 

8 Aspects on Tuesday

Good Vibes

II tevel"
S “What d'ya want, you idiot? You just woke up
my whole family.”
“Check this outhhis is big, manl"
"i hope so. it's one in the morning, man!"
"I just heard on the radio that next week there's gonna be
a huge concert in Woodstock."

Eddie Wile

“Dave, are you wasted? You said you were only smoking
on weekends now.”

"l'm dead serious —— a huge concert up in Woodstock on
some farm. All these groups are supposed to show up: The
Grateful Dead, The Who... [ even heard that Hendrix
might be there."

"Can we talk about this tomorrow?"

"i guess 50, man, but this is really big." Click. Steve hung
up the phone thinking, "He's insane."

The next morning Dave strolled out of his math class and
immediately started toward the bathroom to cop some
weed. "There's no way i can get through that philosophy
nonsense straight," he thought. "This summer school gar-
bage rots anyway — might as well get wasted." There was
Steve, though, just ahead of him, dressed like some
establishment capitalist again.

"Hey, get some real clothes!"

"What's up, Dave? Who spilled the paint on your shirt?”

"Getting ready for the big weekend? l’m totally ready."

"What do you mean?"

"Are you stupid or what? Woodstockl"

Steve looked around. He'd been friends with Dave for
years, but since he started getting into this hippie stuff, it
really wasn't the same.

“You mean -— wait —— you were for real?"

"Totally. it’s gonna be a totally far out trip.“

"You know i can’t go. I like the music, but it's gonna be
crazy — all those hippies."

Dave shot a cold glare at Steve.

"Oh, sorry. l'll never speak of your family negatively
again," said Steve sarcastically. "But it's three hours from
here, and i heard on the news that there's not gonna be
enough of anything — food. water, bathrooms — nothing.
And you and all your friends will just get spaced again and
freak out like always."

"No way, man. Three days of peace, love, and, well . . .
okay, I admit a few well-chosen drugs never hurt. Nothing
can go wrong. There are just too many good vibes for
anything to screw up."

The bell rang and Steve took off down the hall. "Damn.
no weed," Dave sighed.

Friday morning Steve was jolted awake by his father who
was screaming, "What the hell is going on out there?" Then
Steve heard it. A car's horn was blaring oiutside his window.
He looked out and there was Dave in his father's car, loan
ing on the horn. Steve ran out into the street in his
underwear and hopped into the car. "What are you doing? "

Dave seemed shocked. "Today's the big day, man. We're
going to heaven!"

"No way! You can't be serious! l'm not going to any hip-
pie convention."

"Look, get off it. if you don't go you'll never know what
it's like, and you can call yourself a coward for the rest of
your life. Nothing's gonna happen. We'll hang out, listen to
tunes, and it you really don't like it we'll leave."

"Okay, i guess you're right. Besides, I can't let you go
alone. You wait here. I'll talk to my parents, and I‘ll be out in
five minutes."

"Hey, Steve, put on some clothes too ~— you look pretty
stupid."

Soon Steve appeared carrying a sleeping bag, a iackct,

 

 

 

 

 

"Food, which i assume you forgot."

"Yeah, i didn’t really bring anything. Actually my parents
don't even know l'm going. i guess you could say we’re in a
stolen car, man."

"Great move, Dave. Now i know we're gonna die."

They drove along listening to music, and the time went
pretty quickly. About two hours into the ride, Steve admit-
ted, "l guess l was being pretty narrow-minded. This should
be good. Besides, We always wanted to see The Who."

Half an hour later trafic stopped dead.

“Dave, this is stupid. We haven't moved for an hour. The
sign says eight miles — l say we hike it."

"i guess l can handle that."

They parked the car on the side of the road, and Steve
grabbed his bags. They started walking and were quickly
joined by six more guys who were walking up the road too.
They talked about drugs, music, the war, that facist Nixon,
and a lot of protests. Finally, they went around a bend in the
road, and there it was.

“it lS heaven, man," yelled Dave. Thousands and
thousands of kids were gathered in a huge open field. The
six guys started looking for their buddies, but before they
left, they gave their two new friends a tab of acid each.

"Later, man," said one of them.

"Have a good time guys,” said Dave, popping the tab into
his mouth. Steve dropped his on the ground.

"Just do me a big favor, Dave. Co easy on that. i don't
need you freaking out on any bad trips."

“Don't worry. i don't even have any more drugs."

"This looks like a good spot to camp out. We can see the
stage a little, and we can get out of the area easily from
here."

"Sounds good to me," Dave said not so clearly. Steve
knew the acid was taking over.

"Yeah, well, you sit right here. Don't move."

Dave fell asleep with a big smile on his face. Steve sat
down and started to take in the surroundings. He even flash-
ed a couple of people a peace sign. Suddenly something
hard hit him in the back. He turned around: a frisbee. He
picked it up and looked around. "Over here, man." Steve
threw the dish, and that was all it took. For the next two
hours he was a permanent part of a frisbee game.

At four o’clock Richie Havens hit the stage, hopping
around like a wild man. "This is too much," Steve thought.
"These people are all so happy." it must have been con-
tagious, because suddenly Steve was dancing with a group
of hippies.

Havens finished, and Steve sat down next to Dave who
was still dead, but tossing and turning roughly. Out came
Country Joe and the Fish. Joe lead a huge chant: "One. tWo,
three, what are we fightin' for? l don't give a damn. My next
stop is Viet Nam . . . "

"i can't believe l'm screaming like this and liking it,"
thought Steve. Country Joe's set was too short, and Steve
was sad when he left the stage. "Oh, well, l have two more
days, and the better groups perform tomorrow anyway."

"Oh, God."

Steve looked down. "Oh. not this." Dave was sprawled
out. throwing up.

"What’s wrong, Dave?" asked Steve, almost laughingly.
He'd seen this all before. Almost every time he was with
Dave when he came down from a tripit ended like this.

"That stuff really took a lot out of me. I feel horrible.
What time is it?”

"it's almost eight. You missed Richie Havens. You should
have seen it! He was crazyi"

A man came out on stage and announced, "Well, it's been
a long day. Everything is cool. We have free food and
water, and as long as everybody works together, we'll be
fine. We're all gonna get some sleep. You guys get some
“,0. and wc’n got up early tomorrow for another day of
music and peace."

"You see, Dave, everything is cool. l'm gonna get some
sleep. l'm really beat."

Steve woke up the next morning feeling rested. tle felt
safe with all these people - it was really strange. He soon
decided to get up and eat, then possibly go for a swim

 

before the concert started.

"Dave, you want something to eat?" No answer. "Dave,
get up. Let's eat.”

Steve rolled over_to see if Dave was still slepeing, but
Dave wasn't there. Steve jumped up and started looking
around. It didn't take long to find him, but it was a horrible
sight. He was lying on his back shaking, his eyes looked like
glass, and his clothes were soaked with sweat. Steve knelt
down and started to shake Dave. "Get up! C'mon manl
What's wrong?”

From out of nowhere, Dave went crazy. "Get away!
They're coming! They're killing met 1 can feel them eating
me!" He kept yelling, "They’re comingl" and he didn't even
seem to recognize Steve. .

“C'mon, Dave. What am l supposed to do now?"

"Just get away before they get you tool”

Steve felt a hand on his shoulder. "You need some help
with your buddy?"

“Yeah, I guess so." -

“Don't worry. There's a trailer where they have doctors.
and your friend can rest there." ,

Steve and his new friend, who was dressed from head to
toe in tie-dye, picked Dave up and started carrying him to
the trailer. This wasn’t an easy job because they had to keep
stepping over people, but everybody semed sympathetic
toward the situation and gave them room. A couple even
offered to help.

"Yeah, there‘s some acid going around that’s not par-
ticularly good. I think it’s the brown stuff." ,

They got Dave to the trailer, and the doctor, who turned
out to be another hippie who said he was good at helping
people, put Dave down on a cot and told him to rest. Dave
just yelled, "Get out of here, manl"

The "doctor" took Steve outside. "Don’t worry about
your friend, man. This isn't bad. We had a cat in here before
who thought he was a banana and tried to peel himself.
We'll keep your friend here till tomorrow. Then you can
pick him up."

Steve looked at the "doctor" sadly. “Okay.” '

‘Hey man, really, don’t worry. There's gonna be a lot of
cool music today. And you won't lose your friend because
he's here. So go out in the field and ha" e a great time."

"Yeah, okav, l'll see you tomorrow. " Steve started to trot
away.

"lust stay away from the brown acid."

"No problem," Steve yelled.

Steve woke up the third day a little wet and muddy but
feeling great. He packed up his stuf and went to the trailer
for Dave, who was sitting on the steps when Steve arived.

"How do you feel?" Steve asked.

"Like hell. What do you expect? ljust freaked out on acid.
How should l feel?“

"Well, you mised it, man. What a dayl it was great! Sly
and the Family Stone. Some lady had a kid right before John
Sebastian went on. The Who -— you should have seen The
Who —— Townshend went totally wild. Then it rained. We
all stuck together and beat the rain. it was beautiful."

"Well, let's go home. l feel like garbage."

"No way! l'm gonna see Hendrix."

"Look, I don't feel good. lhave to get away from all these
people."

“First of all, you dragged me. here. This wasn’t my idea.
And l'm loving every second, and l'm not leaving before
Hendrix plays. Second, these people aren’t the ones who
poisoned you. You took that stuff to be like them, but
you're really not. Two months ago you wouldn't touch acid,
but now you take every drug that comes by. That's not
lwhat these people stand for. They stand for peace and

UVL‘.

Dave and Steve watched the show together that day.
Dave was pretty quiet, but Steve danced, talked with peo-
ple, and shared his food with everyone. The sun was star-
ting to set, and limi Hendrix took the stage to officially end
the festival. He sawed through an electric version of the Na!
tional Anthem. Steve looked out over the field, now only
spotted with people and flooded with mud and garbage. A
tear rolch down his check.

"This is what it's all about, man." ,

"Let’s get out here," Dave whispered. D

November 1-2; 1985- ‘

......... . “a. ... ... .. .. .. a. . .. ~,u-n‘«‘<.ﬂllun c...-,~.,a.u....m,m ,, _ ,V.

NoVember 12;'-1965'-

 
 

 

'Asﬁééu'ba Tuesday '9'-

 

Forché’s

 

 

arolyn Forche, award wmning poet,
‘ journalist, and human rights in-

vestigator, shared her views on
"Politics and Poetry" with a full, en-
thusiastic crowd at the Orientation Theatre
in the New York State Museum Wednes-
day evening.

 

Loren Ginsberg

Drawing on her experiences during a
two-year stay in El Salvador in the late
1970's, Forche discussed her incorporation
into poetry of the political atrocities she
witnessed. “I think all language is political,"
Forche stated. "My task was to break
down, to recreate, something that happen-
ed to my conciousness." Beginning with
her interest in poetry as a child, she
described her evolution as a "political
poet."

"l began writing at nine, almost com-
pulsively, as some children draw," revealed
Forche. She was educated in a Catholic
school were, according to the nuns,
"nothing happened in poetry after 1920."
in college, Forche became more seriously
involved in her writing. "it seemed il-
legitimate that i could actually get grades
and credit for creative writing," she
thought.

But Forche was not satisfied with her
poetry. She felt that her work lacked an
urgency and a purpose. “1 had nothing that
seemed to be absolutely neccesary to write
about," she explained. "This was disturbing
to me, and i felt a kind of lethargy in my
spirit."

To Live

 

illiam Friedkin’s new film, To Live
Wand Die in LA. is full of the same

appealing blood, guts, and gore
which graced its most recent predecessor in
the violent film genre, a film called Year of
the Dragon. While Walter Hill, the current
reigning king of gore, whose The Warriors
and 48 Hours cornered the market on red
paint and styrofoam bullets, leads the pack
in the 80's, he adopted the distinction from
William Friedkin, who directed such 70’s
films as The French Connection, Night
Moves, and The Exorcist.

Scott Eisenthal

Friedkin's latest film, To Live and Die in
L.A.. is not a horror film; the movie is
about a counterfeiter who blows the brains
out of people he doesn’t like. But when he
shoots a federal agent to death, the dead
man's partner (William L. Peterson) gets
angry — angry enough to plot an all out
vendetta.

Chance. the partner, knows where the
counterfeiter (William Dafoe) is, and he
knows that all it will take is one shot with a
.44 to end the story. But he insists on doing
things at least somewhat legally, so while
people are getting shot and phony curren~
cy is being passed, Chance is gathering
evidence. This is where the story falters,
but the movie as a whole fails for several
different reasons.

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

"Don’t change your
writing. . . I think
you have to change
yourself and your
life. ’»'

—Carolyn Forche

 

  
   

“The first poem that meant something
— that seemed essential -— was about my
grandmother, Anna," said Forche. it was
included in her first volume of poetry,
Gathering the Tribes which was published
in 1976 through a grant from the Yale
Series of Younger Poets Award.

Forche was soon afflicted by “first
publication virus." She defined this malady
as "when you become very nervous and
self-concious and you stop writing
altogether."

At that time, she was teaching at San
Diego University, where she met the
daughter of Salvadorian poet Claribel
Alegria. Forche decided to spend the sum-
mer. with Alegria, who was exiled in Spain,
and translate her poetry into English. it was
a difficult task, not because Spanish was a
serious barrier — Forche had studied it
throughout college — but because
Alegria’s poetry was written in an environ-
ment of political l‘CplL‘sSlOi’l. severe pover-
ty, censorship, imprisonment, and murder.
The real foreign element to Forche was the

.political situation that Alegria's work
reflected.

Forche admitted, "l began to mistakenly
devalue literature. i felt that. m a world
that would permit these atrocities, it wasn‘t
enough."

When she returned from Spain; Forche
was awarded a one-year Gugenheim
fellowship, which essentially allowed her a
free year to develop her poetry anywhere
she chose. "A Guggenheim," stated Forche,
"is like winning the lottery.

 
 
 

 

 

 

As she was deciding where to spend her
year, an uncle of Claribel Alegria’s sug-
gested that she come to El Salvador. He
asked her, "Would you like to do
something for the rest of humanity?"
When Forche answered yes, he said, "Then
l'll 'see you in El Salvador in January."

El Salvador was on the verge of revolu-
tion, and Forche felt that if she went, she
would be better able to comprehend the
oppression of poets like Alegria. "My
friends asked me why l didn't understand
that my job was not to be a kind of Peace
Corps volunteer, " Forche reflected.

"i thought i would sit at a typewriter for
three or four hours a day and write. That
was not the case," she said. During her stay
in El Salvador, Forche was a human rights
journalist for Amnesty international. Her
work included tracking down poeple on
missing persons lists to determine if they
were still alive, photographing corpses for
identification, and recording all of her ex-
periences in a journal.

"l was asking questions. i was asking
everyone... i was a bit naive," she con-
fessed. "Then someone said to me 'lf you
don't stop asking questions, you'll soon be
one of your statistics. Besides, all of the
poeple on your list are dead.‘ "

Forche found it difficult to translate her
experiences into poetry. "There are no
poems in the midst of that context. There
are only wispy, wispy lines. And these lit-
tle wisps come, but it's something unable
to be said. You are numbed."

in her discussion of political poetry, For-
che stressed the danger of writing too self-
conciously. "You know the message that
you want the words to bear, but you may
become chained, in a sense, to the facts.
You're not allowing yourself to write
something even more truthful than the
facts." .

As a solution to this problem, Forche
often expressed her disturbing experiences
by creating an element of intimacy. "We
must render something intimate in order to
make it powerful in us," she asserted. "i
had to make it somethingthat Americans
would understand more fully than the cold
desorption of atrocities."

Forche expressed disappointment in
much of the poetry of her age. "lt's
delicate, and it's beautiful, and it's nothing,
and it's revised and made perfect, and it's
still nothing."

 

 

and 

. "K .

    

die on

   

 

Vukovth (John Pankow, left) and Chance (Wlilam Peterson. center) arrest a cunt-
orieiter's ban man (John Tunurro, right) In To Live and Die In LA.

 

One of the minor reasons is an in-
credibly annoying soundtrack by British
new rock band Wang Chung. The heavy
bass, loud drumbeats, and exceedingly
deep voice of the lead singer overbear the
film's action at several points, and some at-
tempts are even made at dialogue while
the music is going on. The intended effect
was probably the creating of tension. it can
be felt, but only in the form of a headache.

Another rough spot is the acting. While
it seems that the stars of To Live and Die
will never appear in any other type of film.

it becomes clear that they can't even do
this well. The movie's tough guys are
played by actors with wimpy voices, and
an abundance of screaming and shouting
completely cradicates the potential for a
suspenseful buildup. And they all seem to
have trouble talking. Lines become iumbl~
cd and nuclear. and there's no contrast in
the tones of voice between the calm
characters and tltt' hyper ones. it may be
necessary to cover up a poorly written
script. but fur/iness is not the practical way

fort-é]: pOIitics and poetry

Her advice to poets: "Don't change your
writing... i think you have to change
yourself and your life. We write out of a
sensibility that is shaped by the way we
live...lt's a matter of transforming this
spirit inside by tiny increments in our daily
choices."

"1 think that my case was personal. it
was my fate, in a way," said Forche of her
stay in El Salvador. "if we understand how
similar we are, maybe we'll understand
ourselves a little better. You don't have to
go to an exotic place. Write about your
own neighborhood. That's where it starts."

Carolyn Forche will remain in Albany
through fall semester as a writer-in-
residence sponsored by the New York
'State Writers institute. During her residen-
cy she will teach a mini-course in the
English department and will work in-
dividually with students on their own
creative work.

“This may be my last public appearance
for a long time," Forche announced

’ Wednesday night. Alter her residency at
SUNYA, she will join her husband, a
photojournalist on assignment in South
Africa. "i will always have an obligation to
continue my education," she stated. "i
think i will do that in South Africa." Forche
also announced that she will give birth to
her first child in South Africa. “ill have a
new ob tion . . . tom baby." El

   

 

 

 

 

to do it.

 

 

SlDEi‘xiGE

screen

The key problem, though. lies not with
what is in the film, but with what was
taken out and how it was done. The
editing is simply awful. Like all of
Friedkin's classic cops-and-killers movies,
To Live and Die involves a major car chase.
But with new cars coming out of nowhere
to join the chase every time the camera
pans, we're never sure who's chasing
whom and why. And in the end the whole
scene looks like it was done for comic
reliefs

There are words cut here and there.
coinciding actions that have nothing to do
with each other, cut scenes, and a run-on
dialogue that looks like it was pieced
together from four different scenes. All. in
all, film editor, Bud Smith (it's a good thing
he didnt use his real name) is guilty on
sixty-two counts of assault with a deadly
splicer.

it's hard to say what the film develops
into. it really doesn’t develop into much of
anything. it makes nothing out of the
characters. is full of irrelevant violence (a
key problem with many macho-violent
films), and runs on a plot that is. at best, an
ticlimactic. At worst it's slow and pointless.

Good directors have made bad films
good. And Friedkin, an Oscar winner, is a
good director. To Live and Die in l..rt.,
however, is not a good iilm. l .l

LASP rating: g i' I

 

