Behind Ilia
Scones

Records, They're Not Talk-
ing American Bandstand

an you imagine having re-
cords rated like movies? The
idea would be laughable if a
lot of influential people
weren‘t intent on making it happen,
In June. 4'5 record labels received
a letter from the National Association
of Broadcasters (NAB) asking that
lyric sheets be included on all new
releases sent to radio stations. Over
800 TV and radio stations received a
similar NAB letter requesting they
censor sexually suggestive lyrics.
Another organization. the Parents
Musical Resource Center (I’MRC). Is
currently lobbying Congress to force
a ratings system similar to the one
used by the movie industry. Among
the members of the I’MRC are Susan
Baker. wife of Treasury Secretary
James Baker. and ’I‘Ipper Gore. wife
of 'l‘ennessee Senator Albert Gore.

or years. politically and religious-

ly conservative have tried to cen-
sor music for being sexually explicit
or satanic. but other than banning a
Kiss concert here or there, they
haven‘t had mttch clout. With politi-
cal heavyweights involved in the
new censorship tnovement. the tide
appears to be turning.

MCA Records recently pulled a
single called “Let‘s Talk" (“Let's
Talk About Sex") by One Way 00' the
air. More substantial was the an
nouncement by the Recording In-
dustry Association ol'AmerIca that 19
major record labels had agreed to put
a disclaimer on the jackets of all re-
cords deemed "offensive."

he censorship movement may

also be gaining because it has al‘
lies in the recording industry itself.
Smokey Robinson. for one. declared
"Something has to he done about
sexually explicit lyrics."

Dave Marsh said in Rock (‘3 Ii’ull
(.Yirr/irlt'lllirll. "'I‘hc I‘MRC. the PTA
and television evangelists are the de-
scendants of the forces that tried to
'protcct‘ us from lilvis. Little Richard.
the lit-atIt-s and the Stones."

In late September. the I’MRC.
Frank Zappa. ’I\visted Sister's Dee
Snider and IiIAA President Stanley
(lot'ttkov testilicd against ratings he
lore :t Congressional committee. The
ratings battle is heating up.

H .‘IlII/H’I‘AYUH/

mmmoii‘iiii‘ﬁmgwmv. .
oral producers lot a “movie ol my lilo." Tumor
willnoloctinthomoviomulwitlchooooiho

mu toportrIy hound retain creative con- _

troI.ThontovIowiIleWbobuodon

od Stewart will ﬁnally launch

his Iong-talked-about acting

career with a starring role in a

British soap opera. Stewart
would not disclose many details. but
by the way he describes it. the show
is from the same laboratory that pro-
duced Dallas/Dynasot “'i‘here‘ll be
plenty of cutting throats. lies attd de‘
ceit and passionate romance" . . .
"l\vo songs on ex-(io-Go Jane Weid-
lin‘s solo album were written by her
high school sweedmart~~Kevln
Ilunter oI'Wire Train . . .Jimmy (Zliil
says that Keith Richards and Ron
Wood of the Stones are talking about
doing a record protect that would
also I'eature Policeman Stewart
Copeland on drums . . . lioy George
rcpt )rtcdly will he organizing a chari-
ty concert over the Christtttas season
to help light AIDS in the UK. lie has
already contributed some 320.000 to
a British AIDS charity . . . Mandy
Meir. formerly of Krokus. has re
placed Steve Howe In Asia's lineup.
Iiowc Is said to be working with can

MUSICAL NOTES

BY GREG PTACEK

ly Genesis member Steve Hackett in
a new group called GTR . . . Master
re-mixer Jellybean Benitez has pro
duced a demo tape featuring Madon-
na. and Ashford and Simpson writing
tunes for a proposed contemporary
musical based on the novel "Oliver

I Coming Soon To a Record

Store Near You

arbra Streisand (a duet project
with Run D.M.C.. “Babs
‘Raps"—iust kiddingi) Flock
of Seagulls. Krokus, Red Hot
Chili Peppers, Dance chletyt'Steel
Pulse. Linda Ronstadt (ﬁrst country
album in years). The Eagles (yes.
dummy, they have. broken up; this is

_ an anthology). Metalloid. The 'Ii‘ipy
lets (they are what their name im;‘ I .

plies). Lindsay Buckingham (will we
ever see another Fleetwood Mac
LP?), Dokken. Peter Gabriel. Ric
Ocasek, Steve Winwood. Quincy
Jones. James Ingram, The Ramones

'(compilation). ,Phll Alvin (of the

Blasters). Harold Faltmeyer. Van Ha-
len, INXS. John; Parr. Genesis (if
they stick together. that is), The Fixx.
Guilfria. Olngo Boingo, Joan Jett.
Boston (but, then again they've been
saying this for 10-years). The
Damned, 'l‘om Waltes. .Thomas
Dolby, Steve Miller. Julian Lennon.
'IWisted Sister. Sister Sledge. Gm-
ham Nash and Bad Company.
(Since recording artists are crea-
tures not known for meeting sched-
tiles, consider this list advisory.)

Scritti Politti

reen—lust Green—~the leader
of Scrlttl Politti, 15 known for
his musings on pop music and
Western Civilization and is
widely quoted in the British press.
In addition. Green and his band
Scritti Politti (Italian for “political
writing") produce some of the most
original music on the market today.
About the photo of a piece of
wrapped meat on the back of Scrltti‘s
latest album. “Cupid & Psyche." he
says: “Artist Marcel Duchamp was

asked to do a Vogue cover in the a

1920's. He -did a piece of meat.

wrapped in cloth with paper stars, a

portrait of George Washington.
“They said, 'This doesn'tka like

George Washington‘. but’lt didI It ' '_
looked a lot like George Washing  
ton'._'l'hey decided not to use it. butI._  ' ’
thought it wasairery beautiful thing. , ‘

3 ‘V‘Seefa lot of people think that
Scritti's music is very sweet, vapor-
ous. Ijthink' there‘s‘an element of
that, but at the center there's some.
thing more'substantial. like meat at
the center. And the butterﬂy repre-
sents the sweetness. Of course. It has

’ a pin in its head, which means it‘s

dead. Symbolic. Yeah."

Martha Dario. the sultry singer/songwriter at The Motels
(currenlly on tour). at 34 has two leonoged daughters.
No doubt. managing a career and I totally was trying at

times. but she wouldn't have had it any othor way.

"When I got married at15.lbocomo on Air Force who.
went to Florida. and lived in a Illtlo shock In a little white
ghetto at the and M a runway. No phone. no radio, no

television. All I had to do was hold my baby.

"When l decided to do music, one girl was old enough
to watch the other. I would take them to rehearsal. bring
along a little block-ond-whlto TV. and they'd curl up In
Iront oi It. They were never without me Ior a very long

time. . .ond they still aren't"

 

If you think the best way to pay for_college is to
ﬁgtfitofﬁ‘ for a few years and join the military. you’re

rig t.

Because with the New GI Bill, you can join the
Army National Guard and get a guaranteed minimum
of $18,000 for college.

But best of all, you serve two days a month
and two weeks a ear. Which means you can go to
school full‘time. ight now. On us. '

So the question you have to ask yourself IS not.
can you afford college. I

The question is, can you afford to watt.

For more information about the Army Guard and
the New GI Bill, fill out the attached coupon and mail
it in. Or call 800-638-7600*

; ttt~rio Rico: 7214550; Guam: 4770957; Virgin Islands (Si. Cruix):
‘ H

'ln Ilaw .l7- .
773-641 00452-5794. Ill Alaskamnsult your local phone tIIrecloty.

I We not;an give you “lemon  for 
  e also give you “reﬁne. y. ~ 

.1
r MAIL TO:  I’.(). Box 0000. Clifton. NJ 0701.")

MM lil’

 

NAME

 

ADDRESS

 

Cl'l'Y/S'I'A'I'I'Z/le'
_— ___c lihtl‘l‘lll'lfs‘ [IN-IS llNil
ARI'JACOIII'I PHONE

 

SOCIAL SIECIIRI'I‘Y NUMIIIZR IIIIi’I'II IIA'I‘IC
()L‘L‘III’A'I'ION

S'I'llliliN'l' I lllI(III SCHOOL l iC()|.l.l'2IiI'I
I’RIUR MILITARY ~“VICE IIYES LI NU

x um tmmmu s IMNHNMI m A'J lltmt st mum mt ucutuuv in on t m m «was in mum

Ami National Guard

A meriams A t Their Best.

AIAMMC“105NP

 

