 

2a Aspects on Tuesday

 

 

 

Brown is white

 

U340, ‘Moses at . th '

"Pop music is baby food. If there was any real political
difference made by pop music, it wouldn't be played on
the radio."

Jimmy Brown, drummer of U340

B40, one of the best reggae groups from England to-

day, performed their full repertoire of roots reggae,

sparkling pop, and smooth funk and club at the
Palace Theatre last Thursday night. With their latest
album, Ceffrey Morgan and current single "if It Happens
Again" riding comfortably on the US charts, U840 were
relaxed in front of the receptive crowd.

Jonas Nachsin

Pablo Moses, the opening act, was as good a warm-up
band as I've seen in quite some time. Their style was ex-
citing and refreshing. given the band’s fearlessness and
flexibility in stepping out of standard reggae ground - they
combine a strong guitar sound with the traditional Jamican
flavor.

U340 opened the show with "Riddle Me" from the new
album. It was a pnture-perfect rendering 0| the studio \er-
sion, and its foray into syncopated, frenetic drumming
characterizes the band's present sound.

ASP: "How do you feel about a band preaching politics.
while profiting quite nicely from the system they criticize so.
harshly?" ’

Jimmy iii-own: "l dot. t think that j'UllllCS is the .eason .or

doing what we do. Politics (in the songs) is for us only-it's
our therapy. l’m not a reformist and i don't believe that
political re-organization makes a differece in society. l don't
really believe in any social structure. l believe in anarchy."
ASP.- Do you see the band as promoting the entire reggae
genre?"
Brown: "We see that there's a chance that reggae can be 2
part of America, becai. ‘c it can cha..ge the music scene a.- il
did in Britain. No really good pop music, has broker
mainstream at all because America is in the grip of WASP-
rock radio stations who still play Journey. For good music to
be underground just isn't enough."

"Present Arms" was fantastic on the virture of its wall-O
sound introduction, with all nx horns blaring with great
power and exuberance. "D.U.B.," from the new album, and

 

.n.

  

 
  
 

$7.00 wl'
' tax card

 

 

    

Luann ups
"Madame Medusa," were also standout concert numbers.
The latter, an old standard about Margaret Thatcher, has
lost none of its satirical bite. They closed theshow with a
funked-up extended version of "One in Ten," a song that
best repre cnts UB40‘s .ense of purj use: “I am the one in tun
/ A statistical reminder of a world that doesn’t care."

ASP: "Who is Ceffrey Morgan?"

Brown: "Nobody-it was taken from a piece of graffitti we
saw on the wall which we thought was funny. A lot of peo-
ple ask us that."

ASP.- "Do you get upset wh-.n people reiase to recognize
U840 as a true reggae band because of your modern style
and your English heritage?" V

Brown: "You get upset when you are criticized when people
are right. But in this case, they're basically criticizing .us

' because we are white. We have a good relationship ‘with'

many of the Jamaican in. lists that WI. toiled beforc we started
playing, such as. Burning Spear. Reggae is growing and
developing quicker than any other form of music. To me,
the most exciting reggae has happened-in the last four or
five years. it’s an aggressive style for the people involved."

"mum om AKEIIHG I
H I

', General

_, PUBLIC

 
       

 

.n'“.. a, I.

    

Palace

We all know that Steve Marks. former ASPie, must have
something substantial to contribute toimpressions of the
concert, since his wit know: no- stylistic boundaries. l
graciously asked Sir Marksman to lend his literary p‘rowess
to my review. and this is what he came upwith: "It's
definitely pi that both U840 guitaristsare left~handed." No
review would be complete without a comment from my
mentor, Stu, of "Stu's Reviews" fame. He spewed out this '
gem: "l liked that guy, .rh, Pablo Cruise." Andy .nformctl a '
confused Stu that the correct name was in fact Pablo Moses,
and confirmed Stu's earlier contention that their lead
guitarist did play a solo with his teeth. We’re all still arguing
over the actual number of players on stage when Pablo
Moses jammed with U840. I say l6, Andy says 17, and Stu ,
holds out with an l8-count. These are “1!. things COlllo'B-
educated discussions are made of.
And now, more Jimmy: '
ASP: “Do you feel that the resolution of the miner’s 'strike'
will have a great effect on the working class in Britain and in
other areas?" . v
Brown: "\ .‘e shall see. . .l find it lightening th.’.tvthe right
wing has infiltrated the unions to the pointihat they’ve
become powerless. We saw the miner's strike as a black and
white issue, and we did do some concerts to provide funds
for them. Arthur Scargill (leader of the miner's cause) is one
of the most interesting political figures in England."

ASP: “ls it true that U340 me. on an employment line."
Brown: “No«half of us went to school together and were
already friends. Most of us .were unemployed when we
started, some were employed. but in dead-end jobs."

ASP.- "Do you see yourselves as spokesmen for the reggae»
cause?" . ' V .
Brown: ”\ .'e’re not re..l martyrs fo. the remae cause. ~'\Ve
don't need to be thought of as pioneers Introducing people

go a new form of music. it would be nice tothink that peo~

V' ple are influenced by what we do. if they don’t appreciate

'our political ideas, it doesn't make any difference as long as
they enjoy the music. Pop music has no clout at all: nothing
can be achieved though pop music. Some bands try to rally
around and gather for a specific political cause. This high-
profile politics excludes people who don't believe in those
same ideas. It doesn’t really spread the word. l used to
believe that you can change the world. lstill think that you
need to try, but l’m not sure how to do it anymore.” - Cl

    

  

     
 
 
 
  
  

$10.00
w/out
tax card

   
  

      
   

in

 

 

 

appearing in The Gym

April 2 l

 

Tickets G 0 Sale April 10

 

    
 

 

 

M5rcti-‘26:=TI98§'='-:19.‘r s .. mezmawas

 

 

 

“Brazil and C.

 

 . ~..'-t;‘eneration remembered

mom; AND» FRIENDS, a near. j

GENERAHON ALBUM
, By' tired W. McDarrnh - . '

wnrum orro'w and’Coi, $17.95, “3.338 ' ',

Jack Kerouac

nbelievable: i had never heard of the ‘

. Beat Generation before i picked up
Kerouac and Friends, A Beat Genera-
tion Album. I found my fellow students

were generally not familiar or even aware.

of this period either. But when I asked my
advisor, who has little to say about my
future, about the Beat Generation it seem-

ed i no longer had topush at him to speak.» _

tie became enthusiastic! ~ ' -

Mike Dermansky

Who are these little known Beatnicks‘i
To summarize the different impressions
We received, the Beat Generation was a
mass of individuals who rejected society
and its norms with no intention of revolu-
tion, just'a friendly alienation, an openly

 

 

- politically apathetic movement which ‘ ap-u. ‘

palled society. For these were not under-
privileged, minority groups in need of
help, rather they were well educated peo~
ple who clearly could have fit into society
and "done well". if they so chose.
Kerouac and Friends, A Beat Generation
Album, put together by Fred W. McDar-
rah, is a nostalgic scrap book, a friendly ar-
ray of articles borrowed from sources such

as The Evergreen Review, The New York f 

Times, Herald Tribune, The Nation, The
Village. Voice; written by critics and the
people being criticized. The thickly word-
ed, dated, and challenging articles are nice-

  

. m

- group that was striving for. individuality,

 

 

ly broken up by homey photographs taken
by McDarrah, who is the picture editor of“
The Village Voice. It is the kind of book

. you'd like to have lying about your living

room, or bathroom, depending on your
00d

The reasons for the Beatniks’
withdrawal, according to the book. were
the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and
Nagisaki: America‘s changing communities
where families were breaking apart for cor-
porate jobs and neighbors were nothing I
more than strangers; in short. the'
breakdown of morals. This breakdoWn had
been a long time developing: Man’s faith in
God was withdrawn in favor of a feeling
that man is the ultimate. rational being. an
idea hurt by World War One and lost in

_ the wreckage of World War Two. This

super rational being was still capable/of

Iwar, just at a higher level. 50 developed a

Beat Generation. A ' gen’eratiOn '
remembered for its beards, its dirty
clothing, interests in Eastern lreligions,
marijuana, poetry, folk songs and a list of
other'seemingly blissful occupations. They
didn't care to work 9 to 5 so they didn’t.
~Well, today's reader must be thinking, if
they didn't work they must have been
burns, losers, misfits. In fact. a lot of these
peole did pop in and out of psychiatric
centers and were publically criticized by
Time and Life magazines as a worthless

‘4

Author Fred McDarrah beln Interviewed
tary. April 30. 1960.

 

i

 

 

tor a Mike Wallace-beat generation documen-

 
 

-.L.'v.11 ‘.

while members dressed, in the same dirty
clothing. ln the meantime, however. Jack
Kerouac wrote_and published 22 books.
quite an achievement. Something was be-
ing overlooked.

Jack Kerouac was seen as the founding
father, the leader of the Beat Generation.
He even coined the phrase. The press built
him up to be the leader of the hipsters,
juvenille delinquents who acted cool, along
with any other rebellious group. After
reading this book one feels motherly
towards Kerouac. This man, he was a child.
None of his critics do him justice. Nothing
does him justice except his own writing. in
a piece entitled The Last Word. which is in
the book, he discusses man's bloody and

1 sad history. Kerouac ends it. . .When the
. hell will people realize that all living beings

whether ‘human or animals, whether ear-
thly or from other planets, are repress-n-
tatives of God, and that they should be
treated as such, that all things whether liv-
ing or inanimates and whether alive, dead,
or unborn, and whether in the form of mat-
ter or empty space, are simply the body of
God? '

This Beat Generation did have
something to say. They just didn't offer
answers to the problems they presented. in
fact, these people generally did not fit in
with the sterotyped 60's protest marcher.
Jack Kerouac painfully saw. the country

   
   

  

, .r-‘v

  

 

Cult hero Neal Cassady who was the
character Dean Mar/any In On the Road.

change before him. He could no longer
hitch-hike. No one would pick him up.
Two weeks before his death he went into
an alien bar, as he'd done so many times
before, with a friend and got badly beaten
up by some angry blacks. Kerouac
withdrew further and further into himself
and died a drunkard's death.

Now Kerouac's wisdom and followers
seem long forgotten. Yet, i envy these
times. Times when Washington Square
Park was overflowing with folk singers,
friends. and families instead of dealers,
wierdos and rollerskaters. Back then one
could get an apartment for 45 dollars a
month, talk about poetry and any other art
form in a free, honest way in a local pub,
bookstore or Beatnick party. Thinking of
what's left of the Village, l think of how l
won’t be able to find a parking space, how
l'm sure there'll be a Barnes and Nobles and
if there are any remaining clubs they'll be
sure to melt my funds.

How will our generation be looked at?
A typical question. A question that is too
broad to be addressed properly yet too in-
teresting to leave alone. My generation is
the Walkman Generation. Everyone has
headphones. We put them on and walk to
work, walk to class, sit on a bus. Nobody
can ask us for a light or directions. We
don't know anyone and don't have to pre-
tend we do. Maybe we need the head
phones over our ears to keep whatever we
have in our heads from ebbing out. Sure,
this could be contrived as extreme. I have a
walkman, but I usually forget to take it out
of my desk drawer and the batteries fre~
quently fall out. But not everybody who
was of the Beat Generation was BEAT.
Ask your professors. D

Puig’s' u,~BraziI is steamy  

BLOOD OF REQUITED LOVE
By Manuel Puig
Vintage Books, distr. by Random House
202pp.,$7.95

Ever since the tale of Adam, Eve,

and the forbidden fruit was chronicl-
ed in the scrolls of the Old Testament, tales
of romance have been changing and slowly
evolving. The modern romance, as
evidenced by the works of Erica Long,
Norman Mailer, Harold Robbins, Richard
Maibaum and others, is frequently found
to be clinically charged with gratuitous sex
and vehement physical force. In Blood of
Requlted Love, Manuel Puig gives us a
novel whichexemplifies the contemporary
romance.

M.O. Thomas

In the recollections put forth In the
story. the protagonist-narrator is a Brazilian
playboy named Josemar Ferreira. While in
the company of Maria da Gloria, one of
many Young Innocents deflowered by
losemar, he describes a rocky life in pursuit
of pucunlary gain, interspersed with occa.
sional carnal pleasures. This is not A

L lterary romance is never outmoded.

 

Child’s Garden of Verses, to be sure; the
events depicted are of a protean nature and
represent the quintessential synthesis of
existentialism and hedonism. , ,

Josemar; now an older gentleman retumi
ing to his native city to reflect on his past,
:learly feels the world is indifferent and
hostile. He took his pleasure playing soc-
cer, cavorting with a wide array of women,
experiencing the Sao Paulo nightlife and,
inadvertently, assumed the role of
character assassin. Gloria's rapidly
deteriorating mental health comes as a
direct result of Josemar's elaborate mind
games and frivolity.

Josemar’s manly (i use the term in its
worst sense, I assure you) qualities are
always in full form, as seen in this excerpt:

So he showed up like that in that
darkness at the edge of the dance floor, he
looked and saw Azucena leaning against a
Java plant, pretty sad. So he arrived like
that, he grabbed her from behind and gave
her a big' kiss, as if a bomb had exploded,
smack] and she said, “But my God. you
sure are late enough] The y 've already serv~
ed a keg of beer, they served the cake
already, I don’t know what else, grilled
meat.” So he said, “It's not important, I
know what concerns me and it's well
guarded. ” And upon saying that he gave

 

her a slap on the fattest part of her ass, yes?
And she was still mad, and he said to her,
"You didn’t save me any of that beer they
passed around, right? And you didn’t save
me any cake, either, so you’ll have to give
me something. And that’s what I came
looking for, not the fucking beer or the
fucking cake, understand?” So she said,
"Hell, this guy’s got some nervel” She com-
plained, she talked a bit too much, but later
on everything straightened itself out, they
went to dance is that clear? Samba, bolero,
waltz.

Josemar personifies the less attractive
side of Brazil. His childhood was plagued
by an unkind father and frequent bad luck.
His ambitions for power and wealth are
continually frustrated. He has little emo-
tional control or redeeming social qualities.
not much unlike the less polular characters
from the works of Camus and Sartre.
Josemar possesses demonic qualities,
resembling something from the seventh
level of hell. In the tradition of the German
cxpressionlsts, Puig strips away pleasant
facades to reVeal the seamy underbelly of
Josemar Gerroira's Brazil.

Hell, the problem with work on the one
hand and on top of that his mother’s illness,
he’s really screwed. So he doesn’t have
time, he doesn’t have the means, he does" ’t

 

have the time to forget himself and
dedicate a little time to sex, is that clear?
For a guy to enjoy the sexual side, he has to
forget about everything, yes? He should be
able to say I‘m not owing money to
anyone nor having problems with
anyone. . .he shouldn’t go on pulling out
his hair, yes7

This inevitably brings us around to the
timevhonored subject of maturity. What is
maturity? Why do most young people
seem to be preoccupied with achieving it?
"Maturity" somehow seems synonymous
with "rigor mortis". For Josemar’s mother,
maturity is an illness wich keeps her vir-
tually bedridden. For Gloria, shattered
nerves and serious maladjustment are the
claim to maturity. Josemar, with his chang-
ing stories about what really happened on
Gloria's virginal night, with his xenophobia
of the past, and his perpetual fall from
grace, has become mature. Maturity is a
prospect Manuel Puig has designed to be as
appealing as death-on-a-sllck, and equally
attractive.

As in Puig's Heartbreak Tango, there is
again a tone of heavy irony in Blood of Re-
quitcd Love which dominates the pro-
ceedings and spells out the virtures of
youth. I

 

 

