 

6 ALBAN YST UDENT PRESS FRIDA Y, FEBRUAR Y 22, I985

 

  

Nu -:.\u

LENDE"

 

 

 

 

Schenectady Trust can help—With a student loan
even if your family’s income is over $30,000.

Paying for college shouldn‘t be a burden for students or
their parents.

At Schenectady Trust. we‘vecommittedover $10 million
in long-term. lmv-interest guaranteed student loans to help
you meet rising college costs.

Schenectady 'l‘rust offers a variety ol‘stndent loan
programs. including special programs for those attending
undergraduate or graduate school. for l'rnancially independent
students wishing to establish their own credit. rating, and
for parents directle Ami you may qualify even ifyour family‘s
income exceeds 3530.000.

()l'course. Schenectady 'l‘rust also has a wide range of
consumer loans available. including auto, home improve-
ment. personal. anti home equity. For the money you need
and the experience you trust, come to Schenectady Trust—
the hometown bank that is here to help you.

 

Determine how much you need with
ourﬁ'ee College Aid Proﬁle.

Schenectady Trust’s Student Loan Department is
equipped with our new computerized College Aid
Proﬁle—designed to help students and parents sort
out the confusing ﬁnancial aspects of the college
years. Stop in at any of our 21 convenient offices
today and request this no-cost, no-obligation service
—only from Schenectady Trust. 01' call our Student
Loan Department for more information.
Student Loan Department
381-3630
Monday through Friday
9:00 AM to 5:00 PM

Schenectady .
Trust

Trust in us.

The Capital Region's Home Town Bank.

(‘A'I‘SKILL
'l‘anuers Main Street

SCIII‘INEC'I‘ADY ALBANY

State at l'It'ie ll‘.3 State Street
Stale al llr'andynine Madison at West Lawrence 'l‘anners West Side
Sheridan l'lam Stuyvesant l'la‘m
t'rane at Mam :\\eune
l..\'l‘ll.-\M l.()lll)()NVll.l.l‘I NISKAYUNA
.lollllsoll ltnad. ilt'l‘uss London l'luza
I'I‘UIII Lalhatn l"|rt't|
I'laxa Seven

l’pper Union St reel
State at llalltuwu lluad

COLONIE
Star l‘laza. Wolf Road
(‘entral Avenue

at Route tor.

GUILDERLAND
:llltlt) (‘artnaa Road

CLIFTON l‘ARK
Route l-lti tll Vischel‘s
Ferry linatl

S(‘()’l‘l:\
Saratoga llnail at Mayfair

lltl'l'l‘l-lllllAM

Altamoat Avenue at
t‘rane Street

t‘nrt'y ltoad Shopping
t‘enter

Member FDIC
Subsldlary of Trust Co Bank Corp‘NY

 

FRIDAY, FEDRUARYZZ, I985  STUDENT PRESS 7

Household surveys shed light onarea crime '

By Robert Bentatto 

As John Smith was walking
down Washington Avenue .one
chilly afternoon in Februarya
seemingly commonplace stranger

'came up and asked him for the"

time. However. as John
apathetically went about telling
this stranger the time two moro
men surrounded‘him and befOre
he realized it he had been-robbed.

The above scenario is iust one"

of three types of street robberies
that happen in the Capital
District. according to James
Garofalo. dtictor of SUNYA's
Hindlelang Criminal

three types “ambiguous confron-
tation" (the one described
above). “hit and run." and
"unambiguous confrontation."
Garofalo said that these terms
came about through a research
study on burglaries and robberies
within the Capital District. which
Garofalo said was done by
household survey's telling of in-
teractions between. victims and
criminals. ‘
According to Garofalo,- I‘am-

Justice
Research Center. He labeled the

blguous controntatlon'l is an in-
teraction by usually more than

one Offender which begins with a‘

non-criminal act against a person
such as asking for the time or a
light which leads into a criminal
act. "These crimes V’usually hap-
pen during the day. on the street
with people around and not some
deserted alley." . he said. sug-
gesting that. aif‘f‘aggressivc ac~

Ctior’i" be used before a‘ crime can

be committed. .“This- is because
the offendcrfs) won’t be upset if
you get away because he or them
would. have yet to commit a
crime. you have Only been asked
for the timé‘not robbed."

Two common characteristics of
this type of robbery are that the

offenders carry no weapons and

theyictims are usually male. ac-
cording to Garofalo.

“The second and most com-
monplace type of robbery is call-
ed ‘hit and run."’ said Garofalo.
“This crime is epitomized by the
purse-snatcher; it is also usually
women who are victims due to the
cxtermal carrying of property."
However, when the victim is a
man. Garofalo explained. he is

 

 

James Garofalo

    

His research identiﬁes different types of crime.

to make it easier. for the offenders
to get the wallet out of (the vic-
tim's pocket.

Advice Clarofalo offered to
handle this type of robbery is
again “aggressive action."
because “resisted offenders don't
usually stick around,” he said,

 

usually hit from behind in order

 

adding. “you do run a risk of be-
ing bruised in some minor way
but that may not matter if what

you almost had stolen was impor- ‘

tant to you."

The final and least frequent
type of robbery Garofalo calls
“unambiguous confrontation."

. perienccs.

_which. he said. “is usually
characterized by the offender

.having a weapon on him."

Because of the danger of injury to
the victim, “there's also ano ad-
vrsable action to be taken except

.‘to give the offender what he

lwrrnts."

Another research project that
Garofalo is working on is to
understand the "overlapping" of
juvenile offenders and juvenile
victims. The research will consist
of personal crimes against youth
ages twelve to seventeen, said
Garofalo. who also stated that a
survey was done on high school
seniors asking about their vic-
timization and offending ex-
“Hopefully.” said
Garofalo. “when all research and
studying is done we will be able to
answer this question."

A third research project under-
way is called “neighborhood
watch." Garofalo said. “we want
to learn why some neighborhood
watch programs are long lastikng
and why others just peter out
quickly...“ seems that when these
programs are started people join
up and meet with each other and
with the police. The police begin

15>

 

 

 

 

By'Pam Schusterman
The news that 1985's graduating seniors

will 'not be taking their copy of the w

“Torch” home with them'does not seem to
be deteriing students from ordering the
books and getting their, portraits taken.
“The fact that yearbooks will not come
out until September is something that can't
be helped." said, Editor-in-Chief Bob
Lackey. “In order to include Mayfest and
Senior Week and graduation. we need
time." ‘

According to Luckey. this year’s staff is
doing better ﬁnancially than any staff has
in four or five years. He explained that
they have already had three full weeks of
sittings for senior portraits and are expec-
ting two more full weeks.

Dave Zeielnicki. assistan‘t copy editor.
added. “l'm not happy about it but if you
want a good book it can't be helped." that
the book comes out so late.

The policy for getting books to seniors is
very efﬁcient. said Zielnicki. “we mail
them to either the new mailing address or
to their home address. it is no problem."

According to Luckey this year's

"Torch" has every ingredient for success. ‘

He explained that last year’s book had
several major downfalls that were the key
to its relative failure. There were many
books left over and unsold. he said.

“The key to success is organization and
advertising and we have both." he stated.
“last year's book lacked advertising. that
was the major problem."

Last year there was only one ad put into
the "Albany Student Press" for the year-
book. Luckey said. “i have already adver-
tised on radio. put two full page ads in the
“ASP.” had posters. leaﬂets and group
leaders pushing for me."

Jeff Schnappcr, a senior who lives off
campus. said he saw the large banner in the
campus center. “i never saw an Albany
yearbook. and neitherchave any of my

Torh abe‘emsyo be Orth the wait

  
  

 

 

housemates. but i know when I look back

‘1'" be glad that I sat and took the pic-

ture." he said.

Luck'ey also explained that another
reason for the expected success of this
year's "Torch" is the fact that they have
an all student team working on the book.

"Most schools have an academic ad-
visor in charge and this takes away from
student control." he said. adding “it is a
book for students and students should
have the ﬁnal say." He added that it is the
students who know the most about the
podium, the bars and other important
things about SUNYA. ’

Luckey also said this year he will be try-
ing out some new techiniques. “My main
priority is pictures because i think that that
is what people want to see. but i am adding
in some interviews of the different kinds of
people at SUNYA."

He explained that he will be trying to
capture the parts of the diverse population
at SUNYA. “l think the students should
remember the people they came into con-
tact with during their college years." he
said.

This year’s “Torch” is Student Associa-
tion funded and these funds pay for half
the book.said Luckey. adding the book
will only cost seniors a total of eighteen
dollars; eight dollars for the sitting and
another ten dollars which goes toward the
cost of printing. paper and
photochemicals.

“it is a pretty good deal." said Luckey.
"and deﬁnitely cheaper than last year."

“All in all." said Lackey. “i feel con—
flndent the book will be a success. there is
a lot being put lnto it and I think the
students will get a lot out of it."

“The whole thing is that you can never
satlfy everyone on how a book looks. you
can only try your best not to really miss
shy main group." he said. [3

Yearbooks told to shape up

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) Faced with student apathy, money woes and mismanage-
ment. college yearbook staffs this year are ﬁnding it takes more than snappy copy and
pretty pictures to sell yearbooks.

A number of colleges. weary of late yearbook deliveries and having to bail yearbooks
out of financial trouble. now are demanding the books pay their own way.

Last week. for example. the University of Alabama simply slashed the press run of its

'yearbook'to cut losses because it came out late. The Corolla staff bitterly called the move
I “a lack of faith’in our abilities."

But many of the yearbook ventures seem to be responding by installing more efﬁcient.
professional operations. ,

The University of Massachusetts yearbook staff. for instance. last month confronted
an ultimatum to do better or junk its book by bringing out the 1983-84 index three weeks
ahead of deadline. “Students were getting tired of the yearbook.“ said John Mooradian.
UMass Student Government Association (SGA) treasurer. “it was always late and the
quality was bad. And the student fund can't support a late. expensive yearbook."

The SGA. after initially trying to withhold all funds for the yearbook. told the staff it
had to prove it could produce a high-quality book on time. and then sell it. “This year
the book is of exceptional quality." Mooradian boasted. “Student reaction has been
very good.“ .

Yearbook staffs note they aren't always to blame for bad reaction or missed deadlines.
Alabama's Corolla staffers recall someone stole their computer and five disks that held a
third of the book. forcing them to start over and change deadlines.

Yearbooks also have suffered from student apathy. observed David Honnold of
Taylor Publishing Company's College and University Division. which prints many carn—
pus yearbooks nationwide. “if a_school with l0.000 students includes the yearbook price
in its student activity fees. only about 40 percent will actually pick up a yearbook.“ he
said.

“Students think ‘Why buy a yearbook when. for the same price. you can buy a couple
of six packs' ” agreed Brian Mooar. l984-85 editor of Kent State's yearbook.

Usually. the combination of high costs and the student apathy caused by poor quality
can kill a yearbook without student government or administrative threats. That‘s “hat
nearly happened at Pacific Lutheran University in l981. “The quality was poor." admit-
ted l984-85 Saga editor Dana Tigges. “But since then we've hired and maintained a good
staff. The quality of the book has gone up and the administration is more enthused about
financing it. so we're really encouraged.“

Kent State felt the student apathy crunch in 1976 when the university transferred year-
book funding from the school budget to the Student Publication Policy Committee.
“Funding dropped from $15,000 to $i500." Mooar recalled forcing students to buy
books separately instead of paying for them as part of their tuition.

Since then. “we've had to change our thinking around." he conceded. “We‘\ 0 had to
take a large step away from making it a photographer's gallery with no copy." Kent State
now publishes more color. more copy and more “names with faces.” to entice pur-
chasers. Mooar noted. ’

Arizona‘s yearbook staff hopes the some tactics and providing free coverage to all
clubs. fraternities and sororities will convince more students to buy books this year.
Bradley University's stuff expects a price cut and more student portraits will boost sales
of the financially-troubled Amiga.

But at Stephens College in Columbia. Mo.. student apathy is only part of a “domino
effect" threatening yearbook financing. contended yearbook udvisor Connie Bcachlcr.
“We seem to start with a decent staff that dwindlcs. so quality goes down." the
lamented. “Fewer and fewer students buy the hook and that exacerbates the financial
situation." _

While many schools face the same problems of falling subscription sales and declining
quality. Taylor's Honnold said the number of colleges with yearbooks has remained fair-
ly stable for the last five years, and has risen since the late sixties and early seventies
decline.

During those years. “yearbook publication dropped off, probably because of student
apathy. the same as with fraternities and sororities. it wasn't the thing to do at the time."
he said. Now schools that produce a quality yearbook find students are willing to buy i_t.
he added. \ U

