  
  

  

 

. «Back

 

Gra

. ,. ’, "z. ,4 c 
 While the 'Danes‘wéreVadrhiring the?
attractive scenery of Ithaca, the Bombers

‘lined up and converted a two point conver-

sion on a run by Burnt Hills High School

alumni Matt Capuano, who gained 93
yards on the day. _ . V .

Meanwhile, the Albany offense was
comatosc for the second and third periods.
Milano spent much of the afternoon on his
back staring at the sunny Ithaca sky.
Under relentless pressure from Tim Torrey
and the rest of the vaunted Bomber

<Back Page
Guard, something the Engineers must have
to beat the Danes, said Earl.

“We need someone to gain some yards
on the ground," said Earl. “If we’re going
to win the football game, we have to sus-
tain possession of the ball." '

If RPI is to win the game, it won’t be
because the players are feeling sorry for
themselves after Ithaca. ‘

 

 

SUPPORT THE DANES THIS .
WEEKEND

Football game at Heritage Park

Great Dane Classic at Dutch and Indian tennis courts

Great Dane Invitational at volleyball courts at;
University Gym

 

 

 

 

{L

—7

at Danes fall to Ithaca , 
use" v r ‘

Idefense, Milano‘ivas sack'eLd‘seven times,

including three consective ones to close out
the ﬁrst half. '

0n seven of their eight possessions
following their impressive first period
scoring drive, the Danes were forced to
punt.

Still the Danes managed to stay within
striking distance.

“I think it was a credit to us that we
were able to stay in the game,” said Ford,
“considering we didn’t play very well." E]

Albany faces RPI'atHerit‘age Park

“It’s always a question when you work
like hell, get emotionally prepared arid
then don’t achieve your goal,"_said Fordf.

“Can you bounce back? There’s a certtaih

‘ amount of time for self-pity, but I want

them to come back strong.” '

“They can cry in the showers," addé‘d
Ford, “but they can’t wallow in self-pity
forever. I’m not wallowing in self-pity!”'Ell

Men ’3 cross-Countrk

<25

The Army Invitational was the ﬁrst of-‘

Unlike most Invitationals, the meet Wis
scored using the multi-dual. meet method
where each team is compared to the other
on a one to one basis. In effect the Har~
riers ran four meets in one day. The scor—
ing was as follows: Army, 1546; Iona,
I5-46; CW. Post, 19-36; and Marist.
23-34. These results presently give Albany
a record of 0—4. 

licial meet for the barriers this seas’oﬁt

The Danes will continue their tough,

schedule Saturday the let when they will
be traveling to Vermont to face two more
Division I schools; Vermont and Williams.

 

Date:
Time:
Place:

 

WESOME (6'sam) adi-

l. inspiring awe 2. term most often
used to describe a ballroom party

at the ALBANY HILTON

The Brothers of AETI' '
request your presence:

 Sept. 20

9:00 pm

Downtown Albany Hilton

 

 

 

Ithaca football fans 0

By Rob lsbitts - p .

Last Friday afternoon, while most of the
student population was driying 87 south, I
was on my way to Ithaca, New York to
broadcast the__ Great Danes’ football
opener versus Ithaca College for WCDB.
Ithaca is a Division III school, but they
didn't have Division III fans.

As I parked my car on Saturday. morn~
ing to go up to the press box, my partner,
Phil Lewis, and I saw a
crowd of 100 students in F
the parking lot. ~They
were standing by their 
cars with bottlesin their ,
hands, and‘ we quickly calumn
realized that this waslthaca’s version of a
tailgate partyll‘Now that was something.

I know that-tailgating is a regular part of
most prq,and Division I college games, but
this was,differen_t. It showed a pride and
spirit in their school, and some pride in
themselves. Like Albany, Ithaca is a town
that cannot see a bigtime football game
without driving a hundred miles; But their
schoolteam is there, and football is a fun
game to watch at any level. That's the at-
titude thgt was conveyed to _me as I talked
with one of the Ithaca broadcasters.

‘ NWT!‘~"RV¢15'*, huh-mﬁr‘wqme

FRIDAY; SEPTEMBER '20, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  ‘ '

By game time, the stands were full,
about 6000 people in attendance. Not a
major league ﬁgure by any means, but
large enough and loud enough to create a
festive atmosphere, a fun time, and even
an attempt at “The Wave." The school
was there, and so was the local communi-
ty. This was an event as much as it was a
game.

The obvious question at this juncture is
“What’s the point?” Am I saying that
people here spend their Saturdays wasting
time? No, not at all. I know as well as the
next guy that the world does not-end with
Albany State football, and although the
chances of an Albany player or opponent
reaching the professional level are slim or
none (with Slim having recently left town),
there is still a good time available by get-
ting out to Heritage Park or University
Field for a couple of hours on a Saturday.
The scene at South. Hill Field in Ithaca,
New York last Saturday certainly showed
that.

l‘was quite pleased to hear what the Stu-
dent Association has planned in prepara-
tion for tomorrow’s home opener: A pep
rally. 3 party, and the professional at-
mosphere of Heritage Park. The scene at

that Ithaca game was something that I
never expected to see from a Division III
5°h°°L I’m very interested to see what
SUNY Albany does under a similar set of
circumstances.

The Danes did not play outstanding
football Saturday, but after all, they were
matched against a team that is as talented
as any in the state. Fortunately, the same
cannot be said for this week ’5 opponent,
RPI. . .Coach Ford has an attitude which
many of us can learn from: “Work as hard
as we possibly can, live up to our potential,
play the game of football with a lot of
courage and enthusiasm, and let the chips
fall where they may”. . .Ithaca's football
coverage includes a campus radio station,
a commercial station, and even
T.V. . .The New York Thruway is not the
only place in this state where you can find
cows. During our trip to Ithaca, we spot-
ted several herds. including one that
reminded us of a football huddle. After
covering a game for 3 hours, I guess
anything would. . .Our.ncw sports Infor-
mation Director, Mr. Vincent Reda, is
writing a book on the life of Willie Mays.
Tune in at halftime tomorrow night, and
you’ll hear all about it. . .I wonder which

Men harriers overpowered at West

By Dave Blette

The Albany State men's cross-country
team kicked off their season last Friday,
September 16, at the Army Cross-Country
Invitational.
The meet took place at a golf course near
by the Westpoint Military Academy. The
harriers faced Division I powerhouses, Ar-
my and Iona, as well as Division II CW.
Post and Division I Marist. Due mainly to
the strength of the competition, this early
in the season, the harriers came away

winless. Despite this, there were some
strong individual performances.

The two men named as runners of the
meet were senior Chuck Bronner and
junior John “little-boy" Glaser, who plac-
ed 20th and 26th respectively in the race.
Leading the way for the Danes was Trevor
Hash, a sophomore transfer, who placed
18th overall with a time of 26’51 for the
hilly 5-mile course. Bronner. running one
of the strongest mental races of his life.
was eight seconds behind Hash. Next came

co-captain Craig Parlato in 22nd with a
time of 27’06. Rounding out the top seven
were: Glaser with a time of 27'l5; junior
Tim Hoff, 32nd with a time of 27'31;
senior Kevin Sheehan, 35th with a time of
27’40 and co-captain Ian Clemento, 38th
with a time of 27’47.

Other Albany State runners in the meet
were Vernon Miller, Paul Dietz, Pat Paul,
David Blette and Rami Hyari.

The meet took place on a sloping hill of
the West Point golf course in perfect con-

reate festive atmosphere

fraternity will be the most spirited at
Heritage? My money’s on ZBT. . .Ithaca,
like us, has as brand new press box this
year. But only we have a new phone system
to match. . .Wayne Anderson ran the ball
passed it, returned kicks. and played ﬁne
defense on Saturday — a man of all
helmets, you might say. . .Ithaca College
has a nicer campus than the town's other
school, Cornell, but the Ivy League school
has a wider variety of bars. , .If you’ve
ever listened to a football game on WCDB
and wondered why all you heard behind
the broadcasters' voices was a buzzing
sound. listen in tomorrow and you'll' hear
a big difference. . .If you plan on seeing
some football games this year, keep an eye
on number 52, Greg Hart, the converted
basketball player. . .He has the same
determination on grass as he did on wood,
and even though he can't block shots
anymore, at 6'5" he can still bat down
passes (he blocked 2 against Ithaca). . .Do
you think Albany will ever get that Civic
Center we’ve been hearing about since I
was a freshman?...

 

Rob lsbitts is Sports Director of WCDB.

Point In Vite

ditions. Days like Friday are usually pretty
rare in cross-country when the season can
last until late November. The last meet of
the year for Division III is the NCCA

championships on November let.
Whether the Harriers can make the na-
tionals for the third year in a row is a ques—
tion mark for the team this year. “It is too
early to tell if this team will click but we
will be much stronger later in the

season.”says coach R.K. Munsey.
24>

 

 

 

 

OI'

 

 

 

 

 

\-
—¥

 

Meet with us...
call John Morgan 5045
PE 307

call Mark 438-0339

 

 

 

 

Chicken

Delivers

6 DAYS A WEEK 6PM til 1AM
(No Delivery Wednesdays)
on campus only

Win 5!!

 

 

 

Our drivers say they haven’t been
delivering enough wings. So we are
throwing out our delivery schedule. We
will now get you your wings 35 minutes
after your call (more or less), when ever you

SKIPPERS”
463-61 61
for Delivery

 

 

 

 

 

