 

UPDATE

To Change the Direction of the Country

l
I
l

 

The Rev. Jesse L. Jackson doesn ‘t easily
slow down. Since the November election. he
has incorporated his Rainbow Coalition,
now based in Washington, DC. and splits
his time between jimd raising (he has nearly
retired his campaign debt) and continuing
hisdrivc for “jobs, peace and justice "at home
and abroad. Boston bureau chief Sylvester
Monroe recently talked to Jackson for
NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS about his cum-
paign, the future of the Rainbow Coalition
and the current mood on campus:

MONROE: What was the signiﬁcance of
your candidacy for the Democratic presi-
dential nomination?

ACKSON: This is in many ways a macho
generation. Reagan has tapped the selﬁsh-
ness in America as opposed to the selﬂess-
ness in America. The contrast is Kennedy,
who sent a generation to the Peace Corps to
project a new image and inspired a genera-
tion to be involved in ﬁghting for equal
protection under the law. Reagan caused a
generation to withdraw from helping Third
World nations—in fact, to militarily inter-
vene in the Third World—and to drape
themselves in the ﬂag in great selﬁshness
with no sense of conscious obligation to
other people. So the young, upward—what
do you call them?

Q. Yuppies, young urban professionals. . .

A. Yeah, young urban professionals by
and large assumed no responsibility oflift-
ing up the downtrodden. The strongest de-
fense ofa country is how it is responded to
by the masses ofthe world, which are have-
not people. You measure the character of a
generation by its willingness to share and to
serve, not by its capacity to consume. The
Yuppies are a generation of people who
think a lot, but who feel very little. It's
important to have passion in leadership be-

V cause people who feel, think. But people

oftentimes think and divorce themselves
from their feelings. I challenged that. My
campaign helped to guide a generation of

; youth in a new direction.

Q. What impact has your campaign had

‘ on American politics?

A. Well. there‘s a whole body of Indians.
Hispanics. Asians, blacks and women who

‘ felt that they did not count but who know
' thatcollectivelytheydocount.Someidenti-
. fy with the Rainbow as a spiritual proposi-

tion where common interests converge.

‘ Some identify with it as a combination of

colors ofpcople coming together. And some
sec it politically as a progressive school of

i thought. [assume that the Democratic Par-

i ty will have to expand to accommodate the

: number ofncw voters that we've registered.
‘ But more important than the challenge to

30

 

the Democratic Party. we are a challenge to
the direction of the country because we
cannot just be caught in between, either
religiously bound to one party or caught in
the middle of both of them. That must be
our ultimate contribution—to change the
direction of the country. Our becoming
more isolated in our foreign policy must be
changed. Using military intervention over
aggressive diplomacy must be changed.
Right now with the drought in Africa, we
have a marvelous opportunity to make an
impact upon Africa with food and agricul-
tural techniques. That‘s the strength ofour
system, its capacity to produce.

Q. You 're talked a lot about the campaign
being an education for a lot of people, in-
cluding yourself. What about that aspect?

Jackson: ‘Moral darkness on the campus’

A. There are blacks and Hispanics who
never had access close up to a campaign.
Personally. I never had to organize the lo-
gistics for a campaign ﬂight. to handle the
Secret Service and the national press. or to
prepare for presidential debates. Politically.
one impact ofour campaign was to get Ger-
aldine Ferraro on the ticket. There was the
feeling that one ofthe ways to stop the wild-
card role ofthe Rainbow was to try to sew
up the convention before it started. It was
felt that if the Rainbow was out there as a
wild card. and a convention 50 percent fe-
male was aroused. as we had aroused wom-
en during the campaign, then the conven-
tion's outcome would have been less
predictable. So the Rainbow thrust made it
feasible to put a woman on the ticket.

 

 

JESSE JACKSON

Q. What happens to the Rainbow Coali-
tion now?

A. We did very well. We won in 61 con-
gressional districts in the primaries. and
nationwide, we got 3.5 million votes. We are
now targeting certain congressional dis-
tricts and senatorial races for '86. At the
appropriate time, we will start back up on
our drive for voter registration. Also, we
will be a big part of the budget debates.
We're determined not to allow these cuts to
come on the backs ofthe poor and the near
poor. Internationally, we shall keep ﬁghting
to stop the testing and deployment ofthese
missiles and try to open up lines ofcommu-
nication with the credibility that we have
built in the Third World. That's why we are
being asked by Jerusalem Mayor Teddy
Kolleck for help. That's why we are being
asked by the families to try to intercede to
get their relatives out of Beirut.

Q. What about Operation PUSH?

A. I am still its president on leave. Right
now I'm basically a consultant. helping
with program and fund development. and
its primary spokesman at the regular Satur-
day-morning meeting. PUSH is focusing a
lot on civil-rights enforcement. . . It will be
challenging reapportionment lines. It will
be putting a lot ofpressure on private corpo-
rations that depend heavily upon black con-
sumers and yet are not reciprocal.

Q. How do you see the campus mood?

A. Reagan has cast a beam ofmoral dark-
ness over the nation's campuses. He has
convinced a generation ofyouth ofa brand
of Americanism that translates into isola-
tionism. He refused to support the equal-
rights amendment for women, one-half of

' our nation. And there is too little resistance

“17$.  I   a

in the face of that because selﬁshness is so
much more comfortable than selﬁessness.

Q. Do you see selfishness in this genera-
tion of youth?

A. Particularly the Yuppie generation.
because it tends to measure character by
what it has acquired. not by what it has
shared. But this generation is almost like a
dual generation because there‘s one dimen-
sion that's more selﬁsh, more atlluent, but
there's another element ofthe same genera-
tion that is in the best tradition of sacriﬁce,
service and struggle. After all, while the
Yuppics are looking for executive ofﬁces,
thereare otheryoung people who are volun-
teering their bodies in the armed services to
defend this country. who are in fact willing
to feed the hungry and to resist intervention
in Central America. So we certainly should
not stereotype all youth because the Yup-
pics have received perhaps more attention
than they have earned.

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MARCH ltlllS

 

 

A LOT OF
CAPTAle OF INDUSTRY

STARTE

TAS

D O"
SECOND LIEUTENANTS.

How can you get the experience you

need to succeed in business?
ese top executives started out as Army

officers. Ri ht out of college, they were given
the kind 0 responsibility most people in civil—
ian life work years for.

If you be in your future as an Army
officer, you coul further your career plans.

How do you become an Army ofﬁcer? A
great way to get the training you need is Army

OTC

This is a college program that will teach
you leadership and management skills, and

Earl G. Graves. Editor & Publisher
Black Enterprise Magazine

train you to handle real challenges.

If ou want to prepare for a promising
future in business, be ' our future as an Arm
officer, with Army R5In . You too might win
up a captain of industry!

For more information, contact the
Professor of Military Science on your campus,
see the reader service card in this magazine, or
write: Army ROTC, Dept.VE, PO. Box 9000.
Clifton, NJ. 07015.

ARMY ROTC.
BE ALLYOU CAN BE.

Walter F. Williams, President 8L Chief
Operating Officer Bethlehem Steel Corp.

ohn G. Breen. Chairman. President & CEO
Sherwin—Williams Company

 

