 

 

 

aw

MARCH 5, 1985'

 
  

 

  
  
  

for the men’s Great?" ’ s d -
Dane basketball learn ‘ ' '
See analysis inside ‘
on page 26

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

“DRIVING

Guard Dove Adorn drive- In. for I lay-up during the SUNYACo.

Danes ousted byWPl

OT 1033 ends Final Four dream

By Jerry Camplone
SENIOR EDITOR
Worcester, MA.

“We had our chances."

That was all Albany State Head Coach
Dick Sauers could say following his team's
58-57 overtime loss to Worcester
Polytechnic institute in Friday night‘s
first-round NCAA playoff game.

The loss ended what had been one of the
most successful seasons ever for the
Danes. a season that included 21 wins,
highlighted by number 500 for Sauers. But
once again. Albany came up empty in thc
NCAAs.

With just over five minutes remaining in
regulation and the Danes leading 49-46.
Adam Upsprung went to the free throw
line for two shots and a chance to up tht
Danes lead to five. But Upsprung missed
both shots and set the stage for what was
to come.

Those two missed free throws. plus two
more down the stretch. spelled doom for
the Danes. With less than a minute left and
Albany clinging to a one-point lead. Dave
Adam went to the line to. presumably. put
the game away for Albany. But Adam, a
91 percent foul-shooter over the season.
missed his ﬁrst shot and gave WPl another
chance.

After Adam hit his second shot. the
Engineers stormed down court and tied the
game with just 13 seconds remaining. The
Danes had one more shot. but missed the
mark and the game went to overtime, tied
at 54.

For Wl’l. this would be their fourth
overtime game. having won three during
the season, but for Albany. overtime was a
new experience.

Although the Engineers controlled the
jump ball. they quickly turned it over and

Albany had the chance to strike first. Ricl.
Chapman, who played a clutch role com-

ing off the bench. went to the free throw -

line and hit his first shot. But he missed the
second. and the Danes were only up by
one.

After WPl tied it on a foul shot. Chap-
man hit again. but the Engineers erased
that lead as well. With less than one
minute remaining. Adam again went to the
line with a chance to put Albany in front
and again. the “free-throw jinx" struck.

Adam missed the shot and WPl re-
bounded the ball and. following a foul by
Dan Croutier. Greg Fiddcs went to the line
and hit his first shot. putting the Engineers
up for good.

“The key play was when we came up
empty when Upsprung got fouled and we
didn’t score a point." said a dejected
Sauers after the game. “Dave [Adam]
missed some big foul shots." he added.

“This was a game certainly worthy of ar
NCAA tournament." said WPl Head
Coach Ken Kaufman. "We hung in there
at every crucial time." ' '

ike Buffalo State in the SUNYACs.
W 1 came out playing a zone defense.
which usually gives Albany trouble. I‘l
heard that they'd rather play against a
man-to-man defense." said Kaufman.
“This was the first game that we started in
a zone and stayed with it."

But Albany did manage to pull WPl out
of their zone and Suuers said. “Once we
got them to man-to-man i thought we
could exccutc. instead. we were all
thumbs."

Another thorn in Albany's side was the
play of WPl‘s star guard Orville Bailey.
Bailey hit for 22 points and played 43 of
the game’s 45 minutes. "We can‘t stop
Bailey." said Sauers. Kaufman called

  

 

 

By Cathy Errig . .

_EDITORI/\L ASSISTANT

ed bad. i had a very bad day."

excuses. ' ’

he narrowly lost the second. 9-8.

1 nament. but he lost on a very controversial'call." .
DeMeo was very pleased with Fox’s showing. Fox lost his ﬁrst match in overtime.
then rebounded to win in the second round. in his third match. however, he faced this
year's SUNYAC champion. and narrowly lost. 2-1. ‘ . ' - ‘
“Jim wrestled a great match.” said DeMco. “He was leading thirty seconds into
overtime in the ﬁrst round when he made one small mistake. but other than that he did
a really great job. Both he and Baton were terrific." . 2 ,

Then there was Seras.

 

Endless hours of practice, years of sacrifice. and an incredible amount :ofself-
discipline paid off for Andy'Seras last weekend. I ~ ‘ *
Last Saturday night. the Albany State senior took the title that had eluded him in
three previous attempts, that of the NCAA Division lll champion. Seras' victory also,
qualified him for the Division 1 NCAAs. which will be held in Oklahoma City March

Seras' outstanding performance was the bright spot in an‘otherwise dismal Dane;
showing. Albany State finished up 13th overa11.None of the other Albany qualifiers
made it past the quarter-ﬁnals. including All-American Shawn'Sheldon and last year’s
NCAA champion at 126 pounds, Dave Averill. , '
“We brought Albany's best team ever to the NCAAs." said John Balog, who f
qualiﬁed at 134. “but we did the worst we've done in four or five years“.
Disappointment was especially bitter for Sheldon and Averill. both of whom won
their first matches, lost their second, and were-eliminated in the third round. . . ,
‘i‘l was terrible. i just wrestled terrible." said Sheldon of his performance. “I wrestl-

Averill summed up his feelings succinctly, “l 'm depressed. It was definitely an off-
day for me. Some days when you get up you feel great. on others you don't feel so hot.
For me. that was definitely one of those days. I beat the kid that made it into the ﬁnals
so I'm pretty depressed. lt’s frustrating to‘ know l could have done .better, there are no

Balog was also disappointed by his performance.‘After winning his ﬁrst match. il-S.

“i didn’t start wrestling until the third period," said Balog. “l'm upset that ldidn t- .
place, it was possible because of the way l was seeded. but lfdidn’ft do it.” -
Also representing the Danes were Jim Fox (146). and Saddy Anchorman). 1
“Sandy really suffereri a h‘eartbreaker." said Coach Joe DeMeo. “He lost his firsts
match to the guy who won on to place fourth in the tournament. If the wrestlerwho
defeated him had won his semi-final match. Sandywould have been backin thetqtrllr":

For the four time SUNYAC champion. foure-tlmc Alermerican. and 1984 Olympic

Seras is NCAA champ

But grapplers place“ distantj13th 

.

    

   

  

 

Andy Soru. now a tour-time All-American. won his first Division Iii National
Championship Saturday night. Ho will shoot tor the Division I title on March 14.

nave Isaac UPs'

 

 

 
 

Bailey "the key." saying he never wants to
sit. “1 took him out for a few seconds." he
said. “then he says he's been sitting too
long."

Fiddles also played a good game for
WPl. playing the entire 45 minutes and
scoring 9 points. “Our senior guards did
everything you’d expect them to do." said
Kaufman.

For Albany. Croutier had 16 points and
six assists. Adam had 11 points and Chap-
man came off the bench to score nine. in-
cluding three in overtime.

“We didn't get much out of Greg Hart
or Pete Oosule." said Sauers. pointing out
that the big men were crucial to the Dane
game plan. Also lacking in the scoring col-
umn was the Danes leading scorer Adam
Upsprung. Upsprung was averaging 1422
points per game coming into the action.
but hit for just four points. He did.
however. grab eight rebounds.

The Danes went into the lockeroom at
halftime trailing 33-30. but when they
came "out for the second half. they looked
like the Danes of old. quickly capitalizing
on Engineer mistakes and turning the
momentum in their favor. ~

. "We had the lead coming down to the

wire and I thought ‘This is where we
should put it away'." said Sauers. “l’m
really disappointed with the way we
played."

Sauers however did say that WPl
“played a smart game. I must give them
credit."

in Saturday's consolation game against
Westfield State (who lost Friday night to
Clark 88-78). Sauers started a completely .
different starting team; John Mracek.
Brian Knupplla. Chapman. Doug Kilmer
and John Carmella.

Although noticeably titan
25>

stronger

 

 

Lw;v-) . .. <.

 

 

‘ -. .-— it. .~.- u.+r1s'zwu-y......-

arm“- ' '-

c -. was». -

  
  

@‘ 3" t  

l
- i
. ' i

 

 

 

eUaus’H'ED AT THE STA Team-vansrron'Naw' YORK ATALBANY‘BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION
“  " Friday

March 8, 1985

  

NUMBER 10

 

 

 

‘ on State Quad first. opened it
wa_ almost all uppe ' ' a55men. ” .
A ’    4. I "  ' . Woodruff '

   

 

 
 
   
 
 
 
   
  
 
    
  
  
  
  
       

By Pam ConWay

semester.

spokesperson for

 
        
 

   
  
   

    
    
 

1 ‘Tx. .5 this decision."

A'HiStory of quadsifbéiies StigaS'
' By Michelle Busher 

' EDITORIAL ASSISTANI‘
quested by- about 1.000 returning students.

 

 

     
  
 
    
    

"Over 1,200 returning studentsrequested lndian
, Quad. while Dutch and Colonial were each re-
Ever since Dutch Quad was opened. back; I ' i
when to look out of the Stuyvesant Tower  ' Alumni Quad was requested by 700.
thouse was to look out onto a university under “When students hear that Alumni is a bus ride
construction. SUNYA students have had to ‘ "away they aren't as intrigued.” saidKnapton.'
decide .on what quad they wanted to Iive.and ‘ “The only ~real negatiVe thing with Alumni
why. {Ask any prospective student. it’s not an .Quad is that it’s not on campus.” said' Director , ‘
easy task. Farther mattersask» any of the ' of Residential Life. John Martone. {‘Some pco-. ' '
A thousands of students who are putting together ple' like the idea ofigoing. home at' night after
theirs antennas.rear...tt's.;pever an my .spendtasthc.da on cémrus "he id-
-r'dccis‘ion..'. ' " ' ' ‘ " ‘ ~ ' ‘
“When-State Quad‘lirst opened it was t‘ v
all upperclas‘smen." according to coordinatorof 
Colonial and . Dutch Quads. Howie .Woodruff,
who has been with the University for 17 years... '-_ can help them adjust-to group living.
 Today State Quad is most accurately known to ,_  “‘Th'ere is more comraderie;" said Martone.
' house fresh. ’ " and ‘.‘if I had the facilities. 1 would put all of the
Assistant Director of Assignments, Dean ' freshmen there." . .
Knapton said that last year only 400 returning When Linda Zusman. a 1971 graduate of
students requested State Quad. leaving We SUNYA was in her first year, she and the majori-
spaces to be filled by incoming first year and . ty of her classmates were put on Alumni. She
transfer students. ‘   - 1 11>

’Bus survey results indiCate

By Donna MacKenzie

Significant numbers of students polled
don’t seem to be impressed with the opera-
tion of the University's bus system. an-
nounced Student Action Committee
Research Chair Larry Hartman at
Wednesday night's Central Council

‘ meeting.

“Eighty-one percent of the students
polled were not satisfied with the system as
it is now." Hartman said. basing his ﬁgure

‘ on a 500 rider survey conducted recently
over a two week period.

Students were asked to say how often
they rode the buses and whether ‘or not
they were satisfied with the system.

Students who ride the buses the most
often were the least satisfied with service.
and complained that better schedules are
needed. that buses are not on time. that

3 there are not enough buses, and that the
buses are too crowded. Fifty percent of the
respondents said they ride the buses 10
times or more each week but were not
satisfied with current service.

Eight percent of the total surveyed said
"they rode the buses at least ten times a
week and were satisfied with the service.
and cited the reliability. frequency. advan-
tageous stops. and fair prices of the buses.

Overall. 72 percent of the students who
ride the buses between 0 and 5 times per
week were dissatisfied. 76 percent of those
who ride the bus between 5 and 10 times a
week were dissatisfied. and 86 percent of
.thone who ride the bus over 10 times a

 

d’ﬁfse ‘6‘ -. mm '1 . .
tone. [in person is’sh‘y or apprehensive about ,
coming-tocollege for the. first'time Alumni Quad

 

 

 
  

The. Hotel Wellington .

 

 

 

 

CINDY OALWAV UPS

‘ '-' _ the early morning butt
Conrplnlttrt‘oflong waits for two few bum

A number of University of-
ﬁcials and students are awaiting a
decision as to whether the Hotel
. _ Wellington will be available as a
student > housing alternative next

According to Roz Robinson. a
the hotel's
management. the present owners
are “negotiating and deliberating
the future of't‘he Wellington to
find the best avenue market-wise.
’SUNYA housing will depend on

,Director of Residential Life
and Student Development John
Martone said the Wellington was
sold to developers who “aren't
particularly interested in the hotel
business." These developers. Dr.
MichaelBlase and his son. bought
the hotel from the city last
September and have continued
normal operation, although they

Fate of Wellington as-
"Univ. dorm unknown

are not sure how they will operate
it in the future, said Martone.

Although the number of
students living there ﬂuctuates
each semester, the Wellington
presently houses about 140
students. and Martone said the
hotel “has been a very positive
thing as a referral for students for
‘eight years."

The Wellington is currently
divided into two parts. said
Robinson. The front part
operates as a regular hotel and the
back part. the Student Annex.
serves as housing for SUNY
students and interns from the
legislature.

AS for students wishing to live
at the Wellington next year. Mar-
tone said “we expect a decision
very soon from the Biases as to
whether they will be operating the
Wellington as an alternative stu-

12>

   
 
   
    
    
  

    
     
 
  
 

New owners question fate as sludent housing

dissatisfied riders

week were dissatisfied. said Hartman.

“The major complaints were that there
were not enough buses on the weekends.
that buses were not on time. the buses were
too crowded and that bus tickets were not
sold downtown." said Hartman. Student
Action Committee Chair Steve Gawley
and SA Vice President Suzy Auletta urge
any students who have complaints to make
them known.

Referendum

An amendment to the Student Associa—
tion’s (SA) constitution. requiring that a
two-thirds, majority of Central Council
members present mu51 override the veto of
the President of the Student Association.
failed to pass by a vote of 16 to 10.

The amendment would have been
presented to the student body for approval
as Referendum number 2 in the upcoming
spring elections if it had passed.

Financial Aid

Gawley. along with Academic Affairs
Committee Chair Mike Miller. announced
a letter writing campaign against President
Reagan's proposed financial aid cuts. to
be started next week. The campaign will be
held on the dinner lines at Alumni Quad
on March 10, at Dutch and Colonial
Quads on March 11. and at State and in—

dian Quads on March 13.
“The Student Association of the State
University (SASU) and the New York
11>

—..A .C- p,»

 

