 

Into the Night
Marks First Lead Role

ottte actors get inside tlteir
rolesulefl ( tldblum prefe to

ride on top. Whether he's play

iitg “New '5» y." tlte doctor-

‘ turned adventurer of Buckaroo
Banzai. the' ' " NASAaide of 'l‘helt’ight
Stuff or tlte cyni al writer of puff pieces
for People magazine itt ' ‘ big
' cter is Goldblum s owit

vulnerable aitd ittattipulatit all at oitce.
inattic. cltarittiitg aitd gifted with . lit-
second timing. Combine those ct

itg attributes witlt lanky lteigltt attd
a ttervotisl charged voice and you tinder-
stand why ( oldblum (pronounced
‘ioldbloom) could never be one of those
actors who fades iitto a part. subittergittg
their off-scteen personality Thus far.
Goldblum ltas lent his presence to sup-
portittg parts antl cameos. Now, witlt the
upcoming John Landis ﬁlm called Into
the Night, opening iit March. lte steps iitto
a leading role.

“They r calliit it a ‘d'
mance, says Goldblum. .slting a fur-
tive stnir . “so I guess I'm the dangerous
romantic lead.

“l play a m' it wlto has come to a dead
end itt his lit . l cro ‘ paths witlt an at-
tractive yottng woittait. She‘s iii the mid-
dle of troubles involving high ﬁnancial

t meos attd bit part
perforitters David Bowie and Dan Ayk-
royd. dii ctors l’attl Mazn (Mmrote on
the Hudson). Lawrence Ka' lait (The Big
Chill). Roger Vadiitt (Barbarella). David
(Ironenberg (Sctiiiiti'rt). Jonathan Demme
(Melvin and Howard) and Richard
Franklin (Psycho ll).

Goldblum. 32. cltose ait acting ci ‘t.('l'
wltile in high school. btit kept that plait
sectc Bypassing college. lte left his
l’itt urglt home for New York to stttdy
acting. soott winning ait apprenticeship

DAVID ALE XANDEH

at Sanford Meisne Neighborhood
Playhot .

A year later. ‘ioldblunt‘s lteigltt won
him a minor role a guard in a _]oseplt
l’app Central Park production of Two
(it’llllt‘mt'll (If Vermin. When tlte show
moved to Broadway. (lolilbluttt moved
with it.

\\ ather dictated ltis next break. lit

‘noltlbluin was in the [age comedy

(imndi' (ft’ (low (.010. Dir tor Robert
Altman. then at a career peak following
M.A.S.H. aitd i\lr(.'n[u' Illtt/ Mn. Miller.
t ugltt a performance and liked what he
‘ w iit the tangy character actor. “He
had only come in the theatre to escape a

‘ rd." says Goldblum. Whatever the

. Altman offered ltiitt small roles
I l I‘Ilftl Split aitd i\’ii.tlntilltu
followed a number of bit parts.
ingly larger aitd jtiicier. lit
Next Stop ri'eiituicli l’i/liigt' he was a
keyed-up actor who. ' tiitg a tryout,
imagine. so ittte . ly that he'll be r

jectctl that he storms otil of the rooin in

a fine froth. lit Between the Liar» he was a
rock critic for at) underground Boston
ttettspaper who sold his fit bie albums
and gave lecture. entitled "Whither Rock
atid Roll" to gullible coeds iit order to
squeak by without working. For the l979
version of Invasion of the Bttilvtniitchi'rs he
played a mud-bath proprietor. lit Annie
Hall he was on ‘Cl eit fora few utenti
ble moments as a (Ialiforitia part 'goer
who phone. i guru because ht forgot-
ten ltis mantra. A short-lived 'lV ies.
’li’ni’pi'i'il um! Bl‘ttttlllA‘IHH‘. it) which lie co-

trred with Ben Vereeit, also added to
(-oldbhmt's reputatioit.

But his appearance iit Lawrence Ka'
(Ian's bittersweet comedy The Bit.r (.‘Iii/I
boosted (it)l(li)lllnl several notches above
the cult status lte had been attaining. As
a once- . licaljournalist no“ suct fully
employed as a go. ip-moitgering hack.
(loldblum was a standout among a t st
that seemed to include nearly every tal-
ented actor (William Hurt. Kevin Kline.
Mary Kay l’lace. (ileitn (ﬁlo _]olletlt
Williams) of the [tab boomer genera-
tioit. (‘ioldblum’s part represented all
irony and di tppoittliueut felt by litany
of the gentiatioit. As The Big Chill went
on to becoute an unqualified box ofﬁce
sticce s. ' datt gave major credit to
(loldblum s “comic genius.“

Next cattle another of those decep-
tively small appearances that end up
being a moviegocr's doittiitattl memory.
in The i‘llft't‘NItlI't‘J q/ Bur/turnip Itmizui lte
played I) titt surgeon Sidney Dwil I. who
dons ove iled cowboy gear. renames

DAVID ALEXANDER

The Big Chill
boosted Goldblum
above cult status.

A With Into the Night co-star Michelle

Pfeiffer, a dangerous romantic lead.

‘ In The Big Chill,an ex-radi'cal, laced

with irony.
himself “New It " aitd joins a comic
book-style criitteftghting army.

Goldblum then returned to telev‘ ion
a comedian Ernie Kov‘ iii the docu-
tlraitta Brtuwn the Lang/it. Kovacs. who
experimented boldly iii his early l’ ti
comedy show. is thought by many to ltave
been a genius.

"He as utuclt adored." . s (lold-
bltittt. iitd the " a group ol people
who really worship hint. Taking on that
cltaracter w . a real challenge."

Now comes Iii/o the Night. written by
Ron Koslow, (ioldbluit ' fll'Sl movie to
call ltis own. . fter stippoi itg the l . of
Donald Sutherland. Sam Shepard and
Pen \ eller. u s the tall. intetts guy's
turtt to be that "dang rous romantic

For this major career ep. (itiltllillllll
citjt ' powerful help belttitd tlte tamcra.
lulu the Night's director lohit Land
who has also directed I Iling l’larei.
Animal lltlli.\t' and The Blunt Brothers.

“1 think he‘s great." . Is Goldblum.
"He has the bt I kind of cntltu sin for
wor and it's inlcctious. He's great fun to
work with." I

llll’l\l(i\'ll'.l\l. llNl'

 

