 

 

 

 

2a Aspects I

Sour Sweet not all t

Sour Sweet by Timothy Mo
Aventura, distr. by Random House
paperback, 278 pp., $8.95

Timothy Mo repeatedly describes the correlation of yin
and yang with regard to tangible things people prefer to
overlook. Yin and yang can be seen as the contrast of
sweet and sour, female and male, placid and lethal, good
and bad. Things are readily categorized as good or evil. so
as to cause Sour Sweet to seem melodramatic.

M .0. Thomas

Dualism isn't necessarily unfavorable; it's nice to be able
to recognize any given character as good or bad. Problems
arise when only opposites are examined and shared
characteristics go unnoticed. When the Chen family is
brought into view, Mo spares no detail in telling how hard
this Chinese family works to get along in London. Mo pro-
vides equally detailed description of Chen's financial pro-
blems, son Man Kee‘s development from baby to
prepubescent, wife Lily's independent nature and ambi-
tion, sister Mui's support and understanding, and the mild-
ly eccentric lifestyle of grandfather Chen. The story swit-
ches back and forth between the Chen falnily and a tradi-
tional Triad society known as family Hung. Red Cudgel
acts as disciplinarian for this group of narcotics
distributors. White Paper Fan performs the leader's func-
tions: maximizing profits, eliminating competition from
rivals, training mindless underlings for careers in crime,
and mixing traditional methods of operation with the
demands of the modern world. Together the
longshoreman from Swatow and the Shanghai-lmrn
scholar form a volatile combination. While ilnporting and
distributing narcotics, fainin Hung also tinds time to dat»
ble in extortion and operate teahouses‘ as fronts for illicit
gambling establishments.

As surely as one cannot hope to create one half of a
dichotomy, one can't easily perceive right and wrong
without a token of knowledge of Dualism. The yin-yang
concept is heavily underscored in Sour Sweet: "When love
and hate are both absent, everything becomes clear and

 

 

 

“mam... m~ﬂawmn ‘
., . i v  sim- n.hta.»-ncw«t’»m. "Mm-5534. 5‘ '

 

April l2, 11985,

 

 

‘
M0’ M0 from 

undisguised; make the smallest distinction, however, and
heaven and earth are set infinitely apart." , g '
Rather than show only the violent nature of'the Anglo-
Asian underworld, the story is balanced by equal attention V
to family Hung and the Chen family. The Chens are con- .
cerned with improving their economic status through
lawful means, providing support for an ailing grandfather,
and also allowing Man Kee to develop an understanding 5%
of his heritage and be able to fend for himself when he can'
only rely on his own ability. Chen. while looking for a
low-risk method of supporting his father} unwittingly finds‘;
himself indebted tofamily Hung. Thislillicit organization. '
headed by Red Cudgel, White Paper.’Fan‘, Grassb‘andal,

 

 

I l

 
 
 
 

 

  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   

 

 

 

 ly‘ kill. "When men knowithey’ {taceiideatl
‘ 5' becomehrave and dangerous. What'ijoés'lie-
» You “mush/earn these things, little brother "

.‘,.involves:three'Hung famlly'hoods offering

 

 

hat hOt ‘ "  if?

and Night-brother, stops at nothing to ensure loyalty
within the family and exercise a firm hold on the narcotic
drugs market. V _ .

"Example is more effective when it suits the offense.
Bad to punish indiscriminately. You should apply in
measured doses, like medicine. Otherwise the recipients
get used to it. How can you frighten others with a greater
punishment when you need it?» When you 'ivishlto give

' , severe punishment you will have none to administer. You ’

will have exceeded the measure already. Then. you can on:
‘ then they

  
 
   
  
  

 

‘ ‘ln this particular instance, the indiscrimin

an unwilling extortion victim in.a darki'section.

' Place. The episode. containing'afgneatly graphicdes

of the three Hung members' pf0\vess~in.de'aliiig_ _
possible threat, is a prime example of familyf-lung's-steely
dedication to omnipotence. , . .1 "_   '_ ‘0‘
Timothy M0, the son of a Cantonese father and English

mother, was born in Hong Kong and received his educaiv'

tion there and in England. He’studiedvhlstory' at Qltford ,

and went on to join the ranks of The New Statesmqn’a'and
the Times Educational Supplement, Mo's first 'novelii'The
Monkey King. was published in 1978 in Englandm‘. ’ ' T

Mo's style is most easily compared with that’of Dickens

* and any number of nineteenth century writers of french“

, prose fiction, highlighted by a tendency. in SourtSwfee
for the line of plot to weary with ennui and tedium. lm-
agine, if‘you wil|,.a slug‘eating a large yellow leaf; .The
slug works slowly and carefully as it digests the leaf, paus-
ing maybe thrice to yawn and flex it's mtiscles. After five
hours, the slug is finished} the leaf‘is devodfed. The slug,
fat, happy, content, looks toward the;-sétti 3 sun and
travels to wherever slugs go at night. lilhle' 
marine biologist, you would be terribly f igued an
disenchanted after watching the activities‘of a slug. This is
a simple analogy which suggests that those who are not
deeply concerned with the workings of Dualism should
avoid tame and passive works like Sour Sweet. Those vilho

manage to get through it without becoming deletions With

boredom and slipping into 'a ‘coma may discover Timethy

Mo has the makings of a literary craftsman. ’ D

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Picture Take

 

.55

for

RCH 1985

rgn up now 6.6.305 '

 

 
   

 

 

 

  

       

 

 

$10 for Yearbook
$8 for Sitting Fee

SN FUNDED

 

 

April'~iz;_i9é3'5"  ' '   * ”  ' 

   

 

 

STORMY WEATHER; The Music and
Lives of a Century of lauwomen
By Linda Dahl
v Pantheon Books.
paperback, 370 pp" $12.95

   
    
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
    
   
   
    
    
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
    

 

    
 

m...

Welfare in

 

 

_ :jneui‘otics,‘

Welfare

Welfare ‘ ‘ ‘whou'do the fa go
it is an open system Yes I ’
Yet ' Yes by screaming

Yes byathe informal 
socialization of th '

it is my patch
it is my missiOn

Like garden variety We'll go ga ga.

 

 

ing‘ng the Blues

omens in , jazz in print

; ’thoroughly pleasurable. She

 

 

Aspects 3a

 

Stormy Weather is an impressive collec-
tion of information about women in jazz:
Author Linda Dahl has written a thorough,
well~researched text which she has divided
into five parts.

Stacey Kern

Part One discusses the beginnings of jazz
and the important role women played in it,
the_second part discusses female instrumen-

‘ talists, and the third part covers female

 

 

' vocalists. Part Four is entitled “Beyond the
v Fraternity," and Five is a collection of inter-

views with women from all different areas
in the field of jazz. In addition. there is a
sixty-page listing of recordings available by

. these artists. and a thiry page supplement

which contains information on those artists
not covered in the main body of the text
along with lyricists. bandleaders,
managers, producers,‘ some. incredible
I photographs of performers and bands. and

 

historical beginnings of jazz and traces it
back to its African roots,

Fince it is highly condensed, .Stormy
Weather is for the avid jazz fan or the
beginner who.wants to know everything,
because it's all here. The entire careers of
many well-known musicians such as pianist
Mary Lou Williams and singer Ella Fit'
zgerald are side by side with dozens of
lesser known and/or forgotten performers.
The stories told are often tragic and bit-
tersweet. ' They reflect the struggles of
these women to do what they did best in a
male-oriented society. More than one story
follows a highly successful career that had,
in the end. a crash landing. Many of these
women wound up impoverished ard
forgotten. Still, nothing could stop them.
Bandleader and Alto Saxophonist Ann Pat-
terson said, " l believe that if I'm
thoroughly prepared to do the job and I
have a way to let it be known that i can do
it, I'm going to get work."

H l '
In a sense, you weren’t really looked upon as a musi-

cian,.especially in the clubs. . .”

a list of the organizations which support

‘women in jazz.

Ms, Dahl combines the personal with

' the factual, and if there were not the great

need to condense all of thisinformation in-
to one book, the reading would he
quotes
statistics from newspaper clippings.
rumors, contemporaries of the artist. and
frequently the artist herself. One of the
themes which Dahl has concentrated on is
the obstacles faced by women: the "frater-
nity" of competitive male peiformers, the
grouping of instruments into genders (men
play horn,- women play harp! and other
chauvanistic attitudes and imlgeinents im-
posed upon female performers. Looking
back on her tenure with Woody l'lerman's
First Herd. vibraphonist Marjorie llyams
reflects. “in a sense, you weren‘t really
looked upon as a musician. especially in
the clubs... they just wanted you to look at-
tractive. ultra-feminine, largely because
you were doing something they didn't run-
sider feminine. Most of the time i just
fought‘ it..." Also, Dahl explores the

 

 

— Marjorie H ya ns

Yet despite the problems that these
women faced. there were indeed the good
times, The colorful descriptions of the
tanaries” that gr‘ced the big hands luring
the Depression provide a glimpse at the
gaity that was possible.

Even today, women are still fighlii g for
a plate in a "male" business. But, auoidmg
to Linda Dahl and must of the women \\ ho
\\ ere interviewed, the future looks promis~
ing. Contemporary janwomen e\hilul
great diversity in style and concept, and
they are often quick to take advantage of
the growing network of women's oigani/a-
tions and testivals. In addition, a small but
growing number are active in traditionally
all-male jazz bastions.

Stormy Weather is probably one ot the
most complete histories of ja/zwomen to
date, At times it reads like a textbook. but
the information contained is invaluable
The stories of these ja/lwomen. told I".
the ia/zwmnen themwlves. maki- |-'l
fascinating leading. Not to! the lt_\§ltl
reader, Stormy li’ealher is a must to! any
musit library and an important \ontnlnr
lion to the history of women and ja//

 

 
    
 
   

it is my domain young. _ ' ' '
Yes, ' i '
Yes i ' ‘
Welfare Yes without the help
it is a fair system of babysitters.“ '
Yet Yes ' ‘  
It is.. - In the jargon of the trade
Fairly. ‘ We’ll do it' I
inconsistent. Wefll‘do it Inithefield' -
» Yes"'i'--t".
Welfare , g '
We'll fare \ We’ll do the CO CO
Yes We'll go get hard
We'll squark for Cash ,. hard goods and '
Clash soft services.
No relief We'll go get a piece
No feed of the action.
Yet...yet YCS
Babe ' Welfare
Baby solution We'll get a crackeriack
Gui social worker
Family planning Yes
Anomie feeds my needs. Yes L
. ; Wellfare
We'll fare We'l fare
Y“ a V W6,” “0 ‘ .bylosle‘ph. John Kelly ,

 

 

 

  
 

 

