 


Four can be
a crowd

If you’re sharing an apartment downtown
with three friends, you could ﬁnd yourself
living uptown in a single room with three
strangers.

Confused? Consider this scenario; if_ you
live off—campus it could happen to you.

You’re sitting at home with your
housemates when Mike Alvaro, director of
code enforcement for the City of Albany,
comes to inspect your house. He ﬁnds that
you are violating the City’s grouper law
because there are more than three people
living in your house.

Soon after, you receive your eviction notice.
One of you has to move out. With few other
immediate options you contact the University,
which has generously offered to house any
evicted. students. But the University has
already ﬁlled its dorms so far beyond capacity
that 46 percent of this year’s frosh and

 

three or four to a single room.

Still, the University keeps its word and
offers you space in a dorm. That is, if you
don’t mind living with three other students.
You’ve got few alternatives so you take it.
Now, instead of three housemates you’ve got
three roommates. ‘

The preceding scenario is, admittedly, a
highly simplified version of the real eviction
process. Yet it does demonstrate the serious
housing problem facing the University and
inevitably the City as well.

Put simply, there isn’t enough housing
available for students. For years, the
University has avoided the issue by cramming
more and more students into the dorms. Last
year, the city made matters worse by
commencing enforcement of the grouper law,
potentially displacing more than 1,000
students.

The legislature has now given the University
an easy out by allocating funds for a new
400-bed housing complex on Fuller Road.
That’s a start, but the housing problem goes
much deeper than that, on and off campus.

Off campus, the grouper law has displaced
many more students than the new facility will
be able to accomodate. On campus, dorm
overcrowding is considered by residential life
to be a necessary means of keeping the dorms
filled throughout the semester.

The situation calls for some long-term
planning. Guaranteeing evicted students
housing in overcrowded dorms is not the
solution, it’s just another ironic dimension of
the problem.

One for
the Rose

Pete Rose has always been the type of per-
son to put in l00 percent. He doesn’t walk to
first base. He runs, even on a base on balls.
He slides head ﬁrst and he doesn’t hesitate to
go for an extra base. in short, his nickname
‘Charlie Hustle' is well-deserved.

Two days ago, Rose got his 4,192nd major
league hit, breaking one of baseball’s more
formidable records, previously held by Ty
Cobb. While this is indeed an outstanding
achievement, we salute Rose not for getting
one more hit than someone else, but for a long
and impressive baseball career marked by
perseverence and ‘hustle’, two traits that have
been his trademarks throughout his 23 years
in the majors.

We have not. however, forgiven him for
beating tip Bud Harrelson at Shea Stadium,
even if it was a long time ago.

 

 

transfers are living in increased occupancy,

 

 

 

c.

 

V

 

LETBS

 

Getting students to Vote

As you might have guessed by now i am one of those

people who have been pestering you on the dinner lines
with that same monotonous question, “Excuse me‘, have
you registered to vote yet?" A statement which has gotten
sticit responses ranging from ‘a courteous ‘lYe's, thank
.you. i have already registered for this coming year" to
certain comments pertaining to questionable promiscuous
activities that my mother might have been involved in.
Now i realize that a certain amount of verbal abuse is to

be expected and taken with a grain of salt, but it's‘

definitely something you take by the truckload when try-
ing to register one’s fellow students to vote. Then as my
housemate put it, “Larry, why the f--- do you do it?"
Sometimes i really don‘t know, but i'll tell you the same
story i told him.

[lorry Hartmann 7

“You know, John (his name is changed to protect his
apathy). i too was an ordinary college student with my
main concerns being trying to remember when rtiy next in-
lramural softball was, and trying to fight off my addic-
liott lo Snicker‘s bars. Then one day toward the end of
my freshman year, i said to myself ‘Larry (i call myself
Larry), ifyou have any desire to go to law school you bet‘
ter start packing your resume with stuff. because you‘ll
never get in with the grades you have.‘ The very next day i
took my first big step and put my name on the ballot to
rtin for Central Council, and 1‘" be damned, l won (i
didn't tell him that no one ran against me, it would ruin
the effect). From there i figured l'd just hang out and at-
tend the meetings and let life pass me by. But then
something really strange happened: out of nowhere, with
no premonition or inkling of its occurrence, i actually
started to care. Me, Mr. Apathetic, all ofa sudden actual-
ly caring about what was going on and caring about how
to help my fellow student.

The first thing I did was to call tip my parent’s to tell
llicni the news. My mom turned out not to be that much
help and stiggcstcd that i come ltontc and see the fatnin
doctor and said it was probably just something i ate. All i
heard of my dad was hint shouting in the background
"Rita. icavc hint alone, it‘s probably just a phase he's go-
ing tiirongli like when he used to eat the moths to attract
attention." i knew better though. The feeling was real
and lint just Itisi night's rtill to Taco Pronto for it bccf
burrito. and i decided to stick with it. ljoincd the Student
Aclioti Committee on Central Council and began to get
really involved ittitil l'vc finally gotten to where i am to-
day. nowhere. i mean Student Action Chair." That is
why i and the rcsl of the Student Actioti Committee have
been trying to register you to vote, but it goes at lot deeper
than that. too.

Voter registration and tile ttciuttl student vote has
become one ol'tlic hottest issues today iii New York State.
Hiiidctit ttctivisiii is on the i‘iSC, illiti this. cottplcd with
tccui‘d luritotns at election time, have niuny lociil unti

 

 

state officials now in fear of and courting the student
vote. As a united bloc of student voters wecan help to ef-
fect change and force our political leaders to listen to us
one way or another.

Students first started voting in their college comi-

' mitnities in tltc‘year of i980 here at SU NY Albany. After-

a long and ardouos court battle we finally secured the
right to vote here and. registered approximately: 500
voters. Ever since lhenthe numbers have been growing
and so has our influence in the local community. in fact,
last year we led the nation in voter registration as well as
in voter turnout and this year we‘re off to an even better
start. -

While on the grounds of the dreaded dinner lines i do
quite often get . asked the surprisingly almost semi-
interested question of “Why registér to vote in Albany?"
The answer though is relatively'simple.‘Albany is where
you live nine months out of the year for four years of
your life and it’s here that many issues will affect you.
Everything from the anti~Grouper law _(which prohibits
cohabitation of more than three unrelated persons in one
apartment) to off campus parties to the convenience of
your polling place on election day. These and many more
such as fraternity housing are issues that will have an ef-
fect on your life here at SUNYA, and are also ones
government officials have shown some enthusiasm in
cooperating with us.

Each year. as the student vote totals get higher and
higher, Albany officials are a lot more willing to work
with the students here. Last year. we held our first-ever
“Meet the Candidates Night" and all the candidates were
deeply impressed by the large student turnout. This year,
howev‘er, many of the candidates plan on actual cam-
paigning on the campus and to date one candidate has
even thrown a free party in the State Quad flagroom. On
Sunday, November 3, another “Meet the Candidates
Night" is planned to be highlighted by the presence of
Albany Mayor Thomas Whalen and to be followed by a
wine and chees reception (free, incidentally) where
students can meet the candidates one-to-one.

Most importantly, though, as students we must
remember that we must re-register every year in order to
be able to vote because our addresses are changing every
yetir as well. So unless you are living iii the exact same
room or for sortie strange reason you want to have pro-
hlcms on election day then please re-register. You can
look for the Student Action Committee again on the
titnitls or find its or NYi’iRG iii the Campus Center, we’ll
iiiWilyS be glad to help you register.

in case you're worried about John, i really must have
inspired him because the very next day after i had talked

to him he \vcnl otit and got himself arrested. Not on pur- '

pose or for ti cause or anything bitt hey. what ctin i say.
It‘stisttirt. "2'

 

Larry Hartrnttnn is the Student Association '5 Siti-
tleni Action Chair.

 

 

 

‘ 0
US. dilemma »
To the Editor: r » ' , '  .  ’.

There are'several thousand Central American"citizens,
separate from the armies at war, 'ying'irea'cherousiy
every month and the US; has been unable to do anything
about it. Why? g -.' _, ' .  j ' .

Apparently the United States'government allows the
.continued socio-economic repression instituted by

belligerents from all factions, pro and anti-U.S., to con: .

tinue because they believed it is best for this region to re-
main in turmoil and deprivation.

Behind the scenes. afterth‘elr rhetoric has appeased the I

American public, policy makers argue that the U.S. will

‘ suffer severe economic depression if Central America

should achieve a stabilized political climate.

At peace, the region will be an industrial and manufac-
turing boom-toWn. The percentage of American corpora-
tions that will relocate “South-of—the-Border" may pro-
pcli U.S. unemployment beyond 20 percent. - '

indeed. the U.S. justifies battling communism, 'biit ‘
realistically this is only legitimate in Nicaragua. But in the‘

other countries at war, they are afraid that conventional
modes of social ande‘ducationalfprogress will give rise to
competition for U.S. markets.   . ‘ ‘ ‘ '

Thusly, is it in our favor to encourage government an-
tagonism and factional warfare unfavorable'to U.S. co'r-
porations, labeling the whole as communism? L

Unfortunately, Americans ought to expect our cor-
porations to exercise some “responsible restraint," and
therefore sacrifice doubling and tripling their profits by
moving southward.” Howeve'r, the administration :policy
makers are correct iii predicting that U.S. firms will for-
sake American labor for Central American labor.

A stabilized Central America will provide, U.S. firms

with an abundance of eager labor and opportunities. _

Consequently the lay-offs of Americans would cause the
U .5. economy, and_Reaganomics especially-,‘Ito nosedive

. into a depression for low and middle class families.

The argument: First - Why should i pay $20/hour when
i can pay SS/hour to make a better product? Secondly »
Because of the closeness for transporting the merchandise
back into the USA l canin effect recapture 80 percent of
the market Japanese firms stole from me 25 years ago.
'l'itirdly.- i can buy stock in the many U.S. subsidized

transportation projects and: make an additional bundle,‘

privately, 2'... .1 .. . .. r .  ,- r
(“-And so inelight of the 'truth behind the Central

' American-conflict, perhaps it is time America asks itself

~~oine important questions; v
' And of course i will conceed ‘ that'therc are other
aspects to our policy down south, but certainly this aspect

é .. _. 

' aspﬁﬁis?

mutt Jo Grilll. Editor in Chisl
Dun Chang. Managing Editor

 

   

.Allcla Cimbora. James O‘Suillvan
Ilene Welnslaln
,‘.Loron Ginsberg

News Editor: ............ ..

 
   
  
 
 

 

s
Asholo Editor... .. .

 

 

Auooloto ASPociI Editor Ian Spell mg. Robyn Stein
Mum Flﬂllll erthI Eat
Sports Editors.  Mari: Barman. Kristine Sauei

.................. ..Joseph Fusco

Editorial Peon Stilton.
David L.l.. Lnkin. Senior Editor

Contributing Editors Dean Heir. John Keenan. Wayne Peeraboom. Editorial
Anllllnllt Kort Doinbaum. Belle Dramba. Pam Sehuslorinan. David Wer‘
lhoim all" writers: Donna Altman. Karon Back. Rachel Braslow. Leslie Chair.
Doroon Clark. inn Clements. Mike Dormansky. Roni Ginsberg. Lisa Jackal. Bill ‘
Jacobo. Stacey Kern. John Labalo. Coroy Lovllan. J. Michael Maloc. Michael
Skolniek

Margit nounthol. Business Manager
Stephanie Bchonoul. Assoc/ale Bus/nus Manager
.llold Midlanky. Advorlislnp Manager
Dari Fililohor, sales Manager

minim Mnrrthri Rani
Payroll Rug-MIN My Peron
Ciluiliod Manager ....................................................................... ..Frank Dlllborto
Advertising all": Karen Amoler. Frank Colo. Rich Llii. Advertising Produo~
tion: Liu Blehlor. otilae atoll: E Phillip Hoover. D. Daryl Slot

1 Patricia Olannola. Production Manager
Chris Coleman. Associate Production Manager
chicl Typololtu. ........ .. Jeannine Dianuzzo
Typllloi Joan Christiano. Jodi Jneotin. Pain Straubar up: Lisa Harrison.
E. Pnlilip Hoover, D. Dnirol stat. MD. Thompson. Chnulleur. Jim Ltiliy

  

Photography principally luppllod by University Photo Slrvloo. a student

group.
Chill Photographer: Koniiy Kirsch UPS Bull: Shari Albeit. Maria Culltnri. Juiin
Curry.‘Lynn Druilus Robert Hnnerrittnn. Ezra Mower. Cnrls Oralni. Lian Slin-
irioria, Ericu Splunoi. Howard ngar

Entire contents copyright 10% Albany Student Prul Carper-lion, all right-
rourvod.

The Albany Student Press Ill published Tlluadltyu arid Fritluya liulwnun
Annual and Jam! by "It! Albany Slutiont Firms Corporation. tin irrilupundunl
not-lorprolil corporation. '

Editorials are written by the Editor in crust with niuinhuis oi iliu lztiilortal
Board; policy in subject to review try the Editorial Board Advertising policy
does not necessarily rolleut editorial policy. .

Mailing address:
Albany Giuliani Press Go 320
I400 Wealilnulon Ave.
Albany. NV 12222 I

*_ Tera}... an;

 

is majoritively speaking.

Knowing that peace in Central America will seriously
effect our U.S. economy, is it right to conduct a policy
Which protracts'war in the region and slaves off their
legitimate revolution for democracy and freedom? if so,
then America must “directly” assume the responsibilities

' of thousands who are going to lose their lives. is this not

so? .

if not, is America prepared to deal with an economic
crisis of the nature reminiscent of the 1920‘s and ’30’s.
Are our American moral and ethical values in freedom
and democracy worth self-imposing 20 percent

j unemployment?

In the final analysis, it is by far easier to follow the cur-
rent policy. The possibility of the economic crisis which
will follow if Central America stabilizes will undoubtedly
create the greatest challenge to the U.S. known in our
history. ' _ '

I The problem in Central America isn't political
anymore, can 'we say instead that the problem is that
Americajs afraid of the challenge Peace will present to

us? -’ = .
—Fred Tobaracci

rt) the Editor:
in 1966 .l_ohn Fotia and Jeff Mishkin, both SUNYA
students, decided to organize a Telethon for Mental
Health. The twenty-two hour unlelevised .Telethon was
~the first event held in the Ballroom of the newly-built
Campus Center.
Twenty years and. close to $500,000 later, Telethon has

‘ grown to become one.of SUNYA’s most active campus

groups. , , , _

Each year Telethon raises.money for Albany-area child
oriented organizations. Otir programming throughout the
your attempts to raise money, for worthy causes, unite

'SUNYA students with the Albany community and
enhance school spirit. "

Telethon '86 would like to invite groups, students,
faculty and the community to join us in celebrating our
twentieth anniversary. This semester watch for Afternoon
ill the Bars, Rock and Roll Warfare and Holioween‘Night
at the Rat. ‘ ‘ I

Join us and be a part of history. ‘ "

I , — Suzanne Murphy

Lisa Buiteltant
Telethon '86
(To-Chairs

pin-pr... . r.. . ._

Star Wars costs

,To the Editor:

in the conting weeks. the U.S. Congress will determine
the appropriations levels for fiscal l986 for the ad-
ministration's Strategic Defense initiative, or. Star Wars.
Since the president unveiled his Star Wars vision in 1983,

. .x-w- 7 r-f“"r~ 2- t- - T

the concept has been the subject of intense debate in Con-
gress, among our allies and in the world’s scientific com-
munity: if approved as envisioned by the administration,
Star Wars would cost an estimated $26 billion in the next
five years, and perhaps 570 billion in the next eight years -
for research alone. The ballpark figure most experts agree
is needed to actually deploy a space-based, anti-ballistic
missile system is in the realm of 5! trillion.

But Star Wars will not be built in a vacuum. Already.
the Soviet Union has made it clear that such a system
would have disastrous, perhaps irreparable effect on
superpower relations. A new arms race in space would be
sure to follow, placing the future of humanity in deeper
jeopardy. .

As the Pentagon has moved to spend those funds
already appropriated for Star Wars research, it has turn-
ed to America’s universities for the scientific expertise
needed to unlock the secrets to a successful Star Wars
system. This research windfall has led to serious soul:
searching within our halls of learning about the role that
academia should take in designing this system. .

it is my contention that most Americans have not yet
considered what Star Wars really implies. in our society,
decisions on whetheror not to proceed on this course
should be the culmination‘of serious public debate. i hope
that you and your- fellow students, examine Star Wars
more closely, and to subsequently inform your elected
representatives of your conclusions. ‘
i  ' ' " —Rabert .l. Mrazek
Member of Congress

.More access

" To the Editor:

1 notice that the University has begun to dig up the
earth on the east side of the gymnasium as it prepares to
construct a multi-miliion dollar field house. i understand

. that this facility will be used for indoor athletic events.

concerts, etc.
Some of the bigger news on campus this fall is that
SUNYAwill also begin construction on a 400 bed garden...
apartment style dormitory on land across Fuller Road.
. These are valuable projects. A fieldhouse will certainly
improve the social and cultural life at this school and
there-is a demonstrated need for more housing due to
overcrowding‘and the Grouper Law. '
Still, with all the emphasis on new construction
something very' important has been overlooked. Why
isn’t anything being done tomake it easier for handicap-
ped students to negotiate the podium? i realize that the
podium is already very accessible now, but to get to a
class ahandicapped person often must go a good distance
out of his or her way and encounter barriers that others
don't notice. '

With all the new construction (the money came from
somewhere) i would hope that in the future more atten-
tion will be paid to making the campus even more accessi-

ble to the handicapped.
—-Kevin Kuhn

 

The ASP welcomes letters from readers.

Items must include the author’s name'and

phone number for veriﬁcation.

 

 

= YOULL' Levi: lT! I i
v ViElNAMa IRAN e mews/tour.
GUST LlKE TIME!

 

,/

 

 

 

 

(Elli) 442~600515660I6862

 

 

 

