  

ecember 6, 1985

' "Decembei'rﬁ, “1985

 

 

   

UniVersin r
{ Board I

 

tJillilEH til Fiftiﬁtl'llﬁ lillill'l

WITH

ROGER T

DALTREY

my me may meet? mm
in HIS EtHTH E HEEL us. EunEEEr j

DECEMBER 12 8 PM
PALACE THEATER i

“n-

°‘ , l'ltliSliNTSil l‘lilti' Sl'litilill. EVENING

 

TICKET POLICY

$17 WITH TAX CARD
$20 WITHD

Limit four tickets per tax card

 

UT

SA Funded

  

 

aving already devoted this past ye
H to the music of lohann' Sebastian

 

 

  

 

 

RipRec

Rip Roc Bop prove-alto be the) tip-tum:

phant band of the five warn'ng fac-
tions competing in Telethon '86's
Rock and Roll Warfare. Battle of the Bands
entertained and involved a small, but en-
thusiatic crowd in the choice of who would
win recording time courtesy of Conception
Records, with a'single to be distributed on
Blotto Recordsg ,_ 
L ‘ P .
Paul DeGeorgio :

The 350 people, many of whom spent
their last "legal" Albany Saturday evening
at Albany‘s lB's Theatre, danced, sang
along, and supported Dirty Face, Dresden
Pink, Rip Roc Bop, Roger Wilco and the
Radio Waves, and ESP. While only one
band received
November 23, they were all winners.

Taking the stage first, Dirty Face was
burdened with the task of grabbing the
crowd and setting the exciting pace for the
night, both of which they did handily. This
Albany trio has a lot of energy, which they
convey in their music, especially original
compositions "identity" and the bass heavy
"Dog." if there was one weak point to the
performance, it would have to be the
limited interaction between the band and
the crowd.

l’ll be the first to admit, it was tough to
involve a crowd, particularly if many of
the audience members haVen't seen you
before, but this hurdle didn't stop Dresden
Pink from trying. A bit stiff, but amazingly

 

 

tight for a band with limited rehearsal time, _

Dresden Pink’s lead singer, Terri Hoenig,
summed up the evening with one phrase,
"What are you guys standing so still for?”
Hoenig, former Bang Zoom vocalist, has a
riveting stage presence. While the band did
have its strengths, such as drummer Kevin
Grace’s use of traditional and electronic
equipment in a very unique manner; the

Sclatti

     
     
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
   
    
 
   

    
 

ar

 

Bach (1685-1750) and Georg
Friedrich Handel (1685-1759), on
November 23rd the Music Department
recognized the achievements of the third ilv
lustrious composer born in 1685,
Domenico Scarlatti (1685-1757), with a
thoroughly enjoyable harpsicord concert in
the Recital Hall of the Performing Arts
Center.

Barbara Abrahamer

Findlay Cockrell, of SUNYA’S Music
Department, and guest artist, William Car-
ragan, a physics professor at Hudson
Valley Community College, carefully plan-
ned a program of eleven Scarlatti sonatas
that represented well the three major styles
through which the composer's work pass-
ed. Carragan explained that of Scarlatti's
more than 500 keyboard sonatas, pieces
numbered in the 100's are “flamboyant,”
sonatas in the 200's are “thoughtful,” and in

 

 

the grand prize, on .

 

.    

set was disappointingly anti-climactic, ue
mostly to the heavy reliance on cover
material. A young band, l have the feeling
Dresden Pink will pull it all together and if
they can fill a set with originals such as
their "Changing" you'll see and hear a lot
from them.

The night was a competition and every
band performed to the hilt, but Rip Roc
Bop hit the stage and performed like they
knew they would win at the night's end.
The Albany rockers played a well-paced
set to a crowd peppered with supporters,
with a basic but professional performance
of two guitar rock with an interesting smat-
tering of horn interaction. With their tight
harmonies and musical credibility, the
band seemed to enjoy themselves, and that
is what it’s all about.

On the other side of the professionalism
coin was Rome,‘ N.Y.’s Roger Wilco and

the Radio Waves. The band put on a con- ,

cert instead of playing a set. Nothing
wrong with that, but in its place, of course.
The rapid fire session of songs, including
“New York City to London" from' their EP
'Histroy, seemed to take'th'e crowd ‘by sur-

 

 

 

     

prise, and it may have been a double edged
sword for the-band.

I'm sure the next time R.W. and the
R.W. play the area, they’ll draw a good
crowd out of the people who saw them at
Rock and Roll Warfare, but in a competi-
tion for fledgling groups with a single as a
grand prize, a band with an El’ out that
puts on a stage show better than some . . .
o.k., a lot . . . of groups with huge recor-
ding contracts might cause a listener to
raise an eyebrow or two. But they are hot
live.

By the time 1:30am. rolled around, the
crowd had faded to less than half. That,
along with the less than mediocre perfor-
mance of "impressionist" Sam Kaido, slow-
ed the pace of the evening to a near crawl.
This is what the last band up, Schenec-
tady’s ESP, had to work with - and they
did. Vocalist Marie Fiorello is as near to a
perfect front person as a band can hope for,
energetic and just ﬂashy enough without
letting the image cover the band. Besides
playing an all original set, ESP.worked the
sparse crowdl‘like a full house, and as’they

bttle

 

 

     

   

played, from the opening “Stranger” with
guitarist Mark Luce on vocals, to the last
song, more people drifted to the dance
floor. it's too bad only a fraction of the
people who originally set out for the even-
ing saw them.

The judges - Sarge Blotto, Ed Carbone
and Leif Larson of Conception Records,
Barbara Swartz from University Concert
Board, Bob Miller of Telethon, Carol
Kover of the Albany Library's Rock Series,
The Stomplistics' (last year's winner)
guitarist Bernie Mulleda, and myself - bas-
ed their scoring on musicality, originality,
performance, and audience reaction.
WCDB DJ Adam Fass kept the beat going
between sets and there was a general com-
raderie among the bands, both backstage
and at the bar between sets.

I’ve always believed that competitions
such as this bring out the best in bands, as
well as the best in a band; Telethon '86’s
Rock and Roll Warfare proved my point.
Besides, it raised a good amount of cash for
Telethon, and, as we all know. it's for the
kids. Cl

honored at PAC

the 300's the music "breaks loose
again. . . withlarge oppulent textures.”
Carragan started the concert by playing
the Sonata in C minor KJ] (1738) and the
Sonata in E major K46 (1742). The second
piece was especially characteristic of
Scarlatti's affinity for .writing startling
pauses and sharp dissonances into his

' music.

After intermission, the program turned
to Scarlatti’s later sonatas ~o sonatas Car-
ragan described as "calling forth ex-
travagant textures" with an "economy of
thought." Cockrell began with the Sonatas
in E major KJBO and KJBI (1754), two
works embodying many typical Scarlatti
trademarks. The first sonata of the pair in-
corporated rapidly playing notes with

. . . pie'cesrnumbered in the 100’s are “ﬂamboyant,” sonatas
in the 200’s are "thoughtful," in the 300’s the "music breaks

loose again. . .

with large, opulent textures. ”

 

 

These two sonatas were the evening's
only pieces played individually, as oppos-
ed to being a multiple arrangement. The
majority of Scarlatti’s sonatas appear to
have been conceived in pairs, or occa-
sionally triplets, as were many of the
keyboard works of his ltalian
contemporaries. .

Cockrell then played the Sonatas in A
major K.113 and K.114 (1749), two much
livelier pieces from Scarlatti’s flamboyant
period of extravagant handcrossings and
developing keyboard techniques. The
crossover technique was especially exciting
to watch and Cockrell always seems to en-
joy performing these particular sonatas.
There were a few flaws, but it has been
said that a note~perfect rendition of many
Scarlatti sonatas can remove their sense of
difficulty and excitement.

The second phase of Scarlatti’s sonatas
was well represented by Carragan's perforv
mance of the Sonatas in E minor K.I98 and
K103 (1752). Before beginning, Carragan
said that although the numbers of the
sonatas do not indicate that thev are a pair,
he believos they do belong together. These
sonatas were indeed more "thoughtful" as
they retained a certain vivacity, yet re~
malned softened by mellower qualities.
Their slower tempt and many pauses were
handled well by Carragan.

 

what Carragan called "spicy thirds" and
managed to imitate to sound of blaring
trumpets. Also, for the first time, the upper
keyboard of the harpsicord was used, a
remarkable feat to watch for the non-
keyboardist.

The second of the pair also utilized the
upper keyboard, with the upper keys
repeating what the lower keys had just
played, but in a different tone. in this
sonata, the switch to the upper keyboard
was also more rapid, which Cockrell
managed more than ably.

He then played the Sonatas in C major
K485, K486, and K487 (1756). The
theme of the second sonata of the trio
sounded a bit like part of the melody heard
in the Sonata in A major K.113 heard
previously during the evening, but the
tempo was now quicker and the tone
higher, producing a different effect. The
third of the trio was a demanding piece
calling for more “forte” from the harpsicor-
dist, which Cockrell skillfully provided.
Scarlatti’s penchant for dramatic and
showy keyboard techniques was evident in
the many thrills and leaping arpeggios the
work possesses.

Carragan closed the concert with the
Sonatas in C major K501 and K502.
(1756), which he affectionately dedicted to
his wife "in honor of 20 years of hap-

 

piness." He chose the right pair to dedicate,
as these sonatas drew his finest perfor-
mances of the evening.

Between pieces, Cockrell and Carragan
provided the audience with helpful com-
mentaries on Scarlatti and his music, ad-
ding much to the enjoyment of the pieces.
Cockrell, especially, demonstrated why he
is such a favorite keyboardist in the Capital
District. He took it upon himself to em-
phasize the differences in tone quality bet-
ween a piano and a harpsichord. Quickly
darting backstage to a piano, he played a
few notes and then dashed back onstage to
play the same notes on the harpsichord,
which has a lower pitch.

Cockrell followed with a short talk on
the mechanics of a harpsichord and he
noted that the two harpsichords onstage
utilized different methods of tuning,
French and German, which produces two
slightly different sounds.

Since many of Scarlatti's most striking
musical effects. such as register alternations
and contrasts of chords and dissonant notes,
can be diminished when played on a piano
instead of a harpsichord, Cockrell noted his
satisfaction at being able to use the more
appropriate instrument. He playfully ex-
plained that Scarlatti had just phoned him
the other day and said, “Aren't you glad
you’re going to play these (sonatas) on the
harpsichord?"

“Frankly, Scarlatti, l love it," he replied.

Not content with merely performing
and explaining Scarlatti's music to the au~
dience, Cockrell had discharged from the
library its collection of Scarlatti sheet music
to make it available to the audience during
intermission. While members of the au-
dience perused the music laid out on the
stage, Cockrell and Carragan happily
answered any questions that arose.

Overall, the concert, which was more
popular than the previous few Faculty
Showcase Concerts, was enjoyable
musically and more than educational. Cl

 

 

