 

 

 

Making policy

The Central Council subcommittee on in-
vestigations oversight and analysis set out to
help create a stronger and more coherent base
for SA elections, and to refocus the elections
process on platforms and ideas, rather than
policy infractions committed by the
candidates.

Their ﬁnal report offers some innovative
ideas to that end, and clearly reflects a lot of
carefully compiled research, but it seems that
for many of the problems it solves, it merely
creates new ones.

The most glaring of these is a new idea for
student association funding for SA presiden-
tial and vice-presidential campaigns. Student
association would provide up to $150 in mat-
ching funds for any presidential or vice-
presidential candidate drawing more than 20
percent of the vote.

This does provide lower income students
with the opportunity to run an all-out cam-
paign, except they’ll have to lay out a lot of
money in hopes of garnering 20 percent of the
vote. Not even some of SA’s most determined
contenders have in the past, drawn this much
support. SA would probably ﬁnd that the on-
ly students who could count on being eligible
for matching funds would be SA ‘insiders’.

‘Outsiders’ like Paco Duarte. who got ll
percent of the votes last year, or Bill McCann,
who got about eight percent of the votes two
years ago, would not have been eligible,
despite running very impreessive campaigns.
Matching funds might be a good thing to try,
but the voter requirements should be around
ten percent, so that the funds are accessible to
most serious candidates.

The subcommittee also recommmends

eliminating the polling place in Brubacher'

Hall on Alumni Quad. since the “densest
population” is in Alden/Waterbury. This
might save SA a little money and a few
hassles, but it‘s at the expense of accessible
elections. All other on-campus students vote
on their dinner lines, Why should Brubacher
be the exception?

Another change the subcommittee recom-
mended was to lift the 1500 limit on campaign
ﬁyers (hand-outs). They reasoned that these
flyers promote more personalized campaign-
ing, and that candidates need to offset the in-
fluence of the campus media. In the past.
campaign materials have been limited to en-
sure that no candidate can buy an election
while another is priced out of an otherwise fair
race. Ensuring equal access should be SA's
first priority on this matter. but the removal
of any campaign spending limit could exclude
some students from the election process.

One vital addition to the policy that was not
addresssed at all in the subcommittee report is
a procedure for informing the public of the
results of an election. The ASP has, in the
past. had difficulty reaching the elections
commissioner. Results posted outside the SA
office have been tampered with. Part of SA’s
duty to its constiuents is to keep them inform-
ed on who their representatives are. It should
be written into the elections policy that the
commissioner is responsible for notifying the
campus media of the result as soon as they are
available.

The subcommittee's report did contain a lot
of good ideas. such as an SA-run candidates
forum, and a lottery to fairly divide sheet sign
space in the campus center.

All this still has to be written into formal
policy by Central Council's internal affairs
committeee, and thn approved by council.

The overhaul of SA elections policy is long
overdue. it's essential however, that SA of-
ficials remain conscious that the policy should
serve their constituents, not their political
future.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Advice from an Old Warrior

Second of two parts

The modern multiversity has itself become one of the
massive bureaucratized systems of the society it prepares
you for. reflecting the dominant forces directly, in-
culcating the dominating culture. Sociologists still talk of
studenthood as a moratoriumtime. a delay of social
adulthood; but in a deep sense, that’s nonsense. This is it.
kid; you‘re in the thick of it already. Your school is a fair
replica of institutional society; and your schooling is
already the experience it prepares you for.

For throughout its operations, your school has a
shadow program. a meta-curriculum active in each par-
ticular course, each transaction with the Registrar. Its
normal processes teach you to divide yourself from others
through specialization and sub-specialization; to accept
hierarchical systems of status and decision-making; to ex-
pect and depend on authoritative direction of what you
should do and how to do it; to work and learn in
mechanized periods having no natural relation to your
own needs and energies. in groups formed and dissolved
by institutional processes rather than their own dynamics;
and so on. Through all this it teaches also a deeper lesson,
of passive and unconscious adaptation to the institutional
order itself as the state of nature.

The relations and experiences you school yourself in
now, prepare you for what lies ahead. Waiting till after
you graduate to assume some non-passive relation to the
institutions that serve and govern you, is like waiting till
you get rich and powerful enough to “really be able to do
something about social injustice." I don’t mean that you
can’t; but it's a lot harder to get around to doing it, unless
you've been practicing.

So you work for divestment, or whatever. and bless the
university even as you curse its administration’s
resistance. for giving you the chance to practice. For your
school's doing its proper job after all, in an ironic but
precious sense. by providing you a rich ground on which
to learn the vital lessons that no courses cover. that
prepare you indeed for life in modern society.

Here you can learn how to find and share resources in
the institutional wilderness. Here you can learn how to
deal with bureaucratic systems for your needs and rights,
and to preserve your sense of self in the dealing. Here you
can learn how to make your personal imprint on the im-
personal: how to deal off with authorities to get your own
patch of turf on which to exercise self-direction; how to
work alone and with others to affect the processes and
decisions that affect you; and how to change the whole
for better. or at least to try.

This is some of the learning your school offers. once
you step beyond the stance of passive passage through its
system. Or rather. this is your counter-schooling. the
thrust of a different response to the same circumstance.
providing you with technical skills and more, restoring
what is withered by the institutional process: directness
and connection. integrity and autonomy.

Your Job Making You

So you work for divestment, or for whatever else mat-
ters. because the work joins you with others isolated in
the lnachinery's compartments. cuts across the divisions
of discipline. class. color. status. connects you in a com-
munity engaged together in coming to grips with what
matters to all. You do it to help call this community itself
into being; you do it to help call yourself into being. to
learn who you can be and what you can do in this

By Michael Rossman

connection. ~

You get involved not only to help make this institution
respond, but to make yourself a person who responds. a
person who can help make social machinery responsive.
For you yourself are the most precious product of your
action. as important as the community it engenders and
the end it achieves. Your own learning, your own growth,
are your action's gift to the future -— to your future, and
to ours, for you need to know your potency as a citizen,
and we need you to know too. .

To say that you get involved to prepare yourself as an
agent of democracy. makes campus activism sound like a
boot-camp for professional do-gooders — and worse.
makes the impulse and training seem so dreadfully ex-
terior. There’s just no adequate language to speak of your
citizenship as if it were an intimate personal quality, as
complex and tangible as your musculature, your emo-
tions, your mind. Yet it is indeed another sort of body
that you wear in the world from within, that develops
through your exercise, that your exercise for the same
reasons you exercise your muscles, your feelings. your
mind — from sheer existential pleasure. just because you
can; and to make yourself whole. healthy, capable, to
make yourself who you can be for the long run. And also.
of course. because you must: for your citizenship obeys
the same stern law as your strength, your compassion.
your analytic power: Use it or lose it.

All this is reason enough to work for divestment or
whatever. But beyond this, as a student, as a learner, you
have special reason to “become a social activist." You do
it to learn in practice a different set of lessons about lear-
ning itself, than your school teaches you; and to become a
different sort of learner. For this study is your own
choice. unassigned. It offers you the chance to choose not
only the subject but how to approach it. what resources to
use, what information to seek; to choose who you learn
with and who you learn from; and to follow the learning
wherever it may lead. It invites you to learn how to form
your own view among conflicting evidences: and requires
that you be your own judge of the learning and come
quence. though not alone and with history’s aid.

In such ways and more, your activism can be a specific
antidote. or at least a healing balance. to the lessons of in-
stitutional studenthood. For these are the habits and
capacities of a self-directed learner, that prepare you as a
free and potent citizen of a community of learning, and
of a democratic society —— and prepare you. quite
mudanely, for most of the learning you’ll be faced with
for the rest of your life. at least outside your job.

Of course it's easy enough to fall this curriculum even
while working for the good. by recreating in your ac-
tivism the some habits of authority-centered learning that
the institution teaches. depending on authoritative ﬁgures
to define what‘s important and how to approach it. to
assign your roles and judge your performance, and so on.
There’s no charm against this. but only your clarity and
will to persist in becoming your own person. with the help
of your friends.

So you work for divestment or whatever. and try to
make the work itself reﬂect your goals. You try to make
the group. the action. the movement embody equity and
mutual care; you work to have your rightful say within it
as well as through it, and to make it responsive to all. So
simple to pose. this curriculum of democracy; you could
spend a lifetime learning how. might as well keep on get-
ting started now. O>

 

A.—
_

l

 

  

«itis’u'sn-u.
.. .,.

V e n'd in g f r e
_ e d o m
To The Editor: '

We feel that the recent University action prohibiting in-
dividual vendors from selling on the SUNY Albany
campus is wrong. These students had been able to offer
students bargains on a variety of items. This policy
prevents student vendors, who have enough courage and
creativity to start their own'business. from doing so. In
addition, thevpolicy was put'into effect without seeking
student opinion. Many students purchased items before
retuming to school and are now not permitted to sell
these goods. Is this fair? Students in need of money just
to continue their education can no longer supplement
their income by vending on campus]. As in the case of the
new 21 year old alcohol purchase age. students are being
given lees opportunity to make their own decisions in the
market place; Over-regulating supply and demand puts
contraints on the freedom we enjoy as Americans.

— Bruce Welnfeld
Young Republicans

Defends ASP Sports

To the Editor:

This is in response to Keith Marder’s “letter” that ap-
peared in the October 22 issue.

Mr. Marder contended that Dennis Murphy, an Albany
State defensive lineman. has not received the recognition
he deserves. To this statement I agree, Murphy has had an
excellent season so far.

However, I disagree with Mr. Marder’s tactics of
criticizing ASP football reporters.

In Tuesday’s game story, (which had to have been writ-
ten before Tuesday) it was impossible to mention that Mr.

 

 

. ﬂaw

Ellwllllrod In l9"
Heidi J. (Julio. Editor In Chlof
Dun clung. Manna/no Editor

 

 

 

 

 

Nam Editon.............. .Aliela Clmbora. James O'Sulllvon
Associate Now- Edllor .................... ..llene Wolnctcln
ASPOcII Elm" ‘ _ | Men Ginsberg
MIMI.“ ASMII Editor .......................................................... ..isn Spelling
I‘ll-In nan... erhnnl Eek

Sponl Ed or " ‘ ' "
Editorial Page: Editor ..................................................................... ..Jocoph Fucoo

John Kern-n. Senior Editor

Conlrlbullng Edllon More Barman. Dean am. David L.L. Loskln. Wayne
Peereboom Edllorlol Aulolnnlc: Karen E. Book. Rachel Braclow. Pam Con-
way. Kan Dornbnum. Belle Dzamha, Bill Jacob. Mike MacAdom. Brenda
Schoollcr Preview Editor: Pam Schuslorman all" wrllcro: Jlm Avery. Dove
Blolle. Lullc Chlll. Ethan Chazln. lan Clements. Andrea Carson. Mlkc Dor-
mancky. Llcn Jacket. David Kass. Stacey Kern. Mark Kobrlncky. John Locale,
Corey Lovlltln, Caryn Mlska. Palor Sands, Keven Schlomy. Flick Swanson.
Mich-cl Skclnlck. Angelina Wang

Marple Rounlhnl. Business Manager
Slophlnlq Sehcnoul. Aesoelalo Business Manager
Mlurc Kcllcll. Jacki Mldlcnky. Advanlalnp Managers
Don Flclclm, Sales Manager

altllng Amy sub...
PayrolISuporvllor “ “ '
Cllulllod  Dlllborlo
Advorllnlng all": Karon Amotor. Frank Colo. Cammy Dlvlngllo. Drew Fung.
Rich Lill, Mlchollc Pllnll. Donna Senralcor Advorllllng Production: Grog
Behrandl. Eileen Chan. Jill Gonllla. James Horner. Kollh Krougnlo. Alyn
Maraolln. Anncllo Muller. Sharon Reed. Eric Roth Oilloo sun: Lisa Elehlcr.
Jonnllor Chocolcc. Rob Morlnolll

 

 

Polrlolo Ollnnoll. Production Manager
Klulcn Crlcl. almn Fllhorly. Assoclnlo Production Manager!
cM'I‘I’um-nOl-r lnnnnln- mmuuo
Typlcll: Lourl Bllml. Tracie Paul. Pam alrnubor. Holdup: Nancy
Grammar-co Flood. E. Phillip Hoover. D. Darrel em, M.D.Yhomplon. Sonia
Valentin chbullour: Jim Lolly

Pholoqrcphy principally Iuppllod by Univmlly Photo Scnloo. I Itudonl

l0“ .
ghlofl’holoouphor. Kenny Klrooh UPD Stall: Mich-oi Ackcrmln. Sheri Albert.
Myrna Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Drcllul, Chuck Ginsberg. Ezra Maurcr. Merit
Mrdlrvlllo, Lin Simmons. Llnnu Spoiling. Erlco Splogot. Tonya Steele. Cathy
Stroud. Howard Tyalr. Mark Vworolll

Enler oonlonlo copyright 1m Alb-"y student Frau Carper-lion. I" right-
mcrud.

The Albany aludcnt Prou in uubllohod Tuudoyc and Frldayc bulwun
Mount and Jun by the Albany Bludonl Frau Corporation. an lndopondonl
not-lor-prollt corpcrotlan.

Edllorlrll or. written by the Editor In Chlol with members at the Editorial
Bond; policy to cubical lo review by the Editorial Board. Advortlllna policy
do" not naooulrlly rclloot odllorlll polloy.

Malling Iddrul:
Albany Biudlnt Pun. cc 320
1400 thlnolon Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(019) “2&005/6600/6662

 

Murphy was selected to the All-East Team because it
hadn’t been announced yet. The reporter, however. did
mention that Mr. Murphy had a solid game. After inspec-
tion of the local newspapers. no such recognition was
reported.

Mr. Marder either didn't read Friday’s football story.
or he read it carelessly. The writer reported that Mr. Mur-
phy was chosen to the All-East team.

Mr. Murder could have used the space better if he
wrote of Mr. Murphy’s value to the Danes. instead of
putting down ASP reporters, where criticism was uncall-

ed for.
- Mark Chesnut

Late buses to run

To the Editor: .

A late night bus service has been contracted with
CDTA to provide students with bus runs Friday and
Saturday nights. Concurrently. CDTA regulations will be
in effect for all CDTA buses involved. It is a CDTA
policy that no open containers are to be allowed on the
bus. Anyone found violating this regulation will not be
allowed to ride. The bus will stop only on designated bus
stops previously determined on standard SUNY bus
schedules. ‘

To explain the delay in contracting a bus service for the
late night weekend run, consider the difﬁculty involv-
ed...The main problem deals with the fact that no
reputable bus company wishes to subject their drivers or
their equipment to excessive abuse, which has been a
deﬁnite-problem in the past ‘whenever SUNY students
were involved. '

CDTA has agreed to provide this service on a condi-
tional basis only. If the drivers and or bus is abused in any
way. either verbally or physically, this service will be im-
mediately terminated at the.discretion of CDTA.

' This service is paid for through the Student Association
as a service for the student body. The behavior of the
students using this service is the sole determinant of
whether or not this contract will be withdrawn. Once
withdrawn. the students will have to ﬁnd their own
transportation (cabs) and have only themselves to blame.

This service is provided for SUNY students only. Pro-
per ID. will be required. No bus tickets will be necessary
for these particular runs.

Friday leave circle at 1:30 a.m., 2:30 a.m.
leave Wellingtbn at 2:00 a.m., 3:00 a.m. -‘

Saturday leave circle at 12:30 a.m., 1:30 a.m., 2:30 a.m.
leave Wellington at 1:00 a.m.. 2:00 a.m., 3:00 a.m.

— T. J. Star

SA Transportation Director

Refutes letter

To the Editor:

As I read the letter of Akbar Anwari, I was overcome
with horror and shame —- horror that such primitive ig-
norance can still exist in an institution of higher learning,
and shame thatthat such glaring nescience should find
one square-inch of space in the ASP. In time. however.
the horror subsided and was replaced by the realization
that Mr. Anwari's' letter provides us with a rare oppor-
tunity to explore the tenuity of the arguments employed
against millions of people because of their affectional
orientation. So, forthwith. let us examine Mr. Anwari‘s
letter —— one lie at a time.

The brief letter begins with the observation that
Claudia Myer. in her article. “did neglect one
point,....exclusive homosexuality is not biologically nor-
mal." Of course it does not occur to Mr. Anwari that
such a _"point" was not neglected at all; it was rejected as
untrue. The word “normal” is defined in the New
American Webster Dictionary as I) conforming to a cer-

Advice
‘5 Good Luck

All this may seem a bit much to hang on the slender.
hesitant thread of your early participation. Following the
news. listening at the noon rallies. a few talks with
f riends, a book looked into. joining a march across cam-
pus —- it doesn't amount to much yet. hardly enough to
trouble your studies. Yet these are the issues, the stakes,
that even your most tentative participation involves; these
are the social and personal potentials that resonate in
your simplest actions. inviting your to explore and realize
them further.

Or so it seems to me now, a quarter-century down the
line. Of course there are other ways to understand in—
volvement. and i hope you’ll learn from many. to balance
whatever weight you give to Uncle Mike‘s quaint views.
But as you commit yourself further. you may find some
such set of ideas helpful. or even necessary, to make sense
of what you are doing as a whole person. rather than as a
schizophrenic torn between the world and the academy.

lain type of standard, and 2) free from mental defect. As
Mr. Anwari was too preoccupied conjuring up value-
judgements for later paragraphs and thus failed to iden-
tify the term “normal”, we can assume that he was refer-
ring to the latter.

Homosexual love is not defective. Exhaustive
psychological studies on sexual response. brain patterns.
and emotional response show shockingly little difference
between heterosexuals and homosexuals. Of course. Dr.
Anwari is far more knowledgeable in this area than such
Charlatans as Kinsey. Masters. and Johnson. After all.
Mr. Anwari tells us, “if it wasn’t for heterosexuals,
homosexuality would not exist.” While one can ignore,
perhaps, the sophmoric content of such a statement, and
the atrocious grammar use to express it; the manifest ir-
relevance of this charge to the question of “normality” is
impossible to overlook.

Moving on to paragraph two, we are instructed that
“there are two theories for the basis of homosexuality.”
This will come as a great surprise to those who know of
dozens of advanced theories n the origins of this
phenomenon. Just where Mr. Anwari discovered that
there are but two, we are not told. Nor, in fact. are we
given the source for these “theories”. But let us give Mr.
Anwari the beneﬁt of the doubt and hear his disquisition
on the first." One is that it is a choice. . . you should be
Willing to accept that others do not accept your confor-
mity. . . Is there a Punk and Hardcore Alliance?"

And theory number 2? . . . People are born
homosexual. That still doesn’t make it normal. People
are born with cerebral palsy. . . one would certainly
hesitate to call this' a normal condition. ‘Think of it as a
birth defect.” -

Since the gist of Mr. Anwari’s argument is stated in
these three paragraphs, we shall not proceed further into
his coarse dialectic. Further, since any student of scien-
tiﬁc method would snicker at the thought of calling the
preceeding rhetoric theories, we shall examine it as the rot
that it is.

Mr. Anwari, I do not think that you are a bigot. I do
not question the sincerity with which you speak. Then
how is it. Mr. Anwari. that you can say to 20 million
Americans that they must be “willing” toaccept the
unacceptable. Should they accept that 300,000 gays were
burned in the ovens of Nazi Germany? Should they ac~
cept that their very existence is illegal in some states?
Should they accept that someone on this campus cir-
culated ﬂyers announcing “Kill the Gays Week"? Should
former Olympic skating star Dick Button accept perma-
nent loss of hearing because some youths chose to
demonstrate their lack of acceptance of him by beating
him with a hammer? No, Mr. Anwari. this should not be
accepted, and more importantly, it will not be accepted.

The second "theory" fails to impress. It does not con-
cern Mr. Anwari that the vast majority of Western
psychiatrists no longer classify homosexuality as a
“defect”. The word “normal” again appears. undeﬁned
as we might expect. The most that one can glean from the
comparison of homsexuality to cerebral palsy is another
insidious attempt to convey the perception that homosex-
uals are something “less” than "normal" people. After
all. they are defected. If , in spite of all the evidence to the
contrary, this is the case. then may we forever be blessed
with such “defected” people -—— “defected” subhumans
such as Alexander the Great. Socrates, Oscar Wilde, and
of course, Rock Hudson. From every town and city in
this nation, these “defects” contribute their skills,
wisdom, and ideas to society. Mr. Anwari. they are no
less than you or I.

It is easy to fall into the trap of cheap vituperations and
bombastic aspersions when dealing with a subject held in
taboo for solong. It is a temptation that must be over-
come. For when vindictiveness and intolerane
predominate. when slurs and stereotypes go unchalleng-
ed; the ugly head of bigotry rises. and the death knell
sounds a little louder — for us all.

— Alan Schorr

activism and studenthood. selﬂess good and selﬁsh need.
and such other disabling contradictions.

Little of what I’ve said here is specific to divestment ac-
tivism. The same issues and stakes are involved each time
you move with a few others to meet some modest need in
your department of dorm. each time you step beyond
routine alone. In many ways you can learn more frotn
local small-scale involvement. But a mass movement does
offer fruitful learning, if you follow the basic rules: Find
or make a small group to work in; attempt something
feasible; take care to evaluate what happens. The anti-
apartheid movement is hot this year, and will surely tempt
you — though if you want to invest yourself in an interna-
tional cause. I'd suggest Nicaragua instead, where the
tragedy is entirely a US. production and is happening
faster. with the historical stakes much greater and so few
of us opposed.

Whichever you choose. I hope you'll come also to bring
the impulse. the vision. the lessons of the democratic cur-
riculum. home to the may aspects of your life as a student
within this institution. for its sake and your own. El

Copyright 1985 by Michael Rossman. All rights reserved.

 

 

 

