 

.2. .n . . :,-,;;n\".«~‘1"t~.'wi‘trt -. z-r  r: r .  »'

4 Spam December ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D TUESDA y. DECEMBER 10.1985

An analysis 'of the 1985-86 Albany S

Danes might be short on size, but not talent

By Kristine Sauer
SPORTS EDITOR

If you look at the Albany State men's basketball
team roster. only one name stands out from last
year. that of junior Adam Ursprung. the only
returning starter for the Danes.

He is joined by a handful of reserve playes from ,
last year's 22-6 squad. Gone from last season's team 1

are starters Danny Croutier. Dave Adam. who is
now on the Great Dane coaching staff. Pete
Goanle. Greg Hart and reserve Ian Zadoorian. Also

absent from this year's roster are Rich Chapman ’ w

and john C armello.

"That‘s seven proven playes we are losing." said 1

ll,

‘4 ..
Chapman quit the team during tryouts and g I

Head Coach Dick Saues. who won his historic
500th game last year in the opening round of the
SUNYACs. “And that's a lot. If we can rebound
we're going to be solid."

Camnello left afte practicing for three weeks.
According to Saues. Chapman left to concentrate

on his studies while Carmello left for pesonal -

reasons.
"john‘s leaving the team was a disappointment."

said Saues. "He'll be mimed. It really weakens our ‘

total backcourt. We now have no really proven
depth on the bench so an injury now will hurt us."
"They were counting on a lot of rebounding from
me,"said Chapman. “If they play a small team
they'll do ﬁne. but against a bigge team they'll
have problem.
"Wlny'd I leave the team? To be honest with you

me and the coach had diffeences of opinions. I feel .

bad about not playing." said the junior.

The Danes“ biggst problenn this season will be a . -

lack of bench depth and rebounding. With
Chapman gone. U rsprung will be relied on heavily
for the bulk of the rebounding. Senior retumee
john Mracek will be looked upon to lesen
Ursprung's load. but in the past Mracek hasn't
been a proven rebounde.

"We’re gonna have a small team" said Saues.
who is now in his Blst year coaching at Albany
State, "and we‘ll be relatively inexperienced
especially on the bench. We'll have to develop the
bench as we go along."

The team’s nnost expeienced playe. Ursprung
was last year‘s leading scorer. aveaging 13.6 ppg.
His return to the small forward position gives the
Danes a seious offensive and defensive threat.
According to Saues. the 6'4" Ursprung has the
potential to average I] or 12 rebounds per game.
His scoring and rebounding ability alone should be
a big asst to the team. but no one man can be
looked on to do it all.

"Adam is still innproving. he's still learning a lot."
said Saues. "He's going to have to play a lot of
minutes. Last year he had a tendency to get tired

 

 

  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
   
    

ta“el‘ff'c’l‘“EatDan

 

 

 

 

Th is season ’s G realt Da n e team rosters
Men Women 1
Jeffrey'Kee Junlor Center i Lori Bayba Senior Forward-Center
Andy Goodemote Freshman Guard Nancy Clark q Freshman Forward
Mike Cinque Junlor Guard Diane Fernandes Senior Forward
Adam Ursprung Junior Forward Julle Hotmer Sophomore Forward
Doug Kllmer Senior Guard Donna Hughes Sophomore ' , Guard
Andy O’Connell Senior Forward Cindy Jensen Junlor Fotward-Center
Brian Kaupilla Senior Forward Klm Kosalek Junlor FonNard-Center
Tony Dickens ‘Junior Guard Chris LaBombard Junlor Guard
Brett Axelrod Sophomore Fonlvard Ralnny Lesane t Senior Guard
Morrison Teague Freshman Forward Debra Logan Senior ‘ Guard
John Mracek Senior Center Maureen McBride Sophomore Guard-Forward
Wes Vaughn Freshman 'Guard Mindy McLaughlin . Freshman Forward-Center
Tom McGuire Sophomore Forward Lisa Parrish Freshman Guard
. JIllSilverman Junior FonNard

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

and I really had to rest him a lot. I think he's
developing strength and stamina to say in there."

“His shooting gets better each year." Saues
continued. "This fall Adam had an ankle problem
early in the preseason. he's ok now. We really can't
afford an injury to 

Ursprung. a Catskill native. was an All-
SUNYAC playe last year. "He'll be a force for us. "
said Saues "but he won't be expected to carry the
team we're not gonna put that on his shoulders
Othe teams can't afford to concentrate on him
We‘re not going to be a onepeson team."

Another strong position for the Danes will be at
point guard. whee Mike C inque. a junior transfe
from Adelphi Univesity. will step into Croutier's
spot. The 6'1" Cinque will be another key player
for the Danes.

The Monroe native started on the Division II
Adelphi team for a year and a half. in his frehman
year, the team went 208 and lost in the ﬁnals of the
conference playoffs. just mixing the NCAAs by
one game. Last year they dropped to 15-13 as he
aveaged eight points and ﬁve asists pe game.

"The program thee is not as good as it should
be." said Cinque. “I had a full scholarship thee
and left. so to me that shows how unhappy I was.
Doc knew me in high school and when he heard I
left Adelphi he contacted 

Cinnque was deciding between Albany or
Potsdam but when he heard Albany was losing

V guards he ﬁgured he'd have a better chance playing

hee.

"He's the best thing that could have happened to
our team" said Mracek "He's had experience
playing at a higher level. Mike's an unselﬁsh playe.

We‘re vey lucky to have him on our squad this ‘
in ya." .

"He's a proven pefomner at the point guard ;

position." said Sauers "He paw and penetrates

 well. He won‘t take a lot of shots. but he‘ll still
j  score quite a bit because he'll get fouled a lot."

U rsprung and Cinque played against tench other

' : in high school.

"He's probably going to be a key factor" said
Ursprung. "He’s a great penetrator. good shooter
and good passer He’ll be the focal point of the
tam."

C inque sees his role for the Dane as doing all of
the little things that need to be done. "Playing

 

point guard I’ll have to run the show and score
en I have to."
The big starting big man for the Danes will be the
6‘4" Mracek. a returning senior.
"I have to say I'm really going to miss the size of
Hart and Gosule." said Saues. "john is the biggest

to it. He is strange then an y on the team and
is a very ﬁne shoote. but he'll have to hold his own
on the other end of the ﬂoor."

There's no doubt of Mracek's scoring ability. but
he also must contribute to the Danes' rebounding
"It's something I have to improve upon.
rebounding" said Mracek. "Plus I'm going to have

The Hudson Falls native continued. "I've been
concentrating on rebounding. wecially getting in
position to rebound The mom important part of
rebounding isipoo'tioning." ~ . .

The other postman will be either 6'3" Brett
Axelrod or 6'2" Tony Dickens No’ nutter who
starts. theewillbealotofsharingbetweenthe
two ,

Axelrod is up from the JV squad. whee he was
MVP last year. The Peeksldll native aveaged 14
ppg last season. Dickens a 26year old ex-Marine
from Middletowrn. nearly transfeed this year. Last
year he didn’t see much playing time and played
some games down on JV. 1

“Tony has a great desire to play basketball." said
Saues. "He's much improved from last year. He
played a lot this summer and has developed a lot
more court sense. He will see action thisyear even
though he's a little small for the position. He'll be
a] I In...

 

guy we've got. He can rebound if he puts his mind =

to hold a lot of the scoring burden with Ursprung "' ‘

Senior co-captain D ‘ Kilme will start in the
off-guard position. Kilm‘er is the team's bet outside
shoote and will be ne of the playes taking
advantage of the new diraepoint play shot. Kilme.
from Oswego, who sav playing time as a rmerve
last year will be reliedrn to put up the shot.

The other senior con ptain. Brian Kauppila. saw
~a lot-ofplaylng'timewhrn an injured Ursprungwas
out for seven'garnes lart season. Kauppila will be
theﬁrst'manoffthebech andvvlllbecalledupon
to play a number of poitions

"He'll bevey valuabl to us." said Saues "Brian
wllldowhateveweaskofhim Heworkedhisway
up through the ranks in e Kllmer."

Anothe returning lateman. Andy O'Connell.
saw little if any playing time last year. The .6'2"
player from Mineola is good score who needs to
improve his individual defense and ball handling.

TheevnllbegameswimtheDaneswlllneedhimv game

said Sales

6' freshman Andy Gc'odenote has just returned
after bdng out with a h okern wrist. Saues and his
staifworkedhardtorcti uithim Theguardwasthe
leading score for Gla esville High School last
year. He was one of to playes picked to the All-r
Capitaland tam.

“Andy mimed the most vital time of practice."
.said Sauers As the seaon goes on I expect himto
be a factor."

Two reeve playes t the post position moved
up from last ymr's jV squad are sophomore Jeffrey
Kee and Tom McGuin. Both started on IV. 6'4"
Kee is ﬁ'om Bayport. LY. while 6'3" McGuire is
from Yorktown Heigha.

 

“jelf earned a spot in the team because of his
great attitude and he's hard worker. " said Sauers
"McGuire is the hardest worker on the squad He's
a tenacious rebomnder'ieven though he's-not that
big. Evey he learns something new.".

Three 0 er playes practice vvlth the tim daily.
Steve ermyn and Morrison Teague will pla
on IVl but might be called up if they are needy?
Freshman Steve Saues the son of the head coach.
is being red-shirted this season and hopefully will
improve and be able tcl play next season.

Adam. last years' starting oE-guard who is the
asdstant coach for IV. feels the Danes will have a

pretty good year.

“They don't have a lot of experience especially at
forward so the big people will be the key to the
season." said Adam. “If the big guys have a good
yar the turn will too. and if they don't then it'll be
a long season."

Saues predicts that the scoring vvlll be evenly
balanced among the ﬁve starters.

"That's the way I like it to be." said the coach.

.' “I‘d rathe have ﬁve guys aveaging in double

ﬁgures then two averaging in the thirties.
"It's going to be a key to stay healthy. The top
seven pla s have to stay healthy and keep out of

H" I foul not le. A problem is our lack of depth."

Because the Danes are relatively weak inside
they'llbepresslngalot more then they havein the
Ian couple of years.

"We‘re trying to be more of a running team
because we lost a lot of helght."said Kauppila.

"We‘ll be playing more of a fast paced game and '

  

pressing on defense. A lot of it depends on
rebounding.”

Afastbreakingstyleofgameﬁtsinwelltothe

way Cinque handles the point guard position.

Anothe change this year will be the threepoint
shot. which was added to SUNYAC play. The
scoring range isa ncirnately twenty feet ﬁom the
top of the key an beyond in a semicirde. equally
distanced all around. ' .

"I'm one of the people in favor of that." said
Saues. "especially with the 45-second-shot clock
pronnoting none defense. We have a couple of
people who can score easily form thee — Kilmer
and O'C onnell, but I’m sure ch team has seveal
people who can score in that range Last year
Dannyand Dave would have scored a lot."

"It should make the game much more exciting."
said Kauppila. "It'll be an added dimension of the
. When you aredown-by six points you won't
need. three baskets anymore. You' can get two
threepoint shots

Overall the Danes' season rides on howwell their
rebounding is and how often they have to go to the
bench.

It’s hard to say how we‘ll do,'.' admitted Saues
“It will be difﬁcult for us to equal last year. With
that team because of the great depth I was able to
play nine or ten people in one game. I'm not too
sureiflcandothat thisyear." .

According to Saues. evey team they play has
improved itself in someway. In the SUNYAC East.
powerhouse Potsdam has a lot of returning playes
and should be a Shoo-in for ﬁrst place.

“We've got a tough Division III schedule and
there's no way out." added Saues"l'd sure like to
get back into the SUNYAC playoffs" .

"We are capable of doin very well with them ifs

‘—'ifwestayhealthyan ifwestayoutoffoul

trouble. The nucleus of players is very solid."
concluded Saues‘ .

The team isrn't as good as last year's squad. but
Saues' teams rarel go under .500 and this year
cetainlv shouldn't the exception to that. El

   

  

inn? 

. 5' “(5.1”? [L
.v I. ..;."

. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10. 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  December 5

e basketball teams

Snubbed last year, women seek NCAAs

By Al Baker

. Last year. in the locker room of the women's

~ varsity basketball team. thee were no frustrated
shouts of dejection. no nqative enotions of defeat.
There" were signs of victory. -_jubilation. and
anticipation. ' ' '

I The women last ﬁnishedthe regular season
with a 23-2 recordyide two lows canning at the
hands of SUNYAC rival. Cortland, and St.
Michaels. a Division II team The female hoopsters

‘ looked forward to an NCAA playoff berth with

intense anticipation. But those playoff hope were
snubbed. and they found thermelves connpeting in
the ECAC "consolation" tourney. . *

Now. thee are no glances backward. This is a
new year. new faces. new jump shots and new
hearts to complement the stout. stablished
veteans This appears to be a stronger team with
more depth. with a burning appetite to win. and a
nagging desire to open the doors of the NCAA
toumament and step through wIth pride — and
revenge.

With a 22~2 record last year. the team strode into
the SUNYA C playoffs and erased the U niversity of
Buffalo from the court while Buffalo State College
was doing the same to Cortland. In the ﬁnals the
Danes. who had the best record in the Capital
District and in. the SUNYAC Eastern Division.
came up against Buffalo State in the championship
game. The Danes were knocked off in front of a
capacity crowd at Univesity Gym I

Buffalo ms one of three N.Y. teams invited to
NCAA toumannernt. Traditionally. thee have
been four N.Y. Statetearrnin the NCAAs, but last
year. with Albany snubbed. Allegheny College
(Pennsylvania) shock in to complete the four tam
maximum. “‘

Thee has been some debate as to why the
NCAA Advisory Board rejected Albany for the
toumament. A probing of this board revealed that
two members - the coach of Hartwick Collqe.

. and the coach of Omega - both of whom Albany

beat wbaantially during the sean. plus the
Buffalo State coach wee in on the decision.

“Their decision to reject us did I upset many
people." said Albany [id-Coach Mari Wame.
"But Oswego did support us and in all [aim we
were an unkrnown team and had we beat Buffalo
(State) there would have been no question that we
would be included in the NCAAS."

So the women pidted up. pivoted and dribbled
into the EC ACs whee they got an automatic bye
into the championship game The tourney proved
to be a diappointment though. as only three tearm
were included and only two games played. .

r In the ﬁnals. the Danes faced Nazareth. which
bear RPI in the opening round

"It was tough for us to come right into a
championship tuation out of nowhee," explained
Wame. who added. "We lost. and it was a vey
disappointing way to end the season. This year
we've chosen not to participate in the ECACs,
should the chance arise "

One of the main reasons for the succem of last
year's season was guard and captain Rainny

Leane. A pearl among playes, Lesane. standing at I

5'2" and hailing from the courts of Bronx. N.Y..
was voted a District II All-American last ymr as a
junior and was named one of the top ﬁve players in
N.Y. State.

At guard. Leane can burn you with he
quicknes and agility. She's an exciting. shifty
player who can drive through trafﬁc to sink an OR-
balanced shot or pull out and set up again.
Combined with he skill and enqneience. she has
developed as a more well-rounded player. He
outside shot has improved, posing a double threat
to defenders.

At the guard position. we can begin to see the
depth that this year's team

 presnre well and bringing the ball
upcourt effectively. She can also stick a junnp shot
in the face of an opponent with style and ease

Rounding out the guard pos‘tion are sophomore
Maureen McBride and frehman Lisa Parrish. who
has “improved just within the month. and has
good quick eing ability. but nnust work he
control and a lity to rad the tuan'on.” according
to Wame.

At the forward and cente podtions. the Dane
are extremer versatile. “There are a number of
combinations we could come up with for our
starting ﬁve players each game. but it all depends
on our opponent and our overall game strategy."
said Wame.

At cente stands the ﬁgure of senior captain Lori
Bayba. who at 5'10". has been a consistently
strong tam player s‘nce her trande to Albany last
season. Sophomore Cindy jenson. 5'11". junior
Kim Kosalek. 5'10" and freshman Mindy
McLaughlin at 6'0". can all stand in the cente spot
also. which shows an even greate depth to this
team Each of these playes can play forward also.

McGIoughlin. from Unatego High School. "has
added strength to our center position." said
Wame. "I have conﬁdence in he. she's showing
us things that frehman don’t always show and she
has composure in presure o'tuations She has skill
with her off hand, and should improve with time
and help relieve Cindy jenson somewhat." said
Warner.

Thee is no quetion that each one of the women
at the forward position are talented. Senior Diane
Fernandes a Staten Island native. has a good
outside shot when she's hot. But more than
anything. Fernande is a scrapper, who‘s not afraid
to hit the floor for a loose ball. _"She's the hustle
out there " commented Wame enthusiastically. jill
Silverman and julie Hotmer. a junior and
sophomore respectively. are back this year to add

:to the tmm's wealth of expeiernce Freshman
Nancy Clark is out with an injury.

With nnuch speed and agility and many quick.
experienced playes Albany will try to speed up
their offense.

"With our guards, who make the quick transition
and can handle the ball well. and our pee playes
who have vesatility and can also run well. we
should be able to get the ball downcourt and spark
many fast brks." stated Warner.

“A fast-paced game would be beneﬁcial for us to
play. But this can create problems as we can't
always fast break At times we'll have to break
down and play a quarter court game. working the
ball inside. But it's cetainly a big aset to be able to
pose the threat of being able to run and convet
quickly." Wame added

When the Danes are forced to play a quarter
court game. it dnould be a good one. They run an
offense that allows all playes to play all positions
At times during the season. don't be ' if
you see the Albany guards down low and the big
players up high at the elbow of the key. The guards
are dangeous in near the basket. and the post
playes can sink from 15 feet out with a striking
sense for consistency. D

At 5'5". and also from the Bronx. N.Y.. often :‘. ‘ I.

called the "Mecca of Basketball." is senior Debra

Logan. who is just coming off a knee injury. Junior ‘ -

Chris LaBombard. a transfer from Hudson Valley

Community College. has been a leasant surprise ‘ ' ‘"

with her very condstent. very fun tally sound

style of play and good ball handllng
Sophomore Donna Hughes has proved to be

extremely capable at the point-guard position.

 

 

 

