t i" e "W t w: in; ass, mar. 55 tact-satiric

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 19s: c: ALBANY smnsivr puss Spam October 3,

 

 -v mi..- .  . ,  ms, a. mo iféci’r-I-Iﬁi-x‘;‘rf‘r'i.k.’éi.i?~.  “t 
2 Sports Oct-0' e! ALBANY STUDENT passs El TUESDA Y, OCTOBER 29,1985

 

From the EditOr

Before I begin, let me thank Managing Editor Dean Chang, for without his
assistance, the first sports supplement of the year would be in November, not
October. Mr. Chang is a god up here at the ASP, and without him, the
paper‘s quality would not be as high as it is.

Now that I got that off my hairy chest, let us get down to business. We tend
to think that we have some pretty decent stuff in this first supplement.

The topic of our centerfold is hockey. The Detroit Red Wings and Rangers
played an exhibition game at RPI’s Houston Field House on Friday night Oc-
tober 4 and we thought we could kill two birds with one rock. John Keenan,
of Troy Record fame, headed for the Red Wing lockerroom to interview
former RPI greats Adam Oates and Tim Friday while Dean Chang, working
with no sleep because of ASP production on Thursday night, motored to the
Ranger dressing room. Don‘t tell anybody this, but Dean fell asleep in the
press box during the second and third periods. Keenan didn't have the heart
to wake him up.

Dean did wake up on time to do some interviews afterwards, but he ran in-
to some problems. It seemed the Ranger players were in a tremendous hurry
to get the heck out of Troy. But who could blame them?

The third piece in the centerfold, written by this reporter, takes an in-depth
look at the Albany State hockey team’s season, which begins this Friday.

Stu Hack, a WCDB sports broadcaster in his record—setting fifth year,
finally attained his life-long ambition by having a by-line in the ASP. In this
issue, he writes of his obsession with his first love, Strat-o-matic baseball.

Mike MacAdam, a true journalism phenom, praises Tim MacCarver and
rips into Howard Cosell. Let us hope MacAdam does not appear defamed in
Cosell’s next book.

Kristine Sauer, the first woman Sports Editor in ASP history, writes a
feature on the eccentric Phil Lewis of WCDB.

Finally, Rob Isbitts, Sports Director at WCDB, writes about his passion
for hockey.

It should keep you busy for a while. If any readers have any suggestions for
story ideas for the following months, please come up to the office and tell us. '
Even you, Keith Marder.

W I W
@Jniwetrsityz @ﬂneimns

presents

A Classic'Horror Film
for Halloween!

 

 

 

SA
Funded

  

NIGHT f te
LIVING DEAD

Thurs. Oct. 31
Shows 7:30 St 10:30

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

~ I Contents":  
Page 3:

WCDB's Lewis a hit with Yankees _ p _ -,
sports Editor Kristine Sauer profiles WCDB broad-
caster Phil Levvis. who did play-by-play for the Albany
Colonie Yankees this summer.

Tim McCarver: the real Series' MVP

Editorial Assistant Mike MacAdam critiques the ABC
announcing crew covering the World Selim.

Centerfold:

Oates and Friday return

Senior Editor john Keenan covers the return of the two
RPI stars to Houston Fieldhouse October 5.

Rangers have new look

Managing Editor Dean Chang takes a close look at the
New York Rangers‘ upcoming season. _

Albany State hockey preview

Supplement Editor Marc Berrnan takes an even closer
look at one of the newer hockey teams in the country,-
the 'Skating Danes’.

Page 7:
Strat-o-matic fever runs rampant .
Freelancer Stu Hack taks a humorous look at his
favorite pastime. the board game called Strat-o-i atic
baseball
Look out N]. here comes the Danes
WC DB Sports Director Rob Isbitts writes of his fond-
nem with Canada's national pastime. hockey.

Photos "

 

 

All hockey photos taken by Howard Tygar of University Photo Ser-
vice. Phil Lewis photo taken by John Curry of Photo Service. The
rest of the pictures are courtesy of the Associated Press.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Halloween Night

October 3 1

    

By Kristine Sauer
SPORTS EDITOR '

If you followed the Albany
Colonic Yankees and tuned
into WTRY last season for the
games, one of the voices you
heard would have been that of
Phil Lewis. an Albany State
junior. .

Lewis. now in his second
year broadcasting sports for
WCDB. joined two Albany
alumni. Phil Pivnick and Mike
Smith. to cover the Yankees'
Double A farm team.

Lewis was in Massachusetts
covering the NCAA men’s
basketball playoffs at WPI for
WCDB. when he met.Pivnick.

who was the sports director 'at ‘

 

WCDB three years ago. Pivnick.
the public relations director for
the Albany” minor league
franchise. informed him of the
job opening and suggested that
he send a demo tape.

A month and a half later.
Lewis got the job at WTRY; as
announcer for away games. “It
was my first time doing

‘ baseball." he said. "They let

me developover there. The
first quarter of the season I was
just sitting and learning the
game. Then I was able to get
into my- style and by' the

. second half of the season I was

doing playvby play" V
Lewis continued. _,“Even

though I wOrked With"Pivnick
more .I learned more from

 

Mike. Mike and I have similar
outlooks on the broadcasts."
Smith. 29, used to do pla -by-
play man for the Al any
Patroons and currently does
Siena basketball for WTRY.
“In in opinion. he's the best
young roadcaster at least in
this area‘if not the state." said
Lewis: adding. "He's an
outstanding broadcaster."

Smith wasn't the only one to ’

get praise from Lewis: he said
Pivnick was "very good and
would go far.

"He did an internship with
Warner Wolf a while ago and

.he is hoping to go back there."
said Lewis. a communications

major. They got to be pretty
good friends."

 
   
 

Lewis experienced the
excitement of minor league
baseball while broadcasting.
“All of my games were on the
road." said Lewis. who plans to
return to the Yankees this
summer. “If I wasn‘t here in
Albany. I was in NYC. I
traveled to different cities in
the Northeast. We were
constantly traveling."

Lewis recalled one exciting
moment of the season which
. had the Yankees pitted against

the New Britain Red _Sox.

“They always played
outstanding games against

each other." said Lewis. "The

game I'm thinking of had Brad

Amsberg pitching a shutout in

a game that decided first place.

The thing I remember most in

the game was at one point the

game was on the line and he
was facing Sam Horn. an
outstanding prospect. I thought
to myself that these guys are
going to be facing each other in

the major leagues and here I

am broadcasting a preview of

it."

Lewis also recalled when the
major league strike was going
on. CBS news was doing a story
on the minor leagues and
filmed the ~Yankees from

Albany.
“That never went on because
of the strike." said Lewis.

“That was the first time I
realized that I was a part of this
phenomenon of life called the
minor leagues." .
Lewis transfered after three

semesters of study at Queens ..

College. The dark-haired,
bearded broadcaster is from

'-’s-"LeWIs a hit with Yankees

Queens and used to run cross-
country for Queens College.

“We came up here for a
meet." said Lewis. "I liked this
place so much I decided to
stay."

Lewis began broadcasting for
WCDB at the beginning of last
year. From both TRY and CD8.
Lewis felt he made friends with
the players.

“I'm a fan off the air," said
Lewis. "You have to try very
hard not to be one on the air.
That's something I learned
from Mike Smith."

Lewis is a big sports fan off
the air. He watches a lot of
games on television.

"People say I watched games
too much." said Lewis. “You
have to know what to say in
certain situations. I think I've
watched enough to be able to
handle whatever comes up."

He added."l don't do it
because I feel I have to. I enjoy
it."

On roadtrips. Lewis normally
brings his two Walkmans. a TV
and a short wave radio. so he
can catch Chicago Bears games.
Lewis also has two mini-TVs
and admits to bringing them to
class on occasion.

“I might not be as good as I
think I am." said Lewis. "but
there's no doubt that I've
improved. So far. I'm happy
with the way I've improved in
broadcasting.“

This summer was the first
time Lewis was getting paid for
his broadcasting. “I thought it

.was amazing that I got paid to

do this. Lewis said. "It's a lot of
fun." CI

Tim McCaver: the real Series MVP

 
 
 

6 p.m. to 9 p.m.

 

COME TO OUR PARTY IN...

SPECIAL DISCOUNTS on SPORTING GOODS.
CLOTHING & EQUIPMENT APPLY IF YOU

it Brawl on o mountaineer ......................................... 16% on
it lldlno o horse with a pumpkin on your hood mam... 28% on

  

 

 

 
 

r. With log In cost 
s Wlth holr In curler; ......
ii» Ployan a fiddle (“4‘08"

 

 

 

 

Stuyvesant
' Plaza , Albany

58-7878

 

a Dmud In sum   ............... 16% on

Excﬁpﬂons it Tattooed lady (only ml Iotloou) .............................. 29%."
ymrfm" _ it Dmud on May In dlopon with

“Hum-W lollypop. on rollor sliqu ......m............................. 25% in

“min holr In pigruihrnd front mm blodiod our .......... 6% on
....................................... 14% on
n Wearing o who wot SIIII‘TIIkalM I Muir ........... 22% n
o lady In short shorts and helm. ....... m
o Mon In short shorts and holler ............
it Clown outfit with polntod Into.

i: Woorlng long |ohns only

it With 60% M body pnlntod orange and rldlng o noel . 35% on
i with arson hoIr (no wig) ........................................... 18% on
n Drown In bothan still only .......................................... 13%orr
it brand In botth 1le and Ilil boots only ............ 22% on
it Wlniulllliloutlltlntludlng

boon. ml“ and hot .. .... 

   
 
   
   
 
  
  

     
 
      
      
 

iié'nl.)

   

.ununuulm M

      
 
   
     
 
 
  

 

am"... 24% on

 
 

 

 
   

 

 

 

u You're Into Spofh 0.. Into

sromme nouns 785'? 907

 
    

Rt. 9
’s Latham

     
 

  

By Mike MacAdam
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

When the first pitch of the 1985
World Series was thrown.' there
seemed to be something missing from
ABC’s broadcast booth.

Al Michaels was there, doing his
usual professional job on play-by-play.
jim Palmer. was adding his own insight.
but the third member of the "team
wasn’t "telling it like it is."

When Howard Cosell declined to
grace the ABC booth with his presence.
it created an opening for television's
most recsnt baseball announcing
phenom. Tim McCarver.» McCarver‘s
selection reinforced what many Mets
fan already knows: he "tells it like it
really is."

As a result. the Howard-less team has
informed the viewers, added humor.
and captured the drama of the Series
without becoming a personality
contest.

McCarver worked several ABC games
during the regular season. but working
the Series truly gives him the national
exposure he deserves.

Cosell became incensed with the
"jockocracy" of sports broadcasting and
quit the Monday Night Football team.
but McCarver blows his theory to hell.
McCarver Is a breath of fresh air. an ex-
big-leaguer who knows the fine points
of the game and articulate enough to

present them to the audience without
sounding too technical.

While three announcers are
sometimes awkward, McCarver‘s
presence makes the broadcast a forum
for debate. Palmer and McCarver ar e.
but not in the sense that two chil ren
fight over a toy. They offer every angle
of strategy. and they both demonstrate
a respect forethe other's knowledge.

Example: In Game 6. McCarver was
surprised when Whitey Herzog decided
to pitch to George Brett with one out
and Lonnie Smith on third base.
Palmer wasn't surprised. however.
because. he felt that Cardinal pitcher
Danny Cox was better qualified to
judge the strike zone than Brett because
there was a National League umpire

. behind the plate. McCarver then

pointed out that it‘s one thing to pitch
around someone with a man on
second. but with a man on third. a wild
pitch or passed ball would score a run.

McCarver adds so much knowledge
and insi t. that a baseball fan knows
he'll pro ably learn something new in
each game he announces. By his own
published admlssion. Cosell "never
played the game. " so he can't reveal the
anecdotes and information that have
become second nature to McCarver. the
only catcher whose career spanned four
decades.

McCarver has also made Michaels'

job easier and more enjoyable. It
wasn't hard to tell that Cosell's
overbearing presence grated on
Michaels. and it often affected his play-
by~play. Now his delivery is smooth
and comfortable because McCarver is
eas to get along with. and the Series
au ience is all the richer for It.

Michaels probably sleeps better at night

“Alfalfa” every inning.

Even the mid~game comments and
post-game interviews of Reggie jackson.
who perpetuates the blowhard stigma

reminiscient of Cosell. can't ruin a good

thing. Before McCarver was hired to
cover the Series. only Mets fans could
enjoy his descriptive talents and
analysis. Now they're finally sharing

knowing he won't have to answer to

the wealth. III

 

 

