II the 1970‘s lol' the first titite.

British television commercials sur-

passed thcii :\lll('l'it':tll equivalents
iii style aiitl ittvention. That was the work
of a small group of yotttig directors.
still reiiienihered in the llritish adver-
tising industry as a sort of “charmed
til't‘lt'." .-\tl\'ei’tisiiig's loss hc inie llolly~
wood's gaiit and the entire grnttp is
known today for featutt- lilitis -— .-\lati
l’arkei (Mir/nigh! l'.'\/ur\\, Fume). llttglt
lludsoii t(.'hmm/t n/ For. (liryxlnltr). .‘\(ll‘ltlll
l.\ nut-tI’lmlnlunu’). 'l'oiiy Srtittt'l‘lirllungrr)
and his hrotlier. the supreme visual stylist
oftheni all, Ridley Scott.

.-\ stocky, ted-bearded. softspoken
tiiati. Ridlm Stott looks deterttiiiied
enough to walk through a brick wall
(given the giant stale of ltis produc-
tions. he sonietitiies has to!). His extra-
ordinary visual prowess makes ltiiii a fa-
vorite among his fellow professionals.
who reali/e just what it takes to create
the L’lst century l.os Augeles of Il/mlr
RIUIIII'I. the paiiilerh palette of light and
shade iii The I)Ill'llf\l,\, or the harsh and
terrifying sci-li vision ol Allen. Not that

llll- \lt)\'|l' \l \t..\/.l.\l'

Ridley Scott

\ilh'ltill Leaps and Staiicase Naps

audiences are indifferent to Scott's work.
xllll‘ll w s one of the titosl sttccessfttl sci-
ence lictioii filitis ever tiiade.

Scott could probably have retired years
ago on the proceetls of his cottitiie' tls
company. but he's a ferocious and obses-
sive worker. While he liltitetl .‘lllt‘ll. Scott's
family once discovered him asleep oil the
staircase. too tired to make it tip to the
hedrooin.

His new film. Imgrml. is another or '
sive project. opening this summer. lt was
conceived, Scott says. "between finishing
.-llirn atid starting lllmlr Ruinu'i: I had
the idea of an adventure story involving

unicoriis. Like all such stories. I wanted it

to liitige on a climactic strttggle between
good and evil." ‘

To bring his idea to life, Scott con-
tacted novelist atid screenwriter William
ll'iortsberg iii lflﬁt). Neither tiiaii cotild
l 'e known it wottld take >l years and IS
sci ipt re ions to get a workable filtti.

Imgmu/ was filmed iii Scott's tiative
linglatid atid captures some of the es-
seiice of that country's ancient myths.
Scott. as always. dottbled as director and
his owti caiiiet a operator (“because I work
so visually. I find it essential“). 'l'oiii
(Irttise froiti lit/At and Rik/(y lithium plays
lack 0' The (iI'L'Cl). who lives a free life
in the forest. ttiitil he hecotties a reltictatit
hero and battles the Lord of Darkness
('l‘im (Iurry of [lucky I'Im'rnr Shunt fame)
iii order to tve the last unicorn iii
the world. billing otit the Legend cast
are sotne of the best. and definitely
sotiie of the sltortest. character actors
iii the world. "little people" who play the
goblins, pixies attd leprechauns.

When he's not filtitittg otie of his spec—
tactilars. Scott keeps his hand in with
coiiiitiercials. 'l'he celebrated “1984"
Apple computer commercial shown dur-
ing the WM Super Bowl. for example.
was his. A man who shuns personal puh-
licity. Scott has plenty of famous fans
ready to lattd his work. including Peter
Hyams. liitiiself the director of three big
special effects filtits (including the recent
2010). Says Hyanis. “I think Statiley Ku-
brick and Ridley Scott are the two ttiost
inventive liltmiiakers iii the world today."

I

by Mike Bygrnve

Scott‘s hallmark.- a richly imagined visual
world.

is third try was the proverbial

charm. After two well-liked

iion-blockbusters. director
Robert Zemeckis went way over the top
last year with Rummicing the Stone. a
$75-million—grossing explosion of action.
comedy and romance. However. Zeiitec-
kis has just turtied down a chance to di-
rect the bound-Io-be-succ ssfttl followup
feature.

"I don‘t itieati to sound conceited." the
personable 32-year-old USC Film School
grad s ' a brief lunch of pasta.
cliickett and salad. "but I already tiiade
that film."

Zetneck step forward is an adventure
comedy concocted with the ltelp of his
ever-silice-college writing partner Bob
(Bale. entitled Bur/r In l/lt‘ Future. “It's a
wonderful fantasy that is a compilation
of all the great mysteries about time
rolled into one." Zeineckis enthuses.
Imagination atid humor have marked
his work. which also includes a kitietic.
anarchic cottiedy c'illed User! Cum atid
a fanciful lirst ellort. a low-budget
piece about fottr Beatleiiiatiiacs. I Wanna
Haltl l'uur Hunt]. The "tst of [inc/t In
the Future includes Michael Fox (from
'l'V's I"(llltll)' Tint). (Iliristopher Lloyd ('Iit.\'i.'\'
toned-(illl Reverend Jim), Lea 'l‘homp-
soti (All the Right Moves) aiid (Irispiii
(ilover ('Iiwr/n'ia, Racing with the Menu).
The film. now shooting. is supposed to
be ready by late iii the summer of 1985.

“It's ahottt a teenager who travels back
in tittie 30 ye rs." says Zetiietrkis. "'l'liere

by Zan Stewart

USC Film School laugh! Zemeckis the
machinery ufﬂlmmaking.

Robertlenie-EIEE

Comet ly Director Romances Success

he bumps into his p' 'eitts as teenagers.
and some quite entharrassing moments
occur when he sees ltis parents at the
saute age he is. It‘s an unusual situation,
be tse he's confronted with fatiiiliar
things, btit they're simultaneously unfa-
miliar because he sees them as they were
iii the past, rather than as he knows
them. in the present.”

Zemeckis won a Best Student Film
Academy Award in 1973 for his black
coitiedy. lite/(l a/‘Huittn: Is it difficult fora
itiait in his 30s to relate to the teenage
point of View! “Well.” Zenieckis muses. “I

hope I'm iii touch with it. I feel like I am.
bttt maybe that's because I always feel
like I‘m 17. But I haven't been sitting
around thinking abottt it while I've been
shooting. l've_jtist beeti letting it go." Of
his youthful cast. Zemeckis says, "’l‘ltey're
wonderful. and I think they're really
goitig to break out in this movie. They
get to play such wonderful characters.
the kinds of parts that aren't usttally iii a
typical youth film."

The idea of a teenager going back to
the time of his parents' yottlli ltas been
rolling iii the minds of Zenieckis aiid
(iale fora while. “Bob and l have wanted
to make this picture for four years," the
director eotifirttts. The pair broke into
the big time when they were tapped to
write 194]. Next. Zeiiieckis and (tale are
set to write (.‘m' I’mil. a ctnnedy/iiiystery
to be directed by Brian de l’alma. “But
that‘s still in first draft stage.“ s
Zetiteckis. “lt‘ll have to wait ttittil we tiatl
down liar/i In the FN/lll't‘. " I

’l'lll-l MOVIE MAGAZINE

 

