..' Iv 

 

\

 

4 Spomlanualy ALBANY smrmvr PRESS D TUESDAY, JANUARY29, 1985

Who to Watch :for in the Big East and the'ACC’T

By Mark Levine
SPORTS WRITER

I was really psyched this year. While
l'm not as avid a football fan as I am other
sports. I really thought that this wouldn‘t
be a letdown after two weeks of hype.

Wrong.

Oh well. at least there‘s college basket-
ball. which is one heckuva thing to fall
back on. What l'd like to do is examine
two of the top conferences in the nation.
what I think of the top teams. and which
of them you 're likely to see on the tube
on that glorious Saturday in March
known as Final Four Day. You may or
may not agree with some of my opinions.
but remember one thing: they're coming
from a college hoop junkie.

BIG EAST

It all starts with Georgetown. but it may
not end with them. if certain things con-
tinue as they are now.

The way I've seen it so far there are only
two Big East teams that can beat
Georgetown. and one of them is
Georgetown. and that‘s almost happened
more than a couple of times this year. Put-
ting it bluntly, Michael jackson is killing
the Hoyas. Yes. they‘re unbeaten and yes.
they've beaten lots of tough teams. but if
Michael jackson doesn't turn his game
around Georgetown is primed for a major
upset in the NCAA tournament. We're
talking early rounds. folks. and l firmly
believe it could ha pen. Jackson has turn-
ed intolthe secondp coming of Fred Brown
— A.I(.A. the Human Turnover Machine.
He's not a true point guard. so i can
understand his erratic play up to a point.
But that doesn't mean he can't run a half-
court offense adequately (which he can't)
or hit a good percentage of foul shots
(which he hasn‘t) or hit his jumper as con-
sistently as he is capable of (which he

isn't). Patrick Swing and Bill Martin have
saved the I-loyas on numerous occasions
this year. but they are primed for a loss.
and i will predict that their first loss will
be a close one and their second one will
be by at least 10 points. I know it's hard
to criticize a team that's unbeaten. but
they don't seem as solid as they were last
year.

The other team that can beat
Georgetown? St. john's. fhey will do it at
least once this year. because they are just
starting to rev up. Chris Mullin may not
be scoring as much. but he's doing so
many other things on the ilorr. who cares?
if Bill Wennington can stay out of foul
trouble and Mullin stays health . the
Redmen could be in Rupp Arena or the
Final Four.

Villanova and Syracuse are also threats
in this league. The Wildcats are a close-
knit group that's been together for four
years. they play super team defense. and
in Dwayne (D-Train) McClain and Easy Ed
Pinckney they have two superior athletes

    

who can play with anyone in the nation.
Pearl Washington 'leads the
Orangemen. and he might be the best
one-on-one player We ever seen. with the
possible exteption of a guy named jor-
dan. He's also a whiz in the open court.
but the Orange. and Pearl in particular.
are mediocre in a half-court game. .
ATLANTIC COAST

Despite their recent blowout at the

hands of NC State. Duke looks like the

team to beat. Although they don‘t have a '

true center. the Blue Devils play probably
the best man-to-man defense in the na-
tion and have a great backcourt in Tom-
my Amaker and johnny Dawkins. Mark
Alarie hits from the perimeter as well as
any forward an where. and Duke won’t
ever really get urt on the boards even
though they're small because they box

out very well. This is also a cohesive unit. .

as they've been together for three years.
With no seniors. the Devils ma lack that
. intangible quality a Final Four team

University Cinemas *  _
welcomes You (and Toto too!) 4

Back To School

 

needs. but in Dawkins they have a three-
year starter on the brink of greatness.
North Carolina is not going‘to the Final
Four and may not even come close. Dean
Smith is doing a brillant job keeping the
‘I-leels in the top 10. because i can think of
at least a dozen teams that have more
talent on paper. In Kenny Smithpyou're
looking at a sophomore who could pro
bably play in the NBA tomorrow. Other

than that. the thing that stidts out about -

the 'l-ieels is that they're very slow.
However. they're very disciplined. play
tough team defense and are a team that
absolutely refuses to give up. ’

For evidence of that. just ask Maryland
and NC State. who are two of the teams
who have a reasonable chance of knock-
ing 0H Duke. The Terrapins definitely had

a game at Chapel Hill in the bank. then .

missed foul shots down the stretch and
came up short. At 6'8". guard Adrian
Branch should take his athletic ability and
his smooth jumper right to the NBAxBut
the player to watch on the Terps is junior
Len Bias. a 6'8" small forward who will be
All-America next year and will be a better
pro than former Maryland standout
Albert King.

NC State had a chance to be a force in
the A.C.C.. until Chris Washbum decided
to borrow someone's stereo withoutask-
ing him. This team now has no depth up
front and a pathetic backcourt. So Spud
Webb can dunk and he's only 5'7". He
can't hit a 15 -foot jumper and is too out of
control. State may now be hard-pressed
to get anywhere in the NCAAs. but they
have Lorenzo Charles. and that should
keep them in plenty of ball games.
Georgia Tech can also surprise some peo-
ple. butprobably are a year away.

My post-season predictions will come .
later on in tire ear. In '
PM: tau.  , .

    
 

 

 

 

with a Timeless Classic

 

Thursday

January
31

L.C. 18

 

THE WIZARD, OF oz

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SA Funded _

All Shows
$1.50 with tax'
sticker
$2.50 without

 

 

 

 

 

'; 5‘“??? 3“

  
    

  

  

PUBLISHED AT, THE" STATE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK ATALBANY. arms ALBANI’ STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION
Fr i day

February 1, 1985*

AA Y
STUDENT
PRESS

   

NUMBER 2

 

>‘  
‘ v7.

. .“That doesn’t ' '

mean, he

(Whalcn) has to "
move against all I

violations” of
the grouper law.
— Vincent O'Leary

 

O’Le’y predicts grouper law

could force dermitory tripling

By Erlc Hlndln

STAFF WRITER

Tripling of students in.

SUNYA's uptown dormitories
will probably be one way the

.University deals with next

semester's anticipated shortage of

off-campus housing, as the city of

Albany gets set to enforce its
"grouper law." according to
University president Vincent
O'Leary, who returned several
weeks ago, from his fallscmcstcr
study leave‘in Yugoslavia.

S" j mm
Thurs ay mor ing. O‘Leary
stated that conversations with

_ Albany Mayor Thomas .Whalcn

had led him to believe that while
the mayor was determined to en-
force the law, “he was of a mind
to do it in a systematic and pru-
dent way." as opposed to making

houses in violation of the law.
The mayor, according to

'O'Leary. “will want to move

against the most blatant viola-
tions, but that doesn't mean he
has to moveragainst all viola-
tions." As such. said O'Leary.
there will probably be no drastic
changes in the number of off—
:ampus students. next semester.
At. this moment. according to
O‘Leary. of the approximately
i,100 students livins.~in violation

of the grouper law.,‘ab0ut'  . ~
mmmmwamatnm ' IW’W ‘ o‘  

achieve the law's niand‘story limit

' of no more thanxthijee unrelated

personsliving together in the
same apartment. _ ' ‘

The University. according to
O’Leary. is also looking at some
long term solutions tothe pro-

Students stand to loSe_much aid
' [if Reagan ’5 proposed cuts stick

By Beth Flnneran
STAFF WRITER '

Middle income students could be devastated by
Guaranteed Student Loan cuts recently proposed
by President Reagan, as 32 percent of SUNYA
students who receive the loans could lose their
aid. said the University's Director of Financial
Aid Donald Whitlock.

Reagan’s proposal will be formally presented
to Congress on February 4. said Eric Bowman. a
United States 'Student Association Board
member from SUNYA.

Reagan's proposal would make a family in-
come level of $32,500 the cut-off for Guaranteed
Student Loans and an income level of $25,000
the cut-off for Pell Grants, ignoring other factors
such as family size that may affect need. accor-
ding to a memo by Whitlock.

“if you have more than one student in school
you’ll be out of luck," said Bowman. ’

in addition. Reagan's proposal includes a ceil-
ing of $4,000 on federal aid, which includes both
loans and grants. according to Whitlock's report.

Bowman emphasized that this cap of $4.000
hurts graduate students who currently receive up
to $5,000 in aid, as well as students attending
private" institutions, which cost substantially
more than $4,000.

. Senator Robert'l‘. Stafford. (R-Vermont) and
ATChair of the " atc's Pos § ' ’

     

cut‘s d‘urih‘g‘ d telephone interview; "To cap the
eligibility'for the (Guaranteed Student Loan)
program at $32,500.or to limit aid per student to
$4,000 a year isabsolutely ludicrous and will
meet with strong opposition," he said. adding he
“would suggest that anyone advocating the
elimination of a good portion of middle income
families from the Guaranteed Student Loan

Education __ .  .
'~ - ~ ' ' "ween 530100016 543000 is that they’re already

loan program."

"Middle income families have not asked for a
free ride from the federal government, only
limited assistance which the student will pay back
after school. Without it many students will be
unable to attend the school of their choice or at-
tend college at all," he continued. .

According to Whitlock. if Reagan’s proposals
are passed 1,500 of the current 4.760 SUNYA
GSL recipients will be eliminated from the pro-'
gram. Those no longer qualiﬁed would be forced
to use Parent or Auxilliary Loans at rates of
about l2 percent interest. while GSLs are cur-
rently avaiable at 8 percent. Furthermore. Parent '
Loan recipients would have to begin paying back
both the principal sum and the interest im-
mediately after taking out the loan. while GSL
recipients do not begin repayment until after they
finish school.

Whitlock also noted that projections indicate
that 10 percent of SUNYA's students already
receiving Pell Grants would no longer qualify.
These students are usually from large families
and have already been driven to take out loans
due to previous grant reductions. he said.

The major problem of Reagan's proposal is
that it doesn't take into consideration needs bas-
ed on differentfamily circumstances. Whitlock
said. ‘ »

“The problem before any of these families bet—

ﬁnding it' difﬁcult to receive ﬁnancial aid — in
other words. it's another heavy blow to the mid-
dle class," Whitlock said.

Whitlock illustrated the problems inherent in
the proposal by using the example of a family
with one child and an income of $31,000 which
would qualify for aid while a family with six
children. four in college and an income oi‘

an “overnight sweep" of all

blem. and is talking with local
. I . 15> gram does not understand the purpose of the

 

 

15>

 

Students beg'in"statewide Ethiopian relief drive

By J. Mlchael Malec

A group of students has been organized
in Albany to raise funds to aid the famine
stricken East African nation of Ethiopia.
Calling themselves Students Opposing
Poverty in Ethiopia, or STOP, the group is
chaired state-wide by SUNYA student
Madeline Cuomo. and is organizing com-
mittees on SUNY campuses across the
state. according to Upstate Coordinator.
Michael Freedman.

Students at Albany will have the chance
to donate food to the Ethiopian famine
relief movement simply by not eating one
meal at their quad cafeterias February 13.
which is just one of several planned events.

The group was formed by Cuomo' and

others who share her concern for the plight .

of the starving, shortly after newspaper
and television accounts of the crisis began
to appear. said Freedman. Chapters have
been organized across the state since u
STOP presentation at a Student Associa-
tion of the State University (SASU) con-
ference. he added.

“Students Opposing Poverty is
dedicated toward casing suffering and
famine in Ethiopia." said Cuomo. “By en-
couraging student leadership to bring the
problem to the attention of'young people
We are conﬁdent that wejwlll make a
difference." I;

On February sixth. Governor Mario
Cuomo will issue a proclamation
designating February as African Famine
allelic! Month in, NeW‘York State. intrup-
port of stem thorium: signing will

take place at “:00 am. in the Campus
Center Assembly Hall at SUNYA.
Echoing the Governor's recurrent theme
of the “Family of New York," the pro-
clamation says in part: "In a crisis where
half a million people will die of hunger in a
single year in just one African country. we
must- extend our boundaries as a State as,
we extend ,our arms as a family." The

 

    
 

Governor concludes by asking every New
Yorker to consider making a cOntribution
'io a relief organization, and to include the
African people in their prayers.

Most events on this and other SUNY
campuses will coincide with the State-
proclsimed month, including the one meal
fast on February l3 as a centerpiece to
Hunger Awareness Week. UAS will be

FULL HOUSE -— Tho ﬁathskollar was packed 'l'hurgduy evening as students crammed In to support the Unlvoulty's on-
' . r '4 . .

cooperating with STOP on the fast for
meal card holders. while commuters and
off-campus students may contribute
directly to the SUNYA campus STOP
committee. according to Campus Co-
Chair. Joanne Fuchs. at tables in the Cam-

pus Center lobby.
Fuchs reported other events during the
15>

 

EMOA BMIGIL UPS

 

