2a Aspects

 

  

Qstober._1,1, 198.5

 

 

UCBandWCDB's
Third World '

. [Co-,promOte an evening'of
 Reggae with the original.

WQUEERS '

kmmnﬂdbmanﬂ'
featuring Jimmy Riley 1

Friday, Oct. ' r 8. 8:00 pm |
in Campus Center BalerOm ‘

$6 wl tax sticker or $9 wlout .
Tickets go on sale Tues.. 0ct.8. 1.] am
in Campus Center Lobby
and weekdays follo'wing. .

liked Astro. The lighting was funky,’ and then I’ll draw a blank. [don't even have a

 

The first time I worked—oh Aspects production, I was under”surveillanc_e'.. I was a
new ASPie, and the editors were testing me. They. contrived semi-natural conversa~
tions and threw in, "I loved Dante’s Inferno, didn’tvyou?” and‘pther'cominon small
talk. I was doing okay by just nodding and smiling a lot,  someone asked me
how to spell Jefferson Airplane. I made a big mistake. I said, “What’s that, a TV

show?"

music test. I had to do something fast. I said, "Look, I’m going to admit'it'n‘ght
away. I don't knOw anything about music. I listen, to whateVer my brother listens
to, and he doesn’t have any Jefferson Airport records."'InterrogationStopped, and
the editors decided to scout a good music editor.. Fortunately, they found Mike
Ec‘k. ‘ g . ‘ I - . I ~ 3

I’m working on familiarizing myself with music, now. When ,VUB40 played at
Proctor's a few weeks ago, I was there to‘ find out what reggae was.:l told Mike that
I really enjoyed the show, and he suggested that I write a' review for Aspects. I
choked. "Look, Mike," | stammered, “If I write a review,"it’ll say,.fUB4O was neat. 1

photo to take up space: He‘ understood. That'swhy he's the music editor.

For this week's centerfold, the Aspects staff (not including myself) wrote about
clubs in Albany. There are a lot of exciting new bands around, and We'd  to
make the SUNYA community more aware of where to" find them. I’m going to
read it, too. 4 . V .

A'sl was writing this column, I asked someone how to spell Jefferson Airplane.
He said, "Well, are you sure you mean Jefferson Airplane? ’Cause a few years ago,
they became Jefferson Starship, and then there was this whole lawsuit and all,
because there weren’t enough people from the‘original band to be'still. getting the
publicity associated with Jefferson Airplane, so now they're just Starship."

Igave up and asked Mike Eck. _'. ’  a “ w

  

They were petrified. Someone whispered in, my ear, ’flt's a‘g'roup'.".l failedgthe. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

ANNOUNCING THE

4
l .

 

 

 

 

 

 

LOCATED AT THC/r

 LECTU R6 CCNTCK
DAILY 8°°-IOE°AM - ° 1

- ﬁ‘-° ‘ .

 

 
   
 

 

FEATURINi‘r:

irBAGéTS .
tDANIST-t ’

i: d u I (:65
«Yoeu iZTS
aMucsMuoi MORE

msieeis svrue'é oozeNr-m

PRESENTED w.
uuxvusrrr AUXILIARY SELVICES

 

  

For a moment we are lovers -
‘ in love again
I need to hold you near
When I walk into’ your room
1' know your mood
know your thoughts
That devilish smile
you’ve become a facade
' entirely for me
Cold hands on my abdomen
raise goose flesh
you smile
. a_s‘l wince
Then your shirt is untucked _
But my hands are far colder

   

I wake from my dream
where each day was ecstasy
. with the pain of my
first love lost
I look at'my‘hands
‘ that you thought were
so soft
they are older, rougher
My arms are muscular
strong, hairy I
almost smooth

andr' wonder if 1,,will

1 ever hold you 3

in them
again

Carl Parker

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

' frank‘way’of'lddkinglat th‘ ‘
; ger," she saysearly’in 
' meone's gotta be happy
' well be me.”7  H ,. I a

Sweet Dreams, while' a'chroni'cle‘oft e. .

.. nmﬁwmviﬁwmnn‘mr ' u m,.m,w_

.1....»i~ n.“ unaw-

—r- ..-—....—~._.,.-? W,

‘o “I «New: pu"'

uhnmmww. w” n" - v “a

 

   

   

weet Dreams is the story. of Patsy

SCline, country singing star. It's that ‘

simple. Or that complicated.

Rhonda Friedman

 

 Patsy Cline did not have in" exactly 'n'or- '
mal‘life. Still, through. all her ups and
,.. downs she maintained her,- charmingy

Ya,‘ ., '
Rigs

        

 

      
 

singer’s life, is not,v.ho.wev_e_r, ‘a 

'watch her struggle to the top’ film. We do ‘_ '
not see Patsy running from audition to:

audition, slaving away in an effort to rise .

to stardom, and prove herself 'a’ success. ~

Rather, she is more-family oriented than
one might expect. Her main concern in life
is simply to make enough money to retire
and live in a nice big house "with yellow
roses all around it.” .' ‘ '

William

I trailblazing American novelist. a‘
4 ‘ Amajorvname in American fiction,

part of a new breed -..'." This is
how Thomas Smith, assistant director of
the New York State Writer’s Institute,
describes William Styron, who will present
a reading on October 15 “£00 pm. at
Page Hall. Although it is not known
specifically what he will be presenting, it is

, .suspected that he will read from a work in

progress, soliciting reactions from the au-
dience. Afterwards, there will be an oppor-
tunity for questions from the audience.

. Robyn Stein.

Styron, most famous for his novel
Sophie‘s Choice received the Pulitzer Prize
for The Confessions of Nat Turner, a novel
based on the testimony given by a slave
who had led a brief revolt against slave
owners. When it was published in 1967, at
the height of the civil rights movement, it
was considerd quite controversial. Leaders
in the black community saw his portrait of
Nat as unrealistic and based on white
stereotypes, but the book was a literary
and popular success, nonetheless.

Sophie’s Choice, his most successful
novel, was also published at a time when
the public’s Interest in its subJect matter
was at a peak. In 1979, a renewed concern
about the Holocaust had been spreading
across the nation. and the time was right to

 

 

 

Cast in the main role is none other than

, for her soft-spoken passivity in
Tootsie. She does a delightful about-face
,  timearound as the bubbly, fun-loving
Patsy Cline. It is hard to believe that the
‘_ tinyiid'victim from Tootsie is now the ear-
thy."sbu_thern wenchwho'll take no bull
from'anyone, Her character, however, is
‘53? ' I islike’;.no sooner is her head

 

- .tﬂunbynﬁgckjindefiance than it. is tilted for~ -

1% Maddy laughter -- and both she

 

 

what.‘ the fight, if there was one, was about
. in the first place. ‘ l ' A
Ed Harris is convincing as Patsy's hus-
' band, the charming and sensual (albeit un-
' mistakably lower class) Charlie Dick. He is
a man who, though engulfed by his love

banal desires. He is easy to fall in love
with, easy to forgive. We feel Patsy's pas-
sionate adoration for him, coupled with
frustrated rage at his weaknesses. Perhaps

 

Styron 1‘?

tell the story of Sophie, a beautiful Polish
Catholic, who survived Auschwitz but lost

esteem there. When Meryl Streep gave her
stunning performance of Sophie on film,
the book became all the more popular.

sions of Nat Turner Styron's style has been
to take history and give a personal inter-
pretation of it. Styron admitted that he did
not adhere closely to Nat Turner’s
testimony, but that his novel was a
“meditation on history." And with Sophie’s
Choice, he said in an interview that, "I
didn’t get to know [Sophie’s prototype]
very well and the story as it evolves in the
book is made up. But what I realized is that
it was necessary for me to write about
Auschwitz . . . It was the same sort of ter-
ritory, modernized, that I explored in The
C onlessr‘ons of Nat Turner. ”

There has been some criticism of the fact
that Styron has written about subjects that
might be considered foreign to a white
southern Protestant. One critic wrote in
response, "The question is not whether
Styron has a right to use alien experiences.
but whether his novel proves that he
knows what he is writing about. In this in-
stance, the overriding answer is yes.”

On October Is, the SUNYA communi-
ty will have the opportunity to decide for
themselves. Cl

 

the beautiful Jessica Lange, who many may-

audi'e‘ri'c'e‘ have‘forg'otten entirely ‘

for Patsy, remains en‘slaVed by his own‘

 

both of her children and most of her self- ‘

In both Sophie’s Choice and The Confes- I

 

 

  
 

  

she could have done better by most stan-
dards — but for Patsy Cline there was no
one else.

Another wonderful performance is that
of Anne Wedgeworth, Patsy’s mother. She

is simple and straightforward. She has been ‘

through her own hell and back and knows
how to take care of herself as well as her
daughter, come what may. Yet, like her
daughter, she is still full of life and youth

: and hasnot forgotten how to laugh. The

rapport between the two on screen is
delicious. They're giggling like schoolgirls
at a dirty joke one minute, falling quickly
into typical mother and daughter roles the
next. The relationship, while a source of
strength for Patsy, is also a source of
humor for the movie. Well into her thir-
ties, we see Patsy threatened that she's “still

_ not too old to go over mama's knee if you
,don't keep a civil tongue in your head!"

The fierce loyalty from her mother is really
the only thing Patsy can definitely count
on ‘

 

 

oked .01” 

 

An interesting feature of Sweet Dreams
is the meshing of the glamour of stardom
with the crassness of southern small town
living. The "yankee" audience is in for a
refreshing array of (oftenvcolorful) expres-
sions and a modcof behavior that is truly a
lesson in southern culture. There is a cer-
tain charm in the down-to-earth informali-
ty we find in this Virginian town; we are
caught up, not only in the lives of the prin-
cipal characters, but in their world as well.
But then Patsy Cline’s life always was a
mixture of these two worlds. Even while
becoming more and more successful, she
never lost perspective of who she was or -
what she wanted. She never stopped being
a down home gal — and never allowed
fame to control her life. Patsy reveled in
her triumphs; she reaped the benefits
wholeheartedly; but it never consumed
her, never became her reason for living.

50 it seems that, in a sense, Patsy Cline's

‘ singing career is almost incidental to the

story. That is the problem; we are not sure
whether the movie is really about her
career or if maybe the singing just made
good background music. The film certainly
appears to concentrate more on Patsy's per-
sonal life. Yet this is confusing to the
viewer, who is expecting to watch Patsy
Cline kicking and fighting to get to the top.

Another problem comes in the form (or
lack of it, rather) of theme. in short, what is
it? On the one hand, we are presented with
a voracious, strong-willed woman who
busts her butt to make it as a country
singer. She overcomes obstacles, etc:, etc.,
and so forth, but was it really that impor-
tant to her? The answer, apparently, is no
— not without a fulfilling family life. So
then why does the whole movie seem to
be based on her singing career? Is this film
telling us to go for it all? Or to give up
now, 'cause we can't have everything we
want?

On the more simple level of a life story,
Sweet Dreams is a_very interesting account
of Patsy Cline's life and times. It is only if
you look for more than that. that you will
be disappointed. Jessica Lange is a natural.
and definately the best reason to see the
movie. You will walk out of it with a new
insight into the life of Patsy Cline. Oh,
yes. . . about those yellow roses. . . does
she get them? Well, you'll have to see the
movie. I

ASP Rating: 4

 
     

 

