 

12 Aspects on Tuesday

 

The funny fic

lan Sillitoe grew up in a large English
A family in which five children shared

one bed. To keep his brothers and
sisters quiet at night, he told them stories.
At this stage in his life, Sillitoe's talent serv-
ed to prevent his father from getting angry.
He did not recognize these early years as
the foundation of a very successful career
as a novelist, short story writer, poet, and
children's book author.

Loren Ginsberg

When he was it years old, Sillitoe was
given a standardized test to determine
whether he was intelligent enough for a
college education. He failed. After failing
the test again the following year, he took
out a book on how to become a writer.
The message he got from the first sentence
was, "if you are reading these words
without moving your lips, you, too, can
become a writer."

He decided to educate himself by
reading. "When i started to read at the age
of 20, lwas so impressed by books, idecid-
ed to write some," says Sillitoe. "i'm sure
it's as much a mystery to me as it is to
you. .. by blind chance i became a
writer."

His first six novels were rejected, and
Sillitoe confesses, There was a good
reason why they were never published;
They were no good." He continued to
write, and after five rejections. the novel
Saturday Night and Sunday Morning was
published. selling over a million copies.
The Loneliness of the Long Distance Run-
ner, a book which Sillitoe claims "wrote
itself" in two sittings, was another outstan-
ding literary success. Since then he has

published several novels, short stories,
poetry collections, and children's books.

On Thursday evening, April it, Alan
Sillitoe read from several of his works at

Woody’

oody Allen's latest film, The Purple
N   Rose of Cairo, celebrates and ex~

amines motion pictures, in par
ticular the glossy American musicals of the
19305, by breaking down, as he's done in
the past, the effect of movies on both au-
diences and filmmakers.

John Labate

In a brilliant opening scene that
foreshadows the story, Cecilia (Mia Far-
row), a simple, day-dreaming waitress,
stares glossy~eyed at a movie poster. Her
face expresses all the delight of a child let
loose at a carnival. While her imagination
drifts, a dreamy Fred Astaire recording of
"Cheek to Cheek" plays in the
background. When a letter from the mar-
quee crashes behind her. the captivation is
broken, the music stops abruptly, and
Cecilia is thrown back into reality ~- New
Jersey during the depressed [9305. The
central focus of Purple Rose concerns the
unique ability of movies to effect our reali~
ty through illusion. '

Like the underrated Interiors (1978), Pur~
ple Rose is a rare Woody Allen film which
features him as screenwriter and director,
but not actor. In many ways this is a depar-
ture from typical Allen films, but it is con-
slstant with his long obsession of the
significance of his favorite medium — film.

in Play It Again, 5.1m (1971), when
Allen‘s insecure comic anti~hero was
featured as a captivated movie fan, he pit-
ted his own insecurity against the cool

strength of his movie hero, Humphrey
Bogart, who became his inspiration (as well
as his sex therapist). For Stardust Memories
([980). Allen switched roles, becoming a
famous comedy actor/director who had no
control over his fans; they trapped him by
demanding laughter though he insisted he
didn't want to make funny movies
anymore. Purple Rose shares the surreal

 

 

 

 

‘ l

. . i W »
SUNYA's Performing Arts Center as a
guest of the New York State Writer's ln-
stilute. His first selection was from Raw
Material, a semivautobiographical novel
about his four grandparents. “I would not
write my own autobiography," states
Sillitoe. "That is certainly not necessary.”
His characters are somewhat fictionalized
because, in a novel. "the truth really
doesn't stand much of a chance."

Sillitoe chose to read about Burton, his
maternal grandfather, who firmly believed
that "work is a virtue— the only one." The
author comments, "While l partly agreed,
it must have been the other side that led
me to become a writer." The passage
creates a vivid and humorous characteriza-
tion of Burton, a man so stern that, "if he
loved his children at all, he did so until
they began to grow up and show what
they were made of."

 

 

S

p—r...

 

 

Quality of both these films. Allen has pro- .

gressed: he's not blatantly incorporating
stand-up comedy routines for laughs.
rather, he is crafting a more even, stylish,
and subtler comedy.

Allen embellishes this film with so much
richness and attention to detail, that it
comes across as a loving farce of a grand
era: not as ridicle. but as corny tribute. He
works seriously, though, at‘building con-
trasts between reality and imagined vi-
sions. The whole film might be a short
delusion in the mind of a rnoviegoer. a
split-second daydream.

The Purple Rose of Cairo is a movie-
within‘a-movie. Cecilia, a poor girl who's
married to a bully, goes to the movie
theater to escape her unhappy life. While
she watches The Purple Rose of Cairo for
the seventh time, one of the film's roman-

 

 

tic leads, Tom Baxter (Jeff Daniels), falls in

,W  ,, N” ‘Hv‘rulAJ .-.. -.. .. .,1._.._....‘; «c. a... . \Nt....c.---wnt<~.vwanna), '5‘...

  
   

 

is it radar is it real? 

tion of Sillitoe 

 
   

' ried, and then she's finished!"
Sillitoe ended his

 

love with her, and steps out of the film into
the real world to be with her, Tom doesn't
exactly sweep Cecilia off her fact,- he has
some troubles living in the real world.
When he kisses her in a park. he can't
understand why the fade‘out is missing.
Tom’s disappearance from his film causes a
small national scandal forcing the pro-
ducers and the actor who played Tom in
the film to rush to New Jersey in search of
the missing character.

Meanwhile, back in the movie theater,
the action of the movie stops while the‘
other characterslounge around, unable to
continue without-Torn. Like the Bogart
character in Play. It Again Sam, these
characters interact with the audience. They
talk to them, argue with them, and argue
with each other about who has the most

.c . ,. ,.~ may... a...»

 

The next selection was taken from the
novel The Storyteller. Sillitoe describes the
main character, Ernest, as "a teller of stories
but not a writer of stories. There is a world
of difference." in the novel Ernest is telling
a story one day, and the person about
whom he is speaking is in the audience.
The listener realizes that the story is about
him and makes it his life's ambition to kill
the storyteller. Sillitoe decided to read
about Ernest's relationship with his wife,
Marian. in order to prevent Marian from
becoming bored with their marriage, "He
had made up tales of his affairs with other
women to amuse her, and there was, he
decided, no greater love than that." After
many hilarious accounts of the details of
this troubled marriage, Marian concludes,
"A woman isn't complete until she's mar-

» _‘ :API'H' to" "i965 V

t

   

reading a short story called Chicken.
Although it is set in Nottingham, where
the author grew .upgit is‘purély, fictional.
Sillitoe explains. "Nothiiig‘ could be this
ludicrous’.’f in the story a boy steals a live
. chicken and brings itjhor
He and his brothers embark on the task of
killing their prize, and they'run into some
very funny a'nd'graphically. described pre-
blems. They,beheadctheicliicken, but it
refuses to die and beginsi’tltfighting for its
life new harder than'whe'niitvhad its head
to think with." Onebrdf‘her’assures the

 

 

 

clock. . . then we'll get the ble'ederl" The
chicken eventually finds its way into the
home of a neighbor, where adinner party
is in progress. it is here that,.finally. "it fell
dead in the salad." -

The SUNYA audience laughed en-
thusiastically throughout the performance,
enjoying the talented writing and lively,
expressive reading of Alan Sillitoe. After
the reading he freely discussed his career as
a’ writer. "Someone once asked me, 'Do
you ever have writer's block?‘ and l
answered, 'l’m sorry to say i don’t.”' Sillitoe
uses the approach of first creating a person,
and he finds that his ideas easily develop
from the character. "i can never begin
unless i have a person. Once you've got a
person, you've got two people, and that's
troublel" V , , V

Most of the author's itime is spent
rewriting. "My day is spent in a very
wasteful way," he admits. .1'l'm in myroom
for so long all during the ‘day. until one in
the morning. Some days l may spend three
hours taking out a comma and then
another three hours putting it back again."
Although it is often a Very frustrating pro-
cess, Sillitoe continues to write. "Every
time i'm in the middle of a novel i say,
'Never againul'm not cut out for it.’ But

 

presentation by

 

one gets ideas. You can't waste them." El

  
      

important part, as well. ~ .

The film really takes off when Tom re-
enters the movie world with Cecilia. Now
able to resume the movie, the characters

spend a night<on-the-town at the
Copacabana. All‘en lets loose, creating a
stylized tribute to high-society musicaIS.
replete with glitzy city lights, tap dancing
waiters: and endless bottles of champagne
(which are only ginger ale. because as
we're told. movies aren‘t real).

Allen contrasts the exhuberant movie
world of make-believe with the dcprcswd
real world. For anyone who feels limited
by black and white cinematography, not”
which story is shot in black apdwhlte, and
which in color. Then' think,abou_t which
world Is more animated. I

. Keep on growing, Woodya, Cl
.tr

  

or his family;

other,:"lt'll run down in aﬁit like an alarm'

 

 

 

. - soun'dwithythe brass instruments? which‘
‘ . draw  the feellnwm the vocllsarut ac-

- - mm-uwvmwmpmu

 

    
  

kept. secret- -

l y if you're lo'oking‘for a different type of
album which doesn't have that same guitar,
bass, and drum sound, an album that takes
a wide range of instruments and creates an
extremely full sound, an album that not
only contains tunes of toe-tapping propor-
tions, but'soft ballads, you can have‘all that
in Joan Armatrading's latest effort Secret
Secrets. .

By far the best songs on the album and
the ones "getting the most airplay on
' WCDB are “Temptation” and "Moves."
"Temptation" is arranged and written by
Joan, as are all'the songs on the album. This
song uses not just the basic rock instrument
combination of guitar, bass, and drum, but .
adds a vibrant horn section of saxophone,
trumet, and trombone. The ~ melody
reminds the listener that the‘ brass instru-
ment can make a piece of music very ex-
citing and can perk up the aesthetic ex~
perience. Joan‘s beautiful voice tops off the
instrumentation in the music quite well.
"Moves" is a tune that lacks the horn sec-
tion, but lives up to its name and it's véry
catchy. The lyrics tell of the p’ioblem that
many people have of not being able to ap-
proach the one, whom you're most at
tracted to- "l pick your facefrom a thou-
sand smiles, why don’t i know hovv to
make you mine/5 " ‘ -

“Love By You" is the album’s best‘at-

tempt at a slow love ballad. lt coriains only

a piano to back up Joan‘s voice. Joan sings

z of the obsession that accompanies true love

and wanting only that one person forever.

lt‘s‘ a lyrical song that has plenty of emo~

tion packed into it. The fine pianist is none
other that'iJoe Jackson.

Though side two doesn't match up to the
exectations created from the impact of the
first side, it's not bad. It. comes back with
the chorus of brass instruments and the
strains of Joan Armatradingﬁs voice in
“Thinking Man" and “Friends notiovers.“
Yet on the last three songs, the melodies
seem to slouch a bit. The songs are trying
to capture the energy and emotion
generated on the first side but lack the‘
same intensity. i'm not saying they're bad
songs, but they're "a disappointment after
the fantastic start of the album.

The alblim   may“ well be
Joan Armatradlng’a, best effort. lJnllke her
other alhurn'l.-sh¢,cmt« a much fuller

Armatrading’s Well

  
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
      
   
   
      
   

centuate her powerful voice. The lyrics tell
of love and its heartache in a, way that
touches a chord within the listener. The
album may well have its weak points. but
they are by far overshadowed. Take.a
listen to this album, there, is something for
everyone. A

5.2“

~Howard Lilies V

 

_ loan can once again be seen and heard this

‘Fr'iday night at the Palace Theater for all
those her missed her powerful ‘perfor- v
mance at Proctor’s last week. ' . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

» CBS—FM:

.the other CBS-FM artists, Bolling and

dacoustic harp. instead of'ﬁligiing it in the
3 classical manner. he leans towards a South;

‘ «r twaamu-rw 3....

 

Aspects on Tuesday 13

 

 

   

—new sound

ind ustr’y giant. -
Claude Bolling

Claude Bolling, pianist, virtually defined
the genre of jazz-classical crossover music
with-his Suite for Flute and jazz Piano in
collaboration will‘iJeanePierre Rampal. His
:first release on the CBS-FM label, la” a I.)
francaise, offers more vintage iazz-- upbeat,
bright and bouncy. Like a good wine, Boll-
,ing's style only has become more refined
with age. '

The title cut is right out of the Claude
Bolling songbook, a racing. romping, sw-
ing composition. in contrast. "Carnerama,"
a romantic piece. brings to mind images of
a ballroom dance floor, dimly lit at even-
ings end. "Blue Kids from Brazil," .1 lightly
syncopated jaw. salsa, is a catchy, uplifting.
high spirited piece with everything but the
'dance floor. A pure joy. Bolling's piano

 

Andreas Vollenweider

You probably won't hear Andreas
Vollenwcider's latest album, or his
previous two for that matter. on too many
radio stations begide WCDB and WRl’l.
The reason being that his music doesn't fit
neatly into the categories of pop, jazz or
classical. but best fits under the "new breed
of elevated mood music" which has an at-
mospheric quality about it. The title. White
Winds perhaps gives the best imagery that
one can conceive of. '

Vollcnweider plays his ~free-floating
compositions on a modified electro-

American style, resulting in melodic
tapestry that weaves images of light and
half forgotten dreams. as if floating
through a spiritual universe.

The album fuses the sounds of percus-
sion, wind instuments, keyboards and
vocals reminiscent of Shadowfax. The
pieces flow into one another setting a tran-

Apsaras

Apsaras is the most recent addition to the
CBS»FM label. in their debut album of‘the
same name, this group of young Japanese
musicians combine the once foreign in-
fluences of rock and reggae With distinctly
Eastern' nuances. Although pleasant and
hypnotic, one might find that beyond set-
ting a comfortable mood, the group lacked
the spark of originality that characterize

Vollenweider.

new label

Was it jazz? Was it classical? Could you classify it at all? These must have been some of the
questions CBS record executives were asking themselves when they decided to create a new
label for Claude Bolling, Andreas Vollenweicler and Apsaras The label is called CBS>FM and
it promises to offer a full spectum of commercial sounds not previously catagurized by this

 

 

Jirrriill‘ilfranealae M i

work is once again a loc~tapping success.

To no one's surpise, Bolling ha:- just
released a big band record entitled Lire at
the [\rlc-r'idian. Maybe next time, he'll add
the dance floor!

 

i
l
‘i
i
l

l
-i

  

 

i‘» “.Cv' '

 

‘quil mobld,‘yetleach piece creates its own
space and imagery. it's as if one can see the
moon in "Phases of Three Moons" or glide
one's hand through water in "The. White
Boat (First View)." The locals are haunting
as if leading one through uncliaitc-red seas.

So if you need another vacation. yet find
Atlantis somewhat out of reach, then un'
winding to Vollenweider's White Winds is

 

the key to the space beyond time.

 

 

tion.

 

 

—

 

We can only hope that CBS wll futher its initiative in finding artists that defy categorizations
and make unique musical statements. Certainly the CBSFM label is a step in the right direc-

«Andy Morfopoulos and Rina Young

 

 

The Albany Symphony Orchestra

The Albany Symphony Orchestra, con-
ducted by Julius Hegyi, recently recorded .
their first album at Troy Music Hall. The
recording, according to Time Magazine, is
quite impressive and indeed it is. On the
album are four selections composed in the
late twenties and early thirties u a tran-
sitory time in music history. "Sea
Drift"(l9.\3) by John Carpenter, is a
meditative piece opening with deep.»quict
strings which tranquilly progress in a wave-
liké motion with occasional crescendo.
Henry Hadley's "Scherzo Diaboli-
que"(l934) is a suspenseful, devilish piece
that brings to mind “Night on Bald Mount
taln" from the movie Fantasia. The."Clun~

 

Gregory Mason is dedicated to Thoreau.
The piece begins on a joyous note and con-
tinues in an upbeat manner through in-
creased syncopation and chromaticism.
Quincy Porter‘s "Dance in Three-
Time"(l937) is an elegant piece dominated
by a horn motif which repeats throughout.

The Albany Symphony Orchestra has
built a name for itself in the field of con-
temporary, American music and this recor~
ding is a prime example of their talent and
enthusiasm.

-Stacey Kern

 

 

tlclecr Festival Overature'thé) by David-

The Albany Symphony Orchestra can be
heard Friday night at the Tray Savings
Bank Music Hall and at the Palace Theatre
on Saturday night.

 

 

