 

 

BUSINESS

NATIONAL AFFAIRS

WILLIAM J. BENNETT

 

u . yI
. ~ \ ' E‘t
.-IIlIl(tp(1I‘I/lt.‘l(l(lt'm0H.\'fl'(ll0l‘.\' at l'(.'. "Pr/(0,“)? A crisis qfcunxcicnce on the campus

giants. like Mobil. General Motors. Ford.

regularly challenged by shareholders over
their South African investments. Most de—
fend themselves by pointittg to their adher—
ence to the “Sullivan Principles." drafted in
1977 by the Rev. Lcon I}. Sullivan. a I’hila-

directors. His statctnent oﬁ'ers six principles
Ofconduct for companies doittg business in
Sottth Africa—among thetn desegregating
work places. paying equal salaries for equal
work and training nonwhites for manageri-
al positions.

re the principles ntaking any diﬂ‘er‘
A encc'.’ Likealmost everything else in

South Africa. the answer depends
on yottr poittt of view. The most recent
tnonitorittg report. prepared by Arthur D.
Little Inc.. of Cambridge. Mass. gave a
mixed review. Thirty-two ﬁrms. including
GM and IBM. ranked in the “making good
progress" category. Another 44. including
Ford attd Gillette. were rated as "making
progress.“ 'I‘hirty-two others. including
Motorqu and Carnation. were said to
"need to becotne ntore active." Still. the
report says that all work stations in the
sttrveyed companies ltavc been desegregat-
ed and that blacks hold morejobs than they
once did. The bad news is that only I to 0
percent of managerial appoitttments go to
nonwhites, and the percentage ol'nonwhites
training for these jobs has fallen.

No one pretends that this recot'd is cntirc-
ly satislactory. “The bottom jobs are still
full of blacks attd Colored. arid the whites
are still on the top." complains Jennifer
Davis of the Atncrican Committee on Afri-
ca. "I‘he Sullhan Principles maintain and
strengthen the whole system." lint. counter

 

10

Goodyear. IBM and Union Carbide. are t

depltia pastor who serves on G M's boal'd of ‘

est American investmentsare concentrated 1 American executives. critics must be more
inoil.auto. miningand rubberworks. These . realistic. “We all agree that it is a morally ‘

" manner.“ That consideration weighs heavi-

indefensible system and that it should

be changed.“ says William Broderick of .
Ford Motor Co. “The realdilfereneeisovcr '
i the employees' money." The likelicst out—

the tnost effective means to achieve such
changes. Sullivan signatories say stay. attd
work for change on the spot.“

This moderate approach ltas great appeal
to university administrators. since it both
assumes the possibility of rational reform

attd cttdorscs the tnaitttcnancc of lucrative .
1 investments But it‘s a hard sell to campus ,

activists. as Columbia's weary Dean l’ol-
lack ltas learned. Chairman ofa university
investment-revicw cottttnittee. I’ollaek rec-
ommended last November at tnultistep ap-
proaclt to the problem that appears to have
cost ltim support on both sides. While op-
posing outright divestment. the group sup-
ported refraining from any new investments
in cotnpanics that deal with South Africa
and leading alt etl'ort by a consortium of

universities lostitl'cn the Sullivan rttlcs. Stu- t

dent opponents ﬁnd this
approach namby-pamby.
yet it may still be too stern
for the trustees. “The re-
port is not a sellout." l’ol-
lack says. “It lntrts me
that people think that.“
Is there life after divest-
ment'.’Theaiiswerappears
to be yes. In I978. follow-
ing a round ol'st udent pt't)‘
tests. the University of
Wisconsin sold till all its
shares in lirms that had
South African ties. The
state school unloaded S‘Ht
million worth of stocks
and bondsal a paper loss of
about $850000. The deci-
sion to sell. incidentally.

.S'ulli ran: .Il nmtlt'ro/prilu'iplm

did not come from the regents. Instead.
Wisconsin Attorney General Bronson La
Follettc ordered the sale. after uncovering
an obscure state law that prohibits the lllll-
versin frotn doing business with companies
that condone racial discrimination. The
Texas regents have refused to sell their
stocks. in part because ofworries over their

. portt‘olio's future. But thatjadgment too isa
“ matter for debate. Student groups ltavc
pointed to a 1082 trust-company report ar-

guing that investments in large companies

‘ without ties to South Africa actually per-

fortned slightly better than the major stock-

: II‘liII‘kCIZIVCI‘iIgC.

Rate of return is sttre to be one of the
central issues in little when the California
regents take up a special report on divest-
ment. About $1.7 billion oftltesystem‘s $5.5
billion portfolio is invested in companies
with South African ties. The stakes could
hardly be higher: a complete UCdivestment
would be larger than all ofthc other campus

‘ sales combined. Ninety percent of tltese
. shares support stall and faculty pension

funds. and the regents who serve as trustees
are bound by law to behave in a “prudent

ly on regent Joseph Moore. who says. “It‘s
not my money or the stttdents‘ money. it‘s

cotne is that the regents will not opt for
divestment but may otlicially protest
apartheid.

ltcther or not UC divests. “The
divestment campaign keeps the
South African government nerv-

ous attd worried. so it does have an effect."
according to UC‘s resident expert on

1 South Africa. political science l’rof. Rob-

ert Price. “The paradox is that it‘s a
powerful tool until [it‘s tlscd. Once sanc-
tions are invoked. the power is lost.“ No
university investor could state the creed
any better. and for the moment it appears
likely that few schools will challenge
Price‘s analysis. From llarvard‘s Derek
liok to Stanford's Donald Kennedy. the
_ leadership hopes to have it
botlt ways: righteous state-
ments and a reasonable re-
turn. What university au-
thorities appear to believe
is that the current South
African regime will last
awhile. whether they like
it or not. But if they coit-
tinae to invest. and they
have misjudged thc explo-
sive political situation.
their dividendchecksmay
be consumed in the tire

nest titnc.
:\l{|(' VIII)“: it uh amt/tat)

_\1.r\| NINt'

n. malt... It'\.ts. sitAttoN
WAXMAN In Ne“ York
and lllllt'llll tcpolls

NI WSWI'IIK UN (‘AMI'IIS/AI'RII. I‘M

 

 

Why We Should Cut Federal Aid

Within days of his confirmation or the

secretary of education. William J. Bennett
supported cuts in student aid that would bar
anyone with afamily income above $32,500
from receiving a Guaranteed Student Loan
and would limit the total amount of federal
aid to $ 4. 000. If thir crea ted a finan cial pin ch.
Bennett suggested. some students might try
‘kterco divestiture, automobile divestiture.
three-weeks-at-thc-beach divestiture. " In
two recent interviews. NEWSWEEK educa-
tion editorDcnnisA. WilliamsaskedBennctt
about studcitrﬁnaltcial aid and his views on
highercducation.‘

WILLIAMS: Do you believe that there are
significant numbers of students receiving
federal aid who do own cars and stereo: and
can afford beach vacations?

BENNETT: A few, not a signiﬁcant num-
ber .. . For many [the cuts] will require
serious sacriﬁce. For those—not in large
numbers—who receive federal aid and
who do have those things. [“divestiture“]
can make a difference. I happen to know
students and I talked to a bunch of stu-
dents this summer. and they told me about
this. When you have a situation where
you're providing federal student aid to
people without regard for limit of family
income. of course some people—not most,
not all, but some—are going to take advan-
tage of it who don't truly need it. The point
of our proposal is to put that limit where
we are conﬁdent that most ofthe money is
going to the neediest.

Q. What kind of reaction have you gotten
front parents and students?

The mail I have seen is running about
50-50. But I don‘t think that’s too bad
given that a lot of people only saw a few
words of what I said.

Q. Have students come to regard higher
education at a right?

A. No. I don't think so. But the pattern
we have seen over the last 10 or 15 years.
with ever-increasing federal involvement.
has come to affect our thinking about
college.

Q. Would a William Benm'tt expect to go
to Williams College under this budget?

A. Well. there were certainly a lot fewer
federaldollars.adjusting forinflution.when
I went to college [1961-65] than there are
now. My father paid some, Williams paid
some. I worked summers and had two jobs
on campus. When I ﬁnished [graduate
school] in '71, I owed $12,000. which was a
lot of money in loans. I had a couple of
government loans. about $300. But. yeah~
in fact, if William Bennett were going to

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/APRIL I935

 

Williams now. I would have more federal
money available to me than I had then.

Q. Does limiting writ-study programs
run counter to the kind of work ethic you
seem to espouse?

A. I don-‘t think so. To encourage students
to work, the federal government doesn‘t
have to put up 60 percent ofthe funds.

Q. Under the current proposals. would
there be exceptions to the GSL income limit
for families with two or more students in
college at the same time?

A. Under the current proposals, no. I

1 .

Bennett: ‘Helpful but limited ’asststancc

have told Congress we would be willing to
work on some modiﬁcations. but we would
still have to get to the same bottom line.

Q. Do you have any .t'uggai'timts about
where families might turn to pick up the
slack on ﬁnancial aid?

A. Well. it really depends on the circum-
stances—where you live. what colleges are
available. what courses of study you want
to pursue. There are state funds. which are
increasing. There is a good public educa-
tion available in many states. Attd institu-
tional help. Some of the very high-priced
colleges still have a policy of admitting
anyone who's qualiﬁed and giving them
fttll aid.

Students can still avail themselves of
the $4,000 loans—it‘s called the I’LUS
Loun even ifthc family income is above.
even way above. $32,500. The PLUS Loan

 

 

is a 100 percent guaranteed federal loan. It
is not subsidized. however, like the other
loans are for people below that.

Q. What is the proper role of the federal
government in education?

A. Helpful but limited. We've already
established a pattern over the years, which
is to provide some opportunity to those
who.-through no fault ofthcir own. do not
have these opportunities available to them.
Maybe the way we've been doing it isn‘t the
smartest way, but the intention is right——
student aid for higher education.

Q. Should the government care if. as a
result of thcsc cutbacks, a working-class stu-
dent might lose out on a private college?

A. Sure. we should care. But there are all
sorts ofgoods in the world. One good would
be to give every student the opportunity to go
to the college of his choice. We can‘t afford
that. There‘s another good, which is to give
every qualiﬁed student an opportunity to go
to college. Not only can we not afford the
ﬁrst. I think thesecond is a highergood.

Q. You have pointedly raised the question
of the value of a college education given the
cost. Is that a theme you intend to pursue?

A. With some exceptions. when you criti-
cize higher education some people react as if
you've invaded a sanctuary. as if you‘ve
gone into a church and started breaking
windows, because they're not used to being
criticized . . . Tltc American Association of
Colleges issued a report saying that the
undergraduate curriculum is in disarray,
it's incoherent. the baccalaureate degree is
meaningless. On the other side ofthe page
we read. “College costs up 70 percent.“
Now we need some consumer advocacy for
our people who are going to college. or for
the people who are paying for college.

Q. You havi- sugget'tcd that some people
might be better off being trained in industry
than iIt college.

A. Higher education is an $80 billion to
$100 billion business. Corporations are
spending $40 billion for education for their
employees. many ofwhom are college grad-
uates. Supposing the point ofcollege educa-
tion is to go out and get a job. my guess is
many large companies do a better job of
training people than colleges could. So ifthe
point is training. why not just go knock on
the door of the big company? Too many
colleges have been presenting themselves as
ifthey were in the business ot'job training.
There are too many things [like that] going
on in college given the ﬁnancial sacriﬁce of
parents and taxpayers. Higher education
ought to be preparation for life.

 

 

