 

 

 

CAREERS

 

 

rian Mohler has paid his dues. First,
B he toiled as a staff assistant to an

assistant secretary ofstate. working
killer hours for little recognition. Even
though he saw his boss at least 10 times a
day, Mohler says, "it was six months before
hceven knew my name." After 18 months in
Washington, Mohler was rewarded with a
vice consul job in Strasbourg. France.
While the setting fulﬁlled all his expecta-
tions of glamour, the work didn't. Mostly.
he pushed paper—assung visas. replacing
passports. registering American births and
visiting American prisoners in Frenchjails.
And then there was the grim task ofnotify—
ing the families of Americans who died in
his territory. “Practically every month,“
Mohlcr groans, “an American tourist pass-
ing through my district dropped dead."
Now. after 10 years in the Foreign Service,
Mohleris ﬁnally getting to do what he really
wants. He‘s back in Washington, working
on trade issues for the State Department's
Japan dcsk——virtually assured that his next
post will be Tokyo.

Mohler‘s story typiﬁes the budding ca-
reer ofa young Foreign Service ofﬁcer: gru-
eling assignments often in small faraway
countries. obscure jobs that hardly seem
related to the profession ofdiplomacy. Most
of the 3,850 ofﬁcers in the US. diplomatic
corps serve in 234 embassies and consulates
in LB countries throughout the world.

 

DiEYER LUDWIG—SIPA 59cc: mtuwes

We»

20

 

lt'. 'I'im'ley l’lm'e. U. S. vice consul. lu llomlmy: "I‘lu- glamour nfan art-mm pm!’

Carrying Uncle Sam’s Flag

The Foreign Service is a tough but enticing career.

Starting salaries. which range from $2l,042
to 3922,53 l, are good but not fantastic. con-
sidering the amount ofeducation and expe-
rience demanded. Opportunities for career
advancement are hampered by the political
appointees in diplomatic posts and the en-
croachment of specialists in such ﬁelds as
agriculture or military affairs. And thanks
to instantaneous communications between
the State Department and its outposts, For-
eign Service ofﬁcers often feel something
like gloriﬁed errand boys and girls.

Then there is the increasing danger
caused by the rise ofterrorism around the
world. “Years ago when you went out to a
post, the budget might have been lousy and
there might have been bugs all over the
place, but it was unlikely that anybody
would shoot you,“ says Andrew Steigman,
former ambassador to Gabon and a 26-year
veteran of the service.

Despite all this. the Foreign Service re-
mains an enticing career: 17,631 people
took the first step. its written exam, in 1984.
What is the appeal? “It‘s the glamour ofan
overseas post. the glamour of being in on
policymaking decisions. the distant prom-
ise that they may one day become an assist-
ant secretary ofstate," says Robert Lystad,
an associate dean at Johns Hopkins School
of Advanced International Studies.

Getting into the Foreign Servicecan be as
hard as coping with the tedium in Bora-

  

 

 

VIALLY McNAMEE—Ntllswlu

 

Mahler: ‘Friends all over the world’

Bora. Candidates must endure written and
oral exams, a tough physical checkup and
an extensive background check. Only 1 out
of 65 makes it all the way through the l8-
month process. The written test eliminates
80 percent. It is a four-hour multiple-choice
exam—open, free of charge, to any Ameri-
can citizen over 20. The test covers both
intellectual ability and personal character-
istics considered important for the major
job areas in Foreign Service—administra-
tion, economics and political and cultural
sensitivity.

hose who pass the written test face
an all-day "assessment" six months
later. First comes a 45-minute inter-
view with questions on political, economic
and cultural affairs and theoretical prob-
lems like. uWhat would you do ifan Ameri-
can plane crashed in the country where you
are serving?" Next come two 45-minute
writing exercises on international affairs
and document analysis. Then teams of six
candidates “role play" a variety of thorny
situations, from anti-American protesters
to bad embassy plumbing. Finally, the “IN
BASKET" test determines each candidate's
skill at organi‘zation and management.
About two months after the orals, the
survivors (about 4 percent of the original
applicants) undergo an exhaustive medical
exam. (lfa candidate is married, the candi-
date‘s family must also be examined.) Any-
one who rcquires regular medical treatment
or whose health can be aggravated by cli-
mate or geography could be disqualified.
Those who pass undergo a scrupulous
check into their background. All Foreign
Service ofﬁcers must qualify for top-secret

NliWSWliliK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH I‘lll5

 

 

 

 

security clearance. “We’re not the CIA."
says Frontis Wiggins, the ofﬁcer in charge
of the Foreign Service examination process.
“but it is a thorough investigation."

New Foreign Service ofﬁcers begin with
three months of in~house training, then
spend at least six months as a consular
officer. At ﬁrst, young diplomats ship off to
less desirable outposts and get transferred
about every two years. If, after four years,
they are judged unsuitable for diplomacy,
they're dismissed. (About 10 percent wash
out.) The qualiﬁers receive career appoint-
ments—and more substantive assignments.

he Foreign Service has moved far
beyond the days when the Eastem
establishment old-boy network
heavily inﬂuenced recruiting. Last year it
hired more graduates of Berkeley than Har-
vard, more from the University ofWashing-
ton than Yale and more from Georgetown
than anywhere else. And thanks partly to an
afﬁrmative-action program, 30 percent of
new ofﬁcers hired in the past three years are
women and 20 percent are minorities. “This
inﬂux is having a signiﬁcant impact on
changing the structure of the service,“ says
Wiggins. “We will end up eventually with a
service that is completely balanced."
Although few question the qualiﬁcations
of Foreign Service ofﬁcers for what they
do—more than half of the newest appoint-
ees hold master's degrees and nearly half
speak at least one foreign language—the
diplomatic corps is probably less attractive
than it once was. “The Foreign Service
hasn‘t been getting the best and the bright-

 

est," says Allan Goodman, associate dean
at the School of Foreign Service at George-
town. Goodman blames both the drawn-out
exam process and the growing appeal of
lucrative international business opportuni-
ties. Others say that pressures on a marriage
make Foreign Service difﬁcult. Not only are
families regularly uprooted. in an era of
two-career families, aspouse not in the serv-
ice often must make a vocational sacriﬁce to
follow his or her mate. Yet for all the frus-
trations, the Foreign Service offers a special
satisfaction to young diplomats. “l have
friends all over the world," says Britta
Mohler. “And I feel that I’m doing some-
thing for my country. something useful."
RON (ilVliNS will] bureau reports

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH l‘ltlS

 

 

t'tmattwi Somalis
L l o u e U (3

 

Rumple Mine. I:
The boldly refreshing peppermint s<
Imported by Tl

