 

Tame ThatTune; _ _
=   Name That Km“?! '

VII/JIM

"lama

 

really a crime the way some A User     tnore watts means more volume.

people treat their attdio equip-
ment. 'l‘hey'll plttnk down hun-
dreds or even thousands of dol~
ed on a few minttt
t«talking salesman's spiel.
Then they take it ottt of the box and
discover that operating their modern
receiver or t Ite recorder is on
intitnidating than trying to land the .8

So, they'lcarn how to operate a few knobs and
buttonsi—like on/oﬂ‘. volume. bass, and tre-
ble ~and never take advantage of the special i‘ea.
tures that made the gadget so expensive.

Part of the blame r ’ with the educational sys~
tcm, which never has taken such ttbj riously
enough to oll‘er l'ornt'tl coursuvor m. say, hook-
ing up i-‘M antentr. ‘he other half of the blame
goes to the instruction manttals. which generally
hear only a faint resetnblattce to English.

Thus we present this plain-English. demystilietl
guide to the subtletic of stereo systems. it's our
way oi~ making Hardware lill a little easier.

Knobs and Meters and Bells and Whistles

Knowing what all those confusing controls real-
ly do is important for two re: ons.
'tweaking' can often correct deltctencies it
or in a listening environment and produce
- I sound tha ' to what was originally record
c I And second. even if you don't care to line tttne
your audio expt ' vou should know how to
turn u/lall tht ’ ~ ’ s

Most tltttpllltet‘h and receivers have a loudness
control that boosts low i’requenci ‘ ' low vol
times At high volumes. it's unnc . try and cart
even be annoying, so you might want to llll'lt it oil'

I: .rIm/uwmml

Gadgets and Gizmos

6

by Ed Bott

ifyott listen to a lot of FM radio, pay particular
attention to your special tuning l‘eatur A signal
strength meter: n extremely e' c} tnd accurate
way of ensuring that you lock in st' ns perfectly;
adiust the tttning knob until the signal strength is at
it rongest.

it. you have a digital tuner with phase-locked-
loo (i’i.i.) tuning. you'll see a light go on when
you ve tuned tn correctly Built-in circuits take ‘are
of the line tuning for you. FM muting cuts ottt all
the usual noise between stations on the dial. Leave
it on if you live in a big city with lots of strong
stations. ln more remote areas. ori you're tryittg to
bring in a distant signal, switch it oil‘.

And ifyou ﬁnd that you can‘t quite bring in that
one ‘tation that you‘d like to hear. try switching the
atnplilier to mono instead ol'stereo; 'ou'll give up
some sound qttality to guarantee decent r ption,

Specs Made Simple

Are written specs (short for .rpeet/ieulitmx) impor-
tant? Not particularly. as long as you are able to
h the dlll'erenc sin sound reproduction atnong
dlllerent pie oi' ‘quiptnent. However. for the
rest of tts. 'pec cotne in handy itt making quick
comparisons between zillipllllt s or receivers,

The be known spec the walk—as in '60-
wzttts pt annel ampliiit Wattage mi sures
the power an amphiier delivers to the speakers;

Before making a head-to-head
comparison by watts. though, he sure
the n. 'asut‘ements were conducted
under identical conditions, particu-
larly with respect to total harmonic
distortion (THD). Usually ex-
pre sed in percentages, Tl-ll) mea-

sures the amount of audio distortion that accom-
panying all those watts.

It's possible to lind distort' levels as low as
001%. and anything over 1% is s rictly low~ﬁ. High
power doesn't mean a thing if it c mes along with
latigueinducrng distortion.

Another common term is decibel. or dB. which
refers to sound levels (as opposed to power lev-
els). You'll most commonly ee it used in a signal-
to-noise ratio (S/N), as in a tape deck or receiver.
The S/N ratio expresses how loud the music is in
comparison to background noise; the higher the

the better the performance and the more
your am will thank you.

Finally. you should know that a Hertz (abbrevi-
ated Hz) is one cycle per second. Deep. ﬂoor-rum-
bling IT! notes in the r nge of 0-50 Hz (0-50 ey-
eles pe econd) while gla shattering highs are
up around 20 kill (or 20. 00 cycles per . cond)
and beyond.

liigh ﬁdelity is generally considered to include
the range from 20 to 20.000 H The wider the
range. the more likely the equipment will repro-
duce the full sottnd spectrum. Willi a spec of 100-
i(),()()() itx. expect muddy cornpr .edsound, 6

Ed Bott i. «ﬂaw/mice u'rt'rer'and/brute: 'etll"
Ior (g/‘Oul illagnzine. I la now spends his time trying
[rt/(gm? out how amt/utter chips more. My cont-
pm-ixtm. lit-finds IHI(It'I‘.\‘I(lH(/!‘ll‘t:.Vlt'l‘i‘ (l cinch.

()clttht'r I OHS

   
    

     

