26  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ci FRIDAYPDECEMBER‘G,‘ I985

Undefeated Albany swimmers beat-..R..Pl-,s64-57

By Doreen Clark
STAFF WRITER

The Albany State women’s swim team
beat their arch rival, RPI, last Wednesday,
64-57, to keep them undefeated at 3-0.

The high-energy meet wasn't determined
until the last relay. Albany won the relay
with a spectacular performance by Chris
Cawley, Claire Blanthorne, Nancy Smith,
and Carole Elie. Cawley, Blanthorne and
Smith all achieved personal bests, with
Blanthorne slicing 1.5 seconds and Smith
cutting almost two seconds off of their
previous best loo-yard freestyle times. Elie
ﬁnished the relay matching last year's best
time of :57.1 for the 100-yard freestyle.

"The accomplishment was mental. We
were very psyched to win the relay,” said
Blanthorne, one of the team’s captains.

RPI, Albany’s rival in swimming, had
posted signs such as “Come watch us dunk
the Great Danes." Although RPI’s team
was smaller, the meet was a toss-up until
Elie’s finish at the end.

“I was so psyched and happy when the
pressure was over and we finally won,"
Elie said.

Mary Daly and Sue Rhib both qualified

for SUNYACs in the ZOO-yard butterﬂy,
with Rhib reaching a personal best of
2:46.5.

“It was a good moral booster to beat
RPI. Everyone swam well,” said Randy
Morrow.

Morrow captured third place in her
first time swimming the lOOO-yard
freestyle. Freshman Marcy Geisser took
second place in one .neter diving, and Gail
Mindel turned out a good performance her
ﬁrst time during three meters. Ingrid
Hansen also achieved two personal bests
for the second time this year in the 50 and
100 yard freestyle.

Freshman Robyn Roche just missed
winning the ZOO-yard breastroke by 1 se-
cond. When asked about the team’s suc-
cess this year, she said, “The attitude of
the team has really helped a lot. Everyone
is interested in everyone else.”

Freshman Cawley agrees. “The
changeover from highschool to college has
been a good one." Both swimmers expect
to surpass their best times this year.

The team had not practiced for the meet
since before Thanksgiving. They lost two

 

Watch for the December Sports
Supplement featuring Great Dane
basketball. . . Coming next issue!

days practice when one of the pool’s ﬁlters
malfunctioned.

The swimmers received a boost of con-
ﬁdence, however, as they accomplished an
easy win against Hartwick college the week
before Thanksgiving. 65-39. Hartwick's
team consisted of only six or seven women,
but they were good swimmers, said assis-
tant coach Caroline Scharlock.

“Conﬁdence and morale are very high,
and the win against API helped boost it

even more," said Scharlock.

The team has two away meets before it
travels to Puerto Rico for winter training.
The first will be against Plattsburgh this
Saturday, and then the team travels to
Skidmore next Tuesday. The team expects
a victory over Plattsburgh.

“They (Skidmore) have a few really
good people, but no depth. Hopefully. we
have enough talent and depth to win,”
said Coach Dave Tumage.

 

 

 

Tracksters travel to Cornell

By David Blette
sure warren

Sunday, December 1st: A day that
most will remember as “sober” and sad
was also the ﬁrst day of competition for
the Men’s Indoor track team.

The team traveled to Ithaca NY. to
run in the Cornell Relays. Facing some
tough competition, the team fared well
in the non-scoring meet.

"I expected the guys to be competitive
with the big schools and they were,"
said Head Coach Roberto Vives.

Teams present at the meet included:
Division I powers Syracuse and Cornell.
Mohawk Valley C.C. and 'Division I
Colgate.

Traveling to the meet were eleven men
and one woman. Transfer student
Angella Foderingham ,went along to
compete in the co-ed meet. She outclass-
ed her competition by taking first in the
women’s 55 rn. dash, and second in the
women’s 55 m. hurdles. Her times of
7.41 in the dash and 9.19 are new school
records.

Placing for Albany men as individuals ‘

were Bruce Van Tassel. taking fourth

place in the 55 m. hurdles in 8.20 and

Mike Wasserman, taking sixth in the
H‘- :1 

Triple Jump with a leap of thirty nine
feet six and one half inches.
The strong point for the men’s team
Sunday were it's three relays. In the
distance medley relay Albany took third
with David Blette (800m), John Reilly
(400m), Vernon Miller (1200) and
Charles Blanchet (1600) combining for a
time of 10:34.7. Later in the 1600m
relay; B. Van Tassel, Mike Bizoui,
Wayne Preston and J. Reilly pulled out
a third place in 3:33.4. In the last race of
the day, the 3200m. relay, Albany run-
ners Blanchet, Miller, Clint Bell and
Blette again took third place recording a
time of 5:033. :
Senior John Reilly recorded two solid
times (51.8,52.2) for his two 400 meter
relay legs.
‘fWe had some good times for this
early in the season” said Reilly.
Miller, a freshman, was named
outstanding runnertby Coach Vives, as
he also recorded two excellent relay legs
(3:08.2 for 1200m, 1:57.5 for 800m). '
Gaining valuable experience against
tough competition'were pole vaulter Pat
’ Dowling and high jumper Bruce
Gaynor, who were both unable to clear
difﬁcult ualif in standards. [I]

 

 

 

 

 

SENIO I
HURRY UP FOR YOUR

YEARBOOK PORTRAITS.
PORTRAIT SITTINGS HELD
DEC 9-12 - SIGN UPNOW -
DECEMBER

GRADS.
A MUST!

s m

Sittings

- $10 '
Yearbook - $12

 

 

By Rachel Braslow
enimmr. ASSISTANT - 

The Albany State .women’s basketball
team won their SIJNYAC opener, 66-58,
in a hard fotight battle over the Cortland
Red Dragons, Wednesday at Cortland.
Cortland placed second behind Albany in
the SUNYACs last year. ‘_

The Danes were ment‘ally prepared as
they sought revenge upori'last year's 68-59
loss to Cortland.:,Ac'c0rding to "Albany
head coach Mari Warner, Albany’s few
mental errors won the game.

However,“ the victory was not'an easy-s.

one for the Danes: At 14:38 in the second
half, guard Rainny Lesane hit the floor
and suffered a mild concussion. Withthe
score at 58-51, teammate Denna Hughes
took a spill, coming down on her ankle.

Prior to Lesan‘e’s fall, she led the team
in scoring with 18 points. Forward-center
Lori Bayba accumulated 16 points. Team-
mates Diane Fernandez and Cindy Jensen
added eight points each. , ‘ '

“It was our best game of the season,”
said Bayba. “Everybody wanted to prove
themselves, to prove that we are as good as
last year, if not better." "

Both Albany. (2-2) and Cortland (2-1)
played a fast paced running game. ' ‘

“The running game alone causes a lot of
contact,” said Warner,cxp1aining the
injuries. '

Albany worked hard to hold off Martha
GortonI the 5’11” Cortland guard. The
Danes held her to seven points and seven
rebounds.

Danefootball .
<Back Page _ I ‘
Bomber defense refused to let Albany

L, score more than afield goal after allowing

a first quarter touchdown run by Milano.

The Dane defense was impressive, but
without standout defensive end Denis
Murphy, but with a concussion, they lack-
ed the spark to keep Ithaca out of the end
zone in the first half.

Consecutive home games against RPI
and Brockport were a welcome breather
before the schedule toughened, and of-_
fered an opportunity for the Albany
wishbone to ﬁne-tune itself. The Danes
outscored the Engineers and Eagles by a
combined total of 90-16.

Albany then kept their winning streak
alive by pummeliing Division II Spr-
ingfield, 33-15.: The Danes manhandled
the Chiefs and the defense exhibited a
goal-line stand that would play an integral
part later in the season.

While the Springfield win came with
relative ease, Albany’s road trip to New
Haven, Connecticut, was supposed to be a
humbling experience. The Southern Con-
necticut Owls were a true Division II
power, and pre-game comparisons showed
that the Danes were outsized, outclassed,
outmuscled. and outmatched. What they
did have over the Owls was heart, though.

Albany spotted the Owls a 13—0 ﬁrst
quarter advantage, and was down 16-7 at
half time, but the wishbone was in high
gear in the second half, and the defens

- "FRIDA'I’;‘DEGEMBER 6, 1935‘ El- ALBANY STUDENT PRESS spans 

women’e‘a'gers:  first; Lesane’, Hughes out

'Fernandez' led the team with' nirie re-
bounds despite her four fouls in the first
half. Jensen acc0unted for eight-more re-
bounds. Lésane, "Chris LaBombard and
Julie ’Hotrner contributed rebounding
from all positions. ‘ '

With both Lesane and Hughes out of the
game and ﬁve' minutes 'left, sophomore
Maureen McBride made her appearance
on the court at the critical point.

The Alban team was upby nine and,
“Maureen d d an outstanding job in sus-
taining momentum and controlling the

In their first season win the Danes
soundly defeated Skidmore, 68-24.

"That game was needed, just for the
fact that coming off two losses everybody
needed to play,”said Warner.

Albany presses the Skidmore team in
their ﬁrst game 'of the season. Working
qtiarter court defenses against, Skidmore,
this strategy paid off in the Cortland win
as well. - > V

'In a well-balanced team effort Jensen
headed the book with twelve points and
nine rebounds. Mindy McLaughlin com-

“Every/body wanted to prove themselves, to
prove that we are as good as last year, if not

better. ”

— Lori Ba yba

 

ball,” said Warner.

LaBombard accounted for four assists
and four steals in the game.

“T he best thing for the team was losing
in the first two, games with good com-
ebacks late in the game," said Warner.
“We played under pressure and found our
weaknesses early. '

“I think one of our biggest strengths this
year is we have a deep, bench?" said
Hotmer.

Continuous rattling from Albany car-
ried over to the free throw line. Cortland
was weak, averaging 47 percent.

shut Southern Connecticut's offense out.
Milano rushed 20 times for 107 yards in
the game, and his 29 yard touchdown pass
to split end John Donnelly, Milano’s team-
mate at Walt Whitman High School, gave
Albany a 20-16 lead that was preserved by
the defense. '

“The Southern win, in terms of playing
in a big game against a team that was a lot
bigger than we were, was deﬁnitely the
high point of the season for us," said
Ford. "

But the high point of the season was
followed a week later by the low point of
the season.

Two long runs and one long pass was
virtually all the offense Cortland could
muster in the rain and mud, but those
three lapses in the Dane defense was
enough for‘a 21-16 Red Dragon upset.
Cortland scored on runs of 75 and 81 yards
and added a 35 yard touchdown pass in the
fourth quarter to put the Danes' playoff
hope in serious jeopardy.

The Danes were at a crossroad, Ford
told a somber iockerroom after the game,
and their chances for an NCAA bid

‘ depended on winning their remaining four
games. I v '

Albany responded by shutting out Ndr-
wlch, 20-0, and beating Hofstra 35-27. The
wishbone chewed out 314 yards on the
ground against Hofstra, including 186 by
fullback Dave Soldini, the workhorse of

.1

bined for ten points and eleven rebounds.
Lesane raked up eleven points.

Albany was weak in foul shooting. They
were at 50 percent from the free throw line
which “could hurt down the line
somewhere", said Warner.

Hopefully this will not be a problem for
the Danes Saturday when they travel to
Plattsburgh. The Cardinals are a strong
team which Albany beat twice last year.

However the Danes will be without the
aid of Lesane and Hughes till Monday’s
game against New Paltz at 6:00 p.m. in
University Gym. 1]

the Albany offense. The win over Hofstra
was emotional and served up a measure of
revenge for the Danes’ ‘84 loss on Long
Island, which was important to the large
contingent of Long Island natives on the
Albany squad.

Albany then went on the road and shut
out Buffalo, 20-0, in what was the apex of
the defense's efforts. The Dane defense
ran a 4-4 all season, which is geared
toward stopping the run, but they looked
right at home against Buff alo‘s pass-happy
offense.

’ Every game after the Cortland loss had
to be approached as a do-or-die situation
for NCAA playoff consideration, and the
ﬁnal game of the season against nationally
ranked Wagner was no different. The
weather conditions were the same as at
Cortland. but the outcome was the third
shutout in four weeks for the defense,
15-0.

Despite their strong showing, Albany
still had to rely on Hofstra to beat Western
Connecticut, whose only loss came at the
hands of Plymouth State. Western Con-
necticut prevailed, however, forcing the
Danes out of the NCAA playoff picture.
They still received a consolation berth in
the ECAC North championship game
against the same Plymouth State team that
beat Western Connecticut.

Going into the game, Albany wanted to
prove that they were deserving of an
NCAA bid on the basis that they produced
their record against challenging op—

ponents. They faltered in the ﬁrst half as
Plymouth State’s All-American running
back, Joe Dudek. who holds the career
NCAA scoring record with 474 points, ran
all over the ﬁeld and led the Panthers to a
21-0 halftime lead.

Dudek finished the game with 265 yards,
but it wasn’t enough. Dane safety Wayne
Anderson. the quarterback of the defense,
ran back the second half kickoff 90 yards
and opened the ﬂoodgates for the Dane of-
fense. Two fourth quarter touchdown
passes from Milano to Donnelly rounded
out the scoring in the Danes’ 33-21 victory.
The ECAC title was antlclimatic to a
season in search of the NCAAs, but
nonetheless satisfying.

“We were disappointed that we didn’t
go to the NCAA‘s, but we still enjoyed
post-season play. we got a chance to tie for

.the most wins in season, and the ECAC
game gave our program some publicity.
some recognition," said Ford.

 

' ups
Forward Lorl Bayba fires a jump shot

Milano and Donnelly, both seniors, set
numerous passing records along the way.
Donnelly broke Bob Brien's career
touchdown reception record with 13 and
,his seasonal record with 9. He also has
more career receptions (77) for more yards
(1268). Milano surpassed Tom Pratt by
completing more passes (151) for more
yards (2146) and more touchdowns (25)
during his stint at quarterback.

Soldini, also a senior, became the se-
cond all—time Dane ground gainer by
ﬁnishing the season with 821 yards, giving
him 2072 for his career and making him
only the second running back in Albany
history to carry for more than 2000 yards.

The three offensive stalwarts are among
16 seniors who won't be back next year.
The defense, which luckily has plenty of
depth, will lose end Murphy, who was a
regular on the All-ECAC team. Murphy
ﬁnished the season with 80 tackles and led
the team in sacks with eight sacks for 61
yards in losses. The defense also loses the
services of their leading tacklcr, linebacker
Scott Dmitrenko, who made 123 stops,
and end Rick Punzone. who was second in
sacks with five. Safety Matt Karl will be
sorely missed in the secondary after
registering 81 tackles, one and one-half
sacks. and four interceptions.

The kicking game was a preseason ques-
tion mark, and it will be next year, also.
The Danes will lose tight end Scott
Reagan, who ﬁlled in admirably at
placekicker and led the Danes in scoring
with 70 points.

Other seniors include tailback Dana
Melvin. who paved the way for much of
Saldini's yardage, center Pat McCullogh,
tackle Ross Setlow, guard Jim Duffy. tight
end Scott Barker, split end Chris Haynor.
and linebackers Mike Buchmeier and Greg
Hart.

"I told the seniors before the season that
this could be a great team if they all played
their hearts out, and they did that." said
Ford. “We're losinga lot of personnel. in-
cluding some very important people, but I
think we have a strong nucleus coming
back. Hopefully we can use the ECAC
game for momentum into next season.
You know. the game of football is so

5, damn interesting. It took only three plays
in Cortland to beat us, and we whuld have

gone to the NCAAs if we had won. Iiut I
consider this team better than the '77 team
that went to the quarterfinals; it’s a better
balanced team." Y [:1

 

