 

"\

 

20 Sports ALBANY STUDENTVPRESS l l FRIDAY. MAYJ,‘ I985

l I
Year in revrew
(Back Page
against Albany). and Norwich, the Danes
battled three Division II programs, losing
all of them.

The men's swimming learn recorded an
8-6 record with l8 swimmers qualifying for
the states in Potsdam. Four school records
were broken and Mike Vardy qualified for
the NCAAs.

The team’s most valuable swimmer. Jeff

'lOO-yard freestyle

Kennedy, broke the school records in the
400 individual medley and the l004yard
freestyle. Fred Grecnbaum smashed the
and the SOC-yard
freestyle record.

The women‘s swimming team placed
fifth in the SUNYACs with a 8‘6 clip.
Carol Pearl broke records in the 200
freestyle. 500 freestyle, l,000-yard
freestyle and the 400 Individual medley.

The men‘s tennis team had their SUNY
dynasty extended to its sixth year as they

 

 

Why not take a Study Break at

 

the Partridge Pub? _

burgers or Wings

$123 doWn for

any time.

 

 

Great Specials too!

 

Thank You for your continuous
support throughout the Year!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

narrowly edged otit Binghamton. The club
posted a 7-2 record.

This spring; the team is playing comfor-
tably above .500 with one meet left. First
singles. Dave Grossman, has a legitimate
chance at being selected to the NCAA
tournament. The Grossman-TomSchmitz
doubles team also has a shot at being tabb-
ed. Selections will be made on Mayo.

The women's volleyball team captured
the first-ever SUNYAC tournament to
earn the right to compete in the NCAAs.
The Danes were eliminated in the second
round. Leading the team was Patty
Munhall. the setter. and Amy Rosenberg.

The women's soccer team. coached by
Amy Kidder, closed out its season at .500.
Facing a grueling schedule. the club seem-
ed to learn a lot this season. evidenced by
their strong conclusion. They will be
fielding an almost identical team next year.

In the spring, the Great Danes‘ baseball
team came just shy of their ﬁrst-ever
SUNYAC playoff berth. Bighamton prov-
ed too strong at the end.

Coach Ed Zaloom's pitching held up
well. Warren Miller and Chris Fletcher
were effective as starters and junkball pit-
cher John Kallnsky excelled in relief.

The lacrosse team stumbled to a 3-8
record with one game remaining. Their
dismal clip was a shock considering the
team was filled with veterans. Thirteen
seniors will graduate. leaving Coach Rich
Flanders with in rebuilding season ahead.

Wendy Williams singlehandedly pitched
the women's softball team to a possible

 

NYSAIW playoff berth. Williams hurled
back-to-back no hitters last week 'versus
Oneonta.

Two club-teams made giant strides this
year. ”

In its second year of existence. the
Albany State hockey club skated to a .500
season. The President, Drew Rubin, and
Vice President, Paul Essner, are hoping
the squad will be granted varsity status in
two to three years. I

The Albany crew. in their rookie season.
did remarkably well. The men’s and
women's team swept Hamilton two weeks
ago and beat Union last week.

In cross-country, the veterans on the
male harricrs of l984 faced the pressure of
improving on their 1983 season when they
placed eighteenth in the nation. They
responded by ending Fredonia’s six year
reign as SUNYAC champion and by
ﬁnishing sixteenth at the NCAAs. The
team was able to make the trip to 0H0 by
coming from way back to finish second at
the qualifier. The Danes, who finished
with a 9-3 dual meet record, were at one
time ranked tenth in the country. Senior
Ed McGill was the ﬁrst man; classmates
Chris Callaci and Jim Erwin were co-
captains.

The team's escape from the tunnels has
breathed new life into the track team. The
Danes have also beneﬁtted from the re‘turn
of pole vaulter Joe Pastel. All-American
Marc Mercurio broke his own hammer
throw record en route to anr'her trip to

22>

 

 

    

"'5 m/FMYE‘N IN ml? “USED.
rmrlthSLoox m mi; mom
a: me once PROUD mt»...

 

Now u‘ewugo

T re 5: L emu
gun»; an RN
AU‘YFRLI‘N u
Ann/Ni...

  

MD M; FORMER maven Denav WINNER.
us um run: 5 Any/rlclmsvavmﬂulv
wim "(urauiss Sim?st "

 

 

win. we srov Ar
NormNGiN out?
; (M‘YFWWFI'W'

 

 

WE NEED VJURHEU’ SIENU V1319
POI-Lﬂﬂw' Y0 THIIFUSNPEWINST

trimaran." IOGE men. we I. an
m

   

  
           
   
   

T nu; THING!
more: 000

The place to go for
Albany. N.Y.

mm a
“9‘0 PiPE'

$.10 of! III new

 

 

FANTACO
21 Central Avenue

SINGS-I400
Open HAM Mom-Sat.

Free newsletter: of sped-la

T...
eotnlc relief
[22“

contest

 

 

 

 

 

Guys...This was a dirty lob, but someone
Capt. 0- get a major and a svelte girlfrl

light? Schwantzman- Wear boots in snow, not slip
does Monica's halr take? How does it feel to be l
How does your nose leel...lt was Ajax! Are you tripping? M. Aileen Brown-
much can you bench? A quad? Aileen is a quad. Aileen is a wide rise. You broke the string. Gary & Mlko- at large. Chicken legs and chicken

, stop picking your nose, and get real underwear. 0H, HI. Your neck is shrinking. Stick legs. Do you
st. Fat Boys rule. Glonn- You are 'Mr. Zeta Beta Potata Head 1985.

Flapper&Harvey- Harvelous you look Marvelous. Our goal is to be Scott-tree. Midgets- BRRRONSKY. Bonnie, we love Larry Flynt and support

Penthouse. Bob Gucciono is my uncle. Kerry(Dancer),
up...|iterally. Hitman- Wa LAIKAl. Not now my little yellow friend. How about some shoup? Johnson's making
Dr. Smith? Are you and Hl-T making rice pods? Toenail-
don't hit my print...0kay. lust one more klck...CFtASH. W
for breakage. Dldl you get a busy signal when you dlale
that...mayonnaise. Get the hell out of my room. Wipe with it, don't eat it. ADRESS has 2 0'5. Preacher- You're
Oh it hurts. Shut up Andy. Coach of the year. Get another 5 applications to the bu
the Devil. Hear me friends...say hallelula brother Tony. Sober-
easy listening is for Doc. E-6. Allison, how about sending us
Reigning T.W.A. Champion. Lalalarry- Oh to hear the muffled
bed too. Stop putting 5 people in the car. it ruins the posl-re
Jack. Dissolve that crazy glue between your cheeks. Who's
supporter. What's the latest in combat wear? Have an
no legs? FLAME ONlll Unplug the hotpot. ‘We would also like to give our regards to the person responsible for the decline In entries to Air
Band parties, you know who you are...and Aloha to Richard

breath. Fltz- (Fish,Flst) clean up your room
99‘ h'ghhhh?i/i/hairs it like living with a JA

P? Study for your breathailzer to

give that voice back to a doll. Mitch, don

(Bonecrusherleet a real car, retire that tonka to
some letters. One of these years you
cries. Pam wants to see you. God has a winning
or. Pay the parking fees. N0, NO, NO. t know that
your barber. This stinks. Thank God Bo
y more sleeveless lZODS? Anyone can have

had to do it. The Destructive Trio present THE YEAR lN REVIEW.....
end. Where’s your mealcard? Are 21 days up yet? Nice P.D.A. in 8
strain on your knees. Stop twirling your keys. Crew- First, get a hairstyle and a spine. He got some,
do you catch a cold? Did you talk to Ralph on the bi

pars. Does Bonnie psychoanalyze you when you're together? Jim Tally- How many batteries
n the red? Gil Donahua- Let's talk about teenage pregnancies. Claude, the invisible FLA.
(not her real name) HUT! HUTlYour backfield Is in motion. How

(F.K.Toe. Sasquatch, Hairy, Jshoop, Toto, Akeem)You
atch out for antique lamps. Avoid moving telephone poles, Mr. Capone. Not insured
cl your own number for half an hour? No loud profanitl

Nixon cl S.A.

And how could anyone lorget these Closet Classics...l)Back of the bus Waldo 2)Bang, there's a shot 3)To
car creates a wake like a boat. 4)Oh the tangled web we weave. 5)Keep your mother out of
9)On my head yet. 10)Push has come to shove. 11)Thls is better than having a good time. 1
you F... you. 14)Fred's cut. 15)Who punted? 16)oh, my aching spleen. 17)Whaddaya want W
Is a quad. 21)l'll be back. 22)Who knew? 23)Out of control. 24)The pythons have been neutr
27)You gotta laugh. 28)Su-Su-SUNYA. 29)Ftevonge is a dish best served cold. 30)Obvlobd T
stopping by, It was nice having you. All our malice, xoxoxo The

so now he wants nun. When Amy sneezes
9 white telephone lately? Your G.P.A. couldn't get you back into High School. Chris,

‘t spit in your boyfriend's lace. Monica, grow

siness school. Can you do my COBOL program? Say nay to
y. Get some real musical taste,
'll get lntl the Computer Science School.

n Scott is dead. You're a Mondale
a good bench. How can you squat 300 with

my garbage. 6)JSHOOP 7)Plpe. BlHey little Buddy.
2)A minute with you is like 80 seconds. 13)No, no,
Icka? 18)Brawhaa. 19)Oil the top rope. 20)Valndlan
allzod. 25)OH-E-OH-
omfoolery. 31)Total Mularky. And Hey....thanks for
Destructive Trio "‘Thls public service was COK Flecognlzed'"

utter's. Get a spleenuDiet it's a ,

a peanut butter Sandwich, right
part your hair with a rake. Tony,

es during class. Watch out for
doughy. Learn how to wrestle.

deal for you. There‘s a bat in my
guy. l'll take steroids for $200

ll us about drafting Jackie...The

E-OH. 26)Y0u gotta like it.

S.A. Recognized

 

 

3 Albany State baseball fi

‘rll. Altaiurlﬂv. A v . g, . - .1

   

 

«  .

'3 Munsey completes his eighteenth

Squad loses to Utica, Union

By Jeff Maliaber
STAFF WRITER V _

it's the last game of the season. Your
playoff hopes died in Oneonta three days
ago. You go into the eighth inning against
a Division I ball club ahead 5 to 3. Three
home runs and assorted catastrophes later
you've lost a ball game i2—5.

What do you do? You look to the
future. When your plans and all the sweat
that you put into them fall short by just a
hair‘s breadth, you look to the future. The

Great Dane baseball team is doing just that

right now.

Wednesday Utica came to town and It
looked like it might be a happy ending to a
frustrating season for Ed Zaloom and his
team. The game just lasted two innings too
long.

The Danes jumped out to a quick lead in
the bottom of the first,, with two runs.
Chris Fletcher. a co-captain, was, on the
mound, and he looked like his old self
once again for the first three innings. The

Utica offense seemed stifled by Fletcher's
mix of power and control. In the third inn-
ing, the Dane offense chalked up two more
runs and it looked like Utica might be in
over its' head with the Divison III Danes.
Utica chipped away at the lead in the mid-
dle innings with 2 runs in the fourth and i
in the sixtii. ~

With the score 4-3, the Danes added a
run in the bottom of the seventh. ThenI the
dam broke, the walls came tumbling
down, and all the other quaint descriptions
of a total collapse. Chris Fletcher gave up
a home run to Utica batter Rick Ward. and

Coach Zaloom thought it was time for .

some relief.

Warren Miller came in to face Steve
Lavelleck. Lavelleck was in the middle ofa
full day of terrorizing Albany pitching,
and Miller was no exception. scoring home
run number two. Rob Wuest followed
Lavellcck to the plate and added his own
contribution to Miller’s suffering— home
run number three. Back to back to back

home runs that broke the back of the
Great Danes.

After their 4 run eighth inning, Utica
came on with 5 runs in the ninth to round
it out at l2-5.

For Albany. freshman Adam Pullman
was the offensive leader, going 3 for 4 with
3 singles and one RBI. For Utica, besides
Lavelleck's 3 for 4, 2 home run. 2 RBI per-
formance, Scott Luck was 3 for 4 with a 3
run homer of his own.

Pullman's performance for the Danes is
one reason why the Dane future looks so
bright. The Danes of '85 were a young
team. Young on offense and young in the
pitching department.

Youth sometimes translates into incon-
sistency, and this team was no exception.
All year long, it seemed that, when the pit-
ching was there. the hitting disappeared
and vice versa. 0n the sporadic occasions
when both phases came together, the
Danes were very tough to beat.

Adam Pullman came in as a freshman
and more or less claimed the first basejob
as his own. Of this season. Pullman said,

FRIDAY, MAYJ, I985 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

nishes a 12-3 season

"I was pretty happy with my year. I could
have hit a little better, but I think I showed
what I could do against Utica."

As for the future, Pullman was very op-
timistic. "We should be a lot tougher next
year." said the would be sophomore.
“The pitchers will be healthier and more
experienced and Coach Zaloom is going to
put us on a strength training program."

As for Zaloom, he's said all year that
the inexperience of his pitchers would be
the problem. Next year it won’t be a pro-
blem with names like Kalinsky, Miller,
Tobias and Zuckernian coming of age.

All in all. despiiea l2-l3 overall record.
the Danes had a good year. Coach Zaloom
has built a good feeling on his team. All of
the players have good things to say about
him, especially as a motivator.

“He's tough on you because he's a foot-
ball coach too, but he really gets you
pumped up and ready to play," said
Pullman. Maybe that's the key phrase for
next year’s Danes, pumped up and ready
to play. [3

 

The mercurial
Mercurio does it

By tan Clements .
STAFFWRITER *

Mark Mercurio broke a schobl
record and Joe Pastel came close.
as the Albany State men's track
team ﬁnished its' last dual meet
season under Coach Bob Munsey
with wins. ove Union and
Hartwick. ” i

The double victory gives
Albany a 6-2 season record.

year of outdoor coaching with a
l37-34-l mark, a .799 winning
percentage.

Mercurio broke his own mark h  9-

by two inches with a hammer
throw of 181’ 6", to contribute
five points to the Danes' total of
98. Union scored 92. White Hart-
wick eaked out it Tuesday at -
Albany’s track. ‘

The hammer was a battle of
two All-Americans, Mercurio and
Union's Scott Remillard who
threw l8l'. “That puts them right
up there in the top three or four in
the Division III Nationals now.”
said Munsey.

As Messrs. Mercurio and
Remillard conducted a clinic on
one side of perimeter road, four
pole vaulters put on an exciting
show of their ownvon the javelin
Field.

Though Munsey will continue
to coach cross-country attd teach
physical education part-time he
has mixed feelings about retiring
from track. “Sure I'll miss it," he
said. “I suppose you'll always
miss something If you've been do-
ing it as long as I've been." But,
he continued, “there comes a
time to go and this is my time." Cl

Cornfield

<23

are all going to law school. I'm
not the first athlete to go to a pro-
fessional school."

Yes, it Is true that he's not the
first person to do so and he pro-
bably won‘t be the last. He's not
the greatest athlete in Albany
State history nor is he the greatest
student. But he has achieved his
goal of leaving a mark on the
university and is well on his way
to going titrough life as more than
an average citizen.

"I just have this idea." says AI.
“that maybe to years from now
when a couple of kids are sitting
in the coach's office looking
through old record books they'll
remember a goalie named Cor-

Cl

 

 

A SPECIAL PROGRAM Fill! NEW GRADUATES
CAN HELP YOU INTO A NEW BIIIIYSLEII 0|! PLYMOUTH.

for a fraction of the purchase cost, with afford-
ably low monthly payments. You have six months
from the receipt of your degree to take advantage
of this exclusive program.

Mail the coupon below and get full details

With graduation here, you’re probably ready for a
new car. Chrysler Corporation understands the
graduate’s problems establishing a credit history
and getting together enough cash to finance a
new car purchase. Now you can afford a new car,

 

 

 

 

thanks to Chrysler’s special r- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - '- - '1
Gold Key program for coI- l  I
legevgraduates. '  :
You can drive a new : I
1985 Chrysler or Plymouth I  |
I SIENI) MY MATERIALS 'Ii) ’I‘III'I ADDRESS BELOW. I

I Address 7  _ __ .7 I

: s'llx,   .......-‘5U1!s ,   ,. -, Zia.  _.._- :

| 9's veraiL  ___- . ......__.._.....-...____..-_ _ |

I (irailtlallnn Date I

I “"""" 5"."'if"‘iiiiiiii'ii$ilii'"'“"““" """""‘ '

I Ih'llllll. llll near I
L‘_—--_---_-_—_-_-J

of this special Gold Key
program for you,
the new college
graduate. Act now.

 

 

 

afield." ,

