 

that after one semester with the 'W' in effect. faculty
members will change their minds after seeing their
workloads increased.

To combat the Grouper Law. Miller would use the
Senate to pass a resolution while lobbying President
O'Leary. forcing the administration to some sort of ac-
tion. He would also use the Off-Campus Association to
recruit students to join civic associations, which are cur-
rcntly pressuring Mayor Wltalen to enforce the law.

Miller claims that the SUNYA campus isn't safe. yet
offers few solutions to remedy the situation uptown.
Downtown is a different story; his proposal of a
downtown escort service merits interest. Placing escorts
on the buses or in the bars are two methods Miller sug-
gests. His actual plan is too complicated and unrealistic to
implement. but the concept is worth looking into.

Miller wants several additional blue-light phones in-
stalled on Alumni Quad. He should be commended for
walking all about the quad. looking for the one blue-light
phone. which the University claims exists there. He has
yet to find it. despite repeated attempts.

in regard to fraternities. Miller believes that they are
beneficial to student life. He would like to see a fraternity
row across from Indian Lake in the future. using a long-
range planning committee of the University Senate.

Miller described Affirmative Action as balancing the
injustices of society. giving a slight advantage to
minorities.

Having SA take on more academic issues is something
that Miller is naturally in favor of. He would add a fully
stipended Educational Affairs position to the executive
branch. it is unclear what authority the Office will have;
it would appear that the Academic Affairs Committee of
the legislative branch might have its authority diluted.
Miller apparently thought of the title first. but failed to
provide concrete plans on how it will be used.

That last sentence sums Miller up; many ideas. but not
much offered in the way of implementing them. With a
clearly defined list of priorities and a definite plan of ac-
tion. Mike Miller could make an effective SA President.

Quarte

unwieldy.

He expressed a willingness to “cooperate with the city"
in regard to the Grouper Law. in reaction to the law, he
said it was important that the University ceased
overenrollment until housing alternatives were found. He
wanted to develop "university and city unity" as a way of

relieving the tension between students and other
’ residents. suggesting a student-community olympic game
as a way of fostering goodwill. Once this had been achiev-
ed. he recommended forming “a coalition to change the
law. or revise it.”

Duarte was also pro-Greek. seeing SUNYA'S frater-
nities and sororities as “beneficial.” He felt that this was
not the time for on-campus housing for fraternities and
sororities, preferring to concentrate on trying to change
the Grouper Law.

The basic reservation the board had about Duarte was
his reliance on “professionalism.” Although he expressed
a willingness to use student activism. his apparently in-
herent belief that he could change people‘s minds by well-
reasoned argument. or that the city and administration
would even care about being “fair with the students."
could make him easy prey for polished politicians like
O’Leary and Whalen. Also. his contention that the SA
President is “not a student advocate. but an equal” to ad—
ministration and city officials is an unsettling one. The
SA President is the major student advocate at SUNYA.
and students simply cannot afford to put a person in the
position who would. as Duarte might. be so concerned
with being professional and fair that he forgets that ad-
ministration and city "professionals" have not always
been noted for being either. '

Abelow

believe the same should hold true at events in the Campus
Center. a stand we see as unfortunate but possibly
realistic. His non-alcholic programming ideas were ob-
viously well considered. rutging from “little Guiness con-
tests" to auctions to giant games of Twister ill the middle
of a quad.

His experience as “Save the Rat" committee chair gave
credence to his ideas for using the Rat's big-TV screen for
programming events. and we liked his ideas of more
“Comedy Nights" and outdoor parties. neitherof which
would have to rely on alcohol as a main crowd attraction.

Abelow said he had learned his lesson and now respects
laws like the one which requires alcohol permits to be ob-
tained for on-campus parties. a law he knowingly violated
a year ago at a State Quad party. We believe he was
sincere when he said he would never tell a group leader to
ignore that law. and said that because of his experiences
others will know what not to try and get away with.

Having worked with quad boards on State and lndian.
University Auxiliary Services board, United States Stu-
dent Association. Class Council of '86. WCDB, Student
Action. and interquad Council, we feel confident that

Abelow will be able to work his way through the mire of
SA politics at least well enough to see some of his many
ideas implemented, which would be a feat we believe the
other candidates would find difficult at the least.

Abelow demonstrated a solid knowledge of affirmative
action and minority concerns. our only reservation being
about his ability to practice his ideals. Notieeably absent
from the “Save the Rat” committee were any minority
participants. and we found it hard to believe that the
reason was simply minority students' satisfaction with
“Third World Night" and a few unkept promises of at-
tendance. The programming that emerged from the com-
mittee. such as Springsteen Night and fraternity nights,
were not likely to promote integration.

‘University Cinemas should be allowed to show one pori
nographic film. per semester, he said. showing an ad-
mirable respect for First Amendment rights, but we
disagree with him that pornography illustrates the same
need for freedom of expression as Meir Kahane or Louis
Farrakhan.

We don’t. on the basis of our interview with Abelow.
forsee any problems with hismembership in a fraternity-
and his SA duties, and agree that up to a point. fraterr
nities and sororities are full of people willing to get‘
involved.

When Steve Gawley walks into an administrator’s of-
fice. we believe he'll command a certain respect. Ross
Abelow will command respect from students and ad-
ministrators. we believe, as much for his programming in-
genuity as for his activism. Together they make a team
well-suited to play off each other's strengths and usher in
a new era for SA.

Make yoUrself heard! i

Vgte

Wednesday

and
Thursday.

 

SUNYA Graduate

Information Dgy

School

cBovyVLAA—Thon...

lll

 

 

When: Wednesday, April 17
12:00 PM-Z:00 PM
Where: In the LC area between the
Computing Center and the PAC

 

Get Information and Literature

Seminar at 1:00 pm. in LC 13 emphasizing:
1. The graduate application process ~-
Dr. Richard Farrell, Director of Graduate
AdmissiOns and Policy

2. Financial Aid opportunities and pitfalls for
graduate students -- Donald Whitlock,
Director of Financial Aids

3. The standardized entrance examination --
Dr. Norman Greenfeld, Department of

Psychology

We need

 

—-sponsored by Delta Sigma Pi and the Office
of Graduate Admissions and Policy—

 

 

roar

v

  
  

 

 

SPINA IFI “A
America’s Unknown Birth Defect
THE LEADING GRIPPLER

OF THE NEWBORN.

When? Sunday April let starting at 12:30
Where? University Lanes-Campus Center

Call Dave at 457-8823

for more info or if you
would like to sponsor a bowler,

Sponsor Sheets for bowlers
available at university Lanes.

SPIN

for " " W

YOUR help to aid the.
handicapped.

.3112le Our

 

 

 

 

\
‘v.

"i.
s

c.1~7‘:‘:?‘

 
 
 
 

 * Freeze,

  

 

'By Déﬁ§.VUttie
'STAH'IIRIm... v' I  a  .'  ' ' Vv ’
. ."No'w. wefcan start: doing somelrcal work." —- Bob Jaffe. project'coordinator for
5 NYRIRG at SUNYA. ~ ‘ ' '
' ‘ All four referendums on the ballot passed in the elections Wednesday and Thursday,
April l7 and 18. , ' _ -
The Nuclear Freeze Resolution received the most support -with*85* percent of the vote."
according to Student Association Election Commissioner Dave Light.
, Light said the SASU;Referendum received the least support, getting only 62 percent of
the vote. ’ ' “ " v ‘
.The referendum to fund NYPIRG pass- 
ed with 69 percent‘ if the vote. while the
'SA mandatory lvity fee received the
support of 76 percent of the voters.
>“SUNY'Albany students for thersixth .
time in a row have reafﬁrmed their sup- 
port for NYPlRG and their concern'for :
public policy issues that concern ‘them as 1
citizens." said Karen McMahon. NYPlRG
Board of Directors chair.  " ‘
NYPlRG’s opponents. including the
College Republicans”‘(CR). banded . .
together under the ’name' .“Students'
Against Forced Funding" and lobbied
“voters to'reject NYPIRC. CR~also provid :
ed some funding for. the group. according ',

 

to STAFF chair Craig Rucker.
 McMahon. who called the ref random

.~,.;.,§,.~;a¥i¢ioi‘y “tremendously significant,’ 1
that passing” the feferendnm was .r’n
more difficult because. “students were
faced with a confusing decision Withall the ’
misinformation around.” referring to the '
opposition to the referendum.

Joe Hilbert, NYPlRG local board co-
chair. called the vote “a tremendous vic-
tory for-NVYPiRG. but l'm not surprised at h
the least." he said. “i feel like l’m a little '
part of history right now." Hilbert said. .

Citing the circulationof misinformétlon
as a pro-election concern, Hilbert said, .
“if we had lest. we would have lost for the
wrong reason." He added that "STAFF
hid behind a phony argument.”

“We’re overjoyed." Debbie Eichhorn
NYPiRG local board co-chair said.‘asses's-
ing the mood in the NYPlRO office as the
results were announced. “We've put in a
lot of work in the past few weeks." . I . ﬂ 
Eichhorn noted. I ‘ Prooldontoloet stove Giwloy- ’

"T Gawley celebrates his victory in the Rat

Guinness .sp‘i, ) lav-timing

tion Circle. ' r ‘- ' f

The idea of settin’g‘aa world record has
been mentioned beforei'3but “the point is
to make it a reality." said‘co- hair ivan
Shore. “We’re very optimis that the
event will be a suecess.ghegndd " '
As or Wednesday.

By Doreen Clark
SI‘AFF WRITER ‘

Over 5.000 SUNYA students will at~
tempt to break .a world record with the
largest game of musical chairs. and set
another record 'with the first “Pepsi
Wave" this Saturday at the Administra-

  
      
 

 

   
    
    
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  

( .

’9

......WP~.~_..-~1

 
   

 

   

. "arm n.
. Gulnnou Day oo-ohoire Potty 3am» and Inn Shores. . r
“The event Sunni-y will change Sunya't status. "  »

   

‘GaWieyi‘SWe'epsﬁeI,; NYPIR
4' :Stitdénts- voteszt‘o" 1: ror'NYPIHG:  '

9‘9,t3”i'§b7gf963i SUDPO'IT; Malta}v'fizAbelow,,Thomas to meet in runoff

 

ticipants had pre-registered and organizers
were reporting a final expectation of 6,000
people for the game.

holds the record at 4.5” people. is three
_ timer

* change SUNYA‘s stotu's."said Shore. “if

“We break the record. where’s our apathy?"

.he' asked. adding “it's a great way to show
at spirit." ' ‘

be it] t 10am. and all participants who

ill officially begin at 12:30. The event.
which works with.a domino effect. will be
the world's first. WPYX~FM morning disk
lockeya Mason and Shcehan will initiate
' the wave and university president Vincent
O'Lmy will be first in line.

As soon In the lust person of the wave
«unda- up..tlte Hattie will begin for the

  
 

  

THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION
MW Fﬁday

April 19, 1985

  
    

   

     
   
  

    
   
   
   
   
      
       
     
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
    

Gans V

Millertrails-Gawleyby 21 percent;

By Pam Conway
SI‘AH “’RII'ER . .

‘ After over a month of'campaigning and two days of SA elections. Stcvc Gawley has
secured his position as SA president. but the position of vice-president awaits a runoff
between Ross Abelow and Chris Thomas.

Gawley won the election by gathering 55 percent of the total student vote. The other
candidates. Mike Miller and Fransisco Duartc go: 34 percent and ii percent.
respectively. ‘ .

Saying he was “very excited" by the outcome of the election. Gawley took the oppor-
tunity to give “appreciation to people on both my campaign and my opponents."

I - ' - ‘ Gawley also stated that he felt the elec-
tion was "run excellently. it was also very
fair. showing a very small amount ofvaria-
tions. Voter turnout was great and the in- I
tercst aroused by various offices were
positive forces."

Both Duarte and Miller will be en-
couraged to work in SA next year, Gawley
said. adding “SA is totally opcn for cvery
position. my campaign was supported by
people for Steve Gawley. not by people

I looking for positions."

Gawley said he “plans to spend the next

' two weeks getting moving on the Grouper

Law and the ‘W' policy. but this weekend

will be devoted to the anti-2i rally next

Tuesday." He said he expects to bring over

1,000 students to the Capitol. ‘

v ‘ Although Miller did not get. enough
, .1 votes fothhe top'o'l‘fice.‘«he did win the stu-
‘”_ ,dent seat on University Council. gathering
. 4i percent of the vote while Gawley receiv-
j' ed-only 37 percent.

_ Because no one vice-president candidate

received over 50 percent of the vote. a

runoff will be held later next week. bet-

ween Abelow. who got 46 percent and

Thomas. who got 22 percent of the vote.
I , Abelow said that he expected a runoff.

saying. “50 percent is difficult to get with
five people running." He also stated that
he felt he could swing the votes of other
candidates not in the runoff —— Tihan
Presbie. Mike Berman and Willie Salerno.
who received 14 percent. i2 percent and 7
percent of the vote respectively.

Saying that he felt “once the students
have to choose between two candidates.
they will choose me." he mentioned that
46 percent of the vote was a strong show-

17>

for records

musical chairs game. To make sure no one
gets confused. a one page program and in;
struction sheet will be handed out. Shore
said. .

WPYX-FM. Miller Beer and University
Auxiliary Services. (UAS). and Pepsi are
helping to sponsor “Guinness Day" and
free Pepsi will be provided for the
{Gwave'rl

According to Patty Salkin. Programm-
ing Director for Student Association (SA).
21>

  
  

Ohio State University. which currently

large as SUNYA.
fully..the event this Saturday will

 
    
   
   

gistratlon for Saturday's events will

   

 

 

watered must check in at that time.
minute participants may sign up. too.
According to Shore. the “Pepsi Wave"

 
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
  

  
  
   

Anti-PlRG supporter
has identity revealed

  
   

Election results

 
 
 

     

