   

    

 

 

By Marc Berman
CONTRHIUTING EDITOR

New Haven—The signiﬁcance
of a victory can sometimes be
measured by the fury of the
celebration afterwards. if that
scale of measurement is used for
the Danes‘ latest game, it can be
justly stated that the Albany State
football team posted a mighty big
triumph Saturday afternoon
against Southern Connecticut.

When the final second ticked
off the clock making the Danes’s
20-16 victory over the Division ll
Owls official. pandemonium rul-
ed the Albany State sidelines as
the players pranced about Bowen
Field, leaping into teammates’
arms and giving out bearhugs to
all willing to accept.

For Albany State. it was their
fourth straight victory and second
straight win over'a Division ll
school, which should convince
Lambert Poll voters that the 4-l
Danes are worthy of a Top Ten
national ranking, and enhance its
chances for the NCAA playoffs.
it also marked the Danes sixth
straight win at Bowen Field.

“Since l've been here, there has
been no greater satisfying win
than today." said offensive line
coach Ed Zaloom in the winning
lockerroom. “it was such a
courageous victory. This team
showed that they had heart."

Few observers at the end of the
ﬁrst quarter, including coach Bob
Ford, figured the Danes would

have reason to celebrate after the

’3"

'\

Alb-"y'- llret II
m QUNYACI. 0- . 2-8. 0-

Halihack Dana Melvin avoids a s
Chiefs. The Bones have won that

game. The Owls scored two
touchdowns to take a 13-0 lead in
the opening seven minutes of the
game. The Danes looked over-
matched. as they were in last
season’s 39-0 drubbing. “The
way they were moving the ball on
us," said Ford. “i thought We
were going to get beat 70-0."

‘ But the Owls stopped moving

  
   

 «owns mm us
In pie or Dave Grouman lost in the finale of
.yi to top-seeded Ken White.

. mot.

OCTOBER 15. i985

 
    

; c

 

page 23

 

The netmen are»n’t'_;the.only
team from to o 
repeat as champions, A . t
See women barriers on; '

 

 

 

. HOWARD TVOAR UPS

prln lioid luckier In last week's 33-15 victory over the Division il

r In four games.

the ball, and the Danes offense
moved into high gear as a revved-
up Mike Milano orchestrated the
wishbone to perfection. Milano
ran the ball on the option 20 times
for 107 yards and though he com-
pleted just 5 of 17 passes, two of
them' went for touchdowns.
“Milano did an outstanding
job," said Chuck Priore, the

netmen take

By Mike MacAdam
srxrr WRITER .

The dynasty lives on.

The Albany State men's tennis
team put their names in the record
book. Saturday when they rose
above a strong field to capture an
unprecedented seventh straight
SUNYAC championship.

The Danes totaled 29 points to
overcome University of Buffalo.
who came in second place with
25. and third place Binghamton,
who had 22% .

While Albany only outscored
Buffalo and Binghamton by one
point in doubles play. good team
balance in singles gave Albany a
decisive edge, as they scored 20
points in singles to Buffalo's. 16
and Binghamton's. i4. ‘

For Dane Coach Bob Lewis,
winning the seventh time is just as
good as winning the first time. “it
was very satisfying, especially
because we knew we were facing a

. very tough field." said Lewis.

I‘The overall. competition was
great this year."

The spotlight match in first
singles was the final between Buf-
falo's top seed Ken White and se-
cond seed David Orossman of
Albany. Grossman took White.
this fall’s BCAC champion, to
three sets, but lost. 6-l. 2-6, 6-3.

“He (Orossman) felt that he

played poorly. but l thought he.

played well.” Lewis explained.
“it's certainly no disgrace losing
in three sets to Ken White."

backﬁeld coach. “He was hell on
wheels today."

“Milano is a gutsy kid, a real
good football player." said
Southern Connecticut Coach
Rick Cavanaugh. “He's a real
winner."

The Danes‘ offense started the
day tentatively. Milano didn't‘
touch the ball until Albany State

_. Andersrm.. .

eo‘txi‘cu‘ 

    

was down. 7—0. Albim

toss but elected tiilklok. love"

that backfired as the emanates; I I

ed down the ﬁeld 65 yards in nine ,
plays. The ninth play 'was an

. 8-yard touchdown pass fromdlm

Tacaks to Joe Ta'ecetta..T , tro
point was blocked: by wag-us

The Danes’ ' first V . possession
was over beforericzstartedjas
Albany was ‘stoppedxold three
straight plays. ‘
possession. disaster: sr it.
Milano made an errant'pitch'to

  
  

‘ Caesar Revano. which'brodght

the ball back to_ the four-yard
line. After an incomplete pass,
Caesar Revano fumbled a pitch
and Bob Wilson caught the loose
ball in mid-air. 0n the ﬁrst play
from the 3-yard line, Tacaks
found John Miller in the endzone
to give the les a 13-0 bulge.
The Danes looked in trouble.

. They failed to get a' ﬁrst down on

the next possession. but after a
strong defensive stand. the Danes

' got the ball back one minute later. '

After getting their initial ﬁrst
down of the game with 3:4l'ieft in
the ﬁrst quarter. Milano- ran the
option 43 yards to theIOwl 27

'yard line before being stopped

from behind by Stan Morri'sbn. it
was a crucial play for Albany
mainly in terms of conﬁdence. “i
think we were nervous as a team
at the beginning," Mila‘no said.
“But after that drive. we settled
down." 4
Four plays and one personal»
31?

7th SUN YA C

One of the turning points of the

tournament came in second
singles when Albany's Tom
Schmitz surprised first seed Dan
Scheulfand of Buffalo, 7-6, 6-2.
in the quarterfinals.
“Tom Schmitz had a tough
match," said Lewis. “but it was a
big turning point for us because
he knocked off the number one
seed immediately, which was ac-
tually a 7-point swing in our
favor.“

Lewis was referring to the four
points Schmitz earned when he
won the final over second-seeded
Mark Birnbaum of Binghamton.
l-6, 7-5.6-1. That left Buffalo
with only one point in a bracket
they were favored to win.

Another important turning
point came when Albany's fifth
singles player, Mike Dermansky.
shook off injuries that kept him
out of practice all week to storm
past Binghamton's Hall Great in
straight sets, 6-1.6-l.

“l was a little skeptical about
our chances because Mike was
hurt and he hardly practiced all
week." said Lewis.“ but he was
the key for us."

At third singles. Albany's Jay
Elsenberg fell in the finals to Buf-
falo’s Ed Wagner in a close match
that required two tlebreakers. 7-6,
7-5. Albany failed to produce a
singles finalist in only the fourth
singles flight as David Zobier lost
in the quarterﬁnals to the even-
tual champion, Joe Alfano of

Binghamton, 6-0, 4-6, 6-1. in the

quarterfinals.

At sixth singles. Albany got a
tremendous boost‘ when Bob
Siracuse came back in the finals

after falling behind by a set to top 1

seed Brian Myerhofer of Buffalo,
7—5. Siracuse took the next two
sets. 6-3, 6-2.

First doubles competition mat-
ched top-seeded White and
Scheulfand of Buffalo against
Grossman and Schmitz of
Albany. The Buffalo duo prevail-
ed, 6-2, 3-6.6—3.

Albany did pick up some im-
portant points in Second doubles
as Eisenberg and Dermanslty
whipped Oneonta's Jim Wllk and
Scott Aitchinson, 6-4, 6-2. This
was the Albany duos second
straight SUNYAC doubles cham-
pionship and gave Dermansky
two championships again this

year.

Third doubles found Albany
being defeated In the semifinals,
6-4, 1-6, 6-0. to Binghamton
when Siracuse teamed with Mit-
chell Gerber. who made an ap-
pearance after spending most of
the season injured.

Lewis attributed Albany's
record-setting championship to
good team balance and the
heroics of Schmitz and
Dcrmansky.

“The whole team played well.
but Dermansky coming through
for us after not practicing much

21>

‘c"

  
  
 

 

 

 

  

 

  

BNY

 

 

. Friday .

 

PORATION

  

October 18,1985

 

 

By KonDombaum
501mmme _ .
  I ﬁrstoftwoparrs .  '

Rooms that have previonsiy been used to isolate
students with chicken pox, hepatitis and other-infections
diseases-lathe inﬁrmary may be used in the future for
AlDS.patients who attend SUNYA. said Neil ‘Brow'n.
Associate Vice-President for Health and Counseling“
 ,

' ‘-‘There have been no confirmed cases at SUNYA,"
said Broom who added that several months ago Health
Services-began'to gather information on AIDS (Aquired
immune Deﬁciency Syndrome) educate its staff. and

pre itself if such a situation arose. ‘ -

   

 

sunvn mum. I

Presto '

By Laureen Moore' 1- 1- Iv

A new Women's Studies internship which will provide
students the chance to gain experience in the: traditional
“man's world" was announced Tuesday as part of a leo-
ture titled “Taking Charge of Your Career." '

Dr. Susan Kaplow. who will direct the internship.
discussed the beneﬁts of networking among women when
seekinga job and also the best method of determining
what job is the right one.

“i want to introduce you to a different philosophy and
different method of thinking about career and career
planning,” Kaplow said. “I think the way We usually
think about career is we get some information . . . and
then we ﬁgure out which box of the different boxes of
society we might fit ourselves into.” ,

She continued, saying. “I’m going to suggest turnin
this process around and not start with 'what are the ex-
isting boxes . . . professions and career tracks that we
can ﬁt ourselves into. but start instead with ourselves.

“To me. that's the essence of- the difference between
having a job and having a career." she emphasized.

“A career is something that expresses you. The place to

start building something like that is yourself." Kapiow
added. before handing out an “office politics self-
assossment questionnaire" which Kaplow said will help
students “hone in on what kind of person you are and
points you in the beginning directions of yam- career
planning." - ‘ ~ ‘
' The, questionnaire had students pick adjectives they
would use to describe themselves and ended with one of
the-six categories being pointed to. Categories included
groups like "artistic" or “enterprising.” I ,

“After you have some sense of how you can begin to
sort jobs through. what do you do next? You do some
research.“ Kapiow told the audience. "There are many,
many books in the library which are really nothing but
fancy lists of the different things people can do in this
World. she added. ‘

   

o LJDENT
. ., “ . ‘ _ * :SSH
vo .UME LXXII‘ NUMBER 31
' —

 sets AIDS contingency plans

“All oftlie staff feel the same way.” he said. “Any stu-
dent or visitor to campus would receive. treatment or
emergency care upon initial diagnosis of AIDS just like
any other health issue." Brown said. adding that depen-
ding upon the‘severity the patient might be referred to an
off campus health facility. .

 The infirmary lacks such facilities-as'a radiology unit.

and J's-ray machines which diagnose pnuemonia. an ail-

ment sometimes afflicting the AIDS patient. Such pro-
cedures could have to be done at a hospital, Brown
stated. V _

“Our health educators do need education about

‘. AlDS." continued Brown. “we have sent our nurses and

physicians to conferences, and they’ve all been made
aware of the AIDS Council in Albany as a resource." he
said "

“i went to a two-day conference held at the Police
Academy," said Michele Lennon. the nurse in charge of
the out patient department at the inﬁrmary. “The con-

_ sensus of opinion at the conference was that among all

thehealth care workers who have dealt with AIDS. there
have been no cases of AIDS,” she said.

Capital District AIDS outbreak tied to I V drug
use . . . ‘V
See page 7

 

 “Although I feel comfortable about dealing with

2
.3

. I need- more informationﬂ Lennon said, adding
that there has been no panic among the infirmarystaff.”
» j‘We do treat hepatitis and infectious mono.” said

:Lennon. ‘and- we'wili treat an Ale patient the same as
. amount infectious'patient.{’ '
’ ' ‘Fivth'tad.'SUNYA’s volunteer ambulanc. ,gggsgcc. has .

also'm‘ade plans‘iﬁ case’tii'éy‘havet‘o deai'w h a person

:with.AlDS.. .

‘fWe.woiild'never' refuse to take a' persohéwith AIDS."

'said.Ceciii§. Carroll. Vice President of Five Quad. “We
. 'maygliomenk

W ghatthey have AlDS."I_she--said.
> “We'dtre‘atjthkm‘the same asi'any other infectious
disease. such as meningitis or infectious mono," Carroll
continued. "‘We'd- keel: anything that could be con-
. '2.  ‘ 7»

Women interns

» The Department of Transportationpublishes an "0c-
cupational Awareness Minibrief," she added, explaining,

“it's a looseieaf notebook periodical -—' all it does is list-

careers and occupations, how much schooling is needed.
how‘ you can advance, and what kind of occupational
future this thing has. it also talks about working condi-
tions — fringe benfits. advantages and disadvantages,
and related choices.” ‘

Similarly. Kaplow said, the Department of Transporta-
tion publishes an “occupational Outlook Handbook“
which reviews “the nature of work, the working condi-
1 b

   

 

 

 

Kim" UPS

Dr. Susan Keplow

 

Dormhrato increases ’
feared as SUN Y votes
on self-sufficient plan

By Karen E. Book
STAFF WRITER

Students may have to pay more for on-campus hous-
ing next year if the SUNY Board of Trustees and state
legislature approve the concept of “dormitory self-
sufﬁciency." .

Self-sufﬁciency means all facility operations and
maintenance costs are funded primarily through dor-
mitory fees while state subsidies are eliminated.

While the idea could be applied in many different
ways to include many combinations of costs, SUNY
Central is working with a form of self-sufﬁciency
which would include all direct and indirect costs of run-
ning a dorm.

The self-sufﬁciency plan goes before the SUNY Cen-
tral Board of Trustees on Wednesday, October 23 and
before the New York State legislature in January.

Self-sufﬁciency is a system in which the income of
the dormitories pays for the dorms themselves." said
University President Vincent O‘Leary.

The Board of Trustees announced its ﬁrst steps
toward self-sufﬁciency in 1980 with a $150 dorm room
rent increase. increases have followed. but a full self-
sufﬁciency plan requires legislature approval.

“What self-sufﬁciency boils down to is that SUNY
wants more control over campuses and wants the New
York State Department of Budget to have less control
over it. In this way, self-sufﬁciency could be a good
thing." said Steve Saroki, Executive Vice President for
the Student Association of the State University
(SASLll-W.... . ' _ , ,.

"This is something that's been developing for about
ﬁve years. Over that time a member of the Board of
Trustees said the dormsshould go self-sufficient,” said
0’ Leary.

“In order to decide what will be encompassed by
self-sufﬁciency." said 0’ Leary “we’ve had to reach in
a decide what (cost) is uniquely the dormitories and
what is uniquely the institution’s."

According to the self-sufﬁciency plan. dormitory
fees could include such services as grounds department
or campus security.

“i think the issue of self-sufﬁciency demands our at-
tention most importantly because we should see that
dorm rates don't increase prohibitively." said Student
Association Vice President Ross Abelow.

SUNY's application of self-sufﬁciency could cause
dorm rates to vary throughout the SUNY system.

“it’s a dangerous proposal for students." said SA
President Steve Gawley. “it will seriously effect access
on the part of the students applying to state schools. A
further danger is that room rates will vary statewide
from SUNY campus to SUNY campus. A student's
choice for school might have to, for example. be made
based on utility costs in a speciﬁc part of the state. or
something as bizarre as that."

“Variable room rates on campuses across the state is
one on the biggest problems with self-sufﬁciency.”
said Saroki. “The way SUNY is deﬁning self-
sufﬁciency right now. it doesn't help to improve stu-
dent iife at all. it could. in fact, lead to discrimination
against students on the basis of how much money they
have.

“The campuses which will undergo the greatest
room rate increases are the dorms which are most
underutilized,” said Saroki, noting that Brockport and
New Paltz are such campuses. “Students will have to
pay more money in order to make up for the costs of
the rooms not being used." he said.

"Costs for schools will no longer vary according to
the quality of education available at each school, but

 

will be determined by other less relevant f actors," said
Gawley. “Public education’s mission is to provide
11>

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

