 

«m

,.‘_.,.., .. .--.,. s.- "A .13...  .‘~\’4: .~

1%‘ALB‘A'NY sT‘Ub‘ENT PRESS" El , TUESDA Y. ‘oc'rOaak’d‘l'ﬁw

By .Cralg Wortman

.Suceessful . Wall St. financier Burt
Sorensen brought his message to campus
last Thursday. but it probably wasn’t one
familiar to most SUNYA students.

“Success,” said. Burt Sorensen.
“shouldn’t be judged by normal
standards.”

“A person who earns a lot of money and
gains fame. pwer and position seems to
really have arrived..." But, he cautioned.
“fame and fortune is not necessarily satis-
fying. Success is not the answer to life."

Sorensen. a 25 year veteran of Wall .

Street. has certainly had his share of suc—
cess. Working for the firm of Goldman-
Sach‘s. an investment banking company,
he has made “more money in one year
than most people make in a lifetime.” and
this in an office which he considers to have
“the best working environment in the
United States.” ,

He began his presentation with a brief
description of his life on Wall Street.
culminating with his retirement from
Goldman-Sachs. He subsequently took
over ownership and presidency of Ford
Securities. a similar investment brokerage
house.

While he has found his job to be “im~
portant and exciting." Sorensen said he is
not satisfied with his financial snecess. it
doesn‘t make him happy. he added.

His success in life. Sorensen said is his
personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
“Having all the money in the world
wouldn’t be fun anyway. because no one
else could play the game — money won't
make you succesful if you don‘t have
Jesus,” he said.

Sorensen was not speaking to the
average student. however. His speech was
sponsored by Campus Crusade for Christ.
members of which comprised the majority
of his audience.

Campus Crusade for Christ is a non-

‘SOrensen measures suct'fe

“Jews wi11 not to go
to heaven . . . they

are condemned to hell

if they don’t accept
Jesus. ”

-— Burt Sorensen

,.. x: .g. , g: “was.”

aunt-need

v need the crutches of drugs“ and alcohol

 

 

denominational group which meets on a
weekly basis. “it was formed." according
to its president. Orlando Rivera, “to give
students an opportunity to talk about God
with other students.” This is an activity
that otherwise “doesn’t happen often in
school," he added.

Sorensen often equated success in
business with his own brand of success.
“You must get good schooling. do well in
school, and develop strong interpersonal
skills if you want to be successful.” he
said. _

Sorensen also strongly recommended
study beyond the undergraduate level if

possible. He in fact, doesn’t condemn"

material desires and financial success.
simply saying. “it’s nice. but it’s not
enough."

According to Sorensen. faith and belief
in God and the Bible are the most impor-
tant things. “Without faith it is impossible
to please God.” he said. ‘

Likewise. Sorensen added. “without
faith. you cannot please the partners at

. Goldman-Sach’s.” where a cash flow of

almost $15 billion a day is transacted over
the phone. “.It is necessary to have faith in
the person on the other end of the phone.
otherwise you couldn’t work nearly quick-
ly enough to satisfy your boss." he said.
"‘There’s little loyalty on Wall Street. If
you fail at your job. you often go out the
door. but God will never leave you. no
matter what you do. as long as you trust in
him. that’s a great feeling." asserted

. Sorensen. Referring to the risk/reward
‘ ratio of making an investment. as com-

pared to other investments, Sorensen said,
“there's no risk in Jesus Christ. and the
rewards are limitless." '

“I’ll be a success in life if God wants me
to." said Michelle McJamney. an Albany
senior, adding that. “If you have the Bible

as an authority in your life. you won’t,

(that attract other students)."

John: Hornberger. a junior. felt that
Sorensen hadn’t offered him any new in-

. sights int'o Christianity. he had already ac-

cepted Jesus Christ. considering himself
born-again. “He did brighten up my day.
though,” he said.

An interesting response came from
Frank Guetther. a graduate student from
Germany who said he was “now conﬁdent
I won’t lose touch with God when I make a
lot'of money. I was worried about that.”

When asked where Jews fit into the
grand scheme of things. Sorensen said.
“Jews will not go to heaven...'they are con~

‘ demned to hell if they don’t accept Jesus.”

“Yes. it is cold and brutal. but God put
Jesus. his‘only son, on the cross to die to
save us, out of his love for us. If Jews
refuse to accept God’s love. that is their
choice." he added. ‘ \

After being questioned about his
thoughts on the current proliferation of
religion in politics. Sorensen felt it was a
good thing. saying, “this country has gone
much too far in the direction of anti-
religion. There is no need for a state
religion, but now they are saying that the
state should have no religion at all. and
that’s wrong."

When asked about the motives or value
of President Reagan. Jerry Falwell and
Jesse Jackson. Sorensen’s opinions varied.
‘President Reagan is a beautiful Chris-
tian.” he said. “there’s no need to go to
church regularly (a fault that many have
found in the President) as long as you
believe in Jesus Christ and pray to him."

Regarding the stark opposition of views
between Jesse Jackson and Jerry Falwell.
two Christian ministers. Sorensen sug-
gested that. “Perhaps we should question
the Christianity of Jesse J ackson.” Cl

 

By Mark Kobrlnsky
STAFF WRITER .

University President Vincent O’Leary»

greeted six off-campus students with a
hearty “Hello.” as he walked into the
assembly hall Monday afternoon for the
latest'session of “Conversations with the
President." , , ' »

‘ O'Leary said that the meetings are.‘ “an
experiment. a different way to meet the
student." This meeting was held in an ef-
fort to address the questions of the, off-
campus student. ' ’

According to Tom Gebhardt. Director
of Off-Campus Housing. “Random.
sampling was used to bring‘ in the students.
Fifty invitations 'were sent to off-campus
students — both undertraduate and
graduate.”

However. attendance was sparse. A
total of six students,- including" four
undergraduates and two graduates and
ﬁve administrators attended; Nevertheless,

.O’Leary said. “I understand that this is a'

hard group to get a hold of.”

John Harrison. chair of the Off-
Campus Association (OCA) said. “This is
a good time to make President O’Leary
aware of the problems facing students who
live off-campus.”

Among the topics presented were re-
evaluation of SUNYA’s bus system, pro-
posals for a downtown version of the
“Don’t Walk Alone” escort service and an
explanation of the grouper law.

The bus system was a key issue to Karen
Seymourian. a junior. “Students are
unaware of places to buy bus tickets.
There are not enough advertisements
around campus. Furthermore, I have seen
students left stranded because they did not
have bus tickets.” she said.

“The policy of this university is to get
students to and from school -— not to leave
them stranded," said O’Leary who added
that. “lf‘a student has forgotten his bus

ticket. the bus 'driVer should let him ride’ to“

given a card alloiNing him to' pay the bus
‘ U ' ' y - of the ‘Don't Walk Alone' program has in-

 lendsanear to .0

hisdestination. The student should then be
rue at am: date.""'" _
' According to Frank Pogue. Vice Presi-
dent for Student .Affairs. “Arrangements
can be made for students who cannot af-
ford the fee. There are free tickets in my
office. for those who qualify." '_

Patty Schitster. a senior. said. “There
hasn’t been any improvement in the ser-
vice. l wouldn‘t mind paying if the service
was good. They (buses),never keep to the
schedules.” "" n . . ‘ . .,

. O‘Leary offered an explanation for the”
,fee sa‘yinz..“The’ state of New York sup-.

ports, bus. systems. that travel between‘upi-

town and downtowncampus. Our servicej

provides transportation in and" between
those two points. We also had to let four
drivers go. That is the reason we had to im-
plement the fee.” he added. I

A “The university deliberated for two
years on the subject of a bus fee. The con-
sensus of students and the administration
was to charge ten cents a, ride." said
O'Leary.

Harrison told O’Leary that while riding
a bus the driver got out and bought food at
Stewart’s. “We give our drivers explicit
rules to follow. but it’s hard to keep an eye
on them while en route.”- replied O'Leary.

Another ' issue discussed was the
downtown “Don’t Walk Alone" program.
“There have been six assaults and rapes
within the past year. These victims are
SUNY students. We feel there is a need to
protect students who are living downtown
also." said Harrison. “We would also like
to have a ‘Don’t Walk Alone’ bus pro-
gram. This program would have one or
two monitors ride the SUNY bus between
the hours of 7 and 12 p.m.. and escort peo-
ple.” he explained.

“Every year. each group of students
must take it upon themselves to experi-
ment with this system. It takes student sup-
port"to make these ideas a reality.”

O’Leary said; ‘ .
’ “Because of the Karen Wilson case. use

creased. I think having a program

downtown is a good idea.” said Pogue. .
Jessica Casey. director of Student Ac-
tivities. said. “If we ﬁnd a great need for it

(Don't Walk Alone) on the uptown cam-

pus, we will implement it downtown. The
board of directors will handle this. We will
try to have both male and female escorts."
she said. “Maybe we can extend this pro-
gram to help people other than SUNY'
students in the near future.“ suggested
O’Leary. _ g ,

L When asked what can be done about the
grouper law, O’Leary said. “It’s a law.
we’re trying to enforce it. There will be ac-
tion taken against students basically if
there are a lot of disturbances. and com-

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1985‘ C] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

ff campus students

plaints from the student's neighbors."

“We have approximately 6.000 students
living on-campus. and approximately
10,000 living off-campus.” said O'Leary.
"There are 300-400 students. mostly
transfers, who were unable to live on cam-
pus." O’Leary added that. “There is a
renewed interest in the city of Albany.
Property prices have risen. and tension is
building between students and Albany
citizens."

“A person trying to live off»campus
should not try and think they still live on
campus. Not everyone goes to sleep at 3
a.m.." said graduade student John

‘ Schneider. “It takes one bad apple to ruin

it for everyone else. Try to keep in mind.
Albany welcomes considerate students into
the area.” he added.

 

 

 

VOTE!

W] “WEE S?@@E[KW @SSGDEUEITI’DC‘DER] EEE‘H‘DGDBQS
EGEIUS WEEQQGUQDJW @[HE TI‘GU@]RS..(I‘EI@N@D

@Dﬂ V©Llﬂﬁ$ @@@®

@33le [Ill] Ti‘GﬂE EEMEEIS @E‘Bﬂ‘ﬁ‘ElR M933)?

 

 

TIMES

 

 

CGMPUS CENTER 9am-6pm
UPTOWN QUHDS

' 11:30-1 :30 0nd 4:30-7:00
BRUBHCHER END WﬁLDEN CFiFETERIﬁS 11:30-1:30 0nd 5:00-7:00

REMEMBER E©nu

none. WEBERBWQM LLEIWE one assume young son senescent
«was on True ones: on votes; not»

 

 

cmss councu. or 1989 (15 seam
ceurRaL councu- 5 ouaos- 'l sear a PIECE
OFF CHMPUS- l. sears

 

 

6’ng
Cam/ow W

2 COUPONS FR
M cc 7*

OFF YOUK CHECK
DELlCIOUS HOMEMADE PIZZA-

U/V/VE

AMlB/Wl.’ Ill/0.

9’ FULL!“ ROAD 0 ALIANV. NEW YORK IND)

4. COME SYTHE RRTltéKELLElZ A

ﬂS/TYAUX/llAﬂy SERVICES

YVENDED PRODUCTS

tr Redeem your coupons fOY there posted valuea’t following locaiions
—-——--—— D E T D B E R —-—-—-

l coupo mints You 10/- arr AW mtmsr SPECIAL
T .xf// . ,

Gigi}. OF BOWLIN'G'I COUPON FREE RENTAL OF SHOES
6 me —————~——

I. VISIT THE tuition RECEIVE. ton on YOUR Citth
2. ttcuvr. zstorr rm; warez»: BREAKFAST SPECIAL
a. mu owe DELI, BUYANY smowne» 5PECIAL mo mew: I07.

W EVENINGr, GEE zs’FoFFouz
PIE. .
ONE couron Para. sewn—W

5W 5 5 50cm some): 00cc) W
Zl’gum enmng s | on: \buK-NEXT HAIKCUT (l warezth

 

26745 6M5 511036.

“39

 

lCOthON names You lozorrmsruizausr army sue

wires nest/low rox MANY DIFFERENT VALUES
AT EACit UAs “sacrum-now. 

lilnlurruttu Auxtllum thrutm Sponsor-tn [A

MNWIVWA’M

 

As seen in
MADEMOISELLE:

Jean Paul Coiffures. one of the best
in the country - Dec. ’83
The beginning of a trend in facials - Oct. '84

 

 

. bktN‘Cr't'iE

 

 

 

 

 

 

142 State St, Albany. N.Y. 12202
(518) 463-6691 - Free Parking

UEAN PAUL corms 

Full Service Beauty Workshop:

‘ ‘ _ umwmumzrnmmm: -—
H ., -

"MNNINQ v.

MASSAGES
FACIALS
MANICURES
PEDICURES
MAKEOVERS
WAXING
TANNING
WIGS

FOIL FROSTING
(our specialty)
AND ALL ASPECTS
OF HAIR CARE

Discount with student ID

 

'r

 

 

 

 

 

LOCATED AT T'H'€/=
LECTU R6 CENTER =

 

air tJU l C65
aYOGURTS

g, MUCHMUCH Mose

—--— BAGeLs gym '4 DOZ€N'!-*--

PRESENTED BY:

 

 

UNIVERSITY tinctuth SERVICES

 

 

 

