Sports Summer ,

Gibbons shines for crew at I Empire» State Regalia   

Gibbons thought the Albany boat raced solidly. but,

By Marc Barman .
SPORTS EDITOR

Considering the abundance of experienced rowers pre-
sent at the inaugural Empire State Regatta. held on June
8-9. it came as somewhat of a surprise to the Regatta's
organizers that the only four-medal winner at the two-day
affair was Albany State junior Marianne Gibbons, who
never set foot in a racing shell before March.

The 5'2". loo-pound Cold Springs native is a key _

figure to the success of the newly formed Albany State
crew, which had 500 competitors representing 30 schools
and clubs. According to police estimates, more than

    

TIMES UNION
Albany State crew member Marianne Gibbons was
a tour medal winner at the Empire State Regatta.

33,000 people witnessed the Regatta. which took place on
the Hudson River.

“You wanted the school to look good,” said Gibbons,
"because we're a new team and we're having this Regatta
in your own backyard.” V

And that it did. thanks to Gibbons. She took first place
in two single races. helped Albany place second in the
women's intermediate four and coxswained a top finish
in Albany‘s mixed eight.

“She did fantastically," said teammate Theresa
Longhi. “We were very happy for her."

Surprisingly; Gibbons isn't considered the top woman ‘

rower on the squad. Jennifer Hanson was voted the
team’s most valuable rower and even Gibbons concedes
she is “about fourth best on the team." But it takes a dif-
ferent kind of person to row a single than to sweep.” said
Longhi. “You need balance and finer technique. Power
helps but having good technique and balance is apt to
show up more in a single. if you don‘t have it. you wind
up in thewatcr."

The water is one place you won't find Gibbons.
although many inexperienced rowers have a tendency of
getting wet. ’ .

Gibbons said that a lot of people try rowing. “but they
slip going in. i liked it. and kept getting better at it.”

Albany State crew coach Jeff Schaffer thinks so much

of hcr~rowing prowess in the single-boat that he‘s going to--

enter her in the National Trials at Tennessee in three
weeks.

“i don't know how she‘ll do.” said Schaffcr. “it will
be good experience. "

Gibbons has a better shot at qualifying for the Empire
State Games in August. racing with Longhi, Hanson and
Kim Lozicr in the four-boat. At the Empire State Regat-

_ta. the four Albany State rowers looked impressive in

placing second in the intermediate four and the Open
four. The squad that beat thc Danes was Brockville - a
Canadian school. Led by the coach of Canada‘s Junior

National Team. Brockvillc is rated as one of the finest '

rowing schools in the country. -

Canada’s main season is in the summer." said Gib-
bons. “They have to wait longer in the spring because of
the ice."

 

he. lights of Heritage?  ' ‘ 
ark WillrshineonCoa'c ji-
Bob Ford’s Danes twice
his season '
ee page 15

  
  

‘4'

were overmatched. “Sometimes you lose a race,~
sometimes you got beat." said Gibbons. "We got beat'.”

She had other opinions about the the team’s perfor-'w

mance in the intermediate eight race.

“That race we lost,” said Gibbons. “We didn’t row a”, '

good race. We weren’t all together." . I
Longhi finds it difﬁcult to makethe transition from the

four-boat to the eight-boat. “You have a different mind 

set in the eight-person boat,” said Longhi. “i stillpiill
hard. but it just seems the eight is harder to pull."

Schaffer pointed out that the four—boat was receiving
more attention the past few weeks. something that will
continue during thegupcomin‘g weeks. 0n Monday,.'in_tei1-
sive training will start for Gibbons, Longhi. L
Hanson as they prime up for the Empire State ‘
tryout on July l3. with Schaffer guiding them twrce1:a
day.  ' ' ‘

"He‘s a good coach.” said Gibbons. “He knows so
much about crew; if you ever have a question about crew
he knows it. There‘s nothing about crew he doesn't
know.“

  

the men's team's exploits weren’t as eye-catching as V

the women’s. but the men were facing stiffer competition.
including powerful Syracuse and Cornell.

The men‘s best race at the Regatta was' the intermediate
four as they placed second behind Syracuse, which had
competed the prior week at the iRA on Onondaga Lake‘
in Syracuse.’

Kevin Reaumc. Dennis Crawford, Harry Carter and
Paul Darcy comprised the second-place boat, which was a_
late entry. '

“We put the boat ,together at the last minute," said
coxswain John Barnum. in an interview with the Times-
Union. “Our first practice was when we rowed to the
starting line." -

The men's team didn‘t fare as well in the eight,
finishing second to last.

Overall. though, the Danes ncre pleased at their per-
formance and were content with the fan support the
Regatta received.

“it was like a homecoming." said Longhi. “We rowed
our first meet of the year at home and our last."

, iler'and  '

 

Williams hurls softball team to NYSAIA W crown

By Dean Chang
\lrlNcuilNli INIka

With only 13 players on the roster. the
Albany State women’s softball team could
have considered a .500 season a lofty goal
to reach before the season began. When
the Danes surpass their goals. they don‘t
leave room for any doubt.

Albany defeated defending champion
and top seed Oswcgo State l0-0 to win the
NYSAlAW championships for the second
time in the last four years. giving the
Danes a l5-6-i record.

()swcgo let up six runs in the second inn-
ing, giving Albany pitcher Wendy
Williams all the cushion site needed to
secure the victory.

Williams faced 25 batters. four over the
minimum, giving tip four hits anti striking
out four.

Named to the NYSAiAW Ali~
Championship Team, Williams helped the
Danes to a ﬂying start in their first round
game against CUNY champions Statctt
island. Shc pitched her third no-hitter of
the year to give the second-seeded Danes a
4-0 victory. ,

it was the first time in NYSAiAW
playoff history that a no-hitler was
thrown. accotding to Head Coach Lee
Ritcnish. Williams struck out l0. while
walking only one.

i-Zariier in the year. Williams pitched
hack-to~back tic-hitters in ti doubleheader
against Sicna, which Rhenlsh said was
“unheard of."

“it's not unusual for someone in Divi-
sion l to pitch ti few tin-hitters. but for us
to have someone in Division iii to do this

is something." said Rhenislt.

Williams. who was named to the Nor-
theast region All-American team. pitched
every inning of every game for the Danes
this year, except for one inning against
Herbert Lehman.

Willi the win over Staten island, the
Danes advanced to the semifinals against
third-seeded New Paitz. The teams split
two earlier confrontations this year. but
the Danes left little doubt about the out-
come of this game, winning 19-5.

Kelly Brown and Beth Wolf led the
l9~hit attack. each getting four hits.
Williams. voted the team's Most Valuable
Player this year. helped her own cause by
going 4-for-5 with two doubles. a triple
and four RBl‘s. Brown and Monique
Romano homered for Albany.

Against Oswego. the Danes took advan-
tage of several opportunities to gain the
six-run lead in the second inning. Out of
one single. three walks. a few bunts. a con-
ple of errors and it passed ball, Albany got
an insurmountable lead.

“i couldn't have written it better on a
script." said Rhenish. “That was one of
the best innings l've seen the team play all
year. Things happened just as you
visualize them happening."

The Danes added two runs in the fifth.
and one In the sixth and seventh for in-
surance that was never needed.

Wolf and Romano were also named to
the NYSAIAW All-Championship Team.

According to Rhenish. the team
wouldn't have gone anywhere without
four key players: Kathy Chlccster, who
was named the team’s Most improved

 
 

Player. Theresa Coyle, Paige Gardineer
and Teresa Murray.

“They came out for the team just so we
could have a team." said Rhenish. “Even
though they didn't play a lot.~ without
them. we never would have got where we
did." ‘

Next year. the Danes are looking to add
another title to their collection: a
SUNYAC title. This year. Albany lost a
doubleheader to Oneonta which

 

 

eliminated them from post-season
SUNYAC play. in order to qualify for the
National Championships, the Danes first
have to win the SUNYACs.

The NYSAiAW tournament. held May
i0-l 1. involved eight teams selected from a
pool of :17 Division ill softball teams af~
filiated with the NYSAiAW. Other teams
participating were Union, Oneonta,
Malloy and host team Herbert Lehman.

 " WI lg.

      

 

DAV! IMO UPS
SOUEEZE PLAY: Sheila Littloton attempts to to down a bu '
softball team. They are the NYBAIAW champioris. M '0' m. A'bmy am.‘

 

  

VQL UME LX'XIr

ALAY
STUDENT
' PRESS

 

  
  

September 10, 1985

 

 

vaa;_,l “$9.. .,

. v

VIncreased:.occupancies greet frosh

By Pam Schusterman '
EDITORIAL MISTANT ‘

For‘a largevnumber of- first-year and. transfer
students the words “the more the merrier" (have taken
on a special meaning. The ords. posted on'tlorr'ti
doors and buttons all over; _ pipus, ar " ' ‘
project a positive attitude  '
overcrowding on campus , .f ‘ I I -

According to John Marigone, Director oﬁ-Residetts .
tial Life, 46 percenLof incOnting frosh and transfer 3
students are living in increased quarters. "This means"

 

    

   
  

 

temporary housing conditions." hevsaid. I ‘

the students are either living in increased occupancy or ' ,,

 

Increased Occupancy. said Martone, is deﬁned as
students in suites that are tripled or quadrupled on a
fairly permanent basis. Temporary housing conditions
are people living in lounges or in bunkrooms on Alum-
ni Quad, he said. adding that about 50 students fall in-

V to this category and they are guaranteed to be reassign-
ed to' permanent housing within two weeks.

The reason for temporary housing. Martone said. is
..because "‘We guarantee freshman housing and these
. people either applied very late or were walk-ins."
~ The problem of overloading in campus dorms is not

- - ' ' 19>

  
   

 

 

Kim!- UPS

 

Forty-six porcth oi-tho incoming  and tron-for studentoare living'  increased quarters.

. .

 

 

SA 1. victorious  palling place shift

By Al Baker

Months of negotiations finally ,
paid off for Student Association: .-

(SA)‘ officials when the Albany
CommotifCouncil voted to move the
polling. place for Dutch Quad
residentsutp the Thruway House on
Washington Avenue last Thursday.
The original location had been a nur-
sing home over two miles away from
the campus in a less accessabie area
of the city.

Last November most Dutc Quad
residents were districted to vote at
St. Margaret Mary’s Sc ool on
Western Avenue. Residents of
Beverwyck and Schuyler dorms on
Dutch were districted to vote at the
gym. But in early April this year a
new voting district was created which
included Dutch Quad. Voters in the
new 15th Ward. 7th district. were
then scheduled to vote at the
Daughters of Sarah Nursing Home
on the Washington Avenue
Extension.

Along with the redistricting. to
many students voted in the 1984
presidential elections that the com-
bined number of Dutch and Colonial
Quad voters exceeded the number
allowed by law.

Steve Cowley. Student Associa-
tion (SA) President, who was con-
cerned about the issue of women's
safety. said “it seemed an if the city

was trying to inconvenience student
voters" by putting the new polling
place off campus. ’ r

' Due't'o' the fact that the Daughters
of Sarah Nursing Home is two and a
half miles from campus and there are
no sidewalks along Fuller Road and
Washington Avenue. Gawiey said
some change was necessary. Other
factors against the 'original site in-
cluded a'high speed limit near the
nurgln’ “home, poor street lighting.
infrequent public transportation and
weatheﬁcyoncems. Gawley said.

SA “we? especially concerned now

because of the Karen Wilson case.
Wilson. a SUNYA student who was
to have graduated this past May. has
been missing since March 27. i985.
She was last seen walking on Fuller
Road.
“in light of the Karen Wilson inci-
dent. our concern about women’s
safety was paramount.” added
Clawley. ’

“This summer we attempted to
show city ofﬁcials that we were
determined to make amends for past
disagreements between SA and the
City Council." said Gawlcy. Albany
ofﬁcials involved in the discussions
included Albany Mayor Thomas M.
Whalon lii. Fifteenth Ward Alder-
man Nicholas Coiluccio. County
Legislator Frank Commluo and
Commlrloner of Elections Raymond

 

J. Kinley.

in the past, SA has had little or no
outreach to the city. Gawley said.
The results of that lack of proper
community relations are evident in
the threatened enforcement of the
anti-grouper law and in the polling
place issue.- he added. '

SA worked this summer to‘ im-
prove cooperation and enhance rela-
tions with the city through its com
munity relations program, Gawley
said, Which included an increased ef-
fort to clean up the ' streets of
Albany, a' program of water conser-
vation and the Matchmaker Project
to help improve the student housing
situation. “i believe we have shown
the city that' students can be a
positive force in the community and
that they do deserve a change to par-
ticipate in the electoral process,"
said Gawley.

“We feel that through the Pro ac-
tive Community Relations Program.
we have greatly improved our rela-
tionship with the city and our con-
cern over the movement of the poll-
in place to the Thruway House was
ﬁnally addressed.” he added.

When asked if SA’s efforts to im-
prove rclationa with the city
represented a change in tactics.
Gawley said. “We're working with
the city to try and gain a positive rap-

34h

 
   

Tuesday

NUMBER 23

Area bars refurbish to
attract over-21 crowd

By Jim O'Sulllvan
NEWSEDlmR

When the 21 year old drinking age goes into effect
December 1, Albany's most popular student bars will be
losing more than just a few weekend pattygoers — they'll
be losing a major portion of their clientele as well.
Already. a new look is emerging as the bars try to attract
an older crowd. .

The most dramatic change so far is Washington
Tavern's (W.T.’s) new green and pink decore, which
W.T.'s owner Michael Byron said issupposeid to be
sophisticated and the style of the future. More subtle,
though. are changes underway at the Lamp Post, the
Long Branch. Across the Street Pub, and Sutter’s Mill.
all of which are turning to new strategies to retain or at-
tract new customers.

W.T.'s, located at 250 Western Avenue. was in for
some revision despite “21,” said Byron. “It needed a
change after fifteen years. — it was kind of
weathcrbeaten.” The new look includes a new color

- scheme. lighting and furniture. ‘ ‘We're gearing up for the

next ﬁfteen years," he explained.

“We're looking for our market share," said Byron,
who added that the redecoration was part of that concept.
"in other words, we’re moving a little bit up-market."
Byron said he hoped to attract a slightly over “21”
clientele. but said, “we don’t want to eliminate the SUNY
juniors and seniors,” either. -

in addition to physical changes, Byron said. W.T.’s has
expanded its kitchen hours until 2:30 am. on weekends.
Despite the new color scheme. he added. he said he
believes W.T.’s will remain popular with students. “Our
drinks haven’t chart ged, our personnel haven’t changed."
he said.

Down thevstreet‘. at the intersection of Quail Street and
Western Avenue. changes are in stole for the‘Lamp Post,
also. 'According. toowner Tony S’abatino, the bar will
become a semi-restaurant that will be designed to be
“Bohemian with a little twenty-ﬁrst century design -— it’s
going to be a little bit different and a little creative,” he
promised. I _

SabatinoI who also owns LP’s, the dance club below
the Lamp Post. said he will feature more ltaiian dishes
and pizza in the "new" restaurant. and at prices low
enough to attract a student following. Construction‘on
the interior of the Lamp Post. he added; will start in
January with completion slaterffor before students return
after intercession.

Much closer to the University’s uptown campus. at
l238 Western Avenue, another student bar is also expan-
ding its menu and updating its interior. Across the Street
Pub manager Mike Arduini said more finger foods,
salads. seafood. and burger combinations were added to
the menu this summer. But. he said, 21 "wasn't the main
reason we did that.”

4 “Every bar or restaurant has to make a change every
now and then," to keep customers satisﬁed and attract
new patrons, he said.

 

 

 

