2' 'A'LhANY STUDENT’PRESSI l:l TT'UESDA "oc‘r‘obisa‘i-‘l. 31'9‘85

r

    

NEWS Barf

French actressgles,  ,

‘ ' l J.

Paris

(AP) Simone Signoret, one of France’s

best known actresses, died from “a long

and painful illness,” the expressionvthe

French use to describe cancer. She was 64
years old. '

Her daughter, Catherine Allegret, said
Ms. Signoret died Monday morning in her
country house in the Eure. west of Paris.
"She fought until the end. She died as she
lived. with courage," her daughter said.

Ms. Signoret had been married since
I951 to actor Yves Montand'.

Youths riot in London

London
(AP) Police patroled the streets of Lon-
don’s riot-torn Brixton district. but the
rioting- touched off by the accidental
shooting by police of a black woman ap-
peared to have eased.

 

 

Scotland Yard spokeswoman Frances
Walker. “We’re keeping ' “our ﬁngers
crossed.” . ’
However. politicians debated the use of
ﬁrearms/by Britain’s traditionally unarm-
ed polide.’and'thb‘govérnment's refusal to
orderua judicial intj‘tiinyiinto the: sheeting. v

    

N
‘r

The Nollion‘:
Spock warns parents

 

'Fall River, Mass.
(AP) Millions of children are being
frightened needlessly because of the out-
pouring of concern over missing
youngsters, says Dr. Benjamin Spock.
“Instead of spending money on ﬁnger-
printing children. we should be spending it
on better child care," the child care expert
said Sunday. “Most of the children kid~
napped are abducted by their father. who
no longer lives at home with the child. and

children is the teen-ager running away
from home . . . trying to get the parents‘
attention."

Spock. author of “Baby and Child

 

“It's looking fairly peaceful.“ said

 

PREVIEW OF EVENS'

 

. Care," told an audience at the First Con-

the other major reason for missing

this problem into some sense of propor-
tion. We are scaring millions of kids."

the situation can conjurel'up unnecessary
“morbid fear" int childien of being
kidnapped.- ‘ ‘ “'11 r1"

Title X challenged

- Washington
(AP) The government’s family planning
program, linked by some conservative op-
ponents to abortion clinics, is under attack
in congress from abortion foes who hope
to end the birth control counseling pro-
gram by year’s end.

The congressional authorization for the
family planning program‘technically ex-
pired yesterday. While both supporters
and opponents say it will survive at least
six weeks longer because of a stopgap bill,
they continue their quarrel over a long-
term renewal.

The program. known as Title X because
it is included in the tenth title of the Public
Health Service act, .provides financial
assistance to family planning clinics, in-
cluding those that provide birth control in—
formation to poor families and to teen—
agers.

 

   

.gregatlonai Church that, "‘We must get '

He said paying A-too~mu‘ch- attention to _ .‘

 

 .
stain.asrténjsiiﬂsﬁd

_ New York
‘ (AP) Thousands of workers labored to
restore electric and telephone serviceMon-
day to Long Islanders blacked out by Hur-
ricane Gloria, while scores dfﬁschdbls 're-
mained closed and the Long Island Rail
Road called out the National Guard to
man crossings. , " i
“There are still more than 300,000 peo-
ple without electric service.” said Carol
Clawson, spokeswoman for the Long
Island Lighting Co. “We today have a vir-
tual army .of utility workers. men and
women and machinery. in the ﬁeld to con-
tinue the long process of restoring service
to Long Island." ‘

Hurricane kills few

(AP) Three new reports of deaths'on Long
island brought to four the number of New
York fatalities related to Hurricane
Gloria. . . ‘ s

In the newly reported cases, officials
said a utility repairman died early Sunday,
a motorist died Saturday in an accident
partly caused by trafﬁc light failure, and a
man died Friday after a tree limb hit him
on the head.

—- Correction, _---

The Sept. 13 issue incorrectly identified
SUNYA's. Student Association President
Steve Gawley’s role in the Capital District
Student As'sociatioh.~ " ' ‘

‘ - According to .Odwleyp'the- organization
- is headed by a rotating'chairShip which

will be shared by all member schools:

The editorial page column of the Sept.
13 issue mislabled the rebels opposing the
Nicaraguan governmentdl‘hey are known
by the Spanish word contras. '

‘ \

While the reporters and-editors of the
Albany Student Press strive for accuracy,
they handle thousands of facts each issue
and errorsinadvertently do occurl‘We cor-'
réct and clarify these errors in this column;
To bring them to our editors’ attention.

 

please 'call 442-5660.

 

 

  

 

Association will hold Its first
Interest meeting on Tuesday.
October 1 at.8:00 pm. In HU
354. Call Tom or Paul at
Outing Club meets every 442-6601formoreintormation.
Wednesday. 8 pm. In LC 22- Brown Bag Luncnmteh‘trmhg' “Ores?” ,3 Inst’ructors‘ and
All are welcome: ‘v r“'i'c10nsultzint Connie Frisbee First  ristructors. : For
Law Schodi’q Applicants ‘A .‘Ho'iide sipeakiii“ ori‘ “it?’ggh‘f’ilfnbiii'ih‘iiormatlon, call the Red

{(99 "stings structor’s Seminar on Satur-
day. October 5. from 8:30 am.
to 4:00 p.ir'i. at the Colony
Community Center. This

course is designed for ,Fiﬂed

represenlalilislllromvNorthern‘ travail oi lvdril. ill trill! iii - to" at 462-7461.

illinols Univdrslty'B'CoIté'Qe'QEBWIII’be heldio“'w§ah%%i?  nthropology Club will
Law will be encampus Tues-“bittbber 4"ilfo “12:15 to 11.30 infest on Wednesday, October
day. Octobet‘i'iifrorh‘l'iotoo a.rni"r‘iéih. in HU‘SS .‘"ball 465.3171 - '2'.‘at 4:00 pm. In ss 260.

to 2:00 pm. in the Campus for more information. The Albert Reid Dance Com-
Center lobby. For more intor- Dig Into all the banana split pnny will perform on Saturday
marten. contact Fioz Burrick in you can eat on Friday. October October 5. at 7:30 pm. In the;
CUE. 4 at 12:14 pm. on the Podium. Moader Little Theater on the
Health Protession Applicants Tickets are $1.75 with dis- College's Troy Campus.
A representative from the counts available for multiple Tickets are $2 for students
Ohio College of Podiatric sales and can be purchasedln with‘I.D. General admission ls
Medicine will be on campus the Campus Center Lobby. $4. ' >
Tuesday. October 8. See 902 A Pro-Law Advisement 593- The Community and Public
Burrlck In CUE for further slon will be held on Wednes- Service Program will hold two
information. day. October 2 from 7:00 - 9:00 Information Days on Tuesday
The English Undergraduate pm. In LC 23. All law school October 8 and Wednesday,
Club' will hold a general in- applicants should attend. OctobersiromQa.m.t04 p.m’
terest meeting “May at 4230 The Acappeiia Group,“Rogen~ The Cities of International
pm. in HU 127. All are cy," will perform on Thursday. Programs will hold a general
welcome. October 3. from 11:30 am. to interest meeting for all
Feminist Alliance Meeting 1:30 pm. In the Junior College students interested in study-
Thursday, October 3 In HU of Albany Cafeteria. No ad- Ing abroad on Wednesday Oc-
108. All women are encourag- mission charge. lobar 2. at 7 pm. In HU 554
ad to attend. The American Red Crosswlll Call 442-3525 for more
The Germanic Amorlcnn be sponsoring its annual In- Information.

0
.<

 

 

 

Senate and Assembly Full-
Tlme Internship applications
are available at CUE. The
deadlines are October 4 for
the Senate and October 18 for
the Assembly.

‘The Physics and Astronomy
Club will present Dr. Keith
Ratcllft. professor of physics

.at SUNYA, speaking on “Star.

’Wars," on Tuesday. October 1
at 7:00 pm. in PHY 129.

Alpha Kappa Epsilon, a social
fraternity. will be holding Its
‘ first general interest meeting
on Thursday, October 3 at 9:00
pm. In SS 108.
The Department at Philosophy
and Center for the Humanities
are sponsoring Professor Joel
Felhborg oi the University of
Arizona. .He will speak on
“Wrongful Life and Pro-natal
Learning“ on Wednesday, Oc-
tober 9 at 3:30 pm. In HU 354.
“Our Aging Population: The
cost of Caring" will be
discussed .by Russell Sage
and professors Paul Search
and Norman Snyder on Tues-
day. October 1 at 7:30 pm. In
the Keilas Formal Room on

The Center for the Disabled
will hold Its recruitment day
on Saturday, October 5. Pro-
grams begin at 1:00 p.m., 3:00
p.m.. and 5:00 pm. and will be
held at the center on 314
South Manning Boulevard.
For more information. call the
Human Resources Depart-
ment at 489-8336.

Harvard University's two-year
master‘s program In public
policy will be described by
Sally Sachar, Assistant to the
Director of the Public Policy
Program. You can meet‘with
her on Monday, October 7,
from either 10:00 to 11:00pm”
or from 11:00 am. to 12:00
pm. In the career placement
oillce. j

Othello will be staged by the
National Shakespeare Com-
pany of New York onSaturday,
October 5 at 8:00 pm. In Page
Hall of the downtown SUNYA,
campus. General admission

is $9 for students. and $5 for
seniorcltlzene. For more In-
formation. call Alton McCloud

at 442-3995.

 

  

g

 

 

   

aty'Fink
: ; V‘ 133,800“ students have
.- to’ vote for this fall’s
‘ha‘ notiystr‘had  talisman
3 d ‘initho'Campus Center'lobby
L from 10amto4pm every day this
‘ week. 3 . -
l Approidmately 3500 of these
people have registered through
Student Association’s Student

. Action committee. aTacticslused‘
to ‘ register students have .1 varied. .

said Larry Hartman. Student AC!
tion chair. and have included
_ “two quad sweeps that wgrefctm-
ducted on all five quads." In-
coming students were registered
‘ during“ summer orientation ses-
sions. added committee vice-chair
Phil Botwinik. ’ " :

According to attainment 

. 12!: students registered Monday at

. the table in the Campus center.

' I Sticey‘ Young. project fedor-

dinat‘or of the New York Public
Interest Research Group
(NYPIRG) at SUNYA, said that
voter regiStration is not a priority
for NYPIRG this year. but ap-
proxirnately 300 people have been
registered through the group. She
added. “when we talk to people
we try .10 get them registered.”
. “Voter registration is our top
priority in the beginning of the
year.” explained Botwinik.
“because it's only through
students taking the right to vote
and using it responsibly can we be
looked at as r active, caring
citizens." '

ions, and-thoseleho'
“proximately months out of' peoplewonft bezwillingtolgivet.

TUESDA Y, OCTOBER 1, I985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

registers 3500- voters-tor fall local elections

speciﬁcally where to go to vote.
According to the Board of Elec-

who to vote for. there will be a

Stephanie Kay.‘vice chairof the  aren’t registered to Vote, _ di
“Meet the.>Can dates Night"on

Student Action committee saidiiti they can'tcomplain. If and when

    
 

 

is important to hereand {they‘dogotq complain, they will sundayLNovember 3 «at 7:30 in tions, Alumni Quad residents
 a student district, [vbeasked’where they are registered' the: (lantp'usx Center: Ballroomp 'dvote atAlbanyHighSchool; State
‘Most students live‘hgrglfprap- no vote;{§rlf.they aren't registered; ,1..wiihro}_wme'and,cheese reception" (Quad. in thwc State Quad

Flagroom; Colonial Quad, and
part of Dutch, at the Thruway
House; Indian and part of Dutch .
Quad. in the gym. Dutch Quad is
'split because Indian and part of
Dutch Quad are located in the

their] afterwards. ‘- Tickets will be
mandatory. but free, and
available in the SA ofﬁce from
October l5 to November 3.
.Each registered student will
receiveacardin the mail from the
Board. of Elections» stating

the’yea'r. If we‘v'ote‘here‘. we’ca‘n ‘- them the time of silly.”

have more say in issuesisuch as , Botwinik'added that by voting.
the Grouper Law." ‘ ' _“we'can_ have' some type of say
‘ ’ and government

   

   
 

Hartman added. “not many, ‘ I a
people will be going back home to r ‘
live with their families" .after- 1.
graduation. Many people go on I
to graduate school “or begin ' ‘
careers at that time, heexplained;

“aWith voting privilegesweean
havemore say in cuts in the police ,
and ﬁre departm ‘ ’ niches, .
services, and stat sales tan

  
  
 
 
 
 
 

‘I - students decide

      
 
  

 
 

  

community... )3   .

Kay added that “students are7
taken more seriously when they -'
exercise their right to vote." '

According to Botwinik, in the
1934 elections. approximately
6000 students registered and .
about 5000'.actually voted. He
added that that is a very high
percentage as compared to other
universities}; '2. 3. ‘-  . _

Students' response to, registra-
tion has been very good and peo-
ple have been very receptive, said
Hartman._‘add_ing “overall.
Albany. students are _responsible
citizens and voters", He also said
that voting; here ."gives us the
legitimacy toy'w'ork on issues. If

 

Student Action Vice Chair Phil Botwlnllt
"voter registration is our top priority in the beginning of the year. "

ii ilrl 

By Ian Clements

51m wanna _

‘ Dorm dwellers who don't loci: their
doors and studiers who leave wallets and

purses unattended in the libra'ryxmake the
jobs of campus thieves easier, claim

' University ofﬁcials. ‘

The library. sometimes a tofuge of peace
and solitude, is 'actually the building with
the hi‘ghestrrate of thefts. according to

James Williams, Director of Public Safety. _

Students often leave valuables .behind in

cartels or on desks when they expect to be"

gone for only a short time. but return to
find those items missing. he explained.

The problem .is not confined to the“ ‘

library. however. Unlocked doors. said
Williams. are a major contributor to thefts

By Angelina Wang

Students who have wondered what it
would be like to live in a foreign country
will have a chance to find out when the Of-
fice of International Programs conducts
the first of ten meetings about studying
abroad Wednesday.

Every year “Albany offers 18 to 20 pro-
grams abroad," including “over 120 pro-
grams in 35 countries open to students
from all SUNY units," according to Han.
nclore Passonno. Assistant to the Director
of International Programs.

“We send roughly l60 students abroad
each semester. and from 40 to 50 students
through other SUNY program." said Dr.
Alex Shane. Director of international Pro-
grams at the University.

“Many years ago. only language majors
took advantage of study abroad pro-
grams." said Passonno. Now, “you don't
need to be a language major" due in part.
Pastonno said. to an Increase in the
number of programs which do not require
previous knowledge of a foreign language.

“We are seeing more major: in political
science. economics. and business," study

 

on the quads. . ‘ ‘
Having people in your suite does not
necessarily guarantee the safety of your
belonﬁngs either. a fact which some In-
‘dian ‘quad residents recently discovered.

1 While Igris Morfogen and her roommate
were out of their MontaukVHaIl room one
aftemoonf early this semester. two of her
‘suiternates. who were in adjacent rooms.
heard a knock on the suitesdom door.
They both told the irnoclter to come in,
~Morfogen said. but each thought that the
other had left their room to see the visitor.
so neither‘of them left‘their particular
room.

When Morfogen returned. she noticed
that her camera and her roommate’s radio
and wallet were missing.

3 on ‘_‘N.

   

abroad. Passonno added.

Julie Feinberg. a senior psychology ma-
jor who spent her junior year in Israel. did
not feel that the benefits of staying abroad
were limited to language majors. A person
would be “stupid to be scared of a
language barrier." she said. Feinberg
viewed Hebrew as a challenge. “Don’t let
your fears stop you from going abroad.
You'll miss the best experience of a
lifetime." the added.

According to Passonno. students

' deciding to go abroad with majors in the

hard sciences may find it difﬁcult. "A

Foreignstudy offers a g"

,g.

In another September incident, a
suspected thief entered the apartment of
an assistant quad director while the person
was in another partoftlle apartment.

While there have been other walk-in
thefts on Indian Quad this seine‘ster,

Williams said that the number of such in-,.

cidents this year is less than usual.

John Martens. Assistant Vice President
for Residential Life and Student Develop-
ment said. “his too early this year to com-
pare the rates of theft in the dorms to past
years.'l would be able to tell you after a
semester or a couple of months." he said.
but he added, “I don't see a rash of things
going ori like this."

Because the problem is “common” and

5 till. .
» agl_'e,l”.shapingstridentpA perception of the

   
 

Unlocked   to campus thefts

"continual," he said. Residenan Life
Staff instructs students to prdvide for their
own ; safety at orientation and hall
meetings. “I do think the Campus Police
.provide good safety but it’s your respon-
sibility, and mine also. for our own safe-

' ty," Manone added.

Students have little to fear if they lock
their doors. Williams said. “Nobody took
a growbar to a student's room door. This
is a relatively safe campus." he said.

. “If we had motel room doors [which
automatically lock when the doors shutl."
he said. “the amount of theft that occurs
on this campus would be reduced by seven-
ty percent. But.” he added, “that would
be a large investment. maybe a million
dollars." El

experience

“international prograrpm Shane added

world" and, are;on.-a.mu§h broader scale

(.qumparlstivtelyl(.Q‘thanmthe academic

‘ ._ n
.gIWRAF-urnl (tllqlllE-U rlo

  

 

. Mann
biology major with three years of German
is not very prevalent," she added. Shane
added, “natural science and business ma-
jors could consider a summer program."

He went on to make a strong argument
for international programs by saying.
“foreign study is an important [and] in-
tegral part of an undergraduate education.
It exposes one to another culture. and
another set of values."

Shane listed Values. World Cultures.
andSymbollcs to point out that “foreign
study reinforces half of the general educa-
tion requirement categories."

     

,il-

 

- u‘ ,Passonno stressed. #03:: ofﬁce is here.

to help that student with any course of
study — even a career oriented one." Un-
fortunately. some students procrastinate
or choose to wait until they may or may
not have the proper prerequisites for where
they wuld like to go. “Students should
come as early as their freshman year."
Passonno said. 4m

There is a prevailing tendency to
generalize the international experience as
"the junior year abroad." said Shane. ad-
ding “many students do go in their senior
years.

Passonno. however. didn't advise this
for students who were “worried about get-
ting onough credits for graduation."

Nina Ourevich. presently a graduate stu-
dent. went to the USSR in her senior year
for one semester. She said she didn't feel
the sacrificed one minute of her univeﬁtz

 

