 

 

NATIONAL AFFAIRS

(Continued from page ll)
ent women and cliildren'." ‘No.‘ ‘Do you
want to cut aid to education?‘ ‘God, no‘."

Timothy Leibowitz. (l tttL‘llllJL'I‘ of the
Berkeley College Republicans. concedes that
he‘s in part rebelling against his parents.
"They hath were at Berkeley in the early '60s
and run (Iron/id in the free-speech demoti-
striitionx. Tlieygot caught up in the ﬁn] oft/ie '
time. The Republican Party is more prug~
nuln'c (Ind realistic. We see man its capable of
doing evil as well as good. Democrats my
trust the Soviets—we can negotiate with
them. Wesee them for theoninmh‘ they (Ire. "

Leibowitz sees himself as a realist—in
direct contrast to the llailing idealists ofthe
radical ‘60s. And many of his peers share

energy and university investments in South

Africa. She soon quit the group. “I realized
that there are more practical and eﬁicient
ways to change society." says Haddad—
like spending last spring working for the
Democratic National Committee.

Some observers. in fact, think that partv
designations—and even adjectives lil.e
“conservative"—simply cloud the new re-
ality. “A lot of students aren't sure w‘ at tl’
means,“ says Deil Wright. alumn istia-
guished professor of political seiei ce at
Chapel Hill. “To them. conservatism
means patriotism, and I think they identify
with a president who is the Olympics. July
Fourth, waving flags. Patriotism was out in
the ‘60s and ‘70s. I think the new conserva-
tism means being optimistic. upbeat on
America. middle class.“

soon to be corrected by another wave like

that ofthe ‘605. "Reagan's appeal isbased on
his ability to create rising expectations,"
says Carleton political scientist Norman J.
Vig. “But he‘s got to deliver or it will come
crashing down.“ Brown sophomore James
Bernard. 19, thinks the course of world
eventscanonceagainplayabigrole—justas
it did in the '605. “There was apathy then
and tlierc‘sapathy now.“ he says. “lftomor-
row they started drafting people. you'd see
a lot ofpeople in the streets.“

But there‘s a hitch iii the pendulum the-
ory: virtually everyone agrees that the ‘80s
are not just a replay of the ‘505. “After
World War II. we were in a resurgence,"
says USC Dean of Students Robert
Marines, a 30-year faculty member. “There
was a feeling you could go to college, get
married and live happily ever

 

l

‘lligh prcp‘mi the stops ithIorchcnd Planetarium at UNC: A return to plaids and s-wi'atcizt

 

ilthough they place much less
importance on party labels. Their credo
might be that of David Boudreau. a Carle-
ton senior who says. “I go for what works.“
Brown‘s l’olli. for instance. explains her
Republican allegiance in highly practical
terms. criticizing the Democrats for "‘i
throwing money“ at real problems.
might make a lot ol‘ bubbles. but they‘re all
going to go down the sink.“

The satire practical approach character-
izes many on the left. At Houston's Texas
Southern. a predominantly bl' ~k school.
coordinator of student activities Beverly
Caldwell thinks that in the 1984 election.
signilieant numbers ol'TSU students feared

new cuts in sttideiit tinancial aid if Reagan ;

was reelected—and voted against him on
that pragmatic ground. And as a USC fresh-

‘ stage now. ‘

man in Will. Annette I'laddad joined a ‘

group called Students for Economic Dc-
mocracy. which led protests against nuclear

H

for/nerSeii. George McGovern. the liber-
n/ Democrat whose own presidential condi-
ducy was .rtt'ept away by Richard Ni.\‘on'.\'
I972 lam/slide. is new teaching a coin-re in
.Atmericonforeign policy (I! Duke. “I believe
very strongly in the pendulum theory oj‘poli-

. ‘hc says. “You go through periods of
re/otni. agitation. change. hungi'rjitr u rudi-
cn/ ornl lcilst liberal change in the way things
urehcing done. W-hccotne(ilitmtis/icd. W -
ll'tlttl the government to more on the on viron-
Ittettl. more on civil rights. more on South
.-ljricu. . . 'I‘heizyou go through it long period
where people are more quiescent. more cyni-
cti/ ofpolin’cal solutions. People don 'I want
government iittcijcring with their prim/t-
liver. I thin/t we‘re going through this [ti/It'l'

McGovern may be right: the sweeping
campus changes of the ‘80:; may be little
more than another swing ot'tlie pendulum.

after. Then kids saw their par-
ents weren't particularly hap-
py. People were already upset
when the Vietnam War came
along, but the war was the last
straw. Today we‘re not in
quite the same place as the
‘505. Students are not as gang-
ho and the resurgence is not
quite as strong. In the ‘505
there was an attitude that if
the United States was involved
with something. it must be
right. Now students realize
that things go wrong, that
there is corruption."

Brown Prof. George W.
Morgan, who taught applied
mathematics from l950to 196]
and currently teaches extrude-
partmental courses at the
school. sounds a similar theme:
that some student sensibilities
may have been permanently al-
tered by ideas that emerged
from the protest era. "The kind
of awakening that occurred

 

CHARLES LEDFDRD

cannot be simply written off," Morgan ar-

gues. “I taught students in the late ‘505 and
early '60s about ecological problems and the
problems of the cities. and they wouldn't
know what I was talking about. New stu-
dents aren't ignorant ofthe problems in the
sameway."

Carleton‘s Dickerson thinks what is
afoot is "not a turning brick of the clock.
but a development of a new political syn-
thesis.“ For the moment. its main goals—
stnbiltty, prosperity and optimism—«seem
personified in the can-do ﬁgure of Ronald
Reagan. But given the profound pragma-
tisin ol‘so many students. any gloating over
anew generation ofconverts by more tradi-
tional conservatives may be drastically
premature.

MlZRRllJ. stunts \\'Illl warNii RU'I'MAN
in \\’ns|iingtoii. JOHN HARRIS lit Nnrtlillt'ld.
Mllllll:. Al'lilllllll’ill LATER in Anti Arbor. Mlclt..

~. . I in Providence. MARGARET
Mll llll.llA(.‘l| iii llcrlxclcy iiiiil hut‘cnii reports

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH I085

 . >
. $3?“th and
I 1. . 1

 

We'll give you time to focus on your future.

A bright future. You know it’s out there. All
you need is a little time to find it. In the Army or
Army Reserve, you'll get that time. Time to grow.
mentally and physically. through new challenges and
responsibilities. Time to explore different career possi-
bilities. Time to zero in on what you want to do in life.
We've got over 300 different career skills to offer you.
Exciting skills. tight for today's world. Skills with a future.

And while you're learning. you can be
earning money for school. Qualify for the Army College
Fund, and you can save more than $25000 for

college with just a two—year enlistment.

With the

Reserve Education Program. qualified people can receive

$4.000 for college.
Look into your future. Take a

moment

now to call or send for your Army "Build a Future"
Kit—complete details on Army and Army Reserve
opportunities. It's free and without obligation.

If you're looking for a great
future, the Army or Army

Reserve can be time Y RESERVE-
well spent.  CAN BE-

SEND FOR YOUR ARMY
“BUILD A FUTURE" KIT
AND SWEATSET... FREE.

I'm looking for a great future. Tell me how
the Army or Army Reserve can helpnme
find it. Send me my "Build a Future Kit,
along with my Amiy sweatset. I understand
that cvcrything is free and without obligation.

 

NAME

 

STREET

 

C l'l'\'

 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMIHER '

 

l’I [ONE (Arm Cmer

l20CDU"035PO

‘ Thu inlormntion you voluntarily pruvido. to include Socral Security

number. will be u

sod lot recruiting puiposos only Your Social Security

~ over-
number Wlll be usod to annlyte indivmlual iosponsos to this a
liseinenl (Authority to USC 503) v
For faster action. call toll-free l-thO-UbA-ARIVH

Call or send
for your FREE
"Build a Future" Kit

Army
sweatset.


a“.

.ii-nni ; I

Ask for operator 400

[.________ * _ _ _ _ ___ _ _ _ _ _ __

I'm Iooklng for a real future. Tell me how the Army and
Army Reserve can elp me ﬁnd lt. Send me my "Build a Future"

Klt, along with myAr
Is free and wlthout ob Igatlon.

Name
Street

sweatset. I understand that everythan

IEOCDUIIOSSPO

Cityw .._.v_,ve.-__.______.__ StateW.__ Zip

Phone

 

(Alec Code)
Soclal Security No. '

 

 

‘ In: Intoirmtton vc L y
muttxiismllls .v thw

Call 1-800-USA-ARMY Ask for

.i»;

{Authority Kill“ 50))

Operator 400

or mall thll coupon to: Army Opportunities, no. Ital 1715. cutie", NJ 07015-9961

 

