 

 

EDUCATION

Dormitory main: Will (Ir/(ling white students destroy the family spirit?

itttcrcst. Ettrolltttettt last year fell to 622
frotn a 1078 higlt of834. attd the best candi-
dates oftett go elsewhere. it is a price of
racial success. Talettted black students who
otice were litnited to black colleges are now
recruited by pr ‘tigious largely white insti-
tutions. That rai. s a fundamental and fre-
quently asked question: do we still need
black colleges? Academic studies seem to
say yes. Just as wontett tend to perform
better iti all~female schools, blacks appear
to ﬂourish iii a predominatttly black envi-
ronment. Furthermore, argue supporters of
black colleges. bias still exists iii admissions
to predominantly white schools. Says Joyce
Payne, director of the Ollice for the Ad-
vancement of Black Colleges: “As long as
we ltave preferential treatment iii this coati-
try based on race aitd ethtticity. titere will
continuetob-a need for blackittstitutions.“

major seedbed of the black profes-

siottal class, their other traditional
function ltas become eveit tuore important.
“These universities.“ says the UNCF‘s Ed-
ley. “play a unique role—access." it re~
tnains for the Tougaloos of the coutttry to
take a chance on black students who do not
appeal to white college recruiters. For that
reason, the schools are placing tttore em-
phasis oit exit standards than on entrance
rcquircmettts. To graduate from Tougaloo,
students will be required to maintain a 2.0
grade-point average. read on at least the
lltlt~grade level attd dctnonstratc proli-
cicttcy itt writing attd math. While those

S ince black colleges are no longer the

standards seem rather minimal. they are I

deemed realistic goals for students who oth-

erwise might not have finished collegc——or

ex cit attended one.

iinler ilcrtttait lilake. who at UC. Santa
Cruz, built multiracial Oakes Collcg ttloa
renowned academic success. After arriving
at 'l‘ottgaloo, lilakc immediately outlined
four goals. The ﬁrst: improving the admin-

«to

istration. Soon a host of top
administrators were cleaning
out their desks, ttot all of
them by choice. Some stu—
dents protested the dutnping
of beloved longtime ofﬁ-
cials but, according to Sta-
dent-bodypresidentAnthony
Owens, a recent student-gov-
ernment poll showed that
“moststudentsthoughtitwas
necessary.“ Blake‘s second
goal is to support the faculty
atid strengthen the academic
program. Forthe faculty, that
means sabbaticals and higher
pay. For the academic pro—

gram, it means reforms rang- Science lab:

ittg front the traditional, such
as a strong core curriculum aitd basic exit
requirements, to the unorthodox, such as
new interdisciplinary courses.

The third item on Blake‘s list is money,
and the school has already raised $2.8 mil-
lion. Ever optimistic, Blake speaks ofa $ 10
million endowment. Such ambition is partly
fueled by the support of the Jackson coin-
tnunity. which once wanted nothing to do
with the college. “Tottgaloo‘s an asset to the
area," says Paul Latture Jr., executive vice
president of the Jackson Chamber of Coni-
ttterce. Alvis Hunt, president of the First
National Bank ofJaekson, puts that friend-
ly  ' small it) historical perspective.

‘ “Teny rsago. ifwe'd asked sontcottc fora '

contribution to that school. tlicy‘d have
thrown its out." says Hunt.
Tltc rcal bombshell cattte with the new
president‘s fourth goal: to attract an “iii-
ttgly diverse stttdcitl body." as lilakc
"That is what tltc ‘60s were all about.
s what Martin Lulltcr King dreamed
about.“ The concrete meaning behind these
abstract words is that the “black school"
may no longer be overwhelmingly black.
“We‘re not talking about making this a

‘white‘ institution,“ . .ts Blake. “We‘re
talking about elevating it beyond race. " But
Tougaloo is ttot Oakes, aitd many of the
students and faculty have no desire to be
"elevated." Many also disagree with
Blake‘s choice of white administrative ap-
pointees—even though the school did not
even ltave a black president until 1966. “We
don‘t want Tougaloo to be a place ruti by
whites," says the disenchanted Esters.
Despite the storm, Blake‘s allies are ﬁrm.
Judge ReubettAnderson,a 1964 graduateof
Tougaloo attd the ﬁrst black to serve on
ississippi‘s Supreme Court, is a member of
the board of trustees who shares Blake's
vision. “For Tougaloo to survive,“ Ander-
son says, “we cannot condone any kind of
racism." The Jackson community also likes
the school‘s new direction. Says Tougaloo
booster Hunt: “They‘re going for excel-
lence, they‘re going to make an improve-

Ii'gltlcnt'ng the core, broadening the reach

mcnt attd there‘s no question about it."

Herman Blake's academic reputation is
plainly at risk. “Thejury's still out," says
James Coleman, a 1961 graduate who is
athletic director at Tougaloo. “He‘s very
impressive. but i‘vc got to see dividends."
Others are more generous. “The attitude is
‘wait and see,‘ but overall, optimistic." says
Woods. Blake will ultimately be measured
by the quality of his graduates. As Elias
Blake of Clark College says: “What‘s your
product‘.’ How‘s it playing on the street?
Any black college whose product doestt‘t
measure tip is going to be iii a heap of
trouble."

Herman Blake is conlident ofsucccss~
ttot only by academic standards, but also by
his owtt moral gauge. Whether he will actu-
ally attract ittore whites to Tougaloo seems

less important than opcttittg his stttdcnts' .

minds to tltc idea. But catt the dreams of
Martin Luther King inspire a gctteratioit

, raised on Mr. T? “i expect to see that sense

oi’community within three years,“ lilakc

‘ asserts. "it will be a glorious future.“

JOHN M ‘llWAil ll \tttlt liAllllARA ltURtithliK
lII Jackson

NEWSWEEK (iN (‘AMl’llS/Nt)VliMiliiR l‘ill5

iﬂznwzt‘ 

Check the appropriate boxes to receive information.
Deadline: December 27. 1985

I i V i " "  r i ‘1. What is your maior?
l. I ] Tine Allncrlcnllt‘  A l7 l lhtsincss ll lll II-Ittﬁncerittg
“In can. ' U V r ( l li.iherai Arts ) .. ctcttct'
"  ' - ' this v t I
(..til [-800 [ll 'Altl) or send in 2' What IS, your cm” yea" I ‘
card for appltt. tum. l I i “m” 2 I I I‘m, ‘ l I mm.
2" ] C“le satuuﬂc cadmium” -t l l was ‘i l ltiraduatc l‘rograttt
s. l | Century It Real [Estate Corporation 5‘ A": W“ n Ncws‘lv'fzk subwrlbc"
2 ‘ ‘ ' " ' ' ' formation I l w”, 3 , “
a.l lGeneral Electric—hindtor niort 'm I I ( . '4’
tilt the Power of Music product scrics. 1' “than is Yuur “Ty: 3.1".“ A" mm
Sec s\\'ccpstakcs entry form in this issue 2\ .V ,Y    I mm,“ 2 U
| Panasonic Personal Electronic Typewriters v i v- -
1 Smith Corona Electronic Typewriters

5. l
. l _
. l l (LS. Army National (iuard "mu",
l
l

5. What is your date of birth?
6 .
. l [1.5. Army Reserve 6. Are you a us

‘5

9. l [1.5. Navy ()fﬁccr Programs L
NAMF (please print)
Aiiuitrss
cm'
(1“ I Fl' F

(Ihcck the appropriate boxes to receive information.
Deadline: December 27. 198';

I k ' i. What is your major?
' . . .. J  lard___ V >. H I
L l J [lint'31:}:{Itilfdtfil‘ﬁziiiotil it “‘ :\ l llllttsutclss‘ ll llilfllliﬂllll 
“n 1 V I. ‘ l ' ( Lilit'l'il (l3 tL' l' "
(Jail l«HtlU-'l'l I/\ltl)or send in tlus 2 Wl‘ml ls yml'r cm“ year?
cardlorapplicattiin. .I i 1 wk" 1 1 Hm“ .I I 3 mm,
2.| lCasio Scientiﬁc Calculators I i ‘, was 9 , “mummy Pmumm
i l l(2enlury 21 Real Estate Corporation 5. Am Wu a News??? “lb-“Tun.”
" ’ ‘ t .t .‘o
1. What is your grade politt average?
.\’ltsto tiltst
( ’ ‘Jtilll l)l ilrltm .'t)

4i. l |Gencrai Electric—bend tor nttirc iittormatitnt
rat the Power ol'Mustc product scrics.
See sweepstakes entry torm in this issue
5. | Panasonic Personal Electronic Typewriters l I ' h m” dim: “Hum”
J Smith (lorona Electronic ’l'ypcwrilers 5- w M - 3 nw~_—— 7  “A”,
l [1.8. Army National (iuartl I’ll-Jim- my I Hm
I (LS. Army Reserve (L All—"31.," 3 us, 
| [1.5. Navy ()fﬂccr Programs \ts _ .

i.

 

NM“; I  (please print) 7
Altttlttass .,
t'l‘IY , Acu. . c k”-.. st‘At't- v,,,,, 7, W , ,7, A, W
(.0

 

