 

5"

 
 

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

Fun and games are over for the
Albany State Great Danes. Spr-
ingfield College is coming to
(Own.

Forget about RPl and
Brockport. The scoreboard
operator won't be quite as busy
tltis week; Albany isn’t likely to
score 40—50 points against Spr-
ittgfield. a Division ll school.

Tltc Chiefs lost 16-7 last week'
to Sottthcrn Connecticut. 8
legititnate Division ll
powerhouse. if they cart repeat
tlteir strong dcfettsive perfor-
tttttttce of a week ago against the
Danes. Albany will be fortunate
to get atty points on the board.

Against RPl attd Brockport.
scoring was the least of Albany's
concerns. The Danes outscored
tlte two teams 90-16. gaining a
ttceded boost of confidence. after
dropping a close decision to
ltltaca itt the team‘s first game of
the season.

ltitaca and Springfield play the
same type of defense. a "50" for—
mation that has given the Danes
trouble itt the past. But Albany
Head Coach Bob Ford said it was
the personnel. attd ttot the
defense that gave the Danes
problems.

“Springfield has a solid defen—
sive unit that plays well
together." said Ford. “But
they‘re not quite in lthaea's
category."

The Chiefs often disguise their
defensive formations. in art at-

Sports Fr

Danes face Springfield'as scheduiet

 

Albert ’3 Kan Gatto carries the iootbaliin Aiban

;

...—....,»\r..,...-.m.“m. . ,._-,... _, .;.........N....w......-r. y.-,..--.,‘_, y.‘

iday 

oCromsit 4. 1985

 

alon I Springfield Collage Saturday.

quarterbacks. Dane quarterback
Mike Milano. who missed last
year's contest. is looking forward
to deciphering Springfield‘s
defense.

“Their defense is more com-
plex than lthacrt's," said Milano.
“But it’s just a matter of
recognizing. the defense and ex-
ecuting against it. i think our of-
fense runs well against that type
of defense."

Chief Head Coach Mike
DeLong said one of the keys to
beating the Danes was to contain

“He's a hell of a player." said
DeLong. “As a trigger-man on
the wishbone. he’s perfect. He
has excellent feet. quick reflexes
and great vision -— he's perfect
forthat type of offense."

Springfield‘s record is a decep—
tive 0-2; their other loss was
against American international.
another tough opponent. The
Chiefs are an inexperienced team.
something that was apparent
against AlC. according to
DeLong.

“We’ve got a lot of young kids

   

 

ahead

 

HOWARD TVOAR UPS

y’s 50-9 victory over BrockporhTho Danes taco Divi-

DeLong. “Against AIC. we were
not a very good team at all. But
on defense, we grew up quickly
against Southern Connecticut.
Those guys are simply at a dif-
ferent level; you guys will see next

week."

Southern Connecticut.
Albany’s opponent next week.
will not remind anyone of RP].
Brockport. or even Springﬁeld.
And after Southern Connecticut.
theschedule doesn‘t get much
easier. Upcoming opponents in-
clude Norwich, Hofstra and

TheMets’ pennant hopes , V
take a detour as the '  31-” '-
Cards move two games

 See page 19

   

 

schools. ' ‘
“Coach Ford has been saying
the Pop Warner games are over."

said Milano. “Every game here
on in. we’re going to have our

, hands full. If we can get past Spr-

ingﬁeld. we've got a good chance
against Southern-Connecticut."

The Danes are already at a
disadvantage against the Chiefs.
thanks to an ill-fated'Brockport
bus that moved last week‘s game
a day ahead to Sunday. That
means one less day .to recover
from injuries. and one less day‘ to
prepare for Saturday's game.

“Having one less day does
make a difference," said
DeLong. “The day of rest on
Sunday is important. arid the one
day less of preparation didn‘t
help Coach Ford much. As a
coach. i would not like that."

Ford doesn’t see the one less
day as a “major problem.” He
didn‘t have a chance to go over
the ﬁlms. but he didn‘t have to.
He saw last week’s game
firsthand along with about eight
of his coaches.

“They're not a great football
team.” said Ford. "But Southern
Connecticut is awesome. and they
only lost 16.7." ‘ , ,

Against Brockport. no one
played more than one half of
football, giving the starters a
breather. Fullback Dave Soldini
sat out the entire game to rest his
injured ribs. and wilt play with a
flak jacket this Saturday.

Soldini practiced with the pro-
teetive jacket for the first time on
Wednesday and looked more

 

tempt to confuse opposing Milano.

By Kristine Sauer
SPORTS trmnm

'l‘ltc seven-day countdown for the
Albany State men‘s tennis team began to-
day. In one week the covctcd SUNYAC
tournament. which may result itt their
seventh straight championship title. will be
hosted by the Danes.

After blowing away Sierra 9-0 on Tues-
day. making their record 6-1. the team had
looked forward to yesterday's matcl

 

 

 

 

 

HOWARD rvnAn ut‘s
No. 2 singles Tom Schmltz

on both sides of the ball." said Wagner, all top Division ill 11.

Albany netmen blank Siena 9-0; face RPI next

against the more competitive University of
Massachusettes team. Unfortunately.
Motlter Nature had different plans for the
day. as rain interrupted the first set and the
tttatclt was cttttcelled.

“We‘re disappointed tltut the University
of Massachusetts game wasn't played."
sttid Albany head coach Bob Lewis.
“They're a good team. At this point. we
need to play good teams. Hopefully. we‘ll
be able to reschedule it next week."

The early part of next week's schedule is
up itt the air. The only team they will
definitely face is RPl on Monday. The
local rivalry. which has been dominated by
the Danes for quite some time. should
yield the usual results. The Engineers are
cttrrently 2-5.

“Albany is the only program we haven‘t
beaten itt the area.“ said RPI coach Steve
Kuzmatt. “i don‘t anticipate any surprises.
We'll be lucky to go R-l. maybe 7-2."

RPl may be the Danes‘ last match until
the opening of the SUNYACs. They are
trying to reschedule the University of
Massachusetts for Wednesday ttud
reschedule Tuesday's University of Ver-
tttottt game for the following week to play
them ttfter the SUNYACs.

Five out of six Albany singles players
swept Sietut itt straight sets. David
(irossnttttt. ttutttbcr one singles for the
Danes. beat Sicnu‘s David littrr 6-3. 6'].
At second singles. Albany's ’l‘otn Schniu
won a big match against .iint Morrissui
7-6. 6-1. Morrlsstti previoust plttyetl ttt
number one and itt the past had beaten
Dttvld Ulrich. tt former first singles player
for Albany.

“For Tom to beat Morissul was a very

.good win." said Lewis. “Grossman had a .

nice win. it was one of his better matches
this year."

“l'm starting to hit the ball a little bet-
ter." said Orossman. "i played better
compared to how l’ve been playing. but
l‘m not playing as well as We played in the
past.”

He continued. “My problem is that i
haven‘t beaten anyone l'm not supposed
to beat. i go into some games figuring l‘ve
got a 50-50 chance. maybe l'm even an
underdog a little in some of them. Tltose
are the one I have to win.“

in other singles action. Albany’s third
player. Jay Eiscnberg was given a bit of
trouble by Sicna's Art Triosi. After winn-
ing the first set 6-3. Eisenbcrg let a 5-3 lead
slip out of his hands irt the second set, los-
ing iii a tiebreaker 7-6. He came back and
took the final set 6-3. Dave Zobler.
number fottr singles for the Danes. over-
whelmed Bob McLette in two sets by the
identical score of 6~l.

‘l played really well against Siena.” said
Zobler. “It was my easiest match of the
season because i got it lot more first serves
than i had been getting before. i feel that
We been hitting the bttll better ever since
The Great Dane Classic."

lit a similar gttmc. Mike Dertnansky. at
fifth singles for Alhttny. easily defeated
David Johnson 6-2. 6-2. Finishing ottt the
top six. freshman llob Siracuse beat Bob
(.‘ttntebury of Sicntt 6-3. 6-0.

"Bob's was as interesting match." said
Lewis. “He lost the first three games then
went on tutti won the next twelve straight
games."

After already clinching the match they
took all three double contests. Grossman
and Schmitz beat Barr and Morrissui 8-2.
Gerber. in one of his few appearances this
season due to an injury. teamed up with
Siracuse at second doubles. winning lO—l.
in third dottbles action. Mark Singer and
Steve Greenberg from Albany came out on
top. 6-4. 6-3.

“As a total team we were favored to win
against Sietta." said Grossman. “Sicna is
weak at the bottom. but their top four
played good matches. The win was one

more in preparation of the SUNYACs." ‘

Eisenberg. the team captain. said. “We
heard Siena was greatly improved. in our
huddle before the game the coach told us.
‘We don’t lose to local teams.’ it was a
classic line from him and everybody on the
team was into that."

“The team as a whole did really well."
added Eisenberg. “it's always nice to get a
shutout."

And a shutout is what they might get
against RPl on Monday.

We'll have a difficult time with
Albany." said Engineer Coach Steve Kuz-
man. “Last year we won both matches
reasonably. This year we are the worst
we've been iii the last couple of years.
Albany won our tournament fttlrly
easily."

On Monday. The Danes host the
Engineers at 3:30. After that it will be
three days and counting until the
SUNYACs.

“The SUNYACs are the thing for us."
said Eisenberg. “Lewis is working as very
hard and i just hope it pays off." El

 

 

‘ 66125

I Friday, OctOber 4, 1985

he first time I tried a Buffalo-style chicken wing, l was an unsuspecting

freshman. That is, I did not suspect that chicken wings, which I had former-

ly associated with family barbeques, could be so unlike any recognizable
forrn of food. I managed to get a hot wing about four inches from my face, when
the fumes wafted into my brain and temporarily paralyzed the motion of the
hand with the approaching wing. i had to be tough. There were juniors wat- ‘
ching. l forced thewing closer and burned a hole in my lip. ‘

Many people may have had similar first time wing-eating experiences. The
trick is to keep trying until you’re convinced that you actually like wings. When
ordered with a pitcher of beer, all wings seem delicious. But then again, a glazy-
eyed maniac woofing doWn wings with burned taste buds is not a reliable
culinary expert. . '

That's why the Aspects staff took on the task of going out and having lots of

N wings. We want you to be well informed wing eaters. It wasn’t for the fun of be-

ing assigned to drink a pitcher‘of beer and eat wings with friends that the staff
did this. It was for the sake of public knowledge and cultural awareness.
If you’re one 'of the many reckless, uninformed wing eaters, read this article.

Then wing it.
See Centerfold

 

