'.lOLL" RUITAR

WALKEP BROS

A Smart How-To For Spring Hiking

‘l‘lri' Human Evin-55

So you‘ve had it with four walls. winter’s
gray fatalisrn and Erika on All my Children.
With the robin's premature burblings.
you're ready to hoist a pack. to strive for
the high and the wild, including such clas-
sics as the Cascades in Oregon, the High
Sierras In California, the Olympic Rain
Forest in Washington. the Rocky Mountains
lrom Montana to Colorado. the Grand Te-
tons in Wyoming and the Appalachians
from Georgia to Vermont Well. you'd best

At day‘s end. It's satisfying to look back
on the trail miles you've covered.

4 I sauna l‘ttl‘l - lvrr‘ilk

BY DON ROBERTS

forget it. The best spring hiking is in the
foothills and flatlands close to where you
live.

Neither leremiah iohnson. nor the Dalai
Lama. nor even Sasquatch could be per—
suaded to roam the ridges during the
spring flush. Spring is worthless in the
mountains. Some years winter refuses to
make room; other years lusty winds and
rain turn the highlands into runoff soup.

For spring hikes. accessibility determines
quality. Consequently. the cultivation of
good local hiking trails is a regional pas-
sion Consult local libraries. bookstores
and outdoor columns in statewide news-
papers and magazines for smart local guid-
ance. When you're ready to roll. here's how
to get started,

The Prv-Amitli'

When you're keyed up enough to start
packing, think long and hard about the
pounds-to-pleasure ratio when carrying a
fully appointed pack — food, clothing, shel-
ter. bedding — you are in effect carrying a
furnished studio apartment on your back
Thoreau. the most astute of supertramps.
counseled "When I have met an immigrant
tottering under a bundle which contained
his all — looking like an enormous wen
which had grown out of the nape of his
neck — l have pitied him. not because that
was his all. but because he had all that to

SOHE HEX'WM

, u -31.

t - - .-

Hlking can Introduce you to new friends.

carry. if i have got to drag my trap. i will
take care that it be a light one and do not
nip me in a vital part."

Lay out everything that you are consider-
ing for your trek. then ask yourself: Will the
ecstasy warrant the agony of carrying that
extra ration of marshmallows? that vintage
I969 Cabernet Sauvignon? those mono-
grammed palamas? that framed portrait of
mother? Let your back do the answering.

 

Some vistas, some kinds of happy solitude. are only delivered by foot power (right).

(Below) Glance through the fence rails and you'll notice these hikers In the GreatSmokey
Mountains have discovered the pleasures of a rest stop.

Because of the space race and the spin-
off of lightweight. resilient materials, back-
packing has gone from the primordial to
the posh In less than a decade. The bewil-
dering assortment of adlustable metal-
frame packs. flexible but fixed plastic-frame
packs and convertible internal-frame packs
can cause the rookie to consider taking up
bocce ball or water polo Instead. Don't be
Intimidated. Shop around. not only for the
pack itself. but also for a knowledgeable
outdoor store proprietor. insist on trying
the pack with an improvised load. Hike
around the shop. sit down. bend OVer.
climb up and down stairs. if the pack [allows
you, providing freedom, flex and float (a
pack properly suspended from the hip
should feel as if it is floating slightly away
from your back). then you have a fit
smoother than Betty Grable’s nylons.

Eating Out

Most freeze-dried food tastes like saw-
dust and contains little in the way of ani-
mal octane. instead of some fluff in foil,
take along pemmlcan. butter. cheese,
beans. oatmeal and dense-as-a-brick brown
bread. lngother words. stock up on the
same type of high—fat. high-protein grub
that fueled Admiral Peary's crazed assault
on the North Pole, Real food never goes
out of style.

Do not leave anything in rigid contain-
ers: use zip-lock bags for repackaging ev~
erything, even muliigan stew. and plan
meals so that you order from the luxury
menu first. As burger emporiums recede
into the dust. you get less picky. and as
your pack gets lighter your consciousness
climbs higher.

Depth of Field

Backpacking ventures. by their very na-
ture, are unforgettable. images Imprint
deeper into your memory because there
are no civilized distractions. no murderous
machines. no Three's Company reruns fog-
ging up your skull. But those outdoor inter-
ludes committed to film are Indisputably
indelible. Personally. i would rather leave
behind half my provisions and all of my
fresh Hanes than my BOO-millimetre lens.
Fortunately one need not forsake protein
nor hygiene for photography. The prudent
selection of camera equipment will easily
put your "field research“ in clear focus.

Wilderness light is a fickle phenomenon.
requiring both fast and slow film. Koda-
chrome 64 and Kodak Ektachrome 400 films
cover every vagrant light. But outdoor pho-
tographers with tenacity and a certain mad
glint in the eye may prefer the color satura-

tion qualities of Kodachrome 25 film. For
black and white photography there is no
quandary; Kodak Trl-X pan film is the most
facile film that ever went for a dlp in devel-
oping solution.

A small, well designed tripod is a must,
Marginal light and movement are forest
factors which call for a mechanical assist.
Trust only a sturdy expensive model. as It
is a gut-wrenching experience to watch a
cheap drugstore tripod suddenly lurch
earthward and drill your beloved camera
into the landscape.

With the capabilities of contemporary
slngle-lens-reflex cameras. most strobes,
meters. filters, cable releases and the like
become superfluous gadgets. A basic selec-
tion of high-caliber lenses. on the other
hand. provide an indispensable window on
the outdoor world. Though not the last
word. the following set of lenses promise
trail-tested performance: 50 mm f/l.4. a
compact. high-speed. all-purpose lens par-
ticularly useful for scenic and candid shots;
100 mm f/4 macro, a wildly versatile lens
ideal for zeroing in on the cosmos at your
feet. as well as standard nature study and
portraiture; 300 mm f/4, a truly portable
telephoto so fast and crisp that it provides
a range of handheld shooting possibilities
from the lournalistic to the romantic.

inside Trade

“Of the many vows that i took. I have
found the one about travelling on foot to
be the most beneficial." ~ Gandhi

Because it requires less strength than
state of mind. backpacking is as much a re-
ligion as it is a recreation. That does not
mean it is a somber or mystical affair. After
all, backpacking is not really a faith, but a

small fervor. And it is a blessedly physical
as well as mental endeavor which leaves
worldly concerns and clocks and concrete
and digital devices far behind. No stress.
no strain, no interfacing. What better Rx for
psychic paralysis than to get off your tail
and hit the trail?

Doc Bucolic's List of
Backpacking Gear

it is far better that the pilgrim make a
U-turn for the provinces than head Into the
hinterland ill-prepared. Doc Bucolic sug-
gests that you bash a few books. brain-
drain backpacking acquaintances and
browse outdoor stores. But the quickest.
most pleasant way to become an experi-
enced timber rat is to enlist with a back-
packing club. then accompany them on
a Shakedown cruise. in the meantime. Doc
Bucolic preaches the following notions con-
cerning smart hiking hardware.

(continued on page 7)

SOME HHX'WM

NVJJIIZ! lt‘l'lOW

(treat: I Splint] lUHS - 5

 

