Miami '.r marriage oft/re mascots: Just another promotional stunt, like giving away cars, tax advice and open-heart surgery

g-Leagu

e Baseball

Better play, marketing, TV help colleges woo the fans.

he night was balmy, the stadium
full and the Hurricanes of Miami
led the Maine Black Bears 1-0 after
four innings. Suddenly the Miami ground
crew unrolled a white carpet, and a “wed-
ding” broke out in the inﬁeld. Public-ad-
dress announcer Jay Rokeach, in a white
dinner jacket and yarmulke, intoned the

WWW ‘

Fraser with James (left), Davies.- ‘A good product'

vows for Miami's mascot. the bright orange
Miami Maniac, and his fuzzy green bride
before 4.200cheering fans, a national televi-
sion audience and an all-mascot wedding
party that included Hialeah Park's Freddie
the Flamingo and the Humburglar from
McDonald‘s. The newlyweds left on their
honeymoon after the eighth inning, and

20

Maine went on to upset top-ranked Miami,
3-2, after 10. The defeat ended the Hurri-
canes' 24-game winning streak, leading one
fan to comment, "Wedding nights are never
what they‘re cracked up to be."

Such elaborate stunts are hardly com-
monplace, but the fact that they occur
at all suggests that college baseball may
be emerging from a long slump.
In the last decade, beautiful
new ballparks have sprouted up
around the country and attend-
ance has soared; better coach-
ing and longer seasons have
improved the quality of play,
which in turn attracts the atten-
tion of professional scouts. Last
year 73 percent of the players
selected in the major leagues'
June draft came from the college
ranks, compared with 39 percent
in 1971; more than 40 percent of
all current major leaguers played
college baseball. With the enor-
mous success of amateur base-
ball as an exhibition sport at the
Los Angeles Olympics and ﬁve seasons of
national television exposure on ESPN,
sports fans are beginning to notice.

While football and basketball have
long been highly visible, heavily promot-
ed and often lucrative college sports,
baseball has attracted little more attention
than water polo and lacrosse. The weather

obviously causes problems for northern

schools. College baseball also suffered from '

a lack of support staff, spring competition
from tennis and track—and even the
stronghold that professional baseball has on
the American public.

Now more colleges are ﬁelding baseball
teams than ever before, and the traditional
powerhouses, like Southern Cal, Texas and
Arizona State must share the spotlight with
upstarts from Mississippi State, Wichita
State, Miami, Michigan and, of all places,
Maine. With the talent spread across the
country, today‘s stars include Oklahoma’s
ace pitcher Bobby Witt, Michigan short-
stop Barry Larkin and ﬁrst baseman Will
Clark of Mississippi State, all of whom ﬁg-
ure to go early in the 1985 draft. The higher
level of play could lead to revenue-produc-
ing programs at more universities. It might
also tempt major-league clubs to use the
colleges as “farm teams" the way pro foot-
ball and basketball teams long have.

iami head coach Ron Fraser—the
M “Wizard of College Baseball Pro-

motion"——isn’t surprised. “It's
just a question of marketing the prod-
uct," he says. Fraser, 48, took over at Miami
in 1963. “They had nothing,“ he remem-
bers, and he knew they needed three things:
lights, scholarships and spectators. Fraser
started with spectators. “Kids want to play
in front of people,“ reasons Fraser, a native
New Jerseyan who coached the Dutch Na-
tional Team to three European champion-
ships. 50. in true Charlie Finley fashion, he
painted the bases green, white and orange.
Then he started using bat girls, “hoping that
dirty old men would come to the games."

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MAY 19115

One season Fraser equipped his Hur-
ricanes with Kelly green gloves. He
ﬁnally started charging admission
and branched out into promotions
that included giveaways after every
inning: cars, money, diamonds, in-
come-tax advice, mystery vacations,
even open-heart surgery.

Nothing is too wacky if it gets peo-
ple into the ballpark. Take the Mani-
ac‘s wedding. "You could jet around
the country. and you'll never see
4,000 people at a college baseball
game on a Sunday night," says Fraser
of the Miami-Maine contest. “You
couldn’t draw ﬂies on a Sunday night.
Those people were out there to see a
ballgame. But they were also out
there to see the Maniac get married."

Miami got lights in 1973, scholar-
ships in 1974. That was the year that
the Hurricanes made their ﬁrst trip to
the College World Series. But the real
coup for Fraser—and college base-
ball—came in 1979 when he went to
ESPN, the sports TV network, with
the idea for an “East-West Classic."

The series would pit the Hurricanes
against the Trojans of Southern Cal, a
college baseball dynasty whose graduates
include Fred Lynn, Dave Kingman'and
Tom Seaver, to name a few. “I told them
that college baseball is a good product, and
they should cover it," Fraser shrugs, as if
intoning the obvious. He also mentioned
that the series would be played in February,
when folks were sick of football and cold
weather and would be longing for palm
trees and sunshine and baseball.

In 1979, the year before college base-
ball‘s debut on ESPN, total attendance was
5.8 million. By 1983 it had skyrocketed
to a record 12.8 million; in 1984, despite

-.
Michigan .

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY l‘lllﬁ

Clark m the Olympics: New power

an especially rainy season, 10 million fans
turned out. This year, ESPN expanded its
coverage to include 15 Sunday-night tel-
ecasts in addition to the College World
Series, which will be played in Omaha
during the ﬁrst week of June. “There’s no
substitute for exposure," says Southern
Cal‘s 70-year-old head coach, Rod De-
deaux, the closest thing college baseball
has to a grand old man and the skipper of
the US. Olympic team. “Fred Lynn was
just as exciting at USC, but nobody knew
he was playing." Miami pitcher Dan Da-
vies couldn’t agree more. “Television ex-

posure is a big thing," explains the
Michigan native about his decision
to play ball for the Hurricanes.
“You‘ve got to market yourself."
None of this has gone unnoticed
by major-league executives. "Many
clubs are already concentrating
more heavily on college players,"
says Bob Wirz of the commissioner‘s
ofﬁce. “There are more good pro-
grams, coaches are doing more
teaching and the teams are playing
more games." Miami‘s star right
ﬁelder Calvin James has no regrets
about his decision to play for the
Hurricanes rather than in the farm
system of the Cincinnati Reds, who
drafted him out of high school.
“College offers so many more ex-
periences," says James, a senior ma-
5 joring in international ﬁnance and
marketing. “You get a chance to ma-
ture and grow and learn the game.“

oaches and athletic directors
‘ are learning the marketing

game. Maine’s ticket sales
havesoared from $4,000to $57,000in
the TV era, despite the fact that the
Black Bears play the ﬁrst 30 games of every
season in sunnier climes. To ﬁll its 80,000-
seat stadium, Texas, which ranked ﬁfth in
attendance last year, works hard to bring in
national powers like Arizona State and
Oklahoma. Later this year college ofﬁcials
are planning to talk with ESPN about a
College All-Star game. So far, the majority
of colleges still operate in the red, but Fraser
insists that baseball programs, well operat-
ed, can become proﬁtable. The $550,000
that Miami‘s program pulled in this year
says he‘s right.

0

ADAM J. STOLTMAN—Dtl

MARY BRUNO in Miami

 

Mg

Larlu'n: A farm system like pro football is and basketball is?

21

 

