 

 

The Tradition
_. Continues...
Colonial Quad Board Presents...

 

 

VGenerals' Doug Flutle: Will anyone draft him this year?

9
Q U A D S 'l‘ O C K 8 .5 TheNFLdraft 
0 V . . .. ‘
 K I V E T S K P .. trifzzriitztszv‘ait'.:‘i..*:;;:;'::

27th vs, the pass. 5th vs. the rush. 25th so a speedy wide receiver should be first.
overall. One reason why they can't stop IfVance Johnson or Buster Rhymes is left.
“LONG    BEND" anyone through the air is that they lack a either will be taken with Johnson being

pure cornerback ‘ they've had a safety first on the list. The offensive line is
playing either corner for the past ten averaging 31 years old. so depth should

‘05   years. Last year. safety Dennis Smith had be added.
N

to do it. lfa cornerback is picked first. and
 3rd steps right in. Smith can go where he Seattle Seahawks.
belongs - back to safety. making the Curt Warner's knee is said to be doing
secondary muclt better. fine. but insurance would be nice. Picking
7 .  ‘ 2 am late in the second round doesn'thelp. but
' 1 Miami Dolphins the need of a flashy linelllaackir (word? be
'1‘ 1e Dolphins will iavea tou h choice if ossible. Throw the Mt -ran e rusting
   tailback Greg Allen of FloridagState and Statistic out the window - things will be
linebacker lack Del Rio aredon the board different with Warner back. A punter
w ten Miami chooses. The efensive line should be icked late (NFL‘s worst in ‘84).
$2 W/tax Card had only 42 sacks but a rash of injuries p
$4 W/O tax card had a big hand in that. However. there‘s Washington Redskins
n: excuse forlthe run defensfe to be rank- The ‘Skins solved a majorbproblem yivith
* * .k e ZZn . De Rio is cut mm a lack the ac uisition of R0 ers. ut secon ar
*    Lambert-type of mold and would help. help isqstill a strong ieed. as they wet:
7 but Shula can't pass on Allen. A ranked 25th vs. the pass. They need a
, ; . . I, A __l A linebacker will be next. quality safety and if Stanberry or Clark is
 - ‘I JJJJLSJ‘; somehow left. they'll take him. Joe
\\ \Hm \\\ San Francisco 49‘ers Theismann will turn 36 the day after the
Wu 1 \, (mt ,\ N Hm) There are no drastic problems season opens and next year's number one
It W I, ‘ anywhere. but a few positions need help. pick will be a quarterback. but don't be
,- , . At wide receiver. Freddie Solomon is surprised if they take Doug Flutie in a
, j? . . I slowing down and Dwight Clark is slower later round. [J J

 

 

A Superchmged Yea:

 

It’s Your Student Association...
Now Is Your Chance To Get Involved!

Applications are being accepted for SA.
Executive Positions for the 1985-86 Academic year

Controller

  avngaEbllgaittitOffisehSa.\:l8ffrfce
Programming Director (CC may theAfrorlltzglesk
Minority Affairs Coordinator   p“ '
Legal Services Office Manager

(30 hrs.lweek over the summer)

APPLICATIONS DUE THURS., MAY   _ g '_ - 
2 BY 5 PM ‘-   I
Get your applications in! '  'r ‘- r -

S.A. is an equal opportunity. affirmative action employer. Applications front women and

minorities are especially welcome. SA Funded

 

