 

12 Aspects on Tuesday

 

itness is a movie not to be missed. it

W is superbly acted, incredibly

photographed. and a thought pro~

voking experience. People today go to see

a movie because a Coppola or a Spielberg

directed it. This is_a Peter Weir film, and he

should, no will, be right up there with the
"name" directors.

 

Ian Spelling

 

There are several stories weaving
through l/Vifnc‘s's‘, and each receives plenty
of attention. A young Amish boy visiting
Philadelphia for the first time Witnesses the
murder of an undercover narcotics cop.
Enter lohn Book (Harrison Ford) as the
detective on the case. When Book
discovers too much, he seeks refuge with
the boy's recently \vidoncd mother in the

ageless Amish town of Lancaster.
Pei‘rnsylvania. ,
Director Weir spends much time

developing a triangle of relationships bet-
ween the boy, the detective, and the
mother. As the characters interact more
closely, screenwriters Earl Wallace and
William Kelley throw in more emotional
obstacles. Some of these twists are quite
humorous, as modern day Ford attempts to
blend seamlessly into a foreign society.
Weir is a director with a knack for mak-
ing something visually stimulating out of
the most'mundane of situations. Anyone
who saw his previous picture, The Year of
Living Dangerously. knows this. in
l'l’itness Weir manages to turn the cliche of
a man watching a woman cleanse herself
from an oddly erotic sequence into one
whichproves crucial to the conclusion.
To fully understand the manner in
which a talented director can take advan-

STRANCER ,THAN PARADISE _-lv .

Written and directed by Iim Iarmus'ch

Starring Eszter Ballot. Richard Edson.
lohn .Lurie

Spectrum (Delaware Ave); 7:l5, 9:15.
449-8995

Stranger Than Paradise was the 1934

winner of the Camera cl'Or award at

Cannes and for good- reason. Jarmusch
.. . , -1 , . .

1 im larmusch's independent feature

 

tage of film as an art form, Weir serves up
the run of the mill "kid fingers the suspect"
scene. "Seen it before." you say? Maybe.
but this is a Peter Weir film. The
photograph of the suspect isn’t in a 'mug
book. the boy doesn't scream his head off.
Ford doesn't jump up and down like an
idiot. Here. the boy sees the man, reacts in
a quietly flabbergasted manner, and looks
to an occupied Ford who eventually cat-
ches his glance. All of the action is shot
slowly, but not in slow motion per se.
Harrison Ford demonstrates he is a star‘
to he reckoned with. He is intelligent. per-
sistant, funny, and touching. Nary a trace
of lndiana Jones or Han Solo is to be found.
He portrays the befuddled Philly cop sym-
pathetically, and truly earns the sympathy
he receives. The only tid hit of Ford’s
screen past arrives in the torrn of humor, as
his sardonic wit and cheezy smile recall the

~ common elements of his roguish homes.

I Kelly McGillis plays Ford's protectdrg'l
:and would-be paramour to the hilt. Site I
possesses a.shy laugh and subtle deliver-y. .‘

which allows her to shine in even the most

_ :awkward of moments. As her son Samd‘el.

Lukas Haas ranks right up there with the

_best of the child performers. He acts better

than many actors whbhave been at it long
before hejwas a thoughhin his parent’s

. minds.. .1  . c

There are many wonderful moments in
' this marvelous til‘hi, as Well as other s‘uperb

performances. Butthis is Wéir's and Ford's;r
film. A ivise'man‘in’tlie pictur‘e s‘aid.“'.”what~

.you take into your hand, you take into
your heart.” in the case of Witness. the
.paraphrasing—reads.,“What you take in.
‘you take into your heart." Witness is a rare

_.treat, don't miss it. » i_.

Paradise on" a   "

combined great characters. minim. in plot.
deadpan humor, sensitivity, and' ngenius
ways to‘take advantage of a ton l‘...iget to
make this very witty film

Tom Kaeandes

One example of this ingenuity was his
decision to shoot on grainy black and
white stock which makes lighting easier
and saves money while visually reinforcing

 

This Space Available

A film tov‘be’ Witnessed

 

 

_ Faun... moss ' 

 

 

the spare dialogue. larmusch also plunges
the screen into black at the end of every
shot which simplifies editing of the sound
track, but is also used to define the rhythm
and pacing of~the' film. The shot below
frames Eva (Eszter Balint) showing her
visitors-Willie and Eddie (John Lurie and
Schenectady's own-Richard Edson) looking
out over beautiful: Lake Erie in winter,
which, although it may not look funny, is a
hilarious scene} The lakefront is typical of-4

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

the film’s dingy locations"

Cleveland, and Florida which are part of its .
. . . .. U'J" -

wry humor;

The story tells-how Willievand'Etliflie.‘
two young” New Yark deadbéats, became
animated almost against ttre‘itl'will‘by the
arrivaln of Willie’s‘ cousin ‘Eva , from

«Budapest. Eva quickly adapts to life in the

USA ala' Willie.- but cannot ledr‘n‘to share
l1is~mindleSs enthusiasm forn'An existence
centered around petty gambling. Chilled
by the boredom of poverty .in New York
and Willie's occasional territorial hostility.
Eva ‘leaves for the ‘promised land of
Cleveland. Ohio. When Willie and Eddiei
go to visit her a year later, the story really
begins to move. ‘

I While trying to figure out exactly why l
enjoyed this film so much. a rush of things.

“well done came to‘mind: acting-dialogue.

witty use of student-film production
values. etc.,... . However. the biggest
reason Stranger-“Than ’aradis‘t‘ ' .is a
superlative work is thatllarmusch's genius
for understatement allows the audience to
enjoy 'the'thor‘h'ughly likeable characters

. 1,

This bare‘bones approach to cinematic
storytelling ostensibly allows no thematic
manipulation of the characters to interfere
with our enjoying their story. larinuscli
seems to enjoy watching his characters as
much as we do. By declining to use them to
make a statement. the characters entertain
us directly. larmusch's disarmingiv laid.
back attitude toward narrative along with
his success in using low-budget production
values to his advantage,combine to make
this film a winner. Stranger Than ‘I’.ir.ulise
is easily the best independent feature in
over a year. Take advantage of the Spec~
trum's student discount ($2.75 with i0) and
see It for yourself. Since it has already been
playing for some time, calfahead to make

m sure that‘you haven't missed it.

' withoutvhaving to agree or disagree with .‘
. his handling of them.“ '

 

 

 

February .512, 1985 I

 "ZviralﬁﬂsiaﬁéiAﬁﬁiﬁfﬁrﬁﬁknjﬁl’ﬁwi inn: "‘;1‘ 9 ~. ~ >. t 

 

 

nine o'clock and curfew was on. We

sat by our windows and watched the r

inactivity. There was the old woman at her
window on the second floor across the
street right above the abandoned room
where the '* drape blows in the breeze
through the shattered window. And there
was old Bailey, the man home from the
war, a retired soldier. He always sits at his
window with his gun on his lap, and
whenever i wave across the way, he waves
back with that thing in his palm. The little
boy i sometimes talk to in the park leaned
his face on his fists with his elbows pro-
pped on the windowsill. l saw him smile at
me when he saw me look at him, but then
his mother came up from behind, stood
above him, and moved her mouth. She led
my little friend away. ' '

 

1' .Daniel Barth  ‘ I.
l . Lights flashed on and off throughout the '

 

night after curfew, Each lightlit a window;

l' , its absence left a rectangular'black'holef‘

When the light was on in a room the whole
neighborhood could see inside and nothing"

- was a-secret. Nothing ever hap ned-with ,
. theili ts"on'. lfith‘eyfv‘vere'of , éVeryone' I

'W¢nde'red Tif bad ; business was the 'reasOn:

Otherwise it was’sex or the toilet. which .

was located in the far corner of each room.
The last time someone put'drapes on his
window, the place was ransacked that
same night and the man taken away.

'Everyone remembers the lesson learned

then. We just. look at the ragged drape sw-
inging from the first floor.
*Wetl. the street got quiet. Some of us

watched each other or the street. Others '

listened to the radio with their backs turn-
ed. Others slept or did whatever one does
without the lights. it was late, late enough

to justify darkness. especially whenthe're “

was little to.stay awake for. and besides,‘
there was work in the morning. Tomor-
row’s just another day. . . ‘

“The: eleven d’clock lights-out patrol

scruised dowh the .strwt- shutting the

streetlamps. and our lights flicked off in a
hushed frenzy. Eyes blinked from black
windows, shadows shifted softly. A dog
sniffed through a torn garbage can; A cat

' hid beneath my car. But no one Was out-

side, and'no~ one wanted to dare.

I watched the night. it seemed so silent.
too dark. I felt that it wasn't dark‘be‘cause
the lights were off. it was dark as if there
were no lights at all. That thought sadden-
ed me. And in.the blackness a shadow ’
moved even darker along the street. It
crept up in large. light steps, almost on tip-

“ “toe, turned its head and continued. I tried

to examine him further. but lionly fogged
the Window with my breath. A short hat

slatl'on his long head 'and a coat hung'to' his .. -
I ankles". he stopped full in the center of the

 

street in front of my window, swung
around to ensure his solitude, and pulled
something from his pocket.

The old woman acrossthe street was still.
awake because she quickly flashed her
light on and then off. i saw figures press to
the windows, and l knew the woman's
signal had been received by most of the
neighbors. We all watched the extruder.

So he pulled a can or something out of
his pocket and began to dance in a quick
circle. Then l realized that he was spraying
paint. a big white circle of it, on the black
asphalt of the street. He awkwardly added
two simple dots and a line, and it was a
face. it looked like this

@

and it stared ambiguously at everyone who
strained to see it”

)tit 5;!

The man stood on top oftt then. looking
. down on his creatio with ‘a hand rubbing
“this chinJThis'l vagu ly saw in the dark. He
‘ stoodthere and'then he jumped as if from
frightand hid between two parked cars. l
suppose’he imagined that someone ratted
on - him, from a window and called the
‘ patrol. but We were much too curious to
turn him in. He realized that he was safe
and he returned to the center of the street

 

to complete his graffiti. He bent over the‘

'words he wrote around the circle, they
‘ looked like words. When he was finished
he stole .away quickly.‘ looking up and
down the street with the spray can pushed
' into'his pocket and his hat pulled to his

e es.
yAll of the eyes continued to watch from
the windows. People bent forward to read
the writing on the asphalt around the
smile. i myself have perfect vision and l
. couldn‘t read it in the darkness. but I con-
tinued to try and read it. it just looked like
a furry ball of white, a face with fuzz on his
crown-and chin. The more ‘l’looked the

 

‘ foggier it 'got, so I stopped. turned away. .

l ‘ '  - ’ v V’ :nPfoethrodghffhe-dai;
 

T he street got quiet. That meant it was _

 

 

 

 

 

. . . 't
“lAspecta on Tuesday 13

 

 

and listened to my radio for distraction.

i wasn't tired and I wouldn't go to sleep
even though I had to go to work at half an
hour past dawn. i listened to the newsman
and fidgeted with an elastic band till it
snapped broken in my hand. i looked back
behind me through the window which
framed for me a view of the three win-
dows across the street. No activity inside. i
stepped to the window again. no activity.
l'm'sure one or two of my neighbors were

awake. some just never slept at all, but

now it seemed like another moonless
night, except for the face. l stared back at it
too.

.This just won't do. i thought as I put on
my shoes and climbed out of the door to
my room. "I must take a look and see what
it says," i whispered to subdue the click of
my heels on the long hallway of floor. The
door to the stairway creaked violently and

    

 

l stiffened and pressed my lips. l shouldn't

out of room past curfew. I warned
myself again but i stepped down the first
flight anyway. At the foot of the steps
marked the location of the last graffiti i had
seen in a long time. Actually. I hadn't seen
it quite. but I saw the patrol painting it over

and i heard aboutit from a co-Worker who '

lives below me. it wasn't much but l'm sure
someone was arrested for it.

I ducked around the railing and sank
down to the basement floor and out the
stairway door into a dark grey corridor.
The light flickered when i passed the old
milk machine.- all the locked metal doors
seemed so much scarier at night doWn
here. i walked toward the service door at
the end of the corridor. lt faced directly on-
to the street in front of the half-smiling face
of paint. It was probably locked inside and
out, but i just wanted a closer look.

"Jesus. it's you. Tum." i heard from my
side and l nearly died of fright. A face and
then the body of a friend of mine emerged
from the dark alcove to the incinerator
room ' ~

 

 

“i thought you were the patrol, or
something." he said, sucking in a breath of
relief.

"i suppose you saw it too?"

"i did, Tom, and i think I know the guy
that did it too. Yeah, he works with us
downstairs. He probably got the paint
from the storage room there, but i haven't
the faintest idea where he got the guts.
You can put bets down that he won't be at
work tomorrow. He knows as well as
anyone that they'll be after him by noon at
the latest, right after they find the graffiti
and question the neighbors. it doesn't mat-
ter what the thing says out there."

“You mean you can’t read it either?"

“in this dark?" I swear it gets darker and
darker each night, and l'm not imagining it
either. You can’t even’ see it from this
window."

1 walked carefully to the windowpane of
the service door and peeked out of its cor.
ner. I expected a patrolman's eyes to glare
right back at ‘mine from the other side but i
barely saw anything. The sidewalk was
grey black;‘the building across the street
was grey black. and the street between
them was the' most completely grey black
except for the grey black. red black. and I
green black cats on the far side. and the
thite foggy‘smucge in the center. i step-
ped back to my friend and considered
things for a moment.

"Look." he said. "let's get back to our
rooms and get some sleep. We've got work
to get to in the morning."

"O.K."

We walked‘ba’ck along the corridor. I
listened to his swishing slippers. i imagine
he listened to my clicking heels. We passed
the old elevator shaft and reached the stair‘
way. I left him climbing to the fourth floor
when l stepped out at two. My door click-
ed shut, I went to sleep. I g _ _ ‘

it's a big blue dawn when I step out of bed
and a bird whistles from my window sill. I
walk to the window. the silly bird flies. i
look down. Painted in bright white is the
hesitant half~smile of the face my unknown
co-worker created last night. I wipe my
eyes and go to the bathroom down the
hall. I take a shower: Dripping from my
towel. I draw in the steam on the mirror

HAVE

A an DAY

I look at the replica. smile a half-smile. and
wipe the mirror clear. Silly.

At work, my coworker places the paint
can in the patrolman's big hand, who leads
him through the crowd.

"What'd he do?" someone whispers to

» me.

"Graffiti."

 

ﬁ.‘

0 M.

' ‘ Tititoeinl.

my hair off my face.

down the hall.

 

,..

down I long corridor; shadows following
, me with every silent step. I
l gently push the.door open. the wind-blows

Full of 'Ilfc again. I shut the door.
clicking my heels as I walk. in haste

My shadow still follow: me, yet now I don’t mind.
I smile secretly knowing
things that nobody else knows about. . .

Laurie Robin Lewis

 

runner. MUSIC, DANCE

Marcel Marceau. Feb. 23. 8 pan.

Center, Russell Sage College)

Ensemble, Feb. to, 8pm

 

‘ ini—ﬁpeqtmm

Proctor: (346-6204) Bella Lewttzky Dance Company, Feb. IS. 3 pm.
Compagnte Philippe Genty, Puppet theatre for adultst. Feb. l4. 8 pin

Cohocs Music Hall (235-7969) The Grass Harp. Feb. 1347, 20-23

Troy Savings Bank Music Hall (273-0038) Akiyoshi Tobackin Big Band.
Feb. to. Munich Chamber Orchestra. Feb. 19

Capital Rep (402.4534) Quilters, Feb. 2'. - March 3

Union College (3582-7890) Mozart's Cosi Fan Tutte —— opera in concert
form. sung in ltallan, Feb. l5, 7:30 p.m. , '

Albany Institute of Music and Art Handel: Selections from Messiah: Water
Music,- Largo from Serse, Feb. 17, 3 pan. (Feb. 16. 8 pm. at Bush Memorial

SUNYA Performing Arts Center (457-8608) Footworks. Annual faculty
and student dance concert. Feb. l5 and to. 8pm.

RPI Student Union (173-0552) Allen Kovler and the Phantoms present:
Harlem River Baby. Feb. t3, 8:30pm.

New York State Museum (474-5842) Jazz at Noon, FelmH,2t,28 tl:l0pm
Half Moon Cafe (4300319) Afro-American Carrtbearn Dance and Theatre

Ruuel Sage Coilegetl 70-2000) Two for the Show. Dance concert
V choreographed andperforined by. faculty and students. ‘tjeh gr-za. 8pm..

 

 

 

