 

’

«a

 
  

 
 
 
 



OCTOBER 22, I985

 

 

Kim Pettichord made her
Hall of Fame run in the
SUNYACs

See page 23

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

Red Dragons hand
Albany 21 -1 6 loss.

By Marc Berman
CONTRIBUTING comm
Cortland, N. Y.

The dead silence in the Albany State
lockerroom told the story.

If the 4-2 Great Danes are to receive
their first NCAA playoff berth since 1977.
they will have to sweep their remaining
four games. And even that might not be
good enough.

Saturday. the Danes saw their playoff
hopes slip away in the mud_and muck
covering Chuggcr Davis Field. as the Cor-
tland Red Dragons halted Albany State’s
four-game winning streak with a 21-l6
victory.

“We were brought back to earth to-
day." whispered a somber 80 Murphy.

Afterwards. Coach Bob Ford stood in
the middle of the lockerroom. his voice
breaking the silence. “We‘re at a
crossroads right now.” he softly told his
players. "‘We could do one of two things;
we could feel sorry for ourselves, and give
up right n( V. Or we could come back on
Monday and start preparing for Norwich.

“This one hurts me deeply. and I'm sure
it hurts you the same." he continued. “But
don’t think that next Saturday. Norwich is
going to be feeling sorry for you.“

What hurt the Danes the most in Satur-
day‘s game was the wet .weather. which in-
duced Mike Milano to fumble 'seven times
(three of them resulting in turnovers) and
hindering the effectiveness of the wishbone
attack.

“With our kind of offense. because
we're small and rely on quickness. we
always are praying for a dry track." Ford
said. “Last night when we got into Cor-
tland it was raining. so I went with some
coaches to check out the field and it was
like a sponge. At our ﬁeld the drainage is
so good it wouldn’t have mattered."

Despite the slippery surface. the Danes
maintained a l6-l4 lead heading into the
fourth quarter thanks-mainly to the expert
kicking of Scott Reagan. The Hudson
Falls native booted field goals of 40. 47

  

"GAR UPS

Receiver John Donolly looks downllold on a reverse 0 tion play azalnst Brockport.
Tho Danes lost to Cortland on Saturday dropping the r record to 2

and 3t yards; the last one coming with 31
seconds left in the third quarter. giving
Albany a 16-I4 lead. The Danes scored
their only touchdownin the second quarter
on a 13-yard pass to John Donnelly.

Except for two running plays in the first
half, the Danes' defense dominated the
Dragons‘ run-oriented offense. The
Dragons were unable to sustain a lengthy
drive, but still managed a l4-l0 halftime
edge ori the strength of Todd Hobin's
75-yard touchdown run in the opening
period and Howard Horton’s 8I-yard en-
core performance in the second quarter.

Besides those two defensive
breakdowns. the Albany defense would
not budge. But in the fourth quarter. the
Dragons' offense finally capitalized on the
Danes‘ mistake—prone offense.

Milano was intercepted by Bob Viscardi
with IO minutes to play. but the Dragons

failed to attain a ﬁrst down.

The Danes got the ball back. but Milano
hit Viscardi between the numbers again
with 7:49 to play, setting up the Dragons at
the Albany 35. trailing by a pair.

On a second-and-I? play. the Danes‘
secondary was caught in the wrong defen-
sive alignment. enabling wide receiver Paul
Bearup to spurt free near the goal line.
Quarterback Paul Dargle lofted a high
pass. which sailed into Bearup’s arms. for
what turned into the game winner.

Down by live, the Danes had oneemore
opportunity to regain the lead. Milano
connected with Chris Haynor for 13 yards
and Donnelly for another I3 on a crucial
fourth-and-eight. The reception put the
ball at the 20-yard line with two minutes to
play.

Milano kept the ball for a yard on first

21>

Albany playoff
hopes dimmed

By Mike MacAdam
EDITORIAL ascrer
. ‘ Cortland, N. Y.
when the Albany State Great Danes ran
onto muddy Cari 'Chugger' Davis Field in
Cortland on Saturday. it looked like the
only thing that could keep them out of
post-season play was bureaucratic red tape
surrounding a late compliance form sent to
NCAA headquarters.

When they trudged off the ﬁeld
however, the late form was the last thing
on their minds. after a shocking 21-16
defeat to the Red Dragons left Albany with
two losses and shaky footing in the playoff
picture. .

The Danes. handicapped by a sloppy
ﬁeld that slowed them down and a
multitude of penalties, appeared to have
added the fumble as an integral part of
their playbook. There was speculation that
Albany would experience let-down and
overconfidence going into the game. but
Head Coach Bob Ford didn‘t see‘com-
placency as the problem.

“We had a super week of practice." said
Ford. “and we played our buns‘o‘i'f in that
game." . "

The bottom line for Albany is that they
have to win their remaining games against
Norwich. Hofstre. SUNY Buffalo and
Wagner. but that won't be enough if they
don’t get some help from other schools.
The unexpected loss to Cortland takes Con-
trol‘ of Albany’s playoff chances but of
their grasp. ‘ .

“Before this loss, our destiny rested in
our hands,” Ford explained, “but now. as
much as I hate to have to admit it. we need
a lot of help from other people."

The Danes received no help in the na~
tional rankings over the weekend. as only

three of the nation's Top 20 Division III.

schools lost. but Ford is more concerned
about the regional outlook than how the
rest of the nation fared. Because only four
Division 111 schools from New York. New
Jersey. and New England are selected for

21>

Chiodo leads netwomen to third in SUN YA Cs

rodeW
. . .. l , t
r x f" ""3 ‘1‘ ' [vrv'l 'Y'I .

r V .~ i

 

S Di FF WK 1 TE R

Binghamton.

 

 

Second single; player Natallo Goldberg.

 

TVOAI UPS

By Ethan Chazin

This weekend’s women's tennis SUNYAC cham-
pionships reaffirmed that Binghamton. Cortland
and Albany are the three best SUNY women's ten-
nis teams. in that order.

The Danes were unable to finish better than
third. as Binghnmton once again captured first
place scoring 21 points and Cortland ended up sc-
cond with 18 points. The Dane netwomen came up
short ﬁnishing with a total of I6 points.

The tournament's number one ranked player
from Cortland was knocked off in the semi-finals
by Albany's Geri Chiodo. Chiodo. ranked third in
the tournament. reached the semi-ﬁnals by destroy-
ing an Oswcgo player in the quarter-finals. 6-3. 6‘2.

Chiodo played the semi-final match ﬂawlessly.
She hammered away from the baseline. varying her
shots throughout the match. hitting effective slice
and top spin shots.

In the finals. Chiodo was beaten 6~0. 6-3 by the
number two tournament seed, Bonnie Loedel of

Chiodo and Karen Levy went to the doubles
finals, after beating Potsdam 6-1.6-3 in the semi-
finals. In the finals. the Dane duo lost to the
number two ranked doubles team of Locdel and

The Binghamton tandom dominated the first set.

making all of their shots. while the Dane team made

a lot of uncharacteristic mistakes. The result was a
quick openning set.

But in the second set. Chiodo and Levy turned
things around. playing much more steadily. Loedel
and Benado began making mistakes that Chiodo
and Levy had made in the first set.

In a tense final set. Chiodo and Levy reverted to
their first set ways. forcing too many low percen-
tage shots. They dropped the third set quickly.

The doubles team of Chiodo and Levy has been
an asset to the Danes this year. And on Friday and
Saturday. this team continued to play well. “Karen
has been just fantastic in our last few doubles mat~
ches." said Chiodo. “She’s been making some
great shots for Albany."

Albany's fourth singles player. Liz Feinberg. won
the finals of her ﬂight. making her the only Done
besides Chiodo to get past the quarter finals.

The SUNYACs are won by overall point ac-
cumulation. making it a team oriented tournament.

And it was evident late Saturday. as the last mat-

Stephanic Benado of Blnghamton. 6-1. 26. 6-2.

ches of the day were finished. that the Danes don’t
have the kind of depth that they need to beat
Blnghamton or even Cortland.

But the Danc’s performance this season has been

21>

   

 

w. .. .,....... .. ,.

 

October 25, 1985

NUMBER 33

 

Anti-S. Attica labor driveunderwa

By Laureen Moore

New York Public Interest Research
Group (NYPIRG) chapters across the state
are participating in a pledge drive asking
students to promise “not to take a job with
companies that are directly or indirectly
associated with the apartheid system in
South Africa,” according to Rob Gullo. ,
NYPIRG Disarmament Project Leader.

In a press conference Tuesday. Gullo
said that there are 18 schools that are in-
volved in this that have NYPIRG
organizations on them. These include
SUNY schools and private schools.‘ in-
cluding Syracuse University.” There is
over $14 billion invested in South Africa
from the United States and over $7 billion
comes from investments in corporations
that are doing work in South Africa. he
added.

The drive to get students to sign the
pledge began last week. said Gullo. and
names will be used to show how many sup
port the pledge.

Major companies invested in South
Africa include Mobil Corp., Xerox. Tex-
aco, Coca-Cola. Johnson & Johnson. Exx-
on. GB. and Dow Chemical Co.

Half of these investments in .South
Africa from the United States mot New
York hmdqumercd companies. “New
York students will make up many of the .
ﬁxture unployces of these  and,
thatlrawhy them Where in
York state." Guﬂonid;  ’  ’

According to Gullo. NYPIRG hopes to
accomplish two goals withu'thc pledge: to
make the public aware of students' feelings
about apartheid and companies investing
in South Africa. and to make the co -
panics aware of these feelings. '

“Refusing to take a job with these com-
panies is the single most important

measure that a student can takcto stop the
apartheid system. and it's not going to
stop here. ” Gullo said. NYPIRG hopes to
see more colleges in New York state take

part. he added. “We're going to be. scn~
ding information to collegesthat‘don’t
h‘av'e Ngﬂkg organizations on; them;
«are; '~ 

7ng W'to‘rhave  may:
ed.” he said. '

“Here at SUNY many students and the
NYPlRG chapter had taken . . . a pledge
of racial equality of South Africa.
Students on this campus will be asked to
solemnly promise to refrain from seeking
or accepting employment upon graduation
from any U.S.‘corporation that is‘doing
business in South Africa“ said "Paco
Duane. Minority Affairs Coordinator for
Student Association (SA).

SA supports NYPlRG and will

  

Rob Gullo addresses the pros: conference Tuesday.
“Moist important measure a student can take to stop apartheid.

.  "inhumane mum otttief

1

MARK Willi.“ UPS

cooperate to help NYPIRG’s continued
success. said Duartc. 4‘ y

“We cannot allow students to be told
tharwa‘ are ineffective. and that we played
 role ln‘ISUNY's divestmentﬁ’, said
Duartc. It is evident that students did play
a maior role in SUNY'r divestment deci-
sions, he said. adding that stucknts may
not have been the only factor which af-
fected the SUNY Board’s decision. “but
the truth of the matter is that we did play a
major role.”

Dunn: said that “at the time of the
SUNY divestment. strong criticism fell on
students and upon those who pledged to
end the economic ties our nation has with
the immoral minority government of

4»

SA sues for grouper law injunction

sion of the law until resolution of the suit.

The law is being challenged. said SA at-
torney Mark Mishler. on several
arguments based on the principle of equal

By Allcta Clmbora

NEWS EDITOR

Charging that Albany's Grouper Law is
unconstitutional. Student Association

President Steve Gawley. along with the 16
students and one landlord. will file for a
temporary restraining order against the cl~
ty Friday.

It‘ the restraining order is granted. said
Gawley. the law. which states that no more
than three unrelated people may live on the
same rental unit. becomes “null and void"
pending a hearing for a preliminary in-
:unction. which would extend the suspen-

 

 

 

 

Mark Mlahlor
Equal protection under the law.

protection under the law. This means that
different groups. in the same situation
should be treated the same and any
destinctions made must be legal.

One distinction made in the Grouper
Law. according to Mishler. is in regard to
age. since the law says that no more than
three unrelated. people over the age of 18
may live together.

A second distinction is based on rela-
tion. “There is no rational basis why
unrelated people may not live together.‘
said Mishler.

The third distinction is the violation of
the due process rights of landlords. in that
the law restricts how landlords may use
their property. sold Mishlen '

An important factor in the case, both
Mishler and Gawley agreed. is whether the
city has the power to enact such a law.

We feel it's a basic constitutional ques-
tion of whether a city ordinance can define
the word “family”. said Oawley. “The
deﬁnition of a family is not something a cl‘
ty is allowed to do."snld Mishlor. “Cities
are the creations of the state and can only
do what the state allows them to do." he
sold. adding “this kind of enactment Is
beyond the powers a city can have."

In order to get a temporary restraining

order. according to Mishler. four things
must be shown: that the case is likely to be
successful. that irrepairable injury will be
inﬂicted if it is not granted. that there is a
balance of equity on both sides. and that a
restraining order is the proper thing to do
while the case is pending.

“We feel it‘s a good suit." said Gawley.
“There's no guarantee we'll get an injunc~
tion. but I think we have a good chance.”
he said.

As an example of irrepairable injury.
Gawley cited an affadavit given by a
former Director of Off-Campus Housing
Karleen Knrlson which stated that students
could be harmed irrepairably in terms
ofgrades if forced to move out of their
apartments.

“The ordinance is being used as a tool to
keep students in litre." said Crowley. “It's
unrealistic in what it's trying to achieve.
It‘s not going to transform students into
good neighbors." he asserted.

Gawley said the suit would be filed even
if a temporary restraining order is not
granted. “The suit is an anti-ordinance ac-
tion —— not an anti~city or anti-Whaler] ac—
tion." he said. adding that students will
still be encouraged to be good neighbors.

“We have a reasonable shot but there's
no guarantee." said Oawley. “Restraining
order and preliminary injunction aside. the
case on its own merit could very well
won.”

Y

 

~ Senate.

 

W

6 percent hike
in dorm rates

By Karen E. Beck
surrome ASSISTANT
The SUNY Central Board of Trustees
voted Wednesday to increase dorm rates
on all of its campuses by six percent and
took the ﬁrst step on the road to self-
sufficient residence halls.
The increase in dorm rates will result
in an estimated $93 increase for each
student living in a SUNY dormitory.
While at present students are facing
room rate increases. SUNY expects the
cost to level off and eventually decrease.
“In 1993 we will begin to see a lower-
ing of dorm rates and we’ll continue to
see a lowering of costs after that as long
as there is no substantial increase in in-
ﬂation rates.” said William Anslow.
Vice Chancellor for Finance and
Business.
In approving self-sufficient dorms.
SUNY will also lose its 56.6 million state
subsidiary for residential halls.
SUNY presently has a state subsidy of
$5.4 million in the 1985/1986 Budget.”
for the operation of Residential Halls.
said ow.
“This is the ﬁrst time the residence
hall budget has been submitted under
the concept of self-sufficiency although
.the concept‘of self-sufficiency- itself has
periodically come before the Board
since 1980." said Executive Vice
Chancellor Jerome B. Komisar in a
memo to the Board members.
Not everyone believes self-sufficiency
is the way to go. however.
“People are abandoning public sup-
port for public education. I don’t see
how SUNY can do the same." said Stu-
dent Association of the State University
(SASU) President Jane McAlevey.
“Allowing dorms to be tested on the
market is wrong." she said. “It defeats
the purpose of subsidized education."
Under the concept of self-sufﬁciency.
it is possible that dorm rates would vary
from campus to campus. This could
force students to choose a university
based upon dormitory costs rather than
the quality or type of education
available, she said.
“Under the plan that we presented to
the Board on Wednesday. the cost on
some campuses won’t increase at all but
will continue to be $1.550. although
there were inflationary costs on that
campus." said Anslow.
“Self-sufﬁciency means all facility
operations and maintenance costs are
funded primarily through dormitory
fees." said University President Vincent
O’Lcary last week.
“Several definitions of the concept do
exist," he added. “based on the ex-
penses to be included and the extent to
which the subsidy will be reduced."
Also at Wednesday's budget meeting
was Steve Gawley. Student Association
president. who protested the lack of stu-
dent input involved in the decision to go
self-sufficient. “We went to the meeting
in order to convince the trustees to
postpone consideration of self~
sufficiency until such time as the
students and other groups could get in-
volved." said Gawley. Other groups
might include United University Pro-
fessors (UUP) and the State Faculty

“We would like to convince SUNY

 

 

Central to adopt a “walls-in"
13>

 

 

 

