 

 

 

 

American Library Association

 

 

 

 

 

 

Solidarity: Yale students picket in support of

.rtri ing university employees

Labor Unions Go to College

heyare, forthe most part. the unseen

women of campus life—the dean‘s

secretary, the scholarship-check
writer, the registrar‘s clerk who knows
whether there's still an empty chair in His-
tory 329. Often unnoticed, unappreciated
and underpaid, they are now being wooed
by deft new suitors, labor unions promising
better pay and beneﬁts for the women who
help colleges run on time. Big Labor is going
tocollege—with plans to teach a few lessons
of its own. "The universities are fertile
ground for us," says John Geagan, general
organizer of the Service Employees Interna-
tional Union (SEIU). “It may take some
time. but we'll succeed.“

For students, the onset of labor activity
on campus can be, for better or worse, strik-
ineg educational. if a union wins an im-
proved salary package from a college, the
bill may have to be paid out ot‘higher tuition
charges. Students may ﬁnd themselves sud-
denly caught up in labor strife, with an up-
close and personal view of real power plays
that may breathe disturbing life into the
lessons of Economics 101. Adept unions
don‘t ignore students. some of whom, eager
toshake thestigma ofapathy, havegrateful-
1y responded to labor‘s appeals to “solidar-
ity.“ Campus agitation may also distract
from the calm of library research or toga
parties. And ifa strike occurs. students end
up choosing sides—it's hard to hide in an
ivory tower surrounded by pickets.

The battle lines are being drawn. Yale
University was riven by a lO-weekstrike last
fall before reaching its first contract with
clerical and technical workers. At Harvard.
six full-time United Auto Workers staffers
are trying to organize the university's 4,000
white-collar workers; the UAW is passing
out buttons that read "We Can‘t Eat l’res-
tige." At Columbia, the university fought

 

 

 

the organizing ofits 1,100 clerical workers
until the National Labor Relations Board
ruled last month that a UAW local had
fairly won the representation election.
The powerhouse American Federation of
State, County and Municipal Employ-
ees (AFSCME) has enrolled chunks of
the massive University of California net-
work. AFSCME already counts more titan
125,000 college workers in its fold and has
now turned to the universities of‘ Michigan
and West Virginia.

nions on campus are not new. The
I I American Association ofUniversi-
ty Professors has chapters on more
than 1,000 campuses and is an ofﬁcial "bar-
gaining agent“ on 50. And some blue-collar
locals have been entrenched in campus
buildings nearly as long as the ivy that
grows outside them. But those are excep-
tional cases: Census Bureau statistics show
that only about 16 percent of campus em-
ployees are union members. What's differ-
ent today is that organizers have moved into
the white-collarjobs that have traditionally
been nonunion, both on and off campus.
This isn't idealism; with smokestack Amer-
ica shrinking. unions must scurry after new
types of workers.

What unions are finding in the clerical
pools are what‘s known in the trade as
“pink-collar ghettos," in general low-sala-
riedjobs usually held by women. “The old
notion that it's OK to make rotten money
because you‘re working in a good atmos-
phere has lost its appeal," says Jackie Ruff
of the SElU. "Nobody wants dead-end
jobs." But the struggle for more money or
job opportunities brings the union up
against universities that aredesperately try-
ing to trim their budgets. as the unpleasant
conflict at Yale proved again.

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH 1035

 

 

At Yale, the Hotel Employees and Res-
taurant Employees International spent four
years and $4 million organizing 2,500 cleri-
cal and technical campus workers. The
union pledged to win higher wages for the
new members and, for a unit that was 82
percent women. to close the gap between
what men andwomen on campusearned.To
do that, the union argued the doctrine of
“comparable worth," according to which
jobs typically held by men—say, mainte-
nance worker—should be paid at the same
rateasjobsofequalusefulness typically held
by women—say, administrative assistant.

ale rejected many of the demands
Yand the union went on strike. The
unionized cafeteria workers hon-
ored the picket lines. thus shutting down the
school‘s dining halls. Yale doled out $72.80
a week in meal money to students, who
inundated local grocers and delis. A few
came out ahead; senior Helen Hayes saved
enough to ﬂy home to Arizona for Christ-
mas. But all werediscomﬁted, especially the
freshmen. Says junior Tony Phelan, “A
freshman‘s entire social structure revolves
around the dining hall, and it wasn‘t there."
Classes were disrupted, too, because some
faculty and students didn't want to cross
picket lines. .
After 10 weeks, the union settled for a bit
more money and concessions that would
begin to close the wage gap between male-
and female-dominated jobs. The Yale pack-
age has emboldened other unions, but ad-
ministrators have learned a different lesson:
you can‘t have a strike if you don‘t have a
union. "The cost of the disruption [at Yale]
is likely to be weighed very heavily here."
says Harvard general counsel Daniel
Steiner. Or, as a Harvard professor once
said, it‘s time to Fight Fiercely.
ARlC PRESS with JERRY BUCKLEY
in New Haven. Conn.. and bureau reports

 

 

 

\ A _4
Vigllfor Columbia workers: A victory

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MARCH 19115

Space lot this message contributed an a public service by Newsweek Inc.

 

 

 

. Go p tod

ut we keep looking. Because we

know there are still good men out
there. Men with strong convictions ~—
and the courage to act on them.

Men who want to feed the hungry.
Console those in despair. Free those
imprisoned for religious beliefs.

If the man we‘ve described sounds
like you, maybe you should become
one ot'us. We’re the Trinitarians. An
800 -year—old order of Catholic priests
and brothers dedicated to tackling

some of the world’s toughest problems.

For more information, call us at
(301) 484-2250, or send for our
free brochure.

 

Father Bill Moorman. Director of Vocations
The Trinimrians

PO. Box 5719' Baltimore, MD 21208

Tell me more about the Trlnltnrlnns.

Nutnc

Addie“

Cu)- __.-—__ State-

ORDEROF THE MOST HDLV TlllNll"
A ROMAN CA" lDLlC COMMUNIIYOI
l‘lllLSlS ANDHROIHHLS

 

 

 

The'Blnttanans ta us,and the
wond will never the same.

 

 

 

