 

 

 

 

 

 

 

man“

“at:  .
Bud \hc
1

Jaukluw with Sibbald (left). Cantrell: Eventually you must get to the bottom litre

The Literary Lions

Once maligned, agents now power the book world.

ortou Janklow thinks of himself
M as a literary agent by accident.

Twelve years ago an author
friend ofhis fell into a contract dispute with
a publisher. That friend, former Nixon
speecliwriter William Saﬁre, talked Jank-
low. then a 43-year-old corporate lawyer,
into representing him. Janklow won the
case so handin that other writers began
asking him to settle their “editorial dis-
agreements," and before long Janklow was
renegotiating contracts for a number of
well-known Washington figures. In an in-
creasing number of cases he found himself
winning six-ﬁgure sums for clients who had
originally signed deals worth only a tenth
that much. After about a year of such dab-
bling, Janklow woke up one day and said to
himself. “Jeez. this is a business."

That may have been the understatetnent
of the decade. If shattering records is any
measure. Mort .laaklow went on to become
one of the most successful literary agents
ever to sit down at a negotiating table:
among other things. he holds the record for
obtaining the highest price ever paid for a
first novel ($1.4 million for Salire‘s “Full
Disclosure"). the highest price ever paid for
a work ofnonliction ($2.5 million for Linda
Goodman‘s “Love Signs") and the highest

22

price ever paid for any book ($3.2 million
for Judith Krantz‘s “Princess Daisy“).

In the past. agents were thought ofas the
literary equivalent ofambulauce chascrs—
unwanted and intrusive middlemen in the
genteel world of publishing. No longer.
These days editors court them, and writers
worry about having the right agent the way
social climbers worry about being at the
right party. The 10 percenters (in some
cases. 15) began to accrue more power in the
19505 and ‘60s as the book industry devel-
oped a harder, more businesslike edge.
Owen Luster. who heads the literary depart-
ment at the giant William Morris Agency,
puts it somewhat more dramatically: “The
book business became more glamorous, and
the money became bigger than it ever had
been." Proﬁtability breeds competition.
and competition breeds numbers: today
there are nearly 300 agencies listed in Liter-
ary Market Place, compared withjust “8
in 1965. Michael Carlisle. a 32-year-old
William Morris agent, is typical of the new
breed. “1 love my work." he says. “I feel I‘m
at the center ofa wheel with many spokes.“

Only a handful of agents routinely deal
with best—selling authors and million-dollar
contracts. For most. the job is a relentless
routine of hard work and long hours. tuttch

 

RaaEwr n

 

of it on the phone, ironing out tiresome
details of contracts or talking to writers
about revisions and deadlines. “Sometimes,
if the author doesn‘t seem like he’s going to
make a deadline, you even ﬁnd yourself
representing the publisher," says Amanda
Urban, an agent with International Cre-
ative Management (ICM). Between phone
calls, most agents spend their time—on the
train, in line at the bank, in bed at night—
rcading manuscripts and combing through
magazines and newspapers in search of
book ideas and promising writers.

Sometimes the phone calls can be about a
writer‘s personal problems. A cliché left
over from the ambulance~chaser days char-
acterizes agents as ready to perform services
above and beyond the call of duty, such as
bailing a client out of a drunk tank or cover-
ing up for an extramarital indiscretion. The
new generation of agents has neither the
time nor the inclination for such matters.
Most are willing to be an adviser, conﬁdant
or confessor, but, says Urban, “I don‘t think
you should be anybody‘s mother, nor have I
ever had a client who demanded it."

ecoming an agent is nearly as ditﬁ~

cult as being one. There‘s no obvi-

ous college major (though many
agents do recommend taking the Radcliffe
Publishing Procedures Course, a six-week
series of seminars with book- and magazine-
publishing professionals held every sum-
mer). The most practical training is on the
job at a publishing company, especially in
the subsidiary-rights department where a
novice learns how to bargain with maga-
zines, foreign publishers and paperback
houses. Starting out at an agency generally
means secretarial work—and an intense
campaign to get noticed. “It's a little like
sitting on a stool at Schwab’s," says Urban.

For all the commitment thejob requires,
few are the young agents who set out to
become one. Michael Carlisle studied inter-
national law, but after practicing in Paris,
he decided it wasn‘t “personally reward-
ing“ enough. Eventually he wound up aban-
doning a promising legal career to sign on as
Owen Laster‘s secretary at William Morris.
“In four months," Carlisle says, “I went
from being a lawyer and having my own
secretary to being a secretary myself for
$185 a week." Anne Sibbald started as a
part-time paralegal in Janklow‘s ofﬁce and
so impressed the boss with her skill and
intelligence that he encouraged her to ﬁnish
her college education. Today she is a vice
president of the Janklow agency.

No one had a more improbable path to
agenthood than Andrew Wylie, who has
run his own one-man shop since 1981. After
leaving Harvard in 1969, Wylie studied in
Europe, then returned to America to write
poetry, drive a cab and start up a small
press. He later operated a bookstore ill
Greenwich Village. stocked principally. liL‘
remembers, with “all my books from col—

NliWSWliliK 0N CAMPUS/NOVEMBER I‘Ni.‘

 

lege.“ Wylie‘s ﬁrst gamble as a literary
agent turned into a ﬁasco. Convinced that
American publishers would snap up a book
by former Iranian President Abolhassan
Bani Sadr, Wylie ﬂew to Paris in 1981 and
arranged a meeting with the exiled politi-
cian shortly after he had escaped from the
Ayatollah Khomeini. When Bani Sadr
agreed to let Wylie represent him. the young
agent thought his career was made. He was
quite wrong. “It was devastating," Wylie
says. “No one would touch a book about
Iran. Icouldn‘t get $1,000 for it."

The experience taught Wylie the impor-
tance ofbuilding a client list systematically.
Rather than going after projects impulsive-
ly, he began to specialize, devoting one
season exclusively to political books, an-
other to ﬁction. Like many neophyte
agents, he recruited clients by ﬁring off
letters to magazine writers whose work he
admired. The effort has paid otT: among
other highly touted young ﬁction writers,
Wylie represents David Leavitt and Freder-
ick Barthelme. And in his current season‘s

'. . ' ~;.:-..
ll’ylie: Learning to do it the hard way

twin focus on art and theater, he has books
in the works by Pulitzer Prize-winning
playwright David Mamet as well as painters
Francesco Clemente and Julian Schnabel.

 

. Morris and ICM. it takes time to build a
‘ reputation. Nothingworks betterthunsign-
‘ ing up a best seller. Though her client list
; Bobbie Ann Mason), Urban says it wasn't

j ketplace. That was the year that "The Part-

 

 

 

Even at the big agencies like William

already included a number of well~known
wrtters(among them, Raymond Carver and

until 1983 that she struck gold in the mar-
ners." a book about corporate law firms by a

young lawyer named James 13. Stewart. hit
the best-seller list. “ ‘Tlie l’artners‘ took live

Turnout) NEWS ISTHAT
GENITAL HERPES cAN NOW
BE coarnoara .

Perhaps as many as 20 million Americans have genital
herpes. And though there is no cure for this lifelong
disease, cﬂ‘ective treatment is finally available. The ﬁrst
step is to talk to your doctor. Together, you can gain control
over herpes. . . and regain control of your life.

This message is brought to you in the interest of public
health by Burroughs Wellcome Co.

Burroughs Wellcome (20,
Research ’ll'iangle Park
William. North Carolina 27709

Cupl' 0 I‘ll” Ilurruuglu WellL‘tmll‘ (it) All rights rearrrrtt K5~'I.()V-20

 

 

years.“ Urban says. “I signed it up in ‘78 and

Nl-IWSWIil-IK 0N CAMI'US/NOVliMlllilt 10115

Brighten a Child’s Room
and an Adult’s Future

World lamous Author/Illustrator
Joan Walsh Anglund has created
a special tour color poster for
Literacy Volunteers 01 America.
a charitable organization that
teaches adults how to read.

This 15 by 21 inch piece of art is
available for a $5.00 donation
(plus $1.00 handling) to Literacy
Volunteers of America. PO. Box
6255. Syracuse. NY. 13217.

All funds will go towards teaching
reading skills to the 26 million
native born adults in the USA who
are lunctionally illiterate.

 

...anda new Vibrld opens'

This tour color original piece 01 art by
JOAN WALSH ANGLUND makes a
perlect gilt tor a young triend

This Ad Appears as a Public Service at this Publicatlon.

 

 

