  

10 Aspects on Theaday

3.. 

So Long, And Thanks For All The Fish
By Douglas Adams ‘
Hannony Books, pp.204', $12.95 hardcover

Don't panic. lust relax, slip a Babel fish in
your ear, and settle back in your easy chair
as Arthur Dent, hapless but hopeful pro-
taganist of Douglas Adam’s popular-'Hit-
chhiker’s Trilogy” explores one of the
strangest planets he’s yet encountered; a
reconstituted Earth.

John Keenan

A quick note; there are certain series of
books (the Tarzan series is a good, non-
literary example) that boast that you can
begin reading "with any book." This series is
not one of them. Trying to read So Long,
And Thanks For All The Fish without first
having read The Hitchhiker’s Guide To The
Galaxy is liable to make you very cross, give
you small headaches, and start you mutter-
ing about "those damn cryptic British
writers" again.

For those of you who are familiar with the

 

\

 

series, however, Fish makes an excellent
epilogue. The absence of Zaphod and
Trillian may offend some purists, but the
story really doesn't need them.

While everybody else on the planet is try-
ing to puzzle out where all the dolphins
disappeared to (the title is the dolphin's final
message to mankind prior to leaving the
Earth), Arthur Dent is just trying to make
heads or tails of where this brand~new world
came from (oldAdams fans will recall that
the Earth was destroyed in the first book of
the trilogy). Adams, meanwhile, has
populated this planet with some of the most
off-beat characters he's yet created, among
them "Wonko the Sane," a man convinced
that the rest of the world is mad, and "Rob

 

 

' Humming

 

 

Oran ”

cerium!» CA3”

- lno‘ Milcnmlror’l cum. :6 m can"
FIEEU BESEHHEHE H

t

 
   

 

 

McKenna, Rain God,” who is followed by
loving clouds who want to "be near him,
cherish him and water him," and who is very
upset because he hasn't had a pleasant vaca-
tion in years.

This "Fourth book in the Hitchhiker’s
Trilogy’” (the embarrassingly cutesy blurb
plastered across the front of the work) is
perhaps Adams’ strongest since the original.
This is due in part to his admittedly brilliant
humor, but for the most part can be at
tributed to the fact that this is the work
where, for the first time, Arthur Dent
becomes a hero rather than a schlepp.

This is one of the book's strongest points.
for in the earlier books, the sole represen-

 

 

 

tative of mankind was a bit too pathetic to.
be a completely sympathetic character. in
Fish, however, although'Dent retains his ner-
dishness, he becomes a threedimensional
character. ' ‘ "
This transformation is aided by the in-
troduction of a love-interest. for the
previorrsly sémi~androgenous Arthur. "This
Arthur Dent." Adams writes, "what is he,
man or mouse? is he interested in nothing
more than tea and the wider interests of life?
Has he no spirit? Has he no passion? Does he
not, to ut it in a nutshell, f-'-k?" (Actually, i
put in t e dashes myself.) “
The transformation of ‘Arthur from
schlepp to hero occupies most of the work,

 

 

woman who basically changes him) manage
to'find time to figure out'just who rebuilt the

Earth. where allthe dolphim disappeared to, '

what God’s final mesage to his creation was,
and how a Dire Straits album is like [Puolor-
nist-‘ire Dragon.-' .' '  . ’ .5 '

Not bad for a man who "doesn’t even‘like
inter-galactic hitchhiklng ‘ ‘

Adams has said that Fish will be his in

"Hitchhiker" book, and if it is, he should be

congratulated on knowing when tostop: ata '

high point. So  The
Fish is one of the most enjoyable science-
fiction and/or humor books that i’ve read all
year.  A _'. .  . .Cl

  

in

- _ I. here and does something, Blithe never stays

  

but in Wen Arthur and"me (the -

 

  

$4.99

 

ALL DAY

 

THURSDAYS
8p m to C LOSING

 

E VE RY MONDAY

A L L   '
 .- CAN
EAT WINGS.

   
 

' Hui & 5ph‘\'
l'u': \\ -:.

  

 

 

.nc ’ not

 

  
navel! onus-ween 

Matt Tunney, a 5‘9" guard for Black Sheep.
scored 33 points in a 69-65 loss to Hard House,
This was a game that also saw former Albany, _
student, Wilson Thomas. hit 27 points for the
 . winners. ‘ = . 
Tormey, a junior out. of Manaroneck. N.Y.. .
is averaging 16, points a gain for Black Sheep. \
For his play. Tormey is the“ Lite Beer-- AMIAf ‘
player of the week 2/4/85 - 2/17/85...

SA Funded

 

f' Mrs. sorrel

 

_. of the century Victorian America, this film

., ve'ntlons other time, and. MelCiibson plays.

 

 

' University Auxiliary l" V
Services. ' i v
presEnt ' ' I .

 

 

' Lucky Numbers N ight

 

 

8pm - closing

  

739 Central Avenuel ‘Mozzare

Albany

 

— V2 Orders of Wings
-Fried Mushrooms
—Fried Zucchini
-Chix Fingers

~Nachos and Many More

1/2lPRICE APPETIZERS - Tuesday Nights

In Our Loun e

lla Stix ,
Colonie

 

 

489-8294

 

459-3733

  

72 Wolf Road

Colonial Quad
Dutch Quad
State Quad
Indian Quad
Alumni Quad

 

Thurs. Ian 31
Wed. Feb. 13
Wed.. Feb. 27
Wed., March 13
Tues.. March 19

 

 

“YT-pg.“

 

   

 

 

The’TmoVingzomb

Hegoesto theTVroom. He‘goesinto the»
video game room andthinks‘something. He- '
seems to be watching the" people’ who put.
their. quarters in. .He leaves, before anyone
ﬁnishes, or in video tel-innit: ‘ killed. He
walks to class and write something. He goes '
seated, and he’s always forgetting What he’s . ’
done, always wishing it would be pleasant
for him to do nothing. That’s what...;sex
would be, for other people. ' 
. Mike Dermansky '

_ Everyone hates him. No ‘one‘ knows or

, remembers him. He eats candy and drinks
coffee like everyone else, but he's a deviant.

Howdol know'him? i made him up. Ha.
That’s how i feel. You.5ee,l’m writing What
‘you're'readlng right now and it is going in
- my folder. Maybe my orange folder. i'm not

I. sure which folder i put thingsvin. i walk
J somewhere else, do 'somélhing'else and keep
; with this chain of events; fearing the gaps of

time. Time.When l must thinkthese things,
, these lonely fruitless, decoloring thoughts.

1 lean back in the university's blackjchair.,
in it, 1‘ think it is‘mine. i look under a Wall
mural that is propped half a foot off the wall
with an opaqueupanel. Someone wrote God
is Entropy on t e underside of this supporter
of the mural  i just read it, along :with the
other graffitti. People, other  myself
have bent their necks back, contorted their

 over the tall cushions of the, universi-
ty chairs to look up, and better yet,lwrite on
thepunderside‘ of a mural. The word "en-
tropy" is familiar, but i  not sure of‘what
it means. i heard it‘in high school chemistry.

 

 

 

Starring Diane‘Keaton. el Gibson,

Matthew'Moa'ine .
Directed by Gillian Armstrong

Atoms colliding orgin motion is how I
remember it. ' ‘

. someone with a dirty gray-blue ski jacket, l I

A a dirty red knap sack and a thick beard look-

ed at me, walked by me, and entered the '

' This Isabel/us Ital/c fest

h 1-.

 
 

Yetta". . .m'u 2» r
' ’  ori'Tue'edoy ll

 

men's room which is inside the wall of the  I

mural behind my-head. He's stillin'there.‘ I’m' ‘
going to keep writing until he leaves. Ah, so- '; *
meone else walked out of the bathroom. Hel' "f
“walked towards me, ‘tumed , and walked L
around the‘corner. He had a thinybel'a'rdxA" ‘

Chinese guy walked into the bathroom. The
[girlstudying across from me has her Paper
Mate pen in her mouth and her eyes off her

notes. The Chinese guy walked out, by me, ,

and down the stairs. i noticed his thin,‘ suede,
narrow black boots. That guy is still in there.

(rod '
i don't remember what he looks like. Across
the hall is an indian girl holding a‘cigarette,

looking at a girl speaking, who is hidden
behind a white square pillar. The man walk-

.ed out. He didn't look at me. :He rubbed his;
running shoes [on the carpert, looked out '

over the railing, whistling as he left, leaving
the same way the guy_with the-thin beard
had, around the comer. As i wrote these last
two sentences‘the girl studying the univer-
sity's ceiling put her coat on, picked up her
books and left. i should leave too.

But as i think about leaving she walks into
the bathroom.

  

punishment, she agrees to help. Her involve-
ment in the'Biddles' escape quickly becomes
an projection of her desire to free herself
from her marital and social restrictions.

Throughout the film. the director (Arm-

Coagulated oatmeal
congeals

on the table

and Grandma watches
‘ and waits .

for me to I “1
eat it. .'
it’s lunchtime '

and this "V

. encrusted slime
revisits from
bad-me
breakfast.

Clots block

__ the still-warm '
" ooze inside.

’ it's not worth it
to eat

. cold clots.

i shrink from

_. Grandma's gaze
and. think of

an analogy.
Bad-me.

  
 
 
  
    
    

 
   
   
   
     
    

Loren Ginsberg

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
 

 

 

 

 

strong) focuses on confinements, and she
works with them-on several levels. As a
wife, Kate is expected to act in accordance
with her husband’s attitudes. so her marriage
places limits on her freedom. When Kate

 

Advertisements for “Mrs. Soffel’"
describe the filmlas a true story. But whether
or not Kate Soffel did actually live in turn

addresses social problems between women
and men that remain relevant today. 'ers.
i Soffel". examines choices, decisions, and
consequences associated with free choice.

John Laba‘te

. Diane Keaton stars as Kate Soffel, a
woman trapped by the hypocrisy and con-

 

 

the death-row inmate, Ed Biddle, who. i

liberates her. -The themes diirector Gillian
Armstrong develops are nothing new -- even
the setting oanictorian double-standard
society is one type of cliche for a film about
female liberation -- but she blends them '
together smoothly and emerges with an in?

film.
As. the film opens, Kate returns to work
after recovering from aniliness that has kept

‘ her in bed for three'months. As wife of the‘ I 

County Warden, she 'works at the prison
handing‘out'blbles. She moves from cell to
cell; as the camera tracks her repetitious
movements, she seems mechanical and has
no feeling for her work. When she offers '
bibles to the new inmates. Ed and Jack Bld-
dle (Matthew Modine), who have been con-
victed of murder, and will soon be hanged,

. Ed rejects it. Soon afterwards he responds to
her company, and the two develop a rela-

telligent, well crafted and very well acted. - - ‘

‘

 

tionship from opposite sides of the ban. Ed
puts the first test to this relationship by ask-
ing Kate to help them escape from, prison.
Swayed by Ed's antl'religlous death'row
arguments and her own oppmltlon to "capital

 

    
  

 

Story

gets close enough to Ed and his brother to
sympathize with them, she writes a letter to
the governor. trying to prevent their hang-
ing. Her husband is furious about this act.
since he feels that it might jeopardize his
position,'and he orders her not to visit the
prison. Her decision is overshadowed by her
husband's concerns. in another scene. Kate’s
wedding ring serves as a reminder of her
confinement, which she eventually
overcomes. '

Preceding their escape, the imagery is
heavy, with iron bars and dark stone walls
all around (boundaries). while the pacing,
especially in the earlier scenes, is deliberate-
ly slow. Such devices enhance the op-
pressive mood and cinematically develop
images of confinement. For the prison
scenes, the camera captures an enclosing
quality by filming the prisoners within their
cells from various angles. And Kate is
similarly trapped by her surroundings. in her
house, she is either surrounded by tasteful
clutter, or the house itself appears to close in
on her. '

If ‘Mrs. Sofie!" is much more than a love
story about Ed and Kate, then that more
comes from a tragic sense inherent to the
film. You come away from it feeling af-
fected by the characters and their choices,
and somewhat intrigued by it all. Kate's ac-
tions affect her family deeply. and perhaps a
braver character Would have sacrificed her
own happiness for the happiness of others.
But the film does not judge her decisions: it
recognizes the costs of liberation (the ending
will surprise you), for both Kate and Ed.

Mel Gibson might also surprise you; he
develops Ed’s character with great depth.
recalling Henry Fonda's performance as the
loner Tom lobe in The Grapes of Wrath.
Gibson seems like a wild, desperate animal
when behind bars: a simple man on the sur-
face with deeply held. almost child-like con-
fusions beneath. A fine performance. Like
the = rest of "Mrs. stiﬂe-I”, Gibson and
Keaton draw the audience into a love story.
and much more.

 

