HOLLYWOOD

IN BERLIN

- 5.. * .
Border tensions are rte-created in Berlin
for well-placed cameras.

ecause Gotcha required location
B shooting in West Berlin. several
members of the cast and crew
found themselves with up-close oppor-
tunities to see East-West relations. Actor
Anthony Edwards. for one, used his days
off to travel into East Berlin and strike
up friendships with two teenage resi-
dents. Both boys were proud East Ger~
mans. 'Edwards says. and though they
were happy to meet a Westerner. they
showed no interest in ever leaving their
country.
But that didn't stop them from riding.

COMING soon

IN OUR NEXT ISSUE

lm delighted to abdicate the role of

Fletch to you.“ telegrannned novelist
Gregory Mcdonald to actor Chevy

‘ Chase. “Pretending to be attractive,

charming. witty and energetic all these
years has been a terrible strain on me."
(Ihevy plays the wisegny investigative
reporter Mcdonald created in his
‘i-lnillion-copy~selling novel Firtc/t. How
does the m. ‘ter of mug-antl-tumble
comedy measure up to the role? Read
our exclusive interview in the next issue
of The Mavir tilagazim’.

The best thing about Robin Williams'
bathtub in Mnxmm 4m llu' Ilmlum was
Maria Alonso. who lloated gracefully as
Williatns' Italian-born girlfriend. Now
'4 'I‘ttt‘. Mt )\’ll‘. MAGAZINE

illegally. in Edwards" retith car, or ac-

cepting the rock 8: roll cassettes Edwards ‘

took them on his second visit. They re-
quested speciﬁc tunes. Judging from
those requests — for Def Leppard and
Iron Maiden, among others — tastes
among 16-year-old boys differ little be-
tween East and West.

Meanwhile. director jeff Kanew was
building his own Berlin Wall several feet
away from the real wall. That was done,
obviously. so ﬁlming could be done on
both sides of the "wall." But Kanew says
there's another reason. The real wall is
covered with years of grafﬁti. and be-
cause he wanted a wall that would sug-
gest “oppression.” he couldn't have one

Students Play
the Murder Game

hether called “Gotcha” (as in the
new ﬁlm of the same name).
“Killer” or “KAOS” (Killing As
Organized Sport). at make-believe mur-
der fad swept college campuses in the
early Eighties. It annoyed college ad-
ministrators. whose security forces kept
flushing toy gun—armed assailants out
of campus shrubbery. but it delighted
the imaginations of Hollywood screen-
writers. ,
Players were drawn into the game with
a newspaper or bulletin board ad. When
enough players had been collected —
sometimes as many as 20 or 30 — each

. an the case. A: an intrepid
reporter in Fletch, he won’t even allow
Kareem AbdulJabbar to steal the ball.

she's in the company of Michael Keaton
as the pair headlines a new comedy
called 'It'mr/t am! ()0.

In the three years since the fatnsz
little guy phoned home. (5.13. The Extra

that was covered by colorful murals.
Kanew’s wall. therefore. was plain ce-
mentgray.

This slight distortion of reality was not
the only Hollywood trick used in Berlin.
According to Kanew, East Berlin didn’t
look anything like his expectations. “I
expected it to be gray, drab and ugly. But
it wasn’t that way at all. As a matter of
fact. the architecture in East Berlin is
nicer and more impressive than in the
West."

Kanew admits that this “slight misrep-
resentation" amounts to perpetuating a
stereotype, but he cheerfully adds, “this
is a movie where reality is of limited
value."-

wrote their personal "dossier" and en-
trusted it to a leader. who directed the
game without playing it. Players were
secretly given another player’s dossier, a
dart gun and three suction-cup darts.
The last player "alive" was the winner.
but prizes were also given for the most
creatively sneaky “kills.”

By some reports. the game originated
in 1978 at the University of Michigan. It
migrated during Spring Break to the
campuses of Florida, eventually spread-
ing west to UCLA and points in between.

Among the legends of the sport are a
Michigan man who dressed as a United
Parcel delivery man to deliver a "lethal"
dart. and a Florida coed who wangled a
date with her unsuspecting victim. lured
him into her apartment and annihilated
him at close range. I

ﬁnesm'al has become a permanent ad-
dition to American" culture. With 5.7:
soon to be re-released.’l‘he Movie Magazine
takes a look at the stubby spaceman's last-
ing nnpact.

Ridley Scott, director of the terrifying
Alien, has turned his imagination to the
remote past. Legend. Scott's newest ﬁlm.
is peopled with ogres and princesses.
unicorns and sorcerers. Tom Cruise.
the rugged star of Risky Barium, heads
the cast.

Steven Spielberg doesn't own summer.
It just seems that way, considering the
zillions of tickets sold to his adventurous
warm weather offerings — like 15.13. Raid—
('r.\ (if the I it Ark. ,Iauu‘ and so on. For
the snpe . cret Hack to the Future. due
this coming summer. (Iaptain Steve pro-
duces while protege and friend Robert
(It‘mumtt'ing the Stone) Zetnet:kis directs. I

 

43:9

 

 

ambleL-e" ,m.

Nowustthe at

; '

 

