‘2' ALBANY srUbEivT mass :1 FRIDA Y, OCTOBER 4, 1985‘ 1

NEWS BRIFS'

The World .
Boy found in rubble

Mexico City
(AP) Miners and soldiers, listening for
rapping noises that signaled life, tunneled
through a collapsed building Wednesday
toward a nine-year-old boy and his grand-
father believed to have survived a massive
earthquake nearly two weeks ago.

Rescue workers said they believed the
boy was alive because they used a
microphone system to call out his name
and he responded with tapping.

They were trapped the morning of
September 19 when an earthquake measur-
ing 8.1 on the Richter scale colapsed the in-
terior of their three-story apartment and
commercial building on Venustiano Car-
ranza Street. A second quake measuring
7.5 hit the city the next day. Together they
dcvasted the heart of the capital. wrecking
hundreds of buildings and killing
thousands of people.

Soviets kidnapped

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP) Kidnappers of four Soviet Embassy
employees killed one of them Wednesday
and said the others will die unless Syrian-
backcd militias halt ~an offensive against
Moslem fundamentalists in the northern
port of Tripoli. ‘

 

An anonyi'nous telephone caller claimed
a second captive had been killed, and
another said Moslem extremists planned to
blow up the embassy.

In Moscow, a' government statement
carried by the Tass news agency carried a
report of the death, demanded the im-
mediate release of the remaining hostages
and blamed Israel indirectly for the abduc-
tion of the four Soviet ofﬁcials.

“Procrastination in this matter, let
alone the violence against the Soviet
citizeris.‘ will further aggravate the guilt of
all those who have anything to do with this
matter. The prime cause of internal
Lebanese strife, of which Soviet citizens
become innocent victims, is israel,
deliberately inciting that strife." the state—
ment said. “it should bear the responsibili-
ty for the consequences of its policy."

 

 

The Notion

.‘I_ .1
a

H.

Rock Hudson dies

Los Angeles
,AP) Rock Hudson. the cinema idol whose
gallant admission of a yearlong battle
against AIDS won sympathy and attention
for victims of the disease. died Wednes-
day. He was 59.

Hudson made his film debut in “Fighter
Squadron" in i948. Other film credits in-
clude "Giant", “Something of Value".
“A Farewell to Arms". “The Last

 

Sunset", “A Gathering of Eagles".

“Pillow Talk”. “Send Me No Flowers”.
and “The Mirror Cracked." His last
feature ﬁlm was “The Ambassador,”
made in 1983. ‘
Hudson turned to television after’ 61
films. He starred for six seasons on NBC's
“McMillan and Wife.” He also appeared
on the TV shows “The Devlin Connec-
tion." and this past season on ABC's

-“Dynasty."

Reactor to restart

Washington
(AP) The Supreme Court on Wednesday
cleared the way fer the immediate restart
of a nuclear reactor at Three Mile Island in
Pennsylvania, site in 1979 of the nation’s
worst commercial nuclearAplant accident.
A plant spokesman said the reactor could
be turned on again by noon Thursday.

The court. by an 8-1 vote, rejected an
emergency request from a citizens’ group
that said it is too risky for operations at the
plant to resume.

Within several hours of the ruling,
Harold Denton. director of the office of

'nuclear reactor regulation at the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission, signed a letter
authorizing the restart.

Final approval must come from Thomas
Muriey, the NRC's regional administrator,
who must be satisfied the plant is ready,
said NRC spokesman John Kopeck.
’Murley was not expected to act until
Thursday. Kopeck said.

 

r_

a
.‘

.‘ar"
}

~‘ .. .s. ‘
.rgrr'in‘iet.’
.‘t‘ﬁt‘ 1

v' P»
I

;

 

 

On the podium Thursday. RZA celebrated Sukkot, the Jewish Feast of Ta
commemorates the desert wandering of the Jews during Exodus.

M “MINER UPS

:2
bernacles. Sukkot celebrates the fail harvest and

on spiiieoniéingd;

I ., . .‘ ~Claynr6n‘thel. .
(AP), Cleanup ’crews contained the

Delaware River’s largest oil spill within a
20-miie stretch of the river W'ednesday as
the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal was
closed by booms to protect Chesapeake
Bay, the Coast guard said. ' . ‘

The oil was contained within an area
from Chester Island off Chester, 'Pa.. to
the entrance of the canal near Delaware:
City and was not expected to spread.'Coast
Guard spokesman Bruce Pimentai said in
Gloucester City, NJ. _

Only a few heavy pockets of oil remain-
ed in the river and major shore damage
was confined to a total of eight miles in
five areas where cleanup crews were work-
ing, Pimentai said.

The sir-die"

 

 

Judge censured ‘

Albany
(AP) A New York City judge who ordered
a teen-age prostitute to sit beside him on
the criminal court bench for a few hours
should be censured, the state's watchdog
panel has recommended. .

in a 63 decision Thursday, the state.

Commission on Judicial Conduct said
Civil Court Judge Lester Evens should be
given an ofﬁcial slap on the wrist for a
series of incidents in i984. while serving
temporarily in the New York City
Criminal Court.

Evens, 62, was presiding in the arraign-
ment section of criminal court on Feb. 28,

1984, when a teen-age prostitute fell asleep '

while waiting for someone to bring her bail
money. Evens ordered the young woman
to sit at the bench with him to keep her
awake. which drew laughter andsnickers
in the courtroom. the commission said. He
later vacated her ﬁne and allowed her to go
free;

Hospitals reviewed

Albany
(AP) New York’s hospitals are now re—
quired to report a much wider range of in-
cidents affecting or potentially affecting
patients to the state Health Department.
Commissioner David Axelrod said
Wednesday.

“Overall, the quality of care provided
by New York hospitals is without question
the equal of any in .the world." Axcirod
said. “But the Department of Health must
be able to identify and respond to un-
toward incidents which threaten the safety
of patients and the well-being of future
patients." ., ‘

National attention was focused earlier
this year on Lillian Cedeno of Schenec-
tady, who was improperly injected with an
anti-cancer drug at Albany Medical Center
Hospital. -

PREVIEW OF EVENTS '

free listings

ZBT rush '85 Little Sister in~
tereat Meeting will be held on
Thursday. Oct. 3 in LG 1 at 8:00
pm.

Korean Student Association
party will be held on October 5
at 9:00 p.m.-2:00 a.m. In Sayies
Hail. All welcome.
Hewlett-Packard Personal
Computer Open House will be
held in LC 19 on Friday. 0c-
tober 4 from 9:00 am. to 3:00
pm.

 

 

Albert Reid Dance Company
will perform on Saturday. Oc-
tober 5 at Russell Sage Coi~
logo at 7:80 pm. Tickets are
$2.

The Community and Public
Service program will hold two
informational Days at the
Campus Center. October 8
and 9 from 9 am. to 4 pm.
Recruitment Day for the

.Center for the Disabled will be

held on Saurday, October 5.
For more information cain
489-8336.

Slmchat Torah celebration will
be held at Shabbos House on

October 7 at 7 pm.

Greek, Roman & Dutch Day
will be held on Saturday. Oc-
tober 12 from noon until 5:00.
The Wailers will be playing on
Oct. 18 at the Campus Center
Ballroom. Tickets will be on
sale on October 8 at the Cam-
pus Center and Strawberries
and are $ 6 with a tax card.
The Ohio College of Pediatric
Medicine will have a represen-
tative on campus on Tuesday.
October 8. itinterested see
Roz Burrlck in CUE.

Northern iliinols University
College of Law will hve a

representative on campus on
Tuesday, October 8 from
10:00-2:00 pm. in the Campus
Center General Lobby.

Captains Meeting for SUNY._

Survival Games Tournament
will be held on Tuesday, 0c.
tober B in LC 11 at 8:00 am.

Othello will be staged in Page
Hall on the University's
downtown campus Saturday.
October 5 at 8:00 pm.

The American Red Cross will
be sponsoring Its annual ln~
structors Seminar on Satur.
day, October 5 from 8:30 am.

to 4:00 pm. it will be held in
Colonic Community Center.
50 foot plus "MegaSpiit” will
be held Friday. October 4 at
12:14 pm. on the podium.
Tickets on sale in the CC
lobby.

Alpha Kappa Epsilon will hold
its first general interest
meeting on Thursday. October
3 at 9:00 pm. In SS 108.

Study Abroad general interest.
meeting for Japan will be held
Friday. October 4 at 4:00 pm.
in HU 354

um...—

 

ri‘ts windabate-arteriw.T.

Michael Hall. on Oxford dobstor
"Breaking the law does not work. "

HOWARD "(IAN UPS

 

By John Keenan
MANAGING EDITOR I

“Technology for Tomorrow" is the
theme of this years Community-
University Day. which will be held on
Saturday, October 5. C-U Day is the an—
nual ﬁrst day of Parent’s Weekend. dur-
ing which the universitv is thrown open
to the parents of students and members i
of the Albany community.

“We’ll be showing how the University
interacts with the community," said Co-
Chair Michelle Ketcham.

Parent's Weekend begins at 10 am.
with a parent's coffee hour and a
welcoming address by University Presi-
dent Vincent O’Leary. The coffee hour,
which will be followed by various

. forums on undergraduate education,
career, and personal development, will
run until 12:30. ‘

, C-U Day begins at noon, and will be
held in the lecture centers. according to
CdChair Mark Pearlman. Among the
exhibits relating specifically to the
theme is the University's computerized
weather data system. The system. which
is one of the most sophisticated now
available to atmospheric scientists, can

 

Univ. readies for busy weekend

present weather data from around the
world on its screen graphically. Michael
Landin of the University's Atmospheric
Sciences Department will be
demonstrating the system and 'other
weather forecasting tools in Room 329
of the Earth Science Building. .

Among the other events at C-U Day
will be tours of the nuclear accelerator
lab, a marathon concert by pianist
Findley Cockreil, computing center
demonstrations and exhibits in the
University Art Gallery. University’s ad-
missions staff will also be able to pro-
vide information about the UniVersity
and admissions procedures.

Saturday is also homecoming for the
AlbanyState Great Danes. who face off
against Springfield College at 1:00 on
the university Field. “We'll be trying to
have parents see all the parts of the cam-
pus," Ketcham explained.

As Parent‘s Weekend continues into
evening, Speaker’s Forum will present
comedian Alan King in the gym at 8
pm. “Tickets for King sold really well
on the ﬁrst day." Ketchamsaid.

For parents who can’t get tickets

7D

 

 

By tan Clements
STAFF WRITER

Drawing most of their persuasive am-

' munition from an afternoon's conversa-

tion at W.T.'s, a British debate team con-
vinced a roomful of listeners Tuesday
night that civil disobedience is wrong.

Though they strayed from the ofﬁcial
topic! “This House Would Break a Bad
Law." the two Englishmen'delighted the
audience at the Albany-Oxford debate
with their witty cements on issues rang-
ing from the minimum drinking age to the
worldwide lawyer surplus.

A crowd of approximately 100 students,
gathered in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall to watch the event. which was co-
sponsored by the Albany State Debate
Society and. Speaker’s Forum.

While the host team based its arguments
in favor of breaking a “bad law" on 20
hours of preparation, the En‘glishmen
claimed to have prepared for “four or ﬁve
minutes."

While the Albany~duo of Diane Sepan-
ski and Steve Mundie asserted that laws
should be violated if they are
"illegitimate’l.“inequitabie”, or
“promote evil", Michael Hall of Oxford,
accused his opponents of ignoring 'big
questions, such as “How do we stop the
drinking age from going up?" and “How
do we get into law school and make lots of
money?” ‘

It seems that the Debate Society unwit-
tingly supplied much of the Englishmen‘s
debate material by discussing the drinking
age and the profusion of lawyers with
them at W.T.'s earlier that day.

“Breaking the law does not work", Hail
claimed. To demonstrate his point he
asserted the futility of changing the absurd
law which recluires Americans to drive on
the right side of the road. By attempting to
change that law by driving on the “cor-
rect" side. “I would get crushed" he said.

Hall temporarily abandoned his position
early in the debate, urging the audience.
“we must defeat the lawyers and the only
way to do it is through civil disobedience.”
Basing his argument on statistical
evidence that shows lawyers to be increas-
ing at a faster rate than the general popula-
tion. he warned, “in 14 years an absolute
majority of the population will be lawyers.
In 23 years everybody under the age of 42
will be a lawyer."

Despite his jibes at the legal profession,
Hail and his patner, David Lock, who is
actually from Cambridge, are studying to

FRIDA Y, OCTOBER 4, 1985 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

’s preparation time

become barristers, lawyers who argue
cases in court.

It seems probable that they will have
successful careers, for they made up for
their deﬁciencies in substance with a relax-
ed and conﬁdent style.

Sepanski. however. did win the crowd
over to her side at one point when she ask-
ed tbe audience whether civil disobedience
was justiﬁed if a person were sentenced to
eating UAS meals “365 days. . .three
times a day.

During a more serious moment, Sepan-
ski asserted that it was "immoral for peo-
pie to obey a bad law." Bad laws included
the anti-Semitic statutes of Nazi Germany
and the Jim Crow system in the United
States South. she claimed.

“If there is no mechanism to change a
law. it is not a law,” countered Lock, “on-
ly an excercise of ...unchecked authority."
By that deﬁntion he said, laws did not exist
in Nazi Germany, because there was no
process for change.

“We can within the system...advocate
changes in the law," Locke said, adding,
“by breaking the law, we destroy respect
for the system.” '

Responding to Albany's statement that
violating an "inequitable" law is just,
Lock asked, “Who should decide what is
inequitable?"

After the debate. the audience was asked
to show their support for one or the other
team. by exiting through designated door-
ways. The final taliy favored the British
59-27.

Hall and Lock were scheduled to tour
Albany on Wednesday. SUNYA was their
third stop on their tour which will take
them through Washing" on, D.C.. Ken-
tucky, and Wyoming among other states.

Their previous debates, entitled “Thank
God for the Atlantic" were held at Marist
and Saint Lawrence.

They said they were selected for the tour
by a competitive application process, but
they have no coaching or faculty support.
Their expenses are paid by the host
schools. in the case of their Albany trip,
the SUNYA Student Association paid the
bill.

Michael White, the Debate Society’s
Vice President of On Campus Affairs, said
the Society hoped to sponsor more debates
on issues of interest to students this
semester.

“Instead of protesting. why not settle
tHings on an intellectual level?" he said IT.

High rate of employee turnover plagues UAS

By Rick Swanson

Many students at SUNYA earn their spending money
But most of those
students do not last at the job for more than a semester.

by working in a' quad cafeteria.

blem." said Clough.

University Auxiliary Services (UAS) General Manager for UAS, said Clough.

‘E. Norbert Zahm said that although UAS offers students

a convenient way of earning money, there is “a problem schedule." said Clough. .
~~ Tim Limoncelle, a sophomore living at Dutch. said that j

of high turnover rate."

UAS employs around 700 students at any one time. but
last year. according to Zahm, “We went through about a

1800 student employees."

 

Students are offered many incentives to work for UAS.
According to Ciough, the main one being convenience.
“Students don’t have to drive anywhere" when they work

“Also. the management will work with (the student’s)

he applied at UAS because he “needed the money."

“I don't have any form of transportation, so this is "
convenient." said Lintoncelli, who started working at

The high turnover rate of employees "shows up in the UAS three weeks ago.

quality of service." said Zahm, pointing ou that “a new
employee does not know what‘s to be done"

she is working.

_ “I can make my own hours here," said Limoncelli.
while he or "Elsewhere. I’d have to work their schedule."
Carolyn Joyce, a senior living off campus. started

Ronald Clough. Director of Food Service, said that this working for UAS about four weeks ago,

year there has been “a lot ‘siower turnout than in the
past" of students applying to work for UAS.

We have a lot of student applications now.
Clough: attributing this to recent table-top adver-

“The biggest consideration when applying was .
transportation," said Joyce. who had also applied for
said jobs at Stuyvesant Plaza.

“1 work with some of my housemates and wé' have a lot

tisementsln UAS cafeterias advertising for job offerings. of fun." said Joyce. adding that “Everyone makes it
Each advertisement stated at the bottom “Students - pleasant to work here."

we need your help. ”

“it's been hard to get lunchtime help this year." said _

“Sometimes we have to suppliment the staff with high Zahm, adding. “Class SChedUIeS may haVe Changed Sim:e ,
school students. mainly on weekends." said Clough. “i '65! year Md 80 into the hind! Period" '

believe that SUNYA students should have the first crack

at the job. though," he added.

The UAS student payroll amounts to about $700,000

UAS experiences a fall in employment during exam
time, when students become “panic stricken" sald Zahm.
According to Clough. about 30 per cent of UAS

yearly, according ’to Zahm, noting that UAS hires employees have returned to work fromnsummer icaveof '

students at the minimum wage.

“We could pay employees more money." said Clough.
“but then the student has to pay more for his meal plan. ”
“I don't think adding money would solve the pro- looking for a fairly easy job, 1 would,

absence.
When asked if he would recommend a job at UAS to

HOWARD "GAR UPS

another student. Limoncclil replied, “Yea. for someone w‘m‘". '" ' "As "uh".

 

[j UAS went through 1800 student employees last year.

 

