 

 

  

Shyster tricks

Four to six hundred women will probably
leave the Albany area to get abortions this
year.

In fact, health department studies show that
more women leave the Albany area to get
abortions than any other comparable city in
the state.

Currently. an abortion in the Albany area
costs $700 or more. The closest clinic. which
generallyoffers abortions at $200 or less. is in
Schenectady. '

These facts show a definite need for a low
cost abortion clinic in the Albany area.

But the Catholic Church doesn’t think so.

The Albany' Roman Catholic Diocese has
taken the Health Department to court in an
attempt to stop the opening of an abortion
clinic on Lark Street. The church officials
claim they aren't fighting the constitutional
issue of abortion rights; they contend the
Health Department hasn’t properly
demonstrated a need for such a clinic.

Actually. they’ve caught the Health Depart-
ment on a procedural technicality. They main-
tain that the health department failed to
follow proper internal procedures in resear-
ching Planned Parenthood’s request for a
license. '

So. while the church fights out an
ideaological dispute with the government.
under the guise of a concern for proper pro-
cedures. those who can‘t afford expensive
abortions will have to seek out other options.
Some will go to Schenectady for an abortion,
possibly riding a bus home from what is
sometimes described as a painful procedure.
Others will attept abortions on their own.
often causing irreparable internal damage or
costing them their lives. And still others may
feel they have no choice but to bring un-
wanted children into the world. children
who’ve been known to later face intolerable
abuse. The picture may not always be this
bleak. but social workers can offer countless
cases that document its truth.

Clearly. the church is fighting its battle in
the wrong arena this time. The only issue that
should considered now is one of equal access;
abortion is legal and as long as it is. it ought to
be accessible to all.

The health department has proven the need
for a low cost. accessible. abortion clinic in
downtown Albany. it's sad to see the church
lowering itself to shyster tricks in the name of
holy causes.

Our diversity

Where can you enjoy an evening of German
rock music? Or talk to an expert about U.S.
relations with Nicaragua? Or see the academy
award winning film Moscow Doesn't Believe
in Tears?

it’s all happening on the SUNYA campus
this week. as part of the fourth annual World
Week. The event is organized and run by the
administration. with participation from a
broad spectrum of the campus community.

The programs offered throughout this
weekiong celebration of SUNYA’s diversity
provide us with an important opportunity to
get a brief glimpse of a variety of peoples and
cultures. Many of these people are full-time
members of our campus community who we
pass on the podium every day.

For one week every year the administration
goes to the trouble of offering a program to
explore our diversity. But it shouln’t end
there. An awareness and tolerance of the
many cultures represented on this campus is
an important outcome of both this week. and
the college experience as a whole.

 

 

 

 

 

ti ACCORDANCE .
watt supreme
Cotth Runs.
nits rustic SCHOOL
STUDENT HAS BEEN
TikaliGliW SEARCHED.

'Noihliiﬁ WAS l’OllNDm.

 

 

 

Since its creation eleven years ago as a student-based
research and advocacy organization. NYPlRG has yearly
registered tens of thousands of New York State students
to vote. the majority of whom are first time voters. At
SUNY.Albany alone. close to 6.000 students were
registered during last semester's voter registration drive.
We also have successfully litigated path-breaking legal ac-
tion to gain students the right to vote in the campus com-
munities in which they live. along with the Student
Association of the State University of New York (SASU).

I Gene Russianoff l

Last fall we expanded our registration drives to the
community. On October 4. l984 NYPlRG coordinated
an effort in which 1,500 volunteers in New York City
registered more than 52.000 people. primarily in lower-
income and minority neighborhoods. in Albany. close to
100 volunteers registered 900 people on that day.

Voter registration activities during 1984 were un-
precedented. Civil rights groups. peace activists. religious
workers. students, conservatives and liberals. Democrats
and Republicans. all joined in efforts to register people to
vote. Yet. millions of Americans eligible to vote did not
take advantage of this opportunity. in 1980 only 52.6 per-
cent of voting age Americans participated; about 78
million eligible voters did not.

Low voter turnout is not the fault of lazy or indifferent
citizens. but of government. Although many complain
about voter apathy. the overwhelming proportion of U.S.
citizens who do register end up voting. in l980. 86.8 per-
cent of those who were registered voted. A panel of
scholars. reporters and public officials found that “...the
greatest obstacle to voting in American is erected by laws
and administrative practices that make registration
significantly more difficult in the United States than in
any other democratic country."

 

 

Registration is hampered by needlessly complicated
forms; voters who do not know to reregister when they
move; and cut-off dates that bar registration just when
potential voters have turned their attention to the elec-
tion. The inability of Americans to vote is due. in large
part. to the lack of effort that our government has place
on voter registration.

The U.S. is one of few large democratic nations in
which the government does not activer register people to
vote. In Canada. government workers canvass door—to-
door for new voters and many European nations
automatically register individuals through their census. A
study by the University of California at Berkeley ranked
voter turnout in the U.S. 23rd out of 24 democratic na-
tions in recent years.

in New York State. low voter turnout and registration
are particularly severe. in 1982. only 56.5 percent of all
eligible voters in the state were registered. leaving 5.5
millionlvotlng ago New Yorkers unregistered.

Election reform: Now I, "

Each election season politicians usually complain about
voter apathy. low turnout and difficulties voters face at
the polls. Yet rarely do these ofﬁcials follow-up their
complaints with action. The reason for this is simple: one
factor prevents them from acting on the rhetoric. Former
President Carter declared at a Harvard symposium that
the one factor is “incumbency.” Carter declared. “in-
cumbents don’t want to see additional. unpredictable
voters registered. To have a 25 percent or 30 percent in-
crease of unpredictable voters is something they don't
relish — i would suggest to you that this is 'the singiemost
important obstacle to increasing participation on election
day." .... 
Although politicians 'are reluctant to see the electorate
expanded. citizens concerned-about low voter, turnout
must take action. NYPlRG has been in the forefront of
election reform in N.Y.S. This year'NYPlRG presented a
package of changes that would dramatically improve the
ability of citizens to register and vote.

An important step to increasing voter activity would be
to simplify registration forms. Small type. confusing
design and unnecessary details hinder potential
registrants. Many forms are rejected by local election
boards for technical omissions. ' The forms also
discriminate against naturalized citizens. who are asked
for their naturalization number from legal papers they are

‘ not required to carry..'[he number is not needed or used

in the registration process.

Other steps that N.Y.S could take include: i) Requiring
election boards to make registration forms available to
the public in government buildings. 2) Providing grants to
private. non-partisan groups (i.e. — League of Women
Voters. NAACP) that conduct voter registration drives.
One grant program. implemented in idaho. paid fifty
cents for every new voter registered in door-to-door can-
vass. idaho now has a 90 percent registration rate. 3)
Making the State. rather than Counties. responsible for
printing and paying for voter registration forms.

i984 was an unprecedented year for voter registration
efforts. On the SUNY-Albany campus. and throughout
the state. activists increased the number of potential
voters. NYPlRG. and others. are committed to seeing
that l985 is a year for elimination of laws that make our
voter registration work so hard. Students should address
concerns about election reform to the leaders of the
N.Y.S. legislature's elections committees:

Honorable James Lack

N.Y.S. Senate
Albany. N.Y. 12247
.0..

Honorable Cliff Wilson
N.Y.S. Assembly
Albany. N.Y. l2248

For more information about voter registration. and
NYPiRO'a election reform work. contact NYPIRO.

 

 

 

 

 

 

LEERS

O

Comm. unlty help
To the Editor: .

Throughout the year. members of our university com-
munity have displayed a spirit of generosity in their ef-
forts to assist the Albany Boys Club and the Drakeland
Day Care Center. Telethon ‘85 would again like to ex-
press its gratitude to all who have come forth and helped

 

us with our fundraising efforts — particularly Thursday's .

Afternoon at the Bars. which turned out to be an over-
whelming success. Telethon '85 would especially like to
extend its thanks to the Classes of 85. 86 and 87; the
LampPost. theLongBI-anch. O’Heancy's. and W.T.'s;

PepsLCola; Sysco Frosted Foods. Keis distributors. the

Genessee Representatives: E & D Beverages; Graves &
Rogers. lnc.: Colony Liquor Distributors: Ramapo Wine
a: Liquor Distributors; Service Liquor Distributors: Max-
on Liquor Distributors; Ruch distributors: ZBT fraterni-
ty; and all the other workers who donated their time and
support! We look forward to seeing you at Telethon '85"
—Llsa Buiteknnt

-Knthleen Ryan

Telethon ’85 Events Co-Cltairs

Lack‘ of integrity

To the Editor:

it is ironic that the school's new cheating policy is a
"model of integrity” (Tuesday's ASP) because the Stu-
dent Association now sells old exams to students, which
undermines the basic principles of academic integrity.
Selling exams reduces education to a market for grades.
thus diminishing the value of learning. Obviously those
"students" who buy exams have a better chance at an A
than students who honestly study. And that's really a
shame. Vending exams also diminishes the prestige of a
SUNYA diploma. When employers recruit students on
campus and see ads for the test bank. they’ll rightfully
come to the‘conclusion that SUNYA is a school where

'  .cﬁsmcte

" r v Eoilblllhld In rare
Heidi Jo Orllll. Editor In Gillai ‘
Dun Chang. John Kunln. Managing Editor:

 

l

.. J4.” Editor t
'Auooioto New Editor

 
 
 
 

 

 

..Loren Ginsberg

 

 

 

 

V Motrin “I'm 'lnn Spoiling
Millie Editor  ..Danlel Barth
Spun. Frtltni Mum gum."
‘ ' Krintinn slum

 

.............Edwntd Rolnu

M-nr- upon“-

, Editor
Editorial Ppgu Editor  
copy Frtltnr

Jerry c-mpiono. David LL. Lukln. Senior Editor:

Contributing Editm Jane Anderson. Joloph Fulco. Michelle Kroli. Wayne
Pouroboom. Judy Totol Editorial Assistants: Michelin Burner. Cathy Ertlg. Il-
nno Welnutoln. its" writers: Barbara Abruhamor. Donne Altman. Leslie Chait.
Johanna Clancy. Jacqqu Clerk. lln Clements. Ken Dornboum. Bolto Dzamba.
Beth Flnnbran. Ron nld Brant Getlton. Bot: Hanlon. Erlr: Hindnn. Mnddl Kun. J.
Michael Mnloc. Christine Roiioll. Pam Schuotorman. Rich Sheridan. Mlchnet
Skolnlck. David Wortholm. Spectrum Editor: Brenda Schooner atnti Artist:
Gary Palmor ‘ ‘

w Chris tilnghl. Bus/nor: Manager
Lynn gentle. Auooirte Eur/nun Manager
Mlurn Kollolt. Rhondn Woll. Advortlrlnq Managers
Milt. Krolmor. saiu Manna"

 

 

Hillinr'l Marsha Hath
nylon Rugs-mint" nnv Peron
. m A . Knron Dnvig

 

Advertising all": Klron Amatnr. Dan Ftcllhcr. Marc Hoborman. Rich Litt.
Judy Total. Advettlclng Production: Linn Blohlcr. Denice Cutronn. Toron-
Giscalono. Eileen Kolbnluk. Allen McDormolt. Jacki Mldlnrllry. Amy Paporny.
Mlko Schillro. Oillco its": Kathy Chic holler. Llnon Delgado. MIrlorla Recent
that, Stephanie Behoncul

Adltn 3. Eagle. Patricio Ginnnoln. Prgduetlon Mnricar'ra

chlniTypnoltor.  ............Lnncoy Hnymnn
Typlutlt Debora Adnlmann. Jo Ino Dilnuzxc. Snub Evulnnd. Dave Jones.
Curio aubc. Pun alt-ubet. Pu o upt Chris Coleman. E. F‘hilllp Hoover. Judy
Llwrlnco. Dun Dnrrol Bill. M.D.Thomplcn. Chnuiiourlt Warren Hurwltz.
Richard BhIlidlﬂ ‘

     

Photographylprlnolpllly supplied by University Photo Burr/too. I student

tou
:hioipi’hotogrnphor: Erica Spicaol UPS ltnli: 8han Albm. Amy Cohen. Morin
Culilnnn. John Curry. Lynn Drolius. Cindy Golwuy, Adam Ginsberg. Robert
Hnnlmlnn. David Illlo. Kenny Kit-ch. Robert Luck-y. Ezra Mluror. Mark
Mldllvilll. Chrll Orninl; Lilli Simmons. Robert Bouoy. Dnvtd strick. How-rd
rygor

rum

in. Albany btydoni Prue ll published Tulltlnyl And Ftldlyl botweln
Auuult and June by the Albany student Prul Corporation. an independent
not~tcr-prolit corporation.

Editorials Ito written by the Editor ln Chlol with members at the Editorial
Board; policy II subject to review by the Editotul tie-rd. Advorllllno pulley
does not nocclurlly toiiecl odllbrinl policy.

Mailing address:
Albrny Student Prue. cc 620
1600 Wuhinclon Ave.

Album NV ram
(010) Iii-MOIKJJIIIMM

Entire contents copyright till Albany Student Pro-I Corpor-tlon. Ill tIghtI
ed.

 

 

 

 

Inmn- O‘Sullivnn '

grades can be bought. not earned. it’s not appropriate for
SA. an organization dedicated to seeking a quality educa-
tion for students. to contradict its ideals by emphasizing
grades. not learning. defeating the purpose of an exam
and furthering SUNYA’s image as a degree factory. it
also sets a bad precedent for SA. What will they sell next?
Term papers or class notes? There are far better ways SA
can channel its funding and energy.-They could lobby for
a repeal of the grouper law in Pine Hills, work on offer-
ing students an alternative to the overpriced bookstore
(e.g. a eo-op) or schedule some much-needed additional
buses on Friday and Saturday nights. Selling tests will on-
ly denigrate the value of education in the long run.
~Ellzabeth Reich
——.Thomas Ruller

The silent majority

To the Editor: ~

For thetpast four years. I have been content to read the
ASP twice a week and silently tolerate the views of the
anti-porn crusaders. But it’s time that the vocal minority
stopped getting all the attention.

Opinions are just that: opinions. The freedom of their
expression. in the absence of outright treason. is an ab-
solute. Even the opposition of 100 percent of our society
is insufficient justification for the suppression of any
idea.

Unfortunately. precedent has its power. The banning
of one magazine is only a short step away from the pro-
hibition of some book. From there. you can kiss your-
liberty goodbye and you might as well lobotomize babies
at birth for all the freedom of expression they'll have.

Listen to people who tell you what you should or
should not see. people who would subjectively impose
their morality upon you. Odds are that they'll bug you.

—Dnvid M. Welnraub

Open test bank

To the Editor:

On behalf of the Student Association and the
Academic Affairs Committee. we would like to announce
the opening of the SA Test Bank which opened Monday.
Feb. 25. l985. I

For those ofus who have worried before our exams and
asked. “what is he going to ask?" or :‘what are her tests
like?" the key to success is well within reach. The bank is
located in the Campus Center. at the Central SaleS‘Officc
(in between Key Bank and the Contact Office) and will
consist of tests that have been generously donated by
various members of the University community. These
tests are being made available at a minimal cost only to
compensate for operating expenses. We are not looking
to make a profit. ‘

There are many good reasons for the initiation of such
a bank. First of all. the Test Bank will help alleviate much
of the mental strain that is encountered by students when
preparing for exams. Also. the test bank is accessible to
all students. therefore possibly removing the advantage
some students have over others when they acquire some
of the many past exams in circulation. This is reinforced
by the fact that some professors give identical or extreme-
ly similar exams semester after semester.

This-program is already in effect at many large univer-
sitlcs nationwide and is extremely popular. The key to the
success of the test bank however is continued student
patronage. Not only in purchasing exams bttt also in con-
tributing to the ever growing supply of past exams.

in order to encourage students to utilize this valuable
source only recently made available to them. the Student
Association is offering. for a limited time only. an ex-
change program. For every old exam brought in that is
not yet on file. you will receive an equal amount of test
pages for free. All‘test donations are kept confidential

' and original test papers are returned.

As midterms approach. we would like to encourage
students to make use of this great study tool.

‘ ~nm MeCAnn

Vice Chair. Central Council

—Lynn Livanos

Academic Affairs Committee

Take it seriOusly

To the Editor: '

“This can’t be happening! But, they are civilized
cultured people!" Everyone has claimed that this is so.
Yet. prejudice and racism are realities. even in civilized.
cultured worlds.

Racist hatred and death plots are not a new
phenomenon in history. and they are not dying from a
case of extinction either. They have existed from the
earliest pre-written histories and are predominant even to
this day.

This week marks the anniversary of a time when a bin-
tant Persian nnti-Scmlte vowed to annihilate the Jewish
people. The Jewish Persian Queen Esther tested and

' prayed for salvation and was granted her wish. hence the
joyous celebration of Purim. This may seem like an end
to most. but it is truly the beginning of a long score of
events that took place. nearly reducing the Jewish people
to extinction. of which few of even the “highly educated”
individuals are even aware of.

Some of these “highly educated" individuals swear in-
cesscntly that atrocities like the Holocaust never even oc-
cured. and they deny that Jews, among other nationalities
and races are being tortured and persecuted in Russia.
Ethiopia. and Syria. What is the price that humanity and
dignity and civilization must pay before people become
aware of this?! it is possible. anywhere. and everywhere.
and anytime! Civilization and culture by no means
prevented Germany from perpetrating the most vulgar
and dehumanizing acts of all times! How long will we be
blind? Queen Esther. by her prayer. fasting, and fervent
devotion merited salvation and the salvation of her peo-
ple. May we all be able. in our own devotion. prayer, and
fasting on the Fast of Esther. March 6th. to aid in the
salvation of our brothers. the current prisoners of cons-
cience in Russia and Ethiopia, and Syria.

The story of Purim. as the holocaust. is an amulet
against further atrocities. but only if we take it seriously
and learn from it.

—Mlchele B. Herman
Revisionist Zionist Alternative

Secular aid

To the Editor:

The other week i noticed a table set up by students in
the campus center asking for donations to help the Ethio-
pian Jewish refugees. l wondered what these people were
going through that the rest of the Ethiopian population
had not suffered already. it seems apparent that the
Ethiopian Jews. Muslims, Christians and animists are all
sharing the same problem. starvation. So why only help
the Ethiopian Jews? Are the other religious groups not
deserving of our aid? Highly unlikelyl Should other
students start organizing committees to help save the
Ethiopian Christians and the Ethiopian Musiins. Since
Israel is only aiding the Ethiopian Jews. should the
United States (since the majority of Americans are Chris-
tian)-only support Ethiopian Christians? Should Egypt
only aid Ethiopian Muslims? Obviously this is upsurd!
All Ethiopians need our help. Let's not categorize people
in times of crisis. Should race. religion and/or nationality
determine who should be fed and who should be ignored?
Yes. i do want to save a life but not because he is Chris-
tian. or Jewish or Muslim or animist,~ but because he is a
human being!

—Namc withheld upon request

Po'or service

To the Editor: '
ldon’t mean to bring up an old, annoying subject. but
i feel i have to...

The University bus service is not operating up to its full
potential; Over the past three weeks i have heard around
100 complaints about the bus schedule. All you have to
do is stand at a bus stop for 60 seconds and you will hear
them too.

i find absolutely. positively. no reason whar-so-cver
that i must stand on the corner of Quail and Western and
sec four full buses pass me by. Not only do 1 freeze. but i
become late for class to boot!

Something must be done about this and quick!

i cannot forget to add the icing on the cake. (This
message should hit home for the off«campus students.)
You are paying to wait out in the cold! The brunt of the
bus l'ee falls on you! .

We must ban together and get this present bus schedule
changed.

lam also very curious about the amount of income that
the University has generated from our bus fee money. We
have a right to know how much money and exactly what
it is being used for. Perhaps some of our bus fee money
could be used to create a new schedule. (What do you
think?)

if you find yourselfon a corner watching full buses go
whizzing by ——- jot it down. Write down where you were
standing. ‘what time it was. how many buses~passed you
by. the date. and sign your name. (You can write the
temperature outside. andhow late you are to class if you
are really upset.)

Please drop these I‘little notes" off in S.A. (CC “6)
and we'll see if we can't solve this problem together.

While we're at it. we going to demand to see the figures
(dollars and cents) that the bus fee has generated. it's
amazing how these things are hush-hush.

And remember. if you write down your grievances to-
day ~— you might not be waiting in the cold tomorrow.

See you at the but: stop!

—-Suzy Auletta
Student Association Vice President

 

