 

 
 

12 Aspects on Tuesday

 

March '12, 1985

 

 

PAC sparks

Theater, is an assemblage of unconventional
characters set in a sleepy town in Missouri. Per-
sonalities flare up on independence Day as these people
find themselves reunited under one roof.
in the Broadway production five years ago, Christopher
Reeve played an emotionally moving Ken Talley. a
paraplegic who lost both legs in Vietnam. William
Sallmann, in SUNYA's production. is convincing in his
movements of portraying a paraplegic, but his character
remains emotionally crippled, The lack of “oomph” in his
role makes this gathering too fragmentary in nature. The
unity of the cast is upset by indifterenl pity to the
character. There is the need for a strong Ken to hold it
together.

RonimD. Ginsberg

Lanforci Wilson's l-ili/r of/rrly, at SUNYA's Studio

 

 

Wilson's st ript is involved and hard to follow, in Act l,
the viewer is bombarded with Ken and his horticulturist
male lover, Ken's aunt Salty, whose trying to deal with the
task ot scattering her dead husband's ashes in the river. and
his sister June,who is trying to deal with her precocious il‘

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

Good theater uptown and downtown

legitimate teen-age daughter, Shirley, The family is
disrupted by the arrival of one-time close frinds John and
Gwen. John is the smooth talking father of Shirley, as well
as fast-lane~living Gwen's husband and business manager.
(Ewen is the brash heiress-cum-pop singer whose good
nature shines through her various neuroses.

Ken's lover, portrayed by John Fox, is a strong
character, but little tenderness comes out between the two
men, especially in the first act, where the attempt to be at-
fectionate seems strained. This improved somewhat in the ‘
latter half of the play. indeed, the first act is sensory over-
load; Wilson deposits a lot of unconnected material to be
digested. in the second half, both the audience and the ac-
tors seem to get a feel of the characters and their relations
to each other. The conflicts begin to develop well, but
director William Leone failed to give the extra push that is
needed to bring the conflicts to the right intensity. Their
resolution leaves the audience wanting.

Shirley (played by Leesa Markbreiter) and Gwen
(Rebecca Weitrnan) relate to each other on stage better
than the other characters do. Though very different per-
sonalities, both characters have a penchant for theatrical
behavior. Gwen struts around in garish costumes offering
her friends ‘tudes and brandishing four-letter words.
Shirley floats about in her grandmother's faded gowns
idealistically speaking of plans to devote her life to "art"
and the sacrifices she will make. She humorously describes
visions of future stardom for the family and repeatedly
declares her opinions tor all to hear, "I never think about
men physically," she says as she slides a banana into her
mouth. Gwen, an older-sister figure whose personality
bears the marks of ,U years, an unstable mind and too
many drugs, relates well to Shirley's ilakiness. These two
women" bring most of the life into the production and
nearly all of the funniest lines.

The play's main conflicts revolve around Ken. but they
are lat king in power. Ken has accepted a teaching job but
doesn't want to (at e the students and contemplates back-
ing out There is pain in his apprehensions and fears that
the students won't .ncept him as a homosexual and disabl-
i-d man, but the audience isn't made to feel them, We
don't get the anger and frustration that came'oul so Well in
the Broadway production. We need to understand Kcn.

 

 

 

with Fifth‘ofJuly“

  
 

I. to r. top to. honour: Rebeccn Wéilman. Randy Scon Weir-
man. Leesa Markbrcilcr. M. Susan Peek, Trlidi HCCkcrtClt.
William Stillman, Frank Whitley. John Fox

  

  

Wilson's script doesn't tell us about Ken's experience in
the war, We are told that Gwen, John and Ken were
against the war and did their share of protesting and party-
ing. We also find out that although they had plans to
evade the draft and flee to Europe together, Ken stayed
behind. The others confront him on this, bringing on one
of the few truly emotional scenes in this performance. We
never really understand why he went, nor does he or the
others. Even this scene had more potential than the actual
performance delivered.

The setting of the country house is charming and neat
while effectively containing the drama. Together with the
very appropriate props, the well-finished set focuses atten-
tion on the action as it should. Jerome Hartley's lighting
worked very well throughout the play. Kudos to the pro-
duction staff and running crew.

In general the costumes are very good, but Gwen's
seemed a bit too garish. More care should have been taken
with the make-up. One should be able to look at the per-
formers and have an idea of their character's ages, which
was hard to do with these actors and actresses. The youth
of most of the student performers was too evident in
characters who should have been in their early or mid-
thirties. Outside of such minor lapses in, execution.
SUNYA's Fit-ll: ofluly survives a weak lead to be an en-
joyable evening of quality theater. - El

Cap Rep masters Harold

drama about a white boy and two black servants un~
iolds. Master Harold and the [toys is a mitiocosin of
what is going on. not just in aparthied South Africa, but in
the world today. it deals wrth 'how people talk about
equality and progress, while their actions promote racism.

I n the hotspot of South Africa in IOSU, a poignant

Keren Schlomy

Athol Fugari s script is a hard-[hitting .ind yet sensitive
story, brought to life by dtliil' loo Ferguson. Ferguson
plays Sam, a sort of surrogate father to young ‘ l tally '. the
white boy Ferguson who has preformed in Joseph l’app's
New York Shakespeare Festival, presents a memorable
portrayal of an intelligent and highly tolerant man who
rear hes his breaking point when insulted and is put in his
plat e one too many times.

llally, played by Corey Parker, is somewhat unconvinc
ing in his remorse near the end of the play, but otherwise a
beleivable character. At times one feels that there is a lot
going on below the surfar e of his character that tlally hints
at, but keeps scirr-f from the audience

Willy, portrayed by Ilasil A. Wallace, provides a rruuh
needed balame between Sam and ltally. This true friend-
ship supports Sam III the end of the play,

All action is romplunented by the set, which is an ex
cellent reproduttion of a 1950's diner, complete with cut-
ored tile floor, hanging lights, and a jukebox that adds just
the right lltlll h of fantasy. The jukebox and its music seem
to symbolize a part of an ideal world. while the everyday
language injected with orrassional explelives creates an ex‘

 

«lean daily, out on Sam. l‘le insists that Sam now call him

 

  

tra dimension of reality.

The character of I‘tally thinks very highly of himself in-
tellectually, especially compared to black men-He talks of
how the world should be, but he still calls Sam‘s and
Willie's ballroom dancing “primitive black culture." The
dance. we see through Sam. is really a representation of
how life should be» » "On the dance tloor no one bumps
into anyone else." Sam explains that. in reality, members
of a family bump into each other. the (LS bumps into
th‘shlr't. and so on, If we tould all just listen to the music
and learn our steps, life would be as beautiful as a dance.
This becomes a timely lesson for today's world,

Just as llally is beginning to understand, he receives a
tall from his mother telling him that his father is coming
home from the hospital, Ilally takes all his rage and shame
for his father. whose phlehrn filled pisspot he‘s had to

 

"Master Harold" and insults him with a racist joke about a
"Nigger's ass". Sam drops his pants in response. The ten-
sion of the moment is increased when llally spits in Sam's
fare, liven after this incident, Sam tries to show tlally that
things don't have to be this way. lie tells him, “You can
leave the Whites Only bench any tune you choose. lust
stand up and walk away.“

Director Bruce Bouchard, who teaches a theater class
here at SUNYA, has learned the steps to his dance well.
and the production moves with a swift grace and effec-
tiVeness. Master Harold, by Capital Repertory Company.
will be playing at the Market Theater through April i 1.
Show your student ii) a half hour before curtain time for
half price tickets. ill

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

 

 

  

.' I 3'1;.'t='r' fit

     

 

Aspects on Tuesday 13'

 

 

Kan Hochiiluscr-UPS

 

Poriso‘t’s:~
poetry

SUNYA English Department Chair
Eugene Garber' to the audience

waiting in the Humanities Lounge. Marie'

Ponsot was scheduled to give a poetry
reading on that evening, March 7.'at 8:00.
When she arrived after a dinner
downtown with accompanying members
of the English Department; it was nearly
8:30 pm. Anxious not to waste any more
time, English Professor Judy Sherwin in-
troduced the poet simply and directly.
“Here is Marie Ponsot, who has a
manuscript of poetry at the publishers now
and two previously published works, True
Minds and Admit lmpediments. Let's got"

Loren" Ginsberg ‘

Ponsot was apologetic'about the delay,
explaining, "We were held by double
parkers." The poet began reading from her
new manuscript entitled Love is Not Love,
in which a third person referred to as "she"
is the central character of a series of poems.
"She" progresses through problems
associated with life's many sensitive stages,
beginning as a very young girl and becom-
ing ' a young woman with a newly
developed sense of identity.

One .poem of this series deals with
adolescent girls practicing "squealing" at
boys on the beach and "being cute”when
they are thrown into the water. Ponsot's
"she" hates "cute girls" and sinks her teeth
into a boy's shoulder. At a later stage the
young woman has started writing a novel
which is “in trouble already” in the first
few lines of the poem. Her difficulty in
writing stems from the realization that

 

 

"people in novels have to need something

that takes about 200 words to get."

The laughter of the crowd infected Pon- ~

sot. and she had to struggle to regain her
composure as she read. The poignancy‘of
her selections from Love is Not Love made
it difficult to believe that the poet used an
anonymous persona to remove herself
from her works. Ponsot admits that this ap

proach led to surprisiﬁg‘res'ults. "l‘thought i t ‘

would be able to write things that would
be fictional. it was ,very peculiar. My
poetry became more honest. it was really
'me. i really did bite a boy on the shé’uldert"

l’onsot read several outstanding selec- '

tions from her 'second collection, Admit
Impedirnents. "On Freedom to Worship in
the Ice Age of Polar Religions" deals with

the poet’s inner, debate of whether to wor- 

ship a "Coc " or a "Goddess." Both options

prove unsatisfactory. The poet concludes'

that “the face of the holy is the human
face."

The poems "Patient" aridf‘Coal” are sen-
sitive tributes to the poet‘s aging mother.»
“Hard Shell Clam" deals with the delicate
relationship of the poet to her father.
These works as well as otherssuccccd in
capturing the intimacy of human relation-
ships through poetry.

When l’onsot stopped reading, audience
members asked, "ls that all?" Encouraged to
read a few more pieces, she entuslastically
agreed. Thea audience obviously ap-
preciated the-opportunity to experience
the poetry ofMarie Ponsot and will be
waiting to read more of the humorous,
touching experiences of "she " with the

coming release of Love Is Not Love. Cl -

 

'STAYING ALIVE: The Psychology of

Human Sun/trial
' _ By‘Roger Walsh. _
Forevridrdi byaHis Holiness the
Datn‘l Lam. and Linus Pauling.
New Science Library, dish-«by Random
'House. . r
125 pp., $5.95

Coauthor, of Beyond .Ego: Transpersonal
Dimensions in Psychology and Towards an
Ecology of Brain, Roger Walsh has recently
compiled a manual which outlines and
defines thepsychology of human survival.
.T he premise of Staying Alive states, in no
uncertain terms, the earth's population is
doomed to genocide unless'thc individual
becomes aware of personal (and global),
threats to human survival, and develops a
sense of the psychology of human survival.
This relatively untouched branch of
psychology seeks to identify threats to our
continued existence, psychological
understandings and implications of global
crises, possible contributions to aid in im-
proving these crisis situations, and global
therapy to nullify the symptoms.

M. 0. Thomas -

According to Walsh, threats to human
survival are symptoms of the psyche of the
individual: the world’s state of decay has
egressed from the mind of the individual.
Walsh doesn’t attempt to downplay such
factors as economic forces and "conven-
tional diplomacy." but draws attention to
the psychological basis of mass society's
condition. ' '

 

 

The scheme Walsh has arranged to
remedy the world's ailments is eclectic and
presumably pragmatic: he selects useful in
sights first popularized by Gautama Bud-
dha and the religious values of Lao-tse in

, the sixth century BC. The major points of '

focus include: behaviorism and reinforce-
ment; addiction, aversion and delusion; inv'

 

tuitive factors of beliefs, assumptions and

t was bound to happen sooner or later.
I l was going to have to see a bad pro-

duction at Proctor’s eventually. But i
never expected the touring version of
Dracula to be the one.

Ian Spelling

Martin Landau played the Count, or at '
least tried. He is best known for his roles in
the television series Mission Impossible
and Space 1999. The sold-out crowd pro-
bably figured they were going to see a star

 

..try,hjs hand at something different, but

they Were Wrong. Landau encountered
several problems in his portrayal. -He took
ed too old for the part, because he is too”
old for the part. He lacked any charisma or
magnetism, not to mention stage presence.
Most importantly, however, Dad can't act
and never could. ‘ I
Unfhrtunately for all involved, Landau
was not the exception. Evary cast member

played his or her part with the broadest of

gestures. They annoyingly iutted their
hands into the air for emphasis. These cute
little embellishments were meant to be
campy. but the thrill vanished immediate-
ly. Less than ten minutes into the play, it
was obvious the actors were eagerly
awaiting laughs lost in the mail. When
Johnny Carson cracks a joke which doesn't
go over well, he pleadineg peers at the au~
dience. They respond with gates of
laughter, However, that neat little trick
failed all but one Friday night for the
Dracula cast.

it can’t honestly be said every cast
member was poor. Humbert Allen Astredo
performed admirably as Dracula's arch
enemy, Von lielstng. And Michael

Nostrand hit all the correct comedic notes

 

as the fly eating Renfield.

 

 

pile-ts, survivors, bloodsucké‘is. . .ari'd cockroaches

Survival 0f the psyche

-to'rs, Walsh exemplifies

  

 

thoughts; defense mechanisms; fear and
loathing; social cognizance and the media.
Keeping in mind these psychological fac-
methods of
alleviating world strife.

"Global Threats" is somewhat of an
amibiguous, farv'reaching term; the threats
to the earth's populace, as explicitly con-
sidered here, concern nuclear weaponry,
population, environment, food, poverty
and energy. The Global 2000 Report,
prepared by the Council on Environment
Quality in t979, offers an inAdepth study
of world trends. The figures in Global

 

inursiuurn II\ ||I~INI\I -~ It" in. ill on (mm. . t a r n.

_ AYIN
LIVE

.'l‘|||'] l’Si'ttllttl.titti'-
til" lll'.\l.-\.\' Sl'lt\'l\';\l.

Iii/i... anal/“yum. u, urban...” ..,.i .r,,.,,..r Wu... .m
u r/lrm/Irr a war ulrrlrlr/ m .. air. I...” rr,. . “

   

 

littlilflli WAlrSllEn

 

 

2000 and similar reports is considered inac-
curate to a small degree, but the prognosis
is most likely more optimistic than the
potential results. "Drawdown," a phase
characterized by high use and low replica-
tion of natural resources, accompanies the
ecological disruption which, even now; oc-

curs due to increasing desertification) con-.

sidered the most crucial factor), exorbitant
consumption patterns caused by the
burgeoning rate of population growth, and

b ' t ' '

A woman sitting nearby explained that
she saw Raul Julia play Dracula during the
original Broadway run. He had replaced
Frank Langella. The sets used the other
night, she said, were the same ones used in

1977. The comedy was far more subtle,
but more importantly, Julia posessed the

"Martin Landau played the
Count, or at least tried."

 

 

necessary charm to transform Dracula into
a frightening, romantic figure. The new
version of the play was devoid of charm.
and the spine tingling moments proved to
be very few and far between.

The special effects and lighting were ter-
rific, particularly toward the show's concili-
sion. in it, the curtain opened to reveal
what is described as Dracula's last hidden

' coffin. The men in search of it wandered

the stage with flashlights in hand. These
were the only sources of light. Each actor

Ithen turned his flashlight toward the au-

dience. What one man saw provoked him
to declare "What a strange place this is."
That joke earned the evening's longest
spontaneous response. Von Helsing then
opened the coffin and hammered a stake
through Dracula's heart. Landau mouthed a
scream while the man operating the sound
effects depressed the appropriate button.
Dracula, of course, failed to die immediate-
ly. Rather, he hung on long enough to
frighten the audience one last time before
disappearing into a cloud of mist.

The sets created by Ekward Gorey ap~
peared campy enough. The arches of
various doorways were bat shaped. Bat
designs found their way onto Renfield's pa-

 

'March 12, 1985

atmospheric pollution. Present extrapola-
tions, notwithstanding apocryphal status
conferred upon sources by most political
figuresyare held to be quite real and worth
avoiding. ' .

inevitable? Not really. Looking at public
policy and the politicians who study the art
of government, it's not difficult to find a
plausible solution in terms of choices based
on expected rewards, usually indicative of
a general behavioral pattern. it has been
suggested, for example. but few politicians
are willing to support a push toward lower
consumption of nonrenewable fuels, for
fear of immediate personal results. Evident-
ly. threat ‘of possible non-reelection
outweighs the long-term effect of
"drawdown" and equally serious conse-
quences. This is a simple case in point
which illustrates the outcome of the
misconstrued or improper reinforcers the
politician receives from the individual
(Such as preferring a private means of
transport to public transportation) and the
conflict to be found in a low-synergy en-
vironment (usually a hegemony with little
connection between persons making
governmental decisions and those ex-
periencing the widespread results).

The implications of global therapy are
only touched upon in this volume, but
subsequent books on this topic will
elaborate. Staying Alive serves well as an
introduction to‘the psychology of human
survival. The sum total of Staying Alive's
thesis attempts to advise the individual of
the problems facing us all, why they occur,
and what the individual should do, besides
seeking a potentially lucrative variable-sum
game.

As the wisdom of His Holiness The
Dalai Lama would have it, "there is no way
to overeniphas‘ize the importance of work»
"i'n’g towards greater harmony and
lihderstanding amongst different peoples,
and of awakening a wider awareness in the
world of the urgent need for peace."

, Enough said. [i

 

iamas. Bats were everywhere. Even bats
flying around the stage looked like bats.
The entire set consisted of shades of black,

white, and gray in order to create a
cartoon-like aura. Somehwere in each of
the three,act5 and the climax a touch of red
could be found. That particular color arrin
ed in the form of a glass of wine, a red rose
in a vase, a red flower on a dress, and a
fake looking blob of blood. Searching for
these items provided the evening‘s
highlights.

Other than a pair of inspired perfor-
mances, there was nothing particularly in-
spiring about this production. The lead was
miscast, the comedy was too broad, and
the play itself was neither charming nor
scary. Put simply, Dracula sucked
everything but blood. Cl

 

