 

'r -w-..c.......... .. _..

2 Spam February ALpANY-STUDENT-Passs [:1 TUESDAY,'FEBRUAR¥26;51985..          .

Dick Sauers reaches the ark‘

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

With five minutes left to play in the
game. the chant began:

500i. .. SOUL. . 500!

Albany Head Coach Dick Sauers re-
mained motionless, his eyes transfixed
on a game whose destiny had been decid-
ed long ago.

‘sooi . . 500i. .. 500!

Sauers looked up for a moment. and
motioned to Rich Chapman to get in the
game. The Danes were beating the
Brockport Eagles, 73-59. but more impor-
tantly to everyone except Sauers. this vic-
tory would be number 500 in his il~
lustrious coaching career.

The crowd silenced itself. much as
misbehaving children would in grade
school. But with two minutes left. the
chant resumed. louder than before.

500i. .. 500l. .. 500l

Sauers looked at the clock in
acknowledgement of the fans' cheer. and
put reserves Brian Kauppila and jan
Zadoorlan into the game. The Danes
responded to the crowd by opening up a
33-point lead, 85-62.

Senior Greg Hart joined the chant on the
bench. his knees pumping up and down
in raw enthusiasm. Assistant Coach Barry
Cavanaugh. who was co-captain of the
Danes six years ago. offered his hand in
congratulations. This was the win the
players and the fans were waiting for all
year. and they weren't going to let Sauers
spoil his own party.

Two gold. purple and white banners
materialized with the number 500
emblazoned in the center.‘ Senior co-
captains Dave Adam and Danny Croutier
held one together. as did Hart and senior
center Pete Gosule.

The game was no longer important: the
two central figures were Sauers and the
clock. As reserve Tony Dickens hit the
first of two foul shots. Hart and Gosule
stood on the bench. arms upraised. ban-
ner in hand.

A smile creased Sauers' lips. as he plac-
ed his hands on his waist in apparent
satisfaction and relief. The congratula-
tions were coming fast and furious. and
not even Sauers could deny the emotions
that he was fighting off the week
preceding number 500.

The clock ticked its last second: the
game was over. To the approval of 3000
or so fans. Hart and Gosule hoisted
Sauers onto their shoulders. and paraded
him onto the court. While everyone else
was caught up with 500. Sauers pointed
his ﬁngers to the sky. alternating two on
one hand. and one on the other.

"i wanted to put things back in the pro-
per perspective." said Sauers after the
game. "it was number 21 for the team
(this year). That‘s the way to look at
things from now on."

21 wins seemed a long way off at the
beginning of the season. The Danes were
coming OE their worst season in eight
years. ﬁnishing with a 14-11 record. Only
three times in Albany basketball history

       

 

 

 

 

  

have the Danes‘had as many as 21 wins in
a year; the team’s work was obviously cut
out for them.

Sauers makes his players write down
their personal goals before the year. He
doesn't know how many players wanted
21 wins as a goal: he claimed. “Probably a
lot of them." Never argue with a coach.
especially not with this one.

Speaking for the team. Croutier said.
“We've had up and down years recently.
Before this year. our aim was to get 21
wins. The closer we got this year. the
more we knew we would get it."

The Danes opened up the season in the
Capital District Tournament by beating
RPl. Hart remembered saying. "20 more
to go" in the lockerroom‘ after the game.
“I‘ve been thinking about it (500) since i
first came here." said Hart. "we were go~
ing to take one game at a time — we had
to win it."

The scenario on Friday night against
Brockport was a Hollywood scriptwriter's
dream. The weekend before. Albany
defeated the number-one ranked team in
the nation. the Potsdam Bears. and earn-
ed the right to host the SUNYACs. The
following day saw the passing awa of
Sauers' mother. which kept Sauers om
Tuesday night's game against Hamilton.
his first crack at his 500th win.

Without Sauers present. the team came
up empty and lost to Hamilton by 17.

and Ed Bilak of Springﬁeld."
Coach Bill Scanlon, Union:

"The thing about Dick is you always have to prepare so many things.

because he does the unexpected.“

Dr. William Moore. Director of Athletics at Albany:’ v

"His reputation among coaching fraternities is well-known. Basketball
coaches are a very tight group: Dick has been held for many. many years in
high regard in the New England area."

Dennis Stevens. Plant Director at Albany:

“The sight i enjoyed the most (after win 500) was Dick being showered with

champagne."

Dave Adam. Albany shooting guard:

"Tonight we got to jump on him. hug him . . . even pour champagne on him.
Sometimes he's rough on us. but we know he's doing it to make us better."
Ed Steitz. Springfield Athletic Director and Editor and National interpreter

of the NCAA Rules Committee:

“He's a very. very outstanding coach. He maximizes the potential of the
material of players he has to work with. if he were coaching on a Division I
level. not many peo 14: could stop him if he had equal talent. He‘s a good
thinker. a great fun amentalist. and a great teacher. To get 500 wins in Divi-
sion in takes a lot of time and dedication. You really have to like it to get

500 wins."

Assistant Coach john Quattrocchi. Maristx
"Doc's very thorough. a great competitor. He knows his basketball better
than everyone. He makes average players good and better players even bet-
ter. He gets all of his players to play to their best abilities. Doc Sauers can
coach at any level: he‘s as fine as a coach there is. He enjoys the pure.

‘ coaching part of the game."

   

Coach Bill Detrlck. Cetral Connecticut State:
"The two guys that are the toughest game coaches i know are Doc Sauers

 

"i don‘t think we were ready to play
mentally or physically." said Croutier.
There was a feeling that some people
didn't mind at all. '

"One could sense a feeling among the
45 to 50 fans who made the trek to
Hamilton that that was one loss that the
team can absorb." said Dr. William
Moore. Director of Athletics at Albany. "1
know in Doc’s heart he wanted the team-
to win. it would have' been bittersweet.-
just the fact that. the game was on the
road would have made it bittersweet."

Earlier that evening. Albany won a coin-
toss and was awarded top-seed in the
SUNYACs. facing the l3-l2 Brockport
Eagles on Friday. If the Danes had lost the
toss. they would have faced Buffalo State
in the openin round. The Bengals upset
Potsdam. an would eventually u set

.Alban in the finals. Brockport ha no

such elusions of grandeur: Eagle coach
Ron jones merely hoped that "the of-'
ficials will feel sorry for us and call a good
game." And so. the stage was set for
number 500 at a soldout University Gym. '

The game looked rehearsed. Albany
came out tight and played the Eagles
closely in the first half. onl ,to pull away
convincingly in the second alf. When the
four senior starters unfurled the banners.
that too looked rehearsed. According to
Dr. Moore. none of the players knew

I what was in store for Sauers. it was all the

 

 

 

 

 

work of} one man: Dennis Stevens. ‘

"Dick and i have been friends for along
time." said -Stevens. Plant Director at
Albany. "i wanted to do something that
indicated that. Banners are good for
school spirit."

Stevens had the banners planned a
week ago. and was ready in Hamilton if-
the Danes had won. An hour before Fri-

.day's game. Stevens showed Dr. Moore

the banners. One minute before the end
of Friday's;garr_ie. Dr. Moore showed the
bannersmﬂ.’ ; ayers. . ' p

500.5 it  he players' minds. and
according to Cavanaugh. it was also on
Sauer’s' mind.

“It was hard for him not to have it on
his mind." said Cavanaugh. “He tried to

‘ downplay it. but with all the press he was

getting. it was tough."
Eve one knew this wasn't an ordinary,
game y any means. The local television

- stations were there to interview Sauers

after the game. as were reporters from
every local newspa er. The New York
Post ran a Small blur earlier in the week.
and the New York Times had Sauers in
the Sor is People column on Sunday.
This aSn't your average Division 111
basketball game. .

All this ex osure might give some peo-
ple swelled eads. According to Adam. if
Sauers' head did get swelled. it wouldn‘t
be for very long. -

"Maybe for an hour or so." said Adam.
But i'm sure that he‘ll have Buffalo on his
mind afterwards. He'll probably go
upstairs and look at films of Buffalo when
this is all over."

Sauers, no doubt. did do all of the
above. It didn't help the team getwin
number 501 for Sauers. nor did it win the
SUNYACs for the Danes. The next goal

the team will try~to attain will be to reach

the Final Four in the NCAA’s post-season

. Division iii tournament. That has proved

to be one goal that has eluded Sauers in
his thirty years of co 'ching.

"With the vast amount of tremendously
competitive teams in Section Ii. Di
hasn't had as many shots at a national ti-~
tle as he would have liked to have." said
Moore. "The NCAAs is of course a goal of
most teams: only five percent of the
teams ever get to go."

To the Danes' credit. Sauers and the
Danes faced the pressure of the impen=
ding 500th win better than Lefty Driesell
and his Maryland Terrapins did. It took
Driesell five games to get one victory -
not just any victory. but his 500th victory.
Driesell beat Sauers by one day: he got his
on Thursday.

Even if the Danes don't perfomras well
as they would like to in the NCAAs. they
can be satisﬁed that they fulﬁlled their
primary preseason goal. When will
Sauers look back and realize the
significance of win number 500?

"It's nice to think about it sometime in
April after a birdie putt on 18 after l've
won some money." said Sauers. But not
now. Right now. Sauers has more impor-

. El

, tant things on his mind.

 

 

 

      ,,   spam-Febmary
sauers: rst tohls, 500th

Sauers Joins Physical Education
Staff As Coge,,_Diamond Coach

The Physical Educliion staff he'- seuon. Bauers'_nthictlc ability Is not ‘
ems cninruedby on c linuted to the cage game however

rd 8 us his do as evidenced lay-BR}: tennis and
H . . . prod- baseball scorebooks.
net of Irwin. Pennsylvania. will also Join- Navy
nasumc the Job on coach of vanity After completing his four year
basketballJnd bloeblil. stay there he trnded his clip and
andqu of Slippery Rock

[in c‘

  

 

     

Sports

Buffalo State shocks Danes in 
Albon still receives NCAA bid

um u. » ...

 

 
    
 
  

 
    
  

   

  
 

  
 

 

   
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
 

 

SEPTEMBER 23, 1955: The beginnings of 1' 
a legend at Albany sung, FEBRUARY 26, 1985: Doc Sauers has

‘ . . numbor500ai last.
State Down: New Paltz 92-58,-
Garyv Holway Scores 28 Points

By BOB RAMP?

Conch Eaucrs‘ hoopsiers having shown their war on th i
court. travel to the horns cdurLs OI‘S‘IIII’DHI‘ Colleugonnd amoral: 2:13:

   
    
 
 
   
    
 

ad.

their road record (or the better as they meet Hnmur at 7:30 i l
and Queen!» on Tuesday night 'at the some time in the Oneoniﬁnglg‘rll
Last Saturday night in lhe Page
5 . L gall glyuuﬁarlulfn. kilo Pedslwullope
II! aw s o cw Pu t2 Shite
duetsmcn 088 Teachers College by n more of 9240.
S O om 31c spellilluglbnroments of the
name. was a A nuy Stale. Gary
 peﬂef Holwuy. who wound up with 28
V. F . point; at the end of the some. drop-

la  Failure

. pm the first. two points of the game
through the hoop on n lay up shot.

5
$1012 00'1086'3 l'ﬂl‘SllY basketball state was never behind from that
tomn opened its 1955-50 season lnli. mama“ Im- Thﬂ “bum? Di Cﬂlﬂﬂlll
Friduy night nt. the Union Field-
house opposan RPI in one some of '

a.

   
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

an inaugural irlulehcnder. Ii. was

It and l r State a. as the -'

Petll squenker. 6 5

wt ax: .. f . MARCH 20, 1981: Less than perfect.

Potsdam avenge: their loss in the
SUNYACs by beating Albany in the NCAA

DECEMBER 9, 1955: Doc’s first loss...and Regionals. '

his first win thanks to Gary Holway.

Plattsburg Falls, 59-48 , _
Lakérs Top’ Pe'ds‘, 76-60,- .

The powerful Sinte team who has surmounted extreme
grossure games can't seem to overcome one jinx. namely. the
swego Lnkm-s. State. ioslng’already this year to the Lakers.
and hoped that the tournament in Cortland would finally end
us Jinx. .
Throughout the firéi half the urine was ver cl 5
at half-time iho score was tied 30-d’0. y o e. and
Lakcrs Got Hot
Oswego began the second half with a hot hand as they
outscored Albany 20-9. Albany became aggressive in order to
try to make a comeback. but in doing so. made many cosilv
fouls. Oswng hit 30 out of 35 free throws including 23 in a
row. Because of the free throw lead. Albany couldn‘t catch 'up.
State. lut 36'i from lhe‘field while Oswego hit 33"?-. But
Oswch int 30 free throws and Albany only 14. Big Don Cohen

   
   

[Ail-Anmkﬁ‘
. > page

 

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
    
  
 

Albany Edges Potsdam For Conference ’l‘if
Gallo EWWHEWIFMEII I
Give Danes 60-59 Overtime Victory

‘ a nun—
IuI-nul . Ix-y.

 

... \l».

     
 

 

 

led the rebound department with 18. The individual scoring
ran as follows; .
Albsn)

 
 
 
 

 

. 2|
()ppodisuuo 1
Casey 
Bowen ..
C eilu

 
 
   

 

   

MARCH 10. 1961': Albany tops Plattsburgh
and Doc gels number 100. ~ »

M%/ﬁ

Cagerssrnash Hawks; Break Scoring Reco  '_

.u .. - Int)... 7 I

.MARCH 3. 1981: PERFECT! The Dance lop
v- Potsdam in overtime to win their first
.SUNYAC crown and a trip to the NCAAs.

 
   

 

Dick Sauers Weekend Proclaimed

minions an.“ \Aum Mi ml
mum-a mm. iuulrtmll .. In "-W- "
Uni-ruin in arm. 1... :I um. H“

Win Leaves Sauers Smi

  Record To 1 4-}? After

mumm-
Ill II at \lll \t It ill."
i aw

   

. 400th

   

  
 

nu A

y l hi. it
timer. and runllluilI-g mum. iml i

 
   
     

 

MARCH 1, 1974: The Dance smash the up-
town gym's scoring record by scoring 102
points for Doc's 3001b. V v - '~ 

Cmilis: All photos by Lackey. UPS except for page two.

FEBRUARY 8. 1980: President O’Lcary
declares February 8 - 10 1980 as chk
.~ Sauers Weekend In honor of the

am coach’s 400 wins and 25 your

 

feenunnv 1. 1980: Albany tops Pl

lower rlaht which Is by Dave lune. UP8 and page thru .
which is by Em Mouton UPS. 'bumh 70‘“ '0' number 4”. coacmng “lnf'

 

