4a Aspects

 

 

Bogie’s, located on the corner of Madison and
Ontario just behind the Big Dom's and just across
the street from my house (officially, 297 Ontario), is
smaller than it's reputation. Upon my first visit
there, i was amazed that a club so important to the
Albany music scene could be so little.

Bogie’s has been a flagstaff of the Albany music
scene since back before Fear of Strangers were
Albany’s biggest band, and the friends who lent me
their Fear of Strangers album to tape, the same ones
who took me to see the Drongos for the first time,
had always spoken of Bogie’s with nothing less than
reverential tones.

Of course, it doesn't compare to the pretentiously
redubbed Club 288 as far as actual littleness goes,
but as a club l'd been hearing about since i first
started listening to local music, l'd expected Bogie's
to be something. . .well, something big.

Fortunately, size isn't everything. Bogie's
acoustics were just fine, the crowd (it was a Monday
night Newports show) amiable, and the band very,
very good.

To clear something up, when I speak of "the
Albany music scene," l'm speaking as someone who
likes a lot of the local bands, has been to most of the
local clubs, but who isn't as deeply involved in the
whole thing as someone from WCDB might be.

Pauly’s Hotel

My friend Bob twice broke his right middle toe
twirling and dipping and dancing at l’auly's Hotel,
337 Central Ave. Both times it was during Johnny
and the Triumphs sets, though we can't remember
which songs. exactly. By the third set (earlier in the
evening crowds were more likely to creep away

than surge up) a sweaty dance floor would rise from
the tables and chairs crowded around the stage and,
already backed into a corner of the room — musi-
cians and equipment stacked and packed one on top
of the other — the stage had to push back. Part of it
is the way Bob dances, of course; but some nights
there was no control up there.

Rock 'n' Roll was only invented in '50's, though,
otherwise it would be doubtful that Pauly’s, the
oldest continually operating bar in te Albany area,
could have withstood all the wear and the tear. Built
in 1861 on the former site of a Lutheran cemetery, it
was purchased by John Pauly in [887, and remained
in the Pauly family until 1975, at which time there
were still plenty of "faithful customers" who. accor-
ding to a 1977 article in the Knickerbocker News,
"remembered 'when Legs Diamond was a customer
and the days when Democratic politicians oiled their

machine by providing free drinks . .  Pauly’s new
owners have since tried to inject some new feeling
to the establishment ~— and succeeded — though the
distinction of the most recent addition still goes to
the ladies’ room, and the side door "still carries the
iron plates added during the Prohibition to keep
police from kicking in the door." That part of
l’auly's personality is tangible in the pressed tin
walls and ceilings. in the old~fashioned Tiffany
lamps and ceiling fans. in the oak panelled bar and
tln' llltt't‘ great mirrors behind it.

But the music is what comes alive at night at
l’auly's. Tom Wilshire. introducing himself as "half-
owru'r, half-human being" described the bands as an
"t't'lutlt‘ mix" - reggae, jazz fusion, swing, rock,
blue glass, etc. Some bands have more personality
than others, and who you like will depend on your
own personality. johnny and the 'l‘riumphs have
always been my sentimental favorite, and technical‘

Therefore, having very little familiarity with band
members er club owners, i can only judge Bogie’s
subjectively.

Subjectively, it's a hell of a fun place: The music is
good (an average week at Bogie’s might feature the
Newports, Johnny Rabb, and the Sharks, with QBK
deejay Mark McGovern stopping in to spin now
and again), the dance floor is a bit small,-but the
dancers are friendly enough, and the people who
work there are nice. it's got a lot going for it.

Bogie's tries to bring in the local music,
spotlighting acts like the Newports, the Sharks, or
the Works from Syracuse. Recently; they've begun
having Johnny Rabb and the Rockers perform every
Wednesday. The music ﬁs’tays basicallvaithin the
mainstream; danceable local music that will draw a
crowd. An average Sharks appearance will pull
about 300 people into the club.

The average cover at Bogie’s is $1 or $2, although
it may skyrocket all the way to $3 if The Sharks are
playing. For the money, Bogie's is probably the best
club in Albany, especially now that Charlene Short‘
sleeve (288 Lark's old booking manager) is in
Rensselaer.

Even taking away the price, Bogie's remains one
of the most important clubs in Albany, and definite
ly one of the most fun. ‘

-John Keenan

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
     

ly they lay down some mean rockabilly. though un-
til they get some style they're never going to make it
to Solid Gold. Downtime, who played a mixture of
rock and jazz fusion last Friday night, made good
listening and drew a decent crowd, though i thought
they were pretty well summed up by my friend's
description, “tight but not amazing." We heard some
pretty fanatical reviews of the Sun Mountain Fid-
dler, who appears next at Pauly's Friday Oct. 25.
Other notables include recording artist Rory Block,
and a i9-piece swing band that entertains the crowd
with Benny Goodman, Glenn Miller, etc, on the
last Sunday of every month. Most of the bands play
in and around the upper New York State area and
range from frequent to occassional visitors to
Albany and Pauly's. The cover is $1, music starts at
around to pm and goes on until 1:30 or- 2. am.

  

 

The crowd at l’auly’s is a lot like the music mixes
between sets; lots of old favorites. but never too
predictable. it's not usually a student atmosphere,
and there‘s always a few guys with old l’uma
sneakers and gooscneck bottles clutched to their
chests; but generally it’s friendly people out to have
a good time.

 

   
  
    
    
   
  
    
   
 
   
   
     
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
 

 
  
  
 
 
 
  

 

 
 
 
  

The Ritz a stop.

Ritz a pleasant c

  
 
 
 
 
 

  . \

Food and drink are both inexpensive at Pauly's;
wings and sandwiches come highly recommended,
to say nothing of beer. Two beers come to $1.75,
and there is usually some kind of special or) beer or
mixed drinks. For early-risers or non-sleepers, there
is an 8:00 am Happy Hour every day except Sun-
day. There also seem to be great recreational
possibilities in the long shuffle board table, parallel
to the bar as you walk in the door (House Rule 7 ——
Losers buy beer checks for all players.)

The other night a buddy raved' to me about a
crazy fiddler who played at an ancient bar
downtown, trying to articulate an experience that is
peculiarly l’auly's: all in vain, of course, just because
a good time anywhere is impossible to describe, be-
ing so dependent on time and place, atmospehere,
etc. ~~ mostly on just being there. i knew what he
meant though. Once i got hooked on Pauly’s. l'd
come in the door nights, peer into the long half-lit
rectangle of a room that ends in a loud smoky corn-
motion at the back, and, with the right band and the
right tricnds, without being able to explain it. l'd
know exactly what it was all about.

-Willlanr Schor

   
  

o ' . ’ ' - o

Puttln’ on the Ritz

Upstairs at 8 Central AvenueJJPufting on the R:
has yet to catch on in Albany in abig way, but th
doesn’t seem to keep the crowds away. While dan
ing on the black and white checkered, elevated floo
is the main draw, club owners Delores Bianchin
and Kash Murray also bring bandsto‘ the club
even have an acoustic open mike night.

Typical complaints include the small size of tlr
club and the infamous people that sprout up in tlr
middle of the dance floor, but these faults are minq
when you consider the steady stream of new must
that flows through on a regular basis. Besides li
D.J.'s, including the infamous Shack, bands like i
Replacements, the Del Fuegos' and local acts
Connection and Who Likes What, have all madr

 
  
 
  
  
    
   
  
    
  
 
   
 
    
  
  
  
   
     
   
 
 

   
    
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
    

Competition from other area bars and clubs seem
to draW’ 'away most from Puttin’ on the Ritz, but‘
you’re'wtlling to forego your usual weekend (a
weeknight) hang-out, you may. find Puttin’ on th

 
 

 

   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
   

288 Lark

stage. '-

  
 

club scene.

  

bands is still being played.

  
  

 

; ‘_ photos y Ke

 

m...

 
  
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 

 

  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  

 

 

 

nny Kirsch and Mark Vacarelli‘

Cafe Loco

Sunday evening. What to do? What to do? Hmm.
Maybe a movie? No. Dancing? No. How 'bout some
acoustic music? That would hit the spot, but where
to go? Oh yes, Cafe Loco. .

Last semester Bob Phaneuf began a concert series

. at his quaint Madison Avenue Mexican Restaurant.

He was upset that Albany had no "Listening Room"
for acoustic musicians and receptive audiences.
Since he wasn’t open on Sunday nights he decided
to make it happen. .

With help from the folks at the Town Crier Cafe,

' t he and his partner Marcia Tolive learned the ropes

of booking and presentation and set themselves on
their merry way. The ihitial run featured, among
others, Jorma Kaukonen (in an unplanned electric
set), Odetta, John 'Hammond, and Country Joe
McDonald. Oregon also performed a date in mid-
summer prior- to their performance at SPAC.

The success of the shows has forced Phaneuf to
move the performance site to the E.B.A.
Chapterhouse on the corner of Hudson and Lark.
Concerts begin at 9:00 pm and are limited to about
200 seats. The rest of this fall‘s series includes the
David Mallet Band on Oct. 13, le Taylor on Oct.
20, Greg Brown on Nov. .3, Tamuantinsuyo on Nov.
10, Mose Allison on Nov. 24, and Taj Mahai on
Nov. 15.

Mexican dinners are served before the perfor-
mances. and appetizers and drinks are served
throughout the night.

'Although many clubs feature local acoustic musi-

cianspCafe Loco is the only local venue consistently r

presenting well known acoustic performers.
~Mike Eek

in the past, 288 Lark had always been the "tren-
dy" place to go. You could hear the best new music
and hang out and watch the interesting people, i.e.
V punk-rockers with the most original and bizarre hair-
cuts and clothing. You could go there and be
yourself and have an all out good time even if 95
percent of the time the tiny ‘dance floor was

. unbearably crowded. And occassionally they would
get a good band there (live music, local and national,
is featured three nights a week.) i have fond -

. memories of the nights i spent struggling to push

and look over other people's shoulders to catch a

glimpse of the likes of 10,000 Maniacs and an a

amazing California garage band named True West

performing on a one foot off the ground, closet size

Then, after three and a half years of maintaining
this uniquely appealing sleazy atmosphere, 288
changed. After seeing the futuristic ads on cable for
"the new 2887 t’wasn’t certain about what to expect.
Would. i be treated .to a Twilight Zone-esque
journey into other-Worldliness or else let down in
the form of overexaggerated, misguided hype? The
end is close to the latter, as an attempt to become
Albany's answerto the chic, New York, neon light

Since i had been there about a year ago, some
positive changes had occurred. The dance floor is as
crowded as ever, but only when a popular song is
being played. A new third floor bar and an outside,
, warm weather patio are welcome additions for
alleviating part of the squooshed atmosphere. The
.old milk carts hanging on the upstairs wall do
generate a peculiar warmth and the cardboard
figures of old, gangster-like men are, if nothing else,
interesting features next to the stage/dance floor.
Part of the second floor has been cut away to create
space for the audience interested in seeing a new
band perform. And the new music in the form of
the Smiths. the Replacements, New Order and like

But despite the "newness" and apparent fresh

  

 

 

  
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
   
 
  
  
     
   
    

  

quality of Club.288, there was something ironically
missing there Saturday night. The old "trendy"
crowd has been replaced by a new “trendy” crowd. i
suppose the owners’ attempt to appeal to a broader
crowd, from their point of view, can be perceived as
a success. Sure, there were a handful of punk-
rockers, but at the same time there were an inor-
dinate amount of yuppie-type people clothed in the
latest Guess designs. The sleaze is gone from 2.88. in
its place is designer fashion and style. Yes, there's a
new club in Albany. it’s not for everybody. But if
you want to go out and spend $3 to dance or see a
new band ($1.75 Buds) and get a good look at the
beautiful people, then it may just be the place for
you.

-Marc Penton

Duck Soup

The other club that has received much attention
lately is Duck Soup on 4th-Street in Rensselear. Un-
fortunately, it's location means it can only be reach-
ed by car. Opened during the summer and booked
by the ex-manager of 288, it is attempting to serve
as an alternative to the popular clubs in Albany and

  
  

Aspects 5a

Troy. No doubt it is a decent competitor with clubs
288 and Puttin' on the Ritz. it has the potential to be
a carbon copy of both, yet so far it is avoiding such
simple categorization. If anything it resembles the
Old 288.

People descend upon Duck Soup just to hang out
and have fun. And the old 288 crowd seems to have
migrated over there as well, a diverse assortment of
people decked in'anything' from blue jeans and flan-
nel shirts to ripped t-shirts and workouts. My friend
and i went on a Sunday night. We ordered a $5 bot-
tle of champagne, sat at the bar and drank, and took
it all in. Not once was it ever dull or predictable. A
local performer was going psychadelic on an
acoustic guitar, this an interlude between the open-
ing and headlining acts.

i took a walk around and examined the setup. The
mood was right, but there still seemed to be some
problems with the club. One was that despite its am-
ple size, the square shaped bar was placed about 12
feet from the stage. i was there on a night when
there was 40 or 50 people. if it were a night when a
more popular band like the Chesterfield Kings'or
Del Fuegos were performing, it would become dif-
ficult to see the stage. People would have to stand
next to it, where the view would be obstructed, or
look across from the other side of the bar. And the 1
am. starting time for the main act was a bit late for
anyone on a Sunday night. The managers cannot
forget this is Albany, not New York, and people
have to get up and go to work or school the next
day. On a Friday or Saturday night, however, the
starting time would be perfect.

As for Duck Soup, there’s tremendous potential
there. A $3 — $4 admission charge ($1.25 Buds) to
see some of the freshest original new music is dif-
ficult to beat anywhere. And despite some problems
it still must work to overcome, it may be the best
thing to have hit the Capital District in a very long
time.

-Marc Fenton

Note: Duck Soup has just instituted the Duck Shut-
tle. This fifteen passenger van will provide free
transportation to and from the club. The shuttle will
operate on a regular timetable stopping at RFi,
SUNYA, Lark SL, and the club itself. Call Duck
Soup for details.

-M.E.

 

 

 

20th.

’5 Theatre

On a warm July night in 1982 a criminal fire dash-
ed the hopes of Albany music lovers to the ground
' right next to the charred rafters. J.B. Scott's had
burned. Ever since then a glassy-eyed sigh of
memory and regret has separated the initiated from
the inquisitive . . . until now.

J.B..Scott’s is back, in fact if not in spirit, as the all
new J.B.'s Theatre. Owners Doug Jacobs and Vinnie
Birbiglia have made the former Wheels Plus Roller
Rink, located behind Westgate shopping plaza, into
a music club with triple the capacity (2,400) of the
. old J.B.'s. Almost comparable in size to the Palace
Theatre, it has already become the major club in
Albany bybringing in acts such as Squeeze, R.E.M.,
and the Ramones.

The owners are working with Northeast Concert
. rather than doing all their own booking. All types of
entertainment will be represented, they say, if the
response warrants it. October's 'concerts include
Nick Lowe, X, and an Albany Hunger Benefit on the

J .B.

J.B.’s Theatre has a unique alcohol policy. Anyone
17 or older'with valid identification will be admit-
ted. A separate bar area is enclosed and only those
above the legal drinking age will be allowed to
enter. This policy will continue, with few excep-
tlons, when the drinking age increases to 21 in
December.

if you're looking for a quiet place to talk or a
cheap place to hangout, J.B.'s is not it. On the other
' hand, it is the only place to go to see bigger acts that
pass through town. And just as it did years ago, J.B.'s
Theatre is putting Albany back on the music map.

 

 
   
 
    
 
   
    
   
 
    
 
    
   
   
 
    
   
    
     
    
     
 
  
 

 
 

 
      
    
 

 

~Mtke Eck

 

  

     
 

 

  

