 

 

 

 

 

My night

If I could take back the night: .
—— I would take back the night that I really
wanted ice cream but it was after ten o’clock
and even a walk around the block would
have been a risk. ‘
— I would take back the night that someone
followed me home and then stood, blocking
my door, until my friend’s boyfriend came
out and chased him away. _
— I would take back the night that my
friend was attacked on her way home from
shopping.
— And I would take back all those nights
that nothing frightening happened, but I
still walked in fear, with sweaty palms, my
eyes fixed on the path ahead, telling myself
that there was nothing but a stray cat hiding
in the shadows, telling myself that the man I
noticed in back of me just happened to be
going in my direction and at my pace. Only
the knowledge that every step was one step

- closer to home, where there would be light -

and i would feel safe, kept me from
panicking. .

-— I would take back all those nights I walk-
ed with a man, grateful for the escort, yet
resentful that I had to depend on him, and
angry that the night makes me helpless in
some ways. .

— I would take back the nights that have
robbed me of my freedom: the ominous
darkness dictating when, where, how, and
with whom I could go out.

— And I would take back all those nights
that every woman has suffered through
these indignities, her plans limited in every
way by the setting of the sun, her. in-
dependence temporarily giving way to an
after-dark helplessness she can’t overcome.

Tonight, at 7 pm, I will take back the
night. I will join with other women from the
capital district in a march to reclaim» the
streets. We’re meeting on the State Capitol
steps. From there we’ll march through
downtown Albany. enjoying the safety that
comes in numbers, for once. not afraid of
what’s lurking in the shadows, or around
the next corner.

It may be little more than a symbolic
demonstration of the anger I often feel
when I’m afraid to go out, but I’ll be at
tonight’s march because. despite all the
beautiful sunsets that lead to nightfall, and
all the special moments that only a moonlit
starry night can create, and the sight of
Manhattan’s night lights that always leaves
me in awe, if I could take back the night, I
think I probably would:

.5' '/ .v   :11,‘

Their night

i want to take back the night. if only by
going to the State Capitol tonight to show
my support for the women who march.
because I resent a society that puts some of
my friends in danger, simply because
they’re women.

And I want to take back the night because
a woman should have the same rights as I
do: to walk under the stars when the nights
are cool, or just to walk to chopper if she
realizes she needs milk and it's after dark.

Men won't be invited to march tonight.
The women will go together. without men,
where they wouldn't dare to be alone. And
I'll sit there on the Capitol steps as a show
of my support, as I did last year, happy for
my friends. Happy because tonight they will
triumph over the violence that reigns in the
night.

i

, .
"NI/"'1. \.”.((t’ I'Lt\-'

 

  
  
   

 

 

 

A
I

 


at



\. _.
 f/rflﬁrl' 1w
1W... 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

smooths

 

 

If 

x...
.

    

       

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Road Not

The applause was thunderous at times. A hundred. two
hundred-a sea of faces. They had come out for a rally, a
protest.

 

 Anastasi l

 

Although they were but a small, fraction of SUNYA’s
enrollment, at that moment, they seemed terribly power-
ful. Was it that they were the only ones concerned? Cer-
tainly many were oblivious. but surely with an enrollment
of over [6,000, there must be more who cared.

Of course there were. As the chants rose around me,
the masses crying, “SUNY Divestl SUNY Divest!" I
wondered if I should join them.

As the chills ran up and down my spine, I sat in silence
pondering their power, their knowledge, and their goals.
More people than I had thought expected an immediate
reaction to this rally.

The question in my mind. as the applause rose and fell
was-ls this the answer? By encouraging-no, demanding?

-dis‘investment, weren’t we turning our backs on our age-

old system of capitalism? ,

Weren't we attempting to control our money after it
was out of our hands? Isn't there some other way which
wouldn't abandon freedoms for which we had strived so
long and hard?

'I am not saying that South Africa should be allowed to
remain manacled by apartheid-I am not blind to the hot-
rors suffered daily. I merely question our means of
achieving our goals of abolishing apartheid.

ls disinvestment the answer - pulling out money which
supports the white majority? Needn't we concentrate
more on encouraging no further investment instead of
demanding disinvestmcnt upon deaf ears?

One speaker called the crowd “the conscience of the

Taken

80’s."ls it this conscience which mindlessly chants

“Dive‘st SUNY now." upon demand, while choosing to‘:'

igno. -. the oppressed and starving of oar own nation? If
we are the conscience can't we find another way-which
would work? One which involved positive action and

results. rather than shows of power? A
‘ Surely any method chosen would result in an uphill
fight. However, it would not be the first time such a battle

' was won. . - - '
Rather than destroy themselves and their country. let
South Africa’s population unite and mobilize itself.

. Assuredly, it would not be easy, and it would most likely
have to‘be done covertly-Yet. the long-term resultsof

such a coalition could be fantastic. , _.

Instead of warring factions separately ﬁghting a “Big
Brother” government, let the minority unite and, as the
American colonists once had to so, fight back with their
wits and reason. _

If it comes to bloodshed. as it did in America, let that
be.a last resort, after all intellectual avenues have-proved
dead ends.

There also seems to be a prevalent need for a defintion
of the minority’s ultimate goals. Without a clear explana-
tion of what it is they want, it may be difﬁcult to en-
courage the masses to support means other then violence.
With a structured group of principles, their progress
toward their overall goal of replacing the present regime
(or, at the very least, Imposing equality upon'it) will be
more easily seen. ,

As I began to leave the rally, with these thoughts racing
through my mind, I was approached by someone who
wanted me to buy a subscription to a newspaper called
The Militantsls this what it's all coming to? To win this
war for freedom. we must overcome evils by using our
brains, not by becoming militants.

 

 

Do you have an interesting topic to discuss?
Submit “columns” to the ASP c/o the editorial

pages editor or drop it by CC 329.

 

 

 

 

I ".l Ali. ;;

‘srs'rxtsas‘yarni
.. ..v..... ..

Mexican”; 5  lief
Tothe‘Edlton’f  o . " V

Even after a personal inspection of the devastation
caused -by the earthquakes that ravished Mexico .City last
month.—it is difficult for me to fathom the ektent of

human misery they sowed. The massive tremors
destroyedjhundreds of buildings, leaving in their wake

more than 5500 dead. over L8000 wounded. I many -
thousands missing, and hundreds of thousands homeless. 1

unemployed., or. both. Despite the 50,000 volunteers and
goverrimentlaborers working around the clock to save as
many victims. as possible. the. stench of human bodies
decomposing hung heavily over the most affected areas in'
a matter of days. Hundreds left Without homes or belong-
ings = stood rvigil by ~ the remnants of their old
neighborhoods, others. too‘dazed to make sense of their
shattered lives. were led to private and were led to private

. and public shelters. Some. traumatized by the over-

whelming nature of their personal loss, began to wander
aimlessly around the city, with-family in tow, in the midst
of ambulances. volunteer emergency yehicles. and
curious sightseers. v ‘ ,

The quakes hit the poor and the middle class..But those
with feiver resources suffered and will suffer more and
longer. Many of the poor were either unemployed or had
marginal 'or casual employment. neither of which can
yeild a paycheck, hOWever delayed. on the next payday.
The indigent are particularly likely to be without ade-
quate potable water. as the long lines at the public faucets

and distribution trucks in less affluent areas make clean.

And the poor, lacking in insurance, savings, education,
mobility, or networks will be left with only basic govern-
ment assistance for the long and difﬁcult process of put-.
ting their lives back in order. Nonetheless, however much
they may be missing in material means. the needy ex—
hibitcd immense human resources. They have been on the

front lines of‘the volunteer brigades and provided much“

of the leadership needed in the ﬁrst days ‘of the chaos.
Their strong sense of rootedness in their neighborhoods
may yet prevail over government attempts,‘ already pre-
sent, to dislodge them from the inner city and eject them
into impoverished rural areas. As a sign of popular
mobilization to come, many of the neighborhood or-
phans and homeless children of those missinghave been
jealously guarded by poor local mothers, who", notiiifre-
quently. have refused to permit government ofﬁcials to
take them away to be put in shelters or in the homes of

’1 aspirates

Established In 1010

 

Heidi J. nniio. Edllor In Cnlel
x been Chung. John Keen-n. Mannalng Edllcrs

 

Ailcln Clmbon Jlmel o-‘sulllv'm
no Welnlloln

l nmn Ginsberg
...lan Spelllno
Mum I'llllu mm.“ Eek

' are Barman. Krlrline Bauer
..................... ..Jouph Fuooo
n. Ben or Edllar

Nerve Editor»
Aelooleio N
asmru nun:

  
  
 

 

Edlloriel Poole editor"

 

contributing Edltoro Dun Belt. Wayne Pnroboorn. Editorial Assistants:
Ken Domblurn. Belle Dumbo. Blll Jacob. Fern Schulterrnen. D'nvld Werthelm
Sleil miter-t Kenn Beck. Rachel are-low. Leslie Chelt. Doreen Clerk. Inn
Clemente. Pun Conway. Mlko Dennensiry. Noni Glnrbero, LInJeeiloi. Stacey
K-rn. John Lebele. Corey Levlien. J. Michael Mal-c. Mlohul Skolnlck

Heroic Menthol. Buelnou Mel-reper-
Utopia-rile boheneul. Auoolnlo dullness Mmmr
- Jeolrl Ildierllry. Advert/slug Manner
non Fletcher. Bel-o Murmur
Illllu e '-
‘ E u I n n
" w mm: Diliberio
Advertising [deer-Kmn Ami-r, Frank Bole. Drew Fling. illeh Llll. Michelle
Plllti Advertising Production: Oreo Iehrendl. Jlil Gentile. James Horner,
Mlurl Keiletl. Keith Krluphto, snuon Rood. Eris Roth Ollie. Bil": Andy
Cohen. Amy aliber. Rob Merinrﬂl

'Mtriolo W‘Pmdwllon Manna-r
cm“ Inn-allot Innnnlnn Dlmuuu
Typisil: Joan Christi-no. Jodl Juobe. Pun Sir-user. holdup: Lln Bork-on.
Kirsten Oriel, Even Hlnu. E. Phillip Hoover. D. Darrel Blot. M.D.Thcmp|on,
aonll Vslontln cmuileur: Jlrn Lolly

Phoioorephy principally luppllld by University Pholo lervloo. A student

rou .
glint Photo'rephen Kenny Klrruh ure In": Mlohnl Ask-mun. ahul Alb-rt.
Myrn- Brnyo, John Curry. Lynn Drollus. Chuck Ginsberg. Em Mcurer. Mllii
Medlevllll. Lln Blmmono, Unnn Bpertlno. Erlcl aplrool. Tonya Bteels.
Now-rd Tyoer. Merit VIOIMUI

lntln content: copyright nu Albany lludenl Prose Carper-tion. ell riohll
reserved.

The Albany Student Press I. publllned Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany diudent Prue Corporallon. en Ind-pendent
nctvlor-proilt corporsllon.

Editorials ere written by the Editor in Ohlei wllh members oi the Edliorlrl
Board; pulley Ir subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
can not necessarily rellecl editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany studenl Prlll. CO 820
.1400 Wuhlnolon Ave.
Alhlny. NV 12222
(Old) «amusement:

 

 

strangers. . ‘

The anticipated cost of reconstruction could reach one
billion dollars. muchof which will have t be provided by
foreign governments and banking Institutr ‘ s. This large
sum will be needed to rebuild hospitals, public housing,
and sources of employment; in the meantime. we need to
keep in mind the real human suffering taking‘place right
now and our capacity to relieve some of it immediately.
Mexico is currently responding to the emergency with all

the resources at its disposal;'however, money for the .

myriad, immediate necessities to keep body and soul
togetheris serer needed. Financial assistance is required

for, short and long term shelters to be built before the cold

‘ winter nights begin.

Money is also heeded to assist in the reconstruction of
neighborhoods; to help in the difﬁcult task of reuniting

' lost children and family members; to provide special care

forchildren. the elderly, and the destitute; and to supple-
ment the work of volunteers working to save, mind and
protect 'the‘ lives of thousands of traumatized Mexicans.
The proper moral' response to the great suffering of
others is our generous sacrifice. I urge you all to help our
neighbors in need by contributing to Fuerza Latina's
Mexicoearthquake relief projects on campus. v
‘ — J. Jorge Kior tie Alva
Professor PRLACS and Anthropology

If you. drink

To the Editor:

With the change in~New York’s alcohol purchase age
rapidly approaching, all of us in the marginal age bracket
should remember to be responsible drinkers if, despite the
law. we decide to continue to drink. For the last ﬁve
years, due'largely to increased alcohol awareness and
education, less than one percent of New York state's 18 to

"‘Ziy-Vyear-olds have been involved in alcohol related ac-

cidents per year.

Perhaps the prohibition of alcohol purchases by legal
adults under 21 is not the best way to handlé‘the problem
created by drunk drivers. but the overall purpose of this
law is invariably a worthy one: the reduction of alcohol

.- related fatalities. As the victim of a drunk driver . I speak

"with personal knowledge of the‘devastating effect a drunk
driver can have not only on himself, gut on passengers
and/or other motorists as well. .

With public attention, presently focused on student
rights and what can be done to protect them. it is im-
perative that each of us do every thing possible to protect
our rights now. But also, it is equally imperative that if
we decide to drink, we do it with the responsibility that we
claim to deserve and try so vehemently to protect.

- Mark Russel

Hockey kudos

». To the Editor:

' I would like to take this opportunity to thank Marc
Berman, ASP Sports Editor, for his terriﬁc article on the
accomplishments of the Ice Hockey Team. We've come a

long way in a short-time and contributions such as his , _

over'ihe past two years ’should never go unrecognized.

The article, however. neglected to mention an in-
dividual who, with others. is directly responsible for the
success and great strides of this team on and off the ice.
He is Charter-member, Vice-President and team captain.
Rich Diem. In our organization he has spanned the levels
of enthusiasm from poster pinning and meeting organiz-
ing to being the catalyst during team work-outs. He is a
man who defines the terins team player and leader and his
acconiplishments and contributions should never go
unrecognized or unrewarded.

Thanks‘so much, Rich, on behalf of the entire Albany
State Ice Hockey Team. and here's looking forward to a
very successful season.

-— Paul H.Essner
Albany State Ice Hockey Team

Not an issue

To the Editor:

There are times when delicate situations seem to be
unapproachable, but I have no reservations approaching
this situation. I am referring to, perhaps the most eye-
opening tragedy to strike SUNYA, the disappearance of
Karen Wilson.

On March 27,1985 there was a handful of people who
had forgotten the entire world and had only one question
[on their minds: “What happened to Karen?" Six months
later. we still don’t know, but we haven’t forgotten
Karen. .

This is what provokes my letter. It seems that some
people are confused about Karen’s situation. I would
like to say a few things in hopes of clarifying any
misinterpretations, most importantly I would like to
make a distinction: First, there was Karen then there was
the disappearance of Karen.

There is quite a difference between the aforemention-
ed. On the one hand there is Karen Wilson the person,
On the other. there is Karen Wilson the issue.

I respectfully request that people, and organization, re-
main consciously aware of this differentiation. “It may
be too late for Karen Wilson. but it’s not too late for
you" (October I ASP ) is a prime exemple of my
objection.

I don't make this request as “Karen’s RA" nor do I
make this request as “the guy who lives across the hall."
I make this requestas a very close friend who remembers
Karen as Karen, and as someone who refers to as such,
not a political issue.

Six months ago Karen was a SUNY student, not a
SUNY issue.

— Rich Cantwell

Defends rally

To the Editor:

I would like to respond to a letter that appeared in the
October 1, I985 issue of the ASP. by Mr. Nicholas Green.
Mr. Green, it seems, was greatly perturbed by the fact
that his Astromomy Club meeting on September 23, 1985
was interrupted by protest for SUNY divestment held
outside the Campus Center. Mr.'Green in his letter im-
plied that the protest was a pep rally of misguided ig-
noramuses, whose only accomplishment was to drown
out the beautiful music of the spheres being discussed in
the Physics Building.

That someone would have the audacity, even in his
most intimate, unspoken thoughts, to equate a meeting of
the Astromomy Club, during which members were in-
structed on how to use a telescope, with a protest calling
for the end of funding the most blatantly racist govern-

' ment of the century is beyond me. The disfunctioning of a

twisted mind is something I shall leave to the Psychology
majors to ponder.

Those of us'out on the podium that night. as well as
those of us who stood in the rain outside of SUNY Cen-
tral the next morning were voicing our “single opinion"

because in this country. we can. The people of South
Africa are murdered everyday at athe hands of a govern-
ment funded by American dollars — our American
dollars. If we feel this is wrong we have the right to say
so. whether it disturbs the Astronomy Club or not. If it
were not for protestors throughout history like the ones at
SUNY, asinine comments like Mr.Green‘s could not be
voiced in this country without someone’s head getting
bashed in with a stick.

It is very easy for people. perhaps. to turn their heads
from places in the world like South Africa and instead to
look up at the stars. When the sky comes crashing down
on them one day. it won’t be because of anything they
ever studied in astronomy.

We might all be dust one day. as Mr. Green suggests,
and those stars might still be up there. but without these
“short-lived" protests now. they won't be looking down
on such a pretty world.

— Hope Plllere

 

for verification.

 

Letters to the Editor should be
brought to CC 329 with your
name, address and phone number

 

 

LET YOURSELF BE HEARD.

 

 

