  

 

 

l‘x

. :‘ -. w
- ' ~- Lung
‘~~ r. 9. 2 \~

 

 
 

 

Orestes Destrade tries to live up to
his potential as a Yankee phenom

By Dean Chang
.\l.\.\‘\<.'.'.\‘lf Hilli‘ﬂ
Hollywood...l-‘lorida

"Strike three!" i '

Orestes Destracle heard the words ringing in his
ears. words that mean failure for a baseball batter.
words that Destrade had heard once'too often last
year. a year he would rather keep behind him.

Destrade walked slowly to the bench. bat in
hand. Two years ago. that hat was a lethal
weapon. prompting the New York Yankees to pro-
tect him on their 40-man roster last year. a con-
siderable achievement for a first baseman in
Single~A ball. But last year. Destrade's bat shot
blanks. at least by the standards used to judge
major-league rospects. .

Playing for the Fort Lauderdale Yankees in 1983.
Destrade batted .292 with 18 home runs. 74 runs
batted in and 82 walks. earning him a promotion
to the Yankees‘ Double-A farm club in Nashville
the following year. But a slow start put Destrade
back into Fort Lauderdale. a city he had next
hoped to visit in spring training as a New York
Yankee.

"Mentally. he was a little bit down." said Dave
LaRoche. former pitching coach of the Fort Lauder-
dale team. now coach of the Albany-Colonic
Yanks. Destrade's new team. "He had a good year
before. and he didn't feel he belonged there."

According to Destrade. Nashville didn't give him
a fair chance. "They tried to pla me in left field in
Nashville." said Destrade. "'1‘ at hindered me.
They probably felt that at my height. 1 moved fair~
ly well. [didn‘t mind it. but the knew lwasn't a
bonafide outfielder. They shoul ‘ve stuck with me
a little more: they gave up on me a little too
quickly.“

"it's a grounder to first. the throw to the pitcher
covering. and Destrade ls out at first.“

Better than last time. but still not what the
Yankees are expecting from .this 22-year old
switch-hitter. At Nashville. Destrade batted .240
with six home runs and only 12 runs batted in. At
Fort Lauderdale. he hit 12 home runs with 57 hills.
but batted only .221. Numbers like that do not
make major-league prospects: the Yankees did not
place Destrade on t e 40-man roster this year.

"That came as no surprise to me." said Destrade.
"1 didn't feel i deserved to. and i came to camp
with that thought in mind. i was happy to be pro-
tected on the Triple-A roster."

Unhappy with himself. Destrade decided to
spend the off-season in Columbia playing winter
ball. a move that made sense to the Yankees.

"You get a chance to play against higher compett
tion." said Roy White. the Yankees' Assistant
General Manager. "There are guys there that pla
in the majors: the pitchers have better contro.
Most of the winter leagues are close to Tri le~A."

Destrade redeemed himself in Columbia. atting
.3” with 12 home runs and 40 little; in only 45
games. restoring his self-confidence... v '-

"1 think the Yanks took notice of what i did."
said Destrade. "l've shown them that We made a
turnaround."

  

 

 

 

 

    
 

"Crack!" '

The sound was unmistakable: the 6‘4".
2 iD-pound Destrade watched as the ball flew over
the right‘field fence as he rounded the bases his
next time up. This is what the Yankees had hoped
for when they signed him as a free agent out'of a
junior college in Florida three and one-half years
ago.

"He has unlimited offensive potential." said
LaRoche. "Once he gets confidence in himself.
he'll start blossoming. if he ever harnessed his
ability. he can hit 30 home runs and 100 RBIs in
the majors every year. if."

if. A man's career depends on a two-letter word.
The talent is obviously there: witness the seeming-
ly effortless swing it took to propel one of Raw]-
ing's finest more than 350 feet away. Destrade is
out to prove that last year was a fluke.

"i'm confident that i can play at a major-league

level." said Destrade. "But for now. i‘m trying to '
- think present. 1 want to do well in Albany. and

hopefull bring a championship to them."

Even i Destrade‘ puts up the numbers expected
of him. there‘s no guarantee of him ever becoming
a New York Yankee. Someone named Don Mat-
tingly gives the impression that he might be
around for a few years at first base.

"The Yankees are a tough organization." said the
man his teammates call ‘0'. "if you‘ve made it
with them. you've made it with the best. Donny
Mattingly is the first baseman ofthe future: my on-
ly chance is if they move him to the outfield.“

Despite having arguably the best hitter in
baseball in front of him. Destrade never lets the
futility of his situation get to him.

"You can‘t be thinkinv like that." said Destrade.
"You have a job at han . and you have to do it. ill
thought like that. i‘d give up. lfl can't make it with
the Yankees. i'm hoping some other teams will
notice me. But right now. i‘m giving the Yankees
110 percent." ’

Last year Destrade played with Mark Johnston. a
longtime minor~leaguer who gained notoriety for
being on the Late Night with David Letterman
show. Johnston spoke of a different baseball
world. one that most baseball fans were unaware
of; the glitter of the majors has not rubbed off on
the minor-league system.

Johnston. who is no longer with the Yankee
organization. was Destrade's lockermate in Fort
Lauderdale.

“He's a very interesting type of guy."
remembered Destrade. “He was in the minors for
seven. eight years. so he's seen a lot. You have to
love the game to stay that long."

Destrade has no such plans. in seven or eight
years. you will either see him in a major-league
uniform. or you will not see him at all.

"There‘s only so tnuch you can do in the
minors." said Destrade. "i wouldn't like to be
there for more than two or three years further. i
feel i‘m only one solid car from the b 

Still. Destrade woul n't trade his ester for
anything. except for maybe a chance to play in the

l db

I By Dean Chang

L MANAGING ‘soiroir

 

. ‘ ‘ ‘ ’ ‘ Hollywood. Florida
Look out Albany. Here comes the Yankees. ‘

I. v No. you won’t see names like Winfield. Henderson and Mattingly in the
line-up. How about Destrade. Hughes and Lombardi? The way the New

York Yankees are‘playing. those names might be interchangeable this

ear. »
yThe coaching team of Barry Foote and Dave LaRoche will be seeking
their second pennant in as many tries: the two led the Class-A Fort
Lauderdale Yankees to a title last year in the Florida State League.

What the team lacked in talent. it made upin desire and hustle. two
things that you can expect to find in any team Foote manages.

"Barry Foote baseball is very a ressive baseball." said Foote. "We‘ll
steal. even steal home. break up ouble plays - we'll do things the way
the old players did. We'll always take the extra base: we want to dictate
the ame to the other team. rather than have them dictate to us."

when the players step on the field. they know what Foote expects from
them. especially those who played under him in Fort Lauderdale.

"Between those white lines." said Foote pointing to the first and third
base lines. "it's 'war. After the game. you can go out to dinner. But if you
don‘t break up a double play because the second baseman is your friend.
you can walk." '

Of the 24 players on the roster. 15 of them played for Foote and LaRoche
at one point last year. Some believe that the transition from Single-A to
DoubleA is the hardest one a player will have to make in his pro career.

“Between those whiteJines'it’s
out to, dinner. But if you don-ft

the second baseman is your
friend. you can walk. ”
-— BarrylalFoote

. awhile Lindsey saw time

  

war. After the game you can. go 

break up a double play because .‘

  

AlbanyL-COIonie Yankeesplay Foote-ball

. Ebehind the plate. Lombardi is probably the best prospect on the team.

.a-

expect 75. 80 R315 and. 10 to. 15

They'll do a good job defensively. throwin

 

at'all three minorsleague levels last year.
"We'll be strong defensively and offensivel behind the’plate." said
,Foote. a former catcher. "They should have bi

homeruns ._ cm the hive of them.

disappointed and they'll be disappointed if they don't."

Firsthase: Orestes Destrade might be the most naturally talented
player on the team. Coaches use glowing terms to describe the switch-
hitting power hitter who is coming off a disappointing year.

“Destrade is on the brink of h

aving the season we think he can

have." said Foote. "He's capable of hitting 20 home runs and 100 R315

r us.”

Second Base: Like Destrade and many other of his teammates. Ron
Chapman played in Fort Lauderdale last year. hitting .260 in 281 at
bats.

"Chapman is very aggressive.

" said Foote. "He makes things

happen. He manufactures runs. and is as fast as anyone in camp. He'll

do a good job for us."

Shortstop: Matt Gallegos saw
Double-A team. which was in Na

  

limited action for the Yanks/est
shville last ear. The-SanFranciSco

 

 

 

seasons alternating: 1 ~ maze a
_ ' sandwlc ‘ed between two practice sessions — was
g. people 'out. 111 be

 

Foote disagrees.

“To me. there is no real adjustment." said Foote. "They won‘t be able to
make as many mistakes as the did last year. but there really aren't any
problems there. The only di erence is that they‘ll be seeing quality
pitching every night." '

Under LaRoche's guidance. the Yankees will also be getting some
quality pitching. Out on the practice fields. it's hard to tell LaRoche from
one of his pitchers: when the team does wind sprints. you can find
LaRoche participating. You might think that the Yankees would not want
the creator of LaLob teaching young pitchers. but evidently LaRoche is
doing something right.

“My philosophy is to be as simple as 1 can with the kids." said LaRoche.
"i'm not oing to fool myself into thinking that i'm the smartest person in
tihe worl . Hopefully. 1 can use the experience i have and attempt to help
t em."

And when will LaRoche start teaching his pupils LaLob?

"When l'm ready to leave as pitching coach.“ answered Lalloche.
"When they see it in New York. l'm gone. These players don't have the
‘right mentality yet. anyway. You have to be walking on the edge."

When you lay with the Yankees. you're often on the edge. Ask Bobby
Meacham. w 0 found himself in Double-A‘after a bad day in the field. if a
Meacham suddenly ends up on Foote's doorstep. Foote will know' how to
handle it. ,

“A kid like that could have some psychological problems." said Foote.
"it's part of the game. Adversity is certainly part of being with the
Yankees. 1 treat them all equally."

Foote promises the team will be competitive in the Eastern League. a
league that hasn't seen a Yankee farm club since 1979. With the talent that
the team has. and with Foote and LaRoche leading the way. the Yankees
might be a little more than just competitive. ,

 

native hit .203 in 79 at-bats.

"He's a real hard-nosed type of player." said Foote. "He was voted

the best hustler in the Southern League a couple of years ago. i expect

him to do a good job."

i , ‘ .
Third Base: Mark Blaser split last season between Fort Lauderdale
and Nashville. batting a combined .254 with 13 homers and 69 runs
ba‘tted in.

‘l‘He‘s the‘type of player who will provide some offense: he's a
steady player. said Foote. “We should get 15 home runs and 75 RBis

out of him."

Out

Left field: Brad Winkler was imp

a collective .298 with 19 home runs and 77 runs batted in with Fort

field

ressive last year in Single-A. batting

Lauderdaie and Greensboro. both Class-A teams.

“1 can see his potential." said Foote. "He should ﬁgure big by the

end of the year. He‘ll get 15 born

e runs. maybe 70 [this or more."

Centerfieldr Gary Cathcart played for the Oneonta Yankees last year.

batting .238 in 286 at-bats.

"Hopefully he‘s a steady player who can give us solid performances

in‘ center field.“ said Foote.

light Field: Keith Hughes was traded into the Yankee organization

1m year and batted only .180 in 50 at-bats for Nashville. in Reading.

Pennsylvania. Hughes hit .261. Despite biting only two home runs last

year. Hughes can expected to

"i haven't really had a chance to too akin?! said Foote. as Hughes.

sup ly some power.

 

 

"I" spent sprin training with the Triple-A am. "From what We heard.
, he‘s a g type of player." 
Catchers Phil Lombardi and Bill [today will both be seeing time A] 0'

By Marc Berman
SI‘UK 73' EDITUR
Hollywood. Florida

For most of the Albany-Colonie Yankees. prac-
tice was over on this sun-drenched April day in
Hollywood. Florida. ‘ a '

it was five o'clock now. nine hours after the
team first stepped onto Boggs Field — the Yankee
Double-A trainingfacility. which is a 20-minute
drive from the major league camp in Fort

’ Lauderdale.

This strenuous day —- highlighted by a scrim~
ainst the Triple-A Columbus Clippers

all but finished.

As the players were dispersing to the clubhouse.
A-lbany-Colonie Yankee manager Barry Foote an
nounced if anyone was interested in competing in

a one-mile race around the perimeter of Boggs.

Field. offering five dollars to the winner.

Three players‘ took Foote up on his offer —- one of
them being Phil Lombardi — a 22-year old player
being billed by some as the top catching prospect
in the organization. '

Lombardi didn't capture the five dollar first prize
money: not exactly known for his running ability.
Lombardi placed second. What Lombardi did cap.
ture. though. was another measure of respect from
his manager. '

While most of his mates were getting a headstart
on the night's activities. Lombardi was churning
out another mile in the burning Florida sun. look-
ing to improve his abilities in any way he can.

"111 do anything to win a game." said Lombardi.
alder practice. his face colored with a deep orange

"tan. "l'll do anything to make myself a better

‘ ballplayer."

Foote is familiar with Lombardi's strong drive
toward success. This season will mark the second
year Foote and Lombardi will be on the same
team. In Foote's first year as a manager. he led the
Single-A Fort Lauderdale Yankees to the Florida
State League Championship. with Lombardi play-
ing a vital role to the team's success. Now the duo
have been promoted to the Double-A level.

in this iristance._there seems to be a special

closeness between the manager and player —

perhaps the tight bond an ex—major catcher and a
22-year old catching prospect should feel.

"He's (Lombardi) learned a lot from Barry." said
Jim Saul. the third base coach. "He's learning some
of the finer points of catching. not just the basic
fundamentals. that anyone éan teach." '

Foote cringes. when asked if he spends more
time with Lombardi than the other layers: "1
hope that I spend the same amount 0 time with
everyone. it's true that i feel more attached to
Lombardi. i feel thereisso. much morel could
teach him." . . -

So does the Yankee organization. which is one of
the reasons why Lombardi is playing Double-A

ball this season. Some. including Foote. feel Lom- V

bardi has the talent to play Triple-A. . V
"i'm happy that the organization hasn't tried to
rush me." said Lombardi. a husky 6‘2". 200

pounder. "What they're doing ls trying to get me _

to build my confidence, on the Double-A level.
And there is still so much more i can learn from
Barry." ’

There have been quite a few top catching pro-
spects in the recent past for the Yankees. The
names live oniin infamy: Mike Heath. Jerry Nar-
ron. Brad Golden. and Bruce Robinson to present a

few. Foote doesn't believe Lombardi‘s name will "

wind up on that unfavorable list.

“He's the best catching prospect l've seen since
l've been in the organization.“ said Foote. “if he
doesn't make it to the big leagues in two to three
years. l'll be disappointed."

First. Lombardi must show he can make the step
from Single-A ball to Double-A. "i hear from
everybody that the biggest jum is going from
Sing e-A to Double-A." said Lom ardi. "it‘s a lot
tougher than going from Double-A to Triple-A."

After Lombardi's first two years in the Yankee
organization. there were doubts that Lombardi
would even make it this far. Signed in 1981 as an
18- ear old high school phenom out of Grenada.
Ca ifornia. Lombardi struggled through two
frustrating seasons of rookie all. He hit .255 for
Sarasota in 1981 and even less the next year for
Paintsville ﬁltentuckyj.

"l was sti l at a point where i wasn‘t used to the
whole thing." said Lombardi. "being away from
(home). traveling all over the place."

The Yankees gave Lombardi one more chance by

 

 

‘  “is, 5,.grusleygzapnriJm. *rsiiséua'wnurswom  . , . .
v'  .»l?hil.=.Lombardi: Yankee catcher on
the rise to spend season in Albany

promoting him to the Greensboro Single-A squad.
where he finally displayed the talent they saw in
him in high school. Lombardi's batting average
soared to the .290s. while his throwing arm started
becoming a threat to the ﬂeet-footed. However. his
handling of pitchers and taking control of a game
was still a question mark.

Last year. when Lombardi Joined the Fort
Lauderdale Yankees. Foote began to erase that
question mark and sketch an exclamation point.
The Fort Lauderdale squad captured the Florida
State league championship and Lombardi had a
lot to do with it. Batting .293 with 8 home runs and
70 RBIs. Lombardi became a fixture behind home
plate. it was obvious that Foote had a positive ef-
fect on Lombardi. in this winter's instructional
League. Lombardi tore up the league. hitting .344.

"He's helped the kid more than anyone else
did.” said Bobby Hoffman. Director of Player
Personnel.

“Lombardi is taking advantage of a good situa-
tion." said Dave LaRoche. Albany's pitching coach.
who also is moving up from the Fort Lauderdale
squad. He improved a lot last year. He seems to be
more relaxed laying under Barry."

What is the dlfference between the present Lom-
bardi and Lombardi in the pre-Foote era? Ask the
former major league catcher.

"What i tried to do with Lombardi last season
and this year is to make him into a thinking cat-
cher." said Foote. "To teach him how to outguess
a hitter. what to call on a 2-2 count. He's a very in-
telligent person: players like him don't come along
too often."

Foote is planning on having Lombardi's bat in
the lineup almost everyday. either behind the
plate or as a designated hitter. Phil Lindsey. the
other catcher. also has a decent bat. but doesn't
compare to Lombardi in the field.

Most coaches agree that Lombardi‘s best asset is
his powerful throwing arm. But his power at the
plate with a bat in hand also must be reckoned
with. A line drive hitter. Lombardi's home run
production. though. has been disappointing. But
the Yankee coaches are afraid of tampering with
his swing.

"We want him to continue to do what he's doing
and that's hitting line drives in the gaps." said Roy
White. who is now the assistant general manager.
“He doesn't have any weak points as a hitter. He's
a good line contact hitter and we‘re not going to
change his style."

"He's got the same style as Thurman (Munson)
did." offered Foote. "He still has the potential to
hit 20 homers a year." '

Recently. the Yankee farm system has not been
regarded as a haven for a minor league prospect
on‘ the rise. The Yankees. under the George Stein-
brenner reign. have the reputation of trading away
prospects as quick as they go through managers.

However. Lombardi seems to be in a rather cozy
position. Catching talent in the Yankee organiza-‘

 

 

