 

 

-..I.

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS I:I sustMEahrgss

 

442-4242 .1 .I .1

  

SPECIAL
ORIENTATION
GIVEAWAYS!

 

 

 

ks,-

 
 

t

L

 

AETworcK

FIRST: WANDERDOWN (OR UP) TO CAMPUS CENTER {
ROOM 316 AND TOUR THE CAPITAL DISTRICTS BEST RADIO
STATION, WCDB, AND DECIDE TO BECOME PART OE OUR ‘

HIP STAFF. SECOND: CHOOSE BETWEEN MUSIC, NEWS

SPORTS, ENGINEERING, PRODUCTIONS OR PROMOTIONS! .
 .,  Fithded  _    

M iv,

 

 

 

--:~‘—---~--..---...~C .
"4 ...--.-........v.m....o--.A——4

 

 

 

By David L.L. Laskln
SENIOR corms ,-

Contrary to most other places on the
planet. Albany'is virtually unaffected by
the change of seasons. If this is yOur‘ﬁrst
summer here, this piece of information is
crucial..After a brief hint of summer which.
last until somewhere around‘ July 4,
temperatures plummet into the twenties,

arctic winds sweep the podium. and snow '

blankets this academic tundra until Foun-

tain Day next May.

' If you've never spent a summer here you

probably believed that. Wéll it's true.
‘Believe it or not. Albany is asummer

paradiseof sorts. If you're here for the

summer. you’re lucky. because you'll get

to enjoy the better half of this great town. .

What follows are just ‘a few highlights and

suggestions meticuluosly researched by an _
ace team of Albany Student Pres .

reporters:

Walk around.- Yup. it's‘that- simple.

 
 

s...

 

‘ .

 

Anywhere from "middle class chopper" - '

on Madison and Main right down to the
splendid SUNY—Central building on the
banks of the Hudson'sriver.

. For a taste of the, “real” Albany,

. meander down Central Avenue and en-

virons. including ‘every shoppers delight.
the Salyation Army. on Clinton and
Robin. 'A' t'ad further downtown, where
Central meets Washington. is the Albany
Public Library". gateway to the most pic-
turesque. historic. and trendy section of
town. Lark Street. Before passing into the

~ ‘fgorge'ous totvnhouses" and "unique
shops"; the library is worth checking out.’

if only to cool off in the lobby. and check
the bulletin board for events. films. and all
sorts of neat things happening in the
library and around town.

   

Dealer’s In Washington Park -

    

There are aspects of tI_te city ttnitnagined in February

Five years ago. Viewpoints. the orienta-
tion magazine for new SUNYA-ites. claim-
ed that the Larlt Street area was "gaining
l'ast poularity for the arts. gays. punks.
and a variety of cozy eateries. fancy bars
and novelty shopping." Since then. Lark
Street has gone from a quasi-underground
haven for cultured progressives to the mec-
ca of the trendy up-and-coming bourgeoise
who are crucial to the city's rennaisance.

    
 

Albany's combination Greenwich
Village and Upper West Side is a home for
both a genuine artistic and cultural com-
munity and a lot of young people with
money (yup, YUPPIES) who are trying to
blend into the trend. Social commentary
aside. this small enclave ol‘ renovated
brownstones.‘ many over a century old. is a
neat place to hang around.-

The buildings are worth several hours of

STAFF WRITER

Studies.

supervisor.

um ,- wit, aw: I'f with I-‘.=."H“»‘  r
k. ..  .SUMMERrJ-iWS—ELALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

 summersters We

walking alone, but interesting shops.
eateries, and of course. people, make this

A the place to hang out. for those of you who
. stick to the thes in life.

Sbme of the more interesting and
stalwart members of the Lark Street com-
munity include: The Eighth Step Coffee
House, which features diverse musical and
other programs; the EDA Center for
Dance and Movement. which holds a

.variety of classes and hosts occassional

concerts; The Albany Institute for History
and Art. on the corner of Dove and
Washington; and. a little out of the area
but a strong bearer of the cultural Name,
the Half Moon Cafe. downtown on
Madison Ave.. which features local art-
work. poetry readings. and good eats.

When the brownstones and townhouses
start to blur. its time to gravitate downhill
to tltc Empire State Plaza. ultramodcrn
gateway to Albany‘s ultrahistoric
downtown.

Built in the sixties as the cornerstone of
Albany‘s comeback. it was nicknamed
‘tRocket‘elIer‘s folly." after the billion
dollars that the governor and Albany
patriarch Erastus Corning poured into its
construction.

The Plaza is the architectural marvel our
campus could have been. It's an awesome
sight. And a great place to go roller
skating. But there's more to it than a good
view. Most obvious is the Egg(or pregnant
woman. depending on your Freudian
preference). home of the Empire State In-
stitute for the Performing Arts (ESlPA).
Theater'in Albany is gaining ground in the
cultural world. and is something to be on
the lookout for.

This summer. the Plaza itself will come

13>

Bamaley gets new title ,_
in departmental shufer

By Tom Bacon

University President Vincent O’Leary‘s plan to shuffle
titles and responsibilities among the top vice presidents of
SUNYA has been submitted to SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton for approval.

‘ Among the reappointments expected to be passed by
Wharton. include that of Vice President for Academic
' Affairs Judith Ramaley. who will become SU NYA’S first
Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs. John .
Schumaker will become Vice President for Academic
Planning and Development as part of the reorganization.
He was previously Acting Vice President for Research
and Educational Development.

A nationwide search will be conducted to fill the new
position of Vice President for Research and Graduate

No salary change will accompany Ramaley‘s r’tew posi-
tion because of Governor Mario Cuonto‘s 98 percent rule
which states that no New York State employee can ettrt:
more than 98 percent of the salary of his or Iit‘l'

A Ramaley presently earns $73,789 which is 98 percent of
‘ Q‘l;eary's salary of $75195. '

Ratnaley. who served as the University's first woman
president while O‘Leary spent several months last
semester in Yugoslavia. currently directs all schools and
colleges within the University. Under O'Lcary's proposal.
her position will be combined with the division of
Research and Educational Development. With the
merger. Ratnaley said. an “artificial barrier“ will be
removed so that she can coordinate the resources and
staff of both divisions.

The change. she added. is intended to better coordinate
administrative decisions rather than to implement new
policies. The Research and Educational Developtnettt
division currently controls the campus machinery for
academic scholarships and processes funding preposttls.
among other duties.

According to Ramaley. ttot only are the changes
necessary. but the proposals have been a matter of discus-
sion between herself and O'Leary for some time. After
ratification by the Chancellor. she said. The shift will
take place when "O’Leary sees fit."

Despite the fact that her department will be getting new
responsibilities. Ramaley said there will not be any addi-
tlonal positions created to staff it.

The changes will broaden her control on graduate
studies. Ramaley said. Her subordinate. Harry Hamilton.
serves as Dean of Undergraduate Education. E]

  
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
    

     

     
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
     
    
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
     
     
   
   

    
    
   
     
 
 

 
 

   
   
   
    
 

  

   
   
     
 

 
  

   
    
     

