 

. [Rt

 
 

 ALBANY STUDENT'PRBSS U‘TUESDAK'SBPTEMBER’ 10; I985

 

  

Latham Circle Mall.
' Latham

"thuy Mq'l' 418 Madison ﬁve
Lark St.

Colonie

 

25 "9/0 Off

MQEQLLODSI
Jorc’lache

Sergio Valente
Calvin Klein

{mm in 8 see‘ our large selection of:
smoking accessories
scales
exotic lingerie
exotic sex accessories

 

 

 

  

 

University-officialsbend-to i

student demands to. divest

Columbus. Ohio

(CPS) In January. Edward H. Jennings,

president of the huge, 53,000-student Ohio
State University, was emphatic: .

Ohio State :would not sell its shares in

series of campus proltcsts,"a petition drive,
and a student group that made common
cause with aunion of OSU Vvorken.
 In January,,students held ‘a~ press con-
ference in front of Jennings' 'offioe. In
companies that do business in segrega- February,OSU trackstarGeorge Nicholas
tionist South Africa. While apartheid - galvanized part ‘of the student body ’by
South'Aﬂrca's laws of racial searegation - kneeling during the playing of. the national
was “appalling,” Jennings explained at anthem at a track meet, and th refusing
the time that OSU would buy and sell to run for osu until it divested itself of its
stock judging “the best possible invest- interests in South Africa ‘
ment," not by judging a company's racial “It got people thinking,” Nicholas ex-
policies. ‘ _ . A ' plained. “('l'hen) we had to‘ do a lot of
But less than six months later,  education. Some didn't think the universi-
convinced OSU's trustees to cell, about ty should take a. political stand by
$3.3 million worth of interests; infirms “‘dl'yestihg, or were worried their tuition
with South African operations; plus would go up if South African holdings
another $7.5 million‘over the; next Ifive were withdrawn." ~
years. H", V ﬂ ', _ Nicholas then formed Students United
What happened in the interim illustrates Against Apartheid (SUAA), getting only
how the political and ﬁscal winds are about 50 studens to actually join. “We
changing in American college boar- were disappointed by that," Nicholas.
drooms, and why more schools are ben- recalled. ‘ ‘
ding to student demands. to sell in- But Nicholas hooked the tiny group up-
vestments, however indirect, in South with the campus chapter. of the Com-
Africa. . multications Workers of America. The.
Just since last spring, when anti- 2,500 members of CWA were ncotiatinga
apartheid protests erupted on an estimated new contract with the trustees, and rapidly
60 campuses, Iowa, New Mexico. and New agreed to make divestiture a labor issue in
Jersey universities have announced plans the negotiations. ’
to sell all their shares in certain fimts. Critics called the alliance a marriage of
Dartmouth.‘ Cal State-Northridse. convenience to heat uplukewarm campus
Georgetown”, the State University of New reaction to both groups" demmds,
York system, Washington, Illinois, and Union members trained students in civil
Minnesota ofﬁcials have promised to sell disobedience tactics, offered to pay legal
all or 'part of their interests in the fees if students were arrested, helped cir-
companres. culate a divestiture petition that some
The American Committee on Africa, 2,700 students eventually signed and
which has organized many campus anti- printed anti-apartheid flyers and posters.
apartheid activities, calculates American In turn, SAUU members picketed in
colleges sold - or promised to, sell - some support of the union's’position.
$57 million in South African stocks during The protest that was burning across
the first six months of 1985. many campuses in the spring finally made
At Ohio State, the change came after a . . ' 1a.

 

 

caprramno

TﬁXl DIRECTORY ' ’

~WESTMERE-

 

THXI

 

456-THX

OR Dl‘ﬂl.

   

 

I . I TGIXI ‘

 

 

 

 

456-8294

  

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 
   
 

 

 

(Prices based on uptown campus pick-ups)

 

DESTINHTION 1 PERSON FOR EHCH ﬁDDITlONﬁL PHSSENGER
M
ﬁlRPORT ...................  .........  ...... .. 6.25 1 00
cos srnnons....... ......  ..... .. 3.25 .  ‘50
mam smnoas... .....   6,25  1'00
oownrown ﬁLBFiNY ....................   3.25 '50
FﬁNTﬁSlES....... .....  ........................  5.25
CROSSGHTES HELL. .. ' 3.25
user CIRCLE..... .... .. 6.25
cmEMn 1-8... .... ..    . 3.25
ncaoss THE STREET run.-. .. 2.75
SBUYVESGNT mam.-- .......  2.75
c LONIE CENTER..... 3.25
WESTGﬁTE PLﬁZfL .....  .... .. 3.25 PR'CES “RE'FOR‘ 0“ 2
BEEFSTEﬁK (HﬁRLIE... ...... ..  4.25 "75°":
PﬁRK v   5.2
JﬁDE FOUNTfiIl‘l....................... ...  3.2; '50 Em“ “DD'T'ONHL OVER 2
RED LOBSTER.............. ..........  .. 4.25
cows 5 StlTTER'S MILL... ....  . .z.75
(RHNBERRY  3.25
OCEﬁH'S ELEVEN ..........  ......  3.15

CLIP 6ND SHVE

  

    

(Prices subject to change)

 

 

  

  

 

 

  
  
 

 

. ‘ i‘WMAYrSEmmER'Zﬂ; "11985 ‘El "ALBAN Y STUDENT PM 3

 

NE  ;      

The Foundationtonnad

Trekkies, Dr. Who fa'nl andbth’ir peo-
pie for .whom Science Fiction is more than
a required book for an English course now
have a space ‘to call their own,  to
one niber of the University’s newest
organization.-“The Foundation”. '

The club, said member. Lisa ranch, has -

received SA recognition andis named after
Isaae‘Asinmv’s Sci-Pi series: “The Foun-
dation wa'sa city.- an outpost of knowledge
P¢°P1°-'.' She  "
reaching out to all the members of Sci-Pi
Pandom at‘SUNYA at Student Assoda-
tion’s Group Fair Day September. 19 and
at an Interest Meeting later this. month.
"The almost‘30‘ members, Feerich said,
meet to discuss Sci-Pi works in' depth, 
are also planning a Science ﬁction
magazine, as yet untitled. QM. _. 
Job switches at. ORL.
Some personnel changes haye Ibeen
made in the Central Staff of Residential
.Life. . . ' . ' '
Karleen Karlson; former director of
Off-Campus Housing has taken atnew
position as director of the new..cszus
mediation component of (the judicial
system. According to John Martone,
Director of Residential Life, Karlson was a
logical candidate for the position because

Members of The Foundation; will be I

she has a law degree. She will be responsi-
ble for 'developlng‘thg mediation campo-
nent of the system:  '- ‘   *3 ~ . ‘
Tom Gebhardt, former area coordinator
of Alumni Quad,  take over Karlson’s
responsibilities as Director of Off-Campus

Housing. Gebhardt  enteringhis

eighth year with Residentiaihife. .
Carol Stenger will assume responsibility
as Alumni Quad's  coordinator.

=W0m. , on dodlrty‘ wk.

Myst samba udsulmlprce 
 Ior'help in entering the work force '
are looking for prestigious white collar ‘
' jobs, butt'wler the‘summer the Center for

'Women in Government helped to piepare
mango; jobs as sanitation Workers.
” “Awarding to Audrey .s'eidm'an, the

, _,entei,’ls Public Information Director, the
course was offered to 110 women at

"Q‘uee‘hs‘ College. It was taught by pysical

education instructors-whotrained women

‘in weight lifting and calisthenics. Simula-

tions of the sanitation exam were given.
At graduation on June 25. the graduates

were given T-shirts and certiﬁcates, said‘

Seidman. When they finally toolr the test,
108 of the graduates scored 100 percent.
Only one woman failed.

Seidman explained that ._ the course
received such good publicity that sponsors
have donated enough money for a second
class to be offered in October.

Anthony coins appear

Students’wh‘o have recently changed a

five dollar in thé;Camp_ui. Centqu new .

change machine may have been‘lsnrprised
to receive Susan B. Anthony dollars as
pedoftheirchange. '. _- -

:.'  to Dorothy "Jubrey of Ven-
ding Services, University Auxiliary Ser-
vices is buying the coins directly from the
banks.‘ Each time the machine is ﬁlled two
hundred Susan B. Anthony dollars will be

, put into circulation.

The new machine which changes both 5
dollar bills and 1 dollar bills was installed
over the summer said Jubrey.

Eggto help Impaired.

People who have been .unable to enjoy
performing arts presentations due to visual
or hearing impairments will now be able to
do so at The Egg. .

Empire State Institute for the Perform-
ing Arts has installed a Phonic Bar
assistive-listening system which will broad-
cast sound to individual receiverswithin
the theatre. One ‘ channel will transmit
amplified sound from the stage to help the
hearing impaired. A second channel will
help the blind and visually impaired by
broadcasting commentary and descrip-
tions of what is happening on stage.

Anyone who is interested in the services

_ should contact 10 Fenton, BSIPA's Arts

Accessibth' 'ty Coordinator. The services
are available free of charge on a “ﬁrst-
come, first-sergehasis.”

Suicide rate grows

‘ According to a letter written by Govera
nor Mario Cuomo, Teenage'suicide. is “a
nationwide tragedy that has escalated to-
painful proportions over the part two"
decades." ' - ;

Cuomo noted that “suicide remains the,
only major cause of death among young
people that is dramatically on the rise. The
distressing statistics call out for public at-,
tentlon and our young people are crying
out for help,” he asserted.

In answer to this cry. a youp called}
"The National Committee for Youth
Suicide Prevention" was founded by
former Lieutenant Governor Alfred
DelBello last summer. The organization is
working to stop teenage suicide nation-
wide. The Committee hopes that a Federal
Commission for Youth Suicide Prevention
will be established in‘the near future. This
commission would provide a national data
base. carry out research, and implement
suicide prevention programs in the
schools. '

Students who need io talk to someone
about any suicidal problems can call the
Samaritans at 463-2323 or Middle Earth at
442-5777.

 

Minority/Affairs
46

live music, and will conclude
with an all-night candlelight
vigil. , .

Duarte also set up a commit-
tee to deal with social
minorities and their needs. Ac-
cording to Duarte, social V
minorities are groups which are
discriminated against such as
“disabled—students, gays and
lesbians, and returning
students whose age causes cer—
tain conflicts." .

The committee for Women‘s
Issues, said Duarte, will have as
its main concern issues of
women’s safety. The concept .
that women should feel safe "
only in the presence, of a_man is
a “major fallacy” said Duarte.‘
adding that “women must be .

I

educated to be self-assertive, ' . - ' i

conﬁdent and aware." .

The Women’s Issues Corn- 
mittce will work closely with
the President’s Task Force on
Women's Safety, the Student
Services Center and the
Feminist Alliance, said Duarte.

The education committee
will, according to Duarte,
“enhance the educational ex-
perience for minority students
by organizing a recruitment
and retention program 'for'
them." The committee .will
work 'iargely with the admis-
sions ofﬁce, the Student Ser-
vices Ccntcr and the Academics
Committee of Student Associa-
tion (SA), he said.

The coordinators for these
committees have not been
selected yet, said Duarte. They
will be chosen after an inter-
view from among those who
submitted applications.

Duarte said that the coor-
dinators must be the "chief
spokesperson for their commit-
tee and therefore mmust know
about the issues."

Strossing the need for in-
teraction among campus
groups. Duearte said the
Minority Affairsofficc will be
working with SA and other
organizations to “promote
cultural diversity and educate -
the campus about minority

,.

 

 

' Bring down the coSt
_ of your eucation.

  

v I A Now save up to 44% on one of
.  A.‘ ‘ these exciting Zenith PC’sl

Zenith Single Drive
Z-148 PC
Special Student Price

$850.00

suggested Retail Price $1499.00

01985. Zenith Data Systems

'.. .. 256K of RAM—upgradabie to 640K of RAM

low student prices. . . and bring the cost of
your education down. Way down.

Our low-cost, IBM POO-compatible Z-148
PC comes in a dual drive model that offers

without additional expansion cards. Plus
720K of disk storage. The-ability to support
most peripherals right out of the box. And
the industry standard MS-DOS operating
system—the one most used in the business
world today. So now you can run virtually all
IBM PC soﬁware—and do it up to 60% faster
than the IBM PC—at a fraction of its coatl

For computer power to go. try the
'l‘ransportablc Z-ISB PC. Light enough to
carry almost anywhere, the Z-138 PC offers
many ofthe same features of the Z-148 PC.
Plus it comes equipped with its own built-in
CR’I‘ display and carrying handle.

80 call or visit your campus contact today.
and save a bundle on your very own Zenith
PC—tho personal computer you can use now
and in your future career. You may never
find a smarter way to bring down the cost of

your educationl
NI, i

Zenith Dual Drive
Just purchase a‘new Zenith Z-148 PC or' Z-148 PC
. ’I‘ransportable Z-138 RC today at our special Special Student Price

$999.00

Suggested Retail Price $1799.00

You can also save up to 40% on the famous
video quality of a Zenith Monitor!

Zenith Monitors
ZVM-122A/123A 12"
Din onal Non-Glare
Am r or Green

va-tsa 13"Dia onal
80-Charactor wit High
Resolution Display

Ask about our special monitor/software packagesl

For more information on our Zenith PC’s and
our Special Student Prices, call or vislttho
campus contact listed below: ’

University Micros
442-3767
Ask for Stephen Rogowski

data
systems

When ’Ibtal Performance is the only option.

  

The Zenith Z-l38
Transportable PC

Zenith Single Drive
Z-138 PC
Special Student Price

$999.00

Suggested Retail Price $1699.00
Zenith Dual Drive

Z-138 PC '

Special Student Price

$1149.00

Suggested Retail Price $1999.00

Special Student Prices

$92.50/$89.50

Suggested Retail Price $140.00
Special Student Price

$335.00

Suggested Retail Price $559.00

‘ Or call ZDS Ofﬁce
(215) 667-8394

“he: WY only to purchases tlu etlly
from Zerth Data Sylluns Curva- allon
or Councils) h'aletl above by student:
or faculty lnr their own luv. Otter linked
to schools under midi-ct to Zenith Dela
Syulnns. hit“ an noblest to storm
will-wt mics. Limit one wean-loan-
wtet llll one nutter per W h_
my 12-month putrid.

 

 

dunes?)  . .  .... .  ....

 

