 

Haw Much Is That PC in the Window?

A Shopper’s Guide to Microcomputers

By Wlnn Rosch

nce confronted with the overselection of personal comput-

ers staring from shelves like puppy dogs wanting homes,

" you’re apt to gasp, “i need a computer to figure out which is

 the best computer to buy." Alas, you'd be right. The only

way most people learn about the advantages and shortcomings of

computers (mostly the latter) and what to look for in buying one, is
to get stuck with the wrong machine.

Before you make an expensive mistake, you should carefully con-
sider your prospective computer purchase. Your goal is to match
your woefully small budget (any budget is by definition woefully
small) with your computing needs. Then comes the hard part—
finding an affordable machine that ﬁlls your needs.

One of the difﬁculties of the decision-making process is knowing

00mmodore 64

The Commodore 64. called C64 by its fans and Commode-door 64 by the more
observant. has a lot going for it: it‘s cheap. More than that, it's really cheap! You
can probably find one in your local toy store (literally!) for 3150 or less.

But don‘t be misled by the tiny price tag. You‘ll also need to buy a disk drive
that's at least that expensive as well as such options as a monitor and printer to
make a complete system.

As fits its toy store origin. the C64 is child's play to use: the easiest computer
to plug into your television set. the
easiest to start programming with be‘
cause of its built-in BASIC program
tniug language. and perhaps the easi»
est to get addicted to because more
games are available for it than nearly
any other machine.

Alas. the cognoscenti don‘t con-
sider tlte C64 :1 real computer be
cause its modest price buys only
modest power. As personal cotnptlb
crs go, the C(H is slow.

While most computers take bttt a
minute or so to duplicate a disk. plan
on fifteen minutes shullling disks to
make a copy using Commodore's
software 'l'oo. Commodore disks also have a relatively limited capacity.

Designed for connecting to television sets. the C64 also limits you to 10-
colttmn onscreen displays which are insufficient for most spreadsheets and
powerful what-you~sce-is-what-youget word processors.

Although the C-(H does give you a few language choices besides BASIC~
including Logo. lﬁtscal and Pilot ~~ its limited powers preclude rttnning the old
mainframe languages utost colleges still inllict on their students, I‘OR'I‘RAN
and COBOL.

Further. the cm is not expandable its memory is forever limited to (i-i
kilobytes (thousands of characters) and it's designed to connch only to its
own accessories, giving you a choice much narrower than is available with
other machines. In particular. the supply of Commodorecompatible inexpen-
sive typewriterquality printers is limited. In fact. the on-papcr quality of the
lowest priced Commodore printer is little better than embarrassing.

litu Illc Cot is a big bargain. It will make an adequate word processor for
assigmncnts and. using a relatively incxpeusvic Commodore modem. works
well as a tcrmmal to talk \\'Illl more powerful computers. such as your school's
mainframe

Commodore 64

h‘ .‘lIH/It‘l‘xalll/

the strengths and weaknesses of different computer ‘families'. For
the most part, a computer family is distinguished by its operating
system, a program that tells the machine itself—the computer
hardware—how to deal with other programs—the computer soft-
ware.

It's important for you to ﬁnd the right operating system because
programs written for one operating system cannot be used with
another. If you're not careful, you may ﬁnd that the programs that
you most want to use won't run on the computer you've bought.

The ﬁve best choices in computerfamilies and operating systems
to accompany you through college are. in general order of rising
price, the Commodore 64, the Radio Shack 100 and 200, the Apple
II, the Apple Macintosh and the IBM PC.

Radio Shack 100 and 200

The Radio Shack Models 100 and 200 have earned a loyal following among
journalists as portable notepads. A rudimentary built~in word processor and a
memory that never forgets (even when the power is turned off) make it a
perfect writer's tool.

The Radio Shack machines are the easiest to use of all. To process words. you
don‘t need to know how to do anything other than type. Almost all computer
commands use their own keys.

As a general purpose computer, however. the 100 and 200 suffer from a
supply of software that's a bit meager when it comes to anything but wordwork.
If you look hard. you might ﬁnd a spreadsheet or two and a more powerful
word processoL

The I00 and 200 give you essentially one language choice a stripped-down
version of BASIC that comes built into the machine. Memory is limited to an
ofﬁcial 32 kilobytes. although outside suppliers will let you add in up to three
times that amount.

Radio Shack sells enhancements for this tiny twosome that add some of the
functions of desktop computers. including a disk drive and a video display.
Alas, to take advantage of these enhancements you end up giving tip the ma
chine's wonderful portability. Moreover. the connectors chosen for the hook-
up won't endure more than several plugging and unpluggings.

Despite these shortfalls. however, the Models 100 and 200 make excellent
College companions Even the 24 kilobyte model of the 100 (priced at about
$500) is sufficient for writing a ten‘
page, double-spaced report. The
built-in BASIC is powerful enough to
back though most Science and math
assignments.

Although you might not want to
use the clacker keyboard for taking
notes in class. you can carry your 100
or 200 to the library and write reports
or type things otit in the solitude of a
park or favorite camptts coffeehouse.

NEC sells lookalike computers
that are actually made in the same
factory as the Radio shacks. Often
they are less expensive. but for a
good reason: the NIiC machines lack
the built in modem that's inside both Radio Shack models. Once you start
using the machine. you're likely to find that the modem is one of its most
useful features, you need nothing else to communicate with other computers.

Radio Shack Model 200

October I 985

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We not 01%); give you the man
‘ , ' e

also give you  time-

_If you think the best way to pay for college is to
pgltfttogftfor a few years and Join the military, you’re

rig .

Because with the New GI Bill, you can join the
Army National Guard and get a guaranteed minimum
of $18,000 for college.

But best of all, you serve two days a month
and two weeks a car. Which means you can go to
school full-time. tght now. On us.

So the question you have to ask yourself is not,
can you afford college.

The question is, can you afford to wait.

For moreanformatton about the Army Guard and
the New GI Bill, ﬁll out the attached coupon and mail
it in. Or call 800-838-7600*

‘In Hawaii: 737-5255; Puerto Rico: 7214550: Guam: 477-9957; Vi ‘u Islands (St. Cnixi:
773-6438: New Jersey: 800-452-5794. In Alaska consult your lucalnrilitme directory. I

Army National Guard

___————_______ﬁ

"a m
m m u
an u out) w mm a up.“ to sum um“... mat

for  ._ ,

MAIL TO: “WWW. P.0. Box 6000, Clifton, NJ 07015 1I

mm or I

 

NAME

 

A DDR ESS

 

utr sIAIh/ZII’

AREA CODE I'IIUNE

US CITIZEN LI YES Lil N0

 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

OCCUPATION

STUDENT Ll HIGH SCHOOL lIC()I.l.EliE
PRIOR MILITARY SERVICE Ll YES LI 0

BRANCH RANK AFN/MUS

n... was-44 utmruwu

mlanltlrnlwlnnvlunu mt. t
ulllumluuluuum t. n... “It! «I m \nuI-lv an...»
m

Americans At Their Best.

BIR'I‘II DATE

|
l
l
l
l
-|

m.
|
Ip‘l
"-""l
J

AIAMMC“105NP

 

