 

22  'ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS El " WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER-'E‘TWS .

Ruggers take tourney ,‘ then bowto Albany: Law

By Cathy Errlg
STAFF WRITER

The scrums, hookers, and backs of the
Albany State rugby club are now in
hibernation.

Fall's elegant violence was culminated
with a narrow 6-3 loss to the ruggers of
Albany Law and the winning of the Utica
Club Plattsburgh State Classic the
weekend before. The club finished the fall
season with an overall record of 4-4.

“Things went very well for us in the
tournament," said president Pat Corrigan.
“We had good ball control and we won a
lot of the scrum-downs.”

The Dane ruggers opened the tourna-
ment with an overpowering 20-0 win over
St. Lawrence.

“St. Lawrence wasn't good enough to
play the kind of game they tried to play,"
said Corrigan. “They didn’t play ag-
gressively, and they had some guy running‘
around the field advising everyone. but no
one on their team even knew what he was
talking about.”

The Danes wasted no time in getting on
the scoreboard, with Tim Walsh scoring a
try only one minute into the first half.

“We scored on the opening play," said
Corrigan. “l‘d never seen that before.”

The Danes then went on to defeat Platt-
sburgh, 10-4, to win the championship.

“That was really a great game,” said

Corrigan. “Both teams played well. we
j rust played better. We had good ball con-
trol which let us control the game as'a
whole." '

According to Corrigan. senior scrums
Sean Crawford and Eddy Levine made
major contributions to the victory.

“They had a great day running, getting
to the tackles.” said Corrigan. “We won a
lot of scrum-downs close to the goal line."

The championship trophy was given to
senior Phil Segal. who had broken his leg
in the season's earlier game against

Plattsburgh.

The B—side defeated Middlebury, 17-3.
in their opening game, but was defeated by
the Plattsburgh B-side. 18-0. in the second
round.

“The Plattsburgh B-side was basically
guys from their A-side, so it was pretty
much a mismatch," said Corrigan.

The Dane ruggers had extra incentive to
play well in Saturday's game against
Albany Law.

Munsey

«Back Page
freshman Kevin Mietlicki.

“l and the others who ran were, so glad
to be a part of the win,” said sophomore
Pat Paul.

Munsey's 200th victory sparked a lot of
unexpected publicity.

“1 didn’t expect as much publicity as we
received — l was expecting Channel 10 and
the Times Union to cover it. but i didn’t
expect the huge write up in the Troy
Record'.”said Munsey.

The team presented a plaque to Munsey
after the meet. proceeded by a celebration
at Skipper’s Tavern. _

Munsey is glad to see that so many
former runners are still running com-
petitively. A great example of this is Tom
Robinsonpthe ﬁrst of 22 PhD's among
former cross country runners. He was in-
ducted Saturday. November 2. into the
Hall of Fame. He holds the record for
3,000 meters in the masters division (40 + ).

One highlight of his career was ending
Fredonia’s six year reign. last year in
SUNYACs. Another was qualifying in the
regional meet in 1983 which sent them to
nationals.

“We ended'up ranked third, and we

didn‘t even expect to go, but we deserved’

it,"said Munsey proudly.
Munsey and his team enjoy a close unity
and incredible comraderie.

“The Admissions Director is their ad-
visor.” explained Corrigan, “so we‘ve got
a few guys looking to have a very good
game."

Albany Law took a 6-0 lead with a try
scored early in the first half. The Dane
scoring was limited to a penalty kick by
Tony Ellis.

“1 think we took the game too lightly,
they were definitely bearable,” said Cor-
rigan. “They were good hitters and played

“We are like a family, of course we
argue. ﬁght. and get mad at each other,
but generally we feel very close. We are
very open with each other, not much is
hidden, including the coach," said
Munsey.

He enjoys going to some of their parties.
he thinks it's' fun to meet all their
girlfriends, and now he's even meeting
their children.

There’s great loyalty and affection
among members of the team.

“Although the loyalty has carried over
through the years, the original group was
the most loyal. This is due to the proud
feeling amidst the starters of a sport,” said
Munsey.

Munsey also feels cross country is a
more loyal sport than track. ' -

“Track doesn't command as much
loyalty as it is more of antindividual
sport," said Munsey. r‘

The, general feeling amongst the team.‘

  

a good game. Their hitting was really the
only difference in the game.”

“I don't know what happened,” said-

Corrigan. “I don’t know why it turned out
that way.“ .

The Dane ruggers will regroup next
semester for the spring season.

“We're looking forward to a good spr-
ing season. We may even add a few foot-
ball players.” said Corrigan. “Then again.
I‘ll believe it when I see it." r El

members is one of gratitude, fondness.
and respect towards Coach Munsey.

“He's made me like the sport a lot
more. l look forward to the season and
practice. He really cares and promotes the
team,” said Pat Paul.

He has also offered many times to help
people on the team out.

“1 don’t want to he coached by anyone
else in my years of cross country —
Munsey’s been good for me.” declared
Paul. “He makes sports fun." added Ray
Volper.

Munsey’s goal is to improve the running
level of cross country in the upcoming

. years. The team will be running double ses-

sions two times a week and there will be

additional changes made in training.

“My goal'is to have the running’at this
time next year stronger. [want to keep a
goodsolid program,.and vat‘the same time
have fun," concluded Munsey. El

 

 

Support Great Dane Spbrts

and have a ball].

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

N
me

 
 
 
  

10-4

TIME

-L

1/-

____._..—...

I Dapnlll moaned

 

   

edG

a“ f I“ p ‘
re

‘i ed 6

ARTQIRVED

CLASS RINGS

O
o‘Ne d‘
w 0

    

 
 

 

 

 
 

Barnes 8 Noble

PLACE

 

V Ni Ant rut-h In- it...»

    
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
    
  
  
  

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
    

 
  
 
 

        
 
   
   

 
 

'WEDNESDA Y; NOVEMBER 6,4985 U'ALBANY'STUDENT mass Sports 23

Great Dance-travel toBuffalofor next roadblock

By Marc Barman
CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

The narrow playoff path the Danes are

treading on will take -a 320 mile western »

turn Saturday, when the Albany State
football team faces Buffalo University at
the Bulls’ unnamed, million dollar sports
complex. . I ' .

The Danes have made the NCAA
playoffs just once in the program’s 16-year
history. That memorable season came~in
1977; it has been seven dry years since. The
dry spell will reach eight if the Danes are
unable to dispose of Buffalo and Wagner
in their finaltwo games. .

Taking one game at a time, Buffalo (4-4)
is by far the easier of the two, and Coach
Bob Ford is well aware that football teams
sometimes have the tendency to take softer
opponents for granted. By the same token.
Ford points out. underdogs seem to rise to
the occasion against, playoff-caliber
squads. '

“You always like to play well against so-
meone good,” Ford said. “Buffalo. is go-
ing to have no trouble getting pumped for
us."

Halfback R0 Mitchell says the Danes
will be ready too. -

"it's hard not to look past Buffalo to
Wagner." Mitchell said . “We’ve been
focusing on that game for so long. But we
know if we don't get past Buffalo, we‘re
out of the playoffs."

John Donnellygwho is Albany’s career
reception leader, remembers what happen—
ed three weeks ago in Cortland.

“We know we need two more'games for
the playoffs.” Donnelly said. “We know

what happened in Cortland when we got a
little cocky. We’ve seen the ﬁlms and
they’re a good team."

There is still concern over the Danes‘

quarterback situation. Mike Milano bruis-
ed a nerve in his elbow early in the fourth
quarter-against Hofstra, losing feeling in
his throwing hand. Sophomore Jeff
Russell, last year’s starter, came'on in
relief to pick up the save. ‘
_ The numbness is gone, but Milano still
was unable to grip the football on Monday
and Tuesday because of the pain. Milano
expects to throw- a little during practice
today. - - v

“it’s getting better everyday," said the -

Business major from Huntington.“‘1 hope
to throw the ball today because'l have to
loosen up.” . ’ "
Ford is optimistic that Milano will start
Saturday; but he isn’t scared to put‘in‘ his
starter from .1984. . .
“Russell is the best quarterback l've had
coming off the bench in my 16 years

here," Ford said. .“When Milano went'

down, 1 was hoping for . a (Dan)
Quisenberry. 1 just wanted him to hold on
to the lead and he did a great job at that."
Another injury that should hurt the
Danes is to comerback Rich Kozak, who
suffered a concussion versus Hofstra and
will not suit up in Buffalo. Greg Duncan, a
junior from Syosset, will start instead.
The secondary, in general. will have to
be on their toes against Dando’s Airforce,
the Bulls’ pro-set offense named after
Bulls' coach Bill Dando. This is the third
straight week the Danes have faced a pass-
oriented attack. having faced Norwich and

 

Hofstra the last two weeks.

“i think it's good in a way," Ford said.
"The more you face something the better
you defense it."

Ford was pleased with the Danes’ pass
defense last week, though Albany allowed
27 points, the most this season. Ford cited
breakdowns on the special teams and tur-
novers as reasons for the slew of Hofstra

‘ , . UPS
Safety Wayne Anderson and oomerback RIch Fozak anchor the» Dane secondary

points.

“We have bent a lot the last two
weeks,” Ford said, “but we haven’t broke
too much." ’

Sophomore defensive back Jerry Brown
has been a pleasant surprise for the Danes
and Wayne Anderson, who is expected to
be named to the All-East Honor Roll for

20>

Five inducted to Albany Athletic Hall of Fame

By Vlnny Roda

The man who inaugurated two winning
varsity "sports. two athletes whom he
coached to All-American honors, the
University’s first great running star and its
all-time rebound leader in basketball were
inducted into the State University of New
York at Albany Athletic Hall of Fame
Saturday night in ceremonies in the col-
lege’s Campus Center Ballroom.

Former coach Joseph Garcia, wrestler
Warren Crow, soccer star Carlton J. Max—
son, runner Thomas F. Robinson and
basketball great Donald Cohen became the
second team of honorees to enter the two-
year old hall, joining basketballers Gerald
Amyot and Gary Holway, coaches Merlin
Hathawav and the late Edith Cobane and

soccer’s Peter Telfer.

Joseph Garcia, who retired from the
University’s physical education staff in
1985 after 35 years as coach and associate
professor. began the school’s soccer pro-
gram in 1950 (staying as head coach
through 1968) and its wrestling team in
1952 (he remained at the helm through
1978). A former All-American wrestler
himself at the University of lllinois (1948),
Garcia, a Ballston Lake resident, went on
to coach six All-Americans in soccer and
two NCAA College Division wrestling
champions at SUNYA. ‘

One of these last two was Warren Crow.
whose success Garcia has called- the
highlight of his coaching career. Crow.
now a director of management informa-

tion systems living in Scotia. 'won his
NCAA titles in 1966 and ’67, the ﬁrst year
bein named “0uts:anding_Wrestler" of
the c amptonships. He was a qualifier for
the US. Olympic trials in both 1964 and
1968.

Carlton J. Maxson. now associate dean
of the Science and Mathematics Depart—
ment at Texas A@M University, was an
All-American soccer player in the autumn
of both 1956 and 1957. Named Outstan-
ding Athlete at SUNY-Albany for the
years 1957-58, he now lives in Bryan,
Texas.

’lnomas F. Robinson was an early
booster of a cross-country program at the
University in 1961, convinced now 25-year
legend R. Keith Munsey to become coach.
became the team’s first captain’and easily
its first star. The assistant professor of

By Lisa-Jackal

.‘I'J'AFF WRITER

medicine and physiology and biophysics at
the Albert Einstein College of Medicine

won 14 consecutive races and 22 con- -

secutive dual meets, both still records.
During the falls of 1961-64 he set 10 course
records.

Donald Cohen. still an Albany resident,
was SUNY- Albany’s second great basket-
ball star, the first being Gary Holway. a
1984 Hall of Fame inductee. The 6-6 center
played varsity ball from 1957-61, grabbing
a career record 1.317 rebounds and a
seasonal mark of 462 in 1959-60. In that
season he also set the school’s single-
season scoring mark, since surpassed, and
was voted its MVP.

The two year-old hall is located on the
third floor of the University Gym. D

game could be attributed to lack of ice
time.

Albany Skaters get short-end of the stick, 7-2 9

 

 

 

 

 

  

The Dana alt-tors kloltod all their season with a 1-2 loss to Blnghamlon

' ‘2..\,.utvmxtu;.'mr...

 

it was a tough battle for the Albany
State men’s hockey club as they were
defeated by Binghamton in their opening
game last Friday night. 7-2. ,

Albany came out storming in the first
period, but Binghamton still maintained a
1-0 lead going into the second period.
Binghamton‘s lead ballooned to 5-0 before
Albany recorded their first goal. a
beautifully placed backhandcr by Rick
Diem right before the end of the second
period. '

Binghamton added two more in the
third period. but Albany closed out the
scoring when freshman Dan Esler put a
wrist shot past the Binghamton goalie with
less than two minutes left in the game.

“Dan's goal was'a good final note of the
game." said coach Pomakoy. “We left on
an up note."

The most outstanding player according
to both the coach and the rest of the team
was goalie Jim Leskody with 51 saves.

“if it wasn't for Jim, the score could
have been 28-2; he stopped shot after
shot," stated Pomakoy.

Reasons for the loss of this non-league

“We weren’t familiar with playing with
each other. and Binghamton jumped on

our mistakes, which were mostly mental.”

said Pomakoy.
The team seemed to be disorganized

.2

and often out of position. which will,

hopefully be cleared up with practice.
The team also lost a key player in the

first period as Billy Abrams went down

with a separated shoulder.

“Everyone played as well as could be

asked with our limited practice. Being a

non-league game, it was meaningless. but '
it was a good opportunity to see where our ,

problems are. which will be cleared up in
practice this week."said Essner.

“Binghamton wasn't that much better

than us, they had a good break out play," _'

said Leskody. “They didn’t have many
sharp shooters, but they set up well, they
were familiar with their teammates and
knew what they were doing."

Overall, it was a good team effort on

Albany’s part, and they are looking for- .

ward to Saturday's game against Cortland.

 

