 

.\.\.t..tv~-

10 Aspects on Tuesday i

 
   
 

 

delta sigma 'spects

 

Albany’s fraternity row

 

 

aige (lieek letters on sweatshirts
L have become a common sight on

campus. Andrew Kaufman, one of
the original lounders of Albany's branch of
.‘\lil’r predicts. "that in to years there will
he a fraternity row on campus." \Vell An-
drew l‘ni not sure where it should be built.
Maybe it could e\tend from Dutch to In-
dian .ind we'll hold Maytcst on the Iront
lawn.

 

Mike Dermansky
Somehow, l can't envision brick and
wooden houses with that fraternity ivy
' among the right angles of our slonc white
rampus. Yet. no one can't deny things are
changing Alil’i has brought with them a
nave of enthusiasm for Iialeinilies.
sororities. .ind the little sister system. in the
last twosenieslers 3 or -l quiet groups have
blossomed to lo admittedly social trats.
lt's radical It's a Ievoluliori. Fraternities
are a \Ulldl necessity," Mr. Kaufman pro.
udly deilares

\Vho aie these fraternity hound
students? Andrew Kaufman used to live in
my llall. lle'd say 'lli' to you as you walk-
ed to the bathroom to brush your teeth.
lle'd ask you if you'd like to join him
down at the taleteria. He's not a god.
though l tall him the Messiah because he
li\ed my car once nor is he a saint. He's
lrom a long. unrelebrated line of SUNY
students who are involved in intrainurals
and get down to studying when mid-terms
and tinals swing around.

Now he is a member of a fraternity and
they are training him to conform. He's
heroining one ot them. But this feared
social brainwashing liasnl changed him.
He’s still the same guy with the same room-
mate lrom Buffalo who is of a different
religion. liven though Andrew is a gringho
tial boy he tells me it is not an all-
tonsmning lliiiig.

lliere are thousands ol Andrew Kauf-
nians and they are all unique, Still. they've
exerted a desire to heroine "hrolliei's.'
moie than just people who meet at bars or
see each other In class or in the gym. 0n
llnisday night. March l-l. tutti l sat in on
the lust meeting of Delta Omicron Tau.
.\lbany's newest social fraternity. to try to
find out why these guys weren't happy
\\|lll things the way they were: to see it
this movement was really a result ot the
tremendous conservative wave the
\'ews'reeef ()Il (lirnpiis has so persistently
hiult up,

The meeting started a half hour late as
people were waiting for their friends to art
rive Some guy was piaying a harmonica.
passing lime in the Waterbury first tlooi
lounge just like lloh Dylan waiting foi his
girl by a tuepiiinp. Freshman Rich Laiilei-
bath, the president by overthrow" tools
renter stage and said, "Do you want to
stop?" Dylan put a cork on it and the guys
laughed,

"l'd like to give a brief liislory of the
frat " l‘he guys laughed, as they did
throughout the meeting. "We live in a pit.
A lot of these guys live in the pit." The pit
is the basement of Waterbury llall. Rich
spoke of what they did when they weren’t
a frat and what they'll do as a frat, "a good
share of partying and a good share of hang-
ing out." The main purpose of forming a
frat is, "field dependence, having brothers,

 

 

 

people you can depend on, strung friend-
ships through common experience." This is
the heart of any trat.

Rich felt the "pituien" had seen a lot of

people on campus starting frats. from
Atil’i. ZBT. AKE and feel they have a lot
going tor them. However, the concensus
was that these guys didn't fit the mold of
the other frats. They didn't give a single
speiilic e\ample of why they didn't iden-
tity with the other lralcmilies but all seein-
ed in total agreement. What mold is it that
these guys felt they didn't fit in with — an
uptown mold. a Jewish mold, a Long Island
mold? it is purely spectraltion, as "molds"
are stereotypes. and stereotypes are
misleading. but apparently very strong,
Phil‘s have taken on, this early in their
developiiwnt, strong social identites‘.
though these identities are not part of their
constitutions.

Rich said he felt the other frats' sweat~
shirts were intimidating and proposed that
then tiat was to do the exact opposite. He
spoke ol the Delta of DOT, "delta. a
change of temperature. I think that's pretty
good symbolism, That's what we are. a
change in atmosphere. We want to be
known .is the common man's frat." Delta
Olniiron Tan is a local fraternity without a
national base and withoit a history. Na-
tional fraternities fear that once key
members graduate, they will dissemble and
that in the long run local frats will give
tiats a had name by primarily drinking and
not peilorining educational and communi-
ty st‘l\'|\i‘\ which national frals‘ stress.

(Letting to the financial part of the
meeting. |.auter'bach proposed that there
he a $15 per semester charge, which is a
traitioii of what other liats were charging.
(ash! An issue that I have not heard
assmiated with frats. if you don’t have
rash you ran't be a brother. Willi this

 

 

AEPi, frat member Andrew Kaufman circled

money these social groups can do things.
"We can't base our frat on sitting around
drinking, though it sounds like a pretty
good idea to me." The main ideas shared
were a night at the bars in which members
get a discount, a road trip in a rciiled bus to
another school, and ultimately a Brubacher‘
Party. “People will see us having fun and
want to join us and that's how it gets
going."

After the meeting! brought up the point
that beer was practically the only topic that
came up. Rich responded that beer was a
social mixer, it brings people together.
Almost apologizing for its strength, he and
his potential brothers came back with with
ideas for blood donation drives which
other frats were already doing and pro-
testing the Grouper Law, which prevents
frats from getting off‘cainpus‘ housing.

I really enjoyed sitting in on the
meeting. The enthusiastic attitudes were
refreshing. especially compared to
memories of hall meetings in which RA's
had to plead for silence, let alone get
anything done. Ironically, these guys were
psyched to get sweatshirts, the "in-
timidating" uniform that distinguishes
members from other people. They even
discussed the color patterns. Part of being
part of a frat is owning one of those
garments which will be DOT's first step
toward creating their own identity, if they
don't already have one.

I asked Rich if they'd take the guy who
was up in his room studying and had never
gone out to the bars with these guys. He
responded, "We'd take anybody." But the
unwritten word is strong, so strong that the
guy studying would be too frightened to
even introduce himself.

Fraternities are selective by nature, as
are all other social groups. According to
their cnstitutions the frats' will take anyone.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The truth of the matter is they will choose
and attract people who are like themselves.
Not everyone in the university can par-
ticipate in these groups which is why they
don't and will never get SA funding. As
Patti Salkin, Programming Director, ex-
plained, for SA to fund an organization it
must be open to every student because
every student pays the student activity fee.
Fraternities can eliminate people through
their rush and pledge procedures. This
makes them selective.

A major concern with fraternities is that
they not be discriminatory. National frater-
nities were banned from the entire SUNY
system in the late fifties because they were
determined to be discriminatory and
SUNY administrators felt they had the
right to regulate the organizations which
would be a part of the public university
system. The Supreme Court upheld their
right to decide to ban the national frats.
With this kind of adverse history. one

.might suspect skeptical feelings among

toward the rebirth of fraternities.

Jessica Casey, an administrator in charge
of student affairs, expressed an extremely
positive attitude toward fraternities. "I
think they're neat. Many of the poeple I'm
seeing have probably never been involved
with school activities." l asked her if she
felt there was any validity to the New
York Times articles of Friday. March 8.
whose headline read"‘Colleges are Taking
New Steps to Reduce Drinking on Cam-
pus," and implied that the fraternity upsw-
ing came about because it is the best way
for students to continue drinking.

“I don't think it is tied in with alcohol,"
she said. When asked about the effects of
new legislation on quad parties; she
reported, "Things haven't changed much in
the last couple of years. People throwing
parties are just aware of liability issues.
lawsuits, and the responsibility that comes
with throwing parties." She mentioned that
she'd seen a lot of sophomores and
freshmen who are potentially under the t9
year old drinking age and felt that these
students may want to create new social op-
portunities for themselves that aren't
dependent on drinking.

This argument is flawed. It is one an ad-
ministrator is apt to see, or seeks to see.
College students who wish to consume do
consume. If you're underage you are un~
fairly inconvenienced. The fraternity
movement has primarily been lead by
sophomores and juniors who do go to the
local bars and quad parties. They decided
they want more and took initiative and
control of their social environment. Ms.
Casey indicated their assertiveness.
"They're moving faster than we are. Life
on campus is not going to be the same. Our
job is to maximire their good and minimize
their damage. People realize things are at
stake. There are going to be some natural
growing pains in which the student groups
(SA) and the fraternities will have to learn
to work together and accept each other."

According to Patti Salkin. SA has quick-
ly moved to form an alliance. "We helped
get AliPi through the process. We have no
problem with them on campus. rather the
opposite." Things aren't as peachy as all
this though. I've found that many students
who aren’t involved with frats are skep-
tical. negatiVe and annoyed with their

presence. CONTINUED-

Andrew, Kaufman as hmlse'i If

 

April 30', 1935

‘10

And what of the Conservative Wave?
My interpretation of conservatism is strict
adherence to rules. norms, clothing styles.
the Preppies, the grinds, the business ina-
jors and a suppression of the individual,
along with an inherent sexism. Ronald
Reagan may want to talk with metabout
my definition, but for all we know he's
sprayspainted his bedroom with green and
orange neon paint and disdains furniture.
The newest frat I introduced to you, DOT,
definitely did not fit the conservative
definition. However, the bigger, well-
established frats do fit this bill and already
are becoming more and more selective of
who their members are. Once DOT gets a
nice core, one has to wonder how willing
they will be to take "anyone" when they
are in the position to choose.

Recently there has been a commotion
over a couplg'of frats getting group Kouss
ing on campus in the low rises. Some peo
ple feel they are going to destroy the diver-
sity which is presently found in the dorms.
I can only half-heartedly denounce this.
because people are quick to form cliques

' which limits social diversity. The frater-

  

 

nities have accented our natural segrega-
tion by bunching together a number of
similar cliques. It is true that a Long Island
white in a frat hall will have less chance of
meeting and being friends with perhaps a
Spanish girl who may have lived in the
suite across from him in the past. They pro.
bably would have avoided each other
anyway, though if they had lived in the
same hall. they would have at least had to
confront one another. Students are express-
ing a desiie to mush together in groups of
around fifty as it is very difficult to see an
entire quad as a circle of friends. Frats are
making close friendships more easily

  

The part of the fraternities that l see as
most conservative is those Creek letters.
We don't know what they mean and don’t
care but we use them. accepting past and
present authority. Something which I am
so quick to forget, fraternities are all male.
Where do females fit in? Fraternities have
little sister organizations. Little sisters are
females who serve their male superiors and
are in turn allowed to associate themselves

many tasks to accomplish before they
could be accepted into the national sorori-
ty. Their pin is a torch with six pearls and a
diamond. Each pearl is symbolic for a dif-
ferent function, a philanthropic report,
women's awareness issues and other com-
munity oriented activities. It took four
months to form this chapter which is 53
women strong. I asked Debbie about the
possibility of little brothers. She told me

 

 

 

 

accessible.

with the male fraternities and get into their
parties for free if they aren't selling tickets.

The little sisters on campus were not too
thrilled with my views on their functions.
Jill Cohen, who is the-head of AEPi's little
sisters, felt I was dwelling on the format of
the old Greek system. "Being a little sister
is a feeling, a feeling of being a part of a
worthwhile group. Little sisters is only a
name. a title." She also pointed out that the
brothers were not bossy and how as a unit
they get their own identity and probably
do more work than the brothers.

The fact still remains that little sisters
have to answer to the brothers. The little
sisters of AEPi were picked in LCZO. 100
girls were picked out of 250. Wh. was the
judging being based on? What were the 50
girls who were rejected missing?

I found a rebel within the system. Deb-
bie Harris, acting president of the sorority
Sigma Delta Tau, was originally a little
sister for AEPi. "It was very demeaning to
us. if I wanted to do projects with other
girls, we’d have to get them approved by
the guys. Plus, the girls often played up to
the guys and could be very competitive.
which they don't do when there is just
girls." Debbie attributed the large en-
thusiasm for the little sister groups to the

V fact that as little sisters they don't have to

deal with the responsibility that comes
along with taking charge, "some girls don't
want the red tape."

Sigma Delta Tau's Albany branch had

 

they'd like them but realistically there
might not be any. Debbie was concerned
that the brother fraternity, ZBT, would not
encourage interfraternity functions, just us-
ing their little sisters as adequate social
support.

In fact, when ZBT was informed about

the plans for this sister sorority theyv

wanted the girls to wait a while and be
more a part of them. Sigma Delta Tau did
not form in order to be known as a sister
sorority. Debbie Harris said,"We want to
work with all the fraternities and are doing
just that, because limiting yourself to one
frat is too segregated." They told ZBT they
were already in the process of applying to
the national organization and couldn't be
stopped.

Renewed conservatism has also been
dubbed renewed enthusiasm and Albany's
fraternities definitely fit this bill. The re-
cent surge in attendance of the previously
lonely Albany basketball games serves as
evidence of this. Debbie Harris felt quad
board and class council just wasn't enough
for her and students like her who ran their
high schools and were always filled with
school spirit.

l'd generally have to agree with the
outlines Newsweek gives us of "the conser-

vative students," but Newsweek is a con. -

servative unit and fails to acknowledge the
other fifty percent or so of a university
population who have nothing to do with
all of this: the non-conservatives. I'm no ex~

A passion for Prince

lists. She makes them all the time.

Things To Do Today. People To
lnvite To Next Year's New Years Eve Pars
ty. Lists help you organize. They give you
a perspective on what your ideas really
mean. I‘ made a list last month. My Goals
for the Next Year: (I) Make money (2)
Meet people (3) Get a wild haircut (-1)
Dress Cool (5) Meet Prince. Meet Prince? l
thought these goals were supposed to be
reasonable! Bad enough all of my goal
tended toward the trivial. Why work
towards something that is just about im-
possible? The Man, after-all, is a recluse.
Totally private. If there is one group of
poeple be especially avoids. it‘s the Press.
And being a reporter was my only link to
the entertainment world. Was l crazy? No,
just obsessed. »

Laura Etlinger

I first became aware of Prince when I
saw his film Purple Rain last fall. I thought
he was kind of sexy. but l kept my feelings
quiet for awhile. He seemed too hip, too
popular to be Worthy of real admiration.
and l was no star-struck teeny-hopper. I
had artistic sensibility and good taste.

[lot here I was. just six months later. on
my way to Syracuse to see Prince and the
Revolution and write a concert review. l'd
never even written for publication before,
but an obsession can impart great con-
tidence. I had secured review tlckets aml a
photographer's pass. It was a dream come
true. The culmination of a lot of hard work
devising fantasies of how to meet my

L ists. My friend is a great believer in

 

 

longed-for obsession. l'd be close enough
tonight for him to see me. Would our eyes
meet? Would i get backstage? Would I
meet him? Would we fall in love?

During the break between the first act

my expectation. But before I could get too
far. the arena darkened, the curtain went
up, and my expectations and my sense of
being there as a reporter, with a task of
' remembering. recording, and relating what
I saw and heard. were forgotten. This was
to be no ordinary concert, the entrance
seemed like an old-time Hollywood pro-
diiction number. with smoke. statues, and
purple lights. I was thoroughly engrossed.

The excitement continued throughout
the show, as Prince launched into one song
after another. performing at a peak level of
energy, dancing. screaming. leasing and
flirting. The atmosphere of the concert as a
glitzy. glittering, high-tech sexual show
was well set. There were high-tech visuals
and props. Prince spoke to God via a
eeiling~placed intercom system at the
beginning of onels‘oug and later slid into a
steaming tub to re-enact a scene from Pur-
ple Rain.

The showy part of the show also includ-
ed Prince's quickstep, high-energy danc-
ing. l‘rancing around the stage like the
favorite child at a fainin gathering. Prince
stopped the show at one point to tell the
audience, "Watch me dance." He was play-
ing the show-off and he was making it
work. He wanted the audience to play
along with him, to interact, and he didn't
stop moving, singing, teasing. and scream-
ing until he got his way.

 

and the main attraction, l tries to sort out ‘

 

Prince talked with the audience in bet~
ween songs, or to be more precise, he snap-
ped nasty sexual comebacks to lines no one
in the audience actually ever uttered. Once
l realized his talk was another part of the
show, it lost some of its magic. Still. it was
exciting to hear his deep voice growl,
"What are you looking at? If i gave it to
you, would you know what to do with it?"

The sexual tone of the concert could
easily have been set by music alone. but
Prince took this sexual tone and milked it
for all it was worth. The stage was darken-
ed at one point and Prince lay across a
pedastal~like construction and began to
speak the words from “When Doves Cry,"
but instead of going into the song, Prince
led the from the image of "you and l
engaged in SEX" to asking the audience if
they wanted him. if they would come
home with him. if they would come to his
purple house. The magic and the fantasy of
the show was suddenly swept into the
background: Prince was carrying on a per~
sonal dialogue, a onekto-one seduction.
When he said, "Do you want me? l want
you." l believed him, and when the ad
dience said "yes." it was a personal triumph
for the ranting, raving Seducer whose sex-
ually explicit music had Wet their appetites
and whose down-right nastiness was mak-
ing them scream for more.

l had come to the concert obsessed. and
although I didn't get to meet Prince, my
need to relate on a personal level was
satisfied. l left the concert still obsessed,
but I realized I was obsessed more with
Prince's stage presence. than with who he
really might be. I don‘t even think I really

 

 

 

. . . W‘ ~ ,yaralswuaasr'

ASPi'

pert. I'm just a‘ student. I went to the
sociology department to get their scholarly
views on the current trends. They gave a
firm "no comment," pleading ignorance of
the SUNY scene. Professor Higgins, a
respected member of that department, ex-
pressed a broader view. "Recently I read a
book by Upton Sinclair in which he states
that all college st udenls are interested in is
three things: sports, drinking and sex. That
was in 1922, and frankly l don't see how
things have really changed for 1985."

I'm willing to accept this as evidence of a
cycle towards, away from, and back to
conservatism. Two years ago when l was a
freshman, drinking meant a beer ball in the
suite room and an involved game of
quarters. Today some people go to frat par~
ties. As for sports. intramurals are now not
only a group of guys who got up a team
but also frat teams. And lastly sex.

Everyone knows the radicals of the six-
ties got sex all the time. Shit, they cursed a
lot. In today's conservative times, girls and
guys are going to wait until they are mar-
ried, right? I asked one high ranking frat
person what he felt about the little sisters
of his frat and he answered in front of a
couple of them (jokingly, of course.) “they
fuck like bunnies." He lives to tell about it,
Is there such a thing as conservative sex?

 

 

 

 

 

Well, of course, this isn't a question
Newsweek raised. One of the prime goals
of the frats isn't to have orgies. Maybe
liberal frats should think about this. I've
heard that it is usually people around 30
who are into orgies. Maybe the protess‘ors
should start a frat. That would be a hap-
pening. Yes. Greek letters are ridiculous
just as limbs and Adidas patches are. but
they're on SUNY campuses because of
SUNY students. They have. in essence,
rediscovered the power of the group ver~
siis the minute powers of the individual l7

want to meet him anymore, which means
ill have to revise my list of goals for next
year. I think I'll add a new one. As a result
of my obsession, I've found a new creative
interest. Maybe I'll become an entertainv
ment writer, With my tendency toward
obsessions, subjects of interest can't be too
hard to find. Cl

 

 

