LIFE/STYLE

who has twice won appeals before the state
licensing board. Says Rant: “1 just don‘t
believe education and alcohol mix."

At other campuses, clear-cut regulations
are in place, but violations go largely un-
heeded. Concedes one resident as ‘tant in a
Maryland high-rise dor - “On weekends
the beer ﬂows all over this place. And it‘s a
good bet that most of the people getting
stoned are underage." Many administra-
tors say they would prefer not to h i to
regulatedrinking. “We have been as Iatssez-
l'ttircas we can be on alcohol,“ says
Dean ol‘Students L - Lawson of
UC. Santa Barbara. ‘Students like
it the way it is. faculty don‘t be-
lieve we should get back ittto the
business ofcthical or moral judg-
ments out student behavior and
administrators 'ottcerned be-
cause alcohol is a big problem.“

" trators cannot ignore their

legal obligations. As South
Carolina‘s l’ruitt puts it, “Univer-
sity policy just a reﬂection ofthe
law. The eollegc campus is not a
sanctuary." Now that the law is
changing. colleges are concerned
about their civil liability where in-
juries or property destruction re-
stilts from camp " aled drink-
ing. While several courts ltuve
ruled that schools don‘t have a
custodial relations ip with stu-
dents—and therefore cannot be
held liable for the actions of
drunken students—«the law in this
area is quite unsettled. Last year a
New Jcrs -y court to ind hosts lia-
ble for certain su equent actions

owever reluctant. adminis-

It)

by their guests, and this concept could cor
ccivably be extended to colleges. “Obvious-
ly, universities cannot be totally cavalier in
this area," says Donald Klasic. general
counsel ofthe University ofNevada. “They
have some responsibilities, particularly in
the instance that something 0 ‘ ‘urs on cam-
s the result of a campus-sponsored ac-
ity and with funding front student fees."
Alcohol is a very proﬁtable business it
campus. 9 ‘ year college students buy
more than $2.6 billion worth of beer alone,

and brewers spend $15 million to
$20 million promoting their prod-
ucts. Market research indicates
that most people develop loyalty
to a particular beer between the
ages of 18 and 24, so brewers work
hard to get their names in front of
college students. Nearly all of
the major companies employ stu-
dents as marketing represent-
atives. They olfer student groups
free beer and almost anything that
can display a logo, from giant in-
ﬂatable beer bottles to calendars.
Brewers also pour out big bucks
to sponsor campus events: at Mi-
ami, Coors spent $1,500 for,
among other things, an alumni
tailgate party, while Miller bank-
rolled midday concerts to the tune
of 336,5 .

Recently, however, colleges
have begun to back away from
alcohol tie-ins. The University of
Vermont no longer allows promo-
tional agreements with makers or
,. . distributors of alcohol. Loyola of
Chicago’s school paper now refuses liquor
and beer ads. These schools, and many oth-
ers, want to avoid even the inference that
they sanction drinking. Says Irving Maltz-
man, a UCLA psychology professor, “Bat~
tling alcohol abuse is an uphill battle when
you have athletics by Bad, homecoming by
Miller, Mardi Gras by Coors and on and
on." For their part, brewers have, by and
large, abandoned such time-honored pro-
motions as the wet-T shirt contest for more
public-spirited endeavors. Miller Beer has

underwritten alcohol-education
literature. And Budweiser spon-
sors spring-break pit stops along
major highway routes to Florida,
where travelers can relax with cof-

fee and doughnuts.
A have proliferated to the
point that the majority of
colleges now offer them. At Dart-
mouth, freshmen are taught on
their very ﬁrst night in Hanover
about the dangers ofuncontrolled
drinking. For its award-winning
program during last fal Al
hol Awareness Week, Arizona
State offered an alcohol-trivv
in game, a sobriety test, "mock-
tails" and a raft of educational
literature.

Some researchers question the
long-term benelits of such pro-
grams. but many camp 
port that drinking res
have already '

FRANK CAPRI

lcohol-awareness courses

I. GPANTHAM, JR —VAHEELER PICTURES

vandalism are down at Maryland:
campus Police Chief Eugene
Sides points to u 13 percent drop

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/Al’le I935

 mammal-mama"
-   WERE MORE THAN 

You might find Lourself in a chopper, cruising the treetops at 90 miles per hour.

Or doing somet in more down to earth, like repairing an e ectronic circuit.

What you won't fins yourself doing is getting bored. Because this isn’t ordinary part-time work. It's
the Arm Reserve. ‘

You'lllget valuable skill training. Then one weekend a month. and two weeks each summer, you ll put
that trainin to good use, while receiving good pay and benefits.

But maﬁae most importantl , you'll come away with a feeling deep down that you were challenged and
came through. And that doesnt disappear when Monday to s aroun .

See your local Army Reserve recruiter about serving near your home. Or call toll free l—800—USA-ARMY.

ARMY RESERVE.
BE ALLYOU CAN BE.

 

 

