.

1  Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 1:1 FRIDA Y, MARCH Elba; ,

v“. ...t.a..,.....-.. x 1

Dane bOWIing clubs approach the final frame-

As the Albany State bowling
club's men's and women's teams
approach the ends of very suc-
cessful and busy second seasons
of intercollegiate competition,
they can only look forward to
more success and more challeng-
ing competition next year.

Although this is the second year
that teams from Albany State
have competed in intercollegiate
competition under the wing of the
bowling club, an attempt was
made last year to start a bowling
conference in the Capital District.
At ﬁrst. interest was expressed by
the bowlers and coaches at
Albany Business College. College
of St. Rose, Junior College of
Albany and Siena. Yet, after eight
weeks of league-type competition
on Thursday nights at Campus
Lanes, the conference ended its
short existence due to its dwindl-
ing size.

The Albany State men's “A”
team. with a 25-3 record. lead
two other Albany State teams and
a squad from A.B.C. The two
women’s teams finished second
and third behind a strong St. Rose
squad. The highlight of the other-
wise uneventful season was the

two matches against the Tri-State
champions R.P.l. bowling team.
The Danes beat the Engineers by
well over 200 pins on their home
lanes, but the trip to the R.P.l.
Union Lanes was disastrous. as

they were easily defeated in the se-'

cond three game match.

This semester, the club has
been active, having travelled to
places as far and wide as
Cranston, Rhode island and as
close as Playdium Bowl on On-
tario and Park Streets in Albany.

One fact about the history of
Dane bowling often been hidden
is that they have sent a men’s and
women‘s team to the Association
of College Unions annual bowling
tournament every year since it has
been in existence. Albany even
hosted the tournament. in which
entries usually number about 16
men's teams and 8 women's
teams. during the 1970's at Cam-
pus Lanes.

This year’s men's and women's
ACU-l teams ﬁnished 11th out of
13 teams and 7th out of 8 teams,
respectively. due to the perfor-
mances of such top twenty-ranked
schools as Erie Community Col-
lege. University of Buffalo. and
Buffalo State. Albany was one of

the few schbols at the tournament
which doesn't already have an
established bowling program.
Schools like Erie recruit bowlers
for their varsity teams. Other
Buffalo area colleges are blessed
by the abundance of talent in the
bowling capital of the state.
Some of the performances of
individual bowlers have pointed
to future success.for the bowling
club. At the West Point tourna-
ment. Laurie Faber's 491 triple
placed her just beyond trophy
contention in the singles event,
while the doubles duos of Faber-
Andrea Miller and Tracy Gross-
Diane Williams also did well. The
men's twosome of Mark Mackler

Mackler’s 245 also sneaked into
the top ten with a 1076 six game '

The women have won trophies
at the last two Tri-State tour-
The team of Gross-
Kelly Kreiger took the doubles ti-
tle by one pin with a 950 total at
the University Lowell
Then, Robin Steinberg’s sparkl-
ing 180472-213-565 performance
in the singles event at the U.
Mass. Charity Tournament netted

her a championship trophy.

‘SUNY Buffalo. Buffalo State,

 

The bowling club has also com-
peted against local community
colleges and other schools in the
Albany area. The men have a 10-6
record. with an 0-5 record against
Columbia-Greene Community
College. a two game split with
Schenectady C.C.. and sweeps
over St. Rose (1-0). Albany
Business (2-0). Adirondack C.C.
(2-0). and Albany Pharmacy
(30). The women are undefeated
at 3—0. with two victories over
Columbia-Greene and one win
against Schenectady. Home mat-
ches are scheduled against C.S.R.

on March 12 and Albany Phar-‘

macy on March 19.

Both teams did well at the
Schenectady invitational in
February as the women ﬁnished
second, trailing only Mohawk
Valley CC, and the men finished
third. Eric Troelstra and Sabrina
Licht captured high game
trophies in that event.

The bowling season may be
drawing to a close for some
schools, but Albany still has two
big events planned. For the first
time. a SUNY Bowling Cham-
pionships is being scheduled for
the .weekend of April 20-21.

 

 

 

and Erie C.C. are expected to at-
tend and the Danes’ power
bowlers hope to take the cham-
pionship on their home lanes. An
invitational tournament open to
all college students is planned for
April 27 and is being held in
honor of team member Laurie
Faber‘s father, recently deceased.
R.P.l.. West Point. and Bryant
College hope to attend.

The bowling Ic'lub is still look-
ing for good bowlers to represent
SUNYA the remainder of thisu
year and for next season. even,“
though only three bowlers area.
graduating. . Hy)

Bowling Club President“
Sal”The Kingpin" Per‘ednia
remarked, “With the size-of this \
University and the metropolitan-5.;
location of SUNYA. there are...
bound to be bowlers out there.;;
who could qualify for a spot on...
our teams.’1t‘s unfortunate. as in 1-.
other sports, that some of the best .“
athletes who could be starting.
never try out for one reason or,“
another." He hopes that poten-gw
tial team members decide to give "‘
the bowling club a try. The :
Kingpin added that, “The Bowl—m:
ing Club doesn't offer scholar- ll,
ships. only good, exciting com- H.
petition. We'll never know how “a,

 

This isthe ﬁrst of a‘ series. of sports columns to appear in
' each issue on Friday
By Jeff Mallaber ' “ ’

  

thing in the world that i would want to do would be to
compare 'my knowledge of football with that of Bob
Ford. Coach Ford is one of the top coaches in Division [11
football today. He built the Great Dane program from
scratch: Coach Ford is also a great. I ..
teacher of the game. and a number of '  .
present day,coaches learned their trade 3 n
from him. Even so,"tli'e VGreat'Danes , p0 8
went 5.-5‘ in 1984. with a team that had '
outstanding talent. Four of last year's COIumn
Dani’s inade‘tlib’illa’EC‘AC squad and Tom tacith was
named All-American. With that type of personnel,‘ the
record Should have been‘muchbetter than even. So, l’ve
.' taken lt‘upon myself to outline'vsome problems and make
soh’i'e suggestions. ' » ’ '
Thefirst and s'tickiest problem is the wishbone offense.

Coach Ford is utterly committed toit and _i'll admit that '
in‘ the‘1970s. Texas; Alabama,‘.and-.Oklahoma had a lot. '
oft’suecess with it. Last'year Armyvran it to perfection. -

But‘Albany hasn’t run the» wishbone consistently well for
quite some years. That's because the “Bone” relies upon
the‘quarterback to make it go.‘and the wishbone is hell on
quarterbacks. Pure and simple. ’ Z '

The wishbone requires that the quarterback‘run the ball
 a lot. This leads to quarterbacks getting hit‘  a lot.
which" causes injuries. A few,y.ears back. Torn Pratt
played quarterback ‘at Albany State. as well as anyone
We seen in Division 111, when he- was healthy. Unfor-

of games. Tom Roth. Pratt's successor. wasn’t given,

much of a chance. but his whole college career .was :

Let’s keep things straight from the boginriing. The last ,

tunately. Tom took ‘a few too many‘licks and missed a lot '

  
 
 

FRIDA Y. [MARCH 8. 1985' C1 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS s 5

Some helpful hints for Dane football program

4“  -u—H
.- ' ~ ‘ _ I

V.—

t
l

   

plagued by nagging foot and shoulder injuries, courtesy
of the wishbone.

Next came Mike Mllano. who was the main hope for
the'l984 Danes. Mike didn't fare too well either. Seems as ,
' . . . . , ,

1. ‘ 32:32,;th23.333111?" I completely Backup quarterback A1 Pedley takes a handolt Into game earlier this year.
in 1984. the Dane defense put a number of quarter- competition isn’t worth much when Dane players watch
, := backs in the orthopedic ward, but the wishbone put our the playoffs from the bleachers.

w men right in there beside them. Nothing was gained. i'd in '84, the Division 111 Danes played three of their ten
'.i like to see the Danes switch to an “1” formation. with on games against Division 11 teams and lost all three times.
come .0 Uanel'sily m- emphasis on Milano’s passing talents. Move Dana Melvin Those three losses‘alone would have been enough to

‘ ' ' ‘ - to ﬂanker to take advantage 01' his Speed. and keep Dave eliminate the Danes from the playoffs. On top of that
Gym tomorrow  Soidini at fullback to grind out the important yards. however, several top Division 111 teams were on the
night at 7:00 "i Coach Ford can still run a “Belly” series option if he schedule.
' * .  u- . must. rut it can onl be used sparingly to maximize effect
to watCh the Dane u ‘ and mihimize injuriesThe line would have to bulk up a Okay. i know Brockport and Marist are horrible and
gymnasts compete 'rt bit to make the “1" go,.but everyone knows linemen love they were both on the '84 schedule. Consider. though.
_ . n to lift weights anyway. that Marist is always the last game, so it really doesn t
m the  matter. Brockport is the only real rest stop on the
. Secondly, i think the schedule needs to be changed. All schedule and. n0 mailer hOW 800d 8 168m is. it cannot
‘ E; the members of the selection committee say that the beat great competition week after week after week. How
i schedule is a big factor in deciding who goes to the post- about the University of Rochester in place of one of the
season playoffs. That is bull. The truth of the matter is Division 11 schools next year? That WOUId be a nice start.
that. when selection time rolls around. a good team is Ford taught Al Bagnoli of Union to coach. and now
given far less weight than a good record. What matters Bagnoll goes to the playoffs every year after a cream puff
are wins and losses. Nothing more and nothing less. All regular season schedule. Perhaps thepupil can teach the
the talk in the world about improving through tough _ teacher. 1

good we can be unless bowlers u,
come out of the closet and show

their abilities to the rest of the p
bowling world." 1:1 I»

 

’7 I .__ N---— W.M.I

" I . Greyhound gives  ‘
' .' s  . theer   v;  ;

    
  
   
  
  
 

 

 

UPS

 

More under the heading of a pet peeve than that of a
serious problem; 1 don't think Division 111 footbaii .
players should have to go to "winter workouts." Twice a ,
week. in February, all the players have to show up at 7:00
am. at the gym for an hour of physical punishment. The
“workouts”, none of which have anything to do with ac-
tual football skills, are exhaustive to the point that
buckets are placed around the gym floor for athletes to
vomit into when the exertion becomes too much. Ten
hours of training in February won’t matter one bit in
September. especially when nearly all the players work
out in the weight room daily anyway. These “workouts”
are cruel coaching devices to weed out “undedicated”
players. in my opinion, spending i5 hours a week on
football during the regular season is more than enough
dedication.

 

 

 

 

_. ringBreak.

   

   
     

Those are my prescriptions for the football program
here at Albany State. Will any of them be filled? No. of
course not. Will Coach Ford do it his way, take the team
to the playoffs, and make me look foolish? 1 hope so. [:1

  
  

 

  
  

 

     

 

 

Albany hockey club faces
MVCC for Telethon ’85

By 'Larry Hanover Albany club will be trying to avenge an

 
 

cum  ~ ‘

   

 

Round trip. Anywhere Greyhound goes.

’lhis spring break. if you and your friends are

THE onenxrasr ‘
crua _

HELLMAN 1&2 “firth-‘33,:
nut-Minimums.“- ,
-~
VISION quasr _
TOWNEM 

BEVB'ILLS
. I

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  

This Saturday night, the Albany State
hockey club will be playing a game that
will serve three purposes. Not only will
the Danes be trying to beat their biggest
rival, Mohawk Valley Community Col-
lege. but they will be playing for charity
and thirdly. image.

The Danes will be donating all pro-
cecds from the game to support
Telethon. This will provide the oppor-
tunity for the students and ad-
ministrators 01 Albany to realize lllill

earlier 8-3 loss to M.V.C.C. on this. the
last game of the season. Tickets are
$1.00 for admission and $1.00 for the
bus and will be on sale today in the
Campus Ccntcr lobby.

Goal-A-Tlion “is to show the
students and administrators that we care
about the university and how lhcy vicw
us." says team member Drew Rubin.

The players hope that this game will
be remembered as the ‘coming out pur-
ty' for the Albany State hockey club. ‘ 1

days front the date of purchase.

So this spring break, vet a real break. 00 tiny-
whcrc Greyhoynd goes or $99 or less.

For more in omiatloii, call Greyhound.
JIISl SilllW “5 your CU“ch SilldClll  Card MINI¥MIIUIKIIKR1HICK1MMIMliltinuﬂllllrtmiw. Nuotl’itl'rltllsciliunts
, . . . . - . ' . t ’ . li'ki't’arctit ilnvts 'tiblt-ruid orlrtm- out It- Illlt .ncs. vita.
WllUl you purchase your (ire lound llLkLl. gmmqwhwfwﬁ," umﬂWmmEwimmm
Your ticket Wlil lhcn be goot for travel for 15 sis-in. )tlcrlinlllcd.Nolwllillntfauula.

there is a hockey club and they do repre-
sent Albany State. Many students don’t
even know that there is a club in school
because of lack of promotion. varsity
standing. and the absence of an" on-
campus ice rink.

According to president Drew Rubin.
the club might obtain its varsity stan-
ding withln two years. The promotion
campaign is beginning to increase and
there has been talk of the building of a
ice~tiockey rink. . 
l  ‘v'On‘metltne will be 5:00 p.m."and buses '
U 8 will be leaving the circle at 4:15 for
Center'Clty Rink in Schenectady. Thc'

   

 

 

tliinkingziboiit heading to the slopes, the beach or
‘ust liomc lorai Visit, Greyhound can take you there.
7orouly $99 or less, round trip.

 
 

     
     
     
  

Buses will leave for
Saturday’s hockey
game at 4:15

to the Center City
Rink in Schenectady.

  
   
  

    
       
  
      
   
 

    
 

    

 
 

U ltltk’ltlnwiuudi illt'l. liu'.

 

 

GO GREYHOUND;
And leave the driving tous.

 

 

 

 

 

     

  

 

 

 

 

 

The Albany State hockey club wlll large Mvcc tomorrow night.
g r.

,. .l,‘,,.‘...y,.,m4_anv   .   .a --  . a. ..   .. -.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

