 

2a" Aspects

£4;

£4“

éééé

éé

 

The summer of 1985 provided more than the
average number of good films. Though the youth-
oriented science pictures failed to generate much ex-
citement at the box-office. many other pictures
picked up the slack. There were the Spielberg films;

The Goonies. the re-releases of E. T. and Gremlins, ;

and the mega-hit Back to the: Futurethe zombie
ﬂicks; Day of the Dead and Return of the Living
Dead; and the sophisticated movies; Kiss of the
Spider Woman and Prizzi’s Honor.

if the summer of ’85 is going to remembered for
anything especially remarkable in the cinema scene,
it will be the return of the Western. With Clint
Eastwood's Pale Rider and Lawrence Kasden’s
Silverado, the Western returned in high style to
movie theaters that hadn’t seen any such fare in
close to ten years. '

Of the two. Kasden’s Silverado was a better
movie; replete with stampedes. homesteaders. an
evil sheriff. and a somewhat anti-climactic gun-
fight. Kasden delights in running through all the
best cliches and makes them fresh enough to pass
muster.

Using a young cast of likeable actors (including
Kevin Kline. of The Big Chill. in the key role of
Paden. a drifter who has been on the wrong side of
the law and isn't anxious to return there), Kasden's
Western had an epic feel. Shane it wasn't. but it
seems like it'll be remembered.

Pale Rider had something Silverado didn’t,
however. in the person of Clint Eastwood. whose
string of spaghetti-westerns made him a star in the
’60’s. Eastwood’s attempt to revitalize the genre
was interesting, but fell somewhat flat due to his
own pretensions. “The Preacher" is a familiar
character to Eastwood fans, with no more depth
than “The Man With No Name" had back when
Eastwood was just becoming a star. -.

Another annoying aspect of Pale Rider was it’s
somewhat overblown solemnity; as a young girl
prays for a miracle to save the miners from the evil
cattle-baron, we are treated to crashing thunder and
shots of a lone rider galloping across the plains.
Eastwood did give the movie some touches of
humor (not the least of which was making a
retributive gunman a preacher). but not enough to
save it from being no more than fair. Nonetheless.
it's an Eastwood Western. and. as such. it's fun.

Far and away the best movie of the summer,
though. was Robert Zemeckis' Back to the Future.
starring Michael J. Fox of Family Ties. Fox has
skipped over to the big screen with remarkable ease
as he takes on the role of young Marty McFly, a
high school student who accidentally sends himself
back in time. only to disrupt his parents first
meeting and endanger his own existence.

Fox had already displayed his comedic abilities in
his popular sitcom, but as a boy fighting off the ad-
vances of his amorous mother-to-be while trying to
make sure that he is going to be born. he made Back
to the Future something really amazing. He picks
up some help from Christopher Lloyd. who does a
hilarious turn as Dr. Emmett Brown, the inventor
of a time machine. Lloyd. best known as Jim from
the popular sitcom Taxi. almost stole the movie
from Fox with his wild-eyed professor; nevertheless
the two worked well together as a pair. which made
the movie that much more enjoyable. Zemeckis also
threw in several interestingly funny comments on
the differences (and similarities) between 1955 and
1985.

One of the season‘s biggest disappointments was
St. Elmo's Fire. a “Big Chill" type of movie about
a group of college students who. having graduated,
must now face life in the real world. Featuring some
of the best young actors in Hollywood. St. Elmo’s
Fire was interesting. but unsatisfying.

Judd Nelson. who was so good in The Breakfast
Club. seemed to pull in St. Elmo's. His attitudes
and reactions seemed vaguely familiar to his
Breakfast Club character. and the viewer found
himself thinking. “This is Judd Nelson acting
angry."

Ally Sheedy was good once again as Nelson's
girlfriend. who finds herself trapped in a highly
unlikely love triangle. and Emilio Estevcz wasvlurge-
Iy wasted in what basically amounted to a comic~
relief roic. St. Elmo's was fair; what really ranklcd
was that you could see a really good movie in there
somewhere that just never made it out.

Another cinematic dinosaur revived for the sum-
nter of '85 (no. not Godzilla) was the vampire film,
which reached what could have been its modern day
peak with Fright Night. a professional. respectable,
good~not-great horror film featuring Chris Sumn-

A;

 

' tree-m1}... -

McDowall as a horror talk-show host named Peter
Vincent. ‘ '. 
Sarandon's performance as the sensual. menac-
ing Jerry Dandridge. a vampire who looks like a
hairdresser until he gets angry. was an effective one.
McDowall's turn as an aging horror-movie star who
is forced to confront the fact that vampires are real
was a positive treat. and together they combined to
make us forgive the fact that young William
Ragsdale. who played the hero, was the biggest putz
ever seen in a vampire film (and vampire films are
full of putzes). The biggest weakness of Fright
Night wasn't even anybody’s fault - it’s just that a
vampire story set in modern-day middle—America

has two strikes against it right away. in l985. vam-- '

pires just don’t seem scary anymore. ‘

Nobody will ever know if zombies are scary in
l985. because the third part of George Romero‘s
overblown Dead trilogy. The Day of the Dead.
wasn't about zombies. . . it was about intestines. it
was a surprisingly enjoyable movie. as horror
movies go. but Romero is definitely of the “The
more gore the better" school of horror. This
cheapened both the suspense that the film occas-
sionally achieved and the humor that Romero threw
in intentionally. because all the gore became more
funny than his jokes.

Also. Romero didn't have characters. just stand-
up mannequins who were either Bad Guy Fascist
Army Types. or Good Guy Liberal Science Types.
in either case. they were nothing but zombie
fodder.

The Mad Max trilogy was wrapped up this sum-
mer also. as Mel Gibson returned for one more go-
round as that Ole Road Warrior. Max. Backed up
by a fruity. scene-chewing Tina Turner. Mad Max
Beyond Thunderdorne had all of the pretensions of
The Road Warrior without half the gritty action.
and so was about one-fourth as good. And that
means bad.

“"5'Séptembér 13, 1935;}

ummer Cinema ‘8

     
  
 

don as a vampire named Je yil'and Roddy "

 

 

  
  

as"

    
   
   

coon. touted as this summer’s one sure-fire
box office hit. lived up to the high expectations.
.tDirector Ron Howard's first film since Splash
' might better have been titled Close Encounters on
Golden Pond, as it dealt with four elderly couples’
reactions to an alien‘s offer of eternal life.

Any cast which includes Don Ameche. Gwen
Verdon. Hume Cronyn. and Maureen Stapleton,

Co

«ii.t

 

‘ among other seasoned veterans, makes for terrific

éé'

movie watching. in addition. Steve Guttenberg and
Tahnec Welch’. as an earthling and his extra-
terrestrial love interest. respectively. formed a char-
ming pair. Though one may question the obvious
ending. Cocoon's humane story and raunchy sense
of humor made the film a winner in every respect.
Rambo: First Blood Part ll earned distinction as
the most popular propoganda ﬁlm ever produced.
Though Sylvester Stallone outdid even lndiana
Jones in the action department. the sheer preten-
siousness of watching a one-man army destroy
everything and everyone in sight'was ridiculous.
The comic book action failed to mix with
Stallone’s overt political statements. as the au-
diences’ continual laughter proved. For sheer
thrills. Rambo was indeed awesome. but it worked
best when Stallone kept his mumbling mouth shut.

it multi-talented young director. Martha Coolidge.

A g 7 Real Genius represented the continued growth of

who previously helmed the whimsical. but little seen '

Valley Girl. successfully moved uptown with a
larger budget. The story concerned a brilliant kid
attending college years ahead of the average stu»
dent. Once there he is roomed with the previous
wunderkind. who was deftly portrayed by the
wacky Val Kilmer.

Together. they literally try to save the world from
a corrupt professor who is using their natural
abilities for his own gain. Coolidge possesses no
distinct personal style. which was a style within
itself. More thought went into Real Genius's clever
screenplay than would be exhausted on 20 Rumbas.

 

 

g l'

ééé

éééé

Aspects 3a

Real Genius challenged the viewer. a rarity in film
today. when the studio's main thought apparently
isi"let’s see how much (or little) we can get away
with this time." Coolidge may not become the next
Spielberg. but her work to date bodes well for
future recognition.

A View to a Kill certainly ranks as the worst of
the James Bond series. Roger Moore’s 007 looked
quite old, and the stale dialogue sounded even
older. The Bond girl here was the multi-untalented
Tanya Roberts. the Charlie's Angels alumnus who
made Jaclyn Smith seem like Kate Hepburn. She
couldn’t act her way out of a paper bag. A View to
a Kill utilized two villains this time out; Grace Jones
in a fun turn as May Day. and the laconic
Christopher Walken as the laconic David Bowie
clone, Max Zorin. Walken. normally a fine actor.
shared Robert's bag.

Director John Glen. who previously helmed the
successful Moonraker and For Your Eyes Only. at-
tempted to rely on stunts to quicken the pace.
However, this failed in no small part due to the
atrocious editing. which made it more than obvious
that a stuntman. not Moore. performed the
derring-do. During one car chase, the camera
caught a close-up of the driver (supposedly Bond).
only to reveal a long-haired stuntman concentrating
on earning his paycheck. With all due respect to
Moore. who does as best he can with the screenplay
and gravity against him. it’s time to infuse some
fresh blood and original ideas into the Bond sagas.

Return of the Living Dead was a hilarious send-
up of the Romero Dead trilogy. Originally titled
Brains, Return featured real dialogue and a real
story. It seems several zombies were created ac-
cidentally, captured, freeze dried. and sent on their
merry way by the government to be hidden.
However. the cannisters wound up at a medical
supplies dealer. whose inventory includes cadavers
and half dogs (yes folks. dogs cut down the middle)
for student use at schools. Suffice it to say a
creature escapes. and everything no longer living
returns for an encore. including the half dogs.

The zombies talked. laughed. and one even cried
when explaining that being a corpse is pure hell.
and painful to boot. Eating brains. explained the
talkative cadaver. eases the pain. The early scenes.
which poked fun at Romero. were actually quite
funny. But it was the ensuing scenes. which took on
a serious tone. that made Return a solid picture.
The poignant, abrupt kicker ending only added to
the feeling one was watching more than a schlock
gore film.

Though Back to the Future may have been the
summer's most enjoyable film. Prizzi’s Honor was
no less than the year’s best. The 78-year-old John
Huston’s umpteenth film offered Jack Nicholson as
a maﬁa hitman who fails head over heels in love
with a woman (Kathleen Turner) who turns out to
be an independent hitwoman contracted to ice him.
Turner and Nicholson both hit all the right notes in
their respective, superlative performances.

Though the film ran a bit long (nearly two and a
half hours). the extra character development, as
supplied by screenwriter Richard Condon. was well
worth the time. Anjelica Huston and William
Hickey. as Nicholson’s spurned girlfriend and the
ancient. wizened mafia don. respectively, will both
garner Oscar nominations of the “Best Suppor-
ting” variety. Also, don't be surprised if Prizzi’s
Honor walks away with honors for best picture and
director. No film is more worthy.

Whether some of the more recent. tail-end of the
summer movies will outshine their predecessor's re—
mains to be seen. but looking back on the summer
of '85. movie-wise. we've seen better. but
Hollywood doesn’t have anything to be ashamed
of. [I]

The ASP is proud to announce its brand new.
totally unique movie rating system. From now on.
motion pictures will receive zero to four asps. as
well as half asps (pardon the pun) when necessary.

g.mm
d; to

g g .5 -good

g g; é-HMMt

 

