 

SportsTuesdav

 

NOVEMBER 12, 1985

En gardelr _
Fencing comes to Albany
’State'

See page 18

 

 

 

Dane defense grounds Buffalo air attack, 20-0 -

By Marc Barman
(‘ONTRIEUTING EDITOR

The bruising Albany State defense did
everything right against Buffalo University
Saturday.

The defense scored one touchdown. set
up another. abrasively shut dowu the
Bulls' running attack and expertly shut
down “Dando's Airforce" —- the
nickname given to Buffalo’s pass-oriented
offense.

All that resulted in their second shutout

‘in three weeks as the Danes crushed the
Bulls 20-0. on a gray and rainy afternoon
at brand-new UB stadium.

Now, the Danes' playoff picture appears
clearer. They must beat nationally-ranked
Wagner this Saturday in Staten island and
pray that Ithaca can hold off Kings Point
and Hofstra can knock off Western Con—
necticut — three events that are far from
improbable.

But if it weren’t for the outstanding
defensive play Saturday. the Danes
wouldn’t be looking forward to anything
except Thanksgiving at home.

“The defense far exceeded our expecta-
tions," said Coach Bob Ford. “it was the
best defensive performance since last year
against lthaca. We were well-prepared
defensively."

The Danes held the Bulls to 56 net yards
rushing on 38 attempts. and 143 yards
passing. “The defense rose to the occa-
sion." said quarterback Mike Milano,
whose hand injury. suffered against
Hofstra. was healed by game time.

There seemed to be no letdown from a
defensive standpoint as the Danes hit
without abandon from the ﬁrst play to the
final one. “We were pumped.” said defen-
sive tackle George laccobacio. who
recovered a fumble at the Buffalo six
which led to Albany‘s first score. “There

‘ was no letdown."

The defensive stars were in abundance
Saturday. Cornerback Matt Karl,
nominated for defensive player of the
week. intercepted a John Mings pass and
returned it 23 yards for Albany’s second

 

a

 

HOWARD TVOAR UPS

Dana quarterback Mike Milano looks to pass agalnat Holstra. The Danes shut out

Buttan on Saturday.
touchdown. He also had seven tackles and
one quarterback sack.

Scott Dmitrenko. a huge linebacker. had
12 tackles, an interception and played an
integral role in stopping the Bulls’ short
yardage passing attack. “The quarterback
wasn‘t looking off his receivers,” said
Dmitrenko. “We knew where he was
going.”

Denis Murphy was his usual ferocious
self, accounting for eight tackles. “The
defense has played tough all year," Mur-
phy said. “i think we're starting to peak.”

Bulls’ coach Bill Dando implemented a
conservative offensive game plan, which is
a departure from recent Buffalo teams.
Traditionally known for its complex pass-
ing attack, the Bulls tried running the ball

against Albany and wound up with a vast
amount of third and long situations.
“They tried a reverse game plan on us,”
Murphy said.

Coach Ford disagreed with Dando’s
strategy. “They've lived by the pass,"
Ford said, “and they tried to change that
against us. You always want to add a new
wrinkle to a game plan. but you can’t get
away from what you do best.”

The Danes continued to utilize their best
weapon, the wishbone. but it had limited
success against a strong Buffalo defensive
unit led by 230«pound tackles Mark
Giacovelli and Dave May, and linebacker
Mike Laipple, who had 13 tackles. Caesar
Revano was most impressive of the crew,
gaining 53 yards on seven carries. Dave

Soldirti accumulated '52 yards on 13 nt-
tempts and Ro Mitchell compiled 45 yards
on seven carries.

“Their defensive tackles killed us.“
Ford said. “And the penalties hurt us. It
put us in a number of first-and-ZO situa-
tions and that just breaks your
consistency." ,

The Danes’ second drive of the game,
which ended on Buffalo’s one—yard line
after Soldini was stopped on a fourth-and-
goal play. led indirectly to Albany's ﬁrst ’
touchdown.

After Dane Hightower ran for a Buffalo
ﬁrst down at the eleven. freshman quarter-
back Mike Gentilella made an errant pitch
on an option and Iaecobaccio fell on it at
the six-yard line.

Milano threw incomplete to Revano on
the first play, and the quarterback ran for
a yard on second down. Ford. regarded as
having one of the more imaginative minds
in Division III football. lived up to his
reputation on third down-and-goal from
the ﬁve.

Wide receiver Chris Haynor. receiving a
handoff on a reverse option._ran wide to
the right with ample blockers in front of
him and hustled into the end zone with
4:14 left in the ﬁrst period.

“We weren't dominating the line offen-
sively,” said Ford, in explaining his play
selection. “I wasn‘t sure if we could get it
in the old-fashioned way."

Meanwhile, Dando was looking like
anything but a genius. in the second I
quarter trailing- 7-0, his Bulls faced a
fourth-and-goal situation at the one after
Albany stiffened on three plays. The
usually daring Dando elected to try a ﬁeld
goal, which went wide. Dando refused to
discuss the decision afterwards in the
dressing room, but Ford didn‘t.

“it’s important to get something on the
board right there.” Ford said. “They were
stuffed three straight plays and ‘didn’t
want to be stuffed again. But I guess if i
was the underdog l would've gone for a
touchdown.”

The Danes then took over from their 20

18>

Albany State skaters edge past Cortland , 6-5

By Lisa Jackel
and Olivia Abel

Over two hundred enthusiastic fans cheered on the
Albany State hockey club as they skated to victory over
the club from Cortland in their first home game of the
season Saturday night, 6-5.

Four or five of the players have played on the Division

 

 

 

NOWARD TVOAR UPS

The Albany hockey club won Its home opener

ll team at Cortland.

Albany had opened their season with a disappointing
loss against Binghamton last Friday, 7~2.

Head Coach Bruce Pomakoy was pleased with the way
the whole team played. saying that they played “ten times
better” than they did against Binghamton

“The team was really psyched - we had a lot riding on
the game,"said Pomakoy. “We're now in the Division it]
ranks. and we were playing our first home game. The
team kept their composure and showed lots of poise and
character.“

Albany dominated the ﬁrst ten minutes of the game, as
the puck rarely left Cortland’s side.

With 2:49 left in the ﬁrst period. sophomore Mike
Mondiello scored on an assist from Dan Esler.

Cortland came back to score with only 28 seconds left
in the first period, making the score l-l going into the se-
cond period.

Within the first tninute and a hall'of the second period.
Mondiello scored his second goal of the game with a shot
off a face off. Freshmen Dave Dalbek and Scott Ely
recorded assists on the goal.

Capitalizing on their opportunities and Albany‘s men-
tal mistakes. Cortland outscored the Danes 4-2 lit the se-
cond period.

“We weren't thinking iii the second period. We were
ottt of position and there was a lot of wasted energy,”
said senior Jim Leskody.

After Cortlund's second goal of the second period.
Dalbek received the puck front Ely on a face offend beat
the Cortland goalie on the short side with a snapshot.
evening the score 3~3. Cortland added two goals. and

Albany trailed 5-3 going into the third period.

Coach Pomakoy gave words of advice and encourage-
ment in the lockeroom before the start of the third
period. He went over the basics with the team and stress-
ed “good hard work."

“During the second period. we weren’t back checking
hard enough. and we lacked intensity. but the coach came
in and pointed out what we were doing wrong, and we
came back in the third period," said Leskody.

Albany came out with intensity in‘the third period. and
within two minutes frosh Jim MacLear's unassisted goal
brought Albany within a goal.

Albany evened the score again. making it 5-5 as senior
Rich Diem passed the puck across an open slot to
sophomore John Franz. who tipped it in. Also assisting
Franz's goal was senior Paul Essner.

Albany and Cortland scrapped for the game winning
goal. until Albany's Diem scored with only 1:53 left in
regulation on assists from Mike Cavanaugh and
MacLear.

Albany lead in shots on goal. 54-28. Leskody and Rug-
gerio combined for 23 saves.

“The positional and total defensive structure was vast-
ly improved front our last game against Binghamton."
said assistant coach Ed Rosen. “We had good quality
shots. a lot from in close."

.Pomukoy thought Cortland played a sloppy and
disorganized game. but admitted that they picked up a lot
of Albany's mental mistakes during the second period.

Cortland’s goals in the first two periods were mainly
off screens and tip-ins. .

19>

 

