 

Frat halls?

At the beginning of every year, hun-
dreds of SUNYA dorm residents find
themselves sharing bathrooms and‘
lounges with students they’ve never met
before; students with a broad range of in-
terests and attitudes; students who like
Led Zeppelin and students who like Bob
Marley; students who like to turn in at
dawn and students who prefer to start
their day at sunrise.

At the end of every year hundreds of
SUNYA dorm residents have learned to
live together, not necessarily in peace, but
at least in tolerance. V

Many would agree that this is an impor-
tant facet of their education at SUNYA.

Next year, however, it seems that some
on-campus students will be exempt from
this education; Director of Residential
Life John Martone has agreed to allow
two fraternities to have their own
residence halls, probably on Colonial and
State quads. On .the positive side, these
fraternities will, no doubt, participate in a
lot of campus activities and help improve
school spirit by cheering on the Great
Danes at sporting events. Residential Life
officials are also hopeful that thefrater-
nities will paint their dorm and take good
care of it. '

But dorm living should foster integra-
tion and diversity. Fraternities pretty
much do just the opposite. The members
are selected through an exclusive process
designed to amass a group of people with
fairly similar attitudes. Then the members
are trained to conform.

cross section of students usually found in
a dorm," the fraternity members deal only
with ‘students they've'sele'ct‘éd" a‘S” iriirror
images of themselves.

There's also a danger that,‘frat leader-
ship would assume the role currently per-
formed by quad board, making social life
on the quads heavily fraternity oriented.
Again, this may be great for school spirit,
but unlike fraternities, anyone can join
quad board, and quad boards hold events
for everyone.

And even if these fraternities offer
valuable services to the community,
should they really be entitled to special
housing privileges especially when univer-
sity officials have predic. :d that next
year’s housing will be in even shorter sup-
ply than this year?

The plans to house fraternities on this
campus clearly has benefits for school
spirit and service. Unfortunately it may be
at the price of diversity.

 

 

So instead of living with the unique I

 

 

 up inns"... _...u,......-.~a Mvztnok-M'uhru o. “mu. .-.... ,

 

routes WE'LL
JUST HAVE To WAIT 4-
UNTrL WERE OLDER

AND MORE MATURE-f.

 

       
 
  

  
 
  

 
 

 

«steam

College Press Service

 

 

Death punishment

On July 2, l976, two days before our nation’s 200th
birthday, the Supreme Court of the United States, ruled
that capital punishment was neither cruel nor unusual.

 

LRonald Davids on i . 7 .

 

This mandate has now placed approximately 1300
men’s and women's lives in acute danger. I

The recurrent theme is: capital punishment is a strong
deterrent. In this writer‘s opinion, nothing could be fur—
ther from the truth. Capital punishment never has, nor
ever will be, a deterrent in the majority of “capital
crimes." .

To begin with, what exactly is a capital crime? While
most people envision it to be murder alone, many other
crimes such as treason, rape and mayhem are included. It
all depends on the state the crime occurred in. The federal
government recognizes several, including: airplane hi-
jacking, treason, and espionage in time of war and/or na-
tional emergency. There is no steadfast rule as to what
constitutes a capital crime. Many European countries —,-
namely Sweden, Denmark, West Germany, and Finland,
to name a few — have completely abolished the practice
of capital punishment. Our neighbor, Canada, has also
abrogated this nonreversible act without any: mentionable
increase of capital or major crime (see Studies on Senten-
eing, Law Reform Commission of Canada."l97,4).

In .regard to capital punishment '5 deterrent effect,

Since Jack Ruby killed Lee Oswald on‘ millions of ’TV
screens, and the Viet Namese battlefronts were well

covered for public viewing, Americans for the most Partn .
are very much used to seeingfmurder. ...Deseﬁrtsi‘tizcd,l if. _.

\.‘lg-.‘

you will. But to show it outright, in‘ a’ tare-prams;
precise, economically controlled_m§nner, devoid of any
emotion (except on the Bag; ref-the prisoner) would be just _
too much for most Americans to hear. The majority are
content to allow such murders to occur quietly in out-of-
the-way prisons, by hired or‘volunteer executioners. “Out

‘ of sight, out of mind” is every apt maxim.~~‘

lrisetad of capital punishment — or, indeed, any
punishment — l believe alternatives to capital-punish-f”
ment and incarceration must be developed,.Syveeping '
changes thronghout the criminal justice system must be :'
accomplished, as well as the total restructuring of

present~day forces of crime deterrence. We must: also
radically expand and modernize our court system, mak-
ing jury trials a prevailing reality and rule instead of an
ideal and the exception. , .

We must also multiply probation and parole services
many times over, creating community based rehabilita-

. tion centers and staffing them with qualiﬁed persons. In

many studies have shown that most capital. crimes.

(murder in this case) were committedon the spur of the
moment. These were formErly'reférred to as the'f“heat of
passion“ crimes. "As such, the person engaging in the
.crime gave little thought as to his actionsulet alone to the
consequences. ' "j

in the l800's it was the common practice to hang horse
thieves, burglars, and even pickpockets. Yet, it is a well-
known fact that when such executions occurred, there
was a great deal of pickpocketing going on throughout
the watching crowd. The reason Was simpleﬁthe people

'so doing, full legal rights should be afforded to all people.

Our government should cherish and strengthen those
rights by which individuals may defend themselves
against thestate. _ g   . J.

Even the most,a.llegedly dathrous-mental patient and
appalently incorrigible, violent-criminal should have
every‘civil right accorded him, as well as every opportuni-
ty to prove himself neither dangerous nor deserving of ex-
cessive confinement. ' M  _

This wholesale and revolutionary :reconstructive pro-

} cess of the criminal justice system would, atl'g'e‘sh‘ contain

4...

were looking upward, engrossed at watching the man be-. '

ing executed! Obviously, a man being httng for
pickpocketing did not have much deterrent effect on the
pickpockets in the audicttcel

From a moral standpoint i find it difficult to justify
taking a life under any circumstances, with the exception
of protecting one's life or the life of another from im-
mediate danger. But i cannot see the point of executing a
man for rt crime committed months before. once he has
been subdued and “safely locked away." it then
becomes revenge. pure and simple: as such, it should be
so defined. it would not serve to justify such an act,
citlter, for it would only provide eupitcntisms which tend
to blunt pcoples' logic and better sense of justice.

Furthermore. if capital punishment has such beneficial

effect itt preventing crime, why is it not broadcast on net—
work television? Could l', he that an American “
could not bear to see such a horrible spectacle? I feel not.

crime, but not eliminate it or even reduce it significantly
at the source. Hand in hand with a massive remodelying
of the criminal justice system, there must be a far greater
commitment than Americans have thus far shown in
making our country a truly open society. '

There must be a wiping out of economic and political
disadvantages of being Black, Puerto Ricnn. lndian. or
Mexican-American; and measures must be taken to bring
minorities into the mainstream of American life. This
would take place not be means of larger handouts, in-
creased welfare payments, etc., but by means of more
daring and difficult measures: These should comprise
massive efforts to prividc equal educational and job op-
portunities, and other intensive programs designed to
erase the borders of ghettos, be they physical or mental.

in short. anything and everything should be under-
taken to provide all Americans equal opportunity to pro-
fit from abilities and potential; equal reason to respect
themselves: equal capabilities to protect themselves
against the might of the state; and equal cause to belieVe
in and to preserve liberty. ' .

The author Is an Inmate at Elm/ra'f’rison

,..

i

 

i
i

 

 

 

. .W‘Wi’i‘ﬁiiﬁf!‘

Fight for,” freedom

To the- Editor: ‘

Apartheid is no longer a foreign'term to most people.
The American people are waking up to the realization
that we have an obligation to defend the native African
right to freedom in their homeland. American students
have traditionally played an intricate role in the cons-
cience of the United States. We must now carry on with
this role., -.

‘ SASU’s Third World Caucus, the largest state student
Third World organization in the nation is rising to‘ the oc-
cassion. As educated people we have the obligation and

responsibility both to educate people on the evils of apar-'

theid and to organize people against apartheid. The stu-
dent organizations on your campus will soon be cir-
culating letters addressed to your state legislators re-
questing that they vote favorably on two 'bills. One of
these bills, A250, introduced by SenatorLeort Bogues and
Assemblymembers Arthur Eve and Herman Farrell, is
designed to bring about an end to New York State sup-
port of the apartheid government through investments
and business dealing with South African-based com-
panies. Bill 431 is being introduced by the two
‘Assemblymembers; its intent is to restrict the depositing
of state pension funds into banks which invest in South
Africa. We urge you to sign these letters.

These is an issue which even more directly relates to
students. SUNY Binghamton and Plattsburgh have food
service contracts with the Marriott Corporation; Marriott
is heavily ‘in‘tiested in South Africa. Students attending
theseSUNY schools who live on campus are forced to
purchase the meal plan supplied by Marriott.. Student
money. is and .invested into South Africa and used to op-
press native Africans. Marriott helps aid the starvation of
millions of children while SUNY students are forced to
purchase food from Marriott. We cannot allow this'cycle
of pain to continue. The Third World Caucus is staging a
peaceful protest on the Plattsburgh campus on March 25,

 

r . v  -. .

   
  

" f. ‘3 p ‘ ' I Eunbllrhodlniﬂld
'7' Heidi Jo Grill-3 Ediloi In Chldl ‘
Dun Chang. John Keenan. Managing Editors

v“ i " ‘ t 3 InmuO‘Sulilvan
........AIIeI-CImbore

um. saunt-

 

 

 

 

 

 

'1 _ Ginsberg
Movlu Fdﬂm ‘ - I-n Spelling
. .. . u . nut-tam.
3M. 2.... yum-n ‘
A ‘ l A or  u l t r
r ., .Edltor ' u , '
Cow

 

Jrny Compton. David L.l.. Lukln. Senior Editor-

Conldbuilng Editor. Joseph Fuaoo, Michelle Kroli. Wayne Peoreboorn,
Judy Total Editorial Ant-tents: Michelle Buuhdr. Cathy Errlg. Ilene Wrina-
taln. stall vrrllerl: Barbara Abrrhlmer, Donn- Allman, Lorilr Cit-ll. Johann;
Clancy. Jacquie Cilrk, inn Clemente. Ken Dombaum, Belle Dumbo. Beth Fin-
nernn. Ronald Brant Gent-n. Bob Hanton.‘ Eric Hindon, Mandi Kurt, J. Michael
Mal-c. Citrlllind Reiiott, Pam Schuslrtmln, Rich Sheridan. Mlehul Skoinick,
David Werthelm. Spectrum Editor: Brenda sch-offer Stall Artist: Gary Palmer

chrlr Iinghl, Bullnuu Mung-r
Lynn subvlr. Areocilil Eualnqu Manager-
Mluro Kotlrtl. Rhonda Wolf. Amnlalrin'mildgrm
‘ . Mlitr Krelrnor.‘ Bot" Manger _

..Goy Peron
.Klreri Devil
or If!" rnrtor, ID irirhrr, Marc lgloberrtta Rlch'Lllt, ‘
Judy Torch, Adv. llin‘I’Produc . Llu ﬂiohior, Donlro Cutro o;-Totul
Glee-lune. Eileen Kolbnuk. Alice Mchr'rnotHocltl Midi-pity. AttirPIpImy..
Mike Sehlllr’o', Oiiip'o Stall: KI'thy-Fhlcnullor. Linda Delgdao. Marlorlo Rem -.
"r‘ "... - . , t,

 

  
   

  
 

   
 

   

 

   

that, Stephanie Gehenrul " '

’ Adam B. Englo. Patricilualgnnolp, Production Managers
' . II r . t

wtgr... -

 

 

chlri Typeuller .. ,....‘..t..LI_ncey tloyrnan
Typielr. Debora Adelmlnn, Jeannine Dlenuuo, Batch Errol-rid, pave Jonu. _

Lawrence, D. Darrel stat. M.D.Thomplcn, Ch-uliouru: Warren Hurwlir,

Richard Sheridan
Photography principally supplied by Univ-rally Photo Service. a student
rcup.

Chill Photographer: Erch Bpiegoi UPI atoll: Bit-Ii Albert. Amy Cohen. Marla
Culllnan, John Curry, Lynn Drallul, Cindy Golwoy. Adam Ginsberg, Robert
Hanemlnn. David lance. Kenny Klrlch, Robert Luckey. Ezra Mourer. Mliit
Madlavllia. Chris Oralnl, Lina Bimmone. Robert Bcuay. David 5trick.'Howard
quar .

Entire eonirniu copyright till Albany student Pru- corporrtlon. Ill righlr
rel-nod. I ' . r
The Albany student Prue is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
Annual and June by lite Albany Student Press Corporllion. an Independent
not-iorprolit corporation. ‘ ' .

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chill ,wilh member: at "I. Editorial
Board: policy in subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
lluau not nrtcelnrily rotlect odilorlll policy.

. Mailing addroru: _
All:an student Fruit, cc an
"00 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(01!) iii-08921332213369

 

unlit-candor, Rina Young ‘

.  t. _ V

Carrie Bubs, Pam straubor. Pnloupi Chrii'bdiitmrév, E. Phillip Hoover. Judy "

  "mic integrity

 

 

 



I985. We will also have a press conference to air our
views on this and other activities which perpetuate un-
fairness to students in SUNY. We are counting on
students from all over the state to attend this protest.
Contact your campus cultural organization or student
association for' more information on this and mark your
calendar. ,

I urge you to support these ventures. Remeber students
have always been in the forefront of activism. The Third
World Caucus will assure that we continue to Push On
'Without Ever Resting. if you would like to get involved,
write: SASU Third World Caucus, One Columbia Place.
Albany, New York l2207. '

--Mlcltale L. Edwards
Third World Caucus Chiar

Misguided criticism
To the Editor: ',
Ignorance is one of those aspects of the human species
which can ultimately lead to one's downfall. It is also an
attribute which leads to many misunderstandings and
misinterpretations of specific situations. One such in-
stance of ignorance, which i would like to address is the
misguided criticism of University Auxiliary Services on
Alumni Quad. -
As a student-worker at UAS I feel that I am in a posi-
tion‘to enlighten those who are ignorant of the facts.
While it may seem that there are more people working
at UAS, this is simply not true. In fact, the total hours
worked by students has been cut and there are less people
working per meal. The new faces seen are of those hired
to replace graduating seniors. ’
There are many reasons why, occassionally, the alter-
native dish, glasses, and knives run out. First-of all, dur-
- ing the past month or so, about a hundred less people a
night have shown up for dinner. This results in a lot of
wasted food. To compensate, less food is initially
prepared, however, when a larger crowd comes down, it
takes a,little time to prepare additional food. No one is

sever turned away without being served a meal.

As far as knives and glasses are concerned, one could
probably ﬁnd a large supply of silverware and glasses in
the rooms of those same disgruntled students who do all

of the complaining. And why do students have to take 

three to four glasses“ befbre.‘théy sit down?.‘Would it be’
such a hassle to make a trip about thirty feet to get
'something else to drink? l’m sorry, but if they want to be
served hand and foot, let them go home to their mom-
mies. Even so, management does and“ is constantly
reordering more silverware and glasses to replace those
that are lost. ' ' ‘
The ﬁnal fact which needs clariﬁcation is that “it's not
my job" crack. If a UAS worker said
“it’s not my job," he/She. was probably justiﬁed in say-
ing so. Every-worker at UAS is given speciﬁc respon-_.
sibilities and if ‘you ask someone who is doingbeverages
to get you peanut butter, that is not their responsibility.
So long its you are directed to another worker or told, ‘l’ll

1  someone to get'it‘,J one should have a little patience

and understanding. That'same worker was probably busy

replacing milk, soda, juice or getting additional glasses
for somebody else. " ' '

One should remember that 903 percent of UAS workers

V on Alumni Quad are students too, who get paid the

minimum'wagetvvith yearly raises of 5 cents) and have to

' worry about tests and computer program deadlines just.

like those same people 'who expect service equivalent toga

. H'ufancy‘rest‘u‘t'trant.‘ if students Were to treat us with a little

' more respect and courtesygrather than like, servants Who,

‘ they expect to-jitmp everytlme grungy. le'yoptplainlabout a

‘mlssing 'item, they would find us'to' be'very,,aecom-
modating to any request. - ‘ 

.;. ‘l hops; that. I_ have been‘ablerto reiplitce-igrrotgance'wi'ch‘

 
   

a
..
a
S
'2
g
_ 2n
:3
n
a
2
a
..
O
s.

—-J.ic:atlzone

'To the Editor: . I -

it's very easy to criticize the Student Association and its
endeavors when. one is only aware 'of a limited number of
facts. We would like to address Elizabeth Reich and
Thomas Ruller as to their letter of March 5, questioning
'the “academic integrity"'of the newly formed TeSt Bank.

These students believe that “vending exams diminishes
the value of the SUNYA diploma." Are we also to
assume that a Bachelors degree from institutions such as
Harvard, Princeton, and Columbia are lacking merit
simply because they too have successful Test Banks which
have been in operation for many years now? Highly
unlikely. ,

Perhaps the conditions surrounding the Test Bank are
not very clear. First of all. the Test Bank “cleans” all ex-
ams prior to reproducing them. There are no answers
distributed with the exams. These exams are a study aid, ‘
not a study substitute. Secondly. it it unfair to makeex-

 

 

ams accessible to all students when we are well aware that
many students have an unfair advantage when they ob-
tain previous exams through various “grapevine con-
tacts”? This is also compounded by the fact that many
professors give the same or similar exams repeatedly. This
would encourage professors to change and update their
exams. ,

It is our opinion that the allegation that SA is “corn-
promising its ideals" is highly unwarranted. We must
stress here that the Test Bank is in no way a substitution
for attending class and studying hard. There is no short—
cubto knowledge and students must realize this. Merely
knowing the questions does not guarantee one the
answers. , .

Having received stacks of exams and other material
from faculty members themselves, weare led to believe
that there are many in the university community who sup-
port this endeavor.

V —Bill McCann

Vice Chair, Central Council 1

——Lynn Livanos
Central Council

Inappropriate funding

To the Editor:

This April, a'very important referendum will be voted
on here at SUNYA. At issue will be whether or not every
student should be required to fund the New York Public
Interest Research Group (NYPlRG). In the past, this was
hardly a controversy as students voted overwhelmingly in
favor of mandatory funding. This year, however, things
are different. Student awareness has arisen and NYPlRG,
for the ﬁrst time in its brief history, is on the defensive.

Why are so many students beginning to challenge
NYPlRG? The answer lies in its funding mechanism.
Students are starting to question why they are required to
give $6.00 to a special interest group they may or may not
believe in. Although many students might agree with
NYPlRG's positions on issues, very few approve of the
way they force students to contribute to them.

And this disenchantment is by no means unique to
SUNYA. Across the nation campus after campus is put-

ting a stop to this practice“ Just last year alone saw '

students atrDuke University, East Carolina, the Universi-
ty of Denver, 'and Idaho State vote down compulsory fun-
ding. This year serious challenges are being levied in_
Michigan, New Mexico. and California. Here in New
York, no ‘serious opposition has emerged to challenge
PlRG, but it most‘ surely will in" the near future.
NYPlRG's “great” victories in Buffalo and Syracuse
were in actuality very shallow and short-term ones, for
they met only minimal opposition'at best. A serious cam-
paign would have seen them defeated in both cases.
Of course, NYPIRG is aware of this and has launched
a serious campaign to secure their money. Indeed. one
cannot blame them as they obtain over $60,000 at Albany
and over $800,000 statewide, and to lose this revenue
would surely be painful. But just as “all good things must
come to an end,” so must NYPlRG‘s funding scheme.
Coercive fees are on the way out, and here in Albany it is
just a matter ofwhen. . -
——Cralg .l. Rocker

e a ‘ o
LIVC by your chmce-
To the Editor: ~ . ‘ ‘j ' f
In alrecent‘ASP letter SA Vice President Suzy Auletta
wrote concerning the bus service at this ,University.‘ 'l hate
to say this. but she. is wrong in condeminthhis service.

First of allthis bus service wasn't setup to pecoquate , .. .

rt...

off-campus students. It was set up to shuttle students

‘ -from the Alumni campus to the uptown one. The Univer-

sity is doing the off-campus students a favor by letting the
bus make stopsralong the way. The University has no
obligation to provide this, service to off-campus Students.
it is only fair t ’at the University ask these students to pay
‘a fare share'ofthe costs”. Miss Auletta if the University
wasn't so 'generous to offvcampus students they would
either be forced to drive up or use CDTA transportation.
Both of these alternatives are much more expensive com-
pared to the bus service.

Secondly most of these students have chosen, on their
own free will to live at Alumni or off-campus. They knew
about these ltassels when they made their choice attd now
these students must live with their choice. Miss Attletta
you also complain about standing out in tire cold while
fottr full buses pass you. Let me ask you a 'simple ques-
tion,‘if these buses are full where are you going to stand?

- Do you want the bus to stop just tosee that you can't get

on because they are full? i see no justiﬁable reason that
all these students already on the bus should be late just
because you want to see if you can get on and as you said
the buses are full and you can't get on. '
You can't have the best of both worlds. You chose to
live of f-campus, you must now live with your choice.
V—Nlilltt withheld by request

 

