4

w... ....;....._......_.V .. m...“ of.-. .._-. an...“ ...........-... .....

‘ 2655,0533. ALBANYSTUDENIPRBSS D .IUBSQAZ 10.4,”:

 

ﬁlbony Stu-te-
@@l'fl‘[l @l @ﬂﬂlﬂ 2

Welcomes New Members
Interested in

 

X-Country Skiing. Backpacking.
Hiking. Rock Climbing, Caving,
 Winter Mountaineering. ‘
Conocing. Sailing

 

 

 

and mere.

MEETINGS EVERY *
WEDNESDHY a PM
L: 22 ‘

 

 

   

We
Willows

1095 Central Ave.

459-5959

Welcome Back Studentsll

 

r Little Anthony’s is here to serve
you the BE homestyle pizza
around! 5 sizes - delivered
Hot to your dorm in record
'« ’ time. Our delivery service is
.‘ I. First, Fast, 6: Free! Watch
' . for our ﬂyer specials! (When

  
    

a calling please refer to the
7 “SONY Special”)
M y We also serve delicious subs!

. . 4" \

  

 

By Rachel Braalow
STAFF WRITER

What can a cross country coach
reasonably expect from a team that won
the 1984 SUNYACs. competed in the
NCAA Division 111 meet thepast two
seasons. is returning fourof last years top
seven runners and supports not only three
‘ coaches. but two managers as well?

That question continues to bafﬂe cross-
country coach Keith Munsey as the start of
the 1985 cross country season is rapidly ap-
proaching. However, things look promis-

. and Jeff Wallace. .

Munsey said."0ur runners number one,
through fourteen have lots of depth.
however. for runners number one through
five depth doesn't matter. the question is
the quality up front. We will have some
quality and it may be a surprise to see who
it is."

Returning varsity men — seniors Ian
Clements. Craig Perlado. Chuck Bronner
and Junior Timm Hoff — look strong and
ready for _another cross country season.
Munsey added that senior Kevin Sheehann
along with juniors Dave Blett. John Glaser

<28

“These are the most experienced pair of
quarterbacks I’ve ever had,” said Ford.
“Seldom do we have two quarterbacks
that have started at least eight games
.. apiece."

At fullback is Dave Soldini. who set
Albany State’s single-season rushing
record last year, compiling 1.022 yards.
Dana Melvin will start at one halfback
position. while Cesar Revano and Ro Mit-
chell will share starting duties. '

The running backs will be hurt by the
loss of 250-pound offensive linemen Tom
'Jacobs and John Sawchuck.

“They were two great. physical guys,"
said Ford. “Anytime it was third-and-one.
we'd come'over J take and Sawchuck. You
can’t replace them: they left big shoes to
fill."  .

The rest of last year‘s offensive line is '
returning. led by center Pat McOrllough.
left guard Mike Moriarity and left tackle
Ross Setlow. who is coating off knee
surgery. Charlie Guddemi and Mike Rule
fill the other slots on the line.

At tight end. Scott Barker and his
backup Scott Reagan return. as do split
ends John Donnelly and Chris Haynor.
making up a strong receiving corps.

There are some familiar faces on the
defensive line, as Dennis Murphy. Chris
Esposito and George lacobaccio return to
anchor the line. The Danes were dealt a
severe blow when defensive standout Ron
Washington didn't return to Albany this
year. in his place is Greg Hart. who was a
starting‘member of Albany’s basketball
team for the past two years. .

“Greg was a better high school football
player than he was a basketball player."

Netmen preview
<28

know they lost their number one player
and we have our top four back."

Lewis pointed out that a disadvantage to
playing West Point so early in the season is
that. the Cadets started practice three
weeks earlier than Albany.

“We all got back last Sunday. so

‘Charlle Hustle '
<27

Dave Parker was on second base with
the score tied 1-1 two out and Concepcion
coming to bat in the ninth. if the Padres
had decided to walk Concepcion. Rose
might have put himself in for catcher Bo
Diaz. “1 was debating whether to hit for
Do." Rose said. "I was thinking they
might put Davey on base. But now we’ll
never know. will we "

The Reds announced that tonight’s

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
  

game is sold out. Rose plans to start

mew" M-...._-...,- .. meta.-. t...”

ing for coaches Munsey. Chris Callaci.‘
Chuck Racey and managers Mike Bizonvi I

Goat Dane football preview

       

.Hanier'slkin-trepea; 7'  t

and Rami Hyari look tough. as do
sophomores Paul Dietz arid Patrick Paul.
Sophomore transfer Trevor Hash. from
the University of Houston. will provide

some stiff competition as will transfer Tim -

Rogers. Charlie Blanchet. a'n Albany.
trackman. will run his first cross country
season. along with freshmen Dan'JoeeUn
and Vernon-Miller.

New coaching strategies include taro
workouts a day. twice a week. and seeing
more leg speed develop in the, barriers.
Munsey said. “ Our initial goal is to repeat
injure SUNYACs and after that are it as it
comes." He would also like to see; the
teams 196-76 dual met record reach the 200
mark as soon as possible. -

The runners too are optimistic in their
feelings towards the upcoming cross coun-
try season. “It's really good. everybody is
together. it’s a cut throat year with a lot of
competition within the team. But thecom-
petitive. optimistic: attitude in ‘ which
everyone wants everyone to do well is real-
ly important." summarized Blanchet
about the teams attitude.

Putting together a team as strong as the
1984 one will be. a huge task for Munse'y.
However. with the depth the Dane barriers
possess. it is certainly not impossible. El

said Ford. "He was like Ichabod Crane
when he ﬁrst came here. But he built
himself up in weight training. and he was a
mean sucker on‘the floor last year. He‘s
aggressive. mean and pretty damn strong.
He makes freshman mistakes, but that’s
what he really is." _

At linebacker, Fiank Sarcone will start.
_with Scott D'mitrenko and Bo Murphy
sharingthe starting duties at the other
spot. Dmitronko. who played comerback
last year. may see some action on the line.
During the off-season. Dmitronko bulked
up from 195 pounds to a 232-pound “big
horse." Ford said.

In the defensive backﬁeld. Matt'Karl
returns and . will be paired with Rich
Kosak. a transfer from the University of
New Hampshire. At safety. ECAC All-
East Wayne Anderson will be back with
sophomore Kerry Carrol. The other star-
ting position will be contested between
Mike Rieger and Wagner transfer Jerry
Brown.

Scott Reagan will be handling the kick-
ing duties and Tony Amarante will be the
punter. The versatile Anderson will once
again be returning punts and will share
kickoff returning duties with Mitchell and
Revano. ‘

“We have to be careful with Wayne.”
said Ford. “He’s sort of the franchise back
there. He's exciting to watch. and he’s so
physically gifted. But he's a little bit of a
hotdog."

With the team's tough schedule. Ford is .'

willing to let the chips fall where they may.

“All I ask is that the team plays up to its
potential," said Ford. “We'll have to play
exceptionally well against everybody to
win." El

Wednesday seems so immediate to he play- -

ing. " said Eisenberg. “West Point will be
tough, one of our tougher teams. it would
be nice to knock them off."

Eisenberg concluded. “For the seniors.
this year will be sort of a last hurrah. We
are all looking forward to it. I feel we
should do well. i have high expectations.”

against right-header LaMarr Hoyt. who
won the Cy Young Award with the
Chicago White Sox in 1983. Hoyt is known
for his control. which Rose ﬁgures will be
to his advantage.

"1'" be sky-high. 1‘“ be about 6-foot-6
tomorrow night. I'll be this far off the
turf." Rose said. holding his hand severnl
feet off the ground. '

Although he has snuggled up to Cobb at

4.191. Ross said his next hit will be the one. '

that’s important.

 

  
 
 
 

  
  

9

 
 

  
   
   
  
   
  
   
 
 
 

I _ ‘ Mummstms

~ State women's

By Marc Barman
901th01108 '.

The ages of the players have not increas-
ed from last season's youthful Albany
 teamibut the
wealth of talent has. according to coach
Amy Kidder. ,_

‘ Last season’s 5-10 squad featured 12
freshman; this year's team' boasts 11
rookies. five sophomores and only; one
senior. Experienced‘on the collegiate level
the player are not; howevergthe'Danes are
expected to be"‘competitive' on‘ the
SUNYACleveI. ' ‘y',’ '  ' h ‘ ;

"‘Our talent pool is one of the highest
ever." said Kidder. thefDanes' soccer
coach for six years.’-",'.‘lf w  ‘click
together as a team early. well it nde
chance at post season play entire state“:

level." V /

That: was the Danes‘ "problem " last
season. failing to jell as an untilfthe
final games of the.season.fB whén‘the
younger players got used to'  other.
and Kidder's .style of play. they reeled off
three consecutive victories ‘to‘lclose out the
seasonf‘. V'  ' ‘ ‘. V. ‘ _

“As far as we are concerned." said Kid-
der. “we're on a three game winning _
streaK going into this season and‘trylng to
keep it up.” _

Four starters are returning from last
season including its leading scorer-Joanna
Lazaridis. who accounted for seven goals

By Kristine Sauer .
smarsanms

“Linda Meyers. recently-hired as Albany

_ State’s first full timewomen's tennis

coach. hopes to build up the women’s
p -r o g r ~a'~m.'

The women’s tennis teams haven’t fared
too well in the past. Last spring's season
was considered adequate. as they placed
high in the SUNYACs. The blggestpro-
blem was their knack for losing many close
matches.

Meyers. originally from Cleveland.
Ohio. studied as an undergraduate at
SUNY Cortland before getting her Masters
at Ohio State. She had been teaching and
coaching at Colby College in Water'ville.
Maine. At Colby. she coached both men's

SPORTS BHEFS

  
 

and three asststs‘ . I . .
The foward from Levitown. Long Island is

expected once again to be the main cog in . ‘

the offense. '

She will be joined bymidfielder Mary
Dulkis.‘who scored four goals and three
assists. “She's a phenomenal player." said
Kidder. ‘ ‘ ‘ _ ‘ ‘

Kim Koselak. a basketball player in the
winter. has'been named co-captain after
totaling“‘fiv'e points in her sophomore
season.‘,“She's a real consistent player. a
good defensive player and she chips in with
goals.”said‘Kidder. ‘.

Scoring goals was something that came a
bit _toof"infr’equently for Kidder's team in
1984.“; total‘of zoigoals in' 15 games
rahk’e'd "as “one‘ .of the worst in the

‘ SUNYACs’J’This  the coach is expec-
' ting an increase in scoring production. In

the scrimmage Sundayth the Alumni
team. the Danes registered three goals.
“We showed scoring punch." said Kidder.
“I liked what I saw sunday.‘ ’

Defensively. 'Albany' sizes up well with
Sharon Yabionski at sweeper back and
Cheryl Henson at stopper. Captain Laura
McGr'ath. the only senior on the learn.

_ plays at wingback in Kidder's complex ‘

system. Three women nre battling for the
goalkeeper position with Maureen Keller
from Commack'expected to see most of
the action.

and women’s tennis as well as women’s
squash. , , .

Meyers has only seen her team practice a
few times. but she was able to give ten-
tative postitions for the top four spots. At
number one singles is, Geri Chiado. a retur-
ning junior. Two freshmen from Wheatley
Heights. Ncngork will take the next two
slots. Natalie Goldberg should play second
singles and her doubles partner from high
school. Caryn Levy. should be third. A
returning player. Ellen Katz. rounds out
the top four. v

The rest of the seven returning players
are seniors Nancy Forbes. Nina Cheung.
juniors Laurie Greenberg. Lisa Valins. and
sophomore Jenny Bahrami.

New to the team are three players. two

 

Berra testifies

Dale Berra said he shared cocaine
with at least four teamn'iates while play-
ing for the Pittsburgh Pirates.

Berra. a New York Yankees infielder
and son of Hall Famer Yogi Berra. ad-
mitted Monday in federal court that he
“had a cocaine problem" last year with
the Pirates. But he said he hasn’t used
the drug since last October.

Berra's 'testimony- was to continue to-
day in the cocaine distribution trial of
Curtis Strong. a former Philtdilphia
Phillies clubhouse cook. Stl'ong is
charged with dealing cocaine 16 times
from 1980 to 1984 when the Pirates
played home games.

Coaches travel

Albany State coaches Mari Warner
and Barry Cavanaugh worked in Bar-
bados this summer as part of the Part-
nerships in the America’s program.

Cavanaugh. Albany State's men's
assistant basketball coach. coached the
National Basketball team during his
four week stay. Warner. the Danes'
head women's basketball coach. went
down to work with women’s sports
overall and wound up working strictly
with basketball. coachingthe women’s
National team, preparing for the.Csrib- v

 

bean National Championships.

Last winter. as part of the cams pro—
gram. George Sheppard came to Albany
for the men's basketball season. Warner
and Cavauaugh worked with Sheppard
and his family.

Warner coached sixteen 18-31 year
old Bajan women. “It was an incredible
experience." said Warner. “Working
with the older women and teaching them
real fundamental things. Here in the
States we work on fundamentals. but
don’t break it down as much."

A big sport for women in Barbados is
netball. which is similar to old women's
basketball. The game ball is shot into a
netless rim on a pole. Only two people
can shoot the ball. two are designated
for defense. and two players can play
offense and defense. They must stay
three feet away from the shooter and
can only dribble once. ‘ v

“1 would love to'go back next sum-
mer." said Warner. “Basketball for
women is in its first stages there. We
were received so well. I'd hate to see all
we taught them lost." Cl

Fall conditionan

A track and field conditioning pro-
gram will bcconcucted by Coach Vives
of the athletic department. ~ -.

The times of the programs will be 3:30
-— 5:30 during the M1. -- I

For more information call 442-3064.

 

 

 

m'"..I"IJ-OOIO~W%‘IM ‘ I asuwa.wm.\e

Depth is a key reason why Kidder feels
strongly about this year’s team. Thirty ﬁve
women went out for the Danes in August
tryouts. the largest turnout in Kidder's
Albany State coaching career. “The big
difference this year is we are strong on the
bench right to the last person. I can send

of whom are outstanding. The Wheatley
Heights duo won the States last year in
high school. They will be seeing singles and
doubles play as the team’s number one
doubles team.

“They were recruited by other schools."
said Meyers “I'm just thankful that they
came here. we didn’t recruit them."

\ These two freshmen should fill in the
gap left by last year's first and second
singles players. who opted not to play this
year for personal reasons. 

.The other two newcomers are Susan
Shannon and Liz Feinberg. Shannon is a
freshman from Whiteboroughs. New
York. Feinberg is a junior transfer student
from Hebrew University in Israel.

Rose waits an

(AP) Pete Rose predicts he will set

baseball's hit record today. not with a
small step but with a great leap into
history.

The Cincinnati Reds' player-manager
resisted the temptation to take an
unscheduled swing at his 4.192nd career
hit Monday night. keeping himself on the
bench during a 2-1 victory over the San
Diego Padres. instead. Rose chose to take
his cut at topping Ty Cobb tonight before
an expected sell-out crowd of more than
52.000 in Riverfront Stadium. He wants to
end the season-long drama with a ﬂourish.
“Yeah. I think l'm going to get a couple of
hits tomorrow night." Rose said after
Monday's game. “I’m not going to try for
a mu house again Wednesday night."

, The crowd of 29.289 Monday night
didn't want him to wait that long. Even
before the ‘game. fans were chanting,
“Pete. Pete.” in efforts to change his
mind about sitting down against San Diego
left~hander Dave Dravecky. They failed

Later. when right-hander Lance Mc~
Cullers started warming up in the Padres'
bullpen. the fans stood and implored Rose
to reconsider. By the time Rose came out
of the dugout in the sixth inning over a
disputed call at first base. the crowd was in
a frenzy. “I wanted to protect my coach.
plus i wanted to make an appearance."

' Rose admitted.

When several pinch-hitting oppor~
tunities arose in the late innings. Rose con-
sidered taking up his familiar black but but

 

:

i

  

3...!de hooters lace Skidmon tomorrow. They play at Guildorlands Knott Road

anyone out there and not worry."
Tomorrow. Kidder will send her squad 
out on the ﬁeld for its opening game j:
against Skidmore. The game will be played
at Guilderland‘s Knott Road Field because '
the men's soccer team is also beginning its 3'
season at home. r

Reokie coach Meyers seeks to rebuild netwomen 7

“We should get some singles action out
of Susan although she needs a bit of
building." said Meyers. "She’ll be strong
within the next year or so. Feinberg looks
to be a strong player."

The season opens on Saturday at Union.
They'll compete in two tournaments. the
SUNYACs. which the Danes host and
NYSAlAW. The tougher teams in dual
competition willbe Binghamton. Amherst
and Middlebury. '

“Union should be about our level. we
should be pretty even. " said Meyers. “We
have a pretty competitive schedule and
might start out weak. We play both
Amherst and Binghamton in the same
week which could be a little devastating."

‘Ty’-breakerav

decided against it. Dave Concepcion
cracked a two-out single in the ninth to win
the game and extend Rose’s personal
drama one more day. “-
Low-key during his chase of Cobb this
season. Rose said he's feeling the impor-f
tance of the moment now. _j
“It started up again tonight, just like»
yesterday,” Rose said. referring to his
two-hit day on Sunday before a supportive
crowd at Wrigley Field in Chicago. “When
the crowd gets into it like tonight. it relaxes
you but it really turn: you on." \
It also makes it difficult not to oblige' _
them. he added. )
‘ “i looked down. and l was sweating."
Rose said. “My arms were all wet. Every
time they'd start cheering. i went down to'
get a drink of water. I didn't want to hear“
that. By the seventh inning. l was
bloated." ‘
Even Concepcion tried to talk Rose into
a cameo hitting appearance. “When they'
brought the right-handed pitcher in. i told

 

 ii). on ti  mass spat-1597'

  Kidder-sees brightfallfor young Dane hooters

d

Pete. ‘1'" come to bat. walk to the plate, Q'-

and call time out when 1 get there. Then
I'll call for you to come to the plate. The
crowd is going to grin with me.’ " Concep<,‘
cion said. 

Rose used a friendly expletivc to decline}; 
But Just as he played himself unexn c.

pectedly Sunday and got the record-tying,
hit when the Cubs changed starters. Rosegg

:wun't above letting game conditions put“

him in the better’s box Monday.

new». sunk Ina-AA aunt-Mn 1.x ' nun." x was v 4.1.1.1. t. t. r a t.) .r- r. aaaamn .I .1 .nm sue-Alum

 

  

