 

BUSINESS

 

ike Godwin lusted after a person-
M al computer. He knew he could

make regular payments, since he
was working full time while attending the
University ofTexas, but because he had no
credit record, no store would ﬁnance his
purchase. “I was ready to buy," Godwin
recalls, “but nobody wanted to have me.”
Then he applied for an American Express
card. In a few weeks he received in themaila
Tshirt that read. “Do you know me?" A few

 

Scrambling for Credit

Students may be surprised how easy it is to obtain.

the national credit-reporting agencies for an
applicant‘s “credit history“——time pay-
ments, late payments, overdue debts—and
a blank page offers no hint ofreliability. But
major creditors treat college students diﬁ'er-
ently, because they itch for student busi-
ness. The student population is not only
proﬁtable but “extremely responsible,"
says American Express‘s Porges. “We have
found them to be a better audience than our
average new card member.“ Bob Gibson,

 

program because you go to one school ver-
sus another school."

Because creditors want students, they
also take skimpy credit histories into ac-
count, accepting any but those who have
already damaged their records. Richard
Skagen of Sears, which has 68 million credit
cards in circulation. says that the college
years are “the only time when no credit
record will work to your advantage. We feel
that‘s a positive indicator that [students]
have not abused credit.”

To establish credit worthiness, many ad-
visers recommend, ﬁrst-time credit appli-
cants should start small. Gerd Schanz of the
credit-reporting ﬁrm TRW says the ﬁrst
step is to “establish a relationship with a
local bank" through checking and sav-
ings accounts. Many credit build-

 

 

weeks after that came the card. which he
used as a credential to swing ﬁnancing. “I
walked into an Apple store with instant
credit," Godwin says. “and walked out with
a computer.“

Even students who don‘t have speciﬁc
purchases in mind are discovering the value
ofcredit. Some want credit cards for their
ID value; others hunkerufter the status rush
of being able to say. “Put it on my card."
More itnportant. they want to buy things
when they don't have ready cash. And most
are aware of the importance of a credit
record. “Students recognize that establish-
ing credit is important to all their future
endeavors,“ says Shelley l’orges, director of
consumer marketing at American Express.

At ﬁrst glance, establishing credit may
seem ditlicult for students. Before extend-
ing credit. most businesses will ask one of

 

“ ts

 

president of the National Foundation for
Consumer Credit. says that creditors hope
“to lock in [the student market] prior to
graduation.“

Creditors woo students with splashy pro-
motions on campuses and by otl‘ering spe-
cial terms for student applicants. especially
graduating seniors and graduate students.
American Express, which normally doesn't
budge unless the applicant makes $15,000 a
year and has a clean credit record. will sell a
card to students who have a $10,000-n-yeur
joblincd up after graduation. Credit oﬂicers
promise that tine-arts and humanities ma-
jors get the same breaks as those in business
and engineering. And though companies
target certuin large, prestigious campuses
for the hard sell. Daniel Stitth ofthe Mellon
Bunk Charge Services Group insists that
“you‘re not going to be excluded front the

 

ers then take out a small loan that
they can repay over time—
whether they need the money or
not. Buying a new stereo on cred-
it, even if the cash is at hand,
might also be helpful. Adding un-
necessary ﬁnance charges may
seem a burden, credit profession-
als concede, but shopping for
good terms, like shopping for the
best purchase price, can minimize
those charges.

rastudent can plungeinto
O the multitudinous world
of credit cards. Retail or
store cards provide a jumping-off
point, since they are often the easi‘
est plastic money to get. Most re-
tail cards offer “revolving credit,"
g in which the buyer pays a mini-
»— mum balance each month plus in-
“ terest on the rest of his debt. The
major retail chains and the big oil
companies offer charge cards——
and frequently push them with a
high-powered college sales drive.
By buying underwear and socks at
a department store and paying
with plastic instead of cash, a con-
sumer can build a credit rating painlessly.
Skagen of the Sears credit department mails
a letter to 1.5 million students each year and
wants to add to his list. “We‘re reaching in
excess of 85 percent of upper-class college
students,“ Skagen says, and Sears also ac-
cepts applications from freshmen and
sophomores.

Students who open bank accounts can
often pick up bank credit cards, of which
MasterCard and Visa are the best known.
These cards also offer revolving credit.
Since the interest rates are high and [lie
business generally lucrative, individual
bunks run promotions to attract students
Some will allow a student to open a chargt
account and guarantee the credit line With
his savings account. Whether the bills are
paid by the customer directly or out of tllt‘
ttccouttt varies from batik to bank.

 

|LLUSTRAYION 8V JAN 5

.. NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/APR“. l‘lh'.‘

 

 

The best known ofthc tlushicr charge, or
travcl-and-cntertainmcnt, ‘ttt‘tls is Amcri~
can Express. which demands a $35 entry fee
but charges no interest and olfcrs no “rc-
volving credit." This pay»as-you-go poli _
encourages liscal conservatism. say Ameri-
can Express otlicials. who tottt the card as a
kind of training bra for credit uscrs.
"You‘ve got to pay it off at the end of the
month,“ says l’orges. “To a lot of people,
that represents security, the idea that ‘with
this card, l'm not going to go overbmtrd'.“
American Express campaigns hard to
spread its cards on campus, using promo-
tions like free T shirts and talent shows, as
well as direct mail. “We‘re about to launch a
promotion with puintcrs‘ caps.“ Porges
says, “because we hear pninters‘ caps are a
big deal on campus these days.“

Some students get their parents to cosign

for the cards. One Mellon Batik promotion t
is actually addressed to the parents. Daniel .

Slaub the Mellon vice president who signs
the In
accounts really do provide a credit rating

for the student, because “the contract is '
with thc student"—dcspitc the fact that the ;

lettersays, “Until yourstudent cstablishesa
permanent address, statements will be
mailed to your home uddrc s.“ 'l‘RW‘s
Schultz asserts that cosigning does not httrt
a credit rating, since “our credit reports
don‘t show ifa card is cosigned or not." On

the other hand. credit counselor Gibson ,

says that cosigning can taint credit ratings,

especially ifthc company has to go back to ‘

the cosigners to cover debts.

because he has already damaged his

credit rating. lfso, he may well want to
see his personal credit lilc. This process can
bea'simplenswritingalcttcrorcuninvolvc
otlicc visits to a credit-reporting agency.
Federal law gives everyone the right to cor—
rect errors ill a credit record and to include
in the file his side of ti credit dispute.

As students begin to play thccrcdil game.
they will learn sortie tricks, such as timing
their purchases right after the monthly
close of the statement in order to gc it
month‘s free credit. But credit authorities

I fa student is refused a card. it may be

emphasize that what they are otl‘ering is ‘

only a loan; someday it must be paid. lfu

student does get in over his head, tltc crcdi- t
tor wrll often help work ottt a schedule of ‘

payments though, as l’orges of American
li.\prc *. “It‘s not something we publi-
cize u lot.
Consumer Credit Counselors ot'Cnlilbrnia.
emphasizes that creditors wuttt to help stu-
dentsch started properly so that they won‘t
get into trouble later. “We don‘t hunt to
drive them into tltc ground.“ says Spcrling.
'l‘hc creditors want their customers to pur-
sue—and atfordchc good life. llccausc.
after all. the more money the customers
spend. the more the creditors nutkc.

.tottN \t'll“ Alt |/

Nl.\\‘S\\‘llliK ()N CAMPUS/APRIL l‘lNS

-mailittg letter, claims that such ‘

‘rank Spcrling. president oftlte 

The Divestment Drive

Universities search for a way to punish South Africa.

he decision came, appropriately

enough, on Lincoln‘s Birthday.

Meeting in l’ulo Alto. the Stanford
board of trustees took one small step to
protest apartheid in South Africa by voting
forncomlitionulsuleofthc school's 124,000
shares of Motorola Corp. stock. The trade
would be executed, the trustees ruled, ifthe
school discovered any recent business deal-
ings between the manufacturer and the
South African police. “Our policy calls for

Slur/('qu at Soul/t African consulate in New

divestment when there has been substantial
social injury and when all other retncdics
ltave failed," explained universin vice
presidcttt Williutn F. Mossy. Two days
later. ollicials at Harvard went a bit further,
announcing that it had sold otl‘its Sl million
holding in Baker international Corp.. an
oil~and-mining toolmakcr. because the lirm
refused even to discuss its South African
operations.

With those cautious moves. two more
American universities cuntc to grips with a
dillicult question ofconsciencc: should tltcy
hold stock in companies that do business
with South Africa'.’ This issue. known as
“divestment " has been a campus fixture for
about a decade and isonccagttin back on tltc
boil. At least 38 schools ltave adopted some
form ot'divesttncnt policy ~purtiul or colit-
pletcmand others are considering it. in

large measure because ofstudcnt agitation.
The pressure tactics have grown mor - and
more sophisticated. At Yale, graduating
seniors will invest their class gift only in a
South Africa-free portfolio. At the Univer-
sityofTexas. protesting studcntsstill march
past the Texas Tower but also bring in
ﬁnancial consultants to plead their case. in
California, the student member ofthe state
university board of regents won a review of
the $1.7 billion of the system's $5.5 billion
portfolio invested with compu-
nics doing business in South
Africa. “thit universities
start acting together, they can
have a big impact," says law
student Fred Gaines. the stu-
dent rcgcnt. “Companies don‘t
want “or 'urd. Stanford and
the University of California
saying that they don‘t manage
properly.“ A UC report on di-
vestment is due in June.

hcproblem will ttot have
become any simpler by
then. l’cw doubt acade-

mia's abhorrcncc of apart-
heid—“an ztbomituttion," says
Columbia Collegcdcun Robert
E. Pollack. Such attitudes ottly
l'ad impatient students to de-
mand that schools put their
money where their ideals are.
Says Duvid Nuther. an as-
sociutc editor of the Daily
’lexan, “It doesn‘t show much
conunitmcnt to say. ‘Wc‘d low
to help end oppression. but we
' can't afford to‘.“ liut that‘s not
tltc only interest at stake: vast
chunks of university endow-
} merits are tied up in blue-chip U.S. comtm-
nics, many of which lune long traded with
l the South Africans. l’ulling out of those
tirms miglit deal the schools a still'tinancinl
loss and would forfeit any itttlucncc campus
lutntanituriuns huvcott company nmnagcrs.
l’urthcr, many Amcricun tirtns insist that
their presence in South Africa has improved
conditions for their black and Colored
workers. advances that might disappear
with a US pullout. In any case. argues UT
regent licryl Milburn, “You can‘t settle the
\vrongsofthc world through the investment
policies ofthc University ol“l'c.\as."

The debate on campus mirrors the con-
Ilicl within the Fortune 500. About 300
American tirms conduct business in South
Afri 'a. They employ about 120,000 locals,
70.000 of whom are nonuhitc. and lttttt:
investments ofahout 32b billion. The larg-

a~stm SPEctAt IEA‘IURLS

EtND.

i'm'lt

l7

 

 

 

 

