 

1

RON HOWARD AT WORK ON THE SEI‘ OF HIS
SOON-TO-BE-RELEASED MOVIE ‘COCOON,’
ANDWI'I'HHISWIFECHERYLINTHEMEMO-
RABILIA-FILLED FAMILY ROOM OF THEIR
CALIFORNIA HOME: ‘TO MAKE A MOVIE, I
FEEL THAT I SHOULD REALLY BELIEVE IN
ITS THEME. IT SHOULD BE SOMETHING THAT
I CAN IDENTIFY WITH AND RELATE TO.’
-——_—

Asia:
Shoots
Straight

hotel suite sits a greasy pizza box. It seems incongruous in a
place where most folks would rather haven slice of chateau-
briand, but the anomalies are just beginning. Inside the suite, on the
livrng-room ﬂoor, Hollywood’s hot young director is scuttling
around with his four-year-old daughter, Bryce, while wife, Cheryl,
looks on. It‘sjust about 8 p.m.——more than 12 hours since he got up
and went to work on his latest ﬁlm, “Cocoon.” Today he’s been
rerecording dialogue, and everything went well. Now, with the
charms of Manhattan beginning to twinkle 28 floors below, will the
Howards go out to celebrate? No way. This million-dollar movie-
maker would much rather spend the time watching his kid play with
her mermaid toy. For someone who‘s been in show business for 29 of
his 31 years, Ron Howard sure comes on like the middle-class guy
next door. And in many ways, he is.
Where did this man go right? Just about everywhere he could. As
the older of two sons in a showbiz family, he had an impossibly
normal upbringing in southern California. Somehow he never got

0 utside the door to Ron Howard’s $575-a-night New York

 

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MAY 1985

around to developing an oversize ego, but instead became an 1 '

easygoing, genuinely nice guy who seems to have made no enemies.
“In a town that takes pleasure in knocking people.” says producer
Roger Corman, “no one knocks Ron Howard." 5

Of course, in a town that loves a winner, Howard‘s also got a lot of .
clout. As an actor, he played in two No. 1 television series—"The ;
Andy Grifﬁth Show" and “Happy Days"—and a smattering of
successful movies from “The Music Man" to "American Grafﬁti."
In recent years Howard has applied his golden touch behind the
camera. His very first ﬁlm, “Grand Theft Auto." cost $500,000 and
brought in more than $7 million. His third ﬁlm, “Splash,” was a
ﬁnancial triumph: at $35 million in rentals, it was among the top 15
movies of 1984. Much the same is expected of "Cocoon," a senti- ‘
mental science-ﬁction fantasy that could make him one of the top
directors of the generation. "If ‘Cocoon’ hits," says Wall Street
analyst Lee Isgur, who follows the movie business for Paine Webber,
“there will be people saying he’s another wunderkind—another
Steven Spielberg or George Lucas.”

Hollywood needs all the young geniuses it can get, and it‘s
increasingly willing to listen to young ﬁlmmakers. In recent years
the motion-picture industry has developed a blockbuster complex;
studiosattempt to make oneortwo megahits per year to pay the bills
for everything else. Out of the anxiety about hitting big has come a
desperate attempt to grab younger audiences. The fact that 16- to 20-
year-olds constitute the prime moviegoing audience explains the
current acne rash of teen-exploitation movies, many of which flop
spectacularly. No wonder that “Splash,” with its widely appealing
story and characters, stood outI and catapulted Ron Howard to the
directorial forefront. Says Isgur, “It was a sign that he's capable of
producing movies that are unique on a creative basis and that have
worldwide commercial appeal."

Ron Howard may be the perfect ﬁlmmaker for his time. He

creates conservative movies—touching stories with strong,
middle-class values and an old-fashioned sensibility that harks back
to such masters as Frank Capra and Preston Sturges. “To make a
movie,"says Howard, "Ifeel thatlshould really believe initstheme.
It should be something that I can identify with and relate to." If that
sounds a bit heavy, remember the wry touch Howard brought to the
theme of love in a "Splash" discussion between Allen Bauer (Tom
Hanks) and his brother Freddie (John Candy).
FREDDIE: So, how is she?
ALLEN: How is she? She's ah . . . she's a mermaid. I don‘t under-
stand. All my life I’ve been waiting for someone, and when I ﬁnd her,
she’s. . .she’s a ﬁsh.

FREDDIE: Nobody said love’s perfect. 3
“Cocoon.” Howard’s next wannhearted fantasy, is scheduled for
release June 21. It tells the story of a group of young. attractive,
humanoid aliens who come to earth to retrieve some magical objects
from the Gulf of Mexico. In thecourseof their visit to Florida's west
coast, they encounter a down-and-out pleasure-boat skipper—who
beginstofall in lovewith oneof theextraterrestrials—anda group of
senior citizens who begin to feel and act much younger. The movie
sparkles with ﬁne ensemble performances from a large cast, includ-
ing such veterans as Home Cronyn, Jessica Tandy and Maureen
Stapleton. plus such bright young faces asSteveGuttenberg, Raquel
Welch‘s daughter, Tahnee, and Tyrone Power I r. In its knack of
seeming simultaneously magical and believable, "Cocoon" resem-
bles Steven Spielberg's “Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and
the best work of author Ray Bradbury. “With ‘Cocoon.’ I tried to
create an environment which makes total sense, reactions which are
very believable," says Howard. “In doing that, you earn the right to
be as fanciful as you want without people wincing. It allows the

audience to participate in the fantasy."

Twentieth Century-Fox, the studio releasing “Cocoon,” hopes
there will be a lot of audience to participate. The studio has had a
rocky past few years—including a shift in ownership, a new manage-
ment team and a well-publicized cash~tlow problem. Originally

a s a basically decent man who makes basically decent ﬁlms,

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY 19115 a

 

 

