tum Arms-n hmevl lob-n! 5...“. l'urqum. r..

, COMMENCEMENT, 
I COULD BEGIN USING. t = 

,4

in [job you could get the
arc .

all you need is to accept a
ed job. That's it, No strings
on ilyou don't have a rob
'l'hts offer is still good up to
lduate ) Why is American
.or for you to get the Card

.wu believe in your luturo
adder, we. can help in a lot

I ERICAN EXPRESS

of ways The Card can help you begin to establlsl‘i
your credit history. And. for busrness. the Card is
invaluable for travel and restaurants. As well 
shopping for yourself.

Olcourse. the American Express Card is rec»
oonrzod around the world. So you are too.
‘ So call 1 80(t'l‘i-lECARD and ask to have a
Speoial Student Application sent 
to you Or look tor one oncarnpus. MWA'WLMM
The American Express Card.
Don't leave school without it.”M

 

 

 

     

Frrst.Middln,LastNanm Tilloioplionallzi ert IMrst lMisst tMs

 

Data 0! Soc. Sec
atria—l—L— Number l_J_l_l - Ll_l - LLl—l_l

Prrnl below how you would like your name to appear on the Card Spell last name
cornploiuly Full name must not exceed 20 letters

 

 
   

 

 

. . . . FOLD. MOISTEN HEHE, SEAL AND.MAIL
A spectral mvrtatton tor graduating students to apply
tor the American Express Card.

If you're a graduating student and you've accepted a $10,000 career-oriented job. you could get
the American Express Card. Right now. Don't leave school without it."”

     

it you have other Income that you want us to consider, llSl person
employer. olc )m‘m... r y.
need not be revealed it you do not wrsh to rely on It

  

mde brokor.

 

Amount Source

Name

Addross

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
  

CHECK ONE OF THE BOXES BELOW AND FILL IN DETAILS
I am a graduating College SDVHOL or a graduating Graduate Student. and am
n ' ' ‘

 

 

 

 

 

l l l l l l l l l l l l | | l I | | | | l
‘ Culiogo Mayor
Street
. City and Graduation
“mm” 2 State Date
my [sum lc'gdu graduate UUtleO
clroo
 ( ) mm?“ City and graduation
' ah:
Previous Years
Home Address There
Zip
Crty State Code Account
Nearost Relative or Friend Chucm'g Numb“
V
gﬁztrmg w’m 0“ Bank Name
Bank Address
Adam“ Zip lSllUUL City, State)
City [Slate [Code Account
Savnrgs Number

 

Bank Name
Bank Address
(Shoot. City. State)

 

D orthorumpioyedorhavo none too iuturo I
posrtron at an annual salary 0 310.000 or moru

months. and run presently working tuII lime to a carodr-onunted posrlron at

l have graduated Irorn College or Graduate School wnirrn the past t2
D an annual salary ot 310.000 or more

Present Employer Yrs
rm Mos There
Nature ot

 

 

 

Businuss Positron
Street Annual
Address Irrcmnu

Zip
City State Code

 

run at
Hiring Olircral
Business Phorie( )
(Area Codo)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Account
Crodrl Card Number
Account
Credit Card Number

 

Other Credit Rnioroncus

it'll!

Billing Address

 

] [Zip

City State Curio
045-00-0037-7

AN APPLICANT. IF MARRIED, MAY APPLV FOR A SEPARATE ACCOUNT

ily Signing below. i ask that an account he opened tor me and Cartitsi Issued as l

 

 

Future Enrployor Starling request. andIhatyourenowaridreplacethernunllttcancel Iunderstandthalyoumay
rFrrm Date verity and exchanuu Inlorlnalron on me and arty additional applicants. including

Nature or requesting reports Irom cradrt reporting a uncros. l ant awarr: that this rnlormatrorr rs

Business Position usedtodeterminemyequroilnylorihuCar anutlrat. Illlty aprrlrcatronrsapprovurt,you

srmur Annual nray contactthcsusourceslouptlatethisIniornlatronalanytrmo litaskwhatheroi not

Address lncorno a credit report was "it nested. you Will tell me, and it you received a report. you Wlll (two

2“, me the name and at dress at the agency Itiat iurnrshud it I will be bound by the

city lsram Code Agreement renewed With each Cant. unless I cut the Card in hall arrrtiaturrr both halves
am” 0, to you laurue lotie tratrle tor .rllchargosla the brisrcaniladdrhonalcardsissuudon my

Hun“, 0mm“. request I understand American Express Cantrncrnbers are expected to pay than

HUMANS Mum” ( ) balance In lull each month

[NW CW”) Srgnaturo oi Applicant Dato

ti on nolrty your employer that Amorrcan Express may Contact thorn to vurriy

Ill Ollihtllllil. ll wrll (ISSIEH Ill nIDCDSSIIIg X

 

   

aid ~ r«a “' ral-

But, oi course. you can‘t promote yourselt
to the exclusion oi all else. "No. networking has
to be two-directional," notes Dowd. “By being
a resource to other people you can then test
tree to call upon them to be a resource to you.
I've given lectures beiore opposing the concept
oi networking because so many people disre-

 

Do not unclolo the $45 annual in. We will bill you later. £11985 Amarlcln Exprau Travel Related Services Company. incl
FOR FASTER PROCESSING, PLEASE FILL OUT COMPLETELY ANDBESURETOSIGNYNISAPPLICATION.

JV?" 1" “" P59



 

yup-n lvluuvu

 

tomenl

    

 

gard this principle. and they use It only tor their

 

