 

 

.1:

1:. ,I - <V =2. I. _J 1 ._l 4 :I' " - ' ‘u‘lh ' . . n ' I n .
v A - , . l . A , t  . ,4 ‘
K

 

 

’tr

7.72 f
I. 3
i <- .

’i
r

 

   

 

 

   

 

l’

 

   

 

rue ‘

.--\\'l.|.ri'r. .t lil‘tlv'puinl'ln-lyx‘t-mi lril'mlhﬂ'nli It thum-
. . .tll'llllh m. li-(ultltillm \"R um) li|ttl.,HlI.|rp t-mm' I
Jaw tutti-nu» tlu-.ln‘illi‘nttl,Splint luvs. \g’t-rmitill'f :
r. _' t-uulmirlu pit k up the Slitltil'H ul (it‘ltlli. Hn' "
‘u rim Hilll'hllth '

 

~ tjt'itn il litthtIIIiulii lath-H. y't)
nil Vt'rur ‘il imul t tilm‘ul

a ' '1   ﬂit-m (flirty

 

 

.7“

.

 

, x . .

div.”W‘N‘IKWM‘YQ‘HWMWNIWWn.uu-w‘ ..... Ht. .

“This ( 6 radio system)
Will‘make us much more
efficient. and should be less
.7 time censumin'g for us. ” ‘

’ — Cheryl] Oransoff

x"

"  'V' 'AB
STUDENT
PRESS

 

‘ rams steers UPS

Radio system donated to escorts

BylAndrea Corson
manr warren .

A new radio communications system and ad-
ministrative structural changes are providing the
means for the Don't Walk Alone escort service to
become more accessible to students on campus.

According to the Program's Director. Cheryl]
Oransoff. $2,000 was donated to Dan’t Walk

' Alone by the Class of '85 with the designated pur-
pose of buying a communications system.

“The ﬁrst thing we changed from last spring is
not having people stationed at the quads.“ said
Oransoff. She explained that the quad escorts were
not utilized and that most people used the service
when returning from. the library.

She added, however, that now with the‘radio
system. if someone needs an escort, they can call
theDor't't Walk Alone office in the Campus Center
and an escort would be able to meet tham at any
location on campus. The system is currently an
order. '

Instead of having people sit around in the Cam-
pus Center, Oransoff said. there will be a base sta-
tion and four hand-held units. One person will run
the base station and staff the phone; while each
team of escorts will have one of the hand-held

units. she added.

“This will make us much more efﬁcient and should
be less time consuming for us.” said Oransoff. it
will also eliminate the need for escorts to come back
and forth from the Campus Center since they will
be able to receive calls on. the hand held units, she
said. -

Sophomore Maria Maglione, who is a captain on
Wednesday nights and Oransoff's assistant. said
she feels that the radio system is an excellent idea
and that it is deﬁnitely going to be an asset. “It will
makethingswrunramootber," she said. - -

Oransoff also said that there will be two captains
a nightinstead ofone. "One captain (will be) in the
office and one in the library to spread out the
responsibility," she explained.

According to Oransoff. Maglione is much need- '

ed. "‘She worked in the spring and is familiar with
the service," she said. “We ﬁx the schedules and

‘ make sure the captains make all their calls and if

they can’t, she'll keep trying for them."

An additional change made was the, switching of
t-shirts to hats for escorts to wear. which Oransoff
said she feels was a good idea. “Hats are much
more visible especially in cold weather." she said.

15>

 

October 4, 1985

,~

NUMBER 27

 

City evicts Quail St.
resident on grouper
law violation charge

By James O'Sulllvan
NEWS EDITOR

An Albany student has been told he must leave his apartment by
the end of the month for violating the city’s grouper law, but the
only guarantee university ofﬁcials say they can offer is that they'll
try to help him find another place to live. A

“l was told to leave by the city back in August." said Victor
Gerhard. a senior living at 294 Quail Street who is looking for
another apartment. Gerhard lives with three other students, but he
is the only one who didn't sign the lease

Albany’s Grouper Law states that no more than three unrelated
persons may live in the same rental unit.

Gerhard said he went to the office of Residential Life earlier this

week to seek help in finding another place to live. and was given a
copy of the off-campus listings available to all students. “i wasn‘t
really expecting anything, i just ﬁgured i might as well ask." he
said.

One of the reasons Gerhard said he went to Residential Life was
because of an Albany Student Press article in which Vice President
of Student Affairs Frank Pogue was quoted as saying SUNYA
could. as a last resort, provide on-campus housing for evicted
students only after all other options were ruled out.

Residential Life staff people, Gerhard said, “told me that they
were never really told about it."

“They knew what Pogue had said . . . but no one had ever told
them through channels," he added.

Gerhard said he was advised to go to Pogue's ofﬁce in the Ad-
ministration building. but that he “just hasn't gone yet." He said
he assumed that he could be offered housing in the Wellington

.Hotel or increased occupancy in on-campus facilities when he
went.

“At no point did i say that the University .was guaranteeing
housing," stressed Pogue, saying the ASP article was correct only
“given the availability" of on-campus space.

The only guarantee that can be offered completely, said Pogue.
is that SUNYA nwill help students find housing using the services
currently offered through the Off Campus Housing Office
(OCHO).

OCHO offers listings of apartments available if the unit has been
brought to their attention, said the office’s director, Tom
Gebhardt, who stressed that OCHO was only a “referral service"
and could not help actually place a student in an off campus

situation. -

7'»

SA funded groups must absorb ’84-’85 deficit

8A Controller Erlc Sehwamman
Last year's delicit was 526,140.

By Karen E. Book
STAFF WRITER

Student Association (SA) fund-
ed groups will undergo a 5 percent
reduction in their budgets this
year in order to compensate for
last year‘s $26,140 deﬁcit, accor-
ding to SA Controller Eric
Scwartzman.

. “The present deficit is actually

a deficit of revenues over expen-

ditures." explained Schwartzman

“Last year. we took in revenues

of $964,137 and we spent a total
’ of 5990.277," he added.

The accounting firm of Cooper
and Lybrand conducted an audit
of SA's records in the ﬁrst few
weeks of July. "What an audit
is." said Schwartzman. “is hav-
ing our ﬁnancial statements cer-
tified to see that they are in accor-
dance with generally accepted ac-
counting princlpals.” An outside

' accounting firm must be brought
in to do this. he explained.

The budget reduction of all SA
funded groups is also being ac-
companied by a change in the
groups income lines.

“Every single SA funded group
is going through something called

JOHN GUIIV UPS

a ‘Budget Cutback/lncome Line
Reduction',"said Schwartzman

Instead of meeting their original
income line, a 3 percent income
line reduction has been proposed
so that groups have to make 97
percent of their original income.
he said. “Because they now have
less money to spend. they cannot

be expected to make back the'

same amount." he added.

A group‘s “income line" is the
amount of money a group is ex-
pected to return to SA from
various fund raising activities.
such as ticket sales or members’
dues.

There are several reasons for
the deﬁcit. said Schwartzman
“Groups that did not make the
income line. the Athletics Ad-
visory Board which had a slight
deficit at the end of last year. and
Guinness Day is a big part of it.
Also, accounts payable." he said.

“Athletics has historically ovrs-
pent it‘s budget." said SA Presi-
dent Steve Gawley. "They are
presently overextended by
szoaonoo. They must be more
closely monitored." he said.

"New events like Guinness Day

can be expensive.” said Schwart-
zman, adding that the event cost
SA SID-15.000.

“Guinness Day was supposed
to pay for itself." said Gawley.
adding. “it was one of the most

.incredible events this university

has ever run and it would have
been worth it even if it had cost
more."

“The accounting firm Cooper
and Lybrand also evaluated man
management practices. They
made many suggestions to in-
crease supervision." said
Schwartzman.

“One thing we are doing to in-
crease control over events is to
supply all SA funded events with
pre-numbered tickets and
wristbands to see that the amount
of money reported is equal to the
money made," said
Schwartzman.

in addition to monitoring ticket
sales. SA will be exercising more
direct control over monies earned
and deposited by cacti group.

Scwartzman said he feels that.
“most group leaders understand
the cutbacks are something that

4a-

 

