 
 

  

 

‘EDHDRUUM“
The. Reagan A
’Dynasty’ '

What could be more fitting than sitting
down to watch an episode of Dynasty
after Reagan’s State of the Union
Address? ‘

After all, don’t they both present the
same distorted view of reality? Aren’t
both Reagan 'and Dynasty selling us an
elusive dream; a mirage in which everyone
happens-to be rich, successful, happy,
(and almost always white?)

There’s no doubt we’re buying it.
Reagan proved that in November, and
ABC proved it Wednesday night when
they decided to show Dynasty instead of
the Democratic party’s response to
Reagan’s address, because they wanted to
ensure good ratings during the February
sweeps period.

it seems we’re more comfortable with
shows (and presidents) that gloss over the
truth. As we sit in front of our TVs,
mesmerized by the glamorous cardboard
characters on Dynasty, who are living the
American dream that Reagan has promis-
ed all of us, the reality of our own lives
can easily become confused with the in-
trigue unfolding on the screen until sud-
denly it all seems possible; even the com-
mercials offer us new hope that we may
finally obtain that elusive dream.

But beyond the magic world of televi-
sion where a dynasty is living an exciting
glamorous life, and Reagan’s reassuring
voice promises us that he’s ‘bringing
America back’, looms the reality of the
state of our union; a reality in which col-
lege students may lose guaranteed student
loans, in which our nation has suffered
numerous civil rights setbacks, and in
which our president has set general
priorities that hurt just about everyone ex-
cept the upper class, the very people we’re
watching on Dynasty.

In his state of the Union address,
Reagan stressed the need for “freedom”
but advocated such infringements on'
human rights as anti-abortion laws and
prayer in the classroom. Many of us
though, are too taken with his rhetoric
and image to notice the inconsistencies
and lack of substance to what he says. We
don’t want to examine the truth of
Reagan‘s assessment of the state of our
union any more than we want to question
the reality behind Dynasty.

Reagan concluded his address by singl-
ing out two national heroes, a Vietnamese
woman who will graduate from West
Point this spring, and a black woman who
works with the poor in Harlem. While
their accomplishments may be examples
of outstanding achievements, they too, are
only superficial images created by the
media. in reality, the people in our ghettos
are living in intolerable poverty, and many
of our Vietnamese citizens came here to
escape a mess we helped create in their
homeland.

There’s nothing wrong with escaping
from reality once in a while, but with the
escalation of nuclear arms deployment,
continuing tension in the mid-east, and in-
creasing destruction of our environment,
we can hardly afford to be permanently
entranced by our television or our
president.

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  

NM 7x .,{_ - H. I»... u u. .«. M -

Ch

Six months from now, Andrew Mager will be released
from prison. ‘

A free man.

But what sets Mager apart from other ex-convicts is a
vague notion called principle. Everyone is principled in
some manner or form, but not to the extent the 23-year-
old Ma er is. U r ,

Dean Chang

 

On Monday. Mager became the ﬁrst New York State
resident to be tried and convicted for refusing to register
for the draft. Don't shed any tears for him; principled . .
men like Mager would want it that way. ,

Somewhere in New York, there awaits a cold, barren
prison cell for Mager. There'll beno more bright lights;
only the ﬁltered rays of the sun will pervade Mager’s new
home. The publicity and the attention that were focused
on a district court in Syracuse are things that principled”
men like Mager thrive on; in his new home, Mager will
find that his neighbors won’t be waiting on line to get his
autograph. Not by a longshot. But Mager knew what he
was getting himself into, for you see, Andrew Mager is a
principled man. ,

No one likes wars; there's too many senseless killings
involved for any human being to stomach. Mager is one
of those principled men that believe that signing up for

- the draft means that you’re condoning war. The purpose

of a draft is to replenish our depleted military‘forees and
have them prepared to defend our best interests, if need
be. This raises two questions: why should we have a draft
and shouldn’t we have a choice?

We have had a choice for more than a decade. and our
military personnel has suffered from it.‘ Not nearly
enough qualiﬁed candidates join the armed forces, caus-
ing us to fall shamefully behind many countries in that
department. Hence, the need for a draft arises. Here's
where principled men like Mager Stan yelling.

it's so easy for Mager to lean back in his chair, prop his
feet up and espouse the values of peace. He's known
nothing but security in his Long island home, finding
sanctity in a bubble. To Mager, democracy is just another
vague concept that insures his many freedoms. But for
those who live without this particular concept, talk.
becomes cheap: ' L -

it's not so easy for people in Central America or the
Middle East; for them, war is a way of life. if they could
kill just one person from the other side, it would mean
one less standing in the way of progress. These people are
threatened every day of their lives. They know the value
what they’re ﬁghting for, and they would die to have the

\

two—trustees» “a

“W TODAY, t9
ﬁﬁmﬂﬁ%i

i

a
.I

m .
1: WI'

v n
...n use: rotten curs.
KWA‘ “Shthhekﬂkm? 95 .0 ¥

43,
(W

:3
i ...M7

i K

 

 

 

n

a ) U

1»: kq’it" Lunar“! .

SENDlﬁS
LETTERS”!

opportunity Mager turned down.}’ _' .l , , I , .  '
Hey, but so what. Mager had a‘choice between register- .

l
||

 

 

ing for the draft or going to jail. He chose the latter, and
he is free to do so. Our government ensures that-freedom
of choice. Not everyone inlthe world is afforded-Ftth
choice, or any choice, for that matter.-But we don't know
What, that's like. Principled men likeMager don’t know

what that's like. We'll probably never know how",it feels -

to be threatened every day. ForfAndrew Mager’s sake,
let’s hope it' stays that way.‘ ‘ ' g ' ~

Two, maybe three months after Mager has started serv-
ing his sentence, he'll realize that‘p'eOple have forgotten
about him. Never mind about the cause; that's nut Lwhat

' concerns meii'with principles. As Mager stares at the con-

ﬁnes of his new homephe’llbeythinklng, ‘Whut about
me?" ' " ‘
In January of 1981, Mager decided to go public about
his refusal to register for‘the draft. He spoke at length
with a reporter from'the Providence Journal. onlyrto see
the article printed without a word abOut himself. His at-
tempts for publicity thwarted once, Mager traveled to 0c-
cldental, California to participate in apress conference
with other non-registrants. Only problem is, the limelight
has to be shared, and that’s not Mager's style'."What
about me?’ ' . I p. - ~ *
Well Andrew Mager got what he was looking for in
Syracr sv . Demonstrations, vigils and a host of other ac-
tivities tent on in support of his case. Television Cameras
were poised, ready to record any dramaticoutburst for
posterity. Just the stuff principled men eat up.

When Mager joined Upstate Resistance. a network of'
people based in Syracuse who actively oppose the use of A

military force and are against draft registration, it was a
match made in heaven. Mager Was your perfect candidate
to play thepart of martyr. A three-sport varsity. athlete
and Valedictorian at Oyster Bay High School. Just the
type Upstate Resistance was looking to use. . g _ ~:
There are ways to change laws in this country. Mager
and Upstate Resistance feel that an effective method is to

disobey the law in question. Sounds questionable to me.-

Perhaps someday in the future, Mager might decide to
follow Henry David Thoreau’s example and refuse to pay
taxes because he doesn't believe in supporting the govern-
ment in that fashion. He will have a choice: either pay the
taxes, or go to jail. Still following Thoreau's lead, Mager
will of course, choose the latter. for you see. Andrew

.,‘r U

Mager is a very principled man.

 

This article’s author is the Managing Editor of the ASP

stir-neutered ’ V
Emmom a
a

00

 

 

 

 

A All/Bee]

-;* .,

.=' a .4

is something bothering you? is
something going on you think
people should know about? Send
a letter to the ASP.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IgnoranCéjisa Sin

To the canon ‘ 1

in response to the “Be Positive’l'letter concerning

Patrice Johnson's column which appeared in the ASP
February 5.)” g ‘. ' . - . L ' ‘ ' ~
it seems that themiter'has missed the significance of

Patrice's columh.-Mostlof..Patrice‘s'col_umns last semester. '
shed light on important'aspects of the black experience on'

this campus. There is one; in»; case'yo‘u haven't noticed.
Contrary to the phrase “. '. . finds racism and discrimina-
tion in everything," i strongly protest. The un'derlyng
themes in her column are positive messages to minorities,
especially blacks, to strive for their personal goals in spite
of racism and diScrimination; She is not a militant or
radical in the traditionan sense, nor is she a separatist.
Patrice's message is softly spoken, yet firm and articulate

in its presentation, ﬁnding positive things in almost every _

subject she ’v‘vrite's about. a  r

racism and discriminationf(especlally on this campus) in
virtually all aspects of life,iwe must continue striving in a
- society where racism is inherently established.

i believe that the unknown writer’s statements about

Patrice's column were unjust and inaccurate. Only a
twisted, misguided and psuedo~intellectual could be blind
to the implicit and, explicit positive messages in Patrice's
columns. 1 thank the ASP' for running the much needed
Patrice Johnson's column. .  '

Unknown writer, ignorance/innocence in America is

not bliss. his a sin. . » ~
' —Edarn It: Essa

Preventing death a

To the Editor: I . ,

*Being a member of BACCHUS can be a rewarding but
frustrating experience. Our committee consists of approx‘
imately seven regular members who meet monthly to try
to organize and'develo‘p projects to boost alcohol con-
sciousness to the SUNYnAlbany students and the com-
munity. The main concernof our group is to educate
students and to try to ‘prevent any future casualties
and/or'deathsxOurilntentions are very good and each
member is enthusiastic and dedicated to accomplish our

 

 

‘ noon Jo autumnal-in chief
been  John Koongrr, Mumglng Eclrom .

nu... amt.-

. . n w.“

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Anal-Pinko"-
Auhenldltor‘ ........... .. ‘ .r...............Dsyld L}..Lulrln
Associate Albei- ldtlor.. ton Ginsberg. Rlns Young
. s. nu . ~ - Yn g‘
"' J "“ l-nﬁpnlllnr's
.. . n. , .. Hm"
I‘m-“lulu- ' ~ ~ _ u a
"" ' - ' ' y ‘ ' Hun-M Helnu

 

c”, I‘ll-w
' . um bangle”. senior Eoltor.

Contributing Editor. ano Anderson, Joesph .FuscoMlohblll Krsll. Wayn-

roboorn, Judy Tor-l Iﬂhﬁ’hllstlnh: Nicholle ﬂush-r, Cathy E-ng.
Kristine Bauer, Ilene Walnutsln. "shunts": Barbers Akron-mar. Donna
Altman. Lulle ctr-It, Johanna Clancy, Jamal. Clulr; tun Clements, Ken Dom-
lwurn. Bette Dumbo. both Flnnmn. Ronald arsnl Go on. Bob Hsnlcn. Erlo
Hind-n, Moddl Run. .1. MlohulMsloo‘, Christine ﬁll a t.
nlch Sheridan. Micheal Bkolnlolt. Perry Tlnchlsr. Artist: Stove Brylon

   

can: blow. Business Manager
~ Lynn Bernie. Auoclslo Euslnuu Manager
Maura Kellen. Rhonda Well. Advonlslng Managua
' ‘ like Krohncr, Sales Manager
my Poros-
xmn Ml.
Manager “llrlell Mitchell
Advertising bobs: Moro Noberrnln. Stays lull. Advertising Production: Use ,
Blunt-r, Denise culronn. Teresa Elections. Ellun Kolbnuk. Jacki Mldlmky.
Amy Psoorny. om“ stnlt: Lind: Delgado. Mulcrle Rossnthsl. stephlnls ‘
Schanlul y . r

Ilﬁl

Adam 3. Engls. Patriots alsnnoll. Production Managers

  

. Chlot‘l‘ypeulter ........................................ .. ..................Lunosy Hoymun
Typlsts: Debora Adolmmn. Jeannine Disnuuo. BI Evolsnd. Burs Fu. Lln
Glamorous, Maureen McHugh, Pun atrwber. Pulrupz E. Phllrlp Hoover.
Judy Lawrence. Dun Dlrrol Stat, M.D.Thornpson.,chuullruro: Warren Hur-
wlu, Richard Sheridan ‘ ., .

Photography principally uuppllsd by University Photo Service. a sluddnt
group. ‘ r

Chlol Phologupher: Erlcs Bplsgsl till all": Shari Alblll . Amy Cohan, Morl-

Culllnun. John Curry, Lynn Drsltus. Olndy oan-y. Adam OInsburg. Rotten

Hanllnann. David luau. Kenny Kirsch. Robert Luckoy. Em Mlursr. Mark

Medlavllle. Chris Orslnl. Llu Blrnrnonl. Robert Saucy. David Slrlck, Howard ‘
Ir »

Ilntlrs contents oopyrlghl 10st Alblny Bludsnl Fran Corporation. I" rlghts
tour" . r

The Albany Student Frans ll oubllshsd Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Bludsnl Prue Corporullcn. In lndepsndsntr
not-lorprolll corporollcn.

Editorllll are written by the Edltor In sum wlth members or the Edllorlsl
Board: policy In subluol to revlow by the Edllorlsl board. Advenlslnc policy
does not necessarily reflect edllorlsl polloy.

Mllllng address:
Albany student Press. GO 820
1400 Wuhlnglon Ave.
Albany. NY "232
(Ma) Arr-sanitation

 

 

Therefore, it is more accurate to say that inspite of i

' Estoollurodlrr rrrl. -_V

,Stopi'the draft

 

   
 

 

‘ geal, but an enormous obstacle_stands in our way, and

that is the lack 'of-inVolvement‘from~other students.
WithOut aid and effort'from others oitr cause can not
flourish and grow as we, would like. There are so many
groups on and off campus'that'are’d'evoted to alcohol
awareness yet this group lacks the involvement it needs.
They need new, interesting ideas and hard workers to
maintain and expand upon' thef goals. Each member
usually chooses an area towork on and ‘then the commit-

.tee meets to discuss‘ the'dev'elopment. This format allows'

for many projects’to be accomplished, but we need more
help, more drive to continue this crucial service to the
SUNY community. Many other groups 'on campus intend
to provide this service but this group is determined to
strive forward and produce effective results. Whether we
work with others or alone,1'we want to be able to beneﬁt
others and even if wecouldl help one person our goal
wouldlbe reached. if anyone is interested please contact
Dr. Ellis at LClS or myself. Thank you for your time and
i hope everyone will see the importance of my plea and
will respond favorably. ‘ ‘-

é—Rlsa Sonenshine
BACCHUS member

Jabberwocky

To the Edltor:

May l, as one who so gullibly “buys the government's
line” on draft registration, congratulate you on the latest
invective directed at the United States of America.
Although i thought impossible, you have managed to
out-jabberwockize your predecessors through your cons-
tant efforts to misinform the’student body. I
I Far from giving the government a green light, registra-
tion simply alerts the government to your whereabouts
should an emergency arise. A registrant in no way com-
promises his right to conscientious objection should he be
drafted. This is an indisputable fact that in no way imp-

, inged on your ability to spew anti-military rhetoric at the

drop of a hat. , ‘
As to the statement. that the defense of our nation is

‘ akinto “fighting blindly for somebody else's cause." i

should say, that it was my" understanding that .the

" maintenance of personal freedom was everybody's cause.

There is little doubt that, should a political system be im-

posed. ,whereby your right to‘print misleading informa-
’ tion and factually-incorrect editorials is. stiﬂed. nothing

short of a call to‘arm‘s would bc‘demahded.And so

perhaps. Mr. Editor, the impetusgof this regular self~ ,

fiagellation should be questioned prior to the next install-
ment of denunciations being printed. ”
v Allobert Goodman

 Ed. note: The assumption thatthe editor of the Albany

Student Press is male is incorrect

To the Editor: . e

i would like to commend you on the February 5
editorial on draft registration. Andy Magcr's open refusal
to register was a very brave 'act. and so was the protesting
by the eight people who were arrested at the federalcourt
in Syracuse. His refusal to register was certainly not un-
patriotic. it was a way of protestingfand petitioning the
government to change an unjust and militari'stlclaw that
makes it'ea'syto have 'a draft; if a person is drafted into
the armed forces he loses civil liberties such as free
speech, privacy, right to trial by jury, as well as being
forced to lead a harsh military life. He a‘lsois required to
kill another human being when ordered to do so, besides
putting his own life in jeopardy. ‘ ,

Draft resistance is not a new idea. itvhas been done in
many other countries, and was ﬁrst resisted in the U.S.
during the Civil War, when many violent draft riots broke
out. There were a great number of resisters during the
World Wars. though the U.S. government took harsh and
violent , actions against them. Now there are at least
$00,000 menwho have failed to register. This is twice the
amount of‘people that refused during the Vietnam War.

What does the current registration mean? it [means that
the military, will get your name, address,,soclal security
number, and. phone number in their computers, so they
can track you,down'any time. it also means that you'll
pledge yourself to the Selective Service System, and give
up control of your life to the government. The draft
means that the administration may be getting ready to
launch another war, which will likely occur in Central
America. The more names the Selective Service has, the
more ready, willing. and able the U.S. will be to deploy

the armed forces.

So far only eight people have been sentenced for failure
to register in the four years the current registration has ex-
isted. it takes too long to prosecute everyone. and there
wouldn't be enough juil space anyway. However. the
Solomon Amendment allows the denial of federal finan-
cial aid to students who fall to register. What this does is
to Impose a punishment on an individual without even
having a trial. it also denies the right to education for

those who disagree with government policy. Fortunately,
the Selective Service gives plenty of notice that you didn't
register (if they discover this), and you’ll be allowed to
register before they cut off your future.
i‘know there are plenty of conscientious objectors out
there like Andy and myself who have refused to commit
themselves to a system that discriminates on the basis of
age, sex, and socio-economic status. We want to stop the
draft. not evade it. We must all stand up for what we
believe in. .
—Tom Gavegliu

Stolen finals

To the Editor:

in an earlier article of the ASP regarding stolen
business ﬁnals. it states that the MSIZIS and ACC222
classes had to retake the ﬁnal. it also says that ACCle
students were not compromised by the rewritten ﬁnai. i
agree that the ACC2II students were not compromised,
they were sacriﬁced. I

The mean score of the ACCZII ﬁnal was 20 points
below the mean of Dr. Cannon’s previous classes. One
might think that Dr.’ Cannon would curve somewhat to
make up for this, (considering that the class was four
points below the mean before the ﬁnal.) but he did not.
What this meant was that only 20 percent of the 450 or so
students got an A or a B, while about 50 percent recieved
aDor anEasagrade. _

Some say Dr. Cannon took his vengeance out on the
class, while others believe that he tried, to be fair. 1
disagree with the former. To see Dr. Cannon’s face after

'the ﬁnal, smiling, all jolly, you would think that he had
just won the lottery.

it’s interesting that the ACCZIl students didn’t have a
retest like the ACC222 and MSIZlS classes did. Maybe
the results of the ACCle ﬁnals were bad enough not to
warrant a retest, while the other classes did well. Because
of this past term's ﬁasco, i wouldn't be surprised to see
that the cumulative GPA of the class of ’87 business
students is the lowest in the history of the “most holy"
business school.

With the lessons of this past term behind us. i hope that
future students don't think of the “all mighty" business
school as the next best thing to diet soda on this campus.

—-Andrew Kampcl

.
Se-rlou sr matte rs
To the Editor:

The controversial Affirmative Action Policy is being
reviewed and revised by the internal Affairs Committee
of the SA. The importance of this policy warrants the in-
put of many persons, in particular, group leaders. Unfor-
tunately. not one group leader attended Tuesday night's
meeting.

Streamlining this policy is just one of our tasks.
Another task, and perhaps a more important one, is to in-
sure that the policy is used, and used effectively. To this
end, the participation anthooperation of group leaders is
needed. Our next meeting will be on Tuesday. February
12, 1985 at 9:00 pm. Affirmative Action is a serious mat-
ter-and its policy implications are far-reaching. Therefore
it is imperative that group leaders who have suggestions,

-or who will inevitably be affected by this policy, attend.

—Joseph Jackson. Jr.
Central Council Member

Student book co—op

To the Editor: -

Regarding Jeff Turk’s letter “Bookstore Ripoffs"
(ASP, February 1) in which he decries Barnes and Noble's
business practices and proposes instead of a University
run bookstore, i would like to go him one better: A non-
profit,'stude'nt-run book co-op.

i haven't puzzled out the nuts and bolts of setting up
such an organization, but i‘m certain there are people on
this campus supremely qualiﬁed to do so (our business
students, for example.) Obviously, a co-op Would de-
mand an enormous commitment and would bear incredi~
ble responsibility, but if enough students felt as strongly
as we, Turk and i-. do about getting taken by Barnes and
Noble's unfair and un-ethical buy-back policies. and if
they expressed their feelings in the form of cooperative
action. the organization would gain all the support and
commitment needed to run smoothly.

Putting a co-op together shouldn't be taken as a
burdensome task, but as the idea of entering into a non-

remunitivc enterprise might strike the more pragmatic V

among us as a bit unfamiliar, perhaps credits could be
given to those participating at the managerltd/organier-
tional level of the co-op.
if the University wants a profitable business to rent
space, let Barnes and Noble remain as a purveyor of
paper. pencils, magazines, etc. As i seem to recall a letter
to the editor last semester in which some Barnes and No-
blc folks maintained those were the most profitable items
in their inventory.
=~—Jlm Fulton

 

