. Maw 

' WhyB'obY can’t. write x  _, _

l 0 Bobby, that is NOT the correct
Nway to hold ‘a pencil... Bob-
by. . . are you listening to me?”

. . . “Um't”. . . Bobby looked up dazed-
ly at the teacher. He had been trying so
hard to make the letters right that he hadn’t
heard what she said. Now she was getting
that frustrated look on her face. Soon she
would talk to him like he was a
retard-. . . like he was slow at learning.

Keren Schlomy

 

 

"Bob-by." She enunciated every sylable'. ,

"Watch me. Hold the pen-cil like this,
seeTt"

"Yes, ma‘am.” Bobby mumbled, scrun-
ching over his writing once again, vaguely
trying to remember what she had said
about the pencil. it seemed to satisfy her,
because she moved on.

At the end of-the school day Bobby
handed her his' composition and waited
with expectation. She frowned briefly and
started to talk to Bobby in that tone-again.
“This is. . . fine Bob-by. id like to speak to
your mom-mie and daddy. O.K.? Will you
re-mem-ber to give them this note?”

Bobby nodded-his head dutifully and
left. He looked for his best friend, Peter,
but all the kids had already gone home. . .
or 'at least were too far ahead for Bobby to
catch up. He wondered what the note said.
it felt very warm in his coat pocket, and
the hand he was clutching it with started to
sweat. Soon his warm sweat had loosened
the flap of the envelope enongh for it to be'
lifted. Still he walked. each step bringing
him closer to home. it wouldn't be so awful
if he read it. would it? As long as he gave it
to his parents. She DlD seal it. . . probably
to keep the letter from falling out.

Bobby opened the note. it read, “1 would
like to meet with you to discuss Bobby's
schoolwork. Please come to see me before
or after school. Mrs. Duenna." That was
what it said, but Bobby couldn't read it. it
was in script. inhis school script wasn’t
taught until third grade,'athobby llad'uni'
ly just started second. Still, he knew it had
something to do with his writing. Well. . .
it wasn’t his fault if the letters didn't
behave themselves . . . was it?

When he got home, an unusually quiet

Hempel

fter an introduction by literature in-
A structor and short story writer,
Elizabeth Gemmette._ author Amy
Hempel stood before a small but attentive
audience in Humanities 354. Her soft eyes,
hcr carefully chosen clothing, and the
touch of gray in her hair gave the attractive
33-year-old writer a sincere and thoughtful
air. She nervously admitted both delight
and terror about speaking at SUNYA. but
encouragement from an audience member
to "relax" broke the ice. Laughter followed,
and the presentation continued in an infor-
mal and friendly manner.

Elizabeth Miranda

Hempel is the author of a collection of
short stories tilled Reasons to Live. The
book was publislu-d this April, and Cem-
mrtti- noted that critics have already labell-
ed the author the "now voice ot her time."
Slu- is also called a minimalist since, as
William Kennedy pointed out alter the
presentation. she “knows exactly what to
leave out." Hempel never bothers with ex.
trancous details. She explained she is easily
bored, and takes tor granted the reader's
ability to fill in unnecessary details, Also,
she enjoys getting in and out of things as
quiikly as possible. For this reason,
l'lcinpel said she will not pursue novel
writing.

Reasons to Live resulted from a writing
workshop Hempel attended at Columbia
University. One assignment involved
describing her "most despicable secret” ~~
one she could never live down. From this

 

 

 

 

"you'r-

 

 

Bobby went stréight‘ to hisrooin torplayﬁ

with his toys. From all appearances it was a
normal boy's room, with" toy soldiers,
building blocks and the like. Mothers;
however, know better than to judge a

boy's room by appearances. Bobby’s room.

also held a 'snake in in a Coke bottle light;

closet, a lizard in a shoe box, under his bed, v i

and a small mouse in an empty dresser
drawer. .

Heaven only, knows what kept it!

but Bobby seemed to have a way with liv-

. ing creatures. He was so full of vitality that n

he seemed to breathe life into everything

he did. So what was he doing alone in his ‘

room't,"Bobby7" His mother knocked on
his door and he opened it. “is everything
OK? Are you feeling well?”

“Yes,_Momma, l'm OK." 

"Why aren't you outside playing ,with
your friends?" - ‘

"i left school late."

Sometimes motherhood was like pulling
teeth. she reflected and asked, “Why did
you leave school late?"

“Mrs. Deunna wanted me to give this to
you. . . " He handed her the letter. There.
The horrible secret was out. Bobby hadn't
actually lied, but even so, he hated telling'
his mother about the letter.

"You‘haven’t done anything bad, have

"No, Momma." he said as he started to
cry. "i try so hard every day, and i always
do my homework... Really!
She . . . she. . . ." Bobby ran to his mother
and they held each other close.

   
     

animals alive, wondered Bobby’s mother; '

 

 

 

"Shhh  it’s, all- right Bobby. i believe
you, and you don't‘ have ’to worry about

anything Mrs. Duenna says.”
. . I a a

 

" “Hello. l’m Bobbny mother. Are

" "Yes, l'm his teacher. Please sit down.

Now. i don't want you to feel that i don't-
' like.\Bobby_personally, but i think you

  

should know that he's - a certain learnin

   

: ‘ bby 5 mo er Was half out of
the chair before that awful teacher pushed
her down again. .

 

. I}.

"'l realize this is hard to accept, but the .

sooner you put him in- an institution
capable of dealing with his problems, the
better off he‘ll befl can't give him the
. specialized attention he needsi" _ ' .

Goodness, this woman is abrupt, isn’t I

she"! "What makes you think-Bobby’s
retarded?" ‘ ' ’

‘ "That’s a very strong word to use. He

does show an apptitude for_science-a'nd he-
speaks on a third grade level, :but hecan’t

seem to learn how to write correctly; Here

is one of his assignments/C .' '
Bobby’s mother could barely. understand
half of the words on the paper that was
held out to her. The letters'were fine. but
the words themselves made little sense. "l’ll
look into it.” she said in a distant voice. Her v

Bobby, did, that? She tried to remember if 1 7
 ‘

she had ever seen‘his'pip'éts?
brought theirs home. What did Bobby do
with them, she wondered. The teacher led
her out of the room. Class was about to‘
begin.

At home, Bobby‘s mother checked his

   

 

: paper awarsdqui'clsiwﬂie c, ‘

‘ dresserulrle rarely used  e.

. 5 ’ Mr
"3w etiemfb

 

   

 

’ but there. was no'Sign 'of any?
cils, pens or paper. . . . ' ‘
. Q ’ I

 

 

When Bobby éa’ihéaiom

See Spot run to Dick." i

' His motherriooked at; Bobby's penand; '
' saw him form the correct Words ca'ref’ull 
.‘ ‘ Relief crossed her face ’as‘ she‘snatched'thé"
' 'er husk:
band. “See?! it’s right! i knew that‘yiiomanl'

 

paper from him and-rheldtitsupt "h

 

" was Wrong't" ,..i=  pl 1 f , . 
"_Of course it'sright. He’s our son, isn't”

he'l’,’ .As his wife, hugged him held" the

paper drop, audit landed near Bobby. who.
, _waited'for thejchanges to start happening.
. I > a] I '3‘ a r

After. supper, Y Bobby: went out  play: I

and hisparents went into the living reom’
to watch‘fl-Y.‘ .tzlis mother automatically,
picked up the pen and paper thatwaspri}
the floor, glanced at them, then frowried.
"Honey, what's this?" . I” -'
"it‘s the piece of mystationary that i,
gave Bobby to write on this afternoon." :V
"Whatdoes it, say?" She waslfrightened
now. ._ '2 .1 ‘ 1
"See ‘ Dates trnspu Janp. . .  the?
Bobby must have gotten out another sheet
and started writing nonsence ‘on if." ,’
‘, "But why would he write such awful
words?" . ‘ 9 .. ' =;- , » ‘ .
. .lfMaybe‘ he ,does h 51' help; A child
therapist might” . " c i ' .
a a '

  
      
  
   

 

while this time.’He clim '
got a crayon and paper

    

now and watched with:

 

Z as'the letters rearan'ged themselvefs almost,
' ' N9.-

't . '-..
‘ , . t __ ’vesr. of he.
couldn't make. them “behave ‘otherwise.
Lately he'd noticed other  . . like
waking up after! a bad dreamldf afit-of
anger and finding all his furniture‘slightly'
out of place. . ., ' . "J

reads Reasons to Live '

topic, the painful and magnificent story,
"in a Cemetery Where Al lolson was
Buried” materialized.

The story describes a young woman's
visit to her best friend, who is dying of
leukemia. After putting off the trip for too
long, she travels to the hospital and finds
she is unable to deal with her friend's il-
lness. Helpless with guilt and fear, the nar-
rator cannot provide either love or com-
fort. lnstead. she runs away and is haunted
by memories of the best friend she has fail-
ed. Filled with trivia and humor, this story
was the saddest and most touching piece
that Hempel presented. At its conclusion,
death is portrayed in a beautiful, heart-
wrcnching scene; a scene which not only
brougli the audience to tears, but the
author as well.

l'lL-mpcl also presented some of her very
brief works which, she explained, some
critics refuse to call stories due to their
length. The second reading, "Duiour,"
dismisses the belief that time heals all
wounds. If one goes by Amy Hempcl’s
definition of a story as "not what happens
to you (the writer) on the page, but what
happens to a reader in his heart and in his
mind,” one must disagree with such critics.
The audience's silent and solemn reception
of "Duiour",certainly proved its value as a
moving and authentic short story. no mat-
ter what its length.

Hempel's work is entertaining. mean-
ingful, and much more. it was only her so:
cond university reading. and Hempel con-
fronted her audience at SUNYA honestly,
without pretext of great experience and

 

 

 

”. . .Hempel con-
fronted her audience
at SUN YA honestly,
without pretext of "
great experience and ~. _,
sophistication. . . "

 

 

sophistication. Some were probably reliev-
ed when such a successful writer admitted
she is not "terribly well read in the
classics." Even more comforting is her
ablility to laugh along with the audience.
The surprising fact of Thursday's presenta-
tion, however. was that few students at-
tended. This is unfortunate. especially
since the young writer is not far removed
from the college experience. One English
professor claimed to be "disappointed in
his students" because they have‘not taken -

  
  
      

 

advantage of such programs sponsored by
the New York State Writers institute.

Not only did students miss the oppor-
tunity to review Hempel's work, but also
the chance to speak with het while wine
and cheesevwere served later. Hopefully, as
more students become aware of the ln-
stitute's unique contribution to SUNYA.
they will. appreciate the talent and
knowledge of those invited here to speak.
and more will attend the presentations. L'i

 
  

‘ V ‘ fhé‘lfa‘iﬁdillfs,‘
mother and father waiting'for- him. They ‘
didn't seem an ‘1 ,- .iu:.i1t, upset. His father“
handed him-[1‘ p'en.  a‘.she‘et bf,  ,
"He read, {’See Dick. See Jane. See Spot.“

 
   

 

 

October 29,; 31,985

Charlespvlaysdespite prOtests , _

Palace Theater, despite the presente of nearly-eighty
anti- apartheid protesters marching peacefully
outside.

Ian Spelling _

Ray Charles performed as scheduled Friday night at the

 

Several in the crowd distributed anti-Charles literature to a ‘

those entering the theater, while the majority chanted
phrases such as “Music, yes, apartheid no, Ray Charles in
go,” and "Free Nelson Mandela.” ' _
One man explained to his young son that the
had every right to express their beliefs.
sidewalk,” he said. - ~ ‘
Mark Mishler, the SA= attorney, stated his ‘
demonstrating. "i’m here because” people in So
and the United Nations have asked'the Unitedzﬁ
economically and socially isblate South Africa. lt'
isolation will bring about the end of apartheid. '
"Every performer and athlete,” he 1continued
to South Africa is really helping the govemmeri
ting the people fighting for freedom from aparth,
e demonstration’s effects proved obvious”
lights dimmed, and less than half the theater's seals one
cupied. Despite this, the show began promptly'at B'p
with the Ray Charles Orchestra playing a 25- minute set. A
three- piece band consisting of a bassist, guitarist, and a
drummer shared the unadomed stage with the 13- piece or-
chestra. Each musician played's‘eparately, and then in unison
with the others. Several performers soloed more than once,_
which caused the audience’s attention span, as well as the
level of applause, to diminish. ,
Ray Charles walked out on stage 20 minutes later wear-

 
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  

 

ing a huge ear-to-ear’grin and an audacious purple-ﬂowered

  

Agttpop's John De res  ‘ , ~ I . I
- here's always a problemwh , ‘meone says they’re
T from New York/especiall _ e‘y happen tube in a

band. Assumingdhe "NewYorker" is a male,>an.,im-
age of a streetwise toughskin with a cigarette hanging from
the side of his mouth iseasilyfcongured. Clinging to hisside
is his "woman" who beautifully juxtaposes neat with scrag'g-
ly. They both Wear’ black and live in the East Village.” ace
in a while, they eat. - " .~ , , r 

Michelle ’Krell ,

Not necessarily so. New York is a very big state. Manhat-
tan and the other four boroughs are considered part of “the
city”, but Poughkeepsie? Where the hell is,'Poughkeepsie7
Po Town, as it is affectionately called by its ' L L" ‘ is
about an hour and a half’s drive out of New York City. The
biggest thing it's got going for it is the job opportunity at
local lBM buildings and an unwarranted potential Guardian
Angel invasion. Once it even had a club called The Chance.
Fat chance Poughkeepsie’s got now, now that The Chance
has remained'a piece of burnt sculpture after more than 365

  

  

ays. "
iii‘ll’o Town there are riocity-styled clubs to. play in. if ,

you want to have fun you can catch a buzz at a local bar or
take bets on the number of fish floating at the top of the
Hudson River. For an even bigger kick you can watch the
New York papers as the news pours in on "cleaned up"
Hudson water; that will be served to the drought strikcn
denizens of New York City, (love that PCB).

50, what do'you do when there's nothing to do? You
start kicking up the grass. Out of a stark environment three
down home boys from Poughkeepsle decided to start a
band called Agltpop. The band got its name from John
Beekman (ex-Shux Lumania). Singer John DeVries, drum-
mer Markial’alce, and bassist Rick Creclni were heading for
The Chance to deliver a tape of theirs prior to their first gig

gitpop: Yk

 

 

jacket. He acknowledged the warm ovation by tapping his
heart several times, and wrapping himself in a hug. Then it
was down to business.- Charles dug deep into his vast reper-
toire, playing everything from rock n' roll to gospel in his
hour- long set.

Among the highlights were a quiet and pained version of
his classic "Georgia on My Mind," and a subtle rendering of

 

    

theretwlFleshtones in 1982) when they realized that they
didn’t have a name. Beekman’s idea seemed to sound good
since they had to put something on the tape, so they went
along with it. it's funny. The band’s name is one letter short
of political propaganda, literally.

”. . . DeVries has an uncanny ability to
combine“ innocence with experience,
both lyrically and vocally. . . ”

 

. Aspects on Tuesday 9

"You Be My Baby,” during which Charles’ voice ascended
to an incredible height, then suddenly dropped to an in-
credible depth.

Charles also performed two rather unusual numbers,
Rodgers and Hammerstein’s "Oh, What a Beautiful Mom-
ing,” and "Some Enchanted Evening.” During the pro-
vacative, quiet version of “Beautiful Morning”, Charles
seemed in imminent danger of falling off his stool. But it
was the inspired, socked-out interpretation of "Enchanted
Evening” (from South Pacific) which led the audience to clap
their hands‘a‘nd stomp their feet. Rogers and Hammerstein
are either rocking or rolling in their graves, perhaps even
both. ' v

The Rayettes, Charles’ four female backup singers, came
on stage following "Do i Ever Cross Your Mind't", a number

’ during which, Charles used dramatic sniffing as a form of

embellishmentThis added little to 'the song's effect. The
Rayettes, much like the sniffing, simply weren’t necessary.
in fact, during a duet version of Roy Orbison's "Crying
Time", the women served no purpose whatsoever. They
dramatically .overeacted every action. Even standing mo-
tionless apparently took tons of choreography.

in Quick succession, Charles performed a disco-rock ver-

;, , sion.‘ ofEddie Floyd’s “Knock On Wood”, a gospel inter-

pretation of '4 Can’t Stop Loving You”, and a country ditty
entitled 1’Born To Love Me."

Charles appeared to thoroughly enjoy himself, and this
feeling was mutual. He was a constant blur of motion, with
his feet constantly aflutter and head continually bobbing
back and forth. Charles gave each and every number his all,
even the ones best described as filler. Charles was emo-
tionally drained. ‘He walked off the stage, with the help of
an aide, to a standing ovation, a well»deserved standing ova-
tion.

band?

non-conventional approach that Agitpop takes. Although
they aren't as extreme as Einsturzende Neubauten in their
musical tactics, they are different. According to DeVries,
the band began with the intention of going "as far away
‘from writing a normal and average song, no matter what
that entailed. " Producer Albert Garzon thought that that at-
titude entailed studio work when he saw them at The Mug,
a Vassar College hangout. Garzon (who's worked with Alex
Chilton‘and produced 10,000 Maniacs'pre-Elektrd'secrets of
The l-Ching") told them he wanted to produce their first LP.
That same night, Agitpop had a bass guitar amplifier for a
PA and sounded like they were playing through a
megaphone. Wonders never cease; all of the 12 songs on ~
Feast of the Sunfish were recorded in under 24 hours last
year, and this past May's record release has put the band on
the Boston Rock playlist.

Agitpop is Agitpop. ._T hey won't spend more than two

-. dollars on a six pack "of beer‘and they will neVer move

downstate. They may skirt Violent Femmes ground in their
backyard approach' to music ‘(Re:“Eskimo Kiss") but the
three big Red Crayola‘fans are a pop band at heart. "We.
have an edge that either makes you think or maybe annoys
you and makes you hate us," says the 24-year-old DeVries.
Love ’em or leave 'em, if you consider yourself a fan of
music that doesn't sound like rehashed pasteurized pop then
Feast of the Sunfish is definitely worth looking into. (Watch
out for Agitpop on SST’s New Alliance compilation.) Cl

'I'HE ran ’sno:

By GARY LARSON

 

Feast of the Sunfish, Agitpop's debut record on Com-
munity .3 Recordings, is filled with personal politics.
"Astronauts and Cosmona uts" sounds as if it could be a war
in the galaxies‘song, but it is actually a love song filled with
adolescent discoveries of double meaning including
"favorite knowledge under hair." DeVries has an uncanny
ability to combine innocence with experience, both lyrically
and vocally. “Loaded With Blanks” has a whispery gruff to
it that it gives ian McCulloch competition in the sensuality
category.

"Problems Respond,” the first cut on Feast of the Sunfish,
introduces the clarinet to a very raw combination of syn-
copations. "My father always said,- ’l bought you this
clarinetl You never use it, goddamn itl’ So, i brought It to
practice," chuckles DeVries. in the maraca filled blues'of
"On The Hudson" the topic of dead fish seems naive and
peculiar with DeVries crooning that the local gilled ones,
". . . Just don't taste good anymore." But the chemical pollu~
tlon problem is a serious one that doesn't please the band; “i
love Texaco/And even Exxon/And i love Erie Lakawana."

7t toy xylophone in “Reasons Of State" emphasizes the

 

 

 

 

Nonoongo tron—worrying less about ruining a
good head than he did the social ioux pas.

 

