 

 

 

 

“comeito’thiﬁll‘eiﬁa. 

  

 

Wu "stacked?  ‘

 

A Cliﬁ‘ Behmd the Notes

es, there really is :1 Cliff at Cliffs
Y Notes, but they really aren‘t his
notes. That‘s why they dropped the
apostrophe from Cliff’s Notes back in 1975.
Mind you, publisher C. K. (Cliff) Hillegass
loves books and always has—he‘s a vora-
cious reader and a collector of rare ﬁrst
editions. But the most impressive thing that
Cliff does with a book is sell it. He was a
Nebraska book salesman back in 1958,
when a Canadian textbook jobber asked
Hillegass to distribute a line of Shakespeare
study guides. Bookstore managers were per-
suaded to stock them at a time when cribs
were almost unheard of. Recalls Hillegass:
“They said, ‘It‘ll never sell, but since Cliff 's
putting itout, I’ll take 10copies'."Time has
rewarded those trusting booksellers and
proven C. K. Hillegass proﬁtably astute;
this year insecure students will buy nearly 5
million copies ofthe “notes,” and it’s nearly
impossible to ﬁnd a bookstore that doesn’t
stock the yellow—and-black booklets.

Success didn‘t come easily. The notes had
to overcome what Hillegass calls “a fair
amount of resistance" from educators. “It
wasn't unusual,“ he recalls. “to hear ofa
teacher getting up in front of class and
saying, ‘I don't want to hear ofyou getting a
Cliff ’5 Note.’ It was great advertising for
us.“ Still, for ﬁve years after starting the
business, Hillegass continued to work as a
textbook jobber while his wife ran the Notes
operation from the basementof their house.
Then, in the early ’605, sales began to double
each year. In 1985 the Cliffs Notes line,
offering more than 200 titles, will gross an
estimated $7 million. Hillegass, 67 and
semiretired, calculates that about half of
those purchases will be madeby high-school
students, 40 percent by college students and
l0 percent by other readers. And he still
contends that use of the notes has often been
misunderstood. “The more serious a stu—
dent is,“ Hillegass says, “the more likely a
student is to use Cliffs Notes, and the less
likely a student is to misuse them."

Misuse. Almost everyonehas a tale, apoc-
ryphal or not, about innovative adaptations
of Cliffs Notes. A retired English professor
at Iowa State remembers the time a student
chosethe word“intercalary"to describethe
structure of John Steinbeck‘s “The Grapes
of Wrath." Only after someone handed the
professor the Cliffs Notes for the novel did
she learn what the word meant (“interpolat-
ed or inserted“). Faculty attitudes may have
softenedalittle,butprofessorsare still wary.
“I‘m afraid what really happens is that stu-
dents usethemasasubstitute forreadingthe
texts," says Prof. Donald Morse, chairman
ofthe Department of Rhetoric, Communi-
cation and Journalism at Michigan’s Oak-
land University. While Morseconcedes that
some students can beneﬁt from reading a

  

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY I‘lllS

Cliffs Note interpretation, he believes that
most aren't sufficiently “independent of
mind to know what to accept or reject."
Hillegass argues that there’s nothing wrong
with using the notes as an aid to understand-
ing the text or for review purposes. His
guides, he insists, are not meant for cheat-
ing: “There’s nothing in a Cliffs Note that
you couldn‘t ﬁnd in ﬁve or six books in the
library. The interpretation is just there in a
concentrated fashion." And each booklet
contains this disclaimer: “These notes are
not a substitute for the text itself or for
classroom discussion of the text . . 
Editors at Cliffs Notes claim that they

 

 a

mufflf‘? '
Wk

president of the James Joyce Society, Ed—
ward Kopper Jr., wrote the Cliffs Notes
for “Ulysses,” and the guide to Emily
Dickinson's poems was reviewed by edi-
tors of the two major scholarly journals
devoted to her work. Hillegass says that
the guides allow professor-authors to dis-
seminate their lecture notes to a wider
audience. And the academics may have
other reasons. James Roberts, a consulting
editor to the series and a professor of
English at the University of Nebraska,
observes: “Sometimes the famous scholar
needs a new roof on his house."

The notes themselves serve as a dipstick
for the national curriculum. Last year, as
usual, “The Scarlet Letter," "Macbeth,"
"Hamlet" and “Huckleberry Finn” sold
best, about 100,000 copies apiece. Cont-

     

Hillegass and his study guides: Teachers are wary, but students will buy 5 million (Itisyear

have made it increasingly harder to use the
guides as shortcuts. “We place far less
emphasis on summary,“ says chief editor
Gary Carey. “Now we assume that stu-
dents have read the novel." The booklets,
which ordinarily run from 70 to 80 pages.
include a brief description of the life and
times of the author, substantial chunks of
information about characters and styles,
questions for review and a bibliography.
But most of each guide is devoted to inter-
pretation: 95 ofthe 125 pages in the notes
for “Ulysses” analyze the meaning of the
book, with only enough plot thrown in to

glue the package together.
I cause their authors have changed.
Instead ofgraduate students, schol-
ars and critics now produce most of the
work. Novelist John Gardner wrote three
guides before his death—for “The Canter-
bury Tales," “Le Morte D'Arthur” and
“Sir Gawain and the Green Knight." The

he notes have changed, in part, be-

pleting the top IO were "The Great
Gatsby," “1984,” “A Tale of Two Cities,"
“The Grapes of Wrath,” Homer‘s “Odys-
sey" and “Julius Caesar." Times and tastes
change. Notes on Joseph Conrad novels
have fallen sharply in sales since the '60s,
while science-ﬁction guides have soared.
And the notes are continually updated to
reﬂect new mores. In “To Kill a Mocking-
bird,“ for instance, the references to “Ne-
groes” have been changed to "blacks," and
the issue of race is faced directly in an
essay entitled “Prejudice in the Novel.“
The company has even updated itselfinto
the electronic age, with a new line of Cliffs
Cassettes. The 12 offerings, including “Ro-
meo and Juliet" and "Great Expectations,"
are not meant to be study guides, but anew
entertainment option for the Walkman gen-
eration. Each tape runs about an hour and
offers details about plot, characters and the
author, plus something you never got from
the notes: dramatized excerpts.
RON GIVIENS in Lincoln. Neb.

3.1

  
    
  
 

