lllllllﬁ llllllll

BY DON WALLER

n one ﬁnger, the whole “roots-rock re-

 

vival " is simply a predictable, pendu-

 

lztm-lz‘lee reaction to the slicle, videoge-

 

m'c acts that currently rule the upper

 

reaches of the pop music charts.

 

On the other, it’s a measure of how fragmented

 

the audience for pop music has become that even

 

the purist rocle ’n’ roll hand these days requires

 

clarilication by hyphenation.

Hence the term “roots rock."
which is as strangely eerily close to
redundancy as any two pair of words
can get. li-sidcs, how can rock 'n' roll
be revived when it never died?

Nevertheless, what is true—and
germane~is that a loose group of
musicians. led by Bruce Springsteen
and former Creedence Clearwater
Revival mainman John Fogerty. most
of whom had been playing the exact
same music for years, has captured
America‘s orbs ‘n ears of late.

Considering most of yoti reading
this are college sttlents and therefore
don't have anything better to do until
Letterman comes on, take 60 sec
onds out of your lives and subiecl
Bruce Springsteen‘s music to some
S-E-it-itHl-S historical analysis...

'l'ime‘s up! lllue books in!

Now. what have yoti got?_ir. Walker
and the All Stars' "Shotgun"? Gary
‘ll..\'.‘ lionds‘ "Quarter to 'i'hree"?
liob Dylan's "Like a Rolling Stone"?
'l'iashy white hands from Mitch Ry»
der and the Detroit Wheels to the
Young Rascals on down the Jersey
sltoi'el’iust about every guitarorient
ed ilt'itisli invasion hand of '64-‘65?
And, ol~ course, the spectre of Phil
hanging over the entire lingtiini-
with \".l|\'(‘llilc. dying Northeastern
industrial base mess around?

Yes, as you can tell. l was an l-In-
glish major. iitil right now, Ah'm old
and tired. lieen interviewin' rock 'n'

In A iii/ir-rsrutil

roll bands for elebenty-sebben years.
So. when my future grandchillen
climb up on my knee and say, “Yo,
Poppa, Poppa. Straighten us to the
Great Roots~R0ck Revival of 1985."
what am i gonna say? ‘Go away, kids,
you bother me.‘ that‘s what.
Whereupon. they will threaten to

use all my web-top Checker records
for Frisbees, so i'll smile the slowest
ol‘slow-sad smiles. bum a forbidden
cigarette and regale the tiny mon~
sters with this dovwah didtly...“ “ads
are irrelevant. 'l'hey change every
three months. in the end, only the
underlying restlessness matters."
That was Nik Cohn. circa 1969, in

 

his .457 magnum opus, “Rock: From
the Beginning."

Wait a minute. Talk about your
contradictions; i wish you could see
mine. First, i tell you that this roots
rock music isn't a fad. that it's been
around as long as rock 'n‘ roll itself.
Then, I say that it's only a fad and
therefore not to take it too seriously.

Well, welcome to America. Where,
as i write it isjuly 4, 1985. lndepen
deuce Day. Fireworks. Bruce Spring-
steen on the radio at the 7-11. sing-
ing “Born in the USA." which the
iranian clerk behind the counter
doesn‘t notice. His grandchildren,
however, will grow up to be muslA
clans. What'll they be playing? Why,
roots-rock. of course.

What we‘re taking so long to say
here is that a whole lotta these kool-
kats walking around in pearl-but-
toned shirts ‘n' toting vintage 'l‘ele-
casters were playing in a syntlt-pop
hairstyle combo two years ago, in a
skinny~tie "new wave“ band five
years ago and in a disco lounge act
three years before that.

Anyway. here‘s the sanctiﬁed low-
down on the rootstock sound that‘s
going ‘round. So open your mind,
clean tip your face, buy a few of these
records or—better yet-—go see these
hands when they hit your college
town and decide for yourself if
they're iivin' or iaminin'.

Along with Springsteen and F0-
gerty, the roots-rock acts with the
most impact have been Los Lobos
and The Blasters. Los Lobos, the
more successful on record, came to
Hollywood as Blasters protegés, hav-
ing played everything from authentic
acoustic Mexican folk music to R628
to 'SO‘s rock 'n' roll in front of multi-
generational crowds in East El lay
for the past ten years.

The Lobos may look like they just
got off work at the body shop, but
they capture the ambience ofa small-
time border town dance hall on a Sat-
urday nite. This is partyin' music.

Neither do The Blasters, who‘ve
been recording what they like to call
“American Music“ for the last six
years. Blues, country, rock, gospel——
it's all grist for these steel mill union
leader's sons: Phil (“the Man of
1,000 Voices") Alvin and Dave. his
penman/git-tar pickin' brother.

As far back as the mid~‘60's, the
largest, most loyal audience for any
single style of American roots music
has always been the exalted brother-
hood of blues fans, And there are an
amazing number of good blues
bands around: AOR guitar heroes
Stevie Ray Vaughan, a Texan who
mates the bluesy side of Jimi Hen-
drix with the rockin' side of Buddy
Guy and George ’l‘horogood, a Dela~
ware slide specialist who worships at
the Shrine of St. Elmore Games). are
the current commercial champs.

They are followed by the iabulous
’l‘hunderbirds, who play ampliﬁed
country blues :1 la Slim Harpo and
spotlight Stevie’s big brotherjinimy
\ktughan; Roomful of Blues, a Rhode
island-based, multl-horned jump,
jive and iazz outfit; and L.A.'s crimi-
nally underrated James Harman
band, whose duel guitars of Kid lia-
mos and Hollywood Fats enable
them to whip ass on lust about any
local blues band in the lantll

While the blues is such a tradition-
al element of rock 'n' roll as to have»
been transformed into heavy met-
al—think about it—the recent
groundswell of country-oriented
roots~rockers represents a more sig-
nilitant shift in rock ’n' role models.
Led by ex-punk-rockers. brothers
Tony and Chip Kinman, Rank And
File got there first. Mixing Everly

 

lVll

Brothers harmonies with Lefty Friz-
zell's roadhouse rhythms.

Led by the lovely and talented Ma-
ria McKee. Lone Justice has been the
most-ballyhooed, although it‘s even
money whether this bourbon ’n‘
branchwatervoiced thoroughbred
wouldn't be better off doing pure
country material rather than the cor-
potato rock she’s saddled with.

My money. racing fans, is on the’
Long Ryders, who take oﬂ‘ from such
second-generation country~rock acts
as the Flying Burrito Brothers, the
Gram Parsonsera Byrds, the Buffalo
Springﬁeld and the Band.

And. if that ain't rock 'n‘ roll, or

roots rock, or whatever you wanna ‘

call it, what is?

And, if it isn‘t. then whaddya-cali ‘_
Zoo York City‘s Fleshtones,r..other -f
than “the wildest band this' side of *

Blr'dland?" Or how ‘ ‘bout the Barn-
gles, the Del integers, Three O‘clock.
the Rain Parade, lhe~D¢l,L0rd§, the
Droogs, ’n'ue West or the. Pandoras.
all of which can be lumped with vary-
ing accuracy under the generic head-

ing of ’60'_s:inliuen’cad, saint-psyche- .

delic, boombdom revivalist'si, :

'And what about'.K;B.M.,‘»"
‘ on the Velvet'Underground, and
Byr'ds for inspiration, aridl'wlndlng.‘

up the most successfulact working
this particular 'side of the street?

After all, who would've thought I

that the biggest bands to come out of
the "punk-rock revolution of '77"
would be the Police and the Talking
Heads? Only those hip enough to
trap the rap of that great rock ‘n‘
roller. Heraciitus, who said, “You
can't step in the same river twice.“
Which means that guesstimating
which of the aforementioned acts'
songs will still be bar-band standards

win the year 2010 is a task better left to

those with crystal balls.

Or, let me put it to you another
way...” Bob Seger came out with his
debut album this year and it sounded

exactly like his 1976‘ “Night Muster, "

would people hail itas "a triumph of

hauntingly accessible roots-rock?“

in the words ofthat ancient Greek
philosopher. Lou Reed:

“Despite all the complications.

You could still dance to a rock ‘n'
roll station." ' ' ,

And it was all right.‘.. I ‘ O

u

lllSﬂlllillllPllY

10 Hot
Historical
Tracks

wm'tmmmammmmmmmmuwmmmi
mmiumwmmmwmwmmmma
Ann me—L-EIJ , "WWI
Mandelodasﬂuﬂmmthemmoldxmhlomelﬁipesimnhmnu.
bmwmm.mwamiwcss.2mt~mmgumsimmts
mmwm“‘ ‘-'“ ,‘h "' ‘L “ " ., A '
‘ ‘ " ' M . :‘ " 9"" N“
mmmmn‘wmmmmamwotmmWai'mmm
mmmzmm'mmmmmmm‘bmmmwm
>muummmrmm0ommwismmmmmumw
mummmmammmtm
mmmwmumwmwmwm

mammmmmmomnsmtowsw
utﬁnsrmpp‘mgsoumnndedbsmr
v m'mmounmiwiawmimu
wmmwmumwms
mumm.mmpegeiwmac~nwm
W"watme£ﬁcaapbnleuned“AIYwLova“lbum
momentoumurammmmmmammm
, sauna-www.mmminimmhwa
MW‘,W”“ e“ L 'm'“ u... ,, "mumm-
ummmmmmm'smmnmmmeuwoim."mum
 w. L. ‘ ‘ M mm ‘
“we I L m» _L - s t“

WMWMNWW v

 

' D ummwmttmugrmawygmnﬂhasahghtmmlatsmatiareomtimtemd

Mammmmadoitsmummmmmmautoimmuoimmmm
.. : A e ' u '  L ,uwgtmutatsothatleaduLouFbédonoe

 

1w 1. .

sanguilho—oratieastﬂtoctuiactermpahayed-malymeanmlmterw.mysleiymmkbeanty

whmmmmmmmwmw ,, ‘

> Mt“. t.Whmsiﬁlw).mbkobcﬂonotkbsatdtgammdtm:oithom'sbatstotor
. .. "

l3.", ’
Wimmbanpmkposhuhgsmdvmdmlnmio
mmmmuuymmuwwmmnmmwdwp
mummimsmmuwtmwmmmmve.
WIgGMiustovertheShadWhetromMywheievle.U.&A
b mmmmwmmmnmwmm
Trio. (Grady/Ewan. 2 Lleport). Mwidest. tiniest. stubborn
gestntoatmaticmduﬂymimduDigwtulsthamie
son'uc'ddentailuzztomon“1'he TmhKaptAﬁalt‘.“ (The no
bitdsandAuosrrithdtd.)Cobrthasaromeokod,mtohotmdbbe
www.mm.
P WWWM'WM.DMGW(W1WWMOIWWW
. .Wml ' ' 'mmn , . .
raw-rm. litiafippoddscnonethotess eonlaluthoortoinal—mey wrolo'em—vorstons oi mott‘covoied
classics as “Justin” “Big Boy Fete," "Knko Joe.“ "Fume: John" and “Leaving It AI Up to You.“ Whaowi
D m It“ ltd Zydeco. Olillon Garter. (Mimic). You can whetitule lust about any at this
WKIWI'S several abtiiiti (or this W's oliort Whethu slim In French points or American 
ptayingswkihgﬁﬂorsmppyMostmlﬂslegendhasbemtrnmdsputedkbgotzydeooahigtw
mytimclumolmismmlokm.mtreso‘namtmrwet
DMWTWMWTMM(Antimimhonorollnoiintiiboalhathobod

n. a n i“ . a r. t

‘ ill/.i/I/i

CItttonChonior

""‘l"“""""U° . “M u
to outstation to go along with the spectacle. Emma with potyrhytlmic power ami—ugatn—ii unith
‘ 4 , ' “' ‘ ' L J " tor ‘ 'sdayt’oudm'havetolmowlhalthe
NevileBrolhom are merrbets oi the tribe to believe that when the Wild Tehoupttchwlaii brag they're "gonna
stmmmrp." Jack. they back their wax.

 

 

 

 

