ARCHITECTURE

Campus

” Americana

We borrowed from
Europe, but the look of
our universities reﬂects
our historical trends.

0th the "campus" and the ar-
B chitecture associated with it
are American inventions. For-
get all thoseGreek revival facades, neo-
Renaissance columns and Oxbridgian
quadrangles. Though it dresses up like
a European, the American university is
as native as baseball orjazz. From the
ﬁrst, it has been dedicated to egalitar-
ian ideals, unlike its great European
models—Oxford, Cambridge, the Sor-
bonne—which were attended by a tiny
elite. In an early engraving, an Ameri-
can artist shows us the founding of
Dartmouth College in 1769. The back-
ground is romantic, even primitive—a
row oftrees, a clearing chopped in the
woods, a pair oflog cabins. In the fore-
round, a preacher leads a decidedly
democratic group ol‘students—some white, some American Indi-
nn—in prayer.

The very word “campus,” derived from the Latin for “ﬁeld,” is
romantic, not classical. It soared in popularity at Princeton afterthe
revolution when that college opt for open, green ﬁelds. In time
the word came to signify the “sp' fa hugely complex phenom-
enon, embodying c ssrooms, re. iurants. gymnasiums and the-
aters, not to mention dormitories. “The American university."
rhapsodizcd the French architect Le Corbusier in the 19305, "is a
world in itself.“

in
a
o
o
I
, >—
:3
o
E
.—
a:
(
o

Dartmouth: Egalitarian

W

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

: .~. A K
-' ""‘  \"Iﬁli. a; “ .A-‘u. :  .
CINE r "W . r - - 7 ,

Robert Venturi’s Gordon Wu Hall, Princeton. A subtle echo of the

Despite this extraordinary fact, little attention has been paid to
the architecture ofthe American campus in all its amazing variety,
which encompasses both hoary tradition and the most rigorously
"modern" and "postmodern" avant-garde styles. Paul Venable
Turner, professor of the history of architecture and city planning at
Stanford, has ﬁnally begun to right this wrong. His new book,
"Campus" (337pages. MIT Press/Architectural History Founda-
tion. $35), attempts to survey the entire history of this strangely
overlooked subject, with an emphasis on "planning," whichmeans,
in practice, the theory behind the organization ofthe butldmgs. In
the case oflucid, invigorating thinkers like Thomas Jefferson, who
designed the University ofVirginia in Charlottesville, this emphasis
works in Turner‘s behalf. From his earliest letters about this
project, Jefferson was thinking about an “academical village" in
which the faculty lived as well as taught—about an entire living and

I

a J


" III
., --1.-‘r
.. 4m ‘ .,

' Renaissance ornamentation and ha y window: elsewhere on the campus

working community, not simply classrooms. As Jeﬁ'erson’s rich,
inventive mind unfolds in drawings and plans, as he decides to
violate the classical norms of symmetry and uniformity (in the end
he designed a pluralist campus, in differing styles), the reader is
enlightened and exhilarated.

tions—Turner proves that campus planners area deadly lot,

addicted to verbose clichés and weighty miscalculations
about the future. The architects themselves are the unintentional
stars of “Campus.” Despite this ﬂaw, Turner's book is signiﬁcant.
In subject is mighty. Its pages are filled with glorious pictures of
buildings both beautiful and grotesque, reared between 1642—
when Harvard College built its ﬁrst three-story wooden structure
—through the 19705, stopping just short of this decade when in-

B at Jefi‘ersons are rare. Besides him—and a few other excep-

ventive architecture of a decidedly new order is once again rising.

If nothing else, collegiate architecture in the United States has
always been monumental. Harvard‘s three-story college was the
largest building in New England (a later four-story building
towered above anything else in the Colonies). The Anglicans raised
an even larger structure at the College of William and Mary in
Virginia in 1695, modeled on the work of Christopher Wren, and
Nassau Hall at Princeton was reputedly “the largest building in
North America" when built in 1753.

Yet at no point have presidents, trustees or planners ever consid-
ered the "appearance" of the university to be secondary. In pre-
Revolutionary days, their es~
thetic criteria were normally
religious. In the 19th century,
the designers sought to express
the nobility of education and its
democratic ideals—normally
supplied by classical motifs. In
our own day, schools like Yale
and Rice, both committed to
the teaching of architecture as
an end in itself, have often tend-
ed to hire “name” architects
and give them their head. In all
eras, the campus has always
attracted the cream of design-
ing talent: Jefferson and Benja-
min Latrobe in Colonial days;
Frederick Law Olmsted, James
Renwick, Ralph Adams Cram
and Charles McKim in the
19th century; Frank Lloyd
Wright, Mies van der Rohe, Le
Corbusier himself, Eero Saari-
nen, Louis Kahn, John Carl
Warnecke, Philip Johnson and
Cesar Pelli in our own time.

Harvard established the wide-open, extroverted American ideal,
in contrast to the austere, withdrawn English college, whose build-
ings were linked tightly together behind tall, protective walls—so
that students could be sequestered from the “town” vices of wench-
ing and gambling, and protected from the frequent “town-gown"
riots. Harvard’s memorable U-shaped grouping of three buildings,
loosely modeled on the gabled-roof manor houses in England, was
clearly intended to remain "open" at one end, facing, not hiding
from the town. Though Jefferson‘s university was four miles from
Charlottesville, be arranged the professors' homes and classrooms

mm

Santa Cruz: Boldﬂaurishes

g" / i:

 

I ’ I ._._._ t .W. _.___ ._.._,
University of Virginia: 'l‘hmnar Jeff/0mm: 'x neoclassical ‘acarlemicnl village' was designer! to create a familial atmosphere 3; “liver-"0’ 0fHW-"0" 11" Chilec’l‘N’ “hm”: D’W’mm‘ "Will?!" by Philip «lit/"150" “Nd 10"" HWL’W- deliberﬂleb’ “calm”: "'9 I’ll-i"
. W
22 N WEEK 0N CAMPUS/APRIL m5 5? NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/APRIL i985

 

