  
     

Out of sight
Out of mind

There‘s been a poster for Karen Wilson hanging
outside the business administration building since'
spring break. Two days ago it disappeared; blown
away. or pulled down by sotneone senseless enough
to give up on her. Every day. it sectns. a few more
posters fall: a few more people give up. or tttaybc just
forget.

Four weeks ago. everyone was wondering what
happened to Karen Wilson. Now. only one month
after she dropped ottt of sight. she's dropped ottt of
some of our minds.

We can't let this happctt. Every persott who gives
up. every poster that falls. every person who forgets.
increases the chances that the search will end without
results. State troopers are still looking for Wilson.
and cltances are they'll keep searching as long as they
have to help answer inquiries frotn the press and
from concerned friends attd fatttily members. if we
forget. we make it too easy for them to tuck Wilson‘s
file away. marked Unsolved.

Fortunately. a lot of people care about Wilson. A
lot. They haven't given up. and they won't let us
forget. They. along with SUNYA‘s Public Safety
department which has dottc quite a bit. including
contacting the entire university during spring break.
deserve a lot of credit for all they've done. especially
Mark Foti. Wilson's boyfriend. His courage and
determination under these circumstances should
stand as an example to us all. He deserves a trcmcn-
thllS amount of respect and praise for not giving up.
for somehow coping with what most people would
find to be an unbeatable situation. and for constantly
seeking ways to expedite the search.

While efforts to locate Wilson have cotttinued. the
concern for women‘s safety has slowly diminished
since Wilson disappeared.

Two weeks ago. you couldn't walk outside without
a poster of Wilson reminding you ttot to walk alone.
Since then. Don‘t Walk Alone's service has been er-
ratic. and we've seen few. if any. signs around cam-
pus that any additional lighting or emergency phones
have been installed.

it's too early to forget the lesson about women’s
safety that these circumstances painfully
demonstrate. and it‘s too early to forget Karen
Wilson. Sometime during the next week. ‘
may be at your door asking for financial or other
support. Before they get to your door. consider this:
try to recall everyone whose life you've touched at
this university. all you've said and done here. and
how much you probably mean to your friends and
family. Now. imagine that you disappeared. Would
you expect people to stop looking. and give up on
you. in thirty days?

Perversion
for art’s sake

If you didn't get to see University Cincmas‘ show-
ing of Body Double this weekend. here‘s an example
of what you missed: ltt ottc scene. a man using a drill
strategically (or is that pltailically?) placed near his
groin. drills a woman to death. The director would
not allow the actress to protest at all. making her
look completely vulnerable and defenseless. and sub-I
consciously leaving the viewer with the impressiont
that she deserved or “wanted it." All this creates a
scene where the killing of an anonymous woman‘
becomes an erotic event.

While it is unlikely that anyone would leave this
movie and go out and drill a woman to death. there
are other tnorc subtle results of the movie that
University Cinemas sltould have shown more concern
for before selecting it.

Numerous studies have been done on the correla-
tion between violence and pornography. bttt all it
takes is common swim to realize that in one way or
another. we are all influenced by the media. Movies
like [Jody Double cart lcavc viewers thinking that
women don't really tttind violence: that they're ob-
jects waiting to be used attd that they can‘t be iturt.
physically or ctnotiottally.

The woman in llorly Double is nothing more than a
sexual object. one man‘s fantasy. Till: man itt this
case is Brian Dcl’alttttt. the director. All his movies
center on some kind of sadistic killing of a beautiful
woman. This isn't art: it's just sick. artd University
Cinemas should have recognized it for that. ‘

 

 

 

 

  
   

  

 
  

» tk-i'l‘ ,.  , ,2
.l‘. \ -. '
-..,. . A. g

1:» K‘I‘i‘J-i‘t». ‘

    

Collage Press Service

 

A problem of

l. along with 400-500 people were gathered and unified
on Wednesday evening itt protest of Minister Louis Far-
rakhan and the views that he preaches. Most of the pro-
testers were Jewish und were protesting the fact that the
minister has made anti-scmetic as well as anti-Zionist
remarks. At the protest l vocally expressed my views and
feel it imperative to do so at this time in hopes that some
sanity can be brought forth from this potentially volatile
situation. Before i get into the core of what I feel must be
mentioned. i will say that i do not speak for any specific
group. but rather as an individual who is willing to bet
that his views are the views of many others.

i Howard Mueller l

My protest was sparked by the fact that Louis Far-
rakhan has made nnti-semetic remarks. My father was
born in Czechoslavakia in l93l and was on his own by
i939. He lost his father and much of his family at the
hands of the Nazis. The members of his family that did
survive have the memory of their pain. as well as concen-
tration camp lD numbers. etched upon them. Their
persecution ntust be remembered. for they were con-
demned because of their race. They live now with a hatred
that no man was meant to foster. But along with an emo-
tional point of reference. insofar as l have been closely
touched by the pain of persecution's results. i also have a
ltumanist's viewpoint. l stress that Minister Farrakhans
views are not solely a Jewish problem but a problem of
humanity.

Louis Farrakhan speaks of the oppression of the black
man in our society. of the injustice of an overwhelmingly
white social and political infrastructure. Mr. Farrakhan --
l could not agree more. Emotionally. I fervently believe
that it is a disgusting phenomenon and one that mars the
image and the heart of this country. Something certainly
must be done. But this is where l and the Minister
tliveragc in our thinking: What exactly tnusl be done?

1) Do we rectify injustice toward the black man in our
society by educating people to scrutinize the irrationality
of their individual prejudice? or 2) Do we rectify this pro-
blctn by advocating militarism to achieve an end?

Education amongst all men is what is needed. for we
tnust all try to broaden our scope. This is a slow moving
process. yes. but clearly the most non-violent and tnost
effective in the long run. Wotttcn. Orientals. Jews. attd a
host of other groups feel or ltave felt the effects of pre-
judice. ttot because of hate toward them as individuals
but because they ltavc been condemned on the basis of
their ascribed features. These cottdemnations have been

humanity

promulgated by widespread ignorance and can only be
stopped through the cure of ignorance itself. How do we
do this?--Through the educative process.

Louis Farrakhan has pointed his fingers at Whites, at
Jews. at Christians. all in search of a scapegoat. Some
mortths ago at a large gathering of the Nation of lslam,
(Farrakhan's Brainchild). Col. Muammar Quadaffi
spoke to theeongregants. via satellite. in regard to his ad-
vocacy of Farrakhan's cause. He. too. spoke of white op-
pressors and an evil government in Washington. He told
his audience that they should mobilize and miliarize
themselves to overthrow the government. Quadaffi stated
that he. as a friend of the black man in this country.
would help if necessary in the support of arms toward
that end. This is a man Farrakhan obviously advocates
and vice versa. i see little to make me believe that Louis
Farrakhan is any more that a threat to humanity. who
masks himself behind emotional rhetoric. Herein lies the
problem.

When anyone classifies persons along the lines of race:
wherever blatent generalizations are made: a watchful eye
needs to be everpresent. Farrakhan is a potent speaker.
who can present in his rhetoric and through his smiles.
trust and admiration. (There lies here an unmistakable
resemblance to Adolf Hitler.) We must be sure to see
through this haze. For along with whom Farrakhan
specifically condemns comes the condemnation of all of
humanity. We. as people of all races and religions must
make sure that the errors of history are not allowed to
repeat themselves.

Minister Farrakhan's appearance gives us all a
chance to raise our couciousness. not because of a bless-
ing that he preaches. bill for the curse he has the potential
to issue. We must all open our eyes and find justice in the
world. We are surrounded in the world. and barraged
with circumstances we cannot control. There is drought in
Africa. people are dying of hunger-uwe cannot control the
rain. There is widespread disease; people dying of cancer.
heart disease. etc.: we have very little to say. We are forc-
ed to accept those things in the world that. for now. are
greater in scope than we can control. But there are cir-
cumstances that we can control. We can be more tolerant
and understanding ofour fellow man. it is time that pe0<
pie are not condemned out ofignoranee. it is time that we
give serious thought to the injustice in our country. that
we see the problems of society and work to rectify them.
it is also important that we see men like Louis Farrakhan
for what they are-parasites that drain humanity's
lifeblood. l. for one. am sttre that humanity deserch
much more.

 

 

 

Karen Wilson has been missing for one month. No
clue as to her whereabouts has yet been discovered.

This summer, please, please be careful when you’re out
alone. Remember, things can happen to people like you.

 

 

.,c..m.._w..w.w,~m.c..~..m,.w .1. W... .. . ..

 

 

 

r LETTS I

Never again
To the Editor:

in not one. but in every generation. bigotry has risen up
andtried to destroy the Jewish people. Thishorrible. in-
humane series of events culminated in the Holocaust. We
heard the Jews were being rounded up. but we were silent.
We heard the goals of Hitler's “Final Solution" to the
Jewish problem. but we were silent. We heard the prayers
of fellow Jews just off the coast of Florida. but we were
silent. We learned of human body oil being turned into
soap. their skin into lampshadcs. and the atrocities 'of
Mengele's experiments on living human beings.. . .and
we were silent. Today we come together at a time when
anti-Semitism is raising its ugly face not only in the Soviet
Union. not only in Ethiopia. Syria. Libya and other
backward countries but in the United States of America.
Farrakhan says Judaism is a “gutter religion". that Israel
is a “criminal nation". He applauds Qaddafi and his
pledge for terrorism against American citizens. Will we
remain silent? NOl We must scream and fight and we
must do it together.

Farrakhan has called for the overthrow of the United
States government. He has called Christianity “a dirty
religion“. He said. ‘intler was a great man". He said.
“They (Jews) can not be considered the friends of God
doing such evil." These are all documented Statements.
Many of which were printed in the June 29. 1984 New
York Times. Does he not realize that Jewish leaders were
side by side with Martin Luther King in Mobile. Birm-
ingham. Jackson and Little Rock and played a major role
in the civil rights movement. Does Farrakhan forget that
Jews. like blacks. have been oppressed and always fought
for better social programs. housing. education and
against bigotry with the American black population.
Maybe he has forgotten. but we will never forget the
lessons of the Holocaust. Maybe Farrakhan speaks for
blacks when he calls for black pride and unity. but i do
not understand how any black person would want him to

represent their people. in the previously mentioned New.

York Times the N.A:A.C.P. deplored Farrakhan’s anti-

 

é . . "
._ (aspects

Establlanodln ml
\ Molt“ Jo Gratin. Edltor ln Chlol
Dun chino. ‘Jnhrt Keenan. Morton/nu Editor:

  
 

...Aiicl| Clrnborrt. Jam-a O‘Suitivln

Michelin authentic»: Wain-loin

Torn Keenan. Rina Young

..... ..Loron Cilnlbora
Inn anlli

................................. ..Danlol Built. Mich-ll. «all
n...- ,

  
 
   

 

Maintain loom litter .... ..
saw pg... little: in...»
Jerry Curtpiono. David LL. Lukin. Scalar Edltou

   

contributing Billiar- Wayne Puroboom. Editorial Antietam: Kon Darn-
blurn. Betta Dumbo. Eric Hindin. Robyn Stain. David Wartholm atoll urlim:
author. Abrnhlmu. Donna Altman, Karon Bock. Rachel Bruiow. Lllill Chalt.
Johanna Cilncy. Dorun Ciutr. inn clementl. Mike nationality. Mike Eek.
Beth Flnnatnn. Matt Gavan. Ronl Ginsberg. Bob Hanlon. Llu Jack-i. Bill
Jacobi. Stacey Kern. Mandi Kun. John LIbatu.Ctmy Levlun. Donna MocKan-
zlu. Joli Malian". J. Michael Melee. Pal Paul. Kenn Sehtomy. Putt Schultnb
mart. Rich Sheridan. June. Thorn-I. M.0. Thnmu. Doug Tuttio. Spectrum
latter: Brenda Schnilu lull Mini: Gary Palmer

OMI linghl. Butlrrou Manna
Lynn Bernie. Annelaro Dullnlu Manager
Maura Koliott. Advertising Man-gar
lilt- ttrnirrtor. Sal" Manager

In“... A n b. n ..
'm'unll gaunt... my p...“
"' Knr-n Dlyn
Advancing Onion: Ker-rt Amltur. Dan Finlahor. Moro Hoborrnan. Rich Liil.
Judy Tomi. Advent-in. Production: Liut Bichiur. Deni" Culronu. Toma
Glue-tone. Ell-an Koibuult. Alice McDermoti. Jacki Mtdllrllty. Amy Plplrrry.
Mike Schiltre. Ollie. hull: Kathy Chlchutor. Llrtdl Dela-do. Marietta Ronn-
thal. Stephanie Bchutlul

Adam 8. logic. Patricia allnnoll. Production Managers
chrll Cpiorrtln. Anoclnla Production Manager
Chili Type-otter  ....... ..  .... ..Llncoy Hoym-n
Typllla: Debora Adalmnnn. Jeannine Diznuno. Sarah Evaland. Cltrln Subtt.
Pant straubcr. Pull-up: E. Phillip Hoover. Judy Lawrence. Maura McShIna.
Ellen Ruvll. D. Dlml Stat. M.D.Thomnlon. Chauiinuru: Warren Hurwitr.
Richard Sharla-n

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Service. a Itudent
group.

Chlrl Photographer: Erica Sploanl UPI Stall: Shut Albert. Amy Cotton. Marla
Culllrtan. John Curry. Lynn Drariul. Cindy Galway. Adam Glnlboro. Robert
Han-mnnn. David lune. Kenny Kit-ch. Robert Lackey. Eu- Mnurttr. Mark
Modittvllla. Chris Oruinl. Llu Simmons. Robert Soucy. David strick. Howard

Enler cant-nil copyright m5 Albany alumni Pru- Corpoullon. All right-
il'lWld.

The Albany Student Press in published Tunadlyu and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Prue Corporation. an indapﬁmlﬂlrl
nolrlor-ptolit corporation,

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chili with members oi tint Editorial
Board: policy is subject to review by in. Editorial Board Advertising policy
does not nocouttrtiy tollcct editorial policy.

Mailing nddrul:
Albany Student Prnl. CC 320
ND!) WnIhlnulnn Ava.
Albany. NY i222?
will Ail-DOWIOJNIJJBD

 

 

 

 

 

Semitic slurs. and took pride that a black American nam-
ed Ralph Bunche led efforts in the establishment of the
Jewish State of Israel. The N.A.A.C.P. continues to sup-
port thc State of lsrael. and emphasize the many common
goals of American black and Jewish communities. As a
Jew. i would never support or even listen to a Jewish
leader who called blacks a “gutter race". Christianity a
“dirty religion". supported Qaddaii terrorism against in-
nocent citizensL and called for the overthrow of the
United States government. Jewish or Gentile. black or
white. we must all work together to halt the spread of
hatred. Never again!

~Lonnle Resnlck

Fact or fallacy?

To the Editor:

i read a letter in the ASP the other day regarding the
movie “Body Double." it seems that some guy in this pic-
ture mistakes a power drill for a phallic symbol and at-
tacks some poor woman with it. The letter went on to
urge a protest of the movie. This struck me as a
reasonable course of action; however. i was surprised
that the letter was not signed by a group of disgruntled
cinema students worried about artistic integrity. instead it
had been written by a group of women who consider the
movie pornographic and thus a prelude to rape.

Now l'm not much on pornography. Most of it is bor-

ing and about as subtle as a baseball batagainst the back
of the head. Neither have i even once mistaken a power
tool for a phallic symbol — nor. come to think of it.
anything else except my phallus. i can see where women
might take offense at being displayed as mindless pieces
ofdesireable ﬂesh just as I can see a man feeling the satire
way about Chippendales or Playgirl. But this type of
discomfort is one of the costs of a free society. The argu-
ntent that pornography increases the occurrence of rape is
a different story. lfthis were true i would have to join in
their protest — rape just isn’t something a guy can laugh
off —- i can think of no crime more heinous. Now. rather
than take their word at face value; however. I thought it
reasonable to do a little research of my own. in my intro
to Psych book i found this line pertaining to pornography
and rape:
“...based on the experience in Denmark.
where sale of pornography is now allowed.
availability of pornography does not cause
more sex crimes to be committed (K urchin-
sky. 1973). In fact the sexcrime rate in
Denmark has decreased. " '

Reading a little further i found a line which stated. “that
mildly erotic stimuli reduce aggression. and more arous~
ing material does not affect aggressiveness one way or the
other (Baron and Bell. l977)."

—Howttrd Elsscnstat

Freeze a plus

To the Editor:

l was very excited to see the results of the nuclear freeze
referendum in the recent SA elections. By 85 percent to is
percent (the largest winning margin of all the votes).
students at SUNYA voted that the United States negotiate

~ a mutual and veriﬁable nuclear freeze with the Soviet

Union. They realize that a nuclear freeze is an essential
first step to ‘stop and reverse the arms race. if President
Reagan really wants disarmament. a nuclear freeze is the
way to do it. “Star Wars" isn't.

What does passing this referendum mean? it does three
things. First. it sends a message to the media and to the
Reagan Administration that the students here at Albany
are concerned about the increasing arms buildup. and
want'something done about it. now. This comes at the
crucial time of nuclear arms talks at Geneva. Second. it
links SUNYA students with the anti-nuclear movement at
other schools such as Brown University. We want money
for ﬁnancial aid. not for an insane defense budget. Third.
it shows that students here support a disarmament effort.
We can look forward to ntore participation in groups
such as Peace Project. NYPIRG. and Greenpeace next
semester; and more activism in general.

Steve Landis deserves a lot of thanks for introducing
and promoting the referendum. Many professors were
risked to discuss this issue with their classes, and did.
through the publicity efforts of Peace Project —- both are
to be commended.

Very soon. the Comprehensive Freeze Bill is going to be
introduced in Congress. it calls on Congress to cttt off
funding for major nuclear weapons programs. if the
U.S.S.R. does the saute. Students should ttrgc their Con-
gress members to support this.

Things are being done this semester. On Tuesday April
10th at 7:30 in the Rat the filttt "Testament" — n drama

' about u fatnin surviving a nuclear war — will be shown.

Also. on Wednesday. May lst at 7:30 itt HU I37 Jim

Murphy of tire locrtl freeze chapter will speak about the

impact our freeze referendum cart have and what more
students cart do.

—-'i‘ont Gaveglht

NYPIRG Disarmament Project Leader

 

Helpful hints

To the Editor:

To open. we want to make clear that this is not an at-
tack upon. nor criticism towards our friends on the
Senior Class Council. Rather. a suggestion to future
senior classes concerning senior week events.

For four years now we have observed several Senior
Week Festivals and the problems associated with them.
One problem that we have observed is the lack of tickets
for the more popular events, such as Montreal Overnight.
Canoe Trips. and Booze Cruises. While we realize that it
is difficult to project how many people will get involved
in each event, we feel that each event should be able to ac-

comodate more people than they currently can. Realizing .

that some events are by their very nature litnited to certain
numbers. we nonetheless feel that with more planning
some events could accommodate more seniors.

As class dues players. we feel that we should have been
able to participate in more of the events which we desired.
With proper foresight. i.e. a Fall semester survey of ac-
tivities that seniors may want to participate in. Class
Councilors may have been able to gauge interests in
events and then reacted accordingly. Because this ap-
parently was not done. we and many of our classmates
have been closed out of events that we had originally
desired to participate in. We find that this situation is
quite unfortunate.

Senior Week is a very special time because it gives
seniors the unique opportunity to celebrate the culmina-
tion of four years. years shared only together. of hard
work attd new experiences. For the Class of ‘85. this
Senior Week promises to do just that. But the limited op-
portuttitics afforded to this and past Senior classes can be
used as a lesson if future Senior classes wish to make their
Senior chk as fulfilling as possible.

—Paul (E. (iasparini
Steven A. Rubin

Disgruntled student

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter in reference to the library and.
particularly. its employees. On many occasions. when l
have gone to the university's uptown library itt hope of
finding information on particular subjects. l have left the
library empty-handed and. to say the least. frustrated.
Perhaps my expectations of the university's library
system are too great. Nevertheless. i see definite need for
the library to do some re-vamping in its dealing with its
patrons and some improving on its original purpose: to be
a source of information on various topics. or at least. a
helpful guide to finding the sought information
elsewhere.

The library information desk can be of help sometimes;
but uttknowledgeable. and often rude etuployecs at the in-
formation desk usually provide little information. The
common response I have gotten has been. “You. know. i
bet it would be at the downtown library.“ Thanks. You
bet it would be? i have often bought this line and then
proceeded to the downtown library. This trek can be quite
time-consuttting. seeing as l have had to rely on our
university's notorious bus system for transportation. but
that is attothcr matter. Every time I have actually taken
their advice. that the information desk employee “bet
on." i have again come up with nothing. i ntust note. in
passing. that l have been thoroughly satisfied with the
downtown library.

Even the simple task of'tnking out a book at the up-
town library can tttrtt into a disutrbing experience. i am
glad the library is contputerizing its entire system: this will
be very useful for everyone in the future. But this
technical change-over serves as no excuse for waiting in
line for 20 minutes to take out one book. Tired-looking
employees take their time filling out the proper forms and
going through the required procedures to take out a
book. Often. they look up at those waiting in line. look-
ing like those waiting have completely ruitted his or her
day. Those in charge of library employees seem to be ttot
concerned with the long littcs or with the slow workers.
Even when there is no littc. l have had to wait. until a
library employee was told to help me. it scents there is no
pressure for these employees to work at all. i realize the
library pay is ttot much. but ther‘ are others who would
gladly take up your position. so. why don't sottte of you
library employees lift your tushes to do what you're paid
for: to help library patrons.

~Rlchard ll. Swanson

 

Friday is the last issue of the ASP
this semester. Letters tnust be sub-
mitted no later than Wednesday for
consideration.

 

 

 

 

w'c-‘I—‘iiulkr'ir . ..

 

