MY TURN

Mommy Is a Student

By KATHRYN DAWSON

n 18-year-old fraternity pledge
A asked me to a toga party one day last

spring. When I mentioned my need
for a babysitter. he was embarrassed to dis-
cover that although I was disguised as an
ordinary college student. I had twochildren
at home. I was ﬂattered by the invitation. I
also realized there are many people in high—
er education who need educating on what
breed we are, students who are also parents.

Iant a27-year-old single mother. I am also
traveling the road to my Ph.D. in psycholo-
gy. I do not believe I am so different from the
rest ofthe student population. I do know.
however that we parent-students haveafew
charac r1. sthatsetusapartoncampus.

For instance, we parent-students carry
book bags with the requisite textbooks. spi-
rals and pens. Ours, though. have added
dimensions. At this moment, mine also co —
tains a He-Man sword, a picture ofa tg
thing that grinds wood“ drawn by my son
Michael. a copy ot‘“Are You My Mother?"
and a Girl Scout cookie-order form. l’arent-
students have developed strong back mus-
cles to lug tltis gear around.

We parent~students are extra-friendly
crcatur Some combination of an air of
maturity and our relaxed outlook makes us
natural cottlidants. We don't have time to
listen to comes 'on but we do anyway. for
we realize we are a sort of haven midway
between loudmouthed roommates and par-
ents. A student's interests may be narrow;
ours must expand to include consumer in.
formation. local school-bond issues and the
names of all the Smurt‘s. Our knowledge
spans generations—our own. our cl: 's
matcs'. our children' . Multigeneratimtal
wisdom makes beginning Spanish easy
when we use the wpmiol we‘ve learned t‘rom
Bert. Ernie and Big Bird.

fothcr students need to know what

' ‘ ‘ they a us. We always weara

nay tck a spark ot‘sponta-

neity. but \ve . till enjoy going out for mov-

ies. concerts and hot-chocolate breaks. We

just need some warning tojuggle our. hed-

ule. After our etl‘orts. we do not appreciate
no-shows.

We are tired beings. We put our kids to
bed by 9:30 (if w - lucky) and then we
open the boo Ihis schedule usually
catches up to me after lunch the next day. l

have several pages of notes from afternoon
classes that are downward-sloping lines, my
last eﬂ‘orts before I succumbed to slumber.
We may appear exhausted. too. because of
our daily sprints across campus when we
have five minutes to meet a daughter's
school bus. One full-load semester I
thought I was going blind. No. said the
ophthalmologist, those dark shadowy ob-
jects e not detached retinas, they are your
eyelids. You need more rest.

We may raise our hands more in class
discussion. Stating an opinion aloud is no
longer an intimidating event when com-
pared with having a Caesarean section. We
may also have more applied examples for
what the professor is saying. Or maybe

‘—
We parent-students

are extra-friendly
creatures, a haven
between loudmouthed
roommates and parents.
a

we‘re just loudmouths because we’ve
learned to speak above the roar of chil-
dren‘s voices.

Sometimes we bring a child with us to
class, when there are no babysitters avail-
able on the planet. Some may marvel at how
well-behaved the child is They do not see
the trepidation behind such visits. the
bribes, the threats and the bushel of
M & M‘s purchased as silencers. We don‘t
want our child interfering with the educa-
tion ot‘others. lt‘thereisaclub meeting after
school hou , the probability increases that

' ' etherc with us. This hasusually
gone smoothly. except for the time I was
being initiated into an honor s ciety, and
my daughterannounced nature s call to the
solemn group.

It may seem that we stick together. we
parent-students. there being a magnet that
attracts crazi s to one another. Tlte other
day one such 23-year-old with a two-year-
old daughter motioned for me to come over
to her study area. Sltc
player. “l really should
but listen to this " she sttt

and then a tiny voice sang. "A-B-C-D-
E—F-G." “It‘s Rachel saying her ABC's,“
she explained. “God. isn‘t it wonderful?"
Another time two men and two women
stood in the mainstream of between-class
trafﬁc at the humanities building discussing
thejoysofnattiralchildbirth.

e are seldom lonely. We do not go
w home to an empty—or chokineg

crowded—dorm but to a house
full ofwelcoming Munchkins eager to be the
ﬁrst to hug us and to tattle on the other
sibling. The children permeate our school
projects. If we need to measure the moon‘s
orbit, the kids are outside in the chilly night
air calculating with us, coming up with im-
pressiveﬁguresonlyafew billion degrees off.
They agree to be our subjects for behavior-
modiﬁcation projects in Child Development
classes, with mixed results: my daughter
stopped sucking her thumb for good; Mi-
chael stopped sleeping in Mommy's room
only for the 30 days necessary to collect his
positive reinforcement. A parent‘s research
trips become magical outings for the kids,
who learn in the library that one dollar‘s
worth of nickels can produce 20 Xeroxed
copies oftheir hands.

We have a lot of conﬁdence. How could
we miss when we have our own cheering
section? My children have fully convinced
me 1 ant the smartest student on campus. I
picked up a term paper once after school
with my son in tow. and he boomed out
down the hall. “Gee, Morn. you get A‘s in
everything.“

Most professors compliment us on our
diligence in doing homework. We are usual-
ly good students. Many ol‘us were in school
once before and played when we should
have worked. This is our second chance.
probably our last chance.

We are 20; we are 50. We are single
parents; we are married; we are grandpar-
ents. We have all sacriﬁced for the privi-
lege of sitting at a cramped desk. and we
don't take our education lightly. Our
greatest common band? We parent-stu-
dents all love school.

Some of us even love toga parties.

Kathryn Dawson, a graduate aft/1e Uni-

versity of Mitzwmri in Rollo. is a doctoral
candidate at Old Dominion in Nor

NILWSW ‘ 2K 0N CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER I935

 

'25s:

Imported-by , , I .f
Van Mttnching &‘C9.,«vlnc.
New York.  ’ ,1, ﬂ

 

 

 

E‘t-l

 

 

 

 

a." '


    
  

 

f" i‘iCorne to think. of
merica's "f 1 imported ‘be

