 

 

 

 

 

build a network of contacts who “owe you
one." Don‘t call in favors before you've
earned them.

0 Don't actively look for your next job. The
best advertisement for your professional self
is a dedicated and loyal track record in your
present position. It's usually a good idea to
stay on your first job for two years or so
before entertaining the notion of moving on.

- Establish a good, solid reputation with your
current employer. You'll be surprised at how
small certain industries can become, and at
how easily a bad rap can follow you around.
Be honest and credible in all of your profes-
sional dealings.

- Develop good contacts with your cohorts—
peers, at your level, at competing firms—
and call on them to scout job prospects from
their perspective. Many times a job that's
not right for them will be perfect for you.

- Never bad-mouth your current job or boss.
You don‘t want to come across as a dis-
gruntled employee: better to say that you
see your current Job as a stepping stone,
or that you feel it's time to move in new
directions.

- Try not to take too much credit for a high-
profile project you were involved in. You
don't want to be too modest—you are. after
all. selling yourself—but you don't want to
undermine the efforts of your superiors.
either. Try to find something positive to say
about your boss's contribution to the proj-
ect—"it was his vision that made it all possi-
ble‘ '—while at the same time stressing your
instrumental role in its success.

' Use yetir network to help in assessing
whatever job offers you do receive. Often. a
firm could have a certain reputation (they
don‘t promote from within: they’re trimming
back in some areas) you'll want to steer
clear of. Ask around and you might turn up
some answers that will save you headaches
later on.

 

 

As stated n . page
people love to telk'ebbutthemselveeﬂnd
_ about their lobe. if  keepttiat inmlnd. .
urseiigr‘ '

goo'n'ftbe'a'

s [I |\ ,amoprgn
alumni offices will 

 

the realm.  am“
Impression} mammal,- intelligance- _

 

95If no an __. Pm-
titloner In your field Is the surest path to a

l   eranadwnhoutcona.
., bathedlmm f' '
_ urine, 1‘.


 biiiia lot: You, .
  in» Z: V ,'
total] forma-
Ie unto you.
your questions beforehand; you
donftmantJQ take up too mm" of your

lional interview, the rest

.hoétfsryaluabietlme, Somesempie ques-
1. .. :ﬁl'gﬂlstedggtlow: rs, .
. How you started

 lAlthQuehenlnlOmationel
openlnescffered ,
ideals:  , lob, ' -
 ' . , ,yourbestlobof-
fete. you'll find. will occur-When route not

I ngforthemwrectlyufyou succeedln
impressing yourhoetfln englnlormal. _
Informationealherlna setting. .
whetnewopportunltleswlllooenuptoyou?

 

Specml Advertising Supplement

- Be sure not to burn any bridges; if your boss
is sincerely interested in your career growth.
alert him/her to your intentions to move on.
Chances are your boss will respond so
favorably to your honesty that your current
work situation will improve dramatically. if
you don’t have the sort of relationship with
your superiors that would make such a
disclosure possible, be sure to keep your
Job-hunting efforts from a third party.

Of course, you can use most of the above
guidelines it you‘re looking to advance inter-
nally, within your company. Even if yourJob
keeps you behind your desk all day, keep a
visible profile for yourself by joining the com-
pany softball team. writing for the company
newsletter. or developing an endearing
"elevator" personality. Some of your best
second- and third-Job prospects could be lurk-
ing right down the hall.

CASE IN POINT

As a senior at St. Mary '5 College In Notre
Dame. Indiana, Joan Grabowskl cou/dn 't
decide whether to pursue a career in music
(her major) or business (her minor), so she tum-
ed to netwmklng to help with her decision and
contacted several successful members of the
South Bend, Indiana, business and fine arts
communities for informational interviews.

One of the people she approached was
the manager of the South Bend Symphony:
"We had an excellent talk, " Grabowski. now
26. remembers. "/said. ‘Goodbye, thank you.
I enjoyed talking to you, have a good life.‘ i
never planned on seeing her again. "

 

 

Nevertheless, Grabowski followed up this
meeting, as she did most of her networking of“
forts, by sending a note of thanks, along with
a copy of her resume. Eight months later, just
before graduation, the manager called and of-
fered Grabowski the job of assistant manager,
overseeing an annual budget of $500, 000. She
jumped at the chance.

"The fact that I mother the first time under
the conditions of an informational Interview,
that it was kind of networking—I was just try-
ing to ﬁgure out whatl was going to do with my
life—helped me to get the job later, ” assesses
Grabowski. "By coming to her early, and just
expressing my Interest, she must have sensed
thatl was interested in making a serious com-
mitment to the field, and not that I was just a
recent graduate who wanted a job.

"I am a great advocate of telling people to
do just what I did, just to do informational inter-
views. Be open-minded and try to find out as
much information as you can. It 's been my ex-
perience that when you do that people are very
flattered, and they're more than happy to tell
you how they got started. People like talking
about themselves and you should approach
people with that in mind. "

After two years with the South Bend Sym-
phony, Grabowskl decided it was time to move
on. This time, she called on her job contacts for
help in making the move. As an active member
of various professional organizations, which
she joined at her own expense, Grabowski
draw upon her list of professional contacts to
restart the informational Interview process that
had won her first job.

"I was very bold about it, " she now
remembers. "i called people in high positions,
people in major symphony orchestras whom
I had met however casually, and just called
them up and said, 'Hi, I admire you, you 've
been an Inspiration to me; would you have the
time to sit down and talk to me?’ And in every
case they were just so pleased that I had call-
ed tham up." I

Grabowski ‘s networking efforts soon paid
off—she was referred to the manager of the
symphony orchestra in Fort Worth, Texas,
which led to a job there as executive assistant
manager, overseeing a budget this time of
close to $3 million.

“I had learned through my first round of
networking that music was where I wanted to
be," she reflects. "And I learned through my
second round that there were lots of oppor-
runities for someone like me, and that I had ex-
cellent qualifications and, with time, excellent
contacts. "

"You have to be sincere, you have to
believe in what you're doing, and you have to
be assertive. I would relate networking to sales.

You really have to sell yourself, and you have
to be willing to take risks. No matter how film-
sy you think your contacts might be, if you have
even the weakest contact with the CEO at your
local major industry, call him up. The worst that
can happen Is that he or she is going to say,
‘No. [don 't have time to see you, but why don ’t
you try so and so.’ "

- I‘m!) Airtime-IIIfurrow; Imvullit'lllltitiEitilvli‘lisiCti IIu:

Special Advertising Supplement

 

