 

2a Aspects of the summer

A Cocoon

ocoon, touted as this summer's
‘ sure-fire box office hit, ' is

everything it's cracked up to be.
And more.

Ron Howa rd’s first film since Splash pro-
ves the young director no flash in the pan.
He's a talent to be, reckoned with. To Co-
coon Howard brings 'wit, charm and gentle
emotion; elements apparently requisite to a
Ron Howard film.

Ian Spelling

Cocoon is the story of four elderly
couples, residents of Sunny Shores old
lolks home in Florida. Through contact
with life‘giving powers of an alien race,
they regain their vim and vigor, as well as a
spirit of youthfulness which enables them
to escape their collectively drab existence.

 

 

Among the veterans under Howard's
command are Don Ameche, Gwen Ver-
don, Hume Cronyn, Jessica Tandy,
Wilford Brimley, Maureen Stapleton, Her-
ta Ware, and Jack Cilford. Brian Dennehy
and Tahnee Welch play two aliens. And
Steve Guttcnberg is Jack, a young boat cap-
tain who inadvertantly becomes the link
between the aliens and the old folks.

Watching these legends actually re-
juvenate on screen makes for a wonderful-
ly entertaining time. But Howard is shrewd
enough to know a catch, a rip in the silver
lining, is necessary. So, one couple declines
to wade in the pool which houses the life-
giving alien cocoons. The results of this
temper the film's upbeat tone, and Cocoon
becomes better for it.

All that transpired before: the improved
sex lives, the returns to cheating ways.
break dancing, and new-found love. take a
back seat to reality. Cocoon begs the ques-
tion, "is there something, something

 

   
    

 

wrong, about wanting to live forever?"

Howard provides countless scenes of
wonder, pathos, and comedy in equal
doses. That‘s the miracle of Cocoon.
Though there are aliens. it's more than a
sci-fi film. Serious moral questions receive
honest treatment. which forces the viewer
to think — without depressing him or her.
And despite the comedic over, and underl
tones, Cocoon is by no means a mere farce.

The omnipotent camera captures many
touching moments. Among them: Don
Ameche break dancing, Ameche and
Gwen Verdon ballroom dancing, the
alien's human-like skins hanging out of a

movre review

outof'this word 

Ichest, and slow-motion shots of Brimley,

 

  

Cronyn and Ameche diving and flipping
off a diving board.

With a cast as large and talented as Co-
coon's, selecting standouts is difficult. But,
the ever-suave Ameche coupled with the
glowing Verdon creates more than sparks.
They breath fire. Brian Dennehy offers yet
another chameleon-like performance as the
affable leader of the aliens. His innate abili-
ty to slip seamlessly in and out of widely
varied roles makes him the best character
actor in the business. Steve Guttenberg and
new-comer Welch are througth charming
as the literally star-crossed lovers. But it is

 

 

' Jack Gilford who walks away .wth ating;
honors. Cilford brings the film‘s humanity...

to its peak in a totally humorless role.
When his wife dies, one can feel Gilford's
guilt at not having permitted her to enter
the pool. Gifford is splendid,

Cocoon is a‘powerful picture, more so
for viewers,of advanced age, or for those
with living gr'arg‘lparents. The older people
are neglected, buf vital and spritely.
Howard wants the audience to laugh and
cry, but more importantly he is asking that
people think. For your five‘dollars, you get
more than a movie, you experience the
positive power film can provide. when in
the right hands.

 

 

 

 

 UNIVERSITY AUXILIARY SERVICES AT
ALBANY, INC. .

Contract Food Service
Snack Bars
' Cafeteria Services
Patroon Room
Rathskellar
Bowling
Vending
Billiards -
Washers and Dryers
Barber Shop
Check Cashing

Leasing Agent For
University Bookstore
Mohawk Campus

Glen House 1

providing auxiliary services to the
university community since 1950

 

and have fun doing it. '
Become an

Intramural Student
Assistant '

 

Be a Referee

 

or
for our fall sports.

The pay is good and it's fun work.

 

intram urals.

at 442-3239.

DISPLAY.

SA Funded

 

 

Become a CQ [11 [£1.11 

Serve on the governing body. of

Call the Association of
Men’s Intramural Athletics.

WATCH THE
INTRAMURAL

 

 

 

 

, _, “w...” V .4.............,. ..o..  .

H... .
.w ..uw.

~ June‘l 751955.

  

 

   

pus is doing well. Milo and Binkley
O are doing well. Berke Breath'ed,

multi-millionaire creator of the ‘

popular comic strip Bloom County, is do-
ing quite well. Penguin Dream and
Stranger Things, the third collection of
strips from Breathed's Bloom County, isn't
doing quite as well. but it gets by.

John Keenan

The collection is comprised of 120 over-
sized pages of recent strips, chronologically
arranged from Op'us's Momquest to Bill

 

the Cat's ill-fated run for the Presidency.
5 , . . 

=K1'ng’s 

Do you love," Stephen King asks his
readers on the very first page of his latest
collection of short stories. Skeleton Crew.
He repeats it again, later: “Do you love?”

I do. i love good horror writing.

John Keenan - -

The first Stephen King novel i read was

 

 

"Salems Lot". published shortly ltd-0ft.“

King became the superstar he is today: I've
read everything he's written since. He's lost
a little steam since his early works, but he's
still the best author writing‘horrorvtoday. "

Skeleton Crew is a collection. of
reprinted short stories ranging all the way
back to [909. and they're good. but they
don‘t compare any more favorably to
King‘s first collection, Night Shift. thari Pet
Semefary compared to Salems Lot. For-
tunately, King is still‘above average, and

 

 

   

  

The trouble with Penguin Dreams,
however.is that this time, something is
clearly missing. ' ‘

Not to say that Breathed isn'ff’a very fun- _

ny mam-because heist and not to imply
that he doesn't havezsomething of social
value to say with the strip. because he
does. Since it's' inception. Bloom County
has been heralded 'as this generation‘s
Dnr ' y: and if the strip's a 'little

shallower than it’s predecessor. well: so's'

the generation. But Bloom County is not
Doonesbury. r »
Alt wasn't until the publication of Penguin

keleton

King above average is worth the price of
the book. " i ‘3

The lead story, a novella called "The
Mist" is arguably the best work in the
book. It’s another one of those Evil
Technology stories. where a decidedly
strange mist sweeps into a town as a result
of -you guessed it- army testing‘of a new
weapon. Sure. the premise is old. but the
writing will keep you interested. and
characterization has always ,ben King's
strongest point.

"The Monkey" is a shorter word with a
little more "fun" wrapped up in it ..a win-_
dup toy monkey is found in the attic of a
tamily's new house. and whenever it's
cymbals bang together. someone dies. This
type of story is where King is really at his
best. turning the ridiculous horrible.

Another outstanding effort is "Cramma" '

a frightening story with of tip of the hat to,

m " ‘Fbﬁttre'turhmei ‘ rsa

 

Dreamsxhowever, that it became obvious
how much not Doonesbury it is. _
in this newest collection, the reader is
immediately struck by how ‘similar the
situations, gags, and characters all are.
‘Binkley is still hiding from his anxiety
closet, Steve' Dallas is still an overbearing
asshole, Oliver Wendell Jones is still con-
ducting experiments in his bedroom, and

_ Milo is still doing whatever Milo does,- and .

it's still pretty funny]. but it‘s also getting
boring.

 

“ ...Whatever else might be

'said about. Breathed, you
have to admit he knows
what’s going on... "

 

Of course, anyone” with a sense of pro-
portion will realize that it's a bit ridiculous

: '- to look for character growth and develop-
‘ment in a comic strip, but character

development is what made Doonesbury a
phenomenon, and unless something hap.

pens pretty soon, lack of it is what is going i

to eventually burst Breathed's socio-
economic balloon. -

Another consistent sore point is the utter
lack ‘of any female character in thestrip:
Breathed has been quoted as saying that he
has trouble seeing things from "a woman's
perspective." This is the '50's answer to
Gary Trudeau?

There are, naturally, some hilarious
moments in Penguin 'Dreams. the most
memorable being when Opus’s TV chases
him across the living room screaming "You
didn't NEED absurdly overpriced Calvin
K-lien Jeans! Or cabbage patch dolls! Or

"’

Jimmy Carter! But you bought them when
I told you to!" Whatever else might be said
about Breathed, you have to admit he
cnows what's going on.

There's also a hilarious episode at the
very beginning of the collection, in which
Opus and his neighbor, Mrs Limekiller.
land at Antartica. "You never know how
people will react 'when a boatload of
Americans land on their beach," Opus In-
forms his companion as terrified penguins
scream "Viva Reagan! Viva Weinberger!
WE DlDN'T KNOW ABOUT THE

.. CUBANS!"

For the money. Penguin Dreams is an
enjoyable collection,- not as strong as the
first two, but a good “bathroom book." as
my housemate commented. However.
unless Breathed starts taking his strip a little
more seriously, Milo Bloom will probably
be the next Charlie Brown,‘ not the next
Mike Doonesbury. '

 

vow SHOOT! VIVA m7
wvn wen .1 no
DIDN’T mow

 

 

 

 

 

has“ :backbOne

H.P. Lovecraft. I don't know about other
horror fans. but l'm always pleased when

names like Yog-Sothofh turn up in other ’

writer's stories. especially when the story is
written as well as "Gramma" is.

"Word Procesor ot the Gods" is more a
fantasy than a. horror story, but it has a cer~

fain warmth that makes it'enioyable. and .

it's always pleasant to see a King story with
a happy ending for a change (if anyone's
curious as to how l could characterize a
story about a man doing away with his
family as "warm" they'll just have to read

1 the book.)

"Cain Rosey‘Up", a short-short which
seemed a little rminiscent of "Apt Pupil"

 

'(from the Different Season‘s collectiont,
was effective. and The Raft. an intriguing
little scenario about a group of college
students trapped on a raft by a sentient
amoeba-like monster. was a lot of fun.

And then we get to "Nona". which was
the most mysterious. haunting. confusing,
and effectively frightening piece in the
book. A young drifter picks up a stunning-
ly.‘beautiful woman. who is possessed oi
some strange tendencies. King has rarely
been in better for than he is here.

Mixed bag though it is. Skeleton (*en :
still the good horror by the best hurru-r
writer alive today. Enioy rt

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

C’s Method I»

ethod to Our Madness. the third LP
M from the Lordsof. the New Church,
shod/5 a style closer to that of their

very first, very guitar-oriented album than
their second LP. Method . . . retains much
of the 'power of the LONC's debut, but it
manages to incorporate- some of the
sophistication attempted on Is Nothing

l ' Sacred?

 

Norman Kee

Lead singer Stiv Bators is in fine form.
showing a heavy lggy Pop influence, with

 

an occassional touch of Jim Morrison. He's '

in league with the best in hard rock and
punk on "Method  "Kiss of Death,"

. and “The Seducer." Stiv can also croon. as

in "When the Blood Runs Cold," showing
that when his time for Vegas comes, he
will be set. There are more back up vocals
behind Stiv this time, including females on
"The Seducer" and "Murder Style."

Guitarist Brian James lays down some of '

his best work yet. He sounds like Johnny

 

Thunders or Andy McCoy of Hanoi Rocks
on the chainsaw numbers. but other songs
show the depth of his ability. On “1 Ne\ er
Believed," his solo moves gracefully from a
psychotic grass roots sound to something
similar to .1 Mick JoneSIJoe l‘erry blend.
Along with Stiv‘s voice, Brian James" guitar
gives the LONC a distinctive. yet varied
sound. ,

Dave Tregunna and Nick Turner. bassist
and drummer, respectively, lay down .1
solid rhythm. They anchor the start and
stop beat of “S. F. and T." very well. and
produce a groove in “Murder Style" that,
along with some great horns, makes this
the LONC'S most danceable song yet. i

in general, the album has a more hard
rock sound than the LQNC's previous
work, perhaps due to the influence of their
tours with Hanoi Rocks. The album is not a
sell out; it is not lit'romania. This is perhaps
be best LONC‘ album yet, and certainly
one of the best “touglier-than-you”
rock'n'roll (whatever that is) albums of re»
cent months. l ‘]

 

 

 

