 

We'll give you time to focus on your future.

A bright future. You know it’s out there. All you need is a

little time to find it. In the Ann or Army Reserve, you’ll get that time.

Time to grow, mentally and p iysically. through new challen es
and responsibilities. Time to explore different career possibi ities.
Time to zero in on what you want to do in life. We've got over 300
different career skills to offer you. Exciting skills, right for today’s
world. Skills with a future.

And while you're learning, you can be earning money for school.

Qualify for the Army College Fund, and you can save more than

Call or send for your FREE :—
“Build a Future” Kit I

and Army I

sweatset. I

l

|

|

I

l

.w M
'\\\\ muniti. it.
’ N')

$25,000 for college with just a two‘year enlistment. With the Reserve
Education Program, qualified people can receive $4,000 for college.
Look into your future. Take a moment now to call or send for your
Army “Build a Future" Kit—complete details on Army and Army
Reserve opportunities. It's free and without obligation.
If you re looking for a great
future, the Army or Army ‘ Y I

. RESERVE
Siifégiﬁ‘“ be "me BEALLYOU CAN BE.

panama
AND SWEATSET... FREE.

I'm looking for a great future. Tell me how
the Army or Army Reserve can helpﬁme
find it. Send me my “Build a Future Kit,
along with my Army sweatset. I understand
that everything is free and without obligation.

 

NAME

 

STREET

 

CITY

 

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMIIEII'

 

l'llONF. tArca Cndcl mamunozspo
'Tti Iormation u voluntarily provrds. to include Social Securin
nugget will be ugoed tor recruiting purposes only. Your Social Security
umber will be used to analyze indivrdtial responses to this adver-
tisement. (Authority: 10‘ U 503)
For faster action. call toll-free l-i-lt‘O-USA-ARIVH
Ask for operator lot)

I'm looking for a great future. Tell me how the Army and Army
Reserve can help me ﬁnd It. Send me my “Build a Future" Kit, along
with my Army sweatset. I understand that everything is free and
without obligation. 12AlDU01025P0

Name

 

Street
City_~____~___ State“ Zip

Phone

 

(Area Code)

Social Security No. ‘
u the inlorrnatlon you volunuritgprmide, to include Social Security number will be used for recruiting purposes
onty. \bur Social Security nurn er will be used to anatyzz Individual responses to this mmsemen

(Authortt; 10 usc 503)
Call 1-800-USA-ARMY Ask for O rator100

or mail this coupon to: Army Opportunities, R0. Box 1115, Cl on, NJ 07015-9969.

 

 

 

 

A college-hound hi-ﬁ ought to be
small. it lust makes sense when you live
in close quarters and move in and out
with every turn of the academic year.
Who has room for big, extensive com-
ponents, or the time and stamina to un-
crate and hook them up anew twice (or
more) a year?

Luckily, the stereo industry is injecting
plenty of truth into the maxim about
good things in small packages. Even the
dreaded Boom Box has evolved into
some ﬁner forms, incorporating detach-
able speakers (so you get stereo separa.
tion instead of cross-hatched noise) and
removable, Walkman’size tape players
for solo soiourns.

How do you get the best, yet most
practical stereo for college living? Con-
sider these options:

III-iron W

The Walkman and its many imitators
are a stereo marvel. They're fairly inex-
pensive now, and some are barely big-
ger than the cassettes they enclose, yet
they produce quite a rich, pleasing mu-
sical experience—through headphones
only.

Along comes a way to make your
Walkman perform double duty. Driven
speakers are systems your Walkman
plugs into, featuring both a pair of good
speakers and built-in booster ampliﬁers.
When the speakers are good, like those
recently introduced by leading hi-ﬁ
manufacturers such as Bose, Sony and
Audio-Technica, the sound can be really,
really good, lacking only the lowest of
lows. Moreover, most powered speakers

 

IF MUSIC BE
THE FOOD OF LOVE...

BY W/NN L. ROSCH

Compact Stereo Alternatives Deliver Big Sound

can run on either batteries or line cur-
rent.

Powered speakers cannot improve the
sound of an inadequate tape player,
though. You need a good portable to
build on. The prime concern is for
Dolby and for a tape selector, even if
you only have your choice of normal
and metal. (Use the metal setting to play
back Type II and 11] chronic and ferric-
hrome tapes.)

if you want to go all the way, you can
add a Compact Disc player to your con-
version system. Sony now makes a rea-
sonably priced ($299) Walkman-style CD
player (model D-S) that will plug right
into anything that attaches to a normal
Walkman. Debate about CD still rages
on, but its proponents believe It's the
truest path to distortion-free, long-lived
sound.

It's easy to ﬁnd quality in a driven-
speaker system. Just listen. If it sounds
good to you, it is. Be wary, though, of
buying an unknown, unheard-of system.

MWW

Nice as they can be, the driven-
spcaker conversions and the "evolved"
boom boxes are still a compromise. You
can't put your favorite record tracks onto
tape with them, and they still don't
match component quality sound. But
regular components, given a chance, can
eat up an entire room — and more. if
you let them have their way.

A new alternative is the “midi” com-
ponent system. Midi components are es-
sentially big components with the air
space squeezed out. Now that people

Nani—m:
ll ‘-

1,“ mu- Wm" gm,

“uni ,
“a i- mu»

,1 «in?»

 

realize that concisely engineered luxury
cars are better than two-block-long land
barges, the compact quality of midis just
might catch on.

Most midis are designed after the
popular rack systems. but are about a
third smaller, lust right for bookcase or
desk. Most are built with better quality
than department store rack systems.
They are genuine components that you
can upgrade and reﬁne into the best of
all possible systems. After graduation,
they‘ll keep music in the air of your ﬁrst
apartment or townhouse.

Should you decide on a midi, there
are several features that you should look
for to guarantee your future listening
pleasure.

In tape, you'll need a Dolby, and two
are better than one. If you want the best,
you need Dolby C (and all but the
cheapest components now have the bet-
ter Dolby). Older Dolby B (or just plain
Dolby) insures compatibility with most
pre-recorded tapes and your portable or
car stereo.

Unless you‘re absolutely loyal to one
brand of tape, you'll need a tape or
equalization selector with at least two
choices for playback, four for recording
(alternately, two equalization settings
and two bias settings).

In phonographs, most considerations
are merely matters of styling. Although.
tangential or "linear" tracking tone arms
may look more high tech than old-
fashloned pivoting or swinging arm de-
signs, performance differences won't be
signiﬁcant. However, the linear trackers
that act like clamshells, for instance the
Teclinics SL-JS, which lower their tone

 

arms only when you close the lid, may
be the best choice for your studying
room for another reason — they keep
the tone arm and cartridge our of harm's
way, preserving both your stylus and
your records throughout many a
weekend‘s revelry, wine, and beer.

More important is the choice of car
tridge mounting. You'll likely have a
choice between P-mount, which is a no-
fuss system recently introduced by
Panasonic, and regular.

P-mount guarantees a match with any
P-mount canridge. It has fewer things to
go wrong or be abused or misadjusted
—and that makes it a better choice for
your dorm room. The two top-selling
lines, Audio Technica and Shure, have a
line of P-mount cartridges that come
with universal mounting adapters so that
they will ﬁt any tone arm.

If you get a radio, that's okay. Don't
worry about all the differences you're
supposed to hear. just get what matches
your style—digital or dial tuning. A red
stereo light may brighten your day, but
you're better off worrying about turnta-
ble and tape quality.

Bose driven speaker
system (above)
Includes handy desk
mount clamps.
Pioneer's cK-wso
(loft). with detachable
speakers, three-band
radio and dual metal
cassette cap-city,
exemplifies today's
“evolved” portable
stereos.

 

 

 

 

