 

 

 

MULTIPLE CHOICE

 

 

 

0‘!-

IfDoug Flutie‘s star has been slow to rise
in the USFL, it‘s still shining brightly at
his alma mater, Boston College. School
ofﬁcials estimate that Flutie’s football
exploits produced $3.7 million in television
revenues. More stunning, BC's freshman
applications, which usually level off at
about 12,500, have reached 16,200 (for
2,000 places) for the class of 1989. Au-
thorities give Flutie much of the credit.

The number of visitors to the campus is
averaging about 700 a week, and blue-chip
athletes front high schools that never paid
much heed to BC‘s recruiters are now lining
up to sign letters of intent. “The exposure
Doug and the other players have given us
is undeniable,“ says admissions director
Charles Nolan. "The declining number of

‘ \, _
803:9? COLLEGE

v, .41.

The local hero on parade with BC hand: But could he make th team next year?

Flutie Passes the Bucks to Alma Mater

college-bound high-school seniors may be
giving other colleges and universities reason
to worry, but at BC we’re more concerned
about crowd control."

The Flutie phenomenon advertised Bos-
ton College in a way that the school could
never have done commercially, according
to Nolan: “It's been a storybook script that
not even the most exciting of writers could
have dreamed up." Things are so good,
adds Jack Bicknell, the head football
coach, that if Doug Flutie had applied to
Boston College this year the story might
well have had a different ending: "With
four ﬁrst-rate quarterbacks coming in to
battle the four who are returning, Flutie
probably would not have been offered a
scholarship.“

Become a Biz Wiz

If you want to land a prestigious manage-
mentjob but you haven‘t yet mastered the
business buzzwords, you could be asking for
some “ding letters"—rejection notices from
companies that hire recent graduates for
executive-training programs. To help you
sprint onto that fast track, however, there’s
a glossary of managerial lingo, plus lots
of insightful advice, in two new guide-
books: “Inside Management Training"
(383 pages. Plume. $8.95) by Marian L.
Salzman with Deidre A. Sullivan, and
“Money Jobs!" (256 pages. Crown Publish-
ers, Inc. $7. 95) by Marti Prashker and
Si Peter Valiunas. “I‘m still convinced I
lost one prime job because I didn‘t know
what an M&A [merger and acquisition]
was,“ says author Prashker, who did even-
tually learn enough to get into a program
at Bank of America, where she‘s now a
corporate ﬁnance officer.

Both guides offer detailed di ectories, as
well as salary ranges and helpful interview
tips. "Money Jobs!“ concentrates on banks,
brokerage houses and other ﬁnancial ﬁrms,
while "Inside Management Training" cov-
ers a variety ofindustries. The authors note

that programs are highly competitive but
salaries can reach as high as $60,000 a
year. And increasingly, these earn-while-
you-learn positions are seen as hot-ticket
alternatives to an M.B.A. degree. “Having
been an executive trainee,“ says Salzman,
“you've already worn the label ‘winner‘."

 

 

 

Work Them Harder

Yet another blue-ribbon panel has exam-
ined how colleges prepare schoolteachers~
and graded them poorly. Calling recent
criticism of teacher education “valid,” the
National Commission for Excellence in
Teacher Education recommended, among
other things, that colleges toughen admis-
sions standards and strengthen curriculum
requirements for those studying to be teach-
ers. “We are calling for teacher-education
programs to be made harder,“ said C. Peter

 

Magrath, president of the University of
Missouri and commission chairman. The
l7-person group advocated more rigorous
academic preparation, includingstrong, co-
hesive liberal-arts study, a major in at least
one noneducation subject and signiﬁcant
pedagogical training. In fact, nine members
of the panel expressed concern that the
report didn‘t go far enough. The usual four-
year baccalaureate program, they said, was
insufficient to meet proper teacher stand-
ards, and they suggested that a ﬁve-year
course of study may be necessary.

 

Resolved: Debate Can Be Entertaining

College debates usually feature polished
speakers delivering well-rehearsed state-
ments on serious topics. Enter the “parlia-
mentary debate,“ which might shock even
the House of Commons. These are extem-
poraneous contests in which nimbleness of
mind, tongue and sometimes of body are
critical; humor and imagination also help.
Formally organized in the United States
in 1981 and most popular in the
Northeast, the parliamentary-de-
bate circuit is now spreading na-
tionally. Eighty-seven teams from
28 schools took part in a recent
competition at Princeton, arguing
such topics as "Resolved: You
Don‘t Tug on Superman's Cape."
Explains debater Sharon Scott Ze-
zima of Smith College, “You're
trying to sway a judge with your
style and with your delivery, as
well as your content."

Parliamentary debates feature
two-person teams and quirky res-
olutions—taken from a popular
song, for example, or perhaps a
slightly twisted brain—that are
announced shortly before the
match. At a recent Princeton-
Brown debate, the resolution
was: “I‘m about to lose control
and I think I like it,“ as in the
song "I'm So Excited." Brown's
team, representing the “govern-
ment," chose to interpret that to mean
arms control and built a case for the much-
overlooked delights of nuclear war. If nu-
clear winter arrives, Brown argued, it
would simply mean year-round opportuni-
ties for winter sports. Princeton, the “loyal
opposition," countered, in the same debo-
nair spirit, that small nuclear attacks were

Harvard debater using body English: Anything goes

preferable to a holocaust: nuclear wars are
something to be savored, and we must en-
sure that there is a next generation left to
ﬁght them. (No one won, since it was an
exhibition round.)

An added attraction is heckling, also in-
spired by the British parliamentary model.
In the ﬁnal rounds, a debater may be zapped
by a verbal dart—not just from opponents

but from members of the audience as well.
Winning requires resourcefulness and pow-
ers of repartee worthy of a stand-up comic.
Says Smith's Zezima: “If someone heckles
and you don‘t take it well, they'll heckle
more and you'll look worse.“ It‘s especially
disconcerting when debaters are heckled. as
they sometimes are, by thejudge.

RICK FRIEDMAN—SLACK sun

 

can also lead to jobs in Japan.

 

Fair Trade With Japan

When Allen Miner went to Japan in 1983, he covered
ground most tourists never see. At one point the Brigham
Young senior was required to assume the lotus position for
meditation in a Buddhist temple outside Kyoto, his ears
ringing with mosquitoes. while a priest scolded him for
every twitch. That introduction to Zen was only par for the
course ofthe Japan-America Student Conference, an inter-
national exchange program fottnded 51 years ago to pro-
mote peace through discussion and debate. The monthlong
summer sessions (which were suspended during World
War II) alternate between the two countries, bringing 80 or
so students to meet with government ofﬁcials and business-
men as well as their peers. “Arguments about trade and
women‘s rights got pretty hot." recalls Miner. The confer-
ences are funded by private and corporate sponsors and
organized by a student committee headquartered in Wash-
ington, D.C. Former participants say the program not only
looks good on a resume and starts lasting friendships but

3%
NEE

Paar:

International students in ll’oshington: Peace throng/I discussion and debut:

 

H

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/APRIL I‘V-

 

Perking Up the Coffee Market

Coffee has traditionally been as much a part of campus life as cramming, and
caffeine-fueled all—nighters are still an integral part of college education. But
market research indicates that fewer and fewer students are turning to coffee in
less-pressured moments—after dinner or during leisure hours. That worries
coffee producers a lot, since people tend to develop the taste in their late teens and
early 205 or never at all. “The college student is our industry‘s future market,"
explains Mike Levin, national director of the Coffee Development Group. “We

need to make them aware now.‘

To perk up interest in coffee, the CDC is helping schools across the country set
up European-style coffeehouses, supplying everything from grinders to fancy
espresso/cappuccino machines for nominal fees and even training the staffin the
proper brewing techniques. All the school must do is accept its coffee beans from a
CDG-authorized source. So far, 30 campuses (with ﬁve more pending) have
established coffeehouses featuring such specialty brews as Colombian Supremo,
Mocha Mint and Kenya AA. Princeton University's “Chancellor Green Cafe“
recently opened to the strains of a l7-piecc jazz ensemble that helped attract a
crowd of 600. Not all who ﬁltered in were instantly converted, however. “I‘m
really enjoying the band," said one student. “I myselfdidn‘t have any coffee. I‘m

more ofa tea drinker.“

AACQUiS M CHLHIivﬂt-sniu

 

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/APRIL WES

 

 

 

