 
  

 

 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D TUESDAY, FEBRUARYS, I985

 

Jean Paul Coil-lures, one of the boot
.in the country — Doc. '61 '

As seen In ,- .
The beginning oi a trend In facials - Oct. '0‘

MADEMOISELLE:

 

MFISSHGES
FﬁCIﬁLS
MﬁNlCURES
PEDICURES
MﬁKEOVERS
WEXING
TﬁNNIHG
WiGS
FOIL FROSTING
(our specialty)

142 State st Albany NV12207 “"9 ﬁll- ﬁSPECTS
(aw 463-6391 . me; mm; OF HER can:
10% discount with sum in

(JEAN DAUL COIFFURES 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. ﬂ

I‘ Beachcomber Tours
RESENTS ITS 16TH ANNUAL

 

 

Composition i
for

International Graduate Students

A NON-CREDIT COURSE FOR IMPROVING
ENGLISH WRITING SKILLS WILL BE OFFERED
v DURING SPRING SEMESTER
COURSE INCLUDES TUTORIAL.
OFFERED BY THE

 

 

Intensive English Language
Program

FOR MORE INFORMATION
ON SCHEDULE AND FEES
CALL 457-5072 OR
COME TO EDUCATION “9

You arer‘in‘Vited.
to give testimony at a

PUBLIC HEARING

Regarding the
IMPACT OF A
21 YEAR. OLD
DRINKING
'AGE

Thursday, February 7, 1985 ‘
Campus Center Assembly Hall

12:30 PM — 2:00 PM

Speakers may be limited to a 5 minute
~ presentation and are encouraged to
submit their comments in writing.

For more information call

the Campus life Office at 457-5115
Sponsored by the Student Affairs Division:

Impact of 21 Committee

 

 

 

 

College
Spring Break
‘85 in
Daytona Beach

or
Ft. Lauderdale

COMPLETE TOURS FROM:

$23100"

“PRICES INCLUDE ALL TAXES AND SERVICE CHARGES"
$5.00 DEPOSIT REQUIRED — LIMITED SPACE AVAILABLE

CONTACT:  4 5  .

Beachcomber Tours. Inc.
I325 MILLERSPORT HGWY.
WILLIAMSVILLE, NY V1221

(716) 632 3723

 

 

 

General Interest

Meeting.

 

The

Albany
Review

Thursday
February 7th

Commuter Lounge

S.A. Funded

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i9 and 20_‘year olds who spend their weekends at the
bars mgy have to‘ start thinking about other things to do

. as the 21 year old drinking age bill hasonce againbeen in-
. troduced in the Senate. '

The bill, introducedby. Senator. Frank Padgran (R,

‘ Queens) has sparked. Student Action Committee to begin

I ‘ extensive. lobbying in an effort to prevent 921.”

“7 'or’cék'caunc'ir tv‘zti‘iéééﬁéaf‘ 

Last year the} proposed bill was tabled and delayed

A ‘ ‘21 .is a Simple- solution to a-

complex problem. Governor
0101110 1135 twisted facts and
tamed it into'a simple issue-
It ’s‘not. "’ ' ,
—Steve Gawley

 

several months before it was finally voted down. The bill

has not yet been introduced in the Assembly this your.

Student Action Committee’s lobbying strategy will
consist of small groups of students meeting with senators,
according to chair Steve Gawley. 38 such meetings are
planned and the Albany campus will be the main force
behind SASU’s statewide effort to inﬂuence legislators,
he said. “As an estimate. we may see it come to a head as
early as March," Gawley predicted. ,

SA is also planning letter writing campaigns and peti-
tions against 21, said Gawley. '

“2i will not work. will creat more problems, and will

By Peter_Sands » 3‘
Breaking the world’s record for musical chairs was one

of the many ways of getting campus fraternities and”
- sororities togetherthatwas discussed at a groundbreakx

ing meeting held last Friday..but no decision onformi‘nga

Nine out of fourteen campus fraternities anti sororiti
were representedat the'me‘eting. “only four or five we

missin‘g.".~said>.Patty,Salkin', Director of Student Pr'o-"‘

gramming for the Student Association. 

. Response to the ideafrom fraternity members was
mostly positive. although-Tactile concerns were raiSed.
"l‘m very happy about the meeting." said Rachel Bryant,

president of Psi Gamma sorority.
' Michael Lo‘oney,'Vice President of Kappa Sigma Alpha_’

echoed Bryant, saying,,“l myself liked it alot,” adding
“Unification will help students who. want tojoin‘.” One

.‘of the purposes of the group. would be make the wide

variety of fiaternities and sororities more apparent to
prospective members. ‘ ‘

Many members of existing fraternities were concerned
with the possibility of overregulation. however “i am not
all for it. [a Greek Council.]:lf members of fraternities
and sororities want to get together, that's a great idea.
But i would rather see open meetings than a centralized
group with three or four elected leaders. It will make it
too restrictive. especially with national frats competing

against local frats,” saidAlpha Kappa Epsilon President ,1}

Steve Lyons. .

Concern with overregulation‘was also expressed'by SA’ I '
President Rich Schaffe'r. “We harlé no intention of trying“ 

to take over this thing.- SA will serve in an advisory
capacity," he said”

. SA is not interested in governing any inter-fraternity
council. according to Patty'Saikin, who added, “SA will

. be working‘with fraternities and sororities on campus, _
v andihelping them to program events."

‘ Jessica Casey, of the'Dfl’icc of Campus Life, agreed,
cx‘plaining, "i don't think anyone's interested in being
very‘restrictive." As long as fraternities comply with anti»

. discrimination policies on campus. they will be allowed to

retain their charters. according to Casey. “We want to
make sure everything is done according to the best in-
tcrcsts of everyone." she added.

_1n the mid-70's, SUNY Central banned fraternities af~
filiuted with nationul‘organizntions from SUNY.cam«
puses for failure to comply with anti-discrimination rules.
The decision was recently reversed, causing a surge of
fraternities to spring up on campus. "1 recognized three
more last week,” said Schuf fer. University rules for the
granting of provisional charters are currently being
reviewed, and another meeting will-,be held in two weeks
to review the proposed rule-changer, according to Salkin.

Doing away with some of the problems ,in getting
recognized could be beneficial to "fraternities and

~

    
   

cost too much money. 2| is a simple solution to a complex
problem. Governor Cuomo has twisted facts and turned
it into a simple issue. It's not," Gawley contended.

The Department of Motor Vehicles now has full year
statistics on drinking and driving fatalities and’according

to Larry Hartman of Student Action Committee,. “The

stats will show. we anticipate. that 19 has not been the
main factor in the reductionof accidents and fatalities.
This could" be an embarrassment for the governor. He
probably won't let the DMV release the information."

_ Gawley added that proponents of 2! have failed to see

' the impact of reform upon a decrease in alcohol related

accidents from 1980 to 1983; These reforms include
limited plea bargaining and substantially increased fines
for convicted drunk drivers, he reported.

Emphasizing the importance of education. he asserted
that "the positive effects of education can be increased
without a rise in the drinking age."

in addition to Student Action Committee's efforts at

, maintaining the 19 year old drinking age, SA is working

on other programs related to.drunk driving such as the
Designated Driver Program. Many area bars are par-
ticipating in the program where one person will declare
themselves the designated driver and would receive free
softdrinks all night. ‘

The SUNYA Rathskeller is one bar taking part in the
program. “We’ve ivorked closely with SA on this." said
Rat manager Jay McClure.

SA will be working' with a program centered in Wiscon—
sin called thc “l’m Driving Club," similar to the
Designated‘Driver Program. To avoid possible abuse of
the system, many bars will be first experimenting with the
program'bcfore permanently implementing it. according
to Gawley. “'Now we. have a system set up that will
work,” said Gawlcy. “Our local legislators support it and
the sheriffs department has been a great' help. we have

built asolid-network.” -

Greek groups concur on-cooperation ,

_ sororities. “i think it's a‘g’ood idea because it‘will cut

down on the paper work, said Sempcr Fidelis President
Lance Vettcr. “There are‘too many bureaucratic tangles

tosthe present sy‘stem.'!rVett'ersaid. .
.' riflelping. fraterniticsmrog'ram events and advising them

will1 be SA’s major concern according tdelkin. Many

‘Hfraternity members expressed the desire to govern

"themselves. andv“show the school we're not going to
make a holy ruckus on campus," according to Marc
Breier. president of Pi Lambda Phi.‘

' “No one will be treated any differéntly than any other ‘

group by SA," said Schat‘fer, adding that a council would
help to eliminate the simultaneous programming of

events. 'a‘nd.‘also aid in technical matters like finding:

meeting places and activities to be sponsored. “SA wants
frats to determine their own guidelines." said Vice-
President Suzy Aulctta. . ,

Many members of the frets said they‘ want to see
cooperation among the fraternities in sponsoring large
events. Communication and cooperation was stressed at
the meeting. reported Scott Weiskopf, public relations

Ci

director for Zeta Beta Tau. '

 

 

 

DAVI IIMO UPS

Programming Director Pally Solidi!
"SA will he . . . helping thorn to program events"

 i'ntrodue‘éd”in'statesenate,

H By D'avldgworthelm‘ '

TUESDA Y. FEBRUAR Y 5, 1985 El AVLBAN Y STUDENT'PRESS- 

    

 

 

. ~ ‘aoa HANSMANN UPS
AAS Department Chair Vivian Gordon

Dept. revamp centers
on Afrocentric theme

By Ken Dornbaum
STAN" WRITER

With an Afroccntric theme in mind, plans are under-
way to revamp the curriculum of the African and
American Studies department, according to depart-
ment chair Vivian Gordon.

A number of courses have been dropped and many
others will be updated, said Gordon. Among the drop-
ped courses is one title. "Affirmative Action." This
subject will be put into perspective by the classes
"Blacks and the Law," and “A History of Civil
Rights." she reported.

MorcoVer, other classes will be made more contem-
porary. ” ‘The Black Family' has been transformed in-
to ‘Pattcrns'i of Family Life' since there is no one type
of Black, Family, but many different types," said
Gordon. ‘ .

One of the aims of these changes is to attract all
students of quality, both black and n’on‘black. “We
want all quality-students," Gordon said. “lfwe con-
clude that a significant number of students want a
broad-based. liberal arts program, and that we are br-
inging the department into a more contemporary
mode, then our enrollment will increase." she
rexplained. \

Gordon defended the progiam from thoso who try to

 

 

’ invalidate its importance saying, “What can you do

with a BA concentrating on Chaucer?...You can do
anything with Black Studies just like any other liberal
art-~read, write. 'analyze. plus you have extra

‘ '1nformation.“

She also said that the corporate structure is
acknowledging the signiﬁcance of A erican “co-
cultures," giving an extra advantage to a lack Studies
student. ‘

Gordon said she feels that “a racist statement is ask-
ing what you can do with a degree in Afro-American
studies. Many don't consider it a discipline. Because
this is a relatively new discipline- about 20 years old. it
is viewed as suspect by the traditional disciplines. Black
studies is- emerging and deﬁning itself within ‘a
sophisticated structure." ‘

One of her major concerns. she said, is to increase
the number of grad students who have a particular in-
terest in research of “Afro-centric" concerns.

We're hoping'that as faculty lines are distributed.
we‘ll be able to make at least two additions and that by
next year we’ll have major research projects in the
works." Gordon said. “We're expecting to double the

' number of quality grad students who will enhance the
, . program and tlheffacultyﬁ,‘ she added. '

This 'wouid alleviate the’curre‘nt overload on faculty
teaching large classes. Gordon explained, adding there
is not enough teaching assistant (TA) backup for AAS
professors.

Gordon spoke optimistically of new courses plann-
ed. including one on Black Mythology and another on
Black art, dance. psychology, and music all taught
from an Afroccntric view. “These classes will help
complete the offerings of the department." she said.

Among future projects planned is an annual con-
ference to be scheduled for either late Spring or next
fall semester that will identify the type of empirical
research that could emerge from BS programs be of
value to the legislative process. Gordon said.

Also being planned is a symposium by William
Strickland of Harvard University to be held on
February 25. Strickland will present his paper, “Mar-
ling Ltttlter King and the Crisis of American Society.”
However. due to a luck of funds.- Oordon said. no
other mgior speakers will be presented.  

 

 

