 

 

Spain’s one of the
few places where
you can afford

to live not like a
student.

“ I've been three times, and I‘d go
as often as I could. It‘s amazing, the
level of sophistication and chic you
can afford to experience. . . from
Madrid to Barcelona to Marbclla.
'Ihe shopping is fabulous—the
boutiques are ﬁlled with bargains.
It'sjust easy. relaxing. l‘un~loving. ..
and l love it.”
—Rohin D'A/essumlm

New York, N. l’.

Spain. Everythlng under the

sun. Fur lull inliinnalion. Just

call toll-free l-Ktll-JJI-I'ISO _
[Opcnillil 222). ()r me your c 

travel agent.
Spain. It’s all Europe
In a smgle country.

 

LETTERS

Conservative Students

Your cover story on conservative stu-
dents (NA'rIONAL AFFAIRS) was a chilling
portrayal of the current university scene.
The prevailing attitude ofsmug complacen-
cy equates success with morality, wealth
with happiness and the lack of an American
shooting war with world peace. This Yup-
pie paradise cannot last forever, and I want
to be around for the reaction when the

BMW-and-condo bubble bursts.
JAMES A. DUNLAP III
University of South Carolina
Columbia, S.C.

“The Conservative Student" is unfair
to the philosophy of conservatism in the
broader sense. To equate the New Material-
ism with conservatism is an insult to true
conservatives who oppose abortion and
support a strong defense against the Soviet
Union. Many of your so-called conservative
students who voted for President Reagan
would never take up arms for the nation.
I voted for Reagan out of principle, not
selﬁshness.

JOHN CHIU

 

 

University of Chicago
Chicago, Ill.

It is a sadly ironic sign of the times that
the conservative cause ﬁnds its strongest
support on college campuses when Presi-
dent Reagan seems determined to weaken
higher education by restricting student aid
and reducing tax deductions for gifts to
educational institutions. It‘s another exam-
ple of this administration’s uncanny ability
to elicit support through blind patriotism
rather than reasoning.

JOHN J. GARDINER
University of Vermont
Burlington, Vt.

Your story was on target in depicting
students as materialistic, but way olf in
trying to attribute some philosophy, politi-
cal or otherwise, to this phenomenon. Stu-
dents today are trend followers, not trend
setters.

RUSTY CARTMILL
University ofGeorgia
Athens, Ga.

Let us see how patriotic the “conserva-
tive students“ are when Reagan sends them
to ﬁght a senseless war in Central America.
They‘ll be squealing like stuck pigs.

MARION SHANNON
Northridge, Calif.

Your deeply troubling survey of the
American campus mood conﬁrmed my
worst fears: selﬁshness, me/us-versus-
them Inentalitics and a zealous ﬂocking to
easy, absolutist religious platitudes. Rather
than accepting the challenge of dealing
with the real world ofoverpopulation, pov-

 

 

erty, runaway militarism and technology
that is transforming our lives, it appears
that our generation has chosen instead the
materialistic complacency of Yuppie con-
sumerism and religiously inspired myopia.
ANDREW C. POLLARI)

State University of New York

Buffalo, NY.

Why do you identify ﬁtness, good clothes
and an up-to-date image with reactionary
political views? I study engineering, dress as
stylishly as money permits and uphold fem-
inist, paciﬁst and liberal ideals. If only all
students realized that being selﬂess and hu-
manitarian doesn’t force them to fade their
jeans and grow long hair, maybe the ‘605
would be left to rest in peace.

DAVID L. BONNER
University of Wisconsin
Madison, Wis.

It is ironic that so many conservative.

student groups wave ﬂags in celebration of
the American way. Indeed, these students
should not be labeled “conservative” at all.
True conservatives want to conserve the
traditional ideals of America: opportunity,
equality and justice for all, together with
compassion for the less fortunate. On the
other hand, the only thing “Reagan Youth"
seem to want to conserve is their own ﬁnan-
cial well-being.
PETER M. MOORE
Boston University
Boston, Mass.

Your article accurately depicts the cur-
rent values of most Students in the United
States today. However, there are still those
among us who, because of our moral com-
mitment to a pervasive good in the world,
are determined to look beyond pragmatism
and shape our lives according to broad-
minded liberal values so essential for ration-
al decision making. I ﬁnd it disturbing that
the present conservative tide is moving to-
ward a value system measured in terms of
one’s degree of afﬂuence.

ROI) DANIEL
University of Montana
Missoula, Mom.

I demand the immediate release of the
penguin known as Opus from your captiv-
ity. Holding Opus hostage and forcing him
to pose for your March ’85 cover as a lead-in
for your article on “The Conservative Stu-
dent“ was disgusting and misleading. Steve

Dallas should have been the obvious choice ,

for your cover, but ofcourse you'd have had
to pay himl

MAR’I‘Y TAKIMO'I'O

University of California

Berkeley, Calif. 

As one ofthe few liberals left on campUs,
I‘ve found increasing ignorance and apathy
concerning any sort of politics among my

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY I935

 

 

 

 

 

peers. Most of the people I talked to voted
for Reagan, but few could identify his posi-
tion on any of the relevant issues. Most of
them did not know who either Jesse Helms

’or Jerry Falwell was, and some could not

even name the vice president of the United

States. However, all of them jumped on the

“Ronnie Bandwagon.” I ﬁnd that as a gen-

eration, we tend to be self-serving, money-

oriented, naive and lacking in conviction
and spirit. I am ashamed.

JILL COURTS

Ohio State University

Columbus, Ohio

The Suicide Pill
Jason Salzman posits that the suicide
pill would “demonstrate to the Soviet
Union that people in the United States are
absolutely serious about preventing nucle-
ar war” (MY TURN). What the suicide pill
would actually alert the Soviet Union to is
the fact that they can strike with no fear of
retaliation. Personally, I’d rather face the
horror of a protracted death from radi-
ation poisoning than face the horror of
watching my friends systematically put

themselves to death.
SAM E. KINNEY Jr.
Dartmouth College
Hanover, NH.

Congratulations to Jason Salzman for
having the intelligence and insight to see the
nuclear-war issue for what it is and for
having the guts to talk publicly about it by
suggesting thesuicide-pill option. As a mid-
dle-aged woman who has returned to col-
lege, I am appalled at the ignorance and
apathy of the conservative majority on col-
lege campuses today and say bravo for any-
one who dares to voice a knowledgeable but
different opinion. There is much more at
stake in our world than a "good job after
graduation,"anditistime wepullourheads
out of the sand, face the issues and start
working for peace.

ANN CLARK
Camillus. N.Y.

Once universities begin to “stockpile sui-
cide pills," as suggested by Mr. Salzman
and Brown students, what is to prevent
other institutions and organizations from
doing likewise? This would not only create a
high degree of availability but would be a
hugely regrettable mistake, and one that
unfortunately would only be realized as
such after the fact.

DAWN ROBERSON
University of Kansas
Lawrence, Kans.

 

Letters to the Editor, with the writer‘s
name and address and daytime telephone
number, should be sent to: Letters Editor,
Newsweek On Cam us, 444 Madison
Avenue, New York, .V. 10022. Letters
may be edited for reasons ofspnce and clarity.

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY I‘lllS

 

 

 

Beginning in the September 1985 issue of
Newsweek On Campus, The American
Express® Real Life Planner will tackle
some of the myths about life after college.
You will find reliable information on getting
started in your first job, networking, office
politics, managing your money, investing,
and continuing your education.

Look for the introductory installment of The
American Express Real Life Planner in
this issue. Don’t miss it.

 

 

 

