eter Bogdanovich sits in the library
Pof his sumptuous Bel Air digs. A

45-year-old ﬁlmmaker who won in-
stant acclaitn in l!l7l for The Lox! Picture
Show. Bogdannvich re-lights his cigar attd
reveals why. after four years of not ﬁlmv
ing. be those a project called Mask.

“It's a very touching. true story." says
Bogdanovich. “which deals with some
simple things that are very important to
me — otttside appearances. courage. love
and death. Particularly outside appear-
attces. because I think that one of the
biggest problems we‘ve got in society is
the way tltat people judge things front
external evidence.

“It's a theme." the director continttes.
“that runs thtough a lot of my work.

30 days — without acquiring any as-

sc '. l‘hink you could do it? bet you
wouldn‘t mind trying. 'I'hat‘s the infalli-
ble premise of Walter Hill's new comedy.
lin'unirr't .\llllftllt.\. which stars Richard
Pryor autl John Candy.

Actually. the word “new‘ should prob-
ably be pttt Ill quotation lnarks. llretutleri
Ali/limo has been filmed six times before.
under different titles. the ﬁrst a silent
version which starred Ii‘alty Arbuckle in
If)”. Script for the current version came
front the writing team responsible for
the Iiddn- Murphy smash 'Iimlmg Plates.
l'inunhy Harris and IIt'l‘St’IIt‘I Weingrotl.

llow (luvs such all oft-told tale keep its
to ‘1’!“ \Hn'lIuMAUAIJNt.

Imagine trying to spend $30 million in

Peter _
Bogdanowch
Aims for the Heart

Saint jack [the titular character in Bog-
danovich's ninth feature ﬁltn]. for exam-
pie. is a pimp. yet he does something
noble that even a President wouldn‘t do.
They All Laughed is all about appearances.
as are Daisy Miller and Paper Moon. So
l\r’l(L\I( goes right to the heart of a lot of
things that interest me."

Bogdanovich is also linked to the
theme of appearances by his tragic love
affair with former Playboy Playmate of
the Year. Dorothy Strattcn. In fact. the
main reason that the director has not
tnade a film since They All Laughed (which
co-starred Stratten in 1980). is that he‘s
spent the better part of the last four
years writing The Killing of the Unicorn:
Dorothy Strollen ((9604980).

“If you read the book you'll see that
Mask has an element that even relates to
Dorothy's story." says Bogdanovich. "She
was fascinated by The Elephant Man — the
play -— because she identiﬁed with hitn.
You see. in many ways. beauty is just as
much a barrier to cotnmunication as ug-
liness is. And so is notoriety. and so is
celebrity. and so is fame and so is money,"

Asked what he thought of Star 80, the
Ilob Fosse ﬁlm loosely based on Stratten's
life, llogdanovieh raises the pitch of his
voice: "Star 80 is badly made and has

Walter
Hill
Aims for Laughter

perennial appeal? Director Walter Hill.
best known for his gangland films like 48
HRS. and Shwtt of Fire. describes Breto-
m-ri Millimn as “an attempt to plug into
that universal fantasy of getting rich
quick. whiclt of course, like tuost things.
is never quite that simple. It's probably
been around so long." says Hi“. “because
there's something really fascinating
about the notion of falling into sudden
wealth due to some long lost relative.‘I

'l‘hen, too. as Hill notes. “What's kind
of nifty about the whole situation is that
you have to spend a lot of money Ill
order to get really rich."

What's really rich? All previous ver-
sions of the film found Monty Ilrewster

nothing whatsoever to do with what
happened."

Bogdanovich is equally candid in as-
sessing his own body of work. "There
are two pictures that I think are poorly
executed — for a variety of reasons —
and those are Al Long Lost Love and
N irkelodeon. ”

He expresses affection for The Lari Pic-
ture Show, Whatft Up Doc?. Paper Moon and
Dairy Miller. but Bogdanovich feels that
Saintjaclt and They All Lang/tad are prob.
ably his two best ﬁlms. "Saint jack and
They All Laughed were also more ambi-
tious than the others." says the director.
"as well as being somewhat more compli—
cated and difficult to make."

In terms of difﬁculty and complica-
timts. Bogdanovich ranks Mask right up
there at the top of his list. “Getting the
makeup right was a real challenge —
especially in color — so we (lid ten or
twelve tests and it underwent many
many changes because we wanted the
boy's face to look just like the real
character‘s face. And you know what?
When the real boy‘s mother came on
the set and saw Eric [Stoltz] she said:
‘He looks like Rocky. but even more
important, he acts like Rocky‘ — which
was really quite something.“ I

having to squander $1 million in 30 days.
In Hill's remake. Brewster (Richard
Pryor) has to spend $30 million in the
same period of titne in order to inherit
$300 million. Times (and inflation rates)
have changed. Moreover. as Hill tells it.
the real tough part of Monty Brewster's
task is that “spending $30 million in 30
days and not having any assets to show
for it. is actually a very difﬁcult task.“
[frontiers Adi/lions is Walter Hill‘s eighth
directorial effort. What tnade hint decide
to embark on his first full-fledged com-
edy? "'I'he producers of this picture
knew that I was anxious to do comedy as
well as action ﬁlms. But since I got
started as an action director. I never

 

Walter H ill

really had been offered the chance to
direct a comedy. Then, because 48 HRS.
was such a mix of comedy and action —-
and since it was successful —- I got the
chance to do Brewster.

"My ideal state" Hill enthuses. “would
be to do an action picture and then a
comedy, and for every other action pic-
ture. a western. But, as Brewster ﬁnds
out. nothing‘s ever really that simple."

Brewster is played by the inimitable
Richard Pryor. “The problem I had

_ ong before he dove headlong into
2 nerds attd (ZIA intrigue, Jeff

Kanew had a succ "sful career with
his own Hollywood busine. . He created
trailers, those brief but mightin impor-
tant “previews of coming attractions"
shown in theatres before the main fea-
ture. Now he's one of Hollywood's cur-
rent in-demaud directors, with a solid hit
in Rt'tll'ltgl.‘ of the let antl a potentially
strong follow-up called Gotcha. written by
Dan (lordon and Stew-n Kronish. slated
lor a mid-May release.

working with Pryor.” says Hill. "was that
at ﬁrst I was probably a little too much in
awe of him. because to tne Richard Pryor
is just an amazing talent.

"What Richard is in this movie is not
so much a comedian. but that rarest of
things — what used to be referred to as a
‘light leading man.‘ There are very few
of those around."

In addition to Pryor, who plays a relief
pitcher for a minor league baseball team
in Hackensack. NewJerseyI Brewster'th'l-
limit. which opens in May. also features
John Candy, who portrays Brewster's best
buddy.

Brewsterl' Milliom' budget is the largest
Hill has ever worked with. In order to
convey the needed opulence. production
designer john Vallone built a number of
lavish sets on big sound stages. These
sets included an elaborate French Pro-
vincial design for the hotel suite that

Kanew
Horizons

Pryor rents for $1 million a month. Later
in the shooting. this set was redesigned
(according to the script's requirements)
to a florid Italian Renaissance night-
mare (complete with working water foun-
tain). to a vivid post-modern environ-
ment (which included tables resting on
bowling ball legs) and ﬁnally to 'a stark
Bauhaus look.

In view of all the ﬁne talent and pro-
duction values that Brewsterl Millions has
going for it, does Hill anticipate a major
hit? “One of the most difﬁcult things in
the world," says Hill, “is to ﬁgure out
what somebody‘s going to want to see a
year from now.

“But look, if you add up all the movies
that I've been creatively involved with —
what they cost and what they made — I‘m
way ahead. And in this business, that's
more than anyone can really expect. So all
I can say is that I‘ve been pretty lucky."

Nerds, Gotcha Director Started Small

At I7 Kanew scored a part-time job in
the trailer department of United Artists.
He had dreams of being a rock ‘n‘ roll
star. but discovered instead a promising
future in his unexpected talent for pro-
moting full-length movies with three-
minute reels.

He soon formed his own outﬁt. Utopia
Productions. and created trailers for
such ﬁlms as The Graduate. Midnight Cow-
boy, Rocky and a number of Woody Allen's
movies.

In the simplest sense. a trailer must
compress the maximmn ofaction and mood
into a very stnall space. Making trailers
educated Kanew on several of filmmak-
ing's finer points. In short order. the
urge to rock and roll took a back seat to
Kanew's growing desire to direct movies.

In 197] he directed Bloch Rodeo. a
highly-praised featuredengtb documen-
tary about a Harlem rodeo. Six years
later he sold Utopia to finance Natural
linmnim. which he also wrote and di-

rected. It was a thoroughly downbeat
story about a disillusioned man who kills
his own fartiin then turns his gun on
himself. “It was the saddest film ever
made," Kanew says.

When that attempt flopped. Kanew
took the job of editing the work of an-
other first-time director. Robert Redford.
The film in question. Ordinary People.
went on to win the Oscar as Best Picture
of 1980.

Since prestige attaches to those linked
with a Hollywood winner. Kanew was
able to climb into the director's chair
once more. This time. creating ltemmgo of
tho Nerdt, he shifted wisely to an upbeat
story. Gotcha. which continues that light-
hearted trend. is a romance involving a
college student and a (IIA spy.

“I'm a little surprised to learn I have a
knack for light entertainment." Kanew
says. referring to his forgotten heavy-
drama debut. “The light stuff is fun
to do." I

'I'lll'.M()Vll-,MAUAZINI. u

 

