 

As soon as you get a job, you could get the
American Express“ Card. I

If ou're a senior, all you need is to accept a
$10.0 0 career-oriented 1010. That‘s it. No strings.
No gimmicks. (And even if you don'thave a Job
right now. don't worry. This offer 18 still good up to
12 months after you graduate.) Why is American
Ex ress making it easier for you to get the Card
rig t now? ' '

Well, simply stated. we believe in your future.
And as you go up the ladder. we can help—1n a lot

 

of ways.The Card can help you begin to establish
your credit history. And, for busmess, the Card IS

and MN...» m... I....||4......u...... l .....,..... t.

invaluable for travel and restaurants. As well as

shopping for yourseli.

Of course, the American Express Card is re-
cognized around the world. So ou are too.

So call 1-800528-4800 and as to have a Special

Student Application sent to you. I

Or look for one on campus.

The American Express Card.
Don't leave school without it.BM

mum mum!

3113

‘ LII unl

m."

o .
‘lSDOh
'
I

EVEN 313mm: COMMENCEMENT
,. t ‘ YOU COULD BEGIN USING V  
   

l

 
   

‘ ARCHITECTURE

in education. “I would found an institution where any person can
ﬁnd instruction in any subject,” said Ezra Cornell, who helped to
launch the biggest land-grant college in New York state, named in
his honor.

Frederick Law Olmsted, the designer of New York‘s Central

1
Park, was the role model in these decades. He created or inﬂu-
‘ enced at least 20 campuses from the 18605 to the 18905, most of

them land-grant. His pungent, passionate ideas perfectly suited
the spirit of an era when the children of working men and women
were being welcomed into the university system for the ﬁrst time.
Olmsted inveighed against the rigid formality of traditional cam-
pus architecture, of quadrangles and classicism, as well as the

~ stuffy academy itself. Instead he preached a “free, liberal, pictur-

‘ ‘ esque" esthetic, in which rustic, thoroughly American structures

Rice's postmodern Herring Hall: A complex lyrical facade (right)
and a radiant reading room inside the building (above)

around a large, open mail that signaled a similar desire—to create a
"familial," even "collegial," atmosphere.

Jefferson was thoroughly Roman in his taste, as evidenced by the
abundance of pavilions and colonnades at the university, as well as
the giant rotunda at its center. But he was moved as well by the
contemporary French architect Claude-Nicolas Ledoux, whose ex-
travagant, lyrical work served as a model for one of the professorial
houses. As a planner, Jefferson struck a distinctively American
chord in his concern for the whole environment in which the
student studied; this was far from the case at Continental universi-
ties, where students often had to find theirown lodgings in the town.
“The large and crowded buildings in which youths are pent up," he
wrote, “are equally unfriendly to health, to study, to manners,
morals and order."

it one form or another, the ideals implicit in Harvard and

Virginia continue to affect the campus to this day. South

Carolina College (now thestate university at Columbia), found-
ed in 1801, was designedaround a "horseshoe," averdant green mail
of sorts, across which two .'
rows of buildings faced each
other. with the president‘s
house at one end, the town
entrance at the other. As the
republic ﬂourished and ex-
panded west, so did the
number of universities. But
the Land Grant CollegeAct
of1862, which allotted each
state federal land. which it
was to sell, using the funds
for the erection of“ugricul—
turn] and mechanical" col-
leges, was the turning point.
Collegesofallkindsbegunto
be built in such haste and
abandon that critics com-
plained that too much mon-
ey wasspentonconstruction
and not enough on books.
Each of these new hybrids
was dedicated to democracy

.4.“

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/APRIL IDES (1

British or! center at Yale: Louis Kuhn ’s light-drew

could be smoothly integrated into a rolling, cultivated landscape.

Olmsted worked on Cornell, the University of Maine and the
University of California at Berkeley, among others. In Berkeley, he
conceived of the entire college as an integral part of the surrounding
communityand wovethetwotogetherin his plan—yetanother radi-
cal American departure from the past. He included residential areas
and athletic facilities within the campus grounds. He insrsted that
the dorms resemble “large domestic houses," each with a "respect-
ubly ﬁnished drawing room and dining room." Olmsted‘s clients of-
ten refused to mix education and life as fully as he desired, but his
vision transformed manyschoolsallovertheUnitedStates.Agricul-
tural colleges opened in Massachusetts, Kansas and Iowa bearing
the mark ofhis ideas. So did—and does—the beautifully manicured

campus at Stanford, for
which Olmsted devised the
original plan. In theend, an-
other architect dotted his
green, rolling hills with ex-
quisite Spanish mission-
style buildings. But Stun-
ford still stands as a tribute
to Arcadian romance.
Romantic visions are
struggling to survive in this
century, as Turner‘s book
demonstrates. The pictures
in “Campus” become pro-
grcssivcly more complex,
crowded and urban its the
pages turn. By 1900, the
American college was be-
‘oming u “multivarsity,”
offering an unprecedented
, variety of courses to large
“ ' ‘ ' in“: student and en-
ched masterpiece dowcd on occasion by enor-

     

     
      

-..r A

25

