 
  
    

Those textbooks that have been sitting around since last semester or last year may be worth
as much as 50% of their purchase price.

Textbooks in good condition that are specified for the coming semester bring the highest
prices but even those that won’t be used are worth money to us.

Here is a Partial List of Books and the Prices We Pay:

COURSE AUTHOR TITLE WE PAY
BLAW 220P Anderson Business Law: Comp., 12th $15-00
AMAT 220 Anton Elementary Linear Algebra, 4th 13.75
AMAT 112Y Berkey Calculus, 1984 (2nd printing) 21.50
ABlO 314 Brock Biology of Microorganisms, 4th 19.00
APHI 201Y Copi intro. to Logic, ’82, 6th 14.75
APHI 110 Feinberg Reason and Responsibility, 6th 14.50
APHl 112Y Fogeiin Understanding Arguments, 2nd 7.50
AMAT 108 Freedman Statistics, ’78 12 50
AANT 220Y Fromkin intro. to Language, 3rd 9:50
APSY 203 Gardner Developmental Psychology, 2nd 13.50
AATM 100 Gedzelman Science and Wonders of the Atmosphere '80 16.75
APHY 124 Halliday Physics: Part 2, 3rd ’ 17 75
BGMT 481P Henshaw Executive Game, 4th 750
BACC 461 Hermanson Auditing Theory & Practice, 3rd, ’83 15:00
ASOC 217G Kanter Men and Women of the Corporation, ’77 4 50
BMKT 411 Kotler Marketing Management, 5th, ’84 16:50
APSY 101M Maas Readings in Psychology Today, 4th 5.00
BBUS 580 Mayer Contemporary Financial Management, 2nd 16.00
AECO 350 Mayer Money, Banking and the Economy, 2nd 13.00
BACC 211 Meigs Financial Accounting, 4th 14 50
BMKT 310 McCarthy Basic Marketing, 8th 1500
APSY 101M McConnell Understanding Human Behavior, 4th 1550
ECPY 120 Pauk How to Study in College, 3rd 700
ACHM 217 A, B Pavia intro. to Organic Lab Techniques, 2nd 17.
AENC} 144L Shakespeare Riverside Shakespeare, ’74 15.00
AMAT 100 Sobel Algebra and Trigonometry, 2nd 1500
ACHM 216 AaB Solomon Organic Chemistry, 3rd 1950
APSY 270 Tedeschi introduction to Social Psychology, ’85 14.50
ASOC 384M Ward Aging Experience, 2nd 1150
ACSi 203 Welburn Structured COBOL, ’81 12.00
APSY 101M Wortman Psychology, 2nd 1400
BLAW 321 Wyatt Business Law, 6th 16:00

Don’t forget to enter the RAFFLE for the Bearll

 

"tr-.wjam. . _

",‘W'thr W: W  ~

       
  
  
  
 
  
  

 

   

 

—-_,o.." u

A-

 

 

 

"

 

' Chapel House before and'altor the tire
’ The basic structure is still intact

    

.~. [H v

 ‘A‘LBA‘NKE uUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

NUM‘BER 23

 

 

   

Aag

Chapel House left guttedby blaze

By John .Keenan » '
MANAGING EDITOR

When the Reverend Chris Hoyer turned up the
road leading to’ Chapel House Sunday. May 26. his
first reactionwas “Well, it’s stilivstanding.“ ’

On May 26. a fire 'swept through the‘Chapel
House. consuming~the.roof 9nd. three rooms in the
building..but leaving theibasic structure intact. The
Chapel House, ~tithichgwasthe last remaining struc-
ture from. tho-A", ' 
SUNYA ground 'su't iversity’s inception. A.

The diarm was turne by McKownviiie Fire
Chief Ronald Jones. who. noticed ,smoke rising
from the trees whileoyalking near campus. “it
burned for almost a half hour before anybody call-
ed‘ it in." Jone told reporters. . '

Members of the interfaith Collegiate Council
Board, which owns Chapel” House. could not say if
the structure will be rebuilt.

“it was a' heartbreak." said Hoyer. the first
Chapel House staff member on. the scene. “When
you got close. it was really obviously a burned out
shell." -~ ’ ‘ ' .

Hoyer. who rushed into the still smoldering ruin
to salvage three Torah scrolls, added “inside it was

  
 

wo'rse. All the things we'd put together were gone;

weld invested a lot in that buildings" i

mguthad stood on-

 u'ad’s polling place moved to nursing home

Regarding the Torah rescue, Hoyer said “Any
one of us would have done the same. i tried to think
of things of value to each of us. That’s one reason
Chapel House is so important. because we continue
to learn from each other. sensitivity toward each
others traditions and goals."

“We lost all our prayerbooks and bibles." said
Jay Keiiman. member of the interfaith Collegiate
Council Board. the corporation which runs Chapel

-- House: "Astehahnosraii‘bf 'our office supplies."

For the present.”the'Chapel House staff is housed
in B-54 of the Campus Center. while Kellman is
working out of the .lSC-Hilici office. They will 0c-

. cupy that office until August 23, “a week before
.the fall semester begins." according to Director of

Campus Life Jim Doellefeld. “which is when we
have to move the Job Service and Don’t Walk
Alone service back in." '

Doellefeid explained “Neither (Job Service nor
Don't Walk~Aionc) functioned this summer. so l
put the office supplies in storage." He added. “We .

need the week to clean up the offices and move 9

them back in." V
Office space for the Chapel House staff during
the 1985-86 academic [year is “under discussion,"
Doeilcfeld said. He has met with members of the
11>

 

  
   

 

I tuber, Dutch Quad residents

‘ ,_t,o'>change, their polling place to
fitters of Sarah Nursing Home —-

_ ' udem Association(SA) President .

SteveiGaw 'y, says is an attempt to “in-

conveniencestudent voters". '

This in location will require
students livingganutch Quad to travel to
the Washingto’ .Ayenue extension. two :
antinone‘ halt‘utﬂles‘ from campusno cast
their ballots. ‘ '

The decision‘to relocate the pollittg place I
was recently hatiiied down to SA by the
Albany Beard of Elections.

Last November. Dutch Quad residents,
who are part of the'lSth Ward. District 7.
voted either at the ThruwayHouse. on
Washington Avenue across the street from
campus. or at St. Margaret Mary's school
located on Western Avenue three blocks
from the campus entranceway. i"

“The nursing home isn’t accessible. to
students without a car.” said. Gawley.
“Even if you .want to walk there you can't
because there's ttovsid'ewalks. ' You cah‘t
walkton‘a highway." ~.

The shift in location cume‘about because
of the overcrowding at the Thruway House

 

‘ “All We Wantfis a
polling pl‘acethat is g
accessible to the

and St. Margaret Mary's. Accordin to
Nicholas Collucio. the Alderman of ard
is. a polling place can‘t exceed its 1.000
constituents.
polling places surpassed that maximum.
“Rich Schaffer (former SA President)
and i worked very closely together," said
Collucio. “and he agreed that the districts
should be broken up. The polling places
were very crowded and the students had to

students. ” I
—- Steve Ga wley

 

Last November. the two

distance. "

 

By Pam Schusterman
EDITORIAL ASSISTAM

Nearly 3,000 students from
across the state will travel to
SUNY Albany in the coming
months to participate in the
summer orientation program

university life.

There are iS orientation ses-
sions planned for the summer
with an additional one in the
fall. said Mary Schimley. direc-
tor of Orientation and Plann—
ling. “We have nine freshman
sessions and six transfer stu-
dent sessions," she explained.
“With an additional one for
stragglers in the fall."

The sessions begin on June
27 and continues through
Augustg i. All incoming
freshmen will be housed on
State Quad in the lowrises;
Whitman. Tappan, Anthony
and Cooper halls. Schimiey ad—
ded that freshman orintations
last for two or more days while
transfer orientation last only
one day.

 

The freshman orientation
has many functions. said
Schimley. “We focus on
aspects such as administrative
business. registration.
academic integrity and accep—
table college behavior.“ sh
said. '

“The importance of orienta--
tion for the university as well as
the student cannot be overem-
phasized.“ said a former orien-
tation assistant. (0A). “The
time and effort will be,saved
dealing with the problems
students may confront in
September."

According to Risa Sonen-

 

and get their first taste of_

'lUniv. gears up tomeet
‘ men'bersofclass?of ’89

shine, a current 0A. the
freshmen are. broken down into
groups of about 26 students
and assigned to a speciﬁc orien- ‘
tation assistant. “Tile job of an
0A is to be the resource center
for the freshman. we are their
link to what college is going to
be like," she said. ’

 

Inside:

Tips for

frosh. 0. . E
-— page 5

w».

 

“My main reason for being
an OA." said Sonenshine. "is
because i had such a good time
in orientation. 1 wnat to be able
to give them as much
knowledge as i canand leave
them with good vibes about
coming back in the fall."

Sonenshine explained that a
set schedule is provided for the
freshmen. “We go through an
initial meeting. a tour. a CUE
(Center for. Undergraduate
Education) advisement ap-
pointment. exams. a residential
life meeting. and a party at
night,“ she said. Freshmen also
take mealcard pictures and
receive their schedules.

According to Schimley. there
are several activities that key in
on academic issues. “We have
general sessions that explain
graduate requirements. course
load. and mix and balance of
classes." she said.

Also provided for the incom-
ing students is the opportunity

11> l

 

 

 

 

  

 

UPS

wait on line too long." -

“i had no idea that they (Student
Association) were upset at the redistric-
ting." continued Collucio. “i'm not sure
why they're upset. it's about the some

“Two and a half miles and three blocks
are not the same distance." I. disagreed
Ouwiey. “Especially when you don't have

t a car. All we want is a polling place thntis
a 't-

sis.

accessible to the students. When you put a
polling place that‘s not accessible. you are
disenfranchising them." _

Gawley added.”We weren‘t even cot:-
tamed when they were making a major
redistricting. i think it was a lack of
consideration.“

Gawley also pointed out that the
number of voters at the polling places were
inﬂated due to buffer cards failing to be
pulled out for graduting students. ~

George Scaringc. Republican Commis-
sioner of the Board of Elections. said he
sees the redistricting as a setback to stu-
dent voting rjghts. .

“it's been viewed for along time by
Albany Democrats that college students
should vote in their hometown." said
Scarihge. “So they’re not going to make it
convenient for the students to vote here."

Gawley also said he feels the redistric-
ting was done to inconvenience student
voters. “i think they did it on purpose."
said Cowley. “Somewhere down the line
they feel students are going to turn on the
‘city administration.‘ it’s totally ridiculous.
First of all. we don’t have the voters to
turn an elecdon. We just want our con-
cerns addressed. We want to work with

its»

 

