 

6.~ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS l 1'. FRIDA Y. Am r 3, I985

 

 

 

CLIP AND SAVE !

You are invited to join fellow alumni

as for SQNJANLQEI at *

STARB UCKé'

151 East 45th Street *

New York City 3!:
96
(between 3rd and Lexington)

TUESDAY JUNE 25

5:00 pm ’til 9 pm
Admission with this ad - $15.00

Admission includes open bar,
free food, & dancing

SPONSORED BY CLASS—or 1980

 

ATTENTION SENIORS

 

 

Looking for a
Great Summer Job? V -

Cosm‘opolitﬁan
Temporaries

for
receptionists and office
personnel

in the Midtown Manhattan area
for the Entire Summer!

For more information, call
Jay at (212) 986-0500

.- ‘9
Cosmopolitan Temporaries

308 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10017

offers excellent opportunities

  

 

be} ($10.00 minimum purchase)

 

 

 

 

 

 LEE FEMS:

CHINESE KITCHEN

579 New Scotland Ave.. Albany

430-2622 4324201 I

-. FREE DELIVERY I.

 

  

     

v

  

 

Delivery Area:

 

 

 

 

 

 

* LEE PONG
Chinese Kitchen

WHITEHALL IOAD

East to Delaware Ave. & Lark St.
South to Whitehall Rd.
West to Tampa Ave.
North to Washington Ave. 8: SUNY Albany Uptown Campus

Delive Limos;
Mon—Thurs. 5-10P.M. 0 Fri. 5-l l p.m.
Sat. 3-ll p.m. 0 Sun. 3-10p.m.
"Specializing in Cantonese. Mandarin and Szechuan cuisine',’ ' l
I -- / .... ..

 

 

 

 

.I‘ " “I ANTI)... I.  

 

 

 

' MANAGER TRINEES! 
EARN $15   YR'.

WE'RE LOOKING FORA FEW CAREER
I-MINEDED, ENEm E lC,‘-()U"l‘-(‘}(.)IN(I' g
 *  ‘ PEOPLE To FILL V . -
ANAGEH TRAINEE POSITIONS.

- ROOM FOR.
GROWTH &
EXPANSIO

, - EXTENSIVE
6 MONTH
TRAINING

; — PROGRAM

-24 STORES
THROUGHOUT

outo,N.,Y. , 

AND MASS... 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"'n‘asaityistu‘agn

t body achieves

unique expressions Of identity

By Patrlce Johnson V

‘ ‘She was silent while the tears formed endless paths
down her face. _

Yes, her eyes were the reﬂections of her soul.

She had known bitterness and had joined the weary
One day she awake and understood all that She had
experienced ' ' V '

She dried the tears from her eyes and the stains were ,

dissolving from her heart -

She had found Strength through v her past
confrontations

She now resides with the strong ' 
and the determined - 

She had been redeemed" . I

As the semester comes to an 
end. minority students are left with powerful
memories of our experiences at SUNYA. Some will
permanently exit from this university as they enter
into and open up new doors of progress and
variability. Others will return in the fall to utilize
this institution so that they too can walk through
the chambers of success and upward mobility. No
matter where ourfootsteps lead us, we take with us
wisdom and experience from this university that
will help us in‘ forthcoming situations and
confrontations. . .

As we look over the 1984-1985 academic year, we
recall our disappointments. hard times. yet also our
victories. Some who have started out with us have
not-made it to the ﬁnish line due to. various in-
terventions. ‘We have not forgotten them; we must
remember them also. We still remember dear Renita
Wright who will stay with us always, for her light

‘..‘shall never .dim in our memories of her existence.

“when 1 look over this past year, the ac-
. complishinents of us as a minority student body is
brotight to my attention. 1 see one of the best
Minority Affairs Coordinators this university has

I .had the pleasure of having, Eric Bowman. 1 see

Caglos Laboy. Marlene Bryan and Laurie Midgette,
strugglingto help serve and elevate the minority stu-
dent body in VVarious facets via educational, cultural
,and social; .‘ch'men't. 1 see the minority frater-
nities and : 'orities aiming to serve their people
'~while 'ﬁndirslgkvays of "unique positive expression
. andidentity. ‘1 sets mass of students formulating to
bring about positiv'achanges‘for minorities for the
forthcoming academi‘cnyears. ’ '

And lsmlle. l smile because 1 know that we are
going places. I smile bécause' through all our
darkness we have made a ligli‘r', and though We have
been caught up in the maze sometimes. we have
found an exit. 1 smile becau‘se 1 know that we. are
strong enough to get through almost anything. 1
smile because 1 am proud. . \

As 1 witness the graduation of fellow minority
students. my heart is gladdened. Many people may
have doubted that we'd make it this far. but we pro-
ved them wrong. Against the odds. we have manag-
ed to achieve and excel academically. (Never
underestimate a hungry and thirsty human being.
for he will not rest until his long awaited goals are
. fulfilled.)

Although we have had some hills to climb over.
and some bumpy roads to cross. we‘ve made it this
far. And we'll continue to make it. i

I remember my freshman'year when 1 entered this
university. There were 'so many times when 1
wanted to pack my- bags and leave. but' my family
and peers encouraged me to stay. I'm so glad that I
took their advice and stayed. This university has ex-
posed me to many realities that l didn't know ex-
isted. It has changed my ignorance into wisdom. l
have ‘grown in different dimensions of my life.
Some of the bad experiences I faced. l transformed
them into positive insights which have helped me
become more strong and productive. Whatever bad
experiences we have encountered. we can use to a
positive advantage and incorporate what we've
learned from them into our mental framework.

During my conversations with fellow students, 1
often hear them say. “I don’t know how 1 made it
this far." But 1 do know. You have made it this far
because you have chosen to 'win and in the process

. of winning, you have not let any. variable serve as a
hindrance to your progress. '

‘ As we go in different angles. we shall never
depart. Our struggles at. this university shall be a
vivid memory that will serve as a constant shadow.
Although there is a lot of talk going on about we
need some unity. we already have it; we just need
more of it. When we really heeded each other. we
were there in the past and we shall always be there.
We have grown to feel each other's pain and hap-
piness. Are we ‘not one? .

To all the graduating seniors. best wishes and
congratulations are extended to you... May you
never glve’up your internal and'external struggles
for excellence in place of .restpand may God give
you the powerlo always find the inner strength to
progress. To all of you who will be returning in the
fall. may you continue to strive and achieve as you
broaden your mental boundaries. We don't have to
look back and wonder “how we got over." We've

‘ made it through because we are made of substance.
a substance that stems from our past traumas that
has taught us to grasp on to the rope that will lead
us to the sky and beyond all clouds.

Good Luck! “Ain’t no stopping us now. we‘re
on the movel l" 13

Where tO" go to  fail your eXams...

By Bette Dzamba ' “ . ' ‘KLlounge; and third floor lounge; and Waterbury

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT . I ’

Once HAP Day and Mayfest are over, the final
stretch begins, and to accomodate the end of the
year studying rush the university has designated cer-
tain areas Specifically for this purpose.

Classes officially code! 12: 10 on Monday, May 6
and Tuesday May 7. is a reading day. Finals begin
omWednesday. May 8. and will .continue'untll
We.dnesday.'May 15. V

Oil Shale Quad, the Eastman tower lower lounge
will be open 24 hours and the penthouse will be
open from 1 pm to 9 pm.

The: lower lounges in lrving and Anthony halls
can be used 24 hours a‘day. and the cafeteria will be 1
open from 8 pm to 6 am.  ‘- ' -

On Dutch Quad. the Stuyvesant Tower. Pem-
thouse and basement. and the Bleecke‘r lower
lounge will all be open 24 hours and the cafeteria
wlllbe available for cramming from_ 8 p.m. to 6

a. . , .

Ign Colanial Quad all-nighters can be pulled in c
the Livingston Tower Penthouse and basement.
Herklmer lower lounge. Morris lower lounge and
DeLancey lower lounge. The cafeteria ls available
for studying from 8 p.m. to 6 am.

lndian Quad has study space available 24 hours a
day In the Mohawk tower penthouse. and in the
basement lounges of Adlruga. Mohlcu‘n. Montauk..
Oneida/Onondaga. Seneca. and Tuscarora. The -.
cafeteria will be open from 8 p.m. to 6 am.

On Alumnl quad a number of places will be
avallable for studying 24 hours a dye. These in.
clude: Alden lower lounge and East Lower lounge;
Brubaehcr main lounge; the ballroom and 2nd floor
lounge; Pierce Pine room: Sayles bank room. lower

ca saw-vet?” " A 1

“Biology Seminar roon 248»,fro

main lounge and lower lounge-The cafeteria can be

_us “from 8 p.m. to 6 arm.

' T x,Cam'pus Center Cafeteria. Patroon Lounge
and Fireside lounge are all available for studying
until 11 p.m. ' I 1

Lecture Center 19 will be open from 8 p.m. to 6
(am. and students may study in LC 22 from 10 p.m.
to 6 mm. ’1'. . ’

Of the academic buildings, the Humanities
lounge (HU 354) is aliailable from 9am. to 5 p.m.
Monday through. Frlda . The Physics Seminar
room 129 can be utilize from 3 p.m. to 9 p.m.
Monday through Friday. Students can study in the
‘6 p.m. to 10 p.m.
_ Draper 341 can be used for stti’dying Monday to
Thursday from 9 p.m. to low p.m‘ltand on Friday

‘ from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. It 'will aliqbc Open Satu'rday
'and Sunday form 10 um. to 5 p.m.

The downtown cafeteria vending‘room will dou-
ble as a studying room from 7:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. on

Monday to-Thursday. from 7:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. on

Friday. and from 10 am. to 5 p.m. on Saturdays
and Sundays.

The uptown llbray is open Monday to Thursday
from 8 am. to it p.m.; Friday from 8 am. to 10
p.m.; Saturday from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; and Sunday
from noon to ll p.m. On-Saturday. May it, hours
will be extended from 8 em. to 11 p.m.

The Hawley library hours are Monday to Thurs-
day frotn 9 a.m. to to p.m.: Friday and Saturday
from 9 am. to S p.m.; and on Sunday from 12
noon to 8 p.m. On Saturday. May ll hours will be

,‘cxtcnded to 9 p.m. to 8 p.m.

Good luck on finals!

FRIDA Y, MA Y 3, 1985 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

Eric K. Copland

Attorney at Law

 

Practice Limited to

Immigration and Nationality Law

and Labor Certifications

~ 488 Broadway, Albany. NY 12207

(518) 434-0175

 

 

 

 

SQHQQL pug

CONSIDER THESE BENEFITS:
(I) uranium: my
(2) L-mllw It" min and llllll you in obi-luring you!
I my license.
[3) All "Moi Mildly! a"
This is An Ideal Part-TIM. Job For The:
ll) “OVBEPERSON who wants to lament 1h.
m
In) :JNIVERSIW S‘TUDng with lit. limo mornings
otnootu cm with. pooddtlvt record
(c) §HIFT wogzen unlit IDIII llfll [Mannheim any
1 on
(6} BUSINESS OWNERS mm ill-IMO roll noun _

FOR MORE INFORMA "ON ABOUT A VERY
REWARD/N8 CAREER. PLEASE CALL 7004 VI

LNDLAW VIM." (I10) scum
' (III) a”.
lﬂlﬂlﬂﬂ .

 

 

 

at

Electrolysis Stud
“Summerize”Yourself

 'WA'xt'NG‘Ai/Attnntt

 
 

7‘40: gm

io
for

the tanning season!

 

Professlonal Waxing
with the (3131 Honee Method
Evening Hours — Affordable Rates
,i05 Wolf Road. Suite i4

 

1.

4584241

   

   
 

 

 

 

Foo’D ADDICTION

BULlMlA 0 COMPULSIVE OVEREATING
Are You Suffering From Any Three of The Following:

1] Binge on high calorie food.

13 lnconspicuous eating (hidden eating).

1.] Constant attempts at dieting.
C] Frequentiweight ﬂuctuations.
1:] Eating to discomfort.

[I] Use of laxatives or diuretics

 

7),. NAPLES RESEARCH

& COUNSELING CENTER

 

.- A Complete Conﬁdential Medical and Psychiatric Ev
- Private. Conﬁdential, and Individual Treatment.

I 24-Hour Medical Supervision and Support.

0 Modern Residential Setting.
0 Individual and Group Therapy.

- Covered by Most insurance Plans.

(81 3) 775-4500

24-Hour Assistance

aluntion.

' Special Familizutihn Program.

or Toll Free 1   ours-among.

OCall lot a complimentary copy 01 our newest publication. "A Mint-Guido

to Food Addictlon.

~6in for complete conildcntlll lnlormalron on our residential treatment

program or insurance approval.

NAPLES RESEARCH & COUNSELING CENTER

‘ "The nation I Ituul wunuehenm-r Iytlrm [or "it lrrultlli'lil of tall!" lll't‘ IIImuh-u

a coat Yamiaml lull south 0 Naples. Florida 33001

J C A N ltc'tdllla

\ Member 01 the Amen: m- ﬂoIDvIll
\‘ln all-hue at WILMAC Nllllh Cm: i'annus Ill ram-IV Flour-u

\

Alloclllton

 

 

 

 

