 

    

EDITORIAL?
Nothing much

We found this ad lying around the ASP officezl

HAPPENS-

WHEN YOU REGISTER WITH
SELECTIVE SERVICE?

NOTHING.

Men. if you're about to turn 18. it's
time to register with Selective Service
at any US. Post Office.

'->.

It's quick. It's easy.  .
And it's the law. 

Presented as a Public Service Announcement

Nothing? Really? Then why have an estimated
500,000 men not registered for the draft?

Maybe they recognize that something does hap<
pen when you register. You’ve let the government
know that you’re available; that they can call on
you whenever they want you. You‘ve given up the
right to decide whether you believe in fighting, or to
determine what's a worthy cause. The government
can decide what’s right at any time. and when they
do. you’ve told them just where to ﬁnd you.

Andrew M ager didn't want to let the government
make his decisions for him, so he refused to
register. He was sentenced Monday to six months in
’jail and thirty months probation. But Mager isn't
the first to go to jail. Eight other men have been
given sentences ranging from probation to two and
a half years in prison.

Ben Sasway is one of those men. Just before he
was sentenced a little over two years ago, he ex-
plained that draft registration “deprives young men
of one of the most important moral decisions they
can make -—— to take another life."

The government would like you to forget that. so
they make registration quick and easy and reassure:
you that nothing happens. Andrew Mager and Ben
Sasway didn't fall for this and neither should you.
Maybe you registered because patriotism leads
you to believe in fighting blindly for somebody
else's cause. Maybe you just wanted to abide by the
law. Either way. don't buy the government’s line:
something does happen when you register.

Alternative to 21 '

While the legislature looks to raise the drinking
age to 2!, Student Association is working on a
much more creative way of discouraging drunk
driving.

 

They’re instituting a new program called the
“I'm Driving Club." Students who agree not to
drink any alcoholic beverages while driving their
friends to downtown bars. will now be able to get
free soft drinks for staying sober. Sign-ups for the
club will be held this Wednesday. Thursday. and
Friday in the Campus Center.

Both Student Association and the participating
bars deserve praise for initiating the program in this
area, but its success lies in the hands of the students
who join. For the first few weeks. the novelty of a
free soft drink may be enough to keep students par—
ticipating. But when the fun wears off. it's up to
everyone to remember the reason for the program
——- drunk driving is dangerous.

This gives us a chance to show legislators that
there are alternatives to 2|. Let’s stick to it.

[Access to classes ineqmtablej’pp

 

 

I am a psychology major awaiting graduation in Maya
My ﬁeld of interest is within industrial/organizational
psychology. Over the past two years. I have attempted ,to
design my course study to accomodate this interest. This
meant taking certain core business classes to enrich in
background in this area.

Mchael Galardi

Recently. before pro-registration. I went to see apro-
fessor in the psychology department to obtain a permis-
sion card for entry into a class called Qrgardcational
Psychology. Upon arriving, he informed me‘thathe had
given out all available permission cardsand the class was.
closed. My reaction Was one of surprise. What was an up-
per level psychology class that meets one night a week do-
ing closed before the start of pro-registration? This pro-
fessor said he gave the majority of the cards to business
majors. I asked him if he felt it was fair that a business
major could be granted entry into any upper level class he
wished; but a psych major like myself would be denied
entry to a class in the business department and even. in
this case. a class in my own department. This professor
didn't realize the business school had a policy of closing
upper level classes to nonvmajors. He replied he didn't
think it was fair and next time he would give psych majors
full priority. Regardless. I wasn't granted entry into the
class.

I perfectly understand the business school’s policy of
not allowing non-majors to sign up for 300 and above
level classes at pre‘registration. There are 2000 or so
students in the School of Business and I realize. the
department must give them priority at pre—registration if
they are to get into classes required for their major. But at
the same time, the psychology department has also enroll-
ed within it a substantial amount of students and I feel
this warrants the department to adopt a similar policy for
ihem’at pro-registration.

At present. I am enrolled in a business management
class which I feel is a necessary component in my in-
dustrial/organizational background. The professor here
recently mentioned a class he was offering next semester
which I recognized as pivotal to my education and ﬁeld of
interest. But the business department lists this as a class
open only to School of Business majors.

I approached this professor and explained my situation

 

. to him. He seemed genuinely disturbed by the fact that he

couldn’t let me into the class. I asked him if he could
speak with the assistant dean of the department. John
Levato. to get him to make an exception for me since this
class is such an integral part of my education in organiza-
tional analysis and development. He informed me that
John Levato indicated to him quite clearly'that under no
circumstances would he make an exception to his existing
policy. I must admit that I was persistent in trying to get
this professor to change his mind about speaking with
John Levato, but it was to no avail. We talked more and I
continued to vent my dissatisfaction and frustration with
this policy. In the past. this particular instructor widely

 

 

 

   

 

conveyed his view that equity should exist  all
students. I agree with this proposition and find the scales

of equity blatantly tilted in favor for business majors in -

this situation. i . v . _ .. ' .

So now I am completely disillusioned. If a professorin
the business department feels he would have no impact on
John Levato. I have, concluded that talking with him
myself would be an almost total waste of time". Th‘eTIiext
step is to see someone with the same level,of.tenure.wititin
the university as John Levato. I’ve decided to speakwith
the chairman of the psychology department. I plan to
propose to him a system of massive reform within our
department. I feel it is only fair a policy exists which pro-
hibits non-psych majors from enrolling in 300 an: above

level classes at pre-registration. Further. psychology ma-.

jors should be given priority of enrollment for 400 level
classes at the start of each semester. ' ,. . '.
Notice I use the words “priority of enrollment." I am
not advocating that non-majors shouldn't be permitted to
enroll; that would be hypocritical on my part. Besides.
I’ve yet to discover the. rationale behind these School of
Business policies. What I'm saying is that at the start of
the semester. no non-major should be allowed to sign up

for a 400 level psych class .until enough tinie‘has passed .

giving majors ample opportunity to sign up themselves.
Please don 't misunderstand me. This is not a personal
vendetta against the School of Business. It is also not just
a question of my getting into classes needed for my ﬁeld
of study. It is. though, a question of equality in our
educational goals. From my own point of, VICW,‘ I’m
beginning to wonder exactly what I am doing in Albany
spending my hard-earned money to get an education
when I can’t get the education I need. I can’tsee going in-

_ to an interview experience and flmtly convincing a poten-

tial employer that I am a credible compOnent of.his
organization's environment if I' don't have the necessary
background and experiencc.'.I thought the goal of this in-
stitution was to provide a quality educational opportunity
for all regardless of race, creed,.or color. Does this goal
begin and end at the point of admission to the university?
What about a quality educational opportunity for all
regardless of one's ﬁeld of study and. interest? .The
policies of the business department and their value to till
students. not just business majors, are being addressed in
this question. ‘

Can we all honestly look at our educational experiences
thus far and feel safe in saying we got the best education
possible? I'm sure some of us can. But what I’ve seen in
this institution in my years here indicates that a lot of us
cannot. How could we when many of us are notpermitted
to further our educations in the ways we see ﬁt? It’s not
just a matter of the policies of one department; the
credibility of the whole university. and maybe even the
educational process in general. is at stake here. If this
university Is to provide'the educational experience and
training essential for us to further ourselves and our
careers, then maybe it's time we re-evaluate the system
and take a closer look at the efﬁcacy of the so-called “op-
portunity” being provided to us.

 

 

‘ v
.p q, .

Calm Pron Service

 

“I Klimt! LET‘S FIX NICARAGUA».."

 

 

 

. -v.“ A a. .w......._.--.-. -... .

‘

B e pOSit ive
To the Editor: _ _ , ,

I am so glad you decided to run Patrice Johnson's col-
umn again this semester; I've been meaning to comment
on it for some time now.

You see. it really annoys me how this girl manages to
find racism anddiscrimination in everything. The plain
and simple fact is that everyone is~discriminated against in
some way, not just blacks. People who go looking for
discrimination will ﬁnd it in no uncertain terms.

I believe that thinking along the lines that Ms. Johnson
does only serves to perpetuate hostility among blacks and
whites. Wise up Patrice. not all- whites are out to get you.
They’re too busy worrying about their own problems.
Jews. women, poor people, rich people, fat peoplerugly
people. catholics, protestants. even up-staters and Long
Islanders; we all knowdiscrimination. But we can't have
everybody. like us either. 'I think Patrice needs to change
her attitude. Instead of being so negative, worrying about
who's hating you all thetime. it would be more produc-
tive to appreciate those who love you for who you are.

. —Name withheld by request

Support for oppressed

To the Editor: t

It is well known that there was.a recent effort to
transport Ethiopian Jews from Sudanese refugee camps
to Israel. At one time the Jewish population in Ethiopia
consisted of approximately 500,000 people. However, to-
day it is estimated that only 28.000 remain. This
devastating drop in population Is due to famine as well as
antisemitic persecution. It is because of this additional

 

~ danger to the lives of the Ethiopian Jews. that the rescue

mission had to be conducted in secrecy. Therefore. only
the people who were strong enough to reach the Sudanese

refugee camps have been rescued and predominantly the
very old, young or weak remain in Ethiopia.

 scﬂspects

smell-Ina In rein

 

Heidi Jo OroIIEEdltcr In Girls!
Dun Chang. John Keenan. ' Msrrsplnn Edlloro

Inns-- n'A IIIu-n

   

rg. Rlno Young

 

 

 

 

 

Mll- I‘ll- Tm Kmmd.l
unh- W i Inn “LI-III“:
Music “to!

“M “I'M Bum-r:
Editorial Popes utter ................................................................... ..Edwud Rainer
copy n u I...

 

Jerry Gsmplcno, Senior Editor

Contributing [more Jane Anderson. Joseph FulcoMIohollo Kreli, Wayne

Peer-boom. Judy Torol loitoriol Aulsluslo: Michelle Bustier. Cathy Errig,
Kristine Bauer. Ilene Wolnlteln, Ito" writers: Barbara Abrlhunor, Donn-
Allmln. Losllo Ola-ll. Johlnnoclsnoy. Jacqqu Clerk. Ion Clements. Ken Dom-
boum. Bette Dumbo. Boll: Finn-mi. Ronald Brent Gluten. Bob Nlnlon. Erlo
HInden. Mlddl Kun. Christine Rollo". Pun Schuetermsn. Rich Sheridan.
Mlchul akelnlck. Pony Tloohler. Arilnt: stove aryeon

Chris llnghl. Buslnou Manager
Lynn Bursitis, Auoclolo Buslrius Manager
Mauro Kollolt. Rhonda Wolf. Advert/sing Monopole
Hilts Krolmor. sun Manager

lllllnq Accountant .......................................................................... ..Rlndoo bolt-r
nuns" I —.—r 0“ Peron

Whine Ides: Faro Hobennsn. Stove Lull. mom-In. Production: LI
Blohlor. Denise Gutrons, Torus Glee-lone. Eileen Kolbuult. Jukl Midlsrsky.
Amy Pspsmy, cities IMO: Llnds Delgado. Merlorlo Rosenlh-l. Stephanie
Schonlul

Adorn b. lnglo, Pstrlels alunwln. Production Managers

Lenory Hoymon
, d, bus Pu. Llu
Glunbrone. Maureen Mel-luoh. Pun Sirouber "IO-0’: E. Phillip Hoover.
Judy Lawrence. Dun Darrel Slut. M.D.Thornpson. Choule Wsmn Hur-
witr. Rlchlrd Sheridan

Photography principally witle by University Photo “Moe. s student

group.

Chlsl Pholoorophon Erles Bplepoi on sun» short Albert. Amy Cohen. Marl-

Culilnsn. John Curry, Lynn Drellur. ctney aslvrey. Adm Ginsberg. Robert

Hon-mum. David lone. Kenny Kirsch. Robert Lucky. End Msum. Merit

Medlnvllls. Chrll Onlnl. tin almrnonl. Robert Doucy. Olvld Ulrich. Howard
ll

Chloll‘ypoumr ..

 

2
E
.
E
U
.
§
-
>

 

 

lnllre contents copyright 1m Albany student Prose corporsllon. III rights
rum“.

The Albany student Pro-I II published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and Juno by the Albany Bludsnl Prou Corporation. on Independent
not~ler-prolli corporallon.

Editorials on written by the lunar In Ghiol with members of the Editorial
Board; policy In subject to review by the Editorial board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily reﬂect editorial policy.

Malling odor I
Albany Student Press. co m
1400 Washington Ave.

Albany. NV rm:
(0|. «Immense

 

 

... “no... .....~.......M......  ..,...... t“-.. .. y. r — Ml - ,. -. ... M... a . ~.»- - g... .... ..- A . .

r

Up until now. no action has been taken on campus on

behalf of those people who so desperately need our help.
‘ On Sunday. January 27 an emergency meeting was held

to decide on a course of action to be taken by SUNYA

students. The product of that meeting was the formation

of _the Ethiopian Jewry Fund. a group designed to pro-
mote awareness of the Ethiopian Jewish problem. and to
raise money on their behalf. On Tuesday. February I2,

Joan. Roth, a celebrated photographer will come to the

SUNYA campus to discuss the Ethiopian problem and to

show her photographs of the Jews living in Ethiopia. We

would like to invite everyone to participate in this event
and to learn more about the plight of these people and
show support for them. '

' -—Sluert lsralowllz
—Knren~. Lieber
Co-Chairpeople

Ethiopian Jewry Fund

‘ The real world

To the Editor:

In response to the statement‘ “employees would be
hired through student job service (those guys in that of-
ﬁce are always reading the newspaper anyway)" that ap-
peared in the article on Bookstore ripoffs. ASP. February
lst, written by Jeff Turk.

The New York State Job Service office located in the
Campus Center basement has in the three years it has
been on campus found employment for over 400 students
in need ofa job per year. No. Mr. Turk, we do not just sit

*around reading the newspaper. When I’m not ﬁlling jobs

for employers on and off campus, I am running students,
who have no car, to job sites so they can make a few
dollars to help themselves make it from year to year.

I hope the many students who have beneﬁted from the
service provided by my ofﬁce take a personal affront to
your statement. Before shutting your month off. get some
facts as to what my ofﬁce has done for the student who
needs a job. But of conrse that would be the smart way to
do things. and your statement alone is proof that you
could not handle the burden of doing anything smart. I
would venture to say your work history ls nil as well as
your ability to project the nature of a business ofﬁce. ‘

My office has had many talks with Barnes and Noble
management and I can only praise them for the manner in
which theyconduct business. hire personnel and fill the
needs of the students.

As for me. personally, I have been with the depart-
ment of labor eleven years, earning my keep with a
dedication to my job in helping those in need of employ-
ment find such employment. Before you cast stones. get
facts. but more important. so out into the real world and
prove yourself as a contributing factor to today‘s work
force before you pass judgement on how things should be
done. You must do it before you can improve on it.

- —Paul Korol
NYS Job Service

Swimming traffic
To‘the Editor:

I swim in lane 3 at ﬁtness and occasionally recreation
hours and have. since I98]. observed a steady decline in
the courtesy of other swimmers, especially men. (In fact.
in I982 or ’3 I witnessed a semi-violent occurrence as one
man stood up for a woman against one of these rude
swimmers.)

Lane 3. for the unlnitiatc. is our "fast" lane. It should
work as follows: Swimmer swims up on one side, turns
quickly but not blindly upon reaching the wall. and swims
back. The center of the lane is for passing only; likewise
one should change direction only at the ends ~ not at the
IS or 20 yard mark. '

Many of my friends during the past 8 years (including
the present). have been swimmers or water polo players”
up to the national level. Thus I know that rudeness is not
the mark of a "pro." Yet. every time I swim I get clawed
or bumped. (Accidental bumps, by the way, are to be ex-
pected. Here I mean painful, substantial, even repeate
"clubbers" or "dunks.") .

Imagine reaching the end of a lane, turning around (or
flipturning) and coming face to face with a ZOO-pound
freestyler who is about to do his ﬁlpiurn-— through you!
Not pleasant. .

I could go on. and describe our major offenders -— as if
they were rattlesnakes or other vermin -— so we could
watch for them (for our own safety). But we are responsi-
blc adults here —— or responsible middle-aged adults. sir
—- and I should hope this letter would be sufﬁcient as it
stands. (I don't hit back, by the way —— but someday so-
meone might.)

I look forward to 3% more months at the SUNY pool
with its charming (if bored) lifeguards.

«Elizabeth Itth Apgsr

New enthusiasm

To the Editor:

The spring semester this year brought a fresh coating of
colorful, paper snow to the walls and bulletin-boards of
SUNY-Albany. Clubs pushed to enlist new members
while the schoolwork was light, and the atmosphere was
not yet embraced by the anxiety of studying. Nothing
new. Nothing. that is, until I noticed an unusually well-
made ﬁyer announcing an interest meeting for a new
fraternity on campus. Not a bad idea, but I was convinc-
ed that it was probably just another pin-stripe fraternity
in which business majors discussed the ups and downs of
Wall Street over cold col’l‘ee. Eager. for something new. I
went to the meeting anyway. ,

Sigma Alpha Mu Fraternity turned out to .be a
brotherhood in which social. academic and athletic values
are stressed. It is a national fraternity. with over 75 years
of tradition. and thousands of members throughout the
country. I was surprised at how many people showed up
for the first meeting. but I was more surprised at the en-
thusiasm with which the guys who ﬁrst conceived of br-
inging Sigma Alpha Mu to Albany presented their idea. I
had thought that such spirit and enthusiasm did not and
could not exist in any club at SUNYA. It does now.

I am a pledged brother of Sigma Alpha Mu. and I look
forward to bringing some of the spirit back to SUNYA.
Though Sigma Alpha Mu stands out as an exceptional
organization. there are other fraternities and sororities
springing up all around campus. Together these groups
will revitalize the faltering interest and enthusiasm here at
Albany, and should be given every consideration by the
University Administration.

I can guarantee that SUNY Albany will be hearing
from Sigma Alpha Mu in the coming months and years,
and that SUNY students will beneﬁt from its existence.

—Dennls Sheridan
Sigma Alpha Mu Fraternity

Voluntaryactivity fee

To the Editor:

Recently our suite of girls came up with an idea we
would like to share with others who may be interested.
We decided to sponsor a child through Foster‘Parents
Plan. For only $22.00 a month (3.75 a piece) we help sup-
port an underpriviledged child from Columbia. For this
small amount we not only help this child live a better life
but also aid his family. This money goes towards things
such as food. shelter and other such necessities. We have
only been Involved in this for a' short while but plan to
continue for as long as we are all together. We were hop-
ing by writing this letter that others would also get involv-
ed with Foster Parents Plan. For more information you
can either write: Foster Parents Plan, I55 Plan Way,
Warwick. RI 02887 or call toll-free l-800-556-79l8.

We hope that others will join us in making a difference

'by seriously considering helping out a childless fortunate

than us all. The personal rewards are worth so much more
than the small price we pay.
—Suite 2002 Colonial Tower

Supportive spectators

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter III response to Joe Leonard’s let-
icr printed Tuesday, January 29. entitled “Improper
Equipment."

As an'Albany Stale gymnast. it is pleasing to see that
ve have supportive spectators here at the University.
While I appreciate Joe Leonard's concern for our safety
ind equipment needs. I do not appreciate the many incor-
rectly stated facts in his letter. He should research his sub
ject matter before falsely stating what is or is not
"standard."

The proper administrators have been made aware of
our need for a spring floor exercise mat. and are currently
contemplating our problem.

We want to thank our supportive spectators again, and
hope to see you at our meets!

LETTERS!

This is YOUR space!
Submit letters to CC 329
along with

your name and phone
number '

-Lynn Saravls

 

 

 

 

 

 

