" o ~ - 

 r-W'TW“ r‘" w: ., ' , . . . r v - r ~ I - r
. EVE} immmShuttvl'esnwW'Ntbvﬁvulrluf>.'elattDAk-~<wym-Vﬂnptﬁ‘f‘l‘2MA“Atrdr'xy “mare-rpm.- uu.r~r--e..m.—)n-=amm~vetsumw' WI.) awe-rs.” or i“-« m n; -   ;~ 1 . .r .

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15; 1985' El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

 

 

NEWS BRIEFS

 

The World {fl 

Shamir blasts Peres

. Jerusalem
(AP) Foreign Minister Yitzhak Shamir,
who heads the shaky coalition govern-
ment’s Likud bloc, said Thursday that if
Prime Minister Shimon Peres fires right.
wing Cabinet member Ariel Sharon, Peres
must .resign and bring down the
government.

Raﬁ Edry, a spokesman for Prime
Minister Shimon Peres’ Labor Party,
reiterated on Israel radio today that Peres
plans to fire Sharon today unless the con-
troversial minister apologizes for attacking
Peres’ peace efforts.

Also speaking on the radio, Shamir said
Peres had agreed not to fire any ministers
without Likud agreement and said if he
fired Sharon, “then this coalition agree-
ment which is at the foundation of this
government will cease to exist."

Volcano kills 35,000

Bogota, Columbia
(AP) A volcano in western Colombia
erupted before dawn Thursday and sent
torrents of mud and water crashing into a
river that buried a sleeping town and three
villages. Officials feared tens of thousands
were killed.

“Rescue workers are talking about
30,000 dead," said Red Cross director
Artenro Franco in an interview with the
Bogota radio chain Caracol. “It is an im-
mense tragedy." “Eighty-five percent of
the town Almero is destroyted. and we
estimate there are 15,000 deaths," Gov.
Eduardo Alzate, of the state of Tolima,
said in a live broadcast interview with
Caracol. Ofﬁcials said Armero, a farming
town in the state of Tolima of about 30
miles from the volcano and 105 miles nor-
thwest of Bogota. was inundated by mud
that swept down to the Langunilla River
after the eruption of the volcano. Nevado
del Ruiz(Snowpeak of Ruiz).

W.

EPA may OK organism

Washington. DC.
(AP) The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy is leaning toward approval of the first

 

.' 2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15.31985

 

Advanced Genetic Sciences Inc. of
Oakland, Calif., wants to test bacteria,
Pseudonomas syringae and the related P.
flourescens. that appear to protect plants
against frost. Use of such bacteria could
signiﬁcantly extend the growing seasons
for crops.

EPA spokesman Dave Cohen said the
agency was likely to grant the company a
permit today to spray the bacteria on
strawberry plants. Nature makes the
bacteria by the billions on plant leaves in
two forms —- about 99.9 percent “ice-
plus" and 0.1 percent “ice-minus."

Sailor granted asylum

Houston, Texas
(AP) A Romanian seaman who walked off
his ship here, saying he wanted to defect to
a place “where freedom is respected," was
granted political asylum Thursday, im-
migration ofﬁcials said. Paul Firica, 44,
said Wednesday he wanted to leave
Romania so he could practice his faith and

 

not work for the Communist Party. "i
wouldn't be at liberty to give out the infor-
mation he based his request on,” said Paul
O’Neill, district director for the immigra-
tion and Naturalization Service.

O’Neill said the seaman had a
“justiﬁable reason" for receiving INS per-
mission to remain in this country. Firica
walked off the Romanian vessel Zalau on
Tuesday night as it was docked at the Port
of Houston and on Wednesday went to the
Immigration and Naturalization Service
office here. The ship, loaded with cattle
hides, left Wednesday night for Romania.

In an interview with the Houston Post,
Firica said he had dreamed for years of
defecting to the United States. Firica said
he had heard during his voyage — which
included a stop in Cuba -— of Miraslav
Medvid, the 25-year-old Soviet seaman
who twice jumped into the Mississippi
River, only to be returned to his ship.
Medvid later told US. ofﬁcials he wanted
to return home, and he was aboard his ship
when it left for the Soviet Union.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ The Store

 

 

Williams expands suit

New York
(AP) Penthouse, and its publisher, Bob
Guccione, have been .named in a $250
million lawsuit ﬁled by Vanessa Williams,
who was stripped of her Miss America
crown‘when nude photos of her appeared
in the men’s magazine last year.

Miss Williams added the publisher and
the magazine on Wednesday to emit she
originally ﬁled against a photographer.

Miss Williams charged in papers ﬁled in
Manhattan’s State Supreme Court that
Guccione, his magazine and photographer
Gregg Whitman unlawfully invaded her
privacy by publiching nude pictures of her

in the January 1985 edition of Penthouse. _

Whitman had taken'the pictures in August
1982.

“These acts have caused Williams great
distress. humiliation, exposure to public
ridicule" and the loss of valuable oppor-
tunities to license her name commercially,
court papers said. Ofﬁcials in the'Miss
America pageant lifted Miss Williams’ title
after a group of nude photos of her, taken
by Tom Chiapel in July 1982. were
publicized in Guccione in July 1984.

AT&T rates to drop.

Albany
(AP) American Telephone & Telegraph
Communications will cut its long-distance
rates within New York state by 13 percent
starting Nov. 17.

The cut, approved Wednesday by the
state Public Service Commission, means a
$62.1 million reduction in AT&T customer
rates throughout the state in the ﬁrst year.
Under the changes, the charge for a five-

minute AT&T long-distance all placed dur- ‘

ing the day between new York City and
Albany will decrease to $1.62 from $1.91,
according to company ofﬁcials’ estimates.
The evening rate will decrease to $1.05
from $1.24.

AT&T ﬁled a rate reduction request
after the commission ordered New York
Telephone Co. to reduce substantially the
fees it charges AT&T to use its local
telephone network. “The substantial
reduction in toll rates in New York state
will further several major objectives of the
Public Service Commission," PSC Chair-
man Paul Gioia said.

———Carrection

The editorial in the November 12 issue
of the Albany Student Press should have
directed students with dorm maintenance

 

 

 

 

 

 

b .
deliberate release of a genetically ’ "x-“L corrrplrrintsro Karl Sclrrrr'l, Systerrrs Direc-
enginccr'cd organism into the natural crr» i' hit of l'lH‘slc'lll l’l.rrrt for litrilding and In-
vironnrcrrt, one that nature already has put U. ‘llllllH‘H-ll ‘1'“ It“. «H +11 H“). “'s' H‘tilk‘l
there. an lil’A official says. nanomer gloomy. . .grtty day on campus. lltr' r't rtrr
PREVIEW OF EVENTS —  r r -  a . .
free IISfIngS Eugene lonesco‘s "Tho tunnx, «titan-m it try E‘rr‘rrftw‘» Strttlr‘trt trough!“ “Hm   _‘ M MW V
Lesson" Wlll ho porlortnt‘tl orrWr-rtrrt-urldy Nor .r r! ' \r‘ durum  1. , r H MUM l
“Mothers and Whores“ .r one Thursday through Saturday o rrr it] t t) t_'t r r H.” ‘
woman cabaret by [)omdwrgp Der: 5/ In the Shltltllr‘lr‘ Eckdnker Sitttlttrtl Srrttrot,  .: I \ W , \H, r
of the Untlurgrountt Runwkry l’lrorrlro, Shltlllltllr‘ L‘ottcoo prom-w. ,r , rf' - r,-
The‘dtro is horng sponsored try Saratotpr Strtltlrlt. tor lr‘:~l"\.l dim ., . u -; v > rut rt
the Feminist Alliance on Mon tiring, tirlll can soon r ligtir, I, ‘ «,r .
day. Nov. ltl .rt 8 pm In tho Central American Strlltidltty tn ,rt r
PAC Lrth thtlllU lu trots; .uo Alliance pit-sour. lrr ttr: llrt' l‘tllrllt ,d “,r rr-rr. .r t, H ,,
$2 With .r tax ‘rlll1l\t‘l .rrrd M NJHH' til HH‘ l'r‘wt'l" .r tron .. ' - r 5
without tlilt’lllllt‘llldﬁ trlrrr ‘.ltrr[  it »...,«~ r r
The International Student Pat» fullVrlilUl, on flrrtttlrlt Nut ‘-1 .w t“ to
ty r9; l-rtduy, Nov lit at E} p or .rt r' p or Ill ttn- “.r .l»i'.r‘,rlt {tuttn "norm 5‘.
ill trrrrtracttor tlrrll llr’luili‘. ,rro Arrdrlorrnnr .rt rtrr- r‘otrmrv- .rr it. w l‘ r
$2 wrthtzrx :.trt.l\or ‘lrlwrttront firltttl Home lot nion' rrr‘w rill in r r '
The Militant Labor Forum 434 401/ t;,.r.,,., ..
presents "Womon :r ttrghts Dorm Party Night writ tw horn Withnrn not... w, 1
Under Attack: How To Fight Saturday, Nov ltr ,rr :1 tr or NH in r , I 1
Back" on Friday, Nov. 15 at 8 Indian Quad. For more tntor Student. tut lrrrmrtrt‘, tum. mum. at“...   ,u . r... ,r, -, r it it litrr to Hit-
pm. at 352 Central Ave., matlon call 442-6519. 19 at 4 pm. In the PAC llrrcrtdl tlrtrr'rtrrtsrorr till “in... n, gm” pm; “WIN, “A” h” mom m
Albany. Donatlon ls $2. Circle K presents Job oppor- Hall. and Run Your Own Uusrnuss," torrrtatron call 442-3997,

 

 

 

 

 

Second new elections plan passed

By‘Angellna Wang
STAFF WRITER

Student Association got a new Elections
Policy in a surprisingly short amount of
time Wednesday night as Central Council
pushed through a revamped policy for the
second time in three meetings.

The ﬁrst policy was vetoed by SA Presi-
dent Steve Gawley a week ago, but he is ex-
pected to sign the second version, which
was passed with only three votes against
and one abstention out of 33 votes.

“1 think it was a good policy last week,
(it) just had a few problems," Gawley said
at this week’s meeting. Following the veto
the policy was sent back to the Internal Af-
fairs Committee, .where committee
members and Gawley discussed the policy,
said internal Affairs Chair Steve Russo.

The biggest change occurred in the
public ﬁnancing of elections provision.
Whereas in the originally—vetoed policy
candidates would receive $150 if they
received more than 15 percent of the vote,
candidates for president and vice president
can now get $50 for filing 500 signatures
before the election, plus $100 after getting
at least 15 percent of the vote.

Russo said many Council members sup-
ported campaign ﬁnancing as a principle,
but not a mechanism which would be has-
ed only a candidate's ﬁnal performance.

Larry Wasserman, a member who voted
against the new policy, said he thought
“500 signatures (was) too excessive" for
SA to reasonably demand. In addition,
Wasserman said he feared “people cam-

paigning for money, and not for votes."

The money for ﬁnancing elections
didn’t necessarily have to be taken directly
from the mandatory activity fee funds,
said Gawley. Instead, “we can use
revenues from the Contact Ofﬁce," he
said. v ,

“We’re going to look into where the
money will be coming from. I would not
support it coming out of the Mandatory
Student Activity Fee, said SA Vice Presi-
dent Ross Abelow. '

A second change in the new policy limits
media advertising among candidates, who
could originally spend up to $250 in ads in
the Albany Student Press (ASP),
SUNYA's independent student newspaper.

“There wasn’t too much disagreement
with media. We were going to either limit
or eliminate (it)," said Russo.

The new policy sets a half—page ad

limit or its equivalent, but exempts per- -

sonal advertising. Russo said this was a
fair compromise, adding, “The money
wouldn’t come out of (public) ﬁnancing,”
for ASP ads. '

Most of the players in the process of
creating a new policy agreed that com-
promise helped form the new rules. .

“it is not the original (policy) that came
out of Internal, or the one passed original-
ly—the policy is better as a whole,” said
Russo. “It’s one we can live with, one the
entire SA can work behind."

Even Wasserman, who voted ‘nay’, said
compromise had been a factor. Speaking
of Gawley, Wasserman said he was likely

 

 

Steve Russo

 

A policy “we can live with. "

to sign the bill. “He’s (Gawley) happy with
it. It's just sometimes compromise is in
order."

And Council Chair Bill McCann added,
“I'm happy with the policy, (but) not what
I was looking for 100 percent.” He added,
however, that he didn’t think anyone was
completely satisfied, and that he foresees
“more changes before the end of the
year."

D’A mate lobbied against aid cuts

By Colleen Deslaurler
STAFF WRITER

Outraged at what some people consider
to be “the most devastating blow to educa-
tional funding in years," ﬁve members of
Students Association‘s Student Action
Committee protested and lobbied at
United States Senator Al D’Amato’s
Albany ofﬁce Tuesday.

The protest was aimed at the Gramm-
Riidman amendment to the Debt-Ceiling
Act, which proposes to cut approximately
$180 billion from the national budget by
1991, which legislators hope will help
balance the Federal budget and crrt the
deficit. The cuts will come solely from
social service areas, which make up 24 per-
cent of the budget and funds donrestic pro-
grams for low- and middle-income
Americans.

Strident financial aid would be greatly
affected. I’cll grants are expected to he cut
by 15 percent. eliminating over 400,000
\ttttlcltls from this program. Srrpplcrrrcntnl
Iidrrcutiorrrrl Opportunity (irants (SIEOG)
.lllll tlrc t‘ollcgc \Vttl'lx-Sllltl)‘ program may
be cut by up to oil percent.

.\ proposed 43 percent cut in thc l‘rio
trrr.rncrrrl :tid proyrnrrrs which include Up
mud llound, Spccrrrl knives, and l‘ulcnt
\r'dtclr .rrrd the clrrrrrrrritiorr ol nll~120 Up-
\\.rrd llorrrrd prorects \\orrld also be cut by
this .tlllr'lltllllt‘lll according to tire t'orr
‘H'nxlttllrll llllrlr‘r'l otlrr'c

trrr.rr.rrrrr'r-d \trrdcrrt lrrtrtrs norrld dist!

'r ~rrl trx rlrrs .rrrrcrrdrnerrt, .rrrorrlrrrr' totlrt'
.rrrr. tr. uvrrltrrrl llrrrlr'r‘l (lllltr'
lkttrrw »:r..irltttt', \t‘tldl wcr’rrrm, .rrrrl
~t rrtt ‘r. rttllrrltdl tltl‘l .rrr .rII pro
.‘.~rrr Eltr‘ni‘ rill\
.i our wtdrrrl .rw ‘vllltlr'ltls
littlr’lli‘. \‘r l‘tllt'»t’lll
r-mrrv to lllr‘ .rirorrl ot
‘ l r:\ ll.rr1:rr.rtr, rlr,ttr
lion lrrll urrrrlrl r‘tr’di
lrr mittl
‘.‘r r .r 1lr.\l or. Hr rlrr»
rr. Hr, It‘lullt l'r-,t‘.l\\' rt|| ol
.|rr l‘l‘llll' till llltllL‘ Ul

 

“tilt, in ,rrlrlt'rl
t'rr: llrr‘lrrli'trl, .rtrrrlltr'l student \rlro

: ml. part rrr lllt‘ prort'ut sdltl, " l'lrc
\rrtcrtrlltrt'lrl rsrr‘t an attack on education.
lr'» ro lorth domestic spending. “me is
rcnertrl deficit cutting in all areas. Educa-
ion is inst one of the big chunks (being

 

 

Larry Hartman. Student Action chair
ll’orkirrg to pr r‘servc equal access.
cull."

Digtorgio said “education stands
separately from other things they (the
rzoycrlltrtctrtl are trying to cut, we should
proyrrlc opportunities for everyone. liy dc—
rr\rtrg thcsc funds, we are denying the
opportunity this country stands
tor " llrt‘ .rrncrrdrrrerrr “is a str'iixc against
t-rpml opportrrrrrrrcs for all 7 ideals that
our \1‘llllll\ “as both on," he said.

\rrr\ ixorct-rr, rr Student Association of
llrr' ‘sr.rtt- l‘rrncrsrtr (SASU) dclcgrttc,
.tt'!t't’rl. \.l\|llr.', “ I hurt (tltc government’s)
\1('\\ rs rirrrt .r strong rrrtlrtrrry will lend to it
sllUlll't'l \rncrrcu, My opinion is that an
t'tllltdlk‘tl .'\tllr‘l rctr rs the key to a strong till-
t,orr it people aren't educated. dcfcrrse
r-.n‘r going to get us anywhere.”

According to Korccrr, many students
will be unable to attend college if the
amendment is passed because of financial
difficulties. “Education is a basic furr-
damental thing and it should be a top
priori ty,” she said.

r'dtrdl

Hartman also said he believes that, “less 8mm 13 "010%

education means a less developed
America, for a larger defense budget. The
question I want to ask is does that really
make us the number one nation in the
world? I feel that cuts would be more ap-
propriate in the wasteful defense depart~
ment where fraud is prevalent."

Last Thursday, Koreen and SASU Presi-
dent Jane MacAlcvey both made
statements at a press conference concern-
ing the Gramm-Rudman Amendment.

Koreen expressed her outrage over these
proposed cuts, charging that they would
“dangerously affect the students ——
Anrerica’s backbone.”

In addition to Tuesday‘s protest, Stu-
dent Action Cornrnittee also carried out a
phone calling drive Wednesday in the
Campus Center, urging students 10 make
telephone calls to their Congressmen op-
posing the amendment.

Koreen said that the drive was “pretty
successful," explaining that three
telephones were set up in SA to call local
Congress members Gerald Solomon and
Samuel Straton. asking them not to ratify
the amendment.

“We have to let legislators know that we
are worried about the implications it (the
amendment) is going to have on educa-
tion," said Digiorgio.

The Senate approved and finalized the
(irarrrrrr-Rudrnann Bill on October 10 of
this year by a vote on 75-24, passing the
hill onto the House where it is currently be-
ing evaluated by rr conference committee.

Hartman explained that the telephone
calling and the letter-writing drives were
used due to the short notice of the intended
vote by the House of Representatives con-
fer'crrcc committee, which was supposed to
occur on Wednesday. However, the vote
has now been postponed to December 9.

According to a spokesperson for
D’Amaro. the Senator is in favor of the
bill and feels that it is time something was
done about the budget deficit. D’Amato
feels the bill should be passed because it
poses no immediate cuts —— but spreads the
money out over five years, said the aide.
However. the aide added that D'Amato is
in favor of the Guaranteed Student Loan
Program and wants to make sure the pro-

..........-----......t.

 

SA sets date,
place for rally
over keg ban

By Karen E. Beck
snrmnm. assrsmvr

Student Association is planning a
demonstration to protest University
Council’s recent decision to ban kegs
and beerballs from suites and rooms on
campus after December 1.

The demonstration is scheduled to
take place on Friday, November 22 star A
ting with a rally at the Campus Cente
fountain and then with a march to th:
Administration building.

The Student Advocacy and Rights
Coalition (SARC) held meetings last
Sunday and this Thursday night on the
issue. The decision to ban kegs was
made last Thursday.

“The turnout was incredible,” sait
SA President Steve Gawley. "Thi:.
policy is a week old and already, in two
meetings, we’ve had a total of 140 peo-
ple express their interest in the issue."

Thursday's meeting recruited
members from many on-campus
groups, including fraternities, athletes
and Quad Boards, to help inform other
students about next Friday’s rally.

In addition, a petition drive is
scheduled to begin this weekend. “We
are asking students how they feel," said
Gawley “and we are going to bring these
opinions, whether for or against the ban
on kegs, to Frank Pogue. I'm sure
students are opposed.” Pogue is Univer—
sity Vice President for Student Affairs,
and his ofﬁce is responsible for enforc-
ing the policy. '

A general letter to students from SA
which was distributed door-to—door and
on dinner lines said, “If we allow this
policy to exist, we allow the probing
eyes of the University to dictate how we
choose to live our own private lives
behind the closed doors of our suites.”

Student Action Chair Larry Hartman
said that he expects “a fairly large tur-
nout for the rally based on the
magnitude of the issue and the number
of people it effects." Student Action is
responsible in part for publicizing the
rally.

Hartman called the policy “silly” and
added that “it lets students consume
mass quantities of hard liquor but curbs
students' consumption of less alcoholic
beer."

SA Vice Presient Ross Abelow was
equally optimistic about the scheduled
rally.

“This could be the biggest demonstra-
tion in the history of the university,"
Abelow said. “This is one of the most
absurd policies ever to be formulated by
the administration," he added.

In addition to the petition drive and
the rally, SA is issuing a reaction paper
as a response to the ban on kegs in
rooms and strites, said Gawley. “This
will intelligently delineate our posi-
tion," he said.

“We have a focus now," said
Gawley. “President O’Lcary and Vice
President Pogue, as the administrators
charged with the enforcement of this
policy, must be convinced of its inequity
and its infeasability."

According to Gawley, there are two
problems posed by the policy. “First of
all, it places an unnecessary burden on
Resident Assistants, who already have a
tough job to begin with and whose
rcnurncration has not increased for the
past eleven years.”

“Increased responsibility and no iri-
crease in rcnumeration.” said Gawley
“is obviously the factor that contributes
to the declining number of students ap-
plying to be RAs."

Gawley added that SA is still waiting
for exact figures on the decline of
students applying for RA positions.

A second problem with the new
alcohol policy is it’s infringement on the

13>

 

 

 

 

