 

CONTENTS

  

 

EYEBEAM

A student's Clll'lflutl success.
by Byron [nursz 18

DEEP THOUGHTS
A detached retina ofthe mind.
byjack HI 'm/ey

ALLY Sl :‘EDY

Actress, author: coed.
by Harriet Morller 5
——_____

WORK WITH PASSION

Get the job you love.

by Bill Brmmstein 8
-——___
ROMANCING THE WARDROBE
S of? spring looks.

by Claim-France Perez 12
STEREO

Small units (Iv/Iver big sound.
by Winn L. Rosch

Give us your Best...
:1 Ill/lt’l‘sﬂllll is Firs! Annual
Sim/wt! Choice Auvmls 19

 

 

 

 

PUBLISHER

14.1mm- hut/limp“
EUITOFI-IN-CNIEF

Iltmn Mum-n

CREATIVE DIRECTOR

t hr]: [min

ART DIRECTORS

Illllll Nllllllll

Ilrlrll‘lllllr t In.

CIRCULATION SUPERVISOR
Amnmn- ltullllu

ASSISIANT TD "IE PUBLISHER
\mu 1 llllll'l

CONTRIBUTING EUIIDHS

mu ummnmu Ilml i Inuit-turn
1m 1mm Hltbdlll in. mum
(law luntu- I\'ll'l twin mu
ADVERTISING OFFICES

VP NAIIONAL SALES ll MAnKEtmu

I...” \mm‘lrr

DIiIEClOR or NArtONAL sues

an”. \hl-lrmnl

MIDWEST SALES MANAoen

nun“. ll Ivnlwluh

NEW rpm. in tuxmntnn Am , 'Jm Flt , ch . NY more.
(In) III-"Io. ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE. Nlchcllll lovatml,
Los ANGELEs. 1680 N vmu. Sullﬂ 900. Hollywood. CA
00023. [Mal «2.1115. Account ExzcunvE. Norma
Cnllbi. cmcmo. 152 w ltumn s: . cnlcnoo. lL scam.
lam tut-nu. ortnolr PuntlSNEn‘s REP. Mumn t
loohuy [lllju3-1101.ATLANVA numlsrlsws REPS.
Nail) Scllmlll. Stlun Mcuuuo. (out «two

c was Alnn \Wllun Publllhmg . umnnn m Alan Wollult
Communlcltlool. Inc . cmpumn otltm. two North Villa Still!
1100. Hollywood, CA 90020. ltmmni .l Kloul. lac-mm nnu
cnul Elvculwn elm: Jail uncut-y, Walloon! oi Slain and
Malkctlno. "Andy AcMo, Pllllﬂﬂtl ul nulanII Dmlopmunt
All uﬁhll lmma tnum bocottw um plupaliy oI 1M pubillhul
mu my to will“! yum-ml alwmu no lupomlmlliy lo:

unIuItCItld multuwllpll Fuhlll’wd Ioul tune- uullnu Ibo your
Annual unlucnpnnn ul. -. in no to emu. nutlmlpnonn It!
may change at ltklitlll, mn- Anwlnlxl, law North vlna,
Sum 00, Hollywood CA 00025

 

 

 

Illlumny/.llrm‘h [Uri-3, (llU/lt'lNl/II!’

  
      
 
 

IN ONE EAR
out THE

OTHER

BY JANE Y M/LSTEAD

ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE

he Beatles said it way back when,

and it seems like it‘s still true. Any-
way, it‘s what the majority of people
want out of a relationship. When Psy-
chology Today asked Its readers just
exactly what they (fill want out of same, a
whopping 53% of the 12,000 people who
responded Cast a solid vote for l-o-v—e.
Ctnnpanionshlp was next with 32% of
the vote, with romance (496), ﬁnancial
security (2%) and sex (1%) bringing up
tlte rear. 6% of those who sent back the
love ballot checked off oI/Jer as their
reason-lor-Iivlng within a relationship,
but F‘I‘ failed to fill us in on just what
they meant by that. We may be better off
not knowing.

ALL THE RIGHT MOVIES
llckers In production as we speak In-
clude Burt Reynolds' troubled Stick,
which Is rumored to be suffering from
that new Hollywood disease, Creative
Control; Mad Max 3 with Mel Gibson;
Nillimlul Linn/man's Vaculion in
Europe, Chevy Chase, Bev D'Angelo,
Dana Hill; Plenty with Melyl Streep and
Sting; I’ll/U Rider, Clint Eastwood and, oh
joy, not Sondra Locke but the incredible
Carrie Snodgress; Viola/x Art- Iiltw, Sissy
Spacek and Kevin Kline; ("I've Spin],
Glenn Close and Mandy Patinkin; Anna
Karenina starring Jackie Bisset and Chris
Reeve; and, of course, The (ioonivs,
which began production October 22, the
cast, at this point. still to be revealed.

IN ONE EYE AND
OUT THE OTHER

Magazine sales are down, and
here are a few stats just in case
you're interested. in 1984, paid circu-
lation forPemhouse dropped 7.3%,
Playboy 1.196, People .0296, 7Yme 1.996,-
and the National Enquirer 7.196. Even I
the national best Seller, the Readers“
Digest, slacked off 1.6%, leaving them
with only 18,299,091 readers (oniyt).
One of the few big books (that's what
they're Called in magbiz) to gain
readers (was second _In’ sales 7V

Oh, Main Oom Pall Pahl The
Shmongo Brothers (a.k.a. the
Happy Wanderers). of SC'I'V
lama, host The Last Polka, an
upcomlng HBO spacial. Yosh and
Stan Shmango, In real Illa. are
John Candy (Splash) and Eugene
Levy (Ghoslbustars).

CABLE GRIPES 81 GOINGS ON

he lit-home nets are really getting

into making their own product
whenever possible. HBO leads the pack
with their own productions, and has two
more in progress, both starring alumni
of the Second City comedy troupes. Sec—
ond City's 25”) Annitlwsmjy, filmed In
Chicago, will feature grads of both the
Chicago and Toronto arms, including Ed
Asner. Jim Belushi, Joe Flaherty, Rob-
ert Klein, Eugene Levy, Shelley Long, An-
drea Martin, Joe Piscopo, David Stein-
berg and Fred Willard. The .S'hmungc
lilo/hers: The 11m Polka stars John Candy
and Eugene Levy In roles they created
on the award-winning comedy series
SCIV. Look for both specials on HBO
in early '85.

LOVE, BABIES, AND THE
WHOLE DAMN THING

Prince Charles anti Princess Di seem

to be ever the proud parents
(sources at the palace say they're aiming
for four). but the future King of England
is "llorrified" at the hottest new com-
puter game on his home ground. Called

"Di's Baby." it's filled with ponies and wet

diapers (sorry, nappies) and It's boom-
lng in Britain! "’l'asteless," was the
l’rlnce's additional comment.

Ilollywood babies of late include Jef-
frey, born to actress Anne Archer and di-
rector 'l‘erry Jastrow. Iieau Bridges is a
daddy again, this time to son Dylan
Lloyd, named after Ills famous grand-
daddy. And. by the time yotl read this,
Amy Irving and Steven Spielberg, who
are expecting, may have received their
own llttle visitor.

Not exactly off tlte subject, the dis—

 

‘ G‘f‘devwlill an .0496, Increase. bang.-
. tns~titelrtotals up‘ Iqawhoppjng ‘3
17,275,451:  ~. ' _ n ,

 

covery of a protein hormone that regu-
lates fertility ltas what they're calling

"strong potential" for use In male and

female contrat-uptives. (Iallcd I-‘lil’ (fol-

 

STAMP CI: APPROVAL

March 011986 will mark the hun-
dreth birthday of the eldest of the
Marx Brothers, the piano-playing, girl-
chasing Chico. (Hence his nick name,
which Is pronounced not Chico as

In check. but as In chlck.) Plans are
already underway for a centennial cel-
ebration, spearheaded by, among oth-
ers, Paul G. Wesolowskl. By day, he Is
a senior auditor at one of the largest
accounting Ilrms In the world and by
night and weekends the publisher of
the Freedonia Gazette, published an-
nually on a not-lor-protlt basis, and

 

Ion: ' '

The eternally love-
bappy Marx Brothers
comedy team vies
for its own
(1.8. Govern-
ment stamp.

 

devoted to the Bros Marx. One of the
honors they're hoping for Is the issu-
ance ot a stamp honoring the famed
comedy trlo. When the we. Fields
stamps was proposed. his parsimoni-
ous estate required a royalty tor the
use of his likeness, but no such prob-
lems are anticipated here. Susan Marx,
Harpo's widow, loves the idea and
stated “not only wouldn't I charge

for the honor, I'd even buy my own
stamps." Chico’s daughter, Maxine
Marx, Ia equally enthusiastic. It you are

too, and want to help, send a legal-size

SAE to Fracdonia Gazette, Darien 28,
New Hope, PA 18930, and they'll tell
you how you can do just that.

 

Iicular regulatoty protein), it also delays
menopause and battles infertility, and is
about four years away from probable
use.

Anyone needing to brush up on their
“Love Skills" may be interested to hear
there‘s a 56-minute video cassette com-
Ing otlt In January '85 titled just that. It
stars l)r.Josh Golden, director of UCLA's
human sexuality program, along with

"five attractive couples."

Now, how's that for a thematic
grouping?

SUDS FROM THE SOAPS

f the Info that swung in via the Hol-
lywclrd grapevine is correct, Genie
Francis removed at'ottnd two hundred
thou front (fem-ml [Imp/III! coffers for
those few latest return scenes as Laura.
. . . Luke's doing all riqu for himself, too,
with his Int/lower ’lV-movic quite a suc-

 

 

t‘ess. . . .Jack Wagner who‘s Frisco otl (ill
looks to be doing ll Rick Springﬁeld and

 

 

 

has a hit disc titled “All I Need." 

Brian Patrick Clark, alias Grant Putnam
(among others), also on GH, ls putting
together and starring at a beneﬁt for a
paralyzed childhood friend back In his
hometown of Cleveland.

OUOTABLE QUOTES

.Mr. T. on his qualiﬁcations as 21 body-

guard: “Next to God, there is no
better protector titan i"  Gene Sim-
mons on being shorn for his Runaway
ﬁlm debut: "Appearing without makeup
hasn’t been as much of an adjustment as
walking around with very short hairl" . . .

IN THE WORKS AND
IN THE WIND

irtglng in the Ram will hit Broadway
next year, co-choreographed by
Marge Champion and Twyla Tharpe. 
More than 400 teenagers entered their
work In the Teen Film and Video Expo

in Los Angeles-—the top prize of #1000
went to David Zerenbo from Dearborn
Heights, Michigan for a 20-minute live-
action ﬁlm, The Popcorn Man  1,500
rock fans gathered in New York for the
4th annual College Media Journal Music
Marathon In October. Todd Rundgren
moderated panels on radio program-
ming and video, Lou Reed was induct-
ed into the Hall of Fame and Peter Wolf
of J. Geils was the keynote speaker.
 Richard Gere, who Ioathes photog-
raphers and does not mind pointing
this out when they commence snapping,
will play wanlme photog Robert Capa in
an upcoming ﬂick.  Dickensians take
heart: It looks like the play Nicholas
Nichlelzy will be returning to the States
for a much longer (14-month) many-city
run.  Back to the subject of cable
TV for a mo. Did you know that a
super-emotional attempt to censor cable
programs went down in ﬂames at the
Utah ballot boxes last November? 
Everyone seems to be talking about

Whoopi Goldberg and her one-woman

show in New York. Rumor has it she's

best bet for the lead In the ﬁlm of Alice

Walker‘s novel The Color Purple, also

that she's collaboratlng on an acting

project with Robin Williams and is soon

to be directed by Mike Nichols.  Syl-
vester Stallone is presently working on

Rambo: First Blood Par] II, and there are

already plans afoot for a third version. In

fact, so are plans to produce a major ﬁlm

each year with the character and theme

of First Blood. Words fail me, fortunately.
.. .What's all the Doonesbury ﬂap about?

The strip's distributor has demanded

that It be printed about one Inch wider

than other newspaper cartoons, giving as

their reason the fact that it uses more

words than most strips. Some papers are

balking, others are running the strip

regular size and storm clouds gather.

LOVE THE ONE YOU'RE WITH

Aoccot‘dlng to yet another Psychol-
gy Today survey, people who own
pets are more satisﬁed with their lives
than people who do not share those
lives with a dog, cat, ﬁsh, bird or other.
Compared to nonowners. people with
pets are also better off ﬁnancially, and
more likely to be married. Six out of ten
people love their pets dearly and feel
they are extremely important to them.
88% of the 13,000 persons who re-
sponded said that petting their pet
helped them relax. 7996 admitted that at
times, their pets were the closest Lom-
panions they had. Only one person In
six treated pets strictly as animals and

more than half of the pets sleep In the

same bed with a member of the family.
Personally, I'm very relieved to hear that.
Now I don't feel quite so crazy when I

murmur “move over, Max" In the mid-
dle of the night and happen to be talking

 

FAMOUS
NAMES
IN THE NEWS

Raymond Burr will re-star as Pe l
Mason, and not on the re-runs;
they're working on the deal for the TV
movie-pilot now  Same goes for The
Dirty Dozen: The Next Mission which
will re-unite orig stars Lee Marvin, Ernie
Borgnine and Richard Jaeckel (Larry Wil-
cox and Fred Williamson are new addi-
tions to the doz)  Peter Allen is work-
ing on another full-length entertainment,
this. one called Legs. Nope, not to be con-
fused with the Chorus Line movie. These
Legs belong to a Mr. Diamond, the fa-
mous gangster who was once a song 'n
dance man  Jane Fonda has been in-
ducted iltto the Video Hall of Fame 
National Association of Theatre Owners‘
stars of the year are Bill Murray and

 

Fania for Fonda: Now that shot
In tho Vldao Hall at Famo, por-
hapa It‘s time to acknowledge
La Fonda's I‘lno hat wordrobo.

Debra Winger. Michael Douglas
(Romancing Ihc Stone) was named pro-
ducer of the year and ivan Reitman
(Ghosllmslem) director.

 

BY JACK HANDEY
w _

u

 
   

 

 

ILLUBIM ION EV DIRK HAGNER

0! it is just 10 say, “No speaka English. "
that you have to gel a stench permit.

telephone.

and lady Vikings.

more weeks 0/ war

 

 

to a dachshund.

 

DEEP tltouttttts

No mailer ll they live in mud huls or @003 or grass shacks, people all over
the world wan! lhe same (hing: A new house.

ll they ever have to drag lhe river lor my body, i hope the hook doesn'l calch
on my pants and pull them down. How embarrassingl

When you die, ll you go somewhere where they ask you a bunch ol ques-
tions about your ﬁle and whal you learned and all, I lhink a good way to gel oui
If you're planning [0 have a battle with anolher army, lihink it should be a law

I wish i could go back in lime to Pompeii, so i could warn everyone about the

I be! when [hey weren‘t lighting, Vikings wllh horn helmets had lo slick
potatoes on (he ends 0/ the horns, so as l0 avord eye pokings to [allow Vikings

I be! I'/ the ground hog comes out and tiles to bile his shadow, it means six

Even though (hell ciwlizalion was
way ahead of ows, the aliens couldn’t
understand whal was so beaull/ul
abou/ two leenagers, their young
jaws wide open, French kissing in the
9/00er check-oul. lpily Ihese aliens.

Love is like an old hat, up in (he
closet. You put ii on, but hey, ll doesn't
Iii. Wail a minute! This isn’t my hall
This must be the ha! 0/ a man who
came lo see my wile! But I'm not
married. Whal is going on here?! Oh,
wait. There, now it Ills.

 

 

  

Febmary/Marcb 1985, Ampersand

  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  

5

 

