 
 

 
 

 

Wednesday March 13, 1985
Dear Dad,

Today was a milepost of sorts for me. After
four years of training in the tunnels under the
school, breathing the dust, dodging the seeming-
ly deaf pedestrians at full stride, and beating up
my joints on the‘concrete floor - lam done. To
day was my last tunnel workout.

Tom Kacandes

Not that i really love running intervals in the
tunnels. No. it's a standard topic of complaint
among my teammates and i, all of us “Tunnel
Rats" as we call ourselves. "The tunnels are hell"
we tell each other, just like older men roman-
ticizing the war. it’s a similar bond. A place
where we all sweat blood together, bound up
with memories of Coach Munsey muttering
"Hokay, lubbers. Pick it upl" as we skitter
around the corner like race cars out of control.

i ran a light workout by myself today and the
whole time ghosts wandered out from the dark
spots between the flourescents to run alongside
me. There was Beaver, Hound~Dog, C.J.,
Scratch. Howie. and Tony Ferretti. They were
all animals: the kind of guys you would have lik-
ed to have on your teamnback when you were
coaching. They taught me a lot. Like how to
deal with Coach Munsey:

(Freshman Year)

 

 

Heaven "Never listen to Coach or you'll go
crazy."

Me: "But he spat on me when we came aroundi
He said the lap split was slow."

C.I.: "That's just his way of encouraging you.
This is a good pace. You’re doing fine."

it was Beaver who carried me home the night 1
hurt myself with alcohol. CJ. showed me where
the bathroom was and cleaned up the n'essi left
on his couch. The tunnels remind me or iHem.

i told you that We decided not to compete in
outdoor track this year. l'm not fast enough to
run individual events outdoors and there's no
4x800 relay. so i can't contribute to the team of-

p. 

 

  
   

 
 

chance to make it happen before I retire.

races at Eastview Junior High and at the High

next to me no matter where l was on a t 5-
country course. Other guys would be looking
around and you were a quarter mile away. it
was always good to put in a surge while they
were confused.

in the tunnels, One lap around is about 1,090
meters. The "lapper" is the standard by which
Tunnel Rats are measured, so i ran one today. i
thought about you as l slammed around the cor-
ners, Dad. At full stride, the stripes of ﬂoures-
cent light ﬂash by fast enough so that with the
lack of oxygen and heat of the place everything
blurs and it gets a bit surreal. i called to mind
what you taught me about form, concentration,
relaxation, breathing.

 

 

 

fort as i did indoors. i am done. This weekend at
States will be my last college race. One last

Do you remember, Dad, back when l was
seven and you put me on the track for my first
race'il was thrilled. You remember the years of

School. Your big voice always put you 'right

 

 

 

  

 

 

March '22, 1955

 

  

i shifted gears around the back comer and
spun down the tunnel like a silver ball shot out
into a pinball machine. Going Into the dip. l
psyched myself up saying, ’Last time. kid, let's
jam iti’, but as l flew down the two-part bill, a
thought ricocheted away from the first: after
fourteen years, lam retiring.

Do you remember, Dad, when i was nearly
grown at fourteen? Your coaching and my ad
vanced maturity had kept me undefeated in the
half-mile for three years. "Just wait 'til high
school" another coach told me. "When you're
done growing, you're gonna break the State
record like your Daddy." i guess i shouldn’t
curse him so often because none of us knew i
was already grown. High school track was a
disappointment so big for both of us that i think
it alienated me from you somehow.

We moved farther apart during the Where‘s-'
Tommy-going-to—college mess that left me too
insecure to come out and tell you that l chose
Albany because the coaches at Georgetown and

  

 

.' 2'”:
Will
I t i‘

l
Illl

H ' .l'l

l

 

 

 

 

 

\ .r
\ .
\~
_7

 
 

 

  

31$

yComeli Weren't as enthusiastic as the admissions V

people. Munsey liked me. lcould make it
in Division iii. Another chance to make it hap-
 _that's"ail. l certainly didn't come here for
the architecture.

it wasn't until after two years of running ‘

without your voice beside me that i'came to
understand what you meant~ivhen you said,
"You only do it'for yourself; Tommy. no'one
else."'That next cross-country season, Coach
Munsey's .’Diaper Kids' qualified for the Na-

_ tional Championships and i was 'on the plane.

Five weeks later, i ripped my harnstring in an we
hibition meet. Three months after that, my in-
jured leg carried me through three tough races
to the Coaches' Runner-of-th . eet award. l’li

' be  have you there this- eekend, Dad,

because now i understand thaﬁgour approval
wasn't on the line - you just wanted to watch. me
do it for myself. ' » '  .- '

Mom told me that you might be retiring from
teaching after this year, after almost 30 years.
Do you have regrets as i do, Dad? l’m not put-
ting our two.retiréments on the same level, but
14 years of track is as big a anything i could
walk away from. Except for Boy Scouts, it's the
ﬁrst time i've retired from anything, but it is
time.

When i was coming up the other side of the
dip today, i thought about all the things i didn’t
accomplish in those years, all the mistakes i
made. it wn a ﬂash and then i put it away: only

'300 meters left. My kick’s better since high

school, Dad. My hips drop, my stride opens up,
and my hands come higher, faster, higher, faster,
until l feel the pressure in my temples and my
lungs bum red. 1 came around the last turn out
of control and smashed three ﬁngers trying to

'hold myself off a badly parked fork lift. My

form came back down the last hundred and i felt
pretty smooth letting up. across the line.

Today l ran my fastest iapper. ever, Dad. By
seven seconds.

Somehow, this all has a lot to do with gradua-

'tion. Half a semester left. One more chance.
Sometime after States this weekend, i'li have

time to think about failures and regrets. Next
week ['11 have time to sit down someplace and
cry, but not now: i've only got 300 left to go.

Silly human, silly human race.
Yours is no disgrace! _

   

 

 

March 22 &
Shows 7:30 &

 

2001:

A.

‘SPACE ,
ODYSSEY

LC 18

Fri. March 22nd Only!

Special Midnight

Fri. ﬁTat.

meets monster _

ERASERHEhpy-

     

23
10:00

man

     
   
   
  
  
   
  
  

1n

  
  
   
  

LC7

 

l

   
  
 
 
  

Showing

 

 

Mel Brooks’
BLAZING SADDLES

 

 

proceeds to Telethon

 

‘85 l

 
 

SA Funded

  

 

   

ichard and Linda Thompson were,
, R rather unfortunately, meet the

 

  
 
  
   
 
    
 

 

March 22, .1985)

best kept musical secrets of the past
ten years (Richard's Fairport Convention
days notwithstanding). The brilliant com-
bination of her clear, bittersweet soul style
counterpointng his dark-hearted vocals
and crisply rendered Stratocaster punctua-
tions sparkled silently through the seven-
ties. Unknown to the general populace,
they developed a strong cult following and
their half-dozen albums drew out an

unusual amount of appreciative ink from '

critical pens. The two parted ways both
musically and maritally in 1983 following
the release‘ of Shoot Out the Lights and
their first and only American tour.

Miké Eck

 

 

Across a Crowded Room is Richard's
fourth solo release (his first, Henry the
Human Fly, in 1972, featured Linda on
backing vocals). it is markedly more ac-
cessible than past projects, yet retains all

 

straddling the rail
of the UP escalator

ThQPS‘Ons 

 

 

  

stylistic trademarks; Thompson's fierce in‘
tegrity is plainly evident in all of his music.
The album starts off with his strongest
song in years - "When the Spell is Broken"
continues a tradition begun with the spine
tingling '"Caivary Cross" from the duo’s
first album, I Want to See the Bright Lights
Tonight. "You Don't Say", the single

’ release features clicky rhythms and a
melody reminiscent of the Police's "Man in
'a Suitcase." '

Pop and ballad alternate throughout,

creating a thoughful study in contrasts
‘ from the distant majesty of "Love in a
Faithless Country" to the celtic jump of the
horn heavy " Fire in the Engine Room” and
the reeling fashion conscious "Little Blue
Number". Although Thompson explores
no new ground (save the use of contemo
porary electronics), he expands his aural
vocabulary.. His trademark out-of-phase
Stratocaster, (so inﬂuential on guitarists
such as Mark Knopﬂer and Robbie Blunt)
plays cat and mouse with traditional
English and rock idioms- his rhythms are
complex and his solos both incisive and
thoughtful. He presents a challenge as the
antithesis of the standard axe-grinding
guitar hero. Thompson keenly understands
concepts of space and punctuation
avoiding the spastic histrionics of his
contemporaries.

The album closes with the'chilling and
atomospheric “Ghosts in the Wind". The
song is a good illustration of his fascination
with the darker side of human existence. it
evokes thoughts of being lost and frighten-
ed in‘ a vast English meadow on a moonlit
midnight - a feeling as much as an image.

One Clear Moment is Linda's first solo
album. Unlike her former spouse she has
decided to travel in a new direction. Her
crystal voice, certainly one of the sweetest

ll
i; .

1 .
Alllllli w .
l!lllllllllll 
llllllll 

she glided toward eye level
m“ ‘ ' of faces going DOWN

with krazy-glued shoes ‘
she fixed left foot to UP

thrust right leg over
slammed it DOWN

and waited .
as the strain of blue veins

begged distance to release red

pain seared up inseams

she smiled
envisioning the split—-

UP or DOWN?

she made a wish . ..

 

spirits

Solo

 

  
 

I] " Aspects 3a

 

sounds in rock music, is placed in a much
more contemporary setting.

Synthesizer ballads and occasional elec-
tronic rhythms update her folk approach
yet give the overall feel of mid-seventies
mellow rock. "Can't Stop The Girl" is the
most upbeat and accessible and bears little
resemblance to her work with Richard,-
some ballads, however, retain a somewhat

' silver on tracks such as "Hell, High Water.
and Heartache" and "One Clear Moment"
but is often not used to full advantage.
Without the strong direction and challenge
of Richard's songwriting and arranging.
Linda sometimes seems lost, unfocused.

Her mid tempo touchy soul suffers a bit
from her production which tries to gloss
over the grit that. made the duo's work so
appetizing. One Clear Moment is not a bad

 

ou heard it here first. R.E.M.’s new
Y album is scheduled for release on
May 4th and the title theatrics are so
Stipe-ish, it's hard not to laugh. According
to Cary Baker, National Publicity Director
for international Record Syndicate, the
cover is "psychedelic" in influence. As for
the title, Baker explains.” Picture this. The
top inch of the front cover reads Fables of
the. The top inch of the back cover reads
Reconstruction of_the._” Produced by 100
Boyd, who worked with the now divorced
Paul and Linda Thompson (of Fairport ‘
Convention fame), Fables contains, "Ten
songs, five of which are covers...ihe'five
covers are obscure and tentative at the mo-
ment." divulged Baker. One of the "ten-
tative" covers is‘a Pylon- tune (Pylon, now
disbanded, was one of Athens Georgia’s
map breakers along with The B-52's and
R.E.M.). ' j

The Mumk

i.R.S. Records. started by Miles
Copeland (brother, of Stewart Copeland of
The Police), has divested itself of A M
Records distribution as of the first quarter
of 1985. This doesn't m‘eanthat label bands
such as General Public, Let‘s Active and
The Lords of the New ’Church are in dire
straits. What it comes down to is that some
other company that can meet l.R.5.'s/
economic needs will be distributing the
label. The press release announcement was
a joint one, the split being most amicable.
The i.R.S. knack for signing up truly pro-
mising talent seems to keep on going.
Watch out_soon (Le. April 29) for a new
album by Three O'Clock, a California
psychedelic trance band that promisﬂ not
to strike out.
Twin Tone Records in Minneapolis
recently revealed the fact that The

 

 

 

similar feel. Her rich voice pours down like '

 

 

:hBluntedlg‘e

 

 

 

album: it is indeed very listenable,
however, with a previous knowledge of
her true abilities it does not excite the
necessary nerves. She is obviously trying
to stretch out and create her own musical
identity (therefore the occasional flashes of
Richard - like guitarwork seem like needed
reassurance; as do the Linda-styled backing
vocals of Across a Crowded Room) but it
will take more releases than One' Clear
Moment.

She needs to expand her vocablulary
and energize some of the slower numbers.
She has a feminine strength and subtlety
absent in Richard‘s work but without the
dynamic contrasts found in his best
material it is rendered inoffective.

in round-one of the Thompson's musical
boxing match Linda slugs away like a
trooper, but Richard's fast footwork and
savvy style give him the purse.

  
  

Vinyl notes

Replacements have been engaging in con-
tractuals with Sire Records. "it's a oO-odd
page bound contract and they're in the pro-
cess of reading it word by word now. With
those guys. it can take a while." says Twin
Tone Publicist Dave Ayers. The
Replacements’ latest musical venture is a
live cassette tape filled with covers that in-
clude songs by R.E.M. and X. When the
Shit Hits the Fan is a musical monster cur-
rently number 34 on the US. Rock in-
dependent chart. The buck doesn't stop
here. Ayers says that "The Replacements
are talking about studio work on an album
this spring." Plans for a fall release are on
the board.

A - Until~this Albanian Yankee makes it in

Queen Georgia's court (you’ll get the
punch in an April round of Aspects). have
a great vay-kay and please leave any com-
ments or suggestions about bands you’d
like to hear about on the message board
outside the ASP offices. First person to
write in will receive a copy of The Swimm-
ing Pool Q's LP courtesy of A M Records.

Cl

    

Mitch Enter

