 

Great Dane cagers

«Back Page
behind again, 26-22.

In the next ﬁve minutes, the Great Danes’ full court
press payed off again as Albany outscored Plattsburgh
15-0 to end the half, 37-26. The Dane scoring spree
started with Senior Co-captain Brian Kauppila scoring
one point from the free throw line, followed by a
Kilmer three-point shot, which has become his
trademark in SUNYAC competition so for this season,
tying the score at 26-26.

A minute later. Kilmer, standing a few feet from the
baseline in the exact same spot he had just fired
from,recieved a pass and buried another one, giving
the Danes a three-point edge.

Down at the other end, Guy Garrow was forced to
travel under heavy Dane pressure. On the ensuing
possesion, Albany’s Brett Axelrod passed to Ursprung,
who scored on a baseline jumper. Ursprung immediate-
ly stole the ball, passed to Kauppila and tapped in his
rebound to give the Danes a 33-26 lead. Kilmer and
Mracck each scored again to end the half, 37-26.

Plattsburgh had gone to the freethrow line three
times dttring this spurt, but failed to sink any. Albany
went 7-10 from the freethrow line, while the Cardinals
only made 3-8 in the half. ' '

Kilmer led the Duties with 14 half time points,
Mracek added ten to the effort. Ursprung followed up
with six. For the Cardinals, 6’3" Rudy Outlaw and
6'5" Mark McIntyre chipped in for eight a piece.

“We were running good," said point guard Cinquc,
who was scoreless in the first half. “li‘l don't have to
score, 1 don’t."

He added,“lt took us a while to get started."

In the second half, Albany broke out to an 18-point
lead, 49-31, with 14 minutes remaining in the game.
But the Danes didn’t have an easy time of it in the se-
cond half when three of there five starters got into foil
trouble. Sauers had to sit Axelrod, Cinque and
Ursprung.

"It is a problem,” said Sauers. “Our bench respond-
ed adequately. 1 always had Doug in and had either
Cinquc or Ursprung in. So we had 2 of the 3 of them in
there."

When the Cardinals cut the Danes’ advantage to
seven points with 9:30 remaining, Albany's lead didn‘t
look secure considering the foul trouble. With the score
ot 55-48 Cinque began to take charge on the court,
scoring from the free throw line, driving the baseline,
stealing of f the pass, and driving on a fast break to set

v‘ . ' s . . . . . 1 . . . , . .
‘ .  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 'El TUESDAY, DECEMBER ‘10, 1985

Albany back to a ten point 60-50 lead. _

“Cinquc was in on some big plays considering he on-
ly played 24 minutes," said Sauers. "He rose to the
occasion." ,

With roughly two minutes to go, Kauppila fed
Ursprung on a jam which put the Danes ahead 64-54.

“Ursprung was rebounding well," said Sauers. “He
had a couple of key hoops and key rebounds. The jam
is psychologically always a big play."

From then on the Danes kept the lead by sinking 6
out of 8 freethrows despite a final surge by the Car-
dinals. 5'10” Senior guard Joey Wright sank a three-
point in with a minute to go, his third three point ﬁeld
goal fo the game. That cut the Danes lead to 66-59.

In the ﬁnal second of the game, Jeff Kee fouled Guy
Garrow. The basket was good and he went to the foul-
line for another point. Moments later Garrow hit a
three-pointer at the buzzer but it wasn't enough, as
Albany won 72-65.

Had the game been a little closer, the three point play
would have played/a big role. Plattsburgh scored ﬁve
baskets from the bonus stripe while Albany only scored
twice from that range.

“It's an easier way to catch up then by fouling,” said
Plattsburgh head coach Norm Law.

"Theres another way for the other team to catch
up,” said Sauers.

Kilmer led the scoring for the Danes with 26 points
on 8-11 shooting from the field and 8-8 from the free-
throw line. He also shot 2-2 from the three-point zone
and logged four assists.

“Doug has come up through the ranks to get where
he is,” said Sauers. “His success is due to his own
work. He's been making the most of it."

Kilmer said, “When you’re shooting good, you
know you are, and you just want to get the ball.” He
added “The shots l’m making are actually in my nor-
mal range. Mine are just coming off the basic zone
offense.”

Kilmer, who was on the court for 36 minutes, felt
one reason he had the high scoring game was because
he played more than he usually does because the other
players where in foul trouble.

“I’m sure I’ll continue to shoot good, but I won't be
scoring 26 points very often. I went to the line 8 times.
Against Cortland I didn’t go once." said Kilmer. “It's
fun when you get to play 36 minutes."

Mracek followed in scoring with 16 points. Ursprung
had 12 and 12 rebounds, Cinquc trailed with 7, all in

 

 

the-second half. The point‘gua'rd leads the team in
assists .with a total of 31 .- ' ”

“He was due for a big game," said Sauers about
Mracek. “He really kept us in there in the ﬁrst half.”

Wright led the scoring for‘the Cardinals with 17
points. McIntyre followed with :13and Outlaw added
10. Garrow' had 8.

“We lost the game due to the press and our
carelessness," concluded Law. “We really got
ourselves in trouble the last seven minutes of the ﬁrst
half. I thought we handled the press well for a while.”

“We played well in spurts,” said Ursprung adding
“They were tough." .

Cinque said, "They hung tough. It was a good win
on the road for us.” .

“They showed what they were made out of,” said
Sauers.

“The defense won it for us again, that full court
pressure," said Mracek. “I can’t believe how well it’s
working.” -

The Danes are 4-0 and faced New Paltz last night in
University Gym at press time. They host Skidmore on
Wed. at 8:00 p.m. and Hartwick on Sat. at 8:00 pm. in
University Gym. ’ El

I

Last night’s boxscore
Albany 86
Cinque 4 l 9; Ursprung 7 2 16; Kilmer 7 0 15; Kauppila‘
6 3 l6; Axelrod 3 0 6; Mracek 4 l 9; Dickens 1 1 3;
Teague 6 0 12; Goodcmote 0 0 0; O'Connell 0 0 0;
McGuire 0 0 0.
New Paltz 78
White 1 l 3; Tyree 5 010; Hayward 4 210;Cisso|m 4 3
11; Bowe 12 6 30; Cunningham 0 0 0; Fitzpatrick 5 O
10; McMahon l 0 2; Towers 1 0 2; Kendall 0 0 0.
Halftime: Albany 43 New Paltz 40 _
Three-point goals: Albany: Kaupplla, Kilmer.

 

 

Albany State wrestlers
<Baek Page

Tironi recorded the most falls of the match in the
shortest amount of time, getting three in 7:58.

“We’re getting better," said DeMeo. “We're making
progress. At this point I don’t know where we are in the
national rankings, but then nothing really matters until
the nationals in‘March."

The Danes will face Oswego and MT at Oswego on
Saturday. El

 

INTERESTED IN
SOCIAL WORK?

 

 

 

 

 

work courses.

An interest meeting for all students
will be held THU RSDAY, January
30, 1986, on LILB 95 from
4:00-7:00. Jan Hagen, Chair,

U ndergraduate Social Welfare Pro-
gram. will be available to talk with ﬁgifﬁe‘ioiznéi’ﬁkcimii2.5.3.3555:“inplenty°f5paceavaﬂablmr' J
you about the profession and social 1

opportunities.

 

 

¥

( CAMP DIPPIKILL
WINTER BREAK I

Downhill and cross country skiing. snowshoeing. ice skating or just sit-
ting around the fire; thats what Dippikill is all about. Our Student
Association owned Camp is a vast 840 acres tract of forest land clotted ’/
with rustic cabins and lodges located only 10 miles from Gore Mtn Ski
Center and 13 miles north of Lake George Village, Open every day of the
year. the Camp has seven buildings with capacities from 4 to 25. all
winterized and maintained for overnight or longer stays. Snowshoes are
available at the Camp to use on its seven miles of well marked trails (five
miles of which are cross country 'skiable). When snow conditions permit.
Dippikill Pond's 50 acre surface provides unsurpassed ice skating

For further detailed information. a complete description of each cabin I
and lodge and for making reservations: just visit the Student Association

v‘

J

 

 

 

 

 

Applications for the social welfare
major will be avialble at the
meeting. Applications may also be
obtained in U LB 95 , Richardson
105. on by calling 442-5321. The
application deadline is March 1.

 

 

Hagen at 442-5336.

 

For further information.

Call Dr.

Application:
Deadline:

 

 

 

 

SUMMER 1038 AT SUNYA
ORIENTATION 1986
it you desire a most rewarding summer job experience,
please read on:

Orientation Assistants(O.A.) Student Assistants (5.11.)

U ndergraduates who will be enrolled at 80 N YA in the
Fall Semester 1986

O.A,: - excellent communication and leadership skills;
able to build rapport quickly

S.A.: - excellent interpersonal and organizational skills;
of fice, clerical, computer experience desirable

June to Mid-August. 1986
Avaiable NOW in AD 153
February 28. 1986
interest Meeting: February 5. 1986; 7:00 pm. in LC 20
Salary plus room and weekday meals

Positions

Eligibility

Qualifications

Dates .

 

 

 

 

 - av -. . . 

. - my... whim, u. : pg. ;._..,A;

Wt". 790.; My, ,, how-,7-

By Rachel Braslow

and DaVe Blette

In what head coach Mari Warner termed
as “a sloppy game" the Albany State
women’s basketball team came away with
a narrow victory against Plattsburgh State
this past Saturday.

Facing a young Plattsburgh team
Albany squeaked out a 64-61 victory to up
their record to 3-2.

Traveling to Plattsburgh, the Danes
were expected to dominate the small, inex-
perienced team, but mistakes and mental
errors by the Danes gave Plattsburgh the
opportunity to make the game close at the
buzzer.

Two reasons for the sloppy play were
the absences of guards Rainny Lesane and
Donna Hughes due to injury.

The game started off smoothly as the
Danes built up to a 7-8 point lead through
much of the first half. With about four
minutes left in the half the Danes moved
up to a 10 point lead, as lead scorer Diane
Fernandes (16 points) hit one half of a two
shot foul.

 

 ‘TUESDAY,‘:DECEMBER‘10. 1985-.E1- A'EBANX’STUDENTfRESS. spans 19 '

Women-cagers hold off Cardinals’ rally, 64-61

Following this peak though, Albany fell
apart as Plattsburgh scored seven
unanswered points. With more than a
minute left Plattsburgh player Donna Dix-
on scored the last two points of the half to
make the score 32-29 at the half.

Coming out of the locker room for the
second half, the Danes started to move the
ball better and began to build up another
lead.

Lead by the strong play of Junior Chris
LaBombard (16 points 5 rebounds), cap-
tain Lori Bayba (11 points) and Fer-
nandez, the Danes held the lead up to
around 12 points for most of the half.

‘ The Danes were not able to hold on to
this big lead until the end though. With
2:03 Albany led by 13 points. In thirty
seconds that lead collapsed to seven

points. due to three costly Albany tur-V

novers. Plattsburgh kept the pressure on as
Terri Jo Cornwrighl and Denise Simard
cut the Albany lead to three points.
Albany held on to win though as Diane
Fernandes scored with 20 seconds left to
finalize the score at 64-61.
In the last two minutes of the game Plat-

Dane skaters show two

By Lisa Jackel

STAFF WRITER
Whatever the Mr. Hyde-inducing potion

was that the Albany State Hockey Club.

took before Friday nightfs .7-6 loss to
Mohawk Valley Community College, its
effects couldn’t linger long enough to pre-
vent them from reverting back to a team
error-free Dr. Jekylls for Sunday’s 6-3 pas-
ieing of Marist. ._ .

The Danes couldn’t seem to- get it,
together against Mohawk Valley, playing a
very disorganized gamc.. . , .

“it was a sloppy game both offensively
and defensively. We were caught out of
position, giving Mohawk many scoring op-
portunities," said Dane head coach Bruce
Pomakoy. ‘

The Danes surrendered two sltort-
handed goals in the second period during
the rare occasions that they weren‘t a man
down themselves. “We were in the penalty
box far too many times, and two players
were thrown out of the game for miscon-
duct; you can’t play a game short,”
Pomakoy added.

Despite giving up seven goals, Jim
Leskody played a strong game in net. "If it
wasn’t for Jim, we would have been beaten
by a lot more,” said Pomakoy.

The Albany State goals were scored by
Dave Dalbeck, Mike Mondiello, Rich
Diem and Paul Essner.

When the Danes faced Marist Sunday. a
different team took the ice than the
mistake-prone squad that lost to Mohawk
Valley.

“Sunday's game was like night and day
compared to Friday's; we played like a
totally different team," said Pomakoy.

Albany initiated a controlled ag-
greslveness right from the opening f ace-of f
against Marist and continued to maintain
it throughout the game. The puck stayed in
Marist's end of the rink most of the game,

and Albany State had twice as many shots
on goal.

“We played our positions anti were only
in the penalty box two times dttring the eti-
tire game," said Pomakoy.

The defense played a solid game, allow-
ing the fowards to concentrate on their of-
fensive duties. v

The Danes only had four dcfenscmen to

. work-with due to Billy Abrams' injurey

and Eric Hernandez replacing graduating

. Essner in the foward line. Jeff Murray and

Larry Maclear also played solidly in the
other shift.

Right Wing Dalbcck scored the first gpal
for Albany State in the first period with a
low slapshot, beating the Marist goalie on
the stick side. Marist evened the score, 1-1,
at the end of the period.

Center Diem scored in the second period
on a power play, skating around the
Marist net and lifting a quick wrist shot for
the goal. '

DanEsler upped the Dane lead to 3-1
when he scored on an assist from Leskody,
playing at right wing. Esler skated in on
the Marist net, put the puck on his
backhand, causing the goalie to over com-
mit, and went back to the forehand for the
easy open-netter.

Albany State extended their lead to 4-1
when Dalbeck rushed in on the Marist
goalie from the right and found Mondiello
open on the other side of the crease. Mon-
diello easily put the puck into the vacated
left side of the net.

Marist managed to Score a goal, bring-
ing the score to 4-2 at the end of the second
period.

John Franz scored on a break away,
boosting the score to 5-2 in the third
period.

Diem rounded out the scoring with his
second goal of the game on an assist from
Franz.

 

 

Wed., Dec. 11

Sat., Dec. 14

 

Take a close look at
Albany State basketball

. Upcoming home games:

Women vs. Castleton, 6pm
Men vs. Skidmore, 8pm

Women vs. Oneonta, 6pm
Men vs. Hartwick, 8pm

tsburgh scored 12 points to Albany’s two.
“it was not one of the better ball
games," said Warner. “I'm not convinced
. we were motivated and up for that game.
With games like this and teams ahead on
the road, we have to be cautious of.”
Too many errors forced Albany to lose
control of the ball in the second half. In
addition the Danes did not convert well on
fouls. Albany was 16 for 29, averageing 35
percent from the line. The Cardinals went
11 for 17 averaging 65 percent. Foul
shooting will be a main target at practice
according to Warner.

Forward Lori Bayba was 3-3 from the
line. Guard Chris La Bombard went 2 for
6

The Cardinals, fresh'off a 68-54 win
over Potsdam, are a young team. With on-
ly one junior. they lacked in both ex-
perience and height.

Plattsburgh’s Coach Phoebe Sturm
said, “1 always know Albany is going to be
tough." She added, “When we meet the
Albany’s of the world, we grow a little bit
each time." D

 

 

Sophomore Donna Hughes.

faces in weekend split

Titn Ruggerio was solid in net, and
freshmen Scott Ely, Esler, and Dalbeck
put forth strong efforts.

“It was a good confidence builder for
them, and they really helpcd the team
out,” said l’omakoy.

“Except for the game against Mohawk
Valley, we have shown a good progression
of improvement throughout the season.
Marist has been our best game yet,” added
Pomakoy. ,

The efforts of Essner. team President,
and Scott Janicola will be missed as they
played their last game Friday, dttc to
graduation. Essner. often referred to as
Director of TeamOperations, did a lot of
work for the team, organizing the games

and breaking Albany State into the Divi-
sion 11 league.

“Essner has had a good season, scoring
four goals in five games and also coming
yp with several assists," said Pomakoy.
“He scored more this half season than he
did all season last year.“

Mike Cavanaugh will play on the Diem-
Franz line to pick up the slack from
Essner‘s departure.

The Danes are going to have to rest tip
over winter recess, as next semester they
start with eight games in four weeks, the
majority of them away. The Danes will be
coming up a week early to practice and are
looking forward to the return of Abrams
to the line-up.

 

By Karen Davis

The Albany State Gymnastics team
returns for the 1985-86 season with
possibly the strongest team in their
history.

The addition of a new coach and
some very strong and experienced
freshmen will augment the success of
last season (9-3). The returning Danes
should finish the picture of success with
an even better season this year.

The core of the team will be the retur-
ning veterans. Four juniors and two
seniors will provide an experienced and
stable scoring base for the Danes.
Junior Captain Sue Leskowitz (Port Jef-
ferson Station), last season's vaulting
powerhouse, is very optimistic about the
upcoming season. She is very excited
about the experience of everyone on the
team and hopes for great things.

Seniors Brenda Armstrong (Alta-
mont) and Karen Bailey (Syracuse) will
be returning as two of Albany's all-
arounders. High scores and consistent
performances from these girls will play
an important role in the Danes“ success.
Juniors Nora Bellantoni (Port
Chester), Leslie Sleckel (Brewster), and
Terri Sokol (Long Beach) will be key to
he uncvcn paralch hnr squad. This
event is all three girls' specialty.
Stcckcl's strength on the bars will prove
particularly profitable to the Danes and
she will join the vaulting team as well.
liclluntonl also performs on the floor
exercise. Sokol, who was very strong on
the vault for Albany last season, will
return to the team with strong perfor-
mances on bars as well.

Sophomores Jen Seskin (New Hyde

 

 

Park) and Karen Vlasuty (Ardslcy) will
ec muclt action this season. Seskln hns

 

Gymnasts get new coach

sltown tremendous improvement.
especially on the uneven bars. Vlasaty is
coming offa broken leg she sustained in
pre-season training. She vaulted for
Albany last season and rounds out the
roster of returning Danes. ,

The freshmen are Missy Livent
(Syracuse), Stacy Hirsch (Huntington),
Barbara Tiess (Centercach), Theresa
Barracoto (Queens), and Mary Beth
Lahm and Cindy Cleary (Hicksville). Li-
vent and Tiess will see a lot of action this
season. Livent is a former United States
Gymnastics Federation gymnast, with
good style and experience. Tiess, who
will be strong in the floor exercise and
the balance beam, will also contribute to
the Danes' overall success this season.

The tnost dramatic change to the team
is their new coach, Tom Fuirmercllo.
The complete structure and attitude of
the team has shifted drastically. The
team's first scrimmage on December 51h
was against West Point. Although it was
an unimpressive win, Coach Fuirmercllo
was optimistic. l-le referred to the team
as "...having great potential. There is
no reason why this team can‘t score well
into the 160s." Albany‘s team record 13
158.10.

Their schedule will demand high
scores on the part of the gymnasts.
lthaca. Connecticut College and the
University of Vermont are Division 1
teams on Albany's schedule. Last
season, Connecticut Collcgc just edged
out the Danes for third place in the
ECAC Championships behind first
place Ithaca. The Dancs' season opener
will be at the prestigious Springfield 1n-
vitational on January 18th. The homc
opener is‘on January 22 against Smith
College. 1 fl

 

 

