 

  

SA trans cript

By all measures so far, it’s been a somewhat
unusual year for our student government. The inter-
nal squabbles. name—calling games with the mayor.
and petty politics that have plagued Student Associa-
tions of the past have apparently disappereared this
year.

Replacing these difficulties are several new pro-
blems and obstacles. But more notably. there have
been a sizable number of successes' and ac-
complishments that bring new life and credibility to
our Student Association.

At the top is President Steve Gawlcy. who has suc-
cessfully brought back student activism as a tool for
increasing student involvement and keeping ad—
ministrators on their toes.

Gawley's introduction of the Student Rights and
Advocacy Coalition (SARC). which is used to keep
large numbers of students up-to-date on the issues
and can be used to call these students into action at
anytime. is probably his greatest contribution to SA.
He’s already made minor use of the network to en-
sure a good turnout for an open meeting of the Im-
plementation of 2! task force. which later recom-
mended that bulk containers be allowed in suite
rooms.

In addition, he's initiated a suit against the grouper
law. which at the very least. has stalled the city’s at-
tempts at enforcement. until the end of this semester.
and he‘s established good relations with local com-
munity groups that may prove to be valuable in the
future.

Despite working on of f-campus concerns. Gawley
(and all of SA) have been heavily quad oriented in
their efforts to reach students for activism and pro-
gramming purposes. SARC lacks any substantial off-
campus participation. and much of SA’s publicity
relies on door-to-door dorm sweeps on all five quads.
There's no excuse for the half-hearted attempts SA
has made to rectify this situation. They’d certainly
demand a better effort from the administration.

Gawley's other fault has been in drawing his ex-
ecutives into his own issues. and away from their own
individual duties. SA Media Director Doug Tuttle for
example. cites his work in Gawley’s office as his
“most valuable contribution” this year.

As useful as he may have been to Gawley. Tuttle
should be directing almost all of his energies to his
own ofﬁce. not Gawley's. Perhaps ifhe did. The Stu-
dent Voice could return to its every-otherThursday
production schedule. Changing publication dates to
suit the issues is bad for any kind of newspapers’
credibility.

Tuttle has. however. made some long-needed
changes in his own ofﬁce. He‘s restructured it from a
compostion service into a media office and he’s
transformed the Student Voice into a viable campus
publication. He also deserves much of the credit for
the ‘good press‘ SA got during the summer and
throughout the semester.

Unfortunately. he hasn’t been nearly as effective in
utilizing the student press. His efforts to keep the
ASP up-to-date on the positive projects SA is work-
ing on have not taken full advantage of our
resources.

Tuttle. as with most of SA. has been quad
oriented. deliveriring The Voice under every door on-
campus. but until recently. making almost no effort
to get copies to off-campus students. This could be
easily rectified by compiling an off~campus mailing
list taken from the student directory. it might be
somewhat costly. but SA officials say The Voice is
turning a profit this semester.

Minority Affairs Coordinator Paco Duarte. has.
like Tuttle. restructured his ofﬁce. He began the year
phenomenally. by hosting a well-attended statewide
divestment rally. Since then. he's worked on several
projects. but we have yet to see results. He appears to
have bogged himself down in too many good ideas.
The previous coordinators also struggled with this
probletn due to the office's somewhat ambiguous
role. Durirte has already outdone his predecessors.
but he still needs to pick not more than three pro-
jects. and then see them through.

As programming director. Bette Ginsberg is doing
a fine job. working to create non-alcoholic program-
ming and reviewing programs that were successful at
other schools. We‘re withholding judgement on
(iinsherg's overall efforts. since her office's major
events urc scheduled for the spring semester.

Controller Eric Scltwurtztnan. hits done a good job
so far. He hasn't been markedly innovative yet. but
he's doing a solid job.

And finally we get to Vice-President Ross Abelow.
who is. according to one SA executive.the “jack-of-
ull-trndcs" or the “glue” holding SA together this
year. There is probably sortie truth to this. but even

continued on nexl page

 

 

 

 
 

 

tellalie...
31%?“
g

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

What’s Happening Now?

Many questions remain unsolved, or is it un-attractive
to politcians and journalists of late.

An administration-related informant had disclosed
evidence to the Washington Post that President
Reagan has personally “sanctioned” a CIA sponsored
Clandestine Operation aimed at assassinating Colonel
Muhamal Quadafﬁ of Libya. '

i Fred Tabaracci

Earlier this month another issue was place in question
also: The administration has officially requested 53
million dollars from Congress for Central America. A
large portion designated for El Salvador to increase anti-
terrorism activities. But still a large proportion is slated to
combat Nicaraguan Communist inspired subversion in
Guatemala. Costa Rica. Panama. and Honduras. Quite
obviously this massive inﬂux of U.S. aide will significant-
ly aide and strengthen pro-U.S. factions ﬁghting war with
Nicaragua.

In the Phillipines. concurrent news occurs: President
Ferdinano Marcos has conceded to elections on Jan. 17.
(hence moved up to March campaign). and the Ad-
ministration's cabinet dept’s release of a “major”
research investigation of maintenance and security condi-
tions at Clark Air Base and Subic Bay Naval Base in the
Phillipines.

The report points out many very important issues con-
cerning the future of these two U.S. military installations
in the South Paciﬁc. Strategically the bases account for
security of the Indian and South Paciﬁc. strategic and
security surveillance of Vietnam. China. USSR. and are
the two largest U.S. bases. outside U.S. territory, in the
world. The consequences of having to move these bases in
1991 because of:

Lincreased communism in Phillipines causing
Phillipines. (either Marco's gov’t or potential new op-
position gov't) increased dissatisfaction with U.S.
relations.

2.The cost to move bases start at 8 billion. The conse-
quences are unconscienable if America has lost the sup-
port and eommittment of the Phillipines in maintaining
stability in a violent revolutionary-inspired region.

3.Lastly. the defection of a triad of Soviets. all who
subsequently return to the USSR has generated barely a
“brow-beating” by politicians and a usually skeptical
media. Such a failure would typically create resignations.
cat-calls. staff re-organizations at the departments
involved.

Alas. could it be that the tip-coming Geneva Summit is
really that important to everybody.

Usually the Democrats. ambitious left leaning
Republicans. and tion-public private gov't sponsored
civic rights. human rights. and policy research institu-
tions...Again let‘s not forget the networks and press.
would have focused on the above events furiously. Even
to the point special report bulletins would have been
announced.

The potential to gain points with the public over the
“Qundufi Sanction" was very high. but for some strange
reason Americas lending Liberals hardly took a double-
take.

 

 

The anti-defense spending establishment could right
now be ripping Reagan to shreds surrounding the nasty

dilema and possible consequences over in the Phillipines.
Instead the Administration didn't get two days of front
page column in the major papers.

Ironically. a statement by a leading Phillipino opposi-
tion candidate that he is skeptical if the question of re-
taining U.S. bases was put to a nationwide referendum-it
would likely be voted down, cause not as much as a
headline on page l0. or a comment after the sports scores
on T.V.

Ah. but the kicker is Central America and the possibili~
ty of an influx of 50 million plus dollars into the region
that will ultimately go to “buying us political support" in
order to strengthen the administrations hand against
Nicaragua.

The opportunity for supporters against Reagans policy
in the region to slander and dennigrate the administra-
tions policy was absolutely “wide open" for debate. But.
the debate either is closed or on the backburner.

Now then. I have no concern to suggest any pro's or
con's about the issues, it just seems that these issues are of
headline essence, and but not for Geneva. everything is
simply a blubb of rhetoric. or something.

Quite obviously. these issues are not at all to be deemed
signiﬁcant anyway. I don’t write headlines. I just observe
progress. staiemates. and blunders. 1

Nevertheless. it is curious to note how almost all issues
appear non-existent to the typical Washington-based

politician. Indeed the atmosphere on Capitol Hill appears .

so quiet you could hear a pen-drop in the Senate. (and
since the Senate debates are closed to T.V. etc.. that pen
is making a loud noise)!

So I guess I’ll start doing like all the noted reporters
and journalists are doing.
-One-Revive acquaintences in the State Dept.. Congress.
and Whitehouse. in order to naildown someone for pro'
and con' criticism of the Summit.
-Two-P|an well in advance to make certain I get the best
accomodations possible in Geneva, (the places where my
acquaintences will be staying of course).
-Three-Buy a La’Rousse dictionary on how to speak Rus-
sian in a fortnight. ‘ v
-Four-Reati up and research the history and quotes of
past summits so I can generate comparison and contrast
to my reports.
-Five-Equip myself with a library of quotes and
statements made by Reagan and his administration so I
can call attention to the likely policy switches that occur
in Geneva.
Six-Buy a good break-down bicycle. with snow tires.
since the likelyhood of getting in a cab with a Soviet Aide.
so I can quiz in Russian. is virtually non-existent by now.
~Seven-Make sure to pack at least three “phone out of
order stickers" that are like those in Geneva so I have a
phone to call in my scoop of the century.
Eight-Pack an umbrella and guloshes in case it rains.
~NineuGo to library and see what are the popular movies.
records. and plays in Moscow and read up on them in
case I meet a Russian who is not in a taxi-cab.
-Ten-Go to library and see what are the popular movies.
records. and plays in Washington and read up on them in
case I see all ucquaintence while pedaling to work in
Geneva.
-Eleven...Twelve...'I‘hirteen...
-...Nlnetynlne-Where is Geneva anyhow I need to buy the
train tickets. U

 

 
 

«~-4.~sr»‘~~r

 

SINYA gives blood

To the Editor:

'The students at SUNYA are always involved with one
“cause” or another— whether it be protesting apartheid.
the Grouper Law, or even the ban on kegs in the dorms.
There are always two sides to every issue such as these,
and students are often faced with making tough decisions
about real-life problems.

Yet, students at SUNYA are also involved with one
cause that is completely "one-sided”—giving blood!

The Albany Area Chapter of the American Red Cross.
in conjunction with various sponsoring organizations.
have held extremely successful bloodmobiles right on
campus. .

Donating blood is a “one-sided issue" because it can b
seen as a positive occurance by members of every interest
group. Donating blood saves lives— and what could be
bad about that? .

Two school fraternities, Tau Kappa Epsilon and Delta
Sigma Pi. as well as the Alumni Quad Board, must be
commended for their outstanding efforts with blood-
mobiles earlier this semester. The next American Red
Cross bloodmobile will be in the Campus Center on
Wednesday. December 4th. 1985.

Isn’t it nice toknow that in this world of chaos and com
fusion that something good is going on? Thanks SUNYA
students— keep up the good work!

-- Jeanne Kardash. APC
SUNYA Blood Services Rep.

'lhanks for Working

To the Editor:

On behalf of Alumni Quad's Alden Hal! Resident
Assistants I wish to thank all those people and organiza-
tions that worked together to make Walkathon ‘85 a suc-
cess. Those who walked had gotten over one thousand
dollars inpledges which will all be donated to the Disabled
Student Van Fund. I would speciﬁcally like to thank Ir-
win Weinstein. co-chair of the task force and Nancy

 

 

_ Elllblllhod In 1510
Heidi J. Grolll, Editor In Cit/cl
noon cttong. Jouptt Fuaoo. Managing Edltore

 

Nowl Editor:

llcla Clmborl. Jun" O‘Sulllvon
Associate More Editor. .... ..P

am Conway. Bill Jacob
llono Wolnatoln

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Poole Fm" “mm Ginsberg
Anoollto Ashen Editor .......................................................... ..ion Spelling
ﬂu.” Falllm Mlnhn‘l Eek

Sports Editor ‘M-"M Salter
Associate Sport- Edltor ....................................................... ..Mlko MacAdIm
.. “ “Are Barman

Editorial IL.“- Fﬂlln' . Barrios

Minority Altair. Editor ................................................................... ..E. Poul Stow-rt

John Keenan. Senior Editor

Contributing Editor: Donn Botz. David L.L. Lukln. Wayne Pooroboom
Editorial Ant-tents: Karen E. Book. Rachel arulow. Kori Dornbaum. Bette
Dumbo. Brenda Schuttar Preview Editor: Pam Sonnet-"nan amt wrttoru:
Ollvlu Abel. Jim Avery. Reno Baotou. Dave Blotto. Lullo Chllt. Ethan Chuln.
Ion Clements. Andro- Coraon. Mlko Donn-nutty. Colloon Dost-urlcr. Scott
Eleonthll. Cathy Errlg. More Fonton. Llndo Grunberg. Llu Jackal. David
Kano. Stacey Korn. Mellau Knoll. Mark Kobrlnoky. Corey Lovitan. Caryn
Mluko. stove Rupl. Lln Rluolo. Peter Sande. Marlo SIMICI’OOI. David
Sodding. Koren Schlomy. Rlok Swanson. Mlohul Skolnlok. Jim Thompson.
Angelina Wang. Evan Walnut-n. Frank Vunker

Hugh moonlit-I. Buslnua Manager
Stephanie Salton-in. Assoc/ale Business Manager
Mauro Koliott. Joell Midtorutry. Advorllalng Men-gore
Dan Ftolctlor. Sales Manager

nun... Amy Sltbnr
.3 u I n ..

 

- r u-

_ Inm- Bolrnl. Tracie Paul
Advent-Mg lot“: Karon Arnltcr. Frank Colo. Cunrny Dlvlngllo. Drew Fung.
Rlon tht. Mlchlllo Pllltl. Donna Schroer Advortlllng Production: Grog
Bohmndt. Bot-y Borrnlli. Ellun Chen. JIII Gontlla. Alyu Mugotln. Annette
Muller. Sharon Rood. Erie Roth. Pun Shoplro. Roxanna Tmmbloy Otltoo sum
Liu Blohlor. Jonnltor Chm-loo

Kiroton Crtot. atovon Ftthony. Auoclote Production Mon-acre

cm“ Tmlm In-nnlnn mmuno
Typtltoz Laure Bolmo. Linda Ghleoctor. Sol D‘Amato. Junnlno Fclgonbaum.
Grace Flood. Troolo Poul. Inga aodloveity. Porn Slrlubor Polio-up: Chrla Col-
eman. Nancy Cromon. E. Phlilip Hoover. Todd Lobe. Heather Sanunor. Amy
BIIbor. D. Darrot Blot. MD. Thomplnn Chauttourx Jlrn Lolly

Photography principally Iuppilod by Unlvmlly Photo Service. I Itudonl

min-own Klnny Kirsch on son: Michael Aokorrnun. Shari Albert.
Myrna Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Draltuo. Chuck Ginsberg. Ezra eror. Mark
Meal-villa. Llo- Blmrnonl. Linn... Sporting. Erica splogol. Tanya Steele. Clthy
strand. Howard Tygar. Mark Voclrolli

Inth oontonto copyright rue Albany Student Pro-o Corporlllon. all right.

ro

The Albany Student Pro" II publllllld Tuesdays and Friday: between
August and June by the Albany Student Prone Corporation. In Ind-pendant
not‘tor-protit oorooratlon.

Edltoriall or. written by the Editor in Colo! wlth mlﬂlbltl oi the Editorial
Board: policy In oublool to review by the Ettltarlol Board. Advertising policy
do" not necessarily retlool editorial policy.

Malling Iddrou:
Albany student Pro-o. CC 320
“00 Wuhlngton Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(MB) “2-50 2

 

 

 

Belowich. director of Disabled Student Services for all of
their help and support. I v'vould'also like to thank Norb
Zahm for UAS’s generous donations, Scott Birge of
Campus Life for his help, SA Media Director Doug Tut-
tle for his time and effort. the ASP for its coverage of the
event. the Korean Students Association. Sigma Chi
Omega and Phi Sigma Sigma for their help and all of the
walkers who braved the cold to walk as many as nine
miles for a good cause.

And a good cause it was. The van that the disabled
students have is unsafe and unreliable. Because there are
very few alternative forms of transportation available we
continue to need your help to raise money to ensure that
everyone has a safe method of transportation off-
campus. There are many fund-raising activities being
planned. such as the Dance Marathon. Dollar Days, Van
Aid and others that you can get involved in to show your
caring and concern as a member of the University Com-
munity. We all thank you again.

— Peter Katz
Alden Hall RA

On gun control

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter of grave concern in response to
Mr. Reagan's recent views conceming the N.R.A. and
gun control.

Two years ago. on my eighteenth birthday. I received a
letter from the Federal Government. It informed me that
the Social Security‘ insurance money I was receiving to
help compensate for the ﬁnancial difﬁculties my mother
and I were experiencing was being eliminated. An illness
that struck my father when I was the age of seven
qualiﬁed my mother and I to receive this money; but
because I had reached the legal age of eighteen and was
not yet enrolled in college, it was discontinued in accor-
dance with Mr. Reagan's revision of the Social Security
program.

To further aggravate the problem. Mr. Reagan pro-
ceeded on my nineteenth birthday to cut back on ﬁnancial
aid. The effects of this action were substantial enough to
force my single mother to secure an additional job in an
attempt to successfully put me through college.

During the year of my twentieth birthday Mr. Reagan
came to my hometown (N.Y.C.) to discuss peace at the
United Nations. This visit took police off the streets and
put them in front of the United Nations to guard Mr.
Reagan. That evening my mother headed toward a dif-
ferent kind of United Nations —- Bryant Park. where she
was murdered. There is no saying that this tragedy would
not have occurred otherwise, but ask Mr. Reagan’s fami-
ly how they would feel if they were in my shoes.

I am now on my own approaching adulthood. I have
recently read Mr. Reagan's opinions to lower gun con-
trol. With all the murders and senseless violence in this
world destroying precious people and families, I can ﬁnd
no rationale in Mr. Reagan's views. Family life is what
the U.S.A. is all about. and I urge him to allow me to
have a happy twenty-ﬁrst birthday.

—Kenneth Kirsch

Hidden hypocrisy

To the Editor:

Subsidized discrimination is currently permitted at the
SUNY Albany campus. While we. as students. have no
proof of this. the weakening of the Sex Equity in Educa-
tion Amendments of l972 (Title IX) could easily allow for
discrimination in any number of our departments and
programs.

The Feb. 1984 Grove City v. Bell Supreme Court deci-
sion changed the original intent of Title IX from pro-
hibiting sex discrimination institution-wide to prohibiting
discrimination in programs that receive direct federal fun-
ding. For example. if SUNY Albany's Biology Depart-
ment received federal funds for research.they would be
forbidden by law to discriminate. Yet. if the Physical
Education Department did not receive direct funding.
they would have a green light to discriminate in any way
they saw fit.

It should be noted that very few Physical Education
Departments nationwide receive federal funds.

There is presently proposed legislation in Congress
which would remedy this dangerous situation; the Civil
Rights Restoration Act of 1985 would restore the
“institution-wide" definition of discrimination at the
SUNY Albany campus and every other across the nation.
Unfortunately. conservative legislators are blocking this
act and preventing it from coming to a vote. They ap—
parently fee! certain forms of discrimination are alright.
If you don't condone discrimination. become a part of
the student petition drive on this campus.

We must inﬂuence our legislators to pass this into law
before It becomes the Civil Rights Restoration Act of
1986.

— Alyson Reed

SASU Women ’s Caucus ” '“

Save Chapel Hill

To the Editor:

We. the faculty and students, always ready to
demonstrate against forces maneuvering our globe
towards disaster. must not remain lethargic when impen-
ding evil strikes the core of our Campus.

In the Albany Student Press of November 15. l985, on
pages I and !3. we have all read what is in store for us.
That unique and beautiful patch of unadulterated Nature
overlooking our Campus. Chapel Hill. an oasis of
spirituality and natural communion even with a burnt-out
Chapel House, is to make way for a “feildhouse which
will seat 3.000 to 5,000 people. a large arena structure."

I invite all of our ecologically-minded students and
faculty I) to urge Rev. Gary Kriss, President of Chapel
House’s Governing Board (c.o. Box 2225 on Campus) to
reject the ill-advised land swap; 2) to urge Vice President
for University Affairs Lewis Welch to desist from level!-
ing Chapel Hill and razing its majestic trees and to situate
the proposed ﬁeldhouse elsewhere. perhaps where he now
intends to relegate a new-fangled Chapel House totally
devoid of spiritual atmosphere; 3) to urge the SUNY
Board of Trustees to “Save Chapel Hill from the
ﬁeldhouse"; 4) to urge our State legislators not to ap-
prove any such exchange of lartd during its next session:
5) to hold a march. involving as many of us as possible,
from Chapel Hill to the State Legislature. to “Save

Chapel Hill from‘the ﬁeldhouse. "
— H.P. Salomon

Professor of French

Good policy

To the Editor:

Reading ex-council member Steven Kramer's letter
about Central Council's passage of a revamped election
policy, I agreed with him on only one point: he left
SUNYA with an inﬂated ego.

The election policy was probably the most important
legislation passed by Central Council this year. The pro-
ject of revamping the policy was undertaken to remove
the ambiguities that existed, to make it more precise and
enforceable, and most imponantly. more accessible for
students to run in major elections.

What Mr. Kramer failed to mention in his criticism is
that SA will only reimburse a maximum of $150 to a can-
didate for SA President or Vice President if they receive a
minimum of IS percent of the votes and have receipts for
their expenses. What this does is open up major elections
to serious candidates who cannot afford to ﬁnance their
campaign. Contrary to being “ridiculous”. I commend
Central Council ‘85-‘86 for taking the initiative to enact
such legislation. Two of the SA Presidential candidates
this past year spent between $400 and $600 to ﬁnance
their campaigns. What council was doing in passing this
bill was to open the election up to a serious candidate who
could not afford to spend that kind of money. $150 was
calculated to be the minimum amount necessary to
ﬁnance a major campaign. This is obviously not a waste
of student's money.

The new election policy is concise and fair with SA
receiving constant complaints abont past elections — this
revampment was necessary. Internal Affairs spent endless
hours on improving the policy to make it the best possi-
ble. If anyone cared to spend the time. please read the old
and the new policy. You too. will see the difference — for
the better.

One last comment on Mr. Kramer’s letter. Although
such topics as nuclear disarmament and saving the seals
are important issues. our ﬁrst priority is to act on behalf
of issues that directly affect students. I cannot think of a
better one than SA elections.

—- Richard Wilson
Central Council

Editorial

continued (torn previous page

so. he seems to be spending too much time in this
role. taking away from some of the programming he
talked about initiating during his campaign last spr-
ing. He has been a vital asset to SA this year. helping
to define the delicate balance between student
government and the fraternities and sororities. Uri-
fortunately. he's neglected some of his programming
duties.

One fault to be found with the whole executive
branch this year. is that it become somewhat of a
male~oriented clique. When Gawley. Duarte. Tuttle.
Abelow and Schwartzman. or any combination of
them team up for a few pranks or a night out. they
form a tightly knit network of ‘guys' that would
make any woman feel out of place. While there’s
nothing wrong with this kind of camaraderie. it
unavoidably carries over into the workplace.

Ginsberg. the sole woman executive. has done a
commendable job overcoming this obstacle. which is
almost inherent in the combination of personalities
making up this year's SA leadership.

 

 

