 

2' A. .__. 1"-
Bowling Green. Ohio. September I 984: ‘Tltc new conservatism means optimism‘

 

their immediate future. On the national
agenda wasamassivecivil-rights movement
titat caught the attention ofthe entire soci-
ety. And at the most immediate level were
rules and restrictions on their own behavior
that many found profoundly oppressive.
Vietnam is over—and in the relatively
peaceful years that have followed, the draft
has never been reinstated. The most blatant

inequities ofsegregationist law and practice :

have been corrected: skirmishes on the civil-

rights front today are largely over shades of 3

injusticeordeep-seated attitudes immune to

group agitation. And the sexual revolu- “

non—along with battles over the
old in loco parentir authoritarian-
istn of college administrators——
has. for all practical purposes,
been won.

Today's undergraduates aren‘t
old enough to remember the way it
was. And today‘s issues are less
directly related to their lives.
“During the Vietnam War, prob-
ably a lot ofpeople here were con-
cerned with getting shipped oﬂ‘to
the war—i know I would have
been.“ says Dietz lchishita. a sen-
ior at the University of Southern
California who describes himself
as a moderate. “Issues today deal
with nuclear war, which can still
seem obscure to some students.
and abortion. which is something
students cart do something about
themselves. Students feel ifthey do
anything, they want to see the re-
stilts oftheir actions.“

The style of protest is dilfercnt.
too: if protesters don‘t get imme-
diate results. they don't take the
same confrontational approach
as their '60s predecessors. Last

' students formed a group called Students
Against Nuclear Suicide. The group, mod-
eled after one at Brown (page 36). wanted
to place on student ballots a proposal that

' the university stock cyanide pills for use

i in a nuclear war. The Michigan Student

Assembly—the campus government—re-

jected the proposal, saying it was poorly

worded and equated nuclear war with sui-
cide. “Members wanted to be viewed as
more pragmatic.“ explains MSA president

Scott Page. “not handing out ﬂowers and

asking for world peace.“ 50 Students

M

 

Against Nuclear Suicide started a signa- ‘

ture drive to put its proposal on the ballot
by petition. In January, after collecting
only 700 ofthe 1,000 signatures they need-
ed. the group gave up.

To be sure. there remain campuses that
have never lost their liberal bearings, where
certain causes can still produce scenes remi-
niscentofthe‘605.TheHoneywellCorp.,40
miles north ofCarleton in Minneapolis, for
instance, is a continuing target for dogged
campus activists who object to the com-
pany‘s Defense Department contracts to
manufacture bombs. Periodically, protest-
ers blockade the entrance to Honeywell
headquarters—even though Minneapolis
police regularly arrest and jail those who
refuse requests to leave.

But even at schools like Carleton, the
atmosphere is subtly different. “Students
are still interested in reform, but they are
not going into situations wearing their
hearts on their sleeves," says Robert Will,
who has taught economics at Carleton
since the '50s. "They aren‘t ideologues
rushing the garrison, as was sometimes the
case in past years.“ Moreover, the relative
liberalism of schools like Carleton may
well have something to do with economic
status. “I think that most Carleton stu-
dents know they aren‘t going to have that
much diﬁiculty with jobs or much else
after they leave here, so it is pretty easy to
be liberal,“ says Susan Hamntel. leader of
the Carleton Democrats.

“Young people need structure, "say: Nan-
Cy Boron, president of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority at the University of Colorado.
“That‘s why we are all shifting in attitude.

Kent State. Ohio. May I970: 0n the agenda then—war. the draft. oppressive rules

 

fall. for instance. 12 Michigan

it

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MARCH l‘illS

woman s RUFFNER—gtACK stew

 

 

 

 

We are more reserved and want stability. "

“And money. " odds sophomore Lisa Lo-
gan, a political-science major, “is the basis to
everything. "

If there is one characteristic of today‘s
students that is more startling than any
other. it is their apparently relentless anxi-
ety about making it materially once they
graduate. The ﬁrst place it shows up is in
attitudes toward higher education itself.
Astin's survey shows that three out offour
freshmen opt to go to college because it will
help them get betterjobs.

But the new economic anxiety also per-
meates the way today's students approach
their studies—and is no doubt exacerbated
by the rising cost ofcollegeitself. “Thereisa
pressure that they are here to study. and
that notion can come from their parents,"
says Tom Marx, a graduate of Michigan.
"Students think. “My parentsare paying for
my education and paying a lot for it‘.“ and
thus dedicate themselves to doing well. It
also may help explain the drop-off in stu-
dent activism. “In the ‘60s, the main atti-
tude was ‘Who cares about getting a good
job when you graduate?’ " says David Fazio

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MARCH 1035

 

;
l. t

. ~ -‘ ‘3..c. J .- " r. ' s-
EY CHANGES EVERYTHING

The class at '88 rides the middle of the political road, and Easy Street seems to be
its favorite route in life: 70 percent call making money a top priority.

POLITICAL IDENTIFICATION
In percent

"India at the told

mel/ Lott

conumtlnl HIEIII

1970 72 74 76 7B 80 82 84

of the University of North Carolina. the
newly elected national chairman of Stu—
dents for America. “The student ofthe ‘80s
is more likely to say. ‘I have to study—l
can‘t be Mr. Political Activist today‘.“

The clearest mark ofcarcerism, however.
is in the choice ofa major. For several years.
schools across the nation have been report-
ing a huge surge in business~related and
professional studies—and a concurrent de-
cline in the liberal and ﬁne arts. (The single~
minded pursuit of "résumé enhancement"
even affects extracurricular activities: at
Michigan, for instance. the Economic Soci-
ety—a group for undergraduate economics
majors—has the largest membership ofany
extracurricular organization on campus
this year.) Some students are explicit about
choosing courses with careers in mind: a
Yale woman mentions that she is taking a
class in politics so that she will have some-
thing extra to talk about in job interviews.
And, says Notrc Dame senior Mark Bau-
mcl, a premed student. “I've had a lot of
people tell me they would have liked to
study English or philosophy. but they‘ve
been warned that they won't get ajob unless
they major in business."

 

STUD!“ VALUIS
in partial

As seniors get nearer graduation. they are
asking for help and career counseling as
never before. At Yale these days. the Uni-
versity Career Services olﬁcc often resem-
bles a New York City subway at rush hour:
students scramble over each other to get at
the bookshelves and ﬁling cabinets contain-
ingjob material andjostle through the hall-
ways to peer at bulletin boards advertising
on-campus interviews. “The atmosphere is
distressing," says Dean Susan Hauscr. the
Career Services director. “Why are they all
so scared?"

Sonte professors and administrators
think students are not frightened so much
as status seeking—and selﬁsh. As Univer-
sity of Virginia political analyst Larry Sa-
bato—himself a student leader at the
school in the early ‘7OS—sees it. today‘s
students “are just out for the bucks—
they're more materialistic titan any group
in American history. These kids arc hand-
ed everything on a silver platter—many
are spoiled rotten.“ James Briggs, director
of Berkeley's Career Planning and Place-
ment Center for the past six years, suggests
that in the long run, the get-a-joh ﬁxation
could prove socially detrimental. Students

0

CM STOPH atuMWICH—Ntws—nu

 

 

