'  a.) '- = u p ‘ I
.éﬁfchﬂuy , I... A r a 5..

Art or .Credi’f,.Dodging scam?» Find a... an -Peapia's. numr  . r '  y _  TV
argument SS“. 8‘ .byp‘Tom-i-Kaconde‘s-

logical jump from "my life will be a work of Art'-' to "‘Vin‘ce Ren-
zi' big man/art on campus. .  they were gone. Congrats to After
Hours; it's reassuring to see real Wit in college iOurnalists. '

March. .15. 1985

 

4a Aspects ,
In the fall of 1984. a very peculiar thing happened at Yale
University. One morning. Vincent R. Renzl awoke to findhis life
transformed. . .into a work.of Art. Not that he hadn't expected
the change. Quite the opposite. He‘d done research to prepare
himself. argued his considered definition of Art to Those-Who-
Hand-Out-Sheepskins and won credit toward his golden ﬂeece.
He had faith that the sound of his voice declaring "I am Artl"
would bring the change about and was not disappointed.

Unfortunately. everyone else was. ‘

Some of themsaid. ‘Okay Vince. You are Art. but you are not
good art.‘ Others said. 'Vince. you are not Art. though youmay
be Bullshit in the flesh.’ (Note: Like any other university. Yale
counts clever bullshit toward graduation.) But most people said:
‘Damn. I wish I‘d thought of that.‘ ‘

Here. reprinted for the very first time. I believe. are all the ar-

ticles run by the Yale Daily News recounting the ARTdom of
Vincent R. Renzi. Read them and judge for yourself.

 

---A~FI’RST~MANIFESTO V
ON THE POVERTY OF
RENZI‘S AETHETICS

We have the following objections to your work:

'A': .
FIRST MANIFESTO 0N9
 ; AETHETICS ‘ '

 

1 By placing yourself in a canvas bag which separates you Ironi'the out-
side. thereby separating art from life. you are creating a “frame around
your body. and must therefore be considered a pure work of art. Vince.
you are either a lumpy. poorly composed painting. or a soft. flabby
sculpture — take your pick. ‘ ‘ I
2. Living in our age. with the constant threat of nuclear annihilation. is a
. dangerous act. By declaring yourself a work of art. breaking down con‘
ventions which have long been broken. and therefore following a path
much trodden. you are'taking the safer route. Vince. if there's one thing
we-canft stand It‘s a performance artist who's yella.
3. Vince. if you've studied work at all similar to your own. you must
mllu. as we do. that yours is far from original. No one liked it the first
’ time around. Vince. and we're sure as hell that no one's gonna like it now.
- I. Vince. your work is immature and unsophisticated. Therefore. in the
spirit of the Theatre of cruelty of Artaud and the Theatre of the Absurd
represented by Beckett and Ionesco. we will refer to your work as
Theatre of the Jejune.
5. The term Acthetlcs promises an ethical dimension to your work. None
exists In your manlfestos; none exists on your person. We will therefore
' giggle at the meiitlon of this ethical aspect of your workbefore laughing
long and loud at the work as an artistic whole. unless you are able to pro-

From the. manifesto. . .—

Fo‘r'the ﬁve-week period beginning 11:49 I’MBD’I‘. 12
October.” 4984." and ending; at 10:49. 'PM .EDT.’  16
November. 1984. the life of-~‘one..of5ius‘L(Renai)' will be
declared a work of art. only. through such actions we can

' fightagainse th‘e' alarmtng ‘ ‘ d; not just in art.-'.but‘in'
' , society-ass 'wiiole. which sq lobes all creativity audio~
‘ iof human life-.to a banal.

Third and most important: When all was said and done. Vince
and "Vince" made me think. I finally took the time tO‘read my
book about Arthur Schnizler and found more than Anatol. The
idea of publishing manifestoes In conjunction with the produc— ' .
tion of art pieces is not new. but RenziII-Iyder's‘choice of the
form was appropriate. A tremendous amount of (then) very
radical thought about 'art was published ln‘manlfesto form—in
Europe during the teens and twenties. Manifestoes'heralded
German Expressionism. Italian Futurism. and eventhe Rowohlt
Verlag‘s “Der Jungste Tag" book series that first published ex-
traordinary works such as Kafka‘s Metamorphosis. Much of the
posturing involved in makinga statement in manifesto form
turned out to be bogus. both last fall and sixty years ago. A good

BYJ' Vincent R. 'Renzi
David..J.-r-'Hyder __ 

   

’ dividualv initiative. reducing
codiﬁable mediocrity. .- . i _ ._
Perhaps you cannot get too worked up overthe loss of 

. a'estheticseniiibility when,aft :all. your bathroom needs-
cleaning. But when one exp! res these questions more
fully. one reallz'Esthat insoci 'y today we have also lost. mi

H-H 7 ~>  . -.' - Presented in cortiunctionlwithr' .
111;" You”) In Literature, ..
Alv‘l/dﬁﬂﬁqﬂ blerllur Schitz/cr'r Anatol

12 October, 1984 .

 

  

The reasons I bothered to reprint this history are manifold.
First. I think that the ideas in the RenzilI-Iyder manifesto are
crucially important in the Age of Reagan. November's election
confirmed that America has come full circle from the partly fad-
dish liberalism of the ‘60's through the clueless '70's to the
dangerous mindlessness of the nouvcau conservative '80's. Con-
sider the surge in "patriotism." Look around you: intellectual

suicide is back in vogue. Big time.

Second. I thought it interesting to see how quickly Renzl got
his logic mixed up once his ego entered into the picture (cg. see
interview below: "I‘m like a very intelligent caged animal when
I become a piece of Art. .  Ooh. Vince. How exciting!) Renzi and
company were making a pretty complex statement. It‘s too bad
he couldn't keep things a bit more straight. It was also entertain-
ing to see how the people at the Daily News wrung every single
possible pun out of the whole thing. Once they made the il-

2

amount of the 4.000 German Expressionist works burned by
Hitler's goon squads at the central fire station in Berlin were pro-
bably not especially good art. Maybe "Vince Renzl" was not
good .art. but that is totally irrelevant. The point is that we need
to constantly review. refresh. and renew‘our thinking about art.
our thinking about social justice; our definitions of morality.
equality. and survival. A student at Yale declares his life Art;
students at Brown demand suicide pills as an option to life after
a nuclear exchange. These acts" are important symbols to remind
us that as soon as we choose to avoid the hard thinking and
decision-making that is a necessary part of life. we are not alive.
Thanks for reminding me. "Vince."

of society. . .

El weeks. if you still cannot

 

 

 

&A: the man who would

The following'ls an edited transcript of
the interview with Renzl.

Tonight. at midnight. Vince Renzl will
declare himself Art.

Renzi is a senior theater studies major.
and he's getting a term credit (the
equivalent. say. of a senior essay in.
Histoin for his project. For five weeks.
he will be Art. His life will be Art. He will
be on a more or less constant public
acess as Art. though when you want to
watch him you'll have to talk to his
Curator. David Hyderi. a junior
philosophy major.

The Daily News interviewed Renzi on
the eve of his Alll‘dom. and because. as
he put it. “once I begin my life as Art I'm
in a funny position because I don‘t speak
the truth anymore." we 've decided to let
his words do their own talking without
the filter of an article article. We also
want Renzl. in his pro-Art form. to have
at least one parlay with the campus.
since. as he said. “everyone is a viewer
to ibis piece. Anyone who even hears
about the piece becomes part of the
medium of performance art."

become a piece of Art. . . when you come
over to my room in the middle of the
night. I might. like a caged animal. spit
in your face. or I may not mind at all and
let you watch. But when you go to the
Curator and tell him ‘I want to watch
Vince sleep tonight'. and he says‘OK. I
have to say yes. Because like a caged
animal I can't bite the hand that feeds. or
in this case I can't fight the hand that
makes art. "

ltElVZl: Certainly performance Art is a
very established genre. We‘ve research-
ed it. studied it. But we‘re going back to
something even more basic. We're say-
ing that you have to do art in everything
you do. . . what we're doing is aspiring to
the form of an art movement. with the
postcring. the muiiifestos. the media
hype. the fanatocism. the mere fact that
we don‘t just talk about it or theorize
about it but actually do it. In that sense
we're the and his curators - edsl a lot
like the Italian hilarists. .

YDN: But the Futurists were political.
ltl-INZI: Well. we‘re drawing on the
strike. We have to use what's going on at
the time. We mentioned the strike in our
manifesto.

 

 

"The artist who makes art. the critic who tells us whether it is
art or not. and the spectator who feels he could never make art

is a false trichotomy."

 

In Its cssensc. Renzl will throw his life.
as the life of a college student. open to
anyone who wants to watch. We were
unclear on exactly what we would be
allowed to watch; more on this when
Alter Houra returns next week. In the
meantime, Art will have walked through
these Ivled walls. where none but Educzr
lion and perhaps Life have gone before.
Leave It to the Theater Studies major to
tackle the big things.
RENZI: The beat paradigm for what

we‘re doing is the caged animal. I'm like
a very Intelligent caged animal when l

YDN: We‘ve talked to some people in the
theater studies major. and they all seem
excited and supportive. but they also all
say everybody‘s outraged. Is everybody
outraged?

Ill-:Nzl: Are people outraged? No one
has actually come up to me and said this
is horrible. this is awful. you're belittling

Art. But I've heard backhundetl that
some people have their qualms with It.
VDN: But Isn't it arbitrary to say that
tomorrow your life will be Art while to-
day It Isn't?

nENZI: It will be art because we're

declaring it Art. Hundreds of years from
now maybe someone will look back and
say it is art. It Is only necessary that so-
meone calls It art. it isn't Important
when

RENZI: You would never say that you
yourself were an artists because you
picked that shirt and that skirt. but you
have made an aesthetic choice. there's
no denying It. We don‘t want everyone to
say that they are an artists or that their
life Is Art. What we have done is created
an artpieco to make this point —- that
each of us has a aestliotlc facility —— In
the way that you could point to tho Mona
Lisa to make a point about bigeyod
Italian women.

I'DN i but what ll you get some guy Who
just stands and watches you for two
hours? Have you thought about the way
you with have to deal with these people?
What it you get two different requests.

AFTER HOURS, Friday, October 12, 1984

Articles reprinted courtesy of the Yale Daily News. Very special
thanks to Jacob Welssberg, After Hours Editor, gentleman and
scholar. Without his help, these pages would be blank.

 

emphasize the capacity—
judgements that makes us h
mit intellectual suicide. And a

an: to ignore it is to com-
if at the end of these five
ungsrstand what is written

our ability to make ethical dc ions. What is at stake now I e
is not. just your precious bathroom stall. but the-very basis

We in no way hold that everyone should lead their life ‘

’ as a workof art. fear as we ha e said. we do all lead our‘
lives artistically. The purpose of this particular piece is to
th 'necessity— of making ‘

 

 

here. you might as well put a- lletthrough yourhead.
For if you are going to commit suicide. youought to do it
properly. " V

' Copyright. Renzl and Hyder. 1984 3 E] V

 

 

    

Vince Renzl, soon to become ‘Vince Renzi’

  part.--

" RENZ :

 

 

one conventional and one very
lewd — how can you help but draw con-
clusions about the people whohave made
those requests?

RENZI: Oh God. I haven't even begun to
think about the psychology of It . . . I
have to deal with the audience in a way
that retains the integrity of my work of
Art. Like the curator of a museum. my
curator will say you can't wake Vince up
tonight because he has to get 8 hours of
sleep othowise there will be no good art.
But the whole point of the piece is that I
should continue to load my life as a col-
lege student . . . I won‘t live differently.
In some ways I'll have to. though.
became I'll be like an actor onstage who
says his lines a little more loudly so that
everyone can hour them and who keeps
his face In the light. I'll be keeping a
higher visibility. I'll be allowing people
to watch mo whenever the want. basical-

 

ly. as long as they go through the curator.
He y: say you have to respect the

   
 

u can do anything you want. V
YDNE.But what if no one comes to see
you?‘ ill you still be Art? It‘s the old
tree=f llng-with-no-one-there thing.
That‘s not a ,problem. 'Even
thou I may be sleeping with no one
watchihg me. I‘m still Art.

KEN! : In five weeks it will be all over.
There. on‘t be a script; no traces, ex-~~
capt r photographsiand doctunents.
more kc fossils than a text. It can never

a
'1
9

niece.

 

back on this in a hundred years or so and
call it’ Art. What will they team from It?
RENZI: In the some way that we see a
certain concern about the Catholic
(murals-made everyone paint pictures of

‘ ~ Jesus, every piece of art Is a cultural ar-

tifact; Aesthetic facility is a' problem in
the world which must be addressed.
They'll see the alienation iof modern
man. the loss of human sensitivity in the
machine age—these flighty things

. which must be addressed.

ttENzl: In the same way that we see a
certain concern about the Catholic
Church made everyone paint pictures of

Jesus. every piece of art is a cultural ar- ‘

tifact. Aesthetic facility Is it problem in
the world which must be addressed.
They'll see the elicitation iof modern
man. the loss of human sensitivity in the
machine ugc -—tlicsc
whiciumust he addressed.

RICNYJ: The artist who makes art. the
critic who tells us whether It is art or not.
and the spectator who feels he could
never make art is a false tn‘chtomy. The
spectators deny their aesthetic facility in
town of pragmatism. or a comfortable

ItENZI: Schnirlcr. on whose Anatol this
work Is very loosely based. said that
without the aesthetic and ethical
fuciltly ~~ the aesthetic -—I you cannot
live. create or oven enjoy life. If you
don't realize it you will go on leading
your life mindlessly.

II. and that you can't talk to me. 
"onlyrobserve me. or heii’nay say" 

-onstucied. it is a performance-1
ntegral to that Is when it happens.‘ "A
I YDN:- You say that people might-look

fligth things

~==An _ - .
-: From Vince to- ‘ Vince ’ and back

 

m b
aegis-month»-

 

MY

I putil'follllluaai of also

'Woflmllﬂuw

Univ-i1.

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

,..

ART UPDATE -- Vince Renal 'MA explore: the pontbllltles of art and nuture by jux-
taposing himself wllh I tree. Ills act can be caught around campus at no charge.

 

 

liopel pleasant. stay In the ling.

voices.

of doing you physical harm.

whom we suspect you despise.

do you?" .
spirit.

L‘l‘ﬂES VOICES.

 

 

ve that this dimension exists. Will you do so. Vince? We thought not.

6. Vince. the lone. diction. and structural organization of your inanifestos
suggest a personality as pretentious. grating. and trite as one might ever
hope to find. Because you state the impossiblity of judging you as ii work
of art. we have judged you as a person. and found you poor.

()n the basis of these disrtiicrles. about you as work of art and as in-
dividual. we have devised ti-n "hints of Irritating you during your We
1. mimicry ~ We will read passages from your inunifcstos in high. silly
2 physical annoyance — We Wlll poki- you with small sticks

.‘l. annoying. pointless behavior Ill'ﬁlglll‘d to irritate —r We will jumpaboul
and speak in imaginary languages.

4. intimidation — We will form a threatening ring around you. and speak

5. poor cuisine —— We will place green Sal-mica peppers on your person.
8. Intellectual humiliation  We WI" compare your work to that of artists

7. ignoring the work of art -» We will ignore you by looking away. whistle
ing. and saying. “I don‘t see any work of an in it canvas bug in this room.

it non soquilur criticism — We sullen-fur to your work its a baklavu of the
9. philistinc barrage w \t‘il n-ill t‘l‘llll’llt' your nnrk Ill crass terms. using
to. extension of your method tlf‘l nbsiiriluiii

vacuum hose to be a work of art for iii-c wot-ks. unit will llit-rt-lorcsuspcnii
it In a canvas bag for twenty-four hours

You may say. “are. that we on inking your work seriously. drilling with
It as art which nicrlls thouglil‘iuui \lllil). Illlll'l‘ll no arr. Il‘q- liuir- studied
It. judged it. and found It poor.

Wi- Wlll declare a used

ART \l-“l‘Hlt LONG
ll \IIKNHNS ~ "In man/art on cam-
piis \‘Iiii-t- "I‘ll/l l‘lllf‘l‘ﬂPh from the
confines of ii i-iiinilx bug. which was
his home for El hour». Moments
before his release. it group of anti-
chrl ugllutorx l‘l‘llll iiiut I‘lll'l‘lt'd out
their lllllflllf‘llll llllIIIVl‘l.

The art-mun. unlined. proclaimed
MI hag not in menu. deuplle the fact
that hill original plan to be suspended
from the ceiling of the Dining tlall
was vetoed by the JP: Minter. Don't
mill whut'u In thu- uutorudr jar to the
hund of llrt.(YDN/nunlulu Sounds")

 

 

 

BY ELLEN MCOARRAH‘AN

On Friday. when "Vines Renzl." man
who would be Art. Is once again merely
Vince Renzl. not too many people on
campus will have much to reminisce
about. Although Vince may be on
preposaesslng. the possibilities of
"Vince" were endless. but. it room. no
one took advantage of It or him. Not one
lone voyeur watched "Vince" shower.
there were no crowds outside of
"Vince's" toilet stall. no one watched

-"V|nce" sweat through his mldterml. '

Apathy reaches far beyond the realm of
soxual perversion.

When the Daily News spoke with Ilen-
zl. back before he was Arl. ho said he was
going to spend five weeks living his life
as Art. and that he would be Art because
ho nuld ho was. "Vince" had a curator.
David llydi-r. who recently confided lliiil
the point of the project wrni.‘ for hlin til
least. not whether "Vince" was Art or
not. but whether Art could Indeed he so
defined and confined. Itul hu also said
that When ti-niicd towards llikliig things
literally. and so we can surmise that
thorn in at least a lxuislbillty that for
Vince. “Vlnco” was Art.

(fuelling aside the questions of
Vince‘s w cxciisii mo. “Vince‘s” -— lt‘ﬂl'
tlnmcy. tho miiln reaction he's gotten in a
mixture of admiration for his credit-
iltxlglng scam. IIan Home resentment.
especially from history majors. who can
only wish that they could trade In fllty
pages for five weeks of "Time." When.
during the second week of his Artnoss.

"Vlnce"lay In a canvas bag in the floor of

the .18 common room for 24 hours. five]
Saybrook freshpeople poked him with
small sticks. showered him with peppers.
and declared him a Baklava of the Spiri-
t.. Charlie It.. as spokesman for the‘
group. dented yuterday that what he and
tho other Young Buklavlsts did gavo
"Vlnce"‘crodence. "I don‘t own any
Ciedence‘Clearwator records." be ex-
plained. "and If I did. I wouldn't give
them away to someone ldldn't 

Still there were those. the Daily News
among them. who objected to the Young
Baklavlsts' subsequent participation in
an obscure. pretentious and boring play-
reudlng at the Bagvscene. "Vince" seems
to have found their objccllons
hypocritical us well. for the first question
he asked after being let out of his bag by
a Young llakluviiit wiis "ler lflt‘l't‘ any
members of the press present " ” Iluw Art
prostitutes Itself for tho nit-din In
Reagan's America!

Ilotli Honzi iinil llyilor lire satisfied
with “Vince Itcnri.” 'I'o u critical eye.
though. the piece was poorly
cliurmgrupliul. lunlly appointed. and not
nearly tni diligent on kin-ping a high pro
file on one might lnive been justified in

' citpocting. In five weeks. I saw Vince not

ill ES’I‘ EST Eti’l‘. wnlk post Cutlor's shoe
store on Ilroadwny and glunco iii his own
rolloctlun. empty trash from his own
room into a larger garbage bin. crawl Iii-
to a canvas bag. strip naked and got into
bod.th his tooth. talk about driving to
Hartford. talk about his Mom and Dad.
and run his hands through his hair. Most
of us can. on any given Monday morning

between ion and noon. do all of that and
maybe even a little more.

Is Art lazy? Is Art mundane? Why. for
example. didn't "Vince" takethls oppor-
tunity to dlsprovo Harold Bloom‘s theory
that outrun separate the artist and the
work of art by hurling himself off
Harkness Tower? Then. If the
deconstructionllts are Indeed right.
“Viocej‘ would have been smush'ed. but
Vince could have gotten up and walked
away. Missed opportuilties. damned Iii-
decision. A

The Bag. too. raises the qutstion of the
caliber of “Vlnce” in View of other known
performance art plm. What is lying in
a bug on a floor for a day compared to
taking a live goat onto a balcony in
downtown Napoll. cutting its stomach
open. stripping naked. pulling cntrnlls
all over your body. and then getting on
rested since you scandnllacd your
neighbors? Or the porforninnco artist
who puls cuts in small wooden boxes un»
tIl thoy suffocated? I don't tiiliik Vince
really did all ho could with,"Vliice “

So. was It gooil‘.I Was it succmsiiil?
Was It entertaining? Should you have
gone to see It? The only way to atlt‘ﬂultll“
ly. reflect on five weeks of Art in our
midst Is to analyze whether it was a
thrill. or at least an edllyliig experience.
to coo "Vince" stark raving naked. And if
you think I can do that in print. you are
reading the wrong newspaper. Especial’
ly since “Vince” not mad and find his
curator after "Vince" was attacked and
viciously covered with graffiti when he
cruhed‘tba Dally News banquet. When

again

was the last time you saw the Moria Lisa.
to whom “Vince” is lnordinately fond of
comparing himself. give lip? Perhaps
the most interesting part of the story is
what "Vince" and Vince will be doing
next January after Vince graduates.
What else is there for a bullshit artist par
excellence to do except go to work for an
ad agency? A

 

 

   

=1! " -
a
rut- '

  

VDN l'aul l'l
"Vince Itenri" ulll bosom: \‘Incent It.
Itenll once again ut the toll of will this
evenings According to Itenil curator
David J. ltydcr. thr total rout of lhlu
human elhlhlllbll was tilts. You decide:
wait it worth It?

 

 

————-—._.._.._
M

 

