one that suggests that any Impending career or lifestyle decision ls of the no-

O ne of the most dangerous notions foisted on today's graduating student Is the

turning-back variety. that life's course—once charted—can never be changed,
that there is no room for wrong turns. Nothing could be farther from the truth.

FACT: Most college graduates change jobs within two to three years after gradua-
tion. According to Career Aptitude Testing President Barry Gale, you can expect to
change lobe eight times in your professional lifetime; statistics show most people
make three major career changes before retirement.

If you’ re like most students, the postgraduate decisions that lie before you—where to
live. where to work—«give you reason for pause, and perhaps It is well that they should.
Life beyond the nurturing confines of the college campus is not something to be entered
Into lightly. but at the same time the collected wisdom of an assortment of professors,
parents, career counselors and placement officers can leave you lust a little bit leery of

what lies ahead.

This is where The Amer/can Express Real Life Planner comes In. In our first
lnstaliment— “Getting Started”—we'll startycu thinking clearlyand sensibly aboutyour
future. get you started on making some of those Important beginning career decisions,
start you thinking about which directions you want your life to take. where you want to live,
how to find your first apartment, and how to weigh your considerations of quality of
lifestyle against concerns of career growth and upward mobility. Along the way we hope

to set you somewhat at ease and convince
don't work out quite the way you'd planned.

 

THEAQB .SEAQCB,

how to begin your career search. For

the standard line on resume prepara-
tion. interview techniques and what not,
we refer you to the list of recommended
reading at the end of this Installment. For
information you won't find anywhere else,
read on.

Career Aptitude's Barry Gale tells
students that the best first step in a beginn-
ing Job search is to know what your talents
are—what you're best at—before you
decide what It is you want to do for a living.
Though this seems obvious, Gale is sur-
prised at the number of recent graduates
he's encountered who not only have no
Idea what they want to do for a living, but
who haven’tacluewheretheirtalentslleor
what they're capable of becoming.

"There are more than twenty-seven
thousand different career titles out there,"
Gale reasons, "and each year we add
about two thousand more. First things first.

Everybody has a piece of advice on

you It's okay to change directions if things

figure out what It Is you can do, what It Is
that turns you on. what it Is you want to
spend the rest of your life doing. If you're
going to spend more than eighty thousand
hours In your lifetime working. you'd better
make sure you're getting something more
out of It than Just a paycheck."

John D. Shingleton, Director of Place-
ment at Michigan State University, cau-
tions students against seeking out the
"hot" career areas. “If you want to go into
a field, ifyou're really Interested In It. go in-
to It and become the best In It and there's a
job for you." he advises. “There's a job In
every field If you're the best."

Students, says Stanford University
Director of Career Planning and Place-
ment ChristopherJ. Shinkman, should feel
free to pursue their own interests. chase
their own dreams. and not worry about
which fields have the most lobs. "They
should be Interested In what it is they want
to do." Shinkman says. “For a student to

Special Advertising Supplement

come and ask me what the hot fields are ls,
I think, an Inappropriate question. the tall
wagging the dog. And the presumption ls,
whatever I say, well then that's what
they're going to do. So If I say geology is
hot they'll say. ‘Great. I'll be a geologist.’
Well. that's ridiculous.“

Dogged persistence, many say, Is one
of the best qualities you can take with you
on your Job search. “I see a lot of com-
placence," Shingleton admits, "though
less now than four years ago. We still get
students who don't start looking early
enough. I had a student come in In April
who was graduating in June, and she
hadn't started looking for a Job yet. By that
time, I'd say about three quarters of the
Jobs are filled because the companies
have been recruiting since October and
they've made most of their offers. She
limited herself to one-quarter of the market
and that kind of complacency can really
hurt you."

"They wait until too late." Shinkman
says of the graduating student. "People
wander into this office toward the end of
their senior year for the first time, and
we've got a big lob to do in a relatively short
period of time."

Though classified ads in magazines
and newspapers may give you a good Idea
of what's out there for you. the ads typically
represent only a small fraction of the
available lob pool. Jeffrey Powell, acting
director of the career placement services
at Tulane University. estimates that lob
prospects that reach the general public
represent only 15 percent ofall openings.
In other words, roughly 85 percent of all
Jobs are being filled behind the scenes.

Most schools Invite local and national
firms to recruit on campus. and this pro-
cess, experts say, has both Its advantages
and Its drawbacks. “The first and obvious
advantage Is convenience," Shinkman of-
fers. "You can simply get out of bed and
walk across campus to your career plan-
ning and placement center, and it's right
there. You will also be seeing organiza-
tions that have come specifically looking
for undergraduates with your particular
background and degree, so you know up
front that you're an appropriate candidate
and on target.

“The disadvantages Include the fact
that only large, often national or even
multinational firms have the staff and the
resources and the hiring needs such that
they can predict ahead and hire people to
go out on campus and conduct these inter-
views. So that means students are only
seeing a very limited type of organization."

By many estimates. campus inter-
views account for approximately 30 per-
cent of all Jobs offered to graduating
students, and many of these are concen-
trated among a relatively small number of
the larger schools. Also. some fields of
study attract a greater percentage of

 

recruiting interest than others. Engineers,
for example, will have more interview
possibilities on campus than liberal arts
majors; science, math, and computer
science students will outdlstance social
and political scientists by a significant
margin. and so on.

Check the recruiting station on your
campus and proceed with yourlob search
accordingly. Make intelligent use of your
campus placement office. and get an early
lump on your career effort. "Our respon-
slblllty Is not simply to help people secure a
Job." says Stanford’s Shinkman, "but
before that to help them determine what
kind ofJob they want to secure. and to help
in resume writing, interviewing techni-
ques, and lob-search strategies."

“One of the things we've been pro-
moting at Tulane." notes Powell, “is In-
ternshlps and externshlps. not only to give
people experience but so that they meet
people In their fields of Interest. It's the
well-rounded student who is going to come
across best to employers. the one with the
respectable average who has somehow
proven himself in the field.”

Off-campus, your time will be best
spent conducting your own information In»
tervlews, a little-usedpractice to help you
decide whether a company or a position is
right for you, before letting the company
decide whether you’re right for them. Most
schools will offer a list of prominent alumni
In various fields, and you would do well to
contact a few In your area to see firsthand
what life Is like out there In your field of
choice.

Career Aptitude Testing's Gale offers
his own lIst of questions to help you In your
search:

0 "Ask someone new working in a lob you
might enjoy what he did yesterday from
nine to ten in the morning. NaIl him down
on It and make him be very specific."

I "Be sure to find out If there are particular
pressure times on the lob. and, If there are,
do they occur every day. every month.
every season. or whatever."

0 "It's always a good Idea to find out when
the person you're lntervlewln last had a
good laugh on thelob. Again, make him be
very specific."

- “lfyou can, get your host to talk about his
last failure on the lob, and see what, If
anything, he learned from It."

0 “Always ask how frequently you'll have
to relocate If you want to-get ahead In that
particular business. Also, find out early on
how much travel time will be expected of
someone new to the field."

- “lfthere'ssway to workthe conversation
around to salary, i would strongly recom-
mend It. Too often the salary figures
published In Industry or career publica-
tions are far off the mark. Don't be afraid to
ask what you can be expected to earn to
start off, and what you can hope to earn
two, three. or five years down the road.”

 

 

'I'I'IE INTERVIEW

almost never do in a job interview:
never tell the Interviewer he/she
could stand to lose a few pounds (unless,
perhaps, the interview is for a Job at a nutri-
tion and fitness center); never ask who
his/her favorite pro wrestler is (unless, ob-
viously. you're interviewing with the
Worldwide Wrestling Federation); and
never. under any circumstances, ask the
Interviewer how long it will realistically take
for you to move upthe ladderto his/herlob.
There are a few. less obvious rules of
the road. and we'll start off with a look at
the Quaker Oats Tacky Ten Checklist,
developed by vice president of corporate
personnel, Larry Baytos:
1. Candidate does not make eye
contact.

. Candidate only asks questions per-
taining to salary/benefits.

. Candidate berates current boss/
employer.

. Candidate smokes without asking.

. Candidate does not have a good
working knowledge of the company
and Its products.

. Candidate ls late for appointment.

. Candidate dresses inappropriately.

. Candidate shakes hands like a dead
mackerel.

. Candidate rambles on with needless
details.

. Candidate cannot respond maturer
to questions of personal strengths
and weaknesses.

Jobappllcants wholall victim to too manyof
the above are quickly out of the running for
Quaker Oats positions, Baytos says. No word
on how Baytos determines how a dead mack-
erel shakes hands.

There are a few things you should

Special Advertising Supplement

Most companies, you'll find, have similar
checkliststhathelpthemtosiftthroughthe
endless stream of Job hopefuls and bring
them closer to landing the perfect lob candi-
date, and It's a good Idea to find out what's
accepted (and what's expected) before you
show up for the Interview (on time, of course).

Resumes. many experts tell us, are
not as important for what they say as for
how they're presented. "You’ll still find
students who will send In resumes with
typographical errors," notes one college
recruiter. "I always look at it in the sense
that you take someone from Columbia
who has spent $40,000 on their education,
and you ask them to write on one piece of
paper their qualifications. To me that
paper should reflect $40,000 worth of
qualifications. because that's what
you're selling, and you have to put it on
one piece of paper. It's an indication of
carelessness."

Personal appearance and personality
go a long way toward making a positive first
Impression. “Look, subconsciously,
whether we like it or not, we’re grading
someone on their looks," admits Don
Fleshman, a college recruiter for
Goodyear. “When I'm interviewing
someone I'm saying to myself, ‘Can I pic-
ture this person working at Goodyear?’
Whether we realize it or not. we recruit a
particular Image. Luckily there are four or
five of us Interviewing, because if I were
the only recruiter all the new graduating
seniors we'd bring in would look exactly
the same."

Dress appropriately (a conservative
business suit is always appropriate for
both sexes). relax. and be your usual char-
ming self and you should be able to get
past what most Interviewers agree Is an im-
portant hurdle. “When you go into an inter-
view. It's best to be as candid and open and
as straightforward as possible." observes
a recruiter. “That gives the interviewer the
chance to see you as a person. if they still
want to hire you then that lets you know you
have the type of personality that can fit Into
that company because they are accepting
you for what you are."

One Interviewer says he notices a
tendency among graduating students to
make the Interview process too
mechanical, a result of many schools
developing training programs to Improve
interviewing skills. A typical strategy that Is
seen over and over is the students' forced
effort to turn a negative into a positive. a
technique that is stressed In many campus
placement programs. “If I ask a student to
tell me about his faults," he says. "and the
student says, ‘Well, I think my biggest fault
is that I'm too aggressive. I always want to
get the thing done. and I'm always press-
Ing for more work,‘ that‘s turning the
negative Into a positive. After a while you
hear It so many times. It doesn't really
wash.

 

 

