 

LIFE/STYLE

L...

sophomore Ron Killian, '
It‘s a social lubricant. Essentially, it loosens
up a tense, nervous situation with people
you don‘t know.“ Killian says he and his
bttddies will gather at their favorite hangout
nearly every weekend to “drink a substan-
tial amount of beer and then go home and
sleep. after having a substantial amount of
t‘un.“Andthat‘swhymoststudentsdrink—
to have fun. Many campus traditions—
from bull sessions in a local hangout to
spring break in Florida—are built around

the use ofaleohol.
3 especially freshmen. For them. it's a
visible rite of passage. an outward
manifestation of new freedom and new re-
sponsibility. At Vassar. freshmen demoti-
strate their quafling ability at the campus
pub. Matthew‘s Mug. “lfthcy don‘t go to
the Mag and drink. they feel out ofit.“ says
Vassar psychologist Catherine Comins.
“It‘s the standard to which incoming fresh~
men compare themselves. and it's a real
hard [habit] to break." For Elizabeth Still~
man. it took most ofher first year at Tufts to
learn how to cope: “in the beginning. there
was a lot of pressure to party and drink. If
you didn't. yotl got sort oftypcd as a ‘stay in
your room and do nothing‘ person. It seems
to have relaxed now that it‘s second scmcs-
ter. 1 mean. if you want to stay in on Satur-
day night and watch ‘Love Boat.‘ it‘s not a
crime." Some ttppcrclt 'smen grow adept at
evading inebriation. “lfl go to a party and
don‘t drink.“ says one UCLA senior, “peo-
ple take it as an insult. So 1 poor myself a
drink. bttt I water it down when no one is
looking."

Most students use alcohol reasonably.
but for some. too much isn‘t enough. Abuse
can result from a need to escape stress. the
urge to appear macho or sheer ignorance of
alcoltol‘s etl'ects (box). Drunkcnness cttn

tttdents chug along to get along—

 

K

‘a close second.

. _- a. m.— - . .
Cart/ing near the Uni versity of Maryland: Mme underage students can heat the system

lead to violence, vandalism and academic
disaster. “There‘s a lot ofschoolwork to do
here, says Dartmouthjunior Mimi Cotsen.
“You can't go to bed trashed. wake up at
noon and start functioning around 3
o'clock.“ One Vassar senior recognized her
problem when she “became really aware of
my day starting at 9—p.m." Too much
booze is bad for the student body, some-

JEAN-LOUIS A‘tLAN—SVGMA

times in ways that are hard to spot. “Alco-
hol may be lying in the background," says
Joseph Benforado of the health service at
the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
“Someone comes in with a sprained ankle. I
ask them how did they sprain their ankle?
Because they were running down a hill after
having two six-packs. That‘s why." lncvita-
bly. therearetragedies. Last Octobera Wis-
consin student died from alcohol poisoning
following a drinking spree. Last summer an
American University student who had been
drinking fell to his death from a second-

ﬂoor dorm room.
N students are problem drinkers. but
there are some estimates. Dart-
month‘s Stephen Nelson, for example, reck-
ons that nearly 8 percent of the college‘s
women and 14 percent ofits men regularly
drink to excess. A survey at the University
of California. Santa Barbara. determined
that in the three previous months, 68 per-
cent of its students had experienced hang-
oversorvomiting from drinking,46 percent
had had trouble remembering events that
occttrred while they were drinking, 41 per-
cent had driven under the inﬂuence and 18
percent had argued violently or damaged
property while drunk. Southern Illinois
psychology Prof. John McKillip found that
one-ﬁfth of his university‘s 20,000 students

0 one really knows how many college

 

 

tested poorly or skipped class at least oncea
month due to heavy drinking.

To try to curtail abuse, and cope with
changing laws. administrations have re-
sponded with varying severity. After two
wild weekends at Southern Methodist last
fall. officials ﬁrst banned fraternity parties
altogether. then reinstated the privilege
with tight restrictions. Many schools, in-
cluding the University ofMiami, no longer
allow open parties in their dorms. And at
South Carolina, an all-pervasive new code
ofdrinking regulations took effect in Febru-
ary. It forbids underage students to attend
events where alcohol is available unless
sponsors guarantee that no one underage
will be served. It also bans anyone under 21
from having alcohol in the residence halls.
although beer is still legal in the state for
those 20 and over. No drinking is allowed in
public areas of campus. Not only must all
drinking parties with 10 or more people be
registered. but a member ofthe host organi-
zation tnust attend a one-hour alcohol-edu-
cation session. Dennis Pruitt, vice president
and dean of student affairs at Carolina.
concedes that “having the responsibility of
an event on campus now is a lot oftrouble.
You have to limit service of the beverage,
determine the age of those served. have
food—there‘s a lot ofliability.”

Still other schools are coping with a cott-
fusing patchwork of rules. At UCLA, stu-

GEORGE A. ROBINSON

Vermont ‘3' ‘Tipsy TI Organized efforts to keep student drinkers tiff the road

 

dents under 21 violate school rules, s well
as the the law. when they drink in their
dorm rooms. Penalization, however. de-
pends on whether their door is shut. “We
have no authority to enforce what goes on
behind closed doors,“ says uy Sanders,
assistant director of residential life at
UCLA. "But. given the fact that people
underage are breaking the law if they are

 

drinking, ifthe door is open we would have
to enforce that.“ Just as complex is the
status ofthe UCLA student pttb, the Coop- .
crage—built five years ago but still waiting ‘
to serve its ﬁrst drink. While the school i
forbids drinking in public spaces. it has ‘,
backed efforts by the student food service to
obtain a liquor license. The move has been ‘
thwarted by economics Prof. Edward Rada. ‘

 

 

n u

Whether they call it “partying, getting
hammered"or“gettingtrashed,“manycol-
lege students regard excessive drinking as a
relatively harmless escape. But for Judy B.
(not her real name). a former student at a
major Eastern college. the pressure to
“party hearty“ created a trap. “Keg par-
ties were standard almost every night.“ she
recalls. “Most of us drank until we were
drunk; being hung over was a badge of
honor. Occasionally 1 had nagging doubts,
but 1 could always forget them with booze.
Finally. five years after 1 left college. I
woke up to the fact that l was drinking
myself to death."

On today’s campuses. Judy‘s story is
hardly unique. At Dartmouth, for example.
about 2 percent ofthe women and 4 percent
ol' the men are “hard core“ abusers. says
Stephen Nelson. director of student activi-
ties. And. according to a Newsweek ON
CAMPUS Poll. nearly one-fourth of all stit-
dcnts have friends with drinking problems.
"Alcohol is the drug of choice in the
1980s." says Hugh Sanborn. director of
campus ministries at the University of
Houston. in response, over 80 percent of

all colleges and universities have started al-

cohol education-and-counseling programs.
but many are ﬁnding it difﬁcult to get the
message across.

At the heart ofthe problem is the dispar-

ity between the myth and reality of drink-
ing. Many who have weathered the stress of
chemistry midterms or fraternity rushes
know ofalcohol‘s power to wash away anxi-
ety. Most college students, however, “don‘t
know the signs and symptoms of problem
drinking—and what it can do to them,"
says Raymond Schwarz. founder ofan alco-
hol-awareness program at Auburn. Even
worse. they trot out a number oflongstand-
ing myths about alcohol abuse to deny that
they may be hitting the bottle too hard.
Among the most common:
I I ‘In my young to have a drinking problem.
Like death, as the saying goes, alcoholism is
no respecter ofpcrsons. Alcoholics Anony-
mous has thousands of members under 21.
in addition to jeopardizing their college
careers, campus alcoholics are also ruining
their health; youth is no protection against
the start of cirrhosis of the liver and oth-
er serious ailments that plague—and can
eventually kill—heavy drinkers.

I But [only drink beer. One 12-ounce beer

NEWSWEEK ()N ('AMl‘llS/Al’ltll. I‘JNS

 

Arizona State workshop: Mth busting

contain ' much alcohol as 1'4 ounces of
whisky or 4 to 5 ounces ofwine. Many peo-
ple actually consume more alcohol when
they quull‘ beer, experts say. because they
drink more, sometimes on the ground that
it's nutritious. Beer does have slight nutri-

NliWSWliliK ()N CAMPUS/APRIL WNS

tional value. compared to other alcoholic
beverages—along with controversial addi-
lives in some brands—but it‘s no food
substitute.
I But I only drink on weekends. “If. when
you drink, you always get drunk,“ warns
Paula Roth ofthe National Council on Al-
coholism. “it is possible to become a week-
end alcoholic. What happens then is that
the hinges get closer and closer together.“
I I'll modify my drinking when I get out in
Ihe real world. It didn't work that way for
Judy and may not for you. “The way col-
lege students drink sets the tone for how
they will drink for years to come," says
Vassar psychologist Catherine Comins.
“Even students who don‘t currently ltave
serious drinking problems may be develop-
ing habits that will later take a heavy toll."
Myths aside. how do you tell if you or
your friends are in danger? One warning
sign is increased dependence. “You begin
to look forward to that first drink after
classes." says Roth. “And then you begin
to find ways to have a drink earlier in the
day. You start thinking that you need alco-
hol to function in certain situations.“
Soon, a student is tossing down a little hair
of the dog each morning to erase the pre-
vious night‘s hungover—and is getting tip
later and later.

KENT SIEVERS

Other danger signals include losing
friends, becoming defensive about drink-
ing and getting injured. “Things really got
out of hand when I got so drunk that i fell
down and dislocated my shoulder.“ recalls
Joan (not her real name), a senior at Hous-
ton who is now a member of Alcoholics
Anonymous in addition, the body itself
sends up red flags. “lt‘s dangerotts if you
find that your tolerance of alcohol is in-
creasing,“ says Roth. The situation is even
more serious, says Dr. Markkn Linnoila of
the National lnstitttte of Alcohol Abuse
and Alcoholism. “if a person begins to
experience blackouts, acting in a manner
which appears to be normal to others but
having no recollection ofit later."

Recognizing these warning signs is rela-
tively easy; seeking assistance is another
matter entirely. At the University of Wis-
consin. for instance. the housing office had
to switch to a system of“foreed referrals“ to
counseling, because voluntary programs
did not reaclt enough abusers. Says Robert
Mason. a psychologist at the University of
Georgia Health Service: “Students almost
have to hit rock bottom before they recog-
nize they need some help.“

JouN 'Altlzt‘nah|.l{|Ktt()t)t'll/\1’X

in l'ougltkcepstr, is \ .KIZI I'll Alll,t)\\’ m llaltnnmc.
SllYANNl-i L'llMliR In Athens. (in . and bureau tvpults

 

 

