 

 

 

Quality vs. Quantity

From a qualitative standpoint, the Albany State
Great Dane football team’s season had all the
makings of a playoff-type year. But the NCAA
doesn’t deal in quality; it's quantity they're in-
terested in.

The NCAA Division III playoffs start on
November 23, with 9-0 Union, 9-l Ithaca, 9—1
Montciair St. and 10-! Western Connecticut
representing the East. At 8-2, Albany State was
left out. A quick glance at the teams’ records ap-
pears to justify the selections. But there should be
more to the selection process than just wins and
losses.

Earlier this year, the Danes defeated Division 11
Southern Connecticut and Springfield College.
Combine those wins with Saturday’s victory over
Wagner, the l lth ranked team in the nation, and it
becomes apparent that whatever consideration the
selection committee gave to the strength of a
team's schedule and how that team fared is ob-
viously not as strong of a criterion for playoff
selection as the team’s record.

Since the playoff process should ultimately
decide the best Division III football team in the
nation, teams should be selected based on their
overall merit and on how they earned that playoff
spot, quantitatively and qualitatively.

Apparently Albany State's one.mistake this
year, a midseason loss to Cortland. heavily
outweighed all the things they did right against
tougher opponents.

By beating playoff-caliber teams, the Danes
have shown they are worthy of a playoff spot. A
team like Western Connecticut has only proven
they can beat nine or ten inferior teams.

The selection committee should lend closer
scrutiny to the quality of opponents and approach
the selection process with a more open mind. A
team shouldn’t be punished for having the
courage to take on tough opponents.

Drug of choice

UAS is devoting this week to the promotion and
glantorization of a drug.

It’s far from being the worst drug around. Some
people. in fact. don’t even consider it to be a drug.

Most of us know this substance as caffeine, the
stimulant found in many beverages, including soft
drinks, tea, and coffee.

What a few of us don’t know, and many more
of us choose to ignore, are the significant
physiological effects that caffeine has on our
bodies. I

The primary effect of caffeine is that it
overstimulates the heart and nervous system. In
addition. many nutritionists point out that caf—
feine causes the b—‘complex vitamins to be washed
from the body. These vitamins are related to many
bodily functions. including the stimulation of all
immunity systems and reactions, the halting of
cholesterol accumulation, and the prevention of
stress.

Caffeine is habituating. too. In a study of
habitual coffee drinkers, more than 50 percent of
the coffee users involved said they felt the need for
coffee, and that without it, they don’t feel well.

This-is the drug UAS has chosen to ittclude in its
post-21 promotion plans for the Rathskellar. UAS
is planning to offer a wide selection of coffees,
brewed at the Rat or packaged for home use.
They're kicking off the plan with “I Love Coffee
Week," sponsored by the Coffee Development
Group, a non-profit group based in Washington.
whose stated purpose is a dedication “to increas—
ing the consumption of coffee in the US."

UAS is _to be commended for offering an alter-
native to alcohol. But their choice is somewhat in-
appropriate. Should our food service really be
promoting a substance that's somewhat addictive?
It's true that. caffeine is a much safer drug than
alcohol because. among other reasons, it doesn't
cause auto accidents. Ilttt it’s still a drtrg on which
we can all become dependent.

Coffee is being protnoted by UAS as the ex-
citing new rave to hit Albany. it's not a “rave;"
it's a drug. There's really nothing exciting about a

 

 

 

habituating drug that's bad for the heart and net-
yogisystcm.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WCDB — Student radio

The recent editorial of November 6th raised a lot of im-
portant issues about college radio in general. and WCDB
in particular. It was unfortunately a perfect example of
many people’s misconceptions about student radio,
WCDB does exist to serve the student community, but
primarily as a training ground for those who are in-
terested in radio and its related ﬁelds, either as a career,
or in my case, just for the fun of it. However, any radio
station must consider as its potential listening audience all
those within its transmitting range. For WCDB, this in-
cludes not only Albany. but Troy, Schenectady,
Rensselaer, Clifton Park, and outlying areas. Further,
college radio has traditionally “filled the gap" in its
listening area by providing a musical alternative for its
listeners, as well as a breaking ground for new bands. The
students benefit by learning radio. the listeners by being
entertained. Further. any student can take advantage of
WCDB's facilities, no community member can. This is
why we are student funded. Virtually all of our budget is
spent on either student programming such as sports or on
maintenance and operations costs so that the students
who work at WCDB have an up to date and functioning
enviorment in which to learn the skills of radio.

Jon Cosin 7

As it happens. the musical tastes of a majority of
SUNYA students cause them to listen to commercial
radio. It would be ludicrous and misleading to poll them
— or anyone else who does not listen to WCDB — for the
Top 91 program and then present the show asa represen-
tation of WCDB music. Because of this, the ballot boxes
for the Top 91 were placed in areas accesible to people
who listen to WCDB. In fact, almost all to the boxes were
placed in and around the student ghetto. where they were
accesible to both students and community members.

 

 

 

This does not mean that those students who do not like
WCDB's music cannot participate in the station. In addi-
tion to rock, jazz. and third world. we also have news.

sports. engineering, promotions, production,’ and
business departments, any of which would enable a stu-
dent to get a taste of what radio is all about. '1‘ his is not to
say that WCDBIdoes nothing for student listeners. Our
exclusive live coverage of capus news and sports including
Great Dane Football and Basketball as well ast Student
Association and Central Council elections are aired solely
for students. With efforts like these, WCDB does hope to
increase its listenership in the SUNYA and capital district
communities.

Giveaways are another way of doing this. They can’t be
done to increase our “ratings” since we don’t have any.
Rather, they are intended to thank our listeners for their
support in addition to their main function which is to pro
mote bands. Countless groups from the Go Go's to U2
have gotten their start on WCDB due mainly to promo-
tions such as these, bands which are now getting substan-
tial airplay on commercial radio. V » ;

What all this boils down to is that WCDB is a student
run radio station which provides an alternative sound for
the entire capital district. WCDB always has and always
will encourage all SUNYA students to get involved — and
to listen. We are not turning our backs on students, rather
we are giving them an ideal opportunity to become ac-
quainted with WCDB and its music.

Those people who don’t listen to WCDB do so for one
of two reasons. either they don’t like our format or they
don’t know we exist. The same can be said of any poten-
tial listener of any radio station. There is unfortunately

.very little that we can do about the ﬁrst group. However,

promotins like the Top 9lare geared exclusively for the
second group. It was conceived as a listener participation
promotion which we hope will get many new people to
tune in and ﬁnd out what WCDB is all about.

We are very proud of the fact that we are considered by
or peers to be one of the top ten college radio stations in
the entire nation. This is not based on the quantity of our
listeners, but on the quality of our broadcasts.

 

Jon Cosin is general manager of WCDB

 

'"IE FAR SIDE By GARY LARSON

   

 

 

"Saoooooy. aren't you a stronger in those parts?
Well, i don't take candy from strangers."

     

 

9 less UnIVIrilll Pro" Syndicate

 

“Well. we lust took the wrong exit. i know thin
brood. Morrison—you have to watch them every
minute or whom. they‘ll turn on you."

 

    

 

We

love Lucy .

To the Editor:

Do you find yourself standing outside an LC after hav-
ing spent the past our and a half listening to a lecture
which put you and the other 450 unamused students to
sleep? Well you are not the only one. Luckily, the State
University at Albany has someone on the UAS staff who
helps hundreds of students pick up their day and start a
new after lunch. This wonderful, sweet. culinary genius’s

I name is Lucy. She is the woman who makes sandwiches

on the deli side of the Indian cafeteria. she takes her place
to the extreme right hand side of the deli counter and
prepares great sandwiches for her many loyal patrons
who visit daily. Jeff Sorkin, a freshman on Indian Quad
said, “Lucy is an irreplaceable part of our day. She also

. makes a hell of tuna sandwich!" I asked Mark Kobrin-

sky. a communications major, what he felt about Lucy.
He remarked, “Lucy humanizes a dehumanized enviom-
ment." Another happy customer of Lucy’s is Steven
Levin, class of ‘87. He added, “Her sandwiches are
something to look forward to.” As I spoke to more and
more people who know Lucy, I realized just how valuable
a person she is to this University. I think Jim Dietz.
member of class council ‘88, summed up how we, Lucy's
regular clientele, fell about having her make sandwiches
for us. He praised her by saying, "She uses that ice cream
scoop with such proficiency as to turn an ordinary sand-
wich into a piece of artwork." Lucy, thank you for your
friendship, warm smiles, and heavenly sandwiches.

—- Jay Korsen

Not a -“ pick—up”

To the Editor: .

I am a transfer student and this is my second year here
at SUNYA. I have noticed something that, while
understandable to some extent, is also quite odd about

‘people in collegerThat is that. with respect to males and

females, too much anxiety about talking and becoming
friends.

 

 

Elilbllllrld In 1910
Heidi .I. (Irlill. Edllor In Chlol
Dun Chung, quph Funo. Man-ulna Editors

New- Ediitm.....  Ailcll Clmbora, James O‘Sulltvan

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

Music E Mlnhul Eek
Spade Edit "J "
‘ ' ‘ ' " Editor Mlle MICAdIm
can... Mam 3mm"
Editorial Page: Editor ..Roger Barnes

Minority Altair- Edltor E. Paul Stewart

John Keen-n, Senior Editor

Contrtbittlng Edlttm Dun Betl, David L.L. Laakln, Wayne Pooreboom
Editorial Aulmnic: Karen E. Book. Rachel Bmtcw. Pun Conway. Ken Dom-
blum. Betta Dumbo, Bill Jacob, Brenda Schuilsr Preview Editor: Pun
Suhueiermnn SII" wrllm: Ollvle Abel. Jlm Avery. Flam Bubluhhbave Blaito.
Lolita Gheit, Ethan Chuln, ion Clements, Andrea Carson. Mike Dormnnlky.
Galleon Dosinurier. Scott Elunthni. Cathy Errlg, More Fenian, Lind-
Groonberg, Lin Jacket. David Kano, Stacey item, Mellon Knoll. Mark Kobrln-
lky. Corey Lavitin. Caryn Mlake. Stave Rum, Lin Rlzrolo, Peter Sands,
erle Sanlacroeu. David Splitting. Koren Schlomy, Rick Swanson, Mich-oi
Skolnlck. Jim Thompson, Angelina Wong, Evan Wain-man. Frank Vunkor

Margie menthol, Bur/Mu MIIIIDCI
Stephanie Ichlneul. Anoclail Bunlnou Manager
Illurl Kuliott, Jacki Itidlmlty, Advert/ulna Manager-
Dltl Flellhor. Sllu Manager

lilting Amy Silbor
Payroll supervisor ........................................................ .. .Folioll Cassette
““m- Tracie Poul
Advertising sake: Karen Amulet, Frank Cole. Gummy Divlngilo, Drew Fung,
Rich Litt, Michelle Pllall, Donna Schrelbot Advent-lug Production: Greg
Bohr-nut, Betsy Botraill, Eileen Chan. Jlli Gunilla, Aiyta ergolln. Annette
Mullet. Sharon Rood, Eric Roth, Pam Bit Iplro. Roxanne Trombloy oiiioo amt:
Llu Biahior. Jonnltor Ghanaia-

 

 

Kirllon Grill. storm Flahorty, Assoc/Ito Producllon Man-gore

Gnu] Tuna-ANA: Innnnlnn D|muuo
Typinte: Laura Balms. Linda Chlcesltir, Sal D'Amnlo. Grace Flood. Tracie Paul,
Inga Sediovaky, Parr! Slraubat Puloup: Chtlo Coleman. Nancy Cremnn. E.
Phillip Hoover. Todd sto, Heather Bandnar, Amy sum, 0. Darrel But, M.D.
Thompson Chauffeur: Jim Lolly

Photography principally luppllod by Univerllty Photo Service. I Iludent

mu
ghlli't'hoiognpher: Kenny Kitsch 0P3 stett: Mlchul Ack ermnn. Shari Albert,
Myrna nrlvo, John Curry. Lynn Dtliius, Chuck Ginsberg, Exrn Mnurnr. Mark
Medinyliln. LIII elmmonu. Linn-a Spotllna. Erlcasnleual. Tlny- Stools. Cathy
Strand, Howard Tygar, Mark Veclr-Ili

Entire contents copyright ma Albany Student Prue Corporation, all right-
reserved.

The Albany student Prue in published Tucldlye and Frldlya betwnn
Annual and June by the Albany student Prone Corpotlllon. III independent
not-iot-protil corporation.

Editorials III written by the Editor In Chiai with mamborl of the Editorial
Board: policy is lubloot to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not I‘lICIIIIIIIY tetluet editorial policy.

Mailing Addie-I:
Albany Student Pun. CC 329
H00 Wuhlnglon Avr. I
Albany. NV 12222
(MB) “Rudd/566015002

 

 

At my other college it often seemed as though to simply
say “hi” to a girl was an insult or something. Many girls
could not say “hi” back. I really hoped that at a larger.
more academically-oriented university the situation might
be different, but this has not proven to be the case.

1 would welcome the op/portunity to ‘make friends with
some of the girls here in any kind of setting that lent itself
to that possibility. Unfortunately..there seems to be this
idea that if a guy tries to initiate a conversation with a
girl, what he is really trying to do is “pick her up.” This is
not always the case (believe it or not).

I do not mean to imply that all girls here are like this.
Much to the contrary. I’ve met some very nice girls at
SUNYA. However, this college stereotype has often made
the process much more difﬁcult than it should be.

While all of this might sound a bit crazy, I honestly
don’t believe it is. It comes from one who represents a
minority of students who are quiet. shy, and sensitive, but
who may, in fact. be out for one thing —- friendship.

~Miehael Hook

- Invest with interest

To the Editor:

This American Education Week (November 17-23),
educator want to stress that public education is a great in-
vestment, the wisest we‘ll ever make.

While we know that money alone will not buy better
education, there is a bottom line here; without it —- a lot
of it — we will not be able to solve the critical problems
facing our education system. We need a massive commit-
ment of federal and state resources to achieve the im-
provements the nation is demanding.

But as we approach the annual state budget process,
political leaders are privately hinting that this year, the
state will be unable to maintain the level of funding it has
provided in recent years. So. the National Education
Association of New York and others will be trying to con-
vince lawmakers that we simply can’t afford not to outdo
state spending efforts of the past.

Those who would drain public resources away from
public education for tuition tax credits and vouchers, or
posture over pieces of the buduget pie rather than make
education the top priority have not realized that for each
dollar not put toward public schools, we are deepening
society's economic losses. The cost for adult illiteracy in
lost production, unrealized tax revenues, welfare,
prisons, crime and related social ills is $225 billion a year.
Meanwhile, the national expenditure for public schools
last year was $116 billion.

New York State this year will spend $25,900 a year per
prison inmate, $60,000 a year for troubled youths in state
facilities and $5,373 per public school student. Obviously,
the costs to correct social ills is considerably greater than
education. Education is a cost effective investment that
pays . . and repays.

-— Thomas J. Pisa
President, National Education
Association of New York

Greek service

To The Editor:

This letter is in response to an ASP article, Oct 29; en-
titled “Greeks Take to Street in Attempt to Improve
Community Relations.” Having been a member of a
fraternity, Kappa Alpha Psi (KAPPA). at SUNYA for
the past three years, I was delighted and pleased to see
fellow greeks extending their services to the Albany
Community.

However, Phil Botwinik’s statement. “This is the first
step fraternities have taken to affect change in the
Universtiy Community," is incorrect.

During KAPPA’s five year history at SUNYA,
numerous programs have been initiated and provided
Albany's community (i.e. Toy Drive, Boys Club. Young
Builders). In fact, each pledge “line”. prior to initiation
into the fraternity had to complete a service project.

Other fraternities such as Omega Psi Phi and Phi Beta
Sigma plus Delta Sigma Theta Sorority have also spon-
sored service activites in the past. In addition Kappa
Alpha Psi will once again be readhing into the communi-
ty, as a part of “Kappa Week” November 10-16 which is
a service, career, athletic and social schedule of events.

Lastly, I know Botwlnk meant no harm by his state-
ment. 1 merely intended to correct his remark. Once
again, i’d like to say congratulations on a job well done
and hope that his fraternity and all others will continue to
achieve in every field of human endeavor, especially
where it comes to providing service in the community.

—I’au| David Brown

“a” ll!

Brew backer

To The Editor:

Next to the front page picture of Frank Pogue, the Vice
President for Stuident Affairs, reads the caption. “We
are'simply trying to reduce the temptation to over-
consume.” At ﬁrst glance the quote struck me as
awkward. Only after sneaking in another look was I
reassured. Frank Pogue is deﬁnitely not my mother; he
only sounds like her. Mr. Pogue proposes denying all
students of legal drinking age the right to consume beer
from bulk containers, to guard against potential OVCI'CJ‘J-
sumers. When the University Council's (U.C.) decision to
ban kegs and beer balls from suites was revealed in the
ASP (November 12), I wondered if Mr. Pogue had a
license to spread his absurd logic to innocent bystanders.

There is a very serious flaw in Mr. Pogue's philosophy.
Granted. some students over consume, however unless
these students are convinced that overconsuming is
unhealthy, abusive, and immature. they will not change
their drinking habits. You don't take candy from a child
because they are eating it too much. You approach the
problem by explaining that overconsuming candy is
unhealthy. The most philistine approach is to grab the
candy and say “no more!" Even my mother knows to
“ask” me to stop overconsuming. You see. nobody likes
being told what to do. By banning kegs and beer balls to
“reduce the temptation," Mr. Pogue indirectly poses a
challenge. Such as, see if you can get trashed without the
aid of bulk containers. This is not what he desires. Has
Mr. Pogue and the U.C. forgotten that a six-pack of Old
Milwaukee’s is still under two dollars? Have they been
enlightened about the affects of hard liquor? If the issue
is overconsumption, the answer lies in education. Once
the harm of alcohol and the petty logic behind getting un-
duly intoxicated is understood, the students will triumph
over temptation.

With all the facets of the argument against banning
kegs why doesn’t the U.C. change their decision? The
answer is very simple, peer pressure. I’m afraid the U.C.
is plagued by it. With so many ﬁne Universities modify-
ing or adopting strict drinking codes the U.C. feels it’s
only natural Albany should react. And if we did
not. . . well, “we’d be different!" So, instead of claim-
ing they are “reducing temptation," I beg the U.C. to
save us their worries. Admit that someone is laying the
pressure on thick, and now with the implementation of 21
you are entitled to ban kegs. Stop beating around the
bush; I’m just plain tired of it.

—Jahn Levin

Pay dues now

To The Editor:

Many students are not adequately informed about class
dues and their role in providing class-sponsored activities.
Your class would like to take a more active role in collec-
ting class dues. With approximately 3000 students in your
graduating class, the class treasury should reach $18,000
by the end of the first year! By the end of four years your
class should have collected $72,000!

But the fact is, many students wait until their senior
year when they have to pay all four years of class dues in
order to participate in Senior Week. This leaves the senior
class with an abundance of money, hence Senior Week —
many activities planned within 2-3 weeks. So ﬁnally the
senior class is united, participates in some great events,
gets the opportunity to meet so many other seniors — just
in time to graduate.

Your class council would like to unite your class before
you're all seniors! In the past, they've had a difﬁcult time
providing good activities due to lack of support from
their class. With the drinking age change effective in
December. social life on campus is in for a heavy decline
— that's why your class would like to build up its treasury
— not only to compensate for the potential gap in campus
life but to plan better events on a more regular basis.
Anyone who was at Fountain Day last year or who par-
ticipated in musical chairs or who attended Mayfest
knows SUNY Albany is a potential social school and con-
trary to Lisa Birnbach’s belief, it has its share of school
spirit. Your class council would like to increase the
number and quality of events on campus.

Support Your Classll

—.llll Averill
—Suzanne Krndener

 

Bring letters to CC 329

 

 

 

 

,J..

 

