 

 

 

    

1M ..

 

‘ 'LSAT-GMAT- Gas. 
 LIVE CLASSES - v

' TEST-NTAPE' LIBRARY
0 REINFORCEMENT TEST
O HOMESTUDY PACKET
CLASSES STARTING
THis SUM M ER

 
 
    

 

  

—  offers all   
chance to learnabout self. Others:

By Tamara Richman
Fact: Out of the approximately 2.000 freshmen
entering SUNY Albany, through accepted statistics
we may assume that 200 are gay or lesbian.
We may also assume that there are a total of over
1,600 gay- or lesbian students at SUNYA. '
For may gay men and lesbians, college is the time
to come out of closet- Away from family and old
friends, college is an opportunity
to redeﬁne a sense of who you
are. Part of everyone's self-
definition is his or her sexuality.
For homosexual students, this
may be the best time to begin to
express a special part of themselves.
The State University of New York has a non-
discrimination policy that includes the gay and les-
bian community. This means that any student,

People
Like Us

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

' F 8: 8'5 VOLKSWAGEN SHOP
FULL SERVICE/N.Y.S. I
New & Used Parts
1436 Western Avenue
Albany. NY 12203

("a mile east of Northwayi 489-7738

 

 

Introductory Special
Get In Shape NOW! Look Great All Summer!
lst Time <é>
I Members only ‘ '
if Offer limited to ﬁrst 100 people. I
if all people were the same height, weight and age, and if all
people wanted the same goals. we'd need only one type of
exercise program.
But people are different in ever way! At "Body Works" my
trainers and 1 design an exercise program to fit your individual
specifications on our many different types of exercise.
equipment. Let us teach you the proper way to exercise for
fast results.
Health and Fitness Center
Experienced Experts in the Health Industry

489-4415 Located at the corner of South Allen St.
and New Scotland Ave. Albany (Across from st. _peter's
Hospital).

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Summerize”Yourself for
h the tanning season! 7

Professional Waxing
with the Gigi Honee Method

7 Evening Hours — Affordable Rates
IOS Wolf Road. Suite i4 4504242

 

 

teacher or other SUNYA community member is
protected under SUNY rules from discrimination in
grading employment. membership in clubs. dor-
mitory resident and other university services.

What can Albany offer gay and lesbian students?
During the fall and spring‘semesters. the Gay and
Lesbian Alliance holds Tuesday meetings at 8:30
pm. in Campus Center 375. Other SUNYA services
are the Lesbian and Gay Center and support groups
at Middle Earth.

Albany itself has eight gay or lesbian bars and
organizations such as the Capital District Lesbian
and Gay Community Center.

The Gay and Lesbian Alliance was f rmed in
l97l. GALA serves the entire community —
homosexual. bisexual and straight. Aside from the
Tuesday meetings. we offer films, outings. parties.
counseling through Lambda Peers. a speakers‘
bureau and referral services.

During office hours. feel free to stop by the
GALA office (Campus Center 333) for coffee. in-
formation or just to talk. GALA is open to
everyone who is interested in gay and lesbian issues.

Why should you join or visit GALA? Everyone
seems to have different reasons.

NEWS UPDA TE S

Fire damages Thruway House

The Albany Thruway House. which serves as
housing for a number of SUNYA students was
seriously damaged in a fire May 5.

According to the off-campus association publica-
tion Downtown, eight SUNYA students were
displaced by the three-alarm lire and relocated into
other rooms at the hotel due to electrical damage
caused by the fire.

Michael Pantick of Troy was arrested by Albany
police May 6. less than 24 hours after the incident.
Pantick was charged with two counts of arson and
committed to the Albany County Jail for
psychiatric examination. Pantick is an ex-employee
of the Albany, Thruway House. Downtown
reported.

UAS buys vending machines

In an effort to provide better service and increase
the revenues of University Auxilliary ' Scr-
vices(UAS), new vending machines are being iii-
stallcd on campus.

According to Norb Zahm. UAS General
Manager. the new machines were bought by UAS
instead of being leased from a private corporation.
The machines cost about $148,000 and will be com-
pletely installed by the end of June.

The machines have a greater capacity and will
hold a more varied selection than the old machines.
but there will be fewer machines around. said
Zahm. adding that there will no longer'be machines
selling sandwiches or hot foods. "Most people

WANTTOKNOW ' ' .
M-IAT'SGOINGON? '

The ASP wil be reaming News Writers this fall.
Watch for signs or come up to CC 332.
Experience is helpful. but really not necessary.

  

GALA has something to offer everyone. For a
gay man or lesbian woman, involvement in GALA
can be a way of getting involved in politics. learning
about gay history, speaking your mind at discus-
sions, exploring your feelings about yourself and
other people or meeting new friends. ‘ ‘

lt can'also be a way of learning about the current
social and legal status of the gay community, speak~
ing on a panel to people outside of GALA. doing
volunteer work for an organization that you 'can

relate to or simply a way of taking some time to .

relax and enjoy yourself at” the office..a potluck din-
ner or a party. I ' .

For a straight person. GALA can be a placci'to
visit and learn about the gay and lesbianipeople
around you. Most of you have h‘omosexual‘fricnds,
family or acquaintances. This can be your oppor-
tunity to learn more about their lives, their thoughts
and feelings and come to an understanding of.how
you feel about gay and lesbian issues.  ‘

Through GALA you can stand up for the rights
of the gay and lesbian people you know, and in do-
ing so. get to know them even better. _ 1

Another benefit of visiting GALA is the wealth
of information that you will have access to. GALA
has files on subjects ranging ' from I AIDS.
homophobia. gay and lesbian history. coming but,
.parents of gay and lesbians. relations between
homosexuals and straights. lists of gay bookstores.
National Gay Task Force, gay and lesbian legal
issues, sexual harassment and gay vacation guidess.

GALA is open during the summer. Summer

‘hours are posted on the office door. and the
telephone number is 442-5672. '

After hours, call 463-3467 and ask for Tamara.
who is available at any hour to answer questions
and offer help. Mail can be sent to SUN YA GALA.
Box 22740, Albany, l2222. Any questions will be
answered if a self-address. stamped envelope is
included. r

GALA extends a warm welcome to all incoming
and current students and staff. - -

won't even notice they‘re gone.” he said.

Interim directories printed I

The university has printed its first interim
telephone directory and will go to press with the se-
cond printing in about two weeks in an effort to
publicize SUNYA‘s new 442 telephone exchange.
according to Gary Pelton. Director of Telephone
Systems. ‘

The interim directory does not feature student
telephone numbers but concentrates on faculty; ad-
ministrators, staff. and campus - offices. said
Pelton. The first directory was distributed on May
l3. before the June 7 exchange changeover.

According to Pelton, the first printing cost $l400
and the second printing would be around the same
amount. The l985-l986 directories featuring the
new telephone numbers of students will not be
printed until the fall. said Pelton. ‘

I
W Patios on the Plaza

‘Party on the Plaza'. a series of free outdoor con-
certs sponsored by WQBK and featuring local
Albany bands will debut June 20 at Empire State
Plaza.

The concerts which will run through ‘August 29.
are for the benefit of Easter Seals. according to
John Cooper. Programming Director of WQBK.

Blotto and the Newports will play the opening
show and an additional sshow may be added in
September to make up for the concert cancelled
June l3 due to bad weather.

According to Cooper, WQBK raised $25,000 for
Easter Seals last year and hopes to do the same this
year. Money is raised through the sale of non-
alcoholic beverages. Coopcr said.

 

..... 1,,

 

 

 

SA appointees

By Eric Hindln - ‘ ” 4-
STAFF WRITER

’Student Association‘s newly
appointed ofﬁcers have revamped
their domains and are gearing up
.to get their new ideas of how to
increase student involvement in
SA into action. -' "

SA’S' new staff includes

cisco Duarte as Minorites Affairs
Director, Bette Ginsburg as Pro=
gramming Director. | Eric
Schwartzman as Controller, and

Doug Tuttle as Media Director. ‘ '-

The Committee responsible for
selecting the new staff included
SA_ President Steve Gawley. SA
Vice-President Ross Abelow, the

‘ previous holder of the position

being interviewed for. and a
member of the Minority Affairs
ofﬁce. Candidates were given a-
.maximum of five points in each
of three categories: innovation.
knowledge, of position, and
presentation.

' Gawley had the final decision
on all appointments and had the
power to veto the decisions of the
committee. according to the SA
constitution. No appointments
were vetoed. however said
Gawley. explaining that “the top
scorer was chosen in every case."

Enthusiasm and. spirit about
SA. and the' students SA
represents, are just some of the
qualities Ginsburg has. according
to Gawley. Experience, while also
a factor. “was overridden by at-
titude." Gawley said.

Last year's programming direc-
tor. Patty Salkin, was one of the
best SA ever had. said Ginsberg,
adding that she hopes to build
upon the momentum Salkin
started. .

Thlsoffice will differ from past

, offices by once and for all “fiXing

the no spirit image" that SUNYA
has had, said Ginsberg. To com-
bat student apathy, Ginsberg said
she is planning activities such as
pep rallys. a Gel-a-Jump, jello
wrestling. and a carnival. To
revive the popularity of the Rat,

Karon Wilson

 

 

Wisori searCh continues

v",-

Ginsberg said “we will decorate
the Rat, as a means of drawing
students to the establishment and
show films towards the same
goal." ' .
Major changes are being plann-
ed in‘ SA’s Minority Affairs of-
fice, according to Duarte. .“The ‘
changes are definitely needed,"
said Gawley. “in the past the of-
fice lacked direction, and did
nothing. it must _now gregain
credibility." he added.

Duarte said he anticipated that
his job would be difficult. calling
the position very "sensitive".

The office will differ from past
offices, according to Duartek
because g it's whole organization
will be revamped." “lt~ will;‘no.:
longer be'one person. but instead
will consist of a network of per-
sons." he said. There will be
several committees, each headed

by Duarte. which will consist of -

persons recruited from'the stu-
dent body. representing all the
various minority groups, Duarte
said. “These persons. and myself,

Francisco Duarte, mlnorlty affairs director.

 

U...

will keep in close contact with the
twenty minority clubs on cam-
pus.” Duarte added.

SA’s media office will also be
taking on many new functions,

for the upcoming school year said

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

' Your
Ice Cream
Fantasy

~k \‘isit us zit Stuyvesant Plant

* Frcs‘h made European-style
ice crown desserts

* limaklitst. lunch. linincli.
light (linllt'l‘ fair

 

 
   

Efforts to find missing SUNY'A student Karen Wilson continue,

reward fund is to be held June 22 in Plattsburgh, New York,
Wilson's hometown.

weekend is intended to enhance children's safety awareness and to
help Wilson's parents continue their search. .
Wilson has been missing since March 27. She is believed to have

Avenue.
Wilson is about five feet. three inches tall. She weighs “3

blue Jeans. a blue short-sleeved shirt. a white raincoat and white
tennis'shoes. She may have been wearing large-rimmed glasses.
Anyone with any information is urged to contact the SUNYA

Troop Six at 783-32”.

 

  

as a Walk-a-thon to raise money to add to the Karen Wilson ‘

An auction and a carnival will also be held on June 23. The '
been last seen walking south on Fuller Road toward Washington
pounds and has light sandy brown hair and brown eyes. On the '

night of her disappearance, she is believed to have been wearing .

Public Safety Department at 442-3131 or New York State Police '

* Open 7 days it week
' ~Ir ’ilic writ-ct after theatri-
haven

America's Unique tieiaturiii
Fuller ﬂorid Entrance
Stuyvesant I’le
Albany

 

Phone: 432-3677
Hours:

'Monday-SUnday
.. roam-12 Md

rivingﬁfora

    

 

 

 

Tuttle. in the past, persons in the
media office did little more than
print up posters, said Tuttle.
"The media director should wear
two hats, that of a source of in-
formation for the campus and it’s
community, and that ofa student
advocate.” he added. ‘ '
» Tuttle and Gawley have already
met with Albany Mayor Thomas
Whalen concerning the issue of
student. polling places. “The city
is trying to take away student's
right to vote.” charged Tuttle. f‘l
will do everything i can to con—
vince the city to adopt a different
course of action. I will also be ac-
cessible to any newspapers or
media other than The Voice who
desire information it the subject,"
he added.

This year. according to Tuttle.

_ the media office will be playing an

icreased role in SA’s efforts in

'many other issues which affect

students, including Albany's
grouper law which prohibits any
more than three unrelated persons
living in the same rental unit. and
the proposed 2l-year-old drinking
age. “I will also be working quite
closely with other members of SA
in formulating a strong statement

Eric K. Copland 5

Attorney at Law

V SLIM/trait; {198‘s (D. ALBANY vabeNr PRESS 7

yearn: innovation

concerning SA’s position on apar-
theid," Tuttle added.

According to Schwartzman.
tlte Controller’s ofﬁce will be
more involved with helping the
various groups plan their ac-
tivities this year. The assistant
controller will also take on an in-
creased role. in ‘this area. added
Schwartzman

Schwarzman was the only ap-
plicant for the position, according
to Gawley. “No one else had as
much experience as Eric,” said
Gawley, " and that probably
discouraged any other potential
applicants from _app|ying."
Schwartzman has been involved
with various groups for three
years. Gawley added, and is a
solid accounting student.

Being involved with SA is ex-
cellent experience, said Schwart-
zman. adding that he hopes to
gain experience in areas like con-
tract law, and promotions.
through his involvement with SA.
“l anticipate putting in 40 to 50
hour work weeks, during the
school year." Schwartzman add-
ed. C.

 

Practice- Limt'ted to
Immigration and Nationality Law
and Labor Certifications

488 Broadway, Albany. NY 12207

 

(518) 434-0175

 

 

. 52991;st
‘Sjgiyvesant Plaza
Mon: Fri. 7a.m. - 9p.m.
_S_a_t_, 7‘a..m.- 6pm.

Sun. 7a.m.-

demons r
1 “MS”?

5 pm.

 

Hot Fresh Bagels
Homemade Soup ‘
We also have
Cookies and Tofu
for dessert.

tr - um "AWM 3cm..."

 

- inun-

 

 

 

I

 

