 

 

.-=. ner

June 17, 1985

 

 

"THERE Ms A Pause

or— Peorcwo swam—'95,

met) A MATCH Hilda)..." Ti—iAT?.. Vou’vE 8560
_~ . I. on I
RERRWQ  "LR 9” " ' M

’ ABSOLUTE LY SHOCKED!

A CLvRSE D
TEL GOHoME .’
O

HELLO ?., 0H , Haw
Snow; 1.. anr ’s

 

 

tgHAT ON ' l I ASSAULTED
Yaagg—‘iwgﬂe A HAIRSTYLIST.’
CHARGED wmi?

 

‘ lcrack'
the closed door,
opening myself
to the danger" ‘\
of my sister's
sleeping hole.
Planted vines
of pantyhose
weave webs among
shed clothes of
weeks ago.
camouflaging
the slender
outline of.
legs
legs ,
legs
and.
miles away, '
a head.
i whisper her name.
She slithers forward
in her sleep.
At the threat
of Good Morning
she hisses and
retreats.

 

 

  . Loren-Ginsberg

 

 

 

You’ll need a new salon now that you’re
at SUNYA. We're easy to get to, we offer
all the. latest styles and products and
there’s always a student discount.

alien’s
alien’s
alien’s

Hairstyling For
Man a Woman

   
  
 

  

.
'Drmnot r s
rel CIIII

Jade Fountain D
331... u\ U

1660 WESTERN AVE.

869- 7817

[Always a Student Discount. l

Ian-o. I0 \- us.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LIETHON

 

is celebrating its 20th anniversary!

TELETHON was the first and is the
largest. student—run telethon in the country.

TELETH-ON raises money for children’s
charities in the Capital District area.

LOOK FOR OUR EVENTS, including:
Rock and Roll Warfare, Night at the? Rat,
Dance Marathon, parties and trips and
more in the fall!

‘ If you Want to get involved come to our
general interest meeting Wednesday,
October 2, at 7:30 in LC 6, or call Lisa or
Suzanne at 45 7-5117, or leave a message at
the SA office.

[232 IT FOR

 

 

Funded

 

. .. .. . ~olvvr—~ ~t......»~-t.u.

ulu'::M\s-V\.\.'Lir.'\a A 4'. V

 

 

 

 

s. n a u u u .i n .. u 'u n. k. "at . 'a'lt’a‘A—A '4“... .3". ‘-|'.A "th "A'iainl'x'etHx‘TKT-sl.17. ~. 5. '-  .' ~ ‘ . ‘

 

Welcome to 
Ev;:o::°t: the State University of  York, 

 

Albany. Welcome to one of the finest Student Associai "
tibns in the country and mount has histbridally prided V

itself on being a leader in the pursuit of students' tights. ‘
incoming students have always added tremendous vitality
to the ~ Association through their participation.
,My particular message centers upon the rebirth of stu-
dent activism and student participation in the democratic
process. The echoes of a new and burgeoning student
movement are being heard around the nation. it seems
that everywhere students are becoming politically aware
and are turning their'focus outward. Recently. in New
York state, Columbia and Stony Brook students staged
massive demonstrations in protest of the apartheid regime
of South Africa, Last November. your University was
oneof the leaders in the nation in student voter turnout.
Students are coming tOgether to create a powerful voice
for social justice and forgsocial change.
As you enter SUNYA'.’ you will be faced with many new
and challenging academic responsibilities. Soon after-
ward. however. you will also see the potential for ex-
tracurricular involvement to enhance your overall ex-
perience at the University. Most of you were involved in
the non-academic activities of your high school. The
Albany Student Association offers countless oppor-
tunities to get involved and fulfill 'that need.
The Student Association funds over 90 student ‘
organizations. through our yearly budget of Well over
l.000.000 dollars. From the lrish Club to the student-run
radio Station, there is ample opportunity to explore your
interests. in terms of social and cultural enrichment. S.A.
adds much to the University community.
Each year. the Student Association is faced with
another enormous task. it is charged with representing
students' interests on University. community. state and
national issues. On an administrative level. S.A. faces up
ponents who control University governance bodies. in
issues outside the confines of our University, Student
AssOciation utilizes somewhat limited resources to battle
against opponents who have far greater power in terms of
money and political influence. S.A. has achieved many

 

 

  

_. ‘- ﬂatmates

Established In 1916
Heidi Jo Grails. Editor In Chief ,
Dean Chang.*.lohn Keenan. Managing Editors

News Editors ..........  .....  ............................. ..
Alicia Cimbora. James O‘Suliivan

Associate News Editors..-................... ...... ..

l llene We nsteln
ASPoeta Editor ................  ........... 
, . Loren Ginsberg
Associate ASPeets Editor ..................  ....... "a...
lan Spoiling

 

Sports Editor 
Marc Barman.
Editorial Pages Editor ...........................  ............ "4

Joseph Fusco.
David L.L. Laskin. ‘ ,
Senior Editor

Contributing Editors... ........  .....  .............. ..
Patricia MitchellI Rina Young

Editorial‘ ‘ ‘

 

Pam Schusterman

Staff Writers: Tom Bacon..lan Clements. Eric
Hindln. Bill Jacobs, Norman Kee

Chris Blnghi. Business Manager

Entire contents copyright 1935 Albany Student Press Con
poration. all rlohta reserved. I

iTha Albany Student Press is published Tuesdays and
Fridays between August and June by the Albany Student
Press Corporation. an independent not-lor-proiit
corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chief with
members at the Editorial Board; policy is subiocl to review
by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy does not
necessarily rsiieot editorial policy. ‘

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 829
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(518) 442-6880I6862

\

 

 

WM

“3..., ..........., -.,

  

 

 

 

   

‘greatsucees‘ses. However. 'it_ has alsoexperle’nce‘d enough
failure'to‘make students realize that much more must be
don’er Albany bears the heavy responsibility of setting
an e'tta‘mple in every facetsi'of student government and stu-
dent activism for the reiti‘of the State} it is imperative for
studetits to' get involved with the activist organizations on

' campus.‘ S.A.'s Student Action Committee and the

N.Y.P.l.R.G. chapter are two grassroots organization
dedicated to actively pursuing students' issues.

,_- The educational value ofactually being involved in the

political process. through Such advocacy organizations, is
immense. Rather than simply listening to the textbook
version of our political system in lectures. you can
become part of that System. From a personal perspective.
the vast bulk of my understanding of the system has come
through direct participation in the process as an advocate
for students. , r ' ’ V

l urge you-to'ente'r this University looking outward and
to fully experience SUNYA. Keep abreast of the issues
that uncern all of us as.students.'Keep alert and be will-
~ing to participate when.on certain issues stur' .nts must

. unite as one. ~‘

‘Ulent' Association can only be truly effective with
your participation. We are located in Campus Center l l6.
The door is always open.

' —Steve Gawley
SA President

An Albany benefit

To the Editor:

During the year. many students have offered only
negative comments about this university and about the ci-
ty surrounding it. A positive comment is long overdue.

The WQBK radio station has offered the Albany area

‘ its Christmas present early this year as it has done in years

past. WQBK‘ sponsors free outdoor concerts featuring
local Albany bands to benefit the Easter Seals founda-
tion. The Capital District rocks with ‘Party on the Plaza‘.

' Not only does QBK‘S efforts benefit a very worthy
cause. ‘Party on the Plaza' offers the Capitol District 21

musical alternatiVe to the often unreachable and often

sold out concerts at the Saratoga Performing Arts Center.
‘Music is not only for the ears of those who can afford the

No one
WOrk "On 
Lots of 0,...
Writing, 
lasing .sle

 .~.-..t.w.... :ai‘.»x:\._.‘  . -

  
 

price of a concert ticket. music is for everyone to enjoy.
‘WQBK and the bands who perform should be highly
commended for all their efforts.

‘ — Kristine Sauer

Off—campus surprises

To the Editor:

For the ﬁrst two years of college. living in the dorms
was a_ necessary evil. 'Off—campus living was a utopian
lifestyle that only juniors and seniors were privy to. Last
year. the time ﬁnally came when i too. could indulge in
the pleasures of off~eampus life. Well Gracie. life ain‘t all
it's cracked up to be.

Put aside the exorbitant rents. the poor livingcondi-
tions and the total lack of parking facilities for a moment.
Disregard the landlords who can't speak English, the
hacked-up toilets and the oven that just won‘t work.
Students deserve a better fate. A far better fate than what
was in store for six friends who chose to live on Elberon
Street in the heart of Albany's high-crime district.

One of our friendly neighbors who lived right down the
street from us decided to throw a housewarming party in
our honor. The only problem was. he failed to invite us.
We forgot to leave the door open for him. so he had to
kick the back door in. Silly us. Evidently. Robin Hood
must have been the man‘s childhood idol. He stole from
the rich to give to the poor. ostensibly himself.

By the time our little visitor was through. he made off
with more titan $l200 worth of our possessions. A police
officer kindly informed us that our valuables were pro-
bably sold for $30 on the street. So much for our heroic
Robin Hood.

Two weeks later, a burglar was caught in our upstairs
apartment. We don’t know if he committed the first
theft. butit didn‘t matter. Our apartment. our space. our
home. was violated again. He didn't just take our VCR.
he took our video tapes. isn't anything sacred anymore?

We have since moved from Elberon Street. and we wish
the new tenants luck. We're paying a little more. living in
even smaller quarters-‘— but it's worth the peace of mind.
We're only two blocks‘away from Elberon. but it seems
like miles. So here‘s to the joys of off-campus life. Toga.
anybody?

— David Weller

  
   
    
   

rtur‘tities in
 business,
missing

classes,  other fun

things

 r  college

f__f 1e. So slither on

  

5 Center 3 32

NEWS SPORTS ASPECTS PRODUCTION BUSINESS

 

 

 

 

