 

  

e

6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDAY. MARCH 15, I985

SUpreme CourtOverrules “suspensionpb

By Barbara S. Abrahamer
STAFF WRITER

Student Association Supreme Court decided to uphold
a victory awarded to an intramural floor hockey team on
February 19. but overturned a suspension issued against
one team member in a hearing held Tuesday in the Cam-
pus Center. '

The case stemmed from an Albany Men's intramural
Association (AMIA) floor hockey game between “14
Karat" and “The Deal.” Evan Nadler, a player on “The
Deal." was suspended from AMlA after a fight between
the two teams at the match. '

In his testimony Nadler stated that when a player on l4
Karat. Jeff Sehnapper. _"insisted on repeatedly
crosschécking" him. Nadler said he “retaliated. in an at—
tempt to discourage this continued abuse. by slashing at
Schnhpper’s leg."

Nadler said that Schnapper then took'a' swing at him.
knocking him to the floor. The referees ended the game
immediately after the incident, which turned into a

Junk food theologistoffers an} unusual theory

By Robert Beniatto

The briskness outside was in sharp contrast to the
warmth and good feeling inside Chapel House a week ago
Wednesday. and in the same vein. College of St. Rose
professor W. Bruce Johnson outlined the contrast of fast
food and homecooking in an analagy of today’s religion
and science. '

Johnson spoke after the community supper had been
eaten and everyone had helped put the benches in order
and cleaned up. Johnson. whose talk was called “Junk
Food Theology,” began his lecture by discussing how
junk food is the substitute for Mom's cooking. However.
there is a difference in eating at home and at a junk food
restaurant,Johnson said, because "junk food is no good
not because of what’s in it. but. because of what's not in
it."

“You can't appreciate a meal in a junk food restaurant
without ambiance, while at home you can because the
meal creates a community."

Johnson proceeded to show how the movie Star Wars is ~ .

a substitute for religion in the same way.McDonald's has
become a substitute for home-cooked meals.

Star Wars answers five questions about
religion.including things like good and evil. why people

  

I. s " Patrice Johnson

in desperation. we wanted to reach out to you

We wanted to shelter you after you were cast (out into
the cold ‘

You must have felt lonely. ~

But we were with you all the way \ 

We ‘wanted to cover you beneath our wings of
strength. so that the hands that sought to take you
away from your high stand would fall.

But we didn't know just how to assist you

We began to know of the negativities associated with
“helpless”

We sought the truth; we wanted to know why our gift
had been captured?

Captured by the hands of authority

As usual. we were left ignorant in the darkness; the
truth was perfectly hidden front us

Were they afraid we would become unified and act?
Of course they must have known that only a fool or
complete eurocentric mind would passsively be
defeated

We cried. we cried for our mental warrior

We cried. we cried for our blessing

For truly you are a blessing

_ln our darkest and neediest hour.

You knocked on our door

Some welcomed your stay. others wished you would

 

"bench brawl" when another member of The Deal. Al
Sasserath. “ran at Sehnapper." according to Nadler. and
“all of 14 Karat left the team’s bench." ‘
At a later AMlA Council hearing Sasserath and
Sehnapper received suspensions of varying duration for
their parts in the incident. and both teams were assessed a

“malicious aggressor" in the incident. and as such he was“
suspended. He added. however. that “you donft need a
malicious aggressor to issue a suspension. To keep order‘ .'
and to keep discipline. AMlA can suspend anyone.“
While not stated speciﬁcally in‘the AMIA constitution.“

Rein said that this policy'isbase‘d on tacit understandingr-l - ‘

loss for their involvement in the bench bra-.vl. in_accor-’ \ The awarding of the winvto 14 Karat was “standard "

dance with AMlA rules. in addition, however, Nadler
received a suspension for the remainder of the season and
probation for next year. and 14 Karat was awarded a win
for the game. it was these last two decisions that angered
Nadler. he said. ' '
“The Council meeting was a circus," said Nadler. “Sit-
ting on Council were three members of 14 Karat. Why
were players who‘ were involved in the incident allowed to
sit on Council when the‘sanctions against their team were
to be determined?" he asked. ’
According to Scott Rein. an AMIA Council member. it
is unlikely that Council members were swayed. or in:

- timidated. as Nadler alleged. by the presence of 14 Kar'a't‘

players during the Council's deliberations.
Rein said that Sehnapper was determined to be the

question God. what is God like.and is there really a god in
this age of modern science. Johnson said. '

The answers to the questions raised by Star Wars. ac-
cording to Dr. Johnson. are that “good and evil are mix-
ed together in the world and that's the way it is.”

One doesn’t know what God is like. however. “a day
without God is a day without sunshine.” he said. adding
that humans.get to God the way Luke Skywalker got to
the force.“which is in us and which eminates from us."

One can believe in God during this day of modern
science. because “ if the force sounds like magic, so is
science.” Ergo, religion and science both deal in magic
and can exist together, he said.

Johnson went on to ask whether the answers given to us
by Star Wars are adequate ones..To answer this. Johnson
compared them to the answers a Christian theologist
would give. ' v

,A theologist, he explained. would say one doesn‘t
know why there is both good and bad in this world. “it is
a mystery and this is what we call the mystery of evil.”

Neither can a person be sure, Johnson said. which
theology will get one' to God. However. “we do know
that all theologies are not equal."

By believing in God .having faith, one can get to it. and
people can believe in God during this day of modern
science. because. “sciencegstudies medium size pieces of

Gordon ’3 departure leaves a void in many

Because you stayed

You knew of our mental needs before many have con-

sciously been alerted to the voids that you have filled

You came equipped — mentally. spiritually. and

resourcefuliy intact

You made your entrance bearing the torch — the

torch of wisdom —- the torch of truth

You meant business

You are a tower — a tower founded on purity.

strength, and wisdom

These three have surfaced your beauty and radiance

Each facet no greater than the other

All are of equal force and essence

Your unselfishncss and sensitivity persuaded you to

help instill in us also a tower ' I “

A tower of knowledge through" history find self

identity

A tower of love captivated by understanding cultural

differences ‘ ‘

With .Afroccntricity and sociological concepts as

channels of information. you have not only incor-

porated within us towers. but you have taught us the

way in which to build our own towers

Self sufficiency!

Although your attention and presence was requested

from many angles.

You always made the time for us

it was as though your utilization by us was mandated

How physically drained you must have been.

Yet you were always there at our request constantly
‘ interacting — smiling. talking. and then, listening

Always there

We knew not fully of your oppositions. foes and

strifes

We are ignorant to all the culprits

Because information has been covered and sealed

Just rest assured that in all your combats. you are not

alone

Our willingness to help and our spirit shall be your

operating procedure" .in_ a game where one team was
leading by a number of goals. Rein said. The score when
the game was called was 6-2 in favor 0H4 Karat. Nadlet,
hoWever, said that “14 Karat players caused the game to

» .-

be ended early. Whyshould‘ they 'get the-win?“

in issuing the Court's decision. Chief Justice Steve"
Sinatra noted that‘ Nadler‘s actions “were not out of the ‘

V ordinary" and that “he deserved at most a minor'penal-

ty." However. AM lA's decision" to givel4 Karat the win ‘
was upheld by the Court .‘as “standard'operating pro-i“:

'cedure" under the circumstances.

Nadler’s suggestion thatfi‘n‘o member of a team involv- -
ed in a dispute which may result in sanctions against :l‘t‘at’ ‘
. . V . . , .  , *1-

 (a.

dry goods and this is irrelevant to the development of
God. God is not in competition with science." ' -

'Therefore. said Johnson. the answers given by Star
Wars "are better than zero. but. they are also junk
food." '

Johnson also said that the problem with junk food in
religion is that “it closes your eyes to experience."

‘Junk Food Theology," added Johnson, expresses the
premise that “if it doesn't feel good it isn’t good and if it
doesn’t feel bad it isn't good." Nevertheless, he said, in
religion “an adequate diet is one that satisﬁes you (makes
you feel good) and kills you (makes you feel bad) at the
same time." ' "

An adequate theology is_ one that says “you're a
wonderful person and you stink at the same time,” he
said. . . '

“We all want evil to disappear," said Johnson ,‘ffe -.
cept good will not triumph over evil by beating 
hugging it to death.” _  H V . 'y "' ”

t

At the end of the lectureQJohnson defined his answer
to what an adequate theology is. it “is one whichforces
you to listen to the other guy’s theology becau'Se you
don’t have an answer yet. Titus. getting an adequate
theology is a lifelong search." ' ‘ - El

constant shadows
As you strive to perfect the imperfect and to resurrect
— give new life to that which has been stilled.
Some’will become offended and intimidated

May they look at the intent ,of.y0ul'.£oai_and not sole-
ly at the consequences that may arise in trying to ac-
complish it ‘

Nevertheless.>many will continue to become inspired
You have given elevation a boost ,» ‘
You have given intelligence a depth
You have given power a new strength '
Not -only are you the epitome of the afro-amerlcan
woman, but you reﬂect the nakedness and beauty of
an unveiled character '
We have longed for equality and elevation from the
moment ofour first breath So when one ofus makes it
at the top it will simultaneously enhaiice his/her
people. I

‘ D
We must not allow authority to remove our candle
that bears light 
Dr. Vivian Gordon. you are the light
A light that no wind or force can put out
You have shined wisdom and authenticity within
many that will exist with immortality

Shine on Dr. Gordon

Stand tall our great tower

You will not fall

We will not let you

As you have been strong for us

We will be strong for you

As many will cast stones your way '

Bear all ‘
Your light will not blacken. your tower will not
tumble;

You cannot die. ‘ ' ' "

 

 

journey. but to no avail

' .rmtemsmmwmvhnmwmr». st;‘~<.».~».r.-~.v_.._:., . .. ,.

By Bill Jacob .
New York State has been pro-

gressive in 'the women’s rights

movement and provides women

with “one of the widest choice bf .
opportunities in the country." ac-_

cording to Judith Azner,‘Assis-

tant Director of the New York.

State Division for Women. ..
Azner. a SUNYA graduate,

spoke to a group of students at

Russell Sage College in Troy

Wednesday night On women's.

rights and New York State's role
in the issue. . . -' ‘

Although New York-does not.

have an Equal Rights Arnendi

ment. Azner said she feels'the. '

State has made progress in

women's rights in recent years. .

except in one area. “We have

/

 

madea lot of progress in equality

and anti-discrimination law. but
.,at the same time .we seem to have '
"regressed in the area of family

law." she said. Some women are
still not being treated fairly in
family court. sheadded.

~The ERA must pass two vital

tests, according to Azner. in

order for la.State Constitutional

‘ amendment to be passed in New

York, the amendment must be
by two consecutive ses-

sions of the State legislature and _
" then be approved at a gener

election. I '

v- .» lnrvl975, the State ERA to the
state constitution was not approv-v

ed by New York voters. Azner
said that this might reﬂect a
“dead” election year which she

Legislative consideration 'of

explained to be a year in which
there are not many iterhs on the
ballot, resulting in a smaller voter
turnout.

If the legislature passes the
amendment next year and the
following year. it would appear
on the ballot in l987, when voter
turnout is once again expected to
be less than averagekAzner said.
» Eyen when considering the
amendment‘s postponement.
Azner said she is not optimistic
that it ‘will pass. “The composi-
tion of the legislature hasn't
changed much in the past ten
years."-she said. adding that this
is evident since thenmendment
did not reach the Senate chamber
after having been passed by the
Assembly last year.

[FRIDA Y. MARCH 15. I985 ill-ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

ERA Seen in 1986

Azner praised Governor Mario
Cuomo for being supportive of
women's rights during his ﬁrst
term. Cuomo created the Division
for Women in November. 1983.
making it the most powerful
women’s rights-oriented ofﬁce in
state governments. according to
Azner.

Ronnie Eldridge, Director of
the Division for Women. is a
member of Cuomo's Cabinet and
senior staff.‘ The Division for
Women serves many functions in
the ﬁeld of women’s rights. Azner
said. it is working on such issues
as "tracking" in public schools.
which means that students often
face pressure from teachers and
peers with regard to sex roles.

Azner. using the computer ﬁeld

 

 

Business Education
<Front Pogo ' I '
areas such ~as academic advisement.

The report additionally recommended .
a careful review of the program after a
specific time period had elapsed follow-
ing its initiation. Things to be reviewed
include the quality of applicants and ac-
cepeted studentsythe quality of advise-
ment and the program’s impact on other
courses and departments. 1

The task force's recommendations are
scheduled to .be reviewed by the
Graduate Academic Council (GAC) and
the Bducational'Policles Council (EPC)
of University-senate so they may make _

' their own recommendations before it is

submitted to O'Leary. ,
According to EPC. member Mike
Miller. who gate the Albany Student
Press access to the report although it
was not intended for release until Mon- .
day. “it’s officially released as far as
l’n’t -cottcerned ‘—',they sent' ititopme in'
the utter" " ‘ ‘ ' ",3.
Miller said that copies of rough drafts "
of the report had been circulating for;

Harassment . -
<Front'vPage

The case is now pending in SA Supreme
Court and. Feeriek said. “the board may
resign if the Court does not rule in our
favor. - These frustrations have ' been
building and we cannot take it anymore.
We took the problem to Rich (Schaffer)
and 1 did not know until today that it
would be before Central Council.”

' Many council members said they felt
that if they had suspended Kunen. it would
look as though they were passing judgment

.on him. Student Action Chair .Steve
Gawley said, “while a decision to suspend
him (Kunen) may be ﬁscally sound in
order to prevent the executive board from
resigning and thereby threatening the
showing of ﬁlms this weekend, ‘such a decl-

Inﬂrmarysurvey
<5 . .
our best." ' 

In response to claims of possible
misdiagnosis. Brown said that he is con-
cerned when any student feels they haven't
been listened to or that they‘have been
misdiagnosed. but he said he believes
students need to speak up and comebaek’
when they don’t feel any better.

The survey also questions students on- ‘

the “.50 service charge for presciptions
ﬁlled at the lnfirmary. Many students were
unsure of exactly where that money goes
to. .
According to Brown. since the clinic has
no legal authority to collect cash at the
center. they must employ a part-time ac~
count clerk to deal with cash. receipts and
follow-up billing. The Si .50 service charge
goes toward that person's salary. “it isn't
like Nell Brown is sitting here making a
profit off the students.” said Brown.

The lnt’lrmary has taken its share or
budget cuts. said Brown, and approx-
imately 50 percent of the staff has been

some time but he was not at liberty to

release the findings until now. “We
been waiting to release this to the ASP
fur a long time.” he said. '

The task force. which was made up of
six faculty members and one student.
used four criteria in its examination of
the program: its centrality to the mission
of the university; the research produced;
the quality of the teaching; and the de-'
mand demonstrated by the community
at large.

The controversy over Business Educa-
tion began last fall when admission to
the program was suspended due to a
lack of university resources and the pro-
gram’s apparent low priority'_with the
School of Education and the university.
A reduced staff and the need for new
equipment prompted the department to
propose a combined BS/MS program
which could operate with a small staff.
:But' the death of one of the four remain-

..ing faculty 'members‘ttridthe planned

retirement of two others caused the ad-
ministration to seriously consider phas-

sion would be morally unsound and un-
fair." He also questioned the tactics of“
University Cinemas executive board
members in their threats to resign.

Lynn Livanos said that she was surpris-
ed at how the issue came before Council
and felt “University Cinemas should not
be airing their dirty laundry .in front of
us." adding. “it is childish to threaten
resignation when the Court is to take up
the case."

in related action. Central Council pass-
ed an emergency resolution empowering
Mitch Feig, Central Council Chiar. to ap- ,
point an ad hoc committee to run Universi-
ty Cinemas if the executive board resigns.
The resolution passed by unanimous con-
sent. ‘ Cl

reduced in the last ten years. while many

‘~ other campuses have been cut'by 75

percent.
. "‘We've attempted to set reasonable
costs in pharmacy and in-patlent services.
to hire back some. but not all. of the
staff.” said Brown.

in organizing the staff. Brown said they
have made a deliberate effort to’rctain the
ln—patient clinic.

Most SUNY health services abolished
in-patlent clinics about 4 or 5 years ago.
but. according to Brown. it can be very
difficult to get a bed in a hospital and it is

‘ usually too expensive so the clinic is a good

service.

Patients in the ln-patient clinic may stay
overnight for as long as needed to recover
from mononucleosis. chicken pox.
pneumonia and other infectious diseases.
According to Brown. this service takes a
small portion of staff away front the out-
patient cllnlc. but he defended the impor-
tance of the service... ,. J 1

.031.

ing out the program rather than
allocating resources to replenish it. .

This possible phase-out met with
strong opposition from students and
Business Education faculty who. accor-
ding to the report. “feel strongly that
they have operated in a friendless
environment.”

Miller said he was “extremely hap-
py.” yet “very surprised" at the out-
come of the Task Force’s report.
“Things were very negative on the part
of a lot of people and we had the im-
pression the whole time that the decision
was already made." .

Patty Salkin, Student Association
Programming Director and the one stu-
dent member of the Task Force. said
“we worked a lot of long hard hours on
it (the report) and i really hope they en-
dorse the decision.”

The GAC and the EPC technically
have no power, said Miller. and merely

as an example. said that girls are
usually encouraged to learn word
processing while boys will pro-
bably be more encouraged to
study engineering.

According to Azner. women's
rights issues have been brought
before various branches and
levels of government. it started at
the U.S. Supreme Court and then
shifted to Congress, before enter-
ing the state supreme courts and
ﬁnally the state legislatures. she
said. "Most of the action in the
(women's rights) ﬁeld is in the
state legislatures right now." she
added.

Azner reflected on the women’s
rights issue in today's society.
"We reached the point where the

' 13>

act in “advisory roles." but he asserted
"there’s no doubt in my mind that this
will pass both councils." He added that
O'Leary had made it “clear that he
would give strong weight to the Task
Force report."

Salkin agreed. saying. “if two com-
mittees made up of students. faculty and
administrators approve the report it
would not be in O’Leary’s best interests
to reject it."

“There's no way O'Leary will sit on it
(the report).” said Miller. “it’s just not
politically feasible on this campus.”

Miller stressed that the actions taken
by students such as protesting outside
the Education building and meeting
with the administration were inﬂuential.
"Students have to press." he said.
“This type of thing has been going on
for the last ten years. it just goes to
show that students on this campus can
,makeadifference." , El

 

 

Haircut S ecial t ‘
' _  '

‘ . Reg $20 ~
Now only $14 w SUNY LD.
Expires Mar. 19
[LLUSJONS .
CAN BECOME

.A REALITY AT

 

Hair Design
402 Hamilton st. 218 Lark

Schenectady
382-7256

Albany
436-9416

 

  

'375LLBroadway
Saratoga Springs
.' 587-9555

 

 

 

 

  

 

autumn one" %
Experience Colonie’s
Newest and Most Unique Café

Featuring
Gourmet Pizzas, Huge Salads and Fresh Pastas.

All major credit cards accepted .
um. . Corner of Wolf 8: Metro Park Road (518) 458-7845 J

 

 

