 

 

Sports Tu

 

sday

NOVEMBER 26, 1985

  
   

 

The men’s basketball
team will tip off their
season this weekend
See page 19

 

 

 

 

 

Danes stop Panthers, Dudek to win ECAC titl

By Mike MacAdam
ASSOCIATE SPO]! TS EDITOR

When the Albany State Great Danes
shut out Wagner College, 15-0, two weeks
ago, they knew their season would be ex-
tended by at least one more game. Soon
after, they were disappointed to find out
that thatgame would be the ECAC North
Championship game at Plymouth State,
and not an NCAA playoff game against
Union.

What they didn't know, though, was
that their season would actually be extend-
ed by two games.

The first game occurred in the first half
of the Plymouth State game, a 21-0
whitewash by the Panthers.

But it was a brand new ballgame in the
second half, and it took Wayne Anderson
only 16 seconds to run the opening kickoff
into the endzone, touching off the
fireworks that gave Albany State a 33-21
Victory.

Albany State head coach Bob Ford of-
fered an explanation for the halftime
turnaround.

“Great halftime speech, huh?" Ford
joked. “Actually, 1 went into the
bathroom. 1 think Denis Murphy and
Scott Dmitrenko said a few things. 1 just
told them that all year long they’ve found
a way to win, and that they had to find a
way to win now.”

The reason for all the halftime frustra-
tion was the performance of Plymouth
State’s All-American tailback, Joe Dudek,
who finished the game with 265 yards on
34 carries. The Danes spotted Plymouth
State a touchdown early when a Panther
fumble recovery on Albany’s 30 yard line
led to a score three plays later by running
back Conncll Daniel from two yards out.

Dudek added a touchdown run of three

 

     

rm cunnv UPS
yards in the second quarter which broke
Walter Payton’s NCAA career record for
points scored of 464. He added another
touchdown, this time from two yards out,
giving him 474 career points on 79
touchdowns.

 

The only thing that could stop Dudek in
the first half was his 'own teammates
penalties, which brought back many of his
long runs, including a 55 yard touchdown
scamper that was negated by a procedure
penalty. '

“He was the best runner l have ever fac-
ed,” said linebacker Dmitrenko. “He
looked like a Division 1 back." '

While the Dane defense had their hands
full with Dudek, the offenSe didn't lend
much support by squandering many third
down and short yardage situations and by
fumbling. The offense only had the ball

“Denis was going
bananas, throwing
helmets all over the

place, . .the frustration
really built up by
halftime.”
—John Donnelly

 

long enough to run 18 plays.

Halftime lockerroom tirades by defen-
sive end Murphy, always an emotional
player, and by Dmitrenko, who was acting
out of character. apparently was what the
Danes needed to wake themselves up after
the flat first half.

“Denis was going bananas, throwing
helmets all over the place, just going
nuts," said wide receiver John Donnelly,
who caught two touchdown passes in the
fourth quarter. “We didn’t really get
pumped up for this game, and the frustra-
tion really built up by halftime.”

“1 came into the lockerroom a little late,
and I guess Denis Murphy was already
yelling at the guys, and 1 don’t know what
came over me," said Dmitrenko. “I threw
my helmet into a locker, which is un-
characteristic of me; l've never done

anything like that before.”

“They were pretty upset," understated
Anderson. “I don’t know if it was because
they’re seniors, or because we’ve never
been run on like that before, and maybe
they felt personally responsible.” ‘

The two defensive stars’ 'speeches’
amplified what was going on through
everyone else's minds though, said Ander-
son, and his 90 yard kickoff return to start
the second half was the pivotal play behind
the Danes’ rally.

When asked if he was looking to score a
touchdown or just put the Danes in decent
ﬁeld position, Anderson unabashedly ad-
mitted, “l was looking for the touchdown.
i wanted to do something that would get us
on the board."

Ford emphasized the importance of the
immediacy with which Anderson’s
touchdown was scored. '

“His return was the catalyst that
generated some offense and got us on the
scoreboard,” said Ford. “And the fact
that it happened so\quickly really put us
back in the game.”

According to Dmitrenko, the return also
signalled the death knell for Dudek and the
Plymouth State offense as well.

“We’ve told the offense all year to just
put some points on the board,” said
Dmitrenko, whose second half heroics
made him the ECAC co-defensive player
of the week. “That’s when the defense stif-
fens up."

That it did, allowing the offense to get
back on track. .-

Dave Soldini went off tackle for 24

yards and a touchdown with 9:49 remain-
ing in the third quarter to bring the Danes
to within a touchdown. - -- 

0n Plymouth State's ensuing posses-
17>

Albany grapplers overpower Division I rivals

By Cathy Errig
\'l \II ll‘Rll'I’K

Three Division 1 schools couldn't take
down one Division 111 school last
Saturday.

llrown University, The University of
Maine, and Boston College all fell to the
Albany State wrestling team by scores of
32-13, 33-13, and 42-3 respectively. The
Dunc grapplers are now 5-0 and are show-
ing signs that they could repeat the success
of lust year‘s record-breaking season.

“it was terrific," said head coach Joe
DcMco, “and I'm very enthusiastic. it's
great to wrestle that caliber of athlete and
win by such scores."

The Danes had little trouble in their first
match against Boston College, as Patti
l’rosscr (134) and Jake Sabo (190) both
pinned their opponents, Prosscr in 1:15
and Sabo in 3:39, and John Balog (142),
Jim Fox (150), and Marty Pidcl (177) all
won their matches by technical falls.

Additionally, Shawn Sheldon defeated
John Zogay, at 118, 9-2, Mike Simon
defeated Jamie Linkowski. 10-6, and Matt
Ryan avenged his Great Dane Classic loss
to llob Radochia with a 4-2 win in the
heavyweight division.

The only Dane loss was at 126, where
freshman Andy Gordon lost to Jim ('ollcy.
ii- i .

“Andy had a tough match," said
l)cMcn, “but he did get his opponent on
his buck once and almost pinned him. llc's
coming along well.”

Maine posed about as much of a
challenge for the Danes as did Boston Col-
logo. The only Dane losses came at 126
where freshman Pete Andrew was defeated

by Scott Taylor, 8-4, 167 where Mike
Simon lost to Jim Durfie, 15-5, and 177,
where the Danes forfeited in order to give
Pidcl a rest after he suffered a liyperex~
tended elbow in the Dane Classic. Pinning
their opponents were Sheldon (2:35), Sabo
(1:01), and heavyweight Chris Tironi
(2:25), and Balog. again won by fall at
2:10.

Also winning for Albany were Prosscr,
12-8 over Scan Paternaud, Fox, 5-0 over
Ralph Mekarthur, and Soldwedal, 7-2 over
Bill Shnrn.

Brown, the Danes' final opponent, gave
the Danes the most competition.

“Brown was definitely the toughest of
all three," said Balog. “Their coach really
wanted to beat us and thought they had a
good chance to do so. in the end, we put
them away."

“The Brown match was actually too ex-
citing," said DcMeo. “lt was very tense,
too much so to be enjoyable. The ﬁrst
seven matches were real battles."

Sheldon gave the Danes a hard-fought
5-2 victory to open the match. Leading 2-1
with 20 seconds to go in the match,
Sheldon executed a reversal to take a com-
manding 5-1 lead.

“Then he was on the bottom." said
DeMco, “where he could have gotten turn-
ed and lost the thatch."

“l'm still adjusting to collegiate wrestL
ing," said Sheldon, who is nationally
rtinkcd in (ireco-Rotnan wrestling. “l’m
having a little trouble taking shots."

Gordon had little trouble with Brown's
lirad Lucido, winning the match by fall at
4:45.

l’rosser was

less successful at 134,

however, losing the match to Dave Smith,

11-2.

The Danes rebounded at 142, as Balog
won his third match ofthe day by technical
fall in a contest DeMeo said Balog had to

win.

“He really blew him away," said
DeMeo. “There’s not enough you can say
about John. He’s a guy who’s a terrific
team leader and gives everything he's got,
both in practice and in a match. Since he
was a freshman, he's been wrestling better
and better and, now l've got a tremendous

amount of confidence in him.”

“it helped me to move up a weight,"
said Balog. who had wrestled at 134 last
season. “l'm a lot stronger this year. and l

 

was really up for the Brown match today.”

At 150, Fox defeated the 1985 New
England champion, Bob Hill, 6-1, getting
a take down in the final five seconds of the
match.

“Jim was tense the whole way," said
DeMeo. “and was fighting Bob at every
corner."

At 158, Soldwedal had less trouble than
b; lliad anticipated, defeating Mark Braun,

“Boston's 158 wrestler was my toughest
opponent,” said Soldwedal. “and the guy
from Brown pinned him, so I thought he'd
be real tough. But it didn’t turn out to be
that way."

18>

  

The Albany State grapploro made I: i k ' h cw“ °'”""‘° “'5
B or war 0 0 rec 0|
wrcsitllng team’s next match In at Boston University ol'iig'c'lﬂo'i'i.smm"' Th.

 

To...» .

 

 

  

December 6, 1985

NUMBER 42

 

 

UAS investment monies linked to South Africa

By Ian Clements
STAFF WRITER

While many SUNYA students are still
celebrating the recent divestment victory at
SUNY Central downtown, University
Auxiliary Services (UAS) has been in~
vesting ' funds in companies that do
business in South Africa as part of their
normal budgebbalancing and investment
practices.

Through its long-term investments,
UAS owns stock in companies such as Ex-
xon and IBM, which" have facilities in
South Africa. UAS places investment
funds in two institutions, the Common
Fund and the Key Trust Management Ac-
count, said General Manager E. Norbert
Zahm. Those institutions cheese which
companies will be invested in.

The Common Fund invests its clients’
funds in comparies that operate in South
Africa with some qualifications, said its
president, George Keane.

“We have investments in companies but

we don’t know whether or not they haVo '

investments in South Africa," said Alan
Volkenant, a senibr vice-president of Key
Trust. » -

“We are willing to invest our stock only
in companies that have subscribed to the
Sullivan Principles.” Keane said. The
principles are guidelines established for
American businesses,_ protect the rights
of thojrrsouth‘ Af  "empl'oyeGs; They.
arott'uimed after the Philadelphia minister
who‘etitablished-thein.r=  n . A  ,

Cri ics’ of the Sullivan Principles have
sold that no matter how integrated blacks
and whites are in the workplace, the laws
of South Africa force segregation outside
the plants’ gates.

“We would own stock in Exxon or'

'lBM...provided they followed these prin-
ciples," Keane said.

 

 

  

 

“If we don’t maintain
a high level of
investment we’re not
going to maintain a
high level of return. ”

' -— E. Norbert Zahm

 

The Common Fund is a non-proﬁt
organization which pools the investment
funds of ~approximately 600 cducatidnal
institutions and support service organiza-
tions, such as UAS, according to Keane.
The funds are combined» so. that the
member institutions can gain access to the
kind of top-notch business advice usually
available only to large investors, he
explained.

Keane said a special fund would be
established in January for those institu-
cus whichmaatm law; inv‘tcornpanies

this: do goalies. . . ., ,  .
piantsinscumjrimcs: 3.4le t. sit-moor
U.S. corporations will not be eligible for
this “South Africa Free Fund." including
General Motors, Exxon, Texaco, IBM and
Xerox, said Keane. "It's a very substantial
limitation," he said.

Approximately 200 smaller U.S. com-
panies will also be excluded from the
South Africa Free Fund. Keane said.

. ffjces," or

    

Common Fund members have not been
informed of the Free Fund since it has yet
to be ofﬁcially established, said Keane.
The decision to join the Free Fund lies with
each institution’s board of trustees or
board of investors, explained Keane.

According to Volkenant, Key Trust does
not make investment decisions based on
political concerns unls chants ,requeSt
that certain issues he considered when their
monies are invested. '

“Those clients hold very divergent

.v views: ‘Sbtnc ought, emu: apartheid or

 abortibiitV‘Vqlkt-‘nm; max “Whammy

'I‘rult'msy'have strong meral positions on
those issues, We can’t very well impose
those moral positions on clients whose
resources we are investing."

If a client asked that its funds not be in-

-vested in certain companies, he said, “l’m

sure that any speciﬁc requests of that
nature would be honored. Key Trust has to
be accountable to each investor” and en-

Council decides to let Daltre y play

8&1 Angelina Wang
STAFF WRITER

The upcoming Roger Daltrey concert
was placed in jeopardy for a few minutes
Wednesday night, when Central Council
debated over whether or not to use its
power to freeze the budget of University
Concert Board.

Council's debate, which was never
finally voted on, was a response to UCB
setting its own ticket prices of $17 and $20
. which violates Student Association tax
policy. The policy states there should be a
differential of $5 between prices charged
to SUNYA students and the general public
for any ticket even over $8.

Council member seemed more upset about

  

UCB President Mark Sellgson

the fact they were never informed by SA
Controller Eric Schwartzman, who
should have come before Council to ask
for a waiver for UCB, rather than the ac-
tual rule-breaking.

“I didn’t feel the necessity of granting a
waiver for a show that wouldn't come
off,"said Schwartzman. The concert
had only been confirmed a little over a
week ago, he said. “ It was too late to in-
form Council then," he added.

The consensus of Council was not to
force the cancellation of the Daltrey con-
cert. which would have cost SA over
$38,000, the $35,000 paid to Daltrey plus
expenses. “The purpose of this bill is not
to not have Daltrey go on. I do want it to

JOHN OUIRV UPS

Roger Daltrey will play the Palace Thursday, Dec. 12.

'go on," said Steve Landis, who brought

the bill to Council.

Steven Russo, Internal Affairs Chair

said, “This might be the wrong way of do-
ing this. We have a contract with Daltrey.
and committment with the Palace
Theater."
Colonial Quad representative Jeff Rosen
said, “We're making assumptions here.
Get the facts ﬁrst. It'll look like we just
want our own way."

Landis accepted a friendly amendment

freezing UCB’s budget after all expenses
for Roger Daltrey were paid. The amend-
ment would have allowed the concert to go
on as scheduled.
“There are some valid points being
made here. 1 side more that we are acting
hastily," said Larry Hartman, Student Ac-
tion Chair.

Mark Sellgson, president of UCB, heard
of the controversy and attended the
meeting to explain his position before
Council . “The show was not confirmed
until last Wednesday. Eric Schwartzman
was called as soon as 1 knew. i didn’t get
any halts. I don‘t see why Concert Board
should be penalized for this," said
Sellgson.

“Mark Sellgson and his group have
given as an explalnntlon of what happen-
ed. We can’tbudgerEric Schwartzman any
longer," said lrwln Weinstcln, Student
Community Committee Chair.

“l'm withdrawing this bill. My intent
for the bill was to get them here, and tell

4b

  

sure the “growth of his investment,” he
said.

Zahm said he was unaware of Key
Trust’s policy. “It's up to them to decide”
where investments are made, he said.

As of June 30, said Zahm, UAS had
provided $273,766 of its long-term in-
vestments funds to the Common Fund and
$211,287 to Key Trust.

Long-term investments are made to off-
set depreciation losses, explained Zahm.
Monies earned through these investments
are used to replace and repair equipment
and facilities owned or managed by UAS,
he said. UAS is responsible for remodell-
ing cafeterias on the quads and in the
Campus Center, he noted.

UAS “really does need the interest
[earned from investments] to exist," Zahm
said. “if we don’t maintain a high level of
investment we're not going to maintain a
high level of return.”

UAS is a non-proﬁt organization which
is not a part of the State University of New
York and receives no state funding, accor-
ding to Zahm. UAS supports campus
organizations and events, such as Five
Quad Volunteer Ambulance Service,
Mayfest and Commencement. he said, in
addition to providing campus food and
vending services.

To meet short-term needs, such as
payroll, UAS invests in commercial paper,
Zahm laid. Commercial paper refers to
short~terrn~notesissued by business {inns
snd'ﬂnance that wlslir'tb‘bcrrow‘money.

The amount of money held in commer-
cial paper “goes up and down substantial-
ly during the ﬁscal year," he said. UAS
had $1,100,000 invested in commercial
paper as of June 30, Zahm said.

The commercial paper in which UAS in-
vests is also linked to South Africa, though

>

 

    

tun skills you can develop that , My put
.y'ciu a few grade points higher.
' ""lt‘can mean the difference between

 
 

‘Bfiil r' tion ‘A’ on ‘_C+ .1 and.
she, added. ‘  g H I,
:f Keeping the brain stimulated during
an exam is as important,“ keeping the
rest of your body relaxed, the advised.
Randolph recommended drinking fruit
juice during an exam to maintainthe
brain's glucose level. . g '
When you receive the exam paper, she
suggested putting it aside, closing your
eyes and clearing your mind. "Take 'a
deep'vbieath and relax; concentrate on
5- ‘ bayou knowand don't '
"ha -' '"d ' 't “into

 

    

 

