 

 

 

‘* ; 2""l‘i>r.¢<‘llk‘i§tl#ﬁ\l¢ t‘mV1-EII"WWRI_.

2a Aspects

 

Tom Kacandesl r

 

Franz Kafka: Pictures of a Life
A biography by Klaus Wagenbach
Pantheon Books, New York
$17.95, 222 pages

doing “Beat it” as a duetl So much for first impressions.

' , manuscripts.

’work. ,

l . The introduction to this chapter was so good that i wanted it to be longeri

enough.

  
    

must admit that when i first heard the title of this excellent book i laughed. Pictures of a g" ' >
1 Life arrived on my desk along with The Michael Iackson Scrapbook and the idea of a
‘Franz Kafka Scrapbook" really made me laugh. Imagine Franz and Michael live onstage

l was slowly won over by Wagenbach's carefully chosen photographs and the brilliant in-
troductions to each section. Most of the materials in the book were taken from Mr. Wagen-
v bach’s own tremendous Kafka archive and his detailed knowledge of Kafka’s life shows in
every caption as he illustrates Kafka’s background, birth, work, and death with photographs,
postcards, and reporductions of documents, first editions, and pages from original

Obviously, if you neither know no care about Kafka, this is not the book for you
, However, Kafka has certainly become a hobby of sorts for a number of people who will find
Pictures of a Life full of treasures. Wagenbach's text is straight biography uncomplicated by
any critical investigation of Kafka's work ——- a smart move on the author’s part. The bottom
line is that if you know somenone who really likes Kafka, buy them a copy of Pictures ofa
Life, but don’t spend the money on someone who doesn’t already know something about his

The book is divided into ten chapters that sweep through his childhood and adolescence,
' but later pick through his most creative adult years like careful detectives. There is an entire ,
chapter on the year 1912 which Kafka himself acknowledged as a turning point in his life. "

Bracketing the chapters is a very crisply written foreward up front and an appendix and
partial list of sources in the back. The layout and production of Pictures ofa Life is absolutely
first rate. Though the price may seem a little steep. the quality of the product is justification

  
 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

"There is A Time“ is a piece, that like the Jose Limon Dance Company, has many varia-
tions. Tonight, the company will perform this piece (pictured above), which won Limon
the Pulitzer Prize, among other dances, at the Performing Arts Center for one night only
at 8pm.

Tonight, the company will be dancing four pieces: Limon’s creations "There is A Time”
and excerpts from "Dances for lsadora," to music of Chopin. Also presented will be "El
Ultimo Canto” choreographed by Carlos Orta and "Recuell," choreographed by Jean
Cebron.

information and reservations are available by calling the University at 457-8606.
Tickets are $6.50 for General Admission. $5.50 for Senior Citizens and SUNYA students
with tax cards. [3

 

- i

 

 

 

Kafka &: Coltrane . V a  ‘. I ' a ‘ _‘

 

  
  

 

      
 

 

   

an e

Apparently Kafka did a number. of sketches and doodled all
thetime. He called it "an old and deeply ingrained addiction."
These sketches have been used in some editions of. The Trial
. ("Der Prozess"). ‘

 

 

 
  
 

   
   

   
  

 
 

 
   
   
    
 

  

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
    
 
 
 

 
 

 

Kafka at about ten years old with his sisters Vallll (left) and
, ' ‘ Elli (center). All three of Kafka's sisters were murdered by the
‘ ’_ " ' ‘ ' Nazi’s at Lodz and Auschwitz. , . ,

 

 

 

Jazzing up. i
V Black History Month V

February is Black History Month. This weekend, the New York State Museum is kicking
off a month of special events with a conference on 'The Black Family,” and a personal ap-
pearance by noted Jazz photographer Roy DeCarava.-

The conference, this Saturday from 10 am. to 4 p.m., is sponsored by the Junior College .

of Albany, the NAACP, the Urban League, and the New York State Museum. Local and na-
tional aspects of the criminal justice system, education, employmentwhousing, health, and
the church will be explored with respect to the black family. ' '

Following the conference, DeCarava will lectui-e on the world of jazz and his works, in
which he he has captured the giants of jazz with artistic photography.

Other events celebrating Black History Month include:
>Sunday, Feb. 3 — Film on the life and music of Jan artist, Sonny Rollins. 1:00, 2:00, 3:00,
4:00 p.m.
>Monday, Feb. 4 — Sonny Rollins film. 12:10 p.m.
>Saturday, Feb. 9 — John S. Patterson presents the poetry of Langson Hughes in “The
Dreamkeeper Speaks: The World of Langson Hughes.” 2:00 p.m. ‘

PSunday, Feb. 10 — Film, "Blues Like Showers of Rain" depicts the history of country blues
through photography and recordings. 1:00, 2:00, 3:00, 4:00 p.m.

>Monday, Feb. 10 -— "Blues Like Showers of Rain." 12:10 p.m.

>Saturday, Feb. 16 -—~ Jazz film collector, Ernie Smith, narrates Dizzy Gillespie, and John
Coltrane entitled "Jazz Films with Ernie Smith." 2:00 p.m. '

>Sunday, Feb. 17 —- Film "Different Drummer" focuses on the life and accomplishments of
drummer, Elvin Jones. 1:00. 2:00, 3:00, 4:00 p.m. .
>Monday, Feb. 18 —- "Different Drummer.” 12:10 p.m.

DSunday, Feb. 24 —- Film examines a famed tap dancer in "Jazz Hooter: The Legendary
Baby Laurence." 1:00, 2:00, 3:00, 4:00 p.m.

DMonday, Feb. 2.5 — "Jazz Hoofer: The Legendary Baby Laurence." 12:10 p.m.

The New York State Museum is open daily from 10:00 am. to 5:00 p.m. In the Cultural
Education Center of the Empire State Plaza. For more information about Black Hiutory
Month or other permanent or special exhibits and events, call the museum at 4711:5877 or

Cl

1474-5542. it's all right here in=Albanyi And best of all, It's free! 3‘ l '

.  arms...”

W

 

 

'_.

 

 

  

.g.._ mngfl‘ﬂr‘Dt:
Hardcore v s. 5...)... so... '

I Part one of a three-part review of 1984 music. (Coming next week — American
guitar, European rock, Jazz and Urban contemﬁorary. 1,. .

ell,'1984t is over, and Big Brother neve'i" came, as far as i could tell. Maybe he did, . p -
and i.was_too busy listening to music, travelling to see shows, or dying my hair to
realize, Anyhow, the year blessed us with hundreds of releases from the genre of

'music termed hardcore. This music is typified by fastrand loud guitars, and absolutely no
synthesizers allowed herefi‘he lyrical content is usually directgand to the point,‘involvlng
political and social concerns, as well as personal feelings. The above is merely a generaliza-
tion since there are literally thousands of hardcore bands, each doing‘its own thing. Many ‘
honrs were spent compilinga list of the best of 1984, and this list is only a smallrepresen—

tation'of recordsreleasedu

' One of the best’ways, both for band ex-
posure and for a consumer to leam of the
music, is through ' compilations. Though
the idea of compilations has been used in
.nost types of music, the average of about

10 per month from the hardcore scene cer- "

tainiyshows that the idea is put to good

use. The company whose releases of com- ‘

pilations,lcontaining~as many as 41 bands
' on a single record, stands out as the best of
1984 is Mystic Records. They released
Copulation (songs about police), Mystic
Sampler No.1: We Cat Power No.2, and
my personal favorite, Nardcone, as well as
a few others which i have not yet heard.
Dischord finally re«released four old 7"
EP's as one album, featuring the music of
.SOA, Teen idles, Government issue, and
Youth Brigade, a great record of.81-8z

material. Nuke Your Drink, on Positive-

Force Records, features the best of
Nevada's hardcore, and ‘Better Youth
Organization gave us Something To
Believe In, featuring many Canadian
bands. WNYR. Northwestern University's
radio station, gave us Chicago's HC with
Fast and Loud Radio, and we heard Texas
on. Cottage Cheese from The Lips of
Death. Also three fanzines give us compila-
tions: Thrashers Skatemck Volume II,
Maximum Rock” ’n’ Roll’s'. Welcome [to

‘ 196.4.,vand-Flipsides,VInyl-3Fanzine No.1. '

Rounding out the best of the compilations
in ’84 was RQiR's cassette Only World

: Class ‘lekiirfeaturing 27 bands from 25 .

commas. '  I ' .
Moving on to HC recordings of just one
band, my. personal favorite was 7 Seconds
with their first album, on BYO Records,
entitled 7threw. Previously they have
released two7'f, and have another 7” due
in February. The 18 songs are fast, loud,
and crisp, with understandable vocals and
incredible lyrics._0h yeah, by the way.
almost every hardcore album or cassette is

accompanied by a lyrics sheet. These guys r . V

stress unity and equality, and talk out
against racism, sexism, and drug and
alcohol. One of the standout tracks is
"Trust," one of the album's longest songs at
a bit over 2 minutes which is one of the on-
ly HC love songs We ever heard. These
guys may be the next big band of the HC
scene, having sold over 10,000 copies of
The Crew.

Moving along, there were Just too many
great releases of the year to go into detail
on all my faves, but to start out, i must say
that the most productive label. was certain-
ly SST. This company put out-the only
records from one of the big 3 this year (the
big 3 are Dead Kennedy's. Circle Jerks, and
Black Flag). The Flag put out 3 Li’s: My
War, Slip It In, Family Man, and a Live in
'84 cassette, and over 250 live shows. They
were busy and added a female bass player
Kira, who is amazing. Also SST artists
Husker Du put forth the critically acclaim-
ed Zen Arcade, and the Mlnutemen’a Dou-
ble Nickels on The Dime, both double
record sets. Also from SST Saccharine
Trust put forth Surviving You Always, and
the Meatpuppets' Meatpuppets Ii. MDC
came out with their third release. Million!
of Dead Children Chicken Squawk EP.
along with a great fact sheet on starving
people, fast food chains, and vegetarian
ideals. Dirty Rotten lmblcilel gave us
Vlolcnt Paclilcatlan. which had me bounc-
ing off the walls and practicing my stage
dives. Adrenal 0.0., with, their Wacky HI-
]lnx trim, brought forth their NJ humor
with the second version of (fitirtg Tm“

 'andbthet [Ocaltyokels _

   

 

 

‘Aspects 3a

Albany (MuSlC By Mike Eclc

rwellian pae'ans (from Bowie, Hendrix. Oingo Boingo, Spirit, Eurythmics...) not-
withstanding _1984 was something to sing about -— quietly. Although it was not a
,banner year it did have many high points; greater popular acceptance of black music
(thanks to Prince, breaking, and the one gloved wonder), a renewal of hardcore’s genuine
spirit of adventure and transcendence (Husker Du, Minutemen, Saccarine Trust), general-
ly better‘quality mass produced music (Springsteen, Madonna), and stronger independent
marketing among them. Underground music (as a result of that independent strength) is
once again growing in popularity which many hopefully counter the major labels' ever in-
creasing tightness. Dance music, with all too many remixes (17 alone in England from

a » Frankie Goes to Poughkeepsie), also has developed into a major market a la disco and and

same can be said, on a more-conservative Scale, for independent metal (Metallica, Wasp).
. 1‘ I

 J for your approval, herewith,

 

 

 

 

 

-Raincoal
tsampler

 

LUMPEN PROLES ' ROI SEALS 0 THE PLAGUE
STANDING OFFER - Bil-L RELLA' NICK NEALDN
JIM GALLAGHER I THE “18'” CHRIS RYAN
THINGS TO MAKE A DO ' TOM LINDSAY

(\

it

Am.” The best of Boston’s crop this year
must be the F.U.’a Do We Really Want To
Hurt You, with a newfound metal'edge.
Youth Brigade's 7" showadus a slower, but
still very powerful band, and Chicago’s Ar-
ticles of Faith released Give Thanks, just
great hardcore in the ﬂoatater of the
aforementioned SST artists. Another of my
favorites was a posthumously released EP
from The Faith, sounding much like Minor
Threat. due in fact that Alec, the vocalist, ls
brother to ian McKayc. Shmegrna did the
world some good with 76 percent Uncer-
tain‘s Estimated Monkey Time, whose two
guitar assault had people thrashing around
like all hell. Let's not forget The Ramones,
whose Too Tough To Die features two
great HC tracks. Ancl rounding out the CA
releases, Mystic gave us lll Repute's What
Happens Nexthwhere this band displays
their great speed, variability, and discer-
nable and sensible lyrics.

Moving into the local scene, 1984 said
goodbye to Grim Surprise, whose drum-
mer left for college. Capitle released and
rc-releucd their Error cassette. and played
musical drum seat for awhile. The Plague
gave us 2 cassettes: Suckln‘ in The Wind,
and The Plague Live, both on Raincoat
Recordings. There guys did metly what
theymmtod .to: with. tiny «ind stun.

. I "one
'Nltl lull"
‘to I!" by .r. ru 0

 

 

I"). WI

Help-n not:

'I‘ I‘M“ n o'

r "I: by I llnduyt

lul‘ LIMI- Vault/cutie:
c any - (lunar/Vocal-

l V nu

Int nun - brunt/Vocal-

mauled b nixed It Anhuu ltuaiol.
Albany. or. by Art In

Producod by Are may i Lin-pan rroln

m Hague
"hill I. I.
:91"! by no ﬂaws)

It“. let - In

Nth In use - Dru-

hear Live During sounder-net: rz/ro/n.
ctr-tun lounge. Albany. it!

lutnlond by Ian Llnduy

lglvo low Engineer - In Norris

'mlc'r'l'i r -

1’ no In

l O Illl‘by I. lﬁktl

lob loch - Vocals/loyboudI/Rnyth- "Donn-th
"Goldie by lob IIIII It Raincoat Incoming.
Alb-ﬂy. '1

k i
o- unduy - Vocals/auteur
lob un- lrdI/I.T.V.
Jon "no - Ion/Donny
Jenn up - no _
lute fuck- loeordna by lob lull at
m Jun 1 , Ion-annoy.
Mutton-l Tuck- Menrdod by To- Ltnany It.
luneoac Recording

 

 

  

. Audi‘s 5 ‘ '
Somewhat funny at v times, their, lyrics
covered it all: personal, social, and political
'songs. The popularity of this band was so
widespread that a secret service man was
looking for them. One of the best of '84,
The Plague, split for the singer’s decision to
attain further education in NYC. 1984 saw
the first appearance of The insults, and the
, that practices of Fit For Abuse, who made

’ their Albany debut at 288,i.ark Street, the

only alternative club in the area, with live

bands every Tues., Wed, and Thurs.

nights. I

Also, upcoming live shows in the area:
Friday, February 15th, from Futile Effort
Productions (2 SUNY students) at the VFW
at 481 Washington Ave, between Quail
and Lake, features two Syracuse bands,
The Catatonlcs and 1 Death 2, as well as Fit
For Abuse' and The Name. On Feb. 16th
Spur] Prods. brings four bands to the EBA
Chaptcrhouse on Hudson Ave.. lust below
Lark. The bands are Psycho from Boston,
Albany’s Capltlc, Syracuse's SFB, and a
fourth band not .yet known. Both show:
run from 7-12 midnight with a $4 admir-
alon charge. and no alcohol is permitted.

That’s it for this primer on the Hardcore
of '84. Take your music fast and loud
(FFA).

“Mu...” , _. . . .... .-.. ...

  

 

we have the teary»eyed reminiscent scrib-
blings of our "distinguished" music critics...

The Albany music scene in 1984 was
stable, unified, and stronger than ever. if
you believe that, i happen to have a prime
piece of swampland in Florida...

Albany is a pretty funky place to be if
you’re a musician. For a town its size if hm
an amazing breadth and quality of original
music and centered as it is it also attracts a
large number of regional and independent
national acts. Clubs, however, are at an all
time minimum creating a sometimes
unhealthy competition. Unfortunately,
these claustrophobic conditions coupled
with economic instability (tightwads and
poorboys) bring on the untimely demise of
many ﬂedgling and even established
bands. Lucky for some, there are those that
persevere, by hook or by crook, and forge
their wares upon the public in various
forms of plastic. Their motives, be they
ego massage (God knows they aren't mak-
ing money from it) or integrity, do not con-
cern us: their existence does.

Recording outlets in the area are better
than ever, even if the scene isn't. Studios
have been expanding and new ones are
popping up. Rates, of course, are higher
than before, but competition and the
availability of economic recording equip-
ment allow the aware consumer to find
some truly good deals.

The most significant trend in local recor-
ding in 1954 was the cassette explosion.
Artists found the cassette to be a viable and
much more cost effective alternative to
vinyl (this is true nationally also). One
man, Tom Lindsay, is almost completely
responsible for this local revolution. His
Raincoat Recording label established itself,
in a years time, as the most enterprising
and original force in exposing local talent.
Raincoat’s seven cassette releases included
two Christmas tapes, two albums by The
Plague, a solo Ei’, a Standing Offer album,
and most importantly, the Raincoat
Sampler. The latter tape included cuts by
eleven artists and hands: a cooperative ef-
fort by Lindsay and the musicians that tru-
ly defines the words pot pourri (and hence
the Albany scene). The i’lague's Suckin’ in
the Wind and the pipx have been the best
sellers thus far. Although slightly in-
cestuous, not by design, Raincoat is a driv.
ing force to be reckoned with. (Raincoat
also had a vinyl entry with Shock's' single
“Suburban Urban/Give a Little") Future
projects include another sampler/compila-
tion of the best of local home recording
projects. Other cassette releases this year
included three volumes of multi-
instrumentallst Kevin Bartlett's work and
Capitle's Error (also recorded by Lindsay).

Blotto and-MC E Records had their share
of releases —- Penny Knight, The Amazing
Rob and John Band, Johnny Rabb, and the
Ushers among them. MCE St udios, where
most Blotto Records bands record, recently
went to track. Arobcllum, the mainstay of
local studios, was also quite active. The
Lumpcn Proles, for example, recorded an
album’s worth of original tunes there this
year, although at this time it has not been
decided how or when they will be releas-
ed. chien, who have released this year’s
first local rrcord, an ambitious mctal~edged
single "Nice Guy: Finish Last/Used to be
blind," rlso recorded there among many
other! (Shock. Rob and‘John, Diversion
Factor —- their first LP Scenario 0 was an

.CQNJTNUBDQN PACE GA ’

 

