  

 

 

 

 

.DITORIAL,
A newspaper by
MW other name

As students voted in the SA elections Wednes-
day. there were NY. Times and Knick News
vending machines right near the voting booth in
the campus center lobby. Across the room sat
several slacks of ASPs. our twice-weekly
publication that has always been defined as a
newspaper, providing this campus with news
and information.

Without warning. a few students decided
Wednesday morning that the ASP was campaign
material. no longer a newspaper. because it con-
tained endorsements of SA candidates. They
complained to administrators and SA officials.
who moved the ASPs out of the campus center
lobby. We were not notified. and no other
publication was removed from that area. -

The ASP is a newspaper published twice a
week throughout the academic year. We provide
news and information and take an editorial
stand in every edition, which includes endorsing
candidates. just as larger publications do. What
stand we take or whether we endorse candidates
does not change what we are: a newspaper, en-
titled to the same First Amendment rights as the
N.Y. Times, The Knick News, or any other news
publication.

The point is, some newspapers were allowed
to stay Wednesday while ours was removed.
Bannning one publication from a particular
distribution area is blatant censorship; to allow
some ncwpapers to be distributed while another
was removed based on its content is a violation
of the First Amendment.

This does not mean that SA could resolve this
matter by banning all newspapers from the cam-
pus ccntcr lobby during elections. According to
Bob Traegar, an attorney at the Student Press
Legal Center in Washington. SA cannot just set
up a polling place in our established distribution
'area and then tell us to get out for a few days.

We have a right to maintain a consistent
distribution point; in this case it's the campus
center lobby where for many years, our readers
and advertisers have been able to pick up an
ASP. Any attempt to move us around could be~'
sen as anattempt to hinder effective distribution,
possibly costing us advertisers. if not readers as
well.

We received a number of threats yesterday
while we were distributing ASPs; threats to the
effect that various students were thinking of go-
ing to SA supreme court to have the election in-
validated becausc the ASPs were being
distributed too close to the polling area.
Whether anything comes of it‘or not. we just
want to set the record straight right now: we are
an independent corporation receiving no SA or
university funding for our publication so we are
not under SA's jurisdiction; our election supple-l
ment is not campaign material. Rather. it is the
editorial content of our newspaper. and should
this election be invalidated. SA should not point

ﬁngers at the ASP for merer exercising our con-
stitutional right.

4,000 promises

We printed 10.000 copies of last Tuesday’s
ASP. which included an 8-page SA election sup-
plement. They disappeared within hours on the
quads and by Wednesday. l:00. they were all
gone from the campus center.

That's suspiciously fast. even for the always-
popular election supplement. We realize we
made a few enemies with what we wrote. but
that's no excuse for stealing our publication.
Although the paper is distributed for free. it is
against the law to take whole stacks of it.

We have no definite proofof foul play. but we
are investigating the situation and filing a report
with local authorities. Should we find anything
conclusive. we will take legal action.

For now, we reprinted 4.000 supplements and
plastered the campus with them. if this sort of
thing should happen again. we‘ll be ready. We
promise.

 

 

i

College Press Service

. r.

 

I

 

{l

"Hold your troy reol still and I bet we can get your lunch to lump back over." > .g.

 

 

"COLUMN -

 

The campaign for divestiture

The campaign for corporated divestiture in South
Africa has grown more intense. The more than 530
American companies involved in this bloody game seem
to sense an end to the future of their presence in South
Africa.

Japhet M. Zwana

The core of the argument by the pro-divestmentists
runs something like this:

i. The South African economy. which is trigger free. is
very vulnerable since it depends to a large extent' on
foreign capital and technology. it is this very economy
that sustains and promotes the system of apartheid.

2. Divestment is apt to affect both Africans and Cauca-
sians. Anything that rubs Caucasians adversely is bound
to elicit some attention from the regime.

3. Divestment is bound to rob the regime of its capabili-
ty to continue to acoutre its army and police force to
silence the legitimate protests of the non-Caucasian
citizens. '

4. if the economy became internally feeble. South
Africa‘s credit rating would be lowered and pressure
brought to bear upon the leadership to make the
necessary concessions.

5. The implementation of divestment will necessarily
take a toll on the neighboring economies but. this is a
price that the front-line states must agree to pay to avoid
uglier developments down the road.

6. Destructive responses to divestment by Caucasions
would have adverse impact on property and possessions
owned mostly by Caucasians. The other ethnic groups
have no claim to South African wealth — they have next
to nothing to lose.

There is a preponderence of evidence that U.S.
economic ties with South Africa. U.S. banks providing
loans. U.S. corporations doing business there and in-
dividuals doing business there and individuals' buying of

 

 

gold Krugcrrands all strengthen the apartheid system and __

exploit African labor.

Anti-divestmentists advance the following reasons for
their position:

i. Divestment has the potential of a violent revolution.

2. Because divestment advocates demand change once
and for all. it is unlikely that the authorities will be willing
to be ﬂexible.

3. It is unrealistic to expect the Afriklners to abandon

control of power since they believe to have existed under .

the cloud of threat ever since they settled at the Cape of
Good (Bad) Hope in to” under Jan van Riebeeek.

4. American business is evolving strategies that can
make greater progress and can have an even stronger im-
pact if its efforts are encouraged and supported outside of
South Africa. The centerpiece of this progress is the
Sullivan Principles.

After all the phony and meaningless pieces of
"reform" in South Africa are in. the African majority
does not have democratic rights within its own native
land. To contain the “black problem.” the Caucasion
regime has established a series of Bantustans under the
euphemism Homelands which comprises l3 percent of
South Africa's most unproductive land mass.

Over four million Africans have been forcibly uprooted
from their permanent homes and sent to the Bantustans
in an effort to make room for new settlers in “White
Areas" left behind by Africans. People are allocated to
the Buntustans on the basis of ethnic segregation. Their
leaders are subjected to indirect control by Caucasians
who install them in the first place. They claim no lndepen~
dent economies and histories and. up to date. have gained
no diplomatic recognition from any country in the world
including the so-culled Republic of South Africa.

In September l984 the regime implemented. with im‘-
punlty. what were labeled as constitutional changes that
offered the Coloreds and lndians some voting rights.
Africans were systematically left out.

insofar as divestment is concerned. there are no eons,

only pros. if South Africa did not receive the backing in
billions of dollars from its accomplice trading partners.
i.e. the United Kingdom. the United States, France. the
Federal Republic of Germany. lsrael. ltaly and Japan.
the system of apartheid would have been dealt a strong
blow by now. These partners in crime should be reminded
that through their multinational corporations, they are
feeding on the blood. sweat. tears. and ﬂesh of the
Africans whose only sin is that they were not born White.

During the summer of 1976 a wave of uprising against
the evil policies of apartheid was set in motion by
thousands of students in Soweto (South Western
Townships). it quickly covered the entire country. This
was an example of a courageous and daring rejection of
the minority regime’s uncouth policies. The ruthless sup-
pression of this popular expression. carried out by the rul-
ing clique, had a lasting impact on the divestment move-
ment throughout the world. . ‘ ~

The truth of the matter is that apartheid cannot be
repaired or reformed. it must simply be destroyed and
divestiture is one weapon to acheive that goal. .

On July 3-1 l. l980. Stephen J. Solarz and Benjamin S.
Rosenthal conducted a study mission to South Africa. On
their return. they filed a report to their Committee on

Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives. The

report was titled. “South Africa: Change and
Confrontation."

Under the subheading, U.S. Business-Bank Loans. the
report read in part: “American banks have played a
special role in fueling South Africa's economic growth.
At critical periods, when South Africa has been short of
foreign exchange and capital to maintain its economic
growth and to underwrite new development projects in
the public sector. American banks have provided large
laons to the government. Although South Africa's
economy is extremely bouyant today because of gold ear-
nings. American banks have in the past loaned South
African public and private enterprises over $2.2 billion.
These loans to the public and private sector have not gone
unnoticed by South African Blacks. and they are highly
resented. They are also offensive to many Americans.
who regard these transactions as propping up South
Africa's system of racial discrimination.

Durir' rm and “79. several major American bank-
ing institutions had given loans to South Africa to finance
so—callod new housing and hospital facilities for Africans.
The reasoning behind this was that since the loans would

improve the social lot of the Africans. they were. '

therefore. politically and morally justiﬁed. This is a per-
nicious illusion. it plays directly into the hands of the
South African regime which ﬁnds cause for continuing to
seek r ' Lility and ‘ credit “ by at-
tracting loans from major Western banks. Meanwhile.
these housing and hospital projects. established exclusive
ly for Africans are also conﬁned to ethnic enclaves. Thus.
these ﬁnanciers help perpetuate South Africa's divide and
rule. oppressive system of apartheid. '

As the report concluded rather prophetieally. "Change
in South Africa is inevitable." Dr. Fred Dube. an African
National Congress leader who is on the African Studies

 

faculty at Stony Brook made a very serious observation _

the other day. He noted that traditionally. liberation
struggles have been joined by college students at some
point. in the South African context. however. the un-
familiar element is that elementary and high school
children have picked up the freedom banner. This twist
has to be laden with foreboding.

The U.S. ought to demonstrate its sensitivity to the in-
terests of Africans within South Africa as well as
throughout the continent. lf America cintinues to adopt

policies that are hostile and unacceptable to most African

countries. she runs the real risk of jeopardizing her in-
terests there for a long time to come.

There are two sides to the issue of South Africa. The
side of the minority regime is the wrong one and it is time
that the United States switched. Cl

 

—_—___

 

 

Destructive behaviour
To the nation? .

i feel it is time we address a problem that has found its
way onto our campus —- Grafitti. it seems that one can-
not walk on the podium. venture into the tunnels. strut
down a hallway, or even go to an off-campus hangout
without seeing such names as Pistol lll. SID. or Jamone'

' plastered all about. This destructive behavior is usually

kept to the bathrooms (which include racial slurs,
religious arguments. and most recently fraternity ﬁghts).
but it seems that this year these artists have felt it their du-
ty to expose all of us to their "art." Maybe these kids do
have some talent. and maybe they have something to say,
but writing their names all about the school SCLIIIS a teal
assanine and immature way to go anout it. They should
call their mommies and get them to send some extra
wallpaper up. and then maybe daddy could rent a hall for
an “art” exposition. Why can't these people confine their
immaturity to their own belongings and not destroy
school property? i suggest that next time .niyone sees one
of these children at work say something or report it to
UPD; remember it is OUR money that pays the custodian
to clean up after them. l'd like to see if any of these "ar-
tists" are capable of writing a response. or if all they can'
write is a few words on a wall or pillar.

—Dme Stein

A success Story

To the Editor '

On this Friday and Saturday April 19th and 20th. in
dian Quad Board will be putting on its annual dramatic
production. This year they have thrown all caution to the
wind and have decided to perform West Side Story. Even
though many people put forth such negative opinions as
“you will never get enough people" and “It will never
work, the talent just is not out there." lndian Quad
decided to take the chance.

How right they werel The ﬁrst night of auditions over

 

 
 

r cﬂspectcs

Err-Diluted In ten
midi Jo Grolil. Edllar In Cnlal
Dun clung, John Keenan. Mari-amp Editors

 

 

 

 

 

N 3“" ‘“ ‘ I‘m-l mount...
a I . n “w . “lo-h- nw -.
‘ﬂI-nI- I‘ll-'- ' Tun k-nnnn_ RI". Yam“,
Mlooiolo Ashen um .................................................... ..Loron Ginsberg
uuuc Ediion .................................................... ..Dlnl|l emu. Michell; Krn'i

 

 

booth. WI! Aollolulto: Kort Dom-
bounl. lotto 01mm. Etiolilndn, llono Wolnltoiri. David Wortholrn lloll
mulls: Unborn Am. Donn- Mint-I. W
Johnna annoy. Doroon Gent. Jacoqu Clint. Inn Gomonlo. Chario- coon.
Ioth Planer-i. Bob Mutton. Una Janitor. Mandi Run. Donna um. Joli
um. J. Michal “loo. Christine Midi. M lolwolorrnon. Rich ,

Commuting lat-r- Wayne Poor-

 

Mm. Mich-t um. Elton Inno- ocrmtru out
(larme ’ ‘
mum W'
Lynn “Aunt-rare M’s-W
many-immune"
manic-W
- ' ~ mum-u

 

 

W “at: Karon Minor. Don Fill“. "In Noborrnlt. Rich Lill.
Judy Toni. mum. m Us. liohw. Donia Cutrono. Tern-
Glleuono." " “ ‘ “‘ Jacki “" '- Amy Poporny.
Mike Bcltlilro. 0M9. M KW Whoa". Linda Made. Marjorie hogan-
mu. staph-nib Bollonoui ‘

“out. mimosa-uni..th Mum
crm Colon-t. Aﬂoat-Io Promotion Honour
Ohiol llor ..................................................... .. .Llncly Huymnn
iypllu: Debora Adolrnunn. Jomnlno oluwuo. boron d. Curt- but».
Pam atroub'or. reel-w: a. Phltllp Hoover. Judy Lawrence. Maura Mcsrim.
Ellen anvil. D. Darrel Stat. M.O.Thomplon. mum: Wan-n Hurwllr.
rtlotwd BMMIII

Phologrwhy principally Mind by Unlrorolty Photo 3min. a Iludonl
0

 

W
chill WWI: ilriu bpiogoi it" Sloli: Shari Albert. Arny Cohen. Moria
Culllnut, .lohn Derry. Lynn Droliuu. Cindy Guwny. Adam Ginsberg. Robot!
Horurnann. David tlm. Kenny Kit-ah. Robert Luckoy, Eu- Mwm. Mark
Mull-villa. Chril Orllnl. Llu Simmons. Robert Souoy. David Sirleit. Howard
Tyou

Entire contents oopyriglli ‘1“! Albany Student r'ron Corporation. all right.
orrod.

The Albany student Prou is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by lho Albany Student Frau Carpal-lion. Ill Independent
not-lor-prolii corporation.

Eultorlalu m’wrlitrn by the Editor In Chief with members at "in Editorial
Baud: policy ll subject to review by tho Editorial Board. Advorilslng pulley.
don not noouurlly rolloot editorial policy.

    

1400 Wuhlnoion Ave.
Albany. NV m?!
(Gill) “LMBZIJJMIJJOD

 

 

 

 

seventy people came to try to be a part of one of Broad-
way‘s greatest plays. By the end of the auditions. one.
hundred and' forty people had shouln the directors their
ability and willingness to work on such a seemingly dif-
ficult effort. it was a tongh choice but the directors were
able to bring the cast size down to a workable level. Now
'the cast is a group of just under forty. These actors and
actresses have been working since last December and are
anxiously awaiting opening nitc.

The entire production is under the direction of Betty
Ginzbur‘g. Her work is well known on campus. and she
has as credit to her name. Guys asnd Dolls. which was
beautifully done last year on State Quad. Rona
Greenberg is the producer and she also is of the Guys and
Dolls fame.

Patrick Fitzmorris will conduct the Performing Arts
Center Orchestra in what will prove to be a marvelous
rendition of Leonard Bernstein's well known score.

Barbara Berry is the vocal director and she has been
guiding the voices of the cast since the beginning of the
production. The powerful and provacative dancing in the
show has been choreographed entirely by Rosalie
Eehevarrla. Rosalie is know‘to most of the university as
one of the leaders of the phenomenal “Footworks”
dance group. .

A. J. Schmidt and Mark Perlstein are sure to make a
truly difﬁcult job of stage managing and set design look
easy. The entire technical crew will‘enable us to place
ourselves back on West 68th Stret in the mid-1950's.

Besides the incredible behind-the-scenes talent. there
are of course equally as amazing people on the stage
itself. Although the play is being put on by lndian Quad,
there is a University wide blend of talent.

This production is a ﬁrst. because until now all produc-
tions done by different quads were performed in their
respectiVe cafeterias. lndian Quad‘s West Side Story will
be performed in the Campus Center Ballroom. This move
is to not only have use of a better stage for the per-
formers. but a much better seating arrangement for the
audience. A

lean only say that you should see this amazing achieve-
ment for yourself. On Friday. April 19th. showtime is
8:00 p.m.. and on Saturday. April 20th. showtime is
10:00 p.m. Tickets will go on sale Monday. April is. and
will be sold all week and at the door. With a tax sticker
they are $3.00 and without they are $4.50. The Rat invites
everyone to come down for a cocktail hour beginning at
9:00 p.m. on Saturday night. This production should pro-
veto be one of Albany's most memorable performances. .
Whether you come on Friday to start a fantastic weekend.
or come on Saturday to cap off a great Guinness Day. be
sure to see West Side Story.

--Ann Fueiio

Fighting Star Wars

To the Editor:

President Reagan's Strategic Defense initiative. better
known as "Star Wars," has been in the press quite a bit
lately. The American people are being told. or rather in-
doctrinated. as to how this new weapons system will end
the nuclear arms race and rescue mankind from the threat
of nuclear holocaust. According to our President. Star
Wars should enable the current detterrence doctrine of
Mutually Assured Destruction to be replaced by a new
doctrine. Mutuolly Assured Security. That's the pro-
poganda. We should now allow equal time for the facts.

To take the position. as the administration does. that

Star We‘re will create the ultimate defense against nuclear '

missiles."is to ignore the entire history of the arms race.
Since ii“. the Soviets have matched the U.S. weapon for
weapon. Any U.S. advantage derived from Star Wars will
only be temporary. . . ~

The Reagan administration will be spending $25 billion
over the next ﬁve years for Star Wars research. Estimates
on the cost of any actual production and deployment of
space based missile defense systems range from Sl- SLS
trillion. That is alot to spend for a weapons system we
would never use. This is all happening at a time when
social. domestic. and education programs are being made
to run the gauntlet by the Reagan budget. This seems to
me to be a misplaced sense of national priorities.

Perhaps the most important factor in this debate is that
it has been documented over and over again that the Star
Wars technology will not work. At best. it would destroy
95 percent of any incoming missiles. This still leaves 5
percent of 7800 Soviet Strategic Nuclear Weapons to
destroy the United States. This is a security shield. a
nuclear sanctuary. the ultimate defense i am afraid not.

if you are concerned. as most students are. that Star
Wars is too costly. too destabilizing. and simply a means
of extending the arms race to the heavens. and would like
to do something to stop it. join NYPIRO's Disarmament
project. This semester we will be working to focus public
attention on this important issue by means of campus
forums. community outreach. and pressuring our elected
ofﬁcials to oppose this program. Join NYPIRG and
make a difference on this issue of national concern.

—Joo Hll
NYPIRG (Jo-CZ:

Dishonest argument

To tire Editor: . I

l was enjoying a sunny afternoon of podrarmg when
behind me I heard the omnipresent voice of STAFF. say-
ing to a couple, “Are you aware that N YPIRG is taking
your money? We don 't think that’s fair. They think they
can just rakepur money!" In my opinion, that was pretty
dishonest arguing and after he left. I presented the other
side of the story to the slander victims.

N YPIRG 's strategy was not to give a negative explana-
tion of STAFF but to present a positive view of N YPIRG.
Confused st udenrs were asked if they had any questions
about NYPIRG after they received STAFF literature.
Nothing negative was said about STAFF. I expected the
same respect from STAFF but did not see it. (I also
understand that at the N YPIRG/STAFF debate, STAFF
members were very discourteous during NYPIRG rebut-
tal: until a woman in the front row had to shush them so
that she could hear. And why the 3-piece suits? To make
NYPIRG people look less “respectable.' it didn't work
— people said that the NYPIRG representatives looked
“more like normal people.")

i followed the podium STAFF person and approached
him to ask exactly what his position was: He launched in-
to the fee problem but there were anti-activist undertones
to his speech. He listened fairly to my criticism of his
techniques and my support of student activism and
NYPIRG. but those undertones came to light when he
said. "Why is NYPIRG so afraid of conservatism?
Maybe we're moving in the right direction." (“Right"
meaning “correct.” of course). Funny. i thought the
issue was the fee. Nice suits guys (not to mention nice
Peace Through Strength buttons on those suits) but your
ARMBANDS are missing!!!

Tricia Mauocca

ﬂame is responsible

To the Editor:

A revolution is occuring at SUNYA which few people
asre well informed about. Students are attending infor-
mal forums which encourage them to think asnd discuss
their ideas.

The ASP has reported a few of these events. But each
ASP article has left out one vital piece of information. the
name of the group responsible. '

To set the record straight, the name of the group
responsible for discussions on “Jewish Heroes...They
Aren‘t All Men." "Mission to Moscow...ls There a
Future For Jews in Russia." “Money and the Ethics of
Jewish Business." and over a dozen other thought pro-
voking programs is The FLAME. '

The FLAME sponsors a wide variety of free programs
discussing conflicts and controversies within and between
Americsan life and Jewish life.

The FLAME sends free mailings to over i50 students
and faculty members interested in our programs.

FLAME events for the upcoming week include:

“Uncovering the Myths Behind Jewish Sexuality"
Monday. April 22. 7:30 p.m. in CC 373

“The Chosen" Thursday. April 25. 8:00 p.m. in ED
12]

"A Night in the Old Country with Shmoozing.
Noshing. Singing and Story Telling" Saturday. April 27,
9:00 p.m. in Shabbas House.

' “Jewish Meditation Workshop" Sunday. April 28,
4:00 p.m. in CC 313.

Our free weekly classes include:

Yiddish Songs and Stories Mondays at 9:00 p.m. in

37!.

Jewish Philosophy Mondays at 9:30 p.m. in CC 313.
Understanding Jewish Prayer Wednesdays at 7:15
p.m. in CC 320.
For further information contact Jay at 489-8573.
—Steve Greenbaln. Chairman
The FLAME

Just wondering

To the Editor:

As a dues paying student unafﬁliated with STAFF i
would like to ﬁnd out some facts about NYPIRG. that
should be public information. First. i would like to know
the cost of this campaign to perpetuate NYPIRG fun-
ding. Secondly. i would like to know the salaries of the
statewide ofﬁcers.

Finally. one has to wonder about the ethics of students
reecdivlng 3 class credits for campaigning for NYPIRG
funding.

--Edward Reines
m

Send us your letters if you want
to be heard. Put your name and

number on it and bring it to
' C0329.

 

k.

 

