 

 

 

 

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl FRIDA Y, MARCH 8, 1985 /“
NEWS BRIEFS _ . g,   
_ ' a i “We certainly have achieved control of its growing list of spared programs. March recreates 

 

Worldwide ’ 1'

Rebel abuses charged

Washington. D. C.
(AP) For the second time this week, a
private American human rights group has
accused U.S.-backed Nicaraguan ' “cons
tra" rebels of widespread human rights
abuses. including “terroristic violence
against unarmed civilians.”

in a report. released Thursday. the
Washington-based international Human
Rights Law Group said that after inter-
viewing more than 30 Nicaraguans who
claim ﬁrst-hand information, it found suf-
ﬁcient evidence to believe “the contras are
committing serious abuses against
civilians."

Rebel leaders. however, deny their
forces commit such crimes and have charg-
ed that recent human rights allegations are
a part of a “propoganda campaign” by
the leftist Sandinista government. The
rebels also accuse the ruling Sandinistas of
atrocities.

On Tuesday, the Americas Watch Com-
mittee. another private U.S. human rights
group. said all sides in Nicaraguas conflict
have violated the laws of war. but the San-
dinista government has reduced its abuses
while those of the contras have remained
unchecked.

Iraq fires. missiles

London
(AP) Iran said Iraqi forces fired eight
missiles into the southern city of Dezful
early Thursday, killing at least five people;
injuring more than 70 others and damag-
ing a hospital and schools.

The attack'followed an Iraqi threat to
shell Iranian cities in retaliation for an lra-
nian artillery attack Tuesday night on the
port of Basra.

Reports from the Iranian state—
controlled news agency IRNA monitored
in London said the attack took place at
4:30 pm. EST Wednesday. inflicting ex-
tensive casualties and damage.

Viet troops ousted

Bangkok, Thailand
(AP) Thai troops drove Vietnamese troops
from strategic hills near the Cambodian
border Thursday. Thai military officers
said, repulsing Vietnam's largest single in-
cursion into Thailand since Vietnam in-
vaded Combodia six years ago.

 

 

Air strikes cleared paths for the Thai of-
fensive. the officers said. .

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

three hills . . . We cannot confirm there is
not a single Vietnamese left behing there
.  but l can tell you that they have been
expelled from where we saw them before."
said Maj. Gen. Naruedol Dejpradiyuth.
the army spokesman.

Nationwide .
Reagan plan rejected

Washington, D.C.
(AP) The Republican-controlled Senate
Budget Committee. rejecting President
Reagan’s p' .posed domestic spending cuts

 

    

 

one by one. Thursday voted by wide,

margins to add Amtrak, mass transitaid.

 

and federal urban development rants to'

 

The committee. in its fourth day of
work on the 1986 budget. continued to
vote to freeze spending on programs
without voting to eliminate any —— despite
repeated warnings by committee chairman
Pete V. Domenici. R-N.M.. that the panel
was fast losing ground in its deﬁcit-
reduction battle.

On a 139 vote, the panel rejected
Reagan’s proposal to terminate govern-
ment support of the Amtrak rail passenger
system by adopting a proposal by Sen.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y.. to
maintain the subsidies at near their current

3600 millionoa‘year level for the next three r

years.

The vote also kept alive the'bulk of
federal mass transit aid for cities that the
president sought to kill.

CINDY OALWAV UPS

MMM. MMM GOOD— The aroma In the quad caieterla's meant more than “Colonial
Bur are" as U.A.S. saluted World Week with a variety of international dinners featur-
lng panlsh. Chinese. Greek, French. Soul. and German foods.

 

    
  
 
  
  
 
 

Montgomery. Ala. ‘

(AP) Demonstrators recreating the historic
1965 Voting Rights march from Selma ar-
rived Wednesday night in this ﬁrst capital

of the Confederacy, steps away from'the.

end of their long walk. I ,
“Ain’t nobody going to turn us
around." declared the Rev. Joseph

Lowery. president of the Southern‘Chris- ‘ ’

tian Leadership Conference as marchers
arrived at theCity of St. Jude’s. a Catholic
center just inside-the Montgomery city
limits.  ’ z 

The demonstrators-will conclude their
march at noon Thursday at the [state
Capital, where thousands are expected'fo'r

a mass~rally. Gov. GeorgeWallace. a'

onetime segregationist. planned to 
' meet with the leaders of the march. '

Earlier Wednesday. marchers found a .

foot-long object wrapped in duct tape that

- originally was believed to be a bomb. lt
. was detonated by authorities. who said

later that it probably was a fake.

 

I

Ex-Iawyer testifies ..

New York
(AP) A former lawyer has testiﬁed before
a state Senate committee that he and other
attorneys paid bribes to judges and other
court ofﬁcials to win medical malpractice
and negligence cases. and participated in
other illegal practices for money.

Spencer Lader. who pleaded guilty to
grand larceny charges in Brooklyn two
years ago, testiﬁed that he had cooperated
with other lawyers between 1979 and 1982
to "manufacture" cases. and that they us.
ed illegal or questionable means to obtain

larger settlements. . 4...; 

Canadians yearn beer

Rochester. 
(AP) Canada usually wants nothing to do
with beer frm Genesee Brewing Co'. lnc.,

has given Canadians a sudden yearning for
Rochester brew.

The Liquor Control Board of Ontario.

which ordinarily prohibits imports of
American beer. Wednesday imported
9,000 cases of Genesee Beer in six tractor-
trailers.
“lt'll be a chance for Canadians to try a
high-quality American beer,” said
Genesee spokesman Thomas C. Jones Jr.
Other Genesee brands. such as the com-
panies cream ale. are still not allowed in
Canada.

 

but a labor dispute at Ontario breweries

free listings

Panel of University Women
will discuss their Jobs as
managers on Tuesday.
March 12 at 3 pm. in the
Campus Center Assembly
Hall.

The National Honor Society
in Psychology (Psi Chi) will
hold a general interest
meeting on March 18 at 3:30
pm. in SS 254. All members
and prospective members
are welcome.

Class of 1988 will hold a
meeting on Sunday. March
10 at 8 pm. In the SA
Lounge. Issues to be
discussed include class
pine and t-shlrte, and up-
coming parties.

Democratic Socialists of
America will present a leo-

 

ture on US. intervention in
South Korea on March 13 at
7:30 pm. in HU 27.

MIT Professor Patrick Lee
will hold a physics collo-
quium on Friday. March 8 at
3 pm. In PH 129.

Epsilon Omicron chapter of
the Sempor Fl Fraternity is
having their llrsl annual
FUBAR party on Saturday.
March 9 at 9 pm. in the Col-
onial U‘Lounge.

“Jasper Johns;: Body
Fragments" will be
presented by Professor
Roberta Bernstein on Mon-
day. March 11 at 4 pm. in
HU 354.

U340 will perform at the
Palace Thrater on March 21.
The concert Is sponsored by
University Concert Board.
Jean-Luc Ponty will perform
in the CC Ballroom on

March 10. Tickets are
available at the Campus
Center. the Community Box
Office and Strawberries.
Folk singer Mark Rabin will
perform in the Junior Col-
lege oi albany cafeteria on
Friday. March 8 at 2 pm. No
admission charged.

N.Y.U Professor Slmonoil
will present a statistics col~
ioqulum on March 13 at 4:15
pm.

Gabrieli String Quartet will
make their Capital District
debut at the Union College
Memorial Chapel on Tues,
March 12 at 8 pm.

An International tea will be
held on Sunday, March 10 at
3 pm. In the Biology
Lounge. The topic to be
dlacusseed to "Study

Abroad as a preparation for
. , ‘ I , ,- . ' ., .1

the Career."

Montauk Pro-Spring Break
Beach Party will be held Fri-
day. March 8 at 9 pm. Admi-
sion Is $2.50.

A Comic Book Convention
will be held on Saturday.
March 9 from 11 am. to 4
pm. at the Holiday Inn on
Central Ave. in Colonle.
Rape Crisis Program 01
Renseliaer County Is look-
ing for volunteer counselors
to aid victims. Training for
new volunteers will begin Ir
April. For more iniormatlor

call the Rape Crisis Pro.

gram at 271-3445.

Health Profession Students
a representative from the
University of Maryland wli
be on campus Friday. Marci
8 at 4 pm. in CC 375. All in
terested please see Flo;

‘Burrlch in C.U.E.

Josee Vachon will periorn
Franco-American ant:
Quebec songs on Saturday
March 9 at 7 pm. in the
Campus Center Assembly
Hall l, .

The Mob ‘Club will be
holding its liourth . annual
pre-St. Patrick Day's partey
at 9 pm. oan‘riday. March 8
in the campus Center
Ballroom. Admission is $3
with a tax sticker and $4
without. ‘ 1‘

World Week: Mum-Cultural
Talent showiwlllgbe held Fri-

day. March 8 at me. in the

PAC Recital Halls; 1

Free eeitl-djeiense
workshops will be held on
Tuesday, March 12 at 10
pm. In the’Colonial Quad
Flagroom and Wednesday,
March 13 at 10 pm. in the
State Quad Flagroom.

 

 

r

.. .-. ..r, v,  I.

r
r . i

r I

 
 

 

By Christopher Brady v_

Recently Irelcased figures on the effect of the 19 year
old driiiit'ing age show that the numberof alcohol related
fatalities doubled forg‘lsvyea'rolds in NewYork State after
the legal purchaseitge went up. Student leaders said they
hope the new datawill‘hclp their ﬁght against a 2| year
old drinking age. , ‘ . '

The figure of alcohol related deaths for the six month

period of December 1982 to May 1983. the six month

’ period‘di‘rectly following the hike in the law to 19. shows-

a dramatic reduction in fatalities caused by alcohol in-
volved drivers from 15 the previous year to six. The
. figures for the, next year during that’six month period.
December '83 to May '84, show a rise from six to.12
fatalities.“ . ~ , ' .

f‘what. these ﬁgures concludeis that 18 year olds are

continuing to drink." said Steve Gawleyy- Chair of the
Student Action Committee. "These figures back up
assemblyman Graber's report." said Gawley. '
. Graber’s report concluded that the, “experiencein
other states and countries reveals a sharp decline in ac-
cldentsvamong under age drivers for the affected popula—
tion the ﬁrst year after, the drinking age is raised. follow-
ed by a steady increase thereafter." Graber, chair of the
Assembly’s Transportation committee. has been a leader
in the STOP-21 fight.‘ .

When under age drli'Iers are forced to move from super-
vised settings to drinking in their cars and in out of the
way places this will ‘result in more. alcohol related
fatalities, said Gawley.

“There is an “effective drinking age' when people start
to experiment with alcohol irregardless of the legal limits.
Raising the drinking age is just a simple attempt at an
answer for a complex problem." Gawley said. ‘

“The six month figure being used by the students and
the bar and tavern owners misconstrue the facts." said
Elaine Liccione. a Research Analyst to Senator Frank

wi‘.

I 'FRIDAY. MARCH 8, I985 El ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS 3

Deaths among '1 8‘ year olds up since 19‘began

-Padavan, the sponsor of the bill in the Senate to raise the
drinking age to 21. “First off. both of the periods stated
do show a reduction over the same period the year before'
the 19 year old law was passed. Why don't they mention
injured cases either?” said Liccione. “Injury accidents
over the same two six month periods shows a steady

, decline from 293 before the raise down to 248 the year
after. then. to 212 for the December '83 to May ’84 .

period." she asserted..-

“Also. Why are they using the six month statistics when
11 month ﬁgures are available?” she added.

While the “month figures from the ﬁrst year after the
.“19 drinking age” was inacted to the second year do
show an increase in fatalities. the rise ls only 17 percent
instead of the 100 percent in the 18 year old category.

Legislators are just succomblng to pressure from the

federal government. which has threatened to cut off
federal highway funds if the “21 drinking age" is not
enacted by the fall of 1986, said Gawley. “It’s heavy duty
federal blackmail.” said Student Action Research Chair
Larry Hartman.
' “This is an interference on states’ rights to decide
legislation for themselves. This could set a dangerous
precedent and is entering the realm of ‘big brother'
policies," Hartman said. ' ‘

Senator Padavan’s ofﬁce contended that since they
have been pushing the bill in the Senate for the past seven
years this'argument is yoid.

When asked about the large number of students who
don’t care if the 21 year old drinking age is passed so long
as it doesn't effect them. Gawley replied that “they are
self centered. these are the people who don’t count. They
don’t see‘the overall picture. They just want to drink.
They can't see that education is the answer to alcohol pro-
blems not just raising the drinking age."

“Legislators will raise the drinking age and say that
they have solved the problem and then proceed to divert

 

funds away from the educational programs. Education is
expensive but it is the only way to teach positive alcohol
use." said Gawley.

Liccionedisagreed, saying. “this is only one positive
step in the battle for alcohol awareness and reducing traf-
fic injuries and fatalities. that are caused by alcohol — in
all age groups. The Senator will continue to support any
legislation that promotes awareness and education on the
alcohol and health issue."

Victims sufferextra trauma if rapist is a friend

By Pam Schusterman
STAFF WRITER

Women raped by acquaintances often suffer additional ,

traumg because the violencehas been committed by so-
meone' they' eared' about and trusted. according to an
assistant director of an area rape crisis center. ‘ ‘ ,

Dr. Susan Cox spoke toa group of 20 women about the
results of her doctoral dissertation, f‘Victim-Offender
Relationships: Impact on the Victim’s Experience.”

Cox. who recently earned her Ph.D. at Kent State in
Clinical Psychology. currently works for Equinox, a non-
proﬁt organization offering counseling for rape victims,
runaways. and other individuals in crisis.

According to Cox. acquaintance rape is committed by
someone the victim knows or cares about. “it could be a
person you are either romantically or non-romantically
involved with.” she explained.

Romantic rape is committed by a date. a boyfriend. or
a lover. Non-romantic rape is committed by a platonic

friend or acquaintance, said Cox. V . U ‘ V
“Acquaintaan rape is something women often’Will not ‘ ‘
label as rape ev'eti though it corresponds to the legal
definition of rape." Cox said.
The legal definition of rape is the use of physical or ver-
bal force, drugs or alcohol to coerce a woman into sexual

‘ activity against her will. Cox explained. She added that

sexual activity with a minor: is also considered rape.
Acquaintance rape. according to Cox, often goes
unreported. "The reasons women don’t report this type
of rape are generally because of embarassment. fear. or
the expectation that others won’t believe them. " she said.
This shifts the repsonsibility and guilt to the victim and
is extremely detrimental for her. “The offender gets off
the hook and doesn’t face the responsibility of their crime
because of this." Cox said. -’ 
Acquaintance rape as well as rape by a stranger has
various effects on a woman. Cox said. She labeled these
effects the “acute phase” and the “long term process.”

“The ‘acute phase’ is the immediate impact of the rape
‘ and int/elves fear of being alone. headaches. nausea and
extreme anxiety." Cox said. 
5 The victim engages in the “long term process" after the

‘ initial shock is over, and tries to integrate the traumatic

experience’into her everyday life, Cox explained. “In
other words. 'the victim tries to get her life to pre-rape
status." she said.

Cox. interested in the differences between the impact of
stranger and acquaintance rape, both romantic and non—
romantic. surveyed 66 women who were raped.

“l predicted that stranger rape would be more violent.
with a higher level of physical abuse, like beating and
choking. and‘ a lower level of verbal abuse. such as
threats," Cox said, explaining that a stranger has less to
lose because there is no previous relationship between the
victim and the attacker.

Cox also predicted that rape by a romantic acquain-

12>

Career insights to be gained studying abroad

By Jacqui Clark

‘ STAFF WRITER

Each semester, approximately 200 Albany students
leave this university to study abroad in such places as
England, Copenhagen, Slngaporeand Japan to embark
upon what many professors feel to be an invaluable ex-

English professor Arthur N. Collins. who has served on
the selection committcs for the SUNYA programs in
France and Germany. remarked that not only may
students gain‘additional insights into aspects of their
chosen career, but may discover careers they hadn’t even
thought of. such as the foreign service.

Collins. who has taught in both Nice and Wurzburg.
said that students who travel abroad make personal gains

 

perience in their lives.

   

in independence and maturity. “For the first time,” said
Collins. “you are standing outside of yourself and look-
ing at what kind of a bind your language and culture can
be." .
Referring to SUN YA's International Business program
in Copenhagen, Business School Dean Harvey Kahalas
said, the program provides students with “an interna-
tional perspective of Europe and business in Europe." as
well as a “broader perspective of world business in
general."

He also said he though that the study abroad program
would be a good opportunity for students planning to go
Into a business career. "Business." said Kahalas. “is
becoming a world~wlde entity.” Individuals with
knowledge of international business are in demand by
companies doing world-wide business, or who would like
to do so. he added. “Through the Denmark program.
students can obtain different techniques and methods."
he said, .“orher than just those available in the US."

Professor Henry Tedeschl. Chair of the Biological

v _ V “P, . Sciences Department. ls,alro in favor of studysabroad
MNWW'Oﬂm‘ '0'“; "5“. mm“ "m". w'""”'“- ‘ programs for their ability to “offer new perspectives."

and the opportunities they offer in specialized ﬁelds. in
regard to the natural science programs of Plymouth

v Polytechnic in England. Tedeschi pointed out that “dif-

ferent materials and methods are available to students.“

“For instance," said Tedeschi. “in Plymouth they
have marine animals that we simply don’t have. Students
have some access to marine life here in Albany...but it is
just not the same.“

As far as personal gain. Tedeschi said that with the ex-
posure to different ideas and points of view. students may
begin "arguing things that they thought they had settled
in their minds a long time ago."

Professor Roman Hedges of the Rockefeller College of
Public Affairs and Policy stressed the importance of
knowledge of various political systems for the Political
Science major. “It is a necessity to know something about
systems other than the one we live in.” said Hedges, poin-
ting out that such a perspective could be gained in a varie-
ty of international programs. Hedges said that such pro-
grams aid in providing “tools. interest and intellectual
wherewithal" valuable throughout students' lives.

Martin Edelman. chair of the Political Science Depart-
ment, stressed the gains in sensitivity and awareness with
respect to how European political systems differ from our
own. and the impact of American Politics on Europe.

Having served as the former head of the SUNYA lsracl
program and as a member of the selection committee,
Edelman also expressed his great respect for faculty at the

University of Tel-Avlv. “The faculty is first rate." said

12>

