 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

An inside I.

By Steve Hart

The experts have beeii saying there are few "impact"
players in this year‘s NFL draft. in fact. the National Foot-
ball Scouting Combine. to which 19_teams subscribe. lists
only five; defensive ends Bruce Smith and Ray Childress.
Quarterback Bernie Kosar. offensive tackle Bill Fralic and
wide receiver Eddie Brown. '

"It used to be that there were two or three rounds of im-
pact players." said Dick Steinberg. the Patriots wizard
scout. "this year there‘s only 12 ~ 15 (players)."

What follows is a team-by-team breakdown of how each
team might draftin this years draft which is being held
today. '

Buffalo Bills I

Buffalo has already pocketed defensive end Bruce Smith.
who was the highest rated player in the draft. Other needs
to be addressed in order: A defensive back to help their
poor pass defensive (19th in the league). another defensive
end (only 26 sacks - 27th overall). such as Notre Dame's
Mike Gann. because Smith is a monster but he's not
Moses. A place kicker should be had in the mid-rounds due
to Joe Danelo's problems (41 pts. in 1984).

Minnesota Vikings .

The Vikings had the worst defense in NFL history in
terms of points allowed. so they could start anywhere on
defense. but perhaps they should start on the defensive
line because they were 26th in the league against the pass
(due mainly to an NFL low 25 sacks) and 27th versus the
run. Buffalo and Houston (as the result of an agreement in
the Kosar deal) will be taking two players who couldhelp
the Vikes most. Bruce Smith and Ray Childress respective-
ly. Since last year‘s Number one defensive end Keith
Millard is still their property. a wise pick may be safety
Jerry Gray of Texas. who is the top player in the secondary
according to “experts”. but their 64 sacks allowed is also
alarming and Pitt monument tackle Bill Fralic will be hard
to pass over. .

Houston Oilers .

The Oilers all but own‘defensive end Ray Childress who
plays the run like Mark Gastineau plays the quarterback.
Childress is 6’6. 270 lbs. and moves well laterally. running
the 40-yard dash in 4.8 seconds. To improve their 28th-
ranked run "defense". Childress will need help. from either
a nose tackle or an inside linebacker. With the 11th pick
overall. the Oilers may tab defensive end Ron Holmes if
'l'ampa Bay doesn't take him. or USC linebacker Duane
liickett (a young Jack Lambert). The Oilers also own the
30th and 31st overall picks in which another linebacker arid
nose tackle William (the Refrigerator) Perry may be tabbed
to gobble tip running backs. A deep threat at wide receiver
would be next.

Atlanta Falcons

The Falcons covet big~play wide receivers such as Eddie
Brown. Al Toon or Jerry Rice. but should think about an of-
fensive tackle such as Fralic or Florida‘s Lomas Brown to
immediately rectify their poor pass protection (67 sacks -
third most in history). But unless Minnesota passes on
Fralic. the Falcons could get a quality offensive tackle in the
second round because that position is deep this year. enabl-
ing them to land Brown or Al Toon to add excitement to
their ZOth-ranked passing game.

indianapolis Colts

New head coach Rod Dowhower believes passing is the
best way to ruove the ball. but Ray Butler‘s team-leading 43
catches wouldn‘t get the ball too far. so a top flight wide
receiver will be had first: Brown first. then Teen and. if he's
gone, Jerry Rice a possession‘type receiver without glaring
speed. Like J. Jefferson. he catches anything that flies. An
offensive lineman should be picked second unless a good
cornerback is somehow left. But first. the Colts' last-ranked
passing game must be upgraded - Eric Dickerson gained
more yards on the ground than the Colts (lid via the pass.

Detroit Lions -

Last year's early picks were spent on improving the pass
ing game. This time. they‘ll have to spend the early rounds
trying to patch up the defense which was Zist against the
pass last year. The Lions also need a linebacker because
they are moving to the 3-4 defense. Jerry Gray wll most
likely be available. but so will top-rated cornerback Richard
Johnson who some have said is better than Gray. But their
fist pick will be one of these two. Next will be a linebacker.
perhaps USC's Jack Del Rio. followed by a defensive end to
put more pressure on opposing quarterbacks (36 sacks -
23rd in 1984).

Cleveland Browns » ,

'l'lie Browns had better make this‘ pick a good one
because they lose next year's number one pick pilis other
picks to Buffalo for Kosar. who now needs protection
(Cleveland allowed 55 sacks in 1984). They also need so-
meone to throw to. Jerry Rice will be the last of the top
wide receivers remaining at this point and they‘ll pick him
fast. The later picks will be used on a defensive end and a
tailback. but first they'll need a wide receiver and and of-
fensive guard-tackle. ‘ ‘

Tampa Bay Buccaneers

With Hugh Green out of the lineup for six weeks in 1984.
the defense‘s problems became apparent. The inside
linebackers. Scott Davis and Jeff Davis. did little to stop the
run. which also means the nose tackle spot needs
upgrading because defensive ends were staying "at home"
and playing the run (underlined by their 32 sacks - only Buf-
falo and Minnesota had fewer). A pass rusher should also
be added. most likely first because defensive end Ron
Holmes will be available (a quarterback eater). or else USC
linebacker Duane Bickett.

Philadelphia Eagles
The Eagles' defense was a surprise last season being rank-
ed 12th overall (sixth against the pass. 23rd vs. the rim) so
except for two early picks on an inside linebacker (Micah
Moon) and a nose tackle (William Perry). the draft can be
spent on fixing the offensive holes. The running game was
atrocious - dead last in the NFL. but who's to blame. the

backs or the line? Both. however the line should be ad-
dressed first because the pick would also protect injury-
prone quarterback Ron Jaworski. The top choice should be
between top-rated back Ethan Horton and second-rated of-
fensive lineman T. Loman Brown.

New York Jets .

This team could draft either a defensive end (44 sacks -
Gastineau had 22). an offensive tackle. a possession-type
wide receiver (Jerry Rice would be nice. thank you. but
sorry Jets. he’ll be long gone unless New York trades
Wesley "Nobody wants me" Walker to move up in the
draft). a linebacker. where Bickett is a strong possibility. or
more depth in the defensive backs. The line proved it could
block for the run (fourth in rushing in '84) but the 52 sacks
allowed is one reason why the Zist-ranked passing "at~
tack" can't get moving.

The Jets could draft anyone from [1-2 first. but its my Job
to tell you who. so look for linebacker Duane Bickett or
USC offensive tackle Ken Riiettgers to be their first choice
with the above mentioned positions to be addressed later.

San Diego Chargers
Every year the Chargers need to draft for defense - and
this year is no exception. However. they'd better hit the
jackpot because the offense will need major upgrading next
year. They finished last in pass defense for two reasons -

one. they put little pressure on opposing quarterbacks (33
sacks) and have little. talentbut lots of injuries in the secon-
dary. Losing number one pick‘cornerback Mossy Cade last
year didn't help matters. but Jerry Gray will most likely still
be left. and he'll be thei‘choice. A defensive end. corner-
back. tailback (despitevErriest Jackson's 1.179 yards. the
most in the AFC) Will be next.

Cincinnati Bengals
Chris Collinsworth's return saved the Bengals a first-
round choice on a wide receiver. but one should be taken

later. Linebacking will be the top choice. most likely Pitt's ‘

Chris Doleman (6'6. 240 lbs.) who may play defensive end-
once in a while.‘Defensive end Ross Browner wants out.
giving last year's second first-round pick defensive end Pete
Rock a shot to prove his worth. But someone like
Houston's Simon' Fletcher or Texas' Tony Degrate could
help increase pressure on the quarterback. as their 40 sacks
was more the cause for the Bengals' number 18 ranking in
pass defense than was the secondary.

Green Bay Packers

Last year's defensive draft brought defensive end
Alophonso Carreker. linebacker John Dorsey and safety
Tom Flynn. and the results were immediate. They moved
u to 16th in defense from dead last in '83. Another harvest
ii e that and this team could challenge Chicago. There's
0 e glaring hole - nose tackle. if that problem is solved - as
it can be with the pick of William "The Refrigerator" Perry

‘\
y tor the Cleveland Browns in 1985.

o is 320 pounds of cloggage. and if wide receiver John
J erson is traded for a high pick or a defensive end. the
Pi it will be back for a while.

.. Kansas City Chiefs

. any "experts" have said the Chiefs need for a running
bi k is the mostglaring need ofany team in the draft. That
it . y be stretching it. but the point should be taken quickly.
0 ly the Eagles had fewer yards on the ground. so if
i’ ladelphia doesn't "surprise" the other experts and take
llrton. the Chiefs will grab him before Pete Rozelle can say
“1 me you Al Davis." A safety and an inside linebacker
slluld be next.

New England Patriots

hat was once the team's strength is now its achllle's

'l - the outside linebacker. The Pats gave up 66 sacks
(lo irth most in NFL history), thus explaining the mystery
heiind how an offenxe with Tony Eason. Craig James.
'i‘qiiy Collins and irving Fryar. to name a few. can be rank-
ed 15th. Center Stan Brock is out until 1986 with an injury
and ex-Eagle Guy Morriss is the only backup. so Mike Kel-
iyna center out of Notre Dame will be the top pick. An of-
fensive guard or tackle will be next.

Dallas Cowboys
At the end of last season. wide receiver seemed to be the

most needy position going into the draft. but now there are
even worse problems. Linebacking is desperate for an im-
pact player: Bob Bruenigg retired. last year's number one.
Billy Cannon. had to retire due to a back injury. and An-
thony Dickerson is a contract holdout. so linebacker Alvin
Toles may be the first choice. The defensive line could also

use some young bodies: defensive tackle Darryl Sims is a

good possibility in the second round.

Note: Drew Pearson was dropped from the CBS broadcast
booth and may try a comeback - he turned down two
Cowboy offers last year. but that was when he had a job.

St. Louis Cardinals ' .

Like the Cowboys. the Cards had a specific problem they
knew had to be solved last season: linebacking. But due to
some off-season developments. their attention must be
placed elsewhere; for them it‘s the" offensive line. With
tackle Louis Sharpe. the line allowed 49 sacks. Now they
face the possibility of 60 sacks if they don't plug up the hole
by Sharpe's departure. if Ruettgers is left. they tab him. if a
solid linebacker is available. he'll be the choice. [5.]. Junior
can't do it alone.

New York Giants

This is the third NFC East team in a row. but the Giants

don't care because they already have what Dallas and St.
Louis need. And. since the Giants need what the Cowboys
and the Cards have. its a good bet their man. running back
George Adams of Kentucky (6'1. 225) will still be left. A
Center is needed badly; Kevin Belcher is out until ‘86 with

' nerve damage in his leg.

., Coach Bill Parcells said they won‘t pick a center with the

.lfirstcpick. meaning it'll have to wait until the second round.
when Nebraska's Mark Traynowicz will be tabbed.

. Pittsburgh Steelers

Speed in the backfield and offensive line help should take
up the first two picks. The Steelers have a crew of backs
who can get a consistent three yards. but no one who can
take a pitch-out and take it the distance. This would take
the pressure off weak-armed Mark Malone and Speedster
Louis Lipps. They were seventh in rushing but also had the
thrid most attempts. A dominant linebacker to take the

place of Jack Lambert should be next.

Los Angeles Rams
The Rams need a pass rucher so badly that they were
talking to Kansas City about Art Still. Jack Youngblood has

 

 

 

old blood. and at 35 years of age. led the team in sacks v

(eight). Perhaps Fred Dryer will come back to haunt

quarterbacks since his TV show. Hunter. was cancelled.

The pass defense was 24th in the league thanks to injuries
iii the secondary and a lowly 43 sacks. A dominantpass

,rusher and good health will push this team towards San
" Erancisco; They wanted. Holmes. but he'll be gone.

.t‘.

Chicago Bears

. Most "experts" are saying a pure cornerback. and a wide

receiver. The latter part is understandable (26th in passing)
but as for a cornerback - its hard to judge. The line played

Ray Childress - Texas

so well (an NFL record 72 sacks) that how good or bad the _

defensive backs are can easily be misjudged. But since the
line appears to cover for the “poor” corners. a wide
receiver (Buster Rhymes) will be picked first to take
pressure off Gault.

New Orleans Saints

The Saints did a wise thing: they gave up one back. which
they had to do. and got a first round pick ~ something they
haven't had since 1983. Quarterback leadership is needed
most. but that can‘t be had in this draft so their next pro-
blem will be addressed first - iiosetackle. lf William Perry's
left. he'll be the choice. but since he won't be. it'll be defen-
sive tackle Richard Byrd of S. Mississippi.

Los Angeles Raiders

All of a sudden. the Raiders aren‘t a dynasty. Last year.
experts said the Raiders don't need the draft. Now. there
are problems everywhere: wide receiver. quarterback. of~
fensive line. inside linebacker. and center especially. Bobby
Hebert may come from the USFl. to solve the quarterback
problem. but all other help will come via the draft.

Don‘t be surprised is USC's Jack Del R10 is tabbed by the
silver-and-black to hand out black-and-blues. giving the
Raiders the respect they demand. Also a possibility is
Vance Johnson. who has worldrclass speed.

Denver Broncos
The Broncos own the most oVerrated defense in football;
a»

 

Jerry Rice - Mississippi

 

 

 

