 

Danesse

By John Keenan
('UNTRIIIUI'IAG I-IIIIOR

The Albany State Great Danes
and the Ithaca Bombers have
some excellent reasons not to like
each other.

In the first gatnc of the Danes“
I984 campaign, an enthusiastic
Bomber defense sidelined
Albany’s starting quarterback
Mike Milano for the remainder of
tile season with a broken fibula.

With Milano out, tlte Danes
had to spend the rest of their
mediocre season juggling inex-
perienced quarterbacks Jeff
Russell and Anthony Nozzi. and
finislted 5-5 on the year. only the
fourth nonlwinning season oi
Head Coach Bob Ford's II year
career at Albany.

But Albany won that first
game. III-6. as Milano wettt
Io-l'or~26 with one tottcltdown
pass in his only gatne of the
season. And that one loss was all
that kept lite Iiombers out of the
’NCAAs last season.

So >\\‘llCtl tlte Dunes and
liomhcrs square off agaittst caclt
other at Ithaca Saturday. the
average football fan would _
asstune that they were taking
grudges itt with them. something
both coaches are quick to dctty.

"No, I don‘t tltittk so,"
ltltaca‘s head coach Jim Butter-
field said. “We haven't emphasiz-
ed attythittg like that. attd I
Itavctt't heard the kids talking
abottt anythittg like that. Albany
won fair attd square."

uThere‘s no resentntent on our
part.“ Danes coach Iiob Ford
agreed. “It wasn‘t a dirty play. it
was a freak. Ithaca has to feel
that we kept them out of tile
NCAAs. lho'uglt.“ he added.)

J1,

   

 

 

.'.|..t‘..rttrt...,,

: ” Spos Friday

ek. to break injury j'in

The Bombers. who finished the
season at 9-1, missed out on an
NCAA bid on the strength‘ofthat
loss alone, and ‘had to content
themselves with the ECACs.

“We should have gone to the
NCAAs," Butterfield said. .

Meanwhile the Danes, after

that brief glimpse of Milano’s‘,

ability, went 4—5 on the rest of the
season. mostly due to the inex-
perience of their quarterbacks.

Albany has beaten Ithaca in
three of their last four meetings,
Ford said. adding “I see it as a
factor on their part. In a way, I‘m
hoping Ithaca comes into the
game so sky-high that they try too
hard.”

Ford expressed a great deal of
respect for Ithaca's program.
however, comparing Itltaca's im—
pact on Division III football to
Nebraska in Division I.

“When we first started this
program. Ithaca was the Division
III school we tried to emulate.“
Ford said.

Ford picked a good team. But-
terficld, who has a career
coaching record of l22-52-l and a
winning percentage of .700, has
sent his team to the NCAAs five
times in his last ll years as coach.
The Bombers have also been nam-
ed ECAL' Team of the Year six
times.

Starting the game for the Danes
will be Mike Milano. back for a
return engagement with the
llombers after beating out
sopltotttore .lel'f Russell for the
starting job in preseason.

“Mike‘s‘ready front both an
emotional attd a mental view-
point.“ Ford said. “I think early
in the preseason. Russell was yery
clearly ahead, bttt Mike is a

 

..,..“my...thumps,

. e. ww-‘mugcygwuwm, ’

 

‘*..‘4\4‘l“1»l‘lv.c~‘~; . t'; if I . . . u c s {s t g't «,6 t 6 got 6 e c“; 'es‘t'ij ’.

 

 

Subway series: . 

Is one in the wbrks for    ‘
the .Mets and Yanks?

 

 

SEPTEMBER 13, 1985

strong young guy, and he worked
to get his leg back in shape."
Milano also enjoys the con-
ﬁdence of his teammates, Ford
said.
“Milano is able to take a play

‘that looks like it isn't going

anywhere and turn it into
something." Ford said.

Asked whether he felt his
wishbone ster offense was
something that the Bombers
would have trouble against, Ford
replied, “Well, they are an option
team. too, and I think that when
you play a similar type of offense.
it's easier, because you see the
same type of offense every day in
practice. Of course, the same is
true for our defense. We’re hop-
ing to exploit some things with
our personnel."

“There is a facet of the
wishbone that makes it harder to
defend against. however,“ Ford
said, “and that is no ‘look-teatn‘
can do quite as well preparing the
defense as it could against some
of the other types of offenses.”

A big'faetor i'n Albany's victory
over Ithaca in I984 was the stellar
play of the r Danes’ defense.
However. with the graduation of
inside linebacker Jim Valentino.
there is a question as to whether
or not that defense will remain as
strong. Right now a large part of
the answer to that question is
riding on the shoulders of junior
80 Murphy. who is “much bigger
and much stronger than he was
last year.“ according to Ford. ll‘
Murphy-is looking to fill the ltole
Valentino has left, he'll have'to
face dowtt the impressive Ithaca
offense, led by senior quarterback

 

‘ ' ‘ ~ - no I! on . g
Detenslve lineman 0hrla' Esposlto undies himself for the upco’r‘rr-
' r .1

tng battle agnlnet Ithaca.

rushed for 54l yards and IO
touchdowns, and threw for 849
yards and six more touchdowns.
Kass's experience will be~a big
part of lthaca's play. and the
Dane defense is going to have to

Game results on_page 18.

xagainstlfﬁaca‘.

 

 

s .

 

game.

“I've analyzedmauy times why
I’m in this game.“ Coach Ford
said. “and it's because You want
to win. you want to excel. So you
want to win against the people

 

 

 

Steve Kass.

uowa YVOAII UPS

       

 

Last season Kass

eome‘on strottg to stay in the you respect the most."

Dane boaters blanked,

By Cathy Errig
S'IJH' \lRII'ER

The dormatories are not the only places
abundant in freshmen this fall at SUNYA.

Freshmen accounted for five spots on
the Varsity Men‘s Soccer team roster
Wednesday in their season opener against
Oswego State. The 2-0 Dane loss can be at-
tributed, according to head coach William
Schieffelin. to a lack of experience, cohe-
sion. and overall fitness.

“The game was actually a lot closer than
2-0." said Schieffelin. “If we had scored
first we probably would have won. It hurt
that the game was so close and I'm very
disappointed by the loss but not
discouraged.“ '

According to Schieffelin. the Dane
hooters had four opportunities to score
but were unable to utilize any of them.
Oswego, on the other hand, was able to
profit from their scoring opportunities,
scoring at 18 minutes and 36 minutes ittto

‘ the 2nd period. “We made some freshmen
mistakes ottt there." said Schieffelin. “At
this point. we lack experience, but with 5
freshmen starting you‘re going to see im-
provement. We have it lot of room to
improve."

Gone from last year's 3-ll-I team are
explosive threats Jeff Hackett and Jerry
lsaaes. This season, Schieffelin is looking
at a new crop of freshmen along with 4
veteran starters. including two-time All-
SUNYAC forward. eo-cuptain Tiitun

Presbie.

The goalie position is completely
dominated by newcomers, with Schieffelin
giving the edge to freshman Jeff Goldst'ein
of Queens over Marc Cohen (Soph) and
Elliot Saltzman (Sr). “Wednesday’s game.
was .Ieff’s first college game and although
he made a few freshmen mistakes he did an
overall fine job." said Schieffelin.

0n defense, perhaps the Danc‘s most ex-
perienced area, junior co-captain Carl
loos. a two-year starter returns, and
although freshman Mike DiVulentino
lacks experience, according to Schieffelin.
“he did some very good things out there
Wednesday. and he's def inater capable of
playing."

Freshman Doug Kendall of Vestall and
Senior Frantz Michel look to be the
primary targets at the fullback position.
“Michel is very consistent." said Schief-
felin. "and Kendall has been looking
good."

Sehieffeliu moved sophomore Warren
Manners from wing to the midfield posi-
tion this year where he is shaping up to be,
according to Schieffelin. “one of are bet-
ter players." Other midfield starters look
to include junior Wes Merritt. an ‘84
starter. and either freshman Ed Rogan and
.Ierry Verntelyiu or sophomore Guy
Young.

The front line will be dominated by
I’resbie, one of the moshdangerous offen-

19"

1985

 

 

 

 

 

specula tion

When I came to SUNYA this June to work on the summer issue of the ASP,
my first task was to locate the Aspects desk. I spotted, near the ceiling, some
movie press‘releases. new records and books, scraps of poetry, and a photo of
Boy George’s head pasted onto a Penthouse centerfold, and I knew I was close.
I dug down until I found a typewriter— a good sign. I reached under the
typewriter, expecting to find the wooden desk top. Something was wrong. It
felt fuzzy. l yanked my hand back and saw green under my fingernails.

First, i ran to the nearest bathroom and washed my hands with a lot of soap
and very hot water. Then I walked back to the ASP office, leapt into the pile of
iunk, pushed aside Boy George, lifted up the typewriter. and opened up one
eye. It was a bag of grayish-green Burger King french fries. Without saying
anything to anybody, I lowered the typewriter back down on the fries, put all
the other iunk back in the pile, and worked on Aspects In the production
room, without once returning to the ASP office that weekend.

In addition to mold, the Aspects staff cultivated a lot of good ideas over the
summer. Our goal for the fall is to, bring interesting aspects of life to the
awmnai‘of'the SUNYA community. Our goal is to examine the Intellectual-

 

ly stimulating aspects of our cultural environment. Our goal is to use the word
"aspects" until you say it in your sleep.

I came back to SUNYA this fall eager to set these goals in motion. I knew
that we’d have to start with a clean desk. I marched right up to the ASP office,
ready to kill anything that moved on the Aspects desk. It was a miracle. It was
a sign from either God or the ASP editors. The room was clean. I didn’t ask
about the fries, and nobody asked me, but I think they knew why I was wear<
ing rubber gloves.

Now it’s time for Aspects to start some fresh ideas growing. So, if you've got
a little cheesecake. or anything else to add to the pile, please share it with us.
Stop by the ASP office, CC 329, (I promise it's safe), or call 4426661 and ask
for Loren, Ian or Robyn. Also, the ASP will be holding an interest meeting, for
all aspects of the student press on Wednesday, September 18 at 8:00 pm in LC

20. Welcome to the many aspects of Aspects. _

 

 

 

 

