 

 

- NATIONAL AFFAIRS

‘It’s Time to Get Out and Raise a Little Hell’

Eleanor Smeal, 46, wan back the presi-
dency of the National Organization for
Women (N0 W) this summer with a promise
of new militancy. The daughter of Italian
immigrants, Smeal graduated Phi Beta
Kappa from Duke and earned a master’s in
political science from the University of Flor-
ida. She and her husband. Chat les. have two
children, Tod, 21, a junior at Ml T, and Lori,
17, a high-school senior, She talked about
N0 W ’s new goals, on college campuses and
elsewhere, with NEWSWEEK’S chief political
correspondent, Howard Fineman:

FINEMAN: T wo-thirds of votersfrom 18
to 24 voted for Ronald Reagan against Wal-
ter Mondale, who described himself as a
“feminist. ” What ntakes you think students
will respond to your message now?

SMEAL: First of all. not all students are
young. A lot of them are my contemporar-
ies. Older women students have a profound
effect on the others. They’re living testimo-
ny—the Gl’s on the domestic front. These
women have experience as to what sex dis-
crimination is all about.

Q. Yes, but students still voted for Reagan.

A. Students voted for Reagan for primari-
l the same reasons that the rest ofthe public
did—economics. They have conservative
attitudes on tax policies, on the role of busi-
ness. But that doesn‘t make them conserva-
tives on social issues—reproduction, abor-
tion, comparable worth, pay equity, ERA
—and that‘s what I‘m organizing on.

Q. A nd just what do you want to accom-
plish on campuses?

A. I want students to get active in the ﬁght
to keep abortion and birth control legal and
safe, and also to get active in the ﬁght to save
Title IX through passage ofthe Civil Rights
Restoration Act of 1985. Also, we‘re going
to start an ERA campaign on the state level.

Q. How do you expectstudents to help you?

A. We're going to have a huge march next
spring for keeping abortion safe, and they
certainly can participate in and organize in
that. We have a lot ofcoming-from—behind
to do, and we can't do itjust by making deals
with politicians. We have to show them that
they need us more than we need them. It's
time to get back out on the streets and raise a
little hell.

Q. The Ci [Rights Restoration/1c! would
restore and extend Title IX aritidiscrimina-.
tion In ws in institutions that receivcfcderol
funds. Isn ’t it possible such federal compul-
slon isn ’t needed any longer?

A. It‘s true that we now have substantial
numbers of women in all the professional
schools. But they‘re there because the laws

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER l985

changed in the '70s. The doors were opened
because we helped push them open, and we
pushed them open with legislation and the
possibility ofa lawsuit. Thereare still preju-
dices in our society. And I believe that
without the thrust of a mandate from the
federal government you will see a lapse.

Q. But there has been su bstantial progress.
Is that a problem in organizing an t‘ mpuses
and elsewhere?

A. Our biggest problem in organizing
young people is to paint the picture as it is.
They have a picture that is more egalitarian
than is in fact the case. Especially women in
college situations~they by and large have

Smeal: ‘Do you want those doors closed?’

not run up against discrimination them-
selves yet. They have this strong feeling that
it won‘t hit them. They‘re not as worried as
women who have been out in the market-
place ﬁghting for 5 or 10 years. On abortion
there is this feeling that it won't be made
illegal—it can 't be. Theyjust can't visualize
that this could change.

Q. Aren ’tyou in a sense victimized by your
own successes—by a lack of knowledge on
campuses of the “bad old days, " by the fact
that most women in college won’t feel the
sting of discrimination until they leave?

A. We have to explain to them that the
ﬁght is not over. In fact, we're midstream in
this ﬁght and we can go backward. We are.
in fact, going backward! In the decade from
I965 to 1975 a lot oflaws were passed that
indicated the country was moving to elimi-
nate discrimination. Now it‘s 1985, and we

can point to people actually going back-
ward: the ERA failing, abortion clinics clos-
ing, the right wing on the attack.

Q. In fact, aren '1 you being outorganized
by the right?

A. When I go around saying, “We‘ve got
to raise a fuss,“ people criticize me and say.
“Oh, those are the tactics ofthe ’605." They
don't even realize that it is right-wingers
who are using those "old-fashioned" tactics
now—the marches and demonstrations.

Q. Are male students with you too?

A. My analysis of polls and my real—life
experience is that women under 29 are the
most accepting group for our message. I
wouldn‘t say men and women are equally
with us. It is primarily a female target.

Q. [low do you win over college men?

A. You have to present the economic
analysis, which says that they are being
ripped off. too. Most of them are going to be
married, and most oftheir combined family
incomes will be affected by discrimination.

Q. What would the reaction of the Ellie
Smeal at Duke in 1960 have been to the El-
lie Smeal of today?

A. In thedays when I went to school, I can
tell you I never heard the word “feminist.”
When I went to college at Duke, my good-
ness, ifyou didn't have a ring by yourjunior
year, this was a big catastrophe! Everything
revolved around the wedding ring. Those
patterns have all changed.

Q. What about the notion that many pro-
fessional women in their late 20s and their
305—beneficiaries, in a sense, ofthe equal-
rights movement—are now deciding to
chuck it all and stay home and ha re kids?

A. There may be some stories in the me-
dia. but there isjust not data to substantiate
this “late baby boom“ business. Our oppo-
nents are trying to encourage the notion
that women are giving up.

Q. In this battle of images, what do you
point to tho v part of the American Way.
some positive thing that is the result of and
reflects equal rights and reproductive rights
for women?

A. Sally Ride is good imagery. Geraldine
Ferraro is good imagery. They can see that.
my God, there is a whole new door open to
them. We‘re not negativists. Young women
have their own aspirations. So we ask: do
you really want those doors closed? We ask
women in college: vhy are you here? What
do you want that‘sdiﬁ‘erent? Wejust have to
remind them oftheir aspirations—and that
they are threatened now more than they
may realize.

4]

 

