2'A‘L’BANY s‘rub'éNr harass El TUESDAY, "Germain." '1'98‘5' _

NEWS BRIFS ‘

The We)er 1%,

London youths riot

 

London
Youths rampaged through an inner-city
district, attacking police with shotguns and

machetes, looting and setting ﬁres. Police '

said one officer was killed and 252 people
hurt in Britain’s worst urban violence in
four years.

Following the six-hour overnight spree
in which dozens of cars and buildings were
burned and ransacked, the Tottenham
area of north London was reported quiet
today except for a vehicle that had been set
on ﬁre.

About 500 young people, mostly blacks,
poured into the streets of the racially mix-
ed neighborhood Sunday, a day after
police said a black woman died of an ap-
parent heart attack during a search of her
home.

The roving bands of youths looted
stores, set cars and buildings on fire and

 

The burials, attended by about 400 anti-
abortionists and a US. Marine color
guard, marked the end of a three-year
court battle over whether [.05 Angleles
County could give the fetuses to religious
groups for interment. .
A eulogy by President Reagan was read
by Los Angeles County Supervisor Mike
Antovich to the crowd. “I am confident
that your memorial service will touch
many others as you proclaim the in-
violability of human life at every stage of
development." Reagan's eulogy said.

Car crash kills ten

Sacramento, California

Smoke from a brush fire hung “like a
curtain" over California’s major north-
south freeway, setting off a 33 vehicle
chain reaction smash up that killed 10 peo-
ple and injured more than 40, the highway
patrol said.

“We hit the car in front of us and then
all hell broke loose.” one of the’victims,
Kenneth Shockley said after the pile up
Sunday. Shockley, a passenger in a van

mangled cars and trucks, said'his vehicle
was hit six or seven times and bounced
around “like a ping pong ball. We were
scared to death.” . v,
The pile up involved “33 vehicles —_ in-
cluding two large tractor-trailer rigs —
shortly before 4 pm. on northbound ln-
terstate 5 north of downtown Sacramento,
said California Highway Patrol
spokesman Dick Fridley.
' The highway. closed until early today,
was still littered with damaged vehicles
several hours after the crash. One small

'sedan was smashed beyond recognition,
and crumpled automobiles were strewn .
across all the northboundlanes‘and onto

the shoulder.

f},

Columbia may divest-

New York

The Columbia University board of
trustees considered a recommendation
Monday thatlthe school sell its approx-
imately $39 million in stock in companies

      

.> investment‘in South Africa.

The trustees, were to vot‘e'on the
measure, whiehvwas recommended to them

in August by" an ad hoe committee‘pf the
board. .Citi‘ng'the worsening  in

the racially divided country. 'The ad hoe
panel said Columbia should divest itself of
stock It all such companies, with the possi-‘
ble exception of news media with reporters
in South Africa. . '

The committee recommended that the
divestment take place over a ‘twoiyear.
period, and the board of trustees
periodically re—examine its policy toward

Lil-60

V ‘ ‘ .chks'ville
State ofﬁcials continue5to criticize. 
Long, island. Lighting Co. for delaysuin
restoring; power to the 750,000 homes, and
businesses left without-light after Hurrican

{Gloria struck on September 27.

’ About 8,900 ~LILCO customers remain-
ed without, power late Sunday, most ,‘of
them at the far eastern end of Long Island,

.said utility spokeswoman Carol Clawson.

LILCO restored service to 30,000

 

bombarded police with gasoline bombs,
bricks, rocks and bottles, police said.

 

6'":

Man goes over falls

Niagara Falls, Canada

John David Munday, who went over the
Horseshoe Falls in a barrel Saturday,
hopes someday to jump off the CNA
Tower in Toronto without a parachute and
land on an air bag. However, ﬁrst the
diesel mechanic from Caistor Center, On-
tario has a date in Provincial Court here
November 6.

Following the successful attempt Satur-
day, Niagara Parks police charged him
with unlawfully performing a stunt and
violating his probation.

With an assist from tourists and carry-
ing a rabbit’s foot and a'silver dollar for
luck, Munday, 48, went over the l76-foot
waterfall Saturday morning in a 7—by-4
foot aluminum barrel.

The LOGO—pound barrel is the same one
he used July 28 when police foiled his at-
tempt to go over the waterfall. He vowed
at the time he would be back. “But I’m not
a Stuntman.” he said. “l'm just an or-
dinary guy."


Fetuses buried

East Los Angeles, California
The burial of l6,433 aborted fetuses
referred to by President Reagan as “the in-
nocent dead" has ended a three-year legal
fight, but political and religious leaders
who attended the memorial urged a renew-
ed effort to outlaw abortion.
Color autopsy photographs of 42 of the

that ended up in the middle of the pack of

 

‘ \ 11'

that do business in South Africa.

  
  

customers on Sunday, and planned to pro?
vide electricity for-.all those still without
power by the end of Tuesday. ’ ' '

Gov. Mario Cuomo, a frequent critic of
LILCO, withheld judgment of its handling
of the storm until a state task force com-
pletes its review of' the utility’s hurricane
preparedness and-response. “I can't be
pleased'that 'it took them a week. l can't
fault them for it, but 1 can't be pleased."
Cuomo said. ‘ I

Farrakhan criticize.“ 7

New York
Black Muslim minister, Louis Far-
rakhan, on the eve of his scheduled speech

ed by religious and political leaders for
past statements attacking Israel and the
[Jewish faith.

Gov. Mario Cuomo, appearing on the
television Sunday, condemned Farrakhan
as an advocate of ideas that are “ugly and
divisive and wrong and hateful." '

Farrakhan, leader of the Nation of
Islam, a Black Muslim sect, has gained
notoriety for making statements widely
considered to be racist and anti-semitic.

Cuomo said, “There is no question that
the language that Farrakhan uses, the
ideas that he espouses, ideas of hateand
divisiveness and polarization, are precisely
the thing that could tear this country
apart.” Farrakhan‘s aim, said Cuomo, is
“to set people against people."

 

Correction -——~

In the Friday, October 4 issue of the
Albany Student Press the word eviction
was used in the wrong context in the page

 

tonight in Manhattan, was harshly criticiz— ‘

fetuses were displayed on Sunday during
the non-religious service at Odd Fellows
Cemetery as six wooden coffin containing

 

' e r
ow,“ ,
. 5 J

 

wgw ’
m

 

\r~“

HOWA ND TVOA R U PS

. \‘
gr ‘.

 

How many ways can a banana split be split? This was just one of many as students

    

one Grouper Law story. Although the stu-
dent was told by a city representative that
he must leave, no eviction took place
because only a judge can order a person

 

the fetuses were place in three graves.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

free listings

Anthropology Club will meet
Wednesday. Oct. 9 at 4 pm. in
SS 260.

Ponce Project will hold Its
next meeting Thursday, Oct.
10 at 8 pm. in ED 122.

Senior Class Council will meet
Tuesday, Oct. 8 at 9 pm. at
831 Washington Ave.

 

 

 

found~out last Friday.

 

evicted from their dwelling.

 

Community Service Program
will have a table set up In the
Campus Center lobby Tues.
day and Wednesday of this
week from 10 am. - 4 pm. to
provide information concern-
ing the program.

“Socialism In America" will be
the topic of a talk by author Ir-
ving Howe Wednesday. Oct. 9
In the CC Assembly Hall at
7:30 pm. The event Is free and
open to the public.

Gay and Lesbian Alliance

meets every Tuesday at 8:30
pm. In CC 375. Everyone ls
welcome.

SUNY Blood Drive will be held
Wednesday, Oct. 9 from 10
a.m._to 4 pm. In CC Assembly
Hall. Walk-Ins are accepted.
Bible Study is sponsored by
the Baptist Campus Ministry
every Tuesday from ":30 am.
to 12:30 pm. in CC 357.
Alumni Quad Blood Drive will
be held Thursday, Oct. 10 from
1 pm. to 7 pm. In Brubacher

Hall Ballroom.

Professor Bonnie Spanior wlli
lecture on “Feminism and
Science: Recent
Developments" Tuesday, Oct.
15 at 4 pm. In HU 354.
Rochester institute oi
Technology graduate officer
recruiter will be on campus
Thursday, Oct. 10. People In-
terested should go to the
Career Development Center,
ULB 89.

Peace Corps will hold an inter

matlon sesslon Thursday, Oct.
10 at 4 pm. in CC 361.

Riding Club will have a man-
datory meeting for members
Thursday, Oct. 10 at 7 pm. In
SS 256.

Soelety for the Advancement
of Marketing will meet Tues-
day. Oct. 8 In BA 229 at a pm.
Duke University Law School
will have a representative on
campus Friday. Oct; 11. Sea
the Career Development
Center In ULB 69 for details.

 

 

 

 

 

By Kathy O'Sulllvan

foreigner.

Conversation . ’ ’

pus for an hour each week.

periences," she added.

conversations buffer
Students opportunity
to learn about world

Foreign students can learn to do and speak as ,
Americansdo while studying here at SUNYA by taking
advantage of the univeristy’s new Conversation Part-
ner Program, but the benefits may not be just for the -

According to Suzanne Reeves of the Intensive
English Language Program (IELP) office, “It’s dif-
ficult for foreign students to strike up conversations
with Americans for fear of being misunderstood."
Ameriean, students are also ‘hesitant, to approach
strangers of unknown English ability, she said.

“This situation is unfortunate,” said Reeves, “since
so. much can be achieved through simple

The Conversation Partner Program attempts to
eliminate this communication problem by pairing in-
terested SUNYA students with foreign students of
limited English proficiency. The partners meet on cam-

Sharing experiences as well as conversation helps real
friendships develop, Reeves said. “in this way their
meetings become social as well as educational ex-

TUESDA~Y.-QCFQBER-8, 1985 U ALBANY STUDENT PRESS, 3

 

Alan King performed before a capacity crowd Saturday night during Parent's Weekend.

C-U Day unites parents and students

  
      

NOVIAIID TYGAR UPS

Chris and Olya Szyjka, who participated in the pro-
gram over the summer, recall how their partners, two

According to the Szyjkas, once they all got to know
each other the nuns became comfortable speaking
English in conversation. '

“The units felt relaited talking with us because they
knew we were interested and really trying to unders~
tand what they were saying," said Chris Szyjkas.

The nuns felt less selfoconscious making English
mistakes during their converstions than in their classes,
she added. ~

“It’s an excellent opportunity to learn about the
customs and people of another nation,” said Chris
Szyjkas.‘ ‘

Reeves and Ms. Szyka both said they feel that
American students benefit fr‘omt his program by “hav-
ingTIheir view of the world expanded.” . .

This mutually beneficial program requires “only a
small eommittment of time and a good attitude," said
Chris Szyjka. “Communication may become difficult
at times, but this can be overcome with a little per-
sistence and some hand gestures,” she added.

According to Reeves, this commitment pays off by
breaking down the communication barriers present at
such a large university as SUNYA.

According to Chizuyo Saijo, a Japenese student,
foreign student participate in the Conversation Partner
Program not only to practice English, but also to meet

‘ 19>

 

Cuban nuns, enjoyed the informality of their meetings. ‘

 

 

By Pam Schusterman
and Robin Wenlg '

Saturday’s heavy rainfall dampened more than the
Albany area as it also cut heavily into the expected atten-
dance at Community—University Day and Parent's
Weekend events.

The Lecture Center hallway was alive with an activity
usually reserved for school day morning as student
groups and University departments put up displays and

" gave demonstrations of the research they do to interested
onlookers; ” 

Among the busier booths was the Five Quad Am-
bulance Service table. where people could get a free blood
pressure reading.

Other popular booths offered fingerprinting of
children and information about Telethon ’86. In addi-
tion, many groups offered, ethnic foods for sale.

Tickets for Alan King sold out on Saturday‘afternoon,
and King performed before a full house in the gym that
night. ~ '

For parents, the weekend was a time to see their
children and also the school.

Ira SAndler of Plainedge, Long Island, father of Jeff
Sandler, a first-year student on Dutch Quad, browsed
through some of the displays in the LCs. “l was very im-
pressed with the physics display. it kept my children in-
terested —- which was important to me," he said.

According‘to Sandler, the campus seems to be a “vast,
sterile campus.” He explained that the campus is so big it

just isn’t "intimate."

Parents did appreciate all the timestudents put into the
exhibits on the podium. Mrs. F. Gessner of Monroe,
N.Y., mother of Joan Gessner, a junior from Indian
Quad, said “We went through all the exhibits on the
podium, we spent a lot of time there because there was a
lot of time put into them." She added that the Russian
display was especially excellent.

Experiencing the aura of the campus was something
parents indulged in this weekend. Mrs. Gessner said “We
wandered around and tried to absorb the spirit of the
campus, it was a wonderful warm spirit, it just felt com-
fortable." Gessner said all the students seemed very
friendly.

Parents participating in the planned events seemed to
really enjoy them. Carol Tuttle, mother of Doug Tuttle,
said they attended Alan King and the President’s
Breakfast. “We had a great time at Alan King and the
breakfast was very pleasant."

Mrs. Tuttle said “We really enjoyed President
O’Leary’s speech and the student's speech. Parents need
reinforcement sometimes too, that their children are do-
ing a lot at school and enjoying themselves."

Feeding their children with other than UAS food was
another priority of parents this weekend. Mrs T uttle said
“We took Doug out for chinese food, and to Cosimo's
for some good food."

In addition to attending events parents seemed to enjoy
just seeing their children. Mrs. Tuttle said, “It was nice
just to see Doug, spend time with him, and talk. El

 

SUNY victory inspires push for state divestment

By Pam Cpnway
STAFF WRITER .‘
Encouraged by the recent decision of the
SUNY Board of Trustees to divest SUNY
funds from companies doing business with
South Africa, campus groups are now tur- v
ning their attention to pushing divestment ,
on a state-wide level. i .  'V , '
Stacey Young, project coordinatbi for 5
the New York Public Interest Research
Group (NYPIRO) on campus stated that
NYPIRG's “ultimate goal is to achieve
state divestment in order to put pressure

 

' "j expressed that he is in favor of the bill.”
Hartman will be heading up a letter—
writing campaign on campus this week to
enlist student support for statewide divest-
ment. He stated that student action is very
effective because “this is a pre-election
year. Senators are responding to public
opinion and don't want any bad press."
David Langdon, press secretary for
Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink, a sup-
porter of state divestment. explained that

on national corporations.”

State divestment would involve the
withdrawal of the pension funds of New
York, which Young estimated to be about
$2.5 million, from stocks of companies
which do business in South Africa.

NYPIRG is hoping to "build a ceaiition
of students and community groups who
are interested in state divestment“ and to
work in coalition with the Student
Association of the State University
(SASU) now that SUNY has divested. said
Young. Until the recent victory. SUNY
divestment had been SASU's main
priority.

This spring the state Assembly passed a
far reaching divestment till] 9843. but no
Senate action was taken. The bill would
not only have divested pension funds but
would have also affected government
contracts. '

 

._ I”?

    

 

 

 

Jay Halfon, legislative director for
NYPIRG, stated that in order to get the
Senate to pass the divestment bill, “we
must put pressure on Ned. Regan, the State
Comptroller. who has been shielding the
Senate and has said that state divestment
would not be good for the pension fund.”

In order to accomplish this.. Haifon
said that NYPIRG "will be working
through educating on campus. organizing

grassroots activities, and other efforts."
According to Larry Hartman. chair of
the Student Action Committee, efforts for
divestment statewide must now be geared
towards the Republican leaders in the State
Senate who “don't want full divestment
and are not allowing the bill to come up."
If passed by the Senate. the last step
would be approval by Governor Mario
Cuomo who, according to Hartman. “has

the process would involve taking New
York pension fund money out of stocks of
companies doing business with South
Africa, money which is “almost complete-
ly under the charge of Comptroller
Regan." '

“Regan and other opponents of divest-
ment." said Langdon, “feel that money
for retired New Yorkers should not be us-
ed to solve social problems. Many retirees
are against apartheid but don't want their
money used to stop it," he said.

“Every now and then, an issue comes up
that is so pressing. so important to human
rights. that it is our obligaiton to act,"
argued Langdon.

According to Langdon, the effect of
state divestment is “an unknown due to
the size of the pension fund. Some loss of
money may be involved, but it shouldn't
be enough to scare us away."

Although admitting that Regan's pull

a»

 

