 

 

  

at?

Save th e Rat

About a year and a half ago, an Albany bar
owner was asked whether the 19-year old drink-
ing age was a threat to his business. “No,” he
responded. “we'll always be creative enough to
survive.”

The people who run the Rathskeller,
SUNYA’s on-campus bar, may not be.

The Rat was once the place to be on Thursday
nights and a popular ﬁrst stop before going off-
campus on Friday and Saturday nights. When
the drinking age went up to 19, sales in the Rat
declined dramatically and they began losing
thousands of dollars.

UAS, which manages the Rat, responded tc
the decreasing sales by cutting back the Rat‘s
hours and bringing in a few local bands. But
UAS’s attempts to attract students brought few
results, as sales continued to go down.

The bar owner who stressed the need for
creative management had the right idea. Declin-
ing sales call for innovative changes. To bring the
Rat back to its previous popularity requires
much more than a few local bands. UAS has to
decide to put some money into changing the look
and image of the Rat. ,

This Thursday night, UAS is sponsoring Save-
the-Rat nite. They‘ll be giving out free t—shirts.
hats. and pins. Hot dogs, chicken wings and beer
will be sold at reduced prices.

UAS is heavily promoting the event as a way
of drawing students back to the Rat. However,
UAS has no concrete plans for capitalizing on
the event so students are likely to pick up their t-
shirts and their hats and forget all about the Rat.

With off-campus bars offering students
numerous options. the Rat needs some fresh gim—
micks, and creative promotions. Loyal
customers can't be bought with one night of
cheap food and beer.

A fair budget?

Governor Cuomo appears to have been good
to SUNY this year. His i985-86 budget proposes
no increases in tuition or room and board rates,
and the only faculty cuts in the budget are in
keeping with the decline in student enrollment.
In faét, for the so-called ‘traditional' four-year
undergrad, this budget offers much to be
thankful for.

But the picture looks a little different for
students with children, international students.
grad students, and community college students.
all of whom seem to be forgotten in Cuomo's
budget.

At a time when women increasingly need ac-
cess to education in order to continue moving up
in the work force. child care funding has been
knocked down from $750,000 in the current
budget, to $500,000 in Cuomo's proposed
budget. .

international students, who provide a much
lacking diversity to the state campuses, were not
granted any tuition waivers in the budget. Laws
prohibit these students from working outside the
campus community, and current work-study
programs often fail to utilize their unique
cultural backgrounds.

Graduate students gained no new fellowships.
In addition. Cuomo has allowed salaries for
graduate assistants. teaching assistants. and
rescarclt assistants to fall so low that the Higher
Education Services Corporation now reports that
the average undergrad earns more money in out-
side employment than the average grad student
makes while working for a state university.

Community colleges received no increase in
funding, forcing students at these schools to pro
vide the needed increase through a tuition hike.

But few of us at SUNYA are likely to directly
pay the price of this year's budgetary priorities.
We've been allocated $1 million to come up with
a design for a new athletic field house. and in the
meantime, Cuomo has proposed that we get
$500,000 to construct a temporary air-filled
‘bubble' until the field house is completed.

Of course all this still has to be approved by
the legislature. but after the large student voter
turnout in November. student leaders are fairly

 

 

 

 

 

optimistic.

   

'1 ' ' V. ' ..;_,‘ ' '1‘ p.
'I I I i i K  I: A“. w “J M 
’ I I. .;. ‘» “- :‘

on’t eange. the drinking age

First of a two-part article.

Throughout his term as governor, Mario Cuomo has
vigoriously pursued a- 21 year old drinking age for New
York State and regionally. in the last session of the
legislature. the Governor's efforts to raise the state's legal
drinking age were frustrated when the Assembly bill to
raise the age was defeated last summer. This decision was
rendered on the basis of all pertinent information and
without irrelevant external pressures.

Steven Gawley

in the current session of the N.Y.S. Legislature, the

 

 

proponents of ‘21' have resumed their campaign to in-.

crease the legal drinking age and are' extremely confident
of victory. This conﬁdence is not. based upon new and
compelling evidence to support their view, but rather a
piece of Federal legislation which Will deny highway pro-
ject funding to states who do not have a 21 year old drink-
ing age by October of 1986. This act of federal blackmail
has been the basis of many misconceptions pertaining to
the alleged urgency of raising the state's present legal
drinking age.

The basic argument in favor of raising the legal drink-
ing age in New York State consists of three major points.
Firstly, the proponents of ‘Zl’ hold that the federal
legislation which lies ‘21’ to highway funding has left the
state with no other option, but to raise the age. They
claim that a 2i year old drinking age will save the state a
net amount of approximately 90 million dollars. Second-
ly. with an increased alcohol purchase age, it is argued
that New York State will stop under age persons from
neighboring states from traveling into New York to pur-
chase and consume alcohol. Thirdly. the proponents con-
tend that by raising the age to 2| alcohol related accidents
and crashes among l9 and 20 year olds will be reduced.

The reseanch of both the Student Association of the
State University (SASU) and the Student Action Commit-
tee of Albany 'State has led to a basic refutation of the
pro-21 lobby's major points of contention. The research
not only sheds some light on the cloudy misconceptions
presented as fact by the advocates of ‘21' but also adds
concrete statistical data to bolst the argument against
raising the statéis legal drinking age. -

First and formost, a fact that must be weighed heavily
is that the'Federal legislation which will deny highway
funds is currently being challenged in the courts. South
Dakota and Ohio are two of the states who have already
challenged the Federal legislation in regard to its ques-
tionable constitutional character. The let amendment
clearly delineates that the power to regulate alcohol is a
power reserved to the states. it is highly likely that an in-
junction will be issued which will effectively postpone the
denial of federal funds. it is therefore probable that the
law and its monetary effects will be null and void until
such time as the constitutionality of the law is ﬁnally
decided. in short. there is no present and impending
emergency to raise the age as the proponents of ‘21'
would have us believe.

Additionally the ramifications of this type of legisla-
tion are rather ominous and present real dangers to our

federal system. The denial of federal funds in one pro-'

gram as the price for inaction in another. crossover

' legislation, is a technique that can cause serious pro-

blems. The use of so-cailed “crossover legislation” in
regard to ‘2i’ is a clear example of federal legislation go-
ing completely awry. The federal government is entering
into a very dangerous realm of “Big Brother" policies.
On the basis of such precedent. the national government
may further attempt to impose its will upon the states in

 

other areas of public policy. A mandatory school prayer
amendment attached to some apprOpriations hills, which
would deny states federal education aid if they did not
comply..is a scenario that is hardly out of the question.

Another important factor to consider is that New York
State will face extensive losses of liquor related revenue
should the drinking age be raised to 21. Wisconsin has
estimated losses: $160 million in gross liquor sales; $47
million in lost wages and proﬁts; 4,539 full time jobs. and
14 million annually in reVenues from on premise sales,
wages, proﬁts, fees. and personal and real property taxes.
Preliminary estimates for New York State are comprable
and even appear as if they might be slightly higher.

The loss of monies associated with non-compliance
with the federal directive consists of a 5 percent reduction
in' federal highway funds the ﬁrst year, followedby a to
percent reduction the following year. The denial _of
federal funds. however lasts for only two years as that is
the duration period of the law.

Alternatively. the loss of liquor related revenue would
be with the state every year. Regardless of the exact
estimates, the liquor related losses 'would inevitably be
greater than the loss of denied highway funds in a short
period of time. Although it is clear that New York will
lose approximately 90 million dollars if we refuse to in-
crease our drinking age, compliance will cost the state
more in terms of closed taverns; lost jobs, lost sales, and
the resulting multiplier effect. New York will not come
out ahead monetariiy if it goes to ‘21’. The state’s losses
in liquor related revenue will exceed the loss of denied
highway funds.

Another major point of the pro-21 ar ument is that,
currently. underage individuals from Pen "ylvania, New
Jersey and other border states travel int '_New York in
order to purchase and consume alcoho€ However, if
there is presently a problem with underage residents of
other states being drawn into New York State due to our
lower alcohol purchase age, it seems highly, likely that
New York residents would do the same if confronted with
an increased drinking age in their own State. There would
be ample opportunity for New York residents to engage
in this dangerous “cross-over" practice. Vermont (adja-
cent to Albany and eastern New York). has a ZQ,ye_ar old
drinking age. The Canadian Provincespfpntgslo_(adja{
cent to Buffalo and western"New Yorktcitrreiitlyhave
legal drinking ages of is. ‘ ‘ -' I V " ' 3

Those who propose ah increase in the-legaipurchaso
age of alcohol for New York State would,like to reduce
the incidence of alcohol related border accidents; With
many thousands of New Yorkers affected by this legisla-
tion, the net result will undoubtedly be.to,‘increase the
number of New Yorkers who take part in this dangerous
practice. With an increased legal drinking ago, New York
would move from being a net “importer”_ of out-of-state
residents to becoming a- net “exporter’; of our own
residents to Canada and other-states. The, legislation to
increase the legal drinking age in New York would only
increase the tendency of those affected to put themselves
in dangerous driving situations. ‘

Finally, the time worn fallacy that ‘21' saves lives has
also been questioned in a variety of lstudies. General
studies from across the nation cuncerning the effects of.
increased legal drinking ages and hard data concerning
the effects of the 19 year old drinking age in our own state
lead the conclusion that an increased legal purchase age
of alcohol does not reduce alcohol related fatalities.

 

The author is Student Action Chairperson andﬂa
SUNYA SASU delegate.

 

miaﬁ h g
.‘ CohooPrrmSorvtco

 

 

 

 

 

r

n A.

l  

To the Editor: - ' _ v
i was one of the spectators at the‘ Albany State Gym-

nastic team’s ﬁrst meet. i also saw Karen Bailey's terrible

fall. As on amature gymnast i also know that such in-

juries would bo less likely to happen if Albany State had

the proper equipment. _ ,

A gymnastic spring floor exercise mat is supposed to be
a layer of springs attachedto boards approximately to
inch high. with a layer of Styrofoam 1/4 inch thick. A

blue rug encases the springs. This is standard equipment '

for high schools through the Olympics, except at Albany
State, that is. I ‘
By not having a, spring floor the Albany Gymnastic

team and its opponents risk major injuries. Our team is 7

also at a great disadvantage when competing at i‘awuy‘
meets” -— other NCAA Division ill schools have spring
floors, thus our timing is off. i think our team should
receive SA funding in order to be more competitive and
suffer less injuries. .
' ——.loe Leonard

Fresh air wanted
To the Editor: '

Recently a SUNYA student sat in front of the campus
cemter distributing free cigarettes and preaching of the
militant non smokers who were organizing to deprive him
and’other Americans of their ‘right’ to smoke. This ac-
tion is within the rights as stated in the United States Con-
stitution. However, as on of the two thirds of all

Americans who do not smoke i would like to address this ,

student and all those who share his misinformed beliefs
on smoking. ‘ ‘

While this student's right to stage a sit in is guarenteed
under the laws of theConstltution. his so called “right to
smoke" is not. 1 Challenge that student to produce
evidence which supports his rights his right to smoke. He
will ﬁnd that in actuality he does have a temporary
priveledge to smoke. i say temporary because the Surgeon
General has stated that if current trends of public opinion
continue. by 1990, it will be illegal to, pollute America;s

@s as

£0110]!th In 1010

 

{J

Heidi Jo Giulio. Edllor In Chief
nun Chang. John Kan-n. Mannglng Edlioro

u." FHIIM tun-- n'Sulllvln

 
 
  

 

Alooollto as g. Flinn Voung

looti- HIM- ' Tnm Kocondul

Movies Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..isn Spelling
8 I Editor Mam Barman

 

Editorial Fog" Editor ....... .. ' .........Edwsrd ﬁolnos

 

Jerry Complain. Scalar Edllor

Conlrtbutlng Editors Jane Anderson. Dun Bolt. M'arlt Gunor. Llu Mirabella,
Wayne Pooroboom, Llsl Sirlln. Judy Torol Editorial A'ulltsnto: Christoph"
Blomquloi, Michelle Bulhor. Cathy Errlg, llano Wolnolelh, all" writ-n: Bor-
blil Abrlhlrnor, Torn Bergen. Lullo Chlii, Johlnnn Clancy. Jacquie Clark.
ion Clements, Belle Dumbo. Both Flnnernn, Ron-Id Brant Gorrton. Judy
Gooehwlnd. Bob Hlnlon. Modal Kun, John Parker. Christine Rollolt. Joe
Romano. Krlsilno Bauer. Porn Schualormln. Michael Skolnlck. Perry Tlochtrr,
Artist: Stove B-‘ylon '

chri- linghl. Buslnul Money's!
Lynn 8mm. Alabama Buslnuo Manager
Mauro Kollotl. Rhonda Woll, Advortlallrg Man-gnu
lilo Knirnlr. salon Man-gar

,........,........Randoo Behor

ﬂ-v Pore"

F||mm Shoohon

nogor I’airlcln Mlloholl

Advertising all": More Hobormun. stove Lutt, Advertising Production: Lin

Blohlar. Denise culrono. Torou monotone, Elloln Kolbas uh. Jacki Midinraky.

Amy Pup-my, Office sum Llndo Delgado. Marjorie Rosonthll. staph-hie
Schanrul '

Billing Aooounilnl ........ ..
pm'mtn Run-who“
m. m .u.

   

Adorn 8. Englo. Plirlolo Glonnoll. Assoc/Ila Pruductlcn Monsan-

chlof Typos-tin ....................................... ..I ............................... “Lunacy Huyman
TyplllI: Debora Adolmlnn, Jounnlnt Dlnnuuo, Sarah Evolnnd. Sm Fu, Lin
Glamorous, Maureen MoHuah. Pun Slrnublr. Pull-up: Jennifer Haydon. E.
Phllllp Hoover. Chauffeurs: Warren Hurwltt. Richard ahnrldln

Photography principally ouppllld by Unlvonlly Photo Service. I oludont
group. -

chlof Photographer: Erlcu aplogol UPS staff: Shari Albert. Amy Cohen. Mllll
Culllnon. John Curry. Lynn Drollus. Cindy Gnlway. Adorn Gin-burg. Hobart
Nonlmnnn, David lune, Kenny Kirsch, Robert Luckoy. Em Mluror, Mark
Modilvlllo. Chrll Orrlnl, Lin Blmmonl. Robert Saucy. David Btrlck. How-rd
Tran! .

Enllro contents copyright ms Aibnny lludlnl Pru- Corporltion. Ill rlahil
ruorvod. -

Tho Alblny Bludlnl Prul il published Tuudlya and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Frau Corpuulicn. In lndoprndont
not-lorlprolii corporation.

Edllorilll All written byth Editor in Chili with members ol tho Editorlol
Bond; policy II subject to rrvlow by the Editorial Bond. Advertising policy
does not necessarily reflect editorial policy.

Mllllhg address:

 

 

 

 

Albany stud-m mu. co m the department chair and request that they transfer you to enough enough? :4
' Mbﬁ";“,',".°',‘;g;‘3"‘ another advisor. Another source of wisdom. speciﬁcally —-Monto Llpm-n
(are) tsunami/am for which courses might be best for you, is upperclaumen Captain
who have had’thc beneﬁt of having taken the courses and . “Colonial Crunch "
‘sawauwowauuwnwdwnwno'ro'o‘lo'o‘o'o'o'o'o'owo'o up on u c I o coo v.0 v.0.I.o,o,o,o.o.o.l,oo o o 0. up; 0 o o o o o o o o a o O to a r A A o o a o A a o o o a o o o o p o 9 9 9 9 q."

 

It

air by smokingin any arcaoutside of a private home.
This comes as a breath of fresh air for the vast majority
of Americans who have been victimized by an obnoxious
smoker. . y

if a smoker desires to ruin ’his health and environment
he has no right to desrtoy mine as well. Possibly this is
why we nOn-smokers hold a “militant: attitude" towards
smoking; or possibly it is because Americans have always
defended thier rights strongly. in this case our right to
breath free is being denied. Considering the recent wave
‘of anti- smoking legislation passed by many countries and
states, it seems that Americans are ﬁghting for their right

'to breath. Possibly the solution offered by my father
sounds best'in this instance. Each smoker should be given
a plastic bag to wear over his head while smoking. The
only problem with this solution is that the smoker would
soon cry for fresh air to breath. But hasn’t that been the
non—smoker’s complaint up to now?
—Wlllilrn Spelch
Support needed
To the Editor:

Many people have heard the words “Forensics Team”
on campus this semester,, and wondered if Albany had
started an autopsy major. What these words refer to.
however, is the re-emergence of the Albany State Foren-
sics Team after l2 years of absence. With the generous
assistance of Dr. Richard Wilkie, and graduate student
Victor Bye, Albany students once again have the oppor-
tunity to gain valuable analytical, persuasive. and profes-
sional research and speaking skills.

The team has attended two inter-collegiate tour-
naments this semester. Competing against such schools as
MlT. U. Penn, Yale, and St. John's U., the group has ac-
quired trophies in several areas. if you like to criticize,
Legal Crit., Lit. Crit., or Rhetorical Crit., may be for
you. For drama enthusiasts, Prose and Poetry interpreta-
tion. Single or Duo Drama lnterp., or improvisation can
provide good experience. Other areas include: Persuasive,
informative, or After-Dinner Speaking, to name a few.
The art of debating is also alive and well. This semester,
the issues of space exploration and the electoral college
were argued. -

Sounds great? So why are we writing a letter to the
editor? ' ,

Simply stated, a team can’t survive without support.
‘Whose_support? That of. the student body, administra-
tion, and interested faculty, willing to provide guidance.
knowledge and experience.

Events such as the October 12th debate between
Albany State and Oxford University don’t just happen by
themselves. SA has been extremely supportive. but for
our continued survival, we need University-wide support.
As one of the few teams which combines academics with
regular extra-curricular competition, the Forensics Team

can only enhance the University’s reputation. But we can .

only achieve that end by establishing our own.
For thoose interested. meetings are held 7:30 every
Sunday night in Room 220 in the library. if you cannot

attend the meeting. leave a message in the Forensicsv

mailbox, located in the Communications Department.
HU 355.

—-Dlane Supanskl

—Sherri Netbum

Vice-President

Advisement examined

To the Editor:

The topic of advising has come under great scrutiny as
of late and has proven to be the source of much debate.
Whether advising here in our campus community is ade-
quate, is quite questionable. but there are steps that we as
students can take to make the process more beneficial to_
ourselves. The advising system tends to exist here in a
passive state, therefore the responsibility is placed on the
individual to excerpt as much information as he/she can
from the available resources. _ '

Advising is not an’entity that exists really twice a year
during the time span preccedlng fall and spring pre-
rcglstration. The time is available. and advisors in both
CUE and in the separate departments are accessible
throughout the semester. All that's necessary to execute
this task is to contact the advising ofﬁces and make an ap-
pointment to see your respective advisor. Another good
source of advisement that students should utilize is their
"teachers and professors. Before and after classes as w‘ell
as during a faculty member's office hours is an excellent
time to receive some quality long term as well as short
term advisement. . .

in the unfortunate situation where one is just not
satisﬁed with their advisor, there are still a few alter-
natives that are open to him/her. Do not feel intimidated
and feel free to go directly to your advisors superior or

   

not just read the description in a course book. lnfany
' event, do not let the pfocess frustrate you, and try to use
I this system to your advantage.

The advising system on campus is really far from
perfect and there are a lot of aspects of it that really need
to be examined as to their actual value. As those being ad-
vised though, it is our responsibility to meet the advisors
half way and to ﬁght to get whatever we can out of this
much maligned process.

‘—Llrry Hartman
Central Council Representative

New coalition

To the Editor:
University Cinemas has done it again. We would like to
‘condemn them for their choice of ﬁlms this semester,
among them Body Double and The Opening of Misty
Beethoven. Both of these ﬁlms advance the cause of
violence against women and perpetuate a rapist mentali-
ty. Body Double gloriﬁes the killing of an “erotic
dancer” by means of an electric drill. The Opening of
Misty Beethoven contains scenes which encourage
violence against women and brings about the lie that
women want and enjoy being raped and abused. Since
there is violence against women on the SUNYA campus
and programs like “Don’t Walk Alone" must exist.
showing these ﬁlms serves only as a catalyst to encourage
increased animosity towards women. Showing these ﬁlms
is a bad move to which we strongly object. Student funds
should not be used to promote hatred nor should Univer-
sity Cinemas function as a pimp.

We are organizing a protest against the presentation of
The Opening of' Misty Beethoven, which will be run on
Friday, February 1 and Saturday. February 2. Our pro-
test will begin both nights at 7 pm. in the entrance to the
LC near Performing Ans. We invite the SUNY communi-
ty to help us protest the showing of the heinous ﬁlm.

Our group, Coalition Against Pornography, which will
meet on Wednesday, January 30, at 8 pm. in CC to
organize this protest and future activities. We will be a
permanent organization on campus dedicated to
educating-the SUNY community about pornography and
its harmful effects. We invite everyone to attend.

. —l(en Dornboum
—Wendy L. Cervl

' ' Co-chairs, CAP
Coalition Against Pornography

Football danger

To the Editor:

1 would just like to bring to the attention of the ASP
and the rest of the SUN YA student body. the 1984 fall
season of the intramural flag football ieague.

The Albany State Flag Football League (ASFFL) was
by far the poorest run intramural sport that I've ever
witnessed. Being a transfer student and observing another
school's intramural football program, i am speaking
from experience. ‘

After nine years of organized football, I decided that
was enough for me. Looking forward to staying in shape
and keeping a competitive edge, i decided to f0rm a team
(Colonial Crunch) and join the ASFFL. To this day i still
have to face one of my players who has his jaw wired and
rubber bands going through his ﬁngers due to the opera-
tion he had to have for torn ligaments. i myself am still
trying to heal a broken thumb and a sprained shoulder as
a result of playing in this league.

The point l'm trying to make is that in our seven games
scheduled. i can not remember one contest where there
wasn't a bench-clearing brawl. constant arguments
and/or a serious injury. l attribute these incidents to the
referees who were appointed by four individuals who
“supposedly” ran the league. in my opinion these people
were totaly incompetent and non-caring "executives"
who could possibly attempt to run an intramural pro-
gram. On numerous oceasions i tried to contact these
four students to seek new ways to help make this league
more organized; yet all i got each time was the full run-
around. ‘

Since the ASFFL is recognized by the Student Associa-
tion. i feel it's their job to look into this matter in a
serious fashion and maybe even force a resignation ofthe
executives of this league, before they organized the 1985
spring season. l'm sure many players have the same con-
cerns about the ASFFL.

'On one final note: During a playoff grune between

"The Enl‘orccrs” vs. “The Blue Crew," the contest end-
ed with a full bench-clearing brawl which lasted over is
minutes. One player had to be helped off the field with
serious bruised if not broken ribs, becunse of the fight.
Campus Security had to break up the ruckus. isn't

 

