  

 

 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ci TUESDAY, FEBR UAR Y 26, [985

:t

   

 

 

. national affinity. 7
f fulfilling careers _
‘I By Karen E.  V- V

: corporate America have traditionally
- beenmaledominatedmutanewmocia-

’ things come as a surprise to women who

. chapter of a national organization for

 

Plas to cu f-inci aid oposedm

By Karen Sllverman \

More than 26.000 SUNY students will
lose $50 million of ﬁnancial aid if Presi»
dent Reagan’s proposals are enacted. said
several speakers at a workshop held Sun-
day in downtown Albany. , ‘

The session was part of the Student
Association of the State University’s
(SASU) Legislative Conference held this
past Sunday and Monday at the State
Capital.

“Student aid is a top issue that needs an
immediate response." United States Stu-
dent Association Legislative Director
Kathy Ozer, adding. “They need to-hear
from students now or they will not be
aware of the students feelings." Students
can help themselves by showing their con-
cern and getting involved. she said.

SASU Regional Organizer Kevin
Koumes said. “Reagan's budget is the
most aggressive attack on fundamentsl
principles of access to equal educatuinal
opportunities since the history of ﬁnancial
aid." This view. amongst others. is shared
by members of SASU. United States Stu-
dent Assoxiation (USSA). and other in-
tercsted members of the SUNY and
general community.

Since 1980. students have been forced to
accept cuts. in the l983~84 ﬁscal year cuts
were made which passed in the House of
Representatives by a small margin of only
seven votes. None of these have even com-
pared to the radical ones proposed in

President Reagan’s budget, Koumes
stated.
According to the fact sheet, Kiss Your
Aid Goodbye. which was compiled by
SASU, federal ﬁnancial aid will be reduc-
ed by 32.3 billion, from 8.6 billion to 6.3
billion, representing a 27 percent cut.
Nearly one—third of all students currently

receiving financial aid will be eliminated.

while the vast majority of the remaining

recipients will have their aid'reduced.
Guaranteed Student Loans could be

denied to all students with family incomes‘

above $322,000 and students with ‘family

incomes aabove $25,000 will becomevin:

eligible for Pell Grants. work study Pro-
grams, and all
programs.

A $4.000 cap will be placed on total an-
nual aid- grants. direct loans, work study.
guaranteed loans- to any one student.
SUNY graduate students are expected to
lose an average of $2.000 per year. I

All students under 22 years of age.
unless orphans of wards of the court. will
be deﬁned as the court. will be deﬁned as
economically dependent. Students 22
years and older will have to meet strict new
standars to establish their economic in-
dependence. Figures show that there are
more older students (above 22) than ever
before. Koumes said. they are also having
a harder tiime of proving their self sup-
port. Sometintes. they are denied work
study programs. while they are told that
those will help prove their independence,

campus" ‘based "aid ' '

he added.

SASU is launching a statewide letter
writing campaign. and also urges SUNY
students to get in touch with high school
students and educate them on the situation
. for thay are the ones who willb e most af-
fected by it in the future. said Kourries. _

“Students must understand." said
Koumes. “that these cuts will not onyl af-
fect the one-third of the students that
reCeive them, but all SUNY. students."
The lack of aid will bring about a decline
in enrollment. which in turn will. put
pressure for program cuts or tuition_in-
creases. Koumes said. “The qualitycfsthe
education will be affected byvthese cuts."

With all the obstacles now standing in
the way of graduate students,'and prospec-
tive college students other alternatibes
might be sought out instead of a college
education. it would be difficult to get well
paid jobs. for many corporations require a
college degree. so they would turn to the
military. The American Council on
Education claimed that the proposed
restrictions on aid would be a beneﬁt to
the national security, for the lack of finan-
cial aid, might lead these students into the
armed forces. according to Koumes.

More and more middlw class and lower
income students would also be denied
higher education because of their lack of
financial aid in the future, “College
should not be the privilege of the few. but
the right of all." said Koumes. .

SA SU‘aSKs students to pay dues increase

By James Thomas

Students are being asked to pay for
“more efﬁcient and more effective" ser—
vice from the Student Association of the
State University, said Steve Gawley. SASU
delegate from SUNYA explaining the new
dues students are being asked to pay.

“The (SASU) Board of Directors passed
dues of $1.50 increase" through student
activity fees. to be “effective the fall
semester of'this year.” said Rich Shaffer.
President of Student Association at the
University.

SUNYA students will only pay an extra
$1.00 a year. however. because the school
already contributes $3.00 a year per
undergraduate. Schaffer said. Students
will. therefore. be paying $4.00 a year each

to SASU starting next semester.

SASU dues are paid by students as an
additional fee to the student activity fee
each semester.

According to a SASU Campus chapter
Budget Report the increased revenue will
be used to improve recruitment and

response to local campus issues. to supple-
ment SASU's printed materials. and to
help with registration fees and travel ex-
penses. “Twelve cents of the increased
dollar per student will stay on campus."
stated Gawlcy. ,

SASU dues are currently 33 per year or
$1.50 per semester. “You're going to see
better services" as a result of the increase.
said Schaffer. ‘

“There is (little money) for the type of
organization they’re running." said Schaf—
fer. “The dues increase has been proposed
to the 25 SASU member campuses." suid
Stew Freidman, business manager of
SASU‘s Board of Directors Budget com-
mittee. Frcidmnn also stated that “(We)
feel it’s imperative to have a strong na-
tional student movement."

According to Freidman the last increase
in SASU was in 1981 where the dues went
from 75 cents per semester to $l.50 per
semester. “This was a big jump." said
‘Freidman. adding that there are currently
no contract agreements with the campuses,

but with the new budget there will be con-
tracts madc between individual campuses
and their SASU chapters.

Funds are needed to ﬁght issues such as
“loss of money to child- care for students
with children." said Gawley. and also for
"SASU's response to growth and response
to change” in SUNY.

By increasing the dues more money will
be used for the campuses. “Campuses will i
have more ﬂexibility.” Freidman said. ad-
ding “We wouldn't be doing this if we felt
the organization hasn't grown within the
last two or three years.”

According to Freidman. all campuses
will raise the dues to Sl.50 but “campuses
that do not raise budgets will not get on-
campus budgets" for their individual
chapters.

Eveline MacDougall. Communication
Director of SASU said that in past years
SASU struggled to fight issues concerning
students because of lack of funds. and
hopes that the students will see the need
for funds for SASU materials and for sup-
port for SASU interns and projects. El

-. Businesstmeh‘z’i .0 I.

at SUNYA Seek.

The boardroom and headquarters of

tion at SUNYA may help women break
down the barriers to .management
positions. ' .

The» Association for Women in
Business. funded by Student Associa-
tion.rwas founded last October by Presi-
dent Nancy Bstrada-and Vice President
Sue DeLeo because. said Estrada.“Many

have chosen a career in business." ‘
Also in‘ the works is a plan to become a

businesswoman. .

The Association is “geared toward
organizing women and trying to establish
them more ﬁrmly in their career deci-
sions." said the group’s Public Relations
Director Julie McNamara. She said that a
Separate women’s association is needed
“because of the number of men at the
top of the business ladder who view
women differently.” ,

At their interest meeting held two
weeks ago, about 20 students showed up'
to hear about the organization. ‘said
Estrada. ,»

Seminars and luncheon workshops are.
planned for this semester on topics such
as ofﬁce politics. and guest speakers will
include women from local employment
consulting agencies and members of the
MBA/ms Association in the School of
Business. in‘addition. Estrada said, the
iliary Services- '
lunchedns. _ H .

Several seminars  already! running.
reported Estrada. on topics's'uch as aster;
tiveness.
intemships. ,’ .

Estrada said she was also working on ;
having the group become afﬁliated with
the American Businesswornen's Associa-
tion,which is headquartered in Kansas
City. The ABWA. she said._has a diverse
membership of women already establish—
ed in business careers.

The ABWA not only providesa net-
work which SUNYA business school
graduates could tie in to. but Estrada said
the; national organization also brings
the business world —- such as
businessowners. corporate executives.
and analysts —- to meet and exchange
ideas and share insights on the role of
women in business today.

in creating a local chapter. the
SUNYA group would receive "input
from practical.
businesswomen through lectures, lun-
cheons‘. and seminars.” said ABWA
Chapter Coordinator Pat ‘Dellva. “A
linson will have to be establishedbetween
ABWA and the Association for Women
in Business before a local chapter could
be set up in the Albany area. " she added,
explaining that the nearest chapter of the
national organization is in New :York
City. ’ i - h
. Although no student chapters of AB-
WA presently exist. Dellva said she is
working to create such a network. “l've
thrown out- the idea to local
businesswomcn and have tried to
establish a committee of business'women
to aid in the creation‘of a student arm of
ABWA.” she said.
The Association has a 8300 income
line. money they must raise and return to
SA as part of their 8500 budget. said
Estrada. explaining that bagel and donut

Alumni Association and University‘Aux- 
.iii .i'..“:."P with; 2““1 ".

time management, and ‘
a ‘r .r

together wom'en from different levels of '

experienced ‘

sales are being planned, and each '

 

 

 

member of the group pays 53 in dues as
well. D

 

,terventlon in Central America.

  
 
  
  
  

in ‘Albany’si’St, f‘A’ndrew's
.Ci‘mhn NONI)“: “'1‘
ed ' up. single ille_.and- approached
the altarl'to light candles in honor
of thei;opp‘ressed people ‘of Cen-
trali'Anier‘iea.‘  ' - " 
The crowd chorused
"presents" after each‘ naute Was
 sang songs of solidarity.

They. also came to sign “The ,

Pledge! of Resistance." _ Par-
ticipants iri'the~‘-‘pledge" promis-
ed “to join with others to engage.
infects of legal protest" or _“in

acts bf nonviolent civil disobe-v

vdiencef'. in the event of aAUnited
States military escalation or in-

“The Pledge of Resistance" .a
national campaign sponsored by
many peace organizations
throughout the United States of.
fie‘ially began in the Capital
District last night. “Forty thou-
sand _people have signed the
pledgc‘ in the 'United States
already," said volunteer staff
memberNaomi Jaffe. who added

'

u national campaign.
tartedastsummer.»~ " V
is a public resistance to

administration's ins

'. tendon ‘on overthrow the govern: .

ment of'Niearagu'a." and 'to the
continued‘bioodshed throughout
Central America. said Maureen
Casey, another vplunteer.‘- who

lead Sunday‘s program. V ' .

* “We hope if enough people
sign these pledges it will be too

apolitically costly to militarize in

Central America." said-Casey. ‘

The current Nicaraguan San-
dinista government has been‘in_
power-’since'a successful revolu-
tion in the summer of 1979; said
Jaffe. . According to .“A Pledge of
Resistance". pamphlet. theUnited
States supports the Contras, a
counter-revolutionary group.

- ‘which perpetrates attacks against

Nicaraguan cities and villages.
“Throughout Latin America.
dictatorial governments are sup-
'ported with US. aid." said
keynote speaker Reverend _ Gary
Dorrien. "The US. trains and
ﬁnances armies to oppress the
people." he said, adding that the
U.S. asks in return only that they
“fly their flags against

' ii°""'Pleds'é‘

.., -__, .a“——h£P-u‘)u;-‘ » “Jr.

'tWo years ago by the University.".,‘ the preceding examples should be

reasons for violations of System along’withciting the stu-

New‘cheating policy

aimod‘eliorintegrity _

BlyztﬁoheiiiBﬁeniatto to,_be illustrations of academic '

 

  

playersmdnem dams-or misuse bf‘  I  ‘ '

   

a.

t»

. Comatunism."

” Workers are "herded‘around; '.
1' like cattle" to different. farmer

planting crops "like hash to be

exported. .back to thet‘.Urﬂted_
' States."'sald Dorrien. «This are“

20th century serfs.f'-he added.
Dorrien “Related to the silent au-

dience the. tale of a: Central- :
r American priest who said. _

,“When 1 bring food to the poor 1
jam called a saint. when I ask
'why thevpoor arehungry, i am
called‘a cemmu'nistg' The priest

was later killed by unknown‘

assailants while saying mass. Dor-
;rien added. .. ‘
Peasants. "under the old
Nicaraguan regime. knew
' “poverty. disease and back-
breaking toll." said Dorrien. The
Sandinistas have given land to the
peasants and fofmed. farm

‘ cooperatives. ‘i They' have
eradicated diseases like polio and
also police terror. and have built
hospitals and schools where none

 

A;  t“ )‘-li}.?’§i .‘t Lump 

/ r:jl:l;-‘ {viii ,‘

FFWUARWEISQ? U ﬁlm A STUDBN’I’PREZSES

    
  

.mrilg 

 

veetne B‘IAI

 

 
  

    

 

 

Fort thousand In the 0.8.
Res stance" ‘

had existed. said Dorrien. ~

' The situation in El Salvador is
very much the mac now as it was

‘in Nicaragua before the revolu-

tion. asserted Dorrien. in El
Salvador, medical care can only
be obtained through permission

   

have signed the "Rtede of
cards given out by the army, and
v people are executed in the streets.
“Medical care ‘ is' free in
Nicaragua and capital punish-
‘ment has been outlawed. " said
Dorrien. “The Opposition press
14> -

 

"The “brothers asister's” of Telethon
want you to be able to say ‘

- I threw 

 

 

 

. ,. ’victim‘i
v :‘é '/ - ‘

 at Telethon ’85

Pics obst $501minirnum. Money and permission of
s needed-by March 15. ‘

_ For more info contact:

Students'now have amodel for _’dishonesty. ; include plagiarism. Sloan-45795177
conduct and estaternent of ex— cheating on exams. multiple sub-4 - _  (ﬂ ‘ Smeeym 58.2
pect. ..ed. assesﬁtisﬂst'swtrstan nigger! set.- ‘10:" [fairway “  JL “ ,,.‘~.‘..:‘.,‘., g.  Mammm- ” g
' dprdtiéounQS'of'a recentlygpasse sa', tage‘;"unaut or ze _"‘co " ’> " :S-  ’t- - I h “I . n M‘
ed Uriive'r'sitysenate bill. ‘ _ ‘,laboration.*falsitication.-bribery.: ' "'- "xi" -‘  '3" ¢ 9-“ ‘ 

....’.,.'..ré23, ; Jc ' 

Jr,

.
p

.r 4'.

 

 

     

It

., ‘ -:l min!"

‘1 v. hii

 

“Whitening. .. . , .
PresidentprQ: . h y..m,.,  (or computer resources.
about fro ta'task‘forcer Hrmed According to the bill,'however.-

said Senate chair Patricia Rogers. understood as "infractions-rather

The task force had been charg-' than an exhaustive list...in-
ed with creating a new cheating dividual faculty members andrthe
policy for the [university in the judicial boards of the university
form of a statement on academic, will continue to judge each case
integrity. ' ‘ ' according to its particular merit."

3According to this new bill "it is 'Penalties for: being “ caught

every student’s responsibility to violating the policy can include a -

become familiar with the stan-- warning only. redoing aplagiariz:
dard of academic integrity at ‘the‘ ed paper. or the lowering of n
University.” Therefore. "claims grade on a test for thevcourse by
of ignorance. of unintentional er'- the faculty member involved. '

  
 
 

 

ror. or of academic or personal A faculty. member can also
pressures are not sufficient refer the case to the Judicial

academic integrity.“ dent with certain sanctions, as
'Student Association(SA) Presi- well, According to the bill.
dent Richard Schaffer said this “Students who feel they have
new bill. "gives us a clear‘deﬁni- been erroneously penalized for an
tion of what the university feels academic integrity infraction or
about qualities for academic think that a penalty is inap-
dishonesty where before this there propriate may grieve these issues
were no real guidelines." through procedures developed for
irwin Weinstein. Senate co- each college. school. program. or
llason. said “the idea behind this department of the university."
bill was to put' on paper what '
wasn't there before." Welnstein Rogers said the bill was passed
also said there was “no problem unanimously and that she had ex-

, in the passing of this bill." except pected no real problems either.

for‘ questions about ﬁles to be and added that she plans “to
maintained on each student. This recommend that the university ex-
problem was restored quickly tend the‘idea of academic integri-
once the comrlaint was looked in- ty to include graduate students
to ant shown tobe records kept due to their work in research.
only for the purpose to see how dissertations. and so forth."
many offenses a personmight because “unfortunately‘there is
have. said Weinstein. some cheating going on at the

Once "the Dean of graduatelevcls," 7
Undergraduate Studies receives a "Students do have more rights
second academic integrity report ‘with this bill than before. never-

on a-student. the Dean will re- theless. our main concern will be .

questahearing beforethe Univer- on vigilante behavior'wlth this
sity Judicial System." The bill bill.” by faculty. said Schaffer.
also states that “upon graduation “if the bill.isuuscd properly it
or'separation of the student from could be very successful.’ butif
theUniverslty. these confidential it’s abused by certain faculty

 

 

reports will be destroyed." membersit could cause romantic-i
‘Afllit “or behavlcrrconltdercd' biem'l." he added. El

straight. Back-to-the-roots. '

Some people like it that ,
way...enOUQh people to

One taste otthe hard stult

isn't It about time
ou had a taste of
Rlcky Skaggs?

stout srsccs.
on Epic Records
and Cassettes.

'l’txo.“ , ‘
ll'r urlm mu

m limit-Mutts at can lnc' t mm. cps int;
1.. ,tit51,'iv.-'..lii.'

it...

  
  

RICKY SKAGGS
nuawus AND llliAli‘l'M‘ll

“WIM‘IW‘M‘IIM

WNW”

WWW

  

,J [Lima-y; ‘t .

"Mitt-WM
mint
mmylumwmm

°am‘t':'

W..c'—W.. "i i._

i i

   

 

