 

.y‘v.

zwmp .‘ r.AuaurrswosmsssssiuTusspnzrnesu,souls-513i  h __

if

I,

Frqmvthe Editor ; 

Although it's been months since we've seen a bone-crunching
sack or a blocked kick. and the only place we've seen Dan Marino
and Ice Mohtana has been slamming down Diet Pepsi. April 30
marks the day that football fans start looking to the next NFL
season. Because that’s the day of “The Draft“ and many a season
has been won and lost because of what goes on at the tables on
this fateful day. ,

Granted. the USFL is around. but for many football fans. the NFL
isl FOgTBALL. played in the winter when football is meant to be
p aye . . V.

Steve Hart has thoroughly researched each team and player
available and has come up with what he feels is the best picks for
each team. Nothing he says may faze you. But then again. there
might be a few surprises.

Speaking of the NFL. many a cold Sunday afternoon is spent in‘

front of the TV. and the name Bob Costas is not unknown‘t‘o any
die-hard football fan. Managing Editor Dean Chang s ent some
time with the NBC sportscast'er and got some very fiank com-
ments from him. _

Finally. if you're like me. you grew up idolizing sports figures
and always hoping to get that s ecial autogra h. Well. so did Tom
Missel. and his impressions 0 some of to ay's superstars offer
socrine enlightening social commentary on the state of pro sports
to ay.

This is the last issue of SPORTS magazine for this year and it's
been quite a year. Many people behind the scenes have worked
very hard in producing this su plement but i would like to thank
two in particular: Managing” E itOr Dean Chang and Sport's‘Editor
Marc Berman. ' ' ‘

These two extremely talented individuals spent a lot of time '
tracking down storiesand personalities in .order to keep you. the].

reader. entertained. So. to Dean and Marc. many thanks.

a

d

Bob Co

 

tribulations of getting an ant
society.

All photos courtes
stas. which is courtesy of NBC.
Times-Union for the NFL logo on the cov

a i t i . . . . . . V ~ . . . . i i r Ir
. . . . i r . . . . . . . . . i . ..
. i i . -.

Contents ’1. 

. 3 Bob Costas' views from the booth

  

Managing Editor Dean Chang speaks with the NBC an-

mbition.

raft.

nouncer about everything from his colleagues to his secret

An inside look at the NFL draft »
Newcomer Steve Hart takes a close look at the needs of
each team in the NFL and offers his ideas of how they might

6 SPORTSApril salutes the Albany State Athletes

The-award winners and record-setters from each sport at

n SUNYA get the recognition they deserve.

7 Wanted: An American sports hero

Guest columnist Tom Missel discusses the trials and

Playoff Gallery

ograph in the modern sports

A look at the Patrick division finals between the New

York Islanders and the Philadelphia Flyers as seen through
the lens of the camera.

 

Photos

 

y of the Associated Press except for the photo of

Thanks to. the Albany

er.

 

 

 

906'

SA

would like to congratulate

Ox
00/

_ Richard “Doc” Sauers'

for being named

Division lll Coach of‘

00/

   

the Year

S.A. Funded

 

 

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

As host of NBC's pre-game football show. NFL '84.
Bob Costas seldom has the time to pursue his
ultimate ambition in life: to pin Kamala. the Ugandan
giant.

Unusual? Perhaps you think that pinning a profes-
sional wrestler. let alone a. Ugandan giant. isn't the
stuff ordinar’y dreams'are made of. But Costas is far
from being a typical television broadcaster.

Costas recalled that his career began in an unor-
thodox fashion. He had been given the opportunity
to do radio broadcasts for Syracuse University's

, hockey team. and he made the most of it.

"i knew nothing about hockey." said Costas. "so i
lied. i gave them a tape 1 did on basketball and said
'this is how i do hockey."'

After receiving the position. Costas learned
everything abOut hockey in six days. No longer did he
believe the two blue lines on the ice were there for
just decorative purposes. Costas thought he would be

prepared for his first broadcast. but he wasn't ready

for the circumstances that awaited him.

"We were playing johnstown. Pennsylvania. and
on the seven-hour bus ride. I studied both teams'
rosters." said Costas. “When the players hit the ice.
every number was different."

Not one to panic under pressure situations. Costas
chose a player named Francois. and decided that he
was about to have "the game of his life. He assisted
on his‘own goals and even fought himself." .

And so. a career was started.

After graduating from Syracuse in 1974. Costas
worked for seven years in the Midwest. His first job
was with KMOX in St. Louis. broadcasting St. Louis
Spirits basketball games from the now-defunct ABA.
In 1980. Costas was hired by NBC. During those first
several years. Costas realized what type of announcer
he didn't want to become, ' t . I

g'j'l‘lieie‘s "a 'B‘e'rt ‘Co‘nvy‘Gary 'Collins vanilla middle
zone." said Costas. "They offend nobod . and
enlighten nobody. Guys can build broa casting
careers on that. buti don't believe in that." ’

When Costas joined NBC. he was paired up with
Bb’o Trumpy. also a young broadcaster. The two
quickly became one of NBC's most popular broadcast
teams. ‘

"Trump." as Costas affectionately calls his former
partner. "has his thoughts. My job was not to let him
drift to insanity."

The television audience enjoyed the banter the two

“Sports, generally

speaking. has become

increasingly
impersonal and
dehumanized. The
ﬁnancial and business
aspects of sports have
been
overemphasized. ”

 

exchanged on the air. "The best compliment we
could receive was that we sounded like two guys
watching the ballgame: like two guys whom people
would enjoy watching the game with." said Costas.

Trying to be more personal with television viewers
is something he feels strongly about.

"Sports. generally speaking. has become increasing-
ly impersonal and dehumanized." said Costas. "The
financial and the business as ects of sports have been
overem haslzed, john Mad en's work has been well
receive because as he explains the technical aspects
of the game. he lets you know how (the players as)

TUESDA Y. APRIL 30.1985 Ci ALBANY smosurmsss Spam Apt”;

 

humans feel." ' I

Now that Costas has moved from the booth to the
studio. Pete Axthelm has replaced Trumpy as Costas'
verbal sparring partner.

"i understand that Ax (Axthelm) is operating at a
near-level of insanity." said Costas. "What we do is
meant to entertain. it's so obviously off-the-wall that
it's much less likely to mislead viewers."

Dressed neatly in a gray suit with a maroon tie and
matching handkerchief. Costas looks every bit like
the prototypical network broadcaster. As smooth off
the air as he is on the air. His comments. however.
are anything but typical.

For example. one ofCostas' favorite sports is profes-
sional wrestling. “At its best. wrestling is darn good
and funny." said Costas. "i‘m not ashamed to admit
that i go to three or four wrestling cards at Madison
Square Garden each year. if there's anyone whose
blood .doesn't start bubbling when Sergeant
Slaughter defends the honor of America against the
iron Sheik. .  he said. leaving the sentence trailing.

His admiration isn‘t limited just to wrestlers. in his
own profession. Costas admires Madden. Brent
Musberger and Marv Albert.

"Marv embodies the Protestant work ethic better
than any jewish boy from Brooklyn could." quipped
Costas. "He has four children. When they were con
ceived. i don‘t know. He is on a pace few ofus would
or could want to emulate."

As for Musberger. his peer at CBS's competing pre-
game football show, Costas has nothing but respect.
CBS’s women broadcasters don't get off as easily.

"Phyllis George has been a plus on the ratings side.
so she served their end." said Costas. “But they did a
disservice to women broadcasters. equating them
with beauty queens. When Phyllis left the show for a
year and a half. her replacement was equally or
maybe even prettier - jayne Kennedy « and equally or.
believe it or not. even more ignorant of sports."

George and Kennedy are two broadcasters whose
work have been mostly confined to the television
studio. Albert is a jackvof-all‘trades. and master of
most. Unlike Albert. Costas did all of his work as a
play-by-pla man prior to this year. The studio was
foreign to him. presenting a challenge to the man
about to become NBC's most-watched sports
announcer.

  Bob‘casiae'viéws from the" booth '

 

"There was a lot of risk involved when i took the
position." said Costas. "i was a very good play-by-
play man. and i wasn't going to fail at that. With NFL
'84. even if i had an innate ability. 1 had no ex-
perience to do it - no work in the studio. and no
background." A

His biggest fear was that he would "get blitzed
while learning the ropes. i was afraid that i would go
under before i had a chance to improve." said Costas.
"if that had happened after five or six weeks. it
would have hurt my self-confidence."

But Costas~didn't get overwhelmed. not after six
weeks. not after sixteen weeks.

Only one hitch - and it wasn't even his fault.

in late November. NBC was televising a made-for-
TV golf extravaganza called the "Skins Game." The
two«day event had culminated into a $240,000 18th
hole. The golfer that could hole-in in less strokes than
his competitors would receive the money. Arnold
Palmer. Gary Player and Tom Watson could do no
better than par. jack Nicklaus. a legend whose
popularity transcends the sport he plays. had a
12-foot putt for the money.

As he sized up the putt. Costas rudely interrupted
the broadcast. shown live to about 30 percent of the
country. claiming that NBC had to show the football
game because of the by-laws. This is fact. But NBC
showed not a football game. but the pre-game show
starring Costas.

Costas had taped the message believing that it
would be televised. if necessary. two minutes before
gametime. instead. with 30 minutes to show Nicklaus
sink one lousy putt. on went the pre-game show.

"i was an unknowing victim." said Costas. "i was
unfairly perceived as being dishonest." A network
executive later vindicated Costas in the Letters col.
umn of Sports Illustrated.

Despite Costas' overall success this year at NFL '84.
he still sees himself as a baseball announcer first.

"i would like to be on the roll call of the truly great
baseball announcers." said Costas. "if i could he the
'80's or the '90's version of Vin Scully. Red Barber or
Mel Allen. and help people enjoy the game. that
would be my main ambition."

Somewhere in Uganda. a giant named Kamala can
sleep a little easier tonight.

Portions of this article were taken from a speech
given by Costas at Skidmore Colleg .

 

