Tender Moments with
a Motorcycle Mama

herif

very shy girl. with large

b' n eyes. By age twelve.

.‘ te had perfected the form

of an atttograph — (Iher ——
that she. whett she grew up and became
an actress. would graciottsly give to fans.
IIy sixteen she left ltottte. still dreaming
of being an actress. At nineteen she was
half of a singing teatn. Sonny and (lher.
which sold four million copies of its first
record. In due tittte she owtted a 31 rootn
Beverly Hills tnansion with a thousand
gowns in its closet She still wanletl to
be an actress. Instead. slte ltad more
million-selling records. a silly ltit of a
television seri and a few s ons pranc-
ing Las V tges in game antl beads.

“You see." (Zher says. "the reason it
took me so ltmg to become an actress was
llI‘lI people could only see my comedic
side."

(Iher is delittitely an actress now. with
an Oscar notninatiou to verify what fans
atttl crtttt have felt abottt lter complex.
yet uatutal performances in (Santa liar/t lo
the Five um! Dimehluumy Dram/immy Dean
and in Si/kumml. "I feel freer now tltan
I've ever been." (Zher toltl a report«
er after her role itt Si/kttvtmtl. in which
she appeat'etl without makeup and with
disheveled hair atttl baggy. tttanttislt
clothing. After the lH-gowns—per-sltow
glatnor. the giltled (iv'tt'ittg. brt-astplatcs
and headdress tawdriness. it was like an
atonement.

I'Ict' tltit'd serious t'olc is the new l’ctcr
llogtlanovich movie. Aim/t. wlticlt is
scheduled to open itt late March. (ﬁlter
steps ahead with a tttore .utive sort of .t
~I l‘lll‘. Mthtv'. M.\t:.v\/.th

character than Silkwnmlft Dolly I’elliker. as
the motorcycle tnadotma Rusty Dennis.
At the satne time. she retrenches to a
sensitive-but-ttmgh persona that dat all
the \\ y back to the pop records she
made as a teenager. Rttsty is a woman
who has chosen to be an otttsider. to be
tottgh. because she's a very vttlnerable
girl within. It's a role that ﬁts Cher like a
glove.

“When Anna (Anita Hamilton Phelan.
illuskft screenwriter) started writing tlte

Sam Elliott and Cher

script." (Zher relates, “she said she had
tltis really strange itnpulse and she went
down to the llevt ' (Iineplex (a Los
Angelcs theatre) to se (Joule [luck to [he
Flt‘l' uml Dime. jimmy lh'un. jimmy Dean
and then she catne ltotttc. got an eight by
ten g ‘ ' of me. put it up on the wall
and started writing it with the in mind.“
l'he real Rusty Dennis tnotlterctl a son
who suffered from a disliguriug disease
but had. with his mother‘s encourage—

tnettt. an amazingly positive sense of
hitnself and what he could accomplish.
One of the things (‘.her did to prepare
for the role was to meet the wotnan who
had already lived the part.

“When I tnet Rusty." Cher says. “I
really didn't ask her about who site
was because I think that the best way to
find out about someone is to ask them
how they feel about everything else. She‘s
just like one big dichotomy — and a real
strange combination. Like, she‘s taken a

lot of drugs and she hangs out with bik-
ers. but yet she‘s very metaphysical."
(Iher peppers her (‘Oth

sttclt phi“ ‘ ' ' "cool" attd "hip."
Talking to her is like talking to an old
friend. At 38. now fulfilling that long.
held wish to be an actress. she seems to
have pttt a lot of insecurity behind her.
With her singing partner Sonny IIono.
(Zher was pliattt. taking near total direc-
tion from her show-biz experienced
tnatt. With her doc cy '. straight. lotlg
hair and Sunset Strip bellbotlotn fash-

 

ions. she was the perfect comtnercial
realtzation of a Sixties hippie girl. Later.
on her own again. she trietl for film roles
and couldn‘t get taken seriously. Then
came the Vegas act. a short-lived shot at
disco queen stardom. a black leather-
itnaged rock baml. “People regarded me
as a clothes hanger tttore than an enter-
tttiner." she opined to a reporter. Yet the
image kept her alive and she kept the
image alive. She was fatnous for be-
ing popular — or perhaps vit --vetsa —
but she wasn't considered a talent.

Seeing rock singer Linda Ronstadt
break loose of her owtt bltte-jeaned
image by essaying a lead role in the jo-
seph I‘app production of (Dilbert atttl
Sullivan's The Pirates of I’mtzuucr. (‘.her
fottnd the cottrage to try (Ilterilyn Sar-
' m's dr n ottce tnore. She took a
New York apartment antl approached
I’app for an audition. He asked. bluntly.
how in the world he was to know wheth-
er she had any talent. considering the
“junk” she had been in previously. But
she won an audition and a pivotal role in
I’app's production of‘limmy Drill). When
Altman tnade the filth lte kept her in the
role. attd when director Mike Nichols
saw her performance he asked her on
the spot to be in SiI/mvmal.

Ironically. Nichols had tttrtted ('.her
tlowtt for a part almost text years earlier.
This time he was so eager to place her in
his film that he deliberately withheld the
fact that (Iher was to play a lesbian with
a decidedly ttn-put-together look. Cher
was afraid of going cold turkey on cos-
metics. bttt even more rfttl of acting
alongside Meryl Streep. ' he payoff cattle
in great reviews and ever tnore respect-
fttl attention frotu filmmaker

“I got the script of l\l(l.\lt last December
along with this really wonderful letter
from [producer] Marty Starger saying
that they [Starger and director Peter
Bogdanovich] wanted inc for the movie
and that they hoped I liked the script as
much as they did.

“So I went upstairs and started to read
it and when I got about halfway through
I was so upset that I went rigltt to the

ending. and l was. like. a me“ Then I
went back to the middle. linislted it. anti
1 mean. as hysterical. I cried autl I
cried attd I cried. From the moment I
read it. it‘just seemed very real."
Attdiences may very likely share some
of those copious emotions. .‘\ltl.\lt is an
affecting tale about pc onal struggle. all
the more impactl'ul for being based on
fact. Plenty of the lilln's impact also rides
on how trite to the tough-sensitive

Once a song-and-dance girl. Cher has evolved a complex screen presence.

character (‘.her is. Within limits. Bog-
dauovtch gave her rein to improvise
elements of Rusty Dennis.

“I don‘t really like being directed that
much." (Iher confesses. “I like having a
certain amount of freedom with which to
work. l‘eter tells you exactly what to do
atttl you listen to it antl then you do what

 

"I like having a certain
amount of freedom."

 

you want to do. And I figured ottt how
to work with ltitn — he gives you litte
readings and then you go and do it the
way you want to. And if it's as good as or
better than what he expected. he'll let
ytm do it your own way."

In other words. (Iherilyn Sarkasiau
found ottt how to get her wish. Meryl
Streep has publicly landed (Zher as “an

instinctive actress" possessing “rare hon-
esty." For the time being. (Iher says. she
will wait for the reaction to Musk before
sketching her next career move. as she
did after Silktuuml.

At one point during the making of
Mark. (Iher paid Sam I'leiott — her on»
screen boyfriend -— a compliment about
being rather excellent for an actor who
isn't too famous. "I had never heard of
him." (‘.her says. laughing. “But he was
fabulous and I said to him. ‘Sam. ltow
cotne people haven‘t had the chance to
see ltow fabulous you are?‘ And he said
to me. ‘How come it took you so long?”

Now that (Iher is making her mark as
a serious actrt. filmmakers are starting
to wonder why it took them so long to
sense her potential. At least. now that
the actress drcatn has become a reality.
she ha irrived with her autograph al—
ready perfected. l

l'llt-. Movtt MaoAlth:

 

