 

10 Aspects on Tuesday

133611.18

 

 

[ho is 300 years old and sounding ’
lbetter every day? Johann Sebastian

Bach, of course, and the music
department is throwing a birthday party
for him. The gala event is the Music
Marathon, an all-day concert featuring J.S.
Bach repertoire performed by the students
and faculty of the music department. The
event will take place in the Agnes E. Fut-
terer Lounge of the Performing Arts
Center on Thursday from noon to 5:00 pm
and in the Recital Hall at 8:00 pm.

Ellen Young

The department will also sponsor an
Open House in the Futterer Lounge durim
the day of the Marathon. To aquaint
students with the opportunities of the

 

 

The Blasters take a Hard

ou might remember these guys {mm
lone of the rockin'-est Falltests ever,
llast October. On their fourth release,

Hard Line, they've made some changes,
but the Blasters are as strong as ever. The

core of the band (Dave Alvin - guitars: Phil .

Alvin - vocals, guitars; lolm Bazz - Bass; Bill
Bateman - drums,- Cene Taylor - piano) is
still intact, but for the first time the Blasters

have gone hornless. Steve Berlin left the '

navy to become the saxophonist-producer-
manager of Los Lobos, and "Walkin'" Lee
Allen is doing his own thing, but will pro-
bably return to the band eventually. Addi-
tional help on the album is provided by
Elvis Presley's old band, the Jorclaneures,
doing backing vocals on a few numbers,
and the Jubilee Train Singers, who serve
the same function as on the traditional
Black Gospel song, “Samson and Delilah"
Stan Lynch, of Tom Petty and the Heart
breakers, performs permission on a few
numbers, and Los Lobos' David Hidalgt;
plays mandolin on one.

Joe Romano

 

The Blasters have maintained their
guitar-oriented sound on the latest effort,
and have once again shot their musical ar-
row right through the heart of America. As
a matter of fact, Mr. “American working-
l'ldSS Rock-n-Roll” himself, John Cougar
Mellencamp produced and wrote "Color'et
Lights". a song that shows his influence
very clearly. While doing an interview in
October at WCBD, Dave Alvin said he
much enjoyed working with Cougar as a
producer, and preditts that he will become
"somethin' else" in that or cupation. Johnny
Doe of X also co~wrote a pair of tunes, Doe
and Alvin are no strangers. The two of
them, along with Exerw (‘eiwnka ot X, are
featured in a folk band tallt'tl Ilze Kliltt't‘h.

On each of the lilastt-rs' albums they try
to develop a unique sound that typifies the
lp, ()n Haul Lim- they have moved still

  
  

 

 

 

 

         
  
 

  
   
   
 

r

 

   

‘ M  '7  ~> .

as "its/.7 ./ 
“3% _\ 

 

 

 

department, tables will be set up with in-
formation on the various aspects of the
department. During the concert, students
will be able to browse at the tables; pick up
information sheets describing curriculum,
perfroming groups, etc.; and ask questions
of the music students and faculty at each
table.

The idea of the Music Marathon/ Open
House is not new to the department. in
fact, this will be the third consecutive
semester that a Marathon has been
presented, and the fourth within the past
five years. The original idea was created by
music faculty member and pianist Findlay
Cockrell, and the first Marathon was stag-
ed in the spring semester of [981. Now,
the music department treats the Marathon

as an established event, “it's a regular thing .

futher from the restrictive rockabilly label
that was slapped on them after their debut
disc, and closer to Memphis. Ye. Memphis,
the country capital of the world. Dave
Alvin, the primary songwriter in the band.
realized something that he wishes a lot of
other American music fans would. . .that
being the fact that we have to look no fur-
ther. than our own backyard to find the

 

 

  "Cla'ssics:].5.'Bach ’n’the'BlaEteis ‘ ~  

Back...at the PAC

now— a routine part of the semester," says
Cockrell, ‘who will act as master of
ceremonies for the day and perform in a
free evening concert at 8:00 pm in the
Recital Hall. This concert will feature, ac-
cording to Cockrell, “all the Bach I know."

Music Marathons of the past have
featured a tremendous variety of musical
combinations— Bach and Brahms,
Beethoven and Bartok, on anything from
string quartet to tuba duo. Marathon
listeners have been blown away by the
arass of the Jazz Ensemble and uplifted by
the spiritual sonorities of the Chamber
Singers. Audiences have learned about
synthesizers at Electronic Music
demonstrations and laughed at the satirical
songs of the professional comedy act of
Nilssohn and Savoy.

Past performances have ranged from
variations on a theme of “Twinkle,
Twinkle, Little Star," by W.A. Mozart to
the Percussion Ensemble’s rendition of
Scott Joplin's The Entertainer. Students
have heard the upbeat flute tunes of their
jazz teacher lrvin Gilman, the trumpet fan-
fare of their music theory instructor James
Morris, and the pastoral oboe sounds of
their symphonic music teacher Randall
Ellis.

This semester’s Marathon will be a
special celebration of the tricentennial bir-
thday of LS. Bach. in his honor, the concert
program will feature mostly Bach reper-
toire. Marathon performers couldn't be
more fortunate in this opportunity to play
in an all-Bach concert. They have over
1,000 works to choose from in this prolific
composer’s repertoire.

Perhaps Bach's ability to produce such
an abundance of music can be exceeded
only by the individual beauty that he
creates within each piece. Every one of
Bach's compositions displays his natural

best music in the world.

The U. S. is the home of country and
western, folk, blues, rockabilly, and
‘blues, and AIVin has incor-
" pf, these..influences into .the

\ j, Blasters._,ln- the WCDB inter-
view', he‘r‘n de it quite clear'tthat he resents'
the music industry for‘alWay's having their

 

 

   

. eyes towarjd:England,ywhilé ignoring sbme

'March 19, I985

talent to create lyrical melodies within sim-
ple counterpoint, and beautiful harmonic
textures within a single line. For centuries,
Bach's music has served as an invaluable
teaching tool in the study of. music theory
and composition. More than any other
composer’s works, Bach’s compositions
have greeatly influenced the writings of
music through all time. Today, Bach is still
among the most celebrated and respected
of cornposers— his inule- can be heard all
over the world. 

The university community will have a
chance to become more familiar with‘the
marvelous melodies of Bach at Thursday’s
Music Marathon. - Radar O’Reilly of
MASH probably summed it up the best
when he slowly sat back and sighed, “Ahh,
Bach." El

 

  

    

 

4 July/III

 

 

 

 

 

 

fine American groups. “What's the dif-
ference between U-Z and X?" he said, refer-
ring to the fact that U-Z was immediately
signed to a major label, while X had to
struggle for years to do the same.

This is the first time that the group has
worked with a producer,:Jeff Eyrich, and
this has also changed their sound
somewhat. it has given the music a more
controlled, clean sound. You might call it a
more palatable sound for the conservative
ear. There is a nice array of tunes ranging
from Roots Rockers, to country ballad, to a
gospel number, to a couple of barn
burners. The overall sound of Hard Line is
country-blues rock, with the top cuts being
“Trauble Bound”, "Hey, Girl", "Colored
Lights", and "Little Honey" (the ballad).

The lyrical content hasn't changed much
on this lp, With David Alvin writing once
again about the trials and tribulations of
the common man. Phil Alvin seems to
maintain the same tone, rather off key.
which is a perfect compliment to his
brother's songs. The only noticeable dif-
ference is on the two sengs co-written by
John Doe. They seem toJ be more reflective
of X's style of singing the blues about guy-
gal relationships than of the Blasters’ style.
For example, "Little Honey" -- "Little
_Honey, are you going out tonight'tl Litle
Honey, l'm 'not looking for a fight/ Little
Honey, I promise i won’t get mad/ If you
tell me about the boyfriend that you have"
-- or “Just Another Sunday" -- “l've found a
home in Room 16/ for three long weeks
this is Where We been/ i could try to call
you on the phone/ i got the coins but I can’t
put them in/ Just to hear you hang up once
again."

On Hard Line, the- Blasters have pro-
l grossed and matured still further, and have

Esttengthened their position as one of the 
strongest bands in rock-n-roll today, Catch j -.

them on lHi-‘M, or pick up the album at

SUNYtunes. L] r"?

.  . . t I.
v- m n: U~.v.~h-auv>n.\ L-unsv'duyiurull ,wm-nu-aww

  

 

 

 

 

March 19,- 1985 '

 

  

Wings
Of Fire

or those seemingly interminable fif-
F teen minutes the only sensation i

could recognize was pain, intense
pain. it was like a nightmare, 'as if some
jester had replaced my beer with a glass of
napalm. With my face submerged in a sink
fullof cold water, i began to wonder what
my face would look like without lips in the
event that they should fall off. The unstop-
pable burning in my couth raged on, caus-
ing sweat to break out on my brow and
numerous Screajns of abony to ensue from
the inferno that used to be my mouth.

Ezra Maurer

 

 

What worries me about the aforemem

tioned experience is the fact that many col-
lege students enjoy this kind of,pain. lt's

pure and simple masochism; they go out, ‘

pay good money for- these seemingly
harmless chicken wings, ingest them, and
relish in the agony.

For thosé‘unfamiliar with this type of

cuisine, simply placing a red-hot coal in .
one's mouth willadequately simulatethe~
sheer bliss of a good wing. The newcomer'

to the fiery-hot'"three alarm" chicken
wings as they are called, can be spotted

. ' easily. He is the one with the dense layer
of perspiration .on his visible epidermis; his .
,lips, in a large pucker, are stuck deep in a

pitcher of beer in‘a futile attempt to wash
away the Holocaust in his oral cavity. lt oc~
cuts to him that this affliction was a direct
result of the removal of some bills from his
pocket, and not wantingtovwaste money,
he precedes to finish them as rapidity as
possible, no matter how intolerable they
are. He knows that among wing eaters a
high threshold for pain is very prestigious,
so he orders another plate while faking a
satisfied ,smile. Yet," behind his fpearly
whites, the blistering heat burns on. Alas,
we see the transformation of a human be-
ing into a wing eater. _ - -

The seasoned c'hicken wing veteran is by

farthemost urihinged; He knowingly con-
sumes these birds of fire,~genuinely enjoy-
ing the searing heat and destructive burn-

‘ing. As more lip and cheek cells and'ta'ste ,

buds are annihilated, the true maSOChist
can enjoy eating more potent versions. of

the infernal sauce. Hardening of the inter? '
nal sections of bodily orifices is not a very;

common ailment, but not surprisingly a
close examination of a wing eater's mouth
would reveal millions 'of microsmpic
callou5es. Frenzied wing eaters should be
advised of this risk of having children born
with asbestos lined cheeks.

Scientific rumor has it that the spon-
taneous combustion of taste buds produces
a chemical that stimulates apathy centers in
the brain; thus, we haile an explanation for
the numerous "wing breaks" that are fre-
quently the cause of dropping grade
averages. it can be predicted that hotlines
for addicts will be set up as this masochist
phenomenon reaches epidemic propor-
tions. With the increasing popularity of
Buffalo chicken wings, we can see a
monumental evolutionary mutation within
the next two generations: the regression of
taste buds from receptors of oral delight to
vestigial organs. Cl

 

Hot Stuff: Food and Music

Aspects on Tuesday 11

 

Diamonds; Tears,zs—and ,Mimcles

The'DrongoI Smallﬁer-aclel

A group that hails from New Zealand is
back again with a wonderful live album
that was recorded on New York City
‘Streetcorner on September 5, 1984. The
Drongos have made Albany their second
home by performing here quite a bit. Small
M'racles has 50's inﬂuences like Chuck
Berry (since ‘they cover "Monkey
Business")_and early rhythm and blues as
the track, "Get Rhythm" shows. Their
sound is upbeat with a poppy edge mixed
with excellent .female vocals by Jean
McAllister. Richard Kennedy and Stanley
John Mitchell write'the songs as well as

 

handle the basic sound of simple guitar riffs
and sound drumming. Joe Jackson would
approve of their style, since the standout
cut from the LP is similar to his Look Sharp
days as can be heard in “Standing on the
Corner". This band is for lovers of 10,000
Maniacs or Albany's own Fear of
Strangers. Could this be what they need to
break through the local scene? This ques-
tion may never be answered— only the
listener can testify for the Drongos future
in the rock and roll world.

—Kevin Byrne

0
5—}

The Drongos

 

 

 

 

song out of the eighton this album can

' easily become shite” ’

 

 

 

v  '. Tears for Fears

it’s been a long wait ‘since their 1983
debut album, and it was well worth it.
Teareror Fears showtheir true colors, in
this full-length work. Their style changes a
bit from what we have heard before, but
this'just brings out their diversity. Tears
For Fears uses less synthesizers and more
guitar in a very clean and polished manner.
For all of the fans that Tears For Fears made

from The Hurting, this album offers even I .

more, and should give them an even
stronger following.

Songs From The Big Chair offers some
of the best instrumental performances that
l have heard in a long time. Standing out is
Roland Orzabal's grand piano playing. An
instrument that is not used very often in
rock, especially in a progressive Synth
band, is mastered beautifully here. This,
along with the vocals of Curt Smith, who

 

Songs From the 813 Chair

has perhaps one of the best voices in music

‘ today, make this a very pleasing, and

diverse album. Their diversity is reminis-
cent of The Style Council, going from rock
(“Broken”), to pop ("Head Over Heels"), to
transitional rock-jazz ("The ,Working
Hour"), to a dance track ("Mother's Talk"),
to a mellow, operatic, "sidewak cafe" type
song ("Listen"). Add the clarity and
crispness of the simplemindish vocals, and
you get a very solid winner. Any song out
of the eight on this album can easily
become a hit. Along with the already pro-
ven "Mother's Talk". "Shout" (which went
to number one in the UK). and newly
released "Everybody Wants to Rule the
World”, Tears For Fears has put together a
very satisfying album, a definite breath of
fresh air in today's music world.

——-Andrew Sktbins

 

 

Sade Ado

Sade Diamond Life

Sophistication in pop music is rare. Not
just in music or lyrics, or even arrangement
but the unity of all of these qualitiesand
something more that only the rarest of
talents possess. Sade, the band, and Sade
the woman possess sophistication. From
the romantic saxophone opening of
"Smooth Operator" to the closing cover
version of “Why Can't We Live Together",
Sade's debut album, "Diamond Life", ex-
udes sophistication.

Sade (pronounced Shar-day) the band, is
a pop-soul quartet from England.
However. all of the media attention has
been on the band's lead singer, Sade Adu,
and justifiably so. In Sade, they have found
a new star in the true sense. With elegant
natural beauty and a rich voice that words
can nevervdo justice to, Sade is a welcome
addition to the music scene. She co-writes
all of the band's material with saxophonist-
guitarist Stuart Matthewman. She's already
a well known performer in England and on
her way to becoming well known in the
United States. She cites Ray Charles as her
favorite singer, and is also a big fan of Bilie
Holiday. Her singing style is hers alone and
does not seem to be influenced by anyone
or anything except soul.

"Our music is not outrageously inven-
tive or original, but it's fresh for the times
and it's outside the rut that dance music
seems to have gotten itself into,‘ says Sade.
And fresh it is. No synthesizers, no drum
machines, the quartet of Sadee, Mat-
thewman, Andrew Hale (keyboards), and
bassist Paul Denman are joined in the
studio and on stage by percussionists and a
brass section. Their music evokes a feeling
of serenity, a reminder of tropical nights
walking along the beach.

The first side of the album has already
yielded the band's first two singles in the
United States, "Hang On To Your Love“,
and “Smooth Operator". Musically. the
rest of side one is in the same vein. The
songs are very listenable and after hearing
them once, you'll be singing along next

time you hear them. Besides the two

singles, other standouts on this side include
"Your Love is King", which was number
six in Britain, and the-haunting "Frankie's
First Affair". (NOT about Frankie Goes to
Hollywood The second side is a little
darker than the first, more thought provok-
ing. "Sally" is definitely one of the high
spots on the album, and a personal favorite
of Ms. Adu's. And when the Anglo-

Nigerian Sade sings "Why Can't We Live

Together", she brings new meaning to the
Timmy Thomas classic. it’s unfair, i should
mention, for me to single out certain songs
as being “the best" on an album where
quality, sophistication and great music run
rampant.

Real sophistication is not created, it's not
packaged. lth rare, inbred. When a band
comes along that contains such a quality,
one should take notice. With a dynamic

, debut album, "Diamond Life‘, one must

look forward Sade and what they will do
next.

—Adam Levine

 

