 

    

The final.
solution

The campus battle lines were set Wednesday
night. inside LC 7 stood hatred. Outside
stood violence and anger. (And somewhere,
far from the scene stood SA President Rich
Schaffer. who, on the advice of the FBI, re-
mained in hiding that night, after h'e'd receiv-
ed death threats during'the past few days.)

Our campus took on a frightening dimen-
sion that night; one most of us have never seen
before. Tension was so thick that campus of-
ficials worried that it could only end in a
bloody confrontation.

Why? Mostly because ASUBA and Minister
Louis Farrakhan wanted to exercise their free
speech rights to advocate hatred while the
Jewish Defense Organization (JDO) working
with the Revisionist Zionist Alternative (RZA)
wanted to exercise their free speech rights to
advocate violence.

So inside LC 7 stood Louis Farrakhan. a
man who's said he doesn‘t mind being
equated with Hitler, spouting his hateful
rhetoric and charging that Jews and Christians
practice lying. thievery. deceit. and murder. in
the name of religion. in the past he’s called
Judaism “a dirty religion." and he’s threaten-
ed the life of a journalist who reported an
anti-semitic remark Jesse Jackson once made.

All in all. Farrakhan’s lecture was tamer
than the outspoken insulting rhetoric he's
known for. But. his inexcusany racist.
hateful. ideology was still there. only better
disguised. ’

Outside the LC stood the JDO and RZA
menacineg shouting. “Death to Far-
rakhani". and banging on the glass windows
in the LC area. They circulated intimidating
ilyers declaring war on Farrakhan. saying that
he and his followers will be “wiped out"
within 90 days. The ﬂyer went on to warn.
“Those who brought Farrakhan here will be
treated as enemies...(and) punished
accordingly."

Admittedly. for blacks, there's something
inspirational about Farrakhan's rhetoric and
for Jews. there's something very reassuring
about a defense organization that's ready to
do whatever it takes to protect their people.

Sure. most of us know hatred and violence
are morally wrong. but somehow Farrakhan’s
hatred seems almost rational in light of the
oppression blacks face daily in this country
and the JDO/RZA violence seems almost
justifiable: Farrakhan's anti-semitism. and all
the support he seems to have built for his
racist ideologies are frightening and threaten-
ing to Jews.

But ultimately. hatred or violence toward
the Jewish population or toward Farrakhan
and his followers is more than just morally
wrong. it‘s a dangerously simple solution to a .
serious and complex situation. if Louis Far-
rakhan turllcd tip dead tomorrow. it would
not be the end of his ideology: to wjpe'that
out. we've got to wipe out the oppression in
this coutry that creates hatred and anger. As
long as we have oppression we'll have fanatics
like Farrakhan.

The solutions Farrakhan offers are decep-
tively simplistic as well. History has proven
time and again that preaching ltatrcd toward
Jews (or any one group) provides a convenient
scapegoat. hilt it isn't the “final solution" to
anything.

While violcnc' and hatred offer immediate
satisfaction. the longterut changes Farrakhan
seeks would best be achieved if he stopped
emulating Adolph Hitler and adopted the
values of Martin Luther King. instead.

 

 

 

 

 

  

Wear amaze
9/ Lutlcuo l was 'ti-r.“ :-

  

“uona dealt Airmen nutritional ill Minuttlklzltriort..,!"

 

Women in a bottle?

In response to last month‘s issue of Campus Newsweek
regarding the Edge Shaving Gel advertisement. i should
say one of the artists pelt went awry. i make this convic-
tion for among the foamy folds ofshaving cream are four
naked female bodies. seemingly floating in erotic ecstacy.
Unfortunately. the artist did not think this a sufﬁcient
enough display of the arbitrary availability of the female
form because below the man‘s ear-to-ear-guess-what-l~
want grin is a suspicious looking mountain. incognito is
yet another naked woman. posed with legs spread ready
for sexual encounter. between her legs is conveniently
drawn a fiery setting sun.

 

[ Mary—Jill Swanson 

 

Understandably. since the product advertised is for
ionic purchase one must attempt to capture a man's atten-
tion. however. such an appeal is a severe exploiting of the

female form as well as a personal afront. What exactly is .

being sold here. a shaving gel or women's bodies? Does
this imply that if a man buys Edge. he is also entitled to
the use of women's bodies? in this advertisement women
are depicted within the same commercial realm as the in-
itial product. to be used only as a commodity. evoking
pleasure from the user. Commodities arc disposable. tem<
porary objects in the world of people. which obviously
warrant no respect.

Unfortunately. this particular advertisement is not an
isolated case. Using women's bodies as if in prostitution
is a typical mode of advertisement. A wide scope of vision
reveals a myriad of products which offer women in addi-
tion to that which is being sold. i think we need to ex-
amine what is seemingly an innocuous form of advertise-
ment and what in reality such methods stand for.

I believe there to be a crisp causal relationship between
this country‘s attitude toward women and the way in
which we are depicted throughout the media. The cause
of displaying women's bodies in an attempt to sell
material goods of any kind. within a sexual content. is
due to the thick vein of sexism pulsing through this coun-
try‘s vitals. Women are continually objectified as sexual
beings. severed from our intellects. Perhaps this would
not be a great cottscqucttCe if the sexualin defined within
advertisements was our own. because we may comfort
ourselves with the knowledge that at least we ltavc otlr
bodies. However. such is not the case for not only are we
divorced front our psyche btlt we are shown as not own-
ing the sexuality portrayed. Women are seen as products
possessing not even their own bodies. The effect this has
on consumers is chilling. I believe it to foster a nlelltality
that women are obligated without question and without
recourse to pleasure at the whim of the lucky buyer.
Women beconte tllc product whose only destiny is one of
consumption. This is truly a dangerous mixture because
our societal structure rests upon a competitive. dog-eal~
dog technique of personal satisfaction. Man's determina-
tioll to wring what he wants out of life and the purported
availability of women's bodies are uttfortunately not im-
miscible dynamics. What if a man does read this Ittcssagc
of “free women“ loud and clear? Obviously. women are
not free to any man with an appetite. Certainly. America
encourages. perpetuates. and maintains this hunger.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Perhaps a brief scctlcrio would furtller elucidate what
may and indeed what in actuality occurs. Men receive the
message that women are free. reality professes an entirely
different script. He wanders in search of this free woman.
only to find her unwilling and even combative. liut he
swears because of his relentless conditioning that he is ill
the rigitt theater. yet the actress is ltol obliging. What
does he do. rape her?

In short. naked women are irrelevant to shaving; thus
such a depiction should not be utilized in an advertise-
tncnt concernutg a shaving product. Just as racist speech

I is a racial discrimination. this genre of advertising is sex

diserimimttion. even if it is only a whisper amortg‘titc bub-

bles of shaving cream splendor; ;. .

 

 

 

  

. LT’EﬁSi

A ‘hate’ letter 

To the Editor: ' v .

Just a short note to say how great I think it is to have
people like Rabbi Kahane and Louis Farrakahn speaking
at SUNYA. .

 

No rcally.'l think its terriﬁc to bringlspeakers to our

campus whose sole claim to notoriety is religious and/or
racial intolerance. All this hate really gets the blood flow-
ing; a great diversion. especially with finals coming‘up.

This is a free country. Freedom of 'speech was impor-
tant enough torate in the ﬁrst ten amendments. While
nothing was mentioned about having to listen to every
idea that camealo‘ng. without regard for its actual quali-
ty. i‘m sure this was just an‘oversight on the founding
fathers part. , ‘

i think we should increase the number of speakers who
advocate hate next year. l’m sure someone from the Ku
Klux Klan or one of those neo-Nazi parties would stop by
if we asked trite. Whoknows. with any luck. we might
have a riot or something. Violence always did go well with
hatred. " . t

.’ —Howard Eissenstut

STAFF infection

Have we seen the last of Students Against Forced Fun-
ding (STAFF)? Despite last week's overwhelming support

for NYPlRG's continued existence at SUNYA. we should '
not forget about STAFF and their ultra~conservative .

bias. STAFF was only one in a series of attacks against
campus NYPlRGs across the state; and each time
NYPiRG was soundly supported by student voters. The
campaign against PlRGs (Public interest Research
Groups) is. being led. albeit a covert leadership. by the
Washington D.C.-based United Students of America
FoundationlUSAF). which is in part funded by another
ultra-conservative organization. USAF‘s program direc-
tor. David Rothbard. was involved in STAFF '5 campaign

 

 

i" cﬂspectts

Ell-bitched In 1010
Heidi Jo 2min. Edilor In Chm
Dun Chang. Joh Keenan. Managing Eel/ion

  
  
 

 

News Editors Alicia ctmbou. Jar-rte: O‘Sulllvm
' ‘ Minn-tin an..."
um- ldiloru am chlndu. Rina Young

 

45m Loren Gin-berg

I‘m].- IAII. I n “pulling

"unto uiton ............ .. Dani-l Built. Michuiil ttrott
m... M-m Burnt-n

 

Ian... r“ '
nI-nh Fuuo

 

Editorial ' "‘- I I
Jury Ounptono. David L.L. Luiun. Scnlor Edltor:

Contributing Editor. Wayne Pneumom. Editorial Antlllnil: Kan Dams
baum. Bolt. Dumbo. Eric Hindin. Robyn stein. ilonc Woimltrln. David Wur-
thltm amt onion: outrun Mir-rumor. Donn: Altman. ttmn Bock. Nichol
Buniow. Lullc chnlt. Johanna Clancy. Dornrt Cllrlt. inn Clnmnntl. Mitt. Der.
manlky. MiirI Eek. Bath Finnornn. Mutt Gavan. Rani Ginlbnrg. Bob Minion.
Lin Juliet. Stacey item. Mandi Kun. John lelll. Carey Lavltnn. Donna
MwKonllo. Jail Mullah-r. J. Miahul Maine. Put Poul. Karen Schlomy. Pun
Schumann-n. Rich Sheridan. Jun-a Thom-I. MO. Thomu. Doug Tultlo.
Spletrurn Editor: Brnndn Schullnr sun Milt: Gary Palmer .

chri- llnotli. Business Manager
Lynn Motrin. Associate Business Manager
Mour- Kullult. Advortlltna Manager
Mitt. ttr‘imor. Salas Mun-per
.. L .. .c
n-v Peron
Kmm Davin
Advent-Ina salon: Karon Amulor. Dan Finisher. Marc Hoborman. Rich Litt.
Judy Torei. Admllulng Production: Ltu Blehiar. Darrin Cuirono. Tern-
Glacalone. Ellnn Kolbuuit. Allen McDonnell. Jlaltl Midiarsky. Amy Plpcrny.
Mike Schillra. Oitloo Btu": Kathy Chinhealor. Linda Delgado. Marlorln Ronn-
thnl. Stephanie Schannul

allllnn
ngmll nun-nim-

Adlm a. ﬁnale. Patricia Ginnnoil. Product/an Managers
Chill Coleman. Associate Producllon Manager
Chtoi Typnultor ........................................................... ..Lnncoy Hoyrnln
Typinin: Debora Adolrnlnrt. Jeannine Dianuuu. Sarah Eveiand. Carrie Subs.
Patti Straubnr. Pluto-up: E. Phillip Hoover. Judy Lawrence. Maura Mcsnano.
Ellun Ronvia. D. Darrel Slat. M.D.Thompson. Chauffeur-z Warren Hurwilz.
Richard Sheridan

 

Pltoioquprty principally nupptlad by Unlvmlly Photo stolen. I utudlnt
nraup. ‘

Chlal Photographer: Erica Spiuqut UPS Stall: Snail Alborl. Amy Cohan. Maria
Cullrnan. John Curry. Lynn Droiius. Clrtny Gaiwuy. Adllm Ginsburg. Robert
Hansmarm. David IBOIC. Kenny Kliucn. Robert Luckoy. Ezra Mnuror. Murlt
Mmhavilln. Chm Oralni. Llu SImmo-u. Rohort Saucy. Duvtd Strick. Howard
Tyoar

Entire oortittttll copyright tree Albany student Frau Corporation. all right-
ronnrod.
the Albany Sludartt Frau is published Tuesdays and FtldleI botwutln
Annual and June by tho Albany Student Press Corporation. an tndupandnnt
nolrtor-proiit corporation
Editorial: are written by the Editor in Chi-t with menu-or: at in! Edilurlot
Hoard. policy in subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advortlntno "0|le
luau not necuounrliy rettoci Idiiorlli Dolley.
Malling uddruu:
Albany Student Pro". CC (129
1400 Wnlttnaton Ava
Albany. 1 2
(are) tar-catamarans»

. _ «Houseman-prise .

 

 

 .,,...._-»......,. .w-wo..,,,, may,» yum,“ .. . .. ,, ,,   V. .. . ,._ .U  .. .

 
     

here. impersonating a SUNYA student. STAFF's chair.
Craig Rucker. claims Rothbard came to SUNYA in a
“strictly advisory role." however. Rothbard campaigned

_ acvtlvely for STAFF in the Campus Center. Rothbard

claims that USAF was not involved in STAFF and that no
USAF personnel were present at SUNYA. His very
presence reveals this to be a boldfaced lie. Even STAFF's
name was a deception: Students Against FORCED Fun-
ding. NYPIRG is the only SA group on campus whose
funding is put up for a vote "every two years. in short.
STAFF and their campaign were based on deception.

Part of STAFF's funding came from College
Republicans (CR). an SA Recognized group. Rather than
representing the Republican Part . it would seem that CR
is more akin to a conservative Po ltieal Action Committee
(PAC). CR is the only SA group'on campus to spend
money against another. is this 'in the best interest of
SUNYA students? it is my contention that CR is no
longer a valid part of the SUNYA community. serving to
a greater part as a conservative PAC.

NYPiRG's campaign was notable. Unlike their detrac-
tors. they did not resort 'to sleazy tactics to achieve their
own ends. We might not be so lucky next time. The “New
Right" will no doubt retreat. reorganize and be back
again next semester. As Craig Rucker said in Friday‘s
ASP (4-19-85). “we'll be back in two years." when
NYPlRG's funding is again on the ballot.

Rucker speaks of “obtaining your rights." it is my
belief that the rights he speaks of are the rights of the
privileged few to distort the truth to further their own
ideology. the right to put special interests over those of
the entire SUNYA community. the right to restrict human
freedom. The time has come for those of us who still love
and respect our freedom to stand up and be noticed. to
fight ﬁre with fire ifwe must. Human freedom is the very
basis of the university experience — the freedom to
choose classes. freedom of speech. freedom to podiate —
in short. the freedom of choice. ’

Freedom of choice is the basic principle underlying a
newly formed studentgroup. Students Against Political
Hypocracy (STAPH). The reason for the similarity to
STAFF's name is to remind us all that the forces bahind
STAFF have not disappeared. they are merely in hiding.-
And like a STAPH infection. if it is not dealt with it can
destroy the body. ‘

The purpose of STAPH is to provide a base for student
activism whenever basic freedoms are attacked on cam-
pus. Currently. our major_ project is to present an open
debate on the priority of CR3 status at SUNYA. to probe
the question of whether or not CR or certain members
thereof have violated the guidelines for SA Recognized
groups.

Look for further notices from STAPH in the near
future. But right now. enjoy the spring weather without
the annoyance of STAFF's propaganda.

Students Against Political Hypocrisy

Tolerance?

To the Editor:

On April 24. at 7 pm. i was amongst the several hun-
dred Jewish students demonstrating in a rally against
Louis Farrakahn. Never before on this campus have i
seen such a unity among fellow Jews. As i looked through
the crowd of demonstrators. it was quite touching to see
students showingsuch pride in their religion. We were
there together for a cause and when we shouted "Never
Again" and “Am Yisroel Chat" it really almost seemed
as if “We Were One."

Unfortunately an incident happened at the rally which i
feel the need to mention. At the rally. students were
holding signs reading. “Louis Farrakahn is an enemy to
lsracl." “Farrakahn -= Hitler: Never Again." and many
more of this type.l also happened to notice a male and a
female holding a sign. “Gay Jews Against Fnrrakahn."

Although one might say that this rally was not the place
for such a sign. the man and woman holding it obviously
felt it was. They were proud to be Jewish. as their sign

'depicted. and equally proud to be gay. Mr. Farrakahn

calls Judaism the “Gutter Religion." and has described
lsrael as a “Criminal Conspiracy." Jews of all types
gutltcrcd. the religious and the non-religious. the studiers
arid the particrs. the heterosexuals and the homosexuals.

We joined together because we shared a common cause. '

the survival of Our religion.

For the Jewish/Cray protestors. they suffered a double
jeopardy in WWII. with millions of homosexuals falling
victim to l~litler‘s SS. too. At the rally. they suffered
again. Their signs were torn up. and several people
shouted. "if you’re gay. you're not part of our religion.
get out."

Jews who gathered outside this lecture center protested
against Jewish oppression. something that we have been
victims of for decades. it was disgusting to see this anti-
guy behaviortake place.

Unfortunately. homophobia is a part of our society.'lt‘
seemed so hypocritical for those few members of the
crowd who displayed this tutti-gay behavior. Here we
were as Jews. fighting against our own oppression. and

. amiss-:sns-sisimwewzw em » -, . 

—Jon Drucker I

. g 1: .-;.-.r;r:.~ '- 1 ~ “3.: V. 2A4.“ g—uttt u ‘w

what were they doing. going ahead and destroying a
homosexuals right to be gay. is this not oppression. too?
--Name Withheld By Request

A. GOP welcome

To the Editor:

Last week the Young Democrats (YD) of SUNYA im-
peached Andy Gelbman from the chairmanship due to
the following claims:

l. He held no meetings.

2. He did not care about the Young Democrats.

3. He used the Young Democrats name in supporting
STAFF.

if claims number one and two are true. then by all
rights the impeachment was proper. However. claim
number three is not true. He never said that the Young
Democrats supported STAFF in anyway. He personally
endorsed STAFF and helped'STAFF with some field
work. So. the conclusion must be drawn that claims
number one and number two were brought up because his
personal philosophy and claim number three was bent in
order to increase the support for his impeachment.

As chairman of the College Republicans on campus, i
stand on some issues that a lot of College Republicans
may disagree with. There is no way all members of a
political party can agree on all the issues all the time. Dur-
ing the Reagan campaign and STAFF/NYPIRO cam-
paign i met numerous Young Democrats and i found that
they have moved so far to the left that they no longer have
a constituency.

Andy Gelbman is a JFK Democrat and there apparent-
ly is no more room left for non-Marxists or non-Jesse
'Jackson types in the Young Democrats. The JFK
Democrats like Andy Gclbman are more than welcome to
join the College Republicans because of their honest
belief in the merits of the free market system and a strong

national defense.
—Chris G. Christopher. Jr.
C hairman, College Republicans

Debunking a myth

To the Editor:

Thanks both to Tamara Richman and John F. Klein
for their views on public perception of homosexuality
(‘letters‘ section. April 23). Hostility towards homosex-
uals. which tends to be male~generated. has been reinforc-
ed in recent years by the increased acceptance of lesbian
sex as subject matter for the popular pornography of the
last decade. in magazines and Videocassettes produced by
Playboy. Hustler. and Penthouse. the portrayal of sex
between women has become practically a staple feature.
How do most males justify a fascination with lesbian sex
while viewing lesbian lifestyles. and all aspects of male
homosexuality. as things quite separate.

We are often told in popular media that. because of
some miraculous Sexual Revolution. men are now much
freer to go beyond the restrictions of their traditional role
model. We are asked to believe that close male friend-
ships are now possible between heterosexual males
because expression of emotion and feelings is no longer
taboo.

i find that a doubtful premise. in a society where men
must continue to compete in order to lead and maintain a
male power structure. the association of emotion with
vulnerability. and thus with social and economic failure.
is not likely to die overnight. The increased acceptability
of lesbian sex in popular porn is a curious reinforcement
of most men’s tacit fear of being. or of being called.
homosexual.

The typical premise for lesbian sex in such material.
when accompanied by dialogue or narration. is that the
featured women are insatiable and. in the unfortunate
absence of a man. must get their penetration in some
other form. in effect. they must ‘settle' for the supposed-
ly distasteful but necessary act of homosexuality. it is
portrayed. i believe. as a survival skill with the assump-
tion that penetration is absolutely necessary to the stir-
vival of horny women. This not only perpetuates a
centuries-old sick notiott of what women ntust want in
life. it really harms the possibility that lnalcs could ever
experience close friendships in which emotion and
touching are ltot equated with homosexuality.

By introducing homosexuality in lesbian guise. today's
popular porn reinforces the idea that all its forms are tied
to femininity. vulnerability. and uncontrollable hor-
niness. As this kind of material becomes increasingly ac-
ceptable ill today‘s middle-class homes. especially with
the advent of that respectable ‘pol‘ttograph.' the VCR,
tile kind of pllblic perception described itt last week's let-
ters will becotne increasingly perverted alld hateful.

-Knrt Conltiln

 

We Need Letters

 

 

 

 

 

