 

 

 

 

 

Dane grapplers nipped 

number-one ranked Ithaca

By Cathy Errlg

EDITORIAL ASSIS TANT

“All good things must come to an end."

so the saying goes.

V For the Albany State wrestling team.
their ending came Saturday afternoon.
After having increased their win streak to
if] matches with a hard fought 27-19 vie-
tory streak over the Coast Guard Academy
in the first leg of a tri-meet. they were
defeated by the Ithaca Bombers. the
number one ranked Division lll wrestling
team in the nation. The margin of defeat

was crushing one point, the‘final score: ‘

22-23.

The tri-mect. originally scheduled as a
quadrangle including Central Connecticut.
who later declined due to inclement
weather conditions, began with lthaca
soundly defeating Coast Guard. 35-4.

The next rotation paired .Albany with
Coast Guard. the match starting off as ex-
pected. with Albany's Shawn Sheldon and
Dave Averill defeating their opponents
l8-6 and 6-3 respectively. Other Dane
highlights included .lohn Balog's pinning
.lohn Santoro, and Andy Seras' total
domination of-Frank Kingett, a match
Seras won by technical superiority.

    

The high point of the match came in the

heavyweight division. when Gene
f-‘aughnan‘s opponent turned out to be a
head taller and some 25 pounds heavier
than he. With Albany’s victory depending
on the success of Faughnan. he defeated
Dave Newton, 2-l.

“i feel great about the win," said
Faughnan. “That guy was a lot bigger
than me; I was scared he was going to
throw me around. He got tired at the end.
though."

Newton‘s match with lthaca's
heavyweight. Rich Kane, had resulted in a

[16.

“I’ll tell you. the last minute of that?
match was the longest minute_of my life,”
said Fattghnan just prior to the Albany-

lthaca match. “l sure hope the lthaca '

match doesn’t depend upon my winning."
Unknowiugly, Faughnan had predicted
the very position his team would be in go-
ing into his match. ~
For the Albany win had not been
without cost. Matt Ryan. third at the NY.
State Championships and Albany’s top
190 pound wrestler, injured his ankle dur-
ing his match and was unable to com-
pete against lthaca.
The Dane-Bomber contest began exactly
. 18>

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Danny Croutier goes up for lay-up In tho DiitosWIctory over Plattsburgh.

Two more for the Danes. ff

By Rich Sheridan
and Jerry Camplone

In a game that was not quite.” easy as it should have been. the Albany State Great
Danes held on tobeat the upset-minded Skidmore Thoroughbreds. 74-65 last night.

Despite a 22~point performance by guard Dan Croutier. the Danes. 15~3 coming into
the game, didn't actually put-it away until. with little more than one minute left in the

game. they opened up a nine-point lead.

Skidmore. who is 8-10 in their ﬁrst season in Division ill. was using this game as an -
“indication of how far this teamchas-come.” said Glen Begley, the Thoroughbred head

coach. .

A2, ._ _ . . _
“Skidmore should b'e' tough," said Croutier following Saturday‘s 74-51 Great Dane
victory over the Plattsburgh Cardinals. However. not even Croutier might-have imagined

the ﬁght they‘wouid put up.

Following a first half during which the Danes defense kept the Thoroughbreds off

       

    

LUCK“ U ‘

   

 

Lucxsv urs
John Satan and the Albany State team came up short against number-one ithaea. It

stride. Skidmore stormed back. During a five-minute stretch early in the second half . the
Thoroughbreds broke the strong Albany press. outseoring the Danes. 12-2. and cutting
the lead to a mere two points. 43-41. t7>‘

was the Danes‘ that loss ol the season.

 

 

 

Men swimmers lose, but Vardy make’s‘NCAAs‘,

By Donna Altman
STAFF WRITER

After a weary three-hour bus ride. the
Albany men's swimming team gave it their
best shot. but it still wasn‘t good enough.
The Dane swimmers Were beaten by Cor-
tland. 60-50.

"it's hard to travel for three hours and
swim at your best,” stated Andrew
Motola. “i did well. considering the
conditions."

“We didn't expect to win." added
Michael Wright. “and the long trip didn't
help,“

Although the Duties lost. Michael Vardy
made up for it by qualifying for the Na-
tionals. which will be held the first
weekend in March in Atlanta. (icorgia.
Vardy performer! with excellence in the
thrcr meter diving competition.

“ l he outstanding individual in this meet
was definitely Michael Vardy." said lleutl
(.‘oach Dave ‘l'urnagc.

The meet showed the team's com-
petitiveness. as the Danes were basically
experimenting for attempts to qualify for
the States.

One swimmer who did qualify for the

States was Jim Neiland. He came through
with an excellent time of il:45 in the
l000-yard freestyle.

Frank Carley. another aggressive swim-
mer. had a time of 5:28 in the 500-yard
freestyle. which put him in the running to
compete in the States. Michael Wright
swam the 200 yard freestyle in an im-
pressive time of 1157.3. which also
qualified him for the State competition.

Peter Farmer led the 400-yard freestyle
with a time of :52 which qualified him for
the States. Finally. a versatile Fred Green-
baum. normally a sprinter. swam in the
500-yard freestyle. and finished his race
with it fantastic time of 5:25.6. Fred will
also be off to the States after that victory.

llall's efforts also deserved credit. swim-
ming a fine race in the ZOO-yard
backstroke.

“My times are coming down. nothing
spectacular. but i was happy," corti-
tncnted liuli.

'l‘he meet on the whole was closer llltlll
the team expected it to be.

“We felt we had an outside chance if we
played around with our line-ups." said
Bail. -

The team's main concern now is qualify-
ing for the States. Of the 20 people on the
team. only is can go. .

“We want to find the best swimmers for
the relays," said Turnage. “it should be
quite a battle for the 400 yard freestyle.

"‘.The six people in the 500-yard freestyle
should also prove to have a tough fight."

Turnage continued. '
This coming Wednesday. the Danes will

' compete against Vermont at home for

what should prove to be another challeng-
ing meet.

“They are a Division 1 school and
hopefully we'll get some good races out of
it in order to qualify for the States.” said
Wright. [3‘

 

The Albany state men’s swimming turn was beaten by Cortland.

 

    

 

    

rom‘Coast to Coast — Part 2 of
our. 1984 music review checks 'out
the best American and European -
bands with noted DJs Big Jim Ut- ,
temark and Paul RoSenthal.

I W
As ASPECTS regroups for the post 1984 cm, we offer you our
‘ "special" Tuesday extravaganza. It’s real cold out. Vince O’Leary is
back._The Mets have the best middle-of-the-lineup in baseball.
And Reagan is readying his final budgetary blow on human sur-
vival to “bring America-back." (sic/sick). if You are looking for a
change of pace, try writing for us, ASPECTS, the creative arts and
features (and everything else) magazine, where reality takes a back
- seat, to ruthless expediency. It‘s a good time just .the'same- ~ 

 

 

 

 

   

   
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
  

i .i .

l trlt tin r

it '.\.i~ onli 'Irl'jllll’l.l\ 
*unltm: .iml " ‘

  
 

it‘ll l '.'\.|’- titl'tz‘.

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
 
     
  
  
  
   
  
 
   

. lot il l rlltl_
lildycfl in" t1 .

   
  

   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

 

Hlo'ttl Willi | ltf’
tiirtll'il yolu notth
lnllltul ‘yotn‘a‘tnilvs V . I
L'lultlu'd on to you for that
it our. lair-ii” lot -gr.tnlc«l.,
And now .ill I out do is
l _ lMourn, . V V‘
' Remember, .
For i -

 

 
 
  

   
  
 

liilLlle was someone who .it'fet'tctl cveryonr’.» lilc tlifft't'cnlly, t'thll in .1 beautiful and titti-
one way. There are few people who appreciate life before il'e. too late. Eddie was one of
them. He will be in my heart. in my soul, and in my memories forever.
A memorial service will be held for Edward Kelly on Tuesday. February 5, at 3:00 I'M
in the Cow W Center Ballroom. . ,

   
   

I . opportunity, to

them away for a weekend. and they come

 i  Directing Shakespeare 5

happen heretoday," promised John

Russell Brown. He had begun his
workshop in directing Shakespeare, and his
enthusiasm assured the ,audience that
"something marvelous" had just Started.

S omething marvelous is going, to

 

Loren Ginsberg
When SUNYA English Professor Tom

 

‘Littlefield attended a similar workshop at

SUNY Purchase last fall. he was impressed
by the “real development of the possibility
of a scholar's sense of the text.” He
organized Brown's visit to SUNY Albany's
Lab Theater on February 2 for an all day
workshop with four actors from the
Capital Reperatory Company.

John Russell Brown, born and educated

-»in England, is an associate and director of

Great Britain's National Theatre. Although
presently a professor of Theater Arts at
SUNY Stony Brook. 'he is still involved
with the National Theatre, and according
to Professor Littlefield. "He commutes."
He has published several books and articles
dealing with his approach to Shakespeare,
directing. and theater as a whole.
The workshop ran from 9:30 am to 3:30
pm with a one hour break for lunch. This
was a sizable investment of Weekend time.
but except for sortie students who were re-
quired to attend and one asleep in the front
row, the audience seemed to appreciate the
.share “something
marvelous" With John Russell BroWn. Tom

Littlefield began by introducing the pur- ‘

ticipating actors from Cupilal Repcralory
Company. Giving a brief description of the
recent theatrical involvement of Michael
Hume. Kathleen Masterson, and Kathy
Stiles, he hesitated upon introducing Philip
Soltanoff. Obviously having forgotten his
bio. Littlefield asked, "What have you
done, Philip?"

The actor replied. “Well. l'ma heck Of a
nice guy."
The workshop was broken into two ses-

" ' sions, thc‘first dealing with Act ll sc. ii of

Measure for Measure/anti the second with
Art lll sc. i. Brown described the play as a
“problem play," bttl not in the traditional

‘ sense, of the term. "The play starts by say«

ing that in’ Vienna there will be a law that
says fornication is punishable by death. To
me. this isth problem," explained Brown.
"Vienna's in a hell of a mess!"

He stressed the special quality of drama
that allows for experimentation without
damaging the end product. Using the

 analogy of oil painting. which becomes

messy. from trial and error, he said,

"‘There's something different about human

beings. You can try an approach andsend

 

 

. friend's reply. “Me loo. .

 

back. showered and shiny and clean."

As the actors worked through the lines
of the text. Brown frequently ,and
apologetically interrupted the actors to
make comments and suggestions, or to ask
for input from the audience. He excused
these interruptions by berating himself

. with, "i know I’m an absoulute‘pig. I'm

really a s'wine. but..."

His goal was not to achieve a finished
end product, but to get the scene "increas-
ingly alive" by capturing the essence of the
text and conveying its depth to the au-
dience. Some humorous discoveries
resulted from this approach. In Act M Sc. ii
lsabella pleads with Angelo to pardon her
brother, who is sentenced to death for im-
pregnating his lover. She argues. "Who is it
that hath died for this offense? There's
many hath committed it."

Lucio, played by Philip Soltanoff. sup-

ported her argument with such an en-

thusiastic. "Aye!" that the audience broke
into laughter. Even the girl sleeping in the
front row managed to lift an eyelid. \
As the scene progressed, Brown com-
mmented, "The‘deeper they get into the
philosophical argument. the sexier they
should bricome. i won't tell them how to
do it; this is a matter about which we all
have our own little devices.” Professor
Brown encouraged the laughter.
Shakespeare is always laughing," he in-
sisted. "We get his laughter through the
fun of rehearsal, and hopefully, through

- the fun of performance." Brown himself.

smiling with his entire body, laughed
through the scenes as if hearing them for
the first time. I

Brown described his approach to the
scene as4"a marvelous game of tennis.
You've got to trust the moment and take
the risks that you do in .1 game. You don't
Sit back and wait for the meaning to come.
You can't think of your stroke. You've just
got to remember that you have that
fabulous backstroke, and you've go to use
it. ll's got to be fun."

Towards the cncl of the workshop,
Brown spoke about directing as a profes-
sion. "it's a wonderful game." he smiled.
"There's no better job in the world." Cer-
tainly, for John Russell Brown, there could
be no better iob,

As enjoyable and enlightening as the
workshop was, fivc hours seemed a little
too long to sit without getting restless. A
tcw people drifted out during the second
session, and many. especially students,
were visibly anxious to leave. Comlnenls
from the audience ranged from "I was cop-
tivaled." to a student's "i think We been
more excited before in my life," and his
. once."

   

   
 
   

  

 
  
    
    

 

