 

 

2 ALBANYSTUDENT’PRESS CI TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22,- 1985

NEWS BRIEFS

 

The World 
Ortega speaks at UN

United Nations
(AP) Nicaragua’s President Daniel Ortega
Monday accused the United States of
“state terrorism" and said the state of
emergency in his country will be suspended
once the United States stops its “policy of
aggression.”

“Nicaragua shall never kneel before the
policy of state terrorism being practiced by
US. rulers." the 39-year-old leader said
during a speech before the U.N. General
Assembly.

He said President Reagan should an-
nounce that the United States will cease
“its policy of aggression" and is willing to
normalize relations with Nicaragua when
he speaks before the United Nations
Thursday.

Craxi may return

. Rome
(AP) President Francesco Cossiga Monday
asked Bettino Craxi to form a new govern-
ment to replace his coalition that fell apart
over his handling of the hijacking of the
Achille Lauro.

Cossiga’s decision had been expected
following three days of consultations with
leaders of the five political parties of
Craxi's old Cabinet.

Politicians predicted that Craxi. a
Socialist. would try to put together a
government with the same parties —- the
Christian Democrats. Socialists,

Republicans. Social Democrats. and -

Liberals.

The Motion?"
Phones leak secrets

Washington
(AP) Some experts believe a shortage of
secure telephones and carelessness by of»
ficials who sometimes are too impatient to
use them are giving away [rational secrets.

But with government officials more
aware of the potential damage from losing
national-security information. a new net-
work of secure phones — capable of
scrambling transmissions before they pass
through the atmosphere where they can be
intercepted — is being developed under a
$44 million National Security Agency
contract.

With delivery scheduled to begin in
I987. at least 500,000 of the new phones
will be installed at government desks and
in the offices of defense contractors. who

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

free listings

 

 

 

often deal with classified information. As
many as two million of the phones are ex-
pected to be bought by other ﬁrms in the
private sector. including major corpora-
tions, high-tech companies and ﬁnancial
institutions. the National Security Agency
says.

No smoking planned

Washington

(AP) Surgeon General C. Everett Koop is
embarking on a second term determined to
use an office with little real power but
enormous symbolic authority to prod
Americans toward a healthier life. I
Koop. just renominated by President
Reagan for a second four-year term. said

he will continue his campaign for a.

"smoke—free-society" by the year 2000.

He is so confident of the goal that he
says it’s time to think of how to ease the
blow to tobacco farmers and others finan-
cially dependent on the industry.

 

 

New ballots proposed

Washington
(AP) The government plans a new kind of
absentee ballot in hope of getting votes
from 3.5 million eligible Americans who
are outside the country every Election
Day.
Those Americans'abroad comprise a
voting block larger than some of the 50 in-‘
dividual states.

Under the current system, Americans
abroad receive absentee ballots from of-.
ficials in each individual state. But. many
receive ballots‘late or find the system too
complicated. ’

Under the government’s plan. a new
federal absentee ballot would be available
at military installations. consulates and
other places in countries outside the
United States. Americans could use them

 

KIRSCH UPS

The Wanamtormorly fronted by Bob Marley. sold out the Campus Center Ballroom

Friday nl

if the regular absentee ballots sent out by
their home states failed to reach them in
time.

ijhe smié‘f“ 
Kilnghotfer buried

New York
(AP) Leon g Klinghoffer‘s body. once
dumped in the sea during a terrorist hi-
jacking. came to rest in the earth Monday.
The death of this .crippled man was “a
holocaust of one," said his rabbi. . '

“There was no justiﬁcation for Leon’s
murder. 1 cannOt conceive of his brutal
slaying being God’s will  .,” Rabbi
Harvey Tattelbaum said. “Many things
are finite. But not human stupidity and
human cruelty.”

More than 600 attended the funeral at
Manhattan's Temple Sharray Teﬁla.‘ in-
cluding Gov. Mario Cuomo, Mayor Ed-
. ward l. Koch. Senators Daniel P.
Moynihan and Alfonse D'Amato, and two
representatives of the Israeli government.

Klinghoffer, wheelchair-bound because
of two strokes. was aboardthe Italian
cruiser Achille Lauro when it was hijacked
on Oct. 7. Authorities say the terrorists
shot him and then ordered crew members
to throw Klinghoffer and his wheelchair
into the Mediterranean.

 

g CSEA workers ,re'tﬁi'i‘ﬁ‘

. Albany
(AP) Striking staff members of the Civil
Service Employees Association (CSEA)
were expected to 'be back on the job Mon-
day for the ﬁrst time since they struck the
state’s largest public employee union Oct.

CSEA spokesman Aaron Shephard said
two unions representing about 200 staff
workers agreed to tentative three-year con-
tracts Friday and rank and ﬁle members
voted Saturday to ratify the pacts. CSEA
directors gave thjeir approval to the pacts
Sunday night in New York City at the
union's annual delegates‘ meeting. he said.

Picket lines went up two weeks ago out-
I side CSEA headquarters in Albany, mann-
l ed by members of the Headquarters Staff
Union and the Field Staff Association.
The first represents CSEA clerical,
secretarial and professional staff
members, while the latter covers union
negotiators. field representatives and
organizers.

—— Correction

 

in the October ii and October 18 issues

of the ASP we failed to correctly report

that Steve Goldsmith was the winner of

Central Council's Colonial Quad election.
El

 

 

 

 

 

  

The Anthropology Club will
hold a meeting Wednesday.
Oct. 28 at 4:00 pm. In SS 260.
Halloween Party will be held
Saturday. Oct. 26 in CC
Ballroom 8:30 p.m.-1:00 a.m.
Ticket sales Oct. 22-Oct. 26 In
CC lobby.

Smokers Interested in quitting
are needed for research for
the Psychology Department.
For more Information call
869-7510.

Alcohol Awareness Night will
be held Tuesday. Oct. 22 at
8:00 pm. in L0 24.

Student Zionist Council of the

 

United States will be held Oct.
25-27 at Homowack Hotel. For
more Information call Julie
Feinberg 434-0866.

Amy Hompol will speak Thurs-
day Oct. 24 at 4:00 pm. In
HUM 354.

Hector Bobonco will speak
Wednesday, Oct. 23 at 8:00
pm. at Page Hall. Downtown
SUNY Albany Campus.
Halloween Party at the Hilton
will be held Thursday Oct. 31
at 9:00-4:00 am. sponsored by
Pi Lambda Phi.

Send a Carnation to someone
special. Can be ordered Oct.

21-Oct. 24 In CC lobby or din-
ner line. Proceeds go to
Disabled Van Funding.
University Jazz Ensemble and
University Symphonic Band
will be performing Thursday.
Oct. 24 at 8:00 pm. In CC
Ballroom.

The Van Russian Chorus will
sing on Sunday. Nov. 3 at 3:00
pm. at the Troy Savings Bank
Music Hall. Tickets may be
purchased at Troy Music Hall
office and all Community Box
Offices.

A representative from Upstate
Medical School will be on

campus on Thursday. Oct. 24.
For more information contact
Fioz Burrlck in CUE.

Entry level test for New York
State Secondary Math and
Science Teaching Certificate
will be given Wednesday, Oct.
30 at 7:00 pm. In HUM 133.
Sign up for test In ED 113 by
Thursday. Oct. 24.

SUNY College of Optometry
representative will be on cam-
pus on Tuesday. Oct. 22.
Those Interested In attending
see He: Burrlck in CUE.
Conversation Partners for
foreign students studying in

the intensive English
Language Program are mad
ed. For more Information con-
tact Mary Kay at 442-3871.

The Foundation Science Fic-
tion Club will meet on
Wednesday. Oct. 23 in LG 11
at 7:30 pm.

American Marketing Associa-
tion meeting will be held Tues-
day. Oct. 22 at 8:00 pm. In EA
229.

Susan Russell will speak on
Pornography. Current Con-
troversies on Wednesday. Oct.

 

23 from 12:15-1:30 In HUM 354.

H

 

 

Bobbi Palm demonstrates I technique
A. "common sense” approach to self-defense

AIDS outbreak sparks varied reactions;
mast students call f

By Ken Dornbaum
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT
Second of two articles ‘
Just as Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
(AIDS) is a topic of controversy across the country,

there are differing attitudes at the-University as.

well. Yet most students say the biggest problem is
the lack of any official educational program on
campus. I

“From what I’ve read. AIDS is not" something
you can get' through casual contact.” said junior
Tessa Knight. “What people know about AIDS has
not been learned though sources on this campus.
and everyone I know is concerned about contrac-
ting AIDS.” V

“I am very concerned about it,” said Knight. "I
think there should be more information about
AIDS distributed on campus."‘ she added. '

Pat, a sophomore at SUNYA sho asked not to be
further identified. said she had a close friend who
died of AIDS this past April.

“He was on active duty in the Army" she said.
“and was in the process of being discharged
because he was engaged in homosexual activity. He
died in a military hospital. He was only l8."

“He found out he had AIDS just before last
Christmas (1984)," Pat said. “He wasn't very pro-
miscuous. either. The military left him for dead in
the hospital because he was gay. He got minimal
care.” she charged.

“There’s very little being done for AIDS. I
wouldn’t be surprised in the next year if AIDS is
known as Rock Hudson's Disease." Pat added.
“No one did much to raise money or help victims
before Hudson went public. Only now is it a big
deal."

Pat added that she was very bitter about the
issue. “I think society as a whole is looking at AIDS
as a punishment for drug users and homosexuals."
she said. adding that “the whole thing is so
painful."

John Paradise, a former SUNYA student now
attending the Junior College of Albany. decided to
help victims by becoming an “AIDS buddy" at the
AIDS Council in Albany.

"I had an overwhelming need to do something."
said Paradise. “The AIDS Council came onto cam-
pus and spoke: it really affected me." he added.

“After much thinking I decided to do it. i
thought that if I were dying of AIDS. I‘d Like so-

 

 

or more education

TUESDA'Yi'UCTOBER‘ZZ; 1985 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 3

By Rene Babich ' .

women should walk with conﬁdence and try to
avoid setting themselves up as targets for would-be
assailants. according to Bobbi Palm, a physical
education professor at SUNYA who teaches self-

~ defense. . _ -

“What you have is it —— you have only yourself to
take care of yourself," she told the audience in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall.

Sara Meyer, the chair of Sigma Delta Tau's
women’s Awareness Committee organized the ses—
sion for sorority members and anyone-else who
wishedto attend. “lt’simportant that women feel
safe." she said. “Maybe this will help people be
more aware if someone jumps out of the bushes."

f‘We think It’s very Important that as a women's

' group on campus we're not seen as a.. .bunch of dit-
‘lz'y girls running around going to parties." said

Meyer. referring to the traditional party image that
1 many people associate with greek letter
 organizatIOns. - ‘ .

“A defense class can really be important to the
women on campus.” she added.

Palm began the demonstration by explaining her
approach to teaching self-defense to women. In the
classes she teaches at SUNYA. she said she uses a
“common-sense" approach, not martial 2315
training.

“it doesn’t matter what your athletic ability is —
You shouldn't try to copy what I do, but to try to
adapt your body." Palm said. emphasizing the use
of your own skills and abilities in defending
yourself in case of attack.

The key to Palm's approach is building self-
conﬁdence in a woman. “The majority of people
who attack look for people who are unaware. At-
tackers want to get away." Palm explained a
woman with a conﬁdent walk looking as if she
knows where she is going will help in eliminating
that woman as'an “easy target."

But, in the event that a person is attacked, the
group was informed of ways to get away from an
assailant.

Selfi’defenseclass urges confidence building

Victims should avoid becoming physical if possi-
ble. Palm said. adding "Once you are physical. you
usually can’t go back to being non-physical."

V In the event someone tries to attack, the victim
should try to startle the assailant by yelling, not

screaming. something like. “NO” or “GET

AWAY."

Most‘ important in 'scaring off an attacker is the
element of surprise —- Once the attacker has been
caught off-guard the victim should run as quickly as
possible, said Palm.

According to Palm, "The biggest mistake people
make is that they stay there.”

Palm advised victims who are forced to ﬁght
physically to get in as open an area as possible.
Also. while walking, try to survey the' surrounding
areas for open stores. or stopped buses to run into
if necessary.

Women who must become physical should hit
vulnerable pans of the body. said Palm. mention-
ing the temples. throat. groin, knee. nose, shin. in-
step. kidneys. base of the neck. and side of the
ankle as examples. If possible, try to kick the per-
son with the solc of the foot. she said. rather than
the too.

If a person is in a more involved situation where
one manuever will not sufﬁce to end the attack.
Palm demonstrated how to use multiple actions to
escape. “Statistics show that if you can't get out a
physical confrontation in 20 to 30 seconds, you’re
in trouble."

At the end of the session, Palm talked about rape
and emphasized that it is a crime of violence. not
one of sex. Rape victims should report the attack
immediately to police and go with a friend or
member of the Rape Crisis Hotline to the hospital
for an examination. said Palm. Do not bathe.
change clothes or douche beforehand, she said,
because you will be destroying evidence.

Victims of rape should always also seek profes—
sional counseling no miter how many friends or
relatives are also being supportive. said Palm. III

 

meone like me to hang with,” said Paradiso, ad-
ding that. “my AIDS buddy was an lV’drug user
and was in a local hospital. He got quality care. The
staff was very concerned and warm.” Paradiso
said.

“I think that people have responded well." said
Paradiso, but he added, “I think there should be
more education of the public."

Ellen Schwartz. a graduate student at SUNYA
felt that some hysteria has been caused by lack of
information.

“I think the government should put more money
into AIDS research and educating the public."
Schwartz said. “People are overreacting because
they don't know enough about the disease or how it
is spread. she added,

Joe Leonard, co-chair of SUNYA's Gay and Les-
bian Alliance (GALA). said he felt that
homophobia has contributed to lack of public
funds for research and education.

“The -major obstacle to AIDS education is
homophobia and the concept that only gay people
get 'the disease." Leonard said. “i think you are
dealing with a fatal disease and people don’t like to
admit that people die from AIDS. It's like how peo-
ple deny that they can get cancer." he said.

“Gay men are being a lot more monogamous and
the vast majority are taking precautionary
measures." Leonard said. noting that the epidemic
has had a number of effects on the gay community
at large. ,

"Negatively. it has caused a strain between gay
men and lesbians." Leonard said. “on the‘positive
side. it has united many people for a cause.”

“Among the men at GALA. it is a concern. and
although it's something on everyone‘s mind. it‘s
not controlling their lives." said Leonard.

According to Claudia Meyer. a steering commit-
tec member of GALA, lesbians. who are not a risk
group of transmitting or acquiring AIDS. have also
been affected.

“A lot of people are misinformed about it
because when they see two lesbians holding hands

in the street. they shout ‘AIDSI' " said Meyer.,

“and they don't realize that the lowest incidence of
AIDS occurs in the lesbian population."

Meyers said she feels “people are grabbing onto
AIDS and using lt against gay people." Cl

 

 

KIRSCN UPS

PAHTYIN 0 THE PODIUM - ea or was the determining
factor In the success of the Class oipe's Part on the Podium
hold on Saturday according to the event's adv sor Peg Aldrich.

“In terms of organization, advertisin and covers 0 they (the
Class of '86) di the best they cou d have." A drich sold.
"Eve thing went like clockwork."

Inc emont weather kept the crowd on the podium sparse
despite the attractln of a DJ and a live band. “I think a lot peo-
ple Iprobably thoughht It was cancelled,” Aldrich said.

T o Nongorts, a well-known local cover band. toyed songs
from "the 's and 00's and wore well-received y' the small
crow . ‘

"About 150 people attended ' said Karen LaPorto. cholrof the
event. “A lot of people were t are just listening to the music.

  
 
 
 
  
    

But at one point we probably had more Ioourit than opts."
She added but due to the poor attendance. the dim of?“ lost
money on the event. ‘ Cl

 

 

 

