2a Aspects

' December, 6,‘ 1985 ' -

 

 

 

 

 

to the

State University of New York

 

December Graduateé’ ,
Assembly

 

to be held on
Sunday December 8 at 1 pm In
the Campus Center Ballroom.
(1 reception will follow.

Students who are completing
their undergraduate degree
requirements In Deeembomhelr
families and friends are invited

at Albany

  
 

 

 

Make
yourself

brown
and
ur friends

green.

434-3424

219 Western Ave 321 Central Ave
ALBANY

“Where did you get that Ian?"

You‘ll glow with healthy-looking color but without
the worries albumlnﬂ. peeling or dry Iinn.

Our FDA- registered Suntana System
uses only UVA lamps to live you an
enviable Ian anult 20 mlnuiu per visit.

Let our carefully trained stut‘l’ help you tan to
perfection. Call todayl

Ask for Nexus Styling

Products at:

Will tum NATURAL MOTION

HAIR DESIGNERS
434-4344

ALBANY

 

 

5:]

RVR'S

MHRHTHON FOR THE
MINIVEN

THE

 

In %2’

Vs

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

@ﬁlityﬂéihitDE-S ‘Li© QM) lift?)
@USGIIIBEWD SSWﬂliDlBiiﬂ‘liS ‘U‘G‘JSLK
WEDWSE [mill one. thliiiJW/(ﬂiiii

 

 

 

lN

 

24 HR DANCE MARATHON

 

DUTCH QUAD U-LOUNGE

 

7pm FRIDAY DEC. 6
UNTIL

7pm SATURDAX DECJ

. FOR mu

aspecula tion

“Some recent work by E., Fermi and L. Szilard, which has been communicated to
me in manuscript, leads me to expect that the element Uranium may be turned into
a new and important source of energy in the immediate future, Certain aspects of
the situation which has arisen seem to call for watchfullness and, if necessary, quick

action on the part of the Administration. ”
——Albert Einstein

Letter to President Franklin D. Roosevelt, August 2, 1939
(this letter resulted in the assignment of government funds for the development of
the atomic bomb.) ‘

i still get confused when i hear people talk about Star Wars. I have to keep quiet
and listen for the context of the conversation. ls it Chewbaka and Han Solo? Or is it
reality? i wait untill'm sure before entering the discussion. I’m always glad if it's the

movie.

 

"I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic

bomb. Perhaps two thirds of the people of the earth might be killed, but enough

men capable of thinking, and enough books, would be left to start again, and
civilization could be restored. "

——A|bert Einstein

"Einstein on the Atomic Bomb," Atlantic Monthly, November 1945

if it's not about the movie, i don't join in. i don’t understand the reality. It's not
like a film with handsome, American-looking good guys and masked, oppressive
bad guys. On the screen the goal is clear: destroy the enemy —— the Death Star. On-
ly the good guys are left, Chewbaca is happy, and they zip off into space for
another adventure.

“The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of
thinking, and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophes. "

——Ralph E. Lapp

"The Einstein Letter That Started it All," New York Times Magazine, August 2,

[964

So, i avoid thinking about the realism of nuclear Star Wars. We‘re all busy at
school now, with finals, with our social lives; we’re busy with things more tangible.
Right now, these things seem more important. And soon . . . ah . . . it'll be
Christmas vacation.

The satiric piece in this issue‘s centerfold is a mock-proposal for nuclear-war
related children's toys. But could our society ever really integrate the concepts of
nuclear war and the games of our children? i wonder how many Christmases it will
take until, next to the toy rifles in Child World, lane and John Deday replace Barbie
and Ken.

“And so Happy Christmas
I hope you have fun
Another year is over

A new one just begun . . .

War is over
If you want it
War is over now.
—lohn Lennon, 1972

i hope Santa’s careful in his travels this year. l want my Han Solo doll to get here
safely.

 

       
  

 
  

‘ Robert Capa Medal in 1982 for exemplary

 

 
  
   
     
 
 
 
    
   
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 

    
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

December'o, 1985

Teaming [up for World peace

hile Carolyn Fotche‘ was .in El
Salvador in 1978 depicting through
poetry and prose the horrors of
revolution, photojournalist Harry Mattison ’
aaptured images of the Nicaraguan war on
m. .

 

Loren Ginsberg

“We didn’t know each other then, " said
Forche as she glanced up at her husband.
“We ran into each other briefly .in '
Salvador, but I thought that he worked for
the United States go'vemment, and he
thought i was a nun. We weren't to talk to
each other again for several years.”

On November 26, after living in the
midst of revolutions in El Salvador,
Nicaragua, Lebanon, and South Africa,
Carolyn Forche and Harry Mattison, new
husband and wife, presented a slide show
and discussion entitled "War, the Media,
and Personal Witness" in SUNYA’s Cam-
pus Center Assembly Hall. The presenta-
tion focused on the discrepencies between
the American conception of foreign events '
as expressed in the media and the reality of
conditions as the couple witnessed.

Forche, currently writer-in-residence at
SUNYA through the New York State
Writers institute, won the Lamont Poetry
Prize in 198] for The Country Between
Us, her second book of poetry. The collec-
tion includes paems that arose from her ex-
periences'as a human rights investigator in
El Salvador from 1978 to 1980. in addition

to poetry and political essays, Forche wrote
a commentary for El Salvador: Work of 30
Photographers, a book of war
photography to which Mattison
contributed. '

Mattison, a renowned war photojour-
nalist for Time magazine, was awarded the

 

service and valor under‘ fire. His

had friends," said Mattison. "And for some
strange reason l proceeded to quit my job. i
bought an airline ticket, 1 took two
cameras, and l went to Nicaragua. All this
took place within two weeks. i arrived five
days after the beginning of the Nicaraguan
revolution.”
As he experienced the human suffering
and devastation of war, Mattison became
‘ more aware that the information in the
media was hot representative of the reality
of the situation. Photographers were often
given staged scenes to capture on film for
the American media. Often, photos were
printed with misleading or false captions.
Mattison described an incident in

 

   

Lebanon around Christmas time when the
American troops were brought outside,
told to stand near a Christmas tree that had
beenset in a strategic spot for the cameras,

 

photography is featured in a recently
published collection on the history of war
photography, The Indelible Image.

During a trip to Argentina in September
of 1978, Mattison stopped for a short stay ’
in northern Nicaragua. He went on to
work as a carpenter and photographer in
Argentina. During that time, he saw a 30
second TV report of government troops
shooting a crowd of civilians in Nicaragua.

and were each handed a little red gift sack
from a box. Photographers were instructed
to take pictures of the scene for the
American press.

Each soldier's gift package contained
bubble gum, soap, and a disposable razor
with no blade. When Mattison asked a
soldier why the razors didn't have blades,
he was told, 1'They don't want us to try to
commit suicide, i guess.”

 

"T his is a place where i had been and l

One of the slides depicted families living

Shoah: powerfu

Shoah
by Claude Lanzmann
Pantheon Books
200 pages, $11.95

A N ORAL hrsronv or THE'HOLOCAUS
HE COMI'LETE raxr OF THE FILM
YCLAUDE L’ANZMANN
REFACE BY SlMONE DE BEAUleR

   

 

  

  

  

  

       

 
 

.I,

' few days ago, was spaa ing w a
Afriend and just when it got to be time

to get off the phone, i mentioned
director Claude Lanzmann’s book version
of his nine and a half hour documentary
film, Shoah: An Oral History of the

 
 

 

Holocaust and we didn’t hang up until an
hour later. To put it bluntly: since you pro-
bably won't be able to see the film, you

. will have to read his book if you want to

think that you know anything about the
Holocaust.

Tom Kacandes

The effect of reading this book is the
same as sitting with Claude Lanzmann in a
darkened room as he brings in the sur-
vivors of the Holocaust to speak with you
oneat a time. Here are the bureaucrats
who ran the death camps, the witnesses
who lived nearby, and the survivors who
lived to bear witness, all telling you their
stories in a Way that allows us to get closer
to this unprecedented event in our history
than ever before. This is Lanzmann's
achievement and it is not to be missed.

ln her preface, Simone do Beauvior goes
farther: "After the war, we read masses of
accounts of the ghettos and the extermina-
tion camps, and We Were devastated. liul
when we see Claude Lanzmann‘s extraor-
dinary film, we realize we have
understood nothing. Now, for the first
time, we liva it in our minds, hearts, flesh.
it becomes our experience."

Claude Lanzmann is a veteran journalist
with, it seems, an obsessive sense of justice.
He spent ten years interviewing the many
people we meet in Shoah, and was nearly
killed once after interviewing a reclusive

 

 

  

 

in bombed apartment buildings in the
Moslem Section of Lebanon. “They live as
if on shelves there in the city,” Forche
described, "and they persist to live in these
apartments even though they have no
walls in them." She spoke to a psychiatrist
in a Lebanese refugee hospital who told
her, "You want to discuss mental health?
We haVe no mental health here anymore."

To illustrate the contrast between im-
ages from the American military point of
view and the citizens’ point of view, Mat-
tison showed a slide of a guard crouched
behind sandbags on top of the American
embassy in Lebanon followed by a picture

   

   

 

  

 

 

of a man holding his son in a refugee camp.

   

on.
"i watched this man, and l photographed

, him. And as l was photographing him his
' son died." Mattison paused and went on to

a photo taken seconds later, as the man
held his dead son. “And there was no im-
plication,” he continued, "and there was no
way i could explain that.“

It was the support of the people that
helped the couple cope with their ex-
periences, explained Forche. "l was always

' afraid. I'm not a particularly brave person. I

mean, i would get hives. I’d start to shake
— sometimes after the fact, fortunate-
ly. . . but the people have been through a
great deal, and their understanding of the

   
  

 

 

 

   

Aspects 3a

situation is, of course, deeper than ours.
And they really do transmit a kind of
bravery to you."

She added, "And you also understand
that you can either panic and be killed, or
you can panic and live through it, or you
can be calm and be killed, or you can be
calm and live through it. So you pick
which side you want to be on, and i usually
try to pick calm."

Mattison leaned over his wife’s head to
the microphone. "i had a reason to be
there, and i had a reason to explain
something. And, therefore i was less afraid.
And ldon’t know how many times my life
was saved by people who never used
toothpaste, who never saw a television set
and who would walk dozens of miles to
get me though bad situations. And i think
when i saw their bravery and l understood
what their struggle was about, it made me
feel very superfluous and unimportant."

Both Forche and Mattison stressed the
importance of human awareness and
reliable information in creating an
understanding of conditions throughout
the world. “We’ve had the opportunity
and good fortune to be able to travel to
other countries, and we've received an
education there," said Mattison. "Both
Carolyn and l were told by the people that
we spent time with that We should go back
and change things in our own country."

At first, they thought that the people
were referring to the United Slales' foreign
policy, but now the intent of their request
is clear, according to Mattison. “Now we
understand what they really meant is, 'Go
back and change your country.’ And what
that means is, there's a responsibility for
each one of us that has to do with what
kind of reality and what kind of world we
want to live in."

Mattison expressed optimism that
awareness will encourage change. "i think
the quality of life in this country as it
becomes more and more sensitive to other
people's feelings and more interested in the
quality of their lives, that perhaps we will
not be causing much pain in the rest of the
world as we are.” I

Through their travels and their promo-

tion of human awareness, Carolyn Forche
and Harry Mattison are realizing their
responsibilities in bringing about that
change. i]

holocaust study

Nazi figure. For the most part, the inter-
views are straightforward recountings of
the Holocuast by the witnesses, with no ar-
chival footage of the prisoners from the
war, no black and white film of the camps
upon liberation, or any other mechanical
return to the past. The spoken words and,
in the film, the expressions, of the inter-
viewed give us the truest idea possible of
the horror they lived through. EXCcpt for
the few times he violently insists that the
Nazi's answer his questions without
sidestepping his point, Mr. Lanzmann
restricts his comment to the nearly flawless
editing of the different interviews that
caused Variety to acclaim it’s "unforget-
tably sinister beauty  . the faces and voic-
es of (the) interviewees, like refrains in a
terrifying epic poem." H

One of my personal interests in this
book is the fact that my father, an Eastern
Orthodox Christian, was once tortured in a
concentration camp in Greece and many of
my relativus, people i never knew, died in
that camp or were shot outright by the
Nazis. My father’s pimple, the small
Kacandes clan, were olive growch in a
mountainous area near the temple of the
ancient Oracle of Delphi, an area critically
important to the Nazi's control of Greece,
Our clan led the King Georgi.- guerrillas,
the Crack resistance supplied by the
British. One day, the Nazi's came into a
town and told all the little boys to line up
and drop their pants. My father, having

 

 

been circumcised in a Newark, NJ.
hospital before he was trapped in WWII
Greece, was taken along with the Greek
Jews to a local camp. When they found out
he was a Kacandcs, an SS officer formed a
swatslika in the skin of his forearm by
slowly stamping out his cigarrcttcs there as
he questioned him. The camp was liberated
by the guerrillas before the swatstika was
completed or any information was
obtained.
l always found it difficult to accept the
idea that the six million Jews who were
murdered by Hitler should be considered
scparalcly from the millions of non-Jewish
partisans, homosexuals, and political op-
ponents who were also persecuted. On one
level, l still think it is pointless to create a
hierarchy among the twenty or thirty
million deaths for which Adoll Hitler is
responsible; however, after reading Slithtli.
my mind is changed. Shoal] is the Hebrew
Word for "annihilation." Mr. lununann
reconstructs the Nazi death machine so that
it is very real to us as never before. This
.illowutl mu to understand the important
difference between the unprecedented an»
nihilaliun of the lows and the persecution
of others. it will also allow you as much as
is possible, to understand how it happened,
and even more importantly, how it could
happen again. i cannot think of any way to
more strongly recommend this book. The
world owes much in Claude lxinzmann for
this insight into our worst potential. l'l

 

