By Rich Sheridan
and Jerry Camplone
Schenectady, NY
in a wild see-saw battle that
saw the lead change ten times. the
Albany State Great Danes

      

prevailed over the Union Dut-
chmén in a thriller, 63-60.

The game saw the return to
form of Albany. Senior guard
Dave Adam, who led all scorers
with 16 po

  
  

with 4: 13

  

tins and came up with a

WW ,

the Danes.

in erasing the
with 1:48 left.

Dutchmen.

LUCKEY ups
John Carmello pulls up for a lumper In a game earlier this season.

big steal and basket with just 56:
seconds left to put the Danes in
front for good. ‘
Following an eight-point streak
by Union to put them ahead 54-49 ’
remaining,
.1 State Head Coachpick Sauers
. called time-out. The time-out ap-
parently paid off. a
What followed was, by general
concensus, the most crucial play ,
of the game. Adam Urspring re-
bounded a missed shot by Pete
Gosile, converting it for ‘two
points and drawing a foul.
Urspring hit the foul shotgcom-
pleting the three-point play and
swinging the momentum back to

Urspring was also a key factor

lead of the night as he pulled
down the rebound which led to
Dan Croutier's game-tying basket

With the game tied 56-56.
Union called a time-out and what
followed spelled disaster for the

Union Head Coach -Bill
Scanlon apparently decided to‘
, hold the ball and wait for the last
' shot. but the defensive quickness
of the Danes ruined Scanlon’s
hopes of an upset.

Adam knocked the ball loose to

 
  
   
 

Albany the Danes.

on until, the end; 63-60.

ing defeat.

sions offensively.’

‘We were in deep trouble.’ said
Sauer and he wasn't kidding. At
one point in the first half. the
Danes found themselves down by
10 points, cutting the Union lead
to 4, 33-29 at the half. This was
the ﬁrst time Albany had been
trailing at halftime since the

final Dutchmen

defeat at Potsdam.

you.’

 

Croutier. who passed down court
to Adam whose breakaway lay-up ‘
was knocked off the rim by a
Union player, resulting in a goal-
tending call. and two points for

' Pete Gosile hit two free throws
- with 20 seconds left to put Albany
up by four, 50-56. The Danes held

Scanlon. who was apprently
upset o'ver his team’s heartbreak-
cailed Urspring’s
3-point play ‘the big play of the
night'. ‘We wanted-to score. We
wanted to be aggressive,’ he said,
‘but we made some awful deci-

‘We weren’t taking the shots
we should have.’ said Sauers.
‘Those things can catch up with

When asked why his team,
which was so aggressive in the
ﬁrst half. came out so flat in the
second-allowing Albany to score I
eight consecutive points, Scanlon

. ;DicltirS-atterst; , l _=,:',._
 ~Countd wn‘to' v
" 500 wins

 

 

 

said, ‘Our intensity level had real-
ly dropped off. it's happened-
more than once' this year}. ‘ ..
According to Adam, Albany
doesn’t need an incentive when
playing Union, but he called
Scanlon his 'biggest incentive'.
Adam, who could have played for
Union or Albany. said he and

Scanlon have ‘a friendly rivalry’i. ,

in addition: to Adam's 16‘

Greg Hart was once again in dou-
ble ﬁgures with 10 points. Hart
also grabbed 9 rebounds while
Ursprung led Albany withil. '

Mike Miller, who came into the
game averaging 5.3 points per
game, put in l5 points to lead the
scoring for Union. Also in dou-
ble ﬁgures for the Dutchmen were
Kevin Bartlett and Tom Beck with
13 and 10 points respectively. On
the boards, Ken D'Orazio led all
players with 13 rebounds.

Going into Wednesday’s game,
Albany was ranked l7th in the na-
tion in Division ill. According to
Adam, it may have ‘helped our
confidence a lot'.

But Setters warned not to put
too much faith in the poll. ‘lt's

said. adding that ‘you can‘t com-
pare teams in different regions.‘

Oneonta a two-time victim of women cagepsvv

By Kristine Sauer
EDII‘ORMi ASSISTANT

When it was over. the Albany State
women's basketball team members breath-
ed a collective sigh of relief.

Oneonta‘s attempt at avenging
November's two point loss to Albany State
faltered as the Danes triumphed 65-46 on
Tuesday night.

The ﬁnal score doesn't indicate how
close the game really was. The tied (29-29)
halftime score gives a better picture. in
fact, the see-sawing back and forth of the
entire first half tells the true story.

“We were challenged by them for the
whole game.’I said Albany coach Mari

Warner. "On offense in the ﬁrst half we
weren't moving the ball. They were break-
ing our 1-3—1 trap so we took it out com-
pletely in the second half."

The first two periods were low scoring.
Albany never let Oneonta g_et more than a
two point edge over them. With two
minutes left in the half, the Danes were up
by five, the largest lead thus far in the
game. But poor Dane play characterized
by missed baskets and turnovers resulted
in Oneonta ending the half at a standstill.

“it was a tight first half," said Warner.
“They weren’t missing many in the last six
minutes. We were getting the offensive re-
bounds, but couldn’t get it back in the

basket." .

A big factor in the ﬁrst half was
Oneonta's point guard, Janet Bignone.
Bignone penetrated the Dane defense then
passed off. Bignone, who scored only ﬁve
points. was not a scoring threat, but Lori
Chamberlain, who she was constantly
dishing the ball off to was. Chamberlain
scored 12 points in the first half.

“in the first half they were shooting
really well," said Dene Kim Kosalek.

At halftime the Danes made some
changes. The Danes typically play a fast

game. with a lot of pressing and running. .

Oneonta had broken the press and the
Dane offense just wasn’t working.

 

By Terri Davis

four events.

turctl third with u 7.35.

 

Gymnastswin fifth in row

The unbeaten Albany State gymnasts once again proved themselves on Tuesday.
Feb. 5 when they crushed New Paltz. boosting their undefeated record to 5-0.
The Dane gymnasts dominated the entire meet taking first, second and third in all

in the first event. vaulting, Sue “T” Uskowitz, strong for Albany all season. took
first place with an 8.35. She was followed by teammates Terri “Tsuks” Sokol (7.85)
and freshman Michclc Husak (7.5) respectively.

Although it was an off day for the Danes on the uneven parallel bars, they managed
to glide to the top three places. With a fine repeat performance. sophomore Leslie
Stcckcl cupturcd first place with a 7.85 breaking the season record. The rccord that
Stcckel broke was sci in at previous meet by Nora Bcllttntoni. Nora finished second
(7.0). followed by lircndn "Strctch" Armstrong in third place (6.25).

Lacking depth duc to injury, New Full]. continued to trail behind Albany. Con—
i'idcncc and consistcncy ttidcd the Danes in maintaining it solid tctun loittl on the beam.
Armstrong nuilctl first with u 7.ti5 l'ollowcd by (‘ttrol "Baby" llurt in second (7.5).
Kurcn “Spike” littilcy. returning from an ankle injury. with much determination cup-

High scores continued for Albany to its strongest event. the floor cxcrclsc. Season
record holder, Michclc llusuk tumblcd into ﬁrst place With an 8.35. Second was taken
by Armstrong (7.6). Surprise performer Jennifer Clcury duuccd her way into third for
Albany with ti 7.45 for the first time this season.

This Saturday at 1:00 p.m. in the University Gym the Lady Dunes will take on
M.l.'l‘. iind Suicm Sttttc, Albany's closest Div. III competitor to date. Come cheer
them on us they go all out to remain undefeated.

 

 

 

“We ‘ r ‘ our offense. which helped
us out the second half," said Warner.
“There was more movement inside. We
were moving the ball quicker and better."

At the start of the second half the Danes
switched to man to man defense and stuck
with it. “The man to man helped a lot.
with it we were able to put. more‘pressure
on them,” said Kosalek.

With the changes the second half con:
tinued to be tight until the Danes went on a
scoring binge. With 13 minutes remaining
the score was tied 38-38. Within the next
3'/z to 4% minutes. sparked by a Chris
Canasta-Donna Hughes substitution. the
Danes held a ten point lead, the biggest un-
til the ﬁnal minutes. The Dane defense
caused turnovers and kept Oneonta from
even attempting to shoot. Ralnny Lcsane
started to penetrate, was fouled and went
to the line. Kosalek went to the hoop dish-
cd off low to Lori Buybu. Not one Dane
player was dominant. it was a five womun
effort.

"This win was very much a team ef-
fort." said Warner. “After this lead the
other players who went in kept it rolling
and we never let up after that. i had looked
up at the clock with 13 minutes left - the
score was tied. i thought to myself we have

t

to start pulling this out."'

,And they did pull it out. The Danes
outscored Oneonta 25-8 in the ﬁnal eight
minutes. Point guard, Bignone was now
making bad passes and her teammates
were taking bad shots. “They got rattled -
when we put the pressure on. The man to
man really came through," said Hughes.

Warner said. “Offensiver we made ad-
justments, 'but our shooting was not
good." Overall the Danes shot 35 percent
from the. floor. ’

17>

 

"Danes survive hugescare  

points, Ursprung had it points «

the worst poll in the world.’ he 1

17h.

  
   
   
     
   
  

 

  
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
  

   

 

 

 

 

     
 

 

ell after thelﬂast notes‘had been
- . * ..struck, the serene presence of
another plane of mind filled the

s ’a his pa'st’Saturday at'ihe Performing

  

Arts_:Center,.‘ ‘)e Department of ‘Music
presented a A ogram designed'to explore'

the work of 'percussion. The varied pro-

gramipresented works in the'matlmba,‘ '

liorn,;timpani and amplified piano.

Rit‘h'youh‘g " .g '

 

 

Theconcert was conceived..by;-Richard> ' l

Albagli,j percussion soloist orchestral ‘per~,

former,-and educator‘on the faculties  the .
University at'Albanyand the Renssele'ar 
; Polytechnic lnstitute.’Guest artists included“

~Dav'idHSaunders; principal 'h‘o'rnis't of the
Albany Sytnphony, percussionist Scott,
Stacey, and'pi'anists‘ Diane Guernsey and
‘Ronald Gianattoslo.'-  ' ‘    .

Albain began the concert 'with three

short pieces from My Lady White on the
marimba, which resembles a xylophone in,

appearance. The slow echoes began to ,

rumble slowly and awaken. opening our

' senses to the pulse, reminiscent of a distant

drumbeat. Similar in sound to kettle
drums, the slow progression surged ahead,
intensifying and then dropping back, lull-
ing us with the melody and, weaving a
web of sound around the theatre. lt
resembled the underwater echoes and
sonic communication among dolphins.
After surging back and forth, the composi-
tion tapered off until all that was left was
the memory.

The next piece, Who the Silent Hunter
Over a Sea of Misti. . . was inspiried by a
poem by Dag Hammatskiold. Returning to
the marltnim, again with two tnallcts in
each hand. it seemed quite a feat that
Albagli was able to manipulate them to hit
the correct notes with such dcftness and
Intensity. ' l N

 

 

 

'/

 

‘ . t  ‘ 
lift
a “-

  distantpast  ;

 

 

Accompanied-by David Saunders on the
french’horn, the composition began slowly
.and quietly, like a voice calling out into the
darkness, hoping and waiting. Without an
answer, the voice trailed off into silence.
The marimba began slowlybut surged for-
ward in a melody separate from the con-
cerns of the lone voice and followed a dif-
ferent melody. The long notes of the horn
returned with the hope of a response. like
that of a ship in the black night searching
for another to ward off the loneliness of
solitude. Unanswered, the ship moves on
quietly into the night.

in contrast to the haunting sound of the
horn, the tlmpani. which are drum-like in-
struments, pierced the calm mood. Usually
In the background of the orchestral com-
position, lt was the sole instrument. Since
the tlmpani is restricted in pitches. the
types of melodies are also limited, The first
piece, "Sacra", was .1 melodic work that

 

held constant pitches in A, D and E. The

' people were playing as the running under-

 

 

gisters made it seem as if two

 

change of re
current of the first register surrounded the
regal sound of the second. The sudden,
loud notes made one think back to the age
of dinosaurs; an image of magestic beasts
crossing the desert, pounding the earth,
slowly crossing the land to their ultimate
demise.

,“Canaires,” the second piece. was a non-
mclodic piece in a tonal arrangement of
pitches. The strong rhythmic composition
worked with tempos and melrcs whereas
traditional melodic works use theme and
key in 4/4 time, Herc, the tempo was
changed to triplets. This was done in a suc-
cession that progressively quickcd to create
a surging cncrgy in a flurry of motion. it
drove the adrenaline and raced the heart.
moving closer and closer in time until they
were about the descend, then trailed ol'f'

 

 

until they once again surged forward and
triumphed in a frenzied crescendo. '

 
  
  
 

  
 
  

       

 

. Wytvtoh Marcella

 

 

 

The final composition, George-Crumbs
Music for a Summer Evening, .was the
centerpiece of the program. it was compos-
ed for two amplified pianos and a wide
variety of percussion instruments, many of
them unconventional. Each of the five
movements explored the range of emotion

. fromtension to transcendence.

Starting out with the stark, surealistic im-
agery of a forest, the vibrating sounds
created a tension of the unknown in the
mind. A nocturnal presence was felt,
resembling the life that the night takes on
as it overcomes the day. lmggcs, half
forgotten in the mist that lay deep in the
fermentation of dreams and ancient
rememberings. The intensity of the music
increased as the random noises filled the
car. only to stop. allowing the anxiety to
increase. Building up once again in a weav-
ing manner, the dread mounted ttntll the
clang of the Chinese gong reverberated
silent echoes. .

Each of the movements articulated an
expressive momentum as "the first, third
and fifth movements would seem to define
the primary import of the work...a kind of
cosmic drama’." These movements were
inspired by poetic quotations which were
transposed into musical pieces.

Minimalist, yet ephemeral in nature, the
last movement, "Music of the Starry
Night", 1ch one floating in euphoric
calmness. it touched that part of our con-
sciousness which is usually disjointed from
the mind in the rush of life around us. But
in: music and the tranquility that was left
tn its wake calmed the ucrvcs and flowed
through the veins, renewing our life's
blood.

The concert iuxtaposctl the too-lapping
heat of music with which we are familiar,
to the space music of Mark lsham and
Brian Eno, lcnving the audience with .t wcll
remembered experience of percussion and
its possibilities. i"

  

