 

other major magazines don't seem to
mind.

when it comes to doing her lecture tour.
though. she knows her life in the rock world
makes her somebody kids want to talk to.
She's done definitive shots of Mick lagger.
Michael lackson. Patti Smith. Laurie Ander-
son. Bruce Springsteen and Sting. You al-
most have to ask who she hasn't shot. with
LOOO bands and performers in stock; album
covers for Frank Zappa. the 8-525. lan
Hunter. Black Uhuru, Carly Simon. Simon
and Garfunkel. the Talking Heads. among
others. assorted tour books; and starting
last year. one book a year dedicated to a
single star or group. So far she's done the
Police and Springsteen. with half the
profits going to a humanitarian group
called "Save the Children."

"i love taking pictures and i'll do It my

whole life." she says. "but i don't consider
myself a photographer. I see myself — it
sounds silly — as Wlll Powers. an example
of someone breaking limitations. breaking
barriers. breaking categories."

She's right. She sounds downright corny.
And she doesn‘t mind admitting it.

You begin to sense a certain courage
when you know a lot of postmoderns will
find her optimistic videos downright naive.
They're equally at home on MTV, she says.
and the Disney Channel. They're even used
by Captain Kangaroo. as therapy for autis-
tlc children and by Britain's National Mar-
riage Guidance Council.

We kick the talk back tophotography.
She calls herself a freak for Kodak products
— Kodachrome 25 film in the studio.
Kodachrome 64 film outside and for shoot-
ing groups. She gives a few mechanics of
her sessions and talks about looking
through the lens with both inner vision and
peripheral vision.

it’s clear. though. that for Lynn Gold‘
smith, photography is just one facet of a
much larger communication process.

. W.

Among the many celebrities who have
been on the business end of Goldsmith's
lens are actor Richard Gere (left), new
wave songstress Annie lennox (above)
and actress Karen Allen (below).

 

LOW LIGHT
PHOTOGRAPHY

BY ERIC ESTRIN

ith the variety of sensitive, high-
speed film on the market these
days. you can take pictures any-

where. as long as you keep In mind a few
basic points. First of all, it helps to have a
camera with a fast lens — meaning f/2.8 or
better lthe lower the number. the faster
your lens). Even if your lens is not that fast.
you can still take low-light photographs —
but you may need to use a tripod to keep
your camera steady for longer exposures.

Votive candles provide even, warm
light, as well as an unusual frame for
the subiect.

in either case, make sure you're using an
appropriate film for your subject. Koda-
color VR 400 or 1000 film ls recommend-
ed for color prints. The higher speed (IOOO)
is preferable for extremely low light. The
lower-speed fllm offers more versatility in
a wider range of situations. Kodak Ekta-
chrome 200 or 400 film can be used for
slides shot in natural light. or Kodak Ek-
tachrome 160 film for slides when the pre-
dominant light source is from tungsten
bulbs. Kodak Trl‘X pan film is recom-
mended for black and white shots.

Almost all indoor settings lit without
flash or other professional gear would be
considered low-light photographic oppor—
tunities, These settings often provide.
pleasing results. because sunshine filtering
In through windows eliminates harsh
shadows and makes for even. flattering
light. To maximize this condition. make
sure window shades and blinds are opened.
whenever possible. Similarly, when shoot-
ing indoors at night or on overcast days. it
may help to turn on all lights in the room.

Along exposure transformed car head-
lights into luminous streaks.

when taking pictures in this manner. try
to position your subiect facing the light.
Take a meter reading from the subject’s
face. or whatever area you consider the most
important part of the shot. if you include
the light source. or even large portions of a
reflective surface such as a lightvcolored wall
in the reading, you risk "fooling" your light
meter and underexposing your subiect.
Conversely. try not to include much of the
open window or other light source in the
frame. This part may be overexposed if you
have taken a reading from your subiect.

Other kinds of low-light photo oppor-
tunities take place outside the home after
daylight. Early evening is a good time to
capture sunsets and other nature shots
in a soft. pleasing light. in addition, most
city lights are turned on by this time. and
they can serve as the focal point of a va-
riety of shots.

It's easy to take pictures of city lights at
night. because they turn out well at a wide
range of exposures. Perhaps a stream of
automobile headlights along a dark road-
way makes for an interesting geometric
design In black and white. Or. you might
prefer shooting a colorful neon sign. or
an entire block of storefronts. Fast shut-
ter speeds will emphasize detail in the
lights themselves, while longer exposures
result in more detail in surrounding shad-
dow areas.

Afast camera lens and high-speed film can

EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY

Wlndow light alone would have made
these lacemakers appear in silhouette.
but reﬂected llght off a white tablecloth
helps show detail in their faces.

also be utilized to great effect when shoot-
ing indoor concerts or Sporting events.
or outdoor events at night. For sports
events, it’s often best to shoot at the fast-
est shutter speed possible. in order to stop
the action. If low-light conditions force
you to expose for the second or longer.
chances are. you will get some blurred
motion. This phenomenon is minimized.
however. at the peak of the action — the
top of an athlete's lump, the moment a
ball hits a bat. and so on. in addition. you
can get satisfying results by panning your
camera with the action. blurring only the
background.

Once you start experimenting. you'll find
there's literally no end to the array of
good photographs available in dim light,
Streetlights. candlelights. even the light
of a clear. night sky can provide enough
illumination to make beautiful pictures.
All that's usually needed is a camera
with a fast lens. some sensitive film. and a
healthy imagination.

ANVdWOD XVGON NVWLSVE

 

 

