 

 

-.,.A-r .,_ . -......,...,,.._........_._..................

 

‘October‘l, .1985

 

6a Aspects.

-October 4, 1955

 

 

OUR BIGGEST AND BEST SALEYET! w

Graduated Savings. .

ill'"""'“iii.  ,

 
 

 

I l."“"“""22ii.....  , 

* OFF “mill
ALL 18K GOLQIIIW i
“ll.

     

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(ini' u‘t-(‘k only. saw on llwgoiri ringui'ymu‘ ('ll()l(‘(.‘. Forminplolo
iii-lulls, sou ,w mr .lt lSlt‘ilS i‘t'Iil‘t‘Sl'lllzlllH‘ :11: .

Mg Oct. 7.8.9. - Mon. Tue. Wed Place: Bookstore
Time: lO-3pm Deposit: $25.00

I I M r Illei-ltlslt‘llhdill‘

J C) STENS ‘

AMERICA‘S COLLEGE RING'“

 

 

 

 

 

LIVE THEATRE AT A GREAT BARGAIN!

BUY A UNIVERSITY THEATRE 1985-86 SEASON SUBSCRIPTION
4 SHOWS FOR ONLY $9 (SUNYA STUDENTS/FACULTYISTAFF)

[ingot the World-Arthur Kopit’s comedyLmystery-thriller
October 16-19 & 23-26

The Great God Brown-Eugene O’Neill’s lyrical drama
November 20-23

The Club-Eve Merriam’s sparklingsong and dance show
March 5-8 & 12-15

Twelfth Night-Shakespeare’s sunny,romantic comedy
April 16-19

 

SUBSCRIBERS SAVE $6 WITH PRIORITY RESERVE SEATS AVAILABLE

ONLY To THEM up To 5 DAYS BEFORE ANY PERFOR _
SUBSCRIBE NOW/RESERVE LATER MANCE

FOR DETAILS COME TO SUNYA PERFORM
CENTER TICKET OFFICE ING ARTS

OR CALL 442-3997

 

 

Miami Vice-goes'Greek

by Stephen Grave
. Avon Books
206 pages. $3.95

M‘!

omer wrote The [Iliad near the top of

Mount Olympus, close to the eternal

‘ snows, the muSes, the gods. Stephen
Grave adapted the pilot episode of the
Universal Television series Miami Vice,
created by Anthony Yerdovich, into a

 

novel, The Florida Burn.

Mike- Dermans'ky _

The [Iliad is an epic poem, displaying
two armies battling over honor — soldiers
covered with bronze armor,using chariots,
spears. shields, and mischievous gods in-
teracting in human affairs. Vice, moral
depravity, or corruption, is the war of the
20th century. Every Friday night our
heroes make connections, enter the under-
world, and beat drug dealers and pimps at
their own game.

Does Stephen Grave's product rival
Homer? It doesn’t seem a fair question.
Maybe, "Is The Florida Burn worth
reading?" is more appropriate. I enjoyed
reading it. After viewing the premiere

 

episode of Miami .Vlce twice, it was fun ’

scanning through the familiar lines, ahd an-

ticipating what the hero would say. Sure_

enough, it was there verbatum.
If you have not seen the show, you may
miss the humor. Grave attempts to tell the

thoughts behind the characters’ faces. On ‘

TV we observe theirfa'ces presented up
close, from'behind, a sideview with lights

 

 

 

from the city streets or through a lavish art
deco pad, all mixed to the beat of Phil Col- ’
lins or Tina Turner, which allowsus to easi~
ly draw» our ownconclusions about the
mood. Descriptions such as ‘Tubbs crank-
ed down the window and stared at them
with the expression of someone who has
just found a dead fly in his pastrami on‘

boats, and high fashion garb (Grave in-
forms us that he gets first pick on impound-
ed merchandise); Achilles’ armor is made

' - by gods, and only he can handle his spear.

Crockret hides his emotions; Achilles holds
out of the Trojan War when his honor
code is broken and coldly watches as his
comrades are slain.

“l . . Crocketh stature parallels Achilles’, the greatest warrior.
On a cap’s salary he sports a brand new Corvette, two speed
boats, and high fashion garb. . .”

 

rye," displays the difficulties of (translating-

transform Miami Vice into a real event,
like a news story. I’m willing to believe
Tubbs isn’t who he says he is, he confronts
his new partner, "This here’s a flare gun,
sucker," snarled Crocket. "It fires an incen-
diary cartridge as big as a can of deodorant.

Now, unless you want your entire in-g

testinal tract to light up like Cape
Canaveral, you’ve got exactly ten second
to tell me who the hell you are." '

Tubbs tells him he is there to carry out
Crockett replies, "It‘s called vengeance, my
friend, plain and simple. Now, I may seem
somewhat unorthodox to the untrained
eye, but when it comes to police work, I'm
strictlyvbusiness.”

Crocket's stature parallels Achilles’, the
greatest warrior. On a cop’s salary he
sports a ‘brand new Corvette, two speed

residence brought to the SUNY
I system by the New York State
Writers Institute, gave a reading from his
work on Thursday, September 26, at the
New York State Museum’s Cultural Educa-
tion Center.

Brenda Schaeffer

Montague is one of the major poets
writing in English. He was born in New
York, but he grew up in Ulster, ireland and
was educated at St. Paul’s College and at
University College in Dublin.

Montaguc’s writing has been described
as personal expression which captures the
political realities of Ulster. Hts reading
from such works as The Dead Klngdon and
The Great Cloak reveals the truth of this

J ohn Montague, the first writer-in-

 

 

Achilles’ human side ,is presented,
though, in his squire, Patroclus. When

there are underworld drug dealers like

the dark blood ran out of him and drench-
ed the earth. Achilles took him by the foot
and hurled him into the river with a few
taunting words by way of farewell. 'Lie
there among the fish."'

In terms of violence, The [Iliad certainly
is not dated. Miami Vice’s Tubbs often ap-
pears as Crocket's human side, getting him
to reveal what he is thinking about. It
would be interesting to see what would
happen if Tubbs were killed. This couldn’t
happen. The series would end. This hurts
the show. When you know the warriors
can‘t die, the suspense is dulled.

An interesting aspect of street war is ex-
plored when Tubbs apprehends Calderone:

“Come on you $400-a-week cop. It’s
getting late. You can arrest me now."

"You're dead," said Tubbs.

description. In one poem, Montague
describes Protestants and Catholics a5
“grimly holding on.” He ends this poem
with, "Two crazed peoples —- make an
end." In a poem entitled “She Cries," he
tells of a poet at his desk, "still trying to
crack , without faltering, the sound barrier
of a dying world." The universal dilemnas
of life in Ireland are united with a warm
human insight in his poetry, effectively
communicating a common understanding
to his audience.

Montague has written much on the sub-
loci of love, and admits to his audience, “I
have been occupied a great deal with love
w I think it comes from the Old Irish."

"In love poems," he says, "one hopes for
a tenderness and an exchange.”

The general reaction to Moniaguc's
reading was extremely positive. The au-

 

Calderone’s men. When Crocket finds out

 

 

Aspects 7a

Patroclus is killed, Achilles becomes an in-
humane war machine, showing no mercy,
even to one of Priam’s sons . . . "When e
heard this, Lycaon's spin't failed him and he
collapsed. Letting go the spear, he sat with
both his hands held out. But Achilles drew
his sharp sword and struck him on the col-
lar bone beside the neck. The two-edged
blade was buried in his flesh; sinking for-
ward he lay stretched on the ground, and
Calderone, but the graphics before each
commercial break are an essential part of
"TV reality" which is missing in the
literature.

In this episode Tubbs meets Crocket.
Tubbs comes down to Miami using his
brother‘s name. His brother was killed by

 

Calderone looked annoyed, as if by a tri-
fle. ‘Whatsa matter with you? You win,
man. Guess I'll just hafta take my chances
in the courts.”'

It appears the criminal is protected by
the law,.which Tubbs is enforcing. In The
[Iliad fighters fight for glory, representing a
strong family lineage. Tubbs frightens
Calderone but is ultimately held to his
pledge to law, which also binds him to his
commrades, who are also on law's side.
Some would argue law is what makes
modern man civilized. Some may argue
otherwise.

Miami Vice, like The Illiad is reflective
of its time. It is meant to watched on a
screen and not browsed through. And, in
conclusion, if you haven't read The [Iliad
yet, you’d better do so before a mini-series
is cast.

Montague ’s poignant pOetry

dience was quite moved by the messages
received from his poetry. However, his oc-
cassional stuttering during his delivery
detracted from the quality of his work.

One member of the audience suggested
that the reading may have been more ef-
fective if it had taken place in a smaller
auditorium and without a microphone.
Despite these criticisms, Montaguc's
reading, on the whole, was a success. Mon-
tague will he lecturing in an English class
(Eng 515: Workshop in Poetry) here on
campus for the next two weeks. The
Writer's Institute is to be commended for
bringing major writer's like John Montague
to Albany. The presence of such writers
will enrich both the educational ex-
periences of SUNYA students and the en-
tire community. Iii

 

