 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS E] FRIDA Y, APRIL 19, [985

NEWS BRIEFS.

   

 

@ﬁgﬂi <1.

 

Intermarriage banned

Johannesburg, South Africa
(AP) Ghaleb Chacalia, a well-to-do
clothing manufacturer. and his wife Jo-
Anne, an artist. would be an attractive.
upwardly mobile couple anywhere in the
world except South Africa. Here they arr-
outlaws.

Cachalia, 28, is lndian. His wife. 25. it
wltitc. Since their marriage five years ago,
they have risked prosecution as criminals
under laws that ban sex and marriage bet-
ween members of different races.

The government’s announcement this
week that those laws will be scrapped was.
for sortie South Africans, a stunning blow
to the elaborate legal structure of segrega-
tion built by the white-minority National
Party since it came to power 37 years ago.
flat the Cachalias were less than
impressed.

"Why should we sit up and say thank
you. just because an unrepresentativc
government chooses to legitimize what the

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Understanding Jewish Prayer

 

 

world accepts as morally just?" Caehalia
said in an interview Wednesday. "What

about my passport? What about where out
child goes to school. where we can live. .

where l conduct my business? What about
the vote? The government's tinkering with
these little laws that affect very few people.
i see it as window-dressing for
Washington."

School VP snatched

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) George Saycgh. a Lebanese who is
the American University of Beirut’s acting
vice president for administrators. was kid-
napped from his home in mostly Moslcm
west Beirut overnight. the university said
Thursday.

The university said in a statement that a
group of gunmen broke into Sayegh’s
apartment in- the seaside IChouran
neighborhood shortly after midnight and
took him away. it did not say how many
gunmen were involved.

several hours after the attack, university
officials said they had not heard from the
abductors. and had no idea about the
motive.

 

Nationwide 

Reagan misses a cue

Washington, D. C.-

(AP) Onetime actor Ronald Reagan got his
cue wrong when he went on stage to thank
the performers at a White House ballet.
The president made just one mistake —-
te ballet wasn't over. American Ballet
Theater star Fernando Bujones had just
finished a spectacuar bit of solo dancing
Wednesday night and was acknowledging
applause when Reagan took his wife, Nan-
cy. by the arm and stepped onto the East

Room stage.

“We haven‘t finished yet," said
Bujones.

Contracting studied

Washington, DC.
(AP) Congressional momentum is building
for major changes in how defense contrac-
tors do business with the Pentagon amid
disclosures the Boeing Co. is sifting

 

 

through millions of dollars in old bills to
weed out political contributions and other
unallowable expenses. -

it was disclosed on Wednesday that Boe-
ing, citing negative publicity, pulled back'
all outstanding overhead charges for
review and withdrew at least $300,000 in
such bills. '

Many members of Congress are prepar-
ing legislation to address a wide array of
alleged abuses in the defense contracting
process. ‘

Statewide 
Sitters to dot help . "

New York

 

 

(AP) Columbia Univeisity students pro-’y

testing its tiesto South Africa began the
third week of their sit-in. protest Thursday
with a stepped-up effort to involve the out-
side community in their fight.

The students Coalition for a Free South
Africa accepted assistance Wednesday
from two outside groups —I- a ttnion
representing city employees and a loosely
knit group of alumni sympathetic with
their cause.

Teamsters Local 237 gave the coalition a
check for $1,000 and promised to-dellver
$100 a day for the duration of the protest.
The alumni promised to organize other
Columbia graduates to provide ﬁnancial
and professional help.

Cuomo studies 21

Albany, _N. Y.
(AP)‘As part of his drive to raise New
York’s alcoholic béverage age, Gov. Mario
Cuomo has asked a private attorney to
study South Dakota’s legal challenge of a
federal law that cuts highway aid to states
that don't go to 21.

Cuomo's chief spokesman, Martin
Steadman, confirmed Wednesday that a
well-known New York City attorney had
been asked to study the likelihood of
South Dakota winning the suit. The legal
work is being done for free. Steadlnan
said. but he refused to identify the
attorney.

A private attorney was picked instead of
a state attorney to review the lawsuit so
that the advice would be considered in-
dependent, Steadman said.

 

. «My. 5:“: sea.

Free listings

Fuerze Latina presents the
first annual Hispanic Feast on
Saturday. April 27, 1985, In the
Campus Center Ballroom from
9 pm. to 3 am. Call the Fuerza
Latina office at 457-8651.
Jawbone Reading Series con-
tinues in the Humanities
Lounge on Thursday. April 25,
from noon untIl i p.m., with
Michael Blitz and Jondl
Keane.

Real George's Backroom
television show will be shown
in the Rathskellar this and
every Wednesday night at 7
pm. on the large screen TV.
“Rich and Famous." a serious
comedy about the theater. will
be performed on Friday, April
26 and Saturday. April 27 at
the Junior College of Albany,
at 8 pm. Tickets are $3.00. For
reservations call 445-1725.

 

with Rabbi Chanowltz Is held
every Wednesday at 7:15 to 8
pm. In 00320. presented by
The Flame.

Solidarity Committee oi the
Capital District presents three
Iitms dealing with workers In
unions on Saturday,Aprl120 at
7 pm. at the Albany Labor
Temple, 890 Third Street,
Albany. Admission Is tree. .
The Educated Eye: Art Collec-
tlona irom SUNY Campuses
will be on exhibit through
September 2, 1985. The fourth
floor terrace gallery at the
New York State Museum has
brought over 400 art objects
from the 25 SUNY campuses.
The Flame presents “Uncover-
Ing the Myths Behind Jewish
Sexuality" with Matt Hollman
on Monday. April 22, 7:30-9
pm. In 00373.
International Celen-
Sympoeium will be held on
Tuesday, April 23. 9:30 em. to

 

5 p.m., and AprI124,10 am. to
5 pm. Sponsored by the
Department of Germanic
Languages.

Gay and Lesbian Awareness
Week begins on Monday, April
22. A keynote address will be
delivered from 8-10p.m. In the
Assembly Hall by Virginia
Apuzzo, ex-executlve director
of the National Gay Task
Force and Peter Drago. Gover-
nor Cuomo’s liaison to the
Gay and Lesbian community.
The Chosen will be shown on
Thursday, April 25 at 6 pm. In
the Education Building. Room
121. Admission ls lree.
Distinguished Lecturer Series
and the Department of
Mathematics and Statistics
present proleasor Andrzei
Hulanlckl ol Wroclaw Univer-
city. who will be giving his
third lecture on "Analysis on
Nllpotent Groups," In E8140
on April 22 at 4 pm.

Red Cross Bloodmoblle will

be at Brubacher Hall, Alumni
Quad from 1-7 p.m., in the
Ballroom. Sponsored by the
Downtown Dorms.

Minority Women and the
Criminal Justice System will
be discussed by Alice Green
of the American Civil Liberties
Union on April 25, at noon. In
the New York State Museum,
Concourse Level, In Meeting
Room C. Contact Deborah
Carter at 474-8739. Bring your
lunch.

West Side Story performances
will be sponsored by Indian
Quad Board on April 19 and 20
at 6 pm. and 10 p.m., respec-
tively. Tickets are $3.00 with a
tax sticker and $4.50 without.
The Dutch/AMIA Ed Kelly Run
will take place on Sunday.
April 21. Registration Is In the
Campus Center Lobby. Con-
tact Gary Base at 457-7621 for
more Inlormallon.

Dlearming Images continues
on Saturday, April 20 with per-

Iormance artist Paul Zaioom.
who will present his one-man
satire of modern living “The
Creature from Blue Zaioom"
at 2 pm. at the New York State
Museum.

Red Cross Bloodmobiie will
be held Thursday. April 25 In
the Dutch Quad Flagroom
from 10 am. to 4 p.m., epon-
sored by Dutch Quad.

The German Club to offering a
day trip to New; York City on
April 19 to‘the Met to see a
German Opera, “Berg's Lulu." ,
For more lnIormatlon call Son-
ja at 465-7621.

Close of 1980 will hold the
next council meeting on Sun-
day, April 21 In the 8A Lounge
at 8 pm.

Health Profession Studente A
representative Irom the Col-
umbla University School of
Dental and Oral Stirgery will
be on campus Tuesday, April
23. Those Interested should
contact Roz Burrlck in CUE.

 

 

 

 

1r

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

m: warm

David N. Rothbard u' the Unllcd
Sludenll of America Foundation:
"I think you'll In this you

n

FRIDAY. APRIL 19, [985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

T0 NYPIRG'S

\NDATllRY

Inset: Photo irom Chronicle of HIgherEducat/on, L “
oi Mike MoGlynn.

 

DAVE 18AM: UPS

David‘." “L " ‘2' .a ‘ ‘ . using the alias

ProfessiOnaTénti-PIRG organizer discovered
in masquerade 'as an Alumni Quad resident

By Doug Tuttle
STAN" WRITER

As Students Against Forced Funding (STAFF)
volunteers circulated flyers saying that they were “an-
noyed” by NYPIRG supporters who came to SUNYA
from other schools. David M. Rothbard. program direc-
tor of the Washington-based United Students of America
Foundation (USAF). was at SUNYA working with
STAFF, under an assumed identity.

Students Against Forced Funding chair Craig Rucker
confirmed that the person on campus was in fact
Rothbard, although a man identified himself as Rothbard
when reached by phone at the USAF office in
Washington, DC.

Approached outside of the Campus Center Thursday.
April 18 at approximately 11:30 a.m._. Rothbard iden-
tified'himselfas Mike McGlyn'n and said he was a junior
at SUNYA. - '

Rothbard, insisting he was McGlynn. couldn’t explain
his resemblance to a photograph of the USAF Program-
ming Director that appeared in the Chronicle of Higher
Education. He also denied that the initials D.R. on a ring
he was wearing stood for David Rothbard. The ring, he
said, belonged to his girlfriend. '

Rothbard maintained that USAF was not involved in
STAFF‘s fight against the funding system of the New
York Public interest Research Group (NYPIRG) on cam-
pus. saying that STAFF was “privately funded” by
SUNYA students and claimed that no one from USAF
was at SUNYA.

USAF is a non-profit group which has provided several
anti-PlRG groups with resources, according to the
Chronicle article accompanying Rothbard's picture. The
article added that USAF had received a $15,000 donation
from the self-proclaimed conservative Adolf Coors
Foundation.

Rothbard said that STAFF spent about $250 at
SUNYA. Part of the money was donated to STAFF's ef-
fort by College Republicans. according to Rucker. who
declined to give an exact figure ofthc money spent by the
group.

Moments later, Rothbard was seen leaving the podium
with Rucker. Approached again, Rothbard still claimed
to be McGlynn and said he lived in Pierce Hall on Alumni
Quad. He refused, however, to name his R.A. or any of
his neighbors in the dormitory.

As he walked in a light rain across the State Quad park-
ing lot towards Washington Avenue, Rothbard, no longer
wearing the 'ring with the initials D.R. on it. said he was
walking to Pierce Hall for lunch. He added that the walk
from State Quad to Pierce Hall would only take “fifteen
minutes."

Rothbard said he did know a person named John
Williams who lived in Pierce Hall. Alumni Quad staff
later said that there is no John Williams residing there.

Chris Christopher. College Republican chair and a
STAFF volunteer, confirmed that the person who iden-
tified himself as McGlynn was indeed Rothbard.
Christopher said of USAF. “their main objective is to
help people against NYPIRG."

Thursday afternoon, a person at USAF in Washington
identifiedvhimself over the phone as Rothbard. When told
that Rothbard had already been sighted at SUNYA. the
person replied. “you're going to have to take my work
for it,” adding, “I'm me and only me. idon‘t care what
you saw!“

Confronted with the apparent contradiction. Rucker
admittedthat McGlynn was in fact Rothbard. but said
that he had no previous knowledge of the attempted
deception, calling the situation “unfortunate.”

Rucker, who said he was "embarrassed" by
Rothbard’s lie, admitted asking Rothbard to come to
SUNYA in a “strictly advisory role." Ruckcr denied that
any USAF funds were used on campus.

Reached a second time at USAF in Washington. the
person who had previously identified himselfas Rothbard
continued to do so, even when told that Ruckcr had con-
flrtncd Rothbard’s presence in Albany.

“i don't see a need to clarify my remarks." the man
said, adding. “this person claiming to be David Rothbard
could be in the employ of NYPlRG," accusing NYPlRG

21>

 

/ 'i

 

Celebratore at Meyteet ‘84
"Mayfest is a very clean title.“

   

By Ilene Welnsteln
FDITDRIAL ASSISTANT

this year.

$10 for the second per tax sticker.

public and not fenced in.

 

‘distribution areas," according to Gralla. “Although

ASP “runs off 4,000
extra supplements
after issue vanishes

By Matt, Gaven
SIHI'I' ll RITER

The Albany Student Press almost wound up in Stu-
dent Association Supreme Court after several students
threatened to seek an injunction stopping the distribu-
tion of additional copies of the ASP's annual election
supplement. . ,

The 4,000 additional copies were reprints of Tues-
day's election supplement, which disappeared from all
distribution points at a suspiciously fast rate.

The threatened injunction was part of a protest rais-
‘cd by Steve Russo, campaign manager for presidential
candidate Mike Miller. Russo complained that the
ASPs being distributed in the Campus Center were
campaign material and therefore might sway voters.

Russo took his complaint to the assistant election
commissioner, Jody Hyman. who agreed to have the
ASP distributiuon bin moved. The bin has always been
located in the Campus Center lobby.

After a lengthy debate, with no resolution. Russo
stated he would consider contesting the election in SA
Supreme Court if the results were close.

"Steve Russo had no grounds for an injunction
against the ASP. said Heidi Gralla, editor in chief of
the ASP. “Russo's actions violated our First Amend-
ment rights. Aceording to the student press legal ser-
vices, we can distribute as many copies in any way we
want. regardless of the newspaper‘s content."

“Traditionally. in an SA election campaign in which
the ASP becomes involved with endorsement, there has
been a tendency for the issues containing election sup-
plements to be tampered with or removed from

this seems to be one of the largest turnouts for an SA
election, it seems improbany for all 10,000 issues of
the ASP to have been picked up so quickly."

When it was discovered there was the possibility that
many of the issues had not been seen by students,
managing editor Dean Chang phoned the ASP printers
and a reprint was arranged within an hour. Thursday
morning, at an additional cost of $250, the additional
election supplements were hand distributed to students
and slipped under dorm doors of each of the five
quads. "5‘ '

"We are investigating filihg a complaint with the
University administration and local authorities," said
Gralla. “We contacted a student press law service at-
torney and were informed that ifwe were to catch 50-
meone, we could sue for damages because the ASP is
our property."

The ASP's election supplement could have caused
anyone of the candidates or organizations involved in
the referendums to removed the issues from the
distribution areas, according to Gralla. “It is not possi-
ble to please everyone with the outcome of an
endorsement."

When asked whether she thought it odd that entire
issues vanished rather than just the election supple-
‘ment, Graila said. "if the issues were deliberately
removed. it would have been too conspicuous to
remove each individual supplement."

“We don't want to accuse anyone. We're just look-
ing at all the possibilities to see where we stand with
regard to legal remedies," she said.

In addition to the 4.000 reprinted election sup-
plements, the ASP will reprint its April sports supple-
Incnt which ran in the election issue. The sports supple-

 

 

 

ment will appear in next Tuesday's issue. is

 

University Concert Board (UCB) and members
of SUNYA's administration have teamed up in
order to restore tradition and bring the name
“Mayfest” back to the University‘s annual outdoor
spring concert,which will be held Saturday, May 4

Scheduled to appear are Todd Rundgren and
Utopia. the Tubes, and Otis Day and the "Animal
House" band: Tickets are $7 for the first ticket and

The name of the festival was changed to
“Celebration” in 1981 after campus grounds were
vandalized during the concert that year. Prior to
1981, the Mayfest concert was open to the general

According to Karen Fisher. President of UCll.
Celebration has run smoothly for the last three
years and members of UCD felt that bringing back
the original name would instill “some atmosphere .10!-

and a sense of tradition."

According to Edward Shoulkin, Vice President
of UCB, the name was originally changed to protect
the campus from too much publicity and to limit
the number of people who attended the event.

UCB members sent a proposal, to Director of
Campus Life James Doellefeld and Director of Stu-
dent Activities Jessica Casey asking for the name
change last September. A petition was also
distributed during this semester.

“The event is well under control and well
organized" this year. said Casey. Events will still be
run along the same guidelines used during the last
three years, she added.

The event "is more university-oriented" than it
was prior to 1981, said Casey. Only SUNYA
students may buy tickets and publicity will be
limited to the campus, she said, adding that the use
of fences would also continue.

"Mayfest is a very clean title and doesn‘t suggest

Rundgren, the Tubes to rock in Mayfest’sreturn

 

