\.

Some things just aren’t funny.
Arriving at SUNYA to find that you’re
one of four students living in room
designed for two, is not funny. Having
to move when more space is available
isn’t funny either. There is in fact,
nothing funny about spending the
beginning of college in an overcrowded
dorm room.

Whoever designed the button shown
above probably had good intentions,
but for those students suffering through
increased occupancy, it’s an insult.
Residential life couldn’t really believe
that by printing an old cliche on a
button they could alleviate the
situation.

Instead of facing the problem, the.
members of our administration reduced
themselves to the level of weak laughter
to cover up for their own lack of
foresight.

Resolutions
to keep

HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!

Even though it’s September and New
Year’s Day is still a few months away,
for those of us who eat, sleep, breathe,
and of course, drink by the academic
calendar, it’s the New Year.

So go out and celebrate. Throw a
wild party, check out the bars (some
have acquired a new look), or break
open a bottle of champagne.

Enjoy it: New Year’s only comes
twice a year when you’re a student, and
only once a year after you graduate.

But don’t run off to celebrate jut yet.
The New Year is also a time for
resolutions. You’ve probably already
promised yourself that you really will
get up for that 8:00 class, and this time
you won’t leave yourself, twelve
chapters to read the night before the
test. hell, maybe you’ll even do a little
research for your research paper.

Needless to say these are all excellent
plans. But let’s face it, we’ve all made
these same plans many times before.

Here’s a new idea. This time, make a
realistic resolution. Something simple
that you can really stick to without
changing yourself so much that it
becomes an impossible task.

And just think, at the end of the
semester. when you’re kicking yourself
for not getting all the class notes and
you've still got twelve chapters to read
for the final you’ll still be able to say
you accomplished something this
semester.

Five or ten years from now, those
twelve chapters you may or may not
have read, will probably be
meaningless. But the stories of your
New Year’s Party days will stay with
you and maybe, in some way, so will
that New Year’s resolution you made.

Now, go celebrate.

 

 

      

 

 

   

2?: ” Rabbi it

    

/

.. "7/
/,

   
 

/

 

.\\ 

William‘s

 

 

A brave new endeavor

It is entirely possible that sometime in the next year a
board of education or a parent's group, sweating with a
peculiar sense of “duty”, will summon the lovable janitor
Jones to whisk the school library's copy of
Slaughterhouse Five out to the dumpster. Perhaps they
will strike at a book titled (they rarely get past the title)
Make It With Mademoiselle which turns out not to be a
manual for seducing young women, but a sewing guide
published by “Mademoiselle” magazine; Textbooks that
emphasize Watergate and Vietnam are suspect and, hey,
maybe the story of Robin Hood is a dangerous advocate
of income redistribution.

[13mph Fusco 7

More often than not, these groups are of a conservative
or religious right bias. Their goal? At the expense of
clouding young minds and perverting the educational
ideal they strive to ensure that The Truth is being taught
in the American classroom. It is, of course, because good
books, good classes, and good teachers encourage critical
thought and discussion about society’s unsolved pro-
blems that censor's object. The result? A dramatic rise of
organized attempts at curriculum censorship over the last
ﬁve years. V

However, much of what we learned in school simply
reﬂected the American ideal uncritically. Mathematical
problems, for example, often contained references to
lemonade stands (free enterprise). Communism was a
dangerously purient curiousity. Vietnam was “unfor-
tunate.” After all, America is “amber waves of grain” —
so we were fed Wheatina.

This less obvious conspiracy was, well, not exactly a
conspiracy but rather the unspoken continuity and stabili-
ty that the community demanded.

No doubt some of the more eternally vigilant ears of
Middle America would pound painfully at hearing what is
taught in American universities.

 

 

But wait. An organization was recently formed to rid
college lecture halls. classrooms and seminars of “disin-
formation and misinformation.” Colleges and univer-
sities across America, sacred institutions of intellectual
pursuit, will soon be assaulted by the volunteers of Ae—
curacy in Academia (AIA). AIA, nurtured under the arm
of the conservative Accuracy in Media, has received sup-
port from various rightist groups like the Moral Majority
and Phyllis Schlafly's Eagle Forum.Thc president of
AIA, Malcolm Lawrence, is a conservative lobbyist and
author of a hair raising form letter called the “Parental
Consent Letter" that parent's can send to local school
boards stipulating that a parent must give his or her con-

sent before a school may teach a range of courses from
evolution to sexual attitudes and even world hunger.
While it is doubtful that AIA would amdit it, there is a
naked lunch at the end of the fork. College students must
be “saved” from any liberal pretensions, Marxist half-
nelsons. and professors with secret agendas and fake
postulations. In other words, toying with America’s
future to make it a society safe for the urges of right wing
fanaticism. -

The AIA will recruit students and senior citizens to take
or audit courses and send to AIA notes or tape recordings
of a professor's statements. AIA will evaluate the infor-
mation for “accuracy” and should it prove otherwise,
publicize the “errors” in campus newspapers or its own
newsletter. Reading lists will also be scrutinized for
"balance." .

The organization hopes to have at its disposal an ex-
panding conservative student movement including the
College Republicans and Students for a Better America as
well as 50 or more avowed conservative college
newspapers.

AIA will concentrate at first on state universities and
colleges because adults can audit courses for free and will
not stand out in larger classes.

At the very least, AIA's endeavor is quixotic since the
role of the teacher is to interpret and doubtless they will
be ﬂooded with complaints about particular interpreta-
tions. The validity of their conclusions could be as shaky
as the particular information that they are challenging.
AIA admits they won’t be able_to attack anyone’s inter-
pretations but it will ready its parched lips for flagrant
misstatements of fact. Worthwhile? Should the occas~
sional misstatement of fact occur, it certainly won’t be
major enough to quench the thirst of their red-baiting
ideology.

Anything or anyone with somewhat honorable political
ambitions should avoid intimate contact with AIA
because it embraces a pathetic and politically embarrass-
ing premise: You, my fellow Americans, do not have the
brains to trust and develop your own values.

It is an assault on an American ideal right wing fanatics
appear to be growing less and less tolerant of.

Like most other ﬂights of fancy in the Reagan-led right
wing movement it is impure with inconsistencies. A better
America by establishing a precedent for the censorship of
education? Freedom and happiness by controlling the
flow of information in academic pursuits? A brave new
endeavor indeed. C]

 

 

phone number for verification,

The ASP Welcomes letters from readers.

Items must include the author’s name and

 

 

W

i

 

 

 

 

1.
Call to 

To jibe Editor: ‘ ‘ . 1

Students are not only a part of their college, but of
their community and state as well. As such. we are af-
fected by the same consumer problems and environmen-
tal dangers as the larger community. If toxic chemicals
leak into the water supply, we have to drink themi if S’
corporation produces a dangerous product, we have to
use it. ‘ '

For these reasons, we need a voice to speak out for all
ofus-asawhole. ‘ . ‘ -

That voice can be found in the New York Public in-
terest Research Group: NYPIRG. '

NYPIRG is 'a student-run. statewide organization,
teaching us to speak up for our rights as students and as
citizens. Its 18 chapters across New York State make it
the largeSt organization of its kind within New York._ .

A major focus of NYPIRG's is education. It offers
students opportunities to learn the methods of effective
lobbying. public speaking, investigative research and per-
suasive writing; it teaches about the New York State
Legislature and how students can make it work for them.
The skills students can acquire through NYPIRG will re-
main with us the rest of our lives. l

NYPIRG's chapter at SUNYA is compsed of a full-

 

,time staff person, volunteers and student interns earning

academic credit for their work. New students {are always
welcome. ~ 5

For anyone wanting to learn more about NYPIRG (this
year’s [projects include, among others, women’s safety,
divestment of NYS pension funds from, South Africa,
legislation to help victims of toxic chemical exposure, and
the Higher Education Reauthorization Act), a General
Interest meeting is being held on September 19 at 7:30
p.m., in the Campus Center Assembly Hall. >

Go there - find out what you can do with NYPIRG,
and what NYPIRG can do for you.

‘ —Andrew Kanlor, NYPIRG

RZA’s' identity

To the Editor . .

This Wednesday, September ii at 7:30 p.m. in LCS the
Revisionist Zionist Alternative(RZA) will hold its annual
interest meeting. RZA is a_ student run educational Jewish
group which stands for Jewish pride, unity and strength.
As the threats facing the Jewish people increase, so does
the need for a strong Jewish identity. RZA seeks to foster

 

 

Estrbilrhod In mo
Heidi Jo Grille, Editor In Chill
Dun chang. John Kenn-n. Managing Edltarn

 

 

 

News Editors ................................................... ..Alloi-CIrnbors. JunuO’Bulllvsn
‘ ' ‘ ”ows “I'M “ , Wain-loin
Annun- mm I m L
Associate AaMto Editor ................................... ..isn Bpel ling, Robyn atoln
Music MIMI “mu-r E k
gm. Edﬂru- um 33mm, " -

 

 

gallium pg... nun... in-nnh 5".“
David LL. Luliln. Senior Editor

Contributing Editors Dun Butt. Wayne Poor-boom. Editorial Anal-unis:
Ken Dornolum. Bette Dumbs. Porn Bonn-term». David wortholm Bil"
writers: Donna Altman. Kmn Book, Rachel Brnlow. Lullc Chall, Doreen
Clerk, in Clements. Mike Dormonuiiy. Rani Ginsberg. Liu Jloltol, Blii
Jacobs, Study Kern, John Labels, Corey Levlinn. J. Mlohnei Melee, Michul
Bkolnink

Margie Menthol. Business Manager
Stephenie lohensui, Associate Burlnon Men-yer
Jaoirl Midlmlty. Advertising Manager

Dln Fleischer. Bllll Manager ‘

Mir-bi- “nth

0-" Porno

........................................... ..Frank Dillberto

Ink Colo. Rioh Llll. Advertising Produc-
. Phillip Hoover, D. Daryl Bill

en's-triad mm"..............
Advertising leis-r Kenn A
lion: Lin Blohlrr. Dillon Bill

     

Patriots aiennoil. Production Manager
Chris Col-men. Associate Production Manager
Chill Typoulilr........ ,..........................Joannlne Dianuzzo
Typists: Joan Christi , i Jooo . urn air-unar. Partruo: E. Pnlillo
Hoover, Judy Lawrence, Maura Moshm. Elton ﬁuvls. D. Dlrml ﬂint.
M.D.Thompson, Chsuiisun: Warren Nurwllz, Richard Btlcrldon

  

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Service. I liudlnl
rou .

chioi Pnoioorlphor. Kenny Kirsch UPS lililr Shari Albert. Marla Culilln. John
Curry, Lynn Droiiun. Hobart Honam-nn. Ezra Mauror. Chris Orslnl, Lion Elm-
mona, Erica aplsaol, How-rd Tygnr

Entire contents oopyrlahl ms Albany Student Pm- Oorponilon. III rigth
reserved.

The Albany Student Press In published Tuesdays and Fridays bntwaon
August and June by tho Alblny Student Press Corporation, on Independent
nnt~ior<proiii corporation.

Edited-Is are written by the Editor In Chill wlth members at Ihe,Edilor|Il
Board: policy In nuoiool to review by the Editori-i Board. Advertising policy
does nol nsccunilly roiiooi editorial policy.

Mailing Iddi. ‘
Albany student Pm . co :m
1400 Wunlngion Ave.

  

Albany. NY rm:
(BIO) «roses/um

 

 

the growth of this Identity while fighting for Jewish rights
on campus, in the community, and in Israel. As a Zionist
group. RZA has strong ties to Israel and aims to educate
the‘campus community of the truths behind the myths
and distortions presented by the press and people oppos-
ed to democracy. We feel a need to support Israel and to
awaken the Jewish people as to the undeniable impor-
tance of the continued development of Israel.

RZA holds open its membership to anyone who is seek-
ing common goals. We must continue the strength shown
at the rally of 500 SUNYA students against one of the
most anti-Semetic people to come into the spotlight in
America: Louis Farrakhan. RZA led the Jewish campus
community in the face of threat and will continue to do
so. For further information please contact me at
442-6501. Additionally, RZA will be at a campus center
table during the week of September 9 and will be visible
throughout the year at the helm of Jewish activism. RZA
stands for Jewish pride, strength and unity for a Jewish
future. Stand strong with us and be heard.

—Robin Berloff
President, RZA

Phone hang—ups

To the Editor:

With all of the time and money recently invested in
upgrading the SUNY phone system, the university seems
to be overlooking another major phone problem.

it's true that the am week of school is SUNYA social
highlight. But during thisngaia frenzy of new friends, old

friends, uniting. and reu ting. there is a gap in student

communication. “My phone’s not on yet so maybe I’ll
run into you someplace." is the absurd W
frustrated student is forced to use.

How can ambitious writer’s hear from the ASP to ﬁnd
out their writing assignment? How can fraternity brothers
or other groups get together to plan parties and events?
SUNYA facility admitted during the ﬁrst few days they
would like to coordinate student groups for events. This
is an obvious impossibility if the students are unable to
coordinate themselves. ‘

In addition, this is compounded with the familiar
scenario of State Quad phone lines. The white cards and
long lines cause tension before classes even begin. '

Shouldn't a university with such an advanced phone
system and such a precise computerized billing have an
alternative to this mayhem?

During the summer we can prepay food service, bus
service, and refrigerator rental. Why not our phone ser-
vice? Or maybe, the phone company can make it easier to
sign up for phones during hbusing week. Either of these,
or a similar solution, would make it possible to have im-
mediate phone service.

Whatever the remedy, the people behind our advanced
phone system should be able -to plan something in
advance. ‘ '

‘. —-Steven Heller

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

scope.

  

 

- The Albany Student Press. SUNYA’s only finan-
cially independent newspaper, has consistently
been rated a First Class college publication by
the National Scholastic Press Association.

News — The ASP’s coverage of campus and local
events is more detailed and concise than any other
university-centered publication. :

Sports — The ASP's coverage of the Great Danes
ensures that every SUNYA booster will be kept up
to date on every team. Also, the ASP's monthly
Sports. Magazine offers articles! with a broader

Aspects - The weekly arts and feature magazine
of the Albany Student Press  creativity and
cultural awareness to the university community.
Also appearing in’Aspects this semester will be
Gary ,Larso’n's The Far Side.

Ads — The ASP is SUNYA's biggest newspaper.
and advertiser's know it. So when they want to
reach you — about sales, specials. or interest
meetings — they use the ASP. Find out what's go-
in on around the city and the campus with the
adgs in the Asp.

 

 

 

 

 

