 

  

Poetry fro

azel wakes up at seven o'clock in the morning. tier Swiss cuckoo clock hasn't
H chirped. its metal pinecones are still a tew inches away from the basement of the
little colorful chalet with the moped-up electronic bird. Hazel finds her eye
glasses under her pillow and waits .1 few moments for her vision to return; Now that her
world is exactly as she tell it the night belore, fla/el makes her bed, irons her outfit and
goes into her private bathroom. it is a \lost'l-sl/L‘il room, pink and small, and'smelling'of
the dead woman that used it only a tew days ago. Ila/el brushes her dentures. She hasn't
worn them for three days. 'l'oilay they're serving porkchops and llazel knows how
well-done the cook makes them.

Good Morning

The lady before I iazel had a medicine chest llill ot vitamins. arthritis pills and aspirins.
'iheir expiration dates weren't for another six months, but lia/el couldn't cope with
having a dead woman's medicine bottles in her room. After filling the trash can halfway
with the dead woman's pills. Hazel closes the door to her vestibule and walks down the
hall with her dead husband's old-fashioned silver plated razor. She'll shave her legs
before breakfast while a nurse hovers near, towel and respirator in the same hand.

As she passes what used to be Mrs. O'Brien's dour, Hazel hears the chime of a cuckoo
clock. Strange, considering Mrs. O'Brien's body was moved out last week. And the
room was dismantled shortly after the funeral. True, this cuckoo doesn't sing like Mrs.
O'Brien's bird did. Hazel remembers the nurses unhinged the Swiss chalet from the wall
and wrapped the dusty house in gauze. Hazel had suggested a memorial for Mrs.
O’Brien and the nurses agreed. The heavy metal pinecones were taken from the clock
and used for ballast for the birdfeeder that was allowed to stay outside Mrs. O'Brien's
former window in her memory.

After her bath Hazel hurries to the breakfast room where she is sure to find a quiet
spot this early in the morning. Except for an old English lady the eating room is quiet.
The English lady is loudly sipping her tea while she waits for the sunshine to reach her
shoulders. The sun is still two tables away and coming through the only other window.
The English lady has survived everyone who has eaten at her table. Hazel is not afraid of
the challenge.

As Hazel takes her seat across from the loud sipper she is aware. once again. of
Bernie's memory. Her deceased husband haunts her mind at breakfast when she has to
remember his poorly knotted tie and greasestained sports section. if the Mets had won
he would kiss her. .

An old man, his eyes blurred by thick glasses. creeps into the dining room. After an
ancient woman moves out of his way, he picks up his pace and heads in a straight line to
Hazel.

"Good morning, ma'm." says the old man. "l'm Hank. how do you do? isn't this the
best morning ever?"

"i haven't been up long enough to tell.” says Hazel. "Once again. the orange juice isn't
freshly squeezed." The English lady tips her teacle back and.slurps.

"Does a good morning depend on orange juice?" Hank asks and then smoothes his
white moustache as if ironing it.

"Please, l'm reading the newspaper. ' says Hazel when Hank takes the third seat at the
table.

"i don't read the sports section." says Hank. "At least not when i want to talk to
someone." The English lady‘s eyebrows look like caterpillars on the top ot her cup. She
stares at the bottom of her bone china cup as if she were looking into a kaleidescope.

Hazel looks down at her tolded newspaper. its rubber band is still unbroken. "Do you
read the obituaries much? They're getting more interesting the more i get on."

"Why do you read about the dead?" says Hank as he turns around when another old
lady crosses the room. The con swings open the door and the room fills up with the
smell of eggs, toast and pork hops -— for the hearty eaters. The smell brings a smile to a
very thin woman whose bones press against her black skin like the spokes of a broken
umbrella. She moves into the sunlit room and sits at the table for cottagecheese eaters.

Hazel ignores Hank and opens the newspaper. She intuitively reaches the right page.
Before looking down she decides it's Hank's glasses that she doesn't like. They remind
her of the horn-rims that were buried with Bernie. ‘

You‘ll have to introduce me to your friends," says Hank as the table for four becomes
filled when a very small woman ---4 made as large as an empress in her silk robe >~
hovers around the table, then bends her knees and elbows and holds onto the table's
edge for the descent into the plastic chair.  l

"i don't know them well enough to introduce you to them," says Hazel.

Hank dusts off his shoulders as if his polished'dome would shed dandruff. "Ladies.
how do you do?" ' ‘

The English lady takes her face out of the teacup and lowers” her lips in such a manner
that it might be a frown. She and the empress wait out their existence, darting their eyes
to the kitchen and the other ladies.

"l’m Hank and this is Hazel." Hank leans forward. "Were we bothering you? l'm new
here and don't know the rules yet."

"Listen, here," says liazel as she fixes her eyes on Hank's right shoulder. "i came to
have a quiet breakfast. And so did these ladies. So, if you don't mind. would you look at
the sports section?"

Hank stops brushing his shoulders. The other ladies at the table mumble to
themselves. in the bright sunlight, their faces have the appearance of dropped fruit.
Their dlaphanous cheeks show shadows. declivities and decay beneath. Only their high
cheekbones speak of firmness. Hank's ruddier than usual complexion matches the red
kimono of the empress of the table. Only a tiny woman, her pouting red lips overpower
her face.

m the .

 
   

nvisi‘

Hazel smiles at everyone. "l’m sorry for my outburst, ladies." She looks to the kitchen
for relief. ' "

“Am i the only' man?" Hanks takes a quick glance at 'the room and adeep breath of.

perfume. “i guess i am." ’ . '- _ » ‘
"Why did you come here?" says Hazel. The other “'oi1ien"at the table» stop 'what
they're doing and suddenly take great interest in Hank. As if only now they realized
that he was a man. ' ' '
Hank notices that all three women have wedding rings on their fingers. Hank’s hand
has black hairs across the fingers. “ ' " '

April 26

16

"it's been a very unusual 111‘orning," says the English lady, breaking her silence as she

slips her teacup into the depression of her saucer. "l wasn't expecting a man after Mrs.

O'Brien," ' " .   1 K , ' ‘
Hazel places the sports section on Hank’s empty metal platedHanks‘picks,  up and

presses a picture of a save at first base against his face. "l can’tell you smell very'goo'd/v'

says Hank. . ' i ‘ " j " '
"Aren't men terrible, even the older ones?" says the English lady. ;

Hazel's face cake can not conceal the natural blush in her cheeks. 3"Mrs. O'Brien‘

wasn't such bad company after all," admits Hazel.  1

"Even if she was lrish," concurs the English lady, her complexion blossoming not'with
painted flowers but broken blood vessels. ' "

“l'm sorry that Mrs. O'Brien had to die so i could get into this rest home." says Hank,

"May she rest in peace.” utters the tiny woman in the Japanese bathrobe. "She didn’t
rest here."

"Finally." says Hazel when the cook comes to the table with their breakfasts. One for
each woman; but not one for Hank.

"Why don't you share my eggsT' says Hazel. Before Hank can say no, Hazel slips half
of her breakfast across the table and onto his tin. The English lady notices but doesn’t
raise her eyebrows this time. ' ‘

Hank opens the sports section and reads. Hazel smiles as she pats his well-worn sleeve
with a plump handuthe one without a wedding ring. "Eat, because you know We never
gone out with a skinny guy."

All the ladies at the table laugh as if they were sisters sharing a joke. C]

by David Waggoner

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Every day
We go. out
into the world
Where we once belonged
(but now we are shunned)
And play at queer bashing
(We play the queers)

Not always bruises
Or cracked ribs
No--more subtly

They play the game:

“Heyt Wanna hear a great fag joke?" 
“And, you know, my roommate...i think she's a dike!”
"What a iezzie, my God!"

“Was your mother dominant or was your father just too permissive?"

"You’re. too pretty to bé'a dike!"
"What a wasiei’tﬁ‘ ' "
"All you need is one good man..."

s

"i'm sorry, but the job's been taken."

.Tiny bruises
To the ego--
Quick stabs
in the heart.
Sometimes...
i think real bruises.
‘ would hurt less.

by Tamara Richman

 
   
   

A-pecrs s:

     

 
 

invisible Population." Throughout history, the gay community has been
, practically invisible. invisible --but not nonexistent. Approximately ten
percent of the population is gay. We as gay people cannot afford to remain
invisible any longer. We are a diverse group, made up of both sexes and from
all races and all socioeconomic classes. We have a variety of interests, as our
.lives do not just revolve around our sexuality. The purpose of this centerfold is
to give us a chance to share with both straights and gays some of our thoughts
in the form of photograph y, artwork, poetry and fiction.

You might be wondering why this centerfold is titled "Poetry from the

  

    
  

 

   
 
 

I

_ ’i, '1’“

z- .‘ “1/
mi];;.;.mﬂ~’-”

 
  
    

Again In Venice

We arrive at the Jewel for sunset.
in the hot piazza, slurping ice cones,
Violins play for us, but the guitarist frets.

by 0.5.4.

l smell the burning hairs of instruments.
The singer's gold tooth glitters like a dome
And l'm feeling young among our monuments.

We kiss. But you're shivering like fishing nets
That wave above the young gondoliers going home.
Their voices hoarse for lovers. How i forget

My own ardor for love afar is never’spent
in this city, built on waves and not on loam.
The past will rise 'up: the cursed, in love, went

Across this bridge, my love. Sighing, necks bent, M
Their kisses sealed their prison; their passion-«stone.
The hangman couldn't snap them; their chorus they kept.

Our favorite stones once brightened our look at death. '1
Hear the echo of your old laughter? The waves everafter roam:

Reflecting, returning, floating, churning your regrets.

You shiver: Are you so cold at sunset?

by David Waggoner
I -
l You asked me Q
l Why i had to be so open-
; Why did i need to fight
' For my rights anyway?
’ Nobody would bother us queers
if we'd just shut up
And hide.

 

To My Father

   
     

' Conn-nor

 
 
 

’You said that to me-
t Your own daughter!
[ l trusted you

 

 

in father cancer found "green pastures '
And took to grazing upon his slopes
The lower meadow no longer cultivated
The stanchions in the barn stood open

Land laid wasting beneath blue thistle

Moist green meadows gave way' to dry brown

Milk pail clatter replaced by bed pan
A final harvest in the making

Firewood spent for an ‘oak casket
Tears the only rain that Fall
A yielding earth laid open one last time

 

by Marvin

Father’s dry brown pasture plowed under.

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 

And you just patted me on my head
And said "don't worry-

. You'll grow out of it."

t

, >  Grow out of iti
,1; :K‘Q it:s not a stage-
18 its my life-
lt‘s me.
i can't grow out of me.

 

When you kissed me

Goodbye

i saw ,
That i hadn't even scratched

Your hard surface.

You left

Without understanding me

Or wanting to.

it was then

That i saw

You never would.
Day
Daddy.

i hate to say this

But...

it doesn't matter. A

by Tamara Richman

 

