 

EDITORIAL
Clearing
the air

This is a very important warning. There's a
group of students circulating the campus with
misleading propaganda. Their arguments appear
to be sound, but are basically a distortion of the
facts, coupled with an occasional outright lie. This
group is a threat to student power, and, behind all
the rhetoric, they ultimately seek an end to the
diversity of organizations and programming on
this campus. They go by the name of Students
Against Forced Funding, but evidence shows they
are against much more than that.

Their immediate target is the New York Public
interest Research Group, a student-run organiza-

 

higher education issues. Currently, six dollars out
every student’s $99 per year mandatory activity
fee goes to NYPlRG. Every two years, SUNYA
students vote on a referendum on whether to con-
tinue funding NYPlRG.

STAFF claims its oppostion to NYPIRG is bas-
ed solely on the issue of how it's funded. it’s un—
fair, they say, that “NYPIRG takes six dollars of
your money every year whether you you agree
with them or not,” and receives “mandatory
payments to their organization rather than give
you the choice of funding them.”

Actually, you'll get that very choice next week
when you vote on their referendum. And two
years from now, SUNYA students will be given
that choice again. The only other campus
organizations that offer us this much direct con-
trol over their fees are The Student Association of
the State University and the United States Student
Association. The budgets of all other SA groups
are determined by various SA officials and
committees.

it is true that some students who might not
agree with every issue NYPiRG works on are pay-
ing the fee. but that's no different from other
groups funded by the mandatory student activity
fee, such as the Puerto Rican independence Stu-
dent Association, which received a budget two
years ago, even though not every student agreed
with the group’s political views. it's a main pur-
pose of the mandatory fee to fund a wide range of
groups, providing the campus with a variety of
programs and events.

While ending the so-called forced funding of
NYPIRG may be STAFF’s immediate target, it is
not the principle of mandatory fees that STAFF is
really ﬁghting. Behind the clever packaging that
makes them sound like liberal upholders of free
choice is a conservative ideology that wants
nothing lessthan to wipe out the entire mandatory
fee system because it funds progressive groups
such as NYPlRG. .

There's nothing wrong with conservative at-
tacks on NYPlRG, but they should address the
issues NYPiRG works on. STAFF has chosen to
hide behind a phony funding principle that can
only be justiﬁed through superﬁcial explanations
or by distorting the facts . -

One leaﬂet, for example, tells us that if we
defeat NYPIRG we can get our 36 back. This is
simply untrue. The money would be reallocated by
SA.

Another poster says we that if we vote no the fee
would become voluntary.'This would be nice. but
NYPiRG would not be able to stay on campus if
the fee became voluntary. it cannot survive on a
voluntary fee, because it needs the security of
guaranteed funding that this referendum provides.

STAFF also argues that NYPiRG works on
issues that don't directly concern students. What
they don't tell you is that all of NYPlRG's issues
are selected by state board made up of entirely of
student delegates elected on each campus. '

In the next few days you will, no doubt, be hear-
ing from STAFF. Consider their position craeful-
ly. if we lose NYPiRG now. STAFF will be back.
telling us that the whole $99 activity fee is another
example of forced funding. Once you've lost the
mandatory activity fee, you lose the funding for
the social. cultural and educational groups that
make this campus as diverse as it is. You also crip-
ple SA's power base - it‘s budget - and with that.
cripple any student activism on Albany's campus.

You've been warned.

 

 

 

 

tion that works on environmental, consumer, and .

 

 

 

  

 

 

count AFRlCNi RULES:
ill iiiEGRCLEME‘ﬁ FREE.
OUT HERE. HE'S WAD.

 

   

W
o<

ﬁlith

College Press Service

 

 

 

 

Look what I found!

contraceptives
inaccessabie
screwing the students

. . Welcome to the Campus Center. . .
. . Today is Fri.. Apr. 12. . .
. . And the time is 2:23. . .
. . Don't miss the fun. . .
. On Thurs., Apr. 11. . . ~

. . The class of '87 & ’88 bring you.“Dance Party. . .

2:24
Just painted

i respect people‘s
rights to freedom of choice—-
however. do it somewhere else

that means you. '

just painted

if the door is
Locked. just push
This button and the
DJ will let you in
As soon as possible

Expresst

for

not

promoting

tooth

decay use of this product may be hazardous to your
health this product contains saccharine which has been
determined to cause cancer in laboratory animals

Buck,

You're such a bed~hogl
I only have to take that
from lovers

not from friends

When

are we off to rio

Diner's Choice m
Orange Pekoe

& Pekoe Cut
Black Tea

New!

Pearl

Drops Smokers

Toothpaste

Helps remove tobacco stains
While refreshing breath close
cover before striking

Fabulous Wildlife Stamp Collection

_ Exciting panorama of

45 colorful animal stamps from

20 different countries. All are

genuine postage stamps. Thrill to
elephants rampaging through a

sea of grass. A

bull gorilla lumbers out of a

rain forest before your eyes. See a.

doe nuzzling her fawn. Marvel at
wolves andieopards on the prowl. Get these ,
and many other

fantastic wild animal stamps FREE with

coupon inside. .. ~ , _;_.I 7.

'\

Westbury
amusement
5

coupons
POKERiNO
national ticket co. shamokin pa.

apparent
apparant

Dean Betz - 10
Florence Nightingale ~ 1
Walnut - 1

SPERM ANTIBODIES: An auto-immune Response
1. Alexander, N..i., Wilson. 8.].

Dean. 6.. and Patterson. B.S.

Vasectomy: -

immunologic effects on rhesus monkeys and men.
Fertil. & Steril.. 25:149. 1974

Crisp

Delicious

Pop

Corn

Made in U.S.A.

Net volume 122 cu. in.
Reorder by 4 t/c

LASP
2.LlT
3.RUS—
4.HlS?
5.2 2 DAY

0 SUNYA pis on thee

sweet land of misery

of thee i cringe

Land where our brain cells died
Land of the business pride
from every tower top

Let students be

CWeIctcd and transclbed as indivlam;racing-ll”):BEE;l
Lll-‘lkln. Senior Editor of the Albany Student Press."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A few who cared
To the Editor: ' _

in my three and one-half years at SUNY i have never
felt more of a need to Speak out against student apathy.
Student Apathy has always been present (despite brief
reprieves at basketball ﬁnals) and at a time when students
were asked to help in something more important than im-
proving their own self-image they fell ﬂat on their faces. 1
am speaking of the efforts put forth to find evidence
leading to the location of Karen Wilson. Let me preface
my attack by saying that many students did truly want to
help in any capacity they could. They were concerned in-
dividuals putting their own problems aside to help.
Whether it was putting up a poster or helping in the cam-
pus search, they were there at a time when they were need-
cd. These people should be applauded for their efforts;
for simply caring for another individual. Unfortunately,
these students are in the minority.

l sat on the dinner line on Colonial Quad Wednesday,
April 10th, attempting to persuade people to join in the
campus search. The many “concerned” students passed
me by, ignoring, even laughing. at what i had to say. One
student had the audacity to ask me if there was “a prize if
we found her.” i was furious to say the least, and took to
yelling and, some may say, harrassing some of the
students. This may be true but it was obvious to me that
not many students seemed to take an interest until they
were shown that they should take an interest. Even so. the
amount of students who signed up to help was approx-
imately one out of eight. Granted, many students had ext
ams and many had classes; but the opportunity was there
for students to come anytime between the hours of 10
em. and l p.m., to stay for as long as they could. of
course, i could be mistaken but i don’t see how the other
1100 students on Colonial quad couldn't take the time out
to help for at least an hour in something as important as
this. i can't believe the students are so unconcerned.
Some, as i said, have valid excuses, an exam, is class. but
when the class ends. why not help out instead of going
back to their rooms to watch Wheel of Fortune?

Up to this point i have spoken of Colonial Quad only.

  

t
‘- Ellcblllhod In “ll
Hold Jo Grille. Editor In Chill ‘
Dun Chang, John Koonut, Managing Editon

   

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

“I” "W" ‘" ' James O‘Bulilven
Associate Mom Edtlor

ASP-etc Editor! ......... ..
Alloclolo ASPocto Editor. 

’ Ian-h. mm... I... 5mm"
Music Edllcro .................................................... ..Donlol Barth. Michelle Knit,
Sports Editor “no rm‘ln'
Annotate Sports can: ......................................................... ..Kri|tlne Senor

Jerry cm David LL. uncut. Senior Edllon

‘ Contributing Editoro Jon-oh Fuloo, Wayne Poor-boom, ,iudy Torcl
Editorlol Mel-lento: Ken Mouton, Boll- Dzunho. Cathy Eula. Erie Hindin.
Ilano Wolnntcln, Dovld Wortholm Moll M We Abrnhcmor. Donna
Altman, Rachel mallow. helical-It, JohnnaCloncy. Do it Gina. Jacquie
Clerk, lcn Clemente. Chad“ Goon. Beth Flnnoran. Boo tion on. Lino Jacket.
Mcddi Kurt, Donn- rams-rt Mullah-r. J. Mlohocl Mcioc, Christine Roi-
iott. Pam achuctormon, ﬂoh Sheridan, Mlchnol Skolnlck. 8900M Editor:
W . '

 

 

 

Bronco Schooner Ito" M Gary P
M Mela.“ M
Lynn Inn-Io. to Mince. Mm"
Inn lop-It. Manning "mean
no labor, salon Manager

mm A l ..

" , Port-n
'“ i "no. M'.
mm Solon: Kenn Amour. Do'n'Flcichor. Marc Hobcrrnnn, Rich Litl.
Ml! TorIl. Adm Llco mm. Donlso Calm, Torou

ermotl, Joold Mldlonky, Amy Pooomy.
hector, Undo Maude. Marjorie Roun-
lhll. Biophcnlc mow

More I. loin. Potlclo Chorale. Promotion Managua
c Got-um. Moocloio Producth Manager
Chi-l Typeumr  ................................. ........... ..Lonooy Noymcn
l‘yplllc: Debora Adolmonn, Jeannine Dlonum, Bush Enlond. Curio 8n ,
’Im Btrnubcr. Putnam: E. Philin Hoover. Judy Lawrence, Mour- Mesh-m.
Ellen Rcovls. 0. barrel out. u.D.Thompcon. Otto-literati: Wamn Humltz.
Richard Sheridm

Photography'prlneipclly smiled by University Photo Service. a student
mum

Chill Photographer: Eric- aplooci UPS Ito": Sheri Albert. Amy Cohen. Marlo
Culllncn. John Curry. Lynn Drolluc, Clndy Gllwcy. Adorn Gin-berg. Robert
Hui-mum, David moo. Kenny Kirsch. Room Lackey. Em Mourcr, Mutt
Modlovlill. Chris Orllnl, Llu Simmonl. Robert Boucy. David stuck, Howard
Tyacr

Entire contents copyright ‘0“ My lludcnt Prol- Corporation. all rights
reserved.

The Albany Bludonl Fun In published Tuesdays Ind Fridays between
Alltlult and June by the Albany student Prcu Corporation. an independent
nolvlor-prolll corporation.

Edilorloll are written by the Editor In Gnlcl with member: at in. Editorial
50"“: PDNOY ll Illblocl to minor by the Editorial Bonrd. Advertising policy
does no! necessarin roiloct editorial policy.

Mollln Iddrou: .
Albany Student Pmcl. co can

(ﬁll) «Imam/mo

 

 

 

 is for you

This is because the support given by the other three quads
combined could not equal the "marvelous" support given
by Colonial. For only 50 people to sign up on Dutch. 60
on indian, and 40 on State is outrageous. These ﬁgures
come from a total count of approximately 1300 students
on each quad. Where are people’s priorities? Do they
really care so little?

To the students: i suppose the disappearance of a
fellow student isn’t enough to cause much of a stir. After
all, it doesn't involve you, so why should you care? So if
you’ve taken the time to read this in between commercial
breaks and you still dont care, go back to watching T.V.

’_ Maybe you'll be able to catch a glimpse of the concerned
students doing something about Karen’s disappearance.
But —- make sure you look closely —— it’s not too easy to
see a group so relatively small in number.

, ——Martin Mnidenberg
Note: To those who did show up to aid in the search for
Karen Wilson, all involved wish to extend a heartfelt
thanks for your concern and understanding of the
seriousness of the situation at hand.

Safe when out?

To the Editor:

With the recent disappearance of Karen Wilson we,
along with several of our classmates. are having serious
thoughts concerning the safety of the students and the ef-
fectiveness of our Campus Police.

All too often we see the Campus Police patrolling in
their cars catching those who violate the trafﬁc laws. but
rarely are they seen on the podium protecting the
students. Granted there is the student organization
“Don’t Walk Alone.” but this does not protect the ma-
jority'of the students on this campus.

Many students feel they will be safe walking from the
library to their quad or to the bus; it is not that far and we
should not have to live in constant paranoia. There are
supposed to be police on duty at all times, not just to
catch the trafﬁc violators and to give parking tickets or
,break up civil disagreements in dorms. but to patrol on
foot the podium, and the remainder of the campus, to
prevent crime situations and ensure a safe campus. it is in
these areas that they are most needed and could serve the
campus community to its best advantage.

We are not proposing to turn our campus into a guard-
ed prisdn or to place it in a state of constant paranoia, but
the, fact is that this campus is not adequately protected,
and police manpower should be distributed to areas of
highest priority, mainly the protection of the campds
community.
’ --Mary Durosko
—Meryl Schwartz

To the Editor:

We must write on this accession to inform students of
an important issue coming up within the next week. On
Wednesday and Thursday, April 17 and 18, 1985, Student
Association will be holding their Spring Elections. with
this event comes all the hoopla of campaigns for can-
didates, but there is c more important question to be
voted on. The Mandatory Student Activity Feel
v Referendum No. i must be voted on every four years
by students on every SUNY campus to decide on whether
or not they wish to have the Activity Fee mandatory or
voluntary. Since 1968. at the time of the creation of the
mandatory fee, students at SUNYA have overwhelmingly
voted to pay a mandatory fee at the time of registration.
Currently, students pay a $49.50/semester fee to fund a

. whole host of groups and programs.

With this stable funding mechanism, the Student
Association is able to budget (on a yearly basis) for all of
the different activities. Without it, there would be uncer-
tainty in funding and SA could not fund over 90 groups
and services. As a part of the fee, each taxpaying student
receives a tax sticker which gets you a discount on
everything from movies and parties to Mayfest. the Con-
tact Offlce. Legal Services, and other SA funded
activities. 5

All of these funded activities provide students with
many opportunities that they might not ordinarily have at
the campus. Without many of the clubs like WCDB.
AMiA, and WiRA. Athletics and the Quad Boards. life
would just be a trek to class and dinner every day. You
just don't study 24 hours a day, but need to expand your
learning to outside thc classrooms. interaction with
others during activities helps you grow as a person, gain~
ing valuable experience which could help you later in life
(at a job or in graduate school). The benefits of funded
activities, services and programs with a mandatory fee are
endless.

Without the fee, we wouldn't have:

WCDB 91 FM Music. News and Sports

Concert Board and Mayfest

Speaker's Forum and Parents’ Weekend

Quad Boards and Off Campus Association (1 to 1 Day.

Two to Two Day. Party in the Park, Quad Stock. and
Dorm Party Night)

Free Legal Services

Discount Xeroxing and Greyhound Bus Tickets at the
Contact Ofﬁce

lntramurals AMiAand WiRA

The Great Danes Football, Basketball, Lacrosse, Gym—
nastics, Baseball and other teams

Cultural Groups. Academic Clubs, Athletic Clubs, and
other funded groups

Dippikill

Student Association fighting for your rights!
Alcohol Policy
Don‘t Walk Alone Escort Service
Voting Rights
Judicial Board Revisions
Tuition Hikes
Financial Aid Cuts
Stop 21 Drinking Age

it's all up to you!

Vote for the Mandatory Activity Fee! it’s working for
you. '

Vote on April 17 and 18.

—Rieh Schaffer
.SA President
—‘iuzy Auletta
SA Vice President

Aborted truth

To the Editor:

1 wish to reply to the editorial ‘ Shyster Tric..s" (ASP
Tuesday, March 5. 1985) which was completely
erroneous.

First abortions on the average in Albany cost around
$400.00 in doctor’s offices. At least four Albany doctors
perform abortions for between $200-$250. Many doctors
who regularly charge between. four and fi.e hundred \.ill
charge less for those who cannot pay this amount,
especial'/ if it’s a referral from Planned Parenthood or
the SUNY inﬁrmary. it is true that Albany Medical
Center does charge $700 but it 'does not lack for clients
because it accepts Medicaid which will cover the entire
cost of elective abortions. The SLNY health .nsurance
policy will pay $125 towards the cost of an abortion and
many other health insurance policies will pay more. Plan-
ned Parenthood's own research institute has published
the fact that the city of Albany ranks ﬁfth in the country
in the proportion of doctors who perform abortions to
the number of fertile women.

in regard to the transportation problem, in a public
hearing in November and in Planned Parenthood’s own
application the fact of the health difﬁculties and discom-
fort in traveling from Schenectady to Albany after an
abortion was never mentioned. Obviously Planned
Parenthood itself did not believe that travel site. an abor-
tion causes health problems or discomfort.

The editorial’s claim that without the clinic women will
be more likely to self-abort is unsubstantiated. To 'the
best of my knowledge there has not been a death or “‘ir-
repairable damage" from self-abortion in Albany since
before abortion has legalized. Why should women be any
more likely to self-abort now than in the past? it is clear
that women in Albany have found ways to have abortions
without resorting to self~abortion.

As far as “others who have no choice but to bring an
unwanted child into the world" is concerned. an un-
wanted p.egnancy does not necessarily mean. an un-
wanted child. Eight separate studies have shown that the
same percentage of wanted and unwanted pregnancies
were wanted after birth. i fa child is unwanted. adoption
is the perfect solution. The reason that it is such a dif-
ficult solution is that feelings toward the fetus change as
the pregnancy progresses. By birth, most unwan.cd
pregnancies become loved babies.

There is also no evidence that unwanted pregnancies
lead to child abuse. A respected study with a sample of
over 400 showed that 91 percent of abused children were
planned pregnancies. The study used not only self report
but various corroborating indicators sucl. as .he
likelihood of wearing maternity clothes earlier and the
likelihood of the child having the parents’ first name.
There has been no study to my knowledge to contradict
this finding. 7

The Catholic church actually lost its standing in front
of the court: it was two pritute individuals that fought
and won the suit. As a Jew l resent this attack upon the
Catholic church. 1 know from first hand experience that
the Catholic church cares very deeply about women in
crisis' pregnancies and spends thousands of dollars in
maternity shelters. counseling, foster homes, arranging
subsidizeu day care, Medicaid, food stamps, Welfare, job
training. etc. , and in providing pro-natal care and delivery
services without regard for ability to pay. Does Planned
Parenthood do the same?

7 Sharon Long

 

