29 Elecﬂons'

'- t. g. .s. «I. “I. I’LL-hr .4», .tu ,3 ,, ..

 

  
    
 

 

 

Student Association is made up of an ex-
ecutive branch. a legislative branch called

with a system of checks and balances.
similar to the US. government.

There are 33 members elected to Central
Council: Four representatives from each
quad. three ofwhich are elected in the spr-
ing; and 13 off-campus representatives. 9
of which are elected in the spring. The ad-
ditional Council members are elected in
fall bi-elections. ‘

Council is divided into six committees:

Finance, Academics. intercollegiate
Athletics. Student Action, and Student
Community. Every Council member sits
on at least one committee; any interested
student can join. The committees work on
a variety of projects and draft legislation
which Council votes on every Wednesday
night. The SA President and Vice Presi-
dent can submit legislation and make mo-
tions. but they can’t vote on bills.
The executive branch is comprised of six
positions: the President. Vice President.
Controller. Programming Director.
Minority Affairs Coordinator. and Media
Director.

 

Central Council, and a judicial branch.

What is SA? '-

SA operates as an actual governmental
body with the right to tax its citizens and
then allocate the money in a budget that
comes close to a million dollars.

Each year we are taxed a $99 mandatory
student activity fee. Every four years. in-
cluding this one. we can vote on whether to
continue this. About half ofthe fee goes to
funding intercollegiate athletics. The other
half of the fee funds more than 90 campus
groups such as Speaker’s Forum and quad
boards.

The annual budgetary process begins
early in the spring semester when a budget
committee. comprised of interested
students including some not active in SA,
is appointed. The committee reviews all
budget applications from all the SA groups
and sends a proposed budget to the SA
President who then reviews it. makes any
changes he or she wants. and then sends it
to Council. Once it has been reviewed and
approved by Council, it must be approved
by the SA President and the University
President.

if you have more questions about how
SA works, call them at 457-8087 or stop by
CC 116.

FrOm the editOr

Eight students are running for
president or vicewpresident this
year. That’s great for SA involve-
ment; that’s also 12—15 hours of
hearings for the ASP endorsement
board.

This year’s presidential endorse-
ment board consisted of Editor-in-
Chief Heidi Gralla, Managing
Editors Dean Chang and John
Keenan, Business Manager Chris
Binghi. News Editor Jim
O’Sullivan. and Associate News
Editor Shelley Busher. The vice-
presidential board was the same ex-
cept News Editor Alicia Cimbora
sat on the Board. instead of Dean
Chang.

Candidates were each given an
hour and half to two hours, during
which we grilled them on issues
ranging from the grouper law. to
non-alcoholic programming. to
women’s safety, to the “W”

policy. The write-ups only includea

small portion of what we learned' ’

about each candidate.

To offer you some additional in-
formation about the candidates we
tried something new- this year. in-
stead of printing. brief statements
from the candidates we’ve devoted
a whole centerfold to printing their
responses to specific questions. It
was a tremendous job to lay out.
but we’re hoping it provides a good
basis for comparison. separate
from our evaluations. _

One final note — we’d like to
commend Patty Salkin on an ex-
,cellent job as Programming Direc:
tor this year. When the subject of
programming came upduring the
hearings, without exception, every-
single candidate had praise for her.
We do too. '

 

 

Gawley

<1
weekend at Dippikili. He suggests follow-
ing that up by asking each student senator
to be personally responsible for lobbying
two assigned :Idtninistt':-'ors throughout
the year.

in SA’s executive branch. Gawley sug-
gested the creation of an Executive
research office with a fully stipended direc-
t-ir. This offiCt- \‘ouid provi lc different
SA officials with i .l‘ormation necessary to
lobby both the university and city
asdministrators.

Gawley ad‘ ocated an e* panded role for

SA's tncdia director. explaining that he or
she shottld be running a Pttbiic Relations
office for SA. Posters. press releases. and
press conferences were some of the pro-
jects he’d want his media director to focus
on.

The main weaknesses we found in
Gawley were in his programming ideas and
committmcnt to womens' safety. While he
praised Don't Walk Alone and stressed the
need for more self-defense workshops. it
Iidn‘t sectn :tll that impr vrtant to him.

He had a few programming ideas but
that too seemed to get a very low priority.
This is where we feel Abelow‘s strength as
an innovative program initiator will com-

plement Gawley perfectly. and may ease
ome of the tension that has developed bet~
ween the offices in the past.

For the past few years, SA has fought
mostly through administrative channels.
with little-to back themselves up. Gawley
isn't'likely to go that route; he's prepared
'0 exercise a little force. He explained his
strategy, citing a quote he likes. “it's not
whether you have the right to make us
miserable. but whether it’s in your best in-
terest to make us happy.” Or, in Gawley’s
own words. “if you went to see an ad-
ministrator and you could deliver student
power ~— in numbers — they’d listen."

i

 

‘ Moneymatic machines) with your current

me . ——.__.
Guidelines to voting In the

SA elections

How to vote: check the top left corner’

on the back of your 1D. card to make sure

you havea tax sticker. lfyou don't. just go

to the SA Contact Office (near the

orange program card to prove that you are
a full-time student.

Once you’ve got this sticker. cast your
ballot in the flag room of the quad you
plan to live on next year or the Campus
Center lobby if you’re moving off. if
you're going to be living on Alumni vote in
the Alden/Waterbury or Brubacher
cafeterias.

 

 

All photography by John Curry. UPS

 

 

 

 

 

ED KELLY RUN

Sponsored by
Dutch Quad

HMIH
“‘m Lite Beer" ' '
Ed Kelly Memorial Fund

 

 

m.—

j

 

 

lo.25 Cross Country Run

Emit]... @E’DRUE 2th. i199
RAINQA SHINE
12 NOON

Registraiion: Campus Center Lobby
11 am - 3

 

Apri 15-19

or
April 21 10 am Physical Ed. Bldg.
.Entryjmizznrson

Proceeds donated to:
Ed Kelly Memorial Fund

 

pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HHEHHEULUEY
FIELD SEHDDL

in THE mﬂHHWK VHLLEY
DEPT. OF ﬂﬂTHHUPULDGY

SUlTll'llEB SESSlOl'l
June 10- Hugust 2. 1985

fili'l‘ 335 intro. to Hrchaeologg Field Techniques 2 credits
am 338 archaeology Field Research

Participate in the excavation of the important,
historically documented 18th century Mohawk
Iroquois village "Conajoharie."

Interested individuals should attend the

Interest Meeting

Thursday. Fipril

Social Science

5pm

or sea Dean Snow SS sit or David Guldenzopt SS 395

 

6 credits

18
260

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

«up-comirv’vIwWQ—oox. ..t .

 

  

. , : iv, ,ﬁ
 M’s

 

When Ross Abelow begins talking about pro-
gramming. you get the idea that he could keep talk-
ing for half an hour non-stop. if he didn’t have to
breathe. it was his range ofideas that most impress-
ed us, and led us to unanimously agree he is the best
candidate for SA Vice President.

Abelow’s programming ideas began with an "SA
day" for new students, and run to a “SUNY
weekend" to which students from across New York
’ would be invited. in between he related his vast ex-
perience. convinced us he was sincere. at least in-
tellectually. about minority concerns. and persuad-
ed us he would be an able recruiter for SA.

in addition to a programming expertise and in-
genuity far above any other vice presidential can-
didate. we like Abelow for his activist thinking.
While he gave lip service to talking over differences
with city and university officials, he was quick to
list specifics such as voter registration drives. dorm
sweeps. and administrators who have to be worked
around to get students’ rights fulfilled.

A Steve Gawley—Ross Abelow team. we felt.
could prove especially strong as their respective
strong points of activism and programming would
be well balanced. Our major concern is that their
two strong personalities would end up working in

Elections 39

 

Ross Abelow

opposition. Abelow. who said he had no presiden-
tial preference. didn't forsee any problems working
with the president, which may be naive. We lik-
ed,however. his ideas of splitting responsibilities
and projects between the ofﬁces and of outlining
specific goals at the beginning of the year. it may
sound simplistic. but they could do a lot to see that
historic tensions are muted. ' '

But more than anything, we felt. is that if the
Vice President is to work with programming. then
Abelow is the best candidate this year. His idea for
a committee of group leaders to prevent" scheduling
conﬂicts and share programming ideas could worl.
if the Vice President is willing to do a lot of
legwork.

Major changes will be needed in tire \vuy groups
do business if the drinking age goes to 21 soon. and
we believe Abelow is the best candidate to deal with
this important possibility. if groups do not meet
their income lines then SA will not be able to
balance its budget. and an innmativc Vice Presi»

' dent will be needed to deal with the change.

Abelow said that bccuusc of problems “ilh pro.
ofing procedures alcohol may have to be haunted at
quad parties if “21" takes effect. but he does not

8b

 

 

  

I
Mike Berman
Getting students moving and bringing
SA closer to the student body is the main
premise of Mike Berman's campaign. But.
while his portrayal of himself as the
“average student" who could bring SA

“closer to the student body" by being the
“mediator between the masses and the

- people on top" paints a nice picture, he

failed to exhibit to the cndorsctttent board
that he possessed any of the know-how or
driving force to do this. .

He claimed that since he understands
itow students feel" his inexperience with
SA would be an asset. but although he was
confident of his abilities. he couldn’t instill
the same feeling in the board.

Herman’s only well thought out idea was
that of limited SA financing of elections.
He proposes that presidential and vice-
presidential candidates receive money
from SA to help pay for their campaigns.
encouraging those who' may not have the
financial resources for a campaign to run
for office. Although he displayed little
knowledge of the procedures of 'SA
budgeting. his basic idea deserves some
consideration.

Other than that. Berman failed to show
that he had put much thought into how to
implement his ideas. or that he had any
new ideas at all. His solution to the gap
between SA and the campus "is a “mass
mobilization" of students. yet he doesn‘t
have any clue as to how to achieve this
goal. He stressed student involvement
throughout the interview. bttt couldn't
seem to clarify whether the best way to do
it was to get students moving or simply
form a committee to discuss it.

Dertnan expressed his confidence in the
power of rhetoric as a tool to further his
ends. We however. found his rhetoric inef-
fective and do not feel most students
would find it convincing.

His lack of programming ideas.
7»

   

 

   
  
  

VICEPESIDENT_L_1:'VALUA TIONS

     

-."ill'w
1.3m“ -

r
y
t

 

 

 

 

You've heard of the terms etlntocentric

and egocentric? Well. Chris Thomas gave
us the idea for a new term: uptownccntric.
His ideas for programming. recruitment.
and activism were. with few exceptions.
for uptown students only.

For downtowners. he suggested a party
in the park. Nice idea. bttt definitely not
new —— OCA has one almost every year.
He also didn‘t consider the bus service or
fee to be an important issue. “Fighting the
‘W' is more important." he said. naively
asserting that improvements in the bus ser-
vice and schedule could be made simply by
speaking to the administration. “They're
pretty good about listening. it's no real
problem for them to change it (the
schedule)." he said. '

Overall. Thomas was bland. lacking the
innovative programming and recruitment
plans that a vice-president should be
prepared to implement. As he spoke of his
ideas. he showed little of the enthusiasm
for SA that we expected to find in a can-
didate really looking forward to the job.

He did. however. have a few good ideas.
a solid working knowledge of Affirmative
Action. and an apparent comtnitttnent to
increasing tninority student involvement in

Thomas. who picked up some program-
tning experience working with STOP to
raise money for Ethiopian relicl‘. told us
he's running because he feels "SA is
under-utilized." Thoughout the hearing,
he continually stressed the need for “one
to one" talks to resolve conflicts. He's
never attended u Council meeting but he
did show an understanding of the internal
workings of SA.

One of Thomas' strongest points. the
board agreed. was that he‘s not an SA in-
sider. That. combined with his experience
as an RA and QA. could help him bring
some new faces into SA.

I»

 

' Lao-i ~
Willie Séte'rﬁo 
The overriding theme of Willie Salerno‘s
campaign is to “open up SA to the student
body." in front of the board. however. it
appeared that he had given little thought to

the issues involved itt being SA vice
president.

 

He displayed little knowledge of how to
manage important student issues. and
when asked about his stand on an alcohol
policy in the event of a 2l—ycar-oid drink-
ing age he could only say. "that's a tough
one to deal with."

it seems that innovative programming
ideas are also tough for Salerno to deal
with. One of the main constitutional
responsibilities of Vice President is pro-
gramming events and if Salerno were
elected vice president. students could look
forward to “nothing new really". He said
he thought “Patty (Salkin) did a good job
this year“ and he would only like to make
those same events go over better with more
promotion.

The overwhelming impression of the
board was that Salerno always seemed to
be looking for the answer we wanted to
lteur, rather than giving his answers based
on knowledge he had culled while prepar-
ing for the interview and more important-
ly. preparing to take on the job of vice
president

He failed to display the kind of leader-
ship qualities necessary for the job.and
sccmcd unable to take ti definitive
stand.He appeared to be content with the
idea of taking it back seat to the president
saying “he was not on the job for personal
gratification". He also gave the impres-
sion that he was reluctant to take a strong
stand on issues claiming that “You should
never try to back the administration into a
corner where they'll feel threatened".
Later in the interview he contradicted both
these statements saying that it would “an-

7»

 

    

 

  

 

.h. ‘ ‘ p. I

‘ Tiha'n Presbte

'l‘ilntn Presbie's two tnain priorities as a
Vice Presidential candidate involve int-
proving both student life and the relation-
ship bctwcenthc faculty and the students.
While Pt‘csbie does present a few progratn~
ming ideas worth considering. the endorse-
ment hoard feels his lack of specific pro-
posals and naivity as to SA's inner work-
ings when it comes to implementing thcsc’
ideas. is his downfall.

Perhaps Presbie's best idea is the fortna~
tion of “Albany Today." Posted daily in
key locations, this publication would list
what‘s happening “today. tomorrow. and
next week" both on and off the Albany
campus. The idea of including off-campus
activities exhibits Presbie's concern for the
off-campus student population. .

Noting the need for an improved faculty
image of SA. Presbic would like to see a
fund established for the faculty. enabling
them to bring more renowned speakers to
the campus. He feels this would prove
“beneficial to students". and perhaps the
faculty “would view SA differently titan
they do now." despite the fact that tnost
departments have budgets for this already.

Other ideas Presbic mentioned were
“putting a big suggestion box in front of
the contact office." and formulating a
compuctcrizcd survey of students' likes
and dislikes concerning the quality of life
here at Albany.

in response to the possibility of a
21-year old drinking age. Presbie stated.
“there is nothing we can do. the campus
will have to go dry." When asked about
alternatives to “keg parties." Presbie sug-
gested “more culturally oricttted events.“
but hadn't given much thought to the
available alternatives.

Presbie's undynamic attitude was tnude
apparent to the board when he was ques-
tioned as to whether the battles over both
the newly instuted "W" rule and the bus

 

