 

 

     

,   ".     "  asp tllyou'drop. , . " ' '
A, " iV: '0' ' Sh Big"  Ba n" d" '  I I l ' T
oshiko Akiyoshi brought no lasers or and arranges all compositions performed I ' ' ' ' ' . ' "- ' I
dry ice to the Troy Saving. Bank ‘ bythe band, creates dreamy, gloomy parts ‘ l ' I
' Y Music Hall. She didn’t even bring a for the reeds. Since all five members of the
single video. And electric instruments? section play at least two instruments dur-
There were none of those either. A real ing concerts, the mood of a piece often

‘bo'regright'l Sure it was, if you go to con- shifts as the musicians switch instruments. .
certs for visual excitement. But if your idea The main soloist within the reed section

a ‘ 154-: ‘ui‘l’

_.., m.

 om WM @1an mm

   

turn-1- Wi'i..‘.i-:‘.5  . " Ilia.» .u m. i». "I":

 

 
  

  

Now is the time for PASTA with America’s awareness pf ~INTERNATJONAL. FILM GROUP, ,
food becoming more sophisticated each year, we lookfor is having a DRESS UP, NlGHT for f ‘ '

more Healthﬁrl foods to eat.

  

 

 

PASTA }

for your health, for your appetite, for your budget.
Pasta Express is your key to a Better Meal out. _ .

 

\ Serving Lunch and Dinner-
and . a
offering the Finest Fish Pasta Dishes around.

 

 

 

TRY US? you’ll see for yourself why people are talking
‘ about

PASTA EXPRESS

Restaurant (SL Market.
304 Lark Street, Albany
Eat in r Take out I
Daily Specials
$195—$595

‘ PASTA EXPRESS E
$ 1.00 off any Entree

expires 2-29-85 :I

mgr AT 1-»
l'  .

 

 

 

.__
I
I
I
I
I
I
l
I
L

 

   
 

  

 

    
    

 

  

bring you a

“LET’S GO CRAZY"
DANCE PARTY
in the
Thruway House Ballroom A
- The Event 0! The Year No! To Be Missed -

Friday. February 22nd. 1985 ~ 9:00
- Featuring one o! the hottest DJ. "1 on Long Island,
straight from 0.8.1. South/

- $4.00 without invitation - Proper Attire, Please
- $3.00 with invitation - LD. Required

 
       
   
       
   
   

    

 

   

UA S Funded

 

 

AMIA-Lite Beer-
Present: 4 
snow Down:

To be held
1 Saturday, March 2

Erizes: . _
4Posters for all who enter
-T-shirts

-Mugs

-Trophies to best goalie and "
best shOoter '

Entry fee $3 (you nuts; pay
to register)
Please pa in cash at
AMIA odlce in gym
(next to vending machines)

 

 

 

 

Deadline for entry is Feb. 26

9:4. Handled

 

 

' band instrumentation. The orchestra has

'sh’unned amplification: only two

usker Du is a Minneapolis trio that
‘ one would tend to pigeonhole as

 

r

. of a good concert is one where superb
. musicians ’

 

Min

D---“--l

y exciting music, then Satur-
day’s performance by‘ the Toshiko
Akiyoshi" Orchestra featuring Lew
Tabackin fit the bill.

Ian Clements V I

 

 

The sixteen member group proved that a
jazz band can explore uncharted musical
territory while retaining the traditional big

four trumpets, four trombones,-five reeds,
and a three‘piece rhythm section. The band

microphones were used, one for solos and
one for Akiyoshi's piano. ‘ ‘ ,
Despite the standard lineup,‘ the group
emits sounds which“..are rarely heard in
jazz. Akiyoshi’s works often combine the
boisterousness of swing with inﬂuences
from Oriental music. And it is the reed sec-
tionxwhichis the key to the originality of

 

the band's sound..Akiyoshi, .who writes

Husker Du /New Day Rising

hardcore. Well, if their last double
LP Zen Arcade didn’t break that stubborn
categorization their latest New Day Rising
certainly will. Where Zen Arcade dealt a
song for each genre to show their emerging
diversity, New Day Rising takes the Varied
elements of rock, folk, hardcore, and the
noisy mutations therein, and creates a mix-
ture within the songs themselves, not just
between the songs. Husker Du casts off the
hardcore cliches, a loud-fast attitude that
has begun to live and they become in-
teresting and important for their music and
their message. instrumentaliy, they've
never been better with Bob Mould’s
distinct cacophonistic chainsaw guitar. His
powerful use of harmonics is the single
most dlscemible feature of Hmker Du. The
vocals are complex and very compelling as
Mould and drummer Grant Hart give a
painful but refined voice to often haunting
lyrics. The title track "New Day Rising,”
whose lyrics are merely those three words
repeated, is a play on the vocal variations
the band maintains, from tortured screams
to downright harmonics. The rock and roll
of "i Apologize” and the acoustic guitar
amid the blazing electrics of “Celebrated
Summer" pity the grandeur of this
album. it is rare for 'a band that is truly on
the cutting edge to gain the wide media
and public success Husker Du is getting.
"I'ia a new day rising indeed. ‘
-Daniel Darth, loe Romano, Mike lick,
Dave Stein '

 

m-on<~imﬁm-¢sal~ ...... ..

and the band as a whole is Lew Tabackin.

His solos on Saturday were very ex-

pressive, covering a wide range of moods.
On the. flute he sounded melancholy and
brooding, ~while his tenor saxophone work
was gruff and aggressive. Tabackin, who is
married to Akiyoushi, played flute during
her slow, melancholy works, but when the

band picked up the tempo and began to I

swing, he picked up his sax and made it
honk and snort. His suit, glasses, and beard
. made him look like an English professor.
When he stood up to solo on the sax, he
still seemed‘like a professor, but one who
was trying ,to suppress a convulsion. This
mixture of control and frenzy make
. Tabackin not only an interesting per-
former, but a visual treat as well.
Another exciting saxophonist in the
‘ band is James Snidero. His alto playing was
.also expressive; especially on an extended
'solo during the haunting, Blue Dream, a
selection from the band's newest album,
l Ten Gallon Shufﬂe.

   

The Vipers I Outta the Nest

Finally, this excellent band has put out a
full length LP and it’s a four star effort. The
Vipers are definitely of the N.Y.C. garage
rock/psychedelic revival genre, but this
quintet leans more toward the British inva-
sion sound of the ’60’s (Dave Clarke Five,
Paul Revere and the Raiders, Kinks, etc)
than some of the bunch of bands recording
these days. The songs on Outta the Nest
will make you bop 'til you drop. The
Vipers have pure upbeat energy and
they're excellent musicians, using a vatiety
of instruments from harmonica to bongos,
keyboards, harpsichord, and plenty of
guitars highlighted by great harmonics.
Ten of the twelve songs are originals, and
the other two are classic covers (“Medica-
tion," and "Suprise, Suprise”), and the
songs range from psychedelia to dance pop
to cryptic cave stompers to primitive
rockers. May your good ol‘ reminiscing
heart be content with this great treat of an
album. Your feet sure will be.

-—Joe Romano

Anderson, Rice, Ulvaeus / Chess

The easiest way to describe this album is
that it is a rock opera about _championship
chess tournaments. Written by the two
men from ABBA and actor/singer Tim Rice

(fromJesus Christ Superstar). Chess varies

from classical (instrumental and opera) to
incredibly funky rock. You might be
familiar with "One Night in .Bangkok."
This single has been number ‘one in Cer-

,, many. Switzerland, . the. Netherlands, and 5

 

 

 

The record has been released on the As-
cent label, a company Akiyoshi formed
herself after recording primarily for RCA.
She calls it "the smallest record company in
the world."

Akiyoshi did not emphasize works from
the new album during the concert. instead,
she mixed new tunes with unrecorded
works, such as After Mr. Deng, and older
.songs like Farewell to Mingus.

One aspect of the band which was
underrepresented was Akiyoshi's piano,
which was never highlighted during the
concert disappionting many listeners. She
prefered to spend most of the night giving
directions 'to the band or watching the
soloists.

Also missed was Japanese percussion.

' which is featured in some of the band’s
‘ records}? matsﬂal..lts.abscenceArr-astute. . 
'season is over. .

‘bably due to the‘fact that the percussionists

lare from Japan and did not feel like travel- 7

ing to downtown Troy. . , .
Nevertheles's} drummer Jess Hirschfeld
provided a solid and versatile rhythmic
foundation with bassist lay Anderson’s
help. On one selection. Hirschfeld used
drumsticks with large knobs on their ends

i"“’re'views: New Music

other continental European countries and

top 20 in the UK. You definitely need an

open mind for this album. Tim Rice sings

on most of the rocking songs and sounds a

lot like Tom Robinson and Phil Collins. lf

you are into experimenting, this is for you.
—-Paul S Rosenthal

Lloyd Cole and the
Commotions / Rattle Snakes

With the revival of soul being a big part
of today's music, many groups such as
Culture Club, the Style Council, and Scritti
Politti have incorporated the Motown
sound into their recordings. From this

 

 

 

to create an unusually loud and dramatic
effect not often heard in jazz.

Akiyoshi is not a typical jazz artist
either. She was born in Manchuria, China
1929 and began playing piano six years
later. Besides jazz, she played classical and
dance music in her teens. During a tour of
Japan in 1957., pianist Oscar Peterson
"discovered" her and by 1956, she had
recorded for Norman Granz and had
traveled to the United States to study
music at Boston’s Berklee School.

The Akiyoshi-Tabackin Big Band was
formed in the mid-1970’s and the wife-
husband team have been playing together
ever since. The band now “features”
Tabackin. This enables him to do more
work with his own small groups and to
conduct clinics. Akiyoshi also works with
small groups when the.bami‘s twenty week

. Down Beat, which is to jazz what Roll-

'  Stone is to rock, has awarded the band

"best of the year" honors four times. Both
Akiyoshi and Tabackin have garnered in-
dividual recognition from Down Beat,
Akiyoshi as best composer/arranger,
Tabackin as best flautist. D

musical genre comes the British group
Lloyd Cole and the Commotions. From the
building crecendo of "Forest Fire" to the
Lou Reed influenced "Perfect Skin," the
music varies from slow "Blue eyed soul" to
fast moving rockers. Production is clean
and slick, with two remixes by Rick
Ocasek of the Cats and a good sound all
around. Lead singer Lloyd Cole has a very
unique voice which sounds like a cross bet-
ween Paul Young and Lou Reed which on-
ly accenuates the type of music that the
Commotions play. England has already
made a "commotion" about this LP, i think
that the US. should catch on and give this
a good listen. _ —Gary Bass

 

   

i"

 

  

 

