1 john Candy eats up another plum role.

ike Sulurrlu 'g/i! Litre before it. the
in aiiely funny televi on s I
. .I'V Ii'aiitcd, polished and
laliiiclied an iitiprcssive quota of film
st including Rick Moraiiis (Slrmtge
‘ Bl't‘lt’, ' it.i[liit.\li'r.\, Mrt't'ti of l'irt') [ ve
'l'liomas ltttttg' BMW“) and .ugeiie Levy
(Splits/i. (ilinilhum'ri). litit _]ohn (Iaiidy
‘ ma wind tip the most visible of this
.\‘(.I "-lircd comedy crop — as iiittcli for
tilt" bulk of his rotiiiid li‘il" physique as
for the quantity of plum comic roles h

‘ a d to pl‘
A \'t~te an of [041. tripi'i. The [Hurt
' Biol/ma limit and National Litmpmmi Vu-
rtilimi, (.aiidy doesn't e\ n have to \\ it
for the new roles to malcralile. :\s a
‘ two-time l‘imniy winner for h V
writing kills. (Iaiidy can treaic new
‘ cliaracttis scciiiii y as fast as the
 caiuei can record them. His imperso-
tiation of opera great l.uci no 1’ 'arotti
for an S(."I‘l' spoof of 'I‘Iir (.‘uzI/utlm' was
so accurate. Italian csti s ltired for the
scene broke into applause, He is also
deadly ftiiii ' as ()rson Well -’ the out-
rageous trait estiit- l)l\'lllL. ’l p O'Neill
and even (\\'llll trick came ' nice) as
the dwarf llei e \"illt‘llldltt‘ I‘roiii Fm:-

‘ [my IAIIIIHI.
(Sandy's newest exposiit include. a
liliii part alongside incgastar Richard
Pryor and a cable ' V .pecial. Yosh

llll‘. .\l()\’li. .\l.‘\(.:\ZlNl-.

Shm ge comes back to life for an HBO
special called The Last Pulka, alongside
brother Stan Shmenge and the many
regular guests of their musical offering
for homesick Lutonian immigrants; on
the larger screen, Candy puts his frame
behi (1 home plate as the catcher on a
pro baseball otttﬁt. He's
best friend on the squad
and his main accomplice as Pryor — the
heir to millions of dollars in Universal's
contemporary ver 'on of the timeless
Brmti’tet’ Millimti' — has to go on a spend-
ing marathon to prove he's worthy to
inherit an even more sizeable fortune.
It's a stalwart second banana role, tl
type of thing that Candy already fulﬁlled
alongside Tom Hanks in Splat/L Beyond
Brewslerfi Millions and The Last Polka,
Candy hasn't announced speciﬁc new
plans. However, Disney Studios an-
nounced l‘ 1 spring that they had signed '
' to produce three movies. The
~' ‘t allows him freedom to appear
productions for other studios and gives
(landy sortie of the clout enjoy (I by
other people — iiiclii ng Eddie Murphy,
Richard Pryor and Michael Keaton —
with similar proditct ' . .' 3 y
certain, howeve that Candy will stick
with comedy. I'm still a little nervous
about doit rdi ma," he admit I

New Face

n The Wild Liﬁ and Fast Times at Ridgeh

nimtl High, two recent teen- riented

comedies, Eric Stoltz comes off as your
typit l fun-loving American youth, chas-
itig girls and cavorting with rowdy guys
li (Iliris and Sean Penn.

But once you‘ve en Musk. director
Peter Bogdanovichs first ﬁlm in nearly
four years. set for a late March opening.
it‘s highly unlikely that you'll ever think
of l‘ Stoltz in the same way again. For
the entire movie. Stoltz‘ handsoitte face is
en met] in 20 pounds of all-concealing
makeup a ‘ Rocky Denn‘~
victim of a rare disﬁguring disease called
t'rauiodiaphy al dyspl'i. ' i.

" l‘lie movie is about a relationship be~
tween 11 inother and a son." Stoltz says.
“and how they deal with their i‘espe ive
[noblems —- hers with drugs and mine
with my discas ~ What really got me was
the raw eittotioii of the st

“At the ﬁnal audition, Bogdanovich
made tne put pantyhose over my face
with holes in the mouth and through
the eyes —— it was a pretty interesting
audition

Once the actual booting started, Stoltz
was faced with a rather grueling off-
screen challenge. Every day," he recal ,
“I had to spend about three—and-a-half to
four hours in the makeup chair. On
some days it went up to seven and eight
hours. We were shooting in the stimtner
and the makeup was just like wearing
several ski masks all at once.

Bogdanovich, for one, thinks Stoltz' ef~
fort was worthwhile. “He had to project
everything through his eyes," the di-
rector says. “I can't emphasize his
‘ ‘hievetnent in this film enough."

Stoltz studied acting for two years at
U . "I beeatne disillusioned with the
academic approach, though," he ‘ays.
Leaving school, he ﬁrst sought roles in a
ntimber of plays.

“I've been stud ing at the Loft Studio I

and privately l have a coach who helped
me out a great deal on i'vlztsk," Stoltz s ys.

Next iii the 22«yea‘-old‘s at er
recently completed European produ
called Emerald, costarring Ed Hart“ (
Right Slum Plates in the Heart) and Max Von
Sydow. I

Eric Stoltz: «face/id! afmakeup, a scriptth

of raw emotion

GREG GORMAN

 

 

.‘DOWQ’O

 

 

“1’ ‘ 1739115
l.il(' isn't always roSy. [4
color ol illty'ltl()t)(l \\‘illl
lllltlS. the best color slit
l'ilnis lliat iii-livi'rt‘leaii

.IExt'ifllt-iit llcslittniifsJ
sharp detail iii both big

, shadows. Witli Kodacli

 

 

' ,(M “hub; for color slides

woii't lose a shade ol ll

5 l‘Fct‘zuisc.n'im'.q

