 

 

Open doors
The fate of next year’s dorm parties, quad
parties and late-night games of quarters in

your suite rooms, is being reviewed right now.
Want to know what’s being considered? Go

put a glass‘against the door and listen. It’s the
only way you can be sure of ﬁnding out what
the Implementation of 21 Task Force is' up to.

You can’t attend this Task Force meeting
and you can’t read about it in the ASP
because we can’t attend it either. The Task
Force members have voted to close the
meetings, blatantly violating student rights
and very possibly New York state law.

Some Task Force members say that closing
the meeting allows them to be more candid.
They contend that by meeting in private,
they’ll create a more relaxed environment for
discussion. What they’re really saying is that
without the public there, they’re free to say
anything they want, they’re‘free from public
scrutiny of their ideas. This may be the most
productive way to hold a meeting, but it’s not
the most productive way to create a working
policy.

A good policy reflects the needs and con-
cerns of the people it governs. More than 200
of these people showed up on Indian Quad
yesterday to participate in a special hearing
organized by the Implementation of 21 Task
Force. This clearly demonstrates that students
do have a lot to say about the implemntation
of 2!, and do want to be involved in the
policy-making‘process, every step of the way.

Perhaps, in' light of yesterday’s impressive
turnout, the Task Force would reconsider.
Students are obviously very interested in help-
ing formulate the new policy.

In addition, the meeting should be open for

Executive Director of the New York State
Committee on Open Government, task force
meetings of this kind are governed by the
State's Open Meetings Law, which mandates
that meetings of ‘public bodies’ must be open
to the public.’

Two years ago, Freeman detailed all this in-
fo. in a written advisory opinion we requested
after being shut out of two task force
meetings.

We’re hoping it won’t come to that again.
Presented with evidence that students really
want to participate, and documentation that
closing the meeting is in all probability illegal,
we urge the task force to reconsider its closed
door policy.

Get it right

How complicated could it be to run an SA
election?

If SA’s track record is any indication, it
must be near impossible.

Every election, it seems. is marred by some
kind of miscommunication, breach of policy,
disqualification, accusation of unfair cam-
paign tactics, or, in the case of our most recent
election, simple carelessness.

For some reason, Guy Sansone, our elec-
tions commissioner, couldn’t see to it that all
the candidates’ names were spelled correctly
and listed on all the appropriate ballots. As a
result, the Class of '89 council election has to
be run all over again, costing SA a lot of
money and creating an unfair inconvenience
to the candidates.

Exactly what caused this goof is unknown
to us at this time, as Sansone has been conve-
niently unreachable since the election.
Whatever the problem was, it merely reﬂects a
bigger problem: SA lacks the procedures for
running a smooth election.

This deserves some consideration; running
an election couldn’t really be that
Jomplicated.

 

to campus center 358 on Thursday at 4 p.m., .

legal reasons. According to Robert Freeman,

 

 

 

By Joseph Fusco " _

Characters: Everyone as Themself
Time: The Present

SCENE I

(The Kremlin. Curtain rises on an elegantly appointed
apartment in the classic European style. All the trappings
of material success are evident: a large stereo, liquor, a
wall of rare books, a wall of banned books, thick rugs,“
fireplace, etc. An iron maiden stands in the corner. A pile
of unpacked luggage sits by the door, barely obscuring an
exercise bicycle. Mr. and Mrs. Gorbachev sit askew on
the couch, just returned from a vacation in Paris. A maid
exits STAGE LEFT.)

Mr. Gorbachev:(excitedly) What a trip! I'm telling you,l

darling, things are getting better and better. i knocked
’em dead, and you, you looked stunning.

Mrs. Gorbachev:(glowingly) Yes, clear, we certainly -
Gorbschev:(not unlike George Bush) A smile here! A
smile there! A new suit! And ﬁnally, a Soviet honcho who
stayed awake past the hors d’oeuvres.. Zipadee-doo-dahi
They don't know what hit 'em. (He stands up) (cautious-
ly) 'But I can’t sit back. I'll need something really big to
put on the negotiating table. next month in
Geneva . . .hmmm. . .Dan Rather said I could go
through his closet . . .no, that won’t do. I'll have to call

the Ministry of Smiles. Styles and Pats on the Back in the

morning. Maybe. . .maybe . . .a cowboy hat!

Mrs. Gorbachev:'l‘hat would solve those bad mole
"vibes" your pollsters were telling—

Mr. Gorbachev: (throwing his hands into the air) Yes,
that’s it! I could stand on the banks of the Rio Grande
and say “I am a Texan." They'll go crazy. (checks his
hair in the mirror) What a victory, and on their own soil!

1 Do they have electricity out there?

Mrs. Gorbachev: Mike, shouldn’t you be concentrating a
little more on the summit with Mr. Reagan? No doubt
they'll be expecting lots of (pauses) concrete proposals.

Mr. Gorbachev: (calmer)You're right, mommy. (laughs),

Oops! The New! Better Than Ever! Ministry of Pro-

paganda advises me that I should make a new offer. They

say I should offer to open up the Soviet Market to People

Magazine and premiere “Hellcats of the Navy" in

Moscow in exchange for the part of Bill Cosby’s uncle on

an episode of “The Cosby Show." (He goes and pours

himself a martini.) '

Mrs. Gorbachev: (encouragingly) Hey go for it!

Mr. Gorbachev: It'll be so neat. I ought to have the next

election in my hip pocket. (takes a drink.)

Mrs. Gorbachev: (incredulously) What! What! Dear, we

don't have elections. You’re it-until you die or no longer

make us feel good. ‘

Mr. Gorbachev: (thoughtfully Maybe we should have

elections dear. I mean, campaigns look like so much fun.

Me petting the dog, “Bringing Russia Back, " you know,
' that sort of thing.

Mrs. Gorbachev: Oh, Mike—

Mr. Gorbachev: (whispers) Shh! What's that? (They

move to window)

Mrs. Gorbachev: Why it’s a cadre of singers!

(Singers enter STAGE LEFT and dance around the Gor-
bachevs. The tune, a lively number, is titled "Saved By
the Man Who Buys His Shirts in Milan. ” The singers are
attired in typical proletarian glumn css, yet look happy
enough to sing for the Gorbachcvs even though they have

  
 

 

‘t..l,

 

Muh Ado About Nothing 

lost their places in the bread line. The Gorbachevs look
pleased ) . ‘ _

(Mald enters sera RIGHT) ‘
Maid: Pizza’s here.

(Exuent, ad libbing)

SCENE II

' (The White House. Curtain rises on the spacious living

quarters of the Resg'ans. They are eating popcomand
watching "The A-Team. ” Mr. Reagan is sitting on about
eight pillows.) ',

Mr. Reagan: (conthsed) I don’t understand it, Nancy.
Some plump, balding apparntchik comes to power over
there and simply because he can walk' unaided from point

A to point B without wheezing and sneezing; aridy's‘ildden; '

ly I’m yesterday’s lunch. 4 V
Mrs. Reagan: (consolingly) Don't be so’ hard on yourself.
You’re still the best. Mr. Gorbachev's‘just'tr'yi g harder
than usual. Besides, under those bright'ljghts' j‘oenév "
next month, he’ll probably melt. (She gets up and goes to
pour some tea.) ‘ ', ‘  ‘
Mr. Reagan: You think so? Well, America isn't'n'umb'er

  

‘ one in the Nielsen ratings to let this_character ates"! our

show.

Mrs. Reagan: (emphatically) How do you think I feel? V

His wife cuts a real dashing figure in those expensive
clothes. Suddenly the guy has a real person for a wife.
What am I to do? You ought to trick them into ordering
new china for the Kremlin, dear. I need a break.

Mr. Reagan: (dejected) I need some fresh writers and
directors . . . '

Mrs. Reagan: (dejected)She'll probably start doing
charity. . . ' '

(Curtain)

SCENE Ill

(Geneva. Curtain rises on a mu‘rkily lit room ﬁlled with a
long negotiating table. Mr. Reagan and his-aides sit on
one side. Mr. Gorbachev and his aides sit on the other. A
cloud of smoke hovers over the table. The mood is' tense.
The dialogue moves quickly and forcefully.) l -

Mr. Reagan: How do you expect us to conducts foreign
policyif you keep flitting around like atsweethean?— .
Mr. Gorbachev: You must limit your longr'ange smile
capabllity— . 
Mr. Reagan: Your deployment of handshakes'threatens
my rhetorical manoevres— ,

Mr. Gorbachev: Whatever happened to "make the world
safe for Madison Avenue?"-— V

Mr. Reagan: Ha! You had Pierre Cardin deploy your
wife's bust size to the Western press. Now the. entire
Western world is undressing a Soviet leader's wife with its
eyes. Sneak attack city! _

Mr. Gorbachev: (casually) Simply your own beset instinc-
ts. . .Well, make me an offer. I;

Mr. Reagn: (insistently) No make-up for your wife and a
budget of only 7500 rubles a year for clothes. '

Mr. Gorbachev: No way. Eyeliner and 10.000 rubles.
Mr. Reagan: O.K. But no imported dresses.

(They smile.)

Mr. Reagan: You know. if we work hard, we may reach
an accord.

Mr. Gorbachev: Yes, yes. It in difficult being a world
leader. v

(Curtains. . . .l‘or substantive salesmanship.)

(Applause. . .if you’re so inclined.)

 

 

  

 

To TheHEdllor: 3 ' ‘

Unfortunate quote»?

As the’primary source of information forstudcnts in ~

SUNYA, I think it' is your responsibility to cbver events.
only on its content, and not 61: personal inferences.

‘~ I am referring to your unfortunate choice of quotations , ‘

to feature in your article on the College Life presentation .

4

on theftopic’of (subbing! sponsored byp‘the  *7

Crush, deFor Christ. , . , , 
l explicitly point to the quotation in the caption which .
read “Jews will not go to heaven...they are condemned to

hell if they‘don't‘accept Jesus." .r -

or all the people whb attended the talk, (more "om, v' ‘ f

not involved with Campus Crusade) no one remembers
Mr. Sorenson' being “asked where Jews ﬁt into thegrand
scheme of things." During his presentation; the Jewish
people not any other ethnic groupwere mentioned'or
singled out; for specth persecution as this quotation

blatantly suggests. . .

This quotation was not the core of Mr. Sorénson’s' 
statements. Mr. Sorenson'came to share his experiences in 1

the business world and»what success meant to him. He
shared that having apersonal relationship with God was
true success. , :  . ‘

I believe when'ASP journalists and editors cover an

event, it is imperative they cover the main issue. In this _

particular instance, Burt Sorenson's message thatvnight
was God’s healing love and forgiveness for humanity. ’
That is why I, must reemphasize that quotes used forzyour
article were out of context'and misrepresented. it is our
prayer.‘ that, our true purpose that evening will be
vindicated. , -
—- Orlando Riven
President

Campus Crusade for Christ

Closed mind

To The Editor:

When one considers'the religious melting pot that exists ,

in‘ our nation, oncshould consider the fact that” there are
good people in every religion and persuasion. To say that
there'is'only onechosen'people is narrow and rather
disheartening. There are many paths to righteousness,
and l would hope ‘thatBui-t Sorenson, an “educated

 

  

 

 

‘ . , Established In 1310 ’ '

. this! J. om. Editor In Gil/cl '
.Dun cm. Mmlng Edllal

John Kym. son/or Edllor

 

Mm gall-q... ........... 

 

 

 

 

   

 

........................... ..'...AIIe!- Olmborl, James a‘slllllvan ,
mu. ‘ " Walnntnln 4
Adam mn- I 'f' ~ .
Atheist-“Fools Editor. ................ Jan Spelth
.- r ' -4. Ills-bud In!
 In: Benn-n. Krllllno 8am
-... .. . .. - mm“, Fm“,

mom! Btnl'ow. Ken ,Dombaum, Bette Dumbo. Illl Jacob. Brenda Son-ll",
Pam aehustsrman. David Wnnnplm lull writers: Karon Bock. Dm alsltc.
Lulls Ctr-ll, tan Clements. Pam Conway. Mlkc Donn-natty. Uu Jackel,
Stacey Kern, Mark Kobrlnsky. John Labels, Corey stltan. Mlk- Maud-m, J.
Mlcltlol misc. Mlcn‘nl Bkolnlck -

Mm MM, Business Manager
1me Ascoolsls Buslnus Manager ,
Hm Kellen. Jack! Mldlanky. Advsnlslnp Managers
Don Fletcher. Sales Manager

lllunn l
PI:-l|lI-s—lrllnmn '- em“ mung“,

Isl-I: Karon Amulet. Frank Cole. Drew Funp, HIcn tht, Michelle
Pilatl mnlslng Proth Oren Ballroom. Ellsun Chen. JIII Gsntllc. James
Horn-r. Kenn Knughto. Alyu'MIrgolln. Annette Muller. Sharon Reed. Erlc
Roth Olllcc bull: Jcnnllcr Ghlcclol. Andy Conan, Amy sum, Rot: Mlllnllll

Pctrlcll alcohols. Production Manager
com Tml-l'" ' ' ‘ Dlanuzzo
Mills: Laura Bllme. Joan Chrlsllano. Treble Paul. Pam Slumber. Pontoon:
Llll Eamon, Nancy Crcmcn. Klnton Grill. brow-n Fluheny. Grace Flood. E.
Phllllp Hoover, D. Durst am. M.D,Thompnon. Bonln Vslenlln cmullcur. Jlm
Lolly .

Photography pnnolnslly supplied by~UnIvorslty Photo Sowlcl. a student

(“immunisation Kenny Kirsch UPI lull: Mlohnl Aekcrman. Elm! Altmt,
Myrna Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Dmllul, Chuck Clo-burg, Err: Mnum, Mutt
Msdlcvllll, Llu slmmcnl. .Unnu bporllng. Erlcc Splcaol. Tanya Blnlc,
Howard Tye-r. Mull Vscmlll

lnlln contents nopyrlpht I'll Albany Itudont Pm- Ccrporlllon, I" rights
unwed.

The Albany Bludlnl Plan Is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by Inn Albany aludnnl Puss Corporsllon, an Indensndnm
not-lor-prallt cclpcrctlon. ,

Edllorlsls are written by the Edllor In crust with members at nu Edltorln!
Board: policy ls subject to review by the Edllntlnl Board. Advent-Inn polley
do” not necessarily tensor edllollal pollny. -

MsIIIng .
Albany etuqcnl Pms. cc 329
1400 Wuhlnalnn Ava.
Albany. NY I2222
(DIE) 442-560Wm2

 

 

 

 

 

mkiiﬁ’ would ha'vqthe common sense to rejiﬂz'g 'If 3 '

  Donn Sou. Wayne Pawnboom, Edltorlal Assist-ills: _.

.‘-

I [this xerox copy of   is so self-righteous to
"criticize the religious beliefs bf other groups, and even

other rChristians,‘his education has been wasted on a rigid

 (mind.

' —— Steven Peist

'Ques‘tio'n's Sorensdn

" To The Editor: . .

-I'_w‘ould liketo ask Burt Shrenson, wholpublicly con-

1 denined the Jews” to hell in his-recent speech to the
jSUNYA community,‘whether he also pronounces the
',  verdict toy'M'oslems, Buddhists, Hindus, Native
‘7  or even to Christians with whom he does not
,mwetoeye? ’ " ' .

’ Iviould like to ask~0rlando 'Rivera, President of the

» Campus Crusade for Christ (which sponsored Sorensen),

quoted by the ASP as stating that students talking about

.G-dwith other students doesn't, happen often at SUNYA.
"whether he is aware of the active and ongoing programs

of the Chapel House staff and its constituant Catholic, ~
‘ ' lewish, and Protestant student bodies?’Here, Mr. Rivera,

amongst other places on campus, students at SUNYA do

: talkabout G-d. .
I Finally, I would like to askthe ASP, withmany other _,
quotes in the Sorensen article to chose from (including

some which might more accurately summarize what Burt
Sorensen’s speech dwelt upon), why, you chose to
highlight Burt Sorens‘en’s picture with his statement of
condemnation of the Jews?
— Rabbi Yaakov (Jay) Kellman
\

PD complaint

' To“ The Editor: J

Last Sunday I was a passenger in a'friend’s car and
witnessed what I believe to be extremely unprofessional
and abusive treatment of a student by a Public Safety Of-
ficer. The operator of the vehicle (we’ll call him Frank) in
which I was a'passenger was stopped for iliegedly failing
to stop at a stop sign. Ofﬁcer FJ. Sabo put his spotlight
in the driver’s eye‘s'and yelled out his window as Frank
'was pulling away." If Frank failed tostop is not the issue
which concerns me, I’ll leave that to the court. For the
next 10 — 20 minutes my friend was harassed, threatened
with arrestLan'd verbally abusediin a manner far Below
the standards set by any law enforcement agency I know
of. ‘ I .

Ofﬁcer Sabo insisted on giving Frank 8 ﬁeld sobriety
test and a‘breathalyzer. Frank was appalled because he,
myself, and the two other passengers in his car were total-
ly sober. Officer Sabo told Frank he‘ was swerving and

, , had failed to stop; Frank'refused to take the ﬁeld test. At
= this point, Ofﬁcer Sabo told Frank he was under arrest
‘- and proceeded to removehis handcuffs from his belt.

Myself and two friends looked on in disbelief and a
‘ wondered how far this would'go. Throughout the discus-

sion, Officer Sabo held his ﬂashlight in Frank's eyes
(when asked by Frank to remove it-he replied by saying he

» could hold it wherever he pleased) and insisted they were
v glassy. The fact that Frank was wearing his newly pescrib-
ed contacts can account=for his eyes appearing glassy.

As a student residing on this campus, seeing this event

concerns me. After speaking with Frank for a few _‘

minutes, Officer Saba should have had a more than ac-
curate idea if he was inibriated or not. Officer Sabo im-
plied he was going to cite Frank for wreckless driving and
failure to stop. 'After his 20 minute theatrical perfor-
mance; which included dangling handcuffs, he wrote a
single ticket and bade‘ us farewell. I can only ask to whom
do we turn when .we fear those who are supposedly pro-
tecting, us?

CDC, rebuttal

ToThe Editor:

On October 8, you ran a letter from a student who felt
discriminated against because he or she had observed the
preparations being made by and for accounting majors in
anticipation of recruitment on the campus by accounting
firms. The writer of that letter must recognize that ac—
counting is one of the very few professions into which
people enter with the bachelor's degree as a minimally ac-
ceptable credential. It is also important to note the long
tradition, which accounting ﬁrms follow, of seeking new
professionals directly from accounting programs at co!-
leges and universities throughout the nation. To my
knowledge there are few other industries in which virtual-
ly all of the firms or corporations are providing virtually
identical services.AThe closest analogy I can think of is the
legal profession.

The writer's letter, however, raises important issues
beyond the recruitment of accountants at SUNYA. He or
she feels that the University has “overlooked” those

— Name witheld by request

.‘,

‘ students who major in areas other than accounting. In

fact there are numerous services which are being provided
daily and which hiindreds of seniors, graduate students
and alumni'use. These services include workshops on the
job search, resume writing'arid interviewing. In addition,
we provide individual counseling on each of these matters
as" well as short term ' counseling for those: who are

’ undecided about Career directions. We maintain and staff

a career library and we facilitate campus recruitment of

. all students regardless of their majors.

The recruitment on campus of accounting majors is
one of many services which the Career Development
Center provides. The staff and I invite all students who
will be seeking employment after graduation to come to
our ofﬁce in L] 369 and to use our services. .

' — Stanley F. Schwartz

Acting Director
Career Development Center

'Why we divested

To'The Editor:

In the October 1 issue of the ASP, Lawrence A. Staub
wrote a letter entitled “Why Divest?” This Was in
response to the SUNY Board of Trustees’ vote in favor of
divestment. The letter, which stated that the students who
took part in the September 23 divestment rally “don’t
even know what they are supporting,” is not only an in-
sult to Albany students, but also to those students who
traveled from around the state to be here for that event.
Mr. Staub seems to think that we are not aware of the fact
thatSUNY has no direct investments in South Africa.
Well, not only do we know this, but we also know that
having an investment in a company that does business in a
racist regime is no less a crime than directly doing
business in one. The fact remains that U.S. investments in
South Africa are concentrated in the most crucial sectors
of its economy — oil and energy, automobiles; and com-
puters. By strengthening its economy, these investments
greatly increase the ability of the Apartheid regime to
hold onto its power. If U.S. investments were not ‘so
crucial to” the survival of the regime it would not now be a
crime in South Africa, punishable by a minimum of ﬁve
years in jail and a maximum death sentence, to support
divestment. '

Mr. Staub also stated that if divestment caused com-
panies to stop dealing with the Apartheid government it
would “only hurt the blacks of South Africa since these
facilities are shining examples of desegragation." Mr.
Staub is obviously referring to the renown Sullivan Prin-
ciples, drafted in 1976, that call for non-segregation of
fair employment practices. What Mr. Staub apparently
doesn’t know is that two years later the average monthly
wage for a black miner was still $175 compared to a
White’s $1,056. I wonder if he knows that four years later
210 out of 350 U.S. companies still hadn’t agreed to even
try the principles, and that these “shining examples of
desegregation" only employ about .5 percent of South
Africa's black population. In fact, Reverend Sullivan
himself, recognizing that the principles he drew up have
not made a dent in South Africa’s system of injustice, has ‘
now called for a complete U.S. embargo against South
Africa, including total corporate withdrawal if apartheid

‘ is not ended within two years. Bishop Tutu, who was

originally afraid that divestment would harm South
Africa blacks, now advocates it. I do not understand how
Mr. Staub can so easily overlook the fact that in spite of
the danger, black leaders of the trade union movement,
South African churches, and political organizations have
found ways to call for divestment. Before being murdered
by the South African police in 1977, equal rights leader
Steve Biko said, “If Washington is really interested in
contributing to the development of a just society in South
Africa. it would discourage investment in South Africa. ”

Mr. Staub also claims that if we pulled our companies
and investments out of South Africa, they would “just
buy the products they needed from other companies
around the world." This ignores the growing impact of
parallel anti-apartheid movements abroad; Canada,
France and Northern Europe, for example. It also ignores
South Africa's declining economy and the risk involved in
inVesting there.

As for divestment “hurting ourselves," as Mr. Staub
states, perhaps he should consider the thousands of jobs
those companies could provide for unemployed U.S.

citizens if they operated in our own country instead of

searching out cheap labor in others. It seems to me that it
is Mr. Staub who does not understand divestment —- not
the students who were up at 6:00 a.m. marching down to
SUNY Central to voice their beliefs in the pouring rain.
It seems to me that it is Mr. Staub who does not unders-

. tand divestment —- not the students who were up at 6 am.

marching down to SUNY Central to voice their beliefs in
the pouring rain. Subsequently, he does a great injustice
to these students and all who would benefit from divest-
ment. That is — the entire human race.

—— Danielle Korotzer

 

