 

MY TURN

 

 

 

By JASON SALZMAN

The Suicide-Pill Option

 

 

 

rown University students over-
B whelminglypassed a referendumon

our student-council election ballot
last fall asking our infirmary “to stockpile
suicide pills for optional use by students
only after a nuclear war.“ I call on college
students across the country to put the same
measure up for a vote at their schools.

Although Brown oilicials refused to
stockpile the suicide pills, the referendum
was in no way a failure. Most students voted
for it as a symbol anyway. Although the
original intent ofthe organizers was literal,
the referendum does not have to be viewed
that way. And the absurdity of requesting
suicide pills fades away when one thinks
about the consequences of a nuclear war
and the way we deal with the thought of
nuclear war in general.

I get four types of reactions when I
propose that students adopt a suicide-pill
referendum: (1) It‘s nothing but a crazy
joke. (2) It's an offensive idea that does more
harm than good. (3) It's worth supporting.
(4) What it says is irrelevant; it‘s not worth
the time to listen to the idea.

Students who think that the suicide-pill
proposal is ajoke are easily dealt with. They
discoverthat I'm serious and ask something
about the logistics ofthe program, such as
where the pills would be guarded or distrib-
uted. For people who have not thought
about it,just verbalizing the idea ofsuicide
after a nuclear war is important. The pros-
pect makes them understand a little bit
more about what nuclear war means. This
educational value alone makes the suicide-
pill proposal worthwhile.

nother group ofstudents either find
A the plan personally olfcnsivc or a

poor way to show concern. First,
they argue that it is defeatist; it encourages
people to accept nuclear war as suicide so
that they will do nothing to prevent it. But I
think that the ﬁrst step in preventing nucle-
ar war is to make people realize, as much as
is humanly possible. what it means.

Some students also say that suicide is too
serious in subject to use in this way. I argue
that this belief shows how good the ap-
proach is. People should hejust as upset by
the prospect of nuclear war as by the pros-
pect of suicide. How better to show the
degree of destruction that a nuclear war

would inﬂict than to point out how it would
affect our most sacred value, our value of
life itself? Suicide, like life, would take on a
whole new meaning. Our “never give up,
never cop out“ ethic would be meaningless
after a nuclear war. [fa nuclear war occurs,
we will be robbed ofour humanity. All this
is hard to imagine because the destructive
power of nuclear war is unimaginable. But
we must try to face it.

Some students also ask what would hap-
pen if there were a limited nuclear war.
Although l believe limited nuclear war is
like limited pregnancy or limited death, 1
respond that the suicide pills would be op-
tional and that a student could make up his
or her mind when the time comes.

 

It is an important
symbol: it shows
our concern about
nuclear war; it
shows we are scared.

 

Students needn‘t agree with all the possi-
ble justiﬁcations to accept the suicide~pill
option. Most people don‘t.

Some people support it for the same rea-
sons that they support the freezc—as an
important symbol. It shows their concern
about the problems of nuclear war and dis-
armament. It shows that we are scared.

The suicide option emphasizes people‘s
beliefthat surviving nuclear war is a danger-
ous illusion. If it is believed that a nuclear
war will be won by the side with the most
survivors or by the side which can rebuild
the fastest. then waging a nuclear war he-
comes a realistic, not theoretical, idea. Opt-
ing for suicide pills would debunk the “nu-
clear winners" hypothesis.

Similarly, nuclear war is often associated
with words such as “victory,” "survival,"
and “recovery.” The suicide-pill program
links more appropriate words to nuclear
war such as “death” and "suicide."

On an even more theoretical level, the
suicide-pill program is a logical way to sta-
bilize the arms race. It would demonstrate
to the Soviet Union that people in the Unit-

ed States are absolutely serious about pre-
venting nuclear war. By denying the in-
stinctive desire for life after nuclear war, we
would be making the strongest possible
statement for peace and disarmament.

erhaps one of the best reasons is also
P the most simple: life after nuclear

war, iﬁpossible, would be undesira-
ble. As the phrase goes, ‘-‘the living willenvy
the dead."

Students also support the suicide-pill op-
tion because it is a good response to the
government‘s civil-defense programs. The
emergency-evacuation plan, a scheme de-
signed to move people from the cities to the
farmsbeforethebombsstartfalling(inother
words, “back to the garden"), and the "in-
place option," hiding from nuclear war in
the basements of buildings around campus,
are both absurd projects that our govern-
mettt expends too much energy on. The
number and destructive power of Soviet
nuclear missiles make any shelter plan use-
less. Civil defense is a prenuclear-age con-
cept that cannot be transplanted into the
nuclearage.

Now, about those students who will not
even listen to the idea. Sometimes I try to
catch their attention by asking them, “Do
you think you can survive a nuclear war?"
Students have replied with something like
this, “IfI can make it through college I can
survive anything." Although clearly spo-
ken injest, this response illustrates an un-
spoken mind-set. Asked about survival, the
ﬁrst thing theSe students think about is col-
lege. In many ways this is understandable.
It is hard to realize that political problems,
including the threat of nuclear weapons.
can be almost as immediate as what‘s right
in front of us. It is easy to forget that the
bombs could start falling from the sky be-
fore your next exam starts.

Because of the suicide-pill referendum,
Brown students have engaged in intense
debate about the complex moral. political
and philosophical questions that are bound
up with the arms race. By sponsoring a
similar referendum at your college, you can
ignite important discussion in this terribly
apathetic age.

Jason Salzmtm is a junior at Brown and
jaunt/er 0/ Study!) Is for Suicide Tablets.

 

 

 

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MARCH I‘JBS

 
   
   
      
 

   
   
 
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
    
  

., NOT YOUR ORDINA SH
. ‘ Sumo onnowf" ’lRif’ili‘:(i!lt‘Cil‘iklll(i " ‘ ’, 
you‘llnovergohatktonhordirmwshavu.limxutsvnow' _  __
1* [alga ad

  
   
  

YULt'u: 401 4076 mer H( h lttln‘ltunts than the loading
loam So‘ Ll tit-t t“.“t‘.'iillt\tJ vmt rrmlte “warm it
. haw Nutst‘ntttgtlunatwitdidn't/\ntextrtr

't-ttt w utt Ilnnlrtrt ,

   
  
  
  
   

   
 

 

mltu postal 1" this ad, st‘lltiﬁ Lttll t itl'lh In nutttm mtlm |).|\.t|t|l‘ lul tlgt- i’tl

It}! .i l" , .
i. H. \Iltm J ~tn w-vhltmv'r whtl “iliit' st'tpnlin-s i.l\l.\tllli \\ lit-w pmlulnltjti,

\tatlisu'm.

  

