~.'

 

'l

 

 

SCHOLARSHIPS
_ AVAILABLE

Over $100,000,000 In college scholarships are available from
business and Industry. professional associations. trade unions.
religious and clvlc groups, and thousands of other sources As college
costs escalate at a double digit pace. you will want to obtain them.
Your chances of receiving full or partial scholarshlps are excellent it
you know where to look and start now.

Our publication “Scholarships Are Walling" will introduce you to
thousands of sources that have scholarships, grants and other forms
of assistance and will Instruct you or now to contact them. For your
personal copy. send $7.95. check oi moneyprder. to:

NATIONAL SCHOLARSHIP SERVICE
4200 Wlsoonlln Av... mu. 0 Suite too. sex 234 - wartiin me. more

 

 

 

Graduate Management ‘
' Study in Israel '

Boston University and -
Ben—Gurion University of the Negev

Master of Science
in Managment

Full—time study in Israel— _ .
One ear programv Taught In English
Full arnpus acilities

Learn about this excitin
educational venture at t e
opening meeting:

Thursda Feb. 7, 7—9 pm.

SUNY Albany

Campus Center

Assembly Hall

1400 Washington Avenue

Albany, NY

Refreshments will be served.

F information about the o n meeting
33:1 a co of the Program Bpgoklet ,
call: «:1 53-2987 v

or wri e: _

Director. Graduate Program'm .Israel
Boston U niversi Metropolitan College
755 Common th Avenue

Boston. Massachusetts 02215

zéispaﬁg ALBANY srvvm miss D. reamsJANUARXZMW. 

By Mike Skolnlck -
STAFF WRITER r

Going into the winter vacation
the junior varsity basketball team
was playing very well and it was

looked forward to the remainder
of the season. However, things
have changed for the team.

their last four games. two of them
by a heartbreaking one point.
This brought their record on the
season to 8—4 as they prepare for
the toughest part of their
schedule. . I

In their most recent outing
Saturday. the Danes ' lost to

marked by poor officiating, ac-
cording to Coach Jim Boland.

shots from the post but we only
went to. the line 7 times," he
noted. Meanwhile Williams.
primarily a perimeter shooting
team, went to the line 31 times. i

Statistically the team was led by
Brett Axelrod and Jeff Kee who
had identical statistics of 14
points and 13 rebounds. Addi—
tionally. the loss of starting guard
John Carmella to the varsity
squad and the absence of Tony
Dickens for three of the past ﬁve
games has hurt the team. Dickens
was set to start last night as the
Danes played Hudson Valley
Community College.

In their contest at Cobleskill,
the Danes lost by one, 67-66. In
this game ‘the team managed to

stay close thanks to a pressure

with anticipation that the team.

They have dropped three of'

2027 from the charity stripe. Ax-
Williams. 60-49. The. game was_

“Our big guys took thirty-four_

 

 

defense applied for the last two
minutes of the first half. The
Danes were dqwn‘by 14 with 1:51
left to play and they narrowed the
lead to 35-3] at halftime.

"We played good pressure
defense, forced turnovers and
made' our shots, which put us
back in the game," said Boland.

With three seconds left, Reisy
inger hit a shot that put the Danes
down by one, but time ran out
before they c0uld call time out.
The team’s foul shooting which
‘had been off lately, returned to
good form as the Danes were

elrod led the team, scoring 20
points and pulling down 18
rebounds.

The- team’s last victory came
against Colgate as they won han:
diiy. 61-46. The team's man-to-
man defense improves for this
game according to Coach Boland.

“Colgate wasn't a good team
and we needed a win to get our
confidence going. Our foul
shooting wasn’t good, l9-29 from
the line," said Boland.

JV 'Danestsiieirsr Williams; 604499

 

 

 

  
 

ﬁrst tintega‘nd " hang'out;on»the'bea'ch.".
~ But- thisT=winter expedition wasn’t all
funv,and,_garn'es. The trimmers trained

twice‘a ‘day at the‘ University of Puerto

Rico and were also required‘to kick with a
kick. board for at‘ least an? hour in the
Caribbean. ‘ -

‘- This trip all the swimmers trained hard.
and,according to sophomore Mike
Koutelis. working in a SO-meter pool really
improved their efficiency: Fred Green-
baum was a perfect example. He swam in

'Brown andfll'ate‘s also competed. Green-

 
    

Division I schools such as Columbia,

baum took second in the 50-meter f reestyl
in a great showing for the team. I . 

In’ their first meet after returning from
Puerto Rico last'Tuesdathe men swim-
mers vwere topped by Hamilton, 59-34.
Coach Tumage said that “the swimmers
were adjusting from meters to yards and

that we’ll be seeing better times from now

until-the states.”

Tumage was accurate in his analysis.
This past Saturday. the Danes beat St; a
Michaels 77-35. Both coaches and swim—
mers were pleased. The men‘s team took
lst place in every event except for th'e'IOO
y'ard backstroke. a

 

I .suauMinnL . v.
PERSUHSION" rapes '

WANT
ADVANTAGE?

Do well on Exams,
establish good study 1

Jeff Kennedy. a junior, broke captain The swimmers have been melding
together as a team lately, according to An-
drew Motola: “The attitude' of the team
has been better than ever." he commented

Jim Neiland. a sophomore, took lst
with a time of l:58.9 in the 200 yard
freestyle. In that same race Frank thley.
second.
Leibowitz, a sophomore, took third. It too.
was a common occurrence last Saturday
for the Danes to capture all three places in junior Michael Wright, in order to capture

I :

senior, took

single race.

Tom Hardy's freestyle record with an
outstanding time of 10:39.].

“I didn't expect to break the record. he
“stated. I was just aiming for under II
minutes and when I saw people getting ex-
cited. I thought that's what they‘ were
cheering about."jAfter the race, captain
Tom Hardy was first at hand to graciously
congratulate his teammate.

after.Saturday's meet.

ETUESDA Y.JA’NUARY 29, 19.85 D ALBANY STUDENT P111355  

°   1" 

an inviational'meet in Puerto Rico. where

Diver Mike Vardy was happy with his
performance against St. Mich ads, but felt
that “the judges were overscoring, but we
weren’t complaining." Vardy feels that

they “all dove more consistently than they

have dove all season."

The Danes will meet their arch rival.
RPI on Wednesday for what should be a
very exciting competitive meet. Coach

and Marc Turi‘age is optimistic and swimmers are

another victory." ‘

 

Axelrod and Dickens led the
way finishing respectively with 10
points and I3 points. “When we
haveIDickens in it gives me four
big men to work with,” remarked
Boland. “This keeps everyone
fresh and allows me to work out
different combinations."

In their first two games since
the break the Danes beat. Hart-
wick and lost to Oneonta 60-59.

UPS
Freeze Storey drives to the
basket.

In that game, the team was hurt
by poor free throw shootingIhit-
ting only 11-21 shots. Axelrod
was a force to be reckoned with,
scoring 21 points and pulling
down 25 rebounds.

The remainder of the season

looks tough for the. earn as they _

play Junior College of Albany
twiceandUniontwice. ‘ III

Home from a two week winter expedition to tor-
rid Puerto Rico, the Albany State women‘s swimm-
ing team opened the second semester with a 58-53
triumph over St. Michael’s. The squad's dual meet

 

 

 

 

 

  

By giving ruurscll lllt‘ airlvaiitiige of ii M
ytillfbt'liil l)t‘llt'l‘lipptil1llll|iy than an M
II pioduclivc. lucrative ctirecr as it corporate product Illitllli L'f ttl’ account executive.

us itirrlt-liiils today. in cull Professor red I), RI‘YniililS iiit-Illll.

Can you pickout
931“ e

 
   
   

 

 

 

:istcrs of Brand Management. you're giving
to gel :i inl) iiiitl quickly succeed at biiil ing

It st-lcctcrl fur admittance llllir the Masters of lirziiit Management pttigriiin. yuii'll

speiitl lllilt: iii the classrtuim and spend time aistisulzirietl inimi wttli zi Iniljill' iiiitiiintil
Ctllllpiln .Qutililying applicants may iilsn he cligililc fur ai hii.llU(l scholarship III the form
ultitux rt-c stipcii .

Discover the (liift-rciicc itllt‘. do we can make. list: (In: Ctilrll)i)ill)ll)§lvisi\\' in contact

    

I’I'ufcrtrtnr Fred I). Rcynnltlri
Brooks Hull

The Universilyhof(lcorgiii
Athena. (EA Ill ‘02

Please sviitiiiit- Illlltl’lllililtillttIlIllt‘ .‘tliisIt-rsni lll’lliiil Mitilllgt‘lllt‘lll I’rligriiut.
Niiinc  _..
Address . 

School

 

 

 

‘ - “Doesn’t this look liké
’Saravis' expression seemed to

record is now 5-3. V

Three personal bests were set in Saturday’s after-
noon meet. Sophomore Carole Elie clockcd a 27.8
seconds in the 50 freestyle. Carol Pearl swam a
108.6 in winning the loo-yard butterfly race, and
Mary Baily continued her rapid improvement in the
500 freestyle, recdrding a time of 6:09.

Coach Dave Tumage’s swimmers left for Puerto
Rice on January 3 and spent II days training both

i J Gymnasts top RIC

Women swimmers wiritc 995-31

outdoors and indoors. The girl's,"sportihg scuba
diving equipment. went through workouts in the:
Carri ;  . i; 1.5;. '

The swimmers got inza fewscri ranges while;
there. The club facedﬂPuerto Rico Universityin.
preparation for the Second Annual San Juan Swim-
ming and Diving Charnpionships;'which included a
flock of Division I schools, such as brown. €0lum-‘
bin, and St. John’s. 'The to'ti'rndinent was at the
same pool where the Pan-American games are held.

  

e z

The women swimmers next dual meet is tomor-
row night against cross-town rival, RPLW

.\'

 

‘ <23

back Albany’s positive attitude.
Performing to n high-spirited
“Hooked on Swing" medley.
Saravis radiated cnthus‘asrn.

llm?"

ask. “Don't you wish you could
be out here with me?"
Apparently she got her

‘ messsage across. for Albany's re-

maining gymnasts, Bellantoni and
Husak, both turned in strong
routines, scoring 8.3’s. Although

«Back Page ,
aids our confidence." '

Seras acknowledged that. “There’s a very friend-
ly atmosphere on this team, it‘s a very together feel-
ing. Of course. it’s much easier to feel that way if

R.I.C.‘s Dusza won .the event
with an 8.9 and also the event,
38.35-37.0, it was not enough to
overtake Albany. v

The team has much potential to
score higher than Saturday’s
Seasonal high of l49.l. Arm-
strong was unable to compete on
floor, sophomore Terri Sokol,
one of, ,the team's strongest
vaulters, is recovering from an
ankle injury, as is Karen Bailey. a
strong all-arounder who last year

-_ ‘ Wrestlers stay unbeaten, 15-0

unalified for the NCAA Division
II Regionals.

Bailey, who competed only on 1

bars on Saturday. is determined
not to rush her comeback.

“I want to be able to do
everything I could do before when
l compete again. not do only half
of what I'm capable of."

The team will travel next to
Massachusetts on Tuesday for a
meet against Smith College and
then up to.Brockport on Saturday

that match or in the States. But then again, no one

always performs up to their ability.

The Danes will have to be back at their best this
week as they host Western New England Wednes-
day night, and the Coast Guard Academy, Central

to

habits, become a ‘
faster reader,write
creatively, improve
your Memory and
Concentration. And
much. much more.
All tested, pro-'
van and sold with a
MONEY BA CK
GUARANTEE!!! __
send TODAY for
FREE CATALOG
. magmas... i

 

451 Wyn-Shaker Rd.
 12110
I I ' " 't».

Adm-s— -‘ ~ 4- 

 

 

SCIENCE. 
MAJORS ‘
Interested medicai VV

research 7

Applications for

Ph. D. '
programs in Anatomy,
Biochemistry
Microbiolog y, Phar-
macology, and

 J’ siugw'i"?   ‘ .I

  

Vuarnet Sunglasses

1.000 SICOND

6 GRAND PRIZIS
Spend Spring Break In Daytona BeaehIYou
and a triend can enjoy your SpringBreak
this year with this eight day. seven night trip.
Including round trip air fare. hotel reserva-
tions and $500 spending money!

 

 

 

      

menus-nominees“

1. On an Ottlclal Entry Form or plain piece 013' it 5' paper hand print
your name. address. phone number. age. and the name at your
college or university

2. MAILALLE lESTD:LIta BeerSpring BraaltSweopstakeo. PO
Box 4171. Blair, NE 68009. Each entry must be mailed as

pava
All entries must be received by February 8, 1085. Winners will be
determined In a random drawing Irorn among all entire: received
under the supervision cltho D. L Blair Corporation. an Indepen-
dent Judging organization whose decisions are llnll on all matters
relating to this otter. We cannot be responsible for lost. late or

  

“We will have to b:: at their best," said

main-given.- “ s

you're winning."

The Danes continued their winning ways on
Saturday when they defeated St. Lawrence. 25-20.
Despite the fact that St. Lawrence is ranked eighth
nationally, Demeo was not happy with his team’s

Connecticut, and top-ranked Ithaca on Saturday.

“We match up against Ithaca, and we could con-
ceivably beat them." said Demeo. “I sat down last
night and figured out that we have two guys who
absolutely should win. and six guys who should

 

I’h ys iolog y are now b e ing Uta 599' Spilﬂﬂ Bfe'ﬂk Pom?! misdirected mull.
k . . 3. This sweepstakes to open to residents at the United States who
ac C e P ed. are at legal drinking-ago In their state and who are attending I
I!" {agilehgﬁl or allanTnIlgo on a tullpohrllpaa-Ilrwe baolkli‘tlme an entry.
e or row ng mpany. p o a. inc. 9 r at butora,
Assistan ts h . I". m m I.” mu” I alﬂllates. subsidiaries. advertising and promotion agencies. retell
‘Ps OFFICIAL mm FORM :L‘cghﬁggmrggiosemumd mama arm-""3"" ole-ch
. . weeps es v0 are I lied by law
“val lab (9- NO PURCHASE NECESSARY A, ‘ ‘ Umlt one prize per family Thus: on prizes are the sole responsi-
Nm ‘ blllty ol prize winners. All Federal. State and local laws and regu-
. - . E: tallons apply. The odds of winning a prize depend upon the
For more information. number oI entries received. For a list ol major prize winnere. send
contact, mousse: a SEPARATE. sell-addressed. stamped envelope to: Lite Bear
- Spring Break Wlnnora Llei. E0. Box 4179. Blalr. NE 68009.
City: amt: llP. 4. The Grand Prize winners and traveling companions must agree
COLLEGE OF to depart. to Daytona Beach. Florida during the winner's school's
GRADUATE ADE: TELEPthNE:§ i 1985 Spring Break. Trip includes round trip alr tare. seven (7)
STU D 1 ES ‘——"*'——‘ nlntits hotel accommodations and $500 spending money Grand
SCHOOL NAME: Prlze travelers must some to depart and return on dates specllled

 

by the Miller Brewlng Company. No substitution ol prizes ls per-

performance.

 

win. The way I scored it. I gave them nine points.


2 Look inside for our January Sports Magazine, which
features Andy Seras, Albany State’s finest wrestler

 

S.U.N.Y. Upstate
Medical Center
Syracuse, New York
I32IO

 

 

I state that I rim of legal drinking age In my slate at residence
In an Itcoltollc beverage license.
MI" "III BMW lorm in: the Beer Spring Break Sweepst

R0. ox
Blair. NE 68009

and hold no Interest

akes

 

mllied. Grand Prlze travelers must be at least 19 years oi age
by the departure data or the trip. Prize winners will be obligated
to slun and return an Afﬁdavit of Ellglblllty within 10 days of nail-
llcatlon. In the event oi non-compliance within this time period.

 

“ will be awarded to alternate winncra

 

 

 

 

 

an alternate winner will be selected. Any prize returned)

Miller Brewing Co.. Milw.. WI

 

 

 

“venom .. ...a._. 

