The newest tad kicking around
campus these days is a hall that
doesn’t even bounce!

By Nancy M. Jones

t's reassuring to know that in today's changing
world. sortie things remain the same. Take. for
instance college students
Yes. yes, it’s- trite that students ofthe 'Htl's are
career conscious. methodically ploddittg along to-
ward that pot of gold at the ettd ofthe rainbow . .
What everyone seettts to ltave forgotten is how
dedicated those knowledge-httngry students are
when it cotttes to tile subject of entertaintnent.

Consider tlte latest craze on campus.

You've seen them, hanging out in a circle, kick-
ittg sotttething from otte foot to tire next. No. they
are ttot practicing what they are going to do when
they go ltottte to feed their pet.

'i‘hey're playittg foothag. That's right. footbag.
'i'lte youth of the world is fascinated by a ball that
doesn't even bounce!

liven more amazing is ltow seriously this play-
titue activity is taken. (me enthusiast. Attdy i.intler.
kicked a loolhag .5 | . iﬁi times in three and otte-half
hours to take the world record for contittuotts
flight. A stttdettt at Trinity College itt Deerlield,
illittois'. this footbag king even has his own line of
Andy lander Autograph Footbags (iiacky Sack. the
popular natue for footbagging. is WhatttO's trade-
tnark for tltetr footbag line.)

So. now i've sparked a little interest in footbag
ging. have 1? (Anything for a prize.) A sport you
cottld jump into with both feet? ()ne warning be
fore you start. begttt wrtlt at least one foot on the
grottnd belore soaring oil to more spectacttlar
tricks.

To jump in, you need to practice tlte three basic
ways to kick the bag
THE INSIDI’. KICK: This Is the tnost l):lt\'lt‘..lll§l llex
your knee and kick the bag straight up with the

I!) zltn/u'rs‘mul

  ampus Kicks

inside of your foot. No. straight tip. So far, so
good.

THE OUTSIDE KICK: Use this when the bag is
falling outside the line of yottr shoulders. Kick the
bag straight up with the outside of your foot. Oops.
that's a hard one.

THE BACK KICK: Of course. you can use this
when tlte ball is falling behind you. This is a little
tricky because you ltave to lean forward to make
this kick. hitting the ball with the same part ol'your
foot as the Outside Kick. Keep practicing. Yes, it's
supposed to look silly.

Once yott can do the basic kicks without falling
flat on your face. you can try some ilacky Sack
games, The Consectttive game is’simple; just keep
the footbag airborne. alone or with some friends,
for as long as you can. (No, no. no. i don't mean
kick your friends with the bag. I mean kick the bag
to your friends.)

The Freestyle lets you use your own personality
and keep it going any way you want. Needless to
say, this is the tttost popular. i think they shottld
rename it Collegestyle: Forget Learning The Rules.

Perhaps now yott're ready for the game called
Net. which foothag enthusiasts call "the ultimate
challenge for your feet.” Played with a liveAfoot net
and the basic scoring rttles of volleyball. this one
will really keep you on your toes.

Finally. there is i-‘oothag Golf, No. it's not just for

One warning before you start:
begin with at least one foot on
the ground...

the older set. httt it entails the same quest as regu-
lar golf. namely. putting the darned little thing in
the hole.

This weird sport was born in Portland. Oregon in
1972 to one John Stalberger. lie began using a
footbag in a program ofphysical therapy following
a severe knee injttry received in a football game.
(Say, We just given you a top~l0 excuse for foot-
hagging anytime you want. "it's therapeutici")

Although Staiberger fathered this game in its
modern American incarnation. its ancestor cottld
be the Chinese iitnperor liwang 'ilt. lie reptttedly
developed a footbag game which used a little
leather sack filled with hair. Like its cousin, soccer.
the gattte ltas been played in innumerable varia-
tions ever since.

if you are now sttliiclently impressed to devote
your life to footbagging. you are itt luck. Greg Cor-
topassi and iiruce (ittettlch have formed the World
Footbag Association (WM). Organized ltt i985,
the WM is dedicated to. as they put ll. "promoting.

educating. and stimulating interest in all footbag
games. foothags and most importantly. you the
player.”

You too can become one of the 3,000 members
worldwide by calling the WFA headquarters in
Golden. Colorado (303)278-9797. There is no
truth to the rumor that your application will be
accepted only if you can dial with your toes or
kneecaps.

Nancy M. Jones is a graduate of [be Unit/ersio' of

Wisconsin«Mi/untuth who now spends her lime
kicking around in (be big cily of]. as Ange/es.

October 1985

 

 

 

 

 

CAMPUS ACTIVISM

( Continued ji'om page 7) real fast.
Students are not apathetic. but they
are skeptical about the value of
marching."

An ongoing, etnotion-charged is-
sue is a prerequisite for keeping the
movement rewing, says McFetridge.
"Vietnam is what did it last time.

October / 085

t t w th  faser.
\ﬁithihe’IIﬁSﬂ.

to perform complex calcula- the Tl—55-ll even simpler.
tiorts — like deﬁnite integrals. and shows you how to use all
linear regression and hyper the power of the calculator.

What you need to tackle
the higher mathematics of a
science or engineering cur-

riculum are more functions —
more functions than a simple

slide-rule calculator has.
Enter the Tl—55’ll. with

112 powerful functions. You

can work faster and more

accurately with the Tl-55-ll.

because it's preprogrammed

© 1985 Tl

holics — at the touch of a
button. And it can also be

Get to the answers faster.
Leta Tl-55’ll i

programmed to do repetitive show you how.

problems without re’entcring
the entire formula.

Em
Included is the Calculator INSTRUMENTS

Decision—Making Sourccbook.
it makes the process of using

Creating useful products
and services for you.

 

Now it depends. i guess. on whether
the Us. will go to war in Central
America. Reagan's cuts in linancial
aid aren't enough to keep people an
sot"

()ne measure. perhaps, of the po
tential for broad appeal of tltese new
protests is the fact that on many catn-
poses the student government has

been atttong the tuost active sectors
organizing the protests, 'i'his con
trasts sharply with the i960's when
many Associated Student groupings
were bastions of the status quo
Columbia's Nessen is among
those predicting growth of the ttcttv
ism and has high hopes pinned on
this October 1 lth. "That's a national

day of protest. the day of the South
African political prisoner. Look for
us. We'll be there "

Marc Cooper is t'l_/l't‘t‘-/(IHL‘t‘ [ml/lit‘u/
til/airsjotmm/Ilrl Imme in /.tI.\‘ Ange
lex. Ills articles and essays have a]:
[reared in numerous ttuI/‘tmul/mhlr-
carrot/s

xllll/It'I'A'lllll/ /"

 

