 

4 ALBANY sruonﬁrpk‘n‘

    

 

T unnels. are SUN YA ’s arteries

By Bette Dzam ba

Beneath the often-mbligned vertical design of the up-
town campus, SUNYA‘s “tunnels” comprise a horizon-
tal underground labyrinth that are longer than Perimeter
Road. And yes, there are even tunnels to some of the
quads.

These underground passageways cover 3.23 miles of
campus. are heat efficient. and despite one ad-
ministrator’s recent prediction that the tunnels might be
closed in the future due to safety hazards. the tunnels are.
for the time being. the breeding ground for SUNYA's
tunnel rats.

Heat efficiency means nothing to them, and neither do
the pedestrians who sometimes block their way. As they
quickly scurry about the passageways. they curse the hills
that are necessary for the distribution of goods to all four
levels of the podium because, for tunnel rats. also known
as the Men’s and Women's indoor track team. these tun-
nels are not a distribution system. Rather. they are a
substitute for a field house.

The men’s cross-country and newly-retired track coach
Robert R. Munsey reminisced about the early days of the
Tunnel Rats. “In 1970 we began to have indoor track on
a very limited basis. when we put in a proposal to expand
the indoor program we were asked ‘Where will you prac—
tice?’ The Presidnet of the university at that time was in-
terested in track. He. the director of athletics and the
director of the physical plant agreed that (we could) use
the tunnels to train in after the workmen were off.“

Munsey continued. "So we moved in lock. stock and
barrel.“ “Other area colleges didn't have fieldhouses at
the time. They were really jealous." he chuckled.

Munsey recalled the day that the “Tunnel Rat"
nickname was born. Barry Brown. now a world-class
Masters runner. Munsey and several other original Tun-
nel Rats were jogging during a warm-down and talking
about how they ought to have a nickname. Brown came
up with the “Tunnel Rats."

Ever since then the runners have worn T‘shirts bearing
their name and the head of a rat. Each year a new color
scheme is designed. The original shirt was yellow with a
black head.

“This year we‘re in the Christmas spirit,” said
Munsey. “' he shirt will be green with a red rat."

 

 

 

89 Tunnel Hat.

7 I tunsiin Y; havens“ 19, 1985

Around Albany”

 

 
 
 

 

—
ERICA SPIEGEL UPS

This will be the sixteenth year of the Tunnel Rats. and
Alumni still write to Munsey to request the latest shirt. he
said.

Munsey added that the team refers to the tunnels as the
“Munsey Memorial Fieldhouse." and have even joked
about burying him under the concrete when he dies.

that “in three or four years when the new field house is
built people will ask 'What were the tunnel rats?‘ and
‘Where are the tunnels?’ "

That may very well be true, according to Dennis x

Stevens. Assistant Vice President for Facilities. who said the gnaw-nigh! forum (writing on desksvand bathroom
walls) so l have a lot of talking to do..." She concluded
with a “P.S.. This is greatl I’ve never come out on the
computer before!" -

that sometime in the future, the University may close the
tunnels to all pedestrian trafﬁc. Garbage collection.
maintenance, deliveries. and pedestrians. are sOmetimes
in conflict with each other, potentially creating a safety
hazard and impeding efficient maintenance.

“The tunnels were originally provided for service and
maintenance to the various buildings,” Stevens explain—
ed, as the details start spilling out.

“The design incorporates a number of utility services
with maintenance. A light vehicle way allows for the
necessary support to the buildings on campus." Stevens
continued.

Through the arteries flow packages. mail, trash. leaves.
new equipment, hot water. cold water. telephone cables,
signal cables for heating. ventilation and air conditioning,
and people.

as the University’s DEC 20 computer, the bulletin
board or B Board, has attracted a different audience
from the usual computer hackers and CSI students-
homosexuals.

dent initiated) account and participate. but for gay and
lesbian students the service provides both room for
4 open discussion and anonimity.

bian Alliance co-chair. homosexual students are using
the DEC 20 computers as a medium to discuss perti-
nent issues. “Gay issues,” said Leonard. “ are not
usually out in a place that they can be debated — on
computers they can be. I felt it was a way to reach out
to people who are heterosexual and give homosexuals
the opportunity to express how they feel."
munications. poses a new issue to the BBoard users
each week. Often. however. the correspondents'
tangents become the topic of discussion. Topics have
With a bit of melancholy in his voice Munsey noted included AIDS. the need forastate Gay Rights Bill. the
bias of words, homophobia. and bisexuality.

and how it’s being used. One lesbian student wrote,

out in a place that they can
be debated — on computers

Gay concerns
being debated-
via computer

By Lisa Rizzolo

A forum which has been around for almost as long

Any student can obtain an I.S.I. (independent stu-

Encouraged by Joseph Leonard, the Gay and Les-

Leonard. a former CSI major who switched to Com-

A quick look at the B—Board shows why it's popular

‘...All of these years at school I have held back from

"‘Gay issues are not usually

they can be.”

—-Joseph. Leonard

 

The tunnels under the podium, often used to go to class
without suffering from the howling Albany winds. are
not the only ones on campus. They comprise only 8532
feet of the total.

The four quads host a total of6400 ft. Dutch. Colonial
and State are connected to the podium by another 800 ft.
of tunnel. used mainly to house huge heating pipes. ln-
dian was built last and is not connected. said Stevens. The
tunnels connecting three of the quads to the podium are
not open to pedestrians. Stevens said. because they are
unsafe due to a combination of heat and electrical
services.

A 1300 foot stretch also connects the power plant.
located near Fuller Road. to the podium. The total length
is 3.23 miles, said Stevens.

“The tunnels improve the efficiency ot the campus not
only in terms of our being able to distribute the utilities

Stevens.

The tunnels house the prime component of the campus
utilities system. Pipes carry the high temperature hot
water used to heat all of the buildings on campus. The
water circulates and returns to the power house. The heat
loss from this distribution system is lost to the structure
rather than the ground, helping to save energy. There
are also tunnels beneath the main tunnels. which carry
conduits that monitor campus fire alarm systems.
heating. ventilation and air conditioning systems. These
tunnels below the tunnels also distribute the telephone

lines. too. Wrote someone using the name Zhree during a
debate on bias in language. “Mailmen and Mailwomen
aren‘t necessary; but without mnllcouriers and mailcur-
rierswe would have difficulty communicating with dis-

And in case of fire.t'ive sepcrnte doors would segment
the tunnels automatically in case of fire.

in addition to the tunnel rats. Stevens said the tunnels
are used by other groups. as well. The physics department I
has used the long struightuwuys for experiments. while
the Performing Arts Center stores scenery there. And a
high capacity elevator lifts works of art from the tunnel's \
depths. _ .

Bette Dzunibu is an editorial assistant for the Albany Stu-
dent Press.

 

straight) forum on the DEC. GREAT IDEAl!l(way to
go Joe)...A Gay-Straight forum is a way for all
students regardless of our particular sexual orientation
to express our views on topics of mutual concern."

the BBoard in response to the Gay-Straight forum.

were discussed and said there are “more acceptable "
places to discuss such issues.
straight forum on BBoard is really getting me a little
pissed off. i don‘t have anything against gays. and I
don’t have anything agaist them speaking out, up to a
certain point...Gay issues just aren't my idea of good
or fun or interesting when 1 sign on to my favorite com-
puter. and l firmly believe that they don’t belong
but also in terms of energy conservation,” boasted there."

was that person's right to not read if he didn’t want to.
Responded one person. signed Pat. “The bottom line I
suppose is that you want to have the right to be ig-
norant. the right to live inside your computer and not
see ANYTHING else."

four more weeks. “By that time enough will have been

stated to do as much good as the medium of the
BBoard could do." said Leonard.

pluiner. “ is not the issues. per say, but the fact that

.‘

gisa Rizzolo is a staff writer for the Albany Studﬂ
ress

Another message reads: “Concerning the 6-5 (gay-

In contrast. there are some negative comments on
One student protested that the “same old issues"

He wrote, “This gay-

Many people responded to the allegations. saying it

The gay-straight forum will continue for three 0r

There is a touch of humor in many of the merssages.

ant relatives (perhaps that’s just as well! )."
“The key to the forum.” wrote Leonard to a com-

ve've gotten people to talk about the issues. By doing
his we show the humanity of us all."

 

 

 

 

cites RA roles, students’ priVacy

By James O’Sulllvan
NEWS EDITOR

A Student Association
response paper released Monday
has blasted the administration’s
decision to ban kegs in suites and
dorms on three seperate grounds.

The decision to ban kegs and
beerballs. which was made two
weeks ago by the University
Council. deities students' right to
privacy, will negatively affect the
Resident Assistant position. and
undermines SUNYA’s decision-
making machinery. says the
report.

“It is imperative to note that
the Student Association does not
hold the policy to be unen-
forceable." reads the report.
“Rather. we believe there will be
an unacceptable trade-off bet-
ween the students’ rights to
privacy and any moderate level of
enforcement."

“The costs to the students
severely outweigh any contrived
beneﬁts associated with the
policy." the report continues.

SA President Steve Gawley said
the policy would only be adhered
to by “random. by chance en-
forcement -- there isn;t any other
way to do it.”

The problems tied to enforcing
the ban. said Gawley..will lead to
further deterioration of the RA
position. i t

The SA paper. quoted
arguments against a ban made by
Assistant Vice President for
Residential Life and Student
Development John Martone in
June. ‘1985. “Martone argued
that his staff would not and could
not recommend a ban on multiple
containers without reviewing the
situation in the residence halls
after the new age would go into
effect." said the report.

“Martone further held that
RA’s should not be placed in a
position of enforcing a ban on
kegs or beerballs.” the report
continued.

Gawley said RAs should not be
forced into a position of being
both peers and police. ““ The
worst possible scenario would be
a basic distrust (and). . .exclusion
of your RA from weekend life at
the dorm," he added.

“This isn't an opinion coming
from me. it's coming straight
from the M5 at that meeting,”
Gawley said. referring to a
meeting held two Sundays before
at which RAs were invited to
discuss the ban.

The ban will “tear down any
attempts to build spirit” in the
dorms. added Gawley. because of
the distrust between RAs and
residents.

Gawley also said he was sur-
prised when Vice President for
Student Affairs Frank Pogue sug-
gested the ban because one of
Pogues priorities has been

building a sense of community at
SUNYA. “This doesn’t seem to
fit in with the other priorities of
the vice-president,” he said.
Both Gawley and SA Executive
Research Department Director
John Markovs. who wrote the
report, also said the ban jeapor-

“They’ve set a precedent where
they can pick and choose what
they like regardless of what a
committee said.” added Gawley.

Markov said the paper was the
first of several scheduled for this
academic year. Future topics will

“The costs to the students severely
outweigh any contrived benefits
associated with the policy.”

—Student Association Response Paper

 

dizes the integrity of the Universi-
ty decision-making process,
because the ‘21’ committee vbted
against forbidding all bulk con-
tainers. but was overruled by
Pogue without explanation.

“A decision-making process
must have consistency to main-
tain legitimacy.” .the report
states.

include apartheid and an after
December I study of the impact
of the 21-year-old purchase age
on Students.

As for the current paper, said
Gawley “I think what it serves to
do is it makes sure that Student
Association pursues this issue for
the right reason."

 

 

 

“I read the
ASP.”

—a famous,
cool
person

 

 

    

Colle e students with
valid D’s are eligible

for Okemo’s Special College Discount
at the Okemo Mountain Lodge. Con-
dominiums surrounding the Base
Area feature full kitchens, ﬁreplaces,
telephones and cable color TV. Ski-in,
ski-out accomodations conveniently
located to all mountain facilities.

; 

‘ lesser discounts weekends and
Holiday periods 12/25/85—1/1/86,
2/15— 2/21/85.
Okemo has:

in Vermont

12 feet.

summit.

, Half-price discount on
 ‘ lift tickets mid-week

- 58 trails and slopes
- Has the fourth highest vertical drop

0 Has eight major lifts including a
new 4-passenger Chairlift.

- Covers over 60%
terrain with snowmaking.

- Receives an annual snowfall of over

- is the only Eastern ski resort with .Snow Reports
a major town at its base.
- Has a 4% mile novice trail from t

he
- Has two of the. steepest gladed areas
in the Northeast.

'TUESDA Y, NOVEMBER ‘19, .1985. D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

SA report-attacksuniv. keg ban,

TAKE ADVANTAGE or

TUESDAY
PRICE POLICY!

    
   
    
     
    
 
 
 
 
  
    
    
  
  

CENTER 1&2

COLON! REAR 0F nuns - 459-2170

HELLMAN 1&2

WMHINGTON AVENUE ALBANY - 4501322

,_  . 3.2 ‘ _
1 HELEN). TRAFFIC CIRCLE (RT. MIMI - "Ill-1515

PLAZA 1&2

’ ROTTEN!“ MALL. AUAIONT  

    

wt

Half~pricé skiing

at Okemo
makes twice

" ' 7 as‘ muchce'nts.

 

Half-price skiing is
twice the fun.

Write or call for more information:
Lodging, Service . . . 802-228-5571
. 802-228-5222
General information 802-228-4041

 

of its skiable

Okemo Mountain RFD 1, BOX CA, Ludlow, Vermont 05149

 

 

 

    
 

 

