ity.

Phone bills. Electric bills.
‘izil Planners can help.

0 years we’ve successfully

) you develop a solid
l those bills. Help you get

Nnumttl Finnnclnl l'lunnenl

 

 

family friend, with producer Jerome Gary
("Pumping iron ”), who was about to begin
work on a new, feature-length documen-
tary. "/ set up an appointment with him just
to get some more information about the
field, "Phillips says, "but he ended up offer-
ing me a job. "

After a year and a half as Gary’s pro-
duction coordinator (her efforts can be seen
on the recently released docu-drama "The
Stripper"), Phillips decided to make a go ol
a free-lance career. “Aftera year and a half,
you develop a lot of contacts in this busi-
ness, "she says. "You learn a lot of names,
and / called anyone and everyone I knew
who had some connection to the business.
i spent weeks with nothing but phone ap-
pointments before anything turned up. "

Something did turn up, and Phillips
landed her first free-lance position, as an
assistant at a commercial company for $75
a day; that, in turn, led to a $50 a day job
with an industrial production company.

"You get more experience in industrial
work, " Phillips says, "so it '5 worth the dif-
ference in pay." in the year since she left
her full-time position with Gary, Phillips has
been out of work for no more than three or
four weeks.

During Aide's SagHarbor, New York,
location shooting for "Sweet Liberty, ”
Phillips earned $450 a week (plus another
$120 in weekly meal money). "i was lucky
enough to fall into something / really
liked, " she reflects. "I mean, I could have
taken that first job and hatedl . “

I think if someone doesn't know what
they want to do they should just go out and
try something. If I had taken courses in film
at school, I don 't think it would have met-
tered. Nothing recommends you in this bus-
iness, or in many others /would think, like
your previous experience. People don ’1
look at what courses you've taken, which
professors you’ve had; that's not real. They
look at who you ‘ve worked with, what
you 've done. That's what counts. "

 

 

 

 

 

MOVING IN

Special Advertising Supplement

what exactly is in the apartment and what
condition it's in before you move in, elim-
inating any questions which might arise at
the end of the lease.

Speaking of leases you'd probably be
smart to pay a visit to the local real estate
board and review a copy of the standard
lease agreement. if the lease offered to
you by your landlord doesn't differ from the
standard form, you have nothing to worry
about. If at all possible, see that yOUr se-
curity deposit is being kept in an interest-
bearlng account (this has become almost
standard operating procedure, but it never
hurts to ask).

Be prepared to spend at least one-
quarter of your take-home salary on rent
(less if you want to double- or triple-up with
a roommate or two). although you might
find you have to part with more than half of
your paycheck to find suitable living

5 partié'u rly it you want to live

35 

NO POSTAGE
NECESSARY
lP MAILED

IN THE
UNITED STATES

\—
BUSINESS REPLY CARD

l-'l liH'l’ FLASS l'E RM 11' N0. 255

MINNEAPOLIS, MN

I’lis'l‘Alil‘I WILL Ill-J PAID BY ANDRES

IDS Financial Services Inc.

IDS 'Ibwer, Suite 500
Box 9464

ltlinneapolis. MN 55440

Wlll now no uqulppuu \u can av-u
telligent questions. Start with the pars n
nei office of your new firm; if the firm is not
large enough fora personnel office, talk to
the person who hired you. Do as much
legwork as you can before visiting the local
real estate brokers, who sometimes (par-
ticularly in the larger cities) charge as
much as 15 percent of your annual rent in
exchange for their services. (in some other
areas of the country it is the landlord who
pays the brokerage fee, so check and see
what the accepted convention is in the
area you're looking.)

You might want to look into the fur-
nlshed apartment market, which can lead
you to some pleasant surprises. You can
often find a furnished apartment at close to
the same price as an unfurnished unit. it
you do decide to go the furnished route.
which could save you a good deal in time,

 

Ni... 

b' 1)t 1h kof 0 rlifc

Graduation isn’t the end of school—it’s the beginning of responsibility.

Everything costs money. There’s rent. Your student loans. Car loans. Phone bills. Electr
Insurance. More than you can imagine. Th: ’s where IDS Personal Financial Planners can he

IDS is one of the nation’s most experienced ﬁnancial planners. For 90 years we’ve succ
mapped out ﬁnancial futures for people just like you.

An IDS Financial Planner will sit down with you one-to-onc and help you develop a 501
ﬁnan .11 plan. A plan that can put your ﬁnancial life in order. Budget for all those bills. Help}
out of debt. And even leave money to invest or enjoy.

Call an IDS Financial Planner today at 1-800—437-4552. Then you’ll 
be sure to have two feet on the ground from the moment you come out
into the real world‘ Personal Financial Planners

