 

\:

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ci FRIDAY, MARCH 1. 1985

Law -   m an.

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) Poor pay and
shrinking enrollment are driving PhDs
away from college teaching careers and in-
to more lucrative fields. a current study
showed, and the trend could mean there’ll
be fewer talented professors in classes in
the next decade.

In a survey of 38 colleges. Howard R.

Bowen and Jack Schuster. education pro- .

fessors at California's Claremont
Graduate School, found the deteriorating
academic climate is persuading top pro-
fessors and graduate students to abandon
higher educationcareers. ‘

*The result. they said. may be a shortage
of good teachers.

“The nagging worries and decreased  .
security facing professors today are per- .

suading the brightest PhD recipients to
seek employment in other ﬁelds." Bowen
told participants at the recent joint con-

vention of the American. Council on.

Education and the National Association of
State Universities and Land Grant Col-
leges‘in Denver.

While current faculties are “the best
equipped for the job we've ever had."
Bowen noted. “the ﬂight of current people
in higher education and of young people
choosing careers will mean more education
openings than can be ﬁlled."

There will be as many as 500,000 college,
teaching positions open in the next 25'
years. Bowen said. “And the numbers
could be even greater in the next is years if
conditions in higher education continue to
deteriorate. ' ’ ‘

“The academic community must begin
now to compete," he added. "Recruit-
ment of new faculty is the most important
task of higher education." he said.

To entice top quality PhDs into higher»

educationycolleges need to offer com-,

petitive salaries. incentives and working
conditions. Bowen said in a recent
‘ telephone interview. ' ’L " ' '

But slipping enrollment could wreck
those offers. . -.

“Faculty salaries are controlled by
political and economic factors." he said.
“Private schoolsdepend on enrollment.
So do public schools, but they need their
legislatures to offsetlosses.” '  I .

“Most colleges are happy with the pro-
fessor supply and with 'new recruits."
Schuster added. “But the bubble is about-
to burst. The application pool is-thin
below the top."

in addition, new surveys indicate fewer
students are choosing college teaching
careers.

in 1966. Schuster told the Denver con-
vention, 1.8 percent of college grads con-
sidered teaching at the college level.‘ By
1979. only 0.2 percent wanted to teach.‘

Since-the numbers have stabilized. he
said. the number of top students planning
to teach continues to slip. '

in the ﬁfties. one in ﬁve college faculty
members were Phi Beta Kappa. By 1969.

only eight percent held the honor,
Schuster concluded‘tliat  vacant
teaching positions ,won’t go unfilled. the
quality of applicants'wlll ‘go‘down'. '
“The losses are real." Sehuster main-
tained. “and higher education today can't
compete successfully for the best graduates

Who now have other options."

“if- we’re cerrect." Schuster concluded. .
“in i0 years we’ll have a‘serious 'pro-

blem.”

 

 

 

SUN YA, recruitment Considered sufficient

By Ilene Welnsteln
EDITORIAL ASISTANT

While SUNYA‘s academic depart-
ments may not be able to compete with

those 'at many priVate universities. quali- '

ty among professors here has not
decreased. according to several depart-
ment chairs at the University.

“Since the job market is bad, oniythr

best survive in their field." siad College ‘

of Humanities and Fine Arts Dean Paul
Wallace. who added that there are “ex-
tremely fine young people" teaching in
the humanities department as'SUNYA.

in the humanities" fields. there is an '

oversupply of people with Fh.D
degrees. said Department of. English
Chair Eugene- Gerber. who explained
that this situation allows SUNYA to.
choose from the best candidates. .

’ Academic departments are more

selective now. said Economics Chair S. ‘

Pong Lee. “There are a large number
of people applying for positions. but we
are looking for those who can get
tenured more easily." he said.

“We don’t want to hire people for a
few years and then have to let.them go

.41 _. .,

because they can‘t get tenure." Lee said.
Academic departments are looking for

professors in both teaching 'and‘

research. he added.

Both Garber and Wallace agreed that ’ '

graduate- schools discourage their
students from entering the academic
field when there is an oversupply of
teachers. and encourage only‘the very
best.  ' ‘

The supply of teaching professionals
shifts sometimes. explained Wallace,

adding that “these periods balance,

themselves‘." and’ that “no 'real problem

exist now.” ‘ " ' " ' '
The business and science departments

are in a worse, situation than those

‘ departments in the humanities fields.

said Garber. because science and
business professors may be tempted
away from the academic life by industry
and big business. English professors are
not vocationaliy oriented." he said.
While SUNYA can attract profes-
sionals interested in the academic life,
this university cannot compete with in-
dustries for..professionais interested in

industrial research.. explained Geology .
.. I. .

.Rich'ard Collier.>,wltoj1elxpll .g 
' there are unique opportunitieslo'ffered‘.

. added. -

Chair Stephen DeLong. HoweVEr. the
Geology Department has hired a new ‘
faculty member in three out of th'e’f last'
four years and applicants have increased
in the last few _'years. said DeLong.' '

, “certain peopletake jobs lathe col-
leges." said Center 'for Undergraduate

Education (CUBYAs’s‘ista _,Dean_

 

  
    

in academic life. “There are those who *
are intellectually committed to do their
own research,“ he said. ~, , V I.
‘ Academic life is distinct becausejit" of-;
fers. professor's intellectual ‘freedom.”3
said Collier. adding “there are always
going to be human bein‘gs::who-can do
better in the outside worldﬁ’ but who
choose'instead to remain in academia.
he added. , ‘ ' "n2 - ' 
__Univ'ersity life offers afreedom fro
supervision that attracts people. said
Wallace. . “‘As long as ‘.you‘ teach your
classes.” your timels-"ydur own. he

SUNYA can compete with many
other universities for top professorsiein

 

 

f ONCE 666m IT'S

JEWISH ‘

 

SAT. NIGHT
MARCH 2
9PM - 12AM 

 

 

AT

 

 

- LIVE ENTERTHINMENT -

-HOME BEKED PFiSTRiES , .
-3OZDISCOLIHT FOR lSC—Hillel MEMBERS
(10% FOR same ID HOLDERS)

-on THE suave BUSLINE BETWEEN ones
2. SOUTH LHKE

COME CELEBRATE PURIM WITH THE‘MEGILLAH READING
Next Wednesday Night, March 6 and Thursday Morning, March 7

CFI'FE

NIG T

KOSHER PIZZA & FELAFE‘L .
483 WASHINGTQN AVE. - 
JEWISH ErlSRﬁELI nuns ,v
W/PESHCHSOD _  .

 

Sponsored by lSC-Hillel

 

 

 

4

 

 

   
  

  
  

  

, Al caution: grim” behgﬁog.hyrn¥nes‘md Now of:

.v;'I:iicialag»h§Y¢-b°¢!i;m¢ii;with;_a:denial andaartgapology. by. V
- bookstore Manner MariCampbelllwhilctoneminbrityr v
, employeeuhas vfiied'a'n inforrnslkcompiéintgwith .‘the'. ‘

UniversityisJAffirmatlveiAction20fficc.‘

V According , to» Eric . Bowman; .; Student: Association 1, 
Minority Affairs Coordinator.- “theissue has up till now I
been kept inside because students donit want to lose: their  ~

'Jobmstv "

an'abeccaLut‘zM‘l-  K. - , . .  ~
‘ Pm'Md'illméim the main. 80!!!! of the irish‘

 

..u_.>-\.-..w’ ..

 

r;.. '1 
u Vi-ioiiveverﬁan informal complaint ,was registeredwith .
Glbria 'DeSole,'Dircctor. ofgthe Departmentxof Afflru‘ \- V
native Action during  week-bxcarmeia Concepcion. ;
7 - SA Affirmative Actioncoordinatorandamembm of the I "‘
.> limes-and Noble rush week staff.~

_ “i  eat to, Desole,be_cause i didn’t. feel it would do
anythingto go to .Canipbeliﬂr'fihe said.‘ “it is hard for a.
student to go to her bos‘J and say! feeithis certain way."
Concepcion‘addcd. a ' ' u ‘ ’

. 'DeSole would not continent. saying only..>“i  not at-:. I

liberty‘t'otalkhbout anything." - I , y - ,
Concepcion stated.""‘Frorn‘the wayl saw_,it,"\ve

'9 Per.“

,.. ttaspﬁrgachthem: ;__ p, , .

t .

   

Republican Army (in). according to Austin Devine. a
Northern lreland native who spoke on' the'issue 'of the
conﬂict on Northern ireiand Wednesday night.

Devine and his‘brother James. former residents of Nor-
thern’lreiand. addressed on  about 20 people

inBA233.teilingoftheirpersonsicxpcrienceslspartof

the continuing conflict in Northern ireiand. '

Although the vast majority of inland is now indepen- ‘
dent. six countries in the north remain as part of Great
Britain in deference to the Protestant majority who live .

‘ th'efr'erand because of the area’s great industrial power;
‘ “i was arrested for the first time when i- was 13 years ‘
old." said Devine. describing a raid on his home. He add-

ed that by the time he was seventeen he was being arrested
nearly every day for no reason. ~~
The area has been the scene of much bloody violence

since 1969. when British troops occupied Northern"

‘lreland in an attempt to constrain the iRA and the Pro-

‘2   V

 

Participants in last yosr‘e'World Week festivities

"We need to respect and understand the variety of cultures. ”

.4

.,......l..»s..s...hm. ,1... _

v. i   thatshe to several other minori- 

 

 

-' count‘_.and~.the_ pay; iwhieit is'ab'ove'  .- , .
 ; "We did not feel‘trus ed enough. th' managen:didn’t

  

 

 

 

ty students an’dth'ey-too felt there was" (problem. “i ask-

 ed other minorities how they .feit.'.""she‘ said, -"and they-v
_ toidme’their‘only reason foratayih'gi was the book dis-

seem to put-toogmuch confidence must-me continued.
. r However. Campbell said sheﬁwas shocked3by the com-

. r plaint. “iwas so freaked outtatlthiscompl’aint. [always

think, of myself as someone .very liberal. never been ex-
» posed to any biases growingvup or in my adult years." she

no» i‘l 4-. 

--7 regimens-recur. 1985 u ALBANYSTUDBNTFRESE 5

f'. .
if” .' 'n ‘

- mum» .. a. e.

'i .- .u-uw ’vnurigw'r‘il'1.'%r“;';,.| vast. Ht 

, . 1.. u -

 

s.

  

.. gamma...“ ._...

(minorityistudentg) didhlt .wo'rkjon the. register as much‘as ’ g
the others during that weighs: sue added um she also felt .
djﬁoidsshouldered’iilfeelingfrom several managers that

   
   

umvrnsnv us eunuu

' ' in response to the registerpollcyLCdmpbeil explained ' .
»' that sire-rm ‘;'a:personalthatred‘of usage spamming-t “
~ ing rush were." She added thatﬁthey make a conscious "
decision to hire 50 people to work registers.  I. .
"We try and rotate the people as often as we can. but "
when it gets to the crunch; the people who are the fastest,
run the registers—7 that is jsut solid._sensiblc business."
said'Campbeil. W. x ,. .., .. V a 
.But. according t' Bowman. out of thesizo peoplehired
‘ Tfor rush week, only 8.10 were. minerity students; He also.
 that there arep'rtly four; or five minority students '
‘ presently.working:in the bookstore. _ p ,. .  V. . . g
 . Conlpbell' said.;"l don't know-howimanyhminorities v . .
‘ work for me. and i don't care about their color as iong'as , SA Minority Affairs Coordinator Erie Bowman
' -‘  ‘ '.-' u - i .» -  . - ‘- x “’w "'Students don"t'iva‘nt to lose tha‘rjobs."

 

  

 

 

"with? brothers..,détafil life in a war zone

prisoners; after they had been beaten repeatedly. in order
to persuade him to sign.

.Devine's brother James also spoke about the brutality
taking place today in i'reland. He described the events of a
day in January. l972. infamoust known as “Bloody
, - . V Sunday." ' v .

According to Devine. beatings upon arrest are carried On this day. according to Devine, 13 people were shot
out in order to fore: the victim to sign a statement Which‘ while taking part in a non-violent civil rights demonstra-
wiii prdve him, guilty. Police offer suspects a light ——tion. He said a British-appointed coroner called the kill-
sent’er'rc'o iii return for these statements. he said. ings "sheer unadulterated murder."

' “But,” he added, “once you sign theyme anything ' Devine said that in spite of the brutality of British
l-A'thie‘y went with you."_The signed statements serve as pro,- forces in dealing with occupied ireiand. the “RA is
‘ "bf ‘of guilt in the British ruled courts. he said. repeatedly referred to as terrorists. “This is because of

'De'vine said teams of detectives beat and torture the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). which slants
suspects and applu psychoiohlcal pressure to get them to the news and then releases it to the international wire ser-
slgn. “i was very close to signing.” he said of his own vices." he said,
experience. ' I ' “The [RA has been stereotyped as terrorists and as a

‘ f‘i was held and tortured for four days. if it had been ., communist-linked organization in league with such anti-

sevcn. i would have broken down and signed." He said American group! as the PLO 811d Quaddﬁﬁ. none of

‘ he was shown statements already signed by his fellow . » 13>

testant militia. called the Ulster Defense Force. '

‘ "Systematic use of brutality and torture" was how‘
Devine described his interrogation by police. when he was
arrested again in'l977. “They'(the‘ police) refuse to tell
you why you're being held or when you'll be‘released."
he added.

  WeekfsdiVerse events will keep you busy

On Tuesday. March 5th. from noon to 4 p.m..
the Lecture Center Complex will be alive with
displays of food. dress. arts, dance and music spon-
sord by the many cultural organizations on campus.
during the Ethic Block Party.‘

, Other enterntainment events occurring this week
are “'An Evening in india" dance program to be
held in the Performing Arts Center ’ recital hall
Thursday. March 7 at 8 p.m.. an international
Concert Saturday at 8 p.m.. a Multi-Cuitural talent
show. Friday at 8 pm. in the PACRecital Hall. and
a concert featuring Josee Vachon performing Fran-
co American. and Quebec songs. Saturday, at 7

.\p.m. in the Campus CEnter Assembly Hall.

\ Also to take place during this week long celebra-
tion. will be a series of guest lectures. Among them
willbe Korean writer Jung He 0h. Wilbert Lemelle.
former\ambassador to Nairobi and Kenya. and now
vice chancellor for international development for
iUNY. and a representative of Chemical Bank lec-
.uring on the “World Debt Crisis." Also featured
will be Nicaraguan U.N. Representative Jose
Zalaya. speaki on “Nicaragua: Friend or Foe.”
and University (esidcnt Vincent O‘Leary. presen~
ting a lecture entitled “Yugoslavia and the United
States."

Several ﬁlms will be shown including "Moscow
Does Not Believe in Tears." an academy award
winning ﬁlm. and “A Taste of China."

The residence quadsrnngles plan to participate in
World Week. by running scversl films pertaining to
other cultures. such as Zorba the Breek and Don
Quixote. and by hosting international Dinners and
desserts in the dinning halls where a meal from a
diff rent country will be served every night.

orid Week promises to be an exciting and in-
formative event. All students and faculty members
are urged to come out and enjoy this celebration of
cultural variety. All events held during World Week
are free of charge. and open to the public. C]

By Carrie Diamond
The‘ harmonious voices of the University
Chorale. directed by David Janower, as they per-
form an international Singaiong. mark the opening,
.of this year's World Week on Monday. March 4.
World. Week festivities 'will be held Monday.
March 4 to Saturday. March 9. The highlight of this
year's celebration will take place Wednesday.
March 6 at 7 pm. in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall. when a' sampling of the world's greatest made-
for-teleivision-fiims. entitled "The New ,York
World Television Film Festival" will be shown. \
World Week. a four year old tradition was ﬁrst
' "conceived eight years ago by a small group of
_ students hoping to alert and inform the public
about the situation in South Africa. it has expand-
ed over the years into a celebration of the different
. cultures present in both the campus and the
:ommunity. ' -

There will be various displays and presentations
including guest lecturers. international meals. danc-
- lag and musical performances. various art exhibits.

and movies and films all representing the variety of

different cultures present on this campus.
“Students of this University are living in a world
that. is increasingly interdependent as in no other
time in the history of our world. it is important that
students and faculty relate to this world and the

:ultures in it." remarked University President Vin~

:ent O'Leary. He added. “On this campus there are

many representatives of different cultures. We need

to respect and understand the variety of cultures

here on campuse. and to celebrate the differences

that exist." O'Leary said he thinks it is imperative

for students to realize that these differences are not
4 bad; but contribute to make the world more in-
teresting. World Week is just a way of making peo-
ple aware of the different customs and traditions
that are common to other cultures.

 

 
 

