 

-\

 ' ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY. OCTOBER 1, 7935

 

College classes monitored  ‘thoughtpolice’

(College Press Service)“All I know is
that they have me on their list," said
Boston University political science pro-
fessor Howard Zinn. “Whether they have
agents in my classroom is a good question.
That’s the most insidious part of this
whole thing: everything is kept secret. You
just don’t know."

He may not know who is watching him,
but he does know why.

Zinn, a self-described “Marxist,
socialist, and independent radical," is on a
list of several thousand social science pro-
fessors with leftist leanings. And so it is
going across the country this fall as a new
"watchdog" group -- Accuracy in
Academia (AlA) —— enlisting conservative
students to “monitor” their professors for
"liberal" slants and “misinformation.”

AlA has garnered so many student
volunteers nationwide that it has dropped
its original plan to use senior citizens to
monitor classrooms for liberal sentiments.

New students, most with grades and
credits on the line. will do the monitoring,
reported Les Csorba, AlA's executive
director.

While many students volunteered in-
dependently, many of them are also
members of campus conservative groups
such as The College Republicans and
Young Americans for Freedom. AlA, in
fact, has begun direct mail campaigns to
solicit campus conservatives for money
and support.

All of which conjures up images of
“witch hunts," “red scares," “McCar-
thyism." and “Thought Police," for
critics in tile academic community, who
charge the mentoring practice could have-a
“chilling effect" on college classrooms.

They cited how the fear of being brand-
ed a communist — and losing jobs and
grades —— during the fifties stifled thought
on campuses and. according to some

observers. so retarded American scientific,

thought that it took huge federal spending
to restore U.S. primacy in the sixties.

An offshoot to Reed Irvine's Accuracy
in Media (AIM) — a group which
monitors the media for leftist biases and
then conducts publicity and letter-writing
campaigns against liberal offenders —
AlA was formed to attack what irvine and
others feel is the other great bastion of
liberal thought: the college campus.

“The response and need for this service
has been overwhelming," Csorba said.
“This organization really has exploded
with letters and phone calls — hundreds of
them — from students on campuses in-
terested in helping us.” He added, “We
now have almost 100 colleges where
students are in contact with us about what

. their professors are saying in class."

The group has targeted the social
sciences, he reports, and specifically pro-
fessors with liberal beliefs “because they
have been most guilty of violating (objec-
tive teaching) guidelines. However, any
professor — right or left — will be
reported and exposed if they are distorting
the facts."

Among other things, Csorba said, AlA
will complain to school administrators,
department chairs, and the local communi-
ty as welll as “printing up student com-
plaints in our national newsletter” when it
finds professors who mention facts with
which AIA disagrees.

For many academicians,
nightmare come true.

“We are growing very concerned about
the group and its allegations," said iris
Molotsky. spokeswoman for the American
Association of University Professors
(AAUP). “The presence of monitors in
classrooms will inhibit academic freedom.
Students will hesitate before presenting
controversial ideas and professors may

that’s a

withhold unpopular opinions. We believe
the group’s claim —- that they alone can
decide what is correct or incorrect infor-
mation — is both arrogant and
hollow,"she said.

BU's Zinn was more to the point. “This
whole thing has a strong element of
facismﬁ’ he \charged. “The Thought
Police from 1984 are here. They’re just a
year late.” -

“As far as their effect on me," Zinn
said, "i don’t care. i have tenure. But for
untenured F'iculty it is a real threat, and
creates an atmosphere of fear in the
classroom. What really concerns me, is the,
impact this could have on the students.
With people monitoring what i say and
what the students say, it could have a very
chilling effect in the classroom."

But “we want to expand academic
balance, not restrict it," countered AlA’s
Csorba. “The classroom is an open'forum,
and studentshave a right to speak out and
question their professors. That’s all we’re
doing." '

“If (AlA’s critics) are really for free
speech and academic freedom,” he asked,

“then why are they against us? These peo-
ple are the ones engaged in their own form
of thought-policing. We like to think of
ourselves as a public service for students.',’

But the United States Student's Associa-
tion (USSA), the largest studentorganiza-
tion in the country, says the group is more

like a “public menace." “USSA has very 1

strong concerns about the purpose behind
a campaign of this type," says
spokeswoman Kathy Ozer. “We would
not encourage any of our members to get
invoved with it, especially on the grounds
that it is promoting or encouraging student
rights.” - - I |

Critics also question how objectively

students, with pre-formed opinions and .

grades at stake, will review their pro-
fessors. “in most cases there is a grade on
the line,” Csorba admitted, “and at some
universities the students may be associated
with campus grOups. But we really don’t

care if a student has an issue over grades. 5
or whatever. We just want to know what _‘:
the professor is saying, not settle personal ‘

grievances.‘ '

 

 

Got a secret? ‘
Whisper in our ear:

News Tips

Call Jim or Alicia

 

 

 

at 442-5662  ..

 

reception

 

 

SEN IORSH

in the fall.

NOMINATE AN OUTSTANDING
HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER

Remember that very special teacher,
you had 1n high school  the one who 
really made a difference in your life? mg;

The School of Education invites you to

nominate that teacher for an
Teacher Award” to be

Nomination forms and instructions can
be p1cl<ed up from Beth Elitzer 1n ED 246

or Betty Ginzburg in CC 116_
November 1 is the deadline for all entries.

“ Outstanding
presented at a I

'st

  
 

 

 

 

 

TUESDA‘Y,‘ OCTOBER 1, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

 

ml,

The ASP IS now ta king applications for a
Mnorlty Affairs E dito’r
Responsibilities include: . _ ‘ 
,- Writing and sometimes soliciting a weekly column addressing
minority issues' '
- Attending editorial board meetings as a‘ voting member of the
board, _ - _ ,
— Assisting with' minOrity recruitment and retention on the ASP
staff .. . ' - '
-Advising the ASP On sensitive minority issues.

— Occasionally assisting ASP sales staff in locating new
advertisers. ~ .

I Necessary qualificatiOns:

—Good writitng skills
‘Knowledge of and concern for minority issues
— Good Organizational skills ‘
The job requires 15 hours per week and is a paid position.
Submit informal resume listing any pertinent previous experience
along with a few writing samples (a sample column or term paper
is fine) to the ASP managing editors in Campus Center 332.

 

Previous journalistic experience is not required.

 

 

 

 

' Available in:

Bﬁ‘SKETBﬁLL
cHEERLEﬁDmo
T RYOUTS

Sunday . Oct. 6 a

- Sunday . Oct. 13

. 1 to 9' pm

in the Dance Studio

( 3rd floor. phys. ed. )

"(is

is now accepting applications
. for employment in your
quod cafeteria.
Please see chef manager
or dining room supervisor.
Dutch and Indian cafeterias
especially need your help.

C P the lewiSh  I
“EIEbrate Festival of _ Sg—“ukkot '

“The Season of our joy" 
Sept. 30 - Oct. 7 ' 

            

 

Dwell ini_a_§_u’_kka _(_hut_)

Availa’bIe OUTSIDE of:

Kosher Kitchen/ Dutch Quad
Cafeteria

-Shabbos House (67 FuIIer Rd. cor.
Perimeter Rd. )

Wave..the.l.ular.snatng

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.,-Kosher Kitchen/Dutch Quad Sukka
Campus Center Lobby (Thurs. 10/} 6%
Fri. 10/4, 11-1 pm.)

For further information cal]
Rabbi [a y KeIIman
442-5670

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

