 

-

18  ALBANY STUDENT‘PRESS Cl TUESDAY, NOVEMBER I2, I985

McDarby leads Albany foilers over Nevaaltz

By Lauren Fix

Had you accidentally stepped into the
volleyball gym in the Phys Ed building on
Sunday. November 3, you would have
found yourself engulfed in a living sea of
white masked bodies.

These competitors, all in various stages
of preparing for or competing in five
minute bouts, were participating in an in-
ternational meet hosted by the Albany
State Fencing Club.

Teams from RPl. New Paltz, Vassar,
and Carlton University.Canada, as well as
individual members affiliated with the
Hudson-Berkshire division of the United
States Fencing Association participated in
the day long event.

There were four officially contested
categories: men's foil. women's foil.
men’s epee and men’s sabre.

1n the men‘s foil event, Albany
graduate student and club president. Todd
Benton, took first place. Mike Mc Darby,
also an Albany grad student. took second
place.

Other participants from Albany were
Peter Dini in men's foil, Carlos Freitas in
men’s epee, Rodd Marr in men’s sabre.
and Sara McDarby in women’s foil.

Sunday‘s event was particularly
unusual. a “jamboree” one official called
it. because of the various levels and
categories of fencers participating.

The most recognized participant was
Cal Schlick, 1950 National Sabre Cham-
pion and former Olympic team member.
Two women's teams also competed. which
was unique due to the disproportionately
small number of women involved with the
sport.

Carlton University team member
Kathryn MacKinnon explained that the
team was on their way back from a
weekend of competition downstate.
Carlton. which has a student body of

15.000, fields a varsity fencing team which

competes once a month during the season
from November to March.

The Albany team is made up of fencers
from the Albany fencing club, which has
been in existence here for the past 20 years.

McDarby commented on the current
lack of players at Albany.

“We need to recruit more experienced
fencers for the school.”

He added that the team has enough
good. proven fencers at the varsity level,
but lacks official varsity recognition, and
so cannot compete oficially on the NCAA
level. McDarby also cited the lack of funds
to purchase even the basic electrical equip-
ment necessary for competition and prac-
tice as a major disadvantage for the
Albany Slashers. Presently. the Slashers
rely on the generosity of the much larger
RPl fencing club for the loan of electrical
equipment during meets.

Despite Albany’s technical limitations,
many of its members qualify for the Em-
pire State Games each year. The club has
an active membership of 20 and fences all
weapons, foil, epee and sabre under the ex-
pert coaching of Mr. Frank Colluis,
himself a student of the late Maestro
Santelli.

The foil is a beginner’s weapon with an
emphasis on skill and technique; it is also
the only official women‘s weapon. The
epee is similar to the original dueling
sword, and the emphasis is basically on
winning. The sabre is a descendent of
cavalry weapons with which heavy cutting
actions are used, and it tends to produce a
very exciting bout.

The Albany Slashers brought their suc-
cess on the road with them when they over-
whelmed SUNY New Paltz last Saturday

Albany co-captain Mc Darby was cer-
tainly the star of the meet, going
undefeated in both sabre and epee, and
winning 3-1 in men's foil.

Albany is distinguished in having

McDarby, one of the few three-weapon
men in the area, and his wife, Sara, who
fences sabre, which is not an ofﬁcially
recognized women’s weapon. Sara com-
peted in both foil and sabre, with an im-
pressive but unsucessful result of 2-3 in

_ sabre.

The Albany sabre team, aided by the
undefeated performance of Rodd Marr.
taught a humiliating lesson to the New
Paltz team with a ﬁnal score of 15-3.

The epee team also bulldozed New Paltz
with an overall score of 7-2. McDarby
again went undefeated, while New Paltz
native but Albany student Ed Pap won
2-1. Freitas showed a promising aptitude
for the epee. a new weapon for him, with a
win of 2-1 to cap the team victory.

Great Dane football

<Back Page
and promptly drove down to the Buffalo

nine, the big play coming on a perfectly-.

timed lob pass from Milano to John Don-
nelly along the sidelines which went for 26
yards. But the Danes had to settle for a
26-yard ﬁeld goal by Scott Reagan with
2:30 left in the half. ‘

The game was iced early in the third
quarter when a struggling ( :ntilella was
intercepted by Karl. who 15 in man-to-
man coverage. The cornerback from
Guilderland ran it back 23 yards for a
score.

Early in the fourth quarter, the Danes’
pass defense struck again. Mings. in the
game for an ineffective Gentilella, had his
pass strike off a Buffalo receiver, tip an
Albany defender, and land in the hands of
a diving Dmitrenko at the Buffalo 37. The

 

The Albany foil fencers all did well
despite the disadvantage of fencing with
electric equipment for the first time.

The A-team made up,of the McDarby
duo and Freitas suffered a loss of 12-3.
The B-team, with the impressive perfor-
mances of Peter Dini, Laurence Quinn,
Bill Gaes, and Mark Ingrassia rallied from
behind to defeat New Paltz once again,
9-7.

All together the Albany Slashers, a small
but elite team, carved themselves a con-
siderable victory at New Paltz, leaving
behind but one casualty- a broken foil, the
victim of an unsuccessful bout against the
infamous New Paltz fencer, “The Bear.”

Danes got down to the eight-yard line after
a Revano 16-yard run, but settled for a
32-yard Reagan ﬁeld goal after a costly
holding penalty.

Ford was pleased with the victory, but
he is concerned with his special teams, par-
ticularly coverage on kickoffs and punts.
traditionally a strong point for Ford
teams.

“We can’t beat Wagner with the way
some of our special teams are playing," he
said. “We’re going to need an improve-
ment in some of those areas.”

PAW PRINTS: It rained all week in Buf-
falo. but the omni-turf covering the ﬁeld
was in fine condition at
gametime . . . Wagner upped their record
to 8-1 with a 57-6 victory over winless
Ramapo.

ASP Sportswriters meeting
on Sunday Nov. 1 7 at 8:30

 

 

 

 

 

513893

Members of Purple and Gold, the
University Service Organization, will be
in the Colonial U-lounge during your pre-
registration for Spring Semester.

If you have questions or need advice,
look for us. We’re trained in
Peer Advising and we want to help you! _

 

 

Loyalty.

 

Purple and Gold Service.

Tradition

Leadership.

 

 

ALBANY STATE

 

@2

COME OUT AND SUPPORT -

WATCH AS THE BOWLING CLUB
HOSTS THE TRI- STATE CONFERENCE

SUNDAY, NOV. 17 AT NOON AT
BOULEVARD BOWL

1315 ERIE BLVD. SCHENECTADY
('l'Ami THE THROW! v TO EXIT 25. TAKE [-890 TO ERIE
BLVD EXIT-NEAR G.E.-LANES 1/4 MILE or THE LEFT)
up! WEST POINT MIT. BOSTON UNIVERSITY
AND MANY OTHERS WILL BE THERE TO

CHALLENGE FOR Till? STINYA INVITATIONAL
CHAMPIONSHIP

\

BOW LING! //

SA FUNDED

 

 

Colonial quad-

 

 

University Auxiliary

Services Announces

LUCKY NUMBERS GENE
The winner receives a

dinner for two
featuring
Shrimp Cocktail- 7 
_.,Sirloin steak, and ‘

,..l."oibs.ter Tails

Dinner will be served
to you in your quad
dining room

St0t9&lndiunquud-Nov.19dinner
ﬁlden &Brubucher-Nov.21 dinner

  

Hot/.13 dinner

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“'"TUESI‘J’AI‘I; NOVEMBER‘Iz. 1985 i3 “ALBANY STUDENT'PRESS sports 19

DeMeo looking to fill gaps in Wrestling squad

By Cathy Errlg
STAFF wnmm

In his anticipation of the ‘85-‘86 wrestl-
ing season, Albany State Head Coach Joe
DeMeo is asking himself one important
question: can the addition of two transfer
students and some very promising
freshmen account for the loss of 284
pounds? ' . ,

The weight in question was formerly
contributed by 126 lb. 1984 NCAA Cham-
pion Dave Averill and 158 lb. 1985 NCAA
Champion Andy Seras. The loss of these
outstanding athletes to graduation leaves
the 1985 Dane grapplers with a few chinks
in the armor that had enabled them to
compile the best seasonal record of their
history in 1985.

“We don't have Dave or Andy, and any
time you lose two NCAA champions you
have a big hole in the lineup that you just
can’t replace," said DeMeo. “These were
two guys we could always count on. and
now they're gone.”

However, Averill and Seras were not the
only wrestlers the Danes counted on last
year. NCAA qualiﬁers Shawn Sheldon
(118). John Balog (142), and Jim Fox
(150), are all returning. as are Matt Ryan
(190) and Marty Pidel (177). And, accor-
ding to DeMeo, all six are more experienc-
ed, better wrestlers than they were last
season.

Throw in a healthy Ivan "The Terrible”
Katz, and there should be enough ex-
perienced veterans to power the Danes
through their very challenging season.

The Danes could hardly be more solid
than they are at 118. Junior Shawn
Sheldon of East Greenbush has won the
SUNYAC title twice in this class and
should repeat again. He’ll be backed by
freshmen Isaac Ramaswamy from
Holtsville and Andy Gordon from Nanuet.

The Danes’ inexperience will be felt in
the next two weights. With the loss of
Averill to graduation. 126 lbs. is open, as
is 134 lbs. now. that Balog has moved up to
142 lbs. DeMeo is looking at freshmen
Paul Presser of Rome and Ballston Lake
native Dave Pause to ﬁll in the gap.

142 and 150 are both solid, as Rome’s
Balog and FOX, who hails from. Lake
Grove, will each move up one weight from
last season, hopefully having the same suc-
cess. Both were one point away from being
named AILAmericans last season, and
DeMeo sees both as contenders for the na-
tional title this year.

At 158 and 167, the Danes have a repeat
of their 126-134 situation. Seras’ gradua-
tion vacates the 158 class, and DeMeo is
looking at sophomore transfer Arne
Soldwedal of Glens Falls to wrestle here.
“It’s early in the season," said DeMeo,
“But I’m verv pleased with him so far, he

 

UPS
Albany State wrestllng coach Joe
DeMeo

looks good."

Since senior Marty Pidel of New Paltz is
moving up to 177. the 167 lb. class will be
handled by freshman Mike Simon of
Brentwood.

“He's one of the really good freshman

Albany women .harriers finish fifth

By Rachel Braslow
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

With Aretha Franklin's “Who’s Zoom-
ing Who” in hearing range, the Albany
State women's cross country team kicked
in the ﬁnal 100 yards of the ECAC meet,
where only 53 seconds separated the ﬁrst
through ﬁfth runners. "

Albany placed fifth among the 28 teams
with 174 points. Powerhouse Ithaca ran
away with the meet with 43 points. Cor-
tland, Millersville, and Plattsburg placed
second. third, and fourth with scores of
133. 152, and 173 respectively. Had
Albany runner Brenda Watson beaten
Plattsburgh’s number five runner, the two

teams would have tied for the fourth place

spot.
Earlier this season, Albany tied Platt-
sburgh in the Cardinal Classic. in the New

York State meet, Albany beat Plattsburgh,
which competed without the aid of their
number one runner. Ellen Kisane. “ '

“It goes to show that when they’re on ,
they’re going to be in contention." said
Coach Ron White.

Senior KarenvDeFeo‘. sixteenth, led the
Dane pack with a time of 18:59. bettering
her time of 19:27 on the same course
earlier this season.

“It was a real tough ﬁeld," said White.
“The finishers were grouped together.
Even back through 50th place there were
ﬁve and six ﬁnishers at a time."

Just five seconds separated DeFeo from
team member Kim Pettichord (2150. Pet-
tichord improved her time by 43 seconds
from the Smith dual meet this season.

“Kim mentally carried us through the
contest,”said White.

J

 

On Thursday night at 8:00 PM in the
University gym, the Albany State
women’s basketball team plays McGill
University, a Division I school from
Montreal, Canada, in an exhibition
game.

The McGill team is also playing
Hofstra, Queens College and some
other city schools while they are in New
York.

“The game should be good.” said
Albany head coach Mari Warner.
“They are Division 1 in Canada. This
exhibition game will not be played with
the international rules, we’re playing
with our rules."

Although Warner doesn’t know much
about the Canadian team, she did say
that she anticipates them to be quick
because of the rule differences.

On Saturday the Danes scrimmaged
Hamilton. “We were more balanced
than we have ever been," said Warner;
“We also showed a lot of depth."

Ten out of the fourteen players from
last year’s 24-3 squad have returned for
the Danes. New to the team are 6’0
freshman Mindy McLoughlin. 1eft~
handed freshman Lisa Parish, guard
Nancy Clark from Troy, and a transfer
junior from Hudson Valley CC. Chris
Labombard at point guard. Clark and
Donna Hughes, a returning sophomore,
are the only members with injuries.

 

Albany State women cagers host
Canadians in Thursday opener

Hughes had cut her hand. but will still
be able to play on Thursday.

As for starters, Warner said, at this
point in the season they will be rotating
a lot of people.

“This game on Thursday will be good
for transition," said Warner. “My
assumption is that they will be big in-
side, so it will be good experience for
our posts."

She added, “Our transition back on

defense will be a key because Canadian
ball is quicker."
McGill University called Warner for a
scrimmage between the two. They decid.
ed to make it an exhibition game
instead.

“Being an international game, it's
quite an experience for both teams."
said Warner. “We'll be exchanging
gifts. and there will be a reception after-
ward. lt should be nice."

The game starts at 8:00 PM at Univer-
sity Gym on Thursday and admission is
free.

“They’re supposed to be really
good,” said returning junior Jill Silver-
man. “We‘ll find out where we are at
right now. I’m psyched, we are all
psyched and excited to see how they

lay."

She added, “It will be good exposure
and good experience for our team."

— Kristine Stiuer

 

 

Pettichord ran with a te‘r‘t'dbnitis around
the ankle region which had her worried
prior to running.

Senior Lynn Jacobs (33rd) finished in
19:24. followed by senior Bette Dzamba
(50th). Rounding out the top seven were
freshman Jackie Phipps (60th), junior
Brenda Watson (19:57), and junior Kitty
Sullivan (87th).

“l'm really pleased with this perfor-
mance, but I don't feel as a team we’ve
had our big breakthrough yet." said
White.

“Running the golf course in training
helped on the hills a lot.” said Jacobs, ad-
ding. “It was a good team unit.”

The barriers are nearing the bottom of
their cross country schedule. The upcom-
ing regional qualifiers which will be held at
Sunken Meadow, Long Island will be the

on the team, ” said DeMeo, "and these are
easily the best freshmen I've ever had."

Pidel and junior Jake Sabo, a transfer
from the University of Nebraska, will br-
ing a combined total of ﬁve years of ex-
perience to the 177 lb. weight class, mak-
ing it one of the Danes’ stronger weights.

The Danes are experienced at 190 as
well, with junior Matt Ryan, an Albany
native, returning after having captured the
Empire State Games” title over the sum-
mer. Ryan was hampered by a fractured
ankle last season which kept him out of the
NCAA competition.

"He was tough enough to keep wrestling
on it.” said DeMeo, “but not many others
would have been with an injury like that."

At the heavyweight division, the Danes
have Katz and junior transfer Chris Tironi
of Mechanicville. A graduate of SUNY
Cobleskill, Tironi was second at last year’s
National Junior College Championship.

It's a mixture of experience and raw
talent for the ‘85-‘86 Dane grapplers.
Their schedule, which includes four Divi-
sion I teams, two Division 11 teams, and
ﬁve teams that were ranked in the top
twenty in Division 111. will demand every
ounce of strength the Danes possess.

But, as DeMeo views the situation.
“We’re 80 percent stronger this year."

The Danes' ﬁrst meet is this Saturday
when they host the Great Dane Classic. 1:]

at ECA Cs

ultimate test of the season.

“It's going to be a mind game,” said
DeFeo.

Sunken Meadow is traditionally known
as an extremely demanding course. “Car-
diac Hill", as it is called, can make or
break many competitors.

Barring major injuries, Ithaca will be a
shoe-in for taking the meet and qualifying
for the NCAA’S to be held in Atlanta,
Georgia.

“I think we have a chance at beating
anybody we set our minds to.” said White.

Contenders for the number two spot in-
clude Cortland, Geneseo, University of
Rochester. Plattsburgh and Albany.
Albany has seen the other teams at their
best already.

“if we’re at our best we can make it
quite interesting,’ ’ said White.

Harriers set for Regionals

By_David Blette
smrr warren

The last half of the season for the
Albany State men’s cross country team has
been like a hilly cross country course ~—
full of ups and downs.

in their last duel meet on October 12.
the harriers shut out two opponents. The
week after that at the SUNYACs, Albany
finished in a disappointing fourth. Back
home the next week for the Albany Invite;
the harriers came back strong for a third
place finish, in a very good field.

. Last week, November 3, Albany was on
the down side again as they took ninth
place at the NY State Championships in
Rochester.

in a very competitive race the harriers
were up front early, but faded late in the
race.

“It was the first race this year where the
start was really fast from the start. We
went through the first mile in about 4:44,"
said co-captain Craig Parlato.

Hockey
<Back Page
One reason why the Danes haven’t been
recognized and funded as a team by the
Athletic Association is that the Associa-
tion doesn't feel hockey is a popular sport.
This was clearly not the case in view of
the shouts, footstomping and overall ex—
citement of the large crowd at the game. a
crowd dominated by a large fraternity con-
tingent who competed in a goal-scoring

The early pace was too much for the
Albany men as they steadily dropped back.

“Some of the guys just weren't ready
for that early pace," said Parlato.

Finishing first in the race was Rochester
runner Tom Tuori with a time of 24:48,
for the five mile course.

First for Albany was "Runner of the
Meet" Tim Hoff. who took 22nd overall
in 26:18. Parlato was next at 38th, in
26:42. Following Parlato was junior Jack
Glaser who finished Slst finishing at
27:02. Close behind were Kevin SlIeehan,
615! in 27:10 and Pat Paul, 62nd in 27:l2.
Co-Captain lan Clements came in next for
the team taking 69th in 27:19. Finishing
off the Albany top seven was Chuck Bron-
ner. 94th in 27:46.

Next Saturday the harriers will face
most of the same teams that were at the
State meet. at the NCAA Regional meet.

“Now that we have had a taste of the big
time we should do better next time." said
Parlato. 1]

contest for a keg during the second inter-
mission. Hockey seemed to be very
popular, and enough spectators were in-
terested in it to fill two buses and
numerous cars to travel to Sceneetady Io
see the game.

“The whole team appreciated and en-
joyed the crowd's support — it's much
better to play in front of a lot of people —
it got us psyched," said Pete Leskody. [Ll

’

‘t

h.

 

