  

 

Aid for all

On February 4, the congressional committee on
higher education will begin reviewing a proposal
from President Reagan that could make the
following situation a reality:

A student whose family has an annual in-

come of $32,000, numerous assets, and on-

ly one dependent would be eligible for a
Guaranteed Student Loan, while a student
whosefamily earns $33,000 per year. and

has several dependents. some of whom

may be in college. would be ineligible for

the same loan.

What President Reagan wants to do is arbitrari-
ly set the cut off for GSL's at an income of;
$32.500. regardless of need. Eligibility for Pell‘
Grants would be structured the same way. with a
cut off of $25,000.

Determining a student’s financial aid eligibility
without considering individual circumstances is in-
equitable and absurd. Obviously $33,000 goes a
lot farther in a family of three than in a family of
six. At the very least, Reagan could have proposed
financial aid changes that would have cut off the
students most able to manage without it.

The effects of Reagan‘s proposal would be
devastating to students from middle income
families. At SUNYA alone. financial aid officials
estilnate that nearly 2,000 students will lose their
federal aid if this proposal is approved.

A few years ago the GSL, a low interest rate
loan, was open to anyone. in 1981. the federal
government began\ requiring GSL recipients to
demonstrate need for their loan. Now. Reagan is
suggesting that income alone is an adequate means
of determining need.

in addition. Reagan proposes lilniting each
federal aid applicant to a total $4,000 in grants
and loans. This would cause severe hardship to
students at costly private schools. and graduate
students who are currently allowed to receive up to
$5.000.

Whether Reagan is merely trying to simplify the
financial aid process. or attempting to ‘cut the fat‘
out of the budget it is clear that he is making
higher education a low priority. Congress will do
no better unless students speak out. ‘

Minority RAs now!

As you're hanging out in your dorm room. the
suite across the hall starts to blast 8 Bruce Spri’lgs-
teen album. What do you do about it? Probably?

after a few minutes you don’t even notice it
anymore.

But what if it was a black or hispanic student
playing reggae: or latin music? Not being used to
this music. you'd probably find it distracting and
annoying. and you'd want it turned down. '
Resolving this type of situation is often left up to‘
the RA. Unfortunately. with a lack of minority
RA's. the residence staff often fails to handle the
conflict with the proper sensitivity. ‘
This year the residence staff has gone out of its‘
way to recruit minority students to apply for RA'
positions. interested students were briefed on the!
application process. and a meeting was held to clear
up any misconceptions about collecting financial
aid as an RA.

nothing. Springsteen's such a familiar sound that“

 

 

Now residential lifc faces the real challenge: run-
llillg a fair selection process where the interviewers
are not biased by cultural differences in language or‘
manner. and. providing those applicants who do
become RA 5. with plenty of support to cope with
the different prejudices and attitudes that are
bound to come into play throughout the year.

it‘s easy to hold a few meetings for minority
students. and maybe udd “minority students.
welcome." to the bottom of the RA ads. bill it takes

this work. its success or failure will be determined
largely by how well the diversified residence staff
works together. respects each other's differences.
and uses its cultural resources.

The experience of living in a dorm has been cited
by many as one of the most educational experiences
to be had in college. A more varied residence stuff

a much greater commitment to make an idea like.

i

 

 

can only enhance this.

. r. s. t... . lung-ow

i. may» '«“h“-:'M ..-

.:

D0n-"t change the drinking: age '

Second of a twovpart article.

The time-worn fallacy that 21 saves lives has been ques-
tioned in a variety of studies. General studies from.across
the nation concerning the effects of increased legal drink--
ing ages and the effects of the 19 year-old drinking age;
lead to the conclusion that an increased legal drinking age
does not reduce alcohol-related fatalities.

Steven Gawley.

Raising the drinking age alone has never been con-
clusively shown to haVe the effect of significantly reduc—
ing alcohol related crashes. in fact. states with a 21 year
old drinking age experience an 8 percent higher percen-
tage of alcohol related fatalities in the target group than
states with an 18 year-old drinking age. ln‘a study by the
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Fatal
Accident Reporting System (FARS). states with a 21 year
old drinking age experienced an average of 54 alcohol
related fatalities per 100.000 licensed drivers while states
with an 18 year drinking age experienced 50 per 100.000
drivers.

in another study it was found that out of .9 states that
recently raised the drinking age. 6 experienced no
statistically significant change in alcohol related accidents
and 2 states. Minnesota and Montana. experienced an ac-
tual increase in alcohol related accidents. in only one
state did the alcohol related incidents actually signiﬁcant-
ly decrease. .

What does seem to work universally in reducing the
number of alcohol related accidents and fatalities is
education. coupled with strict enforcement. publicity and
rehabilitation. A shining example of the effectiveness of
education campaigns is the positive results of an alcohol
safety program in North Dakota. The state experienced a
54 percent reduction in alcohol related fatalities in the
first 6 months of 1984 as compared to the first 6 months

 

 

of 1983. North Dakota accomplished this without a‘

change in the legal drinking age.

Furthermore. in our own state. awareness and educa-
tion campaigns in conjunction with strict enforcement of
D.W.l. laws have proven extremely effective among those
not affected by the increase in the state's legal drinking

age to 19. in fact. the 19 and 20 year-old age group in New ‘

York State. who have not been affected by an increased
alcohol purchase age. but who have been exposed to a
massive education and D.W.l. enforcement campaign.
have experienced the most dramatic decreases in alcohol
related fatalities of any age group in the state in the past
three years. It is undeniable that only education and en-
forcement of driving laws resulted in these decreases.
Another important argument against ‘21' is that with
an increased legal drinking age. the target population of
the increase will be removed from the indoor setting of
tavern consumption to drinking in cars. in parks. on the
streets and in other unsupervised situations. Young peo-
ple who cannot drink legally in safe. supervised settings
do so illegally in unsafe. unsupervised and often remote
settings where they tend to drink more at lower bulk
prices. drive more. and get into more trouble than those

who drink legally at the same age.

Finally. evidence in our state concerning the effects of
‘ 19' refutes the premises that increased legal drinking ages
alone reduces alcoholrelated accidents. The Department
of Motor Vehicles recently released statistics to SASU
which reveal that during the first seven months of 1984
there.has been a 14 percent increase in the amount of

alcohol related deaths among 18 year olds as compared to .

the same time period the year before. ln‘the same time-
comparison. the state as a whole observed a 7 percent
decrease in alcohol related deaths. Thus, the target group
of the 19 yeanold drinking age is experiencing more»
deaths in 1984 than in the same time period in 1983. The
19 year-old drinking age is not obtaining its desired goal.
of consistently reducing deaths.

Governor Cuomo utilized the ﬁrst year statistics of ‘ 19’
to push for ‘21.’ last year. He claimed that the decreases
in alcohol related fatalities in New York State were solelyl
due to the increased drinking age while totally and
deliberately ignoring the obvious effects of the large scale
awareness and enforcement campaign. What we are
beginning to witness in New York State. in terms of in-
creasing deaths among 18 year olds. is a phenomenon that
was predicted by a 1984 New York State Assembly report
on “Drunk Driving Reform in New York State.
1980-1984." The increasing death rate among the target
population of ‘19.' comparing 1984 to 1983. tends to
validate the view that as the effects of the alcohol
awareness campaigns fade. the alcohol related death rate
begins to increase again as the increased age alone is simp-
ly not an effective deterrent to drinking and driving. Vin-
cent J. Graber. Chair of the Assembly“Commlttee on
Transportation. states on page 59 of his 1984 report that
‘experience in other states and countries reveals a sharp
decline in accidents among underage drillers for the af-
fected population the first year after the drinking age is
raised. followed by a steady increase thereafter.’

in and of itself the 19 year old drinking age has not

been proven as an effective deterrent to the drunk driving ,

problem. A further increase in the state’s legal drinking
age would fail to address problems still left unresolved by
previous age hikes.

in conclusion. discrimination on the basis of age

directed at a vast majority of individuals who act respon-

sibin and who do not abuse their privilege of drinking is
not an effective way to handle the problem. The over-
whelming majority of licensed drivers in the affected age
group do drive responsibly and should not be held
responsible for problems created by a statistically
miniscule number. This incorrigible minority obviously
has little respect for the legal system already and it seems"
highly unlikely that they would abide by an increased

~alcohol purchase age. These individuals can only be

reached through education. strict D.W.l. enforcement.
and rehabilitation for offenders. ' -

 

The author is Student Action Chairperson and 8
SUN YA SASU delegate. l

 

 

 

. . WWMW’WLWLJIMowv-A.‘ a..-‘ “mauve-«w.- ~~¢~mmw

~»m—.~—-Wm--.~.-....z.....  ......... ..  . 

 

 

Bookstore rt poffs ‘
W
To the Editor: _ i r

...an hour and fifteen minutes on line just to be told
that 1 could only get $10 for a book that cost me $30 and
that they would‘resell for $22 ten minutes later. Sure 1
could have put up a sign with little tabs on it so 1 could
spend-this week waiting for phone calls hoping someone
would spot my sign among the hundreds of others.

I decided like many others on this campus to sell the
book. To ease the frustration of having waited for over
an hour. 1 went inside to buy a newspaper and some
notebooks and that took less than a minute. 1 wondered
why they couldn't put some, of those workers on the buy
back line in the tunnels. But it is obvious why they don't.
By keeping the lines incredibly long in those hot tunnels
they deter many people into waiting a few days. days in
which the price Barnes and Noble pays back is lowered or
even better the student puts it off totally enabling Barnes
and Noble to make more moneygoff new books.

My past" two and one half years experience with Barnes
and Noble has made me wonder of the reason for its ex-
istence. Is there a need for a profit-oriented bookstore at
SUNYA? I imagine that the administrators ﬁgure that
they are better off charging a high-rent lease to a profit
organization than having to bother running it themselves.
i doubt that their calculations are correct. Wouldn’t it be
better to offer the students direct savings in book costs
rather than the unseen benefits of the filtered lease
money? I

The school run store could be run like any other depart-

ment or ofﬁce at the school; like Rapid Copy and the'

Registrar. SUNYA would hire qualiﬁed managers and

their minimum wage employees would be hired through '

the student job service (those guys in that office are
alWays reading the newspaper anyway). The mark up on
the books would only have to cover the salaries of the
managers and the part time employees and the inventory
holding cost. it might take a while until things ran
smoothly but with proper management the students

 

  

   

kWh rm]
"out do Grille. Editorlll chill
Dun Chem. John Noon-n. Alan Editor-

Nm Editor .............................................................................. ...Junu O'Bullivun
. . . .. 1.. . n. .

ldllor
mu Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Dcvld L.L Lukln
Mecclcio “Poet: Editor. ..i.oron Glnoboro. RlnoVo‘unn
look. Editor... Tom chnndu

 

   

   
   

   

  

 

 

Jury camplcno. Son/or Editor

Contributing Edltm Jane Anderson. Joloph Furchlchcllo Kroll. Lch
ercbclio. Wayne Polnboom. Llu attain. Judy Torol Editorial Alli-ionic:
Michelle Bulhcr. Cathy Errlg. llano Wclnntnln. atoll rrrltoro: Bub-r-
Abrohuncr. Torn Bergen; Lollil Chllt. Johanna Clancy. Joaquin Clark. lln
Clemontn. Betta Dumbo. Both Finn-ran. Ron-1d Brunt Gelatin. Judy anch-
wind. Bob chlon. Muich lion. John Parker. Chrlcllnd Rollo". Joe Rom-no.
Krluilnn Bauer. Pam Schuclonncn. Michael Shotnlck. Perry Tlachlor. Artlot:
Stove Brylcn

Chill Ilnghl. Euclncu Manager
Lynn BIrole. Associate Buclncu Marl-cor
Mcurl Kollotl. Rhonda Welt. Advertising Managua
" Mill Knimcr. sales Mun-gar

 

mu. _ n a an...
Payroll Pup-MM- ’ my Peron
:1. as...“

 

clnllllod I‘m-Mr V
.‘ u-n-n- PatriclIMltcholl
‘ Advent-Ina sun: Mclc Hohcmtut. Stove Lult. Advent-inn Production: LIII
Blohlcr. Denise Culrono. Taro-I diacuono. Eilun Kotbuuit, Jacki Mldlmky.
Amy Plpcmy. Oltico Bicllt‘ Llndn Delgado. Muicrlo Rounlnct. Stephenie
Schennul

 

Adam 3. Enalo. Patricio allnnolc. Auoclltc Productlon Monsoon

ChictTypouttor................................... .............. ..Llncny Hcymnn
iypllio: Debora Adctmnnn. Junnlno Dlrlnurzc. Bush Evollnd. Slrl Fu. Llll
Glcmbmne. Maureen McHuah. Pom Strnubor. Pluto-up: Jcnnllcr Haydon. E.
Phlillp Hoover. chluiloulo: Warren Hurwllz. Richard Bhlrldln

Photography principally Iuppllod by Unlvorulty Photo Service. I Iludont

urcup.

Chi-i Photographer: Erlcl Bpluocl ura Butt: Bhlll Albert. Amy Cohen. erll
Culllncn. John curry. Lynn Dtoliul. Cindy Ollyrny. Adorn Glncborn. Robert
Hanurncnn. David Ilm. Kenny Kircch. Robert Lucitcy. Err: Mutter. Mutt
Mndilvlllp. Cnrln Orlini. Llu simmone. Robert saucy. David striclt. Howard

Entire ccnionto copyright 1m Albany Btudonl Pm- Oclponlion. all right.
rel-Nod.

Thu Alb-try Student Pm- Ir pubIlIhrd Tuna-y- And Frldnyl between
August and Juno by the Albany Student Pm- Corporotion. an Independent

.ncI-lor-pmtit corporation. ‘

Editollllr are written by th- Editor in chi-t with mornbm oi the Editorial
acrrdlycllcy in cubical to review by the Editorial Baud. Advent-inc policy
can not nocunrliy roilcct editorial policy.

Malling Addie“:
Albany Itudont Pit”. 00 m
1400 Wuhinclcn Ave.

Albany. NY t
(bl!) Him

 

 

 

 ...‘:..~..:.7...‘.._. «. , . . ,u..,..,.~..

   

L““‘",""""“ﬂlvm‘ﬂ‘”ur-4-r¢a-»’~,v:   .. ., . .. . ... . ..  .

   

Would beneﬁt and only Barnes and Noble would lose.

l-think it is the responsibility and duty of the Ad-
ministration to explain its reasons for continuing its
business with Barnes and Noble. to tell us the terms. value
and length of the lease. or perhaps even. who is being
paid off. . i '

' ‘ ——Jeﬂ Turk
Unjust malllng
To the Editor: ' I

1 would like to inform Torn Anderson and his commit-
tee of an injustice they committed. Being enrolled in Ac-
counting 222 last semester. 1 found it rather strange when
i heard rumor of a retest. since i hadn‘t been notified. in-
quiring among some of my classmates 1 found that none
of them had been notified either. 0n the night of January
23rd (Wednesday), 1 recieved a phone call from my father
who informed me of a letter i recieved that day from
SUNYA that stated that there would be a make up exam
on Saturday. January 26th. Since I had already been in
Albany for three days, 1 would never have known about
the letter if my father hadn't opened it. Sol ask you. Tom
Anderson. and your committee. why send those letters to
students homes when you know that by the time they
would have received them they will be back in Albany?
How many students will go home on their next vacation
and find this very important letter waiting for them.
which is now useless?

—Mar1r Cwlrko

Albany cheerleaders

To the Editor:

Cheerleading is a big activity that many female students
try out for. There are two seasons in which they cheer for:
Football and Basketball. Although the Football
cheerleading squad has been successful in supporting the
team and gettingalong among themselves. the Basketball
cheerleading squad has had many problems from year to
year. Part of it may have to do with a longer season. but
mostly because there is no written set of rules to follow at
the beginning of the season such as the Football
cheerleaders had and there were no problems. in Basket-
ball cheerleadlng. some rules are sort of stated. but never

carried out or different exceptions are made for different

people. ‘ v .
Just like the Men's Basketball team. the same should be
true for Basketball Cheerleading. if you miss a practice
before the game. then you can’t participate in the game.
This is vital because if the mounts are to be perfected.
everyone must be present on a regular basis.
Cheerleading has changed from the .past. Today's
cheerleaders have to be not only somewhat strong and
ﬂexible. but also motivated and dedicated to their sport.
1 think that is why so many girls drop out of
cheerleading once they do make it. because there are no
set of rules made or the practices aren't even organized as
they should be for such a demanding activity. 1 think if

' the Basketball cheerleaders want to be recognized more.

the captain and co-captain should be fair to everyone so
that no inner conflicts arise that might destroy the team
unity. » i

For the amount of time the women practice. they
should not only look good. but be loud and pronunciate
their cheers as- a team. after all they are representing
SUNY at Albany.

Although Albany Cheerleading is sponsored by S.A.. if
it is to continue being a campus activity. i believe that it
should be coached by someone other than a student such

as a faculty member from the Physical Education Depart- -

ment like other SUNYAcampus sports such as Basket-
ball. Soccer. etc. Hopefully in the future years we will see
the squad expand and become a major Co-ed activity
representing our school spirit. '

~ '—-Donna Curran

Prowd 1 ng Justlce
To the Editor:     .

- - Fran Bogglano is a DES daughter. She has vaginal
cancer because her mother took the drug DES which was
utilized to prevent miscarriage.

 

 

Ray Walters. a former asbestos worker at Johns?
Manville. has asbestosis from installing asbestos in.

schools. ofﬁces. and'the State Legislature.

Frank Johnson. a Valenite worker. has held metals
disease from breathing cobalt dust that he was exposed to
at work.

These are real people. suffering real pain. However.
because of current New York State law. these people can-
not have their day in com.

Thousands of New Yorkers have already been exposed
to substances which cause diseases that do not show up
for years. or even generations. Countless others will be
needlessly exposed if New York's law does not change
now. Current law allows victims only three years from the
date? of exposure to sue for compensation. giving most
victims in New York no legal recourse. Proposed

legislation to amend this law would change the archaic
limitation period to three years from the date of discovery
of the injury. This act also provides an important"‘win-
dow clause" which would allow all those who have been
shut out of the courts one year to get the justice they
deserve. Last year the bill came very close to passing.
After unanimous passing in the Assembly. statewide ef-
forts by environmental groups. unions. religious
organizations and victims themselves helped see the bill
through the Senate Codes Committee. Committee Chair.
Sen. Ronald B. Stafford. (R) became chief sponsor and
lent his powerful support to this bill. The bill then went to
the Republican Senate Conference. A clear majority of
Senate Republicans publicly supported this bill.
However. without TV cameras and constituents looking
on. the Republican Conference, led by Senate Majority
leader Warren Anderson, killed the bill. along with the
hopes of many who worked for its passage.

That was last year. Now we must work to see history
does not repeat itself. This issue must be made as priority
for all of us. Drug companies. chemical manufacturers
and corporations which . have knowingly exposed
workers. consumers and citizens to toxics must be shown
that they can no longer hide behind a law that shields
them from responsibility.

. if we lived in most any other state we would be able to
get our day in court. 43 states have reformed their laws on
this issue. it is long overdue that New York do the same.
Please write to your Senator and ask him or her to push
for this bill to come up for a vote in the Senate. and ask
them to vote Yes on Senate Bill No. 9158. By working
together we can help provide justice for toxic victims.

Contact the Environmental Planning Lobby at
462-5526 for further information.

Suzanna Benson

Basic pleasures

To the Editor:

1 would like to question the “impeccable morals" 'of
Ken Dornbaum and Wendy L. Cervi of the Coalition
Against Pornography. They claim that Body Double
glorifies the killing of an “erotic dancer." isn‘t erotic
dancing something they want to wipe out themselves?
Does Not a Love Story glorify pornography? Why didn’t
they protest the "erotic" male damce show last semester?
Why didn’t they picket the x-rated 'film Last Tango in
Paris last semester? Doesn’t the Burning Bed advocate
violence against men? What grounds do they base their
assumptions on? i have’good evidence that people who
drink milk as a child are much more likely to commit sex
crimes than people who have never touched a drop of this
evil liquid. Ken and Wendy. go protest commercials with
“the Real Seal." Movies are a form of escapism for peo-
ple. and they should be viewed as such. Rape has shown
to be related to violent tendencies in people and sexual
frustration. Fuck-films are just that. a release for sexual
tensions. i admit that some of them are pretty sick. but
then. i don't choose to watch them either. Did both of
you "endure" through these movies to back up your
claims? Didn't your admission price further encourage
the making of more “ghastly” films like these? Do either
of you get excited at the sight of a naked body? Sex is a
wonderful thing, it's too bad Victorians like you spoil the
fundamental pleasures in life. like films and biological
processes. Sit back. pop open a Bud. and enjoy.
We’re all human. as hard as some of us 'try not to be.

—Akbltr Anwnrl

No affiliation

To the Editor:

ill the last issue of the ASP (January 29) there was a let-
ter which referred to the Albany State Flag Football
League (ASFFL) as an intramural group. The Associa-
tion of Men's intramural Association (AMlA) would like
to clear up any confusion as to the ASFFL's status. it is
not and has never been affiliated with AMlA.

—Bruce Glelt
Presldent..AMlA

Offensive movie

To the Editor:

1 ﬁrmly agree with Mr. Dornbaum's and Ms. Cervi's
letter against University Cinema's clloicc to show two
porn films this semester. There are plenty of good films
available. so why must University Cinema show
degrading. violent. and offensive movies? lf University
Cinema wants to draw a horny college crowd. why don't
they explore the possibility of acquiring an erotic film
that doesn't equate sex with murder and violence? The
killing of an erotic dancer with a power drill is not a turn
on and l pity anyone who finds it 50.

Count me in on the protest. February 1 and 2. at The
Opening of Misty Beethoven. Hopefully. with a suc-.
cessful protest. University Cinema will reconsider that
Body Double (with the power drill murder) should not be
shown,

' —-Ronl Gin-berg

 

