 

 
 

"“' Ki'ﬁ'BUTz: 's"TUD""'——"'"‘Y IN ISRAEL

'22 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY, NOVEMBER I9, 1985

....-..,...t......,,....,.,.m.m.,. ~4~ cw » 4.. . .c n - . ... r .

 

NNOUNCEMENT r

KIBBUTZ STUDY FOR UNDERGRADUATE & GRADUATE

STUDENTS
SUMMER. 1986

A summer program on a kibbutz in Israel is planned for
the summer of 1986. sponsored by the State University of
New York at Albany. The focus will be THE ICIBBUTZ AND

THE OUTSIDE WORLD. asking how members of a communal

settlement interact with other Israelis and non-lsraelis whom
they encounter daily and who represent different ways of life
from their own. The program includes working on the kib-
butz. study (six course credits) and travel in Israel. The ap-
proxiamate cost (subject to change) will be $1,390 plus tuition.
The program will be a six-week course in June and July. The
faculty member in charge is Walter P. Zenner, Associate Pro-
fessor of Anthropology.

If you are interested and would like to receive a full
brochure and application'vforms. please ﬁll out the blanks
below. Please send the forms to Professor Walter P. Zenner.
Department of Anthropology (Room SS 260). State University
of New York at Albany. 1400 Washington Avenue, Albany.
NY 12222.

KIBBUTZ WORK-STUDY PROGRAM. SUMMER. 1986

 

. F

 

(moon-sal-  ill  »

IT'S NOT a ctass
IT IS {a snowman

WEEKEND

This Fri 2: Sat Nov 22 E: 23
TOPICS OF DISCUSSION = '
-‘The experiences of a -
young student In the
6 Day War a Yom Kippur Wars'
-‘Where Was G-D During The

Holocaust?
-‘The TORHHS veivv of Grabs
in Israel. SHOULD THEY GO?’

 

s

l‘ aims-git:

_ ’ TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT mass 23

.‘E'

Tuition inereases to pay for'coliége Prosperity

COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE — Most college
administrators think their schools are on
the brink of a more prosperous era, but
they predict'students will pay for it by pay-
ing even higher tuition over the next few
years.

In a survey by a group called the Higher
Education Panel, a majority of ad-
ministrators think the collegiate ﬁscal
woes of the past decades-~from the

‘ hyperinﬂation begun by the oil embargo of

1973 through the federal budget cuts 'of
I98] and the recession of l982-83--may be
drawing to aclose as legislatures give more
money to campuses and the improved
economy makes it easier for schools to at-
tract donations. ._

But schools will have to raise tuition for
students anyway, the respondents said.

To adequately fund private colleges. for
example, tuition will probably have to rise
1.5 to two percent faster than the inﬂation
rate, said Julianne Thrift of the National
Institute of Independent Colleges and
Universities.

Public college administrators also say
tuition must increase faster than inﬂation,
although not as rapidly as in the last four
years.

they do blue chip investments," she
observed.

Labor costs and erasing inﬁation’s ef-
fects are public school issues as well, but
the improving health. of public colleges
also depends on how much money their
state legislatures give them.

Legislators in states which have not par-
ticipated fully in the economic recovery
may not be able to appropriate as much
money as those in other states. ‘

Last week Nebraska legislators, for ex-
ample, debated cutting state college
budgets drastically.

New Mexico’s public campuses are so

' broke that administrators announced Oct.

23 that they would no longer make counter
salary offers to faculty members offered
jobs by other schools.

State schools in Michigan and Ohio have
suffered from the decline of the steel and
automobile industries. Louisiana, Texas,
Alaska and Oklahoma, robbed of tax

revenues by the oil glut, cut their state col-
lege budgets earlier this year.

Moreover, "higher education has more
competitionpfor state funds" in all states,
notes Franklin Matsler of Illinois State’s
Dept. of Higher Education Administra-
tion, which monitors state higher educa-
tion appropriations around the country.

Legislators are being pressured to fund
new prisons and appropriate more money
to compensate for recent federal cuts in
programs for the poor and the handicap-
ped, he adds.

Nevertheless, administrators in prosper-
ing states generally are upbeat about their
immediate ﬁscal futures.

“We have really seen the dawn," noted
Adrian Harris, a vice chancellor at the
University of California at Los Angeles.
“We had about 17 years drought beginn-
ing with (Ronald) Reagan (’s
governorship). "

“Under Edmund (Jerry) Brown, we

would be lucky to get $7 million” for new
construction on all nine schools in the
state’s university system, he recalled.

In the last two years. California Gover-
nor George Deukmejian has budgeted
$300 million for campus construction
needs. “He really has covered the water-
front," Harris said.

Next. Harris and other ofﬁcials in the
California university system plan to ask
the legislature for more money for
teaching assistants.

But some planners remain skeptical.

“My outlook is tied to the national
scene. Due to the staggering deﬁcit, there
will be severely reduced spending,”
predicted Roger Horton, a budget planner
at Cal-Santa Barbara. “I do not share in
the rosy outlook.”

“We are at the peak of defense spen-
ding," said Horton, pointing out the
California economy depends greatly cry;t
weapons-related industries. 1:]

 

College success foreshadowed in H.S.

maintained.

COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE — Students
who took part in a lot of extracurricular

But it is students who dedicate
themselves to one or two activities —

“Class rank and SAT scores will

       

amP- 'Or- . u . .
N Ma} “ ingrseivfaizgulsstﬂgn ziufgtligcﬁﬁgm activites in high school make the best not those who may daily in a smattering always be number one in importanceto
Mailing Class    m oft-sag labor Gigs“ n ezplzined Jami: college students, a new study by the of activities— who go on to do the best admissions officets." Perham said.
Address: Standing: (FR.SOJR.SR.GR) .. Buchholz avice Chanéeum at washin ton Educational Testing Sevice (ETS) in college, Willingham found. “but this study suggests admissions

' g asserts. In essence, the study results tell Counseiors giVe a serious 100k to ex-

for more

Umversnty In St. Lows, Mo. tracurricular activities."

Home Addess:

(No. and Street, or Dorm)

 

(City, State and Zip)

 

A sponsored by: - 2 442-6071
Send to: Professor W.  Zeglrier, SS 260 THE FLﬁME, TRHDITIONFII.
‘ Department ° A“ °P°1°8Y STUDENTS MEMBERS OF THE
. c f l
ﬁzzfizgssgaizrgmk at Albany JEWISH STUDENTS common 2.
Albany. New York 12222 \ campus COMMISSION ‘ H

IRHBBI LEIB TROPPE info to“:
LOOK FOR DETHILS «I1an Dianne:

 

 

 

_,l

 

 

 

hNTER

SOCCER
INTEREST
MEETING

/

Captains / General

 

 

Fﬁday

L

   

 

Sﬁ Funded

5:00 LC I 9

 

 

h

THE HLPHH PLEDGE CLHSS
WOULD LIKE TO
CONGRHTULHTE

THE FOUNDING SISTERS 0F

SEEING? @EEW'GTI FEM] .
ON THEIR FORMGI. INDUCTION
INTO THE SORORITY

 

Stephanie Kay, Morganville
Caren Kreu. Brooklyn

Paige Lev. Old Bethpage

Marni Levy. Fort Lee. NJ

Debbie Maglds. Hewlett

Lauren Meller. Brooklyn

Sara Meyer. East Nomich

Jodi Orlow. Belle Harbor

Stacy Pittman, Great Neck

Enid Romaine, ayside

Debra Rosenberg, Valley Stream
Melissa Rosenleld, Lawrence
Cheryl Saperstein. Woodridge
ﬂmy Sllberrtein. Brooklyn

Lori Stern. Brooklyn

Wendy Strouber. Brooklyn
Mania Wadhwaney, N. Woodmere
Lori Wald. Oceanside

Diane Wlldenborger, West Nyack

Mindy ﬁgin. Oceanside
Donna ﬁltman. Great Neck
Karen ﬁmster, New City
Paula ﬁmsterdam, Bellmore
Shari ﬁronow. i’lainview
Meg Behrend, Manhattan
Jaclyn Bernstein. Brooklyn
ﬁmy Bittner. Staten Island
Karin Bleyer. West Nyack
Hillary Brotman. Setouket
Julie Cohen. Mountaindale‘
Rona Denbaum. Brooklyn
Teri Edelstein. Oceanside
Jodi Fiddia. Parksville

Lisa Goldberg. Woodmen
Rona Gorbacz. Glendale
Debbie Harris. Brooklyn
Sandy Holden. Fort Johnson
Jodi Hyman. E. Windsor, M]
Heidi Jacobson, East Hills

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Colleges also are trying to catch up on
construction projects they’ve delayed since
the hard times began, and trying to im-
prove teacher salaries. which laggcd during
the high inflation of the 1970’s and early
1980's, Thrift said.

But Thrift is optimistic because private
colleges tend to do better when the
economy at large does well.

“Our colleges tend to do very well when
parents have a rosy outhok on the general
economic climate. Parents react to us like

 

The study, prepared for ETS by
research psychologist Warren Will-
ingham and called “Success in Col-
lege," tracked the college careers of the
Class of 1983 at nine colleges.

Willingham found that, while high
school class rank and Scholastic Ap-
titude Test (SAT) scores are still by far
the best measures of students' academic
potential, extracurricular activities are
the truest indicators of all-around col-
lege success.

. tracurricular

students to “work hard. do well
academically and, if you want an edge,
pick one or two extracurricular activites
and do them well," said David Perham,
dean of admissions at Colgate and head
of the comittee for the nine colleges that
participated in the study.

Although the study focused on ex-
activites. its findings
“don't take away from the importance
of the class rank and SAT score" in
evaluating students' potential, Perham

has stressed the importance of such ac-
tivites. the study’s ﬁndings have pro-
mpted him to “pay a lot more attention
to the stick-to-it-iveness kid rather than
the spread—yourself-thin-kid.”

earlier this month, College Board Presi-
dent Hanford said the results “put to

While Perham says Colgate always

In announcing the study’s ﬁndings

 

rest some longstanding myths about the
admissions process.” C]

 

COME PHRTY WITH

  

 

 

(Rte. 155 off Central Ave.) m Colonle

 

I
——-_
351 New Kamer Rd.

THURS. NOV. Z'IST 9PM

 

 

 

 

S3. admission
SI . draft beers
$1.15 mixed drinks

 

 

I'ree buses
every half-hour

at circle

 

 

discounts on
Capltaland
'Taxl

 

 

 

 

 

 

