 

6a Aspects

:-‘.rrrrr. i...‘i-;

._¥

' ——"‘May 3. 1935

 

—-—SEN|OR WEEK IS COMING!!!

AYll-MAY 19

 

 

 

‘Look for us on the Podium next
week, we will be selling extra tickets
*All buses for events will leave from
the circle. Please arrive 1/2 hour
before the departure time printed on
your ticket. Tickets are required to
get on the bus.

“Proof of citizenship is needed for
Montreal trips

‘ID is required for the Clambake,
Rafters, Booze Cruise and Atlantic
City

*NO cars are permitted to drive to
the Clambake

*The Broadway Show “Mama, I
Wanna Sing" was cancelled. Those
who purchased tickets will get their
money back. Please leave your
name and phone number in the
Class of 1985 mailbox in the SA
office

 

SENIOR WEEK IS CGiViING

sa recognized

 

 

 

ONGitiiilllliTIOllS

EESTT WUSW§S
?@ TUBE
@lLG’iSS C9? 05

 

University
Auxiliary
Services

'a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

@lmilvirsilttw
@irosomtts 

 
 

 

“Something Wonderful"

ﬁﬂﬁﬁ Showing: of
2010:

The Year We Make Contact
Show Mimosa ila@@a 33W), @LM] 7730)
Scum. Mary @Giii Elm M ‘08

First 25 people admitted will receive Free T-Shirts!
Special Prize Raffle!

 

 

 

 

 

SR Funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

    

  

 

May 3, P985“ lAspects 7a

do ya?

Dii‘ you remember? "

0 you remember Bob Dylan? He
D came from a state in the midwest

~— Minnesota. He was a ,wiry,
spunky .littic twerp with this rather gran-
diose idea of changing the face of
American popular music. The plan was cer.
tainly simple enough: pick a popular
underground genre (in this case folk) and
start out unobtrusively to digest its cliches
and complacencies, churn it with the bile
of history and innovation, and rcgurgitate
something scary, shiny, and challenging.
But you can't please all of the people all of
the time —- sooo — fuck 'em, they got
friends of their own: i do what i wantl

Michael Eek

Will you remember Husker Du? They
came from a state in the midwest — Min-
ncsota. They are a husky, spunky lot with
this rather grandiose idea of changing the
face of American music...

 

 

Minneapolis, "a lame gray town known
for its sound." a land of lakes, Prince. and
the Prairie Home companion —- home to
three purposeful individuals who fly under
the banner of the Swedish children’s board
game Husker Du. Sometime in 1979 Grant
Hart, Bob,Mould, and Greg Norton decid-
ed that snails and puppy dog tails weren’t
quite enough and sugar and spice didn't cut
it either, so they saddled up the evil dragon
of rock-n-roll and began traveling on a Sin
bodic journey of distortion.

Propelled by ‘the movie-exploding-
automoblle-factory-in-head guitar of Bob
Mould.- they churned out three above
average hardcore releases on the
Minutemen's New Alliance label and
developed a cult following in much the
same way that cult followings often
develop. The brutal simplicity of hardcore

lured..thm into: thymusicalrarenabutdts  .  ‘

stifling conservatism soon became a

. restraining'factor. The Huskers, realizing

something was going awry in the dogma of
open-mindedness, decided to forge their
metal on avdifferent anvil. : ' '
Hardcore, the bastard 'son of punk rock,
began as a reaction against ts casts impen-
ding commercialization. lt renewed the clo-
it-yourself canon of early punk and
catapulted tempo and emotion to an un-
seen level. Possessing, at its inception, an
unusual amount of honesty, its function as
a medium is to offend (its detractors) and
unite (its supporters). it was certainly an

essential and very needed kick in the ass to ‘

the complacency and’conformity of the
collective music business. Unfortunately, it
soon fell victim to its own excesses; its
brazen authority and rebelliousness caused
many to fuse fashion and' fire into a com-
plete, coherent lifestyle (not unheard of in
the rock community) --— that all too soon
stratified into imitatingly predictable peo-
ple listening to imitatingly predictable
bands playing imitatineg predictable

music (also not unheard of in the rock .

community).

Husker Du applied its hammer to the

heat and rebelled against the revolution. A ,

 

change was evident soon after they joined
Black Flag's innovative SST record label.
The songs were becoming more varied and
textured while-new subjects flowered in
gems such as "Diane" (from their first SST
release Metal Circus). Also the emphasis
on playing at the speed of light was reliev-
ed, allowing breathing space for future
subtleties. The Huskers decided to redefine
the original honesty and freedom of hard-
core —— to boldly go where no band had
gone before —— to destroy all prcconcep~
lions and return to innocence. Therefore
what came next was unexpected.

"Eight Miles High" is a glorious, horrify-
ing effort that exists separately and distinct-
ly on its own; it is a record that lives extant

defined the eighties by destroying a song
that defined the sixties. A brilliant exercise
in the genuine cathartic capability. of.
music, it transcends in a fashion unheard
since Daltrey's roar of rage at’th'e climax of
."Won't get—fooled again." Mould's cracki-
w ing intensity soars.- his e|0quent, tortured
screaming r'makes ,gore movie brawiers
sound like cats faking orgasms —— badly.
The real pain of, this song induces a certain
shallowness of breath and prickie of fear.
The churning lucamotive rhythm section
of Norton and Hart careens beneath and
around Mould's lawnmower improvisa-
tions. "Eight Mites High" is experienced
rather than heard.

The single was a preliminary introduc-
tion to the band's masterwork, Zen Ar-
cade, the two record Heiira ofa young
man and America. Easily the most impor-
tant double set since London Calling, it
replaced the Clash with Husker Du as the

 

 

only band that matters (a friend recently

 

 
 

of its producers and perceives. Husker Du '

 

 

  

told me that Deadheads didn't like the
Clash because they were too intense for
drugs. Husker Du can occasionally become
too intense for reality. if you doubt check
out the convicions of "Hi Never Forget
You") The band mines an incredible emo-
tional mine throughout Zen Arcade. Grant
Hart and Bob Mould, the two songwriters.
challenger! themselves and succeeded —«
from the acoustic heartbreak of "Never
Talking to you Again" to the androgyny of
"Pink Turns to Blue" and the angst‘ridden,
above mentioned, "l'll Never Forget You."

With Zen Arcade the Huskers brake
many hardcore self-imposed rules. A con
cept album featuring popular and dated
elements that bridged the gap between
hardcore and the uninitiated audience was

 

unheard of. Regardless, the album sold
very well and created an also unheard of
critical furor. it will stand as one of the
most importantrecords of the decade. it
also stands as a fitting introduction to the
subject at hand. -

New Day Rising is, for all intensive pur-
poses, Husker Du’s fifth album. it develops
familiar trends andinttiates new ones and
while not as wholly embracing as Zen Ar-
cade it succeeds stylistically on broader
levels. A facsination with sixties conven-
tions remains tempered by a greater per
song breath (variations now appear within
a song structure as opposed to the song by
song method of the last album). The most
galvanizing aspect of this record is its en-
croachment on commercial elements and
its incorporation of "rock and roll" cliches.

The title cut kicks off; a tortured varia-
tion of a three word lyric it attempts to
vocally mimic the theme and variation
style of the instrumental “Recurring

     

 

 

Dreams" (from Zen Arcade). Appropriate
:t‘ . 5» g. : .‘ ,> .n- 

in its placement it is the first in a series of
experiments "i Apologiye,” one of the
more accessible tracks, features staccato,
jackharnmer rifting and layered vorals.
The lyrical content typifies the moving on
from often naive hardcore" government
sucks/l hate my mother/l'm gonna kill
myself" politics.

Husker Du has become concerned on a
much more personal level. interpersonal
(ormmrniralions replaces Joy Division —
like introspection. This renewed tie with
sixties pseudo-romantic values that remain
relevant is sprinkled throughout the album;
"if i Told You," "i don't know what you're
talking about," "Terms of Psychic War-
fare" (complete with "Quinn the Eskimo"
opening riff). The frustration factor also
plays heavily ("59 times the pain") as it has
throughout their career.

The strongest track also challenges the
hardcore mentality. Negativism is cast
aside for four minutes while "Celebrated
Summer" recalls past good times: The joy
of simply hanging out and being free from
school. There is a shadow, however, in the
reminiscence. “Do you remember when
the first snowfall fell/and summer barely
have a snowballs chance in hell." When
escape is impossible Mould suggest look-
ing to oneself, "i summer where i winter
at/No one is allowed there." "Celebrated
Summer" is the closest the Du have come
to commericiai potential yet they succeed
even at that precarious level. Acoustic
bridges let the time breathe, but cannot
contain its electric urgency.

Only one experiment fails. "How to
Skin a Cat" is a lame attempt at sound col-
lage and artful repetition. The deadpan
spoken lines sound like a tired, humorless
recreation of the Circle lerks' “Group Sex."
The effort is there but almost only counts
in horseshoes. '

Braury piano supplants "Books About
UFOs" sprightly beat. it is this type of pro-
duction that places Husker Du at the
leading edge of hardcore. it opens avenues
without compromising,- They have learned

the value of creating actual songs/records

rather than blocks of indiscriminate noise.
“Books...” "approaches an almost Beach
Boys type arrangement counterpaining grit
and wit. it has a sneakiiy endearing hask
that makes it really stand out.

Husker Du is now at a crossroads. New
Day Rising will certainly expound their
commercial potential and therefore create
a dilemma that in their case will hopefully
(read probably) be solved by a feeling
rather than an accountant. improving musi-
cianship and studio knowledge will ob-
viously continue to effect Mould and
Hart's songwriting; on New Day Rising
Steve Fjelstad's engineering has ably incor-
porated these elements without sacrificing
any of his tradework rawness. The direc~
tion of their next album is thankfully
unclear. Thankfully because when one can
once again pigeonhole and predict them.
they will be finished.

Husker Du just may be the most impor-
tant band in America today. (But if you've
got a second let me tell you about the
Minutemen...) Ci

 

     
 
 
  

 
  

