 

 

 

5v

3'8 AtbﬁNr's‘rUBéNfﬁléEs's Cl ft’J'EsbA id‘bbibaisk‘ltfh'éds

 

 

 

 

 

the program for all foreisn added. Housmﬂ “"4 Mail Ihiscou on to: RS A
students. “It is agood idea; it can .The Conversation Partner Pro- According to Suzane Reeves, Financml Aid Insmummyi mlegnl'l’mming V
help when you first get here and gram is a supplement for students “many students hope to continue “1’11”!!be lﬁﬁ‘aﬁffhhﬂ'ﬁ‘, mm
.9 would like to meet a friend," she enrolled in IELP, where students their eductions in American THE INSTTTUTE mensclﬂd'; M“. 0,-\,,,u,,:_,ml(,gm._
.  O 8 said. It takes more time to meet study five hours a day in English universities, same plan to use FOR mm, ' ‘
$3 W/tax sucker $ $ 0 people when “you can't speak the courses for reading, writing, English pprofessionally at home. MNING WW
‘6 1] language too well." she added. speaking, listening, and gram- and others are‘learning simply for , (.m, WV 7‘?
$5 W/Out ‘3‘ . “Perhaps the most important mar. There is no minimum their own satisfaction." gpl’nil’t'd (B’l/ the (“HM '
. . . _.aspect of this program," said English proficiency required to Reeves invited people interested 1110”.ij nr , u ’v «'
TICketS belng 501d 1n  Reeves, “is that it gives foreign begin the IELP. in becoming aConversation Part- A5505“’“"" 1" n " "" "“

S.A. Funded

 

  

 

 

 

369* It’s back..State Quad‘Boa-rd’s

 

 

 

 
 

Proper 1.13. tolerink

March
«Front Page ‘ '

By marching together in large
numbers, "women are saying that
we want to be safe, on the streets
and in our homes. Only women

take part in the march," she said. 
.doubly threatened walking alone

Women marched to show our-
strength and our solidarity. We
want our message to be clear: we
will no longer be victims of this
kind of physical, emotional and
psychologicl abuse. she asserted“

After hearing the speakers, the
women marched to and around
Washington Park and then back
to the Capitol, while a handful of '
men stayed behind. “I'm‘ a
human , being and I-‘m against
rape,” said SUNYA student Pete
Jones, one of the men who stayed
behind. “As one speaker said.
let’s separate the people from the
rapists,"_ he added.

Reaction to the rally was mixed
among the women who marched.

gen versation p
and talk to Americans. 'Shelsaid

she felt that her transition to the
United States and SUNYA would

be a lot easier, if she could speak a n in c o m p l e t e E n g l i s h IELP expanded into a full year “99:1'800'222‘IPLT'
to and get acquainted with a background, she said. program in I980, and still offers a I - -
native. “A conversation partner fur- six week summer session. The w? "mmcampus—l-O-LllLB-s—

However, although Chizuyo
and her partner were only able to
meet once, Chizuyo recommends

“I students the opportunity to use

theirEnglish outside of a

limited English proﬁciency," said

.“As a lesbian, I run the risk of
not only rape. but also queer
bashing,” said Tamara Richman,
co-chair of SUNYA's Gay and
Lesbian Alliance (GALA); _ '
Richman added that she feels

at night. “The amazing thing
about the march was the strength
and power I felt ﬂowing through
the women. 'For the ﬁrst time I
felt. safe at night,” she said. '
f Another woman who attended
the‘rally was not as optimistic.
“Frankly. I’m a bit upset at the

turnout,- Ix'was: expecting more ‘,

women," she said. “The sad

' thing is that only for'ythose few

moments were we (the
demonstrators); safe from. being
raped," she continued. ‘

She added that she felt the rally.‘-‘,

“could mislead the public tht rape
occurs only at night and in the
streets and could confuse victims

classroom situation." It is dif-
ﬁcult enough for a student _to
speak up in a large class without
the added pressure resulting from

ther expands the student's in-
tellectual and social understan-
ding of the United States," she

“Some‘ students have very

‘4 ‘. «190.1:  .

- greater measures

It

.TUESDAX, OCT OBERJ, I985 CLALBANY STUDENTPRESS 

of date rape and incest." She also
added that while marching the
women encountered a few
heeklers.

""“I was a little disappointed

With the turnout, but all in all the

march was good because more
Women joined us as we marched,
said Mickey Alford, a member of
the New, York Public Interest

Research Group (NYPIRGYS'

Women’s Issues Project. “‘The
purpose of the march Was to
make women awareand to unify
women, and I think “it was suc-
cessful," she said,. 

“The Feminist Alliance is ex- .

tremer concerned with assisting
in the development of a greater
awareness of women's safety,"
said Wendy Cervi, co-chair of the
Feminist Alliance. “We hope the
march will serve as a catalyst to
to protect
women,” she said. El

Reeves. “white others are nearly
fluent." IELP students remain in
the program as many semesters as
they need to become fluent.

IELP has helped students from
forty-nine different countries im-
prove their English skills.

ner to stop by her ofﬁce at Educa-
tion 122. El

 yr ‘3. "..

 

 

SIGMA CHI OMEGA

—Z XII.—

IS Proud To Announce
The 1985-1986 Officers

Eric Rogell - President
John Markovs - Vice President
Scott Toth - Treasurer
Bernard Ng - Secretary
Erik Iller - Rush Chairman
Vinny Veneziano - Pledge Master

Steve Mains - Historian
Kevin Hughes - Tribune

The Brothers of

_ zxn

Cordially Invite You
To Join Them For A
USH '
SHIN-GTON

WA

R

TAVERN

.1 

        
 

Thursda
IndianyQ

You are invited to give testimony at an
OPEN HOUSE
Regarding the

IMPLENTATION or THE
, 21 YEARS OLD
ALCOHQLIClgBEVERAGE
PURCHASE ‘
'  -

“tr.  mm; ...L,  

October 10, 1985
uad Skin Room
GﬂOPM-BﬂOPM

 

   

   

 

 

 

Jim Laily -— The Senior Associate Editorial
Assistlve Production Managering Editor (In
Charge Of Massages) Years

 

 

 

' profession

..in

  

According to the 0.5. Bureau of Labor Statistics,
the need lorparalegab I: about to double.

Now is the time to become a part of this
dynamic profession. . .and there is no finer train-
ing available than at Philadelphia's acclaimed
Institute for Paralegal Training. After just four
months of intensive study, we will find you a job
in the City of your chance. We are so confﬁFﬁl t7
the minke—tability of our graduates that we offer a
unique tuition refund plan.

To learn how you can add market value to
your college degree, return the coupon or call toll~

-_ a _. The ,v @
fastest-growing. .

America. , 

 

 

 

 

 

Contact your placement office to arrange for an
individual interview or group presentation.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEW ISN‘T ALWAYS BETTER.
This Simchas Torah we begin to read the Torah anew
for the 3298th time. It is a'time for singing, dancing
and rejoicing.

Torah is both old and new. It goes back thousands
of years, yet is current to this very day. Timeless

_ and eternal, the Torah never grows old. As we declare
in the f‘Shema”,“Which Icommand you gig day”—
“Each day it is regarded as it was just given to us

for the first time.”

Sounds old-fashioned? Would you prefer something
more recent and modern? Then look at Coke- they

I made a big mistake by tampering with a true and
tried formula. People of good taste just wouldn’t
take it. So what else is new?

That isn’t to say that there is nothing new about Torah.
Every day and age offers new insights into its wisdom,-
and new opportunities for growth within the Mitzvos.
Torah draws on new parables and parallels from our
living experience. Like this very article that you are

  

     
  
 

 
   
     
     
     
   
   
   
   
     
   

Wednesday. Oct. 9th _
Glenn Ghiazza - Chapter Editor ‘, $  I  * '-

Doug Sides - Chief Justice With.  And 2 2 5 _.  Speakers may be limited to a 5 minute presentation
Brian Eustace - Athletic Coordinator . ' “Settle Pitchers  ' and are encouraged 23:13:21“ the” comments m
» Dan Courtney - Little Sister Chairman From 9'12  -  '
Dr. A.C. Higgins - Faculty Advisor A

All interested PLEDGES r
  ‘ I ...And now the fun begins.

reading now.
But while the packaging and presentation may change,
the essence of Torah remains constant. As the Talmud
tells us in the Ethics of Our Fathers: “Do not look at

the bottle,- look what’s inside it.”

" COURTESY OF:

R.Z.A.

& Kosher Pizza & Falafel

483 Washington Avenue
Albany, NY 12206 465-5638

   
 

 
   
 

Budweiser

 
        

  

     

—._—.... .

For more informatio call
the Department of Campus Life at 442-5 566

      
    
     

"m the ‘ L

and LITTLE SISTERS should '
come and party with the
brothers

 
 

Sponsored by the Student Affairs Division:
Implementation of 21 Committee

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

