.2 ALBAN YSTUDENT PRESS El TUESDA if. FEBRUARY 5.1985

NEWS 33’555‘

Wérldwidg 

Gromyko may soften

. _. ._ New York
(AP) A top Soviet diplomat who claims
too have spied for the CIA for 2V: years
before defecting to the United States in
l978. "says he’s convinced that Soviet
Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko is seek-
ing to restore detente. .

“Western speculation g has given
Gromyko the dubious honor of being the
single most, inﬂuential initiator of the
>Kremlin’s .ultrahard line toward .the U.S.
in the 1980’s." Arkady Shevchenko writes
in a new book. “This speculation seems to
me far wide of the mark.”

Shlevchenko, 54. who was a protege of

 

 

Gromyko. says the chilly relations between -

Moscow and Washington are not the result
of one man’s policy.

“Gromyko shares power with other key
partners in the collective leadership that
runs the Kremlin.” Shevchenko writes.
“And all of them, including Gromyko. are
just now more belligerent and hypersen-
sitive than usual." '

Peruvian peace urged

Ayacucho, Peru
(AP) Pope John Paul ll has urged leftist
rebels in the heart of Peru's guerrilla war
zone to lay down their weapons and con-
vert “to the cause of reconciliation and
peace." '

The pope visited the military-controlled

city of Ayacucho. birthplace of the rebel
group known as Shining Path. on Sunday
and pleaded for an end to fighting in the
Andes Mountain region that has claimedl

' 10-year prison terms.

 

4.000 dead in four years.

PREVIEWOFEVENTS' ‘ ‘

The pope told cheering c'tjowd's at the
heavily guarded. sand-bagged airport at
Ayacucho: “I ask you then. in the‘name of
God. to change your road. convert

I yourselves to the cause of recenciliation

' and peace." '

Slavic rebels Jailed '

Belgrade, Yugoslavia

(AP) Three Yugoslavian dissidents were
convicted Monday of spreading propagan-
da hostile to the communist regime. and
sentenced to prison terms ranging from
one to two years. . . ‘
However. defense attorneys said the
sentences were a victory for free speech.
since their clients could have been given

The verdict handed down by presiding
Judge Zoran Stojkovic found the three
guilty of falsely depicting the Yugoslav
system and insulting the country’s leaders.
including the late President Josip Broz
Tito.

Mobsters charged

Taipei, Taiwan

(AP) Justice Ministry investigators Mon-
day filed preliminary murder charges
against two reputed gangsters in connec-
tion with the killing last October of a
Chinese-American writer at his California I
home. the government said. ' ~
The writer. Henry Liu. 52. a critic of the
Taiwan government, was shot to death .
Oct. 15 in Daly City. Calif.

. A brief statement from the Government
information Office also said three Defense .
Ministry intelligence officials have had
their cases referred to military prosecutors j
to determine whether they were involved in ;

 

 

the killing.

 

 

 

   

US cars narrow gap

Washington. Dd
(AP) “The Car Book". an annual rating
of automobiles for safety. fuel economy.
maintenance, repair costs and insurance
costs. is out again and its author says
American manufacturers are catching up
to their Japanese counterparts.

“The gap is narrowing." author Jack '

'Gillis said on this morning NBC-TV “To-

day” show. “While the quality of the
domestic cars isn't up to their Japanese
counterparts. it's getting close.”

Gillis. a former Department of
Transportation employee. had charge of
putting out the first guide when he worked
there in. i980. The government discon-
tinued the book‘ after that and he has
published it privately each year since.

His methods of rating cars have come
under severe criticism. in the past. detrac-
tors charged that he attemptstc project
repair and maintenance costs for some new
cars“ that have_been on the road only
several months and that he rates crash-
worthiness of new cars that haven't been
crash-tested.

Dems switch strategy
(AP) House Democratic leaders have quit
trying to restrict after-session television
coverage of the House floor. and are swit-
ching strategy to make use of the free TV
time the same way Republicans do. '
For the past year. Republicans have
spoken at length to an empty chamber- and
a national cable audience of millions at the
conclusion of each day’s regular session.
Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill. D-Mass.,
tried to discourage the practice of order-

 

 
   

 

LUCK“ UPI

 

ing the TV cameras to pan the been-empty
chamber. and by having a state
across the bottom of the tier 1

these times stating that the HouSe was no
longer considering legislation; ‘But
Republican activists kept on=spealtlng to
the cameras. I.

Slogans warndrlve‘rs
‘ " i .  mediums
(AP) The Texas Department’of/Mentai

  

1 Health and Mental Retardation. tsp-hoping
‘ to cut down on drunken driving bytakin'g

a cue ‘ anda few well-chosenversesfnfrom

Burma Shave. r
The agency has put up two sets of- road~

side jingles like thosepopularized from

I925 to l9§7 by Burma Shave: but with a
generally heavier message for drivers in
Smith County. said cemmunity>”c00r-
dinatorDeeann McFadden. « . v. -. L: ,
Ms. McFadden said it costs about «$375
to put up a series of signs.'Two sets have

' been erected so far with donations. from

community groups. . ._
The slogans are taken fromBurma

- Shave signs promoting highway ,safety in

the 1940’s and 1950's. l.ike,,thi‘s classic
from l939:  ’
“it’s best for
One who hits
‘ The bottle
To let another
Use the throttle."

 

~ Kingston
(AP) The main Ulster County _’ office
building here remained closed Monday
while further tests were conducted ‘to
determine the cause of a number of. unex-
plained illnesses. officials said.  -'

More than 350 employees were relocated
temporarily to otherrmunicipal structures
last Thursday after at least "people in‘ the
building became dizzy and'nauseated on
several occassions over the course-of eight
days.

Legislative Chairman William West'an-
nounced Sunday night that' the office
building would remain closed Monday'for
further testing to 'find what caused the li-
lnesses. He said ventlllating ducts were
moved over the weekend to provide for
more fresh air flow in the building. ’

NYC church b'urned

New York
(AP) A drooklyn church. burned to the
ground on the eve of its 125th anniversary.
will . be rebuilt if parishoners in the
predominantly poor Redford-Stuyvesant
area can raise $3 million. a fundraiser said
Monday.

City Council member Enoch Williams
said he has begun collecting money to
replace the Janes United Methodist
Church. felled by fire on November lo. the
night before its. I25th anniversary
celebration. r

Williams said plans are being drawn for
a “contemporary type of church." to
replace the old. red brick building. which
was full of hand-carved hardwbodsmnd
topped with a six-story steeple. ‘ "

 

Free iistin gs

\

Albany Student Prue will
hold Its interest meeting
Wednesday. February 6 at 7:30
pm. In LC 5. Anyone Interested
in writing, advertising, business
and production is encouraged
to attend.

The English Undergraduate
Club will hold an interest
meeting on Monday, February
11 at 4:00 pm. In the
Humanities Lounge. HU 354.
All interested students are an-
couraged to attend.

Orientation Offices an-
nounces student loader and ot-
flco assistant positions for two
months this summer. Applica-
tions available in AS 129. Call
457-4932 for more information.

NVPIRG will begin Ite.wcrl<
for the Spring semester with a
general Interest meeting
Wednesday. February 6 at 7:00
pm. In LC 22.

There will be a Statistics Col-
loquium with Professor John D.
Emerson Wednesday. February
8 at 4:15 pm. In E8140.

NEMESIS. a women's art and
literary magazine. ls accepting

contributions at the Campus

Center Information desk. The
deadline Is February 15.

-l'tod Croce Bloodmoblle Will
be held Thursday. February 7 at
the Campus Center Ballroom
from 10:00 am. to 4:00 pm. For
more Information call 462-7401.

Students for iaraol will hold
an Interest meeting on Wednom
day. February 6 at 7:80 pm. In
Campus Center 357.

Graduate Aleletanlnhlpr and
one fellowship In France and
Germany are available from the
office of international pro-
grams. For applications and

more information call 457-8678,
An Evening of Conversation
with William Kennedy will be
held Wednesday, February 6 at
1:80 pm. in the College of Saint
Hose Activity Center. 404
Western Avenue. For more In-
formation call 454-5102.

Debate Team will hold a
general Interest meeting Tues-
day'. February 5 at 7:30 pm. In
the Humanities Lounge HU 354.

Applications for admission to
Phi Alpha Theta. the history
honor society. are due into Pro-
fessor William Ready in SS 346
by Friday. February 8. Forms are

available In the Hleto Office
85 341. W

There will be a meeting for all
pro-health applicants applying
to one of the health proleselon
schools on Thursday. February
7 In the Campus _,.Center
Assembly Hall at 4:00 pm.
Those who come to the meeting
In December need not attend.

Purple and Gold Is now ac-
cOpting applications from the
classes of 1988 and 1987. At)-
plications are available in Catn-
pue Center 180 and the Office of
Alumni Affairs. Application

 

 

 

deadline Ia Friday, March 1.

 

 

l

TUESDA Y, FEBRUAR Y 5, [985 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

 "‘tWaI'klAlone recrganizing to up efficiency

By Pam Schusterman
snrr warren ,

Over 600 SUNYA students were assured a safe walk
home last semester because they took advantage of the
free escort service offered by Don't Walk Alone. but
changes in the program’s structure and operations are in
the works to make the organization more efficient. ,

Hirschenson. the graduate assistant in charge of DWA
has left and a Board of Directors is being instituted. “A
group needs direction and it is usually better to have a
mixture of people making the decisions." Student
Association Vice-President Suzy Auletta said.

However. according to Dan Altman. a board member
and co-founder of DWA. graduate help is being sough
and interviews will be held this week. -

There is also a change in the structure of the program.
Altman said, explaining that volunteers will no longer be
stationed in the uptown quads. only at the library and in
the office. “This will save on time and help the program's
efﬁciency. When volunteers are called they will respond
immediately." he said. .

Along with the changes. the main focus this semester
will be the embarkment of a new awareness campaign. ac-

 

“For a ﬁrst semester program it was quite a success,”
' said Post. saying she was pleased at the 600 person total
for Fall I984. ‘

However. in a two month pilot program held the
previous year, over four hundred students were escorted,
while in the ﬁve months of last semester. only 600
students were reached. - '

According to Auletta. several factors must be con-
sidered in discussing the ﬁgures. "First of all. the newness
of the program was a plus. students were willing to give it
a try" during the pilot program. she said.

Altman agreed. saying “there was a lot of enthusiasm
with the pilot program. the people involved knew each
other and they were out to prove that the program could
work."

He added that communication was better during the
trial period. which is something DWA must work on
improving.

Post added that “the trial period was held in a time of -
warmer weather, more people ventured out of their
rooms in the ﬁrst place."

However, Auletta said. “the number of students reach-
ed at six hundred is a stable number. the people who

 

cording to board member Libby Post.

“We will be using direct on-campus mail. and will
hopefully be getting t-shirts and buttons for the escorts."
in order to publicize a new. more recognizable DWA
logo." '

“Basically.” according to Auletta. “we will be trying ‘

Asan to tells blacks to

pass heritage to youth

By Andrea Corson

in a warmly received speech at Saturday’s Second Annual Con-
ference on Critical Black issues. Molefi K. Asante told an audience of‘
200 that only black mental patients could think racism didn‘t exist-in
today’s society. . .

Asante. chair of Temple University’s African-American Studies
Department. said that .in theface of an often hostile world. blacks

.vmust emphasize. for themselves and their children. their African-

Americanlheritage'. 3.;  ,. t I .. ' , v :

Asantesaid-he believes that :Blacks are worse off now than when
President-Ronald,-Reagan. first. started his iterm in office. “Since
Reagan became president our situation. which was desperate then.
has become critical now." he asserted. One of the main reasons
behind Asante's attitude he said, is that "Reagan wants to eliminate
job core (training), which will have a great impact upon the African-
American family." - ' '

Asante added that government agencies are creating policies which
put severe burdens on blacks. He said they have suffered a decline in
disparable income and that-there is much more unemployment and
poverty now than there was in 1980. “The rate of black ,' ,
ment is declining slower than that of white unemployment." he said.

“We can not and must not tolerate this attack on the moral.
economic and spiritual fabric of our community. We will withstand
this." Asante declared.

Asante said he feels that white voters view most blacks as a
“negative force of equality" which he termed a clear view of‘ what
Reagan has meant to the African-American family.

In order to understand the historical and cultural heritage of Africa
Asante said he believes in the “Afro-centric family where Africa is in
the center.” When people participate, he said. in an Afro-centric
family. they all learn to participate In their culture and society.

According to Asante. in order to achieve strength in the family one
must look at the relationship between the parents and their children.
“We want them (the children) to learn suspicion. caution and
resistance to live in this society. If they do not learn this then they are
victims of society." he said. '

“We tahght them all people are equal and to respect everyone.
which are the lﬁsons our forefathers taught us." Asante said. adding
that the more suspicion Blacks have the less likely it is that they will
get hurt in a discriminatory society. “Teach them (children) caution
but teach them to be open to human possibilities." he added.

Asante distinguished between Moses and the Afro-American by
saying Moses was provided with a social and cultural identity and
when it eume time to step on stage he did so immediately. not think-
ing about what side he was on. unlike the African-American in socie-
ty today. “The line between whites and blacks creates great distance
today in America." he said.

Asante expressed two of his own ideas to help the African-
American. First. he would like churches in Albany to open their
doors twice a week for an hour each day to have an afterschool-
school in which a black professional would teach Afro-American
history to Black children.

Secondly. he suggested that sororities and fraternities could give
philanthropic awards to young Blacks who demonstrate high stan-
dards of value In their community. “Awards can be based on ques-
tions of ethics discussed." he said.

Asante concluded with a note of final caution to the African-
Amerlcnn warning that Blacks must resist the oppression of economic
and cultural "strangulation." iii

to sell the campus on how terriﬁc the program is." She
added that just the mere existence of DWA shows that
SUNYA is aware of women‘s safety and safety in general
off and on campus.

“Violence is a constant force and awareness must be
perpetual," added Post.

a and Rusch beer distributors will all be tabling in

needed to be reached. were."

The program has a lot to of fer. Post maintained. say-
ing it helps both women and men recognize that there is
nothing wrong with asking for help. which is better than
facing the sometimes violent consequences of walking
alone. [:1

 

HOWARD YUAN UPS

BACCHUS President Randi Wales
“Students have to realize that we're doing it for them not for politicians or the administration"

Alcohol Awareness Week works
to foster education . moderation

By David Kase

In an effort to educate students on the poten-
tial hazards.of drinking and driving. Student
Association. along with BACCHUS. has
declared Alcohol Awareness Week and will pre-
sent a variety of programs. geared at the respon-
sible use of alcohol.

BACCHUS._ Boosting Alcohol Conciousness
Concerning the Health of University Students.
S.A.l. The Division of Motor Vehicles. the New
York state and Albany County Sheri f f 's Associa-
tion.‘the Albany Police Department. and his

'ticipating bars when presenting a membership
card which identifies the bearer as a designated
driver. Participating bars include the Across the
Street Pub. The Griffin. The Lamp Post. The
Long Branch. and O’Heaney's. Students may
sign up at the SA table in the Campus Center or
the Lecture Centers. or at the SA ofﬁce during
oﬁce hours.

SA Programming Director. Patty Salkin said
“SA is taking partin this in order to take a
positive step in helping to educate the university
community regarding the- hazards of drinking
and driving." ' . ‘ . .

BACCHUS President. Randi Weiss asserted.

the campus center lobby Wednesday and Friday
“it's not that much to ask students to start

from l0 am. to 4 pm.
“They will be distributing materials regarding
‘L' use (of alcohol) rather than irrespon-

 

sible drinking and driving.” said BACCHUS ad-
visor. Dr. Richard Ellis.

Doron Associates of Binghamton will be
demonstrating a “before and after" driving
simulation In which students will be able to
participate.

A Call to Action. a free movie. will be shown
Tuesday and Thursday from I:IS pm. to 5:00
p.m.. and‘chnesday and Friday from l2:00
p.m.-4:00 pm. in LC l9.

At the SA table. students may sign up for the
“I'm Driving Club." A member of the club is en-
titled to tree nonalcoholic beverages at par-

 

’-‘reduce alcohol-related fatalities." He added. “it

spreading our enthusiasm and ‘to get more
motivation from them. Students have to realize
that we're doing it for them not for politicians or
the administration. We are peers helping fellow
peers.“

Student Action Committee Chair. Steve
Guwley. citing a “drinking age Position Paper."
said that. “To the best of our knowledge. a
2l-year-old drinking age has not been proven to

seems that a program which encourages drivers
to consume free. non-alcoholic beverages. and
which discourages drunk driving is obviously a
more appropriate way to deal with drinking." I]

 

 

 

 

