 

 

“If someone isn't being candid with
you, you can throw questions at them to
showthat. You'll say. ‘Well. gIve me an ex:
ample of a situation where you were overly
aggressive and it turned out poorly.‘ And
then they'll sit there and they‘ll think and
they won‘t be able to come up with
anything."

The technique he is describing is an
example of a common interviewer
strategy. known in some circles as "the
stress interview." By pinning the job can-
didate down on the finer points of his
resume. the interviewer hopes to see the
candidate perform under something
resembling pressure. Always be prepared
for an aggressive interview session.

Lady Luck probably plays a bigger
role in your future than you'd like. Most
companies don't look back In their resume
file when a new position opens up. so tim-
ing Is everything in ajob search. “You real-
ly have to be in the right place at the right
time." agrees Fleshman. "We might come
back to the office and discover we've had
our quota cut back and then two months
later it's back up again. Well. we usually
won't backtrack. so we might have by-
passed someone who would have been
the next Goodyear CEO."

“We might come across someone
who would have been good for a research
analyst position." explains another
recruiter. “but rightthen we might not have
anything available. We don't really
remember that person when something
comes up three months down the road."

“Luck is where preparation meets op-
portunity." notes Tulane's Powell. "The
student who has prepared himself. with
work experience in his field of interest. has
a better chance of being in the right place
at the right time."

Of course It is possible to Increase the
number of “right times" you have working
for you. It’s always a good idea to follow-up
your interview with a call or letter every few
weeks (or months. as Indicated). to make
sure yours is the name that's remembered
when an opening occurs.

Perhaps the most important thing you
can do to prepare for an Interview is to
prepare for an interview. Really prepare.
“Too many people come into Interviews
knowing very little about the companies
they‘re interviewing with." says a recruiter
for the Federal Reserve Bank. "There are
people who come in and I‘ll ask them. ‘Why
are you interested in working for the Fed?’
And they'll say. ‘Well. It's one of the most
important banks in the whole United
States.‘ Okay. but you're not going to be
president of It. Do your homework and
know a little bit about the company to see
where you might fit in."

Fleshman always ends his interviews
by asking candidates if they have any
questions for him. “If they say, ‘Weli. Ido
have some question that you haven't

covered.’ and then they ask me some good
questions. well then I feel that they've real-
ly prepared themselves for this Interview."

There is a tendency to put too fine a
point on the Interview process: If you're
qualified for the Job. make a good first im-
presslon, carry yourself well and with con-
fidence. and do a little bit of homework
about the company. you'll have all of the
variables In the process working in your
favor.

"The most Important thing is to be
yourself." advises Fleshman. "That
doesn't mean don't prepare. Prepare and
be yourself. lfyou don't want to take timeto
prepare, well then don't interview with that
company; you don't really want to work for
them anyhow.”

CASE IN POINT

Tom Alperln, 26. Is an executive vice
president In the Boston branch of National
Development Corporation, a Pittsburgh-
besed real estate development firm. The
Boston office. which he opened two years
ago. has lust completed Its first project, a
$10 million office building In Andover,
Massachusetts. Ground has been broken
on two other projects. and a third project—
the development of 380 acres of Franklin,
Massachusetts property into 395 residen-
tial units, a hotel. health center and 2.5
million square foot research and develop-
ment industrial facility (all at a pro/ected
cost of $200 million)—is well under way.
Several other projects are In various stages
of development.

In the summer of 1980. as a Tufts
University political science ma/or. the only
thing Alperln knew for certain was that he
did not want to go to law or business school
when he graduated the following spring.
With an Interestin urban and environmental
affairs. and city planning. Alperln
worked that summer assisting his faculty
advisor in a research pro/act documenting
the changes In Boston '3 central neighbor-
hoods between 1945-1979. He was able to
par/a y that experience into a non-paying in-
ternshlp at the Greater Boston Real Estate
Board during the first semester of his senior
year, and from that vantage point he began
his lab search in earnest.

"Bypure luck / chose the bestpossib/e
job I could have had, "Alperln remembers.
Looking back on his first job. a $16,000-a-
year position as an Investment analyst at
the Boston real estate firm of Meredith &
Grew. Alperln reflects: “I think It's Impor-
tant to find a lob where you 're comfortable
with your employer’s personal Interest In
your own career growth. You should look
for a lob that gives you some indepen-
dence. the freedom and responsibility to
learn from your own mistakes. And the last
thing you should be thinking about Is the
money you 'II be making. Salary shouldn't
be Important the first few years. "

Special Advertising Supplement

Alperln kept In professional contact
over the years with one of the firms he
turned down upon graduation; In 1983, the
National Development Corporation asked
Alperln to move to Miami to help them open
an office there. In response. Alperln drew
up a proposal to convince the firm to open a
development office In the Boston area.

“It was an ideal situation. "he says. "I
had the backing of a strong corporate
parent, and the chance to start something
new, to learn. to break off on my own, "
Alperin now oversees a full-time staff of
seven. and he holds an equity position In
the firm 's Boston office.

"An internship, " Alperin reflects, "is
the best way to break Into any field. If a
school doesn ’t offer an Internship program.
professors should be able to pro vide names
of people In particular fields who might be of
some help.

"I think what you do outside the
classroom Is more Important than anything
you do academically, People recognize
ambition and a certain amount of experi-
ence. and the kind of work you 've done, or
the experiences you‘ve had ls really more
Important than whether or not you have 5
Phi Beta Kappa key. "

9!!!!“ “Ll-IVE

 

nce you've settled on what It Is you
0 plan to do for a living. you'll have to

land on a place to live for a living.
Juneau. Alaska. Is a great place to live—It
ranks first among American cities with the
highest average number of days of
precipitation (220 per year; Syracuse, New
York. scores second with 166). first In
household income ($30,872 to runner-up
Livonia. Michigan—$30,068), first In per
capita Income ($12,435. slightly higher
than Alexandria. Virginia’s $12,177). and
last in the average number of cooling

 

 

 

 

 

degree days each year (0). Juneau Is more
than three times the size of America's se-
cond largest city (2,626 square miles ver-
sus Jacksonville. Florida's 759.7). and
you’ll find fewer people per square mile
there (7) than you will in. say. New York
(23.455).

This is all well and good If you're look-
|ng for a big. cold. wet place to live, or if
you're overly concerned about the amount
of money you earn or the number of people
you'll likely run Into over any given square
mile. Chances are. though. you're looking
for someplace a little less sprawling. a little
warmer and drier, and even a little less
lucrative. After all. what good Is all of that
per capita Income If all you have to spend it
on is ralngear?

The polntofall this Is nottodlminlsh the
many wonders a nice place llkeJuneau (we
hear it's Ioveiythere thistlme of year). butto
suggest that you can find statistics to support
any real life decision you care to make. The
US. Census Bureau orthe US. Department
of Commerce will be more than happyto bog
you down with more Information than you
could ever hope to find useful. Or. you can
look to two resources that break down
government statistics for you—The Rand
McNally Places HatedA/manac (available at
your local bookstore), or 199Amerlcan Cit/es
Compared. an annual publication that you
should be ableto flnd In yourcampus library
(or. bywrltlng Information Publications. Box
1536. Burlington. Vermont 05402).

199 American Cities Comparedwill tell
you where to find America's youngest cities:

Tallahassee, Florida (median age.

24.4)

Burlington. Vermont (24.7)

Tempe. Arizona (25.2)

Ann Arbor. Michigan (25.2)

Lubbock. Texas (25.2)
or, the cities with the most single men:

Berkeley. California (where 65.9%

of all men are unhltched)

Boston. Massachusetts (60%)

Ann Arbor. Michigan (59.9%)

Burlington. Vermont (58.2%)

Washington. 0.0. (58.2%)
or. single women:

Berkeley, California (66.1%)

Burlington. Vermont (66.1%)

Washington. DC. (63.8%)

Boston. Massachusetts (63.5%)

Albany. New York (62.4%)

The Rand McNaI/y Places Rated
Almanac ranks all of the country's 329
federally designated metropolitan areas In
terms of climate. housing. health, transpor-
tation. education. crime. recreation and the
arts. and economic outlook. The Rand
McNally Guide rates Pittsburgh. Penn-
sylvania, as the best place to live In thecoun-
try, but If the steel city doesn't quite fit your
Idea of the perfect place to settle down you‘ll
find Boston. Raleigh-Durham. San Fran-
cisco and Philadelphia rounding out the top
five.

According to the Michigan State Univer-
sity Placement Services. which recently
surveyed a cross-section of 658 employers
In the areas of business. Industry. educa-
tion, and government. the best availability of
jobs for college graduates in 1985 will be in
the southwest region of the country (Califor-
nia. New Mexico. Nevada. Arizona. etc.).
followed by the country's south central region
(Texas, Oklahoma. idaho. Kansas. Louisiana.
etc.). And what's the worst area 0’ .he country
to look foriobs'? The Michiga. state study,
reported In the annual publication Recruiting
Trends, finds the northwest region (Wash-
lngton. Oregon, Montana. Utah, Alaska. etc.)
holds the dimmest prospects forJob candl—
dates. So much forthewonders ofJuneau.

Salaries. we've found. differ only slightly
from one region of the country to another.
Big corporations—IBM. General Electric.
Exxon—will offer the same salary for entry-
levei applicants no matter which office of the
company Is handling the placement. Start-
Ing salaries will. of course. vary from one
regional company to another. although the
differences have more to do with the type of
work you do than with where you want to do
it. A good rule ofthumb: the blggerthe city.
the blggerthe paycheck; of course, the bigger
the city. the bigger also the living expenses.

Since the cost of living will vary from one
city or region ofthe countryto another. so too
will your ability to live a certain kind of life-
style on the same salary. For example. a start-
ing salary offer for $20,000 from a firm In San
Francisco will not give you the same buying
power as a $20,000 offer from an Atlanta com-
pany. You would have to earn only $16.698
in Atlanta to match the San Francisco offer
in buying power; conversely. It would take a
$23,954 offer In San Francisco to keep pace
with the $20,000 Atlanta lob.

You can drop appropriate cities Into
the formula to come up with some figures
that might be of personal Interest. To deter-
mine the Atianta equivalent of the San
Francisco offer. simply divide Atlanta's
cost of living index (104.2) by San Fran-
cisco’s (124.8). and then multiply the
resulting figure by $20.000. To assess the
San Francisco offer against the one In
Atlanta. divide the San Francisco index by

special Advertising Supplement

the Atlanta one. and multiply that figure by
$20.000.

The average cost of living index ls
100.0. and you can find specific lndlces for
your cities of Interest by checking with the
local Chambers of Commerce. A random
sampling Is offered below to get you
started:

Syracuse. New York (92.3)

Bloomington. Indiana (94.2)

Cedar Rapids. Iowa (95.7)

New Orleans. Louisiana (98.2)

Lexington, Kentucky (99.1)

Boise. Idaho (99.7)

Cleveland, Ohio (100.5)

Salt Lake City. Utah (101.5)

Fort Leuderdale. Florida (102.0)

Albuquerque. New Mexico (103.1)

Atlanta. Georgia (104.2)

Phoenix. Arizona (104.5)

Baltimore. Maryland (106.6)

Portland, Oregon (107.9)

Hartford, Connecticut (109.1)

Houston. Texas (109.2)

Denver, Colorado (109.4)

Los Angeles, California (1 13.8)

San Francisco, California (124.3)

New York. New York (140.4)

CASE IN POINT

"When I first started working In this
field I had no real idea of the kinds of [obs
that were out there, the kind of lifestyle I
was getting myself Into. "remembers Diana
Phillips, who this month completes a
summer-long stint as an assistant to the
production office coordinator on the set of
Alan Aide's upcoming Universal feature.
"Sweet Liberty. "

Phillips, 24, graduated from Yale
University In 1983 with a degree In modern
American history, and an aversion to law
school or anything resembling a teaching
career. “I thought about publishing for a
while, " she recalls, "but / decided that the
area of video and film production was a new
area of opportunity, holding the same sort
of promise the publishing field may have
held many years ago. "

By the middle of her senior year,
Phillips managed to hook up. through a

 

 

 

