 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
    
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   

M

ﬂoor. Every

has absorbed his ﬁll.

Welcome to the all-night cramming ses-
sion, which most students resort to at some
desperate point in their college careers.

The Dangers of Cramming

G1v1ng up sleep could do more harm than
idnight, and the spiral notebook
is barely half full. The rest of its
pages, scribbled with organic-
chemistry equations, litter the dorm-room
few minutes the ﬁgure
hunched over the desk tears away another
page, having memorized as much as he
can, and passes it on to his friend. And
thus the two roommates continue all night,
dropping the pages to the carpet after each

good.
varies so widely. “Some people are mark-
edly impaired by even a small decrease in
sleep time,“ says David Buchholtz, a neu-
rologist and sleep therapist at The Johns
Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, “while
others can go without sleep for a few nights
without any demonstrable loss of perform-
ance." People also have vastly different
minimum requirements: a full night's rest
can range from 4 to 10 hours. It is critical,
experts stress, for each person to know
how much sleep he needs.

Heavy use of stimulants can compound
the problem. Many students assume that

 

   
 
  

Armed with the energy of youth. they
simply ignore their bodies' cries for sleep,
trying to fend off fatigue with doses of
coffee or, occasionally, drugs. Teachers
and parents have long argued that cram-
ming does more harm than good—and the
latest research into sleep needs and pat-
terns suggests that they are right.

For some people, disruptions in the reg-
ular sleep cycle can cause temporary intel-
lectual lapses—and stimulants can set off
severe side effects. Thus, for every student
who manages to memorize the chemical
synthesis of buna-S—rubber at 5 am. and
then triumphantly ﬁnds that precise ques-
tion on his test at 9, there are more than a
few who lament the “obvious” answers
they blew on a multiple-choice exam be-
cause they “just couldn't focus,"

The outcome of all-nightcrs is unpre~

dictable because the impact of sleep loss 1

26

, to drink about 10 cups to fall into this

large quantities of coffee or a few amphet-
amines will increase alertness; they don‘t.
In fact, stimulants merely disguise—brief~
ly—a reduced capacity to grasp, retain and
retrieve information. “Caffeine does not
correct the cognitive impairment caused
by lost sleep.“ Buchholtz says. “A person
may be awake. but he'll have to deal with
an intellectual deﬁcit, and his concentra-
tion won‘t be there. He can actually have
‘microsleeps' and stare at the same word

for ﬁve minutes.“

N penalty of substance abuse. Coil‘ee
drinkers should watch out for Caf-

feine Intoxication Syndrome, an onset of

anxiety, panic, headaches and a frustrating

inability to sleep. Most people would have

when ﬁnals arrive is one that students have
been taught for years—moderation. There
will surely be times when excelling, or
perhapsjust passing, requires pushing bed-
time back, but
patterns should be made cautiously. As
Buchholtz suggests. “The key is keeping
perspective and not ever overdoing it."

or are unpredictable naps the only

condition, but some are so sensitive that it

3 student who ﬁnds himself navigators. College f, Hatﬁlv» _
{g tossing and turning for a half who have what rtvta E§t0 bECbme 4 g
E hourorsoon theeveof a test? US. Air Force fll htofftcerst' . I f".

5 He should get up and try an ItS'nOt easy. takes brains.

é ordinarily relaxing activity, And dedication. Itaining is tough.

:2 like snacking or watching Demanding.There's a lotto learn. ,

g television, until he is tired. After OfficerTrainin School, basic ‘ '

' Some people ﬁnd that making "at training takes 29 weeks. - r 
notes about what‘s worryihg navigator training about 36 weeks,
them can exorcise those con- Some specia| programs may take

cerns until the mornir;g. ' slightly leSS'Of moreitlme-
Sleeping too mac 1, authorities agree,  , * ‘ '
should not worry most people. Even after 'e’“ ‘ . But fo‘rithose Who Alm H'gh

an extended night of“rebound" sleep, the
brain arouses itself when its needs have
been fullilled. Clinically depressed people
do often retreat into slumber to avoid the
waking hours, but true clinical depression
is accompanied by other noticeable symp-
toms such as loss of appetite, decreased
self-esteem and even thoughts of suicide.

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

can hit them after only 2 to 3 cups. Speed is
far more hazardous. Overdoses can lead to
auditory hallucinations and paranoia. In
addition, according to Larry Alessi, assist-
ant professor of psychiatry at The Johns
Hopkins Medical School, “if someone uses
speed for many weeks and then stops, he
may ‘crash‘ into severe depression.”
Unless a person abuses his body
with stimulants, he should be able to snap
back fairly quickly from an all-nighter.
One full night of rest will usually pro‘
duce complete recovery from up to 48
hours ofsleep deprivation; normal, healthy
people have been known to stay awake for
as long as a week without lasting ill effects.
On the second night, there is usually an
increase in REM (rapid eye movement)
sleep, the phase in which dreaming occurs.
Normally, REM sleep is beneﬁcial, but
some people report particularly graphic
and disturbing nightmares
associated with a sudden in-

crease in REM.

I lems of students who
want to get a good
night‘s sleep before an exam
but just can't. Stress often
promotes insomnia. It may
cause the reticular activating
system, the structure in the
brain that is responsible for
alertness, to stay on too long;
this prevents sleep-inducing
mechanisms from doing their
job. What do experts advise a

hen there are the prob-

  
    
 

 

We'relooking‘floriApd‘ '1 d

     
 

 
 
  
 
      
 
    
        
      
 
 

       
         
 
     
    
 

enou '  have silver wings to
wean. nd the wings of America
to f . Wings like t e 1338's you 
see ere. And everything from '
supersonic fighters to the biggest
transport jefs in the sky. it’s a great
,way to serve your country.
‘ If you're under 27, ﬁnd out
howto qualify. There's no

r . thl'gation. Simplycall toll free

- .‘1-800423-USAF (in California
1-800-232-USAF) .or see your local

‘ ,Air Force recruiter.

r Agreatwayofllfe. 

  
       
 
     
 

 

 
 
   
    
 

in the end, the best formula to follow

 
 
 
     
 

any major changes in sleep

    

Klil’l'li Alll.()W

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MAY I‘lllS

 

 

