 

NATIONAL AFFAIRS

ELEANOR SMEAL

‘It’s Time to Get Out and Raise a Little Hell’

Eleanor Smeal. 46. won back the presi-
dency of the National Organization for
Women (N0 W) this summer with a promise
of new militancy. The (laughter of Italian
immigrants. Smeal graduated Phi Beta
Kappa front Duke and earned a master's in
political science from the University of F lor-
ida. She and her husband. Charles. have two
children. Tod. 2]. a junior at MIT. and Lori.
17, a high-school senior. She talked about
NOW's new goals, on college campuses and
elsewhere. with N uwsw ‘s chief political
correspondent, Howard ﬁneman:

: Two-thirds of voters from 18
to 24 voted for Ronald Reagan agai st Wal~
ter Mondale. who described Itin
‘y‘etninist. " What makes you think students
will respond to your message now."

SMEAL: First of all. not all students are
young. A lot of them are my contemporar-
ies. Older women students have a profound
eﬂ‘ect on the others. They're living testimo-
ny—the 01's on the domestic front. These
women have experience as to what sex dis-
crimination is all about.

Q. Yes, but students still voted for Reagan.

A. Students voted for Reagan for primari-
ly the same reasons that the rest ofthe public
did—economics. They have conservati e
attitudes on tax policies. on the role ot‘busi-
it But that doesn‘t makethem conserva-
tives on social issues—reproduction, abor-
tion. comparable worth, pay equity, ERA
—and that‘s what I‘m organizing on.

Andjnst what do you want to accom-
p 'h on compose ?

A. I want students to get active in the ﬁght
to keep abortion and birth control legal and
safe. and also to get active in the ﬁght to save
Title IX through passage ofthe Civil Rights
Restoration Act of 1985. Also. we‘re going
to start an ERA campaign on the state level.

Q. Ho w do yo n expect students to helpyou ."

A. We‘re going to have a huge march next
spring for keeping abortion safe, and they
certainly can participate in and organize in
that. We have a lot ofcoming-from-behind
to do, and we can't do itjust by making deals
with politicians. We have to show them that
they need us more than we need them. It‘s
time to get back out on the streets and raisca
little hell.

Q. The C iril Rig Restoration Act would
restore and extend Title IX antidi 'ritnina-.
(ion In ws in institutions that rccci re federal
funds. lsn ‘t it possible such f -deral compul-

‘ion isn 't needed any longer?

A. it's true that we now have sub 'tuatial

numbers of women in all the prol ional
chools. But they‘re there because thc laws 1
Nliwsw

0N CAMPle . l‘l‘liMllliR I085

changed in the ‘70s. The doors were opened
because we helped push them open. and we
push d them open with legislation and the
pos ‘ ty ofalawsuit.Therearestillpreju-
dices in our society. And l believe that
without the thrust of a mandate from the
federal government you will see a lapse.

Q. But there has been substantialprogre.

Is that a problem in organizing on campus '
not! elsewhere?

A. Our biggest problem in organizing
young people is to paint the picture as it is.
They have a picture that is more egalitarian .
than is in fact the case. Especially women in
college situations—they by and large have

no RT L—N

ENC

Smeul: Do you want those doors closed?‘

not run up against discrimination them-
selves yct. They have this strong feeling that
it won‘t hit them. They‘re not as worried as
women who have been out in the market-
place lighting for 5 or 10 years. On abortion
there is this feeling that it won‘t be made
illegal—it can 'I be. Theyjust can‘t visualize
that this could change.

Q. A ren 't you in a sense victimized byyour
own stu‘ce. —by a lack of knowledge on
campuses of the “bad old days. " by the fact
Ilia! most women in college won ‘I feel the
sting of d scriminotion until they leave?

A. We have to explain to them that the
fight is not over. In fact. we‘re midstrcam in
this ﬁght and we can go backward. We are.
in fact. going backward! la the decade from
1965 to l975 a lot oflaws were passed that
indicated the country was moving to climi~
natc discrimination. Now it's IORS. and we

can point to people actually going back-
ward:the ERA failing, abortion clinics clos-
ing. the right wing on the attack.

Q. In fact. are" ’I you being (unorganized
by the right?

A. When I go around saying, “We‘ve got
to raise a fuss,” people criticize me and say.
“Oh. those are the tactics ofthe ‘60s.“ They
don't even realize that it is right-wingers
who are using those “old-fashioned“ tactics
now—the marches and demonstrations.

Q. Are male students with you too?

y a alysls of polls and my real-life
experience is that women under 29 are the
most accepting group for our message. I
wouldn‘t say men and women are equally
with us. It is primarily a female target.

Q. Ho w do you will over college men."

A. You have to present the economic
analysis, which says that they are being
ripped off, too. Most ofthem are going to be
married. and most oftheir combined family
incomes will be affected by discrimination.

Q. What would the reaction of the Ellie
Smenl at Duke in 1960 have been to the El-
lie Smeal of today?

A. In the days when I went to school. I can
tell you I never heard the word “femin “
When I went to college at Duke, my good-
ness, ifyou didn‘t have a ring by yourjunior
year. this was a big catastrophe! Everything
revolved around the wedding ring. Those
patterns have all changed.

Q What about the notion that many pro-
] sional women in their late 20:: and their

' beneﬁciaries. in a sense. of the equal-
rights movement—are now deciding to
clinch it all and stay home and ha re kids."

A. There may be some stories in the me-
dia, but there ' ‘just not data to substantiate
this “late baby boom“ busin Our oppo-
nents are trying to encourage the notion
that women are giving up.

Q. In this battle of images. who! do you
point to that ‘s part of the .-lmcrican Way.
some positive thing that is the result of and
“fleets equal rights and reproductive rights
for women ."

A. Sally Ride is good imagery. Geraldine
Ferraro is goodimagcry They ‘ansccthal.
my God. th .' hole new door open to
them. We'll. not no ‘lli\’ ‘. Young women
have their own aspiratioi ‘ do
you really want those doors closed s ‘
women in college: why are you here? What
do you want that‘s ditl‘cl'ent'.’ Wejust have to
remind them ofthcir aspirations—and that
they are threatened now more than they
may realize.

r:
.,
.r
5.

 

