 

The sign on the door reads “Reality Ends
Here"—but in fact, the tough realities of
moviemaking are basic to the curriculum at
New York University‘s ﬁlm department. In
the editing lab, students hunker in isolated
cubicles, painstakingly cutting pieces of
celluloid. Nearby, their classmates may be
stitching costumes or building ﬁlm sets,
wheediing grants out of corporate chief-
tains or checking the bulletin boards—des-
perate for a fog machine or a production
job. "You come in thinking that right away
you‘re going to become George Lucas or
Martin Scorsese," says sophomore Chris-
tine Sncani, “and what you realize right
away is that it’s not like that at all."

Both of those directors were trained at

Hollywood is an obvious draw. Classwork
occasionally proves commercial: the ﬁrst
script Greg Widen, 26, an M.F.A. candi-
date at UCLA, wrote for his it-
ing class got him an A—and $300,000
from Twentieth Century-Fox. Screenwrit-
ing Prof. Richard Walter says that while
few ever strike so big so soon, students can
often use scripts to open studio doors. Wal-
ter also dismisses the frequent criticism
that ﬁlm-school students are unreasonably
cocky. “Huge egos are real useful," he says.
"Moviemaking is a wonderfully arrogant
notion.” At USC, well-connected alumni
often provide key introductions; distin-
guished graduates also contribute to its ex-
traordinary facilities, including a mini-stu-

FILMINGATNYU: LEARNING EACH SKILLFROMACI'INGTOCARPENTRY

ﬁlm schools—and the mere possibility that
other young moviemakers might rise that
high has given these programs new glamour.
According to the American Film Institute,
nearly 41,000 students are now enrolled in
about l,lOO college ﬁlm programs around
the country. For years Hollywood scoffed at
this hothouse approach toleaming the craft,
but the huge successes of such alumni as
Lucas (USC), Scorsese (NYU) and Francis
Coppola (UCLA) changed the picture, and
now studio executives scout fresh talent
among recent graduates. “They need us,"
boasts Eleanor Hamerow, head of NYU's
graduate program. Authorities praise many
ﬁlm departments, including those at Boston
University, MIT, Columbia (where “Ama-
deus" director Milos Forman teaches), the
University of Texas and the California Insti-
tute of the Arts. The three schools that
currently rate most of the limelight, howev-
er, are UCLA. USCand NYU.

The California universities were pioneers
in ﬁlm education. and their proximity to

dio complex of ﬁve buildings, made possible
by such donors as Lucas ($6 million) and
Steven Spielberg ($l million).

In recent years, as audiences have be-
gun to savor small, independent features,
NYU's ﬁlm program has inspired more
and more applause. Such currently ac-
claimed young directors as Susan Seidel-
man (“Desperately Seeking Susan“), Jim
Jannusch (“Stranger Than Paradise"),
Joel Coen (“Blood Simple") and Martin
Brest (“Going In Style,” “Beverly Hills
Cop") are all graduates of NYU’s Tisch
School of the Arts, which stresses the mas-
tery of all trades and the importance of
working within a budget.

Teamwork: NYU favors a hands-on ap-
proach. Both undergraduate (980) and
graduate students ( I60) stun with still pho«
tography and progress to short black-and-
white silent ﬁlms. Then they learn to add a
sound track and ﬁnally synchronized sound
and color. Students produce at least ﬁve
short ﬁlms a semester—longer ones at the

may

graduate level—while working as crew on
others’ projects. Teamwork is crucial. “A
few years ago, people emerging from ﬁlm
schools had the reputation of walking onto a
set and wanting to take over," says depart-
ment chairman Charles Milne. “We decid-
ed we had to di‘ive home that ﬁlm at its best
i” .. L -'_ J- n

Periods of study (directing, camera tech-
nologll, writing, editing, sound, etc.) alter-
nate with periods when students shoot their
own ﬁlms; in their ﬁnal year, grad students
produce a full-length thesis ﬁlm. “We don’t
say, ‘OK, if you‘re going to be a director,
then you don't need to learn to shoot or
edit‘," says Prof. George Stoney. “We even
make them act so that they have the ex-
perience of knowing what it‘s like.“ Under-
graduates are also required to take a core
curriculum of liberal-arts courses and en-
couraged to venture beyond the require-
ments. “The liberal arts are very important
in making great ﬁlmmakers,” says Milne.
“You can't be a great ﬁlmmaker unless you
have something substantive to say."

Parlays: Atypically, NYU students own
the rights to the ﬁlms they create and say
these are their most valuable credentials.
Director Seidelman, a 1976 graduate, won a
“student Oscar" from the Academy of Mo-
tion Picture Arts & Sciences for a short,
satirical ﬁlm. On the strength of that
achievement, Seidelman obtained a grant
fora longer movie. She parlayed this into an
$80,000 kitty to make “Smithereens,” a fea-
ture about punk rockers that aroused the
interest oi‘big-time producers who took her
to Orion Pictures, which just released the $5
million “Desperately Seeking Susan.”

The production process can be costly,
however. NYU’s annual tuition is $8,450,
and the expense of ﬁlming can add heavily
to the burden. Although the school pro-
vides facilities and equipment, it offers
limited ﬁlm budgets—a minimum of $600
fora graduate thesis ﬁlm, for example. Most
students try to raise additional funds them-
selves; they discover that the salesmanship
eﬁ'ort can be one of the most valuable les-
sons of all. “It gets you to go out and sit
down with a bigwig from Pepsi or Xerox,"
says sophomore Sacani. “You learn to be
able to go out ﬁghting.”

The ﬁght promises to get somewhat easi-
er in the near future. “The studios are
searching." says Seidelman. “Everybody’s
trying to ﬁgure out what’s new." Her suc-
cess, and that of other graduate ﬁlmmakers,
is starting to reverberate through the movie
business, according to NYU’s Stoney.
“They've made money for the industry," he
says, “and more and more of the people in
control are those who came out of the ﬁlm
schools." As long as their alumni continue
to star at the box oﬁice. college programs
will probably be playing ever-bigger roles.
CATHuzaN McGUlOAN with CYNTHIA i. PlGO’lT

in New York and bureau reports

 

 

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY l985

‘- .«m slaving-m... C‘M’tﬁaﬁtf.‘ . .,

 

The Newsweek On Campus
advertisers listed below would like to
tell you more about their products and
services.

To receive this free iniorrnation, circle
the advertiser number on the postage-
paid card—till in your name and full
address—and drop it in the mail.

It all the cards have been used—or lor
even faster service—please call the
Newsweek Reader Service Operator,
toll-free, at:

Expiration Date: July.19, 1985

1. Canon Wpemate 10 Personal
Wpowrlter

2. Northwestern Llle internship

3. Spanish National Tourist Ofﬁce—
Free Brochure

l

|

l

|

l

4. U.S. Air Force—Ask about I
our Oiiicer Programs. I
5. us. Army n.o.r.c. :
6. us. Navy I
l
l
I
l
|
|



NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS READER SERVICE CARD PROGRAM

FREE Special Service from Newsweek
To receive additional lrse iniormaticn irom the Newsweek advertisers listed at lelt.
simply circle the numbers below that correspond to the advertisers you d like to
know more about.
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

 

NAME luionsrrpiinu

ADDRESS
CITY

 

COLLEGE
1. What Is your major?
A. U Business 8. [ '1 Engineering 0.! 1 Liberal Arts D. i iSCIence
2. What Is your class year?
1. El 1988 2. C] 1987 (“31986 4. El 1985 5. [Ti Graduate Program
a. Are you a Newsweek subscriber?

1 [’lYes 2 [ ]No 999 Expiration Date: July 19.1985 EN“

FREE Special Service from Newsweek

To receive additional lres inlormation irom the Newsweek advertisers listed at leil,
simply circle the numbers below that correspond to the advertisers you d like to
know more about.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

 

NAME lDluasnpimlt

ADDRESS
CITY
COLLEGE
1. What is your major? V ‘
AUBusiness B.[ iEngineering C.[ iLiberai Arts D.. lScrence
2. What Is your class year? 7
1.D1988 2.131987 3D 1986 4.D1985 5. LiGraduate Program
3. Are you a Newsweek subscriber?
ll": Yes 2.[’iNo 999

 

_ NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS READER SERVICE CARD PROGRAM

FREE Special Service from Newsweek
' ' ‘ ' ' cl 1t lelt
To receive additional lrea iniormation from the Newsweek advertisers lisle c .
simply circle the numbers below that correspond to the advertisers you d like to
know more about.
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

 

trauma lilirill

NAME
ADDnEss
crrv
COLLEGE
1. What Is your malor?
AllBusnness B. {"1 Engineering 0. 'LiberaIArts D
2. What Is your class year?
ltd 1988 2.[f]1987 3.1111986 4.L11985 5.1 iGraduate Program
3. Are you a Newsweek subscriber?
liiYas 2.. No 998

 

Scrence

Expiration Data. July 18. 1885

 

