 

8 Aspects on Tuesday

 

  

Adamant about Adam Ant

he power was back. In fact, I think it
Tnever left. I had witnessed it but

once before. It was in Poughkeepsie
on his 1984 tour. And now, again, in
Albany in '65.

April Anastasi

It was the mysterious power of a
superstar. One whom is loved, adored,
chased,and seemingly never caught. It’s the
same type of power that can be seen in
tapes of Beatles’ concerts, Elvis concerts,
and even Sinatra concerts. It’s that
something that I never thought l'd see in
real life. It was that something I saw
tonight.

The scariest part was her age, She was
I2, As we talked before the concert, I
learned that her name was Marcy. She'd
written to our great adored one and he'd
sent her an autographed picture. She'd lov-
ed him for — how many years — she
couldn't remember, but professed to hav-
ing known and loved some of his early
songs.

Then the show began and things hap-
pened like l'd never seen before. We were
all excited, sure, but she was extra excited.
She really loved him ~ that much was ob-
vious as she listened in awe to stories from
the last concert of his that we had attended.
Also, I suspected that this might be her first
concert —- another important factor.

But when he came onto the

 

 

stage. . . Adam Ant himself w live, and in .

person, as they say. . .I saw that power
doing things to that little 12-year-old like
l'd never imagined. Naturally, we were all
screaming with delight at the mere sight of
him. However, she was crying. Real tears
were streaming down her face as she
screamed with the rest of us.

I saw in her the same hysteria l'd seen in
clips from concerts by those early artists.
the Beatles, Elvis, and Sinatra. It's so hard
to describe, the sight of a little seventh
grader who perceives herself so in love
with a stranger, a man more than twice her
age, that her own feelings overpower her
and cause her to faint three times before he

  

1 that got bigger
' ,f' as I did

I remember thinking
that I’d tell you

A make them too

 

 

 when you told me
I was wrong —~

   

 

 

.‘i

 

 

I remember the mistakes

so you wouldn’t have to
»  I remember howl cried

it was another mistake

finishes his first song. I'd never seen
anything like it before and hope to never
again.

Near the halfway point of the concert,
she fainted again —-— this time she was in
the second or third row, where, for so-
meone that short, it seemed impossible to
get any clean, unused air at all..This time it
was worse . . . she had to be carried furthur
back in the audience . . . it was too

stiﬂing.

1

During the last encore Adam Ant ripped
his already tom rock tour shirt into pieces.
He threw them into the audience, taking
each piece at a time and wringing the sweat

from it.

As the pieces came down, l, like almost
everyone else, tried to grab one. One piece
landed directly behind me. As I turned to
try to get it, so did everyone behind me.

 

. . . The girl cried for the entire encore,
and I just had to tum away. It just struck
me as too ridiculous to be true . . .

Q

 

 

  
       
     
        
    

l’d like, at least,
to hold your hand

  
 
  

I’ll try not to
squeeze
too

 

 
   

.\‘

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

 

The tree doesn’t speak
I thought I heard a voice

like salt tears walking down the cheek of a dying young man

     
 
    

 

 

. Pi. 

They turned slightly vicious as a few peo‘
ple caught it at once and no one would let
go. A security guard who was nearby
wound up breaking it up, even though it
took quite a while. And when it was over, I
looked at a girl who had been in the scufﬂe
but who was now next to me. She was cry-
ing, really sobbing, just because she didn’t
get a piece of his shirt.

,The girl cried for the entire encore, and I
just had to tum away. It struck me as too
ridiculous to be true.

As we left the concert, I thought about
how just being there, I had a part of Adam
Ant that would always be with me. I had
been close enough to see the color of those
eyes and to really hear the sound of his
voice and see that smile. He was, to put it
as moderately as possible, one of the~best
performers ,I’d seen. He was full of non-
stop energy, barely pausing as he danced
his way across the stage and into our
hearts.

The audience was definitely younger
than l'd expected — mostly high-school
age and younger, and I felt old. However,
when Adam Ant sang some older songs
like “Desperate But Not Serious" and
"Stand and Deliver," l reveled in being
among the few who could sing along. He
set the entire place bopping with "Strip"

and "Playboy." The most exciting part, of\

course, was to see him «perform live the
soon-tobe-hits from his new album, such
as the title track, "Vive le Rock", and
"Apollo 9."

Due to the relatively small size of the au-
dience at JB’s Theatre, Adam Ant was able
to carry on conversations with us and
evoke enthusiastic audience participation.
We sang with him, screamed for him, and
he even taught us one of the dance steps
for which he is so well known.

Next time he's in the area, if you want to
go to a show where you can really dance
and hear great music, have a terrific time
and see a performer who really gives his
all, go to see Adam Ant. I don't know if
any rock star is worth the hysteria evoked
in that young girl, but Adam Ant is really
something special. You won't regret it. El

 

 

 

 

 

a death deep deeper deepest within

a wish to die within
within a corner

within knees bent against chest
within arms wrapped around knees tight around tight
sitting on a ﬂoor colder than the old roots of a willow

grassless ground
no green

in a snowless winter

listening to music we think the tree is playing

resuscitation
resisting

no resting

sleep til tomorrow

 

,.. .,..

. Mg .m an:
I

,a (V
'-

La

1 - ‘ , ‘ "
Michael Zaretlky

“it!

November 26, 1985

 

 

 

November 26, 1985

Little nifties fro

2nd Street is one big, bright, and

bouncy cliche — and so whatl

Cliches are truths used too often.
Every once in a while they are forgotten,
and when they return — Powl It's stronger
than ever.

Ian Spelling

The production at Proctors Wednesday
evening was two and a half hours of non-
stop "haven't I heard this before” entertain-
ment. Maybe it’s been heard before, but
it’s never been staged quite like this (by the
late Gower Champion). No one will ever
accuse playwrights Michael Stewart and
Mark Bramble of making audiences think;
rather the two men took a classic little
story, dressed her brightly, gave her a
divine voice and some happy feet, then
sent her out into the world for all to see
and love.

And love it the Proctors‘ audience didl
Peggy Sawyers (Cathy Wyder), from
Allentown, PA, dreams of stardom. Reali-
ty demands that she settle for less. Dreams
beg for more. And, as this is fantasy
anyway, dreams win.

The volatile Dorothy Brock (Elizabeth
Allen) falls and breaks a leg. She blames
Peggy, who is immediately fired by Pretty
Lady’s beleagured director, Julian Marsh
(Michael Dantuono). Peggy ﬂees to the
train station while the cast discusses what
to do. They decide Peggy should replace
Dorothy.

And the chase is on. Marsh finds Peggy
and tells her she’s the new star. "OK. I'll do
itl" she finally exclaims. Following a
maniac 36 hour preparation, it's nearly
showtime when Dorothy is wheeled in.
She wishes Peggy well. Peggy's friend An-
nie comes in next. "You're not just Peggy
tonight, you’re every girl in the chorus line
who ever dreamed.” Peggy leaves her
dressing room and comes back . . . a star.

 

 

PAC unmasks Great God rwn

n attempt to perform any play by
AEugene O’Neill is a praiseworthy

task. The SUNYA Theatre Depart-
ment, under the direction of Jarka Burian,
took on the doubly difficult burden of
selecting O’Neill‘s most abstract, if not
most bizarre play, The Great God Brown.

Marie Santacroce

The play is an expressionistic drama
about artist Dion Anthony, whose extreme
sensitivity in a materialistic world makes a
neurotic alcoholic of him. Dion is con-
trasted With his rival and friend Billy

 

 

 

 

   

42nd Street is simply a great show. Pro-
ctors was a perfect setting, with its
Vaudeville-era decor and near-perfect
acoustics. The dancers wore appropriately
muted colored costumes, which facilitated
the ensemble feeling. No one stood out
visually.

Visually, vocally, and artistically, there
were no standouts; everyone was a part of
the action. The "We’re in the Money" se-
quence was as brilliant a number as has
ever been staged. In front of a New York
skyline composed of silver coins, dancers
wearing silver sequined clothes tapped
away atop wig-box size silver dollars. Dur-
ing the comic “Shadow Waltz," a man at-
tempted to dance with a huge shadow cast
by Dorothy Brock. '

The train station set for the "Lullaby of

Brown, a commonplace man destined to be
ordinary for the rest of his life. Brown
becomes obsessively jealous of Dion.
Staged at the University Performing
Arts Center, Wednesday, November 20
through Saturday, November 23, The
Great God Brown was an exciting and
most unusual play. The design staff nicely
flavored the stage with remnants of the
early 1900’s. An interesting touch was the
assortment of pictures of famous figures of
the times, which Were interchangeably
lowered and raised between acts. The most
outstanding of, all was one of O'Neill
himself glowering out at the audience from

 

   
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
  

. . . Particularly
interesting was
Dion’s mask, which
became increasingly
grotesque as he
neared his death . . .

    
 

  
 
  
    
 

Mark Walther as Dton in
Eugene O'Neill's drama. The
Great God Brown.

    
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 

 

 

 

   

 

Broadway" number was a brilliant conven-
tion. Dual staircases and a balcony tower~
ing over the stage allowed the cast to des-
cend upon Peggy to the point where she
finally agrees to save the show. The finale,
"42nd Street”, and it's reprise in which
directer Marsh solos, were terrific as well.

Allen's performance as the bitchy
Dorothy left little to be desired. Her big
dramatic moment arrived at the end as her
character is humanized by wishing Peggy
luck opening night. Wydner's Peggy grew
throughout the show, and her fine acting
was tremendously complemented by her
superior dancing and singing. Though the
role of Peggy's would-be-beau Jim Walton
lacked sufficient character development,
Bill , Lawlor’s infectious spirit and dancing
still ets him apa'i-t.

Bibi Osterwald and Cathy Susan Pyles,

center stage. The pictures were accom-
panied by some classic turn of the century
tunes such as "Sweet Adeleine." All this
along with the simple, unadorned sets fix-
ed the mood of the play.

The costumes were true to O’Neill’s
directions and were realistic recreations of
1920's garb. The masks, a symbol of the
characters’ dual personalities, were skillful-
ly and creatively crafted. Particularly in—
teresting was Dion’s mask, which became
increasingly grotesque as he neared his
death.

The actors who had the weighty respon-
sibility of making an obscure, abstract play
understandable did so beautifully. Mark
Walthers was a dynamic and touching
Dion. He skillfully wove the character's
dual personality of bitter cynic and sen-
sitive lost soul into a realistic one. Steve
Hart seemed at first constrained by his role
as Billy Brown, the nice guy who becomes
overruled by his uncontrollable jealousy of
Dion. Hart, however, came to life, com-
manding the entire stage, when his
character attempted to become the now
dead Dion.

With her insightful humor and flippant
comments, Judith Wilfore was Cybel, the
tough prostitite and tender earth-mother,
from the moment she set foot on stage.
Karen Sherman simply and sweetly por-
trayed Margaret, the wife of Dion. who
could love only his mask and not the man
beneath it. A special mention goes to Todd
Malone, Robert Rodger, and Robert Royce
who were charming as the three young
sons of Dion and Margaret. 'lheir mere
presence lightened the serious tone of the

a .

Illnder the competent direction of
Burian, the sets, costume, and acting com‘
piemcntcd a fantastic script, creating a
realistic and succesful version of T he Great
GKKIBI‘OW". fl

 

 

 

 

as playwright Maggie
chorus line friend Annie, respectively,
stole the show. Osterwald possesses the
sassy, brassy style which ruled the stage
years ago. Pyles represents the new breed
of excitement. She has a deep, gravelly
voice and exudes thorough enjoyment of
her work.

As good as 42nd Street was, one major
complaint must be noted. A bank of lights
about eight inches high around the lip of
the stage blocked the view of the dancer's
feet for a good portion of those in the or-
chestra seats. Tap is foot work; not seeing
it was a problem. Also, during the "We’re
in the Money" number the large coins
couldn’t be seen, as they were below the.
lights. All in all, though, 42nd Street lit up
Schenectady last week. CI

   

 

Steve an as Billy Brown and Karen
Sherman as Margaret.

