 

  

Sufficient
efficiency?

The New York State Legislature, with the
help of the SUNY Board of Trustees, hOpes
to cut millions of dollars from the SUNY
dormitory budget over the next few years.

Students living on-campus may be asked
to make up the difference by providing 100
percent of the funds necessary to maintain
the dorms, possibly including a percentage
of the campus security budget and part of
the University’s total power costs.

In the past, on-campus housing costs have
been subsidized by the state. While in-
dividual dorm operating expenses have
varied throughout the SUNY system, state
subsidies have homogenized costs making
dorm rates consistent and affordable,
statewide.

Now, the SUNY Board of Trustees wants
each school’s dorms to be financially “self-
sufficient.” Under this plan, students would
be expected to pay for direct operating costs
such as maintenance fees, and possibly some
indirect costs such as a percentage of the
public safety budget.

Each school has been asked to submit a
“dorm self-sufficiency formula,” to the
SUNY Trustees, explaining how room rates
would be calculated on their own campus.
Using these proposals, the Trustees will set
up some general guidelines on Wednesday.

Although the specifics of “self-
sufficiency” won’t be completely hashed
out until next year’s budget is approved, it

is already evident that this plan is going to

be costly for the students.

At SUNY Albany alone, the state present-‘
ly provides the dorms with a one million
dollar subsidy. If our University ad—
ministrators can't come up with an alternate
means of bringing in this revenue, on-
campus students could face increases as high
as $160 to make up for the state’s cut in
subsidies.

The implications for the SUNY system as
a whole are far worse. As each school
assesses its expenses and determines room
rates independently, the cost of attending
different SUNYs will probably begin to vary
significantly. A SUNY school, for example,
that paid utility fees to LILCO, one of the
higher priced power suppliers in the state,
might cost quite a bit more than the other
SUNYs. Schools in the northern part of the
state could easily become far more expensive
as heating bills are much higher there than
down state.

For the first time ever, a prospective stu-
dent might have to consider dorm rates
when selecting which SUNY school to at-
tend. For a prospective student on a tight
budget, a costly utility company could
become the deciding facotr in selecting a
school. This doesn’t say much for the high
quality, low cost, and most importantly, ac-
cessible education SUNY is supposed to
stand for.

‘Self-sufficiency' may also permit schools
to vary room rates for different dorms on
the same campus. This could result in a class
system on campus with the wealthier
students monpoiizing the ‘best' dorm, while
the lower income students live in more run
down rooms.

Self-sufficiency is not an innovative solu-
tion to a lack of funds. It's just new packag-
ing on the same old rate increase the state
turns to all too often.

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

First of two parts

homily,n.: (l) A sermon. . . .intended to edify a con-
gregation on some practical matter. (2) A tedious
moralizing lecture or admonition.

Dear R.,

I know you’ve been wondering whether you should get
more involved in some sort of social activism this year,
against apartheid, the rape of Nicaragua, nuclear arms,
or whatever-—and wondering how to convince your
parents and yourself that involvement isn’t just a costly
distraction from your real job of being a student.

So I hope you'll pardon me for offering some middle-
aged perspectives on the matter. l wish I could advertise
my homily as the gathered ripened wisdom of the Move-
ment of the Sixties. But in truth, these ideas were at most
a minority view, so at odds with customary political
rhetoric that we hardly knew how to explore them in
public, let alone how to realize them fully in practice. Yet
they still seem essential to me, and for you.

. '- Some Core Issues
'Take anti-apartheid action, for example. You don't
join the campus divestment movement just for altruistic
reasons, for the sake of those poor oppressed Black folks
half the world away. You join it for selfish reasons —. for
the sake of your own life, your own learning, your own
soul. "

For the issue is yours as much as it is theirs. It has many
layers, like an onion; it grows broader and deeper as you
peel them away towards the personal core. First comes
the husk, the issue of what happens within South Africa
itself. Next comes the issue of US. support for a tottering
racist tyranny; and next, of the university's complicity in
this, through its investment policy.

l‘m sure you'll hear these outer layers dissected
throughly at the noon rallies, but i hope the discussion
goes deeper. For beneath the particular question of
divestment, the underlying issue is about educational
governance: How are the university's decisions made, by
whom and for whom? And underlying this, for you, the
issue grows personal. What does it mean, to be a citizen,
not only of a democratic country and state, but of a com-
munity of learning? And who are you learning to be, by
what you're learning to do?

it’s here you begin, not in South Africa, but with
what's wrong at home, and with your own needs. You get
involved because you are a citizen, and you want to learn
how to be a good one.You act because your own country,
your own state. your own school, are supporting
something slightly less ugly than genocide, because the
government of each is doing it with your money and in
your name, and won’t stop until you help bring enough
pressure to bear. As a political citizen, you work for
divestment because many levers are needed, and this one
is handy and big. and maybe there's a chance of moving
it. But as a citizen of a community of learning, you work
for it for deeper reasons.

You don’t do it to stop a great public university from
betraying its humane mission, by investing in misery‘s in-
stitutiomilization. You do it because the university's sense
of mission itself dissolved before you were born, leaving
you to pursue your learning in a vast educational
machinery geared to shape you to fit the forces that shape
it. governed by the amoral fog of managers and
technocrats; and because you long for some gesture of
moral meaning, even so dry as divestment, to resonate
through the whole of it -— the machinery. the community
—— to make it feel like a proper home ground for your own
quest to make something meaningful of life.

To the institution. you're merely a student, an almost
powerless cog in the machinery. if not just raw material at
its mercies. You hardly know what else to call yourself,
for the language of citizenship in a community of learning
is us underdeveloped as the practice of educational
democracy. th still you should know that this university

 from an Old warriOr

By Michael. Rossnian

is yours, in some deep and inalienable sense, won by your
choice to shape yourself through its toils and thereby to
help make it what it is. It’s yours, and in this ‘co-
ownership and co—citizenship, you havemore rights and
responsibilities than the institution's management
recognizes, more than you graSp yet, more than you have
power or wisdom to carry out. But you try anyway,
because it’s vital to your citizenship, and [vital to your
own learning.  1

So you work for divestment because the university
should be more responsive to the needs‘of the people its
operations affect — both in South Africa, and on cam-
pus. You work not only to change investment policy, but
to change the university itself —- to extend and create
mechanisms of response, expectations of response,expec-
tations of response, a culture of responsiveness
throughout the institution and its community..For- this
case is particular but the principle is general: You have
the right to share in the decisions that affect your life.

How the financial future of your teachers is secured
may seem, to administrators, hardly to affect‘a student.
But the decision has become a major factor in the'moral
climate of your lea_rning-place,~an issue calling you to
recognize and exercise your right toparticipate; not on-
ly in this, but in whatei'rer else affects you as a.lé'arner.

For the right is simple and indivisible, and applies to all
your experience. You have the right to have a say, not on-
ly about which courses you choose to build your pro-
gram, but about which courses are offered in the first
place for you to choose among. You have the right to
have a say, not only about which teachers you seek or
shun, but about which teachers are hired, retained.
dismissed. You have the right to have a say, not only
about how you yourself cope with the process of each
class, but about the way the class itself runs; not only
about how you prepare for the test, but about how and
why you will be tested; not only about which grade to
work how hard for, but about how and why and whether
you will be graded and judged. All this, and so much
more.

“To have a say" means to participate meaningfully,
substantively, equitably, in such decisions. Of course,
you hardly have any such right, if you go by the univer-
sity’s rulebooks or common customs. Still it remains in-
alienable, potential. How much of a say you should have,
or want to have, and how -— well, these are matters for
working out in each issue, with the other people concern-
ed. You have hardly begun to learn how, we have hardly
begun. And above all, as a democratic citizen. you have
the right to a responsive institution to help you learn —- a
School, a society, that doesn‘t simply “serve” you, in a
passive sense, but actively encourages and enables you to
learn, with others, how to use and change it to meet your
needs.

Your Job As A Student

So you work for divestment —— or to retain a particular
professor. or to sever university support of military
research, or to establish a field-study course for credit --
not only for the overt goal, but to make the university a
more responsive learning-place.You do so less for the
general good than from selfish need. as a personal duty.
For this is the environment you need. essential to your
learning; this is the condition you came here to learn how
to help create, in which you can have your rightful say in
meeting needs.

This is your proper job as a student, your own vital cur-
riculum, though the catalogue doesn't list it and the
school works largely to discredit it. For the ivory tower.
the academic cloister distinct from society. dissolved ion
ago. [1

Continued on Friday

 

Mich/lei Rossmun was a leader in the I964 Free Speech
Movement. He is now a freelance writer and has written
for The Atlantic Monthly. .

 

 

 

e would! wanna-r... »: . g . V

n. -. p1 .wm 1.:- no;.,r-.w-.'1IL,.

 

 

Shabbos house

To the Editor:

There is something for every Jewish student on cam-
pus. Whether you are traditional or more liberal, Shabbat
services are held to meet your needs. In addition to liberal
Friday night services, a more traditional service is held as
well. When possible, they are followed by student-run
Shabbat dinners in a friendly setting. (Shabbos House
located on Perimeter and Fuller Roads is a short walk
from Dutch Quad.)

Continuing in the Shabbat spirit, there are weekly
Saturday lunches which follow traditional morning ser-

vices (also at Shabbos House). For those of you who have

previously attended, we'd like to see you again and would
appreciate your input to make things better. For those of
you who have not yet experienced Shabbat services here
at SUNY, we invite. you to join us and look forward to
seeing you.. 4 g
Further information is available by contacting the
Jewish Students Coalition in CC 320 or Kosher Kitchen in
the Dutch Quad cafeteria. ’
— Rhoda Spin

Upset resident

To the Editor:

I’m very upset that the dorms in this university do not
allow students in their rooms between the hours of 8 am.
- 5 p.m. if they are locked out. i feel this policy is unfair
and harsh to enforce against the students. We, as
students, paid to live in our rooms and that we have the
right to be allowed in our rooms any time we please at all
hours of the day. Residential Life has no right to control
our access to our rooms. They have the keys in each of the
quad offices for each dormitory on that quad. I can’t see
why a student can‘t get in during the above mentioned
times. There are cleaning people as well as maintainance
workers who have access to these keys. If a student puts
in a repair form to have something fixed in their room,
the maintainance workers are there in no time. I feel
another policy should be effective in handling this one.
Students should be allowed in their rooms during 8 am. -
5 p.m., but be penalized for being locked out. Have the

gases
aspects

Eulinth In 1016
Heidi J. (Ir-III. Editor In Ohio!
Dun Chang, Mlnaulng Editor

 

News Edllo

   
 
  

Allcla Glmbora. James D‘Sulllvnn

 

 

Auoolll .. Iona Walnut-In
asp-m. | Ginsberg
Auoelllo ASPIou Editar.. .................................... ..lan Spelling
"mic no... erhnnl Eek
Sport: Edilor "mu-m Sauor

 

Editorial Page. Editor ................................................................ ...Iouph Fuaco

 

John Kenn-n, Senior Editor

Contributing Editor: More Barman. Dun Bell. David L.L. Lukln, Wayne
Pooroboom Editorial Aullilnll: Karon E. Book. Rachel Brasiow. Pun Con.
way, Ken Dornblum. Belle Dumbo, BIII Jacob, Mike MacAdlm. Brand-
Suhuliar Pmlevr Editor. Pun Schualonrun stall writers: Jim Avery. Dove
Biotin. Lullc Ctr-it. Elhln Chuln. inn Clements, Andrea Cor-on. Mike Dor-
manslty. Llu Jackal. David Kuo. Stacey Kern. Mark Kobrlnaky. John Lannie.
Corey Lovllln. Caryn Mlsitc, Polar Sande. Karon Behlomy. Rick Swanson.
Mlchul Skolnlok, Angelina Wang

Margie Rounlhll. Business Murmur
Stephanie Mutual, Associate Businus Manager
Murr- Kclllli, Joell Midi-rally. Advertising Managers
Don Fill-her, Eula: Manager

 

lllllng ANN sllbar
I roll Supervisor ....................................................................... “FulloI-cuulla
P y Frank Dillborto

 

 

 

Advertising lulu: Karon Amllor. Frank cola. Cnmmy Dlvlnullo. Drew Funn,
ﬁlch Lill, Mlohlllo Pillll, Donnl thrclber Advertising Production: Gran
Bohr-mil, Eileen Chan. Jill Gentile. Juno- Hornor. Kolth Kroughio. Alyu
Marcella. Annette Muller. Sharon End. Erlo Hath Dillon lull: Lin Elchlar.
Jannllor Chantal, Rob Marlnolll ‘

Patricia nllnnoll. Production Manager
Klrllnn Grill. Eleven Flnhorly. Auoclaio Production Managers
cm“ Yum-AIIAI lnlnnlnl Dlmuno
Typllll: Lourl Balms. Tracie Purl. Pam strauber, Polio-up: Nancy
Drummer-cu Flood, E. Phillip Hoover. D. Darrol Bill, M.D.Thomplon. aonll
Volaniln DthIIoun Jim Luly

Pboloonphy principally Iuppllod by University Phoio Service. It aludeni

rou .
(“mint Photographer: Kenny Klruch UPI arm: Mlchul Aokormun, Bhlrl Albert,
Myrna Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Drollul. Chuck Glnlbora, Elm Mnurcr. Mllit
Modllvllln. Lin Blmmonl. Llnnn snarling. Erlu Splenai. Tanya Steele. Cathy
Stroud. Howard Tyalr. Mark Vulreili

llnllro oonlonil oopyrlohl 1m Albany liudlnl Prm Dorpornilon, all right-
reserved.

The Albany stud-ht Frau ll published Tuna-yr nnti FIIUIYI bliwoon
Annual and June by ihc Alblny student Press Corporation. an independent
not-ion roliloor ration.

EdliaEl-lu are :‘fililn by the Editor In Ohio! with members ol the Edilorlal
Board; policy in cabinet to review by the Editorial Board. Advortllina policy
don not noel-lully rollncl editorial policy.

Malling addm .
Albany Student Pmr, cc 329
1400 Washington Ava.
Albany, NY 1222?

(ll!) 442-WW6MOIMGZ

 

 

student pay a small fine or something to pay for his or her
mistake. To not allow the student in their room is ﬂatly
and mistakenly wrongl We should have the students on
each quad to petition this unfair policy and demand
another policy that is less harsh but effective for Residen-
tial Life. If a new policy is not considered worthwhile. I
feel sorry for the students who have to go to school in
their robe or towel! I’m sure if the directors of each quad
were locked out, they would be let in their apartments
with no problem whatsoever. It is pretty strange how the
directors don‘t pay for their apartments and how we,
students pay and can’t even be allowed in our rooms!

- — Name Withheld

More recognition

To the Editor:

I would like to know what it takes for someone to get
recognition in the ASP.

Dennis Murphy was named to the All-East Honor Roll
for two straight weeks as he had outstanding games
against both Springﬁeld and Southern Connecticut. Mur-
phy has put in four years of hard work for the Danes and
deserves credit for this achievement.

Still, in the ASP, all you read was Denis Murphy, who
had a solid game, stripped the ball. . . I really think that
his game must have been more than solid if the selectors
of the All-East Honor Roll picked him out of a countless
number of players.

Please, try to make sure this never happens again. It
wouldn’t take too much. Maybe a phone call once a week
to Coach Ford or Vinny Reda. Just a ten-word conversa-
tion, “Hello, Coach Ford did anyone get any honors this
week?" or if it is Reda, “Is there anything noteworthy
happening this week?” — That‘s only six words.

AIDS hotline

To the Editor:

Unless you spent your summer under a rock it is pretty
hard not to have heard that'Rock Hudson had AIDS. For
millions of Americans his death caused AIDS to become a
reality. The reality that no one is safe from this disease
that knows no social or economic barriers. While the ma-
jority of the victims of AIDS are gay men, the path of the
disease in other third world nations and the trend that has
already started now in this county is that this disease is
spreading to the heterosexual and women communities.

The time to stop this disease is now! Of course we are
not all pre-med majors who are going to search for a cure
but, we all can help in many ways. Located on 332 Hud-

son Avenue is the AIDS council of Northeastern New
York. The council needs volunteers for many tasks. You

can volunteer to be a buddy to an AIDS victim through
their Buddy Program. If talking on the phone is more
your style there is a need for people to staff the AIDS
hotline. Monday night of October 28th and November
4th there will be a training session for the hotline. if you
feel you want to help the council out but feel the hotline
and Buddy program are too intense or time consuming
the council always needs help with fund raising mailings
and the like.

If you would like more information about the buddy
program, hotline or Tuesday nights you can call the coun-
cil at 434-4686. If you have any questions about AIDS
you can call the hotline at 445-AIDS or get in contact with
SUNYA's Gay and Lesbian Alliance at 442-5672 in CC
333. Only united can we suceed in stopping AIDS.

- Joseph Leonard
Co-Chair GALA

Disputes letter

To the Editor:

I found Claudia Myer’s ariticle in the October 15 issue
of the ASP interesting. She made some valid points about
homosexuality. She did neglect one point, however, ex-
clusive homosexuality is not biologicaly normal. If it
wasn’t for heterosexuals, homosexuality could not exist.

There are two theories of the basis for homosexuality.
One is that it is a choice. I say that if you made the choice,
you should be willing to accept that others do not accept
your non-conformity. Everyone should realize this. Is
there a Punk and Hardcore Aliance?

The other theory is that people are born homosexual.
That still doesn’t make it normal. People are born with
cerebral palsy or hydrocephaly every day. The person
may be fine, but one would certainly hesitate to call this a
normal condition. Think of it as a birth defect.

Ms. Myer also made a point of stating that no birth
control measures are needed for homosexual sex. She
might try to ignore it. but many health authorities have
recommended that male homosexuals use condoms in the
prevention of disease. Her statement also sidesteps the
evolutionary considerations built into heterosexual love.
Sex was created to produce more viable offspring. This
doesn‘t mean that I want a child every time i want sex,
but it doesn't mean that l “greek my girlfriend” every
time I don’t want a kid either.

— Akbar Anwari

 

The ASP is accepting applications for
editorial pages editor

The job takes 15 hours per week, requires campus and
national political awareness, and is a paid position. Submit
application and writing sample (a term paper is fine) to
Managing Editor Dean Chang, in campus center 329. For
more information call us at 442-5665. ‘

 

 

.
Wm Colman l'uut Surwcu

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

