MAY 3,1985 I

An Old face returns ‘to be
Albany State’s new SID

It
1

'ALL PHOTOS BY UPS

Great Dane ya in reView: A hot Winter season

By Marc Berman
NI‘URIS “Hulk

The Albany State winter sports teams spent the chilling
Albany winter on a perpetual hot streak.

All told. the winter clubs had a combined record of
86-31. leaving the Albany Student Press editors with their
heads twirling each week as they tried to decide which
team belonged on the back page. There were many issues
.where every one of the eight teams were deserving of back
page coverage.

“It was incredible how each winter team surpassed
their pro-season goals." said Dean Chang. managing
editor of the ASP. “We definitely got our share of com-
plaints from teams wondering why they weren’t on the
back page of a certain issue."

Still. through it all. one man stood head and shoulders
above the rest. The legendary Dick Sauers. in his 30th
year as coach, became the 38th collegiate coach to win
500 games — the first one in Division iii. In the process.
Sauers carried a group of players that went an unSauers-
like l4-l2, to a 22-6 final record and an at-large NCAA
Tournament bid. He was the only choice for Division lll
coach of the year.

In the pre-season. the magic number for Sau' s' 500th
victory was “21" — a goal that seemed unattainable con-
sidering their '83-'84 performance. Bolstcred by a veteran
backcourt of Dan Crouticr and Dave Adam. and aided by
an intelligent defense characteristic of Sauers-coachcd
learns. the Danes reached their pre-scason goal.

Victory number 500 couldn't have come at a more ap-
propriate time -— the opening round of the SUNYAC
playoffs, which Albany State hosted. After the Danes
thrashed Brockport for the historic victory. Sauers was

. .. . ,

' s, “'9

paraded around University Gym. hoisted above the
shoulders of two of the luckier players. much to the ap-
proval of 3,000 adoring fans.

The Danes lost the next night in the SUNYAC finals to
Buffalo State, but Albany still received an NCAA tourna-
ment bid to the Northeast Regionals. That's where this
memorable season came to an end. on a Worcester.
Massachusett’s basketball court against WPl. The Danes’
fate was sealed when Dave Adam's last-second jumper
glanced off the rim.

The '84-’85 season basketball season couldn't be
reviewed without mention of the sudden fan support in-
itiated by the birth of fraternities. ZBT. along with other
newly-formed frats. helped make University Gym a noisy
and exciting place to watch a basketball game.

The women’s basketball squad. led by the sterling ef-
forts of Rainny L-esane. soared to a ﬁrst place finish in
the SUNYAC East with a 23-4 record.

Coach Mari Warner's team was upset in the SUNYAC
ﬁnals by Buffalo State and were surprisingly snubbed
from the NCAA tournament.

Lesane, a junior guard. became the first woman in
Albany State history to surpass the l.000-point plateau.

Lori Bayba. a transfer. surprised Warner with her all-
around talents. She led the team in rebounds. played
strong defensively and averaged close to lo points a
game.

Andy Seras. an 1984 Olympic alternate. made his
return to the already multi-talented wrestling team and
helped them post a l7-3 dual-meet record.

The four-time All-American failed to lose a regular
season match and let that momentum carry him to an
NCAA Division lll championship — the ﬁrst of his il-

'lustrlous wrestling career. in the Division l tournament.
Seras’ Olympic experience proved no help as he was
bounced out in the ﬁrst round. Senior Dave Averill. a
three-time All-American and last year’s I26-pound
NCAA champion. and Shawn Sheldon. an All-American
in his freshman season. both wrestled way below their
ability at the NCAAs. The Danes’ one-two punch failed
to earn All-American honors. , ~-

lt was a banner season for the Danes' gymnastics team
as they were ranked seventh in the post-season NCAA
Division "-1" polls.

The squad set a SUNY record for most total points in a
meet while two team members set school records: Sue
Leskowitz on the vault and Michelle Husak competing in
the floor exercise.

The Danes hosted this year's ECACs and wound up
fourth.

The Albany State football team had another sub-par
season. ﬁnishing at 5-5.

With Mike Milano sidelined for the year with a broken
fibula suffered in the opening game victory against
Ithaca. Coach Bob Ford played quarterback musical
chairs until he handed the ball over to Jeff Russell. a
freshman. it was only the second time in Dane history
that a freshman quarterbacked the club. ‘

Russell spent most of his time handing the ball off to

fullback Dave Soldini. who set a single-season rushing

record with [.116 yards.

Criticism befell Coach Ford this season because many
observers feel the Albany schedule might have been too
powerful. Besides playing powerhouse Division lll
schools such as Hot‘stra. lthaca (whose only loss 032136

D

(‘6 _

THE END of it all for a
while,‘ Friday, May 3, 985

a

 

