 

SportsFriday

  

 

  

Former Yankee. Joe
Pepitone, charged with

possession‘vof drugs, was",
released on $15,000 bail

[IncotrFUOII-Iv
.u'e-pv-urrrts

ItoonﬁonQ~Qanr
i..u.1¢‘aroaob

 

 

 

MARCH 22. 1985

See

 

page 23 ‘

 

 

 

All American Mercurio envisionsfinal season 

By Rachel Braslow
STAFF ll'Rll'Ht .

Like most track and field
athletes. Marc Mecurio isn‘t an
overttigltt success story. instead
he is a very respectable product of
hard work, motivation and self-

 

 

discipline. Tltese account for the
l983-84 Albany State Athleteof
tlte Year, captttrittg All-American
honors tlte past two track
seasons.

Tlte Burnt Hills. NY. native

o

us

Two-time All-American Marc Mercurio has excelled in the

was primarily a discus thrower in

    
    

higlt school. That quickly chang-
ed when Mercurio entered Albany
State. As a freshman he excelled
in the 35 pound weight throw in-
doors. Outdoors he participates
in the hammer throw (16 pounds),
which he says he enjoys most, and
throws the discus. .

Each season marks another
step up Mecurio’s ladder of suc-

'cess. This upcoming outdoor

season will include meets on
Tuesdays and Saturdays with
practice throwing at least four of
the other days during the week.
He will usually make two ottt of
these four days especially hard
throwing. Weightlifting also sup-
plements his training. if for some
unforeseen reason Mercurio
should miss a few days of practice
he says. “i feel like l‘m guilty sit-
ting at home. everyone else is
practicing. getting ahead of me.”

Unfortunately for Mercurio.
Albany doesn‘t have a coaelt
specializing in the weighttltrows.
“Mttnscy is a running oriented
coach bttt doesn’t have the
knowledge to help someone pass
the beginning stages." Mercttrio
said itt reference to Ed Munsey.
head track and field coach here at
Albany State. .

Last year Assistant Football
Coach Rick Pardcy coached Mer-
curio to his first All-American ti-
tle. “Last year he was one of the
reasotts i did so well. He‘s a good
technician knowing what flaws to
look for." Mercurio added.
“Hopefully this year he'll help me
attain as tnuch or ntore. He thinks
I can. I do too, hopefully i will."

With the absence of a coach
and other team members par-
ticipating iii the hammer attd
35-pound weight throw. Mercurio

reasons. He declared, “I enjoyth
For three years l've had one
coach. before that it was just me.
i set‘ goals for myself." Goals
which for the upcoming season
include throwing 200 feet in the
hammer throw. '

Mercurio possesses a long list
of accomplishments which in-
fluence his desireto train harder.
At Burnt Hills High school (Sec-
tion 2) in his junior year, Mer~
curio placed ninth at the New
York State meet and sixth senidr
year. The latter garnished Mer-
curio with his ﬁrst All-State title.

On the college level he has won
the indoor track SUNYAC cham-
pionships the past two years in a
row. placing second the past three
years. His recent first place ﬁnish
qualified him to compete in the
NCAA Division lll indoor na-
tionals held at Bates College in
Wooster, Maine. His fifth place
35-pound weight throw of 53’ 8"
enabled him to gain his first in-
door and second consecutive All-
American title. His best throw
(54‘ 3") was dttring the- past
season.

During the outdoor season of
his junior year. Mercurio cap-
tttred the SUNYAC champion-

ship. He then traveled to Carleton ‘

College (Minnesota) and placed
fifth at the outdoor Nationals itt

'thc hammer throw with a per-

sonal best throw of 179’ 6” in the
trials. His fifth place throw gave
him his first All-American title.
it felt awesome. just a fantastic
feeling.“ Mercurio said. “Last
year outdoors the hamtncr throw
was most enjoyable in a tough
field. i threw my best during com-
petition so i was happy."
Mercttrio also qualified for the

which were held in Naperville, ll;
linois. His seventh place finish
narrowly missed an All-Americati»
title as the top six earn the
prestigous honor.

Mercurio ltas also competed in
the New York Empire State
Games several times. He went in
1979 and in '1980 won the discus
in the scholastic division. He plac~
ed third last summer in the meals
open hammer throw. .

The R.P.l. invitational was-the
setting for Mercurio's personal
best throw this year of 54’ 3",
"All in all my indoor season was
not very enjoyable. i didn’t attain
the goals i set for myself." said
Mercurio. “1 just didn't have
enough time to practice. I was on-

ly allowed the gym twice a week .

for two hours.”

Throwing is really an all-year
round sport to practice. Thus‘
Mercurio throws on his backyard
patio during the summer. He lifts
weights five times a week follow-
irtg a training routine. He also
bikes and waterskis for enjoy-
ntent. During the winter he likes
to ski. V

Aside from schoolwork, prac-
tice and going out with friends
Mercurio finds time to work
18-20 hours at Campus Sporting
Goods in Colonic Center.

The geology major is presently
waiting to ltear from graduate
schools. Future plans include a

masters degree in geology and a .

job at a large oil company. He
also plans to throw occassionally
after graduation and compete in
the Empire State Games‘onc'e a
year.

As for the upcoming track and
field seasott‘ Mercurio says, “I'd
like to qualify for the discus in na-.

   

cots   *

Sprlnglng Into Friday. March 22. 1985

 

 

35-pound weight throw durlng the indoor season.

A look at the ‘85 major league baseball season

By Jeff Mallaber

It‘s always ttice to see the first signs of a new spring.
Salary battles. strike threats. drttg rumors  it makes a
trttc baseball fan a little misty cycd.

Major League baseball. “his. is warming up itt Florida
attd Arizona. and what a year this promises to be. (‘ubs
fans. t\lcts fans. Tiger fans. even Twins attd lllucjays fans
are all so excited. The old powers are facing some ques-
tiott marks and the perennial losers are .
full of hope. l‘ve been doing sotnc 
thinking about the upcoming season.
attd l‘ve come up with some ideas. and 
of course some predictions. C I

First of all. yott Mets fans had better 0 
just get a grip on yourselves. I love the Mets. but tltcre are
too many it's to get excited at this stage of tire game. It
(iooden is still (ireatcn. it' Gary Carter isn't a jerk like his
former lispos teammates say. if Daryl Strawberry cart
remember that yott only get three strikes. if Sid lv'crnaudcz.
cart keep front eating himself ittto Tidewater. if (icorgc
l‘ostcr cart earn just five perccttt of his salary. attd if
Davey .lohnsou cart keep the New York press frottt
devouring his youngsters during the first tcum slump.
tltett the Mets have a chance.

You Yankees fans can save yourself the trouble of
ordering World Series tickets for now. Yeah. I kttow. the
batting littcttp is awesome. bttt all is ttot well lit
Yankceland. Don Mattingly, last year‘s batting champ. is
not a happy tttatt. George screwed him in the salary talks
and everybody knows it. He may play harder and hch a
great year. but he may start pressing to make Steinbrcn-
ttcr look bad and end up having it lousy year. Look for
Don to be wearing another uniform come Wilts. llesidc
that. Dave Winfield has a problem with his collttr becom-
ing too tight dttrittg close pennant races. Add to that the

 

strives for excellence for personal ,_Nationals his sophomore year 22>

fact that Dave Rigltetti is still iii the bullpen and Billy
Martin rttincd Ron Guidry‘s arm. On top of it all. George
will once ttgttin play musical managers and confuse his
tcatn. He promised Yogi would finish out the year which
tttcatts. of course. that Yogi ltas one foot out the door.
and another on a banana peel. Sorry bombers. ttot this
year. '

I think the entire American League West should be settt
down to the minors itt l985. That division is just plain
horrible. Let‘s get up a petition to trade the Tigers for tire
White Sox. The Al. East picture would clear up a lot arid
the Tigers would routp itt the West. Might tttake a helluva
playoff.

The Padres will ltave a better record than my Dodgers
in ‘85 bttt the team that scares me most is the new Braves.
Homer is healthy and Sutter may be God. I do have sotue
questions about the Braves. though. that might determine
if they cart take San Diego. Can llorner drink enough
milk to keep his fragile wrist ilt one piece? Can they keep
(‘Iattdcll Washington frottt sttorting up tltc rightficld foul
line? Can they keep l’ascual Perez. frottt selling
Washington the riglttl'icltl fottl line to snort up? (.‘an tltcy
afford to btty Perct a tllllp so he can make it to the
gtuttcs‘.’ Will Ted Turner have Pctcr Ucbcrroth killed for
his stance on TV superstations? For the answers to these
and other questions. tune itt tomorrow. Same llrave time.
Saute “flch channel.

My Dodgers aren‘t looking very healthy either. Steve
Howe is rehabilitated  again. Anyone who trusts that.
please get in touch with me. I have some DeLorctm stock
I need to sell. Alejandro Pena tore his shoulder up. in
Arizona. That‘s not exactly great news. Fernando keeps
getting beat 1-0 or 2-l. Wltctt will tltcy produce some runs
for hint? Steve Sax will cuntintte to struggle with the
throw frottt second to first. If he has another poor offen-

sive year. look for Stevie in the Pacific Coast League.
Pedro Guerrero will have a great year and be overlooked
for MVP because the Dodgers will be also fans. Maybe
I986 Mr. Lasorda. 22>

 

AP ’
Dwtght Gooden urged Manet olteu durtng Metlnetttdl-
w t . to.

ble rookie year the Me

 

 

 Tunnel Vision,
"if.  Missing persons

 

my _ _. r  4—K v r

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

