 

. I

Worldwide i;

Priest’s killers jailed.

Torun, Poland
(AP) A panel of judges Thurs convicted
four secret police officers in'connection

with the murder ’of a pro-Solidarity

Roman Catholic priest and sentenced them
-to prisonterms of 14 to 25 years.

The five judges rejected the prosecu-
tion’s demand for the death penalty
against Capt. Grzcgorz Piotrowski, accus-
ed of being the ringleader in the kidnap-
murder of the Rev. Jerzy Popieluszko.

Piotrowski, 33, was sentenced to 25.
years in prison, the most severe sentence in .

Poland next to death.

Piotrowski's superior, Col. Adam
Pietruszka, 47, was found guilty of aiding
and abetting the killing last October and
given a 25-year sentence. Lt. Leszek
Pekala, 32, was séntnced to 15 years in
prison and Lt. Waldemar Chmielewski,
29. was given 14 years in prison for par-
ticipation in the murder.

ANZUS declared solld

Washington, D.C.-
(AP) President Reagan met with
Australian Prime Minister Robert Hawke
Thursday and pronounced the ANZUS
alliance “very sound and very solid"
despite Australia’s refusal to help the
United States monitor MX missile tests.
“The only thing that has happened to
disturb that is the New Zealand position

2 ALBANY STUDENT mass Ci FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1985

lot a' U.S. destroyer make a port call‘

 

on our vessels," Reagan said, referring to

 

 

 
 

 

 

the New Zealand government’s refusal to!

despiteits obligations as a member ofthe.
Australia-New Zealand-United States'
alliance. . 3

"Other than that, I think our alliance is
very sound and very solid,” the President
said. . I

He said he was not concerned about,
Australia's position on the MX missilef
tests. which led the United States to any
nounce on Wednesday that it would pro-
ceed with the tests without Australian
help.

Channel link studied

London, England
(AP) A joint Anglo-French group is study- _
ing the feasibility of a tunnel or bridge, or
both, across the English Channel to “link
Britain and France.
The group is to.issue a report by early
March, which, if favorable, will give rival
planners six months to submit proposals.

Britain's Prime Minister Margaret That-
cher and President Francois Mitterrand of
France could give the go-ahead by early
next year. By the end of the century. peo-
ple could be driving cars across the channel
on a 30-mile bridge-tunnel or going under- '
it on a four hour train ride from Waterloo
Station in London to Gare du Nord in
Paris.

Although the two governments are ta1k~
ing seriously about the project for the first
time in a decade, doubts persist. given the
tunnel’s checkered history, the uncertain
economic future and traditional British-

 

French animosities.

 

Alcohol ads'oppoeed; ,

Washington, D.C.‘
(AP) Opponents of wine and beer com-

mercials say the advertisements should be'

banned from the airwaves because-they

“glamorize alcohol") and contribute to its '

abuse, especially among young people.
The proposed ban was discussed today

at a Senate subcommittee hearing at which

spokesmen for brewers, wineries, adver-

A.tisers and broadcasters asked lawmakers

not to meddle with the commercials.
They said public service  ‘
and programs sponsored by industry
groups are more effective ways to warn
young people about alcohol abuse.
The conflicting views were presented in
prepared testimony to the Senate Labor

and Human Resources subcommittee on _

alcoholism, headed by Republican Paula
Hawkins of Florida. No legislation on the
subject has been introduced this year in
either house.

US hunts Nazi doctor

Washington, DC.
(AP) Following a mock trial by Auschwitz
survivors to dramatize the torture inflicted
by Dr. Josef Mengele. the Justice Depart-
ment is launching a search for the most
notorious Nazi war criminal still at large.
‘ Calling Mengele “one of the world's
most vicious criminals," Attorney General
William French Smith said the investiga-
tion falls within the Department's

 

 

LUCKEV UPS

THAT'S THE SPIRIT — Members of Zete Bets Tau lreterhit ere Iennin to teed the cheeri for th 0 D
night's s p.m. basketball game against Oneonte In the ﬂu verelgy Gym.o ' “o o m“ an” " smurday

  
       
 
  
  
 
  

    

"the United State's.»  .
 Smith’s ‘announceme
‘ca‘mfe’ : shortly after. iHol

known as Ausehwitz, conclude
trial in Jerusalem with a declar
Mengeie's freedom, “brings gsh~
dishonor upon the free~wotld;{' t. "

“The Israeli’s are intensely-interes n
this subject matter,“ .Smith,said.‘~‘fl:cdn’t ’
exactly say they urged it, but [knowthey
will welcome it.” V' '. 

     

Statewide.

 

MTA fares may rise-
r - I New York City
(AP) The cost ofl riding subways. trains
and buses would be forced to rise 15 to.20
cents a trip if spending'cuts'cailedfor'
under Presidet Reagan's projected budget
are approved by Congress, MTA officials
said. A
The ﬁgures released by'the administra-
tion have the MTA losing 68 percent of its
total of about $580 million in federal funds
- about $394 million - including $108
million loss in operating assistance and a,
$285 million loss in capital improvement
funds. _ .

The loss of operating funds would re-
quire fare increases or service reductions.
the MTA.officials said. To maintain ser-
vice at current levels, the agency'said, fares
would have to go up by six cents to seven
cents on Transit Authority subways and
buses, and five percent to six percent on
commuter railroads. I, j .

MTA Chairman Robert Kiley sent let-

 

sit system. and planned .to meet withpt‘he _
senators in Washington Thursday.

Budget overruns levy"-

New York City
(AP) The publicity about cost overruns oh
highly'visible city construction products
creates the perception of massive dverruns
when six out of every 10 projects are
finished within their budget, according to
a City report.

The report by the Mayor's Office of
Construction shows that of '6.000 con-
struction contracts since 1981, 58 percent
came in without overruns. ‘

At a City Hall conference Wednesday
_.with top city officials, Parks Commis-
sioner Henry Stern said part of the overrun
problem was that City Council members
and other officials want to get their pro-
jects into the budget so they put artificially
low estimates on them. . ~

Edward L. Sadowsky, chairman of the
City Council Finance Committee, said
Stern’s assertion was “ridiculous”- and

 

precise estimates were put on all projects

by the appropriate city agency.

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS \

free llstlnge

pire State Plaza on Tuesday,

Community service make-up

pllcatione are available in

Friday," February a 'argspin at

 

Peace Project will hold its first
meeting on Monday, February
11 in 00370 at 8pm.

The Department of Physics
presents William Tivol who
will speak on "Progress in Ele-
ment Analysis on a High
Voltage Electron
Microscope." The colloquium
will be on Friday, February 8 at
3pm In PH129.

SUNYA students interested in
business or computer science
can attend a Learning
Technologies Fair at the Em-

 

February 19 .and Wednesday,
February 20. For more infor-
mation call 4552211.

Middle Earth will sponsor a
series of workshops and
presentations on February 11,
12, and 13. The presentations
will feature David Rothenberg
and (Dr. Helen Fisher. For more
information call Middle Earth
at 457-7588.

Bloodmobile will be at
Brubacher Ballroom on Alum-
ni Quad on Thursday. February
21 between 12pm and 6pm.
Walk-Ins are welcome.

vwillll

v

orientation will be held on ‘

Tuesday, February 12 at
4:15pm in L02.

The Circle K Club will be
meeting on Monday, February
11 at 8pm In 88255. New
members welcomed.

Investor's Club will hold an In-
terest meeting on Wednesday,
February 13 at 7:30pm in LG 1.
For further information call
Bruce Sherman at 434-2621.

Orientation Ollleee an-
nounces student leader and
office assistant positions for
two months this summer. Ap-

a

A0129. For further information
call 457-4932.

Applications for admission in- ‘

to Phi Alpha Theta. the History
Honor Society, are due to Pro-
fessor William Reedy In ss346
by Friday, February 8. Forms
are available in 35341.

English Undergraduate Club
will hold an Interest meeting
on Monday. February 11 at
4pm in the Humanities
Lounge. HU354. All interested
students are welcome.

Militant Lebor Forum will pre-
sent “Eyewitness Report from

‘Kampuchea and Vietnam" on

the Forum's headquarters at.
352 Central Ave.. Albany. For
more information call
4343247.

MCAT Exem- wiii include a
writing sample beginning In
April 1985. The essay'wiil not
be used In admissions con-
siderations lor1986 butwlii be
for 1987. For more information
call Roz Burrlck In CUE at
457-8331.

Class 011038 will hold Its next
council meeting Sunday.
February 10 at 8pm in SA

4...“.

 

Lounge.

—--—I

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT _- _J g  n
~,~ ,The impact’o‘r 21 Committee, a group of,
studentsg'u. faculty“ _ and administrators
chesen , by Vice President of Strident ‘ Af-
fairs Frahkji’ogue to investigate’the' fate of

 

 

r

 

_ the campuspalcohol policy if {the drinking

age goes 1115, opened the floor. to a meager
crowd of ten Thursday!!!“

Center 'Assembly‘Hall at a public hearing ‘

of possible policy proposals.

. ‘ Jim Doellet‘eld, Director of Campus .

Life and chair of the committee, said‘the

publi‘dhearihg was held “in‘order to get in? . “
pm from the [community on what-to do if
the. drinking age is raised to 21." Anyone

with  interest in the campus community
was invited to make a statement.

: Student Action-chair Steve Conley-

dominated the publicapodium with, his

comments on“ what he‘called "students:

rights to 'privacy in the dorms." ..

The main‘question, said Gawiey, is “are
we in a landlord situation or a parent-child
relationship?" " .

Ross Abel ow, a delegate to the Student
Association of the State University
(SASU), said he is “strongly opposed to a
‘dry'campus' in which alcohol is not allow-
ed in dorm rodms or on campus at all.”

“Students live here (in the dorms); they
pay rent here,” said Gawiey. “People
should not be allowed to barge into their
homes."

if the drinking age is raised to 21, “the
residence staff doesn't have to turn into a
police force," said Gawiey. “1 don't think
it's right practically or morally to put them
in that situation.” V

“If we make it a dry campus and it’s
heavily enforced we will’lhave the'problem
of students going off carilpus and driving
back drunk," said Abelow. “If we allow

alcohol in suites and rooms we may curtail

that problem."

‘Abelow said he doesn't t nk‘there is all
, .. ' tits“ aunts:
,now. Problems that aris .with the’present ‘
policy “may be due' to a lack 'of _co_m- n

 

problem with'student'drin' I

munication between administrators and
students seeing eyeto eye on the rules," he
saldi‘i: - 5. ' " ,

“Students understand the rules, but
most are opposed to them," said-Abelow.
“They went to be able to let their parties
spill out intothe loungesif they have to."

Most people present at the meeting
agreed that people have to go somewhere
or do something as a social outlet.

1'

 

mt g‘rii'nrii r... t'

 (:51. ;

 

FRID'A Y} FEBR UAR. Y 8. 19é5.,.m.,,ALa41yx swarm. mass _3

 

Members 61 the Impact of 21 com'lttee

 

     

 Michelle Bustier

 

Of 5,000 on-campus students, 2,150 are over 21

Norbert ZahmI General Manager of
University Auxiliary Services (UAS) and a
committee member. said he hopes to main-
tain the Rat if the drinking age is raised to
21.

“Business has gone down 32 to 33 per-
cent since the drinking age was raised to
19." said Zahm. “Right now we get about
five percent of the drinking campus
population. 1f the drinking age goes up to
21 we will have to draw a greater percen-
tage of the drinking population."

, John Murphy. Assistant Director of
. Residential Life and a committee member,
said that of the, over 5,000 students
presently livin‘gon campus, approximately
2,150 students are‘21 or over. This makes
" " 1o ofl‘students tinder 2i to those 21
.r MM; about three and a half to two. an
apparently surprising statistic to most in
attendance. . ' '
‘ A’ big question at the hearing was
whether "students would attend non-
alcoholic events. Patty Salkin. SA Director
of Student Programming and .a committee
member said, “I think fraternities are
answering that question. The fraternities
that were just getting started were made up
primarily of freshmen and sophomores

  

os—

‘who were 18 and couldn't drink. They '

were looking for something else to do and

tended to organize their events around
University projects,” said Salkin.

Abelow said he thinks part. of the reason
fraternities have been able to attract
students to non-alcoholic social events
easier than events thrown by the quads is
“students don’t associate themselves
socially with their quads like they do with
the smaller fraternity groups."

Gawley also emphasized the promotion

of fraternities and said he hasn‘t “seen any
fraternities oriented towards beer blasting
'or drinking contests. 1 think Animal
House set them back," said Gawiey.
‘ “The committee really won’t be making
any final decision about, policy," said
Doellefeld. "but we may make some
recommendations to Frank Pogue."

_ VDﬁllefeld said the hearing held e'ar- 

1y because "it could have its'greatest im-
pact now." Depending on when any possi-
bleleglslation is passed, “we could be fac-
ed with the (policy) decision while school is
not in session. However, the Committee is
remaining open minded with respect to a
second hearing,” said Doellefeld.

"Should this legislation be stalled,
which 1 think it will be." said Gawiey,
“you’re lookingl at not having to deal with
this decision until at least spring semester
.1986." D

All you ever Wanted to know about sex. . .

. By Barbara Abrahamer

STAFF WRITER ,

University students and professionals
experiencing difficulties with issues
relating to sexuality will be able to hear ex-

' (perts address their concerns during Middle

Earth’s series of workshops and lectures
collectively titled “Sexuality Week"
February 11. 12, and 13.

This will mark the third consecutive year

'that Middle Earth; an on campus counsele

ing and crisis center. has spensored Sex-
uality Week. 'according to Dr. David

Jenkins, . Director. of Middle Earth. and

Associative Director of Residential Life.
The three day series begins on the 11th
with a speech titled “Homophobia: A Per-
sonal Perspective" to be given by David
Rothenl :rg in' the Campus Center
Assembly Hall at 7:30 p.m. An activist in
the gay and
Rothenberg was the New York City Com-
missioner of Human Rights for seven,
years.  ' ’ "
SUNYA‘s Gay and Lesbian Alliance
(GALA) and Student Association (SA) are
co-sponsorlng Rothenberg's lecture.
Jenkins noted that there is “plenty olllt
(homophobia) here at SUNYA," and that
“one thing shown thrOugh research is that
you can reduce homophobia (fear of
homosexuals) throughfeducation."

Six workshops on topics ranging from].
health care to flirting will be” held on,

February lastartlna at 9:45,. p.m..lnnhe
Campus Center. The day’s activities will

lesbian community, I

 

 

 

 

 

end with a speech on the “Evolution of '

Love'' to be delivered by Dr. Helen Fisher,
professor of Anthropology at New York
University and author of the book The Sex
Contract. 1 ’ '
' Dr. Fisher's speech will take place in the
lCamp'us'Center Ballroom at 8:00 pm;

Sexuality Week concludes on the 13th
with workshops in the Campus Center on
topics such as human sexuality from
religious perspectives and AIDS.

Tom Rose. Middle Earth's Outreach
coordinator, said that Sexuality Week will
give people “an opportunity to explore
issues Such as, relationships, health care.
and homophobia." Jenkins added that

from people experiencing difficulties.

Middle (Egrth’s 24-hour hotline f'rccieves ,
 an overwhelming proportionJof total cells .

questions. or uncertainties regarding issues

surrounding aspects of relationships and

sexuality issues. We know there is a large
amount of concern" on the issues within
the SUNYA community.

Jenkins said that a committee of
students comprised primarily of Middle
Earth staff worked in conjunction with
Val Fahey, the group's Administrative
Coordinator, in choosing workshop .
themes and speakers for the event. “Deci-
sions were based on our perceived reading
of what some of the current issues are."

‘ Rose added that' there vias a “fair
balance of perspectives" within‘the com-' ‘

mittee, leading it to choose subject matter
with ".n broad appeal." V
One of the only things changed about
this' year's Sexuality Week, raccording'to
Jenkins, was the scheduling of workshops. .
{‘In the past too many programs overlap- '

‘ ped, this led to difficult choices" having to j,

be made by participants. If two workshops
overlap this year. Jenkins. said that their
respective subject matters would be of dif-

ferent natures so as to “diminish the need ' l

to make decisions between two
programs."

Although Jenkins said he knows Sex-
uality Week will be successful. he "regrets
that SA has sponsored a speaker onrthe
Ethiopian crisis at the same time as David
Rothenberg. It's regrettable that two

.things of significant importance have end-
ed up in conflict" considering thetAboth.-.-
Ci

are being sponsored by SA."

 

, military, in his

‘ (AP) Calling for a federal spending

' Jr.. characterized Reagan's address as

budget plans,

Union address
Washington, ac.

freeze and the elimination of the threat
of nuclear war, President , Reagan
sought the support of the American
voters and Congress in his State of the
Union Address Wednesday night.

Using ‘opportunity for all Americans’
as the theme for his message, Reagan ex-
plained that “pushing down tax rates
has freed our economy to vault forward
to record growth." 1

To move toward a balanced budget
“we must. . .lighten our government's
claim on our total economy. We will not
do this by raising taxes," said Reagan.

Reagan's plan for the fiscal year 1986
budget is an overall government pro-
gram spending freeze at the current
level. “it must not be one dime higher
than fiscal year 1985,” said Reagan.

The three key points of Reagan's plan
include the "slowing" of Medicare and
Medicaid, while “the social safety net
for the elderly, needy. disabled, and
unemployed will be left intact.” he said.

Secondly, Reagan asserted that plann-
ed defense expenditures have been
reduced by nearly $100 billion over the
past four years and projected spending
has been reduced this year. “We must
inot relax our efforts to restore military
strength just as we near our goal of a
fully equipped, trained and ready pro-
fessional corps," he said.

Government subsidies must be reduc-
ed or eliminated, according to Reagan.
;As an example Reagan explained that
"‘dereguiation of the airline industry has
|led to cheaper airfares, but on Amtrak
ltaxpayers pay about $35 per passenger
every time an Amtrak train leaves the
:station."

i Federal subsidies to farmers must not
be expanded, but instead Reagan called
Ifor fundamental reforms. “We can help
the farmer best. . .by. . .keeping in-
|terest rates heading down and knocking
:down foreign trade barriers to American
‘farm exports." he said.

To elminate the threat of nuclear war,
:Reagan called for the support of the
‘American people in theilaunchingof a
Strategic Defense Initiative, “aimed at
finding a non-nuclear defense against
ballistic missiles," adding, “it is the
most hopeful possibility of the nuclear
age."

According to Reagan, his administra-
tion has been committed since 1981 to
seeking, “fair’f arms agreements that
would lower the risk of war and reduce
the size of nuclear arsenals. “Our deter-
mination to: maintain a strong defense
has influenced the Soviet Union to
return to the bargaining table," he
ﬂdd'edw .‘ .4 h I n I “.M. .
._"vE1tpectedly. Reagan came under-ch
from the opposing Democratic
contingent. , . . - _ _ ,

House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill, '

 

little more than “cleve rhetoric" from
"a kindly old man." O‘Neill charged
that “the national debt will be $3 trillion
when he (Reagan) leaves ofﬁce. triple
what it'was when the Reagan revolution
began."

“He never really mentioned the
deficit of $220 billion." New York State
'Governor Mario Cuomo said. “He
never mentioned a budget proposal that
will cut right at the heart of the middle
class in this state after budget cuts that
went right at the poor people of this
state," Cuomo said, adding that Reagan
never mentioned that 15.2 percent of the
US. population is now at the poverty
line. D

 

 

 

 

 

