 

 

 

 

I 13 Sports ALBANY‘STUDENT PRESS Cl FRIDAY, renaming “1935

Women hoopsters knOck, eff. Colonials-for nume :1i4

<19
them switching defense."

Looking at the statistics; Albany had 31
turnovers while Binghamton had 33.
Albany Head Coach Muri Warner said,
“Getting the ball out quickly to the guards
on our break is one reason why we have so
many_ turnovers. Yet our strength is our
running. although sometimes it's not
always going to be there.”

~ Lesane had the high score-of the game
with 23 points. lO-for-18 from the floor
and 3—for-3 from the free throw line. Pat-
terson 's‘cored 14 points on 55 percent
shooting from the floor and was 4-for74
from the free throw line. Bayba shot 60
percent for six points. Everyone scored for
the Danes. Debra Logan scored seven
points. Donna Hughes and Jill Silverman
added six apiece.

For Binghamton. Abbott led with'l9

points followed by Warner with 12. Their
top player, Helene Thomas was held to ten
points. Chris Barrow added seven points
while McDonough contributed four.

Warner said. “Thomas frustrated easi-
ly." Warner was pleased with her team's
20-for-27 from the foul line.

in rebounding, Albany outsnatched
Binghamton 24-i5 offensively and 22-l4
defensively. Grasso had ten rebounds for
the Danes along with her five points.
Diane Fernandes said. “We could have
boxed out more. Our playing went down
to their level and we had trouble setting up
the offense.”

The Albany team is multitalented and
doesn't fall apart when high scoring
Lesane comes out of the game.

“Rainny’s quickness helps the team. We

are a fast-breaking team on a five-man fast.
break which is a five-man effort," said
Warner. ‘

When Lesane is out Hughes, Logan and
Patterson all do fine. Warner said, “We're
very strong in the back court with our
guards. Debra does a nice job of coming
into the game and maintaining the momen-
tum both offensively and defensively.
Rainny is flashy. quick, and she’ll steal the

ball a number of times.

“Debra and Donna are doing a nice
job." continued warner. Ronnie stabilizes
everybody. Binghamton was ‘a nice game
defensively for her.‘ Her outside shooting
has not been as‘good as in the past. She's
really a leader on the court. She shot 55
percent in the Binghamton game, which is
good." i

The Danes face Utica Tech on Saturday
at 6:00 pm. on 'the road. . Cl

Wrestlers still undefeated

«Back Page ‘
commented Sheldon. "Averill and l have
to win our matches in order for us to win,
as does Seras'. i think i can beat my guy; i
met him already this season and over-
powered him. even though he was on his
own turf and he had all the breaks."

' e invitation just said black ie.

hanks to your friends,

 

you a wore a it pants.

." ,‘

 

', : ,Lwebru.r’ to god fiends.

_ Liiwcnbriiu.

 

of beer?

. -' '

,V When none other than the Dean invites you to
a black tie rccoption. what do you do? Start borrow-

ing: a jacket here (40 regular), a pair of pants there,
and before you know it, you're looking pretty sharp.
. , And when your formal party is v.

over. there's another one you should ‘ "
arrange. Making sure that each
contributor to 'your wardrobe gets
what he dcset‘Ves in the form of a

After all, isn't any friend
worth a cummerbund. worth
one of the world's hncst bottles

   

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 

But this time the Danes will be on their ,

home ground, something that has DeMeo
excited.

“This will be the big test. and we’re
looking forum-d to it. We match up well
against Ithaca. l anticipate alot of close
matches. ' El

JV Danes
conﬁnue
to slide

By Michael Skolnlck
STAFF WRITER *
Basketball, like most other
sports. is a game of streaks.
Unfortunately for the junior
varsity basketball team they have
lost five out of their last six; their
latest losses coming at the hands
of Hudson Valley Community
College and Cortland.' '
Wednesday's game against
Cortland was another close affair
with the Danes coming up1 short
again. Cortland had a twolpoint
lead at halftime and was able to
build a six-point lead with two
minutes to.play. The Danes forc-
’ v ' ,ed .Cortlandiytor go- .to ,' the free
' t . throw line and were able to nar-
row thelead to two but could not
. . ,tie the game. The game could
have beena blowout if Cortland
had converted their free .throws;
‘ they were 7-2] from the line.

The team also played this game
without the services of Tony
Dickens who played for the varsi-
ty. “We missed a few layups and
made other mental mistakes
which hurt us," said guard John
Burns.

The Danes were led by Jeff Kee
and Brett Axelrod. their two big
men who scored 19 and 15 points
each. Freeze Storey also chipped
in with 9:

‘ in the Hudson Valley game, the

Vikings could do no wrong. The

Danes, on the other hand. played

an impatient game on offense and

a very lackadaislcal defense. The

Danes left Viking players 'wide

_ open to take open lS-footers

which they hit consistently. An

ll-point Viking lead at halftime

turned into a blowout of the

' "Danes as the final score read
103-79:

‘ The game against alumni

' tomorrow night has‘ been cancell-

ed so Albany's next game will be

at Union on Wednesday. El

 

Albany State looks
to shufﬂe the Cards
of Plattsburgh on
Saturday at
University Gym

‘

 

 

 

 

l

. _..w .u J-zwmwn 1‘

By Kristine Sauer‘
STAFF WRITER

The Albany State women's basketball

team's loss last weekend to St. Michaels of '

Vermont, marking their second loss of the
season, did -‘ not terminate their eleven
game winning streak. The loss was merely
an interruption.,1' ' ~ . ~l ‘

‘As the'Danes 80-57 victory on Tuesday
night against SUNYAC rival Binghamton
shows, they plan to make their entire
season one big winning streak. with as few

, interruptions as possible.

Against Binghamton, Albany's game
control‘was not decisive at first.’i~ith
Albany pulling ahead. then their op-
ponents drawing closer. This pattern
described the first quarter of the game.

Albany broke a close game open less
than two minutes into the game. With the
Danes leading, 13,-9, a 12-point Albany
spurt began with a layup by Rainny Lesane

_during which she was fouled. The basket

was good for two and Lesane added one
more from the free throw line. Kim
Kosalek scored next for the Danes off a
pass from Lesane coming from a Ronnie
Patterson steal. Lesane then made another
three-point. play to give Albany to a ten
point 2l-ll lead. This was followed by a
Lori Bayba and yet another Lesane basket
to put the Danes ahead, 25-“. '

This Albany fast-break was followed by
a Binghamton five-point surge sparked by
Kathy Abbott. With six minutes left in the
half and the score at 25-16 in favor of
Albany, the Danes went on another scor-
ing spree.

This one started by a Kosalek basket to a _

Patterson steal and outside shot. follow/ed

By Donna Altman - . - .. .‘ 2"
This past Wednesday night, the Danes

» sv'vam against their archrivals at it“ and
 n were once again victorious, 67-46:, " ‘
V r “We knew it waslan important meet, the

Swimmers were up for it. and it showed in
the pool,” commented captain Jeff Ball.

ms...

by baskets by Lesane and Nancy Grasso
ended the half with' Binghamton trailing
Albany's 38-20 lead.

‘The second half was closer with Albany
scoring 42 points and Binghamton scoring
37, but they were never able to overcome
the 18-point Dane lead of the ﬁrst half. in

.fact. the closest Binghamton drew to
Albany on the second half was within 14
points. This began with about ten minutes
left in the game. Binghamton pulled to a
~58-44 trail off of two baskets by Leslie
Warner.

in the end. any small Binghamton surges

just weren't enough. And the Danes had

' no intentions of letting up even with 20
seconds left on the clock. They played a
full 40 minutes of solid basketball to bring
their record to l4-2. ~

Abbott, who wasthe high scorer for
Binghamton with' 19 points. said, "in a
nutshell we were outcoached. We knew

they had a halfcourt trap. but we didn't do ,

anything about it."

Four year Binghamton veteran Maureen”

McDonough said, “When'ﬁse were down
in the first half we should, have pressed."
Albany had heard of Binghamton's victory
over a tough Hamiltov‘ t am and was plan-
ning on a much imp wed Binghamton
team since their last meeting. '

“Against Hamilton we played well and
he (Binghamton’s coach) coached fairly.”
said McDonough as Abbott agreed.
“We've had inconsistent coaching." Sum-
ming it up McDonough concluded, “Their

3-2 trap gave us a lot of trouble."_

Albany's Lesane said. "Our press psyches
us up. it takes us time too, to adjust to
‘ 18>

" ':."Stated'Michael Wright. “we'Were ap-

Wp‘reltensive at ﬁrst. but everything just'
' . 'and i feel that we won easier-than we’ve

:' seemed to fall into place.."_

" The'apt sWim team is filled with eg-
~, 'gressive, fast swimmers, but the Albany
State men’s team proved to be a tough

 

 

By Marc'Berman
SPORTS EDITOR

regular-season game. This weekend. the
games this season, will be lacing up their

the Watervllet Recreation Center.
Both opponents should give the Dane s
-— a school located in Plattsburgh.
"Clinton is probably the best team we}

o .“They're from an area where there is 2
right next to the Canadian border."

of former college players in their mid-twe

who were blown out in their initial season
proved a lot from lastyear.”

the ice as well. According to Essner, thei

said. , , .
Essner, S.A. President Rich Schaffer,

NCAA Division ill status.

the final ll minutes only to fall short.

 

Hockey club faces tough weekend

It has been almost two months since the Albany State hockey club played in a

Tomorrow, Albany State will be hosting Clinton Community College at the
Schenectady City Center rink in a late afternoon game starting at 4 p.m. Sunday, at 5
p.m., the club, coached by Jim Cavanaugh, will meet up‘with crosstown rival Siena at

who also serves as the team's director of operations.

.l-‘ r
Though Albany hasn't played in a regular season contest since December, 'the
players are still in game shape as they worked on their conditioning over-the break.""
When the second-semesrer started. the team organized practices twice‘a week. The
club also squeezed in a scrimmage against Ziggies' Tavern, a squad comprisedmostly.

Sunday's match-up with Slena might serve as a measure of revenge for the Danes.
Pat Valiquettc feels Sunday's game will be more evenly played."  ,- - .

“i think it's going to be very close." said Valiquette, in his third year as coach of the
five-year old Siena hockey program. “We've lost some good players and they've im-

The young Dane hockey program has been improving not only on the ice. but of f

“i think more people know now that there is a hockey team than ever before." he
working to iﬂclude the hockey club in the upcoming budget for athletic funding.
Presently, the hockey club receives only Student Association support.

That is only part of the club's goal. in the near future, plans are for the club to gain

Turning to_on-the-ice activities, the Dana's leading scorer is John Knab (6 goals. 3
assists). who centers the squad's second line in scoring potency. His winger. Mike
Cavanaugh. brother of the coach. and Essner accounted for all four goals in their last
game -— a 5-4 heartbreaker to LeMoyne. The squad fought back from a 5-1 deficit in

The teams' top scoring line consists of co-captain Rich Diem. a center, flanked'by

Danes. who have won,_five of their seven
skates twice in a span of 25 hours.

katers a formidable test, especially Clinton

ve faced so far,’_' said winger! Paul Bssner,‘

hotbed l.for hockey talent. Plattsburgh is

ntles. ’ I '

by the lndians 7:0 last March. ’Siena coach

r team recognition is growing.

and Controller Rich Oolubow have been

 

"L413 w.

 

 

A. ' I

4

“biai'abhem. . ‘

" .“The meet is always a competitive one

ever done before," said Jeff Kennedy.

No records were set on Wednesday
night, but many of the swimmers scored
some of their best times for the season.

Andrew Motola recorded his best time
of 2:l5 in the ZOO-yard Individual Medley.

“i feel like l'm getting into good shape.
l'm looking forward to doing even better
in the championships," stated Motola.
“l'm glad that my times are starting to
drop to where they should be."

Michael Wright also swam a great race
in the 200 yard backstroke. He took se-
cond with a fantastic time of 2:i3.0.

“Mike did great." teammate Jeff Ball
said.“ He got touched out in the end, but
it was his best time. He swam a fantastic
race." '

Jeff Kennedy took first in the 200 In-
dividual Medley with a time of'2:09.5. Jeff
had a good night against RPl. He also
swam the 500-yard freestyle with a solid
time of 5:09, placing him second in that
race. ' .

“He's one of our most versatile swim-
mers,” said Coach Turnuge when talking .
about Kennedy. “Whether it is a sprint.
middle distance, or distance. i know i can
rely on him." ‘ .

Jeff Ball. anotherxl‘ine swimmer. was
not too pleased with his individual times. _
but did prove to be avdei‘inlte asset to the

team in capturing second- place in the ~

lOOO-yard freestyle with a time of ll:08.-'

Rich Vanderleith, a junior, took third inH 1‘ A

that same race and reached his best time
this season. “:44. '

“The well rounded squad took second
and third in a good deal ofthe races, which
helped us capture our victory," noted cap-
tain Tom Handy. "We stuck it to them
and got the points."

Handy took first in the ZOO-yard
freestyle with a fabulous time of l:54.2,
which was his best for the season. Follow-
ing next in line was Frank Parker. a senior.
who took second in that same race.

’  Frank’s time of l:56. was a personal best.

"i feel great in the water and l'm look-

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1985. El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS sports 19

V Women cagersoverwhelmBinghamton ,‘ 80-57

\

us; SlIIMON! UPS

I Vlf'l'hetwomen hoopsters upped their record to 14-2 with a win over the Colonials.

Men swimmers cio’bber archrival RPI, 67-46

ing forward to more good times in upcom-

_ ing meets," stated Handy.

The 4004yard freestyle ‘relay was won by
Albany with an outstanding time of
382.4. The relay team was led by Michael
Wright, following Motola swimming se-
cond. Mike Feldman filling the third slot.
and Handy pulling up the rear.

Mike Koutelis, a freshman. swam a
good race Wednesday taking second in the
ZOO-yard breaststroke with his best time of
his college career of 2:25.2. When talking
to Coach Turnage, he felt that Mike's time
was impressive and a big link to Albany’s
big win.

As for the divers, they sealed the victory
against RPl. Mike Vardy took first place
in both the one and three meter competi-
tions. in the one meter. Mike Cano took
second, with Joel Pastel taking third. and
in the three meter, Pastel grabbed second,
while Mike Cano took third. it was an im-
pressive evening for these men.

“The divers provided key points for our
team. They put the finishing touches on
the meet," stated Tom Handy.

The Danes will be traveling to Cortland
this coming Saturday.

“it will be an extremely tough meet."
said Coach Turnage. “The swimmers
are real troopers and do the best job they
can. They're very dedicated that way." D

   

 

Jeii Konnod

took first in the 260 in.
dividuelMed ey. ' -

 

