 

2 ALBANKSTUDENDPRESS D TUESDAY;WOBER‘JSI'198Q

NEWS BRIEFS

  
   

The World .

I" i. .
Soviets threatened

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) - Radio stations reported a purported
threat from Moslem extremists to kill three
kidnapped Russian diplomats and
demolish the Soviet Embassy unless it is
closed within 48 hours.

Christian-controlled Voice of Lebanon
and the Moslem-run Voice of the Nation
radios said the threat was made by an
anonymous telephone caller who claimed
to speak for the Islamic Liberation
Organization.

It was not immediately possible to
authenticate the claim. ,

The Islamic Liberation Organization
claimed responsibility for the abduction of
four Soviet diplomats in Moslem-west
Beirut on September 30. The bullet~riddled
body of one, consular secretary Arkady
Katkov, was found two days later.

Poles boycott ballot

Warsaw, Poland
(AP) - The government said more than 75
percent of Poland‘s voters rejected a call
from Solidarity to boycott parliamentary
elections, but the outlawed free trade
union claimed thousands stayed away
from the polls.

Sunday‘s elections for the Sejm.
Poland's legislature. were the ﬁrst .since
Solidarity's creation in I980.

Lech Walesa. Solidarity’s former chair-
man, derided the balloting as “so-called
elections." and said his estimates indicated
more than 50 percent of the voters boycot-
ted in his home town of Gdansk.

ﬁrst. narth
Hijacker remains free

Washington, DC.
(AP) - The Reagan administration is hop-
ing Yugoslovia will arrest a Palestinian it
says was the key planner behind the
Achille Lauro hijacking, but U.S. officials
admit their request apparently will be
refused.

Mohammad Abu el Abas flew to
Belgrade. Yugoslavia. late Saturday after
he was released by Italian authorites
despite a U.S. arrest warrant sent to Rome
earlier in the day. White House spokesman
Larry Speakcs called the Italian decision
“incomprehensible.”

U.S. ofﬁcials worked Sunday to try to '

convince Yugoslavia to hold Abbas. but
admitted their efforts were likely to fail.
Yugoslavia. a non-aligned nation. sup-
ports the Palestine Liberation
Organization.

U.S. officials say Abbas masterminded
the attack on the cruise ship Achille Lauro

PREVIEW OF EVENTS .

 

in which a cripIed New York City man was
shot to death. The four terrorists responsi-
ble surrendered to Egyptian authorities
and then were arrested late Thursday after
U.S. Navy jets intercepted their plane after
it left Cairo. I ‘

Baker eyes savings
Washington. DC.

(AP) - Treasury Secretary James A. Baker '

111 says a plan to cut federal deﬁcits to
zero by I991 can work. but warns that
reductions in Pentagon spending. may be
required to reach the goal. '

"I think. given the political will to make
the hard choices. you, can reach balance
without having to raise taxes." Baker said
Sunday. “Yes. I believe it. Clearly. there
would have to be reductions in defense."

The deﬁcit reduction plan won over-
whelming approval in the Senate past week
and a House - Senate conference commit-
tee will try this week to agree on a com-
promise over differing versions of the pro-
posal. The proposal generally sets deficit

 

 

targets and ordersthe Whi.e house to cut
federal spendingif-the president success
gress don't merit. thosegoalsﬁv'en backers
of the plan‘concedeth‘c‘y're not sure it will
halt the rising tide‘of red ink. . ‘

The plan would permit "cuts in only,
about half the budget becauselt exempts
three large areas f social security. interest
-on the federal debt. and prior government
contracts. > ' ~ , ‘ 
Kodak plans appeal =

' ‘ - Rochester
(AP) . Eastman “Kodak will appeal a
federal court order‘ barring it from making
or selling instant cameras and ﬁlm ruled
infringing Polaroid Corp. patents.’the SlO
billion photography: giant said.

“We do notanticipate that the injunc-
tion will have any effect on Eastman
Kodak’s current marketing and manufac-
turing activities." the company said in a
statement released Saturday by Charles S.
Smith. Eastman Kodak‘s manager of news
services.

MARK HIDIAVILLA UPS

Dutch Cued Board and lnterGreek Couneli eo-s oneored OI mpIc-etyle games
Saturday behind Dutch Ouad I: help raise money or local char ties.

 

 

 

State aniline; AIDS

(AP) - State officialsare considering the
possibility of making it easier for drug ad-
dicts to get sterile hypodermic syringes as a
means of combating AIDS. says a state

I researcher. i *

:“We feel the idea should be seriously ex-
plored.” saidDonaid-Des Jarlais. assistant
deputy director for research in-the State
Division of Substance. Abuse Services:
“We've got to do someth‘.tg to deal with
AIDS prevention.“ ~ :

v Des Jarlais said that of the almost 4.500
AIDS cases thathave developed in New
York City since l98l. about 1.500 involve
drug abusers. He said about 300 of those
1.500 were also homosexual males. The
vast majority of AIDS cases in New York
state are in New York City. More than half
of all AIDS cases nationally have appear
in New York. '

Majority wants prayer

New York
‘(AP) - Prayer in the nation’s classrooms
should not just be allowed. it should be en-
couraged. according to a majority of
Americans surveyed in a Media General-
Associated Press Poll.

And while there is strong support for the .

consitutional separation. of religion and
government. a surprising number of
Americans; 25 preeent - believe church-
state separation is a bad idea. the nation-
wide telephone poll found.

Eighty-seven percent of the respondents
favored a moment of silence in school in
which students could pray if they wished.

If students were encouraged to pray dur-

'ing the moment of silence. 63 percent
‘ would still support it. . ~

Inmate escapes jail

. Troy
(AP) - Authorities said a manhunt was
continuing Sunday night for an escaped
murder and robbery suspect who ap-
parently used a hacksaw blade to saw
through thick iron window bars at the
Rensselaer County Jail.

Sheriff Warren McGreevy said Ronald
Sampson. 39. of Brattleboro. Vermont.
apparently had been sawing through the
bars on a second-story window a little at a
time over a period'ot‘ months. hiding the
work behind plywood which had been in-
stalled onseveral windows in place of high-
impact plastic. 3 ‘ '

Sampson was described as white. with
blue eyes andvreddish-blond hair. about
5-feet-6. I45 pounds.- he was last seen
wearing a red plaid shirt and blue jeans.

1

 

  

free listings

Can We Talk Interest meeting
will be held Thursday. Oct. 17
at 8:00 pm. In HUM 128.

The Germanic-American
Association second Interest
meeting will be held Tuesday,
Oct. 15 at 3:00 pm. In HU 354.
Class of ‘86 Council will hold a
meeting Tuesday. Oct. 15 at
9:00 pm. In the Fireside
Lounge.

The Anthropology Club will
hold a meeting Wednesday.
Oct. 16 at 4:00 pm. In 58 260.

 

Albany Review and Nadir 7:00 pm.

Literary Magazines will hold
an open reading Wednesday.
Oct. 16 at 7:00 pm. In BIO 248.
The Submission Deadline for
the tail Issue of The Albany
Review will be November 1.
Sell Detense Class will be
held Wednesday. Oct. 16 from
7:00-9:00 pm. In Campus
Center Assembly Hall.

Greenpeace Collee House will
be held Thursday. Oct. 17 at
9:00 In the Assembly Hall.

Elaine Drooz Friedman will
speak on Soviet Jewry on
Thursday. Oct. 17 in CC 320 at

Study Abroad In China In-
terest Meeting will be held
Wednesday. Oct. 16 at 4:00
p.m. In HUM 354. m”
The Albany Chapter for
Special Olympics will hold Its
first General Interest Meeting
on Oct. 15 at 7:30 pm. In LC 5.
Esther Chanowltz will speak
on “Women and Judiaem“ on
Tuesday, Oct. 15 at 7:30 pm.
In CC 373.

Career Day ‘85 will be held on
Wednesday. Oct. 16 9:30
a.m.-4:00 pm. In Campus
Center Ballroom.

Bonnie B.. Spanler will speak
on “Feminism and Science
Recent Developments" on
Tuesday. Oct. 15 In HU 354.
Bob Marley's Wailers will play
In cc Ballroom on Friday. Oct.
18 at 8:00 pm.

Casual Corner'e Fashion
Seminar will be held Tuesday,
Oct. 15 at 8:00 pm. In CC
Assembly.

Bowling Club Interest Meeting

Studente for Israel Interest
Meeting will be held Tuesday.
Oct. 16 at 9:00 “:m. In CC 320.
Prize Euny , onteet spon-
sored by Benjamin and David
Scharp is accepting ap-
plicants. Deadline for submls~
alone In Dec. 12 in CUE.

Student Aid will be the topic
of a seminar given by
economist Michael McPher-
son on Oct. 17 at 2pm. In ED

will be held on Tuesday. Oct. 335

15 at 8:00 pm. In LC 20.

The English Undergraduate
Club will meet on Tuesday at
4:30 in H0 290.

“Taking Charge of Your
Career" will be the topic of a
speech given by Susan

 

Kaplow Oct. 15 at, 7:30 pm. In
H0 354.

 

W

..._ ......_.,....-~-~.. ..., v W... ,.... ..A t 

By' Pam Conway . .
swimr mm ‘ *‘ . ' _'

‘ Students had the chance to express their
support for divestment last week. but not
allehosetodoso.-.,; . .

Student Action Committee chair Larry

. Hartman coordinated a letter-writing cam-

paign on quad cafeteria dinner lineaJast
Monday and Tuesday. which allowed
students to write to Senate Majority
Leader Warren Andersonasking for state
divestment. ~- - . z.
The majority of those who wrote Ieters
agreed with Colonial Quadvresident Sam
Rosen. who. said. “I don’t know too many
of the details but I know the'situation there
(in South Africa) is horrible. I wrote a let-
ter basically to make a statement."
Deborah Reuben. a junior from Dutch
Quad. said apartheid is “unfair to the
black majority who are persecuted and
face oppression just because of their
race." ‘ - - v 7
“Our country is supposed to represent
freedom and equality. therefore I feel it is
our duty to set an example for other coun-
tries through divestment." saidvReuben.
The majority of the students in the
cafeteria. however seemed uninterested.
and when asked if they would like to write

 

Larry Hartman

a letter in favor of state divestment. many
answered. “Didn’t we divest already?”
But those who dld'particlpate were con-
cerned about how they could help in the
ﬁght against apartheid.

Marc Musman. a freshman from Dutch
Quad said that “racial discrimination is
wrong and-I feel that divestment could

runsnmwocroasa» [52"1983 El ALWSWD‘BNDPRESS 3

 views on divestment

force the.South African government to

change its position. even if they are chang-

' ing for the wrong reason.”

I ' .Although insupportof state divestment,
. sophomore Jeanne Benecke ’from State

Quad said that she doubted her letter
w0uld be effective. “From what I hear. the
chances of the divestment bill passing in
the Senate are pretty slim,. but writing a

letter can't hurt,".said Benecke.

While all students seemed to be opposed
to apartheid. not all felt that state divest-
ment was the answer. .-

Senlor Jeff Viezel from Dutch Quad
said that he was planning to write a letter
to the Senate against state divestment
because he felt‘ the action would be” “too

‘ indirect. A company the size of IBM could

easily 'resell its stocks. Economic sanctions
would be a beter method because it has a
direct effect on the government.”

Altltough Viezel opposes divestment. he
said that he supports as letter-writing cam-
paign because. “it lets people say what
they feel and to show that they are inform-
ed. unlike a petition which people will sign
even if they don't know what they’re sign-
ing for."

Freshman Larry Glass from Dutch
Quad said'that divestment is not the right
course of action in opposing apartheid,
saying “If we divest, it will only hurt those
we are trying to help. The South African
government will take it out on the blacks
and treat them worse economically.”

Offering an alternative to divestment.
Glass said that students should “write to
Congress and their local ofﬁcials asking
them to put governmental. not economic
pressure on South Africa.”

But. senior Da.id Bucci from Colonial

Quad disagreed. “New York is like a large
corporation and can put its money into
different places. New Jersey divested and
is now investing its money wisely." he
said.

Divestment would pressure the South
African government to change their
policies by “cutting off their cash flow.
and weakening their economic base.’ said
Bucci. '

Freshman Eileen Murphy from State
Quad said that although she was unsure of
her position on the issue. “students should
get involved. Writing letters is a good thing
but knowledge of an issue is involvement
in itself.” El

SUNYA gets $860,000 for defense research

By Ken Dornbaum
EDITOIML ASSISTANT

Among the over twenty million dollars
the University receives as research awards
from various sources. almost $860,000
originated as grants from the Department
of Defense. according to Frank DiSahto.
SUNYA’s Director of the Ofﬁce ‘of
Research. -

: “None of thesetresearch contracts fro
the military is classified.” said DiSanto,
adding “we don't do any classified
research.” ~ = v .- ' .V ?

“It's a SUNYawide policy not to accept
classiﬁed research. It's that way with most
universities." said DiSanto, "Classified
research would be too difﬁcult todo at a

university since it would'bettoo‘hard to.

maintain secrecy because of the need ,of
faculty members to print." he said.

“We do the same type of research done
at schools like Siena (College) and RP]
(Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute). Most of

these monies come from Air Force and
Naval Research." said DiSanto, who add-
ed that the funds were dispersed to several
departments. mainly in'the ﬁeld of the
sciences.

The grants are unsolicited grants receiv-
ed bv faculty members. said DiSanto.
“The monies from the grants are used to
support graduate and undergraduaste
salaries. supplies and other costs con-
nected with the research." he said.

' An'offlcial at RPI refused to divulge the.

amount of monies received from the
military nor the ratio of 'such funds com-
pared to the toal amount of grant funds
received. He did comment, however. that
RPI did receive more than SUNYA.

“The grants are established under the
name of the faculty member.” said DiSan-
to. “This is the policy for each grant,“ he
added. . _

“Certain organizations. like Naval
Research. have interests similar to the Na-

 

 

STAFF WRITER

Wednesday.

By Andrea Coraon

SUNYA’s business fraternity. Delta Sigma Pi.
~’-wlll act as matchmaker Wednesday by helping to
pair students with prospective employers at Career
Day to be held in the Campus Center Ballroom

Companies to be represented include AT&T. the
Albany Medical Center. .I.C. Penny. the Ofﬁce of
State Comptroller. IBM. NBC. Sperry Univac and
the N.Y. State Department of Social Services. ac-
cording to Jane Carlos. a member of Delta Sigma
Pi and co-chair of the event.

. Carlos said that one of Delta Sigma Pl’s objec~
lives is to get as many different companies as possi-
ble in order to make the event more diverse. “We
are offering this as a service to the entire communi-

tional Science Foundatiuonﬂ' explained
DiSanto, adding that a faculty member
will send out his or her grant proposal to
various foundations. not just asingle one.

Among the professors who receive
research 'funds from the military are
William Lanford and Walter Roth. both
of the Physics Department. Neither could
.be reached for comment.

Some students. however. said they
believe the University should not accept
military grants. ‘

Claudia Meyer. a senior who is on the
steering commmittee of the Gay and Les-
bian Alliance (GALA) said. “I think the
fact that they are on campus is unknown."

“I don’t think it’s a big issue." Meyer
added. “but it Is wrong to take money
from places that don't ascribe to
humanitarian principles. ' ’

“As long as there is a policy against
discrimination on this campus based on
sexual preference. I think it would be il-

legal for the Unviersity to accept a contract
that is discriminatory against homosexual
people," said Meyer.

Stacey Young. a SUNYA graduate.
said, “I’m concerned about the increasing
ties between universities and the military
around the nation." The military-
industrial complex. she said. “has pervad-
ed all aspects of our society so thoroughly
that we become numb to the effect that it
has."

“We must keep in mind that the
military’s business revolves arund war and

" death." said Young, adding that “we need

to think critically about whether we want
to play a role in that. however innocuous
that role may appear to be.

Young is working on campus asﬂthe pro-
ject coordinator of theNew York Public
Interest Research Group. She stressed,
however. that NYPIRG does not have a
stand on the issue and her comments were
ony her own opinions. El

 Career Day may open doors

Social Services. and the. Library In Congress

represented also. Carlos said.

“I like to think the fact that companies come."
to events like Career Day. “is the way we address
our-opening letters." said Carlos.

Delta Sigma Pi stresses that Albany students are

intelligent and would be a benefit to any company.

“We receive a quality education at SUNYA.”
Carlos said.

“Getting more firms to recruit means we are
helping to get more students careers." Carlos said.
adding, “we look at ﬁrms that would interest our
students as well as ﬁrms that would be interested in
our students. " .

The Career Development Center. suggested
Carlos. can also help a student .get in touch with a
particular company. The Center has manuals which

 

ty.” she said.

“We are helping students to ﬁnd out about life
after the Unviersity." Carlos added.

Carlos said that there are many jobs ayailable
within any one company. but she is not sure what
positions firms are scouting for. For example, she
said. Albany Medical Center may be looking for
anyone from hospital administrators to lab techni-
cians to researchers. “They need someone for
everything." she remarked.

NBC Is a company which has a diverse number of
job opportunities. as well. Carlos said. Other com-
panies like Arthur Anderson maybe looking for ac-
countants as well as people with management or
marketing backgrounds. she added.

In addition to business companies. there will be
government groups like the Navy. Army. Federal
Bureau of Investigation. the State Department of

 

 

 

contain hundreds of firms. their areas of interest.
their locations and phone numbers. “Mailings are
the best way to meet them." she said.

‘ Career Development Center Assistant Director
Gwen Simmons said her ofﬁce would not be setting
up a table for Career Day beause of a scheduling
conflict.

“However. some of the counselors will go over
and greet the companies. but we won’t be operating
there on a formal basis." Simmons said.

The University does not sponsor a career day of
its owu and Simmons said she feels that a second
event Is not needed. “They should try to build that
one instead of having theirs scatttered throughout
the year." she added.

Carlos said that she was told that the Career
Development Center would have a table set up. like
they have had In the past. as a service to students. El

 

