 

The Albany
over Slona.

 

 

 

APRIL 26, I985

. , «.1.-. .. "1.. \4 JV" .np-

 

 

Jolting.loe.DeM¢o’s  _

~ ATWA wrestlers bolt to”-
'"hammer the “Moneykids”
in the Nationals '

 

 

 

pummeled by Amherst, 7-2

By Lisa Jackel
.SI'AI‘F llRlllk

The Albany State men's tennis teatu lost
to Amherst 7-2 on Tuesday. bringing tltcir
record down to 5-3. They lost five out of
six singles and two out of three doubles.

“We were surprised that they were as
good a team as they were." said Dave
Zobler. “We w erc expecting a tough

. match. but we weren‘t expecting a power
house."

Tlte only victorious singles player for the
Danes was Mike Dcrmansky. The Great
Neck native nipped Chris Jochuick at
fourth singles. 6-4. 7-6.

“Dermansky has been playing well latc-
ly." said Zobler. “He's been attacking a
lot rttore attd putting away a lot of shots at
the net."

Antherst‘s ntunbcr one singles player
John Raphling. defeated Albany‘s Dave
(.lrosstuan. 6-2. 6-4. At ntttuber two
singles. Spencer (iray beat Jay Eiscnberg.
7-5. 7-5. l-‘red Shepherd overcame
Albany‘s third singles player. Tom
Schmitz. taking it to tltrce sets. 7-5. 2-6.
6-4.

“Jay just got a little unlucky. he lost a
couple of close matches. said Zobler.
"He‘ll bounce back."

“I don't think we played poorly." said
Zobler. “It‘s rare that we get knocked out
before we get to doubles. You have to give

Albany stickmen back in control, defeat Sienai 

By Cathy Frrig
llllltmlu \\\I\I\\‘I

They've been claiming all season their
ability to play an intelligent game of
lacrosse. On Wednesday night. against
Division l Sicna. the stickmen of Albany
State finally did so.

“ln every otltcr game we've been
frustrated and tnade mistakes." said assis-
tant coach Chuck Priore. "this time out.
we frustrated them and sat back. letting
them make the mistakes."

The frustration that Siena experienced.
which resulted iii a l3-6 Dane victory. their
first since April 4. was caused by the suc-
cess of the zone defense used by the Danes.

“The defense was the key to the vic-
tory." said Dane attackman Gary Fried-
man. who collcctcd three goals in the
game. "Instead of playing man-to-man
defense. each player controlled 3 part of

a lot of credit to Amherst."

At number five singles. Jeff Hall con-
quered Mitchell (icrber. 6-3. 6-l. Albany's
sixth singles player Mark Sanders lost to
Lyle Wilpon 6-l. 6-l.

“These guys had a lot tnore money than
us." said Sanders. "A lot tnore lessons.
Amherst is a private college; that's why we
lost. I never want to play them again."

Sanders doesn't have to worry about

- that because he's graduating this May.
“The kid I played against. his parents own
the NY Mets." continued Sanders.

First doubles Schmitz attd Grossmnn
were Albany's only victorious doubles
team. defeating Jochnick and Raphling.
l0-5.

Up from third doubles. Gerber and
Sanders lost to Amherst‘s second doubles
players Gray and Wilpon. 10-4. David
Zobler and Steve Greenberg lost to
Shepherd and Hall. 10-4.

“Amherst is the best team we have
played." said Coach Bob Lewis. “they are
a strong Division III team and they just
outplayed us."

When asked if he was satisfied with the
players performances. Coach Lewis
replied. “Schmitz. Gerber and Grossman,
aren't playing up to their capabilities.
Eisenberg also is losing close matches. fail-
ing to win big points.“

22>

the field. and it really stopped their
offense."

"We had used zoning before in the
season against learns that we knew were
better than us one-on-one." said Priore.
“We used it against RlT and Cortland. but
we had to stop it when the score got out of
control.

“ You can‘t play a zone when you're
losing. The score was 0-0 tett minutes into
the Cortland game. then they went ahead.
We had to come out and try to beat them
man to man."

The temptation to do the same against
Sicna was present in the first quarter when
Sicna took an early 2-0 lead three minutes
into the game with a pair of goals by Dave
Arthur.

The zoning then became effective for the
Danes. enabling the Danes to control the
ball for the remainder of the half. At six

 

 

U
State lacrosse team llnllly got their not together In their 13-6 vlctory

to Amherst's John Raphllng, 8-2. 6-4.

minutes into.the first quarter. Friedman
scored. and 30 seconds later Dane at-
tackman Dave Cerny tied the score. Five
minutes later. Cerny scored again. giving
the Danes a lead they would not lose. Jim
McPartlin. assisted by Cerny. added
another goal 20 seconds later. to end the
quarter at 4-2, Albany.

The second quarter was total Dane
domination. Brad Rabinowitz and
McPartlin both scored twice. Friedman
and Cerny each scored once and Ccrny had
two assists. Halfway through the game.
the Danes were leading lO-2.

Third quarter action was quieter for the
Danes. as Siena's Torn O'Connor scored
twice. Twelve minutes into the quarter.
Friedman. assisted by Cerny. scored for
the Danes. giving the game an 11-4 score
going into the final quarter.

Both Siena and Albany scored twice in
the final quarter. Rabinowitz. assisted by
Gary Weisner. and Rick Trizano. assisted
by Cerny. cementing the Dane‘victory.

"The whole team was very excited with
the win." said midfielder Trizano.
"They're a very good Division I program.

Dave Groosmon. the DanI' number one nlngloa player. ollcoo o backhand. He lost

DAVI m UFO

We went into the game with a new at~
titude. to just play and have fun. There
was no pressure out there. And the attitude
in the locker room was unbelievable. we
were so psyched.”

“We play with confidence." said head '
coach ~Rick Flanders. “We got ahead and ,
had a lot of fun. We needed that. But that
was just one win. Now. we need four
more." '

The Danes' next challenge will be Satur-
day at home against Buffalo State. a team
they lost to last year in overtime. But the
team had been without Alan Cornfield.
their senior goalie who had 19 saves,
against Siena and presently leads the
stickmen in game mvp points.

“If we play as well as we did today, we
should have no problem with Buffalo.”
said Priore. “If we play as well, there's no 
question that we’ll win. If we ‘don’t, 5
there’s no question that we'll lose."

“This was the first_time the whole team
played up to their potential." said Fried-.;
man. “About Buffalo. well, i hate com
paring games. You have to just go in
positive." El

. . via-umnc—m.  .

  

 

 

Danes’ playoff hopes dim

By Krlstlne Sauer
ASSKM 1-4 H" XI’OR IS FDI’OR

By splitting a doubleheader yesterday
at llinghnmton. 'thc Albany State
baseball team retnained in second place
behind the Colonials in the SUNYAC
conference. But the playoffs are still
within reach for the Danes. I

Tltc current SUNYAC standings show
Binghamtott leading with only three
losses while Albany llilS l'our.(.‘ort|and
and Oneonta have all ready been
mathematically eliminated.

The Danes face the winless Oneonta
Red Dragons on the road Saturday in a
doubleheader. a team they swept in a

 

twin bill earlier in the week. If the Danes

 

sweep both again. which is likely. they
will have to play the game of scoreboard
watching. Binghamton will play * a "
doubleheader against host Oneonta on.
Monday. with the Danes' fate resting on
an improbable upset.

“No ifs ands or buts. we have to take
both on Saturday." said Assistant
Coach Stu Bttltcr. “By winning two
against Biughamton. we would have
taken the pressure off."

The Danes didn't pull out two vic-
tories In Binghamton yesterday. They
did win the first game. S-I. Keltlt
Zuckcrman pltcltcd the whole game
striking out twelve batters. ln the second

22>

 

Desperately Seeklng Friday. Aprll 26. I985

 

 

 

 

 
  

     
  
 
 
 
   

 

 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
    

 

.lwx

 
    
 
   
  
   
    
   
   
    
    
  
   
   
 
   
 
   
    
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 

    
   
  
 

