 

V Can you .
afford to' amble
with the LS , GMAT,
GRE,or MCAT?

30  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D TUESDA Y, OCTOBER .1. I985

Netwomen' beat

By Ethan Chazln

'The Albany State women's tennis team. which
started off the season on a roll by beating Oneonta
and Union had its winning streak halted.

The Danes ran up against a much stronger and

Plattsburgh

the Danes. coach Linda Myers is ‘especially pleas-
ed’ with the team’s performances soxfar.‘ .Said
Myers.“the girls have all worked hardtand done
very well, though there’s still a lot of hard work
ahead.” "

Probably not. Great grades alone may
not be enough to impress the grad
school of your choice.

Scores play a part. And that‘s how

» Stanley H. Kaplan can hel .

The Kaplan course teaches test-taking
techniques. reviews course subjects. and
increases the odds that you'll do the best
you can do.

mm

Stuyvesant Plaza
Albany
489-0077

Stuyvesant Plaza
Albany

'.II|lII ‘r‘ fl: «Mrtldr I-‘I’tmr I'lltilllv 

. The world‘s leading

~ testprt‘pnngunimlinn.

 

 

 

 

 

applications .
available ' '
NOW!

for the Criminal Justice
Undergraduate Program
for Spring I986.

 

 

 

Pick up applications In the
Undergraduate Program

higher ranked Middlebury team on Friday and lost Although the team was easily beaten by Mid-
930. However, the team crushed SUNY rival Platt- »dlebury, 9-0. the fact that many, of the_rnatches
sburgh on Saturday 8-1, to run the Danes' record to went the full three sets against a team that outranks
an impressive 3-1. the Danes was comforting. Ceryn Levy at third

Though this is believed to be a rebuilding year for singles lost, 4-6. 1-6. Newcomer Liz Feinber'g put in

z , I V the best performannce losing three close sets, 5-7,
‘ as, 4-6. ; , ,

1 At fourth singles Ellen Katz. wholost in 3 sets
2-6, 6-3. 2-6. had Coach Myers 'raving.“Eilen
played fantastically. really out of this world."said
Meyers. ‘_ . _ ,

The Danes came roaring back against Plattsburg.
crushing its SUNY rival, 8-1. At first singles. Geri
Chiodo won convincingly,’6—3, 6-1. It took Katz go-
ing three sets to pull out a 5-7. 6-2. 6-3 victory.‘ Lisa

'Valins also had a tough match. but'canie out on
top. winning. 64, 7-6. , '

The Danes’ only loss was Levy. who injured her
leg against Middlebury and lost 1-6, 1-6.

Albany swept in doubles play. Nina Cheung and

Nancy Forbes won yery easily. 6-1, 

    

The Danes are now looking to their next match
against Vassar on Wednesday. "The team is really
y psyched for this match.” said Valins.

Nancy Forbes agreed. stressing. “Last year we
lost to themtwhen we had several injuries. ' Now
we're healthy, and it’s going to but real challenge
for us.’

Although Myers admits that the Vassar team is
extremely strong this year, she believes the Danes'

' - ' are going to makeit a close match. An impressive
The Dana notwomen lace Vassar or:1 $522212” Win.” wedneSday 09"“ mean a “(hole ‘0! “5 ihe
Th. Mm "cord In 34' '03an '0 me mam, "n : basically young. yet strong team during a rebuilding
ed Middlebury. year. El

3-4 women boaters host LeMQYns

 

 

r‘l‘
tr‘ -1

   
 
 

' tosses vicarious r; *isiii‘tifhii’zmi; Efﬂuent ﬁrst?  ‘

Pres-biestars as menbOOter-s lose. last three

By CathyErrlg
STAFF IIRITER' , 3

Improvement is the key word
among Albany State men's soccer
team members these days. Ask
any Dane booter about the caliber: -
of the team's level of play and the
nearly unanimous response will "
be that it's getting better with
each successive, gam’e. _ .

DeSpite'th'is attitude; theresuits
of the team’s'laSt three ‘games. a
2-1 loss to LeMoyne'last Satur-’
day, a 1-1 tie withNorth Adams
Monday. and a 6-1.1_oss to Cor-
tland this past Saturday. point
out that the team's learning ex-,
perience is far from over. Having
learned how to create scoring op-
portunities for' themselVes'.; the ;
Danes must now develop ways of
cashing in on them. ‘ y _

‘ Last Saturday's 2-1 loss to'Le-
Moyne _'was a“ prime example.
“There’s no doubt about it." said
Head Coach Bob Schieffelin,
“We out shot them two to. one.
We could have. scored nine ‘
goals.” ‘

“We had a lot of chances."
said co-captain Tihan Presbie.
“and we should have won. We
couldn’t play the net." ’

LeMoyne took the lead in'the,
first half , scoring both their goals_
before halftime. The lone Dane
goal was scored by Presbie in the
second half. _ -

“We had the breaks, but we
didn’t cash in on them." said

Schieffelin.- “The referee didn't 3-0.”
control the game which didn’t

 

help either. He was biased and did

- a poor job. There were accessions

where he-should have handed out
red cards and didn’t.", - .
», Schieffelin was still _optbmistic
about several aspects. ‘
"It was our second game in on-
ly 72 hours and-,We’re certainly
getting better.?"?s'aid ‘hiéffelin.
“We've just, got, ' .
ourselves to playing

Things went better". tori-i the

 
 

‘Danes on -Monday?, ,as- they

travelled to Massachussettesfor a
1—1' tie with North Adams; The
undefeated New England team.

-.ranked in thegto‘p ten in that

region. were never scored upon
until they faced, Albany. -

“We rose~to~the occasion for ‘

this game.” said Schieffelin.
“North Adams is one of the bet-

ter teams and we did a very good '

job against them."

North Adams opened the scor—
ing in the first half. scoring on a
penalty kick.‘Prcsbie scored for

Albany off an assist by Eric,

Cifventes and Carl, loos 10

minutes' into the second half to

force the game into overtime.
The Danes lost a prime chance

‘ to take the win when Presbie fail-

ed to score on a penalty kick. “I
was upset that I didn't make the
shot." said Presbie. “but the
game showed improvement. Last
year we lost to North Adams.

. . post, that sort of thing." said for-

.;Saturday’s game against Cor-

' .- mistakes and playing-in what was

 

“We had lots of shots hit the

 
   
  
  
 

ward Ed Rogan'. “And their goal

was a pretty lucky shot. It was a

frustrating game." .' ’
"Not nearly as frustrating as '

   
   
  
    
 
  
    
  

“tlandpin which a lack of ex-
s‘perience'. '.typicai"'freshmen

  
   
     
   

. for. many of ’the.’young - players;
their first night game. added up to:
a 6-1 loss. » ’

  
     
  

   
 

“They took advantage of our
inexperience." said _Schieffelin.
“and we got; wrappedup into
playing their game. We got forced
into making'aliot of mistakes. and
we paid dearlyfor them." ,

Junior, Scott Janks, assisted by
Warren , Manners. scored 'the
Dane goal with four minutes re-
maining in the game.

      
    
   
  
 
   
     
  
 

“We got too psyched for the
game and we didn't play the way _
we’ve been playing,” said "OWE "a" UPS

' LI I
Presme‘ I really do"! have The Dana hooters tied In a 1-1 game wlth North Adams of

"mm '0 Say about the Swim" Massachusetts. The face Union tomorrow I 3:30
“‘There was deﬁnitely a dif- y a

ference playing under the lights." Union recently defeated Cor- their minds. We only got beat in

said Rogan. ‘fl't was pretty fogﬂ. tland, 6-1. the last ,minute of the game last
you couldn't see more than 20 “We’re going into the game' year."

feet out in front." with nothing to lose.” said “We'll play better against

. Schieffeiin'. “They play Brandeis, Union.” said Presbie. “We’ve

The team’s next opponent will (top ranked nationwide in Divi- only got to hustle and play ag-

be Union tomorrow at 3:30PM. sion 111), so that game will be on gressive." 1:1

    
  
 

      
   
    
       

  
   
 
    

Office Ll-95

Rockefeller College

 

 

 

 

 

@1111 completed]
oppﬂﬂeoeﬂoms

chaise be received [by

@eeobes i1 9

 

 

 

 

 

Fine cuisine from the

north of
Italy

 

 

 

WE HRE
NOW
HCCEPTING RESERVHTIONS

for Parents Weekend

 

Hon-Thurs. Sprn-i 0pm
Fri. tr Sat. 5pm-l 1pm
Sunday Rpm-9pm

WE ﬁCCEPT ﬁll. MHIOR CREDIT CHRDS.

I9 Cantina

Restaurant
215 Lark Street - Albany - 462-9329

 

 

  

  

 

By Mlke MacAdam

The young Albany State women's soccer team
continued to show promise as they rebounded from
a tough loss at the hands of a strong Ithaca team
with convincing back-to-back victories over North
Adams and Siena and a moral triumph over Cor-
tland, the lOth ranked Division 111 team. The Danes
enjoyed two days at the .500 plateau before the
Cortland loss dropped them to 3-4 on Saturday.

After the Bands were downed 2-0 at Ithaca by a
team that crushed them 8-0 last year, they went on
to dominate North Adams at home by a deceiving
3-1 score.

Albany Head coach Amy Kidder described the
North Adams team as “a very physical team,
almost abusiver physical." but that didn’t stop the
Danes from registering their first win since the
season opener against Skidmore.

“We were dominating in every way. but we
weren't finishing our plays.” Kidder said. “We
won 3-1. but it could have been 10-0 by halftime."

Kidder credited the absence of a lop-sided score
to the relaxed. overconﬁdent attitude of her
players.

“It was high pressure play at the U of R tourna-
ment."said Kidder.“and i think we took these
teams (North Adams and Siena) a little too
lightly."

Goals by Mary Dulkis. Kim Kosalek. and Joan
McNamera in the second half accounted for the
Dane scoring. and a late goal by North Adams for-
ward Heathcr Hardy was the only blemish on the
victory.

The Danes continued their winning ways at home
against Siena last Monday. but overconfidence
resulting in missed opportunities again tarnished
what should have been a blowout.

“Don't take anybody lightly. because we aren't
scoring a lot of goals," was Coach Kidder's
pregame message to her players. but a 34 shot bar—
rage produced only 2 Albany goals.

Still. it was enough. as the Danes shut out the
Siena attack and improved their record to 3~3.

While Albany appeared to lack the killer instinct
to put the ball in the net throughout the game, this

problem was not evident at 22:32 of the‘first half.
when a beautiful chip from a junior sweeper Sharon
Yablonski was headed by sophomore Joanna '
Lazarides to streaking forward McNamara. who
burned a Siena defender and an out-of-position
goal keeper for the winning goal. McNamara struck
again at 13:10 of the first half when her header off a
Dulkis corner kick foundthe far post. I

“We should really have blown their brains out."
quipped Kidder, referring to the two losing teams.
but the two victories were more than welcome as the
“Danes went on the road to face another tough op-
ponent. 10th ranked Cortland. . ‘.

_ While the matches against North Adams and
Siena showed direct results‘in the victory column,
Dane pride came in a different form at Cortland.

Albany State was never out of the game the 2-0
loss. despite Cortlandls I4 comer kicks and an 18-3'
shooting advantage. Sparkling play by Dane keeper
Maureen Keller, who recorded 11 saves, and a
sth‘rgy defenscive performance by Albany’s backers
kept it close against a Cortland squad known for
running it’s opponents ragged.

“Cortland runs hard.” stressed Coach Kidder.
“They ran us all over the field. but we stayed. very
fit; in the past we’Vc had to use massive substitu-
tions against them, but not this time."

> The strong Cortland backers spread the Albany
offense out, forcing them to make longer. more dif-
ficult passes. .

“All in all. it wasn't a bad night, but it was
frustrating on offense." Kidder said. “i was very
pleased with our defensive effort. but we needed to
compact our attack. and their big backs wouldn't
let us." . '

Kidder, enconraged by the Danes’ strong play of
late. and now that her youthful players have almost
half a season under their belts. feels that her
preseason optimism was well founded.

“Now-we’re playing two halves of soccer each
game." said Kidder. “so I think our time has come.
But we need to beat a good team."

The Danes get their chance today when they host
LeMoyne at 4:00 p.m. Cl

 

 

ASP SOFTBALLERS!
Our next game is on Wednesday
at 5 p.m. downtown. Be there. 

 

 

 

Dane volleyball team "rolls over SUN YAC East

By Mike Skolnlck

STAFF WRITER ' ' 3

’ The Albany‘State women's volleyball
team is on ‘a toll. They extended their
record to 11-] this ‘seasonby Capturing the
SUNYAC East tournament. which was
held this past weekend.

Also during the’past week the Danes'
defeated Siena. Russell Ssge‘and Williams '

and finshed second to Cortland. a peren-
nial SUNYAC power in the Great Dane
Invitational. '  .‘ . 1

In the SUNYAClBa'st tournament there

were three teams the Danes had to beat in v

order to capture the crown. They defeated

New Paltz. 15-8, 15-4 and then went up '
against Plattsburgh. It was'a match that‘

Albany Head Coach Pat Dwyer called
“one of the most tense matches I’ve ever
seen." '

The teams split the firsttwo games with
Albany winning the first, 16-14 and Platt-
sburgh countering in the~second game,
15-11. it was only fitting the the deciding
game was the most_exciting. The Danes
found themselves down 14-12. without the
services of Patty Munhall, who injured her
thumb blocking an attempted spike. But
the Danes pulled together and won five out
of the next six points to win the match.
17-15.

Captain Teri Neaton. a veteran three-
year player. attributed the team's victory
to “spirit and the determination not to

{tland, who is thus far undefeated this ing their own tournament and we were team gets-a breather until next Tuesday

 
 

at UniversityrGym, the Danes lost to Cor- “Cortland had just come off from winn-’ After the activities of the past week the

  
  

season. in the Great Danelnvitational. the '- playing our first big tournament of the when they take onvNorth Adams State and
Danes defeatedrBinghsmton. Brockport, season,” said Neaton. “I’m definitely Merrimac. On October 15, the much an-
St. Lawrence. Queens and University of looking forward to the rematch.” she ticipated rematch with Cortland will take
Rochester for the right to play Cortland. concluded; place.

are head and shoulders above us — we’ll S rea 2  v
coaching the Albany harriers

be ready for them in the SUNYAC’s."
By Dave Blette ~ » « , position-with a score of 21-35. Finishing
Itwasabusy, productive week for th in front was freshman Vernon Miller
Albany State me'n’s cross~country team with a time of 20:31 for the 3.8 mile
and a historic week as well..Cjoach Bob cour'se. Two seconds behind was senior
'Munsey registered his 200th cross- Charles Blanchet. Finishing up the scor-
. country victory as coach of the Danes. ' ing were Steve Ravnitzky‘in ﬁfth. Tim
The harriers faced five teams in four Rogers in sixth. and James Dixon in
separate meets. and came out victorious seventh. . -
in every competition. ' The harriers hosted their first home
' On Saturday the 21st. Albany took a meet last Wednesday against Hartwick
strong group of runners to Burlington College and the College of St. Rose.
Vermont to_face Division I Vermont and Albany best bOth teams easily. despite
Division 111 Williams. The harriers ran a the fact'thut coach Munsey had five of
very solid race with the time spread bet- his top ten runners sit the race out as a
ween the team’s second and tenth run- rest. The scoring was 20-43 against
ner being twenty-four seconds. Because Hartwick and 15-50 against St. Rose.
of this. the team easily defeated Ver-
mont and Williams. with scores of 20-43
and 19-44.respectively. v
The "Runner of the Meet”. Craig'-
Pariato led them ,with a second place

 
    
    
  

 

   
  

  

 

     
 

 

  

  
  
  
  
     
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  

The race was won by Hartwick runner
Fred Berg. but he was followedI by six
straight runners from Albany. In second
was the “Runner of the Meet". Pat

   
    
 

lose, despite some questionable calls by the

officials. "

After the emotional win over Platt-
sburgh. the team defeated-Potsdam in the

finals by scores of 15-12. 15-13.
“"l‘he victories in that tournament

the culmination of a'successful week for
the Danes. Last Thursday, they crushed
St. Rose 15-5, 15-9, 15-4 and one week ago
defeated Russel Sage 15-9. ‘.15-10 and

Williams College 1540, 15—13.

For every Great Dane team it is the

SUNYAC championship that is the

anticipated event of thq season. For this
seasoned team. the route to the SUNYAC
championship runs straitlht ‘h’°.“3h

Cortland. , I .

1n the Great Danc‘ Invitational, which
was held the weekend of September 21~22

 

were

most

  

. ' ,. t ' no IFIIGIL use
The Dana epIkore boast an 11-1 record
this season. '

 

 

 

finish in a time of 25:55 on the quick

.and relatively flat course. In fourth

place, with a time of 26:28 was Kevin
'Sheehan. He led the group of nine
straight Albany finishers.

"I.just couldn't believe itl I looked
down that hill and all I saw was a string
of gold." said head coach R.K. Munsey.
referring to the golden uniforms of the
Harriers.

Rounding off‘thc top five were Jack
Glaser and Trevor Hash both at 26:34
along with Ian Clements ut'26:40.'

On Monday September 23rd Albany
State sent thelr'B-tcam to Williams Col~

.Iegc to face the Williams B-tcam. The

stinger 13's. as coach R.K. Munsey tif-
fectlonateiy calls them; stung the op-

,“Biondle” Miller in 28:03 and C.T.

Paul ~_with a time of 27:31 a personal
best. Following him were junior Tim
Hoffin 27:46. Paul Diet: in 27:58. Scott

Blanchet in 28:09. ‘

Coach Munsey reached a significant
milestone with thcsc two wins. The vic-
tory gave him his 200th career cross-
country victory here at Albany State.
This also brought his overall coaching
victories. (this includes truck and field)
to 401. After. the meet Coach Munsey
was interviewed by Rip Rowen. the
sportscaatcr for Channel 10.

Last Saturday the Danes faced Divi-
sion 1 Colgate. and won In a close meet.
Wednesday the barriers will travel to
Noith’ Ada’ms forndual meet. ‘ Ci

 

 

   

