 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ii TUESDAY. APRIL 30. I985

Writer’s Institute wraps unsatisfying 

By Bill Jacob
.s-mr-r WRITER

It's been quite an inaugural year for the
NY Writer's Institute. directed by
Aibnay's Pulitzer Prize-winning professor.
William Kennedy.

Starting with an appearance by Saul
Bellow last April. the Institute has brought
about 25 writers to SUNYA. front court-
tries as far away as Ireland and Cuba.

The Institute also threw in a campus ap-
pearance by the governor of New York as
a bonus.

However. although the Institute pro-
vides students with the opportunity to per-
sonally meet and work with protuinettt
writers. the Institute ltas not received
enough personal input forttt stttdents. ac-
cording to Torn Smith. Associate Director
of the Institute.

Smith is planning to meet with people
next week to organiie meetings that will be
held during the summer to plan next year‘s
schedule. “We are in the process of setting
up an advisory board for next year." he
said. although lte stated that the Institute
will remain ittfortual in its selection
process.

Students may stop by the Writer's In-
stitute office in the Humanities building or
see their department cltair if they wish to
suggest writers for the lnstitute's cott-
sideration. “We go out of our way to
solicit suggestions from students. as well as
faculty." Smith said.

The original Writer's institute was
founded by Kennedy in early l‘)84. “It
eatne about through llill Kennedy's
MacArthur Award. Ile gets $l5.()00 a year
to designate to an educational institution
of his choice.“ Smith said.

Assemblymett William l’assatmante and
Senator Tarky J. Lombardi became in-
terested in the program iii the spring of
I984. Smith said. “They got very en-
thusiastic about making the institution a

New York State Writing Institution." he

added. so proposals and program descrip-
tions were brought before the legislature
last summer. Governor Mario Cuomo
signed the proclamation at the University’s
Alumni House September-l3. I984.

The lttstitute. which has an endowment
from the state legislature of Sl00.000 was
born at SUNYA because of Kennedy‘s in-

suggesting that the Institute enquire about
certain writers. Smith said. The Institute
works with academic departments. such as

..the English. Anthropology. and History

departments. to bring a variety of writers
to Albany. he said.

John Updike's lecture. titled the “Her-
man Melville lecture on Creative lmagina~
tion." will become an annual event featur-

“We go out of our way to solicit suggestions”
for speakers.

— Tom Smith

 

\olvement in the area.

“This is his town." said Smith. adding
that Kennedy felt the University would be
a good place to bring writers from all over
the world to. It's not just that they can
“talk to students because the students are
the beneficiaries as tnuch as they want to
be. but just to bring them to Albany and
Itave the University as the focus and the
forum for that." Smith explained.

In addition to being the founder of the
Writer‘s Institutes. Kennedy is its Director
attd participates in the operation of the In-
stitute. “He certainly is in touch with
everything and makes the ultimate deci-
sions." said Smith. Kennedy ltas made
“contact with so many of the great writers
that we‘ve already had here and will have
in the future." Smith added.

“l-le not only is the founder and the
benefactor bttt is the director in the very
real sense in that we are in touch all the
time. no tnattcr where he is. He is very
much involved with it and...does as tuuclt
as he can." Smith said.

Most planning has been done informal-
ly. with various people and departments

ing prominent artists. “We wanted to
designate a titled lecture on the creative
imagination. which is what this institution
is about. and start a tradition here at
Albany.“ Smith said. Melville was born in
New York state and actually lived in
Albany for some time. he said.

Smith said the Institute also intends to
cover a wide range of writing fields in the
future. “We. for the conceivable future.
are going to put most ofour programs and
sponsorship under the umbrella of what
we vaguely call “imaginative writing."
which doesn't rule out journalism. non-
fiction. screen-writing. (and) playwriting.
as well as fiction and poetry." he
explained.

The Institute will probably bring more
yottng and unknown writers to the Albany
area in the future. Smith said. “We're go-
ing to get into networking (with other
writing groups) in a very big way. both in
the area and around the state as far as
young writers and students are concern-
cd." he added.

“We are mandated to be located at
SUNY Albany. but we are also mandated

 

to enhance the vocation of writing in New
York State. so we have connections to
other writing programs." Smith said. He
added that hehopes writers will be able to

make appearances elsewhere in the state
next year. unlike this semester. whén all

writers appeared in the Albany area. ,

Smith said speakers stieh as John Up-
dike and Saul Bellow attraéted‘audiences
in excess of 1,000 people. A typical
writer's workshop will bring about "ISO
students. he said. while specialized
speakers. such as Cuban writers. will at-
tract about 50 people. . ‘

Nobel Prize winner Saul Bellow was the
first writer to speak for the Writer's In-
stitute and spoke to an audience of over
1500 in the Campus center Ballroom after
a workshop which he conducted last April.

The audiences tend to be mixed. smith
said. “People come from Glens Falls and
Saratogato see the writers." he said. ad-
ding “we’d like to see more studentS" at
the events. "Some have been such fan-
tastic events the people just shake their
heads and ask why there aren’t any more
integrating events." he said. '

The writers earn about $1.000 for doing ‘

a workshop. talking to students. and mak-
ing their presentations available to the
region. Smith said.

Writer Alan Sillitoe conducted ..a
workshop with Professor Randall Craig’s
Modern Novel class. “The chance for him
to come was quite exceptibnal." craig
said. . r '

The workspr session consisted of a 20
to 25 minute talk by Sillitoe followed by a
question and answer session. Craig said.
“The whole exchange was very personal”
and provided students with a unique ex-
perience. he added. V

“Mostly it‘s the encounter. the personal
encounter. with a writer." Smith said.
“Then the reading you do in the wake of
that has particular lumination." he'added.

 

 



By Pam Se'husterman

 

 

5 TA FF WRI TEA

, If the phrases "Save the seals" and
“Boycott for the whales" sound familiar.
the chances are great that the Greenpeace
organization is behind it. _

The Greenpeace Organization. a non-

profit. apolitical organization that focuses
on environmental issues. is planning to
begin a chapter on the Albany campus ac-
cording to Marc Osten the New England
Organizer. .
. “We're here to. get people activated."
Osten said. “our efforts here at SUNY fit
into a larger regional program working to
give Greenpeace members and supporters
a chance to get more involved.”

Osten explained that Greenpeace is now
in the process of beginning a network of ’
involved college campuses. “We began in
ithaca at Cornell and have spread to the
University of—~New Hampshire and the
University of Vermont." he said. adding
that he has high hopes for the program at

“We believe that
everything on Earth is
' interdependent. ”

 
   

— Marc Osten

HOWIE IVOMI UPS v.

 

 

SUNYA.

 

events. “We plan on educating students by ‘ for students to get involved in worldwide

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

v—._~

   

The Iban

 

 

ALL MEMBERS OF THE ALBANY
STUDENT PRESS (IDRPORATION
MUST VOTE FOR ASP CORP. H)ARD
ON DNESDAY, MAY 1 AT 7:30

  p.m. IN LC 23

I I
V

y Student Press Corporation
is made up of all personnel listed on
the ASP masthead (writers, production
people, editors, managers. . .)

WHY ARE THESE LITTLE MEN SMILING?
BECAUSE THEY RE VOTING IN THE

ALBANY STLDENT PRESS
(I)RPORATION mARD '
ELECTIONS!

Nominations for ASP Corp.

Board m ay be

the ASP Business Office (CI:
332 —-— attention: Chris) until
midnight tonight

 
  
 

 

-

handed in at

 

 

 

Greenpeace is an organization with three v

basic philosophies. Osten explained. “We
believe that everything on earth is in-
terdependent. we believe in direct action
and we believe in non-violent action." he
said.

Grebnpeace has a rather broad agenda
according to Osten. ranging from pollu-
tion and acid rain to nuclear refueling.

“We research these situations. then in
the most effective non-violent manner we
can come up with. we work on bringing to
the public problems with these activities."
Osten said.

One method for saving the baby white
seals according to Osten is spraying paint
on their coats. “This does not harm the
animal in any way and deters the men
looking to kill them." he said.

However the agenda plans for SUNYA
are not nearly as wide ranging. According
to Osten he hopes to educate students.
facilitate research and work on fundraising

films. leaﬂets and a series of speakers." he
said. They are also looking to start an in-
tern program. he said.

Greenpeace’s future plans' deal” with
looking into community pollution pro~
blems. Osten explained. “We would like to
do research similar to NYPIRG. and
possibly work In conjunction with them."
he said. He explained that the two groups
have many similar goals.

Osten has high hopes for fundraising on
campus. “We plan to sell merchandise
such as t-shirts. buttons and other
clothing." Osten said. He added that he
sold one day in the Campus Center and it
was a tremendous success.

“There is no question in my mind that
this program will be successful on cam-
pus." Osten said. “The fact that it is new
leaves so much open," he added.

The students that attended the meeting
shared Osten’s optimism. Genie Budow. a
freshman said. “I think it’s very important

issues and from the turnout tonight it
seems it will be a success."

According to Osten the success 'of the
program depends on the committment of
the students themselves. “We can make
anything we want out of this program." he
said.

Erica Spicgal. a junior at SUNYA said.
the idea of activism appealed to her. “This
organization should make students more
aware of the issues and promote activism
on campus." she said.

Wendy Adams. a freshman agreed. say»
ing. “I'm very against nuclear war and as
of yet I haven't been much of an activiist.
This is an opportunity to do something."

The main goal of Greenpeace. according
to Osten. is to get people involved. “We
want our members to do more than pay a
fifteen dollar yearly fee,” he said. adding
that he feels confident that his goals of
research. education, and fundraising will
be a success.

 

 

 

  

Landlords ' in vestments hurt by ‘Gr‘ouper’

By Eric Hlndln
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Strict enforcement of the Grouper Law will force both tenant
and landlord to buckle down next year.

Landlords interviewed at recent neighborhood block meeting
said they felt that while a lot was being said about the rights of
local residents and rights of students. very little has been said
about being fair to landlords.

Many landlords, according to Michael. a landlord who re-
quested his last name be withheld. have invested large amounts
of personal savings. or have taken out large mortgages to buy
houses in the student ghetto area. “We did this because. as in
any business venture. we thought we could pay back our loans
and make a proﬁt." said Michael.

“One of my houses has five bedrooms." said Michael. “and
if I can't collect rent from two to those rooms. I will be hard-
pressed to pay my own bills.”

Michael claimed that he actually sees the need for the grouper
law. and even grudgingly supports the law. “My objections are
purely from a personal greed point of view." _

"I have made a stable investment In the two houses I own."
said Michael. "and the city's grouper law' will deprive me of my
means to make back my money."

Michael said. “Two years ago. when I had lots of money to
invest I could have invested in any one of many things. . . I
chose two houses." he said. “and now. because of the grouper
law. it’s turning out to be a bad investment."

Most landlords interviewed agreed with Michael.

“The bottom line." said Michael. "is that students will have
to pay more money each. to make up for the smaller number of
students who will be paying."

Most landlords agreed that they would be charging from SIS
to $25 tnore per person. One landlord woh owned only a three
bedroom house admitted that his rates would increase. despite
the fact that he will not be affected by the grouper law.

Several of the landlords said they werc'not convinced the
Grouper Law would accomplish its purpose of improving
neighborhood areas.

In addressing the problem of excessive garbage in the area.
lean. one of the landlords at the block meeting. who wished
that her last name be withheld. said. “Many students do not
take out their garbage. period. Instead they let it build up in
backyards or porches where it ttttraCts roaches. flies. and smells
up the vicinity."

Both landlords said they felt the grouper law would be lnef-.

Iceive. and maintained that three persons' garbage would be
just as disturbing as that of five persons.

 

Another problem in the area has been parking.

Parking is usually a problem in the student ghetto only dur-
ing prime “going out" times. deﬁned as Friday and Saturday
nights. Parking will be difficult at these times. according to all
five landlords interviewed. even with. the few extra spaces
created by the grouper law.

“What's really ridiculous" according to Michael “is to use
the parking problem as a reason for the grouper law. Parking
around the area of Quail and Western used to be a problem on-
Iy.on weekends.

“Since LP's opened. parking has been impossible every night
of the week." he said. LP‘s is a newly opened disco at Quail
and Western. .

“It really pisses me off.” said Roberto Brunetti. who lives
half a block from LP's. “They pass laws which hurt students.
but then they go and let something like LP's open."

Brunetti said he feels that if the city is interested in providing
more parking, less noise. and better living conditions for local
residents. they should pass better zoning laws to prevent places
like LP's from opening. Cl

  

'SIudcm ghotto' housing
Rents are being forced up

 

«.swwmmtmmw.-. .. 

 

Policy changes
are planned for
University’s

judicial system

By David Werthelm
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT I

Significant structural changes are
underway in SUNYA's judicial policy,

next semester.

Alterations in the area of due process
relating to judicial board and appeal
rights will be decided in May and June
according to Suzy Auletta. Student
Association (SA) Vice President.

Auletta and SA President Rich Sehaf-
fer initiated inquiry into the reforms in
November I984. A judicial review board
was established by Frank Pogue. Vice
~ President for Student Affairs. after be-
- ing informed by Schaffer that the
judicial system denied due proces to ac-
cused students.

The board. which worked from
November until the end of February.
made many proposals for completely
revamping the system. especially what
Schaffer called “The unwritten rules
relating to due process, the unclear
provisions."

The major change deals with the
structure of judicial boards on the
various quads. If the proposal passes
University Senate May 6. and University
Council in June. there will no longer be
' a quad based system.

Instead. said Sehaffer. “there will be
. a more independent board. drawing
from students of all live quads." No
longer will the danger exist of a biased
judiciary. in which a quad resident is
.familiar with those on the judicial
‘board. he explained.

Now. any student who is accepted in-
to the judicial board will be part of a
1 single unit ofjustice. hearing cases on a
day Of the week basis. While the present
I system on a quad calls for Sunday night
hearings at which referrals are decided
v upon that may be days or weeks old. the
I new system will call tncetings on various
nights of the week, and will be open to
'immediate review of referrals.

According to Sehaffer. “lfyou throw
a chair out a window on Tuesday. your
case is heard on Wednesday."

Auletta. who said she is confident the

'new structure will be in effect next
isomester. sees the change as a good
'thing. “There will be more uniform
isanctions." said Auletta. “with a
tuniﬁed system."
Better legal representation at judicial
.board hearings has also been proposed
by the board. Under the cttrrent system.
said Auletta. legal representatives may
attend a hearing. but may not speak for
the defendant. The new proposal calls
for councilors to be allowed to speak.

According to Auletta. the judicial
board systetn will be improved with the
addition of mediators. "If suitcmates
have an argument over a phone bill. We
won’t send them through the whole pro-
cess. We'll send them to a mediator.
where they can work together and study
the situation." she said.

Auletta opposes one of the proposals
concerning the appeals process. Cur-
rently. a student may appeal a judicial
board verdict to the Student Affairs
Council. on which Auletta serves as
chair. The proposal calls for appeals to
be heard by the judicial board and not
the council. “This is not an appeal."
said Auletta. “because it’s giving the
case right back to the ones who made
the original verdict."

Auletta said site will raise an ohjees
tion to this proposal when the entire
package is discussed lIl University
Senate hearings on May 6.

Scltaffer said the proposals "will llll-
questionany be approved by University

as»

 

 

and the revisions are slated to take effect .

 

 

... M.“ 4%...“ ..

 

