 

2a Aspects l

O f t h i t i me

In a hundred years from now. people will look back and think of this as their
history. To think about the future as being the past changes our conception of it. Or
does it? Just because we declare something to be so. does it make it true? We don't
think of the future as the past. and so h pothesizing about it won't make it so. It is a
theoretical construct. However. somet ing as tangible as graduation is easier to
think about. In concrete terms. graduation signiﬁes the successful completion of a

learning process at this institutuion called college. Yet. then I begin to wonder what
the future holds. ‘ ' .

In actuality. the future doesn't hold anything. It promises that certain things will
happen to us as the natural course of events. At this point. I'm trying to ﬁgure out
what that course of events will entail. Choice is knocking at my door awaiting an
answer which I am not yet ready to supply. I don't yet know what path I will
choose. 1 know that I have a passion for art. but a passion is a hard thing to nurture
in this world. A passion does not simply translate into a job. or a house. or any other
‘thing'. And so I am left at odds. How may I have the two worlds of what I think and
what I want come together? >

Perhaps I can exercise philosophical licence to think of my life as an idea. But what
happens after that? May I then call myself "future"? Can a person become an abstrac-
tion in the conceptual sense? And what does that mean? Will I have the answers
about life? .

0K. suppose that I call myself "future". That means that I have disregarded my
past and my present. It means that I am constantly in the process of becoming. But
becoming what? I have immediately eliminated any continuity and sameness in
myself. If I am "future". then I have lost my identity.

We can‘t touch our identity. or smell it. or feel it in the physical sense. yet it is
always there with us. It is the same problem which psychologists and philosophers
have come up against when they try to theorize about the mind. How does the
mind. our thinking entity. turn in on itself to examine the process? You can take '
apart a clock and see how it works. but you can't even touch time with a ten-foot
pole. You can dissect a brain. but then all that you end up with is a lot of loose
neurons and runny grey matter. You can't remove an idea in the same way that you
can remove a tumor. It just doesn‘t work. In the same vein (so to speak). you can't
remove your past identity from who you are now. That too won't work.

To live without the future is to live without hope. I feel lucky that I am able to
think and be confused about the future. It means that I must make a choice. which
inherently states that I have the abili to do so. Think about those who were born
without choice. Choice is the result 0 having a range of possibilities from which to
pick. For example. I may choose to go to grad school. but for now I won't.

. Editors‘ Un-column‘s

 

 

 

— _ March '15, 1985

I have the future spread before me. If I decide to be "future", then my conception
is not of a person with decisions to make. but the embodiment of a point in time.

So I choose not to be "future" but to live in the present tense and think about
those dreams that I used to have when I was younger. Innocence and dependencde
are two stages which i have passed through In the same manner that a snake sheds
its skin. The new is born for the sake of the old. I am not "future". but a person with -
questions that don't have answers. visions which I hope to reach. and choices that I
have yet to make. ‘

Graduation is merely a part of the process. Art is one of my passions. and the

. future welcomes me with open arms.

Now I'm'having this problem with my car. . .

Rina Yo'img

. Something to Live For
‘ Tuesdays are blue
Wednesdays are red
Three tests on Thursday 7 you're better off ‘
dead ' ‘
Thank God for Friday - another week gone

Fun planned for Saturday all the week [or ‘1 ‘
Cram all your schoolwork in three‘ho'urs on
Sunday ' a . ~, " .

‘ “.Sleep through your ‘teSt review in classon .
'Monday . "  ' ‘ ’ ' '

' This is the' pace of "your SUNY'A week" ‘ ‘

And why you feel like y‘oudon‘t get any. '
breaks 7 ' . _

So relax With our section on those happy ASF
’days . r - .
Thank God for Aspect-s on'l‘uesdays and

'Fridays . ‘_ . ‘ ‘ '
r ] l'l'om Hacandes .’

 

March 15, 1985

’What‘i We - sa

. Brian‘Vafn oral" '

,Theiraniusernentis torture and genocide: 

 

 

 

ll' "OMBW
":le waqu

PRESENTS:

 

 

Tickets on Sale: MON... MARCH 4”
IN THE CAMPUS CENTER & AT STRAWBERRIES

use] THERE. ,rHuRsoav. Mancu 21 Iron
@ILEWﬂEDBﬂ @WE. '
- or on not. 2.‘
FOOD SPECIALS.
goes 7 \ DRINK SPECIALS --
saw” ALL HIQHTHL
Buy o mug from Telethon '85 on your Quad Din-

nor lines and get It refilled as many times as you
went for 50 t I On solo ﬁll. WEEKI.

w

 

\Si'?
/

 

 

 

 

" tatorship. But because it is a com-’

 

Sponsored by Keis Distributors and Genesee Beer

 

 

 

 

Sn Funded

 

 

 

we
SUMMER JOBS AVAILABLE

SUNYA UNDERGRADUATES ONLY

108 DESCRIPTION: Building and grounds maintenance; construction assistant.
Thel maintenance jobs consist of firewood cutting and hauling. brush
and grass cutting. painting and preserving. minor building repairs and trail
improvements. The construction work will involve assisting the perma-
nent staff in the completion ofa 26‘ x 39' shower-washroom facility.
W 2 .
W 10 weeks - June 10 through August 16.
SALQBI $1.400/summer _- $3.50/hr (40 hour week). plus lodging.
WHO MAY APPLY:Only SUNYA undergraduates having paid student tax this
semester and returning to SUNYA in Fall. 1985.
WHERE '10 APPLY/The SA office » CC 116. before 4PM on Friday. March 22.

IN'I‘EBEIEWS’ Hold for top applicants March 27 and 28.
ACCEPTANCE NOTICE: Posted in SA office on March 29.

 

 

 

or such little knowledge of history

that they do not know of the
Korean and Vietnam Wars. Then again,
some people are still avid fans of the T.V.
series MASH, and have never grasped the
slightest underlying theme of the show.
Amazing! No wonder anti-war and non-
intervention movements encounter such
complacency, and outright resistance.

F ew people have such bad memories

 

 

Surely, It can be said. MASH attempted
to deal with the reality of the Korean war, .
at times. Certaihly more i so than did
Hogan’s Heroes‘.deplction'of World War II.
How; couldéoseists have asense'ofh'umor? ~

Still, people never seem to understand the ,
realities; they iusidon’t know. what’s going .
on. They hear something enough .‘tirn'es. '
and'read it enough times, and they believe

it's “Truthi”. Like MiceiPresldent' George "

Bush callingElSqlvadOrademocracy and . ‘

Nicaragua a totalitarian government. Liesl.‘

However, some people see the hand-  f
r Writing on the wall. We are reminded by

George Santanyana that history. need not

‘ repeat itself.'Th'at ls why We say, "No more  ‘

Dachau'sl ‘No more ‘Hiroshiina’sl No more
Korea’s! no pm, re"-Vietna'msl. g

‘ Let ~me,',t'v_'refore.z make mlyrlpurposev
clear. .‘I am'rWriting about; reality. The
realities of. ra“ ism, poverty. repression. op-
pression, diaialorshlps, fascist :govern-
mentsand things far worse, thongh‘hard
to imagine Itmust say. To wir. I am writing _
abour‘American foreign policy. A policy
which promotes US. military intervention.
nee-colonialism, and economic
imperialism; ' . '- ﬂ '—" .

This arircle isi written as a preface-to a :,
series" of‘ presentations ‘ sponsored by" the '
Democratic Socialists of America, which ,
will address the role of the, United States in
such nations as Puérlo Rico, South Korea,
Chile, and South Africa. This article is not
intended to make you feel so informed
that you do not have to attend the presen-
tations. No, not that at all; There’s a whole ‘
lot that I don’t know. Damn. there’s a
whole lot more that I don’t knowI Isn’t that
the problem; that we’re not informed? But I
was asked to write about what I do know,
in hopes of stirring your interests as
members of a university academic com;
munity. In hopes of each one of us becom- '
ing that much more aware. Let us look
then, close at- home, at the "Com-
monwealth of Puerto Rico." ‘

Puerlo Rico .

Puerto Rico. because » it is a com-

monwealth of the U.S., is not under a dic-

 

monwealth, it does not have self-
determination either. Democracy exists
there with a question mark. There are
many questions in Puerto Rico. Questions
the U.S. should answer. Such as why Puer-
ro Rico's per capita income is about 50 per-
cent that of Mississippi (the poorest state);
yet the cost of living is about 20 percent
higher than New York Ci ty’s’? Why nearly
70 percent of Puerto Ricans are eligible for
food stamps, or why unemployment re-
mains above .30 percent? Why Puerto Rico
has the dubious distinction of being among
the top-countries in the world in the per
caplta rate of homicides, suicides, drug ad-
diction, and alcoholism? Why Puerto Rico
must Import 80 percent of its agricultural
products from America, while 13 percent
of its arable land is occupied by US.
military installations which pay no money

trol pills were tested on Puerlo Rican
women, for which 1 out of every 3 women
of childbearing age has been sterilized?
Why US. corporations continue to obtain
$5 billion in net profits each year from
Poerto Rico? 'There are many questions
indeedl ' '

In my view, 87 years of US. colonialism
havevbeen 87 years of needless suffering.

-- I. As one Puerto Rican activist recently
 stated, "'In.1985 we are told it's because of

the ‘corﬁmunists.’ In 1898 we were told it

was because of the Spaniards; In 19922we“
were told if was became we were 'sav‘ages:'~

-" All-people-should have thevright. to self-.
determination, but our government docs

. .not-.agree._Whai did they write, in 1776?
3 Who remembers anyway? Let us examine l
inowihe roleofthe US. in South Korea. l.

 

 

for use of the land? Why today’s birth con-

Sourh Korea'

Forever 1200 years Korea' was a united

nation. Yet like many nations, it was a vic-
tim of World War “’5 legacy; a victim of

the Cold War between the U5. and the -

Soviet Union. Korea was split, North and
South. Seperale governments were formal-
ly established 3 years later in 1945, and the

Korean War soon followed. The war only -

left the country more divided and more
militarized, and set the stage for a series of
dictators backed by the U.S., including
Syngman Rhee. Park Chung Hee, and
Chun Doo Hwan. So what has 40 years of
U.S. intervention brought South Korea?

In South Korea, 75 percent of workers
earn below the government-defined pover-
ty level. What economic growth there is,
comes at the expense of farmers and
workers. Social Services are virtually n‘on-
exislanl. In South .Korea, Ihere is no
freedom of the press. it Is Illegal to strike.
people are tortured and political freedoms
are severely restricted. South Korea is a
totalitarian government. .-South Korea is
.supported by the United States.

Although the US. has given over $14
billion in military and economic aid to
South Korea since the Korean War. the
region is not even slightly more secure. On
Ihe contrary. the 6th and 7th largest armies
in the world are facing one another on the
Korean peninsula, the South with US.

{nuclear ar5enals. The goVernrnenl of South

,Who will decide the future?

y'and what We do

 

—Aspecls 3a

 

Korea does not benefit the South Korean
people, nor does it benefit the American
people. It benefits only mulIi-national cor~
porations such as General Dynamics. HT,
and Westinghouse. at the expense of South
Koreans (and American workers). Workers
in South Korea have very few rights. They
are perhaps lucky for their lives. What is
America's excuse for these atrocities? Let us
consider Chile. '
. Chile

When the European powers came to the
Americas in the 15th and .Iéth centuries,
the existing Indian nations began to crum-

ble'Not» because they were awed by
- ;"greater" civiliutions, -but, because they
"were 'infected by "smallpox "and the
venereal diseases of those early explorers: --

Latin Amerlca has been plagued ever since.

and the Monroe Doctrine certainly didn't

 

without adequate resources. Malnutrition
and disease are rampant, with about 3 out
of every 10 babies born to Black women
eventually dying. For whites, the figure is
only 27 per 1,000 births. At the age of 16,
a Black South African must begin carrying
a passbook at all times, which includes the
person's number, photograph, employ~
ment history and permit to enter a white
area! In South Africa, it is "seperate but
unequal.“

South Africa leads the world with the
highest incarceration rate, nearly 100,000
in prison daily. 96,000 of whom are Blacks.
If all this were not enough. in South Africa
people disappear in prison and on the
streets. Prisoners are often tortured and

.y‘murdereduas Stephen Biko was. Citizens

who speak out against the government can
[be banned into internal exile. such asthe I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HUM

 

help any. As "America's Backyard," Latin
America has been viewed more by
speculators, than by spectators. this is true
of Chile.

Since 1981, the US. began making
export-import bank loans to Chile, again.
But the poverty. unemployment, and infla~
tion have not changed under the fascist
Pinochet dictatorship. In 1970, the Chilean
people democratically elected ihe first
socialist government in this hemisphere led
by the Popular Unity Party of Salvador

‘Allcndc. Allende undertook economic

reforms to dcmocratize the coppermines
for the interest of his nation's people. not
some foreign corporation. This, of course.
was too much for the US. to handle. In
197.1. the CIA organized and assisted ‘in
the overthrow of the democratic govern-
ment of Chile, and the murder of Salvador
Allende. As,Henry Kissinger said at the
time, "I see no reason for us to allow a
country to go communist, Just because the
people voted that way.” So Allende was

murdered and Pinochet placed in power.

and because 50, political oppression and
torture chambers exists again in Chile. But
the people of Chile are growing stronger,
and though their strikes are crushed by
military police, they continue to struggle.
Since General Pinochet imposed his state
of siege on November 0. 1984. many peo-
ple have died, and more than 200 people
have vanished. What now Pinochet? What
now Ronald Reagan? Lastly. let us consider
South Africa, with which I hope most
everyone is familiar.
South Africa

Soulh Africa Is a nation which has literal-
ly institutionalized racism. What they call
apartheid (pronnuim-il "apart-hate"), I call
slavery. Here is a nalinn where people of
mlor (primarily lilai‘ks). comprise 33 per-
ircnt of Iliv population but live on only 1.1
percent of Ilu' land, which is barren and

 

 

 

liberal white editor of a South African
newspaper, Donald Woods. In South
Africa, it is even illegal to quote a "banned"
person. America's interests in South Africa
'amount to nothing more than its capitalist
interests. More than 500 U.S. corporations
and banks invest in South Africa, paying
nearly $15 billion in taxes each year to the
fascist South African. government. US
corporations continue to exploit this cheap
supply of labor for their profits. they have
no morality that I can see.

Find out for yourself

There is so much more that can be said
about South Africa, Chile. South Korea.
and Puerio Rico. so please attend the
presentations scheduled throughout the
Wednesdays of March in Humanities
rm.l7 at 7:30pm.

We Americans must he awakened to our
responsibililies. We must hold our govern-
ment accountable for its wrongs, and there
are many. Many people must realize the
differences between being anti‘C'ommunist
and prordcmocracy. The two attitudes are
not Ihc same: the former they should not
hold. Hitler, Mussolini and Franco were all
anti-Communist, and we supported each
one. America has supported many fascist
dictators. Our government still does. U.S.
capitalist interests do not benefit
Americans, and they surely don’t benefit
the peoples of the aforementioned nations.
llut soon, perhaps in Nicaragua, the US.
will escalate its war. and we will be Iold to
go fight the "Communists" to "make the
world safe for democracy," again. This
time we had better say "Nui" President
Ronald Reagan said on March 8. 1983.
"We will never send tumbal troops in(Io
Central Arncriot)...bul prr-siilenls never
say 'm-vr-i.’ " llu lormvarned. "You are
lu-‘ri'by given nollw. l’leasv rcporl in
Sergeant. ” l l

 

