 

. 1  ' r  ~ ~ ’ '-’ ‘ ~ -~ v  -. . '.1'.' We 1.2-. .:,_.J.‘ .ét-ezh‘iiJGt-n. .1. '...  neptwi~crnwmnrn>Ernswyuur'e.uAv-eﬁhﬂ‘t’hm  '

   

69 Elem-t“

 

Student Association Presents.;.

Guinness Ban ‘
of World 
rtls Ila.
featuring

Musical Chairs
& the world’s Ist
Pepsi Wave
' Saturday; April 20, 1985

at the Administration Circle,, 

Rain or Shine

- Musical Chairs With guest D. I. ’5 Mason & Sheehan

- Attempts at hot dog, hamburger and dounut eating
& egg throwing

- The band Bovine will perform

- See the Miller Hot AirBaIIoon, the World ’5

largest Miller Bottle 6i Pepsi Can

 

Free T-shirts & hats to the first 5,000 to
register for musical chairs beginning at 10 AM

Wristbands will be sold for food and drink
(No bottles or cans will be allowed in Circle).

   

' SIGN UP NOW IN CAMPUS CENTER

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i.

(.1
g.
.T',

‘— Blecdon- Io

 

 

Mandatory fee
VOTE A

Referendum No.l

Pursuant to Resolution V7l-90 of the
Board of Trustees be it hereby enacted:
(Vote A or B) .

A) That the Student Activity Fee be man-
datory for all full-time undergraduate
students.

D) That the Student Activity Fee be volun—
tary for all full-time undergraduate
students. '

Every four years SUNYA students must
vote whether or not to‘ keep the Student
Activity fee mandatory. It’s a referendum
not just on $49.50 per semester. but also
on student life as we know it.

Currently. Student Association funds
over. 90 diverse groups. ranging from
WCDB to‘ Fuerza Latina, from intramural
to intercollegiate sports, from University

' Cinemas to University Concert Board —

all these are made possible by a mandatory
fee.

Without a mandatory fee it's doubtful
many campus groups would exist. It’s also
unlikely that our mass programming
groups, (Cinemas; UCB, Speaker’s
Forum, etc.), would be able to bring so
much to this campus. In addition, SA
gains legitimacy. and thus, power. from
the close to $1 million budget that the
mandatory fee provides.

It's important that SUNYA students
vote in favor of the mandatory fee ~—
students in the past have had to ﬁght long
and hard for the right to tax themselves
and have come too far to stop promoting
diversity now.

Barman

<3

especially in the event of the 21-year-old
drinking age where innovative ideas for
non-alcoholic programming would be
essential, was disappointing and a little
shocking when he dared to suggest that SA
should somehow “bend the law and have it
(alcohol) on campus.” This suggestion, to
break the law in order to preserve what he
called a “social device,” was clearly not a
quality the board was looking for in a vice
presidential candidate.

Berman claimed that the term Affir-
mative Action has been “abused and
misused" and he was no exception. He
seemed unsure of what Affirmative Action
actually is' and appeared much more con-
cerned with how he might offend the white
majority than with being sensitive to and
aware of the problems facing minority
students.

He proposed that instead of including a
line on SA posters saying “women and
minorities are encouraged to attend," the
posters should say “women and
minorities are as welcome." We couldn’t
figure out exactly what this meant, and
don't think most students would be able to
either.

Fraternities played a large role in Ber-
man’s plans for boosting school spirit and
SA power. Despite the inherently exclusive
nature of fraternities, he said he feels they
“benefit the school as a whole" because
they b'oost morale through their participa-
tion in campus events. Bérman was so pro-
fraternity that he even suggested that SA
might ﬁnd some way to fund SUNYA's
Greek letter organizations even though
SUNY guidelines prohibit the funding of
exclusionary groups such as fraternities o'r
sororites

His committment to his role as vice
president was lacking in that while he ex-
pects to spend 45 to 50 hours per week on
thejob, when we asked if was prepared to
put in more time if necessary, he asid,
"probably."

Thomas

His programming ideas included a
winter carnival for the quads, “mass spor-
ting events" where quads compete, and

 

 

 

 

 

 

SASU fee
VOTE NO

Referendum No.2 (Vote Yes or No)

"Shall the students of SUNY Albany
continue to fund the Student Association
of the State University (SASU) and in-
crease their funding from $1.50 to $2.00
per student per semester? I understand
that a "yes" vote will increase the student
activity fee by 6.50 per student per
semester and maintain SUNY Albany as a
member school of SASU; a "no" vote will
mean that SUN Y Albany will fund SASU
its current rate of $l.50 per student per
semester.”

Through this referendum SASU is seek-
ing a $1.00 per year increase in the fee it
receives. In the last year , SASU has done
very little to deserve an extra buck.
Although we are strongly in favor of the
organization itself, we don’t think students
should vote in favor of the increase.

Part of the increase would go towards a
“steward program,” for which a student
will be paid SlOO per month to put up
posters and do other behind the scenes
work. What we can’t ﬁgure out is why one
paid student can do more work than three
elected delegates. Better delegate training
and motivation is needed here, not $100
per month part-time jobs.

Another part of the increase will go
towards a “Computerized Communica-
tion Network," designed to link campuses
and send information across the state at
lightning speed. We ﬁnd it hard to fathom
that thousands of dollars of electronics is
better or cheaper than the telephone. even
if it is long distance.

more quad trips. He offered few other
speciﬁcs except increasing SA's recruit-

,ment efforts at summer planning con-

ferences, a project that SAshﬁs already
been working on.

For minorities, Thomas said he would
urge various group leaders to bring in
speakers and musicians that might be of
special interest to minority students. Sug-
gesting a feasible idea we hadn't heard
before, he emphasized the need to con-
tinue the summer minority awareness
weekend at Dippikill, adding that -he
would follow it up later in the year to see if
the group leaders were sticking to the com-
mittments they’d made to minority
students during that weekend.

Thomas demonstrated a clear

understanding of affirmative action and.

said he'd abide by SA’s current point
sysytem which gives an edge to minority
students applying for a position in SA.
After saying that women’s safety on this
campus could use some improvements,
Thomas's,only concrete suggestion was to
try to recruit students who use Don’t Walk
Alone to be escorts. He tried offering a

t few other ideas,'but it was apparent that he

hadn't given the issue much thought.

He clearly hadn't given much thought to
non-alcoholic programming alternatives,
either. With a 21 drinking age possibly just
around the corner, he really should have
thought about this. The drinking age “will
be a major problem next year," he
acknowledged, but seemed satisfied to
wait for the law to change, before tackling
the problem. When the Board pressed him
for programming ideas for those who will
be underage, he suggested more weekend
speakers and musical events.

A new drinking age means a new alcohol
policy. Thomas said he would tell students
to abideby it, even if he didn't agree with

it. As we see it. non-compliance is an easy
form of protest and no student leader
should be prepared to rule it out that
quickly.

0n the whole, his ideas for recruitment
and activism were vague and reactionary.
He had no new ideas for reaching some of
the less involved students and he's not like-
ly to initiate many changes. He’ll be a vice-
president who will let things happen.
We're looking for someone who will make
things happen.

REFERENDA

 

 

 

NYPIRG

VOTE YES

Referendum No.3 (Vote Yes or No)

“Should the New York Public Interest
Research Group (N YPIRG) continue to be
funded at the current level of three dollars
per student per semester? I understand
that a “yes” vote will continue to fund
'NYPIRG and a "no" vote will mean that
N YPlRG will no longer be funded by the
students a! SUNYA. ”

In order to keep this major force for stu-
dent and citizen rights in New York here at
SUNYA, students have to vote “yes” on
this referendum. Stopping NYPIRG's fun-
ding means stopping NYPlRG's work,
and no matter what NYPIRG‘s opponents
say. there's no two ways around that.

For over ten years now, NYPlRG has
provided students with representation in
the state legislature and educational ex-
periences far beyond what's available in a
text. Through full-time hands-on lobbying
internships to volunteer work on campus
projects, students learn about the political
process and reality when working with
NYPIRG. I

The organization also provides students
with important leadership development
opportunities. On both the local and
statewide levels, elected student represen—
tatives make the decisions for a $2 million
group. the largest public interest lobby in
New York.

NYPIRG's victories in the student in-
terest include the publication of thier re-
cent guide to Albany's banks. their survey
on where to buy the lowest-priced prescrip-
tion drugs in Albany, their lobbying for

Salerno
<3

noy" him if the president got all the credit
for something, and that you can back the
administration into a corner “if you have
to"

Salerno does have a basic knowledge of
SA and has experience working with
budgets through his position as vice presi-
dent of 'AMlA and SA athletic coor‘
dinutor. He has also served on judicial
board, and is a member of the Inter-
collegiate Athletic Council (lCAC). g

Unfortunately he has little or no
understanding of positions other than his
own and admitted that he is only “vaguely
familiar with the SA constitution’f.

Considering his other activities it ap~
pears that Salerno would put time into
something that he felt strongly about.

Salerno thinks fraternities and sororities
are "great" because they promote student
involvement and said, “SA should work
with them like any other group." He lean-
ed toward giving grcek letter organizations
greater priority, however, by “maybe
creating a new SA position to work with
the fraternities" and would recommend
giving halls to fraternities and sororities.

Even though Salerno did attend a
Human Relations Workshop at Dippikill
last summer, his knowledge of the posi-
tions of Minority Affairs Coordinator and
Affirmative Action Officer were lacking.

He was not familiar with the respon-f

sibilities of each and when asked if they
should be stipended, Salerno seemed to
find this to be another tough question one
after struggling with himself, he came up
with a compromise that seemed to have lit-
tle basis: to stipend Minority Affairs Coor-
dinator and not the Affirmative Action
Officer.

Eresbie

fee were over. As for the W rule. Presbie
stated, “If the administration is stuck on
their ways there's nothing we can do about
it." He did add however. that perhaps the

period for dropping a class can be extend- 1
ed. According to Presbie. the fight for the '

bus fee is over, “it is going to stay the way
it is."
Although Presbie's standing ,on

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the truth in testing law. and their involve-
ment in SUNYA's initial effort to allow
students to vote in thier college area. They
are also involved in a cleanup of toxic
wastes in the Albany area.

SUNYA was the ﬁrst SUNY campus to
fully fund and support NYPIRG many
years ago. Since that time NYPIRG has
grown to be a widely respected organiza-
tion that empowers students as citizens of
this state. If we vote against NYPIRG
now, we’re closing the door on ten years of
progress.

Arms freeze
VOTE YES

Referendum No.4 (Vote Yes or No)

“Should the United States negotiate a
mutually veriﬁable nuclear freeze with the
Soviet Union?"

The nuclear freeze referendum gives
students the opportunity to say “enough is
enough" to the arms race. in which we
spend billions of dollars on arms we dare
not use. Further. these billions are being
spent at a time when massive financial cuts
are being contemplated.

While it is highly unlikely that as a result
of a referendum at SUNYA the prospects
for a nuclear freeze will become brighter, it
is important that we add our voices to the
millions of Americans who have voted in
favor of the idea since I982.

While it would be comforting to forget
about much of the world that lies beyond
the lecture centers, it would be dangerous
to do so. This referendum provides us with
a chance to remember that world, and our
future. We should vote yes to try and hold
on to that future before it gets blown out
from under us.

NYPIRG's mandatory funding is that “it
should stay the way it is now," the en-
dorsement board had to enlighten him on
SA's procedure of mandatory funding.
Due to the need of explaining this issue to
Presbie, the board feels that this is a prime
example of his inexperience in dealing with
standard SA procedures.

When the highly charged issue of safety
was posed to Presbie he simply stated, “I
feel the campus is rather safe.” Yet.
Presbie does feel the need for an expansion
of the “Don‘t Walk Alone Escort Service"
through additional escorts situated on
various areas of the campus.

Presbie's stance on minority issues is
basically a positive one. He is a strong sup-
porter of the Affirmative Action point
system, and feels that the positions of both
the Minority Affairs Coordinator and the
Affirmative Action Coordinator should
stay in existence and should both be
stipended positions. However Presbie
stated that it is “not essential that the
Minority Affiars Coordinator and Afﬁr-
mative Action Coordinator be minority
students."

Greek letter organizations are
“beneficial because they increase school
spirit" and SA ‘ﬁshould take advantage of
that," said Presbie. He supports housing
on campus for the fraternities and
sororities “because you choose who you
live with anyway."

Upon reflection of his ideas and stan-
dings the endorsement board feels thai
Tihan Presbie is not yet ready to fit the
role of an SA Vice President. Although he
possesses good ideas which do deserve
merit. he was not definite about the chan-
nels he would use to implement them;
something we feel a Vice Presidential can-
didate should know. However, with a
greater knowledge of the Student Associa-
tion and. it's administrative functions.
Tihan Presbie could have proven to be an
effective ofﬁcer.

USE YOUR

Vote! w

 

 

 

