H Mm- _»-« mu.”-'~-.....—.u.vnmeku-wacct.mon...»..,.._..., ._.. ., .  ..L. . . ...    . .

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDAY, APRIL 12, I985 -
\- FRIDAY, APRIL 12, I985 Cl ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

 

McAllister traces Women ’s role in n‘on-ViOIence

-Al|iance which co-sponsored the event

By Doug Tuttle
STAFF WRITER
Speaking with a rage she said she has
grown to love, Pam McAllister, editor of
the book Reweaving the Web of Life:
Feminism and Non-Violence, discussed the
connection between feminism.
violence and women’s role in non-violence
and the peace movement March 28 in front
of a group of more than forty people.
McAllister traced the role of women in
non-violence from the time of Harriet

non- v

 

i

with the Non-Violence Project of the
Social Action Center in Albany.vsaid she
could relate to what McAllister said.

“i feel the rage she’s feeling." said
Williams. “it’s an overwhelming, on.
going. never ending rage —— rage for my
right to exist as a woman.”

McAllister. who entertained questions
from the audience after her talk, refused to

be interviewed afterwards, saying she felt

Pres. of Albany Young Democrats

may be impeached from position

By Beth Flnneran
STAFF WRITER

Some members of the Albany Young Democrats.
outraged at their president Andy Gelbman for using
the organization's name in a press conference op-
posing the New York Public lnterest Research
Group (NYPl R0). are considering impeaching him
from his position.

“I was very upset when l heard," said Tom

said.
' ' Gelbman also claimed ‘that the organization has
been active with approximately seven members
meeting about once a month and attributed
decreased membership to the lack of glamour of
post election work. “It's not exicting work," he
said.

Sandy Doorley. a Young Democrat member,
when asked whether or not there had been meetings
said. “absolutely not. There has not been one

 

3.

Eric K. Co land
ttomey, at aw *.
Practice Limited to

Immigration arid Nationality Law
and Labor Certifications

488 Broadway. Albany. NY 12207
(518) 434-0175 '

 

FLAHS

 

Tubman's involvement in the underground : “uncomfortable” and “nervous.” in. Gaveglia, a member of the group. “He certainly

railroad and Susan B. Anthony's fight for 1 stead, she responded to questions in does not have the right to‘ use the Young organizational meeting since November."  

womﬂm suffrage m the present. “Some I writing and mailed them to the'Albany Democrats’ name in opposition to NYPlRG. He “if he doeshave meetings they must be with his ’sm “mum SPECIALS -

of the greatest stories,” McAllister said. ‘ Student Press. didn’t ask the group how they felt on this issue," friends," she said. “He certainly hasn't called the ‘

“are those being written today." She. wrote that non-violence enables Gal/€858 Sﬂid- re“ 0fth group-n D°°rl°y asserted- .iPreCiSion Cut and  
feminists to see a “complicated truth," ‘ ' Gaveglia agreed, saying, “after the eicction...hc .' Men, 0, Ladies "

“We are in an exciting time," she said.

never called a meeting...and rarely before that." .

 

 

 

 

 

“More and more. women are getting I which they have had to embrace. “Possibl , we might want to impeach him,” he , .

together.qu dOing things its women." she I “Feminists resist and seek to change the said, addiii'g, “I would deﬁnintely support im- When asked about Gelbman’s effectiveness as  PERM"'&'&“""""$40'00 .

said citing action for peace and non- 1 system of male privilege but. at the same peaching him if he contiiiues to use our name." president, Manner said. “he had the potential, ' - “dudes cm a" W

“Olen” around “‘9 World- . Lima.th their fathers. sons. husbands, Joel Rothman, who'was nominated for Vice because people were psyched for what he was '  and up.
' . ‘ rot ers. and friends," explained President onoung Democrats, expressedasimiiar doing." 1 ~ - - - ' v

ACCOFdIPg '0 MCAlllSler. Women lOday MCAmSleI‘. view. “it’s unfair to use himself to speak as a “The ﬁrst couple of meetings the rooms were li—‘L‘dmﬂkﬂlm' mamcures' funds
are breaking new ground In the non- "Non-violence allows for such complex. uniﬁed voice for thegroup when there hasn’t beena packed,” explained Manner. admitting that I 650.“; P141“ .6 Center k Ma“ '
Violence movement. “The current feminist ity," She Wrote. “Non-violence can en. meeting to discuss the issue.” ' although they later got smaller and smaller, the peo- I SW73v 6668 C0101“ 3278 Malta“, 89 I
“l don’tthink there’s an organization to impeach ple were those who wanted to be active. “He didn't I 438' 459‘ t 37435

movement has become a wonderful new
laboratory, where non-violence is being

“Sled arid P115th i0 its limits." McAllister also expressed that she was
The reason for the connection between ' pleased with the event’s turnout. “There Patty Salkin, who was president of the organiza- off and then has the gall to use our name." SOME COURSES
feminism and non-Violence according to “m was a good spirit in the room," she wrote. tion last year. said She thought it was WW“! for “All 1 SW! WES self-inlefeSt." Romman Sﬁid- IMPROVE SCORES-
McAllislcp‘is the fact that both cause peo- ‘ I ' ‘ I “l was very pleased with the turnout, Gelbman to use the name of the Young Democrats. Gaveglia stated. “he was definitely a poor presi- we IMPROVE
Pam McAllister especially when i heard it was the night “You can still have personal views, but you dent: l’d move to impeach him."

pie to question things they might otherwise
take for granted.
“Feminism forces us to realize that we

  

 

 

 

McAllister discussed connections between feminism and non-violence.

compass and make sense of both our rage
and our vision of a life-affirming world.”

before your spring break."
Yvonne Dina. who attended the speech,

him anymore," he said. adding, “i wish there
was.”

shouldn’t mesh the two unless they're one and the
same." she said.

use his resources." Manner said.
According to Doorley, “he turned a lot of pepole

He added, “he (Gelbman) was using his title to
project his own views that do not necessarily reﬂect

L------------------------ .

 

r

   
  
 

sruoeurs. T00!

live in apatriarchy and makes us question “Clearly we are influenced by each the fact that she works at a rape crisis said she was pleased with McAllister’s Members also criticized Gelbman fer using the the views of the Young Democrats or .the ‘   ‘
that. .partriarchy." she said. “Both other," she said. “it is possible to revive center. “Everydayfl see how the patriar- presentation. “i felt affirmed," Dina said. name of the group because the SIOUP haw" met Democratic PartY- 1" rack 11 Vas‘ majority Of all“ m sun-s
feminism and non-violence lead us to qucs- another conscience." chy has distorted men’s lives so much that “it made me aware of the paternalistic since November. Democrats on campus are in favor of NYPIRG." V 1080081 m“ SCORE! .. “
tion the patriarchy‘s tradition of McAllister- cmicized the peace move. [hey are led to oppress women," she said. system we work in.” added S'ylvia Rieth, “l'm not too thrilled about Gelbman saying he is Gaveglia also stressed Gelbman's failure to put .  - PREPARE Fort: 5
violence: mem for being concerned only with “Whose world are we saving as we “and another member of‘the audience, president of something that doesn’t exist anymore. up, posters and banners, or to call members. “the E l ' " 
McAllister also spoke on the dangers of weapons while ignoring other pressing silent while women are raped and Roy Conners. who also attended the lec- said Jennifer Manner, a member of the SIOUP- Young Democrats cease to CXiSi in P3" because 0‘ . 
ture. said that although it's important to “Even if he was for NYPIRG. it's not right,” she him."  ,  LIVE CLASSES V . _

conformity. She cited “the power of set-
ting an example.“ ' in assuring the audience
that they can have a positive impact on
other people by asserting themselves
against oppression.

social problems. “Many feminists, in-
cluding myself. are leary of the peace
movement,” she said.

McAllister said that her view of
feminism and non-violence is affected by

beaten?” asked McAllister.

“l am an angry person,” she asserted.
“i am filled with rage when i think of the
threat of war and rape,” she said.

Judy Williams, co-chair of the Feminist

get together and discuss issues of non-
violence, “it should be more of joint ef-
fort, it should promote more incorpora-
tion with men," he said. '

‘5‘

 

SPRTS '
PRESENTS:

n,

*Prizes include Tickets to Rafters,
plus the Albany-Colonic Yankees*

sa funded

 

    

The 2nd Annual
Baseball Trivia Contest
Saturday, April 13th
7-9pm

 

EHBW

 

ﬁiﬂa

A'Woos

 
 

 

 

ESUNY!

 

 

EQUIPPED EXPRESS

16” large Chee$

EAT IN -
Till“: OUT .
DELIVERY

 

our RADIO DISPATCHED. OVEN

can have your PIZZA DELIVERED the
HOTTEST and the FASTEST

CALL OUR HOT [LINE

159-5959
with one Topping

14" Medium Cheese Pizza $2.25 new
 nustax

with one Topping

8mm was 1988 
NOT VALID WITH ANY OTHER DISCDUN‘I‘S

DELIVERY ’TRUCKS

 

Hm  ﬂuatax-
 duster:

   

 

 

.. inn“

-r it's been the policy of Young Democrats to leave man off the street, and that he understood the :
1: campus issues up to the individual students." he issue. [3 g  - ALBANY
 «amatmn.
.-_jree't alternation speeiAusrs;5iche rafae

/

added. ‘
Cielbman, however, said the Young Democrats
. still does exist. and that he did not intendvto speak
on behalf of the group. ‘
“1 stated my opinion as an individual," Gelbman
said, claiming that he did not intend to imply that
the Young Democrats held this position.

Gelbman, on the other hand, said, “there was a
very honest effort to publicize." '

He emphasized that there was no decision on the
part of the Young Democrats regarding NYPlRG.
He added, “l merely stated my position as a
credential." .

He said he wanted to show that he wasn't just a-

  
  
  

- TESTN-TAPE' LlBRARY
- REINFORCEMENT TEST
- HOMESTUDV PACKET
CLASSES STARTING
.ln pril '

 

Central Council gives STAFF mixed reviews

By Donna MacKenzle
STAFF WRITER

Students Against Forced Fun.
ding (STAFF) which opposes the
mandatory student funding of the
New York Public interest
Research Group (NYPIRG) lob
bled for Central Council's sup-
port nt Wednes-

d ‘ ht’s ”

miitiii.“ 1.... Central
met with mixed ' ‘
results.  .

C r a i g
Rucker, President of STAFF,
told Council, “we do not believe
that students should be forced to
fund a political organization
whose views on issues they may
not agree with."

“It is not the goal of our group
to kick NYPlRG off campus or
abridge its freedom of speech,"
Rueker said.

According to Central Council
member Gregg Rothschild, who
supports the funding of
NYPIRG. if the funds no longer
went to NYPIRG the group
would cease to exist.

Currently, NYPIRO receives 33
per student per semester through
Student Association's mandatory
student activity fee. A referen-

t dum on whether to continue fun-

ding NYPlRO will appear on the
SA election ballot. Students vote
on referendu ms every 2 years con-
cerning the funding of NYPlRO.
and on whether SA's student ac-
tivity\fee should be mandatory or
voluntary.

“STAFF ls clouding the issue

and confusing people." said SA ‘

President Rich Schaffer. STAFF
members are telling students that
they will save six dollars a year if
they oppose NYPlRG’s funding,
said Schaffer, but once an activity

,fee is set only Central Council can

decrease or increase it, he said.
The six dollars will go into SA’s
fund and Central» Council will
decide how to spend it, said
Schafferpif the moeny does not
go to NYPIRO. '

STAFF“: real goalie to go after
SA's mandatory activity fee. said
Schaffer. who added that there
are rumors ﬂying that STAFF is
trying to include the activity fee in
their legal suit against NYPlRO’s
funding. "They make my
stomach turn," he added.

Rothschild agreed with Schaf-
fer, adding that STAFF has ties
with the Republican party who
have “given money to groups
around the country to get ridof
mandatory fees." Republicans
feel that “SA funds leftist groups
and they don't like what
NYPlRO does." he said.

Central Council member John
Sayour supports STAFF because
NYPIRG students here in Albany
have no say in issues taken up by
the group. he asserted. "Deci-
sions are made by a Board of
students at the very top." said
Sayour.

“STAFF may go after SA and
SASU in the future, but [’11 fight
them then," Sayour said.

NYPIRO‘n Board of directors
is made up of student represen-
tative: from each member campus
and are elected by their student

body every year, said NYPlRG at
SUNYA co-chair Joe Hilbert.
Every student can attend their
meetings and are encouraged to
give their input, he added.
According to Schaffer, the ma-
jority of Central Council
members support NYPlRG’s

'funding.

Elections Commissions
Appointments

Central Council also appointed
two people to the Election Com-
mission for the remainder of the
1984-85 academic year. Tanya
Partee and Steven Keltz are the
two new members of the Elections
Commission. They were ap-
pointed by unanimous consent of
Council.

Council also increased the sti-
pend of Contact Ofﬁce Manager
Tim Hallock at its March 27
meeting. Hallock will now be paid
5|.300 and not $1,000. as
originally planned.

Hallock said he was asking for
the increase because “there has
been a large increase in business
this year and there is more for me
to do, especially with the creation
of the test bank." I

internal Affairs Chair Steve
Russo asked Hallock why he did
not come to them at the beginning
of the year. Hallock replied that
at that time he did not know that
business was going to increase so
much.

Academic Affairs Chair Mike
Miller said, “i am in favor of the
bill because the present stipend is

‘ I11?

 
  

 

 

 

 

EXPERIENCE

l_..l.ll. - c.w. POST...(5 I “299-243 I
I gtﬁtﬂwm‘” “d. £53.'£3m“m““..‘ia°°d‘£"
- Convenient location - lose than 25 miles tiom Manhattan. near beaches,
0 Breathtatdng beautltul coo-sen campus - residence halls.

restaurants. t tree. sports facilities.

i.i.u. - BRENTWOOD...(5!6)273-SIIZ

-Awtdemngeolundotgmduateend uateprograma.
-ConvententtoNasaluandSultctkrgtt.t‘em

I..|.ll. - SOUTHAMPTON...(5|6)283-4000
- 110 acre residential wnpue by the a“
-Sltuatedlnthommyeotonyottunoueutlctalndwnm
mate...“ “rename  are 1'

Mamummumwmmnumm-
LI.U.-C.W.  299-2431

           
         
     
     
   

 
  
   

 

 

, on Mt coupon
III-l.---------I III-I-5
l semen sessrousomce MEMMW ‘9
“mum '
I long Island University nun-m
I ' CW. Post Camps» I
! Ore-ovum“ m mm :
aim ‘05 Men to:
DQW. M
I 3W...  l
i "I
I can. sue. a..." grammars. E
5 Mt )—.——_——.————————— c '

‘o

“III-UH...-Ii-Ulul-I-I-iﬂn

 

