 

  
   

           
  
   
    
 

I

26  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1985

Annual wheelchair hockey game set for Friday

By Rachel Braslow
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Pandemonium may just break loose in
University Gym Friday night as the State
Quad staff take on the determined D-
Danes in the third annual wheelchair
hockey game at 7:30 pm.

What started out as an R.A. project two
years ago on State Quad has developed in-
to a rivalry. The State Quad staff, com-
prised of R.A.'s, S.A.’s, and directors,
will field a team of 30 able—bodied players.
The wheelchair team will be comprised of
17 players. both disabled and able-bodied
players.

Channel 6 will be taping either the Tues-
day or Wednesday practice session to
preview highlights of practices, prior to the
game.

Tickets can be purchased from the State
Quad staff before the game or at the door

m for two dollars. The profits will go

towards the purchase of a van for the
disabled. Promotional gifts from local
stores will be given as door prizes between
periods.

Guest announcer Rich Bogle will be
returning to announce the game.

Changes in the rules from last year in-
clude an extended crease for the goalie,
benefiting the goalie by alleviating traffic
in front of the net. There will be no off-
sides rule. in wheelchair hockey there is a
lot of checking and a lot more contact
when chairs collide. It is often difficult to
tell who scored.

"I think we can do pretty well, we have
a full team with no injuries,” said D-Dane
captain Rob Pipia. The disabled team will
spot ten returning players.

"In the long run it's all in fun, but it's a
vicious cycle, a family type thing. Once the
game starts all hell breakcs loose," said
R.A. DeWaync Chin.

Hopefully this year’s will not be typical

in terms of competition compared with the
past three years. The D-Danes hope to be
able to play teams outside the Albany area,
hockey being the most feasible sport for
the many quadraplegics at Albany. They
are trying to establish a combined team of
able and disabled players. Hofstra, and
lots of other schools have wheelchair
athletics.

“If we can do our part we want to be

recognized as any other school team." He
added, “It’s something the students work
at, work together on.”

Last year‘s attendance was only about
75 people. This year they are hoping for
steady support from the students, and the
exposure on Channel 6 will help.

“The main concern to broadcast for the

game is to give publicity," said R.A. Jim ‘

Barber.

Albany settles for ECACs

<27
record for career touchdowns in NCAA
history.

“We have played four emotional weeks
straight in must win situations," said
Ford. “Our offense is explosive, our
defense is tough. I see part of the probem
to be picking up the team a bit. We can go
9-2 and tie the number of most wins in a
season. We should also look at it as an op-
portunity to make a statement about
ourselves.”

“I’m glad we are playing another
game," said Donnelly. "I guess if you
don’t make the NCAAs, you can't say
you’re extremely happy about it.”

“Being a senior I'm just glad we have
another game," said Chris Haynor. “I
don‘t consider it a consolation game. We'll
be getting next year‘s season off to a good
start. The team with a positive attitude
walks away with a win starting off next
season."

Anderson agreed,"As far as I'm con-
cerned I’m happy to be playing. I can’t see
myself sitting on a couch right now. I‘m
looking forward to it."

Plymouth suffered its two losses to Mass
Maritime and AIC, the same team that
handed Ithaca its only loss. The New
Hampshire team reached the NCAAS last
season.

“A good strong game against

Plymouth, and Montclair beating Western
Connecticut will show that they (W.
Conn.) didn’t deserve it," said Donnelly.
“If that happens, maybe in future years
they will look at the schedules. Right now
the NCAA is forcing teams to play a weak
schedule. Maybe something good can
come out of this next year if the same
situation happens." ‘

He concluded, “I'd rather be playing

Barman

<Back Page

back of the room said it was official,
Western Connecticut had beaten Hofstra.
"Then", said Hameline, “Western Con-
neticut will go to the NCAAs and Albany
should get an ECAC bid." Sunday morn-
ing the NCAA committee voted the way
Hameline said they would.

In retrospect, one must say that the rain
turned out to be the Danes’ worst enemy.
Not the rain that fell on Staten Island
Saturday, but the downpour which came
from the Cortland sky four weeks ago
when the Danes lost to a team they were
superior to in talent. The wishbone of-
fense's success desperately depends on a
dry track. On October 16, their offense
drowned in the mud along with their
playoff chances.

After the Cortland debacle, the players
were told that they needed four straight

 

  
   
 
    
   
    
   
  
    
    
    
  
  
   

   
  
  
 

SOClFiL CHLENDHR

(fill Greeks and Greeks at heart are welcome
to torn the TEKES in their week-long celebration

 

The support of fraternities should also
increase the audience. Tickets will be
donated to the Veterans Administration
Hospital in hopes of reaching more
spectators.

The D-Danes hope to avenge last year’s
7-6 loss to the staff.

“It’s definitely. a friendly rivalry,

everyone has a really good time." said ‘

game participant Scott Steinacker. D

this type of schedule. At least we’ll have an
accomplishment at theend of the season.
You come off the field when you beat a
substantial team and you feel a lot better
than if you destroyed an RPI or a
Brockport.”

Even though they aren't in the NCAAs,
Saturday’s game may give the Danes a
chance to prove that maybe they should
have been. El

wins to even be considered. Four straight
victories is what they got, three by
shutouts.

It wasn't good enough for an NCAA
playoff berth according to the peculiar
standards set by the NCAA Football Com-
mittee. InstEad, the Danes recieved a hand-
shake, a pat on the back and a ECAC con-
solation game against Plymouth State.

The Danes deserve more than that.
Saturday, in sub-human weather condi-
tions. the mighty defense blanked one of
the best offenses in Division Ill. They end-
ed their regular season at 8-2, the best
regular season record since the NCAA
playoff year in 1977. Ford, his coaching
staff and the players should feel very pro-
ud of themselves today. Even the NCAA
committee can't take that feeling away
from them. D

   
  
 
  
 
   
 
  

 

   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUN MON TUES WED THURS FRI SAT
17 18 19 20 21 33 “mm”
. r TEKES TE“. m‘immn cc v» 23 TEKE
TEKE WEEK S COMING. —> colonial "0V." “‘9” “Drug? Scavenger Hunt
Chowup “1 (Plonml, let too people he at Brubacher 
Hamilton Pit Albeny'elut
U-Iaunua Perry
24 "is: man" 35 26 mi 27 28 29 30
o r , t
a: Mal TKE High! m” Dormitlow thPy Imam-Jo: m
("unarqu at sung" the gm‘mn to M323? om Tumgiiﬂm “mmwgs
(m (Met It‘s the last one
u. but in be mm

 

 

 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

  
 
   
   

 

  
  
 
  

   
    
  
    
  
  
 

 
  

  

By Marc Barman

CONTRIBUT 1N0 EDlmR ‘
All week, Albany State football

coach Bob Ford told reporters

how he feared playing Wagner on

a muddy field.It rained all day on

  
   
         
   
      
     
    
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
 
   
    
   
    
   
   
      
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
    
     
    
  
  
  
   
    
     
   
   
  

   

    

 

Staten Island, but as it turned out
the sloppy field conditions work-
ed to- the Albany State’s
advantage.

The Danes blanked
ranked Wagner 15-0,

11th-
as the

TUESDAY,’NO'V1'5MBER 19; 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS sports 27

Seahawks lay goose egg against Dane defense

Albany State defense contained
Wagner‘s star tailback Terry
Underwood (107 yards) and
pressured second-string freshman
quarterback Greg Kovar all day,
forcing him into throwing four in-

 

HOWARD TVOAR UPS

Albany quarterback Mlke Milano llres over the Hotstra pass rush. Milano accounted for 120 yards

terceptions. Albany’s 8-2 record
—- their best since I977 — wasn’t
good enough for an NCAA
playoff bid. Instead, the Danes
were selected to play in the ECAC
consolation game against
Plymouth State in New
Hampshire.

Kovar’s initiation into college
football life was an unkind one.
Starting in place of injured
quarter Jesse Foote, who had had
a knee operation on Wednesday,
Kovar completed 5 of 15 passes
and threw four complete passes to
Dane defenders.

Still, Wagner was the dominant
team in the ﬁrst half, picking up
131 of their 179 net rushing yards.
But the Danes defense stiffened
when it had to, and the game was
scoreless at the half.

“At halftime I thought the
game was going to be decided by a
field goal.” Ford said.

Wagner looked impressive in
their first drive of the game,
which started on the Seahawk 32.
Wagner reached the Albany 18.
mostly on Underwood runs, but
on fourth and two, the freshman
All-American candidate was stop-
ped at the line of scrimmage by
defensive tackle George
Iaccoboccio.

It was a scene that would be
repeated all afternoon. 0n third
and short, the Danes defense
toughened.

Wagner had a golden oppor-
tunity late in the first quarter
when Herb Bellamy, a Penn State

transfer, caught a “yard pass
along the sidelines for a first and
goal at the Albany six.

Enter cornerback Rick Kosak.
named ECAC defensive player of
the week. He nailed Underwood
for a six-yard loss. On the next
play, Kovar threw incomplete in
the end zone and the Seahawks
were called for offensive in-
terference. Tim O’Riordan came
up short on the first of his two
missed field goals.

Kosak continued his spec-
tacular day, recovering an Under-
wood fumble at the Albany 35,
and sacking Kovar on a key play
from the Albany 12 “the defense
plays like a team,” said the laid
back Kosak. “It’s all part of the
Purple Kingdom."

Wagner had a chance to break
the scoreless tie after Dane
quarterback Mike Milano fumbl-
ed at the Albany l5. But Kovar
promptly threw an end zone pass
that was intercepted by Wayne
Anderson.

Early in the second half, the
Danes got on the scoreboard
when the Huntington connection
connected. Milano hit his high
school teammate John Donnelly
for a 55-yard touchdown.

“It wasn't designed to be a
55-yard touchdown pass,” said
Donnelly. “I cut toward the
sidelines but I was covered, so
Mike pointed for me to break
downfield.”

The safeties were in the area,

25>

 

 
 
  
   

    
         
    
  
     
     
  
  
      
     
  
    

  
        
    
    
  
  
    

rushing and passing In the Danes 15-0 shutout of Wagner.

Women eagers fall to Canada ’3 McGill, 69-64

By Al Baker

The Albany State women’s basketball
team let a victory slip out of their grasp as
McGill State defeated the Danes in their
first exhibition game of the season 69-64.

The McGill team, traveling down from
Montreal, Canada to play several U.S.
basketball teams, faces Seton Hall on Fri-
day, Hofstra on Saturday and Division I
St. Peters on Sunday.

“Our schedule includes 10 games
against American opponents each year.
It‘s very good for the girls, and it’s also in-
teresting as we (in Canada) play with a
larger, regulation size basketball, while the
American girls use a smaller ball,” said
McGill head coach Hubert LaCroix. “ Our
Canadian games are also paced faster
because we play by International rules."

These differences seemed not to affect
the Canadian team, who last year finished
fifth among Canadian schools.

The only difference in this year’s team
was the loss of an All—Canadian senior.
This loss may have been negated by a
highly recruited freshman born in the
U.S., guard Janet Swords, Who played
well against Albany and according to
LaCroix “seems to fit into our quick
offense."

LaCroix also commented, “I was very
impressed by the people who hosted this
game. and by (Albany’s head) coach Mari
Warner. The people are very nice here and
have treated us exceedingly pleasantly.”

The Great Danes came out and looked
imposing in the first half. It appeared the
Danes would hand the McGill team, who
lost to the University of New Hampshire
the week before in their first game of the
U.S. tour, its second loss.

New Hampshire's 6'6" center and 6’4"
forward punished McGill under the
boards. but Albany is not as big up front:
nevertheless the Danes outrebounded
McGill 17-3 and allowed only 28 points in
the first half.

In second half. the full court pressure of
the McGill defense, employing a variety of

man to mans, run and jumps, and traps.
‘grew too much for Albany. McGilI’s three
6-footers hurt the Danes because of their
ability to play away from the hoop. and
their agility, which allowed McGill to
make the quick transition.

In the second half the Danes gave up 41
points, but stuck to their man to man
defense throughout.

Albany is strong at guard with senior
Rainny Lesane, a shifty player with good
ball control and quickness, who lives to
penetrate and can sink an off balance shot
or dish off to a teammate with a graceful
ease.

Joining Lesane att guard is point guard
Donna Hughes.

“Just coming off a hand injury, Donna
dealt with the pressure of McGill’s press
quite handily, and set up our offense very
good,.it was good experience for her,"
said Warner. Hughes ran through the press

well at times, but Albany had trouble fin-
ding an outlet when they had to halt their
dribble.

LaCroix explained his teams effec-
tiveness with its unwavering full-court
press. “We can't wait for people, we can't
sit back and wait for people to come to us,
we're always running, always gambling,
which means sometimes we can get burn-
ed, but usually we’re very effective.

“This was our first exhibition game, and
we showed some nice things and some
weaknesses," said Warner. “It was a time
for us to experiment and see who could do
what. Our passing was not too good, and
we had trouble with the press, but it was
mainly what I expected.

According to Warner, the defeat was
not a total loss.

“ It was an excellent experience as we
learned an awful lot, and it helped us
prepare for our opener against East Con-

Danes to face Plymouth State

1 Back Page

The disappointing news came on Sunday
morning.

“Because of our two losses. we weren't
chosen to the NCAAs," said Albany head
coach Bob Ford. “After the game
(Wagner), I just had this feeling. I've had a
lot of dissappointments in my life. I had a
feeling we weren’t going to make it. The
chips didn't fall in our favor."

“Personally, I don't think the best
teams are in the playoffs.”said
Milano.“Union, Western Connecticut and
Montclair shouln‘t be there. It should be
us, Kings Point, Wagner and Ithaca. I
think those were the four best teams. The
way they don’t consider the schedule you
play is a mistake in the system."

The Danes did everything in their power
to keep their losses to two, even beating
Wagner under poor weather conditions.
which, after the Cortland loss, didn’t seem
possible.

“I woke up on Saturday, and it was cold
tnd raw out,” said Ford. “Then after

breakfast, I went out to the bus and freez-
ing sleet was coming down. It was
horrible." _

'What did help Albany was the better
field conditions compared to Cortland.

“It‘s not so much‘the rain. Idon't want
you to think that Albany can only play in
70 degree sunshine for us to win, because
that's not true," said defensive back
Anderson. “It’s the ﬁeld conditions. At
Cortland, we played in soup. Have you
ever had Pop's pizza? Wagner's field was
in great condition compared to
Cortland's."

It still took Albany until the third
quarter to score. The first half was
dominated by Wagner, but the Danes'
defense somehow held them every time
they threatened to score.

“There’s no question that they
outplayed us in the first half,"said Ford.
“But the rubber band theory of defense.
bend but don't break. held out. We didn't
break to give up the touchdown.

Albany scored on the first possesion of

necticut,” said Warner. “We came out in
the beginning and got on top early, but we
were very tense, and we never relaxed,
never gained control of the game, but it
was a successful learning experience.”

Albany has a wealth of experience, and
10 players are returning. Only three seniors
were lost from last year‘s 23-4 team.

The most imminent challenge facing the
team is the Tip-Off Tournament in Eastern
Connecticut. where the team will also face
Columbia University and Salem State,
who made it to the second round of the
NCAA finals last year.

“This tournament will be tough, but
just as we did two years ago in the Manhat-
tanville Tournament when we were seeded
fourth and came in second, we want to
show again this year that we’re tough,
competitive and very serious, and we're
willing to work very hard," said captain
Lesane.

the second half. Milano hit Donnelly with
a 55 yard toss for the first touchdown.

“That big play that opened up the half
just let the air out of them," said Ander-
son. “Both teams knew the ﬁrst one to
score would win the game."

Three minutes later, Matt Karl in—
tercepted a pass by Wagner‘s freshman
quarterback Greg Kovar and returned it
for 23 yards. At the Wagner 9 Milano ran
for four yards. On third down, he pitched
to Caesar Revano,who ran it into the end
zone.

“We’re a very strong second half
team,"said Revano.“ln the ﬁrst half we
warmed up and made adjustments.

Now the Danes face Plymouthﬁtate on

Saturday in the ECACs, a 0 game
elimination tournament.
Playing for Plymouth is rum 3 back

Joe Dudek. the all-time leading I orcr in
the nation. 
"He’ll be a challenge for us as a defen~

sive group,” said Ford. Dudek holds the
28>

  
  

ﬂ

  

 
 

