 

 

6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDAY; OCTOBER 25, 1985

 

 

 

Community And Public
service Program
Sign-ll];

Oct.28~30 10-4
' Between LC 3 & 4

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IBM mainframe

<3
with members of other schools, Philippo said.
All of the colleges will belong to BIDNET, a
network of schools which is designed to exchange
information and allow students to work together
with other private and public colleges or to access
the wide variety of computers available at other
schools. Philippo said.
There is also the potential for inter-faculty
research through networks. “One of the side ef-
fects we hope that will come out of the change is

g--------------------------- joint projects between faculty members," said

 

 

 

I I Philippa.
I F : Several SUNY campuses expressed a desire to
I upgrade their computer facilities about three
: HA IRDESIGNERS : years ago. Hmmark said.

By purchasing more than one computer at a
I SUNY  SPEC‘ALS I time, SUNY will be able to make better use of the
I PI'QCISIOI'I CUE (ll'ld    I money which is allocated by the state legislature,
I Mens or Ladies I' Philippe said.
I   I The Computing Center will maintain the
I Includes cut and Ty I recently upgraded Sperry 1100/91 until January
I FROSTING S30 00 and up I 1989. At that time, all of the administrative needs
I “SK HBO”? ' I of the university will have already been
I R H “LIGHTING I transfered from the Sperry to the IBM, Hart-
l_ sculptured nails. tips. manlcures. facials I mark said“
I Plaza . “1:67 all I The Sperry will be in use for another three
I Stuyvesantbg Coloﬂle C28 Mohawk NE) I years in order to allow the IBM to become in-
I 438‘66 459‘32 374358 I tegrated in the university, especially with respect
I.-------------------------I to administrative services, Hartmark said.

‘ ONGT ONLY"

[¥.\ Clifﬁ'llili l K I l'.l Hill I .‘zi.\.‘.' I  .

     

  

ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW“!
PINK FLOYD THE WALMPO)

.F_R_I_i§ MIDNIGHT MADNESS T-SHIRTS

To The First 75 Patrons At Both Theatres in Costume!

LR_I_ZE§ GALORE FOR THE BEST COSTUMESI
SPECIAL GUEST D.].'s FROM WQBK—RADIO

TERROR IN THE AISLE“)
CLOCKWORK GRANGER)

 

  

 

  

 

 

~studunts-
SﬁVE 20 °lo ‘
on any of our
' SQFVI'CQS
(wrth VClllCi student ID)
EXPIRES 1.2i10l85

. {Not valid'WIth'any VOIth‘SP-‘QUOI'

. g v SHVE— $20.00 N. V ’
r ~ On Qurﬁll inclusive surly. Special
S, HMPOO. PERM, _CUT.
' conomonrlmsn
only 330(ra'g. $50)-
-Mast<2r'stylists in cutting. permlng'zi
W 'special effects '
. -prointments notyalways necessary
- Hcrylic nails by appointment

    

        
    
   

According to Hartmark. the Computing
Center plans to make other changes in the near
future. “The DEC has proven to be a popular
machine and we encourage its use," Hartmark
said, “but we are trying to get together a package
on campus to purchase a VAX [also produced by
DEC] to eventually replace the DEC-20."

The DEC-20 is the Computing Center's second
largest computer and was purchased about two
years ago.

Hartmark noted that the DEC-20 was purchas-
ed at a fifty percent discount and was “a good
financial deal.” However, he added, Digital
Equipment Corp. will only actively support the
machine for an additional three years.

The new IBM will initially suuport about 200
simultaneous users, as the Sperry does, but will
be upgraded in about one year to accept as many

' as 300 simultaneous users, Hartmark said. The

 

   

DEC can currently handle 90 users. he added.

The IBM will probably not beavailable to
students and faculty until January 1987, Hart-
mark said. The reason, he explained, is to allow
Computing Center staff to become‘fully familiar
with the computer and to ensure that th'é transfer
of administrative records is done efficiently and
accurately.

Although many decisions have yet to be made
concerning the purchase of software and other
options for the IBM, Hartmark said that “we
will have more software than we currently have." '
He added that a laser printer would also probably
be purchased, allowing users to have various
graphics capabilities.

Although students may be somewhat inconve-
nienced by the changes going on in the Computer
Center, Scott Kashen, President of ACM, the
University’s Computer club, said that students
will benefit in the long run. “We’ll have a much
more powerful machine and one with a better
name [IBM]. One that will hopefully reduce the
inefﬁciency of the Sperry,” he said.

But the beneﬁts most students will receive are
expected after graduation, Kashen said. “It [the
IBM] will giye Computer Science majors more
background in computers when they go looking
for a job. ' ’ Cl

Vendors

<3

groups couldn't work with individual sellers. “A
student should be able to go through a group and
give to the group a percentage [of the proﬁts], then
both benefit." he suggested. “Many groups with
small budgets may have trouble raising money.
Why can’t the chess club make some money this
way?"

He continued, “Everyone doesn’t have good
connections to get records for $2. There's no reason
why a group can‘t gain this benefit" from a private
vendor.

Under the current policy, that isn’t allowed, but
it happens anyway, according to Weinfeld. He said,
“Someone can go to a frat president and ask to use
the name and then take the profit. I know people
who’ve joined clubs so they can sell stuff. If you
don't have friends in high places, you can't do
that," he added. Cl

 

3 am - 4:30 am

CTOBER

Fri 25 Miracle Legion
Dirty Face

of New York '
lianpusrgnars '
1553 Control Rye.
Colonic, N Y ‘
869 6905
. luv-Thur 99
Fri 9-5 -
Sat 9-6
_'MC [1 v.50, g

with Gary Windo

 

REE R I D E !
Friday & Saturday
SUNVA chain (In lronl ol Administration cantor)

40:15 pm. ":45 pm. 1 am.
Drop oils It all locations

Sat 28 Roger Wilco & The Radio Waves
Thur 31 The Jailhouse Rockers

delays of "(teen mlnutua or so are possible

485-7285 or 188-3128

19 or older

 

 

 

V home."

 

 

 

 

  

MUSIC MISER

H UNIQUE REC ORD STORE
DECIDE WHETHER TO PURE I'lﬂSE 6N HLBUM MYOU HEHR IT
Buy an album for:56.50 We buy the album back for:$4.85 Your total cost:Sl .65

 
   
 

 

THPE SHLE
Maxcll XLll-90 $1.99
TDK 0-90 $1.29
TDK sn-9o Si .99

   
  
  

 

 

 

211 Ontario Street. Hlbony
I038-1111

 

 

"’I." " .‘ ‘ ’ ' ." I'rr:vns'r'v‘sssmwwv-vw

0 Oct. 22-21 While Supplies Lost Q

0

O O

O

 

....¢.srqrtv¢~..2..'

  

  
 

Open Noon - 8pm
Monday-Saturday
Cash Only

    
 

 

 

 
    

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1985 E] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

 

“Up untilnow I
never had the reliance
to participate” in

5 ‘ politics.
—- Helen DesFosses

 

 

Public Affairschair DesFosses
seeks work at different, ‘school’.

By Colleen Deslaurler ving as a member of the Board of Direc-
Running a campaign is hard work ad- tors at the Albany YWCA, Mercy House
mitted Helen DesFosses, who hopes to use and Albany County Youth Bureau.
her experience as chair of SUNYA's Public DesFosses is also the former chair of the
Affairs and Policy Department wisely as a Peace and Justice Committee of the
member of the Albany County School Roman Catholic Diocese in Albanyas well
Board. as a member of the Legal Redress Commit-
The School Board elections will be held tee of the Albany National Association for
NovemberSand are city- the Advancement of Colored People
wide, said DesFosses, F - d (NAACP).
adding Hi: .‘you never '1 ay “1 have positive energy - I am a realist,
realize how big the city is  but an optimist. I can keep groups moving
until you go door-to~ toward one goal and keep them en-
door." DesFosses said thusiastic along the way," asserted
she realized from campaigning that “a DesFosses. “I also feel I have the skills in
small number of people can swing anAelec- communication to help pull everything
tion. This makes each individual vote together," she added.

crucial." “I am also experienced in taking an idea
“There is an enormous challenge to. from conception and following it through

reach as many people as possible," to completion. This steady consistent ap-

DesFosses said. “I have realized the im- proach will be helpful to the school

portance of the organizing of volunteers," board,” she explained.

she added. DesFosses said there are several issues

From campaigning in every quad, han- she hopes to deal with if she is elected in-
ding out literature and shaking hundreds eluding increasing the number of high
of hands. DesFosses has met many school graduates to attend college and rais-
students who, contrary to statements that ing more revenues without'raising taxes.

All Legal Beverages Available

 

a N H PA“

1(«VA 2‘ Kim

for

NORTHEAST CONCERTS,
‘ Heavy Metal
Heaven and Stone Henge
Romantics Sr special guest Four Walls
Admission only $7
Monday. Oct 28

    

Tonight. Oct 25
Saturday. Oct 26

 

_ COREY HART
An Albany Tradition Continues:
BLOTTOWEEN

Starring: BLO'l'l‘O
COMMANDER CODY
ROOTIE TOOTIE
featuring [OHN TICHEY original member of LOST PLANET EARTH

and EDDY ANGEL.
BOVINE ’

 

ADMISSION ONLY $6
Tickets Also on Sale For:
The Alarm & Beat Rodeo Nov 1 Southside Johnny and the Jukes Nov 8
John Butcher Access Nov 7 The Hooters & the Outfield Nov29
Call for more info: 438-2519
Tickets on Sale at ]B‘s Theatre Ticket Outlets:

All Records and Such Drama Sound
All Strawberries Midland Records

35,9 Thea-lira

40 Russell Rd. .' Albany. NY - Located Behind Westgate Shopping Plaza
[Formerly "Wheels PIus"—-Turn at West-gate Sign!)
‘Sunday thru Thursday. Doors Open at 5:30 PM—
SHDW BEGINS 8 PM PRUMPTLY

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Friday 8 Saturday Doors Open at B PM—SHDW BEGINS 9:30 PRUMPTLYJ

 

 

have appeared in the press, she said are “I would also like to develop partner-

 

concerned about what happens in the ships between the University and corpora-
School Board race. tions on one hand and the Albany School

“The students want to be good system on the other,” said DesFosses, ad-
neighbors. Also, a large number of SUNY ding that there is already some “collabora-
graduates end up living here and are con‘ tion” between the SUNYA and Albany
cerned about the reputation of the school High School departments in languages and 7
system," said DesFosses. the arts.

“Being a political scientist, I have long But DesFosses said she feels the relation-
studied and taught how the American ship between the university and Albany
government works. However, up until now High School “could be greatly expanded."
I never had the chance to participate in it High school students could be encourages
first-hand," said DesFosses. ., to attend SUNYA’s football games and

“Many people have' expressed lots of college students should be encouraged to
concerns and goals for the city of Albany. do more tutoring at the high school, she
I want to be able to put these goals into ac- explained.
tion.” said DesFosses. adding “I care There should also be some sort of men-
about this city and want to make it my tor system between both,the athletes as
well as the minorities to increase the enroll-

As an active participant in community ment at SUNYA, said DesFosses.
affairs since she first moved here in 1978, “I also feel many corporations in the
DesFosses said she believes that she has Capital District can bring staff assistance,
both talent and experience to add to the computer equipment, and management
Albany School system. training in the school system. There are

DesFosses has displayed her leadership some cities‘ where companies have
abilities by chairing the Advisory Commit- ‘adopted' a school -- I would like to see

 

Warself  an
brown ‘ perfection. Calitodayl
Ask for Nexus Styling
green. HAIR DESIGNERS
434-3424 434-4344

 

tee for the Women’s Building Project, ser- this sort of thing occur," DesFosses said.
  "WheredldvounetthollnnT‘
You'll glow with healthy-looking color but without
enviable Inn Injurl 20 minutes per visit.
0
ur friends Pro ducts at:
’ .
Will tum NATURAL MOTION
219 Western Ave 321 Central Ave
ALBANY ALBANY

 

 

 

 

 

  

Halloween Night

October 3 1

6 pm. to 9 pm.

    
  

  

 

snclitnlscounuonsronlnoooom. .
ClOTHING I EQUIPMENT APPLY IF YOU
COME TO OUR PARTY IN...

o Dressed as u mountaineer ......................................... 16% on
o Riding a horse with a pumpkin on your hood ............. 28% on
a With hair in pigtth front tooth blodlod out .......... 6% on
it Waring long lohns only .-  -.................................. 14% on
t Wearing 0 Hubs not suit Hunt. in I Mark ........... 22% on

      
   
      

 

 
   
    

    
   

   
     
 
     
 

o lady in than short: and holler  . .. 14% on
o Man in short short: and halter. 2.0% m
a Clown ouliil with painted into . ..... 17% on ‘
It With log in cost   ................... 16% on
it With hair in curion  -  4% on
a Playing a fiddle. (Recordable Tunr‘  15% on

    
 

it With till oi body pointed orange and riding a goat . 35% on
o With gmn hair (no wig) .................... .............. 18% on
ﬁn. .dl L ALI ' "only 
t Dressed In bathing wit and I“ boott only 22% on
o Dressed in lullslti outfit including '

 
 

 

 
 

 

    
      
    
 

  
 
  
  

 
 

boots. goggles and hot .... . .. . mm 18% on
o Wearing I tophot and bllrlnl w makeup ........ .... 14% on
o Man dmtod to Indy  ...................... . 16% on

 
 

24% arr
 167""

o In in! or gown with till boon and goggle: 
o 0mm in palm 

   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

EXCEPTIONS Holtooodlodylonlymltattoou).... .........29°/om
u——_- 2'“: Win-1i -- ii Brendan baby in diapers with
ma“ '“ M“ '" lollypop, on roller tlrolu ...................................... 25% on
It You've Into Sports Got Into

Stuyvesant
Plaza , Albany
4 8-7 878

Rt. 9

 Latham

SPORTING soon: 7353 907 '

 
  

 

 

 

