 

10 Aspects on Tuesday _'>_ 7

Maillotbr

cadia came to Albany in the form of
A a small, blue-eyed author named An-
tonine Maillet (An-toe-neen Mah-
yeh). "Okay," you say, "so what's so
special about Acadia?" Maillot was award-
ed the Prix Concourt (France's equivalent
of a Pulitzer Prize) in in?“ for answering
just that question in her novel Pelagic-la-
Chorrette. Last Tuesday. in a talk at the
New York State Museum. Maillet discuss~
ed Pelagic, herself, and why she chose to
write about Acadia.
Keren Schlomy
The Acadians settled in North America
in loot They left Franc e during the peak
of its civilization, at the time oi Louis XIV,
but they were not aristocrats. 0n the cori-
trary, they "came lrom the people,”
Maillet said, "and the people are usually il-
literate." The Acadians settled in a part ot
Canada that changed rulers l-t times bet-
ween IOOJ and iTH until tinally the
English took it permanently. in l755 they
deported as many Aiailians as they could
and left them along our shores. During the
birth of our nation. l'elagie took her family
on the to year hike back up to Acadia.
Along the way. more and more of her
tellow Acadians joined her, so by the time
they reached Acadia. their was a rebirth of
their nation.
The talk/history lesson was accented by
a reunion of Maillet and a small handful or ~’
her close neighbors from her borne in iluc~

 

.' ‘,.-.._-...4.....,’._a.

 

touche. Some of the talk was exclusively in
French, and other parts had both languages
combined. Judging trom audience
response, there was a fair amount of
French speakers attending. The one thing
Maillet didn't do was the thing she was
originally scheduled for: a direct reading
lrom Pelagic. Why not? She didn't do her
own translating, and she doesn't like
"speaking someone else's words."

The Acadian people, of \\‘l1lt h Maillet is
one. share two unusual characteristic sale
first is that they speak a form of French
that hasn't been heard in Frame since
wor— "Royal French." That's kind of like

It

Actress Violn' Leger performs La
Slrgouine

 

i

 

WU ﬁgarnsr‘tha-Airﬁnrﬂoé‘ts‘» “ ' ‘ '

ings Aciadiaito‘ST NYA

finding a community today‘ speakng
Shakespearean English. The second
characteristic is that before Maillet, the
Acadians had no written language what-
soever! She is giving Acadia to the world in
a way that was never before possible. Of
her writing, Maillet has said, "Whether it is
good or not is not important, . . . it is uni-
que because it is making history."

Last Friday, April l2, and Saturday,

' April I], La Sagouine (Sah-gwin) was per-

formed by ‘actress Viola Leger at PAC. La
Sagouine. written in [970, brOught interna‘
tional fame for Maillet. it is a one woman

    

 

 

 

play about a sagouine, or washer-woman.
Through her, one sees the Acadian view of
the world in English and French
monologues. Of the hundred or so atten-
ding, only a few seemed to understand the
French. That was a bit of a loss for those of
us who didn't. '

Leger was marvelous. Her Acadian blue
eyes "from staring at the sea" and raspy
voice "from breathing salt water" were
complemented by her ragged clothing. No
fancy costume; these were clothes to scrub
floors in, and scrub floors shoidid for the
8i3th time playing La Sagouine. Perhaps
many "people of the land” or poor or older
people see the world like this sagouine.
"She doesn't accuse, she just bluntly states
things," says Leger. "She has nothing to
lose so she can say anything." And that’s
just what she does. -

And what of Antonina Maillet herself?
She was born in the early thirties and:
educated in Canada. She has written
creatively in standard French for most of
her life, and become director (editor) of her
college newspaper. At 22 she Wrote and
published her first novel. "i didn't know
they could refuse a text,“ she said. So by
the time she got her doctorate, she had
three books published. She spent some
years writing and teaching at the Universi-
ty of Montreal, but finally stopped
teaching and devoted herself fully to
writing. She has written [0 plays and 12
novels so far and will hopefully continue:
to make history through her literary talent.

:7 ...-'
l r

   

"5'3? '

, Monsanto,  
Apriizs,i.9as.   . . . ..

Dear Mom, I 4* . j .

Hi. School is fine and i hope things are ok with you. This letter l'm writing is a very
difficult one to write. l'm putting this in Writing cause l'm not sure face to face i can say
all of this. So l'm giving you this note and being here so we can talk.

When i look at‘myself and at the way you' think i am i see two different people. Over
the past years ['ve gone through a lot of turmoil in trying to find out who i am. Now
that know, l want to share myself with you.

What this is all leading up to is the fact that I am gay. After [6 years We accepted the
fact and I can only‘ask you to continue to accept‘me. While all the experts are arguing
why a person is gay or notfl can saijithout a doubt that We always been gay. And
don't you go blaming yourself. You did not cause me to be gay‘. just like you haven't
caused your daughters to be heterosexual. it is'just the way things are.

The reason why l’m telling you this is because you are very special to meand i want

      

 

 

you to know who your son is. i love you and i hope‘ that you can‘accept me for Who l‘ v ‘ “

am, but if you can't that's okay too. it won’t change the wayl feel for you.
i : - ' ' ‘ Love, .
Joe

 

/
2i)

‘1

V’ s"

 

     
   
     

I

 

II

////

.-’

 

- m.

15/-
i

‘r
7'

I
i.

     
     

  

W " i"‘¢i":z“ \
' In nus. ~ a \
WW5! \\\-
T‘H-t‘u‘. "~‘~
is.ch 
as.» aﬁh 2'

 
   
 

h.
‘1

"". , 3:21PM.

i. Nun's- ~.

 

  
 

.
«#th
may

I l

I y l ' . Ll. . ’
,ﬁ Our mvrsrble Town

invisible population

  

. . . .. . . .V. . . ,. l  .‘ . ._ 1_‘L’“|'~- .j. .‘n nenjr-Iuoqrui z e Vista-7‘7." NM, -‘s {a}:
. . , . . . a .. . ,

i

   

Aspects on Tuesday 11,

 

   

 

 

 

Dear Aunt Butch,

 

‘ Let/me say first that i am heterosex ual and have done a lot of work understanding the

. discrimination lesbians and gays face. Since becoming more sensitive to various gay

issues many of my friends that i never would have suspected were gay have come out to
me. I'm very glad they’ve felt comfortable enough to do so. My problem is an upcom-
ing dinner party. i want both my gay and straight friends to be at ease in the situation
but many of them don't know each other and won't know who's gay and who’s straight.

'Should i print their respective sexualities on their place cards? Is it more appropriate to

introduce them as gay or homosexual? Will the lesbians recognize each other by secret

handshakes and will the other guests feel left out?

' y
IDear Progressive,

Signed,
Progressive Yet Proper

Ah, the tangled concerns of mixed dinner party. Your idea of printing each guest's
sexuality on their place cards, well meaning as it may be, it is simply not done. it is

always a good rule of thumb to let your gay friends come out to others when they
ichoose to. As far as introducing them, again, His best to simply introduce them by

' name. The trick in this particular situation is to avoid heterosexism. Create a climate
x where heterosexuality is not assumed to be the one and only choice one could make.
5 When your guests stop making assumptions about each other‘s sexuality everyone will
' have a better time and no one will feel left out (unless the lesbians don't teach everyone

 

Ode to a

The Blue Flash Dance

Cockroach

Tom, a man; Helen, a cockroach

This scene takes place in a New York City apartment
on the lower East Side (perhaps in a loft).

Michelle .1. K rel]

Tom: (carefully avoiding a step) Sorry. Helen, i didn't
know you played hopscotch this time of night. I
Helen: (peeved) l was not playing hopscutch.

Tom: All right! All right. So you weren't playing
hopscotch.

Helen: And I really resent that Black Flag.

Tom: Alright! Alright! it was an accident. l thought it was
PAM.

Helen: (seriously) You could have killed me.

Tom: Now don't you think you're taking things a little too
far?

Helen: (angrily) A little too far? Perhaps we should talk
about your cooking? That lasagna was a science project in
carbon conversion.

Tom: Witty, aren‘t we?

Helen: l’ve survived long enough to have a wit and, yes.
folks. We lived to tell-

Tom: Cut the drama.

Helen; (sarcastic) Oh excuse me. lwill correct myself. You
have been trying to get rid of me for six months now,
haven't you?

Tom: (flustercd) Well, um, [-

Hclen: i know. This apartment isn't big enough for the
both of us and since i can't pay rent-

Tom: (guiltily) Cut it out,

Helen: (continuing) Because no one will hire someone
with six legs who happens to be of color-

Tom: (sincerely) Helen. please shut up.

Helen: (going on) Who’s had countless numbers of
children-

Tom: SHUT UP!

Helen: (still continuing) And never even had one abortion
even though

Tom: (sincerely) i think it’s time i put an end to' all of this.
Helen: (rambling) Even though (pauses suddenly) Huh?
Put an end to all of this?

Tom: l have no choice.

Helen: l'll leave peacefully, I promise.

Tom: NO. it will be better this way (raises his foot to
stump her)-

Heien: (frightened) Please don't l- (she raises her voice) i
have cousins in Hiroshima 100 times my sire. if you kill
me they’ll, I, Hi come back and haunt you for the rest of
your lifch (Tom smashes her).

Tom: (forlorn, .picks up roach with a paper towel, looks at
it. Throws it into the trash big. Walk out of the kitchen)
She had a face that launcth a thousand ships. , .(trash bag
hopscotches around the kitchen floor after Tom), l3

 

 

 

 

 

toes and thought to herself. "Why

won't anything go?" Onc's always
got plenty to think about, consider, but
toilets inspire blank minds and empty images. She began to
sing along with Carly Simon in her head, "Oh,_._Constipa-
tion...(da, di-da, dee-dum). Oh, Consti-pay-ay-shun (breath)
is making me wait..." and as time passed, a roach passed past
her toe.

Tom K acandes

They move so fast, she thought, and God, how l hate 'emi
With that her socked foot came down on its head -- and
after the pulse of revulsion (icky-pooh~fah) it was over. Her
mind turned to her fucked-up family and, yes, it seemed
that it had'been actively "fucked" somewhere along the line,
or several times, actually, and now they had all gotten very
good at making life miserable for one another. Outside help
was no longer necessary. "And Mom should become a pro-
fessional," she said aloud. "Hi! I'd like you to meet my

5 ; he sat on the toilet and stared at her

 

 

mother the professional asshole/defeatist/beast.” It was a.

joke, but she couldn't laugh. it hurt to say it. Both hands
came up to cover her pain~twisted face. eyes moist with nas-
cent tears.

Life is a heartless thing that smiles the more we hate it.

Car sounds streamed in the tiny bathroom window and
wrapped around her head. 'The cars in the street,’ she
thought. 'the people in the cars, the assholes among the peo-
ple, the assholes are the people. the people are my family,
those particular assholes, those yelling outside the window,
are, in fact, my family.’

Another roach...and...BAM! 'Fuck, now ill have to wash
my sock. No, Lord, please. i can see it now:

"Heyl Why are your socks all brown? What the hell have
you been doing?”

"I've been dancing on roaches, okay? it's like tap dancing,
but you hear ‘CRUNCH. CRUNCH' instead, and l hum 'La
Cucaracha' to myself. Hal"

"Fuck youngo wash your socks."

Yeah, nice mouth, Mom.’

Crazy thoughts of hate flashed by while she began an
angry cry with stomach tensed.

"Ahth i hate youi"

(some more roaches appear)

"You hurt me! He hurt youi l hurt you! And it's killing
me!"

(in the corners)

"Why are you like that, Mommy?"

(Now there are more)

When she finally cried. the pain seemed to break through
her chest. it came in a rush as she sat there bent over, clench-
ed fists beating on her knees.

(The roaches are piling up in the corners and some are Inov~
ing toward her)

"WHY HAVE YOU MADE ME LIKE THATlli"

 

The pulsing hate eventually made her tired and she gave
it up. -- A breath -- the hate was past. (The roaches were
coming) She wiped her red eyes with her fists and looked
down.

smart
as ,
go? A

They were all over the floor. lt.was amazing. She was

_ stunned, but not for long. "Ahth i hate them!" As she

began jumping on the roaches, fear quickly overtook her
anger, but she was stamping away all the same, all she
could. (And there was no time to understand) She stamped;
panting, stepping, stomping, dancing -- desperately. She
flung about furiously and now they were moving all over
the walls like a particle ooze. She slammed the door shut.
They quickly filled the tub-~each mindless pawn of a roach
climbing all over his fellows. Climbing all over her.

When the first few touched skin, she brushed7them off,
but they rose above her ankles and that was 'when she
started to scream. She'd probably killed a couple thousand
by stamping and slamming her hands against'thc door,
where they also were now. but there were hundreds of
thousands of roaches filling the one room. All over her. Oh,
God, they were all over her, and....

She flung about and swung around, moving as fast as she
could, jumping up and down, screaming the whole time.
(And there was nothing to be understood) They were up to
her neck. The roaches got in her mouth and that's when she
lost it; the feeling of six billion little feet on her skin, it was
too much.

She died of fear more than anything else. More than the
thousands of roach bites. She was screaming to the end, but
who would notice her screams in a house where everyone
was screaming, where every angry shout was killing 50~
meone, a little bit of someone (lied every time.

Her Mother opened the door and (POOFI) the roaches
disappeared like a photographer's blue flash. When her eyes
recovered, she looked down.

And her daughter was dead at her feet. E]

 

 

 

 

' the secret handshake).

 

' Sincerely,
Aunt Butch

 

of Our Town is well worth seeing.

Don’t go to a movie; walk on ovar to
the PAC and catch this bit of classic
American drama. it’s closeby, cheap, and
very well done.‘ The performance
showcases quite a number of the Depart-
ment’s fine actors who move with the
assurance of a good director's decisions,
while the welllexccuted technical elements
quietly reinforce the action.

T» he Theater Department's production ‘

 

 

Mark liis and Kim-n Sherman discover
love in illl‘ moonlight of Grover.»

. Corners.

Tom Kacdndes r

 

 

‘ Our PAC’S Our

Dubbed "America's favorite play", Our
Town sometimes seems lost‘ in the
mainstream these days, yet its simplicity
and earnest feeling lend an enduring
relevance to the work. The play demands
no scenery and very few props, making the
actors work that much harder to get the au-
dience to believe in their characters. This
was sometimes a problem for the student
cast, but never so disruptive that the next
well-acted line was lost because of an
earlier lapse.

Our Town which premiered in I938,
was both successful and innovative, winn.
‘ ing the Pulitzer Prize that year. A character
called the Stage Manager leads the au-
'dience through the play introducing
‘characters, cutting them off, announcing
intermissions, and pulling the curtain clos-
'ed behind her at the end. The Stage

' ',Manager must interact with the audience

on several different levels, making the part
a problematical one, yet crucial. Tradi-

. 'tionally, the part is played by a male actor.

Hanley cast a woman, Liane Abel. in the
role and the two worked out most of the
problems in adapting the part relatively

well. in general, Abel does a good job with _

a difficult part, but she seemed too distant
and stylized to really communicate
'without making the audience work to
maintain interest. This partly accounts for
the uncomfortable feeling of the first act,
though it also took a while' for the rest of
the cast to warm up. i
The real stars of the performance are
Mark Eis as young George Gibbs and
Karen Sherman as Emily Webb. Both acv
tors brought real verve to their parts and
the relationship between them was excep-
tionally well developed. Robert Cleary's
Mr. Webb was marked by consistency.
while l’alricia Buckley (Mrs. Webb), Mark
Heine (Doc (libbs), ludith Willoie (Mrs.
Gibbs), and especially Steven Solomon
. (Simon Stimson) and the convuu ing Karen
lidhl/ (Rein-i ca (iiblr’) all made the beat of

their moments at the fore.

The costumes, designed by Lynda
Salsbury in her last SUNYA performance,
were right on the mark: suggestiver
representational. Andi Lyons' lighting
design worked well throughout the play.
Bctwoen them, Lyons and Haniey have all
the pieces moving in a well directed

jdramatic concert both on stage and behind
the scenes, which is especially important in
a play like Our Town where the distinc-
' tions between on and off stage are blurred.
SUNYA's Our Town is successful in satis-
.' fying'all Wilder's demands. It works as a
' unit, and it's well worth your time. Cl

 

 

 

iCopperfield’s '

:schtick

avid Copperfield probably includes
Dstand-up comedian, illusionist,
showman, and dancer among the en-

'tries on his resume. Only illusionist
'deserves to be on his list. Master illusionist.

'Ian Spelling

 

 

1 Copperfield's hour and a half show at

Proctors last Thursday evening was an en-
joyable but oddly mixed presentation. The
man's forte is illusion. He is peerless in this
I field. However, much of the humor he at-
'tempted to incorporate into the show
seemed too obvious, too prepared. There
'was little wit to it; it was simply the line to
fsay, the face to make, or the reaction to
lshow. Anyone who has followed Copper-
lfield over the years accepts this. ,
‘ For example, Copperfield took advan-
ltage of the Chostbusters craze by using a
l machine he called a 'Duck-omatic by Ron-
co.‘ He placed a real duck inside, turned a
lcrank and out came a piece of cloth in the
shape of a duck. He opened the sides of the
box to reveal there was no duck. On one
of the box flaps was an insignia which ob-
viously meant ’Duckbusters.’ Later on in
the act Copperfield used a little kid from
the audience to show off his latest toy - a
l'Kidbuster.’ He received the desired reac-
ltion from the audience: laughter, but the
laughs were forced.

Copperfield attempts to do far too much
in an hour and a half. Although he does
have a knack for impromptu comedy, his
practiced routines leave much to be
ldesired. For a show which is basically in-
tended for younger audiences he also in-
corporates far too much sewal innuendo.
l'lowever. the bottom line is he pleased the
,crowd. put on a good show, and perform-
led a few neat tricks. If he slur l-. to lllll'ulun
however, he would probably gain a larger
following than he has now llis ‘-.. llllt k' in

 

his donniﬁl. L

 

 

 

