Nervvonxme

S'I'Ill. I'D COME IN THE
AMERICAN EXPRESS REAI. I.IFE PLANNER

in October. The American Express Real Life Planner will cover
the fine art of net working. and help you learn how to discreet-
ly look tor your second job while still gainfully employed on
your first; you’ll also pick up tips on working your way up the
ladder with the help of others in related iields. In November.
you'll learn more than you ever thought possible on the sub-
ject of office politics; learning what to wear. what to talk about
and where to sit (yes, where to sit) can often mean the dif-
ierence between a promotion and a dead end.
in our February 1986 installment, The Real Life Planner
will help you manage your money smartly and efficiently, so
much so that when it comes to March you'll have enough
loose change lying around you'll need our advice on invest-
ment opportunities tor the recent graduate. By April, you may
decide that the nine-to-live world is not the place for you. and
. . we'll take a broad look at continuing educa-
tion to help you plot a future course.
Stay with us through the next live issues
of Newsweek on Campus; they‘ll help
you deal with the most important issues of
your liie.

EDUCATION

Nugent took a total of eight structured
classes. Says Harmon Dunathon, Hamp-
shire’s dean of faculty, “We do not say to a
student, ‘You must do this, this and this.‘
We do not say you have to have 32 credits
in these areas." Inevitably. many new stu-
dents havc trouble adapting and end up
doing what has come to be known as
"creative ﬂoundering." Says Jim Manolis,
a second-year student in environmental
studies and environmental education, “It‘s
hard to ﬁgure out the system—how this
place works."

The college isn't as anarchic as it might
appear. Students must complete courses
and do a noncourse project in each of the
four schools; these are known as Division I
exams and are similar to distribution re-
quirements at other colleges. The Division
II requirement—a grouping of related aca-
demic work, both in and out of classes,
climaxing with a signiﬁcant project—
sembles a major, although it rarely con '
of courses in a single discipline. Second-
year student Sameer Aurora, for example,
did his “Div. II" on international econom-
ics and Third World development.

he climax of a Hampshire educa-

tion—and the ﬁnal ' tent for

graduation—is the Division Ill
“exam.” Students must complete what
amounts to an ambitious honors thesis.
usually focusing on a speciﬁc topic that
grows out oftheir Div. II studies. (It‘s also
the occasion for one of the few traditions
that the relatively young school has devel-
oped: students cclebrate the completion of
their Div. III by ringing a bell attached to
the library building.) Last spring Paul
Robbins rang the bell after completing his
comparative study of mitochondrial DNA
in different dog breeds. Stephen Hart satis-
ﬁed his Division III requirement through a

series of photographs ofthc Hispanic com- _

munity in nearby Holyoke.

And he never got a grade for it. Faculty ‘

believe—and students seem to agree—that
detailed. written evaluations give a better

[understanding of how well a student has é
performed. “1 know so much more about ‘

what I'm doin says Lila Hurwitz, a

third-year dance student. "I know what 1 .

did really well and what i could have done

better." While evaluations help students ‘

focus more on learning for its own sake,
they take some getting used to. “I miss

grades.“ .‘ ' Jennifer Vest. now in her i

third year. “You don’t know where you ﬁt
in.“ The lack of grades, coupled with the

highly speciﬁc. tailored nature of most '

programs, makes Hampshire seem very
much like a graduate school.

Ironically for a campus that some
outsiders regard as frivolous, Hampshire

rarely cuts loose . cially. I"l‘he whole"
idea of this place . that you're respon- ‘
sible for your education," says l'lurwnz, ‘

“and if you go ollt and get drunk every

NEWSWEEK UN CAMl’US/SISI’TEMHISR I‘ltlS

v;

j“ When we left'tlte mountain
~ it. looked unchanged.__No difference; ‘
 _  None o'qu could say the same - I

about ourselves. ?’

Al'hltwanl Iﬁountl' it'snol .
just what you (to. hul'how
you feel about it ultcrwurtls .
that counts;. . -'
_ ()ureourscsarc tough—ttn-y‘rc

incant to tic—hut not beyond the .

- roach olunyonc who tries: ~ I
'l'lu-y‘rc lun. And sale as human

_ ingenuityinicl.0x1)crii'lictj can
make them. ' i

[\i Outward Bound we touch”

you outdoor skills. From rot-k
'(‘liinhingto canouing. lint w
also sonwthing’ol a’t'ouris‘cin' “
st-ll~r't'-Iiuiicc in i'olirsv in st-ll- .
h-linut't- whorl-yon also have to
learn to trust Iln'yroup l. ' ‘

M ‘r  .;
HullLII In (IH‘VUU lolli'x IIIII [Iii-n-
l/iuilryou «gully/u /I ll illii’”

UlllW-‘IHI llonml will no! lt-ui'h "

you mine a man. Nearly hall the
students, tor olnﬁurc woincn.
l-‘rw are really athletes. Lots ill't'
Over thirty. What you llt't,‘(i is a hit
of pluck. and lhcyt-n tin-slit‘ntl
some time in sonn- oi this coon—V
lry's inos‘t spectttclllar settings.

» ' Everyone bring. s thing '

. ‘(liiit‘l‘t‘lli to (lutwarcl‘lhalnd and
takes some-thing.different away.
liut whatcvcryourexperience:-’
we. goat'antce it won't his“ trivial.

WOutward Beundl. :- 
st‘l“"r5¢. For lllilllltlillil)ll'flllti lur'ovliu'rm '

 - ‘ ’ 800-243-8520

s.‘

tlutunrilJloiuul  .i llilllptilili. nonilw H'nnu‘nloiv (ll'uilljililllllll. Uiituhntl Hounil Ntituonul l tili‘r-‘o. Elli-l l-‘iold l'uiu‘t llth ('iti‘t‘ti‘tldL ("T W333“-

 

