 

 

4a Aspects on Tuesday -I .

. m...~....,._~ .....,...._,,y,..r_ 

   

 

Targeting Johns

, "Johns is not usually thought of as a figurative artist. He
is probably more well-known for his ’numerological
figures’ rather than human figures," stated Art History Pro-
fessor Roberta Bernstein in a slide talk entitled "Jasper
Johns: Body Fragments" given in the Humanities loung a
few weeks ago. The presentation was attended by an in-
terested group of 30 people in Progress series sponsored
by the Center for Humanities.

Johns is best known for his paintings of American flags,
targets and overlapping letters and numerals. Bernstein
focuses on Johns‘ use of casts of body parts in his work.
The casts appear in compartments built above the targets.
and in other works, an arm cast may be strangely juxtapos-
ed with numbers or abstract cross-hatching patterns.

Johns employs a variety of these body parts in his work
including eyeless faces, breasts, partial torsos, penises and
hands. The most commonly portrayed parts being disem-
bodied arms and legs. in his "Target With Four
Faces"(l955), four eyeless faces appear in separated com-
partments above a target. The bulls-eye substitutes for the
missing eyes which makes the veiwer feel uneasy and

 

George and lasper ‘

vunerable.‘ Another recurring theme is the presence of an
upside-down seated figure on the upper part of the canvas,
usually indicated by the chair and leg casts. The effect of
this is also unsettling to the viewer. Body parts are objec-
tified in a surrealist fashion, inﬂuenced by Magritte as well
as such Dada influences as Marcel Duchamp.

Johns makes life-size casts of the parts, which are then
hung or placed on the canvas. "Johns himself
acknowledges the impossibility of eliminating the disturb-
ing effect of seeing the human body in fragments,“ accor-
ding to Professor Bernstein. He is objectifying the parts
while using them for expression.

Professor Bernstein recently finished a book, which
came out last week, entitled, lasper Iohns’ Paintings and
Sculptures (954-1974: "The Changing Focus of the Eye”.
Additionally, she has had many articles pubished. one of
which is in this month's Arts Magazine on the artist
Marisol.

by Ront Ginsberg

 

 

 

 

 

I 'March 2.6, 1985

 

 

 

George Thorogood and the

Don’t miss. . .

Pulitzer Prize winning poet Gary
Snyder will speak on “Zen and
Poetry" this Thursday afternoon
at 1:30 PM in the PAC Recital
Hall.

 

On Tuesday April 2, the band
Suicidal Tendencies will be
featured in a show with No Milk
on Tuesdays and Capitle at the
Post 10w VFW hall (481
Washington Ave, between Quail
and Lake)‘ ShOW will run from
7:00 PM to 11:15 PM. Tickets are
$6.00. More info call Dave:
465-9475.

 

 

Absolutely don‘t miss Choose Me, a'

very funny sex comedy now playing at
the Spectrum Theatre:(449-8995, 290
Delaware Ave, $2.75 MD). The film
stars Keith Carradine, Genevieve Bujold,
and Lesley Ann Warren, and was
directed by Alan Rudolph. Carradine

plays one of the coolest characters since "

James Dean to perfection and Warren is
at her best in years. It may not be around
after vacation, so.  :. .

 

Destroyers will featured in a "rock and
roll dance party” (i.e. no seats) with
special guests NRBQ on April 17 at 8:00
PM in the RH Fieldhouse. Tickets are
available at all Ticketrons, the
Fieldhouse, and CBO’s. The show may
be sold out by the time we get back from
vacation, so don't say nobody warned
you.

 

g also beifilms E

  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

~ Jasper Johns Target With Four Finn

' - Nuclear holocaust, is the subject of the
exhibition entitled Disarming Images: Art
for Nuclear Disarmament at the New York
State Museum. .
The art exhibit includes fortyvfive works
by major contemporary artists including
Red Grooms. Claes Oldenburg, Barbara
Kruger. Robert Morris, Laurie Anderson,
andRobert Rauschenberg. in addition‘to
the art exhibit, there will also be related
programs such as a family workshop and a
forum and discussion. The first program
will be the opening reception this coming
Saturday. Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Gary
Snyder,. along with other area poets will
read works related to the'nuclear issue;

During the course " of ‘the Lekhibitibn,
whiehgcan bes‘e‘en‘until June‘ 1,} there will
‘  n‘wttlbh-{inciude The
uremia-care; Krieé undfriedeWar and

Peace, graph Strange/ave. '

 

 

 

 

m

 

'a"fi
J .'
. 5.)?

  

For,  ‘r'e‘liuformation, call 474-587l’.
“It .. ‘- "' i ‘ ‘

 

UNIVERSITY '
CINEMAS

Cautions you to Bwure!
It's coming...

Thursday. Fipril 1 1th

  

 

 

 

‘1 @ﬁﬁoeﬂt @[t tithe
 Minnow
Toneoes

 

 

LC 18

 

-Shows-
7:30 El 10:00

SA Funded

(The RPI-UPAC Concert BOard is '

Proud to Present

A Special Evening With '

 

 

Al Di Meola
Airto Moreira and '
Phil Markowitz

 
   

 

 

 

Solo Acoustic Guitar and
Trio Performances at
The Troy Savings Bank

Music Hall .
Sat. March 30,1985 at 8 pm.
Tickets are $8.00
Tickets go on sale
Wed: March 13 at CBO's or
Troy Music Hall Box Office.

For info. call 266-8585

 
 
 
  

 

 

 

