 

  

Albany State. in its ﬁrst ever inter-
collegiate ski competition, came away with
a win, defeating fifteen Division 11
schools, at the Toggenburg ski area.

Albany was represented by a men's team
consisting of Adam Margolin (captain).
Eddie Levine (co-captain) and John Ker-
shko. With only three competitors.( five
racers make a full team), Albany State
managed to rack up 74 team points. a high
standard for full teams.

Levine was clearly the star of the meet.
punching through the gates taking ﬁrst in
the men’s slalom with 41.64 seconds and
41.56 seconds, combined 83.2 seconds,
and fourth in the giant slalom. “I felt okay
but I still need some work,"said Levine.

The giant slalom event was held late due

to timing problems. As a result the seventy

three men racers skied in the dark on a
poorly lit trail. In addition a squall line
passed over the mountain creating blizzard
conditions with 40 foot Visibility.

“I couldn’t see the course, all I could
make out were the ﬂapping flags on the

 

 

 

 

COURTESY or sum MANDOLIN
Jeremy Flatow tries the slopes at
Toggenburg.

Men tracksters stunned by RPI

By Ian Clements
STAFF WRITER

The Albany-RPI men's indoor track
dual meet has traditionally been a
nailbiter. There used to be another tradi-
tion: an Albany win. The Engineers broke
that tradition Saturday at their track as
they defeated the‘ Danes 7363 in a typical-
ly exciting battle.

It was the first Albany loss in eight dual
meets against RPI. The Danes’ dual meet
record fell to 0-3.

“It looks as though we’re going to have
a losing season." said Coach Bob Munsey.
To break .500 Albany mttst win all five of
its remaining dual meets.

Albany could have tied the meet by win-
ning the lust event. the 4x400 meter relay.
but the Danes were 10 yards back at the
first hand-off and never got closer.

Though 'Munsey said, “It was not a
great day for the Purple." there‘were some
fine early-season performances by the
Danes.

All-American Marc Mercurio extended
his own school record in the 35-pound
weight throw for the second consecutive
week.’ Hp he‘aved the ball~and-ha‘ndle 53'
9.5”. ‘ ‘ '

national championship qualifying stan;

dard. but ,both Mercurio and Munsey said ‘

he must tllrow even further to guarantee a"
spot in.tht:"12-man, field at the nationals.

Frcshm'hnCurtchdmanhnd hissccondalcond In the 50-meter high .Ohurdles. '

v

Afalo. however the team was unable to

  

The 1055 was nearly four feet over the V

r

.1  sports" ALBANY STUDENT mass {:1 FRIDAY, reason {3, I985"

Ski team impressiveon 'Togge‘nb‘u  lePé-Sr

gates." panted Levine as he waited to hear .
his time. >
Margolin had an up and down day on
the courses. no pun intended. You might
say. his ﬁrst run in the slalom went clean,
placing him mid-pack. On his second run

 

 

I of the men did not finishand a few women
were disqualiﬁed for missing gates. Levine
was the'team's strongestperformer. taking
fourth in the slalom. M. j . '

The team is a member of manor.
' '-  217'» J

Levine.Margolin, John Reavis, Tom Irvin
and Joe Sangaline. The women’s team was
comprised of Hulse‘.~ Carrie Lamatie.
Carolyn Bates. Doreen Mulligan, and
Susan Zwicker. I

The team had their problems'as‘ several

 

however. he blew out catching his left ski
tip on a gate sending him hurdling through
the air and tumbling 30 yards down the
mountain.

“It’s too bad they don’t give points for
wipe outs. quipped Margolin. “ I've been
told it was a solid 8%. blood would have
made it a 9." In the giant slalom, Margoiin
took a respectable tenth.

John Kershko also had mixed results. In
his second slalom run, Kershko missed a
gate and was disqualiﬁed. In the giant ‘
slalom. he did pretty well. ﬁnishing 32nd
out of the 73 competitors. ‘

On January 26 a meet was held inBuf-

attend.

“We really wanted to be there." said
Margolin.“ but we simply don't have the
money.” He added: “The Student!
Association has been very generous in ap-l
propriating the team $280. However} entry 5
fees to the four meets alone costs 31,000
plus transportation and lodging. You can
easily see why we decided not to go to Buf-
falo. It’s unfortunate though, since we've
missed a meet we’re no longer eligible for
the championships in Pennsylvania." ~

The team practices off snow, around
campus. on Mondays, Thursdays. and
Fridays and travels to Jimney mountain on
Wednesday nights. ‘

Around campus you might see them in
purple ski team sweatshirts running the
perimeter or hopping up the tower stepson
one leg. Sometimes pretending to be a
chair with backs against ‘ the wall. a
favorite of team member Wendy Mul'se.
0N Febuary 3. the ski club was back at
Toggenburg racing with a full ten com-
petitors. The men's team included;l

Dana Melvin was second in an identical
time. ‘

Pat Saccocio and Clinton Bell went 1-3
in the 500 meter dash. clocking 1:O9.7 and
1210.6 respectively. Bell said he was sur-
prised that he had been entered In a dash.
“My best event is the 800 (meter run) or
the 1500 (meter run)." he said. ‘

Before the 3000 meter run. sophomore
Timothy Hoff wondered whether he was
sick. “I feel like I‘m coming down with
something." he said. “But,” he added, “it
will not stop me.”

He was healthy enough to win in 9:12.4.
Ed McGill. who placed second in 9:112. .
spent most of the race watching the run-
ners behind him or encouraging Hoff.

Peart beat Albany's John Reilly ‘in the
400-meter dash for his second win of the
afternoon. Peart's time was 53.3, while
Reilly ran 53.7.

RPI had another double winner in All.
American Scott LeMay. He edged team-
mate Steve Zen in the l.000~meter run.
The Dancs' Tom Kaeandes was third in
2:40.

Earlier. LeMay had rttn 4:04.7 to beat
McGill (2nd._4:06.5) and John Glaser (3rd.
4:17) in the MOO-meter run. .

The 1 Purple also. finished 2-3 in the
800-meter run. Freshman .Pedrp Valeria
ran 2:04. while classmate Craig Barbieri
was a second behind. -

Bruce Van Tassel’s 7.5 was good for se-

impressive'pole vault performance in as nlircshman Mike Bivozl was third.

many weeks. as he again cleared 13' 6".

Wiedmim won the “Red Feather."
which Munsey gives to the outstanding
Albany athlete of each indoor meet.

Tri-cnptnin Paul Mnnce missed a double
win in the horizontal jumps by one inch.
He won the "triple" with a hop—step-und-
jutnp of 42’ 4.5”. but was edged by Rl’l’s
I’anl Penn in the “long”. Muncc soured
20’ 8" in the long jtimp.

In his first meet 01' the season. Mike Rig-
gins won the 45 meter dash in 5.6 seconds.

The 4x800~metcr relay team (Charles
Tuna. Dave Blette. Valerio and Kacandes)
won in 8:23.

Munscy said he was disappointed by the

times of both the 4x800 and 4x400 teams. . '1 I.
but he expected them to improve greatly '

“in a couple of weeks." ‘
The remaining field event Scorers were
Mercurlo. second in the shot put. Bob

, tittluchtmdron, third in the long jump. Pat -

l)owllng..third in the pole vault and
17>

' By Mike Skolnlck
STAFF WRITER

I 76-66 at the Union College Memorial ,

' ' » . I ,
JV Danes back on the right track
Albany kept hitting the important free . '
throws down the stretch. '.
“They tried to come back by fouling,
us. but we were tough from the line
tonight." said guardJohn Burns.
The Danes were led in rebounding by I; '
' Axelrod. who grabbed 12 rebounds. and
Kee. who snared four caroms off of th
offensive glass. _ '
Despite the win. Boland was able to
point out a weakness on defense. “We .
kept giving up open jump shots to
‘ Union. and we were burned at least four .
. different times." 5 T
The much-needed win raised the

Albany State's junior varsity basket«
ball team. coming off a thrashing at the
hands of Hudson Valley, went to Union
needing a win badly. They didn’t come
away disappointed as the Danes came
back from a nine point deficit. playing a
solid'second half, to beat the Dutchmen

Field House.- ,. ‘ . _ ,~

The keys to the victory were a solid V
pressure defense which 1 cut. - the nine
point Union lead to two at halftime and
a patient offense in which the Danes

 

Danes’ record to 9-6 going into last

night's game against Army, a squad

which lost to Hudson Valley by two

points. .

Tomorrow night is a playback game

for the Danes as they take on Oneonta

‘ at University Gym. Albany is looking to

avenge a one point loss at Oneonta. a

- game Boland says the Danes let slip
away. ' '

were able to feed the ball inside to Tom'
McGuire, Brett Axeirod and Jeff Kee.~
McGuire was the most effective of the

threesome scoring 22 points on 9 of 11

shooting from the floor and hitting four'
out of ﬁve free throws. Another element

that was critical to the wi was theypla'y

of guard Charles “Freeze” Storey. who

had‘seven steals and 11 points.

“Freeze played under cohtrol.’
organized the offense really well and . Also ahead on the schedule for the
played a good defensive game." said Danes is two games against Junior Col-'
Head Coach Jim Roland. - ~ g lege of Albany. who defeated Hudson

The Dane defense, which had played Valley earlier this season.- '
sub-par in the Hudson Valley game. re- “We'vebeen working hard all season
bounded and played one of their better and the guys are showing a lot of heart.
games all season. » ." Now it’s up_to us to turn that hard work

“We beat them off the boards an and heart into wins." said Boland.
that was the key to the game," expiain- RIM NOTES: Tony Dickens has joined 
ed Boland. D  the varsity squad . . .The upcoming

Another area where the Danes had game starts a three-game home stand

El

 

 

been lacking Was in foul shooting. but ' tomorrow night.

 

 

 

  
  
   
  

vwél'

 

'_7,Prcscnts*

V ‘ volcn'tine'sBalloon-mm»4  '8' " '
.1.E.s._t>9;iolly_ For .You. Gift BOX;  s; 3 '
' 3‘ foot myldr .(C’hoircgvofllii ’ _ ._
'B‘diloon‘sﬂodquct   -   

. ' “J

 ,. mﬁ‘I‘lI'P‘ricvcr include Dcli’Véry'ohfFeb. ' I4rhﬂ.  V  4.

I ‘ V 4 totnot orients Shct'tnon'..:iﬁlhuny‘ ,‘
f-  H bomb. aim is W "e-Tedd'yll'Bédir "can"??? 7 I W
, :‘dclivcr‘éd.W/rfryour. giruar an additional;

1"

 

Record now '1’ 7-2 ‘

By eathyemg I ‘ ‘

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT ‘  ‘ I.
In. coach Joe ,DeM , ’5 ,opinion. there

was no eitcuse for the Albany State gratin;
plers'-_:30—13 loss to» Springﬁeld College ‘

Wednesday night. ' .

“I definitely felt we‘lshould have won g

that,match." said DeMeo. "more after
having seen them wrestle. We just didn’t

wrestle well." -

DeMeo’s comment was provoked by the
fact that the match between the Dane grap-
piers,‘ ranked ninth in Div. III, and Spr-
ingﬁeld, rank'ed seventh in Div. II. was ac-
tually much closer than the ﬁnal score
indicates. 'y ‘

The match began in the usual way for
Albany. With All-Americans Shawn

‘ Sheldon and Dave Averill winningthe 118

and 126 lb. weight classesuFor Sheldon.
who won his match- against Springfield's
Chris Perry by technical superiority. it was
his 19th straight win of the season. For
NCAA champion Averill, the win extend-

ed his streak to 19 as well, and made him . .l

the new record holder for the most career
wins for an Albany State wrestler. He now
has 65. '

“I feel great about the win." said
Averill. “I just wish it could havecome
during a team win. That takes a lot out of
it "

Albany forfeited the 134 pound class.
sensing that Springﬁeld's Pat Hughes,
who boasts a 20-0 record. would give John
Balog more trouble than would their 142
pound competitor. With Balog leading 5-4
toward the end of the ﬁnal period. it ap-
peared asthough Albany’s strategy would
pay otthowever, the referee called Balog
for stalling. awarding Springﬁeld a tying
point. 1 . .

Balog was not in agreement with the

.4”,

 

srxrr warren: ~. ' f . . -

This past Wednesday night. the Albany
men’s swimming team swam hard. but lost
70-43 to Division I Vermont.

“We thought we were going to get
blown out of the pool. but We managed to
keep it somewhat close." said sophomore.
Doug Ketterer.

Ketterer had a phenomenal night. He
had his career's best time of 1:06 in the
lOO-yard breaststroke. .

“it’s about time." commented Ketterer.
This meet and from now on when we start
tapering. the times should start dropping a
lot." » ‘ ’ .

Ketterer attributes these faster timesto
first year coach; Dave Turnage.-“Guys
who have kicked-out in high school‘seem
to be doing muchbetter, which‘can be ac-
credited to coach Turnage:" ‘ ‘.;'."“ "

Another sophomore. Marc Lebowitz

also had a terrific night. He; swanrthe

50-yard freestyle with a fine time of.24.'2.‘v‘
This was a career high-for Lebowitz. .He
just missed qualifying for the States; by a
mere. tenth ’of a second-but Lebowltz is.
confident for the next meet. ~ '

“1 look forward to dropping t'tty time to

qualify for the State‘e'egalmt Binghamton-v

this Saturday. I think lt‘wlli be a'close
meet. but! think we will win 1t.”'added an
optimistic Lebowltz. " . ' ‘

Fred Greenbaurn, a determined swim-
mer. had a great night against Vermont.‘
He swam the ZOO-yard freestyle pulling an
impressive time of 1:50.4. This was his best
time of the year. He also had a :49.6 In the
lOO-yard freestyle. another terriﬁc time for
Greenbaum.

A pleased Coach Turnage felt that
Grecnbatim looked ~ good Wednesday
night. ‘ i * ,

Rich Vonderlieth had a big night, in the
500- yurd freestyle he had a‘ time of5:29.5.
which was a season's best forhlm.

 

 

_ until the end of, the ﬁnal period. With 20

 

 

   

 

Mart Pldel wee'deleeted In the final 20
The anee lost the contest. 30-13.

call.

said Balog.

At 150'. Jim Fox was defeated by Spr-
ingﬁeld's Kevin Castagnola. Fox is still
recovering from a neck injury.

Albany won the 158 pound match with
Andy Seras, winning a tough decision off
Springﬁeld captain Rich White. Seras
joins Sheldon and Averill with a 19«match
winning streak. .

That was the last bright spot for the
Dane grapplers. Marty ,Pidel, 167 pounds.
was tied with Springfield's Dick Moreau

the tinie I wanted." said Venderl_ieth'.~'.‘ 1
Jeff Kennedy swam a fantastic Trace in
the 400- yard Individual Medley.K_e‘nnedy,

' a well rounded swimmer. came one tenth

of a second away from breaking his
previous record of 4:29.7. ’

Hazime Dupo, a visiting swimmer from
Japan. swam in the 400-yard Individual
Medley and had an outstanding time of
4:28. His teammates call him, “the
torpedo" and for good reason. He‘proved
his given nickname, with his fabulous time
of :52 in the, Medley Relay. Heswam the
butterfly and Was extreme Hazime is on
the Intensive English LanguageProgram
here at Albany and is enjoying'éhi‘s visit.

“I love this program. Everyonefs very
nice to'me here." stated “the torpedo".-

Jeff Ball had a decent night swimming in

the 50- yard freestyle. He hadfa time of r

:23.9. '

Mike Vardy reconﬁrmed his_qualifiea-_

tioit for the Nationals. Vardy was as im-

pressive this week. in the. three metervdiv:

l"8.°°mpctiti_on. as he was lastsmu‘gj‘day
against Cortland.  ‘  I
After being out of the pool tom“,

years. a strong and determined Mike]-

Feldman came back. and swamarhlncredit
ble race in the 100 yard backstroke. His
time of “02.6 earned'hitn a well desert/ed

ﬁrst place. Furthermore. in ,the‘aoojt'atd

freestyle. Feldman had another,,.fine_time
of1:57.5. '  .- “

In both relays. the Danes took second
place. In the 400 yard freestyle. Feldman
led the pack, Tom Handy swam second.
Koutelis swam third. and Jeff Kennedy
finished up with u'tough time'of 3:27. In
the 400 yard medley. they" had "Mike
Wright swimming backstroke, ‘Koutelis

with the breaststroke. Hundy‘swimming 
butterﬂy. and finally Pete Farmen endin «‘

with freestyle. Their final time was};
smooth 4:02. ' . , '

“Jim Neiland helped me pace-myself 36

LUCKEV UPS

seconds In his match against Springfield.

“There was no chance I was stalling." .

 yé-7-ivfs.io;n-:

   

seconds remaining. Pidel then executed a
move DeMeo later called “crazy” which
backﬁred and resulted in a 5-3 loss for
Albany.

Things didn't turn out any better at 177.
when. in the 2nd period. Sandy Adelstein.
then leading 10-4. was pinned by Spr-
ingﬁeld's John Wolfe. And at 190. Gene
Faughnan. , moving _ down from
heavyweight ‘to make up for Matt Ryan‘s
injury, lost an 11—3 decision to Travis
Soule and was docked an additional team
point for disorderly conduct. ’

.“It was“ the end of the match." said
Faughnan. “and he. ,(Springficld'srTravis

  
  

Albany definitely had a tough fight. but
kept their composure throughout the
whole meet.

“It’s tough toswim against a Division I
school. but we all pulled together and held
our own." commented Captain Tom
Handy. .

“The team'stayed motivated and gave a
good effort." added freshman Mike
Koutelis. ' '

As for Coach Turnage. he seemed pleas-

SPORTS BRIEFS
Softball meeting

The women’s softball team will hold
its annual interest meeting. Softball
playersshould report to Gymnasium D
on Friday February 8th at 4 pm.

Anyone interested should attend the
meeting or call Coach Rhenush at
457-4535. --

Women svvlmmers

Even 'though the Albany State

. .women’s swim team lost to a strong

University of Vermont squad. all wasn't
lost.

The U. of Vermont is a top' Division I
team. "Last year they were our only
less." said Carolyn Sherlock. assistant
swim coach. “They were stronger than
ever this year."

Many Dane swimmers were stronger
than ever as they either qualiﬁed for the
States or swam a personal best.

For her first time ever swimming the
500 yard freestyle event. Randi Morrow
swam a personal best of 6:13. She came
close to qualifying for the SUNYAC
,championships and should do so next
time.

Captain Claire Blarthorn qualified
for the SUNYAC's in the 200 Individual
Medley posting a tltne of 2:38.

 

 

. FRIDAYyEEBRUAR v r, 1,985 "El ALBANY STUDENT puss sports ,1 9

,  éscsrdv«butChiefstopgrapplers‘

Soule). pushed me in the face and said to
me, ‘get the hell off of me. you bleeping
asshole? The ref didn't say anything to
that. Then I shook his hand, not too well
tnaybe. DeMeo and the ref made me get
back onto the mat and I shook his hand
again and looked him right in the eye."

Following that. Faughnan was called for
disorderly conduct.

“He pushed me in the
face and said to me,
get the hell off me,

you bleeping
asshole.”
—Gene Faughan

 

In the heavyweight division. Papo
Rivera was pinned by Springﬁeld’s Geoff
Gouveia.

“We didn’t have enough racing luck."
said DeMeo of the loss. “Marty was tied
with only 20 seconds left when he tried that
crazy move. Sandy was winning in the 2nd
period when he was pinned and still wrestl-
ing good. We'd have been ahead by six
points going into the heavyweight division.
and Gino could have beaten their
heavyweight."

The grappler’s next competition will
come on Saturday at Binghamton. against
the Colonialsand Cortland. Binghamton.
although defeated by Albany at the State
Championships. is ranked second among
Div. 111 schools.

“They didn’t have on of their best guys
at that match. and they forfeited a few."
said DeMeo. “They’re a'good team. we’ll

. be the underdogs."

I: Vermont...

ed with the meet. The tcant basically ac-
complished what they wanted to do.
“I'm happy. We used this meet to
qualify people for the states and we were
successful in- most cases." stated Turnage.

This Saturday should prove to be
another tough fight for the Albany Danes.
They will be swimming against Bingham-
ton at home in what should be a challeng-
ing meet. '

 

Another personal best “as swum by
Lori Aronstein in the so ya 'd freestyle.
Her time was a 29.0.

Carol Pearl set a school record in the
200 freestyle by swimming a 2:00.4. She
shaved a hair off of Janet Bowman's
previous record

Upcoming events

The Albany State basketball team
hosts Oneonta on Saturday. Tip off
time is 8:00 pm. in the University
Gym....The Albany wrestlers travel to
Binghamton for a tri-mcct with Cor-
tland on Saturday....The women's
basketball team will be on the road this
weekend. They travel to Plattsburgh on
Friday night and then face Potsdam on
Saturday afternoon....The women’s
gymnastics team hosts MIT and Salem
at 1:00 pm. in the University Gym on
Suturday....The men's swim team host
Binghamton on Saturday at 1:00 pm. in
the University Gym....The women's
swim team travels to St. Rose for a 7:00
meet on Saturday....The men’s indoor
track team travels to RPI for tlte Capital
District Tournament at 6:00 pm. in the
RPI Fieldhouse....The women's indoor
truck team Is on the road for the Cor-
tland Invitational on Saturday. Cl

 

 

 

