 

 

14a Aspects on Tuesday

      

, .r»

 

Alison  rea

 

 

Alison Lurl

 

 

   

Feast -

This is what hard rock is all about; loud
guitar's, wailing vocals. and a big boss beat.
Wurm broke up for good (supposedly) in
was, but this LP presents them in their
finest form. ‘

Tire wonderfully psychedelic cover
betrays the music in the sleeve. Simon
Smallwood's vocals cut through the nearly
metallicdinanaking "98 DA." this album’s
instant classic. Other highlights include:

 

harp inflectiorﬁhilon 2'50"): {W llmmya” 
Feast is the lkind‘ofvlJ!‘ that desetvcs

 

 

"Made loud to! be played loud" sticker. ‘ ,
' ;_ I ' - Ike'Eck

    

 

 

 

Tom Troccotl's Dog

in live performance the Dog often scares
off potential listeners with its psycho-jam
punk-metal improvisations. On record,
however, Troccoll is allowed breathing

 

ini uic revieWs

 

"Should We Be Proud," the very strangeu
"Robin Dogginﬁj' and Der. Cadena's blues ‘

a; .

space and proves himself to be quite eclec-.
tic.' The ravers are definitely represented
but they are balanced with gentler acoustic
numbers and mid-tempo electric pieces.
Lyrically. the album runs a wide course
from love to suicide. - V .
Troccoll not only displays his prowess as
a guitarist, but as a competent vocalist also.
He particularly shines on Dylan's "Girl
From the North Country" accompanied by,
Chuy Modello (Sounds like John Doe of X
to, me). Though slightly imitative. it
nonetheless is the best cut on the album.
This album isn't for the faint of musical
heart, but those who venture forth will be
duly rewarded. ~
—Mtke Ecl

  

 

 

The Rose of England

it's a long. and often pointless trip back
to the fifties. but if you feel like taking it.
Nick Lowe's new album The Rose of
England is a pretty pleasant vehicle to use.

Lowe, working with his new backup
band The Cowboy Outfit. strings together
twelve ‘tunes ranging from vintage '50's
rock (“i Knew The Bride (When She Used
to Rock n' Roll)") to slow. mellow ballads
("indoor Fireworks”). and the album hangs
together surprisingly well.

Not as infectious as the Cowboy Outfit's
debut Nick Lowe and his'Cowhoy Out/it.
The Rose of England is professional pop.

 

rock from the "Jesus of Cool."

 

-— John Keenan

ds at Page

started off its 'second season last

Wednesday with a visit from award-
winning author Alison Lurie. Major
technical problems with the sound system
didn't phase Lurie, «who cheerfully asked
the 200 people in attendance to move to
the front of the Page Hall Auditoriirm.
Lurie spoke' briefly about her work, and
then read from her Pulitzer Prize winning
novel, Foreign Affairs.

Keren Schlomy

it was clear from listening to her first
passage that Lurie creates harsh and
realistic characters. The humor in her
writing can be cruel and pointed, often ex-
posing human weaknesses. She makes her
characters, above all, real people relating to
each other. Lurie "is always interested in
relationships between men and women,"
explained Mary Arensberg of SUNYA’s
English department her introduction of
Lurie. ‘

T he New York State Writer's institute

 

 

class academics. This is clearly seen in her
best-selling novel The War Between the
Tates in which the academic establishment
confronts the counterculture of the ’60'5.
The heroine in Foreign Affairs, also an
academic, becomes disillusioned while
visiting contemporary London. "When
people go to London they expect a Master-
piece Theater,"'Lurie remarked, "and they

I are shocked when they don't find it."
Lurie read a passage from Foreign Af-
fairs in which Vinnie, the heroine, is collec-

 

   

«i

 

Many of .Lurie's characters are middle

ting children’s folklore. She is shocked

 

when a 12-yearfold-g'irl 'redtes'ioihef; .'
n1 wishlwasa seagull, I V. ,

i wish! was’a duck .

And ‘watch‘ the'people ... .i’, ,

Vinnie puts down her penand does not
finish the transcription.  .. ' . .' .

Lun'e Ithen graced the audience. by
reading two passages frOm her new book,
which she is still in the process of writing.
it’s about getting to“ know a person from
the 'views.of,others. .she said, "because

that your mother seesis different from the
you that your boyfriend sees.'.' in this story

tion from people who knew the painter at

character from Lurie’s book Only
Children.

writers brought to SUNYAby the,,New
York State Writer’s institute. Many of the
excellent writers who come here are
brought largely through the efforts of the
lnstitute’s director, William Kennedy. "it’s
Bill’s contacts when he goes around the
world," associate director Tom Smith
disclosed. "Bill Kennedy was a close friend
of Alison's.” Tom Smith himself has
known her since 1964. Mary A‘rensberg
adds "The spirit of Bill Kennedy is ,What's
behind this . . . his willingness to share his
contacts andhis warmth." it's events like
these which. according to; Arensberg.
"bridge age and ‘socio-economic
backgrounds.” , » 7 D

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

 

ng ina

new season

he University Theatre labels its
[085-56 schedule as “a season of
extraordinary plays.” The group

will stage four productions this season in
SUNYA’s Performing Arts Center.

The season opens with Eugene ()‘Neiil's
The Great God [frown in the Main
Theatre. The play. directed by Jarka
Burian, examines the iontlicts of life
artistic individual in a materialistic world.
The Great God Brown runs from Wednes~
day, November 20 through Saturday
November 23. I

db an

The (‘Iuln by feminist poet and
playwright Eve Mirriam, will he perform-
ed on March 5-8 and March [2415 in the
Studio Theatre. Constance Valis Hill will
direct this lively song and dance
production.

Shakespeare's Twelfth Night or What

 

You Will will be staged in the Main

 

Theatre April [6-19. Albert Asermely will
direct this timeless romantic comedy. ‘

A special laboratory production of Ar-
thur Kopit's End of the World. directed by
Jerome Haniey, will be the season's final
show. The play, a mystery in which the
playwright searches for clues to stop the
arms race. will be performed in the Lab
Theatre Otober 16-19 and 23-26.

The University Theatre is now offering
discount subscription rates for SUNYA
students and faculty. A season subscription
is $9 and includes reserved and priority
seating for all productions. The general
public may purchase subscriptions for $15.
Alton McCloud, manager of the Perform-
ing Arts Center. points out, “You can’t see i
many films off-campus for as little and no
live theatre that t know of for such a
bargain.” For subscription information.
stop by PAC 108 ofcail 442-3997.
~— Loren Gtmborg

 

So leo'uldfly alongthe an. .  "

everyone has different selves . . ._ the you.

the heroine is an art historian writing about i
a painter she never knew who died and is .
being rediscovered. She getsher informa. i

g various points in her'life. The‘characfer of .
the painter turns " out to be Lolly, .av

Alison Lurie is one of themany. talented I

 
  
  
 

   

        

    
 

’s not loften that a student gets to
spend the summer working in such a
glamorous industry. Friends wonder

why anyone would leave a budding career '

to return to academia in the fall. After all,
what could college do for me now? Surely,
no other profession could match the excite-
ment. the thrill-a-minute atmosphere, and
the social prominenece of, the miniature
golf and ice cream industry.

Frank: Yunker

To say that getting hired to work at the
premier Miniature Golfing Emporium in
the whole Schenectady area fulfilled my
wildest fantasies would not do justice to a
summer that] shallnever forget. Perhaps it
dould be said that I never even dreamt it
could happen to me. _ ‘

When i think back on all the memories.

 

 

all the new experiences, all the people, l'

can’ help but think about the money. Peo-
pie said i was working for minimmum
wage, but i said, “To me, the moneyis
nothingi For me,‘it‘s the excitement. the
glamour, the- prestige."

The miniature golf and ice cream in-

   
  

dustry. long known as the sport of R

The

word

gatherers Q

are

1 running like hell.
Careful.

Don’t drop

the

day’s

catch.

The

word I
gatherers

are under arrest.
Careful.

‘ It’s

ran

antitrust suit.

 Joseph Fusco 

 

 
  
  
   

 

{a 34-1, Hﬁtg‘lvﬁdghu'rdsA em, <txttturuhi¢~l

 

presidents and kings. is used to paying host
to prominent personalities. The Putt-N-
Play in suburban Schenectady was no ex-
ception. There l was rearranging golf balls
when in walked the Town Supervisor. He
took time out of his busy schedule of solv-
ing urban problems with the Governor to
play a round. It was certainly awe-
in'spiring, and for the moment i considered
changing my major to poli-sci.

I Of course, stars of the entertainment in-
dustry have always been frequent visitors. >
I’ll never forget the excitement. the little
chill up my spine, when a certain young
lad informed me that he was the son of a
morning disc jockey on one of the more
popular local AM radio stations. People
like that don’t stop by every day, so i let
him play for free. Who knows? 'Maybe
someday l’ll get to meet his father.

The highlight of the summer was,
without a doubt, the~chance — even if for 3
just a summer —— .to live life on the edge. in
a lane faster than James Bond. With a mis-
sion beyond all missions. Even ifl wasn’t
cut from the same cloth as Bond, 1 still
would have helped. No one‘turns away
when the F.B.l. comes asking for help.

 

 

The rumors had been flying for days.

 Maxi j glamour

_-Thernightly news had. carried a rape
. . a .,

 

. ,- . e
:‘a 'f'e‘w wayst

 
 

injnd the agent walked up, i knew instinc-

. tively what we were facing. He handed me

the brown envelope and thanked me.

. '.Therg Was noneed to explain. inside i

“found the mugshot and description: short,
‘ ,_' brown hair and eyes. tattoo on the back.
_:And anvi'ncredible urge for miniature golf.

it was obviousto us all. He would have
to play somewhere. Nobody goes the
Whole summer without playing miniature
golf. It was just a matter of where. Since he
was last seen in Eastern Vermont within an
hour of the Capital District. the Putt-N-
Play was. the obvious target. Not only the
best miniature golffcourse in Schenectady.
it served Hershey Ice Cream! it put the
weight on all of us who worked there. The
F.B.I. might have looked at it as a matter of
where, but we knew it was just a matter of
when. Our ad-lib lines were well rehears-
ed. We were to act as if we didn’t know

- that he was the crazed killer that everyone

was talking about. To us, he was just
another customer. it was to be business as
usual .until the 5.W.A.T. team arrived.

He'd have been caught if the C.l.A. had
told us all they knew. it wasn‘t until we
were closing for the season that i realized
he was also a master of disguises. Sure. I
had seen an old lady with a mustache, but
even 007 can be given the slip every once
in a while.

After a summer such as this. how could

.anyone return to the h0<hum life of a col- .

lege student -—' leave behind the glitter
and the glory, the action and the advenv
ture, the money and the madness. Why?
Because i had to-be realistic. John Belushi
. . . dead at 32, Elvis Presley . . . 42. Keith
Moon of The Who, Brian Jones of the ROI/-
ing Stones.— the list goes on. Sure. i loved
living life in the fast lane, but to stay at the
Putt-N-Play for longer than a summeri if
you’d been through all that i’d been
through, you’d understand. ’ El

   

     
   
  

;  burri’rapefpillage, and miniature I l l"
:golfAWhe‘n' the unmarked F.B.l. car pulled

    
     
     
    
    
 
   
 
    
    
    
    
   
   
   
    
 
    
     
   
   
 
    
   
     
     
   
    
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

 
 
  
  
  

 

 
  
 

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

the rich smells

"Too much i"

 

Everything smells so sweet
but i like the watermelons the best.
Every day the vibrant colors ~ ‘

“Wait! Come backi . . . One’hundred fifty!"
Six bees hovervover an opened watermelon.
‘ Caged canaries flutter and sing among
the flower peddlers.

 

The Market Place

 
 
  

    

the buzzing all around
"Two hundred dirfarsl"

A young boy samples some grapes.
but i like the watermelons best.
They make the peddler smile.
(and she'll take that last little weight off

They make the children smile
(as sweet. gooey juice runs down their arms.)
i like the watermelons best.
(Ethey make me smile.)

     
 
  

 

  
    
     
 
        
     
               
      
    
  
 

her scale just for you.)

  
       
 
      
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
 
  

  
  
 

Madelyn E. Kelstein

 

 

 

