 

a. - '
I .hftw“.

I " ork‘s Garment District

‘ ‘ ere's a studio loft where the pace

nearly matches the frenzy on the
streets outside, That's where Lynn
Goldsmith. photographer and musician.
comedienne. record. video. TV producer/
director. stock agency owner. talent man-
ager. i age consultant. song- and
scriptwriter and photographers‘ rep. is plot-
ting her roadshow to American colleges.

“1 want to stay in touch with what i know
to be the future," she explains Not content
to let her photographs. records and videos
do all the talking. Goldsmith has organized
a college lecture tour. On that tour. she will

. - of a man named Will
, a guy who's here to make cham-

pions out of us all. in fact. Goldsmith plays

several different characters in order to
prove that success is within everyone's
reach.

Ambitious? Yes. absolutely. She doesn't
demur at success.

"There aren't many photographers as
successful. especially women. as i am. And
i'm not saying that in a braggart way. I feel
like a jerk sitting here saying so, but i could
tell anyone how to do the same thing," she
says. intending to do lust that,

"i didn't perform any magic! if there was
a door closed, i figured out a way to get
around it.

"Who am i to call up and get a story on
the President? Who doesn‘t want to photo-

graph the President? You figure It out."
Goldsmith figured out she could get a
session with then President Gerald Ford If
she sold a story on his personal White
House photographer. David Kennerly. to a
photography magazine. Now former Presi-
dent Ford is one of several thousand celeb-
rities among her one million color trans-
parencies and two mlillon biack-and-whites
neatly filed, ready for shipment to maga-
zines who print her with utter regularity.
Within seconds of my arrival at the loft.
she has set up her VCR to play videos of
singles from the album she did last year,
Dancing for Mental Health, plus a register-
and-vote commercial for MTV. her own
publicity tape and a motivational tape for
the (fictional) “Will Powers institute." The
room goes dark. Lynn goes to retrieve coi-

ccess Is Her Theme

A Celebrity Photographer
Breaks the Barriers

BY LINDA EKLUND

fee. the tape starts and there's Meat Loaf
spitting beer on himself while "Will Pow-
ers" chants. “You are an important person.
a rare individual. There has never been
anyone lust like you."

“You can make it happen. it's you. Only
you." the tape keeps saying. it spins
through "Adventures In Success.” “Oppor-
tunity." "Smile" and “Kissing Wlth Confi-
dence" and constructs a world in which the
bald grow hair. the fat get thin. the wrink-
led smooth out and adversity is true op-
portunity - all over a soundtrack helped
along by Robert Palmer, Sting and Todd
Rundgren.

A child of Detroit and Miami Beach High
School (where she loined i4 clubs) and
the University of Michigan, where she took
two degrees in three years (a teaching cer-
tificate plus radio and TV direction).
Goldsmith never figured she would be a
photographer.

"i thought i would either be a singer-
songwriter or a director," she remembers.
She was in a band In college, living next
door to future film director Larry Kasdan
(The Big Chill), Eventually. Goldsmith co-
managed the rock band Grand Funk Rail-
road. She also did national publicity for
Elektra Records, helped invent the video
magnification system used to prolect rock
concerts at Madison Square Garden and
the Hollywood Bowl. and started to direct
the first late-night television rock show.
ABC's in Concert.

“i was using stills to storyboard my
ideas. The record company came to a

The setting sun, and geometric paving
patterns, distorted by a wide angle lens,
add a surreal air to this portrait of Sting.

A Rolling Stone, Keith Richards,

Chuck Berry concert and wanted to buy my
stills of Chuck Berry." When the photos
earned more than she got for directing
the show. she took a surprised look at
photography.

"i was the youngest director in the DI-
rectors Guild of America." she says, “and i
was tired of proving myself." There was a
lot of proving to be done. too. for a young
woman in that fraternity,

“Photography was something i could do
alone. it was simpler. it paid more, and i
could get more satisfaction because of
the connection i had with the sublects i
photographed."

The rest ls hardworking history. though
Goldsmith claimed her share of the fa-
mous-photographer market with blister-
ing speed.

"I didn‘t wait for assignments. i got to
the people i wanted to shoot. shot and
sold the pictures. For celebrities who rel-

gathers backstage rest time. ’ '- '

Meet Donna, an aquamarine-headed
charmer, who also happens to be photog-
rapher Lynn Goldsmith In character for
one of her own videos.

ished the publicity. she often shot free. re-
tained all rights and got permission to
market the results wherever she could. She
not only made her cut-line ubiquitous in
the U.S., U.K.. lapan and elsewhere. but set
up a stock agency and began to represent
about 30 far~fiung photographers. who ex-
tend the reach of LGi — Lynn Goldsmith
incorporated — considerably,

Popularly known as a rock photographer.
Goldsmith is quick to point out that her
range is far greater than iust rock 5 roll.
She nods to last week's work for Harper‘s
Bazaar and an on-going Faberge contract.
“You don’t get those kinds of iobs If they
See you as a rock photographer." she cau-
tions, though Us. People. Newsweek. We and

break - spring 1985 0 9

 

