4 ALBANX‘STZUDENT PRESS 1:1 FRIDA Y;.SERTTEMBER10',-'l98‘5v 

Matchmaker seeks marriages of convenience

By Bill Jacob
STAFF WRITER

Concerned about the student housing
shortage in Albany, Residential Life and
the Off Campus Association (OCA) have
organized the Matchmaker Project — a
service which will maintain a list of local
homeowners who have rooms available for
rentio students.

The listings allow homeowners to
describe the types of rooms available and
other details related to off-campus living
such as parking and access to laundry and
bathroom facilities. 'Also included is the
weekly or monthly rent. which currently
ranges from $l50 to $300 a month per
room.

Although posters on the podium suggest
that rooms may be rented for $75 a month,
the actual listings start at $150. “[Residen-
tial Life] put out 1,000 leaﬂets saying that
[homeowners] should charge between $75
and $150 and I guess that’s what they went
by,” said Jon Harrison, Chair of OCA.

The main objective behind the Mat-
chmaker Project was to find a new source
of student housing to alleviate some of the
problems of enforcement of Albany's
grouper law, said Tom Gebhardt, Assis-
tant Director for Off Campus Housing.
The law prohibits more than three

unrelated people from living in the same
rental unit.

Student Association will handle the stu-
dent inquiries and Residential Life will be
responsible for the production and
maintenance of the lists, Gebhardt said.
The listings are updated every Thursday
and are available at both the Residential
Life and OCA ofﬁces. '

About 15 students have inquired about
the new project, but the number of in-
quiries isexpected to decline, Harrison
said. “For the immediate future, i'm sure
it’s going to die down. People won’t be
looking for houses in November," he said.

Residential Life has maintained listings
of homeowners with rooms to rent in the
past, Gebhardt said, but in June SA Presi-
dent Steve Gawley expressed a desire to
create a larger base of information for
students.

A free phone will be available for those
students who wish to inquire about
available rooms, said Gebhardt. Students
can alsoobtain guidelines for living off
campus at either the Student Association
or Residential Life offices, he added.

Gawley, Gebhardt, and Vice President
for Student Affairs Frank Pogue met with
representatives of neighborhood associa-
tions and explained the Matchmaker Pro-

 

w- 1.. ._.I a

.=,.

  

Students examine goods tor sale on r "

groups.‘ '

 

Concern for groups' fundraising prompted the change.

By Bette Dzamba
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT .

Beginning this fall, individual entrepreneurs can
no longer sell merchandise on campus. According
to a memo issued by James Doellefeld, Director of
the Office of Campus Life, “Transient commercial
activities should be approved only for fund raising
projects operated directly by and for recognized
student organizations, or recognized University or
University-related organizations._"

According to Steve Gawley, Student Association
President, the new policy was “prompted by con-
cern over individuals and concern for groups mak-
ing income." He pointed out that “the priority was
to make the campus center space available for SA

Shay Kostiner, a vendor for the past four years,
said “i don’t like the new rule.” Kostiner explained
that he began selling sweatshirts as a first year stu-
dent and later switched to selling earrings.

“This year, i came up with my merchandise and
they told me i can’t sell for personal profit,”
Kostiner said. “i was paying my way through
KIRSCN UPS school with the sales," he added.

Doellefeld pointed out “the idea behind the
policy is that money made on the podium should

ject to community leaders, Gebhardt said,
adding that he hopes word-of-mouth com-
munication invthe community will bring
the Matchmaker Project to the attention
of more homeowners and provide students
with a variety of housing options. Ads
were also placed in local papers this sum-
mer to inform area residents of the new
project.

The fliers that were distributed over the
summer were not handed out randomly.
Harrison said. “The leaﬂets were targeted
to homes in the student ghetto and
downtown Albany. Basically people want
to live close to the busline," he said.

The advantages of renting a single room
include low cost. better accomodations,
and the closeness students may develop
with a family, Gebhardt said. Students
renting rooms would also not have to deal
with landlords who may try to take advan-
tage of students, he added.

A .homeowner’ main reason for renting
rooms would be to receive additional in-
come, Gebhardt said. Many homeowners
may have a son or daughter who attends
an out-of-town college and have a spare
roomin their home. he explained.

Students who rent rooms usually do not
have leases or have any binding agreement

 

with the homeowners, Harrison said. This.
may allow students to rent a room on a
weekly basis and save on rent over summer
and winter break, he added.

For some students, living with a
homeowner may be their only option.
Transfer students and late-applying
freshmen would most likely have housing
problems and thus be forced to rent a
room. Gebhardt said. Most students who
have stopped by the OCA office were
students who had no other place to live,
said Harrison. g

Provided that homeowner response to
the project increases, a wide variety of liv-
ing accomodations may be available in the
future. said Gebhardt. Some homeowners
on the list have more than one room
available and others may be willing to ac-
cept more than one student per room. in
addition. there are listings offering rooms
in exchange for child care.

The Matchmaker Project will have a
positive impact on the community, Har-
rison predicted. “it’s something to aid
students abd to aid the community as far
as students having a place to live and the
people in the community having an oppor-
tunity to get sdme more income and just
_have better relations with students.“ El

pagtlndividual vendors banned from
 selling merchandise on campus
,4, .

stay within the community. it should stay within
recognized groups in support of their
porogramming."

Kostiner suggested that SA could charge private
vendors rent for their places on the podium. The
rent money could be channeled to student groups,
he said, adding that the space could be made
available to students only. This would keep outside
businessmen from profiting, Kostiner said.

Doellefeld said, “Certainly i think the long term
effect of this change will be an increase in the
amount of money that goes to recognized organiza-
tions from vending on the podium.”

“it is too early in the semester to tell if there has
been an increase in the number of student groups
vending on the podium," Doellefeld added.

He pointed out that many of the groups selling
on the podium “Are not funded by the mandatory
fee and therefore they need the money from ven-
ding for their programming.”

Kostiner said, “i think the school with this new
policy is taking some of the fun out of school. Peo-
ple enjoy hanging out and getting good deals." He
added, “l think it’s sad that the Roseman doesn’t
sell anymore. " El

History talks when the topic is Albany politics

By David Kass
s'l'Ai‘l" wm i'ER

Through the dedication of'a SUNYA
history professor. history buffs will soon
be able to experience Albany’s past in a
new way. ‘

Assistant Professor Ivan Steen is in the
process of compiling a series of taped in-
terviews, known as oral history, which will
document! significant events in history as
related by people who actually lived
through those times and events.

Steen said, "The principal aim of oral
history is to build up material that scholars
can use. according to eyewitnesses."
Stories told‘ by people are something that
can't be gotten from a textbook. he added.

When the program started in 1982. it
was principally aimed at documenting the
42 years that former Albany Mayor
Erastus Corning was in office. with the
focus being on interviews with Corning
himself, said Steen. However, Corning
died with' only a half hour of interviews
recorded.

But, Steen said. there were enough peo-
ple from the Coming era to interview so

 

 

 

 

“The principal aim of
oral history is to build
up material that
scholars can use. ”

-— Ivan Steen

 

that the oral history ofthat time has not
been lost. ‘

Collecting oral history is much more
time consuming than it may seem," said
Steen explaining that approximately 40
hours of work may be needed to produce
one hour of interview. The interviews are

done on cassette tape anti then are
transcribed and typed. '

The tapes will eventually he'available in
the University Library for research upon
request, said Steen. “You wouldn't put the
tapes on an open shelf —- you should have
to fill out some kind of form like in re-

 

questing a rare manuscript," he said.

in addition _to Corning, the administra-
tion of former governor Nelson D.
Rockefeller is also being documented, said
Steen. “i am interviewing Edward Legue,
who was the first head of the Urban
Development Corporation, which
revitalized cities. One major project was
the Roosevelt island Development in New
York City," he said.

Malcolm Wilson. Lieutenant Governor
throughout Rockefeller's term is also be-
ing interviewed. said Steen.

Originally. a research assistant worked
on the project with Steen as well as several
graduate students. “However, due to lack
of funds. l have to do most of the work by
myself now, which is one re'a'son why i am
on sabaticai this semester,” sai'd Steen.

Most of the funding for the program is
obtained through donations from research
foundations, the Research Office and the
Dean of Social Sciences Office.

Steen said he feels “very strongly"
about the oral history program, adding
that he thinks of it in the “same vein with
historic preservation." D

l v

FRIDA‘Ki-SEBTEMBER'ZO,31985 A D MLBANY’ STUDENT ‘PRE'SSI‘B ‘ ‘ ‘i’

' The issue cf-‘thré‘A'SP'wiii be published

OctOber 1

A

 

 

 

 

  _  q j , distance
  componyisct lot II choosing
‘ ct roommate.

z“. .

 

 

 

 

:1 .- ,

 

It’s better to know i they’re
like  move In.

same high- quality, trouble-free service you’re
used to.

With calls that sound as close as next door.
Guaranteed 60% and 40% discounts off our Day
Rate—so you can talk during the times you can
relax. Immediate credit for wrong numbers.

Living together with someone for the ﬁrst
time can be an “educational” experience.

And living with a long distance company
isn’t any different. Because some companies
may not give you r'il‘ii the servrces you re used to
getltiltilrgitftlszgn‘c‘gvith some companies you have Operator assrstance and collect callulig. d}
to spend a certain amount before you qualify for So when you re asked to ’(i‘hOBOSC a ongherther
their special volume discounts. Withsome tance company, choose AT811 . elctauseailve one
others voice quality may vary. you re into Mozart or meta , qua l y iS

’ thing everyone can agree on.

ut when ou choose A'l‘&’I‘, there won’t be
anyBsurprisesy when you move in. You’ll get the Reach out and touch someone?

gATsIT .
The right chonce.

 

 

 

@l985 Alli Communications

 

 

 

