 

  

 

 

       

   
   

   

 

lig 1e . I
students '

Student Association President Rich
Schaffer spent a good part of yesterday
afternoon fuming in hisoffice. With him
sat Ray Priore, a business education
undergraduate, who had planned to do his
grad work here.

Right now, Priore is caught in limbo.
President O’Leary, Vice President
Ramaley and Education Dean Robert
Koff, have all said at different times that
they don’t consider the School of
Business Education to be a high priority.

Despite a task force report that was
released last week calling for the revision
and preservation of the program, these
top administrators seem bent on
destroying it, not by dismantling the
program, but by stalling the task force
report in as many committees as they can,
and meanwhile suspending admissions
because the program is ‘under review.’ By
the time all these committees, which are
made up of different combinations of the
same core group of people, finish
examining and re-examining every minute
detail of the report, the prOgram will have
lost all its prestige and most of its
students, and will be too costly to rebuild.

This would suit O’Leary and company
just fine. What interest would they have in
a program that does little prestige-drawing
research and has a reputation as a
dumping ground for business school
rejects?

Thus far, they've paid little attention to
the vital role our University plays in
providing New York State with many of
its business teachers. Our School of
Business Education has an excellent
reputation with secondary schools around
the state.

When the task force report came out

the floor of the senate. instead, it is now
under consideration by the curriculum
committees of both the undergraduate
and graduate academic councils as well as
the long range planning committee of the
Education Policy Council. Don Reeb, the
chair of GAC, was not even aware that his
curriculum committee was examining the
report.

So who sent it there? And why? The
task force already did an in depth analysis
of the program. Someone, it seems. is
trying to kill time by stalling the report in.
various committees. Most of these
committess don‘t even meet until April
and the report still has to go back‘to the
three councils before it can be sent to the
floor of senate.

it's no wonder Rich Schaffer was
fuming. At this rate, he, Ray, and the
School of Business Education will be long
gone before Senate is allowed to make a
final decision.

Schaffer may try to force the issue on to
the floor of senate on Monday. For a
glimpse at how our administrators (and
so-called role models) really operate, put

‘ aside your politcal and social theory books
and come see some real politicians in ac-
tion. Just stop by the Campus Center
assembly hall at 3:30 on Monday. You
might even get to meet Ray i’riorc.

 

 

last week it was sent to two Universityf
Senate councils. From there it was to go to *

 

 

 

 

' ""I'Mh SORRY, mane;

  

 a LoT Less.

$20004 MTN~
nears - NEA
College Pro Service

 

‘ You’Re seine RePtacep.‘
' We can Pay a WOMEN

 
   

 

 

‘ COLUMN

Unplanned parenthood " ‘ 

Several years'ngo i had a friend who had an abortion.
She was counseled and referredto her doctor by Upper
Hudson Planned Parenthood. She was only in her ﬁfth
week of pregnancy and had no anxiety about the abor-
tion. She said that all her friends had had abortions and
the pregnancy seemed very abstract to her anyway. The
doctor was kindly and my friend had no complications.

lSharon Long 2 J

The day after the abortion. however, she bought a
guinea pig. which she called Astra. and for weeks after
the abortion I saw her play with the guinea pig. “Here,
Astro, Come to Mommy." She told me that she thought
it was healthy to “get her feelings out" in this way.

She began complaining that her boyfriend of four years
was very inconsiderate sexually and was notat all in-
terested in her sexual response. even after she‘ had com~
plained to him about this repeatedly. She also began to
complain about what she perceived to be her boyfriend’s
casual attitude toward the abortion althoughvhc had made
the trip into town to be with her and had paid for half the
operation. it was clear that she had not adequately dealt
with her feelings about the abortion, her role in relation-
ships."'orher own sexuality. . -_ A. .

The counSeling at Planned Parenthood consists of
waiting in turn to See a counselor who will give a client the
results of her pregnancy test. if negative, the counselor
may discuss different birth control methods with her. if
positive, she will give her a list of community resources if
she wishes to bear the child. and a list of doctors who per-
form abortions if she does not, and possibly discuss the
medical complications of abortion with her. The clients‘
feelings or situation are only discussed if the client herself
brings it up. The session usually lasts less than one hour.
it is very dificult to develop any rapport with the
counseloi- in such a short time to discuss anything of im-
portance in other than a very superﬁcial manner.

Sometimes; the counselors givc misinformation.
Recently a woman who was undecided was given a list of
doctors with high priced delivery fees..She was not told
about the financial aidthat warravnilablesaeh as Hill
Burton funds and was told that the, medicaid eligibility
limit was much lower than it really was.':The counselor
meant well; she was just tooibusy to check the facts.

Very. few women have abortions only because they do
not like the physical state of pregnancyrwmt are the
reasons that most' women, especially the predominantly

 

 

young and poor clientele of Planned Parenthood have _’

abortions? They do not want to embarrass their parents;
it will interfere with their education; they cannot afford
to have a baby; they are too young.

in each case. the girl or woman sees herself as lacking
choices. as being trapped by circumstances. She sees
herself as a victim.

in addition. especially with the clientele of Planned
Parenthood, an abortion is an admission of failure — not
of birth control failure, but the realization of a failed
relationship. The unmarried woman must stop deceiving
herself that her boyfriend really cares about her. that he

will be there to protect her and the baby, that there is a
future in the relationship. This realization is‘; frequently
very painful. , ' 

Furthermore. from a slightly more philosophical but
no less real perspective. when a woman has an abortion
she denies’herself the opportunity at that point in time to
perpetuate herself and to pass on her legacy. She destroys

what was created from her own body. She mustdepy that

which is a symbol of her intimate union with own. in a
certain sense. she is denying the validity of herself as an

individual. and she must deal with the.lmpllcadons"of ;

Plinn'ed parenthood ll staffed by kindly, well meaning
people. They give free counseling, as well as post abortion
counseling, for those who request it. But even leaving
aside the question of the competence of the counselors
themselves. Planned Parenthood deals in such volume
that it is very difficult; if not impossible, to develop
enough of a rapport with a counselor to:feel comfortable
returning or to deal in depth with the very complex‘emo-

tional ramifications 'of relationships, pregnancy, and

abortion. '  ‘ _

Planned Parenthood readily acknowl _ ~ that the
medical procedure cannot be ‘separat V g from its
psychological aspect. it claims that its abortlon center is

necessary to provide one stop complete psychological and.

medical services at low cost for the most emotionally
vulnerable proportion of the population. ‘

But it is just its emphasis on its psychological services.
which in practice are so superﬁcial, which is what makes
the proposed Planned Parenthood abortion center so in-
sidious. it lulls pro-choice concerned people into a false
sense of complacency that the emotional needs of these
vulnerable clients are being met and that other communi-
ty support services are not necessary.

if Planned Parenthood opens its abortion clinic 1 fear
that undecided women will be swayed to the abortion op-
tion. Abortion is easy, final, and it’s right there. Since
Planned Parenthood does not provide pre-natal care or
make appointments with social workers for clients to
discuss medicaid, nutritional programs. or subsidized day
care. the client must seek out these services on her own.
something which is more difficult, especially when the
situation seems overwhelming and frightening. Thus
more women will face the problems i mentioned above.

As a feminist. i believe that women’s health demands
that their self-esteem be high. 1 hays an interest in seeing
women feel strong, powerful. and in control, not weak.
powerless, and victimized. i do not want women to con-
tinue to allow themselves to be exploited sexually. i want
all women to feel good about themselves. about their
bodieisl, and hopefully about their relationships with men
as we . ~-

lt is generally agreed that the purpose of counseling is
to raise an individual‘s self-esteem and to give her a sense
of control over her environment. in this objective. Plann-
ed Parenthood's form of counseling is grossly, grossly in-
adequate. lf the abortion clinic is established, how many
other, like my hip and sophisticated friend, will resort to
guinea pigs? . D

 

    

 

   

 

 

‘ «researéiava‘esma-

 

 

.->U.  “MRI. ,
Poor chorce
To the‘Edltor: ’ ’

in a‘ year when the cry of the hungry is reverberating

throughout the world, it is decadent that the Class of ’85

is spending $20,000 to erect a meaningless piece of
machinery as a class gift to the university..There is cur-
,rently a pledge drive under way which is asking for $85

- from each graduating student. The money received will

go towards purchasing a large, electronic announcement

- board which will be installed either in the campus center

or the lecture centers. Every thinking senior ,must ask
him/her self, “Does the university really need this?" The
obvious answer is no. The activities on this campus have
been running very smoothly for a number of years
without any help from an electronic board.' I

The issue of need actually plays a very large role in this
entire Class Gift decision. The committee in charge of

choosing an appropriate gift obviously didn’t use need as -

a criterion in its gift'choice. For example, a large. bronze
greaLdane for the gym was one of the proposed gifts that
was actually considered by the committee. Surely, the
university is-not in need of such a superfluous, decorative
monument. Fortunately, the committee acknowledged
this and voted against the canine statue. However. what it
chose instead is equally ludicrous. - 3 .
if the committee had done some extensive research
among the departments of the university and the seniors
themselves, it surely would have come up with a gift of
greater importance. indeed. it may have actually
discovered a real need of the university. Just looking
around campus, there are several improvements and/or
repairs that could be made as part ofa, class gift. For in-
stance, the inner doors of many of the buildings could be
made more accessible to disabled students. (Presently.
there are several entrances which provide an electronic
outer door, but no similar device on the inner set of
doors). There are many other productive and important
ways that the Class of ’85 Could leave its mark on the
university. However, these possibilities were not looked
into because they are not “marketable.” The committee
felt that seniors need a highly visible, “high-tech" gift to

 ' spects

car-alum In m's

 

ltsldl Jo Grails. Edllor In Chis!
Dun Chang. .lohn Keen-n, Managing Editors

l-mn O‘Sulllvan

.Allcla clmboll
om Koo-noes. Rina Vounp
............ ..Lornn Ginsberg

u... can...

    
  
 

Mu-nnun Kan

 

..Msrc Barman
to ..Krlll|no sum
Editorial Page: Editor Edward Ralncl
Co” . A] n m.

 

Jerry Complains. David LL. Lnlrln. Ssnlol Edllors

Conlrlbulln. Edllorl Joseph Fulco, Wayne moment. Judy Torol
Eollorlu Aral-tulle: Michelle anchor. Cathy Errlq. Ilene Wslnstoln. at."
writers: Barbara Abraharnor. Donna Altman. Rachel Bra-low. Losilo Chall.
Johanna Clancy. Doreen Clark. Jacqqu Clark. llll Clements, Charles Coon.
Ken Dumb-um. Belle Dumbo. Both.FlnnIrln. Ronald Brant Benton. Bob ‘
Hanlon. Erlc Nlndln, Lisa Jackal. Modal Kurt; Donna MIcKonzls. Joli
Mallabor. J. Michael Males. Christina Roltslt. Pun Schullcrmsn, Rich
Sheridan. Mlchul Skolnlclt. Dovld Worthslm. Spectrum Editor: Brando
Schulllr sun Artist: Guy Palmer

Chris llnphl. Business Murmur
Lynn Gar-via. Associate Business Manager
Maura Kalle". Rhond- Vloll. Advert/slug Manager:
Mike Krolrher, Sales Manager
IIIIIM ‘ ‘ ‘ " “‘
Payne“ ' Gnu p"...
cl...l".d " Il-v-n h-ull
Advertising Sales: Karen Amslcr. Dan Flsllhar. Marc Homrmln. Rlch Lllt.
Judy Torel. Advertising Production: Lisa allhlcr. Denise Culronl. Teresa
Glue-lone. Ellsan Kolnuuk. Allcl McDonnell. Jacki Mldlullry. Amy Plporny.
Mike sahlllro, Ollch Gull: Knlhy Chlchaslor. Llnoa Delgado, Marjorie ﬁcsen~
lhal. Slephlnll Schonlul .

Adam s. Eagle. Patricia allnnola. Production Managers
Chris Coleman, Associate Production Manager
ChlalTypuollar  ........Lancsy Hsymln
Typl-Is: Debora Adllmann. nuxzo, Ir voland. Doro Jonu.
Carrie Bubs. Pun Slraubsr. u -up. . Phllllp Hoover. Judy Lawrence. Ellen
Rssvls. D. Darrel Slat. M.D.Thompson, chaullouro: Warren Hurwltt. Richard
Sheridan , '

 
 
 
    

Photography principally supplied by Unlvorllty Photo Service. I student
ro

a .
Chlhfl’l‘hologuphon Enos Splsaol UPS sun: marl/Albert. Amy Cohan. Marla
Culllnln. John Curry. Lynn Drollus. Cindy auway, Adam alnntmo. Hobart
Hsnnmum, Davln tom. Kenny Klrsoh. Room Luckeyhﬁsra Mount, Mull
Mm‘lllvllll, Chrls Orslnl. Llu elmmonl. Rob-rt Saucy. Davlo stuck. Howard
Tyalr

Entire contents copyright till Albany Student Press Corporlllon. sll rlghlo
rourvod. “ :

The Albany Bludonl Press ls publlshud Tuesdays and Frldays balm-n
Auuusl and June by the Albany Sludonl Pros! Corporsllon. an Independent
ncl~tor-prolll corporlllon. '

Editorials are written by the Edllor In Chlal with members at lhs Edllorlal
Board. pulley la sublscl lo rovllw by the Enllarlsl Board. Advertising pollcy
noon nor nscnssullly rollocl odltcrlal pollcy.

Mailing address:
Albany Bludonl Prncs, CO 320
I400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY I222!
(616) 451-M92l3322l3300 I

 

 

 

 

., -.a V... v,

'"‘s3fe““§lft"lik37th37'dnnouncement Basia-"hrs: hair’s ‘

practically guarantee student pledges instead of a prac-
tical one which would actually serve a purpose. ’ T

The traditibn of leaving a class gift is‘a geod one.
especially in a state institution where funds are constantly
being threatened or cut. However. this gift should always
serve the university in a very direct and. useful way.
Creating a frivolous "need" (such as the one for the pro-
posed announcement board) defeats the very purpose of a
class gift.

We, as grduating seniors. object to this irresponsible
decision and havevdecided to boycott this pledge drive.
We urge all seniors to give some serious thought to this
proposed gift and decide where they want their money to
go. There are other organizations on campus which
always desperately need money. Alumni Association is
one organization which is dedicated to raising money for
SUNYA. it is always seeking donations from both
students and alumni who tend to forget about supporting
the university once they graduate. S.T.O.P. is another
group which 'is trying to raise money to fight against
hunger in the world. We are taking the money that we
would have pledged to the Class and instead, donating it
to these worthwhile organizations. Join us in this protest
and give a donation where it is really needed.

—Clalre Schneider
—‘—-Sherry Kopp
—.Ioe|le Hochman
—Greg Herman
—Chrls Burrqu

ID hassles

To the Editor: 1

Monday: Today i lost my l . So common is this occur-
rance among students, that l lelt for sure there would be
no major hassle in acquiring a new one. Wrong! i went to
the registrar to get my new [D but was told that i could
not get one without any sort of identiﬁcation. it wasn't
sufficient that they had my entire life, which i could
reiterate, on their computer. i mean. you never know if
there’s someone else on campus that happens to know all
of the facts of my life, and would want an lD with my
name on it. How useful! With no time to deal with ad-
ministrative red tape. 1 found a bus driver who let me on
the bus with only a ticket. I think my Albany T-shirt
(which l've since burned) and books convinced him that l
was indeed a student. Tuesday: After getting a ride to my
8:l5 class i found it be cancelled. (Perhaps the irrespon-

, I, sibilities of the. many self-centered professors will be the
” topic‘of my next letter.) Back to registrar for my lD —

closed until 9:00. Okay, l’ll get a ticket. go home and deal
with it later. No tickets on sale until 9:00. i waited until
9:00. returned to the registrar and got a tc'nporary new
lD..(Thc permanent one will be ready by the time i

‘ graduate in December!) Finished? No wayl l was sent to

public safety for my new bus sticker. Oops. closed for
Election Day. To the bookstore for tickets, but they only
sell books of ten. Sure, take more of my money. Wednes-
day: Back to public safety for my sticker, but they send
me to the motor pool down the road. (Do any of the ad-
ministrative ofﬁces speak to .one another?) When i ﬁnally
arrive there. i am told that l have to pay another $10 for a
new sticker. Why? i paid over the summer and when l or-
rived in September there was a list of those of us who had
paid. Where's'that list? What about those students that
have both pink and orange stickers on their [05? They
have to pay the $18 to get new ones. What a convenient
way to rip off students. Why not have someone steal IDs
so SUNYA can get more money from us?

Isn't it enough that we pay to be tripled in rooms. have
classes with teachers who can't even speak English, live
downtown because SUNYA has no dorm space and get
ripped off in the bookstore? When will SUNYA start
respecting student rights? When will students start joining
SA‘and similar pro-student rights groups in ﬁghting this
institution for the respect we deserve?
' —-Therese Kennedy

Unfair results

To the Editor:

in response to the airband article, we'd like to express
our opinion.

We were some of the audience members at State
Quad's Airband "(March 8) who witnessed the most ob-
vious and unfair results. We, too. can testify that there
was deﬁnitely something dishonest going on.

We had to laugh when Jackie Bernstein was stated in
Tuesday’s ASP that she "took it personally" that hun-
dreds of people were outraged. Well, what does she ex-
pect? She should have been mature enough to not have
placed herself in a position where she knew what she was
facing a choice between intimate friends and the fair
selection of those who clearly demonstrated contest
qualifications.

She should stop denying all the "accusations" - they're
not. People aren't stupid and we're appalled that she

‘Ircpgeslent'their donations. So". _it__ degided tg‘go, fora

wtthintelligence ofoverlqoo people.

NImés“Wlthhéld'liy"réqu‘e§t ‘
Suite Members on State Quad

Guinness Day

To the Editor:

On Saturday. April 20, Albany students will have an
opportunity to be inscribed in the Guinness Book of
World Records. Student Association is organizing the
world's largest game of musical chairs. This means we
must beat the current record of4,5l4 chairs, which is held
by Ohio State University. We will also participate in the
world's ﬁrst Pepsi wave.

The festivities will begin with registration, where'thc

first five thousand people to sign in will get free t-shirts to

commemorate the event. A local band by the name of

Bovine has donated its services for the day (Bovine has

SUNYA Alum’s playing). Door prizes will be awarded all
ay.

Other records which will be attempted include: hot dog
eating, donut eating, and egg throwing. Anyone in-
terested in breaking a different record is urged to contact
us as soon as possible so that we can secure ofﬁcial
guidelines from Guinness in England. The event will go
on rain or shine in the Administration Circle.

Guinness Day is being co-sponsorcd by Pepsi, Miller
Beer, WPYX-FM and UAS. The Miller hot air balloon
will be on hand as well as the World's largest Miller bottle
and the world's largest Pepsi can. Area colleges and the
local community are encouraged to participate.

Let's show the rest of the world who has the most
school spirit. With the national press coverage this event
is already attracting. Lisa Birnbach will be quite uneasy
with her negative comments about SUNYA. Anyone in-
terested in the organization or implementation of the day,
please contact us in the SA office. Most of all, let's all
Spend an afternoon of fun and relaxation  setting a new
World Record.

—Patty Salkln
—|van Shore
Guinness Day Ctr-chairs

Overlooked facts

To the liditor:

On March 12 an unnamed contributor “role a letter to
the ASP rebuuing Suzy .\uleltu's recent letter concerning
the bus system. We would like to make clear In this per-
still a few points lie/she has overlooked.

First. lie/she supposes that because students live off
campus by their own volition. Ihey should not attempt to
better the bus system since they were not the original

target group of this sen ice. The person slates that “the

university is doing tile off campus students a favor by lot-
ting": the bus make stops alongI the way” between the up—
town and downtown campuses. In fact. off campus
students are doing the university a favor by choosing not
to live in the dorms. The university relies on a sizeuble
percentage of students to llud alternative housing.
Willtoul lllc btls system. nmny sludculs could not live off
campus. If these sludenls were to live on campus, an even
larger overcrowding problem would result. Since having a
large percent age of the st udent population living off cam-
pus is part of the basic l‘uuutlulion of student housing,
the universily is obligated to provide this service.

Second, if there was no bus service for off rumpus
\llttlculs. there would be at large increase in the number of

, curs in the already crowded parking lots. This comes as a

second dircel udvanlnge Illc university enjoys with the bus
system.

Students off campus and on Alumni Quad have lhe
responsibility to question lluu system lllcy rely on Io gel
them to their classes if it is not working. To remain
passive when the system is in desperate need of improve-
menl is simply allowing the \llll\t.‘l'$lly to evade its
responsibilities.

Tile author states tluu off campus students choose to

live off campus and therefore have [0 live with the bus
system. Ycl our-campus \llltlt‘llls also live with the bus
\)'\lClll. They live with it as transportation lo the
downtown burs, the Capitol and events in the city. Both
on and off campus students use the service and without it,
numy would be forced to drive. This would obviously
lend lo inel'enscd drinking lllld driving, increased gas con-
sumplion. and parking problems. Being a state university
this institution must be conscious of lhese facts. The bus
system is an indirect service to the entire community. both
residents and students.
' We as daily users of the system know there are pro-
blems. First. students should not be forced to pay for a
service rhnl is necessary to the university and beneficial to
the community. Second. lherc are not enough buses dur-
ing the rush hours. Third. the buses seem at tithes not to
follow any sel schedule. Fourth. buses can he dangerously
overcrowded during rush hours.

in closing. we would like to join Su/y Atlleua in asking
slutleuls lo voice their grievances with the bus system.

—~l.uuis Jenny
-—.Iuseph Murglutlu

1:

 

