...& OUT THE OTHER

ave you ever, while scanning the
H Placement Ofﬁce corkboard or
sifting through "Help Wanted"
classiﬁeds, secretly hoped you wouldn't
ﬁnd anything? Do you, deep within, be-
lieve your future is in a “low stress" ()0
cupation, such as Official Greeter, Ed
McMahon or Refrigerator Magnet? 'i‘hen
\V’lm/ Color is Your Parody, A .S‘eljlllarm
liltmtmlforjol) Hunters (9 Career Chung-
un‘ tPrice/Stern/Sloan. 5395) could he
just the dose of absurdity you need.
"Y‘know," says attthor Charlie iiaas,
“the book I based this parody on, What
(lo/or it Your l’rtmcbu/v, has sold over 2
million copies and has been on the New
i'm/e Timex Best Seller list for much of
human memory. It's especially big with
college graduates who are about to enter
the woritl of work attd are terriﬁed of it.
Here's this book that on one level is sort
of chummy and companionahie and, on
tlte other hand, remarkably authorita-
rian. it seems to have been a winning
combination."
To give his own book an air of author-
ity, llaas was forced to invent several
imposing facts. such as “in the past ﬁve

Self-Help
Satire—

An Occupational

Hazard?
BY DICK BLACKBURN

years, according to surveys, fully 40 per—
cent of persons earning legal and medi—
cal degrees have become Skid Row al-
coholics within sic months~ of receiving
these degrees, dtte to the lack of avail-
able positions."

Turning “chummy and companion-
ahle," Haas notes certain choice occuptr
tions that are absolutely brimming with
opportunity, self—help book scamming at
the top of the list. Other winning iol)
paths include Vice President for Drug
Deals That Frequently Erupt Into Vio
lence, Prize Stroker (run your hands
over luggage ensembles for TV game
shows) and Reclusive Eccentric Bil-
lionaire (every large corporation needs
one).

How can you tell which job is right for
you? Consider, Haas counsels, whether
your talents lie in the realms of “Data,”
"People" or “Things.” Within the data
field, for instance, exist such possibilities
as "forging, pilaging, plagiarizing, leak-
ing and fabricating." If you're a “people
person," why not base a career on “ma-
nipulating, defrauding, seducing or stick-
ing with the lunch tab."

Finally, ltow did Haas gain the exper-
tise it took to pen a parody of careerism?
“There are those people who never
come to grips with the world of work,"
he admits, “and i'm one of them. i
haven't held an organized job since
1977."

 

Viteiio Sports
l

HQ”

 

KNOW YOUR NFL OFFICIAL'S SIGNALS NO. 101



Personal foul: Unnecessary Breakdancing . . . 15 yards

___.Et® it?

 

 

April 108 ’7, Ampersand

 

the story of Popeye.

press charges.

what is that thing?!

then that's your problem, buddy.

little thing called sand?

could attend.”

 

_
B Y JACK HANDEY

I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history. in every culture, is
When you go in lor a job interview, / think a good thing to ask is it they ever

A nytime anyone asks you what your goals are in life, I think a good joke
answer would be to just start snorting around in the carpet like a pig.

)4 nytime I see something screeoh across a room and latch onto someone's
neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, [have to laugh, because

Sooner or later, you have to sit down and decide what your career is going
to be. But if you want to hang around all day painting pictures. and sell the
pictures [or a lot of money, and have everyone say how talented you are,

Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and lived to
tell about it. So. he decided to get back in his car and keep driving.

There are people who say there is no such thing as a miracle. To these
people, I would just like to ask one simple question: How do you explain a

I bet if you were trying to invent the hot-air balloon, just finding a good
basket to ride in would be hall the battle right there.

I think an embarrassing thing would be i] you opened a present, and inside
was a note that said to look out in front of the house. So, you do, and there‘s
a new car, only its jacked up and the wheels are gone. and the radio's
gone, and there’s no engine. And you say, “Damn! Someone stripped my
car!" But the embarrassing thing is when Dad says: "No, son. This is all I

Watch tor more Deep Thoughts on Television Parts, starring Michael
Nesmlth, on your local NBC station.

 

 

A Call For The Wild

Last issue, you tnay recall, we signalled
our desire to measure the national col-
legiate funny bone. Think of Alan Vile/Io,
whose cartoon we've printed as one oi”
the ﬁrst increments. Vitello was one of
the ﬁrst to respond to our interest in
campus cartoonists anti is the editorial
and sports cartoonist at The Rocky

Mountain Collegkm, the campus news-
paper at Colorado State University in
Fort Collins, Colorado. He's Currently a
junior and he majors in Graphic Design.

Does your campus paper have a re-
markable cartoonist? if so, help them
to some recognition in the pages of
Ampersand. Send some of their fun-
niest work to Campus Cartoonist, Amper-
sand, 305 N. Glenoaks Blvd., Suite 600,
Burbank, CA 91502.

 

