Lines

Welcome to SUNY Albany. . .Please get in
line. if that phrase isn't familiar to you yet. it
will be soon.

Thislis a school of lines. both human and
cement, psychological and physical.

There’s lines for meals, pre-registration,
registration. drop-add. buses. CUE advisers.
housing sign-ups. the moneymatic machines.
elevators to move into the dorms, even xeroxing
at the library.

There’s also cement lines everywhere. They'll
do things to your sanity during finals week.

Beyond those lines. there’s another one; one
that deserves much more serious attention. it’s
the line the University and your peers will put
you on when you arrive here. it's based on four
years at this school during which' you are
expected to complete a major and minor, take
general education courses. maintain a good
social life. keep your grades up. take l2-15
credits per semester and obediently follow
University rules and regulations.

This line is known by a lot of euphemisms.
You might recognize it as “the path to success."
or “the road to riches." Along the way, you'll
find some rewards like a 4.0 or maybe an
invitation to join purple and gold. and a few
obstacles, like a closed course. or a professor
who can’t speak English.

At the end of the line you‘ll find your

line: a prestigious diploma and a high paying
job.

For those of you who don't want to get in line
behind everybody else, you can do things your
own way. but you do them at your own risk.
That means you might not graduate on time or
you might do poorly in a class because you‘re
heavily involved with a student group. By the
time you graduate you‘ll probably have had a
richer college experience than those who stayed
in line. but chances are your transcript will have
paid the price. V

Which way you choose to go on these issues is
up to you. While the lines at the registrar are

 

up most of this campus the line. or path, the
university wants you on is optional. Whether
you ultimately decide to stand in another line is
of little signifcance. What's important is that
you give it some thought between now and
September otherwise it‘ll be too easy to arrive
here and just follow the crowd.

This university has a tremendous amount to
offer. but nobody‘s going to encourage you to
do anything but get on line. the rest is up to‘you.

So. welcome to SUNY Albany. . .please get in
line.

Keep the faith

Since this University’s inception. Chapel
House has graced this campus as both an
attractive landmark and a symbol of religious
sanctity.

Last month that came to an abrupt end when
the interior of Chapel House was' virtually
destroyed by a fire attributed to suspicious
circumstances.

University officials say they are supportive of
the need for Chapel House to continue
providing services to this campus. but they have
demonstrated little enthusiasm for rebuilding the
house itself.

We believe they are making a mistake. Chapel
House provided a forum for interfaith
communication as well as warm. welcoming
atmosphere in the midst of a huge and
impersonal campus. The building itself provided
the perfect setting for the aetivites and events
that took place there.

With a little vocal support from the
University. Chapel House Ofﬁcials would
probably be able to solicit the necessary from
various religious groups around the state.

It's well worth the effort.

 

 

treasure; your reward for not stepping out of

unavoidable. as are the cement lines that make '

 

. 0KOK.-Y0tl
CAN BE BLACK. ; v .

.//

  
 

  
   
   
 
  
  
   

 

   

A Freshman’

When I was a child; i had a terrible recurring
nightmare. in it. l‘d wake up late" for school and in a
panic. hurry as fast as I could to get there. But when l
did. l'd always find the building locked and deserted.

Alice Margaret ,

When I was a freshman. my dream came true. I arrived
in Albany. all ready to check in and start my college
career. only to find every door I tried lockcd‘and the cam-
pus virtually deserted.

I later discovered I had come on the wrong day.
Needless to say. it was not the beginning i had hoped for.

.l laugh about it now. but at the time it was pretty
traumatic. 1 mean. there I was, looking more than a little
scared and pttthetic. with all my worldly possessions.
realizing that no sooner 'had I set foot on campus than
something went wrong.

Right then and there I knew the next four years were
not going to be easy. >

Oh. l recovered from my initial crisis. finding solace in
the fact that the whole incident was my mother's fault
(she disagrees). and embarked upon what 1 envisioned as
a whole new life.

 

 

t was in pursuit of days filled with higher learning and
intellectual stimulation. good times and meaningful rela-
tionships. independence and control of my own life -— I
didn‘t think that was too much to ask. it soon became ap-
parent. however that life at the university. and its amaz-
ingly never ending supply of fun surprises for all occa-
sions. had other plans for me.

The first clue came the day I ventured to the infirmary
in search of relief from wthl thought was just a nasty
cold. After a brief examination and case history. a. ten-‘
tative diagnosis was reached — i had tuberculosis.
Naturally. l was mildly perturbed..l mean. when you‘re
sick you always think you're dying or have some terrible
disease, but you never expect to hear it.

So. i hastened down to the Board of Health. sure that
my worst fears would be confirmed. got a chest X-ray.
and returned back to my dorm to inform my suitemates
of my impending demise and await the bad news. As it
turned out. l had a mild case of bronchitis and would pro-
bably live. With this near brush with death under my belt.
I was confident that l could handle just about anything.

Pre-registration was to' be my next probletn. After
dutifully meeting with my CUE advisor and spending
hours carefully choosing my courses. arranging it so that
i wouldn't have to get up too early. 1 discovered that for
some mysterious reason. there was a hold on my records.

Thinking this was an obstacle which could be easily
taken care of. I set out in search of the cause. After

   

s nightmare

waiting on quite a few linestwith quite a few other people
investigating their baffling holds).,and making quitea
few inquiries at quite a few offices. l uncovered that there
was in fact no hold on my records — it was merely some
kind of freak computer error.

This was good news and bad news. The good news was
that now could register. i also got an interesting tour of
the administration building. The bad news was that by
that time. most of the classes in my carefully constructed
schedule were closed.  r " "

Things did not get much better once i actually got into
the classroom. Determined to do well academically. i
started out stttdying diligently. However. when i got back
my first exam in political science with a note saying my
essays were ‘interesting' but 'totally missed the point'. I
began to wonder if perhaps I was studying a little too
hard.

Or maybe political science just wasn't my thing. So I
tried Sociology. That was better. except that sotnehow my
professor lost my final exam. and to make up for'it I
would have to write a ten page paper analyzing our two
tbook which l had already sold back to the bookstore.

These are just a few of the experiences I've ac-
cumulated over the years..l'm' sure that. every student at
this university could add to the list. But not, everything
happens here in such an ass-backwards fashion -— those
things are just more fun to write about. . v ‘ .

To be perfectly frank. lfve probably had some of the
best times and entered into some of the most satisfying
relationships of my life right here at SUNY Albany. I‘ve
also achieved a plateau of higher learning. although a vast
majority of the knowledge I've gained was not cultivated
in the classroom. ’ ' ' '

This knowledge was gathered through interacting with
different kinds of people and handling different kinds of
situations. The ability to do that brings me to what I feel
is the most important of the goals I set for mySelf when I
entered college —— independence. '

The way l see it. when you go away to college a certain
amount of independence is forced on you. Basically. you
have no choice but to be independent in some respects.
because if you don't take responsibility for yourself.
nobody else will. _

Anything beyond that. most specifically the ability to
effectively handle any real life situation that comes along
is what really starts you on the road — along road l'll ad-
mit — to independence. 1

So you see. in spite of all the problems you may ex-
perience at this university. and all the times you may curse
out your professors or the administration or your room-
mate. it‘s all just part of the plan to prepare you for the
phenomenon dreaded by all graduating seniors — real
life.

The Albany Studint Press:
Profetionals in jernalizm

 

r

 

   

l - .

 

 
 
          
      

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
   

  
   

  
   

SUNYA Summer 1 985

 

 

going to regret it if it wasn't me.” .

“'These are the words of Ron Howard discussing
his latest directorial effort, Cocoon. The youthful-looking,
red-headed. heckled-faced 3t year-old lives up to his reputa-
tiOn asxa genuinely nice guy. During an interview at the
Plaza Hotel in Manhattan. Howard laughed heartily. smiled
constantly. and actually used phrases such as "gee." “boy.”
and "neat." ‘

[ [Somebody was going to make'this movie and l was

' Ian Spelling ‘-

Cocoon is the story of four elderly couples. residents of
Florida's Sunny Shores old folk's home. Through contact
with the life-giving powers of an alien race, they regain their
vim and vigor. as well as a spirit of youthfulness. This
enables them to eScape their collectively drab existence.
Among the veterans under Howard's command are Don
Ameche, Gwen Verdon, Hume Cronyn, Jessica Tandy. and
Oscar-winner Maureen Stapleton. ' \

‘ The final result of Howard's work is yet another fantasy.
one in the same charming vein as Splash. That he is produc-
ing fantasies of late surprises‘no one more than Howard
himself. They are "something i never thought l'd want to
do." admitted Howard. "l've always been interested in
honest emotional reactions and things you can really relate
to. even if it is just a‘ comedy. Even though i appreciate
tanasy it was just something l never thought about getting -
involved with. (Splash producer) Brian Grazer kind of had to
talk me into Splash. I didn't develop Cocoon. l iust'came in-'
to it. I still don't know‘ whether it's something I would
choose to do on my own. ‘ .

“in the case of Cocoon, the fanatsy. the science fiction.
and the characters became a 'very appealing package. i
couldn't resist."

Should Cocoon pro‘ve to be a box office hit, Howard can
count on being dubbed the next "wunderkind." However,
Howard believes current wunderkind Steven Spellberg
deserves recognition for reversing the image of aliens as
marauding hideous creatures to that of another race simply
attempting. to communicate with their neighbors in the
universe. '

“You have to credit Spielberg with that," said Howard. "l
was talking to him the other day and he was asking me how
Cocoon was going. He likes the story. He knew about it for
a long time because he did a couple of pictures for
(producers) Zanuck and Brown. He said. 'So. how’s it going?’

i said, 'Well, aliens. boy. I blame you for this. Working with
these special effects and everything.’ And he said. 'Yeah, i

 

0n HoWardz-r =  

out o  the Cocoon

Wise.’ So it's been around for awhile. I take no credit for it
all. but I really like the new slant on it. it's neat."
With all his‘efforts to create'amiable aliens. comes the in
evitablmquestion.’ Does Ron Howard. forever television‘s
‘ Opie and Richie Cunningham. believe inUFO's and aliens?
“I believe in UFO‘s." replied Howard with a defensive smile.
"but, here's why. My friend Charlie Martin Smith, who was'
in American Graffiti and Starman. has shalt-brother who
a was involved in‘some kind of research. We always been in-
clined to believe in UFO’s. We never seen one, though We
talked to some people who claimed they have. They seem
to be fairly convincing. But Charlie talked to a friend of his
brother's who actually does the same thing in Starinan. He
goes around researching these things. lt's a secret job. but he
started telling about a few things. '

“ ...‘the fantasy, the science fiction, and
the characters became a very appeal-

ing package... ”
‘ - Ron Howard

 

"There is supposedly a small satellite in our atmosphere
which is circling the earthat about the speed of a bullet. You
can't see it, and you can't photograph it. A few years ago
there wercsome bizarre helicopter accidents. Helicopters
kept going down in exactly the same place. What i heard
through Charlie was that this was that satellite zooming by
and knocking these things down. They kept the whole thing

 

 

_ rushed to it. Maybe if the film gets good reviews and the ad

pretty.quiet. That area is actually out of the flight'pattern
now. You're not sdpposed to go through it. it iust makes
sense to Inc that there's life on other planets and that if there
is they'd be checking us out, in some Way or another. A
satellite sounds perfect to me."

in addition to presenting aliens in a positive light. Cocoon
aims to furnish younger audiences with a fresh image of
older people. This is asking for trouble when the bottom
line is money. To recoup its seventeen and one-half million
dollar production cost, Cocoon must attract the all-
important [7-25 age group. "The results from our test
screenings have been great for that very audience. So what
we know is if they Show up, they seem to really respond to
the movie. As. tar as getting them there?" Howard question-
ed. "i think it might take a little time. l'd be surprised if’they

 

campaign looks lively and interesting enough... i could be

  

 

 

said the same thing to Bob (The Day the Earth Stood Still)

u‘m   . I #315 w w

4

 

  

Re.me

  
 

dxﬂlwtdlmh.WrmW-Wltmw ﬁbre; .vv‘... vzwn..................v...” ....; min t u t I I r o

 
 

very wrong about that." ‘

Part of the appeal of Cocoon rests in the fact that it is in-
deed the actors themselves running. rampant on the screen
and performing their own stunts. "They surprised the hell
out of me!" exclaimed Howard with an air of amazement.
"They really did. i expected to double all that stuff. They
resented that attitude. Wilford Brimley said. ’l might not be
able to do a flipfbut I sure as hell can look like l'm trying.
isn't that the main thing?’ I said. 'Ycah.’ It was great to be
able to crank the camera up and go slow motion and sec
Hume Cronyn doing a back dive. and see Wilford doing his
flip, and see Don Amcche doing these dives."

in addition to diving. the actors learned to scuba dive. Un-
fortunately. Howard was able to use' only one shot. of
Cronyn under water. because the shots simply were not

 

 

 

clear enough. Another activity crucial to Cocoon's success is
dancing. Don Amcchc. renowned for just about everything
except dancing, took lessons in order to keep up with
hoofer Cwen Verdon. The results of Ameche's efforts were
one of Howard's favorite scenes to shoot. "We had so many
‘people from St. Petersburg. and they were all getting the
biggest kick out of the whole thing,” said Howard, in his
best "aw. shucks" phrasing. "Then I thought. ’Cec, here i am
shooting these sweeping dolly shots of Don Amechc and
Gwen Verdon dancing.’ This is something i never expected
to be able to do.”

Having been in the business for 10 of his .’~l years.
Howard has a solid understanding of actors and the craft. "l
believe in actors." declared Howard."| think they are smart.

.Their ideas are more helpful tnan not. When you're a direc-
tor, you kind of see things in'a certain way. That‘s good. it's
good that you have a plan. But there are lots of ways to get
to that goal. What l hit upon a few years back was that even
though I might have a preconceived notion of what I want
an actor to do to get there, if the actor has a choice which
also gets us there. l'd rather use his choice. l'm always en-

. couragng them to contribute.

"This movie," concluded Howard, "is as tunny and
humorous as it is mostly because of the little things, little
details. that they were able to throw in. if they'd been stick-
ing right to the script and doing things just the way i wanted
them to, a lot of those things would have been lost."

Ron Howard appears to have forsaken acting in his pur-
suit of all those "little things." "i am committed to directing,"
hc firme stated. "so, i don’t really look for acting roles."
Although he doesn't search for parts he "would take a iob it
it came along." One possibility is a return to his roots. televi~
sion's Mayberry. RFD. in Return to Maybcrrv. Would he
do it? "Yes. if the timing works out."

Even if he never acts ‘again. Ron Howard will continue to
make his mark in film. W

  

iail

 

   
  
 
  
  
    
   
 
  
    
 
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 

 
   

blame! a arw.‘JJ€-hhfvw. vv vv 1 v v '1 a v t p“.-

