 

 

 

 

 

WI

 

 

 

20 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS Cl FRIDAY, APRIL 26. I985 . ,  . .   . , . ~ ~  ~

f

Student A'3sociation & UAS present:

 

 

 

 

 

 L

 

 

 

 

Comedy in the Dutchess
Friday, April 26th

Featuring-,- 8:30pm and 10:30pm

 

ack Swersie - The juggling comedian. Witness Jack jug-
gle flaming Chinese devil sticks, machetes, and bowling

balls.

Bill Sheft - Regular emcee at CatCh A Rising Star, ap-
peared on HBO Campus Comedy, Cinemax, The
Richard Belzar Show, USA Night Flight, opening act for

Joe Piscipo.

Denise Moses - from Catch A Rising Star, The Improv,
The Comic Strip, Atlantic City, appeared in Live at the
Fives and numerous other TV commercials.

 

 

Tickets are $4.00 and available at the door
(Special Dutchess Menu)
T-Shirts, hats, jackets, and a trip to visit comedy
nightclubs will be given away and rattled off.
(Courtesy of Lite Beer)

sponsored by SA and UAS

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Donna MacKenzle
STAFF WRITER

Central Council passed a budget for Stu-
dent Association for the l985-86 year by a
vote of i5;0—0 in its last meeting of the year
Wednesday night.

The intercollegiate Athletic budget pass-
ed by unanimous consent at the meeting.

Steve Landis, the Legislative Budget
Committee Chair, introduced changes in
group budgets tnade by the committee.
Any group who disagreed with the changes
was allowed to address Council as their
group's budget was proposed.

The committee requested that the
literary magazine "Nadir" be written out
of the budget, because, Landis said, “.last
year “Nadir” said they would have the
magazine out this year at an early date and
it has not come out yet." Landis also cited
a possible duplication of services with the
“Albany Review."

Joe Heithaus. speaking on behalf of
“Nadir,” said that the leader of "Nadir"
"had made promises last year that l realiz-

ed we could not keep." He also denied that ,

there was a duplication of services.

Gary Generun, from the “Albany
Review,” said that he was disturbed about
“Nadir” being cut from the budget, citing
a need for two literary magazines on
campus.

After discussion, the amendment to take
“Nadir” out of the budget failed by a vote
of 8-9-0.

Russo and John Markous then proposed
a rider stating that “‘Nadir' has to be
delivered to the printer by March 17, 1986
or‘ its budget would be frozen for the
1985-86 year on that date."

Mark Mishler, SA Legal Services direc-

tor, came before the Council to request an ,

additional $3,650 to hire a professional
secretary for his office. Mishler said he has
seen about 1,200 students this year and
that he does some of the typing and copy-

ing himseif'because his student lsecietary
has had to work around'her class schedule
and also because of the need to, respect
privacy. A professional secretary would be
much more efﬁcient, he maintained.  .

Council voted to appropriate money for
the hiring of the professional secretary
li-4-0.

Jewish Students Coalition (JSC-Hiiiei)
came to protest cuts in its services and
educational lines. Elliot Frome, JSC-Hiilel
President. told Council “JSC-Hillel merg-

I U
Sit-m
<Front Page
Biinken, as he addressed the board.
“That's all it would be —- a symbolic
gesture.” said Trustee D. Clinton
Dominick. “Were we to divest our
holdings they' would be sold to someone
,else." Those companies might not follow
the Sullivan Principles if SUNY were not
overseeing them, said Dominick.
‘The Board of Trustees approved a
policy which directs SUNY to use a private
evaluation of firms in which SUNY invests

Speech _
<9

in the room he said, "You don’t unders-
tand our pain.”

“They have robbed you of your own
mind and have given you their mind," he

- declared. . '

“Farrakhan can’t be swept under the
rug and ignored." he said. "i won’t go
away, no power can frighten me," he
added. 4

To all those who expressed their hatred
for him he said: “Ask yourself why...you
hate me.-lt is because l’m a black man that
you do not control. i’m hated because i
dare to speak what I believe is true."

He said it is necessary that students"

FRIDAY, APRIL 26, I985 U ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

council passes ’85-’86 budget at final meeting

ed with the Flame which has 5150 and we
cannot cut the mailings."

Landis explained that “JSC-Hillel has

110 members and expects ’ 60 more
members, so we feel we can cut their mail-
ings from 350 to 175.".
' Frome also protestedagainst cuts in the
educational line because “we have a poten~
tial constituency of 4,000 who have dif-
ferent interests and want to hear different
speakers." ‘

The cut in the support services line was

to ensure that the principles are followed.
Companies which fail to follow the prin-
ciples will not be supported by SUNY, the
report filed by the Committee on Budget,
investment, and Capital Programs said.

Andrew Chin. a SUNY Stony Brook
senior. was a member of the sit-in but was
not allowed to return after he left to visit
the men's room. ‘ ‘Spirits were really up, so
no one is very hungry, even though they
won't let us have any food," Chin said.
“We'll last as long as it takes."

black and white are “Exposed to ideas that
are in the world and you have to deal with
when you leave" the university.

in adressing the educational system, he
said, “these universities..'.train you to
serve an order by the few for the many, by
the rich and not the poor and not to
challenge (it)."

“lfyou do not see further than the peo-
ple who teach you then you cannot make
progress." He said he feels that in this
education system “you don't challenge the
reader to (look) beyond the writer." '

“The earth and the sun gives you color
and if you can't look beyond your color
than you haven't reached humanity yet.”

restored; however, the cut in the education
line passed.

The Scuba Club was taken out of the
budget because it was disorganized and the
members did not seem to .be
knowledgeable about managing a group,
according to Landis.

John Seyour noted it is hard to start up a
group, and said that the club deserved a
chance, but the amendment to delete the
group passrd l0-5-2. ii

“i never thought it would be so easy to
get press or be a PR. person,” said Mac-
Dougali as the students were being booked
at the Division ll Police station. “We are
taking a much less passive role from here
on in." she added, saying, “We‘ve been
submitting resolutions and having debates
for six years," with little result.

The protest was planned in coordination
with a nation-wide effort by student
groups to promote divestiture, Mac-
Dougali said. Cl

he said. “To be human means you have
mastered this flesh (which is from the
earth) to be superior to the ﬂesh," said
Farrakhan.

“A government is in Washington that is
not a government of men but of beasts
struggling to be human," he said. “The ar-
my is made up of 40 percent blacks
fighting for a country that don't give a
damn about us."

He added that there is a _“conspiracy"
going on against the black man. “They
amend the constitution but do nothing to
amend the condition." Farrakhan sug-
gested that present day whites must
“divorce the past andact justly." [j

 

 

5?

Cops to lst 100 people
T-shirts to lst 50 peeple

w! tax sticker

 

 

alumni Quad Board 2. Miller Rot

SZ advance ﬁlumni dinner lines

53 at event w! tax sticker
$5.50 at event wlo tax sticker

\

‘85?

k' Series present...

{the .eaﬁaowogma

FEHTURIHG:
THE WORKS , N
THE STOMPLISTICS Icecmmuumned)

cost of “THE WIZ" and other student acts .

'S@T@R§@Gﬁv 4M2?
@MJWWU @l@@ @@@Tv@®®
I.D. Required to Drink U H 33 D @3@

Pepcorn
Cotton Candy
Balloons
T-shirts on sale

3.“. Funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

