April '12, 1985

NUMBER 16

vol. UM}? '1." X113

No cersto Wilson’s. whereabouts after 1 6 days

Police departmentsjoin forces to find Vtﬁlson

By Pamela Schusterman
STAFF WRITER

. _, 350 students participate in search for clues
It? I ‘ . i I t ‘ y    Dean Chang -

'MANAGING EDITOR * -
As Dawn Stent waitedto board the bus that would take her group to search for missing A total cooperative effort is being made throughout SUNYA as well as by county.
SUNYA student Karen Wilson. she said she felt a pit in her stomach. state and regional police departments. according to Director of SUNYA Public Safety,
“I‘m afraid and nervous. very nervous." said Stcnt. “it’ll be kind of hard. not know- Jim Williams, to ﬁnd Karen Wilson. a SUNYA student reported missing since March 2'!
ing what to find." ' _ .when she failed to return to her Colonial Quad dorm room as expected.
Stent was one of about 350 students that showed up to participate in the search for At this point extensive searches are being held in an effort to locate Wilson. who is
Wilson. missing since March 27 ' ‘u‘dents were to look for anyevidence that would sup- believed to have been last seen walking south on Fuller Road toward Washington Avenue
port 'Or supplement previous knowledge . . ‘ near the entrance of six mile waterworks.

l
i
i

 

“Our major concern at this point is to

 

 

__ ﬁiilllllkell i flit mural 1 lift ‘—

 we’nsﬂmi;  

 

..1

about Wilson's whereabouts when last
seen. But the search was not to be an easy
one. especially for students who knew
Wilson personally. V '. ‘

v “if i fouitd Karen. _['d scream first and
then l’d cry,” said Stent. who'w'orked with
Wilson this year on the University Judicial
Committee. “1 do want to find her.
because there’s still that question mark in
my mind. i want to ﬁnd '
something."

Richard Butterﬁeld, News
one of the many state
troopers that coor- Fea‘ure.
dinated the search. is a

K-9 handler, and is thus familiar with sear-
ching for lost persons, prison escapees and
the like.

' “It wilibe a tough thing for the students
to do." said, Butterfield. “Even for a
police officer. it’s tough. 1 Was a diver for
the police yaltrsbackyand [recovered l8

drowning victim‘s. It's part of the job. But ‘

Chronology ~ “
of events e

WEDNESDAY. MARCH 27
7:00 p.m.: Wilson arrives at
the Tanning Hut on Can-
tral Ave for her
appointment. , '
1:15: Wilson leaves the
Tanning Hut. This was the .
last thing that the State
Police are- sure about
Wilson's whereabouts on
that night.

THURSDAY. MARCH 28

' 3:30 a.m‘.: Wilson’s friends

called the police. but were
told to wait until the bars
close. . _ ' ‘ ‘

for any guy .on the road that doesn't do , .

this..." ‘

“If the students did find her, it would be
something for them to remember the rest‘
of their lives," he added.

For the students that came, the desire to
help out overwhelmed-the fear of ﬁnding
something unpleasant.

“If it were me, I would want people to "

look for me." said sophomore Carmel
Reilly. “I'd want to find anything to help
her parents. But l'm still uneasy, because
you don’t know what you're going to
ﬁnd." ‘

The last bus pulled away from the
Public Safety Building. on its way to Fuller
Road. As the bus slowed to a stop, the
students began to file out slowly. almost
reluctantly. one of the last students t‘éstep
off the bus Was graduate student Tracey
Carmichael. who knew Wilson well

7»

were. told that her name 7,

would be put on the

teletype list as avmlssing

person 48 hours alter her ‘1 ,
disappearance.

Karen; Wilson

FRIDAY. MARCH 29: Through efforts ol Wilson's parents, who were now in Albany.
and Libby Post. former SA Media Director. news of Wilson's disappearance began to
filter out through radio. television and newspapers. . .

SATURDAY. MARCH 30 to MONDAY, APRlL 1: State troopers. K-9 divisions and
helicopters were brought to the scene, and began to comb the areas where Wilson was
feponediy last seen.'0n Monday. the University sent out letters to each student. pro- .
vldlng-inlormation about the Wilson disappearance.

TUESDAY. APRIL 2 to MONDAY. APRIL 8: Posters were put up while state police con-
tinued their investigation. There were two separate reports of Wilson being seen the
night of her disappearance on Fuller Road. The first saw Wilson around Railroad
Avenue. walking towardcampus. The second saw Wilson closer to the Thruway.
TUESDAY. APRIL 9: The student search was suggested and approved of.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 10: Posters about‘tho search were posted, RA’s were given
posters on each quad. and volunteers were recruited on dinner lines.

THURSDAY. APRIL 11': The day of the search. with no new evidence turning up.

possible to help the search. She added.

do everything we can to locate Karen,”
said SUNYA President Vincent O’Leary.

Wilson. a senior, is about five feet three
inches tall. weighs “5 pounds and has
light sandy brown hair and light brown
eyes. She is 22 years old and is believed to
have been wearing blue jeans. a blue short
sleeve shirt. a white rain coat and white
tennis shoes. She may have been wearing
large rimmed glasses.

Students on campus have shown their
committment and concern with the pro-
blem by participating in a student search
held Thursday.

According to Williams. about 300
SUNYA students participated in a

ootsearch" that covered several square
miles of wooded area on and around cam-
pus. The search lasted from to am. until
3:30 p.m.. said Williams. but no leads
were found.

“The students were fantastic, the tur-
nout was much more than expected."
hams said. "they deserve credit."

if cooperation on campus in this
sea‘rc extends to all areas. According to
Frank Pogue. Vice President of Student
Affairs, both Colonial Quad and Student
Association are helping to get students in-
volved in the search. "One thing that is be-
ing projected by all aspects of the universi-
ty is the need to be aware of each other,"
he said.

According to SA President Rich Schaf—
fer, SA has been involved from the mo-
ment they were/notified by Public Safety
that Wilson was missing. "We ran off all
the flyers and sent letters to the group
leaders to get people involved." he said.

Colonial Quad Board President Lori
Friedman said that Colonial Quad was do-
ing their best to recruit as many students as

 

17>

Liit' isn't always rosy. litti yutt ('llll input-1‘0 iilt'
t‘ttlttr uiittty'rtttttui wiilt KUtldt‘ill'Ulllt',JS and in].
Villlllh‘, iiil'iit'ﬁl t'ttlttr Sii(ll"_iillll.‘i t'vt'r' lrttttrlx'ttrlnlt.

 

 

  

'.l,'ilttt,s“iit.tl tit-liver t'lt-att, (Tif-‘li. sniurnl't-tl t't)i_l)l".‘i.
' ' liitflliiit'SiI itlllt'h'. iixirt'tttt-ly littt- grain. /\t

 

Isltitrp (litflttil'iu litiiit illniit'iiulli hurl
.SIIAI(1(H\’S.W‘I”IKUd-H'illailllt'dﬁ‘rllldV

‘04 iiilllﬁ int" t'uittr .‘s‘iitit'S.-ylllll‘ ttttuuis. .
won't ititft' .t sliitili- nl iiu-ir incurring. 

 V irratixr'tititcgobs )i.’

 

 

 

c; .

,: g .. ‘
. ‘.

 

 

 

Bonnie Banter I .

“Curriculum Is presented with 1 male tiles"
't
l
.l

a

By Doreen Clark .

'The curriculum in institutions of higher
education is presented with a male bias.
and excludes women's contributions in
many fields, according to Bonnie Spanier,
the director of SUNYA's Women Studies
Program. -

Spanier, a Harvard University graduate
who previously worked at Wheaton Col-
lege in a program designed to develop the
study of women in various disciplines.
made her remarks Wednesday as part of
the President's inaugural Lectureship
Series. '

Women’s contributions. said Spanicr,
are often virtually ignored in areas as
diverse as literature. science, and
philosophy. and therefore leaves education
incomplete.

One example she cited was Jansten's
History ofAri', which ignores artworks by
women in the fields of quilting and
gardens. Perhaps more seriously. she said.
is the failure by researchers to include
women in many labor or psychology

  '9" Male bias keeps women ’s. roles but of academia

studies.
it has only been recently, Spanier told

the audience, that decisions as to who or.

what is considered important have not
been completely male oriented. “Even the
rats (in psychology experiments) were
white and male," she added.

Professors that have increased informa-
tion concerning women in their curriculum
have noticed increased interest in the
course by students. Spanier noted.
Students also seem to think more critically
instead of accepting information readily,
Spanicr said.

One source Spattier quoted said. “i
tltink that it is essential to integrate the
study of women throughout the cur-
ricuiunt. Our (status) as scholars is at
stake."

Another advantage she pointed out in-
volvcs the perspective of women outside of
the classroom. “Taking women seriously
in the classroom." she said. “will promote
taking women seriously in the world."
Curriculum must also be updated as it in-

cludes newly found and researched
information.

Many institutions do show an interest in
including women ’s contributions in educa-
tion. as over seventy institutions par-
ticipated in a 1983 National Conference
held by Wheaton College. she said. in-
dustries such as Ford have also offered
grants for research and development in the
field.

Different approaches have been
developed to incorporate the study of
wontcn into curriculum. One method has
been to hire new faculty members by pro
viding seminars on women's contributions
to a discipline. This approach was follow-
cd by Yale University. which also offers a
major in Women’s Studies.

Other universities make use of con—
sultitnts in the field. Such consultants hold
workshops to present the information to
existing faculty. Spanicr said. adding the
project developed in Wheaton involved the
use of seminars. lectures. and study groups

' >

 
 

