 

SPORTS , 
dents also proposed that any NCAA re-
strictions resulting from violations by a
coach be applied to that coach even if he
has already moved to another institution—
a provision that might have penalized
Florida‘s Pell for previous problems at
Clemson. (The athletes’ accountability
proposal must be ratiﬁed by the NCAA
convention next February; the others are
now official NCAA rules.)

The most far-reaching ofthe presidents‘
initiatives was a proposal immediately
dubbed “the death penalty.“ At any insti-
tution found guilty of two major NCAA
violations in any sport within a ﬁve-year
period, the program guilty of the second
violation would be all but wiped out for up
to two years: no recruiting, no scholarships
and perhaps no ganws. That could be dev-
astating for schools like Southern Method-
ist, which has been involved in NCAA
violations in ii ofthe past 14 years and last
month was hit with one of the harshest
penalties ever imposed on an athletic pro-

I
If you're IIISillﬂ because
you're [It'll cheating. lllll
have to make a HECiSiOII:
90! tired 0' cheat:

—Joe I’afemu
Football mach. Penn Slate

gram. After a 26-month investigation, the
NCAA prohibited SMU front awarding
any new football scholarships next year
and cut its new scholarship allotment itt
half for the following year; the Mustangs
are barred from television appearances in
1986 and front bowl games for two sea-
sons. The death penalty was a bold stroke,
and a potentially controversial one, but
it became an NCAA rule with 98.6 per-
cent of the vote. in fact, every proposal
brought to the convention floor passed
overwhelmingly, some unanimously—a
tribute not only to the presidents‘ new
clout in athletic policy but also to high-
er education's profound embarrassment
about its sports scandals.

For the presidents the victory was as
satisfying, though certainly not as profit-
able, as winning a big bowl game. “Now
that everybody in the business knows how
serious the penalties are, you‘d have to be
very, very foolish to knowingly commit a
violation," said Florida‘s Criser, who was
relieved that the convention had turned
back an effort to make the death penalty
retroactive. Tulane‘s Kelly, who has stead-
fastly defended his decision to eliminate
the basketball team, allowed that if the
tougher penalties had been in place, he
might not have acted so dramatically. Wal-
ter Byers, the crusty executive director of

[0

 

the NCAA who has said that as many as
30 percent of college athletic programs
cheat in some way, pronounced the con-
vention “a historic moment in intercolle-
giate athletics."

For all the back-patting, it remains to be
seen how well the new rules will work. Some
prominent coaches—the people whose co-
operation is most needed to make them
work—applaud the attempts at reform.
“Many institutions have given in to the
amusement aspect of athletics," complains
Penn State's l’aterno. “We have moved out
ofthe realm ofeducation into a realm where
coaches go out and buy players.“ Yet others
bear out the theory, advanced by Miami
president Edward T. Foote II, that if one
considers only the athletic issues in isola-
tion, "perfectly well-meaning people will
end up in a different place.“ University of
Oklahoma basketball coach Billy Tubbs,
for one, ﬁnds the rules often unrealistic in
the real world. He complains that athletes
aren‘t allot- ed to work during the school
year, that CLJChCS can't meet with their
players in the off season or buy them a
dinner to talk about their problems or offer
their parents a cup of coffee. In his day,
Tubbs says, the coach was a father ﬁgure,
somebody who could look out for his guys.
But the way things are going now, Tubbs
frets, two things will happen to a potential
athlete at birth: “First they're going to hit
you on the butt to make sure you‘re breath-
ing attd all. Second, they're going to have to
give you an NCAA rule book.“

So far, the problems don‘t begin quite
that early. But they show up soon enough,
with gifted young athletes pampered and
groomed for stardom. often at the expense
of academics. The recruiting wars may be-
gin as early asjunior high, and the NCAA
makes a point of contacting outstanding
high-school sophomore and junior athletes
to warn them ofthe sharks in the water. But
one aspect of the recruiting process, de-
signed to minimize abuse, speaks volumes
about the nature of the business: star ath-
letes don‘t signify their college choices by
sending in room deposits like other stu-
dents; they sign contractual “letters of in-
tent,“ as if they were already coming to
terms with the Lakers or 49ers.

College admissions officers are the pre-
sumed gatekeepers; their job is to admit
students who can be expected to do well at
their schools and who fulﬁll the schools‘
needs. “Fulfilling the school‘s needs" is the
loophole, which is sometimes wide enough
for a defensive tackle to slip through. Ad-
missions oliicers routinely categorize schol-
arship athletes as special-interest-group
candidates, like a gifted violinist or a com-
puter prodigy or a minority student who
might be admitted in the cause of ethnic
diversity. But athletes are different, espe-
cially "franchise" players who can almost
single«handcdly change a university‘s com-
petitive fortunes(page l3). “lt'we‘retalking

It's In

‘ pared with any group of students anywhere.

 

 

 

since that gray saturday,‘aﬁern00n in
1928 when Knutc Rockno'pﬁreparing an
undermnnned team to facepowuful Army,
begged his players to "win onefortlie Gip-
per,” Notre Dame has epitomized big-time
college sports. The legend of the Fighting
Irish is so powerful that-many people as-
sume the university.th be a sports fac-
tory, where pampered athletes such as Joe
Theismann and Joe Montana are treated
like gods by an awed faculty and adoring
student body. 0n the contrary, L'Univer-
sité de Notre Dame du Lac (still the ofﬁcial
name of the school, which was founded by a
French priest in 1842) is one of the few
institutions where the cloying term “stu-
dent-athlete" actually resembles the truth.

VarsitynthletesatNotreDamemustme'et
the university‘s tough . , ;
admission standards ‘
and cannot play if
they have transferred
from a junior college.
Tocompetetheymust
maintain the same 2.0 ’
grade-point average
required of all stu-
dents for extracurri-
cular activities. Just
as important, they
must take courses
leading to a degree in
four years; unlike al-
most every other in- '
stitution with a big-
time program, Notre
Dame will not “red shirt" its athletes to gain
them an extra year of eligibility.

 

The Golden Dame

M ore than 98 percent of these athletes
graduate, an astonishing ﬁgure corn-

And Notre Dame doesn’t rely on its tennis
or fencing squads to bolster its graduation
statistics. Basketh] coach Digger Phelps
boasts a 100 percent graduation record for
his players since he arrived in 1969, and
only a few, like superstar Adrian Dantley.
needed to return to get their degrees while
playing pro ball. Last year, for the third year
in a row, Notre Dame won the College
Football Association's Academic Achieve-
ment Award for graduating 27 of its 28
scholarship seniors (Duke shared the hon-
or, graduating 22 of 23). “There are no
popcorn courses at Notre Dame, no physcd
degrees," says Jim Lynch, captain of the
1966 national championship team and a
linebacker for ll seasons with the Kansas
City Chiefs.

Notre Dame has maintained its academic

 

 

 

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER 1985

II'iSII lllCIi 'i
integrity and avoided scandals because of, a
the unequivocal policies set by the two Holy V ;’

Cross priests who have run the university.
for three decades, Fathchheodore M. Hes

burgh, the president, and his right-hand- V
man, Father Edmund Joyce, the executive; "

vice president who oversees the athletic pro-
gram. Digger Phelps vividly remembers the”
orders Hesburgh and Joyce gov: him when
he was hired, the same message they‘ve
personally addressed to every new coach:
“They told me three things very clearly: we
want our athletes to graduate, we want to be
competitive and we won‘t stand for cheat-
ing. It‘s as simple as that. There‘s no room
for misunderstanding.“

Because it doesn't bend its admission
minimums Notre Dame must pass up many
top prospects. “I can't
recruitmaybc 40 per-
cent of high-school
athletes," says football ‘
coach- Gerry Faust.
“It’s not that they're
dumb,but they haven’t
taken the right pre-
paratory courses to get
into this university.”
Milt Jackson, a senior
split end who will take
the CPA exam next
spring and eventually
attend law school, was
aggressively recruited
by six major universi-
ties. “None of them
offered me anything illegal,“ recalls
Jackson. “But the only one to empha-
size academics was Notre Dame, and that's
why I'm here." .

‘Tauchdownksus’

Academic adviser Mike DeCicco with football star Mil! Jackson: Education first

arship athletes in every freshman class are
brought to campus early for meetings with
.DcCicco and Father Joyce, plus special ori-
entation sessions on study habits, budgeting
time and scheduling classes. “We set the
tone right off the bat," says DcCicco.
“They‘re here for an education. Sports
comes second. I don‘t care if they're playing
Southern Cal for the national champiom
ship, classes come ﬁrst." Those with schol-
arships also learn—though NCAA rules
prohibit it from being stated in recruiting—
that Notre Dame has made them a four-year
commitment. Unless he ﬁunks out or is
expelled for disciplinary reasons, no Irish
athlete will have his scholarship taken away,
even if he can‘t make the team or quits a

fawn.'AtMetic director Gene Corrigan says

Back in 1962 Father Joyce appointed - > '

Mike DcCicco, a mechanical-engineering,
professor, as full-time academic adviser for

all athletes—and cheerleaders and team -

managers. DeCicco, who looks and talks

like a line coach. makes sure that all of his ' "
charges attend classes, keep up their grades. ,

and stay on track for graduation. Unlike _ -

academic advisers at many schools, Dc<' .
Cicco does not work for the athletic dcpart- V
ment. His only boss is Father Joyce, whose 3 -
ofﬁce is just down the hall on the third ﬂoor V ‘ -
under the Golden Dome. DeCicco posr -

sesscs absolute authority to order an athlete
with faltering grades to get off a practice
ﬁeld or even to drop a sport if it is jeopardiz-
ing his chances of graduating. “if Mike says
a guy has to miss the rest of spring football
because of grades," says Faust. “I don’t
even bother to argue." '

 

The 100 or so scholarship and nonschol-,

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER 1985

Football cocaptaiu Scannell in class

 

this hampers football recruiting more than
mediocre seasons. Limited by NCAA mics
to 95 total football scholarships, Notrc
Dame has had years when it could recruit
only 17 freshman players. “We just don’t
havean attrition rate,“saysCorrigan.

ven those who think Notre Dame can be
in hit smug and self-righteous about its
athletic program concede that it does a
better job than almost any other big school
in integrating its athletes into the relatively
small student body (7,488 undergraduates,
2,159 of them women). Some institutions
house their athletes together, often in
dorms far better than average, and feed
them at sumptuous training tables. N otre
Dame‘s administration sea to it that ath-
letes live, eat, study and socialize as much
as possible with nonathletes. For example,
the 24 freshman football players this fall
are living in 12 different dorm. And an
All-American linebacker eats the same
food and stands in the same cafeteria lines
as a philosophy major. “I’ve seen schools
where the athletes don‘t really feel they’re
part of campus life,” says Tim Scannell,
marketing major, offensive guard and co-
captain of this year's football team. “Here
they like to keep you levelheaded."
ironically, George GiPP. who spent
more hours shooting billiards in South
Bend than hitting the books and was
known to bet on his own games, never
would have lasted under the Hesburgh-
Joyce regime. But his mentor, Rockne, a
mcgna cum laude chemistry graduate who
also acted in several student theatrical pro~
ductions, would have felt right at home at
the new Notre Dame.
FRANK MAIER in South Bend

 

 

 

