 

Dreams So Realm The 40 Wall Club L'pmwlt: “You ’re gm Athens. .\

t‘s nearly ll on a Friday night in Athens. Ga., and The 40 Watt

Club Uptown is going strong. A local band. The Kilkenny Cats.
hasjust launched into their third number—a steamy little thumper
called “Shaking in the Sixties“-—and their loyal fans respond by
pelting them with a cascade offlowers. The throng surrounding the
boot-high stage starts to jump and grind, and a few overeager
leather-clads pogo and slam dance. causing bodies to bounce about.
It‘s ttights like this that cattse University of Georgia sophomore
Kelly Long to marvel. “Athens has a hell ofa lot ofgood mttsic for
such a stnall town.“ No doubt abottt it, in this town. there‘s good
rockin‘ at midnight.

Maybe Athens. home ol‘ the University of Georgia. isn‘t that
different from any moderate-size college town with a lot of active
local battds. But Athens (population: 42.549) ltas one tlting tlntt
most other townsdon‘t: bands that have made it big. First the MA
in the late ‘70s and recently R.E.M. signed with major record labels
ttnd became national successes. At the same time. a ﬂock ofother
groups—including Love Tractor and the now extinct bands. Pylon
and Met ltod Actors~have enjoyed varying degrees ofregional and
national attention. Now there are upwards of 40 or 50 bands in
Athens—like tlte Kilkenny Cats. the Squalls and the Night-
portcrs—~who are working hard. The musical environment is so
intense that one local partisan, Brant Slay, a sophomore in bttsittess
education. declares. "When it comes to music. you‘ve got Athens.
you‘ve got New York. you‘ve got L.A.. and that‘s about it.“

lftlntt ovet‘statcs it. the fact is you can‘t avoid rock and roll in
Athens. lt seemslikeeveryhody itt town isinu band. Graba bttrgerat
The Grill and the counterntan plays guitar and sings for Dreams So
Real. Go ittto the Wuxtry record store to buy an alhttm and the
cashier used to be tlte bassist for Sltelllifc. Athens even lttts its own
roek-and-roll magazine. Tasty World. “livery story about this place
begins. “There must be something about the drinking water itt

 

 

Hot Rockin’ in Athens

Athens‘." says Bert Downs.
the R.E.M. lawyer. People also
theorize about the air and the
red Georgia clay. Athens does
have a large university with a
strong tine-arts curriculum.
and it is a cheap place to live.
but there is nothing really (if/1
feren! about it. Like kudzu.
Athens rockjust growed.

The town is crawling with
students like Bryan Lilje. a sea-
ior majoring in painting and
drawing and a member oftwo
bands, Mantra Factory and
Lamb Putty. He describes his
music with Lamb Putty as
“conceptual hell“ and “musi-
calpain"andconfessestoalean
musical education. “I can‘t
play any bartunes—no Beatles,
no Rolling Stones, no Velvet
Underground.“ says Lilje. "I
started playing because every-
body else was.“ The rock-and-
roll bug can bite hard. Ort
(a.k.a. William Orten Carlton)
introduces himself by saying,
“My private music collection
includes 35.000 singles. 10.000
albums and endless anecdotes.“ An Athens native with a degree in
broadcasting. Ort isthe unoltieial historian ofAthens rock. With no
provocation, he will tell you such obscure musicological data as the
names of the bands that started at Kathleen O‘Brien's birthday
party in 1980: Men in Trees. Side Effects and R.E.M.

Five years and countless club dates later. R.E.M. is at the top of

the heap in Athens. The group has built a national following
through an El’ and two albums ﬁlled
wnh propulsive rhythms. catchy melo-
dies and obscure—to-mystical lyrics.
Locally the band has become so popu-
lar that it has trouble finding a place to
play. While preparing songs for its
third album. R.E.M. wanted to try out
new songs in front ol'a live audience. so
It performed at a local club under an
assumed name—Hornets Attack Vic-
tor Mature. Says lead singer Michael
Stipe, 25, “I had to sign autographs
twice in the last week. It was real
embarrassing.“

ROE NELSON—PICTURE GROUP

’ew York and Lam—and that 's ir‘

till. R.E.M. plans to stick around

Athens—«unlike the B-SZ's who
moved to New York. But then the
l3-52‘s took a ditl‘crent route to suc-
cess. perfortning ptthlicly for the lirst
time in 1077 at Max‘s Kansas City in
New York. after playing only at three
parties itt Athens. “At tlte beginning,
ottr technical ability was zero.“ ad-
mits li'SZ's singer Fred Schneider.

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MARCH IORS

 

 

who went from New Jersey to Athens to be a forestry major attd
then dropped out. “ll was basically for fun. It was a hobby until
we realized that people were lining tip around the block to see us."

Truth be told, Athens has long been a fool‘s paradise for rock and
roll. While musicians have shown an unrestrained eagerness to play
music. they‘ve seldom been as enthusiastic about business matters.
The gr ‘at lost band ofAthens. Pylon, (lied be ‘ause ofpoor manage-
ment. Essentially a group of art students with no musical experi-
ence, Pylon created a sensation in New York after playing ﬁve
parties and a club date itt Athens. But the build ttevertnoved beyond
being a best seller on Georgia‘s premier label, DB Records. “We
never actively sought a major label and none ‘ame after us." recalls
Pylon‘s bassist. Michael Lachowsky. “We were pretty scriotts
about our relaxed. unprofessional or fun attitude.“

Only recently ltave bands become serious about making it big. In
the old days, groups built a following by playingat parties, bttt now
Athens rock has gone public. Clubs have beeotne necessary for
sttcccss in Athens. and. fueled by the town‘s growing musi'al
reputation. bands now self-consciously groom themselves for big-
ger and better things. Says Lauren Hall, manager oftlte Kilkenay
Cats. “Peopleare moving to Athens because—and I hate to use this
word—it‘s a ‘scene‘."

hat's what drew Matthew Sweet to Athens from Lincoln.

Neb.: “1 came here to go to college. but my excuse to come
IIcI'L' was to be someplace where I could play mttsic.“ After
working with a couple of Athens groups, Oh-OK and Buzz of
Delight. Sweet has gone ottt on his own. Atypically. lte has rarely
played in the clttbs, instead using the studio as a way to build a
musical career. Because he is close to signing on with a major
label. Sweet recently dropped out ofGeorgia in the middle ot' his
sophomore year as an English major.

Not every band in Athens. however, gets lucky. One very popular
group, Go Van Go. recently played its last date in Athens (billed as
“Go Van Gone“). The bassist had decided to move to New York in
hopes ol'a career as a session musician. and the group‘s leader, Vic
Varney. had decided not to continue the band. At 33. Varney is an
Athens veteran oflchars: “I‘m the only person who‘s stuck at it in
Athens this long and I'm still not making any money. but I‘m still
writing.“ Why does Athens continue to be such a fertile place for
rock? “It‘s popular because it‘s not famous.“ observes Varney.
“You're still talking about a little hick town in northeast Georgia.

attd that's the truth."
RON tilVl-INS in Athens. (in.

 

 

I't'.\('III/D/(Ill(‘t' m Ilu- new group lIurIu-Ix Aime/t l'it‘lm‘ ."(lllll'l'

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH I‘ltlS

 

A Highﬂying
Film Fantasy

FADE IN on a gray winter
day itt New York. A suite at the
Plaza Hotel. On the couch is
Alan Parker. director ofmovies
as disparate as "Bugsy Malone“
and “Shoot the Moon." “Pink
Floyd: The Wall“ and "Fame."
In an armchair. a writer is
mushmouthed tryittg to from ' a
capsttlc description of Parker's
newest. “Birdy.” which opens
nationally this month.

"Aaahhh  madness." the
writer says. “Right? it‘s about
madness. And friendship. And
birds. Aitd Vietnam.“ Si-
lence. Finally: “I haw a
little trouble describing
this movie.“

“Me, too.“ Parker
sighs. "I made it and l
have trottble telling peo-
ple what it‘ about.“

Try this: “Birdy” is a
dark fableabout twoboy—
hood friends. One is a
jock. the other a loner
shy and withdrawn, fas-
cinated with birds. His
dream is to become a
bird and literally soar
above earthly squalor.
But Birdy pays a high
price for his ﬂight offrce-
dom: home from Viet-
nam and shocked into
catatonia by what he's
seen, he ends upconftned
to a VA hospital. The
sure-footed portrayal of
Birdy by Matthew Mo-
dine—a 25-year-old with
boy-next-door looks—is one of
the most touching things about
this very good movie. “I avoided

‘asting a real weirdo." Parker
says. “I wanted someone who
appeared to be completely nor-
mal. so you‘d always believe in
him no tnatter what happened."

Granted. this isn‘t always
easy. In a pivotal dream scene.
Birdy actually takes off and

mtsvm PtC‘lURES

llies ottt over the rooftops of

South Philadelphia. We see
what Birdy .‘ s: now high iii
the sky. gazing down on a
sandlot baseball game. now
swooping down to the street.
now skitterittg along a back
alley. It‘s an exltilarating sc-
qttcnce. one that linally lets tts
see the beauty in Birdy‘s crazy
need to ﬂy. [I almost didn’t get
made. For this scette Parker

 

 

and crew had signed up the
latest bit of moviemaking gadg-
etry, a gizmo called Sky-Cam
(also used itt last summer‘s
Olympics). Sky-Cam is a catn-
era suspended in the middle
of four lOO-foot-tall cranes.
hooked to wires and driven by
computer. Controlled by an
operator on the ground, it can
move in any direction and yield
spectacular shots that loop
from high in the air down to
ground level. Theoretically.
Biker: “The dream sequence
was originally going to be en-
tirely shot on Sky-Cam,“ Par-
ker says. “It didn‘t work. The
camera crashed. We ended up
with 40 seconds or so of Sky-

I’arker: .llmlnurx. birds and friendship

Cam for a tninute-and-a-lntlf
scene. So I had to think on my
feet. The grips tnade up a little
wooden camera dolly with bicy-
cle wheels on it. It was the tnost
bizarre sight. And the only way
1 could keep tip with it was. I
was on a bike myself behind
them. speeding along shouting
out directions.“

The great advantage of the
Sky-Cam mess was that after
it. everything else seemed easy.
Only one real problem re«
mained: how to end the pic-
ture. “Originally. we had a sort
of walking-otf-into-tlie-sunset
type of ending. but it wasn't
truthful." ’arker says. “I ltavc
this feeling that a lilm takes you
to where tltc ending is. That's
why I've often changed endings
while we're shooting. We wrote

‘5

 

 

