 

ﬁniaws'wbsmrms a mumsmsusagmms ‘  v , .. ,  ‘  q; _  I ‘ ' I . WDAY. SBmMPBR 10.11985 D ALBANY. m BAIT-PRESS 3

NEWSBRIEFS ¥ » ' 5 .j     ’ . ‘ 'A'icoomodation’s.~availa[e for evicted students

. . _ “does wish to speak with those students so
time to waste.” tion in one wing that houses 300 ofthe 

ril

 

 

By Leelle Chalt
srm wan-m that they may find off-campus apartments

 

' The World ,

report.

 

Lebanese chaos seen

» Beirut, Lebanon
(AP) Beirut newspaper reported the
finance minister, Camille Chamoun, had
resigned, forecasting a “total collapse" of
Lebanon's government, torn by more than
a decade of civil war. Spokesmen at Cha-
moun’s ofﬁce withheld comment on the

The Christian-controlled al~Joumhouria
newspaper reported that Chamoun, a
Maronite Catholic and the country’s
former president, had signed his letter of
resignation at midnight. ' I

The daily said that Chamoun, 85, com-
plained in the letter to President Amin
Gemayel that the nine-man Cabinet has
been evading to come to grips with “the
colossal ﬁnancial crisis facing the nation,
although it threatens to bring about a total
collapse of the state."

 

 

Blacks back sanctions

Johannesburg, South Africa
(AP) Anti-apartheid groups said Monday
that a poll indicated urban blacks support
an end to foreign investments as a way of
pressuring the white minority government
for racial reforms.

Police reported two more blacks had
died in anti-apartheid violence, bringing to
four the number killed over the weekend.

The government also said it would allow
Nelson Mandela’s wife to visit him in
prison. The 67 year-old leader of the
African National congress, jailed for life
on a 1964 conviction of plotting sabotage,
has been reported ailing.

The prison service said today that the
black guerrilla leader was undergoing
“preventive urological treatment," but did
not provide details.

 

The [headroom

Reagan sends envoy

Washington, D. C.
(AP) President Reagan announced he was
sending Ambassador Herman Nickel,
recalled three months ago, back to
Pretoria with a presidential letter express-
ing growing impatience with South
Africa’s resistance to grant equal political
status for all its residents.

The president insisted he was not aban-
doning his policy of “constructive engage-
ment,” the administration's term for its
efforts to bring change in South Africa
through negotiations, rather than

“limited” inﬂuence in South Africa. He
once more called on South African Presi-
dent P.W. Botha to negotiate with

toward assuring “political participation by
all citizens of South Africa.”

Prison upset quelled

(AP) Soledad State Prison guards ﬁred 10
shots to break up violence in which 20 peo-
ple were wounded, authorities said. Four-

He said the United States can exert only

"responsible" black leaders with a view

Soledad, Calif.

 
 
 

 

stitutiOn-‘s 5,894 convicts, said j Doris~
Mahlum, Soledad administrative assistant.

placed

Fireworks unreal

Reamstawn, Pa.

The prisoners had. some ,“stabbing iti- (AP) Police suspect that high humidity
struments’f but no ﬁrearms} She  alloww. a slow-burning piece of. debris
nature of the; injuries was not known im:
mediately, she said. The prison'was,
on lockdow'n, Mahium said: T - ’ ’ i .

“An undetermined number'ofstaff and:
inmates, were involved in a confrontation
that took about 420 minutes to qhellﬁf. she
said. Four staff members were treated and
released and two remained hospitalized for
observation. Nine inmates were treated
and released from the hospital, while ﬁve
remained at medical facilities. Two people
required surgerym said Mahium.

from a ﬁreworks rocket tofali still lit into
a pile of unﬁred rockets, setting them off
at a crowded festival and injuring 31
people. - "

Half of the victims Were injured in try-
ing to: ﬂee Saturday when the ﬁreworks
sprayed into the‘2,000 spectators as thick
white smoke billowed, said police
Patrolman Raymond Burns.

The cause of the accident was under in-
vestigation,- but police speculated that, in
the' high‘humidity, a shard from a rocket
v , burned slowly and fell, still burning, into
the unﬁred pyrotechnics.

Scout leader arrested
' Lake Pleasant, N. r.
(AP) A one-time assistant Boy Scout

‘ V They‘IStotefq‘: ‘

r SUNYA students 'evicted‘from their
apartments for violating Albany's
“Grouper Law," can be provided with on-

oampus housing if other off-campus ar- _' ’1 v

ranger‘nents cannotbe made, said Dr.
Frank Pogue, SUNYA’sNice President
for Student_Affairs.} 1 ~'.

On-campus housing would only be pro- I.

vided in extreme circumstances. said
Pogue, 'adding that ,SUNYA should

negotiate with Albany ofﬁcials regarding .

housing arrangements for evicted students.
Students should be given as much time as
neciessary to find adequate housing, he
sat .

According to Pogue. a housing project
is being built across the street from- the
campus on Fuller Road. The project. to be
completed by the fall of 1987, will' house
approximately 400 additional students and
will ease‘some of the housing pressures,
said Pogue. ' - w " ' ' _'

Juniors and seniors deciding to remain
on-campusL of the ‘ ' of
the “Grouper Law" have also increased
housing pressures, said Pogue.

With the increased number of juniors
and seniors living on campus, additional
ways to adcomodate students’ needs are
being explored. Through the use of the
Thruway House and the Wellington Hotel,

 

    

_ . v , - . «ups
students have been given other choices as
to where they wish to live, decreasing some
housingproblems on campus, said Pogue.

' Violators of the “Grouper Law," a city'
indium-cc prohibiting more than three
unrelated persons from living together,
ought to behave like active members of the
community, said Mike Alvaro, Director of
Code Enforcement. and the man responsi-
ble for enforcing the law. ‘

Alvaro. said students should take' out
their garbage on collection days. keep

‘fOur hope is, that

students should be
familiar with the ‘
grouper law. and obey

' the; law. ”

--Frank Pogue

noise at a decent level, and park their cars

properly. Alvaro added that students do

not obey these rules. investigations will
result. .

in regard to the “grouper law,” there is
an understanding between SUNYA and
the City of Albany that no student will be
evicted from his or her apartment untill
Student Affairs is notiﬁed, said Pogue.

As of September 6, Pogue said he has
“not been notified of any evictions." but,
if there are any evictionshPogue said he

and get them acquaninted with the Off
Campus Association as soon as possible.

Alvaro said we are doing the “best we
can," so that violators of the grouper law
can remain in their apartments. But, said
Alvaro, there is, "never any guarantee. it
all depends on the situation — amount of
complaints we’ve received, the nature of
the complaints, and the cooperation we get
in the investigation."

If landlords are caught housing more
than three persons in any one unit, there is
a minimum ﬁne of $1,000 per unit, said
Alvaro. We have "given people at least
one year to make them aware of what the
law is,“ added Alvaro. '

“Our hope is that students should be
familiar with the grouper law and obey the
law," said Pogue.

Alvaro said there is‘ "no major
crackdown plan” against violators of the
grouper law. There are probably ﬁve
landlords in violation, he said, adding he
will prosecute them if necessary.

Alvaro stressed he'would “try to work
together" with the students, adding that
“students should cooperate with the city
and help them. As long as they cooperate
with the city. they will be able to remain in
their apartments for the semester and
possibly the entire year." _ El

0 .
1‘5»

gﬁxii‘ mic; V

 

leader is in the Hamilton County jail after
being charged with sodomizing youths at a
scout camp last year, State Police said.

‘Richard Varone, 48, of Amsterdam. was
arrested in a church parking lot Saturday
by troopers and charged with a count of
third—degree sodomy, according to a state-
ment by 'state police at Fonda. He was ar-
raigned before Town of Lake Pleasant
Justice Ernest. Virgil Saturday and sent to
the jail here without bail. ‘ .

Troopers said the charge stems from a
February 1984 winter camping outing at
the San Souci Boy Scout Camp in
Speculator, Hamilton County. Varone,
once assistant leader of the Arrow Boy
Scout Troop in Amsterdam, is accused of
having “deviate sexual intercourse with
Boy Scouts," troopers said.

Other charges against Varone are being
investigated in both Fulton and Mon-
tgomery counties, troopers said.

 

Farm deaths increase

Rochester, N. Y.
(AP) At least 24 pe0ple have died in ac-
cidents on New York farms so far in 1985,
a record pace and more than in all of l984,
new statistics show.

Most of the fatalities in the nation’s
most deadly occupation could have been
avoided by attention to simple safety
precautions. according to officials who
gathered the grim statistics through the
end of August. ,

“A lot of them are caused by using

 

economic of military pressure. But he said
he might now use the term “active, con-
structive engagement."

Reagan said, f‘The problems of South
Africa were not created overnight and will

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

free Ilstlngs

 

 
 
  
  
   

 

equipment improperly, having passengers
on tractors, going into structure silos that
have environments that are totally toxic."
said Ted Halpin, coordinator of Farmedic.
a statewide farm-accident rescue training

\ll’S program.

 

lunch, and a tour: Racewa-
tlons must be made by

The Albany State Pep Band ls
holding Its Ilrst Interest
meeting Wednesday,
September 11 at 8:30 pm. In
LC19. All are encouraged to
support Albany's teams.

A Bus Trip to Salnte-Marle do
Gannenlaha, the slte of a re-
creation of a French fort, lo be-
Ing held Saturday, September
14. The trlp'a prlce Is $20.00
and Includes transponatlon.

 

September 10. For more Infor-
matlon. call 442-4111.

The Riding club Is holdlng Ila
that general Interest. meeting
Thursday, September 12 at
7:00 pm. In BA130. All levels
of riders are Invited to attend.
Rabbi Moshe Bemzer wlll ad-
dress the toplo "Can One Day
of Prayer Excuse a Year of
SIn?" September 10 at 0:00
pm. In CC373.

The Women's Basketball
Team Ia aoeklng new

members. Anyone Interested
please call Coach Warner In
Phys. Ed. office 339
Immedlately.

An lntematlonal Tea wlll be
held Sunday, October6 at 3:00
pm. In Blology lounge 248.
The problems and oppor-
tunllles of Sovlet Youth wlll be
dlecuesod.

The Use Robllolto Band wlII
be performan on September
13 and 14 at the Boat Sllp
Restaurant located In Lark
Street. All are Invlted.
“Making Relationships Work,"

a counseling workshop, wIIl
be offered on September 12
from 7:00 - 9:00 pm. at 668
Central Avenue. The workshop
lee Is $15.00.

A Statistics Colloquium will
be held on Wednesday.
September 11 at 4:15 pm. In
the Earth Sclence Bulldlng,
Room 140. Tea wlll be sewed
at 3:30 pm. In E8152, all are
Invlted.

The Albany State Fu Jou Pol

Kung-Fu Is holdan Ite flrst‘

meellng Thursday, September
12, 7:00 pm. In Brubacher

Ballroom. Classes wlll meet
every Tuesday and Thursday,
7:00 - 9:00 pm. thereafter.
The Gay and Leeblan Alllance
wlll have thelr flrst general In-
terest meetan at 8:30 pm. In
00375 on Tuesday.
September 10.

Aleohollce Anonymous wlll
hold Its flret general Interest
meetlng 12:00 - 1:00 pm. on
September 11 In 00357.

UJA Plant Sale wlll be held
September 9 - 11 In the Cam-«J

 

pus Center Lobby 11:00 am:-
2:00 pm.

 

| r r :1 I I I I ' t - -.-.-.'.v-bs‘eI--nn a norulloramJ-ut - x-smuubs.‘~'..wohth‘» Slut A ‘ Iaiomammmnaos-su s .t e e AJAAJ

tun-“Au I ‘uwmumor~oo.uaam_‘

 

 

IRS to crack dde on studentloan defaulters

" I Washington, D.C.
(CPS) in its latest effort to dramatize how tough it’s get-
ting, the Education Department last week said it would
sic_the internal Revenue Service on current and former
students who 'don’t repay their student loans.

The department said defaulters won’t get their 1985 or

1986 tax refunds until they repay-their loans. Department
officialsﬁpredicted the agreement with the RS will recoup
$50 niilliOn of the $250 million in past due ﬁnancial
repayments next year, and they'hope to corral almoat 80
percent of the scofflaws. I . ‘
- The department has publicized ambitious recovery [pro-
grams before, (including ongoing media events like im-
pounding defaulters’ cars'and temporarily kicking some
schools out of ﬁnancial aid programs. '

This time, ofﬁcials added, the recavered money pro-
bably won’t go directly back into student aid._ V

in all, current and former students still owe anywhere

,from 1 $1, billion to $5 billion, according to various
estimates. ' ' ’ w

“This is the largest single effort in terms of money to
be returned to the US. Treasury,” contended Dick
Hastings. the department’s director of debt collection and
management assistance services. - ~ ‘

“About 82 percent of the defaulters' on our data base
get income tax refunds," he' claimed. ' ‘-

Hastings planned to mail- final paythent notices to

about one million defaulters in August, giving them two
v months to pay up or lose their 1985 refunds.

Also, state agencies will threaten to withhold 1986
refunds from another million defaulters.

“We'velagreed to accept 2.3 million referrals from the
Education Department, accounting for $3.1 billion in
debts,” afﬁrmed IRS spokesman Steve Pyrek.

“We'll take a tape from ED with defaulters' names to
match with our tape of people getting refunds,” he

' explained. .

During thb two year program, the lRS can'withhold
defaulters' returns until all loan obligations are paid.

For- example, if a defaulter expects a $500 1985 refund
and owes $1,000, the RS will withhold refunds in 1985
and 1986. .

“We’ll send thermoney wherever the ED wants, and
send the defaulter a note saying where the money went,"
Pyrek reported. » 1

“it's not only not likely the money will go back into
student aid funding, but it's most deﬁnite it will go to the
US. Treasury,” Hastings said. “That, after all, is where
the student aid comes from."

To get it back in 1982, federal attorneys in Philadelphia
impounded the cars of 17 area defaulters as collateral
against their overdue loan payments. That same year,
‘then-ED Secretary Ter‘rel Bell temporarily withheld stu-
dent aid funds from 400 schools withj default rates over

25 percent.

Last year, Congress authorized ED ofﬁcials to hire
private lawyers to collect past due accounts, and reported
defaulters to private credit rating agencies.

“The credit agency program was extremely suc-
cessful,” Hastings noted. "It has doubled the amount
collected since 1981."

Some states let schools withhold defaulters’ college
transcripts. A Kansas proposal would have prevented
defaulters’ children from getting state ﬁnancial aid.

Despite the high non-payoihtt rate, a spring 1985 study

3 by the Higher‘Education Services Corporation suggests

most defaulters are unemployed or ignorant of repayment
schedules.

Most want to repay the debts but are ﬁnancially
unable, the study says.

“There’s a phone number on the top of the ﬁnal
notice," ED’s Hastings countered. “We can work out ar-
rangements for partial payment if the defaulter can't pay
it all at once." ‘

“We’re not the easiest guys on the block to get along
with," he admitted, “but you certainly can work with
us."

“We hope that the people (who) aren't being responsi-
ble will realize they’ve got to repay," added Dallas Mar-
tin. executive director of the American Association of
Student Financial Aid Administrators. El

Chapel House staffburies past and/oaks to future

By Davld F. Werthelm . ~ I ,
EDWRML ASSISTANT I ' I ‘ i " I r. 1
Religious articles and books damaged by th May,
26 ﬁre at Chapel House were buried at'the ewlsh
cemetery on Fuller Road thisI past‘ Sundayjafters.
noon as required by Judaic law. Following their
burial in the"traditionai religious ceremony, the
Jewish and other inter-faith, members of Chapel.
House turned their attention to the future‘.
The articles placed in the grave for burial includ-
ed prayer books, shans, and the three torahs.
Many articles were beyond _ repair, but. not., ..
destroyed, said Jay Kellman, Executive Director of, ,
the Campus Commission. _ - , v .
According to Elliot Frome, president of .the '
Jewish Students Coalition (JSC) the approximately
30 minute funeral is required by Jewish law when
books are worn beyond use, or destroyed. as in this
case. .  . ‘
“We felt the less," said Frome, who was onset. V
l5 attendees. “We were all reminded of'thc loci of;
Chapel House.” ' “  '
Chapel House was nearly completely destro
by fire on May 26. The blaze began in the library
portion of the structure. “it was our library." said
Kelinun, “and we still don"t know for sure why it
(the tire) began."

I .

. at the 3moment, according to Sister Nancy
. . The interfaith Collegiate Council, which owns

and Lutheran communities. "Right now, the board

' another will notes a liason with the university, and

a third will serve as abuilding committee, 'Langhan
explained. - " .v " '

Chivel Home Board is the location of the new
V facility-“Chg ,‘House in an out-of-the-way loca-
ntion." sci L" " _'
.bulldingconduqive to quiet and study, it would be
 u r i
' Tr, mil,  ' t , ‘on the opposite sl e 0 Per meter
am M the m.

  

Within mm examining the possibility of con-
structing a new building. However. the basic frame

The future of Chapel-House is under discussion

.Langhart, Roman Catholic chaplain and a staff
member of Chapel House.

Chapel House, is, accordingto Langhart,‘ made up
of'seven members each from the Catholic. Jewish,

is in the process of organizing into committees that I
will make a decision about Chapel House and the ‘

rebuilding process,” she added.
Oneof .the committees, will deal with funding. .

One of the major questions to be answered by the

, “and although it is a lovely

to see the house," The house our-

to Lambert. the Chapel House Board

 

Jay Kellmen .
24> Chapel House fire damaged many religiou! {HMO-f V V _ _ v ,

""" " ' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . 4 . . . . , . ..
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. .” .H."'l_,,',,,,,,,

 

