 

 

 

 

te-bl

Reserves

jimmy Riggs should see some time as
designated hitter and as a utility player.
in Fort Lauderdale last year. Riggs hit .270
with 10 home runs and 58 RBIs in 337 at-
bats.

Tony Russell will play occasionally in
the outfield. spelling one of the starters.
He batted .229 for Fort Lauderdale last
season.

Pitchers

Brad Arnsberg, Tim Byron. Doug
Drabek. Bob Tewksbury and Stefan
Wever should make up the starting rota-
tion. while Randy Graham and Scott Pat.
terson should be the Yanks' stoppers.

"Arnsberg is a righty. a young kid who
throws well." said LaRoche. “He was
with Greensboro last year. and it was
assumed he'd be with Fort Lauderdaie
this year. But he had a great spring and

 

made our club."

Byron. one of ten righthanders on an
ll-man pitching staff. was 11-4 with a 3.50
ERA with Fort Lauderdale last year.

Drabek was picked up from the White
Sox organization last year. For the Glens
Falls Sox. Drabek was 12-5 with a 2.24
ERA. He was to start opening day against
Pittsfield.

Tewksbury pitched 172 innings for
Nashville last season. recording 11 wins
against nine losses with a 2.83 ERA.

LaRoche was unsure of the fifth starter.
but said that it would probably be Wever.
who's been on and off the disabled list for
the past two years. The 6'7" righty is com-
ing off arthroscopic surgery on his
shoulder. and is responding well.

"We‘re pleased with his progress." said
LaRoche. "if he's healthy. he should ,
bounce back. if he's 100 percent. he pro-
bably won't be with us very long."

Graham led the Southern League in
saves last year for Nashville. posting a
2.16 ERA. The 26 year-old Patterson saw
time at Nashville and Columbus last year.
recording six wins against seven losses. Cl

 

 

@lDlFlFllBlEDl

Create Your Own Original Coffee Drink . . . Free!

   
   

T HE COV‘FEE1M1V11L0PMENT GROUP

“"8!”

“ The ‘Elcga no.
of Coffee ”

COFFEES WITH WHIPPED CREAM,
CHOCOLATE, COCOA, TOFUTTI,

A MORE I

When: Wed. April 17
1 - 5pm

Where= ‘ﬂlo corms
BAR at the
‘Rathskellor

SAMPLE OUR DELICIOUS COl‘PEES i

Aantennas-nuances."-nuns

Lombardi

<3
tion is sparse.

"He's in a great position to move up."
said Foote. "1 would say compared to the
other positions. the Yankee catching posi‘
tion is weak."

With Butch Wynegar and Ron Hassey
almost past their prime. the Yanks are
desperatel seeking a phenom to emerge.
Scott Bradliry. who is on the NY. Yankee
roster. hopes to play spot duty as a cat-
cher. but. according to Foote. e's better
suited for first base.

"Bradley isn't a natural catcher." said
Foote bluntly. "But you got Mattingly at
first. so where are you going to put him?"

Columbus‘ starting catcher. Mike
O‘Berry. who is in his late 20s. came close
to making the Bronx team. '

"Lombardi's got much more talent than
O'Berry." said Foote. in his matter-of-fact

Destrade

<2
majors.

"You get a chance to live on your own.“
said Destrade. "l‘ve grown up in a hurry.
Otherwise. l‘d be in college somewhere.
This way. 1 get to meet people and see a
lot of the country."

Besides. as Manager Barry Foote puts it.
"it's tough. but it beats-working. it's a
tough job. but you're getting an oppor-
tunity to do something you love doing.
For all the tough parts. the positives
outweigh the negatives. it's the only way
to reach the big leagues."

But baseball is a numbers game. and
Destrade realizes it. There are too many
players and too few positions open in the

manner.
When O'Berry's name was mentioned
to Lombardi. a seemingly confident smile

creased his dark face. "When 1 reach '

O'Berry's age. 1 hope l've already made
the major leagues."

Lombardi inquired about the weather in
Albany and seemed stunned when he
was told that it was snowing there now.
Born in Texas and raised in California.
Lombardi is not used to playing in cold
weather. He should be in for a culture
shock this spring living in Albany.

“Actually i won't mind playing in the
cold." said Lombardi. “it'll be a good
change for a while.”

As he spoke. you could tell he was- ex-
pecting his stay in Alban to be a curt
one. it's supposed to be t at way when
you're a top minor league prospect on the
rise. E]

majors. especially for the Yankees. if he
did make the Yanks. it would be a dream
come true for the Cuban-born Destrade.
"The Yankees are big in Cuba." said
Destrade. "You associate baseball with
the Yankees there. not the Padres."
When Destrade was four. he moved to
New York where he got a chance to see
the fabled Bronx Bombers in erson. As a
child. Destrade could only ream about
playing in Yankee Stadium. As an
Albany-Colonie Yankee. the dream is in
reach.
“With more experience. I know 1 can
lay with them." said Destrade. I‘ll do my-
est and let the chips fall where. they
may." El.

Photos

i

All photos were taken by Debora Adelmann of the Albany Student Press except
for the inset of Orestes Destrade on
Albany~Colonie Yankees.

page two which appears courtesy of tlie

    
  

 

  

$4.99

 

ALL DAY

 

THURSDAYS
8p m to C LOSING

ALL UV 
 CAN
EAT WING

E VE RY MONDAY.

  

 
 

 

  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
 

  
   
   
     

'i llutStSpicv
r' ' .~

\\I-

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY AUXILIARY SLRVICLE

 

  
  

 

  

8pm - c osing

739 Central Avenuel j
Albany

 

VzlPRICE All’Pl-ZTIZERS

— 1/), Orders of Wings
-Fried Mushrooms
—Fried Zucchini

-Chlx Fingers
—Mozzarella Stix
—Nachos and Many More

 

- \Tuesday _ Nights .-

In Our Loun e

I.

 

 

48943294'

 

459—3738

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
  

   
   
   
   
 

   
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
  

  

   
   
 

  
  

" IAL
SA ELECTIONS
SUPPLEMENT

APRIL 16, I985

  
 

 

  

If Steve Gawley goes into a meeting ivith Mayor
Whalen or President O'Lcary with the same-degree
;_ of preparedness backed by practical'ideas that he
? displayed at his endorsement hearing. we may see a
‘ new era in student power. if he’s elected president,
we may also see a new era in student activism.

His ideas alone would probably have earned him
the endorsement; his experience as a University
Senator and SASU delegate as well as his record as
Student Action Chair are bonuses. making him an
cxcclllent candidate and the unanimous choice of the
. . endorsement board.

I Gawley prcsented plans that we felt could bring
just the kind of turnaround that SA badly needs:
“more activism, rcsuiting'in new motivation within the
organization. improved relations with the city ad-
ministration, and better lobbying techniques with
University Senate. Yet Gawley‘s plans don’t involve
the impossible task of overhauling the entire
organization in one year.
At the center of his plan is a Student Advocacy and
Rights Coalition (SARC). it begins with a steeering
‘ committee made up of student activist leaders and
branches out to monthly meetings of all SA group
leaders. The general membership of SARC is 'made
up of average students, not involved in SA. who are
willing to set up a mailing and phone list to be called
into action whenever blatant abuses of student rights
occur. These students would be signed up in dorm
sweeps and Campus Center tabling early in the year
and would only be called on 3 or 4 times a semester to
fight “broad based students’ rights violations" like

 

 

 

 
 

.Il-Stleve its... PRESIDENTIt ENDORMEN

  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

the "W" policy.

This network. Gawley said. would help keep lasrge
numbers of students informed. and would spread a
feeling of “empowerment” to the student popula-
tion. “When we (SA) lose on issues. it turns the
students off." Gawiey's right: successful activism is
exciting to be a part of. This could lead to a new im-
age for SA.

To resolve the Grouper law situation. Gawley
presented another well planned proposal. He wants
to “conduct a major public relations campaign aim-
ed at changing the student image." This would begin
with a survey of what SUNYA students contribute to
local businesses. He‘d also stage 3 or 4 big cleanup
campaigns in the student ghetto and he’d work with
OCA officials to target 2-3 local charities that OCA
could work with. Then he'd hold a press conference
to call attention to the new _student image. after
which he’d seek a delay in grouper law enforcement
until SUNYA can provide adequate housing.

The idea behind his plan, Gawlcy explained. is that
“The community doesn't like students and they
pressure Whalcu to enforce the grouper law." _
Whether Gawley's plan puts an end to grouper law
enforcement or not. making students into valuable
community assets has deﬁnite merits of its own. ,

All the presidential candidates mentioned a need
for SA to become more active in lobbying University _
Senate. but Gawlcy's method was the simplest and ' ‘
most workable. He wants to get a lobbying expert to ..
work with student senators during SA's summer

  
       
        

PRESIDENTIAL evALUA nous

"\m “mm... Hwy»

 

 

 

2P

 

 

 

in any other year. Francisco “Paco” Duarte might
very well have been the board‘s choice for Student
Association President. For a newcomer to SA. he
displayed an impressive knowledge of student issues. and
advanced some feasible compromises for many of the im-
mediate problems.

But for Duarte. doing his homework wasn't enough.
He still displayed a lack of political sophistication that
could leave him easily manipulated by city and ad-
ministration officials. and he was vague when it came to
specifics for carrying out his proposals.

Duartc said he feels well prepared for the job of SA
President. explaining that he possesses qualities which
would enable him to carry out the duties of the office
well. He advocates professionalism in dealing with ad-
ministration and city officials. claiming that “credibility
grows from respect." He holds that if the students can
show Mayor Whalen that they are “an asset to the com-
munity." the mayor will be more inclined to take SA
seriously. “We're a business," Duartc contends. "not
some kids playing around with a budget."

Duarte shows little hesitation to resort to activism.
either. As a last resort against the ‘W‘. for example. he
advocated the use of lobbying. letter drives. and having

students “visit” President O'Lcary in small groups. “all
day. in and out."

His stance on minority issues was strong, and he is in
favor of Affirmative Action. He expressed his desire to
integrate the major campus events (i.e. Senior Week) by
taking “minority input. majority input." and finding
common ground. He also expressed the belief that the Af-
firmntive Action Officer and the Minority Affairs Coor-
dinator should both remain stipended. He added.
however. that it was not essential for either position to be
held by a minority. On the question of whether it was
essential that every SA committee have woman and
minority representation, he said he felt it was a good idea
if it could happen. adding. “1 do think it is essential to
have all kinds of people working together.

He said that SUNYA's campus was “safe. by my stan-
dards." but also said that SA needed to work to make it
safer. "i don‘t think Don’t Walk Alone has shown it‘s
strong capabilities." he commented. He also expressed a
desire for SA to have a good relationship with the
Feminist Alliance. perhaps working with the Alliance to
hold safety seminars and fund self-defense courses. He
also noted that the DWA service should be carried

ab

Mike Miller

. After two-and-a-half hours in front of the Endorse-
ment Board. Mike Miller felt he still hadn't made a strong
enough case for himself. claiming he needed another
hour. That captures Miller's deficiencies perfectly; to
acomplish what he wants. he will probably always need
more time than he has. As SA President, this flaw could
be fatal.

On many issues. Miller presented strong ideas. often

‘ proposing sweeping reforms in various areas. His desire

to overhaul SA is commendable. but impossible to ac-
complish in one year.

As Acadmic Affairs chairperson this past year. Miller
has proved his merit. His work with the SA Test Bank
and academic advisement speaks for itself. Not surpris-
ingly, Miller had some excellent ideas in this area.

He proposed upper-level general education courses in
cttch department. providing the opportunity for non-
buslness majors to take courses in accounting. l'or exam-
ple. Another Miller proposal is SCATE. a system where
through student surveys, students will be able to obtain
information about prospective courses and instructors.

Yet Miller weakens slightly in other areas. For many of
the issues presently confronting students. he would refer
the problem to the University Senate. a legislative body

 

that he claims is SA's "biggest untapped rcsouce." Miller
would move the Senate to the forefront of all political ac-
tivity. and increase the roles of University Senators.

He raises a good point; for too long of a time. the
University Senate has not been as powerful as it could be.
But there are hitches in Miller's plan. Since almost all of
Miller's idcus involved the Senate. if anything goes wrong
with the Senate plan. all his plans will be affected. if a
student representative on a University Senate committee
is not a student advocate, as has happened in the past,
Miller's whole plan is unlikely to ever succcd. And there's
no guarantee that the University Senators will be willing
to devote the time and effort for the iii-weekly student
caucuses Mlllcr proposes. it seems like Miller would turn
SA's prime function into n lobbying organization for the
Senate. something we would not like to see.

Miller often has grandiose proposals to solve problems
confronting students. proposals that could work if given
enough time. But Miller is simply suggesting too numy
changes at once: if he concentrated his cucrgics into just a
few of the issues. progress is more llum possible.

The ‘W' policy would be fought by revitalized and
rccducntcd students in University Senate. Miller claims

8»

