 

 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  

Take'A’ Tripli‘Back In  ' 
With The-Brothers Of AETI

 

 

 
 
       
  

 
  
  
 
 

, liked to. note. thinks, f'ndthing but shit."

 
 
 
 
   

_ I .ﬁnark on his face, not an object out .iof »
I place. Nothing." " ' '
32'}; ' Collinsleft the house in the quietsection -
\pftown, walked past-the inch thick yellow ‘

 

i
, . ,-
September 20, 1985

.v ' nivtheifloori;about.-two feebfromyifh'e .' I -  V I;  r V H 3 ’ l V
- 'blev)“, layfr'the , bpdy of Walter, ’

tbspbsrs. He .was dead-l Veryr
. .B

  

“nineteen setups.

  
 
 

 

3".
3-1:"
It".
8..

;  H V_ V hb houseaspolice
 photographer‘s caughtqthei- moment'for

: ._ postétity’ssake.,The‘guy in charge, the one“ ,
r ‘with the Indiana‘klonesahat, wandered

' about, searching" ‘th- something.

“Anythingﬁ'fnoted Captain Collins/But" . ‘

th‘ereZWas riot-a clue to be found. Collins.
gently'lifted pillowsf moved newspapers, .

 dissectedlgarbage bagsfetc. He eveniwent . .

so far'astos'ift throukhjthe kitty litter in

\

oumby's box; ”Shit;f'r~noted»Collins, who

' Collins noted that-Detective Rogers was '
standing but two feet in‘vgfront of him,- and
‘ proceeded to'Wipe' his'hands on the man’s
-I‘coat. Collins then reached deep into his left
’ {locket and-pulled out 'a' piece of chalk.
g anding it'to Rogers,‘Collins said, "Do it
,'up, but don’t move him. i dOn't know what
:the hell to do. There’s not'a clue, not a'

     

ribbons reading "STAY BACK: POLICE :

 long since driedfr
aithe'rsberg’s eyesockets ' .

 

  
 

suspect. we’ll . ..." :
"-‘Wait, it gets worse. She wasn’t too bad-

' ' ly hurt after all that. It was the Caddy that

ran her over. That got her. She says she still
got the tread marks on her back. Anyway,
she said Gaithersberg stayed with her for
A three weeks in the hospital, voluntarily in-
creased the alimony payments, and helped

. ‘ at home until the day he kicked."

‘ "So we've got a dead Boy Scout. Shit."
“They scooped his stuff off the road and
gave it to him when he arrived at the
hospital to see her. It's ironic. When they
were done with him at the morgue‘they
gave his belongings back to her in a paper
bag. She was pissed. They kinda said
'here’s your husband’s life in a bag.’ i don't
think she particularly appreciated it.

On the table at Natasha Gaithersberg’s
house lay a bloody shirt, axpair of shoes.
and the rest of what was Walter
Gaithersberg. She had the full-time nurse
trash anything covered with blood.
Everything else, including all uSc-ful
clothing and accessories from Walter's
house were delivered to a local thrift shop.
The nurse nearly threw out the blood stain-
ed glasses, but» at the last minute she clean-
ed them off and put them into the pile to
be delivered. When she pulled up to the
Seagrove Thrift Shop; Joana Nitske grabb-

. ed the glasses and gave them one last look-

ing over. Tiny specs of blood were trapped
in and around the screw holes on the

     

 

 

“ZONE,” andfinto a'dragnet of ironiwilled ' ' .1 - ' frame. She put the glases aside. But not
l'reporters. ' not be in the refrigerator now: By the way, -. _ Collins stopped noting facts when he , because of the blood. The gold color ap—
v' ‘ Carol Minterman,- the on-the.run, call me if you‘re coming‘to dinner on Fri~ caught a glimpse of Franc Compton, the peared to be more than just color. The gold

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
    
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

 

 
   
   

"always-ready-with-a-mike trouble shooter clay. (signed) M'n'M." District Attorney, standing against the wall may be real gold, Nitske thought to
for Channel 24 News, stood poised for at. Collins crumpled the message and laughing away. v herself.
tack. To her left, Quincy Marcus played disposed of it. ,He then thumbed further - Compton took his cue, walked over to She stopped off at the vBausch Cafe for a

  
  

i

with his hair while telling his cameraman through Miner's report. ‘ Pressure had to be Collins; and smiled. “So this is how police cup of coffee. While there, she scrubbed
i to shoot him on his good side. Of which, exact on both sides of the skull, as if work gets done in the naked city. Perhaps the glasses clean in the ladies room. She

  
   
  
      
    
  
 

  
   
    
  
 
 

 

             
   
        
 
    

 
   
     
      
   
   
      
 
  
 

     
   
     
     
  
 
  
 
 
 

\ ;Mintennan joked to no one in particular, forceps were used. But no marks were you should call in Rod Serling.” polished off a second cup of coffee and
 'he had none. Marcus glowered,' gave found; Whatever force crushed the skull ' “Wonderful, We got Pete and Repeat on shot on over to the nearest pawn broker.
"_-fMinterman the finger, and continued prlm- ' pushed the blood out of the sockets. .my hands. Listen Francis, you'd better have He told her the frames were made of real
{‘ping. Other rabid iournalists sharpened I "Shitl'f shouted Collins, “How the hell good news for me.” ~ gold, worth about 5200. Rather than take
« ' A .{their'teeth and'claws, as wall as their pen. ' can '1 make a case out of this. No motive, "Well, we found Gaithersberg’s ex-wife the cash she stopped at the optometrist and
I icils, While waiting for Collins. _ no weapon; just a fucking corpsel'l" and...” . had the lenses changed to match her hus-
B  N  P  8 8 m h ' ' ' ‘C; The distilled version of Collins’ explana- : Rogeis‘looked aroundlthe room, making ‘_‘,'So,, what was her motive7 Alimony. bands prescnpti'on.  week later she wrap-
. p \ 0 O O '- tion was this: Walter Gaithersberg’, age 42, certain he had everyone 5 eye contact, and Right? No, no, he used to heather and she ped them up and waited two weeks to give
' 'was foung dead in the kitchen'of his ranch tapped Collin’s, -on- the shoulder. Why got revenge. Well, come. on. them to hephusband Jake.
" house at 534 Lomb Lane. There was” no don't you ask Rod Serling?” "No such luck." ' "Happy birthday, honey. 1 hope you like
“revidence otvtorced entry, nor was there "Fuck you, Rogers", ‘ “So she isn’t a skull crushing weight them." I n i
\ ,. any motive for what is‘ belieVed to have "Aw, come on Cap'n. Have a sense of lifter." . "New glasses, they re gorgeous.
been murder. A coroner’s report was ex. humor. Hey guys,” Rogers called to those . i "She's not lifting much of anything these Joana Nitske pecked her husband on the
l Lpected to be released the following still interested, “Remember when Collins days. She's confined to a wheelchair, can’t cheek. ’
Monday, had a sense of humor?" lift her arms to wipe her ass. Seems she and “They're more than gorgeous, lake.’ she

  
 

The report deliver-cl to Collins stated that A chorus of ’No’s' answered that. And old Walter there just grew apartuThey whispered, "They’re real gold. So don't
the sides of Gaithersberg's head were cav. Rogers, who had just succeeded in making broke up amiably. A couple of years later lose them.”

   
   
      
   
  
  

 

ALBANY HILTON BALLROOM ‘,

  
    
     
 
   

   
     
 
    

  
  

   
 

 

 

 

ed in equally. Just, how this was ac- . a bad situation even worse, suddenly turn- she was retumlng some of Gaithersberg’s "How'd you afford them?” H
icompli’she‘d ‘ was beyond the coroner’s > “ed pseudo-serious. ‘ belongings and lost control of her car when “Dont you worry about that.
skills.Attachecl'to the ofﬁcial report was a' “The guy couldn't crush his own head. the bag with his stuff fell over. it was in the :IDidlyou get a raise?
little yéllow piece of paper with the Somebody had to do it for him.” front seat and when she went to grabit she “Yes. I U
printed words, FROM THE DESK OF "Or something...," replied Collins. "...I [went straight through a red light, hit .one “Oh yeah, I m happy for you.
/ GOD, along with a bolt of lightning cam. meanisomeone with something...Ah, you car, spun off that and smashed head on into ﬁlm happy for me too. H
ing 'outfof the ’0.‘ Mike Miner, Collin’a know what i mean." _ another car. Her car exploded, hurling her [You know something, though?
longtime buddy and the county’s coroner, Collins used the middle finger of his left through the windshield of the other car. 'What? . . ' H
‘ ‘ altered the note somewhat. it now read hand to push his glasses up higher on his Her body shot through the glass, snapped “The glasses are a little too tight.
. FROM THE DESK OF A CLOD. Miner nose. "The facts again." he mumbled. “No the neck of the driver, and landed in the Back in his office, Collins twiddled-his
O 0 also scrawled a short message: "Collins, weapon. No motive. No nothing. Maybe street after shattering the rear window. thumbs. "Rod Serlmg, noted Collins.

isomebod..." “Sounds rough. i guess she's not a “Fuck RodSerling." D

      
 
  

       

Sorry I can‘t be of more help. But he should

Dress Your Best . “ ' .    I. Joseexp it“ , i V _
   e) -    n      ,   

 

 

is looking {or crea (1‘ ve people to
Proper I - D - enrich themanyaspects of our a 
. section. If you want to work on * H
‘ ' ’ ' I ' ' l I Aspectsin anycapaclty, call @
“Do you use birth control?” 442-5661orstopbyiheASP 0
“Yes. ” - ofﬁce, C C 329, anytime. If you ’re V '

' ‘ ' '; acreative hoto ra heroran “'-
“The Cdthouc‘ ChurCh Opposes It.” artist, €01!sz usfmifiediately!
“Well, I use it religiously.”

 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 

Don’t Be Late

$3.00 w/ Invitation '
$5.00 w/o Invitation I

Discount Capitaland Delorean Taxis
Don’t Miss It . . . . Lightning Never Strikes Twice!

  
  
  
   
  

Aspects thanks you.

  

 

 

 

 

 
 
     
  

   

 

    

 

 

   

        

  
 

    
  
 

       

“A”:ii,\uc\.i.'t'\.Ii.xt‘|tti‘ii‘niii't't'a‘u._’.'  '.'.""f\.“"* 3‘" r ‘ ' ‘ ‘ "‘ "R

         

union.“ .uw Au m i w

