 

 

 

 

 
  
 

Albany,» has its own
karate, kid in Brian
Solomon See page 23

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

By Cathy Errlg
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Andy ,Seras and coach Joe
DeMeo both knew that for Seras
to wrestle at 158 in the Division I
NCAAs was a gamble. Unfor-
tunately for Seras, the odds were
not in his favor last week as he
lost 13-5 in the ﬁrst round of the
competition.

“My opponent. Dave Ewing of
Iowa State. felt very big,” said
Seras. “We knew my wrestling at
158 was taking a chance. it didn’t
work out they way we wanted.”

The match began with Seras
taking a two-point lead,‘ getting
the first take-down. The lead was
then exchanged several times until

Seras leading the third seeded Ew-
ing 5-4, Ewing successfully ex-
! ecuted a five-point move called a
Metzger.

; “I felt it coming," said Seras,
"and I thought I had stopped it.
Afterwards. I couldn't come back
from behind."

Because Ewing failed to qualify
for the semi-finals, (his next
match was against the match's
top—seed and eventual winner),
Seras' participation in the'tourna-

 

 

Andy Seras completed his collegiate career In a disappointing laahlon. losing In the tint ro

NCAA Division I tournament.

Jrjsolﬁﬁz ment was ended with the defeat.

“I wrestled in the toughest
bracket unfortunately," said

Seras humbled in first
round of Bi

v. I NCAAS‘?

Seras. “The ﬁrst and third seeds

were both in it. And wrestling at '

158 wasa mistake."

Seras also noted the difference
between Division I and Division
III competition. ‘

“There is deﬁnitely a big dif-
ference between the two. These
guys are all well-seasoned and
have had good matches. When I

compare my competing in Divi-'

sion I to Greg Hart and Dan
Croutier going up against Divi-
sion I guys, I meant it also to
show the level of competition I’d
be up against last week. A lot of

people had some pretty high ex-»

pectations of me; they didn’t
realize what I’d be up against.”

when. late in the first period with .

The competition was Seras’
final collegiate competition, and
left him with some mixed feelings
concerning his career.

“I fell short on a few things,”
said Seras. “I had wanted to win
more national titles and have
placed in Division 1.”

Overall, however, his attitude
was positive.

“I did get the four SUNYAC
titles and made All-American
four times. And I was on the two
best wrestling teams in Albany
State history. I had a good
career.“ El

Dane trackmen run away rivith eighth in States

By lan Clements
STAFF warm:

The Albany State men's indoor track
team ﬁnished a disappointing season with
its finest overall performance last weekend
as the Danes placed eighth in the State
Championships at Cortland.

Fredonia maintained its possession of
the New York State Collegiate Track and
Field Association crown. In capturing
their fourth consecutive title, the Blue
Devils blazed to 151 points.

St. Lawrence was the best of the rest
with 64. Ithaca and Cortland followed
with 49 and 48. respectively. The Danes
tallied 26.

After a rare sub-.500 dual meet season
from a team that he hoped would be one of
his finest. Albany Coach Bob Munsey is
looking forward to the outdoor season:

“There is hope for the spring at last. I
had been beginning to wonder if there was
any hope at all," he said. “We’re beginn-
ing to show some talent," he added.

Ed McGill showed not only talent but
intelligence en-route to a second place
finish in the 5,000-meter run.

The senior was content to let his op-
ponents chase eventual winner Tim
Wunsch of Cortland. or as he
diplomatically stated. “I ran an intelligent.
tactical race. whereas others didn‘t."

“I went through the mile in 4:45 and I
wasn't even close. Then they just kept
dropping, it was ridiculous." hc cxplained.

Munsey called McGill's l5116 effort
“one of the most pleasing runs all year."

Another performance that was pleasing
to Munscy's discriminating eye was turned
in by sophomore Dave Blclte. The
Williamsvillc native run in all three relays
and was given the Danes' athclctc-of-the-
mcct award, "the Red Feather." for his
long afternoon of work.

He started his day by leading off for the
fifth place 3.200-mcter relay. His time of
2:0().6 was the relay’s best. Toni Kucandes

followed with his best indoor 800, 2201.2,
Craig Parlato ran a 2:0l.7 leg and
freshman Parge Paul anchored in 2:03.8.

All but Paul returned for the distance
medley, which also placed ﬁfth. Blette
again led off. this time with an 800 split of
2:015. Pat Saccocio was next with a 53.0
400. Kacandes, in his last collegiate race,
ran 3:17 for 1,200. Parlato ran the 1,600in
4:37.

Blette was a last-minute replacement for
the ailing Saccocio in the 1,600-meter
relay. and he responded with a 54.0.

His effort and that of his relaysmates
who combined for a season's best of 3:31.
went for naught, however. Lead-off man
John Reilly cut off an Alfred runner, caus-
ing the squad to be disqualiﬁed.

Munsey praised two members of the
team: Ed “he's only a freshman” Levy
and Mike Riggins of whom he said,
“thank God he’s down where he should
be.”

Reilly, who had been a consistently
strong performer for the Danes
throughout the season. finished the cam-
paign with a fine fifth place ﬁnish in the
400-meter run. His time of 51.66 was his
best of the season.

Jim Erwin also saved his best for last.
He ran his fastest indoor 1.500 Friday
night to qualify for Saturday‘s finals. in
the final, he ran 4:03, two seconds slower
than his performance the night before. but
good enouin to place sixth.

Another Dunc to grab one point in his
event was Curt Wicdman. The freshman
cleared l3’ in his first state meet pole
vault.

Marc Mcrcurio was displeased with his
performance in his final state meet.

Most weightmen would give up one
whole meet to throw the weight 53’10'/z"
and place second. but Mercurio has high
expectations. “Both the performance and
the place were a letdown." the All-

 

American said. The toss was his second-
best ever but the loss came at‘the especially
large hands of his local nemesis, Scott
Remiilard of Union. ,

Mercurio said he is looking forward to
the outdoor season and throwing the ham-

- mer'200 feet. which is twenty feet further

than his current best.
Paul Mance is also hoping to blossom in
the spring. Because of a sore toe, the

month” during the indoor season.
Despite the layoff, ‘he triple jumped
44’10 I/ " for fifth place. He was in se-
cond after the trials. but “everybody just
blew me lnthe ﬁnals.” he said. ,
‘The Danes ﬁnished ahead of their local
rival, RPI, for the only time in four indoor
meetings. They will begin their outdoor
season by hosting the Engineers on April

 

“I didn't work out for a 3.

 

 

  

 

   

  
 
  

I". _

JIR‘

VOLUME L.XXII

 

PUBLISHED AT .THESTA TE UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK 'A‘TlALBANY BY  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

V
.-  x N i .
«ﬂu-"£3

 
     

L

' a Friday

March 22, 1985

NUMBER 14

 

’ 'Infirmary has

wider support
than imagined,
survey reveals

By Kathleen Stack

STAFF WRITER

Those nightmare tales about the services
provided by the infirmary seem to be the
exceptions rather than the rule, according
to thevfinal results of the Student Health
Service survey.

About 500 surveys were distributed by
the Student Community Committee in the
past two weeks at the commuter cafeteria.
dorms and dinner lines.

Overall responses were positive. “A lot
of pepole complained about speciﬁcs. but.
in general, they felt it was satisfactory
medical care." said Rich Dalton, chair of
the Student Community Committee.

'65 percent of the students surveyed felt
they had received satisfactory medical
care, while 35 percent felt they had not. ’

“That's heartening," said Neil Brown.
Associate Vice-President of the Student
Health Services. “it would be nice if 95
percent of the students said they were
satisfied, but it just doesn‘t work thay
way," he said. '

The most common complaint reported

on the survey-was slow service. 47.pcrccnt._.

of the respondents found the service slow
while 36 percent said they had been treated
quickly and 17 percent felt that it varies.

“Themost accurate response has to be
that it varies because it does." said Brown.
Both Brown and Dr. Norman Dennis.
Medical Director of the Strident Health
Services. are looking into ways to tackle
the waiting-room problem.

“We would like to arrange follow-up
visits on an appointment basis. and ar-
ragne those designated appointments at
the least busy times.” said Brown. They
are considering conducting a survey at the
clinic to get feedback on that and other
proposals. he said.

“We have been fortunate to have

capability in our physicians, but availabili- r

ty has been a problem.” said Dennis. ad-
ding that "good medicine. good concerns,
and individual care are very time consum-
ing things."

76 percent of the students surveyed said
they had never been misdiagnosed, while
24 percent said that they had.

“That question is very broad and
general." said Brown, and the “percen-
tage answer does not help us know why
students feel as they‘do. Maybe it's a ques-

. ' 13>

 

    

Rich Dalton
Overall response was positive

 

BNARI ALI!!! uea '

‘ By Barbara Abrahamer
STAFF WRITER

"Okay, lower it slowly. ” yelled the
woman to the other six people inching
the huge wood and paper backdrop

' down to' the stage ﬂoor late Thursday
evening. The Campus Center Ballroom
was crisscrossed . by Telethon stafl
ﬁnishing up the night's work, and just
as the words “Today's Youth-the Pro-
mise of Tomorrow" came into View and
the backdrop hit bottom, the
loudspeaker blared, “Testing-onc-two.
one-two, test-test-Iest. "

When the doors open for Telethon '85
Friday evening at 7:30 p.m.. the stage
will be set. the performers ready, and
the lights will be blazing for the 19th
year in a row. in one final 24 hour
marathon that so .many Telethon
volunteers have been working towards
since last summer. SUNYA will get the
chance to see student and professional
entertainment. a film festival. three rock
bands. many pies thrown in the faces of
campus personalities. and it‘s all in the
name of a good cause.

The money raised. which Telethon co-
chair Eileen Shapiro hopes will break
last year's record of $40,000 grossed.
will be split between two recipient
organizations in Albany: the Albany
Boys' Club and the Drnkcland Daycare
Center.

The lloys' Club. which serves about
800 boys and girls at its two branches,
will use its share of the money raised on
“after-school programs. furniture, art
supplies. books for school." and other
equipment. said Larry Pearson. pro-.
1mm director of the Club's Delaware

 

 

A ehild'at Drakeland' Daycare'Cenler. one of .‘l'el'dthon '85'5 cherltles._

 

Telethon awaits-its cue

Kazoo brothers, Stomplistics to perform

Avenue branch.

“Most parents work and the majority
of their kids have no place to go," Pear-
son said. adding, “the Boys‘ Club pro-.
vides a safe environment for the kids.”

Drakcland Daycare Center's Janice
Parker “was truly surprised," when the
center was picked as a Telethon recl—
pient. last semester. The facility-opened
a year ago January. and is the 'only
licensed daycare center in thc Arbor Hill
area, she said.

With its part of the money. Parker
said Drukeland will conccntralc on buy-
ing "supplies, supplies. supplies." for
the 35 childrcn, agcd 8 wccks to 5 years.
that it serves. Most of the children are
from “low income. single-parcnt
homes." she notcd. ‘

Shapiro said part of the fun of
Telethon was working with the kids.
“They're so full of lovc-thcy don't want
anything from us except for us to be
with them." ,

Shapiro‘s co-chair, Eric Dorf. agreed

wholeheartedly. Calling them “typical

cute" kids, hc stated that “every one of
them is a very different personality."

Dorf also said he had a chance to
meet the older kids when he judged a
brcnkdnnce contest at the Boys' Club.
“I just got to see the kids in their own
atmosphere. not ours. . .they were real-
ly friendly. '

Not only does Telethon draw on cam-
pus talent for entertainment. but several
local artists. including the Stomplistics.
have volunteered their time. Telethon is
also drawing on alumni support. with

the band The Four Quads returning to

 

18>

 

Schaffer irate
over apparent
stall to pass

Business Ed.

By Alicia Clmbora
ASSfK'IAI’F NEWS EDITOR

Student Association President Rich
Schaffer is outraged over what he calls an
“administrative stall' to the approval of
the Business Education Task Force’s
report on Albany‘s Business Education
Program, but Vice President of Academic
Affairs Judith Ramaley contends that the
administration is merely “following the
governance structure for the approval of
any new program." .

Schaffer's reaction is in response to the
recommendation of the University
Scnate‘s Educational Policy Council
(EPC) to refer the report to the Busincss
Education Task Force to its long range
planning committee.

The report of the Task Force. rclcuscd
Monday. unanimously rccommcnded to
maintain the [3.3. program and to imple-
ment the combined ll.S./M.S. program. it
was Scnl to both Senate Councils. the lil’(‘
and the Graduate Acudcmic (‘ouncil
(GAC) for review. which according to
University President Vincent O‘Lcary. “is

. a process which is undertakcn'for every
.. proposed or substantially changed pro-

gram on this campus."

However. some SA officials say they
feel that. in the case of Business Education
“all top level management are against it
and it‘s just being stalled."

According to Patty Salkin. the only stu~
dent member of the Task Force and a
member of EPC, “the Task Force was
meant to cut down on time for GAC and
EPC." since it is made up of members of
both those councils. if the report is to be
referred back [0 EPC and GAC subcom-
mittccs. “why did the Task Force meet and
why wcrc we told time was of the
essence?" she asked.

I‘It‘s not that hard to get a combined
program approved but this one lacks ud-
ministrative support." Salkin said. adding
that there were many combined programs
passed this year alone with no problem.

Schaffer agrch stating that “combined
B.A./M.A. have been approved at rapid
speed when the top level administrators
want them to be approved."

Hc cailcd the action of EPC a “p .tuc
cxamplc“ of “stalling tactics in order to
leave no other option btll to dismantle the
program."

Ramnlcy however, said that “this pm»
gram is moving at the same rate. even
faster. than most programs.“ She addcd
that, while site understands the feelings of
those who are affected by the decision. the
program is being considcrcd on a “very
normal” time scale. “it takes scvcral mon-
ths to move through thc univcrsit)’ govcr~
trance structure." Rtunaicy said.

Speaking stroneg in opposition to this,
Scltal'fcr said, “maybe the whole problcm
with the univcrsity governance structure is
that things move too slowly. Speaking
from a Report of the Association of
American Colleges be quoted that "college
curriculum tdday is in total disarray
because of research emphasis and the
university governance structure."

Ramuley announced at the EPC meeting
that admissions to the program would rc-
main suspended for another year. and, ac-
cording to O'Leary and Kentucky, it would

20>

wisz‘a .

 

