 

SPORTS

HULK HOGAN

Hulk’s Rock-and-Roll Wrestling Revival

“Hulkamania, " the worship of a [ta/dish,
305-pound beach boy named Hulk Hogan.
took religious root in Madison Square Gar-
den on Jan. 24, 1984. That afternoon. the
6-foot 8-inch Hogan took the World Wres-
tling Association championship from “the
Madman of Iran, " the infamous Iron
Sheik. Last month an estimated 40 million
pay- TV viewers worldwide watched Hogan
and Mr. T destroy the notorious bad-guy
team of Rowdy Roddy Piper and Paul (Mr.
Wonderful) Orndorff The numbers aren’t
surprising-wrestling shows now outdraw
even dirty movies on cable TV. But Hulk
wants more. Already he has portrayed
Thunderlt‘ps in “Rocky III. " cut a No. 1
song in Japan and. with the help of Cyndi
Lauper. melded the constituencies of pro
wrestling and rock music.

Hulk—unlike most pro-wrestling idols—-
is no goody two shoes in the ring. When
provoked by cheaters. his response is to take
no prisoners. even if it means breaking the
rules. Sometimes he forgets his strength out-
side the ring. Three days before Hulk teamed
with Mr. 72. comedian Richard Belzer asked
the champ to demonstrate a front chin lock
on his cable talk show. Belzer went limp.
passed out and was taken to the hospital. The
next day Hulk talked with NEWSWEEK'S
Neal Karlen:

KARLEN: Pro wrestling used to appeal
almost exclusively to art audience of blue-
haired grandmothers and fans of polka mu-
sic. Suddenly, the sport is hip. Why?

HOGAN: The main reason wrestling has
become so popular is that there is now a new
breed of wrestler. A lot of these guys could
play any sport they wanted. The reason
most ofthem wrestle is that it‘sa one-on-one
type of situation—there‘s no padding. no
helmets. A lot of guys would rather have a
physical confrontation than be somebody's
teammate or sit on the bench for half the
game. So part of the reason wrestling is
getting so popular is the dedication of this
new breed. I also like to think that I have
something to do with it. Being the world
champion means I‘ve got a heck ofa follow-
ing. So all I do now is come out and tell the
truth. And you know what? A lot ofpeople
can‘t handle it when I talk the truth.

Q. What kind of truth?

A. The truth—the stutt‘that really comes
out ofmy life. Most people can't handle the
fact that at 5 o‘clock this morning I was up
training. Or they can‘t handle all the things
I tell kids about the importance oftraining.
saying your prayers. eating vitamins and
not smoking or drinking. When they listen
to me. some people say. “Oh. come on. that
big goof." But that‘s the way it is. I play it
straight. thu I ﬁrst got out ofhigh school.

22

I was into drinking beer and ﬁghting. And
now I've found that just working out and
staying straight is the ultimate natural high.
I don’t need nothin‘ else, and I tell people
that. And after they watch me, they realize
that‘s who I am.

Q. You started off as a bad guy not afraid
to wrestle dirty. Now you ’reu hero. Ha ve you
changed your ﬁghting style at all?

A. No. When I started in Minneapolis, 1
always went into the ring and tried to wres-
tle fair. But when other wrestlers started
taking shortcuts, I‘d go ahead and give them
a nice receipt. The people in Minneapolis
loved that. And when Icame to New York. I

With Lauper: Training, vitamins, prayer

just kept doing the same thing. Ifsomebody
kicked me in the guts. I'd do the same thing
to them. And the fans still liked me.

Q. What is the connection between rock
music and wrestling?

A. People who follow rock and those who
follow wrestling are the same type of fans.
They are real energetic. Rock and wrestling
is a great combination. They're almost the
satne thing.

Q. How did you meet Cyndi Lauper?

A. First I made friends with her manager,
Dave Wolf. He lives up in Connecticut
where I have an apartment. We had a lot of
things in common. He‘s a wrestling fan. and
I played bass guitar several years ago in
some rock bands. Anyway, me and Dave
Wolf started talking about music. and all
of a sudden Cyndi Lauper started hang-

ing around. Dave talked her into watching
wrestling. and she loved it. Then she got
interested in the girl wrestlers and ap-
proached [then contender, now women‘s
champ] Wendy Richter and asked her if she
needed help. Wendy discovered Cyndi is
into diet and nutrition. One thing led to
another. and Cyndi ended up managing
Wendy. And they’ve become real success-
ful. I don‘t know how much Cyndi herself
trains, but she manages to take care ofher-
self even with the crazy schedule she‘s got.

Q. How does it feel to be treated like a
rock star?

A. Well, you know, before wrestling be—
came so popular. a lot of people were em-
barrassed to come to the matches. Now
that wrestling has gotten so big, a lot of
movie stars and celebrities are jumping on
the bandwagon. Now I don‘t mind people
jumping on the bandwagon. It‘s nice to see
Liberace or Geraldine Ferraro sitting in the
crowd. But I know that for those kind of
people it‘s just a fad. I just want to see if
they're going to hang around.

Q. Was it hard for you to make the transi-
tion from local wrestling hero to interna-
tional star?

A. Not really, because I made sure to keep
living the same way I always had. When
people ask what it‘s like to be a celebrity. I
say, “What the hell’s that?" I mean, I'm still
wearing my tennis shoes and cowboy boots
and training and doing the same things that
I did when nobody knew me. You know, it’s
just my personality to pick my opponents
apart. and if that's what being a star is all‘
about, then I‘ve been a star fora long time. I
haven't changed a bit. Right now. people
are watching me and catching on. They say.
“Hey man, this guy’s a heck ofa role model
because he tells the truth about things."

Q. You become a symbol of American
patriotism after you beat the Iron Sheik. Do
you feel you symbolize anything?

A.Idon‘t know. [do know that 200timesa
day parents come up and ask, "Hey, Hulk,
would you sign this autograph? My kid
really loves you and the things you say." I
may sound a little repetitive. but I'm always
telling the kids to train, say your prayers and
eat your vitamins. I‘m not laying a heavy rap
on them about God, because sometimes
that‘ll turn people off. But they get the
message. And like I said. after they watch
me long enough they realize that I‘m
straightforward. They know I‘m not out
there hyping and then going home and
drinking and snorting coke in the back
room. I‘m playingitstraight all the way. I'm
just telling them what I do for a living and
what my life is like. And people get olfon it.

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY 1935

 

 

 

 

.l . .l m. - ' l
Episcopal deacon Eisenstadt serves communion.- Front the ‘old boys’to the ‘new gtrls’

l

The New Face of the Clergy

he new face of the clergy belongs to
I Rafael Aledo, 23, an erratic high-
school student and drug user from

New York‘s Spanish Harlem. Alcdo found
God, he says. after his girlfriend returned
from a religious retreat and coaxed him to
attend mass. Now he is preparing to enter
the Roman Catholic priesthood—at an
open-door seminary that permits its stu-
dents to date women. The new face of the
clergy belongs also to Amy Eilberg, 3 l . who
graduates this month from the Jewish The-
ological Seminary as the ﬁrst female Con-
servative rabbi, and to Tim Tune, 31, who
entered the Southwestern Baptist Theologi-
cal Seminary after eight years as a newspa-
pcrman. “It took about halfmy lifetime for
God to lead me here," Tune says, “but now I
know that this is where I should be."

Meet today‘s congregation of clerics—
older, better educated and more world-
ly-wise. Faced with a shortage of peo-
ple who are willing to commit their
lives to religion, some denominations
are easing old strictures. Others, hop-
ing to extend their reach, are welcom-
ing women. minorities and midcareer
converts. Religion-related opportuni-
ties havc expanded beyond the pulpit to
ﬁnance. broadcasting and technologi~
cal ﬁelds. And. while few would choose
a cleric's career for material reasons,
salaries and beneﬁts are ﬁnally moving
beyond church-mouse penury. A min-
istcr's average starting salary in major
Protestant denominations, for exam-
ple. is now $18,000. while the chief
minister or rabbi of a large church or
temple might command as much as
$75,000 in pay and perquisites.

Some oftlic biggest adjustments are
being made by the Roman Catholic

NliWSWlil-IK ()N CAMPUS/MAY IONS

 

Church. which faces a severe shortage of
priests. Only 57,891 priests now serve a
growing population of 52 million American
Catholics; those ranks are expected to
shrink by half before the year 2000. and
seminary enrollment has plummeted 74
percent since 1969. Aware that the de-
mands of celibacy. obedience and poverty
discourage many would-be priests, some
seminaries are trimming their restrictions.
One of the boldest is New York‘s Neumann
Residence, where 35 students from local
colleges live while mixing religious and sec-
ular studies. They can dress as they like and
date casually—not steadily—in an atmos-
phere that resembles an internship.
Catholicism is also offering ways to serve
short of the priesthood—as lay teachers,
counselors and administrators. And despite
the Vatican's continuing resistance to

conﬁrming women as priests, nuns have
assumed signiﬁcant new responsibilities.
Most orders now look for recruits with two
years of college or work experience, and
their nuns may serve as assistant pastors.
campus chaplains. directors of religious
education, foreign missionaries or social
workers. Says Sister Lora Ann Quinonez.
executive director of the Leadership Con-
ference of Women Religious: “A woman
enteringacommunityisabletodoanything
that her community‘s goals, her own talents
and the needs of any local church group
would direct her to do."

omen serve even more centrally in
w Reform and Conservative tcm-
pics. the two wings of Judaism
that ordain female rabbis. Females now
make up one-third of the students at He-
brew Union College (HUC), the Reform
seminary. Enrollments in general are ris-
ing—and authorities see a resurgence of
religious feeling. “There was a time when
you could caricature Jewish students as
heading toward a few professions, and being
a rabbi was at the bottom of the list." says
Rabbi Stanley Schachter of the Jewish
Theological Seminary in New York. “Now
we’re ﬁnding a lot ofinterest." Rabbi Rob-
ert Hirt of the Orthodox Isaac Elchanan
Seminary at New York‘s Yeshiva Universi-
ty sees a new kind ofstudent. Today‘s rab-
binical candidates, Hirt says. “come from
places like Yale and Dartmouth. They were
touched by someone in college or took a
year or a semester in Israel, and they feel
they have a great responsibility to repay."
Protestant seminaries have boosted en-
rollment 20 percent since ‘1979. partly by
developing increasingly sophisticated pro-
grams: Emory‘s Candler School of Theol-
ogy. for example. offers a dual Master
of Divinity/M.B.A. for those who aspire
to church management. At Southwestern
Baptist in Ft. Worth—the world‘s larg-
est seminary, with 5.086 students—one
can major in Christian Communica-
tions. Ministerial openings vary. They
abound in the thriving evangelical
churches but are rare in the more af-
ﬂuent, suburban precincts of estab-
lished Protestant denominations. For
all their progress, women may still
ﬁnd opportunities limited by congre-
gations that resist hiring them as pas-
tors. Yet this. too. shall pass, says
Elizabeth Eisenstadt, another new
woman of God. Ordained an Episco-
pal dcacon last June and now an as-
sistant in a Philadelphia church. she
hopes to become a college chaplain.
“Often the best way to get a job is
word of mouth—the old-boy net-
work." Eisenstudt concedes. and then
adds with a laugh, “or, more and
more. the young-girl network."

lll|.l. IIAROI. \vtth CYNTHIA l. l‘l(i()'lll' niul
JULIUS (iliNAClIOWSKI In New York

STEVEN BAMBERG

l]

 

 

