 

 when r... If"... . ,. . .. ._ a-..

rVIE W FROM THE CA NDIDA  

l)What would be your major
priorities as SA President?

 

.. «.4 .«..«.~..uv.vr... ﬁrmly-AIM .. mgr.“ 

r

    

Paco Duarte
As president of SA. my major con-
cerns will be promoting student activism
and the needs of students. SA's major
priorities will be fighting the grouper
law. tlte W~poliey. fighting for an effi-
cient bus system. ensuring the survival
and continued growrh of the Don't
Walk Alone program and promoting
development of beneficial activities for
students in educational arid cultural
events.

(r w...“ w. ..
.."5‘v-.’?‘-. 11' my??? .r . n .e. ..

 

   

\ \ -
Steve Gawley
My major priorities as SA President
would be facilitated by setting the tone
for student activism and for student in-
volvement. The delay of the Grouper
Law and the defeat of the 2i year old
drinking age proposal would be two im-
mediate projects. increased voter
registration and , improved advised
systems would comprise some of the ma-
jor priorities for the upcoming year.

a" was... _" ‘ «mm-mm...

amassing x

  

mt: 
Mike Miller

— Organizing and activating our
delegation to the University Senate. so
that students can have a greater input in-
to educational and campus affairs (such
as rescinding the “Drop W").

——- Establishment of a student-run
course evaluation publication-(SCATE).

— Working to end division in SA and
to establish a new open and friendly
environment.

— Fighting the Anti-Grouper law

 

tlon Is loosely defined In the
SA constitution. How would
you interpret your duties? Be
specific.

 

l)'l‘he Vice-President’s posi- '

 

  

t
Tihan Presbie
My dutiesas SA V'ice President are ex-
tremely important. I will serve as the
chief administrative officer of the St_u-
dent Association. I will work in con-
junction with the President on all cam-
pus wide concerns to improve the quail-
ty of student life. I will oversee SA elec-r
tions and I shall oversee and initiate pro-
gramming of SA.

   

. - t
Willie Salerno
The Vice President has 3 main respon-
sibilities in SA. With the new constitu-
tion I must work with the programming
director on projects in his/her office.
The chief administrative officer aspect
deals with ensuring proper operation of
the office. the 200 accounts and the con-
tact office. The third role is to work with
the president on major issues of student
concern.

  

 

Mike Berman
I have three signiﬁcant duties. I)Make
-recomendations and give suggestions to
tthe president vis 3 via the SA budget.
ideas for student activities and changes.
2)l take a lot of responsibility in seeing
to it that his legislation is passed by Cen-
tral Council. 3)Oversee the election pro-
cess and see to it that it is just.

    

N ~
Chris Thomas
Thc Vice President should I) Be Chief
Adtttinistrative Officer within SA.
overseeing SA operations irt terms of
compliance with affirmative action and
efficiency. 2) Work very closely with the
Prograrrttnittg Director 3) Provide sup-
port to tire President and sltaring infor-
mation with the President.

  

Ross Abelow
The first duty of tire Vice President is
working with the President to strcngtlten
student power on campus. I ntust work
closely with the Prograrttmirtg Director
and Media Director to program
numerous and varied activities artd to
improve the Student Voice. Another du-
ty is publicizing SA and rccrtriting new
tttctnbers. I tn ust also ensure that tlte Af-
firmative Action policy is ttphcld in SA
hiring practices.

 

2)Whttt changes, If any.
would you like to make in the
executive branch? If you feel
no changes,are necessary. ex-
plain why.

To the executive branch. I would like
to institute a structural change. This
change being the formation of an SA
Executive Branch Cabittet. We must en-
sure the participation of women.
mittorities. and members of UAD on
this cabinet. This will encourage ntore
studcrtt participation in SA and will
serve as an educational opportunity for
students to obtain much needed
experience.

I would add a Research Director to
SA's Executive Branch. This position is
vitally important in the successful pur-
suit of student's rights due to the advan-
tage of control of information that
many of our opponents hold. As Stu-
dent Action has a well-developed
research department. the director would
focus upon campus issues and especially
academic ones.

2)What specific programm-
Ing ideas or projects would
you want to see Initiated?

In order to organize the Executive
Branch to reinforce areas we are now
weak in, I will: i)Establish attd develop
a full-time SA Educational Affairs
Director to supervise our Test Bank and
SCATE programs. develop proposals
and handle grievances 2)Establish an in‘
dependent and active SA Affirmative
Action Officer 3)Expand the media
director's role as an information.
research and public relations officer

Two of my many new programming
ideas are as follows: I) I'll institute
“Albany Today" bulletin boards across
campus and quads. They'll contain all
events happening on campus and
downtown Albany for that day and the
following week. 2) I‘ll institute an SA
“suggestion box" in the campus center
and hold contests for the best
suggestions.

lby fraternities/sororities I would like to
see more university wide activities in-
Ivolving students, on and off-campus, as
.well as the possibility of having other
,schools visit ours to take part in
Isomething like, "A Day at the
;0lympics.”

To keep up with school spirit fosteréd‘

I'would like to see election campaigns
for high offices funded. in part. Ac-
tivites that fraternities fomate (parties)
should be funded in part. provided that
they include everyone.

t Projects wltich I would like to see im-
plententcd include discount taxi service
for SUNY wontctt frortt areas rtot served
by SUNY buses, off-campus block par-
ties for students and permanent
residents to promote understanding. a
Winterfcst with major concert and tcatn
competitions frotn snow sculpting to
skiing. let‘s make use of wittter.

I would like Alburry to host a SUNY
weekend, where students front all over
SUNY wottld come for one incredible
\tcckcnd. I would sct up a Student
Assistance Committee, so students with
problems about campus life cotrld voice
their opinions and appropriate changes
could be made, I would set up a commit-
tee of the presidents of groups, quad
boards artd (irccks.

 

J)How would you recruit
uninvolved students to join
SA groups and/or become
active In ﬁghting for student
Interests? '

To change our apathetic silent majori-
ty. SA must plan a long-term quest to
educate. To achieve this. the untapped
resources of quad boards. OCA. and
class councils must be utilized. With an
SA executive branch cabinet and the in-
staliation of SA event boards in quads.
we can promote SA groups and increase
student participation in issues of
conccrrt.

I would encourage the direct outreach
)f SA's programming and activist
groups directly to the students. It is sad
to see this outreach only takes place dur-
irtg the elections and referendums. I
would encourage groups to go to dinner
lines, to leaflet. and to go door to door
to facilitate recruitment and successful
events.

J)With a 19-year-old drinking
age already In effect. and a
raise to 21 looking likely.
there Is clearly an Increasing
need for more non-alcoholic
events. What new Ideas
would you have for program-
ming of this kind?

Quad. dorm and off-campus teach-ins
will keep students better informed and
involved. The incorporation of all
groups into a Student Activation Net-
work will get ntore students directly in-
volved. Working with committee chairs.
the Minority Affairs Coordinator and
others. to recruit at quad boards and
club meetings and a revamped Student
Voice will help get out information
about opportunities to get involved.

The proposed raising of the drinking
age to 21 makes it extremely necessary
for ntore nonalcoholic events. I plan to
do this in many different areas including
more comedy nights at the Dutchess.
well advertized and promoted talent
contests. incrutsed promoting of athletic
events by taking a different team each
week and promoting a game into an ex-
citing social event.

First. the Rathskellar Bar would have
to be changed to something ofa tropical
fruit bar because the campus would be
relatively dry. Students are smart
enough to realize that alcohol is not
essential to have fun. Bars such as these
have succeeded greatly at other schools
such as UCLA. So there is no reason it
can‘t work here.

We could do what other schools have
done with their campus bars: turn it into
an international cafe. We may have ac-
tivities that concentrate on foods
brought from all over the world. A com-
mittee might also be set up for the sole
purpose of creating non-alcoholic
events.

I would first implement a shift of SA
group activities from weekdays to
weekends. Alternatives such as
speakers, concerts and seminars on
weekends would remove some pressure
to drink . Also. irt Albany we have ac-
cess to some of the leading politicians
and decision-makers in tire nation. I
would like to see itttplctttcrtted a pro-
gram which would bring tltcrrt ltcre for
lecture and seminars.

If the drinking age becomes 2i, I
would initiate tttorc nonalcoholic
dances. air-band parties and comedy
nights. The quads could push people
audions. plays. coffee houses and dorm
wars. Currtpus-tvidc. we would ltave
large scale Quad Wars, Class Wars, and
Greek Wars. A huge push for greater
participation irt intercollegiate and in-
tramural athletics would he imperative.

 

4)Do you think the battle
over the “W” drop/add
policy is over? If so, why? If
not. what specific measures
would you use to fight It?

The W-poltey seems to be over but
isrt't. I would prefer to negotiate with
administration but sadly enough.
ncgotiatiorts ltave proven unsuccessful.
Tltcy refuse to rttcct our needs. We have
no alternative but to use the law of
numbers in political strength. Large
scale lcttcr campaign drives. visits. and
pltonc calls will bc some of the methods
which we will use.

Dttc to time considerations, the battle
vs. the 'W‘ may well be over for this
sctnestcr. However next year i would in-
itiatc a survey into the effects of the ‘W'
policy upon students itt the fall semester.
From the results. l'd pursue the ap-
propriate alterations in the policy. back-
ed up by research and a massive
mobilization of students if necessary.

The fight over "Drop W" will never
be over. as poorly advised students will
be lit jeopardy ol‘ being locked ittto inap-
propriate course choices. The key will be
increasing the effectiveness of students
iii the University Senate. By making
students a viable force there. we can get

4)Whlle SA has made some
recent gains In. minority
recruitment and- participa-
tion. much of the programm-
Ing and Involvement remains
segregated. What Ideas do
you have for Integrating pro-
gramming, particularly for

“Drop w“ r'j'SCin‘lCd lhmugll me some of the more traditional,
Senate process, just like the way it was "mpusmldg evenls (LL
passed. Mayfest. Senior Week)?

To obtain there integration in events
(i.e. Mayfestj Senior Week, etc.) we
must first start with integration of our
programming :groups. I will take afﬁr-
mative measuies to inform and recruit
minorities fo programming groups.
This will be djnethrough direct contact
and encourag ment. Only through my
proposed positive steps of action can
this be accomplished.

By having UCB set aside (X) amount
of dollars with the specific idea in mind
that tWo groups appealing to minorities
as well as other students play at one
event so as to bring the students together
as one. Also. by having larger groups
such as AMIA/WIRA sponsor events
along with minority groups (P.C..
ASUBA. etc).

We must first ﬁnd out why minorities
feel alienated. I would have Ilyers sent
to every suite saying that “All Arc
Welcome." If a hand is being extended
to say. “join us." it is then up to those
minority students to respond.

I would recommend direct and mean-
ingful participation of minority group
leaders irt tltc planning of these cvcnts
and use the influence of tire office to in-
sure tltat their suggestions were in-
tegratcd irtto the planning artd execution
of these events. Fttrtltcrrnore. I would
encourage cvcnts specifically geared
towards tltc trtirtority population
(including \vomcrt) suggested by them.

In order to integrate programming cf-
fectively. it is essential that minority
students participate III the planning of
such events as Mayfcst and Senior
Week. Tltcir input and ideas are vital for
tnore integrated programming. Once tltc
planttirtg is integrated and with tltc in-
stitution of a strong policy described in
question 6. fully integrated prograrttm-
ing is ttot far behind.

 

5)Mayor Whalen has already
begun enforcing the city‘s
grouper law. What action
would you take to protect
SUNYA's off-campus
residents?

Art ttctive stand by students is the only
viable policy left to us in dealing with
Mayor Wltalen regarding this law. l'd
institute an extensive lobbying catn-
paign. We as students possess political
power if we choose to cxcrcise it. I also
would engage in discussions with the ad-
ministration regarding student housing.
This is a University problem, not just a
student one.

i would work toward a delay in the
cnforcctttcrtt of the grouper law. In the
first project that would be initiated after
tltc election. I would begin a major
public relations campaign aimed at
altering the contntunity's negative
perception of the Albany student. A
simple delay would be sought itt enforce-
rttent until adequate on-campus housing
could be built.

Using the bargaining power of high

voter turnout numbers and using our SA lunlnvolved students to join
Legal Services Department to bring a .5A groups Ind/0r become
successful suit against the law (like at tam“ '“ “8W”! '0'“ Student
SUNY Bingltamton) are direct methods. hum“?
In addition. encouraging students to get
involved in local civic associations will
give us more credibility lit the communi-
ty and decrease the pressure on the
mayor to enforce the law.

i5)How would you recruit

Three of my new programming ideas
apply here. My “Albany Today" pro-
ject will increase student awareness and.
participation in all SA groups. My sug-
gestion box in the campus center and the
new SA newsletter will inform and make.
students feel more involved in SA which'
will in turn help increase our fighting.
force for student interests.

Networking is the key idea here.
Utilizing the new fraternity/sorority
.system is important as much as continu-
ing the exchange of ideas through the
RAs. quad boards and OCA. By com-
municating to students through
established systems and tapping unin-
volved interest groups such as student
athletes we will work to point out that
issues affect each and every one of us.

Students should be told what happens
if they remain apathetic. The drinking
age is likely to go up. tuition may in-
crease, etc. Again. flyers should be sent
to every suite. The key to more involve-
ment is definitely more communication.

SA needs to stop portraying itself as a
rather closed club. Student potvcr
afterall lies in numbers. As candidates
we go door to door prior to elections. As
leaders. we sltotrid go door to door early
in the school year to actively rccrtrit in~
tercstcd but uninvolved students. Frosh
and transfer orientations should also be
given greater emphasis in recruitment.

I In order to recruit uninvolved
’students for SA, you rttust first make
them feel welcome. Initiate an open
door policy artd advertise open house
days in SA. Advertise with table tents,
sheet signs, ASI’ ads. and posters.
Reach out through fraternities,
sororities. Quad Boards and RA‘s.
Talking to people at their first dorm
rttecting is essential to recruit uttinvolved
students

 

6)ln the past year, Student
Association has expanded Its
involvement with academic
Issues. What Ideas do you
have for building on this?

I feel that SA's presence should be
.still further increased. i propose the
following programs to accomplish this:
the creation of a joint faculty/student
task force to discuss academic issues

 

' ", those concerning student
" ., ialso would liketo seca lcc-

u

 

turcship program established. This pro-
gram will promote beneficial cultural
and social events for the student body.

SA's involvement in academic issues
has expanded this year. but has lacked a
grassroots nature which is necessary to
the success of student issue campaigns. I
would strive to make the University
Senate an active lobbying force on
academic issues and allow the Academic
Affairs Committee to pursue mass stu-
dcrtt support for academic concerns. Im-
proved advising and student course
evaluations would be sought.

SCATE will be a massive project.
reducing students reliance in “the
grapevine" to learn about classes and
professors. We must press for financial
and professional incerttivcs to encourage
good faculty advisors and closer rela-
tionships between our advising and
career planning programs. Screening of
instructors via tests for language com-
petency will help ensure that students
will understand lectures.

‘6)Briefly describe what Affir-
mative Action means to you.
How would you want this
definition to fit Into the Mr-
Ing practices of your
administration?

Affirmative Action is a positive policy
to allow previously discriminated groups
and individuals to gain equality of op-
portunity in all areas. In the advertizing
of Student AsSOCiation positions. em-
phasis will be placed on informing in-
dividuals previously discriminated
against of the job opportunities open to
them. This will be done through direct
mail and phone contact.

Affirmative Action is a policy which
ensures that minority students will be
[given a better opportunity for positions
within internal SA, funded groups and
the campus operations. Being responsiv
bio for hiring. I would work with the AA
candidate to develop fair questions and
offer orientations before interviews to
minority students. Affirmative Action
must be implemented aggressively to be
successful.

Affirmative action means cqual op-
portuttity on a merit system basis. That
is what Dr. King envisioned. Affir-
mative action is the idea that Tont
Bradley. Mayor of L.A.. was reelected
to a fourth term because he's a great
tnayor. He just happens to be black. In
my administration, i want that idea
practiced. I will not stand for quotas.

Affirmative Action as I would apply it
to SAroffice hirings and SA group func-
tioning‘ would be not only to provide
equal opportunity. Affirmative Action
would be art effort and policy to provide
minorities (including women. disabled
and homosexuals) an edge in hiring.
This would hold true for equally able
minorities and minorities with less ex-
periettcc but the capacity to be trained
for that position.

Affirmative Action means reaching
out to those minorities who hate not
had the opportunity to participate in ac-
tivities on an equal basis. I would use
this policy to rcaclt out to tttinority
students and to ensure that minority
students are equally represented in SA.
This means reaching out to ASUBA.
Fuerza l atina and minority fraternities
artd sororities to participate in SA.

 

7)Given the recent dlsnp~
pearance of SUNVA student
Karen Wilson. through what
measures would you seek to
Improve women‘s safety on
campus?

As a first measure to intprovc
women's safety. we would strongly en-
courage students rtot to walk alone.
Right now we must emphasize the im~
portattce of the Don't Walk Alone pro-
grant and the self defense classes. SA
will work very closely with tltesc to en-
sure their growth and efficiency. Fur~
thcrrnore. additional emergency lights
artd phones should be installed.

I would crtcourage the expansion of
the Don‘t Walk Alone service to include
late night availability. I would also v ork
to ensure that self-defense programs put
on by the Studcrtt Safety Alliance would
be given at section meeting in the fall
and the spring. I would ettcouragc larger
development of the safe-house program
lit the off campus areas.

7)Do you support on-campus
housing for fraternities and
sororities? If not. why not? If
so, what criteria would you
apply?

It is disgraceful that it took such an
irtcidcrtt to make people aware of
women‘s safety. and I pledge greater SA
support for Dort't Walk Alone and an
increase in tlte number of emergency
phones on campus (especially iii the ex-
posed downtown campus). I advocate a
downtown escort service with escorts on
buses and in local university tavcrtts and
bars.

Fraternities and sororities are current-
ly looking for some type of housing. In
will be difficult for fraternities and
sororities to obtain housing off campus
because at" the grouper law. Because of
this. i would-support on campus hous—
ing for fraternities and sororities as long
as they'ttrc rtot all put together on one
quad. -

lam very much in favor ofon-cantpus
lhousing fraternities. Unfortunately all
frats/sororitics cannot be accomodated
because of their size. Therefore. I would
propose to residential life to give each
'frat/sor a hallway in a lowrise. This way
'they could have a central location which
,is very importnrtt because the frat/sor
needs an identity.

this point. I don't but I‘m certainly will-

On-campus housing for fraternities
attd sororitcs might create disunity. At

ing to hear the other side. l‘ve never seen
it. so I have no idea whether the effects

i give qualified support to on-campus
housing for fraternities arid sororities.
My criteria for fully supporting a frater-
nity would be: i) Proven contmunity in-
volvement in terms of building a better

 

are productive or counterproductive.
I'm assuming that it may be
counterproductive.

and social environment. 2)
Positive relations with SA and the goals
of SA 3) Positive relations with non-
fraternity students. 4) Proven respect.
for University and community rules

Fraternities and sororities ltave resurv
faced on campus and now play a vital
role itt campus life. Because of the
Grouper Law. Greeks cannot get off-
carrtpus housing, and since we have no
on-campus housing fraternity houses. I
support on~campus housing for
sororities and fraternities until other
housing can he made available.

 

 

ill‘Whttt experience would you
bring to the position of SA
President?

 

After two years of co~chair program-
rrtirtg and recruiter to the political group
I’rontlash in N.Y.C. School District
No.24, I've provcrt myself as a lender.
l'vc lcd successful fights against the sub-
' ' wage and aftcr programming
extensive seminars attd lobbying in
Washington. D.C.. I acquired the
maturity. tltc responsibility and prepara-

 

 

My experience includes three terms of
Central Council, SASU Delegate. SASU
Board of Directors and University
Senator. My tnost important role has
been that of Student Action Chair for
the past two years.

 

I have extensive and varied experience
from which I've learned about what
needs to itappcrt in SA. I've been active
in botlt the Exccutivc and Legislative
branches of SA (budget corttntittc. (‘ctt-
tral Council). have extensive programm-
ing experience (Class Council. Quad
Board. Hall Councils). and as Academic
Affairs Chair and an active University

lSIWhat experience would you
bring to the position of SA
Vice-President?

 

 

My extensive past experience more
than qualifies me for the position ofSA
Vice President. I've been the President‘
of the SA soccer club for two years.
During this time we've organized trips to
over 20 different colleges and univer~
sities in the northeast. I'm 150 currently
a member of tttltlctic council represen-
ting over 600 intercollegiate athletes.

As athletic coordinator for SA I deal
with the intercollegiate athletic $2l.800
budget. The knowledge I bring from this
position leaves me more than qualified
to handle the.200 accounts and proper
running of the contact office. This past
summer I attertded the human relations
,weekend which left me with a firm
understanding of the plight of the

I bring the experience of fighting for
'Students’ rights. Last year i rigorously
teampaigncd for Walter Mondale in the
New Hampshire and NY. primaries.
and on campus. I learned the “art of
campaigning" quickly and I will learn
what.l don't already know in terms of
being art effective vice president. We
never been on Central Courtcil. but I‘ve
always worked for the interests of my

As a Resident Assistant. Quad Assis—
tant. Campus Co‘Coordinator for
Students Opposed to Poverty. and an
advisor to Colonial Quad Board. I've
gathered an ability to organize.
motivate. cooperate and innovate with
students (built on and ot'f campus) and
administration.

I have been Student Actiott Pubitcity
Chairman for two years and I am a
United States Student Association
Delegate. I am Chairman ofthe Save the
Rat Corttntittee and serve on the UAS
Board of Directors. l attt Secretary Class
Council ‘86 and l have served on State
and Indian Quad Boards. Interquad
Cottncil. Intcr~Greek Council and SA
Group Advisory Board.

 

 

 

 

 

 

tion to be SA Prcsidcrtt. Wltlt me. I br- Senator have gained art intense minority student.
ing the knowledge ol'tt true goverrtrrtcrtt. knowledge of campus and educational fellow 5|"de °
affairs. -
I

 

 

 

 

 

