Star Flaws

Put a quarter in a missile command
game and presto — you’re at the controls
of a fast moving battle, and the stakes are
high. You’ve got to protect your home
zones from the dropping bombs; the
faster you move, the faster they come.
Watch out, though; if you don’t keep
moving your bases will be destroyed and
the game’s over.

President Reagan is looking to buy the
same game for billions of dollars. It’s call-
ed the Strategic Defense lnitiative(SDi) or
Star Wars and Reagan is asking congress
for about $25 billion just to determine
how and whether it should be funded. $25
billion for something we’ve already got in
most American arcades.

it’s a game based on defense, timing,
and strategy. You, (or the US. govern-
ment), have to shoot down all the bombs
before they get you, (or a US. city.)And
you've got to do it quickly — in seconds if
you’re playing in an arcade; in about four
minutes or less if you’re playing for real.
After that, the missiles split up, littering
space with tons of scrap metal that no
defense system could ever sort through.

By now, most of us have thrown away
enough quarters to know that you can’t
play missile command to win. Ultimately,
the bombs start falling too quickly, slipp-
ing past you, until you’ve been blown up.

This is precisely what many scientists
believe would happen with a star wars
defense system. They say it is physically
impossible to construct an impenetrable
defensive screen. Even supperters
acknowledge that it could only be 80-90
percent effective. Fred Hoffman, who
chaired a Reagan-appointed panel on
missile defense, concluded, “if what you
want defenses to do is to protect the bulk
of our population against an attack by a
large soviet force that has the objective of
destroying our population, then you
would need everything to work. . .the
likelihood of this happening is small."

According to a mobilization for Sur-
vival pamphlet, the U.S.S.R. has 9,000
nuclear warheads on its missiles. Even if a
star wars defense managed to block l9 out
of every 20 soviet missiles, enough would
still get through, the pamphlet maintains,
to kill up to half of America’s urban
population instantly, leaving the rest to
die off slowly from fallout, epidemics,
and nuclear winter.

Star wars an expensive. ineffective
game for our president to buy. He should
know better: would you keep feeding your
quarters into a missile command machine
when you had student loans to pay,
homeless people to house, and elderly
citizens to care for?

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

Winery/2w! , .
z  r V

 

 
  

  

  
 
 

“as \NiERES'ilNG sitcom: becomes tile mus". ;

  
   

  
  
 
  

or mac n more PROFlTABitE...."

      

Be at and 1

it usually happens the same way.

i am in a brightly lit room, sitting at a table with a
dozen other droopy faces. All of us wear the shame of
sinners in our eyes and embroidered "L”s on our sleeves.

it is my turn.

“My name is Joseph Fusco and l’m a liberal."
At this point i usually sit upright, dripping wet and l

O

L Joseph Fusco

‘ reassure myself that l‘m safe in bed and l’m not at the

Jesse Helms Clinic in McLean, Virginia. ,
These are rough times.

[Li [J Cl

l was speaking with my parents on the telephone
recently and the conversation swung to politics. which
was odd because they know how grouchy i get.‘

“Are you a liberal?" asked my father meekly, as if
he‘d heard rumors about my sexual preference.

“Yes,” i said. ‘

“0h.”

“Did we bring you up that way?” inquired my mother,
as if she were speaking about my sexual preference.

“Yes. i like to think that you did," i replied and i went
on to explain to them that the beliefs and values they
handed down to me taught me to believe that all human
beings deserve to be treated with dignity, to believe that
compassion is a virtue, to believe that a semblencc of
justice is possible, and belief in oppression isn’t very nice.
These values, l said, are some of the principles that shape
my politics and some would call them liberal. '

i like to think l'm a good human being.

Someone once read something i wrote (yes, the rumors
are true) and told my father that l'm a liberal. He denied
it. ‘ . '

"He's just a good human being."

Cl Cl E]

| have‘a professional relationship with some people
who drink their coffee out of mugs that say "Reagam
Bush '84" on the side and they tease me from time to time
about my being liberal as if it were a virus that one suffers
from in college. At the end of four years ill be "cured."
of course. because senses of justice and compassion don't
last forever, right?

it is hard for me to make them understand that these
beliefs are very much a part of me, it has taken my entire
life up to this time to develop them and principles, being
principles. are not discarded overnight.

l resent the implication that what i believe in is fleeting
at best and of very little importance.

it is frustrating to express one’s liberal beliefs in this
country today because everywhere one turns we are told
of a new America, an America that rejects the liberal
agenda in favor of ideas and leaders with tendencies that
distress people with a sense of fairness and compassion. i
would like to see my vision of the world get a chance. i
would like to see it work and grow. i want it to mean
something for my fellow hutnun beings.

i want it to be relevant.

[I] E] El

 

beralism

. . i."

it is hard to be liberal and relevant today? The problem
with believing in something is that for-it tofbe relevant a
sizeable number of people must. also believe in it, or at
least take you seriously because you believe, in it. People
seem to use the term "liberal" with such disdain and with
negative connotations. The words “liberal"_ and_,‘_.‘un-
American" are used with frightening proximity. itishard
to be relevant when a sizeable number of people believe
you don’t have your country's best interests at heart.

 

A group of people have been in the itews quite a bit
arguing about how to be relevant and liberal (or relevant
and not liberal, take you pick). This group is known as
the Democratic Party. They’re having'a difficult time
deciding what to stand for because they've been having a
difﬁcult time getting people to belieVe in what they used
to stand for (or still do. take your pick). _

The point being that the Democrats desperately need to
be relevant, to the point where some would alter the basic
beliefs of the party. : ‘

The Democrats are searching for new piinciplcs, new
ways to be appealing, new ways to be relevant because the
polls and pundits and the populace seemsto be telling
them that they have a virus called liberalism and it is not
what America wants itself infected with.

it is too easy to change, to accept the Victor’s version of
the truth. Sometimes the price of saying what you believe
is to be rejected, no matter what your philosophy.

Cl C] D V

Yes. these are tough times. it isdifﬁcult to hold on to
liberal political beliefs. it is distressing to hear that
Ronald Reagan is one of the top three heroes to my age
group. .

Cl El do

Governor Cuomo. in a speech at Yale University. eX<
plained his need to hold on to his political principles in
the face of conservative tendencies in America today. '

”...l would prefer to believe in the hopemy principles
represented..." he said.  ,.

“i don’t want to accept as destiny what we once'belicve
it was in our power to change. . 'i ,

“i don't accept that the price of-progress for the ma-
jority of us is that government must forget the rest of us.

* “i don't believe that to have part of the nation become
a ‘shining city on a hill' we'must condemn the rest of the
nation to deteriorating ghettoes with more homeless.
more hungry. more poor than at any time since the Great
Depression.”

i believe in these things as well. and despite the result of
November’s election i will not change my beliefs, values.
or political principles. 1 want to continue to believe in cer-
tain things without being caricatured us a "bleeding
heart" or “un-American," without being made to feel
uncomfortable expressing those things, without being
made to feel irrelevant.

i want people to know what i believe itt certain thlnBS
not because 1 full under a pathetic label. but because i'm
a good human being. El

 

 

 

.-wmvwmao¢~~m‘wﬂd, m4.”ng ' . . 'V w“. u». .. > u. Ly:>>..-l-' , I

\E 

 

Grateful for help
To the Editor:  I H 1- v
No words can fully express the gratitude we feel
towards students who helped in Thursday's search for
evidence that could help locate Karen Wilson. We realize
that so many of the students who willinglydOnated their
time and energy do not even know Karen indirectly. We
know that to allow themselves to participate some
students took time out from studying for important tests,
some took time off from jobs, some missed classes, some
overcame personal fears, and there were other inconve-
niences. ~Many individuals displayed'great- compassion
and understanding in seeing that a large self—sacrifice can
be outweighedby what it might do for someone else. it is
a rare gift to be able to place yourself in another’s shoes
and then act as'youwould wish others to do for you.
Some students did this, and the sincere altruism which
they demonstrated should serve as an example to us all.
' in further complimenting the volunteers, we only
observed complete cooperation with police and a serious
attitude toward the tasks performed throughout the
search. ' .
The investigators reiterated the request for anyone with
information to come forward. in a heartfelt plea, police
expressed their greatest fear as being that students might
know something but keep it to themselves because they
think it's too trivial, they think police may already know
about it, or for some other reason. Something you view as
a far outside shot in the dark will be welcomed with open
arms by investigators, even something with only a minute
chance of being indirectly related to the case. Let the ex-

perts decide if you'are only being paranoid or not. You ‘

will not be looked upon as foolish or as wasting their
time, but you will be thanked and appreciated more than
you can imagine. Please. remetnber that your holding
back something could make a difference. 'For this reason
we urge all those who read this to show this letter to your

friends. Donot hesitate to call:

p»  €05 ‘

Established In 1m

 

 

  Heidi Jo outta, Editor in Cnlcf »
'xDun Chang. John Keenan. Managing Editors

      
   
  
  
 
  

News Editor! .... ..; ..Alleln Cimbora, James O'Sulllvln
Anocllio News Editor. ..Mleholltr Buahct
ASPectc Editor: .... ..

Anabel-tom" Editor..
Motrin W I - _

 

..Dlnlol Berth, Michell; Krell

..................... ..ere Barman
t...

Jolcph Fusco

kin. Scnior Err/lore

 
 

 

Editorial Pogo-:Edltor
Jerry c

   

Contributing Editors Joseph Fuoco. Wayne Pcoreboom. Judy Tomi
Editorial MoletnnhrKon Dornbcum. Botto Dumbo. Cllhy Errlg. Eric Hindln. ~
Ilene Welnltcln, David Worlhoim Sll" vrrilm: Berber- Abrlhunor. Donn-
‘ltlmln. Roehll are tiow, Leslie chcit. Johanna Clancy. D noon Clark. Jacqqu
Clark. ion Clements, chario- Coon. Blth Finnoun. Bob Hlnlon. Lin Jockoi,
Maddl Kun. Donna MIoKonxll. Joli Moll-bar. J. Michael Melee. Christine Roi-
lelt, Porn Schuclcrmm. ﬁlch Sheridan. Michael snotnlelt. Spectrum Editor: ,
Eirendl some ten Artist: Dory Point-r _) _. 1‘ 

      

um clngtu."ourlmu‘M-‘hagu 
Lynn Motto. Aomlcto'surlnru Mania"
Moore ltctlctt, Advonillng'uoncgor
Milo Kramer. Solos Mot-tract

Inns. n n.

 

 

 

 

lllllrut -
run" ‘ i . r . . , . 2... . .. ;.  n .9"...

N 'ilod"  '  i . h... an“, _
“spirit-ing  Koren Amelor. out» Finisher. Mm iiobcrrncn. Rich un.
Judy Tarot. Merlin! hodqu Lla- Dlihlcr. Denice Currenc. Tore-e

"I
Gloeolone. Ellccn ltolbuult. Alice McDonnotl. Jacki Mldlmky. Amy Pmmy.
'Mke Schillro, cum sure Kathy Ghio'tntor. Llnou Delgado. Marjorie Roun-
mu‘. Stephanie ochonrul ' -' _ ,
Mom 3. Into. Patricio ammo, Production Managers
1 Chris Colorado. A late Production Moi-taper
' ' “ .Lcnccy Hcyrrtln

I

 

Ohlcitypnct
Yypintl: Debora A _ out), an: v Ind. Currie Butte.
Pun Slumber, Poem»: E. Phillip Hoover. Judy Lawrence. Maura Moan-no.
"Ion Home. D. Orr-lain, M.D.Tho apron. circuitous: w-rrcn Nurwttz.
Rlch-rd Sheridan ' '

 

Photography mommy supplied try Untvmlty Pholotlmlcc. o student
group.

Chlol Photographer: Eric- Spinner UPI on": Shut Albert, Amy Cohen. Marla
Culllncn. John curry. Lynn Drciluc. Cindy GIIwoy. Adorn Gin-berg, Robert
Han-menu. David true. Kenny Klrlch. Robert Luckly. Em Mntiror, Marti
'icdi-vllto. Chrlu Orslni. Llu Simmons. Robert Souay. David Blrlolr, Nowerd

Entire contents copyright ms Albany Iiudenl Pru- Corporliion. Iii rlghll
rucrvod. '
The Albany Student Prou il published Tuesdays and Frldlyr ltctwun
Annual and June by the Albany Eludonl Pml Corporation. In Independent
notrior-oroill corporation. ,
Editorials are writ’rn by tho Editor in Chici with men": n of tho Editorial
Balm; pulley II cubical to review by the Editorial board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily reﬂect editorial policy.
. Malling cadre-I:
Albany tiludcnt Pro". ca 320
' "00 Wuhlngion Ave.
Albwy. NV in”
(GI!) 457~u92l3322lm9

 

 

 

 

«4, .

PUBLIC SAFETY 457-7770

ALBANY POLICE 463-4141

NY STATE POLICE 783-3211
Unfortunately, there have been false rumors circulated
about finding Karen. We beg that you do not repeat
anything you hear to this effect, even to your closest
friends, and that you ask the person that tells you these
things to put an end to it. You are also invited to report
this person to the police. The proper authorities are the
only 'ones who should be circulating information. These
types of rumors not only serve no good purpuse but could

do more harm than you could ever imagine.
Thanks again to all those who have cooperated and

have given of themselves.

——Frlr.-nds of Karen Wilson

No to  funds

To the Editor:
Every student at this university who has paid his or her

.student activities fee(virtually all of us), has been forced

to contribute to NYPlRG, the New York Public interest
Research Group. l have no objection to NYPIRG in
itself, but i do object strongly to its funding methods.
The ﬁrst "PlRGs" were brought into existence by
Ralph Nader in the early seventies. Their aim was to
champion the rights of the common man against institu-
tional injustice. Unfortunately the PlRGs immediately
began perpetuating some injustices of their,own. in his

'book Action For a Channgader's manual for operating

a PlRG), he makes it, plain that the PiROs cannot survive
on voluntary contributions but must resort to one of a
variety of different schemesfor their funding. The most
reliable of these he writes, is the mandatory fee system in
which “...the university offers its students two choices:
pay or leave. Nothing lies between." The injustice in-
herent in such a system should be immediately apparent
to any of us, just as it was apparent to Mr. Nader who
continued to write “...(that) although the mandatory fees
guarantees funding, it is shamelessly coercive."

Make no mistake. The PlRGs engage in more than just

research. They have frequently taken sides in political .

issues and have at times even enclosed candidates. And yet
each of us is required to donate six dollars a year to this

organization, regardless of our own personal viewpoints;

or we will not'be. allowed to attend the university.. Fora
tunately we shall soon have the opportunity to do
something about this injustice. This April a referendum
on the mandatory fee will be held on this campus. if
enough of us turn out to vote. our university can join the
growing number of universities across the nation to
answer the question ofcompulsory funding of political
organizations with a loud and resounding no! .
—-Mlchael Goetz

Support for NYPIRG

To the Editor: . '

American students are'under attack. The culprit is the
‘federalfgovernment and the issue is federal ﬁnancial aid.
The question is a very" straightforward one, what is our
nation going to spend its money on? Does’the United
States government want to_ place priority on education
and human services, or on beeﬁng up our bloated nuclear
arsenal in particular, and the military in general? Do we
want to invest in the enhancement and improvement of
our society, or inthe possible annihilation of it?

A number of student groups on this campus are very
concerned with this situation and are working hard to
make sure that student rights are maintained and. that.
federal funding for higher education is maintained at at
least its present level. NYPIRG 'is one such group.

in order to continue the work that it has done on behalf
of students as citizens. NYPlRG needs continued student
support. The area of federal ﬁnancial aid is just one issue
in which NYPIRG is working to provide students with a
powerful force by which they can effectively influence the
political dlclsions made every day which affect their lives.
NYPiRG works for students. and deserves their support.

—-Joseph Hilbert

Personal vendetta

To the Editor:

i would like to respond to the uninformed personal
vendetta against abortion that Sharon Long has embark~
ed upon. I was thoroughly disgusted to see yet another ar-
ticle by long on the subject of abortion. and 'l was
dismayed by her facile psychoanalysis and narrow
minded view of the topic.

First. her point that her friend has had diffltulty dLJl'
ing with her abortion is two-sided; how would the woman
have dealt with raising an unwanted child alone? How
would she have dealt with the personal trauma of know
ing that she would never again see the child she had given
away for adoption? There is no simple. easy way to deal
with an unwanted pregnancy.

i am also shocked by Long's opinion that having an

 

abortion denies the opportunity to “perpetuate herself
and to pass on her legacy." l have rarely heard of such a
selﬁsh reason to bring a child into this world. Long's
tendency to equate abortion with not being able to feel
good about herself indicates a lack of self-resptct on her
part. The additional statement that a woman “is denying
the validity of herself as an individual" indicates that
Long thinks that a woman has no other function than
that of baby-making machine. i personally have more to
offer. and my value as a human being and as an in-
dividual does not revolve mound my ability to bear
children. '

Finally. her implication that an abortion clinic will
sway frightened. undecided women, is totally missing the
point. For women who are poor and desire an abortion,
Planned Parenthood is often the logical choice. As it is,
there is lil- other Planned Parenthood Abortion Clinit in
Albany, and women must go to Schenectady. Does Long
believe that we should make it as difficult and traumatic
as possible for women to have an abortion just because
she believes it is wrong? Abortion is legal, and denying
Planned Parenthood is merely another attempt to block
women from utilizing this set tice.

Long's article stereotypes women seeking abortion as
uninformed and easily manipulated. and men as having
“casual atliludels)." Abortion is never an easy choice,
but to equate it with being “sexually exploited" and “vic-
timized” merely helps to enforce the stereotype of women
as sex objects with no other ianiii} except as a .reato: of
children.

—Kuthryn M. Nudlng

Bis ticket blues

in the Editor

Upon my arrival last semester as a transfer student at
SUNYA, l was pleased to ﬁnd i was able to purchase a
bus ticket for $l0 which would allow me to ride the buses
as often as l wished. However, it has recently come to my
attention that those students living in Alumni Quad
receive their bus passes for free. is it fair that those of us
who pay monthly rental and utility fees must pay for a
necessity freely given to fellow students? Does my living
off campus mean i am not privy 'to the same rights as
those who live on campus? i think not. it was recently
pointed out 'in‘ [his letters' section that off-campus
students are an integral part of this University. The argu-
ment that we choose to live off campus is irrelevant; if we
chose to live on, there would be a massive overcrowding
in the dorms.

Everyone should pay, or no one should pay. The bus
service is essential to all students. it has problems. Those
of us who live from North Main to Brevator ﬁnd it vir-
tually impossible to get on buses at peak hours in the mor-
ning. With the enforcement of the grouper law in the near
future. this problem will be magniﬁed many times.
Perhaps a special bus, similar to the Wellington, should

' run from the circle, to North Main, and back uptown at

peak hours in the morning.

We've all Witnessed the absurdity of 2 buses running
together; one is packed the other has only a handful of
people on it. By the time the next bus comes, to minutes
later. it too is packed. Perhaps their schedules c0uld be
,staggered'l

i would also like to take this time to comment on
another issue. There has been a rash of letters recently
concerning the showing of pornographic movies on this
campus. Without arguing rights, i would like to say i sup.
port the banning of porn movies on campus. l have seen
porn movies, and l unashamedly'admit, l have enjoyed
them. i do not question anyone’s right to see porn
movies. HoweverI the numerous letters written by womer
on this campus have convinced me of the deepfelt and
honest concern. i feel that the showing of the films is
making many women uncomfortable, and yes. afraid.
This should be reason enough to ban these movies. We
not only strive to make our campus safe, we hope those
here feel safe. '_ , , ‘

SA should get its act together. Why does the Don‘ .
Walk Alone Escort Service only operate uptown until
l2:00am'l l have a feeling it would be more than welcome
if it opened operations downtown. it is time SA began
dealing with the real concerns facing students at this
University, namely; the lousy bus service and the safety
and protection of our students. uptown and downtown.

Written by a candidate for off-campus rcp to Central
Council and University Senate.

—Marcit C. Cinch
*

We could really use some '
COLUMNS! Columns should be
typed, if possible, with a length of
about 800 to 1000 words. Send them
to CC 329 with your name and phone
number on it. ‘

 

 

 

 

