ONLY THE MUSIC

TELLS ME WHERE TO GO.

I’M A PIOEER A

“When l hit the road, I’m gone.
It’s like l get this feeling nothing can
stop me. it’s just me, my machine,
and my music to the max.

“Sometimes l’m gone for just a
couple of hours. Sometimes it’s for
days. But whenever, or wherever, it’s

7

D I’M PROUD OF IT. I

a feeling that’s all mine. Alonei’

THE PIONEER” CDX-Pl CAR
COMPACT DlSC PLAYER. Stomp I f“.
on it. Kick it.’l‘est it. Under any / " ' \-
circumstances, it always comes 5 >-
up with beautiful music. a ‘ '

01935 l'lllllu‘l ﬂutmutu (USMIM.
For your nth drain ulltliwl “7-4700

C TCH THE SPIRIT OFATRUE PIONEER.

MULTIPLE CHOICE

are e . . , -. ,
Kappa Alpha crash: A crackdown on frale 1in parties (Ira! mix drinking and driving

‘

The Price: Brain Damage and $21 Million

Kappa Alpha‘s "Old South“ weekend
at the University of Texas is usually a
high~spirited celebration of the fraternity‘s
founding. But four years ago, the bibulous
party ended almost before it began, when a
pickup truck full of celebrants smashed into
an apartment-building wall in Austin. One
of the riders, honor student Rusty Combes.
awoke from a long coma with brain damage
and partial paralysis, which has not been
conquered despite years of rehabilitation.

In September the Kappa Alphas accepted
partial responsibility for the crash in a $2l
million settlement that is believed to be the
largest ever to result from a fraternity
accident.

t-of—court settlement divided re-
sponsibility for Combes‘s injuries among
the fraternity, the driver and another frater-
nity member who had been on the ﬂoor of
the cab, jerking the accelerator up and
down. “I felt that I wasn‘t really suing my

A College ‘Star Search’ in Hollywood

The curtain rose late, the show's
title was garbled and the lights and
sound were a triﬂe temperamental.
Still, the “American College Talent
Showcase“ successfully got its song-
and-dance show on the road this
year. Started four years ago at New
Mexico State as a kind of collegiate
version of “Star Search,“ ACTS
made its lotus-land appearance in
Septemberat the University ofSouth-
crn California. More than 400 ' ig-
ers, dancers, comics and musicians
from across the nation had entered

com ctition,
and the 10 ﬁnal" ts perform
such celebrities as actor Ne
whowasajudgc,and"Entertainment
Tonight's" Mary Hart, a cohost.
Thet p talent, pop singer Kiki Eb-
ent graduate of the Califor-
nia Institute of the Arts. took home
$3,000 (there were two other prizes.
$2,000 and $1,000. with mate ng

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMI'US/NUVILMHI'LII l‘lllS

scholarship funds going to winners'
schools). But forjudgc Ken (“Leave It
to Beaver") Osmond, the prizes were
secondary “Encouragement would
 award," 11' " s. “A
Barbara Hubbard,the New Mexico
State director of special events who
founded ACTS, has g ned ﬁnancial
support from entertainers and corpo-
‘ ind the De irtmcnt of De»
as sent participants on tours of
military ba Hubbard thinks the
contestants d ervc the same kind of
exposure as college titlilet .: “If you
think of the millions of dollars we
spend on our student athletes today.
then why shouldn‘t a youngster who
has the talent in his heart to . g or
dance also be given a chance?“ Next
year, Hubbard vows. she‘ll take the
act on the road to Nashville.

Winner I wn will! judge "rally

1‘)

fraternity brothers," Combes says now in a
halting voice. "Rather, l was suing because
of the event.” The driver, who was unin-
sured, is responsible for $10,000 of the set-
tlement; the national fraternity is to pay 40
percent of the remainder, and the passenger
on the ﬂoor the rest. In fact, insurance
companies will pick up nearly all ofthe tab.
KA apparently chose to settle because a
court could have found the fraternity entire-
ly liable for Combes's injuries, even though
the truck ride was not an ofﬁcial activity.
Despite the national organization‘s argu-
ment that it had warned local chapters
about the dangers of alcohol, "our position
was that they simply hadn‘t done enough"
at the local level, says Mack Kidd,
Combes's lawyer. "The fraternity did not
do anything to provide drivers or safe trans-
portation for this event."
The case illustrates a national legal trend
m and the continuing crackdown on student

 5‘ drinking. “Courts are willing to go further

and further in ﬁnding the parties who can
pay the judgment," explains Jeffrey Har-
mon. a Cincinnati attorney and assistant
editorofthe newsletter Fraternal Law. Har-
mon cites another “deep pockets“ case at
Northeast Missouri State, where parents
recently won a $181,000 judgment for the
death of their son, which was blamed on
alcohol poisoning after a fraternity party.
The parents collected not only from the
local fraternity chapter, but also from the
national organization. Harmon, who rec-
ommends that student organizations get
strong insurance policies, warns, “It‘s a real
bad omen for things to come, as far as
fraternities are concerned."

 

