2 ALBANYSTUDENT'PRESS v D ‘ FRIDA Y, OCTOBER 11,1985“ ’ "

NEWS BRIEFS

 

 

 

 

The World

Hijackers released

 

Port Said, Egypt

(AP) President Hosni Mubarak said

Wednesday four hijackers who seized an
Italian cruise liner with more than 500 peo-
ple aboard were allowed to leave the coun-
try and are the responsibility of the PLO.

President Reagan Wednesday called on
Palestine Liberation Chief Yassar Arafat
to turn over the sea pirates to the United
States or Italy. But if Arafat “Believes that
their organization...can bring them to
justice and carry that out. all right,"
Reagan told reporters after he landed in
Chicago on a flight from Washington.

The PLO has not confirmed it has
V custody of the pirates. who are accused of
killing an American Jew during their two-
day seize of the Achille Lauro in the
Mediterranean Sea.

The former hostages were aboard the
blue and white cruiser. which steamed into
Port Said early this morning. nine hours
after the hijackers surrendered Wednes-
day. Up to 5” people, including an
estimated dozen Americans, were held
hostage.

Mubarak told rchrters in Cairo that
Egypt allowed the hijackers to leave
Wednesday night on the basis of a report
by the ship's captain that everybody
aboard was unharmed. Officials later
learned the armed pirates hasd killed Leon
Klinghoffer, a 69-year-old partially
paralyzed man from New York City.

Peru denounces IMF

Seoul, South Korea
(AP) Peru's prime minister Wednesday dc:
nounced the International Monetary Fund-
as a U.S.-dominated menace to his coun-
try's democracy, and said Peru will not use
the international lending agency to deal
with its creditors. 1

Speaking during the joint 40th annual
meeting of the IMF and the World Bank,
Luis Alva said, “Instead of providing
resources to the most affected countries,
the IMF has been concerned only to im-
pose policies of adjustment that were not
viable. as shown by their repeated
failures.”

“The only thing it did with such policies
was to deepen the recession and put the
democratic system into serious danger.”
said the Peruvian leader.

Soccer fans riot

Leicester, England
(AP) Soccer fans hurling gasoline bombs
and rocks fought street battles with 300
police officers after the Leicester team was
eliminated as a contender in tournament
play. '

PRE VIE W OF EVENTS

  

 

A spokesman at Leicester police head’-
quarters said the brawling spread over
several streets near the stadium where the
Wednesday night match with Derby Coun-
ty was played. Fans overturned and set ﬁre
togars, and smashing shop windows, he
sat .

The H tie knocked Leicester out of
contention in the Milk Cup. an annual soc-
cer club championship sponsored by the
Milk Marketing Board. '

The press ofﬁcer. who in accordance
with British practice declined. to be iden~
tified, reported: “A number of officers
were slightly injured and taken to Leicester
Royal Infirmary," the. city’s main
hospital. He said one shop was set on ﬁre
and two others were looted.

The Notionimfjﬁ

Afghan rebels aided

Washington. D. C. v

(AP) President Reagan. with only weeks
remaining until his summit meeting with
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. has per-
suaded Congress to secretly provide some
$250 million in additional covert military
aid to anti-Soviet rebels in Afghanistan.
Senate sources say.

' The money will be used to buy large
quantities of ammunition. small arms.
grenade launchers. and anti-helicopter air
defense weapons. one source said.

“It will enable them to replenish their
stocks." he said. “It’s a one-time
replenishment. There is nothing being in-
troduced that is brand new or especially

‘ lections. motorists are driving the Connec-

 

esoteric. it’s the kind of thing

available anywhere inathe'world." - ‘ 1" »‘ ’

Reagan is virtually certain- to raise the
issue of the prolonged Soviet occupation
of Afghanistan when he meets with Gor-
bachev in Geneva, Switzerland. on Nov.
19-20. And Gorbachev is considered likely
to complain of US. ﬁnancing of the
rebels. ’But it was unclear what impact the:
new package of US. aid would have on
the summit talks.

Tumplke tollsgend ".

Norwalk, Connecticut
(AP) After nearly three decades of toll col-

ticut Turnpike for free.

“We‘re as happy as we can be," said
Raymond Vallerie of Vailerie Transport in
Norwalk, which runs ISO trucks to Penn<
sylvania, Rhode Island. and Massachusetts
and will save nearly $100,000 a year in toll
charges. . -‘ " i

Tolls ended at 11 pm. Wednesday on.
the turnpike. one of the most heavily:
traveled roadsln the nation, with 90,0003
vehicles a day — up to 20.000 of them big
trucks. Every few miles or so, drivers had
to stop and dig into their pockets for
change —I— $1.50 for trucks and 35 cents for
cars.

Partly because of the eight toll-plazas,
the turnpike is ne of the most dangerous
stretches of Interstate 95. The plazas have
been blamed for a number of serious ac-
cidents. including a fiery crash in 1982
when a tractor-trailer slammed into a line
of cars at one toll station, killing seven
people. '

 

 

_.allowed the same child-3

 
 
   
 
   
  
 
     

despotic...

(AP) City Health Commiss on .

Sencer acknowledged under? questio" g
that the city school system had’an‘inconsisi-
tent policy-on AIDS because. It barred ‘
child with the disease ribm'presch ’

kindergarten‘aft‘era review I)

. Sencer testiﬁed Wednede " - tjhildrenr ' '
up to 4-years-old with AIDSare not‘allow- -
ed in- day-care centers with other children. “

but 5-year-olds' or kindergb‘rten children

with AIDS could be allowed - th-t .

   
  

their peers.

Divestment   ;  if f I

v   fork:

(AP) State Comptroller Edwardt'vR'egan.

says the state pension intnd'WinSi have to
sell $5.8 billion in stocksjandbonds ifit'
divests itself of all assets i ' companiés »
dealing with South Africa- .. j.‘ . - .
The Republican'comptrdller’ until now.
has estimated the f nd would;have tosell‘.
about $4 billion in assets. The estimate has
been raised to include corporate'bonds as

 

,well as stocks. said [Marvin Nation? a"

spokesman for Reagan. ; _ _ . .

In a speech Wednesday to' a conference
on South Africa, Regan repeated his op-
position to selling the assets. contending
the sale would lower the willie of the $26
billion state pension fund that serves
770.000 active and retired members. No
other staterhas a pension fund enlarge '

 

 

 

r

 

 

Students-voting In SA elections

Low voter turnout was “disappointing.” ' . I, I

 

FRIDA Y. OCTOBER “.1985 C] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

Election draws Iow turnout

 

‘ By _Jlm Thompson

Low' voter turnout marked this week's Student
Association (SA)_elections for Central Council. as
students went to the polls to vote for seats not ﬁlled
in last Spring’s balloting.

There were nine seats on the ballot. including
fouroff-campus representatives. and one for each
of theﬁve quads.

The winners for the off—campus positions were
Mike Miller. Michael Berni'an. Rob Pipia. and An-
drew.Kampel._

The elected students for the quads were: Alumni,
Melissa Bower; State. David Miller; Indian. Terry
Corallo; Colonial, Gino Visco; and Dutch. Mike

.Berman

Off Campus voters tallied 370 votes tolead the

, student turnout, while on campus voting was head'-

ed by Colonial. which turned in 237 ballots.

The remaining quads closed at Dutch with I36,
State with 121. Alumni with 70, and Indian with 66
votes cast at each polling place. .

Some of the winners commented on the lack ‘of
student involvement. David Miller said. “I was very
disappointed with the student turnout. The
‘students’ participation is greatly needed." As if to
illustrate the point. the State Quad seat was deter-
mined by only two votes.

'Elcctions for the Class Council of 1989 were in-

validated after one day of voting because one name .

was mistakenly left off the ballot and another was
badly misspelled. according to Steve Russo, Central
Council Internal Affairs Committee Chair.

When asked by Jackie Bernstein why the second
day of voting had to be cancelled, Russo replied.
“You can not invalidate half of an election."

A motion of a friendly amendment to the bill

rescheduling the election. stating that the Contact

Office will provide candidates of the Class Council

25 free posters if they bought posters originally

passed Central Council Wednesday night, i5—4-0.

Opposition was to the cost of supplying 25
posters to at most 35 candidates. SA President
Steve Gawley, said, “They didn't screw up. we
did.” it was Gawley’s idea to offer 25 free posters
to each candidate because. he said, “It
was out fault."

Another friendly amendment was introduced by
Phil Botwinik and Jackie Bernstein stating the elec-
tions be reheld on two days instead of one. Russo
said that the reason for not having another day is to
save money. “One day is $125 to pay the election
commissioner’s minimum wage." he said.

Jackie Bernstein stressed the need to show frosh
“We care." The amendment failed on a 10-10 vote
with three abstentions.

The 1989 Council Election will be reheld on
Thursday. October 17.

“I'm on cloud nine,”exclaimed 'i‘erry Corallo.
who won a Council seat from Indian Quad. She is
already a University Senator and Vice-President of
the Class of 1987. “I wanted to be a part of student
representation, and now my vote counts."

Rob Pipia. who is also President of University
Action for the Disabled (UAD) said that,“This is
the first time I ran for the Central Council." Pipia
hopes to promote rights for the disabled and also
work on the “grouper law." Pipia will represent
off-campus students in Council.

“I was running against two sophomores, I didn't
expect to win." said David Miller who is a ﬁrst year
student. “I like to know what's going on, that is
why I ran for Central Council." he said.

Michael Berman, who unsuccessfully ran for SA
Vice-President last April said. “I want to improve
the communications between students and the SA. I
want to—get to know the people I represent."
Information for this story was also provided by
Angelina Wang. a u a... Ci

  

 

  

free listings

Dr. Susan Kaplow will speak
on "Taking Charge of your
Career" at 7:30 pm. on Tues-
day. Oct. 15 in HU 354.

The Pro-Health Club will have
its second meeting on Tues-
day. Oct. 15 in Campus Center
Room 361 at 5:00.

Madrid Study Abroad Internet
Meeting will be held Tuesday.
Oct. 15 at 1:30 pm. In HU 354.
The Political Science Auocia-

 

Ilon and Pi Sigma Alpha will
hold their llrst Interest
Meeting Wednesday. Oct. 16
at 7:00 pm. in HU 133.
Baptist Campus Ministry will
hold Bible Study every Tues-
day 11:30 a.m.-12:30 pm. in
Campus Center 357.
A.H.A.U.S. ice Hockey
Reloroe'a Clinic will be held
Saturday, Oct. 19 at RPI
Fieldhouee. For more into call
272-4976.

Findley Cockrell will play
Bach. Sceliattl, Schubert.
Mussorgsky In PAC Recital
Hall Tuesday and Wednesday,

Oct.15 and 16 at 4:00 pm.
NYPIRG State Board Rep
nominations are being ac.
cepted Monday. Oct. 7 - Oct.
14. ll interested submit is
typed letter to the NYPIRG oi-
llco in CC 382.

End of the World will be held
Oct. 18-19 and 23-28 at 8:00
pm. at the PAC. .
Rock Concert and Block Party
and a Fllene's Fashion Show
will be held on Sunday. Oct. 20
at JB'e Theatre .
Harpsichordlet Kenneth
Cooper program will be held in
Page Hell on the Downtown

SUNYA Campus Friday. Oct.
18 at 8:00 pm.

Gay and Lesbian Alliance
meets every Tuesday at 8:30
pm. in CC 375. All are
welcome.

William Styron will speak
Tuesday. Oct. 15 at 8:00 pm.
in Page Hall on the Downtown
Campus.

Esther Ch-nowllz for women
in Judlasm will speak on Tues-
day Ocl. 15 at 7:30-9:00 pm. in
CC 373.

North Atlantic Karate Aeeocle~
lion Regional Karate Chem-
plonship will be held Satur-

day, Oct. 12 in the Albany High
School Gymnasium. ’

Disco in the RPI Commons
will be held Saturday. Oct. 12.
Buses leave OC circle at 10:00

P- - '

Bonnie B. Spanlor will be
speaking on Feminism and
Science Recent
Developments on Tuesday,
Oct. 15 at 4:00 pm. in H0 85-1.
Mullo Council in looking for
students interested in perfor-
ming In the noon concert
series in the Recital Hall. Con-
tact Bill Harrison in PAC Rm.

 

 

crimebusterpatrds.form far student, glr

B‘ Rene Babich .
E ieghborhood Watch, .part of ‘ the Off

Campus Association (OCA) held its ﬁrst .

meeting Tuesday night and took the ﬁrSt
steps to develop a community crimewatch

that will cover a four-block square in the:

"student ghetto."

The area to be patrolled is between
Quail Street and Partridge Street. andbet-
ween State Street’and Madison Avenue.

The meeting. led by officer Jerry Frank
of the Albany. Police Department's Crime
Prevention Unit, was initiated by SUNYA
student Victor Bushell and OCA chair
John Harrison. * -

Bushell, who originated the idea of a
crime watch. said. “I have initiated this
for two reasons. One because I have it in
my neighborhood at home. and two. the
program works-well enough that emit
comes out of your area." 1

Neighborhood Watch is designed to
make residents more aware of their suscep-
tibility to crime, and to teach them how to
prevent crimes from occurring in their
area. “The people who form
Nieghborhood Watches are the most im-
portant ingredient, not the police depart-
ment." said Frank.

Since the policedepartment does not
have the manpower to 'supply
neighborhoods with a regular beat ofﬁcer.-
Frank emphasized the necessity of citizens
taking all measures possible to protect
themselves.

According to Frank. it is essential that
the group have neighborhood residents as
well as students as members. Residents
provide a good sense of stability in a com-
munity where the tut nover rate of students
moving in an out is so high. he said.

To begin the program. Harrison said
that OCA will distribute stickers with the
phone numbers of the fire department.
police. and rape crisis hotlinc to Pine Hills
residents.

OCA will further its support by pro-
vldlng a hotline where people can call with
complaints or to report crimes in their
neighborhood. ‘

The hotllno will be staffed by the 15
directors of OCA's Board. Their job will
be to investigate complaints and tqu to of-
fending parties. '

The responsibilities of the captains
elected to the neighborhood watch are to
alert neighbors as crime patterns develop
in their neighborhood. V

Members of the community are respon-

‘sible for reprting crimes to the police and
to keep each other aware of what is going
on. ‘
Bushell emphasized that a way to ensure
the Success of the program is for people to
get to know their neighbors. This way
there can be a sense of unity. and lines of
communication will be open.

“Everybody wants to live in a communi-
ty. everybody wants to wave to the person
across the street. and that in itself deters
crime — people...caring about each

ether.” said Bushell.

Although the police department cannot
patrol areas at all times. Frank said that he
and his partner. officer John Hill. “will
give 100 percent support." to the group.

According to Frank. the police depart-
ment can make statistics of crimes. places.
and types of crime prevalent to particular
neighborhoods available. “The priority of
a‘ neighborhood watch is to educate the
people." he said.

The Albany Police Depatment’s Crime
Prevention Unit sponsors a free survey of
the homes of residents. They make an
anlaysis of the security of homes and also
will install pin~stoppers in windows and
engrave certain valuables with an iden-
tiﬁcation number that will go in a nation-
wide file that serves to identify a person‘s

 

we can change the opportunity," said
Frank. I

For apartment dwellers, Frank said. it is
important to change locks on doors when
moving into a new apartment. installing
peepholes, keeping valuables out of your:
home. and making sure to give an apart:
ment the. “lived in look.” by leving lights

 

sludents’ patronage
contest.

   

sponsoring a “Congratulations. You’re a UAS Winner"

ton while you aré out. “

The Neighborhood Watch community
should report suspicious persons and any
robberies, muggings. or rapes to the police
department immediately. said Frank.
Strange people going door to door and
people house-sitting for neighbors should
also be reported, he added. [Tl

TANIA S‘IEILE UPS
SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS: The next time on buy something lrom a vending
mlaehlne. don't be so quick to throw away I o wrapper —- you could be the UA
w nner.

University Auxiliary Services, in an ellort to show their appreciation Ior
e

belongings.

During the meeting. Frank
demonstrated various locks and said that
dead bolts were most effective in securing
doors. It is not enough to have these locks.
but to use them. he said. “The majority of
apartments don’t have outer locks and in~
ner doors are left open. Also, the majority
of entries are made thrugh unlocked win-

“Burglars are juvenile, amateur
burglars. The secret to their success is an
open door or window; they're looking for
opportunity“ Three characteristics of
criminals are desire, ability. and oppor-

 

ln order to win, according to Paul Arnold. UAS Director at Vending. Services.
one need elmpl purchase UAS packaged goods lrom vending mac
gold coupons w ich indicate that “you're a winner" are alllxed to the back of the
roduole.
p Winner. will be entitled to a number of discounts at other UAS services. accor-
dln to Arnold. For example. one gold coupon le ood for 81 oil a haircut at the
UA Barboreho or ten percent oil any break not special at the Kumquat
Caleterle. he or d.
The content will continue for the reel of the year. said Arnold, explaining that
the prison will chan e each mont .
A complete lint c all the discounts ollored is available In an Albany Student

d.
rdlng to Arnold. “The main reason lor Ihlo contest was to give something
back to the eludnnte In return lay their patronage."

“We’re proud at taking over the vending cervical." said Arnold. Since UAS has
taken over they have Improved the service. repair time, and accessibility oi the

ndln machines. he stated.
"Whig content will make otudente more aware oi 016 as well u to let them

know we're gretelul tor the business they have given us." he set . __ Menu. Km,“

dows," he added. Prague:

then. The

 

 

tunlty. We can't change the first two. but,

 

