flight home to visit your family you sit next to a young copywriter from a ﬂedgling

Y ou are a iunior executive for a local restaurant chain and business is down. On a

advertising agency. When the conversation shifts to business. your new
acquaintance asks if your firm has ever considered advertising as a means of drumming

up new business. and suggests a dynamic campaign that could very well reverse the for-
tunes of your restaurant chain. When you return to work the following week. you talk to

your boss about a campaign based on your in-flight discussion: your copywriting friend.

in turn, relates your encounter to his boss. Eventually a deal is struck that is beneficial to

both companies, and to the careers of both you and the copywriter. That‘s networking.

After two years on the job as an electronics engineer. you decide to move on.
Through contacts you‘ve made as a dues—paying member of a professional organiza-
tion—the Young Engineers Society. perhaps—you let the word out that you‘re looking

for a new job. After a few phone calls. a colleague at a competing electronics firm alerts

you to an opening with his company that might be right for you. That‘s networking.

You are a sales assistant for a major publishing house and you notice in a trade

Special Advertising Supplement

—who can help you perform beyond expec-
tations on your current job or to look discreetly
for a second one. it's knowing where to look
for advice and career pointers from people
who've been where you are and have long
since arrived where you want to be. It's
establishing a reputation for yourself (what
kind of reputation you carry is up to you). it's
seeing and being seen. talking and being
heard. asking and being told.

FACT: As reported in the last Installment of
The American Express Real Life Planner,
only 15 percent of all available jobs are ever
listed in the classified sections of your local
newspaper. Nearly 85 percent of all open-
ings, therefore. are filled behind the

working helps you to learn about your field a
lot quicker because you actually meet the
movers and shakers in your area. The more
contacts you generate with people who are
successful. and the people who are known.
then the better off you are.

“You get to be a part of the profession in-
stead ofjust someone who happens to pick up
a paycheck. It helps you to learn the lingo. to
learn what‘s expected of you. Just by being
around people who are successful helps you
learn about available resources that you other-
wise wouldn't have heard of."

All of this. you'll notice. is nothing really
new. "Networking has been around for a long
time," agrees Stanley. “Now. some people

Special Advertising Supplement

publication an article outlining an exciting new way to market a new product line to
bookstores. You place a call to the author of the trade publication article—a sales exv
ecutive at another publishing house—and you tell him you're fascinated by his in-
novative approach and would love to learn more about it. He‘s flattered by your interest
and more than happy to offer additional insight. When your company introduces a

scenes, by word of mouth. Networking is
your key behind the scenes. It‘s more than
likely you’ll move on to your second job
through contacts made on your first. “In-

have commercialized it by writing about it and
doing seminars and all. but many of the pro«
fessions have had networking for ages—doc-
tors. dentists. attorneys. accountants."

 

 

 

 

similar product line a few months later. you suggest a marketing strategy based on your

inside knowledge of your competitor‘s methods. That's networking.

wr-iAI' Is
NETWORKING?

etworking is just another name
for making friends." according
~ to author George Mazzei.
whose book. Moving Up: Digging In, Taking
Charge. Playing the Power Game and Learn-
ing to Like It. is widely regarded as a valuable
guide to a climb up the corporate ladder.
"Networking is contacts building con-
tacts." observes Yippie-turned-Yuppie Jerry
Rubin. whose first Networking Salons helped.
in theory and practice. to pioneer the term.
“Networking is the chance event that will
transform your life." he says. “It helps you
create your own accidents."

“Networking is getting yourself known
and getting to know people who are suc-
cessful in your field.” notes Karen Dowd.
director of placement at the University of
Virginia's Darden Graduate School of Bus-
iness. “It’s exchanging information. exchang-
ing contacts. exchanging resources."

“Networking is a miserable term." ad-
mits Thomas Stanley, professor of marketing
at Georgia State University. "because it
doesn‘t really define what it is. It's really in-
fluence peddling to a large extent."

Simply put, networking is a fancy term for
the aggressive. outgoing and entrepreneurial
spirit that‘s spreading through today's
business world like something of an epidemic.
It's getting out from behind your desk and
meeting people—from inside your profession
and out. from inside your company and out

formation from third parties and en-
dorsements from third parties are in many
cases more important than actual per-
formance." notes Georgia State Univer-
sity’s Stanley.

Of course. it’s important that you put net-
working and the principles behind it in
perspective. Networking won‘t offer easy
answers as you embark on your career path.
nor will it serve as any sort of substitute for not
doing yourjob well. What it will do is help keep
your professional eyes and ears open to new
possibilities, while keeping the senses of your
colleagues tuned in to your performance.

"You have to know what‘s going on in
your field. and networking is a great way to do
that." claims Mazzei. "It tells you who you are.
what you're worth. where you should be.
whether you're falling behind. Networking tells
you when it's time to go for more money. and
if you can't get it from your own company
you‘ll find out where you can get it."

In an age when sophisticated travel and
telecommunications technologies have made
the world we live in seem smaller than ever
before. everyone for the first time is accessi-
ble to everyone else. It has been speculated
that any two people in this country can be con-
nected to each other by a series of no more
than six contacts. An accountant in Phoenix
and a nightclub owner in Ft. Lauderdale, for
example. might each have a friend who at-
tended the University of Kentucky at the same
time. Their friends, perhaps. had a mutual ac-
quaintance at Kentucky and that person
stands as the link between the accountant and
the nightclub owner. a network made up of on-
ly three contacts.

The time has indeed come to expand the
old dictum. “It's not what you know. but who
you know that counts," in favor of a more
modern version: today's yardstick Is what you
know and who you know—and who will return
your phone calls.

“You won‘t float to the top on merit
alone." claims Mazzei. "What it boils down to
is people. and networking enables you to get
the chemistry going."

As Karen Dowd also points out, "Net-

 

The old boys' networks of our parents’
generation have given way to a new breed of

aggressive and hungry young professionals.
determined to call upon all viable resources to
help assure success. "When I first started my
networking salons a few years ago. i tried to
think of what to call them." remembers Flubin.
"I thought to myself, ‘All I'm doing is introduc-
ing my network of friends and contacts to the
other people's friends and contacts. That's
networking. that's all it is.‘ "

“Networking diminishes your reliance on
luck." claims Mazzei. "A lot of people do luck
out. there's no doubt about it. But if you know

a lot more people. you know of a lot of oppor- ‘ ‘

tunlties. You know of a lot more right-places-
at-theright-times. and that diminishes the luck
aspect and puts it onto your ability to go after
it and get it."

"Networking is putting yourself in the
right place at the right time." echoes Rubin.
and that about says it all. Read on to ensure
that when the right times come along in your
career, the right places will be right under
your feet.

 

NETWQRK

here are as many different ways to net-
Twork as there are college students who

graduate. and it's up to you to deter-
mine the approach that’s right for you. if you're
the open and aggressive sort. your methods
will probably reflect your personality. You'll be
outgoing and initiate contacts faster than you
can say. "Hello. my name is. .  if you tend
toward the shy and reserved type. you'll ob-
viously be more passive in your efforts and
leave the initiation of contacts to some—
one else.

"The social skills in networking are im-
portant." says the University of Virginia's
Dowd. “and they're the same social skills you
would use to make a friend."

“in order to be a successful networker."
advises Jerry Fiubin. “you'll have to show non-
stop assertiveness in a classy and charming
way." Non-stop assertiveness in a classy and
charming way? “I know it sounds like a
strange combination," admits Rubin. "but you
have to be persistent without appearing
pushy. You might turn some people off if
you're too aggressive."

This sounds great. but where do you
start? Well. the easiest networking tool is right
at your fingertips: "The telephone is a wonder-
ful instrument for networking." says George
Mazzei. “You can talk to people in Alaska,
California. Michigan, Seattle. anywhere. and
find out what's going on. And sometimes peo
ple in Seattle will know about a job opportunity
in your own town that you may not have
known about, just because you don‘t have
time to sift through job opportunities when
you're working."

Okay. now put the phone down and try
your luck at the art of one-to-one networking.
"There's nothing wrong with someone just
starting to network, saying. ‘l'm new at this
and i want to learn more.‘ " suggests Dowd.
“You can start with someone a level up from
you at work—and at that point you don't have
much to trade, that's true. except a willingness
to learn. which can always excite people. It
helps the other person to feel that he can
teach somebody. People love l0 talk about

 

