‘  mam sruoisis‘rr~ PRESS ti trims Y.- SEPTEMBER ’20,‘ 1985

NEWS BRIEFS

The World  
Reagan talks ars

Geneva, Switzerland
(AP) At a White House news conference
Tuesday, Reagan told reporters he does
not regard his plans to test space-based
missile defenses, popularly known as
“Star Wars,” as a “bargaining chip" to be
played at the Geneva talks.

The Kremlin has charged that the U.S.
space weapons plan, officially known as
the Strategic Defense Initiative, violates
existing treaties and will end any chance of
agreement in the two other fields open to
negotiation. medium- and long-range
nuclear arms.

In an interview with Times magazine
published earlier this month, Gorbachev
said “the Geneva negotiations will lose all
sense" if the Reagan administration sticks
to its commitment to develop space-based
arms.

During the two month interlude in the
negotiations, the Soviets hinted of a will-
ingness to reduce nuclear arsenals and the
United States insisted that any proposals
be made at the bargaining table, and not
merely floated in the media.

Bolivia decrees siege

La Paz, Bolivia
(AP) The Bolivian government decreed a
state of siege Thursday and arrested top
labor leaders after talks failed to end a
16-day old general strike over the nations'
huge inflation rate. After meeting through
the night to negotiate an end to the dispute
over how to attack a 14.000 percent inﬂa-
tion rate, union leaders balked at the
government's proposals to end the strike.
Reporters saw police and army troops in
La Paz's main square. a union radio sta-
tion and six union halls where hundreds of
people had been staging a hunger fast in
support of the strike. There was no sign of
anyone still fasting inside.

WW.
Mexico feels tremor

Washington, DC.
(AP) A major earthquake occurred Thurs-
day in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of
Mexico and early reports said it was felt as
far away as southern Texas. the U.S.
Geological Survey said.

Preliminary seismograph readings said
the earthquake had a magnitude of 7.8 on
the Richter scale and was centered about
250 miles southwest of Mexico City, the
survey said.

Waverly Person, chief of the USGS Na-

 

 

tional Earthquake Information Service in
Golden, Colo.. said the earthquake occur-
red at 7:18 am. Mexico City standard

_time. or 9:18 am. EDT.

The Richter scale is a measure of ground
motion as recorded on seismographs.

Tax hikes approved

Washington, DC.
(AP) Less than a year after President
Reagan was re-elected on a no-tax-increase
platform. the Republican~controiled
Senate Finance Committee is taking steps
to raise taxes -—- with Democratic support.
The committee approved three tax in-
creases Wednesday and hoped to complete
action today on a fourth — boosting the
federal tax on cigarettes.
While the votes would not result in a
general tax increase. they would require
that millions of people who fit into various

 

 

 

groups -— smokers. travelers, recent
graduates or state and local government
employees — pay more money' to the
federal treasury.

Most Republicans on the committee
have agreed publicly with Reagan that
taxes should not be raised to reduée the
government deficit. But all voted for one
or more of the tax increases — as did most
Democrats — for the purpose of reducing
the deficit. ’

The Store  

Surplus food spoils

Lockport
(AP) The head of Niagara County’s
surplus food program for-needy families
has been suspended pending an investiga-
tion of why 3% tons of federal surplu

:s I . '

 

 

KIRSCH UPS

Thursday's Group Fair Day attracted hundreds of people as SA recognized and fund-

ed groups sought to attract new members.

cheese was allowed to spoil, authorities
said.

Late Wednesday afternoon, Social Ser- -

vices Commissioner Louis B. Sconafava
announced the
Penale from his 522,500-a-year job as
coordinator of the Social Services Work
Experience Program. K

Ofﬁcials said the cheese was among
several commodities left over after a
surplus food distribution to the needy last
May.

The 301 cases of cheese were stored in an
unrefrigerated building at an old youth
camp in the Town of Lockport, along with
honey, dry milk. ﬁou‘r‘and corn meal.
When plans were made for the distribution
of more surplus food, the cheese was
found to be spoiled, though the other com-
modities had not perished, ofﬁcials said.

Ferraro weighs race

New York
(AP) Geraldine Ferraro and Brooklyn
District Attorney Elizabeth l-Ioltzman
have acknowledged for the first time the
possibility they will face each other next
year in a Democratic primary for the US.
Senate, according to a published report.

The two discussed their potential op-
position at a meeting Wednesday, which
Ms. Ferraro said took place at a private
luncheon at the Harvard Club, the New
York Times reported Thursday. Ms. Fer-
raro said shewould make a decision on her
candidacy in November. >

Miss Holtzman plans to‘make her ﬁrst
overt more toward a senate candidacy in
the next few weeks with a $250,000 televi-
sion advertising campaign promoting her
candidacy for re-election as district at-
torney, the Times said.

The meeting came a day after Gov.
Mario Cuomo expressed doubts that “Ms.
Ferraro would challenge Republican Sen.
Alfonse D’Amato because she was not
commissioning polls or seeking funds.

Teachers’ salary up

New York
(AP) Under a new contract, New York Ci-
ty'school teachers’ starting salaries will go
up from $14,500 to $20,000 — a 38 percent
hike that the Board of Education hopes
will attract more and better teachers.

The average increase in salaries and
benefits for the 75,000 school employees
covered by the new three-year pact
amounts to 20 percent. The new contract
ends a two-year labor dispute between the
Board of Education and the United
Federation of Teachers.

Deputy School Chancellor Charles
Schonhaut, at a City Hall news conference
on Wednesday, said he was relieved that
teachers were finally getting the raises they
deserved and added that he expects the
new contract to ease the current teacher

 

shortage.

 

suspension of ‘Daniel ‘

,4. “2-.-”; .... .. ,. .

 

The "new" Colonial Quad cafeteria.

”"'Co-——‘ “"‘ "

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1983 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

CHRRV UPS

New cafeteria puts Colonial in the pink

By Mark Kobrlnsky

Purple and pink were the new colors
welcoming back Colonial Quad residents
following the remodeling of the quad’s
cafeteria. Reconstruction began after all
students moved out of the dorms in May,
and was completed about a week before
the University officially reopened for the
fall semester. ~

According to Norbert Zahm, General
Manager of University Auxilary Services
(UAS), “The remodeling cost approx-
imater $135,000. UAS financed this pro-
ject using money from our ‘Funds for
Depreciation ‘ account. ',’

Many refinements ,madc concerned
cosmetic appearances. but the cafeteria
also acquired a new dishwashing machine,
beverage counter, ice cream bar, and a
refrigerated salad island. The conveyor
belt that was used for refuse has been
replaced with a ‘seconds' line and deli
counter in addition. ‘

The colors alternate between purple and
pink throughout the dining hall. with the
carpet. vertical blinds, chairs, and wall-
hangings incorporated into the new design,
Zahm said.

Students. he explained, were involved in
the remodeling. “Samples of tiles.

carpeting. and paints were brought in for
selection by the food committee, and Col-
onial’s Quad Board,” said Zahm, adding
“We feel that we made a good effort to get
the student's opinions before

. remodeling. ’ ‘

Major renovations occur every ten to
ﬁfteen years. UAS remodels according to
the need, and age of each dining hall.
Zahm added. Alumni Qund’s dining halls
were redone last summer, and Dutch Quad
was the ﬁrst uptown cafeteria remodeled
in recent years. Colonial, being the second
oldest quad next to Dutch, was the next
target of renovation, he explained.

In the last ﬁve years, UAS has remodel-
ed the communter cafeteria in the Campus

Center, the Patroon Room, and the KumL'
quat Cafeteria downtown, Zahm Said-

“The renovations are uniform as far as the
complete remodeling of the premises.
However, we try to keep the individuality
of each dining hall.” He added, “UAS is
hoping to’ remodel the Rathskellar, and the
remaining dining halls in the near future."

Many Colonial residents said they were

unaware of the plans to remodel, and reac-"

tions were mixed. Andrea Hanan, a
junior, said “UAS did a good job
remodeling. I was really surprised. It was a
good idea to incorporate the school’s col—
ors.” She added. “However, I feel the

soda counter should have been moved
somewhere else. It seems to cause longer
dinner lines."

According to Daniel Rhodis, a junior,
“The dining hall has a friendlier at-
mosphere, because it is clean and new."
Lisa Maisel. a sophomore, added, “The
atmosphere is better for eating. I'm glad
Colonial was redone —- it really needed
it."

Additional work still underway includes
a relocation and beautiﬁcation program
for major banks of vending machines on
campus, according to UAS Director of
Vending Services Paul Arnold.

Banks of machines in the four uptown
quads have been moved to the basements
of the quad towers. Arnold said. No major

‘ banks exist on Alumni Quad, he added.

Machine banks in the Campus Center,
the Lecture Centers, and the Buisiness Ad-
ministration and Earth Science buildings
are not being moved, Arnold said, but all
the banks are being redesigned.

The changes will include a more secure
facility at each bank incorporating security
features and ceilings which will not allow
trash to be tossed behind the banks. Ar-
nold said. In addition, the changes will hr-
ing the facilities up to ﬁre code standards.

“The main thing is to ﬁnish dressing the
areas," he added. C]

. Monday’s rally

to concentrate
on South Africa

By Ilene Weinsteln
ASSOCIATE NE W5 EDITOR

A divestment coalition comprised of a
wide variety of campus groups will
demonstrate in front of the campus
center on Monday, September 23 as part
of SUNYA's South African Awareness
Day.

The demonstration will be geared
toward educating “our students so that
we can see the true connection between
that (South African) government and_
our government,” said Francisco
Duarte, Minority Affairs Coordinator
for Student Association (SA), and
organizer of the coalition.

Approximately 150 people are ex-
pected from other campuses across the
state, Duarte added, in addition to
SUNYA students. -

The Student Association of the State
University (SASU) will rally outside
SUNY Central Tuesday morning at 8:00
a.m., while the Board of Trustees is ex-
pected to vote on pulling SUNY funds
from companies which do business in
South Africa. _

Monday’s demonstration will en-
courage students to participate in the
SASU rally, said Duarte. “It’s hard to
get people out at 8:00 a.m.,” he added.

Groups involved in the divestment
coalition include SA. New York Public
Interest Research Group (NYPIRG),
Albany State University Black Alliance
(ASUBA), Jewish Students Coalition
(JSC), Chapel House. Peace Project,
the Greater Albany Jewish Federation,
and the Albany Coalition Against Apar-
theid and Racism.

The divestment coalition will hold a
press conference at 12:00 p.m. on Mon-
day to kick off South African
Awareness Day. and educational ﬁlms
will be shown in the Rathskellar
throughout the day.

The rally outside the Campus Center
will begin at 6:00 p.m. and will feature
guest speakers from the state legislature,
the African National Congress, and the
South Western African People’s
Organization (SWAPO).

Also scheduled is an all-women folk-
band followed by an all night
candlelight vigil. Buses will be proviggd

 

 

CDSA to coordinate area colleges’ programming

By Pam Schusterman
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

The recent creation of the Capital District Student
Association (CDSA) has unified the efforts of local col~
leges in programming and students’ rights issues for the

first time.

“The underlying basis for this organization is informa-
tion exchange." said Steve Gawley, President of CDSA

“We have an arrangement we just used where schools
will be involved in pestering. For the ﬁrst time in history
one campus has advertised on six others about a rally,”

said Gawley.

attending.

SUNYA sent CDSA schools 100 posters on the anti-
apartheid rally to be held Monday in front of the Campus
Center, Gawley explained, adding that they will also be

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

free listings

Pep Rally will be held on Fri-
day. September 20, at 7:00
p.m. iiy the small fountain.
University Cinemas presents
the Karate Kid on Friday and
Saturday, September 20 and
21 at 7:30 and 10:00 p.m. In
L018. Rear Window will be
shown at the same time In
LC7.

Photo Service Is holding an In-
terest meeting on Sunday.
September 22 at 7:30 p.m. In
00305.

Chinese Student Association
Is sponsoring a welcome back
party on Saturday. September
21 from 9:00 p.m. to 2:00 am.
In the Brubacher Ballroom.

 

Bus Trip to New York City is
being sponsored by the Italian
American Student Associa-
tion. The bus leaves Saturday,
September 21 at 10:00 am.
from the circle. It will leave
New York City at midnight.

The SUNYA Selds Karate Club
will hold Its first meeting on
Sunday. September 22. at 6:00
p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the gym.

The Albany State Fu Jou Pal
Kung Fu meets every Tuesday
and Thursday from 7:00 p.m.
to 9:00 p.m. In the Brubacher
Ballroom.

Tao Kwon Do demonstration
and Interest meeting will be
held Friday, September 20 at

7:00 p.m. In the State Quad
Flagroom.

Fuorza Latina will host three
speakers in “The Participation
of Youth In Politics" on Satur-
day, September 21 from 2:30
p.m.. to 5:00 p.m. In the Cam-
pus Center Assembly Hall.
University Choral meets
Tuesdays and Thursdays from
4:15 to 5:35 p.m. In Ftoom 78 of
the Performing Arts Center.
For more Information call
David Janower at 442-4167.

Troy Savings Bank Music Hall
has student half price tickets
available for Sonny Rollins on
Friday. September 20. Tickets
go on sale from 5:00 to 7:30
p.m. The concert is at 8:00
p.m. Call 273-0038 for more
information.

Brown Bag Lunch featuring
Judith Avner, Assistant Direc-
tor of the New York State Divi-
sion for Women speaking on
"The Role of the Division" will
be held on Thursday.
September 26 from 12:00 to
1:00 p.m. in room 250, second
floor of the Capitol.

Phi Alpha Theta, the history
honor society is accepting ap-
plications until Friday,
September 27. Forms are
available In $8341.

Heritage Artists of the Cohoes
Music Hall will hold auditions
for actors/singers on Satur-
day, September 21 from 10:00
am. to 5:00 p.m. at the Hall on
Flemson Street, Cohoes.
Faculty Showcase Concert
presents William Jones on
Piano. The performance will

be held on Sunday, September
22 at 2:30 p.m. In the Perform-
lng Arts Center Recital Hall.
Seats are $5 tor the general
public. $3 for students and
senior citizens.

Pl Lambda Phi Is sponsoring a
Happy Hour on Friday.
September 20. from 7:00 to
9:00 p.m. in the Anthony
Lower Lounge on State Quad.
Admission Is $1.

Tau Epsilon Phi Is sponsoring
a party Friday, September 27
at 9:00 p.m. at the Thruway
House. Admission is $3.
Alpha Sigma Pi Is having a
"Back To The Future" Party on
Friday, September 20 at.9:00
p.m. at the Albany Hilton. Ad-
mission ls $3 with an Invita-
tion. $5 without.

 

 

 

and of SUNYA's Student Association (SA). The group is
interested in working together to improve individual stu-
dent governments, work on major issues affecting
students' rights and programming events together, added
Gawlcy. ‘

CDSA is made up of group leaders from SUNYA,
Hudson Valley Community College (HVCC). RCHSSEIWF
Polytechnic Institute (RPI). the College of St. Rose.
Siena College. Skldmore College, and Union College.

According to Clawley only four schools attended the
first meeting. which was held in the summer. “We now
have seven full members and expect more." he said.

One of the major goals of CDSA. said Gawley, is to
cooperate on programming events. This will cut down on
cost and allow us to obtain better comedians and
speakers, he explained.

The Idea behind this, explained Gawlcy, is obtaining a
speaker to tour several Albany schools at a time. “This
will make It more worthwhile for them and we won't lose
money," he said. “I believe we will be working on getting
top notch comedians like maybe Eddie Murphy or Bill
Cosby," said Chris Siler. President of Union Colleges
Student Association. This can be done if.thc schools go In
together becuase It cuts down on cost. she explained.

Bringing students together on issues that concern them
is another aspect of CDSA

I
...l-':

“I will attend the rally and we are setting up a mini bus
for the Black Student Alliance to to use,” said John
Slyer. President of HVCC Student Association.

According to Slyer, CDSA is also planning another
project that will offer discounts to students interested in
Spring break trips. “We want to collaborate all our
schools together and use the same travel agent. hotel and
planes in order to get reduced rates,” he said.

The different timing of breaks may present a problem,
Slyer said. but he added he believes “we can overcome it
because we can promise the use of so many rooms and
tickets." Silcr agreed. saying. “Programming may be dif-
ficult with schools on different schedules, but I think it
can be done." '

Another problem for CDSA, according to Joseph
Cnndellaria. Senior Senator at HVCC, is the integrating
of students from all different places. “Between different
schools. students are very separated. Each school has
their own particular pride and tend to stay together,” he
said. He explained that programming joint events may
help lessen this.

According to Gawlcy, plans for a party in November at
an Albany club are being made. The party will be open to
students from all schools.

Getting together to express concerns and new Ideasnli

 

Stove leloy
“We now have seven full members. "

 

 

