 

 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS C] TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1985

 

 

x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
."n_dan »

Cenlr‘aIAvenuc upstairs Albany

 

 

 

 

 

 

"No one has yet asked for a job I can't ﬁnd. "

 

 

: FLAHS :
: HA IRDESIGNERS :
I SUNY STUDENT SPECIALS |
I Precision Cut and D  . I
I Mens or Ladies'ry  4  |
: zoros PERM ...... ........sl.o.oo '
I Includes cut and dry . :
, FROSTING... ........... ..szo.oo and up .
! ﬁSK HBOUT OUR HIGHLIGHTING I
I sculptured nails. tips. manicures. facials - I
I P 1“ teT ll I
esant e Cein k M“
I Stuyv38‘6668 C0l22;‘3278 Mo:;z3539 E

By Craig Wortman
Among its other benefits, SUNYA‘s Community

 

Ski

Mount Snow, Vermont

for $15 per day.

Purchase a MOUNT SNOW 6—PAC for $90 and

enjoy six days of big mountain Vermont skiing on any

Tuesday. Wednesday or Thursday (non-holiday)
throughout the 1985-86 ski season.

Why conquer hills when you can challenge a
mountain? Located in easy to reach southem

  

Snow boasts 12

Vennont, Mount

  
  

lifts (a summit gon—
'  w dola, 5 triple chairs, 6
3 double chairs). 57 trails,

1.700 vertical feet and
80% snowmaking.

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 

the Season Pass
Office with a valid
college picture Ll). The
6—PAC is non-transferable.

Purchase a 6—PAC at

Mount 31tqu

VERMONT

For more. Mount Snow Ski Resort
Information can ' Mount Snow. Vermont 05356
(802)4648501. v

 
  

For the latest ski
report call (802)464—2151.

Service program can help find participating
students jobs after college, said its new director,
Neil Cervera. «

“People have gotten jobs. It’s not axiomatic, but
it does happen . . . One woman got a job on Gover-
nor Cuomo’s staff," Cervera explained.

The program offers three services.” said Cervera,
explaining that “it provides agencies with help for a
variety of needs, it allows students to realize that
civic responsibility is an earka to being a com-
plete college grad. and it allows students to get me-
vocational experience."

The’Community Service Program is a three credit
course available to any undergraduate at SUNYA
and can be taken twice for credit. It is listed in the
course schedule as RSSW 290 and RSSW 390.

Cervera, who is a licensed social worker, brings
his experience as a teacher on the high school and
college level, and a staff supervisor for local family
agencies. to the program.

As the new director, Cervera said he plans to
make “no immediate changes,” adding that he
believes “this is the only program of its kind."
There has been “a steady placement of students for
15 years," he said, and “the majority of agencies
comment on the quality of students' work and the
help that they give. It makes you very proud of the
program."

Community Service was founded I5 years ago
through the combined efforts of the School of
Social Welfare and the student body.

“In came about in a time of social ferment, " said
Cervera. “out of increased student involvement in
civil rights issues, the invasion of Cambodia, and
the Viet Nam War."

According to Cervera, although the program is a
division of the School of Social Welfare, the oppor-

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

MUSIC MIE

ﬂ UNIQUE REC 0RD STORE
DECIDE WHETHER TO PURCHHSE GIN ﬂLBUM HRH)" HEﬂR IT
Buy on album for:56.50 We buy the album back for:Slr.85 Your total cost:SI.65

Nell Cervera, new director of Community Service

 
 

 

   

J , '
TAMIL STEELE UPS

Director of Community Service isnew,
but benefits the program offers are not

tunities offered are not,limi_ted to social work. “No
one has yet asked for a job I can’t find. lean put
you in the New York Attorney General's Office, the
New York State. Geological Department, the
Capital Repertory Society working in theater, or in
TN. advertising or broadcasting," he said..L.

The experience students get from their services
can give them an idea of “what it’s like to work in a
job situation," said Cervera. This is “not
something you can learn in a book, you have to ex-
perience it. You can apply what you learn in the
classroom," he added.

The job that a student chooses can be tailbred to
his or her interests. Pro-medical students can go to
Albany Medical Center or the Veteran's Ad
ministration Hospital. Psychology majors can work
for the Big Brother/Big Sister program. Pro-law
majors can work at the Legislature. The job ex-
perience can be vocationally and socially useful at
the same time, Cervera said, adding that “Educa-
tion majors can work in Arbor Hill, to teach
youngsters and old people how to read."

The program, which students can register for on
Monday, October 28; Tuesday, October 29; and
Wednesday. October 30, at a table in the Lecture
Centers, can accomodate a total of 500 students. It
requires 72 hours of work over the semester. “Most
students do six hours a week,” Cervera said.

The emphasis of the program is on the actual job.
Cervera said. adding that “agencies are required to
keep a log of the work that is done and send a
report back." One limitation, Cervera said, is that
“we ask that students not drop the program. it can
be hard on the agencies when they have put you on
a project,” he said

The program is not inconvenient for students and
of the 200 to 300 agencies involved, “most are in
the city of Albany near bus lines (SUNYA or
CDTA)," said Cervera. ‘ U

 
 
   

 

 
 

 

THPE SHLE
Moxell xur-9o $1.99
TDK 0-90 $1.29
TDK sn-so $1.99

     
      
    

 

 

Z1I Ontorlo Street. ﬂlbony
638-1111 ‘

/

O

 

0 Oct. 22-21 While Supplies lost 6 ° ° 0

   

Open Noon - 8pm
Monday-Saturday
Cosh Only 0

           
  

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

, #7,.

Space for campus parties ,andllother
events is‘so tight right now that ,in some
areas rooms‘liad to be reserved last spring,
according to Student Association Director
of Student Programming Betty Ginzberg.

Ginzberg said she believes that “having
a programming idea is fine." but the ma-

jor concern should not have to be available ‘

room. “I feel that there isn't enough space
for students to hold activities (on cam-
pus)," said Ginzberg.

Director of Campus Life Jim Doellet‘eld
said he is aware of the difﬁculties in being
able to reserve “certain types” of space.
“The Campus Center Ballroom is very
heavily booked as a result of more groups
that want to do things," he said. And for a
group to hold a party in the Brubacher
Ballroom this semester, the best time to
have hooked it would have been last Spr-
ing, according to Ginzberg.

She added that there are plans for more
non-alcoholic programming, dance events
and speakers, but lack of space forces her
to make a lot of long-range planning.

“The implementation of the 21-year-old .

drinking age will result in the need for
more thought put to the type of things be
ing done," said student Mark Pcrlstein,
who is working on the issue with Ginzberg.

Areas other than the Campus Center
may provide some answers, Ginzberg said.
“I would like to see the Performing Arts
Center. utilized in a better manner," she
explained. Facilities in the PAC include 2
studyfldunges, a Recital Hall with seating
for 200 people, and the theater which seats
500 people. Ho'v’rever, the people who run
the Performing Arts Center are concerned
and protective over the very expensive
equipment housed in the building, accor-
ding to Ginzberg.

‘ “The stage facilities in the PAC are
heavily scheduled space by classes or by
programs scheduled by the PAC itself,"
said Doellefeld. “Ginzberg has been trying
to work with Dr. Poguc on this,” he
added. '

Ginzberg said she would like to hold

By Ang’dllnawing If  -
s-mnrwmn r r. I ‘ ‘

speake‘r‘evgnts “at least once a week" in
the newlygenovated Page Hall. She called
it "a much‘more appropriate place than
the Campus Center Ballroom for people to
come from all over to SUNYA to speak."

Groups can also start utilizing their
quads and U-Lounges for events, but, said
Ginzberg, improvements in microphone,
speaker. and lighting systems in the areas
are needed. '

NEWS UPDA TES

Drummer found

Carleton Barrett, a drummcr‘for the
band The Wailers was found by Albany
police after he had been missing fbr
nearly 24 hours.

According to a spokesperson for
Public Safety, Barrett was reported
missing at midnight on Friday, Oct.
18th. The department of public safety
notified Albany Police of the situation.

Albany police found Barrett “sitting
on a bench at Bleecker Stadium" at ap-
proximately 6:00 pm". on Saturday, 0c-
tober I9. He was turned over to relatives
and friends at that time.

The spokesperson did not know
where Barrett had been for the time he
was missing.

Essay topic named

The SUNY-wide Benjamin Scharp
and David Scharp $1,000 prize essay
contest for l985~86 will have as its topic
this year "Comparable Worth: A
Dilemma for the 1980's. Will it close the
Earnings Gap or widen the Gender
Gap?" .

Students interested in entering the
contest must have juniorclass standing

(56 credits) at the time of writing, but,

there are no restrictions concerning a
student’s major.

One student's essay will be chosen to
represent SUNY Albany and will then
be among those being considered from

 

all SUNY centers.

P'rwl SK RT‘ROT'JO .‘l Akl’l‘ﬂll‘l‘ C ' HE‘S)!“ 'l‘M‘lLIU‘f‘? “(MAE 1!».
v TUESDA Y,-OCTOBER-22, 1985 E] ALBANY TUDENT PRE£

saberor‘gng-ca,m [ins aetivities {is alight issue

“The issue of space is all over/campus
and not limited as far as programming,"
said Ginzberg. She said she has discussed
the need for more study space with Vice
President Pogue, and would like to see
“more library hours and more lecture
centers open later.”

“Vice President Pogue has been more
than helpful to me on behalf of the
students' needs on campus." Ginzberg ad-

,5

- n.

this week and was not
available for comment.

Doellefeld mentioned plans to improve
campus space that are already in progress,
including construction of the ﬁeldhouse
and a 400 person residence hall.

“We live on this campus, and it is our
home,” said Ginzberg.

 

Essays must be no more than I500
words and typewritten. Students should
define the legal issues as they see them
and advocate a position. The deadline
for submission to the Center for
Undergraduate Education (CUE) is
December 12, 1985 at 4 p.m.

Star Wars rejected

(CPS) Zelman Warharft of Cornell
and Vira Kistiakausky and Phillip Mor-
rison of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology (MIT) say they'll reject
lucrative grants to research parts of the
Pentagon‘s Strategic Defense Initiative
—- or Star Wars —— weapons systems.

In a Washington, DC. press con-
forence, the three said they didn’t want
their research to be interpreted as ap-
proval of the weaponry. and feared be
ing forced to violate scientific ethics if
they took the grant money.

Some professors have expressed con-
cern about Star Wars research. The con-

troversy centers around whether pro- .

fessors will be allowed by the defense
department to publish the results of
their work, orif secrecy will be inherent
in the research‘. I ,

Young selling fast
According to Chris Budd of UriiVersi-

ty Concert Board the Paul Young con-
cert has nearly sold out.

As of 3:00 pm. Monday. Budd said
that only approximately 500 of 2804
tickets were still unsold. “All of the
tickets sold out at the Palace Theater,"
he explained.

“We thought the concert would sell
well. but we didn’t think we’d be close
to selling out this soon," Budd
commented.

Paul Young and the Royal Family will
be appearing at 8:00 pm. on October 31
at the Palace Theater. Tickets are $10
with a tax card and $14 without.

NYPIRG soaks intern

New York Public Interest Research
Group (NYPlRG) is offering a
legislative intern program for students
across the state. According to coor~
dinator Travis Plunkett. the internships
afford students the chance “to gain
first-hand experience in New York State
politics."

For SUNY Albany students. the
possibility exists of creating a program
with an academic department for credit.
NYPIRG is offering a $500 stipend.

According to Plunkett, students in the
internship program will both research
and lobby with NYPlRG. “They will
track legislation. meet and lobby with
policy makers and the media,, follow
through with an issue. and see how the
legislative process works," said
Plunkett.

 

 

 

Chaykin CPA Review
' at HOFSTRA

The Comprehensive Review Course

 

BEWARE!

I Don't be taken in by the "Fast Food" approach to CPA preparation in lieu ol a

comprehensive program.

I Don't pay a hefty tuition lee and take upon yoursell the burden of proper

preparation.

I Don't kill your weekends wading through material that wasn't covered in class.
I Don‘t waste your time and money by enrolling in acourse based on geography

and/or minimal class hours.

Concldorlng that the CPA Exam requires the most extensive and ln-dopth
preparation ollllprofoulonnl name:

I Do request loreach course the topical coverage and hours allotted.

I Do inquire as to the names and academic qualillcations ol the instructors.
I Do demand independent veriﬁcation olpurported passing percentages,
I Do check the caliber ol a course by asking your peers in the lield.

Call for a brochure and a FREE 55-909. booklet,
“Information tor CPA Candid-too," publlohod bytho AICPA

103 Heger Hall ‘ ,
HOFSTRA UNIVERSITY
Hempstead. NY. 11550
(518) 580-5684
Locations In; Manhattan. Long Island and NoWdarsey



UNIVERSITY

DIVISION OF CONTINUING EDUCATION

Holstra Unlversrly 15 an equal educational opportunity institution

 

 

 

 

 

