MY TURN

Let’s Hear It for R.A.’s

By BOB GARRISON

T he time: 3:10 a.m., less than ﬁve
hours before the start of my Medical
College Admissions Test. After be-
ing less than gently awakened by one of my
dorm mates, I helped himclean p thepieces
of what once had been a window in the
outside door ofour building. a window that
somesoul had decided togatfwith a forearm
as he strolled by. Where he was going at 3
am. [will never know, but it wasn‘t theonly
time I was to be puzzled by the self-destruc-
tive tendencies of L‘( lege-age men.

My year as a resident assistant at the
University of Nebraska was a year ﬁlled
with moments that ran the gamut from
catastrophic to tearfully happy. l made
some of the best friends I've ever had,
learned the real meaning of time manage-
ment. helped form a ﬂoor community that
was unrivaled for closeness among those I
had previously seen and, most important,
came to know and understand myself and
my residents in depth that I wouldn't have
thought was possible in nine short months.

I consider it truly unfortunate that the
R.A. is often immediately pigeonholed as a
law officer and nothing else. Indeed, ensur-
ing that campus and city regulations are
observed is an integral part ofthcjob. but by
no means is it the only role. In fact. it is a
minor role. I believe that the job title itself
best explains what R.A.‘s do and the quali-
ties looked for in prospective R.A.‘s. A
desire to help others was the No. 1 reason
that I tackled the job. The words are trite.
but for most R.A ', the meaning behind
them is not.

from answering trivial questions to
dealing with situations that were po-
tentially life threatening. Helping a fresh—
man with a bulky chem problem, explaining

F or me, this helping ot‘people ranged

to foreign gr: ate students how to wash
clothes, organt ng an intramural team at
the start ofthe school year. keeping an eye
on roommates who look as ifthey're headed
for trouble and dealing with suicidal stu-
dents are all examples of problems with
which a resident ant may be faced.
These example ust that—examples.
A resident assis ant has to be prepared to
hear any type of problem and to deal with
the situation in an empathetic, open-mind-
cd and nonjudgntenlal fashion. Coatich-

tiality must be absolute; the only other peo-
ple who should know about the problem are
those who. in thejudgment ofthe R.A., are
qualiﬁed and/or required to know.

The pressure on resident assistants is
enormous. Because most are juniors and
seniors, their academic loads are starting to
pack more ofa punch, and the R.A.‘s must
reconcile the increased academic demands
with ajob that cuts into study time tremen-
dously
meaning: RA 's struggle to ﬁt classes,
study time, staffmeetings, time for residents
and play time into their schedules.

When a resident assistant returns from
class, it's not as if he or she is "leaving
the ofﬁce.“ Instead, he or she comes home

—_______
It was a year ﬁlled

with moments that

ran the gamut from
catastrophic to

tearfully happy.

to it. This inability to remove oneself
front the place of work can quickly lead
to some I'm-carrying-the-world-on-my-
shoulders depressions. but most R ‘s are
fortunate enough to have colleagu who
can spot the syndrome and point out what's
happening.

What made it work for me were the peo-
ple I came to know. Our staff. the famed
Quad Squad of Sellect Quadrangle, was the
most important group of peers I had ever
known. I felt closer to theta in many re-
spects than to my own family. We laughed
together. cried together. pulled one another
out of the depths, made nuisances of our-
selves at more than one downtown Lincoln
establishment. and all the while knew that
when the chips were down anti nobody else
would listen. we could turn to one another
for love and support.

Very close behind my colleagues were
my residents. The men of Sellect 8100.
‘82-‘83, we ‘e my life. I can't pinpoint when
the transition occurred. namer when a
group ofawkward. self-conscious freshmen,
semi-brokcn-in upperelassmen amt their

R.A. went from existing as names on doors
to a community of guys who were tighter
than brothers, but it doesn‘t matter. It made
my heart sing when I saw it happening
before my eyes. When I realized that sud-
denly l was considered one of the guys and
not TheR.A. (spoken in hurried whispers). I
was so overjoyed I nearly did cartwheels
down the hall. That acceptance meant more
to me than can be put into words.

y residents were. I suppose, a
M typically diverse group—ma-

jors. hometowns and years in
school—but to me they were anything but
typical. Long after I have trod the hal-
lowed halls of Sellect Quad, I can still hear
the voices, see the faces and remember the
feelings of closeness that were present
among us. Like the resident-assistant staﬁ‘,
we in the hall knew that we could turn to
one another when life wasn‘t kind. I still
get a charge out of the nicknames. They
were no more original than those in any
other residence hall or fraternity, but these
nicknames are special because they evoke
memories: The Wheeze. Hollywood, Reg-
gie. Silk, Doom, Devo and Lurch.

Without adoubt the worst day I had as an
R.A. was the last day ofthe school year. I
say this in retrospect, because at the time I
couldn‘t wait for the end of ﬁnals, noisy
residents and endless room checkouts. Now
I remember poignantly seeing my residents
leave, drifting away in twos and threes,
wrestling their belongings outside to hope-
lesst overloaded cars and pickup trucks.
It seemed that at one moment everyone
was around. and a moment later, everyone
was gone. There wasn‘t enough time to say
goodbye.

The worst part of the worst day was
saying goodbye to the men and women who
had been my best friends in college—the
other resident 2 slants on our staff. I knew
very well that I would see many of them
again. even if less frequently. What I also
knew. though. was that we would never
again be together as colleagues, exalting in
our common highs and weathering our
common lows.

Bub Gui-rum: is a second-year student

in i'eIt-riiimjv medicine at Iowa State
Uiii'iic/zt'i'tv.

NEWS“ K ()N ('AMl'US/AI‘RII. HHS

 

 

.i [llIIiV(
«titaiitnti

iil‘lt.‘ .ttt‘ -..iiiii-‘nirn~.itilw  hi
.mn‘l tiit‘i .1,iiiei'.liu .ii iilllii- .ii'ii. I'lti
kin-min]

i Phone-tn S'ystoni

 


ltiiii
ti-h-iiluiiu: [U tlt‘i .t ltlit" tnnin- Anti
Inuit: uttl’t- ,ilitll tin-ititz. rttviit «ti‘t
’ln-iiiiiit [llti ‘.‘,ilt‘l‘i_.‘,lti‘il ltn-. iliilil
twluitii Iliui'i' i .

 

( .

 

Li..-
.__.
c4...

- Togo Program ' V _ V V
Ilii ilit‘llti inn t-zit‘dihitylt- .titi ii'iiiittt
.gviigatm t .ittiiio .i ital: -SUUIK_‘ tau
\‘inii‘l-Vii‘iI‘)’;f1lli4l)&v(-”kl)("({tl‘lli'fll‘llki‘
ltir‘iilh Wilil lttVl'lll‘x tustzttiittnts {tiitl

' t‘lilt'l tiitlrtlllr‘tlllklllfi to iiiovttio tum.»

lutilititttl‘ .il .t it-i'luri-tt litlt‘

'i. ' .
- Designated Driver

(nu inlii .i-rititiiiqti- Hllt‘ lll'lW iii tit
.wtii ‘Httllll xiii“ ,zilt init ittitii and

(it count;
(It-sigiitat
irii hiiiitt
(it .llt,i"iill
tutti lliilvi

 

