       

~d0-uuv<~ s...»~.-..a...4~..—«.~ w... .. .......... ._ NW...

 
 
   
 

4 ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS E] TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, I985 . _ __ ‘ .7 . i i _ , . '    ‘1 ~. ,1"

 

Internatlonal F llm Gru plan's classicrebirth  .. Test yourselfq . _

        

student is ill’Judlmél' Cdﬂé leV'é‘l' i :

 

By lan Spelling
MOVIESEQII‘OR _

International Film Grouppits screens
left blank for the past year, is gearing up to
once again bring classic ﬁlms to the
University. ‘

The group, founded in 1953, folded in
1984 but has been resurrected and will
show both Dracula and Frankenstein
Tuesday night in LC l.

lFG originally folded because. accor-
ding to Michelle DeMarco. the group‘s
new. chair, “Two people were literally do-
ing everything. They couldn't handle it
alone. So they ﬁnally decided if there
wasn’t that much interest it was time to
end it.” She’added that her intent is to
return the lFG to its original purpose - that
of “showing the best films of the past."

The groups reemergence was made
possible by a $2,000 University Auxilary
Services grant, DeMarco said.

She said she did not know if the group
would be applying for Student Association
funding for next year. “i'm not sure, we
really need to see what kind of interest
there is." she explained. ’

The group plans to show some of the
“classic American and foreign films of the
twenties, thirties. and fourties." said Jim
Fulton, one of the new members. “a
period that was full of invention,
fascinating stars, and just good film
making.”

Cheryl Richman. the treasurer. said that
the cinema at this time was “considered
merely an entertainment form. Yet. some
of the greatest stars like lngrid Bergman.
Greta Garbo. Humphrey Bogart, and

Ethiopian native stresses need fore

By Michelle Busherx _
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT 'v- v ‘

Famine relief in Ethiopiamust be tied to
a long term developmental program ‘in
order to be successful according to.native
Ethiopian Alem Habtu.,‘ Director: of
African Studies and Research at Queens
College. who spoke on campus Monday
night.

Although the lecture. sponsored by
Students Opposing Poverty (STOP) and
Speakers Forum. only attracted about 20
people. Habtu said he is “impressed by the
concern the present generation of students
has shown." He said, “Although my suit
doesnot show it. i was a member of the
Flouier Generation," and have always ad-
vocated peace.

He attributed the Ethiopian dilemma
not only to ecological factors. but also to
political and social concerns.

 

 

GRAFNIC: ADAM EMILE

IFG bringsthe best movies of the twenties, thirties. and forties to'esmpue. '

Charlie. Chaplin peaked professionally. it
was also a time of simply fantastic

directors. " .

According to Fulton. moviegoers take I
too much for gr'anted when watching to-
day's films. “We will be getting back to
the roots of film. back to the basics.” he
said. continuing, “You can do things with
black and white that you can't do with coi-

-'At present, said Habtu. “the 'U.S.4
Government provides no' aid to Ethiopia
and by law it is not allowed to." explaining

. that‘this is due to a dispute between the
‘ ‘twov'countries. ‘

“Thecountry {Ethiopia} has been in a
state of civil war for. the last l0 to is
years." said Habtu, adding. “the state
now has greater control than ever." '

' When the military decided to nationalize
industries in Ethiopia. the United States
declared that Ethiopia had‘ to reimburse
companies whose holdings‘were taken
over. he said.

“The dispute." explained Habtu. “is
over what the actual figure is. The United
States claims Ethiopia owes $30 million
and Ethiopia claims the amount is Sll
million." , -

“While the two countries are politically
antagonistic. millions of peasants are in

or. like shadows and lighting."
The films [F6 is showing are ones which

. students normally wouldnlt-have access to '

on campus or in the cor'n‘nrunity. AleG is

not a commercial venture.}l2eMarco.cited .,

the need for “people ivho are stadium-l”.

'terested in film. We'd like this to become a

film society, in the truest sense of the
d"  ',

WOI' .

need of aid," said Habtu. ' '

“i don't know what the way out is." he
said, "there'was hope in the Carter and
Reagan administrations that the present
gayernmen't"will be overthrown." ,

Habtu said he thinks the assumption is‘

unrealisticand that Ethiopians’ problems
are not resolvable. without some action

from the‘United Nations. Howe'ver,"‘This ‘-

should not be‘an'area of superpower com-
petition.".stated Habtu. _. ' '

“Hundreds? of millions
needed. in aid,“ he~said. and. the $30

million or sit million that isbelng haggled j
over is minisfcule-invcomparison, he stated. '

“There is ‘a‘vlirnitatio‘n; to'what we. as in-
dividuals inismall groups. can do. For-long
term results,.we need to inﬂuence public
policy," said Habtu. . ; r
Referring to a bill in‘ Congress that

4 would: allocate funds for emergencv aid in 

of dollars die ‘

original IFGwas a shortage of projectors. 
DeMarco said that the group is using three

other three.‘ -

pus organization, DeMarco replied) “You
may have seen some of these films on
television. but there is always more to ex-
pe‘rience'when you see it uncut, with good

They are not moldypldies." ‘ ‘
The'seiection of ﬁlms'to be

She said that a variety of pictures “offers

on their foundation of film."

The opening films, Dracula and
Frankenstein. are the two ﬁlms which
established the American Horrorvtra‘di-Z
tion. Their ﬁnancial and artistic successes
,launched the careers of Bela Lugosi and

tinue to haunt the screen to this day.

' lFG’s schedule reads as . follows:
February 12, Dracula and Frankenstein;
February 19. Grand Illusion; February 26,
Casablanca - "Dress-up night. the best
costumes will win tickets to future shows;
March 5, The Passion of Joan or Arc;
March 12, Young and Inllocen t;'March l9.

. to be announced; March 26.“ Rules of the
Game; April 9, FootlightParade; April 16,
to be announced; April, 23. City Lights;
April 30, Queen Christina. . ' III

 

   
   

, provide relief
' > n l

' land.

  

; “sitcoms. .. xf.
Ethiopia. sa’id'Hp
cle of draught an“

   

a aristocrats-

years. but this is thevworst‘so for}  said.  -
The 'des'ert‘ is myingroutth‘aﬁa rate "
, d 1 .

 

 

,_ I and a jcilrltu  l
tu said that only three ‘perceirt‘ 0th
inEthlopidis covered by forest and ‘th

’ erosion is 'there'fore'a' larg 5p‘roblem.
‘ Soil erosion leads to defdrestation. which

scarce pasture

7 leads 'to fio‘odlng‘and' even more-soil ero- ‘ ‘

"sion, explained Habtu.‘ He asserted that'
“draught need not create' famine.”

however, and used the American Midwest“ ‘

as an example of this.

oflthe four original projectors. with parts ,
belrig taken frdmthe fourth to fix: the 

' Asked what leads them to 3think the >
group will once again be a successful cm- 4

the modern moviegoer a chance to build. ' '

 
 
  
 

.V *l  I

.One. of the problems faced .by'the» 

sound andgood. clear prints.” Fultonad- - 
ded. “The ﬁlms stand on their owntoday. . -
shown is . ‘
“quite diverse." according to DeMarco. ‘ r

Boris Karloff. who created the prototypes ' 'f
of the vampire and the monster which'con- ‘

a the guide

v made up .‘of. professors. ad-

 

 

 

 

. nah
By llene'Welndteln L' n 

EDITORIAL assth - ‘ .
After criticism from university
administrate fend student
government __leaders in Judicial r
Review . committee has been, , set
up to begin“, intensive studyon . '
his, 8.6.. . ,.
SUNYA's‘jstudent body; » ~

The Judicial Review” nan.-

 

 

become the

  
  
 

ministrators, and studentdeaders,
has been reviewing the guideline}, '
is .

Vice Freeldent FrdhitPogue
A general overhaul was needed 7'

 
 

f since November and Willprobably‘ 'raiséd by students, Staff ‘ and pro-
pre'sent their recommendations .to
Vice President for» Student :Af- 7
fairs Frank Pegue in mid-March. ' ambiguous statements that‘must
according to the . committee’s
chair Terence Thornberry. ‘ '  I
' ‘The, recommendations must be
passed by a niiijoriti‘of‘ the”Stil-‘
‘ {’dent Affairs Council and theident guidelines are'f‘vague'v’ and ‘
University Council in order ' to
official. judicial »

guidelines of the university. ‘
, llQuestionsof clarity'havebeen (fer, who is also a membe ,of the ‘

fessio'nals." said Poguei adding
that the existing ' policy contains ,

be cleared'up by, the Committee.
According to Student ASsocia-
lion" “President - 'aléii Seh'affer.
1‘ many aspects of the‘c‘ul‘rent "stu-

"archaic.”_' The guidelines -“must__
be creative .and,_'iook out for

students" rights,” added;chitaf- .

 

3'7 y-‘Review. committee.  g H
 "We must clean competitions-
I language and give [students ‘a
"clearer understanding of the
(judicial) procedures. " said Assis-
., rant Director'of Residential Life
- and .' committee member Karleen '
Karlson.’ ‘ I. _
Pre-hearingconferenceii with a
judicial director are now, normal
policy for all students who have
been referred. explained Karison.
who added that this is one effort .
to give students a better
understanding of the University's
.v judicialsystem. ' '
, Specific SA criticisms against
the current guidelines are the set-
up of judicial quad boards and
the Ofﬁce of Residential Life's ln-

 

' _ ceedings.said‘Schaffer.
~Schaffer has suggested, that
_ quad judicial ,. boards. should be
eliminated and replaced by
rotatinguniversity boards made
up of a mixture. of students from
allsduads. . '  _~ ,
 " ‘aln, addition, Residential 'Life‘s
' involvement in. judicial" matters
' sometimes creates “personality

, “This is not an attack. on, anyone

 

“Residential life is too
involved.“ .

Students should also be allowed
the right to have, an attorney, pref

 

' iron soucv use

7» .

 

“Black women are the most oppressed people.
economically. socially, and I politically” in the
United States and “only _white males are treated

. like first class citizens," said Barbara Sims, 3

Buffalo judge.- .‘during her 'lecture Friday
afternoon; ' '

Association of Black Women Attorneys and a
lecturer at SUN_Y at Buffalo. spoke on the role of

Black Women lacedualaparesslgn

Sims, who is Vice President of the' National

   

volvement in judicial pro-.»

.conflictsﬁﬂ claimed, ‘Schaffer. _

4 directly." he said, explaining that, .

. j .
Which early pregnancy teat is as

i” ‘ Which  a simple one-step test?
Which has a dramatic color change

Which is 98% accurate, as accurate
as many hospital and lab tests?

1. Which, is portable for convenience
‘ ’ and'privacy?

 

c 1933mm” mum: Co.

'ulﬂl-I BJJIOA

- Chiropractic.

easy to read as red, no —white, yes?

to make the results unmistakable?

jsrlld a 193 n0};

 

NORTHWESTERN COLLEGE OF CHIROPRACTIC _

As the need for specialized health care continues to grow,
Northwestern College of Chiropractic can help you enter a
satisfying career taking care of people as a .Doctor' of

Black women in theFeminist Movement. Her
lecture was co-sponsored by the ,Fr'eside'nt's Lec-
ture Series, the Women’s Studies program, and .
. the African-American Studiesprograrnm . _
3 “Black women have been du" y discriminated

" by sex and color." said Sims. a ding that this has

. inﬂuenced l Black women's attitudes, toward
feminism. A larger percentage of white women
are inaccordance with the goals and attitudes of

' feminism than Black womenﬁbe added.

Committed to high standards in education and research
for over 40 years, Northwestern offers you comprehensive
chiropractic training on a modern campus distinguished for
its excellent facilities and dedicated teaching staff.

Located In the Twin Cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis,
Northwestern College of Chiropractic puts you within the
heart of a metropolitan area known for Its cultural and recrea-
tional opportunities. With' the largest number of parks and

‘ lake‘s of any.U.S. city. the Twin Citiesmetropolltan area offers
everything from swimming and boating to biking, skiing and
camping. A wealth of museums, theaters, musical events,
professional sports activities. exceptlonal restaurants and
shoppingcentere are all within minutes of the campus.

If you would like to know how Northwestern College of
Chlropractlc can help you achieve your career goals. com-
plate the form below 'or‘call the admissions office TOLL FREE
at 1-soos238322. Extension 290 or collect at (612) 888-4777.

 

SUN YA honors handicappedinterns’yefforts

By Ilene Welnsteln
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

“There are 36 million people in the United States with
disabilities" and there is a 40 percent. unemployment rate .
among them. said SUNYA Disabled Student Services
Director Nancy Belowich. coordinator of a pilot intern-
sllip program for disabled students. t

“Many people with disabilities don’t have the same ex-
periences of (the) able-bodied." like working while in
their teens, said Belowlch. Potential employers don't‘
always give disabled applicants a fair chance.'she added;

Belowhich spoke at a presentation Friday afternoon

The four students. who were chosen out of .15 ap-
plicants, were able to demonstrate their skills in ﬁelds
such as computer applicationstand budget analysis.

“This is one of the few universities that gives a damn
about the students in it," said School of Business Assis- .. .
tant Dean John Levato. adding that he believes the quali- ;‘ Women' and Black- have shared common ex-
ty of the university rests in the hands-of the 10,000  pet‘lences lhl'mlllhm“ history which should have
undergraduates here. . ' 4 : , . . i brought these two groups closer‘together. said.

Levntoralong with Assistant Dean of the'Center for ‘ Sims. “Women and slaves have been Elven the
Undergraduate Education (CUE) Bob Gibson, acted as : ‘1 ‘ Him“ 0f lhell’ PBITlFChW' Both mac“ Slaves and
the academic supervisors for the pilot project. .'   women were expected ‘0‘!” ,vf’be‘éllem ‘0 their

interns were selected on the basis of grade point masters. she added. ' ‘ '

 

.l'l

     

 

commending the efforts ofthe four disabled students who
participated in an on-campus internship in the Offices of
Finance and Business. .

According to Belpwhich, transportation; can be an

R especially difﬁcult problem for disabled people, and so '
. special internships had to be created to provide oppor-
" V tunlties for “real world" work experience.

The pilot project was developed last semester by Vice

' President forl Finance and Business John Hartigan, who

hired blind student Michael Corso as all office aide in
l983. Corso was asked to work with linrtigan's depart-
ment managers to write potential job descriptions.

“gage. motivation and interest in the program. Lento
sa . . '
The interns "walked away with an understanding that
no organization is easy to work in." said Levato. He add-,
ed that the stuff in Finance and Business had the "impor-
lunt opportunity to interact with undergraduate!“ on a »
first-hand basis. . ' v
“The university functions as any corporation," said in-
tern lnez Hill. While the university doesn't answer to
stockholders. it does answer to taxpayers. she'said. "Lec~
tures and legers make the university work," she added.
Hill. a senior. worked on surveying current practices

“Women attended sex-Separated schools.
Blacks attended racially separated schools,” said
Sims. . . 4

Black women and white women have been kept
apart by historical circumstances that whites did
not share with Blacks. “White women worked
for low wages. Black women worked for no
,wages for 225 years in the most cruel and
dehumanizing t‘ype of slavery ever known." ad-
ded Sims.

Black women were scorned by white women
because’white men turned to Black women for

' Judge Barbara Sims '

  

 

 

“Black women are the runs! oppressed people. "
anger out “on loose. promiscuous, silpld, lazy .
Black females," She said. '
When Black women were allowed into the paid
workforce. they were forced to compete with
white women for jobs. suld Sims. “if a woman
was going to be hired. it would be a white

 

Melisa send me more Informal/on on
Northwestern College of Chlropractlc

Name
Address t. ._  , , ..   . -
City State . le

Phenol  ) .. .‘LH ,. ,

SEND rot Nollllwnlom College of chllopl'nollc.
Admissions Office. 2601 West Mth Street.

Yoalrl DI collogo experience , A

woman. if a Black was going to be hired, it algamlnglon,M|nn..m. 55431
.l I Would betalBlnaklmanr‘lshe agenda 1 l l l m . M . terraces-5322, Extension 290tcolleet “(012)6884777 s v t l a ll ‘
 allanoiWelnstelnzs - 3 - w 1r . . r . . .

mistresses, Sims believed. “Black women made
their (white wolnen'sh marriages emptyvshells.‘l'.
she‘sald. adding that half-white children were.

" . mum” u” “We wanted job descriptions with meat.“ instead of and policies of the purchasing department. According to i 
internships consisting .of running errands. answering Hill. the internship helped redevelop the self-confidence '

Vice President Hartlggn and Wood ‘
' phones. and sitting at a desk, raid Belowlch. 7p 

A pllot program yieldlng results

 

grim.

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

.. I» s":

 

 

 

