  

2a Aspects

 

 

"I think I bring to each ‘of my performances 23 years of

m life’s ex eriences. . . ”
Y

Let's examine those experiences. The son of actor
Martin Sheen, Estevez has appeared in Tex, Repo Man,
Nightmares, The Breakfast Club, St. Elmo’s Fire, and That
Was Then This Is Now, for which he penned the

screenplay. He recently completed a starring role in Stephen ’

King’s Overdrive, and the credits on his next project, entitl-
ed Wisdom, will include writer, director, and star.

In a hotel room on the 34th floor of The Parker Meridian,
overlooking Manhattan, Estevez pours himself into a chair.
He strikes one as thoroughly relaxed, wearing tattered blue
jeans, a gray sports jacket, and a grungy pair of white Nike
sneakers. He speaks truthfully, although, at times, Estevez

shares less than he desires, an obvious after-effect of the .

New Yorker “Brat Pack" article two years ago.

“ . _ . I’m not capable of bringing 26 or 27 years of my
life's experiences because I haven't lived that long yet. Every
yearl grow. Every performance I grow and learn something
new. I learn something about myself everytime," he shares.

"In the last couple of years I've been able to relax in front .

of the camera. That makes a world of difference, whether
you're tight and worrying about your lines. I don’t study my
lines before I go to work. I have a general idea about what l
do, what I’m going to say, and I go in front of the camera.
Whatever happens happens. If a fly lands on your head
what are you going to do? Leave it there because it's not in
the script? There!" Estevez shouts, smacking his face,
“you’ve swatted a fly. Get rid of it.”

So at ease before the camera, Estevez feels prepared to
move behind it. "I just made a deal with Gladden Entertain-
ment Corporation, which is (Producer) David Begelman’s
company in Los Angeles, to direct and star in (a film based
on his own) original screenplay called Wisdom. We start
shooting in January," explains Estevez.

"I am scared to death of directing, but I have the energy
right now. I may not have that energy five or ten years from
now. But l love film. My whole life I've loved film. I used to
make eight millimeter films. Surfing movies," Estevez recalls
with a sheepish smile. "I made a movie when I was in sixth
grade with all the neighborhood kids about the Mafia
(laughs). We called it The Godbrother. It was about trading
diamonds and stuff. We had this old chandelier that was in a
box in the attic. I pulled all the crystals off and used those
for the diamonds. It was wild." -

"I would get into the editing and the music. So I'm excited
as hell to be directing Wisdom and to be really in control in
front of and behind the camera. It seems like a natural pro-
gression for me."

Estevez desribes Wisdom as a contemporary drama con-
cerning a young man who doesn't fit anywhere on the social
ladder. "He sets out to change his own life and to change the
lives of some people around him in a very positive way,"
promises the screenwriter. "That's all I can say about it
without giving too much away."

A project Estevez does talk about, proudly and at length,
is That Was Then, This Is Now, based on S.E. Hinton’s
novel. Estevez plays Mark, a young man growing up, and
apart from his best friend Bryan (Craig Shelter).

“I was doing Tex in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and l had never
read S.E.Hinton before Tex. so I picked up the book That
Was Then This Is Now in the bookstore. I took it home and
read it. It just floored me. It was just an incredible novel," he
proclaims. “I felt it any of her novels were going to be turn.

ed into film this should be the one."

 

 

——Emilio Estevez

No one at the. time held the rights to the novel. Estevez,
then 18, approached Susan Hinton and requested that she
sell him the rights. "I said I’d like to take a shot at it," relates
Estevez. "She was a little reluctant because of my age, but I
talked about some ideas l had; She said 'Yeah, I think you
can do it. You'd be perfect to play Mark.’ I said, 'Yeah, I
know.’ ”

“So I started working on the screenplay. I didn’t really in-
tend to write it until I optioned the property. Screenwriters-
these days get a lot of money. I needed to see if it translated
well. So I took two weeks right after shooting Tex and
wrote the first draft, which ran 120 pages and read very
well. A couple of people read it and they encouraged me to
continue writing. It Went through a long precess, four and a
half years, to finally get to the screen."

Studio backing posed one major roadblock in Estevez' ef-
forts to mount That Was Then. The other Hinton novel
translations to film (Tex, The Outsiders, and Rumble Fish)
generally failed at the box office. “I think that was the big-
gest hurdle for me to get over," claims Estevez, "the studios
were not willing to put money into something that was
another intense youth drama. You feed someone junk food
their entire lives and they don't know the difference bet-
ween health food and junk food.”

"If you feed them junk food movies they go to see junk
food movies for the rest of their lives. You feed them health
food, it takes them a while to pick up on it, but they even-
tually do. They realize that the health food makes them feel
better, the health food movies make them feel better. It's
sad to think it's taken this long to change, but change is
slow. We'll see what happens in the future, if they continue
to make movies like The Breakfast Club and St. Elmo's
Fire.” . '
Another potential dilemma facing Estevez derived from
the fact that any film concerning teenagers is immediately
labeled a "teen film.” Estevez read That Was Then at a time
when teen sex-ploitati on films ﬂooded the market. "All the
kids are into sex, drugs, and rock n roll, and they are
mindless. I thought, 'Well, lesus, this is really not fair. I’m
tired of being portrayed as this mindless human being.’ That
Was Then struck a chord in me which said 'Yes, this has a
possibility of making a difference. It's an intelligent book
and it could make an intelligent film.’ It’s taken a long time
to get to the screen and since then we've had Risky Business.
which I consider an intelligent film, The Breakfast Club, St.
Elmo’s Fire, and just these high class youth films. So, That
Was Then is a little late, but l think it will find an audience."

Finding an audience meant sacrificing certain elements of
the Hinton novel, chieﬂy the disheartening realities. “We
felt we needed to make the film a little more up,” Estevez
confesess. "It’s (the novel) very moralistic, I think. There’s
not a real elelment of humor. You find that in most of her
novels. What I did with (director) Chris Cain was infuse the
humor element. The last thing I think we needed was
another S.E.Hinton novel with a brooding young man, a
troubled youth who's sulking and pounding on lacker

doors. We just didn't need that. Instead that pain is really
covered up by this humor. I think it works much better. It
makes it more accessable to the audience."

Estevez brought much of himself to the role of Mark.
"Mark goes through a lot of pain. He’s got a lot of hurt. He's
a scarred individual. The key to his character," contends
Estevez, "is when he says 'I don't like anybody hurting me,’

 

 

 

Craig Shelter (ten) and Emilio Estevez (right) In That Was Then... This Ia Now."

    
 

 

 

because he's got so much hurt himself. He takes that pain
out on other people. He verbally abuses people. He
physically abuses people, as we see him do a number of
times in the film. He's got so much pain and so much anxie-
ty built up inside that I just really tapped into my own pain.
and my own fears, and covered them up with the humor
element. In rehearsals I discovered that was the key to mark.
50 that was the inward homework.”

"The physical homework was finding something right for
the hair, finding the right caring, losing a certain amount of
weight, and just doing those little things that make up a
character."

Mark additionally providedEstevez the occasion to por-
tray a person he wasn’t on the surface. “I think there’s a
Mark inside me screaming to get out. That's Why I wanted
to play this character. I think we all have a wild streak to us,
our alter ego. It was a terrific opportunity for me to get that
out of my system. We play certain roles for a reason. I now
have this out of my system," declares Estevez, who pauses
momentarily and adds, "I'm kind of a combination of my
character, (Andy) in The Breakfast Club and Mark from
That Was Their."

l-‘r0ceeding on advice from friends and colleagues.
Estevez contemporized That Was Then. His story takes
place in the 1980‘s rather than the '50's of I-linton’a novel. "It
was a decision made by the producers and myself, based on
a couple of things,” Esteveadimlosea. 1'One, an in" ﬂour

November 6. 1935'

Somethingabout’

 

 

budget, it’s hard to shoot a period picture and get the right

cars and the right setting and pay attention to details of
clothing and dialogue. We didn’t want to deal with that.
Another thing is that I think (updating) makes it more accesi-
ble to the young people now going to films."

Susan Hinton primarily avoided direct association with
the project, though privy to the alterations made. "The only
thing I really conferred with her about,” divulges Estevez,
"was contemporizing the novel. I called and said 'Look, this
is Chris (Cain's) thought. These are my thoughts. We think
for various reasons we'd like to contemporize this.’ She said,
'Sure, as long as the characters remain intact I don't have a
Problem. You could set this in 1920 as long as the characters
retain the same flavor they have in the novel.’ She had no
problem with that.”

Neither did Estevez. As an eighties actor and man, he felt
no pressure writing for actors his age. "I think it was easy for
me to write that dialogue. (Though) I had a problem writing
Some of the descriptions and trying to make them visual. I
didn't have a problem with the dialogue because, being an
actor, when I read a cringeable line," he says cringing in
mock disgust, "I know ‘That just doesn’t sound right and
(think) ’How am I going to work around this. If an actor
finds a line difficult to read than the line Is probably not
written ri t."

That wsals‘ then. this Is now. On October 18,1985. four
and: half disposed calandmlaten Emilioﬂrtevea watched;

'l

life to date,” he shouts, "to sit in that screening room and see
Screenplay By. My heart started racing. I was having an anx-
iety attack and thought I was going to collapse."
According to Estevez, Hinton also enjoyed the picture. "I
spoke to her on the phone,.(but) I couldn’t get her to admit
she thought it was the. best one. But I know, I think it's the

‘ best one out of the four~novels that were translated to film,”

he contends. "I think it stays the most honest to the novel."

Estevez describes That Was Then as his "swan song” to
teenage movies. "I’m in my early twenties right now. I
.should be playing roles that are 21, 22, or 23 years old,” he
"maintains, noting That, Was Their needed to be made
because of its message concerning love. "It’s a love story bet-
ween two boys. If a kid walks out of the theatre thinking it’s
OK to be afraid, OK to fear . . .I mean, we are in the Ram-
bo age, where it is so important to be tough, be hard as nails,
to let nothing affect you, to be hip and cool, and have
everything together. For these kids it must be a tenible wa
'to live, not being able to express their fears. If they can walk
out of film and say to themselves it's OK to cry, it's OK
to be vulnerable, it's OK to express feelings to parents, to

-my friends, to someone else, than maybe we'll have a lot
fewer teen suicides.” ‘ , <

Following the completion of St. Elmo's Fire, Estevez ac-
cepted a role in Stephen King's Overdrive, the prolific hor-

. rormeister's maiden directorial effort. The young actor con-
siders Overdrive an "action film" which he undertook simp<
ly to enjoy himself. "I needed to get that out of my system.
In 1984 I did Breakfast Club, That Was Then, and St.Elmo’s,
in that order as far as shooting them. I needed to do
something that was a little less talky, like a Clint Eastwood
type‘ of film," Estevez mutters.

"So I had a five, six day growth on my face, and I slicked
back my hair a la Don johnson. I had an earring. So I did my
action film. I play the hero and I get the girl and I blow
everything up. It was great, just great. We had a terrific time
making it."

Overdrive is based on “Trucks,” a short story from the
Nightshift anthology, which King adapted for the screen. "It
was his script, which he made larger than life. so I had to
keep thinking of myself almost as a cartoon type of
character," Estevez says. “It’s a-wild movie. I haven't seen it
yet, but there’s a lot of special effects and craziness. It‘s
about a comet which enters our atmosphere and changes the
way machines operate. Machines actually rebound on
humans. Trucks drive by themselves. Electric knives and
lawn mowers go crazy. It’s wild."

Off the set, Estevez views himself as a serious young man.
His fame affords him certain obvious comforts, however,
the heat the spotlight generates often burns those on which
it is focused. Perhaps the most painful wound inflicted upon
Estevez was the over-publisized "Brat Pack” article in New
Yorker magazine. Though Estevez discusses the matter at

length, he obviously regrets his naivete at being placed in .

such a situation.

"The Brat Pack is really a laughable thing right now. You
can't give it any credence, any more power than it already
has because you'll get angry, you’ll get upset, and it’s just a
waste of energy. Although I did get upset when I read it for
the first time," admits Estevez, shaking his head. "There’s
nothing creative about that piece. What this writer failed to
realize was that there was this group of young men who are
hard working individuals who care about their craft. Ap-
parently he didn’t see that. He exploited a night out with the
guys. It was written from a very bitchy point of view. I
think the author's jealousy came out a lot in the article ,
more than anythingselse.”

“To tell you the truth, I spent three nights with him, ac-
tually afternoons and evenings. I took him to the scoring
stage where they were doing some of the music for That
Was Then. I took him to lunch at Hard Rock Cafe, just he
and I. We talked about all kinds of things - ihe evolu-
tionary process of That Was Then, from picking up the
book to the final version. We talked about all these things.
Thursday night, It started on Monday, we go out to the I
Hard Rock with all the guys, which I was advised not to do,”
he chuckles nastily. "I went against all the advice i‘d been
given. He made an announcement to the table that ‘this Is all
off the record.’ Sure enough, If you‘ve read the piece, It was
all on the record."

Fro. lit to non . mill?“ eqtgvez, Graig Shelter, ad organ reeman.
4 screening of his film. "It’was one of the biggest thrills of my

   

_ ‘1

i  it?

 

The article, though, may have berm a blessing in disguise.
"They say bad press is as good as good press. I don‘t know.
It's made me very guarded as far as the press is concerned.
It’s really made me come in here wearing a coat of armor,"
Estevez accurately asserts. “I'm just more prepared now than
I was at that time. That article was a learning experience. So,
I take it as that. It’s history. If I'm looking back over my
shoulder, and I'm worried about all that, I’m only going to
fall forward instead of move forward."

As a result of the article, the members of the "Brat Pack"
are an even closer group than before. Even Estevez' ac-
celerated interests aren't leading trim away from his friends,
who include Ally Sheedy, ludd Nelson, Andrew McCarthy,
Rob Lowe, and fiancee Demi Moore. “Everyone is very sup-
portive. There are no ill feelings of jealousy between myself
and the others that are at certain stages in their careers,"
testifies Estevez. "It's very supportive and just not
competetive."

Nor does any competition exist between EsteVez and his
father, Martin Sheen. “Oh, he's accepted the fact that I've
superceded him," howls Estevez. "My career is so much dif-
ferent from his. I'm going off into areas like directing and
writing and I’m evolving, whereas he's content with being
an actor. I think he's going to dabble in directing, but he's
been content for the last twenty-two years being an actor. I
have to move on. It's part of my evolution."

Part of that "evolution" rested in disassociating himself
from the Sheen name. “The family name comes from Spain.
My grandfather's name is Francisco Estevez and I chose to
use that name because I didn’t want to seem like I was riding
on the success of my father. and his name," explains Btevez,
running his fingers through his closely cropped dirty-blond
hair. “If I was going to do it, it was going to be based on
talent and not on who I knew and what connections I had, if
any. So it was very important for me. At the time I was ad-
vised to change the name to Sheen. 'It would be much easier
for everyone to understand.’ 'I wouldn’t get work as
Estevez.’ ’It was just too big a hurdle to overcome.’ "

Having chosen Estevez, the actor proceeded to leap near-
ly every major hurdle. The selective service, however, trip‘
ped him up. Estevez refused to register for the draft and
didn’t until four and a half years after the deadline. "The let-
ters from the selective service started getting shorter and
shorter. First they said ’We realize you may be out of town.
Would you please sign here,’ " Estevez recalls, speaking in a
ridiculing fashion. "Garbage. Then they got shorter and
they'd be like ‘Do this or it's ten years in prison and ten
thousand dollars.‘ Again, garbage. Then they started geting
really nasty. They said 'Look, we are going to come over to
your house and cart you away.’ At that point (I registered).
If the draft is revived, as it may very well be, we’ll see what

, happens then."

"I really object to killing anyone for any purpose, on any
land. I don't think I can be shipped off to Central America
and go kill one of my brothers, you know. That's the
strange thing. Think of the Hispanic population in this coun-
try now. In Los Angeles, by the year 2000, it's going to be
fifty percent Hispanic surnames. How are these guys going
to feel, who are new American citizens, about getting
drafted and sent down to Central America? If the conflict
does arise there, how are they going to feel facing their
brothers on the other side of the line? I wonder if our
government has considered that."

On the lighter side, Estevez' two close friends Andrew
McCarthy and Rob Lowe recently held a conversation dur-
ing which McCarthy told Lowe, "I see you as part of the
great tradition of Bobs: Bob DeNiro, Bob Redford, Bob

‘Culp, Bob Denver,and Bob Lowe."

Estevez slaps hard at his leg, smiles broadly, and laughs
loudly at the quote, but turns serious when asked seriously
where he pictures himself thirty or forty years down the
line. "I see myself as continuing to work, and continuing to
make films," Estevez predicts. “I‘ve been given an incredible
opportunity, and I don't want to blow it. Unless I really
screw up badly, I expect to continue making films, continue
to write. That doesn‘t mean I'm going to be exclusive to my
own projects. I'll work just as an actor In some films."

"Every day I'm discovering what life has to offer me,"
Emilio Estevez chimes. "I'm having the time of my life right
now." Ci

 

