 

 

 

More than just
beer balls

Last Friday approximately 500 students
stormed the administration building demanding
that the University reconsider its recent decision to
ban bulk containers in dorm rooms.

Amidst the cries of “The students united will
never be defeated!” and shouting matches of
“Tastes great. . .Less filling!" hundreds of
students charged through the halls of the
administration building, stopping first to loudly
present their views to University President Vincent
O'Leary. But although few students knew it at the
time, their demands echoed through an empty
office: O'Leary was out of town.

“On to Frank's office," shonted Student
Association President and rally leader Steve
Gawley. And with that, the crowd took off for the
Office of Vice President for Student Affairs Frank
Pogue, who, along with O'Leary. recommended
to University Council early this month that kegs
be banned from dorm rooms.

As the mob of angry students reached his office,
Pogue got up from his desk, walked out of his
office. and faced the protesters.

He shook a lot of hands and listened for about
20 minutes to what students had to say. He didn't
change his stance on banning bulk containers. but
he did try to explain why he believed the policy
should be implemented.

Although Pogue is unlikely to change his
position on this issue. he’s earned our admiration
and respect for having the courage to address the
students on a hotly contested decision. We
commend him for an unusual display of
administrative balls.

Many thanks

in keeping with the tradition of Thanksgiving.
let's pause for a moment to reflect on the many
things we have to be thankful for.
>The SUNY Board of Trustees. along with
several other Universities across the nation.
divested its holdings in companies that do business
in South Africa.
>The Geneva summit. although little more than a
beginning. gives us new hope for world peace.
>An escort service that had already escorted
more students by the middle of this semester than
they had in all of last semester.
> Dwight Gooden and Don Mattingly.

Obviously. this barely touches the surface of the

numerous reasons for us to be thankful. But let's
not forget the concerns we must still work to
improve.
>Despite much student protest last year, the
“W” policy is still in effect. Anyone daring
enough to try a new or difficult course had 10 days
to try it out. Students who couldn't make it after
10 days. paid for it with a “W”.
>The Great Dane football team didn't make the
NCAA's this year. even though they had an 8-2
record that included some tough opponcnents.
NCAA officials selected the playoff teams based
solely on quantity of wins without giving fair
consideration to the quality of opponents.
>46 percent of incoming frosh and transfers
found themselves living in increased occupancy
this year. Getting adjusted to the University is
enough of a challenge. without having to spend
the first few weeks sharing a two-person rooru
with three or four other students.
>The 21—year-old drinking age will take effect on
December 1. denying lli-20-year old citizens, who
can vote, marry and fight in a war. the right to go
into a bar and order a beer.
DBeginning next Fall. SUNYA students will be
paying about $95 more per year to live on campus,
as part of a new plan to eliminate all state
subsidies for the dorms. making them self-
sufficient.

There are. thankfully. ways to change these
problems. While we’ve much to be thankful for.
there's still some improvements to be made before
we can celebrate a perfect Thanksgiving.

 

 

 

 

 

College Press Service

 

 

MVAFD issue W may will: Hitting

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Who Write a Column?

it is an effort to increase reader influence and reader in-
put concerning the contents of the newspaper- That's
what the column section is: A home for contributions to
the paper written by the readers. it's an editorial by the
readership and it illustrates the obligation of a good paper
to go beyond news gathering and reporting to print issues
written by, and of concern to. the reader. it is. likewise. a
move which takes the story out of the hands of reporters
and gets the issue handled by the peruser. the critics and
the skeptics who feel reader opinion is of tantamount
value to the challenge of a good papers duty to do more
than merely report only the news. A column is something
which is written for human interest. Consequently, all
columns can be said to be written by experts. that is. ex-
perts on the art of reader interest.

[Roger Barnes

Often columns are political in nature. Just look at the
many written by Fred Tabarcci (Sept. 20. Nov. 22) or lna
Poilack's column on Jews in the Soviet Union (Nov. 6).
Many students write concerning prejudice in this society
or other areas of the world. The column section is often
employed by readers to expose bias, discrimination. in-
tolerance. injustice, hatred. fear or violence that the
writer feels should be brought to the attention of the en-
tire student body. Minority, racial, ethnic and national
groups are usually the victims of injustice. but the ig-
noramus can have anyone or anything as a target. For one
reason or another. the editors and staff of this paper may
not cover an issue. it may have been overshadowed (in
our eyes) by a more important event. The column section
allows the reader to direct attention to a specific subject
that is of interest to him (or her). But a column does not
always have to be concerned with social reform.

Columns can also focus on problems that are in-
digenous to the SUNYA campus. For example. when
David Pratt (Nov. 15) wished to make the school aware of

 

 

the burden placed on Resident Assistants by the new
drinking regulations, he took advantage of the column
section in the ASP. And when Larry Hartman felt
students might forget the importance of free elections,
when he feared student voter apathy, he reminded the
campus of our privelege in an article entitled “Vote!
Vote! Vote!" (Nov.1)

There are also charities. social events. special days and
even telethons which may escape the notice of the papers
editors. Or maybe there are some unsung heroes you'd
like the world to know about. Eric Blaha (Nov. 12) sent in
a column when he wanted everyone to realize what a
significant history greeks had on campus.‘He also threw
in a little section about how great he felt the greeks were.
Well, that's Eric for you.

There have been a great many subjects addressed in the

columns section. All which woo reader interest because

they are written by readers. in short, the column is the
readers voice- that's what makes it special and unique
from the rest of the paper.

We. the editors of the ASP, formally invite all our
readers to say what they feel we should know. Why.
because when this is not done. the leading casuality is an
idea. a thought. a feeling or belief that is cherished by
you. the reader. As an expert on what is important to
humans. as an expert on being human. we’d like you to
expose your views.

We invite you to share a human opinion. And one does
not have to be editorial pages editor to know the value of
human opinion.

Who can write a column in the ASP? Everyone can.
Are we intersted in being enlightened by your opinion?
Well. you can just bet your bouncing baby blue booties
we are. After all, that’s what a column section is all
about.

 

Roger Barnes is the Editorial Pages Editor of the ASP.

 

In: no sro: By GARY LARSON

 

L0 I‘Jlifr ilmvulaill i‘ruu Sylldlcntu

  
    
  

 

T.“
Dru"

(. " \ Paco-Av” 
 Mia‘s-u. ~
“£0047 7'

“radio—‘
edgy

 

 

 

 

 

 

il'lii

 

L um'. Iliummm i‘l'r'.‘. ’./r.'l v.1".

 

 

 

 

"Whooi This lusi looks like regular spaghettii 
Where's my Eorthworms Alfredo?"

 

 

 

 

  

"« s't't t’s‘s‘s s‘t'. i't’s

 

Greek esprit

To the Editor:

This past Week Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity. sponsor
of TKE Week. took advantage of an opportunity to
~ reveal some of the true spirit not often recognized in
Greek life. The TKE brothers gathered last Wednesday
and proceeded to collect seve'ral bags of leaves and pine
needles as well as scattered garbage. Thursday’s Movie
Night offered students a chance to substitute a typical
Thursday out with a quiet evening on campus. The TKE
Keg Roll. which received coverage from both TV 10 and
WNYT. consisted of a nonstop 50 mile relay around the
academic podium. TKE accepted pledges from students
that added up to $800. That will be donated to St. Judes
Children’s Research Hospital. Today, TKE will be found
downtown on Hamilton Street raking and cleaning. The
ﬁnal event is TKE Night at the Little Horn this Tuesday
(tonight). The brothers hope to see everyone there in

celebration of a week of fun and charity. _
——Erlc Biaha
Public Relations Chairman
Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity

A beef on chicken ,

To the Editor:

We would like to take this opportunity to publicly con-
gratulate the University Auxilary Service on its incredible
sense of originality and creativity. Where else can you get
such a wide variety of foods under the same roof?

in the past month we’ve had 1-4 chicken. chicken rice
soup, chicken noodle soup, chicken chow mein. deep
fried chicken. chicken parmesian. chicken wings, chicken
nuggets, “Lightly Browned Roast Chicken,” and chicken
sandwich on a sesame roll. They even reached across the
globe to bring us Hawaiian chicken (thanks, UAS).

Notice anything slightly familiar about these entrees?

‘ specta

 

ElllhIIIIrod In 1010
Neldl J. nulls. Editor In Chief
Dccn Chang. Joseph Fuocc. Managing Editors

Allcla Olmbcrn. Juno: O'Sulllvnn
..... ..le Conway. Bill Jacob
ilonc Walnctcln
.L

New. Edllou................
Asoocinto News Editor

 

 

ASPIcII Editor.................
Anoelltc ASPectI Editor

"up, can...
.. 2....

" ~Mir-hm Eek

 

Auccinto Sport- Editc

 
 

 

 

 

SPORTS E M-m Ecrrnln
Editorial Page: Editor. Roger Barnes
Minority Ail-hr- F'iitm Paul Stewart

John Kenn-n, Senior Editor

Contributing Editors Dun Bolt. Dcvld L.L. Laakln. Wayne Pccrcboom
Editorial Aorist-nil: Karen E. Buck. Hal:th Branlow. Ken Dcrnbnum, Butte
Dumbo, Brenda Schaalicr Preview Editor: Pam Schustcrnun sun writers:
OIIVII Abel, Jim Avcry. Rana Bablch. Drive Blotto, Lccllc Chalt. Ethan Cnszin.
inn Clements. Andrea Carson. Mike Dcrmansky. Colleen Dcslsuricr. Scott
Elsenlhal, Cathy Errlg. Marc Fenian, Linda Gracnbora. Lila Jackal. David
Knsc. Stacey Kern. Melissa Knoll. Mark Kobrlnaky. Corey Lovitnn. Caryn
Mloko. stave Raspa. Lisa Filzzolo. Polar Sends. Marlo santccroco. David
Spalding. oren Sohlomy, Rick Swanson, Michael Skolnlck. Jim Thompson.
Angelina Wang. Evan Waissmnn. Frank Yunkor

Margin Rounthll. Business Manager
Stephanie Ochcnlul. Auoclalu Business Manager
Mauro Kcllctt, Jcclti MIdicroky. Advertising Managers
Dun Flollhor. Sales Manager

mm": Amy Sllblr
Payroll bupcrvilor .........................................................................Fellcl|Cassette
i-Hrn Bllnu. Trlclc Paul
Advertising all": Koren Ambler. Frank Colo. Gummy Divingilo, Drew Fung.
Fiioh Lllt. Michelin Pllsti. Donna Schralber Advertising Production: Grog
Behranot. Belay Eorrclll. Eilacn Chen. Alysa Margciln. Annette Mueller, Bath
Puma. Eric Roth. Michael Schillro. Pam Shapiro. Roxanne Trombicy Ollie.
Stall: Llu Blchlcr. Jcnnltor Chocalcl
Kim-n Cllll, tit-van Flnhcrty. Assoc/ale Production Manager:
c"‘.| Tuna-MAI irr-nnlnn Dunuuo
'fyplstc: Lsurc Balms, Linda Chloutcr. Sal D'Arnato, Jeannine Fclganblum.
Grace Flood. Tracie Poul. inga Sadlcvsky. Pam Btraubcr Puts-up: Chris Cul-
cman. Nancy Crcmcn, E. Phlliip Hoover. Todd cho. Heather Sandncr, Amy
Eller. D. Darrel am. M.D. Thompson Ch-uitcun Jlm L-ily

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Service. c student

rou .
ghicrl’hologrcphcr: Kenny Kirsch Ui‘b Stall: Mich-oi Aokcrman. ahlri Albcrt,.
Myml Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Dlililll. Chuck Ginsberg. Ezra Maurcr. Mark
Medicvlllo. Llu stnrmonl, Llnnu Spoiling. Erle- Bplcgll. Tanya stools. Cathy
Blrouu. Howard Tygcr. Mark Vlcllllil

Entire contents copyright it“ Albany Student Press Corporation, all rights
ronmd

the Albany Bludcnl Pull in publilhod Tuudlyl Ind Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. In independent
not-lor-prolit corpornlion.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Ghlct with members oi the Editorch
Board: policy In subject to rovin by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily rctlocl editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany student Frau, 00 829
140i) Wuhlngton Avc.

Aibmy. NV I
(516) «Z-MWWWZ

 

 

 

 

We didn’t realize that October was National Chicken
Month. What’s the deal? is Frank Perdue planning the
menus?

if it's not the chicken, it‘s roast beef, which has hid
under the following aliases: roast round of beef, UAS
sandwich Au Jus on roll. regular roast beef, or our per-
sonal favorite. the famed beef sauerbratcn with “brown
gravy" (what the hell is ‘brown gravy'?).

You can be sure that it will be one of the above almost
50 percent of the time. What’s going on? Please. no more
roast beef or chicken. maybe just for one week.

—Doug Lankler
' —Jeff Brodsky

Sclerosis busters

To the Editor:

This is to inform the University community of the
Students Against Multiple Sclerosis (SAMS) Program.

Our main event is the Rock Alike — rock star look
alike contest. What this involves is students imper-
sonating rock stars in their videos. Each contestant will
have the opportunity to represent Albany State in a na-
tional contest run by MTV. MTV will film a video of the
contestant’s performance and the ﬁnals of the contest will
be seen on MTV. The winner of the entire contest will be
given a summer internship at MTV.

The whole Rock Alike event is an effort to raise funds
for the vital research of Multiple Sclerosis. a
neurologically disabilitating disease,,that primarily af-
fects people 17-34. Just when you’re beginning to live,
Multiple Sclerosis can strike. We at Albany State are out
to bust Multiple Sclerosis, and if Albany raises the most
money, then MTV will give a concert here at Albany next
fall. This free concert will be filmed and then aired on
MTV.

So get involved. sign up to be a contestant, help get the
free concert for Albany State, but most of all, let’s get
together and bust Multiple Sclerosisl ‘

—Ann Fuclto
Chairperson
The Students Against Multiple Sclerosis Campus Board

Wrong rallyr

To the Editor:

Last Friday it appeared as if the Student Association
added a notch onto their belt of successes due to the large
turnout at the protest of the Ban or Kegs and Beerballs.
However, such an assertion depen
of “success.” it is indeed possible to regard the result of
this rally as being an utter failure, or rather a reﬂection of
the failure of college students to empathize with "real"
problems directly facing various groups in today’s world
and ultimately affecting the world as a whole.

There have been on this campus a number of events
whose purposes were directed at providing a forum for
learning. or the expression. of student concern and sup-
port. Some example are the rally against apartheid and
Jean Kilbourne’s presentation on women‘s portrayal in
the media. Although both events were moderately suc-
cessful. in terms of student interest. neither attracted the
number of students that was attracted to this past Fri-
day’s rally.

Granted. the alcohol policy of this university is
something which directly affects the lives of 21 year olds
living on campus (however few of them there are - surely
this number is signiﬁcantly less than the number of
students who participated in the rally. This leaves one
wondering about the motives behind the incredible
display of enthusiasm.) However. it is important for
students or responsible citizens fortunate enought to at-
tend an institution of “higher learning" to "extend"
themselves to issues which they see are not directly affec-
ting them.

Most likely a close examination of issues such as apar-
theid. the oppression of women, and alcohol abuse would
make students aware of the fact that our interrelation-
ships with each other render us all as being hopelessly
connected.

—Wendy L. Cervl

The final toast

To the Editor:

The following is in response to the recent protest of the
new SUNYA policy banning kegs and beer-balls.

So SA President Steve Gawiey and his cohorts feel their
rights are being infringed upon by not being allowed to
consume kegs of beer within their own rooms? And
Gawley feels the new policy is "ridiculous" and
“nonfunctional”?

Well. it is my belief that parties at which kegs of beer
are present rarely are contained within the privacy of
one’s own room. 'i‘hcse parties. while being a lot of fun
and fine opportunities to meet people. more often than
not. cause problems. i believe many people leave these
parties out of control, and wind up infringing the rights
oftheir fellow students. i feel the right to peace and quiet.
vomit~frce bathrooms and stairweiis. and operational exit
lights and bathroom stall doors far outweigh the conceiv-

. Ad. till!“ *0. some lame. samurai. shalom". PP. . .

'on one’s deﬁnition '

already too crowded living environment. Large amounts
of alcohol and large numbers of people in the small living
areas within dorms simply is not functional.

This new policy represents needed measures to control
alcohol consumption by those who will not have the
privilege (80 percent plus). and is not an attack on the
small percentage. who will be 21 on December 1. if
nothing else, the "Rat" will still be available to those who
are of age. So, for those who will not be 21 by December
1, 1985, and are demonstrating against SUNYA policy,
any question regarding alcohol policy (and you) is moot.
Your efforts will prove fruitless (no pun intended). So
whether anyone chooses to join Steve Gawley in sitting on
a keg all winter long outside the Administration building
in protest to SUNYA policy, New York State law and
SUNYA policy will not change.

1 would like to convey my sincere regrets to those of
you whose social life revolves around alcohol. Also. my
apologies to you. the cavalier few who are able to conduct
themselves civilly while sitting in a dormitory drinking a
keg of brew. Cheers.

—-Laurence Fitzpatrick

No ladies please

To the Editor:

The ERA never did get ratiﬁed. if it had, perhaps i
wouldn’t have to write this letter. i am appalled at the
blatently sexist language on several campus bathroom
doors. Why must this institute of higher learning have 3
Men’s room meanwhile, right next door. a Ladies room?
Being an English major, 1 am particularly sensitive to the
use of language; 1 am also forced to be reminded of the
double standard every time i walk down the Humanities
building hall. 1 know there are many other SUNYA
bathroom doors which purvey the message that women
must act as ladies while men are simply men. This is not a
petty concern! 1 am extremely irritated by this brazen lack
of respect for the power of words. A university should be
a model of progressive thought. The fact that this situa-
tion exists here is embarassing to us all. l'm sure it would
not be that much of an ordeal for this inequity to be
remedied. in the interest of the university at large, 1 ap-
peal to whomever is in charge of painting messages on the
bathroom doors to change Ladies to Women, thus recti-
fying this sexism once and for all.

King of chess

To the Editor:

Many of you out there may not have heard. but the
world has a new chess champion. 22 year old Gary
Kasparov of Russia. Actually, only several years ago he
was known as Gary Epstein to friends and relatives; that
is. until Soviet authorities realized that they had a poten-
tial world champion on their hands. Unfortunately. a
Jewish-sounding name does not complement the image of
Russian sporting and intellectual superiority that the
Kremlin wishes to maintain.

Neverless, despite the new and ‘improved' name.
Kasparov’s victory did not bring tears of joy to the eyes
of leading Soviet bureaucrats. Kasparov is an outsider. a
provincial. and the demise of Anatoly Karpov as world
champion has undoubtedly collapsed an entire mini chess
bureaucracy of syncophants who have encrusted
themselves about him in Moscow during the past ten
years.

The match was gruelling. but far less so than their first
one which was cancelled after 50 games had been played
with no clear result. This time, however, there was no
doubt as to who the better player was. On several occa-
sions the normally sober Soviet chess fans present as spec-
tators during the match burst out in wild applause. checr-
ing and whistling after dazzling surprise moves by
Kasparov. '

—Jane Szlasa

Chess has. over the past two centuries. seen some ec-
centric champions, to say the least. Alexander Alekhinc.
the greatest of the Soviet players of the early 201h cen-
tury. once became so furious upon losing an important
game that he knocked over all the pieces. climbed on the
table, and proceeded to urinate on the chessboard. Dutch
champion Dr. Max Euwe was a noted psychiatrist. and
who could forget the antics of America's own Bobby
Fisher. considered by many to be the most talented player
yet seen. Bobby's temper tantrums were legendary. and
he delighted in infuriating the Russian chess establish-
ment by consistently showing up late and sometimes not
at all during the 1972 championships in Reykjavik.
lceland. in fact. most chess enthusiasts are keeping a
flame burning in the hope that Fisher will come out of his
self-imposed premature retirement and again mow down
the top Russian chess wizards. The Russians had never
agreed to the stringentconditionsliisher had demanded for
the defense of his FIDE (Federation international: Des
Eehecs) title. but Kasparov is a different sort of man than
Karpov, and it is not conceivable that a match could be
somehow arranged-a reui chess battle of the century.

AnywayI l'm sure 1 echo the sentiments of the world in
conveying congratulations to the youngest champion in
chess history, Gary (Epstein) Kasparov.

~-~Andrew Brooks

?v

4k

 

