 

   
   

 

 

   

 

26. Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 1:1 TUESDA y, FEBR n.4th 12,. teas

W°men gymnasts ran  unbeatemnksé 

By Sarah V. Schuss

The Albany State Gymnasts were both
excited and disappointed at the end of
their tr‘i-meet against Salem State and MIT
this past Saturday afternoon.'- Although
the Dane gymnasts suffered their first
defeat of the season. they also scored a

season high of 152.3. The Danes were.

barely nipped by Salem State. who scored
a mere 8 tenths of a point higher than the
Danes.'M1T. scoring 121.75, came in 3rd
place. ‘

For the Dane women, it was difﬁcult to
accept defeat- perhaps even more so when
it's by fractions of a point. For example. 8
tenths of a point is worth possibly one fall
on the balance beam and two bent knees.
When asked to comment on the meet.

Coach Pat Duval-Spillane noted,
“Losing by .8 won’t
bring us down - it’s a
great incentive to
Work harder.”
—-Capt. Lynn ‘Saravis

 

“Granted. everybody likes to win. but we
were really shooting to break the 150.00
mark this meet, and we reached our goal. 1
was really pleased with a 152.30. and the
team was also. We keep on improving, and
that’s what really counts."

One asset of the Dane gymnastics team
is their depth. in the NCAAs. six women
compete on each event, and the top 5
scores count toward the overall team
score. Therefore, it is not enough to have
one or two stando‘t’rt gymnasts in the
lineup. The Danes have been scoring con-
sistently in all four events all season long. .V
One look'at an Albany scoresheet would
show all five contributing scores to be
within tenths of each. othethluniolr Karenu

Thamasett.:'_ fro" .Yest'al. "my" I summed; H

uneven parallel bars. ' g

Vaulting proved to be a strong event for
the Danes.'who took ﬁrst place as a team-
in the event. Sophmore Susan Leskowitz's
powerful vault scored an 8.45. and won
her ﬁrst place. Junior Brenda Armstrong
followed in second place with an 8.35.
Karen Bailey. Karen Thamasett-and Terri
Sokol all scored in the high 7's to help
Albany score their seasonal high of 39.90
for the event. . ' _‘ ,

Albany had afew form breaks-Von the
uneven parallel bars but still managed to
score well. Sophmore Leslie Steckel, con-‘
sistently strong for Albany all season, took
second place, with an 8.2. Steckel's score
became Albany’s new seasonal record.
breaking her 7.85 scored earlier in.the
season.

After the first two events, .05 seperated
the Danes from Salem State. It was not a
strong day for Albany on the balance
beam, when crucial tenths of pointswere
given up over a few concentration breaks .
and falls. Salem State proved to be very
solid on the beam. taking ﬁrst and second ‘
places. Senior Jennifer Cieary pulled
through for Albany State scoring a 7.8,
taking 3rd place. -

Salem's tumbling couldn't outscore
Albany's form and grace on the floor ex-
cercise. Sophmore Karen Davis let her
strong dance background shine through.
starting the Danes off to a strong ﬁnal
event. Sophmore Nora Bellantoni's
energetic routine scored an 8.1 . putting her
in second place. Once-again. Freshman
Michelle Husak took firstplace, scoring
8.5. Husak’s strong tumbling and dance
has been a winning combination all season
long. '

Duval—Spillane was: very pleased with
her team's floor excercise performances.
“Gymnastics is a creative sport. and our
team can really carry itself well out there.
on the floor excereise. Each gymnast really

 

 

 

lets herindividuality. shine through during“. .. , .

.Jler routine. You can tell right away by.the= .5
gnarled musichhpicastheyjnsel‘u u.‘  I -, m»..-

“P'he‘aam"5'iee"""ils" "Each “listiieiiisi: w .4" iim-A'hdmnndtﬂaiesnrMSItlemis

as important “to: the team. asﬂthe , nent.
Whether it'sin'th'e' points. “or spirit. pref-
fort, or anything." ' ' ‘
Albany scored seasonal team highs for 3
out of 4 events. with the exception of the

"acme" Place. second Pit-11:...Capital

By lan Clements
smrr WRITER

When’-the Albany State men’s indoor
track team travelled to RP! Friday for the
Capital District meet they sought to
revenge last week's dual meet loss to the
Engineers. But RPl used balanced scoring
to amass 91 points and defeat the Danes
and three other area schools.

Albany.finished second with 92 points.
Union (70). Hudson Valley (25) and Siena
(15) were the other participants.

“RPl won the meet by scoring in all 18
events." said Albany Coach Bob Munsey,
“ that's good team balance."

Albany failed to score in three events.
"That kind of hurts," said Munsey.

With one dqu meet remaining. the
Danc’s record is 3-4.

Paul Marice's nine points were the most
scored by any Dane. He triple jumped two
feet over his,best mark of the season to win
with 44’ 3". V
His third place long jump was 20' 2.5".

Bruce Van Tassel did a “fantastic job"
to win the 50 meter high hurdles in 7.2
seconds. Munscy said.

Though Marc Mcrcurio had by his stan-
dards an “off day". he still managed to
uncork a toss of 52' 7.75“ to easily win the
35-pound weight.

Albany's final winner of the night was
senior lid Mc(iiil. The red-haired Bosto-
nian faced a weak field in the 5000-mcter
rttrt and cruised to it rather slow 15:53.2.

Munsey said the “highlight” of the meet
for the Purple anti Gold Was the 800 meter
run. The Danes finished second through

I_Armstrong took second place.,scoring her
seasonal best of 31.00.. - ’

:‘Gobieils .(32‘95ttaltd melanomas): took: .«

first and third places. ~Alba’ny's Brenda

“We're happy With ‘Iour 152." said

ﬁfth in that event. behind RPl's ‘Eric
Waterman. ‘

Clinton Bell led the pack in 2:02.6. edg-
ing David Blette by one-tenth of a second.
Charles Blanchet (2:04.9) and Craig
Barlato (2:05.5) were right behind.

Bell also had the faétest Albany leg of
the 4x400 meter'relay which finished se-
cond. He ran 53.7 on the opening leg to
hand off in the first. ‘

Because of those performances he won
the Red Feather, which is awarded to
Albany's outstanding competitor of each
mcet. ‘

Other members of the 4x400 relay were
Ed Levy. John Reilly and Pat Saccocio.

The Dane's other relays also placed se-
cond. All four members of the 4x800 team

run between 2:04.2 and 2:04.7. The, team

of Padraig Paul. Barlato. Blanchet and
Blette ran 8: 17.9. .

The distance medley relay ran 10:49.9 to
finish two seconds behind Union. McGlll
opened with a 2:04 BOO-meter leg. Errol
Johnston (400 rnqters, 55.6) passed to Tom
Kacande's (1200 meters. 3:16). Jim Erwin.
running with a cold. anchored the team
(1600 meters. 4:33).
Mike Riggins and Saccocio finished third
and fifth rcspcclchly, in the 45 meter dash
behind Union's David Allan. who tied the
track record of 5.4 held by former Albany
greats Hownrd Williams and Mitch
Harvard.

Reilly plnccd second behind state cham-
pion Winston liritton in the 400 meter
dash.

Saccocio finished fourth in the

‘Brorrda Armstrong'altdmp'tb‘tho 1's I

senior‘captain: Lynn ‘SaraiIisl “We'rcialso

looking forward to meeting Salemhgaina't':

:he BCAC's. Losing by .8 -won't.bring:ris*

:lowné it's great'incentive to Work harden." .-

The'Dane gymnasts are constantly 1m-

)roving as they try for a bid into the '

500-meter dash in l:11.8. I -
Albany'went’3~4 in the 1000 meter run.
Kacandes ran-2:42 and Jack Glaser ran
2:423. Glaser. 's'aid Munsey. “did a damn
good job." I . V .
Freshman Pedro» Valerio hung onto
RPl’s Scott ,LeMay until the All-American
kicked to victory in the 1500-meter rung.
Valerio‘was s'écond in 4:205 _
. Three other freshman performed well in
the field events. . '

Bob Balachrﬁidron clinched second

place in the tripledump on hisilast attempt). .

t

 

'   ~.

,Sl‘ni smrlri WW 

 

NCAA! m-v.thuva-~~trr‘Joiisinmonshrpw 
.which wtttvbe hosted ‘at Albany—State 'o‘nir-l‘W

=Marc'h- 9thz-Now 6-1,“the D'ané‘gyn‘niasts ’

-.wlll travel to Long IslandtojmeetlDii/l 11'

rival Hofstra and- Bryn Mawr this
Saturday. '- r - i". 111'

He soared 42"8.5"'. His leap of 20’ 1.5"

was good enough for fifth in the long

jump. ' ' I .
Curt Wiedman andrl’at Dowling cap-

tured second and third place in the pole '
vault. Wiedman vaulted 13'. while Dowl-

ing cleared 11’ 6".

The Danes’ next and last dual meet Will
be at Plattsburgh. a team "we normally
beat justtcrribiy," said Munsey.

' Assistant ‘Coach' Chris'Fattacl is op-"

timi'stic ab0ut the team. “1 think we’ll start g ~
_ jelling really soon." he said. 3 ~12]

Districts , -* 

n1

.‘1‘

Dane womentop Plattsburgh.Potsdam‘gx, -, ;_ ’ if

<Bnk Page .55 J _ -
. 40 times, where they collected 29 points.
'f‘l. take nothing. aWRYI from Platt-
sburghifftfsaid' Wartie ‘
the ga‘meas underdog an'

   
  

   

ample'pf how well Plattsb'urgh played is in

Kathy. Harilon’s performance. Hanlon. ,

who was shooting 17 percent. scored 19'
polnts. U ,. . '

“This just 't'g‘oes to show you that you'

can navel ever take a team lightly. This_
prm'edit." said Warner."Most teamswill '

be the underdogs in a game with us. which
puts us in a tough position. but it's a posi-

tion l'd rather be in. We have to play each.

game like it's a championship game." V
Against Potsdam. the Danes got off to it

slow start. but pulled ahead to 32-18 at

halftime. Potsdam never came closer than

8 points. '

I At 7:00 p.rn. tonight the Danes host the

_ playeda very.
nice ball game. Weon the other hand‘wetéf‘
, slow. Our feet were dragging..." One ex”- 

: 2' Dragons inthe, University Gymitl a game
3 thatwill decide first place for thri' league.

' Both teams are quick.’ in '{ih‘elrl‘ last
meeting Cortland came out on top 56:42..

{The Danes were murdered on the boards.

Since then Albany has improvcd'tremenr g
donst in rebounding.   '_ 

“Their Martha »Gorton isva greatt'e'i-
bounder."""said ‘5 Warner. “She outrew.
boundedour whole team the last time. We
now-have more strength under the boards
"and "will hopefully wear them down
inside.""

Thisgame has all the ingredients to turn

(into a thriller. This is not only the Danes

chance to avenge their first loss of the
season. ,but a chance to go into the
SUNYAC championships in first place in
their league. r . ‘

"tt's going to be a good game. llknow
Albany’s ready to go.” said Warner. “We
need all the support we can set.” D

 

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1211983 1:] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

Grappl'erSIose to second’ranked Bi’ng‘hamton

SUNYACs next I.

By Cathy Errig

In ﬁnishing their dual-meet season with
a 30—14 victory over Cortland and a
somewhat disappointing 30-21 loss to
second-ranked Binghnmton Saturday. the
Albany State wrestling team became the
winningest team in Albany State wrestling
history with an oVerall 18~3 record.

The 18 victories surpass the former
record of 17 set by the 1981-82 Dane grap-
plers. and the .600 winning percentage
equals the former high of the‘ 1973-74
Dane grapplers.

The record-breaking victory over Cor-
tland was highlighted by l 18-pound Shawn
Sheldon pinning Cortland’s Jim Collet in,
2:57. and, at 158. Andy Seras' technical
superiority over Kim Fleischer. At 126.

Dave Averill remained undefeated .with-a.

7-1 decision over Joe Brillo, and Marty
Pidcl, wrestling at 167, was also a winner,
getting an 8-0 decision.

Against Bin'ghamton. however. the nag-
ging Dane injuries once again surfaced.
and proved too much for the Dane grap-
plers to overcome. The match began ex~
tremer well for Albany, with victories by
Sheldon, Averill. and John Balog. 134), in

 

 

DAVE IIMC UPS

THE GRAPPLER WALTZ — Three-time All-American Andy Sores looks to puts away
his opponent. The Dance lost to Blnghamton. but Saree was triumphant.

the ﬁrst three matches. and seras adding
six points with a technical superiority. Jim
Fox. (142). and Matt Ryan. (190), both
recovering from injuries, were defeated. as
was 177 pounder Sandy Adelstein, suffer-
ing from the flu.

“it was a disappointing loss." said
coach Joe DeMeo. “We‘re still coming off
of injuries and are not tip to 100 percent.
not up to our best. Our team morale has
not dropped, though. We’re going to just
try and live up to our potential which is all

you can do in sports."

Thai potential has made them the winn-
ingest team in the team's history not only
in terms of victories. in DeMeo's eyes, but

'in other aspects as well. i

“The amount of points this team ha
scored 15 just awesome. We have beaten
some excellent teams this season by some
very substantial margins."

Directly proportional to this statement
are the records of grapplcrs Sheldon.
Averill. and Seras, all of whom boast a
team record 21 victories with no defeats.
in addition, Averill and Seras both sur-
passed the team record for career victories.
Averill now has 67 while Seras has 65. and
Sheldon. a sophomore. is well on course to
top their records. Averill is an NCAA
champion. Seras and Sheldon were Olym-
pic alternates. All three are All-Americans.

The Danes will next compete in the
SUNYAC's this weekend. in which the
favorites are Binghamton. Buffalo. and
Brockport.

"Hopefully it will all come together this
weekend." said DeMeo with regard to his
injured wrestlers. “and we'll be back up to
100 percent by this weekend."

“We've had a great season." said
Sheldon, "and l'd like us to ﬁnish in the
top three. Hopefully we'll even take the
championship."

Brian Croutier tries to fill his brothers’ shoes

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

it was just like old ‘times for the
youngest of the Croutier brothers. One
head fake to the right, and Danny Croutier
would be well on his way to the basket. his
younger brother Brian at his heels. But
something wasdifferent. '

instead’df'affiobrly-lit ck r out; at,
ski? iet‘giir'eli eU

the Croutier home in Roe viii

scene (was a.,well-.lit_zuniversityiGym; ln-I 
steadpf a onetperson audience. usually a ..

non-partisan Marie Croutier...mothen of
10. the Croutier.boy's show was played in
frontof close to 2000 Albany supporters.
instead of a close one—on-one game._
Croutier the elder outscored his brother,
20 points to none. Something was different
all right. ' ' - ‘ ‘~ '.  's .
For the second and probably last time in
their basketball careers. Danny and Brian
stood at opposite ends of the court, facing
the flag during the national anthem. wear-
ing different colored uhiforms. For Brian.
the color was Oneonta red. a color he'll be
wearing for three more years. For Danny.
the color was Albany white with traces of
purple, the latter ,being the color of
Danny's blood for the past four years.
This wasn't. just another game in the
backyard by any means: the supporting

 

 

cast saw to that, as the Danes soundly
defeated the Red Dragons. 82-55. ,

“That sure was different from playing
in the backyard," said Brian. “There was
a lot of pressure and a lot of noise in this
gym." ,

The ﬁrst match-up between the 1 two
teams last month gave Brian his ﬁrst play-

.“ experience against Danny, in an Albany

uniform.
"The.ﬁrst‘ time i played him in a game

made me' realize how different it islthan in i

any other-game." said Brian. “it's funny
when i look up and see him playing me."
But some things don't change. Both
brothers have kept the fierce competitive
nature that has become a Croutier
trademark. The same goes for‘the physical
play. " v \ ‘ ,f‘l “ '
After being “ran offa few picks." Brian
was subjected to even more rough stuff.
“l've been getting the elbows for the past
12 years." said Brian. “l'm used to it."
Brian may have gotten offOIuckY.‘ as
most of Danny’s opponents have bruises
to match. Albany Head Coach Dick
Sauers is one who believes that. - ., -

“Playing full court. 1 noticedthai Dan- ,

ny wasn't as physical with Brian." said
Sauers. “But I think that if the game were
close. he would have let them know. where

    
  

nave nwc Una"

Danny Croutier meets with his brother Brien altor‘smurd‘ay'a’ game. The Dana: bent

,, Oneonta. 82-66.

 

Brian's place was."

There is no doubt in Sauer's mind as to
which of the brothers is the better player.

“Danny was a much better player at that
age than Brian is," said Sauers. “Danny
looked to score more, which isn't a great
combination with being a point guard. But
Danny has matured a lot. and overall. he
has the edge." . .- w a r ‘

Sauers believes that a ‘c‘ompa‘r‘ison' bet-:

(ween Brian and his ’olden/broth‘eriiKevin'. _-
who played' for Oneonta. would ‘be more“

fair.

“Brian's just like Kevin— he never look-
ed to shoot," said Sauers. “He would
penetratc and then look to dish off. l’m
sure that Brian will just do a great job‘for
Oneonta; he just has to work on a few
things over the summer}:

if Brian does turn out to be just like
Kevin. Oneonta will have been doubly-
blessed. Jim Boland. an Oneonta alumnus
who is now Albany JV coach. remembers
Kevin as a “consumate point guard. He
was a great penetrator and a great passer.
He ran the offense. and he didn‘t have to
score to be effective."

Brian has seemed to take that last part
of Boland's description to heart. He didn't
take any shots in the 21 minutes he played.
much to Danny's chagrin.

“He's got a good shot." said the Dane.
“He wasn’t looking to shoot. and we knew
that he wasn't a threat offensively. He's
trying to get the offense started. but their
offense has no motivation. He’s a little

‘tbnativcf‘lﬂh l'thir‘ik li'é'should start‘the
'next thieeyearsi"  '  " 'v
' ‘1 Playing'basketball seems” to be' one of "
"many Cro'iitier tiad‘emarks; of the William

and Mary Croutier's 10 children. nine of
them are basketball players. Billy. Kevin.
Patty. Vinnie. Eugene. LeeAnn, Dandy.
Brian. and Michelle; Matty did his running
on the track. and not on the court. ‘ ’
This was the last time that the Croutiers
had to watch their sons play against each
other in different uniforms. No more pro-
blems of whom to root for. : I
“1 root for both my boys.“ said a pleas~
cd Mary Croutier after the game. “But i
was sure Albany was going to win. They
have to win~ these games are important."
Spoken like a true Croutier.

 

By Brian Tollln

While most of the campus was sleep-

.‘ing off their Saturday night
.hangoversdhe Albany State racqetball
club trudged into the University Gym at
l 8 am. and became Northeastern's big-
gest headache. .
Albany State's newly formed rac-
quetball team gave the fully established
Northeastern team all they could handle
and more. defeating thent 10:8 Sunday
morning. . ‘

Aftcr Eric Rubin destroyed his oppo-
nent 15-1. 15-1 playing with much
dominance and confidence. the day
could have been predicted. it started
Albany on the right foot. Garr Thomp-
son thcn pttt Albany up 2-0 pulling out
hls‘tie-breaker against Nortlrcustcrn‘s
number one ranked player.

Brian Tollln. uftcr splitting his first two
games. came back from ztn 8-4 deficit to
win 11-8 ill the tie-breaker in perhaps
one of the most exciting matches of the
day. The Tollln triumph gttv‘c Albuny an
emotional lift as well as a win.

Willlc Httghcs and Eric Cupid tic-

 

Albany racquetball club dealsV'
Severe headache to Northeastern

counted for two more points for Albany
as they both were able to win their mat-
chcs in exhausting tic-breakers. Later
on in the afternoon. Thompson and
Toiiin added to Albany's lead as they
paired up to destroy Northeastern 11-3.
11-3 in the second and third games of
their doubles match.

Among the women. Albany's top~
ranked Francine Fudin beat her oppo-
nent in straight games 15-8. 15-8. and
Lori Mariwold played superbly.
crushing her opponent 15-3. 15-1.
Fudin and Herma Francis then went on
to win their doubles match easily for
Albany. Mariwold and Janeen Lima
followed up to sweep Northeastern in
women's doubles matches by winning
their match.

Overall. it was it very impressive win
by a team that is still young and just
established. iiinghtnnton is next on the
schcdulc for the rncquctbuli learn and if
they play anything like they did this
Sunday morning. the odds are for

1

another Dunc win. 1

 

 

 

  
   
  
    

 

  

