 

 

 

Cﬂspecula tion-

I was a red satin bridesmaid last Sunday. My 24-year-old cousin, Cindy, was the
white satin bride ,— the first of the cousins to .g‘o... ' “1 ' 

taken in every combination of family and friends, infront of every piece of fur-
niture, under every tree, and in every humanly possible .pose. Mimosas made the

had our legs crossed. There weren't many rest breaks. . ..
During that morning I must have stared at Cindy as much as the" photographer
did. She was living the fantasy that almost everyone dreams 'at some pOint in life.
Cindy caught one of my stares, ﬂoated over to me, and whispered, 9’ I’m' having my
gown boxed for you, Lor. You’re next.” I ' . 1 " :7
I’m pretty sure my hair was standing up under my red satin hat, but'l managed to

groom, and waited for the transformation to take place.‘Cindy's words, "You're
next,” echoed in my head. The sun was strong, the drinks were strong, and soon it'
was me under the canopy. l was imagining my own wedding.

it was a strange daydream. The,groom’ had _ no face; That left him 'rather
anonymous. Another really bizarre factor was that there was no priest or rabbi/my
father was performing the ceremony. He was wearing shorts and a'T—shirt, and he
had a raisin in his nose. These were‘his Words: ‘ v ‘ l. '

This young man, What's-his-name, . has been» chosen  my
daughter,'Loren, as her first husband. It is‘the pain ofa father to realize V .
his 'child’s folly, but, out of'love for herrit is a pain that must be en-
dured in silence. Only experience will proveithat a father’s judgement ,
is never wrong. ’ l .I ‘ ' ‘ -

Then he faced the'guests and asked, "Anyone-got a'tissue’t" Upon receiving no
reply, he picked the raisin out of his hose and flung it ihto the audience. I
With that, i said a tearful thanks to myﬁdad and assured him'of my determination
to marry the faceless man. We saidour vows. exchanged rings, and l'k'issedthe"
void where the groom’s lips'should have been. The deed was done. I ‘ \ ' ' l
l snapped back to reality when a bee got caught in the nettingof my'hat. Con-

namental veil had a practical purpose. When the crisis was over, I looked under the
canopy. The bride was Cindy again, and l was just a red bridesmaid in a bee net.
She kissed the groom, and that was, it —.one cousin gone.

there's a man with a face to complete the daydream. The only thing l’m sure of is
that my dad‘will be ready, raisin in nose, whenever I am.

m

It was a two o’clock wedding, but the bridal party'metat 'ten to have pictures

morning pass quickly and painlessly, but] think" that in the-later pictures a lot .of us

laugh and say, "First I’ll have totalk someone into it." Then I had another mimosa. '
The ceremony. was-magical. l stood behind-the canopy, facing the bride and

. ,‘know whatl mean.“

vinced that it was going for my' red lipstick, l was‘ pleased that aseemingly or- _

The white satin gown is stored away somewhere now. And somewhere, maybe, .

   

ASP P0118

The Rude'lntruding Dudes are here to
turn their attention to the. issues that affect

havei'goh‘e before. By this time, you’ve'
u already.waited five or ten seconds to pick
‘up today's‘ASP, so let's get right to today's
mind wrenching problem; . ~ — 1

3H0» Do. You. Feel Abdiit‘Long Lines?

Banking Machines)

‘ "ll don’t mind waiting on them just as
long as there's no one in front of me."
' ' MikeV., Indian

week, but they weren't at SUNYA, if you
Darrel Z.,. Colonial

.‘ r, "l emphatically deny that such -a pro-
'blem exists. We don't have lines here at the
State University of New York at Albany.
, We do have orderly linear human process-
ing networks designed specifically for the
advancement of ' students 'toward their
desired goals.” ~
* ’ V.O., Administration

0 I
'fWhat l like most about them is that
'_when 'you wake up in the morning you
never know exactly what line you are go-
ing to end up on. It’s like so cool not
knowin'.”
Daphne D., Dutch

"it seems like every time i want
something on campus 1 have to wait on line
for it. The only thing-l don’t have to wait
on line for is the change machines. You
know why? 'Cause there's never any

 

change in them, that's why."

 

 

_Ralph K., Alumni

 

 

wvv- v

1. The Beer is on Us .at. the 
DW'TI‘ERES‘LT magnum-o Q)? {the 

Meet us at W.T.7s

(It 7:90

 

 

on Sunde Sept. 22nd

{Fran 

I
AAAAAAA “5.4.4 .4
v. v v

Parties - Dippikill - Women's Safety

hemormlbor (to [bring your?
, £061. Moi/mo

 

V .long. Mason a=linela§t
5your lives, to boldly go where no dudes '

(i.e. cafeteria, registration, Man'ne Midland _

“Yeah, well I did some long lines last »

 

  

' lept'em‘berizo,” 19,85 -'

by Dave Wertheim and Jason Grossman u I

“Well,_.l think someﬁme§,they'r;e just too
_ week'fottlunch'at
. p being” first for

 

State andj-l wound
dinner?" ';  '

 

 



“i think that they and uninsured: j'

the problems of lines duringthelsemestar

by having oneilongilineatfthe beginning at, '~

the 'term, combining all; of‘3the Tlines ,
together. 1 figure ‘it would'last',"oh‘, ’bout ,
two. months." ' j-g  ‘ . 3' .f ‘

' ABetty 8., Indian

"Well;vl was‘waiting for quite a while on 5'

guess there 'was al‘stall.” b 1
Person attempting to be funny for the ASP .

  

"I think “they’re  cool.   ' '

line l eyer gave‘ Was, 'Hey, yo'uiknb l

 

really'dig yourteeth',‘and like!  »
use Pearl Drops, . .‘..'it‘lo'oks.'like it's Mint -

flavor,; but what‘l’m really; interested
like, are youfrom Lawh Qislarid?’ ' ‘
 v A ~ Chuck"

   

f’Thelybest'yy'a‘y to redudelinés would) be; -
to scre‘en‘ou‘t‘thefp‘eople before theygi ton

.line to insure that-they'ghaye a‘ good r‘ason '.

for:waitingjonjthequf course, therggis a
problerriﬁofthelsecond line'...'."-”   '
‘_ I H —.,,I _Sam»M.

     

"l’ve 'waited.oh lines so-much'! gregat
Albany that sometimes l‘wérit‘bn’
when i don't even have to. Last‘weekW ‘
waited on lihe for Santana tickets minim ~‘
heurs and I’m not eyen goingvto the
concert.” ' ' ' '~ 31"»
x ' Evan 5., Way off campus

“Oh good, it’s finally my tur'n.‘l’ve  '
waiting on.line for two hou'rs,’to' answer. >
this question. . . 2” v 

 

 

 

 

 

I . J l w i . i I
A \5“}Is'1"""}“‘4““‘4“:'1~‘ . "32."

 
 

IIIII iliigl s
,I‘I,I.I.V,‘.I.QIDI ‘ Illli.

 

 

whip (some. A

 

. Septemberlzoi‘1985: . .

I Sara.h AhflSt'at’e nil-YE 

line .tofgotoﬁthe. bathroom at'th'e Rat  l x I

 

 

   

 

I‘he-gRamones, over the past ten ‘

‘ . years, have become somewhat of

. , »:an 'oddball American institution —.-
the ‘gra'nd'ads 'of punk.“ Their ~warped,
ripped-leans, cretin glory hasn’t inspired ,
dozens" of would-be. imitators like the

.' :Beatlesrbut‘instead it has. pushed youn'g'

idealistsjinto developing" their own ‘variap a
Hair of three chord power trash. .The seat
Pistolsandﬁthe Clash, for‘eXam‘ple, were
'formed in the-wake of the Ram'on'esf legenr' ‘
daryllluly 4,- 1976 Hyde Park coricert..-(Sid ‘
' Vicious claimed. to have invented' pogo- .

A ins. the progenitor of slamdancing, at a

Ramones show.)

Mike- EC"

 

 

When’the Ramones storm into tov‘vnﬁ

' saturday night at ].B.’s Theatre, it will be a
sort, of homecoming. The original LB.

Scott’s was a more than annual stop for the. . ,.

'Fearsome Foursome. With every perfor-"
marice pushing the attendance limit, they
turned the club into a virtual sweatbox

 

' Roll High School", and "l Want To" Be

 

x

with theiritireless energy and high volume.

Their frenetic perfonnancs transfonned the '

rather motley group of individuals into one

happily bouncing mass that surely chanted _
out all the familiar choruses. This time

should be no different. .5.
The band 'has Weathered‘age ,and- its few
personnel changes With relative grace.

" They have changed their basic style ve'ry -
little over the years (although variousproi .

 dimers have unsuccessfullytried to doathis)’,

’ 'rétalnlngfhe ,"let's make every‘ song an'Ian-
'them’f mentality. Thenature of their music

 

allows this theory towork becauseof: its
simplicity. Their latest release,~ Too Tough
To Die, was affected to some degree .by

hardcore, which was a by-product of the .
influence of the Ramones themselves.

‘ With anew album in the works, they
should have some fresh material for Satur-
day’s show, along with a bag ofstandards
like "Sheena is a Punk Rocker”, "Rock ’n’

Secured/f D

’Pessin the. blues

. rofessor Longhair is one of those
P'raritles, a rock and roll original. His

“ fluid boogie piano style and voodoo
voice have influenced many, though his is
not an instantly recognizable name.

Mike Eek

' Born Henry Roland Byrd in New
Orleans in'1918, "Fess" became a mainstay
of'the'early Louisiana rock scene in the fif-
He’s: mong his students and friends were

 

Ii so...
A \- M ' .
Life After Shakespeare
Careers For Liberal Am Malon
by Manuel Flores-Eateries
’ Penguin Books
143 pages, $6.95
re you an English or history or
ASpanish major'tlDoes the thought of
graduation make you quake with the
fear that you'll never find a decent job? Has
anyone told you the one that the only job
waiting for a liberal arts major is a place on
the welfare line? Well take heart; they're
wrong. According to Manuel Flores-
Esteves, author of Life After Shakespeare,
Careers for Liberal Arts Majors, there are
labs out there. in his book he lists 30 fields
which a liberal arts major can enter.

‘ Robyn Stein -

 

 

Fats Domino, Allen Toussaint, Art Neville,
Huey "Piano" Smith, and of course, Dr.
John (whose landmark 1972 album Gumbo
was a virtual tribute to Longhair and
Smith); His rollicking piano defined many
of the regional New Orleans hits including
his own “Big Chief” and "Tipitina."

Rock and Roll Gumbo is a newly
reissued and lovingly reproduced version
of the. 1974 Longhair classic. Gearge
Winston, of Windham Hill fame,has mov-
ed the piano up in the mix and added two

FloreswEsteves realizes that it isn’t easy'

for a humanities student to find a job after

. graduation because the networking just

'isn't there. "As a rule, business and
technical majors have the support of
substantige job placement programs. On
the other hand, those who pursue studies
in the liberal arts find themselves without
the guidance they need in order to make
the transition into the professional world.
There is no bridge to croSs the gulf from
student to professional." Flores-Esteves
believes that his book will help bridge that
gulf. And indeed it does.

Liberal Arts majors will find this book an
invaluable source of career possibilities
open to them. Each field is one in which
there are "professional positions open to
the holder of a bachelor‘s degree.” Some of
the fields discussed are advertising,
business management, consumer protec-
tion, finance,.fund.ralsln , insurance, lob-
bying, pe‘rs‘o‘nhelfpubllshlng, real estate,

 

 

 

 

previously unreleased tracks (the album is
on Winston’s own Dancing Cat label).
Winston and original producer Philippe
Rault also add liner notes.

’Fess is in better form than ever on this
eclectic, electric set. His band (most of
whom he taught) is augmented by
Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown sitting in on
guitar“ Longhair pushes and pulls the
players through a'variety of styles (Boogie,
Blues, thumba,

  
  

  

 
    

sales, and of course writing. _

After each entry there is a brief descrip-
tion of the responsibilities the job encom-
passes. and the skills needed to be suc-
cessful at it. Also discussed are the areas of
specialization found in that field. At the
end of each entry is one list of books in
which further research and information on
careers in that field can be founduas well as
a second list of directories that list the
names and addresses of companies within
that field. ‘

Although the book is largely comprised
of the' career descriptions, it also includes
four short, but useful sections on writing
resumes, looking for jobs, job interviews,
and internships.

Life After Shakespeare, Careers for
Liberal Arts Majors is an informative book
with surprising yet practical suggestions for
liberal arts majors, or anyone for that mat-
ter. who .is a bit worried about life after
graduation. ' D

.C-alypso) yet never

.album but an important album -

' r Youdonft have to be a. tea

 

 

 

Aspects 3a

 

as

A
tn
‘1

 

weakens his identity. His rowdy voice
recalls the smoky bars and honky tonks he
lived in.

The album shows off the best of both
Byrd’s originals and choice covers. Bob
Smad's standard "lunco Partner” is given a
necessary reading; the same goes for ’Fess’
definite arrangement of "Stag-O-Lee."
Hank William's "lumbalaya" seems even
more appropriate in the context than the
original (and Brown’s fiddle sawing doesn‘t
hurt).

"Doin'.It" exemplifies hiskeyboard at-
tack,- economic, joyous, and instinctive.
Occassionally, he shifts the beat and uses a
right hand trill as the harmonica accom-

' paniment of left hand improvisation; a

Longhair trademark. Catemouth crashes in
for the bluesy middle choruses adding a
stinging bite to the boogie backdrop.

The opening track, "Hey Now Baby," is

‘a show case for his wonderful vocals -

crooning, growling, and moaning his way
through; he uses his mouth as an instru-
ment in the blues/jazz tradition. The lyrics
fall solidly into the New Orleans party
tradition with occassional patios (Cajun
jibberish).

Other highlights include the Ahmet
Ertegun soul chestnut "Mess Around" and
the wonderfully self-promoting "(They

'Call Me) Dr. Professor Longhair."

Rock andRoIl Gumbo is not only a good
a state-

ment of music history.

her

 

 

