  

2a Aspects

 

CALL OUR
HOTLIN E
44 2-5 7 7 7
Or
jUS'I'
WALK
IN
SUNDAY - THURSDAY
9am - Midnight

FRIDAY 81 SATURDAY
24 hrs.

SA FUNDED

. Middle Earth
Counseling & Crisis Center
Dutch Quad. Schuyler 102

 

 

 
 
  
  
  
 
 
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 

Need Someone to talk to?

Call our Hot/me
442-;777.
l'VL’ Care.....

WE ALSO OFFER:

-ON-GOING COUNSELING

-SU;‘PORI‘ GROUPS

-WORKSFOPS

-INFO 'lAPES:
44:5895
SELF-HELP TAPES ON:
SE’JtlJlii/r .‘Jme management.
interpersonal skills. crises.
and substance abua‘L

CALL US!
OR JUST WALK
IN

 

 

  

. - a -: : .. ‘

‘ his week marks the sixth anniversary of the Iranian hostage crisis. This inci-

' ' L d'ent was highly publicized as an atrocious and inhumane political act. What

h H the public doesn't realize is that terrorism, in some form, occurs every day.

Furthermore, any person who has ever been a child has, undoubtedly, been a
terrorist. ‘ . _ ' I

l was a 9-year-old terrorist. Jodie, my best friend, was my accomplice. Our Vic-

r

tim: my younger sister. Our motive: entertainment. . ‘ v .
Just as in adult terrorism, ours was a well-planned, premeditated act. Jodie and I
had watched a magic show on T.V in which a magician is packed into a crate
Houdini-style and lowered into a tank of water. Of course, since he knew magic,
he got out. We thought it would be neat if he didn’t. Soon the details of a junior
terrorist scheme were forming.
> First we needed a hostage. Luckily, my 7-year-old sister fit the bill. Lee was
always eager to play with us, usually easy to capture, and never suspicious of our
evil intentions. Jodie and i decided that ambush would be the most exciting method
of capture. We put stockings over our heads, crept into the playroom, and threw a
blanket over the unsuspecting hostage-to-be.

The capture wasn’t as thrilling as we expected, since our hostage had been napp-
ing and remained asleep throughout the ordeal. We shook her awake and told her
that, if she was very good, she could be our assistant in a magic trick. She nodded
and yawned in agreement. We then ordered her to sit still while we gathered sup<
plies in the garage. Ever the good victim, she sat obediently.

Well, we couldn’t find a large crate or r tank of water, but 20 minutes later we
came back laden with bicycle locks, rope, and an old dust rag. Our hostage was
right where we left her —— fast asleep. l impatiently nudged her, insisting, "C’monl
This is gonna be funi"

Jodie hoisted Lee onto a chair, and we proceeded to fasten her legs with the bicy-
cle locks. We tied her hands behind the chair with about five yards of rope and
some very questionable Girl Scout knots. When l was about to stuff the dust rag in-
to her mouth, the hostage got nervous. “Is that part of the magic trick?"

I “Yeah,” i assured her. “We get you all tied up, we put this rag in your mouth,
and then you get out by magic."
"How about we just have lunch?” she suggested.

 

 

 

 

 

«3‘9

 
   
  
 
 
  
 

Jewish Student Coalition
.5 v ‘

 

SUHIﬁ

RBI.
RL_IS_SE_LL_S&E_
BIHGHHMTON
anemia

PLETTSISLIRGH
SKIDMORE

SZ—MEMBERS JSC
S3-NON-MEMBERS
SS-VlSITORS

S.Fi. FUNDED

 

 

UNIOH _C0LLIEGE

    

Regional Council presents:

_ LIE ﬂnnuol:

DHTE:

SFiTLIRDﬁY. NOV.2
102m - Zorn

DOUL. .E
. PROOF
R REQUIRED
!

 

B.-

E
M
LINc

“:me

So

DUTCHOUHD '
FLHGKOOM!

Jodie winked at me and, like a true junior terrorist, said, "Good idea."
We gagged our hostage. dragged the chair into a closet, shut the door, and went
downstairs for lunch. As we slopped peanut butter and jelly onto bread, the table,
and the floor, lhe thumping on the ceiling and muffled screams got to as. I guess
Jodie and I were wimpy terrorists, because we agreed to release the hostage and of-
fer her a sandwich and chocolate milk as compensation.

Fortunately, our hostage was cooperative, and we, were softies, so nobody got
hurl. Fortunately, too, We realized that terrorism just isn't as much fun aslunch. V

WWW

 

.. mun-m. wm.».m.m.m am» .. ,

 

 

  

 

"My adversaries . . . applied the one

means that wins the easiest victory

over reason: terror and force.”
—Adolf Hitler

  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

     
   
  
      
    
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 

 

 
   
 
   
 
  

r Nat/ember 1.1985

 

Babenco on Babenco

ector Babenco’s world revolves a lit-
H tle faster everyday. The 39-year-old
director, whose critically acclaimed
Kiss of the Spider Woman is currently en-
joying an extremely lucrative American
release, recently accepted the. directorial
reins of lronweed, a film to be based on a
William Kennedy screenplay.

. Ian Spelling

Babenco drew international recognition
with 1981’s Pixote, a motion picture
relating the struggle of Brazil's countless
abandoned children. That accomplishment
'lead to Kiss of the Spider Woman, which
received numerous standing ovations and
garnered ‘William Hurt the Best Actor
award at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival.

 

 

A Brazilian production shot with English
dialogue, Kiss of the Spider Woman
features Hurt and Raul Julia. Hurt portrays
.Molina, an effeminate homosexual im-
prisoned for attempting to corrupt the
morals of a minor. Julia is Valentin,
Molina's journalist cellmate, arrested for
aiding anti-government forces in a war for
independence.

To pass time, the normally dour Valen-
tin allows himself to be amused by
Molina's telling of a “love story.” This,
however, is actually a romanticized version
of a Nazi propaganda film. The men’s op-
posing interpretations of every event
which befalls them make Spider Woman
an intriguing study of the human persona.
Valentin’s political philosophies influence
Molina, and. in turn, Molina's sexual
preference causes Valentin to question his
own macho image for the first time.

in William Kennedy's office at the State
University of New York at Albany, Baben-

co openly discussed the latest details of his
rapidly changing life. Though visibly ex-

v-hausted by his relentless pace, Babenco
-' pondered each question before offering an V

honest reply. He conversed in a broken
English, one developed primarily through
reading books and dealing with
Americans. Babenco complemented his
straight forward approach with strategical-
ly timed use of ‘an unusually emotional
stare and the constant movement of his
large, brown hands.

Babenco spoke seriously 'of his reasons
for leaving Brazilfollowing the completion
of Spider WomanhSimply stated, Brazil's
fragile state of‘filmmaking'a'nd the coun-
try's dismal econbmic situation, coupled
with Babenco’s burgeoning cinematic. ap-,
petite, led .him to the United States. {The
huge poverty in the country was pulling
people out of the theater. We are having,
year by year, fewer tickets sold. This is just
because the poverty has increased on. a
large scale in the last five years," Babenco
lamented. "People don’t have the money
to go to the theater. This radically affected
the Brazilian movies, because the only
place in which a Brazilian movie producer
can recoup his investment is in the
Brazilian market. The foreign market, for
the most part, represents very little
earnings."

“You have a considerable reduction of
people going to the theater. You have the
prices increasing in a very strong way.
Brazilian producers are facing a lot of pro-
blems making their movies," Babenco con-
tinued. "Fewer movies are being made
year by year, and the good directors are
facing problems raising the money to pro-
duce their own projects. One of the
reasons I did Kiss of the Spider Woman not
in Portugese, and, yes, with American ac-
tors, was because i was trying to ac-
complish a second stab after the success of
Plxote in the American marketJ was trying
to make an English speaking movie in
which i could show my work in a more in
ternational language and then look for bet-
ter possibilities.”

The positive critical reactions accorded
Spider Woman clearly pleased Babenco.
“l'm very happy, very surprised, and very
happy about the response," he said through
a huge, pearly white grin. But of more im-

    

 

port, Spider Woman contented its proud,
passionate director. "1 love to see my work
acclaimed. l’m not denying the mechanics
of pleasure because I think they are mean-
ingful in life. l’m not trying to make
movies to share my feelings, to make other

people agree with my point of view, or do- ,

ing my movies just to please the audience,"
Babenco explained.‘ "l'm just pleasing

myself. If in pleasing myself i please hun-
dreds of thousands of people, that’s a
perfect thing.”

 

 

Babenco apparently exudes confidence.
However, he vehemently disagreed with'. .

this assessment; rather Hector Babenco

believes he simply stands his ground in the '
.. face of new and challenging experiences,
v particularly the upcoming Ironweed. “it's

not confidence,” he insisted. “l'm scared as
hell about taking a new step in my life. i
know l’m going to meet a lot of new peo-
ple and work in a language that is not
mine. i know i will work with production

7 and technical crews We never seen before.

i know l'm going to be handling actors in
the kinds of roles i don't know so well. All
these things make me feel l’d like to make
this movie, just the difficulties."

lronweed poses additional problems for
its director. Babenco responded to each
potential dilemma with his characteristic
candor and the habitual use of manual em-
phasis. He denied feeling pressure about
the unavoidable comparison between a
film and the book on which it is based. "1
don‘t care." Babenco claimed. “When the
script is written it must speak for itself. it
has its own identity, its own weight, and it
has nothing to do with the previous ver-
sion, which is the book. They are two dif-
ferent animals.”

Babenco must also confront differences
in nationality. The outlaws of Kennedy's
Ironweed are lrish-Amcricans, while
Babenco is anything but. “i think i am go-
ing to have a lot of trouble (with that)," he
confided,,“but this is why i love to make
movies.“

His love of the craft fostered an indepen-
dent streak demanding morc than a
measure of creative control. This, he
presumes, should diminish any conceivable
production troubles. “I am going to impose

 

my model of working as much as i can,”
Babenco promised. "l would like to defend
with all my energies the control of
Ironweed; We are going to hold the
creative control of the movie, Mr Kennedy
and me. is is our commitment.”
-lronweed will likely provide Babenco
' another opportunity to equate control with
the honesty he believes inherent in film.

‘ Though the art has often been described as

an artificial means of recreating life, Baben-
co argued, "the fact that something is ar-

tificial doesn’t'mean it,‘ isn't honest. You can
(also) be 100 percent honest and do

something totally artificial. i think the con- ,

cept of honesty is not always attached to
truth, and truth attached to reality, and
reality attached to the commentary. 1 think
all these links of concept are artificial in a
sophisticated way. You can produce reality
and be more real than reality itself. You are
being honest and working in an artificial
way.”

So what does Hector Babenco imagine
he can offer lronweedi He isn‘t certain. “i
don't know," he said sincerely, clasping his
hands. “any director can bring something
of his own. i think each director has his
own vision about his movie. (pauses) l
think...l think i can bring to Ironwecd all
my dedication and energy to do the best
work possible."

IronWeed will undoubtedly serve as a
proving ground for the young director, but
the experience should also be regarded as a
giant step for this man and a small Step for
this man’s kind. Babenco fought the odds,
and continues to do so. He has cast his
latest die with Ironwood. Whether or not
the gamble pays off is of little importance,
the fact that he undertook another great
challenge is.

"Sometimes i think my next movie is
going to be something written by myself,
not adapted from a novel. i don't know, it‘s
too far away,“ Babenco noted while slicing
the circulating air of Kennedy's office one
last time. "I don't even know where 1'” be
sleeping tonight. i don't dream so far away.
i just want to keep my life together with
my dreams and go as far as i can every day.
accomplishing the dreams 1 had the night
before." El

  

Aspecfs_ 3a

 

  

A dialogue at
Page Hall

ast Wednesday night, after two
L years of entertaining and educating

the SUNY community with lectures
and readings by authors of fiction, poetry,
and autobiography, the New York State
Writers institute presented its first evening
of film discussion. The participants were
institute DirectOr William Kennedy and
Argentinian film director Hector Babenco,
known for the recently successful Kiss of
the Spider Woman. Babenco is currently
residing in Albany and working with Ken-
nedy on a film adaptation of Kennedy's
own Pulitzer Prize winning novel,
Ironweed.

Marc Fenton

Rather than give a straightforward
reading or lecture on the chosen topic for
discussion, “Fiction and Film,” the two pro-
ceeded with what Kennedy called an open
dialogue, a question and answer exchange

”. . .l’m like a kid who
needs ice cream, and half an
hour later I need popcorn,
and a half hour later I need
candy. . 

—Hector Babenco

 

 

 

with the audience. The result was an infor-
mative, hugely entertaining evening,
highlighted by the presence of Babenco,
whose natural candor and charm kept the
near capacity Page Hall crowd captivated
throughout. After an introduction by Ken-
nedy, Babenco explained, “i didn't prepare
a text. I just know quite well how to write
movies, and l have an open mind to hear
your questions." He kept to his word by
listening carefully and responding in-
telligently to the various questions. ‘

When asked whether or not he felt the
movie Kiss of the Spider Woman was bet-
ter than the novel, Babenco replied, "Each
has specific qualities, strong elements.” He
feels that they can't really be compared.
"The book is a great book, the movie a
great movie. They are different mediums.
You have to keep alive the qualities of the
literary piece inside the movie, but you
never make connections, because they are
different.” . ..

After making three films in his native.
.(tongue, he choose to do Kiss of the Spider
Woman in English. He explained that his
choice was either to make a small. Brazilian
film like his earlier Pixote that was very
specific, appealing to film connoisseurs, or
to do a project such as Kiss of. the Spider
Woman, which he felt was universal. The
factors leading to his decision included his
"desire to appeal to a larger audience by
writing in a language everyone could
understand,” and the fact that “the financial
demands of the film could not be dealt
with in Brazil." He was also interested in
"working with the people who surrounded
the project" and "the great actors" who
contributed their talent.

Babenco expressed his desire to rewrite
film scripts, stating, "l‘m like a kid who
needs ice cream, and a half hour later i
need popcorn, and a half hour later i need
candy.” He explained that he would only
need to revise lronweed one or two times,
because the book is so good. His goal is
"not to write a script that is better, because
it is a difficult process." He “must try to
find the real element from the book and
put it in the script.”

Babenco described his working relation-
ship with Kennedy as a "happy collabora-
tion. He does the driving. 1 tell him to go
right or go left.”

The evening of conversation concluded
with Babenco's reaction to a question on
his decision to adapt Ironwood and Kiss of
the Spider Woman over other novels, “1 do
not choose the best, the best choose
me. . . ” Kennedy has made a highly
estimable choice in the provocative Hector

 

Babenco. El

 

 

