 

 

 

 

Disabled answers

If you’re in a wheelchair in the campus center
and you want to get to a lecture center, you have
to wheel over to the Performing Arts center,
take an elevator down, wheel over to another
elevator and take that down to the 'LCs.

if you’re in a wheelchair and you want to get
,into an academic building, you’re in for an .
adventure; the outside door is mechanized. but
the inside door isn’t. if you’re there after classes
have begun and no one is around, you may be
there for a while, unless you can open the door
yourself . but not all disabled students can.

The fact is, almost everything on this campus
is accessible to the disabled. That is. there’s
some way to get there. but it may involve a long
and tedious trek. that in the end may not be
worth the effort. For example, is lndian Quad
really accessible if a ramp there is so steep,that
‘UAD president Rob Pipia says riding down it
makes him feel like he's on the Indy 500? Are
the academic buildings really accessible if the
elevator controls are too high for most
wheelchair bound students? And can blind
students really walk the podium in safety
knowing that a few sparsely distributed low
hanging chains are all that stands between them
and what would probably be a fatal fall off the
podium?

Disabled students deal with this everyday.
Yesterday, a group of mostly students and a few
administrators spent a few hours in wheelchairs
or blindfolds, getting just a brief taste of what its
like to be disabled on this campus.

The program began at 12:15, with a few brief
remarks from President O’Leary. Participants
then spent the afternoon attempting to get to
classes. the infirmary. Stuyvesant, the
bookstore, and the bathroom. At 4:00 everyone
met at the President’s conference room to
discuss the problems they encountered.

After just a few hours in wheelchairs, the
participants found that there's a lot to be
changed, both in access and in attitude. One
coommon experience was that of having a friend
walk right by without saying hello. It seems that
people usually look right through disabled
students, afraid that they will appear to be
staring at them. Another frustrating experience
was being treated with a sort of condescending
friendliness that was more degrading than
helpful.

Students can fight the attitude problems, but
it takes administrative support and money to
make the campus more accessible.
Unfortunately, faculty and administration seem
to consider this a low priority.

Six faculty members and administrators
agreed to participate in the program. Of those,
only Bob Gibson from CUE. took full part.

Here’s what the others contributed: Residential
life director John Martone called in, sick.
Student Affairs Vice President Frank Pogue.
used a wheelchair, but missed the 12:15 and 4:00
meetings, Sociology professor Al Higgins never
showed up for any part of the program, Business
professor Harrold Cannon used a wheelchair
but missed the 4:00 meeting, and Director of
Physical Plant Dennis Stevens used crutches for
the day. but missed both meetings.

At the 4:00 meeting, many ideas for
improvements were tossed around. but Gibson
was the only administrator to hear them.
Stevens. who has the power and resources to
implement these changes wasn't there. He told
an SA official last night that he did not
encounter any significant problems while he was
on crutches. Yet. a list of nearly 30 suggestions
for improvements was compiled at the 4:00
meeting. ,

lf Stevens or any other administrators had
bothered to attend. they’d have found at least
one problem to work on: the meeting room itself
was inaccessible to wheelchairs. They had to be

 

 

carried in. l
- ........._..
m

  

.x- 1,1": .L'ﬁaJr'p  5%.“ . 21.7.5.3. .. .37... I . .

 omit *' "

' .forllIGUiJEiiaL Nils  ~
DEGREE'GllaDllaTE ~
0 PLUMBER'G HELi’Ell
o Callll‘Olil‘ 501'
. numbers HELPER
0 lllGHTbllifl‘Ell a 7-“
0 PLUM“ Hme
,o VIEW. THERE? 3W5
ﬁlial) Mi!

  

. ‘ «

 

 



 

'Ihe faults Of divestiture

Amidst protests on the SUNY-Albany campus. one
hears demands that the State of New York and the SUNY
system withdraw investments in companies doing
business in the Republic of South Africa.

Thomas W. Carroll

Divestiture, according to protestors. would heighten
pressure on the South African government to abandon
Apartheid, a policy of racial separation the Reagan Ad-
ministration has termed “morally wrong."

The problems with these proposals are manifest to all
but those blinded by emotions or ideology. Proponents of
State and SUNY divestiture should consider several
points.

Is it proper for a university or a state to move forward
with divestiture?

No. First. divestiture subverts the responsibility of
public investment ofﬁcers to seek prudently the highest
yield possible on investments —- a point recognized by the
National Association of State investment Ofﬁcers. which
adopted a resolution in August 1983 opposing South

 

 

African divestiture. As State Comptroller Edward Regan '

stated (in relation-to the investment of .State pension
funds), “Directing investments in consideration of major
ethical and moral issues is not compatible with the princi-
ple and historic purposes of the administration of the
fund.” '

Second. regulation of commerce in foreign nations is
more properly the role of the United States Congress. 'Ar-
ticle 1. Section 8 of the United States Constitution grants
the U.S. Congress-the power "to regulate Commerce with
foreign nations. and among the several states...”

What would the fiscal impact of divestiture be?

The potential costs of divestiture could lead to higher
taxes or reduced services. The impact could restrain the
ability of state universities to maintain instructional ser-
vices or tuition rates at current levels.

Enactment of a Massachusetts divestiture law resulted
in an immediate net loss of $11.8 million. Figures for
losses could be higher once future investment income
losses are considered. Evidence that such results might oc-
cur elsewhere is reflected in a study done at the request of
the District of Columbia Retirement board. According to
Meidinger Asset Planning Services, South Africa
divestiture laws would prohibit investment in 100 percent
of major electronic firms, chemical corporations, and
drug companies. Overall roughly 50 percent of the com-
panies in the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock index would
constitute prohibited investments.

‘4. .

It” divestiture did lead to the withdrawal of American
businesses from South Africa, what would the impact be
on South African blacks? '

South African blacks would bear the brunt of the hard-
ship that would follow the withdrawal of businesses.j V

The withdrawal of American business from South
Africa would rollback the advances made as a result of
American involvement. Corporate efforts have done
much to help the economic and political positions of
black' workers in South Africa. For example. in 1983,
over 50,000 blacks were enrolled in education and train?
ing programs supported by corporations. that were L.
signatories of the Sullivan Principles. (The Sullivan Prin-i".
ciples were established by Reverend Leon H. Sullivan in
1977 as a corporate code of conduct for business in South
Africa.) _

Moreover, according to a recent report prepared by Ai- .
thur Little, Inc., 100 percent of the Sullivan s atories'

provide‘allemployeeswith’nonssegregatedwe; facilities, ‘ 1

equal employment practices, and equal pay for cold.
work. Such a level of accomplishment, one should be-
reminded, was not widespread in the United Statesas ear-

ly as twenty years ago. ‘-

Because' of these facts, it is not surprising that black
South Africans, 'oppose divestiture. A ecent survey,
which The Economist termed "'the most scientificfto
date," revealed that three-quarters of the 551 sur‘Veyed
black factory workers were opposed to divestiture efforts.

Moreover. since American investment in South Africa
only represents 15.5 percent of total foreign investment
there (according to 1982 year end ﬁgures), its withdrawal ‘
would unlikely change the Apartheid policies of th€SbiIth
African government. '

What should students conclude about the calls for
divestiture?

Students should recognize divestiture as an approach
that: v

(1) lies outside the proper scope of university and state
action; ' -

(2) could add to pressures for tuition hikes and service'
cutbacks; _' -
(3) will have a negligible impact on South Africa's Apar-
theid policies; and

(4) to the extent that it leads to the withdrawal of
American businesses, seriously worsen the lof'o'f South
African black workers.

The strident calls for divestiture remind one of Ed-
mund Burke's characterization of bad laws as I‘the worst
sort of tyranny." ,

 

   
  

ALL LETTERS To THE EDITOR

, must include. the author’s name and- phone
number. We will gladly withhold your name, but
no anonymous letters will be printed.)

 

 

 

 

Noisy classroom .

m... Editors, ‘ .7 . V. .
in .mysecondj semester here at SUNYA:a_s a junior

transfer. I am extremely, pleascdl‘with the academics of:

ferric! althoughl'there is one small complaintvth‘at i feel g

mustbeuvoicedr v , - -

1 am‘1 currently enrolled in “Behavioral Science For
Organizational. Administration" (commonly known as
‘MQT 341) and classes have been running smoothly until
my previous two sessions, Tuesday, February 19, and
Thursday, February 21. During these classes. which‘run
from 11:15 a.m. to 12:35 p.m. in Lecture Center 2. 
have been extensive. ear-piercing drilling soonest
throughout the duration of the class.’Not only are' they.
annoyingbut they are quite disrupting. Professors Car}
rier andMllter have tried to battle this nuisance with the
use of microphones but to no  .

it seems to me that such a situation should neVer be

» allowed‘tocommence at an institution such as this. Col- ..
___._lege‘~students_stich_as myself do not come by money easily ‘

“is—rid at SUNYA.sti'e:;e,xpect a.quality education-under con-
ducive learning conditions. This particular situation is far
fromquality'andlehope’itctions will be taken to rectify it.

-—,-Mklllel J. Schlilro '

o - .
Disgusted reader
To the Editor: .

After reading Andrew Gewirtz's letter to the Editor of
Feb. 22 and subsequently becoming disgusted, i felt com-
pelled to write. ‘ .

individuals like Tom Gaveglia and» Andrew Qewirtz
may be cc _ "tied for their work onrcace Project. but
i found Mr. Gaveglia’s View of  life to be grossly

. distorted. Mr. Gewirtz’s letter was Ihvdtneful. He belittled
humanism for being a  of the Army
Reserve. thencalled him a “ooffee'g’ehiever” because he
does not believe in the Socialist rheﬁoric that Gewirtz is so

;. , @spects._

EIMIW In "fl

 

  

Nelda Jo Gulls. Edltor In Chief

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

N Dun Chung. John Keenan. Mort-ulna Edlloro

Ng‘g.‘ rm.- ‘ ' 'Sulllun
‘ ' ‘ Editor ‘
u... .u. v rm Knclndll RlnnVouno

AuceloloAsPoels Ertltor ...... .. :; .................................... ..Loren olneborg

I I m" .37, -- -— . I-n “Ls-Illa:

- - A- n-nlo'l my.
3'. a... “m, in... 5mm":
Copy ‘ u...“ unsung:

 

'Jerry Compton. onto LL mun. Settle/Editors

Contributing mm June Anderson, Joseph Fusco. Michelle Kroll. Wnyn‘s
Pnroboom, .1qu from Editorial Abel-lento; Mlohcllo Bush". Csthy Errlg,
Krletlno Setter. Ilene Welnstoln. Its” writers: Barbu- Abroh-rnsr. Donne
Altman, Lull- Chaluohsnnn clumsy. Jacquie Glult. lsn elements, Ken Doin-
bsum. Belts Dumbo. Beth Flutter-n, non-1d Brant Benton. Bob Hsnlon, Erle
‘ Hlnden, Modal Kurt, J. Michael Mlloo. Christine Rollo". Pun Bchullormsn,
Rleh suns”. Mlohul akolnlclt, Pony Tlnohior.

. Ohm llnghl. Business Mumps!

‘ Lynn Bum. Accept-lg Business Mun-an
“our: mum. Rhonda Walt. Advertlslnp Managers
Mitts Krurnor. sun Mun-oer
lllllnn ' ' n
” Penn
' Kan-n on].
Advertising Boles: Karon Amulet. Dan Flolshsr. Mm‘Noben-nsn, Rlah Ult.
Judy'Torel. musing Production: Llu Blchler, Dcnloe Cutrone. Tercu
Gladstone. Eileen Kolbuuk. Alloo McDonnell. Jsekl Mldlbrllty. Amy Psporny.
Mlke Schlllro. Offlo- sun: Undo Delgado. MIrtorlo Haunt cl, atophsnlo
Sohrnsu

Morn a. logic. Patricio manhole. Production Man-gen

chill Typcultor .. Llnooy Hoyrnln
Typism'Dobors A but: Fu, Llu
Glunbronr. Maureen MeHugh. Pun alflllbﬂ. Patna: Ghrls Column, E.
Phllllp Hoover. Judy Lawrence, Deon Darrel Blsl. M.D.Thompson. ctr-unborn.-
w-rron Murwltr, Richard Sheridan ,

Photography mun supplied by "ritually mu lorries. s student

Chlol mtoorrohon lrlas Bplogcl UPI It‘ll: Shut Albert. Amy Cohen. Mule '
Gulllnsn. John Curry, Lynn Dullus. Cindy Golwsy. Adorn (Ila-berg. Robert
Hutcmsnn, stld lune. Kenny Klrcoh. Robert Dickey, Em Mutter, Mutt
MIdIIVIllI. Chill Orslnl, Lln Blntrnons. Robert Botany. stta Buick, Howard
Tygu

lnlln contents copyright 1.“ Alrony lludonl Frou Duper-non. all rights
reserved. ' ~

on».

 

9

The Albany 'lluoont Pm- ls publlshod Tuesdays and Frtdsyl between
August end June by the Albany Burden! Plus Corporstlon. on Independent
not~tor~ llt co atlon.

Scheme mmtm by the Idllot ln Chlot wlth members at the Editorlrr
50w: Why Is warm to twins by the Edltorlnl new. Advorllslhg pollay
does not necessarily MINI cotton-l polloy.

M lino scorers:
Albany Illuhhl Press. 00 no
mo Washington Ave.
Atoms. NV mat

‘ (Ill “1W”.

 

 

 

 

  

. ’a'depi‘ui preienting in balm. A. a m»... the New

   

York Army National Guard. 1 sincerely hopé that if I or

' my fellow Guardsmen die saving Mr. Oerwlrtz's family
from i’tlood or blizzard someday, be will think more of
me than he does Mr. Newman. . .» ' V

Mr. Gewlrtz states that he and Mr. (inveglia want to

,stop the draft. not evade it. it is difﬁcult to stop or evade -

something that does not now exist. There is a regititration.
which makes it much easier to locate people in case of a
National Emergency; Many people like Mr. Gewirtz feel
that it would be easy for our government to make El
Salvador a “National Emergency." The same people

'refuse to see that a registration is a necessity for a U.S.

defense of Europe against a Soviet attack.

Mr. Gaveglia and Mr. Gewirtz- make it a point that they
object to, the killing they niight have to do if a war came.
They fear that’if they registered, they might be forced 'to
“kill on command," and be subjected to the “harsh
military life" (both quotes from Mr. Gaveglia). Both
show their lack of knowledge (as did the ASP editor in his
editorial of some two weeks ago) of the registration pro-
cess, and the military in general. The registration
guidelines clearly state that if a draft occurs. an individual
may classify himself as a conscientious objector and as

such wouldrwork in a military hospital, public service, or_
non-combat role, and not be required to carry a weapon. '

Many religious bodies instruct their members to serve in
this capacity in case of a draft.'_As far as Mr. Gaveglia
fearing the "harsh military life" of the armed forces.
perhaps he would like the Soviet Army. where'2-3 percent
of troops die in live chemical warfare training. As Mr.
Gsveglia can see. the U.S. Armylean not afford to train

- with broomsticks as they did in 1939. Anything less than a

toughlytrained U.S. force would fall quickly to the

_ Soviets.

Finally. it is a simple matter to use catchy Socialist
phrases about present day U.S. servicemen“ who- die
defending "U.S. corporations." than use that as an ex-
cuse not to register. in doing so. Mr. Gewirtz also forgets
U.S. servicemen who died liberating Nazi death camps. or
those who died at Pearl Harbor. Excuses are fine, but the
fachremains that registration is “safe” even for those

‘ who morally oppose killing. 1 too would not wish to die in

a conflict like Vietnam or Central America where purpose

and goal are vague at best. What 1. would find more '

distasteful however. is dying for “brave” men like Mr.
Gaveglia aner. Gewirtz who seem unwilling to work
even in a military hospital. - I

._ —Tltnotliy L. Taylor

’ The assumption that the editor-in-chief of the Albany
'Student Press ls male is incorrect. —Ed. ‘

‘Unique opportunity

To the Editor: .

SUNYA students will be provided with a unique oppor-.

tunity on the weekend of March 1-3. On that weekend the

' New York‘ Public interest Research Group (NYPIRG)
' will be holding its annual Spring Conference here at the

SUNYA campus. NYPlRCl members from all over the
state will meet to discuss issues of statewide concern, ex-
change ideas, and develop strategies that will lead to good
government, consumer and environmental protection and
corporate accountability in New York State.

This conference will prove to be a unique opportunity
for students in that they will be able to learn how to.in-
fluence public policy decisions. how to effectively lobby
for student and consumer rights and how to work with
the media. in short. students participating in the con-
ference will acquire skills that will make-them more effec-
tive and influential members of society. A series of
workshops ; conducted by NYPIRO researchers.
organizers. scientists. and attorneys will provide the arena
in which students can learn" new skills and improve old
ones. However; just as importantly. this interaction bet:
ween students and professionals will enable the theme of
the conference, “Student Activism in 1985: A New Com-
mitment." to be realized.

The NYPIRG chapter here at SUNYA encourages all
students to take part in the conference. For more infor-

mation and to sign up for the conference, contact the ,

NYPIRG ofﬁce in CC 382.  .
' -——Jouplr Hilbert
NYPIRO Local Board Co-chalr

Join the fun

To the Editor: '

Would you please print this for all students to read?

Are you the type of person who would like to become
part of an organization but don't know which to choose?
Well. we have the answer for you. WIRA. Women's In-
tramural and Recreational Association. is looking for
you! .
WlRA is on activities group which organizes many in-
trsmurrtl sports. tourrutments, trips. and fundraisers.

WWrrgrncn-Y'ttssm Mrs-ormmwho

stays as far away from playing sports as possible. we still
need youl_ ‘ '

' The group needs people who have organizational
abilities. good ideas. and who are interested in being part
of an organization. (Being part of a group also looks
great on resumes!)

People with any ideas. comments. or interests for
.WlRA are welcome to stop in at any meeting. The group
in informal and is always looking for new members.
WlRA meets once a week on Tuesday nights at 9:15 pm.
in Campus Center 358. ‘ - ‘

Please join us in the funll I

‘ ~—WIRA Council “

Faulty food plan '

To the Editor:

We feel that the situation of the University Auxiliary
Food Services is becoming very irritating. The purpose of
this letter is to address two issues: The deteriorating ser-
vice on Alumni Quad and the“ Campus Center dinner op-
‘tion at the Rathskellar. \

As students living on campus, who unlike students at-
tending other SUNY branches, have no sufﬁcient and
functioning in-dorm cooking facilities, we are forced to
subsrcibe to the UAS monopoly. To put it succinctly,
they've got us “by the balls." The situation that we are
presently forced to endure is one akin to a nation on a war

economy. in other words. jobs for all and supplies for

none. it seems that there are more people working for
UAS than ever before. Paradoxically. there is a grave lack
of service. 1

“Please Sir, may 1 have some more” “More... There is
no more." This Dickensian dialogue best depicts the nor-
mal dinner at UAS. Are there any knives No, we have no
more. Where are the glasses? We have no more. Where
the entire salad bar? it’s all run out. Can 1 have the alter-
nate dish? No there is no more. How about some peanut
butte‘r‘then? Ask him. it's not my job. And so on, ad
inﬁnitum. .

Why do we even have to ask? it is the responsibility of
the workers and of the management to ensure a constant
supply of all foods offered as well as adequate utensils.
This is simply not the case. And even worse, on weekends
this situation intensiﬁes when the Walden dining hall is
forced to take on “Brubacher Refugees."

We suggest the following reprimands: increased
worker efficiency by whatever it takes. it is not asking too
much for the Workers to.be more dedicated and for the
management to give more incentives. if need be. Second-
ly, more emphasis should be placed on the student who
does not seek to join in on the initial dash for food as
soon as dining hours commence. Simply put. the same
service should be offered to all students at all times during
every meal.'Also, we suggest that the Brubacher dining
hall should be kept open during weekends or there should
be more workers in Walden or the weekend hours should
be longer in order to accomodate the surplus of students.
Naturally, the former two solutions would include an
augmented increase in food output. Basically what we are
saying is that there is no excuse for any kind of shortage
whether ingseating, service. or food.

In this country we like to think of justice as a pure
looking woman, blindfolded and holding scales that .
balance perfectly. However. applying this analogy to the
UAS campus center dining option, it comes closer to Sam
the Butcher purposely holding his thumb on the meat
scales as he weighs out some fatty tongue. Not quite as
pretty as most American ideals. We are currently sustain-
ing what strikes us as a terrible inequity. The lunch is
somewhat'more as it ought to be. as we are paying $21.50
to convert 'our quad lunch, valued at $2.53, into a $2.25
allowance for campus center food. This strikes as pretty
fair compared to the world money market. However,
when applied to dinner the “exchange rate” is $4.13 quad
to‘$2.25 campus center. This makes us feel like European
tourists eating in America. The lunch conversion allows
for a skimpy but nearly complete lunch of limited items
only. The dinner conversion allows for a pathetic parody'
of the day's largest meal consisting barely of a one course
meal of which the only choice is "Rat-food."

Our solution: Simply increase the dinner allowance.
We realize that UAS is run like a business and won’t give
away something for nothing. However, under our solu-
tlon there would be more subscribers to the dinner cam-
pus center option. Face it. UAS would still be making a
handsome profit on each option. Also, it is logical to con-
clude this strategy would lure a significant percentage of
the “burger-and-beer" crowd away from such
establishments as Sutter's Mill and the Across the Street
Pub. How about this idea to help “Save the Rat"? And '
for the Rat, hasn’t it occured to anybody that if the tables
and chairs were cleared out at night, and a slick WCDB dj
spinning some boss tunes. you’d have the biggest dance
space in Albany But this is beyond the scope of our letter

. We hope these immodest proposals are put to some
good use.
—J. Ills-schola-
~Bnd Feldrou

 

