 

 

 

 

 
 
  

 

 

RPI stars OateSand Friday-‘retum;

to Fieldhouse in Detroit jerSe'ysé-

By John Keenan
SENIOR EDITOR

When Adam Oates and Tim Friday returned
to the Houston Fieldhouse in Troy October 5.
they found things a little different than they
were used to.

For one thing. they were used to winning.

Being used to winning isn't a surprising
characteristic for anyone who's played under
RPI hocke coach Mike Addesa. but Friday and
Oates ha to deal with a 3-2 overtime loss as
their Red Wing teammates lost a one-goal lead
over the New York Rangers in the final period.
‘ Spotted on the bumper of a brown Ford sedan
tooling around downtown Troy —- I (heart) RPI:
The Mike Addesa Hockey School.

Well. not quite. Giving the Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute — the college located
across the river in Troy — its due. it's one of the
most highly regarded and competitive

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

engineering schools in the East , ‘

Giving Mike Addesa his due. however. these
days the Poly is just as well known for its
hockey program.

Addesa. now returning for his seventh season
as a coach at RPI. is coming back from an 84-85
campaign that saw/the Engineers take the
NCAA DivisionI’I/crown. and place five of their
starting ayers in the pros: Oates. Friday.
goalten er Darren Puppa (with the Buﬂalo
Sabres). forward George Servinis (with the
Minnesota North Stars). and forward Kraig
Neinhuis (with the Boston Bmins).

When two of Addesa's five star alumni

returned to RPI that nightwearing NHL jerseys...

Addesa was on the ice to give them a warm
welcome.

In front of over 5.000 fans. Addesa apologized
for taking time away from the NHL preseason
game that was scheduled to go on that evening.
thanking both Coach Harry Neale of the Red
Wings and Coach Ted Sator of the Rangers for
allowing RPI to honor two of its former stars.

"I realize that we've got a lot of NHL fans here
tonight." Addesa said. “But I think we've
probably got a few RPI fans here. too." The
crowd responded with a roar.

Friday and Oates skated onto the ice to
recieve their NCAA championship rings from
their former team captain. Mike Sadgepour.

"That was kind of embarrassing." Friday
admitted afterwards. but the crowd enjoyed the
presentation.

“It was nice. but it does make you nervous."
said Oates. who was one of the most sought
after players in this year's NHL draft. “I knew
(the presentation) was coming for the last two
weeks. though. so I wasn't really surprised."

After the presentation. RPI fans got another
surprise as Neale sent Oates out to take the
opening faceoff.

"That was a really classy thing to do." said
Oates.

The crowd wavered back and forth
throughout the game. predominantly favoring
the Rangers. but cheering whenever Oates or
Friday did anything particularly noteworthy.

“That was nice of the fans." said Oates. who
claimed he really wasn't expecting that warm a
welcome. "It felt great to be back. I‘ve got great
memories of this place."

“It felt good to be back. but I wish I'd layed
better." Friday admitted. “We shoul have
won."

When asked to compare Division I hockey
competition to the NHL. both Oates and Friday
were concise. “Everybody's more talented
overall." Oates said.

"The pace itself is much faster." Friday said.
"These NHL forwards. you let up and they'll
skate right around you." D

 

 
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
    
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

. details and not beat ourselves." said Sator. “The

 
  
  

 

 

 

 

Ted (Sator) stresses
communication more.
Everything’s well
organize . ”
——~Grant Ledyard

 

 

1. r. a‘ﬁ'A  was  t » u‘a‘A‘A’n «kw

 

 
   
   
 

 

 

 

I-Nf'eerorkRangers haVe new look!

aﬂesicoach Satorcleans house

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

There were a lot of unfamilar faces in the New
York Ranger lockerroom after their 3-2 overtime
pre-season win against the Detroit Red Wings at
the RPI Fieldhouse.

That's to be expected in an exhibition game:
most teams don't bring all their front-liners out
in a meaningless game. especially if the locale is
the Houston Fieldhouse in Troy. and not the
Forum in Montreal.

But when the season started. many of the no-
names that played at RPI were still wearing the
Ranger colors. Players like Kelly Miller. Mike
Ridley. Raimo Helminen and Terry Kieisinger.

Gone are the players that were integral parts
of former Ranger Coach Herb Brooks' motion-
oEense. Players like Mike Rogers. Pierre
Larouche and goalee Glen Hanlon. Even fan-
favorite Nick Fotiu couldn't avoid the house
cleaning moves of rookie Coach Ted Sator.
Apparently. these NHL veterans didn't fit in
Sator's plans.

“We're just trying to play 100 percent
hockey." said Sator. “Our immediate goal is to
1;; a .500 hockey team. That hasn't wavered at

When Sator was hired earlier this year. he
said in the press conference that he wanted the
Rangers to be a .500 team: anything else would
be a bonus. That's fine if Sator were with the
Pittsburgh Penguins. perennial doonnats of the
Patrick Division. But this is the Rangers. a team
that's settled for mediocrity for much too long.
A .500 record just isn't good enough for the
Rangers or their fans.

As an assistant coach for the Philadelphia
Flyers. Sator never had to settle for mediocrity.
Part of that can be attributed to the lines of
communicaton between the players and the
coaching staff. That's something that's been
missing in past Ranger teams. especially with
Brooks and Fred "the Fog" Shero as head
coaches.

“It's hard to compare Herb with Ted." said
defenseman Grant Ledyard. “They're so
different. Herb was very intense: Ted stresses
communication more. Everything's well-
organized."

Sator believes the trend in coaching is going
toward the “team approach". Constant
communication within the team and hard work
will produce a Ted Sator team.

"We have to pay attention to all the little

bottom line is to put the puck in the net more
than the opposition. At that point. we'll know

on recallable waivers just before the season

started. Those players aren't sure what their

value is to the team.

When you ask waivers on a player in hockey.
it doesn't mean the player is up for grabs to the
first taker. When the Rangers asked waivers on
players like Mike Allison. Scott Laidlaw and
Ron Greschner. their objective was to see if any
team was interested in the Ranger vets. If a
team claimed Allison. the Rangers could
remove him from the wire and try to make a
trade. Neither Allison or any of his teammata
wereclairned by any team.

Allison has suffered from numerous injuries
during his career and has yet to play an entire
season for the Rangers. Last year Allison was
out with a knee injury: the exhibition game
against Detroit was only his second game back.

"The knee isn't 100 percent as far as being
sore." said Allison. “but I could live with it for
another year. I hope to contribute this year. if!
can stay healthy."

If the Rangers let Allison go. they'll lose their
most consistent face-OE man. He credits his
success to concentration.

"i've been lucky with that." said Allison.
"Walt Tkaczuk and Phil (Esposito) are the main
guys that have helped me. They taught me not
to. be consistent and to mix around your
stances." _

The one thing Allison noticed about this
year's team was a “good attitude". something
that he sees as a prerequisite for winning. But
Sator sees it differently.

“Winning makes a difference in attitude."
said Sator. "It's easy to keep a positive feeling
when you're Winning."

But what kind of attitude does a .5 00 winning
percentage breed? D

 

where we stand."
That's more than can be said for the demoted
Ranger players. or the veterans that were placed

 

 

   
    
 

     

I

 

