   

ART ED

A LOT OF
CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY
OUTAS

ST
SECOND LIEUTENANTS.

How can you get the experience you
need to succeed in business?

These top executives started out as Army
officers. Ri ht out of college, they were given
the kind 0 responsibility most people in civil—
ian life work years for.

If you be in your future as an Army
officer, you coul further your career plans.

How do you become an Army officer? A
great way to get the training you need is Anny

OTC.

This is a college program that will teach
you leadership and management skills, and

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Earl (J. Graves. Editor Gt Publisher
Black Enterprise Magazine

If
future in business, be '
officer, with Army R
up a captain of industry!

John G. Breen. Chairman, President 6:.
Sherwin—Williams Company

train you to handle real challenges.

ou want to prepare for a promising
our future as an Amy

. You too might win

For more information, contact the

Professor of Military Science on your campus,
see the reader service card in this magazine, or
write: Army ROTC, Dept. 11, PO. Box 9000,
Clifton, NJ. 07015.

ARMY ROTC.
BE ALLYOlI CAN BE.

  
     

Walter F. Williams, President & Chief
Operating Officer Bethlehem Steel Corp.

4...: . i

,3...

CEO

 

VOLUME Lxx'tr

Updike eXercises artful wit with Warm a

By Ilene Weinsteln
.-\$50¢‘IATE NEWS EDlmkl ‘ I v

Henryglames may have been booed off a New York
Stage arcentury ago for outdistancing his audience. but

noted author John Updike hit all the right buttons Thurs-,

day night as his SUNYA audience warmly applauded.

There are many horror stories like James in the annals ‘

of modern writing, said Updike, speaking at the first an-

nual Herman Melville Lecture on the Creative Mind. Up- _

dike was brought to the University’s Page hall be the New
York Writer's institute. . z r

SUNYA professors and administrators packed the
auditorium to hear the author of such books as The Cen-
taur and Rabbit Run, and many short stories.

William Kennedy, who founded the Writer's institute,
was rejected 13 times for his Pulitzer Prize wining novel
lronweed. and James Joyce had to wait it) years to' have

his short stories collection, Dubiiners, publishedsai'd Up- .

dike. “We here in Albany can feel superior becastrse we
would not have boo‘ed Joyce.“ he added.

The “bourgeoisie audience," which arose during the
l9th century. when the novel achieved public appeal, has
created a tension between the artist and his audience, said
Updike. “The artist pursues and improves his art at the
expense of leaving his patronage behind,” thereby
alienating his audience, added Updike.

“Art is associated with refinement, refinement is
associated with wealth and wealth is associated with

- power," said Updike. For the bourgeosie. “art became a
relief from life and an implement of¢social improve-

_ ,a’ti-nt'." he added. .
' One of the charms of going to the moviesin the 30’s

and. 50’s was howrthe rich live." said Updike. .
in thei980's. comicbooks, girlie magazines and teie ‘
sion soaps hold the public's attention, he said; adding

0 Gordonchallen

 
 
  
 
 

   

 

L Y
T D NT
gables

 
 

  

DAVE lSAAc UPS

John Updike at Page Hall
“Creative images do not live in a vacuum"

 

that the public is’shaped by the technology around them.

Artists, too. are shaped by the technology in their daily
lives. “Creative images do not live in.a vacuum.“ said
Updike. "A great pianist 'needs'a piano in the house and
today even records and tapes." he said.

According to Updike. writers share nothing less than
their digested lives. “lt‘s'ltke breaking through a thin
sheet of glass to what had been bottled up inside." he

dded. '

  

, The writer “excrete: his or her art while sitting down

 

ANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

TUesday
April 30, 1985

NUMBER 21

udience

 
 

  
 
  
 
 
   

' like a toilet-training child, and seeks the admiration ofthe

audience like a child seeking parental admiration, said
Updike. as the audience chuckled.

No styleor form is abstract and no writing is abstract
either, said Updike. “Audiences have a deluded sense of
the things that are authentic." he said, adding that
authenticlthings are fresh to the writer.

An artist's raw materials are his or her thoughts and
feelings. said Updike. The writer manipulates and,
“Transfers with lively accuracy." memories into fiction.

I he said. adding that the writer “must do justice to the

real."

Updike, who is 53. used the experiences of his youth
duringthe 30's and 40's as material for his early novels
and short stories. “To run otrt of material from one's
yotrlh takes you to about the age of 37," he said, adding
that his writing now involves “the big adult things of
life.”

“A writer must keep his imagination his own and risks
being offensive and absurd," said Updike.

Herman Melville, who was raised in Albany. was titra-
ed on by the sea and also male friendships, said Updike.
“The vast land of America and family life depressed hitn
rather than fired him," he added.

Although Melville suffered professional defeats. his
imagination remained his own. stressed Updike. “his
material brimmed with the exotic material of his travels."
said Updike-of Melville, who was once described as the
man who lived among cannibals.

Melville’s first novel] Typce won him a great deal of
popularity with both critics and his audicrtcc. The novel
was “brimming with exotic material of his travels and in-
dclicate scxttal passages." said Updike.

Melville’slatcr n0vcls, Marty and MobyDick were un-

17>

nation

   

 

 

 

. We,

By Ken Dornbaum
EDlTORML ASSISTANT _ .
in a series of long, often painful inter-
views,‘Vivian Gordon, former chair of the
African and Afro-American , Studies
Department said she was‘ forced to resign
by the SUNYA administration and denied
her rights to due process in the affair.

College of Social and Behavioral
Sciences Dean John Webb, however,
adamantly denied the charges.

Gordon, who was hired as chair of the
Department last September was asked to
resign by Webb March ii. She was asked
to step down due to problems that had
“arisen in the department, resulting in a
decline of faculty morale. . .," said Webb.

Webb said in a memo that other pro-
blems at the time involved “open hostility
between the chairperson and members of
the faculty, the airing of problems and of
internal difficulties to external constituen-
cies instead of discussing them and resolv-
ing them at faculty meetings. the resigna-
tion of the long-term secretary of the
department. and inability to follow re-
quirements to maintain a collegial
department."

“My resrgnatron was not requested; it
was demanded," said Gordon. “l was told
specifically by Dean Webb that he spoke
individually to each tnember of the faculty
and the situation necessitated my im-
mediate resignation," she said. “i will
state under oath that he said every member
was dissatisfied with me," she said.

“The main problem that was destructive
was a conflict with two mwmbers of the
faculty." said Gordon. adding that.
"former chairs have also had problems
with whesc same two."

Department sources identified George
Levesque and R.A. Obudho to be the two
faculty members with whom Gordon had
strained relations. Webb later confirmed

  

“A major criticism of the administra-

tion was the Afrocentric point of view,"
said Gordon? “one ,of the faculty
members felt that it'was imposed upon
him. - ‘ ‘ t -
“in a Jewish studies program, do you
teach from a non-Jewish point of.view,
asked Gordon. “You may read some non-
Jewish works, but the ideology is Jewish.”
Gordon explained, adding. “l consider the
same to be true for Black Studies. . . to
raise this issue is an insult to Black
Studies," she said. , 

“i feel that this all has attacked my pro-
fessionalism," said Gordon, explaining
that for three years she was a member of
the National Council for Black Studies.
This same group has been asked to consult
with the Afro-American Studies Advisgry

>

 official story af're' "

 

“Maybe I was too
strong. . . for a
program that was to
die lewa. ”

.-  Vivian Gordon

 

  
 
 
   

 

By Peter Sands
STAFF ll‘leEK

After three years of skirmishing, a
settlement has been reached in a lawsuit
stemming from a l98l fire on the four-
teenth floor of State Quad‘s Eastman
Tower.

Madelyn Keistein. Dianne Pine. Tina
Levy, and Ellen Binder sued the Univer-
sity for more than $20,000 for damages
incurred in the fire. individual sct~
tlemcnts have been reached, but only
Kelstein‘s has been disclosed. She was
awarded 5800.

SA lawyer Mark Mishler, who
represented the group, said that only
two of his clients have given him permis-
sion to speak with the press. Only Kels-
tcin was available in Albany; the others
all having graduated and moved on.
Kelstein is a graduate student. '

 

_. “i think it's outrageous that it took so

long," said Mishler. adding that he
didn‘t know why such time was needed.
“i feel i was treated bureaucratically,"
said Kelstcin.

The fire is officially listed as being
electrical. but of undetermined origin.

According to Kelstein. the fire began
with a short in a standard university
ﬂoor lamp. The, lamp was located in the
room where the fire began and the side
of the room .where the lamp stood was
the first to be engulfed in flames.

Kelstein was “happy” that a settle-
ment was reached out of court, but was
still upset about the length of time in-
volved. Originally. “we had joked
about getting it settled by the time we
graduated," said Kelstein.

“Most of the stuff I lost, you really
couldn't put a price on, grades and
time." said Keisteln. Her room was ad
jacent to the room with the fire, and a

Damages from ’81 State Quad fire settled—l

great dcal of damage was sustained. I‘l
had a $250 dry cleaning bill.“

“it took so long because the school
was not willing to discuss any sort ot’set-
tlctncnt until this time. and i think that‘s
outrageous." said Mishler. The fire
took place in December of 1981, arid in
March of i983. Mishier and his clients
filed suit to force the University to
negotiate.

Damage was originally assessed for
Binder at $7,l22, for Levy at $5,776.
and for Kcistein at Sl.580.30. Out of
court settlements lowered the damages
and Binder was reportedly assessed at
$2.500, Levy at $2500. with Keistein at
$800. Additional damages for pain and
suffering were dropped from the suit
earlier.

“The main thing we were looking for
was property damage, said Mishl‘rr.

p.

 

 

 

