6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS E] TUESDA Y, MARCH [2. I985

 

 

Jose Zalaya

  

use}

"The only alternative is the independent Sandinista state”

Sandinista asks-for peace with 

By Charles Coon

A top ofﬁcial of Nicaragua’s Sandinista
government asked that the United States. a “less
injust society." give a chance for justice to the
people who have long lived without it in his
country. '

Jose Zalaya made his plea for Nicaragua's
"independence" in an address Friday afternoon
in the Lecture Center as part of World Week.

Zalaya received his Masters degree in
Economics and Education from Columbia
University (N.Y.C.) and his Ph.D. in interna-
tional Law from the University of Nicaragua arid
serves under Nicaraguan Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs Miguel D’Escoto in the Permanent Office
of Nicaragua to the United Nations.

“The only alternative is the independent San-
dinista state. The other parties propose a depen-
dent state.” that is. dependent on the two super-
powers an'd other external forces. he said. defen-
ding the policies of Nicaragua's dominlant
political party. '

“The so-called state economy is far from the
present situation in Nicaragua." He noted that
the Nicaraguan economy currently consists of 30
percent cooperatives. Si percent private owner-
ship. and l9 percent state ownership.

Zalaya said the communist party of Nicaragua
“is complaining that the Sandinistas are not
making a communist economy" in the country.

“The reality of a controlled development is
our next goal (after independence). Should we
accept coming back to that past condition again
that had failed in the past? We have to look for
something new. Let us be our own mistake. We
are the ones who will have to pay for it." Zalaya
said. '

Graduate student David Scotchmer said
Zalaya was invited to speak at SUNYA as part of

. World Week. and that his presentation was spon-
isored by the SUNYA. Department of
Anthropology. '-

President Ronald Reagan is currently asking

Congress to approve Sl4 million in aid to anti-
government groups. or “contras.” in Nicaragua.
These groups are working to unseat the current

NE

Gay conference held

Two SUNYA students attended the
Second Annual Northeast Lesbian and
Gay Student Activist Conference at
Cornell University in ithaca during this
past weekend.

Different workshops were held. in-
cluding an all day workshop on racism
and discussions on getting the New York
State Gay Civil Rights Bill passed. saidl
one of the students. Jim Glenn. l75
representatives from 25 different
schools. including Rutgers and Colum-
bia. attended the conference. A commit-
tcc was formed to plan next year's con-
ference at Brown University in Pro-
vidence. Rhodc island. Glenn added.

“The community of ithacu was very
supportive. The city of Ithaca has a gay
ordinance which is very good far it small
community." said Glenn.

..
Loan periods revised

The University Libraries has revised
its loan periods for books anti other
materials. Undergraduate students may
now check out library materials fora 30
day loan period.

WS UPDA TES'

The revisions. which became effective
February 20. include an extended loan
period for graduate students in master's ‘
programs to 90 days. Fines have also
been revised, raising the fine maximum
from $3.50 to $5.00.

“These new loan periods and fine
charges will help to ensure that tnore
SUNYA borrowers are able to use the
library materials they need when they
need them." according to Assistant
Director Carol Anderson.

Inspections positive

inspections were made of the Univer-
sity Auxilliary Services' food service
facilitiesin February by the New York
State Department of Health.

The report found that most structural
violations that had been noted on
previous years‘ inspections have been
corrected. such as lighting and plumb-
ing. Dishwashing facilities were being
maintained and operated in compliance

‘ with requirements at most locations.-

According to Senior Sunitarion
Willi-tun Krumanocker. although a few

Sandinista government.

Zalaya queried “Why is this acceptance (of
contra support) happening in America? We are
establishing something that is not a threat to the
security of the U.S."

in the question of the arms buildup. Zalaya
complained that the United States is attempting
to dictate the kinds and numbers of arms with
which his country may defend itself against what

he called “U.S.rattacks" or anti-Nicaragua‘

governments in the area. They are making entire
nations ready to crush us. yet we cannot defend
ourselves.” he said.

Friday's presentation was ensQled.
“Nicaragua: Friend or Foe?” 'In answering that
question. Zalaya said. “We want to be friends.
but we want to be free. We want a peaceful rela—
tionship with the U.S. A good start would be for
the U.S. to accept as for what we are.” ,

(The U.S.) “is not ready to accept that we the
people have a right to an independent state. Only
then can we talk about friendship."

Asked by Communications professor Larry
Kincaid what it wouldtake for the U.S. to be
content with the Nicaragua situation. Zalaya
replied. “The establishment of a non-
revolutionary state is the only Way the U.S. will
be happy. or in President Reagan's words. ‘cry

I" / .

uncle .

Zalaya pointed to the beginning of the U.S.
Constitution. which reads. “We the people. in
order to create a more perfect Union. establish
justice. insure domestic tranquility. provide for
the common defense. promote the general
welfare. and secure the blessings of libert to

ourselves and our posterity. do ordain/ and '

establish this Constitution.”

“It is a pity for the U.S. to forget ' eir own
history. It is a pity because the basis of American
culture is not that kind of politics?”

“The U.S. is looking for the moral backing of w

the American people." he said. refering to the

'covert actions being supported against the

government of Nicaraguagby the Reagan ad-

ministration. . C]

sculptured

cleaning violations were noted. the total
sanitational level for all the food service
operations were extremely good.

Antiques donated

A 5.000 year-old vase. finely
limestone faces and
elongated glass vials once used to con-
tain perfttmed oils are among 33 Cypriot
antiques donated recently to SUNYA's
Institute of Cypriot Studies.

The antiques. the gift of Mr. and Mrs.
Taylor 0. Belcher of Garrison. will be
added to other antiques already in the
lnstitute‘s Belcher Collection on display
at the Main Library. Belcher is the lst.
former United States Ambassador to
Cypress and Peru.

institute Director David Martin called
the collection a valuable study guide for
students and faculty in archeology.
classics. and art history.

High editor turnover

The Plattsburgh State University Col-
ncwspapcr. Cardinal
Point’s. has its fifth new editor since
school began last September.

Steven Davidson. a sophomore

icge Student

 

 

Lees; stringent guidelines _ in.

firing prOfs‘ aim of AASCU

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) in
part to prepare for the next round
of college money troubles. a ma-
jor college group has started a '
new war of words: designed to
make it easier for administrators
to fire tunurcd faculty members.
The change could also keep

’some college teachers. worried

about losing their jobs.. from'
discussing controversial topics in
class. opponents suggest.

.The change would “open the
f'. “, "‘fto wholesale firings,

'warned Jonathan‘xnight of the

American Association of Univer-
sity Professors (AAUP).

But the American Association
of State Colleges and Universities
(AASCU). in offering last week a
new guideline for when colleges
can ﬁre tenured professors. said
colleges need more flexibility in
hiring and ﬁring if they're to sur:
vive the next decade of declining“
enrollments. . F

Since 1940. colleges have been
able to fire tenured teacher's only
in times of “ﬁnancial exigency."

The courts. colleges and pro-_
fessors themselves traditionally
have followed the AAUP's’ defini-
tion of just what “ﬁnancial ex-
igency” is. Now. administrators
want to change the definition to
make it easier to Vtrim their
payrolls if they get into money
trouble.

' “AAUP approaches the issue
‘from the standpoint of the facul-
ty," noted Alan Ostar, AASCU's
president. “We believe that the
dialogue on governance needs an
additional perspective."

The AAUP deﬁnition inap-
propriater is “held up as the
gospel." added Moorehead State
University President .> Herb
Reinhard Jr...chairman of the
AASCU panel that drafted the
new definition. “The AAUP
deﬁnition was written at a time
when things were bright (ﬁnan-
cially),” Reihnard said.

Things 'aren't so bright
anymore:'The federal government
has cut its funding of college pro-
grams. many states have reduced
their higher education budgets.
and tuition — campus’s other ma-
jor source of money -— is ex-
pecte_d.to. fall as the nationwide
student population declines over
the next decade.

Some predict as many of 200
campuses will .close before
enrollments being to creep up

There is
Cardinal

i leftrthe

New

England.

staff the

counselin

j .
English-Journalism major. is replacing
Thomas Riedy‘as editor-in—chief because
of “academic reasons," said Riedy.

“There were a number of reasons why

between 40 and 60 hours each week to
put out the paper. 1 had- trouble getting
my school work done." he said.

A suicide prevention service. the
Samaritans. officially opened a new
center at 200 Central Avenue. on March

The Samaritans of the Capital District
is a branch of an international suicide
prevention service which was founded In

volunteers working in nearly 300 bran- -
chcs worldwide.
Trained and supervised volunteers

and offer

ccntcr. Volunteers are available 24
hours a day at 463-2323.-- ‘

again in the 19905.

More may close unless colleges
are freer to cut their costs.

But the AAUP- deﬁnition of
when they' can cut costs by laying
off teachers “has tied the hands
of institutions _struggling .with
declining or shifting enrollments.
to ‘the detriment of educational
quality." Reinhard argued.

Even without the change. many
tenured teachers lost their jobs
during the last recession.

Since l982. Temple. Northern
Michigan. Western Michigan,
Washington and the Brockport
and Buffalo campuses of the
State University of New -York.
among others. have, ﬁred more
than 'lOO tenured faculty
members. . .

AAUP said ﬁring is justiﬁed
only when “an imminent. ﬁnan-
cial crisis threatens the survival of
the institution as a whole and can.
not be alleviated by less drastic
means."

’~ AASCU argues that a ﬁnancial

emergency exists when -cir-

cumstances “threaten to impair
an institution’s ability to provide
high educational quality and in-
dividual opportdnity.”

The AAUP thinks the broader
AASCU guideline'would let just
about all 3,000-some campuses in
the U.S. fire professors today.

‘Ti don’t know of any institu-

'_tion that cannot plausibly‘argue

that it has some difficulties main-
taining high educational qdality."
Knight asserted. ' ‘ '_ ' -
> “This definition would allow
broad. revocations of tenure for
reasons that are hardly serious.
unusual or extreme.f'7hc said.

A substantial, numberof the

schools on theAAUR’s list of *

“censured” schools are there
precisely for laying off tenured-
faculty underqwhat the AAUP

considered fraudulent declara-i

tions of ﬁnancial emergency.
Those schdols include the
University of Northern Colorado,
California State University-
Sonoma and the University» of
Idaho. .
Knight acknowledged ad‘.
ministrators don’t'like the
AAUP'szailure to recognize that
one department. such as a
cooperative farm extension pro-
gram that receives a separate ap-
propriation from the state
legislature. could get in trouble

22>

a ,high burn-out rate among
Points' editors. Riedy said.

paper." said Riedy. “it takes

center opened

Today there are over 20.000

clcvcnth United States brunch
“befriending” rather than
it to those who cttll or visit the

 

 

 

\: i.‘

 

 

/

" Aid letters

<Front Page

“We seen more people here

than i've ever seen at any similar
program." added Bridget Lake. a
sophomore who wrote a letter.
. "People are concerned about
this issue and we have the
resources and the know-how to
help people get involved in an
issue they're concerned about."
explained Crowley.

“in past years. we let USSA in .

Washington carry the load." ex-
plained Gawley. “This year we
wanted to get more campus
groups involved.” ‘ '
,“it's more effestive to work
locally with your own .e'gislators
than to go to Washington." con-
tinued Gawley. “We want to con-
centrate on a realistic g ."

On Sunday night. students on
Alumni Quad wrote eighty letters
in opposition to the proposals. ac-
cording to Mike Miller. chair of
the Academic Affairs Committee
of Central Council. The cam-
paign on Alumni went “very
well” and reaction was fjvery
positive.” he said. “Everyone
was concerned when they realized
the impact of the proposal."

Students at Alumni Quad were
,“very enthusipstic about writing
letters." added Mike Brocci. who
helped work on the letter writing

‘ campaign.

“ccord'ing to Donald
‘Wh‘itiock. director of Financial
Aid‘ at SUNYA, the proposed
cuts include reducing overall aid
by‘twenty-seven percent. a $2.3
billion .cut; denying Guaranteed
Student Loans to students with
family incomes over $32,000;
eliminating Pell Grants. Work
Study land.NDSL loans to all
students with‘family incomes over

' $25,000: denying Independent

status to all“ students under
twenty-two years of age; and im-
posing a 54.0000» on total an-
nual aid to anyone student.
“One-third ofali students now
ireceiving assistah'ce Would no
longer be intitled to any aid. if the
/"proposal were to pass," Whitlock

wsaid “

Another reason for the added
concern this year. according to
Whitlock. is the fact that the pro-

apposals would set arbitrary cut-
v offs without regard to need. “_ln

\the past. they've tried to. reduce
. funding. Now. they‘re changing
. the parameters of the pro‘ﬁram‘to
exclude people frohn
consideration.” ‘

t (-1: .

Many stiidents said they oppos-
ed the proposai for personal
reasons. “i Wrote a letter because
I have a big‘family and depend on
a lot of aid.“ sald‘Ken Lane; one
student who participated.

“‘For'somo. it means whether
they can have ‘an 'hducation or
not." added another student who
wrote a letter'. Barry Pollack.

“i have a lot of fiiends. who de-
pend on this aid to‘ but; re. i
think it‘s stupid to cut this ‘ in-
crease defensc spending.”‘_ said
Melissa Moore. sophomore. \

"When people are in jeopardy
of losing thousands of dollars.”
said McCann. “they're more than

willing to take the time to write it ‘~

letter."

The letter writing campaign is
planned to continue on State and
indian Quads on Wednesday and
Dutch Quad on Sunday. accor-
dlng to Cowley.

Crowley also said that a letter
writing table will be set up at the
Financial Aid Office after the
campaigns on the quad! II com-
pleted. . E]

  

  

_ LIMITED SPACE IS STILL AVAILABLE. DON’T MISS OUT!!--PLEASE RESERVE NOW!

9

 «"‘r wmwmwwammmm.mma #0....S................-......a.....m....~ , W... a. ..  H... m. .-..  '

TUESDAY. MARCH 12. I985 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

DAYTONA BEACH and'the Plaza.
Spend Spring Break in the Sun, Sand and Surf on the
World's La est Beach ,
IN THE CITY THAT WELCOMES COLLEGE STUDENTS!

The famous "Strip" starts at the Plaza, recognized as the official Hotel of Spring Break. It provides superior facilities for
students including the Strip’s hottest night spots. Plantation Club and 600 North (the Nation's Best Video Rock Club)

     

        
   
    

TRIP INCLUDES:

Boundtrip transportation to Daytona Beach via modern Highway Motorcoaches
Seven night accomodations at.Piaza Hold
Iional one day excursions to Disney world, Epcot Center, deep sea ﬁshing and

at r attractions. v
A fantastic schedule of Pool Deck activities including our pool deck party. -
Professionally staffed personnel to make your trip enjoyable.
Discounts with Daytona Beach merchants and night clubs,
including the Plantation Club and 600 North.

' ION: 449-2850

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL
Why take any ether trip and pay for transportation to and from the "HOT"spol of Daytona Beach. Remember, you get

what you pay for. get the most—Daytona Beach, and the Plaza!

   

FROM:

    
 

   

   

     

   
   

  

 
      

 

Now, more ASP’s than
ever — Starting Friday

ALUMNI QUAD!

 

 

 

 

.._._....__._ _.._.’_ -._'__..._ ._._,___._.‘.__...—»h—_l

» Q Greyhound gives
1 -_ x r .theGreat Danes f   
    

, z:

 



   
   
   
  
 

      

I E}...

 

V-
J

v‘ JV‘eMxA/‘J

 

 

.. ' o C .
» . Round trip. Anywhere Greyhound goes.
This spring break. if you and your friends are days from the date of purchase.
thinking about heading to the slopes, the beach or So this spring break. vet a real break. (it) any

{I‘ISI home for a visit, Greyhound cart take you there. where Greyhound goes or $99 or less.
For more tnfomutttou. call Greyhound.

or only $99 or less, round trip.
JllSI ShOW US your college Silldciii LL). card Must twauttavalklmlk‘uc slink-til Ll). can] wxmlxut'htw. Noollwnlin'tutnts
I'

when outmrchnseyour ffvhoundtickvt- answersass:assassinst“
Your ickctwillthenbegtx iortravclforl5 traits. )llrrllmlt .Notvdkllut‘tumta.

' 

co GREYHOUND
_A.nd leave the driving tous.

 

 

  
 
  

 

o I1|ik5iilvyfhltlllil.ll|t‘a.IIK.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

