 

 

  

   
   
  
   
  

4a Aspects

The Movie. . .

The Cotton Club. Obviously, the story of the making of this film created expectations
so wide and high no film could possible satisfy them. Despite this, Coppola'sgangter
saga-musical-comedy gave it a hell of a shot.

What unspooled on the screens of America on December 14, 1984 proved to be a
highly original, extremely edited mess; but what an absolutely glorious messl

Coppola joined The Cotton Club three years into its development with the hope he
could create a commercially successful artistic motion picture. His previous film, Rumble
Fish, was an artistic accomplishment which died an instant box office death. Despite his ef-
forts to produce antartistic box office success with The Cotton Club, the film failed to per-
form well. Why? Perhaps it was the overpublicized fact that the film was winged, literally
made as it went along. Unfortunately, only portions of the spontaneously shot footage ac‘
tually appeared off the cuff.

 

, [98" I ‘ " :Aspects 5a

 

Gregory Hines

andman Williams trips the lights fan- Tap dancing plays a major role in The
Cotton Club. "it's so rare that you see tap

dancing on the screen," Hines observed. So

'rare, in fact, that Coppola filmed'many of
the tap sequences at foot level. "i really en-
joyed seeing it done that way because i am
interested in Seeing the feet," attested
Hines, continuing, "When i go to see tap‘ _'

. dancers i, invariably. look at their'feet. Vl'm

tastic. Dutch Schultz falls victim to a

furiom hail of bullets. The Cotton
Club reaches its inevitable conclusion. And
it's all a dream come true for Gregory
Hines, the man portraying Sandman.

4 Hines knew he'd eventualljrShimmy his
Way. across the.lsris'th.qf some, scresnu

Interviews by Ian Spelling

 

But his efforts demanded-a purpose. ’~’i»was~
determined not to dance in a film where i
would just get up there and dance. l

vlooking' at the step. l'm trying to pick up
the step."

One particularly powerful scene con-v

Coppola threw the dice and wound up with The Cotton Club. 50 many things about
this film were right. The costumes were impeccable. The lighting was perfect. Considering
how much footage was deleted from the picture in order to shorten it, the editing seemed
conservative. And the dance numbers could be called nothing less than astonishing. Bob
Wilber's exciting scorebrought many of the dances to vibrant life, while Coppola's roving

   
   
  

wanted the opportunity to dance, but in a
way that had to have some substance to it,"
he said. The Cotton Club provided ample
screen time for both dancing and acting.

tainng tap dancing places Hines in the-
Hoofers Club, where he struts his stuff
with the best of them. "it was burning hot
on an August day. We had all these great

 

 

cameras covered the majority of the sequences well.

The Cotton Club focused on people rather than on the famed Cotton Club. This
bothered many critics. So what? A picture should not be judged on the basis of what some
people believe it should have been. Rather, it deserves to be evaluated on the basis of the
images on the screen and their effects on an audience. Such was not the case with The Cot-

ton Club.

The Cotton Club was an epic in every sense of the word. it had superb performances,
exceptional production values, and its heart was in the right place. But the fact remains;
The Cotton Club never had a chance in hell. Perhaps, one day, the film will be re-released
in its long form on video tape or in theaters. Then again. there would be that much more

supposedly incriminating material.

When all is said and done, Francis Coppola can be damn proud of The Cotton Club. “'5
not a perfect film. by any means. But it is'an artistic achievement by an artistic man who

stayed loyal to both his art, and more importantly, himself.

 

 

 

 

James Remar

he critics and tabloids have put their
I slings and arrows back in the closet.
The public has had its say. But for
lames Remar, “Dutch Schultz” in The Cob
ton Club, many people missed the point.
“The film received adverse beforehand
publicity and hoopla because of the so
called budget. People did not pay attention
to the beauty of the film.”

Despite the fact director Francis Coo
pola's latest film suffered a premature box"
office death, Remar insists The Cotton
Club will endure. "it will be seen for a long
time to come, in many ways. like televi-
sion and on tape. The Cotton Club will
have legs," he said. Many critics lamented
the film’s length, but Remar sees the
release print as a pacifying part of an im-
mense whole. “i wish that more of what
we shot could have remained in the film."
He cited Once Upon A Time In America,
Napoleon. and The Battle of Algiers as
"very lengthy films. You can’t just cut the
content of them, you know. i wish there
had been more in The Cotton Club
because we shot more."

The unused footage is one of many
reasons for The Cotton Club's reported""'

$48 million budget. Remar refused to
discuss the monetary issue. saying, "it was
an immense project which existd only as a
dream for four years. Considering how
much time we, the people who actually
made the film together, had, it's a miracle it
holds together as well as it does."

The combination excess publicity and an
unusually high budget may be responsible
for The Cotton Club's failure to receive
any Oscar nominations. “I think it was un-
justly ignored by the Acadamy Awards
people. i really do. l'm very angry that peo-
ple like Molena Canoncro. who created
the rostumes, and Bob Wilber, who
created the original score, were left out of
ii. There is anui/ing photography. too.
Leaving out all performance aspects,"
Remar continued modestly. “it was really
wrongfully ignored. So much attention
was paid to the slightest detail."

Though the film was iinlccd four years
in the making, actual photography took lti
wccks. Dining that time, Coppola and co-
sir‘ccnwriter William Kennedy improvised
and literally built the film from its founda-
tion upward. "’llu'n- was a core, a
sulntanrc to the lilrn which never rcully
ilmrrgt-d. Film srripts are never written in

 

 

 

- stone. They have a great deal of spontanei-

ty. The only things that are written in
stone are Shakespeare and Strindberg and
~lbsen and Shaw, or O'Neill. You don't
change their work," Remar asserted.

Coppola and Kennedy apparently did
not find their work untouchable. Accor-
ding to Kennedy, between thirty and forty
drafts of the script were written. Such cons“
tant modifications generated more than the
usual highs and lows on the set. "One day
it's like ’We’re never gonna get this done. i
wish l could get the hell out of here.‘ The
next day.” Remar recalled, "it's wonderful
and exciting because. 'Boy, we just shot
something terrific.‘ I thought many times
that this was gonna be a hot film, other
wise l couldn’t have sustained it for as long
as it took to shoot."

The violence in The Cotton Club is
another point of vulnerability for the film's
detractors. “That people should get so
upsct at a motion picture when you have
people getting killed in the Middle East
every day..." Remar did not complete his
sentence. To him the violence of the ‘30's
was “brutal,” and Coppola’s interpretation
"low-key considering the times."

I’laying .r psychopathic killer demands a
degree of soul srnrilring at least for Remar.
"Ads of murder are not ones i perform

  

 

every day," he joked with a sly laugh. “in
order to draw on that place in your self
that could enable someone to kill. you
have to dig things up." Calling upon such
emotions has its negative side effects.
"They can get to you. it can make you
tense. it becomes vivid, it's scary," he said,
continuing in a serious tone, “but i take it
in stride with everything else that's going
on.’

Remar described his Dutch Schultz
character as a "guy angry at the world." but
refuted the assertion that Dutch hated just
about everyone. “Oh, i wouldn't say that
at all. i don't think that’s a fair assessment

of Dutch. He had a lot of affection for A

Richard Gere, in a strange sort of way. He
was very much in love with Diane Lane.
He had a strange way of showing it,"
Remar paused for a momeht and kiddineg
added, "perhaps."

in order to physcially bring Dutch to
life, Remar had his nose cosmetically
broken, his jowels thickened, his waistline
padded, and his hairline receded. "i'm a
very involved actor. i get totally involved;
sometimes to the point of exhaustion. i try
to put myself as truthfully as I can into
every part i do," he said. As for the shaving
of his head Remar remarked, "lt was fairly
uncomfortable. The hair took a while to
grow back. But it was worth it. Altering
your hair or changing the color of your
eyes with lenses is a natural part of acting.
However, l don't think it is a very good
idea to get a tatoo for a part or to per-
manently disfigure yourself.”

The name Remar is not a. household
word, yet. His credits include such films as

 

Cruising, The Long Riders, and The Wind-
walker, among others. He has appeared on
Broadway in Bent, with Richard Gere, and
on television in The Mystic Warrior.
Despite the actor's impresive resume,
Remar is perhaps best known for his role in
48 Hours. in Walter Hill's black comedy,
Remar portrayed the psychopath Nick
Nolte blows away at the film's climactic
moment in order to save a terrified Eddie
Murphy. Said Remar of his potential for
being labelled “a heavy," "l've been suc-
cessful in one or two interpretations of it.
So, naturally my "name has ,come up for
other opportunities. i don't want to play
bad guys for the rest of my career, ex-
clusively." in an attempt to break a mold in
the making, Remar accepted a role in The
Clan of the Cave Bear, which he describes
as a "good children‘s film. i don't necessari-
ly think it will appeal to the older set. We'll
see." Remar plays a good guy in the new
film, which co-stars Daryl Hannah. “A
neanderthal good guy,” Remar added with
a loud sigh of relief.

Does the young, up and coming actor
have a career goal? “Yeah,” he said, "I
would like to be the best that i can at my

craft and recognized for such. 1 also want -

the amenities of a happy family life, and i
would like to be as creative as my potential
allows. l'd really like to make this a good
fifty-year career. i want to do it all." Does
"all" include King Lear? "Yeah, surei”
Remar enthusiastically shouted, "l’d love to
live that long. That's a very exciting thing
to think about. it's a beautiful image."
Remar remained silent for a moment, then
deadpanned, "i hope I don't get that fat."
There was another brief silence, followed
by gales of laughter.

 

       
  

 

The film‘s climax gave Hines the perfect
forum for his fancy footwork to take on .
the added meaning he so desired. "l was
thrilled to do the a capella which was inter-
cut with the Dutch killing at the end
because there was so much to it. it con-
tinues, even furthers, the dramatic action.
That," said Hines, “is the way i want to
dance on the screen."

 

tap dancers who were sixty years and up.

loved it! i damn near dropped from the
heat and they kept going! I was really hap—
py with the Hooters Club. There was so
'much to‘that scene, too. it was wonderful
to shoot," he said excitedly.

As the credits roll, Gregory Hines' name
can be found beside the title "Tap im-

provography." "i just came up with that,"

 

  

We shot the scene all afternoon. And they '

   

Hines joked. "i don't set down any
routines. l improvise. What happens in film
is you do four or five takes of one scene.
Sometimes, after a couple of takes, 1 im-
provise the whole thing. Then i pick out a
couple of steps 1 really liked in the first
take and i then do it again in maybe the
third or fourth take. At that point i don't
consider it improvisation because it is
already a choreographed step. 50 i just
came up with "Tap lmprovography.” ”

It's no secret that black actors often find
assignments to be few and far between.
Hines believes the realistic representation
of blacks in The Cotton Club will open
doors for black actors in general. "i felt the
racism within the movie was well done. it
wasn’t so overly played it weighed down

 

 

 

 

 

Kennedy. He's won the Pulitzer

prize for his novel Ironweed.
witnessed a large increase in the sales of his
other books, and learned the ropes of film-
making and scriptwrlting firsthand during
the production of The Cotton Club.

His deep involvement in director Francis
Coppola’s gangster story/muscial comedy
was the realization of a~lifelongidream for
the Albany based writer. “i leamecl'a great
deal about script writing and l got‘to know
a great many people in the business. 1 en-
joyed the experience enormously; i feel it
was sort of an education under fire," he
said. '

Kennedy sounded more than satisfied
with his motion picture debut, despite the
lukewarm box-office response and several
critical lashings. "i think it’s a terrific ‘
movie; it was underrated by some critics. i
don‘t know why, but some critics reviewed
the hoopla and the cost of it."

Coppola has earned a reputation as a
maverick by Hollywood standards. His pic-
lures are known for going over budget and
over schedule. The undeniable fact that
The Cotton Club cost $48 million provided

I t’s been a hell of a year for William

 

  
   

      
    
    
       
    
    
   
     
     
   
     
    
    
   
   
  
  
      
   

 

illiam Kennedy

Coppola’s detractors with more ammuni-
tion. However, many educated
moviegoers believe Coppola is getting a
bum rap for The Cotton Club's excesses.
As Kennedy put it, "A number of critics in
this country are incapable of looking a‘.
Coppola now without looking at his past
relationship to big money. No matter what
he does he's going to be rapped. He's a

‘ whipping boy. They find they can sharpen
their teeth on his corpus.”

' Four years were spent bringing The Cot-
ton Club to the screen. During the three
years prior to Coppola's involvement near-
ly $15 million had been wasted. Many of
those involved in the project'actually credit
Coppola‘with keeping a tight grip on the
purse strings.

When The Cotton Club premiered in
December, 1984. many critics managed to
overlook the publicity surrounding it. Ken~
nedy, however, feels an inordinate number
of reviewers did not. "it's not everybody‘s
film, obviously, but it's a lot better than
you would think from reading the East
Coast critics' reviews,” asserted Kennedy,
continuing, "lt’s controversy that fuels its
own destruction. Once there's that much

.. hoopla, that much attention, in the. press in
"advance of a film, it is going to be judged

on the basis of 'can it live up to this
hoopla.’ No matter what It is, it is not going
to. it was absurd. Why couldn't they look
at it as a film? A lot of people. think they
did, but i don’t believe they did."

Once the controversy cools down, Ken-
nedy believes the film will be vindicated. "i
do. i really do. it is still playing around the
country, it's not dead yet," he said. Ken-
nedy has heard through the grapevine that
the film is doing exceptionally well in
Europe. "in Paris it broke all records. They
stood in line in this horrible weather, sleet,
to get in to see it. For the first weekend of
box office receipts, it broke the previous
record. And that was held by (Coppola's)
Aprxulypse Now. So you can see how
Coppola is revered over there." he

 

CONTINUED ON PAGE BI

  

on you. Racism was something that was
there," and Hines warned, "is still there. i
felt early on there might be the danger of
beating people over the head with it, but
l’m really happy to see that that was not
done. For example, from the black story’s
point of view. there's not a lot of hostility
and anger and blues. The blacks in The
Cotton Club feel good about themselves,
look good, and have a broad range of emo-
tions. i mean, when was the last time you
saw a black man and woman in bed
together (on screen)?"

Black actors are constantly pushing for
better roles. And they are looking for roles
which aren't necessarily intended for black
actors. The role of the tough-as-nails drill
sargeant in An Officer and A Gentleman
which earned Louis Gosset. Jr. a well-
deserved Acadamy Award was intended
for a white actor. "Not that a really fine
role written for a black person isn't a
wonderful thing,” Hines noted, "but there
are just a lot of roles out there that don't
have to be played by a white actor - or a
black actor. it could just as easily be a
Chinese guy." A Soldier’s Story and The
Cotton Club are just two of several recent
releases which present black people as peo-
ple, with a full spectrum of emotion. "l cer-
tainly think The Cotton Club is going to be
an inspiration," Hines prophesied.

The characters Hines played in Deal of
the Century and Wolfen were initially
created for white actors. "William Friedkin
(the director) offered me the role in Deal of
the Century. He had seen me in
Sophisticated Ladies and I think he saw me
on The Tonight Show. He just offered me
the role. 1 was happy to get the role," Hines
explained, "because, like Wolfen, the role
was written for a white actor. When I read
the script it said 'Dick Wittington - a tall,
thin, WASPy guy.'."

Well, two out of three isn't bad. Though
he didn't quite fit the description, Hines
jumped at the part. "For a black actor, a lot
of the time, it isn't a matter of selecting (a
role); it’s a question of the role that’s there.
It's either there for black actors and you go
after it amongst a slew of other black actors
or you're fortunate enough to be cast for a
role," he said, concluding in a most serious

. tone, "it's more a question of getting an op.

portunity and seizing it."

 

 

 

    

,.

The Cotton Club afforded Hines the op-
portunity to perform in tandem with his
brother, Maurice. for the first time on
screen. Their roles as brothers who endure
a falling out closely paralleled real life.
"There is a competitive edge to my brother
and i that has always been there, but those
were characters we just developed." Hines
paused for a moment and admitted, “My
brother and l did have an act. We did split
up, and we did have a reunion of sorts. But
our split was a whole lot more amiable
than that of Sandman and Clay."

The Cotton Club took 18 weeks to film.
During that time Coppola and co-
screenwriter William Kennedy dashed off
script after script, revision after revision.
“They turned out a script a week,
sometimes two, sometimes more. And cer-
tainly new pages came down every day,”
Hines recalled. "But it wasn't extremely dif-
ficult. There was a lot of joy, a lot of good
feeling. There was a lot of artistic satisfac-
tion during filming."

According to Hines no one ever felt as if
he or she was aboard a sinking ship, despite
the constant struggle to keep the project on
track. "Everyone was able to see the
footage, anyone who wanted to, and after
we shot for about three weeks Francis ran
all the completed footage for us," Hines ex-
plained. The actors and crew could see



    

if,

things were taking shape. images looked
sharp on screen and there was a sense runn-
ing rampant on the set that something
special would result from all their sweat
and man hours. As Hines put it, "Even
though there was all that drama going on
around the project, it felt good."

Quite a bit of footage shot for The Cat-
ton Club never saw the darkness of a
theater. This was done to reduce the film's
running time in order to give it a fair shot
at earning some box office money. Had the
film run too long, a theater might only be
able to exhibit it once a night.

To shorten the picture, several dance so:
quences glided gracelcssly to the floor.
Among these was Hines' "Tall. Tan, and
Terrific” number. Hines didn't sound par-
ticularly despondcnt over the loss of that
and other curtain raisers. “Except for that
initial rush when I knew the scene was
gone, I can‘t say I feel really bad. From the
get-go Francis spoke with us and dealt with
us as an ensemble. He told evr-ryone
’You'll have your moment.’ The scenes that
weren‘t in the movie Francis felt weren't
right for the story. Andi have a lot of trust
CONTINUED ON PAGE 88

 

 

