Apple II

The Apple ii is the grandparent ol‘thc personal computer industry. Eight years The [BM PC is the dotninant mem-

old, the Apple ii is the oi
classroom.

liet'atlse of its age and 1:
written for Apple lls titan
operating system and BAS.
most applications to rut
knowing much about the
itsell',

lint old age brings proh
The Apple ll was ("011ch
little memory seemed like
when any speed at all wast
it is easily outwitled by cor

Apple gives you a choi.
models that share the san
ing systems (Apple DOS
DOS) and software - the ll
Ilt‘.

‘l'lte lie is distinguished
exlxtosion cards to euston
modest 13.8 klli)l))‘lt' menu

The lie is both more por
ltuilt into it so you never t
lions.

The biggest strength ol'h

MaclNTOSH

m A III/)(‘I‘Xlllld

ll'lllIll'll'lllllllllllllllllllllllIllllllll I“I|

IBM PC

 

Apply today for the Sears Credit Card—
good at over 5000 Sears Retail and Catalog
Stores all across America

Your Sears Credit Card gives you nationwide credit at
more than 3000 Sears Retail and Catalog Stores all across
the country. And your Sears Credit Card is good at every
one of them. This means wherever you live, travel or
work— and wherever you may move — you have available
credit at a nearby Sears.

Choose from over 100,000 ﬁne products and ser-
vices at Sears. With :1 Sears Credit Card, you can choose
from an enormous range of products and services. and
just say “Charge it!“ Everything from clothes and catn-
eras, electronic games and calculators, to tires and a
tune-up for your car. Only at Sears will you find famous
Kenmore' appliances, Cheryl Tiegs"sportswear, Free

 

WSIXOﬂ'O'd
'IIVW ATdHH SSHNISHH

MINI) NOLLYDI'IJJV JEN
'0'.) (INV 313118302! ‘SHVHS

 

JES‘S‘MUU‘ AS ("Va 38 TlLﬁ SDHSOd

ll- 0S .Llli'llild

SS66‘51509 'II ‘HAOHD SHEINIAOG

MONV'NBS‘G‘KHJSN‘

 

"ll 'ODVDIHD

 

 

 

lllll

 

(lil'llHﬁ :il
kHV\\Z-i J l \
HDVJSOd OX

 

lllllllllllll

,.. ——.——_

 

SELLELS (IELIJN. i
3H1. \'l

 

 

Spirit bicycles and ROEBUCKS‘authentic western wear
Of course, whatever you buy is backed by Sears
Famous promise. “Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your
Money Back.” For over 90 years Sears has stood behind
this promise to our customers. All your purchases are
backed by Sears reputation for prompt and reliable
service.
You can buy what you need when you're short
on cash. Your Sears Credit Card lets you buy what
you need even though you may not have the cash on
hand. You can take advantage of Sears special sales as
well as everyday good values. You can stretch your
payments over many months if you wish. And there‘s
no annual fee or hidden charges of any kind.

You can shop from Sears catalogs when you’re
short on time. When you don't have the time to get
to a Sears Store, use your Sears Credit card to order by
phone from our famous catalogs. You can even arrange
for delivery right to your door. Just give your name,
your Sears Credit Card number, and say “Charge it!"

The Sears Credit Card.

One of the most valuable

cards a student could
ve.

NEW YORK RESIDENTS A consumer
unlit l’qltﬂ may he onlen'd in utttncdion with
this «win-anon. or subsequently itt mnnectlon
with the tIdelL'. rentwd or extension nit-rudlt
Upon your request. )ou will he in r

n tclllct’ or not a consumer credit report was
ordered. and it it was, you will he “h‘cll the
name and mum» ol the Lonsunter reporting
agent) ttut mrnisuetl the report

OHIO RESIDENTS The Ohio laws a allot discrimination mqulrcu that all creditor» nuke
credit t:|||t.lll)’ available to all tredlt-wonl‘ty ulMUth‘r.‘ and that credit reptnln agenda maln-
uin .1 name Cl’l‘dlt ltlxtorie» on each intiltiduai upon request. '11": on u eivi rights commit-
don a ministers compliance with this law

 

Get your Sears Credit Card by phone or mail
Call toll-free to a ply: 1-800-323-3274
In Illinois 1-800-942-7446

(Sorry. no telephone applications taken from Alaska.)
When you call, :tsk fora New Accounts Operator, who
will be happy to take all the necessary information
in only a few moments. Please call 9 AM. to 9 PM.
Monday through Friday, 9 AM. to 4 PM. Saturday.

if you prefer, till in the application on the reverse
side and sign your name. Please complete all the ques-
tions. This is very important because it helps Sears
make a fair and proper evaluation of your Credit
Application.

After you have answered all the questions. simply
take the application to your nearby Scars Store. Or. if
you prefer, fold, seal and mail it -—postage is already
paid.

As soon as your application is approved, we'll mail
your Sears (Ircdit (Iard.

 CESSING THAT
COME UP SHORT.

expand the Tandy 200’s storage
with 24K expansion modules, up
to 72K.

See it today
Come see the Tandy 200
(26-3860, $999) at your nearby
Radio Shack Computer Center,
participating store or dealer.

Radio lhaeli”

The Technology E‘ntzor'em

A DlVlSION OF TANDY CORPORATION

 

