 

4a Aspects

A mock proposal?

by Suzanne Murphy

TO: Gen. William Bellum, Nuclear Arms Commission,
Pentagon

FROM: Gary J. Ludi, Educate-a-Toy, Inc.

RE: Nuclear Line of Educational Toys for Children

This report is in response to our initial telephone conver-
sation and subsequent strategy meetings concerning a line of
toys to educate children on nuclear arms and nuclear war.
Our researchers compiled this report of the first phase of the
proposed project. I am submitting it for the committee’s
approval.

PROPOSAL TO THE NUCLEAR ARMS COMMISSION
FOR
NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND WAR LINES OF EDUCA TE-
A-TOYS

PURPOSE OF PRO/EC T:

— To desensitize the American child to the negative aspects
of nuclear weapons and nuclear war.

— To incorporate nuclear strategic terms and names of
weapons into the daily vocabulary of the American child.
— To make nuclear theory (strategy, war, and its aftermath)
a recreational activity for the American child.

ANTICIPA TED LONG TERM EFFECTS:

Our research shows that education and recreation during
the childhood years significantly shapes the attitude of the
adult individual. It is expected that the child raised with
these toys will become an adult with positive attitudes
towards the military. patriotism, and nuclear war.

NUCLEAR WEAPONS LINE:

MISSILE MAN: Target Ages: 7—12. Missile Man is a
plastic toy which, assembled, appears to be simply an exact
replica of the cruise missile (designed to scale). Detachable
and twistable parts enable the child to manipulate the
missile to create a robot-like figure. (This line is similar to
the popular Transformer toy.) Missile Man, the hero, comes
in red, white, and blue. The villian, Sinistar the Soviet,
comes in red. Both come with plastic silo and battery-
operated lit red detonator button. (Can also be used as a
night light.) impact causes the toy to automatically form
robot-like figure.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COOKIE THE CRUISE MISSILE: Target Ages: 2—6,
Cookie is a red, white, and blue soft toy replica of the cruise
missile. Children have positive associations with the word
"cookie." The toy has a smiling, friendly face and painted-
on hands and feet. lts right hand holds a detachable
American flag (with Velcro). Comes with zip-up fabric silo
with attached red rubber detonator that squeaks when press-
ed. The child can safely and manually "fly" the missile close
to the ground, over and into furniture. Impact will cause a
small flag with "BOOM" on it to shoot out the back of the
toy. Made with all non-toxic materials, machin washable.

Nl,./(.‘LEAR WAR LINE:

AFTERMATH: Target Ages: 77 Adult. A board game.
The object of the game is to survive the longest in the after-
math of thermonuclear war, collecting as much property as
possible by looting, stealing from your neighbors (the other
players), and by protecting your own property by "maim-
ing" and "killing." The game has a time limit of two hours;
each player is slowly dying of radiation poisoning, but can
get extra time by stealing medical supplies from the
hospital. Players can opt to quit the game by committing
suiiide , but they must first steal suicide pills from thc
Hospital

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

JOHN AND JANE DEDAY: Targer Ages: 7—12. The
John Deday doll is a good-looking all-American dark-haired
white male modelled after the young Ronald Regan. Jane, a
good-looking ail-American bionde white female, is modell-
ed after Christy Brinkley. When exposed to direct lamp
light, the dolls will glow in the dark, eventually developing
mild body burns (a tanned glow) and some scars. They will
also lose their hair periodically and grow it back periodical-
ly. (Good up to six months of regular use.) Each doll comes
with its own shadow to be placed where the doll had been
standing if the child imagines that Jane and John are out-
doors when a nuclear attack occurs.iAccessories include a
survival kit with, bandages, corroded medicines, ﬂashlight,
bottled water, canned food, and a machine gun to fend off
hostile neighbors and each other, if necessary.

BOMB SHELTER FOR THE DEDAYS: A scale size
metallic-like plastic shelter. Has one open side for easy ac-
cess and viewing for the child. (Traditional doll house
design.) One room, one door, no windows. Jane and John
just fit into the shelter. John's head will touch ceiling when
slightly stooped over. Accessories include a dead radio,
calendar, bottled water, canned food, shovel, and grave
markers (wooden crosses).

BABY AFTERMATH: Target Ages: 3—9. A life-sized baby
doll. Special features include: half right arm, no left foot, six-
teen toes on the right foot (an excellent way for the young
child to learn how to count beyond ten), and an extra large
head. When exposed to direct lamp light for fiVe minutes,
Baby Aftermath will glow in the dark. Slowly, mild body
burns and sores form on body and hair falls out. If toy is
kept in complete darkness for 24 hours, skin deformities
disappear and hair grows back. (Good for six months of
regular use.) The child may begin the process over and over
again. Baby Aftermath cries whenever touched. Comes
with hand-written birth and death certificates, bottle with
contaminated milk formula, and a red, white, and blue rat-
tie. No clothes, no diaper. (The child will strengthen skills
by designing clothes out of materials at hand.)

ADVERTISING STRATEGIES FOR THE FIRST PHASE:
— Saturday morning cartoon: "The Nukies."

-- Michael Jackson music video commercial: "Nuke It."
— Regional John and Jane Deday look-a-like contests,
leading to national competition.

SECOND PHASE IDEAS:

»»- Ethnic Baby Aftermath and Deday dolls.

w Cookie the Cruise Missile breakfast cereal.

 Picture books, pop-up books.

7» Missile Man Marvel comic book series.

-- Building blocks modelled after Russian architecture, easi-
ly assembled and easily destroyed.

As discussed in previous meetings with the NAC, 2 per‘
('i'nt oi the annual defense budget will iund the production
oi the toys; approximately $500,000,000. iiducate-a-Toys.
inc. will be under contract with the United States Govern-
ment for production and distribution of the toy lilies.

We anxiously await the Commission’s approval. ['1

Illustrations and cover by Joe

lzakhoff

 

 

' Looking
ahead in the

 

 

 

nuclear age

 

 

‘ . policymakers admit that isn't feasible with this system. Star

A Star Wars reality. '. .

_ by Tom Gaveglia

Reagan called upon "the Scientific community in our

country . . . to turn their great talents now to the cause
of mankind and world peace, to give us the means of
rendering-these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete."
Thus, the President announced his Strategic Defense In-
itiative, popularly known as Star Wars.

I n a speech to the nation on March 23, 1983, President

The idea of a space based missile defense system had been
researched for years, but now Reagan intended to make this
fantasy‘a reality. Today, Star Wars is the key issue in arms
negotiation talks between the United States and the ‘Soviet
Union, and it has become the focal point of the Reagan Ad-
ministration's nuclear strategy.

Star Wars is being offered as a way to "make nuclear
weapons obsolete" to appeal to the public, which has

become very aware of the threat of nuclear war. it is similar .

to past civil defense programs, which attempted to make
nuclear war survivable. Supposedly, if a nuclear war were to
occur, Americans wouldn’t have to fear a nuclear holocaust
because the missiles wouldn’t be able to penetrate the space
"shield." However, according to Star Wars supporters’ most
optimistic predictions, a perfectly working system would
destroy 90 to 95 percent'of incoming ICBM's. At current
missile levels, a lerkage of Etc 10 percent would allow 500
to 1000 nucleav - arheads to hit U.S. targets. This would kill
up to half of thc \merican urban population instantly, leav-
ing the rest to be finished off by fallout and epidemics, as
well as cause the collapse of the U.S. as a functioning
political state.

Consider a 100 ounce bottle of cyanide. If just one ounce
is lethal, there is no advantage to screening out 95 percent of
its contents.

Reagan claims that the Star Wars program replaces the
current strategy of deterrence with defense because it is
designed to protect cities and people. However, most

Wars is really aimed at assuring the survival of missile silos
and military posts. It would actually reinforce the doctrine
of mutual assured destruction. ,

Star Wars doesn't address, and is not intended to provide
protection against jet bombers, ’suitcase’ bombs smuggled
into the country, or cruise missiles (which fly so low they
can’t be detected by radar, let alone shot down from space).
Because these weapons can get by this defense, develop-
ment of these weapons by the USSR would be accelerated,
and the US. in turn will also build more.

Should the Soviet Union perceive Star Wars as very effec-
tive, they could respond by increasing their stockpiles of
ICBM’s to overwhelm .the 'shield.’ The more missiles they

.have, the more that will penetrate this defense.
It has been argued that if the United States continues the ‘

Star Wars program, the Soviet Union will do the same (if
they haven't already). But the Soviets don’t need to develop

1 a whole space based defense system to counter the U.S. Star '
hWars. It can be easily overcome by much less expensive

counten’neasures. Space mines and anti-satellite weapons
(ASAT’s) can, be used to destroy satellites. Thousands of
decoy missiles can be launched to confuse sensors. Missiles
can be shielded or rotated to protect against X-ray and la5er
weapons. Besides this, it isn't known if Star Wars system
will work as expected. It can never be adequately tested ex-
cept in a real nuclear war. '

The whole Star Wars program costs have been estimated
from $500 billion to $1 trillion, according to former Defense
Secretary James Schlesinger and senior Pentagon spokesman
of this administration. With the already huge deficit, the
military budget will continue to expend, while social pro-
grams including student loans, Medicare, and rural develop-
ment will have to be cut or eliminated. Taxes would likely
be raised as well.

Why do the Soviets strongly oppose Star Wars? Besides
hurting the U.S. budget, the Soviets do not want to spend
money on trying to counter it. However, the main reason
they are against it is that they perceive Star Wars as a part of
a U.S. first strike strategy. The U.S. could launch a preemp-
tive attack on the USSR, wiping out 90 percent of their
missiles for example. Star Wars would be able to destroy
almost all of the remaining ten percent, leaving only a few
to hit the United States, while the. Soviet Union would be
destroyed. In a time of severe crisis, this may tempt the
Soviet Union to make a preemptive first strike against the
U.S.

Reagan has said that he is willing to give the Soviets Star
Wars technology after it is developed. If this is so, then what
is the purpose of building Star Wars in the first place? If both
nations were to have a space based defense in place, the
situation would be more threatening. Each side Would want
to launch its missiles first for fear it would lose them later.

The most significant U.S.—"Soviet arms agreement to date
is the ABM treaty of t972. Both agreed “not to develop,
test, or deploy anti-ballistic missile systems or components
which are sea-based, air-based, space-based, or mobile land-
based." Star Wars systems systems by either side would
violate this agreement. This would cause the superpowers to

further escalate the arms race, and both would be pressured '
to break SALT I and II agreements.

What are President Reagan's motives for going ahead
with Star Wars? For one thing, Reagan and many of his ad-
visors believe that this system will work. For them, Star
Wars is part of a broader military policy that aims not just to
deter war through MAD doctrine, but to ’restore' U.S.
military superiority. Star Wars will not replace offensive
missiles, but will be added to them. Star Wars defense is
designed to persuade the world that the U.S. can launch a
first strike and still block Soviet retaliation. This doesn’t
mean that government officials are secretly planning to
launch a Pearl Harbor against the USSR, but many hope that
a threat of such a move will force the enemies to back down
in a conflict situation, such as the Cuban missile crisis.

Star Wars is also an attempt to undermine the American
peace movement. Instead of trying to get a nuclear-freeze
agreement passed, activists must now confront efforts to
fund Star Wars. Reagan 'is going full speed ahead with his
program, despite opposition In Congress, the scientific com-
munity, and even the Pentagon itself. So far, President
Reagan hasn't received everything he wanted, but.~ he has
gotten most of the funding for the next few years.

I Star Wars research and development has just started, and
it has not become embedded in the economy yet. It can still
be stopped. This will not happen by itself. We as students
must take action. We must keep aware of the issue and
educate others on this matter. Many members of Congress
are still not sure how they will vote for Star Wars funding.
They can be pressured by a letter, phone call, or personal
visit. The American people still have time to promote disar-
mament, not Star Wars, as a solution to the arms race. El

December 0, 1985 M Aspects 5a

 

. . . Star Wars
research and
development has
just started, and ‘
has not become
embedded “in the
economy yet. It
can still be
stopped. This will
not happen by
itself. We as
students must take
action . . .

 

 
 
  
 
  

 

 

 

