 

  

  
 
 

By Mike MacAdam
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

All week the Albany State football team
has been ralizing that their playoff chances
are riding on a lot of ‘ifs,’ ‘maybes,’ and
question marks concerning other teams’
schedules.

But the Great Danes will finally be able
to get their hands on something tangible in
the form of the Norwich Cadets when the
Cadets arrive at University Field Saturday.

Although last week’s upset to Cortland
takes Albany‘s destiny out of their hands.
the 4-2 Danes cart do their own part to en-
sure post-season play by beating a team
that Albany State Head Coach Bob Ford
considers as probably one of the greatest
rivals Albany has had.

"Because they are a military academy,
they are very disciplined; they are always
the same." Ford said. “They play just as
hard on the last play of the game as they
do on the first play of the game. whether
they're winning 30-0, or losing 300."

The gatne also has special meaning to
the Walt Whitman High School connec—
tion. Quarterback Mike Milano and wide
receiver John Donnelly. both Huntington
natives. are on the brink of smashing
Albany State records. Donnelly is current-
ly tied with '83 graduate Bob Brien with 67
career receptions and Milano enters the
game with eight touchdown passes to tie
the single-season touchdown pass record.
Both records demonstrate the tremendous
impact Milano and Donnelly have made
on Albany's passing attack.

3-4 Norwich returns quarterback Mike
Gallagher. whose favorite target is 6-4 split
end Gordon Leonard. They are joined by
senior tailback Bruce Johnson, who ter~
rorized Albany's defense in a 27-l7 victory
last year. Last year’s team finished at 9-1

SP0   Friday

before bowing to lthaca in the ECACs.

Gallagher, who is protected by what
Ford calls a “large. economy-size offen-
sive line.” rewrote the Norwich record
books this season when he broke the
school’s al|~time passing yardage record, a
mark that has stood since 1954.

Gallagher. who threw seven intercep-
tions all of last year, has more than doubl-
ed that total already this year. Norwich
Head Coach Barry Mynter feels they must
limit turnovers in order to beat Albany.

“We have to stop beating ourselves. We
only had it turnovers all of‘last year. but
we’ve really been putting our defense in
the hole this year." said Mynter. “We’ve
put ourselves in poor field position with
too many turnovers, and field position is
what it's all about."

Ford feels that the Danes must stop Nor-
wich’s Johnson at all costs. and Mynter is
quick to agree.

“Because we run from the l-formation.
of course Bruce is the important man, he’s
the mainstay of our running attack," ex-
plained Mynter. “He‘s so dangerous
because he has the potential to break a
long one at any time, but he can also be a
punishing runner inside who can wear
defenses down." '

The Danes left last week's loss to Cor-
tland with plenty of injured pride, but no
extraordinary physical problems. which
means that Mike Milano and the Albany
wishbone will be in full force and back on
familiar turf. Because Norwich has recent-
ly converted from the wishbone to the l,
Ford doesn’t think Norwich will-‘ try
anything special against Albany’s
wishbone.

"They are a wishbone team.” said Ford.
“Their staff knows the wishbone, so i
don’t see them doing anything other than

  
  

 

 

 

The women’s sOccer. team
was bootcdioutof ‘ ‘
contention fromthe - ,7
upcoming SUNYACs‘. -
See page 15

 

 

OCTOBER 25, I985

   

Split and Chris Haynor finds mnning room In the Springﬁeld secondary. The Dance
host Norwich at University Field Saturday.

their normal 4-4 defense."

Mynter agreed, but added an interesting
fact about this year's attack. _

“We know the wishbone. sure, but we
haven’t seen Milano yet because he was in-
jured last year. We don't really know what
makes him click yet," said Mynter.

Milano was handicapped by poor field
conditions last week resulting. in seven
fumbles, but Ford is confident that he will
be ready for Norwich.

“Everybody knows how the saying goes.
when a team wins, the quarterback

Great Danestry to stay alive against Norwich  .,

  

 

nonnative“ ups

receives too much of the credit. and when
they lose. he gets too much of the blame,"

said‘_Ford.‘ “Well, he’s our trigger. and »

he’s a mature young man, so i know he’ll
bounce back."

Norwich will also have to combat All-
East Honor Roll regular Denis Murphy at
defensive end. Ford feels that, given the
choice between running at Murphy and
running a“ ay from him, he would opt for
the former.

“i would run at him. because at least

14>

Anderson poses. double-threat to. Albany foes

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

He was a walk-on, a guy Head Coach Bob Ford had
never seen play. But as soon as Ford saw Wayne Ander-
son in person. he knew he had something special.

“Wayne impressed me from Day One." said Ford.
“He had incredible quickness, blazing speed, agility, and
a confident manner about him. We basically fell into
him."

That was two years ago. Now as a junior. Anderson is
recognized as one of the top defensive backs in the coun-
try in Division lll. as well as being an explosive kickoff
and punt returner. This is not your average walk-on

NOWAIO new use
Wayne Anderson alter his To return.

  

player.

As a freshman, Anderson transferred from the Univer-
sity of New Haven after one week at the Connecticut
school. Even though he had the talent to play at the Divi-
sion ll school. Anderson didn’t like the Division II
mentality.

“Everyone‘s attitude ~ was geared to playing pro-
football," said Anderson. “Their priorities were in the
wrong order, and i didn’t want to be surrounded by those
kind of people."

Anderson decided to transfer to Albany. His sister
went to the school, a quality education was a factor, and
of course, the football team was pretty decent. He called
Ford to express his interest in playing, but didn’t receive a
warm welcome at first.

“He was like, ‘who the hell are you,’ ” said Anderson.
“That’s funny. because l've neverhad that happen to me
before."

Considering his achievements at White Plains High
School, Anderson's reaction is understandable. He was
recruited by the University of Massachusetts, the Univer-
sity of Connecticut. New Haven and Springfield College
to name a few. Although Ford had never recruited him,
Springfield Head Coach Mike DeLong did.

“We saw him on film and he's a heck of a player." said
Delong. “He was a big-play type of kid on both sides of
the ball. He had exceptional speed, reflexes. and the abili-
ty to really break on aim“. He was a good enough of an
athlete to play ﬂanker, or even running back.“

In Anderson’s first game as a Dane. he didn‘t impress
many people. In the season-opener against lthaca. he
fumbled the opening kickoff and the first punt thereafter.
said Ford.

Things naturally get better as the season progressed.
but the team wasn't seeing the real Wayne Anderson yet.
That would come a year later. when Anderson forced
himself to concentrate on football, rather than dwell on
an unfortunate past.

His mother was suffering front cancer that first year.
and Anderson admits he was in his own world.

"i didn‘t sit down with Coach Ford until the end of the

year." said Anderson. “He was frustrated with the year 1
had and l owed him an explanation. It’s something I
should've told the coaching staff, but didn't.”

Anderson's mother died after his freshman year, and it
took some time for him to get over her death.

“For a while it bothered me," said Anderson. “I lived
as if she were still alive and pretended things were still the
same. For some reason, I just woke up. Things just have
to go on."

“i still look back," continued Anderson. "But that’s
all it is — just looking back. That's all i can do.”

Anderson put the personal tragedy behind him and
went on to have a year that earned him Ali~ECAC
Upstate New York honors. Nine interceptions and an
interception-return yardage total that topped the nation.
Deﬁnitely not your average walk on.

“Wayne is a step above Division ill players," said
Ford. “He could probably play at every Division ll
school and at most Division l—AA schools not obsessed by
height or size."

At 5’9" and 175 pounds, Anderson knows that his size
is the only thing that’s keeping him from bigger things.

“My size was one of the biggest factors leaving high
school." said Anderson. “They felt i wasn’t big enough.
i always ran a 4.5 40 (yard dash) and benched 300
pounds. i wasn't 6'l" and 195 pounds."

Not every pro football player is that big, and Anderson
knows it. He's visited the New York Giants’ camp for the
past two years to observe a little and dream a lot. For
now, Anderson’s content to be the best he can at this
level.

Defensive back coach Rick Flanders who played at
Maine. a Division i-AA school. said Anderson could pro-
bably play at that level.

“He would have to work hard. but he could step in and
play.” said Flanders. “Anytime he touches the football.
he's as dangerous as any guy on offense we have."

14'-

 
  
    

 

Vegetarianis

 

,9; .

 

eta

Friday, October 25, 1985

 

 

IT 6 politics of

 

  
  

Inside:

Knights in the Cathedral

Roches in the Hall
King in disguise

Aid in J.B.’s Theatre
and more. . .

 

 

   
 

 

   

 

 

