 

0“

By Rich Sheridan
and Jerry Campione

Despite a defeat in the opening round of

the NCAA Division 111 Tournament, the

1984-85 Albany State Great Danes basket—

ball season was a resounding success.

Coming into the season with essentially
the same squad that accumulated a disap-
pointing 14-11 mark last year, to expect
Albany to have such a successful season

this year would have been quite a lofty
dream.

But this year’s Danes came out with
plans to erase any memories of 1983-84,
and promptly rolled up an eight-game win-
ning streak including winS‘over local rivals
RH and Union.

in fact. the winning streak set a prece-
dent for the Danes' season as they also had
five and seven-game winning streaks. 1n

 

 

 

 

 

LUCKEV UPS

Danny Croutier unleashes a running jumper In the WP1 game.

 

26 sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Ci TUESDA y, MARCH 12, 1985

Albany’s season was full of surpassed goals

fact. their only losses came against some of
the toughest teams in Division 111, in-
cluding arch-rival Potsdam and SUNYAC
champion Buffalo State.

But, improving upon their record wasn't
the only goal for this years team. Head
Coach Dick Sauers needed 21 wins to
reach the 500 win mark in his career. The
'Danes set their sights on this goal early on
and methodically disposed of their op-
ponents. finally picking up win number 21
in the first round of the SUNYACs with a
91-66 thrashing of Brockport.

Although it was his 500m win, Sauers
pointed out that it ,was the team's let win.
showing how much they had improved in
just one year.

And improved they were. After missing
the SUNYACs in 1984. they were the
number-one seed in this year's tourna-
ment. which they also got to host for the
first time.

The Danes also received as NCAA Bid
despite losing the SUNYAC championship
game. This marked the first time since
1981 that Albany would be appearing in
the tournament. -

By far, the most important win of the
season was Albany‘s defeat of then-
number one-ranked Potsdam before a
highly-vocal sell out crowd at University
Gym in the Dane's last regular-season
home game. The win avenged Albany’s
loss in Potsdam earlier in the season and.
more importantly. gave the Danes a tie for
first place in the SUNYAC-East and the
right to host the SUNYAC championships.

in addition to outstanding teamwork
this year, the 1984-85 season was also
marked by outstanding individual con~
tributions from many of the players.

The team‘s cor-captains. Dave Adam and
Dan Croutier, provided the solid leader-
ship the team needed in its drive to the
playoffs. in addition. the experience. of
fellow-seniors Pete Gosulc. Greg Hart and
Jan Zadoorian was also an important fac~
tor in the Dane success. ' '

Croutier closed out his illustrious four-
year career at Albany by leading the team
in total points scored and assists and being
named to the All-SUNYAC Basketball
Team for the first time in his career.

Adam continued to be a scoring threat,
shooting 51.2 percent from the floor and
leading the Danes. in foul shooting
percentage. '
Hart ﬁnished his career with perhaps his

25>

 

 

u.-
LUCKEV UPS

Rich Chagman goes up for a lay-up
againstw I. 4

Dane skaters and year with 7-5 loss to MVCC

By Marc Berman
SI’OR TS EDITOR

it is on rare occasions when a hockey
coach rcprimands his club for being a bit
too physical. That unique circumstance oc—
curred last Saturday night. when the
Albany State hockey club was trimmed by
MVCC. 7-5. in the squad’s final game of
the season.

“We played with a lot of intensity. too
much i think." said coach Bruce
Pomakoy. who took over the position in
January. “instead of using ottr heads. we
were using our bodies. We were too con-
scious of taking the body and not eon~
scious of making the right passes.”
The club had good reason to be int

 

 

 

UPa
th

LUCKEV
The Danes ended their season wi
a narrow loan to MVCC.

  

Despite the fact this was their final game
of the season. the contest's outcome also
served to determine the winner of the
season series. Albany won the initial match
back in December while MVCC took
January‘s game. After Saturday night's
contest. proceeds of which went to
Telethon, the better team clearly showed
through.

“They're definitely a better-skating
team." said learn-director Paul Essner.
who was unable to suit up because of an
injured leg. “We might play tnore intense.
but they‘ve got the better talent."

Said Coach Pomakoy. “You have to
give MVCC a lot of praise. They kept their
shots low. and got the rebounds. When
they carried into our zone. they drew our
wingers in too deep and they were able to
get it back to the point.“

A sterling effort by John Knab kept
Saturday's game close for the first two
periods. The left winger accounted for
three of the five Dane goals as he recorded
his second hat-trick of the season.

Knab couldn't have done it without the
presence of his lincmate Mike Cavanaugh.
Knab‘s first two goals. which occurred in a
three-minute span midway through the
opening period. were the result of the puck
bouncing over his linctnnte‘s stick.

Nine rttintttcs into the game. Knub
directed the faceofl‘ to Cavanaugh. but the
puck squirted past his stick and rested
alone seven feet from the net. Knub bolted
to the puck and snapped it past the MVCC
goalie. tying the score at one.

Three minutes later, Knab pttl the Danes
up 2-1 on a power-play goal. Dcfenscman
Larry Hurtmnn centered u puss for
Cavanaugh. but once ttgttin 1t hopped over
his stick onto the blade of Knttb. who shot
it into the twinc.

“Two lucky goals." commented Knub.

Knab failed to use his stick on his third

goal, which knotted the score at 4-4. With
11 minutes to play in the middle session,
Cavanaugh sent a pass in the crease for
Knab. who stuck his skate out to stop it
and managed to direct it into the goal.

“1 was just trying to stop it.” said Knab. .

“The players on the other team thought i
kicked it in." -

That tying score came minutes after
another controversial goal. A penalty shot
was called against Albany when Dane
Mike Mulligan covered up a puck in
Albany’s crease. The referees had two
choices: to hand out a delay of game
penalty or to call a penalty shot. They
chose the latter. MVCC‘s Pat Webb made
the tnost of his breakaway opporiunity.
deking right and sliding the puck past
goalie Drew Rubin on the left.

sponrs BRIEFS .

Sauers honored

Albany State basketball coach Dick
Sauers. who recorded his 500th win this
season. was named Co-SUNYAC Coach
of the Year.

Sauers. in his 30th year as Great Dane
coach. tied for first place iii the voting
with Richard Bihr. mentor of the Buf-
falo State Bengals. the SUNYAC cham-
pions. The Bengals topped the Danes in
the SUNYAC finals over two weeks ago
at University Gym.

Other Danes commended for this
year's achievements were guard Dnn
Croutier and forward Adam Ursprung,
botlt voted to tile All-SUNYAC tcnnt.

Croutier. who led the team in scoring
average. will be graduating this year.
Ursprung. it further Catskill High
Séhool star. will be returning for his

 

After Knab tied it. MVCC got mean.
scoring three consecutive goals in building
a 7~4 lead five minutes into the third
period. .

Pete Leskody cut the deficit to 7-5 with
9:00 to play. but that’s as close as it got.
The Danes had several opportunities in the
final four minutes, but- they came up
empty.

The Dane season as a whole was far
from empty. though. Great strides were
made through the season despite their late-
season tailspin.

The club is planning on playing another
game for charity March 22 against a less-
competitive team. The Danes hope to meet
the Capital District Mites —- a team com-
prised of players whose age hasn’t hit dou-
ble digits yet. El

MARCH. [2, I985

 

'See

Mercurio repeats
as track and field
All-American in
35-lb. weight thro
.a e 25

 

 

Albanynasts flip to fOUrth place in E'CACs

lthaca takes first place

By Karen Armstrong _
in front of Albany’s largest
crowd this year. eight teams were
represented in the Eastern Col-
.egiate Athletic Championship ti-
tle (ECAC). The fifth-seeded
Danes did their ranking one better
on Saturday in University Gym.
as they ﬁnished fourth behind
defending champions lthaca.
lthaca fittishcd with 168.35
points. followed closely by Salem
State. Connecticut, Albany. with
158.9 points. breaking the 'old
school record of 155.10. and

Bridgewater with 150.9 points. v

There were also seven wild card
gymnasts from Ursenus. Hunter
and Rhodc island College. Cham-
pionship title (ECAC).

1n championship format. all
four events ran ,at once and
Albany drew vaulting as their first
event. Scoring their highest
vaulting total

season. all-arounder Brenda

Armstrong tied for third/ By do-.

ing this. she achieved her personal

best and tied the school record set '

by Sue Leskowitz earlier this
season (8.5). Vaulting in the an-
chor‘ position for the Danes.
Leskowitz scored an 8.35 to tie
for sixth. ‘

M The vaulting squad picked 

the spirit of the team as they mov-

ied into the second rotation—é the“

(41.45) of the'

Nora Bellantoni was strong for
Albany tying for the sixth place
position with an 8.1. Karen Bailey
placed second for the team with a
solid routine scoring. an im-
pressive 8.05. ’

Th .next rotation had the
Alba _ gymnasts watching as
they drew a bye. with lthaca on
the Uneven bars. Connecticut on
balance beam, Salem on floor and
the all-around specialists perfor-
ming on vault. The rest didn't
dampen the Danes‘ spirit as they
remained motivated to “hit'? on
their next event — the balance
beam.

Considered to be the toughest
event by some gymnasts. Albany
hit for a strong team total on
beam. Again. Armstrong scored a
personal best (8.35) and tied for
fifth as well. Commenting on her
performance. “Stretch” said that
“although it was my best score-

‘wise, the performance itself could

have been stronger.” Coming off
a strong season for Albany.
freshman Michele Husak tied for
SUNYA despite a fall. '
Albany moved to the floor ex-
cercise, and the audience watched
senior Jennifer Cleary tie for
fourth with a personal season

“ high of 8.25. And'again. Husak
"finished sixth. scoring a 7.9. On

her-farewell performance. senior

 

 

 

Carol Bert does a stunt on the uneven here Saturday at the ECAC tournament. The Danes

placed fourth.
all, scoring a consistent 7.25.

On the all-around competition.
the results had Sandy Picchio
from lthaca finishing first with
34.1 points, followed by Salem's
Wendy Gobielle and Rhode

finishing second. and third
respectively.

Albany’s coach Duval-Spiilane
referred to the gymnasts’ perfor-
mance as “Excellent; Everyone
pitched in — no one held back. A

DAVE lSAAC UPS

ECAC's. Duval-Spillane gives
Captain Lynn “Sarah” Saravis a
lot of credit for team spirit and
added. “i hope the present
morale of the team carries into an
even more

 

Croutier. the team's co-captain.
finished his four~year career at Albany
State by breaking the lOOO-point plateau
and eclipsing the SOD-assist mark.

.lntramurals

Tha Tailgunners captured two cham-
pionships in intrumurul volleyball this
past weekend.

Saturday. they captured the men‘s
crown. led by Kurt Davis. a former
Dane volleyball club star and Cotton
learn member. The Tttilgunners topped
Eat Sit-t and Die n in strenuous three-
gamc series. Clutch play was also turned
in by James Abernathy. the 6'5”. ruw-
boned spikcr.

The next day. the Tnilgunners cup-
turcd the co-ed crown, nipping the
Psych-outs lit the decisive mulch. 16-14.
The tenth trailed at one point 14-10
before they made their stirring
comeback.

uneven parallel bars. Sophonio’ri: l'Cﬂptain Lynn Saravis save her

island College's Kathy Drizza.

real team effort." Aside from the

sueccsfui 85-86
season." 1‘.)

Tam “Jake ” Jacobs: More than meets the eye

By Jeff Maliaber

if you’ve been on this campus for more than a couple
of semesters and you don’t know who Tom Jacobs is.
then you’re not trying very hard. Most of us can
recognize him from 150 yards just by “the walk.”

Tom has spent his’last four fall semesters playing
guard for the Great Dane football team. in those four
years. “Jake” has more than distinguished himself on the
Albany State campus. '

Beside the more obvious of his football achievements.
twice named all-ECAC and once honorable mention all-
American, he has come to be a symbol of the program.
Around Albany State. a lot of people use the phrase
“Bleed Purple.” Tom Jacobs doesn't use it. he lives it.

For the last two years now. Tom Jacobs has been cap-
tain of the Great Dane football team. Even before then.
the players and coaches saw him as a true leader.

 

 

 

 

LUCKEV UPB
Tom Jacobs takes a breather during a Dane football
game this your.

Said Head Coach Bob Ford. “With certain athletes
you can tell right away —- hey. he's going to be a great
one. We took one look in Jake's eyes and that's what we
thought.” The eyes indeed.

When you look into Jake's eyes, you see how he was
able to cram 250 pounds of muscle mass onto a 5’10”
frame. His eyes are literally on fire. as if he were pursuing
something or as if something were pursuing him. it’s hard
to figure out what drives him to work so hard. When Jake
is sitting in your suiteroom he is one of the funniest.
calmest individuals you can imagine. When he competes
or even talks of competing he becomes an animal. Coach
Ford speaks with a certain amount of amazement and
respect when he says, "Even when we played the lthacas
or the Hofstras Jake just dominated his opponent."

When you're the "captain though. you don‘t just have
to play well. You have to lead. That seemed to come
naturally for Tom Jacobs. When he was a freshman. he
joined some of the upperclassmen in shaving his head as a
display of team unity. That type of thing may seem to
outsiders like an attention-grabbing prank. but the
members of a football team have to endure so much
together that anything they shave adds to the strength of
the team. When Tom read the recent football column in
the ASP. and saw that it was critical of winter workouts.
he shook his head and'said. “You just don't unders-
tand." Now. the Great Danedttys are over. All the
awards and all the pain of college football are behind
him. So. Jakejust fades off into the sunset. right? Not exv-
actly. On March 24. with the help of Frank Funari, the
owner of the Little Horn. he will travel to West Point to
compete in the National Collegiate Powerliftlng Cham-
pionships. What's more. he fully intends~to win it.

This will be Jake's first big national meet and yet
Power Lifting USA ranks him number one in his weight
class. That's not too surprising given his statistics. Power
lifting is not what you see Uladimir Pisarenko engaged in
on ABC’s Wide World of Sports. Power lifting involves
three lifts. bench press. dead lift, nnd squat as opposed to
two. A power lifter has to display tremendous explosive
strength in his arms. legs. chest and back. Jake‘s goal for
the final three lift total at the nationals is 1.950 pounds.
That's 475 pounds on a bench press. 750 pounds on the

squat. and 725 pounds on the deadlift. Stuff that

shouldn't be attempted in your home.

Can he really beat all other college power lifters in the
242 1/4 pound weight class? He sure believes he can. He
said. “l‘m ready for this meet. l'm going into it thinking
that l'm going to win. My total for the three lifts will
definitely be more than last year’s winning total.”

So. after the championships, Jake will just finish up
school and go to work coaching high school football.
right? Well not quite. Down the road. Torn Jacobs is a
name which may be appearing on a USFL roster. Yeah.
that's right. He wants to play pro ball.

You may be asking yourself where a 5' IO" guy gets off
trying to play offensive line in the pros. it is a valid ques-
tion. His own coach. Bob Ford. isn't overwhelmingly op-
timistic. 0n the phone last Friday. he said. “Tom’s height
is going to be his major problem. He can run block with
anybody bttt whether he can pass block against the 6’6"
guys you see in the pro's remains to be seen.”

With Tom though. it‘s not a question of size. it never
has been. He sees it as a matter of wanting it enough.

I Said Tom. “l‘ve got to show my attitude about footv
ball. that i can play at 125 percent effort. l'm going to ,
prove to a lot of people that 1 can play at that level."

Someone thinks he has a shot at it. His agent is Los
Angeles financial consultant Bob Daniels. Mr. Daniels
also represents such other athletic underachievers as Lynn
Swann. When you talk to Jake about his height he rushes
to point out that Mike Webster of the Pittsburgh Steelers
is the same size as he is.

Tom Jacobs is taking on his toughest opponent yet. it's
not a defensive tackle. it's himself. He has to break out of
his own limitations to compete iii the power lifting chum-
pionshlps and to try and make the grade in professional
football. He has people like Frank Funari helping him.
but this is his most lonely struggle to date. His goals are
impressive and so is the amount of work he does to try
and reach them.

He was asked to sum up all of what he wants for his
future in one sentnuce. His reply was. "At the end. and in
the end. dare to dream." Tom Jtlt‘obs. "Jake." is a truly
uniqucindiVidnnl. l i

 

