 

 

Untapped kegs

We didn’t sign this in support of alcohol
or drinking. No student should, and we
believe that only a few will.

We signed this petition because University
Council’s decision earlier this week to ban
kegs and beer balls in suites violates every
dorm resident’s right to privacy, and gives
the university the right to monitor students’
behavior even in the privacy of their own
rooms.

Although dorm rooms are on-campus,
and thus under university jurisdiction, they
have been and should continue to be, the
private domain of the students who live
there. Students pay for their rooms and are
entitled to be treated as tenants. The Univer—
sity is the only landlord in town that would
dare to tell a 21-year old what size container
he or she can drink from.

This is not, as some administrators and
students have asserted, an issue of students’
drinking rights; the University, after all,
hasn’t completely banned alcohol in the
dorms. It’s an issue of a University Council
decision that reflects little of the preliminary
discussion, study, review and planning con-
ducted over the past few months. Each stage
recommended a realistic, enforceable policy
based on alcohol education and respect for
an RA’s delicate position as both a student
and a member of Residential Life.

The result of this is a policy that arbitrari-
ly sets a limit on the size of a container, but
has little to do with the actual quantity of
alcohol consumed, and doesn’t really pro-
vide for the educational awareness programs
that c0uld be many times more effective
than an arbitrary ban.

It’s the RA's though, that have been hurt
the worst by far. After months of stressing
the importance of not turning RA’s into
police, it’s happened anyway. RA’s are be-
ing asked to spy on their peers, putting them
in the uncomfortable position of invading
their friends' privacy, and sometimes taking
action against members of their own
section.

To resolve this, the whole alcohol policy
does not need to be revised. As the petition
above explains, the alcohol policy passed by
University Council is simply in need of an
amendment to the section on bulk
containers.

The petition should not be mistaken for
part of a pro-alcohol campaign. The issue is
student rights, not student drinking.

This Sunday. students will have the op-
portunity to add their names to the list when
Student Association officials go door-to-
door on all the quads inviting dorm
residents to sign the petition. Next Friday,
November 22, at 2:00 in front of the small
fountain there will be a demonstration
against the policy.

We encourage everyone to attend.
University Council has set a dangerous
precedent by mandating the invasion of our
privacy. Let’s put a stop to it while it’s still a
precedent, and not a common practice.

 

 

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

   
 
  
  

  

.49'1‘ ‘ ~
~—

\tlil\.\. Pill Oil ii  MAKE

ELORPl DO A \IMO‘. area A
Action! iilE‘il. ill-V HANDS
to clip

  

 

 

 

 

‘21’ Policy Unfair to RAs

The December lst change in the purchase age from 19
to 21 will undoubtably have profound effects upon the
University and more specifically the Residence Staff. This
is due to the reality of the situation —like it or not, over
70 percent of Residence programing somehow includes
alcohol. While the stated purpose of most functions do
not openly pronounce it. the harsh reality is that most
parties are centered around one thing -— drinking.
Anyone who denies this fact, plain and simple, is living in
a plastic bubble. The change in purchase age from 18 to
19 only somewhat restricted the nature and number of
these events, while the increase in purchase age from 19 to
21, for all practical purposes, eradicates them. Conse-
quently, in the future. Resident Assistants are forced to
explore other areas of programming — those which do
not include alcohol. This in itself is a positive step;
however, non-alcoholic programming is more time—
consuming. demanding and in most cases. more expen-
sive. Alcoholic programming provided administratively-
burdened Resident Assistants easy and cost‘effective
ways to bring together a large number of residents, and
help in the development of community.

i David Pratt

The institution, by the University, of a ban on kegs and
beer balls in individuals' rooms and suites makes a bad
situation worse. Students who are accustomed to drinking
in all likelihood will continue, with more of them taking
refuge in their rooms as santuarics of private indulge-
ment. Hence, Resident Assistants will be placed in the
unenviable position of enforcing the bulk container
policy when. in all likelihood. bulk containers may well
be more prevalent. While the policy is unenforceable, it
proves the University shows the same insensitivity to the
students as the N.Y.S. Legislature does. Instead of put-
ting a grandfather clause in the 241 year old purchase age.
which would allow the change to occur over the summer.
the Legislature insisted upon immediate action. In addi-
tion, the University. which clearly must conform to the
wishes of the Legislature. makes a bad situation worse by
banning bulk containers during the middle of a semester.
The University has several options which are more
moderate and have the same eventual result; for instance,
waiting until the end of the semester (or the acedemic
year. for that matter) to implement any kind of bulk con-
tainer policy.

Make no mistake, though, this policy is enforceable
and. if curent policy remains in effect. it will be enforced.
Undoubtedly the will of the Resident Assistants to en-
force this new policy is going to be tested. 1 have little or
no doubt. nor should anyone else, that this policy can and
will be enforced effectively. By effectively 1 mean that
while consumption from bulk containers will undoub-
tably continue, it will continue in a very discreet, respon-
sible manner.

The enforcement of this new policy will in some regards
alienate the Resident Assistant from their residents, mak-
ing life in residence potentially less futilling for both

 

 

residents and Resident Assistants. The implementation of

r \

the ban on kegs and beer balls continues the trend of
making the Resident Assistant position more ad-
ministratively oriented. It is stressed to Ms that they are
students first and RAs second. Yet this position is con-
stantly contradicted by administrators who have
characterized Resident Assistants “as at the very least
quasi-administrators.” This contradiction has led to the
continued increase of administrative functions o’n'm
already burdened staff.

The end result of this trend has manifested itself .in a
marked decrease in the number of students who have ap-
plied to become RAs over the past five years. One can on-
ly speculate upon the effect of .the ban onlegs and beer
balls in conjunction with a 21 year old purchase age as it
relates to the desirability of becoming an RA. However, it
is probably safe to assume that it won't increase or im-
prove a potential applicant’s desire to apply.

The majority of people who become RAs do not do so
because they want to bust up parties. stop ball playing in
the quad or. for that matter, ask students to remove a keg
or beer ball from their room. Quite the opposite, in fact.
To quote one RA,”These people saw an opportunity to
plan parties. work with many different types of people
and motivate others to see past the rigors of acedemia and
enjoy the other side of college. I really doubt that the
thought of counting tack holes even entered their minds."
For that matter, neither did the thought of having to en-
force this new policy.

If the University continues to insist upon increasing the
demands upon RAs. especially when it takes the form of a
controversial policy. then it is clear that remuneration
must also increase. There has been no increase in
remuneration for RAs over the pst eleven years. yet I
wonder how many administrators haven’t gotten a raise
over the past eleven years. It would be a different ques-
tion of RAs were being overcompensated, but a room
waiver and $250 stipend a year pales in comparison. Ac—
cording to Ripley's, long ago in a university far. far away,
RAs were once remunerated with room. board and tui-
tion waivers (not to mention less stringent policies to en-
force).lt is all relative to the times, I guess. but in very
real terms let’s compare $250 in 1985 to $250 in 1974. Any
psuedo-economist could tell you that it just isn’t the
same. 

Finally, the university will undoubtedly respond to this
charge with the reply “that they‘ve made several attempts
to secure more renumeration for RAs from the state
legislature." It seems obvious that this was not a serious
priority in administrators’ eyes. This seems odd. in light
of the fact that last year the administration was in an
uproar when frustrated RAs attempted to form a union.
For what it is worth. most Rm; 1 spoke with didn't ad-
vocate the formation of a union. but they hoped that out
of the whole thing would arise a greater sensitivity by ad-
ministration toward RA needs and concerns. So far this
sensitivity has yet to be displayed.

It is time for the University administration to act in-
stead of react. Not to be at all dramatic. there is so much
more at stake than bulk containers — the quality of life in
the residence halls.

rr

 

Open letter

To the Editor:

Statistics show SUNYA’s Jewish population to be in
excess of thirty percent of the school; a pretty fair amount
to whom this letter is addressed. As ‘gabbi' of the newly
formed “Traditional Students" group at SUNYA, 1 am
offering an open invitation to come and join us for Shab-
bat services every Friday at 6 p.m. (followed by a home
cooked Shabbos dinner at nominal cost), and Saturday
services at 10 a.m. (followed by Shabbos lunch - free). We
offer a spiritual uplifting; a relaxed atmosphere of
students from all different Judaic‘backgrounds. Services
are conducted n Hebrew and English, using a wide variety

 

' of tunes which add to the ﬂavor of Shabbot. We pray ac-

cording to the Torah's prescribed way of praying, with
men and women each performing their speciﬁc functions
according to Jewish law.

Services are held every Shabbot at “Shabst House,"
67 Fuller Road (Comer of Fuller Road and Perimeter
Road, on the way to Stuyvesant Plaza). For those who
prefer a more liberal. less traditional Shabbot service.
there is the SUNY A Chavurah. We hope to work together
to relight the ﬂame that has been lost arou’nd the Jewish
community. So how about giving us a try and enjoy a
Shabbos experience you’ll, always remember. For more.
information, feel free to contact me at 442-6758. Watch
for details of our upcoming Shabboton Nov. 23.

—Ken Sleinberg

No swindle

To the Editor:

This is in response to the editorial where Clare Mertz
accused survival game organizers of misinforming par-
ticipants of the game. In the accusation, Mertz claimed
that the organizers promised the $14 to include the bus.
This was never mentioned. The advertisement clearly
stated that the $14 would buy three games, gun rental,
goggles and ammunition. All other information was
presented at the captains’ meeting. It was announced that
additional rounds of ammunition would be extra as well

 

 

  

specks

Eotoblilhod In 19!!
Heidi .i. Gratin, Editor In Chlol
Dun Chang. Jouph Fulao, Managing Editor:

Allelacl bo a..|amea O'Sillllvan

o .ilone Wolnstaln

ASMI- can... I nrnn alumna
Auoolnlo ASPeotc Edtto ...I

 
   

 

 

 

  
 

 

Mlnhnial Eek
Sports Editor " ‘ '
Associate Sports Edllor.. .Miko MoeAdnm
lPon't‘aSuopiomcnt Editor
Editorial Pogo- Edltor ........ .. 
Mlnortly ‘" ' F-ﬂtm F Paulstewart

John Kunnn. Son/or Editor

Contributing Editor: Dean 8511. David L.L. Lookln, Wayne Poorsboorn
Editorial Mainlantn: Karen E. Back. Rachel Brutow, Porn Conway. Kan Dom-
baum, Betto Dumbo, Blll Jacob. Brenda schooner Preview Editor. Pun
Schuotonnan atoll wrllorI: Oilvln Abel. Jlrn Avery. Rene Babloh. Dave Btatla,
Loulle Cholt. Ethan Chuln. Ion Clements. Andrea Cor-on, Mike Dormansky,
Colleen Dostaurlar. Scott Elunlhnl, Cathy Errlo. Mam Fonton, Linda
Greenharg. Llnn Jneitcl, Davld Kuo. Stacey Kern. Melissa Knoll. Mark Kobrin~
sity, Corny Lovitan, Caryn Milka. stave Hoapo. Llsn Rluolo, Peter sands.
Mario Santacroea. David Splitting. Karon Sehlomy, Rlak Swanson. Michael
Skolnlok. Jim Thompson, Angelina Wang. Evan Welsomon. Frank Yunltsr

Margie Rountttnl, Buslnsas Manager
Stephanie Bohonaul. Associate Business Manager
Maura Kollltt, Jacki Midi-rally. Advertlalng Managers
Dan Flollhor. Sales Manager

 

 

Illllnn Amu sltbcr
" , " , I’ellell Clorotta
cinllllod “An-Im- | ° ‘ Tracie Paul

 

Advanlalng Solos: Karen Amulet. Frank Colo. Gummy Divingllo. Drew Fung.
Rich Lllt. Michelle Pllatt. Donna Sehreibar Advertising Production: Greg
Bohrendt. Betsy Borrolli. Eileen Chan. .Illl Genllll. Alyoa Margoiln. Annotla
Muller. Sharon Rood. Eric Roth. Pam Shapiro. Roxanna Tromblcy otllco atoll:
Ltn Elohim. Jannitcr Chacnlar

Kirsten Grist. Blnvnn Fisher". Alcoa/Ito Productlan Mlnngsu

cm” Turn-nth: Innnnlnn Dimuuu
Typiltlt Laura Balms. Llndn Chlcoster, Bel D'Amalo. Grace Flood, Tracie Paul.
Inga Sodlovuity. Pant Siroubor Porto-up: Chris Coleman, Nancy Creme", E.
Phillip Hoover. Todd Lnbo. Heather Sondnor. Amy Bllbcr. D. Darrel Stat, M.D.
Thompson Chauffeur: Jim Lnliy

Pholoanohy prlnoIp-lly luppllld by University Pholo Service. I student
rou

Chill Photographer: Kenny Kirsch UPB sun: Michael Ackormln. ahlrl Albert.
Myrna Bravo, John Curry. Lynn Dreitul. Chuck Ginsberg. Ezra Mournr. Marti
Matti-villa. Lin aimmonu. Llrtnoo Spurting. Erica Balcoel. Tanya Steele. Cathy
Etroud. Howard Tygor. Mink anrolil

lnltn contents oopyrtnttt t0" Albany Student Press Corporation. I" righll
unwed

The Albany Bludont Fran In published Tuesdays and Frldlyl between
Augunt and June by the Albany Student Frau Corporation. In Independent
not-torturotlt corporation.

Edltortoll are written by tho Editor in Chili with members at the Editorial
Board: policy I. lublcot to rovlow by the Editorial board. Advartlling policy
don not nlcuurlly reﬂect editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Btudrnt Prou, 00 320
uoo Wuhlngton Ava,
Albany. NV 12222
(titb) «sacraments:

 

 

as the bus. The bus was offered as a service to students
who could not find their own transportationi‘l'he daily
cost for the bus alone ranged from $140 - $195. This con-
stituted a big loss borne by the survival game. It was also
announced at the meeting that the playoffs would cost ex-
tra. Every team that participated in the game had
representatives at that meeting. Any misinformation
could only have been passed. by these team
representatives.

Mertz also stated that much stress is experienced during
the game. Of course there is stress. You experience stress
every time you come to bat in a softball game. Stress
makes for excitement and challenge. It is an integral part
of all competitive sports.

It is true that the survival game can be expensive.
Similar. games in New York and Pennsylvania charge as
much as $30 to play. Where else can you get a day full of
adventure and challenge for a price as low as this? Cer-
tainly not skiing. The bottom line is all who participated
had a fantastic time and we hope to see you all again next
semester- 5

. —Mltchell Gerber
Organizer of the Survival Game Tournament

Vigil for peace
To the Editor:

Next week is the Reagan-Gorbachev summit meeting.
This is the chance for both sides to negotiate a meaningful
nuclear arms control agreement. One area that will be a
major issue in these talks is the Star Wars (Strategic
Defense Initiative) program. The Soviet Union says it is
against Star Wars and wants to negotiate a ban on it. The
Reagan Administration plans to pursue this program. and
refuses to negotiate on it. Star Wars threatens to under-
mine negotiations on other types of weapons, as well as
become the most expensive and dangerous program in
history.

Dr. Peter Stein, physics professor at Cornell and a
founder of United Campuses Against Nuclear War. is one
of 1,600 scientists who have pledged not to participate in
Star Wars research. On Tues., Nov. 19, he will be speak-
ing at 2:30 in LC 2. and at 7:30 at the Unitarian Church
(across from Draper Hall). He will be discussing the pro-
spects of the Geneva Summit and Star Wars. This event is
sponsored by Speaker's Forum, Peace Project. and the
Robert Hoffman Memorial Fund for Peace.

Also on Tuesday, a candlelight vigil for peace will
begin at 6:30 at the armory on Washington and Lark.
Students planning to go will meet at the circle and take
the 6:00 Wellington bus. This vigil is one of several na-
tionwide to support nuclear arms control. I urge all
students to attend these events and be aware of what hap-
pens at the summit. The world’s future is at stake.

——Thomas Gaveglla

Peace Project
Classes for ‘21’

To the Editor:

While walking on campus last semester you would con-
stantly hear about the fight against “21 .” People are giv-
ing up — but the fight is not over. The Legislature is not
in session right now, and that should give us time to
prepare for battle. Face it, if the state ends up with its
wallet filled and faced saved with an alternate policy, it
will listen.

We propose this:

1. A class offered for 19 and 20 year olds. possibly
two three hour classes educating them on alcohol
awareness. .

2. Those completing the class would receive a state
I.D. allowing them to purchase alcohol.

3. The fee for the class will be set to cover the
amount of federal highway funding lost, and the cost of
the classes.

4. To eliminate income discrimination. state funding
of the fee will be evaluated by need.

Many of us would remember this type of policy with
the three hour driving course which is proven effective. In
the eyes of the Legislature. the following would be
advantages:

1. The way the law stands now, a 21 year old drinker
that has never been allowed to drink will be an immature
drinker. A 19 year old completing the proper course. who
has invested time and money into a privilege will realize
the responsibility involved with drinking alcohol. The 19
year old is much less a risk than is a 21 year old first time
drinker.

2. The fee would cover any loss of federal aid, and
possibly help the state economy.

3. The program will create several state jobs.

4. More lives would obviously be saved.

The only disadvantage to the Legislature's eyes:

1. 19 and 20 year olds would be treated as adults
(aren‘t we supposed to be?)
‘ —--l!arry S. Pollack
——Scott Anthony Smiley
Fathers of Tau. Kappa Epsilon

.iolhlo ...

No bus for us

To the Editor:

I am writing this letter to express the feelings of in-
dignation l and many other SUNY students are experienc-
ing over the SUNY bus system. As I understand it, our
buses are supposed to arrive at each stop on an average of
every ten minutes. So for those of us who live down by
Partridge and Main there should be no need to dispair if
one of those green monsters happens to cruise right by
due to overcrowding. Yes we can relax as we are assured
of the presence of another within minutes. And yes, isn't
it a marvelous feeling as only seconds later another ar-
rives on the scene equally as crowded and once again
cruises past. By now the average person is in a cold sweat
as the harrowing realization that he or she will be late to
class settles in. However. this is not even enough to com-
plete the picture, for after having the experience of be-
ing“ blown off" twice. you will now probably ﬁnd
yourself waiting at least 15 to 20 minutes for the next bus,
and the next cycle to begin again.

It would seem that SUNY buses are not coating every
ten minutes. but around two or three appear one on top
of the other around every 20 minutes.

This is to anyone who depends on the SUNY bus
system a nuisance, and to those of us who are a bit down
the busline an outrage. For not only do we have to
tolerate the tardiness of the bus, but we also have to take
a gamble on whether or not we'll even make it to the cam-
pus, as it seems that practically every bus is too crowded
to take us.

—Joc Cavalcante
—-Nicolina Leno
—Molly Mlhtc
—Mary C. Wilson
—Frank DeMartlno

Grilled cheese?

To the Editor:

Four years. 1500 UAS meals. 1 endured, 1 ate, I've suf-
fered. Broiled goldfish. raviolis with taco sauce. wilted
lettuce, and the list goes on.

At first it’s hard to accept cafeteria food and its side ef«
fects. Your taste buds rebel, your stomach churns, and
the industrial toilet paper just isn't cutting it.

After four years I’ve adapted. I’ve learned how to eat
UAS food. Since smell is 70 percent of taste I no longer
use my nose. I know the right combination of food which
causes the least heartburn and indigestion. As for side ef-
fects, 1 buy Scotties and save the school's sandpaper for
wood shop.

I am surprised I have lasted this long on such low quali-
ty food. Yet, I am not hard to please when it comes to
food. Give me a dozen fried shrimp and a chicken puck
once a month and I’m content. ‘

But, over the last month the situation has grown worse.
Hot lunch on the Indian Quad cafeteria has been pitiful.
To be more speciﬁc, 1 will use as a case example the UAS
product that has spurred me to write this letter:

Grilled cheese

What’s going on? When you think of grilled cheese you
expect to find two things — bread and cheese. UAS has
managed to include the bread (though often state) but
where is the cheese? They have consistently been using
only one small slice of cheese in their grilled cheese sand-
wiches. Only once over the last four weeks (Monday,
November 4) have they used two slices of cheese. It was
hot, crisp and melted —— perfect. But the next day they
went back to their old tricks. Soggy. stale. and one slice
of unmelted cheese.

I'm not asking for much. Just put the cheese back in
the grilled cheese.

—.leff Turk

 

 

Do you have an
interesting topic
to discuss?

Submit
“columns” to
the ASP,
Campus Center
329

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

