4a Aspects

 

 

 

 

A word about pretty girls:
They don’t usually date ugly guys.

when he ﬂexes, just like Joe.

always date the ugliest guys?”
They don't. . .always.
But sometimes they do. _

Ugly Guy Erik of Paris tries to use his “per
often get pretty strange. g

sonality” to impress Christine. Ugly gu can

It's a familiar scene; you and your friend, Joe McWASP, captain of the football team, are
leaning back against the bar at WT’s when across your field of ,vision strolls the most
gorgeous woman you’ve ever seen, that night anyway.

Now, 498 times out of five hundred, that woman is going to be walking next to a guy
who looks just like Joe, walks like Joe, talks like Joe, and expands two feet to either side

Once out of every five hundred times, that woman will be alone, causing Joe to im-
mediately expand two feet to either side and leave you at the bar as he follows her.

And once out of every five hundred times, that girl will be walking with a guy so skinny,
so plain, or so downright ugly that Joe turns to you and says, “How come the prettiest girls

     

date, for an ugly guy, is a challenge far beyond any faced by his more attractive counter-
parts. Not only does the ugly guy have to contend with the same basic problems inherent
in this saciety’s dating formula that every other guy must learn to deal with, he is further

hampered by dandruff, scabs, large moles above his eyebrows, or whatever else his particular
repulsive feature might happen to be. This puts a lot of pressure on his “personality.”

Now, to most college students, 'when the word "personality" arises in a conversation, it’s pret-
ty obvious that the person being discussed is at least somewhat ugly, because if he were good-
looking, no one would care about his personality. Because of this, the basic ugly guy
understands that to be socially acceptable, he must be able to use his personality as a weapon.
He must be witty, urbane, and charming . . . moreso than his counterparts, the nonnal-to-good-
looking guys, because these people can also rely on their looks. In the real world, the ugly guy
understands that to be popular with the girls, or even tolerated by girls, he must cultivate the
type of personality that will make girls wish he wasn’t so ugly. Once they start thinking that, the

 

ASKING

Ugly guys invite girls out on dates very rare-
ly (at least, ugly guys who realize their level of
physical attractiveness do), and when they do, it
invariably takes them much too long a time to
do so, as they will cheerfully spend upwards of
. a month agonizing over whether or not to ask.

' This is because the ugly guy understands that
he will probably be turned down when he asks,
so the longer he puts it off and attempts to get
to know the girl better beforehand, the longer
he can feel like he's actually got a shot.

IO.K., so let’s get a little unrealistit and
assume you’ve asked a girl out on a date, and
she’s accepted. Now, how to handle it. The
pressure is still on, because if you relax and
begin to enjoy yourself now, it’s all over. Per-
sonality, remember, personality. It's okay to be
yourself, but be yourself well.

DATING

On a date, the ugly guy is working fOr one
thing, that pinnacle of ugly’guy sexuality, the
goodnight kiss. Any higher form of physical
pleasure will prove too stimulating for an ugly
guy’s senses, and he will, undoubtedly, lapse in-
to a coma or die instantaneously. Of course,
there are exceptions to the rule, but whatever

 

 

ugly guy says to himself, at least I’ve got a chance.

the case, the pig-ugly guy must enter into his
big date (actually, any date for an ugly guy is a
big date) with a thoroughly planned, perfectly
executed strategy, which centers itself around
the all-important kiss. ,
Three popular ugly guy dating alternatives
are:
1.The Movie - the universal ugly guy dating
arena. This alternative offers the ugly guy the
advantage of darkness. No one can see his face,
not even (and this is key) his date, who is liable
to forget just how hideous he actually looks.
Also, the cinema frees the ugly guy from his
conversational obligations, allowing him to rest

. his supercharged "personality." Furthermore, if

the movie is good, it puts his date in a good
mood, and she would be more willing to . . .
(dare we say it?) kiss the ugly guy good-night.
Z.The Bowling Alley - A great release for the
pent-up frustrations common to all ugly guys.
The two most popular bowling strategies are to
either bowl so well that the date will be terribly
impressed with the ugly guys athletic prowess
and bowling skill, or bowling so poorly that the
date feels so sorry for the ugly guy, and doesn’t
have the heart to tell him he's a toad later, when
he tries to kiss her goodnight.

Pretty Girls and Ugly Guys

3.The Bar - Back to basics. Today, only the most
chauvinistic (or desperate) ugly guy still resorts
to this callous, but almost surefire method of
getting the girl so drunk she forgets who she's
with. The biggest danger at the bar, however, is
that there are a lot of other guys around, and a
slightly tipsy date is liable to. forget that she’s

date’s attention, sitting alone watching the
bartender wipe glasses puts a real strain on even
_ a drunken conversation.

 

MONEY
Unrequited love has been a central topic in
male conversations since the first prehistoric
tum-down, but it wasn’t until Shakespeare that
sensible advice on how to ‘win your woman
became immortalized in literature. Although
Bill "Shake 'em down” Shakespeare had no
trouble with women himself, he. obviously
understood the plight of the ugly guy pretty
well. The opening of Macbeth has the very
worldly villian, Iago, telling his friend Roderigo
again and again, "put but money in thy pocket.“
If you happen to be both ugly and rich, there’s
hope. The theory was that sometime around
1977, at the height of the Carter administration
as it happened, women were no longer in-
terested in marrying or dating guys with money
unless they also had Alan Alda’s personality. In

"his" date. Although an empty bar eliminates 
the worry of good-looking sharks stealing, the ’

 

ugly and rich, there’s hope.

If you happen to be both ‘-

 

retrospective, it’s easy to see that this was simp-
ly one 'of those strange occassions when the
media, the communists,land thé Alan Alda for
President Committee all teamed up to throw
that most industrious and gullible bunch" of
American males, the ugly guys, off their guard.
Don’t wonyl Although most women will not

financial position, well, let’s just say that the
more things change the more they stay the
same. Chauvanistic as it sounds, it's still basical-
ly true that most women allow themselves to
enjoy a night on the town. It’s also true that a
lesser majority of women will go out with an
ugly guy “just one time" at least if he wedges an
offer to pick her up in his Porsche between his
asking her out and her answer. Lavish gifts
never hurt the cause. Plastic surgery is an option
that only the rich-ugly guy can seriously con-
sider. Big sprays of flowers, though hackneyed,
are still very effective in helping a woman to
see just how "nice" an ugly guy can be
underneath his big sprays of blackheads.

Naturally, the majority of ugly guys find
themselves unable to travel the money route,
simply because there isn't enough money for all
the ugly guys. For the ugly guy who finds the
"personality" option too exhausting, and the
money route too financially constraining, the
only suggestion would be to accept the fact that
he isn’t going to get a date in college, and to hit
the library and study hard enough so that, four
years later, he will be making enough money to
market himself successfully.

Or at least to keep himself drunk enough,

 

often enough, so that he can forget it all. C]

openly admit to‘being influenced by a date's-

 

  

 

: I' guess so.

 

my anaconda.

Let’s  be‘fl'lendst 

 

maybe she just

UrnyT-hings arenft lookin g
' maybe you aren’t. On the other hand}
off ‘ with

broke

, somebody. v‘ “ .

 

‘l‘hav‘e't‘o stay home and bathe i-F-I'I-v-F' Congratulationsyou're not only an ug-
‘ ly guy, you're a very ugly guy.

This isa‘special- case. You‘re, ‘a;very,.~
Miss».  ‘

vein? nurses Bu

 
 

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

The Ugly Guy in the job market

When an ugly guy goes out into‘the real world, he’s facing the same serious disadvantage
he’s had to contend with all his life (he's ugly), but the effects of ugliness become more in-
sidious, {if less directly ego-threatening, as he enters the job market.

‘ The college-graduatelle'vel ugly guy, while leaving all the sophomorific jokes about crook-

' ed noses behind him, must'now enter a world where his ability to sell himself is far more
important than his abilities.‘ ., , a '

I So the ugly guy enters a situation where, if he forgets himself and begins to enjoy the

I , privilege‘of walking down a public thoroughfare without some.bored college sophomore
coming up to him and asking him what all that crumbly yellow~stuff in his eyes is, he’s in
danger of starving to death. You see, employers don't ask you what the crumbly yellow
gunkvin your eyes is.'They just write down cmmbly yellow gunk in eyes, and don’t hire
you. ‘

Don’t forget, colleges are looking for ugly guys (see section on Intelligence). Out in the
job market, this situation is treacherously reversed; the betterlooking you are, so the reason-
ing goes, the better you’ll be able to deal with people, and the more valuable you’ll be to
your particular employer. 1

It's a sad, ironic truth that after struggling through four years (sometimes more) of co‘
educational learning, after attending countless hundreds of dorm parties only to find
yourself off in a comer somewhere, talking to a plant, after spending your every waking
moment in the library because when you get thisdiploma, you'll make yourself rich and
then maybe women will talk to you, you can't get a job because nobody wants to be in the
same office as you for eight hours each day. .

' But as every well—adjusted ugly guy knows, there are ways around everything. Indeed,
with the sudden emergence of the computer geek as a viable commercial employee, the
1980’s ugly guy who knows what he’s doing can ride this wave of popularity right to the
top of some high paying profession. .‘

 
      

an I"

W”

  

0‘ Remember
__ I (about Ugly Guys)
The best form of birth control is an  guy. They make the word "No" so easy to use.

Something t

 

Intelligence and The Ugly Guy

The genius and the ugly guy have become inextricably mixed in the minds of many. This
may have a great deal to do with Albert Einstein, who, while not being really ugly, did
have some rather unique grooming habits.

Some feel that brains 'are a sort of divine gift from God to the ugly guy, something like
"So you can think deep thoughts when you’re alone in bed.”

Others feel that God simply enjoys taking the smartest minds, putting them in the ugliest
bodies, and watching them frantically scrambling to do something about it. This is the same
God who turned Lot's wife into a pillar of salt, remember. He obviously has a sense of
humor. ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

» .u . WM... ,. . A. .‘ .. .. ..  ,   .y- rm ,lmm.»u»m_~~ 4;p~,p_.I‘V‘-- ...r_
.—

Aspects 5a -

 

