MOVIES

TWENTIETH CENTURV~FOX

YOUNGSTERS AND VETERANS IN ‘COCOON’:
EAR'I'HLING STEVE GU'l'I'ENBERG DISCOV-
ERS ALIEN TAHNEE WELCH, HOWARD DIS-
CUSSES A SCENE WITH HUME CRONYN

Ron," says Cheryl, “because he got me home from a date by 9:30."

By and large, Ron Howard has remained true to his conservative
upbringing. He neither smokes nor drinks hard liquor, although
he‘s been known to put away a few beers. Although he’s always
earned good money—$1 million for directing “Cocoon"—he and
his wife live modestly by Hollywood standards. They both wanted a
family but waited until they'd been married ﬁve years to have their
ﬁrst child. Howard considers his “straight arrow“ reputation accu-
rate and concedes that, in an industry known for conspicuous
substance abuse, “I am not and probably never will be socially in
tune. [wasn‘t as a kid, not when I was on ‘Happy Days’ and not now.
People don‘t invite me to those kinds of parties." Howard admits
that he used to feel uncomfortable denying drug use in the past but
now, he says, “not drinking and not taking drugs is starting to

become kind ofhip."
S a lot of movies. He likes to play a little basketball, and he loves
to watch sports on TV. A big Los Angeles Dodgers fan,
Howard collects baseball memorabilia~including a 1927 contract
Babe Ruth signed to appear in a movie called “Lin ofthe Laun—
dry"—and he owns 2% percent of the Portland Beavers, a minor-
league farm team ofthe Philadelphia Phillies. More often than not,
hesimply spendstimewith friendslikeWinklerand,especially,with
his famil - “I now enjoy going to the zoo, and the trips to Knotts
Berry Farm can be heaven."

Most people will tell you that Ron Howard is a very nice man——
and he is. Dressed in oxford-cloth shirt, crew-neck sweater, blue
jeans and running shoes, he looksjust about the same as he did on
“Happy Days,“ except for some additional hair on his upper lip and
a little less on the top ofhis head. But don‘t be fooled into thinking
he‘s Richie Cunningham; he's much smarter, if not as funny.
(“l’ersonally, Ron's not a funny guy," says Tom Hanks. “When you
sit in a room with him, you don’t get bowled
over.") And he‘s so earnest that you believe him
completely when he says, with customary direct-
ness, “1 consider myself to have been extremely
fortunate, but I also consider myself to be a
person who is pretty good at taking advantage of
good fortune by working hard."

Maybe a little too hard. “It's a constant foot-
race between family and work," says Howard. “I
love to work and get a great deal of gratiﬁcation
and security out ofit." While on “Happy Days,"
Howard would write screenplays at night and
make 16-mm movies on the weekends—and his
first theatrical feature was prepared and edited
while he was working on the series. While he
claims to be a “reformed workaholic," during a
recent lull in “Cocoon,” Howard ﬂew to Ohio for
a few days to scout locations for "Gung Ho,“ a
movie that hasn't even been signed yet by a
studio. Says Cheryl Howard, “He said to me.

Days“ we're going to have much more time.‘

IS over and it's still crazy."

0 what does Ron Howard do for a good time? Well, he goes to

ALAN MARKFIELD—GAMMA-LtAtsoN

‘Babe. after “Hap
Well, ‘Happy Day

Which is why the Howards will be moving to the East Coast this 4

summer. By leasing a house in Greenwich, Conn., they hope “to
separate business from family. If you're in show business and In
LA... you can't get away from it all," says Cheryl in the family room
ot‘theirovercrowded West Coast house. (Even with three bedrooms
in the main house and an additional two in the attached guest
quarters, there is barely room for Ron and Cheryl, Bryce, their
three-month-old twins, Paige and Jocelyn, a nanny, four dogs, two
goals and three rabbits.) “Some people feel it's a real ' " 5
Howard. “because everything is going so Well and Los Angele

where all the tecisions get made." Considering. his box-cl 
record, however, odds are that the Hollywood decision makers WI“

| he only too happy to come to Ron Howard.
1' RON (llVIiNV

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MAY l‘lll‘

lining-um it"ﬁrt'l v
C 'l '1)! Pt‘qﬂa‘g‘r

 

w.“
Mitt x l ,
PMJJ‘
ThtConﬁ V  . ,.
mummy H.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

