.3. A, ‘ . t *I

22 A'L‘BANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDA Y,VDEGEMBER“6; as: "'9

 

 

 

 

To: The University Community

As you know, the State of New York has enacted
legislation that makes it a misdemeanor for anyone not a
parent or guardian to sell, serve, or give alcoholic
beverages to a person under the age of 21. There is also
potential personal liability exposure to anyone providing
alcoholic beverages to a person under 21 if that person is
subsequently injured, injures others, or damages

property.

The Statement of Policy Governing Alcohol Use
which follows presents University regulations, City of
Albany, county, state and federal regulations. It is

presented as one method

community.

to educate the campus

We seek your cooperation and compliance.

CAMPUS POLICY GOVERNING USE OF ALCOHOL
Introduction
The State University of New York at Albany is committed to maintaining an
academic and social enviornment conducive to the intellectual and personal
development of students and to the safety and welfare of all members of the
University community.
I. The University adheres to and enforces all federal, state, and local legisla-
tion governing alcohol.
2. The use of alcohol by members of the University community is permissible
at authorized events and under controlled conditions defined in this policy.
3. This policy governs the use of alcohol on all University and University-
related properties and must be in compliance with policies governing the use of
University facilities and applicable Solicitation Policies.
4. All individuals and organizations assume full responsibility for themselves
and for the conduct of events, including participants at the events, so that
federal, state, and local legislation and this policy are enforced. g
5. All members of the University community are expected to comply with the
provisions of the U.A.S. alcohol license and any other special (temporary) per—
mits held on campus.
6. Violations of this policy will be dealt with as prescribed by federal, state,
and local laws and by University policies and regulations in Student
Guidelines.
7. The Vice President for Student Affairs is responsible for implementing and
interpreting this policy.

GENERAL LEGAL AND UNIVERSITY REQUIREMENTS

1. Only persons twenty-one (2|) or older are to purchase, be sold, given, or
served alcohol.

2. No person (other than a parent or guardian) is to purchase for, procure for,
or give alcohol to anyone under twenty-one (21).

3. Anyone under twenty-one (2|) is not to use fraudulent proof of age to ob-
tain alcohol.

4. Anyone who is apparently intoxicated or is behaving in an intoxicated man-
ner is not to be served alcohol. '

5. All events and activities where alcohol is served must have appropriate
licenses and-or permits as required by state, local or University regulations.
The appropriate designee responsible for the fu nction, facilities or area makes
the determination of which licenses and-or permits are required if questions
arise. Requests for interpretations or appeals are to be made to the Vice Presi-
dent for Student Affairs (or designee) whose decision will be final.

. Thanks.
—- Frank G. Pogue

were“

Vice President for Student Affairs

6. At events and activities at which alcohol is available appropriate amounts of
non-alcoholic beverages and food must also be available.

7. Double proof of age is required at all functions where alcohol is served. The I

following are acceptable forms.of proof: 3.

a. Valid driver’s license.

b. Birth certificate.

c. Laminated ID card from another University-college.
d. Sheriff’s ID card or Police Department ID card.

POLICY APPLICATION TO UNIVERSITY AND
UNIVERSITY—RELATED PROPERTIES

A. RESIDENCE HALLS

1. Definitions

a. Residence Halls are defined as the total quadrangle, including out-of-
doors areas.

b. The boundaries of State, Colonial, Indian and Dutch Quadrangles are
defined by the first paved roadway or sidewalk adjacent to the quadrangle.
Additionally, Indian and Dutch Quadrangles include the playing fields im-
mediately to the West and East respectively during the academic year. Com-
mencing with Graduation Day and continuing until the Fall opening of the
academic year, the above referenced playing fields fall under the jurisdiction
of the Division of Physical Education, Athletics, and Recreation (PEAR) for
the purposes of this policy.

c. The boundaries of Alumni Quadrangle are defined by the exterior city
sidewalks encompassing the campus. .

(1. Facilities on the quadrangles used for non-residence purposes are
covered under the Academic Podium section. .

e. Alcoholic beverage functions conducted within the boundaries of the
residence hall but outside the buildings require a Special Function Request
Form and an open container permit if they occur in the City of Albany.

f. Any alcoholic function occurring within the quadrangle boundaries
catered by U.A.S. or one for which admission is charged by the function spon-
sor requires a special permit.

2. Responsibility for Administering Policy; Special Functions-Dry Areas

It is the responsibility of the Area Coordinator for each quadrangle in con-
sultation with the Quadrangle Board to provide for the administration of the
Special Function and Alcohol Policies of the University. This includes designa-
tion of specific locations such as ‘Flag Room‘. ‘lower lounge’, for example,
which are normally available for social events and occasions under the Special
Functions Policy. Certain areas such as Study Areas and Penthouse Lounges
are expressly designated as areas where the use of alcohol is not permitted. The
Area Coordinator has the responsibility for communicating these designations
to the residents of the quadrangle.

i

_..__________

 

 

 

 

3. Section Lounges and Hall Lounges

Section and Hall Lounges may be made available for approval of special func-
tions (which may or may not involve the use of alcoholic beverages) on Friday
and Saturday afternoons and evenings. These functions are to be governed by
campus policies and regulations and require advance approval.

Function sponsors agree to take responsibility for compliance with all state
and local laws and campus regulations, preventing disturbance to others,
damage to property, or conditions which pose a safety threat to persons or
property. Sponsors also agree to assume responsibility for the behavior of
their guests and for the actual charges for damage or unusual cleaning re-
quirements which occur. Application is made by filing the Special Function
Reservation Form.

4. Use of Alcohol in Individual Suites and Rooms

The University holds students responsible for the use of alcohol within their
rooms-suites. The University expects residents to comply with the laws govern-
ing alcohol and will be held accountable for such within their individual room
and-or suite.

The host will uphold University regulations to prevent disruptive and excessive
noise which may disturb others in adjacent areas; will enforce and be responsi-
ble for upholding both University regulations and local and State statutes
regulating alcohol, service to intoxicated persons, and general behavior. Fur-
ther, the host will assume responsibility for the behavior of her/his guests dur-
ing the event and while they remain in the building following the event; will act
to prevent damage, destruction to property and/or harm to persons.

No bulk containers (e.g., kegs and beer balls) are permitted in individual
rooms and/or suites.

Any social event, or the consumption of alcohol, beyond an individual room
and/or suite, requires prior approval through the residence hall special func-
tion form as noted within this document.

B. ACADEMIC PODIUM BUILDINGS

1. Consumption of alcoholic beverages in academic podium buildings is pro-
hibited, except for authorized social functions.

2. Granting of authority for use of alcoholic ‘beverages within all buildings
on the Academic Podium (with the exception of Lecture Centers and the Cam-
pus Center) is the responsibility of the disignee who bears responsibility for the
administration of the building. This definition of academic buildings includes
Dudley Observatory, the Gerrity Building, and other facilities rented or leased
for academic purposes.

a. The use of alcoholic beverages for a function requires the prior ap-
proval of the building designee. For this purpose an alcohol use registration
form must be secured by the sponsors of the event from the building designee.

b. Alcoholic beverages for functions in the academic buildings may be
provided only by University Auxilary Services, Inc. (UAS) or through the
functions sponsor.

c. If alcoholic beverages are provided by UAS or a charge is made by the
sponsor, a special permit is required from the State of New York.

3. Consumption of alcohol on the Academic Podium or in the area of the
reflecting pool by individuals is governed by the City of Albany Open Con-
tainer Ordinance (which prohibits such use unless a special permit is obtained).

C. CAMPUS CENTER JURISDICTION

l. The Campus Center jurisdiction includes the Campus Center Building,
Lecture Center Halls, all spaces on the academic podium outside of the
buildings on the podium, and the Campus Lake.

2. The use and manner of use of alcoholic beverages for a function requires
the prior written approval of the Director of Campus Life, or designee.

3. Alcoholic beverages for consumption within the Campus Center Building
will be provided only by UAS.

4. Alcoholic beverages at other locations under Campus Center jurisdiction
may be provided by either UAS or the function sponsor when proper registra-
tion has been received.

5. The consumption of alcohol outside the Campus Center Building is also
governed by the City of Albany Open Container Ordinance, (which prohibits
such use unless a Special Permit is obtained).

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  '
—————-————___..._ .

D. PHYSICAL EDUCATION COMPLEX

l. The Physical Education Complex consists of the Physical Educaion
Center and all athletic and recreational ﬁelds and areas for which it has
scheduling responsibility. The Complex includes the rectangular fields to the
East of Dutch Quadrangle and West of Indian Quadrangle between Com-
mencement Day and the first day of the Fall semester.

2. Ther presence of alcoholic beverages is limited to those functions approv-
ed through issuance of an alcohol use registration form by the Director of
Physical Education, Athletics, and Recreation (PEAR), or designee.

3. Alcoholic beverages for functions on the Physical Education Complex
may be provided only by UAS or the function sponsor — the manner to be
determined by the Director of PEAR, or designee.

4. If alcohol is provided by UAS or a charge is made by the sponsor, a
special permit is required.

5. Consumption of alcoholic beverages outside the Physical Education
Building is governed by the City of Albany Open Container within the City
limits (which prohibits such use unless a special permit is obtained).

E. DRAPER COMPLEX

1. This Complex consists of Hawley Library, Draper, Husted, Richardson,
Milne. and the Page Hall Auditorium and Gym.

2. The use of alcoholic beverages in the Complex requires the prior written
approval of the appropriate Dean in conjunction with the Downtown Campus
Administrator.

3. Alcoholic beverages may only be provided by UAS or the function spon-
sor, the manner to be determined by the appropriate Dean in conjunction with
the Downtown Campus Administrator.

4. If the alcohol is provided by UAS or a charge is made by the sponsor, a
special permit is required.

5. Alcoholic consumption by individuals outside the buildings is governed
by the City of Albany Open Container Ordinance (which prohibits such use
unless a special permit is obtained).

F. DIPPIKI LL

1. Camp Dippikill includes other structures and all grounds owned and
operated by the Student Association and/or UAS at that location.

2. Administration of this policy is the responsibility of the Director of those
properties.

3. All alcohol will be “bring your own." None can be sold by any
organization.

G. ALL OTHER UNIVERSITY SPACE

All other spaces not covered above, where alcohol 05 served requires submis—
sion of a Special Function Request Form and approval from the Vice President
for Student Affairs or his designee.

2. The use and manner of use of alcoholic beverages for a function requires
the prior written approval of the Director of Campus Life, or designee.

3. Alcoholic beverages for consumption within the Campus Center Building
will be provided only by UAS.

4. Alcoholic beverages at other locations under Campus Center jurisdiction
may be provided by either UAS or the function sponsor when proper registra-
tion has been received:

5. The consumption of alcohol outside the Campus Center Building is also
governed by the City of Albany Open Container Ordinance, (which prohibits
such use unless a Special Permit is obtained).

 

 

 

q
l

 

 

