_ RULBOFTHE'.GAM£

WHAT'S NERE. . .WHAT'S AHEAD FOR You
IN THE AMERICAN EXPRESS REAL LIFE PLANNER

You‘re unquestionably a quick learner. so we're confident you'll want
to pick up some pointers lrorn the information on "networking" that
lollows. to help lurther your career.

Be sure not to miss the November installment of the American
Express Real Ll/e Planner. You'll gain valuable insight into the “rules
ol the game" that can make your new lile at the otlice a lot more
successlul...and happier.

Get set to receive well thought out. and practical. guides to linancial
planning in our February. 1986 issue. Then by March. with your new
savvy about money management. you may have saved a nice little nest
egg and be receptive to our advice on investment opportunities.

it by April you've decided that you've had it up to here with

,  ‘. approaching the work world. we'll tell you all you need
to know about continuing education and the best way
to chart your luture career course.

Stay with us through the next lour issues of
Newsweek on Campus; they'll help you deal with the
most important issues of your lile.

Honor Codes
I was deeply disturbed by "Honorand the
Codes" (EDUCATION). Genuine honesty is
an inﬂexible, uncompromising trait. not
subject to redeﬁnition and reassessment by
society, or changing values. You were of
course correct in stating that codes are ef-
fective only ifthe students believe in them.
BARTON G. WILLIAMS
Honor Court President
Virginia Military Institute
Lexington, Va.

Cheating is wrong and should be dealt
with. but students should not be under pres-
sure to report cheating by a fellow student.
Being required to sign an honor pledge is an
infringement ofone‘s rights. The decision to
report someone else's cheating should be an
individual one.

GEORGE TURNER
Berea College
Berea, Ky.

Needed: More Cramming
i enjoyed your piece on cramming
(HEAL'l‘H). If your illustrator had done
more of it, he'd know there is no place on
this planet where the moon sets outside the

same window where the sun rises.

RoeeRT KUHN
University ofCalifornia
Santa Barbara. Calif.

Sophomore Burnout

l was outraged by Seth Rachlin's article
(MY TURN). It really burns me that an iridi-
vidual fortunate enough to attend a presti-
gious and expensive university has the gall
tocomplain, “Same old parties, rotten food.
It all seemed so bleak." Many would will-
ingly endure boredom and "burnout" for
the opportunity and ﬁnancial backing to get

through college. After all. a college cduca- ,

tion is not a right, but a privilege that must
be appreciated.

THERESA A. CARTIER

Maple Heights. Ohio

Joycean Scholars

Thank you very much for your kind no- .

ticc of my work in Jami. Joyce cri Icism in

“A Clili Behind the Notes (EDUCATION).

Alas. however, i am not the president ofthc

James Joyce Society. This position is held

by l’rol ack R. Bowen ol‘the Universityof
Delaware.

EDWARD A. Kovv‘ Jr.

Professor of English

Slippery Rock University

Slippery Rock, Pa.

. Letters to the Editor. with the writer‘s

name and address and daytime telephon
number. should he sent to: Letters Editor.

» Newsweek On Campus, 444 Madison

Avenue. New York, N V. 10022. Letters
may be edited for reasons< space and clarity

NEWSWEEK ()N (‘AMI'US/NOVI-ZMHER I‘lll'

 YOU‘wINDUPWISHINGIT *
g . . : WEREMORETHAN  '
 *‘ :onszEKENDAMONIHa 

You might find Lourself in a chopper, cruising the treetops at 90 miles per hour.
1

Or doing somet I
hat you won t ﬁn

the Arm Reserve. ‘
You'l get valuable skill training. Then one weekend a month. and two weeks each summer. you ll put

that trainin to good use. while receiving good pay and heme its.
But may e most importanti . you'll come away With a feeling deep down that you were challenged and

c h. A d th t d e ‘ t disa car when Monday rol 3 around.
cqngrehﬁgtlrg local rz‘krrrtyaReskits/2 recruit); about serving near your home. Or call toll free 1—800— USA—ARMY.

ARM RESERVE.
BE ALLYOII CAN BE.

‘ more down to cart . like repairing an electronic circuit. ’ ‘
g yourself doing is getting bored. Because thlS isn t ordinary part—time work. Its

 

 

