 

 

  

Sports Friday

   

NOVEMBER 15, I985

 

 

_ Women . swimmers set to
make a splash at Great
Dane Relays

See page 15 ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

HOWARD TYGAR UPS

Albany State quarterback Mike Mllano and Iuilback Dave Soldlnl execute the Dane
wishbone In the Danes' 35-27 win over Holstra.

Wagner Seahawks are putting as
much on the line as Albany State

By Mike MacAdam
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR

The Albany State Great Danes are about
to complete a long. tough ten-game so-
journ through Division II and Division III
country.

And the beast at the end of the tunnel is
Wagner College.

The Danes have had to scrap through a
schedule containing Division II teams and
some of the best Division III teams in the
area, and the Seahawks, ranked eleventh
in the nation among Division III schools.
are one of those teams.

But the beast Wagner has warmed up
for Saturday's collision at Fischer Field.
Staten Island. by feeding on a steady diet
of Ramapos and Glassboro States. That
leaves Wagner. at 8-l . enjoying the luxury
of an outright do-or-die situation to make
the playoffs, while the 7-2 Danes certainly
must win, but also have to rely on a sym-
pathetic NCAA selection committee that
doesn‘t normally award playoff spots to
teams with two losses.

“It's nice to be in a situation where our
destiny rests in our hands." said Wagner
head coach Walt Hameline. “In a situa-
tion like this. if we win. I feel we're going
to the playoffs. and if Albany wins, they
have a shot. too."

Two coaches who could be experts on
what to expect in Saturday's game. having
faced botlt Albany and Wagner this
season, are Cortland State‘s Jerry
Czarnecki. and Hofstra‘s Mickey

 
   

 

 

HOWARD "OAR UPS
Dane tailback Flo Mitchell.

Kwiatkowski. Czarnecki tasted the best of
both worlds. 28-23 over Wagner and 2I-I6
over Albany. while Kwiatkowski's ex-
perience this season was somewhat more
sour, losing to Wagner 20-10 and to
Albany 35-27.

“We felt that beating those teams show-
ed that we were at their level. but we just
didn't slug it out and show consistency in
the latter part of the season, and that’s the
nature of the beast. that’s why Albany and
Wagner are where they are." said
Czarnecki. “I feel Wagner has the advan-
tage physically over Albany. but (Albany
head coach Bob) Ford always has his
players prepared, so it will be very close."

Kwiatkowski preferred to make a more
concrete prediction, though.

“I think you are going to see a blood-
bath," said Kwiatkowski. “Whoever wins
will score 24-27 points, and whoever loses
will score 20—22 points. I wouldn’t be sur-
prised to see the game decided by a single
turnover or a bad bounce. And whoever
gets that break is going to win."

It doesn’t take years of college coaching
experience to realize that Albany’s defense
has to stop Wagner's rushing sensation.
freshman running back Terry Underwood.

"He‘s had an exceptional season," said
Hameline. “He’s gained over I.000 yards
already as a freshman, so he’s been very
valuable to us."

Underwood surpassed the 1.000-yard
milestone last week and scored ﬁve
touchdowns. including one by means of an
83-yard kickoff return. against winless
Ramapo College in the Seahawk's 57-6
laugher.

“Ramapo doesn't impress me —- Terry
Underwood deﬁnitely impresses me." said
Czarnecki. “Our defense encouraged them
to roll out. because we felt that we had two
choices: letting them turn Underwood
loose or making the quarterback roll out."

According to Kwiatkowski. however.
there's more to Wagner than just
Underwood.

“’I'erry Underwood truly was not a fac-
tor (in Hofstro's loss)." suid Kwiatkowski.
“He will probably be the best Division III
back when he's a junior and senior. but
right now he's all potential. They beat us
with a fine east of supporting characters.”

'I‘hat cast included quarterback Jesse

14>

 

Danes vs . Wagner: winnertakes ,al

Albany senior players could "end
season, careers on Staten 'lSland

By Marc Berman
ooNTRlaunNo norms

~It is-tradition at Albany State for the
senior football players to deliver farewell
speeches before their ﬁnal game.

Thursday night. after what could have
been their ﬁnal practice as Great Danes. 14
seniors got up and spoke. The themes of
the speeches were basically the same; they
hope Saturday’s game is not their last.

It won’t be if Albany State can defeat an
8-1 Wagner College team ranked eleventh
in the nation. It won't be if .Iack Butter-
ﬁeld's 7-1 Ithaca Bombers can topple
Kings Point. It won't be if Mickey
Kwiatkowski and his struggling Hofstra
team can bounce back and beat Western
Connecticut.

Those three events must occur. other-
wise thc Danes’ I985 season ends tomor.
row in Staten Island at Fischer Field. If
those events occur, the Danes will qualify
for the NCAA playoffs for the second time
in school history.

“We're going to live up to our part of
the bargain.” said senior wide receiver
John Donnelly. “We just hope Ithaca and
Hofstra can do their part." -

There wasn’t an Albany State player in~
terviewed that didn't feel that tomorrow
was the most meaningful football game of
their lives. -

“This is going to be the biggest game
I’ve played in since I started playing foot-
ball when l was seven." said senior defen-
sive end Rick Punzone. “This might be the
last time I’m ever going to put on shoulder

,pads so I’m going to be playing hard."

The rest of the Albany defense will need
that kind of intensity if they areto stop a
Wagner offense which has averaged 31
points a game. However. the Seahawks
will be without their number one quarter-
back. Jesse Foote. who had cartilage
removed from his knee Wednesday. In his
place, Wagner Coach Walt Hameline will
start a 6’4” freshman Greg Kovar in his
first varsity appearance.

“It won’t change their offense that
much," said Staten Island Advance
reporter Jack Minogue. 8 Wagner beat
writer for 21 years. “They might run the
ball a little more." ‘

Wagner's chief weapon is keeping the
ball on the ground. Their rushing atack is
led by freshman tailback Terry Under-

wood. who is an-All-Ameﬁcan.candidate

with 1106 yards rushing so far.

"He is joined by fullback John Chiofolo.
who is second on the squad in receptions
with 22. .The leading receiver is Herb
Bellamy, who led Division 1 Penn State in
receptions last year before becoming
academically ineligible. At Wagner, he is a
force, heading the receiving corps with 26

_ receptions.

“They have great balance on their of-
fense," said coach Bob Ford. “Southern
Connecticut is the best football team we’re
faced with this year. But Wagner might
have the best offensive talent we’ve faced.
They can do somany things on- offense
and that's what scares me the most."

Wagner runs the pro 1 set similiar to the
Norwich Cadets, who were shut out by the
Danes three weeks ago. “It’s people that
beat us. not formations." Ford said.

“We play really good against an I,” said
Punzone. “We held (Bruce) Johnson from
Norwich to 30yards a few weeks ago and
Johnson is considered a great back."

Most agree that the Danes’ defense has
peaked. Their performance in the 20-0
blanking of Buffan Saturday was nothing
less than spectacular. The defensive line.
Denis Murphy, George laceobaceio. Chris
Esposito and Pun zone have been stingy all
year. Linebackers Scott Dmitrenko, Frank
Sarcone and cornerbeck Matt Karl have
been dishing out punishing hits. And the
secondary continues to “bend but not
break." f‘We're playing as a unit.” Pun-
zone said. “At the beginning of the season
we weren’t.” ‘

Offensively. the squad sputtered in the
rain at Buffalo and Mike Milano's right
hand still hasn't completely healed. Ford
said that Milano can throw the ball. but his
velocity is slower.

“Out in the rain and cold during prac-
tice it hurts." said Milano. “But once the
game starts. 1 don’t feel it."

The wishbone attack might be slowed
doivn if the forecast for showers holds
true.

“We hope like hell for a dry track," said
Ford. whose squad drowned in the mud in
Cortland four weeks ago. “Our whole of-

fense relies on quickness. It’s tough to tell

a Fat McCullough to block a 230 pound
lineman with no traction.”
14>

 

 

DANE GETS A GRIP -- Junior Shawn Sheldon um
Great Dane grapplere as theﬁlhoet the levodthwzr'thlt't'; but? gm" wm In“...

Saturday. The competition in
College. Bolton University and

 

tender, Springfield. Story. page 16.

 

include Division I teams from 8 raouee ~Boston
New Hampshire, and a etrongyDlvilloh ii eon-

ane Olauio on

 

 

 

' v Sledgehammers to the street

 

 

 

 

spe

 

ctcS

Friday, November 15,

   

1985

 

time since Black Flag recorded their
first single, "Nervous Breakdown,”
back in January of 1976. Eight years later
they are working harder than ever to make
themselves a viable entity to as many peo

I t's been a long time. it’s been a long

V ple as possible. This is a rather monumental

task considering that Black Flag doesn’t
know the meaning of the word
compromise. ,

Joe Romano

First, let's backtrack a bit in order to get
familiarized with this Los Angelcs outfit.
Black Flag began as a Ramones-influenced
hardcore band led by guitarist Greg Ginn,

 

 

who is the only remaining member in ,

1985. As a matter of fact, there have been
a dozan members in all. The group gained
regional popularity, but it wasn't until the
arrival of their forth lead vocalist, Henry
Rollins, and the release of their first LP,
Damaged (called the greatest punk album
ever by Maximum Rock-NvRoII), that the
band became one of the top names in US.
hardcore.

Then the roof fell in. A series of legal
battles, over, distribution rights and

 

r.

‘ copyrights, prevented the band from

releasing any new studio albums for three
years. Most groups would have called it
quits, but not Black Flag.

In 1984 came the triumphant return of
Black Flag. By the year's end they had
released three LP: (one of which was a
spoken word/instrumental album) and a
live cassette. They had also undertaken
two tours which included. OVer 2.00 live
performances. There was a big difference,
however, in their music. The songs were
now much longer, more instrumentally
complex, and certainly more melodic.

This was blasphemy to the 30 seconds.
beat yourself and everyone around you to
a pulp, hardcore punk crowd. Many of
them rejected the new Black Flag who
dared to be progressive. This only showed
the hardcore crowd. or a large part of it, to
be as narrow-minded and adverse to
change as the people they accuse of these
traits. On the other hand, many dichard
fans remained, and new fans took the place
of those departed.

In 1985 three new LP’s have been releas-
ed (one of which Is instrumental). as has a
live video cassette covering WM. All three

 

 

albums were recorded in the same
weekend. The band also undertook a
16-week tour despite the fact that drum-
mer Bill Stevenson left Black Flag to rejoin
his previous band, the Descendants. An-
thony Martinez (ex-Dickies and Red Hot
Chili Peppers) stepped in ten days before
the tour and did a bang-up job.

and have even played some selected gigs
around LA.

The other two 1985 releases include the
heart and soul of the band, Henry Rollins.
Even though all four memebers of Black
Flag make this band great, it is Rollins’
heartfelt lyrics (he is an excellent poet) and
awe inspiring live performances that give

. . . Many of them rejected 'the new Black Flag,
who dared to be progressive. . . many diehard
fans remained, and new fans took the place of

those departed . . .

 

It is 1985 that l would like to focus on,
since Black Flag has always focused on the
present and future. The instrumental
album, the Process of Weeding Out, has
not hit the stores yet. You may be asking
yourself why they would release an in-
strumental album. The reason is that Black
Flag is very proud of their instrumental
prowess. Greg Gino (guitar) is nothing
short of amazing, with his psychotic style.
Bill Stevenson (all three 1985 releases were
recorded before his departure) is one of the
best drummers l've ever heard. . .a real
basherl Kira Is an extremely talented bass
player, though not as flashy as her
predecessor, Chuck Dukowski. Together,
this trio plays some mesmerizing pieces,

 

  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

.3,

  

that added pizzazz.

The first album, Loose Nut, came out in
June. It differed from their previous
release, Slip It In, in a few respects. First of
all, the songs were shorter for the most
part. Secondly, there was more variation
between the songs. in addition, several
numbers were characterized by a catchy
guitar hook running throughout the song.
Kira also tried her hand at writing music
and seemed Io capture Ginn‘s (who is still
chief songwriter) style remarkably well.
The similarities included Black Flag’s
trademark of an incredible amount of
energy. Ginn‘s twisted guitar leads, Rollin's
[hissionute vocals, and an overall style of
sledgehalmncr, razorvedgcd rockvh-roli.

 

The picks include the title track, about a
"Wild and Crazy Guy," “Bastard in Love,"
"l'm the One," and “Best One Yet." Also
noteworthy is the sing-a-long, "Annhialate
This Week."

The second LP is brand new, and entitl-
ed In My Head. It has the same similarities
to their previous work as Loose Nut did,
but it differs in that, not only are there
noticeable differences between the songs,
(the tempo differences and style variations
that caracterized Loose Nut), but there are
differences within songs, (mainly tempo
changes. They also shortened up some
songs even further, while lengthening
others. Lyrically, Black Flag still captures
inter and intra-personal conflicts better
than any band I know, except perhaps for
X

In My Head is harder to get used to than
their previous efforts, and this is definitely
due to the constant tempo changes,
especially within the first few songs,
"Paralyzed" and "Crazy Girl.” This is also
Greg Ginn's first crack at producing a Black
Flag album, and I think he may have
overemphasized his guitar a little. The
third song on the album is "Black Love" in
which Rollins’ vocals literally sound as if

    

 

they are coming from within your head.
while the music is coming from the ex-
terior. Next up is "White Hot," which can

, be best described as sludge-metal. The title

track closes out side one, and is a great
song packed with energy and some ex-
cellent guitar work. ‘

Side two begins with “Drinking and
Driving,” a protest song against. . . you
guessed it. drinking and driving. Personal-
ly, i think it‘s their best song since the
Damaged LP. lt packs the energy and style
of "Six Pack." The final three songs,
"Retired at 21." “Society‘s Tease," and "It’s
All Up to You” are nothing short of killer
rock songs. All nine songs are Ginn and
Rollins compositions.

What's in the lutmt: tor Black l‘lngl A
live video cassette and a cnssclle covering
1985 should be out by the year’s end. An
early mo [our is already in the works, in
which a new bass player will replace Kira,
who has parted ways with the band within
the last few weeks.

After lhat, who knows? As Henry
Rollins said, "Black Flag is a very vul.:l.iv
oulill. Wlmlevet it is, lhough, you can lac
sure it'll be done their way." i'

 

