 

 

 

1%
2p r
‘t

i , s1. '
rafﬂe

     

‘puausuap AT THE STA TE 'UNIVBi‘t’si'TifoF NE



VOLUME LXX‘II

Downtown parking crush eyed

By Lisa Filzzolo
STAFF WRITER

SUNYA students are leading a push to repeal Albany
altemate-side-of-the-street parking regulations because.
they say, the rule forces women into unsafe situations.

The current alternate parking law is in effect at least
two nights a week, depending on the neighborhood. from
midnight to eight a.m. According to Albany Director of
Trafﬁc Safety Robert Coleman. the reason for this law is
so streets can be cleaned and plowed.

According to Student Association Vice President. Ross
Abelow, parking is already tight in the “student ghetto"
area. “There is a lack of parking in most districts to begin
with when parking is permitted on both sides of the
street." he said. adding that when alternate side of the
street parking is in effect “there are very serious pro-

blems, especially when it is effective from 12 am. to 8 '

am. when most people are home."

“It is almost impossible to get a spot and some people
have to park six blocks away from their homes," he said.
explaining that people then have to walk home in the
dark.

Most students seem to want a change. Sharon Cassuto.
a senior at the University said that on alternate side of the
street parking days she often has to park in areas she
doesn't believe are safe. “I live between Central and
Washington. There was a reported rape on West Street
and there is a large parking lot there where many people
hang-out. it is a three block walk from West Street to my
house and it’s just not safe to walk after 12 a.m.’.'

Approximately three weeks ago. Cassuto said she park-
ed in violation of the alternate parking law because she

could notrftnd~ any‘par'king near her house and did “riot

want to park on West Street. That night, she said..sh€ was
ticketed for parking on the illegal curbside. One week
later the same situation occured and Cassuto received a
second ticket. She wrote a letter to the judge after each in-
cident, claiming guilty with explanation. but Cassuto said
her letters have gone unanswered.

“it (West Street) is a bad, dark street. You have to
walk down, and a lot of pebple park on the illegal side
and just accept a ticket.” said Casssuto. “it's just getting
more scary to walk around." she added.

Although the alternate parking law has been in effect
near Alumni Quad for many years. only one other ward
showed a desire to change it. Abelow said the reason for
this is simply that. “No one thought to change it."

The 6th ward is the only district that has been able to

 

“ALBA Y
‘ STUDENT
s PRESS



. ....4c:xrseﬂf,‘; .4.
( Q

r mm DnElFlls UPS
A crowded stroot'ln the “student ghetto"
"It is almost impossible to get a spot"

change the alternate parking law. According to Nancy

Berton. Alderwornan for the 6th ward. the law was

changed" to restriot‘parking‘duringjthe day l9. increase

night-.timeavailability v v- ~ -  r 

“It was not something done overnight. Based on" the
needs of the individual streets, the residents organized
and lobbied to change the policy. it was accomplished
over a period of five or six years. This is not to say.
however. that it cannot be done quickly,” said Berton.
“ Students are currently concentrating on changing the
law only in the llth ward because changes must be made
in one ward at a time. Said Abelow, “There is, a very high
concentration of students in the llth ward. We haven't
heard any other complaints from other districts.” The
ward includes Alumni Quad. most of the popular student
bars and much of the student housing on Hudson

Avenue.
5'

Friday
November 15. 1985

NUMBER 38

 

SA suit heard;
verdict pending
on Grouper Law

By Ken Dornbaum
EDITORIAL ass1swrr

A decision which could uphold or strike down ,
Albany's Grouper Law could be reached within two
months. said Steve Gawley, Student Association (SA)
President. The suit was heard on Thursday in New
York State Supreme Court.

SA originally filed suit against the City of Albany on
October 29 to test the constitutionality of the Grouper
Law. A stay was granted at that time which prevented
the city from evicting students listed in the suit.

An attempt by Albany to have the suit thrown out of
court was rejected Thursday by Supreme Court Justice
Joseph T. Torraca, according to Lew Oliver. Student
Association Attorney.

James Linnan. Special Litigation Assistant for the
City. said that there were several reasons why he re-
quested that the case be dismissed.

“The papers are defective," said Linnan. “The
pleadings are not properly pleaded as in accordance
with Civil Practice Laws.”

“Second. our ordinance (the Grouper Law) provides
for all the things Mr. Oliver says it doesn’t.” continued
Linnan. “He said it excludes housing for more than
three unrelated adults. but vou see this situation in
places like the St. Rose dorms and group homes,” he
said.

Linnan added that roorriing houses are legal but a
permit is needed to operate one. “like a restaurant."

"Our law is constitutional. He (Oliver) is relying on
a case from Oyster Bay that has no pertinence to this
case," Linnan said.

“Oliver should read the Belle Terre (Long island)
zoning case that went to the U.S. Supreme Court. it
was held to be constitutional.” he said. “Our law is
very. very similar to theirs. The Court said it was a
valid police power to control population density, park—
ing, trash removal, etc..” he said.

Linnan said that Belle Terre is located near SUNY
Stony Brook and that the case involved students. while

the Oyster Bay suit did not.
, 13>

Fieldh0use-Chapel House land swap sought

By Bill Jacob
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Following a May fire which gutted
Chapel House, the university and Chapel
House are negotiating an exchange of land
designed to better coordinate future ex-
pansion on the campus.

According to Vice President for Univer-
sity Affairs Lewis Welch. the university
hopes to use land Chapel House currently
owns for the site of the new athletic
fieldhouse.‘ which is expected to be com-
pleted by l987.

Chapel House has been offered universi-
ty property on Fuller Road in exchange.
said Welch.

By relocating its building. Chapel House
may be able to provide students with
greater accessability to Chapel House‘s
programs. Welch said.

Intended site of ileldhouse

\.KS'TV|N mum in; Int ~(
, " '\\,,
Ml/ .\rurttn norm
\ ‘
a. .

who»... up. mum

Uptown campus

accessible to students."
Kriss said the present location is not

/,. Proposed site of Chapel House easily aCCessible by car or foot and that

Chapel House would beneﬁt from being
located closer to the podium. “That‘s the
center for student activity and we would
like to serve students." he said.

The new Chapel House site will become
more accessible as sidewalks and other
facilities are built as part of the new dorms
being planned for the area across Fuller
Road. said Welch.

Chapel House hopes to complete the
construction of its new building as soon as
pssible because “it‘s very important for
Chapel House to keep in the public eye."
Kriss said. “The longer we‘re without our
building the harder it will be to retain the
student interest."he said.

Ground-breaking for the new Chapel

uThe two situations came together over The proposed ileldhouse would be located appalﬂo the gym and the new Huse is expected to occur sometime next
the summertime and resulted in the iden- Chapel House would be situated behind in. Inﬁrmary.

tification of a comparably-sized plot of

fall. unless problems arise from the ex-
change of land. Kriss said. “We wanted

land on the edge of the campus." Welch
said. The proposed site for the new Chapel
House is located behind the Student
Health Services building.

SUNY attorneys must now verify the
university's policies and determine exactly
what steps must be taken to have the we
change of land legally approved. Walsh
said. and the process is complicated by the
fact that Chapel House's land is privately

owned.

Although SUNY Central's Legal
Office has not received a specific proposal
from the university. Thomas Winfield. an
Associate Counsel. said that any exchange
of land would have to be approved by the
SUNY Board of Trustees and probably by
the New York State legislature during its
next session.

Chapel House is now situated on ap-

proximately 3.5 acres of land. said Rev.
Clary Kriss. President of Chapel House‘s
governing board. Kriss added he believes
tha university needs approximately one-
half acre of Chapel House’s current land
for the fieldhouse.

"We have more than enough land to
cede the one-half acre and rebuild on our
lot." Kriss said. but “if an exchange can
be 'nrrunged. we can get a location that is

to break ground during the school year
and we hope to be able to dedicate the
building the same year." he added.

“The proposed land exchange would
make feasible the most practical location
of the fieldhousc." Welch said. “Without
the swap we wouldn‘t be able to have the
most feasible location." he said.

The ﬁeldhouse, which will seat 3.000 to

13>

 

