 

r.» Jl(t

’l Vm'll

fifteen}? Efﬁdéhf 3131353? l2] ‘FRIDA‘I’I'. ﬁbyﬁﬁﬁéﬁ liti‘lyl‘if.‘ . . . .

NEWS BRIEFS

The World

‘Pass law’. reviewed A

Johannesburg. Sottth Africa

(AP) The white government Thursday

took itssecond step in two days toward

' revoking aspects of apartheid 'by .sug-

gesting an end to “passlaws” that bar

blacks from white areas and control their
movement throughout the country. -

Piet Koornhof. chairman of the
presidential panel that made the sugges-
tions. said Parliament probably would not
debatc.the issue until it reconvenes after
January 1. I986.

“Of course, this is a major step to
remove apartheid. But more important. it
is building towardt new South Africa.” he
told reporters in a briefing in Cape Town.

 

Express train crashes

Viseu. Portugal

(AP) vAn eastbound express train‘ carrying
hundreds of migrant workers to France
slammed head-on into a westbound local
train in the mountains of central Portugal

a Wednesday. At least 46 people died in the

 

blazing wreckage and more than l00 were
injured, news reports said. . _ t V

The seven-coach express. bound from
the coastal city of Oporto'to chdaye,
France. was behind schedule and did not
wait for the Coimbra~boundtrain to move
onto a siding. the Portugesc domestic news
agency ANOP quoted railway officials as
saying. ‘ ‘, '

The wrecked coaches derailed and burst

into flames. setting firerto a pine forest,
firefighters and witnesses said. Some cars
burned for as long as'three hours.

Search turns VVIolent»

San Salvador, El Salvador
(AP) Army troops and police raidedlZ
guerrilla “safe houses" throughout the
capital early Thursday, capturing suspects,
weapons. and explosives in their search for
the kidnappers of President JoseNapolean
Duarte'sdaughter.

One of houses was about seven blocks
from Duartc’s residence where police
found an American-made disposable anti-
tank rockct.' machine guns, Israeli- and
American-made automatic rifles.
grenades. explosives, and documents. arm-
ed I'crees spokesman Lt. Col. Carlos
Aviies said.

 

the N©ﬁﬁ©ﬁi
weapon test allowed.

, , 1 Washington, D.C. 1
(AP)  federal judge refused Thursday to
bI0ck Friday’s scheduled test of an anti-
..satellit‘e weapon. _ ‘_ \
,After 30 minutes of oral arguments-,1:
US. District Judge Norma; Holloway
Johnson denied a'request by four House
members and the Union of Concerned
Scientists for‘a temporary- restraining‘
order to halt.the test.-‘ V  . I ‘ ’
Johnson said.the plaintiffs failed to,
show that they would be successful._on the
merits of their case and did not have stan-
ding to bringithe lawsuit. .. r .

Giving blood lactate..-

_ . 7 _, H Philadelphia,lPa,,
(AP) Public misconceptions about .ac:
quired immune deficiency syndrome are
apparently keeping people from donating
blood and. as a-result, supplies in at least
three states are critically-low, health of-
ficials say.

“Giving blood is.an extremely safe and
easy procedure," said Dr. William C.

 

 

.t  '1

 

LARKFEST '85-Thls Saturday's Larkfeot will rock downtown Lark Street with 13 scheduled bands at two separate eta es.

faces at Lark and Central and at La

 

 

UPS

rit and Madison. The 'annual festival will feature two Boer Gardens. a flea market. of into

odds, and lugglors and clowns, nli between 9am and 5pm. All roads will load to Larkfest this Saturday.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS ’

 

 

   

 

 

(Services: in; Philadelphia.' “Yon (cannot
contact AIDS-.by‘giving‘ blood. Alli'needles'

 

A i

idi'sppsable, antidiiica‘rd " 'af'terlus‘ea,

' give. blood.‘f said ..Lenbre"a Gobe'l.' ya
‘spokeswoman for the Nashville. Imam
‘ fice of the AmericanRedLCross.’  ' '

   

» rhevsiatelff

ones. . t , _ .
“Some of those homes weren’t much to

replace them with modern homes in a

mi Conservation Commissioner Henry G.
Williams. I . »
Williams. in an interview with the Buf-
falo News, said, the State was prepared to
heat and maintain the more than 300

while a habitability study is completed.

(AP) Searchers combing the central
Adirondack. MountainsjjTltursday found

maze of boulders and it
alive. though sui‘i’eringsftotﬁ‘hypOIhermia.

Departmeni ‘of Environmental. Cpnser-
vntion spokesman Art ‘Woldt said l9 year,

 

 

litter and taken to Lake Placid Hospital.
oi'fieials said. wher‘ehis condition will be
better defined.

Passive smoke risk!

I New York
(AP) It's not as bad as even light smoking.
but living with a smoker can double a
non smoker's risk of lung cancer. accor-
ding to a new study by the American
Cancer Society. -

The study. to be published Friday in the
Journal of the National Cancer Institute.
is the latest in a series‘by various resear-
chers on so-ealled “passive smoking," the
inhaling of somebody else‘s tobacco
smoke. -

Past studies of non-smoking women
married to smoking men have split on the
issue of whether their lung cancer risk is In-
creased. The cancer society has said since
I98] that more research is needed to

 

answer the question.

 

  
 

(AP) New York's top environmental of~'
ficiai. says if the Love Canal chemical -
dump neighborhood is ever found to be}
safe. building new.homes there.migi1t -be.,
preferable tore-inhabiting thelcurrent.

begin with. and it, might be better to.

suburban-like setting." said Environmenw,

an atttistic‘Ohio, ma’n Iosttfotti'ive days in a ’
{kind said he is '

free listings

The Albany student Press will
hold its first General Interest
Meeting September 18 at 8:00
pm. in L0 20.

William Jones will perform on
Sunday, September 22 at 2:30
pm. in the Performing Arts
Center Recital Hall. Admis-
sion for students Ia $3.

Bible Study will be held every
Thursday at 7:00 pm. In Earth
Science room 232 beginning
September 12. it is sponsored

 

by Bible Campus Ministries.
The Traditional Ballroom Party
will be held in the Albany
Hilton Ballroom on September
20 at 9:00 pm.

The Adirondack Percussion
Ensemble will perform at 8:00
pm. Saturday. September 14
in the Performing Ar 5 Center
Recital Hall. Admission for
SUNYA students is $1.

Chinese Student Association

“will present a movie Sept.‘13

in LC 1. The charge for
members In $1300.

$2.00 and the general public Is
$3.00.

Five Quad Volunteer. Am-
bulance Service will have its
first General interest Meeting
and course sign-up Wednes-
day. September 18 In LC 8 and
Thursday,‘September 19 in LC
20 at 7:30 pm.

Albany State Debate Society
will hold its first General In-
terest Meeting Wednesday,
September-18 at 7:30 pm. In
the Humanities Lounge.

William Kennedy will“ talk
about-L-arowlng In A‘lbany at

7:30 pm. on APLA channel 9
on Wednesday. September 18.
Raquetbail Team will hold Its
first General interest meeting
Thursday. September 19 at
7:00 pm. in room 123 of the

gym.

UB40 wll perform In ,Proctor’s
Theater on Tuesday,
September 24 at 8:00 pm. Ad-

mlsion for general public is
$13.00. ‘
NYPIHG will hold its first

General interest Meeting ’on
Thursday.‘Septembar 19 at
7:30 pm. in Campus Confer
Assembly Hall.

Anyone Interested in Studying
Abroad contact International
Programs University library
basement 36 or call 442-3525:

“Creating Feminist Social
Change," an evening of video,
displays and discussion will
be held Thursday. September
19. 7:30-9:30 pm. at the Albany
Public Library. ,
"American ' Marketing" Associa-
tion will present Johrt
Casaese’ speaking on' resume

wrltl'ngand interviews. Thura- A

day September 19 at 7:30PM in
.LC'21"""  -

 

 

nonrnembaremittittexcatda ls. .1

 

__-o—‘—- ‘—

___.l ‘

' fSherwood. directoriof Reddcrosslhiobd, >

“some people have 'thc’rttistaltcn-‘irné i
pression that they can get AIDS when they -

 

: Love can'al'jexa‘mlno‘d a

vacated homes in the Love Canal area I

Ohio mani_re‘scued,vi 

thltj'e Placid .

old Ronald Adams of Ohio was i‘ou'nd'at V
about it am. Thursday in the Nye Brook _
area-nearelndian Pass inth'e High Peaks
region. Adams is to be brought down on a ~

‘and equipment ,used are... brand “new...” H

. new. position—Associate Vice President

I tionstVice President for-Academic Plann-

 

 

By Bill Jacob,
STAFF WRITER ‘

Students may not feel the effects of ad-"
ministrative changes made thissnmme‘r at"
SUNYA. but University President Vincent
O’Leary says students   better
computing facilities and technicalsy'l’stems
as a result. - .  t '- ‘

‘ The major change is: the creation'of a V

for Information systems and Technology. ‘
also the Vice president for Research and
Educational, Development position was
terthina‘ted infordet'to create'two new posi-

ingand Devéiopmént'and Vice President
forResearch and Gfaduate Studies. 1  ,
In addition. Judith Ramaley‘. Vice Presi-
dent for Academic Affairs, has been pro-
moted to Executive Vice President for
Academic Affairs. This change, O'Lcary '
said. will allow her to coordinate her divi-
sion for academic affairs and the research
and graduate studies division. ‘1 ' .
“I now have a coordinating role with
these two other vice presidential'divlsion.”
Ramaley said. “We are essetially. three
special colleagues because any major deci-
sion has to be discussed amongst us before
somexrecommendation goes to the presi-
dent. In the past that wasn't necessary; by
courtesy. it often'happened, but it wasn't

SUNY Central Building
“A new era for the State University. "

  

 

’

necessary for it to happen." .
The administrativc’changcs that wer
made are designed to better-manage the
university, said Ramaley. “We make
changes when it seems to be functionally
appropriate." she said. “My guess is that
we’ll let this sit for a while. try it out, and
see if this is a good way of doing it."
The biggest change in the administration
was the creation of the Associate Vice
President for Information Systems and

 

By Ken Dornbaum
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

university in the nation."

the bills are:

agency.

In a move which signals “a new era for the State
University of New York" according to SUNY Chancellor
Clifton Wharton, legislation has been enacted to address
the recommendations of a report issued by the Commis-
sion on the Future of the State University.

, I The report, entitled “The State University of,,New

- York: The Challenge and the Choice" wasissuediast
' January. While the report praised SUNY’s progress,'it "

charged that it had become “the most over-regulated

Four bills were signed by Governor Mario Cuomo, ac-
cording to John Crisanti. Policy Analyst for the New
York State Senate. Among the improvements provided by

Authorization to transfer funds among programs
within each campus, between campuses and central ad-
ministration, within specified limits . . .

Increased limits for purchases of equipment. materials,
supplies and services without prior approval of any state

Authorization of SUNY Trustees to classify-profes-
sional service positions, transfer positions within and bet-
. ween units. and grant promotions.

Authorization of SUNY Trustees to set salaries of

FBlD/‘J’u sea-tamer 1.32.19.85.51aAIeMNKSTWANTPBESS3.

Technology, O'Leary said. Frank Less was
appointed to the position and he oversees
the phone system, the Computer Center,
the Educational Communications Center,
and other technological aspects of the
university.

‘ “My belief is that we simply had to have
that position," O’Leary said. “In my view
we will get better, more coordinated, and
more useful information. and technical
systems in this university, which is enor-
mously important. We're growing, and
growing. and growing.

“It will affect students as any system of

_ better management of the University takes

place. Students will get better computing
and word processing [facilities] by having
that person [the Associate Vice Presi-
dent]," O’Leary said.

The Academic Planning and Develop-
ment division is now headed by John
Shumaker as Vice President. Shumaker
was formerly the Acting Vice President for
Research and Educational Development
before O'Leary decided to terminate that
position by dividing it into two parts.

Also appointed was Walter Gibson as
Acting Vice President for Research and
Dean of Graduate Studies. Gibson was
Chair of the Physics Department before
his appointment.

“Walter Gibson was a distinguished per-

 Iining;wil.llhave-fUture benefits

son," O’Leary said. “He has done a lot of
research and been working over the past
year with that Vice Presidency [Research
and Educational Development] because he
has been. interested very much with
,linkages of research to industry. He has
been working around the ofﬁce and is a
very distinguished researcher."

Student Association President Steve
Gawley said he felt that the reorganization
will make the University more efﬁcient,
but added that the changes will “have no
effect on the average student."

Gawley praised O’Leary’s selection of
Gibson as Acting Vice President for
Research and Dean of Graduate'Studles.
According to Gawley, Gibson is commit-
ted to actively work with Student Associa-
tion in their endeavor to create an SA
research ofﬁce this year. That ofﬁce would
research topics of concerns on national
and state student issues.

O'Leary said he hopes to have the Vice
President for Research and Dean of
Graduate Studies position assigned by this
spring. He plans to organize a search com-
mittee next week to conduct a nationwide
search for someone to fill the position.
O’Leary said the committee will have
many applications to consider before it
finally conducts interviews.

SUN Y gets a taste of freedom

management and confidential employees up to the level
of the Chancellor's statutory salary.

“By improving the managerial flexibility of our univer-
sity systems, we ensure that their enormous potential are
realized. both ,as an instrument of enlightenment and
economic growth," said Cuomo.

‘Recommendations such as eliminating the state agency
status of ‘the State University system and making it a
public corporation were proposed in the report as a
"means of . cutting‘down the bureaucracy within the SUNY
systc . But according to Crisanti. “A number of changes
recommended by the commission were omitted from the
legislation thc'Govemor signed. The public benefit cor-
poration idea was not included.” He added that “The
Governor and the Legislature felt
SUNY/CUNY stay as a state agency."

it better that

Having the SUNY/CUNY system remain a state agen-

cy would keep it more responsive to the higher education
needs than‘would changing the structure to a public cor-
poration." explained Crisanti.

“The changes will seem subtle at ﬁrst. The university
will be able to retain and attract higher caliber ad-
ministratorsand faculty personnel." said Crisanti. Cost
will be kept down in the long run because the changes will
cut bureaucratic layers, he added.

“The operational impact will be subtle, but very
significant to the SUNY system.” Crisanti said.

 

S.A.R.C. tomobiiize campus on Student activism

By ilene Weinsteln
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR I

For all those students who feel strongly
about an issue but never know how to get
involved. help has arrived.

The Student Advisory and Rights Coali-
tion (SARC) is designed to alert students
about situations where their rights are en-
dangered. and will Informthem of rallies,
demonstrations, or other tactics they can
use to fight back.

Individuals will be able to sign up with
SARC. said Student Association President
Steve Gawlcy, but most work will be done
through SA groups. '

SARC “widens the information flow"
between activist and non-activist groups
on campus on student Issues like ‘21' and
the ‘W'." according to Clawicy, who Is
also the founder of SARC.

Activist groups, like the New York
Public Interest Research Group
(NYPIRG) and the Student Association of
the State University (SASU), will help

make non-activist programming groups,

. aware of what’s being done to protect stu-
dent’s rights. said Gawley. "SARC Is an
information network." he added... _,

.iw'v'udm via n is a («We 0 nu“.'u'.’~'~zz1.%?-3.3.7.2.7"...1.. on no. a. o. v r

 

The participating organizations will be
activated throuyt new information and
awareness. said Gawley, adding that
“ideally. mutual understanding and sup-
port” will be achieved.

Delegates from NYPIRG, SASU.
United States Student Association
(USSA). several SA advocacy committees
and SA’s Executive Branch form the Steer-
lng Committee of SARC, which will meet
twice a month to discuss current Issues.

Representatives of SA’a funded and
recognized groups who have decided to
participate form the SARC Board and will
‘meet with the Steering Committee once a
month. According to Gawley. about 27
groups have Joined SARC already and at
least another 15 will be encouraged to get

, involved.

The Steering Committee will hold its
first meeting September 22 and both the
Committee and the Board will meet on 0c-
tobcr 6. _ .

There have been problems of “com«
munlcatlon betwocn groups" in the past
said Nlurkn Pion. President of Fuerza
Latina, one of the groups which will par-

 

I) ‘lt‘dfl

 

t~ l I y r"! u'( I
‘ ' I’ {fit} I} -

 

SARC recruitment banner in Campus Center
‘fWe-mcrve thofight-fojtltcllocvually~protest‘. "

 

.1-b-‘lv—i‘ﬁ-Q.U-1‘QM-wl\~verrrrrwt-wﬂwno‘tvr'rlcva o u v v - u a o r . n .

 

