 

 gar-nary)! sruDENr PREss- t'j“ TUESDA tritbaols’MBEit *1 b; ‘1985

NE ws BRIFS

The World ‘_. "'

Acid fumes injure 80

Tokyo, Japan
(AP) More than 80 people were treated at
hospitals early today for effects of fumes
after 1,820 gallons of dilute hydrochloric
acid leaked at a plant in Osaka. a police of-
ficial said.

The ﬁre department in Osaka said about
130 people living near the plant of the San-
wrt Denki Manufacturing Company were
evacuated to safety in parks and public
halls.

Of those who received treatment. 25
were taken to hospitals by ambulance and
four were hospitalized for eye and throat
irritation. said a police official who asked
not to be identified.

Paris stores bombed

Paris.
(AP) Crudely made fire bombs may have
caused the explosions irt two big depart-
ment stores filled with Christmas holiday
shoppers that injured 39 people, l2 of
them seriously, authorities asiti Sunday.
This led to speculation that the attacks
Saturday may have been the work of a
disgruntled. or ttnstahlc, individual, rather
titan arty known terrorist group.
iioth Craicrics Lafayette anti Printemps.
lavishly decorated for the Christmas

   

season, were filled with shoppers when the
attacks came shortly before 6 pm. The
two stores are next to eacit other on the
llottlcvarti Haussmann in the city‘s crowd—
ed. commercial ninth district, not far from
the Paris Opera.

 

 

 

tnent itt peace talks with the Turkish

 

Police said claims of responsibility for
the blasts included ones allegedly on behalf
of the Palestine Liberation Front headed
by Mahammed Abbas, also known as
Abul Abbas; the Islamic Jihad, or Islamic
Holy War organization, and the Armenian
Secret Army for the Liberation of
Armenia. known as ASALA.

‘Star Wars’ supported

Bonn, West German
(AP) A senior member of Chancellor
Helmut Kohl's party was quoted Sunday
as saying that West Germ'any will sign an
accord with the United States early next
year to participate in “Star Wars"
research.

Volkcr Ruehe. deputy floor leader of
Kohl's Christian Democrats, was quoted
as saying in art interview with the Cologne
newspaper Express that Bonn long ago had
decided “in principle" to join the United
States in the research.

He was quoted as saying the government
considered it “justified and necessary.”

Star Wars, known formally as the
Strategic Defense lnititative. involves
research for a space-based missile defense
system.

Cyprus ballots cast

Nicosia, Cyprus
(AP) initial returns gave Presidant Spryos
Kyprianou's embattled party unexpected
strength in Sunday’s election for the Greek
Cypriot Parliament.
The early election had been forced by
the two tuain opposition parties. hoping to
make Kyprianou resign or include Parlia-

... . r; . , , .jr.;———

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

the podium throuoh Wednes-
day, Dec. 11.

, SUNYA Chamber Singers will
' hold the Annual Madrigal Din-
ner on Sat. and Sun, Dec. 14
15 at
accepting pootry, Presbyterian Church. For
stories and art. Bring any sub- more info call Alton McCloud
missions to Nadlr's mailbox, at 4423995.

Free listings

Nadir literary and art magazine and
is now

CC 118 by Monday, Dec. 16.

the 1960's." For more info call
contact Celeste Budd.

 

A $1,000 essay conteatlor Al-Caro will hold an Open
juniors Is being conducted by House on Fri. Dec. 13 from 4
CUE. The topic is "Com- to 7 pm. with guest speaker,
parable Worth: A dilemma for Ms. Nell Wing. For more info
Derlkart Associates at
869-9379.

The Store 

 

 

 

Cypriots on this divided Mediterranean
island. .

Election ofﬁcials gave these results with
40 of the 662 polling districts reporting.

Kyprianou's Diko Party 2,016 votes. the
right-wing Democratic Rally Party 2,082,
the communist Akel Party 1,042 votes,
and the socialist Edek Part 826. A handful
of votes went to two independent
candidates.

The Motion?”

Flood victims aided

Charleston, W. Va
(AP) Organizers of the West Virginia
Flood Relief Telethon said today dona-
tions for the victims of last month’s floods
had neared $l million.

The telethon, which was broadcast on
every television station in the state, ended
early today, but calls continued through
the afternoon.

Rivers in eastern West Virginia flooded
in early November, killing at least 39 peo-
ple. More than 8,000 families were left
homeless.

Among
Denver, the singer,

 

 

the performers was John
who performed

“Country Roads." his hit song from the
1970’s. Its description of West Virginia as
“almost heaven" ahs led many people to

adopt it as an unoffir‘ial state anthem.
'r.

 

 

 

 

incident in midtown Manhattan early
yesterday, one jumping on a limousine’s
hood, smashing the windshield and break-
ing a leg, the police said. Four people were
slightly hurt and the injured horse had to
be destroyed.

In the limousine incident, the horse was
spooked when it was cut off by the
limousine at 49th Street and the Avenue of
the Americas at 1:30 A.M., said an ofﬁcer
withthe Midtown North precinct, Lieut.
James Robert. The horse then jumped on
the hood of the car and broke the wind-
shield, Robert said.

The horse fell, breaking a rear leg, said
another police spokesman, Sgt. Diane
Kubier. The A.S.P.C.A. was called and
determined that the horse should be
destroyed, she said.

Amtraktrain kills 3

Tivoli
(AP) Au Amtrak passenger train traveling
about 90 mph slammed into an automobile
at a crossing in this Hudson River com-
munity Sunday. killing all three people in
the car, authorities said.

There were no other injuries in the after-
noon accident at the crossing, said Dut-
chess County Sheriff Fred Scoralick.

The train. which was heading from
Albany to New York City, about l00 miles
south of Albany. did not derail, and its
passengers resumed their journey three
and one-half hours after the accident,
authorities said.

Scoralick said the car was driving south
along a gravel road parallel to the tracks as
the southbound train approached. He said
the engineer saw the car and sounded a
warning whistle but the car turned across
the tracks onto Broadway and was struck
broadside. ' ..

Patient loses will

New York
(AP) Margaret Schroeder, the wife of ar-
tificial heart recipient William Schroeder.
says she does not know if her husband
wants to continue living since his third
stroke left him unable do speak.

“if i had to do it over again, I
would...want to put into the consent form
some things that would help the family.
They don't have anything that says, ‘How
far down the road do you want to go With
this before you call it quits?’ ” '

Mrs. Schroeder said that if her husband
were not tough, he’d say “ ‘Turn the
machine off, l’m going to quit. This has
gone far enough.’ But he never said that to

c...

—Correctron—-———
The December 6 issue of the AlbanyStu-

dent Press should have clarified that

University Auxiliary Services (UAS) makes

its long term investments through the

Common Fund. which independently

chooses which companies to invest in.
We regret the error.

 

 

Albany's First
Chapel

with Middle Earth Bands and
Dancing on Sun. Dec. 15 at 5
pm. at the American itallan
Community Center. For more
info call 456-4803.

PAC at 442-3995.

 

The Pineal Science Assocla- FPAC will hold a Dinner Party tree.

Rootle Tootle, featuring Eddie Angel will appear at Pauiy'a
Visual and performing arts Hotel
students will be performing.
The Sagettes will perform a Wolfgang and the Demons.
Candlelight Concert on Fri- JB‘s Theatre hold a Holiday
day. Dec. 13 at 7:30 pm. at Sock Hop on Sat. Dec. 21 at 9
House will hold a Russell Sage College.
Roman Catholic Liturgy on the event is free.

weekend of Dec. 14-15 in the
CC Ballroom at 6:80 pm.

The University Community Or- perform at
chain: and Chorale will per-
form together in a holiday Albany's First
Beacon concert in the Main
Theatre at the PAC on Tues.
Dec. 10 at 8 pm. Admission is pm. For reservations,

SUNYA Chmbor Singom will 'Rabb and
the Annual Rockers. For more info call
Madrigal Dinner presented at Don Dworkln at 465-7423.
Presbyterian

Church on Saturday and Sun- Dance Concert will be held at
day. Dec. 13 and 14 at 7:30 the Meader Little Theatre on

on Thurs. Dec. 12.
Previously scheduled was

The p.m. Appearing will be The
Newporie, Jeannie Smith and
the Hurricanes, and Johnny

the Jailhouse

call Friday, Nov. 18 at 8:30 pm. on
the Russell Sage College.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

Disabled studenta' van
$20,000 is needed to purchase a new van

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  

 

HOWARD TYGAR UPS

Van fund to solicit dollar donations

By Colleen Desiaurler
STAFF WRITER

Students will have a chance to help the
university buy a new van for the disabled
during Tuesday’s “Dollar Day", where
organizers are hoping to raise about
$2,000. ,

People will be carrying around can-
niaters Tuesday asking for donations of
one dollar to the cause, said Irwin Weins-
tcin, Co-chair of the Disabled Students
Van Task Force.

“(The current van) is on its last legs,"
said Nancy Belowich, Director of Disabled
Student Services. “We haven't really used
it at all this semester," she said. adding
that the van is eight years old.

“The whole point in having a ’Dollar
Day’," said Weinstein, “is that usually
lots of people don’t know how much to
give—they're not sure whether they should
give fifty cents or two dollars or what.
What we’re‘ asking is that they give just
one dollar to' the Disabled Students Van
fund." ‘

“We're hoping for contributions from
the faculty, staff and the students,"
Belowich said.

The cannisters will be distributed at
various spots around campus. including on

the podium and around the lecture centers.

“People are going all over the universi-
ty," Weinstein said, “No one has picked a
speciﬁc spot."

“The idea (of buying a new van)
emanated from a number of groups,"
Belowich said. “It was a priority that
University Action for the Disabled (UAD)
was talking about," she said, adding that
other groups‘also expressed concern over
theneed for the van, forming the Disabled
Students Van Task Force in October.

According to Weinstein. the task force is
comprised of people from “all branches of

the university”, not juSt disabled students. '

Members include E. Norbert Zohm,
General Manager of University Auxilary
Services (UAS), Scott Birge, Associate
Director of the Campus Center, and Carol
Nordhausen. a Resident Director on State
Quad. ,

Public support for the van is good, said
Weinstein. “The entire unversity is coming
out of the walls to help. One person from
the library even donuted ﬁfty dollars," he
said.

Disabled students .werc previously
unable to buy a new van because the
university did not allot the necessary funds
from this year's budget.

Although the university has not yet
made any monetary commitments, Weins-
tein said that the group has received some
positive feedback on possible ﬁnancial
assistance. .

About $20,000 is needed for the new
van, and between $4,000 and $5,000 has
already been raised. By the end of the
semester. Weinstein said he is hoping to
collect an estimated 35,000 to $7,000 from
various fundraisers..“We’re hoping to
have the money fully raised by May," said
Weinstein.

Other fundraisers include the Dance
Marathon, which took place last weekend,
and raised about $1,500. The walkathon
around Perimeter Road, held in
November, and a wheelchair hockey game
between members of UAD and Resident
Assistants from State Quad also helped
raise money for the fund.

Next semester, Weinstein said he hopes
to bring “Van Aid” to the campus, in
which about fifty air bands will compete.
There will also be two or three live bands

as well as comedians. “That's going t be

our big event next semester." Weinstein
said, adding that more hockey games may
also be scheduled. [I]

K wanza Week festivities launched

By Rene Bablch
STAFF WRITER

The campus center Assembly Hall was
alive with the Spirit of the season Sunday
“as members of the Albany State University
Black Alliance (ASUBA) celebrated Kwan-
za Week. an Afro-American Christmas
holiday.

Mistress of Ceremonies Diane Williams
explained that Kwanza has its origins in
Swahili, and was created during the civil
rights movement of the 1960’s. The first
Kwanza celebrations were held in Los
Angeics in December, 1966.

Different members of ASUBA explain-
ed each of the seven principles of Kwanza
which corresponds to the seven days
following Christmas Day.

The first principle. Umoja. stands for
unity and is the most ritualistic of the prin-
ciples raid the first speakers explaining
that its main tenet is the committmcnt to
togetherness, and that without unity the
possibilities for a progressive existence
become limited.

The second principle, Kujichagulia, said
the hem speaker. stands for self-

 

determination. This entails the deﬁning,
defending, and developing of the people,
by the people, rather than by others.

The fundamental assumption of this
principle is that the people must be their
own liberators, and that the essence of
freedom is liberation belonging to the
liberated. not the iiberators.

Tile third principle of Kwanza is Unjima
or collective work and responsibility. This
is to signify that the Black community is

‘collectively responsible to their families

and setbacks as well ' as victories and
achievements. The commitment implies
and encourages that . “Black is not just an
identity, but a destiny and a responsibility
to shape the future with our minds, and
hands together," said ASUBA member
Horace James.

The fourth principle is Ujamaa which
represents African socialism. This princi-
ple was explained as promoting shared
wealth and resources, rejecting the tenden-
cies of capitalistic systems, and is said to
serve moral and material needs in that no
one should have unequal wealth to exploit
others.

Kwanza’s ﬁfth principle is Nia, which
means purpose. The three things which
help people realize what they want out of
life are basics of active self-knowledge said
the fifth speaker. One is to be conscious of
one’s history. The second is to know ones
identity, what one wants and how to
achieve it. Finally, according to the prin-
ciples of Kwanzaa, it is essential to stand
great in the community.

The sixth principle is Kuumba, or
creativity, said the next speaker, which em-
phasizes the commitment to building,
rather than destroying. Kuumba includes
the recognition and respect for the African
person's ability. and involves aesthetics as
well as industrial and technological pur-
suits. Creative labor. according to this
principle. determines who and what peo-
ple are.

The last principle of Kwanza, celebrated
on January i, is Imani or faith. it was ex-

! piained as a call for humanistic faith anti

rejects mysticism. The right to control
destiny, to liberate and form a higher level
of life is the balls for faith, according to
Kwanza philosophy. ill

  
 
 

Education Act
Critics propose
federal aid cuts

Washington. D.C.
COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE — The current
effort to renew the landmark Higher
Education Act. which sets the outlines
of federal college policy through the
next five years, has broadened into a
spirited debate over just how involved
the federal government should be in
higher education.

By law, Congress must renew the act
every five years.

In the past, the renewal processes has
featured routine political arguments
over whether to start new programs and
how much money to give old ones.

This time, led by US. Education
Secretary William Bennett, critics are
promoting a series of fundamental
changes in the law that, if enacted,
would begin a new era of college
history.

“The warning shots suggest this will
be a much more basic debate than the
previous live-year reauthorizations,"
said University of Minnesota education
Prof. Jim Hearn. who has studied the
impact of the original 1965 Higher
Education Act on colleges.

Bennett recently announced he would
unveil his proposals for amending the
Higher Education Act in January. but
previous comments suggest he’ll try to
out most programs.

Observers expect Bennett will reﬂect
the broad conservative critique of the
act surfacing just as many educators are
celebrating the law's 70th anniversary.

The ceiebrants say the law. which of-
fectively invented most student ﬁnancial
aid programs and fueled an era of un-
precedented growth in American higher
education. made it possible for a society
to educate much of its middle and lower
classes for the first time in history.

The critics say the law. in fact. made
it too easy to go to college, let colleges
make themselves too expensive to be
useful. and lowered the quality of col-
lege educations.

it's so easy for students to get federal
aid that schools “accept students who
are, unprepared or uninterested in
rigorous academic training." contended
Eileen Gardner of the Heritage Founda-
tion, a Washington. D.C. think tank
whose education policies have been
adopted by the Reagan administration
in the past.

The easy money “has prompted too
many colleges to abandon substantive
core (curricula) in favor of a
hodgepodge of courses geared to the in-
terests of those (uninterested) students.
thereby gutting the value of a college
education." Gardner charged.

“A lot of colleges have satisfied their
urge to grow by enrolling kids who
shouldn’t be in college, and grabbing
the federal money these kids bring
along," added Raymond Lewin, presi-
dent of Pierce College in Philadelphia.

“it’s foolish," he said. “to spend
$4,000 to $5,000 to send someone who
doesn't know how to read to college.”

Critics also contend the Higher
Education Act allowed colleges to raise
tuition with impunity, figuring the
federal government would simply in-
crease aid enough to help students pay
the higher fare.

And because colleges could raise
money so readily. they could pay fat
teacher salaries. impose light tcttching
loads and grow large, inefficient
bureaucracies.

Some academicians, while
acknowledging college standards have
fallen. say it's wrong to blame federal
programs.

“Wherever quality has slipped, it's
been self-inflicted," said Robert
Hardesty, president of Southwest Texas
State University — site of Lyndon

 

Johnson’s signing of the Higher Edugri-
p

 

 

 

 

