 

SPORTS

 

 

 

 

WANTED
COLLEGE FOOTBALL
PLAYERS

Make your dreams come true. Play lootball tor a Univer-
sity that Is dedicated to excellence In education and has
made a strong commitment to its athletic program...
0 One ol the ﬁnest toniaall staff: In the nation

including coaches from the University at Texas
Longhorns. The University of lowa Hawkeyas.
and tho Unlveralty at Wisconsin Badgers.

Unilorms equal in quality to those worn by the
Dallas Cowboys and similar In design and color
to the University of North Carolina Tarheols.

0

Ono ol the linest weight training lacllltias In tho
country.

For more intormatlon. call
toll tree:

1-800-553-4150

Stave Flckort

Head Football Coach
Upper towa University
Fayette. Iowa 52142

tartled buyers of the Chicago
Sun-Times read and reread the
advertisement in the sports sec-
tion last July 21. “Wanted-Col-
lege Football Players,“ began
the blunt message from Upper Iowa Uni-
versity. a small liberal-arts school whose

graduates include not only a Nobel laureate ‘
‘ history of tackling its problems head-on.

but the inventor of the stoplight. The ad
noted Upper Iowa's commitment to excel-
lence in education. then got down to busi-
ness. Coach Sieve Fickert. anxious to deliv-
er tlie I’eacocks‘ ﬁrst whining season in 19
years. wanted prospects to call his toll—free
number. As bait he dangled the scliool‘s

new coaching staff, refurbished weight ‘

room and “uniforms equal in quality to
those worn by the Dallas Cowboys.“

More than 300 young men did call
Fayette. Iowa. forcing Fickert to hold that
line for days on end. And when an astonish-

43'

w.

Coach Fickert with his squad—arid The Ad: A lot of us see this as our one real chance’

Peacocks! Peacocks!

Upper Iowa ﬁnds a new way to build a football team.

ing 107 hopefuls reported to practice in late
August, almost all were the progeny ofthe
coacli‘s audacious advertisement and the

. publicity it generated. College athletic re-
‘ cruiting gets a lot of attention, much of it

unfavorable, as it is conducted among the

1 NCAA‘s big-time Division I schools. But

hundreds of other colleges operate sports

‘ programs far more closely attuned to the

academic process: in the NCAA‘s Division
III. of which Upper Iowa is a member.
athletic scholarships are not permitted.
Thus the insouciance, to say nothing ofthe

v innocence. ofUpper Iowa‘s recruiting ploy

was even more startling.
Nestled amid lush limestone hills that
fetid off the cornﬁelds, Upper Iowa has a

The nation‘s Panic of l857 severely threat-
ened the tiny college in its ﬁrst months; to
survive. administrators accepted such prac-
tical forms of tuition as hay. wood and

‘ turnips. Fickert, at 35 a tough fireplug who

has resuscitated three other college football
programs. felt a different kind ofpanie after
his appointment as athletic director and

head football coach last March. Only 14 ,

Peacocks would return frorii a team that

went l-Q last year. and little fresh recruiting ‘

had been done. A quip about advertising for

players drew laughs at a coaches‘ meeting,
but soon Fickert was calling the NCAA,
where a perplexed ofﬁcial said she could
ﬁnd no rule barring such a scheme.

Fickert then cleared the idea with new i
university president James Rochcleau, an ‘

admirer of shrewd marketing techniques
since his days as a Nabisco cracker sales-

JON JACOBSON

 

 

 

Ilurm'cmning (r! Doc Durmmi 'x grave: For Ill \1 

NI£\\’SWIIIEK ()N CAMPUS/NOVEMBER I'IN‘

 

 

 

man. Rocheleau viewed the advertising as a
way to attract nontraditional students who
had delayed their college entrance for work
or other reasons. And an improved football
program, he reasoned, might also help re-
vive moribund college enrollment (1,227
students, 335 of whom live on campus).
There is a “Dirty Dozen" quality to Pick-
‘ crt‘s new troops. Some had somnolcnt aca-
1 demic careers in high school; others played
behind stars recruited by major NCAA
' teams and therefore got little exposure; still
others didn’t know they wanted a college
education until they tried to survive without
‘ one. The players that eventually arrived on
, campus had one signiﬁcant thing
in common: they thought they
could at least meet Upper Iowa's
f admissions standards.
Many of these new students
I have something to prove. “We‘re
‘ going to get some respect for Up-
i per Iowa—and for ourselves,“
, says John Goldwire, a beefy line-
. backer from West Palm Beach,
; Fla. The price is high: annual costs ,
approach $8,000, and the school ‘
 can extend ﬁnancial aid only to
those who meet tests of scholar-
. ship and need. But many players
are thrilled simply to have some-

as hard as we'd work in any Division I
program," says Marty Henehan, a Chicago
suburbanite whose 2-8 high-school team
attracted few college scouts. "And there’s
nobody getting down on us. They make us
feel like we‘re All-America.“

There also has been little tolerance of
tomfoolery, as the fun-loving but not terri-
bly dedicated athletes in the group soon
discovered. The ﬁrst brutal practice ses-
sions, for which playei s donned jerseys la-
beled Poise and Pride and shorts initialed
PMA (for Positive Mental Attitude),
showed that Fit '0 .‘t meant business. Play-
crs responded; .. in they were punctuating

‘We didn’t want to bring in a
bunch of yee-haws who couldn’t
handle academics,’ says Fickert.

enjoy,“ he says. “We didn‘t want to-bring
in a bunch of yee-haws who couldn’t han-
dle academics.“ Besides, most yee-haws
probably would shun Upper iowa for its
rural remoteness; regional attractions
range from Indian burial mounds to the
original Little Brown Church in the Vale.
Fickert cheerin views such an environ-
ment as being “free of distractions." And
one of his recruits conﬁded early on that
the fresh air contrasted with his native
New Jersey, where fumes from a candy
plant occasionally made him upchuck dur-
ing football practice.

Still unresolved is the question of how
Fickert’s largely urban imports
will fare in small-town Iowa. But
Upper Iowa has faced that dilem-
ma with generations of students.
“We thought people might be
cynical about city guys coming
here because of an ad in the pa-
per," says Henehan. “Instead
they’ve done everything they can
to welcome us.“ And what of
those who enrolled but can‘t play
football very well? “I don‘t care,“
says Fickert. “Above all, I hope
they stay in school. Ifthey‘re here
a day or a year or four years,
they’ll be that much richer for the

 

one believe in them. Says tackle
; James (Joe Rock) Holman, a Chicago con-
‘ struction worker in the two years since he
ﬁnished high school, “A lot of us see this as
our one real chance."

The ad brought in so many players that
Fickert had to delay distribution of helmets
until a few recruits—including a half dozen
too tiny for even small-college football—
\veeded themselves out. Fickert made cer-
tain that each one had an opportunity to
compete. "I‘m not running abutchershop,“
he said one day as the squad trimmed down
to a more manageable 68 players. To help
recruits adjust, Fickert and his staff moved
into their dorm for 10 days. “They work us

 

!/ I re old-(imam, it was better than the garm-

NiiWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/NOVEMBER I985

drills with throaty chants of "Pea-COCKS!
Pea-COCKS!“ A few even spoke gamer of
their hope that their Upper Iowa careers
would open other doors. Few Waner Mittys
become Walter Paytons, but in small-col-
lege football there is always that gossamer
possibility; after all, Upper Iowa‘s own
Mike Eischcid played in three Super Bowls.
F livcned spirits throughout Fayette,

the tiny (population: 1,500) college
town that hopes Fickcrt can breathe some
honesty into the vaunted varsity cheer:
“Smash 'em, bust ‘em, that‘s our cus-
tom . . ." The coffee crowd at Lucy‘s Gar-
den of Eatin‘ already is whispering about a
return to the halcyon days of the late John
Dorman, the town dentist who coached
Peacock football for 50 years. Fickert‘s un-
orthodox rccruiting thrills Oren (Swede)
Sclgelid, a leader of an organization called
Doc Dorman's Old Time Peacocks, 650
aging lettermen and other. boosters who
spice each autumn's homecoming with a
pilgrimage to Doc's grave in Grandview
Cemetery. “Our teams have been so bad

ickert‘s recruiting bonanza has en-

 

‘ that a lot of the guys came back for the

reunion but skipped the game,“ Selgelid
says. “Myself. I was good for a half.“
Coach Fickert. who keeps copies of
“Patton” and “In Search of Excellence"
alongside his football books and Knute
Rockne poster. has his own role at Upper
Iowa in perspective. “We went looking for
students who want to get a degree in four
years and also participate in a sport they

 

experience.“

President Rochcleau, who has increased
total enrollment by 500 since his arrival a
year ago, is so pleased with the football ad
fallout that he's pondering similar lures for
nonathletes (“Wantedz Computer Science
Students . . .“). The ploy. however, has ap-
parently not won universal admiration in
higher education. "I’m not getting a lot of
calls of congratulations from other college
presidents." Rocheleau says with a chuckle.
And there may be problems if Upper Iowa
tries a sports ad again. John Leavens, the
NCAA‘s director of legislative services,
now says a closer reading of the rule book
suggests that such tactics may well be
improper. Such puriﬁed persnicketiness
would amaze Doc Dorman, who for years
routinely cosigned loans at a local bank so
his players could afford schooling.

Coach Fickert has more plans. For one
thing, he is trying to convince administra-
tors that the Peacocks‘ image would proﬁt if
the mascot on school pennants had a little
less plumage and a little more ferocity. And
as his recruits gathered, he set some modest
goals for the l985 season: a 10-0 record and
a spot in the national playoffs. "There is
iiotliliig wrong with wanting to succeed.“
says Fickert. “Remember, people at Har-
vard and Yale want to win just as badly
as people at Texas and Oklahoma.“ Unfor-
tunately, in their opener, the Peacocks
ran into thejuggernaut from Mid-America
Nazarene College of Oliitlie, Kans.. and
lost, 47~21. The defense, declared Fickert.
needs work.
ioiiN MeCORMlt'K in Fayette

49

 

 

