 

THE DIRECTOR: A HOME SCREENING OF
‘NIGHT SHIFI‘,’ PERSUADING DARYL HANNAH
TO EAT A LOBSTER SHELL IN ‘SPLASH‘
AND INSTRUCI'ING ITS LITTLE MERMAID
h

planned for release next Christmas, "Cocoon" was shifted to
summer in what many industry analysts see as an attempt to pump
some fresh money into the company. “The studio not only needed
product, they convinced us that it was really a summer picture,”
says Richard Zan uck, one of three “Cocoon” producers and part of
the production team that brought us "Jaws" and “The Sting."
.Such faith didn‘t come automatically. To get his ﬁrst shot at
directing, Howard had to resort to a mild form of extortion: in
exchange for acting in the phenomenally popular drive-iii movie
“Eat My Dustl", he got the go-ahead from producer Roger Corman
to.make his own car-crash spectacle, “Grand Theft Auto." After
this breakthrough, Howard was determined to keep on directing,
even in the anonymous world of TV-movie production. There,
much in the same way that ﬁlm-school graduates learn their craft
(page 8), Howard made three ﬁlms, including the highly praised
“Skywar “ (1980) with Bette Davis for NBC. Yet in that same year.
ABC refused Howard’s request for directing assignments when his
contract for “Happy Days" was up for renewal, so he left the series.
“They offered me a lot of money instead," says Howard, "but that‘s
not what I wanted. I had committed myself to being a director."

willing to listen to cast and crew. "What I enjoy is that
moment of creation, whether it’s from an idea of mine or
someone else," he says. “Movies are made up of thousands and
thousands of little steps that need to be taken correctly. Each of
those little steps feels pretty good, and over the course of the day
there are lots of little payoffs." As an actor, he brings a special
sensitivity to character
portrayal and casting.
“Charactersarethemost
important thing to me,“
he says—and it shows.
In “Night Shift" How—
ard coaxed wonderful—
and very different—per-
formances out of Henry
Winkler and Michael
Keaton. In perhaps his
ﬁnest work as an actor,
Winkler made an engag~
ing transition from neb-
bish factotum to self-
conﬁdent, normal guy,
and Keaton shot offcom-
ic sparks as a jivey
hustler. Steve Gutten-
berg of “Cocoon” says
Howard is “an actor‘s di-
rector," who “gives peo-
ple a lot of room and
guidestheminaway that
is more mature than his
chronological age.”

In one way or another, Howard's been
preparing to direct all his life. "At the
age of seven or eight." he recalls, “when
people would ask me, ‘What do you want
to be when you grow up?’, it was my
stock answer to say, 'I want to be
an actor-writer-producer-director-cam-
eraman-and seball player'." He clearly
remembers hi atisfaction. at seven, when
the director of“The Andy Grifﬁth Show"
used one of his suggestions. He started
making home movies at nine and won ii
national contest at 17 with a one-reeler he
2 submitted as “R. W. Howard."

The would-be director was learning.

H oward has become a remarkably democratic ﬁlmmaker,

JEA PAGUUSO—WGES

o NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY 1985

even as he stood around television and movie sets during the endless
delays between takes. His father, actor-writer Rance Howard, says
Ron absorbed much of his knowledge by osmosis: “He knows things
he doesn‘t even know he knows." Working with George Lucas on
“American Grafﬁti" was an epiphany, Ron says. “He was the ﬁrst
director I worked with who didn’t shoot it by the numbers. That was
real interesting to me—andarevelation." Lucas returns the favorby
saying, “Ron is terriﬁc. He was a talented young actor in ‘American
Grafﬁti‘ and now he‘s a great director."

Although Howard attended ﬁlm school at Southern Cal, he
dropped out after two years with few regrets. Acting commitments,
largely “Happy Days," kept interfering with his studies, and he
thought he could accumulate the credentials for ﬁlmmaking outside
the classroom. “After a while I didn‘t look back, especially when
directing opportunities began developing for me," he says. And
when he took advantage of them, Howard made movies in a way that
drew upon all his formative inﬂuences—the imagination and cre-
ativity of a Lucas, the rock-hard realism of classic TV sitcoms. “The
conﬁnes of having to develop a character on TV and tell a story in 26
minutes," says Tom Hanks, who starred in ABC’s “Bosom Bud-
dies,” “instills a lot of discipline in you."

Howard’s discipline and showbiz instincts may have come natu-
rally. His father and mother were touring together in a dual pro-
duction of “Cinderella” and “Snow White” when they decided to
wed. “Rance and I were married in Winchester, Ky.," recalls Jean
Howard, “at midnight with six dwarfs doing a tap dance to ‘Here
Comes the Bride‘." While Mom and Dad did summer stock, little
Ronny would “watch rehearsals for hours on end," says Rance. “If
you did something funny, he would laugh. He was a great audience
at two.” By that time, in fact, Ronny had already trod the boards—
sort of. At 18 months his mother carried him across the screen in a
long-forgotten Western called “Frontier Woman." And while only
two, he earned his ﬁrst rave in Dad’s production of “The Seven-
Year Itch": "He is on stage less than a minute," exclaimed the Bal-
timore Sun, “but during that time opening night he stole the show."

twas only the beginning. From watching his father perform in a

summer-stock production of “Mr. Roberts," Ronny somehow

absorbed most of the lines spoken by the inept Ensign Pulvcr.
When he and Dad performed a scene from the play in front of a
casting director, three-year-old Ronny landed his ﬁrst paying job as
an actor, in the movie “The Journey" (1959). This led to a series of
parts on live television and his big break, “The Andy Grifﬁth
Show,“ in I960. As Opie, the son of widowed Sheriff Andy Taylor,
Howard created the modern television equivalent of Huck Finn—a
wide-eyed, fresh-faced charmer learning about life from Paw, Aunt
Bee and Barney Fife. It was the perfect match of character and actor,
and, thanks to continuing reruns, people still associate Howard
strongly with the character.

During his eight years with Grifﬁth, Howard also managed to
become a very popular ﬁlm actor. In “The Music Man” (1962), he
played the lisping little brother of Marian the librarian—«and
showed a boisterous ability to belt out a tune in “Gary, Indiana."
The following year, in “The Courtship of Eddie’s Father" with
Glenn Ford, he managed to be alternately precocious and vulner-
ablkbut always very appealing. After the Taylors departed May-
berry, Howard worked sporadically before getting another series,
“The Smith Family,“ with Henry Fonda in l971. “Leading up to
that," Howard says, “there had been nine months where, for the ﬁrst
time in my life, I was losing out on parts. It‘s the ﬁrst time I
remember not working when I wanted to—and I missed it.“

Although "The Smith Family" was canceled after a year,
Howard's career stayed on course, thanks to two nostalgic projects:
the pilot for “Happy Days," which aired that year, and “American
Grafﬁti" in 1973. For both, he portrayed a naive, earnest young man
coming of age. In “Happy Days“ his decidedly straight Richie
played off the awesomely cool Fonzie of Henry Winkler. As the
Fonz gradually eclipsed Richie as the focus of the show. Howard,
typically, buckled down to become an effectch second banana. “1

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY l9ll5

 

 

 

