 

  

til tuning
apartheid

When SUNY voted to divest its funds from
companies doing business in South Africa
earlier this semester, a large victory was secured
for SUNYA students.

But the battle is far from over. Students'
money is being invested in South Africa from
another source — University Auxiliary Services.

UAS is responsible for running the
University’s cafeterias and vending machines,
among other functions. Now, it too has been
linked to the discriminatory regime of South
Africa. Unlike the investments students fought
earlier this year which were being made by the
SUNY system as a whole, these investments are
coming right from a campus organization.

UAS, through a complex path of financial
twists and turns, is putting students’ board rates
into the same corporations whose South
African operations students have fought in the
past.

When students pay their board rates, UAS
places most of the money in short term
investments so that they will earn interest to
help cover costs. This is an acceptable business
practice but the same financial gains can be
made without supporting South African
apartheid.

Fighting the SUNY Board of Trustees'
investments in South Africa was only the
beginning. Students must continue to look at
the investments of other organizations as well.

The UAS Board of Directors is composed of
a majority of students, all of whom were
appointed by Student Association President
Steve Gawley. December ll is the next UAS
Board meeting. It could also be a date on which
students and the student board members in
particular remember the late Steven Biko, the
imprisoned Nelson Mandela, and the 23 million
black South Africans who have no say in their
own country. It's also a date on which UAS can
say no to apartheid.

Not for English
majors only

Although it's tempting to just curse and
complain about yet another course requirement,
the University's recent proposal to increase its
writing requirement beginning with next fall’s
first-year students appearsto be a very practical
idea.

The proposal, made by Harry Hamilton,
Associate President for Academic Affairs and
Dean of Undergraduate Studies, will go to
University Senate in February 1986. If passed,
next year's frosh will be required to take two
writing intensive courses, one at the 100 or 200
level and another at the 300 level or above. In
conjunction with the proposed requirement,
Hamilton is hoping to get each department to
offer writing intensive courses for every major.

He believes this will make SUNYA students
much more employable, as they will have at
least some writing experience —- an asset
employers around the country have complained
is rare in recent graduates.

Hamilton's proposal will incorporate writing
into every academic discipline, providing for a
more well-rounded education, and giving
students writing skills they’ll use in any career.

Hamilton’s plan to offer a greater variety of
writing intensive courses, should enable every
student to find a class suited to his or her
interests and career plans. It is however,
imperative that the University maintain a wide
selection of these courses, otherwise Hamilton's
proposal will become just one more limitation
on students‘ course selections.

Needless to say, we don’t expect this proposal
to be the solution to what some educators and
employers have called a national writing crisis
among students and recent graduates, but we
encourage University senate to take this first
step toward providing SUNYA students with a
more well-rounded Practical education,

 

 

 

 

 
 

vw .*,-',‘P‘l‘a~iﬂt15-1'711fﬂl‘ new

i

 

 

 

 

 

WELLWHADDYA
KNdN?.. IT'S A
LETTER FROM

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Anti— Apartheid Apathy

Upon arriving at Albany University several weeks prior
to the beginning of classes, the ﬁrst man I met was an ex-
iled South African who frequented the Mission Shelter at
50 Hudson Ave., downtown. He told me that the
“Popular Issue” to write and research was the upcoming
SUNY Divestment Demonstration to support the plight
of 23 million plus humans living in South Africa.

LFred Tabaracci —l

The event via SASU, ASUBA, NYPIRG, and In-
dependents devoted to human rights went off without a
hitch. But what happens now? Isn’t South Africa pepular
any longer?

Concurrent to those ﬁnal hours before that crucial vote
the NY Times carried an article whereupon very powerful
US corporations promised to use their inﬂuence to force
President Botha'to initiate a process providing the means
for the timely and overdue participation and freedoms for
South African blacks. And achieve their civil dignity and
rights.

Not even gossip is abounding the college campus as to
efforts of the entire College. I have been clipping and sav-
ing NY Times articles since Botha initiated censorship of
the free world press. (Even that event passed
unchallenged).

These excerpts are just one weeks headlines:

16 Nov. 85’ A. Cromwell quote-In the chronicles of
state of emergency in force in 38 districts around Johan-
nesburg, Port Elizabeth, and Cape Town. some among
the more than 5,000 who have been detained tell of tor-
ture and beatings.

l8 Nov. 85’ S. Rule quote-The police reported today
that they shot and killed at least 13 people over the
weekend, the highest two-day death toll in recent weeks.
Violence over the last 14 months has claimed more than
850 lives, most of them black. .....Winnie Mandela (not
verbatim herein) was refused permission to receive an
award from the Robert F. Kennedy Humanitarian Foun~
dation at Georgetown University.

Allen Bosak, another leading Afrikaner was denied a
visa to receive the same award, so in his stead his son
Allen Jr. accepted the noble award. Only Rev. Beyers
Naudc, Secretary General of the South African Council
of Churches was granted permission to accept the award
in person.

19 Nov. 85 ’-A. Cowell quote-The police said today that
they had shot and killed three black protesters in a
segregated township east of here (Iohanesburg). . .The
incident followed a weekend of violence in Queenstown,
500 miles south of Johanesburg, in which nine people
were killed. . .chorters were not permitted to enter the
former township, even though it lied outside the areas
covered by the emergency in the former incident.

2i Nov. 85'-S. Rule Quote-Mamelodi, SA- The police
shot dead at least six people in this black township today.
including several elderly women, according to witnesses.
The deaths brought the number killed by the authorities
so far this week to at least 23 (Officially Reported-my
comment). The following is a summary of Sheila Rules

 

 

report about the Mamelodi affair.

The town mayor sought to quell the growing number of
people, and a melee ensued whereupon people were
trampled to death, “Scores of people suffered bullet
wounds”. Police stopped cars initiating illegal searches
and turned away TV crews. In another development the
police reported overlooking five bodies 'with bullet
wounds,...as a result-failing to include the five in ,their
daily total. In total, at least 14 people died that day,"the
highest one day death toll to date.

Finally, NY Times Week Review-Points out that the
South African flag still flies at the United Nations,
although no delegates or representatives have been per-
mitted to address the UN since 1974, when their country
was suspended. ..

The above reports were just one week's worth of racist
regimes attempt to subtly hide the truth from the world.
Personally I am not the least bit surprised at these events.
But I am shocked that the free-world permitted the South
African Government to impose and censure reports of the
violent and flagrant abuses of human rights. As mention-
ed in one article-“Attempts to expel South Africa from
the United Nations have been blocked by American,
British, and French vetoes in the Security Council.”

I don’t believe expelling South Africa from the U.N. is
at all wise, but the statement tells me that America, Bri-
tian, and France have the ability to effect change. but in-
stead just hope the Geneva Summit and Popular Pro-
testing enthusiasm will eventually subside so they will not
be placed in the position to assert the necessary changes
due the native people of South Africa.

Moreso, I just wanted to bring to attention, the typical
results of protest at colleges and embassies. For a while
remain popular, the right thing to do, but as always when
the people came so close to effecting a solution, they are
either sidetracked or just simply give up. The beginning
of the semester had gotten my hopes up that freedom
would bury racism. And I was fascinated by the deter-
mination of the college students and faculty to follow
through with the plight of South Africans who have been
denied basic dignity, respect, liberty, and freedom.

I certainly do not expect South Africa to emulate our
democracy, but for a while there I thought there was go-
ing to be real success. I don’t mean to appear arrogant, if
anything I am experiencing anguish for millions of
children in South Africa treated like cattle.

We came so close, where have all the organizers, pro-
testers, writers. and demonstrators gone since the divest-
ment vote. Don’t tell me the college was just fooling
around.

[Tonight on CBS Nightwatch, they were talking of a
ClVll war ongoing in Africa. So what do we do? Permit
censorship of free-press and obediently do as we are told
and thust forsake the human beings of South Africa to
racism? When the "popularity" dies out, so does the
cause and the issuel l havenlt the answer. I have just
noticed too many unacceptable violations of human
rights and political manipulation. All I do Is write. lcall it
like i seeit. Cl

 

 

 

‘Kim’iiﬁm'tﬂf Vitlﬂawitsu‘rlzwmu-u r... ,.,,.,...

  

.._._._..,.. ,‘__.,..,,$,._\U__ .‘

V\~«\k\ﬁ\\1\‘\s

 

Chapel is saved

To the Editor:

Professor Salomon's call to “Save Chapel Hill"
(Albany Student Press November 22) conjures up visions
of chain saws and bulldozers attacking the hill upon
which Chapel House sat until its destruction by fire last
May. His letter ranks an "A" in imagination but an “F”
in fact.

The favored site for the proposed field house, across
Perimeter Road from the gym, would require a piece of
the Chapel House property for its construction. 'But the
size and shape of the structure planned would not en-
croach upon “Chapel Hill," the elevation overlooking
the campus. Most of the ﬁeld house would rest in the up-
per section of the present parking lot, not in the woods.

I have visited the site with Professor Solomon and hope
he is reassured by our intention to preserve the natural
beauty of “Chapel Hill.", v

. _ — Lewis Welch
Vice President for University Affairs

Save the cheese.

To the Editor:

This letter is in response to your November 15th article
in the Open Letter section of the ASP. I’m writing on
behalf of the defense of grilled cheese.

As an avid grilled cheese fan your editorial turns my
stomach more than the Dutch loaf in the Deli Section.
0.K., I agree about the broiled goldﬁsh, raviolis with
taco sauce, wilted lettuce, and don't forget that special
dinner steak — which I needed my hacksaw to cut. ' I’m
apalled that you could possibly knock the infamous UAS
grilled cheese sandwich. The only form of salivary
satisfaction a person has left in the SUNY cafeteria. An
oasis in the middle of our stone desert. A diamond in the
rough. You even get a choice of bread — either
wheat or white. Now how can you go wrong with a selec-
tion-like that!

 

 

sullen-m Irr ma
Noldi J. Grollo. Editor In CIIII’
Deon Chong. Jouplr Fuooo, Managing Editors

..Allclo Clmboro. Jorneo O'Sullivon
....,....Porn Conwoy, Blil Jocoh
liono Welnoteln

Norr- Edltoro ................... ..
Auocioto Nova Editoro

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘shalo Elma I alnlbora
Associate “Poole Editor. ion Spoiling
I “Ink-cl 5‘,"
3m. w." Int-nu. Run-v
. . -r 14., . s
nmm gun... u-m Bonnon
w" Fﬂllnr ‘ am”
on ..u.’. ou-I mun... F

John Keen-n, Sonlor Edltor

Contributing Editoro Doon Boil, Dovld LL Lookin, Woyno Poor-boom
Editoriol Mololonlot Koren E. Bock, Roch-l Brulow, Ken Dombourn, Bette
Dumbo. Brando Schooner Proriorl Editor: Pom Bohuotonnon Ito" Irriiorn:
Ollvlo Abel, Jim Avory, Reno Bobleh, Dovo Blotto, Luiio Cir-ii. Ethan cnozln,
Ion Ciomento, Androo Carson, Mike Donnonoky. Colleen Doolourler, Scott
Eloontlrol, Cathy Erna, Moro Fonton, Undo Groonbora, Lloo Jockol, David
Klee, Bleeoy Kern, Melissa Knoll, Mom Kobrlnoiry. Corny Loviton, Coryn
Milka. alovo Hoops, uoo Rimlo, Potor Sande, Mode Sontocroeo, Dovld
scolding, Koren Bchlcmy, Rick Bwonocn, Mich-oi Bkolnlek, Jim Thompson,
Angelina Wong. Evon Wolumon, Frank Yunitor

Morph nooontnol. Bullnou Monopor
Ilepltonlo Solunoul. Auaclolo Bur/nu- Monopor
Monro Kollotl. Joell uldiornlry. Advert/ulna Mon-gore
Don Flolollor. Solar Monoarr.

 

 

llillnn Amv Sllbor
Payroll Supervisor .................................................... .. Folicio Coooolto
- -- .m- aalrno Troclo Poul

 

 

 

 

_ nu
MnruoIno loioo: Koren Amnior, Fronk Colo, Comrny Divingllo. Drew Funa,
Rich Liii, Mlchoiio Plloil, Donnl Scimitar Marti-Ina Production: Grog
Bohrondt, Botoy Borrolll, Eilun Cnon, Alyso Moroolln. Annrtlo Muolior, Both
Porno. Eric Roth, Michael Bohlllm, Porn anoplro. Roll-mo Trombloy Ollie.
lloll: Lin Blonlor, Jonnllcr Ghocoloo

linen Flottorty, mother Ionan Auocloto Production MonoaoII
chmrmnu I t m ‘
Yypioto: Lour- Bolmo, Llndo Cnlcutor. Sol D‘Amoio. Jeannine Folaonbourn,
Groco Flood. Troclo Poul. Inao Bodloulry, Porn Btroubor Poole-up: cum Col-
omorl, Noncy Cmnon, E. Phillip Hoover. Todd cho. Amy Bilbor. D. Doml
Blot. M.D. Thompson Chouilour: Jim Lolly

Pilotogrophy prlnclpoliy ouppliod by Unlnulty Photo Mu, o student

chlol Photographer: Konny Kirsch UPI sum Mlcnul Ackorman, alum Albert.
Myrna Bravo. John Curry, Lynn Droltuo, Chuck Ginsberg, Ezro Mouror. Mutt
Modlovlllo, Lino Simmons. Llnnoo Sporting, Erlco BpllpOI, Tonyo Steele, Colhy
Btroud, How-rd Tyaor. Morir Vocorolll

Entire contents ccpynont 1m Albany Student Pru- Corporotlon, all right-
rucrvod.

The Albony student Prou lo published Tundch ond Frldoy- between
August ond June by tho Albony student Prou Corporolion, on Indopondont
ncislor~prcllt ccrporollon.

Editorials are written by the Editor In Chlrl with momborr oi the Editorial
Board; policy to subject Ic review by tile Edilcrlol Board. Advertising policy
do» not nocuurlly roiloci editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany student Prou, 06 m
1400 Washington Ave.

Albony, NV 1
(610) «now

So what if the bread’s a little stale and who cares if
UAS only uses one slice of cheese, grilled cheese is still the
most consistently good tasting sandwich offered at
lunch. What would you make if you had to cook for 1200
people every day?...that‘s right grilled cheese. Give UAS
a break they’re trying their best. Maybe you should come
and eat at Henry Wilson's Colonial Cafeteria.

-—— Stephen Velotii

Up in arms

To the Editor:

On December 10, the 1985 Nobel Peace Prize will be
awarded to International Physicians for Prevention of
Nuclear War, of which Physicians for Social Respon-
sibility, is the USA afﬁliate - with 35,000 members. In
making the announcement of the award in Norway,
Nobel committee chair Egil Aavik linked the choice to the
summit meetings: “If this award has any message, it is to
come up with results." The nobel prize is a compelling
reminder of the important role that we, as individuals,
can play in preventing nuclear war.

Our efforts to end the nuclear arms race and prevent a
ﬁnal nuclear epidemic received a surprising but welcome
boost on August 6, I985, when the Soviet Union an-
nounced that they were stopping all nuclear explosions
for a period of ﬁve months. They said further that they
would never explode nuclear weapons again if the United
States would also refrain from exploding nuclear
weapons.

We of PSR, Capital District Chapter believe they are
serious and are urging President Reagan to order a cessa-
tion of all U.S. nuclear tests immediately. President
Reagan and General Secretary Gorbachev, should pro-
claim a mutual moratorium and resume negotiations on a
permanent treaty.

The previous breakthrough, as important as this, was
in 1963 when President Kennedy unilaterally announced
to the surprise of his own staff, that we would stop all
above ground nuclear explosions. This prompted the
Soviet Union to sign the successful Atmospheric Test Ban
Treaty 55 days later.

Physicians for Social Responsibility the U.S. afﬁliate
of IPPNW, is an educational organization dedicated to
halting the nuclear arms race, which if unchecked, will
lead, by accident or intention, to the ﬁnal epidemic - a
nuclear holocaust.

The recent Nobel Peace Prize to physicians, dramatizes
the necessity to take concrete steps to reduce the risks of a
nuclear war!

President Reagan failed to take the opportunity at the
recent summit.
It is urgent that Reagan accept Gorbachev’s initiative
and challenge. It is in our nation’s best interest.
—— D. Ted Eosllund, M.D.

Sisterly support

To the Editor:

With the adoption of the University’s new alcohol
policy, fraternites, sororities, and most university groups
banded together to repeal the absurd new policy.
However, when the “Thank You's" were given out, Phi
Sigma Sigma sorority was not on the list. This is due to
the fact that our national charter forbids us to go against
university policy, especially where alsochol is concerned.
Yet, the sisters of Phi Sigma Sigma, as university
students, were very supporitive and actively involved in
the petition drive, as well as the rally. We would just like
to let everyone know that even though we didn’t wear our
letters, we were there trying to help and we will continue
to help in the future.

— Sisters Phi Sigma Sigma

Quality care

To the Editor:

In the unfortunate case that one might ﬁnd him or
herself sick, rest assured that the treatment you will
receive at the Student Health Center will be'top notch.
Last week I underwent knee surgery. I had a choice: I
could have stayed in the hospital after surgery or go to the
inﬁrmary but it still sounded more pleasant than spending
three days in the hospital. Let me say everything negative
you have ever heard about the inﬁrmary is false. Every
member of the staff from the janitorial crew to the top
administrator was very kind and genuinely concerned
with the well being of every student in the facility.

For three years I have heard so many terrible things
about “that place by Public Safety." Trust me, these peo-
ple really care and can give you the proper care that is re-
quired. It is really nice to know that if you need medical
attention that it is available right on campus. They gave
me the type of care no hospital could give. Oh yeah, I got
my bill for the Student Health Services today. You try
and get around the clock care for three and one half days
for $42.75 including medication.

— Keith Michael Welz

 

months. ”

 

 

 

 

“The ASP...great insuIation for the coming

—Francis Phelan

 

 

SORRY
swarm , ,
Dllﬁ T ’ “

 

 
 

Ir

z/I"

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘1‘:lo "-
rut
‘rrr

. ' iii
" ‘ [ll] _.
/ Hill

 

\\

 

2‘ -\‘:?\\\ .

 

 

College l'reu Service

ll ‘ 5'

’ \\

“Elli lFI Dom GETASTUDW  UNI BEWTOGOTOCOLLEGEMDI’LLNEVER
BARN mam 50 I CAN MAKE ENOUGH MW T0 PM OFF YOURllﬁliﬁ‘lr DEFICIT!"

 

