 

 

MULTIPLE CHOICE

v»

 

iblier (left) Id his Texas A&M frat brothers toast their oil well: From rush to gush

A Backyard Bonanza for the Sigma Chis

College fraternities often go to great
lengths to attract new members, but the
Sigma Chis at Texas A&M inadvertently
came up with a gimmick that might make
even .l. R. Ewing tip his Stetson. ‘Last
September, a chapter rush party turned
into a gush party, when drillers struck oil
in the fraternity's backyard—-as impressed
rushees looked on. Since then, the back-
yard rig has been producing more than 400
barrels of black gold a day—and has
helped the Sigma Chis capture a record
pledge class.

The fraternity bought the ﬁve-acre plot
of land behind its house last July as
an investment and a possible site for ex-
pansion. Two weeks later, the [nech Oil
Co. asked permission to drill for oil. "I

thought it was a joke,“ says chapter presi-
dent Christopher Tiblier, who is now
laughing all the way to the bank. The
Sigma Chis stand to earn about $100,000 a
year, which they hope to use for a bigger
and better house.

The bonanza has caused some ill feeling.
“Some other fraternities said we were just
setting it all up for rush,“ says Tristram
Harper, the house treasurer. “I think there
could have been a little jealousy." That
envy may soon turn to gratitude. The new
oil barons are talking to real-estate agents
about using their newfound income to buy
enough land to create a real fraternity row.
That could bring A&M's now scattered
Greeks closer together—and make campus
sweethearts of the Sigma Chis.

Here’s Spring’s New Fling

What llies farther than a Frisbee. faster than a Skyro and made its
way into the Guinness Book ofWorld Records afterjust a few weeks
on the market? Answer: the Aerobic, the latest in a line ofaerody-
namic toys created by Silicon Valley engineer Alan Alder. Intro-
duced last December by Superﬁight, Inc., in Palo Alto, Calif, the
bright orange ring is fast becoming the new campus craze. Adler
says that he has to keep a mold running 24 hours a dayjust to keep

up with the demand. The Stanford bookstore

has sold about 2,000

ofthe $6.95 Aerobics in less than live months, and rings have also
been spotted wafting over the greens at Dartmouth, Duke. Berke-
ley, the University of Colorado and the University of Hawaii.

“The Aerobic is fun because it goes so far." says Scott Zimmer-
man. the Pasadena City College student—and four-time world
Frisbee chanipion——Who threw the ring 1,046 feet, 11 inches to
establish the Guinness record. “Even beginners can throw it 50 to
60 yards." Frisbee may remain everybody's favorite llying object
for now——but spring's new ﬂing is coming on fast.

A Capital Alliance
Of Young Investors

A college chapel may not seem like the
most appropriate place to preach the gospel
of capitalism. But when business majors
Lawrence Kaplan and Richard Abramson
called a meeting last fall in the Nevin Chap-
el at Franklin and Marshall in Lancaster,
Pa., they ﬁlled the pews with potential
converts to a new extracurricular activity.
Kaplan and Abramson were offering shares
in the Franklin and Marshall Investment
Alliance (F MIA). Unlike most college-op-
erated mutual funds, which students and
professors run as classwork, the FMIA was
entirely student—backed and managed—
and it quickly signed on the legal limit of99
shareholders, who raised a kitty of $3,000.

The FMIA is an offshoot of a similar
fund begun two years ago at the University
of Pennsylvania. Business students at Penn
wanted to invest on their own but didn’t
have either the $100,000 or the profession-
al management required to start a mutual
fund. Instead, with only $4,000, they were
able to register as a limited partnership
with the Securities and Exchange Com-
mission. Word spread to other Eastern
campuses. and alliances sprouted at
Georgetown and Union in Schenectady,
NY. Penn‘s organizers hope to form a na-
tional clearinghouse that would advise
schools on how to start up.

The FMIA members, meanwhile, have
already learned a lot—maybe more than
they've earned. The fund bought G. Heile-
man Brewing Co. stock at $42 when beer
scented to bee growth industry; it promptly
nose-dived to $20. New members pore over
research on key industries more carefully
before they buy—and last semester, the
fund managed to outperform the Dow
Jones industrial average 2 to I.

 cuss:

. Mauser; I

 

 

A Vassar Study
Trip to Nicaragua

To try to sort through the din of conﬂict
over US. policy toward Nicaragua, 25 Vas-
sar students and faculty went there on their
spring break. After a semester of seminars
sponsored by the college's American-cul-
ture department, they spent 10 days in Ma-
nagua. Most paid for the $900 trip them-
selves; a few got ﬁnancial aid. “We wanted
to see for ourselves what was taking place.”
says Obika Gray, an assistant professor of
political science. ‘

The Vassar contingent met with oﬁicmls
of the Sandinista government and oppOSi-
tion leaders; they attended mass, visited a
newspaper ofﬁce and watched a National
Assembly debate on a new constitution.
They also had an opportunity to see Sandi-
nista doctrine in practice; on a ViSit to a
govemment-sponsored day-care center, the

 

Roam-u er

Vassar visitors with Nicaraguan kids

l Iii"

Trim r.

Hunter’s New York guests aboard the Staten Island ferry.- Abroad at home

Take Manhattan, The Bronx and Staten . . .

Ifyou‘re longing to study in some exotic
spot—but you can't quite afford a year
abroad—try a world capital that’s closer to
home: Manhattan‘s Hunter College offers a
“Junior Year in New York" program that
provides work experience, education and
cultural opportunities for eight months at a
cost of less than $2,000. Hunter, a liberal-
arts college within the City University of
New York, provides dormitory boasting, a
full roster of classes, an array of cultural
activities including trips to the ballet, opera
and theater, sightseeing with student hosts,
and for-credit internships (among them: ad-
ministrative aide in the mayor‘s ofﬁce and
production assistant at an oﬁ-Broadway
theater).

Most "graduates" of the Hunter program

mantra wrlmv A-

rave about their bite of the Big Apple. “I
grew up a lot just living in the city,“ says
Beth A. Marecki of Wesleyan College in
Macon, Ga., who worked in a women’s
experimental-theater group. Visiting stu-
dents may, of course, learn something about
the downside of urban existence—grimy
subways, the crime threat and occasional
bursts of loneliness on the decentralized
campus. Despite the drawbacks, says Mar-
ecki, “I would not have given up this year
for anything." Several of the junior-year
students have accepted full-time jobs after
graduation at their intern businesses, and a
few have transferred to Hunter to ﬁnish
their degrees. Program director Lucy Hol-
land says that Hunter can accept 30 Visttors
next fall; applications are due by June 15.

 

group listened as preschoolers sang songs
praising the revolution. Even at their tender
age, the children seemed well aware of the
pressure applied by the contra guerrillas,
who are trying to topple the government.
“The kids understood that there was a war
going on around them," says sophomore
Allison Abner. _

The trip shattered many preconceptions
about Nicaragua and its people. The plural-
ism in political opinion. both left and right
ofthe Sandinista party line, surprised some
students and faculty members. Professor
Gray noted “a certain degree of press cen-
sorship"; others were struck by the fact that
they met almost no one who supported the
contras, who are backed by the Reagan
administration. “Nicaragua is not altotal'i-
tariaa state, not a police state, but neither is
it the utopia that many ofits friends would
have you believe," says Gray.

Less Sun, More Fun

Bagging rays used to be no sweat—just
grab a towel, stretch out and “power tan.
But the health-conscious sun worshiper
now faces a dilemma: the beams that bronze
can also cause skin cancer and premature
aging. To help, cosmetics companies are
introducing new moisturizers, lip balms
and stay-on hair conditioners with sun-
screens for the beach season. One ﬁrm is
even trying to cut beach-bag clutter: those
who don‘t want to lug along numerous bot’
tlcs with different sun-protection factors
might try Dial-A-Tan by Jovan, which pro-
vides a range of SI’F's in a single tube.
Dermatologists warn, however. that even
the best sunscreen can't protect against the
ravages of overexposure.

 

 

 

 

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MAY [935

 

