 

 

 

 

The American Express” Card.

EXPRESS

«Don’t leave school without it?”

9866‘611’78 Ltmn ‘Alio °>l"'l 111’s
mm ootz ltmos Slfiv

'DNl ‘ANVLIWOCD SEDIAHEIS GED/"Elk!

WEI/WILL SSERIdXEl NVDRIEIWV

nassnippv .ltl [‘lllLl m1 “rm nrfmsnd

 

 

 

S‘l.L\/'.LS tl}ll.lf\'tl

AN ‘FltlUk rX\ElN ON 'ON ill‘itlﬂtl SSVTD .LSUH

’IIVW deElH SSElNISﬂH

 

 

2ll LL Nl
tlEl’llVl‘l -l|
.kilvs'SL-l. i:lN
‘ll W151 \l UN

 

 

 

As soon its you get u rob. you could get the
American Express Curd

If you’re a senior, all you need is to accept a
$10,000 career—oriented job. That's it. No strings
No gimmicks. (And oven if you don't have a lob
l'l(iill now, don't wor I y 'l'tns offer is still good up to
12 months after you tntklnnte ) Why is American
Express making 11 ~ an;th for you to dot the Curd
right now?

Well, strnply stated, We beImVo in your fnturo,
And ilS you go up the ludtlor, we can help it] u lot

t'iupmpuw “(I-A ‘qiuus out!“ 'LuJV

of ways. rl‘he Card cun help you begin to establish
your credit history And, for bustness, the Card is
invaluable for travel and t'er-itaurants, As well as
shopping for yourself.

Olcourse, the American Express Card 15 rec»
(ionized around the world. So you are too.
> So call 1 800r’l‘l‘lErCARD and ask to have a
Spoctul Student Aprﬂicutton sent '
to youOr look for one oncntnpus
The American Express Card.
Don‘t leave school without it.WI

. __ a.
Alumni-w .qusu'

,r":,\,. .
f 'ina i6}. ‘Isnin. ’
‘ ., .. ' I

. w a

After fine-tuning their proposal, beefing up
their outline, and writing a few sample
chapters, Hitt and his co-author called again on
their agent acquaintance, who in turn
negotiated a sale with Houghton, Miff/in.

"The key to getting something done Is not
only to throw yourself in the traffic—and that's
what networking is—but to make sure what
you’re throwing in the traffic is worth picking
u .

“I think if you're trying to sell something
you don 't think is worth selling, whether it's you
are book or whatever, you ‘re not going to sell
it no matter how many cocktail parties you go
to. Really what you 're selling is talent and net-
working is a great way to sell it, but you can ’t
sell air ”

Perhaps the most successful—and subtle

tr: ——key to networking is your own reputation.
 “There are so many people I've found who are

absolutely brilliant but no one's ever heard of
them," says Stanley. “The fact is they‘ve never
done a successful job of marketing themselves.
On-the-job excellence is only half of the for-
mula you'll need for success in today's work
orld. “Doing something good on the job isn't

- ,worth much," agrees Mazzei. "It isn't

marketable if people don't know about it. You

on't have to be written up in the papers. but It's

mportant that people in the industry know. It
gives you clout."

“There's a marvelous concept called ‘The
aSIeeper Effect.’ " reports Stanley, "where
" eople remember the information. but they for-

et the source. People just say, We heard that
j ame, I've heard that name.’ So I think market-
9 yourself Is very significant."

r -. 0

But, of course. you can't promote yourself
to the exclusion of all else. “No. networking has
to be two-directional." notes Dowd. “By being
a resource to other people you can then feel
free to call upon them to be a resource to you.
I‘ve given lectures before opposing the concept
of networking because so many people disre-
gard this principle, and they use it only for their

own advancement, just to help out themselves.
They don't understand that it's a two-way
street."

"A lot of young people today have the at-
titude of, ‘Hey. I don't have to do this,‘ ” notes
Stanley. "But the secret of networking and in-
ﬂuence peddling is to do things that are perceiv-
ed as. ‘I'm not expecting anything in return.’
That has high credibility. and it will pay off. Peo-
ple respect it, they admire it, and you can call
in your chips at some point in the future.

“The fact Is that most young people today
are very shortsighted. They say. ‘I want
something in return immediately for what I'm do-
ing.’ And the fact is that most people in
managerial positions are impressed by people
who say, ‘Look, I‘m doing things and at I: .st in
the short run there's no visible idea that I'm go-
ing to get something immediately in return.’
Those kinds of people—with enthusiasm and
a willingness to work—are the winners."

HOW TO
NETWORK YOUR
WAY TO A
SECONDVJOB

.. . Imost everyone who’s ever been in
. the job market will tell you it's easier to
*- look for a job when you're employed
than when you're out of work. “You can‘t deny
that you're in a much better position to find
another job if you don’t need one," argues
author George Mazzei. “If you're already
working in a job. you’re considered ‘in the in-
dustry.’ People feel much more comfortable
about helping somebody who is really not
desperate. It's a psychological thing—people
don't like to identify with people who are
unemployed.”
"When you're working you‘re viewed as
a winner, and when you're unemployed
you’re viewed as a failure," agrees the Univer-

 

Speclal Advertising Supplement

sity of Virginia's Karen Dowd. “When you're
unemployed the first assumption is, whether
it's true or not, that there‘s something wrong
with you."

When using your networking skills and
contacts to help facilitate a career move, there
are a few rules of the road you should follow:
0 Don't start looking for a new job the day you

need one; you will need to build a strong and
viable network of contacts before you can
call on anyone for Job tips or recommenda-
tions. Start off by helping out as many peo-
ple as you can (whether by introducing them
to new contacts, or by extending yourself
on your job to make their jobs easier), and

i
u

'1“  ' than}:
Jar
4L

 

 

