 

 
 

12 Aspects on Tuesday ' '

’N‘ovéinbér‘ ‘19; 1‘9‘55

 

Aspects talks to Bob Guccione,Jr.

watch on television never cease to

amuse the grown up honor movie
junkie. Son of Frankenstein and Son of
Godzilla were always as big and bad as
their model parental units and were just as
much fun to be scared to death' by. Even
these days parents find a place in their
hearts to forgive Dick and lane for crawl-
ing into their bed Saturday nights. They
know that Count Dracula has not risen up
from the dead to fix his fangs on the
jugulars of minors.

Michelle J. Krell

Enter editor/publisher Bob Cuccione Jr.,
son of Penthouse publisher Bob Cuccione
Sr. The 30~year~old Bob Jr. isn't busy
spooking little kids these days, but he is
turning heads in the "aboveground" music
publishing arena with Spin. Just as Dad
challenged Playboy with Penthouse, Junior
is challenging Rolling Stone with Spin.
(True to his lineage, he even beat his father
to putting Madonna on the cover of his
magazine.) According to Cuccione, the
first issue of Spin, with Madonna on the
cover, outsold Rolling Stone in New York,
Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver, Dallas
and Houston.

Now that the loan Bob's father gave him

Those Creature Feature flicks kids

 

 

their life to devote to music, so that's part
of it. it's that naivete.

Aspects: Do you think that lack of indie
(independent record label) availability/ac-
cessibility in the stores is a problem?
Guccione: It’s not an asset. There’s nothing
really good to say about being weak. it’s
not an asset. it's a shame that the good
music they (the indies) get is invariably
because the majors don't want to invest in
that group. The indies say, "Yeah, we
will." But the drawback is that they really
can’t do much for the group. That's why
the group eventually signs up with a big
one. Berlin starts up on Enigma and winds
up, wherever they wind up, on Sire. Berlin
is just one of the million examples. The
good groups usually surface, not all of
them, because a lot of them don't surface.
A lot of them are still stuck in the in-
dependents A lot of them like it.

The world isn’t fair. There are 20,000
groups more talented than Madonna.
Madonna, however, is a star package,
commerciality.

Aspects: Then why was Madonna on the
first Spin cover?

Guccione: There's nothing wrong with
that. Some people have viewed Spin as
almost a messenger of the gods for
underground. We are the only mainstream
magazine with mostly unknown groups.

 

   
  

Aspects: What was the first group/per-
former that you remember really liking?
Guccione: Oh, that’s easy. Sandi Shaw's
“Puppet on a String." 1965, probably. i had
an immense crush on her before i even
knew what crushes were.
Aspects: Why is music important?
Guccione: Music is important because it is
oneof the most simple of the art forms. it
is the most simple, the most basic, the most
fundamental. the most primitive. it is pro-
bably or most certainly that most certainly
the most original of art forms. it is
therefore the closest to human expression.
l’ll tap on the desk (he drum rolls), like that,
and be expressing something easier than if]
can write it or draw it or sculpt it or
whatever else. It is an art form that is most
communicable. That’s why it's important.
What we're doing at Spin is we're
transferring from the music that fun, that
sense of fun. That’s why when I look at
Rolling Stone l want to throw up, except l‘~
might graphically improve it. They think
it's bloody life and death. it was never
meant to be. The musicians themselves

 

would be most offended if it was presented
as such.
. . I

One of the most amusing things in the

' Spin offices is a bulletin board.that extends

down a whole wall. Above the mini xerox
replicas of the next issue (and other tack
board amusements) is a poster of a wound-
ed arm that reads downward:

Deadline
Editor.
His obsession
Was to create
The ultimate
Horror.
His curse
Was to live it.

What the son of Bob Guccione Sr. has

created is far from the ultimate horror. _

How long will Spin live'i Their
deadline/production schedule (another
bulletin board amusement) is set up
through February 1986. They appear to be

[It

  
  

safe well beyond that date.

  
   
    
  
 
  

 

 

 

November 19, 1985

    

SUNYA's Telethon '86.

 

Bands to battle

n November 23 J.B.’s Theater will
rock to the sounds of five bands. All
'4 five are in competition for a grand
prize of a single on Blotto Records, with
recording studio time courtesy of Concep-
tions Studio in Saratoga, but the reason
they're playing is to. raise money for

 

Paul DeGeorgio

 

 

Dresden Pink, E.S.P., Dirty Face, and
Rip Roc Bop from the Albany area and
‘ Rome, N.Y.’s Roger Wilco and the Radio
Waves converge on the Albany nightspot
‘ Saturday beginning at 8 pm. For the bands,

 

  

Aspects on Tuesday 13

 

 

 

at JB’s

night of Rock and Roll Warfare, Albany's
Chefs of the Future will be ready to go on.
Tom Lindsay and Mike Eck of the four
piece act dubbed by some “heavy-
mellow", assure me they'll be clutching
their instruments, just in case. Audience
voting and record giveaways will
highlight the evening.

As to the fund-raising aspect of the
event, the money will go to Telethon's
charities: The Albany Medical Center
Pediatrics Child Cancer Care and Spina
Bifida Programs. and Parsons Child 8:
Family Center. Along with pre-sales and
night-of-event sales of the Telethon beer
mugs, admission will be bringing in a lot of
money for the cause. '

The donation of J.B.'s Theater lends the

 

  
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
     
     
   
    
    
   
   

  
  
  
  

   

 

 

it's an opportunity to play live before, for
. many of them, their largest audience to
date. ESP and Dirty Face play the area’s
bars and clubs on a fairly regular basis,
both to an enthusiastic core of fans. Power
* pop-stars Dresden Pink, last heard from the
MCE compilation album American
Undergroundarein the painstaking process
of reformation,and Rip Roc Bop has played
J.B.'s before opening for national acts and
still holds court on the local club circuit.

1 Of the five bands. it seems a bit unusual
that the one going into a,live competition
With the strongest pre-show image would
be from Rome, N.Y., but that’s the situa-
tion with Roger Wilco and the Radio
Waves. The band played to local fans
following the release of their E.P., History.
which also caught airplay of WCDB and

 

 
 

to start Spin has been paid back in full, Spin
is, says Cuccione. “an independent cor-
poration." Even when you take into ac-
count the presencc of full page ads for Pen-
thouse and Omni and the fact that Spin is
on the fourth floor of the Penthouse
building, you can't be too suspicious. it's
difficult to assess anything but fun when a
skinny guy in a jumpsuit has five cham-
pagne glasses. a cappuccino cup and saucer,
and a silver spoon neatly arranged on a
cardboard box to the right of his dishevel-
ed editor's desk. The conspicuous British
accent (a carry-over from primary and
secondary school in England) may charm
the hell out of any yankee, but what Bob
I ' Cuccione Jr. is doing for the alternative
music industry is highly welcome after the
demise of New York Rocker and Trouser

That's because we think they're good
stories. They’re exciting. But we also think
Madonna’s exciting. We don’t want to pro.
duce the usual Madonna story. We pro-
duce‘ours a little different. Afterwards, she
said it was the best interview she had ever
given. We didn‘t do a usual Madonna
story. We did one with Spin style. That
separates us from other magazines. if you
don’t do that then no one will buy the
magazine and no one. will read about the
other acts. No one's going to read about
The Beat Farmers unless we put Sting on
the cover.

Aspects: How’s Spin doing as a business?

Guccione: We’re an independent corpora-
tion. in fact, editorially we’re totally in-
dependent. in fact, my old man and l were

        
  

full feel of the atmosphere to the show and
Vinnie Birbiglia, Mike Densmore, Doug
Jacobs, and Mark Perrin of the club are to
be commended, as are the good people
from Budweiser and especially Sandra
Lehrman and Christine Parks, co-
coordinators of Rock and Roll Warfare.
Lehrman and Parks have spent countless
hours arranging the bands, judges, loca-
tion, publicity, and all the little things (and
there have been a lot of little things) need-
ed to make this work.

With the local music scene struggling to
keep its head above water, Telethon ’Bo’s
Rock and Roll Warfare is bound to
generate interest in the bands and local
music. Here is an opportunity to see five
great bands for a minimal price, have a

   

   

   
    

 

 

 

   
   

 
 

     
  

 
 

   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
  

 

 

  

 

  

  

   
   

 
 

     
  

 

  

 
      
    

 

  

   
 

 

   
  
 

   
 

 

  
 
   

    
    

 
 

 
 
 
 

 

  
  

   
 

 

   

   
      
  

 
 
 

  

 

 

     
  

   

  

Clockwise trom lair: Dirty Face. Teri
Hoanlg oi Droson Pink. Rip Ftoc Bop.

 

    

      

 

Press. How he does it is even more
interesting:

Aspects: in the first issue of Spin you
wrote, “Gone are the passions and excite-
ment of rock-n-roll," relative to the content
of modern music magazines. Does Spin
contain the passions and excitement of
rock-n-roll?

Guccione: We look for an interesting story
rather than what is a sure fire by-line in a
magazine. Spin is interested in all music.
That's why in our next issue we have lke
Turner, who’s a good music story. We
don't do Tina Turner because everybody's
done her. She's there for less than a music
story. We do Annie Lennox although a lot
of people have done Annie Lennox,
because Annie Lennox is a great music
story and her story is a great one. If we got
a bad one, we wouldn't have done it. if a
story's not interesting, why buy Spin? You
can get the same pap (pap is soft food for
infants or invalids) from anybody else.
People Arlugazine, Rolling Stone, Creem.
Circus, ct cctera. et cetera, et celera, et
cutcra, ct cetera.

Aspects: Why should anybody bother
reading Andrea 'Enthals's section on the
underground?

Gnccione: Because underground music is
really very very exciting. i think we get
many more letters about the underground
than anything else. it's become the most
popular section of the magazine. I love it. it
was my idea. I used to read the
underground snippets and things. Of
course, nine out of ten groups i haven’t
heard of. l was interested in ii. The music
sounded interesting. The personality
sounded interesting. l'm your really
average music fan . . . so l figured that if l
had an interest, then there must be millions
of others with similarly average interest.
By that, i mean. people don't have all of

joking. He wanted a story i had. He didn’t
really care, you know. it was the lke
Turner story. it would have been a good
'Penthouse story. but it was a great Spin
story. I said, "Look, you‘ll sell a few more
copies of Penthouse. but l‘ll sell a hell of a
lot more Spin." A couple of stories we’ve
beaten Penthouse to. Weird Al Yankovich
- they wanted that. And Billy Joel —
they've been trying to get him for years,
and we beat them

 

   
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
   
 
  
    
  
   
        
     
        
  
  
 
 

  

 

Sng br

 

      
 

 

    

n.4,..lv a}. u...~.w.--~..¢~nqm~-

  

other college stations.

if one of the finalists can’t perform the

great time and (best of all) help support
Telethon '86. It's for the kids. Cl

three members oi ESP. and Roger Wilco
and the Radio le". COMO" D'OCOWO V

  

 

 
 

wlil benoiti Tnlotnon ‘86.

 

tion of an idea rock star Sting

thought of a while back. Rather than
shoot a documentary detailing the break-
up of a band, a la Let It Be, or simply cap-
turing a concert on film such as the Talking
Heads' Stop Making Sense, Sting felt
following a newly formed band through its
paces, from practice sessions to its first live
performances, would be more interesting.

Ian Spelling

And Sting, to his credit, stands correct.‘

Bring on the Night, directed by British
veteran Michael (Coal Miner’s Daughter)
Apted, takes rockumentary to new limits
by extending the boundaries a musical case
study can explore. The story, per se, is sim-
ple. Sting, on hiatus from The Police, has
decided to form a new band consisting of
several black American musicians. Apted
captures the sense of a birth of a band, and
parallels this to the birth of Sting‘s fourth
child.

The group’s growth is depicted through
several sequences in which Sting explains
his ideas and rehearses vocals. The musi-
cians soon click, the harmonies support the
main voice, and a genuine personal and
musical rapport develops on screen. Apted
intersperses succinct personality profiles

B ring on the Night represents the frui-

 

 

between this prepatory footage, adding ‘

needed human qualities to the musicians.
Branford Marsalis. the saxaphone player

of keen wit and sharper tongue, provides

Night's comic relief. in one interview he

 

recalls a conversation with Sting. “Your
music's a muther-fucker," Marsalis relates.
“ ’A muther-fucker?’ "he says Sting replied.
"We never heard it described quite like
that.” And that's the highest form of a com-
pliment that exists, notes Marsilis.

Sting, however, commands the camera’s
attention. He appears dignified even while his
crooning the Flintstones theme song. Sting
also good naturedly takes abuse from his
band, as they overdramatically read aloud
a British tabloid describing him as an ugly
child who made it big. The film's silent
moments, though, suit the reflective Sting

somewhat scripted and appear thoroughly
staged, Sting’s face says more than anyone
could possibly write.

His clammy, pale skin and steely, pierc-
ing eyes convey the deep thoughts which
must run through the brilliant musician’s
head. Sting's concentration as he plots out
music on a computer is obvious. A proud

 

gs on the Night

   

point,

Though his interviews sound

.V'N
‘ I 

 

smile and the welling of tears in his tired
eyes connote the utter fascination Sting
feels as he aids, for the first time, in the
delivery of his child.

The majority of the music derives from
his latest album, Dream of the Blue Turtles.
ln concert only, Sting plays variations of

Police standards,
"Message in a Bottle,” among others. The
concert performances receive understated
treatment from Aptcd; the music is the

"'Roxanne” and

not the camera angle.

Bring on the Night succeeds on nearly
every level. The film’s sole major flaw is
that Sting is never seen teaching his new
group the revamped Police material, an ex-
perience which must have been frightening
for Sting and would have been of great in-
terest for audiences.

 

 

I ASP rating:

as; |

 

