  

 

 

    
  
   
   
    

 

Student-Drawn Strip Displays Sure Comic Touch

 

 

 

BY BYRON LAURSEN

I)

  

 

 

exans love Eyebeam. both the University of Texas-launched

comic strip and its crink/y-haired. reluctantly-maturing main

character. They even love Hank the Hallucination, the grin-
ning, shape-shifting, reality-bending monster who drops in on
Eyebeam during long study sessions. Back in 1982. “HI Halluci—
nation" was entered in the UI student body elections by some
non-serious types. He won the presidency in a landslide. Eyebeam
is the creation of Sam Hurt, now recently graduated from Texas'
law school. It features a goofi/y-interlccked cast of characters as
appealing as those of the Taxi garage or the M.A.S.H. fie/d hospital.

'l‘here's Eyebeam himself. for starters.
laconic. cynical and observant. Ratliff, his
roommate, procrastinator and under-
achiever par excellence. Sally, the wisest.
sharpest-tongued ot‘ the lot. and also
i-Iyebeam's steady girlfriend. Rod. the
maximal macho ierk and Beth. Sally's
roommate and Rod's "main squeeze." a
girl wlto thinks football players are
gods incarnate.

iiut character. of course. is defined by
action. Here. then. are the folks of
live/learn. activated each in their peculiar
ways by the mysterious force of love.
\V'hy love? Because Valentine's Day is

here. and because you'll love these llni~

ver'sity of Texas knuckleheads as soon
as you get to know them.

 

liorn in Austin. Sam liurt now .20.
started doing cartoons for the Daily
Texan hack in 1978. lie was then .r
junior. He started calling the irregular
feature [give/1mm. then later decided to
invent a character with that name. Things
iust grew after that. as Eyebeam acquired
a roommate. a girlfriend, an hallucina-
tion to call his own. and other necess
srties of college life.

iltrrt has published three hooks ot'col-
lected iiyebeam strips: I'm I‘rulry Sure
lie (in! My Dr'er Ray In [Ir-re 5mm»

l-i-ln-muy/Jlarch I085. Ampersand

 

where. live/team — ‘llrercybre I Am and
[ferric .llet-rtie .llillie 'l'rr'eed. Famed
editorial cartoonist Ben Sargent wrote in
the first book's foreword: "The only apt
comparison for Iiyeheamk imaginative»
ness is George tiarriman's late. great
Knm- Km, and any comic strip huff will
tell yotr that is high praise indeed. i
think Sam Hart is last what the comic
strip trade needs."

llurt recently graduated from Texas"
Law School and. concurrent with facing
the real world. is gradually “growing up"
his characters. Eyebeam has gone
through law school and taken a iob with
Shortbread & Snuii’. Attorneys at Law.
Ratliff got a position (and then got fired)
a! a local TV station. where his function
was to turn tip the volume whenever
mobile home commercials interrupted
the late movie. S'tlly is still trying to de-
cide on art occupation. That is. Hurt is
trying to decide for her. iiut he is certain
that she still listens to the Roche sisters
bizarre new wave music almost exclu-
sively and she was very excited about
Geraldine Ferraro.

llurt's hooks are available in some
bookstores or by mail from AAR ‘i'an-
talus. lnc.. l’.0. iiox 895. Austin. TX
78707 for $4.95 plus 50 cents extra per
book for postage and handling

 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

HELLO. DEBBIE 7
THIS iS‘FléﬂTLIFF... .

‘i‘thamMrhor stii/


 

 

 

 

 

  
   
 

 

 

   

 

stand how love works.

 

 

  

.‘v

Sometimes Sally tries, In her ironic way, to help Ratliff under-

 

 

 

(Continued from page 16)

I icai about playing 10 in Little Women.
- heard recently on National Public Radio.

in fact. she noted enthusiastically that
this interview was the only time she had
been asked about that piece of work.

“In Little Wayne”. 1 had‘to age from 16
to 35. Between one plsode and another.
10 years were supposed to elapse, so I
had to put 10 years of experience into
my voice. - ' ‘

“Your voice comes from a completely

ditTerent place. Sometimes, standing In
front of the microphones. i would close
my eyes and imagine the scene. For a lis-
tener to use imagination is one thing,
but for an actress, you get to create
everything."
‘ Professionally. one of her major dis-
appointments was Oxford Blues. She
went to England. to play the part of a
coxswaln, and was on the river daily
at 6 am. .

As she explains. “The opportunity and
challenge of jumping. into a boat with
eight British rowers and coaxing them
up and'down a river was just too great
for me to pass up. i love the fact that as a
female and an American the odds were
realiytagainst me."

Obviously, they were against the film
as well. Opening brieﬂy, it closed even
faster. and Ally will say only. “it didn't
work." “

Though her priorities are in acting to-
day. Ally is committed to continuing her
education. if she were to go to school
full-time, she'd need about another 1~1/2
years of credits for graduation. But it's a
much slower process, going part-time.
She loves her acting classes and dancing;
and lust tolerates the academics, '

Ally believes that acting is a craft best
learned from those with years of experi-
ence, and considers Katherine Hepburn
her ultimate role model.

“My mother always said, ‘Don't be at"-
raid to say you learned from another
person;_ you learn from everything
around you,"‘ Ally says.

Surveying her future, Ally says, "When
you grow up, you're doing what your
parents tell you. When you turn !8 and
go to college you get a groundwork to
make decisions. The real thing comes
when you leave, and this first year after
going to college full time. I feel like l‘m
putting my education in living to use.

“i feel‘ like everything has gotten
much simpler. Coming out here 1 hurt a
million choices to make — taking
courses. meeting friends  and every-
thing was ln the air. But over the past
few years, as time goes by, I've had more
selective needs."

To Ally, those needs include more
meaty acting roles. a love she can hold
onto-«and. eventually. a family.

she fairly radiates ioy at the thought of
having a daughter. “1 want 'to give her
freedom. i want her to be able to trust
her guts—in life and love. And i really
do believe that love. pure love. is one of

the most wonderful things lit the world."

  

 

 

     
 

* SCRIPT-CITY Ar
Film at 1V Scripts—GI antic Selection
Send tor FREE catalog, aceive FREE otter!
Surprcrty, 1705 N Highland. LA CA 00028

  

tau-Lott tutorur

RECEIVE VISA.‘ MASTERCARD WITH NO
credit check. Simple, legal. guaranteed! Pius
other credit secrets. I’rce details! Send SASE
to: National Credit Company, l’.0, Box
41184-C, Cleveland. Ohio 44141.

 

NATURE POSTERS
MAGNIFICENT "BALD EAGLE" FLYING
WITH FISH photo-poster. $5.00. “Te-
tons." "Yosemite"  Seven nature .
photo-posters: $17.00. FREE BROCHURE. V U A R N E T
Frontier Publications. PO. Box 821,
Boulder, CO 80306.

       

   

 

 

 

‘ MOVIE POSTERS
Actual material as used by theatres. From
vintage to all current rcieasa. Thousands

 

 

4002 "Cot-ow" 802.00

ca s. 09
$52.00 (refundable with first order).

CINEMA CITY

we so. tour out A Megan mlvul

Meganet now offers the complete line oi
VUARNET-FFIANCE sunglasses by mail
order. Write tor FREE catalog. or call:

MIEGRI'IET
3530 Witshlro Blvd. Suite 309. Beverly Hills.
CA 90211 or call toll-m. mo 521-7225
in Catlt. 800 321-7645 um

 

 

 

A WAY TO FIGHT BACK!
v JOIN

Make a resolution to wear the
finest in ’85. Available are: “Bill The
Cat." “Bill 8t Opus — Pro-Election,"
“Bill 8. Opus — Post-Election,“ ond ,——
"Opus". Each T-shlrt $10.20 post
paid. Advise size. Send MO. for
foster shipment.

0
World Oyauléarbn Tn lrmrr Muir .5qu
‘ AT LAST.
THE MALES OF THE WORLD ARE
COMING OUT OF THEIR HOLES.
JOIN WORMSI
A LIFETIME MEMBERSHIP CERTIFICATE.‘
' CARD W0 MS PIN
ARE ONLY $5.95 + 75‘ EACH
FOR SHIPPING AND HANDLING.

" " ‘ 'ﬁrﬁ ﬁrﬁ‘ﬁti'AIEFrA—rfx'ﬁﬁ" '1
UNITED sures

  
  
 

rm only mail my mum entirety oom-
! when 0 menu Untlod ur- ‘pop mtlurr prom
. war A lian camera-u oi m- Ind unumt Iloml.
5 mom... I I ma It mum

 

 

7 333133;: gm +H 1%: ‘ENAé H cw ot-nn Gmnhlcm to: am: A 5 gm agahﬁltntﬁ‘hfh'ami mm...
«m . .. .
 m "’“ =ammaarhrem°aa
MAIL CHECK OR MONEY ORDER TO the GI o Foundation wit rocotve a too or the ' -
rovdtlu dorm trom tho Ida at these trump0n t— _ 5L“: @ae'llﬂmgstwsomm‘m

 

 

 

 

BOX 47906 N. HOLLYWOOD, CA 91807

  

POE 5
WANTED

Major anthology now seeks poems: love, nature. haiku. religious. song
lyrics, reflective. free verse—all types! Beginners welcome! Our editors
will reply within 7 days. Send ONE POEM ONLY. 21 lines or less. to:
WORLD OF POETRY PRESS
Dept. AM - 2431 Stockton - Sacramento, CA 95817

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE BEST OF MUSIC AND
FILM IN 1984?..XOU TELL US!

AMPERSAND’S First Annual Student Choice Awards”

You be the critic; let your voice be up to three choices for any of the
heatd...it's simple. Just drop us a following categories (in order of
postcard (or note) in the mail with preference) for 1984's Best:

Send your choices to:
Ampersand's Student
Choice Awards

PO. Box 699

Hall 0d. CA 90078
-Fllm —Muslcal Group Vw°
—Actor —Female Vocalist or Muslcran Look to, “,0 result, 0, “w
—AcIress —Male VocaIISI 0r MUSlClan dent young naﬂonaﬂy In the
-—Album —Music Video April Issue of Ampersand.

f'I’IN‘ll(/I]’/.IIlll‘t'b I985. Ant/remand

  

It.)

 

