4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY, APRIL 16. I985

 dammittee will)
act to evaluate dept. ’s strengths

By Barbara Abrahamer
STAFF WRITER ‘

An attempt to strengthen the goals and evaluate
the focus of the African and Afro-American studies
department will be made by a newly established
asdvisory committee. starting this Friday.

The, committee. established by SUNYA President
Vincent O’Leary and made up of faculty and ad-

' ministrastors “who share a common concern" for
the department. will not be a problem-solving uit.
but, according to O’Leary. will “Formulate recom-
mendations to enhance the department."

'O'Learyt created the new committee‘after the
resigneation of Vivian Gordon. former chair of the
African and Afro-American Studies department.
The committee includes 'members or the depart;
ment, professors from other depasrtments. ad-
ministrators and students. Dr. Joseph‘Russellg ex-
ecutive director of the National Counil for Black
Studies and dean of Afro-American affairs at in-
diana University, will be the first of many national
authorities to advise the committee. .

Gordon‘s resignation was later withdrawn and
she resumed her professoriai dutiesvbut President
O‘Leary “concluded that Dr. Gordon should not
return as Chair of the Department” based on his
“assessment of the management needs of this
Department. ' '

O'Leary has declined to comment upon what the
Department’s management needs are. but said that
’his decision “in no way reﬂects on Dr. Gordon's
scholarship. her academic perspectives. or her
stastus as a respected faculty member." it became
clear that the goods of the Department needed to be
“sarticulated and reaffirmed." said O‘Leary.

“When there's a change in the leadership of a
department therre is often a chance to evaluate or
focus on the unit and use the change to see what the
future holds." said Harry Hamilton, Associate
Vice-President for Academic Affairs.

The committee will address the questions of
“how African and Afro-American Studies should
relate to the rest of the campus. and “what sort of
resources need to be directed towards the depart-

ment." said Hasmilton. He emphasized that the_

committee “will not be a problem-solving unit."
The formation of the committee “will convey the
seriousness of the institution to have a strong pro-
gram." said Hamilton. He noted that "with an un-
predictable and unexpected resignation people
question the intent of the institution... We have to

overtly show that the institution means well."
Although most departmental review committees are
initiated internally. the fact' that in this case in-
itialived came from sthe university administration is
only “a difference of degree and npt of kind." said
Hamilton.

A member ofthe new committee, William Robin-
son. a graduate student in African and Afro-
American Studies. said he feels that the department
is now “backtracking.” Robinson said he "thought
the direction was already there with her (Dr. Gor-
don)." but he speculated on whether “Albany was

The» aim of the committee
is to “give the department
direction and strengthen

it’s visibiIity. ”
—Julius Thompson

 

ready for her."

“i want to try to continue to do what Dr.Gordon
ws doing for the department." said Robinson.
which includes "providing direction. making
available more resources to facilitate research. and
incorporating the community into usine the depart-
ment as a resource area.”

The current situation seems like “we're going
back to block one when we were on block ﬁve
heading towards block ten." said Robinson.

According to O’Leary. he chose the committee
members on the basis of their common interest in
the program and their “broad experience in the
Unversity...Thcy're general representatives that
share my eOncern” for the department.

Julius ThOmpson. Acting chasir of the Depart-
mcnl of African and Afro-American STudies and a
committee member said he expects that the commit-
tec will be a "consulting arm for the department,"
but “will not review the (past) work of the depart-
ment." instead. its aim will be to “give the depart-
ment direction and strengthen its visibility." he
said. . 'U

 

 

 

ALBANY STATE:

The RUGBY Team Needs Your Support

Come cheer on ALBANY STATE RUGBY
as they face Union College in the game 0

(It will be WWIII)
wraps. April 17

the year!!!

4:00 p.m. on the

in back of Indian Quad
(by the practice football field)
DON’T MISS IT: ‘
There will be lots of

:1: BLOOD, SWEAT '
A132. '
TEARS.
(Not Necessarily Ours)

 

3rd Soccer Field

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By David Werthelm
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

No less than the fate of the
earth was debated in last
Thursday’s panel discussion on
Reagan's proposed Strategic
Defense Initiative (SDI) or
‘Star Wars' plan.

terest Research Group
(NYPIRG) sponsored debate
attracted about 75 people to
the two hour forum in LC 3.
The event was co-sponsored by
Peace Project.

Speaker Ralph Benko. local
chair of "Citizens for
America" spoke in favor of the
Star Wars proposal. emphasiz-
ing his faith in America as a
force for peace in the modern
world. “I agree with Ronald
Reagan.” said Benko. “who
said in 1981 that we believe that
the time has come to stop the
building of offensive weapons.
and build a defensive screen.”

Keith Ingliss of the SUNYA
Physics department and the
Union of Concerned Scientists,
disagreed with Benko. “As an
offensive weapon. Star Wars
makes some sense. with very
major technological ad-
vances.” he said. “but as a
defensive system Star Wars
makes no sense unless the
politics on earth changes to
open up the technology to the
rest of the world.“

The New York Public In- I,

Panel discusses Reagan’s
SDI, debates fate of earth

Benito wathl’ie only speaker

in favor of SDI.’ as Dr. Leik‘

Myrabo of the Renssclaer

Polytechnic Institute (RPI) ad- v

v." need. energetic’s department
was unable to attend. In
response to Ingliss’ opening
remarks. Benko said. “There
are two kinds of ‘Star Wars.’
with no specifics on
to ‘hnology. ' ’_

“We could be using off the
shelf. meaning existing
technologln within four years.
The ground to air defenses
could be put in place. Right
now, we won't because that
would violate the ABM (anti-
ballistic missile) treaty. But we
know that the Soviets , are
already ' in :zviolation‘ of ', that
treaty.” saidIBenko. “In fact.
th “ Soviets are already building
a star wars system." he
declared. , ,

The title of the forum. “The
Fate of the Earth." is also the
title of a popular book by
Jonathan Schell. “Jonathan
Schell has come out in favor of
Star Wars. because it could
allow the United States to
unilaterally freeze.” said
Benko. “I say. even if the
system cost a 'rillion dollars. it
would be worth it."

Roberta Glaros of the
political science department.
emphasized political motives as

23>

 

 

 

member- $10
non-members $13

"cults on tnu cumin

V camel (IIIIII 01"IIMV'IIIWIIIV"
on mt.

488-0801 or 434-2521

W __L_L_“ﬁ‘1"rf'm 4%
W
The Investors Club
on HDI'II 19th - Friday

featuring: NY STOCK EXCHﬂNCI a
scum smear sen PORT

Bus leaves circle
at 8:00 am

Bus leaves city
at 8:00 pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

ism:

 

 

 

m i

'Phone: 462-4058
or 462-4059

riental Re

514 Washington
éun.-Wed. llam to 1231sz urs.-Sat. llam to 4pm

venue. Albany

 

 

VFelloWsallovv'j‘vvomen  _
New York State's. policy makingrprocesssi‘ -

By Alida Clemens '

Judith Saidel used to lobby for bills. Now she
helps write them. _

A participant in a unique fellowship program
open to graduate'students who‘ai-e interested in
women's issues. Saidel has been assigned to

Assembly member Alan Hevesi. who chairs a Task.

Force on the Disabled. The mother of a disabled
son and a daughter with a learning disability. she
finds understandable satisfaction in her legislative
placement. “Now I'm involved in the process." she

’ said. -

Saidel. along with eight other fellows. is taking
advantage of the Legislative Fellowship on Women
and Public Policy. an opportunity for graduate

’ students to become actively involved in New York

State’s policy<making process. The program. spon-
sored by SUNYA‘s Center fOr Women in Govern-
ment is available to matriculated students who are
enrolled in public or private college or university in
New York State. ’

Fellows can come from any academic discipline.
but must demonstrate a commitment toward im-
proving the status of women through their research.
paid employment, or volunteer activities. They are
awarded a 39.000 stipend for the seven months of
work. '

Although all nirie 1985 fellows are now connected
to SUNYA through the Fellowship Program. Saidel
and Kristian MiCCio have a special link to the
university. Saidel is studying for an MFA at the
Graduate School of Public Affairs. Mlcclo received
her Masters Degree in Public Policy Development
from SUNYA in 1975. and is currently completing
law training. ‘

“Women’s issues 'are" consistent with my in-
terests.” said Micclo. who previously taught
women‘s studies courses at Albany and SUNY-New
Paitz. While living in Albany. Miccio often led
career development sessions sponsored by the
Center. for Women in Government. Through her
connection with the Center. she learned about the
Fellowship Program. -

Fellows are assigned as staff to New York state

it: islators or committees for 30 hours each week.

w ere‘ they gain "hands-on experience in the

legislative process. Some fellows helpidraft new-

biils. Others. through their 'specialized
backgrounds. act as advisors to' legislators or
committees.

Miccio is currently working with the Legislative
Women‘s Caucus. a group comprised of 25 women
from the Assembly and the Senate. Because of her
legal expertise, she acts as the women’s legislative

 .V- .. ,:

   

 

counsel. She advises the caucus on legislation con-
cerning women and children. “We operate as a
team." Miccio said referring to the other two. staff
members and herself. ‘

She said she gets along well with the women she
works with and that. they consider her a regular
member of the staff. .“The people are fantastic."
she said. “The fellowship is helping me develop
contacts:-I'm obtaining a set of skills which are
transferable -— skills I’ll take with me wherever i
so." » '

Along with their legislative responsibilities. the

fellows take 12 credits of academic coursework at

the Graduate School of Public Affairs. The courses

'are divided into three seminars: The Legislative

Process. and Women and Public Policy I and II are
taught by Helen DesFosses. Chair of the Depart-
ment of Public Affairs and Academic Director of
the Fellowship Program. Discussion centers around
current issues crucial to New York State. according
to DesFosses. Each fellow must complete a
research-oriented project based on her work within
the legislature. g

The fellowship program was “an exciting oopor-
tunity . . . tailor-made to meet several interests of
mine." said Saidel. who taught history and political
science at Albany Academy for Girls before
deciding to apply to the program. A resident of
Fuera Bush. New York. she first heard about the
Legislative Fellowship by reading the “State Diary“
section of the Albany Times Union:

A community activist involved with the New
York State Association for the Learning Disabled,
Saidel commented that her “fortunate placement"
fulﬁlled both personal and professional needs. She
isnow helping to draft a Special Education Reform
Bill with Hevesi an several of his assistants. She
also summarizes testimony and conducts research
for specfic. projects.

This year's fellows seem to work especially well
together. All nine women Come from diverse yet
equally valuable backgrounds ranging from an an-
thropologist to a student in nursing research.
“We’re learning from each other . . . we’re a group
of people functioning as a‘family.“ commented
Miccio. ' ' ” ~ '

“The fellows developed'a cohesion very quickly
which is always positive." added DesFosses. In ad-
dition to their’academic classes together. the fellows
participate in an infdrmal support group facilitated
by Maud Easter. Fellowship Coordinator and
Susan Russell. Legislative Liaison. Members are en-
couraged to share their experiences in thoeir

' 1 p

 

Association (NEA) has found.

Bull—cut a class. Also a putdown
meaning to forget or Ignore someone or
somethlno. as in "Bell that."
Bock'n—golng very last

. Butt—muscular. tough I
Bump'n—soundc good, In relerence to
muslc;/ammln 'haa same meaning.

- Related expressions: crush ’n. looks
good. in reference to clothes; and mm.

‘ tastes good. _
Burnt—tough. strict. as In “Myteaeher's
burnt." Also too bad. unfortunate. as in
"That's burnt."
Bull—an lncult. as In "Bust you out!"
Chief—term of address. used for
practically anyone ~
Chill out—be cool. lake It easy
Crib—home
Drive the parcel-In bus—throw up
Flmll—do poorly on or tell a test
Flake—tall to keep an appolntment, as
In "1 linked on her."
Full-on.tully——bost posalble, perfect
Gnarly—gross. raunchy. really
disgusting. In some regions may mean
"good."

Hersh—mean. strict. Also something
bad that happens. as In "That's harsh."

The: Latest In Teen Slang

(CPS) -— A new generation of teen slang has emerged along with
the new crop of high' school students. the‘ National Educatlon

commonly-used “teenspeak” words. the NEA came up with this list:

Asking Its membersto report

Homebothomeglrl—trlendly termct
address for someone trorn same ‘
neighborhood or school.

Kick buck—relax .
Kill—really good. as in “That’s so kill."
Mellow up-rcalm down; '

Noatwhlstlo—person wearing welrd ‘ '
clothing I

Pop—belntrouble _ - ‘
‘ Rad.radlcal—roally neat.cool.lcrrltlc ’ ’

“onion—parents ~' I ' ' T '
Rouge—steal
Hull—neat. cool
S'up—a greeting meaning “what's up?"
Squuh that melon (or squash
than—forgot It. It's no good
Squid—someone who's out of it;
synonyms: dork, geek, narc, stud,
[ulcebox

Slotted—really excited; synonym: slked
(or psyched)

Tamale time—expression connotlng
embarrassment

Totally-absolutely

Word—a noun ot alllrmatlon. to
acknowledge or support a statement, as
In "Thatglrl letlno. Word."

t

 

.x"\ " I

‘rua‘s' .49. APRIL :16, 1985 El ALBANY srupemmess 5

r I ~ w
U.‘.-...rv,. ,

 

 

omefaciwei 

., ..,, p - -. » 1.

sgggg Mg m g gr‘zz‘A PARLog

1238 Central Ave., lessutha‘n l.5"mi. from campus

 

(right below Valley's)
1, along with our subs we are 7
$9.33” NOW SERVING ‘99?!)
' e
" —e——— PIZZA
Hot Meatball Torpg Hot Sausage Torps

‘ Pi'zza Served: I
Sunday-Thurs. 4pm to 123m PROMPT
Friday 81 Sat. 4pm to 1am DELIVERY

 

 

10 percent discount on any purchase w/ Student ID. '

 

 

 

“The paranolds are after me.”

 

 

 

"There are a lot or good peoplo‘
all over NJ."
I! you would like to work or. interesting firms in
huh-tun und can type. 35 llPH send in your
priority rest-tractor: form immediately. Good
hourly rates for Admin. Acct... Secretaries. Word
Prone-ore. Figure clerks and Recoptionlete.

 

 

 

 

 

.------RBSEIIVI A SUIMEII JOBI---------
I Return Coupon Immediately :
: VII-me ‘ |
' Address :
: City. State. Zip :
: Home Phone ' :
: School Phone :
: Date Avail. I
I Ellyn!” E] Rec-pt [J Mall/Stock :
:. _[]_,Secretury I [1‘ Qlorleal“ U Acct; Clerk:
:‘V [J llcrd Proc. [J Proofreader [J Piling '

Ho. Cindy Sarn-

good people Temporary Personnel
In East. llan Street:
New York, ILY. 10011

 

 

 

 

 

  

1v "rs/mo UNIVERSITY
 CAMPUS

Enroll. now ran rm:

9
E VEK YTHIIYG
SUMMER

I'OR STUDY AND RECREATION
In thc‘hecrt of Long lslhnd'gllesgll'ﬁfommunlty on a 1 10am:
. ’ p _ . .

cam us with its own residence h
Job lstlngs on campus. flexible class time.

.. . Three Summer Sessions—May ZGJtrne 14 (4 weeks),
June 17-July 19 (5 mama July,22-August 23 (5 weeks
Earn up to 12 credits in a lO-Week hrtod
More than 80 popularunder radumte coursec‘ln
the Arts, Busi’necs.'ﬂuma'nit ea, So‘clcl Sciences,
Sciences. Computer Studies. English and
CommunicationsArtc;‘Bducmtlon. , ,
l and 2 Week Intensive GRADUATE COUIISLS in business,
Educatlon. health Science.- mrlne'sCIence v
""5 SUMMM.‘.. JPllIBNCl EXCITING sourrunm
For details. telephone (516 283'4000 M “4

or mat coupon

 

C surmen omen
Longwlsland University
uthamipton Campus
soummr'ron, new You “9663

"use as: me more Inlarrnstlcn about Sumner ’65

 

- _* r . '1'. I. MRI-55ml!“ I
M M Opportunity/Wm Mm m CIW/SYMIIIIF

 

 

 

 

 

 

