 

 

 

 

 

 

MULTIPLE CHOICE

A Wide-Open Market
For Meat Majors

Tired of the phalanxes of business majors
all around you? How about a major that‘s
different, yet practical . . . like Meat? Sul
Ross State University, in the midst of the
west Texas cattle country, has developed
a hefty Department of Meat Industry Man-
agement and Technology, with courses like
“Meat Science" and “Physiology and Bio-
chemistry of Muscle as a Food.“ The Sul
Ross program covers the industry from
ranch to table, says Paul Will, associate
professor of animal science. It offers a four-
year BS. degree and a two-year associate of
applied-science degree, plus internships,
which Will describes as “icing on the cake."
About 50 students are enrolled in the
program. more than one-third of them wom-
en. The Sul Ross meat~management bro-
chure, the cover of which once pictured a
hard-hatted scientist wielding a chain saw
against a side of beef, entices potential stu-
dents with a wide-open job market: “There
are more positions available in the meat
industry than there are qualiﬁed college
graduates to ﬁll the vacancies." And this
major offers an additional beneﬁt: the lab
experiments, from hams and cured meats to
prize-winningsausages, can besold.

 
  
 

Sul Ross grinds: A n education at steak

  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

  

Can ‘Feminine’ Looks
Hurt Career Women?

Researchers have found that good looks
can help a person in a lot of ways, from
inducing better grades in school to favorably
inﬂuencing a jury at a trial. But studies
indicate that beauty can be ﬁckle, backﬁring
on women as they climb the corporate lad-
der. New York University psychology Prof.
Madeline Heilman and doctoral student
Melanie Stopeck showed résumés and pho-
tos ofpurported executives to l 13 working
men and women and asked them to explain
the executives’ success. Attractive men and
unattractive women were more often seen as
having moved into executive ranks by sheer
abilityand wereapttobedescribedas having
integrity; attractive women were not so fa-
vorably assessed. “Simply put," Heilman
said, “[attractive women] were most often
believed to have gotten where they were for
reasons other than their skill and/or tel-
ent." In another Heilman study, business
students were asked (also based on faked
dossiers) whether they would hire certain
people for management. Attractive women
. generally received lower salary recommen-
dations than equally qualiﬁed attractive
men and unattractive women.

Beauty may not be the only factor work-
ingagainstexecutive women.Anotherstudy
- indicates that simply looking too “femi-
nine" can hold women back. Old Dominion

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
   
 
  
  

  

   
    
 
  
  
  

  
  

  
   
     
    
  
  
  

 
 

   
  
   

  

  
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
    

   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
 

 
 

  

 
 
 
 
  

 

One hundred dollars barely buys enough
books for a semester these days, but for two
lucky freshmen it will buy a year‘s educa-
tion at Goucher College. To celebrate its
centennial, the Baltimore women's college
decided to roll back tuition to the 1885 level
for two scholarship winners. Honorees
Anna-Marie Christello of Baltimore and

mm), For only $19.95. our new Angela Enger~McCartney of Rome, 6a..

are fx-115 is also solar powered and has will pay $100 for full tuition, room and

“c a 10 digit + 2mg“ exponent display. board. which now cost $12,570 a year. The

h And with its 67 functions—including ' ’
the computer math conversions that Applications "

nce. are so valuable in today‘s high tech b°°" "WM"

:i— environment—it gives you more

ry, functions than any other calculator the assault on your batteries. it turns

Is In Its prIce class. I itself off after five minutes of non—use.

lets ‘ Also offering you the most Whether you're mastering the
functions In Its class Is our battery basics or exploring new frontiers. the

y powered tx-250 tor $14.95. its 38 higher you tech, the more you need

g SCtenlllIC functions include standard Casio. ‘

ss. deviation, polar to rectangular con-
verSIons and tull trig functions. lts

n calculations can be read easily on its

y of liquid crystal 8-digit 0"

display. And to lessen Where mira

Slut] lb Gardner Hqu, i'ilttlltlltl. N J 07006 New Jersey(

cles never cease

Centennial Bargain: Tuition, Housing for $100

 
  
  
   

   
 
 
 
 
   

 

University psychology Prof. Thomas Cash
asked 216 male and female corporate man-
agers to judge the career prospects of busi-
nesswomen, some with more feminine hair
styles and clothing than others. The more
femininely groomed women were judged
less competent than their more androgyn-
ous peers—and, as a result. less likely to be
recommended for management and execu-
tive positions. The apparent reason: femi-
ninity is deemed incompatible with qualities
such as strength. leadership and decisive-
ness that companies look for in potential
managers. Ultrafeminine fashions seem to
help women only when they are going after
“pink collar" clerical positions or jobs in
traditionally female ﬁcldslikecosmeticsand
fashion.

To beat such prejudices, Cash concluded,
women might have to give in somewhat—
not by being less attractive but by avoiding
such overly feminine styles as long hair,
low-cut sweaters, dangling jewelry and
heavy makeup. As Cash put it: “lfa woman
wants to succeed in a man‘s world, she had
better not look too feminine. Several ‘dress
for success' books have made it to the best-
scllerlist by advising women to get ahead in
busines by wearing their hair short, using
cosmetics sparingly and wearing conserva-
tive suits. Our research suggests, sadly, that
the advice is sound."

 
 
     

two were chosen by an alumni, faculty and
administrative committee from 135 quali-
ﬁed applicants, who had been nominated by
Goucher alumni or high-school headmas-
ters on the basis of “superior academic and
leadership records." Goucher may have
given up some potential tuition money, but
it probably came out ahead: according to
Janice Boster, director of admissions, the
contest helped boost applications 15
percent.

 
 
 

  

   
  
    
  
  
   

  

 
  

 

  
   

   

  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 

 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 

  
  

 
 

 u
re people,

A 4... 21-}
a Immlred—year-

maygmﬁ
old bargain

 

   

 

 

 

 
 

201 )575-7400. Los Angeles (213) 808-3411

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER 1985

  

 

