  
  

2a Aspects'

 

meow, meow; ahhh

 

hike“ 19. 1985*"

 

The cat’s pajamas

. hey‘ve finally done it. They've made
.I I a solid movie out of a Stephen King
story. Following terrible screen ver~
sions of Christine. Ciiio. Children of the
C om, Firestarter. and mediocre adaptations
of The Dead Zone. and Tire Shining, there

is Cat's Eye.

Ian Spelling

Perhaps you never heard of a King book
titled Cat's Eye? There‘s a good reason for
that. King never wrote one, It seems King
felt compelled to take matters into his own
hands. He wrote the screenplay based on
two short stories from Niglitsliitt. .rnd also
penned one segment especially for Drew
Barrmore (from E. T.),

The three unrelated stories which torn-
pi'ise Cat's Eye hang togellier surprisingly
well. Cat's Eye can honestly claim what
both Twilight Zone- The Movie and
Creeps/row lacked. And that is a sense of
continuity, The cat ot the title is a stray
which can't seem to stay out ot trouble. lie
finds himself a niche in each of the stories.

The first story concerns a man (James
Woods) who cani quit smoking. A liieiid
suggests he liy Quilters lnc. As the man in
charge (Alan King) so aptly e\plains. "We
are going to ihange your life." To
demonstrate their iiielhods King pills the
cat in a chamber equipped with a floor
which electrically shocks the animal to the
tune of Tivist ant/Shout. Should Woods he
caught smoking once, his wife will take the
cat's place, A second drag would doom
Woods' daughter to receive the treatment.
A third pirff results in the rape of his wife,
And a fourth putt? Not too many get that
far. ’

King exudes pure evil in this episode.
During a fascinating, frightening nightmare
sequence King leterally oozes malevolence.
Woods makes tor a superb victim as the

 

 

 

 

smoker in question.

The cat winds up in Atlantic City. where
the audience is introduced to a man
(Robert Hays of Airplane) engaging in an
alfair with a inobster’s wife. This mobster's
(Drine's Ken McMillan) gambling ways are
immediately obvious when he wins a
$1.000 bet that the cat would survive a
perilous attempt to cross a busy street. it
does. McMillan scoops up the cat and mut-
tcrs something to an underling about

.ment where he is given a choice: Go to

 

following through with a certain order.
Hays is brought to McMillan's apart-

prison'when the cops discover a planted
bag of heroin in his car's trunk or walk
along the five inch wide ledge surrounding
McMillan's building. Hay's prizes for sur-
viving would be the wife, a large sum of
cash, and his freedom.

 

The tandem actingpby Haysgandw

McMillan creates true sparks, particularly
during the episode's two nasty Kingian plot
twists. The special optical effects are
nothing less than first rate. as well.

The cat finally arrives at Barrymore’s
home. She's been having nightmares about
a troll which tries to steal her breath. The
cat, now dubbed General, comes to the
rescue. Standing in his way is Barrymore's
mom, who believes stray cats belong out-
doors at night. Explaining the remainder of
this fascinating episode would: ‘ prove
fruitless. it demands to be seen.

. The best performer in this final sequence

'is the cat. Watching him fight the troll

creates genuine tension because it looks so
real. The cat is fighting fur his life (and Bar-
rymore’s) against Carlo Rambaldi's latest
creation. He's best known for building ET.
The special effects are generally superior,
although the scenes in which the troll. cat.
and Barrymore, interact are. visually
inadequate. ‘

The most enjoyable aspects of Cat’s Eye,

are the in-jokes thrown in for the attentive
viewer. The dog chasing General at the
outset is Cuio. The car which narrowly
misses the cat is Christine, and if you’re not
quick enough, a close-up of a bumper
sticker will clue you in. You can also look
for Saint Stephen's School for the Excep-
tional (Established in t939 — King‘s year
of birth), the man watching The Dead
Zone who says "Who writes this crap'l."
and a woman reading Pet Semetary.

All of the fun comes to the screen via
Lewis Teague. He is the same man who
directed Cujo, one of the worst pictures
ever made. The ancient addage "practice
makes perfect" certainly applies here. Cat's
Eye is a witty. cohesive, and thoroughly
entertaining film. King fans should rejoice,
King himself may take several bows. and
everyone else should be standing on line at
the theater. So what are 'you waitingfor'l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PRI L

$3.00 WITH TAX CARD
4.50 WITHOUT

S-;.4fiCENTER BALLROOM S.A. mans

INDIAN QUAD BOARD PRESENTS

 

 

.1 8:00. I «I
20.-.10:00} ' 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4

 

 

April 19,. 1985‘

n April 1 Ist. .UCB will bring General Public to the
University Gym for what promises to be one of the
best shows on campus this year. General Public

features the talent of former English Beat vocalists Ranking I

Roger and Dave Wakeling. GP's first. album All the Rage.’

and the single "Tenderness" both cracked the Top-30 imr
mediately. earning GP the‘continuecl support of Beat fans

and a new public‘ as well. ASPECTS hooked up with Dave,

Wakeling. the band'slyricist/singer/cool-guy to ask a few .

questions. '1"

Tori: Kacandes

 

 

ASP.- In your interview with Rolling Stone, (Ian. 3 If 1985)

they stressed that you've toned'done the politics in the new- -

album. - - » ~ . r a
Waketlng: i don't think it's "toned down". i think it's  _
look. if they mean by "toned down" that it's still there but
it's not so blatant. then I'd agree. I think there's more politics
on this record than there was on the last Beat record. It‘s Just
that you have to turn over a couple of stones to find it. i.
think that we're in conservative times now. not only as far
as politics are concerned, but also where the media is con-
cerned, and that you're much better to suggest than try and
be subversive or be blatant. if we Wrote a song like "Stand

  

’ Down Margaret" ’or something. or tried to bring out a

record called "Stand Down Ronald” it wouldn't get on the
radio anywhere and there’d be no point in doing it.

ASP.- Do you see a song like "Tenderness" as distraction
without compromise?

Wakellng: No. not at all: it’s subversive. i don't know
whether itis, but i have a feeling that it may be the first song
about "herpes phobia" in the American Top-30. Very few
people spotted it. but that's what the song's about. “One
night you're here/One night you’re not/It leaves me sear-
ching for a little tenderness." it has to do with any boy's

' or iiist‘piit'o'n’
~ Wakétlngé—Nd.

 

 

 

Aspects 33

 

rock and pebbles

  Herpes—phobia breaks Top—4O

disease phobia. But__hc also starts going on into the mental '

risks of p‘romiscuity. rather than just thephysical risks: the
sort of damning feeling that what your Mom told you when
you was fourteen could actually be right and the best thing
to do is to find the gal of your dreams and settle down.
Which is‘a bit disappointing, .really. That's what the song
tried to'deal with. The verses deal with social alienation
found in a young man. Of course. it's not about me. I’m not

Isinging from experience. ' .
‘ ASP: On'e at. the ,inenibers of RE. M. once described videos

as "image thscis'in". Your lyrics are much more straight for-

ward than the dreamy stuff in R.E.M. What are you trying

to do in your videosiAre you trying to reinforce your lyrics
._ . Show]. r, _,r ..   .

_ “flisiiilly. We did a "Tenderness" video in

Englandgvhére‘we told the story of the song. To make it

   

 

"inure real w'e’set it in ’a Holiday- Inn. 1 think the group was

on tour: and l'in on the phone to my wife and my baby and
l'm seduced by a woman of the night, actually she was a
woman musclc~builder. I wanted it to seem fairly bi-sexual.
She had really masculine-looking arms. l'm seduced by her.
and then l‘m very unhappy. and l'm left holding
photographs of the baby thinking ’Oh, my God. How come
me head feels one thing and below me belt does the other‘t'
And we brought“ over to the record company very proud
of it, and they said "You can't use this! You must be fucking
mad. We can't use this." So. we argued and argued for a
long while, but in the end we justgave up and said. "Well.
alright. You just make your video then." And they made a
very pretty video of me and Roger, which actually is a coin-
mercial tool to sell the record. it worked much, much better
than if we'd used the English video, which didn't look at all
glamorous. didn’t show inc and Roger off at all in a good
light; but was much, much more realistic. And the people
who don't buy records were very impressed by it. But, the
trouble is, t know what (R.E.M.) are going on about. but
really. if you‘re going to look for integrity. then what the

 

 

 

 

 

fuck are you doing in a pop group working for a major
record company? You know, because for anybody’s record
to get on the radio, every record you hear on the radio,
somebody's got a bribe and that's why you're hearing it. i
mean, that's just the way the world goes ’round. it's no dif-
ferent from selling sportswear, or being a travel agent and
selling holidays, you know. it won't get anywhere unless
everywhere along the line somebody gets to fill their
pockets. So, yes, it is image fascism in most of the videos. i
think; or certainly in America, because I think there's far too
much sexism. (Videos) are, l‘think, quite often very, very of-
fensive. But, i think. at the same time, you have to accept

[that although you might fail yourself as an artist, the nature

of the art/you‘ve chosen, turns you into a commercial artist.
Because if you don't sell records. nobody's going to give
you the money to make the next one. So, you're a commer-
cial artist, and every commercial art is to some extent a
bastard art, the finances are always weighed off against the
artistic. You try and struggle through and get as much of
what you want as you can, and really. that's all you can do.
All that l know is that all the kids who come to our show
that talk about R.E.M. say, "i wish we could see more videos
of theirs!" You know. I don't know which is the fascism.
They want to see a video. i don't think you have any right
to dictate to people what they should or shouldn't get, But
that's just another side of the compromises of being a com-
mercial artist. i like it very much, by the way. Although I
ihoose to disagree at this particular moment. R.E.M. seems
to be one of the most redeeming factors in Amerit an music
in the last few years. And mainly because of their stance on
integrity.

ASP: It seems that all the strong reggae elements, toasting
and ,stlcli. were confined to one side at All the Rage. Was
that .i marketing decision?

Wakeling: No. not at all, Roger wants to be accepted as a
multi-instrumentalist and as a singer, and he was very ivor-
i'ied in the Beat that he was being stereotyped into being a
front-man and a toaster. and he wanted to appear to be
much more than that. So, i had to beg him to do any
toasting at all on the Lt". it was really more to do with
Roger's growing tip into being a fully fledged musician.
ASP: What's the schedule for new releases Ii'iiin General
Public?

Wakeling: The new LP comes out in January. We start
recording in July. We've got five new songs, which were in
the set, We give them two months live training. and then
we go back into the studio to record them in July. Then we
start with another four songs in September.

ASP: Will we hear any of the new songs iii Albany?
Wakeling: Oh. yes. You'll hear four of them, but I don't
know which four.

Lennon: big name, small talent

ter off for it.

pearances, Julian Lennon played
Albany's Palace Theatre last Sunday
evening. With only one album behind him.
Julian has embarked on a fairly expansive
tour of North America which will include
concerts in Philadelphia. Boston. Toronto.

I n one of his few New York ap-

' Chicago, and Los Angeles.

 

Corey Levitan

The type of audience in attendance at
the Palace on April 14th was indicative of
the fact that this newcomer has yet to
establish a distinctive sound for himself.
People of all ages were present, and a con-
siderable portion of the crowd was either
over thirty or under fifteen. The older fans
apparently came for Beatle-related reasons,
while it seemed that the kids showed up to
see the guy who sings "Too Late For Good-
byes." There was screaming and cheering
wheneverliilian lifted a finger, but honest-
ly. the show was nothing special...

Julian’s set. which lasted a mere hour and
a quarter. included all his songs from
Valotte and a new one. "Big Momma". the
B-side of a future single. Opening with
Valotte’s lesser-known “Well I, Don't
Know.“ "OK For You." "On The Phone,"
and "Lonely." Julian lost much of the
crowd's attention early on. The show suf.
ferbd for this even after Julian regained
momentum with his more familiar "Too
Late For Gomlbyes.” “Valotte,” and the
new single, “Say You’re Wrong." ,

Part of the reason Julian failed to main-
taln a high level of energy throughout the
show is his stage presence. or lack thereof.

 

 

Watching Julian perform is akin to wat-
ching a mime interpretation of an album.
He over-acts out every minute line in
almost every song with exaggerated body
language and strained attempts at emotion
with his face. This seems especially silly in
light of the fact that most of Julian's lyrics
are excessively superficial. If you've seen
Julian do one song. you've seen him do
every song. and if you've seen him do
every song, his hamming becomes a ge-
nirine annoyance. At least he seemed to be
having a good time.

Musically. the band was' very light.
They added a lot of punch to the Valotte
songs. most of which were extended. Still.
the songs strayed little from their album
versions. Especially superb weresax player
Frank Elmo and Jainacian-born guitarist
Carlton Morales. Morales, a real character.
enjoyed a rapport with the audience so.
cond in scope only to Julian's. and his solos
stole the show from Lennon's other
guitarist, school chum Justin Clayton.

Jillian approached an instument only
briefly during'his mime show. He played
piano on “Valotte” and "Let Me Be." The
young Lennon's vocals were strong, biit
frequently be cut in half the duration of his
lengthier cadences and he seemed to be
avoiding every high note possible.

The only time the Palace real/y rocked
was during Julian's encore. He performed a
brilliant and largely modifch version of
the Beatles' "Day Tripper" and rousing vcr-‘
stuns of Ben E. King's "Stand By Me" and
Little Richard's "Slippin' and Slidin‘," both
of which were covered by Julian's dad on

his‘Rock ‘n Roll album; For those familiar.

 

with the John Lennon covers. and it seein-
ed a large portion of the audience was, to
hear them performed again so energetical-
ly and by practically the same voice. made
this the high point of the concert. Actually.
this is a huge problem for Julian, whose
young career is confronted by an obstacle
that could easily break it.

If Jillian fails to establish himself outside
of being John Lennon's sun. then he is
doomed. He will be known only for what
he is, and after a while. people will tire of
the novelty. "l'don't want to be a clone of
any sort of image." he has said. but a tour
this early in Julian's career is not the way

_ around this obstacle.

Julian Lennon. has only released one
album. in concert, he performs every song
from this album. Given the de'arth of Julian
material. this is understandable. However.
every concertgoer familiar with Valotte
knows beforehand exactly what Jirlian will
sing. The question isn't "What song will he
do next't", but rather "Which Valotte song
will he do next?” More importantly, some
of Valotte’s songs are Just not very good,
So. when Julian launched into unexpected
renditions of some of his father‘s best stan-
dards, they were of course the show's most
memorable-inoments. The clone image can
only be reinforced by this.

"We were going to leave it'tthe tour) unv
til we had more material," Jillian said
recently, "but there was just so much of a
demand..." Perhaps Julian should have
realized that the demand to which he's
referring ls still firmly rooted in the novel-
ty of what he is. Julian could have held out
in spite of this demand and been much bet-

non is not ri e et.

 

 

Although l'm confident that his now-
richer promotional company had no
qualms about the .tour. it was not a wise
career decision for Jules to hit the road
before developing enough good material
to reverse the popular prejudices. Hopeful-
ly, Julian's career will survive and thrive.
biit for now all t can say is that his Palace
show was very mediocre and Julian Len-

   

 

I
l

\

 

