 

 

 

SportsFriday ‘

 
 

 

 

 

The Albany State spikers

are. still 19-3 _after '
dropping two garnes
See page'l4 I 4

 

 

OCTOBER 18, I985

 

 

P°$t'5935°n Play in jeopardy, for SUNYA team's 

By Dean Chang
MANAGING comm

A missed deadline might be the only
thing that can keep the Albany State foot-
ball team out of the national rankings and

out of the NCAA Division III playoffs this ,

year.

According to NCAA rules.
form to NCAA headquarters in Mission.
Kansas by September IS. Albany's form
arrived two days late. putting the post-
season hopes of the football team and any
other fall sports team in jeopardy. '

Janice Winger of the NCAA said that as
of now, all Albany State fall sports teams
are ineligible for championship play. She
added that no Albany team would be in-
cluded in any official NCAA rating polls
until the matter was resolved.

Dr. William Moore. Albany State's
Athletic Director. expressed confidence
that the situation would be rectiﬁed soon.

“There are a number of schools each.

year that are late." said Moore. “We've
never been late before. It’s too bad we got
caught on a technicality."

Moore said he was astounded that the
NCAA didn’t receive the form on time
because it was sent out September II. The
missed deadline is treated as a matter of
non-compliance to NCAA rules. said
Moore.

Danes on winning streak as they face COrtland‘

By D‘ean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

The Albany State Great Danes are feel-
ing sky-high. Four victories in a row. in-
cluding wins over Division II teams Spr—
ingfield College and last week's surprise
victitn Southern Connecticut. can do that
to a team.

But there‘s no looking past Cortland
State, a team that’s also feeling pretty
good about themselves. The Red Dragons
have won their~last three games to boost
their record to 3-2. One of those wins was
over Wagner College. the l2th ranked
Division III schools in the nation.

Then again. Wagner's Athletic Director
Walter Hamline is one of four members on
the Eastern region of the NCAA Football
Committee. which chooses the top-20
teams. Albany Head Coach Bob Ford
downplayed the rankings.

“Imagine how ‘hard it is to rate Pitt and
Stanford," said Ford. “With no intersec-
tional games. how do you rate Bishop Col‘
lege in Texas with Union College? Unfor-

lunaterl the only thing to go on is the

By David Blette
STAFF WRITER

The Albany State men's cross-country
lcam capped its dual-meet season last
weekend by defeating Binghamton and
Oneonta to give them a 12-4 record.

The harricrs traveled down to
Binghamton Saturday. Oct. 12th, where
they faced the two teams. Taking the
top five places in the race. Albany over-
came Ilinghumton i548 and shut out
Oneonta 1560.

Tomorrow the harriers will be in
Iirockport for the SUNYAC meet.

For the second consecutive week the
harriers faced difficult course condi-
tions. Although the physical conditions
were good on the hilly course. the last
mile was obstructed by visitors from

 

V SUNY Binghamton‘s gents weekend.

each
member school must submit a compliance .'

 

NCAA National

Top 20 Rankings

 

 

 

DIVISION III POLL
Record
1. Augustana 5-00
2. Central Iowa 5-0-0 .

'3. Carnegie-Mellon 6-00
~ 4. Ithaca 4-0-0
_5. Union ‘ 5-00
6. Lycomlng. Pa. 500
‘6. Mount Union, Ohlo 5-00
7. Wis-River Falls 4-0-1.
9. Denlson. Ohio . 5-0-0
9. Gettysburg, Pa. 5-0-0
11. Occidental. Calif. 4.1-0
12. Wagner 4-1-0
13. Mllllkin. lll.’ g 5-0-0
13. Wash. and Jefferson 500
15. Wis-Stevens Pt. '4-1-1
.16. Kings PoInt 4-10
17. Musklngum 5-0-0
18. Dayton 5-110
19. Cornell, Iowa 6-00
20. Concordia. Minn. 4-2-0
20. DePauw. Ind. . 5-1-0
20. Mercyhu rst. Pa. 5-0-0

 

 

 

Moore sent an appeal to the NCAA.
hoping the Executive Council would act on
it during Thu rsday's conference meeting in
New Orleans. But an NCAA spokesperson
said the appeal was not handled yesterday.
and that it would be addressed on October
24 during an NCAA administration con-

record.

“Then you have to ask, ‘How does
Union's 5~0 compare with lthaca's 5-07'.
added Ford. “They wouldn’t be 5-0 with
lthaca‘s schedule.”

Although Ford didn't say it, Union
might not be undefeated if they had to play
Albany. The Danes haven‘t let up more
than 16 points to any opponent this year.
while averaging more than 30 points a
game offensively. This is a football team
to be reckoned with. something Cortland
Head Coach Larry Czarnecki realizes.

“Albany executes to the ‘T',” said
Czarnecki. “They don't make mistakes to
hurt themselves. On offense, they're very
machine-like. Defensively. they’re sound;
they’re not going to give anything up very
easily."

But Czarneeki thinks his team can han-
dle the Danes.

“We feel good enough about our of-
fense to take whatever Albany gives us."
said Czarnecki. “If they play us tight on
the line. we can throw the ball. If they
drop back. we can run it. Our strength is

Albany harriers travel to SUNYACs

However. this human baricade
couldn't keep Albany's front men.
Craig Parlato and Tim Hoff from
finishing first and second coming in at
22:09.

Following them was “Runner of the
Meet" Pat Paul, placing third with..a
time of 27:22. This was the second year
in a row that PJ. Paul received this
same honor at
Oneonta meet.

Taking fourth place was senior Chuck
Bronner with a time of 27:30. Three
seconds behind him was senior co-
captain Ian Clements.

In his ﬁrst race in three weeks.
Clements surprised everyone including
himself. by taking fifth place. Clements.
last year's steady number two man.1h‘as

b

the Binghamtom~ '

ference call.

If the NCAA rules favorably on
Albany's appeal. the Danes will probably
be ranked the following week, providing
they continue their winning ways..

In the NCAA’s first-week rankings of
Division III teams. which was released

our diversityrwe do many different things.
If we execute. we can play with anyone."

Last week the Red Dragons beat
everybody's favorite opponent. the
Brockport Golden Eagles, 4I-6.
Sophomore fullback Dave Pitcher ran for
four touchdowns. all on short-yardage
situations. Despite his scoring prowess,
Pitcher will not make anyone forget about

Dave Cook. Cortland's standout running.

back who graduated last year.

“Dave Cook had an ‘S’ on his chest_."
said Ford. “He was a great. great athlete."

Cook missed last year's game against the
Danes. a game Albany won 28-0. But the
team that played the Danes last year is not
the same team that beat Wagner 28-23 this
year.

“We were very disappointed with our
showing last year," said Czarnecki. “Our
offense was inept. and our secondary
didn't play well. We've developed other
things to do offensively this year.

“This has always been a big rivalry to

 

Runnl

 

 

 

earlier this week. Ithaca College. the only
team to beat the~4~l Danes. was ranked
fourth in the nation. 'Union college was
ranked ﬁfth while Wagner College; an up-
coming opponent on Albanyfs schedule.
was ranked 12th.

Richard Sakala. Union’s Athletic Direc- '

tor. is one of four members on the-NCAA
Eastern Region advisory committee :that
helps choose the teams that makezup the
Top-20. In last week’s ratings. Albmy

State was ranked as one. of the ‘topti‘ld

teams in the region, said Sakala.

Albany's failure to appear in the  '

will not have an effect at the end of the
season. when playoff teams are chosen.
said Sakala. I?

“If a team doesn't appear. now. :it -‘

doesn’t mean they're eliminated. from-
post-season play.” said Sakala. “The final
selection isn’t until November 17.”

Head Coach Bob Ford admitted 

players might be caught up in all the talk
about national rankings. .
“It’s hard not to be involved In the
polls." said Ford. “If you're competing in
anything. you want to know, ‘how‘d we
do?' '1
a “The whole question comes down tog"
added Ford. ‘.‘that we got the form in' late.

If the NCAA says'no (to the appeal), that ’

wouldbctru ." El

us."' said. Czarnecki. .-.“lg:don’t know how

Albany looks at it. but it's important to us .

that we do Well against SUNY schools.”

Cortland obvioust isn't Southern Con-
necticut to' Albany; the 'Red Dragons
aren’t even Norwich. Hofstra or Wagner
to tlfe Danes. three upcoming opponents
on tIie'Albany schedule. But'they aren't
RPl or‘Brockport either. and they do pose
a threat to the Danes.

“One of the problems when you’re win-

ning is that a certain degree of complacen- ' '

cy sets in." said Ford. "That’s always ‘a
problem.. especially after that Southern
win. If Cortland was I-4. I'd be concern-
ed. But they’re on a three-game winning
streak and they beat Wagner. so we came
back down to earth on Monday. .

“We realize we're a playoff contender."
added Ford. “Our destiny is in our own
hands. If we go 9-1. I don't think they can
take the playoffs out of our hands. We
know that if we lose. we stay at home

14>

  

vouuw

. 1'
book Ken Gallo breaks a tackle nine 3 .
game w nnlng streak and lace Cortland hemorrhwrwmn Th. om“ ". on . bur

 

 

 

 

  

with a c
business

manageri

  

E-yacuum?’



 
 
    
 
 

 

 
 
  
  
 
 
 

lion . 3' .

The major decisions a college student faces are what to learn and
what jobs to go after. The most popular major at SUNYA is
business, with English as its runner up. Many students from all majors
will graduate and be employed in a business of some sort. The question
is, should they major in business? >
The answer is controversial. On one side are those who strongly pro
mote a liberal arts education. Clearly, verbal skills are essential in any
profession, as is a well-rounded education. A prospective employee

would be a great asset-to a company as a business liaison with‘China.
~Many advocates of liberal arts insist that business skills are learned on
the job,  not at the Univeristy. Chinese is not learned in the office.

On the other hand, someone applying for a business position who
already has mastered accounting skills, marketing techniques, and

businesses work, certainly has an advantage over the prospective

:‘employee who can cite Paradise Lost and ask, "Do you want to buy a

I  to know justuvvhatv ’the most’ is. Aspects asked business per-
sonnel,hiring agencies, university officials, and students the same ques-

  
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
  
    
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
    
  
     
  
    
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 

 

   
  

 
 
 
   

3.
I)?

      
     
     
       
     
     
   
 

oncentration in the. humanities may have an edge over the
student. For example, someone who speaks Chinese fluently

 
   
   
     
     
   
     
     
   
 

al theory, and who has a true understanding of the way

 
     
    
   
 
 
  

' in Chinese. ~
ts want to make the most out of their college educations.

 

See Centerfold .

 
 

  

 

