  

 

By Mike MacAdam
EDITORIAL ASSITANT
Question: Who stands between the
Danes and the NCAA playoffs?
Answer (multiple choice):
B. Buffalo
C. Wagner
D. All of the above
E. 13 and C.
So reads a sign posted in the Albany
State lockerroom after choice A., Hofstra,
was scribbled off the page and off the field

in the Danes’ 35-27 victory at University .

Field on Saturday.

The victory leaves the Danes, now 6-2. I

with two hurdles, Buffalo and Wagner, to
overcome if they are to have a shot at an
NCAA playoff bid.

in a mistake-ridden game, Albany con- -

tinually opened the door for Hofstra to tie
the score, before apparently closing it
again.

Quarterback Mike Milano’s one-yard
touchdown run 39 seconds into the fourth
quarter produced the game-winning
points. but the game was far from over at
that point. Even fullback Dave Soldini‘s
51-yard touchdown scamper four minutes
later couldn‘t settle the issue. The Dane of-
fense. headed by Jeff Russell in place ofan
injured Milano, continually gave the ball
back to Hofstra in the fourth quarter.
before Albany's defense would take it
right back.

Dane safety Wayne Anderson personal-
ly repaid Hofstra for last year‘s 35-32
defeat, in which he was beaten for a
touchdown pass in the final two minutes.
by tipping one pass to teammate Gerry
Brown and intercepting two others himself
in the fourth quarter. Anderson's first in-
terception. with 5:03 left to play, came on
fourth down from the Albany three-yard
line after Hofstra quarterback Alan Squeri
had previously thrown three incomplete
passes from the three. Squeri was looking
for split end James Moore. who got the
best of Anderson for last year’s game-
winner.

SportsWednesday

NOVEMBER 6. I985

Albany settlesHotStra debt , 35-27

  

UPS

The swarming Albany State defense' registeredelght sacks of Hotetre’e quarterback

Alan Squeri in the Danes' 35-21 vie ory

“it was the exact same thing as last
year,” said a vindicated Anderson. “I
knew that ball was coming at me. i knew
they were going to do it because he
(Moore) is their best receiver."

The defense started out on the wrong
foot by allowing a touchdown in Hofstra’s
opening possession. a 34-yard drive punc-
tuated by Squeri’s three-yard pass to
flanker Lou Palermo.

Albany's offense responded with a
l9-play, 72-yard scoring drive of their own
that perfectly illustrated the kind of ball
control a wishbone offense dictates.
Soldini accounted for 30 yards on seven
carries in the drive, but the touchdown was
scored when Milano faked a handoff to
Soldini from two yards out and found a
wide open Scott Reagan in the end zone.
Reagan missed the extra point to leave
Hofstra with a 7-6 lead.

Milano's fumble on the first play of
Albany‘s next possession set up the Dut-
chmen’s second tonchdown, but Ro Mit-
chell’s 52-yard return on the ensuing
kickoff put Albany on the Hofstra 44.

Nine plays later. Milano hit Chris Haynor

for an 11-yard touchdown. and the two-

point conversion tied the game at 14.
Albany added a 25-yard Reagan field

. xr mac's...”

 

NCAA Division In

playoff contenders
Telu- . W L 1‘
Union 3 0 0
lthaca 7 1 0
Wagner 7 l 0
Kings Point 7 l 0
W. Connecticut 7 l 0
'Montclair St. 7 l 0
Plymouth St. 7 2 0
AlbanySt. 7 2 0
Remaining opponents

' Union
Hamilton (7-1)

Ithaca
Cortland St. (4-4)

agncr

Ramapo (0-7)
Albany St. (7-2)

- Kings Palm
lona (1-7)
1thaca (7-1)

W. Connecticut

Hofstra (4-4)

Montclair St.
Jersey City College
Oiassboro

Plymouth St.
Curry College

Albany St.

Buffalo (4-4)

 

goal and an eight-yard l' U  pass
from Milano to Glenn Carlin before
halftime, but a Soldini fumble with 22
seconds left set up a 45-yard field goal by
Hostra’s Phil Kuzniar, to keep the Dut-
chmen close. 23-17 at the half.

Kuzniar made it even closer with a
42-yarder with 4:24 left in the third
quarter. but the Dane wishbone churned
out another long touchdown drive. this
time covering 73 yards on 11 plays, with
Milano sweeping untouched from a yard
out for the score. Reagan’s third missed
extra point of the day left the score at
29-20.

When the Danes got the ball back with
11:53 to play. they appeared to be in con-
trol. But appearances tend to deceive.

Russell. playing for Milano, who was
experiencing numbness in his throwing
hand. was picked off by safety James

‘21»

Munsey passes 200th win plateau

By Lisa Jackel
STAFF WRITER

R. Keith Munsey is a legendary
character around the Albany State cam-
pus. After coaching cross country at
Albany for the past 28 years. he recorded
his 200th career win this fall.

His cowboy hat. full beard, and gruff
voice resemble that of a stereotypical
westerner. On the inside. he is full of en-
thusiasm for the learns he has coached and
the classes he teaches. His comical per-
sonality is evident in whatever he does.

Prior to coming to SUNYA. Munsey
coached high school basketball, football.
and baseball. He also coached ti few in-
dividual runners as tennis had not yet been
formed.

Munsey has been at SUNYA for the past
28 years, For his first six years. he was in
charge of housing. both student and off
campus residence. Besides coaching men's
cross country for 24 years. he has coached
men‘s spring track for 19 years and men's
indoor track for [5 years.

Because SUNYA did not originally field
a track team. cross country was the prac-
tical foundation of running sports. All
clubs being initiated on campus needed a
faculty sponsor, so at the request of Tom
Robinson, who organized everything,
Munsey became the team’s sponsor.

Munsey’s favorite team sport is
baseball. “1 love it, it's the most technical

game today — there's so much geometry
and physics involved." said Munsey.
Before Albany had track he coached
freshman baseball for two seasons.
Munsey enjoys coaching cross country
over track because cross country was the
founding running sport here at SUNYA.
Also, he adds. “The biggest drawback of
spring track is the limited facilities with

will miss certain aspects of it.

“in track. you see the kids grow up,

before your eyes because they are there
with you on the track at all times, unlike
cross country when they disappear for
awhile until they come back from their run
or race,” said Munsey.

Munsey has sent approximately a dozen
teams to nationals. and also three in-

“Everybody wanted to be a part of this win.
Some runners ran in the race even if it was
their third meet that wee .”

cold weather. it will help immensely once
the field house is built.“

The 70’s were the strongest years for
both cross country and track. The track
team won thirty meets in a row. dropped
one by a point. and came back to win 30
more in a row. These were the golden years
for cross country. For 6.7 years the men's
cross country team was untouchable.

Munsey has officially retired from
coaching track. but will be around for a
while longer as the men's cross country
coach.

“l’d like to hang around for a while to
see what the freshmen and sophomores
can do." said Munsey.

He doesn't regret giving up truck. but he

— Kevin Mietlicki

dividuals. He's had four All-Americans in
five events in track and'two All-Americans
in cross country.

Out of 15 years in SUNYACs. Munsey
has won five .

The biggest win for Munsey and his
cross country team, however. is his 200th
win. against Hartwick 20-37 and St. Rose
15-50 on September 25. it was also his
400th career win, including his 200 wins in
track.

“We all wanted it and it was a lot of
fun." said Munsey.

"Everybody wanted to be a part of this
win. some runners run in the race even if it
was their third meet that week." said

22>

An tin—depth look at
Dane playoffhopes

For the Albany State Great Danes ,to
receive their first playoff, berth since
1977 and second. in the school’s history.
they will have to win their next two
games. But even an 8-2 record-might not
be enough.

Four teams from the East will be in-
vited by a national selection committee
to play in the NCAA Division 111 na-

‘tional championship tournament. The
Danes are one of 'eight teams which are
presently in contention .for a spot in the
playoffs.

Union, the only undefeated team with
an 8-0 record and one game. remaining
against Hamilton, has an excellent
chance even if they lose that game.
“They’re a shoe-in," said Albany Head
Coach Bob Ford. “They’ve been in it
the last two years."

Two of the other bids will most likely
go to Ithaca and Montclair State. both
with 7-1 records. Even if lthaca loses
one of its two remaining games. their
season-opening win against Albany en-

'sures them a bid ahead of the Danes.
With two games left. Montclair faces
Jersey City and Glassboro. and an upset
is highly improbable.

That leaves one playoff bid for the
Danes to shoot for. The other teams still
in contention for the spot are Kings
Point, Western Connecticut and
Wagner. all at 7-1, and'Plymouth State
at 6-2.

Kings Point still has to play Iona and
lthaca. The Danes are hoping the lthaca
game will result in a second loss for
Kings Point, eliminating them from the
picture. Western Connecticut will disap-
pear from the playoff scene if they lose
their upcoming game against Hofstra.

“We have to root for lthaca to beat
King’s Point." said Ford. “We hope
Hofstrn will beat Western Connecticut
to give them two losses, and Plymouth
State already has two losses and we have
a little better chance than them."

it may seem like the Danes' playoff
hopes are hanging on a thread. but the
situation isn't as perilous as it seems.

"One thing that's helping us is that
our last game is against Wagner. a team
ranked in the top ten nationally," said
Ford.“A win over Wagner is fairly
impressive."

—- ' S

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

p6

ti

016

Wednesday, November 6, ' 1985

Ida.) 1 I“: alum “.mﬁrrrvi‘nzy up}; 9.1 .MM’J .'.‘ .‘ .-_“
. . ’.

 

. Flutist .7 Shock

hen 25-year-old - flutist Gary

Shooker was two, he listened to his

father playing a piece on the guitar,
toddled over to the piano, and began to
play the same piece in the right key.
Within a few years, he was performing
piano concerts and composing'and, at age
10, began to concentrate his musical talents
on the ﬂute. .

Loren Ginsberg 'g. '

"i felt different from the other kids," ad-
mits Shocker. "l was different. But it’s a lit-
tle bit more complicated than the classic
story. When you start to give concerts at

 

 

the age of three or four, and people tell 0

you how wonderful you are, you start to
develop a certain sense of yourself when
you’re very young. 1 did feel set apart."
Shocker began to study the ﬂute private-
ly under Julius Baker when he was 14. "He
really believed in me," says Shocker. "He
gave me a tremendous amount of support.
My ﬂute playing technically took off."
While studying under Baker, he was
awarded the Severenson, Yamaha, and
Muramatsu flutegprizes‘, he performed in a

Young People’s:..Concert. with. the .New ..

York Philharmonic, and he won the
Philadelphia Orchestra‘s young. Artists
Competition.

"it was always very easy for me," claims,

Shocker. "When i was younger, 1 often .

resented having to practice, but at that time

i never practiced more than two or three;

:1

hours a day.
‘ He adds, “1 still went to regular old high
school. The kids in my health class used to
knock on their desks and ask me what note
it was. They thought it was very funny."

Shocker continued his musical studies at
the Julliard School, where he won the
Helena Rubenstein and Naumberg scholar-
ship prizes\and became involved in com-
posing, arranging, and directing music for

Transfer stops at th V Place

was sitting in a palace filled with
history, waiting for the show to start.

April S. Anastasi

l really,was in a palace. and was sitting
right in the center. i was there to see, not a
king or queen, but Tim Hanser, Cheryl
Benlyne, , Janis Siegel, and Alan Paul.
They’ve got four of the best voices in the
business, and collectively they are the
Manhattan. Transfer. it was the Palace
Theatre — not in the middle ages, but last
Saturday, October 2.

I t was 8 pm on a Saturday night, and l

 

i had accepted this assignment with a lit-
tle trepidation, despite my limited
knowledge of the Fab foursome. Sure, I
had seen them on the Tonight Show. And
l‘d rocked to their pop hits, "The Boy From
New York City," and "Twilight Zone.”
However, i was in no way prepared for the
show i was about to see.

As we sat in the Palace, we began to
realize that the audience was predominant-
ly made up of a 30 and over crowd.
Nonetheless/J had prepared myself for
this, fully aware that the MT didn’t exactly
have the youthful appeal (or publicity) of,
say, Bryan Adams or Phil Collins. I

Around 8:15, the house lights went
down, the musicians came out onto the
darkened stage, and a single spot quickly

-_'°"5‘5‘i_.'.'}€«.!€"§tlt Pf the. “Fit:  the _ .

 

theatre. His most recent work was for the
off-Broadway production of Looking for
-l.ove.
"Right now l’m in a program for com-
posers called BMl," says Shocker. "it’s a
- workshop for musical theatre. i love it."
At this point in his career, Shocker is
comfortable with performance and finds
composing to be a rewarding application of
his talents. He expresses, “Composition is

 

 

becoming more and more important to me.

only sound in the theatre was the an-
ticipating murmur of the audience.

Suddenly, the quartet appeared, in for-
mal attire, and the show began. We were
wowed by the unique sound of the songs
that they performed from their tenth, and
latest, album Vocalese.

Vocalese itself is a type of jazz singing
and songwriting where an instrumental is
taken and lyrics are written in such a man-
ner that there is a word for each note. The
speed at which some of the phrases are
sung to get all the words in is astonishing.

After we were duly impressed, the MT
decided it was time to rock the Palace, and
rock it they did! Between songs, they left
the stage and then returned after undergo-
ing a drastic costume change -- from their
1940’s nightclub attire of tuxes, cocktail
gowns, and dressy suits, to 50's style street
clothes.

We were then treated to the saga of
"Killer Joe,” a wonderfully enjoyable, fun-
ny, and theatrical performance. A few
songs later, we were treated to what i con-
sidered (and still do) one of the show's best
numbers, "Gloria." Sung a cappella, it was
virtually impossible to catch a note which
was incorrect or out of place. it was truly
amazing.

When we were overjoyed and over-
whelmed by the energy and enthusiasm
flowing from the stage to the audience.

that mastic minutr intimidation-.51th . . ..

it gets me thinking. You can play a piece
because it’s beautiful, but after a while it
starts to dry up on you. i feel a sense of ex-
pansion when i write my own music."

Performing and practicing are still cen-
tral to Shocker's daily routine. "Now, i
spend most of the day practicing, primarily
flute and some piano. On the flute, i don't
have technical problems — Well, they’re
never insurmountable problems," he

face l looked at held nothing less than a
smile, and in the air around me i caught ad-
ieciiVCs like, "invigorating," "great," and,
"sensational."

The air of anticipation was dissolved,
and our hopes were fulfilled when the
Manhattan Transfer returned from the in-
termission with a spirited, enthusiastic ren-
dition of their hit, "Blrdland."

They went on to do a number of songs
which highlighted not only their in-
dividuality and versatility, but also their
band. The most impressive member was,
by far, Yarort Genhovslty, a gifted
keyboard player, as Well as their musical

 

conductor unlarrangcr. . ,

or to electrify PAC

asserts.

“i don't believe in practicing technique. i
think music improves when you develop
an understanding of it. Always. the solu-
tion is structural. i need some kind of han-
dle to get over the humps.”

According to Shocker, "A musical pro-
blem is like a personal problem. When you
step back, you see the larger pattern. You
can get a little bit objective about it, and
you can correct it.”

Shocker was recently chosen through in-
ternational auditions by Young Concert
Artists, lnc, a talent agency which pro-
motes young. promising musicians
throughout the northeast. It was from a
Young Concert Artists' brochure that
SUNYA's student-run Music Council
selected Gary Shocker to perform in the
Recital Hall this evening. Stacey Kern.
secretary of Music Council. reports that
Shocker will be the first performer in a
series of concerts by young musicians.

“We want to have a Young Concert Ar-
tist every semester for ever and ever,"
Kern declares. They chose Shocker A
because, according to Kern, “He's just
phenomenal."

Shocker’s program will consist of flute
sonatas, and he will be accompanied by
pianist Dennis Helmrich. A piece by
Joseph Fennimore, based on a poem by
Turgcnev called "The Torrents of Spring,"
is one of Shocker‘s favorites. "It's a great
big piece," he says. “I’m looking forward to
playing it."

Despite his many prestigious awards and
his early musical success. Shocker is not
over-confident. "i hope i don't sound too
presumptuous," he worries. "i also hope
some people turn out for this concert."

The concert will begin at 8 pm. Tickets
are $5 for general admission, $4 for
students, and $3 with a SUNYA tax
sticker. For more information contact the
PAC box office at 442-3997. D

 

  

sir-v. ' i

They ended their show, or so they
thought, about 2% hours later. However,
two standing ovations and intense cheering
from the full-house crowd resulted in two
encores, “The Boy From New York City,"
and “Rockhouse.” They left the stage for
the third time, leaving the Palace rocking
on its foundations with their music and a
third standing ovation from their kingdom
of admirers.

The first of October marked the group‘s
thirteenth anniversary. After this concert
and the success of Vocalese, you can be

t sure that the Manhattan Transfer will be
around for many years to come. if you
have an opportunity. catch them in con-

. cert. They're stupendoul Cl

 

 

