 

.*
the Danes' l985 season opener at “Damn right l was upset about chestrated a time-co‘gl‘iming
lthaca last Saturday. The same the fakes." said Butterﬁeld. “We drive that ate away.7:'23‘;offrthe
cannot be said, however, about worked on it at practice and we fourth quarter clock. ﬁgs-drive
the team's spirit. should have been ready for it. started at the lthaca‘ 15, "dend-

ln a nip—and-tuck defensive They knew it was coming. but edon the AlbanySaslth ‘miss-
battle that mirrored last season's when the chips were down. we eda ﬁeld goal attempt be 'use of
game in many ways, the ithaca didn’t come through." ' a poor snap. 
Bombers. ranked numero uno in R0 Mitchell. who was the With 3:32 remaining. om-
Sports lllustrated’s pro-season leading rusher for Albany with 57 pleted sideline pass to JoltﬁriDon-
poll. topped the underrated, yards, ran three times to bring the nelly and a 15-yard scant'ﬁer by
underacclaimed and unranked ball to the nine. ﬁrst and goal. Mitchell created hope go: a
Danes, lS-lo. Dave Soldini. who tore rib car- miraculous ﬁnish. But with 55
But the Danes had golden tilage in a scrimmage versus seconds left and the bail mid-
chances to make a certain na- Wesleyan and was ‘70 percent ef- field. Milano was intercepted by
tional magazine look foolish. fective' according to Coach Bob cornerback Brian Dougherty.
Down by a touchdown and a two- Ford. was stopped cold on two ‘ “They were in the game. or 59
point conversion in the opening straight runs. . minutes," said Butterfi ,4“!
minutes of the final period, On third down. Caesar Revano sure’ don't ‘underrat‘e  l
Albany found itself nine yards wheeled left and threw an in- think they are a great teanit”
from the end zone courtesy of complete pass 10 Chris Haynm'in The Dane offense look. ‘ '
their safety Wayne Anderson, the end zone. “ltjustdidn't have > _, idol...
who twice turned punting situa- enough moxy on it," said Ford. * touchdown in the first qu rter.
lions into the Danes’ most consis- “That was a nice play," said I V .., which tied the score at 7.1.: The
tent offensive plays of the day. ‘Butterfield. “They complete that t ' ' noun ups Scoring drive COVel‘t-‘d 67 WES 0“
On a fourth-and-three from the pass and set the two points, and The "M68 defenders proved toucherthantho heavy bass- _ 11 plays and culminatedgigvhgn:
Albany 34, Anderson, an upman we are in trouble." made the kick, but it left the “There was plenty. plenty of Milano bulled his way in: ’- the
in the Danes’ punting formation, Next came a decision that Ford Danes five down with 10:50 to time. I guess as it turned out. end zone on fourth downikfrom
took the snap and rambled l0 will defend forever. even though play. The Danes failed to move there wasn’t." ‘ the one. «If...
yards for the first down. The there were some doubters. On any closer. Mitchell, a key to the drive. felt Middaugh scored what “ ned
Danes offense stalled again and fourth down from the nine, Ford “Nine yards is a hell of a Ford might have goofed. “Per- into the game-winner on 115?de
on fourth down, Anderson called sent out his field goal unit instead distance and the ﬁeld starts to sonally. i wanted to go for it." sprint with 4:09 left in thé." irst
" for another audible. This time ofgoing forapossible tie. Reagan shrink down there," said Ford. Mitchell said. “Some ofthe other 5
I V r .v
Danes look to rebound vs . HP! at Heritage Park
By Dean Chang but that's not the case," Ford added. “We have eight
MAN‘O'NO 59"“ more games and we need Soldini for them. Without him.
it took ll years for RN to recover from the we'd be in trouble."
humiliating defeats it suffered against the Albany State R0 Mitchell will move over to fullback, while Dane
Great Dane football team. Melvin and Caesar Revano will start at halfback for the
The teams signed a four year contract to play each Danes. Both Albany tightends. Scott Reagan and Scott
other in l973. Two years of lopsided contests ended the Barker have sprained ankles. making their availability 3
series prematurely, as RF] sought to avoid any further question mark.
embarrassment. Another obstacle in the Danes path to victory is RP]
The team that will face the Danes at Heritage Park wide receiver Tom Woods. an All-American last year asa
Saturday night is not the team of a decade ago. Last year sophomore. Stopping Woods is a near-impossible task
the Engineers posted their ﬁrst winning record since 1980. for the Dane defense, especially without Anderson, who r
going 5-4-l under Head Coach Kevin Earl. was suspended for one week for disciplanary reasons. 5
“Their program has improved since the last time we “Wayne's probably the best athlete in our program," 
played them," said Albany Head Coach Bob Ford. said Ford. "But we have to build a football program, and E
“They have some pretty decent athletes. Their offensive not one based on individuals." 3
line is huge — they must average 240 pounds. They're a A key player returns to the Dane defense as defensive 7 ‘
big football team. and obviously an intelligent team.” end Dennis Murphy will make his season debut against :3
The Danes are coming off a tough loss to lthaca Col- RPI; Murphy sat out against lthaca with a concussion.
lege. the top ranked team in the state. Ford said the team Ford said that with Murphy. Albany would have beaten
> played well as a whole, but not well enough to beat lthacn.
"' lthucn. Albany starting quarterback Mike Milano was “a little
“On a scale from l-lO. offensively we were about a 6." rusty" ugainst lthaca. Ford said. "He wasn‘t where he
said Ford. “Defensivcly. maybe u 7 or 7.5. it wasn't was Inst year against Ithaca. He's gained some confidence  i  _A  at a  Of career
enough to beat an lthaeu. and it might not be enough to after that game, but he still has a ways to go to get where  n ' .
heat RFl." he wants to be." ‘ Optlons

‘. The outcome of the game might be determined by the For the Engineers to get where they want to be, they'll '

' absence of two key Albany players. fullback Duve Soldini have to beat teams like Albany. RPl lost their first ame - ‘ ' , .
and safety Wayne Anderson. to Cousl Guard 22-9; Albany will not be any easier? A Prevlew Of' the Ramones "A thought PrOVOkﬂlg murder

Soldini tore rib cartilage in a preseason scrimmage “We have a great deal of respect for Albany and their concert ‘
against Wesleyan and was playing at 70 percent against program." said Earl. "We're going to have to take a few mystery
ilh‘l‘llcll, uccordifnghto Folrtil. I h id more chances against them to win, which means throwing '
t's one o I use tings you can p tly wit ." sa tte bull in critical situations. . . a I
a Ford. “The question is how much will it hinder his per- “We‘re not going to throw caution to the wind." add- —A reVleW 0f PYOfeSSOI' Longhair S
. formaiiee. We rested him this week; he wasn‘t even dress- ed Earl. “but we will take a f w- e c i ‘
"an we ed. He'llbe dressed Saturday. but we hope we don't have plays." 6 mm Chan as on my ROCk and   811d more 0 - o
11,. pm. wlll be pl: lay their tlret home game II io‘Plﬂy hlm- ' ' RPl failed to establish a running game against Coast « ~
10 3, 'That might sound like we're cocky going against RP]. 24b

  

By Marc Barman
lt'POR'I‘SEDITOR

For two straight seasons. the
Albany State football team came
out of its season-opener against
lthaca College without the ser-
vices of one of their key players.

in 1983, running back Dave
Soldini went down for the year
with a broken leg and quarter-
back Mike Milano suffered the
same fibula break in 1984. At last
check. all bones were intact after

 
 

Anderson passed to Kerry Carroll

32.

“i thought l’d catch them off-
guard on the second fake.” said
Anderson. “if it didn't work,
Coach Ford would have had my
head."

lthaca coach Jim Butterfield
was smiling in his ofﬁce after-
wards, but when the subject tum-
ed to the consecutive fake punts,
the grin quickly disappeared.

for the first down at the lthaca

 

Sports F rid y

SEPTEMBER 20, 1985

Ithaca h‘oldsoff Albany in opener.

 

amen-Tee ‘; :xt' Lew-set.“ “it

 

'vl'i‘i\,t|,t|

 

 

\Illkldltlb}.

the Great 'IDane‘ 2‘
on a hot streak. 

. 3 .‘.~ 5 ,t .y ,yn

     

    

any netmen‘

 

 

 

See page 27'  '

 

 

guys did too. But there Was still so
much time left."

Mike Middaughy the second-
string quarterback who started
for All-American candidate Steve
Kass, out with a bruised kidney.

.- ~ made sure the Danes didn't have
 enough time. Midda‘ugh’s arm
. jwas suspect, but he made up for it

with his feet, racking up 119 yards
on 19 carries. Middaugh helped

‘ secure one of the final nails in

Albany's coffin as he or-

    

 

 

   
  

 

 

    

 

 

nlaht blue. the late 1

 

 

Friday, September 20, 1985

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 

insider’s View

Aspects
- gives an

 

  
    

 

 

 

 

 

