 

MY TURN

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lament of the Puppies

By DANIEL SCHNUR

 

 

 

 

Dear Baby Boomers:

I‘ve been meaning to write you for quite
some time now because there is something
l've been wanting to get off my chest.

I atn writing on lielizilfofttiy generation, a
generation that's sick and tired of'f‘ollowing
you through life. Call its the post-Yuppies,
or. at the risk ol‘getting tangled in another
incdiacronym, the Puppies.

All our lives we have been forced to live
with the legacy of the baby-boom genera-
tion. We‘ve been crowded together. had

your buying habits, politicians are ﬁghting
to win your loyalty and the media cater to
your every whim. Hollywood has given you
"The Big Chill," which is just your way of
reminding the rest of us that you're better
than the old people (because you're young),
but better than the young people (because
you're grown-up). You‘re walking a tight-
rope, folks, and the only thing that keeps
you front falling is Madison Avenue. Once
you‘re a “target group," I suppose, you can
do whatever you want, and the rest of us

and Dad, had always been spoiled, and we
grew up taking your materialism for grant-
ed. And after we got used to it, we improved
on it. So now we've tried the money thing,
and we‘re bored by it. (Not bored enough to
give it up, thank you, but sufficiently used to
it to need another kind ofthrill.) There'sjust
nothing else for us, nothing we can rally
around and call our own.

The problem is that you, in your own
endless search to stay young, keep stealing
the grail out ofour hands as soon as we ﬁnd

it. You of all people should know, for

 

schools closed in our faces. budgets
slashed before our very eyes, simply
because there aren’t as many of us as
there are of'you. But now, worst of'all.
we‘re looking out to a job market so
bottom heavy with rising young over-
acltievcrs who are still on tile low side of
40 lltat our first promotiotts won't come
until all ol'you retire.

The good news is. you‘ll probably
retire early. The bad news is that when
we \vant to retire, there won't be any
room for us iii Florida or Arizona.

ot to sound overly antagonistic.
N but I have a theory about you

people: you're spoiled. There
are more of you than there are of us.
tltanks to the end til-World War ll. and,
because of that historical accident. all
your lives you‘ve gotten everything you
wanted—new schools. bigger houses,
ntorc opportunities. everything.

In the 1060s you effectively separat-
ed yourself from the older generation
by rebelling. You said, “Don‘t trust
anyone over 30," until you turned 30 your-
selves, and then raised the acceptable defi-
nition of youth every five years until you
realized how ridiculous it was getting. (Re-
member how dutnb you all looked doing
the hustle?)

'l'hen. when you couldn‘t be young and
cool anymore. you made money the in
, thing. in\cnted Yuppics and shut out the

 

5 younger generationjusl like you got rid of

‘ the WWII types 20 years earllcr. (l’crsoltal~
, I). I‘m convinced that the recent movement
‘ to raise the drinking age to 2| is a baby-
hooni plot to keep us kids ottt of bars until

i you tind somewhere better to hang out.)
So now, tnantllitcltlt‘ct's arc targctlng

example, that nothing is more boring
thanaparent,and when our parentslike
the same things we do, we have to find
something else. Because of you, noth-
ing—not music nor fashion nor booze
nor drugs nor sex—is enough ofa thrill
anymore. (Well, sex is still a thrill, but
you get my point.)

0 we‘re bored silly, and it's all
S your fault. The only thing that

interests as is ourselves, and if
you think your ﬂing with narcissism got
out of hand, then just take a look at
our self-absorption, because we‘ve im-
proved on that, too.

You see, ifyou guys are so busy trying
to stay young, there‘s nothing left for us
to be. And it follows that there is no
way, within logical extremes, for to
day‘s really young people to be different
from you. lfyour dad's into the Stones,
you can always go Madonna. But when
Mom‘s a Wannabee, then what? You
can dye your hair orange and pierce

 

ILLUSTRAYtDN EV PEYER at: SEVE

 

have no choice but to go along with it.

But we‘ve been watching you, we Puppies
have, attd we‘ve been learning front you.
Like most young people. we‘re very into
itnitation. Our parents are the older Yup-
pies, the ones hanging onto media accept-
ability by a thread in their late 40s. and
while you were out admiring each other,
we‘ve become even more narcissistic and
ntatcrialistic than you‘ve ever dreamed was
possible.

Foryourgeneration, being raised the ma-
terial way was all right. if for no other
reason than that your parents remembered
the other side ol‘lhe coin. But we grew up in
households where everybody. even Mom

your nose. Or you can give up.

You're having a good time, you baby
boomers are, with your platinum cards in
one hand and your Walkmans in the other.
But you‘re choking offthe generation right
behind you, and we could use some breath-
ing room. After 20 years of watching your
infatuation with your own media reflection,
we're ready to move on and grow up. But we
can‘t grow up until you move on. So how
about hurrying it up a little?

Sincerely,
The Next Generation

Daniel Sc/mur is a junior, majoring in
polilical science. (II American Univerxily in
Washing/on. D.C.

 

 

 

NliWSWliliK ()N ('AMl‘llS/NOVliMllliR l‘lllS

H I935 AIL! Commummttum

 

Choosing a

company is a '0'"!

distance
choosing

V 
2?»-

It’s beﬂerto i are

like before
V Living together with someone for the ﬁrst
time can be an “educational” experience.
I And living with along distance company
isn't any different. Because some companies
may not give you all the services you’re used to
getting from AT&'I‘.

For instance, with some companies you have
to spend a certain amount before you qualify for
their special volume discounts. With some
others, voice quality may vary.

But when you choose AT&’1‘, there won’t be
any surprises when you move in. You'll get the

you move in.

same high-quality, trouble-free service you’re
used to.

With calls that sound as close as next door.
Guaranteed 60% and 40% discounts off our Day
Rate—so you can talk during the times you can
relax. Immediate credit for wrong numbers.
Operator assistance and collect calling.

when you’re asked to choose a long dis-
tance company, choose AT&’I‘. Because whether
you’re into Mozart or metal, quality is the one
thing everyone can agree on.
Reach out and touch someone?

_:_:§AT&T
v" The right Choice.

 

