 
 

 

 

 

 

. . , “Conic to ibinltoiiig,
:  "I’llhdved Heineken.

 

 

 

 

.vgd'r. U ME r.er 11'

turns out 255;
letters against
Reagan aid cuts

’ By Doug Tuttie'
5T FFWR'TER

Students on ColonialQbad wrote 255 ‘

letters to their representatives in Congress
on the dinner lines Monday to‘ protest
President Reagan's proposed ﬁnancial aid
cuts. as'student leaders say interest in the
_issue is at a peak because of the drastic
nature of the cuts. ‘ —.

“in termsof a national issue. We never
seen anything like this." said Student Ac-
tion chair Steve Gawiey, of the 255 letters.
which. he said. surpassed the 196 letters
written on Colonial Quad last semester in

opposition to the proposed twenty-one

year old drinking age.
“I was "pleasantly surprised." Gawley
said. “Even the people that receive no
I financial aid were concerned."
' Student leaders cited the severity of the
proposedcuts as one reason for the in-
crease'in studentopposition. “This year

;: the proposal is the most devastating ever. '1

said Kathy Ozer. legislative director for the

United States Student Association (USSA) 

in Washington, D.C. ' ’

The proposed cuts represenws change-

in attitude about who should receive finan-
cial aid" on the part of President Reagan
and Secretary of Education William Ben-
nett. Ozer said. ‘

As a' result. according to Ozer. there is
more interest in opposing the budget pro-
posals through letter writing, lobbying and
petitions. “There'are clearly many more
activities going on this year as opposed to
past years.” she said.

“Students are understanding the far-
resching effects of these proposals. Cuts
like these would be hard felt here at
SUNYA." said Oawiey.

“it's nice to see people finally uniting on
an issue." said Philip Botwinik. vice-chair
of the Student Action Legislative Subcom-
mittee. “Students seem like they really
care. This is an issue that affects all
students. The Reagan budget, proposals

' have really put a flame_ under the

students." ~

All . throughout the campaign.
organizers expressed their excitement over
the turnout. “We‘re getting an excellent
response. A lot of people are writing let-
ters.” said Bill McCann. Central Council
vice-chair. "Response was so overwhelm-
ing, we even ran out of envelopes." 7.

a

 

. ColoniaI‘Quad - j  '

By Bill Jacob - ‘

Residence halls may become the per-
manent home for~ fraternities‘ and
sororities. said John Martone. Director
of Residential Life. or they may be used
as-a stepping stone to move off-campus
in the future. '

Because of 'the grouper law. Greek

organizations may not be able to have“

traditional off-campus houses. As a
result the University is working to in-
tegrate them into on-campus living
facilities. Martone said Wednesday.

Residential Life is planning to assign
two fraternities to dorms this fall. pro-
bably on State and Colonial Quads.
Martone declined to specify which
fraternities were being considered;
however. Barry Pollack, President of
Tau Kappa Epsilon. said he .is talking,
with Residential Life about moving to
Colonial in the fall. and Howie Son-
nenschein. President of Zeta Beta Tau.
said he talked with Martone about
locating on State.

According to Martone. because
Residential Life must assign regular
students to rooms by mid-April, other
frntcrnities and sororities will have to
wait until Fall 1986 to apply for special
housing. "in the future we can be work-
ing for other fraternities and sororities
and take applications. Next year is the
bellwether year." he said. ‘

Fraternities and sororities would be
spread out on campus. Mnrtone said. “i
don't think we should have special in-
terest housing all on one quad. l‘d like

to spread the wealth around."
i

When asked how living in a residence
hall will affect his fraternity. Pollack
said. “it‘ll be great to [live together]

.ATuesday

March 12, 1985

NUMBER 11

VUAS, for second

 

, now." TKE. with 46 members. is spread

out over campus. said Pollack.

“We need one'central location to build a
fraternity systemait will build unity. A
residence hall would be nice to have.
although a house would be much bet-
ter." He also said that he is expecting
more support from the University.
hopef‘ully in the‘ form of fraternity
houses. which might be located on the
opposite side of indiah Lake.

Martone said that fraternities will
have to follow all current residence
policies. including making normal re-
quests for using lounges for events.
“We have to know what is going on in
the residence facilities. we have a
responsibility to students to maintain
the residence environment. Buildings
will not be turned over to the whim of a
fraternity and people will not act like
those in Animal House." he said.

Residential Life is supportive of the
Greek movement on campus. Martone
said. “Things will change for the better.
i feel they will add credibility to school
spirit and that there is potential for scr<
vice to our campus." he said. “i want to
do good things with it. i would not want
to make it difficult."

The grouper law has become the main
obstacle for Greek organizations since
Albany Mayor Thomas Whalen has said
that he will enforce the law this fall. The
law allows for no inore than three
unrelated people to live in one unit. As
many as 400 SUNYA students could be
displnced next September. according to
University administrators.

“We're looking into ways around the

grouper law." Pollack said. “Once we

time in sixteen
years, will not

hike board rates

By Bette Dzamba
STAFF WRITER
Board rates will not increase for the
' i985-86 school year. only the second time
. since I969 that no increase has occurred.
The first time no increase was set was in
1982-83, which followed the largest annual
hike, $97. in the 16 year period.

his proposal to the Board of Directors.
Norbert Zahm, General Manager of UAS.
said "I recommend that in order to pro-
vide sufﬁcient funds for the continuation
and support of a quality residence hall
food service on the Albany campus that
the Board of Directors approve the
i985/86 board rates for all options at the
rates in effect for l984/84.“

Ross Abelow. a member of the UAS
Board explained. "Usually a proposal is
made to the Board and it is voted on at the
next meeting...This time there was no need
to wait for the next meeting. The proposal
sounded good to us."

Zahm noted that "in the major expense

.. categories. food costs are projected to

"climb slightly as will other ect operating
expenses. Ho'w'e‘ver. substantial reductions
in utility fees and bad debt expenses will
offset-some of the increase."

in an interview ‘with the ASP last
November. Zahm had explained that bad
debt expenses were reduced by a new com-
outer system. and that the cost of the
tystem was being depreciated over several
years. adding to savings in the current
year. “We were anticipating savings (with
the program) but not like this." he said at
the time.

The approximate “20.000 reduction in
utility rates from last year is a result of an
agreement with the state which eliminates
certain fees and surcharges. according to
Zahm‘s message to the Board of Directors..,

"This is great for the students." ex-
claimed Abelow. “We are very lucky."

Abelow credited "good management"
on the part of UAS with the maintenance r
of the ‘84/‘85 rate.

' Abelow praised UAS for providing “a
'lot of services." in addition to providing
food‘ he noted the New York Times
subscription service. programming such as
Celebration. or “Mayfest,” and donations
to groups such as Students Opposed to
Poverty (STOP) and Telethon.

Zahm said he had conducted a survey of
board rates at twenty other SUNY cam-
puses, and the “top” board plnns were
compared. Albany had the least expensive
rate of the twenty schools. Farrningdaie
headed the list with an annual rate of
$1.460 for l9 meals per week. Albany
charges “.033 for the 20 meals per week
plan.

“The UAS lionrd of Directors is made
‘up of l0 students and ti faculty and ad-
nriuistrutors." suitl Abelow. I 7

Look inside for
ASP Sports:

Pg. 24: Women cagers' year
Pg. 25: Ail-American Mercurio

establish ourselves. our national pglzs: Danesvyearm review

organization tuight‘be able to numbing: i Pg. 27: Gym nests take tourth

because it makes things easier for us.
Everyone will be able to know each
other better than they know each other

lNARI All” UP
gonald Whlilook .
Aid cuts dlsregard need

 

