 

‘4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDA Y, NOVEMBER 15,1985

 

 

John Curry: Thanks a million for the
Intramural shots — we're sorry about the
credits.

 

 

 

 

 

Eric K. Copland

IMMIGRATION MATTERS

488 Broadway .
Albany, NY. 12207 (513) 434 0175

Attorney at Law
Practice Limited to

 

 

 

top 17 salons

our student
discounts.

 

MADEMOISELLE
AGAZINE
says. . ."One of the

in the country."

 

*inquire about

*SUNV bus stops
just doors away.

*Jean Paul Coiffures
is Vour Island oi
Elegance in the
Capital District —-

a halrsbreadth from
New York and Paris.

d
(JEAN E{ZAUL
COIFFUQES

DEWITI CLINTON
142 STATE STREET
ALBANV, NY. 12207

(518) 463-6691

llIUlDl crotlil curds accoplutt

 

     
   

‘—

  
  

 

. f . ‘ 0Q
Cﬁppprcmir
liii DliitPiliCi

v IN SERVICE. . .

We listen — We care — We deliver.

4 IN QUALITY...

We ARE European — Trained in
Europe and recognized
throughout America.

1 IN STYLE. . .
We ARE trendsetters -—

innovators of new style —
Masters of subtle variation.

 

 

 

 
  

 

  

“ mpared I
Paralegal programs
and chose Adelp ”

    

Louise Wood
0 Diversiﬁed curriculum—specialize in Litiga-
tion; Corporations; Estates, Trusts and Wills;
Real Estate; Employee Beneﬁts or General Practice
0 NY STATE GUARANTEED STUDENT
LOANS
0 Spring day classes begin Feb 19, evening classes
begin Mirth

  

      
     
    

0 Oldest and lar est ABA-approved -
program in NY State

 

    
 

0 Effective cm loyment assistance—
over 1,100 employers have hired

 

 

 

 

  
  

Campus profs’ union leaders ridicule

reneWable tenure idea as a ‘disaSter’

By Olivia Abel
STAFF WRITER

An idea that would force professors to apply for
tenure every ﬁve years has been met with universal
condemnation among SUNYA’s professional-staff
union leaders.

“1 think that it would be a disaster for the univer-
sity" were the words of Myron Taylor, secretary of
the campus chapter of United University Profu-
sions (UUP), concerning the possibility of
renewable tenure for professors in the SUNY
system.

The new system, originally proposed by the state,

Many profs polled
say ten are lowers

education quality

Princeton, NJ.
COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE — About a third of all
college teachers think students would get a better
education if tenure was abolished. a new survey
of campus faculty members from around the na-
tion has found.

The survey, conducted by the Carnegie Foun-
dation for the Advancement of Teaching and
released Oct. 14, also found that almost four out
of every ten college teachers are thinking about
changing their careers within the next ﬁve years.

Acquiring tenure, of course, traditionally has
been one of college teachers’ primary goals
because it protects them from being ﬁred without
cause.

But tenure is harder to get now than it was ﬁve
years ago, about two-thirds of the professors
polled said.

Carnegie officials say that although none of
the survey results surprised them, discovering
that 38 percent of all faculty are thinking of leav-
ing the profession within ﬁve years is alarming.»
“Overall, we're talking about a profession that
may be in a lot of trouble," said foundation of-
ﬁcial Marla Ucelii.

Faculty members were not asked why they
might leave teaching, but their answers to other
questions convinced foundation ofﬁcials there is
a widespread morale problem.

Eighy—four percent of the professors said their
students are not properly prepared for their
classes. And 40 percent said morale in their
departments had declined during the past five
years. Less than half thought their salaries were
good or excellent.

“A decade or two ago, faculty could go from
campus to campus, pushing for visibility and
professional advancement," recalled Ernest
Boyer, the foundation’s president. “Today, with
fewer opportunities available, they feel locked in
and ﬁlled with doubt about their capacity to as-
cend the academic ladder."

There are, however. other signs in the study
that morale is not as bad as Boyer suggests.

Only 28 percent of the college teachers, for ex-

 

Adelphi graduates

0 Choice of time and location—Day
and evening classes in Garden City,
Huntington and Manhattan

 
          
       
   
   
   
 
  

A recruiter will be on campus
Wednesday, November 20

 

 

ample, felt they had limited opportunities for
professional advancement, and only 21 percent
said they would not go into teaching if they could
start their careers over.

The survey was conducted as part of Boyer's
comprehensive review of the quality of
undergraduate education being conducted. He is
scheduled to release his full report sometime next
year.

Bo‘okstore

f3 teller will

still has two years to run. CASHEREu
Currently, UAS provides two

 

share

during the early stages of negotiations for a new
professors’ contract, would require that teaching
staff he brought up for periodic reviews of their.
performance every ﬁve years. The present system
requires only one satisfactory review before a
teacher is granted tenure. * ,

According to a bulletin sent out by UUP chapter
President Tim Reilly, tenure is just one of many
controversial issues that are at stake in the negotia-
tions for a new contract withlthe state. Professors
have been working without a contract since June
30. "

Other issues that UUP is fighting for include
guaranteed raises upon promotion, equitable treat-
ment of part-time employees and establishment of
longevity pay, said the bulletin.

Bruce Miroff, the political science department
representative to UUP saidl'the establishment of
renewable tenure could greatly affect the quality of
education in the SUNY system. “it would be dif-
ﬁcult to recruit other teachers. Why. would they
want to come here if they could have more security
elsewhere?" .

Miroff said he feels that “right now New York
has a tolerant progressive system of government.”
but he also pointed out that it is questionable as to
what could happen if there was a sudden switch in
government. He added, renewable tenure “would
make SUNY inferior to any other public university
system.”

Christine Bose, a member of UUP’s state
negotiating team echoed Miroff’s sentiments.
“Renewable tenure would make it very hard to get
good faculty at SUNY.” She stated that “tenure is
(a) core of union and academic principles” and
maintained that renewable tenure would defeat the
purpose of tenure. The system makes it difficult for
professors to be ﬁred and was originally devised to
protect an individual’s right to academic freedom.

According to Bose, the state won't say why they
want to establish renewable tenure. But, she said
one possible reason may be to save money as
tenured faculty have the highest salaries but are the
hardest to dispose of .

Bose said the state is trying not to deal with the
problem and she suspects that by stalling for. time
the state negotiators think the union will cave in.
But Bose said she doesn't see this as possible as the
union is strong and the negotiations team has, in
her words, become more astute.

Taylor cited UUP‘s main goal as “loking after
the quality of education." He said this includes
making sure that faculty are protected from ﬁrings.
UUP has already held one demonstration in front
of the Campus Center to protest he stalled contract
negotiations with the Governor’s Ofﬁce of
Employee Relations (OER), the state negotiating
team.

Bose said the demonstration made the issues visi-
ble to faculty and staff who may not have otherwise
been aware of them. She said she feels that people
are beginning to realize that it is time to take action
to help the union.

UUP is planning a rally on November 17 outside
the administration building, and other labor
unions, including the Albany County Labor Coun-
cil, will march along with students and faculty.
They also plan to lobby at the state legislature and
are presently talking to Student Association concer-
ning student involvement and support.

According to the latest UUP negotiations bulletin
the state is now declaring that they never proposed
the idea of renewable tenure to UUP during
negotiations, while UUP insists that they did.

Ron Tarwater, spokesperson for OER, refused to
comment on the issue of renewable tenure.

available on campus.
At the time. according to

the name

,. t «.rrme-“EQWEW'MV (Gany-

 

 

 
  

Cuntact the Career Placement Office
for an appointment.

itilfl'lrﬂhiﬂgl‘ﬁh‘h‘V-iif's 516-485-3602
missus statistics. 800457-8910
or call: In NY State Only

Al 3} am; it: UNIV] aafii‘t;

 
     
       
        

       
  

 

  
  

Address

 

   

(luv State Zip

     

Home Phone ...._..__.__.___ Business Phone
in cimpcrmtun with The National Center for Paralegal Training

    
 

Moneymatic machines as well as a
Community Banking teller in the
Campus Center. But now, accor-
ding to Zahm,”We are looking at
an addition of a Community
Banking Automatic Teller
Machine (ATM)."

it is expected that Community
Banking. originally pioneered by
KeyBunk. will join up with NYCF.
(New York Currency Exchange)
and go by the name CASHERE.

Zahm snid.”0vcr the semester
break. we can install a free stan<
ding ATM. Tliut machine and the

"The State University at
Albany was the first campus to
have an ATM," said
Zahm.“Marine Midland was one
of the few banks which had the
equipment iii the area."

When it was decided to place
an ATM at SUNYA, UAS came
up with certain specifications
which had to be met. The
machines had to be entirely non-
tcllcr operated and the bank
represented had to have the
greatest statewide coverage possi-
ble. All banking services available
anywhere in the state had to be

Zahm,“Marine Midland was the
only one willing to come to cam~
pus. the only one with services
statewide. and the only one who
would give free checking to
students." Today, Zahm
estimated $50,000 worth of tran-
sactions are made in the two
ATMs each month.

“i wouldn’t want to have to be
keeping track of everything going
on in the banking industry now,"
said Zahm, adding that anyone
with a NYCE card can use it in
the campus Moneymatic ATMs
and that Moneymatlc cards
should Work in the NYCE
machines.

 

 

FRIDA v, NOVEMBER 15', ‘1985 1:1 ALBANY ‘s‘rUbEN'r PRESS“ 5

 

Nicaraguan research highlights grad’s work

By Jim Thompson
STAFF WRITER

   

Not many of us have ever seen military
guards on every corner. daily funerals, or
heard the sounds of nearby bombsheils,
but for Jane Dirks it is part of her intrigu-
ing past.

A 34-year old postgraduate at SUNYA,
Dirks is presently working on her masters
thesis for doctorate in
anthropology. in July
and August of 1984, she
spent five weeks in

Friday
Esteli, Nicaragua, 4o 
miles from the Hon.

dorus boarder, which, at that time was
deﬁned as a militarized zone.

“We could always hear the sound of
gunﬁre in the distance," Dirks said. “One
time I entered the house and found seven
militia men who offered no explanation.
for their visit. Although they didt-‘t say,
they were obviously mobilizing and needed
a place to spend the night and so ti xv did.

“When I was an undergraduate student
at Albany i wasn't ycry interested in
politics. I possessed the attitude of ‘what
can one person do to affect the govern-
mcnt'," she added. ' . ’

 2L  1',  1'5"
Jane Dirks with her host family in Nicaragua
"We could always hear the sound of gunﬁre. ”

Also, she said she wanted to learn
Spanish, which since no one in Esteii spoke
English. was a necessity. Dirks said she felt
successful in accomplishing both these
goals.

The Nicaraguan people seem to be in-
formed as far as the United States policies,
said Dirks. “It is annoying. These people
can make a distinction between the U.S.
government and U.S. citizens. They dont
blame the American people for the deci-
sions of government.”

Her reasons, though, for her trip to
Nicaragua are simple and straightfoward.
“I wanted to know ﬁrst hand what the
situation in Central America was,” Dirks
said.

 
 

COUNTESV 0F JANE DIHKS

She contradicted this reaction with
American citizens' reactions to iranians
during Hostage Crisis of 1979. “We held
the iranians that that lived in the United
States responsible for the actions of their
political leaders," Dirks said.

.Dirks related an incident that she said
truly displayed the feelings and views of
the people of Esteli. When she arrived at
her new home, she listened to a speech
given by one of the few elderly people in
the town. ‘ ‘The old lady explained that she

would sacriﬁce herchildren to save my
life." Dirks said she felt important that her
findings be heard by U.S. citizens. “The
people of America must ﬁnally be told the
true story of what is going on in
Nicaragua," said Dirks. “My inﬂuence in
the U.S. is more vital to their cause and
mine than the lives of their children."

Dirks is still involved in the Nicaraguan
cause. She is helping to form an aid
organization that will collect money for
medical supplies and food, and also signed
a pledge to denounce U.S. intervention in
‘- Nicaragua.

Dirks has also been arrested before
when she participated in a sit in that took
place at a covemment ofﬁce in Albany to
, protest tmerica’s Central American
policy.

Behind the Nicaraguan advocate there is
a personal side to Dirks who was married
only two weeks ago. With a gleam in her
eye and a smile on her face she said,
“After my life settles down a little, I want
to have a baby.”

Dirks's devotion to helping the people
of Nicaragua doesn't leave her alot of
spare time. “At this stage in my life I have
very little free time and my schedule is
usually ﬁlled," she said.

She hopes to return to Nicaragua for six
months in the near future as part of the
work for her doctorate. As of now she is
studying a local tribe of lndians in Central
Massachusetts. D

 

Rockefeller College focuses on grad options

school, but to give the college publicity, as well as to give
students an idea of what graduate school is all about," he
said.

Snyder explained that a lot of students don't realize the
advantages of graduate school. “The College of Public
Affairs and Policy is an‘alternative to law and business
schools for many,” said Snyder, “...and there's good
ﬁnancial aid.”

Gerald Parker, Assistant Provost of Rockefeller Coi-
icgc added, “Graduate Information Day was designed to
attract potential clientele not only from SUNYA but all
area colleges.” Parker said he notified Siena College,

Parking

<Front Page '
One possible solution for the llth ward, said Cassuto,

is to change the policy so alternate side of the strectpark-
ing would be in effect during the daytime, such as m the
6th ward, when the majority of the people are not home.

By Melissa Knoll
srxrr wnmsn .

There are alternatives to attending law school or
graduate school for business after graduation, and the
Nelson A. Rockefeller School of Public Affairs and
Policy proved it by holding Graduate informatibn Day
Tuesday at Draper Hail. V

A number of informational displays' were staffed by
representatives of research centers, institutes, and sup-
port units of the college, and academic program tables
were staffed by faculty members and graduate students,
who presented information about the various programs
within Rockefeller College.

information workshops dealing with speciﬁc academic
programs were presented by Michael Vayo, assistant to
the provost for admissions, and Kathy Torio, of the col-
lege's External Academic Programs Ofﬁce. General
graduate-program information, including such topics as
admissions, ﬁnancial aid. internships and placement op-
portunities were discussed. Lectures given by profes-
sionals within each department were also included.

Graduate information Day was not aimed only at those
who have deﬁnite plans of attending graduate school.
said Scott Snyder, an undergraduate teaching assistant in
the political science department. “it’s not so much to en-
courage ’students as to whether or not to go to grad

When asked what he believes to be the best solution,
Jerry Jennings, the Alderman for the llth ward, said.
“i’m not sure what the best solution is. No one has come
to a firm conclusion. We want to make it safe and com-
fortable for people, but every consequence must be look-
‘A at.’!

Russel Sage College, Rensselaer Polytechnic institute and
other four year colleges in the Capital District of the
event.

“The downtown campus is more appropriate because it
attracts a clientele that otherwise wouldn't attend the
event," said Parker, noting that most events are held
uptown.

Parker explained that the uptown campus will hold a
Graduate Information Day in the Spring in which, not
only the Rockefeller College but all the colleges within the
University will participate. The Spring event will be
geared primarily for the beneﬁt of SUNYA students. Ci

“if alternate side of the street parking during the day is
a reasonable alternative, we sho "‘ pursue it.” said
Jennings.

However. Coleman disagreed with this possibility. say-
ing, “What would i do with the streets that are currently
being cleaned during the day? When would that section of

the city be cleaned? it is a lot to look into. i can't say we?

can do it or we can’t do it."

Cassuto said that a lot of work will have to be done,
but. “if the community is aware there's a problem . c
might get something done. " 7'"

 

 

 

-' 7 THEMICHELOB
FESTIVAL 0F TARS

 
  

CENTER 118. 2
COLONIE REAR 0F MACVfS r 459-2170

TARGET (R)

in Dolby Stereo
To Live and Die in LA (Ft)

" TOWNE 1&2

l'MIll N0 niir‘rrc smart llilfilLAiliAM 7854515

DEATHWISH 3 (R)
ONCE BITTEN
(P613

    
 
  
 

 
  
 

 

   
  
   

    
      
  
  

  
 
  

  
ARLOWGHUITHRIE
DAVID BROMBERPG :7: JOHN SEBASTIAN

November i6 at 8:00 PM
ncxars smoma sisso

 

 

' ' “r Ff”, ( I EXCLUSIVE PARKING FOR THEATRE PATRONS 0 N0 THEATRE LESS THAN 350 SEATS
.., i‘ALAClE ' ' ' ' '
’ . THEATRL

THEATRES-

CENTER—HELLMAN-

s 50
EARLY BlRD
snows

l I
m MATINEE EE‘EESM.

$2.00 EARLY BIRD
(1st Mammoth“... mum-yo
$2.00 Children All Day
$2.50 Below 6PM
(Shows alter Early Bird-
(Excapt Sunday)

0 ESCAPE TO THE MOVIES AND LET llA BE YOUR TICKET

  
   

HELLMAN 1&2

WASHINGTON AVENUE. ALBANY ' 459-5321, ’
ONC E BITTEN
(PG13)

i-iFTER nouns (R)
-' PLAZA 1&2

nantaoAM MALL. numum m - 3561800

ONCE BITTEN
(P613)

  
   
 

   
  
   

    
  
 

 

   

TOWNE

 
   
  
  
    
 

 

    
   

~PLAZ—
50 REGULAR
ADMISSION

   
   
   

 

    
  

   
  

DEATHWISH 3 (H)
To Live and Die In LA (R)

 
 

 

 

  

 

  

SPEND A NIGHT WITH BK-M 104
«"rs. ON sALtz-Now "A12.-

 
  
   

SHOWS lli lili'.’ A\I (Ii NIHI UNI Y
' r v I ' . v ' .

l .
' . PINK FLOYD THE wau. (PG)

   

  
 

.i‘i

gnarl aided I MICHAELOB .

 

 

 

him with:
CENTER HELLMAN

,smuwr Armrssmn rm it sir

   
   
 

  

SillIlVS III l “W Al'v'lll LIMA"- ONLY,

Desperately Seeking Susan (PG-13)
Clockwork Orange (R)

 

  
    

 

 

 

 

‘ .

 

