2a Aspects

 

November 15, I985

 

Our Biggest And Best Sale!

Graduated Savings.
 “"[ljllllllilllllilij
 n. »

lllllilllllltit

 
 
   

   
 

s ~
OFF

LL 1th GOLD ALL 14K GOLD

OFF _- . it
ALL 18K (film 

ij'
i

j..."  *
OFF

iii"?

 

 

 

 

 

 

it .
, .
iii

 

   

 

 

(Mow-ck only, suvvou tin-gold ringol'your(-hniw. l’nrr-mnpiutv
details. 51-0 yoln‘Joslvns rvprt'st'ntzuivv nl:

 livjinsil [tr 1| . $25.00
 Bookstorew

Elf]

JOSTEN S

AMERICA'S COLLEGE RINGm

hintininsu-ns. ltu‘

 

 

 

pizza l
Baron ~
462-2222

We Deliver To Downtown Ouudl '

V \ , ._ . _, ,
841.!th S‘LI‘L‘JE'DELRI‘L? SWLEGUG‘EIUJSUU
10 up on all Food tr Plun (Picked up it cut in orders)
Pltcher's of Genome $2.25(Between 7pm-i melTucsdoys Er Saturdays)
315 Central Avenue
(between Quail & S. Lake)
(Heron from le Fat (at)

n
B

 

Hours: Tues” Wed, Thurs. ll n.m.-12 midnight
Fri. 8: Sat. ll a.m.~l a.m.. Sun. 2 p.m:|0 p.m.
— Closed Monday —

g/g

 

0 MENU 0

PIZZA

 

CgSPGCUIa tion

fan—NW: PEA/Vin ELUTET—Je/ly

(Please ignore that for the time being.) I

id you ever have one of those weeks when, considering everything that ab-
Dsolutely had to be done to avoid failure and/or death, you would have to
devote at least 40 hours a day to the bare necessities? And did you notice,
too, that there always seemed to be a huge complication thrown in, so that you
wished you only had to put in those 40 hour clays and not worry about the com-
plicating factor? . >
Some people deal well with these killer weeks. They rationalize the situation and
keep things in perspective. As aspiring philosopher Joe Izhakoff once said, "If I just_
buckled down and hid under my bed for a week, the time would pass, and
everything would turn out okay."
it's a nice sentiment, but it doesn’t take into account disastrous complicationsi
— like that strange thing with the stick figures at the top of'the page. Yes, this has
been a killer week for me, and every time l sit down and try to get some work
done, that'stupid jingle invades my brain, conquering all traces of quasi-intellectual
thought. -
Even philosophical Joe admits that this situation is “out of control and needs to
be stopped." That's why l’m appealing to you, the reader, for help. Those life-like
illustrations under the jingle represent the little dance and hand motions that ac-
company the words. I don't know where this terror comes from; all I know is that
‘it’s back from my past, threatening my grades and/or life. Every 15 minutes or so, I
break into a song and dance routine about peanut and jelly. People are starting to
wonder.
I’m beginning to make strange association which inevitably lead to peanut butter
and jelly. i can't look at my RA, Skippy, without having a jingle-attack. I can‘t go to
the cafeteria without concluding that it’s another ‘

fat-mm, fEﬂIUtAT Bunsen-guy v

t f 

l began to ask around. I had to determine where this invader had come fromand
why it had singled me out. My roommate, Miss Chris, swears that it was an ad for
the "peanut butter and jelly candy bar.” When i insisted that I never heard ‘of such i
thing, she said, "i guess it didn’t make it. Sounds pretty gross anyhow, huh?’.’.

Grant-Simon (who ought to know, since he’s the second cousin of Simon Sez)
decided, "it must be from that Goober stuff — you know, the stuff with peanut
butter and jelly in the same jar for people who don’t want to bother getting out two
jars to make a sandwich." ‘

Anyone with other ideas as to the factual and/or fictionat origins of

pen—Am, PE/WuT bin-rile —— j‘ezl

f 3’

should submit them immediately to the Aspects mailbox in CC329. Please include
names and addresses so that I can contact the person(s) with the answer, or
something unreasonable enough to be close, and express my eternal gratitude.
There will be prizes for the winners, either cookies or cake or. . .

  

(Respond quickly pleasel)

With/ing,

 

Shortsleeve ducks out

only nt

' l'i'pl I'mnl
' ‘inu-imw
-('nlil|lloww

 

llultlm Itutl u1lh II tlllllll“ ui ynru tam-u» Im'M tit-nu linm i'
imii inn-mt with out pun) “a

l
ADDITIONAL TOPPINGS
333321." 372.”.
"'llol" l'i'mwu 'Hluhnp

IMmhrmum
'l'hu-nplilv
Otim-n l‘i-piwu

HOT OPEN TORPEDO'S

l’i-ppvmiil
Sin-som-
Meatball

pizza Bum mun. a. llilu (‘rmt minim .i No ow...) Bum
l2 . . . . . . 6S|ice . . . . . Medium 53.95 pm
16" . . . . . . 12 Sllce . . . . . . large ..56.55
Whole Wheat Crust ndd . . , . . . , . . . . .50
Addltlonnl Topping-
Mmllnrn (per Item) . . . . . . . . . . . , . .70
largctper ltctn) . . . . . , . . . . . . , . . 1.00

i: a“)
 one FREE Topping With Every 2 Ordered.

' lllllll
Minions
d'ulrn Urn-w

quvuilil. Simuan I" Mum hall
'1,“ sat-i! Amt mr|ml rmlllln'lln rim: Karth Ill

. . . . $2.80

, . . . . . $2.80

. v . . $2.8"

 

 

 

 

harlene Shortsleeve spent most of
‘ Election Day on the phone inform-

ing over 40 bands that Duck Soup
closed. The club, which had opened just
five months ago, and featured acts such as
Clive l'ig, Del l‘uegos, 10,000 Maniacs, and
The Meat Puppets, locked its doors amidst
a maze of confusion and speculation.

Shortsleeve, the booking agent for Duck
Soup, stated that the management told her
the closing was only temporary ~— they
plan to enlarge the stage, move the bar,
and reopen in April. Other sources say the
bar. owned by resauranteur Robin Burton
and managed by Melody Howarth, will
reopen In December. Who knows? it’s no
secret that the club, located In chsselaer

 

is not in a prime spot and live music atten-
dance is down all over the area.

' if and when Duck Soup reopens, Short-
sleeve and her husband Dave, who ran 288
Lark during its heyday, will most probably
not be involved, They are looking to start
their own establishment. An attempt to
open at the Embassy Club fell through, but
they are confident that they have found a
feasible, but undisclosed, location.

About the closing Shortsleeve said, "i
hope it serves to wake poeple up a little
bit. if they like new music and don’t sup-
port it, they won't see it much longer."
Some of the shows scheduled for Duck
Soup may be transfered to other area
nighispots.

. , . . . . . . . . . ....,...-.-.Milte.£¢.k,,.

November 15, 1985'————_ Aspects 3a
L’f ’
l t 6 1n a

n board was plenty of food and
Oshelter. Life should have been sim-
ple and free, a lark. Boredom,
however, set in about two years ago. Thus,
a game was created to pass time on this
'ship of fools- a fool’s game of death. Not
death swift and sure, but death
anticimactic,

Ian Spelling L

Death followed a generally slow,
tediousmanhunt aboard The Livingston.
Lync‘hings provided ' the most fun,
therefore lynchings became the
“in”method of execution, the Reeboks of
death fashion. The names~of each and
every passenger rested at the bottom of
Captain Tim Dayson's champagne bucket.
Once a week he chose the latest victim.
NOrmally, the potential lynchee would run
in fear for weeks, never knowing when
he’d be caught. Occasionally, the bounty
hunters purposely captured the victim in
days. Usually, though, they enjoyed letting
the victim sweat a while, allowing him to
contemplate his fate. Then they'd grab
him and lynch him, or her, this was, after
all, a coed game of death.

On rare days, the hunt lasted but hours.
Al Menken’s lasted but hours. He started at
the bow and ran until he tired, a mere two
hours later. He gave up- a fact the bounty
hunters took into account when they lyn-
ched Menken's entire family before he was
to get his.

 

 

The rules were simple. Run ’til you are '

caught and then face death calmly. Those
who broke these primitive rules suffered.
Death was a given, it's method wasn't for
truants- as rule breakers aboard the Liv-
ingston were called. Truants received
whatever punishment the Corona deemed
applicable. Menken, for instance, sur-
rendered his rights to mercy after a mere
two hours. a

Dayson, also the Chancellor of the Cor-
ona, declared Menken's fate- and that of
his family.'Thé Corona followed simple
governmental procedure. The group of
seven board members ruled by majority,
with Dayson voting only to,break a tie.

 

 

the Livingston, was simple: he maintained
the party line.

Dayson announced that Mary Menken
would‘die first. No blindfold and no quick
drop off an eleven foot platform. No hang-
ing painlessly for all to see and laugh at.
Rather, Mary was treated to the pulley
system. Normally, a noose is secured
around the side of the neck assuring a
quick, painless death in which the neck im.
mediately snaps. Mary Menken’s noose
hung behind her neck, meaning suffoca-
tion when pulled taught. But there she
stood, calmly, as those simple rules
dictated.

Dayson’s job, like everything else aboard

 

    

Three burly men cranked the gear shift
and reeled in the rope. When she hovered
one foot above the ground, Mary grabbed
the rope and strained to pull herself up.
Dayson’s smile vanished. His eyes met
hers.

“Hold it up gentlemen," Dayson
ordered. "The truant’s wife seems to want
to live. Lower her.”

_ The men followed orders. Dayson walk-
ed over to her and smiled. She glared back
angrily.

"t know what we’ll do,” he called over‘to
the six other board members.

"Let's have some fun. Let's make her
watch the rest of her family die first. Then
we’ll string her up." ‘ ‘

Bitten once too often - .

re you in the mood to think? No?
AThen perhaps a good cinematic
choice would be Once Bitten, as it
will make few, if any, demands on your
brain. One of any number of similiar films,
Once Bitten is probably best suited to the
junior high/high school crowd at the
oldest.

Rhonda Friedman ,

 

The main character is an eighteen year
old high school student (Jim Carrey) who
wants desperately to — shall we say — ex-
press his manhood. ln this oh-so-typical
scenario, his "good girl" girlfriend (Karen
Kopins) says no, so what does he do? You
guessed it -— he goes out with “the guys”,
who are naturally only interested in one
thing.

Meanwhile, in a gorgeous super-modern
mansion, we find our model/actress Lauren
Hutton, a.k.a. female vampire. She is fran-
tically searching everywhere for a virgin,
whose blood she needs to retain her youth
and beauty.

50 one night Mark, the teenage virgin,
and his friends, the teenage sex maniac
Virgins, all pile into Mark’s ice cream truck
and head for the nearest pick-up joint. And
gee, you’ll just never guess who they run
into! The story goes on in this highly
predictable fashion until we are drumming

our nails on our chairs, able to guess the

outcome from scene one.

For what it is, Once Bitten is not com-
pleter atrocious, but its high points never
surpass mediocre. There are some cute
Jokes, but it you’re looking for substance,

forget it. The characters are. onc- 

 

 

 

  

.ia ' . - . .
dimensional, the plot inane, and the so-
called climax tiresome. Sure, it's inten-
tionally silly, but it winds up being more so
than necessary. There is a limit to how
much teenage humor one can take. And
we are so far removed from the characters
— what little there is in the way of
characters — that we don't much care what
happens to them one way or another.

The film's main attraction, and chief
redeeming quality, is the incredible beauty
of Lauren Hutton. She is the first vampire
to sport the latest styles from Paris and

wear .them. smashingly, as .only. a .super-. . .

   

model could. Sex appeal is second nature
to her, and her seductive looks and [39585
are the most believable (and if you're a
male, no doubt, the most exciting) aspect
of the movie.

Cleavon Little raises our expectations
with the promise of an interesting perfor-
mance as Hutton'stscrvant, but our hopes
are dashed as the movie progresses. At the
outset he seems to posess an evil grace and
exciting delivery, but he never quite goes
anywhere. He, like the rest of the movie,
fallsflat. . . .

 

 

“a 3 

model environment

And so it was done.

Ann Menken went first, kicking and
screaming, fighting with more than her
eleven years of muscle. Dayson glanced at
his watch. Her neck never snapped. She
hung there, suffocating for three and a half
minutes, according to Dayson’s watch.
And Dayson got smart this time. Little
Ann's hands were tied behind her back.

Billy Menken died next. Up and down
went the rope. Dayson decided Billy's
hands wouldn't be bound, so the seventeen
year old fought like hell. He groped at the
rope only to have the crank jerked and the
rope sear his hands. This happened several
times as the crowd aboard the Livingston
cheered violently. Finally, the boys at the
crank jerked too hard. The hands lay limp,
dripping blood onto the deck.

Finally, Mary Mcnken met her fate. All
the while, her husband watched attentive-
ly. His eyes caught his children’s just
before they rolled to the back of their
heads. Menken :aught his wife's
bewildered eyes as well.

Then it was his turn.

Dayson commanded the men to tie
Menken's hands together. The simple
orders were followed. As they yanked at
the leather strap, in an effort to secure it
was tight, Menken kicked and struggled.

Hands incapacitated, Menken rammed
into Dayson with his head, knocking
Dayson overboard. Others reached for the
darting Menken who dodged them
expertly.

Menken nearly tripped over the lifeless
body of his baby daughter, Ann, as he scut-
tled about the ship's deck. Finally cornered,
he ran no more. He looked around the Liv-
ingston, closed his eyes, and jumped.

He landed with an unceremonious thud,
next to the corpse of Tim Dayson, whose
neck broke in the fall. Menken stood and
peered up at the Livingston, which sat mo-
'tionless ‘on its standuHe read the plaque
reading The Livingston. Through the glass
bottle Menken saw Mike McKensie hard
at work on his latest model ship. Menken
banged at the glass, but Mike was too busy
to hear him.

Nobody heard him. El

,,.

 

The only‘ thing this movie does, beside
relieving us of the burden of taxing our
minds, is make a snide comment on cur-
rent sexual mores. The vampiress is
desperate because she doesn't know where
she’ll find a virgin in this day and age.
So? Got five dollars? in the mood to
completely waste it? in the mood for
mediocrity? We got a great movie for you
—~ it’s called Once Bitten. L—l

 

LASP rating:

gr?

 

