2 ALBANY STUDENT prises 1:1 TUESDA mot/Elam 19,3953

NEWS BRIEFS

The Wcsllcﬂ 

A; A I
Hijackers convicted

Genoa, Italy
(AP) A court Thursday convicted four
Palestinians and one accomplice charged
in the Achille Lauro hijacking on charges
of illegal arms possession and handed
down sentences ranging from 4 to 9 years
in prison.

All five, including the accomplice, face a
trial at a later date for the more serious
charges of kidnapping and murdering an
American passenger aboard the italian
cruise liner.

The stiffest sentence of nine years plus a
fine of 3 million lire. about $1,700, was
given to Mohammed lssa Abbas, iden-
tified previously as Mohammed Kalaf.
who was arrested in Genoa carrying false
passports days before the ltalian ship
began its Mediterranean cruise.

Volcano takes toll '

Bogota, Colombia

(AP) Government officials said said

Thursday there is an outbreak of typhoid

 

 

fever and looting in the town of Armero.
the Colombian town buried by tons of
mud from a volcanic eruption. Authorities
today raised the toll of dead and missing to

'about 25,000.

Officials said a military officer was put
in charge of the devastated area Thursday
to stop looting, and geologists warned that
increased earth tremors around smoking
Nevado del Ruiz may signal more activity.

Meanwhile, British rescuers listened for
signs of life under the mud and rubble.
despite Health Minister Rafael Zubiria's
statement that there was “no one left to
rescue.”

“The Motion?”

Kate nears Florida

Miami
(AP) Hurricane Kate buffeted the Carri-
bean Thursday with wind gusts of nearly
110 mph. threatening the Turks and
Caicos islands and the Bahamas and ad-
vancing on the southern Florida coast.

At ll am. EST, Kate was centered near
latitude 2l.6 north and longitude 74.2
west. just north of Great lnagua island in
the Bahamas and about 500 miles

 

southeast of Miami. It was moving toward
the west near 15 mph, and was expecte to
continue on the same course today.

"it's much too far in advance to predict
a landfall, but the highest possibility
would be in the south Florida area,” said
National Hurricane Center forecaster Bob
Case.

Chemicals pose threat

New York
(AP) The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy has concluded that 403 highly toxic
L ‘ ‘ produced throughout the United
States would pose potentially serious
health dangers to the public in a chemical
plant accident. the New York Times
reported Thursday.

At least 577 companies at thousands of
locations handle these chemicals, accor-
ding to an agency report obtained by the
Times. Some of these chemicals are pro-
duced and stored in the billions of pounds
near populated areas, while some are so
toxic that the leak of only a few pounds
could injure people near a plant, the report
said.

The EPA list and its associated
documents. obtained by the Times from
government officials, are the first major

 

 

FOREWARNED

til

 

 

 

You can see this sign “on location" at the bus ticket vending machine opposite the Campus Center Into desk.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

step in a federal effort to measure the
potential for toxic chemical accidents.

Psychosis diagnosed

Bangor, Maine
(AP) John Lane was suffering from
psychosis caused by brain damage when
his girlfriend’s 4ayear-old daughter was
burned to death in an electric oven, a
defense psychiatrist testiﬁed Thursday as
Lane's lawyers began wrapping up their
case.

Dr. David M. Bear of Brookline, Mass.,
said Lane continues to be psychotic as a
result of damage to the right side of his
brain.

Lane, 37, and the girl’s mother, Cynthia
Palmer, 30. have pleaded innocent and in-
nocent by reason of insanity to the murder
charge.

The Silents  

Trump plans tower

New York
(AP) Developer Donald Trump will make
another bid to clipse the Sears Tower in
Chicago as the world’s tallest skyscraper, a
spokesman says.

Trump, a 38-year-old real estate
magnate. planned to announce ' the
skyscraper plans along with architect
Helmut Jahn at an ll a.m. news con-
ference Thursday in Manhattan, the
spokesman, Robert Rafsky, confirmed
late Sunday.

Rafsky said he could not discuss before
the news conference how tall the proposed
building would be. However, Trump's
dream for a 1,940—foot, lSO-story tower
surfaced in August, l984. when he propos-
ed a $1 billion skyscraper on 26 acres of
landfill in the East River near Manhattan's
financial district. The city has not yet
chosen a developer for the site.

Teacher suspended

Sand Lake, N. Y.
(AP) The Board of Education in the
Rensselaer County town of Sand’Lake has
agreed to suspend a teacher charged with
more than 50 counts of misconduct, in-
cluding telling a student. “i’m sure you’ve
got enough blubber to keep you warm."
officials said.

The board decision Tuesday followed an
order earlier this month by the state educa-
tion commissioner. Gordon Ambach.
suspending the teacher for a year without

ay.
Thelma Tomlinson was suspended from
the classroom in the spring for two months
after the board found her guilty of conduct
unbecoming a teacher. including making
the “blubber” remark to a student who
complained of being cold.

 

By Blll Jacob
AWAmNBWSEDﬂDR

Although the Revisionist Zionist Alternative
(RZA) and the Jewish Students Coalition (JSC)
both seek to promote Jewish awareness, the leaders
of both organizations agree that their groups have
different means of achieving this goal.

“Our'goals are the same,” said Robin Berloff.
president of RZA. but added that RZA uses ac-
tivism to fulfill its objectives.

According to JSC president Elliot Frome, JSC’s
purpose is “to promote Jewish awareness and unity
through cultural, social and educational
programs.”

Frome said he feels JSC serves a more general
purpose than RZA. “i see JSC as covering the full
spectrum of Judaism," he said. “RZA is one little
slice of the spectrum."

RZA, according to from, also “has a definite
political stand," whereas JSC does not.

Although RZA promotes Jewish awareness and
unity, Berloff said, it focuses much more on issues
concerning the state of Israel.

JSC is an umbrella organization for 11 individual
Jewish groups on campus and serves to help coor-
dinate their activities, said Rabbi Jay Kellman, ad-
visor of JSC. Student Association funds JSC,
which in turn allocates funds to the various groups.
he said.

When asked about JSC's relationship with RZA,
Kellman said that “RZA made a committment in
Fall, 1984 not to co-sponsor any even with JSC.“

However, according to Frome, RZA has co—
sponsored programs with individual groups under
JSC

, RZA differs from JSC. Berloff explained in that
“we don’t like dealing with bureaucracy. We do
what we feel is right overall for the Jewish people
and what will ensure the survival of the Jewish
people.”

stand by them with pride." she added.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

RZA and JSC share aspirations, not methods

Berloff acknowledged that RZA's reputation can
be termed radical. and added that the group does
not get intimidated easily. “We don’t care if we
come under fire,” she said. “We know what we're
doing is right."

“We’ll take attacks from the community and

Berloff was supportive of JSC’s campus-wide
programming efforts, but said they fall short of
promoting the Jewish cause. “It's not enough to
talk about it,” she said. “you have to do things."

“(JS(‘ ’5) big events might be bowling and par-
ties. but we try to make out big events different."
she said.

Berloff said events such as open discussions
about the Jewish cause would be more beneﬁcial.

“There’s so much to do, there's so much that
needs to be done that something like that (bowling
or parties) is not contributing to people‘s iden-
tities.” said Berloff.

Berloff discarded any thoughts of a union bet-
ween RZA and JSC. “Working with (JSC), yes,”
she said, “coming under JSC’s umbrella, never.”

Berloff said she feels there is not personal
animosity between RZA and JSC but that RZA
“feels we have to set examples."

Although Frame said he feels that RZA pro-
grams the way they want, he added that there is “no
reason why RZA can't work as one of the (Jewish)
gorups. They must be willing to respect other
groups and their programming.” he said.

Frome said he foresees “no change with RZA in
the near future." Only a leadership change will
change the course of RZA, he added.

“i hope Jews on campus will work together
whenever possible," Kellman said, “but especially
that they will begin to respect their own diversity."  > »

Kellman said he believes “the Jewish community
on campus mirros the Jewish community at large in
that not everybody agrees with each other.

 

 

.x 1 v -
. 
CHUCK GINSBERO UPS

I JSC adviser Rabbi Jay Keilman
"I hope Jews on campus will work together. "

Matchmaker Project said to fall short of goals

By Lisa Rlzzolo .
STAFF WRITER

The Matchmaker Project, which Stu-
dent Association (SA) started in
September to combat the Albany city
housing shortage has apparently not plac-
ed all participants in ideal housing
situations.

According to SA President Steve
Gawley, the project ,was designed to
develop a list of homeowners who are of.
fering rooms for rent. The list can be ob-
tained in the SA ofﬁce, but students are on

By Leslie Chalt
STAFF WRITER

Dorm residents have until December 2
to break their residence contracts for the
Spring semester. and this could help
alleviate the need for increased occupan-
cles, according to officials in the Ofﬁce
of Residential Life.

“When we enter the fall semester.
housing is at 103 percent of capacity,"
said John Martone, Director of
Residential Life. Through open contract

«r

releases. students are permitted to leave

their own to arrange agreements with
homeowners, he said.

SUNYA junior Lorraine Spears said she
had problems with her matched
homeowner. Spears was informed by the
homeowner she contacted that she would
do occasional housework and babysitting
in exchange for room and board. But when
she moved in. she said. she had been
misled.

“l was babysitting seven days a week,
doing odd jobs, and making dinner three
times a week, and l was carrying 20

Dorm contracts flexible

without penalty. and anotherstudent
living in increased occupancy'is given a
space in normal occupancy, said
Marlene. ' »

There are still his to i50 students liv-
ing in increased occupancies, said Paul
Doyle. Associate Director for Residen-
tial Life. adding that this high number
was responsible for the Fall semester
contract release deadline extension.

The Fall deadline was originally set
for early September and was first ex-
tended until November 1 and then again
to December 2.

during year

credits. The work was supposed to be ar-
ranged around my schedule," she said.

According to Spears. the situation
became more severe when she was ill and
spent a day in the hospital. The family she
lived with was angry because she wasn’t
able to fulﬁll her responsibilities, said
Spears, adding that the night she came
home “he (the homeowner) said, ‘We
want you to pack your things now, and
don't care where you go.’"

“The student is in a vulnerable position.

Even a landlord gives five days notice

Although the Fall deadline was ex-
tended, the number of persons taking
advantage of contract release this
semester has not been greater than
previous semesters, said Doyle. He add-
ed that he did not expect more than an
average number of students to request a
release after this semester.

The number of students that use open
release “depends on the time of the
year,” said Martone. “ For the Fall
semester it can be anywhere from 50 to
100 students who break their contracts.
Whereas in the Spring, the number
varies.

“it is all dependant on whether the

free listings

Life and Times of Harvey Milk
will be presented by GALA
Tuesday, Nova. 19 in CC 375 at
8:30 pm.

Soviet Union Awareness Day
will be held by the World
Jewry branch of the Jewish
Student Coalition on Tuesday.
November 19.

“Where do you keep your
change?" is the topic of a
.ieminlst philanthropist lecture
to be held on Wednesday,
November 20 in Humanities
354 at 12:15 pm. For more in-
iormatlon call 465-3177.

 

The Great American
Smokeout will be held Thurs-
day, November 21. For more
lniormatlon see Students
Against Cancer tables In the
Campus Center Lobby.

Circle K will present Job op-
portunity speaker Bob Pren-
tiss on Wendnesday,
November 20 at 7:30 pm in
Education 123.

The SUNYA Music Depart-
ment will hold a harpsichord
concert ieaturlng Findlay
Cockrell and William Carragan
on Saturday, November 23 at
8:00 pm in PAC Recital Hall.
The Central American Solidari-
ty Alliance will present "In the

Name of the People". a film
about the battle zone of
Gazuapa. El Salvador on Sun-
day. November 24 at 7:00 pm
at the College of St. Rose. For
lniormatlon call Maggi Klrmln
at 438-7041 or 454-5172.

The History of the Mohawk in-
dlans will be discussed by an-
thropologist Dean Snow in an
illustrated lecture on Tuesday,
November 19 at 8:00 pm in LC
7

The Political Science Associa-
tion will be holding a book
sale on the podium from
November 1810 December 11.
The Outing Club presents
Thanksgiving Dippiklll

Blowout. For more informa-
tlon come to Outing Club
meetings each Wednesday at
8:00 pm In LC 22.

Student Linguistic Collo-
quium Tuesday. November 19
at 7:15 pm in CC 354. Papers
will be delivered by five
students. Refreshments will
be served. All students are en-
couraged to attend. For more
lniormatlon call Francine
Frank at 4424161.

New to Start and Run Your
Own Business a discussion
led by New York State
Business Consultant David
Capian will be held in room
250 oi the Capitol Building on

 

November 21 at 12 pm. For in-
formation call Judienne
Charles at 474-3739.
Rock-n-Roll Warfare It will be
held on Saturday, November
23 at JB's Theatre at 9:00 pm.
Free buses will be available.
Tickets are $5 and will be sold
in the CC Lobby.

A New York City Day Trip is
being sponsored by Telethon
on Saturday. November 23.
Tickets will be sold in the CC
Lobby.

Mug Night at Washington
Tavern will be held on Tues-
day. November 28 from 9:00
pm to 1:00 am. Tickets will be
sold In the CC Lobby.

 

 

 

Dormitory on Alumni Quad

 

student wants to get housing off-
eampus," said Martone, adding that
open release gives “students an oppor-
tunity to make a change."

When a student breaks a housing con-
tract, he or she is entitled to a certain
percentage refund of room costs. That
percentage “depends on when the stu—
dent open releases. There is t1 different
percentage that the student gets back
when he open releases when it first
opens than if he releases later in the
semester." said Martone.

Students break their housing con-
tracts for a variety of reasons. said Mur-
tone. Many times it's because the stu-
dent wishes to move off-campus or the
student wishes to live at home. he said.

 

 

Students have until December 2 to break contracts.
l A r - < c

d -. o. .r. was '-r 5’“

~c.~r....

Anything is better than having to leave
right then," Spears said.

Spears said shee believes that the trouble
she had was because of a defect in the pro-
ject. SA “should draw up a contract bet-
ween student and resident, and also screen
homeowners," she said.

SA should “reevaluate the whole
system,” Spears said. “it is an idealistic
concept of solving the housing problem in
one clear sweep. There should be
safeguards for students and employers,"
she added.

The Matchmaker Policy “is just a con-
venience for students." said Gawley. “it is
very, very clearly stated (on the list of
homeowners) that university employees do
not inspect. approve. or supervise
premises." he added.

in response to Spears suggestion to
screen the homeowners, Gawley said “It's
very unfortunate. and i sympathize with
her (Spears) but there is always a possibili-
ty for conflicts." Gawley added that
"there is no screening process that can be
extensive and we just don‘t have the
P.H.D.’s to do that kind of counseling."

Gawley said that contracts are a
possibility. but “it was never our desire to
get into that."

According to Gawley. over a dozen
students have been placed through the
Matchmaker Project.

Lenna Perlman. a part-time student at
the University. said she has found her ex-
perience with the program to be positive.
Perlman is presently babysitting in ex-
change for her room and board.

“When i have tests they know it and
respect it. and we go easy a couple of
days," Perlman said. adding that “it's a
wonderful program."

Perlman said she believes that it is very
important for the student to thoroughly
screen the homeowner and in some cases
contracts may be neccessury.

The program will work. “assuming both
parties are conscientious at making it work
well."‘said Pcrlman. adding that “it is a
very personal thing, and you can't step on
each others toes." "

 

.t.......-..-

