 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl 53sz y', DECEMBER is, 1985 '

NE WS BRIFS

Else W©ﬁiid tag-f

Blacks may own land

Johannesburg, South Africa
-(AP) The government said Wednesday it
will propose next year that blacks be allow-
ed to own land for the first time in 72
years, but the laws will not lift restrictions
on where they can live.

The proposal would apply only to the
approximately one-sixth of the nation’s 24
million blacks who already have the right
to buy transferable 99-year leases on
property.

A prominent white citric of the govern-
ment's racial policies said the announce-
ment was “important to black people in an
emotional way" but was “not a dismantl-
ing of apartheid."

 

Gas injures thousands

New Delhi, lndiu
(AP) A cloud of acrid but non-toxic gas
leaked from a fertilizer factory Wednes-
day, causing thousands of people to panic
the day after the first anniversary of the
Bhopal gas disaster.
Health Ministry officials said more than
340 people were treated in several hospitals

1 I 

 

 

 

for eye and throat irritation. including 280
who were discharged after ﬁrst aid and 62
kept for observation.

Corazon Aquino, or former Sen. Salvador hostage at Concord High School died at a

Laurel in the special presidential election
on Feb. 7.

hospital Wednesday. ,
Louis Cartier died of head and chest

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6,  El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

 

P.A. Sangma, minister of state for
home affairs, told Parliament nine people
were in serious condition. Although the
gas was not life-threatening, doctors said it
could effect the lungs of anyone severely

The Notions iii" I

exposed.

Panic was increased by the fact that the
nation had just finished marking the an-
niversary of the worst industrial accident
in history--the deadly leak of methyl iso-
cyanate gas from Union Carbide's plant in
Bhopal Dec. 3, 1984, that killed more than
2,000 people and injured 300,000.

Marcos chief to stay

Manila, Phillipine:
(AP) President Ferdinand E. Marcos said
Wednesday he would keep Gen. Fabian C.

Air fares plummet

Newark, New Jersey
(AP) People Express Airlines on Wednes-
day announced a new schedule of lowered
fares for ,more than 400 city pairings that
could renew the pre-Christmas fare war
after the holiday season.

The new one-way fares range from $29
between some spots to $99 transcontinen-
tal and trans-Atlantic, and will be good
fromJan. 7 to Feb. 10.

The announcement follows a drop.in
fares to as low as $39 between the New
York area and Florida destinations during

wounds and an autopsy is planned, the
state attorney general’s office said.

Cartier, describedas a loner who had
been teased by classmates because of his
appearance and clothing, walked into the
school Tuesday morning with a shotgun
and ammunition, encountered an assistant
principal after roaming the halls brieﬂy,
then took two boys hostage.

One escaped by promising to get Cartier
a ride, and the other jumped out a window
when the shooting started.

Officers fired when Cartier aimed the
shotgun at 'a teacher who was trying to talk
him into surrende‘ring.

Sailor seeks asylum

Cleveland

' ‘ \'l iijl

 

i
i) “F L" ll ‘iili’r‘.

if. 0""
L—ﬁBANK

'tlili -="r"i natur-

 

Albany Red Cross Director Clair Marein and Fuerza Latina President Nlurka Plon

x5e.-

JOHN CURRY UPS

Ver as his armed forces chief, despite calls
for Ver's dismissal.

Ver, one of 26 defendants acquitted
Monday in the l983 assassination of op-
position leader Benigno Aquino, said he
would not retire.

the pre-Christmas travel lull ending Dec.
18 by People Express, New York Air,
Eastern Airlines and Delta Air Lines.

 

Emery

After the verdict was announced, Mar-
cos reinstated Ver as his military
commander.

Marcos also said he preferred a "one-
on—one" fight with either Aquino's widow,

  

FOR WINTER

9." Use 0%,- 

, L...“

 

c... gmw.” “u. ~m *vwo

Shootout kills teen

Concord, New Hampshire
(AP) A 16-year-old dropout who was shot
by police after he took two students

  
  

l

 
    

wu

  

i

  
 

(AP) A Polish sailor applied for political
asylum in the United States on Wednes-
day, three days after he deserted his ship
while it was unloading steel here.

Leszek Kapsa, 327,'speaking through an
interpreter, said he wanted to stay in the
United States because of its “freedom,
first of all, freedom."

Kapsa, 27, had been a member of
Solidarity, the outlawed union in Poland,
and had thought about jumping ship dur-
ing earlier trips to the United States, said
the Rev. Marian M. Kencik of
Transfiguration Church in Cleveland.

Kapsa, a cook. left the ship Sunday
evening on a shore pass, accompanied by a
Polish citizen who lives in Cleveland and is
also seeking political asylum, said Kencik,
who served as interpreter at a news
conference. ‘

The Strata   

Legislature convenes 1

Albany
(AP) Gov. Mario M. Cuomo Wednesday
ordered a special session of the state
Legislature to convene next week to deal
with medical malpractice insurance
legislation.

While the legislation sought by
Democrat Cuomo is expected to be ap-
proved by the Democratic-controlled state
Assembly at the session that begins Tues-
day, it was rejected by the state’s most
powerful Republican as “Election Day
gimmickry."

"It was a great sacrifice on the part of the students. ”

Fuerza nets $4,542 for MeXico

 

... ...._._ . - I

Sign of the times.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Free llstin gs

A Holiday Craft Show will be
held In the Student Center at
Russell Sage College on Fri-
day, Dec. 6 from 10 am. to 5
pm. and will feature profes-
sional craftsmen. Admission
is free.

Nadir literary and art magazine
is now accepting poetry,
stories and art. Bring any sub-
missions to Nadir's mailbox,
CC 116 by Monday, Dec. 16.
lFG end Speaker’s Forum pre-
sent a 12 hour film festival
from noon to midnight on
Sun., Dec. 8 In LC 18 featuring
Professor William K. Everson
at NYU. Admission is $1.60.

 

   

ﬂ

    

. Bur-«v -. m. 3.. new»

 

. 
J . .
M, W: W 

State Senate Majority Leader Warren
Anderson (R-Binghamton) said Wednes-
day that what Cuomo was proposing just
didn’t go far enough in an attempt to put
new controls on malpractice insurance

 

By Lisa Fllzzolo
srxrr warm:

Fuerza Latina got into the holiday spirit of giving a lit-
tle early this year when it presented the American Red
Cross with a check for $4,542 at a press conference
Wednesday.

The money will be sent to the Mexican Red Cross where
it will be used “to bring people's lives back to normalcy"
after the destructive earthquake which occured in Mexico
on September 19, said Clair Marein, Executive Director
of the Albany Chapter of the American Red Cross.

According to Luis Rivera, Vice President of Fuerza
Latina, the earthquake killed an estimated 5,000 people
and caused billions of dollars in damages to Mexico City.

“When the earthquake happened we jumped and
started raising monqy,"said Rose Ramos, treasurer.
There are about sixty members in the group and it took
them approximately three weeks to raise the money. i am
really excited with what we raised," said President
Niurka Pion. I .

According to Ramos, fundraising activities included a
money box in the Campus Center Lobby, a dance, t-shirt
sales, and a skip-a-meal day.

The skip-a-meal day, on which many on-campus
students gave up their University Auxilary Services dinner
for the cause, raised $4,000. the bulk of the money col-
lected. UAS donated $1.50 for each student who fasted to
Fuerza Latina's efforts.

Lewis Welch. Chair of the Albany Area Red Cross and
SUNYA President of University Affairs said the money

Writing courses may be hiked

By Melissa Knoll

STAFF WRITER
Next year’s frosh class and those
following may find themselves spen-

student may know
ability to write will
dent's attempt at

., piained that it was in the midst of the Vietnam War and

am, Hamilton said that although a

possibly affect the grade.

was,”the check behind the check. it was a great sacriﬁce
on the part of the students."

“The whole school had spirit as well as the communi-
ty," said Ramos. Various restaurants gave discounts on
the night students skipped dinner to those who mentioned

'the disaster in‘Mexico, she said.

When asked why the goal of $5,000 was not reached,
Ramos explained that as a result of Fuerza Latina’s many
other activities, the fundraising became too overwhelm-
ing and titti'e-consuming‘l.‘"'*'-» ‘ - I

At the press conference, University President Vincent
O’Leary spoke about activism on campus in 1968. He ex-

that activism and idealism reached high levels, but for dif-
ferent reasons than today.

“The amount 'of activism and idealism now is every bit
as much as then," he said. “i see idealism every day and i
‘see it new. Fuerza Latina recognized terrible tragedy and
Student did something about it. i'm proud of that at this
institution. They've (Fuerza Latina) done themselves and
this university an honor," he said.

“The spirit that you (Fuerza Latina) show is one for all
of us to watch carefully," said Welch.

Marein said that the money will help in the relocation
of people, distribution of food, and the purchase of
clothing for the earthquake's survivors. She said, “You
(Fuerza Latina) are involved in a historic occasion. it was
a signiﬁcant task to accomplish and significant amount
of money was raised. " E]

the need for students to be able to
write well, he added.

Gawley said he did not expect a
new writing requirement to greatly
increase a student's workload. if

the facts, an in-
hamper that stu- ,
expression and

rates.

 

“Comppsltions for Com-
puters, Synthesizers and
Computer-Controlled Pianos,"
a symposium featuring
Richard Teltalbaum, will be
held at HP! on Monday, Dec. 9
athm.

A $1,000 essay contest for
Juniors is being conducted by
CUE. The topic is "Com-
parable Worth: A dilcmma for
the '1980's." For more into.
contact Celeste Budd.

The Political Science Associa-
tion Is holding a book sale on
the podium through Wednes-
day, Dec. 11.

The Department of Physics
will hold a colloquium on the
“Use of Massively Parallel
Processor for Problems in
Atomic Physics" on Friday,
Dec. 8 at 3 pm. Dr. Surenara

N. Flay will be the guest
speaker.

SUNYA Chamber Singers will
hold the Annual Madrigal Din-
ner on Sat. and Sun., Dec. 14
and 15 at Albany's First
Presbyterian Church. For
more Info call Alton McCloud
at 442-3995.

Auditions for Alumni Quad‘s
production of “Godspell” will
be held Fri., Dec. 6 from 5:30
to 11 pm. and on Saturday,
Dec. 7 and Sun. Dec. 8 from 12
to 5 pm. in the Sayles
Ballroom on Alumni Quad. For
more lnlo. call chh at
455-6644 or Vic at 455-6695.
Third Street Theatre of
Henseelaer will present the
film“Silent Running" on Mon.
Dec. 9 at 7 pm. and 9 pm.
Tickets are $3.50.

Al-Care will hold an Open

House on Fri. Dec. 13 from 4
to 7 pm. with guest speaker,
Ms. Neil Wing. For more Info
call Derlkart Associates at
869-9379.

FPAC will hold a Dinner Party
with Middle Earth Bands and
Dancing on Sun. Dec. 15 at 5
pm. at the American ltallan
Community Center. For more
info call 456-4803.

Chapel House will hold a
Roman Catholic Liturgy on
the weekend of Dec. 14-15 In
the CC Ballroom at 6:30 pm.
The Russell Sage College
libraries located on both the
Troy and Albany campuses
will hold book sales from
Tues. Dec. 3 to Sat. Dec. 7. For
more Info call 445-1721.

The University Community 0r-
chostra and Chorale will per-
form together in a holiday

season concert In the Main

Theatre at the PAC on Tues,

Dec. 10 at 8 pm. Admission is
free.

Rootie Tootle, featuring Eddie
Angel will appear at Pauly'e
Hotel on Thurs. Dec. 12.
Previously scheduled was
Wolfgang and the Demons.
JB's Theatre hold a Holiday
Sock Hop on Sat. Dec. 21 at 9
pm. Appearing will be The
Newports, Jeannie Smith and
the Hurricanes, and Johnny
Rabb and the Jailhouse
Rockers. For more info call
Don Dworkln at 465-7423.
A Dance Marathon will be held
from Fri., Dec. 6 at 7 pm. 10
Sat. Dec. 7 in the Dutch Quad
U-Lounge. Music will be pro-
vided by We from 99 WGFM
and W003. For more Info. call
Renee at 442-6985.

 

 

 

<31

ding more time at their typewriters if
the University Senate approves an
increased writing. requirement this
Spring. '

The proposal, made by Associate
Vice-President for Academic Affairs
and Dean of Undergraduate Studies
Harry Hamilton, will go to the
Senate in February i986 and if pass-
ed will go into effect for incoming
students in the Fall of 1986.

The increased requirements would
demand that students take two
writing intensive courses, one at the
100 or 200 level and another at the
300 level or above.

Currently. only one writing inten-
sive course is required. Most of the
courses are given outside the Depart-
ment of English. “We're hoping
every department will have writing
intensive courses for every major,"
said Hamilton.

"We're concerned with writing
proficiency not only in English class-
es. We want to stress that writing is
important: for lab reports. for
essays, for everything," slated
Hamilton.

Citing the example of a physics ex-

. . . . . -..u..-uav‘ |~--..-.

anything, he said, students will find
that being able to write well will in-
crease their competence in other
courses.

“it is an excellent idea. People
should not only be able to think
logically and express themselves
clearly verbally but. in writing as
well,” stated Gawley. Ci

“The purpose of this is not to in-
crease the difficulty of work for the
students but to increase the stan-
dards," said Hamilton. adding,
“Over the years employers who
receive SUNYA students will find
them better educated, writing proﬁ-
cient employees."

The dcans of two departments as
well as Student Association Presi-
dent Steve Gawley all supported the
idea.

John Webb, Dean of the College
of Social and Behavioral Sciences.
said writing is an inherent part of
academia. "Everyone should have
good, coherent, imaginative prose in
the discipline with which they have a
major," stated Webb.

Daniel Wulff, Dean of the College
of Science and Mathematics, agreed.
“Students enjoy writing more when
it is on topics that interest them,
such as those in their major field of
study. Therefore. writing outside
their English classes will encourage
them to write more, thus improving
their skills."

  

 

I “a UPS

in Hamilton

 

Business profs

are highest paid
among faculty

By David Spaldlng
STAFF WRITER

Salary disparity among SUNYA teaching faculty not
only favors Business School professors, but also il-
lustrates one of the laws of economics: supply and
demand.

“The primary reason is the demand that exists for
business school faculty by the University and the
private sector, and supply,’ said Harvey Kahalas, the
Dean of the School of Business explaining why
business school professors earn higher average salaries
than other faculty at SUNYA. According to Dean
Kahalas this demand has not alays existed, and twenty
years ago business faculty were among the lowest paid,
he said.

Although business faculty are the highest paid at
SUNYA, according to Kahalas, the business faculty
salaries are lower than many other business schools.
“We are competative, but just barely competative with
other quality schools in this region,” he said. Kahalas
added that the adminstratin “is amazed" at the quality
of the faculty recruited considering the potentially
higher salaries offered in the private business sector.

Kahalas also said that despite the higher salaries f the
business faculty, there is not ricction with other
SUNYA departments. “By and large, i think everyone
understands the reality of the market,” he added.

“For the next 20 years there will be an undersupply
and overdemand for business faculty," said Kahalas,
who bsed his estimate on projections from a business
education accredation committee report.

In general, the deans of the other schools at SUNYA
who were interviewed agreed with Kahaslas’ assess-
ment that demand in the business ﬁeld for professors is
high, and this factor accounts for the higher salaries.

Stuart Kirk, the Dean of the School of Social
Welfare said the high salaries of business faculty
reflects the present high demand for a business educa-
tion. He said“ "i ,think it's kind of a neccessary
response to the market.“ ‘ ‘ ‘ ' '  '

“There are disparities among the disciplines at
Universities in general,” Kirk said. “Some people
grumble about that, but it's just a reality of academic
life.”

When asked if there was any “salary competition"
between professors of different schools, Kean Kirk
said, “i'm not aware of it if there is."

Robert Koff, Dean of the school of LEducation said
competitin for competant people in the business field is
probabley responsible for the high salaries of business
faculty. “it’s fair to say that in 5 or 10 years there will
be a glut in the M .P.A. market and competition in that
field will go down." added Koff.

in regards to the salaries of faculty in the School of
Education at SUNYA, Koff said they are competitive
with other education schols. According to Koff, the
faculty at the School of Education are top-notch and
he rates the school’s reputation as excellent.

John Webb, the Dean of the College of Social and
Behavioral Sciences said. “it indicates a higher de-
mand (for business faculty) at this time," to explain the
differences in faculty in salaries among SUNYA's
various schools.

Anybody, who is good in their field is going to be ex-
pensive," said Webb. He added that economics pro-
fessors also earn higher salaries due to the great de-
mand for faculty in that discipline.

Leon Calhoun,ir., the director of Personnel at
SUNYA explained how faculty salaries are determined.
“A dean can't abritrarily determine a salary. There is a
process that leads to salary of approval," he said.

According to Calhoun there is a Request to Fill a
Vacancy form that a dean must complete to fill an
academic position. On the request form a maximum
allowabe salary is attached and the dean can not hire
someone for more titan the maximum alloted. said
Calhoun.

SUNYA has a minimum and maximum salary that
all faculty must fall into said Calhoun. There is a
“hierarchy of academic employment" of five profes-
sional ranks that have their own minimum and max-
imum saslaries, Calhoun added. The ranks are from
highest to lowest: instructor, Lecturer. Assistant Pro-
fessor, Associate Professor, and Full Professor.

How docs Calhoun account for the higher salaries of
the business faculty" "The difference between schools,
in my opinion, reflect the national popularity of the
discipline. There is u greater demand for M.B. Of them
Physical Education teachers, consequently all the
business schools all over the country are in great
demand." ".

 

The new program will formalize

Stresses importance of writing

-‘-...-up.-¢‘p--.....-.-.. . t . - v v .-.-.v.~.~- x . . . . x . . 4 . . .-

 

 

 

