  
 
 

 

  
 

 

Breaking Up
by Yolanda Nave
Workman Publishing, New York
48 pages, $2.95

I reaking Up" is a little comic strip-
B style book that starts with "The
End" and ends with “The Beginn-

ing." Yolanda Nave's guide to surviving a
break up is sarcastic, funny, and really very
clever. it's also pocket sized for those who
may want to keep it on hand at all times.
The book offers advice such as, "As you
pack his socks, keep one from each pair.

 

‘I‘lll FAR SIDE

  

I .. g was Unrvef‘ll Pros: 5mm:

 

 

  

 
  
  
      
 
   
 

 

(Purely for sentimental reasons, of
course)" The reader is reminded that a
single woman can take liberties that were
not possible before the breakup. Nave sug-
gests, "Go to bed with dirty teeth" as a
means of exercising independence.
Breaking Up takes about two minutes to
read, and it is guaranteed to evoke at least a
big smile and probably a few laughs,
whether or not the reader is actually deal-
ing with the transition from "The End" to
"The Beginning."
-—L.G.

By GA RY LARSON

“\’ ’s't' 3.. '\ '

it‘odds'andends and. ‘

«vows-rs v. ‘s‘s's an”

ac

      

  

 

S'epternbet" 19'; 5935

 

when I'left for Albany. After living
,, ~'home and commuting to SUNY~
Stony  for two years, home had

I l was pretty nervous last August!

 fewfjt'e'enagers‘ ‘( who got along with
' m! Patents, and'ictualiy enjoyed their oom-

{ «pany. And whynot‘tI-I‘hey applauded my'

every success and offered sympathy for

l v . myifaiiures. What couldbe better? When I

decided to ttmsfer to Albany, I was a little

' Imprints-about leaving their emotional sup- 1

__  {for'th'e cruel, cold mull“: 0‘

 

.. Rab'ylt stein

become‘awann little cocoon. i was one of '

had left. "Oh God,” I thought, ."i don’t have
a home anymore. Where am going to br-
ing my problems; who am i going to talk
to?" I felt Scared and lost and, insecure.

i temporarily remedied the; §ituation by
turning to my boyfriend. I now looked to
him for that pat on my back for every
small victory.. He became the new dump-
ing ground for myiprobiems. In the beginn-
ing, I thoughti had regained it—. that sense

( of homel.—“with.him‘.'.I-Ie becan'ie my' in- .

stiller,.of confidenceand drier. of tears.
whens-yer anything 'went wrong (or right,

. for that matter) I’d run to the phone to call

him, Just as i had always run to my parents.
For a while,.i think he' liked being needed
so ‘ p ‘ ',, but he eventually tired of

 

at Albany, 1 was surviving quite well, and ;
hadn‘t been stricken by homesickness. as l
had feared. Classes went all right, and i
started to *meet‘ people. Life at school
rambled on. But by the time Thanksgiving
rolled around, i was ready to go home. The
. people I had met at school were nice, but l
' didn‘t feel close to them, or as though i
could confide in them. i was feeling kind of
lonely,vso‘ going home for the holidays
sbunded like just what i needed.

But ’when I got home, something had
drastically changed. My parents seemed to
be totally involved in their lives and only
mildl interested inmine. Life had ob-
vious y gone on without me. News about
school brought only comments like "Oh,
really?” or “That’s nice." They seemed ab-V
sorbed in their own problems and only

‘ marginally concerned with mine. What

happened? What had happened to my sup-
port system? i had come home looking for
some emotional nutrition and went back to

 

’ Albany feeling mo empty than when I

Surprisingly enough, after a few weeks .

 

 

my insecurity and my need for nurturing,
which i's‘n’t all that surprisingHe‘ wanted a
companion. not a'dependent child. I sensed
'this,"and came to loath’e the dependent. role
I had. createdfor myself. i had made him

1 into _my.surrogate parent, and i expected
him to .do all the giving while i did all the

taking. After seeing all the damage this was

doing to our relationship, I made a point of .

trying not to run to him with every little
thing that came up. But who was I to run to
now? Who was gain;’ to make me feel ‘con-
fident in myself and give me a sense of self-
worth? I felt lost and alone all over again
until I realized that there was someone to
go to. Me:

i finally came to the understanding that
this is what growing up is all about. It's
time to solve my own problems and'suppiy
my own pats on the back. Only i‘can instill
a feeling of true self-worth. After a lot of
anxiety and disillusionment; i realized that
being an adult is not having to go
anywhere but inside yourself to get that
confident, secure feeling of "home." Ci

 

 

 
  

 

 

  

 

G 195 Urn-or“! Pres Syndrome

 

 

J l
0 was Umvmul Pm: Syndicate

  
   
    
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
   
  
    
   
  

   
   
  
   

 

 

 

 

"y is It still there "

   

“00W. you tooll Don't tools that thing!"

  

 

 

   
 

    
 

September- 10, 1985

' Much more,

first heard of, experienced (they are
I defi itely an . experience), and
beca‘ihe an’insta'nt fan of Dead Or
Alive when I' was fortunate enough to
have stumbled into the Ritz on East 11th
Street with" some'friends for the band’s
American debut performance in the spring
of 1984. l

Steve Raspa '.

After the Platinum Biondes hadgotten
the crowd's party juices flowing a bit, out
came three of the members of Dead Or
Alive, each painted with black leather
short-shorts, and cut off T’s. it wasn’t until
the vocalist took the stage, though, that I
went into a kind of visual/auditory shock.
He was clad in nothing less (thank
goodness) than a lady's black bikini bottom
and matching cut-off shirt, and he sported a
diamond nose stud and long; kinky-but-
straight hair that blatantly defied the laws
of gravity and hairspray technology. The
real shocker came when I noticed that he
had a pair of‘neatiy shaven legs that made
my girlfriend's eyes bulge With
simultaneous disbelief and envy.

I immediately thought to myself, ’just
great, another Boy George look alike with
an i’ll-dress my-way-onto-the-charts men-
tality.’ After my initial shock and
pessimism had worn off, i regained con-
scious knowledge of what i was hearing
and found the sounds of Dead Or Alive
were not simply to be toe tapped to. Their
music demanded nothing less than all out,
full force party dancing, and knowledge of
the vocalists had nothing to do with it.

The 1970's discoed out, but wildly
wavish and motowm-iaced sounds of songs
like "Do it," “i’d Do Anything," and "Misty
Circles” were physically moving and just
plain fun to hear. By the end of the night
my body had wildly contorted" to every

 

 

‘ song; and i found myself. straining my

vocal chords for an encore which induced
more of the same behavior.

The next day, with aching muscles, i
went to Tower Records and bought the
band’s U.S. debut album, Sophisticated
Boom Boom, (Epic) just to make certain
that the night before's gin and tonics hadn’t
‘disto‘rted my senses. Hearing the album

 
 
     

cuts were upbeat, untamed, very moody
and bursting with dance compelling
energy.

Simply said, what this band did on their
first album is invigorating. The incredibly
disarming and distinctive vocals of Pete
Burns and the innovative playing of Mike
Percy, bass; Steve Coy, percussion,- and
Tim Lever, keyboards; are a match made in
the 1980's dance clubber’s heaven.

Unfortunately, the songs from
Sophisticated Boom Boom never really got
the attention in New York that they should
have. The bands dance floor revamp of the

 

reassured me of my musical instincts. The

K.C. and the Sunshine Band mid-70’s hit

urchin, and w: iﬁr r5,

alive than dead

 

 
    
  
 
 

VJ» immediately
V thought to myself,
’J'ust great, another
Boy George look
alike with an 111.
dress-my-way-onto-

the-charts mentality. ’ , ,

  
   

on Tuesday 13

less of the Motown sound that the backups
had supplied on Sophisticated Boom
Boom. Youthquake is also more market
geared with more polished sounding
loge/relationship songs that, though i shad
der to say, certainly classify as new pop
material.

This is not to say that this album is not
good. I think it‘s a great dance Work, but
some of the unpredictability that was so
enjoyable of the band's first album has
been lost. i attribute this to the different
mixing engineers used and perhaps to an
understandable desire by the band for
more acceptance and a share of the big pro-
fits that POPularity can bring.

"In Too Deep" and the international
dance floor hit "You Spin Me Round” (a
top ten in half a dozen countries) have got-
ten the most play and are probably the
most infectious songs on the album. "In
Too Deep" lacks the raw energy it should
have, but what this song lacks, “Lover
Come Back To Me” has in excess. “Cake

V and Eat it’.’ and ’fit’s Been a Long Time” are
interesting songs that haven’t gotten much
play as of yet, but show that the band is
more capable of diversifying.

Sophisticated Boom Boom successfully
injects a Middle Eastern Sound into the
band’s sound, while the slowest song on

 

"That’s the Way (1 Like it)," was the only
song to be scooped up by New York club
DJ’s, although "l’d Do Anything” got I
limited airplay and "Misty Circles" became
somewhat of an American cult dance floor
hit.

Youthuake is a revamped version of Led
Zeppelin's classic, "Rock and Roll", com-
plete with, among other things, electronic
voice and piano. "Big Daddy of the
Rhythm” is guaranteed to keep the am-
bitious dancer breathing heavy and has the
kind of abrupt start finish that made
the songs on Sophisticate? Boom Boom so
much fun. The remaining three songs on
the album: "I Wanna Be a Toy”, "DJ. Hit
That Button", and "My Heart Goes Bang”
are less musically striking than the album's
six other cuts, but are still very listenable.

All in all, Dead Or Alive is outrageously
entertaining, and You‘thquake is complete-
ly energetic and danceable. Youthquake is

 

Now, after six years of playing the club
circuit, it seems as if this Liverpool born‘
band has finally shaken hands with su:cess.
Dead Or Alive’s second Epic album Youth-
quake has found itself a far larger audience '
than its predecessor. The cuts on this album
once again merge a '70's disco sound with
pulsating, electronic wave, but do so with

 

 

probably also a good indication of what
Dead Or Alive will be doing in the future
and is actually worth the insane amount of
money they're getting for LP’s these days.
if you have the chance though, i would
strongly recommend that you experience
the band the way it was truly meant to
be——- ALIVE. Cl

Inscribingasecond season

omorrow, September 11, marks the

first anniversary of the New York

State Writer's institute. A year ago
tomorrow, Governor Mario Cuomo signed
a bill to mandate the institute as a perma-
nent, state-supported organization to be
located here at SUNYA. To fulfill its mis-
sion, the Writer’s institute will continue
with the successful programs instituted last
year, and include some new projects in this
year's schedule.

 

Loren Ginsberg

 

 

 

 

 

  

Willlam onnody

According to law, the New York State
Writer’s Institute is mandated "to en-
courage the development of writing skills
at all levels of education throughout the
state, to provide a milieu for established
and aspiring writers to work together to
encourage the development of, and in-
crease the freedom of, the artistic imagina-
tion of this art in the state of New York.”
The organization is situated in Albany, but
it is technically a state agency affiliated
with the SUNY system. Jeanne Finley,
Assistant to the Director of the New York
State Writer's institute, explains, "Our core
constituency is this university, since we are
located here; but part of our mandate is to
be involved in education throughout the
state. We hope to reach as much of New
York as we can."

Last year the institute brought between
20 and 25 writers to Albany through the
Visiting Writers Series. The series cm-
phasizcd Latin American literature and
writing. The i’uerto Ricun Writer's Festival
was also a major part of the institute’s
schedule. '

William Kennedy, Pulitzer Prize winn-
ing author and Director of the New York
State Writer’s institute, and Tom Smith,
Associate Director, are responsible for
choosing the writers. “Bill has personal con-
nections all over, and Tom has read
everybody,” says Finley. "Between the two
they do the programming for the Visiting
Writer’s Series. They are very open to sum-
gestions from the literary comm

faculty and students.”

This year the institute will introduce a
new program of writers-in-residence. For
the fall semester, irish poet John Montague
will be a writer in residence from late
September through October. American
poet and journalist Carolyn Forche will
return after an enthusiastic reception as. a
visiting writer last spring. Forche will be in

.residence from October 28 through
December 12.
Writers-in-residence will work with

students individually on manuscripts and
possibly teach quarter_courses through the
English department for credit. John Mon.
tague is scheduled to teach a non-credit
course open to the community as well as
University students. The writers will also
give public lectures or readings of their
work at SUNYA and at other colleges
throughout New York State. This unique
program of one day mini-residencies at

‘ private and SUNY schools is a part of the
institute's effort to expand their influence
beyond the Albany community. The
Writer's insiiuiutu will pay fees to the
writer during these visits, while the other
institution or college pays for travel and
overnight lodging.

“Also this year we are ready to kick off a
new film . and screenwriting program,"
reports Finey. "We don't know yet what
directors will be able to come, but it will
happen soon.” Film artists will probably be
In residence for a few days.

The Writer’s institute will also co-
"nonsor with the Capitol District

 

 

Humanitites Program the world premiere
of a new play by Toni Morrison. The play
will be produced by Capitol Repertory
Company from January 4 through
February 2. to commemorate Martin Luther
King's birthday and Albany's tricentenniai.

The emphasis of the visiting writers
series does not concentrate on any one
cultural group this year. “it’s really mixed,"
Finley comments. "We have a German
poet, an irish poet, a Hungarian novelist,
and some real humdingers for the spring.
Our really big names for the fall seem to be
Americans.” The rough fall schedule or
visiting writers is as follows:

September 18: Alison Lurie
September 19: Nicholosa Mohr
Mid October: William Styron
Late October: Jurg chcrspicl
October 24: Amy Hcmpci
November iii: Josef Skvorecky
November 3!: William Hunt
December 15; Gracc i’nlcy

Jeanne i‘iniey tools that the second
season of the Visiting Writers Series will be
well-received, as was the first season. “The
lectures were Well attended by both facul-
ty and students," she says. “We also reach-
ed the literary community and the arts
community." The Writer's Institute will
celebrate their first anniversary by beginn-
ing a promising program to continue to
fulfill its commitment to writing and the
allied arts. [.3

