 

   
 

 

   

6 Sports October ALPANX STUDENT RRESS D TUESDA r. carcass 29.1985.

 

 

 

Student association ls Working
For You!
The Contact Office Is
Now Open M-F From 9-4!

Test Bank Hours fire
Monday 9 - 11

Tuesday 6: Thursday
10 - 1, 3 - 4

FIND

Peer advisement Is Here!

Confused about Your Schedule?

 

Jinx. 5a},
‘». 7.“ ‘ . ' .

   

Come To The Stu

For H List Of Peer ﬁdvisors

For More Information Call 652-5650

 

 

 

 

       

dent Fissociation (CCT 16)

 

 

 

 

 

 

THIS WEEK ONLY.

HUGE SAVINGS 50-70% OFF

Lllrrti mun ilu- I... ltlty mu.»

LUGGAGE o LEATHER GOOGS

‘n‘tl/l ’ MAVL'

Wummmwmmcwmmco..sm~m.wmwulmmon~m ble- M-

M“ mm“ new FASHION TOTE BAGS
"LLAMA" COLLECTION

 

 

   

" NNI
JEW‘MWLG.__ .
amateur nos mum sAns snoucou nos Doubt! "mm mm
mu on“ now-
$29.”  I” I.” : usual-an Inounlll mun
Sun an in - Sun a... In- Sun. m m- E " "’ mm'“

    

 

n- m Datum
ATTACH! CA3!

My»:
m mm comm rem ma comic!
_ _ runn- mo
. 1"I' » ﬁnes. AWnIln-lnlll'

 

ax"-Ir'nlﬂ".
Cam-- in sum-a colon.

A will an: nun
in m “ECUTWEI

 

 

     

rigs-n.

 

 

‘PICIAL PURCHAII

 

Sag]: Rat-ll Sale Price

:?:'.':I?.'..'.:E... Fun Grain Leather Brlsicasos — $175.00 $31.00
Z;;tf';.?,“"" Luther Alligator Grain Briaicssas — $189.95 $32M:
"‘°“‘""' “‘5 Tweed Garment Bags. Club Bags. Suitcases. — SAVE 70% OFF

Leather Hand Bags — SAVE 70% OFF

 

 

 

SHOP NOW FOR CHRISTMAS

SPONSORED BY:
ALBANY "ATE RUGBY CLUB
MON. ~ FRI. 9 AM TO 3 PM. OCTOBER 28 - NOVEMBER I
10“ mm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MEET THE
CANDIDATES
NIGHT

 

Featuring Mayor Thomas Whalen

 

Campus Center Ballroom
7:30 PM
Sunday, Nov. 3

 

FREE WINE END CHEESE
RECEPTION

 

Sponsored by Student Actlon and UAS

 

 

UCB

Presents
ﬁn Evening With

T64].
@E.
@U NEEDEEI

@3339 @@T

Featuring FilRTO
MOREIRG

In The Palace Theatreﬁlbany
Wed.. Nov 6. 8p.m.

Tickets available Thurs. Oct 24 at CC.

Strawberries 8 The Palace Theatre
tickets are $1 with student tax card

 

 

 

 

 

s I 0 without

 

 

.a» e~ngmw;-\u~mym*iﬂmﬁﬂi”‘ L '

    
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

was! or

.—_—

task
A

IA

or“!

‘r’ r. ‘wcv
.

 

Strat-o-matic lever runs rampant

By Stuart Hack

There‘s a disease that's spreading across campus
which is lowering GPA's faster than a Dwight
Gooden fastball. Some of the symptoms are checking
the boxscores to make sure your number one draft
choice is making you look good. constantly picking
up dice (except in casinos). having sleepless nights
wondering why Rance Mulliniks can’t hit lefties. and
telling your girlfriend you can‘t come over because
you’re in the middle of a big game. but that you can
use her to keep stats. The name of this disease is

- Snatophrenia. which is the continous playing of Strat-

O-Matic Baseball (hence refered to as S-O-M).

For those who don't know. S-O-M is a dice game
which is based on the actual statistics of Major
League Baseball. Each pla er has their own personal
card with a basic side for eginners and an advanced
side for addicts. You are the manager. You can hit and
run. bunt. pinch hit. and even take Reggie Jackson out
of rightfield in the middle of a game without having
to give an explanation.

My cousins didn't realize that they were giving an
alcoholic his ﬁrst drink in 1976 when they bought me
S-O-M for my 13th birthday. I soon fell in love. I
started playing day and night. I organized my own
leagues and got some friends hooked. starting
leagues with them. I even joined a Play-by-Mail
League which was‘my only sour experience with S-
O-M. In a Play-by-Mail League you never play anyone
face to face. Half of your record is in the hands of an
opposing manager. Needless to say. cheating was
popular.

In 1981. I entered SUNYA. I made the tough
decision to leave the game at home. Playing S-O<M
would only take place during vacations and holidays.
It's always tough for a freshman being away from the
one you love. ‘

I was finally starting to adjust when, in the spring
semester of my sophomore year. I overheard a
conversation between two of my friends. They were
talking about starting an S-O-M league. My hands
started to shake and I started to have heart
palpitations. When they asked me if I wanted to play.
I couldn‘t answer until I was released from Albany
Med.

My ﬁrst league in SUNYA was an eight team. two
division set-up. The top two teams in each division
would have a playoff with the winners matching off

Look out NJ, herecome

By Rob Isbitts

I love hockey. There is no other game you can
watch and feel two totally opposite emotions
simultaneously. You can admire the skating skill. the
ﬂuidity. the artistry of the game. while at the same
time jump out of your seat and yell Obscenities at the
television about a cheap shot or poor officiating.

It is a sport in which few people possess even a
limited amount of skill and fewer
can play well. For example. you can
put ten college males on a basketball Time
court. give them a ball and tell them
to play. They will probably show out
some degree of organization. and
one or two might perform well.

But put these some ten people on ice. equipped
with skates to play hockey. and you can forget about
a competitive game. Be content if half of them can
stand up.

As for the goalies. I left them out because in
addition to possessing greater balance. reﬂexes and
leg strength than the regular skaters. these guy are
nuts. But I admire the netkeeper. In fact. I carry a
great deal of respect for anyone who has the ability to
play this ame well.

I miss hockey it here. I'm from Northern New
Jersey (save the jo es about highways or chemical

lants please) so besides having the Devils in my
backyard. the Rangers and Islanders are within
driving distance — a real hockey hotbed. I know that
many students share the pangs I experience every
winter when the NHL season gets underway and I
am unable to attend games. Oh. there's hocke in the
Capital District. But Glens Falls, home of t e lied
Wings' minor league franchise is a bit of a trip and

 

russm liftiSi'Bliaé 2323355"  rain/assay page 

in a Quad Series. Using the 1982 cards. the eight of us
had an all out draft. which took almost five hours.
We were to play a 48 hour game season. I started
slowly.

playing about .500 ball for half the year. After 38
games. I was still only 18-20. and to make matters

worse. I had just lost Mike Schmidt for the rest of the i h I

season (yes. injuries do occur in S-O-M).

Needing desperately to make a move. I traded Gary
Ward and Tim Wallach for Lee Lacy and Toby
Harrah. I won my last two games with both players
hitting over .400 the rest of the way. The season
ended in a disappointment as I was swept in the
playoﬂ's.

The next league I joined was in the spring of my
junior year. Many of the same guys who played in

the ﬁrst league returned along with some of WCDB's’

ﬁnest sportscasters. This league. after starting strong.
ﬁzzled just before finals week. Again I was near the
top of my league due primarily to my bullpen of Lee
Smith. Carlos Ortiz. and Steve Howe. Whenever I
would bring Howe into a game. my suitemates would
play the song “White Lines" and pour sugar all over
his card.

In the fall semester of my senior year. we tried
something different. Instead of drafting players. we
drafted two teams each. My two teams were the 1983
Tigers and Mets, which was just before they both
achieved greatness. Again. I lost in the pla offs. I was
getting the reputation for choking in the ig games.

Last spring was the big semester for us. Six of the
managers were seniors and were all very hungry for
victory. The draft was a two day. six hour event.
Since we no longer could hold it in a suite. we had to
move it to a classroom. The 30 round draft opened
with Mark Robarge picking Dwight Gooden. Robarge
was so elated that for some reason he drafted Ron
Darling three rounds later. Larry 'Mr. Cub' Fox was
next and we all thought for sure that he would take
Ryne Sandberg. However. he crossed us all up and
picked Cal Ripken. I had the seventh pick and was
stuck with Dave Winfield.

Each of the teams had their own identity. My
suitemate. Mike Schiff. went for power. drafting
Dave Kingman. Mike Schmidt. jeff Leonard. Tony
Armas. and Gary Carter. Mark Wilgard went for
speed. picking Ryan Sandberg. Ricky Henderson. and
Terry Pendleton. Rob Isbitts had players who hit for
high average but had little power. Adam Goodman

RPI sells out long before any of us gets a shot at
decent seats.

Well. there's always Albany State hockey. What?
Albany has a hockey teamil Super. who do we play.
RPI and Michigan? No. it‘s more like Binghamton and
Cortland. But a couple of SONY rivalries may be just
what the team physician ordered.

You see. the team spent last season trying to pick
up games whenever the could. This time around. it‘s

 

 

stayed in the race with Willie Hernandez and Wally
Backman. I went once again for a good bullpen.
taking Bruce Sutter. Dave Righetti, and Ted Power.

Unfortunately. we tried a 54 game schedule and
half the teams were unable to finish. I did have a
mock World Series with Mike Schiff but lost in six
games.

We were a most interesting group of men. Men
who played until the wee hours of the morning.
getting by with just a Dominos Pizza and a six pack of
Un‘ca Club. Men who would play regardless of
upcoming tests. big dates. or Frat meetings. Ten years
from now. when we’re all doctors. lawyers. dentists.
and accountants. we should all get together for that
ultimate league. A league that will blow the others
away. But in the meantime. I'll just have to ponder
the all-important question of why does Tom Seaver
give up more home runs against right-handed batters
than he does against lefties.

 

When Stuart Hack isn 't playing Strat-O-Matr'c. he is
a Masters student ofAccoun ting here at SUNYA.

the Danes

a very different story. Albany will be playing
legitimate Division III schools. and will participate on
an organized conference with a regular season and
playoffs.

In short. the games mean more both in terms of
competition and record. Playing in a "real" league has
another important benefit; it will attract high school
hockey players to this school. which will lead the
program into turning not just Division III. but maybe
even Division II, a la Brockport. Plattsburgh and
Union.

I'm sorry to say that I won't be here to see it
develop.

One person who has seen all of this develop to its
present state is Paul Ii. Essner. the Team President. I
honestly don't know Paul's middle name. The H
could very well stand for "hype".

Paul is a very energetic guy. always thinking up
new ways to do things and promote them. If you
want proof. just stop and ask him what's going on
with the team lately. You'll see what I mean. Paul has
some things planned for the team's home opener
(November 9) that makes you want to see this team.
especially if you're skeptical. And along those same
lines. I'm happy to tell you that my team. WCDII
Sports. will be broadcasting and covering Albany
State hockey starting sometime in November.

Ice hockey is long overdue at SUNYA. Now that it
has arrived. I'm confident that. if given a fair trial by
the student body. the "Skating Danes" will prove to
be a team well worth watching.

 

When Rob Isn't working at the chemical plant in
his hometown of Fairla wn. N. 1., he's Sports Director
at WCDB

