 

MY TURN

Curing ‘Sophomore Slump’

By SETH RACHLIN

 

 

 

othing ever changes. At least it
N seemed that way to me last year at

about this time as I sat in my dorm
room. planning a cottrse schedule for what
was to be the fall term of my junior year.
My third year of college offered me really
nothing at all to look forward to. Same
old courses; same old tests and papers.—
how tnany compare-and-contrast numbers
would I crank out next year?—-same old
parties. rotten food. It all scented so bleak.

The schedule I created was the perfect
testament to my malaise. I allotted myself a
whopping 10 hours ofclasses. all ofthem in
the afternoon. with Thursdays and Fridays
off. To make matters even less taxing. I
chose courses that had nary a midterm or
tinal. It was perhaps the easiest term a stu~
dent at my school could schedule for him-
self—a way of staying in college without
really being a student.

I was burned out. Fourteen years of read-
in‘. writin‘ and ‘rithmetic had taken their
toll. I had had enough, at least fora while. I
needed to do something else. to get away
from endless piles of reserve reading and
noisy dorms. l was clearly wasting my time
at college. And at $ 1 5.000 a year. time is. as
the saying goes. a terrible thing to waste.

The alternative. a year‘s leave of absence.
didn‘t seem very inviting. I would be dis-
rupting my education. I would no longer be.
a member of the class of '86. Would l like
my time oll‘so nmch that I wouldn't want to
return to school? I weighed this question
seriously. One day I had decided to take the
year oil'. The next day I had decided to stay
and hope that things would get better.

a the end. I made what I think was the
logical choice. The risk that I might not
return to school was well worth taking.
set against the probability that I would
contimte being miserable. 'I‘ltc dean of the
college helped me make up my mind. He
explained that burnout was common
among students. especially toward the end
oftheir sophomore year. He said that most
students who take time otl‘because of burn-
out do rcturn after a year. He wished me the
best ofluck in my year otl‘.
And so. after my last tinal in May. I was
for the tirst time in my memory no longer a
student. It felt strange but, as the dean ltad

predicted. l was not alone. One friend of

mine went off to Paris to model; a couple of
others. to Boston to sell computers; a few
more. to Europe to study or travel. Mean-
while. I was busy setting up shop in my own
studio apartment where I had proclaimed
myself. at least for theduration ofthe year, a
free-lance writer. Whatever we were doing,
it sure beat tnicroeconomics.

In the past year I have both succeeded
and failed. I've written several articles
that have been published in national
and local magazines. and I‘ve written
several that have found a home only in
the deep recesses of my ﬁles. I have started
work on three different novels. The ﬁrst
two didn't make it through the outline
stages; the third I hope to ﬁnish by the timel
go back to school in September.

 

 

 

The clean said that
student burnout was
common and wished
me the best of luck
in my year off.

 

I‘ve also had many experiences that can‘t
be classified as successes or failures, but for
which I‘m glad. I've done promotion tours
in association with one of my projects,
lunched with various editors, agents and
lawyers. Forarticles. I‘veintervicwed inter-
esting and not-so-intcrcsting people.

Educationally speaking, I consider this
year otfas valuable as any I‘ve spent hitting
the books. My writingas wellas my business
acumen has developed. I‘ve had the oppor-
tunity to get a hands-on view ofwhat may be
my future profession—with the advantage
of two more years in college to better pre-
pare for it. And I've learned better how to
deal with the many failures as well as the
successes that come with any endeavor.

Apart from the-opportunity to pursue my
career as a writer. this year has also afforded
meanother luxury l was unable to enjoy as a
student: free time. Fora student. free time is
scarce. Between the demands of attending
clas' ‘s. the demands of various assign-
ments. the demands ol'organizations whose
meetings and events require loyal attend-

ance. the demands of a campus job, free time
is treasured and reserved for such luxuries
as sleep.

As a nonstudent this year. I have had
more free time than ever before. I have been
able to read the books I've always wanted to
read but never had time for. I've been able
to see the movies that never seemed to come
to campus. And after all the years ofrcsolv-
ing to get in shape and doing nothing about
it, I have ﬁnally managed to work out this
year on a regular basis.

T hat is not to say that my experience
this year has been all fun and frolic.
Though free from academic pres-
sure. I have faced the continuing crisis of
staying aﬂoat ﬁnancially. Faced with a
monthly barrage of bills. I‘ve learned that
throwing out one set of worries—in this
case, those of the academic variety—:just
clears the road forothers tocome your way.

Another unavoidable consequence of
being college age in an adult world is a
certain degree of loneliness, a feeling of
isolation from friends and acquaintances.
Big-city life did not offer me streams of
college-age people dying to make my ac-

. ' ‘ Coming from an environment
where I was always around people. where I
always had parties to go to. people knock-
ing at my door and roommates who would
listen whenever I felt like talking. I found
the “I'll leave you alone" attitude of the
city a bit disheartening.

I‘m well aware that taking a year olfis not
the right answer for everyone. But there is
little doubt that this leave of absence has
been a positive experience for me. I‘ve had
thechance to meet peopleand do things that
I used to sit in the reserve room daydream-
ing about. I‘ve had the free time to explore
new interests and rediscover old ones that I
had been forced to put aside while at school.

The most important result ofthis year off
is much more simple: I want to go back
and finish college. There is no more anxi-
ety. no more desire to escape. no more
sense ofimpendiag boredom. I‘m cured of
burnout. Who knows. maybe I'll even take
a Friday class.

Seth Roch/in. who will be a junior next
ﬁll] at Princeton. ix lllt‘ coauthor of “Where
the Girls Are ’l'oduy. "

 

 

 

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MAY 1985

){tltlt‘ till mum.- lilnts. films so rill." p. so

«positive. tltt-y'lla upturn all lllt' ltltt'h
' “mill plates llt.tt__lill| your tollt-“t- ymts
for you \\'on't.ltn;;t-l tltt‘ \\'._t'yrytn't \\'t'll'

‘YitIt/ll/{f/l/ll‘l. \Bama‘t' fillies/04‘s" lit!

y'rt'



L

 

