 

.wﬁWﬁi‘ipé 5’4"

 

"  ALBANY STUDENTPRESS Cl ,' TUESDA Y; MARCH'J,‘ l985

 

 

Anti-porn rally earlier this

cunts onsmt UPs‘

, “Pornography can either be blatant or subtle. ”

“Panelists scrutinize many facets of arms-race

By Charles Coon

' Bombs were flying across the
Sayles Ballroom downtown last
Wedesday night. The battlefield
was “Arms Negotiations and the
Arms Race" and the bombs were
the viewpoints of the six members
participating in the panel
discussion.

The forum, which was organiz-
ed as the RA project of Brandon
E. Fletcher, 21 senior in the
Rockefeller College Political
Science program. drew an au-
dience of about 35 people.

in her opening statement.
Political Science professor. Dr.
Anne T. Sloan asserted. "Arms
control has been seen as a failure

because it has not met public ex- .

New ‘dishes’ bring varied programs .

By J.C. Hayden

for Facilities Dennis Stevens.
The first of three new

Communications Center

cotnmttnity. said Van Patten.

according to (Tlturlcs

The installation of three new telecom-
munications stations all to be opera-
tional by April will have the University
“moving ahead into the 20th Century."
according to Assistant Vice President

"dishes"
located in the field behind the Education
Building will enable the Educational
(ECC) to
receive 22 different programs from l8
separate satellites, according to Grant
Van Patten. who is in charge of the
technical aspects of the operation.

The second station. which is presently
located on top of the Campus Center.
will actually be a renovation of the pre-
sent system said Van Patten. The dish
will be converted frotn a low-frequency
receiver to a higher frequency which will
allow more programs to be accessible,
he said. Once in service. there will be a
variety of educational. etnertuintncnt.
attd sports programs available to the
pttbiic at large as well as the University

The two ii('(.‘ dishes are intended to of
be used cheaply for tclc-coui'crcncing.
ittMull‘a,
'i‘cchnicttl (mutations Supervisor lot the

pectations. Expectations have
been for a cutback. There hasn't
been that...The prospects for
amrs control are low. and the pro-
spects for an arms race are on the
increase."

History professor. Dr. Richard
T. Kendall said, “I think we
should get out of the arms

race...i'm not worried about the

question of a piece of hardware or
new hardware coming
along...The central point for me
is that we (the US. and the
USSR) have an inability to talk
our way out of our mutual pro-
blem. We've institutionalized
apocalyptic warfare."
Philip D'Elia. a
SUNYA representative

former

will allow groups or organizations to
hold conferences in conjunction with
national and regional organizations.

to LaMalfa.

According
fcrcnces will include
and one-way video

SUNYA is a member of the National
University Tele-Conference Network
(WUTN). ltc said. which includes 70 ’
universities nationwide. '

cit

Atmospheric Science

telephone cables,

wires.
proximately

about
“more economical."

 

Feminist Alliance is reborn 

more clearly defined objectives

By Pam Conway _ .
After a period of disorganization, the Feminist

. Alliance (FA) has regrouped and strengthened itself

in an, effort to more effectively address issues of
concern to women at SUNYA.

According to FA co-chairs Maris Delmonaco and
Judy Williams. the organization had previously suf-
fered setbacks because of internai'fragmentation
and a lack of a clear set of goals. which left FA
unable to fully serve the needs of women and
feminists on campus.

Under the direction of Delmonaco and Williams.
an effort is now underway to strengthen the group
and FA members plan to address issues currently of
importance to all members of the SUNYA com-
munity. Said Williams. “The basic goal of FA is to

get all different types of feminists in a coalition to '

deal with issues such as sexism, racism. anti-
semitism, classism. and homophobia.”

The FA co-chairs also stated that they are
presently trying to attract various feminist interest
groups in order to create a more diverse and effec-
tive organization. To accomplish this. FA has join-
ed forces with other on-campus groups with similar
goals.

One such group is the Coalition Against Por-
nography (CAP). which works on the issue of por-
nography and its exploitation of women. According
to CAP's co-chair Ken Dornbaum. CAP's main
goal is to “educate SUNY students about the
adverse effects of pornography."

Dornbaum said that CAP is now working as a
subcommittee of FA in order to more effectively
combat pornography and. although CAP is still an
independent organization, they are operating with

state board of the New York

undertainty. so we have ‘placed

funds allotted from FA’s budget. '

in the past. CAP‘has attempted to fight por-
nography through protesting films shown on cam-
pus-which it felt were explicit and exploitative of
women. '

CAP has staged demonstrations against the‘

showing of The Opening of Misty‘Beethoven and is
also planning to protest the upcoming movie Bad
Double. ‘ =_

in addition. according to Dornbaum, CAP is
working to have all pornographic materials remov-
ed from the bookstore and is bringing slide shows
from the group Women Against Pornography to
campus.

Williams asserted that “pornography can be
either blatant or subtle" and statesithat FA plans to
work against both. 5 '

Along with the issues of pornography and sex-
ism. FA also plans to address the topics of female
sexuality and the needs of the lesbian community
and they are planning many events in the future to
address these and other topics. '

in March. FA will sponsor a lecture and discus-
sion by singer Karen Beth, 'and author Pam
McAllister will talk about her book Reweaving the
Web which deals with non-violence and feminism.
Also in March will be lectures on abortion by Bon-
nie Steinback and Carol Reichart. a community
organizer for family planning.

“images of Women and Peace" will be presented
in April by Judith McDaniel. Barbara Smith and
Beth Brandt, and the issue of black women in the
civil rights movement will be addressed by graduate
student Coiia Clark. ‘ ' " t ‘ Cl

:14.»

nuclear war." He maintained that

 

The third station will be located n
to the dish that is now behind the,
Education Building. its function, accori
ding to Atmospheric Science Professor
Lance Bosart, will be to receive infor-
mation..sent via satellite. from the Na-
tional Weather Service. At present. the

tains this information by means of
bttt, said Bosart,
because of increases of $300 per month
in the cost of service. itlwas no longer
feasible to continue using the telephone

The cost of this “weather dish" is ap-
$3.600,
iiosart. and will have a payback period
18 months.

have an opportunity 
more information." Bosart said Mon-

Publie interest Research Group.
characterized the arms race as “a
game. with the time clock running
out." D’Elia says tli'e"U.S. and
the USSR are both trying to “win
the race" but noted that “there is
little agreement on what the rules
are...The basic ground rules are
not agreed upon." D’Elia added
that until the us. and USSR
“agree on what the rules are. we
face a very uncertain future."
Steven J. Korowitz. secretary
of Albany State College
Republicans said. “we come with
a way of institutionalizing arms
talks. The way we do this is to
make nuclear weapons ob-

to the. solete...Wc are in an age of

our trust in an ideology. Mutual

Assured Destruction. What we:

are saying by that is ‘if you blow
me up. l'll blow you up.’ and it
has 'worked so far
nobody wants to get blown up.“

Korowitz added. “we should
aim for a defensive shield...we
need to make nuclear weapons
obsolete. Once nuclear devices are

‘obsolete. we can dismantle them,

take they away from the human
race. and thus we have ou

disarmament.” -

J. Michael Harrison of the
Lawyer‘s Alliance for Nuclear
Arms Control asserted. “our
futitre and our very survival

because '

new technology. the weaponalza-
tion _of space and currentescala-
tion- of‘the arms race is making
the prospects of nuclear war more
 .s '4.” ‘llii‘J'J't'l in il":.'
“Arms control, and
agreements that would provide
stability, are going to be necessary
to halt this drift towards nuclear
war. if we don't have thesekinds
of agreements. " the new
technology and the new
weaponization will take place and
will leave us in a miteh less stable
situation with more likelihood of
nuclear war," Harrison stated.
“The US. government today is
dominated by a philosophy wlaich
.1

 

the con-
two-way audio.
communication.

Department ob-

uccording to-
ile termed it
and added. "We
to acquire

11"

it)

 

Newsebllttedlsh behind 5999990" Bu'ldlno
Albany mm us into the Ili'L'IlliL'ffl century

deBends on the avoidance of 'I

 

By Patrick J. Paul
SUNYA seniors may no longer have to

‘ guess whether or not they have enough

'credits for graduation when a new com-

puter service is put into operation. possibly"

by May 1986.

Preliminary tests of the program called‘

ADAPT could take place this spring, ac-
cording to Associate Dean. for
Undergraduate Education Leonard
Lapinski.

A similar .system of "technical advise-
ment." as it was referred to by Bob Gib-
son. director .of the Center for
Undergraduate Education. is already in
use at Tulane University in New Orleans.
Lapinski said the system's creator.
William .Franzcn, has been ‘ making

periodic visits to the University to deter- '

mine what would be best for this campus.

The program would provide students.
Lapinski said. with a data'slteet of speciﬁc
remaining degree requirements.

Research on this new program was ac-
tively‘ started two years ago. Lapinski said.
in an effort to improve and update the cui-
rent advisement system. lt.is an offshoot
of the Student information and Records

. System (SIRS). which is an attempt to cen-
tralize all student records under one pro-
gram. Currently. ' a student's academic
records are not stored in the same system
as their personal records and it is often a
time consuming process to locate specific

s

data, added'Lapinski. —-- ‘ .

University President Vincent O‘Leary
appointed a steering committee two years
ago to try to design a better system. said
’Lapinski, who is. one of the members of
the committee along with Nancy Woiters.
Assistant to the Registrar for Degree
Clearance.

Lapinski said the .‘new system is
necessary because “something is lacking
somewhere.’ ' and called the current system
“inadequate.” Gibson added. ADAPT
will make a distinct improvement in. the
current advancement system by relieving
the advisor of the technical aépect. thus
leaving the particular advisor with more
time for personal advice." He added.
“Students don’t ask the right questions
and this new system will answer their
unasked questions." '

Because the system . is still being
modiﬁed by Franzen and many decisions
have yet to be finalized. Wolters was un-
willing to make any statements on the pro-

gram. at this time.

Lapinski also expressed reluctance to
discuss ADAPT. primarily, he said,
because he did not want to be “inundated
by queries that could not be propoerly
answered until a later date when a press
release will be given."

“The goal of the committee is to
develop a system of centralized student in-
formation." explained Lapinski. saying

TUESDA Y.- MARCH/5. I985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS: 5

"Solutionso'ug ht (to-graduation guessing game

 

 

 

“ 'r\

rm;

/ TWIN;

 

 

Purple and Gold advieor Jessica Casey
Group mt'mbers will help devise program guide. '-

the committee decided that they did not
have sufﬁcient time to come up with their
own.prograt?t and thus sought out the help
of Franzen who had created the system at
Tulane.

O’Leary made many inquiries into the
Franzen Program before eventually agree-
ing to it. said Lapinski. and from there.

 

EZRA MAUREN UPS

the program underwent a three month pro-
cess seeking state approval which is
necessary for any new computer system.
After the program’s approval by SUNY
Central. the Division of the Budget and the
Attorney General's Ofﬁce, Franzen began
making visits to the campus in order to get

. 1>

Women explore racism of each other’s culture

By Beth Thompson

Black feminists and Jewish feminists ex-
pressed their views on each others cultures
Saturday during the Women Right History
Dialogue held Saturday at the New York
State Museum.

About 50 people attended the Black

.';;Feminist/Jewishl Feminist Dialogue in an

effort to become aware of why these two
groups have not always understood each
other. ,, . .

. {11“1 will always say that i speak of one
black 'woman's experience, not of all black
women’s or black people’s...But i do

speak as a black woman. 1 give this voice r

as my voice to this dialogue." stressed Bet-
ty Powell. a professor of education and
linguistics at Brooklyn College. '
Powell spent her early childhood in
Miami. Florida. “in Miami there was very
much presence, an awareness of the
presence‘of Jews. For me. the awareness

came, ﬁrst of all because my mama work-
ed for Jews asa maid. Because she worked
for Jews and non-Jews. i did have a sense
of difference. Difference in the way she
talked about them with familiarity and

' connectedness. She brought home books

along with old clothes and left-over food."

“There was always a type of molding
that would creep in our sense of different-
ness and in Miami there used to be signs on
Miami Beach that said ‘No dogs or Jews
allowed.’ ” Pewell said she grew to have
an even greater sense. of connectedness

_with Jews when she became aware of both

groups’ struggle for liberation. but she
also described a coexisting feeling of
alienation in the sense that Jews were still
whites. There was a kind of materialistic
distinction according to Powell.

Her experience with racial prejudice also
extends back to the portion of her life she

spent in Germany around World War ll.
Few black people were there during that
time. she said and people would come up
to her and rub her skin saying “Schwarze,
schwarze" and look behind Powell to ﬁnd
her tail, because Hitler had taught them
that black people were monkeys. '

Speaker Elly Bulkin grew up_in an en-
tirely Jewish neighborhood. The high
school she attended was racially mined and
she became, she said. good friends with a
young black woman there. Bulkin had
been taught by her parents that “friend-
ships‘ with black children were good
things,” but she said she nevertheless sens-
ed a conflict in the parent‘s messages and
later in society’s. and that there was the
coexistance cf "liberalism and racism
which was reﬂected in'my friendship" with
the black student.

Bulkin said that all the different pre-

judices in society are learned. and that
people must be aware of them and learn to
deal with them. “To simply talk about
racism doesn‘t mean that we are non-
racist." said Bulkin. Powell agreed. saying
“We have to own up to our racism" and
none‘of us are exempt from the absorption
of the racism of our culture. '

Bulkin pointed out that if criticisms
were made of a black person, "even if
done well. they will still be seen as a
White's. criticisms.”

Powell added that at times she is aware
of forms of her own anti-semitic pre-
judices. She said she “expected white
women would rise up to wipe out racism.”
'and when this wasn't done to ﬁt her espec—
tations she was critical of the Jews because
she “thdught they would go farther."
Sometimes we “fall into (prejudice) out of
desperation and need." she said.

Frosh going backt‘o basics with remedial courses

(CPS) More and more college freshmen
are enrolling in remedial education courses
designed to teach them what they should
already know. according to a new report-
by the us. Department of Education.

One out of every four entering
freshmen. for lmttancehtakes at least one
remedial mathematics class. according to
the survey of over 500 colleges and univer-
sities compiled bythe department's Na-
tional Center ,for Education Statistics.

re than one of every five students
also take remedial writing courses. 'the
study showed, while '16 percent take
reading review courses. .

“it’s just a sign of the times." said
Elaine El-Khawas, Vice President for
Policy Analysis and Research with the
American Council on Education. “it's a
very disturbing reality that so many
students are not adequately prepared for
college," she added. attributing the pro-
blem to "a decade of loose high school
graduation standards."

And it's getting worse. Among the 500

institutions surveyed. nearly two-thirds of- »

fer tnore remedial courses now than they
did In 1978. One-third of the schools offer
the same number of remedial courses as six
years ago. while only four percent have cut
the number of review courses they provide.

The report suggested that many four-

 

year colleges' plans to shift remedial
education to Junior and two-year colleges
have failed.

The University of California System. for
instance, two years ago planned to redirect
some 2,400 students to nearby community
colleges by 1986.

Ohio State ' began admitting only
freshmen who had four years of English.

'tltree ycals of math. science. social science

 

and foreign language. and planned to send
those not qualified to two-year colleges.
"The reality is that. as good as the
policy sounds to shift remedial courses to
two-year colleges. it simply, has not work-
ed." El-Khnwas observed. "Students who
want to get a four-year degree will go to a
four-year institution which offers remedial
courses rather than attend a junior college
for two years and then have to move to it

' 'four-year school," she said. .

Although two-year schools are offering
'more remedial courses. the majority of

four-year colleges have increased their
remedial course offerings as well.

Public colleges have the~highest number
of entering students in so-called catch-up
courses. the study showed. .

Private school students. on the other
hand. took the fewest number of catch-up
classes. Only l5 percent took remedial

.classes in math. 12 percent in writing. and
nine percent in reading. '

1 Addressing long~standing concerns by
some educators that the nation's high
schools are not adequately preparing
students for college. the report cautioned
the increased popularity in remedial
courses could aslo be linked to lower col-
lege entrance requiretncttts and tougher
courses in general. »

Regardless of the problem‘s cause. “it's
far better that colleges recognize and ad-
dress the fact that many students aren‘t
prepared for college level courses in
specific areas." said El-Khawas.

Also, many high school have started to
raise their graduation requirements to in-
clude more math. writing, and reading
courses which may help slow the trend
lutcr. El-Khuwus said. Fl

 

project. This tt'le-ettiitt-rx-ncc capacity

2%

 

