 

 

FLORIDA DEPT. OF COMMERCE

BY JANE Y MILSTEAD

BEFORE THE CAMERA
Megamovies are in the works, \V/ith
Summer '85 releases :tll plotted out
ttnd (mostly) finished up, filmdom is
gazing beyond to: Diane Keaton as
photographer Diane Arbus, who
chronicled the in "h folk of soci y.
" :tnd sal ' ilrL‘ still bein-
, but dont expect a happy
ending The real Arbus died a suicide.
 One more time around '
for King .\'0itrlllt)ll'.\‘
illillt‘.\', that evergrt 1
tttle of greed tlnd p
sion sel :Imldst Alti-
can jungles. Richard
Chamberlain is the
spt" dodging
ntttstcr this go- . ,
round. r ' '
Mettnwl c,
Iigypt has

rl/Il'li [985 I

in ONE EAR
SWRTVIOVIES
NEW WAVE EASY mo

Mat-eAmm'ca‘s beumliful . . .

ﬁa—  slenderlze

   Smarl tips/or sun-baked skin
Wi'ﬁﬁifs“—_
Eon—rue OTREH W

All the putter that matters BY JANEY MILSTEAD

A guide to this year’s blockbusters
Riding the wild surf .. (be easy way BY BYRON LAURSEN

BY DAVID GROVES

BY DAVID GROVES

How to pick the best new car for you

BY PETE LYONS
jack Huntley‘s Deep Thoughts, plus
bud ' reer advice guaranteed to save

m Yuppiehood

PUBLISHER Joanne Sanliltppo EDITOR-INCHIEF Byron Laurson CREATIVE DIRECTOR Chip Jonas AFlT DIRECTOR Molly Ruttan ASSOCIATE ART
DIRECTORS Hortonsin Chu, Jack CInoys CIRCULATION SUPERVISOR Roxanna Padilla ASSISTANT TO THE PUBLISHER Nancy Jones ADVERTISING
OFFICES. VF. NATIONAL SALES 5 MARKETING Lnrry Smuckler DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL SALES Hurry Sherman MID-WEST SALES MANAGER
Jacklyn M Potcnemk NEW YORK. ‘34 Lexington Ava, 31d FIr.. N.Y.C.. NY 10016. (212) 696-0094: ACCOUNT EXECUTIVES Nicholas lovenne, Cindy
Mncant. Donna Caldevara; LOS ANGELES. 303 N. Glenoaks Blvd. Suite 600. Burbank. CA 91502; ACCOUNT EXECUTIVES Norma Cortes. Dave Em:
CHICAGO. 152 W Huron St. Chicago. IL 606m. (312) 751-1168; DETROIT PUBLISHERS FIEF. Martin 1'. Toohcy. (313) “3-17”. 5 Alan Weston
Publishing. a divnsion oi Alan Weston Communications), Inc.. Rlchard J. Kreuz. President and Chlel Executive Oliicet; Juli Dickey, President of Sales
and Marketing, Randy Achec. President of Business Development. All rights reserved. Letlere become the property oi the publisher and may be
edited. Publisher assumes no responsibility for unsolicited manuscripts. Published Iout times during the year. Annual subscription tale ls $6.00. To
order subscriptions or notify change at address. write Ampersand, Alan Weston Communications. Inc.. Corporate Olllcee. 303 N. Giemaks Blvd.

Ar 'Is giggles 'n' liggles form:

Sulle 600. Burbank. CA 53in

lIN ONE 

a film industry :1“ its own, with hot pro-
ductions now underway. including
[Mimi/ill Police Women, Sorry for the
[out and Hip I‘otwmw'ls Home.

Mighty Mel Gibson, the gorgeous
Amer-Au ‘ie, will be coming tip in 77.!!!
Ram! \ Irrior' II this fall. .rring tnir
tttlizing Tina'ihrner. l‘i tl'hotloosv,
now Quicksilver. which the title oi'the
new Kevin Bacon movie. it also s
Hispanic panic Paul Rodriguez 1d
Ainet indinn Rudy Ramos.

Anyone else otit there nuty. about
Gerard Dcpardieu? His new one, film-
'ing in Paris, is I‘olict'.  Nastassia
Klnski is lensing Harem with Ben
Kingsley.  Richard Pryor'sjujo

, Your Life Is (Jo/ling hit the

nd is the story of a

. 1 big, gets married

:1 lot, does :1 lot of drugs and l s to get

himself together after a near-fatal :1ch-

dcnt. Richard did most of the research,
then coauthored the script,

TOGETHER AGAIN

Exhngt-ls Kate Jackson, Jaclyn

Smith and Farrah Fawcett h 'c been
re-united. but no groans, plc It wits
tor a party. not a rebirth of the char/it"s
When
'ah was baby showtiul by lcm
friends at Mann tt-ers. Ilod Ste

Mel Gibson: He looks so right In
a sarong!

ex-Mrs. George Hamilton) Hamilton's
pad to celebrate her upcoming kiddie,
her former Ct tars showed up to haste
her with preset 'tddy Ryan O’Neal
stayed in the TV room, watching ttnd
talking spot'ts with Paul LeMat. Charlie
was nowhere in sight.

WORKING WIFE

Caryn Sassoon. daughter of hair mag-
nntes Beverly and Vidal,  fashion
model and ttctrt ic made her debut
recently in 'I‘uff [Inf and also keeps
house for her husband, Luca Scalisi.
And what's so unusual about that In
these days of broadened horizons? Noth-
"1 its otin l6. Lucn, who
goes to film school part time and works

at n film studio pttrt lllilL'. is 19.

STATISTICS OF INTEREST
In a survey of thou nds of college stu—

dents. it was di 'overcd that ii maiorlty
favor busing to achieve integration and
are for a National Health plan. However,
some favorite issues of the Seventies
weren't over opulnr. Namely the legall-
mtion of mnrijnttna and various environ-
ment: . x . ' ' Ln't reckoned
high on the l " nt issue

And speaking of statistics, huc s ii
the fol for evetyone who dreams
ot'a writing . For every 100,000 peo-
ple who writeI only one will have nnything
published. When parents and friends say
your chunc are only one In ti million,
lust st

Richard Pry
His lite is
calling.

4.x

Chevy Chase: HII He's Fletch . . .
and you're not.

WHERE THERE’S SMOKE

ne more statistic: in a survey of

17,000 high school students, ﬁndings
favored the Nonsmoking Cops. Cigarette
smoking is down from 26.9% smoking
daily in 1975 to 18.7% ten years after.

COUNTING NOSES
(AND SUCH)

hen: seems to be a shortage of

younger women. And we don't mean
just in your life. Romeo. Statisticians tell
us there are supposedly 14.4 million ell-
giblc men between the ages of 20 and
26, and only 13.8 million eligible women
between the ages of 18 and 24. This may
mean short rations, learning to share, or
perhaps marrying an ancient wrch of,
say, 25.

And did you know that more 20-to-
40-year'old offspring are moving back
home to mom and dad than ever before?
The economy strikes again? Gotchal

ROMANCING THE NERD

he international Bachelor Women,

the ladies who loose their annual list
ot‘the ten most desirable bachelors. have
declared 1985 as The Year of the Nerd.
They have also released their list of
the'world‘s most lovable Nerds, which
include Walter Mondale. Prince
Charles. Ed McMahon, Ron Reagan,
Jr., Andy Rooney, Orville Redcn-
bacher. Pee We Herman and John
McEnroe. The president of the organi-
zation said they nerdcd out this year be-
cause they felt nerds were coming into
their own. Companies that make plastic
pocket protectors are bracing for the
surge.

11m: 'ntme : Sexy
new recruit to the Road
Warrior ranks.

 

Summer Movie

EXCITEIVIENT

Alongside Christmas, summer is fi/mdom's major season. Why?
Because you, and a few mi/iion other students, are on the ioose,
full of dancing hormones, flush with freedom and heavy in the
pockets with summer job loot. Here are a few of what appear

to be summer‘s best bets:

Back to the Future
Robert (Romancing the Stone)
Zemeckis directs and star Michael Fox
is a college student who travels through
time.

Kiss of the Spider Woman

Brazilian temptress Sonia Braga co
stars with William Hurt and Raul
Julia, who share a prison cell. Hurt, who
was a macho spy in Gorky Park and an
impotent drug denier in The Big Chill,
plttys an effcte homosexual.

John Candy: A $30 million
comedy challenge.

Goonies
Kc Huy Quan, better known to Tem-
ple of Doom fans a. Short Round, leads
ii group of kids on :t comical and mag-
Icul adventure.

Brewster's Millions
Richard Pryor and John Candy
tcttm up for a challenge: how to spend
330 million in 30 days. A story that's
been filmed before, but never by watm
Hill. who is known '15 an action and
gore specialist (48 HRS, The Warriors),

but who yearns to make comedy.

Cocoon
Director Ron Howard, of Night .S'bifl
ttnd splash fttmc, has created another
warm-heart comedy. This one's about it
bt ch of Florida retirees who meet tip

with a passe] of young aliens come to
Earth to do ood

Sliverado

Can Larry Kasdan bring back the
golden age of movie westerns? The
writer/director responsible for Body
Ham and The Big Chill, a dedicated fol-
lower of Classic film genres, reins the
boots—and. ddlcs film in the Eighties
with Kevin Kline. Jeff Goldblum.
Rosanna Arquette. John (ex-Monty
Python) Cleese and Scott Glenn.

The Bride
More ‘ .sing with the
forces of life, 5 Sting essays the role of
Baron Von Frankenstein, creating hitti-
sclf a bride that looks mighty like
Jennifer Beale. Hold on to your elec-
trodes. science fans!

The Black Cauldron

Disney Studios put $25 million into
this animuth epic, , ten yet 5‘ of ef-
fort. aned on an award-winning series
of books, it's about the struggle to pos-
sess :t myst ious force which will pro-
duce an army of warriors who cannot
die. Disney obviously hopes to regain it
mysterious force, once called “The Dis-
ncy Magic," which produced ttn ztrnindtt
of animated pictures worth seeing again.

The Stuff
Wanna get really pnmnoid? ().i\’. What if
they started selling something that wzts
lot better titan ice cream? But it, like, took
your mind over? Michael Moriarty stars.

Pele Rider
Clint Eastwood, who is t '
the old Western genre, dlrec '
in this title of murderous greed during
the gold rush.

Fletch

An investigative reporter, posing as a
skid row type for a story, ls approached
by someone who offers him :t ioh— l
murderer! Chevy Chase plays the re-
sourceful detective of Gregory Mcdon-
ald's novels.

Return to Oz

Not :1 re-mttke of The Wizard of 02,
but rather tin extension of material from
the books of L. Frank Baum. Dorothy

Return to 01: A helping hand from ’
Spielberg an Lucas.

The Black Cauldron:
“Disney magic" sparks anew?

goes back to the enchanted land, which
is somewhere not in Kttnsus, :tnd resc 
the Scarecrow, the Tin Man and the
Cowardly Lion from the Nome King.
Though uncredited. George Lucas and
Steven Spielberg report ' helped
this Disney Studios project qu e a bit—
. , because old D"n films are
among their major Ins} :ttions.
Volunteers

Tom Hanks and John Candy, previ~
oust teamed in Splits/.1. wring comic re-
sults from good intentions ts Pct e
Corps Volunteers in Thailand. Nicholas
Meyer (’l‘irm- (WL’I‘ 'I'r'me) directs.

ET, The Extraterrestrial

Admit it, you're lonesome for that
stubby. cu dlesome spaceman. Glowing
digit and all, ’I‘. will be re»relcascd this
summer.

Weird Science
Writer/director John Hughes (.llr.
Mom, The Breakfast Club) It: ‘ ' ipted
the: Frankenstein riff into ' ‘ x
farce. Supermodel Kelly LeBrock stats
with [an Michael-Smith and Anthony
Michael Hall.

:t/rri/ IUHG. .‘llil/lt'le/Ilt/

 

