 

more than other private schools,“ main-

 

 

m The Atner‘ican’Express‘ Card.
It’s part of a lot of interesting lives. I

 

 

   

School With a Mission

Tougaloo stakes out fresh ground for black colleges.

‘ eyond the white, wrought-iron
archway that marks the entrance to

Mississippi‘s Tougaloo College lie

signs of decay. The rutted roads and ram-

I shackle buildings make a visitor wonder

 why any successful academic leader would
‘ want to go there and risk sinking into the

Yazoo clay. But president J. Herman Blake
did go, all the way from the breezy-yet-

‘ prestigious Oakes College at the University

ofCalifornia, Santa Cruz, to this poor, pre-
dominantly black school. He went because
he saw a challenge—and a mission. “Touga-
loo,” Blake vows, “must live forever."
Blake will need more than idealism if
Tougaloo is to be revived. For most of its

‘ .

The old: tired physical plant in need
of the kind of help only money can buy

‘. udents, sometimes to the chagrin
ofthe racist white Citizens Councils, which
tried in vain to stiﬂe it. Today, Tougaloo,
like America’s 80 other historically black
schools, is faced with quieter threats that
are far more dangerous than ﬂaming
crosses—problems such as dwindling en-
rollment, low faculty morale, crumbling
buildings and a wavering sense of purpose.
In the summer of 1984, Tougaloo hired

l' kc to confront and correct its prob-
. . Now some people around the school
are wondering ifthey haven't gotten more
than they bargained for. Journalism senior
Stephanie E -rs, who had championed
Blake on the presidential .' rch committee.
laments that if the p . .‘ si ‘
fulfilled. “I don't want to know the Touga-
loo of 20 years from now. It won't be the
Tougaloo I know."

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/NOVEMBER 1985

The founders, Northern white abolition-
ists who converted an old plantation into a
campus for freedmen in 1869, would be
bafﬂed by that reaction. Change and con-
ﬂict have always been part of Tougaloo's
history, especially during the turbulent civ-
il-rights struggles of the 19505 and ‘60s,
when the school produced Mississippi‘s
ﬁrst chapter ofthe NAACP and its ﬁrst sit-

ea ..

in. Tougaloo welcomed speakers who could
ﬁnd no other soapbox in the state, like Mar-
tin Luther King Jr., Robert Kennedy and
Stokely Carmichael. And all the while,
Tougaloo was educating people. Although
its campus, on the northern outskirts of
Jackson, is an architectural jumble ofante-
bellum and postwar ugly, the school once
boasted more Harv Ph.D.‘s on its staff
than any other M sippi college. And
although it has pas ‘d much of its life as
principallyateache college.Tougalooh .
also produced 40 p at of Mississippi‘s
black doctors, lawyers and dentists.

The school's major problem now is com-
mon to private institutions generally and to
its fellow members fthe United Negro
College Fund in particular" money. Touga-
loo‘s endowment is only $1-5 million. and it
is $2.3 million in debt. “It would not be fair

to say that the 43 UNCF schools struggle .

tains Elias Blake (no relation to Herman
Blake), president of Atlanta’s respected
Clark College, but UNCF president Chris-
topher Edley does admit that “it costs a
great deal more to run a campus where 90
percent [of the students] receive ﬁnancial
aid.“ The UNCF schools (the other 35 his-
torically black colleges in the nation are
public) also lack the rich alumni and politi-
cal clout that bring major support to many
institutions. The result, explains Edley, is
that "faculty salaries are lower, tuition is
lower, belt tightening is stricter and the
buildings are allowed to depreciate a little
more, all to make up for the lack offunds.”

Tougaloo feels the money crunch keenly.
The average full professor earns only
$20,500 a year, student-support services
have been cut back and athletics have been
almost wiped out. But beyond the problems
it shares with other colleges, Tougaloo has
several all its own, including a colicky tem-

  
    

.1'

The netwA growing Iibrmyanda
boost from president Blake

perament. People at Tougaloo often speak
of the school‘s “family atmosphere,“ but
history chairman and 1969 Tougaloo grad-
uate William L. Wood says. "I‘ve never seen
a family dislike each other so.“

It takes commitment to teach at Touga-
loo. Sociology chairman Walter Davis, a
1967 Tougaloo graduate who went on to
earn a Harvard doctorate, says, “The peo-
ple at Harvard could not fathom that I
would choose to come back to Mississippi."
He returned, Davis says, because “it‘s very
important [for the students] to have role
models, and that‘s a big part ofwhat 1 do.“
Other professors simply ﬁnd the school a
satisfying place to teach. Acting vice presi-
dent Richard McGinnissays. “l have bright
students, I have faculty to work with that l

' e a lot offlexibility."
Lilly rally round, many
prospective students appear to be losing

4]

