    
     

 

 

We’re Very Proud

to Announce
Our Fantastic
Fall Schedule!

We've Put it All
Together for You
this Season -
Find out why
Cahoots is # 1

  

   

in Capitaiand!
Never A Cover 0 Free Parking
The ALBAtillY HILTON MW k
For Information Phone 462-6611  /
M NFL Action at its Best!
Wt $1 Drinks 0 $.50 Beer
Complimentary “Stadium Buffet"
for Super Bowl XX!
Mala MIEIR‘II C A N It’s College Night!
V All American Music!
All American Excitement!
Blue Jeans and Casual Attire are Suggested!
$.75 Drinks with Your College l.D.

For Adults 19 8 Over
State & Lodge Steels 0 Albany
Watch it Here! Seven Video Screens
TRegister to Win a Trip for Two to New Orleans
1’. _ _ All American Buffet!
WEDNESDAYS ARE HOTTER THAN EVER!

 

We’re Tumin’ Back

Then ~ 9 PM 'til Close -

the Hands of Time! OPEN BAR for the
All Hit Music from the lst 100 Ladies!
.605 8 70‘s ‘ Open Bar and Out'Fox our DJ and \Mn a
complimema'y BUﬁet! plush ‘Fritz the Fox'!
59 PM Register to Win a Super

All for just $5!! $ 500 Diamond at Midnight!

The“
from 9 PM
‘t\\ 0056‘

6217/9

Every Thursday A cahoots “Ovemightl”
we Celebrate Albany’s Open Bar is Yours when you
Favorite Price! - with Wear Your Pajamas!
$.69 Drinks and Our Night Shirt 8 Teddy Bear
Famous All-You-Can-Eat Giveaways - plus Super

Buffet... Prizes for “The Best Pairs."

Five Dollars
Can Still Buy
Happiness!

Fridays from 5 PM ‘til Close
Cahoots is Your Party Place!
Open Bar and Complimentary Buffet are all yours...
for Only $5!

 

  

Saturday Night Sizzlesl
From 910 PM the First 100
Ladies can enjoy OPEN BAR!
The Party Never Stops with the
' Latest Video, Hot Music and Ice-
Cold Drinks. This is Your
Saturday-PlaceTo‘Bei

 

 

 

SASU President

<Front Page
done in all these years" to change the
situation?

“The connection between racism here
and racism in South Africa becomes very
apparent when you’re in jall,"McAlevey
said.

“J ail is not a pleasant place, but it really
brings out a lot of things that are ironic,”
said McAlevey adding that a large percen-
tage of the inmates were minorities while
those same races are just a fraction of the
total population at most SUNY schools.

MCAleVey said the prison was crowded
but that all inmates had their own room
with a sink and toilet. a window that was
frosted so as to obstruct vision, two sets of
window bars and “Food if you have a
stomach.”

The third person imprisoned, Michelle
Wilsey, became SASU’s Organizing Direc-
tor after graduating last May. She said she
hoped a divestiture notion would pass at
next Tuesday's Board of Trustees Meeting.

SUNY pressed charges, against the
demonstrators. Wilsey said, in an attempt
to stiﬂe the opinions of those who believe“
Americans should not invest in apartheid.
“i think they're (SUNY) trying to stop
students from speaking out against apar-
theid and they’re trying to discourage peo-
ple from coming to their meetings.” she
said.

 

Wilsey cited the arrest last Wednesday
of Scott Palmer,,a University of Buffalo
student. as proof of SUNY’s intentions.~
Palmer was arrested for writing in chalk
on the sidewalk the sentence: How many
SUNY students must go to jail before
SUNY divests'l

Palmer said he was arrested becuase
“they (SUNY) don’t like people coming in
giving money to the University to know
they are in South Africa” and to in-
timidate other protestors. “I think it
deﬁnitely backfired," he added.

MacDougal said Palmer’s charges were
“basically dismissed” by a notion called
an Adjournment on Contemplation of
Dismissal. The motion means all charges
are dropped unless Palmer is arrested

' again within-the next six months.

According to MacDougal, the presiding
judge, Thomas Keegan, stated at Palmer’s
trial that “if: writing in” chalk on public
property is illegal, we'd have to arrest
every kid playing hopscotch on the
sidewalk." _

About 20 people, including families and
neighbors of those imprisoned, gathered
outside the jail before midnight to

welcome McAlevey. Wilsey and Wilson
back. Their vigil followed eight nights of
vigil outside the SUNY Central building
during the time the three were imprisonegi

 

KINBCH UPS

Jane McAlevey walking out of the Albany County Jail early Friday morning

Musical chairs

«Front Page

“We've got the record, as long as
everyone has their tags, so let's get go-
ing," Notre Dame junior class president
James Domagalski of Buffalo. N.Y.,
announced before the start.

Just over 5,100 people had registered
before Huey Lewis' “Power of Love"
boomed from a ien-foot-high bank of _
speakers to begin the first round in the
traditional children's game.

Drovcs of students soon were handing
registration tags to judges as l00 par-

ticipants were eliminated in each round.
Organizers planned to award a color
television to the last remaining contes-‘
mm. The numbered registration tags
will be submitted for verification by
Guinness officials in New York.

Domagalski said the idea for the stunt
came to him after a friend suggested
breaking some kind of world record to
warm up the new academic year. "i
started going through the Guinness
book and i thought, why not this?" he
said. Ci

 

 

SUNY Divestment saga:

THE DIVESTMENT lSSUE HEATS UP

Divestment-the idea that public monies
entrusted to an organization should not be
invested in companies that do business in
morally unjustifiable societies like South
Africa, has been a student concern for
many years. Within the last year, however,
events in South Africa have pushed the
issue to the forefront of the “student
movement” in the United States. What
follows is a chronological list of SUNY
divestment activities by the Student
Association of the State
University(SASU):

April 24, 1985: The SUNY Board of
Trustees votes down a resolution calling
for complete divestment. Twenty-six

 

 

‘l!i"'l'\' (uiSlii.-t.'i per month = SiZi.ii.’i.
lirm-rl on !i nmlrthij prryrullnls.

students are arrested later that day for tak-
ing over a first-floor ofﬁce in the SUNY
Central office building in downtown
Albany.‘ Twenty students plead guilty,
nineteen of whom pay fines and one. Scott
Palmer, of the University at Buffalo,
spends eight days in jail.

May 22, 1985: Students and SASU staff
sleep out on the front lawn of SUNY Cen-
tral in support of a resolution against
future SUNY investment in South Africa.
Eight state legislators join the students for
part of the time to show support. The next
day the motion is defeated by the Trustees.
About 70 students hold a mock funeral
march to the state Capitol, complete with
cofﬁn.

June 25, 1985: New student trustee and

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, [985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

SASU President Jane McAlevey in-
troduces a new resolution against future
investments. The motion is tabled.

July 10, 1985: McAlevey is voted onto
the investment Committee by the Trustees.
She asks for a special meeting to take place
in September to decide the divestment
issue, but the meeting is never scheduled.

August 15, 1985: After a seven hour
trial the “SUNY six" are convicted of
third degree criminal trespassing and
sentenced to either 15 days in jail or a $250
fine and a promise to not engage in further
protest activities for one year. Two
students pay the fine, four opt for jail
terms.

September 11, 1985: Three of the
“SUNY six" begin serving their sentences.
Candlelight vigils are held outside SUNY
Central each night they spend in jail. Scott
Palmer is arrested for writing anti-

  

 

 

 

STUDENT ID GETS YOU 10% OFF

Now you can have a roommate you're
. guaranteed to get along with. And all

you have to do is call Granada TV Rental.

Al Granada. companionship comes
cheap. When you rent ‘til the end of the
school year, your student l.D. gets you a '
Magnavox, RCA or H ilachi color TV for as
little as $13.45 to $23.35 a month. A VCR
for as little as $17.95 to $22.9.) a month.
And our incredible combo of‘l’cr—a TV.
VCR and stand—for just $29.95 a month.

GRANADA TV
THE BEST BUYS IN RENT ING.
ALBANY: CROSSGATES MALI.

Iivinvn ilmluv not I‘ll liulwl m ulunvum \I

'(Innsniu 'l‘\' «D 5213511121" month = 52in. l3.
llrrsrrrl un ii monllrlj puyuwnls.

Make your payments with a major
credit card. and you'll save another
$3.00 a month..And. let's face i i. you
don’t have to have 3 Ph D in economics
to realize they‘re the best deals around.

What's more. our low rates also in-
clude free service and repairs. usually
within 24 hours. And ifwe can’t fix it
on tho spot. we’ll give you a free loancr.

So give us a call today and let us so!
you up with an id 28] roommate. Just
think. if it ever gets on your nerves. you

can simply shut it off.

(518) 456-8663

udu.nu~~uhuuIlnrrvdliudvnuu-u

 

‘\‘(:R ("$17.95 per month = Silil..'r.'u.
lirrsr-rl on ii rnuntlrh [my nn-nls.

RENTAL

apartheid slogans in chalk on the sidewalk
in front of SUNY Central.

September 19. 1985: Charges against
Palmer are dropped by the judge, unless he
is arrested within the next six months.

September 20. 1985: At midnight, the
three people jailed for the past week are set
free, having served their fifteen-day terms
minus time off for good behavior. A
crowd of twenty people holding lit candles
and posters meets them at the prison
entrance.

IN THE NEAR FUTURE:

September 23, 1985: A major rally for
SUNY divestment is planned at the
SUNYA campus. Speakers and protestors
will attend from across the state.

September 24, 1985: McAlevey intends
to put a motion against future investment
back on the table at the monthly SUNY
Board of Trustees meeting. As many as
600 students are expected to be on hand
for the meeting, although there is no
guarantee the issue will be voted on.

    

itlauuune

 

 

