  

By Michelle Busher
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Below the sometimes menacing 22 floor
structure of State Quad tower among the
many administrative desks of Residential
Life a certain office door is always open
inviting students to enter.

Sitting at an institutional desk piled high
with papers, it is obvious that Of f-Campus
Housing Director Karleen Karlson enjoys
“talking turkey" with students rather than
struggling with the paper mills of SUNYA
bureaucracy.

Karlson also serves as an Assistant
Director of Residential Life.

“i like working with students. because it
keeps you fresh and constantly
stimulated,” said Karlson. adding,
“students don’t hesitate to challenge the
administration and i think that’s partially
due to the bureaucracy."

After six years as Alumni Quad Coor-
dinator and two years as Off-Campus»
Housing Director Karlson left SUNYA to
attend Albany Law School. “1 really felt it
would beneﬁt me in terms of off-campus
housing and judicial matters. it gave me
the opportunity to go different direc-
tions." she said.

“I considered going into private prac-
tice." admitted Karlson.

After a car accident that was the beginn-
ing of several years of health related pro-
blems for Karlson she returned to SUNYA
as Director of Off-Campus Housing.

“I think that returning to school at age
36, (ten years after receiving her masters)
made me realize what it’s like to be a stu-
dent again," said Karlson.

“One of my professors at Albany Law
said to our class. ‘Due Process stops whey
you walk in this school.‘ As students. we
had no rights." said Karlson.

“A major concern of ours (students') at
Albany Law was ﬁnancial aid.” said
Karlson. The school was clumping it. she
said. explaining that “a few students .were

I ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS FRIDAY, FEBRUARYZZ, I985 -

4‘}-

 

Off-Campus Housing Director Karleen Karlson

  

Paperwork rarel y sh utsi Openéjdf? . , w

t,

II,
1.
'1.

I .
. ‘ I-.
V‘ x g   nV-m'nsuww
> . Lg. ‘ ,

CINDY GALWAYUPS

"I like working with students because it keeps you fresh and constantly stimulated. "

getting large amounts of financial drove to
school in expensive foreign cars." said
Karlson. “l walked a mile to class with my
backpack over my shoulder," she said.

Since Karlson received her law degree
she is now a member of the judicial review
committee which is presently reviewing the
“Student Guidelines." Karlson is also a
member of the University Auxiliary Ser-
vices (UAS) Board of Directors. the Task
Force on Women’s Safety and was on the
Alcohol Policy Review Committee last
year.

“I like to keep a very open door
policy," said Karlson of her ofﬁce duties.
“but about once a month i have to close
thevdoor andget the paper work done."

Of all of the work Karlsott does, she said
she enjoys helping students with discipline
or behavioral problems the most.

Residence Staff ﬁlls out Incident Com-
plaint forms whenever there is a problem.
said Karlson. “When a pattern develops or
the same student’s name keeps appearing I
deal with it."

Sometimes a student is just having trou-
ble coping with the environment and needs
counseling. said Karlson. There are also
the “trouble makers" who need judicial
review. “I make sure that someone is deal-
ing with the problem and that no one falls
through the cracks." said Karlson.

Pete Trevouledes, a student who worked
with Karlson as an off—campus housing ad-

.University in Tacoma,

 

.- .:_...n,.,.‘. w ,r

person to come inand ask for advice." . '-
f‘lf you have a pressng. problemﬂ'satg
Trevouledes, “she’ll do anything that she,

can to help. She’s very accommodating.’§' .

“She doesn’t spoon feed you. though: .
She aims you in the right direction, soithat'

you can help yourself.” he added. I  

“Karlson's helpful personality seemed
contagious," said Travouledes.- “and the
entire ofﬁce found themselves wanting to
be just as helpful."

‘Karlson is‘ a person who. not demands,
but commands respect." smleravouledes.
“she has a lot of student friends and she‘
turns you on to things." ~

“Because of her. I’m more aware of
women’s rights." said Travouledes. “She
got me to refer to the women in the ofﬁce
as women» andinot ladies." '

“One of my friends said that I’ve always
been a feminist.” said Karlson. "it just
wasn't o.k. back then.” -

Both of Karl'50n’s parents were born in
Sweden and‘ are first generation
Americans. “My parents'were business
partners and I ‘saw how hard they‘work-
ed." said Karlson. “I guess that affected
my mind set."

She grew up in Seattle, Washington.
which she said also affected her views. "it
was a newly developed part of the country
and the stereotypes weren't so entrench-

-ed,” she said. -

, After receiving her bachelor’s degree in
English Education at Paciﬁc Lutheran
Washington,
Karlson taught high school English for a
few years ‘and obtained her masters in
counseling from Washington State Univer-
sity before she decided that it was time to
move on. '

“l was open to travel and had no str- ‘:

ings." said Karlson. Attracted by the nor-
theast and the size and nature of SUNYA. .
Karlson moved to Albany inl 1970‘... ; ' a ‘ i3 ’

 

‘ TRIP INCLUDES:

ol er attractions.

DAYTONA BEACH and the Plaza

Spend Spring Break in the Sun, Sand and Surf on the
War '5 Largest Beach
IN THE CITY THAT WELCO ES COLLEGE STUDENTS!

The famous "Slttp" \lntts at the Plum. tt-tngnttt-tl .t\ lllt‘ ttlltttnl llulol iii Strung tilt-Alt. It provides Supt'liill Itlttllil|‘\ for
students tnt‘ltltllltK Iltt' Stllp's hunt-st night spots, l'l.tttt.tttuu club and (still North Hill“ Ntltltm's IIqu Vitlt-u Rock Club)

FROM: 0 Roundtrip transportation to Dayton-I Beach via modern Highway Motnrroacltel
- Seven night .tcromodatlom at Plant Nott-
' O lional one day excursions to Disney World, Epcot Center. deep sea fishing and

0 A fantastic schedule of Pool Deck activities including our ool derit party.
0 Professionally staffed personnel to nuke your Irip enloyahl’e.
- Discounts with Daytona Beach merchants and night clubs,

Including the Plantation Club and we North.

- ﬂutes and Tips included.

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL

ION: 449-2850

 

 

 

 

INTERESTED
? ? ?

in Richardson Hall “0.

son Hall 110).

 

Wity take .my other lttp lttttl tiny fill tunquutntttm It) .Itul ltont Iltl‘ "HOT" spot of Duytonn lit-nth. Remember, you get
what you my tut. gt-t Ilu- mun — Ddylund IIL'tllll .ttul ttu- l‘lurni
. . ARE Y 0U ? ?

SOCIAL WORK ???
The deadline for applications for potential social
welfare majors is FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1985. If you
have not obtained an application, you may do so in
ULB 95c or by calling Dr. Lester B. Brown. Chair,
Undergraduate Social Welfare Program, at 455-6205,

if you wish to meet with Dr. Brown and/or graduate
assistants to ask any questions about social work, the
undergraduate social work program, applications, etc.,
please feel free to come by ULB 95c Monday to Fri-
day. or call 457-8948 (ULB95c) or 455-6205 (Richard;

IN STUDYING

=——'.—-_._—_——-—-——....__--———-=._

Sixth Annualgf -'j  g ,
Moreno mother ilttlmgy g
@erik mallow Menuhin “
Award Luncheon

 

Tuesday, February 26. 1985
at 12 noon
in the Campus Center
Ballroom

Remote Sgake :

Dr. Pearl Primus,
Noted Anthropologist,
, Dancer &

Choreographer

 

 

 

 

Public cordially invited

 

 

 

 

Limited seating available on a first come
first serve basis

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
    
  
 

Smith College Professor Pearl Primus
Will be the keynote speaker at Thesday’s convocation.

 

 

g.

and

By Johanna Clancy
STAFF WRITER _
“African-American History
Month (February) may not be
celebrated with the holiday fan-
fare that is extended to such
Jewish holidays as Yom Kippur
(or) Passover...but it is an occa-
sion during which African-
Americans re~dedicate themselves
to upholding and promoting the
world-wide African essence." ac-

, cording to University Afﬁrmative
" IAction ofﬁcer Dr. Japhet M.
Zwana.

In honor of African-American
History Month SUNYA will

sponsor its Sixth Annual Martin
_ Luther
‘ History Month Convocation.

KingAfrican American

Tuesday, February 26.
“The seeds of African-

:American History Month were
,. buried in the ground by Carter 0.
'Woodson who conceived ‘Negro

History Week,"’ said Zwana.
who said its purpose was to
recognize the contributions of
African-Americans to the
development of world civilization
to educate and inform
African-Americans as well as

,Whites.

"Most people simply know Dr.
King as a giant Civil Rights Move-
ment leader. A closer examina-
tion of his record points out that

FRIDA Y. FEBRUARYZZ, I985 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

King-conference will
extol African-essence

his greatness welled from his
courage to do more of the same
things that other African-
Americans before him had tried."
Zwana said.

Dr. Pearl Primus. Five College
Professor of Ethnic Studies at
Smith College will be the keynote
speaker for the convocation. Ac-
tivities will also include a lun-
cheon. musical presentations and
an award presentation. The pro-
gram begins at 12:00 noon in the
Campus Center Ballroom. It is
free and open to the public.

Albany State University Black
Alliance President Laurie
Midgette. Carl Martin. director
of Minority Student Services. and
Student Association Minority Af-
fairs Coordinator Eric Bowman
will preside at the convocation.

in addition. University Presi-
dent Vincent O'Leary will of-
ﬁcially welcome Primus and the,
other guests. and Baptist pastor
Reverend Earnest Drake. of the
Metropolitan N.T. Mission Bap-
tist Church will give a rendition of
the Martin Luther King, Jr. “l
Have a Dream" speech.

“Though lacerated and mud-
died, the history of African-
American people in America does
exist and no racist miracle can
make it go away." said Zwana. C]

History surveys lovelin the Middle Ages

By David Wertheirn , , 1.
"HEMP?! , .,-_. .. .. _,

In an appropriately timedp |
Valentine's Day lecTtutzeg,
distinguished professor Warren
Roberts spoke on the "History of
Romantic Love" last Wednesday
in the main library.

“Romantic love," began Pro-
fessor Roberts, to the approx-
imately 30 people present, "is

   
  

lusually thought of an inherent in
.the human condition. This is not
. theses." ‘

'f. ’: According to'lRoberts. roman-

~tic love first appeared amongst
the feudal classes of .the twelfth
century. Once it appeared. it
created "one of the greatest
changes in human feeling." said
Roberts. “We take it for granted.
but it holds great historical

consequence." ' -

Roberts emphasized the twelfth
century as a crucial period of
breakthrough of feudal values in-
to the Christian ethical system.
He sees romantic love in this
period as a negative reaction to
sin. The Arthurian legend of
Lancelot, the lover of Guenivere.
was an attempt to establish an
anti-Christian system. he said.

 

By Beth Thompson

individual legislators and to
students will become."

ding to Stuart Friedman.

it

said Friedman.

 

“l'm very excited about it," said Student
Association State University (SASU) President
Susan Wray, “excited to see the response from

Wray was referring to the upcoming SASU
Legislative Conference, which is to be held Sun-
day. February 24 through Tuesday. February 26
at the Empire State Plaza in downtown Albany.

Students will have the chance to meet with
legislators and legislative authorities to discuss
issues such as SUNY divestment from South
Africa. Federal Financial Aid. and the 21 alcohol
purchasing age. The topic of women in the New
York State Legislature and issues pertaining to
higher education will also be presented. Accor-

Manager, SASUplans to unveil its new position
paper on the 2] purchase age. in which they op-
pose increasing the mlnlmum alcohol purchasing

ge.
SUNYA SA President Rich Schaffer said SA
will cover the cost of the basic conference admit-
tance fee for any student interested in attending.
Prices may vary according to the number of days
and meals a student takes part in.
Awards will be presented at various planned
banquet events to prominent legislators. as well,

During the banquet. Assembly members Vince
Clraber and Maurice Hlnchey will be presented
with awards for top member of the year for their
work. Oraber is head of the anti-2t group in the
Assembly. while Hlnchey chairs the Environmen-
tat Conservation Committee. said Wray.
 Students will 'learn about various issues in_

'ii'ii't'in'nvi {4511'- -.

Albany to host SASU conference

workshops to be held throughout Sunday and
Monday. with a lobby day taking place on Tues-
day. Among those scheduled to appear are New
York State senator Nancy L. Hoffman. speaking
on women in the legislature. Dr. Bojina Jordan.
a SUNYA Professor and President of the South
African-American People's Friendship Associa-
tion. and Assembly member Human Farrell ac-
companied by Jerry Lee. an aid to Deputy
Speaker of the Assembly. Arthur Eve. The latter
three will discuss divestment.

USSA Legislative Director Kathy Ozer will be
addressing the issue of federal ﬁnancial aid and
Oraber will be speaking on the 2| year old pur-
chase age. Other Legislative authorities that will
be present are: Brian Petraitus. Legislative
Analyst: Robert Wallace. Executive Director of
the New York State Black and Puerto Rican
Caucus;Andrew Chin. SASU Vice President for
Community Colleges;
Sergei, Chair of the Higher Education Commit-
tee; and Justin Hixson, SASU Organizing

see how active

SASU Business

.

Director.

A rvﬁirimlcu

"We are hoping for a crowd of 60 to 80
students," says SASU Legislative Assistant Dave
Rothstein. in the past the conferences have been
held on weekends. but SASU still expects a good
turn. because many prominent legislators are
scheduled to attend, said EVeline MacDougall.
SASU Communications Director.

The Legislative conference is “a great way to
polish up your lobbying skills." said Amy
Barker. a SASU Communications intern. Added
MacDougail. the conference allows students to
“talk to other students to see how they feel about
the issues and to be able to directly ask the
legislators why they voted a particular way." C]

-_;;;;;A,...-; .:.';..z::.,... ‘

Assemblyman Mark

 

 

 

haggardth

 

' The churches position regarding
sex was unequivocal. and since
biblical times. a deep suspicion of
sex~rcmalned a central part of
church dogma.

The literary attempt failed.
however. according to Roberts, as
Arthurian author Christian of
Troy himself assimilated into
Christian ethics and teaching.

As a result, Roberts said. the
feudal classes carried on the new
tradition of romantic love. with
and without precedent.

Tristian and lsolde is a twelfth
century myth “embodying at-
titudes from the world of society
it comes from." according to
Roberts and in this work several
key themes emerge. The first. ac
cording to Roberts. is the idea of
undying love. Second is the idea
of passion as being central to the
concept of romantic love. and
third is that the death theme is
central. Obstacles of love are im-
portant to the romantic
paradigm. he said. adding that
there is "an idealization of love.
central to the romantic love
code."

Perhaps the most famous ex-'
ample of romantic literature is
Romeo and Juliet. said Roberts.
Commenting on the Shakespetian
play, Roberts said that the struc-
ture differs from his earlier
works. but the themes are the
same: love, death. adultery. and
passion.

Arising dialectically out of the
romantic movement was the anti-
romantic myth, Roberts said.
Primarily in eighteenth century
France. this was a movement that
absolutely divided love and sex.
Love often became an ugly thing,
Roberts asserted. and it was Jean-
.laques Rousseau who led a return
to the romantic paradigm in a
domestic setting.

With the twentieth. century

' cameo desire t6 break out of the

 

 

CllltlS oastNtt 't-s
Dr Warren Roberts

repressive sexual code, stated
Roberts. Led by psychoanalyst
Sigmund Freud of Vienna and
Arthur Schnitzler. men and
women began to make sexual
freedom one of the primary ob~
jectives in the struggle for self-
understanding.

Roberts sees the 1960's as a
significant time in the history of
the romantic and anti-romantic
movemmts. Sex and love were in-
extricable bound up with political
and social problems. Roberts us-
ed the autobiography of 60's ac-
tivist lane Alpert. “Growing Up
Underground." as an example
where the sexual misadventures of
1 person working for revolution
overshadows her political
exploits.

Professor Roberts closed his

-lectur_e with an analysis into the
present and future. “I have no

doubt that with conservatism.“
romance is in. but likewise have
no doubt that it will be out again
gltt(_1_the pendulum will swing bag—lit

,and forth."

 

