 

 

For business
majors only

Professors were asked to read the
following announcement in their classes last
week: ‘

The International Fraternity of Delta Sigma
Pi, in cooperation with the ofﬁce of Career
Planning and Placement would like to invite
the student body to career day 1985.
Approximately 30 ﬁrms will be on hand 'to
discuss career opportunities in ﬁelds such as
Biology, Chemistry, Economics,
Accounting, Law, Computer Science and
others. Career Day 1985 will be held in the
Campus Center Ballroom this Wednesday,
the 16th of October from 9 a.m. to 4 pm.
Don ’t miss this opportunity to discuss your
future with professionals having a working
knowledge in your field of interest.

This announcement should have had one
'more line: liberal arts majors need not
attend. Or, at the very least, liberal arts
majors not interested in a business oriented
career need not attend.

Although some of the companies
participating in Wednesday’s career day
were willing to consider resumes from non-
business majors, the majority of the
positions they were offering were almost
exclusively in business oriented fields.

For a liberal arts major, there couldn’t
have been more than five recruiters worth
talking to. Among them were Library of
Congress, N.Y.S. Department of social
services, and a few manager trainee
programs for liberal arts majors willing to
take on business careers.

There wasn’t much more for a science
major, although that's to be somewhat
expected since they do have their own
version of career day, later in the year.

Delta Sigma Pi, the professional business
fraternity which has been organizing career
days for the past 11 years, is not to blame
for the sparse liberal arts offerings. On the
contrary, they invited a broad range of
companies and organizations and presented
the event as a University-wide career day.
Their success is however, somehat limited
because, as a business fraternity, they lack
the necesary contacts with liberal arts
recruiters. '

But what about the Career Placement and
Planning ofﬁce? It was listed as a co-
organizer of this event on most of the
publicity, but that seems to be as far as it'
went.

The career placement office did not even
participate in career day, except by leaving
some old pamphlets on a table there. They
said they had scheduling problems. That’s a
pretty poor excuse considering this events
been in the planning process since the
beginning of the summer.

Furthermore, we have to wonder what it
was that career placement felt was more
important than career day. More than 1,000
students attended the event. That’s 1,000
career-conscious students that Career
Placement could have reached in one day,
just by stafﬁng a table.

This isn't vitally important for a business
.major — the business school tends to take
care of its own. But for the majority of
students on this campus who are stuck
relying on a business fraternity for a service
the University itself should, in some way be
providing, it's second class treatment.

 

 

 

- v... s...~,.-.¢..¢mammt,§$»

 

 

  

 

I “we TiiiS pale DOGSiiT- , ,
lNClTe SOME DANGEI’OUS LeciSLaTion...

College Press Service

   

 

 

 

 

Thinking about Drinking ' ,

if you pick up a campus paper on any day of the week,
chances are that one of the top stories is whether or not
Albany will become a dry campus when the drinking age
becomes 21 in December. Terror has struck students old
and young...but mostly young.

 

LLynn Matyjewicz 

 

Bars along Western Avenue and in downtown Albany
are scared. And rightly so. After all, most of their
clientele are S.U.N.Y.A. students. Nightly, the places
become packed with the younger crowd. Of course, they
are-worried. Some of them are planning ahead and have
remodeled, hoping to attract an older, larger crowd.

On any given night, if you walk through the dorms you
are bound to see a keg, beer ball or. at the very least, a six
pack or two, the likes of which are by no means inexpen-
sive, but the cost does add up after several weeks of this
type of activity.

Mornings any day of the week you can hear conversa-
tionsvin which a college student is bragging of a drinking
feat which occured the previous night. Students proudly
announce how they, or one of their buddies, "blew their
donuts," “passed out," or had three beers followed by
six shots of vodka, and that was just in the first hour.
Many students “blow off” classes and arise at 1] or 12 in
the morning - on an early day.

The time is 11:23 PM. You see hoards of students run-
ning from a suite room and ask one. innocently, “is there
a fire? What happened?" His reply will be, “Keg ran
out." Signs everywhere advertise “free beer,” trying to
lure a huge crowd. They know what will work.

1 should like somebody to tell me what this huge preoc-
cupation is with alcohol. What is it about the feeling of
total lack of control that we college students savor so
much? Why would a person engage in an activity, know—
ing full well that he or she may be physically sick the next

1

day? And it is time consuming. . _ - I ,
Perhaps many students are plagued by problems which
they do not know how to deal with or predicamenlsthcy

have never run into before or seemingly unsolvable situa- '

tions. There is a term for people who drink on a regular
basis as a means of escape: alcoholic. . '

Maybe they do not know or have never heard that
alcohol isn't good for you on a regular basis. Besides the
immediate effects of causing you to be slow and sick, it
can have long-term effects on your brain and liver. To a
lesser degree, it is full ofyvf‘empty calories" —— those which
will help spread the waistline without having any nutrl~
tionai value such as vitamins, minerals, or protein. Are
some students so uncreative that they can think of nit
other way of spending their nightly leisure time than with
a bottle? ‘.

Perhaps the reason is peer pressure -— maybe there is air
image they feel they have to live up to. “Party animal."
“Wild kind of guy.” "Joe cool.” i franklythink it’s a
character flaw -— a weakness. I think it is a sign of im-
maturity and furthermore, insecurity. Many students who
are away from “Mommy"=and "Daddy" forthc ﬁrst
time feel that they have to prove something to'thcinselves,
their parents, and their friends; '

Can we blame this problem that so plagues us on socie~
ty? Do we dare say that it is the fault of the media and
what we have been conditioned to think? Can we go so
far and be so bold as to say it is the fault of our parents? 1
do not know. i '

There is a difference between social drinking — which
is done occasionally and not to the pointof oblivion —-
and the type that 1 sec going on around me. The'social
drinkers are not the problem for they‘havo the situation
under control but when i see graffiticon a desk in th‘
library reading. “Life stinks -— I need a drink,’f I begin to
worry. El

 

national political awareness,

more information call us at

 

 

The ASP is accepting applications for
editorial pages editor

The job takes 15 hours per week, requires campus and
. _ . ' and is a paid position. Submit
application and writing sample (a term paper is fine) to
Managing Editor Dean Chang,
442-5665.

in campus center 329. For

 

 

n...1..
r . . . — yrovtuoIoVIGUVQ'UCIdlw‘v‘I'wvltvvvvvI'VQ'

 

Equality and q 't
' - ualr y
To the Editor:

As an elected representative of Central Council and
University Senate and as a concerned student I would like
to express, my dismay:at the current implementation of
the Student Association's Afﬁrmative Action Policy. Let
it be stated here and now --i I am not anti-Afﬁrmative
Action when it accomplishes the goal of bringing
minorities into a picture where, for various reasons, they
have been overlooked or not represented. However, once
there is a feeling that. there cannot be a committee or

to the trap of reverse discrimination and quotas. Once it
is stated or felt that there must be a minority'in every
aspect of the Student Association then it is inevitable that
an underqualiﬁedVminority’will take the place of a more
qualiﬁed member of the majority. This is as morally and
ethically wrong as saying that a minority can never be a
member of any particular ‘facet of the SA.

It is obvious that a middle ground must be reached. We
cannot have our executives more concerned with color or
race than the ability of of a person to fulﬁll the re-
quirements of a position; however, it seems'that this is
where we stand now.'-1f there are ten white male 8P.-
plicants for ten positions by the date the applications are

due then ﬁll the positions with white males. There is no '

justiﬁcation or reason to recruit someone after the fact
who did not take the time to care enough and get their ap-
plication in on time in the first place. With regrets 1 must
say that this scenario has taken place more than once and
1 ﬁnd it atrocious. j . , ,. ..

Let us say here and now that'as educated students we
stand for equality on all grounds and that we will not put
color or race before the qualities that a person possesses
to do a job. 1  I ‘

,  _— Mark Perisleln

Racist slur

To the Editor:
In a bigoted attack on the Jewish community, another

uneducated anti-Semlte let loose, this time scrawling

“Zionism = Racism” by Dutch Quad on Monday. It's

unfortunate that people don't know what racism is.

" Racists harrass.Je‘vvs.in Syria with night arrest, inter-

 

  

' ’ 

Heidi J. Onlll, Editor In Girls!
Dun Chang; Monsglng Ebllar

 

....Arléiacintbora,«mac'sulliign

 

Now-Editor! .... .. ............. ..: ...... ..‘. ........... ..

 

 

 

 

‘ Frill-w Walnolaln
ASMIPIHIM ‘ - l Gin-born
Auoololoasrocll Editor ............................................... .,...,..‘.,.Ion Spoiling
.. . .u. r ‘ “Inn-nlﬁck
sportoEdﬂor ' ‘ "

Inn-All puma .

 

Editorial” ,, "he: , I,“
John Koonln. Senior Editor

Contributing Edllon Dun Boil. leno Poor-boom. Fmvlow Editor: Pun
achuoiorlnon, Editorial Melatonin: Rachel Bmlow, Kon Domboum. Belle
Dumbo, am Jacob, Blonds Bohullor, David Wurtholm atoll writ-n: Koren
Back. Dev. Biotin, Lullo cnut, Ethan cnuln. Inn Clements, Pun Conway,
Andrea Carson. Mike manually, Llon Jackal. David Kan. Stacey Kern, Muir
Kobrinoky, John Laban. Corey Lovltnn, Mill. MooAdIm. J. Mluiuoi Moioc.
Caryn Millie, Peru Bands, Koren Schiomy, Rick Sw-noon, Mich-oi skoinlok

lupin Rommel. Business Mun-arr
Giuliani- moral, Amclale Business Mon-nor
Intro Kellen, Joell! Iidllrllry, Aowrlialng Manon-rs
‘ Don Flu-nor, srlu Manager

is can.

..Folloll Cuntln
....Fr|nk Diliborto

IIIHM

Payroll W..."
clued Wm.
modulo?" I'oloo: Koren Amour, Frank Colo, Drew Funa. llich thl, Michelle
Plilll Wit-Indore Greg Bohrondt, Elloon Chen, Jill Gentile, Juno-
Hom-r. Keith Knughlo. Alyu Muaolln. Ann-Ito Muller, Sharon ﬂood, Erie
Halli otlloo lull: .ionnllor about“. Andy Conan, Amy Blloor, nob Muinolli

 

Patricio Ill-nook. Production Manson
molm ' ' ‘ Dilnuuo
Twin: Lauri Balms, Joan Christi-no, Tracie Poul. Porn almbor, Rule-up:
Llu Ellkloll. Nancy men. Kirolnn Grill. Sim" Flmriy. 0m- Fiood, E.
Phillip Hoover, D. Dlmi Blot, M.D.Thompoon. noni- VII-ntln Choullwr: .llrn

Lolly ‘
wmwmwﬂmlm.llml

WP-

chlol . Kenny Klmll UPI Moll: Mlohul Aoltormm. altan Allan,
Myra-Tow madam curry. Lynn Dulles, Chuck Ginsberg. Em Mum, Mull
Modlsvilio. uu' limmom. Linn-I snorting. Eric: Spioml, Tonya sum.
"WIN luv. Mull Vultolll

intln  amt till My Modem mu corporluorl. all rloMI

out Press is pubilsliod Yaome- ond Fridays bolw'oen
Aumt‘muﬂugy the Albany Bludlnl Pm- corpomlon. on independent
no -lor- to! l oor ration.
éﬂllo’fllll‘ uo mum,“ the Editor in cur-1mm member- at "ll Edited-l
Board: policy In oubloct to review by the Editorial now. Advertising policy
does not nocuuriiy rsiloot odiiarlu polloy.
‘ Molilrm adorns:
Monty swam Pron, cc :29
1400 Wuhlnglon Ave.
Albany. NV 12222
. (its) «2.50054

 

 

ii

.persecution of an

rogation and imprisonment with no crimes committed.
Racism‘is raping and killing Syrian Jewish women and
children. Libya’s ancient Jewish community has been all

, but obliterated due to violent actions supported and en-
‘ couraged by Libya's racist government. Racism is when

Jewish towns are attacked in Tunisia and when countries
such as Saudi ArabiaLKuwait, Oman, Qatar have long
histories of ‘enslaving blacks. When King Hussein of Jor-
dan ordered that the sale of land to a Jew was to be a
capital offense,'punishable by death, that was racism and
when-in Arab countries 'to be a citizen one must be
Moslem and Islam imposes a set social order with second
class status to Jews and Christians, then we can cite

. . . _ _ . ' racism. Lebanon was the only Arab country where Chris-
group or posrtton Without a minority one starts to fail in- -

tians Were accepted in the community with self represen-
tation in the government. But racism disrupted peace in

‘ Lebanon over ten years ago when the PLO was driven out

of Jordan and set up its headquarters and geurrilla bases
throughout Lebanon. _ ' ._ .

Zionism on the other hand is not set into action by the
innocent people. Zionism was
underground immigration despite possible consequences

.from the British before. during and after WWII to save

Jews from the brutalities of Hitler and his bloodthirsty
following. Zionism meant resettling over 600,000 Jewish
refugees when they were driven from their homes in Arab
countries.‘Zionism is when Israel airlifted 10,000 Ethio-

. plan Jews from starvation and discrimination and con-
tinues efforts to aid 7,000 still in Ethiopia. Zionism was ‘

clearing swamps to set up villages and standingas one
when the countries of the world stand up against lsrael.

Jews from throughout the world regardless .of country
of origin or color are guaranteed instant citizenship in
Israel yet this is because Jews have learned a lesson from
the Spanish inquisition, the pogroms of Russia and the
Nazi era. To be truly safe Jews must be guaranteed a
homeland to protect their rights and lives. The deaths of
the past can’t be forgotten. And maybe it pays to
remember that those blindly comparing Zionism to

' Racism are supporters of the same PLO that in the past

month killed three israeli Jews in Cyprus. And two in
Spain. And an American Jew on an Italian cruise ship. in
any of its factions its actions are the same: terrorist. And
their aims and results are the same as well: the slaughter
of JeWs. Leon Klinghoffer was killed by hijackers last
week. His killers didn’t care if he'd eyer been to Israel. He
was a Jew. This alone marked him for death and this is
Racism. The racist PLO terroristswho killed Leon Kl~

' inghoffer are supported by all Arabglnations in their com-
.‘mon denominator of Racism. Some support the PLO

financially (Saudi Arabia), some politically. (Syria,
Tunisia) and some by allowing (as Egypt did) four ter-
rorists to be freed twelve hours after learning of the cold
blooded murder of Leon Klinghoffer.

How sad that a student can excuse these facts and deny
therights of survival to the Jewish victims of concentra-
tion camps and refugees driven from their homes in Arab
countries. Check thevfacts; learn the truth. '

—Robin Berloff
President, Revisionlst Zionist Altematlve

For_ the record

To the Editor:

As campus ministers we feel compelled to respond to a
recent article in the ASP quoting Mr. Sorenson’s position
with regard to non-Christians. We cannot accept a picture
of a God who would condemn the majority of our
world’s population, people created by that same God. As
we are all enriched by the diversity of human cultures, so
too may our understanding of God be enriched by listen-
ing to people whose beliefs differ from our own. We
believe the tradition of Jesus of Nazareth best reflects its
model when it is characterized by a concern for the
welfare and worth of others, the healing of division and
the deferment of judgement lo a God who moves each of
us in God’s own way.

——-Sr. Nanw,Langbort
-—Fr. Jock Molyn
Roman Catholic Campus Ministry

, Unacceptable theft

To the Editor:

Today 1 wasn’t planning on writing a letter to the ASP;
however after a deplorable experience this morning 1 felt
compelled to write. The event that 1 am referring to was
the cancellation of an examination that 1 had scheduled
for this morning. But there is more to this.

The class that had this exam cancelled was a School of
Business course, namely Finance 300. The professor of
this clan, Pu Leonard Wright. offered no explanation
for the sudden cancellation; he only said that he was
"ordered to do so by lhe Dean." From what 1 have deter-
mined tho reason behind this cancellation was the theft _of
the exam sometime before 9:00 pm. Tuesday. (The test
was scxheduled for Wednesday at 11:15 am. and 1:25
pan.) This is not. of course. the ﬁrst time this has occur-
red; in fact 1 can recall five other situations last year when

i

3. :an- exam was 'stoien“ ‘prlor’ tt‘J'itS‘ schedmed mutants: - 95' ~

However all those thefts, as does this one, had one thing

- in common: the exams that were stolen were from School

of Business courses. This is atrocius and unacceptable. As
a member of the School of Business 1 am proud of my ac-
complishments. 1 am not proud, though, of the image
that these individuals have cast upon the Business School
and the University.1 did not attend SUNYA for four
years to be subjected to greedy, conniving students who
do anything to receive an “A.” This is not what attending
college was meant to be. Unfortunately, several people in
the School of Business don't seem to realize this. They
believe they must have the upper edge on their classmates
and their friends. Competition is ﬁne, when taken in
moderation. Theft. however, is a crime, and that is what
we have here. Hopefully it can be determined who com-
mitted this malicious act and the appropriate disciplining
action will be enforced. Until then, we must all suffer.
—Paul Schaffer

UUP grateful

To the Editor:

in your excellent coverage of the lecture given by irving
Howe you failed to mention that the event was co-
sponsored by Speakers Forum.

Recognizing our community of intere'st, the staff union
at Albany has joined with Speakers Forum on another oc-
casion to bring to campus an outstanding-speaker, in the
previous case 1.F. Stone, the dean of American
jounalists. _

UUP appreciates the assistance we have received from
the student group and we look forward to future
endeavors.

— Myron Taylor
.UUP Secretary

Challenges UC

To the Editor:

This letter is a rebuttal to University Cinemas’ attempt
to “clarify” my previous statements.

On their ﬁrst point, that of advance ticket sales, 1
nowhere suggested “a week or two in advance."
However, that doesn’t seem to be a bad idea, if they could
somehow get around those complicated bookkeeping pro-
.cedures of theirs. Back to the point though, the
“reasonable time" i spoke of is one half-hour in advance,
or, if that's too much to ask, at lea t 10 minutes in ad-
vance. They may instruct their managers to sell tickets 30
minutes in advance, but wake up and smell the coffee —
the fact is that we’re lucky if they'll sell them 5 minutes in
advance.

To their second point, that of long lines, let’s be

, realistic. Yes, their movie selection has improved, but

that’s not the reason for the long lines. Once again, it is
their ineptitude that causes long lines. Yes, many people
do come only 5 or 10 minutes beforehand. but that’s
because they realize that even if they come early, they
won‘t get into the theater any sooner. The sooner they
open the doors, the sooner people will get in, and the
sooner the movies can start. .

On their third point concerning the bus system, perhaps

they should reread my ﬁrst letter. My comments were not
directed toward them but toward the University. 1 suggest
that they not read more into a letter than is intended. Ob—
viously, University Cinemas can’t be held responsible for
anything but their own goof-ups. They said. “if you are
still concerned'about not being able to get downtown,
come to the early show." Why should 1 be inconvenienc-
ed just because 1 live downtown? 1 am no less a member
of this University than they are and I resent being treated
as though I were. All students should be considered when
it comes to University activities.
V On their fourth‘point, I'll admit that my sources may
have been wrong concerning University'Cinemas' yearly
budget. Perhaps they could enlighten me and the rest of
the ASP’s readers by telling us the exact amount they got
from the 1985-86 SA budget. Maybe that would put the
matter to rest.

One ﬁnal point should be made concerning their refund
policy after the Mad Max ﬁasco on October 12. it is
understandable that at times their equipment may break
down, but the fact that they couldn’t even return the
money to those moviegoers is ridiculous. is this another
fault of their “bookkeeping procedures?" if it is. perhaps
they should look into a new procedure. At least they
could have given those people a free ticket to a future
show.

Once again 1 urge the SA to look at where our activity
fee goes. it is all too apparent that the leadership of
University Cinemas is either blind, ignorant, or guilty of
all the claims 1 have made in my ﬁrst letter.

— Michael Kohut

 

Bring letters to CC 329

 

 

 

 

(.1

k

\

 

