 

i

1 4 ALBANY STUDENT mass D SUMMisai.-r9s5

 

 

I

Eric schwartzman

Paul Schaffe

Jackie DuSault

Sal Perednia

‘ LASTSHEor 1986)

(OFFICIALLY TO BE REFERRED TO AS THE SENIORS

Karen Laporta —— President
Michael Miller —— Vice President
Sharon Cassuto -— Secretary

Michele Ketcham
r Susan Meeney '
Beth Steven

Larry Goodman

ion Harrison

WELCOMES .

.Ross Abelow '

Bill McCann
Laura Cunningham

Adam Zalta

Rich Lapidus

CLASS; 1989

(OFFICIALLY TO BE REFERRED TO AS THE FRESHI’ERSONS)

TO

SUNY. ALBANY

(KNOWN AFFECTIONATELY AS THE “CONCRETE CITY”) I

 

 

 

 

SA Funded

’ xiv-NJ 13;

 

 

 

 

 

By Marc Berman
SPORTS EDlmR

Robert Campbell. a member of the

Albany State‘Chess club. Albany Chess ‘

club and Schenectady Chess club. likens

his favorite pastime to “a struggle between V

two people." ,_ -. « I -

“lt's‘ a struggle .‘of '{ideasﬂ'said' the
28-year old Campbell. who is attending
school part-time at Albany State. “It’s a
struggle of theories. Whoever masters the
struggle better then the other will be the
victor."

Campbell has- been winning that struggle.
quite frequently in his l7,yearstof com-
peting in tournament chess. As a freshman
in high school. he started playing the chess
circuit and since then he has compiled 2116
tounament points. qualifying him for the

' status of ‘candidatetnaster’ — also termed

‘exp'ert'. .
lf~Campbell‘s point total exceeds 2199.
he will be titled {master' — a goal he feels

an exclusive club considering its less‘than
100 members. _

Reaching that .perclt is something far
down the road for Campbell. I‘lt’s possi-

ble." said Campbell. who spent seven .

years after high school graduation’ in the
Marines. “But i would have to devote
more time to it.” i ' _

That might not be possible for the busy
Campbell. who is still a Marine reserve
while also holding a part-time job. in his
spare time, he is also trying to finish'his
History degree at Albany State. “Plus,”
he says. “the pay for,even for the top
players isn't so good.” ‘

Campbell still loves the game and says
playing it has made him more patient.
“Chess disciplines you to be patient." said
Campbell. the highest ranked player on the
Albany State club. “You need patience to
play the game and I think i have a lot of
It."

You could get winning position." he
continued. “but you must be patient. You
first‘must parry your opponents threats. A

5
pa:
8'
5'
3
Q 
g
a -,
3'
3
‘<

win might be 30—40 moves down the
.'road.." . - ‘ ‘

Last month. Campbell’s chess skills
were exhibited at the Campus Center.
where he conducted what is termed as a
‘simultaneous'. That is when -a'. chess

player competes against more than one op- ’

ponent at the same time. At. the Campus
Center. Campbell aligned eight chess
boards on a table and played those
passersby willing to take him on. At times,
he was playing leight challengers
simultaneously. '

“They keep you on your toes." said
Campbell regarding ‘simos’. "It's more
difficult than one-on-one and itcan get

“Fisher was a high

. . school dropout and

is attaninabie in the next few yearsuThe "l
next'step is ‘Grand Master’. which is quite ‘

)he became one of the ~
' ‘wOrId ’s greatest chess

players; " ’
—Robert Campbell

_. .g. ..a.~.a.....tm.u....“vacuum”... N...........s.............s_. .

 ‘Ei ALBANY STUDENI‘PRESS  5

an.» ,..‘sf.~r-é~'~'mra“7"' '

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

Heritage, Park

the notdrious Boris Spassky, who or- ’ ', " ' . ’ ‘ ', ’~‘ ‘ 
chesttated a ‘simo' consisting of 30
boards. Campbell put up a strong battle
before falling to the former World Cham-
pion in 57 moves.

A ‘candidatc master' since I980. Camps
bell has had some difﬁculty accumulating
enough points to surpass the 2l99 ‘rnaster'
barrier. His sum once reached 2.136. but
has leveled off since. :

“it's like a roller coaster.” said Camp-
bell, who participates in two tournaments
a month. “You do really well in a tourney
and you pick up points. thenyou don't do
well and you lose points.""’ L

The most agonizing part or tournament
play. according to Campbell. is playing an
opponent far below you in points. “If you
win you get two points. if you lose you
droip 30 points." he said. “You got to
beat those players or you're in trouble."

During Campbell’s slumps. he has had
the misfortune‘of losing to some lower- '
caliber players. "You know when you're
in a slump." said Campbell. “You start
missingthings you normally don't miss.
it's caused by fatigue and by playing too
much."

Campbell thinks that top chess players
are often misconcieved as being geniuses.
He isn‘t quite sure just how much a role
the intelligence factor plays inchess.

“(Bobby) Fisher was a high school
dropout and he became one of the world's
greatest chess players." said Campbell.

 

you exhausted. You can’t always find the'

right’moves. You have to settle for second
best."

his career including one in Okinawa. but
this marked the first one in the Campus
Center. “We were mainly trying to get
people aware that there was a chess club on
campus." he said. “We also were trying to
get some names for the fall."

. > On saturday. June 15. Campbell wagon
the other‘ side of the ‘simo’ table. when he
drew Leonid Shamkowzich, a Grand
Master who dropped by Albany to present
a chess lecture. Campbell has also played

Campbell has conducted eight ,‘simos‘ in

Campbell says there is some intelligence
involVed, but it's limited. “You just have
to know what is happening in those 64
squares. You don’t have to know anything
else outside those squares."

Campbell will be competing at Fit-
chburg. Massachussetts for his next tour-
ttament and he hopes to play at Hartford
laterin the month. 

V“lt takes fiverminutes to learn how to

. play.“, said Campbell.-"But to get good at
it you' have to spend hodrs studying and
practicing."

Judging by his stack of 100 chess books
on the shelf. Campbell itas'put in his time.

 

Campus fitness craze proves it’s ‘in’ to work out

By Heldl Gralla
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Early one foggy morning last semester. a
student emerged from her dorm on Col-
onial Quad. Pauslng only briefly for a few
effortless kneebends. she took off on a
slow jog around Perimeter Road.

it was pretty quiet at that hour; a’ time
clearly reserved for joggers. There was in
fact. about as much foot traffic on the
sidewalk as there was car traffic on
Perimeter Road itself.” .

Slowing her pace to wave to a short
plump man dripping with sweat. the stu-
dent explained. “l pass him every morning
— it’s strange. but we've never stopped
and talked." '

Once around Perimeter Road was all she
had'time for that morning. but. she said.
later she would probably head over to the
pool to swim a few laps. Next semester
she‘s registered for a figure control class at
the gym. ‘ '

She'll have plenty of company there:
physical education officials report that
most gym classes are-filled to capacity.
because fitness, they say. has become an in
pastime.‘

“Its just amazing. the amount of jogg<
ing. bicycling, swimming. and other fitness
activities going on on this campus,"
observed Ron White, assistant coaching
professor of physical education at
SUNYA. Fitness awareness on campus.
White said. has grown substantially in the
It years he's been working here.

“Students want control of their lives
and they realize that physical fitness docs
lead to it more productive life. Every year
we see more and more research that proves
it." White explained.

Physical education Classes consistently
fill up during the pro-registration period.

reported Pat Rogers, physical education
department chair. “Our biggest problem is
finding space for freshmen." she said.
She's resorted to reserving about l0 per-
cent of the class cards for freshmen. and
these. she said. "are filled the minute we
open registration."

Figure control and weight training
classes are jammed with students. The
physical education department had to
move the figure control class from the
dance studio. which has r00m for about 50
students. to the gym. where they now teach
four sections of the class with about 90
students in each section. The department
also plans to offer three new weight train-
ing classes next fall.

Dance class enrollment has
“skyrocketed.” said Rogers. explaining
that the physical education department has
gone from teaching a few classes. in
modern‘ dance. to offering courses in,
modern dance. jazz andtballct. at beginn-
ing. intermediate and advanced levels.

Students are taking advantage of the
gym's facilities in their leisure time as well.
Racquetball courts are'constantly in use
with students often waiting in line at 8
am. to sign up to use a court the following
day.

The campus fitness trend began about
Seven years ago and has been' steadily
growing since then. said Rogers. in the
first three years after the craze began.
physical education enrollment rose 30 per-
cent. Rogers said. adding. “we're now at
capacity." ‘

“We could easily enroll twice as many
students in twice as many classes it we only
had the space." Rogers said.

Last year approximately 8.500 students

ly athletically inclined. who don’t have a
real interest in something physical are fin-
ding they have a lot to choose from.

were inVolved in intramural athletics. 800
participated in intercollegiate sports; and ‘
between-3.000 and 4.000 students enrolled
in courses at the gym. according to Rogers.

In addition. to‘ participating in activities
at SUNYA’s gym. students have also been
going to area health clubs. .

Former Student Association Vice Presi-
dent Suzy Auletta joined a fitness club in
May '84. “Before last year i wouldn't have
even thought to join a health club. Now
most people I know are members in one
place or another or they‘re doing Jane
Fonda at home." said Auletta. who
graduated in May.

Several area health spas offer special
rates for students and advertise extensively
in student newspapers. “We bring students
in by the huttdreds." said Bob Bethel.
president of the Colonic Athletic Club.

“1 could just look at our ledger and tell
students are interested in physical fitness.
It's become a major thing in college." add-
ed Marilyn Marwili. an officer of the clttb.

Eric Sauter. who graduated in May. his
two housemates and another friend. all
joined the Athletic Club last September.
“it's morexthan just getting in shape, its a
social thing." said Satiter who estimated
that hetand his friends spend about two
hours three times a week at the club.

“Fitness consciousness has been
building," Suuter said. recalling, “Two
years ago, when i lived on Alumni. a
woman started an aerobics class. She had
so many members she had to go to a larger
room and then site had to offer more
classes and she started charging for them.
too."

“We‘re really seeing a lot more fitness ‘

awareness on the fringes." said Rogers.
“The people out there who aren't normal-

‘They're doing things like running. playing
softball. and getting involved with school
spirit.“ Rogers said.

informal aerobics groups have sprung
up around campus. offering students an
hour or two of exercise one night a week.
This is a popular form of exercise because
it seems relatively easy." explained White.

“Aerobics have been presented in such a
ﬂowery way that it's attractive to those
who never before enjoyed work, sweat.
and the bottom line things which create
fitness. It's been marketed quite a bit."
said White.

Aulctla offered a different reason for
the campus fitness phenomenon. “it’s like
an escape. You do it for yourself. by
yourself. and you're away from the books
arid the phone." she explained.

Sautcr suggested still another explana-
tion. “Everyone is very conscious of how
they look these days. They’re conscious of
the clothes and the jewelry they wear. You
have to look good and part of that is look-
ing healthy. it's important to look like
you’re in shape." he said.

Evert some faculty tnem hers have joined
he fitness craze. William Rainbolt. direcv
tor of SUNYA's journalism program,
enrolled iii an aerobics class at the Albany
YWCA. He spends one hour. two days per
week there. “I would like to think l'm do-
ing this because l'm health conscious." he
said. .“but i have this nagging feeling l'm
doing itout of‘guilt. i feel guilty looking
slightly overweight and not looking like a
male model in 00." [I]

 

