2 ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22. 1985

NEWS BRIEFS:

 

Worldwide
1 8 killed in black riots

Johannesburg. South AIrlca
(AP) Black rioting spread to two more
townships and the death toll from unrest at
a squatter camp near Cape Town increased
to 18 when two black teen-agers died after
being hospitalized, police said Thursday.
At the Crossroads squatter camp. torn
by rioting Monday and Tuesday, Anglican
Bishop Desmond Tutu, the Nobel Peace
Prize winner. met with residents to discuss

their fears that the government planned to .

forcibly remove them.

Tutu said the rioting that has injured an
estimated 200 people at the shanty en-
campment east of Cape Town was caused
“by the government's failure to keep the

promises made” to residents of the camp. ‘

estimated to number at least 60,000.

Poles fast in protest

Warsaw. Poland
(AP) Eight Solidarity activists camped out
in a Krakow church have urged fellow
Poles to join their bread-and-water fast as
a protest against the Communist govern-
ment’s crackdown on the outlawed union
and the Roman Catholic church.
In other action by Solidarity backers.

   

 

  

activists scattered hundreds of leaﬂets
from the rooftop of a Warsaw apartment
building less than a block from Com-
munist Party headquarters during the
evening rush home. The ﬂiers urged "par-
ticipation in a 15~minute work stoppage
sponsored by Solidarity for noon Feb._28
to protest government-planned increases in
food prices.

“We are fighting for an eight hour
working day, a price freeze, free Satur-
days. and compensation for higher costs."
one leaﬂet said.

Israeli army attacked

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP) Israeli Foreign Minister Yitzhak
Shamir has called the persistent attacks on
Israel's army as it departs Lebanon “wild
steps without logic." But angry Shiite
Moslems in south Lebanon readily offer
reasons for the bombs and ambushes.

The Shiites. and many other Lebanese,
do not believe Israel's pledge to withdraw
completely from Lebanon, and they are
convinced that Israel will leave their land
only under attack.

Shiite guerrillas have been blamed for
most of the recent assaults against the
Israelis in the 850 square miles of Lebanon
occupied by Israel's army.

The guerrillas - along with politicians
and other Lebanese - say such attacks are
what is convincing israel to pull back.

.. , .

 

 

 

   

"Immanw  _' ﬂ

 

Nationsgigg

 

Auto limits undecided.

Washington. D.C.

(AP) President Reagan is silent on whether
he will ask Japan to renew its "voluntary"
limits on automobile exports to the United
States, but some administration ofﬁcials
are speaking out in favor of ending the
quotas after they expire March 31.

Reporters questioned Reagan on Mon-
day about the quotas during a White
House photo session with British Prime
Minister Marg‘ret Thatcher, but he would
say only, “No ‘ ' ’ to be "
.on that yet." .

Nonetheless. US. Trade Representative
William E. Brock, who favors an end to
the quotas. told a congressional panel
earlier in the day that lifting the quotas
likely would mean an additional 750,000
Japanese cars would be exported to the
United States each year.

AIDS proves costly

Boston, Mass
(AP) The medical cost of the AIDS
epidemic will exceed half a billion dollars
this year, and a federal fund may be
necessary to pay for treatment of the
catastrophic disease. researchers conclude

  

-v' c 

Université Gym is expected to be jam-packed once again this weekend as the Alban State men's and women's basketball teams will be hosting the

SUNYA

)
teams might meet again in the ﬁnals on Saturday.

layoffs for the ﬁrst time Friday and Saturday. Last Saturday. the Danes owned rival Potsdam. 6347 in front ofan SRO crowd. The two

 

 

 

in a report issued Thursday. ~ _  g .

The researchers estimate that at least
400,000 people in the United States have
been infected sqfar-‘with the‘suspected
AIDS virus. HTLV-3. The disease is so
new that no one knows what proportion of
these people will actually get AIDS, or ac;
quired immune deﬁciency syndrome.

The researchers estimated that 400,000

people in the United States have antibodies
in their blood to HTLV-3. The presence of
these antibodies indicates that people have
been infected with the virus. but it doesn’t
necessarily mean that they will get AIDS.

Statewide 4-

SU'NY plan'revlewed

Albany. NY
(AP) Private colleges shouldn't fear ef‘
forts to strengthen the State University of
New York. SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton has told legislators. '

 

Wharton told the legislaure's budget '

committees Wednesday that SUNY wbuid
be a stronger institution if the Legislature
approves a plan to turn SUNY into a state
public beneﬁt corporation - as an indepen-
dent commission has recommended - to
free the university system from over-
regulatlon by state government.

Wharton said that in other states such as
California and North Carolina, strong
public universities and strong private
universities have both thrived and’existed
in harmony. - '

The SUNY chancellor said SUNY may

- gain students at the expense of private col-

leges inthe near future, however, if cuts in
federal aid to college students proposed by
President Reagan are approved. 

Powerrates may rise

' Albany. NY
(AP) Niagara Mohawk Power Corp. may
be in line for either a 1.1 percent or 2.2
percent electric rate hike by the state
Public Service Commission.

PSC Chairman Paul Gioia said Thurs-
day the decision primarily will be based on
protecting the utility’s favorable bond
rating for construction work in progress at
the Nine Mile 2 nuclear power plant. ,

Hearing ofﬁcers for the PSC had recom-
mended in December that upstate New
York's largest utility should be permitted
to raise its electric rates 2.23 percent to
generate an extra $44.2 million annually,
and raise its natural gas rates by 1.97 per-
cent or an extra $13.7 million.

Gioia said the commission had infor-
mally agreed to gas rates that would be
slightly less than what the hearing officers
recommended. but could not be more
speciﬁc until the ﬁnal decision is reached
next month.

 

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

free listings

CLASS OF 1988 ‘will hold a
council meeting on Sunday.
March 3 in the SA Lounge at 8

m.

STUDENT POLITICAL
AWARENESS Nile will Ieature
guest speaker Assemblyman
Richard Connors and represen-
tatives Irom various student ac-
Ilvlst groups. The event will be
held on Alumni Quad on
Wednesday. Feb. 27 at 7:30 pm.
Admission Ia lree.

JEREMY KARPOTKIN. NA-
TIONAL Youth Organizer lot the
Democratic Socialist of America.
will speak on “New Directions
Ior Social Change"on Friday.
Feb. 22 at 4 pm In CC 370.

 

 

TOM GALLAGHER. EDITOR
ol the Eagle Press. will speak on
publishing and editing on Mon-
day. Feb. 25 at 7:30 pm In HU
354. All are welcome.

PLEDGE OF RESISTANCE, a
national campaign to prevent
us. military escalation In El
Salvador and Nicaragua. will
hold a meeting on Sunday. Feb.
24 at 7 pm at Saint Andrew's
Episcopal Church In Albany. For
more Inlormatlon. call 4632356.

The OFFICE OF INTERNA-
TIONAL PROGRAMS will spon-
sor meetings Ior students in-
terested In studying In Wurz-
burg. Braunschwelg. Denmark.
or Madrid. For more information.

call 457-8678.

A BEACH PARTY to benellt
the Northeastern New York
Chapter ol the March oI Dimes
will be held at the Turf inn In
Albany on Saturday. Feb. 23
Irom 8 pm to midnight. For ticket
lnlormatlon call 783-9363.

PROFESSOR JACOB REICH
oI Baruch College. will lecture
on “Distribution Measures Ior
Weighted Sums oI Independent
Variables" on Tuesday. Feb. 26
in ES 140 at 4:15 pm.

An EVENING OF NEGRO
SPIRITUALS will be sponsored
by the NAACP on Sunday. Feb.
24 at 7 pm at the Metropolitan
Baptist Church. Albany. For

more information, call 462-1823.

CHINESE STUDENTS
ASSOCIATION will sponsor a
Chinese New Year's Celebra-
tion on Saturday, Feb. 23. For
more Inlormatlon. call 4574845.

"REAL GEORGE'S
BACKROOM" television show
will be shown in the SUNYA
Rathskeller every Wednesday
night at 7pm.

BOB MAYER will give a
presentation on Telecom-
munications and how It will al-
lect us In the Iulure on Thurs-
day. Feb. 28 at 8pm In L06. The
lecture ls sponsored by Delta
Sigma PI.

MID-EASTERN ETHNIC

’ deadline ls March 1.

DANCE classes will begin
Thursday. March 14 at SUNYA
through the Division of Continu-
lng Studies. For further informa-
tIon. call 466-6121.

PURPLE AND GOLD ls ac-
cepting applications Ior
membership from members ol
the classes ol 1988 and 1981.
Applications are available Irom
the Alumni House andthe OIIlce
ol Campus LIIe. CC 130. The

SIGMA DELTA PI. the
Spanish honorary society. Ia ac-
ceptln applications for
membership until Thursday.
Feb. 28. Applications are
available In HU 233A.

 

4-..‘1

 

\ .

 

  

x

 

 

Dr Helen Fisher

By Kathleen Stack .

The first sexual revolution did not happen in
the sixties, theorizes one anthropologist. but
rather occurred at the same time that humans
were evolving from the apes over four million
years ago. v '

Speaking as part of Sexuality Week. Dr. Helen
Fisher, author of “The Sex Contract: The Evolu-
tion of Human Behavior.” traced male-female
relationships to the time that our ancestors were
forced to leave the trees for life on the ground.

“The move to the ground must have terrified
'our ancestors. They undoubtedly stuck‘ together
at this time." said Fisher. adding that the move
also led to the need for humans to walk, stand
and carry things. This. Fisher said she believes,
was the beginning of the “real” sexual
revolution.

Walking on two legs reduced the size of the
female birth canal, making it more difﬁcult to
give birth, said Fisher. “Females beganlto deliver
smaller, more .infantile young with longer

them." . . _ ‘ .

Females lost their “period of heat” during the
evolutionary process, said Fisher, adding “those
females with longer periods in which they would
copulate would receive more protection from
males, simply because more males would be
around. It would be to the female's advantage to
entice one male to help her raise her child.”
Fisher refered to the bond as the "sex contract."

The male also drew some benefit from the con-
tract. "there was undoubtedly a lot of competi‘
tion between males to copulate with the female.
so it would be to his advantage to stay with one
, female. This was the beginning of monogamy.”
she said.

 

 

The sex contract led to the evolution of sexual emotions.

Fisher ‘t-rdCesorigins of sex reies

, kind of family is emerging, and, according._to
childhoods, so,they needed more help in raising

.of families with more adults for the children'to

 in ‘
HOWARD WGARUI‘S

The sex contract led to the evolution of sexual '
emotions such as ﬂirting, infatuation. sexual
guilt, and sexual jealousy. said Fisher. adding
“these are all emotions that we have developed to
keep the sexual bond." ‘

But Fisher contended the bonds were not
necessarily permanent. Lately. she said, she has
been trying to develop a rationale for the soaring
divorce rate, and she noted that the average mar<
riage in America which ends in divorce lasts bct<
ween five and seven years. “‘It is possible that this
reﬂects a tendency to bond long enough for one
child to be raised through infancy.” said Fisher.

The American divorce rate can be seen as a
reﬂection of the rising economic equality of the
sexes, said Fisher. “With the beginning of the In-
dustrial Revolution. women began to move into
the job market and own their own land. They
became freer to leave a bond when they wanted
to," she explained. , .. . . - ' '

As the nuclear family unit breaks down,'a new‘

Fisher. this new “extended family" could have
positive aspects. “We are moving into new types

look upon as role models," said Fisher.

The roots of promiscuity'may also be found in
our primitive ancestors. said Fisher. For males. it
was a matter of pride to have many children, she
said. adding it was a way in which males asserted
their masculinity. According to Fisher's theory.
female promiscuity may have begun as a way in
which our female ancestors could be assured a
constant source of security and support. As long
as there was a question of who the father of her
children was. she could be assured some form of
support. said Fisher.

_ 15>

 

 

 

Cross-SUN Y fast ra

By J. Michael Malec'
STAFF WRITER

ises $1; 7,

By Ilene Weinstein
EDITORIAL “In”

SUNYA’s faculty. staff, and

' students will take to wheelchairs

and tour campus facilities for the

.disabled as part of Monday’s

Disabled Awareness Day.

“it sounds like a new course ——
“Awareness IOI."' said one
student.

According to University Action
for the Disabled (UAD) President
Robert Pipia. about 20 people
will perform designated tasks
around the campus in
wheelchairs. on crutches. or

Participants were chosen
because they “were key people
who could help the disabled.”
said Rich Dalton, Student
Association (SA) Student Com-
munity Committee. one of the
groups co-sponsoring the event.
UAD and Student Action Com-
mittee are also co-sponsoring the
event.

Disabled Awareness Day will
be officially declared by Universi-
ty President Vincent O'Leary at

a"

   

.-—- 'n‘

UAD Presidcn Robert Pipia

    

  

12:15 in front of the Campus
Center. Participants will meet in
the President’s Conference Room
at 4 pm. that day to discuss their

. experiences. said Pipia.

Tasks are designed to show the
participants what has been done
on the campus to help disabled
people and what still needs to be
done, said UAD Vice-President
John Meirs.

“The level of accessibility on
this campus has increased a lot
over the past year." said UAD.
member Sandra Lamb, who
noted that new electric doors have
been installed all over campus.

“We hope that this event will
bring about changes in the univer-
sity physically.” that might help
the disabled, said Dalton.

Disabled Awareness Day will

end Monday night at 8 pm. with '

a wheelchair hockey game bet-
ween members of UAD and
members from 'each campus
fraternity. The film “A Diffenent
Approach.” about employment
of the disabled. will e shown
after the game.

MARK MEDIAVILLAUI’S

Twenty people will perform tasks in wheelchairs. on crutches. or

blindfolded.

500 to. aid Ethiopia

nationally with the people of Ethiopia. and
within the University.

      

  

jiimms‘tmuttx-..’ ~  '

Students at six SUNY schools raised-

about $17,500 for the hungry in Ethiopia
February 17 in a statewide fast of solidari-
ty. Over half the money was raised at
SUNYA. , . ,

A check for $8,154 was presented to

Madeline Cuomo. the national chair of.

Students Opposed to Poverty (STOP),
Wednesday, representing the sacriﬁce of
many SUNYA students in the “Skip A

' Meal" fundraiser held the week before.

Cuomo. who said she was pleased with

the effort. stated “I want to say thank you‘

to everyone on campus. especially the
fraternities Kappa Sigma Alpha. Alpha
Epsilon Pi, and Zeta Beta Tau who helped
so much."

The check was given by University Aux-
iliary Services General Manager Norbert
Zahm. who noted that this “skip a meal"
campaign was the most successful In the
history of the University. According to
Zahm, 5.436 of about 6,100 students on
the meal plan did not eat that night. “This
is really remarkable- The best previous
'skip a mettl' had,no more than 3,500 to
4,000 participants. apd most have only

 

 

them." Zahm said.

Colonial Quad gave the most support.
followed closely byState. but all Quads
helped. and. he added, unlike previous
events. he received no complaints. he said.

Campus Ctr-coordinator for STOP
Joanne Fuchs said. ‘fin a University so big.

‘ 6.300 on campus. and, |l6.000 total, we are

“W '-°°° W“ “Tips? Ergo". .0" that. . very Pissed li‘glsit’tl‘lillw melt the, lineup

“1'49"” Parlieitét'eiiz, 5MP},

y. P5999! 'o‘f

 .."<»«al&v>i.... _ mt” ..

. elevaltddltiuiscteallze ihstztllsrs its me: .

'l‘hc cafeterias were empty a week ago Wednesday.

  

    

SIIARI ALBERTUI’S

blem. and that they can do something
about it.”

(Io-coordinator Christopher Thomas
also reported that a group of students on
Alumni Quad held a Coffeehouse and mis-
cd $80 for Ethiopia. “This was completely
independent and on their own initiative.
STOP didn’t organize it. they did,” he
Suitinnc said that Ihlc‘trqgcldyahus helped 19

l

’ develops a‘sen's'e of community‘.  lilii-r-Z' ’

One surprise beneﬁciary of the “skip a
meal” was Pine Hills Pizza. which delivers
to the SUNYA campus. Pine Hills
Manager David Laube reported a
“remarkable and substantial" increase in
business the night of the fast. That may
help Christopher Reo and Annie

'Molesphini. who. according to Cuomo.

are coordinating the involvement of local
businesses with the STOP campaign. “For
example a hairstylist who charges $12 for a
cut might donate $5 to STOP when a stu-
dent mentions STOP. We also want to get
collection cans into the businesses fre-
quented by students." Cuomo said.

She reported that the next event schedul-
ed for the Albany campus is Lt party in the
Rat on Saturday. March 2. with the pro-
ceeds going to STOP. She also stressed the
fundraiser at the Manhattan club. The
Area. on March 11. noting that although
the admission is $100 per person. students
will be admitted for $20 after it) p.m.

“It should be a really good time. Maybe
some of us in Albany can cur—pool anti get
down there.“ she said. She also said a list
of the perfortiters for the planich April 27
STOPr concert [at the1 Currier Dome Iin

', ‘J FRIDAXJQRDAR y‘ 22,9i9é5  
v-‘Univ. ready“ 17° WHO“ 
Disabled Awareness

.Fﬁyl’ituit will lttsotllnlst'ssi'ssbm. . . . , .Li’

 
 

