 

' 6 'AL‘BANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1985

Guaranteed loans are focus
of student insurance scam

Denver, Co.
COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE The insurance
agent who visited Bristol Harris and his
parents this summer gave the family what
they called “a hard-sell."
“They went through everything real fast."
Harris, now a freshman at the University
of' Colorado, recalled. “I felt they were

. trying to make things unclear,” vplaining the firm’s policies properly.

Eventually his family bought‘a 343.000 An investigator in the Oklahoma In-
universal life insurance policy for $25 per ~surance Commisioner's ofﬁce said Oc-
month, with the understanding the policy cidental ﬁred somed of it‘s agents earlier
would guarantee Bristol access to ‘ a this year after ﬁnding they improperly us-
federally-guaranteed student loan. ‘ ed student loans as bait to sell life

No insurance policy. of course, could insurance.
get Bristol a Guaranteed Student Loan,
and 651. applicants don't have to buy in-
surance to get GSLs from a bank, but Col-
orado insurance investigators say a
number of local families bought the GSL
policies this summer.

it's happening elsewhere, too.

Brigham Young University recieved
complaints about the GSL policies in
August. Families in several southern and
southwestein states got similiar sales pit-
ches earlier in 1985. reported Jean
Frolicher of the National Council of
Higher Education Loan Programs.

Colorado insurance examiner Tony
Tucker said that the policies that were sold
are legitimate.

But. he said. the agents wrongfully
asserted that buying the insurance policy
would guarantee students access to a
federal student loan. or tht many banks
are getting out of the student loan business
because interest rates are dropping.

in fact. banks are competing to make
loans this fall. The only way a student can
get a GSL is to meet federal eligibility
requirements.

“I said. ‘What if I don’t want an in-
surancc policy,“' Bristol recalled of his

meeting with the salesman. "it was ap-
parent that we had to get the insurance to
get the loan. ”

.The Colorado agents were all selling
policies for Occidental Life of North
Carolina. Ken Johnson, marketing diTCC<
tor for Occidental’s student loan program,
confirmed that some agents were not ex-

unlike the states involved. has yet to find
an instance of misrepresentation in the
cases it has inveestigated. “People inter-
preted the sales pitch to mean something
other than what was said," said Sharon
Messenger of the department. “Con-
sumers need to take time to read the fine
print.” ~

Messenger said the problem frequently

arises because insurance ﬁrms, which
themselves can loan money to students, are
allowed to make access to the student
loans they offer conditional on buying an
insurance policy. Misrepresentation only
occurs if the agent indicates it may be im-
possible to get a student loan from any
other lender, or if the agent indicates that
buying a policy will guarantee the student
a loan.
Messenger said complaints arising from
this confusion are “a continuing pro-
blem.” and are no more prevalent this year
than in years past.

Frolicher. however. said the problem
surfaced within the past year. She said
federal official are not doing enough to
correct the problem. . E]

But the U.S. Department of Education,’

NEWS UPDA TES .

O’Leary set to move

Vincent O’Leary. president of SUNY
Albany. is moving from his current Sl-
ingerlands residence to a home in Loudon-
ville, University officials said Monday.

According to Tuesday’s Albany Times-
Union. a i4-room house on 2.5 acres of
land on Loudonville Road has been pur-
chased for $225,000 by the not-for-proﬁt
State University Benevolent Association.

The University had been leasing a house
from Dr. Raymond Elliott. However, Dr.
Elliott has notified the University that in
November the lease shall be terminated.

Campus representative Sheila Mahan
said that part of the home would be for the
president’s personal use,and part for
entertaining faculty, staff and community,
leaders.

Companions needed

The Albany-based Center for the
Disabled is looking for volunteers to
become parttime companions for the
developmentally disabled. This job will
teach new skills and give experience to
volunteers. ,

Volunteers can assist during the lunch

time hours. in classrooms, on field trips
and in the swimming pool. Weekend
volunteers are also needed to assist in
leisure activities.
The disabled come from the Albany,
Colonic, Latham and Loudonville areas.
if you wish to get involved, call Mary Cox
at 458-8803.

Guinness date set

SUNY Albany will be in The Guinness
Book of World Records upon the next
publication of the collection of planetary
superlatives.

Last April 20, SUNYA established a
new record for the most participants in a
game of musical chairs. However. the
mark went unreported in the Guinness

 

book in it’s previous edition.

 

The reason for this, according to Betty
Ginzburg, program director for the Stu-
dent Association, is that in order to attain
world record status. one must wait out a
three month certification process.

According to Ginzburg,.Albany State
has just achieved this status. and will ap-
pear in the upcoming edition.

Greek Council ready

The lnterfraternity council. :1 neWiy
formed organization consisting of thirteen
fraternities, elected their ’officers and
ratiﬁed their constitution and by-laws last
week. V
, The Council named RossAbelow, of

Kappa Sigma Alpha, Presidentaﬂowie .

Sonneschein. President of ZetaBeta Tau
was named executive vice-president. The
rush vice-president elected was, Mike
Leibowitz of Pi Lambda Phi and John Liz-
zuli of Alpha Kappa Epsilon was named
secretary. ‘ . ., .
Barry Black of Tau Kappa Epsilon was
named Treasurer, Larry Fox of Zeta Beta
Tau was named Judicial Board Chair, and
Charles Green was elected Member-At-
Large. ,;

Pan Hellene, a council for sororities,
will be set up next semester to work with
the lnterfraternity Council. 

Honor Society tori

Phi Alpha Theta. the international
honor society of history at SUNY Albany,
has taken first place as the society’s best
chapter. The chapter’s name is Chi Delta.

SUNYA’s chapter has won this alvard
for the past three years. The 1954-85
award was shared with New Mexico State
University. while the previous year
SUNYA was the sole recipient. '

Phi Alpha Theta has 652 'chapters in the
United States and Canada. Last year; Chi'
Delta invited James Hudson. Chief of the
Manuscripts Division of the Library of

 

. Wellington

 

Congress. to campus to speak on the
federal constitutional convention of 1787.

 

 

a hObby

-SHO0T FOR THE AS P
'WORK ON THE YEARBOOK
-FREEI.ANCE
-PHOTOGRAPH CONCERTS

 

Fer those who consider
photography more than

PHOTO SERVICE

interest meeting:SUN.
SE PT.22

7:30p.m.
CC. 305

 

SA SPONSORED

By Karen E. Beck

Gripes. Students certainly have them
and they make great dinner conversation,
but many complaints may no longer have
to' fall up'on deaf 'ears. Starting this
semester. students will have the opportuan
ty to share their complaints. opinions and
ideas with University President Vincent
O’Leary. .

A series of informal discussions called
"Conversations With the President” will
be aimed at “satisfying the continuing
need to personalize this campus.” said
Frank Pogue. Vice President for Student
Affairs-"‘9‘ ' '

O’L‘édl'y‘ls‘planning to conduct discus-
sionségsio'ns on all five quads. Other plans
includeia discussion to be held in the Cam-
pus Cériter; aimed speciﬁcally at problems
encouht’ered by ofﬁcampus students, and
a live call-in conversation with O’Leary to
be aired 'on *the campus radio station,
WCDB." ' '

The' first meeting will be held on Thurs-
day. ' eptember 26 at 7:00 p.m. in the
Dutch Quad Flagroom. , .

“There's been an emphasis over the past
two yb‘ars to organize faculty/student ac-

 é.
ﬁREYou

OVERCROWDED?

The

      

, -:.‘StUdent
. “Annex, ‘
136 State
Street, '
Albany, .

has single

 

 

 

 

rooms with

private
hem.

available.

Contact:

Robert

Vincent
Resident...
Manager
434-41 41

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

P012511
'U.ii suggested llM min-

the students," said Pogue. “Faculty
members can serve as very positive role
models. The quality of life outside the
classroom and within the classroom are
positively related." *-
O'Leary said he sees “Conversations
With the President" as being a very useful
form of communication between himself
and the students. “Over the years, I've
considered it important to communicate
directly with the students. It’s‘ very useful

l for me to talk to students about issues that

concern them."

This year, O'Leary is trying to meet and
talk with students “in a more organized
fashion." He explained that “we‘re trying
to organize around certain areas, for ex-
ample, starting with all the quads.”

“Meeting students had previously been
less structured. We’re now trying to do it
more systematically." said O’L'eary.

The discussions are open to all students.
but key groups with which O'Leary will be
working are Quad Boards, Resident Assis-
tant Advisory Boards and selected
students. Along with the president. Pogue
as well as a number of other Vice
Presidents will participate in the
discussions.

 

  

‘ CATALOG-
ENTER 4

X=YT

   
 
 

     

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1985 El ‘ALBANY STUDENT PRESS” 7

O’Leary plans igrip’e'sessions’with Students

John Martone, Director of Residential
Life and Tom Gebhardt, who is in charge
of Off-Campus Housing, also helped to
organize the program.

“Many issues brought up at the SA (Stu-
dent Association) Central Council summer
retreat to Dippikill will be reiterated.” said

'Pogue. Among the issues are the 2| year

old drinking age and student housing. The
Dippikill retreat has been an annual event
for eight years.

“The president will allow students to
develop an agenda and ask him anything
they want," said Pogue. “We feel it’s a
good way to exchange ideas about matters
that are of concern to the students."

“These conversations are for students,"
explained Pogue. “We felt it would be
counter-productive to direct the conversa-
tion at specific issues."

O’Leary held an annual dinner party at
his home on Wednesday, September 18 to
which members of Student Association
and Central Council were invited. A total
of 44 students attended. “We decided to
expand on this and appear at several places
to talk about things that affect students."

“Students have some concerns which
are aimed at and pointed in the direction

no equal.

ALPHA g

money functions.
Our new module is also sub-programmable. so you
ex ’ can quickly access just a portion of a program. or trans-

t cation to our own rogram.
LlN " his}; iT’s even mlenu-driveg. That eliminates overlays
V : reduces the number of prom ts. .
hurt, you get everything its gomg to take to help
make the grade in everything from Linear Algebra
h’ 'sics to Electronics to Statics and Dynamics. '

e HP-41 is a deal all its own. its operating
stern is so advanced. it doesn't need an “equals
:Little wonder it'ls preferred by more engineers
other calcu ator.

This is a limited time offer. Call (800) FOR-

.C.Ask for Dept. 6583. We‘ll instantly give

u the name of a dealer who has no equal.
it—now. The phone call is free.

ut our new module won't be for long.

TAN -‘ A ' .,
- s

 
 
 
 

any

 

Get our new $49'- software module
when you buy an HP-41.

it’s a deal that has no equal. for a calculator that has

Our new HP-41 Advantage software modole packs
12K of ROM. One and a half times the capaCity of any
other HP-4l module. Large enough to hold the most
popular engineering. mathematical and Manual pro-
grams ever written 0 ' '

You get comprehensxve advanced matrix math func-
tions, roots of equations and polynomials. integrations.
base conversion and logic functions. and time value of

of change,” said Pogue. “The president
and various vice presidents can address
these problems immediately or refer the
problem to an appropriate source.”

“Any funding for the ‘Conversations’
would come from the poresident's ac-
count,” added Pogue.

“Next semester," he said, “we will con-
tinue to do what we’ve always done. That
is, to visit the different cafeterias and talk
to students at dinner."

Indian Quad Board President. Don
Smirti. said he feels “Conversations With
the President” is “a wonderful idea.” He
added, “Students need an open forum in
which they can discuss problems and ideas
with people in leadership positions."

Ross Abelow. SA Vice President, said
“it's great that the president of the univer—
sity is going out of his way to meet with the
students. It shows that he really cares
about the students. Students should get a
better attituide toward the administration
because of the discussions.

SA President Steve Gawley agrred. say-
ing, “Having President O'Leary available
to directly address student concerns will
add an air of open accesibility to the
university.” [I

      
    
  
  

r the HP—4l.

[i] H EW LETT
I” PACKARD
n73 EﬁiEé—nﬁvﬁh; EeﬁmTi-Te—rchT
proof-of-purchasc to prove it. Please

send me my free software module.

  

_______~____________7 _
Name

Addresii '—

City Sum —# M ""2;

Phone Numb??—

HP-Iil Srrlnﬁ‘mnihcr-
Mall coupon with pruof-ul-pulchnuo'iu:
Hewlett-Packard Co.. c/o Direct Mail
Projects/M-M. P1). llox 10598.

Portland. Oregon 97209

on" not rulnrnnble u Mr dulu. Irv.“ mm herniation“!
human 8/18/35 Indll/l5/03.l1nnlupu mun be postmarked
by HIST/BB. Good only In U.S.A.Votil w
or mutant by I". "P employ-e purchuu nul nimhn. an”
EU wink- for lllllvﬂy.

   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 

 

     
  
    

     
 
  

 
  
   

  
     
    
    
 
 

  
   
    
  

   
 
   
  

  
 

 
  
 
   
    
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

 
 
 
  
 
 
  

  
 
 
  
   
 

  
   
 
   
  

  
    
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
       
  
 
 
 
 

   
 
 
 
   
  

  
   
  
 

    
  

