 

PHoiD EV

STUDIOS
ANNIE LEIBCNITZ. COURTESY UNIVERSAL

(Crmlr‘nuerlfrmn page (i)
and a couple of other roommates near
tlte USC campus—was easier than adapt-
ing herself to dorm life.

She disliked dorm living because she
was arbitrarily placed in a room with
three other girls. One became a friend,
but tlte other two were incompatible.
The experience with her boyfriend was
different.

"it takes a commitment. but it's not
like getting married. i wanted to move in
with this person. it didn't seem like such
a malor step, but more like lust a part of
college life, because there were always
people around us."

Though she is attracted to creative
people who have the same interests as
she does—acting, writing, and the thea—
ter — she is clear-eyed about loving
someone in the ans.

"It's hard to keep going with someone
who's way up and way down. It takes a
lot of work and self-reliance to have a
relationship with an actor."

Yet, in some ways, it's easier, she says,
than with non-professionals.

“1 either get ‘Oh, my God! i saw you
in the movies,’ which makes me blush
[and blush she did, at the embarrassing
recollection] —or a guy will meet me
and pretend it [her substantial fame]
doesn't exist."

The people she's closest to are those
she's met since coming to Los Angeles,
four years ago.

"One is a singer who‘s been through
everything with me. Another person I

February/Maer I985. Ampersand

 

 
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

man who acts, and who is a photo-
grapher and architect.  i know a lot of
people, but I have lust a few close
friends."

Part of that selectivity may be attri-
buted to the fact that she actively func-
tioned in a sophisticated adult world in
New York, as she was growing up.

When she was 12, she danced with the
American Ballet Theater, and also wrote
her best-selling children's tale. The book
was an outgrth of a story she hap-
pened to tell her mother, a literary
agent. Then she began writing features
for such publications as The New York
Times, The Village Voice and Ms. maga-
zine.

Since then, Ally has been serious
about her writing and hopes to continue
penning short stories, poetry and novels
——in addition to acting

Another element in Ally‘s early matur-
ity is quite likely due to her parents’ di-
vorce. She lived six months with her
father, an advertising executive. and six
months with her mother. After her par-
ents split up, Ally was bitter for a while,
running scared and feeling it was best
not to need anyone. But her attitude
eventually changed.

“in my mind, my mother was a
pioneer. She was among a group of
feminists who built women's liberation.
She focused on her career and not on
needing a man. To tell you the truth,
that's as bad as telling a girl she can only

have a lot in common with is a young!

 

Shady chores
a snug momont
with Mold-u
Club co-oul'
Emlllo Estevan.

    

Leaving behind her parents' two
households and her younger sister and
brother, Ally came to Los Angeles at age
18 with two objects in mind—to further
her acting career and to attend USC.

Luck in ﬁnding the right agent was
with her from the start. Fiercer loyal,
Ally has continued with that same agent
——and public relations representative, as
well—since coming to Hollywood.

In such a ﬁckle business, that’s a real
rarity. She spent her ﬁrst two years of
college balancing her studies with star-
ring roles in television movies and
after-school specials.

Her first ﬁlm was Bad Boys with Sean
Penn, and one of the professional expe-
riences she‘s proudest of, to date, is hav-
ing had the guts to go through the trau-
matic rape scene.

With WarGames she got her ﬁrst real
exposure to fame——-and it was a shocker.

The motion picture opened in June,
1983, when Ally was in Denver, doing
the lead in Mark Medoﬁ‘s play, Majestic

Kid.

"From June through August, I didn‘t
know at all that it was that successful.
When I came back, it started to hit me. It
was hard to deal with. All of a sudden,
people seemed to know who i was. I
was taken aback . . . it was hard for me to
assimilate.

"Most people think that that period
should have been most exciting, but to
me it was most painful. My relationships
sinned changing. At ﬁrst, I started to pre-

 

be a mother."

tend it didn't happen. Then, I started cry~

ing : lot. it seemed like my friends and
peers were either very attracted or com-
pletely repelled by it.

"i couldn't let myself be too swayed
one way or another. I had to let it hap-
pen, [but it's] frightening when some-
thing big happens and you don't know
what the new way will 

Today, Ally has learned to handle
celebrity status with some aplomb. Ad-
mitting to being a homebody who enloys
reading, cooking, long walks on the
beach by herself, Ally rarely goes to Hol~
lywood parties or screenings. “When I
go, it’s a major effort on my part," she
laughs.

Because her appearance has changed
since WmGumes, with her new short
haircut, Ally can still walk around with-
out being constantly recognized.

She says she's not mobbed the way
her friends Rob Lowe and Demi Moore
are.

“Sometimes I am recognized. and

people will come up to me and say
something like 'Thank you for your per-
formance.‘
I "i think there's something approach»
able about me, yet a lot of times peo—
ple have a certain amount of respect
for privacy." .

That privacy may greatly diminish, as
her new ﬁlms open. The Breakfast Club
is an ensemble piece, set in an upper-
middle-class suburban high school li-
brary serving as a detention room. in it,
Ally plays Allison Reynolds — a seem-
ingly disturbed, painfully withdrawn girl,
who spends nine very intimate hours
with Emilio Estevez, Anthony Michael
Hall,Judd Nelson and Molly Ringwald.

Ally says that what was most difficult
about this ﬁlm was that it all takes place
in one day. That meant wearing the same
clothes and spending eight weeks on
camera with the same ﬁve people.

By one of those quirks of acting fate,
Ally is now back working with Nelson
and Estevez in St Elmo’s Fire. Now film-
ing in Washington, D.C., the story centers
on college friends who graduate from
Georgetown University and who are
now in their “freshman year" of life.

Ally's other soon-to-be-released ﬁlm is
Twice in a Life Time. in this contempo-
rary drama. she plays Helen Mackenzie,
youngest daughter of Gene Hackman
and Ellen Burstyn, a couple who seek a
divorce, after 28 years of marriage.

Though it‘s the screen that has given
her greatest recognition, Ally is proudest
of her acting in two other media— the
stage and on radio.

"Working through my limitations in
Majeuic Kid, when WarGumes came out
was one challenge. Another was Buried
Child, a play i did at USC. Ever since I
was a freshman, i wanted to be on the
main stage at USC. Playing to my peers
was very important."

For a young adult of the 80‘s, radio
seems a strange, almost ancient medium
for triumph; yet Ally waxes positively lyr-

 

(Conrinued on page 19)

 

 

    
 
   
     
   
   
 
 
 

JEmtEv OSBORNE
Dorrrsmv

   

mun-mun
GMOSTBUSTERS

musician“
vacuum-u

   
   

our: mun cut:
mlIIEVOIIIWIVWﬂ

 
 
 

DONNA SUMMER
Coll Wllhoui MI

 
 

GENESIS

STEVIE NICK!
THE WILD HEART

    
 
   
      
 
       
        
   
  

31m

El SAM HARle

 

NEW EDITDON

  
 

  
 

GEORGE JONES
LADIES' CHOICE .

   
 
    
 
   
  
 

ROMEO VOlD
INSVYNCTS

 
 

JIIJS? 329118
 E
JIIBJI

tumu nucleus“
chum! urn

           
  
 

      
    

      
  

   
  
   

 
 

  
  

vuuousumﬂl
VDUANDI

329979

KEV l1er mo

“mt-spams

"EL "mm
mmth

TEVlE WONDER

JIBOBB we or: noon 5
[EB onsarzsrmrs IMMn In ma

  

 
  
 

T070
ISOLATION

   

  
 

   
  

3299.1-

Mou: warmer
E]

“éng m5 MED ls DONE

       
  
      
 

300005
in

    

Columbia Record at Thpo Club, PO. Box 1130. Torre Homo, ind. 47811

I am enclosing check or mono order tor $1.86 (that‘s it let it selections. plus
$1.85 for shipp rig and handling! Please accegi my application under term
outlined in this a variisement. agree to buy more selections (at r ular Club

5 mm...
"steam" mucosa

utxcvmnmumwuum z "Emﬂlloﬂnmllluumﬂﬂl
mucth umuucuonhwlvl Imam-tum A um“ um

prices) in the next 3 years—and may cancel membership anytime alter olng 50.

Write in number:
oi 11 selections

azam
396170

  
 

   
      
  
  
 

     

270817

sum 1:...) 3m:

ME _
Ice Elf-3mm "3‘" Send my mutton: In this type at rooomin (check? one):
you: C! Cassettes D Records Ci B-Track ar‘indges

3948"

 
   

My main musical Intern-t ll (chock one):
(But Imay always chooserrom any caisgor

DNARD nook sonnoot POP
Van Halon, Pal BOMIEI. Jloal aging; “Blarovlgsmalbm. Bury
. . . , BmcoSpn‘ngsioon u W it: an! I
— lectlon Without havtng had al
An time ou can at 11 records or tapes iora penn lhai's decision. Iiyou ever receive any Se I new V DEBVUS m 0 (“954mm
3 s¥eall Aha mars Exactly what you at it you join the olumbia least 10 days to decide. you may return it at our expense. WM Nylon" 1 3am” Mvam 013‘” MM mm

as and records you order during your membership

I ms ri hi 6
Record 8' Tape cum under this on“ gm your 11 a DU 9 will be bil ed at to ular Club prices, which currently are $7.98 to

away. simply fill In and mail the application t ether with your

Mandroil, Oak Ridge Boys Smalls. Johnny Mathis E] M21 (no B-tlnckai

 

 

 

ior 1.86 as a ment t at‘s 1G ior our $9.98—plus shipp ng and handling. (Multiple-unit sets and Dou- Em.
 gglrggnrlaerllsopflfg$t8§tocovefshippingland handilny).ln ble ﬁelections ma be somewhat'higher.) It you decide to Em}.
exchange you simply agree to buy 8 more tapes or recor s (at continue as a mem ralter completing your enrollment agree- CJMlu Prlnli'lrslNHlnc mum tulNlmn
regular Club prices) in the next three years—and you may ment. you Ilbeeliglble forourmoney-savmg bonus plan. ‘ Mm" A",
cancel membership anytime after dolng 5a 10-Day Free Trial: we'll send details oi the Club‘s operation With Sm.
How the Club operates: every four weeks (13 times a year) your introductory shipment. Ii you are not sattsiied for any elm 7m

Do you have a telephone? (check on) El Von D

No V‘lSlS
(chock ono) D You El No

reason whatsoever, ust return everything within to days for a

' ' rib s the
0” '1 receive the cums mum magaz'ne‘ wmh desc e lull refund and you Will have no iurtherobllgation. So act new!

election or the Month for each musical lnteresi..,plus hun-
dreds oi alternates from every lield oi music. in addition. up to
six times a year you may receive ofiers oi Special Selections.

you have Icrodiicurd'l
rm: oliul nui'ulllam! ill APO FPQ Alma, Haw-u. MID Rm mm: Vol
calm olaliamailvu allot c-nnamn madam: "new Irum tomato

 

NOTE: nll lppiicltlono Iro oubloci to rovlow and Columbia
Hotm

 

CI b I f t t lot up to numlthorlghtioroloctonylppliution. D xuuzdrwrmmruﬂmlggz. :
u rces‘ oraoa nooun MW nmasoon 05 I -
g :1 regu'ar p Special staanotlr-Momborsh -Now Olior: you may also cnp'oso ypur “goall gram: L‘mmmyppnéf m
. ~ __ r s so it -
If you w sh to receive the Selection of the Month or the seismic" "9"! now and we" 9 VB ii to You ior at least 60% o u 8r u Wmmyem

Special Selection. you need do nothin —it will be shipped

 

p
scouni purchase reduces urmam
I a

 

prices (only $2.99). Enclose aymoni now and you'll receive it wii ggur 11 l
l
l
l

rshlp
. reler an alternate 59 action, or none at all. "on lmmgdla‘aly— ul be required to buy just me e “ ns
lllllgrlllglfeaslgdrfilgggrd always provided and mail it by the date (instead ol a) in the next three years. Just check box In application and ltll in Fl" "1 "in b0! '0 9" your 50""! Aiburn> I I
specliied. You will always have at least 10 days to make your ma number you wanl now “3qu MST/AF nsvlze nswlzr

 

