PA§“§TON

Love and Work—A Perfect Duo

ach day you spend in college brings you closer to the day
you'll be leaving it behind.
thing: having to work for a living. For most college students
the idea of leaving the half-way house of college and entering the
real world to become gainfully employed is terrifying. Finding that
perfect job, the one for which you are ideally suited, is no easy
task. So says Nancy Anderson, author of Work With Passion: How

to Do What You Love for a Living.

"Most people today are unhappy with
their jobs," site says. "The problem is
rampant.“ According to Anderson. 80
percent of the people who are working
today are dissatisﬁed with their jobs. An-
derson has seen her share of unhappy
workers. As a partner in a career consult-
ing firm for tlte past eight years. she has
helped people ranging in age from 19 to
69 lind their true niche. all the way from
first time career seekers to those who
have made midlife career changes.

Partners worky'rn‘ a A _, I _

' andvtake relationship." Bah... rezfm’a
ture, selfcdnﬂdent and happy tosee
the other person-becOrnegsuccesSM.

type personality are: r V

The characteristics of the sweating,

BY BILL BHAUNSTEIN

And that means one ominous

The ideal time for anyone to start con-
templating what career to choose is
when you first enter college, says Ander-
son. And the best way to do that is to
listen to your instincts. "As a child that
college student knew what his or her
natural interests were," she says. "1 en-
courage college students to design their
own major and to study the things that
they really want to study. Trust your in-
stincts and don't listen to others or the

expert in your own life. Just get into the
habit of observing the moments when
you are enjoying yourself. the things you
really get a high from—that‘s what you
should be doing for a living. The real
secret of what you should be doing for a
career is that you probably are already
doing it. You just don't know it.

“Stan with your college catalog. You‘ll
have to take the required courses, that's
a given. But within the structure. there’s
a tremendous amount of leeway. Sit
down with that college catalog and let
your heart guide you to the kind of
courses that you would really like to
learn about. if you automatically lean to
the art courses, take them. Don't think
about What kind of job that will lead you
to. The heart is the most accurate guide
to career success. For example. you
might think to yourself, ‘1 can‘t take a

 

so-called experts. You are already the

«a.

1. The partner loves and needs, gives}

and-take feedback in conversation“ ‘

and in decision making.

2. Forms intimate, long-lasting friend;

ships with a select few. yet alsoiikes
being alone. .- , a u 

3. Finds that creativity increaScswith
a trusted relationship.
4.15 self reliant.

5. Ls an excellent listener. particularly-
to new ideas and concepts.

6.Likes pooling resources such as

ntoney. ideas. property and knowl-

edge.

I'i'hr‘ltttry/Jinn II I‘M‘i. .‘UII/M'l'AlUIi/

,4. Finds that creativityutnc‘reas‘es‘wi'th
praise fromteatnm’ntes; .

5. secs relationships'as? cooperative, ‘
units withina larger structure...  ‘
6. ts loyal and conscientious. ~ _ '
7.15 sociable and beirtngtt.to,.rnnny '-
clubs. groups and organimtions. . 
suites to’ be alone 20 percent dt‘the;
time. but mostly likes companioni‘.
ship. 't "

course in graphic ans. my father wants

. antennae with grace, and t‘eélt'; t
‘ the act of creationists thither sum); .1

3 [wittocreat‘ionﬁw  _  .j W
9(Picks an indepe‘nden‘t‘inarriage
.Pmmn

.-b.n.

 

Nancy Anderson
me to be an accountant.‘ Well, what
would be wrong if you ended up being
an accountant for a graphic arts ﬁrm?"

When Anderson talks about her book.
it becomes evident that helping others
find their niche is her passion. The ﬁf-
tyish Anderson makes a perfect example
of what she preaches. Her rendezvous
with career counseling was totally un-
planned. She worked as a journalist. her
former husband was a career counselor.
When she helped him get started in a
private practice. she discovered that her
journalism background helped make her
a fine counselor, as well. There were
many similarities -— knowing how to
interview people. getting accurate data,
finding proper sources, and being a
good listener. Anderson started a career
consulting firm eight years ago in Mill
Valley. Ca., with her partner Carol Miller,
and hasn‘t looked back since.

Of course, Anderson's journalism
background didn't hurt when she felt it
was time to write a book. Extremely
readable, Work With Passion is filled
with first-hand success stories of people
who made it, and explains exactly how
they reached their career goals. Other
things included are how to write to sp
cific companies. sample resumes and a-
sically not just how to get your foot in
the door, but how to make sure you are
putting your foot in the special door you
want. To this end there are various tests
(see sidebar) that will give readers an
insight into their personality strengths
and weaknesses and tell what kind of
work they should he pursuing. One
thing the book helps to do is eliminate
the normal fears that come whenever
anyone is looking for work.

()ne anxiety that many college stu-
dents facc. says Anderson. is the fear that
the career decision they make is one
that is going to last forever. That's just
not the case. she says. Studies show that
most people make a career change
about every seven years. "it‘s perfectly
nortnal to have tnany changes and shifts
in a really great career.“ says Anderson,
"if you decide to try something for a
year or so, anti it doesn't work out. that
doesn't mean that you've failed. it means
that you've learned everything you

 

 

needed to learn. gained a lot of experi-
ence, and you can be certain the experi-
ence will lead you to the next thing that
you will be doing."

Anderson believes that too much em-
phasis is placed on the idea of ﬁnding a
job while the student is still in college.
"You are not supposed to be thinking
about a job while you are in college. You
are supposed to be thinking about enjoy-
ing college. Most parents don‘t under-
stand the job of education and what it is
for. College is not a trade school. You
send a child to college so they can be
exposed to a wide variety of information
in a concentrated period of years. What
you will do with that information. you
shouldn‘t even be thinking about. You
should just be acquiring information, ab—
sorbing it."

Anderson believes there should be no
rush for recently graduated people to
get into the job market. saying that col-
lege students should take about two
years off to travel the world and learn
about themselves and what they have ab-
sorbed in school. During this period,
she says. the furthest thing from that
person's mind should be what they want
to do for a career. “There isn't anything
that makes me madder than to watch a
young person be intimidated by misin-
formation and tyrannical forces and the
so-called experts that want to tell them
how to rttn their lives.

“You‘ve got to see that all the mate-
rialistic things that you want — the car,
the fine clothes. the house ——will all
come to you after you have done what
you love long enough anyway. The main
thing is to protect your maneuverability
and your freedom to act. What traps so
many people is that they've got so many
hills and payments to make, they can't go
ottt and learn about the world. Don‘t fall
into that trap. Choose the simple life and
success will come on its own."

Okay. you've followed your dream
and you know what you want to do.
Here are same mistakes that college stu-
dents usually make when venturing into
the land of jobs. Number one, says An-
derson. is most people do not go high
enough in the organization they are in-
terested in working for. “Most people
tend to go to the personnel department.
or they end up talking to people who
are struggling with themselves in their
own jobs." she says, "This is why they
experience a lot of putdowns. l encour-

 

se

"

a more reasonable rate.

With Hertz, you can see Europe from a ﬁrst class
compartment that stops anywhere you want and goes
whenever you’re ready. And whether you share that com-
partment with three friends or just one, Hertz will cost
you less than Eurail. At a level of convenience that takes

the commotion out of locomotion.

As long as you’re 18 years old you can rent a car from
Hertz! And you can reserve it just seven days before
renting, without paying in advance. What’s more, our
rates are guaranteed. And there’s never a charge for mile-
age. Plus, by renting from Hertz you can get discounts at
over 3,000 hotels throughout Europe.

For details and reservations, talk to a travel agent or
call Hertz at 1-800-654-3001. Because even if you’re on a stu-
dent budget, you shouldn’t have to see Europe on a pass.

 

 g
M '
"than:
Purl".

yaw
. at“;

n
35-...

«autumn A SUI‘DMML‘I insulin/mt

 

 

Name
Address
Citv

 

SAMPBOO HEUIIXJ

'I'he’ﬂwavtorentacarl

“ ..
iluunnuH-tdtutdothnlimcm a

__ __ _ _,
Plate lent! me more information on how Hertz can tow: me money in Europe.

Send to: Ihits” Affordable Europe

. ox
Smithtttwn. NY. “787

 

Aaaa'
umpc‘

'Somc rrllricllonl I uply. Car Inn-l be irkrvrd ill the U.§. at lull uvrn thyl in minute. Car mull be itch ll lull tevzn unyn or A Matter w! city at dull rm will Iﬁpl)’. Ruin [unwind in lac-I cumnry through MﬂlLll )i.
1

limit ullu equiv-lem- urs for guidance only. arr lanai on

where nrplluhlc not included. Hertz tun
mponl bilit

“than” me: u niNnv. 30 i it

y of Hertz. Holiday at Inlonll lurchqu will Ipply. Ium are tuindilcuuutnblr.

. J unit will lluclullt with nth-nu: nth.
credit and driver qualiilcltwm apply. Retort/Ilium [M firu nilill'l lodging mint be mud: in Ill: U.S. unlity Ill Irma Ind inc

e cit-tut, Incl. upilunll CI‘IW. I‘M Ind dru all t‘hlllﬂ
iiitiu olpulwlpllinj little I m nut "It
OlliG u 5 I'M UH CHI HIISVSH M "AC I‘m}:

 

age studean to approach someone high
in the organization. The higher you go.
the more helpful and understanding anti
tolerant the person is.“

The best way to get to that person. she
says, is to write a letter requesting a
meeting. not for a job interview. but just

to learn more about the company. the
person you are meeting. and to get gen-
eral advice about pursuing your career
goals. Job offers will follow naturally.
says Anderson. if you know how to he a
good listener.

llut the worst mistake college students

make. Anderson emphasizes. is listening
to the pundits and the experts who tell
you what you should do. "if you have a
passion ionsontetiting. no matter what it
is, follow your instincts," says Anderson.
"Don't squeeze yourself into what others
tell you to he."

I"(‘Ilth/IJ'Al/(II'LII [085. .~\m/tw.\'rmrl

a

 

