 

.-

  

l

By Dean Chang :'
quaomasmmn ,

Some of the faces change from
year to year. but most things re-
main constant in the Albany State
football program. Entering his
l2th year as head coach. Bob
Ford wouldn't have it any other
way.

Start with the players. The
Danes lost only two starters on
offense and ﬁve starters on
defense from last year's 5-5 team.
a deceiving record by anyone's
standards. Albany was not your
typical .500 team.

in last year's opener against'
perennial rivals lthaca. starting
quarterback Mike Milano was
lost for the year in a winning
cause, 10-6. The loss would be the
only smudge on ithaca’s
schedule. as they bounced back to
win their remaining nine games.

Three of Albany‘s losses were
to Division ii schools Springﬁeld
College, New Haven and
Southern Connecticut; two of the
teams the Danes will face again
this year. Another defeat was to
Norwich. also a 9-i Division iii
team. The other loss came to
Hofstra. also a powerful Division
lll team.

Looking at this year's schedule.
the Danes won’t have it any
easier. lthaca will be Albany’s
first opponent again. to be
followed later in the year by Spr-

ingﬁeld, Southern Connecticut.
Norwich. Hofstra and Wagner
College. a solid team from Staten
island. There are no Marists on
this schedule. a team the Danes

beat 43-0 last year.

“ideally what you want in a
schedule." said Ford, “is three
games that you can look at as
‘W’s. five games that could be
decided by the toss of the coin.
and two games that you say, ‘boy.
we've really got to play well to
beat them.‘ We don’t have any
automatic ‘W’s this year.”

Ford has talked to his team and
his staff about the difﬁculty of
the team’s schedule each year. but
the consensus is that the more
challenging the opposition is. the
better for Albany. '

“Most of us don‘t like beating
Marist.” said Ford. “it doesn't
give you a feeling of challenge or
accomplishment when you ;beat
someone you’re so superior to."

Hofstra has been criticized for
playing against weak teams. 'pad-
ding their record to impress the
NCAA playoff selection co ' 't-
tee. This year the NCAAs h ex-
panded the playoff format,from

Sports Tuesday -

Great Danes, face tough road to Successfulyea

 

 

  

SEPTEMBER 10. 1985

*

 

 
 
  
 

eight teams to 16. four teams .
from each region. Ford said the ‘
tough schedule would have its ad- ' '
vantages and disadvantages.

“if you play a pansy schedule.
you lose one and it's tough to get
back up there.” said Ford.
“When you play a tough
schedule. you always have a
chance to gain attention. But it‘s
also bad. You got to be up every
week. and you have to remain
relatively healthy. which is almost
impossible."

One position where the Danes
are healthy in is quarterback.
After sitting out a year. Milano
returns to the wishbone. where he
started eight games as a
sophomore. He is fully recovered
from his broken leg. according to
Ford. Behind Milano waits
sophomore quarterback Jeff
Russell. who started eight games
in Milano’s place last year. doing
a credible job.’

  

   

Senlor co-eaptein Dave Soldth celebrates his

. - urs
record-breaking
performance against Msrlst last year. - .

28>

   
   

Albany netmen seeking seventh straight SUN YA C.

By Kristine Sauer
smurssmms

The special number for the Albany State
men's tennis team this fall is ‘seven’. That
ﬁgure stands for the number of con-
secutive SUNYAC titles the Danes have
captured when counting this fall's
championship.

That might be jumping the gun a bit. but
if they are to achieve that feat. the Danes'
dynasty will havevthe longest reign of
straight titles ever in the SUNYAC
Conference.

Considering the Great Danes have retur-
ning players in the'top five singles posi-
tions. lucky number seven is more pro-

 

w‘fw

    

  

. gigging-n. «W n

‘1.
wa.....4.- In...

- '. 4 v , ' i. 2 1. '
l ‘ ‘ .. , A...
,e e. -W utgmlwy\~m.r. m. an. n

..¢..

 

 

Senior nave Grossman returns as the number one uncles pleyer tor the 01::

bable than not.

By capturing their sixth title. Albany
tied the Oneonta Red Dragons. who are
the only other SUNYAC team to win six
straight championships.

“in the SUNYACs we are the strong
favorites," said last year’s captain and
returning senior Jay Elsenberg. “The ﬁve
of us (Grossman. Schmitz. Eisenberg.
Dermersky and Gerber) have been on the
team for the last three years."

The season will certainly not revolve
solely around the SUNYACs, which is the
last event of the season. hosted by the
Danes on October 1243. Aside from their
six dual matches. the netmen will compete
in three other tournaments before the
SUNYACs.

The team's biggest asset is that they lost
only one player to graduation last spring.
The ﬁve three year veterans are joined by
younger returning players as well as a new
freshman recruit.

Returning as numberone single player is
David Grossman. in last spring's NCAAs,
Grossman won his first match by knocking
off the l3th seeded player before losing in
the second round of play.

Last year. Tom Schmltz and .lay
Eisenberg alternated in the second and
third spots. Schmitz starts off the fail as
second singles player and Eisenberg
follows at third.

David Zobler. a junior who played sixth
and seventh singles last year. returns at the
fourth spot. Senior Mike Dermansky slip-
ped back into the fifth singles position.

Filling in the other positions will be
returning players Bob Gibson. who played
in the fail but set out last spring, Steve
Oreenberg and Mike Marsh, who hurt

 
 

himself last fall and didn't see any playing
time. The new recruit to the team is a
freshman from Goshen. Bob Siracuse.
who will be playing sixth singles. ' .

"Bob shows a lot of promise." said
Coach Bob Lewis.

in doubles play. the Orossman-Schmitz
duo returns at first doubles. The two lost
in the ﬁrst round to the number six seeded
team from Clement College in California
during the NCAAs. Over the summer they
captured the Schenectady Tournament
Championships by beating Roger London
and Chuck Poe. two'locai pros. London
and Poe played in Satellite Tournaments in
Europe. Poe played at Cornell and Lon-
don hails from Salisbury State ' in
Maryland. .

“They are probably the best in the
area.”. said Lewis. “for Grossman and
Schmitz it was a really good win."

Number two doubles will once again be
Eisenberg and Dermeraky. Third doubles
will be picked from the other four. but will
probably be Siracuse and Gibson.

Coach Lewis has been heading the
Danes' dynasty for the last 14 years. He
was twice named SUNYAC Coach of the
Year. Last spring. Lewis reached the iso
win mark after the netmen beat Hartwick
in the closing game of the season.

The netmen season begins tomorrow as
they take to the road to play West Point.
This weekend. they defend the RH invita-
tional Championship on Saturday and
Sunday.

As for Wednesday's game against Ar-
my. Coach Lewls knows little about their
team. “if they didn’t get any real great
players that will be good. "said Lewis. “i

29>

 

  
  
  
  
   
    
    
       
   
   
  
     
   

n

Jaws. ‘4‘ h... . L. ..
A 17"‘7}‘?74~)‘1 ugh.“ ‘-

 

  
   
  
   
     
  
   
  

 

'J'  m“b”l’9¢tsj omits, new-hem.
settlements ~ . w 

 

  
 

33A ‘ . i '

 

' September 1 3, 1985

  
 
   

NUMBER 24

 

,.

 

 

apartment arm setter "87finish .

By BeiiejDzamba' ‘ 
earmmrassmm...,... ..

 

Although is-of iittl'e‘consdiation to the ‘
manystude'rits living iri'inCreased occupanw -
cy rooms this fall, a new 400-bed dor-
mitory ‘be‘bu'iit ‘o'n Fuller Road by
1987. ' '

According to University President Vin-
cent O'Leary. ‘-‘We’ve been asking the
state for additional housing for a long.
long time. We are hopeful that this will be. '
the ﬁrst; part ‘ ‘further housing and
rec'rea‘tionaid'eve parent over there.” '

“Obviousiy'this'  not meet an of our
needs. but it’s an important ﬁrst step."
O‘Learygaaid._ " ’ ' . I.» i
' According to Frank Pogue. Vice-
President tbyStudent Affairs. “We expect
the newlfa‘cllityvto be put to use by the fall
of ‘ 1987; ‘ 'ln 3 the meantime. President
O'Leary has cr°eated a small committee
composed of faculty and students to raise
and answer questions about the facility;" , _ ‘ ,

Ross Abelow. ,Stud‘entiAssociation (SA) from scratch. We know that there are 400
Vice PreéIidelit and amember of the Facili- beds. but not how they will be set up. he
ty Planning Committee said that thenew _said.,_ .. ._ - ' ‘
facility will be built on part of a 70 acre Abelow pointed out that decisions have
tract of land across from: the campus. rdbe'madeaboutwhether-the facility will
“The facility wiilbe apartment style, seif- hair‘s, primarily-y graduate- " students.
sufficient areas.” he added. 4 up ggradpates.‘married students,interna-‘

Poguesai’d that, the committee will be I tie

' h

[.“We know that there-
are 400 beds.th not
how they  be set
, y _. up. u. .

—-Ross Abelow

 

 

 

UPS

 

the planning and $5 million will be spent
on actual construction.
The new facility has been in budget pro-
posals for the past 15 years. said Pogue.
“it hasn’t reached the level of approval
until this year." he added. _
‘ “i would like to commend the Universi-
ty on securing'the'funds. This procurement
coupled‘with a matchmaker project shows
, a sinmgxﬁort on the part of the Universit-

   
 
   
    
 

intents. or some combination of

aﬂmwmm and

  

 

  

 
 
   

     

   
 

  

[I t , A V V < I . . ~  t  L‘ ﬁ 1 t.  ci‘yssv 
‘   as i _ H t I  , a  v  L  VTho M“‘
3 I“. “m   a w  r. "l- , WWWW ,. ‘ downtime  name; help. "
. . . iii Sii‘e'tynsk Force will. pit . anti‘brand 'iieer-Tilby, aresii  stir swim; Albany :‘l'i‘omeowners wile“,f . . 39...
be onthe conuiiitte'e.  said. ' aite~ native to living downtownxlf said H to rent anextra rooms " .. - '
 {The committee ~'wiii Examine the quesr Steve Gawleyu SA President. v The cost of living in the new facility

tio‘n'jof who will be:,living in. the apart- According to a recent ‘articie in the

merits. said Abeiow‘. .“We will be taking it

 

should be within reach of the current $73.3

‘Dept. of Ed. '

alters Solomon
Amend. rules

Washington. D.C.

(AP) The Department of Education has
quietly dropped its controversial rule re—
quiring colleges to verify that male
students recieving federal ﬁnancial aid
have registered for the draft.

The rule had been set to go into effect

this fall
A department

spokesperson said

Thursday the rate of compliance among
young men is so high that it isn't
necessary to have college aid ad-
ministrators police the requirement.

“it's been going about 98 percent
perfect, so there’s no need to verify."
said Duncan Helmrich.

“There’s just no reason to hold the
schools up" on awarding aid. he said.
“Things are going so well tha'twe're not
going to bother to have the schools seek

proof. ”

Congress in 1982 passed an amend-

ment

sponsored by Rep.
Solomon. R-N.Y.. requiring student aid
recipients to sign forms certifying that

Gerald

they had registered for the draft.

The Education Department then pro-
posed a rule holding colleges accoun-
table for verifying that the students ac-

ttuaiiy had registered before awarding

them any federal grants. loans. orother

students and civil liberties
groups challengedthe Solomon amend-

ment. but the Supreme Court upheld the
law. 6-2. on July 5, 1984. E]

 

 

 

Times-Union] 31- million will- be spent on

Fresh stress preparations for future. careers

‘By Pam Conway
STAFF WRITER .

This September.'SUNYA welcomed the
Class of ’89. and although it may seem as
if each student brought to this campus the
same three trademarks - aspirations. anx-
ieties. and a new pair of Reeboks - the class
itself is a diverse group.

According to Robert Gibson. Associate
Dean for the Center for Undergraduate
Education (CUE). an emphasis on atten-
ding coliege in order to prepare for a
career began “about 10 years ago. Before
that. most came simply for an education.”
And today's new SUNYA students aren't
breaking out of that mold.

However. despite the fact that 42 per-
cent of the frosh who attended summer
orientation indicated their. intended major
as business or accounting. Gibson said that
he would “very much endorse a liberal arts
education combined with a sense of career
awareness." ’

The popularity of business courses is
due to “the misconception that one must
have a job-related major in order to get a
job," said Gibson. He said he believes this
trend will decrease in the future.

Concerning their academic expectations.
many first-year students said they chose
Albany for its “excellent reputation.” But
Sheila Engates of Colonial Quad said she
noticed that “many professors are reluc-
tant to answer my questions." And one
philosophy major stated that the
academics are “pretty easy."

“1 see SUNYA as a school in between a
party school and an all studying school."
said David'Riley. a fresh from Flahklll.
now living in Ryckrnan Hall on Dutch.

Riley said he feels SUNYA has an excellent
business school. However he expressed
distress with one of his professors - “i
can’t believe it. my eco teacher speaks no
english.” he said.

For Allan Nossen. a first year student
from Jericho living in Dutch. Tower.
SUNYA has not been a disappointment in
any way. “I- tried not to enter with a lot of
expectations and so far i’m having a great
time." he said. adding “Albany offers a

wide variety of majors and this is‘a plus. .

[And] The campus is a good combination
of grass and concrete." ' I .
But despite their diverse interests, most
of the frosh seem carrer-conscious. Juli
Peck. a resident of Colonial Tower,
echoed the general ambition of many of
her classmates when she said. “i expect to
get a good education so i can get into a
good grad school and get a good job."

Although most frosh stressed their in-
terest in their education, they also had a lot
to say about the SUNYA social life.

Like most of her classmates. Diane
Beazley said that in the short time she's
been here.'she's “had a really great time"
and "loves" the people she lives with.

Many frosh had similar complaints. too ‘ _

- the cafeteria food. the size of their
classes. having. three people in a room
.barely big enough for two, and so on.

‘I‘GresgcRogcli. a new student from
Battle/in. now living in Ryckman Hall said
he aspects to leave Albany as a well-
rounded person rboth socially and
academically. Rogeli. who is not interested
in joining any fraternity. still finds the
social life sufficient. "it is like summer
camp without work." he said. Cl

I

First year students checked Into their dorms two weeks ago with as many

item as luggage.

  

 

I not us
aspire-

 

