4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS [Tl FRIDA Y, MAY 3. I985

Campus Officers foundin group coffee break

. 39“ A“ I‘)
Sit, .
ii . 4 .

By Matthew Gaven
STAFF \I'RITFR .

Four University Police Department
(UPD) officers were seen taking an
unusually long coffee break at a local off-
campus restttarant open all night. although
UPD logs have no records of the break.

Suzy Auletta. former Student Associa-
tion (SA) Vice President. and two SUNYA
students spotted four UPD police cars in
the‘ parking lot of Denny‘s Restaurant. on
Western Avenue. at 2:45 a.m. Monday.
April 22. ,

Aulctta and her two friends had gone to
Dennys' for a late night snack when they
noticed the four campus police cars parked
in the lot directly adjacent to the
restaurant. which is open 24 ltours a day.

“l was really surprised to see fottr cant-
pus cars there at the same time at that late
hour.“ said Auletta. “When we walked in
we saw four officicrs sitting around having

 

- ed to another call.

gets."

 

 

ISAAC UPS

 

t

night shift. including Miller who was driv-
ing unit 723. he said.

After the units left the State Quad area,
according to the radio log..several check-
ins were made. The next log entry took
place at 3:05 am. when a unit was assign-

According to Miller, UPD has no writ-
ten policy regarding the break time of of-
ﬁcers. He added. "the officers at that hour
are on eight hour shifts in which they are

on call constantly. if they do take a coffee
' break and receive a call. they must respond
immediately despite how cold their food

“Most of our late night shifts take their
- breaks at Denny’s because it is open all
‘ night. The tnorning and day shift officers
have a choice of the local Burger King or
McDonald‘s but most choose to eat in the
‘ office." said Miller. “if they are eating in
the office they are still on call and must

a good time, laughing and drinking coffee.
They stayed for a little there than a half
hour and all left together at about 3:15
am."

According to Lieutenant Marvin Miller
of UPD. the supervising officer that morn-
ing. the radio log showed not record of any
officers calling in for a break at tltt titttc.

The cars in question are units 722. 723.
724. 728. All were on patrol that evettittg.
according to radio log.

The numbers of the cars were copied
down by one of Auletta's friends while she

UPD car number 123
Four cars at the same time at Denny’s.

remained inside. “We wanted to make
sure that we copied down the numbers in
case titerc was arty question as to which
cars were actually involved." she
explained.

Miller said “units 722 and 724 had
responded to a call about a suspicious per—
son on State Quad" at approximately 2:34
am. “Units 723 and 728 were also called
to State Quad to investigate someone

sleeping on the grass" at the same time.
“Units 722 and 724 radioed clear at
2:36. while units 723 and 728 radioed clear
at 2:37 a.m.." said Miller. who was
reading from the log of that shift’s radio'
transmissions. “One officer was assinged
to each vehicle in addition to an officer
working desk” and an officer patroling in
a fifth car. unit 275. The ofﬁcer in the ﬁfth
car made a total of six officers on duty that

respond immediately to a call."

Auletta insisted that “I didn't imagine

seeing those cars and officers. It would be
ridiculous to assume that I would run
around campus looking to copy down car
numbers to make up a story. about the
campus police."

Auletta agreed that the officers are en-

titled to their breaks, but emphasized that
if they take breaks together. it leaveS‘the
campus unpatrolled. “Someone has to be
riding around to keep an eye on things."
she said. U

 

Prof evaluations seen as less, than conclusive:

By David Kase
sran‘ mu risk

As the time approaches when
professors traditionally evaluate
their students. the shoe is tem-
porarily shifted to the other foot
as students get the chance to give
their professors a grade through
the Student Instructional Rating
Form (SlRF).

These forms are distributed to
classes once each semester. accor-
ding to Dean of Undergraduate.
Studies Harry Hamilton.

All instructors have a file which
contains summaries of the data

are a bit lax on evaluating pro-
fessors — especially full pro-
fessors.“ he said. l-‘ull professors
ltave reached the top of the pro-
motional scale attd the depart-
tncnt has less of a need for an
evaluation. said Hamilton.
Sociology professor Albert
Higgins said that questions asked
on evaluations are. very general
and specifics are not usually men-
tioned. “If students can give
specific suggestions such as ‘three
exams would be better than two.’
or ‘I would like additional
rcatlings.‘ i would be more likely
to make changes itt my courses.”

Higgins. Most often, students will
let a professor know what they
like or dislike in class without a
written evaulation. he said.
Citing results of previous
evaluations. Higgins said that
larger classes tend to give‘ lower
evaluations and the lower the
class year. the lower the evalua-
tion will be. “For example. (itt) a
large freshman class (the pro-
fessor) can expect low ratings."
said Higgins. He added. “on the
whole. student evaluations don't
mean much to anyone.“ 4
Geology professor J.W.
Delano disagreed. “lt (evalua-

gathcred front each semester's
student evaluations. said
Hamilton. which are used to aid
in making promotiottaly attd
tenure decisions.

IISotnc departments. however.

said Higgins.

By Doug Tuttle
STA” IlerER

Preliminary plans for SUNYA's proposed $l2
million athletic ficldhouse were discussed Thurs-
day. May 3 at an open fortntt held by the Athletic
Policy and Planning Board (APPB).

The ficldhouse. to be built within two years.
will include an arena attd a 200 meter track. Also.
a bubble covering 35.000 square feet will be cont-
pletcd this summer toscrvc until the present
strttetttrc is ready.

The addition of thc ficldhouse to the Univer-
sity's present athletic facilities will bolster
SUNYA‘s intercollegiate athletics. physical
education and recreational programs. said Vice
President for University Affairs Lewis Welch.
who eltairs the Al’l’B.

“The pttrposc of this facility is to serve the
ncctis of this campus.“ \Vclclt explained.

According to As. tant Vice President for
Facilities Dennis SILVCHS. planning for the
ficldhouse should be completed by the spring of
1986 arid the actual construction should be cont-
plctcd by late I987 or early I988.

“Nothing in New York State comes quick and
the ficldhouse will be no exception." said
Stevens.

Stevens said that the facility will feature a large
arena area capable of supporting a variety of
sports including basketball. volleyball and gym-

 

“A comment such as ‘this wase
a lottst coursc' doesn't help as
much itt making changes.

tions) is an extremely intportant

basis for promotion...Students.

aretaking the evaluations serious—
ly and my ratings in the past have
been mostly fours and fives."

u

said

Campus fieldhouse particulars released

nasties and a court area which will be surrounded
by a ZOO-meter track.

Refusing to make a specific commitment about
the exact location of the ficldhouse. Stevens
would only say that it would be “near the gym."

Stevens did add. however. that while the new
building will be close to the gym. no existing out-
door athletic fields will be removed to make
room for the ficldhouse.

The arena. which will have eight raquctball
courts and weightlifting facilities as well as
lockerrooms. a trainittg room. various athletic
offices and space for concessions. could also be
utilized for speakers or concerts also. Stevens
said. ~
"We're not building a civic ccttter to serve the
needs of the Capital District. however.” Stevens
continued.

Chris Budd of University Concert Board and
one of the few students at the forum attended by
less thatt a dozen people. said "it would make it
ntuch easier for students to see a larger eottccrt
with a larger structure on campus."

“We‘d have a better chance of getting tttore
expensive acts.“ Budd explained.

SUNYA has requested funding for the
ficldhouse. which will cost Si million dollars to
plan and SH million dollars to build. every year
since I970. Welch said. but approved for the

9»

said Delano. Therefore. there is
no need to make any changes in
his classes, said Delano.

Economics professor Helen
Horowitz said. “I would like to ,_
see more written comments made, ,» i
by students." The economics
department makes it own evalua—
tions because written comments
are always more helpful than
machine summarized data. said
Horowitz.

“I would not change the course
or a text as a result of a freshman
that did not think that this is real
economics," said Horowitz.

Latin American Studies pro-
fessor James Wessman said he'
felt the surveys were good. but
stressed that the survey results

should not be combined with per- :ourse.

 

Lowta Watch
Fieldhouse will include ruquctball, track facilities.

heevaluat' n.’f..

Canon also added
wasn't sure if syllabus changes
were in order if the surveys show-
:d bad feelings about a particular

D

J .

K. MOCNNAUI

 

that

_-

  

II UPS

 

sonnel decisions. “If you com-
bine evaluations for improvement
of teaching with personnel'deci-
sions. you sacrifice the benefit of

“One way to sting’a'prot‘essor
is to give a 'bad evaulation since
the results don’t get b
grades." he added.

Accounting professor Harold
Cannon—said, "when evaluations
are handed out at‘ the end of a
period. one third to half of the
class tends to leave without filling
out the evaluations.”

ack before

he

 

 

 

 

 

 

a Jemima? a

\

 

ASUBA, JSC, RZA?

By Eric Hindln
EDITORIAL ,tswsmur
,‘Though newly elected Student Associa-
tion (SA) President Steve Gawley. and SA
minority affairs coordinator Eric Bowman
say that Louis Farrakhan's recent speaking
appearance at SUNYAmight have caused
some tension between JeWish groups and
Black groups on campus. such is not the
case. according to leaders of these groups.

“i know of no tension between ASUBA
(Albany State University Black Alliance)
and any jewish groups." stated Laurie
Midgette. president of ASUBA. which was
instrumental in bringing Farrakhan to
campus. The protests during Farrakhan’s
speech. which were sponsored by the” Revi-
sionist Zionist Alliance (RZA) and the
Jewish Students Coalition (JSC) did not
bother members of ASUBA. Midgette
said. , ‘
According to Bowman. allegations have
been made that the Jewish Defense
Organization (JDO) threatened ASUBA.
and ASUBA's of fice was broken into prior
to the Farrakhan appearance.

Midgette. however, denied that anyone
in ASUBA believed these events in
ASUBA had anything to do with either
RZA or JSC. "

The JDO is not affiliated with either of
these groups. even though they did work
alongside RZA in running the protest.
“Who knows what the truth really is."

 

 

  

 

 

Eric Bowman
"The tension is not necessarily racist. "-

Student activism

<Front Page

(NYPIRG) “activism is on the rise again
(because) students are more aware of
world affairs and issues that concern them
as citizens." ‘

“This movement is definitely increasing
nationwide." said Eichhorn. adding that
“education. organization, and legwork”
are essential to the activism of the l980’s.

Predicting that Albany will be a "hotb-
ed" next year. Student Association (SA)
president Steve Gawley stressed that
students must mobilize and stay informed
in order to be effective:

“The power of numbers is our strongest
force and we have a lot of tactics to use.‘
said. Gawley. adding that he felt the
relatively Strong economy has led to ac-
tivism. since studcns have the time to turn
their concerns to other'issues. _

Oawley said he sees recent activism as a
‘reaction to conservative forces on campus
which dott’t appeal to common sense.‘ ad-
ding that this ' liberal reaction‘ is based on
‘seeking the truth.’

According to Steve Korowitz.
spokesperson for the Albany College
Republicans. activism does not necessarily
entail liberalism. “The conservative ae-
tivism is a backlash to the liberal aetivism.‘
he said.

‘Although the general mood of the
country is somewhat conservative. this
campus is by and largc’llberal. so here con.

stated Bowman. ’ , -

Marlene M. Bryan, Presidcn of the Pan-
Carriebean Association. which co-
sponsored Farrakhan's speech. agreed
with Midgette. “There is no tension.” said
Bryan. As for the protest sponsored. by the
jewish groups. “they can protest all they
want." she said, adding that protests are
expected becauseeveryone has freedom of
speech.

Jacqueline Kennedy. Vice President of
Pan Carriebean Association. added,
_“there is currently no tension between
Jewish groups and .our’group."

Pan Carribean is not upset with any of
the protest of the Farrakhan speech‘. said
Kennedy.

"In general I have not heard of any ten-
sion between Jewish groups and black
groups," said Elliot Frome. President of
JSC. “We are hoping to start a dialog bet-
ween JSC and ASUBA. in September,” he
added. ‘

Frome. however. is not sure if Fai-
rakhan's appearance has had any negative
affects on relaitons between Jewish and
black groups.

“1 don't believe Farrakhan was brought
to this campus in order to have negative af-
fects on Jews." but at the same time, said
Frome. “those who brought his seem to
have ignored the possibiltiy of his having
any negative affects on Jews. and have
considered only the positive affects he
might have on blacks."

"Those who brought Farrakhan to cam-
pus might have considered not bringing
him, in favor of someone else." said
Frome. “‘There are lots of other black
leaders who could speak for blacks.
without having any negative affects on
jews." he added. ,,

.RZA president Gady Buiumsohn said
any charges that there is tension between
jewlsh' groups and .black groups are
“completely untrue."

“1 am in personal contact with certain
people involved in ASUBA. and i knew
Farrakhan was coming as far back.as
September. and members of ASUBA knew
[and RZA would be protesting his ap-
pearance." said Buiumsohn.

"Our protest had nothing to do with
ASUBA or this campus." said Buium-
sohn. adding “we would have protested
whether or not he was speaking here or at
any other place.”

Bowman. who claimed there has always
been a little tension between Jewish and

servaites are the underdogs trying to get '

people to listen. which isn’t always easy,‘
said Korowitz.

Despite the signs of increased student
concern, the general mood of the SUNYA
campus is still apathetic. according to
Mike Corso. former S.A. president.

There is ‘less interest and enthusiasm'
than when he was in office. said Corso.
‘Studcnts are tnore apathetic and career-
oriented and student leaders are not speak.
ing out like we used to.’ he added

Corso blamed Reagan for ‘bringing this
ambience to ottr country.’ and said thatre-

centractlvist events are a good start. but

there is still a long way to go. -
Regarding the various methods of ac-
tivism. SASU employs professional tactics
such as lobbying. meetings and letter-
wrlting to promote its issues. said Kourns.
but he added ‘Sometimes the only way to
get attention is to create a confrontation.’

eroff also agreed that both confronta-
tion and more subtle methods of activism
have their place. "There is an appropriate
time for protest becaue such methods as
lobbying don't always dramatize the issue
and attract adherents." he said.

Charles Wlecks. president of the
_recently~revivcd Peace Project stressed
that in order for students to be active. they
must ‘reallze the issues and what is going
on around them. They must be educated.

FRIDA Y. MA Y 3, 1985 [I] ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

denyracial tensions exist

schedule meetings between the groups so
everyone can voice any grieVanccs in the
open. and hopefully resolve them to
everyone's satisfaction.

Group leaders will be contacted this
week. said Gawley. concerning the propos-
ed meetings. v D

black groups. said that he can help these
groups work out any differences.

“The tension is not necessarily racist,”
said Bowman. A lot of times people hear
things through the grapevine. and things
become distorted. said Bowman.

Bowman and Gawley said they hope to

 

Summer Jobs

Hamilton Systems

A Professional Placement Service
Dedicated To Offering

College Students
The Best Possible Summer
And Part—Time Jobs...
Without insulting Your
intelligence

Secretaries
Typists

 

Receptionists
Clericals

Friday Pay Day
Hamilton Systems
342 Madison Ave. (44 St.)

New York, NY. 10017
(212) 490-3850

No Fees

 

 

 

JULY 2151:

hAL

 

 

’ T“(' w?“ a”. .

..
l

 

 

 

 

 

