 

'\

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

-  +1. UNION COLLEGE ., - 

  

m .

I» H,  0 

Graduates of M.B.A.. M.S., MPH. and MD: pro-
gramsare encouraged to apply for a fellowship
established» by Union College’s Programs in Health
Systems Administration and the~Albany  Col-
lege. The Fellow will be provided. with the oppor-
tunity to study a variety of changes in the health care
delivery system and engage in research at theAlbany
Medical College. The Ph.D. curriculum consists of ' '
courses in statistical methods and research design.
systems analysis and modeling. and behavioral and
policy sciences. In addition. eight courses in health
systems adminiStration, health ﬁnance. health care
law, health planning and policy and health services .
research may be completed. M.D.'s and other ap-
plicants with non-management master level degrees
may choose to earn the M.B.A/Health Systems Ad-
ministration and Management in the process of com-
pleting the Ph.D. ‘

Support at $20,000 per year plus allowances for
travel and research expenses and full tuiton is
available for a two year period with possible support
for a third year. Applications will be received until

' April 15. 1985 with a decision by May 15. 1985. Con-

tact. Eugene S. Schneller, Ph.D.. Director. Programs in

. Health Services Administration and Management.

I.A.M.. Bailey Hall. Union College. Schenectady. New

‘ York 12308. (518) 370-6238.

 ' ALB-ANY MEDicAL COLLEGE T

 

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Native of Ireland to speak: I
on. experiences-ink  -_ i
 ' Narthern Ireland"  5 ~ 
Wednesday. February 27th
'- - - 8:00pm. ‘ » -
3.6. 233_
Fill ore-welcome to attend ,
Open topublic '

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

@293“
ﬁne:
ﬂew-mag

 

In tor—Quad ‘CounCiI presen ts  
' Untown r P;
Saturday,   § . _
Murmur." 9 pm?- 2 cm

in the?  ﬂax
Brubacher Ballroom $400 Wolff"!-

ss Funded

 

 

$2.09 W

  

 

snags a mazes a names a mazes
gluon sotoﬂﬂ mime

 

 

 

Music by DJ Gordon

Sponsored by Keis Distributors

 
 

Proceed: go to
Telethon '88

 
 

 

 

    
  

 
 

 

  
       
  
     
    
     
  
  
    
    
   
  
 

I  A Schenectady Trust can help—With a student loan
even if your family’s income is over $30,000.

Paying for college shouldn't be a burden for students or Determine how much you need with
' their parents.

At Schenectady 'Irust, we've committed over $10 million ourﬁee conege Ald PrOﬁle'
in long-term, low-interest guaranteed student loans to help Schenectady Trust's Student Loan Department is
you meet Titling 0011686 COStS- ‘ ' - - equipped with our new computerized College Aid
.~ Schenectady Tm“ Offers a “new 0f “Went 103". Proﬁle—designed to help students and parents sort
programs, including special programs for those attending out the 06"!“st ﬁnancial aspects of the college
undiengraduatei or gmduafﬁ siholpl, for ﬁnanciially independjent years. Stop in at any of our 21 convenient omces
, stu, ents wish ng to esta is t eir own ere it rating, an . _ _ .
for parents directly. And you may qualify even if your family's 203:1); ﬁg;‘gﬁﬁfg§g§§;g§g ngfggzﬁggfstﬁrf
income exceeds $30,000. ., . ' .
Of course, Schenectady Trust also has a wide range of Loan Department for more informatlon-
consumer loans available, including auto, home imprOve: Student Loan Department
ment, personal, and home eqdity. For the money you.‘need 381-3680
and the experience you trust, come to Schenectady'l‘rust— Monday through Friday
9:00 AM to 5:00 PM

the hometown bank that is here to help you. 
Schenectady '

»   Trust in us.

The Capital Region's Home Town Bank.
‘ OATSKILL ' . CLIFTON PARK‘ ' ’ COLONIF

 

 
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
   

SCHENECTADY ALBANY GUILDERIAND'

 
 
  
    
   

State at Eric “2 State Street ,Tunncrs Main Street Route Mli ut Vlsr'hors'  Slur l’luzu. Wolf liolul .‘lilllll (‘m‘num limul
State at Brnndywlne Mudlson at West Lawrence Tanners West Side Ferry Road (‘onlnll Avenue
Sheridan Plnzu Stuyvosunt Plaza at Roun- 155
Crane ut Muln Avenue ' _
LATHAM LOUDONVILLE v NISKAYUNA ROTTERDAM SCOTIA

 
 
   

Johnson Road. ncmss London i‘lnzn Upper Union Street Altumont Avenue in Snrulogu Iloml ul Muyfnlr
from Luthum Font State at linlltown Roml (‘mnv Street a
_ i‘luzuSovcn . (‘urry llomlﬁhopptng

 

 

(‘ontor

  
 

  

 ' Member FDIC
“mu . Sublldlary ol Trust Co Bank Com NY

 
 

  

