 

J.F.O’S. — Happy 20th birthday!

 

 

 

IDIIJTHTIIN’ N THE IDIIiUl

x
(a

Central Avenue (upstairs) Albanym A

London School of Economics

and Political Science
A chance to study and live in London
Junlor-year programs. Postgraduate Diplomas.
One-Veer Master‘s Degrees and Research
Opportunities In the Social Sciences.

The Wide range 01 SUDIBClS includes
Accounting and Finance I Actuarial Selence I

‘ —~§lé§‘Z91’— ‘

7"  ’ALEA'NY STUDENT PRESS ij' TUE'sriA Y,,NovEMBER -12, 1985

Central Council c

alls emelgféhayi‘meéting

to approve $47,000 loan for CampDippikill

By Ilene Welnsteln
ASSOCM TE NEWS EDITOR

A Student Association “power
play” was the impetus for an
emergency meeting of Central
Council last Monday which
resulted in the passage of a bill
authorizing a $47,000 loan, accor-
ding to an SA official.

Steve Russo, cltair of Central
Council’s Internal Affairs Com-
mittee, said that SA’s executive
branch was overstepping its
bounds in authorizing University
Auxiliary Services (UAS) to take
out a 15-year loan on SA’s behalf
without getting Central Council’s
permission

The loan will be used to elec-
trify Camp Dippikill, which is
owned by SA, and was approved
by Council with a vote of 18-2.
Currently there is no electricity on
the premises.

SA Comptroller Eric Schwart-
zman said he felt that the loan did
not have to be approved by Cen-
tral Council because Dippikill im-
provements were budgeted for by
a 1983 referendum. The referen-
dum calls for $19,000 of SA’s

will be spent, said Russo. Last

semester, the electrification plan'

was approved by Central Council.

According to an agreement bet-
ween SA and UAS, which was
signed by Schwartzman in July,
UAS will have to repay $18,000 of
the loan and SA will have to repay
$23,000.

The remaining $5,000 will be
paid back by Rick Nelson,
caretaker for Dippikill, because
the money will be used to electrify
his cabin located on the camp
grounds.

Russo said he first brought up
the issue of the Dippikill loan at
last Monday’s Internal Affairs
Committee meeting, which was
“an information session."
Members of Central Council were
told last semester that “UAS
would give the money to SA
gratis,” he said, adding that he
thought Central Council members
should know more about the loan
before it went through.

Central Council was informed
by Schwartzman at the October
30 meeting. But, Russo said,
Schwartzman told Council about

tired. " ‘  V , -‘

The Internal Affairs Commit-
tee decided to gather Council
members for the emergency
meeting at 11 o’clock Monday
night. Twenty out of 31 Council
members were present for. the
vote. '

A Council decision had to be
made on Monday, said Scwart-
zman, because Niagara Mohawk,
which is supplying the poles, lines
and labor for electrifying Dip-
pikill, wanted a check on Tuesday
of the agreement would be void.

SA could not take out the loan
on its own behalf because banks
trust corporations like UAS more
than they trust student organiza-
tions, said Schwartzman. Also,
UAS is more stable than SA
because it doesn't change every
year, he added.

Although rumors circulated
around SA that Scwartzman may
be fired over this issue, Russo said
that “no one questioned Eric's
(Schwartzman) behavior. He did
not do this maliciously."

A fake Student Voice front

Anthropology I Busmess Studies I Economics I
Econometrics 0 Economic History I European
Studies I Geography I Government I Industrial
Relations I International History I International
Relations I Law I Management Seience I Operational
Research I Personnel Management I Philosophy I
Population Studies I Politics I Regional and Urban
Planning Studies I Sea-Use olicy I SOClal
Administration I 50031 Planning in Developing
Countries I SOCIaI Work I Sociolog I Somal
Psychology I Statistical and Mathematica Sciences I
Systems naylsiSI

Application forms lrorn:

Admlsalona Registrar. L.S.E.. Houghton Street.
London WC2A ZAE. England. stating whether
undergraduate or postgraduate

and quoting Room 10.

 

 

 

budget to be set aside each year it at two o’clock in the morning page was distributed at the

for Dippikill development.

Board of Directors must present a

after a lengthy debate over SA’s emergency Central Council
Every ﬁve years, the Dippikill election policy.
Schwartzman was vague, said zman Was impeached as a joke,

meeting declaring that Schwart-

development plan before Central Russo, and many Council said SA Media Director Doug

Council to decide how the money members were

inattentive and Tuttle.

 

 

. THE MICHELOB
FESTIVAL OF STARS

ATTHE
' PALACE
‘tTHEATRE

. I ' . , '-\\ V
ARLO GUTHRIE
wtlll special guests
DAVID BROMBERG & JOHN SEBASTIAN
November 16 at 8:00 PM
TICKETS 51.1.50 and $15.50

__§PEND A _NIGH'I‘ 1/1131 QBK-FM 104
TICKETS ON. SALE Now AT:

|‘\l \tl Itus iiIIItI tnumi .
t rim. iu Ill .
t

 

'lti . mi ll xxxiri. ..

deli I'MICHEIOB'

 

By Dan Happ

The Second Presidential Conference on
women wasvheld Saturday at SUNYA, bringing
together teachers, students, scientists, and others
to address the issues of women in science and the
impact of science and technology on women.

Titled “Under the Microscope: Women,
Science and Social Change," the conference was
a combination of speakers and workshops
designed to heighten awareness about the roles
women have played in science in the past, the
current status of women in scientific fields, and
the results on both sides of the social spectrum,
that technological advancements have had on
women. About 300 people attended the event and
organizers said it proved highly successful.

“One of our hopes was to bring together

v
Petroclna Schwelckart L N" “mus UPS

 

Sexism plagues the ﬁeld of science.

VieWs of Women get close look

women concerned about science from a variety
of perspectives," said Bonnie Spanier, Director
of Women's Studies at SUNYA and one of the
conference’s organizers. She cited the "wide"
spectrum of people” who attended as the key to
the conference's success, adding that a varied
range of topics were discussed and a variety of
viewpoints exchanged during the day.

One of the chief concerns of the conference,
said Spanier, was to address the need for women
to bring feminist values into the realm of the
sciences and to seek a compromise between social
responsibilities and the consequences of scientific
advancement. .- -

These consequences, she said, include the
detrimental impacts of technology on society,
such as worker displacement, pollution of the en-
vironment, and the role science plays in the
military. These problems could be alleviated or
even eliminated, the conference sought to prove,
by bringing women’s perspectives and feminist
values into the sciences, Spanier said.

This theme also formed the basis of speaker
Patrocinia Schweickart's keynote address, entitl-
cd “Bringing Women's Perspectives into Science
and Technology: A Matter of Rights and
Values." Born and educated in the Phillipines,
Schweickart spoke of the need to incorporate the
feminist values of compassion and non-violence
into the sciences and used her own scientific
background to illustrate the inherent sexism and
othcr problems that she said plague the field.

“I am a feminist," site proclaimed, “1 View the
issue of women and science from a feminist
perspective." She compared feminism to a con-

 

versation, describing it as “a plurality of voices

 

12>

 

 

 

l

‘_.mDA_Y,-NO,VBMBBR.12,,1985 i:i ALaArvvngDENrPRESS 5

_in—oun‘d 'Albany ‘

 

Intramurals: part of Collegelife

‘ By Marc Berman

Alan Ravolsky, a Financial Decision Systems major at SUNYA,
stepped into the batter’s box with two outs in the top of the last

inning.

His intramural softball team, the Martin Railer’s, had started the
inning behind 12-5, but an unexpected rally cut the Hooter’s margin
.to 12-10, and with runners on second and third base, Kavolsky
represented the winning run in a game that was critical to his team’s

playoff chances.

Kavolsky, muscularly built except for a soft belly, let the first pitch
ﬂy by for a strike. The next pitch nicked the outside portion of the
plate and the umpire screamed “strike two.” i

As Kavolsky stepped out of the box for ‘  V

a moment his Railer teammates yelled en-
couragement. “Don't worry about it, Big
VA ," yelled team manager Barry
Rothchild. “Just make contact, a single is
two runs.” ,

The senior from Seaford, Long Island,
moved back into the batting area, took
twovphantom swings, and positioned the
aluminum bat stifﬂy behind his head. The
Hooter pitcher released the ball, which ap
proached the batter, stomach-high.
Kavolsky stepped his left leg forward,
unleashing all 180 pounds into a ferocious
swing. '

Contact was made and the orange
sphere was in ﬂight, soaring over the left

 

fielder’s head and disappearing into the .

trees some 260 feet from home plate.
Sprinting around the bases, Kavolsky
seemed unaware he had swatted an
automatic homerun. He raced‘ across
homeplate and _was engulfed by 10

l delirious teammates.

Around Albany, the ASP's news feature
section debuting in this issue, will appear
every Tuesday. Different facets of life at
SUN YA and in Albany will be highlighted
each week.

WATCH FOR IT!

 

These sort of dramatics ocurred daily
thisxfall on the campus softball ﬁelds.
Now, with the winter months approaching
and the softball and soccer seasons

finishing up, intramural participants will ‘

move indoors for activities such as hockey,
basketball, volleyball and waterpolo.

Judging by the number of teams and

competitors, men’s softball is easily the I

most popular intramural sport. Eighty
teams competed this Fall, with close to
1000 students signed onto team rosters. In
the spring, enrollment is even higher. In

the spring of 1978, 210 teams joined the ‘

“I think being in the Northeast, the
thing to do when winter is over is get out-
doors and break out the softball," said
Denny Elkin, the Facilities Coordinator

‘ and pitching coach for the Dane's baseball
team. a "

Most students interviewedagreed, but
also pointed out that intramurals can be an
attractive device to avoid studying.

league and an estimated 3,500 students ’

competed.

“I’m an accounting major,"- said Marc
Reich, captain of the Tailgunners, an in-
tramural team which has participated in
softball, hockey, waterpolo, and
volleyball. “It's a great relief from study-
ing. It gives me something to look forward
to after a long day."

Elkin, a 1968 SUNYA graduate agreed.
“I think at this school the academic
pressures are so great that students need
outlets," he said. “They have to relax,
socialize and take their minds off
academics. Intramurals affords people to
do that.”

The men's intramural leagues are

.1 ,
is
governed by the Association of Men’s In-

tramural Athletics (AMIA). The student-...

run committee, comprised of a President,
Vice President, and ﬁfteen voting
members, draws up the game schedule and
enforces the rules of the AMIA
constitution.

_ AMIA President Willie Salerno “is do-
ing a great job," said Reich, who has dealt

with three other AMIA presidents.
“They're very organized this year."

The history of the AMIA is sketchy, but
it is known that the group originated in the
1950’s, and was run by physical education
faculty. In 1971, the students took full
control, and formed the Intramural
Council.

The mid— 19705 saw intramurals reach a
peak in participation as the fitness craze
began. “There was a great interest in
physical fitness,” 'Elkin said. “Everyone
wanted to be healthy."

Women were included when Women’s
Intramural and Recreation Association
(WIRA) was formed in 1976. Women’s
leagues were set up for softball, soccer,
basketball, volleyball, and co-ed softball,
a favorite among students.

WIRA presently is in a state of uncer-
tainty, with women‘s softball and soccer
leagues being cancelled this fall for lack of
enough teams. Insufﬁcient enrollment
may also force the cancellation of the
basketball season.

“I really can't explain it,” said Laura
Wyant, president of WlRA. “The women
just didn’t seem interested this year."

The decline in teams is coinciding with a
scarcity in WIRA staff members. Wyant is
joined by just three other staffers.

Co—ed softball and volleyball leagues
remain popular, but even their numbers
are diminishing, said Wyant. ‘ ‘The women
enjoy the cc-ed league because it’s a social
thing," she explained. “It doesn't matter
how good you are at the sport, just so
much as you try and have fun."

The men, however, seem to play much

. more competitively. In hockey, the action

gets so intense that ﬁghts occur often. The
1983 hockey finals were marred by con-

.‘tinuous brawls, which nearly caused the
‘cancellation of the series. "Co—ed we

play to have fun,” Reich said. “Men we
take seriously."

Nobody, however, takes» seriously the
names teams choose. “The Anal 1n-
truders," with their rallying cry “we come
from behind," however, had to go to ﬁve
stores before they found one that would
print their chosen emblem, which was
quite explicit. Other memorable names in-
clude the basketball team called “Shooting
Semen" and a 19705 squad called the
“Nads.” As the story goes, the team had
its own cheering section which chanted

A from the sidelines "Go—Nads. "

“Everyone loves to stay competitive,"

 said Monte.Lipman. “Whether you win or

lose, you go out after, talk about the
game, and have a few beers. It’s part ofthe
college experience. ’ ’ Cl

Marc Herman is a contributing editor of
the Albany Student Press.

DO YOU Want  & Mastercard‘ Credtl'Cards? CREDn‘GEr'rER, Box 291564,, DAV“; FL33329
Now you can have two of the most recognized and

accepted credit cards In the wurld...Vlsa\" and MasterCard”

credit cards..."ln your name." EVEN IFYOU ARE NEW IN

CREDIT or HAVE BEEN TURNED DOWN BEFORE!

VISA“ and MastciCnrrlk‘l the credit cards you
deserve and need for— lD—BOOKS—-DEPAR’I‘MEN’I‘
S’l‘ORES—TUITION—EN'I‘ERTAINMEMT-—
EMERGENCY CASH—TlCKE’I‘S—RESTAURAW
HUI’ELS—MOTELS—GAS—CAR RENTALS.-
REI’AIRS—AND TO BUILD YOUR CREDIT RATINGI

This Is the credit can! Information ktt students
have been raiding about In pubtlcutlons from
coast to coast and Includes SPECIAL
STUDENT APPLICATIONS for MasterCard" and
Vtauﬂ as well as other national charge cards.
Approval absolutely guaranteed so

MAIL 1'le N0 RISK COUFON TODAY

 

 Iwant VISA?” MASTERCARD” Credit
Cards. Enclosed ﬁnd 815 which Is 100% refundable linot

approved Immediately.
NAME
ADDRESS
CI'IY ___..__.._.__ STATE _ZlP
PHONE SS.”
SIGNATURE

NOTE: MhlnCanl III nut-turd trademark (it win-mom lnlemltonll. Inc.
Vin Inn mind marten-mi ulVISA USA. Inc In! VISA lntcnltlonll
Smitte- Aluminum. The show relay-l unit I not Illlllled WWI
Mulcdhrd lnlenndlnnnl. Inc. ur VISA USA. Inc.

-—-q---—----—--------n--

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

