 

Kanew and Edwards Create Comic Spy Thriller

t's The Graduate with bullets " en-
thuses director Jeff Kanew, amed
once more with Anthony Edwards,
. .tar in last summer‘s welcome
surpt se hit ﬁlm. Rt'zlmtg‘ (Ifthe Nerds.
“TIM Graduate was a coming-of-ag . ory,
which this is. It was a love story, which
tlii ‘ And yet it was very, very funny,
which hopefully this will be."

The new Kanew/Edwards pr jc t is
(.‘uIe/m, based partly on the nt col-
legiate ad for make clieve murder
game The film's top. y-turvy plot sends
Edwards from Los Angeles to Par. and
liast Berlin and then back to Los
Angele . acquiring along the way a tnys-
terious low named S: ha and an annoy-
ingly murder minded Soviet opc live
called Vlad. it's a college-centered vc -
sion ol'just the sort of thing Alfred
Hitchcock loved to do, placing an ordi-
nary chai cter in an extra~ordimiry .
uation, with undercurrents of humor.
romance and dangc swirling by. Kanew
sc n ' to enjoy mixing elelnent Nun/J.
for example, wa' a ' xy 1 n romp
blended with personal insight:

"(late/m," Kauew says. “started out to
he a comedy with suspen. . But it seems
to have become a suspet. . with comedy."

All! ' weeks in l'ari and llerlin,

t and crew are today at work in

II' l.os Angelt . 'l'hc ‘hooting

ule calls for ' ' outside the
(Ientral intelligence Agency's local

off". However. that s cretive agency
thwarted ever attetn t to learn their
building’s location. Instead. Kanew, Ed-
wards and company have set up cameras
and lights outside a bank tower.
lroui ally, the young hero of (‘utrha
faces a .‘milarly frustrating inal ty to
track down the (HA when he needs
them. Edwards pl' ]onathan, a UCLA
.' )phoinor , who is initially more re
l‘ul playing the pretend ' ination
game than be is with girls. He needs to
grow up. and lighting for his life while
fall '1) love provides the motivation.

“I feel really lucky to do
another movie with
Jeff.”

Kanew calls his teamng with Edwards

"a two-man repertory company.“
lcel really lucky to do another

movie with Jel'l‘." Edwards says. "'l'h'
rapport between the actor and the
rector . .o important and we get along
so \\’( I. It makes it much e: ier to com—
muni

“.lel'l 1 very u'ing guy"
add' lidwards. WlH ilso include
I’m! Time (II li’irlgenlunt High and Hear!
Like It Wheel. "He wants most of all to

care about the people in his movies. As a
result. hi char; tters have a wide range
ol'l'eeling and come u 0 human."

'l‘hats the ingredient, explain. ‘
wards, that turned Revenge of [lie Nenh
into a comedy which noneth s struck
deep emotions.

"The studio wanted another Purity
says Edwards. “We think we gave them
something with a little substance in-
stead."

ll' Edwards seems extremely loyal. he
owes hisjob on this film to Kanew's per-
. .tencc. Some high-level doubtc s
wouldn't believe that the star of a mm e
about nerds could play a convincing
romantic lead. Kanew did some powerful
persuading.

ttive actor who
adds a lot in terms of humor to almost
every scene," says Kanew. “And he'. abso-
luley the character in (lute/m. “L s
healthy wholesome. kind ol~ naive. yet
unde ieath a trong person

ln the clos'ng moments of (.‘nlehu‘s

ipthjonathan. ha ha and Vlad re- [1 s
paths back at the campus turl' Jonathan
has learned so well in his game-playing
it». s. lly now he's been exposed to love,
danger and det in he i i‘l a silly sopho-
more any long lltu i s an open ques—
tion whether he'll live long enough to
enjoy his new-l'ouud maturity. Hitchcock
liimsell'couldn't bring mattt down 1
clostl to the wire. I

H”: M()\’l|'. MM \llNli

 

