 

14 Sports ALBANY STUDENT PRESS a FRIDAY. MARCH I5. 1985

St. Johns buries Southern University. 83-59 I‘  The "10" Gleamsvthe} m

(AP) Southern University Coach
Bob Hopkins was-dutifully
respectful of St. John's. which
had just whipped his team 83-59.
but he wasn’t about to concede
the NCAA title to the Redmen.

“I can't say we just played the
NCAA champion," Hopkins said
Thursday after the loss in the
NCAA West sub-regional tourna-
ment. “There are probably 15
teams who could win this.

“But give them credit. They
can hurt you in so many ways.
Chris Mullin makes a lot ofthings
happen for them.

“How can I say anything about
their weaknesses when they just
kicked my fanny? They do have
some. but we couldn’t take ad-
vantage of them. They pounded
the boards and got second and
third shots."

Sophomore forward Walter
Berry scored 24 points. Bill Wen-
nington had 23 and Mullin 2| as
the Redmen overcame a sluggish
first half to beat the pesky
Jaguars.

Berry also had a game-high 13
rebounds and Wennington had
eight. while Mullin led all players
with six assists.

St. John's Coach Lou
Carnesecca praised his defense.
which he said “was the best we've
played in quite a while. We were a
little tentative out there at ﬁrst. a’
little tight. but now that the first
game is under our belts. we'll be
OK.” ’

Carntsecca. a devotee of lucky
sweaters, was decked up in a new
ski sweater with snowﬂakes on it.
“This is my sweater for the tour-
nament," he said. “I think it's
kind of apropos for this area.
When in Rome. do as the Romans
do."

Lchlgh's dream over

The clock struck midnight for
Lehigh’s Cinderella ride into the
NCAA basketball tournament as
Georgetown, the belle of the ball.
kept right on dancing with a 68-43
victory Thursday.

But Coach John Thompson of
the top-ranked Hoyas thought his
players should have listened to the
music more closely after they roll-
ed to a 28-point halftime bulge in
the first round of the East
Regionals.

"After we got up. it was dif-
ficult to maintain a certain level

of concentration." Thompson
said. “It's tough when you have a
lead like that to keep that team-
oriented defense."

Lehigh, the only tournament
team with a losing record. was
.slower and shorter than
Georgetown but’outscored the
Hoyas 32-29 in the second half.

“it was Very difﬁcult" to play
against a smaller team. said
Georgetown center Patrick Ew-
ing, who had six blocked shots
but only four rebounds. “I wasn’t
able to get to the offensive boards
the way I have in the past because
they took my legs out from under
me'II

“l didn’t know what to ex-

Albany State crew started

<Back Page

weighing 220 pounds fully rigged,
is worth about $10,000. One was
donated by Peter Kiernan. the
President of Norstar Bank and an
avid oarsman. The other was a
gift of Lewis Swyer, the head of
Swyer Construction and chair-
man of the Saratoga Performing
Arts Center.

The city of Albany is in the pro-
cess of building a boathouse in
the Coming Preserve. just north
of SUNY-Central. The structure.
which will be sixty-six feet by for-
ty feet. will cost the city
$30.000-40.000. and can be used
by anyone in the city.

Mayor Whalen looks forward
to working with SUNYA on br-

inging rowing back to Albany.
One of the city's goals, he said .
would be to bring “intercollegi-
iate rowing back to the Hud-
son."

Although the city and Albany
State work together on a number
of projects “we have never col-
laborated on a recreational
endeavor." says Whalen. “But
relationships have always been ex-
cellent. The University is a
magniﬁcent asset to the city."

There is support, though
guarded. from the University'ad-
ministration as well. Lewis
Welch. vice-president for Univer-
sity Affairs, thinks c'rew is an
“interesting option" athletically.

 

   

S,

and allthe frills '

 

pect” from Lehigh, said Thomp-
son. “When you go into .any
ballgame that .you’re expected to
run away with...l don't think We
try to deal with the score as much .i
as we do with our system." -.

Lehigh Coach Tom Schneider i
was impressed with the Hoyas" t
system — a pressing defense and
running offense.

“ltgives SUNYA a-mark of uni- ;' ,
que distinction within the SUNY
system,” said Welch. , Never-
theless, there is concern over the
response to crew on campus.
Also, rowing is an expensive sport
to get under way. although it
costs little to maintain. according
to Dr. Kaye. “Crew notoriously
has attracted dedicated alumni.”

What's in the future? Says Vice
President Welch. “The most im-
mediate benchwork for the
resurgence of crew is the proposal
for a regatta." He is referring to ;
the Empire State Regatta. .
scheduled for June 8-9. which Dr.
Kaye hopes will » attract about
seven hundred oarsmen and up-
wards of 20,000 spectators.

t

The intraJISP

 

 

 

 

rodeo . I ,
invitational will
take place at a" 
later date '
i

    

. nitrite-I'll

 

 

 

manen'ze  '

By Ftlch Sheridan

A kit of people are saying that 64 teams
are too many tohave in the NCAA basket-
ball tournament. They're saying that
teams like Lehigh or Mercer don't belong
in the tournament and will probably get
knocked off in the ﬁrst round, so why even
bother to invite them'f v

Lehigh and Mercer are

both teams from weaker 

conferences that received , 
automatic bids by winn- 4 ,
ing their conference’s 
tournaments. So to ,'
make sure the best teams are in the NCAA
tournamentk. conferences should be
denied their automatic bids. right? Wrengu

- l canremember a team from the not too
distant’past that needed to win its con-
ference tournament in order to make the
NCAAs. After a poor start. the team jelled
late in the season, won 'its conference tour-
nament, and 'started pulling off upsets in
the NCAAs. When Lorenzo Charles slam-
med home a missed shot at the buzzer
against Houston. that team. the Wolfpack
of North Carolina State. had won the na-
tional championship. And if they hadn't
won their conference tournament, they
wouldn’t have even been given the chance.

The ‘ weaker conferences needed the
automatic bid to the NCAAs in order to
survive. Teams join conferences because
of it, and try to remain competitive with
their fellow conference teams. Conference _

' rivalries develop, and the game is more ex—

citing and entertaining as a result. Think
of what-college’bt'tsketball would be like
without great conference rivalries sueh'as
North Carolina-North Carolina State;
Georgetown-St. . John's and Albany-
Potsdam. .

l’m'not going to go out on a limb and
say that Lehigh or Mercer actually have a
chance to win the tournament. That would
be the same as believing "that my _i_n-

shot at winning that AMlA title. But these

teams are in. the tournament. and that .
gives them the right to hope, and to dream.’
It also gives their basketball programs a lit»

tle prestige, and a little of money, and that

can' never hurt.-

With the 64—team field, more at-large
bids are available. allowing virtually all the
competitive teams a chance to participate.
inevitably, someone will feel cheated out-

Seras takeson best, in nation

«Back Page « ,
semis this time, as he suffered a l3tlZ loss
due to what he terms a "bogus" call. But
he was stilllteam MVP that year, and an
'All-American, and served the first‘of three
seasons as team captain.

His junior year was a 17-0 duel meet

season for’Seras, and in addition to winn- ‘

ing his third SUNYAC title and receiving
All-American honors. he became the first-
Albany wrestler to win a New York State
Collegiate Tournament title. >
.He also gained experience in premier
wrestling tournaments. participating in the
Great Plains and Midlands tournaments.
“They were important experiences for
me." says Seras, “because you have to test
yourself. These kinds of matches give you
a better perspective of yotirself than does
just wrestling the guys in your own'gym.”
. Then came last year's red—shirt year. a
year in which Seras resumed his twice-daily
workout schedule and started wrestling
“studs” overseas.
“My best toui'nament was in Faenza.
Italy." says Seras, “when I beat the world

'champion. I also beat the” European
champ. a Hungarian, who hadpreviously .
l was named the .

defeated me 12-0. . _
Outstanding American Wrestler in a cou-

ple of tournaments. One‘tittiegmy prize '

was a Black and Decker hand drill."
The successful vauro' " '
were followed bv-slthe

   

 

 

tramural floor hockey team actually had a

a

 NIciHTéé‘"
“Wismess _  ‘
1’ ' 

Mil-documented '

 

 

women-r: rmnav . .
man. 15'“! 5pm- 8 PM

 

a tournamenter

   

FRIDAY. MARCH 15. I985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

errier in NCAA tourney

of a bid, like West Virginia. but it seems
there are less unhappy teams this year than
in the past.

Another advantage of the 64-team for-
mat is that there are no byes. Whoever
wins the tournament will have to triumph
in six straightfhigh pressure, do or die

games. The team that eventually emerges,

as champion will have undoubtedly proven
themselves worthy of that title.

 

,  r: em

But the best part of the 64-team tourna-
ment is that there will be more quality
games than ever before. in only the ﬁrst

round such promising matchups as.

Syracuse-Depaul or Washington-Kentucky
:an be found. So instead of complaining
about the new format, sit back and enjoy
all the excitement it’ll be creating.

Rich Sheridan is a staff writer for the
Albany Student Press.

      

 

Summer Olympic ordeal. and by his
undefeated senior season in which he ﬁnal-
ly captured the title that had alluded him in
 three previous attempts. the NCAA
'champiOnship. ‘rgl'n‘: , H
.r-_Seras? ﬁnal collegiate seasontwul reach
its climax this weekendin thief-Division l
NCAAs. To place in the competition, and
thereby receive All-Ame c’an Division I
7 h'onors. is his goal. I. a '
~9‘On the One hand

 
   
  

  
 

DON‘T BE FOOLED BY THE R -
, Tit Y THE BEST EST

' urn: ANTHONV'S

nor as prepared as the Division l guys
because l haven't had any competition
lately. I’ve had the beneﬁts of having Jitn
Fox and Marty Pidei, my teammates, and
Ike Anderson, my assistant coach. as
workout partners. Still. though, I've only
had to be tired.”

“l'm ready for this competition.
though. Things have gone 'badly for me in
the past so I'm looking. to turn things

 

   

 .ﬁroundl-“l’mveady-toget tuCky. " D .

  
    

 

 

 

"OHStOPietS

 

   

     

mute/times,

 

 

    

 

   
 
  

   
     

 

 

 
 
  

          

   
 
  
   
 

 

 
  

  

  

   

 

....‘.’:‘:!:::‘:;1:.‘:::‘:'.::'.::zi:‘r   “w    Serving 21 cities “the . so   "ti 1- r 1 095' CENTRAL II VI.
- tll‘iltt'\ -'\'v \I'I‘ll .1 un‘ are. '10? s ' ‘ s U 0. ti: t‘tll wrt' . unto-u. "k V“ ‘ .u , ' ,

and :i‘tll“!‘tkiilt‘\l’ tu-t  tlist’nutil i‘tlih ln' nllvliltlti; llmlv [thrill-Ll. l('ttll‘l Filli‘li'l'. litilulrt    2‘““""“"':ff:sz;f  . ‘    a  y

thin-Hint; \'t\|l Ittl mutiny. \unr lt.i‘i'.‘i',.ty_r- jutting; Department works lull tune to  m “meuuwm.”  __ u on, s      o . .

.md Inr .1 think Inlll‘ultt. mm it it's put .I Insuri- that uur tart-s are mmputttlw Albany Ithaca THEBRFA - T    

““‘ ‘,‘\'.".".'.'.‘,‘i}.‘.‘.'v ‘S.:.‘v'.“.‘."..... h... m. .....x """li'i".3933:iiiiil‘lixili iiiil.ii.r;...ti.m Baltimore Kennedy w i . _ . ___*

\utt «till iu't tlw mll~ l‘inpirv l‘l'tt\'|ti\'\ mil \‘Ullt‘ I’mvul Agent or lint wiry Airlines Binghamton LaGuardia ‘  I 1 ’ ' I I I ~

mu m t n wqu u‘ m ' t'ltt“ “'0 .i .‘ A t2~sn5| t ow in ’ . . on ~INTO THE NIGHT 3 . . a -

tnlllgltlllt'nlt dimly |tt'\wing]:'h‘nlllJnntFlu. |fﬁilsfihldilllt3(t'lhtii\‘hcrt' in “1:865. r Boston MONITEaI  h “Wham m“  M   u E  ' c L  L ~-—-——.

   i    E... - .95 m0 Buffalo Newark  " 2 egg—R": A Kin -stze ur r

I iii}.““hm:iii'ii-Yiitliimlift-irlitltliiiht-r plre 8‘ you re l' Ott w THE KILLING FIELDS ; - h  v ge

.. I ... g I.  r I _ foryourlowfares Bur mgton a a W..- . Wlt acon. _c eese. ettuce. a

      , Cleveland Rochester vrsrou QUEST ' tomato - rilled to perfection.

‘ "   gm?“ inner." ( lo 76 of sa es goes to Telethon.) 3 3 C, W E @ Q >

Hartford Washington “’"NESS . 00 , J V 't/ ”  ' ' f r
.51... WNW...“ Z?  WQfWL/M @WE'ESE [Pi/Z2103

 
 

 

$2.?5 @ item

Oﬂ'erﬂtpires Mind: 21, 1985
NO OTL‘R DISOUS PLY WITH ‘ THIS SPEUIL

ic .
nd our favorite BBQ wings. $.50
goes to. telethon

   

  -An y-coizl pitcher oi 3mg he.“
I a y ) (

   

:Mutnuuu

MISSING IN ACTION I

mt ntmnma _

  

 
 

.»~ I/-
euvluuo

       
 
     

 
 

 

 
 

   
 
 

Low Fares . , . JOIN US TONIGHT ! snow roan STUDENT'I.D. CARD AT our:
Full Servrce Migrant 'tmnsss W NEW STORH- NEWTON Panza - 588LOUDON rm. . J.
t  We. asthma " brought to you by ‘ ' m "m" "m “mm—Jr":

 
 

mm. nu a! n
im t mun-uni:

   

 

 



. , I
. I'm'm and 't"lll\lll'llh\ m. Mt’tlhllll ' lu II’I ht sttttitlulu. l-m tutle Intutumltuu amt (ta-wyatmnﬁ. ntliyuurﬂrtm-l Agent in Lutptte Atrium-
' ' ‘ V . .Il ihllll “In” 31.1.1 In Nun York “tutu-or l HUN [IN "(N rlwuln-tr Ill titr l. “

Lars or serum . cm. W for Music a Sport Ev...“

 

 

' Univei‘sity‘Auxlllary Services

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

