 

Inadequate
bus service

 

No business could survive if 86 percent
of it’s frequent customers were
dissatisfied with it’s service. Unless, of
course, the business was a subsidized
monopoly and it’s customers were
apathetic students who complained to
each other but never actively demanded
any changes. Then it has a chance, a good
chance, for survival.

- These are exactly the odds the
operators of SUNYA’s bus service have
obviously been relying on.

And we’ve been letting them get aWay
with it. We’ve accepted, in fact, paid
money for, a system where tickets are in—
accessible, lost stickers are irreplaceable.
the schedule is out of synch with our class
times, the buses are sometimes late and
often crowded, and the drivers have been
known to be rude and obnoxious.

According to a recent Student Associa-
tion survey, 81 percent of the students
riding SUNYA’s green machines are
dissatisfied with major aspects of the ser—
vice. For frequent bus riders, the percen-
tage of unhappy customers went as high
as 86 percent. Complaints ranged from
being passed by full buses in the morning
to inadequate service on the weekends, to
scheduled buses that never showed up.

These findings should come as a sur-
prise to no one; inadequate bus service is
not a new issue. About four and a half
years ago, student leaders met with
Physical Plant Director Dennis Stevens to
discuss probletns with bus service. A lot
of promises were made, but nothing’s
changed since then except now we pay l0
cents a ride or $10 per semester for the
same lousy service.

Most of us have accepted this quietly.
content to grumble to ottselves, but never
actually do anything about it. Our stu—
dent leaders ltave tried fighting the bus
fee first in a University task force, then in
the state courts; losing, in both places.
Now, we've been told that a University
Senate Committee plans to study bus ser-
vice problems.

Unfortunately, behind all this
bureacratic talk lies litle action. Our stu-
dent government has fought quietly, too
quietly, solely through administrative
channels. its time something active was
:.,.. done to force open discussions and im-'
mediate action from the administration.

if a business isn't pleasing it’s
customers, they go elsewhere. Even in a
monopoly you’ve got two options: use
the service or don't. Maybe one day we
should take the second option; instead of
riding. we should walk uptown in protest
and demand to be heard. After all. not
even a monopoly has the right to make
thousands of dollars off dissatisfied
customers.

 

 

 

 

 

r|I|l|

   

mefﬂrl
Colleuo i'rtns norm..-

 

\

PuniShing the

Much of the debate surrounding the recent libel suits
filed by Ariel Sharon and General William
Westmoreland against Time, inc. and CBS respectively
has. for the most part, consisted of whether Mr. Sharon
really did order the silent and bloody refugee massacre
or whether Gen. Westmoreland really did lie, for
whatever reasons he thought were valid. about enemy
troop strengths in Vietnam. These were the issues in
question and so be it. these were the questions that were
scrutinized in month after month of court testimony.
Certainly, after scratching away all the dollar signs that
enveloped the booty. the interested parties were fighting
for vindication, political and personal. '

L Joseph Fusco i

it is a characteristic of ourjustice system that conflicts
brought before a court be argued strictly on the merits
and particulars of the case while yet another court may
be asked. at a later date. to argue the philosophical ques-
tions that may arise. History is asked to judge them all.

History, as the judge in the Westmoreland trial
asserted, will make the final decisions. Ariel Sharon and
Time battled to a “split decision‘I and late last month
Gen. Westmoreland. outrunning his supply lines. drop-
ped his suit against CBS. All sides claimed victory. The
only winners are those who wish to suppress opposition
anti make public debate safe and comfortable.

irrespective ol‘their merits, these mammoth libel trials
assattltcd a very basic thread in the fabric of our society
and ignored the nature of American freedom.
Sotnething in our histbry, something in our collective
consciousness should have never let these suits see the

light of day. No such trials should ever be permitted-

again. They announce a dangerous premise: Public of-
ficials have a right to be protected by the law from press
abuse; no attacks on those in government should go un-
punishcd. Surely this is not an American tradition.
Many angry people making angry comments on the
press seem to believe that it is. The “liberal press" (as
critics call it) is attempting to weaken our government.
These libel suits instead threaten the tradition of free
speech. This is not the press saying so. Madison said it.
So did Jefferson.

No such trials should ever be permitted.

By most estimates, CBS will be at least $2 million
lighter when their lawyers' fees come due. Similarly.
Time, inc. has paid dearly to defend itself in the $50
tnillion suit brought by Mr. Sharon.

Surely. however, both Time and CBS can, to a degree,
afford these costs. But it is a dangerous precedent in the
relationship between government and its citizens when
public officials attempt to suppress pttbilc criticism of
their performances.

Suppose for a minute that a small local radio station
broadcast v or a weekly newspaper somewhere in the
Deep interior printed - a story critical of a government
official. liven ifa jury were to find in favor of the small
radio station or the weekly newspaper. the cost of defen-
ding onc‘s sclf would pltt one out of business.

How are we to distinguish between fact and fiction
and justice and injustice when even the innocent l‘ace
ruinalion not by losing a frivolous suit but by merely be-
ing compelled to defend themselves against one?

. a . ...  . ._....-. ..... Wham... .M ..

 

  
 

press.

it is not a preposterous assumption. in Suffolk Coun-
ty in 1975 a small group of women, after observing the
performances of various judges, filed a; complaint
against a judge 'based on his allegedly unbecoming
behavior in the courtroom. The judge promptly slapped
a $1 million libel suit on the group. The women, by now
petriﬁed with fear. could not afford to hire an attorney

and their watchdog project, undertaken 'within their
rights as citizens, immediately ﬁzzled. One suspects this
was what the judge wanted all along. The message was ‘
clear: criticize public officials at your own risk.

The media’s legal funds are not the only things to pay
a heavy price for public officials’ libel suits. Actions like 
these place a heavy toll on free speech. in an arena
where unfettered exchange was once its greatest virtue,
the press in this country runs the risk of becoming impo-
tent with fear and dilute with caution. When
Westmoreland announces a $l20 million lawsuit, his in-
tent is to intimidate.

We have become. in the last few years. a nation ac-
customed to settling our disputes in court. Will it now
become de rigueur for the powerful and those holding
public office to use libel suits not for genuine redress but
to stifle organized resistance. quell criticism, and chill
free speech? Might even Time and CBS hesitate to
publish or broadcast material critical of public officials?

Constitutionally. the government cannot try citizens
for statements made that may appear seditious.
Although we cannot be put on trial on the basis of our
words, why do we allow our public officials to do so
through civil libel laws? , I ‘

There are those who will say that some elemetifs of a
free press do more harm than good and undermine the
best efforts of those who have been entrusted with the
public welfare. Yet the libel suits brought by public of-
ficials do little more than sanction the suppression of op-
position, one of the filthy dispositions of totalitarian
regimes. if those who are suspicious of a free press hope
somehow to remedy its evils. none of those evils that
totalitarianism claims to abolish is worse than
totalitarianism itself. And what “evil” will we do away
with next?

American history is rife with examples of public of-
ficials encountering abuse in the public arena. They did
not sue. They dealt with the charges by ansWerlng back.
They did not inflict needlessly high costs on our basic
rights. instead they reaffirmed for all'of us the right to
participate in unobstructed political debate.

The verdict in Sharon vs. Time, inc. was a draw. Gen.
Westmoreland withdrew his suit against CBS before a
jury could make a decision. So who won?

Doubtless, if the recent libel trials, produce their in-
tended effect and public officials continue to discover
this pathetic tool of vindication and something deep in
ottr hearts and experience does not refuse to allow this'
new climate to dominate ptlblic debate, Mr. Sharon and
(ion. Westmorcland and their contemporaries will have

no need to sue for peace. Encouraged, they will pound
away at the foundation ol'tt most sacred liberty, until a
mere finger taps at its platform and sends it crashing in
to a heap of rubble and dust.

 

 

.luc f‘llt‘t't) Is a contributing editor to the ASP

bw—M“
“W

 

I r

.\ .2 M
‘ 1. 7‘ t: —:

..s.. .——'—-‘ " ‘

- ETR

 

 

 

Trivial details

To the Editor: ‘ ‘

We, as planners of Disabled Awareness Day, would
like to voice a few complaints of the ASP coverage."First
of all, the ASP stressed the unimportant details. The arti-
cle mentioned too many complaints about the inconve-
niences which VUAD (University Action for the Disabled)
does not feel were important. The ASP took passing
statements, and expanded upon these, instead of looking
into the important issues that Rob brought up in his
interview.

The article faiie'd to print the important issues, which
we, as the principal planners,‘ would have been able to
give you insight into. Our committees._U.A.D. and
S.C.C. (Student Community ’Cornmilt'ee),"have been
dedicated to issues of the‘disabled, yet you failed to in-
elude our knowledge..

instead of highlighting the important issues such as get-
ting a new van, and the development of U.A. D. hockey as
part of our effort to‘increase awareness. you chose to
stress trivial issues. .

Obviously. the ASP was uninformed. The reporter
wasn't told either of our names. On top of this, the editor
cut out the important issues, and ﬁlled the article with
random bits of trivial information which misrepresented
the day's events.

in addition to our dissatisfaction with the article. we
were'also displeased with the editorial. The consensus
among most disabled students is that the majority of
students on this campus have a positive attitude towards
the disabled. The editorial mentioned that a condescen-
ding attitude exists on this campus, yet making such a
false statement can only foster that type of negative at-
titude. Also, at one point the editorial stated, “faculty
and administration seem to consider this [campus ac-
cessibility] a low priority." Based on this university’s past
history and present involvement with issues concerning

the disabled. we feel that this statement is unjustiﬁed.-

The theme of both of our speeches centered around the
administration's dedication to making SUNY at Albany a
model university which leads the nation interms of cam~
pus accessibility and equal opportunity to an education.
This was never brought out in the article or the editorial.

' ycﬂspects

Elllblllltod In 1!!!

 

Holdl Jo Grotto. Editor In ell/u
Dun Chung. Joint Keenan. Manna/no Editors

 

Now. Editor 'IMM O'Sulllvan
Anoolntl News Editor .... Allele Clmborn
ASPootI Editorl  doll. Hlno Vounu

     

 

Editorlti Plon- Editor .... ..
Copy Editor

 

Jerry cumplono. David L.L. Luttln. Sonlal Editors

Contributing Editors Joseph Fusoo. Michelle Kroll. Wayne Poorobopm,
Judy Tolol Editorial Alli-tonic: Mlcholloﬂulhsr. Cathy Elrlg. llono walnu-
loln. elm writers: auburn Abrlhllnor. Donna Altman. Loollo Cnnlt. Johanna
Clancy. Jacquie Clark. Ian Clements. Ken Dornbnurn. Butte Dumbo. Both Fin-
norun. Ronald Brent Gorstan. Bob Hmlon. Eric Hindon, Moddl Kun. J. Michael
Melee. Christlno Roiloll. Pam Schultmnln, Rich Sheridan. Michael Skolnlek.
David Wanholm, Spectrum Editor: Brenda Sehullor all" Artist: Gary Palmer

Citri- Ilnohl. Bullnou Man-per
Lynn Bar-tile. Annular. Buolnua Manager
Maura Kellolt. Rhonda Wall. Advonlrlnp Managers
Krolnnr. sun Manager

“Ar-h. Hnlh
Payroll ﬁlm-Mm- ﬂ-v Pom-
crmtltut Inn-e- k-v-n Devil
Advertising loin: Kenn Amtor. Dan Plot-her. More Mobonnln. mob tht.
Judy Toni. Advertising Prod-lo Llu alonlu. Donlu Outrone. rerou
Glee-lane. Ell-on Kalb-lull. Alloo McDonnell. toelll Mldlorctty, Amy Poporny.
Mltu SettlIIro. out" lull: Kathy calcite-tor. Undo Dela-do. Mulorlo Noun
lhll. Elephant: aohonlul

Mun I. Boole. Patriot. ﬂilnnota, Producllon Manager.

cnlol Typoultor  ...................................... ..Lanooy Hoymnn
Yyplotl: Debor- Adolmonn. Junnlno Dl-nuuo. Boron inland. Duv- Jon-I.
Cattle Subl. Pun alrmbnr. Paloma: Gnrln Oolomln. E. Phllllp Hoover. Judy
Lawrence. D. Darrel alnt. Momentum. channel“: Wuron Hurwltz,
lilchard Sheridan '  

Photography principally .m’smmrymn Iorviel. - student
group. t i» ' - a ’ ‘

Chill Photographer: Erica Spiro-l it" Ito“: Elihu Albert. Amy Cohen. Marla
Culllnln. John Curry. Lynn Drollugﬁglndy auwoy. Adam aln-bora. Robert
Hunomlnn. stlo tum. Kenny ttlnoh‘.’ ,rt Luoltoy. tier Mlurll. Mont
Modluvllll. Chril Orllni, Llu almlnono. Rommpouoy. Davld Btrlck. How-rd
iyulr , . .v «

Entire contentl copyright I.” Albany Itudonl Flue Oorpoullon. all rights
reserved. . ’

The Albany Student Ptut ll published Tueudoylfma Fridays between
Annual and Juno by the Albany btudonl Prul Corporation, an Independent
not-torturollt corporation. '

Etlllurl-ln are written by the Editor in Ohio! with mamburl oi the Editorial
Hoard; policy to subject to review try the Editorial board. Advultlllrla pulley
(Intro not necvunrlly tallest taltorlll policy.

Mailing address:
Albany student Pro". ca 320
00 Wuhlnglon Ave.

 

 

Album NV 133“
d 1 332

mg! I m tram _, . ‘.

Wheat.“

 

You pointed out eye-catching things such as John Mar-
tone calling in sick for the day, while he was one of the
people who was quite enthusiastic about the day’s events.
yet he was sick. unfortunately. Some of the statements in
the article and editorial will hinder the development of a
mutually beneﬁcial relationship between the students and
the administration.

Unfortunately, there was a lack of communication bet-
ween the planning committees and Nancy Belowich. we
must point out that Nancy’s knowledge of the day's
events was solely through the ASP coverage, which
misinterpreted the true success of the day and excluded
the constructive aspects.

Not only do we feel that the article was poorly written.
but we also feel that the picture chosen was inap-
propriate. At a recent U.A.D. meeting. some members
pointed out that you could have taken pictures of the
hockey game, but instead you chose a picture of Steve
Gawley holding the microphone for Rob Pipia. We, as
well as many others, question your motives in choosing
such a picture. We are quite aware that Rich Dalton is not
running for S.A. President next year, however that does
not mean that you should eliminate his name from the
caption, giving the impression that Steve Gawiey was the
principal planner of the day.

-Rlchnrd Dalton

Co-Chair. Student Community Committee

‘ —Rob Pipi-
President, University Action For The Disabled

0 O O O
Unfatr crittersm
To the Editor: ‘

After reading the article on the Dane loss to WPI in
the NCAA basketball tourney last weekend. i wondered
if basketball was the team sport l'd always thought it to
be or a two man show.

Albany senior guards Dan Croutier and Dave Adam
played no more of a poor game that night than the rest.
of their teammates. Greg Hart and Adam Ursprung
combined for a mere nine points. and i saw more re-
bounds go to Worcester than i could count. Were
Croutier and Adam to blame for that too? The article by
Dean Chang certainly implied so. .

i saw a great team, nearly the same one for the past
two seasons, and two senior guards i'vebegn watching
for four years get beaten by a team that should have
never come close. it was a disappointing game for all of
them but it was a TEAM LOSS. one that cost them all a '
lot. ironically, if i could name the two men who were
hurt most by that loss, maybe more than Doc Sauers, it
would be Dan and Dave. They are two brilliant guards
who could have ended their careers in an equally
brilliant manner by reaching the final four. Unlike Doc.
they won’t get another chance.

So instead of unfairly criticizing their game. where
Dave had il points and Danny l6, i think we should
cngratulate them on four great seasons at Albany and

 wish (them thejbe‘st‘of'luck in the future.

—-name withheld upon’ request

Discouraged rider

To the Editor:

This past Thursday afternoon we had the pleasure of
participating in Telethon '85'5 sponsorship of After-
noon at the Bars. We understand that it was a great suc-
cess and would like to congratulate them on their ef-
forts. As students involved with many programs com-
bating drinking while driving in this school. we also

I found it otlr duty to assure that wedidn't participate in

any drunk driving. To make sure that no one drove. we
used the campus bus service for our transportation to
and from the event. despite the fact that we had ample
opportunity to use our own transportation. However,
upon our return trip from downtown. we were subjected
to a bus driver who obviously did not approve of our ac~
tivities. This driver, who we shall leave nameless. con-
tinually called many students “drunks” and "losers" as
well as personally harassing many others. She also drove
in an erratic way to show her disapproval of our actions.
by taking many turns beyond the bounds of our safety,
as well as stopping to quickily. on many occassions. that
students were thrown from their seats.

Our questions to you as well as the whole student
population at Albany are these: Should we as students,
who are incidentally paying for lhis'service, put up with
these actions? Should we be subjected to the moral opi-
nions of university personnel. especially when our deci-
sion to use public transportation demonstrated a respon-
sible and mature attitude towards the ills of drinking and
driving? We think the answers to these qttestions are
clear. and we also think that steps should be taken to in-
form busdrlvers that these actions will not be tolerated
in the future. We also think that they should be made
aware of the fact that. by taking this service. we are not
endangering the lives of others by getting into a car and
driving.

This event was considered by us as very discouraging,

and we hope that it will not happen again. After all,

students should not be discouraged from using a system

that they pay for. Yet. more importantly, we should not

allow these actions to take place while we are serving to
combat one of the biggest killers in our nation today.

—Wltlter Caslde

—Chrl.s Bloke

—Robert Kessler

—Mark Mackier

Thanks to all

To the Editor:

On behaifof myself and my family i wish to express my
gratitude both for the many expressions of sympathy
that were sent following the death of my mother as well
as for the many letters, cards, phone callsI and personal

gestures that were connected with Number 500.
in a time that was mixed with sadness and elation it
was deeply comforting to know that so many other peo-
ple cared and shared your concerns and your successes.
—ch|t Sauers
Basketball coach

Many answers

To the Editor:

To the unenlightened reader of “Secular Aid" (ASP,
March ii), the brave student (who withheld his or her
name) seemed to have a good point. After all, why
should Jews be concerned only with Ethiopian Jews
when there are millions of starving people of all
religions? The answer is manifold.

First is the cruelty to which the present Marxist
government subjects the Jews of Ethiopia and which
Ethiopia herself has a long history of doing. Until the
l7th century the Jewish Ethiopians ﬂourished while
most European Jewish communities experienced oppres-
sion. This changed when ambitious. evangelical Ethio-
pian Christians warred against them, killing, converting.
and enslaving thousands. in 1867, a French Jew
“discovered” this Ethiopian Jewish community and the
Jews of Ethiopia learned of the outside Jewish world,
rekindling their desire to live in what became the modern
state of israel. Although lsrael's gates were open to
them. Ethiopia kept hers particularly shut to the Jews.
She was oppressing. in 1974. events took a turn for the
worse when Haile Selassie was deposed by a Marxist.
Socialist military regime which closed the trickle of
Jewish emigration completely. With the government’s
new land reforms the Jews, who had sharecroppcr status
(unlike other denominations who were allowed to own
land). were'raidcd and persecuted. Like many-Ethiopian
Christians, the Jews fled Ethiopia to escape the horror
of the new government only to be threatened again by
disease and malnutrition. Ethiopia gained control ofthe
refuge and actively began persecuting the refugees. in
particular the Jews. Forced assimilation, the forbid-
dance of Jewish teachings. and torture and imprison-
ment served to reduce the nuntber of Falashas (a term
meaning “strangers") to about 25,000. from a popula-
tion once numbering 400.000. This behavior by a
government against its Jewish populace is unfortunately
not unique. it is the responsibility of Jews and other
people everywhere to speak out against this
discriminatory. genocidal treatment as well as aid all of
‘Africa's starving people. The situation horribly parallels
that of the Holocaust. The failure of the world and
world Jewry to come to the aid of the six million. who
perished only because they were Jews, must not be-
rcpcated. There is nothing wrong for an American Jew’s
efforts to be directed toward insuring this never happens
again.

Secondly, based on the government's past antidewish
policies, it is more thanlikcly that the Jews there are not
receiving the benefits of the worldwide famine relief ef-
fort. Those most actively persecuted have been
abandoned.

i agree with the writer that to categorize people in a
time of crisis is distasteful. But after centuries of '
persecution. discrimination, and mass murder. Jews
have learned a lesson. As the scholar Hillel said, “if i
am not for myself. who will be for me?" The plight of
all starving Africans requires our attention; for that
reason the Ethiopian Jewry Fund at SUNYA is working
in conjunction with Students Opposed to Poverty

‘(S.T.O.P.) to help alleviate conditions there. However,

the Ethiopian government's policy to target its Jewish
community for persecution demands the increased at-
tention of the world. -
~Howurd Knpian

 

We need
letters!

 

 

