 

 

EDUCATION

Ilonteeoiting queen I 983. illiss America 985: SImrle/te Wells (center) at Cougar Stadium

God and Man at BYU

A university ranks clean living with education.

lteday beginsat6a.m..whcnthc bell
tower on the upper campus peals out
the ﬁrst four notes of a Morntott
hymn, “Come. Come Ye Saints." (Late
sleepers have utttil 7:45. whett the cantptts
loudspeaker systent plays “The Star-Span-
gled Battner.") On a winter morning this
looks much like atty other big campus—
27.000students crisscrossing tidy paths attd
walkways on their way to class. But look
agaitt. None oftlte nten is bearded. and none
of the women wears an above-the-knce
skit't. No oite is sippittg coffee as he walks
along.orsmokingaeigttrettc. Friends don't
ntake lottd plans to meet for a beer after
class—there are only two bars in town, aitd
few ofthcsc students have ever been iit one.
Good morning. Welcome to another day at
Brigham Young. the educational center-
piece of the Mormon Church and the ita-
tion‘s largest church-sponsored university
lf BYU requires a second glattcc, that‘s
because itt many ways it is two scltools. On
the one hand. it is an acadentic center, na-
tiottally known for outstanding programs itt
organizational behavior, management, ac-
counting attd graphic arts. Research itt
computers and energy conservation adds to
BYU‘s luster. So does the presence of two
genuine American icons: the Cougars. a
perennially wittniitg football leattt that was
voted tltc I984 national clutntpionship. attd i
the 1985 Miss America. junior Sharlenc i
Wells (forgood measure, the school also ltas i

 

 

lit

the l983-84 Miss Teenage America. Laura
Baxter). But BYU is also. by its own de-
scription. “The Mormon University."
About 98 percent ofits students are Mor-
ntons. members of the Church of' Jesus
Christ of Latter-day Saints. They conte to
the school‘s Provo. Utah. campus seeking
training iii the ways of the church just as
ntuclt as learning lit the ways ofthe world.

They 'I'e No. l: Faster Robbie Harm

 

University president Jeffrey
R. Holland says the school's
twin purposes are inseparable.
“Nobody is willing to ask any-
more, what is the real nature of
the university—is there a mor-
al issue involved?“ Holland
says. “Here, we expect every-
one to be thinking and talking
in ways that always come back
to a strong ethical and moral
base.“ BYU‘s motto suggests
its intertwining of academics
and theology: “The glory of
God is intelligence.“ But aca-
dcntie inquiry and religious
trainingaren‘talwayscompati-
ble. “BYU is caught iii a para-
dox.“ says English Prof. Eu-
gene England. “It's trying to be
a university iii the seettlar
tradition of Western culture.
Aitd it‘s trying to be a church-
sttpported institution iii the
medieval attd classical tradi-
tion, with the speciﬁc religious
purpose of ittcttlcatittg certain
ideas iitto its youth. There will
be constant conflict between
the two.“ And when the two clash. which
gives way? A university pamphlet issued
over President Holland‘s name provides a
clue. It lists four major educational goals:
general education is listed second. instruc-
tion in major ﬁelds third, research fourth.
Teaching students "the truths ofthe Gospel
ofJesus Christ" is listed ﬁrst.

he demarcation between BYU's aca-

demic and religious goals is rarely

that stark. Nevertheless, it‘s a fact:
religion comes ﬁrst at BYU. and members
ofthc university comntunity are expected to
ltew to the strict outlines of Mormon life.
The most obvious signs ofthis are outward.
Everyone on campus must abide by a dress
standard. Males may ttot ltave beards or
ntustaches that droop below their lips. Fe-
males are encouraged to wear skirts “of
modest length." No one may wear shorts or
gym clothes as casual wear. Students and
faculty alike are required to sign a code of
honor that demands abstention from alco-
hol, tobacco. tea, coffee attd premarital sex.
"For us," says President Holland. “this is a
matter of sexual morality. climate and
standards. It‘s part of ottr Christian com-
mitment and theology."

The school‘s standards may not scent to
leave much room fora good time, yet BYU
students certainly don't lack for whole-
some entertainments. "Creatch dating,“
as it is known on campus. is a popular
pastime—dressing up itt tuxedos ttttd evc-
ttittg gowns for dinner at McDonald‘s. say,
or having a barbecue party at the Pioneer
Twin ot‘ the Timp drive-ins. Sports are
followed passionately. The 22.700-seat
Marriott Center is regularly packed for

PHOTOS av MARK A PHILERICK

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH I‘liiS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

basketball games, and the 65,000-seat sta-
dium was sold out for every game last fall
as the Cougars, led by Robbie Bosco, one
more in a seemingly unending line of ﬁne
quarterbacks. swept to a perfect season.
The school's lavish recreational facilities
include racquetball courts. swimming
pools. a ZO-Iane bowling alley and three
ballroonts for weekly dances. National
Public Radio and the Pttblic Broadcasting
System both have studios on the campus.

any students have families to
M spend time with; marriage and
child rearing are considered sa-
cred duties by the church, and more than a
quarter ofthe student body is married. Cou-
ples strolling with small children are famil-

‘ iarcampus sights. Attd behind closed doors.

suggests one junior, the code isn‘t set in
stone: “I think the rules are more often
broken than not. There‘s a lot ofsex that‘s
not talked about, as well as drugs and drink-
ing." Says Peggy Fletcher, editor of the

‘ alternative Mormon magazine Sunstone.

“There's a laxity about enforcing certain
things because they don‘t want widespread

I expulsions. It's not good for the school‘s
reputation.“ About 40 students were kicked
: out for honor-code violations last year.

Officials may or may not wink at minor

: violationsofthe code within the university's

walls. But they are clearly and publicly

. assiduous itt keeping certain outside inﬁn-
. ences at bay. President Holland has made it

clear that “things that in any way strike at
the heart ofthe church" are not welcome on

t the BYU campus. Culture Club records
. have been barred from the school bookstore
3 because “we had students who wanted to
‘ dress up like Boy George. At that point we

had to take a position.“ Politicians George

‘ McGovern and Shirley Chisholm were de-

nied permission to speak; anti-ERA leader

1 Phyllis Schlafly cleared a screening com-

ntittee with no problems. According to uni-

. versity spokesman Paul Richards, neither
‘ “R-rated movies nor rock groups which use
~ obscene gestures, advocate Satanism or
. have inappropriate lyrics" are allowed on

campus. Earth. Wind and Fire was deemed

. tutﬁt to perform on campus by the Concerts
. Committee; John Denver and The Captain
i & Tenille were granted permission. “Every

university has to make choices," says Hol-
land, "choices stemming from the pttrpose
and mission ofthe universtty. We cannot be

i all things to all people. I think any universi-
. ty ltas to be responsive to its board oftrns~

tecs"—in this case, 10 high ofﬁcials of the
Mormon Church.

Outside the shadowy world of the BYU
underground. a group of devout Mormon
students attd faculty who quietly press for
change front within. few members of the
BYU eontmuttity question the school‘s
tight control. Says 1984 graduate Kelly
Smith. “I would love to hear outside opin-
ions. but I can see why the school docsit‘t

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/MARCH I‘lllS

 

Family affair: A new graduate with wife and children

allow it. By allowing someone tospeak. they
feel that they are promoting that person‘s
view or agreeing with it." Zoology Prof.
DuaneJeﬁ‘ery admits that “thereare not the
wide ranges of diversity here you ﬁnd at
other schools. and that reduces the level of
intellectual exchange.“ Says President Hol-
land: "We draw the line at advocacy. No-
body would be free on this campus to march
up and down the quad with a placard advo-
cating abortion. That simply would not be
part ofthe statement BYU wants to make.
internally or externally.“

On the BYU campus. though, and in the
larger world ofthe Mormon Church, there

are the ﬁrst faint signs of
change. The priesthood was
opened to blacks in 1979. al-
though it is still closed to wom-
en. (In the 1983-84 school year,
there were 36 black studettts on
campus, 12 of whom were ath-
letes.) BYU is not the place to
study religions. other than
Mormonism. or the social sci-
ences. and a philosophy major
was added only in 1972. But
there is slightly more leeway itt
class to discuss touchy topics
such as evolution—and a per-
ception that honest disagree-
mettt with church doctrine is
slightly less likely to be viewed
as heresy. “One of my friends
was complaining to me about
10 years ago that the student
body was changing." Professor
Jeﬁ‘ery says. “Whereas they
used to be so full of faith attd
belief, now they were giving
him a pretty hard time iii the
classroom. I have to say I was
pleased by his misery.“

It‘s unlikely. however, that
BYU will ever boast the full and free ex-
change of ideas that is fundamental to a
large secular university—at least as long as
the Mormon Church runs the show, and
continues to prize piety over inquiry. Mor-
ntonism is a young religion. Jeffery points
out. attd its followers have known persecu-
tion for their beliefs. “There is certainly still
a feeling ofus versus them." he says. "There
is still thesiege mentality."As longasthat‘s
so. the school will remain for its Mormon
constituency what it is: a bastion offaith in
an often faithless world.

lilLL BAROL with CYNTHIA I. PIGOTT
itt Provo, Utah

 

l’l " slur/enli-

'H)

 

 

