Fatherhood
and Films

his is the best of times and the

worst of times for (Ihevy (Ihase.

one of the few comedy perl'orni-
ers who is also a major ﬁlm star "b-
best of times because at the age o
\\I'llt‘l’-t't)lilL‘(lliill. wlto always wan
children. basjttst become a lather for the
second time in two y
times because (Iliase can only spend a
l‘l'“ weeks with his ttew daughter. his
2-year-old. (Iyd. and ltis wil'e Jayni in

tlteir llollvwootl hotne. lie isjetting oil

to star itt ltis tltird liltn ill 18 tnontlts. the
setond one with eslcndetl shooting iii
l-anope.

"l'hrce iti .l row is rerv tough." lte
says. settled into a plttsh ((Hl('ll at his
publicist's ol'licc. "I'd really rather ltave a
year oll'with the hah 

(ihase has had varied luck lll his lilnt
tateer. l'he original Safari/Hy .\'ig/tl Lit’l‘
l'\' show. for wltich he was hiretl as a
writer antl gradttally allowed to perl‘orm
his own material. made hiin a star. lle
tlten \\t'lll straight into the hit comedy—
thriller Foul Play with (itiltllt' llawn. To
the write! aittl pltv ical comedian. la-
mous lor ltis elaborate pratl'alls. llolly-
wood .tdded lllt' patina (ii a romantic
leading niatt. lltu (Ihase's subsequettt
pitijects were wildly inconsistent. as he
engagingly admits.

“ l'hc liltns I've done that didn't work
l'ailed hetanse they really weren't very
good. / didn't like ('inlt't' I/ti' It’it/iilititi‘ oi
()lt. Ilt'tu'ciily I)tig.’. so i don't see why
anyone else should." Ilt'u/ 0/ [/H‘ (.‘riilury.
.tn attihitious blank toinetly about the
aims rate. which (Iliase destriht‘tl as his
"ltrst real titling role" and for which lie
had ltigh hopes. also liI.I.led at the box
ol'lite. ()n the otlter hand. National [.ttm-
pimu's Him/mu turned out well enonglt to
makeSltl-l tnillioti.

Ii Illlt.\|t)\'ll' .\l.\(i.\ll.\'i

irs — tlte worst ol~

the popular series of

els by Gregory Mcdonaltl.

to open this June. it's a return

,(Ibevy (Iliase oi' the funny wigs.
disgui. es and raucous physical comedy.
in a fantasy sequence he plays basketball
witlt Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and wrestles
iii the dirt with Dodgers manager.
Tommy Lasorda. “it's a comedy which
requir s acting to a degree. btit ttot a lot
olerium acting.“ (Iliase says witlt a grin,
“it‘s about a Wmidward-and-liernstein

by Mike Bygrave

type of undercover reporter who investi-
gates a drug scheme on the beach and
then he gets caught up in a different
crime."

'I'hough l‘ew journalists are likely to
recognize them.‘ in in a cltaracter who
goes arotind “calling mysell'. at 'ious
times. Harry S. 'li'ttiitan. Don (Zorleone.
lgor Stravinsky and Ted Ntigent and ge
ting the people I'm dealing with to be-
lieve me." Chase 's pleased with Fletch. ‘\s
a writer. Chase has his own them es
about the relationship of thrillers to

Chevy, as Fletch, lays a line ofquestioning on some down-home swingers.

BONNlE SWIFFMAN

(Above) Cyd, now two years old, bounces
with Papa Chevy. Her sister, the newest
Chase, is named Calet’.

(Above right) This “odd vibrations"
beach buy is one ofClievy’s iitaiiy disguises
for Fletch.

comedy. "I think all those books are
comedi s in a sense — the James Bonds,
the 'li" s l\lc('.ees, the l’letches —- they're
all about the clever manner iti which a
larger-than-lil'e character gets through
situations others of tts never could. And
the cl' acters have to use devices atttl
scams to get by. What those books
usttally aren‘t. however. is very visttal. So
they have to be adapted to work on th

screen." ‘

lu l'acl. this is (Z a. -'s second i
with ("Ir/ch. \“ars ago. his manage
ommentled the books to hi
wasn’t interested in them the
time around. the producer. Alan
man. was an old l'riend antl tht
writer Andrew Bergman. a co-writer ol'
li/itzt'ug S'mltllrx. (Zhase agreed to go
abeatl. ming with director Michael
Ritchie. a critical favorite for his early
ﬁlms like The Candida/c anti Sitti/t'. Chase
brielly had his doubts. “Michael lilms
evet angle he can, then with every lens
on every angle. which can wear an actor
out. But when i saw the linished ﬁlm it
was remarkable how Michael had evened
out my performance. i realized that he'd
shot just what he needed to make me
look good."

The sot) til‘ it ptthlislier in the New
York ’l‘imes hook division. (Zhase grew
up in a cultured. sophisticated household
and started his perl'orming career as a
musician. playing drttms and piano. (lol-
lege contacts eased hint into cabaret. iii a
show that later became the (irtimrt' Tillie.
lle next toured with National Lampoon's
stage show. Lemmings. [or a year and a
hall'. where he met John Belushi. Then
came .S'ttlurt/uy .Vi'g/i/ Lit/1' and show busi-
ness history. Never known l'or l'alse
modesty (there \\ much ol' the real
(Iliase in his sttpercilious SN]. anchot-

man who introduced himsell‘"l'm (Ihevy
(Ihase . . , and you're not"). (Ihase is now
at e.'. with his lame. less prone to ob-
nosious behavior. He credits ltis thirtl
wil'ehlayni. autl l'atherhoud l'or changing
him.

“I retneinber very well HUI being a
lather. atid l don't know what I ditl with
my time — a lot of things which it e a
waste. Not the comedy. that was work.
but when i wasn't working. 1 was never a
very social person. l‘ve always been a

r i body, partly becattse I play music at
hoine. 1 don't know what I (lid. l'd‘just
sort of hang out and party or something
—- antl you don't do that when you're
tnarried antl have children. i really
wasn‘t focused in my life for a long time.
it wasn‘t a question of ‘my life is my art.‘
or my comedy. because I'd alreatly tnatle
it. 'l'liat's line. you know. '1 made it —
great!‘ httt then you think. 'What tnore
do l want?" What i always wanted was
something that felt very natural to me.“

Now that he's got it. (Iha‘e's l in
problem is linding little to enjoy it. From
Fletch he went straight to Europe to film
National Lulu/motti Ifiii'ti/it'itti litrttfiuit. Now
he's packing for Europe again. costarring
with Dan .-\ykroyd for director John
Landis in Slim Like l’i. "Danny‘s awl'ully
good antl l've never seen Danny yet per-
l'orm to his abilities in atty ol' his liltiis. It
seems he's taken to pl‘ "ng the straing
tttatt. he's deliberately relegated himsell'
to that, But he can do more. he can slatul
on top of something. Here i think l'll
probably bring ottt the best lll ltim — I
know I can — attd i think he'll do the
same hit me."

S/iim Lille ("t was written by Aykroyd.
which brings tip the question ol' (Ihase‘s

own writing. Alter a long Iayol'l he got
back to his desk last year (“'ly/u'ti‘i'i'irizx ltatl
changed since i stoppetl. that's how long
it was") bill he says l'lollywood's demand
hit his performing abilities restricts his
output. "'l'be hard thing l'or tile is the
making of these pictttr ‘ the actual lilm-
ing. :\s a result l'm litnittng my writing to
fixing s ripts. rewriting as we film. of
which I do a fair amount." Still. during
lonely nights in Europe. he l'otmtl him-
sell"'reading a lot of novels and thinking

A masterfulphysical comedian, Chevy
loves cutting up.

about writing a novel. l talked to _layni
about it when she came over to visit and
she said I should go ahead. perhaps
under a different name."

'ing a novel. playing music in the
brand-new Iii-track recording studio he
has built onto his house or simply heiitg
with his lamin will all have to wait for
lllt' tnoniettt. as will any discussion ol‘
sequels to It'lrlrlt. (Iould Fletch become
his Indiana‘lones? "I don‘t know. 'l'hey'd
have to make it worth my while atttl I
don't even know il~ theory is it anymore!"
He pauses loi' thought. "Perhaps if they
could shoot the next title in my back-
yard. , ..

H | l". MOVIE ill/\t i/\l.li\'l".

 

