 

. .~.-_, ., :ﬁ'tA‘I‘ . -, ‘I my. .14 .,  V: . g _  a; ,FRIDA Y, OCTOBER l8,__l985. D ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS

 grimy“ swam PRESS 1:1 aarnA-y, ocroaak 13,1985 - . I .._ V . , 

NEWS BRIFs

Th©W©rﬂCoﬂ a"
Roof collapse kills 71

Dhaka, Bangladesh
(AP) Hundreds of volunteers donated
blood at hospitals and clinics Thursday for
students who were injured when the roof
of an auditorium collapsed in heavy rain
and killed at [least 7.1 people.

At least 300 were injured by tons of con-
crete and metal that crashed into a Dhaka
University assembly hall Tuesday night
while’ students were watching a television’
soap opera.

The rains were generated by a storm that
swept onto the coast from the Bay of
Bengal, ﬂooding low-lying areas and lea'v-
ing tens of thousands homeless.

The Government declared three days of
national mourning for the dead students
and ordered an investigaiton. The 55-year-
old auditorium was undergoing its third
renovation, university officials said, in-
cluding roof repair.‘

Bhutto asks to leave

Karachi, Pakistan
(AP) The opposition leader Benazir Bhut-
to asked to freed from house detention to-
day to in order to travel to France and at-
tend an inquest into the death of her
younger brother, ofﬁcials said.

FUERZA FOR MEXICO -— SUNYA'e His
Mexican earthquake relief effort, said i

 

request after receiving a summons from a
French court.

Miss Bhutto was placed under housem-
rest. at her Karachi residence in late august,
shortly after returning frbm self-imposed
exile in Britain. She came back to Pakistan
to‘ bury her brother, Shahnawaz Bhutto,
who was found dead in his Cannes apart-
:ment in July.

Miss Bhutto is the daughter and political
heir of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto', who was
o'usted as Prime Minister by a military
coup in 1977 and executed in 1979. She is a
top leader of opposition to the military
Government of President-Muhammed Zia
ul-Haq, who toppled her father.

Soviet claim doubted

Washington
(AP) A federal judge says he doesn’t
believe claims by the Soviet Union that
Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg,
credited with saving thousands of Jews
from Nazi extermination during World
War 11, died. in a soviet prison camp of
natural causes in 1947.
Entering a default judgement against the
Soviets in a lawsuit brought by a

 

ii

Wallenberg heir and a guardian, U.S.

; filo

Police ofﬁcials said Miss Bhutto sent the

‘District judge Harrington H. Parker said
Wednesday the Soviet Union “has always
had knowledge and information about
Wallenberg; that it has failed to' disclose
and has concealed that information; and
that otherwise, (Soviets’) representations
are suspect and should be given little, if
any, credit.”

Porn access restricted

Washington
(AP) Users of telephone dial-a-porn soon
will need to arrange for special access
codes or' payment by credit card because of
a federal effort to make it tougher for
children to hear sexual messages.
The new rules, adopted Wednesday by
the Federal Communications Commission,
‘ i become effective 30 days from the date the

1 ' 'FCC order is published in the Federal
__ Register.

Dial-a-porn services offer sounds of ac-
tual or simulated sexual behavior to
anyone who calls special telephone
numbers.

Earrings banned

‘ Ramstein, West Germany

(AP) The United States Airforce's Euro-
pean headquarters has forbidden men to
wear earrings on base even when they are
off duty, a military spokesman said
Thursday. ~
“The wearing of earrings is not consis-
tent with a military image,” a spokesman,

 

‘l
s
r

‘i

_..r:l.

"T 1mm  _ .
Your“ heIP _ ‘

ll“

Lieut. Col. Williamllolm r
nouncing’thexnew policy.- tablished by'
Gen; Charlest.'Donnéll in, the'Air
Force commanderinlﬁurdpe.  I » ' r'
0th a very small, percentage of Al
Force men wear comm-coroner Johnson
added. “It’s not‘redllyva'big problem". he
sai d r-- g t . _' ,  ' 1
Europe forbade men to weari‘earrlngs
while in uniform. The new policy,.which
went into effect Oct. 3,‘»includesmeh on

base in civilian clothes. ” V
The Stenir'  ‘
sum prof wins Nobel

Buffalo '

(AP) A scientist who-‘ shared the 1985
Nobel Prize, for chemistry. said it took
nearly a decade .for his mathematical
system project to be acceptedlbecause it
was an idea before its time. ' '
“There was a lot of resistance to it,
mostly because .it wasn’t understood,"
Herbert A. Hauptman {said Wédnesday.
“It was highly 'mathematic‘a‘llf'and
crystalographers didn’t have the training
to undertand it. It was not generally ac-
cepted until the middle ~1960’s_or so when
more and more people began to use it."
Clifton R. Wharton, Jr., chancellor of
the State University of New, York, ap-
plauded Hauptman’s award. He,.'has:“at‘-
tained what is considered the ultimate in
his ﬁeld and the State University'of New
York extends its warm and sincere.con-
gratulations," Wharton said. '
Cuomo gets-criticism
' ' ., V ‘ Albany
(AP) A Republican state-senator. with
thoughts of running for governor next year
says Democratic Gov.uMario, Cuomo,.has
“largely been out to lunch”; when itSco'mes
to improving the state's econnomic
climate. . g 1‘ . ~
In one of his sharpest attacks on cuomo
to date, Manhattan state Sen. Roy Good-
man said the governor hadn’t done enough
when it came to “creating conditions on
which we can build jobs long-range and
stimulate business." - '

——-Correctlons

 

 

 

anic student group Fuerza Latina has rule
9 group's treasurer, Rose Ramos.

LYNN DREIFUB UPS

ed close 10'5200 this week to donate to the

In the October 11. 1985 issue of the
Albany Student Press a quate regarding
courses taught by graduate students was
printed out of context. There are 35 such
courses in the English Department alone.

' 121

In the October 1, 1985 issue it was incor-
rectly stated that only college students are
used in studies to determine the effect of

I sexually explicit films.

Ci .
1n the October 4, 1985 issue it was

reported the University’s mainframe com-
puter was 20 years old. In fact, the Sperry
1100/83 system is seven years old. and it
will be replaced with a brandnewSperry
1100/91. -

1:1

 

 

He said a‘longsla'iidirig Air Force‘rule in I ‘

By Billvdacob

EDITORIAL > . ‘ , '
Althclugh the Implementation, of 21

Committee approved a recommendation

to the administration Thursday concerning

the future of campus alcohol policy..'the

outcome" of this ,ﬁnal meeting of the com-

mittee will not be ofﬁcially made public,
‘until the administration has- reviev'Ved the

recommendation. r
Vice President for Student Affair
Frank Pogue was expected to have receiv-
ed the recommendation by Friday mom-
ing. although it is still uncertain'how long
it will be before the decision of the com-
mittee is officially made public. A, ,
-.Jirn Doellefeld; Director‘ of Campus
Life, said the committee would not discuss

Members of the implementation of '21' Committee
The group has approved a ﬁnal recommendation

\

the speciﬁcs of the actual proposals until
the recommendation isin the hands of
Pogue,'who will then. be responsible for

releasing it to the press. Doellefeld chairs

the ‘21' Committee.
The committee discussed the issues con-
ceming' the 21-year-old purchase age for

alcohol at a two hour and‘ 45 minute

meeting Tuesday morning and drafted a
preliminary recommendation at that time,
Doellefeld said.

The preliminary drgft was reviewed and
changed slightly before the committee ap-
proved the'final recommendation at the
meeting on Thursday, Doellefeld‘said.

According to Doellefeld, some of the
issues that were discussed included the role

.of the Resident Assistants (Mix) in enforc-

‘1‘

is.

HOWARD "OAR UPS

ing3 the alcohol policy, the effect of the law
on the University's judicial. system. the
University’s policy concerning possession
of alcohol in private and public areas. a

'aneans of educating the University com-

:munity about alcohol, and a policyon
bulk containers, like beerballs andkegs.

“Last Tuesday's meeting was the
meeting in which .  some of the thins
that were said at the open meeting on In-
dian Quad culminated in a discussion that
will lead to some speciﬁc recommenda-
tions to the vice president," Doellefeld
said. -

Tuesday’s meeting was scheduled in
order to give Poguethe opportunity to
review the committee’s recommendations
in depth before his ﬁnal recoinmendation
on November 7 to the University Council,
which. will ultimately implement the
University's policy, Doellefeld said.

A motion to grant the public. and press
access to Tuesday's meeting was defeated
by teh committee with a vote of 3—4-2 ac-
cording to Doellefeld.

The vote to deny the press access to the
meeting came before the arrival of Student
Committee member Marty Gloubin, who
arrived . late. A controversy developed
when Phil Botwinick, another student
committee member. requested a revote
under Robert's Rules of Order. The revote
was eventually denied, following an angry
outburst by Doellefeld concerning Bot-
winick's request.

In an interview the following day,-

Doellefeld explained that “most of the
people have been participating in these ses-
sions from the beginning and we have

““““'"never conducted our discussions in such a

 j  firstpeekat hidden — ‘21 ’. proposal

way that we were relying on Robert’s Rules
of Order as a manner of governing or con-
ducting a meeting.” He added, however,
that the situation in question called for a
referral to Robert’s Rules. A

Although SA President. Steve Gawley
was unsure of the recommendations made
by the committee, he said that the Im-
plementation of 21. Committee was very
similar to the Impact of 21 Committee last
spring, which he said gave a “reasonable
report."

Gawley suggested that there may be
limits on the number of kegs allowed in
suites, but he said that he does not expect a
“dry campus." ‘

. Although the student representatives on
the committee are obligated not to discuss
committee proceedings, Gawley said they
are responsible to report to him. He ex-
pects to be fully aware of the committee's
recommendation on Friday.

The committee may suggest implemen-
ting a policywhich goes further than state
law requires, Gawley said. When asked
why, he replied, “There are forces in this
University that would gp beyond state law
to prove a point . . . However, an unen-
forceable policy will only lead to bigger
problems.”

All student representatives 'on the com-
mittee supported the opening of the
meetings, Gawley said.

But, according to Gawley, allowing
meetings to be open puts more pressure on
committee members. “it makes the
meetings political anf hinders frank and
open discussion,” he said. 1:]

VapOr light-s "may eaSe Campus brightness issue

By David Spaldlng

.-~ Student Association officials are leading a push to bet,-
ter light the SUNYA-campus, but the administrator in
charge doubts there's'a need for extra efforts. _ .
" According to Assistant Vice President and Physical
Plant Director Dennis. Stevens, the instalation of high
pressure sodium vapor lights will improve campus visibili-
ty and the best group to work for new lighting is the Presi-
dent’s Task Force on Women’s Safety, not SA.

SA Media! Director .Doug Tuttle has organized
Plighting walks’{ on several uptown quads to focus on the
“problem",of the dimly lit .campus.

Tuttle said he has met with Stevens to discuss the issue.
Said Tuttle,~-“He (Stevens) thinks the campus is well lit
and we (SA) don't.” He added, "l‘think the adminstra-
t1'on,:the Physical Plant, and Dennis SteVens have made
efforts, but not enough has been done. Regardless of the
improvements’made it is a poorly lit campus and a poorly
lit campus is a dangerous One." '  ‘

Steven's said he believes the SUNYA campus islone of

' the best lighted schools in New York State, and added,

“The campus is a safe‘ place (but) as student ’s habits and
awareness change'there is .a real need to update and im-
prove lightlngJ' He said his department has been “ex-
tremely responsive to the issue" and has done an “ex-
cellent job."

According to Tuttle additional new lighting. and better.

9 ,r ,-

regulation and quicker repairs of existing lights should'be
{undertaken by the Plant. “Maybe Rennis Stevens can.
juggle his priorities a little bit and ﬁnd more money to

help solve the lighting problem," he said. v '

Stevens said he feels the Plant has “gone an extra step
(and) done as much as humanly practical" to insure a well
lighted campus. He added that with finite resources
available, a rational priority order‘ must be stated. He

 cited the re-lighting of Alumni Quad and Draper Hall as

high priority areas. .

Tuttle said he is depending on student participation and
input to press for improvements. According to him, of all
the participants in the lighting walks “not one student
believes the carnpusis' well lit.” He added that this years
planned light survey will be different from past years
because of student input. - V '

On October 28 the President’s Task Force on women’s
Safety will conduct it’s annual “light survey.” of the en-
tire campus and make recomendations for changes and,
improvements to'Steven’s ofﬁce. ,

According to Tuttle, there are many areas on campus.
that are so poorly. lighted that -they are potentially,
dangerous. He said the soccer fields behind Indian Quad
will be given high priority because many students use that
route to bars andrestaurants on Western Avenue. He
claims it is so dark that it has to be considered ‘.‘one of the
most danerous areas on camus." -

‘ According to Stevens that area has neverrbeen a priori-
ty of -.the Women’s Safety Task Force, which usually
makes lighting recommendations. “To try to take on new
areas, specifically the soccer ﬁelds hasn't been one to the
priorities'of the Task Force in the past," said Stevens.

Lisa Donahue, the chair- of the President's Task Force
on Women’s Safety advised that students should avoid

" ‘ mason ups
SUNYA lnflrmary path at night
Safety of campus dlsputed

 

' By Kathy O'Sulllvan

Career Day '85, held Wednesday in the adding that “as a political science major. 1
Campus Center ‘ Ballroom.

_ Stu‘dentsrnote Career Day seemed
 geared to Business Sch‘o‘ol‘grads

lra.Schoeps, a junior, agiecii with Wile,

featured 'haven't‘come up with anything so far."

 

PREVIEW OF EVEN TS

free listing

Chavurah Services will be held
on Friday, Oct. 161n CC 361 at
6 pm.

Professor Walter Dean Bur-
nham of Political Science at
MIT will speak on Monday,
Oct. 21 at 3 pm. in Milne 215.
Study Abroad in Wurzburg in-
terest meeting will be held Fri-
day; Oct. 18 at 2 pm. in HU
354.

Shabbat Dinner will be held

 

Friday, Oct. 18 at 7 pm. in the
Shabbbs House.

Bob Marley’s Wailers will play
in the CC Ballroom on Friday.
Oct. 18 at 8 pm.

A celebration in honor of the
20th Anniversary of the
Schenectady County Human
Rights Commission will be
held Thursday. Oct. 24 at 6:30
pm. at Schenectady County
Community College.
American Marketing Associa-
tion: meeting will be held
Thursday. Oct. 22 at 8 pm. In
EA 229.

Study Abroad in Israel interest
meeting will be held Monday,
Oct. 21 at 4 p._m. in HU’354.
People and Food will hold a
meeting on Tuesday, Oct. 22
in CC 358 at 7:30 pm.
Professor Walt Dean Burnham
will hold a public lecture en-
titled “Reallgnment or Conti-
nuing Decay, American
Politics In the 1980's," on
Monday, Oct. 21 in LG 18 at
10:10 am.

Traditional Shabbat Services
will be held Friday, Oct. 18 at
Shabboa House at 6 pm.

State Government internships
for Spring 1986 in the
Legislature, Government
agencies and Lobby Groups
are now available. For more In-
to call 455-2505.

End of the World will be play-
lng‘Oct. 16-26 in the PAC Lab
Theatre.

Party on the Podium will be
held Saturday. Oct. 19 bew-
teen 1-5 pm.

Susan Russell will speak on
“Pornography: Current Con-
troversies" on Wednesday,

Oct._23 at 12:15 pm. In HU 354. a

Music for Winds and Piano
will be held Saturday. Oct. 19
at 8 p.m.- In Page Hall. f
Health Profession Applicants:
a representative from Colum-
bia University School of Dan-
tistry and Oral Surgery will be
on campus Monday, 'Oct. 21.
See Roz burrch in: CUE for
sign-ups. ,
The Riding club will hold~a
mandatorymeetlng on Thurs-
day, Oct. 24 at 7:00 pm. in SS
268. All members and anyone
interested in lolningmleaee
t e n d .

’-'—

 

Students inquire at a finn'e display

 

, representatives from over' 30 different

firms, however. according to some

 students who attended. most of the firms

were geared solely toward business majors.
. The event was sponsored by SUNYA's
professional business fraternity. Delta

‘V Sigma Pi. ~

Ed Wile, a first year student,'said that
since he is majoring in journalism or

f political science he was disappointed “that
there were no representatives from law or

journalism." According to Wile. Career
Day “would be more beneﬁcial for so-
meone with a deﬁnite idea of what they're
going into since many companies in there

a .
[the Ballroom] are geared‘toward business

majors."

.lane Carlos, a member of Delta Sigma
Pi andxco-chair of the event, did not agree
with this view of the event. “Delta Sigma
Pi carefully organized Career Day so: it
would represent more diverse fields, and
so more of the student body, this year,"
she said. I

According to Carlos. Career Day‘s pur-
pose was “to better inform students by
having them speak to those in the field."
More than 1,000 students, with majors
ranging from accounting to the liberal
arts. attended, she said.

,“We are very happy with the student
turnout," said co-chair Jeff Wagner,
“because we were worried about the

11>

 

 

Delta Sigma PI tried to “represent more diverse fields"

 

m 1.. .~.- ‘ . .nvl‘wuu: n. u

 

