SPORTS

Out of Bounds

Outraged by sports corruption, college presidents ﬁnally try to take charge.

Mars/tall Criser became president of the
University of Florida last September and
found himself standing on a land mine. The
an i versity 's football program was accused of
10 7 National Collegiate Athletic Association
violations—ranging front unethical recruit-
itig activities and improper payments forath-
letes to spyitig on opponents 'practiccs. Criser
promptly forced the resignation of Charley
Pell, the hugely popular football coach, who
was nostranger to NCAA violations. Pell had
built a Clemson team that later won the 198]
national championship. then decaniped for
Florida. leaving Clemson on NCAA proba-
tion. Despite Criser’s action. the NCAA
slapped Florida on probation for two years,
and the Southeastern Conference presidents

stripped the Gators of the I 984 SEC football ;

title they won after Pell's departure. A lot of
Florida fans felt aggrieved, ﬁguring every-

body clients a little. and their team was sini- ,

ply unlucky enough to get caught. A nd some
Gator boosters gave erstwhile coach Pell a
$24,000 Lincoln Town Car as a thank-you
for all he had dotte for Florida football.

The rumors began on the 'l‘ulatte cam-
pus in New Orleans last February: the ﬁx
was itt for a basketball game against Meni-

it

phis State. That may not have been the ﬁrst
time. An investigation begun by a concerned
alumnus—and completed by a grand jury—-
turned up allegations of a cocaine-and-
ganibliiig operation. Seven students were
ultimately arrested and ltit with charges in-
cluding bribery. conspiracy and drug deal-
itig. As part of a plea-bargain agreement,

hcrc arc lust an

await lot at coaches
out there who don't have
character and intaritv.’

—I-‘reil llargotlatt

l'ire president. The C allege Ilaartl

three oft/tent admitted that they persuaded
some players to shave points. Coach Ned

V I‘ltlt‘lc’l‘. who was not implicated with the

ing ea in any way. did, however.

atlntit giving a “signing bonus "ofli 10. 000 in

a shoe box anti 8 I OO-a- week payments to star

i center John (Hot Rod) Williams. Fowler

. lined, lint outraged president Eamon

Kelly, citing the commercialization ofcallege
athletics as the root of such evil. killed the
Tu lane basketball program outright.

Not malty college presidents have felt
sports headaches as severe as Criscr's and
Kelly's. But an awful lot of them share the
same concern—the degree to which gross-
ly unsportsmanlike conduct has tainted
higher education. This summer they dem-
onstrated the magnitude of their worry by
turning out in unprecedented numbers for
a special convention called by the NCAA‘S
new Presidents Commission. “I do not
believe that I can overstate the level of
concern that presidents and Chancellors
feel regarding the ‘integrity crisis’ in col-
lege athletics," said Indiana University‘s
John Ryan, head of the Presidents com-
mission. Of the more than 400 institutions
casting ballots at the New Orleans gather-
ing, nearly half were represented by then
presidents or Chancellors, most of them
dealing directly with NCAA business for
the ﬁrst time. “The athletic directors musx
be pissed off," cracked lru Michael Hey-
mun, chancellor of the University of Cah-
fornia, Berkeley. "All of a sudden these
amateurs come in and tell them how to do

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER l‘lllS

things." That was precisely the point. Al-
though they may be amateurs when it
comes to sports administration, the presi-
dents wcrc determined to rcasscrt their
power over a system that many believe has
spun out of control.

The evidence is abundant enough to con-
vince most observers that something is very,
very wrong. Elastic academic standards
make the term “student-athlete" an oxy-
moron. No one doubts that there are people
sporting university colors on
the playing ﬁelds who simply
don't belong in college. At the
same time, there are marginal
cases in which players might
beneﬁt from the exposure to
acadcmc—ifthcy were not dis-
couraged from taking real
courses leading to graduation
with meaningful degrees.

The real world of college
athletics was illustrated vividly
last year when lavishly recruit-
cd North Carolina State fresh-
man Chris Washburn pleaded
guilty to stealing $800 worth of
stereo equipment. The 6-foot-
l 1 center received a suspended
six-year sentence and remained
in school. He was not allowed
to compete in basketball last
year after the episode but prc-
sumnbly will return this sea-
son. Washburu's triul record
revealed that he had come to
school with u 470 combined
SA core, 70 points above the
minimum and nearly 600 be-

INDIANA U. NEWS EUREAU

UNA/Em“! OfIMAMI

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER 1'le

Indiana's Ryan (top), Miami '5 Foote, Tulane’s Kelly: ll

low the average for his
classmates. “I don’t want
to fool anybody,“ NC
State assistant vice chan-
cellor Hardy Berry con-
ceded afterward. “Chris
Washburn was recruited
by this institution as an
athlete.“

The intense pressure to
win leads almost inevita-
bly to abuses. “I‘ve met
my fair share of coaches
who are good role mod-
els," says Fred Hargadon,
senior vice president of the
College Board and former
dean of admissions at
Stanford. “But there are
just an awful lot out there
who don’t have character
and who don‘t have integ-
rity." Since coaches typi-
cally have three~ to ﬁve-
year contracts, some feel
compelled to show quick
results, by any means nec—
essary. Penn State football
coach Joe Patcmo, one of
the leaders in the effort to
reform college athletics, outlines the prob-
lem coaches can face: “If you‘re losing be-
cause you're not cheating, you have to make
a decision: get ﬁred or cheat.“

It’s not always the coach who goes, ei-
ther. Earlier this year, a former condition-
ing coach and a former track coach at Clem-
son pleaded guilty to charges of illegal
possession and distribution of prescription
drugs. An anti-inﬂammatory drug may
have contributed to the death last fall of

«v

ILLUSTRATION EV JANE STEPHEN ‘

cross—country runner Au ustinius Jaspers.
A grandjury found no criminal responsibil-
ity in Jaspers‘s death, butajudge blamed the
coaches' actions on “a national obsession to
win." Clemson president Bill Atchley, in a
showdown with the school's athletic dew
partment, asked his board of trustees for a
vote of conﬁdence to reaﬁirm a commit-
ment to academics above athletics; hours
later, the board announced that Atchlcy
had resigned.

The sad truth is that unless a university
president is a demon fund raiser (and many
are), athletic teams may mean more to the
institution, in dollars and cents, than its
chief executive. At Notrc Dame, for exam-
plc, the $10 million generated by football
and basketball carries the university's entire
athletic program. In the 1985 NCAA bas-
ketball tournament, 64 teams split $18.6
million. Winning at single game meant
$300, for the school; reaching the Final
Four was good for $751,899.

The NCAA Presidents Commission, a
44—member group formed in I983 to en-
able chicf executives to become more in-
volved in athletics, proposed a stringent set
of rules changes. Among them: Division 1
schools (those with major sports pro-
grams) would have to make annual reports
to the NCAA on the academic progress
and graduation rates of athletes; athletes
themselves would be held accountable for
any violations in which they participate;
an annual independent audit would be
made of all athletic expenditures, includ-
ing those made by boosters not ofﬁcially
connected with an institution, and a
school‘s athletic budget would be subject
to its normal budgeting proocdurcs—in
other words. no separate books. The presi-

a

's about time to show theta who 3‘ boss

 

 

