 

  

10a Aspects on Tuesday

Playboy scores at Caital

the agents from your cot, a job as an-

I f you haven't got a farthing to keep

honest potboy will keep the peelers
away, and you’ll even make enough to eat
frish-frash as long as you don't mitch off.
Or, if you have the cuteness for leaguing
with the strong farmers, you'll do better
than Harvest Boy for a career and may be
able to afford your own poteen. You're not
louty if.you’re having trouble understan-
ding this, but you might do well to see The
Playboy of the Western World for some
brushing up on your turn of the century
lrish culture.

 

Keren Schlomy

The Capital Repertory Company open~
ed its fifth season with a play by John Mill-
ington Syrge. Syrge is also known for his
Riders to the Sea, but it was Playboy that
caused riots when it was first performed in
1907. In the light of the 1980's, Playboy
seems a bit tame for riot causing, yet it re-
mains a humorous, if slightly exaggerated,
portrait of a poor lrish village.

Playboy of the Western World is the
ironic title given to Christy Mahon
(Stephen Hamilton) who becomes an ins-
tant celebrity when he wanders into the
coastal village of Mayo and confesses to
murdering his father. Every man envies
and/or fears him, and every woman fawns

 

 

 

Jean McNally and Stephen Hamilton

 

 

play young irlsh lovers, Peg

over him. Predictably, he only has eyes for
Pegeen (Jean McNally), a saucy woman
who could "knock the head off any two
men in the place." Their romance pro—
gresses until his father (Dermott
McNamara) appears, somewhat bloody,
but very much alive.

Up until that point, Playboy seems like a
straightforward comedy, even if it borders
on black humor at times. Then the
character of Christy begins to blossom, and
the audience becomes witness to his emo-
tional growth. Critics have seen Christy as
a mock Oedipus, and 'even a Christ figure
who can only save himself (the world be
damned). I feel this is getting too far from
the heart of the story, which is, after all, a
comedy. What Christy does realize is that
language can shape his world. To phrase it
as a cliche ~—— "Words, not deeds, make a
man." '

The language of Playboy of the Western
World is not really as difficult to follow as
the first paragraph of this review. Here are
a few words to help you translate it:

Farthing — 1/4 of a penny

Agents — work for a landlord and ‘will
take your house if you can't pay the rent
Cot -— cottage

Peelers — policemen

Frish-frash — an lndian meal and cabbage
dish

  
 

een Mike and Christy

 

End of the Wor

n indescribany wealthy man ap-
Aproaches you and offers to pay you
anything you want to write a play
about doom. Not just any doom, mind
you, but nuclear proliferalcd doom. He of-
fers to keep the play running evcn‘if no
one attends. So where‘s the problem? You
don't want to write about doom. You don't
know much about doom. In fact, you don‘t
even like doom. Nothing that a little
research won't cure, except that the play is
doomed.

 

Keren Schlomy A

Arthur Kopit's End of the
World lives up to my worst fears about
what a play should ncvcr be: a political
vehicle whose sole purpose is to spread
propaganda, A play is a visual medium,
and as such, it should be particularly con-
cerned with showing, not telling. the au-
tilt'lK't' its message. Unfortunately, almost
the unlin- second act is taken up by
dialogues designed to convince the au-
dit-nu- that all nuclear weapons are bad.
The only thing that makes that tolerable is
the interjection of humor; the "sugar" to
make the “medicine go down.”

Jeffrey l’incus and Alan Fried, as Pete
and Jim, are entertaining. They appear on
stage as two men who play wargame
scenarios for the Pentagon, and have decid-
ed that the only way we will be saved from

 

 

doom is by extraterrestrial intervention.
They remind one of nothing so much as
Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee. William
Leavy Jr., as Stanley Bercnt, is dissapoin-
ting. He is supposed to be a Russian scholar
associated with Georgetown University.
Leavy's manner is somewhat disturbing,
and his accent comes out as a cross bet-
ween Chinese, Spanish, English, and, oh

   

 

From left to right: Adam LeFevre as

Mitch off — be truant, sneak away from
work

Cuteness ~— sharpness or ingenuity
Leaguing —- mixing with

Strong —— well to do, moneyed

Harvest Boy — one of many hired for the
harvest

Poteen — illicit whiskey

Louty — stupid

Very roughly translated it reads:

if you don't even have a quarter-penni to
keep the landlord’s agents from-evicting
you, a job as a dishwasher will keep the
cops away. You'll even make enough to
eat a decent meal, if you‘re a good worker.
if you‘re slick enough to make friends with
the rich farmers, you’ll get a better job than
migrant workers and may be able to afford
your own bootleg whiskey. You're not
slow if you had trouble understanding this.
but you might do well to see The Playboy
of the Western World.

Upcoming at Capital Rep

in its 1984-85 season, Capital Rep
presented some fine productions of
"serious" plays such as Master Harold . . .
and the Boys and Who’s Afraid of Virginia
Woolf? This year the selection seems to be
much lighter. as four of the six plays are
comedies. Three are world premiers,

 

which is very unusual for a regional

d faces d

yes, Russian. His best line is about our "first
strike" capability. They don't like to call it
that, though. it sounds too aggressive.
What do they call it? "Anticipatory
Retaliation."

Michael Weiss is Paul Crowan, "Agent
to the Stars." His main problem is that he
comes across as too naive and unworldly to

Shawn Keogh, Jean MbNally as Pageen Mike,
Stephen Hamilton as Christy Mahon In Playboy of the Western World. _ ' _

 

 

be holding such a high position.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  

»

      

s ‘4

an'

theatre. in an effort to athbct all ages of
people in the community, half-price tickets
are available for students and senior
citizens for certain show day's,
‘ The Palyboy of the Wﬁtethorld will.
run until November 10, with performances
almost every day. Theirnext play, What
the Butter Saw runs frér'n November 16 to
December 15. it is describéd as "a riotous
farce about the sometimes fuzzy connec-
tion between sanity and reality" and is set
in a psychiatric clinic. ,

Our main New York State..Wziter's In-
stitute is cospénsoring their third play: the
world premiereof Dreami Emmett by

. the award winning author . .oni Morrison.

Set in an abandoned cotton mill, it isabout

' the rememberances and dreams of a fOur-

tEen year old black boy.'During its run
from January 4 to February 2,-Capital Rep
-will be hosting a "career dayf’ for theater.
Workshops will be given on acting, direc-
ting, playwriting, designing, and technical
theatre. . .

Running from February~8 to March 9
will be Goodby Freddy which appears to
be the play version of The Big Chill. Their
fourth play, November, is another world
premiere. it presents a humorous look at
senior citizens, and will run from March 15
to April 13. Finally, the season will close
with a new, lmusical‘ adaptation of the
classic, Phantom of the Opera. ‘ 5

00m

Trent (Randy Rozely), the main
character, is a playwright complaining
about the doom story. "There is no way
anyone — ANYONE - can write a play
based on this." He rants, "Do you know
why? Because the characters are complete-
ly cardboard..." Unfortunately, Arthur
Kopit did write the play, and sure enough,
Trent and the other characters are'com-
pleter cardboard. The play's saving grace
is Maria Memole, who gave an animated
and realistic portrayal of Audrey West.
Trent’s agent. 

The play ls running in PAC’s Laboratory
Theater, a small semicircular room on the
second foor, and still has seats left for its
final performances, Oct. 23 through 26.
"Laboratory productions are not really
meant to be 'cheap’ productions," the
playbill proclaims. "but they will cost us
less than a full mounted production." With
chairs and desks that are standard SUNYA
issue, they may keep the cost down to $3
for students. ,

As a play, End of the World did not ap-
peal to me. As a propaganda piece. l
thought it was well put together. i was not
so much captured by the dialogue, scenery
and music, as l was by the ideas. The thirty
people in attendance last Thursday left the
play with quiet, somber attitudes. Many
voiced the opinion that the ending was
“very powerful." it was just believable
enough to scare them. I [3

October 22,, was '

 

 

 

 

"Ociobéi zz,‘ igsg"""""'

.~. g. . .w r.)— . furrows». . .«

D’4 . . ."-‘n‘q'~‘I‘e‘o‘o‘al.‘l‘$‘n\t‘o\-‘-'AQ'I‘A‘A‘AMM'a“‘1‘-‘-'A-ﬂA‘stp\.'|a\a\i‘nt4‘-\kt-'43

 

3‘ .t .1 Jnhi'q!""-\‘u‘-'-,‘ .‘ .’- .M‘V‘s'v .

Aspects  Tuesday 11a

 

 

 

 

a biased review. i believe that X is

God, and the the Del Fuegos should
never have left their day jobs. Last Thurs-
day night at J.B.'s Theatre, both bands pro-
ved me right.

Mike Eek

B eforel begin, let me say this -_— this is

 

 

 

The Del Fuegos were a
shamefully commercialized, over-long
Miller Beer commercial (and yes, I do
realize We just given that panther piss
more free publicity). Their roots-oriented
rock borrows from all the wrong sources,
and any spark they might have had has
been trundled out of them by an overeager
record company. Even their single great
song. "Backseat Nothing," was marred by
blind homage to rock’n'roll convention —
the drum solos. Weak jokes, and audience
participation gimmicks went nowhere fast.
i told you i didn't like them.

X was another story entirely. Their roots
burn through and kick like a mule on a caf-
feine overdose. Any doubts their more
provincial fans might have entertained.
stemming from the accessibility of their
latest album, Ain’t Love Grand, were effec.
tively thrown out the window as the live
versions of the newer material showed
themselves to be positive, logical extenv
sions of the basic X sound. From "Love
Shack“ straight through to "Johnny Hit and
Run Paulene," they had the audience shak-
ing and thinking: part of the magic of X is
the way they pit unusually insightful lyrics
against a mutated rockabilly beat.

The visual image of the band has
become a mix-tip of caricatures. John Doe’s
gaudy, pimpish appearance contrasted Ext
ene Cervenka’s "farm girl goes city" look.
Billy Zoom, the epitome of cool, never
showed a head of sweat as he strutted
around in full leathers, squeezing graceful
blasts of fire from his silver sparkle Gretsch
super jet. Drummer DJ. Bonebrake’s

 

Albany’s Palace Theatre on Thurs-

day evening, Oct. 31. This will be
Young’s first area appearance since he
played at SUNYA's Celebration '84.
University Concert Board is co-promoting
the Halloween event with local radio sta-
tion WGFM and began selling tickets
yesterday. UCB chairman Marc Seligson
says he expects the show to sell out by

P aul Young will be appearing at

tomorrow.

 

Corey Levitan

Paul Young has been basking .
in the .limelight.recently, after a well-
received Live Aid performance and a
number one US single, "Everytime You

 

 

Otis Redding.

Young’s penchant for soul led ,him to
form a blues band in 1979. Although the
Q-Tips never enjoyed chart success, the
eight-member group was a tremendously
popular live attraction. During their three-
year career, the Q-Tips performed over
seven hundred shows and earned the
dubious distinction of becoming Britain's
highest paid, top-drawing, non-chart act.

CBS record executive Muff Winwood
took notice of the Q-Tips, but saw more
commercial potential in Young than in the
band as a whole. in December of 1981,
Young was signed on as a solos artist. and
material was written and gathered for No
Parlez, his first CBS album. Within a year,
Young's soulful vocal stylings were

“. . . And this time around, Young is making sure
to get one day of rest for every three days of

I

touring. . . .'

 

Go." Young's soul-inspired pop is
transcendng traditional music markets, as
radio stations with formats ranging from
album-oriented rock to traditional R and B
formats have been playing his records. His
popularity in America, especially with
young girls, is escalating rapidly. But the
sailing has not always been smooth for this
29-year-old musician . . .

Young's professional career began in the
mid-seventies, when the singer fronted a
hard rock group called Streetband. The
group had a mildly successful single in
1978 called "Toast," but Young grew
frustrated with the limitations of that style
of music. He wanted to perform American
soul. Ever since his childhood in Bedford~
shire, England, Young admired recording
artists like Sam Cooke, Marvin Gaye and

 

familiar to most Britons. His Marvin Gaye
cover, "Wherever l Lay My Hat," was the
country's number one single in May of
1983 and No Parlez quickly became CBS'
top-grossing British domestic release to
date.

Still, Young had yet to break through in
America. “Wherever l Lay My Hat’iwas
only moderately successfuldespite promo
tional pressures applied by ,CBS on radid
stations . here. it was “Come Back and

Stay," No Parlez' overtly commercial se- '

cond single, that afforded Young his first
significant American exposure. Subse-
quently, CBS decided that Young could
stand to benefit from the additional
recognition that a tour could provide.
impetuously arranged an ex-
hausiive world tour. On its American leg,

 

You’s Royal. Family at Palace

25 cities were covered in six weeks, and
Young was a mess. He was taking his voice
to the limit every night and popping pills
to adhere to his tiring schedule. Eventually,
Young lost the top six notes in his vocal
range. By Autumn, he had to break all his
concert engagements to recuperate. The
recording sessions for the follow-up album
to No Parlez were postponed as well.

Fortunately, Young recovered in time to
sing on Band-Aid’s "Do They Know it’s
Christmas," after which he returned to the
studio to finish recording what eventually
became his latest album, The Secret of
Association. By this time, Young had won
the British Record Industry award for Male
Artist of the Year. This spring, The Secret
of Association entered the UK charts at
number one and the Daryl Hall-penned
“Everytime You Go” made its way to the
top of the American charts. Another
single, "l’m Gonna Tear Your Playhouse
Down," has recently been released and is
selling respectably.

Young has made some changes in his act
since he played Mayfest one and a half
years ago. His backing group, known as
the Royal Family, no longer includes
guitarist Steve Bolton or female vocal duo
Maz Roberts and Kim Leslie. Bolton has
been replaced .by Johnny Tumbull and
three male singers have taken over for the
females. A keyboard player has been add-
ed as well. And this time around, Young is
making sure to get one day's rest for every
three days of touring.

Tickets are on sale in Campus Center
343. The first three 510 with a valid
SUNYA tax card. Otherwise, tickets cost
$14. No one may purchase more than four
seats in the first 20 rows. Opening for
Young will be Simon F. D

 

 

playful masquerading made him seem like
a little kid who couldn't make up his mind
what to be for Halloween.

They concentrated heavily on newer
material but satisfied even the most ardent
worshipper (me) with a broad selection of
material from all five albums. You could
easily separate the die-bards from the
young pups; the former went into fits of
ecstasy at the first staccato chords of "Los
Angelcs” where as the latter gyraled madly
to the bump and grind of "We're Having
Much More Fun.” Billy Zoom’s command

 

of his instrument is perplexing. He can
stantly stole the spotlight away from John
and Exenc’s Jefferson Airplane-like har~
monies. He spit out blues inflected licks in
rapid succession, never even pausing to
look at the strings. A brief flash of a smile
added a comic edge to cap off the solos.
it’s difficult to imagine a band that’s
more exciting for a full length performance
than X. Despite minor problems clue to
sound (Exene‘s voice was a little lost early
on) and some rude fans, it was the best area
concert since Richard Thompson. Cl

 

 

Aspects is looking for
poetry, short fiction, and
any other form of creative
writing, so. . .

 

Submit materials with
name and phone number
to the Aspects mailbox in
CC 329, or call Loren, ion,
or Brenda at 442-5661 for
more information.

New writers are invited to
the next Aspects staff
meeting at 6:00 pm on
Tuesday, Oct. 29, in the
ASP office (CC 329).

Welcome to the many
aspects of Aspects.

 

 

 

 

