 

 
 

 

 

April I9, _I 985

 

t

venom swoon»! 1..

r".

  

. pril 19.. 1935

 

" THEMQST POWERFUL LEC‘E
is BACK [N A NEonvr-znr

 

University“ Cinemas '

 

 

w.”

NOLL

Only titration—Comm
has the power to recover it.
' ' i

 

it isth greatest

challenge. Forifhc cannot
'Caplurt' the, Horn in lime. ..
ttrc wortdwill be plunged
into Eternal (Whitest.

Air cueooen -
cummr ' .a‘con/rnrrrcocs t0
ctr/um
itOY moms,
‘Aru.

  
 

Lrun . NAM) - noun w‘auctt - o‘uvra o’auo
u \

 
 
 

Fri. & Sat.
_ April
‘19 & 20

Shows 7:30 &' 10:00 '

 

Experience the-other
side of WWII

DAS BOOT - ‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

@633 @000 WEEK

@eeeemea'

General PUBLIC

in the University Gym
This Sunday. Fipril 21

S 7.00 wltox sticker
S 10.00 wlout sticker

 
  

General;

PUBLIC

 

solci in the C .C. Lobby and ot Strawberries
General Fidmission
Tickets will ols b sold at the door

 
 

General .

PUBUC i

 

 

   
     
     
    
 
 
 
 
 

  
  
   

 

; n exhibition to remember

 
  

ecently opened at the University
Gallery in the Fine Art building is
, the annual Master 'of Fine Arts
rests exhibition. This year. the exhibit
rries some of the most interesting variety
‘ art to be seen in the Albany area. The
‘ ow, created by the graduate students in
ejurt department, ranges the mediums of
' ulpture. painting, lithography.
onography. etchings and watercolor.‘

Nancy Depew's oil paintings are of a
hiy finished quality. They are all untitl. r'~
‘ ‘but the first series, including the char-
‘ al studies, are of a nude whose expres-
‘ n is one of surprise as she is startled by
presence of another. Across the room
- the works of June Benenson, her series
monographs entitled "About Ray" look
' e the fingerpainting of emotions in black

  

  

 
    

d white tones. The faces are washy, but
ll recognizable. in contrast, her oils are
pressive in their use of matte oil'earth
nos of the figure. highlighted by the
-shtones of the skin on the body.
The bright. engaging watercolors of Erin
‘ berts catch the eye from across the
’ om. Using flowers as the subject of all of
g .2 r work, "Love Field" is a painting which
,gnost takes” up the space of half the wall.
' *r work personifies the feeling of spring
t is in the air. it's hard to tell that the
ilpture of Adrienne Klein is made of
)0d, since the large upper torsos seem to
so solid in bulk. She has artfully carved
d, painted the wood so that the suface is
vered in matte colors, while the places
rere she has carved from the wood are
r: inted in metallic gold. Some of the

    
 

  

eces are violent in nature. One piece
ows an image of the heart which seems
‘ have been violently ripped from th
est'of one of-her other pieces. ' ' 
The etchings of iondi Keane show nude
cures which are reminiscent of Pollaiuolo
jrgiavings of men in battle, only here,
ch figure is involved in his or her own
orld. His paintings portray figures in
l )spital gowns with the jaundiced skin-
: nes of sickness. The smell of illness is in
" e air as the bizzare and almost surreal im-
us show the darker side of the institu-
: ilitiﬁiil‘rOltndlng the figures and disease.
The O'Keefe imagery of skulls in the
i start is present in the work by Beth
ialvo. in her works in both oil and char- '
al. the antlers of deer wrap around each
her and play on light and shadow. One
n almost feel the hot Arizona sun beating
t uvn on the pieces over the course of the
'ar‘s.
"Who's There" is the question raised bv

, ho is Charles Fort? Who cares? "We
\W find it outrageous that there ,w'asno
mention of Mr. Fort in7William
r'rthedy's book O'Albany. ‘whlch pur-

uf‘ to be a history of the area," charges
caartist Jan Calligan. Robert Durlak and

rly-rnedia art installation at the Harrnanus
ker Center, as an artistic tribute to
r .

  
 

h
l
a
_ (alligan have collaborated to create a
l
l
i

. .
om Ginsberg
( ratios Fort, thorn in Albany and later a
l
l told informalron known as pseudo
x “1th in the late “trio's and carly 1000's.
l“will”phcnorm-na include cases ot sputt-
r ncp'us ilnrnolaiion (pct-pie suddenly
it tl‘vlilti', rnlo Harm-s), treak accidents, acrial
rifl‘lnlrgs. bricks falling from the sky. etc.

1 l he opening reception. attended by
til/N 5'0 amused people, featured music by
Im- Marino on the electric piano and a brief
llk llll‘l‘ by thliarn Sunder'land. Sunderland
i~ or ‘e of the few remainingmembers of“
tbi‘ lltt'tean societiWhldh Ils‘still active. mlu'

 

 

 

 anything." ‘ a, 

“blitut of Brooklyn) wrote .rbout and cof- r _’

 

a lb l s ' A
'com liked ot,a IQ f'oot cubd lrarncu’onia up

what is art?

 

Aspects 7a

 

Fine Art’lsrstyle

 

l."UntllIed". "Knot" Both oruvo
rm." 2" Adrienne Klein

the paintings'of Patricia Loonan Testo. As
the eye glances at the “Who’s There" series
of three paintings, "Kitchen", "Bath" and
"Bedroom". it finds the doorway where so-
meone may be lurking about. A
curvelinear view of the scene makes for
the distorted perspective. as if shown

‘ through a” convex'lens. The bold. 'dark,

matte colors are, highlighted where the
light comes through from a point beyond
the perspective of the painting.
in the work “Mi Tia y Mis Sobrinas". by
Tomas Rolando, the warmth of the mother
cradling her child in one arm while
delicately moving the hair off her other
child's face embodies the painting as the-
- warm light glows on the family. His 'pain-
tings are so thick with oil that one can
smell it and feels as if in the studio withthe
artist, watching‘him paint. '
Located in the other roorn of the gallery
.on the second floor are the paintings by the
Master of Art candidates. The paintings of
Wendy Williams are of expressive yet
forceful figures turning in upon“
themselves, moving and twisting in dif-
ferent places in color that activates their

by Rina Young

.n 1m

 

 

DI” “BIC-UPS

motion. Ching Houng Chang’s sculpture,
"Entity vs. Nonentity" depicts the relation-
ship of space and nonspace in the form of
hexagon figures in wood and in acrylic on
paper. "Dissecting" is two pieces hung high
on the wall which look like kites. yet are
marked by the artist's use of color. Mei-
" Rong Lee has created a Wood construction
that doesn't allow for a chase look, since the
pegs come out at you from the twisted
form in a violent manner. The drawings on
the wall allow for a more intimate view
since they are not as dangerous. The work
by Mary Lyn Nutting shows dark hallways
and purple-lured doors which become
spatial in her three-dimensional rendition
of the lithographs.
in the foyer of the gallery, is the cxhibi~
tion of a small sampling of the work pro-
duced by umiergraduaies. The entire show
in the gallery is quite striking and diverse

deed, have something to celebrate about.
The Master'of Fine Arts Thesis exhibitions
will continue through May I9. The Master
of Arts exhibition will be changing to show
other artists as of April 14, | ]

 

 

PSGUdOSCifine

England. originally founded bv Fort
The exhibit consists of mixed media im4
ages that illustrate facts researched by Fort, '
as well as some of his theories ~-
"Tn be fair is to have no_opinion aball
To be honest is to be‘uninterested ‘
To investigate is'to admit prejudices
M Nobody has ever really investigated

- V -'. ‘ .1 In“;
“Painted br'ick's ‘rnakcv up most of the
showing. They portray surreal images of

fish and people flying tl‘n’ough tlﬁ‘ an: as“ 7

well as tornadoes ariil l'.ritlnvortns? ‘ ' L
Tl. c two itcrr grcatcd a, largejJrstallatipn
- w .- t w .-,. . _

ing a”? representation of .i‘ tornado and a'
rotating disc ol flames. Oilu-r' lior'teai'tziim‘

ago:- arc those of a "Female 'l‘ceuage Hor‘ﬂ‘

cules" who lills an auto with her lips, ahd'“

fish escaping tissurcs, caused by anearﬁtli-s A

quake. in twrrdirncnsioual works .,- t . V

lJurlak and Galligan have wink it.
together on a number of art projects“ was:
environmental sculpture in the ram is" ‘
sinking ship, called "The Leviath." '

 
    

‘ tut ‘ shoﬂfor "Working Stiffs.” The
lro mtuna-("lirougli May to. In addi-
W ‘- .wurlr:displaycd at the t lalf

  

 

Locogn rd in. the  t
manure i Show,

   
 
  
 

tr the’rhonth‘bf‘Aptll.‘ ‘ ‘  "W ‘r"r

in it’s work. The Art Department does, in .

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
    
 

witlr~..Melissa I‘Edmunds. .

 

An artist to see

‘ illiam Beckman grew up in Min-

N K  nesota on a farm out in the sticks.

~ He never saw a painting until he
was l9 years old, yet today he is an impor-
tant artist who paints in a figurative,
realistic style. His sometimes larger-thaw
life figures don't allow the mere 10 second
look, but force one to gaze long and hard
to understand the character which he has
portrayed. The psychological intensity of

‘ his work is almost haunting in quality, yet

he paints everyday scenes, mainly using
himself and his wife as the models.

Beckman began his slide show ,and lec-
ture at the Fine Arts building last Thursday
by talking about the standards in art today.
But he himself still had a few questions
which he posed to the audience. He asked
if indeed there are standards in art today,
and if there are, what are they. And if not,
then why aren't there any? Not an easy
task for anyone who has seen some of the
art that is being created by the large
number of artists around today.

"Collective thinking was what pulled the
artists before World War It together.
going as far back as Egyptian, Greek,
Roman, Gothic and Renaissance art.”
Beckman explained, and also noted that
the collective mode of thought meant that
"the product is greater that any one in-
dividual. Yet right now, we are in an explo-
sion of individualism."

When he firstrstarted to paint. Beckman
used the materials which he could get his
hands on because they were cheap- white
lead and tar. "A tube of paint was expen~
sive because all I wanted to do was smear it
all over the canvas." He worked first in the
abstract style that was dominant in the six-
ties. then he moved to the figurative style.
"because Creenberg and Rosenberg (chain-
pion critics of the abstract style) told you
that you couldn't. and that the figure was
dead."

The first slides that Beckman showed of
his work were of constructed boxes which
used many perspective devices so that
when one peers inside them. one's perspec-
tive and hence one's illusion of them
changes. A few years and many boxes
later. Beckman decided to find out if he
"had it to make it" in New York City. He
found his niche with the few painters

~ working in the figurative mode. licckman

paints in tlrisgstyle because "i want to say
ivlraiever I want to through the figure," His
works are narrative. They relive his wife's
pregnancy. his move into his loft and other
parts of his past history. His work is con
trontatiunal and embodies the intimate
relationship withuhis wife. for he feels
«troueg about painting two people.

Later in the day, Beckman held a short.
informal seminar where he and the other
participants went into greatei depth about
the issue of standards in art today.Talking
about the stuggle in art. he reflected that "a
great work of art must not only show its
method, but also have an inner quality of
that personal vision which ultimately
becomes a truth after other people see
it. . .If that record is not in your work, then
it becomes shallow."

"Since the system of art in the US is left
to the individual and not the tullc‘t‘livc‘ as it
still is in Russia. licckman lccls that in order
to create new standards by which art can
then be judged by society, It must rely on
,q‘rrgrnality. \ot the concept turned In upon

Vﬂhcll when someone raiscd the question.
"Who judges?”

’l'luoughout the course of the discussion
there were many qtu‘slitttis raised which ar‘
lists have been asking themselves sinn- the
first line was inscribed in the caves. Still.
there is no one answer. hat that is what
makes art an ideal to pursue, without
forgetting the real.

The last thing which iicckman said to
the audience of hopeful artists in search of

v the answersto their questions. was. i‘keeg'." 
the faith, and y'ot'r’llmake it)“ mm A

  
  
  

 
    
  
 

  
   
   
   

   
        
     
  
  

   
     
        
  

  
       
      
    
    
   

         
  
     
      
   
        
    
  
    
     
       
  
     
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 

 
 

    
       

