 

 

mgLTtEijg'cHOICE

Where Do Children
Of the Famous Go?

lfthe TV moguls want to ﬁlm “Children
of the Rich and Famous,“ they should
probably begin at Brown. For starters.
they‘d ﬁnd a whole new generation ofthe
Democratic Party. Amy Carter and Laura
Zaccaro entered this fall.joining Bill Mon-
dale. who wrll graduate in January after
taking time off to help his father on a
project; among the recent graduates are
Donna Zaccaro '83 (Laura‘s sister), John
F. Kennedy Jr. '83 (the late president's
son) and Kerry Kennedy '82 (Robert F.‘s
daughter). Vanessa Vadim (Jane Fonda
and Roger) will be a classmate ofAmy and
Laura. carrying on an entertainment line
that has included Kate Burton '79 (Rich-

JFIt' Jr. graduating: It 's no coincidence

ard). Matthew Scott '81 (George C.). Ca-
sey Cole '83 (Nut) and Polly Segal '87
(George). Then there is the international
set. ﬂavored by such students as Prince
Faisal ofJordan ‘85 and Giovanni Agnclli
‘titi. whose surname is synonymous with
Fiat in his native ltaly. Another freshman
is Cosimu von liiilow. whose father. Claus.
was recently acquitted of trying to murder
her mother. Sunny; Claus. as followers of
the rich and fatnous all know. is being sued
by Sunny‘s son from a previous marriage.
Alexander von Auersperg. Brown '83.

it‘s all coincidence, or perhaps not coili-
cidence at all. says Robert C. Reichley.
Brown‘s \ice president for university rela-
tions. lirown is the most popular school in
the Ivy League. having drawn 13.700appli-
cations for 1.300 openings this fall, in large
part because its ﬂexible curriculum appeals
to bright students who want to develop their
own programs. llroun considers itselfsec-
ond choice to none. including Harvard.
whichJohn F. Kennedy attended. After all.
says Retchley. Joint F. Kennedy Jr. “could
have gotten lil anywltcre he applied."

ltt

>
'5
2
z
a
z
;
a
r:
:4)

JOHN FORASTE—

Imitation fans at Northeastern women ’s basketbali garlic: A danger for young adults

Once Again, the Threat of a Measles Epidemic

The ‘505 revival isn‘t limited to fashion
and politics. Measles and rubella (also
known as German measles). once thought
to have almost vanished, have returned in
epidemic proportions—and both arehitting
colleges hard. Out of 1,802 cases ofmeasles
reported around the nation so far this year.
a record 334 have occurred on campuses.
(The epidemic was considered so serious at
Northeastern last year that students were
not allowed to gather at basketball games;
for one women‘s game, students prepared
life-size cutouts so that the team appeared
to have a cheering section.)

College students have always been vul-
nerable to communicable diseases, mainly
because of crowded living conditions. The
current crop is particularly susceptible
to measles, however. The disease was so
rare when they were children that many
of them were never inoculated against it.

The Atlanta-based Centers for Disease
Control (CDC) estimates that 5 to l5 per-
cent ofthe nation‘s college students may be
susceptible.

Measles is a much scarier proposition for
young adults than it is for children. For one
thing, older victims run a greater risk of
serious complications. among them. pneu-
monia, hearing loss and encephalitis. For
another, rubella is especially dangerous for
women of childbearing age. since it can
cause birth defects in developing fetuses. So
both the CDC and the American College
Health Association are calling for renewed
inoculation efforts. “Anybody born after
1956 should be vaccinated against measles.
unless they have had a documented prior
case or have been appropriately vaccinated
on or before their ﬁrst birthday." says Dr.
Ronald Davis of the CDC. “One shot and
you‘re protected for life.“

Texas Tech’s Pride: Its Own Little Dinosaur

Texas Tech. long overshadowed by more
illustrious universities in its home state. has
a new claim to fanIe——its very own ditto-
saur. Tech acquired the beast last summer.
when a group of museum-science students
uncovered the bones of a previously un-
known genus ofornithischian dinosaur on a
dig about 30 miles south of the Lubbock
campus. Exercising his scientiﬁc preroga-
tive, expedition leader Sankar Chattcrjee
promptly named the beast 'l‘echnosaurus in
honor of the school.

’l‘echnosaurus inhabited west Texas
some 225 million years ago. It was a small
animal. about four feet tall. with elongated
hind legs that made it look somewhat like
a chameleon on stilts. its discovery. says
Chatterjee. “ﬁlls a gap in the evolution of
reptiles." It also vaults 'l'ech into a very
select group: the only other "college ditto-
snur" is the Yalesaurus, a plant-eating rep«
tile whose fossilized remains were discov-

cred and named about 60yearsago. Will the
lind improve Texas Tech‘s image? “It's not
that Tech has a bad reputation," says Dar-
rell Smith. a junior broadcast-journalism
major. “it just doesn‘t have a reputation
at all.“ Little Technosaurus may be big
enough to change that.

NliWSWl-ZliK ()N (‘AMl'llS/Sl‘:l"l'l:MliliR “"45

 

AT HIST.

WORD PROCESSING THAT
WON’T COME IJP SHORT.

Take a Tandy 200
with you when you
go to school.

The convenience and
portability of the battery-
powerod Tandy 200 are
big reasons our newest
small computer is perfect
for high school and col-
lege students. The Tandy
200 is packed with ad-
vanced technology innova-
tions so it can go—and
wark—wherever you do.
But even with all its lea-
tures. the Tandy 200
weighs just 41/2 pounds.

The leading edge

In technology. only

from Radio Shack

Just turn on the 24K Tandy

200 and you're ready to start

writing correction-tree class

notes, term papers, themes, ro- .
ports. memos. even letters to home.
Built-in programs make the Tandy 200
a portable spreadsheet analysis tool.

personal word processor. address and ap-
pointment book and telecommunications ter-
minal. You can write your own programs. too.
The big, ﬂip-up screen makes text easy to read
and the lull-size keyboard makes typing easy.

Pltcou agpi at Radio Shack Computer Center: and at portlolpattna

Radio 8 no stores and dealers.

You can even expand the Tandy
200's storage with 24K expansion
modules, up to 72K.

See it today
Come see the Tandy 200
(26-3860, $999) at your nearby
Radio Shack Computer Center.
participating store or dealer.

Radio Ihaeii’

The Technology Store"

A cannon OI TANDV MOHAin

 

 

