A 4 ALBANY STUDENT mess. [I FRIDA Y, FEBR UAR Y s. . r985

.12...  any MEN'S '~ V, '
SUPPORT GROUP

a

Is forming in

association
with the

. Middle Earth
Counseling and Crisis

‘ Center.

We are uniting
to hear your ideas
and concerns.

(all Middle Earth for more
lnformatiOn: 457-7588 '

 

Valentine's Day is coming! Send an
ASP personall -

 

 

 

 

If God had wanted
them to be angels.
He would have
given them

wings.

Beaver g;
E % I'll“ Ill ‘1." I'll luv-N v\ll Rrglrh llrwnml .

A fill-STAR RH [ASE

W
  assessors.
-fEBRUARY 3 I~a7cnusscarrsmun xn esp-557g

CHECK DIRECTORY ADS OR CALL FOR SIIOWTIMES.

 

 

 

 

 

room's-llamas"i

 

 

 

 

courtesy ol Bojan- Jordan

Mr. Jordan (lar right) greets an old lrlend. 1934 Nobel Peace Prize recipient bishop Desmond Tutu

(Ielt) In New York City this past December.

Jordan, exiled from his country,

personifies anti-apartheid light

By J. Michael Malec

STAFF WRITER
If I'm Black in South Africa, my plight is
immeasureable.

: Nights I can 't sleep for fear of being raided at any

'hour.
Daytime I can ’t walk about for fear of being called
a vagrant..
At most times I can't do anything .
because of an empty stomach. Fflday
These are the words of Bojana
Jordan. a SUNYA Adjunct Pro- PrOfile
fessor and native South African.
who has been living in exile since the sixties. Jordan
is President of the American-South African
Peoples’ Friendship Association here in Albany,
which, he said , works to educate “Americans about
the evils of apartheid and the role of the American

economic interests in the dastardly game of ~

apartheid."

He described his SUNYA course, called “The
Impact of Apartheid on South African Culture." as
a nine week crash course for graduates and
undergraduates. Jordan seems emmencntly
qualiﬁed to speak on the subject.

He originally attended college in South Africa to
become a high school teacher. but could not allow

himself to work under the government’s system of ’

“Bantu Education." which he calls “education for
slavery." He was also paid just one tenth what the
white teachers teachinglthe some classes were paid,
Jordan said. . ’

So Jordan went back to college, to the law school
at the University of Cape Town, where he was one
of three blacks in a class of 300. ‘

While a practicing attorney. he became active in
organizing against apartheid and tyranny. and in
I960. just six months out of law school, Jordan was
involved in the Sharpville Uprising. where he said.

“Scores of people were murdered in seconds for
protesting the carrying of p'assbooks.“t (the internal
passports all blacks must carry at‘ all’times). f ‘,

Many of the other organizers of the Uprising who

were not killed went to prison for 29 years, and 25'}.

years later, some are still there. he said; Jordan was

successful in surreptitiously leaving the country and '

lived in Botswana, Zimbabwe, and Zambia before
being brought to the United States in I965 by the
State Department to do research at the University
of Rochester. Since then he has been active in pro-

moting awareness of apartheid and has worked Wit ~ \

many progressive groups in this te‘gory. ~ ‘ a

, While Worki'ri'g at the Uriit‘éa‘ ail ‘riiin an a.

an observer for the ,Pan-AfricanistrCongresspf .

Azania (Black South African's  for thcin
country). Jordan heard about the proposed Rugby.
game to be held in Albany betweenf'the South
African “Springboks'Vanda local team. He came
to Albany to help organizethe protest against the
Springboks' appearance. he said, and the'protest
drew 2.000 people, as well as national television
coverage. with ABC's “Nightline” show with-Ted
Koppel originating from Albany that nighteHe said
he found Albany a receptive and congenial place to
live and write. ‘ ' I " ' \
“Life in South Africa for blacks is living hell."
said Jordan. “Irrespective of your qualiﬁcations or
age. whites call you ‘boy'. You may be a doctor. or
lawyer. but to a white factory worker. you are still a
‘boy'. Even the white childern will say this to black
men. You are a semi-slave. You do more work, for
one-tenth the pay. and if you complain, you can be
detained without trial, or even charges. for six mon-

ths, a year, while you are beaten and tortured for

information. You see. to protest is a treasonablc of-

fense in South Africa."
The 26 million blacks in South Africa cannot
13>

 

cerned with major policy issues

‘was than previously -thought.ii‘
the results of a survey taken“

recently by the University's
NYPIRG chapter are any
indication. ‘ i ' -
students responded most to
regarded _. President Reagan’s
Strategic Defense lnitiatlve.better
known asA“Star'Wars'," andyitem-
pricing in supermarkets;

The second annual” survey was
conducted by students from‘the
New York Public Interest
ReSearch.:Group to‘gauge student '

' opinion on projects thechapter is
currentlynmrking' on. {said local

Board co-chair ‘Joeéf Hilbert.

"‘These issues are all top priority

for NYPIRG this spring." he
explainch '
Of 371 respondents to the ques-
tion. 88 percent or»325 people said
they support the renewal of New .
York’s item-Pricing Law which
requires supermarkets to in-

. dividually tag most items sold in
-the store. An equal number of

people said they «were against it or

lePlRG Local Board co-chair Joe Hilbert

“These issuesare all top priority. "

. had'no opinion. . -

“Students at SUNY Albany
seenilto be’very consumer mind-
ed," stated Hilbert. '

As for Star Wars. the con-
troversial plan to deploy weapons
in outerspace. tyre-thirds of the

. r v _ _. , ‘ respondents voted in favor of a'
The two questions which.‘

negotiated treaty with the Soviet
Union which would ban the in-

‘ troduction‘o’f weapons in space.
23 percent said no, while [Sper- y;

cent said they did not know.‘
According to-Hilbert. NYPIRG
opposes Star Wars because "it’s a

tremendous waste of money,"

they're planning on spending at

least $26" billion on research.
(and) that’s just the first stage." .

NYPIRG was one of several
groups which participated in
voter registration‘ drives at
SUNYA last semester. and the
drives were so successfulgthat
United States Student Associa-
tion officials later said the
University had the Highest
percentage, of students registered

'in the country.

0f the 335 people who
answered the question. 90-per-

cent. ‘or 293g‘said they, were.

 

Howaan rvean ues

_Hilbert said. In February l984.
77.3 percent said
, registered. with only 43.4 percent 3
.saying they voted in the I983;

.J‘Our purpose is
 students with the opportunities
' and training that’s necessary to be

' ; ’ r FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1985 D- ALBANY STUDENT paassr5

* _staaémcancem§charred

' ByPeter Sands"
Students seem to be more con- ‘

registered. Out of the 293. 26l
said 'they voted in last '
November's elections. which
meant a ,voter turnout rate of 85
percent. '

. A recent federal ruling in a case 5 I

initiated by Student Associationf
at SUNYA made it possible'for

students to vote in Albany. 75  Z
, percent of those who said they
. voted did so at school according _'

to the survey. results.
The results show fairly large'
gains over last year’s survey,‘

they ' were, 

elections. .

Over 80 percent of students "
polled supported increased taxa-
tion of industry for cleaning up
industrial waste. Although many
consider this a fairly liberal posi-
tion. Hilbert said the poll
demonstrated widespread support
for a stronger, industry ﬁnanced
Superfund. “Regardless of
liberal-conservative, it shows that ‘
students are in favor of having in-
dustries clean up for the toxic
dumps rather than taxpayers." he‘
explained. “

Finally. 52 percent said New
York State should not invest
public funds in corporations that
do business with South Africa.
whose government oppresses'the
country’s black majority under .
thepolicy of apartheid.

_At its January State Board
meeting,NYPlRG launched a
research project on divestiture
from South Africa that will com-

-'pare investmentsjmade in that :

country with investment in other

areas,’ using the'vexperiencesr ‘of' ‘

pension plan funds of other states
which have already decided to
divest. ‘ t
The survey was designed in par
to spark debate and concern on

. the issues NYPIRG is currently ;'
» .working on. Hilbert said. Project

Coordinator Efrem Kann added.
to provide

active and effective in the political
El

» arena.” . ‘

stremedyfor ailing Dutchess

 

Investor’s Club co-pr‘esldent Bruce Sherrn‘en. .

Investor’s Club seeking

easy money, experience

:By Rosalyn L. Lee .

Want to make a fortune? Apparently a lot of people do. which
may be the reason behind the popularity of -SUNYA's new In-
vestor's Club.

“An interest in this type of club must have been building for a
long time," said the Investor’s Club co-founder and co-pre'sident
Bruce Sherman. According to Sherman. the semester-old club‘s
first meeting attracted over 150 people. One hundred liked what
they heard and stayed on as members, he added. .

.“Only about half of our members are actually business majors.”
said Sherman. and not all those interested are students. “A
SUNYA physics professor showed up at our ﬁrst meeting," he
stated. '

Said Sherman. he and the club's other co-president, Steve Wein-
baum, were faced with the problem of educating most of the
members about the stock market. “We created ‘The Investor’s
Game' to give members a better understanding of how the stock
market operates and have a good time learning. It's a sort of
‘Monetary Pursuit'." explained Sherman.

Weinbaum and Sherman initiated the game at the club’s second
‘m'eeting. “Each member received $25,000. in theory. They were
allowed to invest the money in one to ﬁve companies. which are ac-
tually part of the. New York Stock Exchange. They were allowed to
buy and sell stock freely. The investor who gained the biggest pro-
ﬁt. Neal Wilson. a student. received a Sl00 U.S. Treasury Bond."
stated Sherman.

Slie‘rrné'ii is quick to point out that the Investor's Club “does
more than just play games". “We have also put together an In-
vestors Club Mutual Fund. which allows members to invest real
dollars in the real stock market. Last semester we collected over
Sl000 from club members. with individual investments lying bet-
ween $5 and SISO. v

The fund‘s guidelines permit members to buy shares in a com-
monly owned portfolio. “voted on by all club members". Accor-
ding to Sherman. “the club invested in US. Homes. a house con-
structing firm. For $6 a share. we bought 100 shares. As of January

, 29th. the stock rose to 8 and 3/8 a share, up 2 and 1/4. “At the end
of the semester. the stock was diluted and distributed back to in-
vestors." he said.

The leaders of the club have some new things in store for-1tgis

>

 

 

 

PIZZA

 

 

1513 Western Ave. (before Croae'gatea Entrance)
869-7232
Now featuring SUNY Ni lite for students:
MONDAXS— Pasta & Meatballs - $2.99
(second dish of pasta on us)
TUESDAYS- Eight Cut Pizza w/two
""' toppings - $5.95
WEDNESDAYS- Linguine w/l‘ried Shrimp ~

Salad Available to SIudontl m‘ $.19

 

 

Also on above nights:

 

 

I2 02. Draft Beer $.49

. 12 oz. Bottle of Miller $.99
60 oz. Large Pitcher of Beer $2.7”

12 oz. Soda of your choice $.49

 

 

 

-8IJNY LD. REQUIRED

JIBOVE SPECIALS GOOD ON PREMISES ONLY

-S£RVZD PROM 4:00 To 10:30

4'!!!) ORIGINAL N.Y.C. ems arm's ‘ ONIONS!
DELIVERY AVAILABLE EVENINOB.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Expires) 3185‘
d

Jagger finds male bias inpolitical theory

By Robert Hanlon

S TAFF WRITER

Both Classic liberalism and

Marxism are “male-biased and

cthnocentric." according to
Alison M. Jagger. therefore forc-
ing feminists to search for a “new
economics and a new politics."

Jagger is u Wilson professor of
Ethics at the University of Cin-
cinatti and a visiting professor in
Women's Studies at Rutgers
University. as well as the author
of Feminist Politics and Human
Nature (I983).

Her lecture Monday afternoon

to a crowd of 40 people In the

Humanities Lounge was part of
the Center for the llunntnilles lec-
ture series. Jagger's talk was en-
titled "Fetninism's Challenge to
Western Political Theory."
“Both (classic liberalism and

Marxism) take the male as the
norm - and universalizc male ex-
perience as human experience,"
she said, adding that neither
political theory respects the dif-
ferent needs and wants of women
in society. ,

SUNYA Women‘s Studies
Department Chair Bonnie
Spanier said of Jagger's presenta-
tion. “I think she points out the
omissions (of classical liberalism
and Marxism). Her analysis is
very sound. and feminists need to
pay attention to these shortenin-
ings“ in the two theories.

Jagger's one hour. 45 minute
lecture reviewed the basic tenets
of classical liberalism and Murxv
ism. and included a feminist criti-
que of the two theories.

“A vast majority of feminists
tend to use liberal language" to

achieve equality. she said, but
that has created contradictions
with the basic theory of
liberalism. She added that.‘upon
closer examination. classical
liberalism “is a distinctly
masculine world view." failing to
treat women as Individual.
separate human beings.

Under classical liberalism. “in-
dividuals are seen as going
towards egoism." she said.
Liberals deﬁne people »in the
abstract. she said. deﬁning their
themies based on the equal poten-
tial of all people. This view is ex-
pressed through political
egalltnrianlsm and libertarianlsm.
Jagger added. ‘

Liberals. according to Jagger.
feel that everyone should have the
same basic liberty to do as he or
' , 16"

Comedy may be be

By Laurie Lewis

in an attempt to build the popularity of the Dut-'

chess, SUNYA‘s Friday night version of the
Patroon Room. University Auxiliary Services and
Student Association presented “Comedy Night"
featuring top New York City comedians Thursday
night.

E. Norbert Zahm. UAS general manager. said
that comedy night is “an attemptlto have students
become more aware of the Dutchess." Hesaid that
the Dutchess was “pretty successful in the 83-84
term," but now business has slowed down.

Performing in Thursday's show were comedians
Jeff Justice. Stu Trivax and Gary DeLena. All have
appeared in New York City nightclubs such as
Dangerfields. Catch a Rising Star and the Comic
Strip.

Two show were offered, one at 7 p.m. and one

. at 9 p.m.. with over 70 people attending the second
show. '

The comedians commented that the Dutchess has
“great night club appeal" and that a comedy show
It a “great Idea." Justice said he liked the onion
rings. "I would drive back just for the rings." he

said.
him said that a survey was made last semester .

as to where SUNYA students go. how much money
they spend. and what time they leave campus. The
Dutchcss concept was contrived from this Idea. said
Zahm. . I

The Butchers, which is open Friday nights for
dinner from 5 to 8:30 p.m.. offers a selection of

what UAS calls “fun food." Zahm said. “meals
average 55.00." adding, "the mostppopular dishes
seem to be London Broil sandwithes. Chicken
Wings and Mozzcrelia sticks."

i’atty Salkin. SA Programming Director said,
“as program director, I'm always looking for
something to get away from alcoholic programs for
students." The comedy night “offers students
something that they can't get of l campus.” asserted
Salkin.

Les Hynes, UAS manager of Campus Center
operations said. “tonight was something dif-
ferent." He said‘that UAS is trying to plan more
events for students on campus. but students have to
come to the events.

Future plans for ,the Dutchess Include another
comedy night in mid-March.

Larry Hartman. a Central Council Represen-
tative said. “this Is probably the best thing you can
get on campus for $3. The comedy shows in the city
cost SIO to $20."

"It was really funny.” stated Jackie Bernstein.
president of the Class of 87. "It was enjoyable. You
could eat and drink in a relaxed atmosphere. It was
a nice alternative to off-campus doings.”

Sophomore Paul Barnes said. “it's a great idea
other than going out and getting drunk."

Rose Abclow. who serves on the UAS Board of
Director: said. “It was a wonderful show —- a new
option for students."

“It's a good idea." said junior Shari "
“But it should be better publicized."

.I L

Comedian Stu 'l'rlvex
[:1 Something dlrferent at the Butchers.

 

 

 

