   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

their jobs. about how they got started. what
they learned. and that in itself can be a big
help to somebody just starting out."

Most campuses offer career listings of
alumni to soon-to-be graduates, encouraging
students to contact alumni in their fields of in«
terest for informational interviews. “Almost all
of our alumni will talk to a student or recent
graduate in their field," notes Paula Jones of
the University of Texas' Career Placement Of-
fice. “We just tell the students to call them
up—or write them—and say. ‘I just graduated
and I‘m interested in learning about how
another graduate made it.’ “

If you adopt the basic principle of
networking—that every person you meet
becomes a valuable resource to you and that
you can become a valuable resource to him or
her—you'll quickly see the broad range of op«
portunities networking provides. The cons-
cientious networker, always on the lookout for

   

new contacts, will never let a networking op-
portunity pass him by. whether it's on an
airplane, at a business conference or at the
family holiday table.

Of course. some are so smitten by the
networking bug that their on-the«job perfor-
mance begins to suffer. Almost every office
has at least one employee who spends more
time worrying about what's going on outside
the office—what jobs are opening up in the in-
dustry. the number of names on his/her
Rolodex—that the real work just doesn't seem
to get done. This is networking gone over-
board. also known in some circles as “not-
working." Be advised: networking is no
answer for "networking."

In his research, Georgia State Universi~
ty‘s Stanley has studied the characteristics
common among successful businessmen
and -women: “It's very important for young
workers today to understand that most million-
aires—especially self-made millionaires—are
extroverted and very personable people."
Stanley says “Unfortunately. much of the col-
lege education doesn't reflect that."

Stanley advises recent graduates to get
their training. in their profession and in
social/networking skills. in a small town en-
vironment. "The small town is a marvelous
place to train for the real world," he offers.
"People there understand, naturally. the im-
portance of networking, of trading favors.
because they know each other; they know
they need each other to make the system
work. Unfortunately. in big cities it's much
more Impersonal and you don't get sociable
enough to be able to network."

"One of the best things to do." coaches
Dowd. "is to join a professional association

related to your field and volunteer your time.
You meet these people not on networking
pretenses. but on the pretense of getting to
know the field. There's an association for
everyjob under the sun, and those people are
the ones from whom you're going to find out
how they got started in the field, and how they
can be of help to you and how you can be of
help to them."

“One of the best ways to get involved in a
new community and get to know people.” ad-
vises Lynette Murphy of the Denver Chamber
of Commerce, “is to volunteer in some kind of
organization like United Way or Big Brothers or
Big Sisters. It's a great way to meet leading
members of the community."

 
   
  
  
 

Jerry Rubin has gained national attention
for his planned New York City networking
events. and he has counterparts in other
areas of the country who offer serious net-
workers a structured environment for the pad-
ding of Flolodexes. "What I do is provide an
arenafor networking." Flubin explains. "I lay
the groundwork. but it’s up to everyone else
to do their own part."

According to Bob Paterson of the New
York Chamber of Commerce office, most of
the country's 1500 Chambers of Commerce
offer some form of business card exchange.
or "tip party," to allow members to meet other
members outside their immediate fields of in-
terest. “Our mission is to help members pros-
per," he says of the after-hours get-togethers
his office sponsors once a month. “We felt
one of the best ways was to provide a setting
where members can get together comfortably
and do business."

The Denver Chamber of Commerce.
under Murphy‘s direction, sponsors a pro-
gram called “Business After Hours." which
she says provides a "non-formal atmosphere
to get to know people. a good way for a young
worker to meet someone way up the ladder at
another company in the same field."

Special Advertising Supplement

“There have been a lot of success
stories." Murphy reports. “At a recent
Business After Hours there was an account-
ant who set up a new relationship with a
banker. I came up at the end of their conver—
sation and they were really excited they had
met. Most people do come away with a suc-
cessful contact. if they can get out and mingle
and shake a few hands and smile."

Another advocate of Rubin's networking
efforts is Harold Fiand, vice president/director
of marketing at Kaufman-Astoria Studios in
Queens. New York: “What networking en-
abled me to do was to meet some very influen-
tial people in a social atmosphere under less
formal circumstances, and they were people
I might not have ordinarily met during the
business day," he says. “I was able to slice
through the traditional bureaucracy of
brokerage houses and investment banking
firms. and meet directly with the people who
make the decisions."

    

CASE IN POINT

Jack Hitt. 28. will have his first book
published (in the spring of 1987) by Houghton,
Mifflin/American Heritage Books. Four years
ago, a graduate of the University of the South
in Sewanee, Tennessee, he was a struggling
free-lance writer, earning a living with assorted
assignments from bases in Oregon and Spain.
How he got here from there is a lesson in
networking.

First, Hitt enrolled in Columbia University 's
School of Jouma/ism, and there he met former
CBS News President Fred Friend/y, a member
of the faculty. By the time he earned his
master’s degree, Hitt found himself working
for Friendly '5 Media and Society organiza-
tion, producing seminars and television
documentaries.

Through his job at Media and Society he
met Harvard Law School studentJoan Grace,
and the two struck a professional friendship.
Together they schemed up a proposal for a
book on the history of the United States Con-
sltution, aimed to tie in with its 200th anniver-
sary (in 1987).

Though Hitt met his future literary agent at
a party, he is quick to pointout that his success
is not lust a case of knowing the right people.
"To think that that cocktail party, that hand-
shake, is what produced the book contract is
laughably ridiculous. " he now sa ys. Instead, he
credits meeting his agent as the impetus
(“knowing that we had a hangnail of a toe in
the door") to pursue the project in earnest.

"To attribute any success singularly to
networking is looking atit the wrong way," he
now says. “Knowing people is not singularly
responsible [or getting something accomplish-
ed. There 's got to be some talent there."

 

 ow to rcpae for the sccon

.

  

 

 biggest shockof your life.

Graduation isn't the cnd of school—it's thc beginning of responsibility.

Everything costs tnoncy. Thcrc's rcnt. Your studcnt loans. (Ear loans. l’honc bills. Elcctric bills.
lnsuntncc. More than you can imagine. That 's where [08 Pcrsonal Financial Plannch can hclp.

“)8 is onc of the nation‘s most cxpcricnccd financial planncrs. For 90 ycars wc'vc hclpcd
pcoplc just likc you succcssfully map out thcir financial futurcs.

An “)8 Financial Planncr will sit down with you onc-to~onc and help you dcvclop a solid
financial plan. A plan that can put your financial lifc in ordcr. Budgct for all thosc bills. llclp you got

out ot’dcht. And cvcn lcavc moncy to invcst or cnjoy. 

(Iallan IDS Financial Planncr today at 1-800457-4552. 'l‘hcn you'll
l’enmnul l-‘lnnm-iul I’lnnrwni

 

tic surc to havc two fcct on tho ground from tho monicnt you conic out
into thc rcal world,

 

