 
 

.. -. cc.“snowman"we!lawsaemwwammmw.M. ...—'.i

 

   

Sports Tuesday

OCTOBER 8, 1985

 
 
 
   

 
  

Dane netmen in ﬁne .,
r form as their; mam '
"for-this weekend’s -
SUNYACs
'See page 23»

      

 

 

 

Wayne Anderson had a 933nm klckott return tor a touchdown as

the Danes beat Sprlngtlol 33-15.

Lazarides leads attack as'women boatersfall

 nee-u” , - y ‘ - ' ' my,” "1" 9d - _ Milowe said the hearings would be run by an Ad-

‘  " "‘ “ ‘  "    ministrative Law Judge and would attempt to deter-

By Mike MacAdam and Albany appeared visibly deﬂated. in their last three games. “They're very organized as ateani and WW‘MV , ,‘ an . *“" .“V L ' ' ‘ “ " ‘ ‘ ' , ' ' " ~ ‘_ ' ‘”   u the GSEU '5 ‘“ "P‘pk’ne mgmzimon'
STAFF WR’TE“ LeMoyne’s Kate Caven'y added a goal at “We didn't play really badly." Kidder have good speed," observed Kidder about to listeniind 10mm, . ‘ ll  “Getting RAs will be harder if RAs will have to enforce “hem” wad-ﬁlm?" 9“ way“ I"? “pmmu‘m'
The combination of mental mistakes 32205 of the ﬁrst half asthe Danes’ scoring admitted about the contest‘that was a 'the St. Lawrence squad that shell-shocked students ind administrators. the law. Less people will apply for the RA position and ﬁnally “’th the “mat “few” "‘1" f" “plum”

and an anemic attack finally caught up
with the Albany State women's soccer
team as their record plunged to 3-6 after
consecutive 4-0 losses to LeMoyne and St.

SENIOR EDITOR

coach‘ed. "

 I; 1 

HOWARD "GAR UPS

 

and see.”

woes continued when forward Joanna
Lazaridcs‘ breakaway shot pounded the

crossbar.

“Both the games could have gone either way,

The Springfield Chiefs bled purple Saturday.

In fact, by the time the Great Danes ﬁnished their
33-15 drubbing of the highly regarded Division II
team. the Chiefs had bled so much purple that it's
doubtful the field will be green again by the time
Norwich comes to town two weeks from now.‘ -

“i thought in preseason we would be decent,"
Albany Head Coach Bob Ford said, “but i wasn't
sure how good. i think we have a solid team."

The Danes certainly seemed solid against‘Spr-
ingﬁeld, tallying 33 points on the touted Chief
defense led by Bill'Delaney. “They run the option
as well as any team I’ve played against,” said Spr-
ingfield head coach Mike DeLong. “Mike Milano is
an outstanding athlete. and of course they’re well-

”We have to get a little better,” DeLong added.
The Chiefs are now 0-3. ‘
Milano. the Danes' starting quarterback and
. holder of the University's passing yardage record,
, broke his nose in the game. but Ford said he was
likely to start against Southern Connecticut. “it’s
the kind of injury you can play with,” Ford said.
“He thinks he'll be ready and i think he'll be ready.
but there is no question he’ll be playing with pain.
Mike is a ﬁerce competitor, but ‘we’ll have to wait

’Both teams were scoreless in the first quarter, but
Springfield drove downfield to Albany‘s 14 before

Danes whip Springﬁeld for thirdStrai-ght win.

By John Keenan

Chiefs were driving hard on the, nine-yard line when.

back Stacey Bason back to thet ~l.4f:forcing Spr-

ingfield to settle for the field goal." The goal line

' stand was the first of several for the Dane-defense.
which denied Springfield any, more points until
midway through the fourth quarter;

' The Danes retaliated on the next drives-seven-
play march that ended When Milano‘ reached split
end John Donnelly with a 26-yard pass for the first
touchdown-of the  Milano threw a high ar-
ching pass underer to D‘onnelly. who. took it
in for the score. ~ . . V

Two plays later. Rich Kozak intercepted 'a pass
from Springfield’s Brian Timbrouck to ~'start
another drive, which ended‘in an over-theshonlder
pass from Milano to Melvin in the end zone. At the'
end of the half. Albany led 16-3. '

The second half didn't begin any better for the
Chiefs. as Wayne Anderson took the. opening
kickoff 93 yards for the touchdown. Anderson,-
who was recruited by DeLong. said he always gets
optimistic when facing Springfield, '

“l’m really close with Coach Debug,” Ander-
son said. “He wantedtne to play for Springﬁeld
bad.” ' r

“Theplay was supposed to go left. but there was
nothing there,” Anderson" explained. “Sol turned
up the middle. broken tackle. spun off, and there it'

21’»

deadlock on paper. but not on the
scoreboard. “We just beat ourselves
psychologically." -

.Albany. 26-7 in shots. “but there ain't no
way they should have beat us that bad."
5 Only Lazarides. forward Joan
McNamara, and co-captain Kim Kosalek

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

  

settling for a field goalc early in the second. The »

Dane linebacker Frank Sarconetknocked running ‘

 

 

I . aneam‘twsm to magnum Assassin
, I . .

 

« ermlmuaiu » a

v' "‘mtvn‘wﬂhutlwlm . 9) 

t

t  -_

I PRESS

   

   

RKATFALBANY BY TH : ALBANY STUDENT mass CORPORATION 

a;  ‘ “ “Friday "

A October 11, 1985

  

NUMBER 29

 

 

   
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
   

 drinking seen
it .resit‘r..ictivle.‘;2-1 ’ rule

by Linda Greenery. . ‘

. " .  ‘ enforcing 2t  break community rather than build it.
Students“ {vi/ant as  an alcohol policy as 

Students will not confide in theirjRAs for fear of being

RAfs) bgorne

  
  
 

 

 

 
   
    

,' Members of the “implementation of 2t .Cgininittee”
Were» present to hear students' views.“‘and according to— '
Committeeéchair Jim Doellefeld, the goal of the meeting

was “to'provide opporttinities- for students to

because of the added responsibility." said Steve Zirkel,
an M from lndian Quad. ‘-‘lt's a bad cycle because there
will be less RAs to enforce the law.” he added.

Many speakers wereragainst the possibility of ISUNYA

  

 

 
      

 

 

  

 

 

 Grad. student group
‘ passes first of three
-'- : steps to unionization

. By Jim Avery
' The proposed Graduate Students Employees Union
(GSEU) came one step closer to reality this week when
the State Public Employees Relations Board ruled
enough SUNY graduate students had shown interest in

the idea.

Secretary;

assistants (ta’s).

tion would be.

According to PERB Director, Harvey MiloweI bear-
ingswill now be held to determine whether graduate
students are employees and can legally unionize.

“There has been for many months an inquiry as to
whether or not the matter should progress to the hear-
ing stage." said Milowe, adding that “in front of us are
the substantive issues."

“The last two years we’ve been working on a show
of interest." said Bruce Henderson, GSEU St‘ate

When the interest period ended, PERB began throw-
ing out response cards from people who the board did
not consider students. “We had more than 40 percent
but the state tried to throw out as many cards as possi-
ble. We were left with just enough to pass.” said

Henderson. noting the one-third required signatures.
' Currently. the GSEU is an unofficial union for the
4500 graduate students employed statewide as teaching
graduate assistants (ga's). and
research assistants '(ra's). GSEU is barred, however.
‘ from collectively bargaining on behalf of its members.

Many graduate students feel that representation is
needed to collectively deal with issues like wages.
health beneﬁts. job descriptions and grievance

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

J” Lawlgenhe-h ld h ' h managed to "m the 8" Lumen“ keeper their opinion md*¥°-p{mdq,59¢db§¢k 3.11:5 thoﬂ'm"n  “'it‘¢ryg;'¢mpﬁ§‘ Aswan“ to Donﬂa'smmi" “ﬁg: department it is illegal to get another job ”
“ °‘ ‘ e 3m“ w“ a“ 3°“ 5" e' ' ' y ' »~‘ ‘ With shots on goal. as the Dane attack con- feelgbﬂt'the‘  ' 'f_ V age ot'alcohol  up "   ., p esiden‘t of Ionian Quad: Board and chair of lnterquad .. ' ,‘ . . , 3
way." said Dane coach Amy Kidder." but but pSYChOIOglcaHy we V6 1‘  beatlng tinued its nosedive: :.  'were  the RATQIQDQQi Council‘if‘stiideqtewm_are.dld enough to drink will have “Id Henderien' Who works, '“bestUNYA ” Eng“:
psychologically we we really been heating 0 1V 8 s s, “We just ran with their players instead the ‘Zl‘lawj'g'osc'ihlo effebilZMoldihgtoIPWBJenklnsg to goon-campusin Order. td'dosmltisumueh safer’to let Dewtmw}; Y°“ have a “hmf’ch JV”; Wvgnyignh
ourselves." . _ UI'SC - of beating them to the ball,” explained Ragga“ g fermd.,mrmo, “the. _. students  on. campus when they. can walk home. I hypocracy. headded. Most lads oi oi erio. s hw ac
Any psychological edge the Danes might _ Amy K1. d def Kidden “we put ourselves out of ma Middlcmx bml‘umﬂi RA.‘ ﬂuke-“wtmgl “the: than having mam drive drunk an” _ going . is known by the professors an held over their ea 5,
haw enjoyed against LeMoyne last Tues- . . . game. and that doesn't happen if we all ‘ double bindbetween  ofthegdminis‘trgdon   downtown to 4mm": :. hefard. ’ w ‘
day. quickly vanished when Dane mid- ‘ "we have to realize that we're not gomg It was a different story statistically when run for every ball so that we can either win enforcing law.‘aiidfellow.‘sttidentsi.  “ j T. ' Jeffzellan. another student. said. my felt that «me ' We don t have any health beneﬁts. le go without
fielder Cheryl chsen 5 goal of an indirect to score everytime down." Kidder said. the Daneshosted St. Lawrence last Friday, the ball or force them to make a -."'"Must‘t!te-‘RA stomhe‘drinkingof'i‘it “Merits, under age ' . drinking-339w“ raised to 19 to get alcohol and the dc“?”°h“k'“m'n°y°,3mm and G°d he F W“ your
luck tied the score at H. but was disallow- “but you really need to score on but the 4-0 ﬁnal score look-ed familiar. turnover." 21- byletiforcingtheiaw.“ willvtheRAlookswayandlet high. schools. and to cut down on. the drunk driving that We “W’s. "I" said Hgnderg’n‘. f i .
cd because the ball was not touched by breakaways." . Albany again fell victim to early goals as A maligned offense and a 3-6 record students yiolateﬁthelawTF-gsked lenkinyaddlng’f‘what results. Now that the purchasingageis going up to 21,the 9'“: local ',ssuc.w’."°ht gosful'sé'zf"  "8 "5
another player before entering the net. Lazarides hammered out eight. gof St. Lawrence’s M'oida White registered the can't keep Kidder from looking ahead to willbe'the roleot‘ theRAandiyhatlklhds’Ofmesspges Will. law is defeating itspui’pose.'."He added that, f.‘the 21 law , “mind” on B Parkms' 6 EU cc 5 m. s' k. 5' an
-u()ne of my players was right there and Albany’s 15 shots on goal. but her failure eventul game-winner at 6345 of the ﬁrst the playoffs, however. 11¢ 61. sh, “Net anaemia, which”, way they a“M... . y will inqem drunk dawns. use students will 00min“; RA a should be granted faculty or st f par mg. 1‘.
said the keeper touched ll, but they took it to convert on the breakaway was indicative hall and Jean Southwick added a pair “We have a lot of talent here. but we pct“, Ram on Alum Quid, ’W' With 3 'to‘dﬂnk,“v ‘ ~. . i V
away.“ argued Kidder, but the ruling held. or a hardluck offense that has not scored before halftime. 21> Jenkins  i . that i‘mv¢°md.not haveto play \4' v . Mike Covielll, a studenton lndian Quad. gave a per- '
. policeofficer ltisanllA’s iobtobuild communitymnd: j ~ ‘ .,  V _ 18> V
Lane s goa ea 5 rena Froslrdrspersa ,gexs Mlxe revrews
By Cathy Errlg disallowed by the officials. I‘  v’ ‘ _  ‘ ' r_ r “  ‘1‘: :1 ‘ g " . -‘ ' '_ ‘ A 1' ‘ ”
.k‘lAFlJit’ltllli'K “Ours shouldn‘t have been called,‘ g’gwﬁﬂummm   a  am"   “Coﬁgiiialdgﬁgd
't: ‘ ‘  '  .u' . ' , _.  - ‘.r ‘- in)" . . . 3
After a string ol frustrating games in said loos. When a shot on the‘goal is If Indian Quad seems noisier and : Eliminating. a freshman “ﬁrms, .whc added that he doesn’t mm m
Wthh lh‘c Albany n'wn 5 mm" mam take". you Fan 1 be calledttoffs’des' h State quieter this year it's probably done with several intentions in mind all.
   "which cost the because Residential Life decided to said Marlene. “First off. it rive: JeffSandler- afresth 0" Dutch
weekend with a l-l tie with Potsdam ' Danesagoal occured in the second half integrate first,,year students ontoall freshman more upperclass role Quad asrecd that "Vina with up'
Saturday and a 1-0 Win Over Sienu “Eric Cifucntes was taken down and five quads, starting this sememster. models; and it also spreads the en- Derelﬂssmcn has beneﬁts. “You can
‘“ Cilcrday improving the leamS‘ record 'l‘ilinn picked the ball up " said loos Eliminating the “freshman quad" thusiasm that freshman bring‘to learn a lot about the school from
lye-34H. ' “That‘s leng under the advantage rule; was a decision made by athe campus throughout the quads." ' talking with upperclassmen about
“We'd outplayed teams before. but but the referee called a foul. lt‘ he'd let Rpfsldtentia'lokifvtagheaccoadén‘go :10 1hThis)yzggzjcgdin‘ghzo‘xftowé gasses and Places to so out. he
. . u ,. , , ~ n ,' .- .. \ leg I. n a ' _’ e‘prp ' i .
i233”  fob: l("H'wussﬂdvzi’y  I:‘fiﬂsapclElsinzﬂélzipttali‘in  fifltlc  ductedoa two month research period have 52 percent freshmen on State Howcvcr. Sandler added that 11V-
l'itistratin i we‘re very happy about the I asked the ref about the call and he ad: 7 ‘ ~ in which we looked into the beneﬁts this year as compared to 72 percent ins With ll“ fr03h W00"! PI'ObﬂblY
~l~ win" 3‘ miticd to it being poorjudgbmcnt.” ' and negative aspects of having a in 1984. 36 percent freshmen on Cfeﬂleﬂmendnﬂ ﬁlmOBPhCW f0”!!-
“'Wc dorliiitatcd the game it was a l‘resbic did have a hand in the games' freshman quad,’f he said. Dutch as compared to 29 percent last 00mins studcnts.
good wln " said co~cnptuin 'l‘lhan only goal. which was scored by ' Martens explained the idea of year. 35 percent on Colonial s com- Another reason for dispersing the
l’rcshic ot' ilighicnu game. “We played sophomore Kenny Lune 78:24 into the eliminating the fresh quad had not pared to 29 percent last year. 27 per- fresh. 50Wth 10 Mano“. W39 (0
more hi it icssured against them its gznnc l’resbic picked up the assist. The beenaprlorlty until 1984 because the cent on Indian as compared with 20 lower the noise level on State Quad.
()pposcdglo I:heway we played against Dunes made 16 shots on the Slcna goal. proportions of first year stories on percent last year and 27 percent on "We have not had askmun); problems
.p Union. \Nt.‘ didn't sit back and wall for against It for their opponent. Dane . lgaqugflwg “5V” 307§igh.";;h: as :ST‘SSl‘Cd to 30 percent fer; 5:21:23 lygzgtl'io 3012‘s: and u.
.,  ..  d” , . rte uawat.pen . . ,_ - -
A lhglt‘ll‘icugiiiluwl; usbcorclcss for the first  Agiffgogiighgg 2:1 ilgii‘tehrilm , , . . , '3 ,  V freshman.” he said. in past years, Although the upperclassmen are f The assignment‘of fruit to dlf- . g ‘ ,-
hulf. with both [cums scoring one off “We clearly dominated the second "h." Pm.“ I a I V _ v  ‘» “ Colonial Quad and State Qutid hilt: mind‘s"! “13;: goﬂv'lmml'llgi'ﬁlai}; dmswﬁaxaér‘grgﬁxdihagﬁ ~ aucuntaolt use
sides soul apiece. goals that were 21» o occ- an aulst In the Danes shutout against Blane; ﬂagella“tnzoﬁrsmzce’ngsgét‘ :03: form: “311:1 mm “mm” H _ V _ g 5’ am“ Handgun"

 

  

 

