  

   

\.

‘l

 ‘ A‘LBA'NY STUDENT PRESS Cl. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, I985 . .

 
   
    
 
 
      
      
   
    
   
  
   

to FREE...

It’s Exotic . . . Sizzling. . . Seductive . . .
0 It’s Downright Irresistible .  .
¢ It’s Spring Break in Ft. Lauderdale
And you can get there by celebrating

SUNY at Albany’s newest rave:

“I Q COFFEE WEEK”

During the week long coffee party, UAS will feature FREE exotic coffee
drinks, contests, live entertainment, food, fun, and excitment. All of this is
designed to spawn your natural born creative abilities. You see, the Coffee
House in the Campus Center Rathskellar doesn’t have a name. UAS invites
you to sample America’s “Think Drink” and to develop an original name for
the Coffee House. The winner will “Fly Away With Coffee” to sunny Ft.
Lauderdalel!

  
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  

  
 

STOP BY:

    

   
 

November 18
1:00 - 4:00 SUNY COFFEE DAY
featuring: —— FREE gourmet hot & iced coffee
—~ fascinating face design painting
— buttons, bumper "ickers. literature, and morell
7» enter the "Name l‘he Coffeehouse” contest and win a trip to FLORIDA during
Spring Brpnm
9:00 - 12:00 MONDAY NIGHT t-OU'I‘BALL IRISH COFFEE PARTY
featuring: ' ~ NY Giants vs. Washington Redskins

—— FREE Irish Coffee drinks
—--~ Cheese ‘N' Crackers
— enter the “Name The Coffeehouse" contest and win a trip to FLORIDA during

   
 

    

  
 
 
  
  
  
 

Spring would
November P)
1:00 - 4:00 COFFEE AWARENESS DAY
featuring: — scrumptious Swiss Chocolate Almond coffee

 

—- big screen coffee movies

m buttons. bumper stickers, literature, and more!!

— enter the “Name The Coffeehouse” contest and win a trip to FLORIDA during
Spring Break!

   
 
   
 
  
  
 

November 20
1:00 « 4:00 LATIN AMERICAN COFFEE DAY
featuring:  FREE Colombian Supremo & Brazilian Santos coffee
7 ~ Latin American Dance Party with live Latin band
~~ luscious Latin pasteries
7 ~ enter the “Name The Coffeehouse" contest and win a trip to FLORIDA during
Spring Break!

  
  
  

November 2 I
1:00 a 4:00 FLY AWAY WITH COFFEE
featuring: is create your own coffee dessert beverage with Kahlua and assorted toppings.
 live jazz music
NAME THE COFFEEHOUSE WINNER TO BE CHOSEN AT 3:00

DON'T MISS IT!
“  ALL HAPPENS AT THE CAMPUS CENTER RATHSKELLAR

    
  
   
 

  
 

NAME The Coffeehouse Come" musics accepted Nov. 1820

 

o
4
‘0

 

 

    
 
  

 

    

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER ibL-‘Ibs's‘D‘AiaANi' STUDENT Mass Sports 25 I

 

Albany women boaters conclude season at 8-8

By Marc Paseltlner

The Albany State women's soccer team
reached its goal this year as they finished
the season at .500. By improving their
record from a previous 5-10 in 1984 to 8-8
this year, the Danes continued to take a
step in the right direction as they became a
team that could not be taken lightly.

The Danes were primarily a team of
youth. made up primarily of sophomores
and freshmen. But what the team lacked in
experience was compensated by their raw

‘ talent on the ﬁeld.

The team’s inability to put the ball in the
net was the primary reason Albany didn’t
win a few more games. The offense was led
by two players, sophomore forward Joan-
na Lazarides and freshman forward Joan
McNamara, and that wasn’t always
enough.

The Danes were far from pushovers this
season as evidenced by close losses to
Hartwick and Ithaca, two ECAC playoff
bound teams. The biggest win of the year
came against Nazareth College in the
NYSAIAW tournament when the Danes
emerged victorious by a 4-3 margin.

The impact of Lazarides and McNamara
shows in that they accounted for 21 of the
Danes’ 28 total goals this season.
McNamara, a freshman from Bayside, was
the Danes’ leading goalscorer with 12, ty~
ing the school record for goals in a season.
Lazarides’ nine goals upped her career
total to 16, and her 22 total career points
(goals and assists combined) surpasses An-
na Courtney’s scoring record of 16 goals
and four assists.

While the statistics show that
McNamara and Lazarides scored most of
the goals, it was a team effort that brought
Albany to a respectable finish in 1985.

Nowhere was that team effort more evi-
dent than in the case of Mary Dulkis. The
sophomore midﬁelder from Maryland,
NY. did not score many goals, but her

booming corner kicks generated assists on
many of her teammates’ goals.

Kidder described Dulkis as “the
backbone of the team,” landing her ability
to make things happen in‘ways that don’t
show up in the statistics.

The mainstays of the Dane defense were
co-captains senior Laura McGrath, a pro-
duct of Youngston, NY, and Sharon

Yablonski, a junior from Suffern. NY.

The other co-captain, midfielder Kim
Kosalek, helped spur the Danes’ offense
with three goals, while stabilizing the mid-
dle on defense as well.

The Danes goal was guarded by three
different goalies this past season. With a
mid-season injury forcing Maureen Keller

Grapplers defend Classic title

<Baek Page

sial 8-7 semi-final match. He then won his
next two bouts, including a 5-4 win over
Oneonta's Darle Miller. last year’s Classic
Champ, to place third.

Balog’s semi-final match was equally
tough, as he was narrowly defeated, 6—4.
He then overpowered Central Connec-
ticut’s Dan Wetzel, 5-1, to take third
place.

Fox, whose second place ﬁnish equaled
his last year’s performance. reached the
final after having won a close semi-final
bout. 6—4. getting the winning take-down
with only seven seconds remaining in the
final period. Springfield’s Kevin
Castagnola, who had placed in the Divi-
sion II NCAAs last year, defeated Fox,
5-2. in the ﬁnal.

Unfortunately. Pidel’s fourth place
finish was not without a price, as he suf-
fered an elbow injury in his second wrestle-
back. The injury will probably keep the
177 1b. co-captain out of Tuesday's match
against Potsdam. '

At 190, Sabo, the Nebraska transfer.
had an easier time of it, as unattached
Steve Satzman forfeited the ﬁnal match.

“Satzman got pretty beat up in an
earlier match against Matt Ryan," said
DeMeo, “and I guess he knew how tough
Jake is and decided not to wrestle."

For heavyweight champ Tironi, wrestl-
ing teammate Ivan “The Terrible" Katz
was.just that. *

“Terrible”, said Tironi. “I know
everything he does, and he knows
everything I do. That’s why we didn’t do
much of anything in the match."

DeMeo was encouraged by the perfor-
mances of the Dane freshmen grapplers.

"We had a few guys with some big
wins,’.’ said DeMeo. “Andy Gordon and
Pete Andrew at 118, Dave Pause and Paul
Presser at 134, Chris Celenza and Ben
Lerner at 142 and Mike Simon at 167 all
show promise. That's great for our
future.”

The Danes immediate future features a

Danes blank Wagner

427

but remarkably Donnelly made the grab
and ran the rest of the way for a
touchdown.

“When I put it up," said Milano. “I
knew it was either a touchdown or an
interception. ’ ’

From there the Danes were on their way.
Matt Karl made his second big interception
in as many weeks. setting the Danes up at
the Seahawk nine-yard line after a 23-yard
return. Milano ran four yards to the five,
and Staten Island native Ceasar Revano
did the rest. He took Milano’s pitch, turn-
ed the corner and rambled into the end
zone.

The Danes scored a safety in the fourth
quarter when Bo Murphy blocked a punt
and it’landed out of the end zone.

to watch from the sidelines, the job was
then split between Karen Campbell and
Jean Tierney.

The Danes will be handicapped by the
loss of McGrath to graduation and
Lazarides to transfer. but the respectabili-
ty established by the host of youngsters
will be strengthened now that they have a
year’s experience under their belts. D

dual match against Potsdam tonight, and
RP] on Thursday at 8:00 pm. at the
University Gym.

“This is a young team,” said Fox. “sol
wouldn’t make any predictions at this
point. But we've go a lot of great guys.
especially in the higher weights. This
season, we’ll be very strong in the heavy
weights."

“Right now. we’re strong in eight
weights,” said DeMeo. “We’ve got a lot ,4
of improving to do. We’ve got potential to
have a great lineup at the end, and we
won't be bad in the middle either. " D

Meanwhile, Wagner’s offense was bafﬂ-
ed. The Danes were utilizing on goal line
defense on ﬁrst and second down, forcing
Wagner into thrid and long.” Underwood
gained just 30 yards in the second half.

“He (Underwood) would’ve been tough
to stop on a dry track," admitted Ford.

“He was unpredictable." said another
Staten Island native Frank Sarcone. “He
doesn’t look big. but when he comes at
you, he kicks your ass.”

Saturday. Albany State did the kicking.
But on Sunday morning, the NCAA com-
mittee did some butt kicking of their own.
PAW PRINTS: LB Scott Dmitrenko led
both teams with 15 tackles... Dave Soldini,
from Tuttenville High School gained 77
yards on 19 carries. El

 

 

 

University Auxiliary
Services Announces
LLIC KY NUMBERS GENE

The winner

dinner for two
featuring
.- Shrimp Cocktail.
 Sirloin Steak, and,

 

'F- Lobster Tails  j.

Dinner will be served
to you in your quad
dining room

receives a

 

 

 

Stote&lndionqucd- Nov,19dinner
Filden &Brubucher-Nov.21 dinner

 

 

 

SIGN LIP NOW FOR‘
HMIH / 6cm

 

 

BOWLING

 

INTRHMURHL

CONTEST

 

 

 

 

WINNING TEFIM WILL GO TO THE
REGIONHLS IN THE SPRING!

SIGN LIPS END ﬁDDITIONﬁL

 

mro FiVFIILﬁBLE IN THE ‘

BOWLING ﬁLLEY. v}
(LOCﬁTED BEHIND

THE RHTHSKELLER) a

 

 

'.\.\.\'.'a‘\'.'. s m - -

  

