 

vi

      
   

b

 

 

.n amen,- mw mus nu stu$-£‘A‘I.vrri{£h"lﬂl‘*fzlwlmhn} rung“

1 6 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D TUESDAY, JANUAR Y 29, I985

 

' * IF YOU ARE A GROUP ‘7
LEADER- _
THIS ONES FORM 

Please pick up your Budget Request Packets ‘
at 5.151. Beginning Ian 30

FORMS ARE DUE NO LATER THAN”
FEB.15 at 5:00 3.111.
in the 5.1L OFFICE (CC 116) 7

ANY GROUP NOT SUBMITTING A BUDGET
REQUEST BY 11:13.15 WILL NOT BE FUNDED FOR
THE 1985-86 YEAR! ‘

(So please for your groups sake get the forms in)
FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL

 

 

 

 

 

9 A. Funded

 

 

JEFFE—Iéﬁme’BS)
  ,   .

l

 
 
  

l ‘ Task force

.-Lgt.  .Iu 

 

 

 

A division of FEDERATED DEPARTMENT STORES, Inc. ‘

 

The Children’s Place Will Be Recruiting At . ,
The State University of New York at Albany on March 5th

The company: The Children's Place, which began as a single store in an entrepreneurial
venture 16 years ago, is today the nation's largest chain of specialty clothing
storesfor children. Known In the retail industry as a progressive, dynamic
organization, The Children’s Place is actively recruiting men and women who

can quickly prepare themselves to accept upper management responsibilities.

Our standards are high, but so are the chances for rapid advancement. Right
now, The Children’s lace has more than 135 stores in 23 states, and our current
strategy calls for 20 to 25 new stores each year.This corporate expansion will
create an Immediate need for bright, aggressive. promotable executives.

Growth and Strength:

0

 

Standards:

What kind of men and women are we seeking for our executive development
program? We look for individuals who have proven themselves through high
academic achievement, extra-curricular Involvement. and successful
employment experiences and who are willing to make a strong commitment as a
contemporary business executive.

Starting salary levels are highly competitive. and the company has a salary
review program designed to compensate employees in light of their Job

performance. Benefits inciudel employee discount. comprehensive medlcai/
dental/lite/vlsion insurance. and a tuition reimbursement program.

Compensation:

 

Students must submitresumes to the Career Development Center by February
12, 1985 for an on-campus interview. Further information about The Children's ‘
Place is available at the Career Development Center. if you are unable to see us
when we are on campus, contact us directly by writing Ms. Debbie C. Littlejohn
Director of Human Resource Management, at our Pine Brook. N.J. headquarters:

interviews:

 

Equal Opportunity Employer M/F

 

' saidi, with the next meeting on

 

 

25‘Riverside Drive, Pine-Brook. New Jersey 07058 (201) 227-8900 

 

 Disability’can behandi

By liene‘Weinsteln .
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

While most college students find it dif-
ﬁcult applying for ﬁnancial aid, disabled
students wanting to go away to school ﬁnd
it doubly difﬁcult, according to SUNYA
Director of Disabled Student Services
Nancy Belowich. .

“Having a disability incurs more ex-
penses than most people have to deal
with." explained Belowich. Disabled peo-
ple have to pay for prosthetics,
wheelchairs, canes. and attendants, she
said. adding, companies feel disabled peo-
ple will “pay anything to get products to
make life easier for them.” '

Out of the 100 disabled students now at-
tending SUNYA. between 30 percent and
40 percent 'of them are receiving federal
and~state aid for their personal care,
Beiowich said.

Financial aid for disabled students
comes in the form of federal and state en-
titlements from the Supplemental Security
Income Program, the Ofﬁce of Vocational
Rehabilitation, the Ofﬁce of Social Ser-
vices, and the Commission for the Blind
and Visually Handicapped. '

“The standards are tremendously
unrealistic." Beiowich said, adding all
government entitlements are linked
together. “If you are eligible for one type
of aid, you are eligible for all. If you are
not eligible for one, you are not eligible for

Karly,” said Belowich. »
Economic need is a major factor for aid, »

explained Thomas Paduano, Regional

Coordinator for the Office of-Vocational'

Rehabilitationwvll). “A person must

have a disability that‘bars the individual
from entering into employment," he ‘

continued. .

The Ofﬁce of Vocational Rehabilitation
is a division of the New York State Depart-
ment of Education. The agency receives 80

    

TUESDA v. JANUAR Y 29. I985 crummy STUDENT ﬁness‘i'?

fectcd his agency. “Our funding has rc-'
mained fairly constant." he said, however
caps have been placed on some funds. In
l982. caps limiting aid for room and board
at $26 a week and setting tuition at $1500
 year were put in place.

Acap was placed on personal care atten-
dants in 1983, explained Paduano, adding
that attendants care is allotted by hours.
“The maximum hours allotted is now 40,"
he said. Before 1983, attendant hours were

 

“If aid gets reduced an y further, many
(disabled) students will not be able to attend

school away from heme. ”

—Sandra Lamb

 

percent of its funding from the federal
government and 20 percent from the state.
Paduano said.

Many government programs have been
slashed, said Belowich. adding that these
programs are not a priority of the Reagan
administration.

According to Paduano. budget cuts dur-
ing the present administration have not af-

unlimited.

Disabled students need anywherc bet-
ween 10 and 120 hours of personal care,
said Bclowich. “Different students have
different abilities. Some students can only
do the brainwork involved in going to col-
lege," she added.

“Mdst attendants are paid minimum
wage." said Belowich. who added that
some students need nursing or para-

capi’fn‘VstUdentaid qUGSt

professional care which can cost around $6
an hour.

Disabled students must ﬁnd other
resources to make up for the loss of aid
from OVR, said Sandra Lamb, a disabled
student at SUNYA. Other state agencies
like the Office of, Social Services often try

, to “pick up where OVR left off." she said.

‘flf aid gets reduced any further, many.
students will not be able to attend school
away from home,” Lamb said, adding
that getting aid is becoming an ever-
incrcasing problem for disabled students.

“Disabled people not only have to con-
sider the problems of ﬁnances, but most
also consider accessibility," Beiowich said.
“Not all colleges are accessible to the
disabled," she added.

Blind students also ﬁnd it necccssary to
retain paid readers, said Beiowich. $500
per year is paid out by the Education
Department for each student, but "the
money usually runs out in the ﬁrst week of
October." she said.

This amount was legislated by the State
Assembly in the l940’s, explained Robert
Ross, manager of the Commission for
Blind and Visually Handicapped, a divi—
sion of the Department of Social Services.
Ross‘ commission will supplement the
allotment given out by the Education
Department. But, explained Ross, “most
people do not know about our sup-
plements." El

 

<18
attention to me.
The Transitions Sub-
committee. Schoonmakcr said, is
studying the best ways to bring
new students into the University,
including an improved orienta-
_ tion and expanded summer plann-
7. ing sessions. involvement of
'3: alumni, and special attention to
the often,.neglectcd..probiems:of..- a. .r
the transfer students and return-
ing’studcntsr ‘ ‘ ‘ ' ’ ’ "

Cathy LaSusa, student
memeber of the Student Satisfac-
tion Sub-committee, reportcd- '
that her group is, working on a 30
question addition to at SUNY
Chancellor-mandated Student
Services Survey aimed directly at
Albany students.

The primary focus of the
survey. she said, is on the non-
academic aspects of student life.
and will aid the sub-committee in
the deveolpment of new programs
to ﬁll student needs, as well as in.
assessing the effectiveness of cur-
rent programs.

The Program Development
Sub-committee. the only sub-
committee without a student
member, will work to isolate the

I key causes of stress in students,
‘ and create means to deal with
them, Schoonmakcr said.

The Task Force will be meeting
once a month, Schoonmakcr

December 6th. The Sub~
committees will determine their
own schedules, and, she added,
meet more often then once a
month. 2 l

A series of informal facul-
ty/student luncheons has already
been initiated, with weekly get-
togethers being held in the
Patroon Room, and the Program
Development Subcommittee is in-
vestigating primary causes of stu-
dent stress with an eye towards
developing programs to help
students manage stress, Schoon-
maker said.

In addition, a student satisfac-
tion survey will be undertaken in
March as part of a SUNY-wide
Campus Life investigation, and a
Student Advisory Committee has
been set up to increase student

r

 

Grumman Data Systems
Carper-anion

Computer Science, Engineering

and Math Graduates
CAMPUS INTERVIEWS

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1985

' Grumman Data Systems Corporation. a national company headquartered on Long
island. New York. integrates software and hardware into custom solutions for
managing information. We are a systems company providing customers with a full
line of support services including design. development. installation. integration.
operation and maintenance. As a leader in the information sciences industry, we offer
excellent career opportunities for Computer Science; Engineering or Math
graduates (with a Computer Science minor) or equivalent course work. At the entry

level. you may become involved with challenging assignments in:

0 Hardware and Software Engineering
6 Systems Development

0 Telecommunications -
0 Software Design and Development

Grumman Data Systems works with a wide variety of software languages and
operating systems. We are involved with advanced manufacturing technologies.
mathematical modeling. supercomputers. telecommunications. graphics and
simulation technology. The company sponsors research and development
laboratories in Ada software development. machine intelligence. graphics and fault
tolerance systems. With one of the most extensive computer inventories in the nation.
we provide professinai growth opportunities for the recent graduate through formal

and on-the-job training.

Find out more about career possibilities with a company that‘s at the forefront of the
software and systems explosion. Meet with our representatives when we visit SUNY
Albany. Thursday, February 14. Register for an interview at the Career Planning

and Placement Ofﬁce now.

If you are unable to meet with us when we're on campus. Please forward your resume

to: Mr. Frank Mandioott, College Relations Dept,
GRUMMAN DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION

20 Crossways Park North

Woodbury. NY 11797

WWW

CUSTOM 50!.UTIONS

U.S. tlzens lpRequi

An E uai rtunity Ergttfioyer

r Managing information

HUMMAN

 

 

participation. she said. El

  

