 

Author Robert Parker: Runner. weight lifter. best-sellingﬁtrmer literature professor

The Story Behind Spenser

Life imitates art, but only up to a point. Example: Robert B.
Parker, the author behind the Boston private eye known as
Spenser. issitting itt a restaurant across thestreet from Boston police
headquarters. Theirony seems too good tobetrue, and ofcourseit is.
TheGrill 23 is not the kind ofplacecops cometoaftershift change. It
is tlte kind of place tltat has white linen on the tables attd well-
polished stentware. Further irony: Parker is drinking a light beer.
Spenser wouldn‘t be caugltt dead drinking light beer. He is. to use a
pltrase Parker cribs front D. H. Lawrence, “hard, isolate, stoic and
alone.“ Heis also sontething ofa food sttob, attd Parkeristt't. But this
is precisely the point, theone Parker tired ofmaking eight years ago:
he is not Spenser. and Spenser is not he.

Unfortunately, identiﬁcation with one‘s character is the price of
fame—and fame is what Spenser itas brought to his 52-year-old cre-
ator. Parker ltas, itt his own words, “broken through the ceiling"
that separates mystery writers from the mass market. Spenser has
been called "the very exemplar of the species" by The New York
Times. Kirkus Reviews says that Spenser is “as tough as they come
and spiked with a touch of real class.“ There is a Spenser TV movie
attd prime-time series in the works, and the l2th Spenser novel, “A
Catskill Eagle.“ is conting out in June. Spenser has arrived, and
dragged Parker along.

Parker likes this, tttostly. He‘s proud ofthe work. and grateful for
its success, but he chafes a little at the comparisons between author
and character. “I know better than anyotte that Spenscr's not a real
person." he says. "But I identify very strongly with the people to
whom he mattersagreat deal. Phillip Marlowe meant agreat deal to
me when I was growing up. The ﬁrst time I went to Los Angelcs—I
was in my 30s—l looked up Phillip Marlowe itt the phone bookjust
to see ifthere was one. I knew there wasn‘t, but [did it anyway."

It was the kind of gesture Spenser would appreciate—a small
homage to the great American private eye created by Raymond
Chandler. There'sa lot ofMarlowe itt Spenser. Like Marlowe, he is a

J4

romantic and a loner. He has few friends; the
closest is Hawk, a black strong-arm artist.
Like Marlowe, Spenser is tough. "The guy
likes to bang," says Parker. “If he were a
running back, he‘d be John Riggins." He is
also smart and drop-dead cool.

English looked at me with his eye:
narrowed for a minute, and then he
said, “Yon ’0' better leave. "

“Okay by me. "lsaid, “but remem-
ber what I told you. If you are holding
out on me. l'llﬁml out, and I'll come
back. If you knowsomethingand don 7
tell me, I will ﬁnd out, and I will hurt
you. "

He stood and opened the study door.

“A man in my position has re-
sources, Spenser. ”He was still squint-
ing at me. I realized that was his tough
look.

“Not enough, “ I said, and walked
off down the hall and out the front
door.

—“Looking for Rachel Wallace"

JAMES CACCAVHCTUNE GROUP

Finally, this: like Marlowe, Spenser is a
man of honor in u dishonorable world.
When he says he will do something, it is
done. Period. The dialogue zings and there is plenty ofﬁst-crunch-
ing action in the Spenser novels, but it is this moral element that sets
them above most detective ﬁction. Says Parker, “Spenser sees a
random universe, so he tries to make his segment ofit as orderly as
he can. There are no codes of behavior available to guide hint—t0
guide any of us, by implication-—so he chooses a system of behavior
arbitrarily, and he sticks to it when it's tough. If you do it in the
face of danger, we know you‘re serious. We may not know that
you‘re right, but we know you mean it." In this, Parker says,
Spenser is pretty close to “theelassic American hero—from “Leath-
erstocking' on—who, ﬁnding society somewhat corrupt, has to
remain outside of it."

It is a measure of Parker's erudition that this kind oflalk doesn‘t
sound silly. His conversation is peppered with references to Faulk-
ner, Twain and Herman Melville (the phrase “A Catskill Eagle"

_ comes from “Moby Dick“), and it‘s
 RﬁBEHTBgPABKER

easy to picture him as the college-lit
t" ' '
UN' 
.1. I; (  i ,
x

teacher he once was. It is harder to
. 4‘ ‘ '
b.1010-
r . - o 4 i

see him as a writer ofad copy for an
insurance contpany, which he also
once was. He took that job after
graduating from Colby College and
soldiering two years itt Korea. It
didn't last long. ("I resign," he
wrote one day. “Looking back over
my years with the compatty, I note
there have been three ofthem.") At
30, Parker enrolled in a doctoral
program at Boston University. By
the time lie was 3‘). he had taught
English at three schools, ﬁnally
coating to rest at Nortlteastertt.
The students tltere liked him—a

DELACORTE PRE

New novel: Drop-(lent! cool

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY I935

 

pollinthecampus paperin 1973
named him one of the school‘s
best teachers—but Parker was
not crazy about academia. “I
found my colleagues to be dis-
tasteful, and there weren‘t that
many students who wanted to
learn anything," hesays. “I used
to work out at the weight room
at Northeastern, so a lot of the
kids there tltought I was one
of them. In my class on ‘The
Mythic Nature ofthe American
Hero,‘ there were l8 guys who
looked like pilot whales."

t4l,boredandcranky,life-

long Chandler fan Robert
Parker decided to try his hand at
a detective novel. Hethought up
a mystery called “The Godwulf
Manuscript,“ set it on a campus
not unlike Northeastem’s, and
named his hero David Spenser
(he dropped the ﬁrst name after
his wife pointed out that their
adolescent sons, David attd
Daniel, were likely to disagree
about whether or not it was a
good choice). “The Godwulf
Manuscript" was sold to a pub-
lisher in 1974 in just three
weeks. As Parker recalls, he got
a $2,000 advance and no royal-
ties. Tlte book sold about 6,000
copies. He wouldn't quit his
teaching job for another four
years, but it was astart. Mystery
fans began passing his books
from hand to hand. A yearlong
series of paperback reissues in
1983 added to his reputation. By
I984, with “Valediction,” Par-
ker had broken through the ceil-
ittg. He was proﬁled in People
magazine. He was a star.

For the most part, though.
fame has not changed Robert
Parker. He still lifts weights,
runs several miles and writes
live pages every day, takes pleas-
ure in his family. His two sons
are grown—one is an actor and
the other a dancer—so Parker
and his wife, Joan, recently
moved from suburban Lynn-
ﬁeld into 11 Cambridge condo—
minium. He still writes on a bat-
tered old Royal typewriter and
has no plans to buy a word proc-
cssor. He also has no plans to
send Spenser to the old detec-
tives‘ home. “I‘m proud of the
books," he says ﬁrmly. “I think
they're terriﬁc. I think they‘re
art. I plan to do this until I die.
Or until they stop paying me for
it, whichever comes ﬁrst."

lllLI.ll/\ROI.

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/MAY l‘MiS

Kassir: A tragtumm. talent

Comedy Champ
Makes Good

It‘s a strange odyssey for an
aspiring comedian. John Kassir
had been working as a stand-up
comic for only six months when
a talent scout spotted him and
asked him to appear on Ed
McMahon‘s new amateur-hour
TV show, “Star Search." A few
months later he was the show‘s
comedy champion, holding a
$100,000 check in his hand. To-
day Kassir, a 1980 graduate of
Maryland‘s Towson State, is
costarring in an off-Broadway
musical called “3 Guys Naked
From the Waist Down," ashow
about the tribulations ofprofes-
sional funny men. In his ﬁrst
three trips across stage, Kassir
doesn‘t say a word. Yet be main—
ages to bring down the house
every time.

Kassir looks like a cross be-
tween Gene Wilder and Saint
Francis of Assisi. His hair falls
in brown ringlets, his ivory skin
accents a ﬁne-boned nose and
large dark eyes, his manner is
gentle, sensitive. Yet when he‘s
onstage, he's a natural comic.
Kassir‘s forte is physical ltumor.
His body is as loose as a rag doll.
and his limbs often betray hint,
as itt a sketch where a gloved
hand suddenly appears up
through his parka, itt front ofltis
face. His characterin “3 Guys,“
Kenny Brewster, is reminiscent
of Harpo Marx. l-le seldom
speaks but communicates a sad
desire to be part of tlte world;
durittg the sltow, he hysterically

[3mm KASStR

 

and desperately portrays char-
acters ranging from Godzilla to
afrigidcatinheat,thecrewfrom
“StarTrek” and Marlin Perkins
from “Mutual omeaha‘s Wild
Kingdom.“ For the part of
Brewster, “I had to tap a part of
my childhood," says Kassir,
whogrcw up in Baltimore. “Asa
kid, I was better understood
when Ijoked arouttd."

Since “3 Guys," Kassir has
been Offered a variety of stage,
screen and TV roles, but there
are drawbacks to his sudden
popularity. “It‘s easy to become
very lonely in this business,“ he
says. “People start putting de-
mands on you that you can‘t
fulﬁll, they crawl out of the
woodwork attd say you owe
them tltis or that." At the mo-
ment Kassir still hasn't decided
on his next move. “One hundred
thousand dollars in no way
makes you rich,“ he points out.
“‘Star Search‘ gave me a lot of
exposure, and this show has giv-
en me credibility. I‘mjust look-
ing forward to steady work.“

EMILY llENEmiK

A Fun Tour
Of America

“Jean Shepherd‘s America."
a l3-part series now airing on
PBS, is the TV equivalent of a
provocative survey course givctt
by a folksy professor. Part
Charles Kuralt, part Monty Py-
thon. Shepherd forges a vision
ofAmcrica that chronicles the
country‘s grcasc, glory and
glitz. We see tourist sltops over-
ﬂowing with plastic toys, con-
template the vastness ofAlaska

and cruise aboard a yacht—“a
boat that doesn‘t do anything.“
In one segment. the camera
pans across a $10,000 bill.
"Why don‘t youjust reach out
and touch the screen,“ Shep-
herd gently urges. “Get down
on your knees. Friend, andjust
kiss the screen ifyou ltavc to."

Each half-hour episode ex-
plores a place (Indianapo-
lis, Death Valley, Okefenokee
Swamp) where Shepherd plays a
role (car lover, desert wanderer,
swamp man), often in costume.
“Thelocalescts upawholetrain
of thoughts about what you‘re
going to do,“ he says. Tltc show
may offer too matty neon signs,
but it deftly celebrates Shep-
herd's quirky humor, which he
aptly distinguishes front come-
dy. “Comedy is manufactured.“
he says. “You catt have joke
writers write comedy. But hu-
morissomethingthatcontesout
of your own particular view-
point." That viewpoint has
been honed in novels, one-man
shows attd most popularly in
his impressionistic, free-form

tnottologues that were heard on
late-night radio for 20 years.
As always, Shepherd writes
all his material, which probably
explains its occasional ttncvcu-
tress. But it also testiﬁes to his
commitment to TV. “Public
television could use a few
luuglts," says Shcpltcrd. and the
viewers seem to be laughing
along with him. The ﬁrst edition
of “Jean Shepherd's America"
was repeated an uncommon
three times on PBS—a schedule

cqttaled only by Julia Child.
MARK l). UlillHNt}

J5

 

 

 

