  

Quality students

Ray Priore has been the captain of SUNYA’s foot~
ball team. When he. graduates. he’d like to teach
business and coach football at a high school
somewhere.

Priore is also a student in SUNYA's Business Educa-
tion program. which the administration is thinking of
cutting because they reportedly feel the program at-
tracts lower quality students and is seen by many as a
‘dumping ground’ for business school rejects.

Perhaps the administration ought to give Priore and
his peers a second look. According to Business Educa-
tion faculty member Royann Blodgett. the program
draws excellent students, many of whom do actually go
into teaching. _

There are only two SUNY masters ')rograms in
Business Education. and Albany offers one of'them.
making it a major supplier of business education facul-
ty statewide. The Business Education program’s facul-
ty gets calls year round seeking Albany graduates to fill
teaching positions in business. There are some
superintendents, Blodgett says. who won't even call
anyone else until they've checked to see if an Albany
graduate is available.

But the administration isn't really interested in all
this. The Business Education program draws few
fellowships or research grants and the recent death of
the program‘s chair combined with the impending
retirement of two other faculty members has left the
administration with an easy opportunity to phase out
the program.

Whether they take this opportunity pretty much rests
with a task force whose membership is' a complete
farce. There’s only one student member on the corn-
mittce and she‘s not even in the Business Edttcatiott
program. Business Education majors had to protest
outside the office of SUNYA’s Education Dean. just to
be heard. and it may be too late. I

The task force is already considering a proposal to
restructure the program. Rejection of this proposal
means the end of the Business Education program.

Acceptance of the proposal still leaves business
education majors with a lousy deal. The proposal
creates a combined B.S.M.S. program that with very
careful scheduling. might be completed in four and a
half years instead of the five years it takes now. if the
proposal is approved. it would become difficult for
students to get their undergraduate degrees. begin
teaching. and return part-time to earn their masters
degrees. as many of them do now.

The administration's entire way of handling this
situation shows little concern for the students involved
in the program. or the many schools statewide that de-
pend on Albany for a supply of business teachers. It
may be easier to phase out the program than to make
the commitment to put some time and resources into
rebuilding it. but that's lower quality administration.
isn‘t it .

Hoover blues

Hoover has been working for the ASP for about 6
months now. Until last night we considered him a
friend, even though he’s only a piece of hardware that
runs out the copy for this newspaper.

Last night we were painfully reminded that Hoover
is not human. he‘s a machine and like most other
machines. he's ternpermental at times. So are people.
but a lcmpermental person can be reasoned with. a
machine cannot.

When Hoover decided last night that he didn't want
to work for us. that was it. not even a massive guilt trip
combined with a hefty bribe offer could change his
mind — because he doesn’t have one.

Computers and other complex machinery may be the
wave of the future. but for the time being, it was
reasoning human beings that found an alternate way to
put out today‘s paper. solving a problem that Hoover
couldn't —— not yet anyway.

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

TllE sorter omen
ONL‘i WW9
THE Pore 

  

, .40
\
a”

r" x

‘ A v ‘ ' rt
- « Mt.

 

 

.' NE MM BE NUMBER
Yemo BUl‘ we no 
AND/SWEEP.

 

 

‘4.

They call themselves the New York Public interest
Reasearch Group or NYPlRG. They define themselves in
their bi-montbly magazine as ‘An organization which has
lobbied for citizen's rights since l973.‘ NYPlRG is highly
visible on SUNY campuses and Albany is no exception.
indeed. there is not a day that goes by without seeing their
posters on the billboards uptown.

ﬁ’eter Murphy

in a country such as ours. interest groups are abound
and ﬂourishing on all levels of government. Many of
them. such as NYPlRG. claim to work for the public in-
terest. However. to make such an assertion is deceiving.
it takes only a little common sense to realize that in a state
of 17 million people. there does not exist a unified public
interest per se. What one group of people may perceive
as being in the public interest. another group may
perceive as tyrannical. Thus. since there is no consensus
as to what the public interest means. there is no‘justifica-
tion for NYPlRG to use this term.

Further. many of the wonderful things that NYPlRG
claims to be are highly distorted. One must remenber that
NYPlRG is just as much a political special interest group
as any other that lobbies in downtown Albany or Capital

 

 

Hill in Washington. D.C.. and as a special interest group ‘

they must promote certain issues and oppose others. if
one takes the time to study what their legislative agenda
is. they might be a bit surprised. 0n inspection. it is clear
that NYPlRG supports outright government interference
in people's everyday liVes. They support more taxes and
regulations on corporations and businessesjiwhlch will
continue to drive them. and the jobs they provide. out of
New York State. NYPlRG also‘supports expanding the
massive public bureaucracy. already the largest in the na-
tion. which will ultimately lead to even higher taxes for
the working people. Some examples. which can be found
in their magazine “Agenda”. include:
-’i‘he Bottle Law -

-l.ess defense contracts for New York State

-Public ﬁnancing of elections

-Government subsidizing civic groups to register voters
.Corporatc disclosure of their private financial matters
dimming exploration of Uranium

~Sampling mother's milk for PCB's

-The Seat-Belt Law

 behind the public interest.

-Equal pay for comparable worth (not to bevconfused
with “equal pay for equal work". a very different issue)

Furthermore. while NYPlRG claims to be a non-
partisan. educational group, they support legislation
limiting the powers of Republican chairperson's in the
Senate. At the same time. however. NYPlRG
hypocritically ignores the even worse problem 'of powers
belonging to the Democratic chairpersons‘ who control
the Assembly. in sum. we are dealing with a political
organization with their own special interests.

zcvery interest group seeks out contributions to carry
out their respective agenda and NYPlRG is no exception -
only they go a step further. By claiming to be an educa-
tional group for the students. they have managed the
scheme of getting funded by every SUNY undergraduate
in Albany and many other SUNY campuses as well.
. But how. might you ask. is every student in Albany

State funding NYPlRG? Every undergraduate here pays ‘
a mandatory fee as part of their tuition. This money goes"

towards things such as the sports teams and other events
which all students may participate in and beneﬁt from.

However. NYPlRG receives from that fee approximately
$6.00. which means they obtain in excess of $50,000
alone. How can every student. or even a majority benefit
from NYPlRG? Does NYPlRG or SA think that every
student agrees with them and theerefore should fund
them? it so. threy should think again. Should part of our
manditory foe go toward supporting any, interest group.
whether they be a National Organization of Women or
the Moral Majority? Of course not. Then why is it going
to NYPlRG?

Now i don’t think for a minute that interest groups.
NYPlRG in particular. should be outlawed from this
campus. interest groups. whether they lean to the right
or left. have a right to lobby for government legislation to
serve their constituents' interests. large or small.
Nonetheless. there is a principle here we all must address.
Ask yourselves: Why should students be required to fund
political interest groups. and more specifically. why
should Albany State students be compelled to finance
NYPlRG?

We can put a stop to this practice by allowing students
to make their own choice whether or not to contribute to
NYPlRG. The current injustice must not be allowui to
continue.

 

 

   

Ove rbearihg charity
To the Editor: f p

l would like to comment on‘an incidént that occured to
a friend and l, on Wednesday. February 13. which was
Ethiopian Relief nights - g '

My friend and i went down to dinner on that night. As
we approached the bottom of the first of two ﬂights of
stairs. we were met by a group of people trying to solicit
us to give up our dinner for the Ethiopian cause. My
friend and i declined for our own personal reasons. As we
kept walking down theflight of stairs. two of them leaned
over the railing yelling to us‘ in an attempt to make us feel
guilty. so we would sign the petition. i found this to be in-
furiating. These two students had absolutely no right to
put other people in that kind of position. They obviously
felt they had a right to judge other people. and no one has
that right. ' '

For people who are supposedly concerned'about other
people in this‘world. they showed little regard for those
nearest to them. While acting' on behalf of a very good
cause it would have been nice if they would have shown a
little class in the way they handled themselves.

1 hope that these two students learn that in the future.
when they work for a charity. the satisfaction they get
should come from doing for others. not putting down
others.
’ -—Kevin SIeger

Government’s shame

To the Editor: .

On February 4th. Andy Mager was sent to prison for
refusing to register for the draft. For the many whose
hearts and minds he has touched this is a time of sadness
and sober reflection.‘ It‘s also a time of pride and
solidarity.

We know that Andy behind bars is freer than those
who put him there. so imprisoned are they in the mindset
of anation gone astray. And Andy is freer than those
who embrace - or by their inaction, permit - the false

__ cﬂspcgtts

Embth Irr mo

 

Holdl Jo anti-.Ecuor In cntnr
' - Dun Chang. John Kean-n. Managing Edltcn

llmn- O'Sulllvan

Nu" can...

2
E
.
9
3
S
I

 
 

David LL. Lukln
..Lorcn Ginsberg. Rina Young
To

 

 

 

 

 

Booitl rn Round"

um“. um... . - «_ In _

Mullo Editor ............................................................................... "Daniel amn
Sports Editor ' M-m Barman
Edllorlal Pages Editor ................................................................... ..Eoward Rolnol
Copy Bath- ' unnu- Must...“

Jerry Olmplon‘MVScnlor Editor

Contributing Editors Jane Anderson. Joseph Fuachlchnilo Krall. Wayne '
Paareboom. Judy Tor-I Editorial Assistants: Mlchollo Buahor. Dathy Enlg.
Krlatlno swor. llona Wolnstoln. sr-rr writ-n: Barbara Abraham". Donna
Altman. Lullo Chllt. Johanna Clancy. Jacquie Clark. inn Clements. Ken Dom-
baum. Bott- Dumba. both Finn-ran. Ronald Brent Gonlcn, Bob Hunlon, Eric
thdcn. Mandi Kun. J. Michael Maine. Christine Roliclt. Porn sehuslarman.
Rich Shirldm. Mlchocl skolnlck. Perry Tlsohior. Artist: stave Brycon

' cnn- Ilnohl. Business Manna-r
Lynn luovll. Auoclsto aunt/rut Manager
Maura Kollolt. Rhondl Wolf, Ad'vorllslnu Manager:
Mike Krolrnor. 8.!” Manager

Illlllnn Mar-tun no",

Payroll ' ' Gnu Porno

Clan-tiled "manor: ............. .2 .......................................... ..
n

   

....Keron Davin
lricla Mltaholl
Advortlllng loin: Marc Robcrnun, Btovo Lutt. Advertising Production: Llu
Blahlcr. Danlu Cuiranc. TI'III Glocalono. Eileen Kolbaluk. Jockl Mldlnrcky.
Amy Papomy, otileo Ila": Linda Delgado. Marlorl- Ronnthal. Stephanie
Sehcnlui .

 

Mom 5. Eagle. Pltricla Olnnnolo. Pmducllon Mnnlglu

Laneoy Hoyman

Chlcil’ypouttor ....................... .. --
and. Sara Fu. Lil-

'l'yplm: Debora Adolnunn. Jeannine Dtenuu .
alambrono. Mailman McRuuh. Pun Btraubnr. Putoup: E. Phillip Hoover.
Judy Lawrence. Dun Darrel am. M.D.Thomplon. chsutlouru Warren turn
will. Rh:th Sheridan

 

 

i'nctoguptty prtnclpoliy supplied by University Photo Iorvioo. a student
I

I M
chtel Photographer: Erloa aplugsl UPI Suit: Shut Albert. Amy Cohan. Marl-
Culllnan. John curry. Lynn Drollul, Cindy allway. Adorn Gin-born. Robert
Hanlmlnn. David lam. Kenny Kirsch. Robert Luckoy. Em Humor. Marti
Maul-villa. Chris Oruini. Lin Simmonu. Robert aouoy. David Btrlok. Howard
Tyuar

Enllro content: copyright 1m Albany Itudont Pru- Corpontlon. all right-
reserved

The Albany Student Pro" II pubtllhod Tuesdays and Friday. between
Annual Ind June by the Albany Student Frau Corporation. an independent.
noMor-proill corporation.

Edltorlaio on written by the Editor in Chtoi with mombora at tho Editortnl
Board: policy to subject to review by the Editorial board. Advertising policy
dons not necessarily rclloci editorial policy.

Malllna mar-u:
Albany Student Pro-I. cc 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY ‘22”

(all) 457-5002133215”!

M
a

 

 

security of escalating militarism.

At the courthouse a veteran expressed his regret that he
had not known Andy years ago. if he had. he would not
have let himself be used in Viet Nam.

' This is precisely why Andy is taking his stand: if
enough people say NO to militarism. “Viet Name” will
be stopped before they start. . V

We must break the habit, of invading our neighbors.
We must renounce the vice of subverting the sovereign-
ty of other nations. _ i ' ~

v And we must disarm a government gone gunhappy.

I can only feel shame for that government. it's reduced
to singling out, persecuting. and punishing Andy because
it can’t coerce or silenCe him.

BiaSed review

1 am writing this letter in response to the Aspects article
in the February 8 issue. on the club Puttin' On The Ritz.

-—Ed Kinane

"This local nightspot is portrayed as Albany’s new

paradise. and i feel that this is not an opinion shared by
all. Several people have relayed quitelnegative appraisals
to me following both the DelFuegos and the
Replacements shows. The details are not important. but
the fact that Puttin’ On The Ritz is not percieved so
positively by all is very important to impress.

Also. one might get the impression from reading this
article that WCDB has a regular working relationship
with “The Ritz” . . . WRONG. The only club that we
have such a relationship with is 288 Lark. WCDB co-
sponsored two shows with this club only to provide our
listeners with an alternative music show. as well as to help
a couple of up-and-coming bands. We were displeased
with the circumstances and results surrounding each
show. to say the least. Not to mention the fact that we
never recieved so much as a simple “Thank You” from
Mr. Murray for all the hard work that WCDB put into
making the shows a success. it's great that Mr. Murray
has gotten a few national acts into the Albany area. but
without radio co-sponsorship. the show is at a serious
disadvantage. Then again, without college radio people
would know these bands as the DelWhos and the
Replacewhats How about some credit where credit is due.
_ Puttin’ On The Ritz has a lot of potential to become a
good local music club, but not until they give more con--
sideration' to not only their co-Sponsors. but especially to
their customers. it is several of these same customers who

t'  liave relayed their complaints of mistreatment to me.

I must also point out the fact that i do not agree with
the ASP giving publicity to a local merchant that is both
free and misleading. There are two sides to every story.
and it is responsible journalism to present both. Nor do i

 find it appropriate to use someone’s name (in this case

Ms. Besen's) without their permission.
—Joseph Romano
‘ General Mgr. WCDB

'Devalued eXamples

lo the Editor: .

Concerning _the Editorial of Friday. 2<8~85, “The
Reagan Dynasty." on the State of the Union Address.

Why does the editor take potshots at Reagan’s honor-
ing of the Vietnamese woman who graduates from West
Point and the elderly black Harlem woman who provides
comfort and refuge to the needy

Whatever happened to leadership by example The.

'editor claims that “Many of our Vietnamese citizen can

here to escape a mess we() helped to create in their
homeland." i wouldn't lay that “mess” on Reagan’s
shoulders. i would, however. join Reagan and the rest
who hold this woman in the esteem that she earned. The
editor’s derision of Reagan. by association, waters down
the commendation. the praise.

instead of acknowledging the "reality" of the compas-
sion and virtue of the elderly Harlem woman. the editor
stretches the point out “In reality. the people in our ghet-
tos are living in intolerable poverty." These are examples
of outstanding achievements. there for all to admire on
three networks, yet these achievements and the examples
they set are diminished.

What we get are exaggerations like the dream Reagan is
said to be selling us - “a mirage in which everyone hap-
pens to be rich. successful, happy (and almost always
white)” The editor speaks of the “characters on Dynasty
who are living the American dream that Reagan has pro-
mised all of us." i don't recall hearing such promises.

I suggest the editor a) give due value to the examples set
by the two women cited. b) avoid sweeping exaggerations
like the ones noted above. and c) stick to editorials for-
tified with feet rather than laced with cynicism.

What we have here is a potentially splendid editorial.
Sure. Reagan is bent on screwing the student in fiscal
l986. He is also self‘eontradlctory in mentioning
"freedom. school prayer. and anti-abomion laws" in the
same breath. But please. don't drag down the positive
achievements of others with your editorials on Ron.

-Charloa A. Coon

The right sacrifice

To the Editor: I
in response to Mr. Newman's criticism of Tom
Gaveglia for not registering for the draft as appeared in
the Feb. ll letter to the editor. Mr. Newman says that
Tom is taking from society but not willing to give
anything in return. if Mr. Newman had read Tom’s letter
he'd have realized how unjust his complaints are. Tom
states, “we don't want to evade the draft. we want to stop
it." Tom is more a patriot than you Mr. Newman because
he is defending the people of this country rather than the
corporations. Being a fellow member of Peace Project
with Tom, 1 assure you he is protecting America’s people
including me, you. and your children. '
instead of appreciating the sacriﬁce that this valiant 18
year old is making for the peeple of this country. Mr.
Newman asks him to leave this society because he doesn’t
share his militant attitudes about protecting us. business
interests. A non-registrant myself. i believe the purpose
of the draft should be only for direct home defense.
While i am willing to die protecting my countrypersons
and a free way of life. i do not wish to die protecting Mr.
Newman's right to be a coffee achiever while millions go
hungry in Central and South America. And i cannot
register for the draft who's purpose will be such.
—Andrew Gewirtz
SUNYA Peace Project

Pornographic rights

To the Editor:

it seems every week in the ASP there is some letter writ-
ten on the adverse effects of pornography. in Friday's
(2185) issue. R. Ginsburg wrote a letter supporting the
group to not allow such movies as “Body Double”
because of its graphic murder of an erotic dancer.

In the same issue there was a letter written by A. An-
wari supporting the showing of “Body Double” further
saying it was a sexual release, and just a form of fantasy.

it seems to me that sex should be a personal matter and
i would not want anyone to see me screwing on the silver
screen. The more important thing though. is it is my right
to see a film like that ifl wish to. make a ﬁlm like that, or
star in it. i was given the right. i must make the choice.

Furthermore. for all the people who ﬁnd the "murder"

of the woman on the screen so very. offensive only‘

because they find it just a crime against women. 1 ﬁnd
you offensive. People who can only look at a crime, be it
real or made for a movie. and feel only for the victim if he
or she supports their cause are to me a bit warped.

in our lives right now there are people being killed. in
ways which make a power drill look like the most humane
way of dying. People who in Africa do not have a grain of
rice to count on. While protesting the "death" of a
woman killed in the movie is. in principle. very noble.
there are priorities. one of which is reality. The reality is
that hundreds of people are dead and more will die
because they have no food.

To have a cause is noble. to make it work is fantastic.
Why not protest the movies you find so unbearable by
giving your $4.00 to “Save the Children" All your mar-
ching does not mean a damn thing to these people who
have not the energy to see a film. Why not help someone
to live. rather than protest a death that never occurred

—Joshua 0. Powell

Greek sisters

To the Editor:

For the past few weeks i have been reading and hearing
about the formation of new fraternities on campus. l'd
like to inform everyone that there are sororities in ex-
istence here at SUNYA too.

Students here are becoming increasingly interested in
Greek life. Many of the sororities are newly started. but
as a newly pledged sister of Psi Gamma l’m proud to say
it has been associated with SUNYA since “398. We have
had the strength to survive at low times of interest and we
are now growing with the new revival of Greek life. We
have been enjoying the tradition and good times of
sorority life for a long time and are happy to share this
feeling with others on campus.

it is time to put the attention on the sororities of
SUNYA. Like fraternities. we also add school spirit to the
campus. We do community service and help local
charities. The best part. of course. is the social aspect -
the parties and thc life-long friendships that are formed.

i wish all the greek groups the best of luck and l trope
that the sororities and fraternities work together to make
Greek life a new and exciting permanent part of SUNYA
student life.

—Hobln Mandolkorn
Pal Gamma
co~Piadgamasten Spring '85

 

