The last time we saw adventurer Jack Colton

(Michael Dou las). and romance novelist

Joan Wilder (iathleen TurnerL, they were

sailing off into the sunset aftert eir hair-raising

Latin American adventure in "Romancing

the Stone.” But romance doesn’t always sur-

vive the final fade-out, and things are look-

ing rocky for everyone’s favorite screen

couple. . . until the encounter the myste, . of.

the Jewel, and embark on the wildest gaffe“.

ture of their lives. Jack and Joan are bac ,

with their pint-sized arch-enemy Ralph ‘

(Danny DeVito) still dog ing their trail, in

the sequel to 1984’s bloc buster come -.

adventure: ‘I‘I'II .IIWII. 0' “ll HI I.

Director Wolfgang Petersen was nominated

for an Oscar when he launched "Dos Boot,”

his tense drama about a German U-Boat in

World War II. Now he tackles a

“relationshi film” .. . with a ‘

difference: IMY MINI

starring Denni Quaid

("The Right St ff") and Lou

Gossett, Jr., w 0 won an

Oscar for his portrayal of the

martinet in "An Officer and a

Gentleman," as enemy space

pilots fighting an interstellar war

a hundred years in the future.

Quaid, a human, and Gossett, a

Drac from the planet Dracon, are

marooned together an a deadly

planet where they have to learn

mutual trust and respect to survive.

One of the most powerful and unusual

films of this or any year.

Screenwriter David Seltzer established him-

self as a force to reckon with in Hollywood

by writin the blockbuster supernatural

thriller ” e Omen,” but his first film as a

director is in a very different vein. I.

(played by "Firstbloodms Corey Haim) is a
iminutive rebel who stands apart from his

fellow high-sch‘oolers and criticizes their

activities as "superficial/’_ until the irl he
loves (Kerri. Green of "Goonies") Soils.er a
football star (Martin, Sheen’s son Charlie
Sheen), prompting the, desperate Lucas to a

I . rand ._ retro-i. onsuicide'r loin out
F member  9'

0
Before turni to feature directing, Russell,
Mulcahy esta , Iished himself as one of the
premie‘r’dimctors' of rock videos, with
memorablyve ,encatching videos for groups
like Culture C ub. and Duran Duran.“ In
HIGHLAND"! he brings his gifts, as a
visual stylist tea unique fantasy-adventure
story about warrin ‘ Immortals whose battle
for a mysterious tal sman rages down the
ages from the highlands of 16th Century
Scotland to the streets and’alleys of present-
day New York. Starrin Sean Con, ' and
Christopher Lambert, o "Greystoke"; 'ame.
OIIO'IOQQ‘IIGQIIIIOOQ‘I.
American-born Bob Swaim took an, unusual
route to directorial superstardom—he went
to France, and mode ’La Balancel’ a tough-
as-nails policethriller that set. bottoffico wards
and cleaned, u when it was timefor-the
French to Iran out Les Oscars. Now he
returns. to. EnglishJanguage.

filmmaking with ' '

"All M00" ITRII'I'. In this era
thriller, Sigourney- Weaver plays is govern-v
'9

ment think~tank ex ert who moon ts as a
paid escort, and M chael Caine is a diplomat
involved in international intrigue who falls in
love with her; From the novel lDr. Slaughter”
by Paul Theroux.

tnaoooae-c-eoaoaau-ces-

Marshall Brickman was Wood Allen’s

writing collaborator for years efore he

turnedto writing and directing features,
and new brin'ggihisw, _ sensibili to
I'll! MANHA AN ROJIC : a con-
temporary thriller about a resourceful high-
school student who sets out to ioin the most
exclusive club in the world. . . one whose
members now includethe United States, the
Soviet Union, Great Britain, France and
China. Christopher Collet stars as Paul
Stephens, who builds his own atomic bomb
as a science fair proiect, iust to prove that it
can be done, John Lithgow ("Buckaroo
Banzai,” "The World According to Garp”)
also stars as as mpathetic scientist who tries
to help Paul an his girlfriend Jenny (Cynthia
Nixon) when they find themselves the ob‘ect
of a very serious manhunt by foreign an
domestic agencies.
A summer camp for future astronauts? It
exists already, in Alabama, and kids who
wontto attend have to have letters of recom-
mendation from their math and science
teachers. Then the? can spend a summer
doing everything torn studying astrophysics
to practicing their s ace-walk in a zero-
ravity simulator. T is real-life training center
or tomorrow’s space iockeys is going to be
the subiect of a movie from Leonard Gold-
berg, the .roducer of "WarGames": In
3? ClﬁMl’, youngsters at such a camp
get more adventure than they bargained for
When their capsule is launched into space—
for real. Stars include Kate Capshaw ("Indi-
ana Jones and the Temple of Doom”) and
Lea Thompson, who sizzled as Michael J.
Fox’s mother-to-be in "Back to the Future.” ’
Before he changed the face of the horror
film with “Halloween,” John Carpenter
made a non-stop actioner called "Assault on
Precinct 13” that has become a cult favorite,
and he showed what he could do with
action 0 din when he made "Esca e from
New Yoﬁt,” starring Kurt Russell. ow
he and Russell have re-teamed for
BIO 'I'IlOIlIlul IN “ﬁll CHINA.
about a tough truck-driver named Jack
urton becomes embroiled in a war in San
rancisco’s Chinatown, where bad
guys and good gu s alike have
magical powers. T e script is by to g
screenwriter W.D. Richter ("Bruba er,”
"Invasion of the Body Snatchers”), who
made his directing debut last year with
the nutty cult classic "The Adventures of
Buckaroo Banzai.”
Sigourney Weaver will also be back this
summer as Warrant Officer Ripley, the
sole survivor of the spaceship Nostromo's

encounter with a deadly extraterrestrial in
1979’s blockbuster “Alien.” The sequel is
called ALIENS (watch out for that s), and it
is being made under conditions of top
secrecy in England by writer-director James
Cameron, who was responsible for last year's
sci-fi sleeper hit "The Terminator,” starring
Arnold Schwarzengger.

When director Howard Zieff teamed with
Goldie Hawn on "Private Benjamin,” they
made corned history. Now Zieff is collab-
orating with t e brilliant actress-comedienne
Whoa i Goldberg—fresh from her first star-
ring ro e in Steven Spielber ’s "The Color
Purple”—for KNOCK, K OCK, a com-
edy-thriller about a computer operator in a
bank who starts receiving messages on her
computer screen from a dashing American
spy trapped behind the Iron Curtain.

Besides being Hollywood’s leading comedy
actor-writer-director, Mel Brooks is also one
of the most innovative producers around,
with such off-beat films as "The Elephant
Man,” “Frances” and "My Favorite Year” to
his credit. Now he is producin a remake of
the sci-fl horror classic THE Y, about an
unfortunate scientist (Vincent Price in the

ori inal) whose molecules get scrambled
wit those of a common housefly. Featuring
state-of-the-art makeu effects that go far
beyond the original, ” he Fly” will be
directed by David Cronenberg, who proved
himself a master of surreal horror with
"Scanners" and ”Videodrome.”

Just complete and return the coupon below
to kee up with the latest film release from
20th entury Fox. Send to: TWENTIETH
CENTURY FOX, PO. Box 900, Beverly Hills,
CA 90213, Attn: Fox In Focus.

vi"

 

