5. 6 Mir/Wit STUDENT, PRESS u -,_Tl_JESDA v. AERIL 30. 1.285

 

 

 

Un'lver’si‘tvy‘Auxiliary Services
Special Membership Meeting

May 1, 1985 - 11:45am

CC Room 222 - Patroon Room

 

 

 

 

 

 

wi- l
0‘A 05’" 9““ w“
Vim:ng o...

    

 

 

 

Washiggtgn Tayegn
QanadtarLthht

Thursday 9-1

MAIZ
Labatt’s 50 is $.95

 

 

Mug Night Tuesday

features Molson

 

 

 

 

Summerlng in

Central New York?

If you're planning to be in Onondaga County or en~
virons for the summer months, Onondaga Community
College offers you the chance to pick up that course
you may need in calculus, economics. psychology,
chemistry. history. etc., at

ONLY $46.00 per credit hour

DesFossesidetailsdifficultiési

Prompt-incinstitutional change-$1

By Bette Dzamba
ll)! ItIRMl .-l.\’.\'l.\' l'JNl'

Women in academia strive to change their institu-
tions. bttt Hclcn DesFosses. former university Dean
of Undergraduate Education. advised a group of
women from Non-Teaching Professionals (NTP)
Friday that creating change is a difficult process.

"One of the basic ideas in terms of ‘making it' is
to decide what your attitude is in terms of changing
the institution." said DesFosses at the start of her
talk.

“You have to ask who will change. you or
SUNYA?" she said. Usually it is not SUNYA that
changes. but “SUNYA has a high tolerance for
change.“ she added.

According to DesFosses, who is currently chair
of the Department of Public Affairs, “very often
women are torpedoed because they try to change
too much too fast." She added that in order to get
ahead in their jobs women must decide how many
things they are going to attempt to change.

From experience. DesFosses said she has found
that people have a lituited amount of “chips for
change." Women should be careful in planning
how to use the chips, she cautioned.

DesFosses also stressed that “nitty gritty things
made a big difference." Using style of dress as an
example, DesFosses concluded that “ifyou dress as
people in the next (job) category do. people will
begin to look at you as belOttging in that, next
category."

Volunteering to be on committees is extremely
important. said DesFosses. because they are a good
way to "get the attention of people who make
decisions."

According to DesFosses. committee membership
“is a signal that you are willing to make the kind of
investment of time which will .make you more
familiar with issues important to the university."

DesFosses did caution the audience to protect
their time because “the system can suck you up and
gobble up all of your time."

DesFosses provided a checklist of things to do if
one doesn't seem to be “making it."

THe final item on the list was to see if the pro-
blem is external. Discrimination can be reported to
the Affirmative Action office, or a change of jobs

NEWS UPDA TE 8

Voter reg . drive begun

Student Association‘s (SA) Student Action Com
mittee began a campus voter registration drive for
November's mayoral elections Sunday. registering
506 students on State Quad dinner lines.

might help in a situation where promotion seems
unlikely. said DesFosses.

A second item to examine is stress. said
DesFosses. suggesting the need to find outlets for
stress such as exercise and relaxation. .

“Women have a propensity to play Joan of Are.
to straighten out all wrongs if it kills them," said
DesFosses.

DesFosses also suggested that women should pre-
sent bosses not with problems that they have iden-
tified but rather with seVeral possible solutions to
these problems. “You are really hired to present
your boss with solutions,” she said.

“Women tend to be divulgent of their feelings,
but they must work to keep the stress level down.”
even if it means keeping feelings in, said DesFosses.

The third piece of advice on DesFosses‘ checklist
was to go to as many workshops as possible.
DesFosses stresed the importance of attending
anything to do with skills.

Workshop attendance. according to DesFosses,
serves two main purposes. “it indicates you are in-
terested in getting ahead." she said. adding that at
workshops large amounts of information are distill-
ed which makes it easier to learn.

The fourth item on her checklist was to learn power
skills. DesFosses said, “power is not a four letter
word. it’s OK to want and have power."

DesFosses defined power as “the ability to effect
the outcome of a situation.”

There are five kinds of power, said DesFosses.

,The first is likeability. “it‘s nice to have old Harry
or Harriet around.” she explained.

The second type. according to DesFosses. is ex—
pertise. A secretary who was promoted because she
had made herself indispensable by learning about
forms and regulations is an example of expertise.
DesFosses said.

The third type of power is that of reciprocity.
DesFosses said that people need to know that if
they do a favor for you it will be returned.

The fourth form of power is “connections,” said
DesFosses. She added that it can be helpful to be
known as so-and-so's right hand person." ,

The fifth type of power mentioned is the ability
to reward others or to hand out resources. D

 

 

compete is false." said Krell. adding that "You
have to know people —- a network to get a job (in
publishing)." For example. Rockbill can be called
‘little Aspects.“ Five or six ex-ASP’ writers are
among those who are editors there. she said.

“A great irony at SUNYA is that the Writer’s ln-
stitute has not made an attempt to help students

said Krell. if in-

 

Gordom   .
{lle Page '_ I
Committee which will “formulate
recommc'dations to-enhance the

 

department." according to
University President Vincent
O'Lcaryu

“The people they want are my
peers who are absolutely amazd
ed.l am co-author of the eur-
riculum guide of the curriculum
guide of the council," said Gor-
don. "l was hired because of the
plans] was making," she said.

“it is ironic and a slap in the
face to her," said Bill Robinson.
a grad student in the department.
“She is recognized as a Black
scholar and curriculum organizer
nationally. He added, “there is
no one as qualified in the depart-
ment as she is to be chair."

"She asked the questions that
needed to be asked and that
shocked a lot of people." said
Robinson. "To lose her because
of her style of getting to the heart
of matters is ludicrotis." he said.

“I was not given the opportuni-
ty to talk with my faculty.
although i requested to,” said
Gordon. “l was asked to resign at
9 a.m. by the dean and was given
until 2 p.m. to make a decision."
she said. “it's their word against
mine."

Gordon said if she didn't
resign. “the administration would
have requested a review and they
told me that the committee had
already been appointed. How
could this be? .

“There's been a tremendous
cover-up,“ said Gordon. “1 came
into a department with thirteen
crises. . .Thc Department was
bankrupt. i had to handle situa-
tions from bomb threats on a
member of the gacultyu to two
calls of suicide." she added. "1

.. challenge anyone to come in and

handle these situations as well asl
did and match my record of
accotnplishments.

“Maybe i was too strong. too
dedicated for a program that was
to die slowly." charged Gordon.

Webb denied that Gordon was
forced to resign. “i never said
that she could not consult with
faculty or that she had to give us
an answer at 2 p.m., " he said.

“Over a period of two weeks in
February l interviewed all faculty

Assemblyman Arthur Eve became
very interested in this institute.
The dean interfered and said I
could not‘have direct contact with
him." she added.

“Officially the departmental
statement says that they had no
problems with her scholarship.
teaching and commitment to the
Department.”, explained Robin-
son. “They said that the problem
was with her style. that she was

‘ too abrasive." he added.

“One major complaint I've
heard was that l was too ag-
gressive." said Gordon. “Would
that be a reason for a man to step
down." she asked. ‘

“This has no relevance to the
situation as far as i am concern-
ed," saod Webb.

“The situation in the Depart-
ment is under control now," said
Webb. “Members of the depart-
ment are making a great effort to
deal with the situation," adding.
“l’m not getting the message
about problems."

George Levesque. an associate
professor in the department.

described his relationship with'

Gordon as "professional (but) we
did have major differences. I did
not have problems with previous
chair." He added, “there is
almost no tension in the depart-
ment now."

“it’s worse now between them
(Gordon and the two faculty
members). They never talk." said
Robinson. “She felt she’s been
stabbed in the back. The whole
department is suffering from ten-
sion.” she said.

“I don't want to seem petty."
said Gordon. "Before I could get
in there good, the attacks from
these two men began."

“The tactics of the administra-
tion. are unprofessional. unfair.
and denies me the right to a fair
hearing." said Gordon. “This is
not a case about being chair. it is
about my professional and ad-
ministrative skills and slander."
she added. Ll

Friday’s ASP will be
the last one of the year

 

: YOUI‘    _
Yearfor

TUBSDA 1’, APRIL 30, I985 El   PRESS 7

 

 

 

W

W

   

.' m" Ill
» _ y - ~—
v ,th ‘ ' .
' 'l, lisp“;
I r a;
CONNOII THESE IINIFITI:
til Worlds-empathy.
in Wm“ lulu Indulluyoutnoblunlnqyow
u 'lieeml.
(3) All “WWW.
This In An Ideal Pen-Time Job For The:
MOD
(A) "WSEPENSON who wants to wept-ment the
(b) UNIVERSITY ITUDENI’ with II“ III". WW
and Wilmillkugoooarmm
to sHInwonxen-Itn-pmumtmmtmm
(6) BUSINESS MINER! with ﬂexible work was.

FOR MORE INFORMA YION ABOUTA VERY
RE WARDINO CAREER, PLEASE CALL 700‘ Y!

ll") m“
("'l W

Iﬂlﬁlﬂﬂ

 

 

 

 

 
 

     

@QRL’EER WNW?

DEPARTMENT OF
COMMUNICATION

  
      
   
    

 

 

HUMANITIES LOUNGE. HU 354.—

 
    

TUESDAY, APRIL 30. 7:30

 

 

Hear and speak with representatives from business and government.
and lrorn the graduate program in communication. about career oppur-
tunities in eommunieation~re|ated fields, and the courses and degrees

 
 
  

  

    
   
 

that will help make you competitive.

 
 

pursue careers in writing."  . '7  2

Evening and Day sessions to fit your schedule 1, d to the conclu
mem CI'S an came ‘

Evening session: June 3 — August 13
let Day Session: June 3 — July 3
2nd Day Session: July 11 — August 12

To register:
Telephone registration

For your copy of the OCC
Summer Course Bulletin
call (315) 469-7741,

(315) 459-6901 Ext. 225
May 13 through 16 ‘l V
10:00 p.m. — 6:00 p.m. ; Ononda a
On campus registration 5" commun
May 30 \ w I conese

 

 

 

 

Chaykln’s on}
Review at Hofetra

FOR THE NOVEMBER 1985 CPA EXAM

I Our faculty has lectured to the NY.
State Association for C.P.A. candidates
and to eight of the largest C.P.A. lirms
for in-house training.

I All instruction by highly qualilied
college prolessors.

I All live instruction. No tapes are used.

I Our new six-volume set oi texts is
supplied at no extra cost.

I Free repeat privilege,

For further information. or

II
(51a) sea-5:104 0/ write: '
DR. RALPH 8. POLIMENI
103 Hagar Halt
Holltu University 

Hompuleod. NY. "660

DIVISION OF CONTINUING EDUCATION
ttututm Unlvormly is an equal mlucuttonai opportunity it‘llllluliOli

 

According to Larry Hartman. Student Action
Research Chair. the drive will continue on Dutch
and Colonial Quads this week. and on lndian and
Alumni Quads next week. “We hope to register
about 1,000 students before the summer." said
Hartman. Student Action members will try to
register about 2.000 freshman during summer
orientation. he added.

“The emphasis has been placed on how to change
Albany." and on issues like the Grouper Law. said
Hartman. adding that “we want to let Albany area
politicians know we plan on being serious responsi-
ble voters."

Llieg uard positions open

The SUNYA Aquatic Director. David Turnage.
will be testing prospective candidates for lifeguar-
ding positions for this summer and next fall.

The water test will be given for the last time
Wednesday. May 1 from 3:304:30 p.m. at the
university pool. The test will consist of a 200 yard
timed swim. a 50 yard timed approach stroke, 50
yard sidestroke swim and a review of lifesaving
saves and releases.

All candidates must have a current American
Lifesaving Certificate, Red Cross CPR and First
Aid cards. For more Information, contact Mr. Tur-
nagc in the Athletic Building, 0-104.

Krell seeks future writers

A support group for graduating seniors who plan
to pursue a career in writing has not been received
well. “People may consider this group a threat with
the cut-throat attitudes present on campus," said
Michelle Krell. organizer of the group.

 

 

 

 

 

 

“The assumption that people in the group would

terested in helping to form the group, call Michelle
Krell at 457-3322.

GALA week film misplaced

Several of the Gay and Lesbian Awareness
Week events were not successful due to poor plann-
ing. said Tamara Richman. a GALA steering com-
mittee member.

The film, Born in Flames. which was scheduled
for Saturday night was not shown. “As of early

Saturday morning we could not find the film." ex- '
plained Richman. “We co-sponsored the film with ,

the Feminist Alliance and it never came in the
mail."

Other events. such as a straight and gay dialogue
scheduled for last Monday. and a gay parents
workshop were not held due to lack of attendance.
“Some of the events. though, like the film Silent
Pioneers and the cabaret nights were huge
successes."

“Next year there will be more planning," said
Richman. “The week definitely got the campus to
be more aware of us, but a large number of the
responses were homophobic." she said.

Library preserves ASP’s

The Albany Student Press. and its predecessors
the State University News and the State College
News are now available on microfilm at the
SUNYA library.

The mlcrofilmed copies, which cover from l916
to 1984 were made using monies provided by a New
York State conservation/preservation grant.

Patrons wishing to use the newspaper: for lhll
time period should be referred to the microfilm
housed in Non-Print services.

 

 

 

 

 

sion that the necessary confidence
that must exist between members
of a departmental faculty and
their chairperson had been lost,"
said Webb. “1 also concluded
that the confidence nedded bet-
ween a chairperson and dean had
been lost.”

“Webb did not get my side of
the story." Gordon said. “His
statements are very misleading
and imply things that are very un-
true." According to Gordon. "he
even implies that the secretary left
because of me. . . that is not so,
but I can't reveal con f idences that
have to do with the secretary."
she said.

“i was also trying to find fun-
ding for it research institute in the
Department." said Gordon. "My
unique idea would have helped
both SUNY and New York State.

—-Correctlon—-

in the last issue of the Albany
Student Press. half a quote was
inadvertently excluded when the
story continued to another page.
The entire quote, by Minister
Louis Farrakhan. read:

“The Pope never opened his
mouth for us or the Jews as they
burned in the ovens. . .thcy are
hypocrites that produce a dirty
religion."

141KGold 

 

Now that it‘s time to purchase your
college ring. think about choosmg

 

the finest—a i4K gold college ring
from ArtCnrvcd.

Designed and handcrafted for last—
ing value. an Art(Iarvcd 14K gold
college ring is now more affordable
than ever. For a limited time only.
you can save Sag on the style of your
choice. Stop by to see the entire
ArtCarvcd collection and custom
options. Remember. it‘s your year
for gold!

flRTC/l RVED"

CLASS RINGS

 

10:00am- 4:00pm

Tifne

MAY lst. 2nd. 3rd
Deposit Regdl‘r‘i'd. Mnstcr(..'ard or Visa Accepted

0 I004 AtiGMvid Clan ill/ill
‘ *

BOOKSTOR

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

