2a Aspects

fur-Iv: n—rcm'mwvywwcmism-.r-rumm-iamen-mmnmm ‘. '7’?“ 'v~-.-.-

  

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Coalition

 

442-5 6 70
SA Recognized

 

SIMCH T 'TORAH
  CELEBRATION

‘ Sponsored By
* Jewish Student

Monday Oct 7, 7pm
Shabbos House
More Information

 

 

   

Do you find yourself asking
questions like these?

How can I work out problems
with my friend/room ate?
How can I get over a broken
relationship?
Why do I feel stressed or
anxious?

If you would like a place
to talk about these or
other concerns...Middle Earth
Offers On-going Counseling
Services Call us at 442-5777

Middle Earth
Counseling. Information and Referral
102 Schuyler Hall
Dutch Quad

  
   
  
 
 
 

 
 

u funded

 

  
  

 

  
 
 
  
  
   
 
     
 
   

 
 
  
 
 
 

 

l.

     

   

Last week I was. Consoling a friend as she gushed out her latest  ‘_ 'e
story. These tales are commonly related among women after unpleasant3datirlg"
experiences. They all begin with the declaration, "Men are slime."  to:
comfort her, a gorgeous bodybuilder in sweats 'slinked by, and her tears rolled
back up her- cheeks and retracted into her eyes. “lt’s love,” shesighed. "Heisithe A
one. He’s too cute to be slime." . '_ . ‘  _ a
This incident prompted me to investigate the validity of the accusation that
men are slime. I asked questions, observed strangers and friends, and followed
the progression of some new relationships. With the. results of my study, I
developed the Slime’Scale. On the far right is a category called "Men are saints
and a lot more considerate than anyone has ever suspected." The other end of
the scale is labelled "Men are sub-slime." ‘ . V T I 
The men on the right end of the scale displayed true respect for people'in‘
general and concern bordering on paranoia about how to act with a date; They
were of the "friends first and foremost" school of dating. Several claimed to be
afraid to offend a first date by a casual arm around her shoulder or a‘ bold at-
tempt at a goodnight kiss. The females present at these discussions found them:
very refreshing, although many agreed that if a date was this cautious, they'd
assume that they had very serious body odor. Or worse. ‘ - ,
One rightist nice guy that I know likes to walk his friends home, to class, or
even to a soda machine at any time of the day or night. Heattributé‘s'tliis to an
ordinary concern for safety. I call it extraordinary unsliminess. l alWays feel like
i should walk him back after he walks me somewhere. But then he'd walk .me
back. And so on. - V _  ‘  "
On the left side of the Slime Scale are beasts who sense tender prey, go  for
the kill, and then slither away, leaving a trail of green ooze in their paths.
that first date (which is, by design, the last date), they hide behind pillars and
dart into buildings to avoid facing their victims. Soon, they can never come out .
in daylight. It‘s too risky. These are the worms who convince women that
dating is just not worth getting slime‘d. I _ . '
The varied results of this aspeculation reveal that it is not valid to categorize
men as slime. As with any group of people, they must be placed on the Slime
Scale as individuals. (Yes, even women can fit on the Slime Scale, from "saintly"
all the way down to "sub-slime.") Some people are honestly inspiring in their
ideals. Others inspire me to carry a purse size bottle of slime cleaner at all times
in case l see a line of green ooze on the ground. The essential fact to remember

is that slime washes away; nice guys don‘t. ‘ -
WWW
co: : '

   

  

 

 
  

 

 
  

   
 
  
  
 
  
    
 
  

 

  
   
   
 
 

Blot out, correct, insert, refine,
Erdarge, diminish, interline;
Be mindful when invention fails,

To scratch your head and bite your nails.

  
  

Jonathan Swift '

 

 {Octobeer * 1935

 

   
  
  
  
   
   
 

  
  
  
 
  
  

 

  
  

, w;

I " . herein the burning question is asked, '7
W515 it possible to conduct a social life'
- - ,r , on the island-of Manhattan without:

going completely out or‘you'rj‘skuur' .Th‘
,_ answer:_Probably not. lf-you’rev just a nor-é
'mal' guy‘whmr‘nakes his living working

‘ with a W“ News day. than iris-rain
* J safe to say that You’re better off bored

‘» . alone hours.

 

seat-r (Eisenthal ,

After Hours is about a lonely guy named

 

John (Griffin Dunne) who decides he‘can’t '

take another night alone in his small mid-
town apartment. To escape, he goes to an
almost empty coffee shop, sits at‘a table by

himself, and reads Miller’s. Tropic of ‘

Capricorn. Across from-him sits a‘girlwho
is also a Miller fan, and she admits this to
him as he's reading. 'l‘hey have‘a cup of
coffee together, talk for a while, and work
their way towards exchanging phone
numbers. John goes back to his apartment,
waits a little.whlle‘,~calls her up, and makes
a date. He then takes 'a cab to SoHo. That’s
his first mistake. What follows are a series

of mishaps that lead him to the conclusion '

that New York at night is nothing but a
nightmare. He learns that the subway fare

' has been raised, gets soaked to the bone in

a rainstorm, becomes a burglary suspect,
discovers the remains of a suicide victim,
nearly loses his hair in a "Mohawks Only"
nightclub, and is turned into a plaster of
paris sculpture. It’s definitely not an even
ing in Paradise. ‘
But for all it‘s worth, it's the people, not
the situations he encounters, that convince
him that he’s not cut out for the New York
nightlife. The girl he originally meets in the
coffee shop (Rosanne Arquette) turns out
to be recovering from a divorce, the
grounds for which were the fact that ’her
husband, a Wizard of Oz fanatic, could not
have sexual intercourse without shouting,
"Surrender, Dorothy" all the way through
the act. Her roommate (Linda Fiorentino)

has a hobby of making erotic sculptures, -
but makes her living selling handmade ‘

plaster of paris bagel and cream cheese
paperweights.‘ He also crosses paths with a
manic depressive anarchist (Teri Carr), a
psychotic ice cream vendor (Catherine
O'Hara), and an introverted barfly (Verna
Bloom). By 6:00 the next morning, John is
not a well man.

Confused? Does this .all sound like a bad

and be-spectacled persona bounces
about, acoustic guitar in hand, spinning '
tales of fact and fancy, crashing together‘in
such a revealing way seemingly disparate
elements of folk, rock, cabaret, and perfor-
mance art. He is an entertainer in the grand
tradition.

Mike Eck

While last year's Larkfest rolled con-
spiratorin on, a few adventurous souls
were treated to Pig's first ever American
concert (at the E.B.A. Chapterhouse). His
total performance concept was so enthrall-.
ing that three more shows were hastily ar-
ranged in the area. By the time he returned
to his home town of St. Albans, Hettford~
shire in England, hundreds of American
ears were abuzz with his sing-along refrains
and sensitive, serioecomic lyrics. »

Clive first came to America's attention
with the help of Dmitri Rotov's Hopewell
Records. In late 1983, a rather particular
looking ad began popping up in various
new music magazines. Those who respond- '
ed with their hard earned dollars were
repaid with a cassette simply titled Clive

. Pig and the Hopeful Chinamen. The album

version was released a few months later.
As college radio began pushing the record,

 

 

w

  

- earn you once .- We just think of it
from this poor guy's point of view. He had
to live through it. And between quitting
time one play and punch-in the next mom-
ing, he almost lost his life, his ability to
move, and probably most importantly, his
sanity. All because he didn't want to be
alone, if only for an evening. .

I really felt for this pathetic character.
And for all the pathetic characters in this
movie. And what's more, for all the
pathetic characters that dwell in today’s
New York City. This film is a comedy, and
it did make the audience laugh. i was in
hysterics, but at the same time i felt a cer-

tain fear of dissatisfaction, knoWing that ,

while there's probably something better
out there,. there’s definitely going to be
something a lot worse. No character in any
situation ever proved this to me better than
John did in his lurid "After Hours" struggle

'Pig-t‘sizzle in Al A

live Pig is, to say the least, an
original. His quirky, short-haired.

little pockets of Pigmania broke out.

The album is a startling compilation of
tracks recorded in band arrangements rang-
ing from military marches to frenetic dubs.
The most wellvknown song, "Happy Birth-
day Sweet Sixteen," is a letter perfect page
torn from adolescence. Others include

 

 

MMJMQHVl—r’wnf‘k
Vtm .... — .

m wu‘EIV-qrcﬁ w.-
w' ' ‘ v

to return to his dull mid-to n apartment,
and his dull mid-town life.

The plot, or more appropriately, the se-
quence of events, seems a bit bizarre, and
following it all the way may be a task of
the devil. But, Director Martin Scorcese,
whose Mean Streets (1973) was a different

   

‘ attempt at scaring the viewer away from ci-

ty life, seems less concerned with'the plot
than with the atmosphere it creates. He
thrusts the viewer into the city-scape for
ninety or so minutes, andthen challenges
him or her to come out of it thinking of
New York as “nirvana,” or even as a great
place to visit. This film can make a person
go to sleep at night and dream about the ci-
ty as the netherworld, where anything can

happen, and the craziest things usually do. .

The best part about this movie is that the
actors play the parts that they're given to
play, rather than simply doing a build up

' job on their reputations and shooting for a

any . .

“Furious Table," a waltz through the
elements, and "Subtle Camels Stumble
over," a song that immediately sends peo-
ple into fits of XTC.

- Pig's solo recordin and erformances,-
P

however, are another thing entirely.~While
scarcely more subdued they cover an even

 

 

". . . Pig's wonderfully unpredictable
.voice is the glue that holds the melange

together. . . ”

     

 

 

 

 

Aspects 3a

 

. T ey pay uman ings,
the kind that make the viewer think that he
or she could be any one of these people.
And this is what acting is all about.

For anybody who truly became terrified
of summer camp from Friday the 13th, or
still tells a chill when thinking about the
ocean after having seen laws a few times,
this movie almost guarantees to scare the
daylights out of you whenever you think
about the city, especially a city in which
any of the film’s events, when taken out of
the film, could be a typical headline in the
Post.

After Hours can be seen as a horror film,
_an art film, or a human comedy,but to get
that scary-fun thrill of a real life funhouse.
you just have to see it for what it is, one
fine night in New York. U

   

   

ASP Rating:

wider range. Beautiful, personal songs like
“At the Church Outside the Village" are
juxtaposed 'with "Benjamin Beat,”
children's stories and acapalle sing-alongs.
He must be seen and heard to be believed.
His style reveals the heart of the "Rogue
Folk" movement of which he is a leader.
The two prime elements of the movement
are cabaret and folk; the populist ideals,
storytelling mannerisms, and personal
tradition of folk music provides content,
the entertaining nature and cloaked com-
mentary of cabaret is the medium. Clive's
music, therefore, is both entertaining and
thought provoking. He draws his audience
in with his totally unique sense of humor
and snares them with his sometimes bizarre
song structures. Pig's wonderfully un~
predictable voice is the glue that holds the
melange together.
' Clive is returning to Albany for a few

- shows on his second American tour. He

will perform at the Halfmoon Cafe (a stop
he made almost exactly one year ago) on
Monday, October 7, and at Renssalear's
Duck Soup on Sunday, October 13. The
rumor mill has it that he will make a final
local appearance later in the month.

Pig, heavily influenced by David Byrne,

.crosses all musical boundaries and will

surely be a treat once again. Do yourself a
favor and check him out —- you'll become
a Pig-maniac, too. El

   

