2a Aspects

 

Good taste at“ m

a Ritz, right, Andy? Wrong.
Everything sounds good when it's
“Puttin' on the Ritz”. No crackers. Really.

Michelle, Krell-

Puttin’ on the Ritz, located 'at B Cental
Avenue, is the answer to what Albany has
been praying for since the cremation of J.
B. Scott's and The Chateau. Things looked
grim 'for a while as 288 Lark became
Albany's sole link to the world of national
garage pop and new wave. intrigued to the
point of challenge. Ritz manager Kevin
Murray and partner Dolores Bianchino
decided it was time for a change.

E verything tastes good when it sits on

 

 

On that note, Puttin’ on the Ritz jumped " ‘

from an unsuccessful attempt ata 30's and
40’smusic club intomodern crest and
trough. With bands like the Del Fuegos
and-The'Replacements headlining shows,
the club has itself become an item. The
club's relaxed non-pretentious atmosphere
could make anyone forget that they had
even paid money to get there in the first
place. Don’t believe it? Does Opy have
ears? '

A quickly squiggled eight is brushed on-
to the glass of the club's front door which
leads to a single ﬂight of red carpeted
stairs. The three chrome bars that give the
door its deco look, "are from a coat rack,"
Murray reveals. "See that metal plate to
the left of the door? That came from a
trailer."

People are banging hammers upstairs,
making way for what Bianchino hints as
the club’s expansion. Murray, excusing
himself for playing Ma Bell, is on the
phone with WCDB music director Claudia
Bensen, making plans for the evening
show. A few more calls and he swings
himself around one of the wooden tables,

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

L'A'Withfthe’ 100

 people Iliad .to turn
" down with the Del

Fuegos, I’m not 
afraid to try."

—Kevin Murray

 

 

pulling up a chair. The heat has just been
turned on for the first time in three days
and everyone is rubbing their hands
together. '

"The club scene in Albany is terrible,"
Murray mutters in response to a question.
"There aren't any clubs here in Albany.
288 tries, but they can only do so much.
We had 300 people here one Friday and

_ had to turn down about 100 people."

Because of this incident, Murray and Bian-
chino are considering doing a double take
on the headliner shows with the advance
sale of tickets. Pretty big for a small time
operation that averages a headliner or two
a week. “

in the December issue of Real George's
"Backroom Buzz," Mike Eck, a WCDB DJ,
describes Puttin’ on the Ritz‘s booking tac-
tics as "aggressive". Aggressive seems to be
an understatement as Murray divulges, "i

'go down to New York City twice a month

to check out bands We heard about,
bounce off ideas with a few people from
WCDB...l work through Northeast Talent,

 

 

 

 

 

 

THE BLOOD OFTHHE

immoral.
pm @@1@ '

BEGINS FLOWlNG WITH

DRACULA

 

 

and

FRﬁNKENSTEIN

 

 

Classic Horror
Tuesday PM 12 at 8PM

LC1

UAS Funded

$1.50

 

 

 

a booking agent here in town."

Theseating booths to the left of the
stage hint old time train coach seating, a
welcOme diversion from the traditional
club table and chair. The club’s stage has
room for a four to five person band and
even a few audience cohorts. its floor. is
covered in black and white tile and an unlit
neon sign that reads "Dance Hall" hangs ir
the very back of the stage (a remnant o
Puttin’ on the Ritz's original intention).

"We originally opened up with the concept -

of music from the-30’s and 40’s a little over
two years ago, " says Bianchino. "We
changed our concept because the adults
don't support the music scene in this area."

if adults don’t support the music scene .-
here in Albany then there is no question -
who does. "Local colleges, SUNYA, St. .
Rose, and R.P.l.," says Murray. Murray, .

who books both national and regional acts,
banks on rising new wave entertainment
which caters to the college community.
Rising entertainment means taking a
,chance, but Murray isn't afraid of it;

Quest

 

they are saying ': ‘  ‘

 

“When you’re guessing at what’s going up, .-
you find musicians try harder. With the;

100 people i had to turn down with the
Del Fuegos, i’m not afraid to try."

Prices aren't bad either. For local bands '
there's a two dollar charge. Anything ~ -
beyond local puts the range at three to four

dollars. Murray feels that he is "giving
New York City entertainment for Albany
prices," and he’s right. He charges one-third
to one-half of’what Danceteria or lrving

l Plaza charge and those are the cheapies in ,

Koch Land.

if Puttin’ on the Ritz doesn't get torched
or pull a Hullabaloo shutdown..— Albany
may get the music miracle it's been praying
for. Grafitti may begin to blossom in its
bathrooms and more than a few people

,might'take the Kevin Murray Challenge

seriously; "Complaints about no music
since J.B. Scott’s, The Chateau, and The
Hullabaloo being gone are past. Now it’s
here so let’s see if they really mean what

 

Where the margin meets the line

there is a dot...
dirt?
i tip-finger to the spot
and touch:

it grows

a lot
i reach around the rim
pull up '
look in ~
put a pinky down
into the dot:

it grows

a lot
i stretch down low
feel around
tow body behind
into the spot

i grow
a lot

 

 

where the margin meets the line—

Loren Ginsberg

 
 
 

 

 

r
i

international, popularity. , . y ,
There Were other successful team-ups in -
v ; ’84 such as ,that which producedChak'a.
j Khan's smash hit ’fifeel For You", the‘ first
I pop record with.rappi'ng.to-make the 'big
, . tinief. This is the first time'~ that rapping has
v- :3 ; been given such 'wide exposure'u ' 4
The entire project of creating‘ the [Fee
1 For You album was an awesome display of
>1 teamwork. Besides» the obvious? super-
w collaboration on the single "I Feel For You"

monicajby Stevie Wonder), 'there are the I
overwhelming efforts that went, into'the
album. " '
' ‘ For this one album. 9 producers, 15
studios and 25 writers were employed. As
you: can imagine, this cost Warner Brother
Reéords a pretty penny, but it' was well
worth it. They have cranked out anyex-_
traodinary album loaded with some of'the
most decent material Chaka has ever ut-
tered coupled with some new fresh ap-
proaches to music prodution and "recording
on th'evnational popular music scene. -.
Chaka Khan'isn't the only ace Warner .
Brothers is holding. Prince helped pull ‘
the rug out frbm under the Jacksons and
showered in his Purple Rain. Another suc-
cessful musical'marriage ‘Was made bet-
ween Purple Rainﬁthe blockbuster movie,

musicalsilike, Chase" and ~W
.  Story"), whichar‘e a rare breed
. + " Rick Springfieida P‘ l?
released 'inusicun

pop scene, his success is  more on his
talent than on his past image or reputation.
Even his last album 1999, which received

' .. some nationalattention,’was no warning of

the coming storm of success. He also gave
the public something totalkzabout‘besides -
Michael Jackson.

Unfortunately, there isn't much to say
about Michael Jackson in '84. but that’s not
his fault. His management sold him.- his
talent, his image, his name. This hurt the
Victory Tour in the end, and chased a very
shy Michael Jackson into hiding. Although
Michael tried to clear his name by making
it clear that he had nothing to do with the
Victory Tour “Money Grubbing Plan". it
didn't seem to lighten the burden placed on
him from “Thriller Fever", which wound
down into an unvictor‘ious reunion of the .
Jackson Brothers and delayed the release of
their first studio album in four years.

Too much success can hurt. and it cer-
tainly doesn't help to have a manager who
takes advantage of fans through some
ridiculous ticket‘by-mail system. Michael
finally convinced his manager to drop this
approach.

Perhaps now Jermaine Jackson will final-
) ly get the recognition he deserves. His
latest album entitled Iermaine lackson is
supurb and has been doing much better
than the Victory album. but that's not good
enough. This is without a doubt his
greatest solo album, which has great poten~
liai. if only the public would realize this. he
could crawl out from his little brother‘s
shadow to show his own talent. '

Another solo artist who has much to
celebrate is Lionel Richie. After only FWD
solo albums. he's already risen to super.
stardom. Lionel may not have received the
enormous national commerlcal recognition
that Prince or Michael Jackson have, but
he‘s got plenty of money in the bank. 80Id
records on his wall and awards ion his shelf-

 

- ‘ (song'byP'rinjcervocalsbyChakaKhan, rap .
Lg: '  bnyra‘ndmaster Melle Mel, and har-

albums and popular'_im’ages,' but no dic'eﬁ; _
Since Prince is a relative neWCorner, to «the, ' ‘

  

arr

‘ 4 7 H ,_.,_by.-_Davus Jenkens
. hé 1980’s have provenvbe very proﬁtable for black American entertainers, especial- .
l‘ , lyin the field of music. The vast majority of national chart toppers were by black
I . American performers. And this year big names like McCartney and Jagger made it
to tht op ten with the help of an even bigger name, Micheal Jackson. Julio iglcsias finally '
broke the barrier on the American em usic industry with his duet with Diana Ross (on his
album titled 1100 Bgl Air Place) —- a feat long awaited and denied, despite his enormous

 

J 2122

,1 -Ul?ban"COntei-riipor I i

l . by Lewis Lo‘uis

. anvmusic suffered through’the 19705 much the same way rock did. Slick and ac-
. cessible pop-fusion captured the public's ears and hearts as traditional and serious

' jazz fell into near obscurity, saved only by enlightened listners and die-hard fans.
The days of George Benson, Spyrogyra, and Chuck Mangione. Fehl Now the public and

media have grown ti
glossy surface the
of pop mass-mar

  
  
   

 

 

 

  
 
   
  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

Without overexposure, Lionel Richie has

become a homeholdxword. Lionel presents. ‘
rmhimself' With an image: .of a sincere,
:rtrustworthy and down to earth serenader.

No other black performer today has that
quality— except, of course, ,Stevie

. Wonder.

Stevie Wonder touched the charts again
this year with his number'one hit "1' Just
Called To Say l LoveYou" and "Lovelight
in Flight", also from his latest album. the

* sound track to The Woman in Red, prov-

ing that the ‘ole genius' still has that magic

.touch. Motown Records are thrilled that

whatever Mr. Wonder touches turns to
gold, even after all these years.

Motown still has the fire-power of the
Temptations. The Temps are burnin' again
with their latest album, which features the

- single "Treat Her. Like a Lady“, which is

currently climbing the charts and is already
a big regional hit.

Motown also has a new spark: Vanity.
formally of the group Vanity 6 (now
Apollonia 6), who has put out her first solo
album, generating her newest release,
"Mechanical Emotion", a growing regional
hit. The Dazz band also has a building
regional hit on the Motown label entitled
Let It All Blow. so don’t let anybody tell
you there is nothing happening at
Motowni ' '

Don't let anybody tell you there's
iothlng happening in Reggae. either. it's
true that 1984 was no better year than
usual for the recognition of Reggae in
America on the pop scene but Jah's music is
still kickin'l The artists most exposed in the
capital distict's college radio air play of
1934 were Steele Pulse (Rollerskales), Papa
Levi. (Mi Cod, Mi King). Yellowman (Disco
Reggae), Dillengcr (CB. .300) and Gregory,

 

,lsaacs (Oh! What a Feeling).

it is. is not certain how well these Dubs
didoutside of the Capital District, but,
with the current success of Reggae in
America, it is not too likely that these
regional hits will surface on the national
popular music scene. There are, however,
some regional hits that may.

There are some jams by rising stars_that
are very big in the Capital District and the
urban northeast that have potential to sur~
face on the national charts. They span from
balladeers like Ugene Wilde (with his
album Gotta Get You Home With Me
Tonight) and Glenn Jones (with his album
Finness) to discotec smashs including
Thelma Houston, Madonna and Nuance

and the rappers such as Grand Master

Flash, Curtis Blow, Grand Master Melle
Mel and the Fat Boys, all who deserve a
place on the national black charts now and
in the years to come. '

is it possible that these and other such
rising stars will surface on the national pop
music charts? Some are skeptical and con-
tend that street jams by artists like Force
M.D.'s, Fat Boys and the Furious Five
won't make it. They argue that, "only
street kids listen to street jams; they'll
never sell on the national market." ’

That's what was once said about New
"Edition, the group labeled "Jackson 5 im‘
personaters" a while back. who have
released their second smash album, which
has already generated two national pop
hits (and it doesn't sound like the Jackson 5
or anyone else but New Edtion) We'll learn
more about their album next time. For
now. enjoy those musical memories of the
year gone by and prepare for some new
anesl E]

' - -, this ersatz jazz, and they are fast finding out that just under this
waits to be redi5covered. Jazz music survived the lean years
ﬁ vered a bountiful harvest in 1984.
\
\

.Last year, hundreds of artists joined in

i this jazz renaissance. But it’s more than just

albums that made '84 a great year for jazz.
All you have to do is pick up a copy of the
,si’illag’e' Voice to witness the explosion of
"jazz~'ln the clubs. On a given night you
Vmight find as many as six or more well

known artists playing, often with backup .

,, musicians accomplished enough to be per-

forming on their own somewhere else in
town. Even Albany's own Nick Brignola is
back in the spotlight, playing every Thurs-
day night 'at the ltalia in Troy. .

V The heart of jazz is not in the studio but
in the clubs and the community of those
who play and love and live the music. And
that community isIfast becoming the solid
foundation for great jan, as it was back in
the ’40s and 'SOs —- spawning Parker and
Gillespie, Monk, Miles, Mingus, Blakey,
Coletrane and Coleman, among dozens of
other immortal artists of jazz music. 1984
proved that, far from fading away, jazz is
intensely alive — not as the passion of a
few odd fans here and there, but as
"America's classical music."

So who are these great jazz artists emerg‘
ing from‘ the obscure woodwork? First on
the list must be Wynton Marsalis, the
brilliant young trumpeter (barely old
enough to be a grad student) whose
parallel talents in jazz and classical have

“made him the‘ Michael Jackson of the

)

 

musical elite. His album Hot House
Flowersha pretty big hit as jazz albums go.
and has established Marsalis and his music
as a‘symboi of the jazz revival.

it’s great to see jazz getting this long
overdue exposure. but don't let all the

Wynton Marsalis hype overshadow the v

vast number of great jazz albums coming
out every week. For starters, there's Mar-
salis number 2, Branford, an excellent sax
player and composer who released his first
album, Scenes in the City, last year. Bran-
ford's solid quartet lays out some of the
finest traditional jazz music to be heard on
record today. <

Among the dozens of new artists work-
ing in the sounds and spirit of jazz, one of
the best around now is sax player David
Murray, who \(finallyi) released his first
solo album; Morning Song on the pro-
gressive Black Saint record label, last year.
A member cit the inimitable World Sax-
ophone Quartet, and a name that appears
on albums and club dates with the best ar»
tists around, Murray embodies the incredi-
ble potential for jazz in the '80s.

Speaking of incredible potential, 198-1
saw the release of Renaissance Man. a new
album from Ornettc Coleman disciple and
bassist extraordinaire Jamaaldeen Tacurna.
Never have funk, blues, and tree-form
been combined in such an exciting album.
The album ranges from last trenctic funk
to narrated poetry and string quartets. if
you're a person who takes listening to jazz
seriously, Jarnaaldcen's Renaissance Allan is
worth your while.

And if all this incredible new music isn't
enough for you (gee ——- we haven't even
mentioned Pat Methany yet). record labels
such as Pablo and Savoy are pouring out
recordings of Count Basie. Oscar Peterson,
Milt Jackson. Coleman Hawkins and scores
of other classic artists.

it' you've got the blues (or if you want
them) just keep an eye in the cutout bins of
any record store, or even your campus
bookstore, for a seemingly endless slew of
obscure traditional and new blues albums.

And all this is but the tip of a veritable
iceberg of 1984's great jazz music.

 

 
 
     
       
      
    
   

   
    

