 

mpact size makes it a breeze to

rk—even in a briefcase.
Whatever type of writer you
—just a beginner or in the fast

miracles never ceas

400. L05 AlthlOS(213)80CI~34II

 

 

 

a».  .

Anderson at ease: Where have you gone, Fluffy the Hamster?

C’mon, It’s a Trick!

Let 's (a [k geek. . . I don ’I mean thepeneil-neck in high school who
never got dates.

Harry Anderson is building toward the climax of his act, his
'igttature stunt, the geek trick. Geeks were the guys you used to
seeincarnivalsideshows doing the real horriblestufl‘. Like biting the
heads offlive chickens and eating glass. Well, Harry is going geek.
For openers he sticks not one but two long needles through his
forearm The crowd shrieks with disgust. Blood dripping on the
ﬂoor, needles sawing back and forth, Harry rolls his eyes at their
gullibility. "C‘mon," he shouts, uit‘s a trick! lfyour cat had kittens
Ill the oven you wouldn't call
‘em bitetiits. would ya?"

When Harry Anderson talks
geek, people listen. Now start‘
his fourth season as the boyish,
wise-cracking Judge Harry T.
Stone ofNBC‘s “Night Court,"
Anderson is one of network tele-

' tlso shown up on “Chee "
and on “Saturday Night Live“—
where he ttot only put a needle
through his arm but also skew-
ered a bunny and swallowed
Flutl‘y the Hamster whole. This
month he releases a new comedy
special. “Hello, Sticker," on the
Showtime cab ecltannel.

Blended in Anderson’s per-
formance Cuisinart are a little
stand-up comedy. a little magic,
the allure oftlic con ntati and it

52

 

homey rapport with the audience. He likes the con man best.
"There's something about a guy who admits he’s a liar that makes
you think he’s telling the truth," Anderson says, with the slightly
crooked grin of a hustler who could sell a can of gasoline to a man on
ﬁre and leave him thinking he had a bargain. James Burrows, pro-
ducer/director of “Cheers,” says, “He has a wonderful charm, a
very innocent face, sweet personality and is so endearing. Because of
it, you don‘t dislike him when he ﬂeeces you."

Anderson doesn‘t talk much about his background, but indica-
tions are that it wasn‘t pleasant, a lot of street time and shell gamesin—
stead of school. Turk Pipkin, a gifted stand~up comic and friend of
Anderson, says Harry ﬁnished high school in California under the
normalizing inﬂuence of a large Orange County family and graduat-
ed to the college, club and cauli-
ﬂower—festival circuit. His reedy
voice is a road map of his travels,
here a touch of the Northeast,
there a bit of Texas twang, the
rootless accent of thedrifter.

Anderson's break came iii the
mid-’7OS when an agent who
needed an opening act for Kenny
Rogers saw him perform. “Satur-
day Night Live" producer Dick
Ebersol then hired him as a spe-
cialty act to help recapture a little
of the show‘s early irreverence.

From there Anderson worked

his way into three episodes of

"Cheers" as a memorable con

man, “Harry the Hat." The

“Night Court" role seemed al- ' " ' '

most written for Anderson—a As the judge: ‘A natural actor’

cocky judge named Harry, who

presides over a courtroom of misﬁts and pulls an occasional card

stunt to keep the folks alert. But to get the part Anderson had to beat

out “real actors“ like Jeff Goldblum, William Devane and Barry

Bostw' k. “I feel like I‘ve succeeded with a big con," Anderson

says. ‘ don‘t see myself as alt actor.“ His colleagues insist, though,

that the “Aw, shucks" stance is just' one more con. Markie Post,
who is replacing Ellen Foley tlti

season as public defender on "
“Night Court," says, “He’s the t

most natural actor I've ever
worked with. He puts himself
into the character and makes it
work,whichallactorstrytodo."

To Anderson, the con man is

more than an act—he is a sym- 1

bol. People are attracted to
“anyone who is in control of
the game.“ Anderson says. “If
someone can handle people ef-
fectively, we are drawn to
him, whether he is a salesman,
actor. preacher or con man.“
Anderson says a good con shows
people “what we hope we can
becomegsane, in-cotttrol, well-
adjusted, wi. individuals." The
con entertains while It * swindlcs
and learns as he touches. “I look

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/SEPTEMBER 1985

Juniors, Seniors, Graduate Students

Apply for at Sears Credit Card now—while you’re still in school

The Sears Credit Card is onfdolf the Artstojst
valuable cards a student can aw. i e .‘ . "i
from its immediate usefulness, 3 Sears Charge  d Cu
Account could be your ﬁrst step in estab- ‘
lishing a credit history — to help you get the
credit you’ll need after you leave school. It s D D D D D U D D D U U D
easier to get at Sears Credit Card than you
might think. If you are a responsible person it L E ii i s
with the ability to pay your bills, Scars
believes you deserve credit and will handle
credit with care.

TO APPLY. MAIL THE APPLICATION BELOW OR CALL TOLL-FREE 1-800-323-3274

(IN ILLINOIS cm. 1-mo942a446.) sonnv, N0 muons APPLICATIONS mu mom mu

Fill In this application and bring It to the sum Convenience Cantor otyour nearby Sun Store. 0r told. not and mall.
Sears Roebuck and Co. Credit Account A o - lication Nowwk 9w

ding balances Irom month to month.
Finance charges not in excess at these permitted by law will be charged on the outstan -
PLEASE INDICATE BELOW NAME IN WHICH ACCOUNT IS TO BE CARRIED. COURTESY TITLES ARE OPTIONAL PLEASE PRINT

Ll MR. L‘lMRS IJMISS UMS

Address (To which you want your billing mailed)

Zip Code
Soc. Sec. Number at
No.

Residence Address
PM“ Nov Dependents
(Excluding Applicant)

Phone No
Bualnu .
Am you a Unit D Vb: It N0. explain
States citlzen Ll No Immigration status Mommy Rem of
ll;lr(:iwscaLnol"Agdliilra.«ia______.own [l Rent-Furnished l’l Rent-Unturnlsheo l] Board B Live With Parents Ll Mortgage Payments -

Ci and State
Name at Landlord or Mortgage Holder Street Address ty

Data 01

Name ol School Graduation

Lona
Zip
School Address
City and State
Monthly Cl Weekly El
How

Employer Street Address

How

long Occupation

Former Employer

(Illesslhﬂn 1 car with prosenloni - eri "n
All . Mid out. or upon maintenance Income need no r-
it mdiafwtwllnlonmitconoidcrodunbulltor Inl- obl lion. “5mm”

Name and addmus at Bank L] Chadd” “

Name and addruu oi Bank

it...“
PREVIOUS D YES At what Sear: Store do you usually snop’l Account Number
SEARS ACCOUNT? D NO ._

Name and Address at Parent or Nearest Relative other Than Spouse,

CREDIT REFERENCE _

NAME ACCOUNT 
NAME AND ADDRESS CARRIED IN _ __ _

Ammumu Buy” Flrot Nﬂmi) In tin wLint Name Relationship to council—til __
zit/M was SEARS IS AUTHORIZED TO INVESTIGATE MY CREDIT RECORD AND TO VERIFV MY CREDIT. EMPLOYMENT AND INCOME REFERENCES

NATURE OF APPLICANT “_______~_—__ DATEV_—__~_— D
xIAsTZIIgll TO PAY ron ALL CNANCIEI T0 T'NE ACCOUNT IN “Mm! WITH TN! TERM! 0‘ m “I CREDIT ACCOUNT AGREED!” WNICM "AE‘ LL "ND MI W DAV WHOM II AWE

Notir Addltonal lnlormatlon may be required by Sean to process this Sears Credit Account Agreement application. New Vork and Ohio Residents, See Notice on Reverse.
MOI Null

 

