- > u V...» wnmmwuwwr-vnwuwwwvhr ur-lem-u~. -~ ‘ wu- - - A

 

8.414%”), STUDENT PRESS D TUESD‘Y‘IMARC" 5' ms TUESDA Y, MAR-CH5, 1935 El ALBANY STUDENT mass 9

, Listen

 

. ‘ g I . ‘ - I I I I .
Community serVIceto rematntntact
By Doreen Clark ' Z I requirement for graduation. She said she feels it is
Although the retirement of SUNYA's Conimuni-l'an invaluable service to the community. the

ty Service Director Hedi McKinley may be an students. and SUNYA.
unwelcome change to those who work with her. no ‘_ Stuart Kirk. dean of the School of Social 5

Applications are being
taken for the paid
position of Editorial
Pages Editor. Call Ed,

ew ‘  "

 

 

‘ Listen World

There is a Holocaust Today-
Yet We Do Nothing! .

The. Jews of Syria,Ethi0pia and
the Soviet Union are Crying 
Out For Our Help

Yet We Feel Nothing! 

 

Tomorrow, March 6 the 13th day of Adar,-
is TANN IT ESTHERiTl-IE FAST 0F ESTH-

ER},Comemorating the day that Queen

Esther ‘ Fasted and Frayed for the Lives
of the Jewish People.

FEEL THE PAIN 0F OPPRESSED JEWRY

Join RZA in Fasting 8 at a Special

Prayer Service in front of the 0.0. at
12 noon Tomorrow,March '

Will You Remain Silent? RZA 

won’t

 

   

aw ..

 

g

 

leaves. I V

McKinley has headed the program in a part-time
position since its introduction by students in 1969.

Located near the uptown Rockefeller Coilege
contact office. the program supplies an average of
one thousand students to almost 280 agencies in the
Albany area. according to McKinley. Students
volunteer a minimum of 84 hours during the
semester and receive three course credits. she
explained. .

McKinley’s retirement is not expected to produce
any changes in the way the program is run. “1
would hope that there would be no changes what-
soever." she asserted. “since the program is doing
exactly what it is supposed to do -— provide.
service." ‘ . ‘

Because of the strong demand for the program in
the community and University and student support.

McKinley said she was “sure the program would _

continue." The only change McKinley would like to

inmates 7 - ‘3‘»

is ws PDAérEs

SUNY graduates a million

According to Vice President of University Affairs
L’ewis Welch. SUNYA is “putting special emphasis
on our alumni this year" in celebration of the
millioneth graduate of the SUNY system. ' -

We’re-establishing new regional alumni clubs a1
orier the nation including a couple in Texas.
Denver. and “Colorado, said Welch. “Basically
we’re moving wherever the alumni are,” he said.

There will be a larger alumni presence at com-
mencement this year too. said Welch. “We hope to
have representatives from as many classes as
possible.”

Bank appoints Wharton A

SUNY Chancellor Clifton R. Wharton. Jr.. has
been appointed deputy- chairman of - the ‘Federal
Resente Bank of New’ York. The appointment.
made by the Board of Governors of the Federal
REserve System in Washington was effective
January 1.. _» ,  ‘

Wharton was first appointed a "Class C" direc-
tor of the N w York Federal Reserve Bank in
January of 19& according to The News. a SUNY
publication. He as appointed to a full three-year
tern at the start 0 984.

Class C directors r‘apresent the public on the bank
board. ‘

NASTAR ski-challenge

Prizes worth $5000 and a trophy will be awarded
Thursday to winners of the fifth Annual Red
Cross/Hunter Mountain Ski Challenge at Hunter
Mountain.

Any amateur skier may enter the race which will
use the regular NASTAR course and a NASTASR
handicapping system will be in effect.

Registration will take place March 7 at Hunter
and will cost $25 per participant. The entry fee in-
clttdcs a chance at a lottery drawing for prizes such
as a season pass to Hunter and ski weekends at Jay
Peak. Stnuggiurs Notch illitl Sugar Bush. For more
information contttct John Hinds at 462-7461.

Berg eioctedRPi President

(AP) Dr. Daniel lierg has been chosen as president

 

of Rensseluer Polytechnic institute. after serving as

changes in the program are foreseen after she Welfare. said that a committee has recently been

formed to review the program and possibly suggest
candidates for McKinley's position. The committee
includes people from the School of Social Welfare.
Graduate School of Public Affairs (GSPA). and
Undergraduate Education. Their review should be
presented about midway through the semester. said
Kirk. - ‘

According to McKinley. SUNY Alb-axis the on-
ly school that offers a program such as Community
Services and the only cosi the program generates is
her salary.Students may work for agencies ranging
from the New York State Division for Historic
Preservation to the Girl Scouts of America.

Students participating in the program regard it
highly. “it has taken the student out of the
classroom and given him a practical education."
said Michael DaCunha, a student in the program.

“Volunteering;..gives you the opportunity to ex-
plore different fields and to meet new and exciting
people who have so much to give based on their

 

 

see in the program would be to make the-course a past experiences." stated Francine Billings. 1:1

“I would hope that there
would be no change
whatsoever since the

program is doing exactly"

What it't's “supposed to do‘
— provide service. "7

’ .r‘zea; McKinley

: ' 'l
"'1' "  ’-  Jr ‘
acting president for 10 months after the late George
Low left for treatment of cancer.

Berg came to RF] in 1983 after serving as dean of
the Mellon College of Science in Pittsburgh. and
>rovost and professor of science and technology at
Carnegie-Mellon University. At RPl. Berg has serv-
:d as provost and vice president for academic af-
"airs. He also served as acting dean of the school of
nanagement. Berg received his doctoral degree
from Yale University and was employed for 24
years by Westinghouse Electric Corp.. where he
had the title of technical director.

He was named acting presidentuof RPl‘ in June
when Low left in declining health. Low died of
cancer July 17. Berg was selected after a 14-member
committee reviewed more than 300 candidates over
eight months. "

Prof’s pension restricted-

A SUNYA professor and a rciired New York Ci-
ty policeman. William Brown illegally received
5135.000 in pension payments from 1962 to 1982.
state appeals court ruled Thursday.

Brown was restricted from the.pension money
because he held a state job while receiving the pen-
sion. said the Knickerbocker News.

Since no such pension restrictions apply to retired
employees who took jobs in the private sector.
Brown contended that'the law was discriminatory

sand plans to ask the state court of appeals for

review of the Case.

Spring conference blooms

The Department of Pucrto Rican. Latin
American and Caribbean Studies held its most suc-

ccsful Annual Spring Conference in three years Fri- ‘

day and Saturday.

"We had over 250 attending during tltc two day
conference." said Edna Acosta-Belch. chair of the
Department of Puerto Rican. Latin American and
Caribbean Studies. adding that "the response we've
received from participants has been nothing but
positive." . ‘

Acosta-Helen said the success 01‘ the conference
was probably due to the increased time'l‘or publicity
as well as an increased population of Hispanics in
the Albanyarea. This has caused state agencies
especially to have a greater interest in the Hispanic
community. said Acosta-Belen.

John or Dean at 7-3322

 

 

 

EricK. Copland
torney at aw
Practice Limited to

Immigration and Nationality Law
and Labor Certifications

488 Broadway, Albany, NY 12207
(518)434-0175

 

 

 

Sign up in CC 130 NOW

 

      

DITIO
for Teletn ’85

 

 

   

 

. The Telethon 
is onMarCh 22—23"

m: 13: 15‘

    

 

 

 

SOME COURSES
IMPROVE SCORES —
WE IMPROVE V
STUDENTS.~ T00! ,

   
 

BUILD YOIIII SKILLS
to MUSLIM" SCORE!
it PREPARE FOR:
LSAT-GMAT? GRE
LIVE CLASSES
- TEST-N-TAPE' LIBRARY
— REINFORCEMENT TEST
"u HOMESTUDY PACKET
CLASSES STARTING

in March and April
SPiil-Jl)1ili.\1)1.\'tiCidhhiﬁm .\l.iILli

W _H Bell Days. Evenings I Weekends

N STUYVBSANTPLAZA

EOUUTIONAL ALBANY
I cgumntm 4390077 A
.1131 PREPARATION SPECIALISTS SINCE 1335 "»

 

 

 

.d

 

 

 

 

Your homework [or this course In
to knit yourself a
beautiful sweater...

 

 

We‘ll teach you how to
knit in [will class
for area college students l

Wednesdays 1 - 9 pm

for 6 weeks beginning
March 20th
Special Student rate: $25
plus materials

Quill mow a “listen Alia-2 is ititmti‘isil Ll

 

 

 

1593 Central Avenue - Colonic

(1/4 mile west of MOI' Rd.)

869-6866

Mom. Tues” Wed. “1.. lo - 6
Than 10 ~ 9 Sat. 10 - 5

 

 

 

 

 

