 

10a Aspects on Tuesday

,, ,‘ hr...» my.

 

 
 
  

 

 

October a, 1985

 

ne night a year, Robert J. loses his
0 last name.
"Nobody uses their last name

here," the 17 year old high school baseball
player informed me as he led me to the
refreshment table. “Being anonymous is
one of the most important things about the
group. it makes everything easier."

Jim Lolly

The well-built, brown-haired catcher has
it easy already because he only loses his
last name one night a year, on April 13. His
father. Joseph J., loses it once a week.

Joseph J. is an alcoholic.

“i really don't remember when my
father went sober,” Rob told me as he
poured me a cup of coffee. The refreshv
ment table was covered with donuts, bot-
ties of soda, and a large coffee brewer, and
all around us people milled, most smoking,
as they waited for the meeting to start. "lt
was in 1973, and l was only eight. 1 think
he left us for a while, then came back
sober. i know he left: i don't remember if
that was exactly when."

"i remember that l was scared of him,
and then l wasn't."

Robert sipped his coffee and then mov-
ed through the crowd back to where his
family was sitting, with me in his wake. He
stopped to greet a few people on the way,
collecting a few, ‘My how you've growns'
and congratulations. One middle-aged,
brown-haired woman threw her arms
around him and burbled, "i3 years. praise
Jesus."

Joseph J. has been sober for [3 years,
and that night, April 13, was his anniver-
sary; [3 years as a member of Alcoholics
Anonymous. l'd been invited along by
Robert, who'd been my best friend for 10
years. l’d never known that his father, who
was one of the coolest fathers i knew, was
an alcoholic."

"People like that,” Robert said as we
moved over to where a couple of his
cousins were sitting. "they make my fathr
nervous. The group wasn't so heavy on
God and Jesus when he first joined. He
doesn't think God should be a part of AA."

“i mean, she's nice and all," he added
hurriedly, then grinned and said, "And so's
God. lint you can get sober without Chris-
tianity .. . my father did . .. so why in-
troducc it?"

Sitting with Robert is his cousin Joanne,
whose father is also a member of AA, and
his cousin Karen, whose father has just left

Robert J. lOSes his na-

 

 

 

her family because of his drinking
problem.

"i don’t know whether there’s some kind
of family thing that makes you more
susceptible," Robert explained. "it might
just be that my father and uncles all drank
together a lot, and got . . . addicted, lguess.
l’m not even really sure what alcoholism
rs.’ .

I asked him if he drank himself, at which
he grinned and said, l'Alla time, dude."

"Seriously, though, l watch myself," he
added. Like i said, i don’t know if this type
of thing can be hereditary. l'm just careful
to be sure that l can stop when i want, and
that l'm ‘ not using beer to replace
anything." “

"l‘don't know if that's what made my
father drink," he said. "l don’t know what
made my father drink. it's funny," he said,
looking at me thoughtfully, "i never asked
him."

When i asked him what made his father
join AA, he shrugged.

"Like i said, l'm not really sure. i could
tell you the. only thing I really remember.

"i was about eight, and my‘ brothers
were like five and one, and my mother
worked nights. She was a nurse. So my
father would come home, i guess pretty
regularly, get a sixpack or two, and drink
himself to sleep.

"i don’t remember whether that was a
regular thing — i only remember this one
story —— but i guess it must have been,
because i do remember hating it when my
mother left and it was just us and our
father.

"50 this one night, he‘s asleep on the kit-
chen table, you know, sitting down with
his head down on it, and my brother
James, who’s the baby, was screaming his
head off, and i had no idea what to do.

"Scott was crying, and l was having the
eight-year-old equivalent of a nervous
breakdown. 'cause l couldn't get my father
up, and i knew the baby had to be fed or
changed or something, but i had no idea
how to do any of that.

“So after about 25 minutes of this,
Scott's really crying and l'm getting real
scared. i go to the kitchen and grab my
father‘s shoulder and shake him hard, and
he falls off the chair onto the floor with
this huge bang."

Robert paused a minute. “Scotty freak-
ed. And I wasn't far behind him.”

"There was this guy living across the
hall, he was like 13 and delivered our
papers, so i went over there and rang his

 

r

l t i V
bell and said something like, “My Daddy's

m

asleep and he won't wake up.

"50," Robert breathed a long sigh, “he
came over and when he saw what was go-
ing onhe called the cops, and they came
and dried my father out. And my grand-
parents, who really hated my father, came
over and they were like, ’Why didn't you
call Mommy at work?’ and i said i didn't
know the number, so they said, 'Why
didn't you call 1157' and lsaid, 'Because you
hate Daddy,’ which really blew them
away. it was a weird night, all in all."

“it was funny that they were so surpris-
ed about it, likel didn't know what was go
ing on," he said. “i mean, l didn't unders-
tand the drunkenness, but even an eight-
year-old picks up on .things. My grand-
mother is as subtle as a brick when it comes
to her opinions."

This same grandmother, a nice, loud
lady with hair dyed red, was sitting next to
his father near the front of the meeting
hall, with Mrs. J. hugging the man con-
stantly. l'd been in Rob’s house and heard
the woman call Mr. J. her "favorite son-in-
law" about a hundred times.

“The key thing is you've got to admit

The pizza personality

recent commercial for a national

A Pizza Restaurant shows various

celebrities discussing their favorite

types of pizra. The commercials highlight a

fact that only leading psychologists and

readers ot national tabloids have known

tor years, You can tell a lot about a person

by the pizza that they eat. Consider the
' - ‘ v in point:

Elli. rrzrrafm

    

Lush-r Wimp occasionally takes a break
from rewriting his Calculus textbook to
havc a pi/la wrth his friends. What kind
docs he have? He‘ll have any kind that
everyone else rs having. tlc's too unasscr-
Iivc to have an opinion 7 - besides, he
knows l\t‘ was only invited along because
people Iccl sorry tor him. And when he‘s
at home with his family and loved ones,
what kind do they order? l’lain cheese.
l‘lain, boring cheese for a plain, boring
tarnily.

Missy Snubnosc, whose idea of
"roughing it" is a tour-lwrlroorn"suburban
home with only one and a half bathrooms,
eats pilza with a knite and fork. Never one
to over-indulge. she orders pizza with one
topping. 'l'he topping may vary from time
to time, but there are several toppings that

 

 

she never cats. The mere mention of an
chovies by her dinner partner could spoil
the whole evening. Mushrooms aren't a
vegetable,- they're a tungus. Pepperoni is
not real meat: sausage isn't either. They're
both just whatever's leftover. To think that
she'd have onion breath for the rest of the
night is ridiculous. So, the process of
elimination leaves little more than green
peppers.

Joe Sparetire, who has spent the last
three years talking about the great plays he
Would have made on the varsity football

 
 

 

team if he'd have tried out, likes pizza
more than anything else. He eats his pizza
oil a napkin and thinks beer was invented
specifically to wash it down. Perhaps the
most econornically-minded consumer. he
recognizes that the more topping per pizza
he orders, the less money he has for beer
and chips. Even though, pizza just isn't piz-
za unless he orders two or three toppings.
Ordering the "manly" toppings like pep.
peroni, Canadian bacon. or salami, he
typically stays away from vegetables such
as oliVes, peppers. or tomatoes. He doesn't

.g.‘

 

 

 

  

you're an alcoholi said Robert, steering
me away from his cousins. “Karen's father
won’t admit that he can’t stop himself from,
drinking, so he has 'just one drink’ and just
keeps going. That was how it was with my
father. He doesn't drink anything alcoholic ’

     
   

now,- he doesn‘t even use, the mouthwashes _

that havevalcohol in them: Because once
you get that first drink, you don't stop."

"There are a lot of organizations for‘
family members, too," he continued. "Al-
Anon for wives, Ala-Teen for kids. Karen
and Joanne go to . Ala-Teen, but their
fathers started drinking much later, when
they were old enough to really know what
was going on. ’

"i got lucky. l missed out on that.”

Suddenly, a voice called from the
meeting hall, so we headed back to where
everybody was sitting down. Robert and i
took posts against the wall as his father
stepped up to the podium. There was a
mild spate of applause: ~ .

"My name is Joseph J.," the distinguished
looking, gray~haired man began. “l’m an
alcoholic.”

"Yeah," his son next to me murmured,
with pride.

mind onions if that’s what someone else
wants but doesn't count it as a "real"
topping. ‘ .

Sara’ Smile, who majored in social
studies because she thought it was‘ all about
picking up men, has been known to have
an occassional pizza. With a zest.for living
life to it's fullest, she likes to “cider pizza
with the works. She may only eat one
piece, but Its got more t'opping‘siier square
inch than any other. (Her roommate, Deb~
bie Dateless, eats the rest.) When asked for
a preference, Sara mentions pepperoni or
sausage, the spiciest toppings. Debbie
prefers "large."

Heather Healthnut justifies her late night
pizzas because she "eats something from
each of the four basic food groups." The
crust and cheese takes care of the grain and
dairy groups. She always insists on order-
ing at least one vegetable and one meat.
often ground beef and tomatoes, but it
varies depending on mood.’

Even though not all of the pizza research
has been completed, there are a few rules
of thumb that the cautious person should
consider. People who eat anchovies are
gross. People who eat plain are boring.
People who eat garlic are very self~
confident. And people who don't eat pizza
aren't human. Ci

"WWW-r Win-~- M~W1Hm a...“ .

 

“4%.: away»; .. ,v. s. , .. ,-

 

October 8,. 198.5

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday 11a

 

The Workshop-—
walked around .SUNYA‘s
Downtown campus three times on
Saturday afternoon, .trying'to find
an open door to Page Hall, where i thought
the the National Shakespeare Company's

workshop, "Poetry in Shakespeare," was? 
going to be held. On "my third time. ‘
around. i saw a bus with the words "Na- '

tional Shakespeare Company" on the side;-
A young man was walking from the truck

into an open side door. 1 folloWed him and -” ‘.‘.

asked, “Could you tell me how to get to
Page, Hall?"  -- ' ‘-

 

Lo‘ren Ginsberg

'He looked at me apolg

very articulately, "l‘m sor’. Fdon t‘kﬂﬁw l ..
éonvin

don’t go to school here." ced that
he was one of them, I waited a few seconds
and followed him at a‘distance. Sqon, lwas

in Page Hall, and the acting company was _

setting up the stage for the evening perfor~
mance of Othello.

'l guess i looked conspicuously student-
like, because right away a few‘ people ask-
ed me if i was there for the workshop. 1
was then directed to a small classroom. In-
cluding myself, ten students were there.
The company's road ‘ manager, Mechele
Leon, lead the workshop. Her first ques-
tion was, "Are you all theatre majors?"

Every hand went up but mine. I admit-
ted to being an English major. i wasn't
ashamed. Then i learned that the workshop
would be about Shakespeare’s verse from
an actor's point of View, as opposed to a
scholarly examination of Shakespeare.

”. . . Youcanjustgoon '
foreverfulﬁllr'ng the
language. . . ”

-Mechele Leon

' 'be .so big’l'"

_ eduthe nipple from its boneless gums‘and

 

“When i was-in high school we read
MacBeth, and i thought it was the most
boring thing in the world," Leon admitted.
"But if you go into Shakespeare as an actor
and not an English student, it becomes very
exciting." i decided not to make trouble by
claiming to have enjoyed MacBeth in high
school English.

Leon addressed the fact that many peo-
ple are‘ intimidated by Shakespeare’s
works. "Every playwright has his own
feel," she said. “Shakespeare's got the same
tricks. The problem is that the language is
antiquated. . .' People think it's scary, it’s

. difficult, it's —- ARRRGH -—. but it's exact- ‘

ly that language that comes to-be your best
friend. You can just go on foreVer fulfilling
the language. it's just huge."

 

 

 

Packing-in a lot of information from her
seven years of professional acting ex-
perience, Leon used verses from parts she
has played and acted. out examples, of
Shakespeare’srstyle. .

Leon focusedon an intuitive approach to
'k yourself, 'What's going
han bogging yoursle
ly interpretation of the
anguag . _ "‘ypurselfg‘What’s going on
With this character that the words should
Using an example from a
. fonrier rol as Lady MacBeth,~ Leon in-
sisted, "You don't say,.’l would have pluck-

 
  
 
    
  
  
    
    
  
 

 

 

ShakeSpeare: In theoryand

try to draw the interests of students from
all areas of the university community. "it’s
a shame that people are reluctant to get in~
volved in Theatre Council if they don’t
necessarily want to be in theatre for life,"
stated Maria. "We don't want to limit our
activities to theatre majors; we wanted to
bring in something that all majors would
enjoy."

This year Theatre Council president
Kathy Donahue, along with Maria
Memble, followed up on correspondence

\that was initiated last year with the Na«
tibnal Shakespeare Company. For $3,850
they arranged for the group to come" to.

   
 
  
 

Deadembna (Alice Begmann) cornlons Othello (Dan Snow). .

dashed its brains out’ for poetic reasons.

. You say it because you have a heavy point

going.

Although the workshop was scheduled
to run from 4 to 5 p.m., after the hour was
up Leon offered to help the students with
pieces they’ve been working on. Everyone
seemed' willing to stay. One student
brought out a monologue that he had been
having trouble interpreting. When he said,
"This seems to make absolutely no sense
whatsoever," another student encouraged
him to “trust the text." Mechele Leon had
obviously gotten her point across.

The play,—

he workshop ended at 5:30, and the
T people involved in organizing the

8:00 performance of Othello seemed
anxious to get things under way. The Na-
tional Shakespeare Company was brought
to SUNYA by Theatre Council, a student-
run drama group. According to Maria

‘ Memole, the vice-president of. Theatre

Council, the group feels that they should

  

The Crazy lrtl
and other stories

of the atomic aftermath

Edited by Kenuburo 0e
Grove Press, lnc.
200 pages, $6.95

 

about a giant. purple mutant that

resembles an iris, right? Actually,
The Crazy his and other stories of the
aftermath is a collection of short stories by
Japanese writers whose lives were affected
by the atomic bombings of World War it.
The works are fascinating; minor details of
the aftermath are noted against the
backdrop of the entire destruction. The ef~
feet is profound.

Stacey Kern

T he stories in The Crazy Iris must be

 

 

 

 

SUNYA for a performance during their
1985-86 tour.

The company tours from September
through May, performing anywhere from
two shows a day to a show every two or
three days. Last week, the group had nine
performances, one of which was staged at
Siena College. Manager Mechele Leon ex-
plains that in the western regions the per-
formances are usually less frequent, simply
because the area is less populated. The 13
members of the touring company travel all
year together, each acting as well as con-
tributing to technical aspects of the perfor-
mances..,"There's nobody here who doesn't
do something else besides act," says Leon.

Traveling with almost seven tons of
equipment for sets, lighting,' and costumes,
the company has everything they need for
complete productions of Othello, Mer-
chant of Venice, and Comedy of Errors,
thelthree shows that they are performing
during this year's tour. "They just bring the
whole thing in, unfold it, and plug it in,”
says Alton McCloud, manager of
SUNYA's Performing Arts Center.

' Storisof the aftermath

The authors of this collection are briefly
introduced in a short statement by Ten-
zaboro Oe. Several directly experienced
the bombing, others did not. All of them
were around to pick up the pieces, though,
and no set of figures or data could ever
come close to describing as well as these
men and women what a job that was.

Yoko Ola, the author of "Fire Flies,"
describes her experiences with survivors
that were disfigured — burned and scarred
—— by the bomb. lnetio Sater, in "The Col-
orless Painting," describes the effect the
bombing had on an artist friend. Safer car-
ries the reader through past exhibits of
elegant, softly hued landscapes. up to the
artist’s present works. Again, there are
landscapes, but these are completely col-
orless, done in white tinged with gray.
Here was a man who suffered so violently
that he would allow himself no other color
in his life.

There is much pain in these stories. l’eo-
ple die, homes vanish, lives are permanent-

    

      

 

 

  

Everything was plugged in and ready for
a full house at Page Hall Saturday evening.
The staging was sparse; a backdrop with
the ocean painted on it, movable pillars,
and curtains were arranged to fit every
scene. The simple 'staging was very ap-
propriate for the play, allowing the au-
dience to focus on the acting and on the
play itself. I

In the first scene the actors spoke very
quickly, making it difficult to understand
the opening of the play. Either the actors
were a little nervous, or the audience was a
not yet adjusted to Shakespeare, or both.
By the second scene, however, the actors
spoke clearly and the audience was tuned
in to the moving tragedy of Othello. With
all its twists of love, jealousy, false friend-
ship and murder, one audience member
commented, "This is just like Dynasty."

Richard Perloff played the dishonest and
mischievous lago. He is mildly evil;
everything he plots is for selfish. immoral
intentions, but he seems to enjoy these acts
so much that the audience enjoys his
character. He works well with his naive,
right hand man, Roderigo, played by Ezra
Barnes. (the articulate young man who I
followed earlier in the day).

Dan Snow is a fantastic Othello, with his
bald head sweating more profusely as he is
further tortured by lago‘s tales of his wife's
,infidelity. He captures the dramatic com-
bination of tenderness and madness
through his command of verse and his ex-
cellent stage presence. Desdemona com-
pliments him well; the clear, high voice of
Alice Bergmann softens Snow's deep
rumbling.

As the plot thickens, with lago stirring in
the corn starch, other characters ironically
refer to "honest lago." Little jokes in the
text come through loud and clear. The ac-
tors successfully, as Mechele Leon puts it,
"fulfill the dialogue."

The interpretation of the play is not in
the costumes, lighting or sets. The National
Shakespeare Company makes it clear that
the beauty of Shakespeare is in the words.

ly disrupted: yet the most frightening
aspect of these pieces is the near detatch-
ment exhibited by the authors. They
describe radiation poisoning; fallout
sickness, and even death in almost com-
pletely non-emotional terms.

“The Crazy iris" is an iris that blooms out
of season in the pond of a friend’s home,
but it is also about how people deal with
daily horrors. The author notices the iris.
and also a dead body floating next to it. in-
forming his host and hostess, he finds that
they simply notify the police and pass the
incident off as another Hiroshima victim
who tried to run from the inescapable
death that would slowly destroy him. The

hosts, it seems, were more agitated about

the "crazy iris.”

The best way to learn history is through
personal accounts, and this book is proof of
that. The Crazy Iris moves and horrifies at
the same time. it should be required
reading for anyone who supports nuclear
weaponry. Cl

