 

The company
you keep

“Know him by his friends . . ."

In the 1950’s Senator Joseph McCarthy
used this concept in his campaign to rid the
U.S. of all threatening dissent, real or
invented.

it was a terrible time for this country:
citizens were not only scrutinized for their
own beliefs, they were held accountable for
their friends’ views, as well. People who
were simply suspected of once associating
with communist sympathizers suddenly
found themselves out of a job, unable to
find work anywhere.

This same dangerous ideology has recent-
ly appeared on our own campus. The Revi-
sionist Zionist Alternative (RZA) is cir-
culating a poster that asserts PLO leader
Yasser Arafat’s close ties to such infamous
world leaders as Khomeini and Castro, and
then tells us to know and judge him by these
friends. » *

Not only is this a dangerously inaccurate
means of judging a person, as this country
learned the hard way in the 50’s, but in the
case of Arafat we don’t need to condemn
him for the company he keeps.

We can instead convict him for the crimes
he’s committed against countless innocent
victims. We shouldn't judge him for his
political alliances, but for the terrorist acts
his Palestinian Liberation Organization has
been responsible for:

For the 35 killed and 80 wounded on two
Israeli tour buses in 1978; for the two-year
old boy who lost his life and the four small
‘children who were wounded by a PLO ter-
ror unit in 1980; for all the Israeli children
who’ve spent night after night sleeping in
bomb shelters to escape artillery barrages
from PLO guns; and for hundreds of others
who've suffered at the hands of his
murderous terrorists.

These are the only kind of facts by which
we should denounce Arafat. Not even our
own president could afford to be judged on
the basis of political alliances. After all,
Reagan’s allies have included such human
rights failures as El Salvador leader
Napoleon Duarte and the right wing guer-
rillas in Nicaragua. Yet despite Reagan’s list
of less than perfect allies, we still wouldn’t
equate him with Arafat.

RZA makes a grave error in encouraging
this irresponsible method of judgement.

Eyal Arad, a member of Israel’s delega-
tion to the U.N. and RZA’s guest speaker
last week, told his audience we should judge
terorists according to their deeds and not
their causes.

Arad's statement was incomplete: we
should judge terrorists by their deeds and
not their causes -— or their friends.

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

On Thursday the United University Professions (UUP)
Chapter on the Albany campus will be demonstrating to
draw attention to the failure of the current contract talks
to reach any agreement. This is the first time in my
memory that the group has taken such an action, and it
deserves some explanation. it is unusual for a union of
academics, both teaching and non-teaching, to make such
an issue of their contract.

Myron Taylor

Bargaining for a new contract with the Governor’s 0f~
fice of Employee Relations (OER) began last January.
While the OER is charged with the responsibility for col-
lective bargaining. it must not be forgotten that the
SUNY Administration is also a party to the talks. And
when an agreement is reached, it must also be ratiﬁed by
the state legislature. Such a process is obviously cumber-
some. This time it has proven to be near to impossible.
The State has a strong desire to treat its agreement with
the university staff very much like it treates those of any
other state agency. But a university is not just a state
agency, and many different issues must be discussed. The
planning of the package the UUP would offer the state
began more than a year ago with discussions on each cam-
pus. A consolidated proposal was drawn up a year ago
and presented to the state at the ﬁrst bargaining session in
January. The process went nowhere, and a formal im-
passe was declared last summer. At that time mediators
were called in to see what could be done to get the talks
underway again. They have made no progress.

Frustrated by their inabililty to get a contract, the UUP
is increasingly turning to the public to get its case
recognized. Hence the campus demonstration. Students
at Albany do have a major stake in the outcome of these
contract talks.

Complicating the contract talks this year is the bill
passed by the last legislative session, with UUP support.
granting a measure of management flexibility both to the
local campus chief administrative officers (Campus
Presidents) and to the Chancellor. Under the new system
the Administration can move funds about from campus
to campus. This new prerogative is seen as a dangerous
threat by many staff personnel. The state colleges are
especially sensitive to the possibility of seeing their pro-
grams eliminated and the funds transferred to the more
"glamorous" research operations at the University
Centers. But equally Albany might lose programs to other
Centers. The major concern of the union is that this must
not result in a new wave of administrative retrenchments,
such as racked this campus ten years ago and resulted in
the elimination of undergraduate programs of great im-
portance to students, and to the University being placed
on the censure list of the American Association of
University Professors, a distinction it still holds in l985.
Protection against arbitrary retrenchment is a vital com-
ponent in the protection of academic freedom, and is
perhaps the major concern of the academic members of
the UUP. Students have a major interest in the issue too.

A major concern both to faculty and professional staff
is the issue of longevity awards as part of a salary agree-
ment. Such arrangements are almost universally present
in contracts with educational unions — always present in
all agreements in the public schools. As they gain ex-
perience teachers deserve to see their salary increase. Past
contracts have resulted in an increasing spread between
those at the top of the salary scale. mainly in research,
and those at the bottom, who largely consist of the

 

UUP’As iModest Proposals '

teaching faculty. Longevity pay is‘ one way of rewarding
those who have been most loyal in their educational ser-
vice and yet most unrewarded in terms of their salaries.

Minimum salaries are another major issue dividing the
two parties. Salaries in the SUNY sys.em can be as. low as
$l4,000 - and minimum salaries offered by the City of
New York to its teachers are $20,000. Presumably those
who teach the public school teachers ought'not to be paid
one third less than those they teach.

Of most interest to the non-teaching professionals in
the UUP is the issue of a promotion ladder. Personnel
cuts over the past decade have led to a demand for much
higher productivity on the part of professionals - more
work with fewer persons to do it - andti‘ shrinking
possibility of advancement in a career. A promised study
of the situation that was negotiated in the/last contract
three years ago has never been published. possibly
because the results of the outside study were so damaging
to the state’s case. Such a promotion ladder is a major
issue dividing the OER and the”UUP. '

Another major issue on virtually every American cam-
pus is that of part-time teachers. i recently referred to
them as the migrant workers of American education - the
academic wetbaeks. Because of the tightness of the
market, and the consequent unwillingness of administra-
tions to grant tenure, there has been a move towards us-
ing part~time faculty to teach large numbers of
undergraduate classes. Deprived of all job beneﬁts, and
woefully underpaid, these exploited faculty constitute a
genuine threat to all academic standards inAmerican
universities. The UUP has insisted that such individuals,
fully qualiﬁed in every respect to be full time faculty,
must also be paid an equivalent salary and be granted the
same beneﬁts and protections as their colleagues. The
possibility of hiring such adjunct faculty so easily and so
cheaply provides the administration with an almost ir-
resistable opportunity to gain flexibility in staffing while
saving a great deal of money on instructional salaries.
Students pay the same tuition whether their faculty
member is full time or an exploited part-timer. But part-
timers who are busy running from campus to campus in
order to make a living wage cannot possibly give students
the attention they deserve. Their first loyalty must be to
their own survival and not to their campus
responsibilities.

Many other issues divide the two parties. The basic
issues are not those of compensation. Rather they are
questions of protecting academic rights and some
measure of justice within the compensation structure of
the university. Every one is an issue that affects campus
morale and academic quality. Students have a vital stake
in the outcome of these contract talks. The issue is quality
and access.

in past years the UUP has joined with students to fight
for the restoration of devastating budget cuts and to roll
back proposed increases in tuition and other fees. 0n the
Albany campus in particular UUP has worked closely
with the Student Association and with SASU on any
number of issues of mutual concern. The alliance that has
been forged at Albany between students and the staff
union is a major resource for both. This time we need
your support in our attempt to negotiate a just contract
with the state. One that protects our most vital interests at
the same time as it enhances your own educational
opportunities.

 

Myron Taylor, a professor of English. is the Albany UUP
Seereta ry

 

 

t mmermmmmnmmmemwnw ,l. .. W , w _,

._ us... .t....- n. ..p _........ .

  

Thanks students
To the Editor: .

I would like to take this opportunity to thank SUNY
students for their fantastic support of the “Pledge For
Racial Equality.” Many people have already pledged not
to work for companies doing business in South Africa
while the racist system of apartheid still exists. Student
power has already forced the SUNY Board of Trustees to
divest SUNY funds from companies indirctly supporting
a system of state sanctioned inequality.

This pledge is going on all over the state on many col-
lege campuses. In fact, the idea came from the action that
Harvard. Yale, and NYU law students took to boycott a

prestigious Washington D.C. law firm that had a South

African client. When these students from obviously top
notch schools refused to even work for this firm (Cov-
ington and Burling) as a matter of principle, the firm was
successfully pressured into dropping the client —— South
African Airways.

With overwhelming pressure from all over the world,
the South African government has already been forced to
make some concessions. If we persist, we can force them
to go all the way — in other words. every little bit helps.

Thanks again, SUNYlAlbany.

— Jyoti Balaltrlshna
NYPIRG Vice President
Divestment Committee

Takes exception

To the Editor:

i would like to respond to your editorial in the October
18th issue entitled, “For Business Majors Only." The
Career Development Center (our name since 1984) did
assist Delta Sigma Pi in Career Day planning by pro-
viding them with an extended list of companies and agen-
cies who hire graduates in all disciplines. These organiza~
tions were invited. However, we cannot control who at-
tends or who cannot or wishes not to. .

Also, I represented the Center at our table for the

 

whole day except for lunch and a few other minutes when

 

_ -Gﬂspectts

Heidi J. Gratin. Editor In enter
Dun Chang. Manna/Hg Editor

Allell clmborn. Janina O‘Sulllvan
................... ..lleno Wolnetaln

  

 

' ‘ I "M" Ginsberg
mourn" Editor .......................................................... ..Ian Spelling
" ‘ " “Inhnl Eek

 

tut. as

soon 0 Editor
Editorial Page: Editor....

 

.lohn Keenan. Son/or Editor

contributing Editor. MIN Bonn-n, Donn Bolt. David L.L. Lnakln. Wayne
Poemboom Editorlll Aulountl: Karen E. Bock, Rachel Brulow. Pam Con-
way. Ken Dombaum, Boll. Dumbo, Blll Jacob, Mike MncAdarn. Brend-
Schullor Proviow Editor: Pam Sohuotonnnn Stall wrllorn: Jlrn Avery. Dlvo
Blatlo. Loalia Chall, Ethan Chuln, inn Clements. Andro- Corlon. Mike Dor-
manaky, Lin Jacket, David Knee. Stacey Kern. Mark Kobrlnaky, John Lab-to.
Corey Lovltln. Caryn Milka, Pater Sande, Koran Sohlomy. Rick Swanson.
Michael Skolnlck, Angelina Wang

Margin Roonnthal. Business Manngcr
Stephanie Sohonlul. Auocllio Bualnns Manager
Maura Kallolt. Joell Mldllrolty. Advertising Man-porn
Dan Fletcher. Sales Manager

Amy Bilbo!
, ,. I=el|nlat3uulln
Cinciiiod Manager-  ...... ..Laurn Balms. TrIoII Paul
Advertising sou: Karo . , ammy Dlvlnglio. Drew Fung.
Rich Lllt, Michelle Pllatl. Donna Sohrolher Advertising Produollon: Greg
Bahrenot. Eileen Chan, Jlli Gentile. dunes Horn-r. Keith Krnughlc. Alyce
Margolin, Annolto Muller, Sharon Heed. Erlo Roth Ollie. Stall: Liu Blohior.
Jannllor Chacnioa. Rob Mulnalll > _ ,

 

   

Pnlrleln allnnola. Production Manager
Klrlton Orilt. Slovan Flahorty. Assoc/ale Production Managers

 

Chlol‘l'ypoulter. ...lunnlna Dlnnuun
Yyplnln: Laura . am , Paltoup: Nanny
Oramannrnee Flood. E. Phllllp Hoover. D. Darrel 8m. M.D.Thomplon. Sonia
Valentin cmllour. .llrn Lnlly

 

 

Photography principally Iuppllod by Univ-telly Photo amino. l student
rou

“ChlorPhoiogr-phon Kenny Klnun UPS atoll: Michael Aakarmm. snarl Albert,
Myrna Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Droilul. Chuck Ginsberg. Em Mauror. Mnrh
Medlavllln. Llll Simmons. Linn-a Eporilng. Erica Bpiagal. ‘i’lnyn Btuio, Cathy
Slmud. Howard 1ygnr. Matti Vooaralll

Entire aonllnll copyright 196! Albany Sludont Pro“ Corporation. all rights
reserved.

The Albany Student Pm: is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by llll Albany Student Press Corporation, In independent
nol‘lor-prolit corporation. I

Editorials on written by the Editor In Chiol with momberl oi the editorial
Board: policy ll subject to review by the Editorial Board. Adv-ruling policy
«on not «usually retinal editorial policy.

Malllng edema:
Albany student Prue. 00 :29
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222
(518) «1606056605662

 

 

 

 

law's. az-uuwu a hill vo’alol‘wo-u a». I a . . ..

tsangwn.aaa......u...e.t..r....

\

.. .,.,..L...;.um-t...weu.-

 

I had some obligations at the ofﬁce. I also provided new
brochures describing our services as well as workshop
schedules and recruiter information. I lost count of the
number of students with whom I spoke.

I take exception to the general tone of the editorial and
would be willing to discuss the services of this ofﬁce at
any time. "‘

— Victor J. De Slntls
Recruiting Manager
CDC

Walkathon planned

To the Editor:

Need something to do with all of your friends?
Something different and worthwhile? Unwind after those
midterms and join your fellow students, staff , and faculty
in a‘ walkathon to help raise funds for the van for disabel-
cd students. '

It‘s great to be able to go downtown or off to the malls,
but for many students, a wheelchair conﬁnes them to the
campus. The van that the disabled students currently have
at their disposal is unreliable and unsafe. Because there
are very few alternate forms of transportation available,
we need your help.

The R.A.’s of Alden Hall on Alumni Quad organized a
walkathon to be held on Saturday, November 9th at 12:30
pm. The walk will begin at the administration circle and
will continue around Perimeter Road for three miles. Par-
ticipants can walk around Perimeter Road for three
miles. Participants can walk around as many as three
times for a total of 9 miles. Sponsors will pledge the
walkers a certain amount of money for each mile they
complete. After the Walkathon, the walkers will collect
the appropriate amount of money from each pledger.

Many of the major groups and fraternities on campus
have already been contacted or will soon be contacted
about assisting us with various aspects of the walkathon.
mainly, the distribution of sponsor sheets. Sponsor sheets
will also be available in all of the Quad ofﬁces and in the

S.A. ofﬁce. We need your involvement to make this event ’

a success. If you aren’t able to walk with us then please
sponsor someone who is.

The University budget has not provided for adequate
funding for the disabled students van. Because of this sad
fact, it is up to us. the members of the University com-
munity to insure that everyone has a safe method of
transportation off-campus. If you would like any addi-
.tional information about this event, please contact Peter
Katz at 455-6648.

— Peter Katz
-- Alden Hail R.A.

Lockout policy

To the Editor:

This reply is in response to a letter written by an “Upset
Resident" that appeared in the October 22 issue of the
ASP. As a Resident Assistant on State Quad, 1 can tell
you that the policy in question (no lock-outs 8 am - 5 pm)
is not only fair, but the only way to handle the situation.

To begin with, R.A.'s and Directors are “on-duty" on
a rotating basis. During the times that they are on duty
they are issued “master keys" for emergency use. in time.
lock-outs were added to the duties of R.A.'s. The reason
lock-outs are not performed 8 am - 5 pm weekdays is that
R.A.’s have classes during those times. They can not and
should not be expected to perform lock-outs. Further-
more. to insure the safety of the residents. the keys are
kept under lock and key and can only be accessed by the
directors. The maintainance staff has more than enough
to do without having to worry about lock-outs. as you
would have them do.

As to your second point, i must agree with you. You do
indeed have the right to get into your room whenever you
want to. That is why Residential Life issues every resident
with keys to the front, suite, and room doors. That way,
you can come and go as you please. However, with every
right there comes a responsibility. Your responsibility is
to take your keys with you wherever you go. if you forget
them or lose them, it’s your fault, not Residential Life’s.

As to your final point, directors don't pay for their
apartments because the apartments are part of their
salary. Saying that this is “pretty strange” is about as im-
mature as not including your name with your letter.

—- Eric H. Llndenman

Setting the record...

To the Editor:

There is a lot of misunderstanding and unjustified
criticism being directed toward Campus Crusade for
Christ as a result of unintentional misleading reporting of
our College Life on the topic of “Success” and the ir-
responsible and intentional choosing of the caption
“Jews will not go to heaven... they are condemned to hell
if they don't accept Jesus" by the ASP editors. i would
like to set the record straight.

First of all. Mr.Sorensen is not a brash and harshly
outspoken individual as the article insinuates. He is a gen-
tle giant, towering 6’8" and so gentle, soft spoken and
sensitive that people almost had to strain to hear him.

Secondly, the quote chosen for the caption never took
place during the meeting as the article infers. It took place
during an hour long conversation between the reporter
and Mr.Sorensen after everyone else except the Campus
Crusade staff members had gone. In personally checking
with Mr.Sorensen. he assured me that he was under the
impression that the interview was over. He gave the
answer as a response to a direct question that he inter-
preted as the reporter attempting to come to grips with
Mr.Sorensen's statement that Jesus of Nazareth is the on-
ly way to God.

Likewise, the reporting on President Reagan, the
Rev.Jerry Falwell were not a part of the talk and did not
take place during the meeting. The statements made
regarding these men are Mr.Sorensen’s views and do not
represent the views of Campus Crusade for Christ. We, as
an organization, do not judge and do not take a stand
either way.

Last of all, Mr.Sorenscn is not anti-Semitic. His answer
was simply upholding Jesus' statement in John 14:6 “1
am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to
the Father. but through Me." The question was asked in
reference to the Jews, yet according to Mr.Sorensen. in
the context of the conversation. the answer should have
been understood to be just as applicable to anyone else,
regardless of race, ethnic group, religion or natonality.
We with Campus Crusade for Christ are not anti~Semitic.
We will never sponsor nor support anyone on campus
who is anti-Semitic.

— Lawrence Wakefield
Campus Director
Campus Crusade for Christ

...straight on speaker

To the Editor:

We have found it interesting reading the responses of
some campus ministers to the remarks made by a recent
guest speaker, Burt Sorenson. Their letters were
speciﬁcally directed at comments he made concerning the
eternal destiny of individuals. They could not “accept a
picture of a God who would condemn the majority of our
world’s population...” However they gave no Biblical
support for their opinions. in fact, they would have been
hard-pressed to ﬁnd any. although the Bible does address
this particular subject in numerous places.

Perhaps it would be best, in speaking from the Chris-
tian perspective, to let the words of Christ himself do the
talking. Someone once asked Jesus. ‘ 'Lord are only a few
people going to be saved?" He responded, “Make every
effort to enter through the narrow door, because many, i
tell you, will try to enter and will not be able to."(Luke
l3:23-24) At another time He stated “Enter through the
narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road
that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But
small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life.
and only a few ﬁnd it."(Matthew 7:l3-l4)

The following quote of Jesus makes it quite clear who
will be saved and who will be condemned. “For God so
loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that
whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal
life. For God did not send His Son into the world to con-
demn the world but to save the world through Him.
Whoever believes in Him is not condemned, but whoever
does not believe stands condemned already because he
has not believed in the name of God's one and only
Son.”(John 3:16-19)

Perhaps the real issue is not Burt Sorenson's “appeal-
ing " statements, but whether or not Jesus spoke the
truth.

—— Bob Dole
—- Sam Hazleton

 

The ASP welcomes
letters from readers. All
correspondence must
include the author’s name
and a phone number for
verification. The ASP
will not print anonymous
letters.

Letters may be mailed
to us or brought to
CC329.

 

 

 

 

 

