   

 

Twenty years ago, this headline would
have spurred angry students to hit the
streets shouting “Hell no, we 'won’t
go!!!” and condemning the United States
for its interventionist foreign policies.

Today, this headline goes unchallenged;
worse, unnoticed.

To the students of the sixties, nothing
the government said was to be ignored or
taken at face value. They learned the hard
way that the American government isn’t
always honest. They found out the truth
behind their president's words, piece by
piece, until one day, they found
themselves in Vietnam, in uniforms, and
then it was too late.

In February of 1965, President Johnson
declared that his administration was deter-
mined to continue its policy of “helping
the people of South Vietnam preserve
their freedom.” By July of that year, he
had 125,000 U.S. soldiers committed to
Vietnam and was seeking higher draft
calls. ,

In February of 1985, President Reagan
said he hopes to remove the Sandinista
government, a communist regime ,which
took control of Nicaragua in 1979. Until
recently, Reagan had always maintained
that our only interest in Nicaragua was to
prevent them from arming El Salvador.
Now, when no one’s paying attention
anymore, the truth comes out. His real in-
terest is in controlling Nicaragua.

' He's already spent $80 million in covert

aid to support the rebel insurgents, now
he’s asking congress to allocate another
$14 million. That would come to $94
million spent arming rebels in a country
whose population is only 2.6 million.

Reagan claims the U.S. backed contras,
who he refers to as “freedom
fighters”,are fighting against a “cruel”
and “brutal” government, but sources
outside the U.S. government say the rebels
kill hundreds of innocent people and
destroy crops, schools, clinics and homes.
And they’re supposed to be the good guys.

When Reagan was asked whether he
was seeking a~ complete overthrow of the
Sandinista government, he answered,
“Not if the present government would
turn around and say ‘uncle”’ to the
Nicaraguan rebels. House Speaker Tip
O’Neill later offered the perfect response,
“The United States has played ‘uncle’ in
Latin America for far too long. It is time
to play brother.”

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

CW PIG” SUVlCO

w/ -~———.W;

 

 

Right now, people all over the country are trying to.

ﬁgure out the best method to convince the Pentagon to
stop building weapons, as well as destroy the ones that ex-
ist now. Despite protests, the Pentagon has stood firm. A

free thinker named Walter Abelson feels that he has the .

solution to provide for U.S. disarmament. I spoke to him
aboutit the other day.

I Gerry Silver .

"Did you hear about Congress' latest weapons
blunder?” Walter asked me.

"if you mean the Sergeant York, [did readvthatzthey
were having some problems with it." ’ 

"They’re having more than problems. The Sergeant
York was built for the sole purpose of shooting down
low-ﬂying planes and helicopters, and it can't shoot down
either." .

“You don’t expect me to believe that, do you?"

“It's true. The Sergeant York is a radar-guided'gun,

 

and must aim ahead of the plane it is shooting at.’

However, it can‘t predict which direction the planes are
going to turn, and the guns keep missing."
“All right, 1 can accept that. But even the most
simplistic weapon can shoot down a helicopter."
“You’re right. I'm sure even the Sergeant .York would
be able to shoot down a helicopter, if it could pick it up
on the radar, but for one reason or another, it can't."
“How could the Pentagon let this happen?"
“You see, part of the problem is that the government

keeps awarding weapon contracts to a single source, in- .
stead of arranging for competing suppliers. As a result, '

we're not encouraging the producer to do the best job he
can."

“We’re also spending more money than we would
spend in a competitive situation."

“Exactly. Congress spent 6.3 billion dollars on a gun
that doesn’t work. But after some serious calculations
and study, I think it might prove to be: a worthy
investment."

“What do you mean?"

“Well, a receiit trend has been that whatever type of
weapon the government produces, it either doesn't work
or is obsolete."

“Granted. What of it?"

"Therefore, the best-way to lower the amount of
weapons in the country is to encourage the government to
produce as many weapons as it desires."

“Wait a second. if we encourage the government, do
you realize how many weapons and bombs we’d end up
with?"

“it doesn’t matter, none of them would work
anyway."

“it gets better. Many of our older weapons are not as
technologically efﬁcient as the newer weapons of the

 

Subtraction by additiOn'

Soviet Union. Congress worries about this, and replaces
the older, although still semi-effective, weapons with new
ones that couldn’t hurt a fly. We end up with_ fewer
weapons than we had in the ﬁrst place, simply by produc-
ing more." . .

“It’s an interesting concept, Walter, but there are still
some wrinkles that need to be ironed out. Do you realize
how much money, money which could be going to help
out the lower class, will be wasted while the government
builds powerless weapons to its heart’s content?"

“1 know. It won’t be cheap, but it’s the price we have to
pay for w'orld peace. The lower class will just have to bite

the bullet, because if we don’t spend the money for more ,

missiles now, there won't be any more USA.” I

“1 admire your patriotism. One more problem: It takes

the U.S. years until they spend the billions of dollars that

‘ are necessary to produce a weapon that’s utterly useless.

By the time your plan is accomplished, it, may be'too
late." '

“l‘m aware of thatLThat’s why I am in the process of
arranging one of the strongest campaigns in U.S. history
to build as many missiles as it can, and as quickly as
possible.”

“What will this campaign consist of?"

“We’ll start off by having a huge demonstration in
Central Park, where we will do everything we can to stir
up interest in a military build-up. But that'll just be the
beginning. We’ll advertise on radio and television, sell t.
shirts, buttons, even bumper stickers. In fact, we already
have two bumper stickers ready for sale." - '

“Are you serious?" I . . . ~

“Honest to God. The ﬁrst is “Don’t Wait Until the
Day After, Build Nuclear Weapons Today." There's 
my personal favorite; “Buy A Missile, Save A Life.”

“it certainly seems like you have some creative minds
working for you.” - ‘ '

“we try." _‘ _. _

“1 just thought of something. Sooner or later, the Pen.-
tagon is bound to ﬁgure out what's happened, and they’ll
realize that they were tricked into building an extraor—
dinary‘amount of weapons." ‘

“Yes, but by then it will be too late, and they will have .

increased our defense by so much that we have absolutely
no working missiles lef ." » '

“One thing about your plan still bothers me. Suppose
your campaign works, and congress builds missile upon
missile, each one with more deﬁciencies than the next, un-
til we have no bombs, missiles, guns, or tanks that are
anything close to operational.” - - ‘

“Go on."

“Meanwhile, the Soviets have real weapons, weapons
that function and can destroy our country in a matter of
minutes. How do we prevent the Soviets from doing as
they wish with us and the rest of the world?"

"That’s the one thing i haven't ﬁgured out yet."

 

 

Applications are being accepted for the paid position of
Editorial Pages Editor. Interested parties must have a
knowledge of campus and national issues
Freshmen, sophomores and juniors preferred _
For more information, contact Ed Reines, Dean or John at
» 457-3389 v ..

 

 

 

 

   

1
Positive approachlv; v

To the Editor: - ' »

Having reviewed ,the recent ASP coverage of Disabled
Awareness Day I feel that several points need to be made

publicly. Several months ago 1 was approached by Rich .

Dalton and Steve Gawley to informme that the Student
Association wanted to sponsor an Awareness Day. 1 was
prematurely pleased that able-bodied students wanted to
make their peers aware of the needs of students with
disabilities. Though I was apprehenslVe that their energies
would be spent .mncentrating on the negative aspects of
campus life. I has hopeful that good intentions would
prevail. ‘

After my initial meeting with the Student Association
representatives l never heard from them again. i was not
asked to participate in Awareness Day, I was not asked
for strategical advise, l was noteven given a schedule of
the day's events. My initial apprehension about the event
turned out to‘ be based on reality. Administrators who
were asked to participate never receivedgwritten confirma-
tion or instructions about their participation. Subse-
quently. they were made to look in the ASP as if they
didn't, care enough about *the event or the issues to
participate. V

The Disabled Student Services Program has spent five
years .(under my tenure and seven years prior to that)
working diligently to establish strong, constructive and
cooperative .‘working. relationship with all academic
departments "and administrative ofﬁces on campus. l
believe that our positive, broad-based perspective has
won many friends, advocates and advancements for peo-
ple with disabilities at SUNYA. I have tried very hard to
convey to disabled students that change is a process, it is
ongoing, it is not an overnight event. it requires a lot of
construction input and energy from many different
sources, Since the Student Association did not seek my
perspective I am afraid that they focused their energies on
a very limited view of what life is like for the disabled
citizens on our campus.

There are many individuals who are deeply concerned
and committed to improving life at SUNYA for students
with disabilities. People like President O’Leary, Vice
President Pogue, Vice President Hartigan, Dennis

' »¢§?ispect8

‘ Eel-bilon in ms
Heidi Jo Grotto, Editor In Cir/oi
Deon Chang. John Keenan. Managlng Editors

 

Jnmu O'Sulllvm

 

 

 

 

 

 

um :40.
“ Falls- I

MM!- Edliorl ............................................... .; ...... ..Tom Kauandu, Rina Voung

Annmlol. ' "Ir-n Glnabom

“MI-n mum r

n‘ nmlnl an".

.:... mm. - M-m Bonn-n
cm ‘ n u a .3

Stevens, Gloria Desole (AA/E0), John Marione‘
(Residential Life). Dick Ellis (Campus Safety Commit-

- tee), Professor John Welch (Chemistry), Lloyd Herbert

(Parking), Jessica Casey (Student Activities), Marj
Campbell (Bookstore) and scores of others have worked
diligently to improve conditions, attitudes, services, etc.
for the disabled. _
it is my feeling that these folks need constructive input
about how to continue to make things better. What they
don’t need is harassment and bad pressabout the things
yet to be done. i hope that any future efforts to improve
life for people with disabilities on our campus will take a
positivistic approach to problem solving.
——Naucy L. Belowleh
' Director
Disabled Student Services

0 e v " o o ‘

Critical Situation
To the Editor: . - .
The events of February 6 - l6 were very successful for
S.T.0.P. and the University Community. Our sincere
thanks go to the Student Association, the Administra-
tion, UUP, UAS, and the fraternities whom were most
supportive. Most importantly we Would like to thank the
students of SUNYA for helping to raise over 8,000 dollars
for African famine relief.- We, the student body, are prov-
ing our capacity to respond to problems beyond our own

and demonstrate a real caring; A r l '
Please watch for our events throughout the semester

and continue to help in this critical situation.
' ——Chrls Thomas
, —Joanne Fuchs
S.T.O.P. Chairpersons

Bus service monitor

To the Editor:

The February 26 issue of theAlbany Student Press con-
tained a front-page article on the bus service. The Univer-
sity community should know that the Senate’s University
Community Council is charged with the responsibility to
monitor bus safety, scheduling, and routing. r

A standing UCC committee, the Transportation Ad-
‘visory Committee, is presently developing a questionnaire
to assess‘satisfaction and usage of the bus service. A com;

pleted questionnairevand the method of its distribution -
‘ has, not» yet been approved by the Committee. This Com-

mittee, composed of faculty and students and chaired by
David Silk, is expected to submit its ﬁndings this semester

to the Council. The Educational Policy Council's ’

Resource Advisory Committee has been additionally
charged to review the ﬁnancial status of the bus system
and fee.

University governance. therefore, is concerned about
the bus system and is taking steps to provide for a
systematic. impartial assessment. The Council encourages
those involved in the survey which was reported in the
ASP to share their instrument, methodolggy, and results
with the Transportation Advisory Committee. Finally, we
students to respond to the Committee’s ques-

 

Jorry Cantabile, David LL Latin. sari/or Edllara

Contributing mm Jane Anderson, Joupn Fused, MIehelleKroll, Wayne ’
Peereboorn. Judy Tomi MW mums: Mlohollo Bustier, Colby Ei'rlg. Il-
one Wolnetoln, sun writers: ' ‘ , Abraham", Donn- Altman, Lulio ctr-It.
Johanna Currey, Jacquie Clark. Ian Clemente, Ken Bomb-urn. Betta Dumbo,
Betti Finnoran. Ronald Brynteomon. Bob Huilon. Eric HInden._MIddl Kun, J.
Michael Mil-o, Christine Roiiélt, Pam Bohustrnnm, Rich sharia-n. Mien-oi
Skolnio'k, David Warinelrn, counties Eaton Brenda Schoolior suit Artist: '
Guy Palmer -‘ , '

- oral-am Bualnm Manna-r
Lynn Mono, Associate Butlneu Manager :
Kalle". Rhonda WuliMdvorrlelng Managers
Iii! W, sun Mm

mm
‘ Peron

Inn-n "ml.
Advert Solon: Karon Allister, Dan Finisher. More Hobonhan. Rleh Lllt.
Judy Tor-l, Adv-I‘ll Production: Blohlor. Denise Cuironn, Teresa
Glscalono. Eileen Kolbuuir. Alloe MeDornioit. Jacki Mtdlmky, Amy Papomy.
Mike Schillro. Ollie- sun: Kathy Chloholior. undo Delgado, Marlene Roun~
Ihsi. Stephanie Schansui ‘

 

Adam I. Engle.‘ Patricio manuals. Producllon Manager:

 

Chloil’ypoutior.... ............................. .5 .............. ..Lonery Noymsn
Typlm: Debora Adolmlnn, .iunnlna Dlanurzo. Baron Evaisnd. Dave Jones,
Curie Sum, Pam stuutu'r, Puloup: Glut- COIemon. E. Phillip Hoover, Judy .
Lawrence. Deon Darrel 51st, M.D.Thornpeon, Wilson: Warren Hurwlir,
nun-m Sheridan .

Photography principally supplied by Univoroiiy Photo Service, a student

group.
Chief PMth Eric: aplegol‘ll'l sun: Shari Albert. Amy Cohen. Mull
Culllnm. John Curry. Lynn Drollus. Cindy Galwey, Adorn Ginsberg, Robert
Han-mum, David llllﬂ. Kenny Kirsch, Robert Luck-y. Eu- Mauror, Muir
Modlavllls, Chris Onlnl. Lisa Simmons, Robert Bouoy. Dlvld smelt. Reward
ngsr

Entire contents copyright ill! Albany lludoni Prue Corporatlon. all rights
resolved. I

The Albany Student Frau is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Frau corporation. an independent
noi~lor~prollt corporation. ~

Editorials are written by the Editor In Ohio! with members 01 the Editorial
Board; poiloy ll subloot to review by the Edliorisi Board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily rollscl editorial pollny.

, Mailing Address:
Albany student Press. on 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222
(518) 451-6321332233“

 

 

 

tionnaire‘when they receive it this Spring.
' , —Wendell Lona
Chairman, University Community Counci

Senior; week. ‘85

To The Editor: . - ‘

Staning Monday, March 4th and running through to
Friday, March 8-. between 11-4, the Class of 1985 will be
distributing Senior Cards. to all eligible seniors. These
cards are necessary for all seniors who wish to participate

.. in the wide assortment of activities during‘Senior Week

1985. This year's Senior Week will run from Sat. May
11th until graduation day, May 19th. Does anyone mind 8
days of events instead of 7? . _- ' -

Already scheduled for this year are trips to, Great
Adventure, Boston,-. Hartford Jai Alai, .Saratoga
Raceway, and overnights to Montreal and Atlantic City.
Of course the traditional activities such as the Booze
Cruise, Senior Night at the Bars, canoeing and the in-
famous Clambak'e‘ are also in' the'workings, along with a
few other surprises.

in order to be eligible for your Senior Card. you must b
e a student. graduating before Dec. 31. 1985. and how
paid all your class dues. Class dues are $3 per semester for
every semester you are enrolled here. Class dues go

_ towards subsidizing the price of all trips.

For those of you who are unsure whether you have paid
dues or not, a list will be available on the 3rd ﬂoor of the.
Campus Center. all of next week between 11—4.

, If you have paid dues for every semester at Albany,
your Senior Card will be issued to you. if you have missed
any semesters, we will be collecting back dues then also.
Dues must be paid in CASH. After you have paid your
dues, $3 a semester, you ,will be entitled to a Senior Card.
These cards must be held on to topurchase Senior Week
tickets, and will not be replaced if lost. ’

The bottom line is; in order to participate in the ac-
tivities offered during Senior Week 1985, Seniors must

have paid all their class dues. So pay up and get psyched
for a great Senior Week!
- — Jeﬂ Schneider,
President

Lisa Olson.

Vice President
Class of 1985

Genuine concern '

To the Editor:

Too often in our society, particularly the SUNYA com-
munity, are people hesitant to perform unless they are
rewarded in some fashion. It is indeed rare to cross paths
with someone 'who is willing to give of himself and offer
his services to people he does not know without concern
for personal gain or compounded. Rich Schaffer is one
such person.

A short while ago a group of us suffered a tremendous
loss. Rich Schaffer’s accessibility and genuine concern for
us was totally overwhelming and completely unselﬁsh.
This letter has nothing to do with Mr. Schaffer's politics,
but 1 serves as one of appreciation. We are not
acknowledging.a Student Association President, but a
true, caring human being. Rich Schaf fer has, during our
crisis. acted as a good friend, not just an ofﬁcial
obligated to provide a service. For this we will all be
forever grateful.

—Some Friends

Invaluable service

To the Editor:

There’s an important service offered here at SUNYA
that everyone should be aware of. Don't Walk Alone
Escort Safety Service is in existence to promote an
awareness of issues of safety on the campus, to pool
together resources of the Administration, UAS and
students showing that the University as a whole cares

' about the welfare of its students and employees, and most

importantly to provide escorts to those people who would
normally have to walk alone on the campus at night.

You may have seen us at the library entrance last
semester, or maybe on the quads. This semester,
however, we're improving our service. Volunteers will
still be stationed at the libr .ry, but escorts will also be
available by telephone for excursions anywhere on the up-
town campus. The service is offered Sunday through
Thursday, 8:00 pm. - 11:30 pm. Escorts are always in
teams of two consisting of at least one woman.

There is no reason that'someone has to walk home
alone from studying until 11:00 in the library, or ﬁnd
their car in a dark parking lot, or trudge across campus
from the gym at night alone. Over 100 volunteers are giv-
ing of their time and energy and expressing their concern
for SUNYA's safety.‘ Now we need people to esconl
Please use this invaluable service.
' -—E|len Kansllt
Volunteer—Captain

Solve the problem

To the Editor: .

There are many problems in this world which need to
be resolved, but Joshua Powell’s suggestion that we ig-
nore the harm of pornography until we end world hunger
is a terrible one. ”

The Ethiopian Famine has become a trendy cause. This
does not mean that it isn't worthwhile, or that the people
working on it are not very dedicated. But people prioritize
evils. The attention given to Ethiopia has overshadowed
'the fact that people are starving all over Africa, the rest of
the world. and even in our own country. It is wonderful
that the pros the famine has gotten will help to and it.
But you can't try to equate atrodtiu. You can't make a
value judgement on brutality.

Violence against women is considered be“. We‘roj-t
sbunehofprudishl’emlohssquowkingforiaekd
anything better to do. right? Violence against women Is
not trendy. and tends to be ignored because the images of

‘women in pornography are so ingrained in us in our socie-
ty that they hardly shock or anymore.

And the argument that people have a right to see these
movies and that there is a demand for them is a weak one.
The First Amendment was created to protect peoples'
rights, but not at the expense of someone else's. Your
right to freedom of speech end: where it takes away mine.
And it there were a demand for pro-Nazi movies and pro-
Ku Klux Klan movies, would the University show them?
People recognize that anti-Semitism and racism is
wrong. People are aware of the atrocity to have millions
of people starving to death in Ethiopia. But it is not
acknowledged that the images of men and women that
pornography perpetuates are dangerous.

People have to recognize that it is not a question of
whether or not a porn movie gets shown on campus. but
that these movies exist because of the way women are
viewed in our society. We cannot ignore the problem
while we work on solving others. ,‘

—Wendy Guido

