  

12 Aspects on Tuesday

 

Musik itber alles

 

March 5,’ I985 '

 

Outta the garage

Cave Stompers, gave Albany a touch

T he Vipers, New York City's "Diving"
of their sting Friday. March Ist, at

Puttin’ on, the Ritz, and their bite was

melodically infectious.

Michelle]. Krell

Garage pop has come back from the
dead of late, and The Vipers are a major
force in New York City along with The
Fleshtones, Fuzztones, Raunch Hands, and
Tryfles. Besides The Dive, The Vipers have
done gigs at lrving Plaza, The Peppermint
Lounge, and The Ritz. The four-year‘old
band isn't your typical paisley groovy-
wow group. Bassist-vocalist Graham May
insists, "We’re stylized in what we do.
We’re not strictly a garage band in the
revival sense at all. We're just playing rock-
n-roll. All we want to do is spread the
word, cut loose, drink, and have fun."

 

 

"C'mon, let’s rip up some rugl" shouts
vocalist Jon Weiss (ex-Fleshtones sax
player). He plays pattycake in the air as he
comes towards me with the kind of look
that i thought only Jack Nicholson had.
Sliding into Graham's chair. he raises an
eyebrow and says, "Got any questions?" if
I were five. i would probably ask for my
mother and plead bathroom privileges. bul
l'm 21 and cryptics don't feel like
boogiemen anymore. Before I can put my
pen down, Weiss throws his head back and
exclaims, “influences? Yeahl Jimmy Breslin,
Charlie Bukowski, and Bob Chich (Chich is
their manager, a friendly, accomodating
"nice guy" who‘s trying to get the band on
a major label).

 

i

Outta The Nest is a collection of 12 tunes,
one of which is getting air play on our own
WCDB. Of the other 11 songs, two are
covers. The Standell’s ‘Medication" and
The Loved One's, "Surprise, Surprise"
aren't carbon copies of the originals. They
are marked by the distinct vocal harmonies
of May and Weiss.

The Vipers were well received at Puttin’

urea. l _““i ..
on the Ritz. Most of the audience couldn't
contain toe tapping to Nest tunes "Cheated
and Lied", "Tears", and the yet unvinyled
Dive-stomp "Psycho". On stage the band
spo'rted. happy antics. Weiss stomped,
stared, and smiled even when he cut his
left hand on the mike. Drummer Pat
Brown beat his drums with child-like glee
and wasn't the least bit disturbed when one
of his drums slipped out of place.

 

 

}

All-around musician Dave Mann
(Keyboards, 12-string guitar, harmonica,
and "a little singing") like May, insists that
The Vipers aren’t trying to' revive anybody
else's music. With a Lou Reed. grin (the
resemblance is there) he proclait‘ns, "We
aren’t a revival band. it's not our scene. We
do what we do because we love it." On
stage, Mann switched off to different in-
struments periodically with ease, even
when his voice organ gave opt in the first
set. .

Guitarist Paul Martin, the 'arily married
member of the group, shied a ay from in-
quires, but had this to sign on my ‘copy of

I ( .rtta The Nest LP: "Rock to the Dock and

Float to the Clock," (profound). While per-
forming, he maintains an impish stance.
Like a car in neutral, he seems to let go of
his enthusiasm, but not quite all of it.

For all of you Viper fans out there, here
is some fanzy news. Weiss revealed that a
new LP with "12 bone crunching originals
will be out in about five months." The ti-
tle? Well, well, you devoted, cave
stompers, it‘s right under your nose. Check
out the violet print on the back of the Nest
L‘P. In Our Own Time baby, that’s the
scene. . -

Garage pop, paisley underground,
whatever you call it, it’s here now and you
 . .can't ignore it anymore. Even AOR
people. it's always been there. it‘s rock-n.
roll period," says May. The paisley of the
80's is not the paisley of the 60's so re-stock
your ties, folks. in the words of Jon Weiss,
"Why worry about the state of the union
when i can’t get dressed in the morning
andneed help in tying my shoes when l'm
wearing my boots?“ - El

More mini music reviews

 

 

 

The Smiths
Meat is Murder

The second domestic release from one oi
the best up and coming British bands in to-
day's “new music" scene. The Smiths prove
their point with a distinct sound combining
the acoustic guitar style of Aztec Camera
with the melodic, off-tempo vocals of
Spandau Ballet and a very strong backbone
from drummer Mike Joyce and Bassist An-
dy Rourlee. The Smiths join other pro-
gressive bands, such as The Alarm and
Echo and the Bunnymen, in the use of the
acoustic guitar. Opting for a melodic
sound, instead of the harsh, clanging guitar
attack. the Smiths use variations on their
style to reach out to a diverse listening au-
dience. From the poppy tune of “Head‘
master Ritual" to the folky sounds of
"Rusholine Ruffians“ to the punky “What
She Said", the Smiths bring about a
message of depression, suffering, and cap
ing in a very strong manner. Lead singer
Morrissey conveys this theme well with
his gentle, yet firm, singing style. He is sup-
ported pleasantly by the strength of
Johnny Marr’s guitar work. Like UZ, the
guitar makes its presence felt without over-
whelming the listener. Lyrics like "i smoke

  

MIT

 

 

T‘“"" I

 

   

«TV'TW . '

 

, I -, ~ ' .- .t .
coke, l'm hoping for an early death, AND l
NEED TO CLlNG TO SOMETHING"
from "What She Said" and "i think about
life and l think about death, and neither
one pariiculary appeals to me" from
"Nowhere Fast". as well as the strong anti-
cruelty to animals message of the title track
"Meat is Murder". make this a tough
album to listen to if you're in a depressed
mood, but don't let that get you down.
Songs such as "What She Said”. the stylish
air of "Well l Wonder", the slow acoustics
of “That Joke lsn’t Funny Anymore", and
the bonus cut of previously released “How
Soon is Now?" on the U.S. Edition of the
LP carry this album very well. and make it
one of the most solid albums to hit the air-
waves this year. and it should remain
towards the top in 1985.

Andrew Skib/ns

Howard loll”. The 12” Album

The man who won over many listeners
with "New Song“ is now back with a com-
pilation of various songs which were
released over the last year or so. The songs
are very danceable like those in his first
LP, Human’s Lib, and are, for the most
part, remixes of those songs. One stand-out

 

is the new version of "New Song" which
incorporates new precussions and better
vocals. "Always Asking Questions" is a
“new” song and contains the characteristic
beat and vocals which Howard is known
for. Musically, he does basically all the in-
strumental work which includes various
synthesizers. His synthesizer work is at its
best in "Total Conditioning" with some

weird but pleasant sounds. Although the ‘

lyrics might not be the most abstract, they
don’t have to be. It's the. music which
counts here, and it is great. This is a great
compilation, and you will find yourself
dancing to every beat.

Gary Bass

Art Ensemble
The Third Decade

The Art Ensemble has been a major
creative force in jazz since the 1960's. Fus-
ing experimental "free form" and tradi-
tional jazz with the music of Africa, com-
poser/leaders Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman
and Roscoe Mitchell have consistantly
been charting new frontiers for the enjoy-
ment of hardcore jazz fans throughout the
world. Still, their music has not been for
eVeryone. Known for being somewhat
dissonant and. to say the least, lacking
rhythmic and tonal structure, no one, in a
practical sense, could expect them to be
embraced by the masses. But then again, it
is unlikely that anyone could have possibly
predicted that the Art Ensemble would
release anything as universal as The Third
Decade, their latest on ECM records.

The Third Decade is more accessable
and eclectic than previous efforts. The
opening piece. "Prayer for Jimbo Kwesi," is
a surprisingly light and spacious swing,
which grooves smoothly to a restful resolu-
tion. In direct contrast, "Funky AECO" is a
colorful and uplifting jam which incor-
porates the syncopated rhythmic qualities
of soulful horns and hard driving percus-
sion. in closing out side one. the Art
Ensemble continues with the unexpected: a
slow blues ballad cut right out of the New
Orleans Traditon. Side two ventures
through the spectrum of sound: “The Bell
Piece," .1 spacy interplay between percus-

 

sion, .hass and horns: "Zero," a catchy yet "

expressive straight ahead bop piece; and
the title cut, "Third Decade", a pulsating
free~form piece featuring the African per:
cussive talents of Famoudou Don Moye.
in a nutshell, The Third Decade has
something for all. Whether your tastes are
firmly traditional or on the fringes, the Art
Ensemble of Chicago’s latest offers creative
vitality that is simply inspirational. The on-
ly question is —- what will they do next? i
can hardly wait! I '
Andrew Morfopoulos

Billy Bragg ’
Brewing Up With Billy Bra“ ,

The beauty of Billy Bragg's latest effort.
Brewing Up With Billy Bragg, lies mainly
in its simplicity. Bragg combines raucous,
hearty British vocals with bold guitars and
injects punchy, opinionated lyrics to give
us what he calls a "Puckish Satire on Con-
temporary Mores." And so it is. Here is a
collection of stories, complaints, and view-
points, all touched with irony. Bragg sings
about everything - love, war, and politics -
and presents it with definite ﬂavor. He has
the ability to transform his ideas into sim-
ple, yet poignant words, and the in-
struments never fail to guide these words.
The guitar speaks with the singer; when
Bragg is bitter, we feel his guitar become
forceful and tense, as in “island of No
Return"; but the music flows, becomes
melodious and almost weeps in "St.
Swithen’s Day." a beautiful song mourning
a lost love. The lyrics are detailed, reflec-
ting clear memories and observations. in
"A Lover Sings," Bragg amusingly recalls
his love of trivial details; he makes or-
dinary perceptions so important.

Each song is written and performed with
care. Since Bragg has chosen to pare down
music to its basic elements, everything - the
instruments, the vocals, and the lyrics -

‘ must convey the feeling and tone. Brewing

Up With Billy Bragg is successful in that
each of these elements share tll'e task equal-
ly, and they consistantly blend together to
keep the music whole. ' '

Lorraine Andmjka

March 5, 1985

 

 

.v'. k

 

 

 

_"He found himself transformed into a large cockroach. . ."

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday 13

 

Lecture Center transformatiOn

ud Deskan. up at 6 AM, 20 knee -

V bends, rz laps around the dorms, a

/ full set of streche's, in the empty
showers by 7 AM. Where was everyone?
First day of college classes, Bud Deskan
was pumped up, ready to perform. Was
he the only freshman in the dorm?
Breakfast at 7:45. He finished before 8. He
read the curriculum guide till 8:35, and
briskly walked'to his 9 o’clock class.’

Mike Dermansky

Bud Deskan walked past all the long
building, with ﬂat classrooms, with
separate desks, down an uncovered
stairwell into his new arena. There was a
sign that said‘with black metal letters on a
magneta metal back drop, LECTURE
CENTERS. 'Psych 101 is in LC 5‘, he read
to himself off his program card. 'All his
classes‘were in LC’, he just couldn't
remember the numbers. He got there 15
minﬁtes early. He ‘opened the doors. The
door crashed in behind him. All the lights
were off. He stood by a tall white square
column. He didn’t move. He saw the
stage. People streamed in. They didn't
notice the dark. The professor entered
from a side door, turned on all the lights

 

 

from his podium, plugged in his miniature V

mike, attached it to, his shirt and began talk-
ing despite a ‘murmer in his audience.
Three people‘ swarmed the mass of
students, demanding they receive three
sets of papers. Bud Deskan went to the
men's room after class. He walked past the
soda machine, the ice cream machine, the
newspaper machine and the candy and
chips machine on his way to his next class.
Sociology 120A, in LC 19. Biology was
also in LC 19.

The walk back to the dorms seemed as
cheerful as the' one from the dorm, except
it was slower, not much slower. His eyes,

weren't bloodsho't'but Bud'Deskan felt his l."

eyes were only three quarters open. He
tried to get them all the way open but ,he‘
shouldn't have to try to keep his éyes'
open. Maybe it was all in his mind. His
ey‘éS‘were‘closing and people would start
to stare at him.

He quiter entered his suite and then his
room‘, not sure if the people who Were sup-
posed to be living there were living there.

Maybe they didn't know he was supposed '

to be living there. The bed underneath his
had all the sheets pushed up against'the
wall. There could be a person in there. Bud
Deskan turned on his clock radio. His
roommate turned under his sheets and
burped. ‘Bud Deskan turned down the
radio, nervous that he may have offended
or inconvenienced his roommate whose
name was on the door.

"Jesus Christ." the voice said, "What are
you doing jumping around so early?"

"Aren't you going to lunch?"

"Yeah, but its no big thrill.",l-le burped
and spat.

“When’s your first class?"

"8:05." i

"8205. You slept right through your very
first class.” a, V

"Noll didn’t. My first class is mldterrns.
You don’t have a brother. You're a
Mommy's boy. See that refrigerator. We
got beer in there. Beer and a couple of
limes. What‘d they give you, a couple of
what they call them cylibatuses’t Who
cares. You don't have a brother. He was
,almost captured, my brother. He‘s a social
worker now. He made me promise to get
plastered and vague, watch the Twilight
Zone and M' A'S'H to survive the classes.
Bud Deskan looked frightened. My

 

brother said that "Classes are terrible. lame
movies, or scuzzy soap operas, that keep
coming to you'until who are you is a
metaphor." He told me they think they're
holding your attention by threatening you
with curves, but BAM. you're a seat.
You’re a goddamned seat in a LC. Some
plasticcolored seat. You’re probably a light
blue. Girls are typically orange but my
brother wasn't sure of the colors. Don’t
you see, just like any film, you can come in
on the end. It's the best part, right?”

"Do you want to go to lunch with me?"

He.cra'Wled out of bed, took two beers
out of the frige, popped both tops off, "Ah,
OK, after we finish our beers. Listen l’m
going to help you. Help you exist. l'm
your chance.”

‘ "i can’t wait, I've got a 12:20."

"Yeah,_ but please, buddy, don't sit in the
light blue seats.

After three weeks the system of classes
was memorized. He didn't know the
numbers but he did the LC's locations. Bud
knew when he'd have free time. There was

 

He carried his closing eyes like a limp. He
became jealous of his roommate. Before
class he stared at the white panels of the
LC's walls instead of rehaShing his previous

' lecture notes. He rubbed the palm of his

hand against the front of the plastic chairs.
Whenever he studied his nose would run.
One day his Psych professor showed a film
about Harlow’s monkeys. Noise was

’ rumbling from the LC next door. It sound-

ed like. Huey Lewis and the News. Tue
film projector was clattering away. Bud
Deskan wanted to get up and go to the
bathroom; get up and go home. He didn’t.
He sat low and high on his 'seat, pushing his
behind on every corner of the Chair's sur-
face. His sociology teacher crossad his legs.
sitting on a lone chair on his stage, talking
and coughing into his mike, ("i am available
for questions during my office hours. i am
getting no questions, cough, no visitors for
that matter, so I feel free to push on, is that
a good assumption?" Bud Deskan raised his
hand to ask a question, maybe about his
test, but he was practically in the back row.

 

‘ 


f

I

   
 

 

 
  
 
    

 

 



\ ‘x

___..a ...‘v........ .  _

 

 

 

a lot of it making him more determined to
always be ready for classes. And he was.
For his first test, a sociology 120A test
worth one third of his-grade, he thought
about that text book all day. He showered
the night before and the morning before.
He went to perform in his best cotton shirt
with three well sharpened pencils. He
broke the points of two of them while fill-
ing out his - name and social security
number on the maze of green dots. He
pressed so lightly, filling in the remaining
dots. to save the point of his last pencil that
the computer didn't pick up his marks.
He started sitting on the very end of
rows, moving back a chair for every class,
skipping over rows with light blue chairs.

 

Near the end of his first semester he had
an appointment with his advisor about
preregistering for his second semester. His
advisor was in a good mood. "Bud Deskan.
So Bud, how are your classes going? Do
you know that this University was ranked
number three of all the state universities in
the world? The rankings just came out to
day, did you read them? We also have the
highest ranked group of professors." His
advisor looked down at his transcript.“Let's
see, you have a spid spattering of core
courses. Why don‘t you progress as you
have been."

Bud Deskan agreed to do that.

He didn't have anymore free time. Time
in between classes was tedious. it was lone-

 

ly. it was time Bud forgot about over and
over. Waiting for his sociology lecture he’d
rub his hand onto the bottom of the fold
up desks. pushing his hand across the bum-
py gum and screws. The teacher, in his
familiar position, spoke of apathy. A
young girl wearing wide glasses and loose
hair barraged him with questions, "i don’t
understand how you can say our modern
society is apathetic."

“’l say this in comparison to previous
societies. If you are reading the text you'll
realize that today, with computers,
political party breakdowns and mass
media, per say, man has been alienating
himself from his neighbors, his fellow man.
Things in general are just no longer done
on a personal basis. That's why today's
society has become apathetic.“

"But what about me and the row of girls
sitting next to me? We're all friends. We
came here as friends."

"You must expand your mind, outside
of the college community. our LC's. this at-
mosphere is not an adequate sampling of
society at large."

Bud Deskan's roommate had steadily cut
back on his beer intake and was involved
with intramural hockey. Bud Deskan
wanted to join him. Join his ways, avoid
the plight his roommate‘s brother had pro-
phesized. But Deskan couldn’t get out of
his plastic chair and wail, “Help me, ah, ah.
ahhhhh, kick me in my gut.” He wasn't
supposed to need these things. Besides, the
offer came so long ago. His roommate
didn't seem to know he existed. or even

know his class schedule.

While urinating in the same urinal he'd
been urinating in, in the only bathroom
he'd been in outside of his dorm, the LC
bathroom. Bud Deskan philosophized. He
thought about things. All of the school’s
classes were in the LC complex. The other
buildings werejust historic places for the

‘ speakers to sit, the performers. if only his

‘mother would call him up. maybe so-
meone was dead. He'd miss class. pee in a
new toilet. Somebody had to tell him to
miss class.

It happened'during a review for his

' sociology final.

There were things he could no longer
remember, such as the Spiderman theme
song:

Spiderman. Spiderman. Friend/y
neighborhood Spiderman. Spins a
web any size, catches thieves just '
like flies.

He and his baby sister used to get into
that tune. that cartoon viewed in the den.
Early on in the semester he heard that tune
and imagined himself shooting a web at the
ceiling of his LC, LC [9, where he had both
sociology and biology. swinging over all
the plastic chairs. over the note taker, and
landing feet first in the speakers face. to be
:arried of! by the school wardens.

He couldn't remember any day dreams
today. He was just looking for the girl who
asked questions, as he always did. A big
chested girl passed him and sat down. He
stared at the silouettc of her breasts. how
they moved as she took notes. At the end
of class she was coming by him again. He
tried to reach up and touch her parts but he
was too hard. He was too blue, light blue.
He was a chair.

When the final was issued that same girl
sat on a light blue chair. It was Bu
Deskans face. .

 

Spic and ’Spects

 

whole time. Neat. huh?

in radio, the Cardinal Sin is dead air time.
In newsprint, the Cardinal Sin is whlte space. When
a page has. too much white space, we fill them up
with "Phil boxes". just like this one. That way it
looks like~=we planned to put something there th

Splcr The article above this features the work of
two new members of our staff: writer Mike Der-
mansky and graphic artist Gary Palmer. A week ago
they were both just normal guys like you see in
every class, but this week they’re joumalistsi (Wow.)
All they did was bring up work to us here at the
ASP and Bingo] we printed it. It’s that easy.

‘ Agata Wants Youi

Spec: We’re looking for more writers, reviewers,
artist/cartoonists,
bodies, etc., to get involved in Aspects. Fifteen pco~
ple showed up to our interest meeting and we've on-
ly seen three of them since. What happened to the
rest of you? Bring up your stuff, introduce yourself,
and get involved.

interested

production types,

See you Friday!
The Co-Editors

 

 

 

