4: ALBANY'STUDEN‘I.’ “PRESS. E'J‘? FRIDAtYaNOVEMBER.I;.1985'

 

 

 
  

* “IE3
* ¥ 4 It» I
a All-American Music * All-American Buffet * *
at All-American Fun *

* * *S.75Dﬂnkswlthyour¢olleqem~k ‘l‘ It»
*BlueJeans and CasualAtttrearoSuggeateds

* Plenty of FREE Parking *
For Adults 19 & Over
at The ALBANY HILTON

State & Lodge Streets 0 462-6611

 

 
 

 

 

 

HANDCRAFTED

COMPLETE FLORAL SERVICES CANDLES

r I ~ - H
"’0" e  —- @2/
(WW KW ma! C" M /.
ARRANGEMENTS MADE AND DESIGNED
WITH THE BEAUTY OF NATURE AND You IN MiND

IO 0/0 STUDENT DISCOUNT WITH SUNY ID

FﬁL'. SPECIFILS
1 Long Stem Rose in 1 Mylar Baloon.......55.50
5 Sweetheart Roses 8 1 Mylar Baioon.....$5.50
2 Mylar Baioons ....................... ..SS.00

72 N. LAKE AVE.
ALBANY. NY

(518) 463—6209
SCENT SHOPPE

 

 

 

Can you
afford to amble
with the LS T, GMAT,
GRE,or MCAT?

Probably not. Great grades alone may
not be enough to impress the grad
school oi~ your choice.

Scores play a part. And that‘s how
Stanley H. Kaplan can help.

The Kaplan course teaches test- taking
techniques, reviews course subjects. and
increases the odds that you'll do the best
you can do.

J‘agg ﬁgglan.

Stuyvesant Plaza
Albany
4890077

Stnyv 'snnt Plaza
Albany 

430.0077 .. mmmnm m 4... rumm-
'l'l n‘ world's lt'uiinn‘,

test prq .urtgtuuznilun

 

By Andrea Corson
STAFF warren

In an attempt to reach out to a greater number of
charities, this year the staff of Telethon has decided
to sponsor three community organizations instead
of two, which had been the rule in previous years.

According to Telethon co-chair Suzanne Mur-
phy, the three charities selected to be recipients of
funds donated to Telethon this year are the Child
Care program and the Spinal Bifida program, both
of which are located at Albany Medical Center and
will receive 40 percent each of the funds.

The remaining 20 percent will go to the Parson's
Child and Family Development Center. she said.

Telethon's efforts to reach out to more of the
community comes as the organization celebrates its
20th anniversary. “People felt strongly about cer-
tain organizations,” said Murphy, and for this
reason Telethon decided to sponsor all three
charities.

Any organization interested in being sponsored is
invited to apply to Telethon, which then reviews the
applicants and decides which charities will be given
the money and which amount they will receive, said
Murphy, adding that 65 responses were received
this year.

However, there are certain requirements that the
organizations must meet in order to be eligible. “It
must be a non-profit organization, child-oriented.
and located in the general Capital District area,"
said Murphy.

“Our philosophy is to beneﬁt some part of the

   

Telethon. Chooses three charities

community beyond the university, while we are still
here," she added. “We want to reach out to these
kids through organizations." ‘.

“Who needed what" was the main question fac-
ed by the staff of Telethon said Murphy, because
the cancer care program needed a social worker
while the Spinal Bifida program needed a coor-
dinating nurse and Parson's needed new windows
and a bathroom.

According to Murphy, Telethon’s gross last year
was somewhere between $38,000 and $40,000 with
the Albany Boys Club being the major recipient.
but only $l6,000 was given away because of the
overhead costs.

“Our overhead last year was incredible and this
year we’re trying to keep costs low," Murphy said,
adding that despite the costs, “the groups we gave
the money to would have benefited from any
amount of money.”

Since the year has just begun and no major events
have taken place yet, donations to Telethon amount
to only about $500 so far, Murphy explained. “We
hope to make as much money as possible, of course
we’re going to try to do better than any other year
as well.”

Upcoming Telethon events include Afternoon at
the Bars on November 7 and “Rock and Roll War-
fare — Batle of the Bands" on Nvember 23. -

Anne Rephan, nurse coordinator of the coor-
dinated care program in pediatrics at the Albany
Medical Center said the money the Spinal Biﬁda
program receives will not be spent on equipment.
but will be used to support the cliical personnel.

She explained that Spinal Bifida is a medical con-

dition in newborn infants in which they are born
with part of their spine outside of their body. “We
have 93 patients in our program and most all of
them are pretty active,” she said, adding “Every
patient is assigned to a special nurse coordinator
who serves asthe prime contact person with the pa-

* tient‘s medical doctors.”

 

According to Rephan. the program offers a '
number of services which include support groups
for patients’ families, a coordinated medical clinic,
medical services. direct clinical nursing services and
even pre-school services. “The nursing coordina-
tion role is a very extensive one," she said.

According to Pat Wood, coordinator of Public

Information at Parson’s Development Center, the
facility is “a center for emotionally troubled and
evlopmentaliy disabled children.”

“We offer a wide range of educational, residen-

tial and clinical programs for children and their
, families," she said, adding “This past year we serv-
ed over 3,400 children and families.

Wood said that the money “would be used for

children’s activities funds,” something which she

ups says would not ordinarily be covered by the center.

Telethon eo-chalr Suzanne Murphy

 

“to beneﬁt some part of the community. ”

The program director of the Child Cancer Care

program was unavailable for commenting. U

 

 

 

 

In LIVE'IN ALBANY-l
THE MICHELOB
FESTIVAL OF STARS

   

 
 

 

  
     

IN! ON STAGE Al INE PALACE

FREDDIE .AIDACKSON
MELBA MOORE

Friday. November 15th at 8:00 pm
Tickets “2.50. $14.50

TICKETS ON SALE
Octobe 30m

I'
PAIACE IOX OH'ICH “5W "CHINON outuns
DROMh SOUNDiAIbwy A Sstnntctnlyt RI:(‘()R1).FTI' UNCLE SAhlllmtt

 

 

 

 

 

 

Special

was
Mon-Fri

No longer located at 16

 

 

10am - 7pm

 

15 visits for $35.95 (That’s 10 0/0
Check Us Out at our New location in
The Albany Thruway House

(Across from SUNY on Washington Ave.-

ol Albany

CRN DO FOR YOU!

Student Discount

13m
869-2366

70 Central Ave)

 

 

 

 

I .

 rat:

I . SOVNANA INC.

  
 

h— .

A

   

TRY OUR GREAT NEW ITALIAN

SPECIALITIES:
FAGOTTINI.RIPIENI

 

 

WINV - IANINV - "LI
BUY I

1 LARGE PIZZA
(regular or sicilian)
with 1 topping
GET FREE

made with

and
Large Italian Mea

2 Liter Bottle
of ONLY
PEPSI $199
with coupon only with coupon

Expires 12l 1/85

 

 

Expires 12/ USS

Homemade Meatball Heroes

Fresh Brickstyle
Homemade Bread

CALZONES
made fresh to order
Reg w/coupon

PLAIN CHEESE 2.50 1.99
l TOPPING 2.75 2.25

tballs ANY TWO
combination 3.50 3.00

choices of hampepperoni.
saus_age.mushroom
wl sauce ‘ l 40 gala. .

 

 

 

sxptrés iznlss ,

.m :k‘!“£v«1‘,{‘ at:

 

 
  
 

   

 

By Ken Dombaum‘
EDITORIAL WSTANT ‘

W.

While most students at SUNYA were -'

celebrating Halloween 'at paiti‘es‘and bars,

a grouppf about90_Jewish students spent1
the night standing vigil at area‘ ‘ agogues 

and Jewish cemeteries.

' The students, who were membersof the"
Revisionist Zionis't‘fAIternatichRZA) and“ '

the Alpha‘ Epsilon ' Pit (AEPi) fraternity
also stoOd vigil‘last Saturday night and on
Wednesday, ’the’intght before Halloween".

w;u.-c:wrw.m...,........ .4 .........,..,...r...- . 0- . -

Gratispatrolsse‘ek'desecration?" 

“This is the fourth year we’ve been 'do- ‘ ‘ d ‘ 7 ‘

ing this." said Robin'Berloff, RZA Presi-
dent; ”This is to act a s a deterrent against

anti-semitismL As an active quIi‘sh grolip; - ~ -5
we have responsibilities to the Jewish cotn- ‘

munity," she said.

Berloff explained that~in' the past,"3
Jewish cemeteries and synagogues have~

been targets for'vandaiism around Hallo-
ween. “Last year, the week befoie Hallo-

ween, over 160 tombstones were overturn- »-

ed at the Jewish cemetary across form
Crossgates. ' ’

“Last year at Halloween a synagogue in“ 
the New York area was destroyed by van- v

dais using a bull dozer,” said Berioff.
According to Rob Segall. President of
AEI’i, his group became involved because

it “has strong Jewish ties and a commit-'

ment to cmmunity service." He added that
AEPi is a social fraternity.

“We are workingin conjunction with
the police," Segall said. “If there are any
distrubances we are going to call the
police. We don’t advocate violence. We're
just there as a deterrent.

“Measures have been taken in case of an
emergency. The benefits of having AEPi
there is having more people there as
backups," Segall said. “The whole frater-
nity feels strongly about it and we feel it
needs to be done," he said, adding that
volunteers would be there from 8 pm.
Thursday night util sunrise Friday.

“I’m here because I think that it’s a
good idea," said Sharon Kaplan, a junior
at SUNYA. ‘ ‘Last year a lot of graves were
knocked over and I don’t want to see it
happen again this year,” she said.

Kaplan added that she would have gone
to a party at the Hilton if she had not at-
tended the vigil. Kaplan is not associated
with either RZA or AEPi, she said.

By David Spalding

STAFF WRITER

For the second consecutive yearI SUNYA students lead
the nation's colleges and universities in voter registration,
accotrding to statistics compiled by the United States Stu-

dent Association (USSA).

The statistics reported that 4,200 students registered in
l985‘. and 6,000 students registered in I984. at the Univer-
sity. In addition to leading the nation in registration for
two years, SUNYA voter turnout in the 1984 election led
the nation's universities with an 85 percent turnout at the

polls.

For the past two years the main force behind the voter
registration drive has been Student Association's Student
Action Committee which is chaired this year by Larry '

Hartman.

According to Hartman, Student Action Committee
always placeshigh priority on voter registration. He add-
ed, however, that registered voters must now exercise
their voting rights on election'day. “If we don’t turn out
the vote, then what is to stop our elected ofﬁcials from ig-

noring us?" asked Hartman.

Stephanie Kay, co-vice chair of the Student Action
Committee and an active participant in the voter registra-
tion drive, said that by the power of the ballot students
can exert their views on such important issues as the
Grouper Law. the 2I'year old drinking age. tuition hikes,
and South Africa. Kay added that a lot more has to be
done to get the students out to vote. “Most people aren't
even aware that there is a local election this November,"

she said.

A primary reason for placing high priority on voter
registration is'to increase voter participation in the elec-
tions process. said committee co-vlce chair and registra-

  

Students at Western Ave. cometary

“a deterrent agaist anti-semitism. "
The organizer of the vigil, Evan Chafitz,
said, “RZA has been doing this for four

‘ years." This year saw the biggest turnout

ever, he added.

“Two years ago we removed 25 people
from here [the Jewish cemetary near
Crossgates] the night before Halloween,”
Chaﬁtz said. “Last Saturday night we
patrolled for IV: hours. After we left,
UPD removed three people from the Fuller
Road Jewish cemetery." he added. /

“I don't see what people find so‘intrigu-
ing about cemeteries and if they are in-

trigued, why do they have to desecrate ‘

these places?" Chafitz asked.
“People do desecrate Jewish shrines

' because of anti-semitisru. which isinherent

in this society," Chafitz said. “Any excuse
people havevto manifest anti-semitism,
they’ll use it.“ j —
Chafitz said that in addition to the
patrols stationed at the two cemetaries,

right to vote,“ he said.

Botwinik said he believes that the rising trend of stu-
dent activism and the enthusiasm of first-time voters have
been important to SUNYA's success in voter registration.

Hartman said he finds it surprising that other univer-
sities with significantly larger student populations cannot
register more students. He added, however, that there is
still room improving SUNYA's registration drives.

 

tion drive organizer Phil Botwinik. “We have a history of

voter apathy in our country as a whole. and as students
one of our first and foremost priorities is to educate
voters on the issuer and to insure that they exercise their

 

FRIDA‘Yg'NOVEMBER 7-2-1985 D‘AL’BANY'STUDENT PRESS 5

 

 

:

   

MARK VACARELLI UPS

vigils were mounted at five Albany
synagogues, the Albany Jewish Communi-
ty Center on Whitehall Road and at the
Jewish Federation Building on Colvin
Avenue in Albany.

“It’s really screwed up that this has to
happen," said Chafitz. “Each of the past
four years we’ve done this there have been
incidents.”

“I made a commitment to be here,"
AEPi member Bryan Gordon said, adding
that he did‘ not have previous plans for'
Halloween. “AEPi supported the idea .100
percent. The idea came about a month
ago."

Gordon estimated that 75 percent of the
68 people in the fraternity were par-
ticipating in the vigil. “I think it's good
that the press is covering this to show that
people can deter vandalism," he said, ad-

ding, “Hopefuiiy in the future we may not "

 

Alternative
(programming
after arrayed

By Bette Dzarnba I

‘ anrmxmz axis-rm

.‘Student Association (SA) and the 0f-
ice of. Residential Life are working to
conic up with alternative programming
which doesmot‘ involve the consumption

not; be able to legally drink" after
December 1. ‘

According to SA Programming Direc-
tor Betty Gizsburg. 8n SA taskforce on
non-alcoholic programming has been set

the SA Spirit Committee.
Ginzburg said that she appointed J ac-
queline Dusalt to work with the

gramming. “We made a file of events
that could be used as RA (Resident
Assistant) projects,” she explained.

Dusalt said that she has spoken to
RA's on the four uptown quads to help
them with programming ideas. “It is im-
portant to start gearing ideas towards
non-alcoholic programming nbw before
the age goes up," she explained.
Jeannine Dianuzzo, an RA on Indian
Quad. said, “SA has come up with a lot
of ideas.” Game tournaments and
dance parties “where people can have a
good time and not necessarily drink”
are examples of possible programming.
she said.

RA’s "must find ways to help
everyone together and keep section uni-
ty up," said Dianuzzo.

Dusalt added that new programming
“will help get halls together."

John Martone, Director of Residen-
tial Life, emphasized that “creative
ways to deal with activities will have to
be found once the (drinking) age
changes." He said that “sometimes we
make a big deal out of having alcohol to
have fun." .

Martone listed Halloween parties. Air
Band contests, dances and music as
ways that students could have fun
without consuming alcohol.

’ Don Smirti, lnterquad Council Chair.
14>

 

have to do this,"

: -- '5th alcohol to deal with students who will ‘ I

up to work with Residential Life and ’

Residential Life staff on alternative pro- s

 

 

SA racksup highest voter reg. figures in nation

SUNYA’s excellent showing in voter registration has

i..

Student Action VIoo-ohlir Phil Botwlnlk
“Dedication of Student Action Committee members."

been no accident, according to Botwinik. He cited the
procedures. dedication, and organizations of the student
action committee as the main reasons for success.

“It is because of the dedication of the Student Action
Committee people who sit at tables on the dinner lines
and in theCampus Center, who register freshmen during

14>

LVNN DIIIFUI UPS

  
   

....

 

