 

  

, rts Tuesday

DECEMBER 10, 1985

 

 

 

The Albany State
basketball teams are
featured in the December
Sports Supplement

See insert

 

 

 

 

 

 

STROUD UPS

Senlor eo-ca taln Jlm Fox wraps up his opponent. Fox and the rest of the Albany State wrealllng team placed

lhlrd at the out Guard lnvltatlonal Friday.

Grapplers take third in tourney

By Cathy Errlg
STAFF WRITER

The Great Danes were. in the eyes of many. the under-
dogs going into last Wednesday's wrestling match against
Division 1 Boston University. The Dane grapplers proved
the skeptics wrong. however. as they defeated the six-time
New England champions. 26-17.

“It was a very exciting match." said head coach Joe
DeMeo. “Our undefeated record was on the line, we had
to come from behind in order to win. in the end. all of
BU's scholarships and splendor couldn’t keep us down;
we whipped 'em."

The Danes took the initial lead with junior co-captain
Shawn Sheldon defeating BU's John Foley at 118 lbs.,
7-5. For Sheldon, now 6-0 in dual matches this season.
the win was tinged with revenge. as Foley had defeated
him earlier this season at the Great Dane Classic.

“l‘m getting back into collegiate wrestling.” said
Sheldon. “l was happy with the way i wrestled in that
match."

The lead was reversed in the next match. though. as
BU‘s 126-lb. Dennis King defeated Dane freshman Andy
Gordon by technical fall. giving Boston a 6-3 lead.

Paul Prosscr gave the lead back to the Danes. pinning
Boston's 132-lb. Steve Johnson at 6:25. With their two
weakest weights behind them. the Danes were ahead. 9-6.

But at 142. junior co-captain John Balog lost a tough
13-10 decision to Patrick Duthie. which tied the match at
9-9. Senior co-captain Jim Fox tied Boston’s Lenny
DiBari at 150. 4-4. and Arne Soldwedal lost his decision
to Pete DiBencdetto by technical fall. giving Boston a
17-“ lead.

“John’s loss was very hard-fought." said DeMeo.
“and within reach of winning. Arne just wasn't ready for
his opponent".

Freshman Mike Simon, wrestling at 167. defeated Pete
DiBenedetto. 5-3. in what was. according to DcMeo. “a
thriller of a match," which brought the score to 17-14 in
Boston University's favor. with three weights remaining.

The Danes could not have chosen a better point from
which to come from behind because the top three weights
have been among their strongest since the beginning of
the season. At 177, senior co-captain Marty Pidel
dominated Boston’s lan McDonald. 10-1. until
McDonald was disqualiﬁed for stalling. giving the Danes
a 80-17 lead.

At 190. it appeared as though the match would be tied
again. Junior Matt Ryan trailed Phil Lazareth. 9-6, until
the final three seconds of the final period before Ryan ex-
ecuted his own variation of a body lock. the aptly named
“Ryan,” to win the match. 10-9. Going into the
heavyweight match. the Danes led. 23-17.

The ﬁnal bout pitted Dane Chris Tironi against Duke
Koplovitz, a match that featured two of the best
heavyweight wrestlers in the country. according to

DeMeo. Behind for most of the match, Tironi came back
to win, 5-3. The win gave the Danes their ﬁnal 26-17
victory. 

“l was real pleased with the performance." said
DeMeo. “And I have to give a lot of credit to the referee
for making those stalling calls. if he had been a ‘homer.’
we wouldn't have won.

The trouncing of Division I opponents didn’t stop there
for the Danes. as they went on to ﬁnish third in the Coast
Guard Invitational, 3 tournament that involved 15 teams.
including six Division 1 schools and four Division 11
schools. St. Lawrence won the tournament with 66
points. and Rutgers. scoring 56 points, was second ahead
of the Danes. who finished with 55.

“We weren’t full-strength for this tournament.” said
Sheldon. “We were missing guys at two weights. l think
we could have won it with all ten.”

The Danes were without wrestlers at 167, due to
Simon's knee injury and Ryan’s decision to forego the
match in order to study for exams.

The Danes made their presence felt. as Sheldon cap-
lured the 118 title. Fox. Pidel and Tironi were second at
150. I77. and heavyweight. respectively. and Balog tied
for fifth at 142.

“We had a good performance," said DeMeo. “we
made a very good showing for this weekend."‘

Sheldon’s ﬁrst-place ﬁnish was his second in two years
at this tournament, as he won all ﬁve of his matches, in-
cluding two more against BU's Foley. Sheldon defeated
Foley in the final, 7-5.

At 150. Fox won his first four matches and met
Brown’s Bob Hill in the final. Despite Fox‘s having
defeated Hill four consecutive times leading up to the
final. including a 7-2 victory in an earlier tournament
match. Fox lost a close 5-4 decision.

Ahead 4-3 into the third period. Fox got taken down
with only 18 seconds remaining. giving Hill a 5—4 victory.

Pidel took a longer route to his second place ﬁnish
because he was required to wrestle seven matches after
losing in an earlier round.

“The wrestle-back schedule is real tough in this tourna-
ment." said Pidel. “You’re sore all over after that tour-
nament; it's one of the toughest due to the competition
and the way it's set-up."

Pidel lost to Southern Connecticut’s Denny Forester.
6-3 in the ﬁnals.

“It was a close. tough match." said DeMeo. "The
score was like 5-3. 4-3. with less than one minute
remaining."

Tironi narrowly lost his ﬁnal match. 3-2. to Lee Gem,
a heavyweight ranked in the top eight nationally and con-
sidered to be the top heavyweight in the East. The deci-
sion was given to Goetz on the basis that he had less
riding time than Tironi.

18>

 

Great Danes led
by Kilmer in win
over Plattsburgh

By Krlstlne Sauer
spams EDITOR

Last year Doug Kilmer sat on the bench behind
Albany State starting guards Dave Adam and Danny
Croutier. but last Saturday night Kilmer’s performance
proved that those days-are long gone.

Kilmer scored a phenomenal 26 points in the Great
Danes’ 72-65 win over the Plattsburgh Cardinals at
Plattsburgh Gymnasium.

 

Last night’s boxscore
See page 18

 

 

“No. i didn't think I'd be scoring that much," said
Kilmer. “It won't be a habit. l’m a good shooter. and
l'm in a groove right now."

The 6’0" senior co-captain's 26-point scoring binge
follwoed a 17-point performance against Cortland.
Kilmer sank all seven of his shots in the Danes' 98-70
white washing of the Red Dragons. including three
from the three-point range.

Earlier in the week, Kilmer scored 20 points in the
Danes’ opener against RPI and chipped in 12 points in
the capital District ﬁnals against the tournaments' host
team, Union. Head Coach Dick Saucr was a little
dissappointed that Kilmer wasn’t named to the All-
tournament team in addition to guard Mike Cinque
and tournament MVP Adam Ursprung. '

This Oswegonian has shot 30 for 43 for a 69.8
shooting percentage in the last four hames. He 'recieved
an ECAC honorable mention for last week's
‘peformances. 1

Against Plattsburgh. Kilmers’ deadly shot was just
the weapon the Danes needed after Plattsburgh gave
Albany 3 run for their money throughout the game.

The Cardinals jumped out to a quick 8-2 lead and
were still on the warpath. but four baskets by Albany's
center John Mracek. along with six points from
Kilmer. kept the Danes in the game. With ﬁve minutes
to go, Albany, who had just jumped out to a three-
point lead, 20-17, off an Adam Ursprung lay up. fell

18>

 

 

 

UPS

1
J: K.

i
i
i
g.

 

 

 

 

mm
Doug Kllmar'a 26 points aimed Plattaburo.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

