 

 

 
  

18  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDAY. APRIL l2. I985

The Isles en joy having backs against theivvall ‘ I _ 1'3 Albany stiCkme" Shown-9 for 10-5980 %

By Andy Targovnik

In years past, you would only
hear Ranger fans saying how the
Islanders would not win the
Stanley Cup. Now you even hear
skeptical Islander fans.

The consensus among all
hockey fans seems to be that the
Islanders are .
old and ragged Friday
and that they
can't keep up 
with the young
and powerful 
Edmonton Oilers. I even hear
people saying that teams like
Washington. Philadelphia, and

Montreal are better than the
Islanders. It looks impossible,
right?

Well, let‘s look back a bit.
Remember the last time
something looked impossible for
the Islanders? It was the
1979-1980 season, the opening
round of the playoffs versus the
Los Angeles Kings. After splitting
a pair of games at the Coliseum,
the Islanders trailed 3-1 going into
the third period of game three
which was being played in Los
‘Angelcs. Seemed impossible.
didn't it?

They ended up not only winn- ,

ing the game in overtime but they
won the series. Then the Islanders
had to play in the rest of the
playoffs without the home ice ad-
vantage in any of the series.
Seemed impossible didn't it?

On May 24, 1980. the Islanders
beat the Philadelphia Flyers to
win the Stanley Cup. the same
Philadelphia Flyers who finished
25 points ahead of the Islanders
during the regular season. It was
Bobby Nystrom who scored the
winner on his first backhand goal
all year.

Now I hear people saying that
their grandmother can beat
Nystrom up the ice and that he is
washed up. Well folks, Nystrom
wasn‘t much swifter back then.
However. he is symbolic of all the
Islanders in that he does what he
has to do when it has to be done.

Remember the following year
when Mike Bossy was ap-
proaching Rocket Richard‘s
record of 50 goals in 50 games.
Bossy had 48 goals in 49 games so
he needed to score two goals
against the Quebec Nordiques.
With about five minutes to go ir
the game. Bossy had no goals
Seemed impossible ‘didn't it'.
Bossy scored his 49th with 4:10 to
go. Still seemed kind of hard.
Number 50 came with 1:29 left on
the clock. Once again, the
islanders found a way.

Remember February 20. 1982.
The Islanders needed a win to
break the regular season con-
secutive win record (15). With one
minute to go in the game. the
Islanders were tied with the Col-
orado Rockies. Seemed impossi-
ble. didn't it? John ’I‘onelli scored
with seconds left and the
Islanders broke the record. Once
again. the Islanders did what
seemed impossible.

In the playoffs of the same
year. the Islanders were tied with
the Pittsburgh Penguins two
games to two. In the deciding
W

Minnesota For
Mondale’s next
game will be on
Saturday at 3:30.

Islanders trailed 1-0 going into the
third period of game four.
Maybe AI Arbour showed the
team the Post’s headline between
the second and third period
because the Islanders came up
with five third period goals as
they forced the series to a
deciding game.

In game five, the Islanders were
just 39 seconds away from winn-
ing the series when Don Maloney
tied the game with a goal. (I still
say it was a high stick.) Scary,
wasn't it? However, Ken Morrow
scored in overtime and the
Islanders won again. It's as if the
Islanders toy with their opponents
and then put on the finishing
touch.

game, with six minutes to go, the
Islanders trailed by two goals. It
looked like it was all over.

Mike McEwen and John
Tonelli scored goals to send the
game into overtime. It was
Tonelli. the epitome of a gutsy
hardworker. who scored the win-
ner. Once again, the Islanders
miraculously came out on top.
“We were scared to death," said
Tonelli. The Islanders refused to
die.

Let’s not

People may argue 'over
specifics. but there can be” no
argument in the statement that
the Islanders are winners. They
are the greatest sports organiza-
tion in recent decades. So don’t
.lose, faith Islander fans. because
whether it’s Mike Bossy scoring a
key goal, Billy Smith making a
'key save, John Tonelli taking the
puck away from two opponents in
the corner, or Bobby Nystrom
scoring an overtime goal the -
Islanders will bring the .Stanley.
cup back to Long Island. Sothe ._
next time anybody is skeptical,
just think about how the Islanders 
are able to make the impossible ;
become a reality. Dynasties have u
, away of doing that.

Now I hear people saying Billy
Smith can't stop a basketball
much less a hockey puck. Smith
was never too talented but he was
always a money goaltender.
Kelley Hrudey appears to be an
excellent young goaltender, but
don't kid yourself - Smith will be
the playoff goaltender. When the
chips are down and he has to
make a save. you’d better believe
he will.

One may wonder what happen-
ed to the Islander Magic against
Edmonton last year. Maybe it was
injuries. “We had .four healthy
people for the final game," said
At Arbour. Maybe it was exhaus-
tion. Maybe, it’s just that the
Islanders are human beings.

forget last year's

series against the Rangers. The
Islanders trailed two games to one
and were one loss away from
elimination. The headline in the
New York Post read “Islander
dynasty near

The'

 

death.”

     
 
    
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
    

ornate PllVOBIVWIStIBZILYOG ‘  ,i
'  ABNAIIIII..AND usssz'    

Famous Ex—Space'MonsIer
_ \.

  
  
  

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
    
     
   
  
 
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  

  
 
  
  

mamas roan-LWAYSWANT
ijtnasrrmanptrss.  x- 

    
   
  
    

ﬁance ABNAMttlD Enema. 1 

 

 

 

By Cathy Errlg

A ﬁnal recordof 10-3 is the goal the
Albany State lacrosse team. currently at
1-3, is shooting for.

"That may be optimistic," said Head-
Coach Rick Flanders, "but I think we can
win the rest of our games if we play up to
our potential. We've got 13 returning
seniors on the team this season so we
should be very competitive."

The defense should be the team's forte
this season. Key players include senior cap-
tain Alan Cornfield. junior transfer Mat-
thew Johnson. and sophomore Andre Dat-
iero. coining is now in his fourth season
as Albany’s starting goalie, and according
to Flanders, “He is a legitimate All-
American candidate. Up until this year he
has been our only goalie and has carried
the entire load on his shoulders."

Johnson, a transfer defenseman from
Oneonta is, according to Flanders, “a
pleasurable addition to the team. He plays
with the most intensity of anyone.”

Dattero, injured last year, according to
Flanders, " is outstanding on one-on-one
matchups." ,

Offensively. key players include attack-
tnen David Cerney, a junior from Solon.
Ohio, and '. senior Jim McPartlin from
Syosset. Additionally, strong perfor-
mances are. expected from seniors Gary
Friedman (Wantaugh). Brad Rabinowitz
(Oceanside), and Tommy Romano
(Bellmore). All three are former mid-
t‘ielders, moved this season to the attack
position to provide the team with more
depth. '

“They 'moved with no reseivations,"
said Flanders, “and they are doing a great
job there." V

Despite the strong presence of captain
Don Plans, the midfield has been weaken—

  

ed somewhat due to injuries to juniors
Steve Barnett (Syosset), and Jason Hurley
(Riverdale), and senior Lou Becker.

“Because of the injuries, our midﬁeld
has not played up to its potential,”.said
Flanders. "Three to four weeks of work-
ing together is shot; we've had to run.dif-
ferent lines in our games. We thought the
depth of our midfield would give us an ad-
vantage against the competition but it’s
turned out to be a disadvantage."

The team opened its season with a disap-
pointing 12-8 loss to RPI on April 2.

“It was our midfield that was the pro-
blem in that game." said Flanders. .“The
injuries really affected us; we had to run
two and one-half lines instead of the three
we were used to.”

The team rebounded on April 4 by solid-
ly defeating Skidmore, 14-5 at home. The
team’s most outstanding performances
were turned in by Cornfield, MePartlin,
and RabinovVitz.

On April 6. the Danes traveled to
Rochester to take on RIT, a nationally
ranked Division 111 team, and sufferd.a
tough 18-9 defeat. Cornfield was again
outstanding, making 32 saves out 'of 55
shots. Strong games were also played by
Ccrney, and senior midfielder Gary
Weisner.

Cortland proved too much for the
Danes as they defeated Albany 18-1.

"We would have been much closer if we
had played our game; defense oriented,
with a patient offense. We're a tight check-
ing team that works for good shots and
plays well collectively. not individually.
The score was 0-0 eight minutes into the
game, then Cortland got a couple of goals
and we started playing their game. We got

frustrated and pressed too much.”

Flanders is positive about the remainder

FRIDA v, APRIL 12. 1985 1:1 ALBANY STUDENT mess spans 19

g

 

2‘
I
. inc..- f.

.Jn

.mn

 

. , UPS
An In ury-rlddlod Albany State lacrosse team has had their troubles In the early go-

ing 0 the season.

of the season.

"We won't stay down long.‘We have no
more RlT's or Cortland's in our schedule,
'and our injured players should be return-
ing soon. We also have great leadership
from our captains; they've been working
since the end of last season and have been
successful in establishing team identity,
getting in shape. and improving stick

skills."

The Dane stickmen will be hosting
Geneseo on Saturday at 1:00 p.m. Geneseo
is the only school other than Cortland to
have won a SUNYAC Lacrosse title.

“It sho'uld be a very good game," said
Flanders. “and I'm optimistic. In the past
three years, we've only lost one game at
home."

Women tracksters finish third at Binghamton

By Rachel Braslow
STAFF WRITER '

A third place finish at the Binghamtoh
Invitational April 10 signaled the start of
the Albany State women's outdoor track
and field team. Although low
temperatures and winds prevailed. this did
not stop the Lady Danes. from some
outstanding performances.

Freshman Marcel Innis had an outstan-

ding day. She was victorious in the 100
yard dash (13.3) and the 200 yard dash
(28.9). She went on to place fourth in the
long jump (14'5 3/4") and was a member
of the fifth place 1,600 meter relay team.
Junior Anita Heath ran on the relay as 1
well as'a fourth place finish in the 400
meter run (105.0). .Heath was followed
closely by sophomore teammate Patty Bar-
rett(105.3). Barrett was a member of the

 

By Lisa Jacket

STAFF WRITER

Softball team splits with Cortland

The Albany State women's softball team traveled to Myrtle Beach, S.C. over spring
break to play four scrimmages and two league games. They also scrimmaged St. Rose
twice before spring break, which resulted In a tie and a loss for the Danes. ‘

While down in South Carolina, the Lady .Danes won three scrimmages against St.
Norberts and lost to North Carolina at Wilmington. a Division 11 school.

The Great Dane softball team opened up their season with a 9-2 victory over.Cor-
tland in the first game of a doubleheader on Thursday. April 4. Playing on rough ter-
rain, they kept the ball on the ground. exploiting Cortland’s shaky fielding. “Our play '
surprised them —- they didn't expect it.” commented Coach Rhenish.

They started the game off on the right foot, scoring two runs in the first inning. and
continued with a run in the third inning, five In the fifth, and another in the seventh.

1,600 meter relay team as well as a member
of the second place 400-meter relay. She
also jumped 13'11" fora fifth place finish
in the long jump. '

“Coach Mosier is making enthusiastic
workouts, getting us psyched for the rest
of the season.“ said freshman team
member Susie Mackay. Perhaps this is why
there were several notable performances
this early in the season.

However, the sprinters were not alone in

their success. Junior Bette Dzamba
displayed much talent en route to her
fourth place finish in the 5,000 meter run.
Her early season time of 18:31.4 qualified
her for the state meet. Dz'amba came back
later in the day for an 11:08.9 third place
in the 3.000 meter run behind teammate
Lynn Jacobs. Jacobs ran 11:01 to capture
second place in the 3k race. She also
qualified for the state meet.

Junior Chris Varley ran a personal best
time of 20:01 for a sixth place finish in the
5,000 meter run. Teammate Karen Kurthy
placed seventh in the 1,500 meter run.

“I think our distance people were get-
ting back into their rhythm. Bette” excelled

 

Junior Wendy Williams did a fabulousjob pitching. Facing 31 batters. she had eight
strikeouts. two walks. allowed five hits and two runs. Meanwhile. Albany scored nine
runs on five hits. . I , .

'l‘he Danes were pretty‘weary going into the second game of the doubleheader and
Perhaps a ,Iittlc too ov'érconfident after already beating Cortland. 9-2. "There's not
Ollb' a lot of physical‘endurance in a doubleheader but a lot of mental concentration is

in the 5k and came back and ran respec-
Itably In the 3k. distance," Coach Ron
White said. “Lynn ran cautioust and
respectany In the 3k so as not to aggravate
what she thought was an injury."

 

"C‘lllired -— you can't let your mind wander,-not even for a second,",sald’.Coach
Rhenish. “After,winning the first game the girls Weren’t concentrating onwinntngthc
second — they were just playing." _ ‘

The second game ended in a close defeat. Albany Iostng 2-1. The girls didn't play the
ball on the ground as they did in the first game. resulting in easy outsfiue to ﬂy balls-

While the Great Dane softball team has an excellent defense, the hitters need more
discipline. according to Rhenish. “They have to be more patient and wait for their
pitch instead of chasing it," stated Coach Rhenish. ‘

The Albany State women's softball team has the potential to go a long way this
season considering they beat Cortland. the first place team last year and a school rank-
ed 14th in Division 111. Their goal for the season is to will the SUNYACs and make the
first round playoffs In the NCAA regionnls.

The trip to South Carolina was an overall success. "It gave us the opportunity to
Dilly well without worrying about bad weather," said sophomore Terri Sokol.

“It was a good opportunity to get to know one another and also a good opportunity

 

Coach White added that this spring
season he doesn't want to double people
up as much. He said. “It's a matter ofget-
ting» others in a supportive role and
everyone pulling their own. The team is
beginning to show continuity and con-
sistency in distance."

<Back Pa 0

the last inn ng. Sinicki. an emaciated 6'2",
157 pounds. came into the game with a 2-0
record and a 0.00 ERA In conference
games.

 

 

‘0 Play and improve our game." commented freshman Sheila Littleton. [3

 

PAWI’RINTS: The Danes split two non-

  

Kurthy agreed: “We have the numbers,
it’s a matter of everyone getting in the
right event.”
Yet there was still another determining
factor in the third place finish. The field
events competitors gathered lots of points
to contribute to the third place ﬁnish.
Pam Robinson hurled the shot put 34'4
‘1/2" for a 3rd place. This was the best
throw field events-coach Kidder has seen
from an Albany student in the past four
years. Pam also qualified for the State
meet in what coach White says is one of
the hardest qualifying figures to meet.

Co-captain sophomore Barb Shipley
threw 29'11" for a 6th place finish in the
shot put as well as a 4th place finish in the
discus. ‘

Coach Kidder showed much interest in
sophomore Leslie Anderson. "I’m looking
for her to develop into probably one of our
strongest javelin throwers," Kidder said.
Anderson threw virtually from a stand yet
managed to hurl the javelin 81'2 in her
first track and field meet ever.

Coach Kidder stressed the point that lots
of techinque work will be emphasized this
season. The team is also lacking high
jumpers and triple jumpers.

This year's track and field team looks to
be well balanced. Lots of new team
members combining with veteran members
should prove for a very optimistic season
outlook.

The Lady Duties will host the Albany In-
vitational Saturday. April 13 and hopeful-
ly, some of the hidden talent this team
possesses, will explode. 1'1

Danes split with Binghamton

conference games over the spring break.
The team surprised Division 11 CW. Post.
and lost to Staten, Island. . .Chris Flet-
cher, the Danes' other starter, will get the
call in the first game of the doubleheader
against Cortland. The other starter hasn't
been tabbed yet.

  

 

  

