34 “Asstan smnamtpnass 1:1 'WBDNBSDA‘I’l‘WUVEMBER‘E; 21985

Dorms almost back to normal atter270 moved

By Linda Greenberg
STAFF WRITER

The majority of students housed in in-
creased occupancy rooms and all of the
students housed temporarily by Residen-
tial Life have been moved into normal oc-
cupancy living conditions. said Ofﬁce of
Residential Life Director John Martone.

Approximately 60 students. who applied
for on-campus housing for this semester
were assigned to temporary living quarters
such as dorm lounges.

“Temporary housing is just that we
guarantee to place students into permanent
housing within two days to two weeks. We
were able to take care of eliminating tem-
porary housing within one week,” said
Martone.

Increased occupancy housing is not
necessarily temporary, said Martone, ad-
ding that students could remain in increas-
ed occupancy rooms all semester.

About 210 of the 375 students originally
placed inincreased occupancies have been
moved to normal occupancy rooms. Only
165 people are still left in increased oc-
cupancies, said Martone, adding that
"some of these students have been given
the opportunity to move, but have refused
the of fer."

Each year the University is faced with
the prospect of housing more students
than it can accomodate. said Martone.
“Acceptance to the university is not based
on housing. The school accepts more peo-
ple than it could ever possibly house," he
added.

Little can be done to alleviate over-
crowding. “The Office of Residential Life
and students alike will have to deal with
the problem of increased occupancy for a
while." said Martone. “it will be some.
time before SUNYA will be able to ac-
comodate more students," until new
dorms are built. he said.

Approximately 50 percent of incoming

frosh have been placed in increased oc-
cupancy this year, said Martone.
“Freshman were spread out on all five
quads this year instead of mostly being
concentrated on State and Colonial
Quads. This was a good idea because it has
prevented massive overcrowding on just
one quad," he added.

A memorandum dated September I,
1985 was distributed to all students assign-
ed to increased occupancy bedrooms.

According to Paul Doyle, associate
director of Residential Life, “This infor-
mative material was given out sot hat
everyone had the opportunity to receive

the same information." The purpose was
to educate those students in increaied oc.
eupancy “about the process of becoming
un-increased," said Doyle.

Also, a September 4 meeting concerning

increased occupancy was announced in the y.

memorandum to further answer any ques-
tions. “It's only natural that students
should have questions and concerns regar-
ding this issue,” said Doyle.

Students assigned to increased occupan-
cy are charged lower rates than those in
normal occupancy. On the uptown quads,
housing costs have decreased from $775.00
per semester to $558.50 for those students

incresed‘from four to five people. five to
six people, or six to seven people in a suite.

On the downtown quad: where two
students have been increased'to three in a
room, costs have droppedfrom $750.00
per semester to $541.50. .

According to Doyle, "Alumni students
are charged'szs less overall to compensate
for having to commute to the uptown
campus."

If students choose to remain in an in-
creased occupancy suite, they will not be
charged the higher, normal occupancy rate
until campus wide residence hall occupan-
cy falls below 100 percent, he said. E]

 

 

Students crowd dorms as living costs rise

COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE — Students
seem to be opting to live in dormitories
because of the high transportation costs
and the expense of most off—campus
housing. although administrators have
been reluctant to build new dorms to ac-
comodate students because they an-
ticipated a precipitous enrollment
decline be mid-decade, about the time
they would ﬁnish building the new
housing.

But the enrollment predictions
haven‘t quite panned out. The National
Center for Education Statistics most
recently predicted American college
enrollment this year would stay at about
last year‘s record level.

Students’ access to dorm space, as a
result, depends on how well their par-
ticular schools have done in keeping
their enrollments up.

A randon College Press Service
sampling of housingg officers nation-
wide found dorm overcrowding —- in
which students are forced either to live
three or four to a room or must move

temporarily into off campus commercial
space — is more common in Sun Belt
states. where enrollment is steady or in-
creasing, and less common in the rest of
the nation. _

However many students do enroll,
though, they still seem to prefer living
on campus. “The tide is still turned
(towards students living on campus),”
said Jim Grimm. past president of the
nationwide association of university
housingofi‘tcers and still the University
of Florida's housing chief.

“Students are slowly coming back to
campus," said Grimm, who said he ex-
pects the number of students living on
campus to increase between three and
six percent this year.

But Grimm's successor as president of
the Association of College and Universi-
ty Housing Ofﬁcers (ACUHO) thinks
student demand for on-campus housing
is down marginally this year.

“The smaller and middle-sized
schools in particular have plenty of
vacancies,’ said Washington State

rooms to house students it couldn’t ac-
comodate in regular rooms.

students and provoke unexpected ten-
sions. A disproportionate number of
black students jammed into dorm triples
at Maryland brought accusations of
housing racism.

  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
     

University housing director Bill
Bierbaurn. ‘ ~
Bierbaum said more students are go-
ing to school closer to home to cut costs,
and that commuter students don’t need
on—carnpus housing. “People are trying
to cut costs by retrenching,” he‘said.
Colleges consequently are doing the
same thing airlines do when they're not
sure they can ﬁll the space they have got
to sell: they overbook their rooms.
Some 200 University f Miami students
began the year shut out of dorm space
they'd been promised, compared to
some 40 students who found themselves
in the same fix in fall, 1984.
The University of Illinois had to con-
vert 57 dorm lounges into temporary

The resultant densities alienate

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

UCB Presents
ﬁn Evening With

THEE

@D. @[l MEEG‘EL QBESE

Featuring

ﬁirto Morcira
TONITE at 8 p.m.

Tickets Fivoilcblc Thurs... Oct.24€it CC
Strawberries 8 The Palace Theatre

Tickets are $1 with student tux card
510 without 1‘: nltc of show

 

 

 

 

 

  

Disc Jockey Gregg Rothschild
“This will deﬁnitely increase listenerslu'p. ”

IIAIIK MEDIAVILLA UPS

WM‘WMW iEl ’WSMENPMKSS 

WGBIO count ‘édownitheirtop 91- hits of all time

~ By‘Jodl Fiddle , '

' :Joe'y Miserable and the Worms, the Talking
Heads, and the Clash are just some of the many
groups people will probably be hearing November
21, when WCDBJIFM airs their top 91 hits of all
time. '

The countdotim will be aired between 5 p.m. and
midnight and free album give-aways will be incor-
porated in the program, said disc jockey Gregg
Rothchild, one of the program’s organizers.

WCDB has never done this type of program
before. said Rothchild, adding the idea was created
by himself, SportDirector Mark lsbitts, and Chris
Clarke; They are all hoping that this program will
increase the audience of WCDB.

“This will definitely increase listenership,” along
with Rock Night at the Rafters, also sponsored by
WCDB. which is scheduled for the week before,
said Rothchild.

According to Isbitts. WCDB has not yet decided
on budget details because “we have never dealt with
this type of promotion before. .We are having a
meeting later this week with our new promotion
manager to decide on how much we are willing to
spend.”

He added, “I don’t know what we‘re going to do
with it [the promotion budget] because we haven’t
spent a penny of it to date."

The station decided on this promotion because it
“wanted to make students more aware of the music
we play,” said lsbitts, adding, “We have a very
negative image on campus because many students

feel the music we play is tee obscure. Most are from

'downstate and listen to the Top-40 New York Sta-

tions." he said.

For this reason, WCDB is not heavily encourag-
ing students to vote on the countdown because
“most of our listeners are off campus and a heavy

K student vote would dilute our program," said

lsbitts, who estimated that students make up only
about ten percent of the station’s audience.

WCDB. Rothchild said, is an alternative radio
station, and the only station in the Capital District
that plays new music and mixes all different varia‘
tions into one set.

The top 91 hits of all time will be determined by
WCDB’s listeners. Ballot Boxes will be located at
JB's Theatre, the Spectrum Theatre, Duck Soup
Theatre, Frank’s Living Room, The Music Miser,
Radio Shack, and the Campus Center Information
Desk. In addition, ballots can also be mailed to the
station and a ballot box will be available at Rock
Night at the Rafters.

“One of the greatest things about this evening is
the listener is telling us what to play,” Rothchild
said. “This is only a logocal extension of WCDB's
philosophy'of being as responsive to our listeners’
requests as possible," he said.

“This is one of the most exciting things that has
gone on since I have been here,” he said. “I'm hap-
py with the support I’ve received from all of the
members of the station. Chris, Rob, and myself are
all extremely psyched to be involved. ” l_l

Students demand quality teaching

By Bill Jacob
BDI’IDRMLASISTANT
Although University ofﬁcials and the Depart-
ment of Mathematics say that problems conceming
the teaching ability of professor Boguslaw
Tomaszewski in his MAT 361 class have been
reconciled, not all students in the class agree.
Students had been complaining that
Tomaszewski was difﬁcult to understand because

of his Bastem European accent, and his failure to ,

fully explain points made in class. -

Nineteen of twenty—four students enrolled in the
class signed a petition several weeks ago asking
Joseph Jenkins, Math department chair. to ensure
that steps would be taken to improve the level of
teaching in the class.

Harry Hamilton, Director of Undergraduate
Studies said last Friday that he spoke to Jenkins
about the situation in the class and was told that
students believe there has been an improvement.
“He (Jenkins) assured me that was the case.
Students seemed satisfied that their concerns were
addressed." he said.

Hamilton said that Jenkins spoke to about ten
students in the class and felt that their concerns
about the way the class is taught had been address-
ed. He added that Jenkins is “ready to respond to
student complaints," but that complaints should be.
specific in nature. .

Jenkins would not comment on complaints con-
cerning Tomaszewski. “I don’t thnk that it’s ap-
propriate to discuss individual cases like this is the
press and sol don’t want to go into any details con-
cerning any individual in the faculty." he said.

MAT 361 is the ﬁrst course Tomaszewski is
teaching at the University, Jenkins said.
Tomaszewski previously taught at the University of
Warsaw in Poland and‘has since received his doc-
torate from the University of Wisconsin.

“Often a complaint is made by students concern-
ing language and that is not really the problem,"
Hamilton said. “Often a whole host of things are
different, but the thing that is most different is the
language, and so the student complains about the
language."

Tomaszewski declined to comment on the pro-
blems between himself and the students in his class.

One junior in the class, who is double-majoring
in computer science' and mathematics. said that
Tomasewski’s teaching methods have not improved

‘ since the beginning of the semester. “It looks the
same to me. He'll go over certain things and state
exactly how it's stated‘ln the book," she said.

“He does very few problems and doesn’t finish
examples," she added. “Everything is straight from
the book."

When asked whether Tomaszewskl’s accent af-
fects the class. she said that she sympathizes with
him. “I feel sorry for him. he just can’t get the
point across-he’s so frustrated." -

She also said she has to solve many problems
' herself because Tomaszewski has told her that he

does not know how to do the problems. “I think
it’s too late for anything (to cha’nge),” she said.

“I'm accepting the fact that I'm not going to do...

well."
Another student in the class agreed that there has

been no improvement since students have begun to _

complain to Jenkins. “He (Tomaszewski) hasn’t
changed. his style of teaching at all," she said.
“He’s as bad as he was in the beginning. He doesn’t
explain the material,” she said. -

The student further said that shedoes not got to
Tomaszewski during his ofﬁcer hours. “It’s useless,
so I don’t bother.”shc said.

According to Angela Kolczyriski, another student
in Tomasiewski‘s class, his teaching methods have
improved since Jenkins has been communicating
with him._“Jenkins has been talking to hm about
how American schools are run,” she said, adding
that she feels that Tomaszewski has begun to ex~
plain theorems and go over more examples from the
textbook. ‘

When asked if Tomaszewski’s accent made learn-
ing in the class more difficult. Kolczynski said, “it
did at ﬁrst, but now that I'm used to it and have
been going to his ofﬁce hours I’ve been used to his
accent." '

“Language isn’t much of a' problem anymore,"
she added. “We’ve mostly gotten used to that.”

Students must take action if they feel that a pro- \

fessor is ’not teaching effectively, Hamilton said.
“When a student who is in a class feels very strong-
ly that he or she is not learning the information
because of inabilities on the part of the faculty
member, then the person should talk to the chair of
the department, and as explicitly as possible in-
dicate what he or she thinks is wrong," he said.

“The chair should meet with the faculty member
involved and indicate that a complain has been
made, and try to ﬁnd out whether the faculty
member might agree that there is a problem,".
Hamilton said. “Sometimes faculty are not aware
that there is a problem.” he added.

“The chair's responsibility is to investigate the
complaint....and to follow-up somehow to try to
talk with other students in the class and get back to
the students who originally made the complaint,"
he said.

“If the student who made the original complaint
does not feel that the department chair effected a
solution to the problem, the students should then
notify me and the dean of the college in which the
department is house." Hamilton said.

Students should also attempt to deal with pro-
blems Involving a professor by actually contacting
the Instructor. Jenkins said. “I would hope first
that they would talk to the professor. but If they
don’t feel that is an appropriate avenue, they come
see me or come see the director of the
undergraduate program."

Past problems have been solved mostly on a
departmental level. Jenkins said. “When problems

18>

 

 

 

 

 

 

Awareness Day to target
harassment, self-defense

By Pam Conway
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

.The array of workshops,
panels and ﬁlms that spanned
three days last fall has been
split up this year, but the
organizer of Thursday’s
Women's Safety Awareness
Day says the change will keep
the campus alerted to women‘s
safety concerns.

The event, sponsored by the
Presidential I Task Force on
Women’s Safety, Student
Association, and University
Auxiliary Services, is “an at-
tempt to make women aware of
issues so they can be responsi-
ble for their own safety,” ac-
cording to task force Chair
Lisa Donohue.

Last year, the issue of
women's safety was addressed
during a two-and-aahalf day
series of discussions, presenta~
tions and films held in
September, but this year the
format has been changed.

in addition to the activities
to be held on Nov. 7, another
event will be held in the spring.
According to Donahue, “The
task force decided to have one
event in the fall and one In the
spring and spread the event out
in order to keep women more
aware of the issues of women's
safety.”

The event will not be kicked
off with an opening ceremony

and keynote address as in
previous years, but will begin at
10 a.m. with a discussion by
Bonnie Carlson, Professor at
the School of Social Welfare,
on the topic “Violence in Rela-
tionships Among College
Students." in CC 375.

According to Donahue,
Carlson will be addressing toics
such as “date rape" and also
violence in relationships bet-
ween students of the same sex.

At 11:30, Self Defense In-
structor Barbara Palm, Niack
Belt Karate Instructor lsadore
Johnson, and Black Belt Judo
instructor Lix Kirk will present
a demonstration titled, “Self
Defense: Orientations and
Alternatives" at the Campus
Center Assembly Hall.

The demonstration will be
followed by a discussion entitl-
ed. “Sexual Harassment in the
Academic Environment.” to
be moderated by Dr. Gloria
DeSoIe, Assistant to the Presi-
dent for Affirmative Action.
also in CC 375.

At- 2:30, Ellen Mindel and
Cathy Jordan from the Rape
Crisis Center, a service of Plan~
ned Parenthood of Schenec-
tady. will conduct a discussion
entitled “Rape: Facts and
Myths" and at 4 the Albany
Crime Prevention Unit will
hold a discussion on the topic

7»

 

 

 

 

