 

 

4 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS l] TUESDA Y. APRIL 23. loss

 

CHINESE KITCHEN

579 New Scotland Ave., Albany

438-2622; 482-7201

FnEE DEttvEnv

($10.00 minimum purchase)

Delivery Area:

wasmrvcrON AVE

     
  
 

 

 

  

* LEE EONG
Chinese Kitchen

 
 

WHITEHALL ROAD

East to Delaware Ave. & Lark St.
South to Whitehall Rd.
West to Tampa Ave.

Delivery Hours:
Mon—Thurs. 5-10 PM. 0 Fri. 5-11 pm.
Sat. 3-1 1 pm. 0 Sun. 3-10 pm.

 

  

sauce was 

North to Washington Ave. & SUNY Albany Uptown Campus

By J. C. Hayden
SIAI'P \l‘Rll'L-‘R

Stating that "Sex has purposes other
than conception." Mat Hoffman. a
psychiatrist and attorney spoke Monday
night on "‘Uncovering the Myths Behind
Jewish Sexualtiy.”

Pacing rapidly across the front of the
room. and continually rolling up his shirt
sleeves. Hoffman discussed the song “She
Bop." performed by singer Cindi Lauper.
and. its sexual connotastions. Hoffman
halted. faced the audience. and declared.
.“Cindy Lauper is a pervert."

Hoffman brought to light the Jewish
opinion .of masturbation saying that for
males. it was "not preferable," and “for-
bidden." For females. however. he said it
was “not so bad. but also not preferable."

Masturbation is objectionable because it
is considered to be. “in vain." Hoffman
said. The decision of the type of sex to be
engaged in. should ttot be one that is “in
vain." he added.

In the determination of the type of sex
(oral, anasl or natural) that a married cou-
plc engages in. Hoffman emphasized that
the "motive" should be the pritne factor.
He said. if the decision is tnade on the
basis of “fun.” it is acceptable. But if oral
sex is chosen. primarily as a from of con‘
traccption. it is not acceptable.

Hoffman also discussed bodily contact
prior to marriage. He disagreed with the
statement that there is nothing sexual
about a tnale and fetnale holding hands. in
his opinion. he said. “Holding hands is
supposed to be sexual.” and. it should be
treated as such.

Speaking on homosexuality. Hoffman
said. “The Bible categorically forbids it."
He asserted. “it‘s not easy, but you can
change." in his capacity as a psychiatrist.
Hoffman said he counsels people in

 

     
    
   
  
   
  
 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

diverse areas and in regard to people who
accept homosexuality as being normal. for

 

 

themselves. “I feel bad. and i want to help

S p‘e a ke r on foo v or   S  
beh in d 'J e‘wii‘s’h sexual ‘

 

     
   

 

 

 

t » .
MARIA CULLINA ' 8

Mat Hoffman "
“Cindy Lauper is a pervert. "

them. bttt T.N. (Tough Noogies)." He
stated that a person‘s acceptance of it. as
beihg natural. is the hardest obstacle in his
path.

The Flame, who sponsored the event,
offers as counseling program. Hoffman
said attd added that a learning program is
also available. The learning program. he
said, involves a teachittg of the Bible.

When the lecture came to an end Hoff-
man sat down. folded his hands. and said,
“if there's anything we can do, Jewishly.
just let us know."

The Flame will also be sponsoring three

 

other programs in April. On Thursday.

April 25. they will show the film “The
Chosen“ by Chaim Potok; on Saturday.
April 27. “A Night in the Country," will
be shown and on Sunday, April 28
"Meditate" will be presented ' III] S

University Cinemas

 

“ ‘The Blues Brothers’ is a Scream...

One of the all-time great comedies... a flat-out winneri'
(‘wm- Stsltrl. L'httago Tnhunr

“Don't miss the .
‘Blues' brother...

a miracle of sound. .nlton and high
spirits you cannot afford in mm. An
extraordinary mmtcf‘

Arthtr thslcn. New \urlt I'mt

   
 
   

JOHN BELUSHI DAN AYKROYD
THE BLUES BROTHERS

amt-Au
A l, NIVIR‘AL PM. VL'RL
n: tn

man—Armin.- int—nut-

 

 

 

 

_‘  Slows  
7733!? {it ,l]@a@@

SA Funded

 

Present
6i Mission From God..-

w l

18

 

Thurs.
April

25...

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 removed 
from presidency

By Beth Flnneran

SDUFWRHER ~ ’ . ,

v Albany State Young College Democrats is being revitalized after
impeaching former President Andrew Gclbman Thursday for fail-
ing to “carry out the aims of the Young Democrats." said member
John Attanasio.

' Commenting on the impeachment. Attanasio said it was
“necessary becausehe's really done nothing for the organization
since elections."

“He called no meetings, did not keep members informed. (per-
formed) actions which the organization would not have sanctioned
and did not consult the organization on whether he could invoke
the club‘s name in support of ST.A.F.F. (Students Against Forced
Funding).f‘ he claimed.

Joel Rothman. another member. said. “We’re doing this
because the man didn't do his job . . . we suffered because of that
and the Democratic Party suffered because of that." He added. “I
am disappointed that it had to happen. but l feel now the Young
Democrats will be able to work more effectively as a group."

Gelbman speciﬁcly violated Articles Two and Four of the Young
Democrats Constitution. Attanasio said.

He also emphasized Gclbman's dismantling of the group during
an important Presidential Campaign. “in mid-October he decided
we were going to dissolve the organization and after the election we
would unite the ‘group and work on projects." Attanasio said.
Gelbman did not do that," he added. .

According to Rothman numerous attempts were made to contact
Gelbman and messages were left to inform him of the meeting.
“Obviously. Andy Gelbman is not very concerned about his im-
peachment. because he didn’t even attend the meeting." said
member Tom Gaveglia. .

Andrew Gelbman was not able to be reached for comment.

The Young Democrats are now revising their constitution and
are planning future events such as a “Meet the Mayor Day" and
fundraisers for local candidates.

According to Rothman. the new organization has been in touch
with local Democratic organizations and has received a pledge of
funding for events.

Referring to the "planned constitutional revisions, member Kate
Nuding said. “The situation we had to deal with this year was un-
forseen when the original constitution was written. Any future con-
ﬂicts ill be handled much. more smoothly." she said.

Attanasio said. “We’re getting the organization revitalized and
we have the potential to do great stuff." He added that.
“everybody here is dedicated to making Young Democrats
noticed."

“The group that brought about the impeachment is truly
dedicated to Young Democrats and we would like to make up for
this year.” Rothman said. “Andy is welcome to participate in all
the activities of the Young Democrats and in doing so we hope that
Andy will choose to be a positive rather than ti negative force." he
added.

“i think this action will help revive interest and participation,"

El

Nuding said.

“The city should strictly

enforce it’s housing code,
including the anti-grouper
law. . .

’9

 

 

 

Report advocates Grouper Law

By Pam Sohusterman
smrr mum

A committee of Albany community leaders has
concluded that strict enforcement of the grouper
law will help preserve neighborhood property
values and revitalize the city’s housing stock.

The report. issued by the Mayor's Strategic Plan-
ning Committee, attempts to assess what Albany
can do to promote business and residential growth
within city boundaries.

The current overcrowded situation. according to
Todd Swanstrom staff director of the Strategic
Planning Committee Task Force is extremely unfair
to moderate income families. “A family just star-
ting can not compete with ﬁve students each paying
a separate rent," he said.

Swanstrom also explained that an overwhelming
majority of student tenants creates an imbalance in
the community. "Students just have a different way
of life than families just starting out."

institutions of higher education in Albany must
provide more housing or cut enrollments. the com-
mittee decided, but Swanstrom said the finding was
designed in large part to force college ofﬁcials into
action.

The recommendation takes into consideration
the people of neighboring Albany communities. it
stated that “the institutions of higher education in
Albany should provide‘adequate student housing.
The city should strictly en force its housing code. in~
cluding the anti-grouper law and enter into a part-
nership with local colleges and universities to build
more student housing in Albany."

According to Swanstrom the recommendation is

I a direct result of the heavy student influx into

neighboring communities. He said. “The number

of students moving off has gone up drastically and
the unitiersity has not provided sufﬁcient housing."

President Vincent O’Lcary agreed that the pro-
blem being addressed is inusfﬁcient student hous-

~ing. “I agree there is a problem with housing. that is

why we have worked so hard to get more on campus
housing." he said.

' O'Lcary explained that within two years garden
apartments will be built on campus that will provide
housing for an additional four hundred students.

However. O'Lcary said, “Providing additional
on campus housing is only part of the answer to the
problem. we still have many students who will move
off just because they want to." He explained that
even now many more students move off campus
than really have to.

O'Lcary explained that he personally did not
agree to everything suggested in the recommenda-
tion but he feels that people of Albany will be “sen-
sitive" to the law.

‘ “if students are good neighbors and there is not
terrible overloading I think the people will be sen-
sitive to this.” he said.

No speciﬁc plans have been made as of yet. ac-
cording to Swanstrom, there is still a series of
discussions to be held on actual plans. he said.

However. the grouper law that will go into effect
for the fall semester Is part of the plan attempting to
put pressure on SUNY and the legislature to build

_more housing. Swanstrom explained.

' “Students will have a difﬁcult time with housing
and this will presumably put more pressure on the

university." he said.
Swanstrom also explained that students are a
valuable part of the Albany communities and
7b

 

 

 

 

 

One test where only
you know the score.

(Check One)
 Yes No
. . Do you want to be the

only one who knows
when you use an early ’
pregnancy test?

 
 

Would you prefer a test
that's totally private to
perform and totally
private to read?

' WWould you like ti test
- that's portable. so you
can carry it with on and

read it In private

And howvnbout a simple.
one-atop test with a dra-
matic color change that's

easy to read and Is 98
accurate?

 

      
 

It you checked "Yes" to
the above. 891‘ PLUS is for
1 you. Use It, and only you
 ..... .. will know your test score.

< iiOSmmunCu

 

 

 

ORANGE MOTORS
Has a special 81'“ forupcommg graduates

. 'APPROVED
CREDIT“ FROM

  
 
  
  
 

Whit-kl Included
in the Han.

\hu "ia't'llllf I
new If.“ italeritird.
till) Thaw. mum“.
Eta-mt. tin-urn llm light
Ina-Io up luff-1‘0.
'Pn-Mprvmt Credit. _
hat tum-I llvn- Murph-
t‘ltkillitlb‘ . i
- \iut tutu hm milubtc rmpiw- ' \
"If!" that begin: wilhin lzﬂ days at your
vehicle Mime I I mutt-tent III \‘thI
awry "th and you “hide puma
0 ml pvt-tit that you haw Mutant or will mime
I'll be worth) it but I mink-ti ill”;- wtthtn lL'Uutllyl

 

CALL DENNIS J. HURLY JR
ORANGE MOTOR COMPANY INC
799 CENTRAL AVENUE ALBANY, NEW YORK

489-5414

   

- » - that credit mom. it
you have one. must ttidt~
utt- pawn-m made n
W

"H00 Nichole
Allowance.
Make you: but deal. .uu the

“(liar I dim neat or - l -
“(XI check directly tnde mum at:

 
     
 

 

Tout All am]
,‘MW...C,.__,._. Cloud .' .
(ﬁlm... in. ’

pg-.. .

 

 

 

 

 

 

