 

 

 

student decided to team up with his roommate,

 

Da wson, Arlton with am (and their pet cat Stinky): N0 lucky breaksfar the players

The Thinker’s War Game

l’ingl. . .Japanese sonar detects your submarine. Blipl. . . Your
sweaty ﬁngers manage to ﬁre the torpedoes. Blaml . . . The enemy
destroyer Nagoyo Maru is blasted to bits. Clickl. . . You punch the
escape key. and . . . whew! . . . another nerve-racking session of
Gato comes to an end.

lfyou‘ve grown addicted to Gate, the simulated warfare that has
become one of the hottest-selling computer games iii the country,
blame it on two seniors at the University of Colorado. Two years
ago, when his brother got a computer, Paul Arlton was disappoint-
ed by the available game software. The aeronautics-engineering

computer-science major Ed Dawson, to see ifthey
couldn‘t do better. Arlton, a World War It buff,
called on his knowledge ofhistory and engineering
to simulate real battles. Then Arlton provided the
"dynamics," or movement, and Dawson the ﬁle
structure for the programming that allows tltc

enemy to "think" rather than move randomly.
After 2,000 hours of tinkering, they came up
with Gato, named after a class of World War II
submarine. Unlike routine shoot-‘em-up games,
Gato was designed ttot to give lucky breaks. To
succeed at increasing levels of difﬁculty, players
must consider such factors as the fuel consumed
and the time it takes to launch a torpedo. Even
their teachers give Arlton and Dawson high
marks for Gato: competing games, says Colorado
aerospace-engineering Prof. Robert Culp, are “al—
most primitive" in comparison. Gato also capti-
_ vatcd Spectrum HoloByte, a Boulder computer-
! graphics company, which bought the rights in
§ September 1983 and has sold 15,000copies world-
~ <' wide; the publisher expects to sell 100,000 copies
I ~ 5 this year. Arlton and Dawson receive royalties of

T 15 percent.

Soon, though, the partners may split up. Arl-
ton, 23, who has maintained both a part-time programmingjob and
a 3.8 GPA. is aiming for Stanford‘s business school next fall—even
though he has already scored a success that might make any
businessman proud. “lfyou stopped every time you did something
right, you‘d never get anywhere.“ he says. Dawson, 22, is hoping to
devote himselfto Poseidon Systems, lnc.. the laser-disc-technology
firm he founded last summer—that is, ifhe graduates this summer.
"Good grades and programmingjust don‘t go together," he says
ruefully. Both partners still share one Gato—related goal, however.
As humiliating as it may sound. neither inventor can yet play the
game at better than beginner‘s level. “We‘ve created a monster,“
says Dawson.

 

(1) Insert $1, (2) Change Major

This probably isn't what they had in mind at the Neeley Vending Co.:
the University of Texas has installed a Neeley sandwich-vending
machine to dispense course catalogs. “11 was chosen for its relatively
roomy shelves,“ says registrar Albert Meerzo, pointing proudly at the
shelfwhere the thick graduate-school catalog sits. “That‘s usually where
they put the large platters. The smaller rows can accommodate

submarines."

There is. actually, a reason for this: the school wanted to make
catalogs available at a location other titan the crowded registrar's oﬂice.
Since it was installed in September in the Texas Tower, the machine ltas
been a big success. It sells about 20 catalogs a night for $1 apiece (the
grad-school epic costs $2). “We usually sell all the popular ones first,“
says Meerzo. “You know, the graduate school. business administration,
law.“ The only problem: students often run the built-in dollar changer
out of money when they‘re scoring quarters for the washing machine.

Undaunted, the university plans to install another catalog vendor in its

new visitors‘ center.

UT catalog vcmlr: Hold the mayo—aid te sandwich 7

STEVEN PUMPHREV

 

 

 

 

 

How to Learn
Opera as a Pro

Most aspiring actors, dancers
and other performers face a
grueling postgraduate grind. If
they‘re lucky, they wait on tables
while striving fora breakthrough;
if they're unlucky, they wait on
ttttcmploytnent lines. Thanks to
the University of Houston and
the Houston Grand Opera, how-
ever, at least one group of artists
can skip the "starving" stage. The
Houston Opera Studio, now in its
eighth season. offers a nine-
month, $1 1,000 stipend that's re-
newablc for three years. Students
appear in major roles with the
company while studying voice,
drama and foreign languages at
the university. uttd they usually
go on to even better things: 41 of
43 “grads” are now regularly cm-
ploycd professionals. In the com-
petitive opera world. that makes
admission to HOS a "top prior-

 

ity,“ says 23-year-old applicant
Celeste Emmons. So far this year
630 men and women have audi-
tioned for five openings.
The studio, which is open to
singers, composers, librettists,
coach/accompanists. stage direc-
tors and choreographers, is the
brainchild of music Prof. Carlisle
Floyd, a composer. and David
Gockley, general director of the
Houston company. Their goal is
both to challenge and reward the
students, most of whom lntvc
already ﬁnished collcge. “We
agreed early on.“ explains Floyd,
“that no singer, for instance,
would sing in the opera chorus."
This policy helped allow lyric col—
orutura Eric Mills to takeover at
the last minute the mic of Sophie
in a Houston Grand Opera pro-
duction of “Der Roscnkavalicr.“
d “She made it sensation,“ says
EGockley of Mills, who has since
" debuted at La Scala nttd the New
York City Opera. “It benefited
her tremendously."

 

RUSS BERRY

I” :
Fitzgerald: Dorm-room delights

Quick, Cheap, Convenient—And Yummy

For those who are fed up with dining-hall
diets, Duke senior Mollie Fitzgerald has
dished out some fresh alternatives. They‘re in
her delightfully thorough “On Campus Cook-
book" (Workman, $4.95). a culinary guide
that's geared to the student‘s limited time,
space and budget. Concocted for the “non-
kitchen" chef, the book requires little more
than the basic hot pot, toaster oven and blend-
er that are often permitted in dorm rooms—
plus a dollop ofinventiveness. Using the kind
of aluminum-foil pans that might be saved
from a frozen-brownie binge (and only 10
other utensils), students are encouraged to
produce such goodies as lemon-broiled chick-
en (bastcd with a lemon/butter/Worcester-
shire/honey sauce) for dinner or creamy taco
dip for snacks. Fitzgerald also offers some tips
on campus entertaining (bake eggs in tinfoil

cups for a prefootball brunch), attd she urges
men as well as women to take wooden spoon
in hand. “It‘s not just a cookbook," says the
22-year-old anthropology major. “it’s a life-
style book."

Fitzgerald discovered her own taste for
cooking as a child, and she often served as
fantin cook because both her parents hadjobs.
Asa freshman, she gaitted celebrity with “Ca-
ble Cooking," a weekly TV show that was shot
in her dorm room. She also runs a catering
business each summer and has studied with
such hautc cuisine chefs as Marcella Hazan.
the noted expert on Italian food. Fitzgerald‘s
campus cuisine is hardly intended to be
matched against the four-star variety—lots of
canned soups and other convenience foods are
involved—but slurping gazpacho by candle-
light in 308 North never sounded so good.

 

 

 

Brief Encounters

When the campus starts to close in
around you, consider some new horizons.
The National Student Exchange program
can arrange for temporary transfers—a se-
mester or u year—to any of 75 schools
ranging from the College ofthe Virgin Is-
lands to the University of Minnesota. The
result for many students. says NSE execu-
tive director Bette Worley, is “a new sense
ofindependcnce and self-conﬁdence." They
need a 2.5 GPA and must take courses that
are transferable to their own institutions.
Because most members are state schools
and will waive nonresident fees, tlterc is

often no cxtratuition. Predictably. the most
popularsites offer sun and sea: the Universi-
ty ofl-lawaii at Mutton gets four titncs more
applications than it can handle. (Bette Wor-
ley. Indiana University-Purdue University
at Ft. Wayne. 2101 Coliseum Boulevard

East. Ft. Wayne, 1nd. 46508,)

mun

L305:

AforAmsterdam

If grade points soar this year at
Southern College in Collegedalc.
Tenn., the liftolf may be due to
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines. In an
offshoot of airlines' frcquenl-liier
programs. KLM has agreed to give
students travcl credits for passing
marks, ranging from $8 per semes-
ter ltour of A to $5 per hour of C.
The novel program was dcvisctl by a
KLM consultant whose daughter
attends the Seventh-day Advcntist
school. and otlicials hope it can help
boost a declining enrollment. Ac-
cording to Donald Chase. a junior
accounting major, travel credits are
“a real incentive to study hard."
Even top scholars won‘t win a free
ride, however; they'll still have to
get to tltc ncut'cst airport—two
hours away in Atlanta—to cash in.

 

 

 

lh

NiiWSWIiliK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH llitlS

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/MARCH 19115

17

 

 

