 

 

2a Aspects on Tuesday'

 

went to a Halloween party dressed

as scrooge. He apparently held on
to the costume as well as the spirit of the
character, at least in the minds of the major
movie studios. Except for the incredible
box office performance of Paramount's
Beverly. Hills Cop, no studio can claim
they've had a blockbuster, much less a big
hit.

S omebody told me that Santa Claus

 

Ian Spelling

 

In general, most of the Christmas
releases failed to live up to the most conser‘
vative expectations. Supt-ﬂirt died a quick
death. Falling in Love endeared itself to no
one. Tom Selleck's interesting Runaway is
considered the only certifiable flop. City
Heat continues to pull in money, but when
a film stars both Birrt and Clint you tend to
expect more. Dunc- and The Cotton Club
are both doing okay in the box office, but
-with budgets of 50 million dollars each
they needed to do better.

City Heat - Clint Eastwood and Burt
Reynolds trapse around an imitation 30's
set for no apparent reason. Watch Burt
make a total fool of himself (again). He
wears a wolf suit here (did anyone see the
chicken suit in Stroker Ace?) and looks
quite foolish. See Clint upstage Burt at
every turn. City Heat is boring - with a
capital "B" for Burt. ‘

Blake Edwards was scheduled to direct
this "movie" (sic), but smartly quit when
things didn't go as planned. He even left a
token of appreciation in his screenplay
credit. It reads Sam 0. Brown, S.O.l3.
That's short for Standard Operating
Bullshit, folks. And that's what this film is.

Normally, I would end this review here.
But i wish to make a point with City Heat.
I don’t mind violence in a movie. If the film
or situation within calls for it, then fine.
But any film which earns its largest laugh
by blowing four people to shreds with a
car bomb jut doesn't cut it. City Heat is
junk. Avoid it at all costs unless you're a
die hard Clint Eastwood fan.

Micki and Maude - This film really
works far better as drama with bright com-
ic moments than as the advertised
screwball comedy. If you are expecting an
all-out comedy it is indeed a major let-

down. Moore is at his best as a journalist '

married to a career woman (Ann Reinking)
too busy to have children. A passionate
and desperate Moore meets a pretty.
young bassist (Amy Irving) and proceeds to
fall genuinely in love with her. Suffice to
say both women find themselves pregnant.
Many people may question the ending,
and rightly so. As the picture ran its course
I tried to envision the ending. When the
credits finally began to roll I realized there
was no other way to resolve what had pro-
'eeded. You may get something out of this
film. but be warned - half way through you
may wonder when, not how. it is going to

end.

1984 v Michael Radford’s powerfully visual
interpretation of George Orewell’s book
makes for very somber movie going. His

 

stark, terrifying vision of the recent past, as
opposed to the near future when shot, is
epitomized by the late Richard Burton.
'_’That" voice tortures Winston Smith
(John Hart). "Those" eyes pierce Smith's
soul. Burton defines eloquent, elegant evil.
Three crucial scenes featuring Burton pro-

'vide the most frightening moments. The

first scene shows Smith on the torture rack
with Burton at the controls of a voltage
meter dial. Burton's love for big brother
destroys Winston meentally and physical-
ly. Two plus.two equals five, but only

- because Big Brother says so.
hi the second scene Hurt stands wrety

chedly before a mirror. Burton taunts him.
Burton snaps out one of Hurt's front teeth
and the audience cringes. The point hits
home. Burton's final viscious act takes
place in infamous Room 101. Here your
worst fears become reality. The sequence is
exquisitely photographed. While Burton
matter-of—factly explains that the rats Hurt
fears will bore through his face, the camera
moves in on Hurt's face. Cut to Burton.
back to Hurt’s glassy eyes, back to Burton.
and so forth. Hurt finally screams “Do it to
her," referring to his lover Julia, who he has
envisioned behind Burton. Two plus two is
five, not because Big Brother says so, but
because it is.

Burton lurks everywhere though scarce-
ly on screen for more than half an hour. He
was an actor's actor to the end despite the
hoopla surrounding his persona. John Hurt
fits the part of Winston almost too well. He
looks like a skeleton of a man. Suzanna
Hamilton plays Julia with just the right
amount of hope and pathos. Her best
moments are during the nightmare-dream
sequences. She is quite effective.

I934 is a depressing movie. It is not for
the Ghostbusters crowd to say the least.
The spectres here don’t eat hot dogs or
“slime” people."l.',hey are invisible. They
nibble on and their consume souls. Radford
apparently‘ 'offers a glimmer of hope
Orwell didn‘t. Then again, nothing is as it

seems. . .
Beverly Hills Cop - Eddie Murphy

returns with a vengeance. If you like Eddie
Murphy you'll love this fucking movie.
Never mind that none of it could ever hap-
pen. If you don't believe me, wait until
you've seen the chase at the beginning.
More cars get destroyed by one truck than
by the woman who hit my car a couple of
years ago.

By the way, Eddie curses a lot. He
manages to curse more than Al Pacino in
Scarface. And that's hard. I repeat - this is
Eddie's "fuckin" movie. If you like Eddie
you'll love this fucking movie.

Amadeus - The latest effort by Milos
Forman proves to be an unusual ex-
perience, by turns brilliant or silly. Part of
the silliness arrives in the tom of Tom
Hulce as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Mozart was a womanizer who behaved im-
maturer on his way to the top. Forman ap
parently told Hulce to let it all hang out,
and Hulce followed orders. '

Amadeus is a labor of love on Forman's

part. No expense has been spared in

 

   
 

rr

  

 

 
  

’Fab films’

’ Avoid the Christmas]

     

 

 

 

I 1 February 5. 'i985;

 

recreating costumes, sets. and the general
aura of Mozart’s day. But Amadeus misses
the mark. I can't call it engaging, or funny
or sad; None of the usual critics’ ter~
minology fits this film. For me something
ws definitely missing. Unfortunately l can't
place a finger on it. If you gamble, throw
the dice. The stunningly pOWerfuI perfor‘
mance by F. Murray Abraham is reason
enough to see this film.
Flamingo Kid- Forget Matt the Mumbler
Uary Marshall's (Young doctor's in Love)
new film introducing a new Matt Dillon.
He can walk, talk, act, and perform com-
edy. That his most accessible performance
comes in one of the sweetest, funniest, and
most charming films in recent memory is a
- huge bonus.

Janet Jones plays Barbie to Dillon's Ken.

Flamingo Kid should be’ the first step-.in a '-
long career if this beautiful andtalented

young woman plays her cards‘right. The
film spins around Dillon's futile efforts to.‘
grow up in the“ pre-turbulent 60’s. The
somber scenes with Dillon and his father, ’

played with Oscar calibre” brilliance byi '

Hector Elizonclo contrast completely with

the light-hearteddone of'the ELFIamingoT

beach club sequences. I i - .;" "=
Richard Crenna' plays the villain with the

necessary touch of class.-You loirehim un- '

til you're forced to hate him. Only Jessica
Walter, as Crenna’s bored an boring wife.
appe'ars out of place. She doesn't smile
once, and in a bright, sunny movie like the
Flamingo Kid .1 grinch who steals summer
can be lived..without. -. v

row out ,every preconception you
might have about Flamingo Kid. It’s great.
You don't want to miss it. Besides, when all
the other pictures run out of box’office
steam, Flamingo Kid will still be going
strong. . . ‘

2010 - Try 2010 for nothing more than
its sincere performances and the obvious
but meaningful message of hope at the
conclusion.

Roy Scheider, Helen Mirren, Bob
Balaban, and John Lithgow deliver more
than up to snuff acting. Hal is back. And so
is David Bowman (Keith Dullea) for a brief
cameo. The special effects are marvelous as
well.

.2010 is a good film, but by no means
great. You've seen it all before. What the
sequel does have going for it is an indepen-
dance from the first film. This is a Peter
Hyams film not .1 Stanley Rubrlck film, for
better of for worse. 2010 also claims the
right to say it is a positive film. Dirctnr
l'lyam says "Hey people, the future ain't as
bad as you think it is." Not many lihns
about the future can call themselves
hopeful. So ignore the tart that the pro-
blems facing us 35 years into the future are
nearly lili‘iilltdl to today‘s. Sit lhlt k, relax,
and enjoy the obvious.

lit/Hilly lhrngvmusly - Sprinting evr'ry
gangster lilrn ever made isn'l .r bad idea,
but it doesn’t quite tilitt'l'L'tl lll'i't' Michael ,

 

      

 

uh 

Keaton is largely at fault because he can’t
keep the charm up and the tongue in cheek
for two hours. 7

Maureen Stapleton and Marilu Hen er
work wonders in their respective roles of
Keaton‘s girlfriend and Mom. Director
Amy Heckerling left no stone unturned as
far as satire is concerned. Remember the
sex education films your health teacher us-
ed to make you watch"! Well, you'll get a
laugh out of the short film, "You and Your
Testicles," Keaton shows his baby brother.

johnny Dangerously is a cute soporific
diversion loaded with small cameo ap-
pearances. Among them are Danny
Devito, Alan Hale (the skipper on
Gilligan's Island), and Dom Del.uise as the.

Pope, Joe Piscopo fans beware; he’s got,  ..‘

nothing toldo, and doealess: Notv recom-

,merfrded to. anyone who doesn't~ include

'Michaei Keaton in their nightly prayers.
Starman - Picture in your mind made“

i version of Spielberg's ET. and wha_t you. ‘

see" should pretty much look like John
carpenter's Starman. '

Starman‘ should be seen forgi‘ithe

marvelous performances of Jeff: Bridges as

the alien and Karen Allen-as the woman .

who takes him in. They play-off each other

I as if'they've been screen partners for years.

There is a solid chemistry here.

One particular scene epitomizes the en-
tire film. In it, Bridges fails to comprehend
why humans kill harmless, defenseless

scleer. When he sees one strung upto the

back of a car he brings it back to life. Allen

. realizes he is as helpless as the deer and

abandons her plans to leave him stranded.

Don’t miss Starman. It's a thoroughly en;
joyable film with two certifiable new stars,
subtle comedy and an odd twist on the
love story angle.

Dune - Without a doubt this is the worst
piece of trash to hit the screen in years.
Never before have i been completely lost
no more than five minutes Into a picture.

Heralded as a 50 million dollar plus
science-fiction experience. Dune is an ex-
perience all right. The special effects are so
take and amateuristh edited thaHhe au-
dience unintentionally laughs at the actors
insane responses to objects obviously not
visible when they went through the mo-
tions. By the way, the acting is worse than
the special effects.

Dune also achieved a new low in my
book. Never had I fallen asleep during a
movie, not until Dune, that is. Sting’s much
publicized (over-publicized) appearance is
nothing more than a six-minute cameo.
The Police frontman screams "i shall kill
him" over and liver. Had be gone through
with the threat the picture could have end-
ed nu-rcifully earlier. No such luck. Avoid
Dune at awry cost.

So there you have it It someone came
up to me and said "l see three movies a
year, what should I we?" I'd have to recorn~
rnenrl The Hamingn Kill, the Cotton Club.
and .‘itarman. Then again, it‘s up to you! If]

 

 

 

February‘s, 'i 

American-"Guitar ,

.. - by Jim. Uttem'arlc

'l’art‘two'ot a three-part review of (984 music. Coming on FridayL'Jazz and Urban

Contemporary.

h, reminiscing, reminiscing. . It Seems to be the thing to do at this time of year. .

. When I look back at the year 1984, i tend to think about those things which affected
me the most. Since 1984' saw my debut as a WCDB disc jockey, music was a big

Reviewing the best American'bands‘ of
1984 revealed some salientfeaturesffl’he
first of these is‘that the Americans are back
on top of the progressive music Vscene."l
remember a few years back, everyone was
saying how'terrible» American music was.
Perhaps that was true, but the pendulum
has definitely swung back. ‘ ‘ '

Another item that caught my eye was
that the best of‘the American guitar music.
had become regionaiized in 1984. Some
great music came "from 'all parts ' of
America, but the truly ; excellent bands
seemed to grow out of three distinct areas.

The first and perhaps best of these
regions was. Los Angeles. Already known
as the home of the Paisley Underground,
LA. guitar bands grew beyond that genre
and some bands actually have gained con-
siderable prominence. The most important
of these were the Bangles. These four
ladies are destined for the big time. Their~
first EP on Faulty Records 'in 1983
established , them on the college radio
scene. The summer of 1984 saw the, release
of their first full-length album on CBS, All
Over the Place. It was immediately picked
up by college stations, and by the autumn
they were even getting substantial com-
merical airplay. The Bangles have a raw.
powerful guitar sound backed by vocals
which range from beautiful harmonics on
"James" and "Going Down to Liverpool". to

part of my life, and in particular; the American ‘ guitar bands so near and dear to my heart.
_- \ , _

a harsher sound-on "HerovT'akes‘a Fall,”l r

their first hit single. The Bangles toured
this fall with Cyndi Lauper. which. com-
bined with their videos on” MTV, have
served to increase their exposure to the

general populace. Reaction across‘ the»~

country, including album sales, have been
favorableJlThevrfuture for L.A.'s Bangles
should bring nothing but success. ;
While the Bangles were the best L'A.
based band ofJ984, there Were a number
of equally excellent runners-up. Next on

my list would be the Grammy Award Win; 1
ning Los- Lobos. The variety» of style: they» ‘
exhibit on their Slash album How Will the "

Wolf Survive puts them as a major band to

watch in the future. Ranging from! hard--

driving guitarrock to rockabilly to 1940’s

swing music,‘ these boys from East LA. _

have made it big at WCDB and hopefully
elsewhere as well. . *
It‘s hard to limit my list-of L.A. bands;-
but with two other areas to cover i'll have
to cut it short. Before I do, though,rl have
to mention some other bands who gained
prominence at WCDB in 1984. These-in-
clude the Rain Parade and True West (ao-
tually from Sacramento). Both have grown

out of the California garage scene. With’ an .

exquisitely unrefined guitar sound, True
West's 1984 album Drifters became quite
popular this past fall. Over the summer,
the Rain Parade’s dreamy-sounding EP, Ex-
plosions in the Glass Palace, established
them firmly as the kings of the Paisley
Underground. Both of these bands played
to packed houses at 288 Lark St. last
November. '

So much for LA. The next region to be
covered is Athens, Georgia. in the past few
years, this unlikely town has gained a pro-
minent position on the national music
scene. NM saw the release of REM's se-
wnd album Reckoning. it became an im-
mediate and durable lril. One song after
rilrulher gained popularity through the spr-
mg, summer and autumn of 1984. These
include "South Ce'ntr'al“ Rain," "Seven
('him-se Brothers." and "Don‘t Go Back to
tturkviile." just to name the major ones.
Reckoning was an unbelievably good
InIluw-up to their critically acclaimed l9!”

 

 

  

 

. x  p is. ,
album;Merur, and inthe years to come
REM will take a premier spot on the
American music forum. ‘, ‘-
Also from Athens comes Let's Active,
headed up by Mitch Easter, REM's'master-
mind producer. Let's Active actually had
two hits in 1984. First was their carry-over
EP from 1983 entitled Alcot. The autumn
of 1984 brought their first album Cypress.
Both works received enormous airplay at
WCDB and helped bring Athens to the
forefront of the music world: Mitch
Easter's influence also extended to a
number of other Georgia bands which
debuted at WCDB in 1984. Amongst these
are Oh-OK and Buzz ot Delight. Look for
Athens to produce even more outstanding
guitar music in 1985.
The last of my balkanizcd music regions
is that bastion of progressive guitar bands,
. Boston. In 1984, Boston gave us albums by
the Del Fuegos, Salem do, and the Lyres, as
well as two fantastic compilation albums
from Throbbing Lobster Records. All five
of these elicited excellent response from
both the WCDB disc jockeys and our
listeners. The raw, harsh guitar music of
the Del Fuegns graced the Capital District
in late November when they jwrlornred a
great local show. Their unnbination nt
harrlrncking covers and refreshingly
original material L'erlainly left a favorable
impression in nry Itiilul. Hopefully, we'll
all bc hearing more from the Del Fungus
very soon, WCDB also brought tinlem on
and [he tyres in the leading edgi- of our
Ifnrrnat over this past summer. Currently.
WCDB is airing a beautiful sounding new

A Vintage viny 

 
 

 

 

Aspects on Tuesday 3a

 

 

-  ' i to "Coast
I European Rock ’-

by Paul Rosenthal

music has a form and impact so much different from here. Europe and most impor-

a cross the wide ocean, not the widest mind you, but the Atlantic, lies a land where

tantly the UK. have given us bands which have been hugh successes in their own
nations but almost unheard of here. Discounting the heavy metal, the only market for
such groups is college radio and dance clubs. Oh, I must include that once a week spot on

MTV at 4:30

.

AM' I.

  

single by Salem 66 entitled "Across the
Sea." In addition, in the near future the
Lyres will be appearing in the area. so stay
tuned... ‘

While this covers the three major music
regions of 1984, two others deserve an

r honorable mention. One. asmany of you

might have guessed. is New York City.
The City gave us both the Gun Club‘s
album, Las Vegas Story, and the Cheep»
skates' Run Better Run. On a personal
level, the Cheepskates were probably my
favorite band of I984. I discovered their
single "Run Better Run" over the summer.
and watched as others, both DJ’s and
listeners alike, picked up on them.
The-one last region deserving mention is
the unassuming town of Minneapolis, Min-

vnesota. Two bands to watch for from this

town, the Replacements and Husker Du,
gave us excellent works in 1984. Both
groups have begun to establish a nation-
wide base of up and coming guitar bands.
The Replacements, with their innovative
second album, Let It Be. and Husker Du's
double album, Zen Arrarli', gained con.
siderablc popularity in the Albany area.
Well, that about wraps up my review of
the best American guitar bands of Writ I
hope everyone enjoyed these banrh as
rnurh as I have. Whether you label it
American guitar», garage rork, «u neo-
psychedi-lea, il in .r genre which is rlelinilrh
ly on the rise, both here and abroad.
Reviewing the past is essential to looking
toward the future, It is in this vein that I
have written this, so I'll see you on the air-
war/09..., l

     
   

 

Luckily some of these bands succeeded
commercially in '84, not just in airplay but
in sales as well. The most successful of
these must be the Thompson Twins with
their album Into the Gap. The first single,
"Hold Me Now" released in. December
1983, was an instant hit on WCDB and by
the time Albany thawed out, "Hold Me
Now" was a national success. With an un-
precedented twelve (maybe) weeks on
Solid Gold the band released more singles
as the album made the top ten in the USA.

Another major success was Ireland’s U2.
The beginning of 1984 saw Under a Blood

 . Red Sky. their live album, and in late
'August they released The Unforgettable

Fire. The single, "In the Name of Love",
was an instant play on many stations. I
can‘t remember ever being able to turn my
radio dial and hearing the same U2 song on
Wi’YX, WFLY. and WGFM.

And how can I forget Wham. Their new
album tells it all. Make it Big prompted
success with "Wake Me Up Before You Go
Go" and currently "Careless Whisper".

My choice for most smashing success of
1984 goes to Frankie Goes to Hollywood

,With European.success unseen since The

Beatles swept Europe over twenty years.
ago, Frankie has Just been clinging to
moderate US commercial success. Ah, but

r the dancers and dance clubs love 'em. Not

to mention the boutiques with Frankie T-
shirts, underwear, hair gel, and nipple
rings.

So much for commercial success in 1984.
What about the bands that blew away
.WCDB and my ears last year'l

Depeche Mode released two albums in
'84. The first was all previously released
material except the single and album title.
People are People. It's a pretty amazing

-- album compiling their best music from the

eighteen months prior to its release. The
beginning of November saw the US release
of their best album to date, Some Great
Reward. This band is synlhesizers at their
finest, giving a dance beat to many of their
songs yet becoming laid back electronical-
ly. on a few. If you like Depeche Mode this
album is for you; if you don't know them,
this is for you, too.

Probably the biggest hit on 91FM last
year was Echo and the Bunnymen, and
that's not just in the European department
either. The 7 inch single "The Killing
Moon" was released at the time "Never
Stop" was gaining popularity in February.
They played a fantastic show in Schenec-
tady at the end of March with WCDB and
Union College, and in May appeared pro-
bably WCDB's album of the year Ocean
Rain. Continuing their Doors influence,
Echo topped the WCDB charts for months.
'Nuff said.

The Smiths had three success singles and
one album and their latesl,"llnw Soon is
Now?" is currently rewiring heavy
.rirplay.. Meanwhile, Scritlr I’rrhlii has had
three hit singles on “if-M. Wood Beer",
"Almolute", and "l'Iypmrtm- have been
three of the top dance songs oi the year.
ih.rt's preely good when \‘uu mnsider
they only released three sung». this year,

let us not forget The \ im' with their
uncle "I‘ln- Love Cats" pi: wl on their
rll'tllli [alianvsu lvlilsltt‘lh . . hurling: .r Inl

 

.ri Inihli' lrom It’tU's lEI‘ iii. 1' m In My
..rnu- The Top, a more «\l- ri‘ urn but
nunh more tll\'t'l‘i|' mnluw ‘- j‘rnvr‘l'lul
r',II|Irli' work by Robert Snub.

(.r-ru'ral l’ulrlir's new .iimn .-\II the
I.'..,.;.- contains some irl llu 1. i music of
WWI. General l’illilli' is t't‘ltll w ml ail Dave

r'ONlra «tr r I‘. i'.\t.t-’ 1A

 

