 

 

 

 

 

Roda in UCLA ’3' dry pub: ‘Education and alcohol don ’t mix’

Ronny Ortiz, “The in
thing was to go to the
fraternity parties, get to-
tally wasted and have a
good time. I think it's
better now."

At Dartmouth, long
celebrated for its bibu-
lous winter carnival, stu-
dents may even have cre-
ated the campus pub of
the future. It’s Saturday
night at Eleazor‘s Dun-
geon, and the folk singer
has taken a break. Before
she leaves the stage, she
encourages the crowd
of 150 to “order more
drinks and have a good
time“—and so they do.
But the strawberry dai-
quiris have no rum, and
the cans that litter the
table tops hold soda
pop. Between sips ofthe

MICHAEL YADA

 

in the number of reported crimes in the
ﬁrst year after the school banned all public
drinking parties.

There are many examples of voluntary
action as well. The National lnterfraternity
Conference says that more than 150 cam-
puses now have “dry” rush—and indica-
tions are that Greeks are making a sincere
effort to change their “Animal House" im-
age. At Purdue, fraternities instituted a
Designated Driver Program last Novem-
ber. Local bars offer free soft drinks to any
student who acts as a chauffeur fora group
ofthree or more drinking buddies. Similar-
ly, during Alcohol Awareness Week in Oc-
tober, the University of Vermont run a
“Tipsy Taxi" to round up wobbly collegiuns
in Burlington. At Maryland, public safety
and entrepreneurial spirit have melded in
the form ofjunior economics major David
Ruttenberg. He's selling btts rides from Col-
lege Park—with its 21 limit—totlte District
of Columbia, where 18-year-olds cart buy
beer. “Drinking and driving are a bad com-
bination,“ says Ruttenberg, "but there‘s
nothing wrong with it good time."

ome experts believe that the new cott-

scicntionsness runs deeper than these

publicized ell‘orts. “We have seen a
tremendous change taking place in atti-
tudes toward alcohol,“ says Gerardo Gon-
zalez. president of BACCHUS (Boost
Alcohol Consciousness Concerning the
Health of University Students), a Universi-
ty of Florida-based organization devoted to
college alcohol education. “Students are
less accepting of drunkenness and tnuch
rrtore willing to get involved and talk to a
friend who tnuy have a drinking problem."
BACCI‘IUS boasts 200 campus chapters in
46 states. A lot of students say they even
welcome the new strictness, because it helps
them drink moderately. Sttys SMU junior

I2

 

strawberry concoction, Paul Hochman, a
21-year-old junior, says, “Beer is not the
central part of my life. “‘1 want to be with
some blithering idiots, I call ﬁnd them. But I
don‘t want that. I like coming here and

 

knowing no one is going to spill beer on me.
Look,“ he says, pointing around, “it's Sat-
urday night and people are having a good
time. It doesn‘t require booze."

But if Eleazor's points to the future, a
recent Friday-night dorm party at Wiscon-
sin may more accurately typify the present.
The 35 people who have crowded into a
small lounge in Witte Hall to dance to thun-
dering funk music couldn't care less about
alcohol policy. They‘re busy and, besides,
the rules probably won’t affect them too
much. Take Dan (“Please, call me Mr.
Rock and Roll"), who‘s decked out in his
best sunglasses. In between frosty sips of
beer from the unsupervised keg in the cor-
ner, Dan admits, “Sure, I’m not old enough
to drink."

he straight truth is that no legislation

will prevent students from drinking

when and what they want—not when
they can buy fake ID‘s, slip into bars with
lackadaisical carding procedures or per-
suade older students to buy. “My friends
and I can get the alcohol, and nobody is
going to stop us," says Arizona State fresh-
mun Vickie Chachere. Schools acknowl~
edge the futility of enforcement. Patricia
Harvey. assistant director of resident life at

 

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS POLL: TOO MUCH DRINKING?

Most college students drink at least once a week. But even they aren't sure that's a good Idea: 6 out oi to think
students drink too much. What to do? Seventy percent endorse required alcohol‘educatlon programs on campus.

 

Do you ever use alcoholic beverages such as liquor.
wtna or beer?

Yes 12% No 28%

 

About how otten would you say you drink alcoholic
beverages? (Asked ol those who drink.)

At least two or three times a week

About once a week

About two or three times a month

About once a month

No more than once every two or three month310%

How ollen, it ever. have you driven when you had drunk
too much?

Never 59% Once 10%
Aiewtlmeo 23% Manytimea 1%

 

Do you think that college students. generally. drink too
much?

Yes 56% No 34%

 

 

What kind at alcoholic beverage do you usually drink—
baer. wine or liquor? (Asked ol those who drink.)

All Students Males Females
Beer 58%
Wine 33% 22%
Liquor 34% 22%

Do any oi your irlends have a drinking problem?
You 24% No 16%

 

 

At what a e do you think a person should be allowed to
buy beer wine or liquor legally?
Beer/Wino Liquor
At age 18 35% 20%
At age 19 16%
At age 20 1%
At age 21 36%

How olten. iI ever, does drinking interlere with the
academic work at your friends—occasionally, seldom
or never?

Occasionally 22%

Seldom 24%

Never 50%

 

 

Do you lover or oppose a national law that would raise
the legal drinking age in all states to 21?
Favor 51% Oppose 45%

Would you. personally, preier to ban the sale and con-
sumption ol alcoholic beverages on your campus?

All Students Drinkers Nondrlnlrera
You 20% 18% 35%
No 54% 66% 21%

25% 0| students reported that alcoholic beverages are not now
allowed on their campusos.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Do you think raising the legal age to 2| is an eliective
way to cut down signiﬁcantly on drunken driving?
V93 45% No 55%

 

Would you approve of alcohol-education programs on
your campus. with attendance required at least once?

You 10% No 29%

 

 

NEwswctxJnc)

For this NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS Poll. Ihe Gallup Organization conducted 506 porsonal interviews with iull~ltmo college students on toil campuses
. - WM. 7. i . t .. .

o . ., , bocuusn"do't
responses are eliminated. and may add up to more than toil when multiple responses are permitted. (The NEWSWEEK ON Caucus Poll, © less by

'Ilrnow'

 

 

 

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/APRIL l‘IlIS

Maryland, says, “It doesn‘t matter
what the campus does. You're not
going to stop the students from drink-
ing. No way." In fact, banning booze
could conceivably promote alcohol
use by giving it the cachet of an illicit
activity. “Raising the drinking age,“
says Tufts sophomore Pam Patton,
“will just make it more of a big deal.”

The new prohibition will certainly
succeed in changing where students
drink—but not necessarily as the law-
makers intended. Ironically, at the
college level the law will probably
encourage inebriated driving to a cer-
tain extent. "Those who aren't of
age," says South Carolina’s Pruitt,
“will ﬂee to a place where they can
drink—on the road, in the car, a barn
in the country, wherever." There is
also the troubling question of wheth-
er an entire age group should be made
to pay for the mistakes of a minority.
“We have been made the undeserving

. o y ' ' . \
Dartmouth ’s liquor-free Dungeon: Pub of the future?

minimum~age-of-Zl laws will fail to
legislate morality on campuses now.
“The evil isn't drinking, it's abusing
the substance,“ says Ray Goldstone,
UCLA‘s dean of students."l do not
believe that beer or wine or other
spirits are inherently evil." Some ofﬁ-
cials fear that students will be less
willing to seek education and treat-
ment because of the illegality ofalco-
hol. As Princeton‘s chief counsel,
Thomas Wright, puts it, “We‘ve an
enormous educational dilemma on
our hands. It‘s a learning time for
students. and if we can be a partici-
pant in the students' learning about
alcohol, we can perhaps help them
some with it. If we really are forced
into the position of the law-enforce-
. ment ofﬁcer, we lose the capacity to
influence." Knowing how to drink
responsibly may be an important
real-life skill—but increasingly, it
will not be something students are

 

scapegoats of this nation's alcohol
problem," said M. Tony Snell, head of the
South Carolina state student legislature.
“Though 99 percent of us have never been
involved in an alcohol-related incident, we
have been portrayed as a generation of wan-
ton drunkards.“

While applauding some ofthe benefits of
the crackdown, many adminstrators are
concerned that America's previous attack
on alcohol may be repeating itself. Just as
nationwide Prohibition failed to control
drinking in the 19205, they suspect that

encouraged to learn in the sheltered
atmosphere of college.

RON GIVENS with CLAUDIA IIRINSON
inColtnnbiu. S.C.,GARY GATELY itt College Park. Md..
ERRY IIUCKLEY in Hanover, NH.

LEE GOLDBERG itt Los Angeles. TIM KELLEY

in Madison. Wis. CYNTHIA I. I’IGOTI' it: New York
and bureau reports

 

 

Topic : DIABETES MELLITUS
and

Topic : BIOCHEMISTRY

notional Prlxc.
More than one person may there such prize.

Each Prim comlm oi :

I!) A proclou: model.

9"!"

works are published In any other Imp-9c.

.‘t

Nomination: mutt be what

9.9"

pm
available. and three

59 557‘

 

E.
E

IN MEDICINE AND IN SCIENC
The General Secretariet of The King Eelsel internationeili’rlze. in Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, has

the honour to Invite the l ,
World to nominate qualified candidates for :

AN mvrrmon TO THE NOMINATION
FOR THE KING MISAL
ATIONAL PRIgES

i. The King Folxel International Prize In Medicine, which will be awarded In 1986,

2. The King Feilel international Prlxs In Science, which has been postponed to 1988.

Selection will be According to the dl:cretlon and dcclrlon of a Committee oonllttlng at National and International manor: tainted by The Board at King Falul Inter-
The Winner': names will be announced in December 1985 and the prim will be awarded in on oitlclnl ceremony to be held ior that purpose In Riyadh. Kingdom at Saudi
Arable. '

it) A certificate In the nlma oi the winner containing obttract oi hi. work that qualltled him for the prize.

(3) A tum oi three hundred fifty thousand Saudi Riyal: l S.R. 350,000 I.
Nominees should utltiy the toltowlnn condition: :

. A nominee mu:t hove oceompllmed In outttlndlng endemic work in the :ublect oi the prize leading to the benefit at mlnklnd and enrichment at human thought.
The prize will be awarded Ior :pecliic original rllecrchu but the liie~tlmc background at work: will be return true account.

The workr :ubrnltted with the nomination tor the prize mun have already been printed and publlrhnd. II poulbie. an Ibultlci In Arabic should be attached It the

The rpcclilc work: :ubmlttcd mutt not but: been awarded a prize by any International educlilonel Inltltutlon. rclentliic organization. or foundation.

lttud by Iudlnu mqntbon oI recognized educational Initlturlon: Ind oi worer-mc :uch as Unlvmltltler, Academic; a Research Canton.

The nomination: at other Individuul: and political FIIIIM will not be accepted.
Inltlon: mun Iva Iull plrtlculm oi the nornlnu': academic background. experiences end/or ltlrlh-r publicatlom. copies at his/hut educational certlilcetn. it

h x 9 cm: photographt. The nomineo': Iult addruu and trlephone number In: alto requested.

The nomlnutlono and work: In ten copla: arc to be :Int by rcplttarod airmail totho Iddrcn noted In to below.

The Iltott data Ior receipt oi the iull nomination: with topic: of work: I: the 3rd at Auwlt 1985. The nornlnution paper: recolvcd otter thir dnte will not bacon-

:ldorad union the Iubloct of my wire I: portpenod to th: Ioltowlng yur.

No nomination paper: or work: will be returned to the “mint.

Enquiriu rhould be made. and nomination: :hould be unt, to tho Soon:th General oI The King Falul International Prize. P. O. Box 22476. Riyadh H405,

Kingdom at Saudi Arabia, Telex: 204687 PRIZE SJ.

and Research Centers all over the

 

 

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/APRIL I‘IIIS

 

 

