 

 

2a Aspects

His and Hers.

id you know that a Catholic mar-

riage ceremony for homosexuals

was discovered recently? The man
who did the research. l’rot. john Boswell of
Yale University, author ot Christianity.
Social Tolerance. and Homosexuality. was
a featured speaker during \ ale's Gay and
Lesbian Awareness Week this month. He
explained that the Catholic homosexual
rite anticipated the present straight marv
riage ceremony and tent several features to
it. The homosexual cererlrony appear'ently
was performed in [Europe all the way into
the tit-10's.

Why is this significant? llesides the ob-
vious reasons tllre Catholic Clinic/17.0, this
discovery dramatically underscores the tact
that the configuration of society's in-
tolerance of lurmosexuality has changed

1“. t.‘ “"3: j“. 'o:u‘r o

 

ﬁvc‘ n- 0-.-

 

 

 

 

 

 

. . -. : ' . . 3 -

Where the Girls are Today is the kind of
guide book l like to see. l can remember
days back in high school when l anxiously
scanned through the Yale Student Press
Guide to Colleges and the New torlc
limes (iriiile. both thick. respectable
|“-tp(‘t‘l‘dc ks that attempt to rank the univer-
sities ot the. world on the basis of
acaclt'lillis, student involvement and the
like. In tact lcan recall Albany being refer-
red to as the 'poor man's tiarvard.’ l rest
my Lase Where the (Iirls are Today
unknowingly makes fun ot this entire
grading system by only looking at all girls'
\ olleges in the United States, judging them
on the chanies ol .1 road tripper‘ meeting
and forming a bond with one of these elite,
female und - ‘graduates.

' ilk/likeB—ermansky

 

Seth Rathlin and George Van
lloomissen. two gong-ho guys out of
i‘rinceton University travelled across our
wide country to compile this
reference travel guide. They build up the
book as the the book "that every red-
lrlooded American male needs to fully en-
joy his college years.” The assumptions
they make about the American male coed:
that he is horny, bored with the univer‘
sity's social life. friendly, sociable. and will-
ing to travel. are 'iriilried bold and clues:
tionalile. Still, Rachin and Hoomissen don't
take themselves too seriously. They

stereotype all girls into six categories”

jocks, preps. nerds. jAl’s, southern belles,
and the tosrnopolites’: announcing? that
stereotypes are too. Giving a history of the
road tripper. they tlt'cldtl‘ that during the
'oti's protest mart hes replaced road trips as
road trippers were ~seen as lacking social
roostiousiu-ss, iloivever. they write, to:
day's issues just aren't pressing enough to
occupy the spirits of the girls’ schools, so
we males rnusl road trip as quickly and
often as possible. (For girls' schools may
become extinct. There were 259 in I965
and there are,now less than 100.)

The greatest thing pbout this book is it

can actually be a helpful guide to the red
blooded American male. it tells you where

 

 

 

much more than we normally assume. in

earlier times, the heterosexualhomosexual

dichotomy was not as' big a deal as it is

now. With the rise of Hitler in Germany.

intolerance became a priority; homosex-I
uals, jews, political opponents, they all

died in the camps. There were phony

scientific rationalirations and economic

motives, but it was a relatively arbitrary
thing. llitler killed whomever he disliked.

The idea was that a selet ted segment of the l
population (Ayran althelpr‘si could run

the world.

Of course. very few people nowadays
still believe that blood Ayrans are any bet-
ter than the rest of us. Yet, myths of all
sorts come down to us from the past. The
problem is that as the world becomes more
complex, "good ole boy" thinking just
makes it harder for us to solve the big pro-
bierus we face that turn-of-the-century

the schools are. it they have good foliage,
and your Lit-Inc es of getting arrested. Then
Rachlin and Van Hoomissen explore the
best places to meet girls: the campus
center, the library. the cafeteria, a concert,
a field, a bar, or even parties, whichever is
appropriate, They also give necessary sur«
vival pointers, such as never plan a road
trip during a vacation. because chances are
they are on vacation also. Never drink
your liquor briskly, because it is a social
tnixcr. not a drug. Also, leave your drugs
at home: today's women don't want them,
(though that could be debateable). Finally.
if you are pre-med you shouldn't plan on
too many road trips, they'll take away
your energy and enthusiasm for academics.

The New York Times Guide judged col-
leges using a scale of one to four stars.
Where the Girls are Today judges their
schools with a system of daisies, four
daisies being the highest rating. i decided
not to take these ratings for law and get
some of the undergraduates’ feelings on
their school's rating and the fact that they
wererated.

l called the top rated schools of the
Pioneer Valley. a region north of Spr-
ingfield Massachusettes which the guide
called "a road tripper's paradise." Kathey
(‘alley a student attending Smith said she
was aware oi the high rating and was not
surprised by it. In fact. she said that her
school does not have to advertise social
funtions, that the school's name is a big
enough draw. l asked her if going to a girls'
school was a social detriment. First off. she
(Ul'l’l‘t led me. as she had several times dur-
ing the interview. "Mike. it is an all
women's school." and went on to say that
Smith was really no diiferent from a coed
school. for men do attend their classes
through a five school exchange program.
On a more negative note she informed me
that it was not as easy to get into a dorm
party as the book made it sound. Guests
are not allowed in unless someone is expec-
ting them.

At the other top rated school of the area.
Mount Holyoke. i got a less agreeable
response. 1 spoke with Kim Collins, a
senior. 'who said she was aware of the
rating and was very upset by it, and went
on to ask me if the‘arti'cle‘was the same one
that was in the’ Playboy issue. it seems

Hit the road

 

 

 

 

we haven’t :C‘ome‘a long. wayzL'

Klan members did not. Looking toward the

future he helped shape, Einstein said:.‘.‘W.e "
shall need substantially new ways of think-~ -

ing in order to survive." No joke. Our;
generation seems to be singled oui‘to‘ealch

the falling ax: environmental disasterti

political chaos"! Falwell for President?
nuclear war? We have our choice.

The alternative: we can also choose to
cluttth our thinking. Einstein was no dum-
my. America needs to be smarter in the
303 and here on out. The stakes are higher
and it's our future on the line. On a very
basic pragmatic, practical level, we need all
the new ideas and intelligent people we

can get. Not just the white males. So far. ‘

they haven't dune well . on their own.
Mainstream thinking is slo'wly absorbing
the fact that women have as much to con-
tribute to society as men. We can't afford
to exclude fully half of the intelligent
minds we need to help solve our problems.

We can't afford to treat women as ob-
jects, though the authors of Where the
Girls Are Today tell men they should. The
"How to Snag a Coucherette" excerpt

 

i ‘ 1- ‘ t' . .
below is classic sexist thought-if one were
to follow the directions. there would be no
real conversation. just bullshit going both

ways. The bottom'li‘r‘r‘e is that sexism is t‘

trseless."lt doesn't even‘make men happy.
Do men want lovers/wives who are "bagg-
ed" or "giftwrappedf’ft 'Would you really
want to know. someone who is stupid
enough to believe lies? '

The prejudice that excludes homosex-
uals from social and economic. oppor-'
tunities is just as useless and unproductive
as sexism. Cay people are people just’likc
straights. They have a lot to contribute, not
just good poetry. If you don't want to read
our centerfold because gay pe, _le wrote it,
then you're the one Who's In: g out. Un-
fortunately. as the world gets? alter, your
loss becomes my loss. We C§§M simple-
minded in a complex world._
out, if ' We don't”: all work together,
everybody'loses. Cl

 

Torn Kacandes, lRln'a Young,
‘ Aspects. editor-a-

' I ‘Apritzg, t985_;_

om here on .

 

 

erette.

and shop at Bloomingdale‘s.

 

Playboy found this guide a good medium
’for tickling their readers' fancies: what an
image, a.whoie school of young, willing
girls. Kim-said it-,'was degrading and does
not reflect‘theyattitude of the students.
When i read t‘o’her this quote from the
book, "Sofar as road tripping is concerned,
Mount ‘Hblyoke is a fairly easy nut to
crackiisheisaidgth‘econtext is obvious, that
they feel men can com-e here to get laid.
The women at Mount Holyoke so disliked
this tone that there was an organized pro-
test lead by Betty Powell.

The final four‘tlaisy school _l spoke to
was Wheaton College. in Norton.

Massachusettes, located a little west of
Boston. Nancy Hallet said, "Yes, you can
meet a lot of people, depending on what
you want." i asked her about the school
motto, which is emphasized in the book:

How to Snag a Goucherette
There are certain key things to remember in selecting and luring a Gauch-

Be impressed. The Goucherette's lirst goal in making a new triend is to
impress him beyond beliel. Play along. Agree when told that Goucher's admissions
process is very competitive and that its studies are challenging. Agree that the job
market tor psychology majors is large and open. Act impressed. when she tells you
what suburb she's lrom. Example: "I know. Scarsdale is quite beautilul." Remark
on her clothes. She probably spent hours choosing what to wear. Don’t go overboard
and remark on her makeup. though. It's supposed to look natural.

Impress her. The Goucherette wants someone she can brag about to all her '
lriends, and she wants someone who. it she should choose to marry. could support ‘
her in the manner to which she has become accustomed. Two tactics are in order I
here. First. embellish your present accomplishments: any teams you play on,
organizations you run. mountains you've climbed; ll you cpme ham a prestigious,
school. substitute it tor your name when you introduce yoursell. .

Second. make sure your chances‘ lor luture wealth are certain. ll there is
the remotes! chante you wlll go to_ law or medical school. make it seem certain,  .
Subtly bring up anything you stand to inherit. Under no-circumstances should  ’?
suggest that money isn't important to you. - ‘

Show you share the same interests. Tell her you enjoy all the things she
does. You too play tennis. swim in the Bahamas, ride harses. eat Chinese load,

It you get the chance, use a credit card and you will have your Gaucherette
bagged, monogrammed. and tully gilt wrapped.

 

.. aware of the reaitruth.

 

 

'Women at their Best.’ She replied that it
was fine depending on what context one
takes it in. i asked her, "What if a reader
takes it in the wrong context?”.She replied,
"Who cares. Most of the guys (road trip.
pcrs) expect the wrong thing. I haven't met
a decent guy yet. They can‘t even carry
on a- conversation. They just go'to their
beers. i don‘t know what they’d do
without beer." i
What should a potential SUNY at
Albany Iroad tripper conclude from these
quotes from three of the highest rated
schools? Maybe it isn’t as easy as it is made
to seem, girls (oops), women aren’t pleased
with our attitudes, and they are wise to our
game and wish we were more articulate. it
doesn't seem too promising. However,
there is a ray of hope, a silver lining, a girls'
school in the area. it's not a{ four daisy

,.
school. No, it is a two and one half daisy
school, but two girls who are members of
the student government had' some en-
couraging words. They said they en-
courage guys to visit them, saying, “it is a
plus‘ to be seen as attractive as Well as
scholarly, if it promotes the college." i alik-
ed them why I‘d never heard of Russel
Sage mixers. or the like. They told me they
do advertise on our campus. in fact, they
advertised having a hypnotist on campus
recently. it seems promising, if not dlfv
ferent. However, one side note..- their local
Sutters, which is frequently referred to as
"Slutters", is not called this because of the
reason the guide gives. that it is an overly

"aggressive pick-up bar'. No, it is called

“Slutten” merely because thlrr rhymes with _
Sutters. i just thought potential road trip-
pen and the general public nho'uldbe

~

 

 
 
  

reads his poetry in the same style as

he writes: without theatrics or ar-
tifice. When he reads, his soft baritone
brogue is all the complement a poem could
wish for. As one droll lrishman at last
Thursday‘s reading obServed, “He's the
first poet l've heard who didn't get in the
way of his own poetry!"

Laurence Quinn

Mr. Heaney read his poetry on the even
ing of April 18th at the State Museum' as a
guest of the New York State Writers in-
stitute. Before the reading he stood in the
foyer of the Museum auditorium chatting
with SUNYA‘s professor Tom Smith and

 

 

 

S eamus Heaney is a natural poet who

 

. author-lecturer William Dumbleton. Both'

   

men later praised him in their introduc-
tions. William Kennedy and.his wife were
also on hand.

Professor Smith opened the evening,
saying, "it's a great day for the lrish." And
indeed it was a great evening for all things

‘ Irish. The soil of lreland clings to the roots

of Heaney’s poetry. The flavor of spoken
lrish, lrish Gaelic and lrish English, is like
music to the American ear. The living
history of the lrishrace is brought to light
in his poetry ' through his scrutiny of
himself.

Death of a Naturalist, Heaney's first ma-
jor work, opens with the poem 'Digging‘ in
which he writes: "Between my finger and
my thumb/ The squat pen rests/ l‘ll dig with

j it.” in all of his work there is digging, ex-
_ posing of roots, and a kind of personal ar-

‘. cheology. His poetry does not resound

with the clash of arms in Northern ireland.
To an American reader his subtle commen-
tary is nearly undetectable. Of the fifteen
or twenty poems he read, only three dealt
with the suffering in Northern lreland. His

. peoms speak not to the supposed heroes or

villians, but to the victims of indiscriminate
violence. He reserves his anger for those
who righteously condemn the barbarity of

‘ "the other side” and the spirit of revenge

which perpetuates the killing. At one point
be reflected sadly, "if people were allowed
to be a little more cowardly and
dishonorable this world'd be a happier
place." -

His first selection was "The Earn,” a
remembrance of the farm on which he was
raised in County Derry, lreland. Heaney
explained that this poem echoes the ideas
of Gaston Bachelard, a French author and
physicist. who believed that the spaces we

 

 
   

 

grow up in shape and define us. Heaney's

poem recalled the barn, with its smell of '

hay and the cling of cobwebs on his face.
and he confessed with a smile that, "a part
inside of me will alwaysbe a scared kid in
a big barn."

In each of the four or five poems with
which Heaney began the evening there
were elements of what he called, "the little
mythology l invented about the place
where l was born." in "A Drink of Water"
an old woman from a neighboring farm
was transformed into a muse by his fond
remembrance. Heaney combines this per-
sonal mythology with ireland's heroic
literary tradition and elements of classical
mythology. the resulting blend is uniquely
Heaney’s and has earned him the ac-
colades: 'modern successor to William
Butler Yeats' and 'the best poet now
writing in lreland.’ Heaney shrinks from

such comparisons. saying, 'One doesn't ‘

compare oneself to Yeats, he is taken for
granted in the same way that a mountain
is. One is aware of Yeats as a volcanic
event in literature.’

in his most recent collection of poems,
Station Island, Heaney skillfully crafts an
autobiography of his own poetic evolu-
tion. The first section of the book is a col-
lection of loosely connected poems from
which he selected “The Railway Children."
in this poem Heaney again explored
children‘s perceptions of their world.

The book takes it's‘ name from the se-
cond section of poetry. For centuries
pilgrams have travelled to the shrine of St.
Patrick at Station island, a small island off
the coast of Donegai. To hear Heaney
speak of Station island is to begin to
understand the role of the Catholic faith in
lrish life and literature. past and present.

 

 

 

 

, The third and last part of Station Island is
‘called Sweeney Redivivus. Heaney also
‘ read several of the poems which tell the
story of the legendary King Sweeney who
was transformed onto a bird. in "The
Scribes," Heaney speaks through the per-
son of the Bird-King as he tells of the
medieval monks who transcribed and
preserved ancient lore. Heaney shows us
the human side of these pious, unselfish
men when he reveals the petty, "myopic
angers" which they "herded" in the
margins of their scrolls: "the ink is too dry."
or  ink is too oily” and 'the day is too
dar [can not write.’ One has only to pic-
ture these petulant, 'bitchcs of men' scrat-
ching away at a parchment page to ap-
v preciate the full wit and insight of Seamus
Heaney. His audience unquestionably did.

' DEM: 1'53 K»? r ‘
fﬁqotﬁf‘r’3ft‘ o

 5" o 5" o. 5*; a 5i

  

Desperately seeking something

esperately Seeking Susan is a whim-
Dslcal, fastpaced tale of forgotten

identity and intertWining relation-
ships. lt spans the dull luxery of Fort Lee,
New jersey to the exciting street life of the
East Village. This bright,colqrful_ film
dwelled too heavily on a predicatble,
unoriginai plot which eventually 'smothers
what started as a fresh contrast of suburban
and metropolitan lifestyles.

Mike Dermans‘ky

By the movie’s end. i was not anxious to

 

 

see the epilogue or even the words, The .
END, which never appearedutwas really I r '
annoyed that Lbothered tdvtryalv‘el; to a.
theatre, as‘l wondered if I should leave dur- ’
ing the credits or stay for Madonna’s little'

used theme song, "Get into theGroove." t
can best parallel my feelings to, what any,

American with a credit card can experience I

at his or her local T.C.i.Fridays. This
restaurant chain has book-like menus,
super-friendly, well-trained help, and each
resaurant is sharply decorated with stop
signs, traffic lights. cute graffiti and other
restrained pop art touches. When there are
thousands of restaurants just like the
original, one can easily get annoyed with
this familiarity and build up a little
contemptt

Desperately Seeking Susan seems to
have evolved from movies such as Tootsie,
Romancing the Stone. and NBC's TV
show, Miami Vice. The director, Susan
Sledelman, provides wonderful stories;
striking compositions, articulate, well pian~
ned dialogue and interesting, blggenthang
life characters; all supported with upbeat
background music. The picture is well
edited. jokes are set up and then built
upon. Unfortunately, the movie strays into
the contemptuous realm of familiarity
when," abandons its characters (their
respective backgrounds, wardrobes) and
personal desires for a story line built on
coincidence after coincidence.

 

  

i

so 5/ . . -"i

be a‘Glass»(Rqsann§v:Arquette) is a :
‘ tnbltionlessf sub. rbani- housewife.
thth’hér‘tiusb‘and’s sister‘under a
bubble hair dryer. she reveals her interest
‘ln the newspaper personals. Her favorite
concerns an ongoing romance between a
man named itm} and Susan, the woman he
is "desperatrely seeking." In fact, she ac-
tually kept a journal of their escapades

which Susan, played by Madonna, finds ‘

towards the end of the moive and says, “i
didn't think anybody’s life could be this
boring."

Amidst the domestic demands placed on
Roberta by her husband. the capitalistic
hot-tub salesman, and the role sle's
adopted as a homemaker, her curiousity
compelsgher to spy on one of Susan and
iim's meetings. She follows Susan and
gradually is propelled into Susan’s world of
used clothing, port authority lockers, hid-
den apartments. and temporary jobsrunlil
she actually loses her memory and takes on
Susan’s role where she discovers an ex-
citing new perception of New York City
and its citizens.

Roberta’s unplanned, compulsive actions
are the most enchanting arpcct of this
movie. she represent: the millions of
Americans who envy the exciting liver of
fictional roapappcra starg oyer t «unborn;
tlta...ilv‘e4i£';whlch they are . ulttmatelyd c"

. sumerl with and haven't actively choun. it

  
 

   

 

 

is easy to identify with Roberta's interest in
this traveling romance. The viewer
becomes anxious for her to enter this
world of fantasy which is real in the movie.
Roberta appears to be an alien being when
taken from her Fort Lee home. She is not
accustomed to the aggressive interactions
and the expectations of independent peo«
ple who aren't part of an immediate family
network. A glaring. example of this
naivete occurs when a single man in a bar-
ren third floor flat asks her if she wants a
drink. She replies. "apple juice, mile, Per-
rier," totally unaware that typical New
Yorkers Idon't posses those things in their
fridge.

Madonna plays a role which she seems
to have created for herself through her
videos, of a big-shouldered, strong-willed,

. promiscuous woman who will wear a thou
sand rubber bracelets if she so chooses. Her
presence is welcomed, although she isn't as
dirty, impolite. or mischevous as Susan
could have been. in fact, she even comes
off as an allxk nowing. expert social worker
when she” explores Roberta's world.

 

 

Madonna's tone throughout says, "i am
awesome!" yet her limited screen time
allows her one-dimensional character to
come off effectively.

Madonna's wardrobe is refreshing, ar-
tistic array of gloves, tights. heels. nail
polish. and a fantastic jacket with a
pyramid on the back, which she claims was
once owned by jimi Hendrix. This is one of
many keen touches. Still, the film was not
as challenging as its parts. Rosanna Ar~
quelte created a picture of untouched
beauty, just as Daryl Hannah did in Splash.
There are enough hot and bothered men
being tullfilled, or rather teased, with these
images. Roberta's romance is too cliched
and shouldn‘t have been focused upon so
strongly. When her thin male picks her up,
carrying her in an embrace to his bed, this
should be thought of as a good time to get
popcorn (though his seeing her naked
through his fish tank was a little unusual).

The art form isn't taken to its limit.
Madonna, Arquette, and their desperate
travels are upbeat, crazy and unusual. We
should join them. [It

..'.’.l. ‘0»: 3 '

 

