.  ON-E‘OFTH'EWORLD’S MOST . ‘
HIGHLY-EVOLVE!) RACING MACHINES,
~ HASJusnwomes. .

\

   
 

 

 

With a well-tuned
engine, it can accelerate
from O to 40 in under
8 seconds. It responds
and corners as ruthless/y
as a Porsche Carrera.
And it has 7 more speeds
than the average Ferrari
(but With a lot more
headroom).

, it‘s a rek®racing
bicycle. Designed from
the wheels on up to
deliver the maxrmum
performance technology
will allow.

In the custom-built.
tradition, Trek believes It
is the frame, crafted to
meticulous standards,
that determines the
responsrve handling and
"feel" of a true racing bike.
A well-deﬁned geometry
which, matched with
a group of precrsron
components, creates an
almost syner etic link
between cyc e and
cyclist.

Yet beyond all
proportions, a Trek
bicycle must provrde a
greater return on every
ounce ofenerg and
sweat investe . Fie ard-
less of whether you re out
fora faster, less bone-
jarring aerobic workout
-l- or s rinting for gold
like 0 ymp/c medal/st
Rebecca Twrgg.

Foraeop olour
32page ulleolor
catalog and the
nearest Trek Dealer,
ifoi’al’S. ‘é‘ll’féi’g
Chilton, WI 53014.

To see the com
prehensrve line of Trek
bicycles, drive over to
a nearby Trek dealer
Then forget the car. And
ride on a two-wheeled
machine that’s evolved
so much further

.'TREKW

American Craftsmanship
in Bicycles and Framesets"

ABCHITECTUHE

mous sums. John D. Rockefeller founded the Unive
ty of Chicago in 1890 with a gift of $30 million. Hts
architect, Henry Ives Cobb, was given a compact four-
block site in the middle ofthe city, into which he was
forced to cram a Woman‘s Quadrangle, two Under-
graduate Quadrangles and a Graduate Quadrangle.
Somehow he managed it all with the beaux-m‘ls grace ‘
and symmetry favored then. As Columbia expanded in
New York City, it hired the renowned Charles
McKim, who explicitly embraced the “municipal
character" ofthe school. He placed his fanciful domed
buildings right on the edge ofthe street (contradicting
Jefferson), like any urban structure

As universities grew larger and more self-conscious,
they began to cultivate a design "image." Ernest
Flagg's magnificent French baroque cadet headquar-
ters for the Naval Academy in Annapolis in the late
1890s is a glowing example—and the perfect precedent
for the soaring Air Force Academy designed 50 years
later in Colorado Springs by Walter Netsch of Skid-
more, Owings. and Merrill.

WOLFGANG HOYT—ESTO

a one sense, the “campus” idea] has been totally
violated in our time. As higher education expand-
ed enormously after World War ll, the huge com-
plexes designed by no-nonsense "modern" architects in the '50s and
'60s depart ‘d in many physical ways from the past. Classroo and
dormito were often built overnight, stamped out in cold, stiff
metal-and-glass boxes that resembled each other, like automobiles
on an assembly line. Terms like “open planning“ (that is, no
planning) became fas onable; the assumption was that coherent
direction was imp . ble, since the future offered nothing but
increasingly unmanageable hordes of new students.
in this decade, barely discussedinTurne ‘ ook. thereisa fresh
dogma. Convinced that the "new" modernist voeabulary is unsuit-
able, the educational hierarchy, inspircd by the Yale and Rice
examples. is comm ng big-name designers to produce dra-
matic images, often e l crately recalling the past. The controver-
sial College of Architecture building, recently designed by Philip
Johnson and John Burgee for the University of Houston. is the
perfect case in point.
Once "modern" architects dedicated to streamlined, abstract
shapes, Johnson and Burgee have provided Houston with nothing

. critlemy elm/ml: Soaring peaks in the (inform/tr 1mm n mim-

NliWSWliliK ()N CAMPUS/APRIL I‘lltﬁ

 
  
      
 

nm’ ‘, um Kim,   . “I,”
a! (ill in: suit-a r. 

Columbia: A emu/utter-seience building snuggled into the 19th century

more or less than a neoclassical villa, directly imitating the ﬁnest
work of the 18th-century French master Ledoux. Despite some
vocal opposition, the building is rising now. strongly supported by
university ofﬁcials.

The lust for sheer presence can be overwhelming Paul Ru-
dolph‘s infamous Art and Architecture Building a Yale (1958),
whose ugly “Brutalist” towers and cramped interiors prompted a
student revolt, was one ofthe ﬁrst signs ofthis trend. Louis Kahn‘s
warm and light-ﬁlled Center for British Art at Yale, ﬁlled with
honeyed woods, was completed in the same city in 1977, a splendid
antidote to Rudolph. Robert Venturi, who proclaimed that he
would return Princeton “to the Gothic tradition." is more typical
of the postmodern takeover. His Gordon Wu Hall (1983) is a
masterpiece ofthis overworked genre, an exquisite two-story brick
and limestone building that subtly echoes the Renaissance orna-
mentation and br d bay windows elsewhere on the campus. At
Rice, Cesar l’clli has just completed another gem, the long and
narrow Jesse Jones ban] of Administration (1984). Its complex
and lyr al brick facade weaves colors, forms and
textures that directly recall other buildings on the
university grounds.

But Kahn, Venturi and Fe!“ alone cannot revive this
lost, peculiarly indigenous tradition. Jefferson‘s obses-
sion with the end of education—not methodological
"planning" or ornate architecture—is rare in the ‘80s,
when universities are desperate for image-enhancing
ploys to ﬁll their classrooms and dorms. Stirer at some
point those in power will realize that a touch of soft-
edged civility might serve their hard-edged needs. The
metaphysical scope of John Carl Warnecke's plan for
the University ofCalifornia at Santa Cruz (1963), set in
a great redwood forest on a hill above the Paciﬁc Ocean,
is a telling reversal of the multiversity mania. War-
necke‘s concept proposed clusters of colleges holding
no more than a few hundred students, most of whom
reside, dine and study in the same atmosphere. Kresge
College at Santa Cruz, j ntly designed by Charles
Moore, William Turnbull and a participating group of
students in the '70s, offers a compact village of low-

ing wltite buildings sp' ‘ ' with brightsupergraph-
tc lettering, as well as 1 s and fountain
courts. Here the “camp mes at last a
ﬁnished, workng contemporary model.

DOUGLAS DAVIS

Gs AND MERmLL~

s-unMORE

 
 

37

