 

 

 

..:.'..-.-.;;.._.-.«t.. Naomi/‘n'ﬁI—nn.  : :‘v . a :-

 

 
  

.\‘.

' APR/t. 23. I985

 

  

 

  

Destrade, Lombardi and the
rest of the 'A‘-.,€:.~Yartkees V .
the second time around .
See the Sports. supplement-'_ _
inside f '

 
    

.‘ It“

 

 

 

Warren Miller pitched seven innings. allowing 3 earned runs to pick up a win against Middlebury.

'.~:‘

v "‘.V§' .
; v. ‘ *3. ‘t-. ‘\kp‘ , he
:4 . IQt ill-1%.. .._,-.‘?,

 

.IX 1 'o' ‘ r
t ‘ w‘ﬁk’;

' a ‘ ~. ‘ .‘ . ..
"‘ ‘ .a . . . .‘
. .- .

DAVE ISAAC UPS

Danes speed to three victories

By Cathy Errig
ll‘tllth'lll \“l‘l i\I

Head Coach i‘d [ttlootn‘s prediction that the Albany
State baseball team would have to depend on speed rather
tll.Ili power to score ittli\ couldn‘t ha\e beett ntore ae-
eurttte lttst weekend.

Speed. itt tlte form of stolen bases. beating out ground
halls. anti taking full .tdutntage of \\i|d pitches. ae-
eunnted for .IllliU\| all of the runs that resulted in a 9-5
\\lli _o\ er Middlebury. a 7-6 \ictory over l)i\ision l (‘ol-
gate. and :1 split with tlte highly reputable l.c.\ioyne. los-
ing the first game. iii-l. but taking. the second game. iii-9.

“We're ttot a power team." \illd Zaiootn “\\'e lack the
ability to hit the long ball. and than has made a difference
in some of our losses. if we're in n sittttttlon where the
wind is blowing toward us. we're an a disadvantage
because we don't lune players who hit above the wittd.
We have the potential to hit the long ball. but it wouldn't
be ordinary."

The Danes began their weekend at Middlebury on Fri-
day. taking a one run lead iii the top of the first inning.
Albany's Craig Wallace scored the run. reaching first on
at fielder's ehoiee. then stole second. and reached third on
a wild pitch. ile scored the run on a throwing error.

The tie was broken in the second inning as the Danes
scored five runs on four hits. Fred Sneeoeio led off the in-
ning with a single and moved to third on Bob Martiila's

double. Rudi Liceittrdi drew a walk to load the bases. set-
ting the situation for Adam Pullman's single to drive in a
run. Dune Hennessey walked to drive in the second run of
the inning.

fhe Dante‘s speed failed to come through later in the in-
ning. as Tony Torrez grounded to third. resulting in the
first out. Craig Wallace grounded ottt also. enabling the
Middlebury defense to catch the runner at home.

Dave Thelentan followed with a single for the third
Dane run of the game. Howard Hammond and Saccocio
built drew walks for two more Dane runs. 13th Martilla
then grounded out to end the inning.

Middlebury scored one rttn in the bottom oftlie inning.
bringing the score to 6‘2.
i.ieeiardi drew ti walk to lead off the third inning. then
stole second. He scored on a single by Torrez to bring the
score to 7-2. Middlebury added two runs in the fourth
and another in the fifth to make the score 7-5.
in the top of the ninth. Dave Theiean doubled and
scored on Hammond's double. giving the Danes eight
runs. Saeeoeio also doubled. scoring Hammond to give
the Danes their final run.
Juan Miller. who pitched seven innings and gave up
three earned runs. picked up the win for Albany. .lim
21>

 

 

Women sparkle-.1;
for Albany'cre‘w?

‘By Adam Engle

I’KUDl'ClIUN \I-\.\'«\(r'ER I .
Last week Coach Jeff Schafer was asked whom he

thought was making better progress. his men‘s.crew team

orrhis women. He paused for a moment andsaid lie 

wasn't sure. “i'll know more next week," he added.

‘ After the past weekend's lthaca invitational. Schafer
can answer that question a little better. in their second
rowing competition in the Albany State crew's history.
the women excelled while the men failed to place in an
of the races. , '

The Albany State women's crew posted one win. one
second place and one third place ﬁnish out of seven races
at the lthaca invitational this past Saturday.

Two weekends ago. the crews swept four races from the
year-old Hamilton club. Saturday's meet put Albany
State against such experienced teams as Colgate. Skid-
more. Union. Cascadilla rowing club. and the well-
respected lthaca crew. which has been in existence at the
varsity level for l8 years. Hobart and Hamilton were
scheduled to race, but did not show.

The Albany women’s eight—oar beat Skidmore and
Union in the petite finals. or consolation final. The race,
though. was stopped in the middle and restarted because
of two collisions with the Skidmore crew. Twice. the
Skidmore crew shifted into the Albany lane. tangling
oars. After the second collision. Skidmore was
.disqnalified.

The other races were rowed without incident. and

showed that Albany State‘s crews can row with. and beat
established teams. The women’s 4 (A boat) beat lthaca by
45 seconds. '

"i think we did well given our experience...and in com-
parison to the other. more established crews." said coxs-.
wain Elissa Kaye. who navigated ﬁve different races. "it
was exciting, especially because it was a real race."

According to oarswoman Debbie Pardew. who rowed
in the women's 8 and women's 4(B boat). the team was
“shocked at beating Hamilton last week. We didn‘t know
what to expect.”

Brit after having had one race under their belts the
crews were ready for more. “We knew about the teams
we were going to meet." she added. “We went to do the
best we could. it‘s more than exciting." said Pardew.

Marianne Gibbons. who rowed in the stroke seat of the
third place women's light weight four. felt that Satur-
day's races were a learning experience. Although no one
felt that Hamilton would be stiff competition. “everyone

22> ‘

 

 

 
  
 

Grossman-Schmitz loss nets Vermont 5-4 Win

By Lisa Jacket
\I \ll “RINK

The Albany State men‘s tennis team's
record now stands at 5-2 after defeating
Binghamton on Friday and losing to Ver-
tttont Saturday.

The Danes defeated Binghamton 7-2.
taking four singles matches and sweeping
doubles. Dave Grossman defeated
Binghamton‘s Chris Olsen 6-2. 6-4 at
number one singles. At number three
singles. Torn Schmitz beat Rob Sauer 7—5.
6-3

didn‘t."

 

Mike Dermansky nipped fourth singles
player Mark Birtnbium 6-4. 7-5. Sixth
singles player. Mark Sanders. won easily
over Andy Boyland 6-0. 6-0. Losses were
endured by Jay Eisenherg and Mitchell
Gerber. At number two singles Eisenbcrg
lost to Robe Grundfast 6-3. 6-4. Gerber
lost 6-0. 6-2 to Binghantton’s fifth singles
player. Melzer.

First doubles Schmitz and Grossrnan
defeated Olsen and Grundfast 6-3. 2-6.
(5-1. Eiscnbcrg and Dermansky won easily
over Birnbautn and Melzer in second
doubles 6-2. 6-2. Gerber and Sanders
defeated Boyiand and Sauer 6-4. 6-4 in
third doubles.

“We didn‘t know what the competition
was going to be like - we only saw
Binghamton in the SUNYACn in where
they came in a close second behind us."

 

doubles and after winning all three we felt
pretty conﬁdent we'd win."

“it was an easy win." stated Coach Bob second doubles.
Lewis. “We played well while Binghamton

The Danes put up a good fight against

said Sehmitz. "We started out with Vermont. though. resulting inaciose loss
of 5-4. Losses were suffered in first. sc-
cond and fourth singles as well as first and

 

 -. ._.

ww‘

\ .

Schmitz beat Ross Abrams in third
singles i-6. 6-2. 7-5. Sanders defeated fifth
singles player Brent Reum 63. 6-3. David
‘ ‘ _'

Zobler won easily over sixth singles player
Paul Murnson 6-2. 6~i. ~

At number one singles. Grossman fell to
Peter Tayroian 6-2. 6-4. Eisenberg was
nipped by Vic Miliigan 6-4. 4-6. 6-4 in se-
cond singles. Mike Dermansky lost to Rich
Green in fourth singles 6-4. 6-4.
~ Sanders and Gerber defeated Green and
Peter Numan'6-3. 6-4 in third doubles.
while the ﬁrst two doubles teams suffered
losses. First doubles Grossman ‘and
Schmitz lost to Fayroian and Rcum 3-6.
6-i. 7-5. Dermansky and Eisenberg lost to
Milligan and Decry in second doubles 64.
6-2. ..
“My match was very important as it‘was
3-2 so when i won making it three all. all
we had to do was take two out of three
doubles but we lost.” said Zobler. “Third
doubles played really well. They were
behind 4-l in the second set and then they
won the last five games."
, “We knew it was going to be tough. We
lost to them last year 8-i." said Schmltz.
"We went into doubles three all and only“
won one double which really hurt us."

"Sanders. Zobier and the third doubles
played very well." said Coach Lewis. “it'
was very competitive and exciting as the
number one double: - the deciding match.
was the indie finish. it was tin exciting
finish but we lost."

 
   

Maura
Fourth clnoiu 'Iatlto DormhmIty stroke: a Wad-d bacilli-tutor.

22>

 

 

 

