 
 

4 ALBANY STUDENT mass El FRIDAY. MARCH 15. 1985‘

 

 
  
   
 
  

  
 

gle or sassg
alon at l ennney.

Salon, Crossgates Mall.

 

 

’

”//Shamp_ob, cut
and blow-style $9

I
l

l

l

l

I Offer expires 3/29/85. Coupon must be presented at time of pur-
: chase. Not applicable to previous purchases. JC Penney Styling

: .

I

I

 

 

student LD.

Reg. $14. Greet spring with an exciting new hair st Ie! Sim-
ou’ll get the look you want with the t lin

  

' cuon

   
  
 

mt sin-m. Anni-n

JCPenney.-.

 

 

 

iii

CLUB ”

and receive a membership card which entitles V i

you to free non- alcoholic beverages when you

are the designated driver for two or more friends
and you will not be drinking.

The card is good at:

BOGIES O’HEIINY’S

SKIPPERS

 

 

For ruther Info, Call; Steve Gawley, Student Action Chair

in?“ I‘Mnmvmc 

 

 

MEMBER CARD

 “I'M omvrn'c CLUB; PM 
4° - . 9/0

 

 

APR 15 1986

(Prlni rut-mar .v _-

Is a member In good standing of the “I'M DRIVING cwnun and
agrees to the Club Charla which Is on the reverse side of this card.

 

Diplratlon Date

Owner/Manager

m‘éhiileﬁ‘iswclaiion Cam’ﬁe‘niér iiii

 

 

LAMP POST LONGBRIINCH

LITTLE HORN
 the   (more are being added)

-SIGN UP IN SA. (CC 116) OR ON DINNER LINE

- You don’t have to be a non-drinker or oWner of a car to join.

- This program is designed to attack drunk

driving
at the root of the problem '

IRISH Pun
sumr nn'l'
GRIFFIN

Karen Seymourian

 

 

at 457-8081 

 

 

 

.t .. x. my, 3/, ‘l/n? ~4,‘i"<~.i‘. _v up“:

FRIDAY, MARCH I5. I985 lj’ALBANY STUDENT PRESS>5

 

 

‘Rlna Young . +

“You have to be passionate about something."

 

MANAGING EDITOR

time.”

fuchsia is.

f I A Simplicity

By John Keenan

f .Rina Young spent her sophomore year as a
psychology major. trying to "figure out what
psychosis i had, the way med. students always think
they have whatever disease they're studying at the '

Two years later, she's reasonably sure she isn’t
suffering from any psychosis. A
lot of people on-, campus.
however. might disagree with her.

The major. reason seems to be
her flamboyant “ster of dress.
Even on the jaded concrete of
SUNYA; Young's wardrobe will pick up more than
its share of passing glances on any given day. “The
7 relationship l '-have with color." she related.

,“startedltotake shape back when my mother was
dressing me.in red patent leather shoes instead of

black. it comes out through fashion as my personal
’ representatives of art." -

Art plays an important part in Young’s life.
“Dealing with art makes me content." she said. t
“You' have to be passionate about something. i

. don't have the drive to be an artist ——- l have a drive

'to deal with art. Not to say.” she grins. “that l
‘ might not be showing my stuff off in the Village and..an

~ I Ups five'years from now."

Art isn’t the only important part of Young’s life.
although all of her friends now know what color

. Friday
Profile

g, _ _ offpodium serves well
" ~lin-Offset‘ting' her artful wardrobe

As Editor in Chief of the JSC-Hillci publication
The Spirit, Young views Judaism as her heritage.
“It's a cultural continuity which is necessary, a con-
nection with the past that ties you in.” Young
hopes to use The Spirit to promote that feeling.
"it’s a shared history." she said. "although people
deal with religion in different ways."

When asked how she saw the role of Hillel,
Young stated that it “only reaches a 'small percen-
tage. I’ve heard so many misconceptions about
Jews on this campus,_ you know. that we're 69 per-
cent of the entire student body. There's a high
visibility ,5 that's very. different from a high
number.

Young also spent her freshman year of college in
lsrael. .“l wanted to take a break from the
American way of life. and spent the year in lsrael
due to an ideological necessity."

The year in lsrael was an enlightening one,
although Young, who was at that time a member of .
a Zionist group, said that it was ﬁlled with more
questions than she had answers for.

“l ghess things started to gel together when i
realized that people aren’t either/or. they're and.

Young began working as the Albany Student
Press’s Aspects editor at the beginning of the spring
semester. “Aspects is a different creative mode. it

11>

S’urveyjtodiagnose Service ofSUN YA infirmary

By Kathleen Stack * ,
The results of a student survey on the

SUNYA inﬁrmary should be released next-

week, according to the Student Communi-
ty Committee chair Rich Dalton, who add-
ed that the idea for the survey was a result
of his own dissatisfaction with the services
at the infirmary. l .
“igspoke to a lot of people and i realized
it wasn't only me that was dissatisfied with

the service. so instead of going to the inﬁr? 

mary with our own individual complaints.
we thought it would be better to do a
whole survey." Dalton said.

The questions on the survey, Dalton
said, deal with the speed 'of services.'ac-
curacy of diagnosis. and the quality of
medical care administered by doctors" on
the staff. Preliminary results show a com-
mon complaint to.be very slow service.
with some students reporting an hour
before seeing a doctor, '

The purpose of the suryey. according to
Dalton. is to “target problems and to try
to come upTvith some ideas for change."
stressing that this was “not an attack on
the inﬁrmary service." '

“We would like to meet with the direc-
tors of the infirmary and discuss some of
the problems and possible solutions,” said

NEWS ‘ UPDA TE 3

. taid cuts. .
Meet Antolne Mamet" Ross Abelow. a SUNYA United
5

Antonine Mnillet.‘ the only North
American winner of France's leading
literary award. Le Prix Goncourt, will
be on the SUNY Albany campus April
8-23.

Mnillet’s visit will be sponsored by the
Department of French and the New
York State Writers’ institute. She will
participate in two courses offered by the
Department of French: Face-to-facc. (a
course in French and already in pro-
gress) and Meet Antonino Malllet. a
quarter course to be taught in English.

On April 12 and i3 Mnlllet's play. La
Sngoulne. will be performed at the
SUNY Albany Performing Arts Center.
The play is u one-woman monologue
which has been seen on stage and tclcvi-
sion in Canada, the United States,
France. Belgium and Switzerland.

Letters address aid

’ Students on lndlun, Colonial. State
‘und Alumni quads have written 8001c:-
ters to their United States Senators ob-
‘Jecting to Reagan's proposcdilnuncini

Dalton. ' ' T
Neil Brown. Director of StudentHealth
Services,vreacted optimistically to the idea
“of the survey. “if the data in the survey
can help us'in any way to improve the ser-
vices for next fall..terrific." said Brown.

While he believes they are doing the best

' they can to provide quality health services
with limited resources. Brown admitted

V that the inﬁrmary could ‘fuse all the clues
we can get to improve services."

“We are very receptive to working with
the committee to come up with sugges-
tions." said Brown. '

"One thing that concerns all. of us is
how long students have to wait out in the
Waiting room," said Brown. adding that
for that reason he and other members 'of
the staff have been compiling statistics on
visiting trends in the out-patient clinic.

According to Brown. they have been
compiling these statistics on both a mon-
thly and daily basis. and hope to make
physician schedules parallel those trends in
the future. a

An average of about 22.000 visits have
been made to the clinic' in each of the past
three. years. said' Brown. with Mondays
and Fridays accounting for the largest
percentage of.visits.

  

SUNVA'e iniinnary

 

SHARI All!!! UPS

About 22,000 visits are made to the inﬁrmary each year.

Other grievances voiced by students in
the survey deal with cases of misdiagnosis
and impersonal attitudes on the part of the
doctors. Some students complained that
the doctors were not very informative or
that they did not seem very interested.

“When there are four doctors working

on a Friday afternoon with 26 students
waiting. it is very difﬁcult to provide the
personal attention that we would like to,"
said Brown. adding l‘we will probabiy
never be able to provide as much personal
time as we like, but weican certainly try

. 7’

 

" tates Student Association (USSA)
Representative. is bringing the letters
with him to the USSA Washington Con-
ference this weekend. “The letters were
supposed to concede with the USSA
Conference." said Student Associa-
tion's Student Action Chair Stevc
Gawlcy. who coordinated the letter
writing campaign.

Pro-career practicum

Applications are now being accepted
for the 1985 pre-curecr practicum in
mental health offered for the 14th sum-
mer by the New York-‘Corncli Medical
Center's Westchcstcr Division.

The eight wcck program, which
begins June it). is open to college
students and combines structured staff-
supcrvlscd pailcnbdpslgruncnts with pro-
fessionally conducted seminars and
lectures.

The pre-curcer. non-salaried program
is limited to 30 students and eligibility is
determined by demonstrated academic
ability and a required . personal
interview. ’ ,‘

Albany Phone-a-thon

The Albany Area Chapter of the
American Red Cross is conducting a
Phon'e-a-Thon.

Sixty-five percent of the Chapter's in-

come comes from the United Way. The '

remaining 35 percent is raised through
efforts 'such as Phone-a-Thonc. The
goal of this year’s Phone-u-Thon is
$8l,600.

During 1984 Red Cross touched the
lives of over 62.000 people. These peo-
ple included fire victims. blood donors,
service people. and people with high
blood pressure. Ovc 6,600 people learn-
ed CPR and 8,500 were volunteers who
made the other services possible.

Archaeloglcal digs
An urcltneiogical field school at Mon-
ticello. thc home of Thomas Jefferson.
is being sponsored by the Thomas M-
fcrson Memorial Foundation and the
University of Virginia this summer.
Two consecutive three-week seminars
will be offered allowing students to earn
three or six credits. The fieldwork will

area near the mansion which is currently
being restored. Visits to other historic
sites. seminars. laboratory work and
presentations by guest lecturers will be
included.

Tuition is provided by the Thomas
Jefferson Memorial Foundation. Ap-
plications. which are due April 12. l985.
can be obtained by writing it) Robcri S.
Fulchcr. University of Virginia. Divi
sion of Continuing Education. P.().,
Box .1697, Charlottcsvillc. VA 22903.

Vietnam war photos

“Long Tillie Pussing...Victmtm im-
ugcs i963 to 1975” will be the theme of
an exhibit of Vietnam War photographs
to be displayed at the New York State
Victntun War Mcmoriiil beginning in
May. and Vietnam War vcicrnns are be-
ing asked to submit pictures they took
during their service there.

A jurled competition will be held to
select 25 photographs from the entries
for exhibition. Photographs selected for
the show will be on display in thc Vict-
nam Memorial Gallery from May 24 to
July A.

 

 

 

focus ‘on the craftshop/slave quarter

ijtwvwﬁyv‘, g ,y  .,

 

