 

f-‘t Tail—1R“. i‘l‘..\'.".‘.'.'.'. '

 

" ."tf‘. 511311013") .‘( i‘r'J' do"

i’l":"€'ali‘.  1:7," d. \
4"ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY, OCT 0851219, 985

   

By Evan Welssman

Ann Ricito', SUNYA chair of Students
Against Multiple Sclerosis (SAMS) was
one of I49 representatives from American
colleges who appeared on Good Morning
America Monday morning, launching a
campaign to “Bust MS!"

Fucito and the other students spent a
week in Miami at an “intense management
marketing and business
seminar,” said Fucito, to help launch a
year long student campaign against Multi-
ple Sclerosis (MS). The highlight of the
seminar was an unexpected taping of the
opening of the Good Morning America
Show. Fucito was in the second row, en-
thusiastically waving the Albany flag,
shouting “from Miami, Good Morning
America." '

Multiple Sclerosis is a non-genetic
disease, according to Fucito, which affects
adults between the ages of 17 and 34.

According to Jill Cohen, Vice Chair for
SAMS. “we should be the ones aware of
it, because it affects our age group."

MS is one of the major disabling
neurological diseases that affects young
people, according to the National Multiple
Sclerosis society, and every week about
200 new cases are diagnosed, MS is known
to impair coordination and vision, pro-
duce speech and hearing disabilities, and

relations

cause extreme weakness, and sometimes *

paralysis.

During November, students will be ‘4“

entering a rock star look-alike contest

sponsored by MTV for the beneﬁt of .

SAMS, said Fucito. “For the first months
the parties and contests will be only on
each colleges‘ campus,” said Fucito,
"starting with a kickoff party on February
l.’ The group that raises the most money
will be entered in the nationwide contest,
where the winner will be chosen based on
talent.

At the parties. Fucito said, students will
have to pay one dollar to vote for a group
which will represent the University. Other
ways for groups to raise money will be by
having parties of their own. The campus
which raises the most money will hold a
concert on their campus in the Fall of
l986, which will be broadcasted on MTV,
she explained.

MTV will also broadcast the lip-
synching contests finals from eight regions
of the country. “if the fraternities.
sororities, and other recognized groups on
campus become involved in this contest,
competition will be increased," said
Fucito, “and increase our chances to make
the finals." The parties will also be an
alternative to drinking after the drinking
age goes up next month, added Fucito.

 

    
  

 

SAMS Chair Ann Fuclto
Adding to campus life while battling disease.

SUNYA’s SAMS was formed this year.
said Cohen, adding that last year “was a
testing year for the organization and it
proved successful. SAMS is looking for
volunteers, promoters, and advertisers for
the “Rock Look-alike” contest.

One major reason for the creation of
campus groups, according to Clifford
Goldsmith, Chair of the National Board of
Directors for MS, is that ‘ ‘if students knew
about the disease, which affects their age
group, and a disease for which there is no
cure, they would raise money for

 

TANIA STEELE UPS

research." -

“SAMS will be one of the biggest things
on campus,” said Fucito, “It will add to
the life on campus, and build school
spirit.”

The National Multiple Sclerosis Society
was established in 1946. it is “the only
voluntary health agency that supports
scientific research aimed at finding effec-
tive means of preventing and arresting the
disease," according to an MS Society press
release. Ci

Two poly-sci professors to go abroad in spring

By Rene Babich

The Political Science Depart-
ment is looking at some faculty
changes this spring as two of its
professors prepare to go abroad
to complete their research.

Professor Carl Lankowski will
be traveling to Denmark for the
Spring 1986 semester, and Pro-
fessor Ann Sloane will be going to
Japan for the entire year.

According to Martin Edelman,
chair of the political science
department, Malcolm McDowell
will be teaching “European
Politics and the Formulatin of
American Foreign Policy" in the
spring, in place of Lankowski and
sloan. McDowell is presently
finiishing his doctoral sowk at
Boston University.

Lankowski will be going to
Denmark next semester to con-
tinue his research on the develop-
ment of the Green Party.
Lasnkowski began studying the
German Green Party in 1984.

The Green Party is a minority
organization which was formed in
reaction to the GErman govern-
ment's neglect of certain political
issues. explained Lankowski.
“The problem with Germany is
that it is too good. it lost its
political flexibility because it con-
centrated on economic and export
abilities and neglected other
aspects of political develop-
ment," he said.

The Green Party has become
influential in Germany,
Lankowski said. because they
were able to secure enough votes
inorder to gain seats in Parlia-
ment and become a balance of
power, he said.

According to Lankowski, the
Green Party has drawn attention

to issues like feminism. ecology,-

and the anti-nuclear movement in
Germany and Western Europe.
While in Denmark, Lankowski
said he will be teaching courses on
New Social Movements in
Europe. He explained that he will
obtain his information directly
from tliefparty by becoming a
‘fGreen,-" Barnacle," which in-
volves attending meetings and
social functions and traveling

with the party in order to get ﬁrst-
hand information.

Lankowski said he shose to do
his research in Denmark because
“Denmark is a cleaner case than
Germany. The Nordic states are
smaller and easier to study. The
social problems are cleaner and its
easier to make a comparison and
to find out if Germany is unique,
or advanced."

Sloan’s purpose in trasveling to
Japan is to study the Japanese
perception of the Soviet nuclear
threat.

Sloan said she will be conduc-
ting oral interviews with members
of the Japanese government and
other members of the Liberal
Democratic Party.

Currently, the Japanese have a
very small defense force because
of their security arrangement with
the United States, Sloan said.
“Under their constitution, that
was written by the U.S., they are
precluded from having an army,”
she said.

There is growing pressure in
Jaspan, as well as the U.S. to
change the constitution as it is
economically costly for the U.S.
to be obligated to defend them in
case of attack.

“Within the party, the re-
militarization of Japan is a very
hot issue. The Socialist Party
wants to stay de-militarized,"
Sloan said.

The question of re-
militarization has become greater
because of the increased Soviet
threat to Japan, said Sloan. The
Japanese did not have a peace
treaty with the Soviet Union after
World War ii, and there is agita—
tion between the two nations
because of the Soviet occupation
at the islands North of Japan
from Hokniddo to Sakhalin, she
explained.

Off the coast of Japan, the
Soviets' surface and nuclear sub-
marines have increased. said
sloan, adding that she would like
to discover how much the
Japanese feel they can count on
the U.S. to defend them in casse
of attack. ,

“Re-militarization is such a
sticky political topic. People will

be very reluctant to voice opi-
nions as far as politicians are con-
cerned," said Sloan, adding that
genral citizens are more likely to
speak frely while politicians will
be more cautious.

Both Lankowski and Sloan will
be continuing research that they
have alreadyObegun. Sloan will be

away for one year and is alwo
working one ompleting a book
called Arms Race and Arms con-
trol: Illusions Behind the Reality
of US - Sow'et Strategic Relations.

Lankowski will be in Denmark
for 8 months, where he will be ad-
ding to a series of articles he has
already published.

According to Edelman, both
Lankowski W‘Sldan’s leaves
have not been officially approV<
ed. Authorization‘from Executive
Vice President for Academic AF-
fairs Judth Ramaley is still pen-
ding. “The approval is a technic-
sality; I see no reason to expect
her to say no,“ Edelman said. El

 

Administrator who rates public colleges
leaves SUNYA off his list of ‘lvy Leagues’

By Peter Sands
STAFF WRITER

Students can get lvy League-quality educations
for one-third the tuition costs at a number of
highly-rated public universities, according to a
newly<published book by a college admissions ex-
pert, but SUNYA apparently didn't make the
grade.

Moll, who is dean of admissions at the University
of Califomia-Santa Cruz, used a four part system
to grade the public universities. Admissions select-
vity, quality of undergraduate programs, emphasis
on the liberal arts, resources (money). and
“folklore” about each school are the major criteria
bv which Moll measured the schools.

“Many students are looking at public colleges.
where the tuition‘hasn’t gone sky high. as alter-
natives to costly private mstitutions,” 'said Moll.

The annual cost of attending Harvard 'and Yale,
for instance, is more than $15,000, according to a
recent College Board report.

At many public universities. on the other hand,
“Both quality and prestige are on the rise," Moll
said, while annual costs are less than $10,000.

Moll visited public campuses nationwide. he said,
ranking how their costs, student populations,
academic environments, ﬁnancial resources, and
school histories compare to lvy League colleges.

His picks for lvy League-quality public schools
include‘: the universities of Vermont. Michigan,
Virginia. the College of William and Mary, the
l4~campus Unviersity of Texas system, Miami of
Ohio, North Carolina-Chapel Hill, and the eight-
campus University of California system.

“We're not trying to make any statement about
which of those is the best," Moll said. noting that
all of the public universities he selected are as good
as or better than private, lvy League schools.

He also compiled a “best 0 the rest" list of
schools which. although not as good as those on the
ﬁrst list. are still comparable to lvy Leu’guc colleges.

Moll's “best of the rest" include the Universtiy
of Colorado, Georgia Tech. the University of ll-
linois. New College of the University of South

 

Florida, Penn State, the University of Pittsburgh,

the University of Washington, the University of
Wisconsin, and also SUNY-Binghamton.

The Public Ivy’s published earlier this year, rates
public universities throughout the country against
the same standards that have made private univer-
sities considered to be elite."

“A lot of research can be done by materials
available. it’s not that difficult to ﬁnd profiles of
freshmen classes, financial statements, and actual
proﬁles of courses of study offered," said Moll.
“Then i did campaigns of both calls and visitations
to individuals in higher education whom i respect,
who are college watchers, and i did a great deal of
discussion with high school guidance counselors,
who in my view became the most valuable resource
in sort of a subjective appraisal of the public institu-
tions," he added.

Moll declined to name any of these “college wat-
chers" or guidance counselors, and added. “l'm
not going to make comment, quite frankly. on the
institutions that did not make the list." including
SUNYA he said.

Moll did most of his research from the conﬁnes
of his office at Santa Cruz, compiling information
that became the basis for the two lists, a group of
ivy-League quality schools, and a “best of the rest”
group. SUNY-Binghamton is the only school in the
SUNY system that made either list. it is listed in the
“best of the rest."

"For all of my eight primary choices, i spent. oh.
five days to a week on each campus. and on the
whole many of the institutions speak for
themselves." said Moll. For the nine runners-up. he
added, “1 did what Ed Fisk does, he's the Educa-
tion editor for the New York Times, who wrote a
selected guide to colleges. i sent a similar packet of
questionnires to people on campus. However. in
Binghamton's case i did visit." But Moll added that
c has visited SUNYA in the past also.

Binghamton was chosen as one of the runners-up
for its strong tradition of liberal arts, Harper Col-
lege. good admissions selectivity. an “intensity of
undergraduate education" and a “nice campus am-
bience." Moll said. A “landslide” response. from
area ' counselors was also cited.

 

 

 

 

  

.47.-..-

wssmv. esteem 29.19.65. 13 worm/pram “3555 5.

campetition provides impetus to be neighborly

9. Linda Greenberg
s-mr-rwnmn _ ,

Hoping to improve student-community
relations, the Off-Campus Association
(OCA) has started a “Neighborhood
Outreach Competition” among Student
Association recognized groups.

The year-long competitionis a joint pro-
ject of OCA/and the Stacker Voice which
“will determine which club. fraternity, or

organization in contributed .most to the
community,” said Jon Harrison, chair of
OCA.

The OCA newspaper Downtown will
periodically publich what groups are doing
forthe competition in order to publicize
the event.

“I foresee that fraternities will want to
get involved in this competition," said
Harrison, adding-that “it is written in

 

ocn Chair‘Jon autumn
Trophies and plaques will be awarded to Albany’s “best neighbors. "

TANIA STEELE UPS

 

By Jim Thompson
STAFF WRITER

About 430 SUNYA students are ex.
pected to comptete in the “Survival
Game", at new twist to hide-and-seek, to
be held over three consecutive
weekends. V

l30 students have already participated
in the ﬁrst game a week ago Saturday,
according to David Goldman, a
representative for the Survival Game.
“The student turnout has been very en-
couraging," he said, adding that the top
two teams from each weekend will be
eligible for the playoffs to be held Sun-
day, November 2.

The Survival Game has been open to
students in past years. but only on an in-
dependent basis. This semester is the
ﬁrst time it has been organized on cam-
pus. “This is a national game," said
Goldman. “these contests are played all
over the country at different levels."
Goldman and Mitchell Gerber are the
representatives for Albany under
Thomas Teal who directs this section of
the New York game.

the cost to enter is $l4 for each person
which includes a gun. a round of am-
munition, protective goggles and three
games. The price also includes a bus trip
to Pittsfield, Massachusetts where the
games are played on a 30 acre field.

The game is played by two teams,
each consisting of about 16 to 20
players, male or female. The object is to
capture the other teams' flag. return to
your base and fly it there, which is
worth 25 points plus one additional
point for each member still “alive”.

If a flag is not captured within an
hour a draw is declared. Ten points are
awarded for the first captured flag plus
the remaining members. After three
games are completed the points are
totaled and the winning team
announced.

 

Survival Game reps organize to
lure “ college "players nationWide '

Some problems do arise when the red
paint pellets used to distinguish between
those “dead” and those “alive” do not
break. “We work ' on the honor
system," said Goldman. “we simply ask
whoever was not hit to raise their hand.
We have had no problems so far."

There are also four or five judges on
the playing field to keep track of ﬂags,
questionable hits, and to insure all
players keep their goggles on. Removal
of goggles is an automatic dismissal
from the game.

The most serious injury so far has oc-
curred when a player received a black
eye after he removed his goggles to clean
them. “The risk of injury is very low
and the referees keep a close watch."
Goldman said. Although the paint
pellets do sting. since they are propelled
by carbon dioxide cartridges, bruises are
the worst that can be expected. he
added. ‘ ’

“The strategies are many and
varied," said Goldman. “some prefer to
rush the opponents flag with all twenty
players while others prefer to send out
parties of five. Different groups use dif-
ferent tactics."

According to Goldman, the purpose
of the Survival Game, which is pro-
moted by the SUNYA investors Club,
has often been misunderstood. “The
only purpose of the game is for fun and
excitement." he said referring to the
idea that the game might be some type
of combat preparation.

Part of the profits made from the Sur-
vival Game goes to the salary for nation-
wide representatives like Golman and
the rest goes to the investors Club.
Goldman said that there is a set amount
that must be paid to the Survival Game

 

and the cost of the games are set

.11 

 

 

fraternities' charters to have community

‘ events."

Mark Nello, chair of the Community
Service committee for Tau Kappa Epsilon
('I‘KE) fraternity agreed, saying that it “is
in our charter and we are thinking about
getting involved.”

The entry date for the competition is
January 31. THere is no fee to enter and
applications may be picked up in the SA
ofﬁce.

At the end of the spring semester, “an
impressive trophy will be awarded to the
most deserving group. Mayer Whalen will
be present at the ceremony and President
Vincent O’Leary will give the winner the
trophy.” Harrison said.

OCA also has other projects aimed at
bettering riations with the Albany com-
munity, especially in the Pine Hills area,
where many SUNYA students live. They
are distributing emergency stickers to Pine
Hills residents, which include phone
numbers for the fire department, and
police department, and a special OCA
Hotline. “THis telephone hotline is 'a
neighborhood resource for non-student,”
said Harrison.

“OCA has set up this mediator position
to resolve conflicts between neighbors and
students," Harrison said. “For example,
if neighbors have a problem about gar-
bage, they can call the hotline instead of
making a formal complaint to the City
Housing Department," he added.

in this way, complaints will hopefully be
handled before they become publicly visi-
ble to the rest of the community,he
explained.

Students Dsave Jakob and David Gould
said they felt that the OCA hotline would
provide a beneﬁcial service for the com-
munity. “The idea is good so far as it is a
practical one,” Jakob said, but, he added,
“1 don’t know how much it will be used by
area resdents.’-'

“It’s a good idea if it works," Gould
said, but “Residents must use this service
in order for it to be effective.”

The Good Neighbor Program is another
OCA project which emphasizes improving
student-community relations.

According to Harrison, the Good
Neighbor Program is “an awareness pro-
gram which will hopefully facilitate better
relations. If you’re living in violation (of
the grouper law), then you should be a
good neighbor because the Housing
Department is looking for complaints
about students," he said.

OCA is not looking “for people who are
simply ﬁolating the grouper law; they are
looking for violators who are not respec-
ting their neighbors rights and are
violating other city laws as well, such as
noise or garbage,” Harrison said.

“OCA is having san on-going battle to
get students to join their Neighborhood
ASsociations. The membershipfee is any
$3.00 per year,” said Harrison. He added
that joining a Neighborhood ASsociation
“is the best way that students can chantge
their neighbors’ opinions of them and the
irnagte of all students. Students should go
to their Neighborhood ASsociation and
show area residents that youc sare about
your neighbrohood,” he asserted.

Senior Susasn Breyer said she felt that
“OCA's projects are very worthy, and
they should encourage more students to
get involved int heir organization.”

Currently, OCA membership cards are
given out at different events and “act
somewhat like tax stickers for off-csampus
students in that they csan get discounts on
events such as Dippikill,” said Harrison.

OCA’s most recent successful event was
the “OCA-ch Clean-up,” said Harrison,
“in which lnter-Fratemity Council and the
Off-Campus Associastion cleaned up
Hudson St. between Partridge St. and
Quail St., where masny students reside. El

LADIES AND
GEN TLEMEN . . .
Wednesday is

Aim. -' - l ._

'Hlbony'si HéWest‘aijorgcst Dance Club ,

v-IVOC'lijt'oDrj‘inks --Sl .00 9-_l,Z'F6r L'odiesonl'y

 '  VHSchmi D-rciwin'grrl   - 
I 5-100 Gin Certificate ~ Merry-GOEROhnd
.. » ' . .‘ ' (Crossgotes Moili »

 

 

