 

t

 

CI»:

3"?ﬂr-Jl.

: Easzira“ k .13-

 

' : amusemime; j ’  v -'

 

 

Now you mu 1 .iplurv all Ilia "tutti luvitn: giants-sf
with Karl." iiltll \’l< mu lilm. I,\'i‘ll in Hllililll l’ l

     

_ til' with sttiitlt'tiLitult‘i-inI-nl. ll". Iln- must
,. t’t't‘ullllt'ttllttl prini lilili't'vt‘i'lliilll Kodak.
Alli-I .til.‘ltr". not just .tnullu-r [tn-tiyim in

 

WM,

   

l‘lu‘ twinkle in iii}. vyv. 'l'lii.- l’l'lllkll' nl his "use. ' ‘ ‘

 

",|I,I.

 

 

 

 

. 9-

..eaggk arr-o .4. 4,...

,Nyntao menisci mm amekt :1 College painted
their enthusiasm. It paid oft w an ac won the annual

$4 Wants-icemmittedto sshake,_
sit-legendrouzrc social 5  

. ' . l ' Stony-"Brook and the
many points between‘ ere still enjoying '
theitigelyes and theirstggethe‘ . ' .

The’ﬁo'enegwas the annual Spring Conference of
the New Yorksrl’uhlieglaterest Research Group
(NYPlRG). a statewide consumer and environmen-
tal lobby group, funded and governed by college.
students, and the largest organization of its kind in.

‘ the state. . ,

~“The theme ‘of this conference is Student Ac-
tivisim in 1985: A New ,Committment. it could not

be more timely. in the seven‘years l have worked -

for NYPIRG. lcan’t think ofa period withamore:
desperate need for students to work for social
change." began Program Director Gene Russianoff

‘ .in his speech Saturday morning at the.1 conference's

opening. ‘ .

The policies of.both the Reagan’admipistration in 3
Washington V and New York Governor Mario
Cuemo were attacked and debated at the various
events held Ln the LC’s. ~

Russianof f referred to a recent meeting between
the president and his cabinet officials. saying. "He
(Reagan), told them he was deteLnslned to win his
program in his second administration. He said he

-- wanted them to “Shake. Rattle.-and-Roil.,’. 'l

- "Now isn't that a’elassic?” Russianoft‘ asked the
audience. “There he goes again stealing metaphors
— like FDR and the New Deal —- that hat/e zero to
do with who he is and what he represents."

'.‘ ‘Shalte, Rattle and Roll,’ as if he were the
apostle of sex. drugs. and rock-and-roll." scoffed
Russlsnoff. .

V “Here in Albany." Ruuianoff continued. “we
have an administration that's been great on rhetoric I
and short on results. it's not enough to talk about
the homeless. and the need to clean up hazardous

' waste."

Russianoff recalled a NYPIRG victory that hap-
pened about the time he had loinedlthe organiza’
tion. New York had lust passed the Truth-in-
Testing Law requiring that answers of standardized
tests be given to people who took the test;

"Every time some smart-assed high school stu-
dent flnds an Incorrect SAT question and gets

Educational Testing Service to, re-gradel 300.000

Inner contest.

 sans min a

the abroup's logo on their cheeks Sun

o‘SULLlVAN ASP
day to show

ijuesday

March 5, 1985

NUMBER 9

,. Business i booming
: vat-SA’s new test bank

. By PeterSands
Student Associatibn’s Test
Bank is doing “far better than
_ expected" and nearly paid for
its initial‘costs in the ﬁrst ten
. «' hours it was open. according to
' Academic Affairs Committee

‘ Chair Mike Miller.

The test bank. located no.

to the SA Contact Ofﬁce in the

Campus Center opened last'

week and will remain open for

‘ one month” on a conditional

 basis. said Miller. after which
he will make a recommenda-
tion to Central Council to
either continue or drop the pro-
gram. if the program is drop-
ped. the exams may be donated
to the library, said Miller. who
added. “it doesn't look like it
will happen though."

Since the test bank opened,
70-different students bought
over 80 packets of exams. he
said. “it's just mushrooming.”
said Bob Pac'enza Vice-Chair
of. the Academic Affairs
Committeew ‘

- . ing .. to: Miller. the

Jamaica calnstouw I ~   ,. acquiesce. 
the very possibility stratigraphicw

give Students quality service _at

V ~ . za‘lo‘typriceriltpacitet'deexams

m.
One of' NYPiRG's greatest assets. he stated-
“ e‘wnvolved. "We have each other. _ I
community df activists. Social change can be slow
and frustrating. we all make mistakes and

sometimes'it can be painful. But it is also rewarding '

and it is unbelievable fun.“

“in 1985. students must renew their committ—
mcnt to take'on the burns and villains and power

brokers who would grant tax abatements to the rich '
while abandoning the homeless. who would shut
the victims of toxic substances out of court. who
would continue to allow cur‘wate'r and ‘air' tame"

poisoned in the name of progress without reason."

Russianoff declared. .

“We talk. about being non-partisan; that's.;not.
just a phrase, that's not a convenient expression.'.'

said NYPIRG Executive'Director Tom Wathen.

who spoke at a later session of the conference".
NYPlRG works to empower citizens. he said. by

working on voter registration reform and the

Freedom of lnfonnation

Act among other .

measures, because. “in many cases they (political
parties) have failed" to address these issues.
Non-partisanship means one other thing. Wathen
said. referring to former Vice Presidential can-
didate Geraldine Ferraro's commercial for Pepsi-
Cola and former Senate Majority Leader Howard
Baker's endorsement of USA Today. “it means not
getting trapped into what is trendy.."
Paraphraslpg a. magazine ad. Wathen said
NYPlRCi members are people who are concerned
about today's society. willing to work to make
tomorrow better. and realistic enough to know that
things won't change overnight. “if the‘answer-to
that is yes. then youire an A-person. an activist."

.he told the cheering audience.

“I’d say this is one of the best conferences that
l've ever been to. the level of excitement and the
level of learning were both‘very high." said Project
Coordinator at SUNYA'Et'rem Kann.

“Most people." he added. “came away from the
conference with a renewed committment for the
work that they‘re doing on their campuses and a

sense of shared effort."

“One of the most moving events was the Public
Citizens Award which is given yearly by NYPIRO."

Kann said.

i

11>

“costs a student around 8 cents a
.pag'e...yvhich isysed to cover the
costs of production .I'Any excess
monies made will be put back
into the Bank. and for a limited
time. the Test Bank is accepting
exams from students and giving
"gift certificates" of an equal
number of free pages to the
number of pages donated.

Miller declined to specify
how long the gift certiﬁcates
will be available, except to say
that it probably won’t be for
long:

Some students have com-
plained because they say pro-

' fessors will be more likely to
change their exams now. but
Miller said he doesn't feel this
is a serious enough complaint.
.“We've had a mo percent
positive response.” he said.
Business at the Test Bank has
been so good that Eric
Schwartzman. Assistant Con-
troller said. “They could end
up pushing me out of business
in here.”

Many professors are so
pleased with the idea that they
have actually sent packets of
their exams to the Test Bank.
“Economics. finance. and
geology profs have called in."
said Miller. adding that others
have promised to send packets
soon. :‘lt's finally being realiz-
ed how important this is." he.
said. “The Delta Sigma :Pi'

circulate illegally." said Miller.
referring to last semester's
allegations that the fraternity
had a secret test bank'of their
own. Miller and many faculty
members are hoping that a
public test bank will give all

students an equal chance.
“We're encouraging them to
give their classmates an even
‘ 11>

Corporate. recruiters seeking

liberal. arts ,majors’ versatility

By Carrie E. Diamond
First ofza two-part series V_
Liberal Arts majors may not
have the corporate persona many
business majors strive for. but
that doesn't necessarily make
them any less likely to receive job
offers from company recruiters

For the national
view-on this Issue

seepage six

————————.—
According to many professors
and career counselors. there are
many other areas of study that
can well prepare a person for a
career in business. They say that a
liberal arts education., while
scorned by some. is becoming
recognized as an invaluable step
towards a successful future.
especially in the business fields.
"A liberal arts graduate can be
very successful. They have
developed good interpersonal
communication skills. and have
been exposed to a broader range
of disciplines. philosophies. and

who visit the Universit'.

ideas which will help them
become more adaptable in a
changing world." said Gardy Van
Soest. director of the Career
Planning and Placement Center.
He added that “Many companies
are cognizant of this fact."

By concentrating on a speciﬁc
discipline. and paying little atten-
tion to more people-related sub-
jects. business majors often have
a narrow scope of experience.
said Van Soest.

Paul Wallace, Acting Dean of
Humanities. agreed. saying.
"Business majors have narrowed
themselves to such a degree. that
frankly. they have become
uninteresting."

Business. according to Wallace.
is essentially a field requiring a
basic knowledge of people. which
a business oriented education
alone does not provide. “A
liberal arts education gives a per-
son a sensitive understanding to
other people and cultures. a view

that is larger than their own

careers. Essentially it creates a
person with a better understan-
ding of morals and ethics. who
would make a better society. The
kind of person who would think

Oh

 

