Apple II

The Apple II is the grandparent ofthe personal computer industry. Eight years
old. the Apple Ii is the oldest design that's still popular, particularly in the
classroom.

liecause of its age and long-running popularity, more progratns have been
written for Apple [is than any other computer. it's easy to use because its
operating system and BASIC language are essentially cotnbined. You can get
most applications to run without
knowing much about the computer
itself.

iiut old age brings problems, too.
The Apple ii was conceived when a
little memory seemed like a lot and
when any speed at all was fast. ‘I‘oday
it is easily outwitted by competitors.

Apple gives you a choice of two
models that share the same operat-
ing systents (Apple DOS and Pro
DOS) and software- the lie and the
llc.

‘I‘he lie is distinguished by versatility. it allows you to add in a variety of
expansion cards to customize your system or increase its power~—up to its
modest [.28 kilober memory limit.

The lie is both more portable and simpliﬁed. The full extent of He power is
btlilt into it so you never need add anything more—~nor can you make addi-

APPLE Ilc

IBM PC

The IBM PC is the dominant mem-
ber of a whole clan ofcomputers that

use the MS D05 (or PC DOS) oper-

ating system. These MS DOS com~

puters have become the business ex-

ecutive‘s choice becattse of IBM's

influence—after all. the company

does make about 70% of the free

world's mainframe computers.

iBM's engineers carefully eye-
balled the Apple [I and designed
their PC around its concepts while
updating it with a faster brain and more memory capacity.

The IBM PC and its clones are indeed powerful. capable of handling 640
kilobytes of memory (and more with recent addons). Although hardly the
fastest personal computer in the world, it has set the performance standard.

Its popularity in the business world has proven a big incentive for program
writers. Hence. you'll ﬁnd more business-related programs and language avail
able in MS DOS than any other operating system. The IBM PC is, in fact.
powerful enough to handle most mainframe languages including the ubiqui-
tous FORTRAN and COBOL, as well as such new favorites as Pascal. Modula 2.
C. Forth, API. and PL/I—and even classroom Logo.

lixpandability and variety are perhaps the key to the success of the IBM PC
and MS DOS. As with the Apple, you can connect literally anything to one

tions.

(including the proverbial kitchen sink and other plumbing ﬁxtures).

The biggest strength of both machines is the variety of software and accesso-

MacINTOSH

ries available. You can connect iust about any printer, any tnodetn to one —with
the appropriate adapters. Word processors. databases and spreadsheets
abound. A wide programming language selection is available for these Apples.
missing only mainfntme compiled languages like FORTRAN and COBOL.

Because these Apples are used extensively in education. they are the top
choices if you've chosen a career in teaching. Ifyou're planning on the busi‘
ness world. however. an IBM PC is a better choice.

Macintosh

The Macintosh is a compelling computer. designed to be the ultimate in ease
of use. You don‘t have to speak a word of computerese to get it going—just
move a screen pointer to the symbol indicating what you want to do by rolling a
"mouse" across your desktop.
The Mac's design is so clever. engineers at rival companies are ripping olf its
features for their own machines.

Unfortunately. the machine does
not live up to its potential. Despite
having a powerful microprocessor,
the Mac's thinking abilities are se-
verely litnited by its cost-cutting de-
sign. lior most functions. it's slower
than what should be a less powerful
computer. the IBM PC.

The Mac has not made it In the
business world for reasons which
range from the stupid (executives
don't have the same faith in the Apt
pie name as they do in IBM) to the
practical (it‘s slow. unexpandable.
uses only its own accessories and has
a limited—but fast growing—soft-
ware supply).

In truth. the Mac can do about any-
thing any other personal computer
can. probably easier, and likely slow»
er. Using a Mac. particularly one with
only 128 kilobytes of memory, can
often be frustrating. If you choose to
buy a Mac. insist on the 512K model.

Alas. the added power and versatil-
ity has its price. A typical MS DOS
system might cost $2000. However.
there are a few bargains.

The PCir, although no longer man-
ufactured, is still available from IBM
at prices even better than the
$900 (with color monitor) which
made it last Christmas's top~selling
computer. Although limited in abili«
ties compared to fullsize MS DOS
machines, it's a good entry into the
IBM world that will handle college
level word processing and BASIC
programming with ease.

It will not, however. run the more
powerful compiled programming
languages. The disks you use and the
programs you write with a I’Cir will
be nearly completely compatible
with bigger IBM-style machines.

Another inexpensive way to enter
the world of MS D05 is the The
'I‘andy 1000 from Radio Shack. now
priced below $1000. Its primary dis-
advantage ls a lack of expandability
using products designed to plug in»
side the IBM PC.

Complete. full-size and full-power
compatible computers are available
from dozens of manufacturers be-
sides iBM.

If you need a computer for an ad-
vanced degree or are working In a
scientific field—particularly com-
puter science—you’ll probably want
to hold out for a full-blown PC. or
one of the newer, more powerful
(and consequently more expensive)
models, like the IBM Personal Com-
puter AT.

October 1985

Juniors, Seniors, Graduate Students

Apply for at Sears Credit Card now— while you’re still in school
The Sears Credit Card is one of the most

valuable cards a student could have. Aside .
ﬁomlwmedwteumamm SEA/RS 
Account could be your ﬁrst step in estab- '
lishing a credit history - to help you get the
credit you’ll need after you leave school. It's
easier to get at Sears Credit Card than you
might think. Ifyou are a responsible person H L E H | s
with the ability to pay your bills. Sears 00”
believes you deserve credit and will handle

“-
credit with care.
TO APPLY, MAIL THE APPLICATION BELOW OR CALL TOLL-FREE 1800-3236274
(IN ILLINOIS CALL 1-800-942-7446.) SORRY. N0 TELEPHONE APPLICATIONS TAKEN FROM ALASKA.
Fill In this application and bring It to “cum Convenient:- Canto: 0! your nearby Sun Sim. Or told, all and mu.

Roebuck and Co. Credit Account
Finance charges not In on
PLEASE INDICATE BELOW NAME IN WHICH ACCOUNT IS TO BE CARRIED. COURTESY TITLES ARE OPTIONAL—PLEASE PRINT

 

 

D 00000 00000 D

AT

__-—_—_—_—-_-—_--
Ampersand 98-36 .

L‘IMR. CIMRS UMISS I]

' 200’s storage
on modules. up

you your

Soc Sm: '
Nu- _. __ _.._ _Aa
Am you a 9
States citizen
OW ("IUD
PreunlAddruaS“_0wniiJ Rent-Furnluhnd‘ti Ronl-Uniumtahuuil [Jamal] Ltvuwnh Pamntsii

e Tandy 200

m i at your nearby
)omputer Center,

:tore or dealer.

whack”

ology Store”

'ANDV CORPORATION

._,_.____ Clly and

3|!qu Address.—

I
Occuuntlon L—__~_._ . Wuukly i i
(Take-Homo) Pay

 

BALANCE

 

 

Authorlzud Buyer
MITIIA was

x slamrune or mourn m  W _ ﬁ_
“Bull '0 PAY Fol ALL CHARGED IO "1! ACCOUNT IN ECONDANCI WHN VIII 'ERMB OF "(E

 

Note: Addlional lniotmatlon may be toquirod by Seats to process this Sears Credit Account Agreement application. New York and Ohio Residents. $39 Notlco on “WWW
MotsTEN NEH!

.~.

 

 

