  

 

By Cathy Errig
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

“Sure, l'm a competitive person. l'm:
competitive because l'm a winner. 1 think
all non-competitive people are that way
because in the past they weren’t winning
much."

That mental attitude, his experience.
and his Olympic Team shirt will be Andy‘
Seras' prime weapons this weekend as he‘
takes on the best of Division l wrestling in
the NCAAs.

“This match will be one big mind
game," says Seras. “Can you imagine the.
effect my Olympic shirt will have on the,
competition? And being 22 and a senior.
_ .» . s ' .

 

Andy Seras will be vying to become the second Alban

 

makes me one of the most experienced
wrestlers of the tournament.”

Seras’ age and class standing are not the
only factors that will make him among the
most experienced wrestlers in Oklahoma
City. This is the third time Seras has
qualified for the Division 1 NCAAs which
is an unprecedented accomplishment for
an Albany State athlete. it is also an ac-
complishment of which few people realize
the true significance. ..

“it would be like Dan Croutier going up
against Pat Ewing or Greg Hart against
Walter Berry," says Seras. “People
around here just don’t understand the'
magnitude of what We done." '

I . '

 

 
  

MARCH 15. I985

y ‘to finish career

What he has done.

Four SUNYAC titles. A four-time Ail-
American._A 1984 Olympic alternate. And
the i985 NCAA Division lll Champion.

An impressive list of "2complishments
for an athlete college recruiters barely
noticed five years ago.

“A 90-13 varsity high school record.
(compiled at Niskayuna High under Coach
.loe Berra), and a fourth-coach place finish
in the States didn’t make me a hot pro-
spect," says seras. “And in States as.a
senior, l lost in the semis to the eventual
champion. He was highly favored; i didn't
get any breaks."

‘He rebounded by raking the i8 and-

  

 

 

 

held in Oklahoma City, starts today and ends Saturda .

Crew undertaken as the start of new tradition

By Adam S. Engle
I'RUIH't'IiUN MANAGER ,

The waters of rowing tradition iti
Albany run deep.

The late l860‘s saw the formation of
four rowing Clubs, two in Albany tutti two
in Troy. Oiic of these. the Mutual Bout
(‘lub‘of Albany. had won nine national
championships by i890. Due to im-
proprictous gambling and untoward itc-
livities in the early 1900’s, the real for row-
ing in the capital district waned.

The latest chapter in the history of row-
ing in Albany is devoted to the Albany
State Crcw. Formed iii the fall of 1984. it
was the brainchild, about five years ago.
of Lewis Swyer, head of Swyer Construc-
tion and Chairman of the Saruioga Perfor-
ming Arts Center. lie wanted to start a
crew ill Albany State bccttusc rowing is a
“great sport for SUNY." suys Swyer.

One of the biggest movers in the
resurgence of rowing in Albany is a rcsi-
dent in psychiatry at Albany Medical Col-
lege. Neil Kaye. Dr. Kaye, who is in charge
of referees for the Northeast Region of the
United States Rowing Association. found-
ed the Skidniorc Crew while it sophomore
there.

Or. Kaye is primarily involved in bring-
ing rowing buck to Albany on competitive
and recreational levels. So wily a crew lit
SUNYA? “Because Union and Skidinorc
already have crews, SUNY was tltc next
logical team to row," said Dr. Kaye. “it’s
the Albany school."

Currently. the Albany State crew is coin-

UPS
y State athlete to earn Division I All-American status. The tournament,

 

 

“One of the city’s
goals would be to
bring intercollegiate
rowing back to the

Hudson. ’ ’
——Mayor Thomas Whalcn

 

prised of 25 tiicn and 15 women, and one
very dedicated. devoted coach. That titan
is Jeff Schal‘cr. Conch Schafer rowed for
Syracuse. finishing no lower than third

place in the intercollegiate Rowing
Association Championships. He won thir-
teen medals iii the Empire State Games.
and coached Liverpool High School crews
to two national championships and one se-
cond place finish in I984.

Conch Schnl'er says that starting it col-
lcge rowing team from scratch is certainly
ti challenge. None of his oursnien have had
previous experience. biit the ones he's got
are “all really into it." This was proved
last winter when the Albany State rowers
posted ti fifth place finish out of sixty
schools ctitercd in an indoor. simulated
rowing endurance competition.

Although an interest meeting was held
last. fall. at least half of the ourunien

became aware of the new team bccttusc of

the location of the crew room. Sittiatcd
directly between the men's lockerrooni and
the weight rooms. the crew room, with its
three odd-looking rowing machines. culled
crgometers, attracted many curious
onlookers.

Many rowers come from other sports
disciplines. such as swimming and biking.
.iunior Fred Gonchcr was a litcrossc
plnyer. Goncher says that unlike other
sports he’s participated in, crew is a “self-
discipiinc sport." He also likes the idea of
starting ti new team. “it feels good. it feels
like we're starting it tradition.”

Sophomore Jennifer i'ltutscn joined the
team by chance, She was playing iii-
tromural basketball, when Coach Scliafer
went looking for women to participate in
the indoor competition. She likes the idett
of “setting a standard for future ycitrs."

 

  

the Final Four _
for the Redm‘en
See page 14 .

  

 

 

 

Andy Seras to compete inD‘ivision l' NCAAs-
Wrestler heads to Oklahoma Cit

tinder elite Greco-Roman team-winning
two national titles. He also intensiﬁed his
training, making twice-daily workouts his
regimﬁi. An increase in strength was the
result. a result that enabled Seras to drop
down from l60 pounds to- 134 for his
freshman year at Albany State.

Seras‘ freshman wrestling season was,
up until the final match, everything
anyone could have hoped for. A i6<0-l
duel meet record and becoming the first
Albany State freshman ever to win a

SUN‘YAC title were the beginning. MVP, ,

All-American honors and a second-place
finish at the NCAAs, the highest Albany
finish in nearly a decade, were the rest. 'A
one point overtiine loss in the ﬁnals, due to
a reversal called at the buzzer, took the ti-
tle from Seras’ hands.

Seras’ sophomore year was, as he puts
it, “an injury year." A season that began
iO-O-i was halted in January when Seras

' ‘ suffered from a severe chariey horse, an

injury that caused him to miss ten duel
matches. .

. “i felt so stupid." says Seras, “you
know, everybody asks you ‘what’s wrong’
and you say you have a Charley horse. But
it was no joke, i had a huge 12 inch black
and blue mark." '

' in attempting to come back, Seras
dislocated his collar bone, an injury that

“should have kept him out of' the
SUNYACs that year. ‘
“That injury happened on February 1st,
and the doctors told me l'd have to sit out
for six,weeks. SUNYACs were on the
eighthand ninth. i still wrestled, though,
and won my second title." " .

' Three days before the NCAAs, another
injury, this time strained three 'knee
ligaments, hit Seras. . a 

“it was unreal,” he says. “All the in-
juries were on my right side. i was almost
completely immobilized."

The NCAAs were over for Seras in Elie

‘ 1 >

For .iohn Francis. a senior. the motiva—_
tion was different. He had built his own
rowing board for use on Lake George. He
wanted to learn better technique. The idea
of starting a team was “not really a big ap-
peal." His feelings have changed cori-
siderably since last fall. “We now relate as
it team. We know each other's strengths
and weaknesses." he says.

Coach Schul‘cr is the prime motivator on
the team. in addition to being teacher and
friend. He does not only supervise prac-
tice. he participates. “it helps out that i
work out with them." According to Fred
Goncher, Schat‘er is in the crew room eight
to nine hours each day, and doing a good
job. “He helps out. but we're self-
motivated."

“it’s not like this is my job." is the way
junior onrswomen Barbara Mungcrian
describes Schul‘cr’s attitude towards
coaching crew. Mangcriun added. “He
just wants to do it."

The enthusiasm for the crew comes from
outside the University community as well.
Dr. Kiiyc has been. according to oarsmun
Francis. “tin incredible catalyst." Kuye
has elicited the support of David
llodgdon. the secretary of the Orgttnlztu
tion of Adirondack Rowers and Scuilers
(().A.R.S.). Hodgdon lends moral support
to the team and to Coach Schufer because
they tire “the new guy on the block."

The team has also received financial
support in the form fo two new. graphite-
lincd racing shells. Each shell. 64 feet legs.

5

Three more toe:-

 
 
 

i.‘

 

f"
i...

cease t5 7

.The Ides of Friday, March 15, 1985

 

 

tic'pc’EleRS

'*  At 11:30 tonight, this, mild-mannered Theater
5 Studies Major will become a work of art. .
‘ ' How. could" this happen? '
Find out'on page two.

 

 

 

 

INSIDE: Dangerous nuns, French friends,
Arctic ex lorers, and hal corvrs

xvt‘ .t‘

E: .itor .1

F oign
isssxa effevcenlog 

I

 

 

 

