 
 

NEWS BRIEFS.

 

 

Worldwide—q. =

Chernenko ill

London
(AP) Two British newspapers are reporting
that Soviet President Konstantin U.
Chernenko is so ill he may become the first
Kremlin leader to voluntarily relinquish
power.
‘ in Moscow, however, there has been no
indication of any impending change. Mon-
day's edition of the Communist Party dai-
ly newspaper Pravda carried on its front
page the long text of Chernenko’s
Ioreward to a new French-language book
of his speeches and writings. The foreward
was written in November.

The Sunday Times in London quoted
“unofficial reports" as saying Chernenko.
who ltas not been seen in public since Dec.
27. is in .an intensive care ward in a
hospital, and the ruling Politburo has
already approved a plan to replace him
with Mikhail S. Gorbachev. 53. widely
believed to rank second in the Kremlin
hierarchy.

Another newspaper. The Express. said
Chernenko. “has become so ill he may be
forced to resign." Neither newspaper gave
its sources or indicated how it obtained the
information.

Military budget cut

Washington
(AP) t-en. Barry Goldwater. an old ally of
President Reagan in the battle to reduce
federal deficits. is joining forces with the
President to stave off major cuts in
military spending.

In broadcast inteniews over the
weekend. both the president and the
Arizona Republican. who is chairman of
the Senate Armed Services Committee.
drew the line at substantial' Pentagon
reductions.

Secretary of Defense Laspar Weinberger
ltas agreed to trim $8.7 billion as the
military share of the $50 billion in spen-
ding cuts the president says he will propose
to Congress a week from Monday.

OPEC to cut prices

Geneva. Switzerland
(AP) A majority of OPEC oil ministers
have informally endorsed a cut in the
cartel's $29-a-barrel base price. sources
say. But dissenters led by iran and Algeria
could thwart arty formal agreement at
Monday‘s emergency meeting.

The Organization of Petrolcutn Expor—
ting Countries called the meeting as part of
its efforts to prevent prices from collapsing
under the pressure of diminished oil de-
tnand. especially by the United States and
Western Europe. and aggressive competi—
tion from Britain and other non-OPEC

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS I] TUESDA Y. JANUARY 29., I985 '

 

 

On the open market. where‘the cartel
has no control. oil is selling for at least Si a
barrel less than the ofﬁcial price for OPEC
contract buyers.

Sources. speaking on condition they not
be identiﬁed, said Sunday that a majority
of the i3 cartel members had acknowledg-
ed the need to cut prices. possibly by $2.50
a barrel or more. to restore order and
discipline to the pricing system.

W

Class kiss passes pox

 

 

. Corvallis, Ore.
(AP) Oregon State University students

’ smooches in the ever-popular theater class

 

\

may have acted rasth when they swapped

on the art of stage kissing: One of them
had chicken pox. 7

At Thursday’s class. assistant speech
professor Charlotte Headrick delivered the
always popular lecture on how not .to
bump noses or upstage a partner in a stage
kiss.

Then she passed out peppermints and
assigned the 26 class members to kiss at
least five other class members.

“it was a real high-energy class," Ms.
Headrick said after posting a ‘ ‘chicken pox
alert" on the theater bulletin board the
next day. Ms. Headrick said she got word
Friday that a male member of the class had
come down with the disease and gone
home to recover. He couldn’t be reached
for comment.

 

Shuttles scheduled

Cape Canaveral. Fla. '

(AP) Four more shuttle flights can proceed
as scheduled this year after the success of
Discovery‘s secrecy-cloaked military mis-
sion in lifting a spy satellite into orbit with
a once-troubled booster. space ofﬁcials
said. »
The mysterious mission ended Sunday
afternoon with a perfect landing just three
miles from the launch pad where the flight
began Thursday.

Left behind in orbit 22.300 miles above
the equator. south of the Soviet Union.
was a $300 million satellite sources say is
capable of monitoring Soviet missile tests
and eavesdropping on selected military
and diplomatic communications in much
of Europe. Asia and Africa.

 

7fewide

 

Subway thefts decline

New York
(_AP)The number of subway holdups drop-
ped from I45 a week in the weeks before
Bernard Goetz allegedly shot four youths

 

petroleum producers.

PRE VIE W OF EVENTS

lFroo listings

lira A Nahum in

Int- inhi .

 

ART AGAINST APARTH EID -- Central High School art teacher Jocnctto Walsh (bot-
tom) and pupil Margot Downs are shown
created by high school students as part of I class protect against the rocch overn-
mont in South Africa. The posters and sculptures are on display at SUNYA In A 118

through February 20.

 

hanging up one of about so projects

to 83 the week after. but ofﬁcials disagree
over whether the events are related.

Transit Police Chief James Meehan said
he doubted that the Dec. 22 shootings that
led to Goetz' indictment Friday on
weapons violations caused the drop in rob-
beries because subway crime overall re-
mained about the same.

Robert Panzarelia. a professor at the
John Jay College of Criminal Justice. said
the decline indicated the shootings may
have discouraged muggers.

William McKachnie. who heads the
transit police officers' union. attributed
the decline to a sweep eithc most crime-
ridden stations during the pastymonth.

Struggle obntinuos...

NeW'York
(AP) The National Urban ‘ 'League.
established in I910 to aid southern black
W farmers migrating to northern cities. has
marked its 75th anniversary with a vow to
continue its “righteous fight."

“We - and the black people we serve -
have emerged from the wilderness of
racism to the mountaintops of hope." said
league President John E. Jacob. “Today
we seek to enter the green valleys of com-
plete equality and justice."

The league. originally known as the
Committee on Urban Conditions Among
Negroes. was founded in New York by
Ruth Standish Baldwin. the widow of a
railroad tycoon. and George Edmunds
Haynes. the first black to recieve his doc-
torate from Columbia University and the
group's first executive secretary.

 

JOHN cunnv UPS

 

 

Save the Rat Night will be
held Thursday. January 31 at
8:00 pm. in the Rat. spon-
sored by Student Associa-
tion and University Auxilary
Services.

Jose Limon Dance Company
will perform Friday. February
1 at 8:00 pm. In tho Perlorm-
Ing Arts Center. For ticket
reservations call 457-8606.

Colonial Quad Board
presents a Friday Night Live
party with Storm Warning.
leaturlng the Booze Brothers
Friday, February 1 at 8:00
pm. In the CC Ballroom.

 

Tickets on sale In Campus
Center.

Jsc Hillel bowling will be
held Wednesday. January 30
at 8:15 pm. For more Infor-
mation call 457«7508.

JSC Hillel will hold a Shab-
bos Dinner Friday. February
1 at 6:30 pm. For more Infor-
mation call 457-7508.

Kevin McKroll and Friends
will perform at Pauiy‘s Hotel
Thursday. January 31. For
more Information call
465-7423.

Four graduate assistant-
shlps and one fellowship
abroad are available from the

Office 01 International Pro~
grams. For information and
applications call 457-8678.

A Physics Department Collo-
quium on Ion beam mixing
will be held Friday. February
1, at 3:00 pm. In PH 129.

Red Cross Bioodmobllo will
be held Tuesday. February 5
from 10:00 am. to 4:00 pm.
at the State Quad Flagroom.
For more Information call
462-7461.

Orientation Olllcoc an-
nounces student leader and
cities assistant positions tor
2 months this summer. Ap-

 

plications are available In AD
129. For more Information
call 457-4932.

Biology motor: can see Dr.
Ricki Lewis. the new career
counselor for the Biology
department. Thursdays In
room 237. For more Informa-
tion call 457-8559.

Local students can par-
ticipate In friendship and
cultural exchange programs
to London or France. For
more Information call
216238-371 1.

The Second Annual Con-
ference on Critical Black
issues will be held February

2 at the New York State
Museum Auditorium on
Madison Avenue. For more
Information call Vilay Mac-
wan at 445-1764.

Pi Sigma Epsilon will have an
Interest meeting Sunday.
February 3 at 7:00 pm. In HU
137.

Six bandc will compete for a
recording contract In Rock-
N-Ftoll Warfare on Saturday.
February 2. In the Campus
Center Ballroom. Advance
tickets are on sale at Droma
Sound and In the Campus
Center.

 

 

 

    

By Beth Finneran
STAFF WRITER -

f i While ﬁnal exams werejovcr for most students in
December, those who .were“enrolled in MSI 215.
ACC 21l, or ACC 222 last semester received the
unpleasant news in January that their exams had
been stolen during ﬁnals week and were therefore
invalidated. reported Tovanderson. Director of
Admissions. and Fiscal Affairs of the business
school. '

Anderson said he did not feel it Was appropriate
to discuss how the exams were stolen since it Would
risk the security of future exams. . _

According to Harry Hamilton. Associate Vice

.President for Academic Affairs and dean of

undergraduate studies. it is not known ‘who stole
1 .ae exiims. ' ~

Anderson added that a committee consisting of
staff. faculty and students had met in December to
decide what action should be taken.

The committee recommended that students in the
M51 215 and ACC 22 classes that had taken stolen
exams were to be given the option to retake the ex-
am on'registration day or to have all their previous
grades used to decide their final grade. The MS] ex-
am could also be taken on January 28.

Students were informed by mail of the stolen ex-
ams and the grading options. approximately a week
before classes resumed. ' -

Professo: Harold Cannon who teaches ACC 211.

said he had to revise his final exam since the theft
was discovered before the exam day. and according

 m. Now.“ .M._.....  ,.

’."r7.’
x

to Anderson. there is no reason to believe the revis-
ed exam hadvbeen compromised.

“it's a disappointing comment on' some of the -
students." Anderson said.- adding that they we_rc~

not likely to be members of the business school

because the courses were only on the 2001ml'. .

According to' Hamilton. “it’s an awful example
of a problem that we know exists here.” Anderson
stated that the school of business has always felt it

> critical to provide‘security regarding exams and‘that

they are reassessing procedures and will alter those
procedures if necessary. ‘ .
Hamilton reported that the University is staging a
three pronged attack on cheating by educating
students about the more subtle forms of violating
academic integrity. better administration of exams.
ahd imposing penalties when cheating is detected.
The education process, according to Hamilton.
will include a statement in the middle of the
semester as well as discussions during orientations.
Better administration of exams will include
everything from constructing the exam. running it
off. administering it. and all phases in between. he
said. The imposing of penalties will encourage
faculty to take action when cheating is detected
either by lowering a grade or requesting interven-

tion by the University. which can include judicial V

hearings and expulsioit. Hamilton said.
“Students want us to clean up the act and faculty
are starting to do it.“ he added.
Alice Corbin, director of Judicial Affairs. said
14>

“t'i‘l‘

rUESbA Y. JANUAR Y 2b.

-Ima‘lsiiforées ’Bu'siittess' School retests

 

Professor Harold Cannon
ACC 2“ final exam had to be revised last semester

:_?>t‘t'  \‘I't'  

, [I ,.\..
1985 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

 

.. .71.”

 

 

MARK IEDIAVILLA UPS

Lesbian and Gay Center targeting homophObes

By Michelle Busher
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

The battle against homophobia (feet of
homosexuals) has been joined by a new
organization at the university. the Lesbian
and Gay Center. funded by a 55.000 grant
from the Chicago Research'Center.

' ’The Center‘s “mai "push." according
to it’s‘ coordinated." its mayo: "as; to
educate both' gays and lesbians" as well as
heterosexuals about each other. in order to
promote better understanding: There is a

. lot of anti-gay and lesbian sentiment
aroun .” said Mayo.

Middle Earth DirectOr David Jenkins
said he thinks the center “can serve as rein-
forcement to bolster up and help existing
services"? '

The center will be looking into available
counseling. health programs and academic
departments at SUNYA to see how

homosexuality is dealt with in class content
and other ways. he said.

“We'll be looking at the University and
it’s educational mission." said Jenkins.
“in an attempt to see that neglect of infor-
mation ‘ is dealt with and additional
resources are provided."

“Thécenter does not have counseling.”

1 and Maybrv-Iwefoattieter people to Middle

Earth or other counselors." She said ad-
ditig."T_he center is putting together an in-
formal one-on~one support group with a
peer rather 'than a professional."

"When a gay or lesbian is ‘coming out'
or adjusting totheir lifestyle they need so-
meone totallt to. The center can provide a
group of students. not counselors. who are
trained in listening skills for these people."
said Jenkins. “There are also people on
Middle Earth staff that can work with gays

and lesbians.” said Jenkins.

The center is located in Middle Earth.
but is funded seperately.‘ Mayo described
the $5.000 grant as “one year seed money
to get the center started."

According toLesbian and Gay Center
Board Member and member of Gay and
Lesbian Alliance (GALA). Jim Glenngrther
Chicago grant “is done term thing. it's-
nonrencwable.” he said. “but once you
have a successful grant you have evidence
to present. in future proposals."
~ At present Mayo said they hope to keep
the center operating through grants.

Glenn said the center will help GALA‘s
work a great deal. “In the past efforts by
"GALA have been piecemeal and sporadic
sporadic." said Glenn. “the existence of
the center will help in this respect -— and
already has. by forming committees and

working in departments.

“Right now the center is helping GALA
update it's speakers bureau and enlarging
the list of available speakers on homosex-
uality. They are also collecting a list of
people to recommend in counseling posi-
tions. said Glenn. “This is the work that
will be noticed firsts" lmIII'I/A : v i- 'r

"We are dealing with sensitive issues.
said Jenkins. “and when you do big public
events some people get upset. We don’t
want to undermine our effectiveness by
upsetting people.”

The center plans to sponsor films and
speakers on homosexual issues and en-
courage attendance by everyone. said
Mayo. “The problem with any group
that's trying to get civil rights is making
those who aren‘t discriminated to listen to
their (the oppressed) needs." said Mayo. Cl

RA selection process to encompass minorities

By Ilene Welnsteln
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

The staff of SUNYA's Department of
Residential Life hasn't always exhibited
the diversity which marks the school's stu—
dent body - but several staff members have
decided a change is needed. and the sooner
the better. ‘ »

“Minorities sometimes get the feeling
that they arcinot really wgntcdﬁ' said Col-
onial Quad Assistant Residence Director
Doug Holt. explaining that few minorities
have applied each year to fill Residential
Life staff positions.

in an effort toiboottt recruitmentxof

minorities to fill Residential Life Assistant

(RA) positions. Holt said he solicited help
from Director of Residential Life .Iohn
Martone and minority staff members.

The outcome of their gfforts was an in-
formational forum held In November for
minorities interested in applying for RA
positions. According to Holt. represen-
tatives from Residential Life. the Office of
Financial Aid. and Atlflrmutlve Action
discussed aspects of the application pro-
cess and what “Residential Life Is looking
for“ in an RA.

Holt. who was discouraged by the small
turnout. hoped that November‘s meeting

and another meeting held this Monday-

would increase the number of applications
from minorities. ~ WM u  .
Applications for RA positions are due

this Friday.

Residential Life staff members also have
sought help from Campus Administrators
in the Division of Student Affairs.Student
Association. and the Educational Oppor-
tunltles Program to encourage minority
students interested in applying for RA
positions. explained Mattone.

Martonc said he sought advice from

.Director of Minoroty. Student Services, H

_“Students might lose
a little grant money
(but). . . that money
very often would have
gone to' pay for‘room
and board anyway.”
——Donald Whitlock

Carl Martin on improving minority
recruitment. Martin suggested that
Residential Life minority staff members
contact interested students and a review of
the RA ‘lntcrview process.

“We want a well-rounded staff that
reflects (SUNYA’s) diverse student
population.“ explained Martone. Students
must “feel comfortable going to ‘the
RA's.".he said. adding that it’s.easier

 

 

 

 

 

when RA’s share common backgrounds
with the student body.

Residential Life‘s professional staff
hould also include more women and
uinorities. said Martone who added that
past budget freezes have made an increase
itt hiring impossible.

The Office of Residential Life currently
has three full-time minority staff members
and one part-time staff members; a V

Financial Aid -probl‘cms'~'3 may have
prevented an increase in minority ap-
plicants. explained Holt, fiStudents think
that if they become RA‘s. they will lose
money for their educationﬁi. he said.

According to. Financial Aid Director
Donald Whitlock. who spoke during
November‘s l’orum. this is a popular
misconception among students.

“Assistantships (such as RA positions)
are considered financial aid and this
reduces aid 1 lnit can be provided by institu-
tions." said Whitlock.

Ilut. while “students tnight lose a little
grant money. they are not really losing
anything because that money very often
“mild have gout: to pay for roout and
board anyway.“ said Whitlock.

“l have a reallystrong feeling about stu-
dent cmploytuent.” said Wltitlock. who
explained that many student's involved in
workstudy programs at SUNYA have
returned to work full-time for the unlver.

‘ sity‘s administratién. El

 

