 

«4m

MTV Music Television has been bouncing its video
signals across America for nearly four years. Believe it or
not. Like it or not. The unqualified success of Warner
Amex’s twenty-four hour a day video channel shocked
skeptics and created tension between pro- and anti-video
forces, forces which did not exist prior to MTV.

With the clash of opinions a question arises. ls MTV
really so bad? i believe not. Not that “is a Godsend either.
MTV is a business which serves a demanding public. i do
not enjoy each and every video they play, but my ability
to terminate any clip at the touch of a button allows me to
remain objective insofar as my attitude toward MTV is
concerned. My temper flares, however, when i read
material fingering MTV as a danger to our ever so corrup-
table youth.

The Newsday Magazine (Newsday’s Sunday supple-
ment) featured an article by one Sam Toperoﬁ, an
associate professor of arts and humanities at Hofstra
University, in July, 1984. His hyp0critical The Mind'Bog-
glers in the Living Room earns the distinction of being one
of those articles which makes me angry. I constantly check-
ed the cover of the magazine to make certain it wasn’t the
National Enquirer. I could not keep from laughing.

Toperoff attacks MTV and music video in general. He
backed himself up by quoting a few good psychologists.
That's fine. But the professor furthers his case by using the
opinions of America's Surgeon General, Dr. C. Everett
Koop. More defense arrives in the form of Joan DeNews
(her real name). who heads something called the Canadian
Coalition Against Violent Entertainment. And, of course,
no discourse on the evils of music video would be com-
plete without the immortal contributions of that emminent
sociologist, Rona Barrett. Seriously, folks.

Toperoff offers an image of MTV as a strong and
powerful influence on the subconscious. His MTV is to the
minds of our youth what cigarette smoking is to the lungs
of our parents (right, Mom?). He declares himself nearly a
video addict, which seems odd in light of the article's
derogatory tone. By the conclusion, Toperoff manages to
further contradict himself. t lore on that later.

I
i

In order to defend MTV and music video as a whole, l
sought the aid of two MTV Video Jockeys (V.J.s), Martha
Quinn and Allan Hunter. Quinn got her job right out at
New York University. in New York, she is probably the
best known of the five VJs because she is on during prime
time, late evening. Hunter went to drama school in hopes
of making it big as an actor. Though he had bit parts in the
films A Little Sex and Annie, stardom never beckoned. As
Hunter put it, “After drama school l became the struggling
actor slash bartender-dancer-singer." Then came MTV
Hunter enjoys his work, but added that he will return to
acting one day. For MTV, the VJ’s job is to introduce up-
coming videos, read the Music News. and handle other
promotional tasks as well.

 

in order to cull strong responses from the mouthpieces
of MTV, a form of devil's advocacy was required. Putting
Quinn and Hunter on the spot placed a wedge between us,
but this particular method underscored my belief that peo-
ple react to who and what they see. People see (and hear)
Quinn and Hunter. They are responsible to answer for
MTV and to its critics. When told of my intentions, Quinn
warned that she "would be having to rebut, defend. or
justify a lot of accusations." As many of her comments im-
ply, Quinn did not appreciate being in such a position. l

caspectcs " ow

p

 

 

Who. l'S‘ &lﬁ‘3Tuwr 0177,

 

 

n Ian SpellingtalkSWith

March.) "ea/1985 ‘ “  ‘ "  

Alan Hunt er 7

 

and I Martha Quinn _ about criticism of

was portraying her in a "very strange light," she said.
Hunter took .ie stand which most paralleled mine. "It's
tough being put on the defensive. But if it’s something
worth defending, thenwhat the hell,” he said.

The various topics touched upon by Toperoff include
the influence of hard rock videos, the effects of the an-
drogynous look, the changes the video revolution has
brought to the recording industry, and the ability of MTV
to literally create careers. Additional topics i chose to
discuss with Quinn and Hunter were the unusual reaction
to Eurythmics Sexcrirne song and video, the uproar over
the lack of black artists on the channel, and the competi-
tion created by VH-l Video Hits One.

    

1- THE LACK OF SUBTLETY IN HARD ROCK
VIDEOS.

Toperoff- "Video manufacturers are starting to make
videos captioned for the hearing impaired; it’s not
necessary for these guys. They crush and wail and snarl
and sulk and scream with a ferocity heard and seen only in
a violent ward ....As bonuses you get lots of hair, lots of
leather, lots of low-slung guitars at crotch level, and lots of
very bad lip-synching."

‘Quinn- "We try to be a little careful. There are certain
grey areas. For instance, Too A'Iuch Blood (by the Rolling
Stones),- we may have tempered that down just a bit, but
we could still capture the feeling the Stones were trying to
put across and still not be offensive.”

Hunter- "I think it’s just a matter of taste on some peo-
ple's part. and on our part as well. Whenever videos are
close to the edge they either get on the 'channel or they
have to be rearranged. The record companies and the ar-
tists know what kind of channel we are. We can‘t show ex-
plicit sexuality. we don’t condone the use of drugs or
gratuitous violence. We guard against such things."

:3 summits-
ates,

  

CULTURE
CLUB

2- THE EFFECTS OF THE ANDROGYNOUS LOOK.

Toperoff- "No less a protector of the public welfare than
Dr. C. Everett Koop, sturgeon general of the US, has ad‘
vised that sex and violence in many videos could cause
some young people to have trouble having satisfying rela-
tionships with people of the opposite sex."

Quinn- "What about Little Richard? What about David
Bowie? Styles come and go. i Certainly don‘t think that
that's anything at all.”

Hunter- "I think it is variety that is the spice of life. I
think that people who are not into that style of living
might at least respect it. There's no more fun than to have
Boy George and new wavers on one end and Krokus on
the other. it‘s great. They should all be at one big party. |

 

bet they’d all get along. So you’ve got Boy George back to
back with iron Maiden. And in some crazy way it all
works. At least it does for me." ‘ .

3- THE SEXCRIME VIDEO AND lTS PROBLEMS.

The new song and video, Sexcrime, by the Eurythmics
has created quite a stir. The song itself received barely any
radio airplay, but MTV did put it in their regular rotation.
Throughout the video, scenes from Michael Radford’s film
adaptation of 1984 appear on the screen. Radford's world
of Oceania is as bleak as Orwell’s. To match the tone of
the movie, the video features Annie Lennox singing on a

set similar to the bombed out city in the film. is the video.

too violent? Too sexual? Too damned realistic? is the song
too obvious? _
Toperoff- “The National Coalition on Television
Violence  released a study claiming that there were, on
the average, more than eighteen instances of violence for
each hour of vidoes. More than half of the Videos Show“
on MTV presented some form of violence or strongly 5u8~
gested it, 35 percent of which were sexual in nature.“

Quinn. "i don't know why they are making such a big
deal about that, i mean, did you ever listen to Prince's
Erotic City? They play that on the radio all the time. i don‘t
know.”

Hunter‘ "The big stink is the title. That is it. As far as I
am concerned, people hear "sexerime" and they lm'
mediater think it’s some horrible tale of criminal and sex-
ual things. it‘s only George Orwell's “newspeak” for
atllultery. So it wasn't even Eurythmics term in the first
p ace."

 

 

    

 

 

'4. THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN'MTV AND THE‘
RECOVERY or THE RECORDING iNDUSTRY AND

THE ABILITY OF MTV TO CREATE STARS.

Toperoff- "The $3 billion record industry has made a
remarkable recovery based primarily on the sale of pop
and rock records. Album sales are linked to the popularity
of singles, so by presenting exquisitely produced videos of
individual songs, MTV exposure . promoted an un-
precedented number-of album sales... 50 effective was
MTV'S influence that it could not only expose but also
create rock stars: Stray Cats, Duran Duran, and Adam Ant
being the best known.” , w '

Quinn‘ "Duran Duran happened to become popular in
the video age..Who knows if they had come out in the
’60‘s what would have happened. Surely they got a lot of
exposure through video, but they used the medium well.
Who is to say they wouldn't have become just as successful
in a different way in another time."

Hunter— "it was only a matter of time before MTV
became a way of life, so to speak. People finally accepted
it like they would television or radio. i think it was great
timing that MTV came on when it did. We went on in
t981, right when everyone was hungry to be stimulated
by yet another medium. I think it has been a big influence
on the record business. that is undisputed. MTV just open-
ed a lot of doors for different kinds of music."

 

S~ THE OVERALL EFFECTS OF VlDEO.

Toperoff calls Billy Idol’s Dancing With Myself video
"unpleasant..." makes an unforgettable visual Impression,"
and describes him as "a mean spirited sucker." But
'l’operoff continues his theories on violence, selecting sur-
real videos in particular to warn the discriminating viewer

 

 

' 1-:  whr~sttbuld=mi'm7

 

 

about. "The surreal world is, by definition, a disjointed
one: There is no cause and effect. in fact there is cause
without effect and effect without cause. A dream world."
Once Toperoff supplies the "definition" he proceeds to
develop a stronger case. "What these surreal videos are ac-
tually impressing on an unsophisticated mind is that the
world makes no sense whatever...5urrealism offers the
state of a hallucinated state without the drugs." What
makes me laugh are the videos the professor selects as sur-
real. Among them are Autodrive by.Herbie Hancock,
Here Comes the Rain Again by the Eurythmics (they can't
seem to stay out of trouble. Perhaps Toperoff failed to see
the Who’s That Girl video; in which Annie Lennox plays a
man who kisses herself), Fleetwood Mac's Hold Me, and
Queen's Radio Gaga.

Toperoff adds, that "by repetition, images of a disjointed
world can become a misunderstanding of life itself." There
is something to be said for the effect of videos, but
Toperoff-goes completely overboard.

Quinn- "God knows we are not talking about brain
surgery here. We are entertainment. We are rock and roll."

Hunter~ "All l can say is people around here use their
best judgement in putting these things on. It's all such a
subjective thing. It‘s not gratuitous. There are certainly
borderline things which people could argue over for years.
One group could be upset about it and the other group
could be thrilled."

HUNTER'S OPlNlON ON VlDEO’S lNFLUENCE ON
YOUTH. ‘

“l have to adhere to the train of thought that they
(children) are able to distinguish between fantasy and real
life. i know what’s on the tube is not real and what's out-
side is real. There are always going to be people who have
a tendency towards some kind of erratic behavior, or their
minds are more open to suggestion. These people will
hopefully be in the minority. it will be inﬂuential on some,
but i think most of us know what's going on, and i think a
12-year old knows what is going on. Just the visions pass-
ing before their eyes are fun for the most'part. They like to
listen to music too. Further than that i am not a
psychologist, so i don’t try to figure that one out."

»
i

  
   

6- THE UFROAR OVER A LACK OF BLACK MUSI-
CIANS ON MTV. ‘

One topic Toperoff failed to cast an eye towards was the  ‘

uproar over MTV'Qlack- of -air' time'for black artists.
Michael Jackson's Billie jean is considered the ground-
breaker as far as acceptance of videos by black artists is
concerned. Many blacks take offense at the fact that music
is divided into shades of black and white. But all one has to
do is look at Entertainment Tonight’s recent coverage of
the nominees for this year's Grammy awards. Rebbie
Jackson's face breaks into a huge smile as she gleefully an-
nounces 1984 to be "a great year for black music." At this
point it is safe to say some black musicians andagood
deal of the public has decided to join those they simply
can't beat. For all intents and purposes, any song perform-
ed by a negro is a “black song."

MTV has changed with the times. As music becomes
more dance oriented," MTV follows suit. A recent an-
nouncement from MTV stated only one hard rock video
will be played per hour. Their reaction to public demand
obviously demonstrates a willingness to give the people
what they want. MTV started as a rock video channel. Few
black artists were performing rock at that time. According-
ly, the Rick Jameses of the music world received little
airplay. Jlmi Hendrix earned his share of air time, but how
many videos can be created by tossing hundreds of old
photos and concert clips together in a five minute space?
Not many. When MTV developed a new format, more
music was needed. That blacks suddenly became a staple
of video had nothing to do with skin color differences. The
music made the difference. And Rick James still gets barely
any air time.

Hunter- "We had a format. it started out with reek-n-
roll\ Who is to define what that is? Well, the people who
put the show together had to define that. if an artist came
in, black, white, yellow, or red. and played what we con-
sidered rock-n-roll. then it got on the channel. As music
changes so will MTV change its parameters as to what fits
the mood of MTV.

it was rock-n-roll we decided to go for. Not RkB, not
jazz, not classical, not country, but rock-n-roll. Garland Jef-
freys, Phil Lynett, and the Busboys were playing rock-n-
roll. They just happened to be black, we didn’t care."

Quinn‘ “MTV is a forum for public taste. That is what
we are. We are a rock-n-roll channel. (When Michael
Jackson came to us he was what we call a crossover artist.
He was very innovative and definitely. integrated the
music all around. So we played him. That started a whole
other ball of wax rolling. Before Michael, it wasn’t that we
weren't playing black artists; it just wasn’t the sound. You
wouldn't hear Kenny Rogers on WNEW. All radio stations
go for a sound, go for an overall concept. MTV is certainly
no different."

 

MTV VJ [Video Jock) MARTHA QUINN

MTV leads a blessed life. They truly have no competi-
tion. Ted Turner tried to capture a different audience. the
older crowd, and lost a fortune in the process. Warner
Amex bought Turner's channel and virtually created their
own competition, VH-t: Video Hits One. On my cable
box VH~1 is channel 2 and MTV can be found on channel
29. For me they are interchangeable. if I don't enjoy Quiet
Riot beating their heads 1 can flip to Willie and Julio, or
Barbra Streisand. lf VH-t proves successful it may be a
threat to MTV. Maybe.

Quinn» "VH-l is just going for a different sound."

Hunter- "i hope they are not interchangeable. They hit a
different segment. MTV is 14-34 and VH-I is 25-54. So
you've got crossover there. Some people'may go from
MTV.to..VH~t.*But'l'think there is a definite, strong au-
“dience for both.”

l’d ,love to meet Sam Toperoff. if he appeared on
Groucho Marx's You Bet Your Life game show I'd bet he'd
win the hundaredldollar prize for uttering the word of the
day: hypocrite. For argument's sake, Toperoff writes. "l'm
trying to create the impression here of being at least
somewhat objective." He's not subtle in his contradictory
writing, nor is he even remotely "objective." “For openers.
MTV's social and media critics. starting with some very
damning evidence, tend to go too far; they almost become
zealots who see violence in perfectly harmless videos."

Toperoff continues, "When (the video) Say, Say, Say is
formally classified as violent, they've simply missed the
point." Come on, Professor. Michael Jackson and Paul Mc-
Cartney dupe town after town out of their hard earned
money. The children in the video flock around the two
con artists. Linda McCartney frightens a crowded club by
yelling “Firet” What if people died attempting to escape? in
real life McCartney is known. if not infamous, for smoking
pot. is he not a sorry influence on our youth? We can easi-
ly make an issue of anything which displeases us. We can
take it to extremes. But why waste the time?

i wanted my MTV. lgot my MTV. And unless Cablevi-
sion raises their rates beyond an already unacceptably high
level, i shall keep my MTV. So there. i like it. l'rn not an
addict. i don't bounce off walls or beat women or rob
banks. But i prefer my music to be accompanied by a
visual image. if I dislike the image i change the channel. it’s
really that easy. No one holds a gun to my head and says
“watch this video - or else." Toperoff and (other) MTV
haters rape the “or else” section of the threat. While a Rus-
sian special effects team keeps Konstantin Chernenko

alive, though the world stands on the brink of nuclear ar'
maggedon, and despite the fact l'rn flunking Exploration of
Space, it’s always a relief to know i can flip to MTV and
see my favorite Material Girl, Madonna. still pretending to
be a virgin. ‘ Cl

 

