TueSday
April 16, 1985

NUMBER ‘17

AHOtelremain-s open for Fall ’85

for years."

Students currently residing at the Wellington seem en-
thusiastic about the decision and many plan to return next
semester despite the rate increase.

Wellington resident Julie Fote stated that she was retur-
ning because she likes the freedom of having her own
room and because “most of my friends are Wellington
students."

 

xxﬁu

 

By Pam Conway
STAFF WRITER I ‘

After a long period of uncertainty. the SUNYA ad-
ministration and students have been informed that the
Hotel Wellington will be available as a student housing
alternative for the fall semester, according to Vice Presi-
dent of Student Affairs Frank Pogue.

'Pogue stated that during a meeting last Friday. the
hotel's ov'vner; Michael Blase. informed him that “the Another student living at the Wellington. Margaret
Wellington wouidtbe available for the fall term." Padden. added that although she would have preferred a
. Stressing that Wellington owners Biaseand his son decision that included the spring semester. she “has
have not as yet'reacheda decision concerning the spring nothing against" the current one because it was “a

' semester, Pogue said, “The owners reinforced the state- private decision." ’
ment that student housing for the spring is very uncertain ‘
at this time because of the Civic Center profect." '
‘The fate of the Wellington as a university dorm. which
. currently houses about l40 SUNYA student , was
unknown for several weeks as‘the owners dclib. ted the
most financially advantageous decision. A proposed
Civic Center to be built near the Wellington was a “major
factor" affecting that decision. according to Wellington
r spokesperson Roz Robinson.

Although SUNYA students will have the opportunity
to be housed at the Wellington next fall. they will also
have to face a rate increase.

ATsT long Distance. .
The thinking student’s chorce.

Think about AT&T service.

Only ATstT has more than 35,000 long distance oper-
ators to help you with collect and person-to-person
calls. They can even arrange immediate credit when
you misdiai.

o I o n ’ 4 ' ‘ ' " '
Thtnk about AT&T 5 special credit. . - I g I ' . y 
Our AT&T Opportunity Calling“ program lets you ' ‘ - Ross DeMarco 3 . ; ' ' HOWlE rvoan uPa
eam donmffopddlm creams toward brand'name pmd' NYPIRG Issues “directly affect students' lives" According to Wellingttm manager Bob Vincent. the
current rate is between 5700 and $800 depending on the

nets and services. You can earn a dollar’s credit
forevery‘lonal‘ you Spend With AT&T Long N SF  over ., size of the room. Starting next semester. said Vincent.
~ ’1‘ ‘ ' _ _ _ ' students will be'paying-between $800 and $1000.
funding practices, Issues

Distance—every month your ATslI‘ bill
is $15 or more—up to $3001n Oppor— Fugue expressed surprise at the rate increase. of which
_ Blase had not informed him of during their meeting. he
of Wed...-.Thu\rs. referendum
By Ram Conway ' 1 z  ., . , . .

tunity Credits monthly.
' . . . said, adding that “the Biases decision was a private one”
. If you lhtnk about it, and'is not we...
. I _ ,
you ll choose AT&T. srarrwmrm , . _ _ .
I ‘ I The upcoming referenddm'.c0ttc'erning funding of
the Albany chapter of the New ,York Public interest

t wast-:5): rim. ., I. -,
uAccording to I 'Bla'se and SUN _
No other long distance [workgngfon‘ it: Sewn contractsfnow; wlgich etittline details
, . or t e a . ecision concernin t e s r n semester
_\ ._ égg‘gﬂggvﬁtheisﬂ ReSeareh Group .(NYPlRG) was discussed in a debate shoum be made in a week 0,- M035 D "g

‘ and ualit gilt“ et Monday “ism bemeen rePTCSFntaiiY“ of NYHRG Robinson stated that the decision to keep the Well?
with (ATcszgle thiﬁk and Slu‘lems Againleomcs Funding (STAFFi- ington open to students‘ was based on the fact that "the
- t d t. hoi The debate. thdl was sponsored by {he Pl Sigma owners had planned to renovate the building but it didn't

mg 5 u .en S c .ce' Alpha debate soctety, was an opportunity for both

For more Informatlon’ groups to express their views on nYPlRO's mandatory

0" to conﬁrm AT&T95 fee, which is currentyly $6 per‘student per year, and

voted on every two'years. ~

go as quickly as planned so they decided to give Students
your long distance com-
Craig Rucker. chair and founder of STAFF",~ opened

the housing option."
When asked whether an end to student housing in the
pany, call l800 222-0300.
the discussion by stating that his group is “riot‘against
NYPIRG, just against its forcedvfee” which he labeled

. r \.
.‘x‘,

35

Other long distance companies are making some
pretty extraordinary savings claims. But take a closer
look—and those claims may start to disappear. Because
the savings might not apply to where you
live, where you call—or when you call.

Fact is, in many cases the savings
are so small, you can hardly no—
tice them. So think carefully
before you choose.

Think about
AT&T’s discounts.

They’re good for state—to—state
direct dialed calls from anywhere to
anywhere. You'll save 60% during
our weekend/night rate period
including every night from 11 pm.
till 8 a.m.—pius all day Saturday and
Sunday till 5 pm. And you’ll save 40%
Sunday through Friday evenings from
5 pm. toll p.m.

Think about AT&T quality.

ATaT calls sound loud anti
clear—as close as next
door. And only ATtt’I‘
lets you call from
anywhere to any-
where—including over
250 countries and locations

\‘

 

z a qoaz+rrm‘s

Wellington Hotel

will be available as housing in the/‘all

future at the Wellington is inevitable, Robinson said that
Biases will notrenovate and student housing will go on

.“it’s going that way but it is entirely possible that the
“an injustice." :

worldwide.

C 1985 A'I‘eT Communications

 

'Rucker stated that f‘NYPIRG is political. it has a
lobbying charter with 19 paid lobbyists." He later add-
ed'that a referendum is a “violation of constitutional

rights" because “ther minority must fund the political

interest of the majority." .
. 3 Rocker also attacked NYPlRG saying‘that “98 per-

cent of its issues are consumer and environmental. not

student-oriented" and therefore cannot be equated

withother politically-minded groups which limit their
work primarily to the SUNY campus.

NYBIRG member Ross DeMarco delivered the
opening statement for the group. She began by stating
thatNYPlRG “began as a group to pool student

‘ "resources, to work on issues as well as teaching its
memberspolitical skills." -

‘ DeMarco went on to mention NYPlRG's goals and I
past achievemtns, stating that they do affect students

directly. She‘stated that NYPlRG deals with “students

as cltlzens,"'emphasizing that toxic waste and tuition
increases.“direétlyaffect students' lives." , ‘

Regarding NYPiRG's fee.- DeMarcD defended its
fairness and stated, “NYPlRCi gets its money through
the mandatory fee. but also puts the decision up to the
students.” expllning thast students vote directly. not
through Central Councell representation.

DeMarco also said that "NYPlRG is recognized as
an educational organization by the SUNY Board of
Trustees." . 1

In his rebuttal, STAFF member Steve Korowltz

lqnestioned the fairness of the fee. asserting. “Other

groups on campus must account to Central Council.
but NYPIRO gets $6 right off the top of the fee."

Kor0wltz also stressed that he only opposes
NYPlRG’s funding \vhich he labelled “coercion by the
majority." He asked why NYPIRO “can't be funded
like‘Fivc-Quad Ambulance and class dues." which ex-
ist on~campus through a voluntary fee.

 

 

Friends press on in Wilson search

By Bette Dzamba
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

it has been nearly three weeks since
'he March 27 disappearance of
SUNYA student Karen Wilson. yet
the efforts of those trying to locate her
are unwavering. ’

Student Association President Rich
Schaffer said that SA w tuld be sen-
ding information about the Wilson
case to other student governments
throughout the SUNY system. “We
are 'trying to set up a state-wide
publicity network." he said, adding.
“Maybe someone in another major ci-
ty may have some information."

Schal‘fer also said that he will
follow this up with personal calls to
each SA president across the state. “i
want to encourage them to have their
student groups get the publicity out."
he said. .

According to Mark Foti, Wilson’s
boyfriend. Students Opposing Pover-
ty (STOP) is also working to help find
Wilson by distributing posters. They
Will hopefullv be sending them to all
schools within the state and the group
plans to distribute posters “to every
school in the nation with a STOP
chapter." he said.

Potinoted that money will be need-
ed to distribute these posters and said
that STOP will be working through

Resident Assistants (RA's) to solicit
student contributions to cover mailing
costs.

According to Foti. a petition asking
for a better communications network
for missing persons has been started,
as well.

He explained that with student sup-
port. lobbying for a national network
could be effective. Currently there is
no unified national network. Foti
said. He noted that because of the
large number of missing persons in the
country. it would be much more effec-

5 Wilson
Disappeared March 27

tive to lobby for a national network
_than for action on a particular case.
tilthough he did say that he hoped to
get specific attention paid to Wilson‘s
disappearance.

Schaffer said that SA would cott-
tinue tryittg “to get the University and
the state to kcep up the good work
they are dointt.” He added. “we want
them to give it at least another week."

Schaffer explained that the hours
worked on the case may be decreased
soon. but that SA is working to en-
courage the police to keep a large
number of detectives involved.

Rich Cantweil. Wilson's RA, said
that an attempt was made to have
classes suspended on Monday so that
more people would be able to par-
ticipate in the search. He explained
that many students were prevented
from helping with last Thursday's
search because of classes and exams.

He said "the state police have done
everything they can. Now other people
have to get involved."

According to Cantwell the plans fell
through for several reasons. One was
that there was ttot enough time to
notify students of the plan and that it
would ituve been difficult for pro~
fessors to change the date of exams

planned long ago.
7»

 

