       
 
   
    
 

        
  
 

 

 

.; >1, 1 ~ g   , g _ - _ H u 7.gygg'mmeywumys.:,.m.»~u~....m-..... ........ .1.-....-».»..~...«r... ..   e . 

, 2-: u...w.............«... .. . . H

 

-7-"’¢'f‘f“”“2'*-‘WMWWWWI Mme-«wm-w. .9. .....  ..

   

h |

 
 
  
    

4 Spa 17‘ AraANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1935

—-—.—_

The Student AsSOciatiOn '
at
SUNY Albany.
Congratulates
Richard

\\ Doc"

‘ " c-w . .7. . wt.

 

    ~> .: QtBBE'Rir ‘ March 1, 1985’

PRESS

  
 
  

 

 
      
   

   

VOLUMELXXI'I NUMBER 8

Right-wing organizing against NYPIRG fizzles'

 

“Our campus presence was
subliminal, we were there and yet . ~ 7
. Syracuse we weren't, it's that simple," said Syracuse University students voted 3 to 1 In favor of continued
Syracuse University students 'STOPirg member Troy Smith. 'l9ndlng °l "Wm": °" Tuna”.
voted overwhelmingly to continue Smith said. NYPIRG was so 3
funding NYPiRG in a referen- successful because the student ' NYPIRG Haslhe an-n‘
dum Tuesday; despite .a much government, and campus media  “riding 0" ca'“l"“i
heralded conservative push wereall pro-NYPlRG. “TheDai- ' . . .. \ ;ngcttov;;bnv.ii-'tvi-i
against the consumer and .en- ly orange considers themselves ,-» ‘ '  ‘ < - ‘ ‘ . A. "W" "YP'RG I
. .v i ro n m e n t al = lo b b’ryi n g the most objective paper on cam- - '  "M "VP'RG '°° "‘ ""‘ °""’
organization. . ~pus...’they don't understand that "mndﬂblc'no

" , in the largest turnout'SU Stu- they are so pinkie commie leftist v '

 
 
  

By James O’Sullivan
News entrust ﬂ

"rt

   

Tait) (i Luuk .

 
 

 
 

 

 
 
      
 

 

 

   

 

 
 
 

 
 

   

 

v dent Governmen‘tAssociatlon of- it's unreal.” he stated.
ﬁeials could recall. 75 percent of The national conservative

~5thos'e voting agreed thatNYPlRG movement didn't show up at the ..

“(New York“ Public interest referendum. McMahon said. a   ‘ -
Research Group) should remain because they didn’t want to lose a v 
on campus. ' v the ﬁrst referendum battle of the
- Student conservatives at both year. “They knew that we were

-_SU and Washington. D.C. had organized enough and they knew
said that Syracuse was the ﬁrst of that we were going to win," she
40 campuses to be “de—PlRGed." said. ' ‘-
but no challengers showed up in NYPlRG Project Coordinator
Syracuse Tuesday. and members at SU Mark Schlechter agreed.
‘of the SU based “STOPlrg” saying. “The. STOPirg peoplejust

    

 

 

CONGRATULATIONS

 

 

 

Sauers A
. on his 
500 “1  

‘ Basketball
Victory 7 I

 

 

 

 

 

 

Best Of.l_UCl( in the Future

 

 

 

' lab 'w,’

 

 

 

   

organization kept a low‘proiile
throughout the voting.

' STOPirg’sﬁbje‘ctive is to stop
the funding‘t‘sf NYPiRG through

‘mandatory 'student activity fee

money. even though ,NYPlRG’s
funding is voted on through .a
«pattern

t.

 

 . ‘tsrorirtaidn‘tsaveihor act.
distiller; theywere not womaniz-

ed. and they did not have the
resources . ' ' said Karen
McMahon, chair of NYPIRG's
Board 'of Directors.

ferendurn fromthei-est.

did not have the support on the
campus." He said NYPlRG ex-
pected a large battle, and was sur-
prised with the results. “A three

to one margin is much more than“

we had-thought," he added.
. Attributing the. vote no

“Wit-G's campussisitility-hn’tt.’

work on projects such“ as voter
registration. state ; LSupeit'un'd.
findncial aid cuts. and women's
issues, Schlechtersaid. “i think
the myth that students~ are

  

 

 

dent Government Association
vVice  ‘

  

Kim Gardner,' i.614
voted: in raver ’o'f‘tin‘d‘ 138 "voted
against NYPiRG. with three
absentions. .

Voter turnout was heavy. she

Of » thc,.2,l75_' undergraduates
. who voted. according to SU Stu-

_   I ‘d tit-for Administrative",
Qperations

with many chapter members giV<
ing speeches to classes. as well as
posterlng and leafletting on the
SU quad.  t. .2 1' ' 
Gardner added that althottgh

~ only about l.‘400’ SU students

usually vote in campus elections,
the three to one margin favoring
NYPIRG was an accurate poll of

NYPlRG and felt threatened" by
the conservative push. she said.

in an article in The Village
Voice two weeks "before 

, referendum. Steve Baldwin. listed
bits" is member. of ‘ the College

Republican National Committee
(CRNC), said Syracuse was one
of 40 campuses nationwide

proved to be untrue."

 

Ballroom Tuesday.

  

Pogue awarded King marginal

Vice President for Student Affairs Frank Pogue was
awarded the University's Martin Luther King Jr.
Award for 1985 at a luncheon in the Campus Center

apathetic and conservative just said. in part because “NYPlRG student

opinion. “A lot of targeted by CRNC to be “de-

hadalot of publicity out for it," students decided they liked 13>

Draft resistors at SUN YA unyielding

despite possible legal. ramifications

By Eric Hindln
STAFF WRITER

Despite. the sentencing of draft registration resister An-
drew Mager in early February to six months in prison,

‘ most SUNYA students who have not yet registered for the

draft remain strong in their resolve to not do so-

Magerwas the ﬁrst New York State resident to be tried
for refusing to register.

in an informal poll of twenty randomly selected
students. four admitted that they had not yet registered.
while the remaining sixteen. one_who was handicapped
and not eligible for the draft. had registered. .

Said one student of the four who had not registered. “1
have no intentions of registering now or in the future.
even if it means legal action brought against me by the
state. or the sacrifico of ﬁnancial aid." Financial aid is
linked to compliance with draft registration by the
Solomon Amendment. which requires that in order to
receive federal aid. men must be registered for the draft.

Another student who has not complied with draft
registration stated that he had not done so because he had
“yet to get around to it."

Fourteen of the twenty surveyed supported the efforts
of Andrew Mager. claiming that non-compliance was the
only really effective way to protest an unfair law. and to
intiate change. Several students cited ﬁgures in American
History such as Martin Luther King Jr.. who successfully
employed civil disobedience in .an effort to change ex-
isting laws.

Twenty five percent felt that their support for draft
registration would increase if the law were made “fairer”
by requiring draft registration and any potential draft to
apply to all members of society within a certain age
group, regardless of sex.

Students surveyed were split in half concerning the a
issue of tying financial aid to draft registration. Many of
those students against the Solomon Amendment pointed
out its discriminatory nature. in that those not requiring
ﬁnancial aid would not be subject to the same govern-
ment scrutiny as those who do require aid.

University President Vincent O'Leary said that he per-
sonally did not ﬁnd the mandatory draft registration that
obnoxious. “Those who do not obey the law." stated
O’Lcary. “and who are willing to suffer the conse-
quences, while i do not think of them as heroes. 1 can

 
   
  
  
 
   

 

The “mud is presented annually by mo omcc m All the students surveyed stated that they did not understand why they do as they do. and l admire their
Mummy smdem services w mo who" Who'mos' ex" believe the draft would ever really be instituted. and many conviction for their beliefs." -
‘ 'lemplm‘” the values M King' said that they did not find mandatory draft registration O'Lcary also stated that he supports a “Universal Na-

speaklm °f Posue' Laurie Midgwe' Preside"! or all that offensive. “i believe." stated one students, “that tlonal Service." made up of all persons of a certain age.
"‘5 Albany 5”" unlwm'y mack Alliance (ASUBA) there are certain situations which could occur which “The draft is unfair," asserted O'Leary.

ONGRATULATIONS ‘—

        

  

   

SNOILV'IHLVHSNOO 

    
  

    
 

   
   
  

 
 
  

 

< > . , saldv “Mm” students look up wlmm for pride in our would warrant the institution of a draft. and as such. in our society. said Vice President of Student Affairs
' blacmcss'” " A draft registration is a necessary evil.” Frank Pogue. anyone has a right to not comply with any
“H” "w high” ranked “whim SU Nym' m0" Six of the twenty students polled said they felt that low, though they have to be willing to suffer the conse-
- rswdcms l°°k up '0 hlm"'he dc. ly deserved it and students should indeed protest against draft registration if quenccs of their actions. As responsible citizens Pogue
- - ~ "mm" “id Student Assocmlo Mlnomy MM” they felt compelled to do so. but through means other advised all students to register. ,
l C°°mlnm°r Em nowmm' than non-compliance. “Our society provides for avenues Donald Whitloclt. Director of Financial Aid. stated

   

 

   

 

P°3u° mum” Vl“ plume"! I" l983 mu swim“ as to get laws changed other than disobeyance." said one that he personally would comply with draft registration if
'Ch‘il' 0! "l" unl‘m'ny ‘ A"le PM Arm'Amﬂl‘an student who along with three others asserted that the law he was of age. though in a democratic society he respects
Sludl“ Dw‘mmem {or me“ nu." .. should come down hard on anyone not complying with the rights of citizens to civil disobedience. and said he
' ' "mm “mun” mandatory draft registration. finds it an acceptable means of protesting the law. E)

l

,4 LXTIS. 

 

      

   
      
 

      
 

 

 

 

SA'Funded -

m - ~...-u.-~..—o - i
‘ —--- ‘- > Wmn-hanwrumkmwmi

  

 

 

 

 

