 

‘1

  

 

 

SportsFrida‘y #

MARCH I, 1985

 

 

Masai Danes!

The wreatlers and the
hoopsters go for the
NCAA Division Ill title

 

 

 

By Marc Berman
SPORTSEDITOR

As it turned out, the Albany
State men's basketball team's loss
in the SUNYAC ﬁnals to Buffalo
State wasn't so bad after all.

Granted, the Danes would've
been the host for the NCAA Nor-
theast Regionals if they had
beaten Buffalo State last Satur-
day night. Brit in losing, the

. Danes were selected instead to the
New England regionais, bypass-
ing perhaps the most competitive
Division ill regional in the
country.

The Northeastern regionals will
include SUNYAC powers
Potsdam and Buffalo State. Hart-
wick (a school Albany State lost
to this year) and Alfred.

“it might have been a blessing
that we lost," said Albany State
center r Greg Hart. “The Nor-
theast regionals is going to be
dog-eat-dog. We've played
against three of the teams and i
don’t see how there could be bet-
ter competition in any other
regional."

“Our first choice would have
been to host the Northeastern
regionals," said coach Dick
Sauers. speaking via telephone
from his room at the Marriott
Hotel in Worcester,
Massachusetts, the site of the
New England regionals. “But
when we lost that, our second

choice was to get the heck out of
that region. We got our second
choice."

This weekend’s regional will pit

the- Danes against W.P.1

‘ (Worcester Polytechnic institute),

in Friday's opening round on the
latter’s home court. The other
two squads in the tournament.
Nth-ranked Clarke, and
Westﬁeld State will meet in the
earlier contest.

Most agree that the nationally-
ranked Clarke squad should have
little problems in slipping past
Westﬁeld State, a club with a
record of 10-13.

Whether the Danes advance to
the ﬁnals depends heavily on how
well their defense neutralizes
WPi’s potent guards. in fact, the
deciding factor in this game might
be which team’s guards produce
more offensively.

Last Saturday in the SUNYAC
ﬁnals, the Danes' usually produc—
tive guard combination of Dan

Croutier and Dave Adam totalled
only 12 points -— scoring six
apiece.

“They didn't shoot well," said
Sauers, who will be looking for
win 501. “They were just
outplayed."

For that matter, the whole
squad had an off-night shooting.

“it's important for our guards
to get off to a good start," said
Assistant Coach Barry
Cavanaugh. "Last week, they
started off shooting and it got
contagious."

WPl is similiar to the Danes in
that they rely on their guards to
handle the bulk of the scoring.

The Engineers' all-time leading
scorer, senior guard Orville

Albany to play W'Pl in first rou

Bailey, has been sinking them at a ‘

20.8 rate per 40 minutes. Accor-
ding to WPi's Sports Information
Director. Gene Blaum. he can do
it all: shoot. penetrate. and play
defense.

Bailey is paired with playmak-
ing guard Greg Fiddes, who has

been averaging 14 ppg and is the .

third ail-time scorer in
Engineer record books.

“When our guards are on,

we’re tough to stop," said Blaum.

When the ball isn't being
handled along the perimeter, it's
usually in the grasp of their 6'8"
sophomore center. John Looney.
whose averaging 15.7 a game and
eight rebounds. Aside from
Looney, the Engineers do not
look for much scoring from their
forwards, 6’4" Paul Lubas, Chris
Whitney, and 6'9" Chris
Brunone.

“They’re big up front, but they
don’t score," said Dane forward
Adam Ursprung. “We've just got
to pound the boards." '

One disadvantage facing the
Danes in Friday night’s game is
that the site of the regionals will
be WPi's home court. The Danes
have never stepped foot’ in Harr-
ington Auditorium. Moreover,
Clarke, a school nearby, is also
expected to have plenty of fan
support. Meanwhile. Albany
State will be planning to send two
busloads of students to Friday's

game, according to SA President
Rich Schaffer.

“The road doesn't bother me."
said Hart. “Actually, it psyches

the

     

nd of regionals .

  

 

LIICKIV UPS

Adam Urs run uils u for e h -
~ian round :9 iegt'livosk'spsuNYhdﬁnalm' Bmckpon m me Open

me up. Hove going somewhere
and shutting the people up."

if the Danes capture the New
England Regionals. they would
host the next round against the
champion of the Mid-Atlantic
Regional, which includes Scran-

ton. Widener, Lycoming, and
Washington and Jefferson. The
winner of that contest goes on to
the Final Four —— which would be
a first for the GreatDanes...‘ ‘ >
But first things first. Sauers
18>

Six Albany wrestlers to compete in Nationals

By Cathy Errlg

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

With the dual season and SUNYAC tournament
behind them. six members of the Albany State wrestling
team are in Rock island. lilinois this weekend to compete

in the Div. ill NCAA's.

Sandy Adelstein. Dave Averill. John Balog. Jim Fox,
Andy Seras. and Shawn Sheldon will be representing the
ﬁfth-ranked Albany State Great Danes in the two-day
competition. Each is coming into the match with a dif-
ferent background and attitude. But they all share the

 
 

Dave Averill and Shawn Sheldon shown durln recites.
Rock Island. lilinois, white Sheldon will try toorsppsu es All-American.

same long-term goal; to be named All-Americans an

NCAA champions.

very much li

Averill went

w

Averill will try to defend his

For three of the six qualiﬁers. Sheldon. Averill, and
Seras. all SUNYAC champions, success in the NCAA's is
something they have previously experienced, and would

ke to experience again.

Sheldon, a sophomore at 118, and a second alternate to
the 1984 Olympics. and Averill, a senior at 126. were both
qualifiers last year, Sheldon for the first time and Averill
for the third. Sheldon was named All-American, and

on to win the NCAA title.

w,

 

TIM

  
  

NCAA championship in

pionship title.

the match.

publicized teammates.

 

ES UNiON

Coming into this year's competition, both have
undefeated records and have made their jobs easier in‘
that Ithaca College's nationally-ranked Bob Panariello,
“8, and Glen Cogswell, 126, will be unable to compete
due to the injuries the obtained in the Albany-Ithaca dual
meet in February. Both are top-ranked in their weight and
want to prove the ranking correct by winning the cham-

“What’s really on my mind though." said Averill, “is
making it to the second day of the match. Then I'll get
around to worrying about defending the title."

“That's absolutely right," said Sheldon. “You can’t
win the title if you don't make it to the second day."

For Seras. a three-time Ail-American. who red-shirted
last year's season, the match will be his final chance to
win an NCAA title. Although he has been the SUNYAC
champion four times. (the ﬁrst wrestler in l9 years to win
four titles), and was the ﬁrst alternate to the Olympic
games last summer, an NCAA title is something that has
always alluded the lSB-pound wrestler.

“l’m arguably the best wrestler in my weight class in
Div. ill," said Seras. “i've been second, third and fourth
in the past. and I've been invited to the Div. 1 Nationals
twice. This year, i deﬁnitely want the title." Like Sheldon
and Averill, Seras also brings an undefeated record into

For Balo’g. Adelstein and Fox, the situation .is
somewhat different. As wild-card qualiﬁers. their goals
are somewhat more modest than those of their more

Balog. a sophomore from Rome, placed third at the
SUNYACs among 134-pound wrestlers. as did Adclstein.
a junior from Brooklyn 111 I77. Coach Joe DeMeo con-
siders their performances as two of the high points of
their team’s SUNYAC effort.

Fox. a junior who transfered to Albany from Franklin
and Marshall last year. ﬁnished fourth at 146r Fox's
season Was interrupted In January when he pulled a neck
muscle while wrestling in the State competition. He now

10’

 
   
 
 
 
 
   

   

‘v

r

 
    
   
  
  
 

 

 

nine y “is old," Carolyn Forche

told h '_ SUNYA audience 'last
Thursday in the Campus Center Assembly
Hall. "1 didnft know what poetry was or
that there were any po'e'tsvstill doing it]
thought'all poets were dead.” After an
afternoon seminar and an evening poetry .
dreading; the audience was convinced that
' Carolyngifbrc‘he' ‘ now" knows what poetry
:‘is, and that'she is very much. alive.

1 ' began w'riting‘poeny When I was

 

' Loren Ginsberg

 

l When-she tried" to publish her latest‘
book, The Country Between Us, Carolyn
Forche was labelled a "political poet.” The
collection contained seven poems about El .
Salvador. Forche explains;_ "We; as
Americans can't think of El Salvador in any
other terms but political." One publisher
suggested that she. add some poems that
were "quiet, likerstill lites." These could be
interspersed with the others to makethe'
book more "modulated." .

The book was finally bought by Harper
and Row in 1982, 'and the’ public reaction
was,‘ “Politics and poetry! A new ideal"

“1 found it rather puzzling that in other
countries, anything could be a subject for
poetry, but Americans were rather shy
about what was considered proper. for
poetry. if you were a female and wrote

poems about abortion and divorce, 'you. . .
were a wom'anipoet'and could'be inrtheu . . 

women’s anthology.“§he applied this same
concept to feminist poets, black poets, and '
others. ' ' ,r . a

Of course, some subjects are readily ac-
cepted for poetry. Forche says sarcastically,
"Snow is very important to write about; i
had a lot of snow in my first book. That’s
probably why it‘ﬁwas published."
, Self-censorship is a disturbing concept to
Carolyn Forche. She feelstthat Americans -
are becoming gradually more open in‘ap-
preaching broader'subjects.‘"eVerything is
important, and it’s important not to censor'
oneself/“she stmssesi "it’s almost worse
than if it is done to as. One must be true to
one’s inner life and vision.” r . .. a.

Forche was awarded the Yale Series of
Younger Poets Award In 197b‘,‘which pro: -'
vlded a grant for the publication'of her first
book, Gathering the Tribes: VSUNYA-
English Professor Judith johnson-Sherwinr
received this same honor in 1969. After
her book was published, Forche was in a
dry spell. “i thought i was washed up at
25.“ She was teaching Englishat San Diego '
State University at that time. "My students
skateboarded into class. Four semesters of
freshman comp.. and my students wrote
about surf." rt I

in San Diego she met Maya Alegrla, the
daughter of Spanish poet Claribel Alegria.
Maya invited Forche to go to Spain for the

summer and translate herlmother’s poetry. . ~

Translation was a tempting challenge.
"Maya was utterly beautifully bilingual. l
was utterly college Spanish,” she explains.
Forche accepted the offer.

 

 

ACIsrloo Foe

Claribel Alegria was living in Spain‘after
being exiled from El Salvador for writing a

. novel which had been interpreteduby'the
government as a thinly disguised political ‘
gstatement. "That was where i began my

education," says Forche. "i spent the sum-
mer. learning about military dictatorships
and what was done to people who
disagreed with those regimes, particularly

, the writers.‘l realized that this didn’t just
‘ happen to anyone. We were the same."

.After that, summer Carolyn Forche

“beanie actively involved in traveling. "
7 writing, and teaching for human rights.

“mas course"of~action‘wa‘s'n‘atural tower»
che. She explains, "i see myself as a human?“ ~

being, and then as a writer. 1 also see
myselfas a concerned citizen. My political‘

- responsibilities arise out of my dtiZenship."_-
‘ : ‘ “The re'sul‘t- of her work in Spain was'ca'll?‘
. ed Flowers from the Volcano. Forche con-
} slders-the book "a collaborationlof Maya, .- '
Mommy, and me." At first; the American *

 

  

h ’
investigator, and poet. Her latest and most
successful book of poetry The Country
Between Us. arose out of her experiences
and‘was aWarded the Lamont Poetry Selec-
tion for 1982. "Whatever happened to me
fed the poems," says Forche. "i would
always have written poetry no matter
what happened to me. it might not have
been the same, but l‘still would have
written." '

After returning to the United States in
March, 1980, Carolyn Forche was struck
by the fact that the American image of El
Salvador was very far removed from the
actual experience. "i was a Girl Scout all
the way-up to senior Scouts. l was a
Catholic. I was patriotic. Now l'm‘ hor-
rified," she states. ”What l’m really worried

1 about is the‘media. l was there 'with

reporters. I saw what the'ys'aw. Then i
came home and saw what you saw. l
wasn't a radical, lawas just upset. i thought
you shouldﬂknowmore."

 

 

e: publishersv were not interested in

- ~. publishing .the book.‘:Forche:-_explains, T'l .
.v. could.not get it published until after. The
~Country. Between Us came out, and then -
" .-¥ihey=would.publish my shopping- list -if i >
,5 Wanted." r'.’

,w-v. After her return from Spain. Forchewas

.goffered a Guggenheim fellowship, one

year paid to do creative work. She was free
to decide where to spendithis time. "My

1. friends thought, ‘You're a poet; you should!

go to Paris and write poetry...or at least

. New Englandi’ "

Then she received an unexpected visit
from Alegria’s "crazy cousin." He urged
her tospend her Guggenheim year in El
Salvador. After Forche admitted that she
had not understood the events leading to

from the beginning in El Salvador, and

then come back and tell the Americans.
Forche spent the next two years working

in El Salvador as a journalist, human rights

the war. in Vietnamfhs told hertto watchitv:

 

 

 

     

Although ‘what she witnessed 'in‘ El
Salvador wasshocking she feels that to

. understand what is happening in the world
..is the vital responsibility of all citizens. She

.explains, "it‘s disconcerting. but when you
feel like you have more information, you
feel more safe. You're less confused.

4 You're not asking yurself‘ why certain

:hings arehappening although there are
Jeriods of disbelief that they actually are
tappening." _ '

"You've gotta do research, and you've
gotta dig in this country," Forche believes.
"The journalists try, and even the editors
try, but somehow something happens. it
gets cut up. i feel now that unless l'm in a
place and looking at what's happening, i
won’t know. i feel responsible as a citizen
.t »' -\ow.". . .

SUNYA was fortunate to hear Carolyn
Forche’s poetry and her message on
February 21. Her visit was sponsored by
the New York State Writer's institute. To

 

 

 
 
  

 
  

 
  
   

introduce her 2:00 pm. seminar in the
Campus Center Assembly Hall, SUNYA
English Professor Mark Nepo described
Forche as “that rare kind of individual who
is an inner witness of our time. She‘s a
witness, because she is a participant. She is
alive and thoroughly honest."

Carolyn Forche answered questions and
told stories with theatrical but natural
vivacily. Her voice assumed the tone or ac-
cent of whomever she was speaking about.
Sound effects added realism to her stories,
and imaginary gun shots exploded from
her fingertips. A wide scarf around her
neck added an extra touch of dramatic
ﬂair. She'later admitted, "I always wear
something high in front of an audience. I
get hives when l‘m nervous."

’ [At 8:00 pm. Forche read and recited
poems from The Country Between Us and

some of her other works. Dr: Jean Findley,

a representative of the Writer's institute,
introduced her as a poet who “dares to suc-
cessfully fuse personal vision with political
co'mmiitment in her art and in her life."

'Findley expressed great respect for the

poet and told the audience. "Carolyn For-
che found secrets in America and in El
Salvador because she loved both countries
enough to create that common ground in
poetry."

The presentation began with some of
her lighter works. One was about an inci-

. dent Forche had with a medicine woman at

a time when she was a "hippie" and wanted
'to learn about “herbs”. She ironically called
it her only scary poem. Another was a
beautifully sensitive ’tribute to a high, .
school friend with whom she lost touch.
Gradually her tone changed. "l’m going
to tell you some stories now. This is hard,"
Forche confessed. "These are from the El
Salvador poems." As the poet spoke, she
leaned toward the audience. urgently im-
pressing her words upon the listeners.
Forche encouraged questions'at the end
ofher presentation. When asked if she-
receives a lot of negative feedback about.
the. nature of the poetry, she answered, _

‘ "Mostly, people 'are pretty re'ceptive.‘They

recognize that something awful's going on.
They want to find out. it doesn't stirprise

, people, for some reason."

,The New York State Writer’s institute,
held a reception after the reading, allowing
Forche .to speak freely with audience
members and to realize that the feedback
was definitely positive. William Kennedy,
Director of the Writer's Institute, {felt that.
"She was extremely successful in doing
what a poem can do —— take us somewhere
we ' haven't been before. She's a
remarkable, inventive mind with great
power of language. Her social vision is not
social propaganda. it’s very rare. She's a
real poet."

When asked if she feels a sense of
obligation to convey her experiences to the
public, Carolyn Forche answered, "Yes. it's
a good obligation. l have a lot of friends
who died. They can't speak. 1 alviays feel
like l'm speaking for them." [1

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 

 

