 

  

Complaint
Directory

Ask-an administrator why a particular problem
has never been addressed and he or she is almost
sure to say “i wasn’t aware the problem existed."
Chances are that’s the truth. Administrators don’t
live on campus and they don’t attend classes. They
see very little of what really goes on here.

So, the next time you start to tell your friend
what’s wrong with this school, take a few extra
steps to the nearest phone and tell your gripe (or
praise) to someone who can do something about
it. Listed below are some key names and numbers
of people you can call, along with some examples
ofwhat you might speak to them about. This is, of
course, only a sampling of the people you may
want to contact. For additional names and
numbers call the CC info. desk at 442-5571.

Bus Service —— When you get tired ofwatching full
buses pass you on many mornings making you late
for your classes, and you‘ve stood there so long
that your fingers are almost too cold to dial, reach
for the phone anyway, and call Physical Plant
director Dennis Stevens at 442-3400.

University Auxiliary Services — When you look at
this week's menu and marvel at how UAS has
once again managed to serve its three worst en-
trees on one night and its three most bearable ones
on another. or you‘ve found something large and
disgusting in your Colonial Burger and you’d like
it identified, call UAS general manager E. Norbert
Zahm at 442-5950. He‘s told us many times that
he genuinely appreciates student input.

Tuition Rates — if you‘ve noticed that your tui-
tion bill has gone up while the quality of service
and education at tilis University is going down,
and you'd like to put a stop to this, call 474-1041
and ask for Mario. Don't get discouraged if you
don't get through right away, the governor only
likes students when elections are approaching.
Academic issues —- When you need an interpreter
to understand your foreign instructor‘s feeble at-
tempts at speaking English or your professor is so
wrapped up in his or her research that teaching
seems to be little more than an annoying distrac-
tion. call Executive Vice President for Academic
Affairs Judith Ramaley at 442-4000 and tell her
you‘re not getting the education you’ve paid for.
(We’ve found Ramalcy to be one of the most dif-
ficult administrators to get in touch with, so either
be persistent or try Dean of Academic Affairs
Harry Hamilton at 442-3950.)

Student Accounts — if a hold has been placed on
your account, preventing you from registering,
and you know you've paid all your bills and
returned all your library books, call Student Ac-
counts director Lia Catalano at 442-3200 and re-
mind her that even computers can make mistakes.
Dorm Maintenance and Cleaning — When the
carpet in your dorm hasn’t been vacuumed ill a
week and you can't dcscribc the things growing in
your bathroom. bring it to the attention of your
RA. if you don't get results, go to the Residence
Director and then the Area Coordinator. if the
problem still hasn’t been rectified, call John Mar-
tonc, Assistant Vice President for Residential Life
and Student Development at 442-5875 and invite
him to stop by your dorm sometime.

Parking Rules and Tickets -— if you get a ticket
that you think is unjustified. go to the Public Safe-
ty office alld appeal it right away. if your appeal is
denied or you‘re having trouble finding a parking
space during the day. call Traffic Control Director
Lloyd ilcbcrt at 442-3124.

(letting Results —— if you call any of these people
and you don't get results. call us. the Albany Stu-
dent Press at 442-5660 and we‘ll look into it. After
all. no one likes uninvited publicity.

Clip this
and so ve!

 

 

 

Tilt SllRGQO“ awn. SAYS SMNB

N “NE WORKMCQ l3 BAD FOR hie

kill-iii 0? Will-WEE... «e
I\ ,

(0’) 0

mutant Mill summit?

MRS HAVE RlGli'l‘Si'ioo!

  
 

939098 55914 9691103

 

 

 

 limit—:44

   

 

N-i. \ile PSK l5 'l‘ilk'i Yoli 5M2 iii
Tile: Nb‘ti Wiiﬁllmb SNOKNE AREA!

on... time?
/

 

  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

History of the greeks

With the outbreak of fraternities in the last year and a
half, there is an added dimension to the sometimes
monotonous life of SUNYA undergrads. But what many
students don‘t know is that fraternities and sororities on
an Albany campus date back to about the mid 19405.

Eric Haha I

For a couple of decades there were up to 13 fraternities
and nine sororities scattered in houses in the Pine Hills
area up to State Street. Western Avenue,and South Lake
Street. When the Albany campus moved from downtown
to the present uptown campus, the comute to class proved
too strenuous for many of the brothers and sisters. The
logical option for many of the groups was to house
themselves in the newest uptown dorms —— Dutch Quad in
1964 and eventually Colonial Quad in 1965.

Many who were aware of the previous presence of
fraternities and sororities at SUNY Albany were confused
when there was a sudden absence of the prominent groups
on campus. including myself in this general state of con-
fusion, 1 went to a longtime staff member, Howie
Woodruff. who is presently area coordinator for Colonial
and Dutch Quads. My reliable source cleared up my
misconception of a ban of fraternities for the entire
SUNY system because of a hazing death. Because of the
stresses of the Vietnam War and incidents such as Kent
State Massacre and Cambodian affairs. There was in-
creased disinterest in morale raising groups such as frater-

 

 

 

nities and sororities.

Contrary to my beliefs there was no ban,‘just “expira-
tion” of these groups. Howie's iasr recollection of frater-
nities on SUNYA campus, were Alpha Pi Alpha, Sigma
Lambda Sigma, and the Potters Club in 1978 (all local
frats). No national fraternities were reconized by SUNY
until about 1979, so this decision had no real effect on the
already defused Albany campus

For no apparent or distinct reason, fraternities and
sororities have been on an upward surge again in Albany.
This is deja vu for a pleased Howie Woodruff. Asked
why he is pleased, Howie commented "l have alway
though that fraternities had something to offer all those
who are interested." Mr. Woodruff decides to accept an
active role in the “new” tone Albany is setting by acting
as chapter advisor for Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity.
TKE is the first national fraternity to be recognized by
Residential Life with housing in Hamilton Hall of Col-
onial Quad.

There was no doubt in Residential Life that the deci-
sion of housing for Tau Kappa Epsilon would create new
variables for both the administration and the students.
For the time being relations are good between the staff
and students and it seems as if the good variables are
outweighing the bad. This “new dimension" of on cam-
pus greeks could prove to add much diversity to a recently
non-greek SUNYA. it looks like a campus greek life will
be back for a second bend.

 

The Far Side can
now be found on
the editorial page
on Tuesdays. It will
continue to appear
on the back page of
Aspects on Fridays.

 

 

 

 

 

'I'III FAR SID!

0 “85 Untvlllll Pull Syndleltt

By GARY LARSON

   
 

   

 

%. ~ i c
"the picture's pretty bleak. gentlemen.  the
world's climates are changing. the mammals are
taking over. and we all have a brain about
the size ot a walnut."

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Anilnal rights .

To the Editor:

Congratulations on Ken Dombaum’s excellent essay on
“Vegetarianism and Animal Rights." The animal rights
movement has been, for the last decade. one of the most
dynamic objects of investigation, by both science and
philosophy, ever to hit the world of academe. Although
philosophers are sti" debating whether animal rigthts
should be based on utilitarian or abst' .ct grounds, those
who would grant them no rights at all are an embattled
and constantly shrinkng minority. In a recent issue of
“Ethics.” the prestigious journal published by the
University of Chicago Press, a commentator described
the “political and social movement on behalf of the
animals" which has taken place since l975 as being
“potentially more important and influential" than even
the civil rigts and liberation movements on behalf of
blacks and women. He noted that the aminal rights move-
ment has already inﬂuenced moral philosophy,
philosophy of mind, the history of philosophy, the
history of science, sociology, and psychology.

Nor has science been silent on this score. Roger Sperry,
the eminent psychobiologist at the California institute of
Technology who won the Nobel Prize for his work on the
physiology of the brain, has indicated that, on scientiﬁc
grounds, we must replace our homocentric view of men
and women as the measure of all things with a concern for
creation as a whole. recognizing that it is unscientific to
impose degradation and pain on other species. Although
there is not the near-unamity among scientists on the
question of animal defenders that exists among scientists,
including physicians and veterinarians. One such group,
the Medical Research Modernization Committee, is at-
tempting to replace animal experimentation with more
up-to-date methods. Specifically disavowing
philosophical opposition to vivisection, this group takes
its stand on scientific grounds, believing that alternative
methods such as tissue cultures and computer modelling

 

 

aSpCth-S

Established In 1910
Heidi J. Glllll. Editor In Cilia!
Dun Chang, Jonph Frisco, Managing Editor

 

 

 

Novi- Editoro.... .......................................... ..Allcta clmoora. James O'Sulllvan
- I M nun- [Inn-l walnut"
45p."- hmm lnmn Ginsberg
Anoclale 45min  Spelling
.. . “a Mil-haul Eek

 

" ' " Sauer

 

 

Sports Editor
,. Editor Mike MacAdam
can... Mm- sauna"

 

 

..Fioger Barns:

Editorial Pogo: Editor...
E. Paul Stewart

Minority Altair: Editor...

 

 

.tohn Kunln, Senior Editor

Conirlbutlno Editors Dean Eotz. David L.L. Lukln. Wayne Paoraboom
EdltorinlAutoiuniI: Karen E. Book. Rachel Braslow. Pam Conway. Ken Dorn-
baum. Bette Dzamba. Bill Jacob. Blonds Schnctler Preview Editor: Pam
Schuatorrnln sun wrltlrlz Jim Avery. Rene Bableh. Dave Elatto. Leslie Chalt.
Ethan Chnzln. Ian Clements. Andrea Carson. Mike Dermanoky, Scott Eisen-
thal. Cathy Errlg. Marc Fonton, Linda Greenborg, Lisa Jackal. David Kaae,
Stacey Kern. Mark Kobrlnsky. Coiey Levlian. Caryn Misha. Slave Fiasco. Pater
Sands. Marla Santacrocc, David scolding. Karen Scnlomy. Rick Swanson.
Mlnhaoi Skclnlck. Jim Thompson. Angelina Wang, Evan Woiasman, Frank
Yunker

Morale Rnacnihnl. Business Manager
Stephanie Schonlul. Associate Business Manager
Maura Koilolt. Jacki Mldllnky. Advertising Managers
Don Flllahlt. Sit/BS Manager

Amy Silbor
Payroll Supervisor  .......... ..Fellcla Cassette
ctullilod Mon-oars ..Laura Butma.Tracle Paul
Advertising Salon: Karon Amotor. Flank Colo. cammy Divinailo. Drew Fung.
Fitch Llit. Michelle Pltatl. Donna Schrolbol Advertising Production: Gran
Behrondt. Betsy Borrelll. Eileen Chen. Jill Gentile. Alyaa Margoitn, Annette
Muller. Sharon Reed. Eric Fiolh. Pant Sh nplro. Roxanne Trombley Olich Stall:
Lisa Blahior. Jannitor Chncalos

 

 

KIr-Im Grin. Steven Ficherty. Assoclals Production Managers

Chlglhmlnllnl lnnnnlnn Dlanuzzg
Typicto: Laura aalrnn. Linda Chlcester. Sat D'Amalo, Grace Flooo. Tracts Paul.
Incl Sadlovsky. Pam Straubot Paolo-up: Nancy Creman. E. Phillip Hoover,
Amy Silhor. D. Darrel Stat. M.D. Thompson Ch-ulteur: Jim Lnlly

Photography principally Iuppllod by Unlvor-Iiy Photo Service, I Itudanl
roup.

Chic! Photograph-r. Kenny Kirsch UPS Stall: Michael Ackerman, Shall Albert,

Myrna Bravo. John Curry. Lynn Droltuo. Chuck Ginsberg. Ezra Maurnr. Mark

.Mottlavllla. Lisa Simmons. Llnnu sperllnu. Erch Spieool. Tanya Steele. Cathy

Streud. Howard i’ygar. Mark Vncnmlll

Entire contlntl copyright was Albany Student Frau Corporation. all right.
ruarvad.

The Albany Studunl Press to published Tuesdays and Fridays between
Aunmi and June by the Albany Student Pinon Corporation. an independent
notrturprotil coiporutlon.

Editorials are written by the Editor In Chiet with member: ol the Editorial
Board: policy in subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advertising policy
does not necessarily raileci editorial policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. 00 328
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY ‘22:?

(till!) tag-massacre“:

 

 

produce better scientific results than animal
experimentation.
Although i applaud everything Mr. Dornbaum says
about factory farming and animal experimentation, still a
third area of animal exploitaion which will soon be upon
us is the slaughter of wild animals by hunters. Those who
are familiar with the rhetorical uses to which language
can be put will know how this is disguised and put in a
positive light by using such terms as “wild-life manage-
ment" and the “harvesting” of “resources.” And i
would suggest to those readers who found Mr. Dorn-
baum's arguments persuasive that in addition to not
eating meat there are a couple of other things they can do.
We can all refrain from buying fur coats; imitation furs
are just as warm and attractive, and they are a good deal
cheaper. And we can stop using cosmetics unless we are
sure animal experiments have played no part in their
testing and manufacture.
—— M.E.Grenander
Professor of English

Poor coverage

To the Editor:

On Monday November 4th ASUBA (Albany State
University Black Alliance) held its annual Black Solidari-
ty Day. And to my surprise the coverage of the event was
poor. Had this been the Solidarity Day of another ethnici-
ty, we probably would have 'had the school day off.

Under normal circumstances the lack of coverage is not
a big deal. Except, the Tuesday October 22nd issue of the
ASP was the culprit of another minority event injustice.
The second page showed a picture of the lst Minority
Homecoming king and queen. Being intrigued by the pic-
ture. l proceeded to look for a follow-up story. There
wasn't one. The only logically valid reason for the
absence of the article was the ASP didn't feel it newswor-
thy enough. If i am wrong, forgive me. Otherwise, i beg
to differ.

1f the Homecoming was worthy of a picture, it is only
suitable to follow up with a small article. The same princi-
ple goes with the Black Solidarity Day. Give a little detail
or insight as to the history of the Day. perhaps highlight
one of the keynote speakers.

in other words, write something about the minority
events on campus, don‘t alienate them or make them feel
as though they are unimportant. Everyone likes to see
their name or organization in the newspaper.

— John Wilson

Thanks given

To The Editor:

Telethon would like to thank all the people who helped
to make Afternoon at the Bars the large success that it
was this year. We raised close to $1,700 for the Albany
Medical Center Pediatrics Child Cancer Care and Spina
Bifida Programs and Parsons Child and Family Center.

Special thanks to the Class of ‘86, and the Class of ‘87
for donating $250 to cover expenses and to Sigma Delta
Tau for working with us during the event.

Telethon extends its gratitude to the bars that make it
all possible: The Long Branch, The Lamp Post.
Washington Taverns, and O’Heaneys. As in the past they
generously donated their time and services to make the
afternoon enjoyable. Most of all, we would like to thank
the many students who participated this year. We hope to
see you all at our next big event, Rock and Roll Warfare
on November 23rd.

— Maraya Gallo
Co-chal'r of Events— Telethon ‘86

Voter apathy

To The Editor:

With election day behind us another busy time in the
SA office is over with and new issues and more busy times
are right around the corner. However, while election day
is past. 1 cannot let my frustration with the student body
here at SUNYA go unnoticed. As an elected official of
the students i feel it is my obligation to inform my consti-
tuents and the general student population about issues
that concern all of us, and. to make it know when i am
bothered by the actions of the students at this university.

This year, for the second year in a row, SUNYA led the
nation in voter registration with 4,200 registered voters. it
was a great accomplishment, and all the people who
helped with the “voter~reg drive" deserve to be corn-
plenlented. (It is worth noting that Larry Hartman. chair
of the Student-Action committee, was the main organizer
of the drive. i extend to hiln my compliments and con»
gratulations.) However, after SA takes the time to
register the students there is nothing else anyone can do.
The responsibility now lies in the hands of the individual
student. '

lfyou take the time to register, i cannot understand not
going to the polls. Voting is the single most important
way we have to let our voices be heard within the govern-

ment. Can you imagine the face of Mayor Wahlen if
4,000 students went to the polls and voted? Believe me the
phrase student power would take on a brand-new mean-
ing. instead, the students at SUNYA have once again
confirmed that we do not care, that we are apathetic
citizens. and that anything the city does is FINE with us.
if you give up your right to vote, you give up your right to
complain. if students want to be respected citizens within
the community, every student thas the obligation to do
his or her part. i now have one message to all the students
who chose not to do their part: Next year. when it comes
time to vote . . . put up or shut up!
— Mark Perlsteio
Indian Quad Central Council Representative

Won’t stab Greeks

To The Editor:

A recent letter to the editor accused S.A. and myself of
stabbing the Greek system in the back. This rather
melodramatic accusation comes from two of my
hypersensitive Greek friends who consider any joke about
the Greek system a threat to its very existence.

I have always maintained that the Greek system is an
asset and have stated so as recently as the Oct. 29th ASP.
Our fraternities and sorrities will continue to make
positive contributions by improving community relations
and have already worked in concert with S.A. towards a
better friendship with the city. This can be seen by the re-
cent community cleanup. Only through cooperation bet-
ween S.A. and the Greek Society can we achieve our
mutual goal of miproved community relations.

The Greek System will continue to flourish on campus
and will certainly complement the activities of the Student
Association in countless ways. As an integral part of my
constituency, i will continue to give the system my whole
hearted support.

My advice to my two hypersensitive friends is simple:
Learn to laugh once in awhile, even at yourself. Addi—
tionally. you left out an important example of my per-
sonal support for our Greel system — l’m sure my frater-
nity. Sigma Chi Omega. wouldn’t agree with any of your
far-fetched accusations.

— Ste~ e Gawley
President, Student Association

Bad deal meal

To the Editor:

The universal understanding that we all should act ac-
cording to reason is the basis for civilization. We all agree
to use reason because it promotes society and prohibits
chaos. We all agree. i maintain. except the United Aux-
iliary Services (U.A.S.).

i had the opportunity to witness a display of this so
called “barbaric reasoning" on an October evening dur-
ing my dinner meal. it was going to be another simple
meal until i violated some unwritten taboo barring any in-
dividual. under any circumstances. from indulging in
“two” main courses simultaneously. Now any
sophisticated connoisseur thrives on blending main
courses such as ribs and beef in order to enhance the
ﬂavor of the meal. This common practice of multiple
main course munching, is eyen popular among the
yeoman eater. However. practice this during a U.A.S.
meal and authorities you never even dreamed of, come
out of the woodworks to enforce the mono-main course
code. So. it’s legal to eat two main courses, but it’s illegal
to eat them simultaneously. And when l was halted from
taking my second consecutive main course the other
night, thus unable to “dine on a double," i placed my
plate back onto the counter. Naturally, l was discourag—
ed. but nontheless, i am sympathetic to the commands of
my U.A.S. cohort. Then, i witnessed this “throwback to
reasoning“ as my U.A.S. comrade lifted my plate off the
counter and discarded with it into the garbage. Profound-
ly she exclaimed “You touched the plate!"

That God forbids i should take two main courses, 1 can
understand. But when the U.A.S. decides to trash my se.
cond main course because i “touched it," i feel maybe we
need ofﬁcers who can enforce the rules of reason, for
those unfortunate souls who insist on preaching chaos.

— Jahn Levin
State Tower

The moron game

To Tile Editor:

1 wish to make students aware of a good alternative to
“the Survival Game." it's called the “No~Frills Survival
Game" (or the “Moron Game") lust semi me five
dollars and Hi send you:

i. A water pistol.

2.'l‘he name of a plaice itl the woods to run around. and

3.The name of unother player (moron) to run around
and shoot.

Save over twenty dollars. Register today!

— Andrew Brooks

 

