 

 

The entry requirements: are " relatively ‘
Simple. Thebar‘mUst get you from pOint

HE STATE_U_NIVERSIT.Y"OE NEW'YORK AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS CORPORATION

. TueSday‘

February 12, 1985

NUMBER 5

Report {a aimsbachelor’sdegree lasing value

Washington. D. C. ,

(AP) Colleges have become supermarkets

in which"_stud_ents are shoppers and pro-‘-
fessors peddle learning. and whereLthe.

bachelor's isn’t
anymore;
That "is the verdict a panel of scholars
rendered Sunday in a major critique of
America‘s colleges and universities.

degree Worth much

“As for what passes as a collee cur- '

riculum. almost anything does." said the

report released by the Association of _,
American Colleges. “We have reached a'

point at which we are more confident
about the length of a college education
than its content and purpose." '

The l8-member task force blamed pro-
fessors who place a higher premium on
research and'their own advancement than
on teaching. it also said that relaxed en-
trance requirements had contributed “to.
the confusions that beset" campuses. .

.“The curriculum has given way. to a
marketplace philosophy: it is a super-
market where students are shoppers and
professors are merchants of learning. Pads
and fashions...enter where wisdom and ex-
perience should prevail;” said the report,
titled “integrity in .the College
Curriculum}? ' - .t ‘

“Teaching comes first," the educators
declared. “This message must be forceful-

The panel blamed the lessening worth of a baghelor'e degree on proloseors more
concerned with their own advancement than te .

ly delivered'by academic leaders responsia- '

blefor undergraduate education *to the

"Unless" the reward system; .

/ .

urs
china.
education measures teaching performance

. I ' as well as research. all efforts to improve
research universities that have awarded the .
Ph.D. degree 'to generation after genera"
tion of potential professors professionally ‘

’ unprepared to reach." 1 . ' ' -

college teaching will 'be to no avail.” it
said.

The Association of American Colleges.
’which: represents 560 public and private
research universities, liberal arts colleges

and others with an interest in curriculum
issues based the report on a three-year
analysis of college curriculums around the
country. .

The document, prepared by a panel of
l8" educators. called on colleges and

. universities to. change doctoral courses to

offer training in teaching as well as in
academic content.

The project was to redeﬁne the meaning
and purpose of Baccalaureate Degrees. it
is the latest in a series of national reports
questioning undergraduate education in
the country’s 3,000 colleges and
universities.

The report comes on the heels of two
college critiques released last fall: the Na-
tional institute of Education‘s “involve-
merit in ’ Learning" and William J. Ben-
nett‘s “To Reclaim a Legacy." Both
decried the tendency for college students to

. take narrow. vocational courses.

The wave of reports coincides with a
period of national concern over the quality
of elementary and secondary schools. In
the past two to three years many states
have stiffened requirements for high
school graduation as well as enacted such

. policies as merit pay plans for teachers.

The report said that improvement of
education at the elementary and high
19>

 to'point  'xwithﬁa tOuch oi' styloﬁ
Europeanipreiét‘red. PerformanCea'ptto4' H
requisite. Enter Encore GS; The new 1.7—", f

tonnes

w,WMMWMMW

beginning. 0 is, .imest‘er. .A
available computers- and» ac-

Costa-demise good deal

Delivery is then made to the
student.
Hooking new computers to the

fer good exposure “for vendors.
“The faculty and students of to-
day make the decisions of tomor-

packages “at below wholesale

' Bi" JQhW‘ﬂf‘ 9'.ch .
“ prices. “We can offer low prices

, .,,STAPF we're

_ . _ Urns. out 41% .ttiore7ho.rs_et)ow(%_r .
more torque-for ’85. It’s. geared to a; front, wheel, 5%speed
moo transaxle, supported by a 4:whe'el independent susé

troni'c fuel injected engine; t

r

in the market for a new com-
puter or maybe affordable ac-
cessories? University' Micros.
SUNYA’s Computer Store. offers
lower than wholesale prices on
major computers and peripherals
in BA 3-20. ,

University Micros. a division of

cessories are on'displayt said
Stephen Rogowskl. Consultant
for University Micros.

l‘ll be here. to assist before and

after purchasing the computer.
We’re also going to fix computers
and connect them. ’,‘ said
Rogowski.

because we have the buying power

of the SUNY system, three hun-

. dred thousand. students, behind

us.” said, Rogowski.

Savings are substantial. said‘

Rogowski. Zenith. for example.
lists their top priced._model at
$2,999. but University Micros of-

with MaCPhersott st'rittS’up front-and twin'coaxiai torsion
1e rear. Superwide steel ‘Ibeitod'185HR xi "radio

oringfienhancetnetit

, I . , MASTER m ‘
‘. PERFORMING-ARTS    
,n, And  ﬁnely tuned (duz'iﬂl'ﬂexi1arraigoiitlet.leaves  ‘ ~ '
 behind ' with :56  . HWY, ,29 MPG CITY.* _

ore . GS, __Biz,{:z}l.t‘ 73w. Artntéi‘ti’tztt.  A nd (i
1' _'(".io.gt-'oo oi" pet"— " ’
:0. to I ifugl til i you 1'
yo t'o‘q1:11minorits:- ’

)anstnr Your resultys’niay {tiller ;
' piety Belts Savo‘ Lives.

n:maid

     

 

 

   

 

the Computer Center's Micro
Computer Acquisition Program.
0 ened its showroom doors at the

University Micros offers lBM.
APPLE. AT&T.
ZENITH and various software

fers it to SUNYA students at
“.599. v

SPERRY'. ‘
Ro owskl said colle e deals of-

Visitor jailed after attemptedtheft

By Pam Schusterman
STAFF WRITER

The-attempted robbery of over $250 worth of
jewelry from a State Quad dorm room last Satur-
day night has landed a weekend visitor in an
Albany jail. = '

The suspect. Darren Smith, of New York City',
who was visiting a friend on Colonial Quad. is
being held for $5.000 bail and faces grand larceny

charges for the robberyv of four rings. said a.

Public Safety ofﬁcial ho requested that his

name be withheld. t
t The victim. Renee Siegel. a sophomore who

lives in Melville Hall. said she had never seen the
.‘~suspect before the nightiof the robbery. .

{fl-lens a friend of a friend of my suitemate.“
_ 'saldjSiegel. “and neither of us had ever met or
"seen hitn before Saturday night."
 f According to Siegel. they had come over to say
hellobefore going to the State Quad Flagroom
Party. When they first came in. said Siegel.
Smith, who was alreadyi intoxicated. asked if he
could go into the room to turn the music louder.
“Before i could answer he was already in my
room." she said. '

“He looked very suspicious and from right
then i knew he was up to something." Siegel
said. -

Smith then entered the room a second time and
remained a while longer. again under the

retcnw of increasing the volume of the music.

Siegel explained.

“By this time i knew he had taken something
and i just wanted to confirm my beliefs." she
said, “and when he came out it was written all
over his face."

After Smith left the room Siegel went into her
room to see if the rings were still there. said
Gregory Ritucci-Chinni. the R.A. on duty. and
discovered the four rings were missing. '

“i checked the room brieﬂy and then con-
fronted him immediately." Siegel said. “I knew
he had them." she added. . '

Siegel said that when she confronted him he
responded with denial and guilt saying. “You
have to be kidding me. you‘can’t be serious." *

Siegel said she then asked‘ him to empty his
pockets and would not let him out of the room
until he did so. ’ '

Siegel explained that while she was in the
room. her sultemato Jean Tobin called the RA.
an duty. The dorm director and University Police
were also called. '

The four rings were returned, said Siegel. but
UPD officers suggested that she press charges.

"At first I wasn't sure if this was the right
thing to do. but i knew he came here with the in-
tent of stealing," site said. adding. "l agreed
because i thought it was the right thing to do."

At the preterit time. according to the UPD of-
ficer. Smith is being held in the Albany Police
Lockup and has entered a plea of innocent. [3

row. Students that work on these
computers will influence their
future employers to buy them,“
he said. '

“Traditionally, faculty and
students are underfunded. To
help them out 'We offer lower
prices. it also relieves the load on
the main frame if computations
are made at home and the main
frame is used to‘facilitate com-
munication.” said Rogowski.

“We're ﬁlling a need that was
neither recognized not filled
before. We're here for everyone.
We‘ offer the best. most desireable
products," said Rogowski.

University Micros store does
not keep stock. said Rogowski.
but rather -

I
§‘t_ttc_lgnt testing computer at University Micros

main frame will be easier with the
new phone system currently being
installed at the University. The
system will be able to carry data
as well as voice signals, said
Rogowski, enabling microcom-
puters to be linked to the Univer-
sity's Sperry main frame on cam-
pus as well as to other computers.

University Micros effect on
area retailers is not yet known.
but according to Computer Age
Magazine. the University of ii-
iinois Bookstore was named in a
lawsuit filed by four area
retailers. The retailers were forced
to close because of competition
frotn the bookstore. which had
access to low offers not made

on Auaumn UPS

IBM. Apple. Sperry, and Zt-nltlt brands are offered

 

