.— _ ..r mvuwmtymwwmmn,”ﬂvtw.Ww-ww.!wa. M4,... . A;§>I\'f.1"7¢4lL’Oﬂtlrlﬂlrt'y‘gv.‘ m-puﬂxw h-m..qs...‘........- o. .,-.J ....,

 

'17-. .. -. .. . .  -.~ .,-, .. i r.
\I, .- -,, . A, ,1... ,rtt.,t. lrt/ A...“ r «.2 .1 .5] ,‘t ..-
t.t\tV\.“ _lt,\ _.  t, w

 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl TUESDA Y, MARCH 26, I985 ' V . - _ t V. 1‘“

NEWS BRIEFS 

   

 

 

Worldwide t

Soviet kills American

Heidelberg, West Germany
(AP) A Soviet guard shot and killed a L .8.
Army Ofﬁcer of the American military
mission in East Germany and an urgent in
vestigation of the incident was underway
U.S. authorities said Monday.

The U.S. officer was kcllcd Sunday
while “doing his job and acting up-
propriately." said a diplomatic source in
the West German capital Bonn. 'He spoke
only on condition he not be identified.

The death was announced in a briel
statement from the U.S. Army's European
headquarters in Heidelberg. which said it
learned of the shooting on Sunday. it did
not identify the victim or give any other
details.

Papers report peace

London
(AP) Brituh newspaptrs say lrcltmd ..nd
Britain are on the verge of agreeing on a
new political structure that could bring
peace to Northern lreland. But officials

 

Some of the saxophonee oi Grammy nominee Nick Brlgnolla, who plays In Troy Thursday nights.

for both governments say the news reports
are highly premature.

A report in :.unday’s edition of the Lon-
don newspaper Daily Mail was followed
Monday by reports in the Financial Times
and the Guardian. The Daily Mail said Bri-
tain and lreland were on the "threshold of
historic agreement" to settle the conﬂict
between i rotestants and Roman Catholics
in Northern lreland.

. Nearly 2.500 people have died in sec-
tarian violence since 1969. Speculation
began when Prime Minister Garret Fit-
zgerid of lreland hinted at developments
during a speech in London. on Friday.

 

 

Supreme court decides

Washington. DC.

(AP) The Supreme Court Monday agreed

to decide whether states may force private-

ly owned utility companies to include with

customers' bills information from con-
sumcr groups and other organizations.

The justices will study Pacific Gas and

 

 

Electric Co. arguments that a California

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Assistant

Professor of

 

state agency violated'itsfree-speech rights
by requiring the utility to include such
material in its billing envelopes. .

The high court five years ago ruled that
states may not prohibit public utilities. and
presumably anyone else who sends out
consumer bills. from enclosing extra
messages'in the same bill. But the justices
never have considered whether states may
force businesses to include the messages of
others.‘

Bank holiday to and

Cincinnati
(AP) Ohio ofﬁcials are looking for the end
to the nation's biggest "bank holiday"
since the Great Depression. and more than
2,000 angry depositors of the troubled
Home State Savings Bank are looking for
their money.

Many of the 69 savings and loans closed
by Gov. Richard Celeste opened their
doors Saturday for the first time since
March IS, with a state-imposed $750 limit
on withdrawals. More were expected to
reopen Monday, officials said.

By Sunday, l8 of the institutions that
had obtained federal insurance were giten
the OK to operate without restrictions.
“instead of hot air about confidence.
yesterday was the day we established con-

    

DAVE ISAAC UPS

 

  

fidcnce," Robert-V McAllst _ the new
superintendent .of the. state Division of
Savings and Loans, told .t Sunday nuvs
conference in Columbia. '

MX vote. to be close
‘ Washington, D. C.

(AP) House Speaker Thomas'P. O'Neill
says he can still build a House, majority to
kill the MX missile system but that Presi-
dent REagan is “pulling out every stop" to
assure its sunivnl. _ . .

"The vote is very, very‘close." White
House Chief of Staff Donald Regan said
Sunday. The intense battle for votes was
continuing Monday, with House members
invited to a White House brieﬁng by
Reagan and the chief ttrms negotiator Max
Kampelman “on the relationship of the
MX program to progress in arms control."

The first of two House votes on the MX
is scheduled Tuesday on whether to pro-
vide the administration with $l.5 billion
for a second installment of_‘l missiles. ’i he
Senate approved that plan in two carbon-
copy 55-45 votes last week. ‘

Statewide 

Angels to. reorganize

Buffalo, ,N. Y.
(AP) Cutis Sl.\va. national founder and
leader of the GuardianrAngels crime-
fighting organization, says he is reorganiz-
ing the Buffalo chapter. which has shrunk
to only‘ 10 members and is doing little

 

. street patroling.

Sliwa hold Sunday' he has sent ~Dottny
Fisher. regional coordinator for the New
England chapters, to take charge of the
Buffalo office. Sliwa was expected to go to
Buffalo tonight or Tuesday.

“This doesn't rneanvthat there will not
be a {chapter in Buffalo," Sliwa ’s‘aid‘iti‘a
phone interview. “For the next week he
(Fisher) will send out patrols.” ' '

Slot machines held

- New Yar‘k
(AP) Police on Monday raided5l50 loca-
tions in New York City and New Jersey.
confiscating 1.3 illegal slo. machines'ttud
arresting 36 people in New York alone, of;

,ficials said.

Capt. Brian Hillen said the operations --
dubbed Stop Slut ll-- involved 550 law en-
forcement agencts in eight counties of New
Jersey, and l80 in New York. I '

Five of the locations that were raided in
New York City were warehouses where
machines were stored or repaired. The
others were gambling houses or candy
stores, according to Hillen.

, bookstore, V
The college administration is

By~Matthew Gavan

if a student at nearby Unton
College twants'to purchase a non.
prescriptive contraceptive, all that
person must do” is I go to the
school’s health facility,-m_eet with
a counselor. and pay for the' itun.

_At ‘least one student leader at
Union. ho'we'ver, believes that
those same contraceptives should
also be available at the school's
without counseling.

fighting the ‘move. maintaining
that contrceptives should be
available only with counseling,
according to an Albany Times
Union article.

At SUNYA, however, perhaps
the most straightforward and ac-
cessible contraceptive —— pro-
phylactics. are available on cam-
pus for only a few hours,each
week. when Planned Parenthood
holds shOp at the inﬁtmary. ‘

Condoms cannot be found in

.the medical section of the Barnes

and Noble bookstore. despite the
fact that the store stocks many
over-the-counter medicines and
cold formulas.

University Auxiliary Services
does not offer condoms through a
coin-operated machine because of
the lack of" demonstrated need.
“The request has not come up at
this point,“ said Vending Services
Director Paul Arnold.

He added that he had not heard
of any area schools that offered
condoms or other contraceptives

ruesm y, MAR on 26; 19851'D"‘ALaANYsruDENr mass 3

Availability of contraceptives limited at SUN-YA

 

 

“In a college environment,
a condom is as. essential as
Tylenol is during finals.”

 

they are an

 

 

through vending services.
According to Dina Roman, .he
assistant manager at Barnes and
Noble. “the previous manager of
the store assumed that condoms
and other forms of contraception
were made available to students
through the University's hettlth
e ,r v i c e . ' ’
The student health service.
which makes some non-
prescription drugs available to
students through its pharmacy,
does not stock or distribute cun-
doms or other contraceptives.
either. : ‘
Audrey Thompson, the nurse's
administrator at the health ser-
vice. explained that “students can
obtain condoms and other con-
traceptives through the Planned

tn

Parenthood representatives that
have ofﬁce hours at the health
service on Monday and Thursday
evenings."

“Planned Parenthood has been
on this campus for 10 years." said
Thompson. “They counsel
students. advise them about con-
traceptives and then allow them
to purchase the contraceptive
they choose, from Planned
Parenthood, right on the spot."

According to Thompson, Plan-
ned Parenthood offers a wide
variety of contraceptives to
students. “They sell all over-the-
counter contraceptives includnrg
condoms, sponges and sper-
micidal creams."

Although Planned Parenthood

 

 

Free listings

Patrick Edwards. Senior Vice
President of the Allied Stores
Corporation, will discuss
"Dynamic Marketing for To-
day's Retail industry” on
Wednesday, March 27 at 1
pm. In the Assembly Hall.

A Night at Saratoga Harness
Track on March 28 will be
sponsored by the North Coun>
try Diabetes Association. A
ticket Includes admission to
the clubhouse. program. and
dinner. For tickets call
869-0157.

Rabbi Chanowltz will discuss
“Understanding Jewish
Prayer" on Wednesday, March
27in CC 320 at 7:15 pm.
Carl Lankowskl. SUNYA

 

Political Science, will discuss
“The Future of the Atlantic
Alliance: Unity in Diversity?"
on Wednesday. March 27 at
12:15 pm. at the Main Branch
at Albany Public Library.

Feminist Alliance will present
Pam McAlllster. Editor of
“Fteweavlng the Web of
Lliechmlnism and Non-
violence."~ discussing
“Women and Development of
Nonviolence" ln LC 19 on
Thursday. March 28 at 7:30

pm.
Chaim Szmldt will host “Kab-
balah and the Occult" on
Tuesday, March 26 at 9 pm. In
CC 373.

Professor ingo Lleb. of the
University of Bonn, continues
his distinguished lecture
series on “Topics in the
Theory oi Functions on Strict-

ly Pseudoconvex Manifolds"
on Wednesday. March 27 at 4
pm. In ES 140.

“Real George's ’ Backroom"
television show will be shown
In the Flathskellar every
Wednesday night at 7 pm. or
their large screen television.
A Community Supper will be
held on March 27 in Chapel
House from 5-7 pm. The topic
will be "Holy City - Holy
Week." Call 489-8573.

The Albany Medieval Mllltla
will hold fratrlcidal medieval

swordtlghtlng practice evry.

Friday In the Brubacher gatne
room from 3-6 pm. No ex-
perience needed to begin. For
more Information call Rich at
457-7501. .

A Physics Colloqula will be
held on Friday, March 29 at 3
pm. by Russell LoBrutto of
the University oi' Penn-

sylvanla. The topic will be aChlnese DInneron Saturday.

“Metallo-Enzyme Structure
Studies Using. Pulsed EPFt
Techniques."

The Berlin Octet will perform
on Thursday, March 28 at 8
pm. In the Union College
Memorial Chapel. A Mozart
Clarinet Quintet and a
Schubert Octet in F will be
performed.

Gloria Anzeldua, Editor of
"This Bridge Called My Back."
will speak on "Personal and
Cultural History" on Tuesday,
March 26 in LG 6 at 7:30 pm.
South Africa will be the topic
onVWednesday, March 27 at
7:30 pm. in the Humanities
Lounge. Henry Elonge will
discuss U.S. intervention in
this controversial area.
Chinese Cultural Week at
R.P.i. continues until Satur-

day. March 30. Events include .

To make a reservation call Vln-

cent Kot at 268-7530.
Academic Altalre Committee
will be meeting-at 6:30 pm. on
Wednesday, March 27 in the
SA. Office.

Dr. Ruth Weathelmer wlll lec-
ture In the Campus Center
Ballroom on Tuesday, March
26 at 8 p.m.. sponsored by
Speakers Forum.

Dr. Robert Bowman, President
of the Institute for Space and
Security Studies, wrll discuss
the policies of “Star Wars" on
Tuesday. March 28 at 7 pm. In
the College of St. Rose Cam-
pus Center.

NYPIBG's Disarmament Pro-
ject will meet on Tuesday.
March 26 at 7:30 pm. in the
NYPIRG Office. New members
are encouraged to attend. Call
457-4823 for more Information.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  

5c more than just wooden nickels.

‘ By Karen Silverman

Whether you’re a beer drinker or an avid fan of
Diet Pepsi. the five cents you get from returning the
container can be a good way to find a little extra
money.

‘Since the bottle law went into effect in September

1983. students all over campus have taken to saving .

their cans until they no longer hate any space to
store them, and the money collected from can
returns is being used in a variety of ways by
members of the campus community.

Mardi Herald, a maid on State Quad, is saving up
cans for a trip to California. “l have been saving up
since the Lottle law wmt into effect." she said, ad-
ding that she wouldn’t have been able to make the
trip to visit her daughter without the money, from
the can returns because she wouldn't have been able
to afford it.

Many students and faculty members have also
contributed their cans to a familiar l.tcc on campus,
Paul Duidner, who worked at SUNY as a
maintenance man and is now retired because of
health reasons. He is often seen making his collec-
tions in the lecture centers and at various other
locations~on campus. “l collect between seven and
ten dollar.» worth of cams each day." said Duidner.
“it's my main suppert aside from Social Security
sirtce my retirement..". . w

Jim Barber. a resident assistant on State Quad.
said that his section collects cans and may use them .
to fund more dorm functions, or may possibly
donate th moneyto 'l eicthon ’85.

Last year. Telethon took in over $800 through

it’s campus-wide can drive according to co-chttir
Eric Dorf. Although the exactvi'igures were not
available. Dorl‘ said-he didn't expect to collect as
much this year as last year. “‘I think people have
grown nto.c accustomed to‘collcclmg cans for their
own parties," he said. V .

thy students said they save up their Cttns and
treat themselves to dinner out, pill'llcs or more beer
and soda.

General Manager oi' University Auxilnry services
Norb Zuhm snid soda \nles hut/elwcn up about 5
percent since last year. bttt there has been n
downward trend in comparison to the number of
cans sold.

As oi‘ the end of February Wits. Zahm said, only
about 30 percent of tilt: ctms sold were returned

This figure was donn from it‘s highest point,
which was rcttcltcd in August of I984 when 57 per-
cent of the cans sold were returned, he ttdtled. “l

uses the health service offices.

really"‘don”t= knowwhy they’rc'dropptng," satd
Zahrn. '

- Cani'tmn be returned on campus at the bowling

' alley, the iarber shop met at the sttbshops on .he

four quads uptown and the Kumquat cafeteria
downtown. ,-
' “No one quad returns more cans," saidZahm,
“but most people probably return their cansat'the‘
Barber Shop."
"People have grown ' more
accustomed to collecting ‘
cans for their own
parties. ’ ’
-—-Eric Dori"

 

“The cans and bottles are worth saving." aid

freshman Patricia 'Bi‘e’nnan'.“because in" the long" '

run. it's going to cut down on littler." instead of
just throwing their cans away, people will think
twice and cash them in." she added.

The move for a five cent deposit on bottles and

cans was .1 ten-year I.ght for entironmental ..nd

consumer groups and was a priority issue for the

~New York Public interestGroup (NYPlRG) for

eight of these ten years according to Tom Wathen,
executive director for NYPlRG. ‘
I‘ln a report to the Temporary State Commission
on. Returnnblc Beverage Containers by the Nel on
A. Rockefeller Institute of the State University of
New York. it was found that overall in New York
State between June and August. l984, containers
\v‘crc rcturnctl as compared to 86 percent of beer
containers. ' t ' ‘ , .

r The figures for the upstate region of New \ork
were 86 percent for. soda and 94 percent for beer.
while in the downstate regions of New York (‘ity
and Long island returns were only 63 percent turd
R2 percent for soda and beer. respectively. the
report said.

“Wc'rt very happy with the bottle bill and .he
way it's worked, particularly in the upstate region."
said Wathcn.

'lhc report also sttid that litter caused by beverage
containers was reduced by almost 70 percent.
“That’s; a significant decrease in littcr," Wtrlhcn

said. I l

independent
organization. ,
“Health service feels that Plan-
ned Parenthood provides an ade-
quate supply of contraceptives for
those who seek to purchase.
them," said Thompson. “This is .
why we‘ve never stocked these
items. We refer anyone who asks

.us about contraception. to Plann-

ed Parenthood. which has a con-
siderable student following."
Thompson went on to say that
if the issue ever became an urgen-
cy, health service would meet with
the Unviersity administration and
decide on a policy. “As of. this
point in time, there is no written
policy concerning contracep-
tion," according to'Thompson.
Roman explained that Barnes
and Noble was unaware of the
health service's policy toward'the
distribution of contraceptives.
“We are currently in the middle
of a management switchover and
l have not had time to meet with
the new store manager, Pat Haze.
on all the issues that have been
brought to my attention," said

  

  

Roman. “Having realized the in—
terest being generated in the situa-
tion, I have added the sale of con-
traception to the list of issues
which i will discuss with Mr.
Haze." she promised:

“The bookstore makes every
effort to carry what is requested
by the members of the University
community," she added.

“l‘have been here since 1976
and have not heard one.request
for condoms,” said Roman.

, “However. the cashiers have told

me that they have students inquir-
ing about the availability of con-
doms at the store." ,
SUNYA students Keith Wclz
and Scott Epstein, while standing
on line at .he booksto. c. said mat
they felt “the bookstore should
carry condoms. in a college cn-
vironmcnt a condom is as essen-
tial as Tylenol (is) during ﬁnals."
Tony Luparello. also a student
at SUNYA. said that “it's better
to have condoms easily accesable
on campus rather than make it
difﬁcult to purchase, by having to
go off-campus to a drugstore." [J

 

 

 

Senator Howard Nolan
Nolan will debate in favor of 21

“By Pam Schusterman
l’.~ll>l-‘ “RN: 4

debate society at SUNYA; Steve

 

Students, legislatorSto
‘ (debate 21‘ Wednesday

Student Action Committee will continue its battle against 2t in
the first student-legislator debate ever held on this campus Wednes-
day at 8 pm. in the-Campus Center Ballroom. -

Debating against 2| will be John Markov, president of the

and Larry Hartman. Student Action Research Chair. Gawley and
Hartman-arc co-authors of Student Association of the State

' .5.
Item utNSaERa urs

Gaulcy, Student Action Ch..ir;

 

University (SASU) position paper against 2].

Speaking in favor of 2| will be Senator Howard Nolan (D-
Albany): Bob Lindsay of the New York State Division of
Alcoholism; and Bob 'tVilloford, assistant director of the D.vis.on

’ of Alcohol and Alcohol-Abuse.
“i thought it would be a great idea to debate in public

instead of

lobbying behind closeddoors," said Gregg Rothschild, vice chair
of Student Action and coordinator of the event. He added that he
was very surprised when the ligislators agreed to the debate.

“i really believe that one of the main reasons the senator agreed
to come is bcCause of the large votertturnout on campus". said
Rothschild. “he knows and respects us as his constituency."

Joe Sullivan. a spokesperson for Nolan agreed. "it is logical for

him to debate. he has some 6,000 voters on campus.”

The debate will be covered by the three major area networks.
WTEN. WRGB. and WNYT and will be mediated by the channel

’l‘cn anchorwoman, Marci Elliot.

“1 was thrilled at the enthusiasm of Elliot. when I asked her to
mediate," Rothschild said. "she is extremely anxious to cover
this." Rothschild added that the local newspapers and WCDB will

also be covering the debate.

Gawley strcsscd that this would not be a question and ansucr

debate but rather a series of statements and rcbuttttls.

The six participants will be allowed eleven minutes each, he \lllti;
eight minutes for opening statements ttnti three minutes for rebut-

tal. “Rebuttals will he the key." he said.

 

 

 

