 

2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1985 ‘

NEWS BRIES

I

      

.V  “

The World &
Brutality charged

Johannesburg
(AP) An opposition group in Parliament
on Wednesday accused police of shooting
indiscriminately in their attempt to quell
riots that have gripped the Cape Town
area for weeks.

Officers manning a new rapid-fire gun
that fires rubber bullets were seen behav-
ing as if they were “trying out their new
toy," said a member of the Progressive
Federal Party’s “Unrest Monitoring
Committee."

A spokesman at police headquarters in
Pretoria, speaking on condition of
anonymity, had no comment on the report
except to say its contents should be filed
“at the nearest police station” for
investigation.

Gen. Constand Viljoen, chief of the
South African Defense Force, said
“malicious elements" were trying to
discredit security forces through rumors of
brutality by the police and soldiers.

  

Brazil to reform

Brasilia, Brazil
(AP) Brazil’s Congress on Wednesday ap-
proved a bill to set up a national assembly
to rewrite the Constitution, vastly altered
by the military regime that ran the country
for more than two decades.

The bill, introduced last June by Presi-
dent Jose Sarney, passed by a voted 399
to 6|. The tally came after a debate that
began Tuesday morning.

The measure calls for a constitution-
writing assembly to be made up of new
senators and House of Representative
members to be elected Nov. IS, I986. The
assembly will convene Feb. I, I987.

Brazil's last constitution, written in
i946, was changed by the right-wing
military government that took over in I964
to give wide-ranging powers to the five
successive army generals who served as
president until this year.

 

Jail doors closed

Nashville
(AP) A federal judge has slammed shut the
doors of the Tennessee prison system
because of overcrowding, a move the head
of the system said would help but “is not a
solution to the problem."

The order Wednesday by U.S. District
Judge Thomas A. Higgins bars the state
front admitting prisoners to the system ex-
ccpi for dangerous convicts who must be
kept “for reasons of security.“

He ordered the ban to continue until the
number of inmates housed at three recep-

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

tion centers is reduced from 1,771 to a
court-ordered 1,373.

Attorney General Mike Cody asked the
judge to delay the ban requested by
lawyers for inmates until after a special
legislative session on prisons, but Higgins
said the state “has been indulged time and
time again." ‘

Cranston blasts China

Washington, D. C.
(AP) Newly uncovered infbrmation that
China has recently offered sensitive
nuclear technology to Iran and other na-
tions threatens to derail the U.S.-China
nuclear cooperation agreement signed in
July, congressional experts and other
analysts said Wednesday.

They voiced concern that China will
help other nations, including Iran, acquire
a nuclear weapons capability in violation
of the spirit of the U.S.-China nuclear
agreement, which provides the framework
for sales of U.S. commercial nuclear

Hilton on Sta

 

 

 

The latest Capital District attraction is romantic carriage rides leaving the Albany
0 Street for scenic tours of historic downtown Albany.

technology to China.

Sen. Alan Cranston,‘ D-Calif., went
public with charges Monday that China
has aided, or offered aid, to Brazil, Argen-
tina, Pakistan, South Africa and Iran.

“My information is that China has
either engaged in serious nuclear trade
negotiations with or actually has continued
a series of nuclear exports-to each and
every one of these five “nuclear outlaw"
nations subsequent to Chinese discussions
with the Reagan administration officilas
on the importance of curbing such
troublesome exports,” he said in a state-
ment on the Senate floor.

Reagan to meet at UN

New York
(AP) President Reagan embarked Wednes-
day on three days of intensive talks with
friendly world leaders to help prepare him
for his summit meeting next month with
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.
Arriving at the United Nations for a
round of ceremonies marking the world

 

JOHN CURRY UPS

 

 

body’s 40th anniversary, Regan’s first
order of business was to meet with his
special envoy. John C. Whitehead. just
back from a fence-mending mission to Ita-
ly, Egypt and Tunisia. 4

The deputy secretary of state was dispat- -
ched by Reagan to soothe strains arising
from the U.S. interception of an Egyptian
airliner carrying Palestinian hijackers to a
safe .haven following the murder of
American tourist Leon Kilnghof fer aboard
an Italian cruise ship. ;

In a sLItement issued after the 20-minute
meeting in Reagan’s hotel suite, White
House spokesman Larry Speakes said
Whitehead reported he had been well-
reeeived in all three capitals and was conﬁ-
dent his mission had been successful.

 

UN makes traffic jam

New York
(AP) Fenders gleamed, diplomats preened
and motorists steamed Wednesday as more
than 1,000 state limousines delivered the
leaders of the world into the no-man’s land
of midtown Manhattan traffic.

“It’s terrible. It’s gridlock all over,”
said William Fugazy, owner of the city’s
biggest limo service. “Trying to pick so-
meone up at the Waldorf is just despera-
tion. And with the president in town,
forget it.”

The occassion for the occlusion was the
40th anniversary of the United Nations,
being celebrated this week by more than 80
government cheiftans and their en-
tourages. They moved by motorcade.
dipensing misery as they passed.

“They ought to have these nice beautiful
diplomatic meetings. outside of 'thelﬁilY.".
suggested Gary Scrittorale, clenching his
teeth and his steering wheel as he sat in a
line of halted cars outside the Waldorf-
Astoria Hotel. ' '

Store hostages let go.

New York
(AP) Two sobbing clerks and a jubilant
department store manager were freed early
Thursday after being held hostage for
more than three hours by three armed men
who apparently bungled a holdup, police
said. '

Two of the gunmen surrendered five
minutes after releasing the hostages. The
third gave up about three hours later after
one of the suspects. speaking over the
store's public address system, urged him to‘
surrender.

No one was injured in the hostage-
taking incident, which began at 9:30 p.m.
Wednesday and ended early Thursday in a
Times Square Store in the Springfield
Gardens section of Queens.

According to Inspector Robert Burke, 8
police spokesman, the three gunmen ap-
parently entered the store with the inten-
tion of robbing it.

 

 

free listings

more info call 434-0866.
Halloween Party will be held
Saturday. Oct. 26
Ballroom 8:30 p.m.-1:00 a.m.
Ticket sales Oct. 22-26 in CC
lobby.

Trip to Boston's Quincy
Market will take place Sunday.

Nov. 3. Tickets available
Tuesday-Thursday from 2:30
p.m.-5:30 p.m. in Campus

Center.

 

Student Zionist Council of the
United States will be held Oct.
25-27 at Howack Hotel. For

in CC

Jay Leno will speak Monday,
Oct. 28 In the Campus Center
Ballroom. Tickets on sale In
CC lobby.

Special Olympics will be
holding a General interest
Meeting on Tuesday, Oct. 29
at 7:30 p.m. in LG 11.

Who's Who Among Students
nominations and self-
nominatlone are due in the
Student Aiialra oiflce AD 129
on Friday, Nov. 1 at 5:00 p.m.

The Capital District Law
School Fair will be held on
Wednesday, Oct. 30 9:00
a.m.-tt:45 em. and 1:30

Center Ballroom.

University Community Sym-
phony Orchestra Unlverstity
Chorale and quest bass
bariton Thomas Beverldge will
play on Tuesday, Oct. 29 at
8:00 p.m. In Performing Arts
Center.

The Yale Russian Chorus will
sing on Sunday, Nov. 3 at 3
p.m. at the Troy Savings Bank
Music Hall.

Vinyluet record and video
flea market will be held Sun-
day, Oct. 27 lrom 12:00
p.m.-6:00 p.m. at 481
Washington Ave.

p.m.-3:30 p.m. in Campus'Marz-thon Concert and Open

The Race Is on soda can drive
for teiethon has begun. All
dorms have until Nov. 24 to
win. For more info contact
Diane at 442-6725.

Apache Heiay will be held Sun-
day, Oct. 27 between 3 p.m.
and 4:30 p.m. at small loun-
talns. For more info call Steve
at 463-5430.

Woman Internship Program is
now available for spring
semester. For more info call
Susan Kapiow at 442-4220.
Halloween Party at the Hilton
will be held Thursday, Oct. 31
at 9 p.m.-4 a.m. sponsored by
Pl Lambda Phi.

House will be held on
Wednesday, Oct. 30 from
12:00 p.m.-5:00 p.m. In the Red
Carpet Lounge of the Perform-
lng Arts Center.

Halloween treats are being
sold on Quad dinnerlinee, Oct.
24. 25, and 27 for $1.00.
Community and Public Ser-
vice Program Sign Up is being
held Monday, Oct.
28-Wednesday, Oct. 30 bet-
ween LC 3 and 4 between
10:00 em. and 4:00 p.m.

Let's Make a Deal show will be
held Friday, Oct. 26 at 7:30
p.m. in the Dutch Quad
cafeteria.

 

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Bus dri‘verfirecl after stranding many students

 

Students boarding a bus
“We had a bus driver . . . Notice the past tense. "

Young Republicans fight for campus vendors

By Craig Wortman

Calling it an “issue of freedom," the SUNYA
Young Republicans are embarking on a petition
drive to protest the University's new vending
policy.

The new policy limits the right to sell goods on
the podium exclusively to student groups. In addi-
tion, all proﬁts must go to the group and only
group members are permitted to sell.

The Young Republicans are ﬁghting the new
policy on the basis of “philosophical principles.”
President ’ Bruce Weinfeld said, “As Young
Republicans we believe in individual rights in a
strong sense. We want to protect these rights and
limit restrictions." ’

Weinfeld said he intends to circulate a petition
around campus to try to gain support for the issue.

He said he anticipates a great deal of backing, judg- ,

ing by the results of a previous informal poll he con-
ducted. “Students have overwhelmingly. supported
the right to sell, only one or two out of about 200
people have been opposed,” said Weinfeld.

“We believe in the people,” Weinfeld continued,
“people should be allowed to decide. An
authoritative ﬁgure shouldn’t say ‘this is right and
this is wrong’."

Weinfeld asserted, “this may seem like a small
thing, but what liberty will they take away next?
With the drinking age, there’s less to do on campus

anyway. What are they going to restrict next, where
do you draw the line?” he asked. '

The issue is in direct relation to free trade,
Weinfeld said. “People shouldn’tbe forced to pay
money to groups they don't like. Less people are
able to be involved so the market is control! ."

This sentiment was echoed by vendors on the
podium, all of whom were reluctant to have the
organization they were selling for identiﬁed because
they said it might jeopardize future relations with

.theadrninistration regarding solicitations permits.

“1 can’t ﬁgure out why they're doing it,” said
one student selling records. “l’ve heard a lot of
reasons, but I haven't heard any good ones. I think
it goes against the way our country is being run.”

Another vendor selling beer signs said, “I don't
agree with it because it restricts free enterprise for
students."

The record vendor was working to raise money

for the tennis teams, according to solicitations per-

mits on ﬁle on the Office of Campus Life.

Ross Abelow, Student Association Vice Presi-
dent, had a different opinion. “I do see it as an ad-
vantage for students for there to be as many sellers
as possible," he said, “but this is university proper—
ty, it isn't a shopping mail. We need to regulate a
glut" of sellers.

Abelow, however. said he saw no reason why

8)

By James O'Sulllvan
News EDITOR

As many as 50 students on two
separate nights were left stranded
last weekend on the uptown cam-
pus when a bus driver left work
early one day and then did not
show up for work the next.

According to Assistant Vice
President for Plant Facilities Den-
nis Stevens, one of two drivers
scheduled for the past Saturday
and Sunday nights was ﬁred after
the truancy was discovered.

In addition, University Police
Department (UPD) cars will be
used to verify that late night runs
are in fact being made, Stevens
said.

Many of the students were ap-
parently trying to return home
after using study facilities uptown
during the weekend to prepare for
their mid-term exams. On Satur-
day night, a bus labeled “garage”
refused to take the students
downtown, said one student, but
the driver was told he had to by a
UPD ofﬁcer when the situation
reoccurred Sunday.

“I was unaware that the other
driver had some problem . . . I
think given the circumstances he
should have” made one last run
downtown, said Stevens.

UPD spokesman Nancy Loux
said she had not-seen any incident
reports saying UPD ofﬁcers had
interacted Sunday night. Stevens
added he too was not aware that
an ofﬁcer was int/elved.

“We did have a problem —
that problem was one bus,”'said
Stevens, noting that normally two
buses run until about 12:30 am.
on Weekend nights.

"I apologize for the inconve-
nience and I have taken the action
necessary," said Stevens, adding,
“we had a bus driver . . . notice
the past tense.”

According to Stevens’ assis-
tant, Megan Beidl, the transpor-
tation supervisor will now be ex-
pected to call Public Safety and
verify that ofﬁcers have noted
that the buses are running.

“We can verify on radio and
we will do that,” added Stevens.

El

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

Young Republicans President Bruce Weinfeld

“We believe in the people. "

iBM mainframe considered for SUNYwide link-up

 

 

The Unlverelty'e current mainframe
A 52 million IBM computer Ir coming.

By Bill Jacob

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

across New York.

A network of computers hooking up SUNY
Central with the four University Centers could be
in place within two years as SUNY purchases a
set of IBM mainframes to link the campuses

SUNY has received bids from major computer
manufacturers to install a mainframe computer
in each of the four University Centers and

upgrade one year later, Hartmark said. The an-
nual maintenance and software expense will be

about $I.3 million, he added.

Installation of the new system is expected to
begin early next semester and requires the expan-
sion of the “machine room" in the computing

center, Hartmark said.

According to Hartmark, the State Division of
Budget was concerned about the rising cost of
computing in the SUNY system and recommend-

IRIOA IPIIOEL UPB

SUNY’s Central Administration building
downtown, said John Philippe, coordinator of
Computer Systems Development for SUNY.

iBM has turned in the lowest bid which fulfills
state requirements, and will most likely supply
thé”universities with their 3080 series of com-
puters. said Leif Hartmark, Acting Director of
SUNYA's Computing Center.

Although major companies such as Sperry,
Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC), and
NAS also submitted bids, IBM's bid was
substantially lower, Hartmark said. In addition,
an IBM would give students access to a computer
which plays a large role in the uniness field, he
said.

The lBM'at SUNYA will initially cost approx-
imately 82 million for hardware (the actual com-
puter). with SI million to be added after they

. . .t-u~.-.n.........

.-...w-¢ ~-.~~m...p....u..«. . ,.. ...,. . ....

ed that identical computers be purchased for four
University Centers to reduce purchase and
maintenance costs, as well as costs associated
with writing software (programs) for each cani-
pus’ administration needs.

Although the new computers will only b pur-
chased for the university centers and SUNY Cen-
tral, plans are being made to purchase smullcr
computers for all of SUNY’s four—year colleges.
Philippo said.

Although these computers will probably differ
from those at the university centers. they will all
be linked together by SUNY Net, which is cur-
rently. being developed, he said.

By linking the computers of SUNY's univer-
sltieu and colleges, students and faculty will both
benefit by being able to exchange information

6»

 

