..‘\

 

 

 

  

7‘ 22 Spong 'A‘LBANY'ST‘UDENT'PRESS’D'TUESDAK‘oc‘rOBBR’Bﬁrbb:

 

University Auxiliary Service *
I In Your Quad Cafeteria Sub- Shop .

Our new feature is

Buy 2 croissant sandwiches and get
one free

Valid only Monday October 14 thru
Thursday October 17

Also available- apples. oranges.
bananas. bagels with cream cheese
For late night snacks. '

 

 

ATTENTION
CLASS OF 1986

If you are graduating in May,
1986, and one of your parents is a
Clergy'person (Rabbi or Minister)
please contact James Doellefeld,
Director of Campus Life at
442-5566 or in Campus Center 130.
This information is solicited
for the possible participation'in
Commencement exercises.

 

 

 

 

 

Fullback Franz Mltcheli passes the ball on In recent action.

Men hooters blanked,.2-i-0

By Cathy Errig
STAFF WRITER
Saturday’s narrow 2-0 loss by the
Albany State men‘s soccer team to
Binghamton, a team ranked third in New
York. illustrates. that while the Danes
have proven they can play with the best,
they have yet to learn how to defeat them.
“We played a good defensive game.”

. said co-captian Carl loos. “And we had

early chances to score but we didn’t
capitalize on them.”

The game was scoreless for the entire
ﬁrst half. the most signiﬁcant occurence
for the Danes being co-captain Tihan
Presbies' receivance of a yellow card for
tripping Binghamton's Kevin Martin, who
scored at 66:47 in‘the second half for the
Colonials. Binghamton’s John Sherman

 

 

 

iii/17 Willi/W '

Bill and Tim of Skippers
Tavern Challenge You!

Come Down To
Ontario E: Second Streets
ﬁnd Let Us Fix You Death Wings

 

Our Loyal Wing Eaters ﬁre Outraged.
you have not only condemned our
WINGS. you have also scoffed at the
WING EﬁTERS ﬁnd They Want
Retribution

SO BE ﬁ MﬁN 0am SWEEMWQE

THE WIMP
THﬁT
YOU ﬁRE

DEﬂTH WINGS MﬂY KILL YETII

 

ON THE LIGHTER SIDE SKIPPERS IS STILL
DELIVERING OUR BELOVED CHICKEN WINGS
6 DFIYS 6 WEEK (N0 DELILVERY WEDNESDﬁY)

6pm - til lam CﬁLL 1963-6161

 

 

 

 

 

scored at 76:58 to give the Colonials a 2-0
lead. ~ v
The Danes' scoring chances were crush-
ed when Presbie received a second yellow
card, and was ejected from the game with
three minutes remaining. - '

“Overall, we've had better games. it was
a disappointment." said loos. “We had a
lot of trouble with the midﬁeld. and
whoever dominates the midfield usually
wins the game. They're a good team. but
they're not anywhere near Union or Cor-
tland. We could defeat them in the. Univerq
sity Center Championships, "

The Danes’ next - opponent will be
Oneonta. a Division 1 team on Wednes—

day. Presbie, who received a one-game-

suspension due to Saturday's game. will
not play. [I]

 

 

    

'jmylaznnrﬂe'sm
MUSIC HALL

 

 

 

 

' and

f QBK FM 104

Present

An evening with-
, The Roches

.CFriday Gaels
" 8:30pm

For Ticket Information Call
(518) 273 - 0038
or Write: 33 Second Street.

 

t

Tickets: .
s a 11 dollars '

Troy, 1w 12180

 

  '  ' ~ ' , * ‘   r  -' ‘ TUESDAYrOOTORER'ﬁrHSSEl-"ALBANY-STUDENTPRESS spons'zg

_   leaﬂess Albany wins-weapital’bisiric‘s‘

 
  
   
   
 
 
   
   
  
   
   
 
 

By Rachel Braslow

V 5011mm. ASSISTANT .. v V
‘_The tradition continues. Saturday the Albany
i " State women's. cross country team defended their ti-
tie at the Capital District Meet making this their
fourth consecutive crown.

~v l~‘-'1‘he Capital District Meet’was the highlight of
' on season; to thisMpoint.” Head cross country
coach Ron‘White said. “Now it's time to look on-
 wards the post-season competition."

Th“ meet favorite, EUen'Cdvaﬂo of Siena ran
way' from'the pack with gair'awésome 18:28:13

ocking over the 3.1 mile course.

' straightra-way, one could not help missthe sight of

purple and gold. Running secondthro'ugh fourth

overall and scoring ﬁrst'thro'u 7 third respectively

ban eteam members aren DeFeo, Kim

- and Lynn Jacobs. DeFeo (18:45:00).

(18:50: 1.8).and. Jacobs (19:00120)_were
only separated by 32 seconds,. ‘ ' “ ‘

One of White's goals for this season is to narrow
the gap between runners one through five,‘ and this
. the Danes-are certainly doing. .

Running a personal best and placing ’Ieighth
overall was junior Kitty Sullivan. Sullivan's
19:49:44 was a major breakthrough. it marked the

r first. time Sullivan broke the twenty minute barrier.
Following at Sullivan‘s footsteps was cocaptain

  

l " _' N “’ ’.'-r Mombasa
Karen DeFeo (right) led the Dance this. weekend at the Capital
District. meet. 13er finished first among Albany tlnlehere and
second overall with a time of 18:45.00.

 

  Once Cavaliehad finished. kicking in the ﬁnal

 

Bette D'zamba. Dumba. who missed several meets '

this season due to a heel injury is on the move.
Despite missing some early season meets Dzamba
looks to be coming back strong.

Senior Chris Varley placing 11th overall ran a
respectable 20:04:19 over the home course.

Also, running for Albany were freshman Jackie

» Phipps. sophomores Roseanne Smith and Rachel

Braslow, and juniors Brenda Watson. Carol Bart
and Sue Gulla.

The Capital District Meet was the last meet in,
which the whole Albany team' will run together. Un-
fortunater for the Albany team. they never reach-
ed 100 percent participation in any meets this year.
Senior running standout Donna Burnham along
with junior Carla Docharty did not run any meets
due- to injuries. Other injuries sidelined senior Sue
Spector. junior Maura Mahon and Braslow for the
greater portion of the season.

I The SUNYACs being held at Brockport next
Saturday will fire up some post-season competition.
White will be limited to ten entries in this meet and
in all other meets thereafter seven people.

The 1984 traveling team which went on to place
eighth at the NCAA Division III Nationals was
clear cut. However. the 1985 squad possesses more
depth. it remains a mystery to White and everyone
else involved, who will make up the select seven. [1

 

McNamara shines. as women boaters win two

Lisa Aniano put Oneonta on top at 8:25
of the second half. but Albany's scoring
duo of McNamara and forward Joanna
Lazarides brought them back from the
dead. Lazaridcs cancelled Aniano’s goal
seven minutes later, and McNamara got
the game—winner at 31:38 on an'assist by
Mary Dulkis.

By Mike MacAda'm
STAFF WRITER '

The Albany State Women‘s soccer team
finally have their heads ’above water again.
Consecutive wins 'over' Williams and
Oneonta brought them back to .500 for the
first time since September 23.

The Danes looked in playoff form in the
3-1 decision over Williants last Thursday.

but had to come back against Oneonta on
Saturday to post the 3-2 victory that im-
proved their record'to 6-6.

The Danes_made CoachAmy Kidder’s
,job easy against Williams as they finished
plays well and declared open season on the
Williams net with 29 shots to a meager five
for the opposition.

“We were sharp, we played some super
ball," said Kidder. “they didn’t have to be
coached too much out there."

kept her out of the Williams game. “She ‘

i had no business being out there," marvell-
ed Kidder. and she put her feeling about
McNamara in a nutshell by saying, “Joan
was just tough."

at 3:30 in a game that could put them over
.500 for the ﬁrst time since their opener
against Skidmore, should they win.

Lazarides played despite sore ankles that

.The Danes face Hartwick at home today

“Hartwick will be tough," said Kidder.

   

  

 

 

 

 

Kidder did perform what’she termed “a
major shift." however. when she put Mary
Dulkis, normally a forward, at right mid-

“but we've come too far this week to lay
down and die, and i know that's not going
to happen.” CI

 

 

Kim Koealek handles the‘be‘il for Alban
team bounced back to win tyre this was

 

.. ' e i uwaao rvaaauus
y In their loss to LeMoyne last week. The

 

field and backer'CherylHensen at left
midfield. -' . "

"That made a difference in our of:
fense.” said Kidder, “they really got
things going." ‘ -

The strategy paid off at 33:05 of the ﬁrst .
half when Hensen assisted forward Sue
Frost‘s goal to put the Danesup 1-0. High- v
scoring forward Joan McNamara added
goals at 42:16 of the first half and 16:30 of
the second half. and it was more than
enough as Williams managed only a se-
cond half goal by Gigi Madore.

 

“They weren't a pushover, but it didn't
matter who we played." Kidder said of the
all-around team effort, ;

Kidder also had high praise for
freshman sweeper Sandi Buit'ron. “Sandi
did a great job." said Kidder. “She came
up nicely and attacked." Co-cnptains
Sharon Yabionski and Laura McGrath,
and sophomore backer Kathy Parker also
had. according to Kidder. “games of their
season.”

‘And the good habits established in the
Williams game were evident early on when
Albany facedOneonta last Saturday. but
this time McNamara's first half goal was
equalled by Oneonta's Kim Dinner at 38:22
of the first half. Suddenly, Albany’s offen-
sive gears were jammed as they tried to
make passes that weren’t there.

“We played real well, and then
something happened." explained Kidder.
"they were shutting down our passing

' Eriday, with all but one .Albany singles
‘ player losing.

 

Ntwom‘en lose despite victory by Valins

8y Ethan Chazln

STAFF WRITER _‘ ‘
> For the Albany State women's tennis

team this year. one fact cannot be ..

denied: for them to take the SUNYAC
Championships._thcy will run up against
SUNY powerhouse Binghamton. And
when they do. the Danes will have to
play better against the Colonials than

T . they did on Friday, losing 6-2.

The Danes fell to the Colonials on

. The exception was at sixth singles. the :

V .' spot occupied by Lisa Valins, who beat

Lynn Schwartz. 7-6, 4-6I 7-5.

Valins felt good about the way she .
played. “i felt i played with a lot more
consistency than I have," said Valins.
The lone Dane singles winner. also
believed that her experience was a con- .
tributlng factor to her victory. «w

Geri Chlodo. at number one singles,
lost to the Colonials' top singles player.
Bonnie Locdel 6-2, 6—2. The Coionial's
second singles player, Stephanie Benndo
defeated Caryn Levy 6~2. 6-3.

At third singles, Ellen Katz. lost 6~2.
6‘1 to Binghamton's Jessica Vernon.
Playing fourth singles, Valerie Vullo
defeated Liz Felnberg 6-4. 6-3. Roun—
ding out the top five. Natalie Goldberg
was blanked by Leslie Silverman 6-0.
60.

The only other Dane claim to fame

‘ 5-7, 6-3. 6-4.

. ‘winning their‘maich‘ all the‘time of the

came at ﬁrst doubles. Chide and Levy
fell in the first sct.to the Locdel and
Benado duo. 7-6. but came on strong to
win the next two and the match 6-4..6-4.

At second doubles. the Colonial’s
Vernon and Maia Weisburgcr needed
three sets to beat Goldberg and Katz

' The third doubles match was cancell-
ed- due to a lack of time. Coecaptains
Nina Cheung and Nancy Forbes were

cancellation.

Bingharnton, the SUNYAC women’s
champions for the last several years.
displayed their strength against the
Dane netwomen. it was a case of too
much strength and depth working for
Binghamton. ’ .

‘»‘Bingharnton has been the SUNYAC
champs for the past shveral years." said
Albany Head Coach Linda Myers. “it
would have been a great upset to
Blnghamlon and a great victory for us
had we won.”

The Albany State netwomen’s next
face Amherst. it will be their last
scheduled match before the SUNYAC
Championships on October 18111.

' A win for the Danes,who stand at 6-3.
would be a real b1 est right now. Win or
lose against Amherst. the money's got
to be on them to be the team to upstage
Blnghalnton's bid at another SUNYAC

 

Championship. Cl

 

 

‘ it
,, on taln Nine cheun .
lanes. but we still tried to force It. co. p, . . '

 

“3

a

