 

2 Its Dace m be! ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDA Y, DECEMBER 10, I985

 

From the Editor

There is not an informed Division III basketball fan who does not agree

that Dick Sauers possesses one of the finest basketball minds in this
coun .

Horith else can he have rolled off thirty-two consecutive winning records
at a university which prides itself in rigid admission policies. Though he
rarely talks about it. Sauers is at a severe recruiting disadvantage. The
notorious Potsdam coach jerry Welsh is able to recruit high school basket-
ball players who have absolutely no chance of gaining admittance to
Alban .

But Syauers goes about his recruiting business quietly and produces win-
ning teams with the limited talent at hand. He has been able to win
SOD-plus basketball games. ranking him in the top-40 on the all-time list
for college coaches.

And for those who might think Sauers has lost his touch after all these
years. forget it. Last season. Sauers was at his best. There have been
more talented teams at Albany than the '84-'85 edition. but few have ac-
complished more than last season's squad.

The ‘84-'85 Danes compiled an unexpected 22-6 record as Sauers' career
victory total reached 500 a season sooner than most people predicted.
The Danes stunned Potsdam, an eventual NCAA ﬁnalist. on a glorious
evening at University Gym. And lastly. the Danes qualified for the
NCAAs and were a Dave Adam jumper away from the second round of
the tourney. «Who knows what would have happened if Adam's shot fell.
considering that the uninvincible Potsdam Bears went all the way to the
ﬁnals.

As the present season approached. Sauers was telling the media that his
team was hurting. Losing seven players from last year, including two
players who unexpectedly quit. it appeared on the surface the Danes
might have some shortcomings.

But you can never just look on the surface when analyzing a Sauers'
team. The Danes have sprinted from the gate with five victories. The
Danes stole the Capital District Tournament they were supposed to ﬁnal-
ly lose. RPI was bigger and stronger and perhaps more talented than
Albany.

Ah. but that’s on the surface; Take a closer look and on you see a
middle-aged man on the bench totally enrapped in a basketball game.
He’s the neatly dressed one. with a trim ﬁgure. intense eyes and a tiny
bald spot. He is Dick Sauers. a legend. and the reason why Albany State
basketball teams are not used to losing.

L’ n 'V J p
I} (L. f  a“. ,’-’_¢\.r.4i

 

 

 

_
Page 3:
Ursprung: The leader on the court ‘ -
Managing Editor Dean Chang proﬁles Albany Slate's premier
foward Adam Ursprung. ' ‘
Kosalek tryiri to juggle two sports

Supplement e itor Marc Berrnan features junior Kim Kosalek. who
plays a key role on the Albany State soccer and basketball teams.

Centerfold:

The 1985-1986 Great Danes . ' .

Sports Editor Kristine Sauer takesan in-depth look at Dick Sauers'
Albany State basketball team. ‘ ‘ ’

Staff writer A1 Baker analyzes Mari Warner's women’s basketball
team.

Page 6:

Men's l985-‘86 SUNYAC Preview .
Associate Sport Editor Mike MacAdam predicts who will be the
beast of the perennially tough men's SUNYAC East. .

Page 7:
Women's '85-'86 SUNYAC Preview

Staff writer Cathy Errig picks the Danes in her review of the
women's SUNYAC Conference.

Photographs '

Centerfold pictures of Adam Urpsprung. Brian Kauppila. and Rain-
ny Lesane—Debbie Logan are file photos courtesy of University
P «am Service. The rest of the pictures were taken by Kenny Kirsch.

 

 

 

 

 

EﬁRN MONEY

oven THE HOLIDﬁY
BREHK
in arc and LONG
Ismno.

 

Put your social conscience to work on
envrronmentul and consumer issues.

[serum 8 ﬂ 8©°$2 9369 weelkiijy.

Coll NYPIRG in NYC (212)619-1891
and Long Island (516)473-9100.

 

 

 

 

AMIA
Is Currently Accepting *
Applications for

STUDENT
ASSISTANTS .(SA's

 

*Applications. should have a stong
and diversiﬁed sports
background.

*Applications can be picked up in

the Intramural Ofﬁce (B109) and

can be turned in at the Intramural

Ofﬁce or at scheduled AMIA

Council Meetings (Thursday 6: 30
PM. cc370)

*For More Info call 442-3239

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  December 3

 

By Dean Chang
MANAGING EDITOR

When Adam Ursprung stepped onto the court in his
first game as a starter In the season-opener against
CCNY two years ago. no one was quite sure what to
expect from the 6'4" lanky freshman. Any kind of
contribution to the team "would have been a plus.

Now the expectations are a little bit higher. and

deservedly so. In that first game against CCNY. -

Ursprung made his presence immediately felt. snar-
ing 11 rebounds. In his next game he got nine.

That year Ursprung made the New York State All-
Rookie team. Last year he made the All-SUNYAC
team as a sophomore. averaging 131.6 points and 9.3
rebounds a game to lead the Danes in both
categories.

This year Albany will lean heavily on Ursprun for

 

 

.

Koslek tring' to iuggle two sports

many things. es lecially for some needed strength
under the boar 5. Gone are Greg Hart and Pete
Gosule. ‘two reliable frontcourt starters last year.
Gone is Rich Chapman, who would have helped up
front had he not‘quit the team earlier this year. john
.Mracek retums. but; he's more of a scorer than a re-
bounder. That leaves Ursprung alone to fend for re-
bounds. an undesirable situation for even a re-
bounder of Ursprung's caliber.

“We'll miss Greg a lot." said Ursprung. "He's so
strong in there. and last year john was basically a
scorer. ’But he realizes if_he doesn't rebound. we
won’t win." ' ' «

No matter what his teammates do. Ursprung will
still get his rebounds.

“He's got a great nose for the ball." said Head Coach
Dick Sauers. “He feels he's the one who's going to get
the ball. He‘s a good. jumper. has good timing and a
good pair of hands. He should average more than 10
rebounds a game this year."

Points and rebounds aren’t the only two things

' H Ursprung ledlthe team in last year: he also had the

team‘s best vertical jump at 341/2". But it's not just the
physical talents that .enable him to control the
oar s.

 "He had a lot of things you can't teach that make _

him a good rebounder." said co-captain Doug Kilrner.
'Ki er 'remembEred Ursprung as a freshman who

had a lot of natural ability. But Kilmer wasn't im-

pressed by his shooting or his ball-handling. which
were only average. Kilmer said.

Ursprung worked hard to improve those parts of his
game, especially the shooting.

-  "When I came out of high school. I thought I shot

pretty good." said Ursprung. “But I shot terrible from
outside: I was rushing all my shots."

"With Adam. it's a pride thing." said Sauers. "He's
one of those people who believes he's got to make
every shot. ’He works very hard on his shooting."

Ursprung works hard on everything; that's his
nature. He‘s cut in the mold of a Dick Sauers player —
competitive, and a strong desire to win. The two
seem made for each other.

"I like the wa [a Sauers team] plays." said
Ursprung. “Good efense. discipline — he’s always so

‘ prepared. He knows what he wants to do against

teams. He knows so much about the game that he
wins when he really shouldn’t."
Sauers played a large role in Ursprung's decision to

.pUrsprung': Thelea‘der on the 'court

choose to attend Albany State over RPI as a senior at
Catskill High School.

Ursprung didn't play much as a junior at Catskill. as
his team went all the way to the state ﬁnals in Sec-
tion II. But in his senior year at center. Ursprung
displayed the talent that made him one of the more
highly recruited players in the area.

“We worked hard on recruiting  said Sauers.
"His desire impressed me instantly.‘

"His only problem is when he presses," said Sauers.
"When he relaxes. he does everything well. At Cat-
skill. they have a run-and-gun style. Over here.
sometimes he gets a little impatient."

The transition from high school to college basket-
ball was not an easy one for Ursprung; he was
thrown right into the starting line-up in his ﬁrst game
as a Dane.

."He [Sauers] told me I probably wouldn't make the
team." said Ursprung. "I thought I was going to be
cut.

“I thought (jan) Zadoorian would start." said
Ursprung. "Even though I made mistakes. he stuck
with me. That helped."

just about the only times when Sauers took
Ursprung out of the game was when he needed a
breather.

"We‘re working on his stamina." said Sauers.
"We're counting on him for 30-plus minutes a game
this year."

The plan seems to be working. In a preseason
scrimmage against LeMoyne, Ursprung played
almost the entire game.

"just being older helps." said the 20-year old
Mathematics major. "I'm a little bit stronger."

Part of Ursprung's added strength can be attributed
to a strenuous weight program. which was originally
implemented to change him from a small forward in-
to a power forward.

“He's stronger than he was. but his best position is
still three-man (small forward)." said Sauers. "He
may post up more on offense."

' Ursprung said he felt uncomfortable at the power
position.

"I tried four-man at the beginning of the year. but it
felt awkward." said Ursprung. "I 'can usually pick my
spots to get rebounds. Bigger guys pushing around
doesn't ﬁt my style."

The only thing that can seemingly keep Ursprung
7»

 

 

m

 

By Marc Bennan
SPORTS SUPPLEMENT EDITOR

Kim Kosalek was sure she had just
played in, her last game of organized
basketball.

H. r Tully High School basketball

tea had just lost in the semiﬁnals of
the New York State Class D cham-
pionships. and as Kosalek undressed
in the quiet lockerroom, she thought
her basketball career was ﬁnished.

She planned on attending Alban
State in the fall and play for Amy Ki -
der's soccer team. "It (basketball) just
got too intense for me." said Kosalek.
who wears her long blonde hair in a
pony-tail. "It was basketball all the
time. The pressure was too much. I
needed a change."

Albany State basketball coach Mari
Warner was interested in havingthe
5‘10" Kosalek play big forward on the
team. but purposely didn't bother
her during the.,fall. soccer season.
Kosalek was on the road in Cortland
with the Albany soccer team the day
basketball tryouts were held.

But as soon as the soccer season
ended, Warner invited Kosalekfor a
special tryout. "It was just Kim and I
in the gym." remembers Warner. "I
had never given a tryout like that
before. We went through different
drills and I could tell right away her
ability. She was someone we wanted
on the team."

Three weeks ago, Kosalek finished
up her third season with the Danes'
soccer team. She scored three goals
as a halfback and aided in helping
Kidder's team to its best record (8-8)
In four years. Kosalek's attention is
now turned to basketball and
Warner's rigorous three-hour long
practice sessions.

“I like college soccer,“ said Kosalek
after practice before the start of the
season. "But basketball is my first
love. But I never thought I‘d do
bot  '

There is only one other woman
who plays for two Albany State
athletic teams. Terry Sokol. a

' member of the gymnastics and soft-

ball squads.

Playing back-to-back seasons has
taken its toll. but Kosalek says she
has no regrets. "Soccer gets me in
shape for the basketball season."
said Kosalek. "But sometimes I find

myself kicking abasketball and I do.

feel a little burnt out."

For three weeks in mid‘Oct‘obcr.
Kos‘alek had good reason to be ex-
hausted. After practicing with the
soccer team from 3100-5130. Kosalek
had just enough time to change into
her basketball attire for Warner's six
o'clock practice. There were times
Koselak would be forced to miss
Warner’s practice because the soccer
team had a game on the on the road.

"There were times when she was

going back and forth from one prac-
tice to another and it must have been
very stressing." said assistant coach
Nanc Salonpuro. "But with her.
you“ never know it." ,

Warner thinks the effects of her
playing soccer is two-sided. “It affects
her positively in the sense that she
definitely comes in shape. and she
has the discipline needed for a
team." says Warner. "Negatively it
affects her because she comes in
tired."

Rainny Lesane. the all-time leading
scorer in Danes' history. feels soccer
is not detrimental to Kosalek's
basketball game. "I don‘t think it
hurts at all. except that she comes in
with bruises." Lesane said. “She
learns the plays fast."

Most players wouldn't be able to
get away with skipping those crucial
early season practices. "Kim's an ex-
ception to the rule." said Warner.
"She has the intelligence to pick up

things quickly. "

Intelligence is a word most often
used by players and coaches when
describing Kosalek. She has managed
to maintain a B average as a Com-
puter Science major despite her
many horirs away from the library
and inside the gym.

"She adapts real well to situations,”
said ,Wamer. "You never have to
repeat things."

Koselak understands the impor-

tance of the intelligence factor. "You
can have the best skills." she said.
"But if you don't have it in the
head..."

Salonburo points out other
qualities Kim possesses unobvious to

the casual observer. “She's even-
7»

 

 

 

 

