 

  

‘ .u- ~.'u)aanmi‘2s~A .0 .. . .. ‘ — .3...

 

22 spans ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 1:1 TUESDA Y, FgaRuAR-Kzs, 19s: 

GymnaSts lose‘to Long Island  

By Lisa Jackal

'The Albany State women’s gymnastic
team suffered a close defeat on Sunday.
losing to Long Island University by a mere
two points. Despite the loss. which brings
the team record to 9-2. the Danes received
a high team score of 150.75. This score will
aid them in qualifying for ECACs. which
.wili be‘held here at Albany March 9th. and
the NCAA Regionals - held at Ithaca
March 16th.

The Danes had an outstanding overall
team performance. They received the
highest floor score of the season. a 40.0.
Michele Husak. a freshman on the team,
has been going strong all season. She has
captured first in every mect except one. in
which she tied for second. In this tnect.
Michele set a new school record as she
took first with an incredibly high score of
8.”. She showed great form and poise. Her
routine was filled with plenty of zest.

“Gymnastics is a lot of fun and i
couldn't live without it." said Husak."
l‘m happy to be doing so well.“

Nora Beilantoni. also consistently
strong for the team. finished third in the
floor exercise with a score of 8.1.

Jennifer Cleary captured first on the
balance beam with a score of 8.25. Karen
Bailey and Brenda Armstrong added to the
beam total. both with marks of 7.15.

Leslie Stcckle. strong for the Danes on
the uneven bars. placed third with a score
of 7.95. Brenda Armstrong and Beiiantoni
also had solid routines. scoring 7.4 and 7.2
respectively.

Sue Leskowitz and Armstrong both tied
for second on the vault with scores of 8.25.
Armstrong, who has been consistent in all
four events. captured a medal for third
place in the all-around division with a
score of 30.45.

This was a good meet for the Danes.
showing that this Division 111 school can
compete on the Division I level.

Last Saturday. Fcbuary 16, the Albany
State women's gymnastic team‘had a dou.
ble win. beating Bryn Mawr and Hofstra
University in a tri-meet. The Albany
women’s gymnastic team also blew away
Westfield in a dual meet Wednesday.
February 20. winning all four events.

 
  

 
 

>.:’ «1. 7.... A... on...” __N“‘ . M..- .....__ _r_>...‘__‘
' ' .4.

 

 

 

The Dane gymnasts narrowly " 5

Bryn Mawr 148.15. to 144.45. Hofstra ‘ ‘ § :
scored a low 117.55 points to make for an ‘ .‘ I  :-

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

easy win for the lady Danes. It should be
noted. though. that Hofstra was at a big
disadvantage by only having four women
on their squad. Instead of taking the usual
top five scores for each‘ event. they could
only take the four scores that theyghad.
According to sophomore Leslie Steckel
however. “Even if Hofstra had a fifth girl.
to add to'their scores. we still would have
. won. only by a closer margin."
Sophomore Sue Leskowitz took first
place again on the vault with a high score
of 8.45. She was only .05 from her
seasonal record of 8.5. Sophomore Nora _
Beilantoni. consistently strong on the ' '
uneven parallel bars. place third ‘with a H _V
score of 7.65. Strong on the balance beam. 
junior Brenda Armstrong finished third .
with an 8.0. Season record holder in the
floor exercise, freshman Michele Husak.
tumbled into third with a score 8.25.
“This was a great opportunity for many
of the girls to perform in front of family
and friends —- as many of them are from
Long island.” stated Coach Pat Duvali-
Spillane. -‘
Although the Dane gymnasts took all
four events and beat Westfield by a whop. ‘ V
ping 38.4 points. the meet was a disap- ’ '
pointment for the lady Danes. “This is our
second lowest score of-the season (143.85). !
The judges were extremely disappoin i
ting.” commented Duvaii-Spiliane. “For
example. Michele Husak usually scores
between an 8.2 - 8.3 on the floor exercise
and she ony got a 7.65. I don't know what
the judges were looking for but the only
fair scores they gave were on the bars. The
girls have been competing all season and .
their routines weren’t that drastically dif-
ferent in this meet to deserve such low 1
scores."
The strongest event was the vault. Bren- _
da Armstrong did really nice vaults and '
trailed first with an 8.35. Sue Leskowitz.
consistently 'strong on the vault. took se~
cond with an 8.3. Karen Bailey. Michele

Husak. and Karen Tharnasett also added K a " I m - _‘ ' i _  ‘ ‘ ' .   . f D’Avélwc-ups
to the team score with 7.85, 7.7. and Lg 8.3:? “a a" gun giver the Albany State gymnastics team. The Danes lost to our.

 

 
     

respectively.

Men tracksters place fourth at RPI imitate—Hal"

By lan Clements
STAFF WRITER

The Albany State men's indoor track
team had its best overall performance of
the season as it finished fourth in the tem
team Marty McDonough Invitational at
RPI.

Ithaca was the winner with 109 points.
RPI and Cortland scored 90 and 86.
respectively. The Danes had 78 points.

“It was the first meet all year where we
seemed to put things together." said
Coach Bob Munscy.

One Dane who has been putting things
together all season is Marc Mercurio. The
senior from Burnt Hills broke his own
school record in the 35~pound weight for
the third time in a month with a 54'3"
toss.

The throw. which eclipsed his old mark
by 5% inches. was not far enough to beat
Union’s Scott Remiliard. however. The
massive junior threw 54'6" to push Mer-
curio into second.

“From what i heard Mcrcurio is among
the top three weight throwers in the coun-
try". said Munsey. The All-American will
be competing for the NCAA Division 111
crown in Maine on March 9.

Another senior who had a fine day was
Paul Mnncc. Despite a sore toe. he won the
triple jump with u hop-stcp-nnd-iump of
44'10-and-1/4". “[The toe] hurt him like
hell but he came through." Munscy noted.
Mancc began his day with a 20'6-und-3/4"
long jump to place fifth.

Though Mance was Albany’s sole win-
ner..muny other Danes had satisfying days
as they recorded their best performances
of the season.

WWW“... .Y...

Ant-garHessian-tor —. uffalo Statel‘basketba‘ll

 

 

Chris Hermanson had his best jump of
the year (6‘1") to finish fifth. while
freshman Curt Wiedman pole vaulted four
inches better than his previous season
record to place second. He soared 13’10".
Pat Dowling was fourth with a 12’ vault.

Kevin Sheehan had a “major
breakthrough" in the 3.000-metcr run. ac-
cording to Munsey. The injury-ridden
junior did not place. but his 9:07 was 12
seconds faster than his previous best race
of the year. He was named Albany's
athlete of the meet.

Freshman PJ. Paul used a furious kick
to nip Shcehan by one-tenth of a second
and win the unseeded section.

In the seeded heat. Beantown's own Ed
McGili placed fourth in one of the
toughest fields of the meet. His time of
8:492 was over eight seconds swiftcr than
his previous season's best. Tim Hoff also
had a fine performance. placing seventh in
11:59.5.

Defending SUNYAC champ Ray Voiper
cut twenty seconds from his season's best
to place third in the 5.000-metcr run in
15:54.6. “i'm running real steady this
year. I hope I can keep it up." said Volper.

Jack Glaser also lowered his best time of
the year substantially. He improved by
four seconds to place fifth in the
1.500-mcter run in 4:11.

Dave Biette and Clinton Bcil cut two
seconds off their bests to place third and
fourth. respectively in the GOO-meter run.
Blette ran 2:00. with Bell nlnc~tcnths of a
second behind.

in the 1.000-meter run. Tom Kacandes
finished sixth in 2:39.7.

John Reilly was fourth in the 400-mcter
run. His split of 52.4 was his fastest of the
season.

Bruce Van Tassel placed fifth in the
50-meter hurdles with a time of 7.2.

The Danes picked up bronze medals in
the relays. The 4 x 400-meter squad ran its
quickest time of the year (3:34.6) despite
the tight turns of RPl‘s track. Reilly. Ed
Levy. Pat Saccocio and Bell comprised the
team.

The distance medley improved by 11
seconds. Freshman Pedro Valerio led off

~ with an 800-meter split of 2:04.2. Levy’s

400-mcter time was 54.5. He handed off to
Kacundes. who ran a fine 3:13 for 1200
meters. Jim Erwin anchored with a 4:26
1600 meters.

Munsey hopes that his distance medley
can win next week’s SUNYACs. “I like to
think we can get a third" place ﬁnish. he
added. Frcdonia is favored to win its
fourth crown in five attempts.

Last Saturday. a T-shirt enabled the
Albany State men's indoor track team to

overcome its manpower shortage and
defeat Plattsburgh at the ioscr‘s frigid
gym. 75-69. .

Piattsburgh's 4x400-meter relay came
across the line first in the next to last event
of the meet but was disqualiﬁed because its
anehorman wore a T-shirt underneath his
singlet. The result was a 10-point swing in
the Danes' favor.

Coach Bob Munsey's team had no
fashion problems. but he wished more
Danes had suited up for the meet.

“We were plagued with missing per-
sons.” agreed Assistant Coach Chris-
Callaci.

All-American weightman Marc Mer-
curio dressed formally Saturday -- he at-
tended a wedding.

Jumper Paul Mancc may soon be spor-
ting a cast if the ailing toe that forced him
to miss the meet is diagnosed» broken.

Distance ace Ed McOill and sprinter
Dana Melvin were also absent. ‘

All of the missing Danes except Melvin
would have been favored to win at least
one event. El

Danosvrocolvo NCAA bid

«Back Page-
points and pulling down 13 rebounds.
Crouticr and Adam were also in double
figures with 15 and 14 points respectively.
For Brockport. Eddie Green. the lone
representative of the Golden Eagles on the
All-Tournament team. hit for 20 points.
Dwayne Holloway added 12 points for
Brockport. -
HOOPLAr The Danes have two new
additions to the University gym in honor

of Sauer's 500th win. A banner is now
hanging outside the entrance to the men’s

locker room on the first floomnd a purple .

and gold “500" is hanging on the wall in-
side the gym...Thc spirited fans created a
“human wave’ for the first time ever at
University Gym Saturday night...WCDB
will be providing live coverage of Albany's
NCAA playoff games with Steve Goldstoln
and Adam Goodman at the mikes. El

  

 
 

 

By Marc 'Berrnan

SPORTS EDlmR_
It was business as usual on Sunday, for

Albany's University Gym maintenance“
crew. The 8.000 fans who attended thisu}
weekend’s SUNYAC basketball playoffs

had left their mark. When it was'over. the
University Gym resembled a sea of debris.

With the cleaning routinejlinished. the
maintenance crew wss'cailed upon to com-
plete one more task. The basketball rims
inside thc‘gym were‘i‘iakcd. stripped bare
of their nettings‘.-The crew was ordered to
redress them. i - - ' '

The iron rims' disrobed appearance was. I '

not the result of vandalism. even though
the two Buffalo State basketball teams did
"steal" the show thisweekend. And there

wasn’t any inyste‘ry to where‘ one might '

find the University Gym's former basket-
ball nets: their new home now being 270
miles west in the city of Buffalo. The new
proud owners are Buffalo State men’s
basketball coach Richard Bihr and Gail
Maioney. the coach of Buffalo State's
women’s team. . .

The Bengals’ two basketball squads
trekked into the Capital District Thursday~
night both looking to defend their 1983-84
SUNYACtitle. Sunday morning. the two
squads departed this city as champions
again, and with a couple of University
Gym's souvenirs to boot.

The task was far from easy for the road- V

weary Bengals. The women’s team dispos-
ed of Cortland and the men's squad
squeaked past formerly top-ranked
Potsdam on Friday. These victories put the
Buffalo State teams in the ﬁnals against
two nationally-ranked Albany State teams.
It also put them up against a frenetic SRO
crowd bent on 'making life miserable for
the visitors. I V

The Bengals ignored the distractions on
this Saturday night. From the opening tap
of the women‘s 7 p.m. game and from the
ﬁrst minute of the 9 p.m. men’s game. the
Bengals played like seasoned veterans. ap-
pearing poised in building a sizable early
lead. Through 80 minutes of basketball
Saturday night. the two Buffalo State

teams never trailed.

The victory celebration came at 10:45.
Following the awards presentation. the
Buffalo State men's team huddled
together, jumping around in jubilation.
Soon to join the celebration were the five
orange-clad. orange—faced Buffalo State
fans. Who. although outnumbered 600 to
1. did a fine job in making their presence
knciwn.

Buffalo State’s Tim Burkhart battles for a

 
 
  
 
  
   

rebound against Rolsdam.

Moments later. the women’s team. who
‘ sat in the stands during the second game.
' charged out of the bleachers to join in on
the fun. After the hugging. hand-slapping.
[and jumping had ceased. the two Buffalo
State team'ssplit up. the men took the east-
sidc basket while the women went west.

' The net-cutting ceremony had begun.
Meanwhile. Coach Bihr chatted with
reporters alongside the press table. His

 

 

(I 7":

v uni.“ Fry-ﬂuid. hurts,“ ,l Infant‘s. v . '.v‘."~‘=s' "with" v".- “’ »'.‘ v ‘Tv‘f mg”
9‘  TUESDAY; FEBRUARYZG, 1985 U “ALBANYSTUDENTI’RESS  

voice was soon drowned out by his players.
who were chanting for their coach to come
over and join them. The net was now
hanging by a thread. waiting for its final
snip.

“That's my trophy," Bihr told the
reporters. “I’ll be back in a minute.”

When Bihr trotted back to the reporters
minutes later. his “trophy” was dangling
around his neck.

He spoke of how proud he was of his
road-weary players and how they over-
came so many things this week.

Wednesday‘night. the Bengals won a
hard-fought victory in Alfred. Thursday
‘was spent sitting in a bus headed for
Albany.

Then. the defending SUNYAC cham-
Jions were thrOWn into the gym Friday
afternoon for their first round match
against Jerry Welsh’s Potsdam Bears. who
were ranked number one in the nation in
the Division III polls until this \tcek. And
then came Saturday night. when the
Bengals went up against the red<hot Danes
and their impassioned fans.

“We‘ve been on the road 19 times this
year." said Bihr. “We're so used to it
already. I think the players Iilx'c it now."

Later. in the locker room. the basketball
net still draped like a medallion. Coach
Bihr was asked about why he thought his
team was snubbed in the Division 111 polls
all year.

“I guess it's the snow up there." joked
Bihr. “The news of how good we were was
never able to penetrate through the snow.“

He was asked if he thought Buffalo
State would be the host of next week‘s
NCAA Northeast Regionals. which his
22-4 club automatically qualified for by
capturing the SUNYAC championships.
“I don’t see how we can't." said Bihr. “I
don't know how else we could'vc done
better."

The NCAA Committee thought other-
wise. Sunday night. the connnittce an-
nounced that Hartwick University will be
hosting the regionals. Buffalo State will be
on the road again looking to add two more
souveni rs to the collection. 1 7

Dane swimmers head to Potsdam for States

Team finishes dual-meet season with two wins

By Donna Altman
STAFF WRITER -

The Danes had an impressive past week
clinching a big win over Union last
Wednesday and an even bigger triumph
over Middlebury 59-54 a week from
Saturday. ‘

The team agreed that the meet against
Middlebury was by far the most intense
and exciting meet of the season.

“This meet was a fantastic way to close
the season,” stated Jeff Bali.

“it Was an amazing meet.”

    

added Marc

 
   

The Albsn
the Slate é

    

 

hsmplonshlps.

 

   

’rvcb .7

, ' ,. . , . Luck )3th
state msn'l swimming tel-m will travel to Potsdam on Wednesday for.

Lebowitz. “Everyone was going crazy.”

Bail came out with a season best in the
1.000-yard freestyle with a fabulous time
of 10:59. He also swam‘ in the 200
backstroke along with Michael Wright.
Wright swam a fine race and took 2nd with”
a,2:l4. with Ball right behind him taking a
time of 2:15. ' t

“We were all even the 'whole race."
stated captain Bail. ‘ ‘
, The always impressive Jeff “ Kennedy
came through shining this past Saturday.
He swam in the 500¥yard freestych ulling

I ‘1 i .

    

  
   

   

his best time of the year with at 5207.8.
Kennedy swam another phenomenal race
in tc ZOO-yard butterﬂy. He took first by a
touch with a time of 2:12. making another
best time for the swimmer.

Mike Wright performed with excellence
in the 200 individual medley. It was one of
the key events in the meet. He had his best
time of the season. a 2: 12. which earned
him first place. Andrew Motoia swam in
that same race with a solid time. but was
disqualified.

“It was disappointing that Motoia got
disqualified. otherwise we would've had
first and second place," commented Bail.
“There was no room for 'error in this
meet.”

Lebowitz had a terrific day despite his
foot injury. He qualified for the states
with a flat 24 in the 50-yard freestyle.

“I'm satisfied. but I know I can do bet-
ter. Hopefully I’ll prove that in the
states." added an optimistic Lebowitz.

Both Mike Feldmnn and Mike Koutclis
swam competitively in the 50-yard
freestyle. ‘Fcldman had a consistent time of
23.2 and Koutclis pulled a 25. '

“I'm looking forward to going under 23
and making the finals in the states." said
Feldman.

- The divers also had a decent day in the
pool. Mike Vardy performed with style.
taking first in both l-meter events. His
teammate. Mike Cano also had a fine day
taking second in the l-lneter competition.

The 400-yurd medley relay team con-
sisted of Wright swimming backstroke.
Koutclis with the breaststroke. Kennedy
swimming the butterfly and Fred Greeti-
baum finishing up with freestyle. From

 

beginning to end the race was close. but
the men pulled through and grabbed first.

The meet was exciting and tension filled.
it came down to the very last event. The
team needed first and second. Koutclis and
Dean Wilson impressively took care of the
job. Koutclis took first with a time 012125.
with Wilson right behind him taking sc-
cond. a fine time of 2:31. This scaled the
Albany State victory.

This victory was not only exciting
because the Danes broke Middlebury's
undefeated season. but also because it gave
Albany a winning season.

The coach couldn't be reached for corn-
ment. but according to Wright. coach Tur-
nage was just as excited as the swimmers
were.

Coming up tomorrow. the team will
travel to Potsdam for the state
competition. '

“We're sending a lot of people this year.
It's a new experience for many of the
swimmers.“ stated Ball. “Overall as a
team we should hold our own.”

The swimmers have put in a lot of hours
of training for ihc three-day competition
next week.‘

“The stutesurc the only thing'on our
minds.” added-Wright. -

Crew cuts and shaving down will all be a
part of the state competition.

"Can't wait to see the Big A on my
chest." commented Feidman.

The Danes are optimistic for Potsdam.
It should prove to be an exciting
competition.

“I expect to be celebrating heavily
Saturday night with Coach 'l‘urnagc and
my fellow teammates." added Feldmau. I i

 

