 

 

 

compromises

Last week, Mike Alvaro, Albany's director of
Code Enforcement, (a.k.a. the grouper law hit-

could charge with grouper law violations —
tomorrow, if he wanted to.

At the moment, it doesn’t appear that he's
going to. For now, University and Student
Association officials seem satisﬁed with this. But
that’s not good enough for the students living in
violation, for whom temporary non-enforcement
is hardly the solution to the ever-present threat of
eviction. i

To be fair, SA officials have not been
completely inactive itt addressing students’
concerns over the grouper law. They've set up the
Matchmaker Program, which offers students
listings of homes that are looking for boarders,
and their Community Relations Program is
certainly praiseworthy. The problem is, SA has.
been completely reactive. They're working within
a discriminatory law that needs to be changed, not
dealt with.

There are times when it's in the students' best

interests to work with the city to resolve
conﬂicting needs. This isn’t one of those
situations.

Unfortunately, there's little room for
compromise here. As long as the grouper law
exists in any way, enforced or not, it’s a constant
threat the city can hold over students' heads. Non-
enforcement is an easy out right now, but what
about next month, or next year? SA relations with
the city don't stay this good forever.

Right now, SA is using non-enforcement as a
means of buying time. As SA President Steve
Gawley told a Neighborhood Association meeting
last Thursday, “We’re just asking that you give us
a little time for our programs to get going." He
contends that students don't want to violate the
law, they just lack alternatives. Once SA’s
programs (such as Matchmaker) are in full swing,
Gawley maintains that the number of students
living in violation will drop off significantly.

This seems a bit optimistic or maybe" just
intentionally naive. Students are violating the law
because it's arbitrary and impractical. A landlord
who owns a large four bedroom apartment can't
afford to rent only three of the bedrooms. And
three students living in a four bedroom apartment
can’t afford to split the rent for the extra
bedroom. As a result. both landlords and students
have few options but to violate the law.

A law that determines-the number of tenants a
house cart have, based on the size of the house
would be a much more practical approach,
protecting both students and residents from
unreasonably overcrowded situations.

This is, no doubt, an alternative SA has
recommended to the city. But the city doesn't need
alternatives. What they’ve got right now is better:
non-enforcement with the students as their pawns.

Still, SA's reactionary approach is preferable to
that of our University administration. They’ve
done nothing at all, except make a vague offer of
possibly providing housing to evicted students in
SUNYA's already overcrowed dorms.

They too, seem satisfied to accept the law,
despite the fact that the overcrowded housing
situation may deter students from attending the
University. In addition, their complacency fails to
address one of our University missions, which is
community service. If this University is creating a
housing problem within the community, then our
administrators should take an active role in
resolving it.

President O’Leary has demonstrated many
times in the past that he does hold the clout within
the city government to assist in creating a more
practical and equitable law.

Non-enforCemcnt of the law is a temporary
solution. The only feasible long-term solution is a
revised law. It’s time our university and our
student government started compromising on
something besides the student interest.

 

 

man) informed us that he’sgot 125 houses he- 3

 

 

   

 

fit

 

  

' ,y. ‘-. ,, ...”, ‘7' ' .. ‘3 . A.“ 1,
“WARNINe LABELS oN mm ALBUMS...CR3NLEY louse AGENIUS ll, ,

A.  ’

 

 

 

 

A Democratic appeal

This month, Democrats in the House of Represen-
tatives are embarking on an ambitious program to reach
out to America's college students. More than .50
Democratic members plan to travel to campuses across,
the country, holding “Forums for the Future". on 16
campuses this month, and hopefully many more in the
months to come. ' ‘ ~ . ‘ '

LDick Durbin

We are reaching out to let America's students know

 

that our party embodies the spirit of America’s future:

the spirit of opportunity, frredom, economic advance-
ment and individual achievement. And we are reaching
out to hear the message America’s students have for us:
their hopes,’ ideas and concerns for the future.

We’ve been told that the groundswell of support for
Ronald Reagan on campus in 1984 signaled a major
political realignment in our country. We've heard that
just as campus activism once made a generation of young
Americans safely Democratic, that Ronald Reagan’s
popularity on campus is turning students safely
Republican.

But as Democrats, we’re not ready to concede
America's college students to the Republican Party.
Students may have voted for Reagan because he seemed
to stand for new, bolder leadership after a decade of
frustrations that included Watergate, the energy crisis,
and the hostage drama in Iran. In fact, students’ vote for
Reagan may have carried a bit of idealism of its own —
the promise of a stronger America and a growing
economy.

But young Americans ought to ask today whether the
Republicans plan to keep that promise. As Democrats, we
think students looking for real leadership for the future
ought to be listening to what our party has to say.

Let 's first look at the reason many students voted for
the President: economic security. While students may
have felt more hopeful about our nation's future under a
Republican President, sonte lingering 'doubts remain
today.

Polling data indicate that an increasing percentage of
students have real doubts they'll eventually be better off
ﬁnancially titan their parents. Students quite properly
should ask which party will do the best on long-term
economic planning, which will make the real difference
for today’s young Americans in tomorrow's world.

During the Reagan Administration, the federal deficit
has grown to more than four times what it was during
Jimmy Carter’s presidency. No matter whom you blame
for it, that deficit will take years to pay off. It's a debt
students will keep paying long after their student loans
are taken care of, as they face higher interest rates buying
a house, starting a business, or thinking about college for
their own children.

The Democrats are concerned about that deficit, and

 

‘t AI'I'VVH'VVV.V1.!li‘l-Iltl‘iltvvltrti-nr.

know'that it cannot be remedied through rhetoric and
simplistic solutions. This year, the Democrats in the
Houseled the way in assuring passage of a budget_that

'cuts'the deficit sss'btuton in the 1986 ﬁscal yearﬁl‘he

Republicans worked to make those cuts, too,<;.but the
sibly _‘—'_ so that crucial life-support syStems'. uch as'stu-
dent loans and Social security weren'tcom ottu ,  _

Young people also voted Republiéaﬁ,“*-*p’tilis‘~ show,
because that party‘ seemed- to promise ntilitary strength
and resoIVe in a dangerous world. The Arab oil embargo.
the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, and the.wreckage-of
U.S. helicopters in the Iranian desert made many ’young

Democrats assured that the bu get wouldbgeut’respon-

 
 

people long for' a government thatt'would'be firm and.

. ....

tough. 

The Democrats know'that in a changing worldfour .

country has to be as strong as any on the globe. But we
also have to be smart. Our position in the world relies on
large part on gaining advantages now that will beneﬁt us
in the future — in the world your generation will inherit.

Take the case of South Africa. It is only a matter of
time before that country's vast black majority assumes
power over their land and their destiny. The,U.S. can
stand up. ﬁrmly for justice, and win a friend in the future
government of South Africa, or we can continue the Ad-
ministration’s "constructive engagement” policy. which
ties us to a brutal. unjust white minority regime. The
Democrats have led the way in forcing the U.S. to impose
economic sanctions against South Africa, a first step
toward aligning our nation with that country's majOrity.

As students look to the future, they need to think about
the role they want government to play. Do they want na-
tional leadership that constantly declares government the
enemy — as the current Administration does — or do
they want leaders committed to 'maklng government
work?

The role of government is indeed critical as we think

about solutions to the problems of the next decade: clean- '

ing up toxic wastes, expanding and improving education
and job training, combattlng illiteracy, Improving mass
transit. Should these problems be left in the hands of so-
meone committed to dismantling government, or should
they be handled by people who are dedicated, to ﬁnding
efficient and realistic solutions?

We think most students genuinely seek a government
that works, a government that deals with the pressing
issues of tomorrow. That's why we're speaking out. But
we're not only asking students to listen to what we say.
but to tell us what they think. Our party needs you“
voters: their energy, their ideas, and their optimism. We
hope students will hear us out, because we both have
something pretty important at stake: out future. [3

Rep. Dick Durbln Is a Democratic member of Congress

 

 

 

,_ «xxxuux‘tt-t.

 

 

 

 

To the Editors ' ‘ v ‘ ' ‘ -

Saturday, October 5 at approximately 8:15 p.m., 'I  V,
dropping err a friendand her parents at’the University

gym‘ro attend the AlamKinB Perme““--'-'
l Afprgblem  w" ' ‘
fellow Visttidentt'hero‘at Alb

 
 
 
 
 

any. out of the van we were
‘ -a*:disabled student in a

    

g; The Spaces normally
reserved'for maldngthe gymmore accessible to the
disabled were. thoughtlesst blocked by several UPD cars.
Perhaps the. ofﬁcer was acting under orders, howeVer,
his behavior Was/both discourteous andjrresponsible. If

this is. departn'ient policy the whole‘ force should be ‘

brought under scrutiny..Pcrimeter Road is no plate to
discharge a disabled student in a wheelchair, especially
with its poor visability and the increased trafﬁc due to
Parent’s Weekend. .- ‘ » ’ v. ‘ '

The. van in which we were‘traveling has both University
and New York State authorization stickers. This incident
should never have occured and shows very little respect
for or compliance with the law. ,-

This matter should be looked into with regard to the
origin of this directive and the officer's action. Further-
more; steps should be taken to insure that an unfortunate
incident suchras this never occurs again.

-v — Paul W. Lambee

Thank you, UPD

To the Editor: . .

In my two and a half years as a student here at SUNYA
I cannot recall ever reading a positive letter regarding
UPD. If students would look more closely at UPD. they
would realize that they are doing a good job;'

I have hadiseve'ral experiences‘witlr UPDland every V

time they have been both courteous and helpful, par-
ticularly today (10/10). At 5:45 a.m..' on my way to my

internship -at- Channel Sixrin schen'ectady, my car unex-'

_ v pectedly-ra'n out of petrol. Since I was passing the uptown
 "campus; I" ﬁgur'tzdj‘l'deull offvof Washington Avenue on- r

‘ ' " to Perimeter Road. I left my'car near Colonial and walk-

 

 

Email-nod lrr_ rm

 

 

 

 

 

' Holdl .r. outta. Editor In only
been Chang, Mann/nu Editor
«we Edllm...i tlelnCtmbcu, James O'Rulllvun
Annotat- mvu ..... ... ......... ..llono Wolnatoln
on...“ run > I on" Ginsberg
'Auocieto abhor. Eotlor ............. ..' ...............  ......................... ..Iun Spelllnn .
‘ ' ‘ - - ‘ - MIA-tint 5“
Sports Editor .. ............................................................... ... ............ ..ZKrlstlno Sonar
Editorial Page- l'dllm lnunh Fuaco

John VKunan, sanlor Edllor

Contrtoullng Editor- Dogn Botz, Wayne Pureboont. Preview EttltocPun
Schuatorrnlnpﬁdltoriat Mlllluttl: Rachel Brulow, Ken Dornbaum. Bette
Dumbo. am Jacob, Brenda Schooner. David Wartheltn Bull vrrllm: Koren
Beck, Dave Blotlo, Lolllo Chm, Ethan Chain. Ian Clements. Pun Conway,
Andrea Comm. Milt. Donnwllty, Lin Jackal, Dlvld Kua, Stacey Kern. Merit
Kobrlnllty, John Lat-mo. Coley Levltln. Mlka MmAdun. .l. Mlchul Muse,
Caryn Mlsko. Pot-r Bands, Karon Senlumy. nlck Swanson. Michael Skolnlck

Music Menthol, Business Manager

 

. 8 rule Comm, Assoc/ate Eur/mu Manager
Home Kollott, Joeltl Mldlsreity. Advanlslna Managers
: Don Flolotm, Sales Manager
Ilium. i. :- Roll!
2.. ' ... .1. rank outtmto

 

 

 

Admilalno Boles: Koren Athllll. Frank Colo. Drew Funa. Rlch tht. Mloholll
Plllll Murilth Production: drop Schmidt. Eileen Chan, JIII u-ntlln, Jun-s
Hornet. Kllth Krmqhto, Alyu Mugolln. Annette Muller, Sharon ﬂood, Erla
Rolh Omen Ila": annlllr Ohaeslol. Andy cotton, Amy Bilbor, Rob Mulnolll

Pamel- amen. Production Mllllﬂll

chm Two-Ila! Inlrmlnn at."qu
Typllte: Lauri Bantu. Joan-Christiano, Tracie Paul, Pun Strlubor, Futoup:
Llu Bantam. Nancy cremon. Klrmn Orllt. Steven Flahrrty, amen Flood, E.
Phillip Hoover. D. Darrel Silt. M.D.Thomplon. Bonll Valentin Chlullnur: Jtrn
Lally

Photovuphy prinelpntly supplied by university Photo Imloo, a student

group.
chlol Phat npttor: Kenny Kirsch UPS Ill": Michael Acumen. Bhul Altml.
Myrnl Bravo: John Curry. Lynn Drollus. Chuck Ginsberg. Em Mauror, Mutt
Modlsvllle. Ltu Blmmonl. Linn-o chrllna. Erica apllool. Tanya Btulo,
Howard Tyou. Mutt Vac-rem

Entire contents oole 1m Albany Dtudonl Pntu Corporation. I" right-
Wilma”). student Prue Is pubtlsned Tuesdays and Frldnyo between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent
V - l or ration.
"15:27:33.7. zillion by the Editor In Chllt with mambm at the “harm
Baud; policy In subject to review by the Editorial Board. Advonlslnu polloy
do" not necessarily roll-at odltortsl pollcy.
Mnlllna Moron:
Mmytltudcnt mu. co m
1400 Wuhlnaton Ave.
Albany. NV 12222
(MB) «zeros/Momma J t

I W

 

 

I Went to allow my friend; a 

ed' towards security. on my Way I encountered two of-
ﬁcers who didnothcsitate to help me. Considering the
. early hour, I was most grateful. They nbt only put gas in
my carat no charge), but also followed me to Mobil on
- Western to make sure I was okay. .
. Once again, thanks, UPD, keep up the good work.
t — William T. Salerno

I,  ‘ responds

To the man I, '

This‘is in response to Mr. Michael Kohut's letter of
10/8, which was directed at the leadership of University
Cinemas. '

Mr. Kohut, you made several statements in your letter

which we'feel. need clariﬁcation. You say that “they
refuse to sell tickets a reasonable time inadvance." What
Lycxactly'do you mean by a “reasonable time?" Do you
suggest that we sell tickets a week or two in advance? Un-
fonunately, we are unable to do this because of the book-
keeping procedures within our‘group. '

In addition, you made a reference to the length of the
’ ticket lines. They exist for several reasons. First, we are
bringing movies which appeal to a‘great, deal 'of students.
Thus, it takes considerable time to sell 200-300 tickets.
Realizing this fact, our managers are instructed to begin
ticket sales 30 minutes before showtime. However. many
'students wishing to see the movie arrive only ﬁve to ten
minutes before the show is supposed to begin. With only
a handful of people inside and several hundred outside, to
start on time would cause a riot.

You also say that if you are lucky you can catch the last
bus downtown. According to our bus schedule, the last
Draper bus leaves the circle at 12:35, while the last Well-
ington leaves at 12:30. This occurs on both Thursday and
Friday. On Saturday nights the last scheduled bus leaves
at 12:05. Allowing for a delay of “about 15 minutes in
starting,” you should be able to catch the last bus. In ad-
dition; the Student Association should be starting to run
their late night buses soon. 'If there is no bus, that is a
concern which should be expressed to the appropriate
persons, not University Cinemas. Also, if you are still
concerned about not being able to get downtown, come
to the early show.

Just one other minor point has to be brought out. You
state- that the' Student Association provides us with
330,000. Apparently, you were quite misinformed as to
‘exactly how much moneywe receive. In fact, we are ap-
propriated an amount which is conSiderably less than
what you stated. ‘ .

'It is our opinion that you are uninformed as to the in-
ner workings of University Cinemas. We invite you to

, come down early one night to find out what really goes

on.
— Ann Lamoy

Director University Cinemas

—- Rick Kunen

Treasurer, University Cinemas

New Campus group

‘ To the Editor:

If you come from a Reform or Conservative Jewish
background there is a' new campusrgroup that is just for

'you. It’s name is Chavurah, and its goal is to reach out to

those who are searching to ﬁnd some spirituality within
college life.

-

If you lean toward the liberal side of Judaism and are
looking to maintain ' your Jewish spirituality the
Chavurah was made just for you. The only way that we
can help you is if you give us your input.

We have come up with a healthy mix of both Reform
and Conservative worship concepts. Our ﬁrst Friday
evening service will be held on October 18 at 6:00 in CC
361 (to be followed by .ISC Shabbat dinner - R.S.V.P. re-
quired). Remember that the only way we can function is
with your help.

-— Ron Symon
. Chavurlh
Jewish Students’ Coalition member

Applalled at Sorenson

To The Editor:

I am writing in response tothe article I read in the ASP
covering the recent appearance of Burt Sorenson on cam-
pus. As a Baptist Campus Minister, 1 was shocked and
appalled at the comments Mr. Sorenson had to make.

First of all, let me say that I make no apologies for be-
ing a Christian and a minister of the gospel of Christ, but
what we as Christians don't need is someone like Mr.
Sorenson making irresponsible, inane remarks like he

' did.

Christians should be about the business of redemption
and reconciliation. No one has any business going around
publicly declaring the eternal destiny of other human be-
ings. We are all God‘s children, and He loves us equally.
It’s best, I think, that we let Him decide how He will han-
dle matters such as this.

There are people around us in the world who hurt.
There are people who are hungry, homeless; and in
prison. Let us, as children of God, busy ourselves with
ministering to these. In a world of strife, let us bring
peace. May God’s blessings be upon us all.

— Braxton LeCroy
Baptist Campus Minister
Chapel House, SUN YA

Grateful for support

To the Editor:

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the entire
University Community for the support they have shown
for what .could be considered a major step in awaren'as
for the disabled students on our campus and maybe on
other campuses in the state. I am referring to effbns to
raise money to purchase a new van for the students. The
Disabled Van Task Force is only in effect now for one
month and already there has been a quick interest arising
from all members of the university.

Already we have verbal commitments from the Student
Association Media Ofﬁce, Purple and Gold, the Ad-
ministration, University Auxilliary Services, and a few
other sources in the University community, as well as
manpower assistance.

I would also like to thank the Campus Crusade for
Christ for starting the whole effort off with an interesting
twist.—" the Mega-Split.

This overall effort is one of the best ways to show how
many people can come together for a needy and wor-
thwhile cause. '

Thank you all.

' . ~ —-Irwln Weinsteln
Cn-Chair of the Disabled Van Task Force

 

The ASP is accepting applications for
editorial pages editor

The job takes 15 hours per week, requires campus and
national political awareness, and is a paid position. Submit
application and writing sample (a term paper is fine) to
Managing Editor Dean Chang, in campus center 329. For
more information call us at 442-5665. ‘

 

number to call is 442-5665.

 

This is your last chance to apply for MINORITY
' AFFAIRS EDITOR. Several students who expressed
_ interest in the postion have not yet turned in
applications. If you are still interested, it’s not too late.
Just Call Dean or Heidi at the ASP right away. The

The position requires 15 hours per week. You need
good writing skills and a knowledge of and concern for

..lunnnunuw-vcr (up

 

TH”. ,,. ... ...-mt ,-

 

minorﬁx 

s;

 

