 

2 Sports january A LBAN Y STUDENT PRESS El TUESDA Y, JAN UA

From the Editor: '

We're back. Not at full strength. but back nonetheless ‘ . .

After a brief hiatus the Sports Magazine has returned. albeit in an abbreviated ver- '
sion. This month's supplement has been shortened to four pages. down from our_nor- .1
mal eight-page section. In the following months. we will return to our eight-page for- ;
mat. But this month's reduction in quantity does not mean there's a reduction in quali- .
ty. Exactly the oppos'te. g . ' '

Sports Editor Marc Berman. in perhaps his finest mommt as a sports writer. profiles 
Albany State's star wrestler Andy Seras Talk about your be: laid schans going}
astray. Seras was victimized by a horrendous decision by the officials at the Olympic :
Trials. and lost a match not meant to be lost.

Olympic alternate. It dosn't quite have the ring of Olympic gold-medal winner. or
even Olympic team member. But that's what Seras had to settle for. at least until the
1988 Olympic Games roll around. For now. he'll have to settle for ﬂying to be Albany
State's first Division I wrestling champion in history. The task won't be easy. but after
the hardships he suffered in Michigan last year. Seras is ready for the challenge. '

For those of you still trying to get over the end of the NFL season. Andy Targovnik
takes one last look at this year‘s not-tooSuper Bowl. Yes. even he makes mistakes. as
he was one of many who picked the Dolphins to win. But he's learning.

And finally. columnist Mark Levine ﬁlls us in on college basketball's two powerhouse
conferences, the Big East and the A C C . and looks at the probable contenders in each.
Incidentally. Mark wrote the column prior to Georgetown's déeat to the Redmm on
Saturday: he is not one who predicts past events ->

Next month's Sports Magan’ne will be eight pages of features columns and a center-
fold. We're getting healthier by the minute.

Photos

 

 

 

The cover photo of Andy Seras and the bottom photo
on page three appear courtesy of Paul Kniskern of
the Times-U nion. The photo on page two and four are
courtesy of the Associated Press. The top photo on
page three was taken by UPS.

R Y 29, I985

 

«AW ‘  i e’ _

By Andy Targovnik
SPORTS WRITER

"May the better team win."

The commonplace sports fan has heard
this ex ression many times over and
over. T ese were the words that Presi-
dent Reagan spoke right after he tossed
the coin. Never hasa phrase been more

 

 

 

all Tune into ' y 49
“A 91PM Sports ’®
‘ As they present

The Albany Men’s Great Dane
Basketball Action.

GOMING

away air time 8:25
home air time 7:55
away air time 7:25

 

Ian. 30 Cortland
Feb. 02 Plattsburgh
Feb. 04 Skidmore

Feb. 06 Union a'Wa"y air time 7:55
Feb. 09 Oneonta home air time 7:55
Feb. 13 Binghamton home air time 7:55
Feb. 16 Potsdam home air time 7:55

Feb. 19 Hamilton away air time 7:55
Feb. 22-23 SUNYAC Championships (T.B.A.)

 

 

 

Clip and Save

 

 

 

 

 

appropriate than this one was in Palo
Alto in Super Bowl XIX. w
There were many lessons the NFL fan

may have learned from the Super Bowl-

blowout. One was that Don Shula is not
omnicient. A coach can not win a game
for a team especially when a Super Bowl
is concerned. I actually heard so-called

'experts' picking the Dolphins because 1

"Don Shula wants to win and what Don
Shula wants he usually gets." They forgot
that you can't have a circus without the
animals.

Another lesson that the NFL fan may

have learned is that Dan Marino is mor~
tal. He gets nervous. throws bad passes
and oes to the bathroom just like
everybody else. .

Perhaps the most important lesson that
the football fan many .iave learned from
Super Bowl XIX was that owerful of-
fenses score points: good efenses win
games. just look back to Su r Bowl

XVIII. Nobody looked capableo stopping .
the Redskins. In the previous two weeks ,

before the Super Bowl they had racked up
5 I and 28 points. So how did they only
score nine points in the Sn er Bowl? They
ran into a great Raider de ense. ’

So why didn't many fans learn their
lesson from the past? They were caught
up in the belief that Dan Marino Was in-
vincible. that the Dolphins' high- owered
offense could outscore anyt ing or
anybody that was thrown at it. They
didn‘t want to admit that the Dolphins
had a relatively young and inexperienced
defense. All they knew was that the
Dolphins were ma cal.

Many people ikcd the Dolphins'
defense especially since joe Montana had
been far from perfect in the revious two
weeks against the Bears an Giants. But
what they failed to see was that the
Do] hin defense had been far from
per ect too. All people were thinking
about was that Marino was better than
Montana. Forget that the 'Niners' defense
was far au erior tothe Dolphins‘. liven
Shula failed2 to realize this; He didn't pull
any magic out of his bag of tricks.

Dolphin fans didn't take into account
that the Dolphin middle linebackers.

. Super " t _
tor both'fans and coaches

 

     

Wessons’

Mark Brown and jay Brophy were very-
young and inexperienced.

Bob McKittrick. the 49er offensive line
coach said. "I'd like' [0 say that the
Dolphins are the greatest thing' since run-
ning water. but to be honest. they don't
have a great defense.” Concerning the
play of Brown and Brophy. McKittrick
said. "On the play action. they were
biting too long. Bven'veteran players will
go for the fake then race over: But they :

'were-stay' g and‘istayingrandttaking the '

faker for-too long'JI. 

But let's also give the 49ers creditrThe 

defense was insurmountable as they shut"
the Dolphins down; They're notlfancy. “
just a good. experienced hard-hitting”
team. The 49ers' offense also. layed a_ V
perfect game. executing everyt n like'
it‘s supposed to happen in the play ook.
The 'Niners' offense even got help from
the referees and Reggie Roby who didn‘t
live up to his Bova status. But the way the
49ers executed. none of that mattered.
Montana could have driven .his team 200
yards if he had to. All Shula could do was
offer praise: Q‘And that Joe Montana.
wasn't he something? he was simply at
the very top of his game. huh?"

The 49ers weren't a big pla team like
their opponents. Their o ense and
defense executed ﬂawlessly. You do that
against less talented teams and you usual-
ly come out on top. Saiu Head Coach Bill
Walsh. "This is a complete team. This:
team would have to be considered one of
the best in football." Nobody seems to be
arguing.

Usually the less talented and underman-
ned teams can't play straight up against
stronger teams and win unless they pull
off some odd'plays. The Dolphins' only
touchdown came when they were runn-
ing a two-minute offense in the first half.
This trickery shouldn't have stopped‘
there. But Shula was caught up in the
"Dan Marino will win the game on his
own" myth.

After the reality of the defeat set in.
Shula saw what everybody should have
seen all along. "You look at this one and
you could really see our age showin  he
commented. “particularly on de ense.
The 49ers just took advantage of it. I just
kept thinking about how much further
along they are than us. They are to much
more experienced."

To all peo le who picked the Dol hins:
You were ooled oncei Don‘t be ooled
againi just think back to the lessons you
hopeful] learned from Su er Bowl XIX. I
know ofV one person who as learned his
lesson — yours truly- . CI

 

 

.I: was a bright. cheery 1am: afta'noori in

(in Allend‘ale. Michigan. the site of the

1984 Olympic Trials. It was going to be an
especially: right day for “a 21~year old

- wrestler'from Schenectady. N.Y.. In the

Grand Valley College Gymnasium. Seras
was about to fulfill'part of his lifelong
dream by disposing-of arch-rival Jim Mar.-
tinez. just like he had‘done Mo'weeks
before at the. finalziol'ympic Qualifying

Tournament at Minnesota —‘:-Mar’tinez‘s‘

home state. . p '

A victory over Martinez that day would
cement Seras' name into the starting
lineup'of the 1984 U.S.A. Olympic Team
in Greco-Roman wrestling. With part one
of the dream fulfilled. part two — a gold
medal - was to be taken care of next
month in Los Angeles at the Russian-less
Olympics. ‘

When Seras stepped on" the mat that
afternoon with his college coach. Adiron-
dack Club coach. advisor. and number
one supporter since the tenth grade. joe
DeMeo. he wasn't exactly expecting it to
be easy.

"It's tough for him to be ‘very' confident
when you're going up against a guy that
has beaten you twice in four matches."
DeMeo had said before the beginning of
the trials. _

Those who know Seras. however. know
of an intense com' titor. who. if not
cocky. is quite. con dent of his abilities.
But if there was one wrestler in the world
whichSeras respected. it was Martinez. a
26-yearold NCAA All-American and Big-
Ten champion.

There were few who doubted that this
two-out-of-three series would extend the
full three matches. As. it turned, out:

everyone was wrong-Seras and Martinez -

were forced to wrestle four times before a
winner was determined. - -
The. ﬁrst two matches were customary
of their past meetings - tight. low-scoring
duals...Seras triumphed in the first. 1-0.
and Martinez rebounded in the next. 2-0.
Then came the third and deciding bout.

I'd-FM! Page '

or so it‘wasthought. ' -

has replayed in Seras' mind a countless
number of times. , ’ ,»

,Seras grasped hold of his. opponent's
arm. throwing him backward to the mat.
Seras landed on one shoulder. then quick-
ly rolled over on top of Martinez. who
was out of bounds. Two points for Seras

' and a comfortable 3-0 lea . . 
The referee saw otherwisekulingMan i

tinez initiated the'move. he awarded two
points to Martinez since Seras landed on
a shoulder. Seras received zilch because~
Martinez was out of bounds when Seras
had control. The score changed from 30
in favor of Seras to a 2-1 advantage for the
Minnesota wrestler. which is the way the
match ended.

With the sounding of the referee's whis-
tle ending the match. DeMeo and Seras
immediately filed a protest.

‘fThe question was who initiated the
move." stated the assistant coach of the
1976 Olympic team. "There was no doubt
in anyone's mind that Andy did."

The officials proceeded into a private of-
fice to view the match on videotape.
Clearl . the replays showed Seras in-
itiat the move. With that in mind. the
heads of the trials were faced with two
choices: I) rescore the bout. which
would've given Seras the win. or 2)
disregard the match and let them wrestle
it over.

To the disma of Seras. DeMeo and the
rest of the A irondack Club entourage.
the referees filed out of their 30-minute
meeting and announced a rematch in 20
minutes.

.. “In any other international meet." said
~’ the irate Albany State coach. “they would ’
‘ have rescored it and given the match to

Andy."

The pressure floating around the gym-
nasium in those 20 minutes of rest was
enou h to cause another volcanic erup-
tion om Mount St. Helen.

"Yeah. there was a lot of undue mental

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Seras was on top 1-0. 1:30 away from an 2
Olympic starting berth. What occurred.
next was the move of infamy. one that

strain." recalled DeMeo. "He thinks he
lost it although he knew he won it. And
then they tell the kid to go out there and
do it again. All this for a 21-year old who
has to go up against someone who‘s 26."

“I guess I was happy I got to wrestle
again." says Seras now. "ButI felt gypped.
I had won it and I felt‘they had taken it
away."

The elder. perhaps more experienced
wrestler prevailed in the make-up match.
1-0. It was another nip and tuck battle.
proving further how evenly matched the
two wrestlers are.

The protest did not die there. Seras and
his family took their plea to American Ar-
britration Court while Andy ﬂew to LA.
to practice with the Olympic team — as an
alternate. » -‘ Y

He" says the hardest times came during
that span from mid-june to early july.
when the three-time All~American was
training in L.A.. not knowing what his
status was. .

The dream officially came to a halt on
july 3 with a phone call from DeMeo
reporting the bad news. -

"I think he prepared himself for the los
in court." said DeMeo. "It was a legal

uestion and it had nothing to do with
t e match. The court only examined

- whether the criteria set up by the Olym-

pic committee was applied fairly."

Some noticed a change in Seras up in
the L.A. training camp once he learned he
would not be starting.

"He was workin out hard. but once he
found out. he dl n't try as much." said
ATWA teammate and Olympic starter
Frank Famiano. a Schenectedy resident
who finished fifth at 125 pounds. He had
nothing to shoot for. If it happened to me.
I would've felt the same way."

Seras says he tried to help Martinez at

- training camp. but his heart just wasn‘t in-

to it. He hung out mostly with Albany
State's Shawn Sheldon. who qualified as
an alternate at 118 pounds. The two
roamed together in Los Angelos.

"There's a saying among wrestlers that
your best friends will never be in your
own wei ht class." said Seras.

Once t e ames began. Seras turned
spectator an rooted for his ATWA mates
Famiano. Chris Catalfo. and Olympic gold
medal winner jeff Blatnick. Seras was
heartened by the gutty effort of Blatnick.
his former housemate on Morris Street.
Seras was in the stands on that electric
evening in the gym and saw his friend
turn into an Instant celebri because of a
wrestling match. Afterwar s. the whole
gang went out to celebrate. '

"I couldn't have been happier." said
Seras. "He made a lot of people happy. It
was exciting."

Seras has noticed no change in Blatnick.
whose picture continues to appear in
every sports publication in the nation.

"I think people's perception of him has

v IUES'bArJAivuA-Rxég1985bAtmw‘sroonvrmss 

rdeaiof Andy Seras

 

' changed." said Seras. "bv ‘ .ie's the same
with his friends. I still cal. him 'Fatty'."

The I984 01 mpic experience is behind
him. but An y says "it will continue to
live in my mind forever." His sights are
now set on an accomplishment never
done by an Albany State athlete. The col-
lege senior. who red-Shirred last season. is
looking to not just win his first NCAA
Division III championship. but to take the
Division I title as well.

"Winning Division III is something he
hasn't won yet. so that will be big." said
the Danes' coach. “But ever since he came
to Albany State it‘s been his goal and
mine fer him to be the Division I cham-
pion. I would say right now he's among
the. top five in the country at 150
pounds." ‘ _ . .

Seras doesn't feel in his top form for col:
lege style wrestling even though he has
been wiping out opponents with relative

'ease. The Great Dane team is undefeated
in dual meets (9-0) and so is Seras as of
this writing.

“I had been wrestling 17 months of
Greco so I'm still not as sharp as I'd like to
be." said Seras. “March is where all the
marbles are and by then I'll be ready."

DeMeo believes Seras has an edge over
most college wrestlers in experience.

"The key to winning a tournament like
the NCAAs is being at your personal best
that day and you get that from ex-
perience." lectured the Dane mentor.
"Heb been wrestling in tournaments all
over the world. so when he gets into a
tournament like the NCAAs. he's not go-
ing to be so nervous of the 'Event.‘
Without ex erience. a guy goes in saying.
'Oh my go . I‘m at this major champion-
ship.’ That person worries about that in-
stead of wrestling itself."

Continued DeMeo. "Andy‘s wrestled
Russians and they are the best in the
world. It's not good to have too much
respect for an opponent. Andy doesn't
overrespect anybody."

After the collegiate season is over. Seras
is hoping to meet up with Martinez in the
National Grecovroman Championship. It
might be the last time the rivals ever
meet. With Martinez turning 27. many
observers are expecting his retiremen:
shortly.

A Martinez retirement could make it
relatively easy for Seras to gain a starting
berth on the 1988 Olympic s uad.

But the promising future oesn't heal
the disappointment Seras endured in
1984.

"It‘s a tragedy in that the mistakes of a
few en kept him off the team." said
De who plans to train Seras for 1988.
"Nothing anyone can say will ever make
it right. It will always be wrong. As in
everythin in life. maybe it will be educa-
tional ant? help in the future."

For Seras perha s. it was educational.
He learned first and that sometimes
dreams are meant to be broken. [3

 

