 

student station?

WCDB, 91FM, our campus radio sta-
tion, is running a listeners’ poll of the top
91 rock hits of all time. Take note —-— this
is a listeners’ poll, not a student poll.

The distinction being made is an impor-
tant one. The students are the people who
pay the station’s bills, more than $40,000
annually. The listeners are the people the
station serves. That is, the estimated 10
percent students and 90 percent communi-
ty members who tune into WCDB regular-
ly. These are the people that WCDB wants
to survey.

The station wants it to be strictly a
listeners’ survey. As one station member
put it, “Most of our listeners are off cam-
pus and a heavy student vote would dilute
our program.” In order to prevent this
from occurring, WCDB is conducting its
poll far away from the campus music
scene. Out of eight polling places, the only
one the station has situated on campus is
tucked away in the record co-op. The rest
are located at various record stores, clubs,
and bars in downtown Albany.

For the students, the majority of whom
are not regular listeners, WCDB en-
courages them to listen to the countdown
itself. The station’s plan is that the count-
down will introduce students to the music
WCDB’s listeners enjoy. Hopefully,
they’ll like it enough to tune in again. Is

This is an insult to the students who
fund the station. If WCDB is really seek-
ing to increase its student listenership,
which, as a student funded station it pro-
bably should, students should have been
encouraged to participate. All the students
— not just 10 percent of them.

WCDB is making an unfair assumption
that the survey alone will attract new
listeners. If the majority of the student
population wasn’t surveyed, they
shouldn’t be expected to show their in-
terest in a station that has little interest in
them.

This does not mean that WCDB should
cater to the Top-40 tastes of SUNYA
students; a campus radio station should
provide an alternative to the sugarcoated
music that fills the commercial airwaves.
But that doesn’t give the station the right
to totally turn its back on those who make
the station’s existence possible.

WCDB will also be conducting record
giveaways during the countdown, hoping
that it will drum up their listenership. So
while the station won’t lower itself to ac-
cept the musical opinions of the students,
it will resort to a commercial gimmick to
boost their ratings.

WCDB should be complimented for
backing their loyal listeners in downtown
Albany; gearing the survey to their hard-
core fans serves notice as to Which seg-
ment of Albany the station values. That's
perfect for a station that serves the com-
munity, but WCDB’s community is
SUNY Albany.

The survey could be viewed as a com-
munity service —— a $40,000 community
service that doesn’t serve its own
community.

 

 

 

 

 
  

Tm: .
PEOPLEZ
MINISTJIY

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
 

1..

lit...iAllAiu....liAilA..

 

 
   
      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A Struggle to Survive

Remember the Holocaust, that period prior to and dur-
ing World War II in which there ‘was an enormous effort
made to do away with the Jews and other minorities?
Remember how it ended? Of courSe not, because it never
really ended. Even to this day, there are attempts being
made to extinguish certain minorities. Most of these at-
tempts are coming from Russia, and they are mainly
geared toward the Jews. The only difference between the
form of discrimination today and that of 40 years ago is
that, during World War II, the Nazis wanted the Jews to
become physically extinct. Today, Russia wishes to make
them emotionally extinct by suppressing their religious
practices, cultural teachings, and anything else that could
relate to their heritage. In effect, life as a Soviet Jew is
unbearable. And should anyone wish to emigrate,
especially to Israel, life can become an absolute hell.

Ina Pollack

 

 

There are over 110 different nationalities in the Soviet
Union, with Jews ranked among the top is. All of the
other nationalities are encouraged to exercise their
religious and cultural beliefs. The Jews, however, are not
given this freedom. There are only 3 ordained rabbis in all
of the seminaries except for the one in the Moscow
Synagogue, which has never graduated a rabbi. Use of the
Hebrew language is forbidden, let alone the teaching of
it. There are no publications of Jewish prayer books, and
essential devotional articles such as talitot (prayer shawls)
or tefilin (phylacteries) may not be produced. There are
no Jewish history books. In fact, the Russian history
books devote very little time towards the Judaic culture,
even though the Jews have played an important role in
Russian history for the past 2,000 years. There is not even
a memorial to commemorate the Jews who suffered dur-
ing the Holocaust, whether they suffered because of
discrimination or because they fought to defend Mother
Russia. Also, there are no museums that are exclusively
devoted to the history and culture of the Jews. The Rus-
sian museums will not display any artifacts or works
created by Jewish artists, no matter how great they may
be. It is obvious that the Soviets are making it virtually
impossible for the Jews to hand down remnants of their
past. let alone their present and possible future.

With life being the way it is“. it isn't any wonder that so
many Russian Jews want to leave their country. But, this
could prove to be more difficult than staying and dealing
with an already intolerable situation. It is the Soviet claim
that anyone who wishes to leave may do so without dif-
liculty. Actually. members of some national groups have
been allowed, even encouraged, to return to the countries
of their native origins. They are then invited to return

. back to Russia at some future date. The Jews, however,

are dissuaded and, should they choose to emigrate
anyway, they are asked to pay a large fee for their ac-
tions. This fee, applies only to those who wish to go to
Israel. Another part of the price that a Jew must pay is
the fact that he mustrenounce his citizenship. Then, he

Alternlrlve

must submit several documents to the government, one of
which is a death certiﬁcate, and wait'foi' them to be ap-
proved. This wait, which is often deliberately extended by
the Soviets, could last for 6 to 9 months. When it is finally
over, the potential emigrant will either be given approval.
be rejected, or be told that he did not submit his
documents properly and will have to begin the process all
over again. In the meantime, he has probably been ﬁred
from his job, and his family and friends have been en-
couraged (or threatened) to either dissuade him from
emigrating or to break any ties they have with him. In ef-
fect, this Jew is now considered an outcast. '

There are very few Jews who are granted permission to
leave, especially to go to Israel. The vast majority of ap-
plicants who are refused visas (now called “refuseniks")
are not only left jobless. without fantin or friends, but
they are new subject to many forms of harrassment by
the police. A refusenik’s mail will be searched, and any
items sent from abroad will be conﬁscated. the police will
frequently search his home and arrest him on the street
for no apparent reason. If a reason is given, it is usually
fabricated by the enforcers to justify their actions. Usual-
ly, the Jew is detained for a few days upon being arrested.
Sometimes. he is detained indeﬁnitely on charges of
treason. Also, once a refusenik has lost his job, he can
never regain it. He can't even hope for another job of
equal importance. There have been cases in which a
physician or a scientist has requested to
emigrate and upon refusal, was given the job of a mere
factory worker. In general, once a Soviet Jew becomes a
refusenik, his overall status is reduced.

The grim situation of the Jews in Russia is not
unrecognized. Last year, Secretary of State George P.
Shultz acknowledged that Jewish emigration from the
U.S.S.R. had reached a standstill. He stated that four
Hebrew teachers had been arrested “in what appears to
be an intensifying campaign of repression aimed
speciﬁcally at Jewish cultural activists" and that
“Washington would not be silent when the Soviets act in
a way we consider dangerous or irresponsible. as they so
often do in the human rights area". On September 9.
1985, President Reagan told a Jewish delegation that he
planned to raise the issue of the Soviet Jews during his
meeting with Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev in
November. Even though the people who have the power
to help are willing to help, they can never have too much
support and encouragement from the rest of the world.
Although this situation does not seem as tragic as the
Holocaust, it can become just as bad. It is vitally impor-
tant that everyone be aware of what is going on and that
enough people care to do something about it.‘ If there is
ignorance or apathy toward the sittlation in Russia,
events could explode into such vast discrimination as has
not been seen in 40 to 50 years. Just remember, it happen-
ed beforc; we should not let it happen again.

 

Ina Pollack is a member of the‘Revislonist Zionist

i. l uni rmril' Marl) or“ in rllsmul mil homnm

 

I] rn'l'rlllll’rvr‘ r

 

 

mu. m. . n . .nv . nm rm...  1| t ‘1'.’.

 

 

Open the gates
To the Editor: . .

I find it very annoying that Burt Sorenson’s lecture is
still stirring in the minds of people, but I can live with
this. However, what I cannot live with is the self-
righte'ous, narrow-minded and discrimatory attitude that
certain “good Christians" hold towards people who
don’t subscribe to their faith.

Let-us remember, ﬁrst and foremost, that before we
quote the Bible, we must remember not to quote out of
context as Mr. Dale and Mr.‘ Hazelton have done so ar-
tistically. They have made a weak intellectual argument
sound strong.

If I am to be condemned to Hell, God will condemn
me. not a man or a book written by men. The Bible is
open to many interpretations and what man dares to set
himself up as an authority. Mr. Hazelton and Mr. Dale
have appointed themselves as authorities. 1 do not think
that my fate has anything to do with their judgemental
interpretations. H

I hope that everyone will read the Bible, both the ,Old
Testament and New Testament, with an open mind. Do
not commit the same error of self-righteous, narrow-
minded interpreting as Mr. Dale and Mr. Hazelton have.
We should read and interpret the Bible with both our
hearts and our minds and no one should be shut out.

' -— Steven Peist

Yellow journalism

To the Editor:

The ASP should stop printing anti-Jewish articles
designed to attract attention. A single article could be
considered a mishap or just bad reporting. Yet, there has
been a trend of these articles. First, the ASP quoted out
of context that Jews are doomed to Hell. Then, the editor
attacked the wording of a single RZA handout, even
though she agreed with its basic premise (that terrorists
such as Arafat, Kaddafi, Amin and Khomeni should be
denounced). The editor used this handout merely as an
excuse to pile negative adjectives in front to the “RZA”

 

 

‘ aspects

' Establllltod In 1310
Holdl J. unite, Editor in Girls! -
Dun Chang. .iouph Fusec, Managing Editor

.u i "m L

Jamel O'Sulllvun

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ ' ‘ “ "it" ernatcin
AM union. I ,., L '
Allocilio “Photo Editor ...................... ..; ......... ..-. ..................... ..ian Spelling

MlnhnIEck
Inca-Editor "‘ “ "
can... um- gum."
m...n.'. nu r can" F Paul Stewart

 

John Keenan. Senior Editor

Contributing Edlloro Dean Bell, David LL. Lesitln, Wayne Peereboom
ldiioriol Aulctanil: Karen E. Bock, Rachel Bra-low. Pam Conway, Ken Dom-
haum. Belle Dumbo,- Blll Jacob. Mike MacAdlm, Brenda Schooner Pmiow
Editor: Pun Bchuelonnan euu Irilou: Jim Avery, Dave Blolto. Leslie Omit,
Ethan Chuln, Ian Clements, Andrea Cor-on. Mike Dermanlky. Scott Ellen~
that. Cathy Errio. More Fenlon, Lin Jackal. David Km, Stacey Kern, Marti
Kobrinelty, Corry Lovltan, Caryn erko. Steve Runs. Polar Sands. Marlo 8am
loeroce, David scalding, Koren Schlomy. Rick Swanson, Michael Bkolnlck,
Angelina Wang, Evan Weluman, Frank Yunkrr

Marnie Menthol, Balinese Manager
to Bolton-oi, Auoclaio Business Manager
WI Kellen. Jacki “idler-ﬂy. Adurtislrrg Menager-
Dan Finisher, Sales Manager

 

 

 

 

Illllrvr Amy Siibcl
I r i n ‘ Tracie Paul
Batu: Karon Amelor, Frank Cole, Gummy Divinallc, Drew Funa.

Rich tht, Michelle Pll-tl, Denna Schner Advertising Production: are

Behrundl. Eileen Chen, Jlll Gentile. Jamel Homer, Keith Kraughto, Alys-
Matuolln, Anncllr Muller, Sharon ﬁnd, Eric ﬂcth Oliieo Stall: Lisa Blohler.
Jennifer Chaeaiol. Rob Muinoill

Patricia manhole. Production Manager
Kirsten can. llmn Puberty. Asroclriir Production Managers

WITH-“N” ‘ Dllnuzzo
Typiclr: Laura Balms. Traola Paul. Pun somber. Polio-up: Nancy
Cum-mare“ Flood, i1. Phillip Hoover, 0. Barrel am, M.D.Tnompeon. Bonls
Valentin chaulieur. Jim Lolly

Photography principally supplied by Unlvmlty vhote Service, a student
rou

chlel Photographer: Kenny Kirsch ups lisilz Michael Aekermen. Bh-rl Albert.
Myrna Bravo, John Curry. Lynn Drrllur, Chuck Ginsberg, Ezra Maum, Mark
Meal-villa. Llu almrncne. Llnnu sporting. Erica colonel, Tanya Steele, Calhy
Btroud, Howard Tygar, Muir Vacarelil

Entire contents copyright ms Albany student Frau corporation, all rights
reserved

The Albany Student Press Ir published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and Juno by the Albany Student Frau Oovporallon. an lndependenl
. not-ior‘prcill corporatlcn, ' ‘ e "

Editorials are wrltten try the Editor In thei with memhoro oi the Editorial
Board; policy in subject to review by lhl'Edltorlal Bond Advrnlulnc policy
does not necessarily reliect odltcrlel policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Prose, GO 320
two Warninglon' vs,

Austin. N l
#:—

 

 

name and to accuse it of McCarthyism and other
unAmerican acts.

A cartoon on the same page was in bad taste by show-
ing Arab terrorism and Jewish retaliation to be as similar
as “the chicken and the egg.” However, it did in fact at-
tract much attention from angry Jews on campus. Ms.
Editor, terrorists aim at innocent civilians, retaliators aim
at military targets. They are not the same. To answer the
question “which came ﬁrst" -— terrorists murdered 3 in-
nocent Israeli civilians on a yacht in Cyprus before
Israelis destroyed the PLO military HQ in Tunis. Of
course, when terrorists killed an innocent American crip-
ple aboard the Achille Lauro, no one denied America the
right of retaliation. Can the ASP justify this double stan-
dard against Israel? '

If the ASP is to be taken seriously (seriously enough to
endorse candidates and referenda), then it must be fair to
all minorities on campus, not just its favorites. If the ASP
wants interesting stories, then publish an article on one of
the many newsworthy Jewish activities on campus (like a
speech from an Israeli delegate to the UN). The ASP
doesn't need to retort to yellow journalism.
' —- Mark Paley

Woman’s place

To the. Editor:

“My wife, I’ll think I'll keep her." How many of us
remember that famous commerical, in which the husband
objectiﬁes his wife so that the American public would be
convinced of buying Geritol vitamins. His point was that
his wife was a good possession because she used Geritol,
which made her strong and healthy enough to cook, clean
and make sure he didn't have ring around the collar.

This commercial and thousands like it all serve the pur-
pose of perpetrating sexism within our society. After
reading this, many may be thinking, “Oh come on, it's
only a commercial." Yet if we stop to think, it is only
natural that living in the consumer oriented society that
we do, these adverisements, given their importance to our
patterns of consumption, have a profound impact on the
way society deﬁnes women and their roles.

Furthmore, considering how much sex and violence is
used to sell a whole range of products from toothpaste to
sparkplugs, it is no wonder that 1 out of every 3 women
will be raped in their lifetime. Moreover, if we look at the
frequent use of children as sex objects in commercials, we
may begin to understand why so many children are vic-
tims of child molesters.

Sex and violence are not the only problems within our
media. The encouraged role of women as housewives and
the lack of attention paid to women in careers adds to the
common stereotype that “the Women's place is in the
home." If the woman is seen as a career woman, she must
be able to “bring home the bacon, fry it up in a pan, and-
never, never let him forget he's a man."

In addition, the discouragement of maturity in women,
and the encouragement of competition between them,
aisomay add to women perpetrating and assisting in their
own degradation.

Whether you agree with the assertion that the media is
one major source of sexism in our society or not, I urge
you to attend “The Naked Truth," an illustrated lecture
by JeanKilbourne, on Monday, November llth at 7:30
p.m.. in the Campus Center Ballroom. Tickets are $2 and
they go on sale at 7:00 pm. on Monday night. This event
will raise these issues and others and hopefully open up
discussion of the role of women in the media and how it
relates to sexism.

-— Ross De Mario

Dirty business

To The Editor:

Recently, and in past semesters, there have been stories
in the ASP about allcdged stealing of tests, and cheating
on exams in the School of Business.

I am a Political Science major, and in my field, such ac-
tions are virtually unknown.

Letters to the Editor on the subject have emphasized
the pressure for good grades in the School of Business to
explain why this behavior occurs. It is said that the
students with the highest grades get the best jobs. (In
business, this seems to mean the most money).

I wish to submit an alternative theory. It is this: the
cheating, stealing and lying in the Business School is not
abberent behavior. It is part of their education.

If one does not learn to cheat, steal and lie, one cannot
expect the “big” jobs in business. This is training for the
business worldye might call it Management iOI, Screw-
lng the other guy — How can students who expect to
screw the other guy after graduation be expected to earn
their grades in the university, and not steal them as in the
business world?

Thus 1, with my tongue firmly in my check, not only
dismiss the cheating, stealing, etc. as not academicly
I I‘ l .1 IA to 1

, A . .
u. . ‘wulvy —. rr .. u... u \n urn Hui:

principles (sic) of business, and as accurate manifestation
of what such study is all about.
. — J. Michael Malec

Survival swindle

To the Editor:

This letter is in response to Jim Thompson‘s article
about the Survival Game tournament held in Pittsﬁeld,
Massachusetts. “Survival Game reps organize to lure col-
lege players nationwide" certainly was an appropriate ti-
tle. You see, all of us were misinformed.

First of all, the fourteen dollars did not include the bus
trip to Pittsfield. That was three dollars extra. Secondly,
the advertising ﬁyer announced "barbeque." which turn-
ed out to be poor quality hamburger and hot dogs fried
on an indoor restaurant grill. This is no barbeque. These
refreshments were supposed to be available “at cost,” as
told to a member of our team at the planning meeting
How come Waist Watcher soda is 4/88 cents in the super-
market and 50 cents a can at the game? Off-brand soda is
not beer. No beer was sold to students at any time or even
made available to us.

We had a fantastic time playing survival. Our team
made it to the ﬁnals. Everyone was excited to return next
weekend. Then, we found out we would have to pay an
additional ten dollars each. Why? Two hundred dollars
per team is a lot of money. We also would have to pay
three more dollars each for the bus. We would be forced
to eat that “barbeque” again and pay for it. In addition
to these costs, extra rounds of ammunition would have to
be purchased for $2.50 each. The game ends up costing
outrageous amounts of money as most use 3 rounds of
ammo.

We never were told there would be an additional fee for
the ﬁnals. Most tournaments have one fee. The winners
continue; the losers drop out. Why then do we have to
pay ten more dollars? Someone is making big money off
this deal. We cannot play in the ﬁnals unless our team
gives the investors two hundred dollars. This is totally
unfair. ‘ . .

So let all of Albany State be aware of the real facts of
the survival game: It is very expensive, it hurts a lot when
the pellet hits you (had bruises and cuts were received by
many players). Much stress is experienced during the
game. There are lots of hidden fees that you are not being
told about. There is no barbeque. The food and soda are
.not available at cost. There is no beer available. The game
is a lot of fun and we really had a great time. It is unfor-
tunate that false advertising and misinformation had to
spoil it for us.

. — Clare Mertz
Member of “Legion of Doom" Survival team

Keep quad clean

To the Editor:

We are a group of concerned students, who are
residents of Mohawk Tower on Indian Quad. We are
disgusted with the sight and smell of the elevators every
Sunday morning.

Everyone likes to have fun on the weekends, but having
a party in the elevators is too much! Every Sunday it is the
same thing: soda cans. beer, pizza boxes and other
undesirable odors — we think you know what we mean.
However. nothing was worse that this weekend — there
were thousands of feathers thrown into the elevator. For
those of us with allergies it was a ride into Helll

Please, please, let's try to keep the elevators a little
cleaner on the weekends . . . and to those responsible for
the feathers -— our allergist thanks you, but we certainly
don’t.

— Ronit Greenberg
Lori Motola

Irene Grinberg
Debra Meyer

Food for profit

To the Editor:

I am writing to you about the recent plan to give up
one's UAS dinner on Friday, October 25 to help the ear-
thquake stricken victims of Mexico. Fuerza Latina has
done a terriﬁc job in trying to raise money for the relief
effort underway in that country, as many organizations
are doing across the U.S. to help our Southern neighbors.
However, it makes me cringe to think that from all this
goodwill and charity, United Auxiliary Services is
donating only $1.50 for every meal given up by the
students. I know that our meals are worth more than that.
Why can‘t UAS donate the full cost of the meal we paid
for to voluntarily give'up? UAS is making a proﬁt off of
the charity involved in the relief efforti I think that is
highly unfair. Afterall. UAS made a large proﬁt last year.
alone and we’re not getting any better quality of food for
it. Now, they're making a proﬁt off of the Mexican peo-
ple's misfortune. That'lsidirgraceful. Tpli me, did. UAS,
also make a profit when we gave up our meals last year to
help the starving of Ethiopa?

—- osvta‘r. ‘I‘ussone'

