 

    

~> .7 - \

Lesson in values

There’s a sociology professor here whose lectures
are often applauded by his students. Seniors who
took his intro course in the ﬁrst semester of their
freshman year can still recall many of his lectures[
Students who aren’t even enrolled in his courses
have actually been known to attend his classes in.
their spare time. imagine if most of our professors'
were this good, made their lectures this fascinating,
or made their lessons that memorable...

it would certainly be a far cry from the education
we're getting right now. Most of our professors
here were hired for their impresssive backgrounds‘
in research or the long list of books and articles
they've had published. _

Teaching ability is all but forgotten as our-
prestige conscious administrators seek out the ap-
plicant whose research will bring the most notoriety-
to a particular department. But the administrators
who hire our faculty don’t have to sit in a classroom
with a professor who makes it clear that teaching is:
just an annoying interruption that comes in the
middle of a good day of research.

This University's reseach oriented hiring and
tcnuring policy has been weakening the value of its
undergrad program for years. Despite sharp
criticism from faculty and students alike, numerous
professors with excellent teaching skills whose
classes have been jammed with eager students. have
been let go. all because of an inflexible policy that
makes research the number one qualification for
being a teacher. '
Until now. the administration has completely ig-
nored complaints about poor quality classroom in-
lstruction. but on Sunday a national panel of
educators released a report attacking colleges for
offering inadequate curriculurns and lousy
teachers“. . .We are more confident of the length
of a college education than its content and pur-
pose." the report said.

Sadly. many undergrads probably feel the same
way. Perhaps its time for the administration to do
some research on that.

ironic Charity

Most of us with on campus meal plans will forego
the "succulent" braised liver dinners UAS is serv-
ing Wednesday night. instead. we'll gorge ourselves
on pizza. go out for dinner, or in the case of one
dorm. hold a special dorm dinner. All this will be‘
done in the name of Ethiopian hunger.

For every student that signs up to skip dinner
tomorrow night. UAS will give $1.50 to help relieve
famine in Ethiopia. This is a simple. praiseworthy
means of involving a lot of students in a worthy
cause. it requires no time commitment from us, and
it doesn't cost us anything.

But the plan has an unfortunate by-product: it's

beer. made so easy for us to participate. that the
purpose has taken a sideline to the event. The event
seems to have accidentally turned into an excuse to
break the monotony of UAS meals and enjoy a
special dinner elsewhere; a dinner that will most
likely cost more than the $1.50 UAS will be
donating for your (sacrificed) meal.
We could resolve this ironic situation by suffering
through braised liver tomorrow night and giving the
money we would have spent on pizza or dinner out
to Ethiopian relief. but chances are we‘ll never get
around to actually making that donation. and
anyway. braised liver is disgusting. We could skip
the UAS dinner and fast. but why starve just
because Ethiopians are?

The $1.50 per student that UAS is donating will
add up to several thousand dollars for Ethiopian
relief. For some of us. the knowledge that we
helped a good cause by eating dinner elsewhere will
be enough. and bears no further thought. UAS and
the students who organized the program are asking
no more of us.

But just us the meal eaten after the funeral isn‘t
catch with the same pleasure as the meal served at a
party (even though it may be the same exact food.)
maybe tomorrow night isn't the night to indulge
ourselves in an evening out with lots of food and
fun. A quiet meal ordcrcd in the dorms might be
more appropriate. Let‘s all struggle a little with the
absurdity of our prosperity in the face of another
country's starvation. Maybe that pizza we order
won‘t taste very good if. us we‘re eating it. we
remember we ordered it in the name of Ethiopian

 

 

 

hunger.

 

 

 

  

 

’ and the Mets

“New York State runs its University like it runs its
prisons” — W. Clarke Weseoe. former Chancellor of the

University of Kansas.

This statement was included in a recently released 78
pg. report entitled. "The Challenge and Choice.” a com-
prehensive “Examination of the Operations and Con-
figurization of the 64 Campus. 370,000 Student Universi-
ty.” This report is crucial to the future of SUNY and
whether you‘re aware of it or not. it affects all of us. ‘

 

_Jason J. Friedman

 

“Challenge and Choice" was prepared by the Commis-
sion on the Future of the State University, which was ~
established in February 1984 at the request of SUNY
Chancellor Clifton B. Wharton. Jr. Co-chaired by Ralph
P. Davidson. Chairman of the Board of Time. Inc. and
Dr. Harold Enarson. President Emeritus of Ohio State
University. the commission included leaders with ex-
perience in government. business. labor and education.
Much time. money. and research went into the final'

report.

What did the report say? While it does mention
SUNY‘s accomplishments since its birth 25 years ago. the
main conclusion is made very clear: SUNY needs help.
This might sound crazy. but as i read the report 1 couldn't
help but think of the New York Mets. l realized that
SUNY and the Mets have much in common. (Give me a

chance on this one.)

The report found that SUNY is the most over-
and under-utilized University
system in the nation. This is not because of those who
teach, administer. and work for SUNY. Rather it is
because SUNY has been denied the administrative ﬁex-
ibility and decision-making authority it needs to become a

regulated. inflexible.

great University.

Why? The bottom line is that the state does not trust
SUNY to manage itself. By law the Board of Trustees and
campus Presidents are‘supposed to have authority over
the fundamental day-by-day operation of SUNY. This
just does not happen and the result has been disastrous.
The trustees and campus Presidents lack the essential
authority needed to decide crucial issues like how and
where state money is spent. the creation of University
positions. salaries. size of staffs. etc. '

Unlike other great public University systems such as
those in California. Michigan. Wisconsis. and Min-
nesota. SUNY operates under the same system of accoun-
tability and restrictions of other state agencies. like the
Department of Motor Vehicles. for‘examplc.
intentioned as it was. it has become painfully clear that
this is not the way to run a university. Over-regulation
and red tape has impeded SUNY's “Paramount Public
Purposes —- Quality education. Service. and Research."

interestingly enough. running SUNY is somewhat like
running a baseball team. You never have a winning team
when the owner calls all the shots. What does he know
about winning? Does he work out with the team and sit
on the bench? in the late 70's. M. Donald Grant ran the
Mets into the ground: he traded away key players. and
didn't appreciate the talent he had. Grant didn’t know
how to win. so the Mets became u joke. and we Met fairs

' took a lot of abuse.

But as most of us know. there was a happy circling to
this story and a moral that the state should pay attention
to. If you want to win. let the people who know how to
win do their jobs. When Nelson Doubleday bought the
Mets he hired the best to do their job. win. He brought a
sense of purpose. pride and responsibility to his organiza-
tion all tied in with u specific goal for the future. The
Mets competed for the best talent. coaching staff. and
rewarded their star players.

The state can learn from this example. and i don't
think l'm stretching the analogy too far. The report
found that SUNY‘s research and graduate programs.
with some noted exceptions. are well behind that of other
leading public universities in other states and leading
universities. in New York. as well. The bureaucracy
hinders attempts to recruit and maintain to?) faculty and
administrators. change the curriculum. and to secure
research funding.

The above just skims the surface of the problems that
plague SUNY. In the larger context. the commission
stressed that New York’s need for a state university
system that can serve “in full partnership with the in-
dependent sector and CUNY. as a magnet for industry
and a force for community and economic development."

In short. a beleaguered system can affect the future of

‘New Yorkstate: a weakened tax base. less steam in the

state's economy and lost opportunity to stem migration
from New York. SUNY can play ‘a crucial leadership role

in the economic and technological development-:ogNer

but we must be given the freedom to'deﬁn'e that role and
our goals for the. future. So. how do we climb out of se-
cond place into ﬁrst? We give the people who know how
to win the means to win. The commission proposed that
legislation should‘be enacted to establish the university as
a Public Beneﬁt Corporation. Basically. SUNY’s
trustees. SUNY~Central. and campus Presidents would
have the authority to manage its budget. academic and

personnel affairs free of the red tape and restrictions cur- .

rently imposed by state law. The commission was ems
phatic in stating that only by “this means will there be‘
continued improvement in SUNY's teaching. research.
and community service.”

This is all ﬁne you might say. but what about now. and
what can this mean for those who care about the quality'
of our education?

The report notes the signiﬁcant success of Albany in at-
tracting the brightest undergraduates to its campus. with
freshman SAT scores rivaling those of the most selective
colleges and universities in the nation. Also. Albany is on
the way to national recognition in graduate programs
such as atmospheric science. creative writing. and public
policy studies. Moreover. Albany's funding per faculty
member is the second highest among ‘ SUNY's 64
campuses.

But we are unfulﬁlled in many areas. The Association‘
of Research Libraries put the libraries at Stony Brook and
Albany in the bottom quarter of their study. And while
we can agree with Dr. Frank Pogue who told me that
“Rarely is a whole university ranked equally across the
board for all its disciplines." we have our vreak spots and
we know where they are.

But let's make one thing clear: i never said you cannot
get a quality education at SUNY Albany. and ultimately
this is why i was prompted to write in the first place. Talk
about an all-star team! 1 could rattle off a list of names of
men and women who are recognized nationally and inter-
nationally for their work. We are indebted to the commit-
ment. dedication and scholarship they bring to the
classroom. if you don’t actively. look for these people
then you‘ve lost before you began.

Finally. when i came to Albany in September l98l l
demanded excellence. but i didn't get it by sitting on my
butt. l actively pursued it. lint we must do better. There is
no reason why SU NY cannot join the ranks of the
foremost public and independent universities of this na-
tion. To do this we must break free of the shockingly in-
appropriate rcstrictions which prevent us from taking'
first place in our league. The pennant race has just
started. who's gonna run the club — the owner» or the
learn players?

 

at...

 

 

.. - W... Mac-4.44... .0 " ~ ~,

Lamas

. I . . . _
Don t pass the gurit
To the Editor: .

Isn't it toovbadl In his State of the Union address Tues-
day night Ronald Reagan spoke out against abortion (as
was his right). The pity is in how'he did it. He berated all
the women who chose abortion instead of giving their
children away to women who can't conceive. Well.
without even mentioning‘the trials of 9' months labor.
etc.. I ask -—_ Why pass guilt? The truth is, there are
thousands of orphans here in the United. States and they
will never have parentolbccause they aretoo-oid. or they
are handicapped. or they are the wrong color. Remember
the ad that ran in the personals last semester?-A white
couple would like to buy a white baby. call such and such
number. Would you really give your child to a couple so
prejudiced? They weren’t desperate to be parents —— they

 

wanted to pick and choose their child. But really think .

about all those children out there. And remember that
some of them are there because their mothers opted to
carry them full term in hopes that someone would be able
to care for them although they could not.

——-Slaeey Kern

C t t e s i rit
a c h h p -
To the Editor:

One of the things that students often complain about is
the lack of spirit. Maybe one of the reasons is that people
don’t put their money where their mouths are. in past
years. class dues were mandatory. but beginning with the
class of 1987. there were made optional. it hurt our class
and presumably the class of 1988 the most. Although the

classes of 1985 and 1986 lost money. they had a founda- -

tion to build on. We don't. More than two—thirds of the
class of 1987 has not paid their dues. How can any
organization such as ours promote worthwhile events if
we don't have the money in our treasury. Noone seems to
think twice about spending money downtown any night
of the 'week or getting a pizza at night. but somehow peo-
ple balk at having to pay $3 each semester for clues.

if you want to know what you're getting from your

H H.- Holdl Jo OrallmEdllorln Cruel
Donn China. John Koran-n. Manlvlna Editor:

 

 

   

 

  
 

 

 

u...“ nu... lnmln O‘Sulllyn"
Allwllto News Edit Alicia Clmbou
ASPoe dll . David LL. Lukln
Auoclnlc As Glnebcrp. Rlnn Young
nug- nu» Tmn Kmmdas
“av... no" ‘ I... Emlllnn

Mullo Editor ' ' ' -- nun-I narr- -

 

 

 

Jerry CIrnplcnc. Senior Editor

Contributing Editor: Juno Andaman. Joseph Fuoco.Mlehelle Kroll. Wayn-
Pocroboom. Judy Tarot Editorial Alli-lento: Mlchcllc Bustier. Cathy Enlp.
Krlallnc Sauar. Ilene Wolnltoln. Hill! vrrtlorc: Barbar- Abrchunor. Donna
Altman. Luella cnalt. Johanna Clancy. Jacquie clerk. Ian Clemente. Ken Dom-
baurn. Betta mambo. Beth Flnncrnn. Ronald Brant canton. Bob Henlon. Eric
Hindan. Muddl Kun. J. Michael Mlloo. Cnrllllno Hellolt. Pun Schumann-n.
Rich Sheridan. Mlenocl Skolnlck. Parry Tluhlor. Artist: Stove Bryaon

 

 

Chill Bing”. Bualnuo Manager
Lynn mm. Associate Buslncu Manna-r
Maura Klimt. Rhonda Well. Amnlclnu Managers
Milt. Krolntor. Sales Manager
Illllm “Ir-h- om.
n I T. . r I. mu Pom"
Claulllod Manager ............................................................................. ..K|rcn Dayle

annw Falrleln Mitchell
Advertising salon: More Hobcrmnn. stave Lull. MIMI-ing Production: Line
Bichlor. Donlu Gutrono. Torcuﬂilcalone. Eileen Kolbuuk. Jacki Midi-rally,
Amy Pup-my. Ollie. stilt: Linda Delgado. Marlorlc Hceonlnnl. Stephanie
Schanoul

 

Adam 8. Enalo. Palrlcla alonnoll. Production Manager:

Chlot‘l’ypoutlor  Heymon
Yyplctc: Debora Adclmlnn. .iunnino Dinnuzto. Bur-h Evolend. Sara Fu. Lian
Glamorous. Mauro-n McHuph. Pun Str-ubcr. Pesto-up: E. phille Hoover.
Judy Lawrence. Dun Darrel Slat. M.D.Thompeon. chculleuu: Warren Hur-
wltz. Richard Sheridan

Photography principally Iuppllld by Univ-rally Photo Service. a Iludlnt
rou .

Chill Photographer: Erica Saleuoi UPS stall: 3mm Albert. Amy potion. Marla
Culllnnn. John Curry, Lynn Drcllul. Cindy Gllwny. Adam Gin-berg. Robert
Hanlmnnn. Davin Isaac. Kenny Kirsch. Robert Luellly. Ezra Maurcr. Mark
Medlnvllla. Chrln Orclnl. Lian Simmons. Robert Saucy. David Slrlck. How-rd

from

Ilnllu contents copyright 1965 Alblny student Fru- carpoullon. Ill rights
ronrvod.

The Albany Student Preu Ia published Tue-days and Friday: between
Aunqu and June by the Albany Bludcnl Prcbl Corporation. an independent
uat-lurprotll corporation.

Edltorlnta are written by the Edltor in Cnlcl with memban ol the Editorial
Board; policy In eublccl lo ruvlaw by the Editorch Board. Advertising policy
tloos not nooalurlly ralluel editorial policy.

Malling Iddrul;
Alba-1y Bludunt Pull. Ct: 329

(MB) AOTAMMISIZEIMM

 

 

 

 

for you!

 

money. here are some examples. The biggest reason is
Senior- Week. The more money we have. the more we’ll be
able to do. and the lower the costs will be. Also. we do
keep track of who pays and who doesn't. If you don't pay
by the end of senior-year. you'll either have to pay back
dues or you won't 'be able to go. We know that's two
years down the road. but as the saying goes: “You can
pay us now. or you can pay us later."‘Pay now.l

The Council is “working. We have ideas for semi-
formals. trips to Boston. jerseys. etc; but we need the
base before we can do anything. We have nothing to gain
from the class paying, the money goes right back to you.

- Currently, we're offering trips to Florida and .the
BahamasaAnyproﬁt we make goes into the treasury. no
one is going for free. .

College is a great time so why not make the most of it.
If you haven’t paid yet. just do it. lt’s not that big a deal
for each person but the money does add up.

Most importantly. go to Student Accounts. check if
you have paid you class dues. if not — Pay them! This is

—Jaclyn Bernstein
President

'-—.Drmlel O'Connell
Vice—President
—Laura Brezosky

Treasurer ‘

Laurie Putterman
Secretary
and the Class Council of 1987

The cost of rights

To the Editor:

i feel compelled to answer Tom Gaveglia's letter to the
Editor of 8 February 85. For those of you who missed his
letter, Mr. Gaveglia is against draft registration.

We live in a society that provides us with many rights
and beneﬁts, and in return asks for money to help con-

. tinue toprovide these services. in times of war this society

has asked our young men to serve. and for many to die. in
our armed services. l myself see this as one of the costs of
living in this society. I feel that if 1 wish to live in this
society and enjoy its rights and benefits. then l must also
be willing-to contribute something to it. i mustbe willing
to defend it. Q .

lt‘ aggravates me” that people are willing to live in this
society. enjoy its benefits and rights. but feel that they
should contribute nothing. it angers me that there are
people willing to take and take and yet contribute
nothing. ‘

Those who are not willing to defend this country have
that right. however I think if they are going to make this
stand then they should stop being hypocrites and remove
themselves from this society. They should stop enjoying
the rights and benefits of the society that they are not will-
ing to defend. .

Mr. Gaveglia..you and I choose to live in this society

..v,and»enjoy its rights and beneﬁts. the only difference is

that I am a citizen soldier. a member of the US Army
Reserve. 1 am willing to support my country if .the need

arises. I certainly could not continue to take from this

society if I were not willing to contribute to it. i feel that.
supporting the common defense is the most important
contribution that needs to be made.

Mr. Gaveglia. like Thomas Jefferson said "I may not
agree with what you have to say. but l'll defend to the
death your right to say it. " This defense of your rights is a
beneﬁt that you‘enjoy at my expense. what are you will~
ing to do for me? Continuing to pay your taxes. if in fact
you pay taxes at all. at some point in the future will not be
enough. A society without a peace lime draft cannot
make the transition from peace to war without
registration. -

‘ ' don-than Newman

'GOI ng g reek
To the Editor:

I would like to bring to everyone’s attention something
which has the potential to change the social atmosphere
of SUNY Albany. l am referring to the recent explosion
of new fraternities on campus. Many new chapters of well
known national fraternities such as Zeta Beta Tau. Sigma
Alpha Mu. Alpha Epsilon Pl. Tau Kappa Epsilon. and
other local fraternities have all started Albany chapters.
The significance of this should not be taken lightly.

All of these organizations are still in their infancy. yet
if they do succeed. as i hope they will. it will bring an ex-
citing ncw aspect to campus life. Not only will we have
more choices of parties. but a successful fraternity system
will also revive school spirit. and we can certainly use
more of that at SUN YA. Many of the fraternities will also
be involved with local charities and various community
service projects. Perhaps most important of all. incoming
SUNYA students will have it great way to make new
friends and become actively involved in campus life.

As a recently pledged brother of the Zeta Beta Tau
fraternity. i am very enthusiastic about the_emergcnce ol‘

fraternities at SUNYA. i know that l speak for the rest of
my Zeta Beta Tau brothers in wishing the best of luck to
the other fraternities in the months ahead. We all have a
lot of work cut out for. us if we are to become a vital part
of campus life. but the groundwork has been laid and the
potential for success is there. We look forward to work-
ing with you all in the future as a way of furthering the
cause of fraternity life for all of us.

To the rest of the university community i would just
like to say that you will be hearing a lot from Zeta Beta
Tau this semester. We will be working very hard to make
our fraternity a success. but we can't do it without your
support. With your help. we can make fraternities a per-

Imanent and exciting new alternative in the social life of
SUNYA.

-— Howard Feller

Zeta Bela Tau

No harm intended

To the Editor: ‘

Music Express and Christopher's would like to
apologize to anyone who may have been offended by our
advertising on ﬁyers and invitations this past week. Our
slogan. “Suicide Night" was intended as a means of call-
ing attention to our kamikaze drink special. No malice
was intended and we kindly ask for your forgiveness.

Thank you. ‘

—Rlclry Gelfond

—Steve Heller

—Larry Gold

Music Express and Christopher’s

For the kids I

To the Editor:

Telethon ’85 would like to request the assistance of all
the offcampus students here at SUNYA.Once again we
are sponsoring a can drive to help raise money for “the
kids." These children are from the Albany Boys Club and
the Drakeland Day Care Center; two very worthy
charities chosen after many hours of careful considera-
tion by the Telethon ’85 staff.

We are simply asking you to save all those soda cans.
beer bottles, and any other redeemable containers and to
bring them to the Sayles Hall Ballroom "on Alumni Quad
between i and 4 p.m.. Sunday. February 24. There will be
a grand prize of a basket of'cheer to those students who
collect the most returnables. Please help us and
remember. it's for “the kids."

—Mlehe|le Legendre
-—.loel Muhlbaum
Telethon '85 Community
Relations co—chairs

Of mice and men

To the Editor:

What do you think of when you hear the words "mice"
and "cockroaches"? l'm sure it’s not very pleasant. Well
can you believe there is a place on campus where you can
find both in great abundance? Would you believe that
ironically this place makes the workers wear hair nets and
gloves when working around food? Would you also
believe that you have to pay $1.0l3 to eat three meals a
day for the school year under these ‘clean‘
conditions?

As a worker for the University Auxiliary Services. l'm
appalled at the conditions in the kitchen where l work.
Not two weeks ago we had a "mandatory crew meeting”
where a set of rules was laid down with strict conse-
quences if they were broken. Only approximately one-
third of the workers showed up. The very next week the
rules were being blatantly broken by a majority of the
workers. i ﬁnd it thoroughly disgusting when people in
charge laugh off the rodent problem by saying that they
are only tiny ﬁeld mice trying to stay warm. For the prices
we are paying for the food. i honestly believe i deserve a
cleaner environment for the preparation of my meals and
l'm sure my fellow students feel the same. i must say l'm
quite surprised that a corporate body as large as the
University Auxiliary Services would be so uncaring. un-
concerned and apparently willing to look the other way.
Each quad cafeteria is supposed to undergo "surprise"
inspections from the commissary regularly. i find it
rather humorous that the people in charge in the kitchen
almost always know in advance of such inspections. or a
quick phone call from another quad forcwurns of such a
visit. 1 suggest they conduct completely unexpected.
thorough inspections. possibly even after a dinner meal
has ended. U.A.S. is the only food service offered to the
students.Despite their monopolistic position here at
SUNYA. l feel that under our meal contracts they are
obligated to serve us with much more quality and a great
deal more cleanliness.

Name Withheld Upon Request

.n.

 

