4a Aspect

ACcording to

 

hat do you plan to do when you
get out of here?

. Mike Dermansky

If the answer is, "l don't know,"it is a
relatively common response lt’s also the
wrong response. You're supposed to state
your major; your field of interest, the job
market available, and your plans to get
there. The attitude l've perceived, now in
my 7th semester as a SUNYA student, is
that students ultimately feel that college is
a ticket to a financially secure future. Once
you’re in school your key responsibility is
lining yourself in the right department, and
getting a high enough cum so your feeling
can become a reality.

Well, what about the "I don’t knows"? A
key element in the American Dream is that
the indivrdual can decide what he wants to
do and how he wants to live. Students to-
day don't want to decide how they are go-
ing to live. They are aware of the expected
standard of living, and want to choose one
of the paths which has already been paved.

So, how does one best go about fitting
into one of many roles out there in the job
market? Is it wiser to be a business major or
a liberal arts major? is it the university’s
responsibility to prepare the student for
the real world? These are practicaloues-
tions which a senior standing on the
graduation platform simply must address.

I posed these questions to the president
of the University. Vincent O’Leary. "This
is not a technical training school," accor-
ding to President O'Leary. “The job of the
university is not to get jobs. Not that we
don’t care — the university prepares you
for long term' jobs. People typically have
five to ten jobs over a lifetime, not just that
one job out of college."

"If you have a technical skill, sure you'll
get a job, but in these times technologies
change, often rendering your skill useless.
The business school is getting more and
more liberal — stressing theories, which is
all part of a broad based approach. We pro-
vide the student with a broad base.”

Obvious words. lt was just like Dorothy
clicking her heels saying. "There‘s no place
like home. There's no place like home!"
She knew the answer but had to have it
laid out in front of her. Most students pro~
bably realize they are developing some
kind of knowledge which could prove
useful. However, the rat race for grades.
the pressure to make money after gradua-
tion, and the lack of a goal to comfort your
parents with as they sign yet another tui-
tion check,‘are disturbing aspects of college
life. A viable and extremely accessable

 

 

 

outlet is the Career Advisement Center. It
is located to the right of the entrance of the

library; down an open stairwell facing the
_ podium. i spoke with Stan Schwartz, the

director of the operation. "This department
helps students understand the realities. lt is
not a placement office. We have one-on-
one consultations, workshops, coordinate
recruitments on campus. We have pro-
grams ranging throughout the semester
that teach students how to develop a
resume, and conduct themselves in
interviews.”

Schwartz addressed the question of a
business versus a liberal arts education in
regard to employment opportunities and
salaries. "It is important to understand not

every kind of organization recruits on cam‘ —

pus. it is easier to getia quick, high starting
salary when you have more technical
knowledge such as computer science,
management information, or accounting.
As far as business versus liberal arts it is not
a black and white issue. Liberal arts
students are not naive. They know they’ll
probably be in the business world. The
most popular minor in this school is
business, Most companies I've spoken to
look at if the student did well, his or her
leadership positions, and evidence of
achievement. One’s major is not a breaking
point.“

What about the student who drinks
beer, watches every football game aired on
the box, and takes his tests without ever
meeting the professor? Schwartz com-
mented,"The center helps kids become
more assertive about sketchy information.
We try to get students to understand that
they have to cultivate relationships with

' professors. Letters of recommendation are

very valuable. Students need to know
what's out there. If they don't, they're
often embarrassed.

“They don’t come in because of invisible
and social barriers. They are not feeling
confident. Part of the job search is
marketing yourself. You are a product."

I found Mr. Schwartz to be sincere,
down to earth and comforting. He is not
making huge sums ofmoney but is happy
with his work. It felt a little bizarre, my
conducting this interview, as i am a senior
who doesn't know what is up and has trou-
ble Seeking out information. Admitting the
problem is better than ignoring it. There
are students who skid through school.
wind up at home borrowing money to go
out at night, and watch a lot of T.V.
They're the people we laugh at — the ones
who didn't make choices. It can come a lit-
tle too close to home. ' El

 

 

 

 

  

   

  
 

 

“The business school is
getting more and more

liberal —— stressing"theories,- ' .-‘

which is all a part of a": 
broad based approach."-We
provide thestudent with a .
broad base.”

——-V1'ncent O’Leary

 

\—
J

. am»... _.s..,-- “H, V.

, October. 18, 1935

.01' [not to?! '

    

it:
“La.

 
 
  
   
  

 

 

According to the
business world

ou know those cut-throat,
materialistic business majors all of us
4 non-business majors love to hate?

 Well, call them what you will — if you are

aiming for a job in business after gradua-
tion, it is they who will have the last laugh.

Despite the fact that liberal arts majors are‘

.being hired with increasing frequency by
businesses, the most demanded and
marketable majors are still business majors.

Marie Santacroce

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
  

”. . . a liberal arts major who.
met all the criteria had a
fairly good chance of
getting a job, but a business
major with the same
qualificationswould get the
job first."

 

, WsT‘Maybe people "who at
be more of them. rushing ‘

_ d , Io
 ent of the importance
‘ pad to organize the 'ﬁouricll orit
da'c‘ont'ei'ence bewtee 3 '
‘rpose of the conference ‘w
’ I  careers’t-and  adds (in;
nines: leadm‘cver stud!

the
h,

 

 

 

 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

 

 

       
    
 
 
  
    

as an Englishm'ajor, have'taken y' ve
V , 'e."mark€table" education; After a

, ‘ ry
ll, what"

 

 
 

In order to arrive at this conclusion, l
phoned a number of different companies,
explaining that l was a reporter for the

' Albany Student Press and ~wan ted some in-

formation concerning the type of
employee that businesses are interested in.
This was usually followed by a dead
silence, which I took for reverent awe.
After much begging, pleading, and red
tape l actually got some interesting
responses.

i decided to start big and called General
Electric. Even though I explained why I
was calling, the man 1 spoke with still spent
the first five minutes trying to convince me
that General Electric was not hiring at this
time. l guess he finally believed that i
wasn't asking for a job. My questions, he
said were. very timely. G.E. had just gotten
some new statistics which showed that star-
ting salaries for liberal arts majors are
creeping up and, in some cases, overtaking
those of accounting and economics majors.
"We may be returning to the concept of
the liberal arts degree being more valuable
than the business degree," he said.

He immediately qualified this statement
by making it very clear that, in spite of this
new trend, the majors still viewed most
favorably at GE. are accounting,
economics, and business administration.
This, of course, applies only to the non-
technical jobs. In great demand, on the
technical field, are mechanical and elec-

v trical engineers.

This turned out to be' the case with
almost every company I spoke to. CE. has
a variety of criteria a prospective employee
must meet. On the top of the list is a high

.G.F.A. Also important is a former student’s

extra curricular activities. "G.E. looks for
leaders," he explained, and cited R.A.’s and
club presidents as examples. He also stress-
ed the value of any related work. ex-
perience. l hung up with the definite imv
pression that a liberal arts major who met
all the criteria had a fairly good chance of
getting a job, but a business major with the
same qualifications would get the job first.

Another big company I spoke with was
Niagara Mohawk. As I waited on hold to
talk with a man named Ernest Aurella, l
was entertained with music reminiscent of

‘Romper Room. l’m sure there was a

psychological motive behind it, but I
haven't figured it out yet. Ernest got right

 

'to the point telling me Niagara Mohawk
was a technically oriented company and
therefore in search of (you guessed it)
engineers. For the liberal arts major,
however, Niagara Mohawk is slightly
more promising than G.E., since in all non-
Ttechnical jobs, "liberal arts majors have the
same chance as Business majbrs." At
Niagara Mohawk everyone starts at the
bottom. All promotions are internal and
based initiative and drive. Again, the job
criteria are G.P.A., activities and ex-
perience. Like G.E.. Niagara Mohawk is
looking for "well-rounded individuals."
The only edge someone could have in ap~
plying for a job with their company is
again, some technical training.

l also spoke with two Albany-based
employment agencies. The first, Snelling
and Snelling, stressed that, while ex«
perience in accounting and computers is in
the greatest demand, more and more fre-
quently it does not matter what you major
in as long as you have a degree. She con-
firmed the trend mentioned earlier by GE.
and told me businesses are hiring more
liberal arts majors than ever, and at times
even prefer them over business majors. She
cited common sense, verbal skills, and "the
ability to get things done” as important at
tributes of a prospective employee.

My phone call must have made the Cer-
qua Placement Agency’s day. When I ask-
ed about employment possibilities in the
capital district, a woman asked me if i was
talking about experienced people or recent
graduates. “Recent grads," I responded.
"Recent grad uatesl" she shouted. "Nobody
wants them!" The Woman then proceeded
to laugh at me for the next two minutes.
When she calmed down enough to speak,
she explained it had been a long day.

I asked how she expected graduates to

get experience, and she suggested they go
down south "where a New York education
is respected." This was, of course, followed
by more laughter. At least she thought she
was funny. When l finally pried some
,serious information out of her, she pretty
much reiterated what everyone else said.
The most marketable majors? As always,
accounting, computers, economics and
engineering. To this basic list she added
math, which she said could be used in
almost any field. As for liberal arts she
feels that there are almost no opportunities
in Albany except in law and teaching. Her
final note was that all jobs are based on
G.P.A.

Obviously, businesses are still hiring
business majors. Yet the liberal arts major
is making a slow but steady comeback.
And if you're in engineering, you are
definitely a hot item. Whatever your ma-
jor, a good G.P.A. is a must. and a few ex-
tracurricular activities, especially in your
field of interest. are also a good idea. Add
to that a lot of perseverence and a little
luck, and any major can find a niche in the
real world.

   
 

 

