 

rfJ‘J‘S'V‘JVSJV'FI.“ 3.11.331?) ‘1 3:17). 

 

 

.. ‘ Sports Illustrated gets

i i .  ' I f . \ . Lackey.   a
 r S 2 u   V ' See page 23 '
I ' Look inside for this year’s

last Sports Supplement

 

 

 

APRIL 30, I985

 

 

 

Danes fall from SUNYAC race after Dragon split

By Jeff Mallaber
\Illll “kl/Hf

What happens wltcn in tlte same game. you have
the bases loaded with tto outs and don‘t score. and
then you get ttten on first and second nitlt no outs
attd don't score?

You get to watch tlte playoffs instead of playing
itt tltctn. probably. the bad luck Dattes ofcoach Ed
Zztloont hit tough litte dll\‘L‘S itt botlt sitttations and
came up etnpty. That's just how coach Zalootn felt
on Monday. empty.

The Danes went to ()neottta last weekend ttecding
a sweep to gi\c them a solid cltattce at tlte eon-
fet'encc playoffs. That “as ttot to be. however. as
the batsmen could manage only a split. ptttting their
conference record at 7-5. liinghatnton's record is
7-3 attd they lllt\ cl to ()ncottta for a doubleheader
today. ll'tltey can manage one witt or even a tie. the
Danes say bye-bye to the playoffs.

The loss came itt game one despite a decent effort
on the part of tlte Danes. Warren Miller. tlte Dane‘s
best and most consistent pitcher this season. pitch-
ed what Zalootn called. "A fine game except for
one mistake. " After giting up a home run to one of
the Onconta batters early on. Millet faced hittt
again and ran the count to 0 and 2. At this poittt lte
threw the satne pitch as before attd got takett deep
again.

Obviously, Coach Zaloom “as disappointed bttt
he “as staunch it] his support of Miller. He said that
Miller was a big reason that the Danes had a shot at
the playoffs in the first place. Tlte final score was

tion somewhat. [aloom said. “We played good

hall. we just didn't get the proper hit at the proper

time. We left people on base at critical points."
indeed. the words "left on base" are enough to

give a good coach heartburn. Coach Zaloom is a‘

good coach.

(lame two was a little bit happier for the Danes.
Chris Fletcher turned back the clock to the days
before his arm trouble. coming up with a beautiful
performance. In a complete game victory. Fletcher
gave up ottly three hits and four walks while strikirtg
ottt six.

Coach Zaloom loved it. "l-‘letch pitched a fine
ball game for us ottt there." he said. “He kept us in
the race tttatltematically."

offensively. the Danes came up with several sterl-
ing performances. Howie Hammond continued a
fine season by driving in two runs on two hits. He
has been a steadying offensive force in an otherwise
up attd down year.

Tony Torre; rounded out a fine defensive perfor-
mance in both ends of the doubleheader with an of-
fensive show itt game two. Torrez came up with one
Rl3l on two hits. one of them a triple.

The Danes held Oneonta to two runs to come
away with a 7-2 final. The game itselfwas testimony
to what the Danes cart do when the pitching and hit<
ting cotne together in one game.

Coach Zaloom doesn‘t hesitate to admit that he's
disappointed about the loss of the playoff oppor-
tunity. Still. he says it's been “a good season
overall. We’ve won seven out of our last ten ball

 

‘.

 

( . games. The problem was that Binghamton kept up gups
The star of the gatne for the Danes was their the pace. too."
defense. Led by Tony Torrez. the defense turned in One of the keys to assessing the success of a Chﬂs Kanns'w “PW” a "mm N "1° phm' Ram‘s“ and "m "u
an errorless effort that lessened the coach's frustra- 21> 0' me squad won ‘ be seeing posbseason acuon
Crew gains bragging rights of Capital District
By Adam Engle Coach Jeff Sehafer ttow eon- The men split with the Dut- novice level anymore. it’ll be Crawford is one” of ‘four
I'Rl'm‘ W" "““"" siders the Albany State crew the clttnen. winning the novice eight more difficult.” said Schafer. graduating oarsmen who com-
When Albany State crew faced “dominant team itt the area.” by 20 seconds. The light-weight Said Theresa Longhi: “We "prise the body of the men’s light-
Union last weekend in Ithaca. The women swept all the races eight lost by only 1.5 seconds. but have left a good foundation for weight team. The other seniors
they knew that the next limL‘ they they entered. The women‘s four to Union's heavyswcight eight. the future team. I. think the who will be missed on the men's
faced the Dutchmett would not be won by 45 seconds. The women‘s The losing crew was ahead most school sees us as something that boat are Kevin _Reaume. Chris
easy. To their surprise. the first eight and the women‘s se- of the race until one of the merits attention, That can only Jones. and John Francis.
Albany oarsmen won four ottt of cond eight each won by 30 and 25 oarsmen caught a crab near the help us next year." Friday’s race on the Mohawk
five races this past Friday frotn seconds. respectively. end. Dennis Crawford thinks that River. rowed in a warm drizzle,
Union. According to Marianne Gib- Next year. half of the men and next year’s strength will not be established the bragging rights to
“it's a great feeling." said bons. the stroke of the second ltalf ofthe women will be return- due entirely to this year's suc- the rivers around Albany. Not all
senior oarsan Dennis Crawford. women's eight. “We felt we could ing. Coach Seltafer hopes that eesses. “The energy of this year the Albany rowers care to be so
‘ “Hopefully. it will start a real do well against Union. It feels next year's team will be bigger will carry over. Our enthusiasm free in their thinking.

rivalry. i think it's healthyto have

a cross town rival."

good. especially since we've only
been on the water since March."

 

attd ntuch improved.
"We won’t be rowin on the

    

will support the rowers who are
comin back."

 

By Kristine Sauer

ASSYK'IA fl: SI‘OK IS EDITOR

Sunday.

Softball team sweeps '
Stony Brook and Siena

Since the Albany state softball team no longer has a
chance to play in the SUNYAC playoffs. they have
shifted their hopes to playing in the NYSAIAW playoffs.
But the ll-S-l Danes won‘t hear word on that until

it they make it. they'll be held the weekend of finals
week. “That’s no way to play or take an exam." said
coach Lee Rhenish. “Some schools don't accept post
season contpetition. But if you play so hard and do well.

l‘Any team can beat any other
21>

 

  
  
   
    
 
   

you want to get recognition for your efforts like this.

Coach Rhenlsh feels the NYSAlAWs. which the Danes
won in I982. are a better opportunity than the ECACs.

The Danes swept their last twu doubleltcaders. On
Saturday against Stony Brook. Albany just ttipped the
first game 2.1. lleth Wolf scored in the bottotn of the
third to tie the score at one run a piece. Later. iii the fifth
inning. a run was scored off a Sheila thtleton single to
bring the score to 2~l. enough to secure the victory.

In the second game, the Danes blew away Stony llrook.
ll-0. Albany first got on the scoreboard by scoring a rttn
in the second inning. They followed that by seven runs in
- the third and three in the fifth for a grand total of ll.
‘" 'w" ”” On Thursday, the Danes also hosted and swept Siena.

 

 

 

 

D
ggzlhadhlyttloton altdu utoly Into thlrd base In a game against Stone. The Dance ewept the Indium on Th“ was "m day that pncher Wendy wnuams pugs?

 

 

 

