 

'1

'in three weeks as the Danes crushed the

 

Sports Tu:

 

 

 

NOVEMBER 12, I985

 

En garde!

Fencing comes to Albany
State‘

See page 18

 

 

 

 

 

 

Dane defense grounds Buffalo air attack, 20-0

By Marc Barman
CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

The bruising Albany State defense did
everything right against Buffalo University
Saturday.

The defense scored one touchdown, set
up another. abrasiver shut down the
Bulls’ running attack and expertly shut
down “Dando’s Airforce" — the
nickname given to Buffalo‘s pass-oriented
offense.

All that resulted in their second shutout

Bulls 20-0. on a gray and rainy afternoon
at brand~new UB stadium.

Now, the Danes‘ playoff picture appears
clearer. They must beat nationally-ranked
Wagner this Saturday in Staten Island attd
pray that Ithaca can hold off Kings Point
and Hofstra cart knock off Western Con-
necticut — three events that are far front
improbable.

But if it weren’t for the outstanding
defensive play Saturday. the Danes
wouldn‘t be looking forward to anything
except Thanksgiving at home.

“The defense far exceeded our expect’ -
lions." said Coach Bob Ford. “It was the
best defensive performance since last year


:15.

 

 

Soldini accumulated 52 yards on 13 at-
tempts and Ro Mitchell compiled 45 yards
on seven carries.

“Their defensive tackles killed us.”
Ford said. “And the penalties hurt us. It
put us in a number of ﬁrst-and-20 situa-
tions and that just breaks your
consistency.”

The Danes' second drive of the game,
which ended on Buffalo’s one-yard line
after Soldini was stopped on a fourth-and-
goal play, led indirectly to Albany’s ﬁrst
touchdown.

After Dane Hightower ran for a Buffalo
first down at the eleven, freshman quarter-
back Mike Gentilella made an errant pitch
on an option and Iaccobaceio fell on it at
the six-yard line.

Milano threw incomplete to Revano on
the first play. and the quarterback ran for
a yard on second down. Ford, regarded as
having one of the more imaginative minds
in Division III football. lived up to his
reputation on third down-and-goal from
the five.

Wide receiver Chris Haynor, receiving a
handoff on a reverse option. ran wide to
the right with ample blockers in front of
him and hustled into the end zone with
4:14 left in the first period.

 

against Ithaca. We were well-prepared
defensively.“

HOWARD TVGAR UPS

Dane quarterbacs Mike Mllano looks to pass against Holstra. The Danes shut out

The Danes held the Bulls to 56 net yards
rushing on 38 attempts, and 143 yards
passing. “The defense rose to the occa-
sion.“ said quarterback Mike Milatto.
whose hand injury, suffered against
Hofstra. was healed by game time.

There seemed to be no letdown from a
defensive standpoint as the Danes hit
without abandon from the first play to the
final one. “We were pumped." said defen-
sivc tackle George laccobacio. who
recovered a funtble at the Buffalo six
which led to Albany‘s first score. "There

' was no letdown.“

The defensive stars were in abundance
Saturday. Cornerback Matt Kttrl.
nominated for defensive player of tltc

Bullalo on Salur ay.
touchdown. He also had seven tackles and
one quarterback sack.

Scott Dmitrenko. a huge linebacker, had
12 tackles. an interception and played an
integral role in stopping the Bulls’ short
yardage passing attack. “The quarterback
wasn’t looking off his receivers.” said
Dmitrenko. “We knew where he was
going."

Denis Murphy was his usual ferocious
self, accounting for eight tackles. “The
defense has played tough all year,“ Mur-
phy said. “I think we‘re starting to peak."

Bulls‘ coach Bill Dando implemented a
conservative offensive game plan. which is
a departure frortt recent Buffalo teams.

against Albany and wound up with a vast
amount of third and long situations.
“They tried a reverse game plan on us,”
Murphy said.

Coach Ford disagreed with Dando’s
strategy. “They’ve lived by the pass,"
Ford said. “and they tried to change that
against us. You always want to add a new
wrinkle to a game plan, but you can‘t get
away from what you do best.”

The Danes continued to utilize their best
weapon, the wishbotte. but it had limited
success against a strong Buffalo defensive
unit led by 230-pound tackles Mark
Giacovelli and Dave May, and linebacker

   

week. intercepted a John Mings pass and
returned it 23 yards for Albany’s second

Traditionally known for its complex pass-
ittg attack. the Bttlls tried running the ball

Mike Laipple, who had 13 tackles. Caesar
Revano was most impressive of the crew,
gaining 53 yards on seven carries. Dave

“We weren't dominating the line offen-
sively," said Ford. in explaining his play
selection. “I wasn’t sure if we could get it
in the old-fashioned way.“

Meanwhile. Dando was looking like
anything but a genius. In the second
quarter trailing 7-0. his Bulls faced a
fourth-and-goal situation at the one after
Albany stiffened on three plays. The
usually daring Dando elected to try a field
goal, which went wide. Dando refused to
discuss the decision afterwards in the
dressing room, but Ford didn’t.

“It‘s important to get something on the
board right there,” Ford said. “They were
stuffed three straight plays and ‘didn‘t
want to be stuffed again. But I guess if I
was the underdog I would’ve gone for a
touchdown.’ ’

The Danes then took over from their 20

18>

Albany State skaters edge past Cortland , 6-5

By Lisa Jacket
and Olivia Abel

Over two ltundred enthusiastic fans cheered on the
Albany State hockey clttb as they skated to victory over
the club from Cortland in their first home gatttc of the
season Saturday ttigltt. 6-5.

Four or five of the players have played on the Division

 

 

 

"OWAIID "GAR Ul‘ﬁ

The Albany hockey club won Its home opener

|l learn at Cortland.

Albany had opened their season with a disappointing
loss against Binghamton last Friday. 7v2.

Head Coach Bruce Pomakoy was pleased with the way
the whole team played. saying that they played “ten times
better“ than they did against Binghamton

“The team was really psyched - we had a lot riding on
the gante."said Pomakoy. “We‘re now in the Division III
ranks. and we were playing our first home game. The
team kept their composure and showed lots of poise and
character.“

Albany dominated the first tctt minutes of the game. as
the puck rarely left Cortland's side.

With 2:49 left in the first periotl. sophomore Mike
Mondiello scored on an assist frortt Dan Eislcr.

(‘ortlttnd Ctllllc back to score with only 28 seconds left
in the first period. trunking the score l-l going ittto the se-
cond period.

Witltitt the first tninttte and a half of the second period.
Mondiello scored his second goal of the game with a shot
off it face off. Freshmen Dave Datlhek and Scott lily
recorded assists on the goal.

('ttpitttli/ing on their opportunities and Albany‘s mett-
tttl mistakes. (.‘ot‘tluttd outscored the Danes 4-2 itt the se-
cond period.

"We weren't thinking lit the second period. We were
ottl of position and tltcrc was It lot of wasted energy."
said senior Jitn Lesltody.

After Cot‘tltttttl's second goal of the second period.
Dulbck received the puck frottt lily on it face off and beat
the Cortland goalie on the short side with u snapshot,
evening the score 344. (.‘ortlrtttd added two goals. and

Albany trailed 5-3 going into the third period.

Coach Pornakoy gttve words of advice and encourage-
ment in the lockeroom before the start of the third
period. He went over the basics with the team and stress-
cd “good hard work.“

“During the second period. we weren’t back checking
hard enough, and we lacked intensity. but the coach came
itt and pointed out what we were doing wrong. and we
came back in the third period." said Leskody.

Albany came out with intensity iii the third period. and
within two mittutes frosh Jim MacLear’s unassisted goal
brought Albany withitt a goal.

Albany evened the score again. making it S—S as senior
Rich Dictn passed the puck across an open slot to
sophomore John Franz. who tipped it itt. Also assisting
Franz‘s goal was senior I’aul Essner.

Albany and Cortland scrapped for the game winning
goal, until Albany's Diem scored with only l:53 left itt
regulation on assists from Mike Cavanaugh and
Mrtclcar.

Alhttny lead itt shots on goal, 54-28. Lcskody and Rug-
gcrio contbittcd for 23 saves.

“‘The positional and totttl defensive structure was vast-
ly tntpt-oved from our last game ttgttlllst Binghatnton.”
said assistant coach Ed Rosen. “We had good quality
shots, a lot frotn in close."

l’ontukoy thought Cortland played ll sloppy and
disorganized gtttne. bttt admitted thttt they picked up a lot
of Albany's tttetttttl mistakes during the second period.

Cortland's goals itt the first two periods were mainly
off screens and tip-ins. .

19>

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
    
     
    
   
 
  
    
  
   
    
    
    
   
    

  
 
 
  
  
 

Cal.
Film
and

    
    
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 

Spin
[)0]

 
 
 
   
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  

  

