 

 

 

 

The five

minute letter ’V

«If President Reagan's financial aid pro-
posals are approved, 32 percent of the
SUNYA students Who currently receive
aid, would'be in danger of losing it. That’s
not only a threat to those students, that’s 'a
serious attack on our higher education
system. If we, as students, are to maintain
any of the political, clout we gained in
November, and, if you really value your
student loan. now’s the time to take ﬁve
minutes to protect it.

Just reach. for the nearest notebook and
tear out a piece of paper. Copy down all
or part of the letter below, inserting your
Senator or Representative’s name at the
beginning and signing your name at the
end, and mail it to the addresses listed
after the letter. It sounds like real work,
but we already timed it, you can do it in
less than five minutes.

Dear Senator/Representative:

I am a registered voter and a student
at SUNY Albany. I am writing to express
my concern over President Reagan’s pro-
posed financial aid cuts.

Reagan’s proposal to arbitrarily cut
off loan eligibility for all students with
family incomes above $32,500 is com-
pletely insensitive to the needs of students
with large families, and will. make it in-
cresingly difﬁcult for many of us to attend
college. ‘

In addition, Reagan’s proposal to set
a $4,000 cap on annual aid to any one stu-
dent, is unreasonable; attending college
costs much more than $4,000.

I ask you, as my elected represen-
tative to put a stop to these unjust pro—
posals, and make accessible higher educa-
tion one of your top priorities.

Sincerely,

If you live anywhere in New York State,
you can send copies of this letter to your
US. Senators Daniel P. Moynihan and
Alphonse D’Amato at: .

The United States Senate
Washington, D.C. 20510

If you registered to vote in Albany, you
can also send a copy of this letter to your
Representative, Sam Stratton, at:

The House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20515

if you registered to vote in your
hometown you can find out who your
Representative is by calling Student
Association at 457-8087 and asking to
speak to a member of the student action
committee.

Take the time and write the letters right
now. Your five minutes and 22 cents
stamp could be one of the best in-
vestments you’ll make in college.

 

 

 

 

 
   

" 5' Museum
litigants rims

 

  

A dangerous prOpoSal

President Reagan's budget proposal represents a
dangerous attack on our present educational system. His
efforts to further divert funds from education. which as
of now represent a mere l percent of the federal budget
pie, and to increase military spending up to an estimated
50 percent of our national budget will serve to make

education a much more scare commodity. This attack .

mut be met with strong letter writing and lobbying effots.
On our own campus USSA, NYPIRG, SASU, Student
Action and the Academic Affairs Committee are just
some of the groups gearing up to face the challenge.

[Eric Bowman

On February 4. President Reagan submitted his Fisal
Year 1986 budget requrest to the Congress. The ad-
ministration proposes to reduce financial aidjto college
students by $2.3 billion -— from 88.6 to $6.3 billion -— a
27 percent cut which would entirely eliminate aid to over
one million students and reduce aid to’the vast majority
of the remaining recipients. Reagan's request is the most
aggressive assault on the principle of educational access
and choice since the incpetion of federal ﬁnancial aid
more-than two decades ago. Students must either ﬁght
back or surrender the dream of equal educational
opportunity.

Ronald Reagan has been no friend to higher education
since his inauguration in 1980. In all. the administration
has proposed cuts in appropriations and restrictions on
elegibility which would have resulted in a 60 to 70 percent
reduction in need-based aid. Through their participation
in the United States Student Association and coalition ef-
forts with all the major higher education groups in
Washington D.C., students have been successful in lob-
bying Congress to block many of these proposed cuts.
Still. total federal funding for ﬁnancial aid has declined
23 percent in real dollar terms since l980.

The administration’s current request is a combination

 

of caps, limits, and new eligibility guidelines. According-

to Acting Education Secretary Gary L. Jones, this
mishmash is part of "a major philosophical shift," a
return to “the traditional emphasis on parent and student
responsibility for financing college costs." This rhetoric
translates into a proposal requiring all students to come
up with a minimum of $800 on their own before receiving
grants or loans. and a new rule which defines all students
under the age of 22 as economically dependent on their
parents, unless they are orphans or wards of the court.
Students 22 and older willlhave to meet stringent new

' standards to establish their economic independence.

The administration proposes a $4,000 “mega-cap” on
total annual financial aid — grants, direct loans, work-
study, guarenteed loans — to any one student. This cap
will target those in greatest need. Senator Clairborne Pcil,
l).-R.l., original sponsor of the Pell Grant program,
estimates that one-half of the 430.000 students potentially
affected by this ceiling come from families with incomes
of less than $l2.000.

Reagan‘s proposals also offer problems for those'who
depend upon a Guaranteed Student Loan to finance their
educations.

Students whose family's Adjusted Gross income (AGI)
is above $32,500 must currently undergo a needs test In
order to qualify for a GSL. Reagan seeks to make $32,500
an absolute ceiling for eligibility. Students in this category
will be denied GSL's regardless of economic need or
family circumstances. Nationwide, these new eligibility

guidelines would result in the elimination of nearly one
million awards. In New York State these proposals will
have asevere impact: A total of 95,880 students in NYS

‘ will be denied access to GSL's. Twenty-four percent of all

undergraduates and twenty-two percent of all graduates
currently particpating in the program will now be
eliminated. Within the SUNY system, 26,444 students
would be excluded at a loss of nearly 50 million dollars.

Additionally, Reagan seeks to impose a $25,000
eligibility ceiling on Pell Grants and campus-based aid
programs (State Student Incentive Grants, Supplemental
Educational Opportunity Grants, College,Work Study,
National Direct Student Loans). Nationally, this ceiling
will eliminate more than 808,000 (29 percent) of the 2.8
million Pell recipients. Total appropriation for Pell

 would be slashed by $644 million, from $3.325 billion to

$2.681‘billion.- ’ _.~ «

On the national level, if Reagan is successful, his cuts
will result in noticeabletrends. Less young people,will be
attending institutions of higher education. Those with
their heads barely above water now with tuition bille will
be swamped. We will also begin to see more prospective
students in military service as that is where there will be a
prominent amount of job opportunities. v r ,.

The proposed cuts are not only a dangerous;threat to
higher education in America; they area blatant attack
upon the students and present character of SUNY
Albany. ’

According to information from our Financial Aid Of- »

fice, 1465 SUNYA students (including 1380
undergraduates) would lose their Guaranteed Student
Loans‘-— a loss of $2,937,000 in GSL money to this cam-
pus. l308 Title IV grants and loans (including Pell
Grants, Supplementary Educational Opportu'nlty Grants,
National Direct Student Loans and College Work Study
aid) would be lost to SUNYA, representing a Si,l33.100
loss to our student population. Proposed $4,000 per- stu«
dent loan ceilings, virtual elimination of financial in-
dependence status for those 22 and under and expecta-
tions that students contribute at least $800 of their own
money» before consideration for most Title IV aid are
thinly-veiled attempts to limit university access for our
less-priviledged students. ‘ . 

Access to SUNY Albany would be‘curtailed lit two
ways. Firstly. many of our present and potential students
would be unable to afford a SUNYA education anymore.
Secondly. a high proportion of enrollment spaces will be
taken up by financial.aid refugees from higher-priced
private schools. .2"

Education spending represents barely 1 percent 'of the
federal budgetahd the Reagan administration is propos-
ing to cut that Education budget 25 percent whileralsing
the military budget 6 percent. With many of America’s
social and economic problems directly linked to access
and quality of education, this proposed plan to further
stratify American society can only lead to disaster.
Higher Education is not just another line in the federal
budget to be adjusted and readjusted according to the
government's interest payment schedules. It is an integral
part of -any true and lasting American recovery. We urge
every member of the University Community to stand up
against the proposed ald cuts, letting our federal ofﬁcials
know exactly where the citizenry stands.

u.

 

The author Is a USSA delegate and Student Association
Mlnority Affairs. Coordinator

 

 

 

ﬂ... .. w.-
\.',. ..
' ..'.1

 

 

.V ‘

V_ , . . Dean Chang. John Keenan, Mmlng Editor:

 

 

  

. .0 o - -' 0.

Spirit of helping-
To the Editor:  ' ‘ , x

The spirit of helping once again showed itself in our
university community. On February 11, l2. and IS Mid-
dle Earth sponsored a series of workshops and presenta-
‘tiohs entitled‘Sexuality,Week. The project turned out: to
be a success thanks to the support Middle Earth received
from the Student'Affairs ofﬁce, Speakers Fomm. the
Gay and Lesbian Alliance, the SUNYA Dance Council,
and Student Association. Together,-‘these organizations
worked with Middle Earth and area professionals to

educate andstimulate the minds of over 600 sexuality

Week participants.  .

During the week individuals learned about 'yrﬁ'elatiodg:
ships. ‘Sexuality, health care. sexual orientations, and

other related issues. During the planning and presentation

of the event Middle Earth learned once again that it has _‘
the. support of the university community. Thank you all.’

+Mn'rk Gem's

'_ I . ' MiddleEnr-th '
,. Sexuality Week Committee 

, organized event   ii;

To the Editor: 3‘ - v V
-' I am writing this letter to inform my fellow students of
the most unorganized event planned by the University
Concert Board at SUNYA.  '
‘ This past Sunday (ii/l0), UCB held a concert in the
campus ballroom featuring Jean Luc Ponty. UCB dserves
no merits for this event because the accomodatlons made
for the students were horrible. Not only were the tickets
overpriced,_,UCB expected someone who paid $9 to stand
for the entirelshow #— a' total ripoff. Upon entering the
room one hour.’ before the show, I could not ﬁnd a seat
anywhere because there were so few seats set up. At this
__time', at least 100 people were already standing. The

security saff was making us nmove to the bacxk and side ’

of the ballroom where there was no visibility to’ the stage

(only someones head or back was visible). Was this worth

$9? Absalutely not. Another disgusting sight was an en-

tire row saved for UCB members. Did they pay 89? l

_ highly doubt it. If the members were deserving of the
f - - . . ,

, , let-NM In ll"
A NONI Jo Grille. Editor In em!

 

l-m-I O'Bulllvan

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. . .. u“.
Tom Known, Hin- Young
“but. “her ........ ..Lorln Ginsberg
M. l . -7 
- .a. n‘ “m "I"
saw no; Mm
c9" .. .. .

 

Jerry cm». ML]. Lukht, Widlfon'

‘ Contributing ‘  ,

Judy Torel Editorial mama: Michelle Busher. Cathy Snip, llono Wolno-
lsln. sun wrlure: Abraham". Donna Altmll. helium. Johanna
Clancy. Jacquie Clark; Ian Clemente, Ken Dom'rum. Bella Dumbo. Beth Fln‘
nor-n. Ronaldarurt Durst-n. Bob Hanlon, E Hlnden. Mandi Kurt. Donna

Sheridan, Mlchnl akolnlck. David Wannelm, Ipoetrurn Idler. Brenda
Schuffrr sun Artful: Gary Palmer . I -

. . ». em. I almu W
, ‘ Lynan AnoaIate Durlneu Murmur
. . Maura mum. Rhonda Wolf. Advrhlrlng Manager- '
-- IAIIto Krllmer. all“ Manager I

Illlllla

, I an Peron

' i‘ hm- Davla

Advertising Sales: Karen Amulet. Dan Flelshor, More Moherman. ﬁleh tht.

Judy Tani. Advertising Production: Llsa Blahler, Deni-o Culrono. Teresa

Glacalonu. Ellun Kolbuuh, Allen McDonnell, Jacki Mldllrrlty. Amy Pap-my,

Mlhs achlllro, Dillon Mall: Kathy Chlehulsr. Linda Delgado, Marlorlr Ronn-
thll. Stephanie eahensul- -

Adam 3. Engle, Patrlela Diannell. Production Managers

Chlrl‘l’ypeulter........  Hryman
Typlsll: Debora Adllmann. Jeannine Dlenuuo, Burch Evelnnd, Dave Jones.
Canto Sube. Pam Slrnuber. Puttup: Chris Coleman. E. Phllllp Hoover, Judy
Lawrence, D. Darrel sun. M.D.Thomplon. Chauffeurs: Warren Hurwltl,
Fllnhml Sheridan

Fhotogrnphy principally supplied by University Photo Service, a student
roup

Chief Photographs: Erica 85110ng It" stall: Bhlrl Albert. Amy Conan. Mul-
Culllnsn. John curry, Lynn Dnlful. Clndy aalway. Adam alnrblrg. Hobart
Hanumlnn. David laud. Kenny Klrloh, Robert Luekay, Ezra MIurer. Mark
Muulavllll, Chris Orslnl. Llu Simmons, Robert Bousy, Oavld atrlak. Howard
Tynar

lnllro sonlenu anpyrlghl ill! Albany Student In" Corporation, all rights-
reurv

Tho Albany lludonl Pru- ll published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany ﬂtudsnt Pm- Corpanllon. an Independent
not-foI-ptolll carpal-lion.

Edltorlsls us which by the Edltor In Chili! with members of III! Editorial
Board: galley ll cabinet to review by the Editorial Board. Advortlrlng trolon
done not nrcerutlly reﬂect editorial polloy.

Mnlllng address:
Albany ﬂtuarnl Frau. so 329
"00 Washington Ave.

Albany, NV 1 22
(Ml) “WNW/33225560

 

 

 

 

......mn...-;r.. phi... .

 

' thought. 1}:

urm Joseph Puaoo. as»... mu, w”...  ,' v- . l v I
“I'Nice bus drivers

Mackenzie. J. Michael Maloo. Ghrlrtlne Reflelt. Pom- Bohuslennan. Rich. ‘ . To me “no...

-'seats',l wouldn't bring tho’subject up. But after seeing a :

1 room ﬁlled with angry people, UCB does not deserve the

* rightzto free se'ats,especially reserved seats. I know UCB

had to meet their expenses for the concert, so they adver-
tised outside of SUNYA (i.e. Metroland). That is ﬁne as
long as they had accomodations to seat everyone, but
they didn’t. When I bought the ticket. it was never men-

- tioned about» the possibility of standing. if it was men-

tioned. i would have never.’ purchased the ticket. i felt
,UCB didn’t deserve, my money, so i asked for a refund.

I am currently an MBA student who also spent my
undergraduate years here. Never in the past six years have

. l Witnessed any event as awful as this. i want my fellow

students to be aware of this so they won‘t be taken in like
i was. lglrope next time UCB will plan with a little more

—Bruce Domain

Support fraternities

I To The Editor:

This letter is in reply toa'h editorial in'the Tuesday
March 12 edition of the ASP. I feel that the author of this

' ' editorial fails to reeogize all the positive aspects of frater-

nity living. It is stated, with a sarcastic attitude, that all
fraternities are good for is to, cheer on the Danes. While it
is'a highly important task (that should be carried out by
all students) it is not the only 'one. Fraternities also do a
].great deal of community work, which the-author fails to
giveample justice to. Itwas the fraternities who helped

_ with the S.T.O.P. drive. Without their help I doubt it

would have been so successful. Fraternities have also been
involved with blod drives and big brother programs.
What is wrong with having “mirror images" of oneself
as hallmates? After. the first year, people choose their
own roommate and suitemates anyway. What is wrong

with choosing a whole' hall?

The editorial is an attack on the whole fraternity
system. Does the author want to do away ‘with fraternity
life altogether? Fraternities have thrived with their own
houses all over the country. They have been around since
the turn ofthe century. For them to last that long, i think
they are doing something right.

The idea of the fraternity leader assuming the role of
social organizer is ludicrous. Are the parties on the quads
that great? With the exception of airband parties, I have
heard of no great success stories. What would be the pro-
blem if you had more than just the quad board organizing
parties? ltwould break up the. monopoly they have on
flagroom and U-lounge parties. It would force everyone
all around to have better parties. Isn't it this competition
that America the great country that she is? It would be a
friendly competition with everyone to throw good parties.
All of the students would benefit from it. '

Keeping in mind the fact of all the beneﬁts. both better
parties and community service. fraternities should have
the full support of the University. If this includes giving
them housing. which it should, then so be it. is this too
much of 'a price to pay for such beneﬁts? I think not?
Hopefully, for everyone’s sake, fraternities will get the

support they need‘to thrive at SUNYA as they do at many

other major universities around the country.
‘ = L '—Marlla C. Bressler
Sigma Alpha Mu

Lately I've been reading a lot in the ASP about Bus
Service. Sure the service at SUNYA is inadequate. i agree
there are not enough buses at certain times of the day, but
I’ve been riding the buses for two years and none of the
drivers are obnoxious. Most of them are courteous and
concerned. And one of the weekend drivers named John
keeps his bus immaculate. The ASP quotes Richard

Dalton. “The bus drivers are very obnoxious and don't _

care if they leave a student stranded." I really can't im-

agine how he thinks ALL-of the drivers are a rolling

equivalent of Snidely Whiplash. These-guys and ladies are
just trying to do their jobs so why don't you get off their
backs and go after the source of the problem -- the
Administration.

NYPIRG Works

To the Editor:

Every two years SUNYA students are given a choice by
means of a democratic referendum to vote whether or not
to continue funding the New York Public interest
Research Group (NYPIRG). In the past, students have
voted overwhelmingly to fund NYPlRG and this year will
be no different. It will be no different because students
have become increasingly aware of two facts. The first is
that NYPlRG works for students and the second is that

—Paul Ryan

' NYPlRG enhances the educational experience of SUNYA

students.

NYPIRO has worked for'students in many ways. In-
stauces that come to mind include gaining students the

right to vote in their college communities, registering
record numbers of students to vote. and ﬁghting SUNY
tuition increases. This year it is working in conjunction
with SA and SASU to ﬁght the proposed federal cuts in
financial aid.

NYPlRG is also an organization that adds to the
educational experience of students. it does this by runn-
ing internship and community service programs; teaching
students skills not usually developed in the classroom,
such as public speaking and working with the_ media, and
‘by helping students develop as leaders. NYPI RG educates
students every single day, that is its purpose.

The free and open referendum process is something
NYPIRG believes in very strongly. it allows the organiza-
tion to remain accountable to the students. For the
reasons outlined above, and for many others, NYPIRG.
has earned the support of students and deserves their con-
tinued support in the future.

- ——-.lames Creeca

Iatins at WCDB

To The Hilton.

I would like to respond to comments made by Carlos
Laboy in the March 8 issue of Patrice Johnson’s column.
Mr. Laboy states that there are no Latin representatives
at the station, but he fails to add that recruitment at-
tempts were made by members of WCDB including
myself to no avail. At the later part of last semester a
number of latin students requested DJ. training, it was
granted though not the norm (training usually starts at
the beginning of the semester) and those students were
assigned a trainer. Unfortunately none of these students
even showed up for the training classes or contacted the
trainer to reschedule a training time.

Mr. Laboy also states that there was a Latin program a
couple of years ago, I've been at the station for three
years and a station member for the same length of time
and I cannot recall any such show.

Mr. Laboy also mentions that there are only a limited
number of Latin records at the station, once again he fails
to add that on different occasions members of his group,
along with myself , set times and dates in which we were to
purchase lalin records and whether he knows it or not I

~was always stood up.
. lt's unfortunate that Mr. Laboy speaks without know-
ing all the facts, it makes me doubt his credibility as a
leader.
—Miranda Alfonso
Third World Director, WCDB

Intolerant opinion

To the Editor: -

lnan editorial, on March 5, 1985, you said that “an
awarenessand tolerance of the many cultures represented
on this campus is an important outcome of both this
week. and the college experience as a whole. " In another
editorial in the same column you made a very intolerant
attack on the Roman Catholic Church. Catholicism is an
integral part of many students' cultural heritage here on
campus. Your two editorials seem to suggest that we
should “explore our diversity" as long as that dicersity
doesn't include Catholics who are against abortion. They
also seem to suggest that your “college experience as. a
whole" has taught you neither tolerance nor awareness.

Your article would not have been intolerant if you
hadn't accused local Catholic clergy of using "shyster
tricks." Are people shysters who use legal means to stop
something that they consider immoral? If you found a
“procedural technicality" that would temporarily halt
something that you considered immoral. wouldn't you
use it?

Honest discussion of issues does not represent in-
tolerance. but subjective rhetoric against personalities
and misrepresentation of their motives constitutes in-
tolerance. You may feel that this letter is more rhetoric
than discussion, but it is also a plea for you to stop your
own pettlfogging and to show a little more tolerance
toward those groups who disagree with you.

—Danlel T. Weaver

COLUMNS!

Submit column on topic of
current interest to CC 329.
Approximate length: 800
words. Name and phone
number must be included.

 

 

 

 

 

