 

 

4a Aspects

 

BULLDADA,
SLIMIES AND
' ANGEL LIPS

How a local sound studio
rides the cutting edge of
radio drama

BY DEAN BETZ

[I You know, Ruby, our model of the
universe is not a model of the real
universe, but a reflection of how the
human mind creates models of the
universe. I I

 

Novem' er 22, 1985

DRAWING ON A RARE  or...

and irreverence, a small recording studio near Albany is
breathing new life into the tired genre of radio drama.

Ruby: The Adventures of a Galactic Gumshoe —- a slick,
sexy, science fantasy series which began this fall on the
National Public Radio network, is the newest in a long line
of offbeat radio plays created by award-winning ZBS
Foundation, based in the tiny upstate New York hamlet of
Fort Miller.

"We use a whoopie cushion and play it into the
Synclavier (synthesizer), then play it. We get all these
different farts on the keyboard. l figured it's about time.
Public radio can be so . . . so serious. You know, 'Great
Works of Art,’ " says Tom Lopez. ZBS executive producer
and Ruby writer, on one of the unusual sound effects that
echoes the studio's approach.

The Ruby series, broadcast as part of NPR Playhouse
(locally at 6 pm. Wednesdays on WAMC 90.3 FM), has its
genesis in an idea to create a series of three-minute radio
dramas intended for daily commercial radio "drive time,"
when commuters listen while driving to or from work.

The original series of 65 episodes, produced three years
ago, was rejected by commercial radio because, in the words
of one ABC radio executive, it was “too hip." Ruby did find
a home, on more than 300 public radio, college and
community stations in the United States and later on the
national radio networks of Canada, Australia and New
Zealand. it was broadcast locally on WRPI 91.5 FM.

The popularity of the original series led Lopez, and
Phoenix, associate producer and collaborator, to begin
working on a sequel last winter. ’ r

The new 65 three-to-four-minute episodes, dubbed Ruby
1], were distributed to about 70 NPR stations over the
summer. Combined with the original Ruby episodes, they
form the 13 half-hour broadcasts over the 300-station NPR
network.

That project will likely be followed by a Hollywood-
produced film based on the Ruby concept. Lopez has
completed a draft screenplay that Tercel, a Los Angeles
production company, is working to sell to a major studio.

MUSIC FOR 18 MUSICIANS, a hypnotic

minimalist piece by Steve Reich, filters through the open
window of an renovated old farmhouse on the east bank of
the Hudson River. As the river passes serenely and the sun
warmly shines, Phoenix sits with her back against the trunk
of a tree, listening and waiting for a late interviewer.

I pull my car off the dirt road in front of the two houses
that serve as ZBS studio, office and living quarters. Through
the open car window passes Music for 18 Musicians, which
I’d been listening to on the drive up.

We note the odd coincidence of the obscure music, and
Phoenix points out another. "It was so interesting sitting here
on the grass and listening through the windows. Windows
are also an important part of Ruby II — they keep opening
up, as part of a parallel universe, in the minds of these
creatures called the Bulldada."

Tom had wandered off somewhere around the one-acre
wooded lot while waiting for me to show up. The two, who
for the past several years have been nearly the entire staff of
ZBS, were enjoying the warm, colorful fall day because
they'd spent the entire summer in the studio on Ruby.
Phoenix said this was probably the first day they’d spent
outdoors in months.

We find Tom priming small trees, make small talk, dig up
a blanket and find a sunny spot on the lawn.

Phoenix stretched out her long legs. She exudes a
comfortable, sensual nature that undoubtedly found its way
into the sexy sophistication of Ruby.

Ruby is a cool-headed, smooth-talking, beautiful private
eye of the list century. Among her many talents is the
ability to slow time, a skill that comes in handy when the
ISlimics, bio-genetically engineered assassins, catch up with
rer.

 

Ruby is hired by an odd character named Rodant Kapoor
(who gets angry when people call him Rodent, although he
looks like a rat). He wants to know who's trying to alter the
masses' perception of reality by manipulating the media of
his planet, Summa Nulla. The name means “the high point
of nothing."

“A heavy media coating is affecting everyone; media
events are staged initially to entertain the public but
eventually they blur the distinction between ’actual’
coverage and fabricated productions. Soon no one knows
what is 'real' and what is not,” according to 285' publicity.

Summa Nulla is a rough planet. "Ruby is a tough,
sophisticated and witty female detective. She carries a blaster
and uses it (SFX: BLAMI BLAMI)."

Tom had justfinished the screenplay, which he wrote to
replace an unsatisfactory script prepared by a screenwriter.
The film "is based very closely on the original Ruby, except
they insisted we have a plot. I laughed to myself when they
bought it, because I thought, 'Wait ’till they find out there's
no story here.’ it was done as a three-minute daily, and
there's no way you can have much of a story.

“I mean, three minutes - we spend two minutes
recapping what had happened before, and in short, it's much
easier not to have much of a story. Little did i know it
might boomerang back at me and i would have to make a
story up." _

Tom and Phoenix developed the original Ruby idea over a
series of long distance telephone calls between Fort Miller
and Los Angeles, where she worked as associate producer of
a spoken arts program on Pacifica station KPFK-FM. She
describes it as a sort of telephone romance, one that
eventually drew her to work at ZBS.

Before her radio career, 46-year-old Phoenix (who legally
dropped a first name she says she never liked) acted in
theater and film, produced shows and "happenings," and
created conceptual art.

Tom, 50, has produced and directed radio series at ZBS
since 1970. Before, he worked at commercial radio stations
in Montreal and Philadelphia, was chief soundman for Yoko
Ono‘s film production company (before she met a guy
named John Lennon, he adds) and produced radio programs
for the BBC and Canada’s CBC.

Phoenix accuses Tom of being an old hippie. They both
are products of an artistic subculture spawned partly by the
freedom of expression encouraged in the 605. ‘

    on several different

levels of understanding. NPR’s press releases describe it as a
parody of 305 detective novels and contemporary science-
fiction thrillers.

At a deeper level, it asks us to question how we look at
reality and how the electronic media profoundly manages
our perception of reality.

One example is in songs by the Android Sisters, a pop
group Ruby occasionally tunes in on the radio of her aircar.
in "Do Androids Dream of Electronic Sheep,” the sisters ask
if we allow the media to set our cultural agenda. “Do
androids dream of electronic sheep? We dream of you," they
answer.

Tom says that, unlike conventional radio drama, music
plays an active and essential role in Ruby.

"Music is such an important part of it. In most radio
drama the music is in the background. We want the music to
be hot and up front as much as possible," says Tom.

"What would be a weird sound effect in a radio drama is
a part of the whole piece in Ruby, says Phoenix.

The studio works closely with Toronto composer Tim
Clark, whose best-known piece is the music at Disney's
lil’CO'l' Center "Spaceship Earth" exhibit.

The music for the original Ruby and later Ruby II series
changed because of the vastly different technology available.
in the three year gap, digital synthesizers, like the
Synclavier, became readily available.

In addition to creating new sounds, the instruments allow
natural sounds to be stored. reprocessed and played back on
a keyboard. That's how whoopie cushion "farts" can become
“My Country Tis of Thee." a "whoopie bazooka.” or almost
anything else.

 

Aspects 5a

1/ My name is Ruby. I’m a galactic
gumshoe — agood one. This is my
story. I call it "The Big Deal.” I I

"Once you’ve established a theme or sound, you can store
it on ﬂoppy disc and call it up again. Tim was constantly
doing variations, and as it proceedes it's much like writing a
character. The character develops as you write the story, and
the music too develops in terms of the characters," says
Tom.

The voices were recorded in a New York City studio. ZBS
worked mostly with members of Mabou Mines, an
experimental theater group.

The story Tom eventually developed for the film came
from Ruby's pursuit of a mysterious media-controlling force
called the Black Star.

"We still wanted to bring in the media, because I find the
electronic media — television especially —— as something so
incredibly powerful that no one really knows what its doing
or what the potential for it to do is,” Tom says.

"i think it's creating a whole new reality. The (Lebanon
TWA ietliner hijacking in June) is an obvious example.

"We were watching'TV during the Mexican earthquake
—- we usually see so little TV. It was odd suddenly seeing
the news and the earthquake and thinking how ironic it all
is, that I'm being entertained — and it was entertaining —
by this catastrophe. '

“It has nothing to do with bad people running the media
or mind control in any way. It's just sort of an extension of
the way people have become consumers. The malls really
are an extension of the television set. There it is, all the stuff
that you see on TV. They work hand-in-hand. That
fascinates me."

Even while addressing serious issues, Ruby doesn't forget
the playfulness that marks the work of ZBS.

"A couple of my favorite episodes deal with two of the
major middle-class unspoken worries — farting and
boogers," says Phoenix.

They took me to the studio to play some of the new
Ruby episodes. Sucessfully hidden under the seat of the
studio chair Tom pointed me to was the whoopie cushion
used to replicate flatulance.

it got laughs, reminding me not to take all this too
seriously.

"We talked to (NPR) about it and assured them we didn't
slip any real ones in there. But boy, you sure can make them
sound pretty real with this thing.” Tom says, through a
relaxed high-pitched giggle.

The boogers came up in a childrens' "holovision" show in
Ruby called “The Digital Dentist." it was inspired by Tom’s
disgust after being asked to judge a bad batch of children‘s
radio scripts for a contest.

He intended to submit a radio play about boogers to the
contest under the name of a child in the neighborhood. but
missed the deadline. Instead, it became part of Ruby.

"The Boogerman comes from all those boogers that are
stuck under countertops and things like that. Through
radiation and mutation, they turn into this Boogerman. ’Pick,
pick; flick, flick,’ goes the chorus."

   plays a more

important role than mere laughs. Tom explains it with an
anectode from an early ZBS radio drama, The Fourth Tower
of lnverness, which is often rebroadcast on college stations.

After not hearing the series for several years. he came
across It while listening to WRPI one night. Not
remembering the specifics of the episode, he quickly got
involved listening to the story. Suddenly, an actor playing a
character with a peculiar accent started to crack up laughing,
a device that found its way into several episodes.

“(Another character) goes right on and says, 'Well, in
other words Dr. Mazulla, what you're trying to say . . .’ It
was like you were sitting there looking at the radio the
grimaces in mock shock and confusion) and then listen as
they went right back into the story. You were drawn right
back Into it again, which is exactly why those things were
lcf t. '

"It's sort of an old Brechtian technique. Bertoli Brecht
never liked the idea of people getting so involved that they
couldn’t think, where it numbed your brain and you were so
involved emotionally.

"He liked the idea that you could sit back. He even set

 

some plays in boxing rings, with ropes and everything, with
actors in the center. He liked the idea that people could sit
back and drink and smoke cigars and shout — in short, have
that sort of detachment from the event like watching a sport
event. You can observe it, be involved with it and yet step
out of it."

While not breaking the actors that far out of character,
Ruby induces detachment through the irreverent tone of its
dialogue, occassional lapses into alternate realities, and
quirky music. The word Bulldada arises out of that light-
hearted and mocking attitude.

Bulldada is much what the word infers. it draws the
conclusion that much artistic work draws too much from the
ego if its creator and is taken far too seriously. Therefore, it
is essentially bullshit.

Produced with the idea of Bulldada in mind, Ruby delivers
the sense of irreverent detachment Brechtian technique
provides without actually interrupting action.

Long before Phoenix came up with a name for it, Bulldada
was a governing philosophy at the studio.

"The name of the studio came when we were still doing
commercial work. If you mumbled it over the phone to a
secretary, it sounded like 'CBS’ and you could sometimes get
through to the bosses," says Tom.

Similarly, writing credit for the series goes to Meatball
Fulton, a pen name Torn originally spawned as an "air
personality" at a commercial station in Montreal. Disc
jockeys, like writers and other performers, take their created
personas too seriously, he explains.

ZBS also uses fictitious employees to help with
administrative work. Ken Zoan (for zen koan) handles radio
station relations, and Bruno "The Bonecrusher" Kowalski
sends nasty letters to people who don't pay their bills.

ZBS’s recent work was financed with grants from the New
York State Council on the Arts, the National Endowment for
the Arts and NPR’s Satellite Development Fund.

The public funding comes because of the studio's
committment to the cutting edge of new technology, from
digital recording and binaural sound to experiments in
production. "They’re not supportive of radio. They're
supporting of high techonology," says Phoenix.

Last year, NPR broadcast The Cabinet of Dr. Fritz. a
13-week series that uses binaural, or three-dimensional
sound. it allows listeners wearing stereo headphones hear
sounds appearing behind, in front, above and below them.

The series (currently being broadcast at 10 pm. Fridays on
WRPI) was recorded with a device named Fritz. made by
quality German microphone manufacturer Neumann. It
resembles a disembodied mannequin's head, except for the
finely detailed ears. Inside, Fritz duplicates the human ear
canal to the cubic centimeter. Two microphones relay the
sound to a two-channel digital tape recorder.

Although the phenomena has been experimented with
since its discovery in 1896, it has found little practical use
until recently. The Fritz series is the first American series
broadcast in binaural sound.

Tom says the medium is limited for radio use. People too
lazy to read aren‘t likely to go to the trouble to put on
headphones to listen to the radio. However, he‘s negotiating
to sell the series to book publisher Simon and Schuster to
market cassettes of some of the Fritz episodes in bookstores.
“There seems to be a great market for it. Cassettes will
probably replace books because no one reads anymore," he
says.

He hopes the cassette sales will help broaden 285‘ base of
support from public grants. The studio also markets cassettes
of radio series it has produced since the early 70:.

One Fritz episode, "Aura," won NPR's Best Radio Drama
award in 1984. Two episodes of an earlier series, The Taj
Express, won best spoken arts and best radio drama awards
from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and the
National Federation of Community Broadcasters.

ZBS has also been a stopping-over point for many
contemporary avant-guarde artists. Performance artist Laurie
Anderson, best known for her 1983 album Big Science, took
part in the studio‘s artist-in-residcnce program. Modern
composer Phillip Class worked out the score to his opera
Einstein on the Beach at ZBS. l’oel Allen Ginsberg has
recorded there, as well as a score of unknowns. Fl

 

