2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1985

NEWS BRIEFS .

Worldwide

Reagan visits Canada v

Quebec
(AP) President Reagan and Canadian
Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. following
a day in which they smoothed over acid
rain irritants and kicked up their,lrish
heels, are delving into talks on East-West
relations and nurturing their good-
neighbor policies. g I

U.S.-Soviet arms control talks, defense
issues and Mulroney’s meeting last week in
Moscow with Soviet leader Mikhail Gor-
bachev topped the agenda Monday in the
second day of Reagan's visit here.

Later. principal advisers were to join the
two leaders for a discussion on trade, the
upcoming Bonn economic summit and
other bilateral issues.

The two leaders share “solid agree-
ment" on nearly all those subjects, and
Reagan was keen on hearing Mulroney‘s
assessment of the new Soviet leader, accor-
ding to White House spokesman Larry
Spe

Israel denies role

New York
(AP) lsraeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres
denied his country has anything to do with
uprisings by Lebanese Christians against
the government of President Amin
Gemayel. and said the lsraeli withdrawal
from Lebanon should be completed in “a
matter of weeks."

“We are on our way out not only from
the land of Lebanon but from the politics
of Lebanon." he said on the CBS-TV pro-
gram “Face the Nation," broadcast
Sunday. '

“The real problem is of an operational
nature —— namely, how long will it take our
Army to withdraw from Lebanon in an
orderly manner. 1 think it is a matter of
weeks. no more." he said.

Peres expressed astonishment at attacks
by Shiite Moslems, saying “Strangely
enough, they don‘t fight the occupiers
(Syrians) but they fight the people who are
trying to return their freedom to them.”

iraq warns airlines

Baghdad, Iraq

(AP) lraq has announced it will shoot

down any aircraft that fly into lranian
airspace starting Tuesday.

lran. meanwhile, claimed it had fired a

missile into the Iraqi capital Baghdad

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

which

 

 

Monday in retaliation for the latest lraqi
missile attacks on lran’s border cities.
There was no confirmation of the attack
from Baghdad.

Both sides claimed victory Monday in
Iran's offensive to cut the Baghdad-Basra
highway in southern lraq. and both were
reported to have raided ships in the Per-
sian Gulf on Sunday. ' .

 

flows

Trade deficit grows

Washington, DC
(AP) The broadest measure of U.S.
foreign trade plunged to a record deficit of
$101.6 billion last year, more than double
the deficit suffered in 1983. the govern-
ment reported Monday.

 

The trade hemorrhage has been so‘
severe it is almost certain that sometime
early this year the United States became a
net debtor country for the ﬁrst time in 71
years, government analysts said. The last
time the United States was a net debtor
was in 1914. when Americans owed $3.7
billion more to foreigners than was owed
to them.

The figures released by the Commerce
Department Monday revealed that
Americans' net investments overseas had
dwindled to $32 billion by the end of the
year. down from $104 billion when 1984
started. Analysts said this cushion has
almost certainly been wiped out by now,
although conﬁrmation will not come for
three months.

The information on net bebt is contain-
ed in the current account balance ——- the
broadest measure of U.S. foreign trade.
The current account measures not only

trade in merchandise but trade in services. .

primarily investment ﬁows between the
United States and other countries.

 

"STOP! Don’t shoot!"

DAVE IBMCB UPS

 

Senate MX vote nears

Washington, 'DC '

(AP) A divided Senate is nearinga decision
on continued spending for the MX missile,
with President Reagan telling undecided

senators a vote against the weapon will .

undercut U.S. negotiators at arms control
talks with the Soviet Union.

With the first of two Senate votes on the
issue set for Tuesday, a survey by The
Associated Press of all 100 senators shows
a 42-42 split. Resolution of the issue rests
in the hands of 16 undecided senators,
most of whom are moderate Republicans
and Democrats.

Another toss-up is shown in the vote
count of assistant Democratic leader Alan
Cranston of California, who said he found
a 46-46 tie with just eight senators still

undecided.

Statewide

Attica riot averted

Attica, N 1'

(AP) Inmates helped avert a potentially

serious situation at Attica state prison ever

the weekend by assisting three guards who

had been attacked by a prisoner, according
to a prison spokesman.

An unidentified C-block inmate lunged

. , at a guard with a homemade knife at about

8:00 pm. Saturday night and then” beat
thrte guards with one of their own
nightsticks, state Department ,of Correc-
tional Services spokesman Jim Flateau
said Sunday. ,

Another inmate began to assist one o
the guards and others grabbed the prisoner
who started the incident and ‘moved-eut to

a small secure yard.- said Plateau. . ~ - l l '

Town gain-s $1mlllion

Livonia, NY
(AP) The mayor and trustees of this
Upstate community of 500 people have a
problem iwth village reveunes: there’s too
much efit and they’re looking for ways to
spend it.
~Marian Stewart Bowen, a native and
lifelong resident, died in June and left the
village more than $1 million in a trust fund
— no strings attached. ' "'
Town trustee Robert Enright said no
one in the village knew about the legacy
before Mrs. Bowen's death. “It came as a

total shock. We had no indication she had ‘

that kind of interest and affection for the
village,” Enright said.

 

is sponsoring the

pm. on Abba House. For more

the Rathskellar every Wednes-

Lankowskl on Wednesday.

By Patrick J. Paul

Food budgets. heating, and the Grouper
Law were among a long list of topics
discussed at last Thursday’s Off-Capmus
Workshop aimed at answering students
questions about the move off campus.

The workshop, which was conducted by
Director of the Off Campus Housing 0f-
fice Karleen Karlson and Off Campus
Association member Rob Fishkin, was the
culmination of Off Campus Awareness
week.

A primary concern of th the workshop
was the Grouper Law, which according to
Karlson, “Will impact about 400 students
and have a genuine impact on rents."

This law forbids more than three
unrelated persons living in the same dwell-
ing. Only students who are above the three
person limit will be evicted, said Karlson, a
scenario she said she feels will “poison
friendships."

Students at the meeting posed many
questions as to how the city would be able
to identify students living in violatienof
the law. Karlson responded, “The city has
a wide variety of means which they will
begin implementing this spring." Some of
these include asking neighbors about the
number of students living in the apartment
and asking also about the number of cars.

Fishkin added that another method
which will be used is a list of houses which
are likely to be in violation, which is held
by Director of the Albany Bureau of Code

 

“Relations between_

off-campus students I

and SUNY are rapidly

improving. ’ ’ _

—Rob Fishkin

TUESDAY; MARCH 19, 1985 El ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 3

Off campusconcerns addressed atworkshop

LYNN DIEIFUB UPS

 

Enforcement. Mike Alvaro. According to
Fishkin, a number of certiﬁcates of 0c-
cupation (C.O.’s) which state that an
apartment is suitable for residence were
issued by the city within the last 10 years.
Therefore, he said, the city is aware of
apartment sizes and prime possibilities for
violation.

Although Fishkin said that C.O.’s were
good in that they established suitable con-
ditions, he did not recommend them to
students planning to live in violation of the
grouper law, since this would be “inviting
trouble." 1

Other considerations for moving off
campus were also addressed. One of these
was economic feasibility. Karlson said,
“There are still some humane landlords
out there who will charge you between
$160-$180 including utilities. which iscom-
parable to on campus costs." She added.
"Food costs will average around $80 a
month, including an occasional night out
but not including beer.” Karlson suggested
that students should look around and com-
pare rents.

Fishkin said he felt that budgeting was
important and emphasized the importance

of cash ﬂow — which is especially con-
tingent upon the arrival of various forms
of Financial Aid, he said.

One suggestion offered by both Karlson
ind Fishkin was the Commuter lunch
)lan, which costs $135 a semester and per-
mits a student to eat up to $2.25 worth of
food in the Campus Center or unlimited
food in each of the ﬁve quad cafeterias
ﬁve days a week.

In looking for an apartment. Fishkin
said he felt that the level of maturity of
housemates. was a vital factor. Other fac-
tors to consider are whether an apartment
was furnished or unfurnished, insulation.
water pressure, utilities. cleanliness, hazar-
dous ﬁre conditions and proximity to the
bus line.

Karlson said that a major source of pro-
blems concerned heating and advised that
it should be discussed before renting and
while choosing apartment mates: She add-
ed that her ofﬁce was available to answer
any further questions and for "any kind of
assistance.’ '

Fishkin ended the workshop by talking
about O.C.A., a group he said was “6.000
strong” and offers numerous services to
students living off campus. He said that
Off Campus Awareness week was a “huge
success” and hopes it will become an an-
nual event. Fishkin asserted “relations bet-
ween off-campus students and SUNY are
rapidly improving. "

free listings

Pi Sigma Alpha. the Political
Science National Honor
Society. invites juniors and
seniors to an interest meeting
on Wednesday. March 20 at
8:30 pm. For more informa-
tion call the Political Science
OIIlce at 455-4787.

Health Pretession Students a
representative Irom Tonto Col-
lege Center for Biomedical
Education will be on campus
Monday. March 25. Those in-
terested in attending must
contact Roz Burrlck in CUE.
Chinese Culture Week will be
celebrated at HPI irom March
25 - March 30. Schedule of
events can be obtained from
RPI's Chinese American Stu-
dent Associatlon (CASA),

celebrations.

Gloria Anzaldlra. editor of
“This Bridge Called My Back,”
an anthology by and about
women of color. will speak on
her "personal and cultural
history" on Tuesday. March
26, at 7:30 pm. In L06.
Albany Medieval Militia will
hold Fratlcldal Medieval
sword lighting practice every
Friday this semester In the
Brubacher game room from
3-6 p.m. No experience
needed.

Wild In the Streets wlth
Shelley Winters and Hal
Holbrook will be shown at 2
and 7:30 pm. on Tuesday.
March 19 at the Albany Public
Library Main Branch. Admis-
sion is tree.

Pox Christi will hold a meeting
on Tuesday, March 19 at 7:30

information call Chapel House
at 489-8573.

Democratic Socialists at
America presents a lecture by
Martin Sanchez on U.S..In-
terventlonlsm In Chile on
Wednesday. March 20 at 7:30
pm. in HU27.

Mary Jo Baln. Executive Depu~
ty Director of the NYS Depart-
ment of Social Services, will
lecture on the “Femlnlzatlon
of Poverty" on Wednesday,
March 20 at 7:30 pm. at
Russell Sage College.
Statistics Colloquium will be
presented by H. Friedman,
l.B.M., on Wednesday, March
20 at 4:15 pm. For more Inter-
matlon contact the Depart-
ment 01 Mathematics and
Statistics.

“Real George's Backroom"
television show can be seen in

day night at 7 pm.
Abortion Irom a Pro~Cholce
Perspective will be discussed
by SUNYA prolessor Bonnie
Steinbeck, Family Planning
Advocate Carol Relckert, and
Maureen O'Brien on Tuesday.
March 19 in 85134 at 7:30 pm.
Laura X, Executive Director 01
the National Clearing House
on Marital Rape, will discuss
issues and laws concerning
marital and date rape on
Wednesday. March 20 at 2:30
pm. in L023.
Money and the Ethics 01
Jewish Business will be
discussed on Tuesday, March
19 at 9 pm. in 00373.
SUNYA German Club will
sponsor a lecture on “The
Greens Germany and the
Volatile Political Situation" by
UNYA Professor 0.

March 20 at 6 pm. in HU354.
Clrcl K Club will hold a
meeting on Tuesday, March 19
at 7 pm. in HU108. Upcoming
projects and social events will
be discussed.

Tom L. Freudenhelm Director
01 the Worcester Art Museum,
will lecture with slides on
“Jewish Art" on Tuesday.
March 19 at 9:45 a.m. In
HU137.

Class 01 1988 will hold a
meeting on Thursday, March
21 at 7 pm. in the Fireside
Lounge.

Drop Deadline for full-
semester courses is Tuesday.
March 19. .
"Understanding Jewish
Prayer" will be discussed by
Rabbi Chanowitz on Wednes-
daY. March 20 at 7:15 pm. In
00320.

 

Computer printout recycling option unsuccessful

By Flick Swanson
STAFF WRITER

Students in Computer Science courses are taught how,

to save time by making efﬁcient programs. but are not
taught how to save waste by recycling their old printout.

“There. is :definitely a lot of waste." said Audrey
Fischer, a computer'consultant working'ln LC 4. “There
is a box in the front for recycling printouts but I don’t
think any, students put their printout in there."

According 'toRay Cece in the User Services Depart-
ment of the Computing Center, “We recycle old prin-
touts by using the backsidcs in the printing terminals."

“But due to the nature of security," added Coco, “We
don’t recycle everything."

When asked about students recycling their printouts.
Coco said. “There are boxes to collect papers from
students at the dispatch window and in the user rooms.“

At the dispatch window there is a pile of printout, but
no sign stating that the pile of printout is intended for
recycling.

in the user room in the computing center there is no
box intended for collecting old printout.

“There is no box here that i know of.” said Marly
Liem, acomputer consultant on duty in the user room in
the Computing Center.

Liem looked around the room to conﬁrm it and
repeated, “Nope, no box here."

According to _Coco, some printout does get recycled.
“After both sides of the printout is used." said Coco,

- “The paper islgiven to the janitorial staff.“
"We label the boxes ‘recycle,’ so i assume they recycle

them," said Coco. I v

Chief Janitor Bernie Kelsch said. “The compter boxes
are picked up and stored in the basement of the Business
building." i .

“When there is sufﬁcient quantity,” added Kelsch,
“We call the Pen of Albany and they recycle it."

The Port of [Albany is contracted by the state to recycle
paper from SUNYA. No one at the Port of Albany could
discuss the, contract however. because it is a private
document. $3». '

Coco said of the students. "We can’t do anything

about it. encethe students take the printout home.”

Sephomorefﬁ Doug Siamon. majoring in Computer
Science. said, “Oh yeah. ldefinitely waste a lot of paper,
I’ll admit that." .

“When 1 mix a couple of printouts just to work on it to
get the bugs out.” said Siamen. “1 bring it home and
throw it out."

The SUNYA chapter of NYPIRG started a newspaper

recycling program during the 1980-81 school year accor-
ding to former NYPIRG chair Alicia Schwartz, who is
new a legislative aid.

“The venture never materialized into a full-scale recycl-

ing proje'ctﬂsaid Schwartz, adding “we had signiﬁcant

trouble, at large part in picking up the papers."

“We applied to get bins" for collecting the newspaper.
said Schwartz. “But we got them late in the semester" in
1981.

"Any business needs time to build up. maintained
Schwartz. “We just didn't have that time — it was too
late in the school year to get going."

NYPIRG's newspaper recycling project was discon-
tinued after the 1982-83 school year. due to excessive ex—
penditures. Schwartz said the high cost of transporting
the paper to the Port of Albany, where it would be recycl-
ed, was the reason for the discontinuing of the project.

.iunler Adam Gershon. a TA in the Computer Science
Department, said “i don't think the Administration is
concerned with recycling the printout-s.”

When asked if he knew about the pile of printout to be
recycled at the Dispatch window. Gershon said. “I
thought that was for scrap paper."

Gershon added. “if there was a box in the user room. 1
would use it to recycle my printouts." 17]

Active student support sought by Greenpeace

By Doreen Clark
swr warm:

Greenpeace international representative Mark Osten
spent last week tabling in the Campus Center trying to
spark interest in a SUNYA chapter. in addition to selling

many T-shirts and lots of buttons and bumperstickers. he .
, also collected over 70 names of people interested in work-

ing in a University chater.

‘ AC i ,

“The Greenpeace ethic is to take direct. non-violent ac-
tion to prevent atrocities against life." states a
Greenpeace New England newsletter. Established in 1971,
the group has bases in ﬁfteen countries.

Currently. Greenpeace wants to get college students
more involved with its cause. it has already enlisted the
help of Cornell University, University of New Hamp-
shire and Universit of lndiana at Penns lvania among

W

 

 

 

others and would like to start a branch at SUNY Albany.
said Osten.

Universities being considered in the future include
Syracuse, SUNY Binghamtom and Unversity ef Ver-
mont. Greenpeace hopes to incorporate as many univer-
sities in the Northeastern area as possible. he added.

Greenpeace will be holding an informational meeting in
late April.,Osten said. adding that the details will be an-
nounced on posters put up around campus. if there is suf-
ficient interest. Osten said. he hopes to be working on
campus next fall.

While Greenpeace‘s strategy in dealing with en-
vironmental issues has three parts — Direct Action,
Education. and l’undraising —~ only Education and Fun-
draising will be carried out on campuses. Osten said.

Education. he explained. includes research on such
areas as toxic dump sites or acid rain. as well as films and
infornialtonni pamphlets to make the public aware of
issues. [Education also includes lobbying.

Greenpeace receives a major part of its financial hack-
ing from its merchandise sales. Osten said thousands of
dollars have been raised at tables at ltlnlcn, much like the
one Osten had set up at SUNYA.

Direct Action, Osten said. involves slightly nunc
dangeroUs tactics. Greenpeace Vollllllt‘clh try to now
violently slop actions harming the environment. ’l‘hcy tlyc

r 7»

 

