Afrocentric
ideas

’Many African and Afro-American
studies students found themselves without
an instructor last week. When they arrived
at their classes they were told that their
professor, Vivian Gordon, who was also
chair of the department, had resigned and
that the remainder of the course would be
taught by guest lecturers.

At the time, the university offered them
no further explanation.

Gordon had only been chair of the
African and Afro american studies
department for a very short period of
time. Since arriving last September she’d
done a lot~to improve the department’s
reputation and respectibilty around cam-
pus. She’d made the department more
visible, offered interesting new courses,
and introduced mere of what she’s
described as “academic rigor” into the
classes. In addition, most students have
nothing but praise for her teaching and
lecturing abilities.

So, when Gordon disappeared last
week, students had a lot of questions.
University officials remained vague on the
whole situation, leaving Gordon’s status
and brief career at SUNYA open to much
speculation.

 

. Now, after Gordon has been subjected
‘ ’- to a lot of humiliating public scrutiny,
' University President Vincent O’Leary has
scheduled a meeting with Gordon, for this
Wednesday. She is definitely finished as a
department chair, but right now she’s still
a full professor here. Unfortunately, the
University has handled this so poorly that
she may not stay. The mystery surrouding
the’situation has made it look worse than
it probably is. For her to stay at this point
could be awkward. If she leaves, it would
an unfortunate loss for the entire campus
community.

Several students and faculty members
say that some of the problems Gordon
faced, stemmed from her leadership style.
in short, she was a bit of a dictator. She
tried to make a lot of changes very quick-
ly. In the process, she stepped on a lot of
toes.

But couldn’t this have been resolved
within the dapartment? Couldn't the
university have been more open about the
situation, saving Gordon the embarrass-
ment that is often the result of uninform-
ed public speculation and gossip?

Unless there’s more to it. Gordon was
an outspoken afro-centric speaker, while
most of the professors in this University
teach from a Eurocentric perspective. in a
University where marxism usually isn’t
taught by marxists, and socialism isn’t
taught by socialists, the administration
isn’t likely to want afro-american studies
taught by someone teaching afro-centric
ideas.

 

 

 

 

 

 .. .w:»M.im.5.“M.n,....-,_, .vg.-,r;w¢,..,..9n..s_n.m.,,,;,...;w,.,u,,,, ....,.....

, on no More 'r‘eamo us we Al’evsl
° continue, on ruse. 39. mt sullen"?

 

 

 
 
  

thrills ll  .
tantrum ' 

College Press Servtce

  

Roanokemli at tile
m\ll$\tl%= Re» 0“! '

    

      

 

COLUMN '

 

The New Deal is Old hat * _. .

Has the era of the New Deal seen its last chapter? Many
die-hard Democrats refuse to believe this, so the
Republicans snicker in the shadows watching Roosevel-
lian ideas crumble under the pressures of our contem—
porary political arena. in part, this collapse can be at-
lribllted to an old and worn out system of effectively deal-
ing with the problems of a government as enormous and
sophisticated as ours. Although the final blow, to what
seemed an ageless interpretation of our COnstitutiuon,
has been dealt by President Ronald Reagan and his con-
servative Republican ideology.

Bill King

A prime example is our chief executive's veto of a re~
cent bill which passed both the House and the Senate. The
proposed legislation, which intended to refinance
farmers‘ debts by pouring billions of dollars of aid into
the pockets in the form of “loans,” was struck down by
the President almost immediately. Such a stringent action
reaffirms the downfall of the New Deal Era when bigger
government was considered the solution.

Today. agriculture, like any other big business, must
come to grips with Reagan's attitude towards govern-
ment, mandated by his historic re-election.

What our founding fathers strove for was to build a
thriving economic and pollicul world power out of a land
whose vast natural resources could easily be exploited.
These ingenious men relied heavily on what our country
had that other nation-states lacked. Such a philosophy
allowed men and women with vision to enter the capitalist
market in an attempt to control the reins of the system.

 

 

Yet the Great Depression abruptly put a halt to many of .

these American dreams.

Thinking and acting quickly Franklin D. Roosevelt in-
jected capitalism with a large dose of government in-
terference. Ever since, the Feds are into everything in a
system which prides itself in its “privafe” priviledges.
From banking to farming to communication and more,
our government monitors, keeps track of, files and
refiles, stores away and correlates information in all theso
areas. What we call red tape results in the purchase of
$600 toilet seats. Now, President Reagan decides ‘to
eliminate some of these filing cabinets in order to spend
less, become less involved in business and make govern-
ment more efficient. i suppose it's an attempt to let af-
fairs take care of themselves — noninterfcrence. By no
means is government bailing otlt of its responsibility to
the people. Rather it's trimming off sclne of the fat.

dieting, all in an effort to have big business standgon its
own two feet without need of governmental‘ba'n'daids
everytime it gets a scratch because of an unwise practice
or risky transaction. Yet for some reason corporate
agricult'ilrists, who have developed our farmland intoga
multibillion dollar industry, seem to think they are ex-
cluded from our President’s cutbacks. Well farmers,
think again. ~ g

' if this bill had become law it would have added 8.95
billiondollars to an already ballooning federal deficit in.
the form of interest subsidies, loan guaranteesan'd im-
mediate advances. According to the President there is
already, “650 million dollars in guarantees for refinanc-
ing‘up to 90 percent of the restructed commercialloans
provided-the private sector lender writes off l0 percent of
the principle or interest on the loan.” How can the
government effectively come to grips with its fiscal pro-

blems ifit delves out billions to every big business interest .

barking, for lnore aid?

There is no aspect of the economy immune to govern-
ment cutback. As students we are aware of this just as
farmers, Steelworkers. coal miners, business persons and
many other people in various occupations must be. The
strength of the dollar combined with low interest rates
will maintain economic growth and provide incentives for
investments while federal spending can be cut in all areas
of the economy. V

The N. Y. Times argues. “in the last two years farm
prices have declined by 22 percent across the nation, and
by 50 percent in some counties. interest rates,‘»fueled by
high Federal budget deficits, have remained high. And
crop prices, undermined by‘overproduction and declining
exports, have stayed low.” Reaganomics is not blind to
fiscal difficulties of big business (case in point. Chrysler

Corp). Under the President’s plan 4.5 billion dollars in .

credit will be available to farmers. 15 billion dollars will
be used to support farm commodity prices. in the last
three years 50 billion dollars has been directed at the
agricultural industry. We can’t afford to “fuel” the
federal deficit by increasing aid to farmers already receiv-
ing billions in government benefits.

Rcaganomics may not be an end all in dealing with the
problems facing the federal government, but it has af-
fected our economy positively over the last four years. As
the Democrats in Washington spend their time mocking

' ceremonies, Republicans lnust be elated at the Conser-

vative tide which, through Reagan’s historical re-election
has swept the nation. What we all must come to grips with
is evident ——' Tltc New Deal is Old Hat.

 

The ASP wishes to thank Ed Reines for more than two years
on the Editorial Board, and congratulate him on having

finally escaped.

 

 

 

"“'A'7-Ipt~"‘ll.*n"" ,, u. . ,-- .

 

 

_ m ..._._.__—._._m__,._.,m\‘ . A.

 

  _  ' eta '

I ‘ - Deon cm, John Kuhlil. Mon-ulna Edllora

 

 

,LTR
Enormous task

To the Editor: I . ~' -
' While the bus system at SUNYA is‘not perfect, it is not

quite as bad as indicated in a recent article in the ASP. in ,

fact. considering the volume of students that are serviced
each day, it is rather good.

The article in the ASP made a number of generalities
concerning the service of the system that do not hold true
universally. As a daily rider of the green machines l ﬁnd
only a few of the drivers to be snotty or obnoxious. This
article gave the impression that most of the drivers have
these attributes. The realtruth is that the vast majority
exhibit a_;kin'd of quiet-professionalism; and you could
term some as being ‘evensfriendly: One such‘ friendly

driver, an approaching Administration Circle on his mor-_ ,

ning run, greets students by reciting: “Morning little
rascals, it’s time for school..vHave a good day and be
well." ._ a ' - -
lt'sfnowonder that on occasion a driver may appear
slightly miffed, considering the pressures of trying to re-
main onschedule, while driving a bus that is usually over
capacity. These drivers push the limits to make sure that
every possible person gets aboard, in already crowded
conditionanontrary to popular opinion, the drivers do
wait for people that are running for the bus. When they
do leave someone behind it is usually because he/she has
waited five minutes after the scheduled departure time for
stragglers, and that person is three hundred feet away and

walking at a leisurely pace. if they waited for every last ‘

person then the buses would not adhere to their schedule,
and people would complain about buses always running
late. By the way, the buses are usually on time (or show
up within a reasonable period).

As for the buses not being mechanically sound, there is
only one bus that l have ridden that does not appear to be
ﬁt for operation (it screeches when the brakes are ap-
plied). Other than that they perform quite well.

Even the ticket system was cited in the article as not be-

 

. Eltlbilohod In 1918
Heidi Jo Guild, Editor in Gil/oi

Imm- O'Sulllvln

 
 
  

 

Tom Kleondu. Bin-Young
.......... .,Lemn Ginsberg
I-n Spelling
mum Bum
mm Bonn."
Edi "" " sonar
lsﬁlno Mm

.. u e.

Jerry Cunpiono. M LLLIIIlin. Senior Editor:

Contributing Edito- Jnuph Fuloo. Michelle Kmll. leno Poemboorn.
Judy Tomi Muriel Aunt-nu: Michelle Bustier, Cathy Errlg. llono Walnu-
toln, Murillo: Barbara Abl‘lhomar, Donna Altman. Rlehel Bmlow. Leslie
Chill, Johanna Clonoy, Doreen Clerk, Jacquie Clark, ion Clements. Chanel
Coon, Kc'n bomb-um. Belle Dlunbo. Both Flnnoron. Ronald Brant Gcnton.
Bob "union, Eric Hindon, Lino Jukol. Maddl Kun. Donna Manitoulin. Joli
Moll-bur. J. Michael Mlloo. Christine Rolioll, Pun Schubtarmln, Rich
Sheridan. Michal SltoInlck, Dlvld Wortholm. Spectrum Editor: Brando
Sell-mt Butt Artist: Gory Palmer

CM. lbw. Business MW! _
Lynn senile. Auoclolo Business Murmur
loin Kolml, ltondo Wall, Advnrtialna Managers
lllilo KW. Sales Manager

Jllll - ' “gr-h- ﬂnIlI"
' ' Pore-a

 

» - » ' K...“ om.
Amino - Kenn Amotor, Don Fiolohor, More Mobcnnsn. Riot: utt.
Judy 70rd,.” Production: uu atom", Donlu Culrono. Toma
Glendon. Ell-on Kalb-null. lilac McDonnell. Jacki Mldlmky. Amy Pap-my.
Mllto Schillm, Oﬂioo Molt: Kathy Chlahoutor. Linda Delgado. Marjorie Roun-
lhol. Sllphlnlo Bollme ,

Adorn 3. Inch. Pumi- munch, Production-Monsanto

otllci Typo-otter    Heym
Typiuto: Debor- Adllnllnrl. Jeannine Dionuuo, Baron Evolond. Doro Jones.
Curio but». Pun air-abet. new Chrll Col-mun, E. Phillip Hoover, Judy
Lawrence. 0. barrel But. M.D.Thornplon, chmttourl: w-mn Hurwlu,
Richard shone-n .

Photography primlpoily supplied by Urumolty Photo Service, I student

Chief Wt: Erlol 5pm U" Ill": shod AlbIrt. Arny Gotten, Muri-
culllnln. John Curry, Lynn Drcliuu. Cindy Oliwly, Adam Ginsberg, Robert
Harlem-nu. Dovlo lcm,_l(onny Kirsch, Robert Luckily. Em Mllﬂll, Mull
Madlnvlllc. cnn. Orllnl. Lin Simmons. nob-n saucy, David Strict, Now-m

Entire oonlonto oopyright Jill Albany lludonl Pru- Corpoutlon. oil-rights
"wood.

The Album aludonl Prou lo publilhod Tuaedoyl and Friday. between
August and Juno by the Albany Student Press Corporation. In Independent
not-iar-proill oorporoilcn. -

' Editorllll or. written by the Editor in Chlll with members of the Editorial
Baud; policy is subject to review by the Edllorlnl ﬂow. Advertising policy
don not necessarily rpllsel «than» policy.

' Malling adorns:

Albany Bludﬂll Pun. CO 329
«on thinaton Ave.
Albany. NV mu

(m) to,”

 

 

 

 

at man.- “remnants-4'

c .«w .e._

ing legitimate. But any person living downtown should
have made provisions to have spare tickels on hand at the

beginning of the semester. even if they don’t take the r

buses regularly. if they haven't hadthe foresight to pro-
cure tickets‘in advance, than there is always the CDTA or
a taxi. it is very unlikely lhat they will ever again come up
shorthanded when it comes to bus tickets. after using
other modes of transportation that are more expensive
and less convenient. r
Considering the enormous lask of transporting hun-
dreds of students safely and efficiently on a daily basis.
thcvbus system is well worth the scmestcrly charge of ten

, dollars.

—I(evln Flnai

Thanks _ to all

To the Editor:

This letter is addressed to all of those individuals who
supported The Albany State Hockey Team: Student
Association, the.A5P. fans,, and especially the players
themselves.

First of all thanks should be given to Paul Essner and
Drew Rubin who without their long countless hours of
painstakingly scheduling games and practices, this season
would have not been possible. Along with Paul and
Drew. Co-captains, Rich Diem and Larry Hartman
should also be congratulated for their fine job. With their
never say die attitude, they were the source of many
positive inﬂuences on the team, on and off the ice. i could
go on forever praising individual players and the effects
they‘ve had on the team but for lack ofspace and the risk
of being repetitious, l wen’t. Instead lam going to thank
all the members of the team. ' _

As any coach will tell you, one of the basic objectives
of coaching is to try and instill the premise of team play
instead of individual play. in my 5 years of coaching
hockey. l have coached better players but not better
teams. This Albany State Hockey Team has certainly
earned my repsect and i would personally like lo‘lhank all
the players for allowing me to be a parl of their organiza-
tion. Looking forward to your continued support next
year.

—~Bruce Pomakoy
Albany Stale Hockey Coach

Excellent care
To the Editor:

This letter is in reference to the article in Friday, March
iSth‘s ASP on the service of SUNYA’s illfirmary. l was
not aware of any survey going around. but i wish i‘had.

Yes, i too used to be one of the many who complained
about SUNYA's Student Health Service. We gotten my
share of long waits and sometimes, what i feel, was im-
competent service. But after having spent this past week
in the in-patienl clinic, my feelings have changed.

Considering tile budget cuts the Health Service has
been dealt, i think the infirmary is pretty good. Doctor‘s
hours are limited, waits are long, but the medication is a
good deal cheaper as well as any medical tests done.
Perhaps we should look into increasing the budget of
SUNYA's Health Service. increased doctoi‘s hours might
bring about more personal attention towards the
students. ‘

SUNYA also has the largest in—patietn clinic in the
SUNY system. The care i received was excellent. The
nurses were so nice, and i got the quiet and relief i need-
ed. 1 can honestly say that each and every person working
there did their best to relieve any discomfort and stress i
felt. l was ultimately impressed.

i think we 'all need to be patient when going to the infir-
mary, and also be a little more assertive. if students don't
feel that doctors are very informative. then they are not

asking enough questions. i think by now we should be.

responsible enough-to take a detailed interest in our own
health.
—Clal'e F. Kiely

Voices heard

To the Editor:

The sentence, “This April a very important referendum
will be voted on here at SUNYA," is the first line of a let-
ter in the March 12th issue of tile ASP. 1 agree
wholeheartedly that this is an important vote that gives
students a voice ill how our student government should
spend our money. NYPIRG's referendum, which comes
up every two years at SUNYA, has allowed students in
the past to vote overwhelmingly for their mandatory
funding.

Mr. Ruckcr's statement that student awareness is,rising
was shown to be true in the same edition of the ASP with
255 letters being written from Colonial Quad tol’resident
Reagan about Aid Cuts. There is no rationale supporting
the idea that student awareness is pulling NYPlRG on
the defensive. NYPlRG is an organization which allows
students to become involved in a variety of issues.

Craig Rucker's use of the words “force” and “coer-

t

cive" contradicts with the idea that the referendum vote is
occuring. in .voting in the referendum, students can
become democratically involved. This is America, where
the opportunity to vote is cherished by our people.
NYPIRG has established itself through the use of this
referendum as a democratically funded organization.
With the vote coming up students will again have their
voices heard?
«Walt Simmons

Schedule problems

To the Editor: .

i have never understood the registration system at this
university but my experience with the Communications
department has made me quite angry. Presently I am a
sophomore and will be an official junior in the Fall of
l985 and went for Preregistration Advisement. The rigid
requirements for this major include 4 300 level courses
and 2 200 level classes which are 265 and 270. When i
reviewed the selection of courses i was quite upset but
chose one that i found to my liking and decided to take
the two 200 level courses for the next semester. Well i
was all set before entering the Office of Communications
and was informed that all but 3 of the 300 level classes
were already closed and lhat only one of the remaining
might remain open by the time i was able to register. Also
i encountered the problem of the other 2 classes havin
high probability of being closed before i went to
preregister. So as my advisor informed me i was goin
have to “cross my ﬁngers" that i would get the 2 200 lev
required courses that i needed 1 got very annoyed. Why

a with such a large enrollment into the Communications

Department are there so few professors and so few
classes? i realize that juniors and seniors have priority but
if there are not classes remaining after they register what
are the freshmen and sophomores to do if they choose
Communications as their major? My advisor suggested i
take courses for my minor which is Business but i replied
that i had only two classes left and that those two are of-
fered to juniors and seniors and majors ﬁrst. What are we
left to take? Why aren't more courses offered so lllat we
can complete the requirements without going on the
“5-Year Plan"? l and many other students in their
freshmen alld sophomore years chose Communications as
a lnajor, we didn’t get rejected from another department,
that is the major we wanted and I do not see why it is so
difficult and nearly impossible to satisfy the reqllirclllcnts
at a gradual pace. Due to this system we will have to take
all the requirements in 2-3 semesters wilh the rest of our
upper level minor courses and general education classes. i
hope the department of Communications will improve
their “advisement” system and notices these problems
and plans to recitfy the situation for Prc-prercgislration
for the Spring of I986.

w—Risa Sonenshine

[Exploring the self

To the Editor:

From my vantage point'as a member of the Chapel
'House Staff and Adviser to JSC-Hillel, it has been with
mixed emotions that l have monitored the resurfacing of
Krishna Consciousness on our campus. While i am
heartened by the emergence of spiritually sensilive and
searching students, I am saddened by those of Jewish
birth who, in their quest for real meaning and life's inner
beauties, have opted for alien spiritual paths wilhout ex-
ploring the spiritual wealth in their own Jewish
background.

Perhaps it is not their fault that they have never tasted
the inner depths of Judaism. if only they could know
Shabbos as IImochin dc‘gadlus" (a high state of con-
sciousness). pray in a synagogue where the ancient
prayers are filled with new tears and every melody is a
song of the soul. if only they could meet our holy Rabbis
and teachers, compassionate and giving individuals, ap-
preciative of the process of the soul. teachers of the Torah
of love and peace and G-dliness for all creation.

There are those whose Judaism is a practice of do's and
don'ts, bagels and lox and gefilte fish, and they may be
satisfied with synagogues without soul and Rabbis
without depth. But to the spiritually seeking Jews of our
generation longing for a perosnal connection with a G-d
lhat feels the pain of their soul and hears lllc prayer of
their heart. litank On that others before you. and even
today, are (re)discovering within Jewish tradition,
meditative praryer-chants with mantra-like sounds, the
spiritual necessity of physical well-being, and that even
the mOst trivial Jewish ritual action is an opening to G-d’s
most inllcr chambers. Firmly rooted in spirit, Judaism is
the Divine Revelation that began at Sillai and continues
today its-every happening and every friend form connec-
tive bonds tllal link ourselves and our world with G-d.

The Jewish gates of holiness are never locked, but it is
up to you to come inside. i welcome your inquiries to
come and learn. lo share and grow as you begin the pro-
cess of the exploration of your. Jewish self.

-——Juy Kellmun
Chapel House

 

