 

4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS D FRIDAY, MARCH 22, I985

 

 

 
 

CAROL, FORMERLY' C
or NATURAL MOTION.

  

University Auxiliary SerVice’s’ 

 

   

Passover tickets on sale “p
. at Campus Center Lobby
March 2021.22.25.26271‘ *

12 noon -. 5 pm. '

 
   
 

HAS MOVED !!I

Just 1/4 mile past Crossgates

 

 

 

 

 

 

$2.00 discount WI SUNY I.D.

 

Also available at Dutch Quad ‘

 

 

l 717 Western Ave.

456-5453
call for apt.

    

 

 

Dinner Line r

 

 

 

 

 

WE§® Lean sec F

for WIRA SOFTBALL INTRAMURALS

  

Umpires needed

 

Meagan We;

 

 

Meeting on Tuesday, 3-26

Experience Colonie’s

 

4:00pm - CC370

 

 

 

@ooseﬂoms‘? @oilii #29265?

 

Newest and Most Unique care
i - Featuring , V V p _ .
Gourmet Pizzas, Huge’Saiads‘ and Fresh Pastas.-

. All major credit cards accepted

K Corner of Wolf 8: Metro Park Road (518) 458-7845

WIRA is SA Funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘t'ltlfitlt‘t'tl‘infl '

 

512K Bundle*:
Suggested Retail Price: $3885
Reg. SUNY Price: $2340

NOW ONLY $2040!*

Graduating Seniors, Faculty and Students who wish to improve their productivity and written communications
THIS is YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO:

 

BUY THE BUNDLE*
BEFORE MARCH 29
ANDSAVE!

     
   

128K Bundle*:
Suggested Retial Price: $3285
Reg. SUNY Price: $1940

NOW ONLY $1640!*

 

Universit Micros
us. Admin. Rm.B20
457 -8575

 

 

*Bundles include 128K or 512K Macintosh, lmagewriter printer, external disk drive.
Prices exclude shipping, tax, handling and extended warranty.

L")I'r.‘t .’t'

'\ (“runaway IL!
I

mum on. :u‘ “('u't i'l-‘i mum».

 

 

 

 

Bonnie Stolnbock

HOWARD TVGAR UPS

 

“Genetic humanity does not mean moral humanity"

Different paths all lead to

samepro-choice decision

'By Pam Conway

Abortion is not only a con-
troversial topic but can be argued
from a philosophical. political or
theological perspective, conclud-
ed'aypro-cho’ice forum sponsored
by the Feminist Alliance Tuesday
night.

Thirty people turned out to
hear three speakers: Bonnie Stein-
bock, a member of SUNYA’s
philosophy department: Carol
Reickert, 'a member of Family
Planning Advocate; and Maureen
O'Brien, a B.A. in religious
studies from the College of St.
Rose. .

The three women, although all
advocates of the pro-choice
standpoint. expressed their views
in very different ways, each zero-
ing in on various aspects of the
abortion issue.

Steinbeck opened the discus-
sion by stating that she felt
“abortion is clearly a form of kill-
ing. The question is .what are we
killing?"

She stressed that an unborn
child “is human in the biological
or genetic sense. But in the moral
sense. it is not a person because it
does not have a welfare or sake of
its own. Genetic humanity does
not mean moral humanity."

Steinbeck added that “abor-
tion is not another form of birth
control,” and‘ “respect for life
does not equal right to unborn
life."

Steinbeck expressed her view-
point as a “gradualist position.
That is, the older the unborn
child, the more difficult the moral
question."

“Early abortions should be
available on demand, " said Stein-
bock, adding that “later fetuses
are morally problematic. Abor-
tions on them should be limited
and are."

O'Brien dealt with the topic of
abortion within Roman Catholic
theology.

O'Brien said that although the
Church in l983 issued a canon
law stating that all women who
have abortions are excom-
municated, the pope has "never
spoken, officially on any moral

issue, including abortion."

The Catholic Church has
respect for the sanctity of human
life and it defines abortion as
“deliberate destruction of .an un-
born human being," said
O’Brien. -

O'Brien expressed her disap-
proval of the Church’s actions in-
volving 24 nuns who were
threatened with losing their
orders if they didn't remove their
names from a statement which
recognized that there is “more
than one view on abortion."

Although O'Brien herself is a .
member of the Catholic Church,
she said that “the real issue is not ‘
abortion. it is the unequal status
of women in the Church and in
society.”

“Abortion is not a moral good.
it is a tragic necessity and will‘
continue until a woman reaches a
better level in society, has access
to better contraceptives, and is
given the same amount of respect
as her fetus," O'Brien said.

Reickcrt criticized the Catholic
Church for its “use of guilt to ex-
ert control,” adding that
“women are socialized to be
guilty.”

Reickert stressed a woman’s
right to make decisions about her
own body. She cited the Supreme
Court case Roe vs. Wade (1973)
which established “a woman's
right to terminate her
pregnancy."

This right is being threatened
by such actions as the Hyde
amendment which denies
Medicaid money for abortion,
said Reickcrt. This amendment
“is a threat to a woman‘s
reproductive rights by limiting ac-
cess to abortions. Limiting access
limits rights," she added.

Reickert criticized those “fr-
inge elements of the right-to-lifc
movement” who are attempting
to limit access to abortions
through violent attacks on clinics.
“Five of those 35 clinics bombed
never performed abortions," she
said.

Making abortion illegal would
lead to “deaths by knitting

.21.»

 

", mi)!- Witt-«1‘ li- {, ,‘i‘;

. "r;

y .- . . . . r . . . . ., .,.,.,--.,.,..,..-._..—

 M FRIDAYpMARCH 22,.1985 i'_'i ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 5

 

‘ By Ilene Welnstein .

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT - . '. -

. The United States Student AssociationtUSSA)
kicked off its national campaign to fight against

while l,090,'student representatives rallied in
'front of Washington's Department of Education
Monday.  ‘ ,

Monday's rally follo'wcda weekend USSA
conference-which gave student delegates from
across the nation the opportunity to learn lobby-
ing skills and information on the proposed
budget cuts for higher education that are being
debated in both the Senate and the House of
Representatives, said Sue Wray, President of the
Student Association of the State University
(SASU). . '

Before the afternoon rally, the delegates met
with Congressional aides from both their
hometown districts and their college districts.
“The aides were very receptive. They know there
is a need to prioritize education." said Wray.

“We got the message across that the defeat of
the budget was now in the hands of the Con-
gress," said Katherine Ozer, Legislative Director
for USSA. There is a lot ofopposition to the pro-
posals in Congress, she added.

The Department of Education supports the
proposed cuts, said Ozer, adding that one reason
for the rally was to request a formal apology
from Secretary of Education William Bennett,
who had implied during a speech that students
use their Guaranteed Student Loans to buy cars,
stereos, and three-week vacations.

Bennett doesn't understand “that (college)

 

Erlc Bowman

 

"Action is needed. ”

President Reagan’s proposed financial aidcuts .

students will be out of school if they can‘t get

  

 

 in Washington
,  national 4, protes t of aid cuts

their loans,” said Ozer.
, ' “Secretary Bennett feels that paying for a col-
lege'educationis the responsibility of students
and their parents. if the student is in the lower in-
come bracket,‘ that’s when the government
should step in," said Wray, who added that the
rally may have shown Bennett that the cuts "are
not going to work." '

“We are not talkikng about a student going to

' Harvard instead of Binghamton, we are talking

about students'not going to college at all,” said
Ross Abelow, a USSA delegate from SUNYA.

Bennett refused to meet with all the student
delegates. said Ozer. USSA President Greg
Moors was asked instead to pick 25
rcprcsntativcs to meet with Assistant Secretary
Ed Elmcndorf to discuss their position.

“He (Elmcndorf) paid us a lot of lip service,"
said Wray, one of the delegates picked to meet
with him. “Bennett should have come out to
speak to all students. All students are involved in
this issue," she added.

The next few months will be very crucial, said
Wray, who explained that the budget will pro-
bably not be voted on until sometime in the fall.
USSA and the individual college campuses will
be concentrating on their own lobby efforts. she
said.

At SUNYA. USSA. SA and SASU members
continue to solicit students to write letters to their
Senators and Congressmen, said Abelow, who
added that over 800 letters written by SUNYA
students were given to Senators Al D'Amato and
Daniel Moynihan. Other campuses haven‘t done
this type of campaign on the scale of SUNYA's,
but “this may start a chain reaction," he added.

USSA is encouraging other campuses to get in-
volved, said Ozer. “Congress must hear from all
of us. There were l.000 people at the rally, but
there are a million people from the campuses
who could be heard," she added.

“Rallies are effective only to a point," said
Abelow. . “it‘s important to write to the
Republicans who support Reagan. Congress has
made a commitment to help students and oppose
the cuts,” he added.

“Students should call their Congressman's of~
fice when they go home for vacation. They
should tell their parents to write letters. Everyone
knows someone who will be affected by these
cuts," said Abelow.

“We hope to reduce the cuts planned. We
don’t think we can totally escape the cuts even if
we would like an increase," said Abelow. “The
cuts we hope for won‘t be as devastating," he
added.

USSA is also planning a national sit in on all
college campuses," said Eric Bowman, :1 USSA
delegate from SUNYA. “Letter writing is fine,
but action is needed." he added. __

 

Lennon to play Palace Theatre

In only one of four New York State appearances,

Julian Lennon will be performing at Albany's
Palace Theatre on Sunday. April l4, according to
University Concert Board chair Karen Fisher.

Tickets goon sale Monday at l2 pm. in Campus
Center 343, Fisher said, adding that noon was
chosen to “avoid a line and people sleeping out.“

Students will be able to purchase up to six tickets
on a tax card and a limit of three tax cards per per-
son has been set, said Fisher.

The first two tickets can be bought for $l2
apiece. Fisher said, adding that only the first pair
can be within the first fifteen rows, in an attempt to
avoid people buying up these seats.

The next four tickets can be purchased for SIS
each and must be behind the first fifteen rows, she
said. “i would assume we‘re going to sell out in one
day,“ Fisher added. _

Fisher w0uld not reveal how much UCB, as spon-
sors of the event, is paying to bring Lennon here.
saying only that “it is within our budget."

She explained that UCB didn't get Lennon to
perform here because it put in the highest bid. but
because “Albany is a good market. it's a good
place for bands to test where they stand since there
are a lot of different musical tastes here."

Fisher said that Lennon is playing only three
other shows in New York, all at the Beacon Theatre
in Manhattan. “The Beacon sold out three shows in
three hours.” sheaddcd.

  

Julian Lennon

UCB is officially announcing Lennon‘s ap-
pearance at It press conference Friday which will be
broadcast live on WQBK-FM, Fisher said, and
posters advertising the event will go up over the
weekend.

Members of the band include Julian Lennon on
vocals. Justin Clayton on guitar. Carlton Morales
on guitar, Carmen Rojais on bass, Alan Childs on
drums. Chuck Kentis on keyboards and Frank
Elmo on saxophone.

As for UCB's plans for the remainder of the
semester, Fisher said that UCB has another show
for April 2i, although she wouldn't reveal who the
act would be. "Keep April 21 open," she advised.

_—.A||ch\ Citation:

 

 

 

