 

  

  

 

Sports Fri fay '

FEBRUARY 1, I985

   
       
      
 

 

  

     

V pick: Sxi‘tiéT .
Countdown to
500 wins

[ 7,6,s,4,3_:,2,1..:500

 

Record raised to 16-0

defeated nationally
ranked Western New England'
University Gym
Wednesday night.

The convincing 37-12 victory‘
was the first for the Danes over
Western New England in two_

By Cathy Errlg grapplers

EDITORIAL assrsnnrr‘
College at

in an extension of their thus far
perfect season and a possible
foretaste of their upcoming match
with top-ranked 1thaca College
this weekend, the Albany State

    

years and. raised their record to
16-0.

The Danes, currently ninth in
the NCAA Div. [11 polls. record-
ed four technical superiorities. in-
cluding Shawn Sheldon's 18-2
decision at 118, John Balog's 19-3
decision at 142. Andy Seras' 22-6
at 158, and Marty Pidel's pin.
timed at 3:12. at 167.

 

DAVE IIMC UPS

Dane 181-pounder'Maétv Pldell pinned his opponent 3:121nto the match as Albany State knocked oil

Western New Eng an

Great Danes put out Red Dragons "fire,

By Rich Sheridan

and Jerry Campione
Cortland, NY

“it‘s good to win on the road."

Tltose were the sentitttents expressed by Albany
State Head Coach Dick Saucrs following the
Danes' sloppy, but decisive win over tlte Cortland
State Red Dragons. 78-65. at Corey Gymnasium
Wednesday.

The Danes. who shot an unimpressive 32.5 per-
cent (l4.43) from the floor in the first half. still
managed to take control of the game early on.
Albany State struck first and. within the first five
minutes. built up a six-point lead whiclt the Red
Dragons couldn‘t overcome.

Despite the erratic play by the Dane offense. tlte
defense was solid. holding Cortland to just 24 shots
from the ﬂoor and causing numerous turnovers.

Pete Gosule's return to the lineup made a
noticeable itnprovcmettt in the Dane defense. con-
tributing six rebounds and three blocked shots. as
well as scoring six points. Gosule missed the
Potsdam game Saturday as a resttit of food
poisoning.

Albany. which managed only 2‘) rebounds
against Potsdam. upped their total to 46 against
Cortland. including 21 on the offensive boards. The
Danes were paced by forward Adam Ursprung's 13
with Dan Croutier grabbing eight and Greg Hart
pulling down seven.

Upsprung was also the most effective scorer. hit-
ting for 19 points. Hart and Ct'outicr managed 16
and ten points respectively. Crouticr. whose
creative passing kept the Red Dragons off balance.
accumulated 11 assists.

Cortland's Mike Stokes led all scorers with 24
points. improving on his already impressive 20.7
points-per-game average. Harry Barr also tossed in
14 for the Dragons.

Cortland cut the Danes lead to two. 12-10 mid

way through the first quarter as a result of a six-
ntinute stretch during which Albany managed a
mere two points.

However. the last six minutes were a different
story. The Dane offense blew the game open.
outscoring Cortland 16-8. including ten points by
Ursprung. Cortland never managed to cut the lead
to under ten points the rest of the way.

Both teams improved their shooting in the second
half. picked up the scoring pace. and made the
game more entertaining. Cortland managed to stay
even with the Danes in the second half. with Albany
managing just one more point titan their hosts.

The most impressive play of the second half was a
slant dttnk by Ursprung off of Rich Chapman's
steal with 8:50 remaining. giving the Danes a 16
point lead. 57-41.

Cortland did manage 13 more field goal attempts
in the second half. but the Danes seemed in full
command throughout the game.

“it wasn't necessarily them, it was us." said a
disgruntled Cortland State Head Coach Bill
Williams. “We can run our stuff. we just had pro-
blems doing things we were trying to do." Williams
pointed out that his team is “newly put together"
while Albany “has been playing together for four
years" and adding that the Danes had “better role
players."

When commenting on both teams' inability to
score in the first half. Williams said. “if the other
team screws up and we can’t score. we deserve to
lose."

HOOP-LA: The Danes managed a 3-1 record dur-
ing this recent road trip. beating Oneontu.
Bingitamton. and Cortland. their sole loss coming
to the hands of the Potsdam Bears. . .The Danes
return home Saturday night to face the Plattsburgh
Cardinals at University Gym. WCDB will be broad-
casting. the game live wltin'Steve Goldltein and
Adam Goodman at the mikes. [I]

Unbeaten grapplers top W. New England, 

For Pidel. ranked 8th in the
NCAA Div. 111 at 167 lbs., it was
the end of a slump he'felt he had
been in since before Christmas. It

,was also a revenge win; Western

New England's Steve Metcals‘ had
defeated him earlier this season at
the Coast Guard tournament.
Sheldon dominated almost en-
tirely during his match against
Eric Johnson. the only trouble
coming during the second period.
“1 couldnit get- off the bot-
tom." remarked the All-
American. currently ranked third
among NCAA Div. 111 118 lb.
wrestlers. “though 1 was never
worried. Actually, their whole
team was pretty good on top."
Seras. ranked nationally at
both the .150 and 158 weight

if classes, never left any doubt-.that

he was the superior wrestler. So
much more superior titan most
other. wrestlers. Seras is having
difﬁculty ﬁnding opponents who
will try to’do more than save
themselves from embarrassment.

“l’m ﬁnding that guys are not
wrestling back anymore. I’m hav-
ing to do a lot of different things
in order to score points. A lot of
teams are just trying not to give
up 16 points to me."

Also winners for Albany were
heavyweight Ciene Faughnan. in a
6-4 decision. and at 177. Sandy
Adelstein. to-o.

Nsarrowly defeated were
Albany grappiers Steve Fischbcin
and Larry White. both freshmen.

 

at 134 and 150 lbs. Coach Joe
DeMeo was well satisfied with
their performances. .

“For freshmen, they wrestled
marvelously; their opponents
were much more experienced than
they are. ‘ -

Matt Ryan. although clearly
defeated by Western New
England’s Gary Solomon, was
not dismayed by his performance.

“He (Soloman) is ranked se-
cond nationally.” said Ryan.
“and l’m recovering from a head
butt I received on Saturday."

Winning by forfeit was senior
co-captain Dave Averill. 1984
NCAA champion at 126 lbs.
Averill' is currently ranked ﬁrst
nationally for his weight class.

Of the team’s performance as a
whole. DeMeo was pleased.

“They all wrestled up to their
performance tonight which is ex-
actly what we hope to do. said
DeMeo.“ This was a really tough
team; they came in here expecting
to win.” -

Albany’s next contest looks to
be their biggest challenge thusgfar;

a chance to meet Ithaca College.
ranked ﬁrst nationally. The Dane
grapplers’ outlook is optimistic
and confident.

“l'd give the edge to Albany." _

predicted Seras. "Thefirst two
weight classes are really the key.
We'll be relying on our two

studs," (Sheldon and Averill)?
“It's going to be real close."
is»

78-65

 

 

 

Doug. Kilmer waltzee in tor tvr palate in an earlier Isumo this.

. WON IV UPS

equem’l'ite Danes are new 146 L' iter beeth Genien

 
   
                    
      
    
   
   
    

 

 

  

.151.“ 9:}

 
 

l ' h h
' I
.-t." H ' . ..
uﬂll .l ul- "

    

      

. . .
0

ngday Pebmawﬁ. 1985 e . .

e . . e . . O o .
. '0'. . . '0'. . .

. . . 9.0. . ° 0 e. . . O...
... . ‘ ' . . .
o 0.. lNSl_DE:.-.... . . .

  

 TAKINGAS’TA‘B AT .'
 LOCAL MUSIC '
 SHOOTING KAFKA '
 -.o:KICKING OFF BLACK f
' ' ~  . HISTORY MQNTH ,

   

 

  
    
 
 

'
" . n- '. c '.
4.,v,.‘ . ‘.. .- .l~ V‘Iuh.
'  who-“£1.-i.—....:...-..‘::v.~>r '9 if .

 

' .
. '. “hut. '~~ t-u'rfc’

 

i
s

 

3

39

Subatomic Nothingness Cosmic Nothingness Everything Else I Nuclear Bombs Microcomputers Electric
Beaters I Time Space Gumby'I Mr. Ed The Beaver Flipper / Drawing Comics Photography I Humor
Satire Nonsense I Peace Protest Survive I David Rina Loren I lrrationalism Relativity Anarchy / Blzzare
Absurd Creative I Brian Eno Lauri Anderson Philip Class I Lao Tsu Heidegger Buber I Monk Mingus
Miles I Ralph Cramden Felix Unger Spock I Edna St. Vincent Millay Dylan Thomas William Carlos
Williams / Glimpses Comments Whispers I Dreams Fantasies Nightmares I Bach Brahms

Beethoven I Steve Reich Elliot Carter Carl Heinz Stockhausen / Oregon Keith Jarret Paul

Winter I Muddy Waters John Lee Hooker Leadbelly I Woody Guthrie Phil Ochs Tom Paxton / Frank
Zappa Robert Fripp Thomas-Dolby I Southeast Asia Central America Eastern Europe I Shopping Malls
Fish Heads Lawn Care IThink Dream Write I Red White Blue I Kafka Kubrick Kandinsky/
INTERESTED? CALL DAVID. “INA OR LOREN AT 457-3322. OR STOP IN AND
SEE U3 IN CAMPUQ CENTER 332 I INTEREST MEETING - WEDNESDAY. FEB. 6
- 7:30 P.M. I BE CREATIVE WITH ASPECTS!"

 

 

.-......... ....-k.....2--..--sun-u...»....~uu---unn—¢auo-.—---u...a...-..uw.—.........'¢'_'-'J-

 

 

