 

  m8: 

Byrne in cnslmnefar ‘Stop Making Sen Singular miter

Making Sense By
Not Making Sense

The less we sa y about i! (he better
Make 1'! up as we go along.

orgoing the brunch menu, David Byrne has ordered coffee. a

Bloody Mary, a plate ofcooked spinach and slices ofMuenster
cheese. After alternately sipping on the two drinks, he has a
brainstorm once the food arrives. Draping the cheese over the
steaming greens and then drizzling lemonjuicc over all, he creates a
dish tltat looks like Martian baked Alaska but, according to Byrne,
“tastes pretty good.“ In his cuisine, as in his music, David Byrne has
singular tastes.

It‘s always been that way. As the lead singer and chicfwriter for
Talking Heads, David Byrne has made music that sometimes
sounds like primal therapy you could dance to. Over seven albums
with the band he helped form in 1975, he's probed the inner
thoughts of a psychotic killer as well as the everyday angst of

record for the B-52's, written music for a Twyla Tharp ballet and
conceived the Brechtian style of the Talking Heads ﬁlm, “Stop
Making Sense.“ the surprisingly popular concert movie that contin-
ues to tour the country. For Byrne, 32, the creative possibilities

 

28

modern life. Apart from Talking Heads. Byrne has exercised his §
artistic talents through a variety ofother projects. He‘s produced a ‘

 

seem to be limited only by his imagination "It's a lot offun," he says i

2‘67”de6771.) . gr

in his quiet, clipped way ofspeaking. “The best thing is that I can use
anything forinspiration. If] hnvea nifty idea in whateverarea, I can
put it to use."

In [lie/inure Iltere will be .ra much going on llllll no one will be able to
keep track of it.

The latest evidence of Byrne‘s unyielding creative drive is an
album just released on ECM Records. Called “Music From the
Knee Plays,“ it consists of narration and music for brass and
percussion instruments, written by Byrne fora play cycle by avant-
garde dramatist Robert Wilson. This was Byrne‘s ﬁrst nonrock
musicand his simple,jazz-inspired melodies form a gentleand ﬂuid
counterpoint to the disquieting narration of7 ofthe 12 pieces.

After completing “Knee Plays“ last spring, Byrne spent most of
the rest of 1984 writing songs and an accompanying screenplay fora
ﬁlm set in a suburb in Texas. Byrne would like to direct the ﬁlm but
not act in it. “I've always seen myselfas a performer by default,“ he
laughs, “because no one else would do my material.“

And you may ask yourself—— Well . . . how did I get here?

Byrne can give the impression that he is both reﬂective and
nonanalytical. He can give studied attention to the simplest of
questions and then answer with high uncertainty. Press him about
why he continues to perform if he doesn‘t like it, and this is his
response: “I guess I like it. I guess I like it. I guess I do. Sometimes I
don‘t stop and ask myself, so I guess I must. It must be all right.“

Making music with Talking Heads (guitarist and keyboardist
Jerry Harrison, bassist Tina Weymouth and drummer Chris
Frantz) continues to please, although, he admits, “It‘s almost as if
the band has become this base that I can work out from." A new
Talking Heads album now being recorded promises to bea return to
the group‘s earlier, pared-down sound. “Musically, I think it‘s
more conventional," says Byrne, “the kind ofthing that you sing in
a shower with words coming off the tongue. I think of them as
contemporary folk songs, except foracouple that are pretty weird.“
It‘s a natural combination for David Byrne.

RON GlVENS

%

, v m
Talking Heads-.- l’rilnal therapy will: a beat you can dance II)

NEWSWEEK ()N CAMPUS/APRIL l‘JKS

 

 

 

 

I

C "sack nn (lie mare: A rumpled presence and a bravura performer

A Young Actor
Scores for Sure

One sure thing about Rob
Reiner‘s new ﬁlm, “The Sure
Thing,“ is its 18-year-old star,
John Cusack. An actorwith soft
checks and a steely squint,
Cusack plays an Ivy League
freshman spurned by one girl
and in lustful pursuit ofanother
(“the sure thing“ of the title).
Unfortunately, he soon ﬁnds
himself on a transcontinental
trip with the girl who louthes
him. This comedy sings thejoys
of the quest for love—on catn-
pus and off—and at the same
timetacklessomctough,cosmic
questions: What to do about
high-school honeys? How to
describe a religious affection
for pizza? When to succumb to
passion? Cusack‘s irrepressible
performance ﬁouts the conven-
tions ofa typical fun-in-the-frat-

, house ﬂick, and his rumpled

presence enlivens every scene:
he produces manic outbursts,
operatic belches and philo-
sophical asides with equal case
and authenticity. While the ﬁlm
islessaboutscoringthansearch-
ing, the actor has certainly
scored one here for his career.
Surprisingly, “The Sure
Thing" is already the fourth of
six movie roles that Cusack has
had in the last two years (two
ﬁlms will be released later this
year). “It‘s happened pretty
fast," he says of his small parts

i in “Class,” “Sixteen Candles,"

“Grandview, USA." (His sin-

: gle disappointment: not being

NEWSWEEK 0N CAMPUS/APRIL “IRS

 

cast for “The Breakfast Club.")
“You don't have time to think
about it. But I think that's
healthy. You don‘t havetoa’we/l
on who you are.“ Not that
he isn't contemplative—or that
he hasn't considered precisely
where he‘s going: he wants to
act, ofcourse, and more. “What
I really want to do is direct.
WhatIreallywanttodoiswrite.
To be able to present a story—I
think that‘s a wonderfully cre-
ativcthing.“
Creativityishardlynewtothe
Chicago-born Cusack. The son
of a screenwriter, he has acted
since the age of nine, and he
wrote and directed two musical
comedies in high school ("I cer-
tainly wasn‘t the scholar,“ he
notes). Heiscurrently cowriting
a screenplay for Henry Winkler
and Paramount. Meanwhile, to
clear his head for the fall,
when he hopes to attend New
York University, Cusack will
tour the country with a friend
from Evanston, “1., where he
grew up. There is no itinerary—
one wonders if they will both-
er with mapx—but Graceland,
Elvis Presley‘s mansion, and
Las Vegas are probable stops.
“We‘re going to take a trip
across the country in an old,
beat-up car," he says. “Kerouac
did it for seven years; we're go-
ing to do it for three months.
We‘re going to writ * and take a
tape recorder and a camera and
really document the trip. I want
to go and reﬂect about the
States.“ The trip has forced hitn
to refuse several offers (“I've
turned down lots of teen sex

 

comedies"), but he

doesn‘t care. He is al- .

ready looking away

from comedic roles: :
“IfeelIcandoserious 1

stuff. If Martin Scor-

cese or Milos Forman ‘
say to me, ‘I’lease do 1

this great
won‘t go to college."
Despite his rapid
rise, he modestly dc-
clinesto place himself
in the same class as
such fellow fanzine
idols as Sean Penn,
Matthew Modine or
Emilio Estevez. In-
stead he citcs high-
school buddies: the
guys who went toChi-
cago's Wrigley Field
with him and conned
hot dogs from the vendors at
Cubs games. Lounging with a
few ofthosc friends in a $400-a-
night hotel suite overlooking
New York‘s Central Park, hur‘
tlingtowardawaitinglimousine
with open Michelob in hand,
Cusack is often unshaven,
hoarse, boisterous. But when he
talks careers or fame, the voice
drops and he assumes a serious-
ness uncommon to most col-
lege-bound life forms. “This
ﬁlm,“ he says quietly of “The
Sure Thing,“ “could become
part ofAmerican culture—or it
could be gone in three weeks.“
MARKI).UElll.lNG

Actress, Model,
Singer . . . Star?

Whitney Houston is a little
frightening. She has acted on
the television shows “Gimme:
Break" and "As the World
Turns."Slteisgorgeous,amodel
with the tony Wilhelmina Mod-
els. Scariest ofall, she is a terriﬁc
singer, deeply rooted in the gos-
pelofherNew Jersey church but
smooth enough to pull off slick
R&B duets with the likes ofJer-
maine Jackson. Clearly, no one
person should have this much
stur quality. Itjust doesn‘t seem
fair. OK, so she comes from a
talented family: her ﬁrst cousin
is Dionne Warwick, and her
mother is soul singer Cissy
Houston. But think about itzshe
I'sjm‘l 21. And now, with the
release of her eponymous debut
album on Arista Records, she
is poised at the edge of what

EMBASSY PICTURES

part,‘ I j

VII-RING Aaamt

 

l

could be a very hot career.

"Poised" is exactly the right
word, too. Houston is not only
talented but self-assured. Her
family gets the credit for that.
She was singing profess. nally
at lZ—as a backup vocalist for
Lou Rawls, Chakha Khan and
her mother but her parents
convinced her to hold back
on a career until she was old
enough to l andle it. “My par-
ents didn‘t want me to start
out too young, even though I
could have," she says. “They
wanted me to have my child-
hood and my teen-age years."
And in fact, "my mom is still
nervous. She‘s been in the busi-
ness for a long time, and she‘s
seen a lot ofthings come and go.
And it‘s a scary thing when your
kid is going to do it also.“

1 . t ,
W [I i in e v Hanxlnn onstage: Sta ry

But six years ago Cissy Hous-
ton decided her daughtcr was
ready, and the two started per-
forming together in nightclubs.
Whitney began slowly, as a
background singer, and eventu—
ally steppcd out front. By the
time she was 18 she was gath-
cring glowing notices. Mean—
while, just to keep busy. she
was modeling—for Glamour,
Seventeen and Cosmopolitan.

Now that the record is out.
Houston is concentrating on
that part of her career. She‘s
made a video for the song “You
Give Good Love.” blitzcd Eu-
rope on a three-week pronto-

' tional swing and now is hoping

)I)

 

 

 

