 

HID/Toma

Although the day-to-day editorial policy of this
paper.is generally set by one person (the editor-in-
ehief). the editorial board is made up ol~ a diverse
group of people advocating a multitude of ideas and
opinions, the fttll range of which aren't always ex-
pressed irt these pages. This editorial has written by
Several different editors. each adding on tlteir own
thoughts throughout Ilte night.

Too many cooks?

. Anything seems possible ill the 80's: USA Today is
actually surviving as a newspaper and Tropicana tttay
have found a way to defy all known laws of science.
For years they‘ve sold “[00 percent pure orange
juice." They‘re still selling " IOO pereettt pttre orange
juice" but now. they‘re somehow managed to brittg
in a “new fresher taste." The question is. where did
they put it? Hopefully not in our IOO percent pure
orange juice. What would Attita Bryant say?

Bring back the red MStM's. of course.

Who cares? What scares the hell out of the is that
in the five years l‘ve been here (i still haseu‘t
graduated!) l‘vc seen lloeks‘ of stttdcttts hecottting
more like mindless sheep. questioning and challeng-
ing less attd less. it's scary. We‘re allowing ourselves
to become just what the Establishment wants us to.
inclttding this university. attd becoming blind to the
radical mystery of being human. It’s very scary.
Rebel now and forever rebel!

But how’.’ Through student activism? is it back? i
sure the hell hope so. But don't let them cotnpare us
to students of the sixties. We're the students of the
eighties with ottr own causes. Let's be retncmbered
that way.

Maybe we won‘t be remembered at all.

My innocence died today; or maybe yesterday: l
can‘t be sure.

And what. about tomorrow“! Wlto cart be sure
about tomorrow? The future looms in front of us;
and we tremble (is it excitement or fear?) at the
thought of the unknown.

Screw the futttre. there are problems today.

What people have to look at with this world
hunger issue is that there are multinational corpora-
tions and institutionalized patterns which create a
system ittcapable of responding to a natural disaster
like drought. Buying a USA for Africa sweatshirt
isn't really solving the problem...

But it’s a start. Those performers that united
together for two days to sing a sitnple song showed
that things can be done if we cooperate with each
other.

That's the spirit the democratic party promised us
in November. Unfortunately. a lot of selfish rich
people in this country wanted to get even richer. They
elected Reagan.

What exactly does that last brilliant paragraph
mean. anyway? Is the writer suggesting that the spirit
of cooperation is foreign to every political party ex-
cept the Democratic party? And does the writer
believe that rich people. who are in the minority. can
elect a President independent of the majority of the
country's opinions? That‘s about as practical as
unilateral disarmament. Ronald Reagan wasn't just
backed by a few rich conservatives who wanted to get
richer; President Reagan received a mandate from
the entire country. Why? Because America is tired of
the wlshy-wnshy idealism that characterizes today's
Democratic party.

This may be. Certainly the country is tired of the
.vishy-washy leaders of the democratic party — case
at point Fritz Mondale. who just made the l0 most
lovable nerds of 1984 list. America loves heroes —
throughout the country's history. it's generally
elected the most personable candidate. That
wouldn't. and didn't. stop them from electing a per-
sonable fool.

So your choice is a lovable nerd or a personable
fool. What if you don't like either? Our political
system is too restricting. That's why we get stuck
with fools running our country.

Speaking of fools. l'vc got this prof. he gives new
meaning to the word fool. But ite gets the last laugh
because l'm failing. Not because l’m stupid. but
because l'm tltc victitn of an inflexible educational
system that hired a research specialist. not a teacher.
to teach my class. So l'll graduate with a prestigious
diploma but no education.

Which brings us urottnd to the cheese doodle pro-
blem. 'l‘he wrapper says the cheese doodles contain
“oodles of real cheese." but closer examination of
tile ingredients reveals that cheese is the fifth or sixth
ingredient. So tttttch for "oodles of real cheese".

And so. fellow students. we leave you with some
things to think about. l'ontlcr them wisely and haven
good summer.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mandatory reading " ‘ 

What follows is a purely ﬁctional account. It has never
occurred on this campus, but you never know....

A newly recognized student group. LAME. or Lob-
byists Against Mandatory Examinations. claims that no
student should be forced to take an exam if he or she does
not want to. “Let me cite some examples. You wish to
become a policeman or get into grad school. and you take
art exam. That is your choice. But in no other place than
college or other schools are you FORCED to take an ex-
am. We are not against exams. we just feel it should be up
to the student." said Gregg Tucker. President of the
LAME.

l Richard Dalton l

The group consists of about iS to 20 students who are
so opposed to forced examinations that they plan on be-
ing as annoying as possible to anyone whom they see. The
group is not funded by any other organization. “We
don't tnind paying for full-page ads in the ASP. or paying
for thousands of posters. We're just getting these large
sums of money from thepeople on LAME." claimed
Tucker. “I just don't want people to be fooled by
STUDEX. Student Exams in the 80's. the group that sup-
ports forccd exams." Some of your tuition money goes
towards the printing and distribution of these
examinations.

"Without this money from your tuition. exams will no
longer exist." claims the president of STUDEX. Every
two years. students vote on whether or not exams should
be mandatory. in the past tnonths there have been LAME
attempts to eliminate mandatory exams at Buffalo and
Syracuse Universities. Although they have been unsuc-
cessful. Gregg Tucker insists. “Sometimes getting justice
takes time."

"Things can easily be distorted and people may be
fooled. Students were all confused from the misinforma-
tion that was around. lfwe lose. we'll be losing for all the
wrong reasons." claims Cy Perg. co-cltnir of STU DEX's
local chapter. “Attacking mandatory exams is like at-
tackittg exams altogether. Nobody will take an exam if he

 

or she doesn’t have to."

Tucker feels students are being deceived by STUDEX.
“I don‘t think the students realize the. implications of
STUDEX. Exams are a multi-million dollar corporation.
Students aren't even involved. They have professors who
work full time that make up exams. Right now. pro-exam
lobbyists are coming from all over the state. to fight for
exams. Don't be fooled!” exclaimed Tucker. “I urge
every student to vote NO to MANDATORY examslli"

LAME is not making attempts to fight‘ physical exams
or allergy exams. “Those type ‘of exams are strictly for
the student's beneﬁt. They're different. The exams we’re
against are strictly educational. We’re also against the
fact that STUDEX fights for issues that are far from be-
ing beneficial for students. For instance. the No. 2 Pencil
Bill. which will force students to give a 5 cent deposit on
No. 2 pencils to make’sure they are returned after exams.
That's not beneficial to students!" claims Gregg. .

But Cy Perg maintains. “Because you‘re a student
doesn’t mean you‘re not affected by students stealing No.
2 pencils." He continued. “We all lose out when students
steal No. 2 pencils. There is not one issue that STUDEX
works on that does not affect students in some way.”

“A lot of us agree with exams. The fact that they're
mandatory is what we oppose." maintained Gregg as he
and his friend continued on their 15 minute walk from the
uptown campus to Alumni Quad. But inside sources say
that not only is LAME against mandatory exams. but
after that comes mandatory attendance for Gym courses.
and mandastory General Education Requirements. But
Tucker says. “NO. we are just agianst mandatory ex-
aminations. As a matter of fact, i don't mind exams at
all. They could probably help me in my math. Like last
week when I said LAME has spent only 5250. l was later
told that $200 for an ASP ad and over SISO for all the
posters. tacked on to the cost of some professional antl-
exam organizers adds up to over 5400. i didn‘t realize
that."

Gregg feels that students should be told the truth about
forced examinations. “Students should realize that they
are being coerced. So. we're trying to screw up -— I mean
-— stop — something awful ——— i mean —— positive —
because there are underlying principles we must uphold.
These exams are strictly educational. and NEVER should
someone be forced to take an exam that is strictly educa-
tional." maintains Gregg Tucker. [I]

 

Farrakhan:Letters regarding the controversy
over Minister Louis Farrakhan’s recent visit to
campus may be found on page 19.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. LETER
Telethon kudos

To the Editor:
We would like to thank the entire University communi-

ty for their never-ending support of Telethon '85. Your-

combined efforts have helped us raise over $38,000 for
the Albany Boys Club and the Drakeland Day Care
Center. Although our activities and planning are finished
for the year. the monies raised are just .beginning to be

‘ put to good use. it is hard to express how much Telethon
'85 has meant to us. but we will always look back with the
fondest of memories.

Telethon '86 is underway. Co-chairs Lisa Buitckant
and Suzanner Murphy are hard at work. We wish them
the best of luck and much suecess..We hope that you will
give them as much support as you have given us.

Much thanks. ‘

—Eric Dorf
—Eileen Shapiro
Telethon '85 Co-ehairs

Budget grudge

To the Editor: .

We. the Black students of SUNY at Albany. are
outraged at the treatment of our organization ASUBA
during Student Association‘s budgeting process.

We feel that we have been unfairly slighted. as a result
of insensitive. totalitarian leadership of Student Associa-
tion and this year's Central Council Committee Chairs.

As members of this University communtiy. we have a
right to an equitable opportunity for a suitable environ-
ment. during our pursuit of and quest for academic suc-
cess. With this right. which is inalienable, we demand that
the wrongs be righted. We pay the Student Activity fee. as
do the other cultural groups and have tin unequivocal
right to see our “tax dollars" distributed fairly.

We have attempted to appeal to this year's (lame duck)
President. as well as the controller and Central Council
Budget Committee. to no avail.

The number of Black students on this campus is not

 

  

r  
- -  AcﬂSpc-cts

suntan-d In r'm
Noldt Jo Oralla. Editor In Chi-I
Dun Chang. John Kunan. Managlng Editors

‘ " ' .Junab O'Sulllvnn
Mich-Ito Bulhar. Ilene Wolnataln
Tarn Kan-noon. Fllna Young
..........Loron Ginsberg

N-w- H'I‘Im '
Alloclalu Null Edllm
ASMII Edlttm

  
 
  
  
 

>
=

E
D
3
h
tn

 

Moylu Edllu I-n Spatllno
Muala Edllm Danlal Barth. Michelle Kratl

spam Edllru u...- 3."...
rlatlno Sitter

 

Allocllto Bporll adllor.
Editorial Page. Editor....

oaeph Fuaco
Jury camplo .

 

Contributing Edllou Wayne Paeraboam. Editorial Alllltuntn: Kan Dom-
blurnﬂiuttl Dumbo. Erlt: Hlndln. Robyn stain. David Warthclm Stall wrltorl:
Barbara Abraham". Donna Altman. Karen Buck. Rachel Brulow. Lulla Ch-It.
Johanna Clancy, Doreen Clark. tun Clementl. Mlko Oormanatty. Mlko Eek.
Both Flnncran. Mall Gavan. Rant Glnlborg. Bob Hutton. Ll“ Jackal. Blll
Jacobi. Stuuy Kern. Mlddl Kun. John Labato. Corey uvltln. Donna MacKnn-
Ila. Jatl Mall-bar. J. Michael Mal-c. Flt Paul. Karon Schlomy. Pun Schultor-
mln. Flluh shnrldan. Junta: Thorn-a. MD. Thomas. Doug Tuttlc. Spectrum
Editor: Brenda Schullu amt ArtlaI: Gary Paint-r

chrll Iinghl. Bullncu Mun-gar
Lynn Bur-Ill. Mabel-to Buslnnl Man-par
Maura Kellen. Advunlllng Man-oar
Milt. Knlrnor. Sulu Manager

IIIIIM “ll-h- Hnlh

ﬁn" Porous
clunlllodrM‘In-n-I ' K-r-n Davla
Advorllnlnp um: Karon Amntcr. Dan Fletcher. Mara Hoborman. lllch thl.
Judy Tarot. Advortlllnq Production: Llu Blohlor. Donlu cutrono. Toreu
Glacrlono. Ellnn Kotbalult. Allcu McDIrmoll. Jacki Mlalanky. Amy Paporny.
Mlkn Bchltlro. Dill" malt: Kathy Chlohulor. Linda mtg-do. Mulorta Noun
that. Bllphlnll Bah-nlul

Adam 0. halo. Patnall comm. Productlan Man-porn
' ChrII Colo Auoclato Productlan Manager

  
 

Chloll'ypulttu .... .. ncoy Hayntun
Typlllu: Drbora Adolntann. Joann Currla subo.
Pam Etrlubar. Pull-up: E. Phllllp Hoover. Judy Lawrrnc . MI I Mcshana.
Ellen Ruvll. D. Dlrrol stat. M.D.Thompaon. chwllouu: ann Nurwltr.

Richard Sharla-n

   

Photography principally Iuppllod by University Photo states. I Iludnnt
roup.

Chlol Photograph": Erica animal UPI stall: snarl Albert. Amy Cohen. Marla
Cutllnan. John Curry. Lynn Drallul. Glndy OaIw-y. Adam Gin-turn. Hobart
Hannmlnn. Dayld "lac. Kenny Klrlch. Hobart Lualray. Ezra Muuror. erh
Modlnvlltl. Chrtu Orulnl. Llu Simmons. Hobart saucy. David strick. Howard
l’yalr

lnllro auntcnlr copyright lull Albany Student Pru- Corpor-Ilon. all rights
rum“.

The Albany student Plus la publllhed Tuesday! and Frldnyl batman
Auoull and Jun. by tho Albany Student Plan Corporation. an lndopanrlant
nut»lot~protlt corporation.

Editorial: are WIlllan by the Editor In Chlol with members or the Editorial
Board; pollay tn lubluct ta rovlnw by the Edltortal board. Advarllalnn policy
doaI not naaoautlly roll-at adllorlal policy.

Malling nddraan:
Albany student Pran. CC 329
MOO Wuhlnolon Ava.

any. NV 122
(Elli) 15108021311221.3360

 

 

 

 

large however it is large enough to be recognizable and
heard. '

Due to the exercise of our right of Free Speech. we‘have
been singled out for destruction and we will not allow it to
happen.

Our demands are simple. we want to see our budget
reviewed by this new executive branch of Student
Association and a commitment to making it more
equitable with the other minority cultural groups funded
by Student Association: not a vocal committment, but a
binding written agreement by the President-elect. and the
Vice-President-elect. \ t

This is our only comment. '

Albany State University Black Alliance
(ASUBA)

Uhfair system

To the Editor:

i would like to address the procedures of distributing
senior week tickets by the Senior Class Council. Because
of an unannounced additional policy. many seniors were
unjttstly prevented from obtaining tickets to particular
events.

This was the first year that a system was instituted that
rotated the day and time that tickets were available.
similar to the current class registration procedures. This
gave everyone a fair chance of obtaining tickets to
specific events if their titne slot was early on a particular
day; for those senior card holders it was on a first cotne
first served basis.

Unfortunately. this is where the fairness ended. A
handfttl of seniors begun lining up in the LC’s at 2:30
p.m. to await the sale of tickets that were to commence at
5 p.m. it was at this point. 2:30 p.m., an unprecedented
and unpublieized decision was made to give numbers to
seniors who were waiting. These same numbers were also
given to seniors who just happened to stumble onto them
who had no intentions of. waiting until 5 p.m. Because of
this unannounced procedure. many seniors scheduled for
the initial time slot arrived an hour early-to find only a
few people waiting. Moments after getting in line. they
were appalled to learn that there were actually ‘l00’ or
more in line to purchase a limited number of tickets.

In effect, what Senior Class President Jeff Schneider
did was to reinstitute last year's senior week procedure of
randomly assigning numbers: This was the same pro-
cedure that he was so proud to have changed. Schneider
himself commented in the ASP that last year’s procedure
was. “great if you were number one. but number 3.000
didn’t get anything."

Common sense dictates that numbers should be
distributed to people in line when the line becomes too
large to manage. Common sense also dictates that these
numbers should not be parcclled until shortly before the

event. in this case tickets sales at 5 p.m. This way the peo-
ple on line were the seniors who truly wanted the tickets
and would have legitimately earned their place in line. if
ﬁfty numbers were handed out to people who stumbled
onto them. together they could purchase up to 200 tickets
— a very large amount in view of the limited quantity
available.

For those seniors who arrived early and found they
were buried in line. it was pathetic to hear Jeff Schneider
explain to them. “l’m sorry. There's nothing i can do."
He was right. he had already done more than enough.

—-Bruee G. Blumberg

Double standard

To the Editor:

Concerning President Reagan’s visit to Bitburg; we are
shocked that Mr. Reagan. who has done more for Israel
than most US. Presidents of the last ten years. ltas been
attacked with a viciousness and a self-righteous move
more beﬁtting an Assad or a Quaddafi.

lsracl being more dependent on the US. than vice-
versa. we would like to emphasize that biting the hand
which feeds you (and heavily at that) is a gratuitous and
dangerous exercise.

—-Thomas Relmer
—-John McCoy

Playoff posting

To the Editor:

On Saturday. April 27 the Division ll AMlA softball
playoffs were supposed to be announced.

i am on a team that went 4~l and expected to make the
playoffs. On that Saturday members of my team checked
the bttlletln board in campus center where the teatns mak~
ing the playoffs were supposed to be posted.

The teams were never posted. instead each team mak-
ing the playoffs was called. The teams expecting to make
it and didn't were left up in the air. They should have at
least posted the fact that they would call the playoff
teams.

i think the whole situation was ridiculous and l hope it

- will be corrected next year.

—A.-tso rtcd Cheeses.

A_ rebuttal

To the Editor:

i would like to address Howard Eissenstat’s letter en-
titled “Fact or Fallacy?" Eissenstat states that he has
never mistaken a powerdrill for a phallic symbol. nor
anything else except his phallus. Although i am sure that
all of his readers were pleased with such information. he
appears to be missing the point. Brian de Palma. director
of “Body Double." was certainly aware of both the
drill's' position and purpose. The obvious message con-
veyed to all attentive viewers was male domination
through sexuality — an all-encompassing power over
women via the penis (therefore any phallic symbol) —
capable of any and every imaginable form of manipula-
tion; a power which. in this film, was expressed through
murder. Eissenstat must not confuse ltis awareness and
intrepretation of a scene with what the maker'of the film
intended to present to thousands of viewers.

Eissenstat goes on to maintain that the discomfort one
might exercise while watching such a scene is sintply “one
of the costs of a free society.“ Here i would like to
disagree. Although ours is one of the better-developed
societies. it is far from being worthy ofsuclt a title. it is.
hopefully. ridiculously clear that there are still situations
existing within our society which seriously prevents many
peoples from experiencing “freedom” — Blacks, Jews,
Hispanics. women. the elderly just to name a few. These
hindering conditions. however, are inexcusable and
avoidable. Although the needed changes are diverse and
large in number (E.R.A.. true religious frecdont.
overhaul of societal attitudes. etc.). they are not unat-
tainable. We as a society do not and should not accept ex—
isting inequalities as being a price we have to pay for a
supposedly “free” society.

Finally. Eissenstat also discusses the issue of por-
nography and the effects it has on increasing the occur-
rence of rape. He cites a study performed in Denmark
which purports that the availability of porn has caused a
decrease in the number ofrapes in that country. it should
be noted that no single statistic is a conclusive statistic.
Denmark is not the US. and therefore a more scoping
and inclusive examination of its culture and society is
needed prior to the declaration of any conclusions.
Studies performed within the US. have shown that ex-
posure to porn has deﬁnitive. adverse effects on both'
male and female attitudes concerning appropriate
sentences for rape. the value of the Feminist movement.
and women's sexuality.

i am glad that Eissenstat considers rape to be a crime
that “isn’t something a guy can laugh off." Women.
however. must fight to convince the rest of his gender of
the same.

—Wendy L. Ccrvi

Non—letter

To the Editor:
This letter is written in response to Tuesday's article en-
titled “Albany's Fraternity Row" by Mike Dertnansky.
We are in non~disagrcemcnt with this article. i. Mary
Furlong. and my friend Michele Walls had a non-
discussion about this article and in light of the resurgence
of fraternities and sororities at SUNY Albany. we decided
not to get together and to form a non-sorority of our
own. i am the non-president of the unnamed sorority.
Michele is the non-president of the sorority. l have no
power in the unorganization. Our non-meetings are held
nowhere and at no particular time or place. Rush was last
night. No one came. No one was informed. We put up no
posters with our non-donations (We are a non-proﬁt.
non-organization). l sat in Humanities 232. and declared
in a non-resonant tone of voice to no one that i am the
non-president of this unorganized non-sorority. Michele
stood facing the corner of the SUNY bus circle and mere-
ly thought to herself that she is the non-president of the
non-sorority. There is no conﬂict of interest here because
I don't care and Michele doesn't care. We are lit agree-
ment in our non-agreement although we haven’t discuss-
ed the isue. Our National non~chapter has no interest in
our affairs. Our sweatshirts will be non-existent. Possibly
no letters on a white background. Perhaps ttot. We are
open to non-suggestions. We will be indifferent to them.
We are hot sending away for them soon so do be hasty
with your non-suggestions. if you don’t want to not join
our non-organization. don't call me. Don't call Michele.
Don't discuss your intentions with your friends. Just
declare yourself a non-member in any manner you wish.
Simply mentioning the new title to yourself should be suf-
ficient. Some may wish to be very unelaborate. This will
not be unacceptable. Our non-chapter does not have any
specific clause relating to this non-procedure. Our next
non-meeting will ttot be at the Rat. We will not be discussw
ing non-conformity at the non-meeting. in addition. we
will not be considering a non-wet tee-shirt contest at ottr
next non-party which will not be held on the podium on
May l6th. Hope not to see you there.
——Mury Furlong
——Mleln-,le Walls

2.

 

