16 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS El FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1', I985 - l - ‘

 

 

 

 

\

 

J

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

coir. as. 2., o o... 
[Indian Cilaitoalmgjo
, you'll "be history in the makin'

I

 

 

 

Fittire (minimum 4 of the following 7)

1. Long Johns 2. Ear Muffs or Scarf 3. Shorts 4. Tie
5. Jacket or Robe 6. Sneakers 7.6rgyie or Dress Sax

 

 

«0'

 

 

By Jeff Mailaber

“Wait and see’v' seems to be the catch
phrase for the Albany State women's track
and field team as the indoor season begins.

A number of problems face Coach Ron ,

White this season. the most» pressing of
which is the question of depth: From a
squad last yearof 26 members, thisyear's
team is down» to is. This disparity has
created a problem for White in the ﬁeld
events and the sprints. Still. there are
bright spots on the women's track horizon.

Said White, “We’re not as good a team

I as last year, as far as depth is concerned,

but the athletes are very enthusiastic and
willing to work hard." '

Hard work and enthusiasm may be just
what the track team needs to build a solid
team and a successful season.

The teamis led by a solid nucleus of
returning veterans from last year's second
place effort at the SUNYAC champion-
ships. Karen Kurthy. the school record
holder in the 1500 meters at 5:Ol.8 returns
this year. as does last year's top ’sprinter.
Anita Heath. '

White sees the strength of the team as
being the middle distance and the long
distance events and there are a 'number of
athletes on the team from last year and
from the cross country team that went to
the Nationals in 1984. Senior Erma George

' and juniors Bette Dzamba, Donna Bur-

nham, Chris Varley, and Lynn Jacobs are

FRIDA Y. FEBRUARY 1. I985 Cl ALBANY STUDENT PRESS  

all experienced competitors that figure to
provide the foundation of the team.
Sophomores _Maura Mahon, ~Kathleen
Sullivan. and Carla Dochariy also return
to round out the middle distance strength.
“Newcomers. like freshmen Rachel
Brasiow, Raseanne Smith. and Geni
Budow provide for a bright future for the
team as they continue to train and gain
experience. ' -

The girls have already run in a four-way
meet at Cortland on January 25. Several
nagging injuries meant tilat White couldn't
enter as many athletes as he would have
liked. Still, he says, “You don't put
pressure on athletes who aren’t ready;"

These injuries aggravated the pre-
existing depth problem and consequently
the team results left a great deal to be
desired. Cortland won the meet with a
score of “7 followed by Binghamton (77).
Alfred (33), and Albany (16). Still. there
were several bright performances turned
m -

place in the 5.000 meter run. Junior Bette
Dzamba placed second with a time of
19:02.2 which is her personal best.
When'asked, Dzamba said, “it was a
real stirprise." and added. “1 ran 18:34 in
cross country and l'd like to break that on
the track eventually." Junior Lynn
Jacobs, voted most valuable performer on
last year’s outdoor team, finished third in

Hockey club to play a pair

419 -

freshman Mike Mondieiio (seven points) and Pete Loskody. who leads the club in

assists with six.

The lady Danes took second and third ‘

i9:34.$. Chris Varley also scored in the
5,000 by placing sixth with a time of
2i:47.2.

Donn'a Burnham placed third in the
i,500‘meters with a time of S:05.6. When
asked about her performance, Burnham
said, “i run indoors mainly to get in shape
for the outdoor season so i was a little
surprised." ' .

Anita Heath ran'the 300 meters in 45.7
seconds to capture second place for the
Danes. White said of her performance, “i
thought it was an excellent first meet

SPORTS BRIEFS
Richburg

Albany State junior Diana Richburg.
the top point-getter among women in
the USA/Mobil indoor Track and Field
Grand Prix circuit. will be facing many
of the world's best runners in her next
three races to be held at as many sites
and as many distances.

The Lansingburg native, who runs for
the Gazelles Track Club. will begin the
tough stretch Saturday night when she
faces an 880-yard ﬁeld headlined by
Olympic MOO-meter champion Doina
Meiinte and her Rumanian teammate
Fita Lovin. in the Dallas Times-Herald
invitational. The meet will be televised
live by ESPN with the 880 scheduled to
begin at 8:35.

Upcoming events

The Albany State basketball team will

=; '  ’sindortra'ckIpromi‘sesbright spots

effort.“

Erma George, the team's only senior.
finished eighth in the 800 meters with a
time of 3:0i.

Karen Kurthy rounded out the Danes'
scoring with a fourth place ﬁnish in the
3,000 meters with a time of ii:37.3.

The women travel to Schenectady today
for the Union invitational. White said he
expects to enter a great number of athletes
this week than he did at Cortland. Still, he
intends to work out the injury problems
“slowly and cautiously." D

 

at i2:00 pm. when they host ithaca,
U.S.C.G., and Central Connecticut at
University Gym . . . The gymnastics
team travels to Brockport Saturday.
hoping to obtain its fourth straight win
. . . The men and women swimming and
diving teams travel to Cortland Satur-
day to lake.on the Red Dragons. . .The
Men's indoor track team takes on cross-
lown rival R.P.l. Saturday at “:00 am.
at the RP] fieldhouse.

Women swimmers

Though the Albany State women‘s
swimming team were knocked off Tues-
day night by Binghamton. virtually the
whole squad turned in personal best
efforts.

The most impressive time recorded
was by freshman Doreen Clark, who set
a University pool record with a time of
2131.9 in the 200 backstroke.

$4.50
without attire

"V

Eric K. Copland M H I

_ Attorney at Law

S 2 W ID
- with attire

A

Attention Human
Service Students and
Graduates

 JOB ANNOUNCEMENT u

Residential Opportunities. Inc. a private not for profit
corporation that operates camtunity residence ptograna for the

mentally retarded in the Capitol District Area. will open a new  Broadway! Albany!  
residence in the early stunner of l985. At present there are several - ‘

Part-Time maident Counselor positions available that will lead to  
full-time anployment in the early gunner. _ "‘

EXPERIENCE
§ inns
rouNrAlN

$2.50
with attire

W

Defensively,'co-captain Larry Hartman has anchored a group consisting of Mark hug: the Plansburgh Cardinals Saturday
Danskin and Billy Abrahms. ' night at $00 pm. at University Gym,

Protecting the goal, Jim Loskody has done a respectable job. boasting a 3.75 goals and the“ trave‘ to sudmore on Monday
against.  ' V , t . The\ women's basketball team
I in order to boosi the team‘s popularity among students and administrators. 'the "aver, to mica to take on um, Tech
Dane skaters will be running some promotions. Already slated is a March game versus . . . The Dane meme" win he going for
Mohawk Valley in which proceeds will be going to muscular dystrophy. Free buses to met,- nm consecutive win this Saturday
~ home games will alsobe announced in the futurgaccording to Essner. l‘.‘ . .

H “Mammal Service
will be held for-
EDWGRD

I KELLY

Carole Elie swam a personal best
2:3i.9 in the 200 freestyle and Kristin
Kitzmann nailed a personal high in the r
1,000 freestyle. .

Mary Baily qualified for the
.SUNYACs with her strong effort in the I l
.200 freestyle. ' -- ’

~ , ’ ‘ N
fsunva neon-tr.
TEAM
ANNOUNCES A GENERAL

INTEREST MEETING
FEESEDGWUEEEREEW S
f .

on i738@ um trusts "
mama-assumes

‘

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Practice Limited to
Immigration and Nationality Law
and Labor Certifications

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

would be responsible for working with the stat! of our agency in a ’7 ' "
tent approach to provide a wide range of services to our clients who i k
live in group hams. 'i‘heae services include activities of daily I
living, transportation, money transparent, and recreational services
as well as informal counseling, tanin liaaon ard work.
This position requires a partial 'live-in' caimittrnent (not "ore
than two nights a week) and a cannittment to the basic rights and
dignity of people with develcmental'dieabilitiea.

   

The Resident Counselor position is one in which the individual [35‘
\
/

 

‘
—

 

 

 

'ma Part-Time Resident Counselor position offers flexible , l

 

 

weekend and evening hours with roimburaanent at $4.00 an hour.  I
girl: mlﬁiiibiﬁtﬂ‘.’ ‘" "°“" “"° Wm“ °‘ ""3" “°“"“” CUISINE 1652  AVE' . o n  Li] @ § '

 

Residential Opportunities otter! a full-time starting salary oi'~
$10,250.00 to $10,800.00 per year as well as two week- 01 paid
vacation, 1! day: of tsiclt leave a year (with a sick leave buy back
plan), eight paid holiday: a year. and two day: or personal leave a
year. Additional fringe benefits include a l’ully paid health
insurance policy and a life insurance policy. Residential
Opportunities. Inc. provides an excellent in—service training
program that not only providers valuable education but: also provides
for the indidivual enployeo'e contian profusiqu growth and

.. advancanont. 'mie mitten is an excellent entry level position
into the liold. It provides our unployeea with valuable experience
and continued preparation for a camar- in hunan cervical. Many of
our errployeea are recent college graduates who will either advance
on with us or other hunan services agencies into nanaoemnt or
clinical support positions, or who after gaining practical
experience, will continue on with their education at: the grarhiato

‘TREE DELIVERY"
TO UPTOWN CAMPUS
7 DAYS A WEEK.
WEEKDAYS 7-10. WEEKENDS (>10.

Free Transportation

 

 

 
   
  
 
    

TUQ‘SdClY,‘ ‘ V THROUGH I
February   ‘INTERCOLLEGIATE / ~ * , ‘

COMPETITION YOU CAN
DEVELOP SKILLS IN SPEECH.

 

 

 

from
SUNY to [ADE FOUNTAIN

westernmost lastsessussrsstmsm Pieaas‘odcolirglttad Gt» 8  P m CRITICAL THINKING AND
rcaune tor ' I I . ' [I
Executive Maiatant  0f 

Residential wportunitien. Inc.
73 Coronas atmt

- . DECISION MAKING ; ’
..' ‘ m“, m Wk "0" n Watch out Feb. Nth-17th for - '
at unity layer. H V, H  I ‘  ‘ . g ‘ ~ I I I I ‘ CHINESENILW rmnsspacgrsurrsz _    H J H FOR FURTHER. INFO CELL.

Ballroom * JOHN MﬁRKOUS - 457-5228

\I ,,.S.A.l‘utldeti   _  H , 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' sun) Funded

 

\c J

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

( i ,
. . _ v

 

