 

§
§

ayes are living creatures," says
Tom Morey, who in [971 in-
vented the bodyboard, a belly-
ridden. soft-foam, undersized surfboard.
it was a simple invention. but revolu-
tionary in its impact. Several thousand
bodyboards (Boogie Board is Morey's
trademarked name) have already been
sold and their number will grow radi-
cally this summer. if waves r *ally are liv-
ing creatures. Morey's little surf sled in-
vention gives humankind a means to
share the thrills of their short, power—
charged lives.

liodyboards have many cool attributes.
They are inexpensive (about 330-865) yet
durable, since their closed-cell foam

 

fuselages absorb shock. 'l‘hey're ‘asier to
ride th:ut surfboards, just as it‘s easier to
ride a sled than to master skiing. ’l‘heir
buoyancy also lets you stay longer in the
water withotlt tiring, which is just as
handy in pools, lakes and rivers as it is in
ore. is.

And, While dyed~in~the»wetsuit surfers
consider bodyhoarders an inferior' life
form, riders on the small hoards can
perform on smaller waves and execute
tricks unattainable on a big, hard, stan-
dard board.

For example, waves that br‘ak in a
sweetly symmetrical tube shape are
prized ——hence the slang term “tubular”
for anything that's terrific. But a small

 

BY BYRON LAUHSEN

 

“Wot-“w

a“;

tube would knock a surfer overboard.
No sweat for the bodybottrder, though.
who rides prone through the moving,
enclosed shape of the tube. that highly
desirable piece of oceanic real estate
called “the green room." Bodyboards
also handle “close-outs," waves breaking
directly at the shore line, better than
surfboards and. in their flexibilty. con-
form to wave shapes more readily than
the big boards as well.

How to Ride

A good pair of swimfins ($25-$30) is
just about essential. Stan by wading out.
then lie belly down on the board and
kick your fins while stroking alongside
the board with your arms. Don't try to
muscle through the oncoming waves:
duck your head and the tip of your
board beneath the “soup” of approach-
ing foam and you'll bob up after the
wave's main force has past. This is called
"bowing to the great Kahuna."

When you're out past the break, point
your board at the shoreline while keep-
ing an eye out seaward, watching for the
roll of a building wave. As it nears, pad-
dle lustily. Try to position yourself on
the crest of the wave just as it breaks.
This will take practice: you must learn to
"read" the waves and their tendencies.
but you'll catch on quickly.

When you've caught a wave, grasp
both edges of the hodyboard (this is
called grabbing the rails) and use your
weight to steer acro the face of the
wave. away from the breaking crest. Con~
gratulationsi You are now riding a mov-
ing mountain of water. harnessing wave

   

 

   
        

 
  
 

energy for the peaceful production of
thrills. if a wave is really a living crea-
ture, you have just participated in its life
force.

Tor bodyboarders who master their
skills, who are familiars of the green
room and can execute an “El Rollo“ with
*ase, there's the opportunity to partici-
pate in a growing number of competi-
tions. The Morey Boogie Board Com
pany sponsored a Hawaii event this past
December in which $12,500 in prize
money “ms at stake.

 

 

 

 

 

TO
STRIP DOWN

B Y DAVID GRO VES

ummer is the Season of truth

for your figure. Today‘s swim-

suits, men's included, leave

less to the imagination than

ever before, and if your body's
not up to the challenge, it can indeed be
Rodney Dangerfield time — downright
embarrassing. That is why you must start
early — by spring at the very latest — to
shape up for summer.

Here are two excellent approaches to
summer shaping up, whatever the season:
aerobic exercising, and calisthenim. Aero-
bic exercise is the big calorie burner. if
your primary concern is shedding fat, con-
centrate on aerobics first. However, if you
mostly want just to look ﬁrmer and more

Above and loft: Scenes from last
winter's pro bodyboard competition
in Hawaii. You don't need waves thlo
huge, but they're fantastic when you
can get 'om. Note how the riders cut
across the face of their waves, away
from the breaking edge.

 

 

well deﬁned. try atlisthenics. For the am-
bitious, a program that includes both aerCr
bic and calisthenic exercises will give you
the best of both worlds.

Aerobic exercise is any exercise that
gets your heart working at 65 to 85 per-
cent of capacity for 30 to 40 minutes with-
out stopping. The most popular aerobic
exercises include jogging, cycling, swim-
ming, aerobic dance and rope jumping.
The most important thing in aerobic: is to
be patient; trying to get into shape too fast
is the surest my to get injured, which in
turn is a sure way to gain weight.

Calisthenics will isolate different muscle
groups and work them individually (the
best way to attack problem areas), but
wont require any equipment or special in-
structions. '

if your primary areas of concern are
your hips, thighs. and buttocks, these calls-
thenic exercises are the best bets. Do just a
few repetitions at first, gradually building
your endurance.
OBent-ouer leg raise. From a standing posi-
tion, bend over at the mist. Touch your
hands to the ﬂoor and try to keep your
legs straight. From that position, lift your
left leg backward and upward as far as pos-
sible without rotating your hip or knee.
Repeat with right leg.

Osrandlng leg circle. From a standing pt}
sition, bend over at the vtaist and hold
onto a chair, bar or pole. Lift your left leg
backward and upward, keeping it straight
throughout the movement. Rotate your
upraised leg in a wide circular motion. Re-
peat with right leg.

OSIep-up. Climbing activities are great for
ﬁrming up the buttocks and thighs. When-
ever possible, shun elettitors and take
stairs instead. Climbing opportunities are
all around — not only stairs but also
bleachers and stepladders.

if your abdomen is a persistent trouble
spot, the following oilisthenic exercises
would be most effective:

OSiI-up. Most people love been taught the
full sit-up, which. it has recently been dis-
covered, makes for sore backs. ’lly instead
the bent-knee "abdomirrtl curl" sit-up,
which involves only lifting your torso a
few inches of? the floor instead of actually
touching your elbows to your knees.

Okeuerse sir-up. Lie on your back with
both legs straight, arms at sides. Raise your
legs and pelvis up and over until your

   

 

 

 

knees are above your chest. Lower slowly,
bending your knees, until your pelvis and
the soles of your feet are flat on the floor.

CReuerse Think 7108!. This is the very best
mlisthenic exercise for ﬁrm abdomiml
muscles. Lie on your bad: with your knew
bent, your feet of? floor with thighs vertical
and arms straight out at sides. Keeping
your knew together, slowly lower them to
one side while keeping your shoulders

t

 

 

flat on floor. Go as far as possible without
straining your back, then mise knees back
to center and lower to other side. Move
slowly and be cautious with your lower
back.

Once you get in shape for summer,
though, dont stop. Make exercise a pan of
your life throughout the school year. After
all, a fit body is worth having any time of
year.

  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
  

