 

 

 

‘ «wearmwwuvamwa ..

r, .mvai; .. . 

 

 

 

emember those McDonald’s commercials on TV a few years ago in which

Ronald is touring the hamburger patches with Mayor McCheese, and the

hamburgers are sort of like ﬂowers (they are growing on plants) and are
singing and humming quite merrily? l'm not exactly sure of the intent of the
advertising firm that did this ad, but its message seems to be that hamburgers or
any type of meat is grown without pain, and that murder has not been
committed to produce the burgers, and also that they are happy that they will be

harvested to be eaten.

Realistically, if there were truth in advertising,
Ronald McDonald would be walking through a
slaughterhouse watching overcrowded steers
screaming in pain, as there is no room for them to
move or even lay down. Then he would watch as
they are killed and, depending upon the particular
slaughterhouse, the animal would either be shot in
the head or killed with an injection (unless it were
killed in the kosher fashion, in which a very sharp
knife is used to cut the throat). The corpse of the
animal then would be hung upside down and sent to
another room to be skinned and bled. Finally, the
animal would be cut up and shipped to an animal
processing plant where the McDonald's hamburgers
are made. And, l doubt that Ronald would be so
jovial in this commercial. Witnessing animal
slaughter would probably make him nauseous (it has
been said that it takes years for workers at animal
factories to get used to these sights), and the smell
would certainly make him lose his appetite.

Ironically, the actor who originally played Ronald
McDonald has become a vegetarian and no longer
does the commercials.

in the song “Meat is Murder" by the Smiths, Mor-
rissey, the lead singer sings:

Heifer whines could be human cries

closer comes the screaming knife

this beautiful creature must die . . .

a death for no reason is MURDER

and the ﬂesh you so fancin fry

is not succulent tasty or nice

. . . and the calf you carve with a smile is
MURDER

and the turkey you festiver slice is MURDER

do you know how animals die

kitchen aromas aren't very homely

it's not comforting, cheery or kind

it's sizzling blood and the unholy stench of
MURDER

it's not natural normal or kind

the flesh you so fancifully fry

the meat in your mouth

as you savor the flavour of MURDER

. . . who hears when animals cry't

Obviously, this song is advocating abstention
from eating meat, but various critics such as Wayne
Robins of Newsday have labelled it as an "Anti-
hamburger" song; it has also been called a song that
advocates animals rights by other critics.

Why is there a reluctancy within the general

' public to consider the horror of the fact that an

animal must be killed to create the meat, poultry
and fish that we buy in the supermarkets? How can
people not consider that a hamburger is, in actuality,
ground up animal flesh? The answer probably ap-
proacha this: that people don’t want to think about
it. As one person has said to me, “lt's not a priority."

Even among some vegetarians this is not an issue.
Vegetarians choose to abstain from eating meat for a
variety of reasons. Among them are health reasons,
ecological reasons, religious reasons, moral reasons,
and also because they don't like the taste of meat.
Usually, several of these reasons overlap.

Among the health related reasons to adopt
vegetarianism into one's diet is that meat is high in
fat, and studies have shown that consumption of
meat, chicken and fish can lead to heart disease. Peo-
ple may be surprised by the inclusion of chicken and
fish as a contributing factor to heart disease, since it
is advocated as an alternative to eating red meat and
pork, but it is only a lesser evil, so to speak. Since
animals are on the top of the food chain, flesh is
much more contaminated with various environmen-
tal poisons than are plants. Doctors also assert that
diets high in fiber and low in fat reduce the risk of
cancer threefold. That diet can be found in a
vegetarian lifestyle.

Eating meat can be a direct cause of death,
though. In 1983, 18 people were hospitalized after
eating hamburgers from cattle raised on antibiotics;
one person'died. Antibiotics are added to animal
feed to prevent the animals from getting ill, since
they easily lose their immunity when taken from the
pastures and placed in the animal factories or
warehouses that overcrowd them.

An interesting and very little known fact is that
over 1,300 tons of antibiotics, nearly half of the U5.
production. and a market worth over $250 million,
go to feed meat animals each year. According to Dr.
Scott Holmberg of the Center for Disease control,

"antibiotic resistant bacterium can actually make its
way from the barnyard to the dinner table."

According to the book Animal Factories, by Jim
Mason and Peter Singer. “Nearly 90 percent of U.S.
cattle are reared on Synovex, Ralgro and other
growth hormones whose cancervcausing effects are
not yet known." in Puerto Rico, Singer and Mason
point out, very young children have developed
“freakishly mature sexual organs which their doctors
believe to be caused by residues of hormones used
to stimulate growth in cattle and poultry."

 

till

i!
2
,I

i
?

Ecologically, the amount of grain used to sustain
an animal destined for slaughter is incredible. 91

I percent of the corn grown in the US. is destined to
‘ become animal feed. it these grains were fed to

humans directly, then much less land would be
wasted, and more food would be produced. Also, it
takes 20 grams of plant protein to make one gram of
cattle protein, therefore one can consider that when
one eats a steak, one eats for twenty.

Moreover, bemuse the animals are given an-
tibiotics and hormones, the waste products of these
animals are very toxic. Anyone living near or work-
ing at a factory that kills chickens can attest to the
smell that permeates for miles around. Also, disposal
of this waste has become a major public health pro-
blem. For example, on eastern Long Island a few
years ago, wells were being contaminated by toxic
wastes from duck farms. and the water supply was
threatened with total contamination in eastern Suf-
folk County. Only after strict guidelines were
drawn up regarding disposal of this waste did the
situation ease somewhat.

Many groups adhere to vegetarianism for
religious reasons. Seventh Day Adventists, Hindus,
Buddhists, and various Orthodox Jewish sects ad-
vocate 'vegetarianism as a commandment of God.
Hindus advocate a "karma-free" diet.

Professor Avraham Amir, the Director of General
Studies at Ben Gurion University of the Negev, and
a recognized Talmudic scholar and authority on
Jewish law has cited a legal ruling by Rabbi Aklba in
the Talmud. Rabbi Akiba stated that a vicious ox
that gorged a man could not be executed prior to be-
ing judged by 23 judges, the same amount needed to
judge a human being for capital offenses. Professor
Amir noted that no judges heard the case against a
calf slaughtered for human consumption. He also
noted Psalm 145 that states, “He opens His hand and
provides for all living things." This Psalm, according
to Professor Amir, is recited three times daily in
order that humans be cognizant of their relationship
with the entire universe, and indicates the need for
humans to spiritually rise by the cessation of animal
slaughter.

The moral reason to pursue vegetarianism in~
dudes all of the aforementioned, but also includes
stopping all cruelty to animals. The anti-
vivisectionist movement, which is very strong in
England and growing here, advocates not only
vegetarianism, but also the liberation of animals
from human domination and slavery.

 

The average meat eate consumes 15 cattle, 880

animal
experimentatio consists of ‘
ul, costly, and '
ms of

i by Ken Dombaum

 

The anti-vivisectionists point out that products
such as shampoo, make , and medicines increase
the toll of animals cons rd by each person. Also.
between 60 and 100 mill‘ n animals are sacrificed
each year in the laboratoru, and the bulk of animal
experimentation consists of duplicative, painful,
costly, and unnecesary forms of research. Among
these studies are a $1,000, 00 study on the mother
love of monkeys and apes. n a series of experiments
at the University of Wisconsin, dozens of baby
chimpanzees were taken av ay from their mothers at
birth and kept isolated n bare, wire cages for
periods of five to eight years. While in solitary con-

. finement, their behavior w. 5 observed through one

way glass. The conclusion was that animals so con~
fined developed stereotypical, compulsive
behaviors, such as clasping heir heads in their hands

 

  
   

ea ' »
andmckingorchewingthemselvesrawf ,

A group called the United Action for Ammals‘ " has
documented thousands of experiments such a one
atzKansas State University where beagles and mixed
breed dog were force fed ethylene glycol to
demonstrate the effects of 'anti~freeze ’ ‘
Predictably, the dog suffered loss of coordination,
vomiting. de‘prem‘on .of the nervous system,
Weakness, paralysis and convulsions before dying
within 8—40 hours. '

Also, for a master's thesis, two University of
Texas researchers and a PhD watched the effects of
oil and kerosene admnistered to 31 tables and one
steer by stomach tube. According to this group, the
animals suffered painful deaths preceeded by severe
vomiting, pneumonia. bloated stomachs, chest in-
flamation, muscle spasms, depression and
respiratory distress.

Experiments such as these are very common and
are big business. In fact, the animal experimentation
(or as they call it "animal research") business has its
own magazine called Lab Animal. Among the
advertisements of products in the magazine is one
for a rodent guillotine. it reads, “Instantly
‘ stainless steel

, decapitates rats and mice. Long lasting

blades. Bench mountable. Completely washable
....”Thereis alsoanadforbeaglestobesold to
laboratories that says, “We’re different because . . .
we‘re puppy petters. (Our company). . . employs a
dedicated team of 12 puppy petters who train our
dogs to be docile during lV's, EKG’s, and other pro-
cedures, making these procedures easier to

perform. ,

it is argued that these animals are being sacrificed
to make human life better, to find cures for such
diseases as cancer. etc. However, a majority of these
experiments are used to create new antibiotics for
feed animals. Moreover, many of these experiments
are cruel and can be avoided, such as the Draize tests
for cosmetics which blinded rabbits. After a massive
public outcry a new method of testing cosmetics
was developed (without using animalst), and the
Draize test was abolished.

Another example of useless tests is the LD. 50
Test (Lethal Dose 50 percent test). The LD. 50,
which killed five million dogs, cats, monkeys, and
other animals last year, is the amount of a toxic
substance that will, in a single dose, kill half a group
of test animals. This test is not required by the FDA,
and non-animal experiments, such as cell and tissue
culture experiments, and computer modeling can be

 

 
    

used instead. '*

The LD. 50 is crude and imprecise, according to
the  rights organization PETA (People for the
Ethical Treatment ‘of' Aimals). The test substance,
which may be a weedkiller, oven cleaner, cosmetic,
or food additive. is forced into the animals stomach
by tube, sometimes through a whole cut in the
throat. On ocmssion, this causes death by rupture of
the sheer bulk of the chemical dosage. Sometimes,
the substance being tested is injected or applied to
the eyes, rectum or vagina, or inhaled through a gas
mask. To avoid interference with results, lab person-
nel do not administer painkillers.

In England. a group known as the Animal Libera-

’ tion Front has been raiding laboatories and setting

animals free. They have also used violent tactics to
prevent the slaughter of animals. such as bombing
butcher shops,‘and even bombing the corporate
headquarters of the largest animal research
laboratory in England. There have been some raids
on animal laboratories in United States, but as of yet
there have been no bombings. it is of note that the
ALF in England has only destroyed buildings and
property, but has not caused injury to anyone. Most
animal rightsgroups in the U5. promote public
education as a tactic to stop vivisection.

Many people will argue that animal experimenta-
tion is necessary, and also that humans are natural
meat eaters. Neither is particularly true. The fight
against cancer has taken over 30 years, for example,
and still there is no cure. PETA has estimated that
since 1955 almost one billion animals have been kill-
ed in cancer research. Of course, there have been ad-
vancements towards prevention of cancer, but they
are based more on common sense than anything
else. Diet, smoking, and environment are large con-
tributing causes of cancer, and only now has it been
advised to modify the above conditions to prevent
cancer.

Moreover, humans are not natural carnivores.
Cats, which are natural carnivores, have sharp teeth
and claws to help tear up the meat, and very short
digestive tracts to help the cat avoid digesting toxic
substances. Humans, on the other hand, have very
long digestive tracts. and it is estimated that five
pounds of rotting animal flesh will be situated in the
average meat eater by the age of 50.

Common questions asked of vegetarians are:
What do you eat? Where do you get your protein?
According to a pamphlet put out by the National
Meat Council, vegetarian food is quite bland and
non-nutritious, and vegetarians are always in ill
health. Recently, in Cosmopolitan, a famous nutri-
tionist said that he has never seen a healthy

,vegetarian. Obviously, he has never met many

vegetarians.
I Vegetarians eat a great variety of food, and since
there are sornany styles of vegetarianism. there is a
great variety in what a vegetarian docs and does not
eat. The range is from pescovegetarians who eat
fish, to fruitarians who eat only fruits and anything
that does not kill a plant. .
Contrary - to popular belief, protein deficiency

 

among vegetarians is not much of a problem since
most vegetarians are pretty up to date about nutri-
tion and also more aware of diet. Moreover, plant
protein is excellent protein and very easy to intake.
Even if a person does not use dairy products, attain-
ing such vitamins as 812 is relatively simple. Sea
vegetables such as nori, hiziki, and Wakabe which
are staples of Japanese diet are extremely high in
812. Also, there are vegetarian vitamins.

Among the dishes one would see at a vegetarian
restaurant are vegetarian chile, nori maki
(Vegetarian sushi), tofu burgers, and all sorts of
stews, soups, breads. etc. The possibilities are
endless. Vegetarianism can be inconvenient if so-
meone lets it. There are not fast food veggie
restaurants, and eating at the Rathskellar is not an
easy task.

Becoming a vegetarian is also not as difficult as
people imagine. Most vegetarians do not miss such
"delicacies" as Whoppers and Chicken Wings. Some
methods of discarding meat from one’s diet include
doing it in stages, or just plain cold turkey.

There are over ten million vegetarians in the
United States and hundreds of vegetarian
restaurants. Among the more famous vegetarians in-
clude Patti Reagan Davis, William Shatner, Todd
Rundgren, Joe Strummer of the Clash, Annie Len-
nox, Michael Jackson, Paul McCartney, Darryl Han-
nah, Dick Gregory, Cloris Leachman, and many
others.

Of course, no one is perfect: some vegetarians still
wear leather shoes or jackets, or occassionally eat
something with animal lard, such as Oreo‘s, for ex-
ample. However, in this culture it is not easy to
avoid animal products totally. Any attempt, though,
does save animals. [3

 

 

