Editor ’5 Note

elcome back to a new school year and to

the NEW (llil[)L'IZ\‘tlll(/l You may notice

some changes: more articles on cantpus

issues and lifestyle, and even campus
er: '.es, to keep you informed. liut we haven't for-
gotten that students like to have ftm too.

We'll soon be bringing you Ampemumlic College
Ifu/ermimmwl Guide to give you the latest up
dates on movies. music. television. your favorite
comedians and the new action iit games.

This year xtnI/uvsmnl wants to publish as many
articles as possible by student journalists if you
think you have the write stull‘. send samples of yotlr
work and your story ideas to me at 303 N. Glen«
oaks lil.. Suite 600. Burbank. California. 91502.

(iood luck in the coming scltool year!

Charlotte Wolter
Editor

6 o CAMPUS ACTIVISM

illurclwrs were on Ibe move (as! spring, from [fox-
Ion Io Lox Ange/ex and a! mmrypoiuls in between.
Come Ibis/Elli. will [hey be going hue/e on [be pick-e!
line “er5! back to class? Hy Marc Cooper.

8 0 HOW MUCH IS THAT PC IN THE WINDOW?

A comp/ale shopping guide jbr the bur/gent»:-
.x'cr‘oux sImIeuI who is considering that big step into
computer viewership. Hy Winn Roscb.

12 o TAME THAT TUNE; NAME THAT KNOB

xl quick- primer jor [base it'itb low grades in biji. By
[id Iioll.

14 o FOOTBALL FASHIONS: STADIUM CHIC
(Show on l/Jt‘ borne leom and keep worm with

I'I‘IIIINIIHI Alruutlri Ailt'llutll Fltllnit lNi IIIH tlnilnm- \“Illt'l AMI-'AIIH: ItIMM ltlII
' i ll

misiANt IU illFl'IllIlhllFlINauu M lunesAMHIli‘th.till
- N sin-s mm m- IIultIIn Mtt *
*. - i)t l‘lli.('ll
(M. )M.
Illi\l IUI'MI'NI Ntllltl) At t‘
mu inn t tlitnnu tlll' «tum )ral Annual illl“\ll||1ll|l|l.ll.‘l\ It» In uttlr. sultsttllttiullx a.
Ullltrs “H N tilnltxllts Ill . \Hilt‘ hill. lllillulilt. ('A. ‘ll‘nlu (KIN) NIH lftoo

ii-m-ui-t-mmr Illeplttpelh nt uu- puhlhlnt u

 IVS/DE

[bese smashineg good looks in [he stands. By Lesa
Sawalmm.

16 o CAMPUS KICKS

I-‘oollmgqiug: i! 's (m oddball new craze that 's Icicle-
mg around Ion (y' etnnpuses [his fall h‘y Nancy
.II._/oue.\‘.

OUR COVER

.I'Imt [fa/email captured Ibejired up slmlem pro-
lexlora in block and tl‘bile for the Stanford Daily,
and Dick Dottws hand-rim I n prim of the 51:01.
The multicolored, [)/.\'L‘/th‘(1b(lrll'llS concocted by
Tim AI! and Ken lift-11o a! Digilal Art in Los Ange/ex.
I ’lmlogmpber_/oin1 Lock-wood CI'L‘UIUd a glamour-
oils shot ofour sit/173' cow! and still/omit! lime Io
mic/.7 [be [lucky Sock in mid-Immtce,

it»... lone» Mil nmi-tzion Mull) Killian tiliitllllilltm \Itl'lthUk "tl‘alilil' tartan
ulir mun ',IIXIH(H1)6%0‘!NV|VNAIIUNAI.M. sit MAKKI. Ni; Lam
mu». Ill . sum- (on, Itinlnnk. (:A. visit: ' ' .

MHM
'\ III'I’ MJIIIH I 'loulu'y

, it rot I| lslNhsh
m it an». PublisherassumesIIIIu-sllntstlulli)lulunwlttltrill "mum l'tIhlhht-tl
oltlulturtvlililillrsi.Manila/~1me Alan um... Lutnmttntt.tllolh. Illt ,totporaie

From the “College Life

is ilell “Cpl.” comes

news that Saturday

morning iiugs bunny

cartoons were watched

In 8.1”“ of stttdents sur-

veyed by a Radford ll.

business prof. Roadrun-

3? tier was close behind.

)olty Don :I tlisltlnl lllll‘tl.
0

[mm those radical kids! Asked to
natne their heroes. ll. of Wisconsin
Madison students picked their par

ents. Mom got six titnes the votes of

any other heroine. and Dad got twice
the votes of the runner up. Jesus
Christ. Mother Theresa and Jane
Fonda tied for second among hero-
ines.
0

when Colorado State raised its tu-
ition. students didn‘t wave placards.
‘i‘hey protested by handing out appli-
cations lo schools that have lower tu-
itions than (ISU.

0

We are the world. we are the stu-
dents. Student Public interest Re-
search Groups, a Ralph Nader spin-
oll‘. spent the summer gearing up for
fundraising and hunger awareness
programs at campuses across the

country this fall. (C(iiiItlt‘UtiCl Ario at
()l7t-i35-i7‘)6 or Beth DeGrasse at
2025469707 if you want to get in-
volvetl.)

0
On a more serious note. it was at
the same ‘antpus last semester that
students held a spoof “Fashions For
The Nuclear Age" featuring "De
signer lio‘dy liags."

0
Want to get your parents off your
back? Send them to college. The lat‘
est trend in campus orientation pro‘
grams is to bring in the parents. They
get the usual tours and pep talks. but
the most popular topics. organizers

y are careers. postgrad work and

"My kid is maioring in WHAT?"

Beware of Greeks. At Oklahoma
11., Virginia Tech. the U. of Florida
and elsewhere. officials worried
about alcohol-related accidents at or
after rush parties. have imposed "dry
rush" rttles. ’l‘exas Tech and Kappa
Alpha Theta face a $10,000 lawsuit
from two students who claim they
were expelled from the sorority
amid rumors they were lesbians Fra-
ternities at Dartmouth. Michigan
Stat ‘ and the U. of Kansas were sus
pended for having excesses.
o

On the other hand. Phi Gamma
Delta at U. of Pittsburgh organized
BADI) (Brothers Against Drttnk
Driving) and took its tnessage to lo
cal high schools.

 

 

Jane Fonda, runner-up to Mom.

Accuracy In Media, a conserva-
tive group watchdogglng the media,
now wants to use students to monitor
the classroom lectures of liberal pro-
fessors. So far the most vocal objec-
tions are coming from conservative
profs, who see the effort as chilling
free speech.

0
Speaking of speech. business ex-
ecutives are flocking back to campus
to learn foreign languages as tnore
companies look to international mar»
kets. Why? Ask Pepsi. which took its
slogan. "Come Alive With Pepsi" to
China and wound up with. “Pepsi
Brings Your Ancestors Back From
The Grave." And they think its
crowded there now

 

ILlUSIRAIIUN UV ED NEINS

0n the racing circuit. look for
cockroaches with red dots on their
bucks at Western Kentucky U. They
are the winners of the school's Run
For The Roaches Derby. The red
dots are to safeguard the noble c0m~
petitors from shoes aimed at com.
mon roaches.

0
Yes. college does prepare you for
r at] life. Michigan State researchers
found that college students go
through occupational burnout (usu-
ally dttring the senior year and grad
school). lust like the syndrome em»
ployees experience on the job in the
real world..

0
’l'hediplontacomeswithawarran-
ty at Mississippi [1. for Women.
Grads who can't perform up to ex-
pectations on their first job can re-
turn for ntore courses at no cost. Atty
Football Factories willing to make
the same offer?

()L‘IUIMH‘ I985

 

