 

8 Aspects on Tuesday

 

 

December 10, 1985

Gossett: An actor and a gentleman

"We are the world, we are the
children.

We are the ones who make a
brighter day . . .

. . . There’s a choice we’re making.

We’re saving our own lives.

it’s true we make a brighter day,

Just you and me."

and Lionel Richie. The ideas are

'universal. Louis Gossett Jr., the
Academy Award winning actor and star of
the soon-to-be-released Enemy Mine,
believes coming together can make the
world a better place.

T he words belong to Michael Jackson

 

Ian Spelling

People, children in particular, learn from
and react to television, movies, and music.
As an actor, Gossett chooses roles which
accentuate relationships, the hopeful,
which cause people to think, and offer
suitable role models. He feels humans
shouldn’t hurt their own kind, shouldn't
watch their brothers die. For Gossett,
understanding is the key, that first ray of
hope before the sun shines through in all its
brilliance.

His latest film, Enemy Mine, brings
several of Gossett’s deeply felt beliefs to
the screen. He plays Jeriba Shigan, a Drac
from the planet Dracon. Dennis Quaid is
Davidge, an earthling. The story takes
place a hundred years in the future, when
Dracs and humans are entrenched in a bit-
ter war. Both Jeriba and Davidge wind up‘
on Fyrine iv, a less than hospitable planet,
shared by carnivores. in this hostile en-
vironment the sworn enemies overcome
their mutual hatred to form an un-
breakable bond of honor and friendship.
They learn each other’s language, share
their heritage, and together, battle the
elements. Soon, Jeriba, a hermaphrodite,
gives birth, which leads to a severe test of
the new-found relationship.

Gossett is at the Westbury Hotel in
Manhattan to publicize Enemy Mine. He
sits erect at a table wearing brown leather
pants, a cream-colored turtle neck sweater,
and a brown jacket. He laughs often as he
talks, taking an occasional puff of a Natural
cigarette between sentences. Gossett
speaks softly for a man as large as he, using
hushed tones for emphasis rather than rais~
ing his voice.

As Jeriba, Gossett wore a fairly grotes-
que mask, and, at first, a full body suit. The
film initially began production in Iceland
under the direction of Richard Longtrain,
who was subsequently replaced by
Wolfgang (Das Boat) Peterson. "1 had to
use full body make-up which took seven
and a half hours (to apply) everyday,"
Gossett says. "That's prohibitive for
schedules because l can't get make-up on at
3:00 and get ready for 10:30 and then
work until 7:30 or 8:30 at night.
That's . . . that’s death."

When the production moved to Ger-
many, with Peterson at the helm, "the
mask was refined by the same make-up
people (chiefly Chris Walas who created
the creatures in Gremlins), So 1 didn't have
to wear the full (body) suit, except for the
scene where l'm swimming," recalls
Gossett. "(The mask) was three pieces of
tissue paper thin latex glued to my face so
that my facial muscles and the muscles in
lllt‘ face of the Drac were the same. So I
just lidtl to practice in a mirror how much
expression l had to use for the subtle
expressions of the Drac."

To perfect the Drac's physical motions
Gossett visited a nearby zoo several times
with a mime, a dancer, an athelete, and a
linguist one month before shooting. "We
studied the lizards, the snakes, the Wildcats,
the giraffe, the kangaroo, with the pouch,
dogs and cats, and for when the Drac was
kind of aesthetic and praying, a little bit of
Stevie Wonder,” Gossett jokes, bobbing
back and forth in his best Wonder
imitation.

The scene in which Jeriba gives birth

 

 

 

provided Gossett a fascinating screen mo-
ment, but one with little precedent. "i don’t
think l’m going to try bearing a child,”
Gossett says, smiling broadly at the
thought, “but i wanted to do that (on
screen). it was a cinematic first for a male
actor to give birth to a child. "There was a
great deal of challenge submerging my en-
tire self behind make-up. In order for it to
be successful i would have to submerge my
type of personality, and be secondary to
the Drac’s personality, the philosophies of
which are not un-earth like. We are all
born with telling the truth and we’re all
born with spiritualism we get from the
church, and our home, and our family. But
as we grow we have layers in between
that.”

Enemy Mine attempts. to examine the
space within those layers. As a man, as an
actor, Gossett does too. Discussing the
Drac’s mental make-up, he speaks seriously
and quietly, at times almost inaudibly.
“Dennis Quaid says, in a joke, 'lf at first
you don’t succeed try again.’ Now, he says
that as a joke, but it’s my religion." Gossett
whispers, "and we’ve lived like that for

Louls Gossett, Jr. (tail) and Dennis Quaid (right) In nemy Mln

 

  

a.
with his earning the Foley role in_ Ofﬁcer
and a Gentleman. "They didn't ask any
black actors to come up for the role. I just
went up and really knocked on their door
and said ’Hey, how come you don’t have
any black actors up for the part’i' and they
said 'You’ve got the part.’ ” he recalls.

Though Hollywood still considers
Gossett a “black” actor, he is pleased his
receiving parts‘in Enemy Mine and the
recently completed Iron Eagle didn’t de-
pend on the pigment of his skin. in fact,
Gossett chose to make his Iron Eagle
character ethnic "because his name is Chap-
py, and Chappy James was one of the first
black Generals in the Air Force. It's not the
same man,” Gossett explains, "but he’s
symbolic of the same man. His relationship
with the kid (Jason Gedrick), who is seven-
teen, is not unlike the relationshipof the
Sergeant and Richard Gere, but not so
harsh. There's a father and son image. it's a
great realtionship and also another great
message for young people.”

"The relationship is more important. than
the special effects in Enemy Mine, and the
message is important. Enemies, people

"I’d rather fail doing something difﬁcult than succeed doing
something that would be too easy. "

centuries. it's a simplistic but much more
spiritual and much more advanced civiliza-
tion than the earth's. l had to get rid of
those layers, and start from scratch, even
philosophically. it was like walking a
tightrope,"

“Having a month and a half of trial and
error, making mistakes before the film
started and coming up with the elements of
the Drac, that i hope worked, was the
hardest thing I’ve ever had to do, physical-
ly. From the mime, the dancer, I learned
how to squat flat-footed on the ground
with my weight back on my heels for long
periods of time -— like it's comfortable. it
was a tall order, but l took it because l’d
rather fail doing something difficult than
succeed doing something that would be
too easy.”

Gossett certainly succeeded in his role as
Sergeant Foley, the very tough drill
master who made Richard Cere a man in
An Officer and a Gentleman. Gossett
walked away with a Best Supporting Actor
Oscar, but the award changed neither his
personal nor professional life. "it hasn't, for
many..rcasons, i think. The sky didn’t fall
in. i couldn’t buy half of Utah like Robert
Redford,” he notes with a jealous laugh. “i
can‘t write my own ticket as of yet. l‘m
kind of disappointed in that. it can lead to a
very strong frustration and bitterness, but I
like to be kind to myself and count my
blessings. I do have a wonderful house, and
a wonderful son, two, and I do get good
quality parts. i think the rest of it is up to
me. l’d rather it be up to me than the
industry."

Much was made of the fact that
Gossett's being black had nothing to do

 

—Louis Gossett, Jr.

who are dissimilar, driving their enmity for
common survival."

Gossett’s acting talent blossomed on the
stages of New York's theatres. From
countless plays he jumped to television and
finally to film. "If you do good theatre you
can always do theatre, you can always do
television, you can always do film. It’s
easier,” Gossett insists. "It's like stretching
your instrument. That's what you do on
stage. That’s the path to features. I did
original television in New York, along
with Paul Newman, Ben Gazarra, Steve
McQueen, and everybody else who did
Goodyear, You Are There, and Omnibus.

“Then television picked up its roots and
went to California. We became
journeymen actors. We hoped to land a
good play and hoped to go to California
during the height of the television season,
and if we were lucky enough, get a film.
Then the British took over the theatre, and
Broadway, and a lot of uspicked up and
moved out to California altogether and did
television series. Hopefully that was the
road to features."

Gossett appeared as a regular on the
series The Lazarus Syndrome and The
Powers of Matthew Star for network
television, and then carved his niche in the
film world. But theatre beckons, and he in-
tends to answer its call by mounting a play
on Broadway in the near future. "There's
nothing like a live audience," says Gossett.
“That’s where l was born, so l’m dying to
get back."

The divorced Gossett lived in his Malibu
home with his son, Satie, and two dogs un-
til recently, when he brought a new addi-
tion to the family — an eight-year-old boy.

    

  

 

While watching Good- Morning America
about a month ago Gossett became in-
trigued with a series concerning poverty in
America. One report focused on the eight-
year-old. Gossett called the producers and
tracked the child down. "There’s a lot of
them, homeless, hungry, uneducated
children in America. This lady, Karen
Burns, a reporter, interviewed the boy and
asked him, ’If you had your wish what
would it be?’ I figured he’d say, ’00 to
Disneyland,’ or ’Get a bike.’ He said he
‘wanted someplace to stay and something
to eat,’ " the actor recalls.

"It took me two-and-a-half weeks to find
him walking around the streets of St. Louis,
going from shelter to shelter at eight years
old, living in the streets. it made me feel
good to be able to find him and offer him
an alternative to that. So he's happy. He
opened the fridge the other day, and it
looked like Disneyland in there. He's tum-
ed out to be a very well mannered kid. My
son likes him, he’s eleven. They get along
pretty good."

Adopting the child is next on Gossett’s
agenda. "I am going to. So far so good," he
says. "i have to give him a chance for the
shock to wear off and let him settle down
into the family, to see if he really likes it. If
he really likes it we’ll adopt him." Gossett

, also foresees no problems adopting the

child, despite bing a single parent whose
work often takes him away from home for
long periods..of time. "If they ask that kid
to leave he’s going to give them problems,”
Gossett jokes. “The only trouble he's ever
had was during Thanksgiving when I didn’t

_ put any macaroni on his plate. He’s having

the time of his life.” ‘

Though Gossett appreciates the efforts
behind such'fund raising projects as Live
Aid, Band Aid and USA for Africa, he
does have his reservations. “it’s a lot of
money, a good cause, but those people,
especially the children, have distended
bellies. If you raise money to feed them it's
not going to happen because they are not
hungry anymore. They are beyond
hunger, beyond starvation. They’ve got to
be medically treated first so they can feel
good enough to be hungry. So l don’t
know where that money is going. You’ve
got to treat the starvation first. They can't
eat, they'll throw it up. If that money’s go-
ing for food," Gossett concludes,
“ - 'L‘ "'5 wrong.”

Another problem Gossett sees with the
money raising movements, particularly
USA for Africa, concerns the fact that little
of the money raised goes for aiding
America’s poor and hungry. But that’s just
the tip of the iceberg. “1 think it’s a crime.
lt's ludicrous for the richest country in the
world, who has the food and milk they
pour out into the-street, and the corn and
wheat they control so that the prices can be
balanced. . .I think they should feed the
people of our country. If .our poor people
are fed, children especially, 1 think We’d
look better when we're helping somebody
e se.

And if Louis Gossett Jr. had a single
wish, like the child he is about to adopt,
what would it be? Gossett, all six foot four
inches of him, leans forward aynd‘smiles.
"l’d like every child in the world not to be
hungry,” he says, tapping the table once
for each item on his list, "to have food,
clothing, shelter, and an education." El

   

  

December 10, 1985

Jewel is

passes its predecessor in nearly every

I t's very rare indeed that a sequel sur-
way. This, though, is the case with

jewel of the Nile, the superbly crafted, fun-

filled follow-up to last year's hit, Romanc-
ing the Stone.

Ian Spelling .

jewel picks up six months after the end of
Stone. For those who don't recall, Jack Col-
ton (Michael Douglas) and romance author
Joan Wilder (Kathleen Turner) rode into a
New York sunset aboard a boat, supposed-
ly to live happily ever after. Sailing the
world, attending ritzy parties, and living
the high life has suddenly gotten. . . bor-
ing. Poor Joan is three months behind on
her latest book and wants to return to New
York. Good 01’ boy Jack plans to sail off to
Greece.

A party sets up the rest of the film.
Omar, a charismatic despot attempting to
con “his people” into believing he is their
spiritual leader, recruits Joan to record the
impending history. She agrees, but soon
learns the truth and is held against her will
in Africa. Jack never reaches Greece.
Rather, he winds up with Ralph (Danny
DeVito, also reprising his role) in Africa,
where they search for the valuable jewel

 

 

 

and Joan, in more or less that order.

 

Aspects on Tuesday 9

a gem of a sequel

in many respects jewel of the Nile is far
superior to Romancing the Stone. The pace
is faster, the direction (Lewis Teague)
crisper, and most importantly, the special
effects and stunts are more realistic. The il-
lusions here work, where in the first film,
the production values were quite poor, and
thus, the flaws obvious. Only at Iewel’s
conclusion are the effects less than fine.
Then again a ’holy man walking through
fire perhaps should appear ethereal.

Turner again is terrific as the fun-loving
Wilder. She has greatvcomic timing and
never seems to takeherself too seriously; a

fun role such as this should be played
tongue-in-cheek and with gusto. Joan addi-
tionally represents an unusually well~
rounded female character, an independent
woman who needs love, to be sure, but
stands on her own, makes her own living
and decisions, and sets her own style.
Turner epitomizes these qualities.

insight to the Colton character, but at least
it remains true to the first incarnation.
Douglas’ Colton is a swashbuckling, rogue
type, and his bright cheerful smile
throughout fits the bill.

 
 

Douglas’ performance bring little new

 

 

 

hen the writing of an author is not
Waddréssed to you, the reader, there

are. several' Ways to perceive that
writing. To perceive it as irrelevant is aner-
ror. The work of Mari Evans is addressed
to Black readers or, in some cases,
specifically to Black women. For me, a
White 'male, reading her ‘Zwork  a
rer’ri’ih'd‘e‘r thht there ’aré'Vpeople, people
who go to school here in Albany, who live
and think differently than l, because they
are not White males.

Laurence Quinn

Evans is an author in residence here at
SUNYA for the ’85—’86 academic year.
She is teaching only one class each
semester, so it is unlikely that many of us
will have an opportunity to learn from her
first hand. Her published works, which are
extensive and highly acclaimed, could
teach a great deal to those who would take
the time to read them.

Evans’ poetry has been included in over
two hundred anthologies. She has three
published collections of poetry and has
written poetry and stories for Black
children. She edited a volume called Black
Women Writers (1950—1980) and was
herself the subject of one of its sections.
Most recently she has, in her own words,
been "consumed with the need to produce
theatre pieces” and is working to establish
a Black repertory theatre here on campus.

In all of her work there is a conciousness
of Blacks'as a "colonized nation" within the
American nation and the accompanying
need for black unity. This unity can only
be achieved through accurate political
comprehension. In an article which ap-
peared in Black Books Bulletin, Evans
outlined the three “areas of the colonized
persons vulnerability," as the mind, the
‘body, and the environment.

As a writer, the colonized mind concerns
Mari Evans the most. The responsibility of
the Black writer, as she sees it, is to write in
a way that says, “This is who we are,
where we have been, where we are. This is
where we must go. And this, is what we
must do."

Black language which does this
establishes Malues distinct from those
established by White media, education,
and law. She points out that it is not

 

 

Black life on all levels as her primary con-

all people._

 

Evans: pride a

 

chauvanistic for her to see impovement of ’

cern, because when things change for the I
Black family/nation it becomes possible for

 

Her second book, [Am a Black Woman,
flawlessly depicts those things which need
changing and the strength which enables
Black women to effect changes. The poem
which gives this work its title is a call to
Black Americans to shape the future of the
Black people.
l

am a black woman
tall as a cypress
stron
beyond all definition still
defying place
and time
and circumstance
assailed
impervious
indestructible
Look
on me and be
renewed

d Poetry

 

enduring figures of inspiration. They em-
body Black history in its suffering and its
splendor. in "When in Rome” a domestic
worker reflects on the "generosity" of her
employer who offers her anything she
likes from the ice box, except the an-
chovies — they cost too much. She is'inw
dignant at the suggestion that she even
wants anchovies:

 

 

The Black women of these poems are

me get the anchovies indeedl
What she think i got —
a bird to feed?
me get the anchovies lndeedl
What she think she got ——
a bird to feed?

The poem concludes,
Yes’m, Just the sight’s enough!
Hope I lives till I get home
I’m tired of eating what they
can in‘ Rome.

 

 

    

As fine as Turner and Douglas are, Dan-
ny DeVito easily steals the entire show.
The role of Ralph has been enlarged here
to happy results, as the diminuitive DeVito
simply transfers his Taxi character, Louie,
from a garage to Africa. DeVito receives
the best lines (i.e., "You’re the Jewel of the
Nile and I’m the Kumquat of Queens”),
walks on hot coals, and even gets sat on by
a donkey. He’s a hoot, as is jewel of the

Nile. El
4 a c_]

D51) rating:
Some fancy
Footworks

he members of Footworks all have

I one thing in common: pride. It's a
warm glow that spreads across their

faces any time they are asked about this
student run, organized, and choreographed
dance troop. And they have every reason
to be proud. At Friday night's informal
recital in the Athletic Building, Footwork’s,
under the guiding hand of Artistic Director
Kathleen Lee and Dance Council President
Kathy Kim, displayed a combination of
creativity, high energy, and straightfor-
ward talent that promised an exciting,
polished formal production in early March.

Marie Santacroce

The eleven distinctive number’s covered
the full range of dance: jazz, modern,
abstract, and ballet. The results of weeks of
grueling practice were evident in many of
the pieces. A duet entitled "Friends,"
tenderly performed by Jim McDonagh and
Lisa Megna, was made even more special
by Jim’s sweet, unabashed dedication of
the dance to Lisa. A hot, jauy conga
number, neatly and precisely in step, earn-
ed an enthusiastic round of applause as did
a highly charged solo performance by
Carlos Lopez. Director Kathleen Lee cap~
tivated the audience with an innovative
abstract piece, dedicated to the memory of
three old friends.

Evident on and off stage is the strong
sense of community among the dancers.

"Dance pulls everyone together," said
freshman Bari Waxman. Though a
newcomer to Footworks, Bari was in four
dances and co-chorcographed a piece call.
ed "Fire on High."

"We dance for fun, yet at the same time
there is competition," she said. “Everyone
is working close together. but we all want
our own dance to be the best.”

Publicity representatives Jim
McDanaugh and Carlos Lopez, explained
that anyone can become a member of Foot-
works whether they've had formal training
or not. “Footworks has a reputation for be-
ing cliquey," Jim said, “one which we are
trying to change. if you can do the steps
the choreographer shows you, if you have
the right move, then you're in."

Well worth the two-dollar student ad-
mission fee, Footworks is a rare exhibition
of student devotion, comradery and talent.
The formal show in March should not be
missed! f]

 

 

 

 

