 

1

Blorg

Famous EX-S'poce Monster. -

\ \ ~~
«g3 MN
A l . 

 

 

 

 

 

“‘l0RGOABNAMl un'ZEMB'LAG. 
mornvon IVWI sunzav oc * '
 ABNAMl-ANMESSZ’J?  ‘  

- inf

 

- With Mun-I lln-wuuillu MilvnuiM-u WI

V..,..|NABEER.-AND‘LE_ss-;

  

 

CAREERS

 
 
 
 

V JACQUES M. CHENET—Nl-s-Lu

Keith Maley (center) with friends, and his Model ’5 publicity ‘composite’: Worth the teasing

to 20 percent fee. can lose money. Most
models. of course, don't appear on televi-
sion or in the pages of Vogue—and, given
the erratic and uncertain nature of model-
ing, don‘t have the luxury of declining
bookings. Catalog work is usually the
best opportunity, although uparts" work
(hands, legs. etc.) is often available. But like
all aspiring models, students spend a lot less
time being photographed than answering
“cattle calls“ (mass interviews), dragging
their portfolios around to catalog houses
andcallingtheiragenciesthreeorfourtimes
a day to ﬁnd out ifany jobs exist.

tual stimulation. “You can‘t car-

M ry on an interesting conversation

with half the models because they never
finished high school," says Angela Alva-
rado, 20, who attends Hunter College in
New York City. Many college mod-

els don't think enough oftheirjobs

to flaunt them. “I feel much better

telling people about vet school than

telling them l'm a model,“ says
Harvard graduate Bob Tedaldi, 27.

who is enrolling at the Tufts veteri-

nary school. And most profess to

lead lives in the slow lane. They

don‘t have time for football games.

and if they stay up late partying.

their faces give them away the next
morning. “I have a responsibility to

my client. show up looking good

every day," explains Adams. “The a
very nature of my time schedule E
eliminates the possibility of my :
being a ‘normal' college student."

says Williams. E

odeling also offers little intellec-

For all the dilliculties no short-
age of eager recruits e ' euty's
Dallas agency gets 400 applications

NliWSWlil-ZK ON CAMPUS

a month, many from students. “Don't
spend one penny on pictures until you meet
with a reputable agent," Beaty advises. To
ﬁnd one in smaller towns. he says, ask de-
partment stores for recommendations.
And, he adds, skip the “modeling schools."
About half of all models, agents say, are
“discovered.” Alison Mayer, a Princeton
junior who has modeled for Seventeen, was
found a year ago at a boutique in New
York‘s Soho district; a Wilhelmina execu-
tive noticed Keith Maley at a bar mitzvah
three years ago; Adams was discovered four
years ago by Eileen Ford while she was
visiting Walt Disney World with herfamily.
If you‘re lucky, the agency will come to
you—perhaps between classes one ﬁne fall
day. Says Jo Farrell of J.F. Images: “We
actually send scouts on campus to ﬁnd
the beauties.“

College students have an advantage these

“V .',

 

KEITH MALEY
 rm... Sigm- WILHELMINAMEN

a [all J1 sum
Nu

WILD-Iii.th

days because the clean-cut or preppy look is
in. Also, clients now seem to prefer models
who “have some smarts," says Paul Dar-
row. promotion director at Zoli. Referring
to Becky Long, 19, a biomedical-engineer-
ing major at the University of California,
Berkeley, he says, "Her intelligent look
comes across in photos.“ Zoli encourages
top models like Long to take time oﬂ‘ from
school. “I really play up the fact that at
$150,000 a year, the girl can then have more
than enough money to go into any field,"
says Darrow. “At 22. you surely can go
back to school.“ But a star like Williams
says. “It's surprising how many models are
frustrated. They want something else.“ She
wants to build a career in broadcast journal-
ism. "I don‘t want to do this for the rest of
my life," says Tara Fitzpatrick. who has
modeled since she was eight. “I‘m bored."

KAREN SPRINGEN

Karen Williams in the Columbia quad and
in Brides magazine: A schedule that makes
it impossible to he a ‘nornml ' student

  

