 

 

 

NEWS MEDIA

The door to Ted Koppel ‘5 ofﬁce in ABC 's
Washington bureau is covered with en ve-
lopes of letters sent him by viewers. Each
is addressed to the same person. spelled dif-
ferently—“Ted Cappell, ” "Tex Koppel,”
"Ted Kossell, " “Ted Couple, “ even “Tent
Kolak. "Inside the ofﬁce. undera huge Chi-
nese/lag he obtained on one of se veral trips to
the People 's Republic, Koppel spoke with
NEWSWEEK Media Editor Jonathan Alter,
Excerpts:

ALTER: Do you everfeel you don ‘t know
enough about a subject to ask the tough
questions?

KOPPEL: No. When I can. I‘d rather go
into a program knowing as much as possible
about the subject, but I don't consider it a
handicap [when] I know next to nothing. To
act as asu rrogate for theaudience and say. “I
really don‘t understand what you‘re say-
ing“—and mean it. can be one of the most
useful techniques. . . . Ican pick up enough
information in a short period of time to be
able to bullshit my way with the best ofthem.

Q. What else makes you a good
interviewer?

A. There has to be. in any reporter. a
certain degree of irreverence. No reporter
can afford to be so awed by his subject
that he just takes everything and regurgi-
tates it to his readers and viewers. . . [For
me]. there is a kind of mutual consent that
takes place when people come on the
broadcast that permits me to rise above
my rank. In other words. it's not reporter
versus prime minister. It‘s someone who‘s
entitled to cut a prime minister off, and
I think people can identify with that.

Q. How about the people who see some
dangers in jou rna lists rising to thatstation .9

A. I would urge them not to be too wor-
ried. There is a Catch-22 element in ajour-
nalist's power. The minute you begin to use
it to your own ends, you lose it. My power,
or my inﬂuence. rests on the public‘s per-
ceptiou that Idon‘tabuseit.. . .You have to
he very careful ttot to cross these undeﬁna-
ble lines ofwhat is and is not appropriate. If
I‘m just being argumentative—if every
night it becomes the “Ted Versus the World
Show“—thut‘s not going to [work].

Q. Where did you learn to calibrate
like that?

A. The State Department. You cannot
spend nine years there without learning
something. You've got a bunch of enor-
mously bright men and women who work
there, and they are carefully trained and
groomed over a number of years to» use

language very precisely. When you're tlcal~ ‘

ing with these pcoPIe. some ofit rubs utl'.

l0

Q. A lot of people worry that friendships
between pu blic ofﬁcials and reporters inhib-
it reporters. Howdo you keep your/riendship
[with Henry Kissinger] separate from your
obligations on the air?

A. I don‘t have any other friend who is. or
was, a high Ofﬁceholder. But I guess if I had
it all to do again as a journalist, I would not
have allowed that friendship to begin. But I
value him as a friend. I like him. I admire
him. and I guess that‘s just a tightrope I
have to walk. But he didn’t let the friendship
stand in the way when he was angry about
[North Vietnamese Prime Minister] Le Duc
Tho appearing, and I don't [let it in the way]
either. In that sense. we‘re both profession—
als at what we do.

Q. What do you recommend to someone
coming out of college today who Is interested
in journalism?

A. My 21-year-old daughter decided
that she wants to get into this business, and
I ﬁnd that I am no more a gifted genius in
advising her than I am advising any other
kid who comes out of college. I don't know
what the answer is. The stock answer is.
“Young lady, you‘ve got to leave town, go
to a small market. work your way up."
One reason I can‘t advise her much is that
that was the advice I got, and I chose to
ignore it. At one point early in my career, I
was offered ajob at ABC for double what I
was earning at a small station. and I turned
it down because it wasn‘t the job I'd ap-
plied for. . . . Now. would I advise all
people to do that? No. lfl had thought
about it for a day or two I probably would
have taken the job. But whatever it was
that prompted me to turn it down. it was
the right instinct. because three days later
they called me up and said. all right.
you've got the other job.

Q. Are there too many people going into
journalism?

A. Too many, and far too many getting
into it for the wrong reasons. If they really
want to become journalists. they should
contemplate the notion that they are not
going to make money, they are not going to
be well known and if in that framework they
still see themselves as eager to work as
journalists, then they‘re probably right for
the job. If that takes some of the excitement
away. then they're not well suited.

Q. Do you think it’s fair to say that
“Nightline” helped bring South Africa
higher on the national agenda?

A.l think it‘s fair to say we had something
to do with it. But it would be equally fair to
say that it would still be on the front page if
we had never gone. . . . Having now been in
South Africa, having now talked to the
people there, I have a much diﬂ‘erent appre-
ciation of the story. In some respects I am
far more outraged about apartheid than I
was before I went. In other respects I am far
more willing to give Afrikaners a more than
one-dimensional look now. I don‘t just see
them as a bunch of crazed Nazis rampaging
across the landscape of innocent life. It‘s far
more complex than that. Would the same
thing have happened if I‘d gone to Germany
in 1936? I don‘t know. In a sense, I think the
answer has to be yes. I‘m not really sure the
world is well served by reducing every vil-
lain to a one-dimensional character.

Q. But how could we possibly ha we gotten
prepared toﬂght World War II had we come
to know the Nazis as human beings?

A. That sets up, in theory. the circum-
stances by which some American govern-
ment could use that argument someday and
say. “Let us protect you from the insidious
etfect of listening to these people. hearing
what they have to say, seeing them, judging
for yourself the value of their argument."

Q. Why do you think Ronald Reagan is so
popular on campus?

A. They see a man who appears to have
easy answers. You don‘t have to think terri-
bly hard to accept a Reagan position be-
cause he really does reduce everything to is
lowest common denominator. I don‘t mean
to be otl‘ensive to this generation. but I ﬁnd
them very similar to my own when l was in
college [in the l950s]. and that’s not a com-
pliment. I don't think the antiapartheid
movement on our campuses today com-
pares in any way to the real political activ-
ism of the I960s and early '705. These are
very polite political demonstrations. where,
literally. [the demonstrators] are handing
their names and addresses to the motorcy-
cle cop—~“Here, sir.“

NEWSWEEK ON CAMPUS/NOVEMBER l‘lllS

 

 

 

 

 

STRETCHED
THE BOUNDS OF

TECHNOLOGY...

 

