 

 

 

 

 

 

.. L. _-____m..mmwm~._ﬁw

P“ I

VoteNo.....

The old and new in regard to the Constitution
has been tossed back and forth for the past few
months with many “personalities” taking sides.
At this late date any person who still does not
know their opinions is in a pretty bad state.

Copies of the present Constitution are available
to all students and the proposed revision was
printed for their use last week. Arguments pro
and con have been tossed on the rocks, picked up,
and tossed again to such an extent that there is
no reason for re-tossing them in your laps.

Don’t let the new revision catch you off your
guard, however, and hide the fallacies and prob-
lems that will arise with the change—as they have
arisen with the present Constitution. Watch for
the basic fundamental change which will make the
majority of students “peasants” and which will
elevate a few leaders to a position of absolute
authority. It’s a question of giving up your right
to voice any opinion, to act as an individual and
to take initiative. This is the exact quality that has
been praised over and over about our government
organization. Town meeting-type government can
work up to a number which exceeds our enroll-
ment by many thousands.

Change is necessary—there is no doubt of this.
No one is satisﬁed with the present set-up. How-
ever, this dissatisfaction could be temporarily sat-
isﬁed by a revision BY AMENDMENT rather
than revision BY SUBSTITUTION. We have be-
come involved in this merry-go-round of technical
terms to such an extent that no one quite under-
stands anything any more.

BY AMENDMENT—meaning to make neces-
sary revisions to our present Constitution amend-
ment by amendment in the weakest spots.

BY SUBSTITUTION—meaning to strike out
completely our present Constitution and substitute
the proposed revision in its entirety.

Discussion will take place in assembly this
morning and the vote may be taken on whether
to accept the revision BY SUBSTITUTION. The
NEWS’ stand is to vote NO for the proposed sub-
stitution revision. As members of Student Associa-
tion, let's petition Student Council to get the re-
visions BY AMENDMENT ready by next Friday.
Time is short, Weeks ago the committee was order-
ed to prepare these revisions BY AMENDMENT,
but they have not been seen. Wednesday night's
Student Council meeting consisted of no move to
force the committee to present these revisions BY
AMENDMENT. The committee was created by
Student Council. The Council can abolish it
at a moment's notice or they can let its work
go unheeded.

One way or the other, the change must be made
immediately. Next Friday's assembly means the
presentation of the budget and the following as-
semblies are to be devoted to elections. June is
just around the corner. Let‘s get some action
if for nothing else, for time's sake, it is not
practical to accept the revision BY SUBS'I‘l’I‘l'-
TION at this time. Vote NO and get that peti-
tion in Student Council's hands today.

 

Established May 1916
By the Class ol1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
March 13. 1949 No. 19
Member iiiairlhiuor
Aiiaot-iiitotl Collegiate l’rcsii t‘ollcgliitc Digest
The iinilorgriiiliitilc newspaper of the Now l'orlt Shite t‘ol-
logo for 'l'I-tii'IiI-i'ii: piiiilisiii-il I:\i'l') Friday of lilt‘ college
year by the NEWS lioiii'tl for tho Student Associuiion.
i'liont-a: I‘iilvcr, Spencer, and Furlong, 'JIlI‘JIi; Landau,
’l'roy, 27.‘i~\\’; Willie and John, sounl, Mt'illiwl‘s of tin-

nowa Half way iw I‘t‘lIt'Ill'Ii 'l'uosdn) illlll \l’i-iliit-sthiy from
7 to 11:30 i'. .\1. ill :i-uio'l.

The News Board
JEAN PULVER . . . .
ELSIE LANDAU.
JEAN SPENCER
ROBERT VAN DAM
VIRGINIA WAITE
MARION FURLONG
AUDREY JERUE .
GLORIA DONATO
RODNEY FELDER
BERNADETTE FREEL

ROSEMARY STODDARD
SHIRLEY WILTSE .

VOL. XXXIli

 

. EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
- PUBLIC RELATIONS EDITOR
MANAGING EDITOR
SPORTS EDITOR
CIRCULATION MANAGER
ADVERTISING
ADVERTISING

BUSINESS

- BUSINESS
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
EXCHANGE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

All coininiiiili'niions HilUliltI he uiitlrcsm-tl lo the, editor unit
must be signed. Niiiiics wtll bi: withhold upon rcquuut.
’I‘lie H'i‘A’i'ii) t‘til.l.I'ltIl<.‘ NEWS ilHHIIIlltlﬂ no responsibility
for opinion» I'Xlil'l‘tiatill In Ilri l'tlililililri or roiniiinniciitlonii
u illicit oxprcauinlm do not necessarily reflect its View.

-2

 

 

 

 

 

 

ITA‘I'I COLT-III ms

4a»

. FRIDAY. MARCH 1.8. 1949

[can

By CLIFFORD CROOKS

So he took his 425,000 mines and
went out to mourn, and there I
stood with my empty coal bucket.

Again he spoke saying, “lay down
your shovel, brothers," and 56,000
railroad employees ate on unem-
ployment insurance.

Once again this week, the great
white father of the coal mines
threw coal dust into the eyes of the
public and when they could see
again, there sat Mr. Lewis and his
men in the middle of the work
stoppage. The stoppage crashed
home right on the button of U. S.
industry and before the printers’
ink was dry on those notices, rail
employees were being laid off in
anticipation of a coal shortage.

Ostensibly, Mr. Lewis and his
miners were staying home to mourn
those miners killed and injured in
the mines last year. This was a.
legitimate stoppage in so far as
contracts go, because the contracts
allow for periods of mourning.
However, observers in the know
looked at it from various angles
and came up with different solu-
tions.

In the first place, many felt that
the omnipotent one was protesting
the appointment of Dr. Boyd to a
high position in the Bureau of
Mines. His grounds for objection
were that Dr. Boyd has never been
a coal miner and therefore would
be unsympathetic to the problems
and dangers of mines.

Others who were wise to the won-
derous workings of the miners
“Mighty Mind” seemed to feel that
there was too much soft coal out
of the ground to suit the mine
chief. With a mild winter the in-
dustries had been able to stack pile
their fuel and had about forty-ﬁve
days back-log. The observers seem-
ed to think that could these stack-
plles be depleted. “Mr. Eye-Brows"
would be in a more favorable posi-
tion come contract time in June.

Whatever the purpose of Mr.
Lewis' game, it seems time for all
thinking individuals tSCT students
included) to reflect on the wisdom
of such action.

First of all as Mr. Lewis has stat-
ed himself “labor must throw off
the injunction lash of the Taft-
Hartley bill. and if the administra-

eafultcl amp“

By CHRIS LIEVESTRO

 

 

One of State's leading young art-
ists is Miss Dorothy Passerelli, who
is registered here as a Special Stu-
dent. She has studied the piano
since she was seven and gave a.
number of recitals while still very
young. Dorothy‘s talent as a pianist
won her the Albany League of Arts
scholarship to the Julllard School
of Music.

In October, 1948, she appeared
with three other young artists of
the Capital District in a concert at
the Institute of History and Art.
The concert was sponsored by the
Albany League of Arts which rep—
resents more than twenty-five Al-
bany cultural organizations, includ-
ing State‘s Dramatics and Art
Council and Music Council.

Following the successful concert
at the Institute, Dorothy appeared
as guest soloist with the Pough-
kcepsle Symphony Orchestra.

Dorothy will be the feature solo—
ist in it. benefit concert at the In-
stitutc on March 25. The program
will be presented by the Clinton
Square Neighborhood Association.
Elsie. Thorpe '52 and Allan Camp-
bell ‘49, stars of last week's oper-
ctta, will also appear as soloists.
Here's another opportunity to hear
Elsie's flue soprano voice. The pro-
ccds of the concert will be used to
continue the youth services of
Neighborhood House.

Artistic talents are not unusual
in the Pnsscrclli family. Dorothy‘s
father. Bob Pusserclli, is president
of the Albany Artist Group and ii
member of the Albany Symphony
Orchestra. He has shown it. number
of his paintings in Capital District
and Regional art exhibits.

On Wednesday, March 23, the ra-
dio edition of "Capital Campus"
will feature an interview with Bob
Passerelll.

tion in Washington can keep the
Southerners quiet for a time, it is
likely that there will be revisions
in our labor laws. In view of these
facts, the present stoppage seems
to serve only one purpose, that of
antagonizing the legislators and the
public into demanding that many
of the restrictions be retained or
even strengthened. It would seem
that, as never before, now is the
time for labor to walk the straight
and narrow. Does it not seem logi-
cal that some mature and wise un-
ionism would go a lot farther to-
ward securing a favorable attitude
by the public, than to ﬂaunt pub-
lic opinion with a wilful show of
personal power.

Secondly, business in the U. S.
has a case of jitters, such as it has
not known in at least a decade.
Rumors are ﬂying and business isn’t
denying that we might be about to
leap into the midst of a depression
or recession. Again, I ask, is there
any real purpose being served by
the stoppage which only succeeds
in adding to the unemployment
roles. It certainly is a fact that
such labor action cannot sooth the
frayed nerves and ulcers of U. S.
business.

Another factor that cannot be ig—
nored is that this abuse of public
welfare by a deplorany small mi-
nority is not exactly what one
could term smooth working democ-
racy. It seems that it will certainly
not make our democracy any more
palatable to those European na-
tions now receiving it in large doses
via the ERP. In truth, our domes-
tic troubles probably only add fuel
to the stock piles of foreign idealo-
gies while depleting our own.

What one fact stands out in all
this discussion? I believe that pri-
marily it is a need for maturi-
thinking on the part of both man-
agement and labor. It is time to
start looking at long range values
and taking them into consideration.
It is also time for both parties to
lay aside the petty prejudices and
personal ambitions and to give the
people who need it a real break,
i.e. the innocent public. If we are to
maintain our faith in the ability of
collective bargaining to settle our
labor troubles, then we must see
some concrete or sincere efforts on
the part of labor and management
to make it succeed.

I sincerely believe that the pres—
ent miners‘ work stoppage is not a
legitimate mourning period, but a
wilful show of personal power by
Mr. Lewis.

Here. then. is our final plea:

Though Dr. Boyd you may detest.

Or to deplete our stocks you do
your best,

The fact remains, O brother Lewis,

We need some cool,

Please give it to us!

 

Advice to the freshman on campus:

Gather good grades while ye may.

The second year is tougher:

For this some prof that. Sillilf‘h to—
day

’i‘oniorrow will be rougher.

That year is best which is the first.
When student and prof arc strain,-
or;
It's not until he knows the worst
ri‘hnt you're iii any dniigci'.
“'l‘hc ’I‘orcndoi'” ’l'cxiis
'l‘ccliiiologicnl Collcgc

e c e

Workers t‘lli'll it.
Spt-ndthriits burn ll.
Bunkers lciid it.
Women spciid ll.
li‘ot‘gci‘s fake it,
’l‘iixcs take. it.

Dying leave it.

liclrs receive it.
’l‘lirii'iy snvo it,
Mlsers crich it,
Robbers sciac it.
i-tich increase it.
Gllilliilcl‘s lose it .

i could use it.
«'"I‘he Campus Collegian."

University of Toledo.

gamma-31d»

_..__._.. By BILL LIONS

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Srara COLLEGE
News.

THE BIG WEEK

The CEO is bringing the new constitution to ns~
sembly this morning. Here are some points to con-
sider.

1. Check the qualiﬁcations for the Vice-President
He is to be a Senior . . . a Junior “wouldn’t have the
experience.” This qualiﬁcation could create a flier
two-headed government with the two most power—
ful Seniors ruling. This might be OK if the two
ofﬁcers are in complete accord.

And with too much accord there is a perfect
opening for pro-election “deals” between two Jun-
iors who wouldn‘t care to run against each other
for the top ofﬁce.

2. The Executive‘s power of appointment. The up-
pointments need the Student Senate's approval, but
the fact remains that the president is only required
to submit the names of those that he wants on the
Court. Here again is an opening for deals.

The argument that the federal Supreme Court is
appointed doesn‘t hold water. Since when has the
U. S. Supreme Court changed membership with every
administration . . . as the Student Court would do?

3. CRC proponents argue that petty business
would be taken out of the hands of SA. Much of
the petty business that irks so many consists of an-
nouncements. new appointments to organizations, etc.
The removal of these items does not need a new
constitution. In fact, we'll still be plagued by them.
Find out what business that we've had this year
would be removed. We'd still have budch disputes.
committee reports on ﬁnancial items over $500 isuch
as the WMC report) and. since it is our money. we
should have them. Do the items that would be re—
moved justify a new constitution or a clearer (it'lllll-
tion of the powers of Student Council?

4. In a letter to the editor last week. some of lilt‘
outstanding leaders of the class of ‘50 flatly stutctl
that putting off consideration of the constitution
until next year would “lead to an unhealthy situa-
tion by providing a loss of faith and subsequent
moral disintegration.“ Since it. is the class of ‘50
that will lead next year‘s government, no lllilllt‘l'
what form. those leaders aren‘t giving their class. or
themselves. much credit in handling “unhcaitliy sit-
nations," tif their asumptiou is lruci.

If the change was put off until next year, it set-ms
that Student Association tifilllililtifl‘tllltili ithc prcvcni
Junior classi could lead anti dirt-ct that change with
no "loss of faith." If they would not be able to do
that, how will they be able to overcome the obstnclcs
and confusion that are inherent in any new form
of organization?

——

LOIS PRESCOTT ANI) I“.»\Y RICHARDS . . .

. and those who have worked on the Stipiioiiioi'i'
Big 4 publicity committee have given a shot iii the
arm to publicity stunts here at State. That disploi
between lower Draper ulitl Hucstcd is rcolly ll knock—
out.

SOME Ii'ltl‘ISIIMl'IN . .

. would like to know if I-Ici'b Holland. 52's pi‘cs-
ident. is bucking to bc next year‘s song lcadci'
Herb is gaining a great dcul of "ni'in-woviug" cx-
pci'iciicc by prompting his class when an important
issue comes up it] our assemblies.

Aiid aside from the important issues. it sci-ms that
 has enough on the ball to fight it good rivalry
contest without. bciiig told to siipi‘css its appreciation
for something that the Siqilit'nuoi'i- class docs \\t'ii.
as in last week's rivalry dchntc.

(TOLLICOIC MAst‘O’l‘

To date lilt‘l‘t' have only ilt'i'll ll\' t‘liit'li‘: ill ihi-
mascot couicst. '1‘hcrc must bi- mort- l(lt‘l|.\ iiiuii iilill
flouting iii'oiiud. it's not too iillt‘ uliti lilt‘ pi-i/i's zu'c
certainly worth lilt' cil'ori.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, MAIH‘II iii

7:31) piii ()iit-g Hliuhhut .ii Waisliiui'toii /\\i‘liili'

Hyiuigogiu-

llni'p's ltiot \iith Moi

clicsti'u

SA'I'I'ItIIAY, illxlltf'll Ill

il-li'liii pin Kappa iii-1:1 iIltlt‘ I'tll‘ll

ilp.iu.—lii ill IIt'iil Zi-io I"iii‘lllili. Loungi-

lilllllxi iiiu Hiiylcz. ll;ill l"til‘lll;li. Hiiyli-r. iiitii (Billie
nnsiiiiu

MONDAY, MAIH'II :31

3:30 piii SEA Iiihlc
t-iissioii oi lilt' "la-itch. of Si
by ltcv A .lciiiiiiig

’l'l‘IiJSllAY, MAIH‘II 35::

Mill) pm. All l’liiys. l’niu' lillli .‘\l|tilililllilll

\\'I£l)NlCSI):\Y. .llillit‘ll till

12. noon St‘A l.culcii (‘hopi-l. liuuai'inii (‘liliiili

il‘lb pin "(‘upiial t‘uiiipiis" on wuow \\llil
(‘hi'islliuiii I.lt'\l‘.‘sii'll, i'tillliiit‘illiiltii

’I‘lll'ltis‘llAY, MAIH‘II 7541

lB—lli‘iiillilii Mr 1) I.l‘l' (‘hcsuut to spout; lll itooui
23, pi'i-sciitctl hi lVCl"

3:30 pm Ht‘A '(‘okt- Hour” 111 lilt' l.oiiiuil'

Hpi-iiki-i'. .Iuiucs iii'isiol, I"i'it-iiils rep--

l‘t'iit‘llllliH't'.

Nt‘\\lilttll Club lllt't'illll', Ni-wiiiiui Hall

John J. liiiycs, M.D.. spcnkcr.

il~12pm i’uppui'. ill'

Study iii the l.olillill‘ Illr»
l’ulil" lt'tl

7:30 pm.

 

 

 

e .

 

To the Editor:

Maybe I Should let dying dogs die,
but, anyway, here goes——

A few weeks ago, the War Me-
morial Committee made its report
to the Student Association assem-
bly. Several unfortunate things
happened at that meeting. The
members of the committee have re-
acted in the two extremes-from a
sharp response and reprimand to
passive resistance to criticism. But
things have gotten to the point

what with people using the issue
to give out all over the place with
their literary and speech-making
talents) where I think the com-
mittee should have the chance to
explain itself, which up till now
has not been presented to it. I
want my fellow students to under-
stand my position; it‘s no pleasure
living with people who think I‘ve
tried to put. something over on
them.

The committee spent approxi-
mately five months in compiling
the information for its report. Then
~ BOOM! The first reaction to it.
was, “RAILROAD” We‘re being
taken for it rid c i" No one
chu thought of responding to the
committee's rcqucst that the as-
sembly ask any questions they had
in mind to be sure that all facts
possible could be made. known. I
gladly acknowledge the fact that
we could have been more careful in
putting the details of each pro—
posed project before you; in this
way \\'t' hclpcd create it wrong im-
pression. BUT, had all the accusa—
iious come to us in the form of
iiil'oi'iiizitlon-stckmg questions. I'm
sure we could ilit\'t' answered in a
manner satisfactory to all.

To cite sonic i'Xiiiiiplcs:

l. The qucstiou of railroading:
thii the committee starich its
work, I was dead sct against the
organ idea. The committee even
had to fight a Studciit Council res—
olution that it concentrate on the
organ as a lllt‘llliil'llli. 1 had to be
convinced; and i was convinced by
the some information that was giv-
cii to the Siniii-ut Association as-
sciubly. but without [ilt‘ benefit of
the i‘iiviiig and routing that. went
on there. in my opinion. what some
people took for shady handling of
dctails was mcrcly the presentation
of st-li-i-vidciit facts. Even so. the
coiuiuiiicc didn't feel that the ques-
tion had been sufficiently discussed
to be \‘(iLt'ti iipoii. So Wilt‘ll it was,
We requested that, ii the organ
were selected. no be given ilic op—
poi'tuuity to more that lilt‘ election
he \‘(iltlt'ti and time ili’ allowed for
thc sliidi-uts to know what they
\i'ci‘c doiiig bciorc tilltllilt‘l' \‘otc hc
tiikcu. liicidi-utally, you may rc-
iuciiibcr how many times i |)l'tlu‘tlt.'—
iiily ht'ggctl for more suggestions for
it lllt'liltll‘ltti through the Ctutlllloll-
Siiitcr column.

:2. Why not show it icli'visiou set?
'l'hc iiii'oi'ciicc was lllllfii‘ that ev-
t-i'yout- has heard on organ as Well
as sccii television. (In [ilt' contrary,
no one knows how on organ \vill
soiiiid until it is licuid iii the lliilt't'
it. is to be installed, We showed no
lclcvisioii sci lJt't‘illlN‘, lll'.‘;lly, lhcrc
lll‘t‘ no tinyiiuic pi‘ooi'oius cast in
this :ii'i-u, llll(i sccoiiilly. hcciiiisc we
\\t‘l't‘ hlll‘t' students would not he iii—
tci'csicd Ill :1 prop-ct that would Dt'
:iliuost i'oiiiplctcly ouluiodcd wiiliiu
it couplc of yours

:i. l was t'l'illt'l/i‘tl ior ti'i-iuiiig
llic iiik ioiiiiiuiu lightly Suffice it.
to say that ltll\ llllll' | iiiciitiotictl
ii to u stiidt-iii lit'ltil't‘llilllti, l was
greeted \\'llll .i hit: lit)l":t'-illllliil. I
ugi‘cc ill‘tll'llif» \\llii lillu reaction.

1. \\'t' il'lt‘ii Io lil‘t‘fxt'lll llll hoiicst.
iiill lilt'llll't‘, that“. \\h\ \ic llrxt'ti the
pout-l (Iiwt'llh‘wltiil iilt‘liiiitl tiiitloiibt-
t'(li), the fact lilill \\t' wt-i‘t- ouch
[It‘l'millllliil ill inioi' of on organ
colon-d lilt' \t‘|'\' \\(ll'(illll.’, of our
talks Wc puipom-ly lllittlt' iio i'c~
i'IIIIlllli‘iltlillitill ill iillillllt'l' ciloi'l
Io pill on t'ill]lll.l‘~l'- oii iiii\ lil'tllt‘t‘l.
Nt‘t'tiit'lin to any lliiit ;.',.i\t' Hint ilit-
opposiic lllllil’t':.:ltill

'l‘lic l'llt'iillo tt\('l' Hilllit‘lil t‘oiiii-
cil}. i'ccoiuiui-iuloiiou has made lit"
i':ili:»t' lllt‘ lllllllt'S-hltill was girl-ii thiii

 

OTTO R. MENDE

'l'III'.‘ t‘tllilditilii .IiilWl'ilil‘ilt

105i t‘eiiirai A ve.

STATE COLLEGE um. FRIDAY. MARCH 18, 1°49 

. Baby Beauty Contest, Voting Machines, "Lobe" Come To State

From Walo Wala, Albuquerque Via Exchange Publications

By EVELYN WOLFE

Is the “Daily Orange” something
you're rarely awake enough to peel
at 7 am. breakfast? Does the
phrase "Fiat Lux" remind you to
buy soapf'lakes?

Each week Rosemary Stoddard
‘50 receives and stacks exchange
papers, from all over the country,
into neat piles in the PO. For the
latest on campus at Walla Walla,
Washington, for example, turn to
the Whitman College Pioneer which
announces that back in the good
old days around 1866, tuition was
only $16!

Babies and oranges seem to go
together in the Syracuse “DO.”
Proud mamas bundled their little
darlings into beguiling outﬁts to
vie for the Baby Beauty contest,
sponsored by “DO.”

In sharp contrast to this peaceful
feature, are the Syracuse students
agog over the arrest of one mem-

ber of the Young Progressives of
America group, for conducting
street corner soap box sessions in-
citing passersby to.revolt for more
equal civil rights. As the organiza-
tion is not recognized on campus,
no university action has been taken.

Down near Hornell, at Alfred
University, the students are using
voting machines for the ﬁrst time
in student elections, as they decide
on the burning issue—to have a two
house senate or to leave it at its
present unlcamaral state? (Are
they revising our proposed revi-
sion?) And to translate that “Fiat
Lux," which comes out every Tues-
day. does it mean “Let there be
light?"

Gems of wisdom can come from
strange places. Did you know the
average Union man has an IQ.
average of 120. according to the
“Concordiansis?”

At UCLA a motion is under dis-

cussion to delete information re-
garding prospective students con-
cerning their religious, racial or
lineage backgrounds on application
blanks. Another step toward col-
legiate democracy is en route!

Another addition to the PO ex-
change rack is the New Mexico Lo-
bo, from the University of New
Mexico at Albuquerque. “The Wolf”
(for you who no hablan e1 espanol)
announces the annual “Newsprint
Ball" by which the members of the
jounalism department stop the
presses long enough to join the
Governor in choosing the “Paper
Doll" of the dance.

And—the crowning touch of the
“Lobo” is Editor Hank Trewhitt's
editorial on “Wanna Fight?“ Seems,
he lacks controversial material for
lively, timely editorials!

Drop into the PO and see what
a wheel that kid you went to high
school with has become at old P.U.!

 

it was a unanimous one. Actually,
the organ received a majority vote;
there were some other opinions.
The full story of their vote should
have been presented.

I could go on with this, but: it
would serve no further purpose. I
won‘t make any comment on CARE,
since that. turned out to be your
choice. I think I've proven that the
committee made NO false state-
ments and gave ALL the pertinent
facts it knew of in its report.

Why have I taken the trouble to
write all this? There are two rea-
sons:

First, 1 want to justify my ac—
tions to Student Association, be—
cause I feel I did my part honestly.

Second, and much more iinport—
nut. I‘d like to comment on the
situation as a whole. That was a
lousy assembly; the business was
not. intelligently carried out. It's
pretty bad when we need such a
force to make our meetings inter-
cstiiig. I‘m saying that the mem-
bers of Student Association must
change their collective attitude. No
Ollt‘ will dare make a farce out of
our assemblies. consciously or un-
consciously. if you won't accept
such petty action. Take the meet—
ings seriously: there are some
worthwhilc experiences to be had
there. when you remember that you
may be a faculty advisor for some
high school‘s student. government
in it few years.

Soon. we‘ll be considering the
budch It's your dough being
thrown around; it‘s to your beneﬁt
to know how much and where it
goes, But today, something even
more important will come tip—the
possibility of a drastic change in
our constitution. The question
seems to bcmhuvc our troubles been
mostly the result 0f the mishandl-
ing of our present setup. or because
of the faults of the constitution
itself. if it's the i'oi‘iiicr, then it‘s
all left up to us. Are we willing to
take the responsibility on our
shoulders for :1 Student Association
coiucbiick'? You can say so today.

Thank you.

Tony l’i'ocliilo ‘50

Till-CORNER
MICE

Mai ’appin 82 Orchestra

 

8:30 - 11:30
Every Saturday Night

lit-frcsiiiiiciits Sold

.r\dmission 50c

Trinity Methodist

LARK & LANCASTER

 

 

Will Sponsor
Essay Contest

Through its ambassador in Wash-
ington. Mr. Joseph D. Charles, the
Republic of Haiti has announced
that. it will conduct a prize essay
contest on the subject “The Con-
tributions of Haiti to the Inde-
pendence of the American Repub-
lics, 1776—1826." The contest, open
to all college graduates and under-
graduates in the United States, Ha-
waii, and Puerto Rico, will remain
open until May 31. 1949. Essays
must. be at least 15.000 words long
and under 25,000 words, and must
not have been previously published.

First prize of the contest will be
a trip. with all ﬁrst class expenses
paid. by boat or airplane at the
option of the winner, to the Expo-
sition for the Bicentennial of the
Founding of Port-au-Prince dur-
ing the winter of 1949-50. In the
event that the winner is unable to
make the trip at that time, he may
elect to accept in lieu thereof a
cash prize of one thousand dollars.
Second prize will be a cash award
of five hundred dollars.

Detailed information concerning
the terms of the contest may be
obtained by writing to: The Secre-
tary. Prize Essay Contest. The Hai-
tian Einl)ass_y,4842 Sixteenth Street,
N.W.. Washington, D. C.

Scholastic Press
Appoints Dunn

At the recent annual meeting of
the Associated Teachers College
Press of the Columbia Scholastic
Press Association, Gerald Dunn ‘51
was elected to the Executive Coun-
cil for the coming year, represent-
ing the Teachers Colleges of New
York State. Included among his
duties is maintaining contact with
the newspapers of the Teachers
Colleges of New York. and also ad—
vising them of activities of the na-
tional organization. He will also
represent them at the Executive
Council meeting in New York City
in the fall.

The Columbia Press Association
is a nation-wide organization which
includes divisions for high school
and college level publications. such
as yearbooks, newspapers, and
magazines. Its purpose is to im-
prove publications and to foster
better relations between the publi—
cations of the same level.

H. F. Honikei & Son

Pharmacists
Established 1905 Pitched-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. 1'. Y.

 

 

 

 

|T’6 BEAUTIFUL,
DEAR, our IT’S

 

DiAnonogAag or OTHER COLORS BESIDE wuiTE

509E, swear,—

WHITE DIAMONDS
ARE so

oamuAQY

 

 

to In! .ul'fIOQM nuiucnr -.. I

 

 

'ipiilq “up pun 'lI.\t().l(| 'oiilq ‘uonm

'oi'fuuio '.uo”o.t‘ JO sopizqs oped ill—QIJHJ,

 

 

PAGI 3

Grads To Sign
For Dorm Space

Allocation of space in the women’s
residence halls is being made for
graduate students for the college
year 1949-1950, according to Mrs.
Bertha Brlmmer, Executive Secre-
tary of the Alumni Association.

If any girls would like to be con-
sidered for graduate residence for
next year, Mrs. Brimmer requests
that they leave their names in the
Alumni ofﬁce by Wednesday, since
only a small amount of space for
graduate students will be available.

You add hours at both ends of
vacation when you go by train.
Relax in a comfortable coach
seat, or sleep the miles away in
your berth while you speed
homewnrd. Returning, leave
later . . . with confidence that;
you won’t miss a class.

Come back after vacation on
a “College Special” . . . then
return home at the end of the
college year. Enjoy stopover
privileges permitted by 10-day
transit limit; in both directions,
if you wish.

from
rail travel costs

See your home town ticket
agent about “tToilegiiSpecials.”
'i‘iicy give you the advantage
oi'iiyuilubic l’t‘titll‘t'ti i'titlilti'll'Il)
i'iircs . . . with ii rclurii time
limit long enough to cover the
whole spring term.

Your ruiiroiul ticket agent;
at home will iiiivc tiicso speciiil
tickets for teachers tllltl stu-
dents. He'll be glad to help you
with your troch pliiiis.

For a Time and
Money-Saving Trip

60 by train

IT'S CONVENIENT—
COMFOR TA BLE—SAFE

AMERICAN
RAILROADS

 

 

