 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAOI 2

Changes Needed

Rivalry is dead. Or is it? Or should it be?

Rivalry consists of and was initiated for the
purpose of weaving the freshman class into the
pattern of State College, of uniting Sophomores
and freshmen on a competitive basis, and of
strengthening the ties which bind each class as
a whole together. Does it, as it exists, do that?
We think not.

Class rivalry has reached a point where it has
become a set of standardized events, with almost
standardized results. On a certain day, the fresh-
men mttst be able to sing certain college songs.
And on that certain day, the freshmen sing. Does
this acclimate them to State? How many upper-
classmen mumble their way through the Alma
Mater? And yet, they too were once freshmen.
Should rivalry result in this and nothing more?

The next big rivalry events are the Big-4 pro-
ductions by the two classes. There was a time
when this was known as the Big—8, even a time
when ten points were allotted to it. Into this event
there still goes three or four months of intense,
concentrated work—planning, writing, directing,
publicizing—with the net result of four rivalry
points. All of this work is a big, dark secret. No
one, except those intimately connected with the
production is, theoretically, to have any inkling
of the goings-0n. THIS is supposedly uniting the
Classes—showing them how to work together. And
what happens to the class that doesn‘t win? Are
its four months of work gone for no seetningly de-
serving ptit'pcse? Wouldn't it be immeasurably
better to have productions completely set aside
from rivalry events, into which both classes could
pttt months of work. supply two evenings of enjoy-
ment for the student body. and both come ottt with
a feeling of satisfaction?

But we are not condemning rivalry. What we
are saying is that rivalry, to fulfill the needs for
which it was created and which act as its support,
tnust he changed. Firstly, take the Big-4 out of
rivalry. Secondly, make rivalry a means of unit-
ing, rather than alienating the two classes. Have
more inter-class functions. What's wrong with the
Sophomores-throwing a party for the freshmen just
about now? Thirdly, make rivalry a dynatnic,
rather than halt-dormant. force. Give it new life,
or limit it to a semester if you feel that it serves no
one or no purpose after that time.

Rivalry is a part of State College-Wit part which
we do not believe should be thrown away. it is,
however, a part which is rundown, and the weave
shows rather badly at certain spots. Yet, mend-
ing is not difﬁcult. It merely needs a spool of
cooperation, a thread of spirit and a thimblc-Iull
of common sense.

 

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
March 25, 1949 No. 20
Member llistriiiutor
Associated Collegiate l'rcsii t'ollcglaie lllgest
'i‘lie undergraduate newspaper ol‘ the New York State t‘ol-
logo for ’f'cacliers; publisth cit-ry Friday of IItI‘ college,
year by the NI'IWS itoartl for the Student .\.~riiII'IIIIIUII,
l'liont-s: l‘ulver, Spencer, and I"lll‘ItilILf, 'Jlil‘Jt‘i: Landau,
’i‘roy, Li'i‘FI—W; Waite and .II‘I'III‘, Vtust. Members of‘ the

news staff may lie I't'fll'lll‘tl 'l‘tII-sday and \vrlIIII'HIiI)" from
7 to llzilfl i'. M. iii :l-lliuT.

The News Board

JEAN PULVER . - - EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
ELSIE LANDAU - . PUBLIC RELATIONS EDITOR
JEAN SPENCER MANAGING EDITOR
ROBERT VAN DAM SPORTS EDITOR
VIRGINIA WAITE cIRCULATION MANAGER
MARION FURLONG ADVERTISING
AUDREY JERUE - ADVERTISING
GLORIA DONATO BUSINESS
RODNEY FELDER . BUSINESS
BERNADETTE FREEL ASSOCIATE EDITOR

ROSEMARY STODDARD l ‘ ASSOC'ATE 50””

I EXCHANGE EDITOR
SHIRLEY WILTSE - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

VOL. XXXIII

 

 

Issue Editors
liattisti, lirciiiier. (‘ook. liunn,

It‘citzcl, l'etrlc. Wolfe

 

.\ll I'IllilIIIIIIIIt‘iilIt'll-s should It“ ad-lt'mm-d to IIIt' I-litur ilIII
oil»: In. *i_|il‘tl \.Illii"i nt.t Iw within-III upon request.
'IIII' S'I‘A'I‘I'i tilItI.I:lIIi \I‘i\\'.‘i Itnmtllil‘n IlIl I'I'sltillinllilliiy
{or opinions I~.\pits~n~tf III .ts to twins or l‘HlllIIIlIIlli'ItIIiiIIN
ADI ancii expressions «to not tit-cessarily reflect its VII-w

we

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, MARCH 25. 1049

 

74¢ .L’au‘ Wig/doc

 

 

That Tuesday night proved an
evening of delightful entertain-
ment; that the last in the series of
the AD presentations were to e. ‘de-
gree “well done”; that Marge Ly-
ons, Joe Crucilla, and Jim Baum-
garten deserve commendation is to
be little doubted.

Let’s review the plays in order of
each presentation.

“Now You See Me, Now You
Don’t,” the satirical fantasy, was
directed by Marge Lyons. May she
be complimented. The use of cheese-
cloth costumes and the placing of
the “inner-self” characters above
stage level emphasized the separa-
tion of the visible, physical char-
acters from their hidden, spiritual
selves. On the whole, the sets,
lighting, costumes and make-up
were good. Let it be said that the
flaws in the production lay in the
belated pick-up on cues which re-
tarded smooth transition from the
spiritual, or vice versa, and in the
lack of variety in stage business.

“The Strong Silent Type," a so-
cial drama, was directed by Joe
Crucilla. The character Miss Y, as
portrayed by Carolyn Williams. well
conveyed Strinberg's dramatic ex-

pressionism. This personality spoke . .

louder through facial expression
than did Mrs. X in her monologue
which, in spots, was inaudible and

which, in other spots, was like the
storm after the calm. The gradual
“building up" to the hatred speech
was weak—insincerer spoken. The
impressionistic set had no distract-
ing features and accomplished its
purpose.

"Oh! My Achin' Head,” a comic
exposition on bachelorhood, was di-
rected by Jim Baumgarten. He may
feel proud of the fine and almost
convincing job Earle Jones did with
the prologue to the play and the
narration. To Rhoda Riber and
Henry Smith go whole-hearted
thanks for adding to the polished
finish of a most delightful, however
adolescent, performance. The sets
that the traveling lecturer carried
with him were also impressionistic
and were not to be viewed too light-
ly. The painted sink in the kitchen
scene gave the sense of depth per-
ception to the two dimensional set.
The trick lighting effects warrant
worthy comment. En somme, the
production “clicked like clockwork."

Thus we've come to the last in
this series of Advanced Dramatics
one act plays. In view of all limit-
ations —— accoustics, stage. sets,
lights, properties, actors, actresses
. considerable progress has been
shown in the efforts put forth. May
the spotlight point with pride again
on next year's season.

 

gamuau'cahand.

To the Editor:

The NEWS went overboard in the
editorial columns last week. In the
“Vote No” editorial we are told to
urge Council to abolish a. Commit-
tee whose report has already been
accepted and whose work is done.
We are told to make some hasty
improvised change in the present
Constitution. Then we are told how
to vote on the proposed constitu—
tional revision.

We dispute the right of the
NEWS to tell anybody how to vote!
As long as we are paying for a
newspaper, we don‘t want a sterile
editorial board sitting on a fence.
The NEWS has the right and the
duty to present the opinions of its
Board, backed up with facts and
reasons. But no person and no pub-
lication has the right to tell us how
to vote.

What about the proposal to dis—
solve the committee and make some
quick improvisation? The proposal
is on the floor and there it stays
until a. ﬁnal vote is taken on the
proposal or any modiﬁcation which
results from assembly debate. If
the members of the NEWS Board
want. to get that proposal off the
floor, here is the necessary informa—
tion on how to do it. by parliament-
ary tneans.

(I) move to waive further read-
ing and further debate and proceed
immediately to vote I2I3 vote re-
quired plus majority to defeat).

«2t move to object to considera-
tion I2.3 vote required».

BUT the student body will recog-
nize both these maneuvers as the
actions of" a gioup which does not
care to discuss this proposal on its
merits. The NEWS states “The ar-
guments . . . have been tossed . . .
to such an extent that there is no
reason for retossing them Ill your
laps". III short. don‘t bother to talk
about the reason for adopting or
I't'lt‘t‘llllf; the proposal just take
the word of the NEWS. 'I‘hcsc cries
of "Railroad" aIId "Vote No“ are
Indications that those opposed to
the proposal can litid no fault with
the plan itself. And so started the
mud—slinging!

'l‘hc NEWS cries hysterically that.
the proposal will make peasants
oiil of the slitdctits, will elevate
our leaders to positions of absolute
authority. will make Its give ilp the
right to voice opiiiioit. to act as an
Indivtduiil. to take Initiative. Like
(icnci'ul McAiillfl'c Iit iiitstognc. we
rcpiy. "Nuts!" ltctid that proposal
and tltcit give its grounds for such
iici'listitloll.

I.ct's toss asidc till this t'llllltltl—
Ilanc. The committee which pi'c—
settled the proposal has nothing to
lose or gain. 'l‘wo of us won‘t be
here next year to haraitgtit- the
Student Senate or Asst-tithiy. litit
the group most IiichIsI-ly opposed
to this proposal is it group which
is composed oi tiic rest of silltlclll.

 

body, those “peasants” mentioned
in last week‘s editorial.

Yet this committee does not cry,
“VOTE YES" and “Ask no ques-
tions!" We suggest, that. Student
Association and the NEWS debate
the proposal on the grounds of:

III Will the changes suggested
make for better student govern-
ment?

I2t Will the changes make the
government more efﬁcient?

We stand to lose everything. lll-
eluding a lot of time. if we listen
to the "Vote No" of the NEWS.

Don lauigsley '49
Millard Smith '49
Pat Flynn '50

Molly Mulligan '50
Ed Kurlander ‘51

 

eafzél‘al cam/2M

 

By CHRIS IIIEVESTRO

The work of Radio Cnitncii has
moved along so rapidly on cainptis
during the past year that the or-
ganization will soon come before
Student Council to seek approval
of" its official constitution.

The group was formed last year
by the administration as a student—
i'aculty radio cotnntittee. Since then.
its members have worked with catn-
pits and community organizations
iii presenting a great variety of
programs over Capital District t'a-
dio stations.

State College is particularly for-
tiitiaic that it is situated in a coin-
mutiily with adequate broadcasting
facilities attd very cooperative sta-
tion managers.

This year the faculty members of
Radio Cottiicil are Miss Itililtli'ti
Di‘tlflllll. Dr. F‘loyd l-lcnrlcksoti, Mr.
Patti Pettit, and Mr. Edward Sabol.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Youmans Kit),
arc the Council‘s co-chairmcn for
the year ‘48—'49.

Radio Cottitcll already has sever-
al scrics of programs in prepara-
tion. Miss l)raf'ahl has ciit discs of
three Iit'tccit - mtnulc discussion
programs with members ol' the
speech and danIIc classes. ’l‘hcsc
programs arc the first of a series
that will soon be presented over a
local stulioii.

(.‘ttitiptls itittl cuch pt'iicllcctcacli-
on will join their students on an—
olltcr series which will be t‘ilIIl‘ll
“’l'hc Janitor ()lnccts.” Students
trotti lirapt-i' High School in Schen-
I-ctady will Iliil'llt'lllillt' in the first
program, now In preparation. that
\\'tll tiiIi'otltlcc (itts, llic objecting
_iI|lIIfll',

At fill) pin today. Mr. Paul I’ct-
Ili oi the English licpai'tiiiI-nt will
be IIlt' gin-st ol liob Snyder on
"I.ltii('licoti ill the 'I'cii Eyck" ovwr
WI"i‘R win-n they will discuss the
coming lliewl productions

Miss .loyt-c lttiso ol Milne will ap~
pcai as tun-st on nch Wednesday's
radio tuition of '(‘apttai (‘ainpusf'
She will be thc I'I-utiirc soloist III
the annual spring concert at Milne.

erbium-31d“
By MARY EADE 

The Common-Stator is given the widest latitude A
author of this column, although. his viewpoints (I
not necessarily reflect those 0/ the STATE Cot.I.I.~.
Nws.

CONSTITUTIONAL COMMENTS . . .

The motion of whether the Vice President of st
dent Association should be a Senior or not until
the new constitution is still on the agenda for t
assembly program today. A thought to keep in mi;
about this—if the Vice-President and President wt
Seniors, who would take over their duties, if bu:
were sent off campus to teach? This would also mt.
that the class of 1951 would have no i‘epresentail
in the ofﬁcers of Student Association next year. Wt.
about it, Sophs?

A rumor has it that a motion might be made
assembly that the discussion on the proposed illi‘ii“lt'
ment to the Constitution be postponed or laid on It
table. If the motion does come up to be voted on.
should be remembered that laying on the table
undebatable and that postponing is debatable. I‘
up to you when or if it comes up to decide whether .
not.further discussion on this issue should be ll;
now. Amen!

FOR IIEAVEN’S SAKE . . .

Aside from the fact that I'm prejudiced, the pic
licity and work going into the Soph Big-4 pronin
a terriﬁc production. Even some of the Red Df‘\'i.
around here could feel angelic with all the “heavcnl
atmosphere surrounding them.

Glad to see that there will be a Moving-Up 1).
cup this year despite the fact that it was lostP'3'.I la
year. Beta Zeta sorority has donated a loving t’lj
to Student Association which will be rcpiaicd an:
engraved to be given to the victorious class cont
Moving-Up Day.

"I‘AIN‘T II‘AIR . . .

The delegates to the Eastern States Conference a.
in New York City today representing our school .Il
conference that takes their time and their Iiioln
Each delegate will have to spend at least  of tin .:
own motley while there. Maybe “they are cxpcndalllt
but their money isn‘t. I i'0peat~~‘tain't fair.

MASCO’I‘ MANIIUN’I‘ . . .

’I‘o (late a total of five entries have been submittw
as a mascot for SCT. The Co—op is extending thc
contest ttiitil April 26 in order that It will be II ('III:
test. Even if you tiiink Arvid the aardvark Ian‘s
cater. by Webstei't represents State College how
about submitting an entry? That first prize should Ilt'
Ito qtinte an Ed. 10 phrasei a great enough "stiliitlllls

[)0 YOU (‘Aitli AB()I”I‘ CARE?

When the CARE motion comes tip for adopltot
by Student Association. it should be I'l'illt‘llll)t‘l.'(l that
this is supposed to be a War Memorial from HC'I‘ illll.
itot a discussion on personalities. Shall we t.ry tIL'illll‘

DECISIONS, ALWAYS DECISIONS . . .

A request was made by SMILES for a line in tin
budget at Student Council meeting Wednesday lttglil
Despite the fact that. only fifteen members \II‘II
present. SC disapproved. The question is: do you \\‘:ti.’
to contribute to SMILES on a voluntary basis. or do
you want. it to be taken otit of your Studcnt ’I‘ax.
Again, the decision is up to yott . . . Ah. tltc trial,
of a coilegian.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. MAlt(‘ll 25
3:30-4:30 |).lll. IVCF‘ meeting Mrs. C. Travers will
speak on "The Attributes of 'I'm
Devil” in Room 150.
8:30-12 pm. Pii Delta will Iiold opcn
Statesmen only.
Community Service benefit colicci't H
be held at. Albany Institute of lltstotx
tilid Art. To feature Allcti (Tampbcli
Elsie ’l‘horpc. and Dorothy l’asscrcll.
its soloists.
Potter Party for
House.

Iloltsc In:

8:30 pm.

8:30-12 pm. pledges at l‘olli‘l

SA’I‘I'IHMI', .IIAItt‘Il '36
ilziltl ant. I“I'(lsli Big-l
WROW.
Hoplnittioi'c lint-l in Page lltlll illl‘ll
torium.

broadcast tl\cl‘ stattot.

8:31) pm.

HI'NIMI’. .\l.'\i{(‘ll 727

Ill tilll. IIilI,'I-IZI"/\ Lox and llattci I)t‘t‘:II~:l:i ‘
Iil i'IiIlcl Hit“. A discussion on "A .It‘ti
Looks at, Jesus" moderated by ltabln
Moscsoit.

MONDAY, .\l:\lt('ll :38 -

3:30 pm. HCA 'llblc Study featuring I)r llo
bart (iocwcy III the ltouugc

’l‘l'ICSIIAI’. IIIAIH‘II it!)

3.30 pm. t‘qumI-I'cc (‘ltih min-ting lll Itoollt WI

7 Iltleilu ptti lZit‘A will hold a study group on lllt
Philosophy of (‘llIIlli'tiI Zionism‘ to
liooiii ill,

\I'I‘IIINICSIIAY. .IIIHH‘II Jill

iBltooii H(‘i\ china-I Itcv.

sticakci'

"(apital Campus" on thow \\llII

(‘lu'isttait ltlcicrti'o. coiiunI-iiliilot‘

’I‘ill'ltn‘IHI’. IIIAIti‘II ill

I' IIHI- HIT/I general meeting ill the i.outli'.t
"'I'Iii‘ Letters of Hi Paul 'I'Iiclt‘ its
Iation to Us“ subject of discussion In
lh'. I’Iiul Mtiictii'.

Lillian .loIIIt-.oII

ll Iii p.in

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 25, l949

PAGE ‘33

 

Green Parachutes Descencl Upon Page Field, State College,-
Make Successful Invasion Of Landing Strips, Rivalry Ranks

By STUART GATES

General Communique: (SOT)
Headlines blazed (3-Day. G-
Day September 12, 1948.. On that
morning 285 parachutists began to
descend over Albany, most of them
landing on Page Field. The Green
Gremlins had invaded “State Air-
port.” They quickly took cover in
the main hangar—Draper Hall—
where, while wiping the dust and
dirt from a flight from their home-
towns off their uniforms, they were
assigned positions for Basic Train-
ing. Boarding planes, they hedge-
hopped across the river to Camps
Hawley and Van Schoonhoven for
a weekend of merriment, deviltry,
games, and for a. display of their
talents—sleeping on short cots so
that long legs hung over! With an
uncertain future, but with new
friends, with a solidarity and one-
ness the Gremlins returned to their

new barracks Sunday night.
The next few weeks we scooted

around the landing strips (halls)
"rushing" and being “I'ushed"—— Sophomore Desk Editors: L. to IL: Goldie Brenner. Jane Cook, Ger-

wearing our green badge of valor aid Dunn. Mary Fenzel, Evelyn Wolfe. Cecelia Battisti. Eugene Pctric.
and our caps. Our green manual of —“ ' *’ ' ’ ‘ W ' ’f ‘_ ‘f” T . - '
arms gave us wisdom to confront, grease monkeys. Between briefings on April 24th. It was Spring Rhap-
the tough master sergeant profs. (classes) We‘ warmed our motors sody. The Gremlins again hit the
Operation classes began an too and took on at high speed into target tbull's eye! as the first class
soon. Orientation and brieﬁngs were “Val”- The, SODhS did score a few to have a band to play our original
held every Monday at 3:30 pm. by “list denatmg our tires 111' Dush- musical numbres. On Moving-Up
the genera“, ball, and scraping the pamt on Day, after a tailsplii in rivalry, we
Our ﬁrst few weekend liberties 0111' L3“ in 'bﬂSRCtbilll. bill. we established ourselves, taking over
were taken up with receptions. still flew hlglim‘ ﬂIKI 111311.913 Student. Association by storm with
play days and open houses. They Save US LICRELS [‘01‘ Sileedlng our Eade as Secretary. and otir own
In the ﬁrst hmhmhmry fray on through doors ahead of them, “and new shmmhuts my whh Jhlsm
Activities Day we volunteered {0,— 011 Inspections passed Outﬁval‘nmgs as co-pilot. Other new crew mem—
many duties_m the tables_ Our if_W8 left OUI‘ CﬂDS Dmad- They bers took their positions on the
motors coughed up the tune of failed t9 ﬁnd 091‘ green ﬂag, al- various class and Student Associa-
$25,oo_ but nobody was assigned to though it flew high-011a chimney tion Committees and Councils.
patrol Minerva talreadv we were for Several days- The” 0115' blue, rag We 0“de ﬂ 810110118 Ilighl by
Smarter than 50!, Our‘buhets did was hidden in some trash container. ﬂoundering and whhowihg in the
score a 1m, and we won our ﬁrst, When the reports of the ﬁrst mud at Thatcher Field. on, what.
three rivalry points with our hit flights were remﬂsedt .m‘my made 5‘ PICNIC! ‘
Skip we elechid h-Om our proud Dean‘s List, and rose in the ranks we soared away for a rest 1,, the
ranks as pilot; Jerry Dunn, and co- With new SChOIﬂSIlC “WIRES warm sunny months with propel-
pilot Dick Thorne, with Jane Cook Wearing battle scars our gas lines lers still turning. knowing that ‘50
as keeper of the official log of otir held out while Greasemonkey Ely, could never knock us out.
ship of state. Alice Gersh filled in as director. applied the oil and pol- After a restful I?! 'summer. back
as paymaster. Other gunners and ish so we shone in splendor and the gremlins came In their heli-
mechanics were chosen from the ran smoothly in our big smash hit copiers as sophisticated Sopho-

 

mores eager to reconnoitre the low-
ly Fresh, to scare and descend upon

the yellow horde. We helped guide-

tiiem on a tour of inspection of the
whole airport and get them ac-
quainted with the local high spots
and establishments.

Our first blasts snowed the Fresh
under, and in succeeding skirmishes
they dragged away their slain com-
rades in Increasingly higher num-
bers. With our heavy fog we greas-
ed from their pockets a record of
$56.00 on Activities Day, and stole
from under their noses their yellow
flag——but lost our own Victor's cupl

The best mess of the year was
served at our class banquet. We
continued our policy of fraterniza-
tion with ottr many successful class
dances.

Our gunners still hit with ac-
curacy and shoot back at the F‘rosh
in every engagement. Our aims are
still sky high and we‘re behind our
big guns. The files in the General
Headquarters are full of our good
deeds and records. With new blasts
from our jets the 13-51 is ﬂying
high, and we‘ll always keep it
climbing high with our prottd tra-
dition.

Yes, for Heaven's sake, we're 1951.

I

Florist 6“

Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON

 

DIAL 4-1125

 

 

Blarney, Jigs, Leprechaun:
Bring Ireland To Commons

The wearing o’ the green and
the jumping o' the jigs went
over like sunshine on St. Pat-
ty’s Day at' Newman Club's
Harp’s Riot last Friday

The folk who wandered down
“Leprechaun Lane" were deck-
ed out in the ﬁnest of fine
greenery for the Irishman’s ball,
and even tried to carry on con-
versation with a brogue. (Of
course, glottal stops and false
teeth somewhat hampered the
attempt, but they tried!)

Mal Pappin and his blarney
boys did their best to bring
back the days of the Kerry
dancing. and Fran Mullen
(whose very name is slightly
suggestive) took care of the vo—
cats.

The Commons was all tied up
in green and white streamers.
and it‘s a wonder the dancers
didn’t g-E-t all tied up, too.

The dance was great, the
folks stayed late: it was almost
as good as an Irish wake.

 

I z , ,
“‘I W/Iere {he HOWers 670W

Greenhouse

“State” Representative:

J ERR Y BROPl-IY

COLLEGE FLORIST FOR YEARS

 Special Attention to Sororities and It‘ratcrnities—

 

 

 

I LEARNED
FROM THE 30-DAY TEST
THAT CAMELS ARE REALLY
MILD AND HAVE A GRAND
RICH, FULL FLAVOR,

I’ve KNOWN
THAT FOR YEARS, PATSI.
THAT’S WHY CAMELS
ARE MY FAVORITE
CIGARETTE,’

. . '(' I 'l'ry (IaInL-ls and test them as you
l ’01qu 'ﬂ("[ 'yuﬂuﬂH/‘lr' smoke IIIL‘Ill. II. at an) tune. )on
.Iincls arc the wildest tigarcttc )ou L‘\l‘I’ smoked.

'Il'l' IIIII IIIII‘IIIII'tI III.”  . I
‘ sell (,amels and we will reInInI its full

I—IowéLwilt can a swig song he 17

Hear Sam Donahue playing

fat/ﬁe for

(A CAPITOL RECORDING)

. . . and you’ll know!

Sam Donahue's new waxing is a real something. Yes! It’s
smooth, it's swingy. it's something terrific for a first Lindy—0r
what-do-you-dof In music, Sam knows that whether you dance
it fast or slow you'll want it .Imoo/IJ. And when it comes'to
cigarettes, Sam himself wants a cool, smooth-smoking Cig-
arette. That's why Sam says. "Camels suit my 'T-Zone' to a 'T’.
(Iamels are the mildesi cigarette I've ever smoked—and they

taste great. too! "

ilowﬂltl) can a cigarette be?

Smoke CAMELS for 30 DAYS
—cind you’ll know!

In a recent coast-io-coasi test of hundreds of men and women
Iamels for ﬁt) days ~ an average of one to
noted throat specialists, after making weekly

who smoked only (
two packs it day
examinations, reported

NOT ONE SINGLE CASE OF THROAT
IRRITATION DUE TO SMOKING

Game/5

 

 

 

 

 

I’I‘IIIIII Ilic [liltinlgif With the tillu

 

puniimc pritc. plus [mirage Hist/rill ll. J. Remolds 'l'obauo Company,

 

Winston Salem. North (Iaroiina.

 

 

