 

~.W  1

 

 

PAGE 1‘

Grand ~Marshal Lists

Commission Members

Florice Kline ’50, Grand Marshal,
has announced the following com-
mittee heads of Campus Commis-
sion for the year 1949-1950: Lounge,
Richard Feathers '50: Coke Super-
visor and PA System, David Jack

‘50; Mailboxes, Renee Harris ’50:.
Marshalling, Rita Blssonette ’51'

and Joseph Persico ’52; Treasurer,
Martha Downey ’51; Halls and An-
nex, Virginia, Norton ’51; Posters,
Charlotte Skolnick ’51; Coke, Rob-
ert Brown ’52; Lost and Found,
Jacqueline Coplon '52; Mimeograph.
Marilyn Lewis ’52; Victrola. Kath-
leen Ryan ’52; and Secretary, Ev-
elyn Swenson ’52.

  

   

Yes, Camels are SO MILD that in ll mint
lo»cou~i Ic~l oi liiiiidiciis ol liil'll iiiiil woiiicii
ulio siiiolxcil (Iiiiiicls and only (quiclh ioi

--"  ' STATE‘COLLEGE'NEWS’. FRID‘AY.‘SSEETEMIER.'23, 1949

Student Opariiriga Available
For Drivar Training Course

Openings are still available in
the, Driver Training course for
those students who have not secur-
ed a driver’s license and who would
like to do so, according to Mr.
Thomas C. Gibson. Professor of
Health.

Mr. Gibson has announced that
the time schedule for this course
in the catalogue is incorrect. It will
meet. instead, on Fridays, during
the regular assembly period. ‘

All students who are interested
are asked to attend the initial meet-
ing. today, at 11:10 am. in Room
150. Draper.

 

   

1. .t
‘a _. $95».

\

Jill coiisccuiiw- (lays. iiolcii llll'lllli spcciiilisls.
iniikiog ivcckly cxniiiliiuiioiis. rcpoi'loil

NOT ON! SINGLE

 

CAII OI THROAT IRRITATION DUE TO

Frosh Fold/info Dorm Corners I I
For Temporary Housing Situation Job Placements

Like the lady who lived in the
shoe, Mrs. Bertha Brimmer, who
is in charge of the Alumni Hous-
ing. began this semester with sixty
extra girls, for whom accommoda-
tions had to be found. Dr. Evan R.
Collins helped with “I'll get the
bunks if you get the room to set
them upi", and so the emergency
housing drive was on.

"Stop! Where are you going?"
Not into the Nelson room at Sayles!
Students who remember evenings
there. nostalgically. would be some-
what surprised to ﬁnd two Gradu-

4‘
My
cigarette?
Camels,

of course! ”

GOWii iiY MANY Mi Mi wow“
—A iinl‘. in iii Ill/\[l

    

   

 

rut-MW .\ .
l, ..« item,
. .
\-,\“;~:rﬂ‘l: \IIL
Lh
KN
\
\

SMOKING CAMELS!

(nachos. 43:39:34“

   
   

4

 

 

 

ate students acting as head resi-
dents, instead of the comfortable
couch and spacious ﬁre place!

Nobody at Pierce Hail dares to
catch measles! The inﬁrmary is
housing two healthy frosh.

Once upon a time, the single
rooms at North Hall were lone-
some. Now, Mrs. Brimmer has pro-
vided companions for every single.
and now no one is alone.

A certain member of the class of
‘52 came to State with the idea of
picking up a room at St. Mary‘s
housing project, with no previous
reservation. Rumor has it that he
is thinking of folding his six foot.
four inch frame into a pup tent on
the dorm ﬁeld.

Last spring. both Wren and St.
Thomas More Halls were sold. The
resulting overﬂow is responsible for
the present conditions. The ar-
rangements locating freshmen at
odd spots around the “campus.”are
temporary and have served to house
girls who had been accepted as stu-
dents. until halls on Western Ave-
nue are prepared for occupancy.

Leaping from top bunk to top
bunk is good sport in a zoo. but in
the game room at Sayles, it be-
comes a necessary method of com—
munication for fourteen frosh who
live there.

Remember the “Hen-Coop" ad-
jacent to the gym at Sayl-cs? Again.
eight bunk-mates call that room
home.

When it became a choice of find-
ing cramped housing for a short
period of time. or refusing entrance
to girls already accepted as fresh-
men, the extra cots and closet
spaces were juggled about by the
Alumni ofﬁce for weeks. The re-
sults are different. and a little
cramped. but because they are in-
dicative of better housing ahead.
the freshmen are here and seem
grateful for thc ciIol‘ts spent in
their behalf.

4%qu 400010824 l

Dr. Evnn R. Collins. State Col—
lcge President. presided nt i1 meet-
ing hold in chruc-c, New York.
Members of State Teachers Coi-
logos and Agricultural Institutes
met to discuss what cun be done to
promotc conservation through edu-
cation. chrrscnting State Collegc
were Dr. Joseph Loose. Professor of
Education. Dr. Paul C. Lcinoii. As-
sistant Professor of Biology and Mr.
Howard H. Flicri. Assistant Pro-
i'cssor of Sociul Studlcs.

Assistant Pi'oi‘cssor of Spanish.
Dr. Sara H. MocGonuglc. spent six
works in thc Sultillo Mountains of
Mexico.

Dr. Mili‘y iii. (ircnuiidci‘. lusli'iici—
or in English. spcnt tlic sununcr
studying at tiic Sorbonnc Univcrsi-
iy in Paris.

l)r. Cuthcrinc W. Pcltz. Assisiiinl
Professor of English. is iioii oii
Subbuliciil Lcuvc

l'icliii'iiing i'roni Subbuiicul l.c:ivc
is Dr. ltolici'l Riciiow. Political
Sclclicc Pi'oi'cssoi',

Mi'. lili‘lltll'd S. lluuscr. iliology
instructor. look purl in u cruisc
with llic lloiuiiicnl Sociciy of
Aincrlcu.

Mr. Paul ll. Pcliit. lnsirucior in
liiiiglish. lius bccu clccicd l‘llilii‘lllilll
oi spciikcrs on iiisuruiicc who :irc
(|lllllllli'(l lo lccliirc lo collcgc
ltl‘olllis

OTTO ll. MENDE

'l‘lllii (‘()l.l.l-I(ll!l .lliinillililli

I 03 (lentriil Ave.

 

 

 

 

 

Emil .l. Nagengast

liin thi'c lhc l“ll)\\'t'i's (ii'ow
l"loi‘isl A" iii'cciiliotisc

(‘oriicr of
()N’I‘Mili) A lil-INHUN

I)I.'\I. l’ll‘ll‘)
(‘ollcg’c l"lt~i‘l.\‘l l'iii‘ Yi‘ili's

Hpcciiil Allciilioii lo
Horoi'itics uiid l"l'illi'|'llill:'.‘i

 

 

Mathews Lists

For Graduates

(Continued from Page 1, Column 2)

Robert Van Dam, Valatie. Mathe-
matics and Science; Anna J. Olin.
Barker. Latin and Spanish; Elsie
Landau. Kinderhook, Mathematics;
huth Hurr. Liberty, English; Ethel
Gcl‘i.tl'llall, South Haiisburg. Social
Studies; Zena Sottile. Pine Plains.
Latin and French; Audrey Steiger-
wald, Oxford, French and English;
Nancy Mowbray. East Islip. Eng-
lish; Ronald Dixon. Worcester. Sci-
ence; William Pawiuckie. Clyde.
Social Studies and English; Menzo
Brown. Ravena. Commerce; Charles
I-‘raii. Pine Plains. Social Studies;
Leah Hunter, Perth. Commerce;
Zana Olmstead. Davenport. French
and Spanish; Bonnie J. Lewis.
Chatham. Mathematics. Science;
Dorothy Kern. Orangeburg. Eng-
lish; Martin Bush. Kerhonkson.
English and French; Norma Schry-
ver. Angola. Spanish and Social
Studies; Laurence Ostrnndcr. Ker-
honkson. Commerce; Hclcn 'i‘isch—
ler. Carmel. Commci‘cc; June Pct-
crs. Wai‘i'cnsburg, Commerce; Ful-
riciu Rourke. Wiirrcnsburg, Com-
merce and Mathematics; Charles
Trim. Castlcton: Jean Vulzichovic.
Bainbridgc. French and English;
Bcv-crly Sittig. Opponhcim. Coin-
mercc; Glciiycc Jones. Booiivilic.
Commerce;,Virginiu Ostcrwald. Ar-
gyic. English and Spanish: Carolyn
Wool. Buinbridgc. Junior High Eng-
lish' Rohci‘t Kitlrcdgc. Oiicontii.
English; Millard Smith. Chcrry
Vullcy. Social Studies.

Hi ldu Rivcnburgh. Bellvillc.
French and English: Ann-c Su-
lich. Trcadwcil. Scicncc and
Muthcinntics: E i h cl Roscnbcrg.
East Islip. Coinincrcc; Jca'nnc
Sclkirk. Wcstpori. French and
English: Joscph b‘ioddnrd ch-
row. English and Library; Miii'y
Elirabtth Whitney. Aicxundcr. So-
cial Studies; (liilord Wingntc, Hoo-
sick Pulls. English; Stuart Roycc.
North Crcck. Stricncc: Gloria Do-
nnto. Uticu. ()oinnicrcc; Willlill‘l
Braydcn. Cocymuns. Q.cicncc and
Nlitlllt‘lilnili'sﬁ .loycc l)i'-l:crsoii. Liikc
(icoigw. it‘nglish and Library; Bciic
.lillllt' .loncs. Rcd Hook. English
and Muthcinuiics; Doiiuld McRiic.
Wushinglouvlllc. Scicncc; Bni'bui‘u
Hoiick. Pliic l’lulns. li‘ngiisli; Evclyn
M'uttison. Williamson. English and
Library; Mary Oduk. Virgil. Eng—
ll'-l and Library. Muriuii it'crlong.
M;ir.,urciviilc. lilnglish; Fltll'l‘llii‘
Mucc. North Rosc. Mathematics
and Latin; lil‘l'lli‘Hlllli‘ Snyder. Vcs~
l:il. Cliilllllt‘i"l‘: SllZilllili' F'l'l‘i‘tllililll.
’l‘roy. English and Spcccli; Mur—
gurci l.ylc. Windsor. iiinglish: Mur-
ffill'l‘l Hotuling, llillsdulc. (loin—
iiici'cc; Jack Kirby. lil‘tit‘liptil'l.
Mullll‘lllilHt‘s und liiology; Murici
chks, lillli'lllilll'g, Hciciicc; llill‘l‘li'l'
’I":o"cr, Wc\l llcinpslcud. .~.cvcni'
griidc: .lcuii i’iilvcr. l’li'uriziiilYlil‘.
l“|'('ll('ll und Hotiiii Hluilics.

Pili‘l' Yoiiiiiniis. l'iusl (lrcciihi'.
Hociul Hludics illltl liliiglish; .li..1.
Yoiununs. i)r.ipcr High School.
Schciirciutly. English uiid Hociiil
Hindu-s; l’i'ul'l l’lcss. liliincbccli.
.\l;iilicinuiics; .icuiiiic iiunscil. Hill'-
i'nnillc. .\l:iihciii:ilic.~ iiiul l.uliii:
Vli"..llllil \Ndlli‘. (iorliuui. (‘oiiiiiii-i'cc;
l‘Iilllly Uznniisku. li‘oi‘l l’luin. (‘oin
iiici'cc; liicliui'd lliiyiord, ll:l\llll.l.
(‘iiii:i. Mullicmulics und ll_\'-li“~.
lictty .luiic l)iiiioii. l"liil‘lllil. l"rcnch
.iild I illli: .‘\l'lllh‘ liibci'. llllill'll. Ho~
ciul Hiiulics; .lillli' lioiici'ii. 'l‘i'oy.
l‘ill'llli’lllHi')‘. l"l'll|it‘i*.\ Howu. llcll
uiorc. l‘iliillhll} :\'.iiics Hiisso. liighv
luud lt‘ullx. l“l'i'|l"li lllltl HllillllHli
.ioliii ()‘Mcui'o. llolion Landing. Mic
llll‘lllillli'h illlil ‘s'ciciicc. wliii'y Mur-
oiii. (iilhcrlsvillc. Latin and ling-
|i~li. Mill":ill'i'l Hciiiniiii. Albany-
H'hciiccliiih lloud. Hociul Hludics
.lllll liliigli-li: .-\idu liu llroiiio. l"lll~
ionvillc, Miilliciuulics :lllil i.:iiiii;
t‘iiihirinc (iroiil. i’ci'lli, English.
Milllli'lliiilli‘m and l.ll)|‘ill‘\'l qun
(Honor. (icrniouiouii l"l'l‘|il'll,
Hoonuh .llll l'iliilll‘dl li‘ruiiccu t‘cin»
til Iii lli‘litli'l"lili. Mililll‘lilillli'h uiid

l‘oii/iumil oii I'ooi o, l'oliiiiiilfw

 

H. F. Honikel & Son

l'liiiriniicists
1"(illliill‘il liltili I’lioiic ~l"£lil~iii

157 (‘ciilrnl Arc.

.'\I.II1\N\'. N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

Freshmen JourneyTo Frosli Camp
‘ To OpenState College“ Year

Frosh camp. the annual excuse
for upperclassmen to get together
before school starts to renew ac-
quaintances, once again brought to
light the talents of the freshman
class. Good food, cool nights. and
a varied program of sports proved
to be the order of the day. once
camp was made.

The opening campfire on Friday
night brought to light several in-
teresting items, foremost of which
is the sudden interest Camp Direc-
tor Earle Joncs has taken in tur-
tles. Here also was the title of
“Gluck” tacked onto one bold young
freshman.

Frosh Divided

To carry out a sports program.
the freshmen were divided into two
teams. the Reds and the Blues.
Throughout the day the two teams
were evenly matched with the Blues
copping football, softball and horse-
shoe pitching. and the Reds hold—
ing forth in basketball. Swimming.
however. ended in a tie. throwing
the over-all competition award to
the Blue team.

Dill'lllg the second day in camp.
the long strain of outdoor living
begun to take its toll. the victims
including even Coach Hathaway
With the arrival of faculty visitors.
news of the outside world bcgun
leaking in. and among other itcms
was news of a huge policc round-up
in the Albany area. To this piccc
of information. our rcnowncd fuc-
iilty advisor was heard to remark.
“It‘s gt‘tting so a man can‘t cvcn
commit a crime uiiyinorc“

Bed (‘hccking Installed

Another outstanding example oi"
the efficiency of this ycnr's camp
was the systcin of bcd-chccking
which was installed. To prove that
his heart was in the right ])lil('i'.
Director Jones cvcii used his scnior
hour to miikc surc all thc i'rcshmcn
were sni'cly in bcd. In fact. as it
turned out. illl wcrc iiccountcd for
except the couiisclors.

liiis (‘oiiipiiiiy (‘oopci'utcs

’l‘o inukc surc llliil lhcrc was ill
lcast oiic iiicniory from i'rosh camp.
the bus coinpiiiiy coopcrutcd by lcl—

.llllg. c'.ci'yonc wait for two hours

bcforc lht- busscs urrivcd.

Our pi‘t‘diciioiis i‘or lhc class of
1953:

l. ’l‘hcy huvc iiiiiiiy promising
uthlctcs to sli‘cnglhcii Stiiic's iciuns.

2. ’i‘hcy huvc illt‘li‘ sliiirc oi sill—
dcnts who will bc rcincinbcrcd for
thcir iiciioiis. ruilicr than thcir
scholastic iibllily.

All in oil. ll()'\\'i'\t‘l'. ilic c.iinp wiis
.i hugc siicccss. u iribuic to ilic
planning of (‘ouch lliilhuwuy. l)oi‘—
lill‘ l,cnioi1. :iiid l‘iiil'll‘ .ioncs and llix
sliiil'.

Women Attend
Hockey Camp

lloclicy. iood. llllt'lii‘\. lood,
lioclicy. ocd who! is ll'.’ lliu'lim
cuinp! (‘uii lhc l‘illglisli oiiipl.i\ our
own Ainci'i'uii gil‘l.‘~ lll iicld hocio-i"
Miss Applciiy. llli' :cicniy'gicoi»ol.l
(lll'l‘t'llil' oi :i llll'il‘ \\l‘t'l\'“ hockc\
c.iiiip lll i’ciiiisyhuiiiu pro\i--. [li.ll
llli'_\ run. and .iiisl us]; [no lll'i'll
Static siudciiiu \\lio hu\c conu- hack
to Albany lo l'l‘l'll|ll‘l‘llli‘ uiicr u
coinplclch cxhouslum \icck ill this
camp. 'l‘lic 'oo.l wus pool. ilic bcds
\vcro Mill lilll who hud iiinc ioi'
llli'lli? liockcy '\\.l:~ pliiycd morning.
noon no not night or. ycl iiicy
liiivcii'i put up spot lights to llllllil—
iiuiic ihc iiclds! l'hci’y l'\‘l'lill|.‘. lhc
itii'ls could wins with on lllll‘l'i'wlr
ing lccliu'c oii liockcy!

Most sllllli‘lll‘a ui‘cii'l .|\\illl' oi lhi.
i'illliii'h l'Xl‘di'lll'i‘ l-Iicii \l'ill how

cvcr. wi\.-\ sciuis l\\ii cgiliulili' l"liii

lioclicy phiyci's lo ;:.iin i'\]il‘i'll'ill'l'
in tlic guiiic uiid llll'll couch our
own hoclicy prnciiccs i-iil‘ll uccli lll

ilic iiill Ailcr you rcc iiic girls tui
practicing llil‘ll' liiiigc. Hicks, and ii‘i.l
scoops on ﬁutui'diiy lilili'lllilg you ulcl.

i‘iill bc surc lhut iicxt yciii' lhc l-Iiii',- iliillllll'
cliil. \\llll'll put inch on :wcoiul and

lish i‘tiill'llcs \iill liil\t' soinciliiiig to

worry about. ' “1"”-

thc usual ordcr:
For ‘51:. limiting). .lumcs Warden ‘51. iumpiring). Mr. Edward .I. Sahel.
lihc protrusion). Mr. Richard llnuscr. Mr. Raymond Vcrrey.

diiiiis‘ Bob Lcinoii on lhc mound. it
was Stiiic‘s Dr. icinoii.

first. it was Roy "Tlic Lip“ Vcrrcy.

faculty would chuliciigc thc incom-
ing i'rosh to u guinc of softball. Ailil
so us thc irosh slcppcd up to but

iiig shift and two ringcrs took ihc
ilcltl. 'l‘hc ringcrs \vcrc liziy Vcri'cy
Kupncr who was
coiti'cd with all kinds of lllSlll'illlL'l‘.

'llic guiiic s:.irlcd oii bud l'oi' llic

piisiicii Il.ll i'iic hi. runs iii ilic :.cc—
ond. .\lo.~.i oi ihc iiius cuinc by llll
initiii‘iicd iiicli.otl \\iill t‘. (‘. Hlliiili

, :\ .~..ii :iililll.|i pin). by

'/

ill Io pick up :l :xlon rollcr :iiid lic
ilippcd ll io l":iirh:nil\'. \\ho l‘il\l'i'l‘\l

i‘rl‘dll

iilil‘

mo ll 1 d oti dilll :ui iiiiicld
ltoppci' liizi:
ill“
.il'iillllll
ciiclc.l ihc hmcx illlil hi'oiitzlii
ill‘
lllilil'i llli ll.l‘~l' Illlliilii;' l’\
l.i' \\i‘lll lII ‘~|'l‘i)|lll llll illl

li‘uii'ouiiii iolloaid \iiili .oi iiiiicil

 

llr. l'iiul Lemon. Mr. Roswell Fairbanli. Ii‘rank

Experience Succumbs To Youth
in Faculty-Freshman Sluglesi

through us lic hit into ii ficldcr‘s

clioicc.
(‘. (‘. Star's

Thc top of thc fifth siiw C. C.
Smith giiib it home run ball in deep
ici't. I—lowcycr. he was mad because
ll} had to t.lkc his hands out of
his pockcls to inukc the catch. In

ihc boiioin of thc i'ii'th the faculty
])l('lit‘.l up ziiioihci' Hill as Kupncr
got on sccoiul by no error and
sroi‘i'tl on another crror. C. C.
Smith oiicc :igiiin gave the crowd
u ilirill us hc drovc one dccp to
ccntcr. but u finc cutch ended the
inning. Kupncr conic on to do the
pitching in thc sixth and was in line
form as iic sci thi- i'rosh down l-2—
:i. In fact no hull was hit out of
tlic iiii'icid; so Hurry 'Fussow hud
ll c.ilch with hiinscli' in cciitcri'icld
to kccp lll pructicc. 'l‘hc l'iiciiliy
llll't‘illt‘llt'.l ill llic lust of the sixth

but i‘uilcd to scorc. 'l‘hc top of llic
scvcnih wzis tlic dowiii'ull l'or tlic
iiiculiy :lh ol.l ngc bcgun to show.

it siuricl oif with (iibson booting
onc. but l"illl'l)illll( pickcd it up :lll(l

iliiltlt' ilic throw to first. in iiinc.

l’lli\\'("\l‘i' illill wus tlic lust bit oi
ll. ch :is ill] l'.i‘il\'(‘ll l)l'()l\'i‘ loow :iiid
ii.c l'llll‘x cuinc in hci'ori- thc iii'c
i'iilll'l l;c pill oiil.

l~‘.ici;liy's lust Stand

'l'hc 1.i.'ul y inudc o guinc :iitcinpi
ill ii.c lil‘i li.lll oi llic M'y‘l'lllll but
i'lillltl iiol did :i i'ully going. ’l‘lic.
did ‘il iwo llll'll on hiisc. 'l‘lic l'iiiul
:».'tll‘l‘ \\.l‘~ li-ii.

,-\ ihc pom-rs \\‘cl'c \\‘llll{lll‘.'. oil
llli‘ iicl.| liil.\ i‘cpoi'lci' lli‘ill'(l (‘. (‘.
l‘llllilil Ilillllilillli: io liiiiiscli, "Wc‘ll
c hicziic ilic duiiin llilili: yci."

0rd @n 7/te [and

'I'i‘udiiionul to Mill urc pumpkins.
.hoo: .ind :o.i.;.to piciiiciioiis 'ihc
poi ‘..ill. not llllllililli‘ lo ihc
_u-:: t. .l in autumn. ulllilli‘ll lhc
.to;ii.o.i t.tl'l'lllll\. und c.inic up
\\i ll l.i‘ illllli\\lli:: liii't‘.‘.l.‘~l. which
iii l.ll.lllll':il io lli' llili'. iiiiy-
illll.

i‘..i- »1ioi.:'ci c.i li'lll ic.ini looks
to ltl- l‘oi'ili'll ll llilii .i \\'c:lllli ol
lil.i|lllll" |ll.ll ‘ii.ll and strong rc-

'l':\l'~ :\ruiy hm. almost as good

on ouzl ok. .Illil prohuhli l'ill".\ acc—
tlllll

l"iiliii\\l|l lhc i’ii.iili ior lhc \\lll-
li'l'. our lili'illi‘llilll iii ihc ~oiilh \\ill
hc .i dull; hoi-c Wc'll go oiil on
l lilllli uni ,iirli \'uiidci'iiill us ltiiis
Ill iiiol «viliill Loyal Hiiliwuy :\l-
l.lllli| \yili piohuiily \\llll'll Noii'c
ll.lllll‘ .i".iill I'.ll oli \iilli niilioiiul
lliliil‘~ '\ll .\u\, ihcy‘ll lll' tops lll
l.ii- liii.lr'.\c‘l l'il\‘~lllll‘ l‘illlill lll N l)
u» u ll.llliill.ll 'li.l|ll|llliiirxll|}) \clcc-
lliill iwl c .‘ioiilliucul‘s sll'oiic, liltin—
ll'il‘lil \l.lll\ iil|.ll'il'l‘; :ii'c culliiii:
lllllll llh' w‘i’oii‘cui iii Ilic country
ill‘s \i.il

l‘robohic Wimi (‘ousi cliuiiip Ho
t‘uliloiiii.l. and from llic ,iunililc iii
lln- llig. ltl. Michigan ugulii.

s‘rArs coLL‘EéE'NEWs; salon.“ ssp‘rsmaaea. 1949

Soccer Proposal
Faces Assembly 5

In our first Student Association

Assembly, a proposal requesting
sufficient funds to inaugurate a fail
varsity sport will be introduced.

Last semester a group of students

worked hard planning and deter-
mining the cost. making a budget,
and gauging the amount of inter-

est that would be shown by the stu--

dents. Time passed very rapidly,
and before we realized it, the close
of the semester was upon us; the
subject had not been discussed and
it was too late to include it in the
assembly program since this was a
financial motion. Because of this it
was decided to hold the proposal
until the Fall semester.

The interest shown by many peo-
ple with whom we talked favored
the institution of a fall sport. In
compul‘ing relative expenses. we
found that football was at least
seven times as costly as soccer in
equipment costs alone. In soccer
as in any newly adopted sport. the
first year is the most expensive be-
cause initiai equipment must be
purchased. However, in later years
the major cost of any sport is
travel. In this area eight games can
be scheduled with RiFI. Siena.
Union. and ABC. Games could like-
wise be scheduled with Champlain.
Ithaca. Hamilton. Hartwick, Cort-
land. Syracuse. and Cornell.

Several possibilities for field
spucc are available for practice and
homc inuichcs. These include:
Blcckci' Stadium. Beverwyck Park,

Terrace Field, and Page Field when
intriunuriils are not scheduled.

This proposal has the approval

of M.A.A.. and Mr. Hathaway has
iigrced to coach the team since he
would like to see soccer instituted
at State.

Wc \\'l\lll your criticism and your

opinions. Most of all. we need your
help in obtaining the necessary
funds.

Ruih, Elly,

Oncc ugiiin Women's Athletic As-

sociation wclcomcs its members—-
both ncw and old.

Assuming you illl have plenty of

pcp and cnthusiusin lci't from the
suinincr's vncutioii wc'vo pliiiiiicd
nuincrous activities to keep you
biny.

Wc'rc starting our your off with

u bang iii ilic Frosh Ploy Dny 0c.-
tubci' l on lllc Dorm Ficld. Upper—
(‘l.lh‘illi'li. this is for you, too! Fro—
lic on ilic field with your frosh
i'rirosis. filling voursclvcs with food
and fun.

'l‘lic sports scusoii will bcgili llic

iollowing wcck with ll()(‘l{i‘_\‘. hik-
ing. orchci'y. tcniiis. riding and
\‘ollcybiill.

licrc‘s your chuiicc to corn your

ii\\'ill‘(l. whcihcr you urc u frosh or
on old Sl'llltil‘.

l“oi‘ crcilit in four sports. first

yciir. ilic award is your class inim-
trail 'ilic sccoiitl ycui‘ award is n
W .\,;\. iccslill‘l. 'l‘iic iic.\'t ycor of
participation rcsulis in ii WAA.
lit-y; and :it lhc coiiiplciioii of four
\"nii': oi ~rcihi. u charm to your

‘\lil’.li' sport 1:. invui'dcd.
(ii ctilii'hc you won‘t wuiii to miss
wcckcnd iii Ciimp Johnston.

Fiuic‘s own cunip ior its fcniiiic
"cunipslcrs." Nothing l'(‘(|llll'l‘(l cs—
ccpt u gun: and u hcultiiy consti-
iulioii. l"i)l' llll‘lllt‘l‘ information on
[his scc llic W./\.A. bullctin board,

'1 hc ycur is (ll\'i(l(‘(l into four scu-

:iillN, hill. wiiiicr. niid-wliitci'. und
~|il'lli;.'., clming with on award Illiilll
liilllillil'l or gciici‘ui icstivc gnllici'-
liig'.

i“;ill Hcpi 21 to Nov. lit).

Wiiilci Nov lid to Fri). l.
.\iid-\’t’iiilci" l"cli. i to l‘iilh‘ll‘l‘ Vuc
le'llil'. l'ilihll‘l' Viic to May as
(liil' iiiiior proiccl for tlic yciir

\\lll bc ihc uiiiiiiul N. Y. Stulc
W .-\.:\ (‘oiiici'ciicc 'o bc licltl lici'c
curly in l)cccliiiii‘l'. liclcgutcs from
.~oiiic liui'iy coilcics will iittciid.
'l‘licrc's much to bc done. so let's
iill piicli in and inukc it ii success.

llci‘c'i. to oil iicllvc year in W.A.A.

and tlic uclivc menus YOU.

  

PAGE“. I; 7.

 

‘71“, spade!»

.._by ANDREW ROSSETTI...

The students of state had their
various welcomes this week as they,
one by one, Journeyed back to Al-
bany. The fresh had fresh camp. the
Sophs. Juniors and Seniors had the
long registration lines. We had the
pleasure of meeting Dr. Collins, the
new president of the College.

Being a little inquisitive as to Dr.
Collins’s thoughts or ideas on
State‘s athletic program. both intra-
mural and intercollegiate, we ex-
changed ideas for a while. Starting
from the bottom. Dr. Collins believes
that State does not have the proper
facilities to carry on an extensive
athletic program. In the near fu-
ture Dr. Collins is hoping for a rem-
edy to the problem with the erec-
tion of a new gymnasium with all
the expected facilities. At the mo-
ment he sees the need for new
classrooms, a new dorm. a new li-
brary. a better cafeteria, but still
has the picture of the new gymna-
sium hanging on the wall of his
office.

Athletics Necessary

Dr. Collins stated the necessity
for a wide participation in athletics
on the students' part here at State.
He commented on the fact that
many students leave State and are
asked to supervise various athletic
programs in high schools. If these
students have never come in con-
tact with a good athletic program
with adequate facilities they can‘t
accomplish the former. Thinking
along the same line Dr. Collins
mentioned the fact that many of
these students will some day be ad-
ministrators directly responsible for
athletic programs in high schools
and again. as before. this necessi-
tates contact with the aforemen-
tioned program.

As always the question of wheth-
er State will have a football team
come full weather popped into the
picture. Dr. Collins wished to see
State represented on the gridiron,
but only if the proper facilities are
available.

and George

Men‘s Athletic Association bids
all you fresh and transfer students
welcome to S.C.T. and especially to
our athletic program. We feel our

sports program has a spot in it

for everyone.
Upon piiyiiicnt of the student for

all the male students at S.C.T. be-
come incinbcrs of M.A.A. In our
intramural program we have ico-
gucs in socccr. football. basketball.
volleyball. bowling and softball. in
golf, buscbiili. tcnnis. bowling. and
bnskctbuil wc liiivo varsity icuins.
M.A.A. ulso sponsorcd tumbling
and rifle clubs. Lust year We wcrc
succcssiiil in orguiiizing u badmin-
ton cliib illl(l wc hope to increase
thc club progi‘uin in swimming
and othcr sports.

Participation is cosy. Iii tlic pro-

per season sign-up shccts are posi-
cd on tho builciin board and you
can sign up as on individual or
iorui your own team.

Club incinbcrship is also \vidc

opcii. Here again uli you have to
do is rcport to the propci‘ pliicc
whcn uoiiccs iirc postcd. Club inun-
iigcrs will be glad to welcome all
ncwcoincrs. ’I‘hc clubs iirc not or-
ganich .iiisi ior thc skillcd. Noviccs
arc iiivltcd io i‘()llll'. lcnrn and co-
.ioy tlicinsclvcs.

thn llic cull goes out for u \'ili‘-

siiy sport you can answer it if you
think you liuvc thc potciiiliilitics.
Ai'lcr u try-out (‘oiich l‘lilillilWily
will dcciiic if you run inukc thc
’l'ilill‘.

All intriiiniiriii progruins conic

undcr thc poiiii iiwiii'd syslcin. lly
ciignging in u sport. club. or hold-
ing a position you (‘iill ili‘qllli‘t‘
points. Students with llli‘ grciiicst
number of poiiils will rcccivc sult-
ublc iiwurds. 'l‘liis syslciii will bc
cxpliiliicd to you in grcntcr (ll'iilll.
'i‘licsc. along with suggcsiions of
any kind will bc wclcomcd by M.A.A.
Council. Suggcstions can be turned
in to M.A.A. viii illc Mailbox out-
siilc the P0,. Conch i-luliiuwny or
any council mcinbcr. Our aim is to
make this a big year in sports with
everyone engaging in some athletic.
activity.

