 


1i
i


“ 

ms». 5—...“ 

   
 

 

 

 PAGE 0

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 29. 1949

Request Loan OI Costumes
For AD Spring Production

Costumes of the 1890 period are
needed by Advanced Dramatics for
the spring production of the spring
production “The Corn Is Green,

° Pi Gamma Mu will sponsor a according to Martin Bush '49. Any
F   trip to Hyde Park. May 14. ECGOFd- students who have such costumes—

i c 'r i" V I ,
Slate Actwrties, Students To Pay Schedules Trip
Weekend Plans
1118' I0 Mﬂl‘Vln Wayne '49. Pl'eSl- in particular, shawls, hats, high
All students. graduates as well as dent. Buses will leave the college at button shoes_and are willing to

 SChedM‘s Dancc’ undergraduates. who have not yet 8:30 am. and will return before lend them are asked to contact
Newman IVCF Plan obtained their Student Tax tickets 4:30 r-m- Bus fare will total $2.17 Bush through Student Mail.

. . . . per person, and enrtance fees will
Discussion, Pilgrimage  m 1. _ , . . t
81 b o 09' a? Id “001 Dmpel’ 0 open to all State students. All those

The heads of the various reli- purchase their tickets, according to wishing, to go Should contact Hap .
gious organizations have released Rodney Folder '49. chairman of the 01d G Vaughn .50 by May 11 Stu‘ ‘
their list of .activities for this week- Student Board of Finance. No one dent; We to bm‘lg their' own _
end and the coming week. Helen will be allowed to graduate unless luncl‘les‘ i B o u L E V A R D
Eaton ’49, vice-president of IVCF, he has paid for his tax ticket. Grad- '
has announced that Friday, May 6. oat: tux lfort one s-eiincstetr is $$3.50. Ask Cooperation :
at 8:15 .m. there will be an Inter- Un ergracua 0 tax 5 se at 8.50 I I
Varsity pTri-City meeting at the a semester. Fol 4’9 HandbOOk
RPI Clubhouse. Dr. Herbert S. Me-
keel, who is pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church in Schenec-
tady and professor at Nyack Mis-

Religious Clubs ‘1 Felder Requests Pi Gamma Mu

. PHONE
Several organizations have not

Those Seniors and Graduates responded to contacts regarding I
who have paid only three dollars items for the Freshman Handbook. '
for their diploma are asked to re- All groups who wish to be included
‘8' Wm port to Dr. Cooper's ofﬁce to pay in the forthcoming issue, are re-
:LZZiryon lfggiggﬁectlgﬁufgoly L1v_ the additional one dollar, . which quested to turn in corrections im-
ing” is a part of the cost of the diploma. mediately. to the respective asso-

' Veterans will not receive Student ciate editors. from whom they 2.1- y. , ., ,.

Today Mrs. Travers will lead the Tax tickets or diplomas if they do ready have received notices. 5i 198'200 (’ENIRM‘ AVENUE
study hour from 3:30 pm. to 4:30 not sign up with Dr. Cooper for All organizations not complying
pm. in Room 150 on the topic of them. Both are taken care of under will be described with last year's

 

“The Gospel of John," On Thurs- the GI. Bill. write-up. -r..__.wv 17:477.”.  -____V

are requested to report to Dr. Coop- be a maximum of $75. The mp is mmm;—.=m.—,§Tigﬁ

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUT."

 

Students May Obtain Peds

Students may receive their copy
of the Pedagogue, Tuesday morn-
ing after 10 am. and all day Wed-
nesday, upon presentation of their
student tax ticket at the Annex in
the lower hall of Huested. accord-
ing to Marie Holz. Co—Editor.

Those students who entered the
college second semester will not be
able to obtain a Pedagogue unless

they have paid the extra fee.

'OAFETERIA

5-1913

 

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

day. May 5. in Room 23. Stewart
Merriam of Union College will
speak on “Blood Under the Moon.”

IZFA Announces Plans

Thelma Kinberg '51. vice-presi-
dent of IZF‘A announced that the
capital district colleges will cele-
brate the Independence Day of Is-
rael with a dance on May 14. spon-
sored by the Hillel Foundation, to
be held at the 15th Street Lounge.
RPI. and a picnic May 15 at That-
cher Park. Adele Gerow '50. presi-
dent has released the result of the
IZFA elections which took place
April 26. Gloria Silverstein '51 was
elected Chairman; Beatrice Meis-
ter '52. Secretary-Treasurer; Mil-

C Esr

 

A w

 

  

MAKE OUS THE MILDER CIGARETTE

 

dred Builein '52. Committee Repre-
sentative.

  
     

Plan Pilgrimage

Alice Reilley '50. president of
Newman Club has announced that
a pilgrimage will be made to the
Shrine at Auriesville. Sunday. May
1. Mary Randall '50 is chairman of
the affair. Buses will leave from
Newman Hall, 741 Madison Ave-
nue. at approximately 10 a.m. The
fare will be $1.25 per person. There
will be the annual Communion
Breakfast on Mother's Day. May 8.
Mass will be at the Small Grotto
at 9 am. and breakfast will be
served at Herbert‘s at 10:15 am.
Robert Unholz ‘51. chairman. has
announced that the cost of the
breakfast will be $1.50 per person.

Catherine Grant '49, president of
SLA. has announced that Rev.
Lewis will lead a discussion on
Courtship and Marriage on Tues-
day. May 3 at 3:30 pm. in the
Lounge.

Juniors Will Receive Rings

Harold G. Vaughn. presidan of
the Class of 1950. has announced
that caps. canes. and armbands for
Moving-Up Day will be on sale ncxi
Week in the Co—op. The class rings
will 2113?) be available ncxi wcck,

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portraiture Ai its Finest"

 

‘ ‘

 

HOLLYWOOD COMICS
ICAS'I‘ TO TAKE
YOUli I’Oli'l‘liAl'l‘

 

The TOP MEN of AMERICA’S SPORTS
smoke CHESTERFIELD

WHlTEY LOCKMAN says..."li's Chesterfields for me
P everyiime. i smoke 'em because they re

 
 
 

‘ ‘

   

()I'I'IN 9.00 to 5130 DAILY

 

 

. II
Evenings by liiiilfilllIJliitlll. reauy milder and better-TOSlmg

 
  

'I'I‘ll.lﬂl’H(_)NIS 4-0017

ill I MADISON AVENUE
Town”! WW. beam or Mun i‘umm Lu

 

 

 

MORE COLLEGE STUDENTS SMOKE
(HESTERTIEIDS THAN ANY OTHER CIGARETTE

I" LATEST NATIONAL SURVEY

 

 

 

l
i.
i
.i
I
I
l
l
l
i

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

State College New

   
 

YOUR. count? 4

inseam: ’70,?

 

2-444

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

FRIDAY. MAY 6.

1949

VOL. XXXIII NO. 24

Traditional - Ceremonies In Page Hail To Initiate

State’s Thirty-Sixth Annual Moving Up Day

Purdy, Van Evera

To Direct Skits
Tomorrow Night

Classes To Present

Murder Plot, Comedy

Lcd by Jcscph Purdy ‘51. and Do-
ris Vliil Evcru '52. the Sophomores
und i'rcsluucii will present the lust
portion of rivalry pertaining to
drnmuiics with thc Moving—Up Duy
skits. in Pogi- iii 0:45 pm. ioinor-
row.

‘iisi in ilic Sophomorc "Who-
dunii." "Murcicr In ilic Commons."
wriiicii and dirccicd by Purdy. urc
Jumcs Jiusio. Kcmicih Ludlum,
Jacquelyn Mann. Wulicr Kcllcr.
Joun Whiiciiifi. Puirick Doolcy.
Murilui Downcy. Mary Powers.
Janc Cook. Elcunor C‘iuarino. Jay
Millcr. Ruih Brccu. John Pcighial.
Rita Bissonciic. Muric Sarantos.
Churloiic Skolnick. Cliirycc Jeanne
Pcrciiu. Robcri Rcuo. Jamcs Wur-
dcn. Marilyn Sirchlow. und Lcsicr
I.-i'ViI1css. Sophomores.

Pairiciu J..i is in charge of scis,
\i‘Illli' (ieiic Hulil' is iiiziniitzing thc
ligliis. Props will be siipcrviscd by
Paul Kirsch. and Virginia Norion
will supcryisc ilic mukc—up coin-
miiicc.

Thc freshman comedy. "SC’l‘ Was
Herc." \\".ls wriiicn by Richard
Buck uiiil Donald Brooks.

Miss VanEvcra has announced
ihc following cast for ilic freshman
production deurd Pccnc, Gordon
Bcnncii. Donald Puiiermiin. Ross
li‘cdcrico. T'lill'\'l'.. Robinson. chry
Smith. Kcmzcih Orncr. Paul Luv-
cy. Hcrbcri i—lolliind. Duvici Shep-
licrd. .loyci- Lciivui. and Virginia
Maurcr.

Numc (‘hiiirmcn

()o-chuirmcn of ihc committees
iirc F'lorcncc Kloscr and Lynne
chnson. (iwcii Gullivun is heading
lIlz' sci ccmmiiiCc. with Grucc
Smith ill charge of make-up and
Vicioriii Buli‘iuo supcrvising cos-
iiimcs. Robcri Work and Alun
Sicphcnsoii are in cliiirgc ol' props.
and lighis li'hpt‘i'liVi‘Iy.

Residence Halls
Select Ollicers

Pour group houses. Ncwmiiii.
Picrcc, Siiylcs. iiiid Viiii Dcrzcc
liuls. ii‘iil ili‘."il(l|lh ihis wi-cl: for
oi'ilcci's for ilic coming ycul'.

Ai Muy lircuki'usi Sunday moro-
mg. l’lcrcc Illlll iiiiiioimccd iis iicw
:.iiic oi Ullli'i‘i'n. 'l‘lio-c clccicd :irc:
I‘rcsidi-iii. Miii‘joric Hills ‘50. Vice-
ill'i'hllll’lll. .iciinciic chunis ‘51;
'I‘rciisurcr. \'li‘i(i|'l:i lilurlc. '52: llil(l
Mcmlii-r—iild:ii‘gc. Aiiiiii lliuio ‘50.

Si-i'i-rul luriiliy llli'llliii‘l'n \\i‘l‘i'
guist ui \‘lui lirciikfusi whcii cicc»
iioii ri-siilis wcrc iiiuioiuiccii iii
.‘.i\ii' 'ii i‘ lilIlil'l“. .il‘i‘ I’l'i‘ril'ii'lll.
liiililh i\Iilli‘il ‘50, Vicc-prcsidciii.
(‘ollii.i I"ll/.Illl)l'l'l.\ '50; Sccrciury.
(‘i-cclio liziiiirii 'i’il; 'l‘rciisurcr. lil-
iiii-ilu K.oliiig '51. iiiiil Sport ."iiiii-
iliii'i’ Aiiii Iii'llllhi'll ':’ii,

Ni-u iillll'l‘i‘:. lor Vuii lJcrzcc iiiiil
ill'i‘ I‘l'i :lciii. .loiui l.clir; Vicc—
priniilciu. \Villiiiiii llclmcr Sci-rc—
iiiry. i’iiul Kirsch; 'l'i'ciisurir. Slu—
iii‘l (iilli'i._ illlil Hpoi'li. (lolliiiiiiicc
(‘liiiiriiuiii lioiiulil lioclihill. Sopli~
iillllll'i‘r.

ii... ('1- i-licicl ;:l l\'cwiii'ui lliill
r. l‘ l'iciii.~1ii, Fliii‘lci (ilhii‘l' '50;
ii.» I a: i'lll, .fiiiu l.i.u Johnson
.il, *s‘i'i'i’i-liiy. I"iiili-iii‘i~ Pui'l:. ‘51;
'ii .,~.ii.ii. 'llicrcu l‘oriu Till; I115-
[(2l'l.lll. .llilill i'i'l‘.~l':(ill ‘5)0: ou Al—
lllllillll' Sci'rciiii'y. Dorothy IJI'CIi'i'O

'3)!

Moaino- Wp .‘Daa/ schedule

8:30 am. Lines form in Draper
Hall

8:45 am. Processional from Dra-
per to Page

9 am. Program in Page Hall

12 noon Rccessional from Page
and the forming of Class
Numerals on Page ﬁeld;
Ivy speech

3 pm Student Council pop
party in Commons

6:45 pm. Rivalry skits in Page
Hall

7:30 pm. Sing
Awarding oi‘ Rivalry Cup

0 pm. Dancing in ilic Com-
mons

KDR, EEP, SL3
Choose Leaders

ForYeorl949-5O

Hcs‘ulis oi the rcccni Fruicrniiy
cl.;iioiis huyc bccu announccd by
three oi“ the organizations. Results
are as follows for Kappa Delta Rho:
President John J. Morris ‘50; Vice-
Prcsidcni. Wuync Gallagher ‘50;
Plcrlgcmzisior. William Engelhiiri.
‘51; Treasurer. J. William Dunn
 1 ; Corresponding Secretary,
(icorge Waldbillig ‘51; Recording
Secretary. Alfred DiCesare ‘50;
Cusiodiun. Kenneth Rutley '52:
Door chpcr. Harvcy Robinson '52;
Chuplulll, William lsley '51; Inter-
Friiicrniiy Council Representative.
Carroll Gullivun '50; Social Chair—
man. Eugene Pcirio '51: Athletic
Dirccior. Gerald Brophy ’51.

Ncwiy clccicd officers for Sigma
Lambda Sigma are: President.
Eurlc Jones ‘50; Vice—President,
Donald Taylor ‘50; Treasurer, Ed-
ward Sicurns ‘51: Corresponding
Sccrctury. Eugene Rolir '51; Re—
cording Secretary. Walt-er Keller
'51; Purliamcniarian, Robert Krcil-
mg '51; Riishmasicr. George Dicks
'51; Assisiau. Rushinusicr. Gordon
Boxilicll '52

Potter Club has choscn ilic fol-
lowing oi‘liccrs: President. Andrew
Rossciii ‘50: Vice-President. Lind-
lcy DcGurmo '50; Triaciircr, Poul
Ciiricr '51; Clerk. Thomas Yolc '52;
Alumni Sccrciiiry. Robert cho '51;
Club Hisioriun, Duiiicl 'l‘uuroncy
‘51; Ediior ol' ilic Poiic" Post. Jack
Pcigliiiil '51. lnic r - Priiicrniiy
Council ix‘cpii-sciiiaiii'c. .Tiinics
Wurdcn ‘51.

Midgiey Wins
Sectional Finals
In Hearst Contest

Dorothy Midgiey '40. won first
award Wednesday night in the sec-
tional ﬁnals of the Seventh Annual
Tournament of Orators. sponsored
by the Times Union in Albany. The
subject of ihc contestanis' speeches
was Alexander Hamilton.

Five Colleges of this area. iii-
cluding RPI. Russell Sage. Sicna.
Union and State, each were repre—
sented by one student. Second prize
was won by Donald Bowes of Rus-
scll Sage College. Clayton 'I‘. Bard-
wcll of Siena College took third
prize.

Miss Midgiey, accompanied by
her coach, Miss Elnora Drafiihl. In—
structor in English, will now com-
pcic in ilic Eastern Zonc Contest
with Boslon. Baltimore and New
York City urcu winners in New
York. Her awards for taking top
honors include a $150 war bond.
:1 stay in ilic Hotel New Yorkcr. an
iiirpliinc sightseeing trip over New
York Ciiy. ii boat trip up the Hud-
son Rivcr. and an cvcning iii the
Siork Club. The winner of the
Eastern Zone will journey to San
Francisco for ihe national ﬁnals.

College Faculty
To Hear Eurich

Dr. Alvin C. Enrich. President. of
the State University of New York.
wiil udurcss the faculty of Albany
Stiiic Tozichci‘s College at the fel-
loivship dinner at ilic DcWitt Clin-
ion hoicl ionight at 7 p. in. Dr.
Enrich will be introduced by Dr.
Elizabeth H. Morris. Professor of
Erlucaiion and President oi' the
Stlili.‘ College Unii of' the American
Axsociu'loll of Uiiirci'sity Professors.

Aciiig us mustcr of ceremonies
will be Dr. Paul 13. I’cttlt, who will
prcscni ilic Prcsiiicni. oi‘ ilic Piiciil-
iy Council. Dr. Wcszli-y Childcrs.
Proi‘cssor of Modern Languages.

Chulrmcn of ilic dinner, which is
sponsored by ilic Amcricun Associa-
tion of Uiiiycrsiiy .roi‘cisors and
thc sociiil committee of the fuculiy,
are Dr. Sara H, Mar-Lionuglc. As-
sistiini Professor of Spanish. and
Dr. Margaret L. Hayes. Assisiiini
Profcssor of Education.

Dr. and Mrs. Milton 0. Nelson

arc to bc giicsis of honor.

 

PEARL I'LESS
Grand Marshal

State Sororities
Elect Otticers

For Coming Year

The seven sororities have an—
nounced their new officers for the
year 1949-1950. Margaret Hoskhig
'50. will be President of Inter-So—
rority Council next year.

Now officers for Kappa DCIlil
arc: Biii'b-iru Siniih ‘50, President:
Margaret Vonudu ‘50. Vice-Presi-
diini; Joiinoiic Tea] '51. Corres-
ponding Sccrciul‘y: Beverly Kuhl-
kin ‘51. Treasurer; Mary Kusmeycr
'51. Recording Secretary; Doris
VanEvcru .uid Joycc Lcaviti. fresh-
incn, Marshals; qunno Bowen '50,
Chaplain; Marjorie Child ‘50. Crit-
ic; and Ji‘illl Hoiuling '50, House
Presidcni.

Psi Gamma officers are: Gloriu
Sotiilc '50. Prisidcnt: Audrey Wcl-
lcr '51. Vicc-Prcsidcnt; Hildu Muc-
Kcnzic '51. Corresponding Socrc—
tury; Lcnorc Corcorun ‘51. Record—
ing Sccrciiiry; Consiunco Cardin-
nlc '51. ’l‘rciisurcr; Rita Blssoncltc
'51. Crliic; Jiiiiicc Scwurd '50. HOUSU
Prcsidciii; and Laura Vargii ’50.
Sicwiirdcss.

Chi Sigma 'I'hctii clcctcd: Bcrnu-
cicito Prch ‘50. President; Alicc
Rclllcy '50. Vice Prcsidcnl; Riiih
Brccn '51. Si-crciiiry; Piiulciic Hiir-

(Cirillllllli'd oii l’iigc 0, Column 1,1

Spring Concert To Feature Unusual Musical Arrangements;
Woman's Chorus, Men’s Glee Club, Orchestra To Perform

"You'll Ni‘\'i‘l' Walk Aloiic"- no.
\ic'rc not running ii (iiitc biirciiu.
.,.i.  will b.‘ ooc oi ilic numbers
lc.iiur.il by ilic Womcn's Chorus in
ilic Spring coiici-ri, sponsored by
Mimi-- (‘ouiicil Friday, ill. 8:30 pm.
m Page liiill. Undcr ilic buioii oi'
i‘ililki‘h uiiJ Pctcrsoii. ilic conccri.
will prcm-iu ilic Collcgc Orchosiru.
ilic Hiring ltllHi'illIJIP. ilic Men‘s
(llci- (‘lub. :iiid ilic Womcu’s Chor-
us lll si-lci-iioiis ranging from ilic
('Illhhh'lli. ‘(‘lill(‘i‘i'llllli in C for pl—
iiiio iiilil i'IliiiilIJi‘i' orchcsirii.” by
Momiri lo "'l‘hc lilric Ciiiiiil." ihc
Amcriciiii li‘olk song by Wilson.

-\~. soloist ill ilic lii‘hl iiioiiiioiicd
sclcciioii will be. Lucillc. St. Prlcsi.
(iriidiiiiic, who liiis scrvcii as no—
compuiilsi. for the choral groups
and ilic opcrcihi during ilic piisi
iwo yours. Miss Si. Priest, iiccord-
mg to Dr. Siokcs, deserves special

  

coiiimciidiiiioii for licr work. Shi-
has bccii 'lCIlVi' ill ilic riirious mu-
siciil lil'i'hCllIliIIMIh during her livi-
)’l‘ill'.\ ill Siiiic. working iioi only
with ilic collcgc groups. but also
with ilic Miliictlcs iof ilic high
school oi ilic suziic liliilli'J

’l‘o cciiiciii siiidcni-i'nciiliy rclu-
iioiislups. bcsidc iiddiiig io ilic vol-
umc cupuciiy of the orclicsirii, will
hc ihrcc lili'lllI)L‘l'.‘i of ilic l‘iiciilly.
'i‘hcsc musically mcllncd iihiii
comes as ii \vi-lcomo relief from
siiiudliig beiorc cliisscsi pcdiigogucs
wrll incliidc “licrr” William (1. My-
cr. Insiriicior in English, Miss Mary
I!.. ii Lirniiaiiicr. instructor in Elig-
lish llllil Mr. Cochriiiic of tlic Mlliic
I‘illgil i .icpurtmciii. They will dis-
pliiy their iclcnis on the cello and
the violin. "Herr" Mycr will play

Iiii' ccllo iif you liiidii'i ulrcuily
guessch

A Hlli'l'lili iirriiiigciiicni of "'l‘hc
Muii i Love" will be prcscnicil by
ilic orchcsirii us an cucorc iiiimbcr
’l‘his iiiimbcr should be of spcciiil
inicrcsi to ilic siudciii body. ac-
cording io Dr. Siokcs. bcciiusc of
ilic iiiuisiiiil manner of iirriuigiu
incni. iYoii wcrc iliiiiliiiig sonic-
iliing clsc, lllllyln‘?’

'l‘hc ('Illll'ilIi'IIi'h illl(l ilic Mcii's
Chorus will pi'cscul some of their
iilrciiily \i'cll»kiio\i'n rciiililioiis oi
popular and folk songs. 'i‘licsc will
include "Ruin" iiiid “Duiicc Coin»-
i‘iiiics.”

Also by spcciul rcqiiosi of Dr
Siokcs. iiny spui'c iiixcdos. lcl'i orcr
l'roin ihc rici-iii ilurry of formula
or oilicru’isc obiuiiicd. \ylll bc up—
pi'ccliilcil for use by ilic Men‘s
Chorus.

Will Announce
Election Results,

New Myskania

Jennings Will Open
Morning Proceedings

State's thirty-sixth annual Mov-
ing-Up Day program will begin to-
morrow morning in the Page Hall
at 9 a. in., following the pi'occssional
by classes i'rom Draper i0 Page at
8:30. Singing, naming of new of—
ficcrs, tapping of ncxi year's Mys-
kiiniu. rccessionul parade and all
other forms 01' trcditional ritual
will proceed in ihc ordcr flamed.

President of Student Association,
John W. Jennings will welcome the
assembly. after which the class
speakers will udclrcss the group.
Representing the class of '49 will be
Roocrtson Baker; fcr ‘50. Earle
Jones; for '51, Les LcViness; and
for '52, Donald i-uitcrmiin.

Nelson Lists Sig‘num LliutIIS

Dr. Milton C. Olson will announce
the names of siudcnis who have
carried sufficienin high grrdes in
Commerce to entitle them member-
ship in Pi Omega Pi. holiorul'y Com-
mcrcc Frutcrniiy. Dr. Milton G.
Nclson will llsi ihosc no r appointees
lo Sigmim Luudis.

Commerce Club elections will be
reported by Dorothy Parr '49. Pres-
ident. Dr. Mary Goggin, Professor
of Ancient Languages will announce
the recipient of the Newman Tro—
phy.

Siolics to Award Cup

Dr. Ellen C. Stokes. Dean of
Women, will report the members of
Residence Council illiii will uwiird
ihc Inicr-Sororiiy Cup.

Ruih Multcson '50, is scheduled
to whose tho lisi. 01‘ Junior Guides
for ilic '49—'50 sexism, and James
Brophy '40. will (losigniiic the Al-
umnuc Counselor. ‘

Hess to Direct

Inimcdiiiicly iil‘icr ilic Senior
Pillowcll Song. Poiirl Ploss ‘49.
Grand Marshal of Campus Com-
mission, will (lircci, ilic Moving-Up
Diy lr’roccdurc, to thc. time of
‘thrc. Oh Where?“ When crcry—

(Continual on Pro/c li,CnlllNlTI 2)

Honorary Frats

Choose Ollicers

Oii'iccrs for i.lic coming your wcrc
v‘Ililhifil by Kappa Phi Kappa. Nil-
iloiiiil l-loiiorury lilducuiiohui Frui-
crniiy and Pi (iiimmii Mu. Niiiioiiiil
Honorary Social Studies Ii‘ruicrniiy.
in ihcir rccciii clcciious.

New oii‘iccrs oi Kappa Phi Kappa.
who \ycl'c insiiillcd during ilic ’l‘ucs-
diiy crciiilii; iiicciing. include: Fro.»-
iilciii. I‘lllliii"; Osborn 'vlii: Vicc-Prcs-
lilciil, llloyi! 'I‘uylor '50; Sccrciui'y.
Abruhiiiii Murki-llo '50; 'I‘rcusiircr.
Ariliur l’ciicrscii '50. ’i‘cniiiiirc plans
hiiyc hccu mudc for ilic iiiimiul billi—
oiici—liuiclicou. lo l)i' ili‘lll Miiy 2H
ill V,iii licrzcc Hall A spcukcr from
ilic Siiiic lililucuiioii l)cpiiriinciii
will |;c pin-sciu All siiiilciii incin-
iii-ix», iiiculii mciiihcr:. uiid lllllllllll

i Ix'uppu Phi Kappa urc myiicd io
illicii.i

[livid I)iii'lic.~ '50. was clioscn
l’ri ~iiiciii of PI (illllilllJ Mir Oihcr
oiliccr» iiicluiic: Vicc-l rcsniciii.
il;iiolii \’.iiighn '50; 'l‘i'cusurcr.
iriiiicis Aiidrcoiic ‘50; Sci‘rciurics,
liciiy lliiitoii llllii Wiirrcn l‘icich,
Juniors 'l‘lii- oil'iccrs will be in-
siiilli-i ui ilic Pi (iumma Mu billi-
uuci. which will be IlI‘Ili iii ilic IVIlIII-
Thrill 'l‘iircrii on May 10. Any incin-
iicr wishing io illlt‘lIlI slioiili coniuci
liclcii Sins '40. and mukc his rcscr-
\iiiliui.

 

