 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IBIS
BY THE CLAII OF 191B

RATilNG—ALL-AMERICAN

November 4, 1949 No. 7

. Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State C01-
1egc for Teachers; published every Friday of the College
year by the NEWS Board for the Student Association.
Phones: Wiltsc, 2-0012; ll‘rccl. 2-0120; Sclsni and Farrell
8-0287; Rossetti, (12-1813. Members of the NEWS stuif may
be reached Tuesday and \\'ednusday from 7 to 11:30 p. in.
at 15-11407.

VOL. XXXIV

THE NEWS “()AIH)
SHIRLEY WIL’I‘SE - - - - - - - - Editor-in-Chlef
III‘JRNADET'I‘E Fltl‘lEL - - - - Public Relations Editor
ANDRI‘HV RUSSIZ’I‘TI - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
GRACE SCIS.“ - - - - - - - - Circulation Mortimer
JOAN FARRELL - - - - - - - Advertising Mininger
MICHAEL CORTICSE - - - - - - - Businan )liuiiigcr
EVELYN WOLFE - - - - - - - - - Feature Editor
CECI‘JLIA liA’l"l‘|H'I‘l lilxclinnuo Editor
GOLDIE BRENNER Anuocinto Editor
GERALD DUNN - - Associate Editor
MARY FEN’IJ‘JL - - Associate Editor

 

We Compete

Rivalry is faced with more than the usual prob-
lems this year. Although classes are again made
up almost entirely of people just out of high
school, they are this year faced with something
more insidious than the inertia of the past few
years. Until recently, a block of disinterested vet-
erans has tended to slow down and discredit Ri-
valry. Many vets, from their more mature and
worldly viewpoint, thought this artiﬁcial stimu-
lation of activity between the fresh and Sophs to
be silly, and, more than unnecessary, to be harm-
ful. Participation, for many of them, was un-
necessary.

But it is true that, in a class made up almost
exclusively of high school grads, maturity may
be reached by devious routes. Some of the ac~
tivities connected with Rivalry serve this pur-
pose well. Few things could be devised to involve
more members of the classes, and to spread re-
sponsibility among more people.

The tenets of this tradition are sound. They
include: development of school and class pride;
organization of the class so that it feels a part,
as a unit, of State; helping the frosh to get to
know each other (prickly; helping the frosh and
Sophs to mature by working with people, and by
shouldering responsibility.

if Rivalry has not always succeeded. there are
two areas involved. One is that the spirit of the
ccmpetition has not been correctly understood, and
the other is that the iiicc/iuiiism, or rules, for put-
ting it into effect, has failed to properly rcgu-
late it.

This year the failure has been that of spirit.
ldcally, the rivalry should be enthusiastic and
friendly. l‘ricndliness (even helpfulness) and
competition are not incompatible at all.

The year got off to a bad start. climaxcd in
the fiasco of Activities Day. Somebody stole thc
frosh banncr. Accusations of upper-class intcrfcr-
once have liccn made. Loss of the banner posi—
poncd the banucr hunt. Warnings have been givcn
indiscrimminatcly. Still. the right spirit has bccn
swinging up. 'l‘bc two classcs most conccrncd have
rcalizcd what nccds to bc ilonc.

'l‘hc tone that dcyclops in Asscmbly today is
the crucial point in this year's Rivalry. A good
day today can ncgatc thc burl start. 'l‘hc frosh will
gct their official lciulcrs. Now their (lirccliou will
be dciinitc and by pcoplc of lhcir own choicc.
'l'hcir class aciiviiics will bc ihc responsibility of
thcir ofliccrs. if llic rcul spirit of Rivalry (to ('iiin—
pcic without any loss of fricndlincss and whit-on-
ll‘ol) can bc kcpi, and ihcrc is no rcnson why it
should noi bc kept. ihcu. Rico/ry um lH' of im—
HII'IHI' coil/c l/lf.\‘ yrm'. V

I
A Suggestion

l"or lhc pnsi \l‘\'(‘l'ill wccks in Asscmbly. .‘lll'
uouuccincnls huvc bccu matlc from thc lioor \\'llllll
ilic sturlcuis i1.’l\'t‘ zilrczuly rczul in lhc Sill/c ('oi»
il'tfr Arno, lio ilu- orgiuiiz.‘uious on ('zunpnr. how
so liiilc faith in lhcir ucwapupcr that tbcy fch it
in not widcly i‘t‘iltl by lhc stiulcnt body?

i‘ilil'il wcck rurc is iiikcn lo coulzut oi‘guniiiiiiom
lo insurc complcic lovcragc of all cvcnis .‘li Sinic.
ii is llic pcrogziiiyc of any organization to sub-
inii Wlllll ii dcsircs to lhc Xi‘an.

chm‘al minuics oi vulnnblc iimc which rould
profitably bc uscll io furihcr lhc sclicdulcd pro
gram :u'c lii‘Vtilt‘tl to spcakcrs from scvcrnl organi-
zations who practically lpioic ibc puch of ihc
Armin This sccms to bc a nccdlcss i'cpcliiion of
effort and it is may [iosstlilt‘ that considcruiion of
tlic mattcr would solve ibc problcm.

STATE COLLEGE.. NEWS.

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1949

 

7M 44% 7/eae

 

Starting next March, the State of
New York will not accredit any
prospective teachers to teach secon-
dary school academic subjects unless
they have completed thirty addi-
tional hours of approved study be-
yond their Bachelor's degree. Thus,
all students majoring in an acad-
emic subject field and who will not
be graduated this January come un-
der this ruling. This, in effect, means
that. a prospective high school
teacher (except in certain special
fields) must go to college for five
years.

This ruling was not put into ef-
fect in an off-hand moment. To the
contrary, hearings were conducted,
conferences were held, meetings took
place and it was discussed pro and
con by teacher groups . . . and out
of this action came: “To raise the
standards- of the teaching profes-
sion an additional thirty hours to
a Bachelor degree must be taken
before one can be accredited to
teach academic courses in our sec-
ondary schools."

Were they operating under the as-
sumption that by raising the re-
quirements they were increasing the
quality? Or in other words, docs
quantity equal quality? Did they
think that a strident of 21 years of
age is capable of deciding what
graduate courses he needs for a
career of teaching when he hasn't
had any experience in the field
lone class for a semester isn't
enough). If a student isn't qualified
to teach a secondary school subject
after four years of training in a
teachers' college. rather than just
make him take more of the same.
why didn't; they think of revising
the undergraduate courses?

When I consider that this ruling

By DAVID ounKEE

 

was formulated by various groups
of competent and learned authori-
ties I feel like one “crying in the
wilderness"—I‘m only a student. In
the teaching profession we have a
unique situation, dealing with in-
tangibles. We can't. look at the
medical and legal professions and
say, “let's raise our standards up to
those of the other professions." Sure.
education and schooling are neces-
sary, we should always be willing to
take additional courses to learn;
but let‘s not let it blind us to prac-
ticality and effectiveness.

To me, the provisional certifica-
tion is far more favorable. After
four years of preparation, the pros—
pective teacher is allowed or certi-
fied to teach academic subjects in
our secondary schools with the stip-
ulation that he must complete his
additional thirty hours within ten
years to continue teaching after
that period. This gives the teacher
experience and opportunity to find
out exactly what further training
he needs; and he gains a better in-
sight and undcrsiaiuling into the
problems of teaching so that hc
'an put something besides book-
work into his additional thirty
hours. Even the time clement could
be changed so that he must start
on his additional hours within. say.
five years, but it would at least give
him an opportunity to gain (‘Xpt‘i'i-
cncc and practical training bcforc
definitely choosing his graduati-
study.

The requirements for certification
may be used to balance the supply
and demand of teachers; and thcy
may bc used to force a prospcctivc
teacher to learn more subject. inat-~
ter. but when they lcompetcnt au-
thorities in our educational system!
say that it “raises the standard."
it‘s opcn to discussion.

 

@ne Mar/d @fzim'an

 

Judging by at least one of lust
Tuesday night's plays, AD intends
to carry through as strongly as the
successful curtain-raiser two weeks
ago would indicate.

Walter Keller should be com-
mended for his experimentation
with an all-new cast. and they did
fairly well for so patently incx-
pcrienccd a group. but inadequate
lighting. haphazard costuining and
bad grouping resulted in an over-
all impression that was far worse
than the actual performance de-
served.

Joe Purdy was good, especially in
the premonition scene. but he and
Phyllis Harris. the two most con-
sistent players, were in action too
briefly to give the play a badly-
nccdcd spur. Mimi Gorsky. while
not particularly suited to the mic.
was at least lively and sincere, fall-
ing down only in her climactic
speech before thc inundation.

 

 

ll always sccms so unfair to hold
either director or cast. responsible
for technical accidents within a
play. yct it is undeniable that, thc
iaulty business with thc wall brack-
ct and the dungcon door wcrc
dangcrously distracting

After an experimental scl'ics of
impressionistic and minimum scts.
Dorothy Mann wcnt. a stcp furihr-r
and used no sci at all. The cfl‘cci
was surprisingly successful. with n
wcll-thotight—oill plun comprising
thc only setting, and thc burc.
stark appearance of thc Htiigc con-
tributing i‘ui'lhcr to a foul. inlcusc
production.

Joc Ci'uciliu, although 11 bit ovcr-
(lonc. had thc Iieccssui'y po\\'cr to
carry the major part. wlnlc .loc

chi‘c was firmly conipcicnt in his
rolc of first iiiuic, (iroruc Chi'lsty
continues to iinprch. and AI) has
two "finds" in Put.
Don Collins.

l)ill'gli:.(‘ll and

(i_) i‘I‘QUiiii‘i, iN('., UNIS
Reprinted from the July issue of Esquire
‘6 u .
"are you been trailing long, dour?”

gamma-51d»

ny EADE and scnumzn ‘

 

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sum COLLEGE
ans.

AIIOY . . .

As of today, the “Good Ship Fifty-Three" sails into
Rivalry with its own Skipper at the helm. She was
launched under the guidance of capable Juniors and
has shown herself shipshape by outsailing the “Fir-
ty-Two" on Campus Day by a large margin. From
now on we’ll expect to hear lots of cheering and en-
couragcment from her sister class . . . from thc sidc—
lines, that is.

VIGOR PLUS . . .

Any Junior who listened to Joe Lccse on chlics-
day in Ed. 22 will verify the fact that he really iol‘c
into the curriculum problems of the schools in Ncw
York State. In his own inimitable way he made an
analogy between the curriculum and himself to thc
horror of the “conventionnlists” and the amuscmcnt
of the students.

AN ASPIRIN . . .

Student Association h-cadachcs have been partially
relieved by the new improvch voting procedure. As
yet few complaints have bccn licard about it and
it will be used again today.

AN EYE TO THE 1“ ."l‘liltli . . .

anc you cvcr given any serious thought to .m
“All-State“ year—round camp that would offer nth—
lctic and recreational i‘nciliii s. provide a. summcr
thcntcr laboratory, and crculc summer jobs for Hinlc
studcnls as counselors for a childrcn's camp‘,’ 11“,
an idea that has bccn kicking around in the hitch
of some pcoplc‘s minds for sonic iimc and thc proc-
iicnbility of it certainly mukcs it. worth looking into.
PAINT PROBLEMS . . .

I‘lullowc'cn was cclcbrnicd in thc gay old i'nshioncd
way this your much to the dismay of two sororuim.
Anyonc with ideas for removing paint. from tho
houss of KD and BZ should contact the same.

If Carl Soi‘cnson. thc Balfour salesman. is u littlc
12-:u'y about doing busincss at State. put. lhc blumc
on u damc . . . ihc onc who huppcncd to throw lln'
buckct of wnicr that huppcncd to hit nl'orcsuid ucn»
tlcmun.

BM‘KWARDS AGAIN .

’l‘hc confusion in Richardson bclwccu c1us> 's hr.
been solved by singgcring thc dismissal of claw-x
Thcrc St‘t'lllS to bc a mild rour though whcn ill'
third iloor comes down stairs bs-l‘orc ihc bcll l‘lllils
All this could hayc bccn solycd if the sccond floor
wcrc dismissch first as Studcni Council rccomin ndwd
ARISE ANl) SHINE . . .

. you into sleepers at. Snylvs and Picrcc. 'l'liul
racket you will be hcuring soon will be thc sir-:un
8110Vf‘15 dinning lllc foundation thul will ln- duly
within the stukc outlinc on thc Dorm li‘lcld
IN PASSING . . .

Was that D/‘aii's List complclc last. wcck. or did
wc only scc 48 Sophs on it.

Ofﬁcial collcgc stutioncry now brnrs llic lciicrhcml
“State University of Now York.“

Iiicidcntly. who IS Oiiilly'.)

Il)()l. ()I" SAINT MARY'S

. At, prcscnl. Saint Mary‘s llli..\t popiilnr mun .. :I
icllow llilllli'ti Norm who sclls snudwicln-s and mill;
in Ithc barracks cycry night. And like cvcry 11mm
buslncssman, hc is trying to cxpund his \‘i'llilil‘.' to
include Suylcs and Picrcc Hulls, but is mcciim: unh
dill'lculiiz's; nnmcly lllc Alumni Association. As. s-inili
as n L‘filillH'tillllM' cull bu rcnclicd. you gills will «31‘
ih.- goods. ‘

AT LAST . . .

. :1 dcliuitc (iuic inn; bccii sci for ihc All-(‘olicszc
lr‘ornml. to plcnsc t‘\' ‘l‘\'()lli' cxccpl ilic buskcibnil lculll
'1'hcy will bc playing l’rolt lnsliiuic in Ncw York Iho'
l‘H'illiltl. (‘zul‘l any that cvcryonc didn‘t try to incl:
21 night wh n H\‘cryonc could l)c llll‘l‘l'.
()i-‘l“~\\'liA('1(

I. That Oil—Bounds siin on ih.- (ltilil' lo (111- on
ucx ill iowcr lluslcd. it so liilllli ns Ilmi lhc room
t'iillililllt; sludcni—llnonccd druimuic lllilit'l‘llii\ :Iuo
ihcrciorc ii (l(it‘.\ll‘[ :st‘t‘ill right that u faculty mcm-
bcr has lhc suyawo on ihc nvuilubiiiiv oi «grill um-
it'l'llllS.

A RING-[NU NOISE . . .

'l'rndiiion i.\ bring ov. i'lookcil by ihc ('o—op ill '-t'il
collcuc rum to tho hlll(li‘ill:.. ’lln-y mu'hl bc brill!
lumlity :Ill’i lil‘llt‘l' lookun: ilmn ihc om“. no all" all
lliil', now. but lci'x :.iu-k to tho znlopi (l (il'.‘~|t‘.il loi
illl'ill.

(itmli Wtililf . ..

i"oi' u .uumil group. Ihc conuniiicc to lil\l“-'|t‘.l"‘
thc cuicir-rin iu'obl ‘11] hr. donc :1 li'l'i‘lilt' I'll) “1 11"“
1111', li\‘i'l' INT.) snub-111s,

CollegegCo/enclar - - -

 

 

FRIDAY, NtH'l-IAIIII'ZII i
23 Jill p.m licccpiion :llltl it lilr-li‘itiliili, ih‘oum l"c‘\l
\‘ll. Loungi-

'i'hrcl- onc—uci

’1 'll) pm pi;l_\:. ill i’uuc liuli 1’1l
scilll‘d by Union. ltlrmcil How and Him-
HA'i‘l'liliAY, NtH‘IvJMlil'llt :3
1 pm l’ln iiclin Alumni lain-limo
Ltliil pm l’ln l)t'll.l /\illilllll 'l‘m
1,! Jill pm. 'Ilu'.i- oiu-»ucl pi:i\:. iii
§»tliii'(i b\ it’l’l. i'il
NOVEMBER ii
l\';lium lnlln
ltlllillll
MONDAY, NtH'l’lAliil‘Ilt 7
7 if) pm ll Icivliioun (‘ouncii
’rl“l;l-ZSI).\\', N()\‘l'.‘.iiil'21{ it
i :) pm Moth (‘luli illt‘t‘illl' .
\IVI'IIDNI‘JSHAI’, NUVICMIII'JIK  “Hm” I)“
1.2 noon “SEA (impcl: 1.1-ndcr. Murgnr-l liun'illll
oil; Hpcukcr. in .1 Wcslcy (iiulllci‘h
Scicncc (lllli) incl-ting. Room 150

\\’;n:cr.~.
Hiil'lilll\ lion :1
l’.uu- linll l‘ii'A
. i.’o.~.l- :tllii lluriuul.
Si Nil.\\'_

h i’m lilm liillltjllt‘l. i‘.lllil)|| Hrml

lVll-cliuu. lfiuilll ill

'iiiii) p.m.

 

Stokes Prepares
Guidance System
For New Staters

Since new students, particularly
transfers, may have questions other
than those which they take to their
faculty advisers and may wish to
have some member of the faculty
designated as a source of informa-
tion, a system has been set up in
order to facilitate such guidance,
according to Dr. Ellen C. Stokes,
Dean of Women.

The following members of the

Class of '51. Martha Downey,
Phyllis Harris, Charles Hubbard,
Patricia Jai, E d i t h Paterson,

Joseph Purdy, Robert Reno, and
Evelyn Wolfe, will answer any
questions they can, and will
put the freshmen or transfer
students in contact with members
of the faculty who can be of spe-
cial help. One of these Juniors will
be available this semester on Mon—
days from 3:15 to 3:45 p. in. in Room
110, Draper, on Tuesdays from 8:45
to 9:15 p. in. in Room 110
and on Wednesdays and Thursdays
from 12 to 12:30 p. m.. in Room 110.

Miss Stokes, Dr. Elizabeth H. Mor-
ris. Chairman of the Freshman
Guidance Council. Dr. Milton G.
Nelson, Dean of the College, as well
as Mrs. Annette P. Malsecd and
Mrs. E. Frances Thomson. Personnel
Assistant. are also glad to an—
swer any questions from the
new students or to help find a per-
son who can assist ihcm with ref-
crcncu to any specific type of prob-
1cm.

 

camped 849.41.-
.71'4 Meaning

By MARY ARDEN LYNCH

 

The National Foundation for In-
fantile Paralysis, the National Tu-
bCl’ctllosis Association, the Ameri-
can HL‘i'l'l Association, the Aincricun
Cnnccr Socicty. Is your donation to
thch organizations grouped in your
minds its "just unothcr clmrit.y'."‘
Do you crcr stop and think of the
work cuch lx‘ doing bcforo deciding
on your tf()ililil()ll'.’

’l‘hc nycrngc cost of ti'cutincnt
and rccm cry for a person with so-
vci'c polio runs closc to $2,000. He
must spcml wicks, months, or sonic-
illlit‘s crcn ycai's in hospitals, and
nccds to bc constantly attended by
(i()t't()l‘.\, nurses and other specialists.
Hc may nccd special orthopedic
dcviccs llkc liruccs. Sometimes he
nerds sliillt'd surgcry. ch families
can uil'ord tho $2.000 cxpcnsc — at
least not without plunging into dcbt.
morigagui; lhcir incomc. and Jim'-
liups sharply changing lhcir way of
life, thcir plans, and lhcir provis—
ions for any othcr children. Yet,
what pnrcnts would want to reduce
lhcir child's chunccs of recovery
simply l)c('illl.\’:' of money.

it. 1. (“lllliilli‘ti that :u lcust half
11 million Amcricnns huvc lubcrcu-
iosis ill on ilt'll\'t‘ stage. It is morc
common .unong pcoplc whosc cco-
nomic status is low than among
llic wcll—lcd and wcll-houscd. Thc
only known clii'c for llilici‘t‘illtisls is
itiﬁ‘s'l‘. but pilllcliir. sometimes lcuyc
thc hospital. :uiuiiist incdicnl udvicc,
bccnuw oi :umcly about the sup-
port of ilu-u' lnmihcs.

l)lht'.l>~i‘r. oi [11c licuri and blood
vcsscis kill morc thuu oiic-llill'd of
all pcoplc; ycl. only thrcc million
dollars it ycnr is uscd in rcscui'cli.

The National lr‘oundution for In—
lnniilc l‘nrulysls, ihc Nuliounl ’I‘u—
bcrculosu .'\.v-()i'itllit)li. illc Amcri-
can llcori \‘mlu'liiiliill, ilu- Aincrlcun
Crnccr Hocu-H plcusc lc‘ lhcin bc
morc thou mu liuincn to you. llclp
support ilum by guilty, to Campus
(‘llcst 'l'lic llrllc stni'lu Nm‘cilllici' 14.

Murphy Opens Sale Of Tickets
To First Classical Club Banquet

('lm lm-. xchcdulcd u

bu hcld Nll\l'liil)t'i' 17
hi ii p. m 111 1111- culcll-rm. nci'oi'(l~
ing to .\l.u'lim Murphy Till, l’rcsl-
dcni of ihc (ilub.

'i‘lckcl: only 111' \l't'lll't'il iii $150
from cuhcr Miss Murphy or Vasi—
1ikc i’illllt'th’iih 'iiLl. until November
iii. I'liilcl'lilllliilclil is plunm-d lor
ihc linmpici and anyone who wishes
to illiclltl ls l'cqilt‘sictl to sign up
on ih.) list posictl oil the bulletin
board nciu' Room ti in Richardson.

(‘l;|‘.~li'.li
lmmuu-i it

 

' sun-could: NBWI. FRIDAY. novman 4. um

YoUmans Relinquishes Crown To Beauteous Queen Audrey

As State Witnesses Climax Of Twenty-Eighth Campus Day

\k 3‘“

 

Campus Queen Audrey Koch reigns over the court. Left. to right: Marjorie Baker, Marjorie Davis,
Barbara Anderson (near camera), Cynthia Weisheit, Bernadette Freel, page John Peck, Mary Borys, Queen
Audrey. Jeanette Zeianis. Earline Thompson. Ruth lloliiday and Eleanor Adams are also of the court.

Trumpets blew—and the eyes of
the Campus Day audience turned
toward the door. Slowly, to the
strains of “Pomp and Circumstance"
—Bonnie Queen Audrey Koch enter—
cd. followed by her court and Little
Johnny Peck, who was carrying her
train.

The curtains had parted revealing
last year‘s Campus Queen June
Youmans and the Senior attend—
ants Eleanor Adams and Ruth Mat-
tcson Holliday with the pages Vic-
toria Eadc and Elaine Sawner,
Sophomores.

The royal procession advanced to
the stage where Queen June crown—
ed the twenty-eighth Campus Day
Queen. as the new bearer of the
crown knelt on a purple cushion.

Then Quccn Audrey, carrying her
bouquet of red roses. arrayed her-
scif and her court on the purple
vcl\‘ct throne. Earllnc Thompson
and Bernadette Frecl, Senior atten-
dants, wearing gowns in the blue
of '50, settled themselves on the
pale blue cushions. In pastel green
gowns, Cynthia Weisheit and Jean-
0ch ch.iiiis, Junior attendants. took
their places on the green cushions.
.inrbcd in pnlc yellow. Sophomore
attendants Mary Borys and Mar—
joric Davis scnlccl themselves on
lhcir ycllow pillows. Gowncd in

 

C’ammunical‘met

 

To the Editor:

Bctwccn 12 and 12:35 p. in. ihc
calclcriu arca is extremely congest-
cd lit) say illc lcnsti. Only by mak-
ing ihc maximum use of every seat
can illc limitczl tncililics be made to
ht1'\'l‘ lhc nccds of the student body.

011 morc than one occasion, in the
proccss of scaling myself at the
round iublc ucur the water cooler, I
linvc bccn uskcd if I spokc French,
iluii iiiblc bciuz; reserved for mom-
bci‘s ul lhc li‘rcuch Club. Eating
lroin u tray in onc's lap docs pre-
scnt (liil‘icuiiics.

in all dcicrcucc to the value of
:pcuking li‘rcuch whilc cuting, I do
think that ilu- rcscrvuiion of the
table tor two or lhrcc students is
rullicr unjust ’l‘ruc, ilcui' thc cud
oi ilic lunch pcrlod 1110 table is
usually iillcd, but on four occasions
during ihc past wcck, there have
liccil ihrcc or lcss students eating
at ihc inblc. at 12:20 p.111.

Many studcnls hch schedules
which allow ll'cm to out only be-
iwccn 12 and 12:35 11.111. ’l‘h-cy have,
:ll'icr r.\\'cullii_u out u long linc. vci'y
llillc limc to cut. With a limited
amount oi wins it fair policy would
lic "first conic. first scrved."

Hurcly ihc l"l't‘11(‘ll Club could find
uuolhcr llIlic and place for its chats.
i-‘pnmsh and (icrmun students sccm
to bc ulilc to manage without lun—
chcon i‘()l‘i\i'l'hltiliill.

If ihc li‘rcnrh Club hus the right
in 1‘c>ci’\'c a table so does any other
club. 'l‘lliil could load to complica—
tions.

Evcrson A. Klnn, Grad,

pink, the freshman attendants, Bar-
bara Anderson and Marjorie Baker
settled themselves at the foot of
the throne on pink cushions. All
were gardenias in their hair.

Other young dainsels in formal
attire were busy before the corona-
tion ushering people to seats. They
included: Joan Keyton and Shirley
McCuen, Seniors, Shirley Haswell
and Ruth Owens. Juniors, and Marie
Prochilo and Nancy Wheeler, fresh-
inch.

Queen Audrey caught Dick‘s eye

 

Abnormal Antics Reign
As Haunts Haunt Again

Adding to the wierdness of
Hallowc'en, dormitories and so-
rority houses were filled with
many strange sights. Psi Gam-
ma and Gamma Kappa sorori-
ties held a joint party at the
Gamma Kap house, and were
honored by such celebrities as
Gamma Kappa‘s housemother,
Mrs. Nye, disguised as a wander-
ing ghost, by an Al Jolson. gyp-
sics, and Miss Campus Chest
and court.

Ghost stories were told at
Saylcs Hall by Tony Prochilo
and (‘hristiaan Lievcstro. The
Calvert ’I‘wins, Snow White and
the Seven Dwarfs, a pair of Si-
amese ’l‘wins. Hedda Hopper.
and a snake-charmer were. in-
cludcd in the audience.

Phi Delta members did their
merry-making by dressing as
little kids and asking for tricks
and treats at some of the frat-
ernity houses.

Western Hall walked away
with honors at the Pierce "all
party, but the live sacks from
Saks Fifth Avenue, the “Red
Socks." the witches and Hawaii-
inns. and North Hall with its
dresscs worn in a State Normal
School in the “20’s. created quite
a srnsution too.

The only tragedy of the even-
inj,r occurred at Beta Zeta so-
rority. when an innocent sales—
man, mistaken for some neigh-
boring fraternity fellows. was
grcctcd at the door by a poll of
water.

 

H.M.S. Pinaforc
(‘oniplete on 1.1’

BLUE NOTE SHOP

156 (‘cntrul Ave. 673-0221
Open Evcnlngs Until 9:00

 

 

Clothes Dryers - Study Lumps
THOUSANDS OF ITEMS

Central Variety Store
313 Central Avenue
neiow Quail Street

Open Every Night T111 9

 

 

and her smile became even lovelier
as another Dick recorded it in a.
blinding flash for the ‘Ped.’ Her
reign over the skits began with the
purple cushion remaining on the
stage. The Sophomores stumbled
over and around it as they present-
ed their skit. Finally, little Johnny
came to the rescue and removed
the obstacle so the freshman skit
could go on unhainpered.

As Margery “Pinky” Smith played
“A Pretty Girl Is Like A Melody,"
Queen Audrey descended the stage
in regal manner and pi‘oCeeded out
of the auditorium as another Camp-
us Day drew to a close in traditional
fashion.

1 4mm, amaze. ]

 

PAGE 3

Religious Groups
Form Agendas
Around Sermons

Lectures which feature prominent
speakers will dominate the plans of
most religious groups next. week.

Martha Spencer ’51, has announc-
ed that Margaret Howard ’50, will
lead ‘noon-day Chapel Services
Wednesday at which Dr. J. Wesley
Chllders, Professor of Modern Lan-
guages, will discuss the topic of
“Paradoxical Christianity.” Ruby
Anderson ’52, will be guest soloist
at the meeting. All those interested
are welcome to attend.

Charles Merriam of Schenectady
will be guest speaker at the Inter-
Varsity Christian Fellowship noon
meeting on Thursday in Room 23.
He will talk on the topic of “Have
You Thought?” Mr. Merriam is the
twin brother of Stuart Merriam, a
well-liked speaker at many previous
meetings. Although Stuart Merriam
is a student of ministry. Charles is
a partner in an insurance com-
pany in Schenectady.

Daniel Ganeles '51. President of
Hillel, has announced plans for a
complete semester of activities in-
cluding dances, services of a reli-
gious nature. and lectures by well
known speakers. This Sunday even-
ing at 7:30 pm. at the Washington
Avenue Synagogue. Hill-el will hold
its weekly meeting. Rabbi Solomon,
noted theologist, will speak on the
topic of “Marriage and It's Ingre-
dients." Anyone wishing to attend
is invited to do so.

Conerty Wins Contest
For DirectOry Cover

The contest for the cover design
for the State College Directory has
been won by Mary Concrty '51, ac-
cording to Christina Sanzo and Lila
Lee. Seniors, Co-Editors of the D1-
rectory.

The contest was judged by Dr.
Mary E. Gi‘cnander, Instructor in
English. Edythe Kelleher and John
Morley, Seniors: Helen Agnello ’51;
Marjorie Farwell and Donald Put-
tei'man, Sophomores.

 

Dr. Paul B. chttit, Instructor in
English, spoke before the General
Agents of the Albany Life Under-
writers Association at their mouth-
ly meeting held on October Sist.
His topic was “A College Man Looks
at Life Insurance as a Profession."

Dr. Ralph C. Clausen. Professor
of Biology. will speak at. the Heckl—
incr County Health Conferencc to
be held at Newport on Monday.
on the topic “Our Pres-cut Ideas
of Respiration." The high school
and grade school teachers of Her-
kimcr County in cooperation with
the health organization are holding
the conference.

Elmcr C. Mathews, Director of
the Tcachers Placement Bureau.
rcprcsenicd State College at the
"Guidaiuc and Career Day" hrld at
Dundee. New York. on November 1.

Dr. Charles L. Andrews, Profes—
sor of Physics, will attend the meet—
111g of the New York State Section
of the American Physical Society to
be held today and tomorrow at
BLngiiLuntou. New York. Dr. An-
drews is Secretary of the organiza-
lion.

H. F. Honikei & Son

Pharmacists
Founded 1905 Phone 4-2036

157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

L. G. Balfour Go. i

Fraternity Jewelers
BADGES, S’I‘EINS, RINGS
JEWELRY GIFTS, FAVORS

 

STATIONERY. PROGRAMS
(‘LUB PINS. KEYS
MEDALS 'l‘liOl'llllL‘S

Write oi't‘all
CARL SORENSEN
30 Murray Ave. Waterford, N.Y.
'l‘elcphoue ’l‘roy Adams 8-2523

 

 

Only
$1 9.95

 

Model 123

 

 

.TlllS streamlined, low-slung G—E
bcauty delivers performance right
up there with sets costing many
dollars more! Dial light for easy
,rcading . . . polished brass pointer
for easy, exact tuning. Rich rose-
wood plastic casc. Model 123.

In ivory plastic, Model 124, 

$22-95
Stale College Go-op

Tel. 4-6419

 

 

