. WWW”, W 2M

ﬂit...

.a

   
  
  

 
 
   
    
  

_\ __. w... my

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

      

can, 100:: Now
teddy-mode the pitout;

MAM; to Hold» Truck Meet
.‘Head of the AMIA "MR “199101 Those who are ihterested in en-

"April 25 Ken Dormer recently an-

, .~ nounced that a second {heat will be

held.on Sunday, May 23, on Univer-
sity Field. The meet will begin about

‘ :00 p.m. '

" This meet will be run along the
game lines as thelastmeet,wherein
both -team awards and individual
awards will be given.

‘ Kappa Beta copped the team title
last time, after a close bout with
Alpha Pi Alpha. Competition will be
sterner this time due to the entry
of a Stone team. This team. will
compete against the frat teams and
make-shift teams that competed in
the last meet. It will not be a meet
between State and Stone.

tering the meet should report to the
Field at the given time.

Officials connected with the AMlA
meet are hopeful of having an even
larger turnout than the‘ fine showing
in the last meet. '

Picnic at Thacher-

There will be~a picnic at Thacher
Park on May 16, from 2-7 p.m. for
all girls who have participated in
one or more intercollegiate sport.

The first round of the AMIA
League I softball is completed, and
the standings show Potter Club in
first place (5-0) and SLS, the de-
fending champions, in second place
(5-1). _ .

 

A l/RayView of

lty Roy McCloot

Sports

 

The AMIA track meet to beheld on May 23 will be

a true ,test of the. appeal of track at State. The date -
Sunday afternoon, on the last weekend before exams —
is bound to be in conflict with numerous other outings
that usually fall on the last social weekend of the year.
A good turnout at this meet should, for all intents and
purposes, clearly show that students do want track
organized at State, and are willing to work for it. Also,
the entry of a Siena team will provide. unofficially,
of course. an air of intercollegiate competition to the
affair, faint though it may be.

The varsity golf team deserves special notice for
its fine triangular—match win over Plattsburgh and
Potsdam last Tuesday. This season the team has shown
'unusual depth, as evidenced in Jake Prestopnik copping
the medalist honors in the Siena match with afine
80 over an exceedingly wind-swept course. He played
in the no. six position for Albany.

The linksmen played in the two-year—old Capital City
Tournament yesterday against three other area teams.
included in the tourney were RPI (probable favorite),
Union College, and Hudson Valley. The event was held
over a 7100 yard Saratoga Spa golf course that pro—
vided a real challenge for all the golfers entered.
Though the results were not known at time of publi—
cation, we feel certain that the Ped linksmen (defend-
ing champions) made a fine and respectable showing.

The varsity netmen are living up to pre~season ex-
pectations of a fine season, as they have showed con-
sistent scoring depth throughout most of the year. The
netmen have a tough record to live up to (last year’s
team was 9-2) and thus, far they have done so. More
importantly. there are no seniors on the team, thus
making the outlook for next season extremely optimis-

 atnm SHOP Roy's
. I collegiate him"  
mum Ave. V

Auorted

Sandwich“
Shop at Roy’s. _

 

5 minute walk from the
‘ tion Congo-

 .’ "4|  Avenue .
 magnum r

 

 

 

 

, but you're out! Opponent runs at lull speed although the Pod first baseman has al-

soeu GOLFER an. at»...
executes follow-through alter
a drive during a recent match.

'linksmen Victcrs,
Post 5-2 Record

by Don Oppodisono

By winning three of its last four
matches, the varsity linksmen have
upped their record to a commend-
able five Wins and two losses. In a
medal play match against Slena,
State won by fifteen strokes as Jake
Prestopnik playing sixth man heat
everyone in the match by carding a
fine 80. MikeBayus and Doug Mor-
gan each had an 81 while Bill Kane
scored an 82. '

In a match against RPI, State suf-
fered its second loss of the year by
the score of 5 .1/2 to 3 1/2. Mike
Bayus and Bill Kane were the only
State golfers to score wins as Bayus
beat McAlleys 1 up, and Kane beat
Carter 2 and 1. Kane was also
medalist as he carded a four over
par 70.

Tuesday in a triangular meet at
Plattsburgh, State beat Potsdam and
Plattsburgh easily to boost its rec—
ord to 5-2. All state golfers won both
matches on a windy course on the
shores of Lake Champlain. Mike
Bayus was medalist with a conserva-
tive 7'1 and Prestopnik, "The Magi-
cian," was the only State golfer to
capture all six points. Team scores
were State 14, Potsdam 4, and State
10, Plattsburgh 2.

State’s record should beimproved
with upcoming matches against Utica
at home tomorrow and away Tues-
day and against New Paltz, away
next Friday.

Mike Bayus, the number one man,
and Bill Knne, the number three
man, are the only undefeated State
golfers, both sporting 7~0 records.
Both golfers are from Auburn. New
York.

  

j Bob Vulingame,

The contest will start at 4:
-, r Tomorrow the 'Peds host
mighty Central ’Connectie
out; then on Tuesday they
p1ay‘R.P.I.. followed by the
last“ game of the season
against New Paltz on May

2.
in the first inning against New
Paltz, "Pep" Pizzlllo, having al-
ready 16 stolen bases this season,
added two more and then came home
on a sacrifice. He has broken Gary
Penfield’s record of 15 stolen bases.

in the. third frame, Cianfrini
singled two men in and later scored
himself. This was followed by Odor-
izzl's two-run double which gave
State' 7 runs at the end of the third
inning.

Dick Kimball, the Peds' starting

y. H der the watchful eye of Coach
V a the SPeds will try. to improve their
record'bygbeating Utica today in amino game.

00  ,
start off the fourth inning."State,

leading 9-7, then added two more ‘

runs, makin it 11-7. »
,Christ‘ian hensingled in the sev-
enth and was brought home by Clan-
frini’s left-field homerun. Stateled
15-12 at the end of the seventh.
The eighth inning featured two

more'stoien bases by Plzzillo. He .

totaled 6 in the game.

The ninth inning proved success-
ml for the Pods as they added a
neat six runs. Besides a Clanfrini-
Mason double steal, Odorizzl
pounded a grand slamer giving the
Feds a winning 2-014 margin.

Totaling scores, the Peds stole
16 bases, scored 20 runs on 18 hits
and made 5 errors.

New Paltz scored five runs in the
first inning, two in the second,three
in the sixth, two in the seventh and

   
 
 
  
  

'w games: by defeating New Paltz

 

A Free Press.
A Free
University

   
    

   
    

 

 

 

 

 

MAY 18, 1985

VOL. LI NO. 22

 

 

 
   
 
 

 

 

 

Jitcher, belted in two more runs to ninth.

V  Menu
 5m

 

 

 

 

 

Photo by Upham

AL SMITH, CHAIRMAN OF MYSKANIA, announces the popularly
elected members of Central Council in the climax to a week of
voting in tho Poristylos.

Inauguration Ceremonies
Reveal Central Council

In the second Inaugural Ceremony of the year, the
members of the newly-formed Central Council were
announced. The ceremony took place in Brubacher at
1 pm. Saturday, and was presided over by Joseph
Mahay, Chairman of the outgoing Provisional Council.

 

AMIA TRACK PARTIOPANTS loop all the starting line at start

of BED-yard relay. AMlA is going

to hold another meet on May 23.

Netmen Drop 5-4 Match

The State varsity tennis team suf-
fored a 5-4 last Tuesday afternoon
at the hands of New Paltz in an
:1an match.

The two teams split the six doubles
matches, and the difference in the
match came in the doubles contests
in which New Paltz scored two
triumphs.

In the first singles match, Tom
Slocum (A) dropped a quick pair of
39:5 to Larry Huntington (NP), 6-2,

 

and Co-Id Cont
die Atlantic S

mien. a hole".

It Wm 43nd Street.

 

 
   

' IGRADUAYE STUDENTS

Mono 0 tomalvtiono at call roars to we
,GIADUCYE HUBEle o'nrl FACULTY" MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

.' . . comprising no content" Do". Girle. Irothehllclor
. lee-ted throughout the New England. MM-
is n and Condo. ‘ '

. . . DWI?" YOU! INQUIRIES consent" gunner employ-oat on Head

Write. Phone. or Call in Forum
Attestation ot Private Contth - Dept. C

Moan" Mr Alexander, negative Director

OX 5-16“.

to. General Gauguin".

u..- vm to. 'N. Y.

 

 

Ken Zacharias started off really
strong in his match with New Paltz's
Art Corwln, and he continued on to
cop the match, 6-4, 6-4.

George Ziering (NP) defeated Pod
Howard Marklnun, 0-8, 6-3.

State's Stan Kerpel and New
Paltz’s Marty Jacobson had three
6-4 sets in their fourth singles
match, with Jacobson winning two.

Top point getter for the rocket-
man Bill Enser wasted no time in
defeating Steve Nordcll (NP), win-
ning 6-2, 0-2.

Guy Nicosia(A)iopped Steve llnri-
man (NP), 0—4, 0-7.

in the doubles mntches: Corwln-
iluntington (NP) def, Slocum-Zach—
arias, 0—1, 9-7; Ensor—Mat'klnan
(A) def. Jacottsen-Zierning (NP).._
0—0, 5-7, 7-5; and Newer-Hartman

0-1. _
This afternoon the Pods play host
to Utica College, the match starting
at 4:00. ‘ .

 

(NP) def. Kernel-Nicosia (A), 6-2,

 

President Evan R. Col-
lins began with the an-
nouncement of the faculty
appointments to the Coun-
cil. They will be Dean Neil
Brown, Director of Student
Activities, and Dr. Walter
Knotts, of the Undergrad—

uate Council.

Two members from the Faculty
Council and one member from Stu-
dent Personnel hnve yet to be
elected.

Frank Crowley, Vice Chairman
of Provisional Council, announced
the representatives from the com-

Prc Council Rejects
fiction to Rescind
StilPE Recognition:

As its last official act, Provis-
ional Council held a special meet-
ing Saturday morning to consider
rescinding recognition of SCOPE
because of alleged violation of its
organizational recognition statute.

A motion to that effect was de-
feated for lack of a majority. The
vote was 8 affirmative, 0 negative,
and 2 abstentions.

Discussion continued for the bet-
ter part of an hour as members de-
bated the legality of the SCOPE
buttons which have SUNYA printed
on them. The MYSKANIA rullngwas
cited which ruled that the buttons
did violate the recognition statute.

Chairman Joseph Mahay finally
defended SCOPE's right to use the
buttons on the ground that the orig-
inal statute was unjust, and SCOPE
had the right to refuse to obey it.

This comment encountered much
opposition from other Council mem—
bers, who argued that student gov-
ernment must make every effort to
see that its ruling are enforced, or
organizations will disregard the
government completely.

mission areas. Representing Com-
munications, will be Douglas Up-
ham and Henry Made). Carol Zang
and Miriam Grossman will repre-
sent Religious Affairs.

The delgates from Community
Programming, Academic Affairs,
and Living Affairs have yet to be
designated.

Al Smith, Chairman of MYS-
KANIA, announced the members of
Central Council who were popularly
elected last week. Representing the
commuters are Joseph Mahay, Har-
old Lynne, and William Murphy.

William Cleveland,~ Deborah
Friedman, and Mark Summa will
represent the Alumni Quad. Stan
Kerpel, Jack Kenny, and Susan Wade
will come from the Dutch Quad,
and Mike Drexel and Helen Stoll
will represent the Second Quad.

Representatives Mahay, Lynne,
Murphy, Friedman, Summa, and
Drexel have served on Provisional
Council.

  

-1. ‘4

TIM ATWELL, ALIAS Surgiso Room Inspector, reprimand: a

a

greatly concerned student (

   MYSKANIA Proposes‘dnsorsmp; W.
,.k._.; -i’ilkecommends Review Committee

In a two page'statement released Friday, MYSKANIA recommended the dismissal.
of William Colgan as Executive Editor of“Torch,” a censorship committee set up in
the Central Council to review the yearbook until the time necessary, and nine other
provisions to the Central Council, Communications. and President Collins. The de-
cision came after a three-hour meeting Tuesday and open meeting Monday in which.
approximately eighty students voiced their opinions of the yearbook. '

The High Tribunal said
that Colgan had shattered
the confidence placed in
him by the student body by
producing a yearbook that
reflected his personal bias
and opinion.

“inherent in the editorship of the
yearbook is a basic responsibility
which is to produce a yearbook re-
flecting the entire nature of the
University," ruled the thirteen jud-
ges. They said that this responsi-
bility was violated in the 1965 edi-
tion of the “Torch.”

They said that Colgan had nag-
rantly and intentionally used his
position to produce a yearbook“re-
flecting the standards of one indi-
vidual.”

MYSKANIA said that the situa-
tions depicting sex, “not being
unique ,to our campus," need not have
been“overly emphasized. "There
were many aspects ofthe University
which could and should have been
added but were omitted.”

They commended the yearbook
from the technical point of View
saying it “is perhaps outstanding
but it is marred by the numerous
examples of poor taste and lack of
discretion."

They explained that they reached
their decision after assessing the
opinion the student body.

Six recommendations were made
to Central Council:

1) the constitution of "Torch" be
reviewed immediately and that a
guiding philosophy for the yearbook
be added to the said constitution;

2) that acommittee be established
by Central Council whichwouldhave
the power to censor any and all ma-
terial which it deemed was notinac-
cord with the guiding philosophy of
the “Torch” and in the best interests
of the student body or university.
This committee should be composed
of one faculty member from the
Council, one popularly elected mem-
ber from the Council, one repre-
sentative of each of the five com-
mission areas from the Council and
one member of MYSKANIA. This

(conllnm'il to pogo 3)

ion Sullivan) during a satire on the

recent stir over residence hall restrlctions. it was all port of
“An Evening with Tim Atwell," the final, and most well at-
tondod Golden Eye program at the your. The program honored

State's 20th year of transition.

torta

Assumed Role Ruestinned

The action taken by MYSKANIA upon the 1965 Torch,
Bill Colgan, and the communications media of this Uni-
versity as a whole has raised the question in our
minds as to the relevance of any popularly elected
group’s attempts to restrict areas of popular culture
on campus.

After MYSKANIA’s open hearing held last Monday
evening, student opinion from many quarters did re-
flect disappointment with the 1965, edition of the Torch.
Therefore, when part of MYSKANIA’s reoommendation
dealt with a curtailment of Torch circulation for the
Summer Planning Conference. we could try to overlook
the very many excellent features of the yearbookand
concede the case-in-point in this instance. '

However, MYSKANIA decided not only to concern
themselves with the circulation of the book, but also,
to assume a role of parental guidance and attack both
Colgan and campus communications as a whole. Al-
though ostensibly not attempting to “punish the indi—
viduals involved,” thirteen people have assumed them—
selves capable of recommending Colgan’s removal as
Executive Editor of the Torch, and imposition of cen-
sorship in the form of a “guiding philosophy” for the
yearbook.

The policies of any of the communications media on
this campus are formulated within the organization
itself. on the strength of advice from experienced mem—
bers of the organization. using the ideas they have
gained through working directly with the medium.
MYSKANIA has the erroneous idea that it can delegate
the process of a yearbook to a committee, which, com-
posed of students without journalistic experience.
could hardly be expected to judge the merits of the
book. .

We take issue with MYSKANIA for attempting to sug-
gest the removal of Bill Colgan as Executive Editor of
the Torch, as well as the recommendation that all
salaried positions to SA budgetary organizations first
be approved by Central Council. No Central Council
member is adequately equipped to judge the qualifica-
tions of a salaried editor, if he has no conception of
what the job entails.

Censorship for all connnunicutions media, here
described as “editorial policy” is something com—
munications has been long opposed to on this campus.
The, function of a University is, among others, to
provide the fertile ground for thought and expression.
certainly the goals all students on this campus should
be striving for. When such a student group, elected to
reflect the campus as a whole, approaches the sug—
gestion to impose censorship on student expression.
we can only vehemently oppose them on the grounds
that we, as an organ of student expression, are striving
for ever—widened horizons. .

The recommendation of editorial censorship was
directed by MYSKANIA to the Communications Com-
mission. We urge Communications Commission to
speak for the freedom of student expression on this
campus, and reject MYSKANIA’s proposal.

      
    

   
      
 
         
                
    
 

 

         
   
     
   

      
           
       
        
          
      
        
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
  
   
     
   
   
     
  
    
    
      
       
         
        
     
   
     
     
     
  

