    
    
   
  

oat rsit‘y. unit'qu 1...
without the servicesof

~ in
' ,' tour, or its mongol-Mitten»

members. The (our members ac-
counted for [more than 125yeare of
teaching experience at Albany

  
 

 
   
  
  
  
 

   
 

   

  

 

Dr. Edith 0. Wallace, amember
of Albany State's 'class of 1917,

-retired at the rank of chairman

of the Division oi Huihanities. Her
association with Albany, began with
301' attendance of high school at
Milne. Her name can still beiound
on a plaque honoring academic ex-
cellence.

>191! — 1965

Miss Wallace completedan M.A.
iegree at Wailesley and joined the
Albany State faculty in 1918 when
the name was the New York State
College for Teachers at Albany.
She taught English and Latin until
1929 when she was named depart-
ment chairman for ancient lan-

sums-

Tn 1938 Miss Wallace completed
doctoral thesis at Columbia and
was awarded a Ph. D. Her thesis
was on the philosophy of Servius'
Commentaries.

She instituted such courses as
Latin 8 — Roman Life, Latin 10 —
Types of Latin Literature, ahd
Greek Literature, a comparative
literature course.

Miss Wallace was a member of
the first faculty council under the
Presidency of Dr. Sayics in the late
1930's. She was elected to the
council to a total of three terms.
She was also the chairman of the
Committee on Academic Standing.

Dean at Women
Dean Ellen G. Stokes retired a
the and of the summer session
Dean Stokes earned bachelor’sani
master’s degrees from Brown am
a Ph.D. from the University of
Chicago.

  

  

. Dean Stokes promoted the‘con‘i "'
'struction of Saylas and Brubacher ‘
halls and encouraged the purchase
01- several small group houses.
, , Another major areaof her in-
terest was honoraries. She has
been very active in the Albany
area chapter of Phi Beta Kappa.
She encouraged the formation of
many of the present SUA honor-
aries.

Innovator

Dr. Shields Mcllwalne retired
from his position as a professor
of English and comparativelitera-
ture. He joined the faculty in 1940
and served as English department
chairman from 1948 to 1958.

His undergraduate study 'was
done at Southwestern in Memphis;
his graduate work, at the Univer-
sit of Chicago. '

"Mack" originated the courses

 
 
 
 
  
     
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
       
  
   
   

‘IISPC‘ 

and results.

and intellectual.

and pertinent."

in English honors andexpandedthe. THE FAST PACE at meetings, discussions, and activities was ning Conference is a reciprocal

program 01 creative writing- He tempered with a relaxing hour of talk-singing. For those who trade of personalities and ideas.
515° orlﬂnate“ "‘9 English Eve' still had energy, volleyball and badminton games were in pm- When Y0“ “lend Your (“endsmp

ning, which has since become a

major social-intellectual event. g”“'

I O
tightens: iféiiiisi“; Parents Orientation... «mm

his “Southern Life and Litera-
ture." At least four courses of
this type are now taught, Dr. Thorne explained in greater
H9 is created with beginning the detail the services which the Uni-
presem deVelopment of the Albany versity provides for the student.
Stage English program and slam The areas of residence, activities,
The (“any member with me health services, counseling, and
ghonest tenure to rem-e is H. financial aids were covered. He
Carolyn Howard, professor oili- Domed 0‘“ that “GVEI‘Y student
brary science. Miss Howard has has somﬂone ‘0 E0 I°-” Holt/6W?!"
a Ph. 3. from the University of he emphasized. "Ultimately, only
Chicago and a B_s_ and an M_s. the student can do the job. The
in library science from Columbia. pafems 3"“ UNIVEI‘SHY can't do
Miss Howard is best known for it for him-"
her course in children's litei'n- H9 ‘1150 talked With the Parents
tux-e, she was acting department about the inconveniences about
chairman before Irving A, var- which they would undoubtedlyhear.

schoor’s appointment.
  the bus transportation available.
He also indicated that some stu-
Two Cub Classes Wm be held dents would amost definitely be in
during the next week to instruct mom‘s-
those interested in joining the He added. "The Universityfeels

problems, the split campus, and

She Joined the faculty in 1926 staff of the Albany Student Press. it Is better to permit students to
as a mathematics teacher- She The classes will be held Sunday enroll, despite physical plantilmi-
served in that capacity until 1943 and Monday at 7:80 p.m. in Bru- tations, than to deny young people

when she was appointed dean of bacher H3“, Room 6,

women.

the °PP°rmﬂitY to obtain a college
The classes will be taught by 8 cation.

Dean Stokes served In this 08- Edith Hardy, Executive Editor of

pacity under Presidents Brubach-the ASP. Miss Hardy was Co-

er, Nelson and Collins.

Perhaps the greatest achieve-.1"g the 1964.65 school yeah
ment of her long tenure was the

Money .- A Prime Concern
Editor-in-Chief of the paper dur- At the conclusion oi their talks, '
both Dr. Morris and Dr. Thorne
Only basic introductory infer. answered questions from the par-

adoptlon oi a policy of university mam," Wm be given at these ents. Most questionsconcernedthe
I‘BSPOHSIWHY 101‘ PFOVWHE “‘15- classes, so that students may be-

ing.

come involved with actual work Evaluations . ( ’1)
(Jim! I

When Dean Stokes t0°k her 9051- on the paper as soon as possible.
“on in 1943, there WAS only one A“ freshmen and ,upperclass.

residence hall,Pierce.Therewere me” are invited to attend

several group houses.

Statesm." Perform Toni

Tonight and tomorrow night Al-
bany's famous statesmen will be
performing for the first time this
year. Tonight's periormance will
be on the Dutch quadrangle, near
Ryckman Hall. it is solely for the
quad residents and motel inhabi-
tants. It starts at 8:00 p.m.

Tomorrow night's concert will
be held in the alumni quad. It
will be strictly for alumni quad

Attention Photographers

the fresh stated: “It was at these
meetings where mutual problems
and ideas were discussed. It was
very comforting to find that many
ht others had problems similar to

classes. Further information will
be available on Activities Day.

5' mine.”

And another said of the discus-
residents and will also egin at signs, «They made me fee; 35
8:00 p.in. though i were a part oi the con-

Upperciassmen are familiar ference rather than just another
with the fine quality with whichthe student,"
statesmen perform. The group,
composed of twenty-four chosen Adm”. onenmlon
by Mr. Kari Peterson of the music On the value of the Conference

department, does classical, sa- use” the freshmen had mesa FRESHME
cred. and semi-popular music. comilleuts to make: "other col- from the :eovllIEeRiEn Acth '0 1"?"
Dress at the two concerts is 1989-5 give you a weekend before signed ,6 “do” "1° i '9"

informal classes for orientation, butasum-

and advice to the freshmen, they
in turn respond to you with the
vitality of their personalities. And
both of you become richer by the

motel situation, reporting in the meeting",
fall, assignment of residence and

roomm s an o h
uvmg agilixim d t er “peas 0‘ Seniors Al Smith andVeraKom-
.anowski commented upon the per-
parems were also anxious to sonal benefits they had received.
know how much spending money "Perhaps the greatest reward
their sons and daughters should 0011195 in khOWlnE thatyou’redoins
have. The deans pointed out that somethlns really worthwhile. that
the amount would vary according You're helping to Shape the New
to individual tastes and habits. University/’said Smith-
However, they suggested $8 to $12 Added MISS Kommowsmr "The
per week for women, and $12 to summer lenlnﬁ Conferencepi‘o-
$15 per week for men. vided an invaluable experience to
all who participated. The final
"But what do the students do proof of the Conierences’ success

Personal Benefits

during the weekends " asked one will be determined b thedevelo -
He explained the construction worried parent. "\VeIl,”a.nswered ment of each and eve’i'y member‘s)!
Dr. Thorne with a smile, "the our newest class."

Dean's list students study.”

  

n abzut the new rules directly
e resi once meetin s were de-
nitIaI confusion of dormitory living.

 

mer conference such as this gives
you an excellent orientation well
in advance of college classes.”
"The conierence both informed
and challenged me.” "I received
many new ideas and (:Ililll ed innn
Photo Service needs pho- ideas I previously had."g y
tographers with or without ————-——__.___.
experience who are willing PINE HILLS CLEANERS
so t'ake pictures torhthe stu- 340 Western Avenue
on newspaper, t 0 ASP,
and for the yearbook, the CLEANING and EXPERT
'lllln‘ll. Small income pos- TAILORING
IV 2-3I34

MALE NElI’ NEEDED

STUDENT UNION

Mrs. Sofiey - Bru
Welcome Backil

 

 

 

 

 

The ASP needs
writers, reporters,

posts up gals.

 

 

WASHINGTON TAVERN

Welcome to Freshman
and other anti-prohibitionisis

Western Avenue

 

 

 

 

The Student Assistants who spent
their summer working with the
freshmen, were highly enthusias-
tic about the Conierence objectives

Said Rich Ten Eyck, a Senior,
“The mast important objective was
to prepare the incoming freshmen
in the best way possible for enter-
ing the University in September.
This was not social preparation to
a great degree, but was academic

“The discussions, the appoint-
ments, the conversations which the
freshmen participated in were
aimed toward a more thorough
knowledge oi the University, its
academic standards, and its ex-
pectations for ~the ireshmen. The
subjects stressed were serious

.Loulse Myers, a Junior, saw
the value of the Conference in a
different way: “The Summer Pian-

 

 

 

 

     
   

1 sun UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE
*tl‘ktﬁtltltbktititl‘

Hours: Monday-Friday 9:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

Saturday 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.

Ill TEXTBIIIIKS will he moved iron the Commons
hack to the BOOKSTORE beginning Saturday-- September 25

TEXTBOOKS may be returned
starting Monday- October 4

If: You have: your cash register receipt

: your drop or add card

"The books are defective

streets *******

thrusts *******
MAKE all returns in the MINI DEPARTMENT

of the BOOKSTORE, Any books which are

currently Out-of-Stock have been reordcred

if the Professor has given us an order.

Delivery will take 10 days.

returner
STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

 

 

 

   
  
  
   
   

 

 

 

