    
 
  
    
      

  
 
 
  
  

 
  
  

  

  
  

 

 

, ..:...omu,.....—.

~ v ' 7' it In MeCIoot': -*
_ this the twelfth issue of“ the ASP this semester.
and inrearch andrevery one of: those newspapers we
have 'had one most unpleasant duty to perform —
refer to our athletic teams as the Great Danes.
What may appear to be a petty complaint from an
overworked sports staff is, in reality, the seemingly
prevalent opinion of the student body. ~

We have yet to hear any Complimentary remarks

 

    
      
    
   
    
  

about our nickname, we’ve been asked by outsiders r

as to the significance inherent in our canine mascot.
and we’ve been unable to justify last year’s Mascot
Committee’s selection of the animal as a likely suc-
cessor to our deposed Penguin.

To be entirely fair. we do think that contest win-
ner Kathy Earle did present excellent credentials
for the Great Dane in submitting her entry. She
claimed the dog was “typically American, bred for
size, weight, strength. character, courage, speed
and stamina." If it were running for office in the
ASPCA, the animal Would win in a landslide.

However. we fail to see any connection between a
Great Dane and any of the traditions. goals, or

O , .
caravans;ileumnuisances:Alter Triangular Wm

in the choosing of a nickname and mascot is the re—
lationship between the choice and the school. RPI
reflects itself via the Engineers, while Union re-
calls a proud tradition with its Dutchmen.

The Mascot committee claimed that its selection
was based on “originality, applicability to our
athletic teams, applicability to this area, and ap-
propriateness to our new university.” Its originality
was never in question, not for one teeny—weeny
moment.

The problem of our Great Dane by-name has yet
to loom as acute. In soccer games the cries of the
crowd are carried away by the wind, and visitors
pay little heed to them. But when basketball season
arrives, and the cheerleaders step onto the court
for an organized cheer — well, can’t you just hear
them now: “Milk-Bone, Ken-L Ration, Go Danes
Go!” or worse yet, “Woof, Woof, Bow, Bow, We
need a basket, get it now! ”

Please note that we avoided using the cliche
“State is going to the dogs.” That is definitely be-
neath us. However. we are quite upset when rumors
are about claiming that Albany gives out bachelor
degrees. master degrees and pedigrees!

Potte rPygmics
Pace Round 1 A

The AMIA League II pygmy
teams have recently completed
their first round of play, with
undefeated Potter leading the
league.

Potter gained the lead via a
20-0 trouncing of the KB pygmies,
in a highlighted contest last Mon- D
day.

Potter, led by the passing and ’
running of quarterback Jim Cur-
ley, scored its three touchdowns
on passes to Dan Crippen and Fred
Nelson, and a run by Curley.

As the league enters its second
round, the teams will play each
other in the same rotation. Here
is a list of the pairings: APA-
Tower, Potter-Waterbury, Potter-
Tower, APA-KB, KB-Tower, Pot-
ter-APA, Waterbury-Tower, KB-
Waterbury, Potter-KB, and APA-
Waterbury.

The standings for the first round
are as follows:

Tim Ambrosino, Representatives
to Recreation Board ’l‘orn Gullioyle
and Jerry Montague.

Men interested in refereelng
AMIA basketball games for pay
should sign up at Robin Annex
before November 1.

combination—4 items
that special (everything). ..

Potter 4 0 PIZZA
KB 2 l l

APA 2 1 1 choose . . l.
Wat ] 3 anchovies ., . . l,
Tower 0 4 powers I.
onions 1

 mushrooms . l

The AMIA officers for ions—co £233?” }:
are President Jim Wingate, Vice . I
President Jack Kenny, Secretary p°pp°'°"' "  " " ‘
hell&hall.... . ,. 2.
V 2.
3.

-BUCKET 0F SPAGHETTI—

‘Spaghetti sauce
'ltolion rolls

BIG DUMB DOG "Imported choose

 

 

 

 

35 hot meal bull .. ., .75
65 hot moot hell 8. popper .85
65 hot sausage .85
.65 hot sausage B. poppel .95
.75 roost local .85
75 stock sandwich .. .85
75 postrurni . ,..,. ,, .85
75 hot must beat 8. gravy. ,.. .95
00 hot roost turkey B. gravy .95
25 must turkey . . , . . . . . . .. .85
25 tuna lisli, , . ., . . .65

“BUCK N' A HALF A BUCKET"

"Enough to food a Hungry Gang"

 

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 

 
  
 
     

Tishler Photo .
VARSITY CROSS-COUNTRY couch R. Keith Munsey gives his
barriers o pro-moot pep talk prior to last week's triangular
meet. He must have said something right, as the Danes won
their. ninth of the your. v

Horrier’s Marital 9-]

The Albany State varsity cross—country team
scored its ninth win of the year last Saturday, With
a triangular meet triumph over Plattsburgh State
and New Haven State at Washington Park. The score:
State 21, Plattsburgh 43, New Haven 74. Albany
dominated the meet with eight runners finishing in
the first twelve. rounding into shape, wastoo strong

' ' near the finish.

once ag-aln It was SOph Flick was clocked in 25:37,.Vian-
Joe Keatmg Who paced ners in 25:54, and Durbin lt126:04.
the Danes. Keating wonin A150 placing well for Albagyuyvas
9 . ' Bob Mulvey who placed n
...5. 11.2 over the 4.55 mile 26:21, and Kan Kim, "mm.
course' Keatmgopenedup The varsity faces LeMoyne on
a slight lead half-way November 2, election daIy.MWhen

the two teams met in the e cyne
thrOUgh the cour-Se' and Invitational a month ago, State
he held on to Wm over placed fourth behind the host
teammate Bob FliCk. team’s third place showing.

The frosli cross-country team
Flick whose effort earn d him '
rtRunne}_of_me_Meeg. timers paced by Mike Atwell's thirdplace
cau ht in a three battle for mosl “nlsh’ wound up m the number

g three spot at the annuaiViklngRun
of the race. Flick, Ken Durbln, at Hudson Valley cclastsmurday
and Plattsburgh’s Ralph Manners '

A total of 17 schools competed,
3:213:egurggnggfsedtgfigler um“ with Albany being only one of two
' frosh squads in the primarily jun-

Mam‘el‘s tried to Stay With FUCK. ior and community college field.
but the Scotia runner. who is just Slena’s fresh finished 13th.

 

SUBS 0R SANDWICHES

*

Nothing puts a crease in
these pants where a crease
doesn't belong. They hold
their crisp, neat look hour
after hour. No matter how
often they get washed, they
never, ever need ironing.
Trimly tapered with belt
loops and cults. Colors and
fabrics for casual and dress
wean-65% Dacron' pol es-
ter/35% cotton, $6.98. lan-
neis, hopsacklng, reverse
twists, Acrilan'acryllc, $7.98.
(Slightly higher in the West.)

EN ,'

“-~«..

 

"onto Eve

Filniéfeetivol
V begins
9p.m. tonight

, Neither rain
nor snow
nor beat
her Liz

 

can ever
wrinkle

I
.I.S.
Press-Free
Post-Grads

 

SUNDAY DINNER SPECIAL
Hot Roast Beef or Roast Turkey
Mashed Pot. & Veg. $1.25

WE DELIVER Call: 434-3298
CORNER - Control Avo. 5. Northern Blvd.

 

 

Cohen’s lion's Shop

All his. duties, -
hobding combo-suits,
sold at

20 Central Mt.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

President Extends ' "
Hopes for Success

in a letter addressed to the stu-
dents of the State University of

New York, Dr. Samuel B. Gould,
president of the State University
of New York, extended his wish to
all students to have a successful
year and welcomed the freshman
class.

Dr. Gould said that he “would
prefer a greater measure of per-
sonal communication with State
University’s student body” but re-
gretted that this was impossible
under present circumstances.

i-ie said that he was grateful to '

the editors of the college news-
papers for allowing him to com-
municate with the various student
bodies through this letter.

Dr. Gould said that becoming a
"member of the University is more
than learning seine rules and cus-
toms. It is, rather, making your-
self an. active part of a vital edu-
cational adventure, catching and
holding onto the spirit ofrestless-
ness and urgency we all sense as
we view the possibilities for the
University and for the future, de-
termining that you will do your
utmost to contribute to the ful-
fillment of both these possibili-
ties."

He called the students “a great
band of' comrades who share an
enthusiastic desire to acquire
knowledge and wisdom.”

The President said that his hopes
and the student's hopes are the
same, for the student's progress
and growth “will enhance similar
progress and growth for the whole
University."

He concluded the letter with the

assurance that he will use all his
power to make available to the
student a University experience

 

worth of the st dn’

Prosi out Samuel Gould

 

 

or Mice and Men‘
. Begins"
‘ Tomorro’w

 

 

 

 

 

 

     
   

  
  
 
  
      
    
 
     
       
        
       
  
      
   
    
   
   
      
     
      
      
      

IAN AND SYLVIA will perform South:
as port of the Homecoming Concert.

y afternoon in Page Hall

  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

fan and Sylvia will high—
light thc Homecoming
Concert Sunday with their
repertoire of English and
American class ballads,
mountain music, Negro
blues, cowboy ballads and
French Canadian songs.

Both lan Tyson and Sylvia brick-
or were performers in their own
right before they met and sauig
together in a Toronto coffee house.
Together they have done concert
tours, dramatic roles on the
Canadian television network, and
innumerable nightclub engage-
ments.

They won quick recognition on
United States television with their

appearances on the liootcnanny

program and the llell 'I‘elephone

....Extonds wishes for success “("113

Council Defends
Classical Stontl

“We stooped to For—
runtc rind Tciclicr, and
we stooped to Pete Sce—
gcr.” “We hnvc enough
of that trash around.”
These statements were
mnric by Cheryl File. of-
ficer of Music Council.

Miss Flis was asked about the
purpose of Music Council. She de-
fended the oplnlou that folk and
popular music is not music. She
stated that the Music Council
means classical music when they
use the term minim.

She said that State has weekends
like Homecoming and Parents’ Day

_ to bring in folk music and other

forms of popular music.
MISS Fits Insistell that the pro-
(Conliuuml lo [mgr 3)

 

lnlusc Personalities
They are known for infusingtheir
own personalities Into a song,giv-
ing it fire, without even intruding
lo the point where they \vould de-

Irnct attention from the essential ‘

value of the song.

“The New York Times” said
that folk singers could hardly find
a more tasteful model than the
work of Ian and Sylvia in review-
ing one of their recent record re-
lenses.

(Jillel' critics have acclaimed the
duo's Invaluable ability to judge
what is good and what is not.

iioth singers are Canadians. Ian ‘

grew up on a farm in Canada’s

cowboy country, the far west pro- '

vince of British Columbia. While

he was recovering from a rodeo;

injury at the age of ‘ ‘ he
became Interested In country mu-
sic and learned to play the guitar.

Begins Singing
After graduating from college,
he started singing wherever he
was able to get a job. After studv-

 

 "_"'s nersr‘vrsx’24:

Members of the Supreme Court according to the
Central Council Constitution shall be chosen in May.
Due to the organization problems, Supreme Court
has just been officially approved by Central Council.
After several extensions of the application period,

it“ the committee of MYSKANIA members — Maria

Maniaci. Pep Pizzillo, Udo Guddat. and Al Smith

interVIewed .the lappll- Constitutions of Living Area Af-
cunts. Their final list was fairs Commission and Solicitations

1?. presented to the Council Committee were approved by the

Council. Questions over absences
0“ OCtOher 28- Due to the from meetings and policy of the

limited number of appli- screening board were brought up
cunts, only two seniors goncerning LAAC andSolicitations
were named to the Court. omnilttee respectively.

According to the constitution P I t 
there should be four members,  o 
chosen from the Senior class,

three from the Junior class and   

two from the Sophomore class.
iiowever, this court consists of The twelve finalists for Home-
seven members. The seniors are coming Queen will be narrowed to
Gretchen Van Vleet and James “VB Frlday, November 5, by a
Ward; juniors: ConstanreMoquiat, [lane] of nine judges. The panel
Frank Penski and Ray Cianirinl; consists of representatives from
.and sophomores: Barb Chemelli fraternities, independents, Home-
and Rosemarie Vairo. coming Committee and faculty.
The members were present at The twelve finalists are Anne
Thursday's Central Council ineei- Bourdon, Gretchen Van Vleet, Sue
ing. Their appointment was ap- Nichols,VeraKamanowski,Jeanne

Ian, Sylvia to Highlightf:::;:..':i.."':.;;°“nenema in:’nunlizlrnopaln
Homecoming Concert

2:30 p.m.on Sunday. Evelyn Gordon, Joan Clark and
Representative-at-large from Lynn Kurth.

the commuters, Klaus Sclinitzer, The finalists will answer ques-

was sworn in by MYSKANIA Chair— lions from the Panel at 1:25 DJ“.

man, Al Smith. Schnitzer is 112- in Page. They will be Judged by

placing iiarold Lynne who re- their replies, composure and

ing tnusic wnn noy Guest he moved slaned from the Councll this fall. dress. In addition to these lac-

to Toronto where he met Sylvia in

a coffee house.

The press conference concern- tors, the audience reaction toeach
ing the auditors report on book girl will be given much weight in

Apart from a few piano lessons, prices and food service took place U16 UGClSlOllS 0r “18 [Janel-

Sylvia learned everything she at 1:25 p.m. on Monday ll! the (If--

The week preceding the judging

knows of music on her own, She fice oi President Collins. Bill the twelve finnlits will have to
mastered the autoharp and looked Cleveland will report to the Coun- wear purple and gold ribbons.

for new frontiers. Then she met C“ 0” “lat lllef—‘Hllg-

Ian in Toronto.

The five finalists will be announced
A committee was chosen by Stu- Fl‘ldlll’ “mill at “18 “OlllC‘CUIIlIHE

The apparent simpllcny or In” dent Association President Dick Bonfire.

and Sylvia’s lllllSll' is the result of 'l'lIOIlll’SUll. and allill‘uved by the

They will ride in the Home-

intensive work Wm, the],- mmerml comic“, to appoint student mem— coniing Parade Saturday and attend

and inspired performance.

hers to the Housing Committee. the soccer Billlle against C. W.

Tickets m,- melr Concert are The members of this new com- Post. During the half-time, Pat
being sold at the studenmcuvmes niittee are Mark Sunnnn, Sharon Fasanu, Inst year's queen will

Desk and in the Perist

so
..
.31
o

 
  
   
 

W i I l  nioultlllll

yles {or 'l‘eves, Dr. Knotts, Eleanor Die— announce the Homecoming Queen
liar and Lilli ilate.

    

_ for icon.
pardon-w 

 

 

 

 «-wer-rsabnugxmmlnmadwrrmoa..mx.i

 

Stephenson I'Iiolo

FOUR STUDENTS MARCH on Capitol Thursday in protest at the sales tax on textbooks and

not on mogolinol.

VOL. LI. atom-.36.,  
Central Council Accepts ,
. Supreme Court Nominees

  
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
   

    
 

 
 

