 

   
   
   
 
   
  
  
  

    
   
   
  
   
   

 

  
 
   
      
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

Jay-‘- an}.

 

 

,.w. ~:._~..n ' ,

 

 

 

 

 

3‘4.‘."—I"

 

l
1

 

    
  
    
    
   

  

" Show: t-sk»::=e"‘-Ih:-n.-szm,m ._

 

 

 

 
  
   

 

 

 

Press Conference

3- President Collins has again agreed to
continue the weekly press conferences
which he and the ASP instituted lastyear.
Once a week, he and/or Dr. Thorne,
Vice President of Strident Affairs will
be meeting with reporters from the
ASP, WSUA, and any other media or
groups who so desire.

‘In the past Dr. Collins has very
graciously answered any and all ques-
tions which have been put to him. He
has also used these opportunities to
release statements and announcements
to the campus news media.

These conferences provide an inval-
uable route of communication between
the students and the administration.
Questions-i which A. might otherwise be-
come 10st,}in'the bureducratic structure
of a large university can be asked to
and answered by the man who‘is ulti-
mately responsible for the workings of
the university.

It remains for the students to take full
advantage of these press conferences.
We urge any and all students who have
questions about the university or uni-
versity policies to make these questions
known to the ASP. We shall do our best
to see that they receive accurate ans-
wers.

ligre of Same IIII

e new recommendation of MYS-
KANIA regarding the "Torch" fall to
settle any of the basic questions ill-
volved in this situation.

The one point that is slightly more
clear is MYSKANIA’s hope that guide-
lines will be drawn specifically for the
"Torch" and not for all publications.
This is a relief. We were unable to
see much similarity between the “Di-

Th Alb
Votli ot aAnl any. The ASP oilice, located in Room 5 o IBruboclter Hall at 750 State Street, I: open Irorn 7-II p.ln. Sunday

I
through Thursdoy nights. The ASP may be reached by Jill

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6
BY THE CLASS OF WIS
A

‘ Idle Hands '

rectory” and the "Torch."

The new recommendations reaffirm
their previous stand. The older recom-
mendations included some totally irre—
sponsible suggestions.

The old list included attempting to
forbid the staff of the yearbook from
entering their book in contests,~barring
the book from residence hall lounges,
and barring the book from Activities
Day. '

MYSKANIA attempted to recommend
the impossible in asking for areview of
the “Torch” constitution. At the time
of the first list there was no "Torch"
constitution.

in re-affirming its earlier sugges-
tions, MYSKA’NIA virtually insists that
a committee be established by Central
Council which would have the power to
censor any  all" material "which it
deemed Was not in accord with the guid-
ing philosophy of the “Torch” and in the
best interests of the student body.

This form of fascism should be re-
jected by all reasonable people. Any fool
should realize that no staff is going to
work on a publication only to have a
series of big brothers approve each
word before it is submitted to the
printer.

The new recommendation that all sul-
aried persons be approved by Central
Council reflects the same lack of in-
telligence as the censorship proposal.

The attempt to make editorships and
WSUA positions political footballs is
absurd. The little men and their little
minds who fear that someone will point
to their errors as well as their points
of pride should avoid showing their in-
security.

We hope the Central Council will think
for themselves and not be led by the
shortslghtedness of MYSKANIA.

o
O
; ‘t

   

Student Press is a sarnicwoahly newspaper published by the student body ol the State University oI New
inq 434-403I.

JOSEPH W. GALU - JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
CO-EdIIOIS‘IH-Clllﬂl

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor
JUDITH M. CONGER
Technical Supuvlsor
WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

Assil'tont Sports Edlll‘r

DOUGLAS G. UPHAM
Photography Editor
MONICA M. MtGAUGHEY
Advertising Monogar
LARRY EPSTEIN
Arts Editor

EILEEN MANNING

onior Editor

DIANA M. DOMKOWSKI
Business Manager

KLAUS SCHNITZER
Anocioia Photography Editor

Don Oppodiaono

 

 

 

SIoII.................... 

Cunningham, Nancy Miodun

...LInIord Wliitu, Cynthia Goodman, Dione Sornrnurvilla, Kirstan Hustod, Judith Jowitz,
C. M. Carson, Sun Chops. Margaret Dunlop, Malcolm Provost. Richard
over, Susan Steiqor, Borburo Blodqott, Robert Cutty, Bab

oso, Mnrh

Wongor, Dill Sliriltmon, Linda Bronnron, Jolrn Sprol s, Janet Hess, Stuvo Curtl

c I .....i ..
Pl I. rI .

 

COIIOOIIIII .................................................. ..

Anne Dignoy, Stave Waller, Hurry Nucliois, Jim Deploy, Douglas Rotlrgab

Walter Post, Gary Woods, Too Moon Lao, Robert Stevenson

....  John Valid

 

.Ml thlnunicalrons must be addressed to the Editors and should be signed. Names Will be withheld on request. Coauthor»
Icotion'. should be lrrni‘ted lo 300 words and are subject to editing. The Albany Student Press assumes "OIQSPDIIIIbIllfy
or opinions 'lpralnd In in columns or communications, as such expressions do. n9l;n."||alll1 ullact its VtIWI-

    

ll racy. »po,,erry,_-snd just plain
' expediency and usury-to continue
anal)de ,becsuse “that’s the way
things arm". . .

Actually today's crimes are
worse; people escaped from the
it seems to me that Dong Rath- concentration camps, whereas
gob's review (Sept. 24) of London's thousands more are born each day
“The Pawnbroker” has completely in areas like Spanish Harlem.
missed the boat. . Michael Arcurl

'Reoielo' Missesfomt?
V, To-ttr‘i Editors:

 film not a professional movie
critic, ynordo l aspire to be, but

 
  
   
  

1 “m “m a '“m m“ “ Understands impatience

'serious commentary on our times,

and .1 feet that that’s' what “The T0 the Editors;
Pawnbrokor” is, but I disagree
with Rathgsb when hexclalms that disturbed to read the Open Letter
the essence of the film is the ‘story to Foreign Students that appeared
o! a man who survives one he" in the ASP, Tuesday, September 28.
only *0 he caught 1" IhOlheI‘ 0‘ his I sincerely hope that the apparent
OWh mnklnln' ‘ bitterness of the letter was not in-

For. you see. I'm not concerned tended, and if intended, at least not
as much with the situation of the shared by the bulk of the foreign
pawnbroker himself as I am with the students on campus.

“derelicts’ (as Rathgeb calls them). It Is not difficult to understand a
over whom the pawnbroker reigns. visitor’s impatience withthecailher

A Victim OI Drum: humiliating. of questions that Charles suggests
tyranny In the name of the “Fuh- are being asked. On the other hand,
rer," the pawnbroksr appears to I urge him to consider the equally
have gained no insight from his‘ llpmvocauyet-gnd“mithuenques-
“variance. and in turn 3095 Oh to tions that some of his own country-
humiliate and tyrannlze those below men might be tempted to ask a
him in the name of "Money." visiting American.

111519811 0" becoming a force for Whether we like it or not, a cul-
sood. he takes advantage of the tural barrier does exist. This bar-
exlstlllg corrupt social structure “er can be most effectively lie.
to gain the leverage he needs to stroyed by the kind of personal
dominate those about him. What interaction that might begin with
adds to his crime IS that he IS an an assinlne question and end with
edueated mall, an ex-professor,who a deeper understanding or a (m.
we would assume SllOUldkhOWbﬂller- forelit culture and a different point

For actually the pawnbroker lsan or view.
employee of “Rodriguez” --- the it is very true that Americans
vloe lord of Spanish Harlem --- and it hard to keep space with the
Bhd 1" turn {01' hitting his ShOP he "wind of change" not only in Africa
used as a "from." the l’aWhill‘Okel‘ but in the Eastern countries as well,
ls paid with money earned by nros- for the world is changing and de-
titutes, which he, ill turn, uses to veloplng with a rapidity that is a].
PTOVlde his relations With a nice most frightening. For those of us
home 0" Loni; island. who grew up with Tarzan movies,

Although the oawnhroker olalms it is not easy to visualize the urban
innoaence as far as the knowledge areas of Nigeria.
of where the money comes from, As built a State student of three
the viewer can’t help but feel that years and a person who has long
he must have had some iIlSlEht In been acquainted with the problems
the matter. v of students trying to adjust to new

Nor can we overlook the man- and alien surroundings, lei irle adri
ller ill which he personally cheats my own words of advice:
his customers and his dead friend’s Relax, Try to he more patient
wife, assuming no responsibility for with us. Be yourselves and help us
his actions, and again merelytakiug to realize that it is precisely by
advantage of circumstances for his recognizing and accepting our (lif-
owu benefits. fereuces as well as our similar—

Tlle pawnbroker eventually at- lties that we will build any lasting
tempts atonement for his crimes friendships.
by pushing a spindle through his Don't take offense at the inter-
paim, but that doesn’t alter the 50- est that students may take Ill your
cleiy around him. own personal affairs, for as visitors

Thus i feel that the essence of the and “celebrities” your activities
nlovle lies not luwbattlllsindlvldual will naturally warrant attention.

As a student at State, l was very I

 

 

   

“80A in Dramatics Council held its
third, annual reception for students
intimated lh working with the State
University Theatre. The reeeptlon
was held to acquaint students with
the possibilities for work in the
dramatic arts and to acquaint them
with the drama faculty.

The program began with an in-
troduction by Alex Krakowor, try-
out coordinator. President William
Msyer gave a short history of the
organization and explained thetypes
of work involved.

 

Chairman

Dr. Paul Bruce Pettit, Chairman.

of Speech and Dramatic Art, de-
livered the main address.

His speech centered on the
changes currently occurring in the
department, the strenous schedule
of .this year, and the plant avail-
able when the new campus is ready
for occupancy.

As plans now stand the theatre
building will cost 5.5 lnlllion dol-
lars. It will contain five theatres
seating up to 050.

There will also be a movie thea-
tre, an arena theatre and two lab-
oratory theatres seating approxi-
mately one hundred.

There are tentative plans for a
theatre which will float on the lake.

Big Schedule

Pottit said that tell major pro-
ductions in addition to over one
hundred smaller ones will he pos-
sible with the new facilities. These
facilities are scheduled to be ready
in 2 1/2 years.

New faculty members, Martin
Man and Robert Donnelly, were in-
troduced. Mann will direct “Stop
the World, I Want to Get Off," the
first faculty directed musical at

 

Portable
PHONOGRAPHS
for sale
New and Used
6 months guarantee
Trade-In accepted

BLUE NOTE SHOP
I53 Central Avenue

Open Eves. except Saturday

 

 

has personally gone through, for“ Abch all else, . ‘ Illill
many people shared similar exper- most of us are very anxious to see
fences ('7 million Jews, 20 million you succeed at State. It is the rare
Russians, and 3 nllliion Poles, for professor who won’t extend ll help-
example), but i feel that tlleessence lll|.'. band if it’s sincerely lleedellnnrl
lies Ill a condemnation of the exisi- the rare student who won't listen to
lug social structure which allows your questions. Best of luck.

such ill ustices aspl'ostitutlon vice Cynthia Goollmnii

ICES ——

MYSKANIA ill 1 p.ln. All students, faculty, and

MYSK/INIA has announced that the “"95” 3"“ euh'u’l” ‘0 i"”'“‘~‘ll’m"-
period for nominations to the Su-
pt'clnc Court has been extended to

       

 

Mu Lombdd Alpha

Wednesday, October fl, At present,
more similar applications are
needed. ApplIi-ntions may be picked
up ill lilo Student Activities Office,
Alden Hall and Strident Affairs Of-
fice. Draper 110.

Campus Viewpoint
Campus Viewpoint will be IllSIl‘I-
butoil to lippel'l-lusslntm ill the Path
styles this week.

Sigma Phi Sigma
l’l'esilleni Alive Kniz has all-
nouns-mi, IIIi- oil-l-Ilou iri’ilnl'isiioscn-
kept as l'ul'ol'illhg sol-l'elilr'y and

Laura Kormzel', historian.

Stato FaIr
Applications are liftilil,’ accepted
for State l'aIr ('Illlll'lllilllfs‘llllls.thll-

flicutluurs int-lune at least ii 2.0
average and il member of sopho-
more class.

Applications mum be given in

Marion Kintlsl'll, Cllilll'llillll of Spu-
eilli Events Board, llll'tllijlll student

mail. The following Illlill'lllilIIIlll
should ltt‘ included: mime, elile
your, address, phone number illul
listing of Ilf'IlVlIIffti you pilrtii-iplrtmi

Deadline for applications lsflctn-
bar 15.

Bridge Club
lir‘lilgo Club will liulil IIh' first
liuplii'uiu Iolll'illuueut Hniliiuy, (reto—
bar" 10‘ in‘ lirlrllunhuilt Hillbillobnt It; v

Mu Lambda Alpha, the llloiicl'n
language honorary, will holds Its
annual reception for international
students on Wednesday, October 0.
Punch and rookies will be served
ill the Faculty Dining Room lower
llusieli llnll from 3:30 to 5:00.

Modern language faculty and fill-
vuucod language students are ill-
vitcll to attend.

Rush Registration

informal l'usil registration will
take plucn October II-b I'm' sopho-
rnol'ns, juniors, and senior lrhiis-
forts and sopilonlol'os, juniors Ililil
seniors with an average of 3.0
The student nlny register ill till
Student Activities Desk in lll‘ll-
I)lll’ll(ll' Morllllly-’l‘lllirsdlly 3-1014”.

There will also be registration
on Thursday front lO-il in the I’Dl'l-
slvlns and Ill the Flag ltoom 4:30 -
7:00. if there are any questions,
I'ttillilf'l .lmul Milliol' or Sun Nil-hula.

Sophomore Weekend
The Millllllillill'lt wcokonli \vill (:(llil-v

mum-i- with lill illl universin lliikui'
“” “Cilllml' ll. Alh'f), Ilult sumo ovo-
“hitr ll skit ililll il Illslllilll show will
“8 lu‘or-‘nutoli. ’i‘l‘y-outs for file skit

will be bold 'I‘ullnilny, October ii, Ill
lil'ubllebol'.

Tickets may be obtained i‘I‘uIII
llownl‘rl Wnckslal', ’l‘ilr'uway Motor
Inn; bun li‘iuk Illlll lilll leiVOIIlllil,
White'lmy. . ‘

.v

 

Joe’s Cleaners
ANY 3 ITEMS
CLEANED FOR
PRICE OF 2
795 M adisonA ven
Present this Coupe

 

 
  
    
   

 
 
    

 
 

   

 
 

 
  

   

   

  
 

 
 
   

  

  

    
  
 
  

       
   

  
   

 

 

BILL MAY R, PRESIDENT of Dramatlcs Council, discusses

the Council's program for the upcoming year with interested

freshman at Thursday's reception.
Albany State.
Producer

Donllelly, a specialist III the tech-
nical aspects of theatre, joined the
faculty this year. lie completed
undergraduate work here at Albany
State before going on to an M.A.
at the Yale Drama Scllool.

lie has worked as technical ad-
.vlsor with summer SIOf'k over most
of the East Coast, the Santa Fe

 

Opera Company, the Denver Civic
Theatre and the Washington, D.C.
Arena Theatre.

YAMAHA
A d - — it good
MOTORCYCLE

Fine's Auto Sales
l025 Central Ave.

all

Government, business and educa-
tion activities of West Germany
were represented In a group of 160
visitors who toured the University's
campus Friday. The tour was spun-
sored by the German government.

The rrlell and women who attend
schools for post secondary educa-
tion arrived by bus from New York.
First, they received a tour of the
new campus and then attended a
luncheon held in Brubacher Hall.

The visitors were addressed ill
their native language by Dr.Thomas
Barker, 3 Professor of History at

  

   
 

the university. Dr. Barker. Ede

acribod'oducstional programs oftho .

University with a special emphasis

on the offerings of the Albany Uni-s g

varsity center.

Dr. Randolph, Gnrdner,‘-_Delin of
the School of Education, Dr. Milton:

Olsen, Dean of the School of Busi-
ness, and Dr. Albert Mossin, Pro-
fessor of Business, discussed the

fields of business, business adv

ministration and educational, ad-
ministration, the primary fioids of
interests to the group:

 

Buy Tyre (2) MIR-ES
Get One (I) FREE

CLIP THIS COUPON

Open 7 Days a Week

MIKE’S SUBMARIIIE J

 

 

TIMES

at low college rates.

Monday-Saturday $4.60
Monday-Sunday 10.00
Sunday only 5.40
Monday-Friday 4. I0

 

READ THE NEW YORK

Have The Times delivered every morning

For service, get In touch with:

Robert Maurer at 465-9457

Hu I'l’ ll lune will it: :l.I.~

 
  
 

510. I5
22.75
I2.60
9.50

IitliIcu' during the strike. J

 

 

 

 

¢ SAlE

Buy I PAPERBACK FOR 99¢

Get Another for

It more

Hundreds of ' titles to select from
~ .JDHN MISTLETDE BDDKSHDP

ado waaumurun AVlttus
ALBANY. NEW YORK til":

Albany’s First Stop for the Student

The

go for

 

Each Keepsake setting is
a masterpiece of design, l'e-
fleeting the full brilliance
and beauty of the center dia-
mond . . . a perfect gem of
flawless clarity, ﬁne color and
meticulous modern cut. The
name, Keepsake, in the ring
and on the tag is your as-
surance of fine quality.
Your very personal Keepsake
is now at your Keepsake
.leweler's store. Find him in

EN GAGE-ABLES

K eepsake'

 

rum hum trim in term. In... Iltlllll'tl
in nu... ill-um hr Iliuil at run: lihl Mr!
C A M t to I

 

the yellow pages under
“Jewelers.”

 
 
  
 

st

ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING

\

 

[FHOW TO PLAN YOUR
I Please send now 20-pogo booklet, “How To Plan Your Engagement
I and Wedding" and new IZ-paao full color folder, both for only 25¢.
I Also, sond special oIIor of beautiful 44—per Bride's Book.

I ernlo._._...._..- .,  ._c _..

} Allelic“... ._,.. .,

.~-Zin—. _... .

I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I

 

 

 

 

lClly. . -.. c-" _._. A ,_.._..__.Stota. .. -
ll KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13202

~.—_,...,.._—_——_....—._,_..,....._.—,-.—u—.__...——¢.,..Hv_

t

n
..

   
  
    
 
  

 
  
  
   
    
    
    
 
   
      
  
   
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
     
     
  
  
 
 
 
  

 

    
      
         
    
     
   
  

 

