    
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
  

_ “a.” .

 

I
I
l
l
\

 

has!
held at 8: p.m.? in

  

party _
6-12 p.m.
Friday, ,Jtme ll, will be the date
of the dinner-dance at the Planta-
ties Room of the Thurway Motel.
A cocktail hour from 6-7 p.m. will
begin the festivities.

The dinner will be held from 7-9
p.m. and will include the Motel floor
show. Turkey will head the menu for
the meal. Father Smith he's granted
a special dispensation to those who
ordinarily cannot eat meat.

Tommy lppollto and his orchestra
will provide the music for the dance
from o p.m.-l a.rn.

Bids for Senior Week maybepur-
chased at 914 per couple. If pur-
chased separately, the tickets are
$5.50 per couple for the informal

Campus Groups Name Officers
For 1965—66 Academic Year

Sigma Phi Sigma -
The sisters of Sigma Phi Sigma
announce their officers for 1965-66:
Alice Katz, President; Marlon Kin-
tisch, Vice President; Ceal Cutic-
chia, Recording Secretary; Betsy
Mickel, Treasurer, and Debbie
Meltz, Corresponding Secretary.
Janet- Aranow, Eleanor Diener,

, and Brenda Miller are l.S.C. Rep-

resentatives. Harriet Biatt and Gail
Magaliff are Rush Captains. Parl-
iamentarian is Sheila Monahan, Ar-
lene Dobson is Ritualist, and Leslie
Miss is Assistant Treasurer.
Vivian Drown, Marshall, Betsy
Ann Craft, Fran Greenfield, Alumni
Secretaries; Joni Adler, Social
Chairman; Laurie Misller, Publicity
Chairman; Janice ,Horning, Histor-
ian, Sandy Bush, Culture Chairman,
Pam Keyes, Song Leader, Sharen
Winous, WAA Representative; Linda
Vogel, Scholarship Chairman; Mary
Jane Gusberti, Senior Co-ordlnator.

Psi Gamma has announced its of-
ficers for the coming year. installed
in office May 10 were the following:
Lotte Lauf, President; Sue Greene,

betand William Colgan. the skit" will ‘satirize
ior olass audits four years at Albany State. I
I I Party, so per couple iorthe‘Dinner-
'-Dauce‘,‘ and 83.50. per couple for the

tinitr

n oiorﬁsoniorWeoksotivitios
on" June. a and conclude with graduation
The first eveht willbe the Senior Skit which

Page Hall. Written by SklP'

dance alone. \ r

" The tr'aditional Torch Night cere-
monies will take place at e p.m. in-
Page on Saturday, June 12. Grad-
uation will begin at l0 a.m. on Sun-
day on Thurlow Terrace.

Bookstore to Sell

‘Fausius’ Record
The State University Bookstore
has announced that it has on sale
a record oi the State University
'l'heatre's production of "Dr. Faus-

  
 

NIN CMPUS WAD etc o
lace-lilting with the e dltlen
ol ewlerge number of pine
trees, currently being planted.

IIev loll Awards.

Ilirtt ,Siatt Stilts
Ilegis fellowships--

tus.” The is was resented earl- Paul M. Jensen, George E. Matt-
ier in the ygaiy. p bows, and Earl G. Schreiber, three

The record sells {01134.95 and seniors at State, have been named
features the full recording oi the as recipients for New York State
production. The actors on the re- Regents Fellowships. The Fellow-
cordin- .re Howard Miller, Norma ships can be applied towards grad-
.Gitter, Dan Labrelle,andGeorgiana- uate study leading to a Ph.D. or
Francisco. equivalent degree.

The jacket of the record was de- Each fellowship entitles the stu-
signed by John Moore, who designed dent to receive up to $2,500 yearly
the scenery of the play,and features for full-time study, and up to $1,250
a photo of Miller.  for ~part-time study, depending on
financial need. The grants were
awarded on the basis of achieve-
ment on open competition for all
qualified New York State residents,
academic record, and faculty rec-

ic President- Cher lSymula,Re- ommendations.

Zording Secrethry; Chokie Gentile, Jensen Plans to enter 8 Speciitil
Corresponding Secretary; Clancy Pi‘OSI’ﬂm at C01limblii UniVel‘a Y
Nolan, Treasurer; Ellen Grochadl, offering courses related to mo on
Assistant Treasurer;RuthMcGrath, Pictures. radio. will Elmer!“ cfilm"
Rush cnalrman; Nancy Boger, [sc munications. Matthews will pur-
Representauv9_ sue graduate study in mathematics
Also Faith Foster, Chaplain; Sue illitd “afraid UniVei‘SilY S S¢h0°l Oi
' - Jud] Ke - uca on.
Eggceé$:::lcﬁ:ﬁ$::?’gvie mug- Schrelber will enter the doctoral
tor: Alumni Secretary; Nora Tyletr, £f§§$ﬂvggsﬁgsllm iii JOhnS HOD-
’ etar - Kat .
Eggdgwotlwnslwrsgcrcwthln; Ruth All fellowships must be used for
Young, Song Leader; Caryl Cooper, study leading to doctoral training
Historian; Maddi Schnabel, Repor- for POBNOHS in 0011089 tiiiiiihliiE.
tor; Sue Judge, Critic andiggrlia- “Kills” agdmlveiitioii'i'TIi.
- a rcher an e gy to an
Elli‘érlslhlgns? g Copies or the 1905-96 University
' Kappa Beta Calendar of Events will beavallsble

Officers for Kappa Beta for the in the Student Activities Office,

1905-66 year are Art Ferrari, Pres. Brubacher Hall, beginning Tuesday,

    

 

 
   
   
 
  
  
    
  
    
 
  
    
   

fcerned’ students. Revision of

headed by Dean Howard Maxwell

  I U. ,_ , h
A new orientation program . III,

‘ ' . .claasmen concernimmtationhas
mmwgomﬁﬁmfo bug'scheduled in 'all balls on that
Km“ ‘ ‘ . Mo, y. ,

' Fruhmn' m on“ all; it is hoped such a program will
help fill the gapbetweentheSummer
Planning Conference and the begin-

 

present inadequate system will at-
tempt to fill the needs and ex—

t. ppm“, or m freshman and m hing oi classes which the freshmen

mun“ , experienced this year, but upper.
'h'glize‘hmdgihlhti’ttzglsnestabl’ishedto cinnamon participation will be a
cover the main aspects of the or- crucial factor.

iantation program are Academic,     
L r ' ' s
Brown, and Maria 'l‘ucci, and a 8m

Residence Hall committee. ﬁelded Plans for tiienaccalaursateserv-
by William McKinnon and Joan ice State University Graduatesand
k- 1 their families and friends have been
' Tile Academic Committee plans to "mum by many 1mm, chair-man
center the academic orientation of o; the mm Plunging Committee
the freshmen around several books {or m. gel-vice,
relating to the general topic, “The The Service, sponsored by Cam-
RGSPOMIDIO 5011-” Th9 "39 01“ pus Christian Council will be held
“Golden Eve” type come hour dis- at a a.m. June 13, at the First Luth-
cusaion with the ineluslon 01 “DP”- eran Church on Western Avenue.
Gil-85mm. 8“de “SWINE. “id The Reverend James M. Boyd,
facility. it is hoped. will mm In Senior Pastor at First Methodist
academic atmosphere and provide Church in Schenectady, will deliver
the opportunity to meeilippei'dlﬂ- the sermon. The service will be
men and faculty in an informal and preceded by a breakfast and infer-
meaningltil atmosphere. mal discussion to give parents a

The mill" OblecllV" 0‘ “19 Cilm- chance to meet various faculty mem-
pus-Wide Activities Committee are be”, _
to promote university conscious- Any student or faculty member
ness, interaction between freshmen interested in singing in the chair at
and upperclassmen. student-faculty the Baccalaureate Service is asked
relations and an awareness of and to contact one of the members of
participation in activities on mm the committee. The members of the
pus. A tentative “first week" has commmee are Nancy Baumam,Eu-
been set up which includes the gene Tobey, Arthur Johnston, and
Candlelight Ceremony,Convocation, Chairman Nancy Keith, Campus
a Fresh class meeting, a bonfire, Minister Frank Snow can also be
Prestdént's Reception. 3 concert contacted at 501 State Street, 436-
and Activities Day. 9275.

The Residence Hall Committee is The choir will not begin rehear-
exploring-thepossiblerolecommun- sals until the final exam period
ity living can play inthis orientation lg over.

gligaﬁ'afhﬁ 21l°%§l:‘é.i‘tlélf Kienzle Receives
Association Award

ientation, freshmen welcome on
campus, big sister and brother pro-
gram on a hall level and the use of John Kienzel, a sophomore at
hall facilities for fresh interaction scale, has been awarded the Arvle
with “Dilemma-Sine" Mid other iresh- Eidred Scholarship by the New York
°“- State Teachers Association. The
T0 {William 5mm 3 Program. the $500 grant is given to a New York
Administration has set upnextfall's student who is preparing to be a
arrival schedule such that upper- teacher,
classmen will be on campus by the Kienzle is a Social Studies major
time freshmen arrive. Organiza- and a former winner of the Warden
tlonal chairmen will arrive on the Scholarship. He was one of five
Saturday before clhsses,juniors and students in New York who were
seniors on Sunday, and sophomores chosen for the award.

Illt‘l William Sinnl‘iom; Campus-Wide
Activities, headed by Dean Neil

B
E

 

ident; Robert Peterkln, Vice Presl- May 25-
dent; Tim Ambrosino, Secretary;
Jay Rosovsky, Treasurer; Dan
Jinks, Sr. l.F.C. representative;
Jerry Dolinger, Jr., l.F.C. repre-
sentative; Buzz Ostrowsky, Soph.
l.F.C. representative; and Tom Pal-
mer, Historian.
{runllunt't/ lu [mgr- 6)

 

WEIRD" SPECIM

CHICKEN—IN—THE- BASKET
with FRENCH FRIES
55¢

STUDENT UNION SNACK BAR

 

 

 

Turtlrt

 

NoDoz...

KEEP ALERT meters

  

“ v ' r-rn'i 5M5 AS eom.

WAY to stay alert
without harmful stimulants

NoDoe'“ keeps you mentally
alert with the same safe re-
fresher found in doles. Yet
NoDoe b faster. handler. the
reliable. Absolutely not habit~
iormtng. Next time monotony

as
r. with safe.

makes you feel drowsy while
studying. working or driving.
lonado.. . peritup
effective NoDoa
Keep Alert Tablets.

m as. pm u even toe-Mt.

Draper Hall
135 W cslcrn

 

 

rahuaiinn
I EEIFTS

 

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

TAKE HOME
A MEMENTO

Ext. 129

A be. A llmuy, N. Y.

 

 

  
   
   

  

   
    
  

      
   
     
 

 

 

 

 

Mr. John Stoessinger, a profes-
sor at Hunter and Columbia and
special consultant to' the U. N.,
spoke to a small number ofstudents
in Bru lower lounge last Monday
night. Mr. Stoessinger, a political
scientist, discussed the financial
crisis of the U. N. and his role in
trying to find a solution.

The talk was divided into three

parts: (1) how the U. N. got into‘

its ﬁnancial "mess,", (2) whatwent
on behind the scenes to solve the
difficulty, and (3) what the speaker
learned about the countries (par-
ticularly the U. S. and the USSR)
from his work in mediating the dis-
pute.

Mr. Stoessinger began by telling
the assembled students how the fi-
nanclal crisis frist started and then
continued to grow until the present.
The beginning was in 1956 when
Dag Hammarskjold sent a peace
keeping force into Suez. it was
unanimously voted to send this force.

How to Pay

The cost of this peace keeping
mission was $20 million, and there
was no provision in the U. N.
charter to raise the money. Mr.
Hammarskjold suggested a system
oi collective payment where each
country would pay a % according
to their size.

Russia didn’t like this suggestion,
and said that England and France
should pay since they were the
aggre'ssors. Thus, the ‘U. N. divided
into two groups: “We could pay but
we won’t," or, “We would pay but
we can’t.”

No solution to this problem was
found. By 1960 the U. N. was $40
million in the red. It was at this
point that Mr. Stoessinger was asked
to intervene. Before he could get

“var apps-tor » w

  
 
 
 

 

, .
underway_the Congo bl w in. . '
Russia was dissatis ed with the

U. N.'s handling of the crisis-and r
Khrushchev, while banging on

table with his shoe, demanded a
Troika. After the Congo, U Thant
began to sell bonds to try to raise
money.

The Cyprus crisis then broke
out, and U Thant tried to finance
that peace force with voluntary con-
tributions. This was the situation
when the 19th General Assembly
convened in Sept., 1964. it seemed
inevitable that a vote would betaken
on whether those countries who
hadn't paid should retain their vote.

If this proposal came to a vote
and was passed the Russians would
leave. If it wasn't passed, the
Americans would leave. Mr. Stoes-
singer, negotiating behind the
scenes, went to the Russians and
asked them if they would help save
the “poor, bankrupt U.N.”

The Russians said they would
give money, but only on a “Vote
now, pay later," basis. The U.S.
said no, “Pay now, vote later.”
This was the deadlock at the 19th
General Assembly meeting, and the
only'motion passed was that there
should be no voting.

Voluntary Payments

As it stands now, the Russians
and French have agreed to make
voluntary payments. There is also
a "Gentleman’s Agreement”tokeep
peace-keeping missions “modest”
for the next two or three years.

After doing considerable research
on the subject, 1‘. Stoessinger
doesn’t feel that governments are
reliable to pay their bills to the
U.N. He believes that in the future
the U. N. will have to seek private
funds for supporting peace missions.

  

STUDENTS CONTRIBUTE TO the University in many ways,
sometimes just by being around. The ASP solutes Otto Hartman,
who, in his live years In the University, and especially in the
Union, has "been around" when lriends wanted someone to talk

to.

f UnitedNntions  -‘ 

.~  raisingtheprice ~

ofv.interoational‘-atamps and giving
thrprofthtothe U.N.. putting a toll
onuinte'rnational shipping, taxing

 

 

‘pissports, exploiting mineralsinthe , ,
Ahtarctica, charging for the use of

outer space, and selling drilling
rights to the oilvln international
waters. ‘
Mr. Stoessinger sees a change
in U. S. policy toward the U. N. in
the near future. “The Honeymoon

is over for thé U.S.” he stated. in ‘

the past, the U.S. has been the
staunchest support of the U.N. All
peace keeping missions and big
decisions have also been in our
favor.

He believes ,this will be differ-
ent now. He predicts Red China
will be invited to join and refuse the
invitation. This will probably cause
a furor in the Senate, and he is
worried about the U. S. commitment
when things get rough.

U. N. and Vietnam

During the question and answer
period Mr. Stoessinger was asked
why the U.N. had not intervened in
Vietnam. He replied that the coun-
try has to ask the U.N. for help,
(Vietnam did not) and Vietnam is
not even a member of the U.N.

“Realistically, only the Attorney
General can try to get the two sides
together," he said. He believes that
the U.N. can only send‘peace forces
into "grey areas," and let the al-
liances handle the real trouble spots.

Mr. Stoessinger is generally op-
tlmistlc about the future of the
U.N. He believes it will have to lay
low for the next two or tiiree years,
but it will then emerge as strong
as ever.

Freedom Council
To Hold Discussion
0n SCOPE Issue

Freedom Council will sponsor
an open debate Monday night on the
past as well as the future of the
SCOPE unit at‘ Albany State. It will
begin at 8 p.m. In Brubacher Dining
Room. A film will be shown at the
conclusion of the debate.

SCOPE has recently been the cen-
ter of a great deal of controversy
concerning its purpose both in the
University and in the country as a
whole. Student government twice
considered rescinding the group's
recognition because of alleged vio-
lations of its organization recog-
nition statute.

The second reconsideration came
as a result of a ruling by MYS-
KANIA that the group had in fact
violated the statute.

The proposed purpose of Monday
night’s debate is to provide a forum
for discussion between the pro and
con SCOPE elements in the Univer-
sliy. Several faculty and students
supporting SCOPE, including the two
State students chosen to go South
this summer, have agreed to appear.

Members of student government,
MYSKANIA, WSUA, and others who
have shown opposition are to be in-
vited to take part. it is emphasized,
however, that any interested student
or faculty member may take part in
the debate.

 

Gerald ’8 Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N.Y.
Phone 6-3610

 

 

 

' We Call and Dellverl

PIN'E HILLS CLEANERS
340 Western Avenue
CLEANING and EXPERT
TAILORING

 

 

V 2-313

    

OS

 
 

J

 

 

ENS

ocvnnrnsur sroa'a

czar/rt: rap mm; Mpim'

NI CENTRAL AVENUE 0 IITVCTN RDIIN 0 LANE AVE.

 

FOR Au. vooo «ocean

  

 

" y

 

 

   
   

Wall’s

Submarine

   
  
        
        
   
       
   
      
  
  
  
  

.

     
  

   
 

  

FORUM SPEAKER Mr. John Stoessinger speaks to a small group
ol students concerning the current financial crisis at the U.N.
He has been a special advisor on linonciol olleirs lot the U.N.

Universilyto House Study
Of Student-Teacher Relations

Attem ts to reduce the training in desegregatedschoolsys-
p t
ems.
przbletms bftw‘?“ teB'CherS Video tape and the closed circuit
an S u en 5 "1 desegre" TV network at SUA and a modified
gated schools will be the psycho-drama in which participants
. _ will become emotionally involved
subject of a “qule Yea? through the dramatization of per-
long Program beginning in tlnent recognized literature are
a two-week workshop this
summer at the State Uni-

among the teaching techniques that
will be employed during the pro-
versity of New York at
Albany.

grain.

The institute, “Special Educa-
tional Problems Occasioned by De-
segregatlon,” is an outgrowth of Ilie
1964 Civil Rights Act.

Financed by a Federal grant of
$55,600, outlined in the 1964 Civil
Rights Act, the summer institute
will be held from August 9 through
August 20, with regular monthly
meetings through June, 1966.

Designed to “decrease the dis-
affecticn between teachers and stu-
dents and to prepare a group of
teachers in desegrated schools,"
the program will involve 20 area
classroom teachers from kinder-
garten through grade twelve who
are experienced in this field.

Also included will be twenty sen-
iors from the State School of Edn-
cation studeni body who will be
placed in n desegregated teaching
situation next year.

Stlpenda

Summer participants receive $15
per day, up to a maximum of $75
a week between August 9-20 (less
$80 for two weeks lodging).- _

Academic year participants re-
ceive $15 per day plus traveling
expenses for one day per month for
the meetings.

Area school superintendents will
recommend the twenty practicing
teachers and the School of Educa-
tion will select the twenty seniors.

Professor John A. Ether is co-
ordinating the program at the Uni-.
versity, while Daniel Ganeles is
serving as associate director.

I NOTICES l

Control Councll

There will be a meeting of Cen-
tral Couiicll this Sunday, May 23,
at 7:30 p.m. in Brubacher Hall. it
is extremely Important that all
members are present at this meet-
ing. Election of officers and orien-
tation of members are on the im-
mediate agenda.

All Students

Any student interested in co-
chairing State Fair 1965-66 may
submit an application to Marian
Klntiscli via Student Union Office
in Brubnchei' Hall. include name,
class year, address, and average.
List any campus activities in .vliich
you participated and state wny you
would like to co-chnlr State Fair.
Deadline for applications is May

then You lamheii’s charge Account

No interest or carrying charge

Bchovlor Changes

During the full-time experience
of two weeks all forty participants
will explore ways of effecting
charges in behavior in desegregated
schools and developing classroom
procedures and techniques that will
induce cooperative effort.

Then the participants will meet
monthly to evaluate progress and
plan future steps.

in addition, the twenty student
teachers, under direct supervision
of the School of Education faculty,
will work in eight weeks ofintenslve 26

 

 

COURTESY CARD

7. ﬂ.  Jewelers

Ill CeatreI Are. These: til uric
Albany. New Verb

emu m ’
me use:
This Cord Entities You To
20% ON On All Cosh Sales
(Repairs Excluded)

 

Mom-Than.
8 p.m. - I2 p. m.

Fri-Sat.
8 «.m. - Ia.m.

Fine Watch and Jewelry Repairing
on Premises

rum un— H mm. .s.

 

Open evenings till 9

 

 

 

_.

Sun. 4 p.m. - I2 p.m.

Saturday till 6

 

 

 

 

 

 

