   

   

  
  
 
 
 
    

   

 
 
   

 
 

  
  

 

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

     
 
    

 

 

 

 

  

  

‘no'asnr COHEN oiscus‘s'ss oil.

of Politics Monday afternoon.

'Iruihiulness Not

’ I

' CommonaMorkot bolero Forum

a Prerequisite _

for the Profession oi Diplomacy

“‘The diplomat is not re-
quired to tell the truth. in
fact he is not expected to
tell the truth. Telling the
truth is not his business.”

This was one of Dr. Robert Ol-
iver's main points in his analysis
of the “Speech of Diplomacy: Ap-
pearance vs. Reality." lie spoke
before an audience of more titan
400 Monday night as part of the
"America at Mid-Century" Sym-
posium series.

Oliver is presently chairman of
the departlnent of speech at Pen-
nyslvania State University. Iie spent
over twenty years in the field of
diplomacy, however, and illustrated
many of his points with personal
experiences.

No Distinction

Oliver undertook the task of clear-
ing up public misconceptions of the
diplomatic profession. One popular
misconception is that diplomats
from different countries possess
distinct characteristics. That is,
French diplomats are sly, British
diplomats canny and Russian diplo-
mats not to he trusted.

On the contrary said Oliver, "The
rules of the diplomatic profession
are pretty much the same all over
the world." Diplomats from differ-
ent countries regard themselves
almost as fraternity brothers, united
in the effort of keeping the pence.

While the countries they repre-
sent may officially hate each other,
diplomats are often close friends.
This is due partly to the fact that
a diplomat "is a puppet speaker,
speaking to a shadow audience."

The diplomat has no power or
authority to determine policy or
work out compromises with other
diplomats, He can only convey tile
official policy of his government
and take the stands they want to
take.

Truth oi Little import
in showing how policy is deter-
mined in Washington, Oliver ex-
plained that "diplomacy has its own
ethics." Under this code of ethics,
"tho facts" or "the truth" play
little part.

When a crisis snub as the one
in Cuba arises, two groups of men
In Washington immediately go to
work. One group tries to determine
exactly what the [acts in the case
are. The other group studies the
political implications of the situa-
tion and ofvnrious collrsori oiaclioti.

When the diitn of both groups are
submitted, “a policy decision is

made Willf'il sometimesaccords with.

the facts, but very often lint." 'l'he
diplomat, in translating this policy
to other nations, Is not expected to
tell the truth, but to tell the pulley.

Truth Actually Harmful
The truth may actually harm the
country's position, as In the U-2
spy incident in 1000. When Power's
plane was shot down over itunnta,
“our State Department spoke right

up and lied about it."TwodaysIater
in a press conference, President
Eisenhower admitted that Powers
was on a spy mission. Russia lin-
mediately gained an advantage in
international relations, and can-
celled the scheduled summit con-
ference.

When asked why he had made
such an admission, [Eisenhower re-
plied, "Beeause it is true." Said
Oliver, "That Is the poorest excuse
for that sort of blunder."

Oliver also criticized newspapers
such as the “New York Times” for
demanding that the government give
the people the facts of an issue.
"This is the kind of stupidity that
no newspaper should indulge in,"

f

      
 

 

New '00 Cltcvelie SS 390 Coiwerffb

 
  

were iabl‘  to, complain
through ’ the “proper chan-.

n‘els.” » ,

The “bitch-in" ‘received total ad-
ministrative support as they sup-
plied the'students with everything
down to coffee and donuts.

The entire evening was organized
under the guidance of Howard Hig-
man, a sociology professor. Students
say that Higman speaks their lan-
guage as he attends their parties,
drinks with them, and responds
happily ‘when students call him at
3 a.m. for a talk.

Began at 10 P.M.

The "bitch-in" began at 10 pm.
and by 4 am. the last stragglers
were finished bitching. At times it
appeared that the evening might
turn into a circus, with effect meas-
ured more in terms of oratoricai
adeptness than actual complaints.‘

Reason, or the word most fre-
quently heard throughout the eVe-
ning, "responsibility," was quickly
restored by a hard-core group of
fifty student leaders. These leaders
said that the purpose of the entire
evening was to find out if student
opinion existed on questions of ed-
ucational reform, academic free-
dom, and administrative control,
as they felt It did.

They were searching essentially
for a “mandate for action."

Dismisses Critics

The leaders dismissed all critics
who felt the evening was an admin-

'istrative plot to try and level off
student protest by giving it a vocal
"letting-off-steam."

Seating was not available for half
of the early crowd; many sat, slept
and did homework on the floor,
while others wandered in and out.

Outside the ballroom where the
“ - ’ students milled

*1 ii

   

. -'~ .

lo and Sport Coupe.

about, _ of them try ng
of a "bitch" they might air.
on brunette from California

' walked back and forth wrapped in

red ribbon. with a sign on her back

stating "l_ protest the redtape at.

the University of California."

On the ballroom .ceiling hung a
$1,000 mobius strip built by lBM
for a special conference they had
at the University. It was an endless
strip, on which light can carry and

 

' never cross itself.

Analogy Mode

This caused an observer to re-
mark that it was a little like the
university — “built by science and
running around in a never ending
circle trying to find itself."

While all the students who talked
were the “normal student type" —
no bearded or sandaled rebels —
there were virtually no faculty or
administration speakers. Both had
expressly been invited to attend:

The loudest "bitches" of the en-
tire evening came from the night

having the Memorial Center, where
the, program was held, locked at
1194!".

.aThe‘y complained to each other
loudly of those “complaining stu-
dents" ----“All that's going to
come of this will be coffee and
stains and cigarette butts on the
floor," one janitor said. “I didn't
even intend tovhave to map that
place, but I guess I'll have to now.”

Procedure Protosted

The, actual bitching procedure was
in itself protested by several stu-
dents. When they entered the room,
they were given an IBM card with a
number, and their speeches, timed
five-minute complaints, were called
otit by number.

'This seemed to many a gross
example of everything wrong with
today's “multiversity”: the lllli
machines even controlled their pro-
tests.

uoncrs _

Newman Club

Daniel Barrigan, S.J. will give a
talk, followed by a discussion on
the “Paradox of the Times-the good
man” in Page Hall Monday,Novem-
ber 22 at 7:30 p.m.

Barrigan Iias written many books
including seine on poetry. Presently
on the board of Jesuit missions in
the United States, he has given talks
to such groups as the papal volun-
teers and the Peace Corps.

Sigma Alpha

Sigma Alpha Sorority has an-
nounced that the following girls
have been pledged: Jeanne Allen,
Carol Meier, Joan liech, Densie
Rich, and Veda Weinett.

Sig Alpha is holding an informal
party Friday, December 3 at the
Circle Inn. Music will be provided
by the "Mid Knights.”

‘ .ii

33 396 by Chevrolet

Equipped with a
Turbo-Jet 396 V8, ‘
special suspension
and red stripe tires.

These cars weren’t: meant; for
the driver who is willing to
settle for frills.

They're engineered from
the chassis on up as no-com-
promise road machines.

Standard output; of the new
Turbo-Jet 396 V8——which
powers both models—is 325
hp. This remarkably eiiicient
power plant is also available
in a 360-bp version.

So much for what happens
on straightaways. How about
curves? You ride on a special
SS 396 chassis—with
cornering suspension and
wide-base wheels.

A fully synchronized 3-

Solicitations

Any student wishing to post signs
involving the solicitation of monm
(LE. tutoring for a fee, typing sert.
ices, etc.) inust contact William
Murphy, Chairman, Solicitations
Committee, prior to such action.
All those who have posted unauth-
orized materials are asked to re-
move them and contact the mom
mittee.

SLS

The brothers of SLS have an-
nounced that the following inen haw
been inducted into the fraternity:
Casper Sedgwlck, Richard Clarke,
Thomas O'llagan, George Leihowitz,
Arnold Fox, George Eecekr, Cartoon
Chicone, Kenneth llorne, Juno-s
O'Brien, Robert Mulvey and Howard
Commander.

flui-

 

 
    
   
   
   
  
    

   
    
 
  
  
 
  

_PA

 

  

 

 

Im are

more rid culooo
everg dag.

 

thing

 

 

A conﬁnement} a on. o
, concerning the roll
CCCII

frrr

 

      

trial“;
Ilia work in than ’3
meeting Fridayyltlouqtn

     

    

0rd
I South Endt
n12."  

L-l asset.
none or omen-arm wincn mean in m or.

marrow. 01M Chairman's atom 10 an: Acconmio re 1,, "
- mo;convxcnons,.m. enema rnar‘rnea'ruosrnnnr nun, :V.
C'nous pscmt‘igg v

poUCIEswmca 3mm in] such as:er
manque; .'  _ ' , . 
cannon, nacooma mm mun minim-um cou

AND LEAD OTHERS; TOWARD; IT  PURSUING iT-;"l,'El!‘}Mg ‘

SELVEB. , .

CT: in recent months, there Ippeirodintnenroa In additional‘activof
vital force working for the betterment of man and the promulgation

_ of true Christian principles. - ;

This force was mentioned by an individual who had «meetings
to criticise niothnrgic political machine, In minute citizenry, on
a Church authority lacking in conviction —' by a man-who not only
criticized the social injustice'tnut he win-sud," but who also truly
bore witness to the Christ to whom he in dedicated. ‘

' The Chancery of the Diocese, of Albany has brought about a sitin-

' tlon in which the aforementioned individual is not allowed to involve

himself in community action in any manner —cnnnot fully follow the
Christian conviction and seek Christ in men. ' '

INCIPLE: l. in today's world, many men seek a true and valid con-
cept of Christianity. Many have come to the conclusion that Christ.
must be found in man — they believe that a Christian must become
involved with men, and that by dedicating their lives to the,cauce of
humanity, they are, in fact, living for and in Christ._,_ ‘4 . ' l

To be truly Christian, one must fight deprivation of human
rights, destruction of self-respect, and social injustice of all types.
One must seek Christ in the betterment of man.

2. Any human being has, by his nature, the right to express opin-
ions and to follow his convictions. Moreover a Christian has the‘
right to pursue fulfillment of his Christian responsibilities.

3. Leaders of groups within the Church have the responsibility
to direct human activity toward Christianity.

a. Speaking in positive terms, leaders of the Catholic diocese
must be active forces in the profession of true Christian con-
cepts. They must bothspeak out themselves, andencourage others
to fight social injustice and degradation .of human beings. They
must manifest, by action, the cause of the Christ they claim to
follow.

Upon examining the present situation, we see that, in Albany,
the hierarchy of the Church is ignoring its own responsibilities.
Moreover, the diocese is actively prohibiting an individual from
attempting to fulfill his personal commitment.

prion v.01CntG'PllmEd‘l'5g‘jltm sumac.

 
   
   
     
 
 
  
       

sn’rulur. We, of. students of Stone can” I

I I. responsibility, _, _ V _
on. responsibility, the. offoctn of their united ution'l would to 'v

0' My _ I

    
    

   

. V I - plan  We
- moth “MI! tun ' Mlofﬂllhhldﬂill 

      

f: namely relating new-mic unions to mm undulating ‘

~ to cut-1' They should is concerned with mﬁ' ' 
, v mound“: nu position Ii"!!!  ’ m

. in society. find the

by I urge number-lot.ku who are charged with.
or more benefidial,_|nd the situationh ’
would not have come to fruition;

pent nitration involving. Fr. Bonaventure o‘smn, o.r.u. u u
present a matter between himself and bio ecclesiasticalmuporior

only. This in not the issue here. We recognise indict; however, A

that the- aituetfon we have juot observed given graphic demonstration
of the attitude; and policies of the Diocese of Albany.

A We call upon the Diocese of Albany to guide its members toward
Christ. We ask that it gm witness to its profound beliefs and that
it recognize and act according to its Christian responsibilities. We
urge that it risk any political insecurity that might ensue, and we
express our belief in the. abilities of a directed, faithful community
to overcome thisobstacio.

Moreover, we demand that the Diocese of Albany no longer pre-
vent' or discourage the Christian involvement of man. We desire to
see, at the very leaet,‘a policy promulgated by the hierarchy which
will enable a Christian to fulfill his commitment without negative

, actions being takenby the diocese to prevention.

We fail to see how the diocese could possibly prohibit Christian
action, and we have not heard comment to the effect that the actions
taken were either un-Christlan or against Church doctrine. Conu-'
quently, we must call upon the Bishoptostop this hypocritical moth-'
ad of avoiding responsibility ontbe part of the diocesan hierarchy.

Furthermore, we have already noted that united actionby a large
number of faculty and administration would have prevented the li-
lencing of one man. We suggest that in unity there truly is strength.
We urge the administration and'the faculty, by their actions and ex-
pressed opinions, to take their place as leaders in a Christian aca-
demic community.‘ We ‘urge them to lead us in Christian action. We
suggest that Siena take a more active interest in the community. We
feel that. the ideals of the academic community are such that all in-
VOlved must attempt to relate their education to human advancement
and to God, and we ask that the College authorities create an atmos-
phere in which a student can broaden his outlook to include the
realization of the responsibilities of his position as uneducated
Christian in the world.

, W
o bout-ouch a united exercise of Chi-inlan- ‘
volving one undivided '

eoliutbattboprou-

 

 

 

See the new '66 Chevrolet, Cheveile, Chevy ll, Corvair and Corvette at your Chevrolet dealer's

speed t'ansmission is stand-
ard. ()r you can order a 4-
speed or i’oworglide—aiso
Strain-bucket front seats,
center console and full in-
strumcntation.

Sound like a car you could
' get serious over? ’i‘iiiti., as
you'll see at your dealer's, is
precisely how Chevrolet, cn-
. gineers planned it. Seriously.

W

 

 

 

 

your ArtCarved Diamond Ring comes
to you on Its own precious dhrono.

PROMISE

LOIUS

All slyles shown with thou Itlilo ilironus. charmingly gift boxed

Surrisel

 
    

IRIBUTE

BLOSSOM

from $150 In $I200 backed by lh

guarantee and Permanent Value Plan.

jbqi-jCarveda ‘ A

DREAM DIWOND IQNGS

For iioe iuldui wtlio J if Wuuii d- Suns. Inc PIG E ﬂbth St New York I00l7

Set Dream Diamond Rings city at these Authorized inflated Jewelers

   'VIIlIlI lHE'llt crown
ASP NEEDS PEOPlE

WRITING

TECHNICAL WORK
Inquire at the Newspaper Office

No Experience Necessary

to“.- immnn

   

to do

SOLICIT ADS

 

 

IRIUMPH

on n lllllu thmnu

e wrtlton ArtCnrvod

 

 

Photographers Neededll

Small Income Possible
Exotic Working Conditions

Contact ASP Brubacher Room 5 .

Wednesday or Sunday Night

 

 

 

    
  
 
   

 
 
   
    
    

    
  

     
   
 
 

  
   
 

   

 

    
     
    
 

  

      
     
 

 
 

    
          
   
   

      
     
          
   
   
    
    
  
     
     
   
    
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
       
        
   

WV“. . 2M

 
   
 

i». coca-saw.

       
 

  

 

 

