3:1in v»:

 

 

 

n

mum. r

 

(I


 

 

 

   
    
    
    
 
    

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

It's not a pledge duty. it's just that since the library's open 7 days o week now somebody should try

for or record.

clarification of Policy

In light of several remarks made in
letters to the editors this week, we feel
it necessary to clarify our policy in cer—
tain respects. It is not and has not been
our intention to criticize or ridicule
authority for its own sake.

Iii many respects the authority on this
campus is as liberal and reasonable as
that to be found anywhere. In one impor-
tant area. rules governing student con-
duct, particularly that of women, it is
far behind the standard which should
be expected in a university.

We strongly feel that the role of auth-
ority in a university is to extend the
greatest degree of freedom to the stu-
dents, and then stand ready to provide
advice and guidance to those individuals
who are unable to accept the responsi-
bility which must accompany this free-
dom.

Unfortunately, the policy of the past
which has continued into the present has
been to lay down rigid rules for pre-
scribed conduct, and then to remove
from membership in the university those
who do not conform.

We realize, of course, that some rules
are necessary in order tohave structure
and order in the society. But these rules

should come, as far as possible, from
within the group, in this case the student
body.

Every rule which is imposed from
“above” makes it that much easier to
have a smooth-running well-regulated
society — and that much harder for the
individual to develop the responsibility
which makes such rules unnecessary.

Many changes in attitudes andpolicies
are now underway and are directed
toward this granting of individual free-
dom. However, these'seem to be much
too slow at times 'to be of any conse-
quence or benefit to students who spend
only four years here.

Drastic, hurried, and radical changes
are, of course, unadvisable and usually
harmful, but all too often the people in
the position of makingpolicy go to the
other extreme of being overcautious.

It has been our hope that we could
help to speed up these changes so that
the students who are calling for the
change will be able to benefit from it.

Preparation, evaluation, orientation
are necessary and have their place,
but unless the freedom is concretely
given. no growth can occur.

Change in South lakes Courage

-We are all appalled by the action
taken by Governor George Wallace in
quelling the recent demonstrations by
Negroes in Selma, Alabama. The bar—
baric use of state troopers armed with
tear gas. nightsticks, and whips has
surpassed all the South’s previous at-
tempts to prevent Negro demdll'lstrations.

The Negroes began their march peace-
fully but after walking several blocks
they were met by a barricade of troop-
ers who were equipped with gas masks
and had their nightsticks ready to crush
the marchers.

The troopers ordered the marchers
to stop and disband but the Negroes held
fast. The troopers then charged into the
masses pushingthe first line of marchers
to the pavement. As the drive continued,
a cheer went up from the white spec-
tators who were observing the “show.”

When the Negroes began to disband
the mounted troopers drove their horses
into the demonstrators. Again the white
onlookers gave out with a cheer.

Suddenly a shot was fired and a bar-
rage of tear gas began to dominate the
scene. But before the gas could totally
obliterate the strife. the nightsticks were
seen flailing at the heads of the marchers.

This scene has become all too common
in a country whose basic tenets include
the freedom to voice a protest. Many
cries have sounded deploring this bar-
barism in the South.

Some of these cries have aroused a
group of Southern whites in Alabama
who have formed the Concerned White
Citizens Council.

This group staged a demonstration
protesting the brutal treatment of Ne-
groes. One of the leaders stated that
“we have waited for changes and im—
provements but nothing changes and
nothing improves. I have felt it was
time to show that a group of demon-
strators can have a face other than
that of a Negro.”

This movement is only a beginning
but it expresses the sentiment of many
white Southerners who are sick of read—
ing about the savage treatment of No-
groes in their homeland. When enough of
these people gain the courage to speak
out against the manner in which Negro
demonstrators are treated, these bru—
talities which we have witnessed In the
South will vanish forever.

     

changing times no linguist-

lcslly reflected at Maplewood Bis-j,

menial-y. School in Colonic (also
Waist-yum High School, and Albany
Evening High School) where Ronald
Bustinteacnes the Russlsniangusgo
to twenty-three fourth grade pupils.

liars’ may be found the only ole-

émonlary school in the nation where

pupils study Russian at such a
tender age. I

Bustin is a 1964 graduate of Al-
bany Slate and Is currently taking

grad courses here.

Realistic Touching
Mr. Bustin believes in teaching
"realistically." To prove it, his
classroom is packed with journals
of unusual symbols and illustra-
tions straight from Soviet life.
Bustin uses audio-lingual tech-

niques to impart the languge. "We

have no syllabus for this course,"
notes Principal Ruth Chaloux. “We
are playing it by ear."

All told, pupils of five classes
(grades four through eight) are tak-

ing the course as an elective. And

the younger children have displayed
the greatest affinity for it.

' ‘No question about it: The younger
the pupil, the less inhibited,” Bus-
tin explained.

The youngsters sing Christmas
carols in Russian, stage mock meet-
ings on Moscow Streets, and, in
addition to conversing in the foreign
tongue, are becoming more familiar
with Soviet customs, culture and
day-to-day life.

Pen of Heart
“Language is the pen of the

 
   
  

   

(laces

  

hurt. on Mr Biotin, ,
it stlsisntto‘grsduste from
Albany Elite with a B.A'. degree as
a Russlsnzmsior. ; ,

"I iun‘intero'stsd In a youngster's
orsl compulsion," he said in refer-
ence to" the audio-lingual method.
"His reading and Writing can come
later." '

He noted that-a double problem
awaits any teacher of Russian,
“There is always, the hurdle ofpre-
judico ‘to overcome," he said.
"People are traditionally conserva-
tive...l had one parent who refused to
let her child’take'Russian because
"They're all Communists."

Introducing a course in Russian
presents a few simple hurdles also.

Mrs. Chsloux, principal at Maple-
wood since 1951, recalled that a
year ago the Board of Education
discussed a proposal to have a sec-
ond language taught.

French Abandoned

“At one time (in 1956) we taught
French In the lower grades," she
said. “It was a once-a-week affair,
not like this Russian class. We had
to abandon the French program or
else hire a full time teacher for it,
which at the time, the board decided
not to do.”

Last year the board agreed to
a mail survey of parents to see if
they would be interested in asecond
language. Russian was the language
decided upon.

“More than 90 percent of the
parents answered affirmatively,"
Mrs. Chaloux said. “Then We went
to the State Education Department

Committee Set-up that

The recently inaugurated Provisional Council is
confronted with an extremely difficult task; within the
next seven weeks, the Council must set into consti-
tutional form a completely revised structure of student
government, and, at the same time, fulfill all the regu-

lar functions of Senate.

As indicated by its first series of meetings, the
Council’s twenty-six voting members are highly com—
petent individuals who are all motivated by a strong
desire to provide the university with the mostoperativc
structure of student government.

However, from the outset. it has been obvious that
this group is not able to produce its most constructch
work with meetings of the entire body. We strongly ad-
vocate that the Provisional Council, in the immediate
future, reorganize itself into three or four-man com—
mittees that would thoroughly investigate a specific

area of concern.

These committees, each devoted to one particular
task, would be as efficient as the former Finance
Committee of Senate, where the bulk of arguments
and debates were resolvd incommittee. This sytcm
would conserve the already too short amount of linlt'
that the Provisional Council has to work with.

 

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY I9l6
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

 

The Albany Student Press ‘is o semi-weekly newspaper ublished by tho sludcm

body oi the State University oi New York at

any. ho ASP may be vcntlli-d

'by dialing either di'9-648l or iv 2-3326. The ASP Office, located m Rnom ﬁnl
Brubachor Hall, 750 State Street, is open from 7-H p. m. Sunday through Thin-.-

'dcy nights.

EDITH S. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEFER
Co-Edltors-in-Chioi

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Monoging Editor
RAYMOND A. MC CLOAT
Sports Editor

JOSEPH S. SILVERM

News Editor AN
CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Fooiuvs EdlIov
JUDITH M. CONGER

Technical Supervisor
DOUGLAS G. UPHAM
Photography Editor

MONICA M. MC GAUGHEY
Advertising Monogor

JOHN M. HUNTER

Consultant Advertising Monogor
Dusk Editor

Stall .......................... ..

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Fcalulc i .ii' n

EARL G. SCl'iRl'llil ‘3
Allh ill-i n

WILLIAM H. COl mm

Exoculwu I on."

EILEEN L. MANNIN'.
Associate ld-i...

DIANA M. MARI:

Bush"... mun...”

KLAUS SCHNIIII H
Associate Photography Ldllol
SUSAN J. TllUM‘nm

Public Relations Dunn n

lzllcn l‘lliI‘

Joseph Moha , James Bolll , Mlll F H. L' d l'muhun
Lindo Hundoismon, MthB Gillnonin, igovin a “mm, m ”

ogin, Carol Walling, Alltl‘
millirmm. G. P. Minimus, Brenda Mm...

Columnlsls............M. Gilbert Williams, Paul Jonson, Bruce Daniels, J. Roam luv,

Gary l III [uh
Photographers ............ ... ........... ... .......  Wailuv Post, Steven Kllng, Rabml Mrotiuu'
C“"°“""' William swoon

 

all ,colnmunlcolions must be addressed to the Editors and should bu LIU'WL
omen will be withheld on request. Communications should be limited to 300
minds and all! subject to editing. The Albany 5ludoni Puss assunwh "0 'U’l’a‘“
sI liliY for opinions “pressed in Us columns 0! communications. '1' "Ch "‘4
pvonlons do not necessary rollocl its views.

 

 

whoalaz Y-

33:;-

 

RONALD DUSTIN shown here teaching the Russian alphabet

to Colonic grods-schoolovs.

to get their blessing.

She stressed that since Russian
is taught at Watervliet High School,
the Maplewood pupils will have an
opportunity to continue studying it.

"We were fortunate in securing
as a teacher the first Albany State
graduate majoring in Russian," she
said noting that Mr. Bustln, who is
working towards aMaster’s Degree,
conducts five classes between 12
and 3 p.m. each day.

Student Interest

“We try to keep our classroom
like a Soviet classroom,” Mr. Bus-
tin said. "The youngsters have
shown Interest in all phases of
Russian culture, so the course maln-
talns a freshness and vitality. In
fact, I am learning Turkish words
from one boy (in exchange for Rus-
sian words) and Italian from anoth~
er.”

How do the youngsters feel about
the course?

“I am still learning the 361etters
In the Russian alphabet,” said Beth
Jewett, 11, whose grandmother is
Russian. “I plan to take it in high
School  but the new bypass (state
arterial highway) is going through
our house so I don’t know where
we’re moving."

Feelings Shown

Black—eyed Diane Carri, 9, of
Italian background, and William
Kostun, 9, whose ancestors came
from Russia, happily recited 9. Push-
kin poem to demonstrate their feel-
Ings.

Andrew Potts, 13, spoke only
Polish and Ukranlan (which differs
in stress and accent from Russian)
two years ago. Now he’s proficient
in English and getting there in Rus-
sian.

Laureen Zeller, 10, of German
extraction and David Torncello, 10,
said they enjoy writing letters in
Russian, “although it's kind of
hard."

Added David: "I think it would be
useful if you ever meet a Russian
on the street.”

David Cerri, ll, Diane’s brother,
has another angle. "We tell our
secrets in Russian,” he laughed.
Their father, by the way, teaches
English at Waterford-Half Moon
Hiin School.

Editor's Note: The preceding
story was written by Howard
Lewis of the “Knickerbocker
News" and is reprinted from that
newspaper.

Visiting Peace Corpsman
Recalls Costa Ricon Stint

by Debby Friedman

“Costa Rica is unlike
other Latin American
countries; it is a contrast
to the stereotype.” said
John Helwig, a recently
returned Peace Corps Vol-
unteer who has been on the
Albany State campus this
week as part of a recruit-
ing team for the Peace
Corps.

Costa Rica is a developing coun-
try with a strong rural middle
class. The group of twenty-six Peace
Corps Volunteers of which he was
a member was engaged in alleduca-
project. He was in a town of 7,000.
The job he faced was to complement
the reform in the educational sys-
tem that was in progress ill the
country.

Tasks oi Proioci

The task was to bring In North
American methods of education to
replace archaic Costa ltlcan ones.
The project concentrated on Eng-
lisb and Science.

The entire project was set up and
run by the University of Kansas
whose sister school is the Univer—
sity of Costa lllca.

Ilelwlg said that “the students
In Costs ltlcs had been learning
'aboui English,’ not ‘Eliglisll.’ We
worked for conversational ability."

The science teachers that were
in the project found generally un-
qualified teachers und virtually no
laboratories.

llelwlg was there as a teacher to
give an “Indifferent, catalyst ef-
fect," but also to give lllfll‘fl base
and continuity to the school day.

In the free time that he had, he
worked with his students as much

as possible. He assisted with agri-
cultural projecls and spoke to far-
mer's groups.

“I got to know the area and be-
came respected and known there,”
said Helwig. “I was there to live
and work as a school teacher.”

“Next to selling coffee, education
is the most Important thing In Costa
Rica. The government is extremely
concerned and interested In the ed-
ucation of the young people of the
country.”

Every Costa Rican child receives
an elementary school education.
Secondary school education is pos-
sible, but much harder to acquire.
While Helwig was there, the enroll-
ment of his school grew from 600
to 940 due to a desire to go to
school, not just a population ill-
crease.

“I had a great compunctlon to
work with the students and help some
to be able to continue their educa-
tion. I went there to take my edu-
cation and expressions of it and do
something meaningful."

“Now,” said lielwig, "I feel I
have done something and have an
awareness of Latin American ed-
ucational problems and am more
Interested in International educa-
lion."

 

John Holwig

      

To the Editors: ' '

Lop! this letter concerning your editorial on Lower
Brubachor lounge help balloon the subject out ofpro-
portion, lot me declare at the outset that No not feel

.that the situation is among the most important matters .

of the university, nor do I feel any moral outrage, or
even particular interest, In the activities of lower
Brubacher.

I am in favor of sex among the savages - or among '

the undergraduates or anyone else, and I feel that it
is largely their own bilslness, as long as no-one is
hurt and there is no ﬂagrant violation” of law. If the
outlet of love-making can serve as a calming or
soothing element for the rather protracted adolescent
frenzy that so many students seem to be in here, then
I am even more in favor of it.

I do not feel, on the other hand, that the subject is
totally unimportant, either. Most of our students are
genuinely concerned with the prevallingatmosphere of
their school, which in many ways is more like a high
school than a university, and since the activities of
Brubacher lounge conceivably contribute their share
to this atmosphere, they are perhaps worthy, for this
reason, of some conscientious attention.

I am writing to you, however, not because of the
subject itself, but because of the kind of editorial you
wrote regarding it. I believe the editorial to be
similar in many ways to a number of previous edi-
torials, and it Is a matter of chance,or perhaps grow-
ing impatience, that finallyl sat down to send off a
letter on that particular editorial rather than some
previous one.

These editorials constitute a “type,” the similar-
ities being those of attitude, lack of minimal logic,
and a kind of intellectual dishonesty that seems re-
grettable in a university newspaper, one which repre-
sents some degree of inﬂuence over three thousand
students or more.

The style and technique of these editorials have
become a kind of sophomoric cliche, a time-proven
but tired formula of authority-ridicule which un-
doubtedly never fails to evoke glee on the part of
those who, because of unresolved personal and/or
parental problems, still enjoy rebellion for the sake
of rebellion.

Unfortunately, because of its constant, lndlscrinl-
inate, almost compulsive use, honest and fearless
criticism, the lifeblood of any institution, is made
less effective.

In your editorial on Brubachel‘ lounge you reduce
the activities there to "hand-holding," while exag-
gerating the concern of those in charge to seemingly
hysterical indignation. This conjured spectacle of
stuffy moral outrage over Innocent band—holding is
quite conducive to ridicule, being patently ludicrous.

It is, however, a misrepresentation, its distortion
being partially minimized by the usual heavy-handed
junior high school sarcasm. It is not uncommon
knowledge that the considerable necking in Brubacller
lounge equals at least the best out of Hollywood.

Tile “moral outrage“ was nothing more than can-
scientous, objective concern that the lounges be al—
lowed to fulfill the considerable need for relaxation
by all students.

Voyeuristic tendencies notwithstanding, it cannot be
denied that highly personal behavior in a public place
dominates attention, whether it be brushing teeth,
changing clothes, urinating, or to a lesser degree,
passionate necking.

At least such behavior serves as an inhibiting
factor for casual usage, such as receiving parents
or friends, reading, or engaging in relaxed conver-
sation. Everyone knows, Including the participants
that Such behavior is difficult to Ignore completely,
and surely there Is a degree of exhibitionism In
those who choose a public rather than a private
place.

To say that there is no private place is a ration-
alization, and I know from experience of my own
undergraduate days that it Is possible to find so-
clusion in more limited living quarters than the
ones here.

Quite frankly, it is not necessary to make such
regulations in many schools, because the undergrad-
uates, possibly being somewhat more mature, do not
choose public lounges to advertise their love affairs.
When excessive bad taste, bad manners, and lack of
consideration of others make rule formulating neces-
sary, it takes a good deal of courage to impose these
rules, since those who do so are always routinely
attacked for prudisllness.

Additionally, those who are inordinately petty use
the opportunity for a personal smear, rather than
a objective examination of facts, which should be
the only concern.

I should like you, the editorial writer, to consider
the following questions: Do you sincerely feel that
behavior in student lounges is of no Importance, as
you seem to imply? Do you really feel that the long-
consldel‘ed decision of Mrs. Hathaway and others
concerned with the welfare of all studentsis worthy of
no more than a few lilies of fatuous slieel'lllg?

i might remind you that when you write an editorial
you are not merely registering a self-gratifying
emotional reaction, you are consciously attempting
to influence others, in this case, over three thousand
others.

I realm; that the student newspaper, like most
university organizations, is I'll“ by a handful of hard—
working people. II is not unnatural to want praise
and recognition for this work. If the work late
represent any truly Valuable fulfillment or satisfac-
tion, though, it might be of some importance to con-
slder the foundation of that praise.

’ appetite Ii s in the area of seriously refractlvsiis

 

' Rebellloilgpg‘alnstssuthority figures is very
in; vo at Albany State. Giving in to the temptation
to write ingrstisting editorials merelyto satisfy this

sponsibllity. .Buinmarlly, perhaps an Introspective‘
self-examination of motives Is in order. I  n'
' ,. William Hudson:
1 \ Assistant Professor of Music
As a postscript let me say that I am not unsym-
pathetic to a possibly over-restrictedsituation which
might help cause undesirable behavior on the,an '
of some students. This is a separate problem, how-
ever, and perhaps a more pertinent editorial might
have been one dealing with the absence of nightly 3
Visiting privileges in dorm rooms and other rattle

stringent regulations. ‘

    

'\

To the Editors:

After speaking with Mr. Hudson about his letter
to this paper concerning the editorial on State's
PDA problem, I would be remiss In not sharing with
you the interesting, if not provocative discussion we
had.

The most interesting reaction was Mr. Hudson’s
surprise at the nonexistence of regular visiting
privileges for women in the men’s dorm. At both
of the ivy league schools be attended, women were
a constant feature in many of the men’s rooms with
none of the sexual bravado which we have already
associated with the lower Bru lounge.

lie, in turn, surprised me with his account of
personal bars In every room at Yale. The ruling
In Waterbury Hall is that no room shall contain any
bottles which contain (or at any time contained!)
alcohol fit for consumption.

Mr. Hudson contended that at schools where
drinking is allowed in the dorm, there are less of
the effects which, we generally associate with drunk-
enness and the inability of retaining all of that
which one has consumed. -

in the final analysis, then, it is not the problem,
as your editorial seems to state, of “if we can't
do it in Bru lounge, where can we do it," but rather,
if we as rational and mature individuals face the
problem and wipe the silly grins off our faces, can
we make our behavior fit the norm of our peers?
I submit that If we are to be entrusted with the
education of adolescents, we have no choice.

So far this soap-box oratory has merely done
what most statements of disagreement in school
policy have done; namely, posed a problem about
which nothing will be done. But 1 submit that when
the administration giosed down PDA in Bru, they
set the precedent which shows their concern is.
as great as ours, however far apart our two ideas
may diverge.

But what I propose, on a trial basis,»ls the same
measures which now work effectively in the schools
which Mr. Hudson attended. I see no reason why
co-ed students should not be allowed in the dorms
and in individual rooms with certain specific time
limitations, most likely to coincide with women’s
hours. I furthermore would like the privilege of
consuming alcoholic beverages in all rooms in the
men’s dorms.

Three points must be made in order that some
misunderstandings will not arise. Both Mr. Hudson
and I agreed that, to begin with, tilts privilege will
be abused. I submit that those few individuals who
abuse that privilege are the same ones who defy the
stale drinking age and various laws of Moses.

I believe that the vast majority of students would
profit by the privilege and would not abuse it. A
second point which Mr. Hudson feels has a bearing
on the actions of the students in the lounge and there-
fore would Ilave tile salne effect in the rooms Is the
rebellion theory of the middle class.

Not being a sociology major, I feel I couldn’t do
the theory justice, but it briefly interprets the pre-
occupation of some students with drinking and sex
as a rebellion against authority, first ill the person
of their parents, and later transferred to the school.

I submit, however, that if a student wants to be-
come a good member of society when he leaves
Stale, be will somewhere along the way leave belllnd
his socio-ccunumlc repressions and regressions or
he will find society rebelling against him. And finally,
a point which may sound silly and naive to lllcsl, but
one which will, I am sure, be borne out by those who
are now ill the teaching profession. I submit that as a
teacher a person will not be able to cope with the
problems of tile youths Ill Ills charge If Ile has been
sheltered from the some problems himself.

Moreover, a person who Is not allowed a certain
amount of maturity and has not developed the insight
Into problems which he has faced will never be able
to help others when they come to him with tile same
problems.

Isn't Illis the true sign of adulthood? So must we

wait until we leave school before we are allowed to

reach it? .
Henry E. Muslin

 

 

 

t i. l
l.

i

 

 

 

 

