   
 
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
     
   

 

 

ﬁgs '23»

 a-..“   

 

" ' live himdred college students to work"

' Residence. Halls open for upper-.

mately one usand do" a

thaveto be'ralpedramong students
MMWIOSMOMS.’ : , I

As‘ well as'mon'ey, SCOPE needs

- workers. Several committees were
formed at the meeting to carry out

the work that must be done before

the sumg‘ge’lop Awareness

The Recruitment Committee is
responsible for developing aware-
ness and commitment among stu-
dents aszwell as getting interested
people ,to tile. applications with the

” ‘r _ . ..
on(SCOPE) Protect
 meeting Man‘-
I!“ 3“!»
:-
um
order to recruit at least .

 

Soother _
ference”

  

 

for ten weeks this summer in eighty-
one southern’counties. ‘ ‘
The Albany State group plans to.
' it support manor more stu-
" ' ﬂu vein-pose. approxi-

    

 

.:Dr.’   9' “full”: The Calender emphasizes that on:
MM". 1!“ mad "‘9 ‘5' 3 Memorial Day, classes will be held.

 

   

 

Academic calendar, which will in-
clude forty-two vacation days. The
year begins September 12, when the‘,

classmen. ,

Classes begin .Thursday, Septem-
ber 16, after three days of regis-
tration. Two months of classes are
followed by the usual Thanksgiving
recess from Wednesday, November
24 to Monday, November 29.

However, Winter Recess has been
shortened to eleven days, from De-
cember 23 to January 3, allowing a
week for recovery before final ex-
ams, which start January 8.

The shortened Winter Recess will
permit a lengthy semester break
of two weeks during which the Aca-
demic facilities will be moved to

l

the New Campus.

On February 6, residence halls
open for the spring semester, and
classes begin Thursday, February
a. The only vacation of thissemes-
ter will begin on April 1 and and
April 13.

Golden Eye Panel ,
To Discuss Poverty

The Golden Eye will focus on
“Poverty in Albany” tonight as a
four member panel will discuss the
probl'em and explore what is being
done to alleviate the situation.

The panel will be highlighted by
three men who have dealt with A1-
bany’s dilemma. John Haith, field
representative for the State Office
of Economic Activity, Richard Col-
lins, executive director of the Trin-
ity institution, and Robert Hayes,
Director of the State University of
New York Project of Disadvantaged
Youth, will compose the inquiry.

The program will be moderated
by Charles Feder, a member of
Freedom Council which is spon-

Two days later, classes will end
for the semester and students will
have a,day off to study for the ex-
ams of the following day. On June
13 all the finals will be over.

The presesslon of Summer school
runs from June 20 to July 1; the
eight week undergraduate course
from June 27 to August 20, and the
six week Graduate Session extends
from July 5 to August 12.

Forum llisousses
Population Ihse

A panel discussion about the. pop-
ulation explosion by Forum of Pol-
itics under the "Great Decisions”
program was held Wednesday night
in Brubacher Hall. Dr. Standing and
Dr, Kuan-l Chen, members of the
social studies department, and Mrs.
Catharine Campbell, a member of
the Albany Chapter of Planned Par-
enthood Association, discussed the
various factors concerning the pop-
ulation boom.

Sociologists, according to Dr.
Standing, are interested in the pop-
ulation increase because the re-
lationship of people in the society
depends upon the number, distribu-
tion, and composition of the people.

Mrs. Campbell, who has studied
the populated problem for Planned
Parenthood in South East Asia, said
the aim of the associationisto bring
about responsible parenthood. She
said this can be accomplished by
smaller families which can obtain
the optimum of family health —both
physical and psychological.

The relationship between eco-
nomic and population growth was
discussed by Dr. Chen. Pro-indus-
trial countries have an equalized
birth and death'rate, while 'semi-
industrinlized countries have a high

 

, Brian Sull
van «1457-77 I r w - . ~ I
- The Screening Committee,headed ‘
by‘Mr. John Reilly, will be respon-‘
sible for accepting or rejecting ap-

~ plicants, on the basis of character
and motivation. ' - < I

The Fund Raising and Publicity
Committees will be directed by Ed
Silver, IV 9-5483, and Bill Gross,
student mail, respectively. Writers,

Ce-ordlnotlon v.
The Inter-college Co-ordineting
Committeelwill try to reach other
local colleges to co-ordinate ac-
tivities with them. Norman Early

‘will head this committee.

in addition to the various com-
mittee chairmen, SCOPE selected
its officers. These people will co-
ordinate the various activities of
SCOPE and assume responsibility
for both .its financial success in
Albany and its success in the South
this summer.

They-'are urairman, Jenny Frey-
one; Executive Director, Bill Leue;
Program Director, Ken Fuchsman;
Secretary, Sue Boyd; and Treasurer
Kathy Cardts.

Once the workers are in the
South, they will work to register
voters, working through local Par-
ent Teacher Associations, Church,
Youth, and Business Groups. Work-
ers will also conduct night classes
in political education.

Counseling Service

Crrculates Books

The CounselingService, in Draper
304 has new books on CAREERS
available for réading in the office
or for borrowing overnight or over
a weekend, in the following areas:

Advertising, Art, Business Man-
agement, Electronic Computer
Field, Federal Government, For-
eign Service, Forestry, Hotel Man-
agement, Interior Design, Personnel
Administration, Personnel Work,
Public Relations, Research in the
Sciences, Social Work, Television,
The Fashion World, Writing.

Other materials in pamphlet form
on a variet of topics may be used

LEE Liss coercion"

I'm}
“Once Upon a Mottreu.". She will

the Revue produétion this spring.

   
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
    
   
    

 

 eript"during a rehearsal oi
Ire directing “Yankee” Ior

SII, Item Completes. 'YIIIIIM (who?
Positions Sill  lor Tedllltd Crew

The State University Revue Com-
mittee has completed casting for its
production of “Damn Yankees."

In the main roles of Joe, Lola,
and Applegate are Ron Greeney,
Helene Geduld, and Skip Schreiber.

The supporting cast includes
Richard Soltero, Joe Boyd, Pat Fa-
sano as Meg Boyd,Diane Somerville
as Sister, Peggy-Jo Llaveria as
Doris, Art Putnam as Henry.

Also, Ed Duba as Sohovik, Bill
Morgan as Rock, Stu Horn as Van
Buren, Victoria Francis as Gloria
Thorpe, Howard Selbst as Welch,
Don Daubrey as Smokey.

In addition, Maureen Pearson as
Miss Weston, John Fotia as Eddie,
Jerry Oliver as Mickey and the

postman, and A1 Alberts as-Bouley,
Lowe and the Commissioner and
Tony Biasen as Linvolie.

The chorus of lamenting wives
and baseball fans includes liise
Wolman, Kay Manchester, Judith
Friedman, Carol Rosenthal, Cath-
erine Wardach, Jill Nordell, Karen
Comeaux, and Dona Jay Epting.

Applegate’s apprentices include
Nancy Lopp, Barbara Goldenhui'g,
Barbara Lesane, and Carla Jane
Smith.

Although casting is iinished,‘thern
still are many positions on the stall
and technical crew.

Persons interested in any position
with the Revue should contact Lev
Liss, director, at 482-4244.

 

Write: Dept. C P

 

INTERNATIONAL STUDENT ID CARD
tor discounts In USA
and 28 countries
STUDENT SHIPS
to Europe
CHARTER FLIGHTS

within Europe

U. 5. National Student Association
265 Modlaon Ave” New York, N.Y. 10016

 

mm

The 'lIllIVEItSITY rune

 

 

sorority rushing came
,to an end last week with
formal dinners and initia-
tions at each sorority. Over
180 women became sisters
in traditional ceremonies
highlightedby the induc-
tion pledge.

Kappa Delta

. Pledging kappa Delta are the fol- V

lowing: Karen Hill, Linda Beblo,

Anniiee Herman, Lenore Hirsch,
Ginny Beatty, Ann Schultz, Gail
Roberts, Nikki Veriotte, Liz Winter,
June McGrath, and Pam Rourke.

Also, Chris Mooney,Sharon Hart-
wig, Darlene Olson, Sue Budd, Barb
Bender, Mary Simeone, Sue Schech-
ter, Sandy Schechner, Diane Graber,
Ronnie Ban Zuttehen, Georgina Bo-
biarz, Edie Osgood, lda Tuzzeo,
and Mickey Cincotta.

Psi Comma

Psi Gamma is pledging the fol-
lowing glrlse'Linda Archer, Mar-
garet Tarrol, Judith Conklin, Kathy
Cullerton, Margaret Diety, Mary
Jane Elice, Evelyn Gillan, Ellen
Groschadi, Pat Haines, Mary Homi-
shriefs, Phyliss Klein, and Sheila
Predmone.

Also, Maureen Reed, Lynn Shein-
man, Madeline Schnabel, Ruth Set-
by, Shirley Sherbune, Ann Tenbrook,
Lenore Tyler, Loraine Hales, Donna
Giliard, Sue Price, Sheryl Syrnuld,
Elaine Houghton, Karen Nielson,and
Gail Van Ravensway.

Chi Sigma Theta

Chi Sigma Theta is pledging the
following: Pam Barclay, Lois
Busher, Irene Dorfman, Billi Eas-
ton, Lee Finkle, Rosemary Gadziala,
Diane Heilbrunn, Marylou Hoffman,
Carol Holt, Judy Jordan, Marcia
Levine, JoAnn Lynott, Judith Mills,
and Carol Natale.

Also, lieidi Norton, Susan Ohrin-
ger, Barbara Pedersen, Annette
Paiadino, Ellen Sennewald, Anita
Schantz, Grace Summa, Patti Swit-
zer, Kathleen Tanner, Rosemarie
Vairo, Patricia Walczak, and Jean
Waldvogel.

Sigma Phi Sigma
Pledging Sigma Phi Sigma are

[neon c...

'l

  
  

    

  
  
 
   
   
   

  
 

m.
«NEE I
' 5n?" .-
.Y

 
 

    
 
 
 

 
 
  

 
  

  
  
   
  
   
   
   

 

 

 
  
 
    
 
  

   

w.

FOLLWG PLED

   

 

   

   

the following: Ann Andrews, Janet
Oronow, Eileen Broot, Sandy Busch,
Sue Chapmick, Sue Driscoll, Ann
Epke, Pam Keyes, Barbara Kush-
ner, Linda Letsky, Sue Meyer, Jer-
relyn Ryan, and Pat Snyder.

comma Kappa Phi

Pledging Gamma Kappa Phi are
the following: sheila Aronosky, Mary
Began, Judy Branick, Judy Califano,
Rosemary DeBonis, Mary Cramm,
Joan Dopp, Pat Hedenger, Ann Harn-
men, Sue Pfreudner, Nancy Lapore,
Fran Linnwood, Sue Linton, Kathy
Keyes, Sue Morris, Stephanie Mais-
ter, Jean Olson, Donald Ostrom,
Janet Pelcher, and Debbie Putnam.

Also, Mary Seymour, Jane Ru-
mery, Judy Reilly, Carol Rosenthal,
Linda Roszel, Barb Ruben, Sharon
Skolky, Emily Shaw, Carla Smith,
Gall Stewart, Donna Thorton, Fran
.Victor, Marsha Wasserman, Janice
Wysocki, and Cindy Whltcomb.

Phi Delta

Phi Delta is pledging the lot-
iowing: Sue Baker, Kathy Elfield,
Merriam Grossner, Carol llotailng,
Kathy Jackson, Carol Jackribowskl,
Cecile Kavanaugh, Stella Kostir,
Agnes Lavendoln, Linda Morris,
Sue Pinkus, Sue Rasmussen, Carol
Recchia, and Ellen Soldin.

GE SERVICES, 1

pair to the Union to sing their songs oncI scream their cheers.

    

sororities traditionally re-

Aiso, Madeline Stein, Ellen Te-
desco, Sara Waitnath, Carol Zang,
Pat Bachan, Cathy Kessery, Donna
Little, Joan Newiand, Shirley Car-
ter, and Jean Gustavson.

Sigma Alpha

Pledging Sigma Alpha are the fol-
lowing: Alice Grandcharnp, Sandy
Devos, Dotty Ross, Lainey Snyder,
Sandy Thomson, Carol Wilson, Mar-
garet Moran, Sandy Dergquist, Pam
Boden, Sue DeBle, Paula Horn, Dotti
Mancusi, Darlene Mecca, Patsy
Moore, Toni Tanga, Lynn Vander-
zee, and Joanne Wahl.

Beta Zeta
The Sisters of Beta Zeta Sorority
proudly announce its new pledges:
Mimi Bowes, Marilyn Casaceli,
Joyce Dempster, Alida Feeney, Lynn
Forst, Grace Fortunato, Linda Hari-
delsman, Linda Havens, Gabby Heun,
Lynn Kandei, Mary Kornorny, and
Marcia Leibowitz.
Also, Colette Lundy, Maggie Mc-
Nish, Sue Pollack, Ann Marie Res-
ta, Flo liiegeihziupt, ‘ Maureen
Schmidt, Marsha Schombloni, Jan
Serapilio, Barb Sukiennik, Cindy
Terry, Alice Urey; Penny Chetko,
Valerie Hull, Bonnie Mason, Cilan-
tal Sironneau, Mary Cnmpo and
Dona Murray.

 

PlNE HILLS CLEANERS I

 

Gerald ’3 Drug Co.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N.Y.
Phone 6-36“)

 

 

 

10% Oil

on Yarn

KNIT II’ TIME

N0 LAY-AWAYS
Present this coupon to

10% Oil

on Yarn

YARN SHOP

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ publications'will hit the atihdsthis

\ Nussbaum, Mike Domkowskl, Ralph

‘ The newest of 't‘ i’Unive'rsity
Tuesday as the recently formed
"Student Science Journal” will be
distributed to the student body.

The journal is' financed by the
science division of the University
and is edited by Barbara Sayer, na

encouraged prospective contribu-
tors to write for the magazine.

The first issue contains only ar-
tlcles by undergraduates but in the
future, the "Journal" will have
articles by graduates as well as
faculty. The editors also hope to

  
 

Adams and Paul Horan.

The idea for publishing the jour-
nal began second semesterpf last
year when students who were con-
cerned with the promotion of science
among the members of the student

sonal research stories in the mag-
azine. I

Miss Sayer stated~4hat "we feel
that the 'Journai' can continue to
serve a vital function as long as

0 : d arti is are needed. . body. \
I typlsts, an s 7 Nancy Bettcher, Mary Ellen Healy, , They stated in the Preface of the Siliimini' 33:6 {38:31:13. (thinly. *
 -, ,, Judy Weiner, Rochelle Wajchman, "Journal" what the purpose or it and ideas." p I“

would be: ,

"The 'Journal' Was conceived with
the intention of stimulating interest
among the student body in the field
of mathematics and science. Al-
though this campus has many ve-

Next year's edition of the “Jour-
nal” will be editedunder the leader-
ship of Ronald Ruiawski.

University College

«nut . i
at this time and aver-“the. summer ‘

have mathematics papers and per-. 1

hicles for literary expression, we
felt that there should also be a pub-
lication devoted solely to the pre-
sentation of scientific and mathe-

matical ideas.

"it’s hoped that the students will
take full advantage of this new med-
ium to further develop and discuss

their scientific interests.”

Heron Provides Impetus

Horan's enthusiasm for such a
publication provided the impetus to
cement the other students together
in publishing the magazine. Soon
after their decision they began work-
ing on ideas of what the journal

woldd entail.

Seeks GradAssistartls.

Several graduate assistantships
~ are available in the University Col-
lege for eligible students. Particu-
larly desirable are candidates with
training in foreign languages and
math-sciences. The positions are
12 month jobs and involve academic
advisement of freshman and sopho-
mores.

Academic advisors areweli com-
pensated, receive free tuition, and
may take no more than ten semester
hours of courses duringa semester.

Those who are interested in ap-
plying for these positions should see
Dr. Maxwell in Draper 20'].

 

 

   
  

Exciting
New
Designs

 

    
   

  
   
  
    
    
  
  

 

  
   
  
  
     
 
   
    
   
    
 

     
   
  
   

r
r

 

 

    

 

 
  

 

 
   
 
 

soring the program. birth rate and a low death rate. V
Th f' ill nsider the vast Highly industrialized countries have ~ ,  ’1’

ramilicstligllls llIat fife Johnson Pov- a low birth rate and a low death 340 Weston. Avenue 2” Western Ave, at Quail . f
j erty Program will have in ellm- rtatf. The main problem tloday ls CLEANING and EXPERT  I

 . i ti th robl m that faces Ai- tia most countries are in t re scc- , "I
.3 Hagan: l:vill :lso discuss other and stage in birth and death rate TAILORING Kmt yom' Mother’s Day and Fathers Day . 
measures being taken to help the ratio but in the third stage in eco- We Call and Deliverw 3 _ o if
poverty stricken in Albany. nomic development. 2131 10% o“ guts now 10% o"  e ep S ake 1 

v onYam Y DIAMOND RINGS 7«

FRIDAY SPECIAI. INSTANT SILENCE GOOD UN“, °" °'"  ‘
' For lnlormaiion mite; JUNE I95) 'l‘r'nu artistry is expressed in the brilliant ‘7,

P T , . l1i.'l') .‘l I' I I: . I: . 'r - =

 s  ‘ $23,332; égdlisf'manoi: 9,3270! Liglldmtiytle—élleg'; “sz Hr; 31p.” - 4 °" 5421;231:1an  llsqilrkrfirlgtllllgilcgrlegf 5 I

l ' _ ‘ — p. . . — .m. . I _. , . .

nn H n h i (IL-eign. reflecting the In” brilliance nnd bcnuiy ~‘
I W e C Files, lettuce & Tomato i altgs I of the center diomond...n perfect gem of ﬂnw- l‘
 I  I  S b . Th's card saves you less clarity. lian color and meticulous modern cut. I I
y 5 l I u marlne The name. Keepsake. in the rin I and on th- ii
     on." at a" sun "mun", on, an“. .‘ “I. ch“. comm, count" T '   Sheraton big is your ilsstll‘nncil of ﬁne qunlilfy and lasting 

 Rings on Io Reveille“ In three utilities , Mon-‘8 h“"- D SH EHRTATON satisfaction. Your very personal Koopankc is ii

 - i 3-D" - ‘00 VI“ "-01- ’ P- m-     '   , awaiting your selection at your in

a: 0164“! garage 710m 1mm L" d l..— MW _ h - Fri -5“,  ‘ “no M Keepsake Iowelcr‘a store. Find ,

For that special person on [hot speclnl ornasnon .— 0‘." "i" L. “in 6., g“. d"... .' ‘us a“ I,“ “LY llllll Ill llli! yellow pngca under

 HANOUETS, .‘lniI SCHOOL PFOMS Slzc’llIcrucrnbcrilurl tiny even more when she recur/v-
? use oncmo coasocernon HAWAII Plleee ore $21.00 smell j

~ EASTER, MOTHER’S DAY.

 
 
 

8 am. - Ia.m. "Jewelers." Prices from $100

to $2500. Rings enlarged to . "

 
   

um noun

  

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The corsaryc, a clnslcr 0! ti cxnnislic orchids, tailored with wire, ribbon bow and cm . - ... . ., , .
sour: pin will be exclliilq to receive and lovely to wear lincxpresslvc gill crlrd rtccorn  h". h. sun' 4 P'm‘  p'm' ' " "  ' " ""9" " Show horn” of detail ml‘mde.
ponies each corsogc - '1'" '7 Here's how to get yours, ' ‘ y - 4‘.
. Regularly $6, the savings is specially priced rit ONLY $4.05 This includes ill I'm". 'Iu 10“ 'md I'd” Tu ’ ' . ' mill‘k registered. l W ‘ .
all shipping costs, and insurance, Delivery ol a hash ORCHID CORSAGE, by the world‘:
largest and most experienced llnn, ls bricked by .1 MONEY - - BACK GUARANTEE, A W." of .9 In" ‘5.“ i. “ulna .n .ﬂ uh" Delivery “HO. ‘0‘ ‘4 “Oh 0“": Shiig‘m"? Sfmd "'9 an application Ior a tree Shornlon ;
e u on! card or room t if] L I
95 , k a, me on,“ ,0, T ENTERPRBES P 0 80,, 3, Plum huh .In mil-bl. who our: «in tum only d 32-" I  o... m. wand, "’ ° “°°”“"’ ‘" S""”“°"S "“ r ______________ _ ____w 2 g
3:?leabzn' I c m y ' ' ' . Stones lo evellila in double leeet or hull — Amethyst. Ruby. Sepphln Mm”, “ow w PM" You" manual “a mum“ I l‘ l
o , "'—“""""'" W "" ““"”‘""—*—~' Please send new 20- no book! i, "H T Pi I
Mamie COM! IN N?! W 0"“! YOUR KING “3 West” A", 5...... _ ___V_.~ “hgmmmw _ m" 570:1??ch fﬁcddlnolfazng "gill lf-Pogc I ,
u co or o e , t _ , '. ’
Address WW ____,_.. .--. .m-—s. _ ~f--~~~v~-  U  A d 'Cny Slnlo 21:: special altar at heai‘ltllul‘gtfgaho elm 5300:?“ l ' l
 . my V V We 21,, i, E 129 “or.” Send to COLLan RELATIONS ornscron, l -‘
, Date of Occasion -m.. Draper Hall 5 Y Sandwiches so-v-ion-P-ru Nor-r. Wllhlnalon. o. c. zoooe } “m” I l‘
x. Immune Adm... . ‘
‘ "'9 0mm" '5~  135 Western .4 Albion N . t . 95 Sheraton Hotels & Motori ~”“ * b ' - l
 no r ' . ""5 -«-«W- I . .  I A,
 ," courage is to he sent to someone other than the above, please fill in ' 0 y  at Roy 8 hwxnnnv; L :‘E'EPSAKE DMMOND MN svucuuf'nvi mo: J  a ‘

 

