by: John :Fleitm

 

1»

«How “ ”

Is the

Siesta? ‘

V - The Ped varsity diamondmen ended their five game
losing stréak last Wednesday with on 11-10 slugfest win
over' niehgboring rival RPI.- The stators brought their

'~ season record to two wins. six losses; the triumph was . . —
the first for thehdiamondmen since an opening game .

 

 

 

 

.MAY 11. 1965

 

 

 

 

our: RUNNER r. at... r; b. i.
"-3 clohlrorlng of theMPetlo.

"ed out one New Haven catcher is poised to do the ioh in last week's

 

Pet; frost Golfers
cluttered by Siena

The State fresh linksmen
were defeated by a power-
ful Siena team, 14 1/2 -
3 1/2, last May 3 in a
home match. The frosh now
sport a 1-1 mark and will
be playing Cobleskill today.

 

A S P
ions 

swoon

 

 

Gregg Robinson, playing ill the
number one slot for Albany, fired a
fine 78 over the 6300 yard, 35-36-
7l par Pinehaven Country Club

Diamondmen

course, but lost medalist honors to
Slena’s Charles Murphy, who shot
a‘74.

The other Ped iinksmen were
Fred Nelson (83), Dave Drucker
(85), Mike Glnevan (86), Bill Pell-
dergast (36), and Carl Reynolds.

The scores of the individual
matchers were Murphy def. Rob-
inson, 4-2; Callahan def. Nelson,
5-3; Klein def. Drucker, 6-5; Son-
dey def. Gihevan, 1 up; Pendergast
def. Zurawel, 2 up; Caimide def.
Reynolds 7-6.

The State frosh dialliondmen
dropped their fifthconsecutive game
last Monday afternoon, bowing to
Coblesklll A&T 10-4. The freshmen
have yet to register a win in five
starts.

The Perl yearlings jumped off to
a quick 2-0 lead in the first inning
on a hit batter, asacrifice grounder,
a single by Joe LReau, and n two-
base error in the Aggie outfield.

Cobleskill scored one run in the
top of the second inning to close the
gap to one run. The big inning for

A RayView of Sports it...

Now that the spring sports season is in full progress.
a close examination of the teams will reveal two pointed
observations: the tennis and golf teams are enjoying
mild success and the baseball teams aren’t. The pre-
ceding statement isn’t as facetious as a first reading
might indicate, for — let’s put it this way — if wins
were words, ours would be HE LP!

The fresh and varsity baseball teams havea composite
record of one win, 10 losses. More revealingly, the two
squads have scoreda totalof36 runs — and allowed 126!
Both teams have completed more than half their sched—
ule, and now they must face the same teams again.
Again, HELP!

The question remains, of course, why? Well 
we’ve attended several games in the last few weeks
and have been trying to fiture it out, and our findings
are not at all clear.

The varsity diamondmen seem to be lacking clutch
hitters. as they have stranded over 50 men on base in
their six outings. It is the "hittingcst team I’ve ever
had” coach Bob Burlingamc stated. yet he is not rc—
ceiving the timely hitting his players showed promise
of producing in pre-rseuson workouts. ’I‘hcrc arc, of
course, several individual disappointments that cvcry
sport has trouble explaining.

The fresh are plagued by a lack of depth that was
clearly evident before the season got underway. Conch
Munsey feels that ho is just beginning to sense the po—
sitions each player is best at, and how he (Munsey) can
best maneuver ihcm to attain the most effectivc lineup.
And then there’s that murderous schedule...

Errant field has been a continuous hundicnp for the
varsity, while the freshmen have been having problems

in keeping enemy batters from knocking the ball out of

sight. Also. barring Speedster “Pop” Pizzillo. both
teams are completely devoid of speed.

We could go on and compile ll longlist of weaknesses
the diamondmen have, but why kick a man when he’s
down? Instead. we'll just let a smile be our umbrella,
and fervently hope for a more successful "back nine.”

 

 

Lose Fifth

the winners was, however, the fourth
frame. They tallied seven tlmes on
three hits, two Ped erros, one walk,
and a hit batsman. ‘

The Staters rallied for a run in
the fourth and another ill the fifth;
but Cobleskili's two tallies in the
fifth iced the game for the visitors.

Ped Joe Gorman kept his hitting
streak alive with a l for 3 effort.
He has hit in every frosh game and
is sporting a .412 average.

It II E
10 7 7
4 3 3

Cobleskill 0 l 0 7 2 0 0
State 2 0 0 1 1 O O
Sossie, Cjakowski (5), Doran (7),
and Rose. Egelston, Best (4), and
Ballin.

Name G AB R ll RBI
Gorman 5 17 4 4
Tarquini 5 19 l
Ballin 5 15 0
LaReau 2 8 2

Ave.
7

4 2
4 1
2 l .2 0

conquest of Quinnipiac. 9-3.

The Peds will play three
consecutive road games.
starting with Potsdam to-
day. Tomorrow they will
travel to Plattsburgh and
next week they will face
New Paltz.

State led off with two runs in
the first inning on a walk to Don
McGurrin and hits by Dick Odor-
izzl and Bill ingino.

McGurrin again scored in the
third frame via a walk, a wild pitch,
and another Ingino hit.

It was; however, a six run fourth
inning that won the game for Al-
bany. The action began with Frank
Kankolenski’s single. Dick Kimball
walked, “Pep” Pizzillo stroked a
single, and an error on a McGurrin
shot scored Kankolenskl and Kim-
ball. .

5"!" . 1"?
. ,. "ﬂies?
STORY OF THE SEASON is

runner in scoring position.

Odorizzi blasted a triple, knock-
ing in Pizzillo and McGurrin. Bill
lnglnov then belted a home run (first
of the year for Albany), putting
State up 8-1. . '

in the fifth frame, Don Mason hit
a double, Kimball cracked a single,
and a squeeze bunt by Pizzlllo
drove in Mason. Don McGurrinagain
hit safely, this time abase-clearing
double. Those were thelasttwo runs
for State, the score now being 11-5.

Sieno’s tallies came in the third
inning (l) the fourth (4), seventh(3),
and eighth (2).

The winning pitcher for State was
Dick Kimball. He hurled 7 and 2/3
innings, giving up eight runs, eight
hits, six walks, and he struck out
four. v
Big batsmen for Slater were
Odorlzzi (2 singles, triple, 2 RBI’s)
and lngino (2 singles, home run,
4 1181's.

ran
cloorl

AMIA, W A Results ~NOTICE~

Meeting with the de-
mands to publish intra—
mural sports results and
WAA sports news. the
sports department of the
ASP will feature weekly
articles on both these func-
tions.

AMIA Softball League ll commis-
sioner Fred Culbert recently an-
nounced the standings for hisleague.
The are as follows:
’l‘eam Won Games
Behind

Lost

Park House
Kappa Beta
The Club
SLS

'l'XO
Extel'nl.
APA
Waterbury
thlnutel's

cco—u—Hu—mw
N_._.._._....~oo

' 1/3 game penalty
"1 game penalty

The penaltle invoked by the
league art- for :r loam falling to fur-
nlsh a scolckccpor and/or umpire
for another League 11 game.

State U.’s Womenslntercolleg‘late
softball team won its opening game of
the season on May 3, topping Cobles-
ktll AdrT 34-27 U” the Milne High
School field.

Linda Walker and June McGrath
shared the pitching chores for the
Sisters. Other members of the team
include Jackie Lent, Marianne ltad-
der, Ann Schultz, Sue Pi‘reunder,
Judy .Cpstanzo, and Barb Lynaugh.

Also, Mary] Pfeifer, Ginny Beatty,
Dottie Mancusi, Jean 'f‘ashjian, Pat
McDowell, and Sue Foote.

Albany’s schedule for the re—
mainder of the year is as follows:
Hudson Valley, May (3, at Castle-
ton; Vermont orl May 1'7,alld atllome

against Olleonta on May 2].

IMPORTANT NOTICE: The Cap-
ital Area Modern Dance Council is
bringing to Linton High School on
1965, the Norman Walker
Dunce Company. The performance

May U,

will commence at 8:30 p.m.
'l‘ll:kci.s are on

student price of $1.50.
transportation.

from

UNDERGRADUAYE'SYUDEN'S

(Menage W Itomplelron olotlearl I veal olcellogo
GIADUA'E STUDENVS and FACULTY M)EMIER$
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . comprising 350 oullllndinl onI. aim. Brother-Slot"
and Cold Carolin. loulod throughout the New Enplond. Mid-
dle Allgnllc Ilofoo and Canada. ,_ V

. . . INVITE YOU! llfOUlllll concerning err-nor employment on flood
Counselors. Group London. Ipeelalllol. General Couoooloro.

Write, Phonr,

or Call in Person

Auoelotlon of Private Comps —- Dept. C

Milt." M. Ale-o

odor. hooullvo Director

‘5 Well 42nd Street. OX 5-16“. New York 36, N. Y.

sulc ill Miss
Maker's office ill Page gym for the
There is a
lllnitod amount of space for free V
'I‘ickcts will be
available on Friday, May 7, (Today)
12:30 - 4 p.m. The show
promises to be an excellent one.

The ASP sports department is
looking for people who 1) are ill-
terested in taking pictures for the
next two weeks of the spring sports
2) photographers who might want
to take pictures for next year’s
ASP 3) writers and reporters for
next year.

If anyone is interested lll filling
any of these needs, please colne
into the ASP office next Monday
through Wednesday nights at any
time.

Especially needed are people to
help out the over-burdened photo-
graphers in the next two weeks.
.___________
SNAPPY BARBER SHOP

We feature
collegiate haircuts

5 minute walk from the
New Campus

“48 Western Avenue

BOB and FRANK

ROY’S
IDEAL FOODS
143 Western Ave.

Assorted
Sandwiches

Shop at Roy’s

 

 

 

 

\
1

«lﬁ‘

, 

Photo by Schnitzcr
BONNIE MASON. TULIP Queen for I965 accept: her crown from

outgoing Queen, Maureen Glashoon. Bonnie, o Sophomore at State,
will)! reign over many of the functions celebrated by the City of
any. .

State Coed Crowned
Tulip Queen for 1965

Beneath an aluminum icicled tree
ill Washington Park Saturday after-
noon, Bonnie Mason, a sophomore
at State, was proclaimed Albany's
1065 Tulip Queen.

Miss Mason’s coronation marked
the high point of the 1965Tullp Fes-
tival. Neil Moylan, narrator, an-
nounced her selection as queen and
Maureen Glasheon, 1964 Tulip Queen
and also astute sophomore, crowned
her.

After being presented with her
crown, robe and sceptre, Erastus
Corning, ll, Mayor of Albany, gave
Miss Mason the key to the city of
Albany.

Elaborate and traditional cere-
monies preceded the coronation of
the new queen.

Saturday morning, women of lil-
bany, dressed in Dutch costumes,
scrubbed the State Street lllll prior

the motorcade of the eleven

_ to
  finllsls to the park.
At the park, the finalists were

entertained with a tumbling act and

l
  a baton twirling and precision
 marching team.
The SCOPE scl'ccningcommittee, M155 M350” “5 a 1“ lie-'1? Oldl‘G-‘il-
headed by Mr. John Itellly, after a dem or Denim" “11d ulsl'aduntc 01
week of conferences, has partially Bethlehem Lemml "-5- 5‘10 is the

completed its selection of students “"rd Tun” ‘9“99“ 1” 511009551011“)
,0 be so”, to the south. come from State and also the third

The six member screening corn-y !” a row Who ‘5 a member “I “M11
nlittee nlci with several students l‘om'
but as yet has only chosen two. MISS M950” “0‘” “981115 1‘ year
Other students who have applied "9‘3" 35 1"“1’ “"90” “Willi; Wlllcll
W“, W remuervlewed am“, they she will appear at numerous events
have completed their application us “ ml""’“9”“‘u"0 "1”": “My 01
“mus. Alban

Bonnie Mason Schnitzr'r
...Reigns as Queen

Othcr finalists lroln Strlic who
Choices were made on me posts will snrvc as members of tho Tulip
of such things as intelligent-n, cx— Court are Margaret Dictz, Dianc
pct‘icllcc,‘ hint'cl'lty, and general Floody, Judy Jordan, Jocoiylanole
charm: .I'. The two wldwcrcchosun Mill‘y Konlol'ny, and Ann 'I'cnln'ook.’
to participate in the project are Ilill .
Leno and Lance Nelson.  Begins

'I‘no maxi step for those volunteer.

is training for the difficult tasksAcceptingApplica’lls “W'm‘m' “‘“m

:‘lllliillllwlll-IL} will perform dunr.b the Appmwimm “y MYSKANM are
0 now available for tlloﬁc students
Among other things there will be who are interested lll serving on
a required reading list of books the Supreme Court oi tho Student
dealing with southern community Association are now uvallublo in
life, southern political, clvil‘ rights the Student Personnel Ofi‘ico,l)ruper
projects, and hon-violent methods. 110 and the Activities Office in llru-
Student field director llill Lone bacllel'.
will, as part of his training, attend The applications lnust be L'Olll-
conferences in New York for county plated and returned to those offices
leaders. by May 14 El 5 fun. There are
Southern Christian Leadership nine posltlons to be filled.
Conference will provide training for All students interested in apply.
all volunteers before they are 55- mg must have at least a 2.5 such.
signed field work. mulativo average.

Hook. Festival Commences to.
Band, Orchestra to Fe

VOL. L11"

The University Music Department will present it: annual Spring Concert on two

evenings of this week. Tonight the
Concert Orchestra will present the
Sousa tonight at 8:30 p.m. in Page Hall. »
The Orchestra, con- .
, ducted by Mr. William Hud-
son. will perform the Bach
“Concerto for D Minor for
Two Violins and Sti‘ingOr-
chestra,” and the First
Movement of. Schubert’s
Symphony No. 8 in B
Minor.”
Featured as soloists for the or-
chestra will be JoAnn Krause and
Louise Myers. They will be en-
gaged in a statement and answer
technique with the orchestra, in the
fashion characterizing the music of
the late Baroque period. ,
Schubert’s work is also known i
as his "unfinished symphony," being

left undone because the composer
felt he could never equal his first
attempts.

Following the Intermission, the
Band will perform “Prairie Over-
ture by Robert Ward, and “The
Second Suite for Band by Gustav
Holst, and Sousa's "George Wash-
ington Bicentennial March."

Featured in the Spring Music
Festival to be held this Thursday
evening, May 13, at 8:30 p.m. in
Page Hall, will be the various Uni-
versity choral ensembles. The
choral groups will be under the di-
rection of Karl A. E. Peterson and
Laurence Farrell, and presented by
the university Music Council.

The Collegiate Singers, :1 mixed
chorus, will be heard ill both parts
of the program. Ill the first portion
they will sing Shaw’s “lr'anfare,”
Bach‘s “Crucifixus” Mendelssohn's
“How Lovely are the Messengers.“

lll the second portion they will
concentrate on lighter selections,
including, the French folk tulle
“Down by the Sparkling Fountain,"
Chopin’s “The Wish," and the Eng-
lish folk song, "OSoldier,Soldlel'."

Women‘s Chorus

Women’s Chorus will be singing
three movements from South Amer—
ican Nocturnes by Joseph (.‘iokcy,
and a lullaby by Jolm Alden Cur-
penler entitled, "The Sleep 'I‘hnt
Fills ill Baby's Eyck."

Statesman, the men's singing

University Concert Band and the University
works of Bach. Ward, Schubert. Holst. and

I’Imlrl by Ull/Hllll

THE UNIVERSITY CONCERT‘Orcheoira, conducted by Mr. Wil-

rtornr 

from Hudson Prepares their program for this evening: performance

They will present works by Bach and Schubert

Council Elections Start Today
Voting in Peristylos, Dorms

Elections will take place today and tomorrow for
popularly elected representatives to Central Council,
and for representatives to Living Affairs Commis-
sion. The elections, originally scheduled to be held
yesterday, were postponed for one day so that nom-
inations could be reopened for an extra day.

Voting will take place conditions attached to its recog-
ut the peristch Desk from nition as an organization on carn-

, pus.
10 “rm-“r? P-m; 0” “0m At that time u was stipulated
days. Voting Will also be that scour; was in no way to por-
hcm in [he reﬁmcncc h. . tray itseli'lu; representing lilo Stnto
. . 'lllh University of New York at Albany.
during the dinner hour on
both nights.

The issue was raised again ill

group on campus, willperi'orm flan-
del-S rrverdu“! Meadows.“ “emlps Students are to Vols for l'cpro-
“Hm,” new, Drums," and two sontntives on the basis of their
English tunes, "Shall I, Wasting ln I’OSI‘IU'WQ 10" “'0 1965450 5"““0'
Despair“ and "Drink To Me Only YUM- COWWW” “WI “I’m'l'm'”
Witll'l'hincEyes,":nldSlmw's“\\’lnlt dweller” r0" “9’” ye” “"9 “'“5
Shall We on Wltll tllc Drunken Sllll- wilted ‘0 0351 "'01" “WW 1" “1°
.3. Porlstylos, even though they may
Tm, Shuewnm, ,.,,,.,.,,,]y M.“ be in the dorms at the present
fill'lllt‘ll at tho Illlcrrolioglato(‘llol‘nl “ml-'-
l.‘(,h”vul 1,, v,,,.”,,,”L Student tax cards will lKil'qull‘UlI
A mm,“ qua-,1,” Unheuudv Wm for voting. Students are asked to
may [[uyduts “Alum,” ,.,,,, 5mm”, indicate their place of residence
op. 74, no. ’l.'l'lllrtilllllrellls('Ulll- ‘0" “m “9"! Wm" “me” “1"” "Mb
posing the cnsvlnblo urn Loumo “own” “I “‘9 “locum”; Wm “‘3
My”.s “m, “Mm”, Lemuum' V1,» mlnonnrcrl at Inaugural cel'olnontos
“Hg; Jun“ MEN,“ “um; um, Cum] to be held ill llrullnchor on Satur-
day, May it). Also announced at that
time will ho the Conllnlsnimll‘ool'n-
Fun”, Chm“ solitatlvcs to. Central Council. The

A combination of the choral oll- C°"""15“l""" W‘“ “0 I'm/"'5' “Wm”
smnmes cu,,,,,,.,ﬁ,,,g “,9 WWW, lzatlonal meetings all this week.
Chorus will conclude tllo program. The “may ""‘Ior "NB" 0’ bum“
“m. w,“ 51,", We Hemmunﬁi Mum noes of Provisional Council's lust
“gum, “Anthem [0,. 59mm" {mm meeting was ll motion to rescind
"Cavnllorla ltusticuna," and llan- “com‘mou 0‘ "'9 SCOPE WW9 9"
days “Coruumm, Auumm'.‘ campus, The motion, although re-
Accunumnyhm “,0 Conesme calving tho approval of u lnajol'lty
51mm.” Wm M Lam.“ Walk“. and of the Council members, failed of
John Spross; Roberto Reinhard for 9‘55"” because u "99"“ a 2/3
the Women’s Chorus; and Nicholas , "m"
Arnyrorr for the Statesman. Unlvor- The "Wm" “"15 mm“ “a” a
shy Concert Band instrumentalists I” d mammal” “"0"”."3
Wm pamcumm' SCOPE's alleged violation of tho

regard to tho SCOPE buttons which
also have SUNYA printed on thorn.

The nine Council members who
supported lllc motion maintained
that this could be construed as
SCOPE representing the Univer-
sity. Other members argued that
since lilo group had been given of-
ficinl recognition, it had lilo right
to publicize itself as SCOPE of the
University. The buttons did no lnoro
than this, they nnrintulllod.

Registration C loses

’l'ho registrar announces that rog-
lstl'ntlon for Full and Sumlllel' ses-
sions, 1005, and Friday, May 14,
at 4 p.m. Undergraduates who have
rlot registered for the Fall solnes-
tor by that date will be considered
withdrawn no of the and of this
smnostor and will have to request
readmission for Full. ,

Those who are in doubt about at-
tondanco at the summer session duo.
to academic difficulties are advised '
to pro-register. 'l'lloro bl noponllliy
for withdrawing from summer
courses.

Students who hove started rout...
trnllon and have not yet hamlet! in
their pockets are urged in denim-
rnodlatoly. .

-l~r<ﬂ~+r'—.—.~t-"rﬁ . .-"

 

.3»... .;,. w 



