 

i
l
i
i
if

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. y:

 

 

They went as to vote in (I new government but
they won't tell us what kind of government or

why we should bote for it.

llew Government

The referendum on the proposed new
Student Association constitution will con—
clude today. The constitution which has
been submitted to the students for ap-
proval is the culmination of much time
and effort by many students and faculty

members.
But this is not the end of

student government; it is rather a be-

ginning on a new horizon.

Each student in this University will
benefit from the new structure of student
government and each has a responsibility
to vote in the referendum — in the af-

f irmative.

With the approval of the new S. A.

constitution will come the

major change in student government this

year. Provisional Council,

elected in March and will serve until th
new government is inaugurated in May,

was the transitional stage.

Now, Central Council, Commissions,
Boards, and a Supreme Court will carry
on the work of student government.

Because this constitution is a cul-
mination of work does not mean it is
the end of concern and action to make

government SUNYA more

enough.

a Reality

concern for

it function.

So we have meetings this time. So who cores

 

and practical. It is the major step in
government as structured by first Sen-
ate, and now Provisional Council.

Provisional Council still has one major
task before it. Once the new constitution
is approved, .
ordinate and bring into existence the new
government structure. This will require
the complete support and cooperation of
all organizations, living area units, and
students as individuals.

It is one thing to have a government
structure on paper and another to make

the Council must help co-

During the initial imple-

mentation of the new government, there

will inevitably be unforeseen problems,

second and

With the

which was

but with cooperation the new govern-
’ ment will operate effectively.

support of the total Uni-

versity community, the new government
will no longer be just “promising,” but
rather one of action — a fulfillment of

the hopes and work of all those who have

The most

meaningful

 

Vice Chairman Protests
Against Passages of Salaries

To the Editors: _

i do not feel that “congratula-
tions" are in order for the rein-
statement of salaries for the heads
of the ASP, the Torch, and WSUA.
This "sanction" of salaries was

 

 

A

 

and, in light of certain facts, can
in no way be construed as estab-
lishing a principle or a precedent
with any firm basis.

it can be seen, if you total the
number of votes itemized in your
lead column on the salary story,
that the quorum of Provisional
Council at the time of “sanction-

helped to make it a reality. ‘

immediate thing is for the

entire student body to give its over—
whelming support and approval to the,
new student government structure by TENEMENT
voting in the affirmative in the current
constitutional referendum.

COMMUNICATIONS

CBI‘I‘ d y e S mmes 0 mar nS‘ quorum was 8. m nmum 0 seven

affirmative votes. Granted that the
measure did receive a majority of
the votes cast, but this majority
was a majority of one.

In addition to this fact, three of
the affirmative votes were cast by
people who could hardly be called
disinterested parties: Mr. Curtl,
Editor of the Torch; Miss llardy,

lni’ W35 twelve. A majority of that listed as a, Co-Eduor on this news-
any Student Press f it,
[s
ESTABLISHED MAY ms "5

BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

t.

The Albany Student Press is o semi-weekly newspaper published by the student body ol the Stole Universlt of New York

at Albany

The ASP may be reached by dialing sit

or 489-648] or IV 2-3326

. Tho ASP olllco, locotod In

oom 5 ol Bru-

bochor Hall, 750 Slate Street, is open lrorn 7-H p.m. Sunday through Thursday nights.

JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
Managing Editor

EARL CI. SCHREIBER
Arts Editor

DOUGLAS 6. UPHAM
Photography Editor

MONICA M. MC CAUGHEY
Advertising Manager
Assistant Arts Editor

EDITH S. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEFER

Co-Ediiors-ln-Clilol
DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Fooruro Editor
WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor
KLAUS SCHNITZER
Associate Photography Editor

DIANA M. MAREK

Business Manager

RAYMOND A. MC CLOAT
Sports Editor

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor

JUDITH M. CONGER
Tochnlcol Soporylsur

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Director

Lorry Epstein

 

 

 

 

 

Dusk Editor ‘ Ellv" Zuni!
Stall.........,.... Mike Foreneil, Lorry Vosllowltz, John Fleltmon, Don Oppodisono, Coral Wollln , Alice Nudulmon, G.P. Mlnimus

Nancy Noldenbouor. urannc Chupo, Cynthlo Goodman
(- I r... Anne Dignoy, Poul Jensen, Bruce Daniels
.nL ' r. Gmy Woodl, Walter Post, Steven Kling, Robert McOdorn
Ca'tnnni-t William Sinnhold

 

All communlcolions must be addressed to the Editors and must be signed. Nornos will be withh ld . .
cations should be limited to 300 words and are subject to editlrrg. The Albany Student Press a3unﬁnlx‘l‘iglsﬁﬁililuilr
opinions expressed In Its columns or communications, as such euprosslons do not necessarily rollect its views.

Deadlines lor advertisements, notices, and communlcotlons ore Sunday night ior the Friday issue, and Thursday night to,
the Tuesday issue.

,.

 

ALBANY'S SOUTH END is a representative sample of slum

areas that the present administration's War on Povory is at-
Here, o typical back yard degenerated

 
  

tempting to clean up.
into neglect.

LIVING BOASTS rotten wood, crowded conditions,

 
 

 

4 1

g,

 

 

and most of oil, the state of non-privacy. Situations like the

above olton load to despair.

paper’s masthead; and Mr. Lynne,
listed as Managing Editor on this
newspaper’s masthead. Who, in his
right mind, would say that these
people would vote against the sal-
ary measure? And who, in his right

mind, could construe the passage

of suéh a measure under these
conditions as binding in the form
of principle or precedent?

Similar balloting conditions ex-
isted when a total of $1,400 was
allocated to the ASP and the Torch
for the purpose of sending four
people to San Francisco to attend
conferences during the comingyear.

in reference to Mr. Curil's“res-
lgnation letter" of April 13, 1965,
I wonder now who went where with
his "mind closed,” and "refused
to look at the long-range benefits
to the University." I wonder also
about his statement that "They (Fl-
nance Committee) opposed issues
because they were not entitled to
receive benefits from these mone-
tary allotments.”

is not the reverse of this an even
greater violation of reason and the
trust placed in elected officials?

Frank Crowley, Vice Chairman
Provisional Council

Calendar for Fine Arts
Attests to Quality Program

To the Editors:

Recently the University Center
Association published a calendar of
Fine Arts events for Spring, 1905.
Maureen Pearson was chairman of
the committee which provided it.

 

j .

As president of the .‘\l'l ( unnril,
I wish to compliment hllhh l'r-msun
and the University Celiir-l' .‘issiu‘id-
tion. The calendar is a so) urn in
the entire student body.

It is, in addition, testinnmi in the
quality and variety of Ulil\ a part of
the entire program sr-hwlnh-d nml
planned by students for lln- benefit

of the academic communiu.
Robert C. Pcicrsol

 
 

  

 

The FreieidomiCouncil-was conceived early in the first .

semester of the 1964-65 school year. Its originators
thought of , it as an uncoptroversial organization which
would strive to make the University community aware
of the Ciin Rights problem which faces domestic
America,_ and [provide direction for those wishing to
become directly involved. However, since its birth,
the Freedom Council has become one of the more
controversial groups on campus.

Criticism" is only one of many problems that the
Freedom Council has faced in the first year of ex-

istence. Among the others, perhaps the most impor-'

tent was the need to find a direction. Once one becomes
involved in the problem, he realizes the vast area that
the term Civil Rights covers. Not only does it involve
politics, and the ~role of the government in preventing
discrimination, but it also concerns the psychological,
sociological. and economic make-up of both the minor-
ity and majority group.

It was not until about three months ago that the
Council hit upon a direction in which to apply its ef-
forts. At that time Miss Judy Wells, a representative
of VISTA (Domestic Peace Corps). visited our cam-
pus and spoke at length about poverty to a small group
of students. Her discussion aroused an increased con-
cern on the part of her listeners, and the Freedom
Council decided to present a complete program con-
cerning poverty.

As the program developed, members began to under—
stand more of the many problems facing people in A1—
bany. The Council has extended its task in this direction
by planning a major project for next year. A social
concerns committee has been set up, its function that

I of contacting and keeping in touch with the many or-

ganizations and individuals working in Albany’s slums.
From its work in these quarters, State’s student
members will be able to participate in many worth-

: while action projects. Another such project is a tu—

torial project to be set up at Clinton Square. Clinton
Square, a neighborhood house, is located in an area
which at present offers no tutorial opportunities.

by Ed Silver

Last fall, a group of Albany State
students decided it was time that
civil rights was formally organized
here at State. They held several or-
ganizational meetings and then ap-
plied for temporary recognition
from Senate.

in February, at one of Senate’s
meetings, they received complete
recognition and an appropriation to
last them through June. In April,
they submitted and received most
of a formal budget for next season.

They have raised some talk and
controversy on campus, and they
have succeeded in adding a few
more student volunteers to Albany's
several social-work organizations.
However, they have not been as
successful in their efforts as they
might have been.

This may be traced to two dis-
tinct sets of difficulties: internal
and external. Outside pressures
have come to me from many chan-
nels. The hesitancy of the adminis-
tl'auun and Senate, based on their

l .

 

fears of recognizing a “faction”
political group not representative
of the university whose funds they
wished to utilize was natural and
to be expected until those fears
were proven unfounded. By now,
however, most reasonable people
have accepted the council for what
it is.

However, the most detrimental
influence on Freedom Council is
the diversity of opinion of the coun-
members themselves, and their“ lack
of ability to either agree on common
goals or after verbal agreement, to
stick to these goals and carry them
through to success. Many members
and potential members have quit
or given up in disgust over the
lack of action and over abundance
of speech which the Council ls
capable of. However, [be main sav-
ing grace is the tendency of the fu-
ture classes at State to be more
liberal, and make from this un-
certain but brave attempt, it worth-
while and confident organization.

   

STREET SCENE—Hall deserted, llnll lived-in. Appliances occupy o prominent position in hunt of

one home. General

neglect is clw'ﬂioriud by despair and flagrant dirt.

 

‘ '. ti ‘. v f .,
THE COMMUNITY GENERAL STORE, surrounded by junk and tenements rather than trees and o white
i

picket fence. Streets remain unpaved and littered, w

le sidewalks in this section are non-existent.

CONTRASTS OF LIVING—Through conscientious ob ectives th t i ll ’ '
seems like these can be corrected and improved. Abl'sve, o strut i: he; szutli Endfb‘vxddlwllh
litter and grime Below, a less urban section in the state of tenement decay. '

Trinity Institute

Trinity institute, located in the
South End district of Albany, offers
a varied program for the under-
privileged families of that area.
Some Stale students are particl-
pating in the tutorial program of-
fered by Trinity.

Students from all the local area
schools may request tutoring
through their own school or through
Trinity. The Institute complies by
providing a tutor and a meeling
place for the lesson. State and many
other area colleges provide tutors
for the program which has met with
success.

Proof of this fact can be shown
on the basis of the transferral of
the program from the institute to
11.8. it], to allow for larger facil-
flies.

’l‘rinlty also offers the neighbor-
hood children antiteen-agersaplace
to go nfler school for all sorts of
activities. There are supervised
programs ranging from folkslnging
to games. Group activities also in-
clude home encononllcs and sewing
instruction.

'l‘rlnlty has been able to function
also as the i'oculpoliit for instigatlng
neighborhood action against slum
conditions, Work projects, petitions,
meetings and vocal protests have
helped Trinity to gain the respect
and confidence of its interested
citizenry.

  

aux-1’

 

ABANDONED AND DESERTED sections remain as o scar lor

the rest of the city section. With scenes like these lor inspirev
tlon, the army of citizens lights its War on Albany Poverty

 

 

 

  

    

