   

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

the death penalty.

in a year.

of justice and its terrible

 

 

   

  

llalIe Haste Slowly

Last week the general concensus
around the campus was that the Asso-

 

 

 

 

 

  

A look at efforts in behalf of State’s new government.

When someone comes up with a sugges-
tion, the inevitable committee is formed
for the purpose of “further study.”

 

 

   

 

 

 

i
i
it clation of Women Students would vote As soon as the idea gets into the grasp
E into being a resomtlon emnding upper“ of the committee it remains there in
,4 class women‘s weekend curfew hours tortured agony for weeks while it is
if to 2 Sum Inswad 0f taking any POSitiVe scrutinized, analyzed, projected,
l; action, the Association tabled the reso- amended, and finally recommended _
 liltion “for further COHSiderathYl-” along with a complete dist of conditions,
, g  The major reason Elven for this PI‘O' stipulations, reservations, and solutions
‘ j 1 crastination was that the AWS wanted to cover every possible situation which
‘ “to formulate 'a proposal that is more hypothetically might arise, if the idea
  than merely an extension of what we were enacted,
 have now, but also one that makes pro— Aws is using this runaround to re-
i, 3 ' ViSionS. as far as P08511916. for the place common logic. It is stalling on
i l 5 ‘ girls Who have Presented some very the premise that any time gained will
,. l reasonable objections to later hours.” be used to “make the proposal lasting
‘ ,l We see no reason for Pr010ng’lng a and progressive, suited to the atmos—
 debate on the extension of hours. All phere of our new university and adapt-
. t t the resolution need state is the fol— able to the unique problems of Albany
  E lowing: “Curfew hours for upper class State." \
 g women on Friday and Saturday nights There is absolutely no point tofurther
r3  will be 2 am.” Any woman not de- discussion or in putting offafinal vote
3 311‘qu later hours is certainly not Pre— on the hours extension resolution. To
vented from coming in earlier- approach anything near progress AWS
The present AWS action is just one needs the courage to at last break the
more of a series in a long history of Great Chain of Delay and vote on the
Univerle general P0110)! — that 18. resolution. We urge the acceptance of
endless debate, delay, procrastination. an extension of the presentheurs.
Pr visional Council Nominations
: It 0is almost certain that after all the operate in future years,
3 votes have been counted today, the pro- merit under which this unlversitv will
4 posal for a provisional student govern- The plan for a decentralized student
.ment will have been approved, If this is government has been worked on for‘the
the case, it is extremely important for Paid; few years. However. it will be the
students to realize that they only have sixteen members of the Provisional
two days to file an application to run Council who will put all these proposals
for the provisional council. into the form of a constitution.
The Provisional Council which wlllbe we urge all Students Who are genumely
, 1. ‘fr b d f th .’ ,’ . concerned with the future of student gov—
 the m m." o y o e m'emm govern' ernment at this university to designate
 Egngnggl :m’te thefpower to set up themselves as candidtes for the Pro-
" ‘ ys em 0 student govern- vmional (.mmm
‘ f Albany Student Press 5? it
’- o
:7 ESTABLISHED MAY 1m ’11
V
f}: BY THE CLASS or mo
:5 ,‘ .
g ‘ Itc.:y?°"i."°:i"t.';".z'uncommonEmits“instills”.t’l'siiir‘ii: is“; sit; isthmus °.‘ Mists:
1 Hell, 50 Stole Street, II open from 7—H pun. Sunday through Thureday nights.
~   EDITH s. NARDv - KAREN E. KEEFER
l Ca-EdlforI-ln-Chlol
. l HAROLD L. LYNNE DEBORAH i. FRIEDMAN RAYMOND A. Mc CLOAT
‘l ' Managing Edltar Fee are d for Sport: Edllar
i : . . EARL G. sCNREIaER JOSEPHS.SILVERMAN WILLIAM H.COLG.AN
[I I . A". Edi." News Editor Execullve Editor
T i I census 5. UPHAM EILEEN L. MANNING CVNTHIA A. WOMAN
l ‘ Holography ﬁdlror Associate Editor}, Auaclore Feature Editor
- KLAus SCHNITZER JUDITH M. CONGER DIANA M. MAREK.
 Auoclole Photography Edltor Technical Supervisor oelneu Manager
div E  “3.339%” Puzllz'AR’ilillbryglgzor Consultant 
 Sorta”.if:3:.............................Jonph Mohoy, Jamel K9.131%" Mlke 2:7,?"qu'li'tzchﬁzzelﬁJlJ'hndf 
M Gilbert “lilo-nu, Poul Jenlen, Bruce Donlell J. Re or Lee, Gory Lunoli
In L W—h- Pool, Steven lng, Robert McOdaro

 

f' .nm'nifi

.... William Slnnhold

 

;
i'
t
l

l f b dd led to the Edlfare end mutt be Ilgned. Nemu will be withheld upon rogue". Communl.
:dll::;n':z:lr‘ld.’b?lllr:l‘l:d 0: 300,201“ and ore euhlecr to editing. The Albany Student Prue ouumu no responsibilipy 'u
opinions elpreued In in column: or communlcgllone, in each "mentor" do no! neon-eerily rellnl its views.

gallows.

' abolish Capital". y  I
came to: a climax last w'eek‘when Assemblyman Ber-
tram podeu. introduced a ,bill'ln the New York State
Legislature to abolish the death sentence for all crimes.

One of the prime, objections in recent years against
abolishing capital punishment has been that there would
be an increase in the homicide rate. But this premise
has been proven wrong in those states that have abolished

punishment; This drive

It has been shown that in these states thehomicide
rate did not increase and. in some states, there has
been a decrease in the number of murders committed

Assemblyman Podell used the George Whitmore case
as his prime motive for introducing the bill. Whitmore
was arrested last May for the murder of two women
and was indicted for the crime. All the evidence was
against him until someone else confessed to the crime.

Assemblyman Podell cited the possible miscarriage

consequences if Whitmore

had been executed. Most important. it would not have
been the first time an innocent man was sent to the

Juries determine a man’s guilt. Since juries are

only human, they are not

infallible. Can we take the

chance every time a man is tried for murder that
some evidence to clear him has not been disclosed?

There is no room for mistakes when dealing with a
human life. It is the responsibility of societyto rehabil-
itate the criminal, not to expediently remove him. Mur—

der in any form, whether

committed by an individual

and termed a crime. or by the state and termed “jus—

tice,” is wrong.

If the State legislators cannot find it in themselves
to abolish the death penalty, then we propose that they

suspend it for five years.

If after that time the homi-

cidal rate increases, then restore the penalty. If it
does not increase, then let New York State join nine
of her sister states in removing this primitive method

of social punishment.

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

 

Locks Seen as Remedy

For Bookstore Thefts

To the Editors:

Today I walked into the Bookstore-
a usual adventure of any State Stu-
dent - to purchase a few items. As
I entered the bookstore I deposited
3 notebooks and one textbook in a
locker. When the lockers were first
installed I had mild apprehension
about leaving valuable in opened

lockers, but after continually finding.

my books upon my return my anxiety
dissipated.

But today, this routine was broken.
i went to pick up my books only to
find my notebooks (here! Of course
I was quite alarmed. Who would want
my $0.05 geographytext?0bviously,
someone bad this desire. After re-
cruiting a few of my friends for a
quick search, I suddenly heard the
Barnes and Noble mancutslde. After
posing the normal question, “Did
anyone sell you 3 Geography Text-
book," much to my surprise,“Yes"
was lllS reply. Fortunately, unlike
the thief, the salesman was honest
and gave me my book, even though
'I had failed to write my name lil-
Iside. I walked away in utter dis-
belief of what had just occurred -
and now alarm has set in.

Foollsbly, I had not put my name
in my text: first lesson to belearned.
But, of paramount importance was
the luccugrulty of the situation: un-
locked lockers combined with the
marked propensity of dummy ill
some students. True, We learn from
history, “IIIoraIily cannot be legis-
lated," but locks can be easily in-
stalled.

Jane L. Marx

Situation in South Vietnam

Demands Student Action

To the Edllorsl

Are you dead? Olllei‘ students
aren'll Other students are very
much alive, and bow aware the
world is of that lactl in London,
Paris, Budapest, Munlcb, Moscow,
Peking, Hanoi, and, yes, in New
York, Chicago, and Washington,
other students are quick to express
'tlielr views on the “United States
aggression" in Viet Nam.

Tliare has even been a demon-
stration in Albany opposing our

policy in Viet Nam and demanding
our withdrawal. No one anywhere
has dared or attempted to demon—
strate their approval and support
of what we're doing there.

Does'this mean that it is we
who are provoking trouble? if has
to mean that. if anyone of any group
of people wanted to show that they
thought we should stand and fight,
they could very easily deIIIoIIslI‘aIc
it in our free society.

What other conclusion can our
friends and allies and Gilellllehlll'ﬂw
except that the American [)llllllt' is
either opposed to our role Ill \‘Iel
Nam or just doesn’t care? Who
dares say that we do belong and
that it is our fight too?

There has been much attention
given to the lack of eIIllIusmsIII
and conviction on campus, but
whether students will cheer at bas—
ketball games seems trivial mIII-
pared to whether they will chIqu—
strate their support of their gov-
ernment in the face of international
opposition.

Here is an opportunity to display
a united support for at least um:
thing. Most students, though, ploli-
ably, will not cure to “become ill-
volved," although they do “sort of
agree." The same old line; ill? some
old attitude. Our enemies depend on
it, and they are rarely disappoimml.

But if there are any who foul
strongly enough about this: to Mill)
in and help us show it. they in I‘ Ill—
vlled to do so. There is ill: (‘llllr
for creative ('3) social ui'tivui’ 4“
do all the work, no seasonal work-
ers to prepare signs and pill-Eli‘lh.

It will take some Initiation and
ambition to display your coIIleIIIpI
for the cowards who say "Get Out!"
and your solid support fur soul
country's actions. No one Will IIu-
tlce if you remain mute and im-
passlve, but maybe someone will
lake notice if you demonstrate (bill
You can form an opinion and [but
you have the guts to declare ll.

Contact Richard Dolly through
student mail if you are willing to,
Plan a halllollsll'ullon in favor of
what we are doing lll Vlel Nam.
Help and cooperation are needed
to Prepare sueh a unique action.
and any faculty member or other
responsible adult who would be will-
lnz to advise and belp alive-Ameri-
can group is invited to punctuate-

Richard A. DcllY

 

_ {An International Folk Dance Fes-
tlval will be held Wednesday at

1:30 in the Philip Livingston Jr.
rngh School, Northern Boulevard,

Albany. The Festival, held for the
benefit of the Teacher's Scholar-
ship fund, is sponsored by the Capl-
lal Zone of the New York State As-
sociation for Health, Physical Edu-
cation and Recreation, Inc.

The program will consist of local
dance groups performing The folk
dancesof almost every ethnic group
in the world. Admission is $2.00
'for adults and $1.00 for students.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Van Curler Music store on State
Street, or at the door.

Participating groups include the
Kees Club Negro Dance group, which
will present Negro Culture dances,
the Helderberg Twirlers of the Al-
bany Square Dance Club, the Hi-
bernians of Troy performing ethnic
Irish Dances, and a group from the
St. Nicholas Church of Watervllet,
which will do native Ukranlan
Dances.

Juliana Siregar, a graduate stu-
dent of SUNYA and of the Albany
International Center, will perform
and Indonesian folk dance, and Char-
lotta Some of Albany will perform
Hawaiian dances. Other performers
tomorrow evening are Judy and Jane
Patterson, and the Albany Latin Re-
view, presenting Scottish and Span-
lsh Dances. Gaelic dances done by
the Hlbsrnlans, Italian dances by
the Sons of Italy and dances of Is-

rael and Greece will complete the
evening.

The money raised will be given
to a local student who is majoring
in Physical Education at a college
in New York. One male and female
student will receive the scholarship.

Two New Teachers

Supplement Stall

ill Philosophy lleot.

As a result of extremely heavy
enrollments in philosophy courses
this semester, the philosophy de-
parlmeut's regular staff is being
supplemented by two additional men.

Dr. Mark Berger, a professor in
the department of education, is
teaching Philosophy 200, Contem—
porary Philosophy. Robert Garvin,
a doctoral candidate at Columbia
University, is teaching two courses:
Philosophy 1, Introduction to Phil-
oscpby, and Philosophy 111, Com-
parative Religion.

Next year, Dr. Erich Nussbaum
of the Mathematics Department, will
teach one or two advanced courses
in philosophy next Spring. Dr. Nuss-
baum's PII.D. from the University
of Virginia is based on a philosophy
major.

The Graduate Faculty recently ap-
proved a Master of Arts program
in philosophy, which will be offered
next September. The senior mem-
bers of the department are also
working out a formal proposal for
a PlI.D. mm

NOTICES

Kappa Delta Epsilon

Kappa Delta Epsilon, the women’s
education honorary, will hold a
meeting tomorrow at 7:15 pm. in
Brubacher Room 3. There will be
a panel of former student teachers
to discuss their shared experiences
on and off campus.

Both members and non—members
are welcome. Tile panel will try to.
answer the questions of future stu—
dent teachers.

R. A. Applications
Resident Assistant applications
for the 1965-66 academic year may
be obtained in the Student Personnel
Office, Draper 110, or from Direc-
tors lll the residence halls.
Applications are due on 01‘ before
March 1. Early applications areen-
couraged.

Trampoline Club

The \chIIeII’s Trampoline Club
will meet tonight and every Tues-
day at 8:30 p.m. lll Page Gym. Be-
ginners are encouraged to attend.
All names must be cleared through
the Medical Office before women
can participate.

Walt’s

Submarines

 

Mon-Thurs.

8 a.m.-l2 pm.
Fri. -Sal. 8 a.m. - la.m.

Sun. 4 pm. - I2 p.m.

 

Work-Study Abroad

Miss lleleu N. Mayo, Advlsor to
Foreign Students, has provided sev—
eral addresses where students may
write for information on work and
study abroad. The III Illel‘ial includes:

“Work, Study, l‘ravel Abrod"
(United States National Student As—
suclatlon, 265 Madison Avenue,New
York, N. Y. 10016, $1)

"Summer Study Abroad” (Insti-
tute of international Education, 809
Untied Nations Plaza, N.Y. 10017)

"Students Abroad" (Council on
Student Travel, 777 United Nations
Plaza, N. Y. 10017 ~ I

. £95
® \ ‘5
ng srlors

Qualify Shoe:
F or

Women,
Men, Children

 

203 Central Ave
and
Stuyvesant Plaza

Open E awnings

 

 

 

l85 North Allen

 

SUMMER EM PlOYMENT
as

DRIVER TRAINING
INSTRUCTOR

Applicants must have taken Driver Education
Course lZl at State University

Port-lime employment also available during
rest of year, before or offer classes

Apply
ABC AUTO DRIVING SCHOOL

Street, Albany
-0853

 

 

 

  
   
   
     
   
   
     
     
 
 

      
     
    
    
   
   
    
    
       
    
 

  

e

FOUR ASPIRING GREEK Thespiens p

IDigney and Rose Koch are the entertainers.

IFG Presents Color Film “mall Magazine
Tonight. ‘Nothing Sacred’

Tonight the lFG will present the
latest in a series of films from
the 1930's. The feature tonight will
be David O. Selznick’s production
of "Nothing Sacred."

Starring Fredric March and Car-
ole Lombard, this social satire
evolves when Marcb,playlnga young
newspaper reporter, wants to do a
feature story about a young girl who
is supposedly dying of radium
poisoning.

March's newspaper wants to bring
the girl to the big city to show her
one last good time before she dies.
She is given the key to the city, and
is held up as a model of courage to
the world. "Mother Earth Salutes
Hazel it‘lagg” reads one display.

Needless to say, our heroine dis-
covers lbat she is not dying at all,
and things take an even worse turn

 

when March discovers that lie is —
of love, that is.

The film is one of the first of
llle social satire type fllms which
ridicule not only conventions of the
day, but the charactess themselves.
It Is also one of 'the first color
films. Show time is 7:30 in D340.

Audience Courtesy

Music Council has announced that
those who attend the Pele Seegel'
concert Friday night will not be
permitted to smoke in Page Hall
at any time during the concert or
intermission.

Also, under the terms 01 See-
gei"s concert, recording deVIces
and cameras will be prohibited.

Those who do not comply with these.

stipulations will be asked to leave
the ball.

 

FOIK rookwAvsm ; usr
JAZZ , RIVERSIDE 
< (IASSICAI 6.2.333?le it?!

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

Draper Hall

135 W eastern Ave.

erlorrn at the ISC Coker. Carole Cosenza, Pal Dibler, An

 

Seeks Contributions

The "Primer", campus literary
magazine, still welcomes creative
efforts from all campus intellec-

tuals. _
New material will be used to fill a
remaining 50 blank pages of"Prim-
er" before deadline.

Those who wish to submit prose or
poetry should mail it to Robert
Judd Dr Bruce Daniels, editors-in-
chief.

The “Primer” will meet 7:30 p.m.
Thursday, February 25 at 154 Wes-
tern Avenue. The purpose of the
meeting is to discuss the revision
and improvement of articles already
submitted, and to encourage people
to band In new material.

 

FOR SALE
I96l Renault
A-I Condition
T9,000 miles
Call 499-4297

   

$5.98 ............$2.99
4.98 Mono 2.49

5.98 Stereo 2.99
5.98 Mono 2.99
6.98 Stereo 3.49

Ext. 129
Albany, N. Y.

 

 

Tel. 438

  

   

    
  
  
 

 
 
 
 
  
  

  
 
 

     
  

      

     

 
   
   
  

   
  
  
   
  
   
      
  
  
   
  
  

   
   
    
   
    
 

  
     
       
    
         
 

