 
   

  
   
 

 

 

 

   

 by Roy McCloet

 

, Peeri
campus‘earller this week, I watched the spectabular
movement cf some. .1300 freshmen letting-their
I. presence" be felt on the ‘SUNYA scene: Included in
 , the formation were approximately. 600 males, re-
portedly 'in‘healthy states of mind and body and
seemingly enjoying being outn'umberedby members
of the opposite sex. A typlal freshman class,
agreed? ‘ " ' <

Now, being of unsound mind and body, what else
 "does, an. ASP (that’s the name (if the newspaper)
:sports‘editor debut wonder how. many of those
scund specimens will, lend themselves to the ause

j of "bettering State athletics. Having already estab-
lished the class as “typical.?’ the answer is an un-
fortunate too few, far too few.” '

Over the past several years Albany has been ex-
periencing a tremendous growth in size, population.
and prestige, all of which has been effected by the
power of SUNYA’s by word — transition. We are in
the process of performing a transition from a State
Teachers College to a State University. Academical-
“' ly and architecturally we are succeeding; athletical-
ly we are not.

 

    

Turnout Smaller

For a good many years now, Albany’s incoming
class has been "biggerand better” than the pre-
ceding one. And yet, of late, the turnout for athletic
teams has been progressively smaller (percentage-
wise). Perhaps increased academic pressure or
apprehensions about intercollegiate competition has
served to dissuade high school athletes from taking
up sports in college. Whatever the reasons, the end
result is always the same for school—poorer and—
poorer teams.

In part the school is to be blamed. Recruiting
restrictions, lack of administration support, poor
facilities, and general hardships on athletes have
all helped to push State athletics into the back seat
of SUNYA’s transitional movement. Oh, granted
we’ve changed our mascot from a penguin to a great
dane. but nominal changes aren’t the kind our athle-
tic system needs.

Hope With Fresh ,
Only the administration can correct the aforemen-
. tioned faults; it could be a long wait. And with most
upperclasstnen well rooted in their college careers.
the great hope of Albany’s athletic program lies in
the incoming Class of 1969.

What the men of the Class of’69 can do is examine
the State sports program, evaluate the sports and
what you can offer them and what they can offer you,
and, finally, decide if you can fit a sport into your
academic schedule. If you have any questions about
time budgeting, or if you wonder about your qualifi-
cations for making a team, just consult with your
gym instructor. He’ll be more than glad to help you.

I can’t imagine any freshman not being proud of
being ‘a member of the class that revived State’s
fine old tradition in athletics. That revival is long
overdue in coming.

 

otter Club uorterboclr Wayne Smith is about to take the snap
Zorn center i: an AMIA lootball game last year. Potter Club had
tar from an easy time winning its tenth straight title, as APA
lorced the Club into a playo t. This year KB, as well as some
independent teams will provide plenty oi competition as the
league gets progressively tougher each season.

2 out Of: my loftyttower abode out on thexnew;

 

 

 

 

Led all season long by Glens Falls' Joe Keating, the State
lrosh harriers rolled to a line 5-3 record. Keuting won seven oi
the eight dual meets the team was in, and he was backed up by
top notch runners Bob Mulvey and Mike Parker. State 5 all-time
great Tom Robinson will coach the trash this year.

 
  

The vorsity booters will be captained by senior Udo Guddot ot Uniondale, L.I., this year, as the

standout Iorword‘will try and get the team in shape tor a September 25 home opener with Quinnipioc.

Also returning will be lost yeor's leading score'r Maurice Tsododo, goelie Anton Saieclror, holtbaclr
DicIr Szymonski, and forward Jay Moore. The team is short on experience. .

 

\

Albany's top two runners, Dennis Tuttle and Tom Robinson,
led the line at runners in a race through Washington Park.
Robinson and Tuttlo both graduated, so the team will be bank-
ing heavily on returnees Bob Flick and Ken Kirik to head an
intense rebuilding program. Keith Munsey is coach.

NOTICE

Frosh soccer coach Bill Schief-
felln has announced that candl-
dates for his team should either
see him ill Page Hall gym or on
the athletic field after 4:00 p.m.~

 

Joe’s Cleaners

795 Madison Avenue
phone 463—4972

SPECIAL
Any 3 items cleaned
tor the price at I

 

 

 

N0 LAY-AWAYS
Present this coupon to

MW: Oil

on Yarn

l0% 0"
on Yorn

KNIT N' TIME YARN SHOP
2l2 Western Ave. at Quail

Knit your Mother's Day and Father’s Day

10% cu Ems "W

on Yarn

1006 Oil
on Yarn

GOOD UNTIL

 

IS 0" Worsted-Reg. 5‘ 39 now Sl,l9 — 4 or.
open daily 10—6 p.m. Wed. 10—9 p.m.

with the
Melony
Difference

WSUA

 

Tony Amara .
Alex Lutmon Frank Apple
AMORE BARBER SHOP
Hours 8 to 6 phone 482—3956 '
848 Madison Ave,

OUR SPECIALTY
RAZOR CUT

Station

ilial 64$

 

Gerald’s Drug Co.

2i? Western Ave. Albany. N.Y.
Phone 6-3610

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
  

 
 

3* -- 'hos‘hstélke? '  

,4 .
s 4

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
  

 

VOL. Li. No.25“

 

  

PRESIDENT COLLINS GREETS fresh

men during the President's Reception hold Friddy Night.

   

  

 

Over 450 freshmen attended the event held in Brubacher Lower Lounge.

  State University Theatre
Schedule for Upcoming Season

‘ . - to be directed by James E. Leon-
Exmbement and \amety ard. Tryouts, held last night and
have become the keynote tonight in Page Hall, will on the
words to describe the up- Rolets,tprlmal‘ilydmalcﬁralﬁgﬁertllf
~ rs sep owar a o - ,

coming State unlversny November 3-6, in Page llall.
Theatre sea-SOIL Flve ma” One of the newest concepts in
jor productions, five guest theatre is being realized underRoss
t- t r noes anda _ Stephen, who will produce John
ar 15 appea a ' p Cheever’s novel “The Wapshot
pro’dmately twelve one-am? Scandal” December 8-11, and again
plays constitute the bill for from the 15-18, ln the Studio Thea-

tre in chamber theatre style.
the 1965-1966 year' Stephen emphasizes that in this

The first major produCno“ Wm fonm of theatre, whichlsessentially
be Stelnbeck's "Of Mice and Men, the staging of narrative fiction, what

JASP to Begin Fund Drive

To Support Foster Child

The Albany Student Press will February until the end of Novem—

continue to sponsor its foster
child from Colombia, Graclala Gar-
cia, for another year. As was done
last year, the ASP will conduct a
drive for fullds to help sponsor
Graclaln.

Since last year, Graclala has
finislled second grade successfully
and will enter third grade in Feb-
ruary. The school year in Colom-
bia runs from the beginning of

S

Graciela is new ten years old and
doing very well in school. She says
in her letters that she is doing well
because she likes to study.

The contributions which the ASP
sends to Graciela arellot ollly money
but also clothes, blankets, and toi-
letries. The money is sent to help
meet Graclula's tuition expenses
for her schooling.

Until she was adopted by the ASP,
Graciala’s parents could not afford
to solid her to school. Mr. Garcia,
Gl‘al-lala's father, is still working
as a carpenter, and be earns $30.00
a month. This barely meets the
cost of the family's necessities of
life.

The contributions of the foster
pul‘ents’ plnn make it possible for
the child to receive an education
and better t'tll‘lllllg‘ﬁ. While Ml'.Gul'-
etc is “Well ng, Grocinln's mother
tends to the chores olhollsekeeplllg.
She, too, is grateful for her daugh-
, lor's foster parents.

. Since adoption by file ASP, Gro-

- clalu has shown great physical
growth. Gl'aciala has grown from
an under-nourished to a healthy
child. Gl'aclxlln’s brother Pedro is
, now married and raising a family
of his own.

'I‘Wo of her other brothers, Miguel
and Carlos are now in high school.
Guillermo, another brother,ls stay-
ing at home, while an older sister,
Socorro, is looking for work as a
secretary. -

 

Graciela Garcia
...ASP Foster Child

 

Announces

is presented is a novel and not a

play. Approximately twenty roles
are available, and will be cast after
tryouts October 5-7 at 7:30 ill Rich-
ardson 290.

Faculty Directed Muscial

Perhapsdhe biggest "first" in
the new season will be the eight
night run of “Stop the World, I
Want To Get Off" March 2-5 and
9-12. The Newley-Bricusse musl-
cal, widely acclaimed for its re-
cent Broadway success, will be
staged by Martin Malm in Page
Hall as the first faculty-directed
musical at State.

Jarka Burlan's staging of “J.B.”
by Archibald MacLolsll ill the Trin-
ity Methodist Church and Dr. Paul
B. Pettit's decision to stage Aris-
tophanes’ "Lyslstrata" outdoors
are major steps away from con-
ventional theatre. The Greek com-
edy, a powerful indictment of war,
will be seen May 11-14; details on
"J.B.” are as yet uncertain.

Trend

The trend toward longer l‘UllS ill
State University Theatre is popu-
larly regarded as an mucosa in
the demand for quality dramatic-5,
and is generally a welcome phe-
nolnellon.

Guest artist productions form an
important part of the year’s per—
forlllances. Beginning with an Octo-
ber 8 performance iii Page iiall
(title as yet unannounced), they in-
clllde the Compass improvisational
’I‘beatl‘e October 0, "The Legends
of St. Nicholas" (a 12th century
church drama) December 13, and
the Triad Dance Company Febru-
dry 18.

Perhaps the most important guest
performance will be Circle in tile
Square's production of Sopllocles'
"Tile Trojan Women“ March 18.
All guest artlsls will perform lll
Page.

Student Directed Plays

Three bills of one-act plays to-
taling approximately twelve dramas
round out the bill. To be soon
December 14-15, March 1-2 and
April 26-27, they are presented as
part of the direction class.

The new season is one abou

(aorltinucdpugo 3}  .

Central Council to Hon
First Meeting Thursday  ' 

Central Council will hold its first meeting of the
year Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in_Brubacher private

. dining room. The main business of the meeting will

be to organize committees to begin writing the final

draft of each commission's
This final work has to
be done before Central
Council can ratify the con-
stitutions and make them
part of the Student Asso-
ciation Constitution.

Richard Thompson, President of
Central Council, said that he hoped
to have these constitutions ratified
by October 15. He said that the two
commission representatives on the
council will actasalnedlum between
their individual commission and the
council in putting the finishing
touches on the constitution.

Thursday Meetings

Thompson said that the council
will meet every Thursday night
until the work ell the constitution
is completed. He said hopefully,
“if the theory behind the govern-
ment works out, the council will
not have to meet every week be-
cause lesser commissions will do
all the work set aside by Senate."

He said that be will try “to
delegate enough authority and re-
sponsibility so that members of
the government do not become bored
with their area of study like what
happened with Senate.”

Thompson lluped that he could
instill in each level of the govern-
ment a desire to initiate activities.
He said “if they are willing the
government will be put on its feel;

if they do not, then the problems
the government will face will be

worse than Senate."
The new Judicial branch of‘the

Mitchell bill to

The Mitchell Trio will
perform in Page Hall this
Saturday at 7:00 and 9: 15
p.m. Tickets are beingsold
in the Peristyles, the dining
areas, atActivities Day and
at the Student Activities
desk in Brubacher.

Mike Kobluk, John Deliver and
Joe Frazier, of the Trio, colnbllle
Urban folk songs and satire to

constitutions.

government composed of a Supreme
Court and several lesser courts
will probably be set up by October 1.

MYSKANIA has been screening
people who applied for the Supreme
Court and will send the list of nom-
inees to Central Council for ratifi-
cation.

The Court will be composed of
four settlers, three juniors and two
sophomores.

When the Supreme Court willtake
power, MYSKANIA will lose all its
judicial power and will remain the
guardians of tradition and the fresh-
men class.

It will also assist and advise any
campus organization that desires its
help and screen nominees for the
Supreme Court.

Tile lesser courts will be set up
by the individual commission areas.

New Members

Late last spring the twelve addi-
tional Central Council members
from the commission areas were
named to the council.

They were Lynn Kurth and Sharon
Toves representing the Commission
for Community Programming, Carol
Zang and Miriam Grossman from
Religious Area Affairs Commission,
Henry Madej and Doug Upham from
Communications Commission,
Lauren Kurz and Bruce Werner
froln Living Area Affairs Commis-
sion and Richard Thompson and
Lillford White from Commission
for Academic Affairs.

Also appointed to tile Council
from the faculty were Dr. Walter
Knotts, Nell Brown, Dr. Ruth
Schmidt, Martlla Egelston and Dr.
John Rosenbacll.

Perform Saturday V. ‘,

musically express themselves ill
terms of contemporary 'feellng and
thought. Tile result being a sound
very distinctive from today's highly
polished "pop" folk music.

The Mitcllell Trio enjoys record-
ing highly controversial songs such
as “The John Birch Society” and
“Slnglll' Our Mind," both have been
banned by the television industry.
Pleas for peace, tolerallce,and good
will shine through many of their.
more serious numbers.

(continued page 3)

 

The Mitchell Trio

._..D‘uring-or_re'ol thelr‘concerts . I I V

  

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

