  
 
  
   

  

  
  

  
   
   
  
   

   
   
  
 

     
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
     
    
  

 

i

   
  
     
   

. , u
? would frighten 1y toam’illthestate,
frosh-‘ba’aeball coach. Keith Munsey
and‘ his squad of hopeful diamond-
mon face a very rough season.
~'I‘here are seven two-year schools
and one phys-ed school on the sched-
ule, including one team (Nassau
Community College) that would give
most four-year teams a-battle.
' Twenty-five candidates are pres-
ently fighting for positions on the
team, fifteen of sixteen of whom will
be kept. This is the largest turnout
’ in a good many years for the fresh.

The team, according to Coach
Munsey, is strong around the key-
stone and has good pitching depth.
He stated that three or four hurlers
have really shown fine promise in
the early workouts.

Due to the poor Albany weather,
the fresh have been practicing in
Page Hall. As a result, the hitting
potential of the squad has yet to be
tested.

Three-fourths of the team have

  

TWO MEMBERS ~0F 'flle SUA Fonciilg team prepare to "foil"

one another in o recent team promo...
S F8   had high school experience, an un-
usually high percentage for State.

nt four MEN Diane Copuiel (4-0), Bev Lee Coach Munsey, as yet, cannot point
mgllllgels'gAtdmlla‘llmgpfllanlnislftational (3-3), Jean D’Amica (2-2), JoAnll to certain individuals as defini'te
foil tournament held at the Schenec- Root (1-3), Nancy Divet (0-4). regulars, and is viewingt tﬂfmwor -
tady YMCA last Sunday, April 14. outs with eagle-eyed wa c nests.
There were 14 teams competing SoItbaII We face” the predicament, is
in the meet, including NorthAdams, Those interested in playing wo- bemoaned, of having one of the
Tri-City, R.P.l., and Bershire area men's intercollegiate softball are finest frosh teams Albany has evgr
clubs. urged to attend a meetingon April 9, produced, and because of the sche :1
Rich Garcia and Dick Dolly were at 1:25 in Page Gym. ule still wind up with apoor record.
eliminated in the first round, going

°'i.‘£“dtilii"ii‘ilﬁh   Gal Hoopsl'ers End Season
anus hem” losmg' mailing 3-3 Before spring vacation, State's A very weary mate team 3831“

and 1-2' I met Skidmore in the last game and
female hoopsters traveled to Cable-

Tum cams,“ 2°,2,T“,‘22‘,,292;§; skill. The frosh, led by Cecile Ru- was thorousglytmt‘linlcsld.17-16-82:-

hiereing Tn : fenceioﬂ {or mm, Rubin's 18 points, defeated Coble- ""01" e ShOWe 3800 shoe nsc -

4 2 2 1 5km 27-15 ing and ball control. Pat McDgytveli,
place' He had scores 0! ' ' ' ' . hat playing in her last games for ate,
a" ' ' u Elf, igpl‘hegﬁfeﬁﬁ 1:021:21” was high scorer in all three games.

The "d" of unis“ I“ the meat g d 1 H in the The season’s totals for the wo-
. Norm tie. Cobleskill score qu c y ' _1 f m _
is as follows. Kurt Gilbert, f m l t men 5 teams were 3 or e V”
ourth session and builta reepo n
Adams» J°° M9551": “‘1'ch and lead Albany ,amed howeve, ,0 slty, 2-2 for the frosh and 4-4 for
Jo}!!! White. Tri-CliY- Wm 'z5_23 ' ' the combined team (at playday’s era;
Tamm sud he was "amazed at Demi Binares was high scorer Cecue Rubi“ W35! 9 59350" 5 E
the team's strong showing" in a with seven points, and me rest of scorer, and Demi Blnares was sec-
to‘m‘mem Where new teams like the scoring was evenly distributed. °nd'
State are usually eliminated in the During vacuum, the women at- Volleyball
first round." ‘ tenqed a sportsday at Skidmore, The All-Star teams from Tuesday
On Saturday, April 3, the team Competing in the day were teams and Thursday VOIIeybaIIIBBEUB'SzgllH
held its annual intra-squad foil com- from Oneo‘nta, st, Lawrence, Colby 3:? agguesday, April 4, at '7. n
“lion 101‘ the Lynn Swearingen College University of Vermont, ' E .
lllleemoriai Award. Here are the re- Plattsbllrg, and Skidmore. Members 0! the TUBSdal’ team
suits: MEN Bob Tamm (6-0), Dick in a very low scoring first game, are Cilllel‘m". FlikumatO.HaFkneSS.
Dolly (5-1, 1-0), Bob LaVallee(5-l, Albany beat Skidmore 12-11. State Hibbl, Rim-ma: and 50'1"]th Mem-
0-1) Len Smith (4-2, 1-0), Charles did a better job on Plattsbul'gll in bers of the Thursday team are Ber-
Lind'emann (4-2, l-O), Jack Wolshe- tlle next game and defeated them gendahl, Farnsworth, Koch, Massat.

geh (1.5), Roch Garcia (0-6). wo- 17-11. SW81": and Whale“-
'

All FILM DEVElOPIIIG

Please leave all films with the cashier

 

 

TYPEWRITERS for RENT
in
BOOK DEPARTMENT

$4.50 per month $11.50 for three months

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE
Draper Hall Est. 129
185 Venom Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

  
 

*“

 

SYMMETRY I FROM Sill

  
    
 

 

 

AT THESE

F l N E
NEW YORK

STORES

Albany, Frank Adams

Albany, Fuhrmon's Inc.

Albany, Stuyvesant Jlrs. Inc.
Stuyvesant Plaza

Amherst, Adam, Meldrum 5. Anderson Co.

Blnghomton, Henry's Jewelry

Bullolo, A.M. 5. A's-Downtown, University

Brewster, Addessi Jlrs.

Bullolo, Sheridan, Thruway 8. Sothgoto Plozos

Choehtowogu, Adam, Meldrurn 8. Anderson Co.

Cohoes, Timpone's Jowoicrs

Cortland, Harry Alpert

Elmira, Dalstor 5. Butler Inc.

Endicott, Henry's Jewelers

Hudson, Alger's Jewelry

Ithaca, Schooioy's

Jamestown, Baldwin Jewelry

Kingston, Schneider's Jewelers, Inc.

Lockport, Scirto's Jewelry Store-

Medina, Lemlnu's Jlry Store

Mlddletown, Serpentlnl Jewelers

Nowburgh,~ Wm. H. CrlIIin Jewelers

Oneontn, Jerry Holbert

Onoonto, R. E. Brigham, Inc.

Owego, Contin Jewelers

Pointed Foot, Molilaon Jlra.

Plattoburgh, Henry’s Jewelers

Poughkoeplle, Wallace's

Rochester, Horshberg's Jewelers

Rochester. W. S. Throne

Schenectady, Wallace'r

Schenectady, Maurice B. Graubnrt 8. Soul

    
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
  
 
 

 

 

Tr

avidSt'y?

‘ZaRatski? -

 

 

 

 

    

 

 
 
 
 
  
  

 
  
  
   

._.

 
 
  
 

‘ .l

   
    
   
  
  

     
    
 
   

 

OVER IIOO STUDENTS and Ioculty turned out for a march on the

Capitol last Monday. For additional pictures and story on the
SUNY budget cut protest, see pages 4-5.

Committee

Approves

New Housing Policy ‘

The“ Committee on Student Housing has recommended
to the Administration that seniors and a limited amount

of juniors be allowed to live off campus next semester.
’ The student-faculty committee made the recommenda-
tion, which will go into effect when approved by Presi-

dent Evan Collins.

Neil Brown, Associate
Dean of Students, has in-
dicated that President Col—
lins will probably approve
the committee’s decision
next week.

The joint committee was formed
earlier in the year and is coni-
posed of Elizabeth Mulvey, Richard
Ten Eyck, Ken Drake, Dr. Marke-
son, Mrs. Eleanor Hathaway, Gary
Penfield, Dean Brown and Miss
Norma Edsel], Associate Dean of
Women.

Survey Conducted

The committee based its recom-
mendation on a survey they con-
dlcted among the freshmen, soph-
omore, and junior classes. The sur-
vey revealed that 78 per cent of
student body applied for On-Campus
housing.

It also sllowed that 353 men and
women wanted to change theirpres-
em residence hall next year. Dean
Brown indicated that because only
a small percentage of students wish
to change residence halls, only these
students will have to draw numbers
for housing assignments next year.

This procedure will probably be-
gin after Easter Recess.

The poll indicated that only a
small number of students wanted
to live in language houses next year
dispelling the possibilities for such
an undertaking.

Greek Housing

All (he fraternities and sororities
will be moving to the New Campus
in September. All groups excoptone,
have sufficient membership to fill
one lounge llllit and, therefore, will
be entitled to exclusive use of that
lounge.

The survey also included a ques-
tion on whether present sophomores
and Juniors would seek housing of!
campus if allowed to do so. Tlle re—
sults showed that 114 and soomeu

  

junior class would seek apartments,
respectively.

led the committee to decide to allow

ments.

Students NotiIled
Students who indicated on the
questionnaire that they would seek
apartments will be notified by the

Housing Office. Tile Housing Office d
will have to okay all apartments. d

In addition, it will post a list of
apartments available to the students
which have already been approved.

SENATE MAJORITY LEADER Joseph Zorotski,
man John Sotrlale, Chairman of the Assembly Ways and Mean!
Committee, also presiding chairman oi all Public
shown during a Public Hearing. At pron time, nothing Iinlio
had been decided on either the tax or the State University Bud-

alld women from the sophomore and got issues.

conciliation of the differences in the

APRIL 9. 1965

Hartley, Thoma .
L is Administration Rakes Chan

Dr. David Hartley, Dean of Students.

ship in the Department

presently the Dean of the University Co
named as yet. The appointments were a
will become effective in July.

Dr. Hartley will work

on the development of

program leading to a Doc-
torate degree in highered-
u c a t i o n administration.
Presently the University
internship

sponsors an
program leading to a Mas
ter’s Degree

“to develop an Ed. D. program 1

higher education as a whole” and
"train administrators of all

n
0

kinds." He also will be involved i
the “development of advisory group
and courses," and in the recruit
ment of qualified candidates for th

program.

Dr. Hartley emphasized that thi

program would be a co-operative
effort of all the State University
units.

Dl'. Hartley has served as Deal

The Provisional Council will meet

tomorrow at 10 a.m. to work on the
final constitutional

preliminary
rafting. Also scheduled on the agen-
a is the final report by Gene Tobey

on the Central Council.

The report will entail the re-

   

      
    

and Assembly.

Hoorio s, are

in student
personnel administration.

Under this program, Which began
in 1963, candidates attend a sum-
mer study program in Albany, spend
the next year in actual student per-
so'nnel work at one of the units of
the State University system, and
return to Albany the following sum-
mer to complete their formal study.

Dr. Hartley pointed out the need

a

David Hartley

n ...Assumes Education Role
degrees from Columbia.

n Albany Grad

5 Dr. Thni'ne, a graduate of Albany

State, has been Dean of the Uni
versity College since it was starte
in July, 1963. Before that he wa
Director of the old School of Fresh

8

S

doctorate from Columbia.

in looking ahead to his new posi-
1 tion, Dr. Thorne remarked, “l con-
of Students here since 1952. He is Sidel‘ the appointment
Dean Brownsaidillattheseresults a graduate of Rutgers University
plus the accessibility of apartments and received his ALA. and Ed.D.

. O

323..$:2$‘“3l:;‘;e'25‘ﬁ'i‘.“ii"§5§f:f Council Meets Tomorrow
0 0

To Receive Final Reports

committee over the functions the
Living Area Commission should
have ill respect to the Council. The
problem has been a hinderancc to
the committee since it first met.

The Central Council committee
is the only committee that has not
given llS final report. Most of the
other committees finished their
work after Spring Recess.

The main reason for this delay
has been over howthe CentralCoun-
cll should relate to the other com-
mission areas in the new govern-
ment. For this reason Ille commit-
iee expanded its membership sothat
it includes Gene Tobey, chairman,
Harold Lynne, Sieve Curtl, Dick
Thompson, Ralph Belslei‘, Gary
Luczak, Frank Crowley, Barbara
Chemelli, Ed Brovaski, Art Johns-
ton, Nancy Baumnnn, Eileen Zang,
David Valle, Dean Morris and Dean
Brown.

Dralt Constitution

The committee has met several
times since Spring Recess trying
to resolve their differences and
hope that by tomorrow they will be
ready to submit their findings to
a committee for drafting a con-
stituiion.

Chairman Joseph Mallaylndicated
that he hopes that after tomorrow’s
meeting a committee could be
formed to begin writingl'oughdrafts
of a constitution for the different
areas.

if this cclnmlilee is formed to—
morrow they will have less lhaniwo
weeks to work on the drafting. After
their work is completed the Pro.
visional Council and student body
will have to vote on their approval
of the new government's constitu-
lions.

    

man Studies, and was Dean of Men
from 1000-62. lie also received ilis

a genuine
opportunity to serve the University
community on a broad scale. A

VOL. LI NO. 13

Take New Posts

human nature.”

Impetus to Dialogue

ductive dialogue.

trust.”

Clifton C. Thorn.
 Dean oi Students

StllPE to Sponsor

Voter Rights Rally
Sunday llernoun

The Summer Community Organ-
izntlon and Political Education
(SCOPE) Project Committee will
conduct a rally in the old quad-
rangle on Sunday, April 11, at 4
p.ni. The officers of SCOPE are
hoping for a large turnout so that
they will be able to explain the
ideas and goals of the organization
to as large a segment of the uni-
verslty community as possible.

During the rally, students who
want to participate in Civil ngllts
work this summer will be able to
sign up with the Recruitment Com-
mittee.

The Fund Raising and Pilblicfty
Committee chairmen will also be
there. Students interested in work-
ing on one of these committees are
especially urged to attend.

The rally should last for about
an hour. There will be speeches,
possibly- by representatives of
Southern Christian loadershlpColl-
fercnce; and entertainment, prob-
ably folk singing.

will leave his post to assume a professor-
of Education. He will be replaced by Dr. Clifton Thorne,
liege. No successor to Dr. Thorne has been
nnounced by President Evan R. Collins, and

dean of students has responsibility
for assisting in the nurture of all
phases of students’ growth, intel-
lectually, socially, and spiritually.

“There is growing evidence that
higher education is placingincreas-
ing emphasis on the student himself.
Colleges and universities are striv-
ing to gain deeper insights into

in regard to the immediate future,
Dr. Thorne slated, “Tile most im-
portant single task which lies ahead
is to give impetus to real dialogue
among the various groups which
comprise the University community.

“With one or two possible ex-
ceptions, i see no reason why stu-
dents should not serve on all fac-
uity-adlnl‘nistrative committees. By
the same token,unless faculty mem-
bers serve on student committees,
there can be no meaningful, pro-

“1 shall consider that the insti-
tution is approaching maturity as
d a university when, as members of
s an academic comlnunlty, we have

built solidly the roundatlon of mutual

  

 

 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
  
 
 

     
  
   

 

 
 
   
   
    

  
  
   
 
  
   
    
   
  
  
   
 

.aau.

  

  
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
    
  
 
 

      
  
  
 
  
    
   
   
 
      
   

    
       
         
          
        
    
        
 
 
 
   

  
  
  
       
        
     
  
      
  
   
   
 
 
   
    
   
  
  
   
   

   
 
    
   
    
 

 
 
  
    
  
  
 

 
  
  
  
  
 
 

  
 
  
 
  

  

      

