 
 
   
  
  
  
 
     
 
   

   

 

 
 
   
 
       

ram;—

 

' face of. it Amendment Number

,.no great harm seems to result.

 

 

, Do you think we'll become on honorary too?
fSl Practices

Although many issues remain and more investi-
’ gation will be needed. it is becoming very clear that
our Faculty Student Association has served and con-
tinues to serve some excellent purposes.

The criticisms raised in the audit report have
raised issues of policy. The Food Service spends
more money for its employees than the state thinks
is necessary. The reason for this is the policy of

employing many students and relatiyely "few full

time workers below the level of the chefs.

On the surface this seems admirable, but we
wonder if it is necessary for each resident of the
balls to subsidize the students who get the kitchen
jobs. There are now many scholarships available.
There are many jobs Financial Aids cannot fill.

We question the wisdom of continuing to depend so
much on student help when it is clear to everyone
that full-time non-student help is less expensiva.
The old reason that jobs were desperately needed
no longer seems to hold water.

The Bookstore was criticized for not making a
large enough profit. Again one of the largest reasons
for this is the number of student employees. We do
not feel that students should be subsidizing such a
large number of students through these jobs, whether
they are distributive education minors or not.

The loan program of the FSA is a program for
which we have nothing butpraise. These interest free
short term loans are available for any worthwhile
reason within 24 hours after the applicationis made.
The amount of money tied up for this program is
immense. ,

We feel that a good deal of investigation may be
required before the voucher procedure of the Athle—
tic Department becomes a convincingly good thing.

We feel that the report has raised some worth-
while issues. We hope it results in the re—thinking
of a great many practices on this campus. We are
glad to hear that students will obtain representation
in the FSA. ~

other Appropriate Names

We would like to second the thoughts expressed
last Friday by our sports editor, Ray McCloat.

We take facetious joy in suggesting some possible
alternatives to the big dumb dog. Perhaps the mon-
goose or the ostrich, the shrew or walrus, or the
giraffe or the worn would make just as dandy-ter-
rific a mascot the un-great Great Dane.

Maybe a killer whale or an egg or platypus or
a’snail. '

    

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY "l6
BY THE CLASS 0" WII

Eight ,‘e’ppea'ring on the ballotthis
Election Day is an innocent. pro-
posal. ,lt would transfer twenty-
eight acres’l'o'f Forest * Preserved
land tothe town of Arietta for ex-
tending the. runways of the Piseco

  
      
  
    

airport in exchange for thirty acres’.I

elsewhere. Thus, two acres are
added 'to‘ the-Forest Preserve and

 

Conservnionists are not disposed
to mount a campaign of opposition
to this amendment of the “forever
wild" clause. ~ ‘ .

Sooner or later, however, the
people of New York are going to
have to establish a policy on the
development of the North Country.
Since as was intended by the found-
ers of the Forest Preserve this
two and a half millionfacre area
is primarily a Water Preserve,
then the interest of the whole of
New York State lies in discour-
aging development, guarding the
headwaters of eleven ‘river .sys-
tems from me pollutants of a
commercial and industrial eco-
nomy, and preserving as much of
the character of'wilderness as can
be. ‘ '

In view of our water crisis,
Article Fourteen, section 1, (to
which this proposal is an amend-
ment) is a far-seeing clause of
the constitution. The more often
we introduce exceptions, the
stronger the vested interest in
commercialism becomes. The
principle involved here is, on a
mlniscule scale. the some that
marked the controversy over
building the Northway through the
Preserve.

Although we must regard this
amendment as of minor conse-
quence, and as conservationists
must be more concerned that the
Pure Waters Amendment Number
One is passed, I must, in con-
sistency oi’ outlook, vote “No”
on Amendment Number Eight and
urge others to do likewise.

Robert Rienow

Professor of Political Science

Editorial Disturbing

To the Editor,

I found your editorial concerning
the "unneeded qualification" of
justices of the Supreme Court of
Student Association most disturb-
ing. I also feel that your rather
illogic use of the inexpensive lux-
ury of hindsight is not, and I hope
could never be, a basis on which
change could be made.

At the time of the writing of
the Student Association Constitu-
tion, prestige definitely was afac-
tor in the 2.5 cumulative average
requirement for justices. But the
requirement connoted and denoted
much more to the writers of that
Constitution than what we are led
to believe by your editorial on the
matter.

Justices of the Supreme Court
must not only know the law, as
enacted by our legislative struc-
tures, but they must also possess
the acumen and ability to inter-
pret and apply the law. Is it not
reasonable, then, to assume that
the nine people vested with this
duty and responsibility should be

 

Thu Aileen Student Proll ll a semi-weekly NeWIpoper .puhlllhad hy the student body of flu: State University at Now
0

York at A bony. The ASP oliice, located in Room 5
Sunday through Thursday nlghtn. Tho ASP may he reached by dialing 434-403].

Btuhochor Hall at 750

State Street, I: open Ironl 7-ll p.1n..

JOSEPH W. OCALU - JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN

o-Ediion-ln-Chiel
KLAUS SCHNITZER
Photography Editor
MONICA M. McGAUGHEY
Advertising Monoglv

LARRY EPSTEIN
Arte Editor

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Spam ditoi

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor
WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

Aullteni Sports Editor

Stall........,........................................Llnlord White, Cynihlu Goodman, Dione Sommuvlllc. Kiuton Hurt-d. Judlih Jawiu,
M. Couch. Sue Chops Margaret Dunlap,

C.
Cunnlngham, Nonc£|Mlldln cum Suaon Sielglr, Barbara Blodgen, Rob-vi Cutty. Bob  

 

 

Auoclote Photography Editorl "my wonder u and rm.

Don n" ‘“

ficient qualification?"

consideration. Two former mem-
bers of the ASP were definitely in

    
  
  
  
 
  
 

  

'3, , ,
chosen with care (as attested to dogs,"

 

no, matter how "for be-

vu‘y the ,l'isorous' procedure .bre- heath us", it may» seam-to the

scribed" by the Constitution)?,And Aspv-spprts ‘boerd,- is no worse
sit notya’lsoilreasohebletoassume chm gnyona else’s degradation
that' such people should have and through the use of a mascot.

hold {cumulative average some-

~ “ _ _ . Other schools, however, have
2"“. “logo an?! f,”f,',',“,',{g,,§‘l‘l,3‘_ boosted their mascot’s image
he mu ' n e y rather than scoffed at it; perhaps
the scoffing could account for the
"I hue mom" queen“ {or your generalization of the title “Great
Done" .to coeds and/or degrees.

vidence and effect during the de- l submitted the entry because i
iberations of Provisional Coun- could not bear the thought of being
ell; Miss Edith Hardy, then co- represented by a penguin, or as.
editor-and Mr. Harold Lynne, peciuly by "peds,” which are
then managing editor. While we what I thought one were without
did tilt, always agree, I marinated stocklnga,
‘ ‘ and thoughts 0 ese Penguins seem to me to be
‘ ' . par-
‘°““°" °°“°““"" '5 I “m 5"" ticularly cum and dull, attributes
Provisional Council would have.
which I, as a transfer last semes-
And I can remember no-instance
ter, had not found applicable to
0! Miss Hardy or Mr. Lynne voic-
SUNYA. Mr. McCloat evidently
lng disapproval concerning the cu- ﬁnds pengums relevant
muletive average requirements of -
Supreme Court Justices, publicly Perhaps they are "applicable to
or privately, as editorially re- our athletic teams (the only game
sponsible members of the ASP or a penguin reminds me of is, un-
as members of Provisional Coun- fortunately, football), applicable
cil. Has the tenure, tone and intent to our area (as this is a predom-
of the ASP changed so drastically inater Catholic city, the area does
in the past six months that their display an unusual amount of
"delusion" is still not respected black and white habit), and ap-
by members of your organization? propriate to our new university
Lastly, I cannot acceptuyour (does Mr. McCloai expect much
equivalency rating of the' Supreme snow this year?)."
Court with Senate. With only a
Of the prerequisites outlined by
V-
cursory kmw'edga Dune newgo the Mascot committee and re-

ernment structure one can read-
ily see that the idisnt, form and “mm by Mr- McCloai. only

originality seems apt: who else
ﬁgposzgmgﬁ Sienwggt, fatal: would use a mascot completely
even remotely connected. And Iunrelated (I hope) to the goals,
would humbly suggest that your aspirations, and image of a uni-
editorial staff make a concerted WSW-
éftort to acquire that cursory Mr. McCloat evidently tilinks
knowledge before proceeding t0 that our athletic teams do not dis-
infllct further editorials on the play evidence; 01' "size, weight,
matter on the student body of this strength, character, courage and
University. stamina.”

     
   

 

  
  

 

Frank Crowley

Parliamentarian, pro tempore
Central Council

UnioersityCrime Wave

To the Editor,

I don't quite know how to treat
the subject that I am writing to
you about. Because I must catch
the 1:00 bus I will make this as
strictly factual as possible. I only
trope that it will be possible to
work this into the ASP.

My name is James Small, and
I live in Room 714 at the Thruway
Motor Inn. The story which I will
be concerned with starts this
morning, Tuesday, October 20.

At 8:00 a.m. I was dressed and
ready for my 8:25 gym class. I
left my attache case in the locker
room. When I returned at 9:30 it
was gone. This struck me very
hard because it contained numer-
ous letters from my italics, love
letters if you prefer, and the four
pictures which I have of her. Im-
mediately I was enraged. I soon

Perhaps they don’t. But are they
small, pudgy, well insulated and
with only vestiges of wings?

i am sure that Cornell winced
with the introduction of a lumber-
ing beer as its mascot. Time,
however, has given the animal its
proverbial place in the proverbial
hearts of “Big Red" (is state,
by the way, referred to as the
"Purple?"

Mr. McCloat does not seem to
realize that “times do change."
I suspect that he is an avid Re-
publican and a member of the
YAF, to say the least.

The choice of a Great Dane as
our school mascot, however, was
only my immediate response to
a distressed situation.

The mascot committee chose
my entry; I am therefore not re-
sponsible for it. Since it was my
entry I evidently do feel that if
is not a bad idea.

But I am willing to accept ano-

“lougmrdeany though wm‘_e'n°; ther mascot, if, as Mr. McCloai
tion, where'would l Ptlll pelts“? claims, the student animosity to-
lmpers Much I Md 5 019" ("m' wards Great Dane is beyond the

vertently) which I had no use for.

Immediately I went aboutlooklng
in the locker room trash cans. I
finally overturned ii and recov-
ered what there was. Much to my
sorrow the four pictures that I
had of her, two of us together and
two of her alone, weren’t there.
This only served to heighten my
hate towards this unknown person.
' then went to the SiudeutAssociu-
tlon office and reported the theft.

Soon it occurred to me that I
hadn't finished my search of the
men's room. I went lllll'k down,
and in each of two other containers
I found nwullot (complete with 1.0.,
social security, and plurios)hldtlcu

help of time or any other pana-
can.

If the mascot committee agrees
'to another contest I will even re-
turn my contest prize money.

My only plea is that the nick-
nnme “pods” and "penguins" be
forever banished from our purple
and gold hearts.

Kathleen A. Earle

Going Steady

To the Editor:
The common practice of "going

mum wnsio papers just us my steady" represents n lmne excuse
letter had loch. Those 1 turned for insecure people to nmnopolizc
in to tho Studeni Association oi- each other's time and constitutes

Malcolm Provost, Richard Kale. Merit

flcc. End story (factual).
I do not know, nor would I have

a real danger to the autonomy of
the individual.

any guess, as to why this unknown
EILEEN MANNING thief chose my attache case, con-
Senior Editor Inlning only personal papers and from seeing others suciuily nstop

DIANA M. DOMKoii/SKI ll “MOI. Ul‘ Why he kolll UN! lllc- that should be reserved my on-
BUI'M" M°"""tureh‘ that he so obviously had to augment. by such isolation ouch
GARY WOODS look at to throw out the letters. party is adopting a policy oisociul

son in his crime wave.

Welter Poet, Gory Woods, Too Moon Lee, Robert Stevenson lll l‘eltll‘ellftii 10 Ray McClout's

Wanner. II Shvliimon, Linda Bregmon, John Spin“, Jonet Hen, Sieve Curtl
I" ' ‘ Anne Digney, Steve Walter, Harry Nucliell, Jim Brainy. Douglas Rothgob'l'ﬂ the Editors:
Photographer
Cuteonlet.

 

All communications mull be oddtlﬂod to the Edliou and should he signed. Namll will be wlihh l
ommunlcotlonb should be limited to 300 wor c and are subject to editing. The Albany Student Frees: 333537.:
("penulbllliy for opinions expressed In its columns or communication. on such onuullonl do not necnuurlly

to act Iii views.

In essence, it confines two people

Velllly singnuncy, limiting onc'soxpcsuro
hope, you can help stop this pcr— to a single person. With such

monopoly, n master-slave rela-

James Sinnlltlonship between_hoy and girl is

often the unhappy consequence.

i have never felt it necessary to
rely on the crutch of going steady

m", pom B‘lllm‘lﬂl 0‘ October 20: Would you and seeking to chain a girl to such

any that Yale has gone to the(bull) a leash. Why must others he so

dogs? 'l‘hui Princeton has a tiger
in its funk? State's “going to the

Wonk ?
llnrry Lee Coyne

 

 

 

 

   

can ,from the standpoint of re- American studies, and Norman
search involved. American de- Lamont, an English graduate of
haters gather files of evidence to Cambridge. with a major in socio-
support whatever their case might logy debated — Resolved: That the
be, while the English rely on American dream has been achieved
reason,personalopinionandeffec- at the expense of the American
tive, forceful delivery. Humor and negm.
gentle sarcasm often liven an The purpose of the debate was
otherwise dry topic.
The topic of Cambridge Debate, the problems involved in the reso-
October 22, was anything but dry. lution. It was more a variety of
Harriet Tucker, an Albany State Opinion that actual debate. The
English major; Christy Davies, Albany debaters had to modify
a Welsh graduate of Cambridge, their style to that of the English,
with a bachelor's degree in eco- lmd the Cambridge debaters had
nomics and sociology; Tom Ward, to rely a little more on actual

printed evidence. The success of
-   o . the date was great, when it is

. considered that the artners m t
(continued [707" Page l) each other only a fewphours befofe
gram offered this year by Music the debate.
Council is balanced, although she As first affirmative, Harriet
said the balance lies within the Tucker explained the situation of
field of classical music. the American Negro in today’s
She stated that there was no need society. She stressed the emascu-
to state specifically in the Coun- lation of the American Negro by
cil's constitution that they mean the present discrimination in many
to provide only classical and 6135- aspects of American life — from
sicai jazz. jobs to education. Miss Tucker
In specific reference to the ap- said don't “do with” the Negro
pearance of Ferrante and Teicher just "let him alone." ’
last year, Miss Flis defended Dr. First negative, Torn Ward
Charles Stokes attempt to obtain stated that the purpose of the.
an all classical program. debate was to discuss the Ameri-
She said that it did not matter can Dream and the Negro’s rela-
that the Council was opposed to tlon to that dream. In the first
Ferrante and Teicher playing all place, the American Dream has
classical music. not been achieved in Ward’s opin-
Suggests Second Group ion. The Negro has made great
Music Council President Carol progress toward that dream. As
Hamann suggested that it would be an example, Ward cited the "Ne-
a very good idea if a second group gro Brain Trust" of Franklin Ro-
were to form to present groups osevelt's administration, and the
from the fields of popular, jazz, Civil Rights Bills of 1957, 1964
mood, folk and legitimate music. and 1965. The Negro has been
Miss Hamann insisted that the "excluded," but not at his ex-
fleld of classical music is much Dense, was the contention of the
more diversified than the other first negative.
fields and should therefore re- Norman Lamont, second affir-
ceive an appropriation equal to mative, pointed out that it is very
that for the other five forms of difficult to say seine one has been
musm excluded, but not at his expense.
Miss Hamann said that it would ills exelusion must ccsi some
mean spending twice the amount personal price. The price Paid by
now being spent; but she thought the American Negro, in Lamont’s
that all types of music should be opinion, is “social retardation."
presented, although not by Music He stated that the American Ne-
cOunch gro has contributed to the social

MD
MG
$5 M

BOOKS

from the

Draper Hall
135 Western Ave.

 

commence, _   _ 
“W “09min American or.

English debate is unlike Ameri- an Albany State major in Latin'

to discuss in modified debate form,

seamen

,

 

EVERYIIIIE REAIJS

State University Bookstore
Albany, N. Y.

_ I g,

growth Of this~country, but has
received none of~the benefits. In
discussing monuments to various
American ideals, such as the Sta-
tue of Liberty, Lamont said "We
British also have statues to our
dead." ‘

Tom Ward in the negative re-

ternal Worker of the United Pres- served asla member of the faculty
byterian Church at the Satya Wat- of the ,v Christian U.‘ and of the
jana Christian University in Sa- Higher~Theological College i'n’Dj-
latiga, Indonesia, will speak on karts, as afield representative of
his experiences in Africa andAsia the Far Eastern Office of the
at the Cave from z:30to4:80today. Division of Foreign Missions of

Dr. Frank L. Cooley. a Frn- in Indonesia since 1956. He has

Dr, Cooley;agraduageoxsprmg- the National Council of Churches

buttal said that the negative sees "91" C0lle¢°r ""39le 3-9-1 M-A- ‘“ "‘9 "'s"' and 's “""g 5°°"°'
the problem as it exists, but that and Ph- D- degrees from Yale, Ha tary of the English language sec.
Amench ,S comng Wm, me ml,” was deported by (he Communists tion of a commission of the Indo-

tfgn. The purpose is to encourage
the; Negro to secure his own posi-

on political charges after waiting ""513" came“ 0‘ ChurPhes'
a year for an exit permit and

Campus Christian Council is

tioh‘ in American society. lfevery spendlng seven week“ 1" “ma” sponsoring. Dr. 'Cooley's visit to

other minority group that immi- mmmemem-

grated to America can advance

Albany. In addition to his dialogue
in the Untied sates on Coolgy in the cave he will be available at

itself, Ward says the Negro can took part m the student Volunteer the Campus Ministry Office, 501

also. In disagreement, Lamont said Movement.

the Negro did notimmlgate, he was
brought.

Office in llraper
to Be iiperated
By Financial lids

The Financial Aids Office has
announced that they will operate a
branch office in Draper llO,every
Wednesday from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00
pm.

Miss Norman, the new Employ-
ment and Loans Officer, states
that there are many Saturday jobs
available, as well as some College
Work—Study positions and various
part-time opportunities through-
out the city.

Students who receive the maxi-
mum Scholar Incentive award and
are consequently eligible for State
University Scholarship must file
separate application for thlslatter
award.

They may do so through Finan-
cial Aids Office, located in the
Air Force Reserve Training Cen-
ter at 80 NorthMain Avenue.These
applications must be filed before
December 1.

Many students who have won Ben
Smith, Van Derzee-Plerce, and
Van Slyke Scholarships have not
yet received their checks. These
checks may be picked up in per-
son from the Financial Aids Office.

E: 129

State Street, during the lunch hour
Dr. Cooley has been stationed today-

. . a»... . wragught'wmlﬁwrw

 

 

   

   
  
 
    

10% on 10% Off
on Yom °" Y.“ Portable
run 'i' an: “east”

New and Used
6 months guarantee
Trade-in accepted

BLUE NOTE SHOP
l53 Central Avenue

YARN Sillll’

2i) Western Ave. at Ouol
open daily 10—6 pm».
Wed. l0-9 pm.

10% Oil

on Your

‘0%  Open Eves. encept Saturday

on Yarn

 

 

 

 

The
ENGAGE-ABLES
go for

 

   

l'iuri IuInI non in mm num- Inllllrri
r

u um" lmun nl IIru-i up IIAIIP ,uml llrl

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Each Keepsake setting is
a masterpiece of design, re-
flecting the full brilliance
and beauty of the center din-
mond . . . a perfect gem of
flawless clarity, ﬁne color and
meticulous modern cut. The
name, Keepsake, in the ring
and on the tag is your as—
surance of fine quality.
Your very personal Keepsake
is now at your Keepsake
Jewelcr"s store. Find him in
the yellow pages under
“Jewelers.”

  

 ‘ sh
HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING I

Please band now 20-pogo booklet, "How To Plan Your Engagement I
and chding" and now lZ—pogc full color folder. both ior only 25“. |
Also, send special oiicr of beautiful -I'l-pago Bride's Book. I
I
l

 

,_

Nonios.._._....._._ a, WW, a-.. .-..._. w __ ,. , M _ e. ..
Address» w-a..~._...__.._..-..____........_.._ - aw-..“ , ,-__.l
cny. .  _.s-...._  .._.w._“_.srmc..,_. .. . -zm.-. 
LKEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, SYRACUSE, NEW YORK l3202._Jl

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
     

  
   

         
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
   

    
   
 
    
    
   
   
  
    
    
   
  
         
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
     
  
  
   
     
 
   
  
        

