 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

After months. of careful selection,
composition, and planning. the Torch
has'fin’ally been put into general circu-
lation.-L;From a task which began last
Spring, Torch Editor William Colgan.
mismanaged to produce what in our
eyes ’lsa competent and reliable re-
flection of the story which is the State
University of New York at Albany.

Incorporating some of the best photog-
raphy that has ever been made a part
of any, Pedagogue or Torch, the year-
book staff has created a tasteful photo~
essay‘of this past year’s events. ,

A yearbook, in Colgan’s view, a view
with which we heartily agree. cemprises
the impressions one receives after going
to school here, living here, and taking

directlook at things as they

as y... .i

Ther‘question arises, ‘fHas‘, the year-

book fulfilled its true function?” Briefly,
it has. '

Much of the violent objection to the
yearbook centers on its theme, “A
University on the Make.” Completely
disregarding the explicit intention of the
editor as evidenced in his write-ups,
(i.e. “The New Campus rising out of
the wreck of the Albany Country Club
is the most _obvious example of our
University on the make”), students chose
to interpret the phase in its most
derogatory sense.

Theyhave since proceeded to find or
manufacture any possible evidence to
prove their contention that the yearbook
was intended to degrade the school in
general and individual groups in par—
ticular.

We would like to point out that the
phrase “on the make” is still a living

Yearbook llellects University

 

part of our, vocabulary in a very re-
spectable sense.

In the December, 1964 issue of the
Saturday Review, David Boroff (with
whom this University has had previous
acquaintance) discussed “Status Seek-
ing in Academe.” In it be compared
the University to a family “on the

,make.”

He calls the result the “lower mid—
dle—class syndrome” and says that it
“is characterized by an intense desire
for respectability and by a pervasive
insecurity.”

The current controversy over the
yearbook has only served to prove that
nothing could be a more fitting descrip—
tion of Albany State.

To the objective reader. the yearbook
gives a comprehensive picture of stu-
dent life at State. Both the good and the
bad‘3are there. often side by side, as‘
they exist in reality.

From the opinions expressed at the
hearing Monday night, and those which
have been made during the week. it is
obvious that students do not want to
admit that they are not all they would
like to be.

They look into the mirror of the year-
book and they do not like what they see.
Their “desire for respectability” is far
greater than their willingness to take a
good look at themselves and their short—
comings.

We are glad to see that students are
concerned about the way the university
appears to the outside world, But it is
not for the yearbook to present the
favorable image, This can only come
from the students and the University

The yearbook reflects what the stu-
dents providc to be reflected.

Albany Student Press
esnéusnso MAY 19M
BY THE CLASS OF Wis

The Albany Sludcnl Pros: is a sonliwvcchly Iiuwspa'ler published by lllu student body of the Slate Univoreil oi Now Vork

of Albany The ASP may be roochml by dialing oiliev 4

bocher Hull,

89-648] or W 2-3326.
750 Slots Slroul, is open iroirl 7-H p.m, Sunday through Thursday niuhls.

The ASP Office, loculud in loom 5 oi Bru-

EDITH S. HARDY - KAREN E. KEEPER
o-Edllors-in-Chrnl

JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
Managing Editor

EARL G. SCHREIBER
Ari: Editor

DOUGLAS 0. UPHAM
Photography Edilor
MONICA M. MC GAUGHEY
Advertising Manager
Allirlonl Ari; Edilor

DEBORAH l. FRIEDMAN
Feature lidllor
Wll LIAM ll. COLGAN
:xeullivc Edilor
KLAUS SCHNITII R
Associolu Photography Elinor

DIANA M. MAREK

Business Manager

RAYMOND A. MC CLOAT
Sports Editor

lEILlilCN L. MANNlNG
Aococlulu Editor

JUDI iil M, CONGER

Technical Supervisor

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Rolulrons Director

 Lorry Epllﬁlﬂ

 

(Ellen long

 

Dull Editor

Stall .... ,,,.,,,,,, Mlk. Funnel], Larry Yugliuwllx, John Floilnian, Don Oppiniisono. Carol Wollln , Alice Nudollnun, Cup. Mlllllliul

r l i
m. I
' v r

Cg’InAnl“

ollcy Noidonboucr, umnnu Chapu, Cynlhiu Goodman
Anno qunoy, Poul Jousnn, Bruce Donioll

r‘m'y Woods, Waller Poll, Steven Klinu, llohorl Mcodul’o
William Sinnhold

All communlculions min! in: oddrauod to tho Editor; and must in: signed. Nalrinl will be wilhhold upon request, Comillullir
mam should In limilod lo 300 word} and on ‘ubioc' to editing. Tho Albany Sludcnl Prau cunnin- no ruporulbllily for
opinion; Olproluii'in in column or communications. at such uprouiom do not nocouarlly rollacl its views.

Doodlinu for odvorliumcnll, nollcu, and communications on Sunday night for lilo Friday lawn, and Thorldoy nlghl for

llu Tuudoy inuo.

1' ‘Mr. Thomas O’Connor

"has the “wit of 'theﬂIrlsh

and eye of an artist. Put

’ , them together, and the re—

sult is seine candid and
amusing views of contem-

porary art and society.

“It's-nice," is Assistant ArtPro-
fessor, Tom O'Connor’s initial com-
ment on the new campus complex,
"It promises to be a very hand-
some campus whsn it’s complete,"
he continues, “It’s certainly better
than whal‘s‘belng done on any other
University in the country."

However, Mr. O'Connor has some
interesting objections. First, as a
lithographer, Professor O’Connor
confesses that his work is apt to
create a little dirt in an immacu-
late studio. ln fact, O'Connor pre-
dicts that the crispy white newness
of the campus will present some
real problems in housekeeping.

“They're either going to have
to hire twice as many Janitors,”
he predicts with a grin, “or keep
the visitors away."

Less Decoration

Secondly, as his personal com-
ment on the Darrell Stone style,
O’Connor would'have less of the
decoration of the ornate campus
structures.

“1 think they could have made
it a little simpler. They would be
better off using the money they’re
spending on decoration for facili-
ties." llowever, he adds enthusi-
astically, the new facilities of the

l

campus will be "the most reward-
ing thing about the move."

Finally, the Professor warns, the
ultimate success of the campus will
depend on the skill with which addl.
tions are made to the existing lay-
out, for, according to O’Connor, the
excellence of Stone’s design is ln
the interrelationship ulthehnllllings
rather than in the superlative quality
of any_one.

An avid fan of old stl‘lllrllll‘cs
rather than new (“If we had the
space we need, the old campus would
be fine."), Ml‘. O’Connor roller-ls
that the new sliowplace will IlOl'lls-
sltate "keeping up an image."

"The Scourge oi the Middle Clubs"

On the subject of (.‘Ulllmlliullill'.
art, Mr. O’Connor is no less um-
spoken.

He speaks of the “False Hi'llSil
of cultural development” hi the
American middle class. lh- mm.
plains oi'tlle tendency ol‘ llu- mm.
geots to buy “something lll:l| ".‘lll
match the sofa, as decoration inlhur
than art. There is no longer any
personal attachment to a 1‘.th .31
art, no enjoyment of a jlilillllll,' lm‘
what it is.”

There is, O’Connor also lr-r-ls, .l
decline in "intellectual jlllllllilli,."
“There was a time when a puinll-l-
had to make a discovery :Ilunl' llllll-
self and his work liel'oi'r- hp mulll
really create something. in uni in
get involved in it. Now Up .‘ill [.5 u
is a purely visual expoi'icnrn. ll L‘s
more scientific than iii'tlsllc."

Because of the lack ol rimming
beyond the physical lllljlllr'l o1 lllL‘
work, Mr. O’Connor speculum run
his two and a half year will nun
Sean could "understand" about a,»

." _ L ' 2‘ ‘ ‘
PROFESSOR TOM O'CONNOR works or setting up one of his
It ogrophy prints in his Draper Hall workshop. Eventually lu-
opes lo have a graphic workshop.

 

much about 0p as any adult could.
Because of the limited extent of
experiment possible in this field,
Professor O'Connor also predicts
its demise in a relative short time.

The lithographor has little con-
fidence in the extent to which mo-
uon pictures can become an art
medium. He‘uses the Warhohl ex-
periments as examples of the uses
to which the medium has been put.
(One of these creations was an 8-
hour film record of an old man
sleeping.)

As for movies in general, Mr.
O'Connor good humoredly assures
us that “Movies are worse than
eVel‘. I go to a serious movie to
laugh.“

0! course, Mr. O'Connor ex-
plains, many phases of the popular
all forms are not understood by lnost
people because tile artists are cre-
thig for a “different audience." He
comments curtly on the relatively
large element in the major art fields
that is homosexual. -“Whether we
like it or not," he points out, “it's
there.” As far as the artist is con-
cerned, it is ."What hangs on the
wall that is important, not what the
artist was." ,

"Plans for the Future"

O’Connor hopes eventually to have
a graphic workshop iii the Univer-
sity in which students couldproduce
follos of prints rather‘than the single
sheets of lithograph prints which
are now possible.

As it is now, O'Connor good-
naturedly complains, he misses the
stimulation of working with students
who are Fine Arts majors and he
looks forward to the establishment
of tile new school of Fine Arts.

The only note of real anger comes
into ills voice when discussing the
lack of any real cultural or artistic
understanding in most people. Most
of the grade schools and high
schools, he feels, stress math and
science at the expense of art and
music.

".Tho Unsophisvicules"

Most of the students at State, he
says, are not “sophisticated.”
“Nine out of ten students here
don‘t know what's going on in the
art world today, and they don’t
care to know. Everything is this
push for progress." _

"I feel sorry for students today,
they just don’t know the basic facts
or their culture. Things like jazz,
and the new art forms are now,
llley'l‘e contemporary. They coilld
relax with these things.”

01‘ course, he adds with a wry
smile, “They ai'elnterested In more
lllljllll'ltull things. There are, also,
so many distractions today like
movies and television. (Movies are
\l’lll'sellllflll ever; I go to a serious
movie to laughl)”

“People may think l'm narrow
and can't appreciate what they are
doing, but then they aren't aware
ol what I'm doing either!"

COMMUNICA Tit

Student Blasts Yearbook;
Called 'Sloppy. Sickening'

To lho Edilors:

i think it only appropriate that
Mr. Colgan be lambasted in what
was at one time a publication under
his control. He has done, in my
outraged opinion, a sloppy, sicken-
lngjoii.

This is not the opinion of :i lay-
man: I was associate editor of a
yearbook at one time, mid (:lllllo
close to being on the staff of this
one—which would have been a llllS—
take, considering the results. lu'vnll
a layman can sue that this year‘s
editor has done next to nothing for
the salary he is receiving.

The first llll pages were filled
wllil_whal can be described only
as trashy pictures - that they were
not in the majority lilulllih’ lttllo,
since they should not have been
there at all - illustrating a bia-
lluitly suggestive theme; the suction
dividers wol'a all~looql'mnllilucent
of pop art; mistakes which would.
not escape a high school proulor's
oyo escaped our proofroadel'm; the
bust a! the photographs were none
too good (m. pages 02-3: couldn't

the budget stand another «'olnl ~ . '.
or was that done for "run-r i'
several seniors who Inlil- lull ‘ u-

long since could lnlvl- lll‘i‘ll ill Ill :1 ‘
with ii little i'()l'(.‘llllrlll',lil; :r,
ranged from wildly lininglnm -
dully uninteresting (in all i -:
they were awkward; Mr. I m 'l
have pol'ed a llltlu il.liilll‘~
could obviously it,“ Uli llrll‘ (‘i
lell restrain lnysull.

Ml'. (,,'l)l[;illl :llid lll‘w II’:‘
have done an unpul‘rlmmlvlll
\voi'tlly oi lllUb'i.‘ who illi‘ -
to be lileinbel's ul n l‘lll'u‘l’ll . l
is respectfully suppenlwl llml Hm
student body pny \‘i‘l)' l‘lllhl' .un 
tion to the choice ol ln-xl Hull'-
odltol': lllllllill'h‘ run ‘illll lu- m ~l-.
Close supervision nl lln‘ ‘ylilll l'\
to be llillll'lliy l'cmihnwnlml.

Lmlh. Dvll»

Torch Fails to Represent'

Student Life on Campus
To the Edllori:

l have just finished I‘h’illlllllllll: IIH
copy of Torch, 1905. 'l'lli‘l‘i‘ n. llllll'
to command til it.

The yuul'bolik can be llllllli‘ll HI:
two lllajol' grounds, The lll'hl it: (he
fact that it clearly lnlls lopimllln
even the slightest llnllmulun ul llm
breadth and essential fjlllllll y m nin—

dent life on this campus.

Mr. Colgan and his staff did not
see lit to devote space to a fine
lliUSlf' program, a varied AMI/t and
WAA schedule, or the series of line
lecturers that have visited the Uni-
vci'slty: Pater Blake, llllton Kram-
‘fl‘. llobel'l Conant, and Harry Levin
among them.

They gave no attention ill the
activities of li‘reedonl Council,
Smiles, the English Evening Com~
mlttoe, or the Renaissance Sym-
posllun.

In addition, they reduced lile Him“?
annually devoted to the achievements
oi a distinguished faculty.

A lack of taste in the second lault
(ivuluncod by the Torch. Captions
of :in unnecessarily offensqu nature
were placed Willi lllfllscl’ullllll
throughout a publication dustilnod to
reflect the atlltudos, values, and
behavior of the entire University
cmnnninlty.

’l‘liu editorship of the yearbook
in ii position of responsibility and
trust. Whoever accepts its clini-
iellllcli -— and rmvurlls - signifies
his willingness to call a volume
that honestly and sincerely repro-
sonls life at this institution.

i do not think that this has been
Ml'. Coigan’s goal; tilt has, he has
lulled completely.

Robert C. Polmson

Tickets in lie [in Sale Today

in 1954. the Moving Up Day committee decided to
produce an All—College Show at the conclusion of MUD
to “unite all the classes.” The show was an original
revue which featured Neil Brown ’54 as the accom-
panist.

The. following year, the show was not presented as
part of MUD. and the production became known as the
All-College Revue. Again the production was anoriginal
revue, and the directors borrowed $350 from surplus to
stage the play. in 1956, the Revue again presented an
original work. “It’s A Social Tiling.”

However, in 1957 “for the first time since it was
originally presented, the production was a ‘prepared’
play” — “Plain and Fancy." The production was pre-
sented on l’arents’ Weekend in March with the assist—
ance of Karl A. B. Peterson, Paul Bruce Pettit, James
Leonard, Jarka Burlan, and J. 'I‘. Phinney. faculty ad—
visors.

“The Boy Friend," presented in 1958,0stablished the
practice of presenting the Revue unaffiliated with any
other weekend.

in l959, the Revue hit the “big Time” with “New
Girl in Town" when the original costumes and drops
were rented for the Albany production.

liobert Steinhauer, ’62, directed the Revue for the
next three years. presenting sell-out productions of
“(hin and Dolls,” “The King and l” and “Kiss Me,‘
Kate.”

in 19(‘3, l.ee Lisa ’65, who had assisted liob Stein-
hauei' in “Kiss Me. Kate,’' directed “Annie, (let Your
Gun,” followed last year by “Once Upon A Mattress."
Miss Liss is also the director of this year’s Revue.
“Damn Yankees.”

'l‘iekets for the Revue go on sale today at the Perl-
style Desk from 9 until 2 and will continue through
next Friday.

Once Upon A Mattress

Guys and Dolls

The King and i

 

 

 

