_ - f ‘ zen o
,WithOut‘ killing its budget,
MisstNQWId and th

    
  
 
 
    
  

i

' names: at

   
    
   
 
   

:L'cpe'nt‘ in
r’pooeible. .
. "7 We " congratulate the committee . and
. Miss ‘Newbﬁold in particular. Wei-hope-

  

man». We‘ hope the “student body will ‘
find a way to contribute to the financial.

.Supportxof events on the order of this

symposium; .

evaluation

entire student body; the FSA functionsdo
serve the 'entire student body. Logic for-
bids our believing that one should sup-
port the other.

The attitude toward Food Service is
that it is .a convenient means of obtain-
ing money to support the FSA.

The FSA has been the administration’s
baby. for too long. It is about time that a
hard-nosed business like attitude dom-
inated the entire structure of the FSA.

as news caverage. The student body
.d acuity, as a whole-tend to, be inter-
ted in any event the magnitude of this

,sium. . 7 ‘ _
For the past several weeks there has
been much interest in the workings of the
Faculty Student Association.
We are not satisfied with the answers
“ which have been given.

President Collins has stated that there
is no way to determine the exact profit
of any particular organization under the
FSA since there are services which are
charged to‘the FSA rather an apportioned
among the groups under FSA.

This is a lame excuse. There is no
reason for maintaining a situation which
leads to an inability to determine ex-
actly how profitable Food Service or the
University Bookstore is or is not.

    
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   

   
  
 
 

    

The present method of financing FSA
projects is dependent upon a perversion
of the Food Service. This is not justi-
fiable. .

If the projects of the FSA cannot be
financed without the support of the Food
Service. the projects should be curtailed
to whatever extent is necessary.

The facts are clouded by an out-of-
date policy which allows the President
to say that there are no exact statistics
on the profit margins of FSA groups.

  

We cannot believe that it is necessary

we feel that services such as the for the Food Service to finance such a
yearly FSA audit should be paid for by large Percentage 0f FSA-
the groups receiving the audit?n‘ot‘fbyﬁsrzswembelieve that Other sourqeorpﬂﬂz
the FSA as an entity, come can be and should be found.

No matter how we have phrased the We believe that the organizations of
question. no one is willing to admit that the FSA Sh0U1d be insured and aUdited
the Food Service provides the over- on enindiVidual basiss- _   . _
whelming majority of the operatingfunds We believe that the bOOkS 0f an'FSA
of the FSA, organization should be fiscally separate

This is notadefendable situation. The and independent from the other FSA
fact that the services offered by the FSA groups-
are good ones and valuable both to the
individual student and to the University
as a whole. this does not justify the
_ practice of obtaining this money from
1" the Food Service.

‘ The purpose of the Food Service is to

 provide the best possible food for the

‘5- students. When something interfers with

" this function, that particular something
should be considered a hindrance.

The Food Service does not service the

Albany Student Press

ISTAILISNID MAY, "It
IV THE CLASS OFJVII

   
     
   
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
  

We believe that there are internal re-
forms within both the Bookstore and the
Food Service which could be made easily.
These would more precisely direct the
groups toward what should be their pri-
mary purposes.

We believe that these are the ways the
students will develop the respect that
the Food Service. the Bookstore, and the
FSA need and deserve. '

 

V v. All: 5. a t P l l- kl s bllsh a b m. uudont and, or m. Sloto Unlvorslv of
" brig: Yorcllr'Zl Al‘ho’r'l‘ . Th:'AS,P°ol‘iT:‘o,w|::ol)odmi: igggih'guol Bru‘bocli’ar Hall of 750 Slate Street, is open from i-ll
p.m., Sunday through Thursday nights. The ASP may be vouched by dialing 434-4031.

l
I JOSE PH W. GALU — JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
;. I Co-Edllors-ln-Chlai
PATRICIA E. SIPLO
V Fooluro Editor

MONICA M, MCGAUGHEY
Executive Editor Advertising Manager

4",

l' WILLIAM H. COLGAN LARRY EPSTEIN
l

i

l

i . RAYMONDA. McC LOAT
1*" Sport: Editor

 ' EDITH S.'HARDY. ,.

EILEEN L. MANNING
Senior Editor

 

DIANA M. DOMKOWSKI
usiness Manager
GARY WOODS

Eloculive Editor Ari: Editor Pholography Editor

35: JUDY JAVIsz
" Technical Soporvlaor
Don c" J;
' V Mlchool .Purdy 'i“
Nancy Foils. Cynthia Goodmcn, Lorraine Boloh, Kiuiorl Hun-d; ‘
Charlie Carson, Sue Chopo, Margaret Dunlap, Malcolm PIOVGIE Richard Kan, Mark C

.unnln ham.
Nancy Mledenbauor, Sulon Sillgor, Borhoru Biodgoti, Robert utly. Bob Wong" Bill Shillgmany
Llndo Brogman, John Sprou, Janet on, Steve Curli

Anlstant Sports Editor
Aulolani Business Manager
dull’

 

 

   

 

 

   

. ~ ' “4'qu l i - Diono,$omcrv|llll,‘Slov/o Woltor, Harry Nuchoil,'Jlm Baal-y,
‘ ‘ i ‘ Douglas Rothonb; Doug o: Uphaml‘ﬂob Merritt 
5“ y L' ,nglcr Pan, Robert ilnphon’l'on,’ “for; Milan  , "
v r, . . .  w i- ' 'w . 11:.
:' Cartoonist ' N .lohanoilo H

 

 

' All communication "3...: be oddronldJa tho'odlroro and ulv'o'uld‘tr sign-d.'€ommunlcollom thollld'hclllmltadno .
300 words and or. rubiect to editing. The Albany Student Pro" ouuvnu no responrlbllvlylpr opinionoolpruud‘ (
t In its column or communication! as loch cxpuulons do natnocououly roll-n I Views. . . , .
"3w-  :  1' ..v.  ‘ ' ' .» . ya;  ' .-  "xii/.54“.  - 1 u o v «

   

   
 

  ,2 v...  *".

 

  

this'isynipoaium will be the second of ,,

 

 

  

 

 

[ comma TIONSI

Going Steady. Part ll

To the Editor:

Response to my recent letter to
the Albany Student Press (concern-
ing "going steady") were extremely
encouraging. Most people who spoke
with me afterward were generally
in accord. A few dissented.

Resulting from these conversa-
tions, 1 find it necessary to amplify.
When I spoke of "engagement," I
meant both the unofficial commit-
ment to marriage as well as formal
bethrothal. My point was that any
exclusive relationship between two

people should take place only at that
juncture, not prematurely.

In my reference to “insecure
people," I sought to indicate those
persons whose self-image in the
social marketplace is so unstable
that they single out one person
whom they believe is the only one
who will accept them fully.

They hesitate looking further for
fear of rejection. I do not intend to
convey the idea that this is the sole
cause for a steady, or exclusive,
relationship. There are, of course,
others.

~ Another» aspect worth considering

is that taboo area called "sex."
For biological and status reasons,
some males seek exclusive relation-
ships wlth girls so they can build
up to the presendo of intimacy. I
make this only as a statement of
fact, not of judgment.

To the hyper-dependent male,
whose attachment to his mother did
not sever the umbilical cord, hehas
to seek a mother-substitute. For
tilts reason, “going steady" be-
comes hls panacea (or should we
say, more accurately, placenta?)

There are students who invoke
the catch-all expression, “love,”
as a justification for their keeping
exclusive company. Let us recog-
nize the fact that many things are
committed under the guise of love.

How many boys and girls thought
they were “truly in love” in high
school, only to have this illusion
vanish as the kaleidoscope of ro-
mance changed focus?

To reiterate the crux of my orig-
inal letter: such a monopoly is con-
fining to both individuals and as-
sentially is an invitation to remain
socially stagnant. By limiting one's
horizons and narrowing one's scope
of experience, the lndivldualis com-
promising his psychological growth.

And like sucking candy, it may
seem sweet and appealing at the
time, but the long-range conse-
quence may be a multitude of cavi-
ties, that ls, Voids which mar the
attainment of mature personality
development.

Barry Lee Coyne

Forms Ridiculous
To the Editors:

I send you the enclosure on the
assumption that you and your. road-
ers might be interested in the ques-
tions it raises. Most immediate, of
course, is the threat to students!
civil rights posed by the use of
recommendation forms as silly and
pernicious as the one currently being
sent out by the Albany Board of Ed-
llcatlcll. 1

other questions are implicit: what

level of p'ro'ieéisldnal competencecam

be guaranteed by these rating
sheets? Why should ,letterspf rac-
ommehdatlbn’ha‘vé'prtvlleged; “can;
Ifdontial". status?

[Milan's Nil/P: 'I'Iu‘sc url' Srllnl' u]

 flit. ‘Jajﬁﬂlﬁcéﬂlir....Urululuul. oily. .‘

jcclcd to: character, Iicﬂlllr, dis-
position. appcnrunct', command a]
Inglish, altitudv Millard Current
[hang/ll, altitudl- fawrml pro/vix-
sl'anal growth, knowledge of pres-
ent day Illcnri'i-s and practices,
rcsaurrnfulncss, crmpcralian and
loyalty, attitude toward superiors,
willingness to decaptsuggcsu'ans,
ability In mcct people and- rela-
tions with patrons. The following
is a letter that Dr. Dnnauan sent
lo the Board of Education.

I have studied the’ enclosed rec-
ommendation blank and have regret-
fully concluded that I am unable to
fill it in. If I were an employer, 3
physician, a psychiatrist, an FBI
agent, and a fortune-teller l'night
be able to do so, but not being any
of these things I can do no more
that provide a judgment of the ap-
plicant’s intellectual and profes-
sional qualifications.

My inability to fill out this form
disturbs me, because I do not want
it to reflect in anyway on the ap-
plicant’s qualifications as a teach-
er. For this reason I have prepared
a careful estimate, which lenclose.

A somewhat deeper reason for
concern lies in the implications'for
our educational system of the use
if such a rating sheet.

It seems to me that no one could
conscientiously answer all the ques-
tions raised, and Ifind it alarming
that-' the Board of"Educi1'tIon'-'thiliks
it reasonable to expect anyone to do
so.

Some of the questions are quite
unintelligible (What, for example,
is meant by “Attitude toward cur-
rent though"?); other ambiguous
(What constitutes a superior “Char-
acter”? or a superior “Attitude
towards superiors”?); still others
impertinenl (How can anyone not a
physician offer a judgment of
"Health"? What can I say about the
applicant’s appearance that is not
wholly subjective or wholly obvious?

But the silliest question of all
concerns the possibility of the ap-
plicant’s having engaged in subver-
sive activities. I can say “yes”oniy
if 1 have conclusive evidence of sub-
verstve acts, but in that case I am
bound to make a public accusation
in the presence of the accused, not
a surreptitious and unsupported ac-
cusation on a confidential report
which the applicant never sees.

On the other hand, if I say "no,"
my denial has no weight at all; to
testify that a person has not done
something is absurb.

To leave the matter in doubt by
equivocatillg or by refusing to ans-
wer is equally unsatisfactory from
everyone's point of View. The con-
clusion I am impelled to is that
the question ought not to be asked;
it is offensive to anyonewho has a
serious concern for truth and for
the teaching profession; ltthreatelis
the applicant‘s most basic. civil
rights; and it lsascrlousdisservlce
to the cause of education.

I hope that the Board of Education
wlllvdevlse a more suitable form.
The present one seems to me to
invite at best ill-formed or half-
baked judgments, and at worst dis—
ingenous ones. - .- .

Let me say again that I do not
wish to involve the applicant named
on' the enclosed form in my com-
plaint; she submitted my name as
a reference in gooqlfaith and has
no'knowled‘ge of this 'l’ettermr its
contents.

1 I % Robert Donovan .1
. ‘  ,.’ ',,.Pl_‘.918,559r,9f English

' r

   
    
  
 
 
   
  
 
   
    
 
  
  
  
 
 
       
   

  
    
  
  

    
    
  
      
   

 

ﬁlimui.

ALLAN. KAPROW spoke last Friday to a packed 0-349 on the
evolution of his "Happenings" in Art. .

Activities Al.Albcnylnsliluie
infill lie “.FlIC'llilyNigil‘l, lecture-

of photographsby .Joe Alper of Schenec-
- ismweek in the Draper'Gallery.”Display
of the prize winning photographer’s works will continue
at the University until the first week in December.
A relative newcomer to photography, Mr. Alper’s
"vv6rk‘”ha5"‘ appeared in" 'leading'magazines' ' and“ news—
papers in the United States as well as in jazz magazines
throughout the world, and on the covers of record al-
bums for national companies. He is ne of two Ameri-
L‘canshonoredinfthc 1962.:Internationa1 Jazz photo com-
petition in Poland.

  

 
 

   
   
 

'v v 1‘ hooligan T : :7

" by ' Do’bétai’

 

* jv. : v  v.77“ “if I t _ '-

4' “ill/gm. ‘55wihim ini‘gllml's 7 , _ r
_ a " l ’   t ' ,:’, v -,, .  ._ _..
...  Tomorrhw,"-;?s'flgll7:lice  »-"rMum!“Etoﬁnmnmu I}

n Style," or any of a half-dozen other

i

2- that Marcello Mastroiannl is one of
the finest actors ‘andone of the-most

l.

film scene. , ' , 
 gills lat ‘st comic romri, entitle'c'
“ "Casanova 70"‘ls no‘ exception, id!
5 as-usual Marcollolsterrific:  z

, ' juries after leaving-her abode.

 -,~',3- _ ‘ "oiled Cur

.__.,., , .... o

""1"" W” " Modern-Day Coconovo
This time he is a modern-day
Casanova with a very strange com-
plex—the only way he can seduce.
or even make love to a woman is ,
when the relationship involves an
element of mortal danger. It seems
that normal romance just doesn't
 _ V, _ stir him. . ,
"  ' ' This condition p'r'o'mpts'oh‘e of his
girlfriends to doubthis masculinity,
which in turn sends him to a not-
altogether-sane psychoanalyst.

' The psycuoanalyst'.discovers the
in); dilemma aria the .couch and tells
the distraught. Casanova but he
should resign himself to theme:
that he must conduct only platonic
relationships with the fair sex if
he wishes to rid himself of the
"devil" within hilli.‘ This of c’o'lirse

and some riotoils situations,

on an antique bed ill the middle of
museum; on another

girl under the pretense of being

outside the door.

   
 
 

some

   

'VOnc-Man Shows

the Parents’ Magazine Gallery in New York and in the
Albany Institute of History and Art, among others.

. . . O
In commenting on his work' Mr. Alper has said that  I awards are offered on a national
“As much as possible, it is my feeling that when one n  a erYbasls. Closing date for submission

:W'Cne-man‘ shows of his photography have been held at   

photographs it is necessary to remain apart from the
event. To extract from the scene before us is the prob-

The Albany institute of Hist

my and .
A" new anlntehquemny December meeting of the Amerl

FMth can Association for the Advance-

lem or concern of the photographer. The act of taking :11ng onThursday.Oct0ber28.whlch ment of Science and then will be
.a photograph is a judgment...The success or failure of ”‘ "ded as “'9 "‘3‘" team“! of the scheduled in various communities.

the result is determined by the photographer’s ability
to relate to the world and its inhabitants.”

Known for his portraiture, Mr. Alper has photo— ment, at the State University ofNew
graphed a number of state legislators as well as sev- “Wit “WW-
eral artists, instrumentalists and singers.
Draper Gallery is open to the public weekdays from parti‘n'eiil‘ of'Archltecture at Reus-
9 am. to 5 p.m. and on Saturday, from 10 Lmtil noon. 59”” POMGCWC Institute; Ed-

ﬂl‘ﬁﬁfagc its 

December :
-Jonuory 9

December 6

December 7

Docombor 6

number a- ll
Doco‘mhor 15-l8

 b.....‘...‘ 9

December 9-12

December, IO

' Mltchollv Trio sponsored by St. Agnes School Alum- cessful.

[SUNYA University Orchestra wltlv Iololol. Pogo

evening a panel discussion “The
Arts, the Sciences and the Creative
Commumrv."

Moderated by Dr. David G. Barry,
Special .Assistant to the President
for the Regional Sciences Develop-

Insfiiufo's Statement

The Institute made this statement
concerning the event: “We are
greatly indebted to the New York
State Council on the Arts for our
consultant-designer, and for its sup-
port of the cataloguing effort of this
unique show. We are indebted to the
Board of Directors of the Institute
which went along with this unknown
idea presented by academic leaders
of the State University of New York.

We are grateful for the ability
shown by the staff to accept a third
major full-time project for all al-

Photographcd Artists

Other participants Were Profes-
sor Bernard Foerster, of tile De-

ward Cowley, Chairman of the Art
Department of SUNY at Albany;
Professor Frederick McCandless,
Chairman, Department of Behavior-
al Sciences at Albany Medical Col-
ym1 cum, I . ready full year. Tile success of
[959: Dr- William Murphy: pmfes' Al‘t-in-Sciellce is a significant step
ear of English at Union College, and ahead u
Dr. Joseph Bevak Associate PI‘O- Sh”. . . s
' ‘ rtly tlleleaflel Queen bllza-
£855” or Chemlsu‘y 3' 319"“ Lol" betil conferred on her tile title of
ege‘ Dame, the highest honor to be ac-
cordeda woman in the lil'ltlsllislcs.

Ookroom Artists broup Member": show.
Hotel.

Albany Symphony Orchestra Concert. Philip le-
lngslnn High School. 8:15 p.m.

Schenectady Opera Guild. (Jurmcvl In French.

Proctor’s Theater. 8:30 p.m. Town and cow"

The evening was designed to bring
town and gown together illnmutually
Hahn Bou'wrlghn 50mm. CMC Music Aswan, stimulating gathering, which it was.
“0". Albany ngh Schwl 8:15 Wm Mumb”, "ﬁes Timed so that theprogram was given

while the tantalizing "Art-in-
Sclence" exhibition was still in the
main galleries outside the auditor-
ium, the evening was extremely suc-

New Director
Meanwhile it was announced that
a world-famed prima ballerina,
Dame Alicia Markova, will appear
on the Institute stage the evening of
Wednesday, January 10. She will
discuss “The World of the Ballet."
Dame Alicia hung up her ballet
shoes on New Year's Day of 1963
Art-,‘n.8c‘ence was renewed m after almost forty years of acclaim
the New Yorker. Prevlvwed by Art onuiizzdclt’rmwm'
I, . in America, selected by The Art ontopersonal supervision
Ronisaloor County HI-mlc‘“ 5°"°" °'°°"‘ 5"" Gallery as one of eight museum °‘ “” “mm” “mm‘nmmw'm
exhibitions in six cities across the WW at “‘9 09°” "0"“: mm’
country to deserve rullspage men- Alicia also directs the Metropolitan
“on, u go... from Albany-lame, 999‘?“ 5“‘°"9“‘d‘°- »- 

Slate University Theatre Production-

noo and Pnroull, Palace Theatre. 8 p.m.

Hall, tree.

‘blgw to minimum

At 'Olh'er’iimes he makes love ‘°"‘Ch‘““'cmpu“ he, 
.,   mms m which he» starred you new . firstto a woman whose husband has “"btedlx been 9‘1le "cc.
’ a reputation for liquidatinghis wife's . .

,lovorsLand thentoa"cursed"pros4 comedy “mm‘ m ' -
adept comedians ontheintqrnational x mute Whose cusmmers ""9 bee" sen“ 0! comm “pregnant
~  " ' A ‘ ' 'known'to sustain vi‘olent‘ bodily in-'

Thanks to' Marcello; Mastrolanni

Marcello tries arid tries, but he
simply cannot avoid the multitudeof co
opportunities for dangerous love-

occaslon he
seduces a “pure” Italian peasant
a
physician and, knowing all the ,while
that the girl’s parents‘ are right

I The Carlo Ponil production sports
very scenic and beautiful
photography, a script packed with
comic lilies, and a zippy music

 

a” but I
.. lannl'o‘ hllui ;

'keeDS. the am _ .
"Marcello'been In films t '

for he been wonderful‘ao

Right Expression
He seems lo'know how

just the right expression-at~ up
right moment. From justwat’ching
 V and a fine? supporting cast including, hiln one could easily get the If’qollng' '
Virna Lilli, Marisa Mall, Marco
Ferrari and Enrico Salerno, "Cas-
anova '70" is a winning adult com-
edy that. offers plenty of laughs

on it.

Hopefully, Mr. Masirolanni will
ntinue to make good sexy com-
edies like “Casanova '70." If he

a ing what a great comedian he really
5.

Annual Verse Contest
Searches For Poets

by Willlom Johnson

Tile third annual Kansas City
Poetry Contests offering $1,600 in
prizes and publication of a book-
length work have berm announced
by Thorpe Menu, literary editorof
he Kansas City Star, which co-
sponsors the awards.

Six $100 awards will again be
offered to college students for single
poems in the Hallmark Honor Prize
competition, sponsored by Hallmark
Cards, Inc.

The Dr. Edward A. Devlns Award
offers a $500 advance on royalties
for a book-length manuscript to be
published by the University at Mis-
souri Press. Four $100 prizes are
offered to poets of the Great Plains
region by the Kansas City Star, and
high school students in Kansas and
Missour may compete for four $25
H. Jay Sharp prizes.

Notional Basis

Both the Hallmark and the DeﬁnJ

of entries is February 15, 1966 and
winners will be announced April 23.
Complete rules may be obtained by
sending a self-addressed stamped
envelope to: Poetry Contests Direc-
tors, P. O. Box 5385, Kansas City,
Mo. 64131.

Last year more than 1,200 col-
lege students submitted poems do
the Hallmark competition andprlzes
were awarded to Kenneth Arnold,
Lynchburg College; Frank Bergon,
Boston College; Nancy Holmes, Uni-
versity of Iowa; William Hunt, Wes-
leyan University; David Keller, Uni-
versity of Wisconsin, and Don Ma-
ger, Syracuse University.

i965 Awards

The 1965 Devlns Award went to
Miss Nancy Sullivan of Peace Dale,
R.I. for her book, “The History of
the World as Pictures."

Kansas City Star Awards went to
Dan Jaffe, Velma West Sykes and
JoAnn Howarton Yeagley, Kansas
City; Joe A. Barons, Nevada, Mo.;
Marguerite B. Palmer, Little Rock,
An; Donald Jones, Lincoln, Neb.;
C. l... Wyrlck, Jr. and Donald Eld-
son, Columbia. Mo. ‘

Announcement of the 1966 winner!
will be made at the final American 

  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
 

  
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 

  
  

that Mastrolannl went throu'gh'o'yéry ‘. ' .
first take so well thatche'dlr'e‘ctor
could not possibly have improved

A.-.“

Poets’ Series of the Jewish Com-V ~

munlly Center in Kansas City. The
winner of the $500 Davina Award will
be brought to Kansas City to receive
the prize and ‘lo sign a contractwlth
the University of Missouri PNSS.
The Device winner will also be in-

vftod to speak aunts canyon, _ _. 

   

 

