‘ ,' tan
- , negotiation ii .
the pr

' totalitarﬂln'tsm.

an inﬁnity place and .in, any ,form.

he people believe. .

 eluded that for tilts reason
'involverrlent is based on

mat. Kendall said—that there is no
solution to llulted states’ involve-

uded‘thatthe only
, onto the problem is

, n Ta neutralist regime includ
leietcong’.‘ ' ~ ‘ » r . ..

 

_ Background of War ‘ . ,
After giving a‘look into the back-
ground oi the problem in Viet Nam,

 men! n Viet Nam and we will be Fuchsman stated he supported the

J. there tndeti'nttely.

Oppostdon to Policy

United States' policy in the conflict
but qualified his statement by saying
that the present policy is only ap-

‘oftheYiet gym /. " r W
in his: opposition to the present
policy, ,Sullivan’ said ' that the north 1

his tho-

H ,
vi

Vietnamese have an some signs
of desiring negotiation. » ‘

counter/rial ‘

Beverly Wright, popular folk-tune

, singer and guitarist, will be featured

in a jazz concert to be presented by
the Fabulous Jimmy Dorsey Orches-
tra at the RP! Field House tonight

, at 8:30 p.m.

Wright has appeared at leading

 

c: .r.

“ll of

- i Harriet rocker happily
became .. _.Alb’any. gState's
a Homecoming .Queen I for '

I 1965-1966 at the final soc-

cer game of the season
last_S\aturdayiaftaernoon.

-. The University Commuters Or-
ganization, of which Harriet has
been an active member since her
sophomore year, nominated Harriet
as their candidate. She was instru-
mental in creating a stronger bond
between the commuters and the Uni-
versity asga body through her in-
terest in this organization.

‘ Debate Council is one of Harriet's
main activities. President this year,

area, helping, o
fall tutorial progr-
T
graduate'schoo
here next year to study philosophy.
She is uncean oi exact piails'ilor
her future. ‘ » ‘

After a hectic 'Saturday morning,
which included missing the rehear-
sal held for the finalists. Harriet's’
first remark when her name who
announced was, “What doldonow?"
Smiling graciously as she was
crowned, she ﬁzzled when asked for
a comment. Referring to her speech
on democracy in Page Hall, Friday
afternoon, Harriet could only coro-
ment, .“1 guess this is one of the
advantages oi democracy." «

 

nailsllmalor, 4 i I. ‘

Dr, nuke;- nid that "v is gan- propriate as a stop-gap measure or night 'clubs throughout the United

' z A 4’ a, ,. Miss Tucker spoke for the negative
orally felt in America today that South Viet Nam. States.» Also she has appearedonthe , . ‘ .

as the representative of Albany . Rat," a. a“...

ran- l;,. ~Wlklxv‘

é

 

  

all people who oppose our policy He tent that if the Viet Cong win 3}“ 3‘6"” 831,0" “dun “‘9 N-BoC-
In my area are connected with the the war South Viet Nam will become ‘ “Wtenanny' t be
Communist Party in some way. The dominated by Communits, even ruckus m“ "‘9 “"99" can

   

arranged by- calling 270-6262.

  

EE—ANY SPECIAL Mosaic-5 or:

 

-“b'\g" in your
' " t on
‘l‘lﬁge l’ natal

 

 

is Go ahead. Be rebellious. Demand more "big" Polara’s ditterent, all right. Looks, drives,
in your big car. And get it at a price that perlorms like the elegant piece of machinery
won't take a big bite out of your budget. it is. Covered by a 5-year/50.000-r_nile war-

By Dodge, you’ve got it, Polara! More ranty.‘ Complete with all these items that
"big." More "hot." More of everything others used to cost extra: Outside mirror. Padded
have not. . dash. Variable-speed electric windshield

Ever see the likes of it? Neither has your wipers and washers. Backup lights. Turn
next door neighbor or the doorman at the signals. Seat belts, two lront ﬂl two rear.
club or the parking attendant who can easily Insist on Polara at your Dodge Dealer's. A
pick Polara from a lot lull of "me, too" cars. beautilul new way to break old buying habits.

 '88 Dodge Polara

‘llilii's NOW DODGE'S S-VEAR, 50,000’MILE ENGINE AND DIIVE TRAIN WARRANTY PROTECTS VOU: Chrysler
Corporation conllidonlly vilrranlr all ol lhu lollowrnﬁ vital parts at its l966 cars lor 5 years or 50,000 IllllllS,Wlillil19Vlth0ll|85
lltll. do“? which lll'll any such parts lhat prove elective in rnalemi and workmanthlp Will be replaced or lepll'ﬂtl al a
Chrysler olors Corporation Aullmrrlcd Dealer's plate at busrnuss without charge for such parts or labor' ungiiie hlock,
head and Internal parts. intake manrlold, water pump. lrlnsrnrslron tasu lnrl internal parts relteplinl rnauual clutchi,
torque converter. drive shalt. univernl iotnls. mr u e and dlltcrenirll. Inu rear wheel bearings.

llOUlliD MAINTENANCE: lha lollowmg nnrnlenance services are roumratlmoar the warranty—change engine oil
every 3 months or 4.000 miles. whichever corner hrlt; replace mt lllltll every loco .d all change: clean carburetor I" in”,
every 6 months and re IICI it every 2 years; and every a months lilt'lllll evidenced! Illll required snrmu to a Chrysle
1 Motor: Corporation Au horned Bea or and request "if" to Certlly receipt at such evrdence and your m's mile-la. Simple
' enough In! such important protection.

maul mo  car.

 

 

, {.1 1' 
mrsizesrs?“

 

rim intents
Conduct tennis
In St. lotiis' ‘

Donald Fahreau and John Ether of
the _University will leave next week
for St. Louis, Missouri where they
will conduct a four-day seminar for
fire department executives of St.
Louis County.

The seminar will begin November
16 and will focus on leadership and
human relations as related to the
fire service. To be explored are
such topics as role conflict, moti-
vation, perception, style of manage-
ment and the identification and de-
velopment of subordinates.

Favreau is associate director of
the University's Center for Execu-
tive Development. He,has been in
the field of industrial relations,
manpower utilization, personnel de-
velopment and training for the past
sixteen years.

He was manage of personnel de-.
velopment and training for the New
York Stock Exchange and senior

training coordinator for the Ford

Motor Company.

Favreau is a graduate of Knox
College, Illinois and he received his
masters degree from SUNYA at
Albany. —

Dr. Ether is a professor of Edu-
cation specializing in curriculum.
He is often an instructor at special
seminars conducted by the Center
ior Executive Development.

He is a graduate of the City Col-
lege of New York and received his
higher degrees from Columbia Uni-
versity.

Phi Beta lambda
Attend Conlerence

On Friday, October 15, the Fall
Planning Conference of Phi Beta
Lambda and the Future Business
Leaders of America was held in
Brubacher Hail. Fifty representa-
tives from all parts of the state
attended. The Albany State Chap-
ter, Beta Delta, acted as host for
the conference.

It was decided that the annual
state convention would he hold in
April at SUNY at Delhi. Niagara
Community College elected to
sponsor the contests to decide our
national representatives. The con-
ference ended on the note of hoping
to send a record number of New
York State representatives to the
National Convention at Now Or-
leans thls coming June.

Phi Beta Lambda announces its
new freshmen officers for the
1905-1960 year. They are Mary
Clch, Assistant-Treasurer; Bar-

l'larriet Tuclror, Ann

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

wimu W]; "I"?
. A ‘

 

HOMECOMING QUEEN and her court (above) are lrem left to right, Sue Nichols, Lynn Kurth, Queen
A Digney and'Mgric Manioci. The selection committee judged the girls on their

initial interview which selected l2 from the original 40 nominees; their appearance in Page at the
. University Pro-View, their speech on Friday oliarneon, and audience reaction to this speech. '

Chairmen Calls

Weekend Success

Homecoming 1965 was, accord-
ing to Lauren Kurz, chairman of
Homecoming Queen Selection Com-
mittee, a "really successful week-
end." A bonfire on University Field
opened the three day weekend’s
festivities.

The Homecoming parade down
Western Ave. included floats by the
sororities, fraternities, and several
dormitories. These represented
many hours 0! hard work and pre-
paration which paid offior PslGam-
ma, Beta Zeta, Chi Sigma Theta
and Sigma Llambda Sigma.

A large turnout at the formal
reflected the students’ pleasure at
winning the homecoming game.

 

Harriet Tucker,

the ASP congratulates you

 

 

 

   

ruilrsn .

State. She currently is chairman of
the advisory committee for an inter-
collegiate mock assembly.

Works for Youth

The "real thing" in Harriet's
life since last semester is the pro-
gram for disadvantaged youth con-
ducted in several areas near Al-
bany. She is involved in the Cats-
kill prolect, and spent this past
summer working in the Catskill

"Very pleased" with her now
honor, Miss Tucker enjoyed the
Homecoming Dance in a velveteen
and brocade gown made by her
mother. Harriet's duties as Home-
coming Queen are as yet indefinite.
Hopefully, according to Lauren Kurz
who was chairman of the Queen ae-
lection committee, she will be hon-
ored at various functions either as
a speaker or a guest during
year. '

 
    

 

A PEP RALLY was held on Universit Field at which time the
coach and their teams were introduce . The pep rally was well
attended and inspired the students' enthusiasm.

 

 

 ' , r loin the Dodge Rebellion at your Dodge Dealer’s.

 

  

 

 

barn Gitfln, Assistant Recording ' I ' ‘ ' ” ' ' ' V’ “ I _ , ’
N H . 590mm» ,Dolores D 10,, “A5515- - g g cm SIGMA Theta Sorority and Sigma Lambda THE TRADITIONAL Scholarship Trophy which is sponsored by
Wtwmcn m: nos HOPE CHRYSLER THEATRE WEDNESDAY NIGHTS on ~5ch. CHECK YOUR LOCAL LISTINGS-vi— —————— ~~ tam Cg,,,,,,o,,,,,,gy 8:0,.em,.,.; ZEL'Gam'A ﬁlmm'g"Eggshggﬁfxzrmebﬂi; Sigma fraternity iied for 3rd place in the Iudg- ch-ISC, was won this year by Theta Xi Omega. The pr'ealdcnt ,
‘ Kathy Van niper, Historian; Eliza- “cm, (5mm). ins 0' the lentil Saturday allem‘wn- "WWI tlw cun- "

 

hath Payne, Publicity Chairman.

 

