   
  
   
    

   
  
    
 

 

l
i
.
l

 
 
 
 

 
 
    
         
  

 

. w «A... mnamuzlnme. n  u’.::.'v:t—L:m use—Mu...“ . ,.

..;§s€s:zxw~.n~.<_._ H

    

I
i
’.
.

  
   

 

 

 

 

TTle'yistIys complain about me Ill—CIT of teachers in the country,
but here it is a month and- a trait front'groduation ond.l still
haven't got o lead on a job.“

In 4 Helena oi Salaries

As we sat through the Finance Committee Budget
Hearings on Sunday afternoon we were able to witness
one, of the most amazing spectacles of financial man-
agement that has taken place on this campus in the past
years. The atmosphere, after the relatively easy passage
of the "Directory" and “Viewpoint” budgets, became
tense. and clipped. as the committee returned arbitrary
comments and final decisions toquestions that appeared
to all observers to be worthy of intelligent discussion
and effectual dialogue.

The “ASP” entered the hearings prepared to offer
reasons for each line of the budget. The committee had
apparently entered the scenevof the hearing with pre-
conceived concepts that it was unwilling to alter, in
spite of valid reasons to the contrary. Foremost among
the lines in question were those concerning editors’
salaries and an allotment for sending representatives
to the Associated Collegiate Press Conference.

As the discussion of salaries progressed. the com-
mittee’s entrenched outlook on the issue, that of op-
position to any and all student salaries. became ob-
viously dogmatic. We maintain that the training, and
time spent in the total production of two issues of the
"ASP" per week warrant a salary for each of the co-
editors-in-chief. Surmounting both of these factors,
remains that of the great and ultimate responsibility
resting on the shoulders of the two editors. When the
scope of the task comes to involve the proportions of
that of the editor of the newspaper, as of the editor of
the yearbook and the radio station manager, then those
tasks can no longer be considered a mere extra-cur-
ricular activity, compensated by one’s sense of benev-
olence to the institution which has provided the train-
ing, but a job. involving a priority to the position.
rather than to the student role.

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY l9i6
BY THE CLASS OF I918

   

 

The Albany Student Press Is a semi-weekly newspaper ubllshed by the student
y o t e State University at New York at Albany. The ASP may be reached
by dialing either 489-648I or IV 2-3326. The ASP oillce, located In Room 5 ol
'Brubacher Hall, 750 State Street, is open from 7-ll p. m. Sunday through Thurs-
rloy nights.
EDITH S. hnRDY - KAREN E. KEEPER
Co-Edltors-in-Chloi
HAROLD L. LYNNE
Managing Editor
RAYMOND A. MC CLOAT
Sports Editor
JOSEPH 5. SILVERMAN
News Editor
CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Associate Feature Editor
JUDITH M. CONGER
Technical Supervisor
DOUGLAS 6. UPHAM
Photography Editor
MONICA M. MC GAUGHEY
Advertising Manager
JOHN M. HUNTER
Consultant Advertising Manager
Dolli’EdItar '
Isnu.

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Feature Edlkar

EARL G. SCHNEIDER
Arts Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor
DIANA M. MAREK
Business Manager

KLAUS SCHNITZER
Associate Photo'ophy Editor

SUSAN J. THOMSON
Public Relations Director

Ellen Zang
.Jossph Mphay, James Bollln, Mike Farenell, Linda Freshen,
ndelsnlan, Mills Gilmartin, Kevin Ma Irl, Carol Wallin , Alice
. Nudolman, G. is. Mlnlmus, Bren 0 Miller
Columnists............M. Gilbert Williams, Paul Jensen, Bruce Dan'leis‘, J. RogeLr Lee‘,

or cut .
Photovophers........................,................. Walter Post, Steven Kling, RobertyMcOdare'
r . l . William Sinnhold

All fornmunlcatlons must be addressed to the Editors and should be signed.
Nirnu wlilbe withheld on request. Communications should. be limited to 300
word! and us subject to editing. The Albany SIM-t" Press assumes no folpan-
ulbiilty Ianaplnlons expressed in Its columns or communications, as such ex-
pressions do ngt necessary reflect its idem.

 

  

 

 

 

i s g ‘

tomes ‘Ilrlde'yts
to. limitations of
:‘bo postponed~ until .- '

   
  

. on ,4
space has to
this issue. . , _
by Tim AtonI

Standing on the front steps of Draper at 11:40 am.
last Monday morning was me. My 11:15 art class had
met as scheduled, but had been dismissed after the
professor had gone over our mid-sem. (i didn't do too
bad, considering it’s my very first art: course.)

I surveyed the scene before me with a critical eye
and noticed all thosevpoople lined up along the side-
walk, ready to march to The Capitol. I walked toward
choline of marchers, looking for somebody I knew. I
reached the line and started walking to the back.
Suddenly somebody stuffed a necktie into my hand
and whispered,

"Don't use it unless you have to.”

.“Righi-o,” I said.

I turned to the lchsp who had given me the tie.

"What‘s this for, anyway?" I said. ' .

"No dresses no marches." '

"Right-o."

When I got to the end of the line (it’s not right to
cut in, and the egocentric justice of frontsie-backsie
becomes. all too obvious as one enters his junior
year) when I got to the end of the line, I was met by
one of the many squad leaders. He was wesringa
black suit and tie and a white arm band.

It was then that I noticed that everybody was
dressed up. Everybody in line, that is. .It had oc-
curred to me ‘earlier that there were an awful lot

of people on campus who were all dressed up, butl I

figured maybe they were in fraierniii’és and had to
look nice on Mondays or maybe a lot of people had
decided to get dressed up because it was Monday,
or maybe it was that most festive of holidays, Mun
Day and I had forgotten.

“Who died and went to heaven and how do you know
for sure?” I said.

"Where’s your tie?" he said.

“Right here. I was just putting it on. Hold still.
I'm gonna use your glasses for a mirror. You cant
put on a tie without a mirror. Tilt your head up just
a little. That's it, look me in the eye. Keep still, will
ya? Whaddya lookin’ around for? Look at me! Look,
at mei Okay, how’s that? Can I get in line now?

“Where's your jacket?" he said.

“I'm wearing it."

“That’s not a jacket, that’s a coat."

"Semantics, semantics. I have no time.”

“What are you doing wearing jeans?"

“You really wanna know?"

"You're not supposed to wear jeans."

"They're not really much good for anything else.
And I always thought..."

“Not on this march, fella." ,

"Who you callin’ fella? Listen, you ever hear of
the Mafia?”

"The regulations...”

“on, c'mon. They're clean."

“Your loafers are filthy."

"You see good."

“Sweat socks."

“These days a man has to sweat. There’s no getting
away from it. You don't sweat, you don’t get ahead.
Besides, it's good for you. All things being equal,l
plan to sweat. Nice day for a march, eh?"

"Get in line.”

So I got in line, and the squad leader walked away
(probably thinking he had won the argument because
I had done just what he ordered lne to do.) I tuned my
perceptions. The atmospherelscked that revolutionary
flavor. Who were all these respectable rebels, these
Palmolived protestants, these middle-class muti-
neel's? I wanted to see some dirt, a few whiskers,
people scratching. Where were all the bold Fenian
men? Gee whiz. I

Then I spotted Trudy, he bat girl.

"Trudy, Trudy," I shouted.

"’I‘im. Tim," she shouted back. "I’m sodepl'essod.
Where are all the bold Fenian men?"

"I don’t know, I don't know."

“Me either. Tim, this is my friend, the queen.”

“iii, the queen," I said.

"Hi, big boy."

Alld than we started marching. We were supposed
to march by two's, bui Trudy and I and the queen
were three.

"What's all this marching by two's? What kind of
line is that? Let’s try a calligraphic line." (That.
was on the art lost—"What is u calligraphic “"87".
I don't want to talk about it.) "a little calligraphic
line, :1 line which varies ill thickness," (1 know lilo

museum]. 7, ~
iphic line to ill ate the force and flow of our

   
   

is? nuts I
untrersity. How shoot it? How [bout a little calm
v if 'ic'iine, everymayqov- 

' groom" said Trudy.

' “I'm with you, big boy,” said the queen.
"March by two's," said the squad lender. “Stay
in front of the people in back of you and in back of.

,the people in front of you." ,,

“Look, can't we march by three's? Just us? We’ll'
send” .

"By two's.”

"But we’re friends. Trudy's my friend and the
queen is Trudy's friend and any friend of Trudy’s
is surely a friend of mine, and well gee, you just
can't break us up like this. We're» friendsl And be-
sides, how 'can you break three people into pairs of
two? I ask you. And I-don’t want to march all by
myself, and the some goos for Trudy and the queen."

"That’s right," said Trudy.

"You tell him, big boy," ssid the queen.

"You firld me a partner and then we’ll pair off,
okay?" I said. “A nice Armenian girl. Short, not tur-
‘hesvy, nice family background. That’s fair, isn’t it?"

What could he say? He knew I had him dead to
rights. He turned and walked away. Things got pretty
dull. There were no signs to read—no one was car-
rying any. Orders, I guess. By the time we passed
the English Annex, the boredom was unbearable. i
let out with a Scottish walking song:

“Stop it gully, on we go
Heel for heel and ice for toe
Arm in arm and on we go
Down to Rocky’s building.”

Nobody joined in. Not even Trudy and the queen. Can

you believe it, nobody knew the songi Itried again:
“O-oh, budget
O-oh, budget
O-oh budget over us
Over us
And before we’ll take a out
We will organize and strut
All the way to The Capitol and cuss
Watch us cuss.”

No response whatsoever. Except for a middle-
aged onlooker.

“Get a job,” he said.

"Pay back your GI loan," I said.

"You wanna fight?"

"I can’t. I got my good clothes on."

Then we walked around The Capitol Building. Tho
silence was overpowering. It was enough to make you
put away your guitar and take up the rudimentary
drum.

“Can’t anybody at State play the goddamn Imu-
pipos'?" I said.

But Trudy and the queen didn't answer me. I don’t
even think they heard me. They were too busy look.
ing for a litter basket. The squad leader had loin
them to be careful what they did with their gum
wrappers. He didn't want anybody to get arrested.

It was too much to behold. The only signs of ill.-
were a light green Volkswagen and a red Auslln
Cooper. The two cars kept circling The Capitol In
the direction opposite to the one in which the march—
ers were walking, and they bore signs on them. lllll
you couldn’t read the signs, so life lost again.

We marched around the block twice and lllelllleﬂflwl
back. Just like that. No assembling at the foot of 'l‘ln-
Capitol. No storming up to the fort. No Odessa step.»
sequence. We were going home. It was all ovmx

Except for the counting.

“March by two’s. We’re counting."

"It's too much trouble for me to march by twn'x.
so just count me as one person."

"March by two's please.”

"But nobody wants to walk with me. Except Truth
and the queen. But is that going to stop me? No, sir.
I intend to go on marching...”

“But we're countingll"

"Look, here's what you do. Pay attention. \\‘lu~u
people go by singly, count them as iwu people unn
draw a line, not a long lille, just a short line, at in.-
bottom of the page. If three people go by iogcilu-l,
you cross off one of the lines that you made wlwl.
only one person went by. If four people should go I .
you cross off two lines---five people, lhreellnes, up.
so on and so on. Mills and of the march, you deiernlnn
your gross total find subtract the number of lines of
the bottom of the page from your gross loin], who i.
procedure will yield up the net number Ullllfll'clii‘l 
A good idea. A good idea.

“Do you realize that while you were talking i In“
count and will have to start all over again?”

“Well, if you’re going to be that way about if, on
just go ahead and use your out-lnoded meihon. 514' ii
I care. See if I ever do you a favor again."

The counter hopped onto his lllfra-siublc follow:-
weight Honda and made a commuter's flush fol m
head of the line, a considerable distance away. iiw
sound of the rapidly unwinding 50cc engine Hilaliirm Al
the air and the counter was arrested for lllsiulll :
ho peace.

8'

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 

Finance Committee Member

States Formal Resignation
To the :dltorsl

The following is the text of my this school."
resignation: "Because of tile pus-
sugo of two line duliiions (Confer.
'00-'66 budget of the ASP, Ire-

Fillanco Committee.

dissatisfaction of our fellow students

ticipaiion in student activities. The
small, bigoted minds of certain
committee members will keep this
University ill stasis as long as they
continue to curve on committee at

As a former member of the com-
ence and Salaries) in the proposed "'me"! I 0“" “mg” “1" "0‘ “'le
ilk: $510131! 3m  :leul'bors.

m s on no lo lu gel lear-
m‘n my mam 1“ “Tlaelglzfgg ing with their minds closed,aud they
made “mom, ,0 an 88,8810“ “cum, refused to look at the long-range
to the prestige of the University, bemmﬂmu'” Umvmslly'

Tile opposed issues because they
and to decreased interest and par- were not entitled to receive bene-

fits from iboso monetary num-
merits, or so they thought. Thu 1 LI-
vol'sity does not lllniicl', uni) W

students do, a good sound ll'i‘J‘
which most of the Finance (mn—
miilue member's tendon in llb‘l'.

l urge my fellow .‘iillflunlh in mi»-
sitlel' lilo reasons wbi’ WWW" “W
the collegiate press commonw-
are necessary. Talk about «now
reasons and voice ultinim'“ "‘ "'
liuder, non Camiler an" “"‘”
Gardner, the people WI") V‘E“"“‘“”]"

opposed University progress.
5",," Com

   
  
 
 

   
   

 

  

   
  
 

   
    
  

   

 
 

 

 
 
 

  
      

   
 

  

   

   
    
  
 

   
  
 

    
 

PETER PAN COMPANY in e s

\

cone from “The Red Shoos.”Tho

production was performed for the children's theatre.

SUNYA’s Children’s Theatre
Presents 'The Red Shoes’

The Children’s Theatre of SUNYA
presented "The Red Shoes,” by Hans
Christian Anderson, yesterday at
the Griffen School on South Street.
Additional performances of this pro-
gram are scheduled this spring for
Project Able schools in the com-
munity.

Schools participating in Project
Able are schools which would not
ordinarily receive the cultural bene-
fits of being able to see such plays.

The Children's Theatre aiSUNYA
is composed of three companies:
the Peter Pan Company, which pre-
sents theatre for children and is
currently engaged in “The Red
Shoes,” the Cameo Company, which
works with children in creative dra-
mailcs; and the Empire Company,
which works with teenagers.

Course work in Children's Thea-
tre provides experience in all three
companies and is part of the pro-
gram offered by ille Speech and
Dramailchri Department.

Participation in all productions
is open, as are most courses in

 

English Evening
English Evening will be held at
8 p.m. tonight rattler than at 8:30
p.m. as originally scheduled.

Student Science Journal

Student Science Journals will be
distributed today III the science all-
nexes during the following hours:
Husied, 9-11 and 12 to 1:30 p.m.;
Central Annex 8-10 and 11-1; De-
LI‘OIL Annex, 9-10 and l-2:30 at the
Central Avenue entrance.

The Journal is l'ree-of-charge to
all students.

Housing Oiilco

Tile University Housing Office is
planning to provide housing facil-
ities for Graduate students here
during the 1965-06 academic year.
There will be room for 50 students,
almost evenly divided between men
and walwl.

Any Senior who is interested in
graduate housing IOI' next year
should apply in tile Student Per-
sonnel Office, D-iOB, us soon as
possible.

Pl Gamma Mu

Pi Galnnlu Mu, Social Studies
Honorary announces its initiates
for the Spring somesiel' of '05.
Faculty members ill‘f) Clnrn Tucker,
Dr. William lioully,ululJlllllos Klep-
por.

Nine students have qunllflod for
membership. They are Frances
Bloch, Yetta Foidlnnn, iiolly Fur-
mun, Joilll Gilmull IV, Illdiih liul‘dy,
Claudia Noble, Gnl'y Splolulnlln,
Richard Thompson, llllil Murgnl'ui
Vandcwntol'.

New officers for infill-iii) are
President, Gul'y Spioilnalln; Vice
I’residoni, Richard Thompson; Sec-
retary, Holly Furmun; Illlfl Trous-
urel', Jacqueline SliBl‘Iil.

MYSKANIA
Members of MYSKANIA will be
visiting various groups and resi-
dances on campus Ill the next weeks
to explain the structure of the new

‘llusllloss

other departments, to all regis-
tered students interested in acting,
siagecrafi or design.

Addyso Lane Palagyi, a teacher
in State's Speech Department, is
the director of Children's Theatre.
The first Peter Pan Company in-
cludes the entire cast and crew of
"The Red Shoes": Carl Cusato
(Snogg, a gypsy); Jocelynn Kole
(Karen); Jo West (Melnmo, the
clown); Jlln Gifford (the Burgomas-
ier); and Augusta Kaiz Bisking (the
Grandmother).

Other members of the cast are
Bill Mayer (Nels); Dorothy A. Sul-
livan (Peter Pan); Barbara Baker
(Tinkerbell); and Darlene Olson and
George Kessier, Stage Manager and
Liglltlng Specialist respectively.

“The nature and purpose of Chil-
dren's Theatre at the University is
to provide a bridge with the coin-
munity and gives children and teen-
agers an opportunity for creative
work in the theatre." All plays are
staged on campus mm on tour in the
Capital District.

NOTICES ~—

goverlllllent. Groups. interested in
having iileln come are asked to con-
tact Al Smith.

SEC

Tile Student Education Association
will have a meeting on Thursday,
April 22 at 7:30 p.m. ill Bru. Num-
lillliIUllS and elections will be dis-
cussed, nlld reports of tile Nillill
Annual Delegate Assembly, just hold
ill Buffalo will be given.

Distributive Ed Club
To Sponsor Trip

The Distributive Education Club
is sponsoring a trip to tile New
York Port Authority Oil Wednesday,
April 21. The group will be the
guest of the Authority and will meal
with several executives who will
disulss the history and future po-
tential growth of the Port Author-
fly.

The group will also have fllflflei‘
ill New York and attend a lnuilllen
for n lirondwny show, shopping Ul‘
sightseeing. Possibly they will be
able to attend iln- World's Fair.

All lllenlbol's of the Club, l’bl
Beth Lnlllbilu and Pi Omega P;
are invited to attend along with
sillilollis who are hot n
melllllel‘ of any of the groups.

Students llllel'oh‘lefl should coll-
inci Professor Reno Knouse OI’SIOVO
Box-gore in Draper Mil. The round
trip fair is $5.95 and is due hi the
time of l'cgisil'uiioll.

 

Part time student help
wanted to work Iroln II p.m.
to l p.m., Mandoy-Friaoy, or
some combination oi those
days and hours. “.30 an
hour.

For Iniormotlon call bo-
twoen 4-5 p.m.. Monday thru
Friday only. 459-472I, or
apply In person at tho Olllce
Building Campus Site Caiov
torla. Building No. 3. T

um 'e’r‘ Community ems:

, izsiion and Political Education group l

(SCOPE) began its drive to raise
funds for the summer project at a
rally in the old quad on Sunday af-
ternoon. '

A small crowd and many window

"observers heard Ken Fuchsman,‘

program director for SCOPE, and
Dan Button, managing editor for
the "Albany Times Union," speak.

Fuchsman described the purpose
of SCOPE ’as part of a nationwide
drive to register Negro voters in
the South. Volunteers will attempt
to guide prospective voters in their
campaign to and racial discrimina-

_ tion at the poles.

Volunteers will also conduct night
courses in political education in al-
ternating parts of southern black-
beli counties for persons of voting
age.

Selma March

Button then described his par-
ticipation in the recent Selma to
Montgomery march. He called for
everyone, whether they could par-
ticipate in 3 rights project or not
to continue to give these projects
their support.

Volunteers

SCOPE announced after its Sunday
rally that five students have volun-
teered to participate in the summer
voter registration project. These
students are Robert Hart, Kathleen
Murphy, William Leue, Lance Nel-
son, and Martin Schwarz.

No decision has been made by

University to filter
Chinese language
Course in September

Elementary Chinese will be 'of-
fered for the first time on the
SUNY at Albany campus next se-
mester. It is scheduled for Tues-
days and Thursdays at 4:30 p.m.

Assistant Professor William Woo,
will be the instructor for the three
hour course, including laboratory
work. Emphasis will be placed on
oral work with training in Mandarin.
pronunciation;

Drill structure, and acompal'ison
of the difference of expression of
ideas in English and Chinese will
also forln a large part of the cur-
riculum. Six hours of credit for the
year course will be given.

Clleck Pro-registration schedule,
course number 1550, for Elemen-

dents

 Screening, Committee 'to'

these volunteers, so students in-
terested in serving in the project
may still volunteer.

A desk has been set 'up in the-

Perisiyies to solicit the necessary.

funds for the project and to serve
as a place where interested stu-
dents csn volunteer;

to Join Voter

sc as advised

  

the coming vacation so ps‘rental

 
 

consent is necessary for s11 volun- 

   

tests under twenty-one.

movies here to dramatize its pro-
ject.

lillivnsily, Signum lands to Hold,
Honors convocation April 25

Signum Laudls and the University
Committee on Awards will co-spon-
sor the first University Honors
Convbcaiion on April 25 at 2:30pm.
The purpose of the convocation is
to recognize superior scholastic
ability and achievement among the
members of the university com-
munity.

Personal invitations will be is-
sued to those being honored, ln-
cluding members of all honorarles,
freshmen on dean's list, upper-
classmen with 3.0 cumulative aver-
ages, and the top ten freshmen and
sophomores.

There will also be several special
awards announced at this time.

An academic procession by faculty
representatives will open the cere-
monies in Page Hall. Awards will
be announced by Dr. Arthur Collins,

chairman of the University Commit-
tee on Awards, and Barbara Sayer,
President of Signum Laudis.

An important part of the pro-
gram will be a speech of scholastic
nature to be given by an eminent
scholar or an alumnus noted for
academic research. This year it
was considered appropriate to ask
President Evan R. Collins to give
the address.

Following the program in Page
Hall a reception will be held for
faculty and honored guests in Bru-
bacher Lower Lounge.

It is hoped that the greater recog-
nitioll will be given for scholastic
achievement in the future because of
this and subsequent Honors Convo-
cations. All honored guests as well
as the entire student body are‘urged
to attend. . :4

 

tary Chinese course sign-up. and FACULTY AND STUDENT MEMBERS oi Signum Loudis and the

consult your adviser
registration.

for COW-Se University Committee on Awards Plan the Honors Convocation.

 

post 15 yours.

lilo insurance tor college

SENIORS GRADUATE STUDENTS

A College education is expensive -.as you must know! Why not protect your in-
vestment, with low cost lilo insurance? -

ART KAPNER, a specialist in the iilc insurance iiold, has been providing this
kind at protection through Connecticut Mutual Life, to State Graduates tor the

WITHOUT OBLIGATION — TAKE A LOOK AT THE DETAILS
TEAR OFF THE COUPON BELOW AND MAIL
Art Kapner. 75 State Street, Albany, N. Y.

WITHOUT OBLIGATION - I om interested in learning more about your low cost

students.

 

PRINT NAME

date of birth

 

col logo address

 

 

 

phone number

Gonnecticut Mutual Life

THIS arr/5 CHIP COMPANY‘- thsf’s law In not cost. too.

 

 

- I  "a...
dents to talk, to their. parents over _

Meanwhile scope is an"... about 7‘
with its plans to bring speakers and ‘

 

     
  
    
    
 
  
  
      
 
  
 
 

   
 
        
     
   
 
     
    
    
    
    
   
   
  
   
       
   
   
   
   

 
    
    

 
 
 
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
    
  

y..._‘__.. -_

   
      
    

  
      
        
      
      
      
          
        
      
     
  

       

