  
 
   
  

   
  

 
  
 
 

   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   

 

I

l '

   

 

 

 

‘1‘:
,. .
3'

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Well, fellow legislators, as you know we're havin

good legislators in this fix and cut education first.

Student lax increase

In the face of, protests that were
mounted against the cut in the State
University budget this past week, pro-
ceedings on our~budget for student ac-.
tivities for next year have received very
little notice.

Deborah Friedman, chairman of fi—
nance committee, has indicated that
many organizations on campus will have
to face a reduction in their proposed
budget for next year. The reason is that
the Student Association will have only
$110,000 next year if student tax re-
mains the same, while the various or-
ganizations are asking for approximate-
ly $127,000.

We feel that a reduction in budgets of
these organizations could prove as dam-
aging to the quality of the programs they
sponsor as would be the reduction in the
SUNY budget to its proposed programs.

A growing University such as ours
demands that these activities expand
with it. They will provide a vital part of
the University’s intellectual and social
enrichment. They should receive the
funds they need to accomplish their aims
of providin the best for the student body.

Student ax provides a tremendous
number of benefits for the student. The
$27.50 a year which each student now
pays entitles him to receive a yearbook,
a University directory, Primer, Campus
Viewpoint, and an issue of the news-
paper twice a week.

He can attend productions by the State
University Theatre and touring com-
panies such as “Hamlet” free ofcharge.
He is able to attend concerts by famed
artists such as Pete Seeger and Carlos
Montoya for a nominal fee.

Student tax supports the entire pro—
gram of the University Center Associa-

 

Albauy Student Press f”
ESTABLISHED MAY l9“
BY THE CLASS OF l9"

 

g trouble with our budget. So let's do like all

tion. This includes special days such as
Homecoming and the Holiday Sing. Speak-
ers such as Bayard Rustin, Harry
Schwartz and Peter Blake are brought
to the campus through the resources of
student tax.

For a University that has one of the
lowest tax rates of any State University
unit, this year’s activities have been
commendable.

Next year these programs will be even
better if the organizations are able to
get the money they feel is necessary to
improve and expand their activities.

We do not recommend thatProvisional
Council allow organizations to have funds
that are unneeded, but we do feel that
if the budgets cannot be cut without

hurting’ the organizations, an increase PROCESSIbNHw’mDS n; of"
in BtUdent tax Shoum be serious” Con' pace down Washington Ave. Albany police kept traffic from interféring with" the effectiveness of

sidered. the march. I

When we look at the activities that I a
student tax provides the student, we
do not think that an increase would be
unreasopable.

Housmg Policy Sound

The. recent survey conducted by the
Committee on Student Housing to obtain
reactions from the students now attend-
ing this University concerning off-cam-
pus accommodations was, in our esti-
mation, certainly an intelligent approach
to the housing question.

At last the University has seen fit to
consult those affected by housing policy, h

 

by taking the” Yeplles “*0 °°“Sldem‘ ABOUT so FACULTY MEMBERS joined with
“on When proposmg regumtions for "em; to protest the scheduled decrease for SUNYA and the State Uni-

year’s housing. When so many submitted versity as a whole.
votes in favor of off-campus housing, but
at the same time reacted indifferently
to language houses. the Committee ad-
lustedjheir policies accordingly.

‘99
.\
0‘1

9

 

The Albany Student Press ll o semi-weekly newspaper publlshed by the student bad of the State Unlveult f N V In
an... . The up may 1.. reached 5 dl n n». 489~648l W 2.3 a. n. as r ’ ° "' °' ‘"
Holl,;50 State Street, ll open from 7'»! lingo. Sund.e'y through Thursday ralzghte. . o" "I “no.” In Room 5 a. munch"

EDITH S. HARDY - KAREN E. K EFER
Co-Edltors-In-Chlef E

DEBORAH I. FRIEDMAN
Feature Editor

HAROLD L. LYNNE
Managing Editor

EARL G. SCHNEIDER
Arte Editor

DOUGLAS 6. UPHAM
Photography Editor

Associate Photography Editor
MONICA M. MC GAUGNEY

JOSEPH S. SILVENMAN
News Editor
EILEEN L. MANNING
Associate Editor
KLAUS SCHNITZER J DITH M.
echnlcei Supervisor
SUS N J. THOMSON

RAYMOND A. MC CLOAT
Sports Edltot

WILLIAM H. COLOAN

- Executive Editor
CYNTHIA A. GOODMAN
Anuclnte Feature Editor
CONGEN DIANA M. MANEK
Business Manager
JOHN M. HUNTER

 

 

 

Advertising Meneger Public eleilons Director Consultant Advertising Moneger
Dull Edltor , u... Ellen Zen
Stuff..........................................Joeeph Mahoy, Jornee Bellin Mlhe Forenell, Llnde Freehon Linda Hayden-on, Milne Gllrnortln.
I Kevin Me In, Carol Welling, Alice Nud-lmen (0, V Mlnilriui, Brando Mille’r
i"L ' L “ Gilbert Iliorns, Poul Jensen, Bruce Deni-ls he or Lee, Gory Lucroli
r"-......'..r.'. ' " P9". Steven ing, Robert McOd

nu WI lllom Sinnhz'ld

 

All lc tion tb ddr Jr th Ed" d tbe i 4. N I ' 2 P'm- 1'0"“ Fobruar 5 .,. i t d ‘ PROCESS .the Ca Ital on Washinglm AWN"
....::."".‘x:..: 5. 1.3.1:. .: than. .2. :.. “can. at... untoward: h.1l'l.“.'.t.“.l°l:::l::l'.firm: " v I ma Students 4...... .. . .. mu nucleus; ..
opinions erprrered in its ca urnne or communications, or such enpreesione do not necessarily reflect its views.

5:30 p.m.-Thursdoy, April 1, ins  HAROLD LYNNE SPEAKS
in favor of proposal of action to protest the State University bud-
cut. During the re council meeting Lynne was appointed choir-

moin of the more committee.
." -‘ ‘ ".3 -

  
 
 
 
  

 

n in front of Draper and begins. to'rnove ofa moderate

 
  
 
 

I, tors, its participants’ orderliness position and to recognize 3M1 or-

 

reaction to the tuition imposition. Here,

Newman, hunk" maul. organizers to determine the reasons for
the free education ideal.

they symbollicolly bu'i
' 0 dtmonltratlon.

 

 

 sod $6.8 million legislative reduction in

 the. efforts of Provisional Council’s Committee
to Work for the Restoration of the Proposed Legislative
Cut of the SUNY Budget, much of this bitterness was
channelled into constructive action on the part of the
students and faculty.

This committee, under the chairmanship of Harold

.Lynne, Worked throughout the weekend distributing f’ ‘\

fact sheets, urging students to contact their parents,
local school boards and anyone else who might be able
to exert pressure on the legislators, publicizing the
SUNY budget issue through local newspapers, radio

the march.
Most of the initial preparation for the march had
been done by a group of students at the New Campus.

  

a.

An Open Letter to Students and overwhelming majority of the stu-

FUWIIW dents in these residences were in
We would like to take this oppor- favor or a march

tunity to express our appreciation

and Eralllllde to each and eVery stU- Provisional Council, being the~

dent and facuul’ member Who Par- elected representatives of the stu-

ticlpated in the protest mar‘chonlhe dent body, felt that if a majority of

CﬁPIQOI laSl MondRY- its constituents were in favor of a
Regardless 0‘ the 911605. 1‘ 3'er march, then it was the Council’s

that the march had on the legisla- responsibility to reverse itseariier

and appearance will definitely be a ganize the march.
source of pride to the university
for many years to come. Most of the groundwork had al-

Provisional Council, in its initial ready been laid by the group at the
plan of action, had rejected the pos-- New Campus. To these people, we
sibillty of a march; ll was felt that would like to extendahearty"Tliank
amarch couldhavenopositlvebene-’your: {or the fantastic amount at"
iits whereas pressure through the work they did,
voters might be influential.

However, a group of students at Also, we would like to thank the
the New Campus, under the direction members of Provisional Council and
of their dorm presidents, took the MYSKANIA {or their cooperation in
initiative and began organizing 3. making the university’s protest a
mal'Cll.-They took a poll in the'resi- SUCCESS

dence halls and discovered that an Joe Mohay-Harold Lynne

great deal of bitterness on this campus last week. 
‘3.

PRO COUNCIL CHAIRMAN Joe Malta
favor of taking action againstthe proposed Budget Cut legislation.

<.

> J W
.Vlmﬁ

' . l2:45 pm. Monday, April 5,
and televis1on, and making the final preparations for swing around the fr
ings.

    
  

 

Harold Lynne
...Universi ty Spokesman

  

I965  ON THE SECOND of the iourney around the capitol, Morchers
out of the building and head their orderly processions back to the main build-

 

‘ March Inspires University

Eleven hundred members of this university showed
. the change that has come. over the campus in, roughly,
the last six months. Students and faculty combined for
several hours last Monday to complete a successful
march in protest of a cause they all held in common.

Although the \march was organized and publicized
in a comparatively short space of time, it proved to
be very well done. It was indeed a “uniquely orderly
and well-disciplined” attempt on the part of the entire
university community to demonstrate in defense of
academic excellence.

Surrounding the event of the march was an aura of
hesitancy emanating from many aspects of the student
body and faculty. Various conflicting opinions con-.
cerning the relevancy and effectiveness of a march
were continually discussed. However, by the time the
march began from Draper Hall, we detected an in-
tangible attitude in the air. one of alacrity and per-
severance. We could almost see the bonds of apathy
being shaken off, producing an enthusiastic throng.

The fact that many faculty members marching in

Y 59"“"5 '° 'l‘e “""c" l" support of a student-initiated idea served to create a

real understanding between two groups that normally
carry on nothing but “dialogue.” Pride in the goals
of the State University of New York at Albany produced
an animation and desire to see the issue through on all
sides.

Administrative support for the protest of the budget
slice was the necessary addition for the complete
success of the united venture. From our point of view,
the new identity of the university is a heartening one.
It only takes a spark, such as the one ignited Mondayl
to infect the entire community with a new willingness
to consider the aims of the university as worthwhile
ones.

As members of the ASP staff marched in the ranks
of the protesters, we discerned a definite optimistic
outlook on the part of so many usual cynics. This can
only work for the good of university relationships.

The march was a success. It was made such by the
efforts of both students and faculty. We conclude that
an apathetic giant has finally woken up to the issues
around him, and we greet that new “individual” with
the hope that it is more than just an action “full of
sound and fury, signifying nothing.”

[hf i ~ '- r Aux”.

   

92

    

 

. m v ur \. , 
2:15 .on. Monday, April 5, 1965  SPOKESMAN LYNNE quot" some figures in reply to o ques-
tion rorn Senate Majority Leader Joseph Zoretski. Lynne spoke before a ioint Legislative com-
mittee at a public hearing to relate the strong feelings existing on.this campus against the budget
slice.

 

 

 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 

  
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
    

- « ~...~».....-.- ;

  
   
   
  
    
      
        
      
        
     
    
        
 

