 

 

 

'i

Virtually everyone living in Stuyvesant Tower pro- » v
' ‘ ' vorable opinions regarding the view from
most ~floors of die tower. Students marvel at the im-
» provement of lathe‘tower compared to Waterbury and
especially the old group houses. ~

. Th"tower is set in a series of suites. As one ‘
» arrives on a given ﬂoor from the elevator or from 
the stairs. one is in a centrally located area. 'At the >
‘ 'two ends of a small hall there are doors leading to
 the suites. There arefour suites on each floor.
If a floor is an elevator stop. there is a lounge
and two. four mhn suites and two six man suiteq.;:0n
the other ﬂoors there is no lounge and four six man
' suites. '  '
. Many of the lounges have television sets. The
n lounge in'the Potter section features the only color  _ 
television in the tower. Where a irateirziviitgioccliapies H ,_ .
an area. the lounge will tend to be ille pa es, J g * _
.v'banners. and, especially in Potter's case. many  i  W  f
.‘ tro hies. : v . l_ 
1 ill/lost of the students interviewed complained of Elie I l T“  ' 1M V
isolation of the‘new'campus and remarked that 6 THE w." "d o, "n “m THE E ‘
'- r I absence of 8. Snack Bar is felt almost universally. JymEicpgomgl‘eEszngrlhe second residence quod- to the locsrieeTErllﬁi'int?glitcifigri'13:: TriersgLriEwﬁhg'ifceTQThezholhTs 
Several of the men in fraternities said that rushing ranglo can be seen in this series 0' PiC'W“. "04""! in from the motels. g ished on the.western-mest academic building.
' has been more .difficult, but again, conditions were One. man complained that there is no Jake’s, no >
Walt’s and no Joe’s near the new campus. Another

.. .‘nww—rvhﬁquwyww -.-.~ ‘

 u ,

STUYVESANT TOWER was occupied long hetero the workwe-
linished. The hanging scaffold remains for window cleaning.
The world's biggest flower pots hold fully grown tre‘ s.

:Av‘ «rm 3.3.34 ' 3“

u

.w “paw-'w‘ '. .

 

 expected to improve when most everyone is living on
. the same campus. *

None of the many suites, had the six desks in the
so—called study area. At least two and as many as all
six desks were moved into the “sleeping” rooms by
the students.

The reactions of students who lived in the low rise

commented that participating in AMIA sports was
difficult because it means an extra trip to the old
campus. .

Freshmen were unable to compare previous col-
lege experiences, but their views were fully as vocal
as the upperclassmen.

ll
‘ The Frosh. like the upperclassmen. complained of H l.
the number of hours spent each week on the buses, I“ u“
“no matter what any survey shows.” "l 

The rooms tended to be crowded because of the ‘
3 presence of desks in the sleeping rooms. One fresh
; said he thought the unofficial sports program on the
: new campus was great.

Students do a good deal of cooking on the new cam- ' -
.puS. Many import food. Cans and boxes of food m"  i'.
:could be seen all over. There were several empty .l l
 boxes from Andy’s pizza. |

Col. Waiter Tisdale, Assistant to the President

for Plant Planning. at Monday’s weekly press con-
, ference stated that a great deal of planning has been
' done to provide for student needs and comfort.

He pointed out that his office is eager to hear con-
 structive complaints from the students living in the
7 tower and in the low-rise residence halls. He stated
. that a remarkable job had been done so far.

He said that there have to be rough spots and he
‘ admitted that there have been some mistakes. He said

that the staff of the Tower is almost completely new
men. Some will not make the grade, but the funds are
available for additional workers if they are needed.
Accidents caused by the slipperiness of the tubs
have been dealt with. Phone calls were made and
letters were written within 24 hours of the first ac—
cident report. Rough strips will be placed on the tub
floors to prevent accidents in the future. This is one I
example of the efficiency of dealing with complaints
when they are brought to the attention of the right
people.

new campus residence halls were noted. Several stu—
dents said that it was much quieter in the tower be-
cause of the absence of a central study lounge with
eight surrounding rooms.

Those non-affiliated students who lived on the same
floor as 18 fraternity men shared the views of fra-
ternity men that the situation was not desirable. The
problems were those of lacking common interests.
The independents do feel at home with the Greeks,
and they tend not to know the men a floor or two above
who are also independent.

Many students said that they were hoping the new
library could be opened for study purposes. Their
complaints were based on the absence of comfortable

V I 7 study areas outside their own suites. The U-lounge is

V t x s; V   I I V' ‘ g _ . comfortable to sit in, but the tables are the wrong

.j  ' -  ' - V height for studying. (These tables were not intended

a y '.   ' _ to be, used as desks and are being used stop-gap

3% ~ ‘ ,  p» _ I , A » fashion.)

- .r " One active independent complained that the presence

of the Greeks with their self-centered interests de—

tracts from general interest in Tower projects such
as the Christmas sing.

THIS VIEW OF THE ACADEMIC “will” is from any angle. This picture was taken from
approximately three months old. The changes '5‘. “we, bun”.
in the appearance of the buildings can be seen

~N.A.‘.._.-um .AMu..~_~

,,,_.._...‘._..~.~w--v.- Mg..- . ﬂ. .4 _  

THE TOWER AT NIGHT reveals who is study- top most section' of the tower is a recreation
mg and who spends all his time asleep. The lounge, which is close to two stories in height.

THE FIRST ROOM in the s lie is th d i d i t d . t
move at least two of the desl‘r‘s into the.o‘lll:r £2.32.“ 0' s u y M” "NM"

FROM THE TOP FLOOR lounge at Stuyvesant Towwr, one can see further than of Alban i th  t . . - , _
"om "I. 60",“, Am“ E. 5mm. 5"". cm" alluding. This vhw includ“ “w of “w Ian’:udi"ou':i‘5“it'llSLxSIIs'xlﬁﬁngmg'szanua, then More :5 extension li:\"h’1ETAl. ENCASED carklzoord slI‘IP goes along the walls so that decorations can
water tower in the lower right section, early stages of the landscaping, and a view ' “"9 "P-

 

