 

 

..

The Editors ,have‘ decided to include

18' special feature because of the 'rapid
{increase in peptic ulcers foreseen in the
,near future. All dormitories have prom-
iised to cooperate by making their food
"as bland as possible. Mr. Corbiey, Di-

, rector of Food Service. has indicated
1, that they have been practicing this tech-
‘nique for several years. and are now
.close to perfecting it.

. While the meal schedule is important,
‘the prescribed medicine is vital. The,
IMedical Office will supply the required
.amounts upon the presentation of the
{proper forms, filled out in triplicate,
and signed by the attending physician,
the dorm director, a resident assistant,
two roommates. and six witnesses.

The medicine is newly patented and
highly potent drug which goes under the
trade name of Cepacol.

GENERAL DIET DIRECTIONS

1. The following directions are prepared to make it
easy for you to follow a "timetable" of meals, "in-
between meals” and medicine. By taking your milk
and cream, and, later, your milk and cream and
\regular meals according to the schedule, the acid
in the stomach will be reduced and adequate nourish-
‘ ment will be provided.

2. Do not eat foods that stimulate the stomach to
excessive secretion of acid. Coffee, tea, and dice-
holic drinks should not be taken. The use of tobacco
should be discontinued or sharply curtailed.

3. Eat foods thaiiare soft and smooth to avoid irri-
tation of the lining of the stomach. Uncooked fats are
desirable — especially butter, cream and olive or
“salad” 011. They have a high food value and de-
press acid secretion in the stomach.

4. Rest of mind and body is Important. Do not worry;
rest whenever possible. or as directed. Follow your
diet and medicine timetable faithfully and these di-
rections carefully. Above all, take everything with a
pralnof salt. '

(for the hrs a a...)

Take 1/2 glass of a mixture of half milk a... half
cream eVery hour from 7 rim. to 9 p.m. Take all
your medicine regularly as directed.

IMPORTANT: it is absolutely necessary that
ou follow this daily schedule at the prescribed
ours; Failure to do so will seriously retard your

beset/cry. It may even be necessary to return to
let I.

DIET ii
(for the next '7 days)
Typical daily schedule:
Before breakfast—take one dose of your medicine
with 1/4 to 1/2 glass of water or milk-cream mix-

ture.

Every one to two hours—take some kind of nour-
ishing and delicious food such as 1/2 glass of milk-
cream mixture with crackers or a modest portion
of pureed vegetables. Take one dose of your medicine
with 1/4 to 1/2 glass ofwaterormiik-cream mixture.

At mealtimes—eat a choice of lamb or liver with
custard for dessert. Milk may also be taken with
the meal. Take one dose of your medicine with the
milk-cream mixture.

DIET ill
(a convalescent diet for the succeeding days)

Before breakfast—take one dose of your medicine
with 1/4 to 1/2 glass of water. .

Every few hours—take one ‘dose of your medicine
with water or milk.

At mealtimes-eat nourishing eggs, crisp toast,
and stewed fruits.

Before retiring—take one dose of your medicine
with water or milk.

It is important to follow Diet lll aslong as directed.
It will be made more liberal as your condition im-
proves. Take a dose of your medicine as directed
during the night.

Faithful adherence to the instructions printed herein
should result in alleviation .of the condition within at
least 17 weeks. By that time you should be well ready
to face the 1965 spring exam and ulcer season.

REMEMBER: Adequate rest, both physical and
mental, is important to your recovery. Regularity
of habits should be carefully practiced.

SOME STUDENTS ABSOLUTELY refuse to follow diet directions.
Their continued consumption of forbidden foods will force them
to stay on Diet l for at least3 weeks.

January Blues   --

Last year, as midyear exams were approaching, Dr. Elizabeth Pope,
Mills College professor of English, distributed this message to parents:

“Courses are drawing to a close in a flurry of reports and long
papers; final examinations loom; tempers shorten; faces lengthen;
tensions tighten; and, to make matters worse, cold weather and pour-
ing rain have settled like a pall over every aspect of life. Physical
and psychological ills develop in the damp like mold or fungus. Most
of the girls will think they have a cold (some of them will be right); and
all of them will want to creep away and die in a quiet spot where people
can come and be sorry for them.

“Any date between the sixth of January and the fourth of February is
a good time for an extra letter, a pot of hyacinths, an unexpected check,
a new blouse or scarfto wear to exams for luck, a long-distance telephone
call (cheerful in character), or a special expression of trust and affec-
tion.”

Back came this reply from a father:

“Federal taxes are drawing to a close in a flurry of documents and
long papers; tuition bills loom; tempers shorten; faces lengthen and
checkbooks flatten; budgets tighten; and, to make matters worse, county
and state taxes have settled like a pail over every aspect of life. Physi-
cal ills and Christmas bills develop in the damp like mold or fungus.
Most of the parents will feel they are financially ruined (some of them
will be right); and all of them will want to creep away and die in a quiet

 

poi.

“This is a good time for an extra letter with no requests, a pot of
forget-me-nots, a long—distance telephone call paid at the source, a
special expression of trust in the nation's financial future, or even an
unexpected check."

From the Reader’s Digest

 

' ‘rooos You MUST AVOID ‘

1. Citrus fruits, corn on the cob,
onions, cherries, apples, grapes,
and gooseberries.

CDisoover the dg'ﬁrerence in the

 

NEW FEATURE in the non is his endly rilla who ever-
ees operations from his vantage point above the potato chip rack.
en he first appeared he gave special notice that "Yes, we have

h fried ban

enc

ones!" The demand for french fried bananas for

xeeeded the supply, and the special offer was discontinued.

oreee Blowout (rare Hits Virginia;
esy-te-Assernltle Kit: New Available

That true enterprise is not dead
as revealed last week when aletter
ame through the mails offering kits
r the manufacture and sale of
nuine Borneo Blowguns.

The Blowguns are six feet long
d shoot darts which are reputed
o be able to penetrate "5/8 inch
lywood...or a copy of Popular Sci-
nce. Many...can split a dart con-
istently at 15 feet."

This unique business enterprise
5 being offered by a man who
la ms that "Borneo Blowguns are
eally selling around Charlottes-
ille. Since mid-August over 50 guns
. d 30 dozen darts have sold around
he University of Virginia—without
 avertisins."

Market Unexp Iolted

The man writes, “l_’m a 30—year
ld graduate student with a wife and
our kids to support. Financially a

could produce cheaply and simply
that might sell. In blowguns 1 found
an unexplolted market."

The kits, which sell for $17.50,
include 5 tubes of the finest alum-
inum, 5 quality rubber rnouthpleces,
vinyl material for handles, trim
tape, double—bladed dart needles
of Sheffield steel, and cork for
stabilizing the darts’ flight.

$5.00 Retail Price

Finished guns, complete with 3
darts, sell for $5.00. Extra darts
are 25¢ apiece.

Business possibilities on this
campus appear to be excellent, as
Borneo Blowguns are in short supply
here.

Anyone interested in cashing in
on this new campus fad can get full
information from Ruth Whiting,
president of the Albany State Outing

 

A three-member panel/under the

v auspices of Student Education Asso-
ciation presented a discussion on the.

topic “What is Expected of the
Teacher?" last Thursday evening in
ru. '»

Panel participants were Mr. Her-
bert Cakes, Math Methods instruc-
tor, and Milne supervisor;Mr.,Ken-
neth Fliescher, President of theNew
York Congress of Parents and
Teachers in the Albany District; and
Mr. Paul Saimond, off-campus stu-
dent teacher supervisor for Social
Studies.

Oakes spoke with the viewpoint of
a principal, Saimond spoke as a
teacher, and Fleischer spoke giving
the PTA point of view. Bob Gibson
moderated the panel discussion.

Community Relations

The first topic of discussion was
the question of community respon-
sibility to the teacher. Fliescher
replied that it is the job of the
parents in the district to welcome
the first year teacher to a place
in the community.

At the same time, it is a good
idea for the teacher to contribute
effort, leadership, and dynamic ac-
tion to the community. Teachers
should know as much about the chil-
dren they deal with both in and out
of the classroom.

Oakes stressed the fact of teacher
contribution to the school asawhole,
while Saimond thoughtthat above all,
the teacher should exercise his best
judgement.

The second point discussed was
that ofthe role ofthe parent influence
in education. The PTA viewpoint
recognized the fact that the parent
should not in any way influence hir-
ing or firing of teachers, or tell the
teacher “how to teach."

Private Conferences

It is the parents obligation to show
enough interest and be willing to
participate in private parent-teach-
er conferences. Parents usually ex-
pect the teacher to show loyalty to
the school administration and school
board. The parent should be re-
quired to do the same.

Teachers are not . expected to
distribute inner-faculty conflicts as
general information around the com-
munity. They are expected to prac-

°I| Responsibilitiesa.

ready to defend their opinions in.
the face of opposition.

It is important that the parent
understands the implications of the
marking system. No grade is purely
a numerical average, but an over-
all evaluation.

Teacher and Politics
In reply to the subject of the
teacher's role in politics, Saimond
said that the teacher must be care-
ful not to “step on political toes.”
As a professional, Oakes said that
the teacher must evaluate the effect
of political ambitions on his per-
formance in the classroom.
F'tiescher stressed the impor-
tante of “the fine art of govern—
ing.” By this, he discussed the ways
in which various civic groups will
attempt to obtain the teachers sym-
pathy and influence for the com-
munity cause.
The last point covered was in

Play Review...

(continued /rom page I)

Schisgal, currently the darling of
New York’s well-heeled avant-garde
with his play "Luv," brings to“The
Tiger” and “The Typists" the tech-
nique, the humor, and the final
vacuity of Pop.

Mockery of Mackery

"The Tiger" features Tim Atwell
and Christine Smith as an intellec-
tual with a predilection for the
primitive (or vice-versa) and a
hypocritical housewife from sex-
starved Suburbia. The "tiger," at-
tempting to rape the housewife,
ends up being raped himself —
and, in the process, a whole string
of cliches accumulate and effect
a mockery of stale attitudes and
a mockery of mockery itself.

Jon Barden and Diane Somer-
ville, in “The Typists," play two
empty people with empty hopes,
fears, and ambitions, who move
from mindless youth to doddering
old age in the course of the play.
This growth (accomplished with oc-
casionally obtrusive changes in
clothing and make-up) and the de-
liberately agonizing slow pace of
the final minutes are, to Schisgal,
“all in a day’s work.”

Dramatic Experience “Stralgh

The Studio Theatre, with its stuf-

'Ir

connection with discipline. I

as a Principal, advised keeping
pupils busy toelirninate minor prob-
lems, and to keep include contact .
with the guidance department over
problem cases. it is alsorimportsnt
to adopt the attitude that as a

_ teacher you won't tolerate any dis-

cipline problems.

Conduct Important

As a teacher, Salmond said it is
up to the teacher to affect a Valid
mode of conduct in relation to your
students. l-‘lrmness, consistency,
and fairness are three qualities
most likely to be incorporated into
the teachers discipline.

Student records should not in-
fluence the teachers evaluation of
the student to any great degree.

In closing, professional partici-
pation in organizations such as the
PTA is important to teacher-com-
munitv relations.

setting for "The Typists" in par-
ticular — but for those who don't
like their dramatic experience
“straight,” it’s apt to be an un-
comfortable few minutes.

Of the two pieces. “The Typists"
was the better acted and "The
Tiger“ the better play — Tim
Atwell and Christine Smith, while
delivering some extremely funny
lines, seemed to fight a running
battle with self—consciousness. Jon
Barden overcame an initial uncer-
tainty and eventually matched Diane
Somerville’s fine job of rendering
straight-faced speeches that drip
with self-satire.

No Coherent Thesis

One looks in vain for a coherent
thesis in either play; instead we
find all'ideas reduced to cliches
that cancel each other out and we
are left, at the end, with the strange
feeling that nothing has been said.
"The Tiger" is a wither play, but
then the destruction of disoourse is
more complete.

Parallels to the "Absurd Thea-
tre" of lonesco or Albee suggest
themselves - but Schisgal's humor
is gentler, not as relentless or hit-
ter. As with much of Pop Art, there
is the feeling that Schisgal enjoys
the cock-eyed world he is describ-
ing. '

3'6rifefggrﬁeggﬁflczxznﬁrglg %::_ tlce professional ethics, and be
gano. You may use salt.

3. Hamburgers, french fries,pizza,
submarine sandwiches, tortillas,
steak, goulash, chili, pretzels, po-
tato chips, and french fried bananas.
4. Wheaties, Cocoa Crispies,
Shredded Wheat, Raisin Bran, Trix,
Cherrlos, Rice Krispies, and Sugar
Smacks.

5. Whiskey, Scotch,Hedrik’s,Bour-
hon, and tea.

Director James Leonard with his
usual imaginativeness and good
sense of pacing, together with Pro-
duction Designer John Moore's de-
lightfully flimsy sets (less dazzling
and distracting than some of his
previous designs), makes of these
plays a good evening’s entertain-
ment. "Modern" enought, but (like
Pop Art) nothing to be taken too
awfully seriously.

l—Greek News

Phi Delta

The sisters of Phi Delta extend
best wishes to recently married
sisters liarb Townsend and Nancy
Butlnnun. Best wishes also go forth
to Kate LeRuy and Bobbi Joslin
who becmne engaged over the bolt-
days.

Acting Pro-snith Loretta Gusbertl
announces that a beer party will be
held on February 6, 1965.

nmvmc Iﬁiucnff

in your spare time
after classes

ad itu .
. s anon I wonder“ What I rfy intimacy, is a highly appropriate
i ,

’65 (As (11' inch! for”. other cars
 j] j as [/on are/ion! (lac/r other) - NYLON
.2 ' . V s. I I , -I h ' - . " ‘ .1" " h ‘ i I i ’ A O  '-  1 

YEAR ‘ROUND FAVORITE skiing
a...

“a.”

or

Office work In Europe I: interesting

SUMMER JOBS
IN EUROPE

(irund Duchy of Luxembourg

You cnn curn $300 if month
workingr in Europe next summer.
The Americnn Student Informa-
tion Service is also givingr truch
grunts of $1500 to the first 5000
upplicunts. Paying jnlns in Eu-
rope include ofﬁce work, resort,
salt-s, farm, fnctory, child cure
nnd shipboard work just to men-
tion it fcw. Job and truvel grant
applications and complete details
urc available in u lid-page illus-
trutcd booklet which students
n’iuyl Obllilln by! sending; $2 (for Apply
i ii: 100i ct an ulrmni data m
to Dept. .1, A818, 22 Allc. (ltl’ll’t ABC A‘"° BMW 5‘5"”
Lilli-rte, Luxembourg City,Grund l85 N. A 0" s'- r
Dlucihy of Liirlxerpdbonrg.lntcrcstﬁd (bet. Wash., 5. Cent. Ave.)
is utcnts s on write immcr -
“my, 438-0853

FOODS YOU MAY EAT

just enjoying
the

1. Canned bananas, white cherries,

and stewed prunes.

2. Soft-boiled eggs and boiled po-

13.1095.

3. Lamb, - l. .

swee'b-reads' and OYSLers' H ‘ Chevrolet lm ala S orl C014 2

aim“ “"9” “ce'am’ “mm” CHEVROLET-As roomy a car as Chevrolet’s ever burlt. p p p

5- Rice “Ud’img' 9”“ Whip: “‘5' When you take in everything, there's more room inside moved forward to give you more foot room. So, besides

mm: “id hard Sugar C°°k‘°5- this car than in any Chevrolet as far back as they go. It’s the way a '65 Chevrolet looks and rides, we now have
wider this year and the attractively curved windows help one more reason to ask ou: What do you get by paying

ﬂ9% e’s been more for a car—except igger monthly payments?
as b «
©© M

g5 SHOES
Quality, Shoes
. For

Womenyg  '
Men, Children

liver, scraped beef, ;. W- 

winter weather

 

Nylon @ $5.98

able

 

Comfort

Warm
Must have, or presently taking

Driver Ed 2]

 

 Also a heavy Poplin hooded Jacket
with full zipper front
and styled with 2 gold stripes

 

 

@ DOUBTING THOMAS?

$9.50

 

VCorvair Coraa Sport Coupe  L  7
CORK/UR fThe only rear engine Aqwrlcan car: made. » , . U NOBTIC
You should read what the automotive magazines say“ can Lduc’h its latyling. They say if -‘ you 'lhaveri’t driven a
about the ’65 Corvair. They're wild about its ride. They new Corvair Con-so with a 180-bp Six Turbo-Chaaamged!
think there's nothing else this-aide ofthe Atlantic that you just don't know what you’re missing: '
Drive something really new—discover the difference at your Chevrolet dealerfs 
(Mqu - Chowlle - Chevy II - (Jorwur - (km/elm

~11! [rss’slilv‘rﬁlrlnorrlsrlInverrr..u.auyleePerv‘IIItrrv'rer‘ ...._..-..._.

203 Central Ave at the

and
Stuyvesant Plasa

Christianity has more to rflrr than hope. it has poIlIlVl’
proof in the loin: of u MIRACLE. which we: foretold.
. described and it intensely personal: Ark the Religious“

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

Draper: Hall Exl- 129’
' I. ,  freer on-Denomincti nut. Chiui  M t' . W' H n.
135 Western Av’e. ' , I ‘ , - W  ,V‘N.‘ Xv: , r, in  Gran-~eiuu,,°N.r.Vaughan?V , » “
..- . ' ‘1»“ " idly .- 2' :.-. -: '.- t 4  - V ' é .'

t‘ ltlv t.

 

 

 

 ll 5"” ‘i- i I' It I

 

 

1.992 5’9""!!-

 

u................ "shun..." nu... .u. nun” ,,.,... ....

 

 

 

