 
   
   
  
     
  
  

  

  
 

In  scrimmage "games against NOrth Adams Col-
lege, Massachusetts, the Albany diamOndmen registered
atie andua'wm. The scrimmage. held Saturday, April 7
10., on University Field consisted of‘a seven'lnning‘

‘ V TEAM: palm, cite-ayes,wm‘r.

    
  
   
  
  
  
   

 

   
  
  
  
   
  
  

bury, 'rxo, Kappa Beta, Commuters,

' APA, intellects. ‘

 

 

 
 

 

  
     

 

 

 

    
   

 

in

 

 

 

 

 

ii .

 

 
 
 
 

 

 
  
  
   

 

he soon - fled,  i   ,. v
. .  Dtiiilﬂtgiﬂilﬁ tomato! ' A m . .3 than or “w  I . v
-  ‘ the out-ayu-or a:-posaible roll- A m, a a .' n “m” . invited
Jello Fieltlnen V > , ‘ > ,  or V ,
, _ i . University ‘ '

Slighte‘d ?

 

 

 

 

 

 

contest endasix inning contest. Elving both coaches an  . "'iii‘ “""9" ‘ ALB ' ‘ ’ ' ’ ' , ‘ ' ' . ‘ m j : = . .‘
_ -. - : .w. ,-- . , , : , >  ' M a- ANYa NE ‘ ‘ » . ‘,  r-
. , excellentopportunity to look over their squads. $33,?!“ . 3mm” . :31 ' w YORK APRIL 23-1935 ' . i . , VOL. LI N016. '
 ‘ Pod coach Bob Burlin- 83:11.; “it: ttwoirmrifm ﬁlm Sneddon potter . 154 ‘ ’ _ .1 7 - - a   Ir
>y:. ,V I.  ._r w W 4  I _. _ V H t, ,. ‘ , 
. 339;? “égggplgggfeg' m... in... v.  n.  him". £833.: :2. ' "INCH", Honors Convocation V
:. o - 4 I .
«pioneer even though the SH haﬁngicgamﬂ mm m High Triples . ‘ g ' t
' ‘ it 9 ' . , 592 . .
I players had a, little tumble ing, scoring five times on six hits. gammy ' aﬁgr‘bury 535 . C O O ‘ —
in working the signals. -Here is a rundown of the inning: mack“ enemy“ 578 o   c o   I I
, In the first game - I 3-3 tie - Transfer Jay Moore opened up with V I .
State's powerful hurler Danni!l 1Zeh a single and he was moved to second m,“ smg'" , a r I
"an." ' “n” mm "mm" ow" °“ 5°” “an.” Singie' An" Dick . - Am '  n ' " “ Rowe Waterbury 223 The first University Honors Con- 3" the award winners, and of mem- scholastic achievement as aresult
mid??? trdgldthgdxlmbahHSd 3“??? £21.: '11:; “3,13%? VARSITY DIAMONDMEN p"wa to tali- oil into the 1965 boso- Comiiy TKO 222  vocation Will be held in Page Hall be” 0‘ the hmommies on campus. of this and future convocations.
' littl. t p bl with hi rve ball an, on 5“ y boll season while practicing in Poge~gym due to adverse weather w°i°°m° 1’0"" 217 °“ smith April 25 8t 2:30 p.m. F°ii°Wiﬂ8 the Program in Page Headins the Slsnum Laudis troup
' ° '0“ ° 5 c“ ’ Sneddon Potter 217 This event 1s co-sponsored by Hall a reception will be held for i“ “'0le 0“ lmproﬂlmmvebeen

as he gave up three runs in his
brief stint.

Lead 320
The Pods tallied one run in the
first inning, two in the second. The
3-0 and held until the sixth frame
when the Adamsmen scored twice.
The visitors then scored another
run in the seventh, and final inning,

Centerfield Don McGurrin's base
hit tallied two runs and when the

throw-in got away from the North.

.Adams second sacker, Kankolenski
scored. Don Mason's single scored
McGurrin. Dick Kewley walked and
advanced to second on Nick Morris'

passed ball, ending State’s scoring

conditions in Albany area.

History Prof Egelslon:

.. The management of the Paladium
Lanes donated six trophies for the
members of the winning team. Pct-
ter Club's wining members are Len
Sneddon, Al Welcome, Andy Chris-

'commissioner of League II for the

Slgnum Laudis and the University faculty and inViied guests in Bru- Barbara sayer’ Lorraine Bermcu'

Clommlttee don Awards, Denn Den. bacher Lower Lounge. Sharoit‘hmsﬁste'v J°5°ph Kesm’”

r nger coor nated these twogroup's Next to commencement the n 9 versuy committee on

F

igcziénﬁéfrgutoehrw til: ionaocalion Honors Convocation is the mostim- ﬁxffﬁfwetrz‘ Ally-1.12:1? omgs’nlelis'

“y and achievgmeﬁ 50 0 3.5.190 abil- portant ceremony to take place at Mr Ashley 3’ an Din, N0 n'

bers of the errgtnona mem- the university. It. is hoped that Gréenmld “4,5336; ,. be °Eﬂan

- y community. greater recognition will be given to ’ 8e ' m en

Personal invitations willbeissued smkes’ and MI" Reba" Anderson’
to those being honored, amongwhom

   

 
    
   

y on Oppedlsono

to knot the score at 3-3. ior the inning. The final score was
In the first some. 1.2:: Iinfielli‘iﬁr State 'I, North Adams, 2. v   
“Pep” Pizaillo col ec Our 8 The season officially opens with It has be n m, in 1 b
tactile trlpfutofthf Iptlate, half the :6rough FairleighDickinsononApril President tim‘izagﬁzothé ﬁ r313? ttgdogéitetishSZEE: 0  cn| w | 
v arno oeg. u. ‘ . y are cling
league baseball season. Here. at State. however, this 0,, Tuesday afternoon, Aprn 6,

pinch-hit, Mason taking third on the ’ t ' , i‘tilil’IillilmgliFigzggggsr Don MCGur
play. Mason promptly scored on a a e s .  a Mike Connolly of TXO will be the . .
b D are members of all honoraries,  c   A
/ freshmen on Dean’s List, upper-  0
V, _ classmen with 8.0 cumulative aver- 
,.  r_ ages, and the top ten freshman and

O O ,
soglfﬁlggggmic processionoiahout   

sixty selected faculty members in

1965766_ season.

       

 
   
  

   
 

 
 

 

Jim Nass was State's starting

 

 

 

M259”. .. . «pi-«s

pitcher for the second game, and
he worked a creditable four innings.
He stuck out ‘four batters and gave
up only two runs. ,
North Adams led off with a pair

AMIA officials recently announced
that the planned track most will be
held on Sunday, April 25, at approx-
imately 2:00 p.m., when a registra-
tion period for team and invidual
events will t_ak_e place. ,

 

of runs in the first two frames to

_ ASP
than 

*ﬁﬂtﬂtlﬂ

 

 

 

 

THE

Team up

“CHAMP
of the
CAMPUS”

BilllllSlilllE ““

to present the

50% Kodal' Polyester
50% Combed Cotton.

  
   

honor has gone. over the last tenyears.to Mrs. Martha
Egelston,.who, without a doubt, has been State’s most
loyal baseball supporter

Mrs. Egleston, who lives
at 61 Northgate Dr., Al-
bany, is an Assistant Pro-
fessor of history. and has
been a member of the Fac-
ulty Staff-since 1929.

during the fifteen years._

Mrs. Egelston says that she has
been interested in baseball all her
life, and was particularly interested
when her husband and older son
were ball players. Here at Albany,
she attends all the Pad home games
and a good share of the away games

Mrs. Egelston said that the best
ball player she has ever seen, at
State was Peter Spins, a big left-
handed pitcher, with a high kick
and a good fast ball. Spina was on
the varsity for four years, from
1957-1960; during that course of
time, he pitched and won three
opening day games.

Son to Pitch

This year Mrs. Egelston will be
particularly interested in the fresh-
man team since her son will be one
oi the pitchers on the team.

As for the varsity, she thinks
that the club will be a .500 ball
team. She stated that Jim Nass, a
pitcher up from last year’s fresh-
man team, should be a big help.
She also stated that Dan Zeh is
one of the best potential pitchers
on the club. “if he can get con-
trol he could be a fine pitcher.”

When silo was asked why she
likes baseball so much, she re-
plied by stating: “It is so beauti-
ful, especially the drills that pre-
cede the game. You might even say
that it was a natural ballet. Base-
ball offers ll chance for individuals
to distinguish themselves and for
a team to act like one unit."

, Art and Skill
“1 like, especially, die art oi

the WAA all-star volleyball game
was played between the gals in the
Tuesday afternoon league and the
gals in the Thursday afternoon
league.

The Thursday league came out
victorious, having capped two out
of the three games. 0n the cham-
pion Thursday team were 'Harolyn
Bergendahl, Kathy Farnsworth,
Karen Koch, Christine Massal,
Joyce Swain, and Bernadine Whalan.

Basketball

In the Thursday night basketball
league, the sisters oi Psi Hamma
triumphed over Blocker bytheclose
score oi 25-19. Kathy Farnsworth
paced the winners with a nifty 15
point output. She was followed in
the scoring column by Mary Lewis
and Sue Judge.

Sigma Alpha was awarded a for-
feit win over Kappa Delta. The
playoff game to decide the WAA
basketball champsionshlp will be
between Psi Gamma and Sigma Al-
pha and will take place onThursday,

 

 g
©©®$§§

. SHOES

Quality Shoes
For

 

 v, , I , l 2 IV
FORMER MYSKANM MEMBER prepares

,i‘}
L

 

to be hit by a sponge as

part oi the show staged by that august body each year at their

booth.

Annual State Fair to lecture
Show, Organilotion Booths

State Fair, the annual
fund raising drive to sup-
port a foreign exchange
student, will begin tomor-
row at 1- p.m. in Pierce
Hall when Gamma Kappa
Phi will present the kick-
off show.

The presentation is entitled “You
Are There" and will satirically de-
pict famous historical events. The
show will be held on Pierce Stage
with a twenty-five cent admission.

Following the performance, all
booths will be open. Appearing again
in the Fair this year, will be the old
MYSKANIA's sponge throwing booth.
This booth permits any student, who
pays a nominal fee, the right to
throw titres wet sponges at any
Myskle member.

Phi Delta
Phi Delta is scheduled to hold its
annual slave auction in which the
sisters of the sorority are sold to
the highest bidder to do various
prescribed tasks.

costs to Greece.

In addition, money is allocated to
a representative from the Univer-

sity who will study overseas.
The University supplements the
costs for the exchange students.

Fair Held Outside

In a departure from previous
years, the Fair will be held out-
side. Miss Young explained that this
was ln keeping with the location of
most fairs.

Ii rain should dampen the spirit
oi the Fair the booths will bemoved
inside Brubacher and Alden Halls.

 

caps and gowns Wm open the pm_ , The proposed ilnal draft N the nomy over Greek matters, but that
gram The Statesman Wm furnish new student governmentconstitution acttons taken outside the realm at
the convocntton Wm, a musmallm was approved at the ProViSiOHBl specific Greek affairs would be
,erlude. Council meeting Wednesday night. subject to review by the Central
590cm AWN,“ This constitution will be voted on in Councth
several Special awards Wm be aschool-widereierendum whichwili
announced by Barbara Sayer, Pres- be he” somenme “9’” Week- Ratiﬁcation WWW“
ident of signum Laudls, and Dr. The exact date 01 the referendum Tile new constitution, if ratified,
Arthur comns’ chmrman of the was determined at especial meeting will go tnto effect upon the inaugu.
University Committee on Awards, 0‘ "i9 COWC” he'd iaSl ﬂight guratlon oi the newly elected Stu-
Slgnum Laudis will present the The ""31 ("all Gillie c(Institution dent Association officers. Ratifica-
ten achievement awards to soph_ was submitted by the Constitution tton requires ntwo-thtrds amt-ma-
omores and freshmem The Ada Drafting Committee, Comprised 0i tlve vote with at least twenty per
Craig Walker award will be giVen Frank Crowley. Gene Tobey. Art cent of Student Association voting;
to the senior woman who best rep. JOhnSton! and Gary 598111113“. it In eifect,the ratification provision
resentsthe ideals of the university. was this committee's "is" to 0“ 0f the new constitution will extend
A Junior man consmeted to have aanize all the reports andproposals the life of Provisional Council be—
a definite aptitude in school admln- 0‘ “‘9 “"0115 Pm COW" wm- yond the May Ideadllneprovidedior
istratlon will receive the Wheelock mmees “no one consmmon- iii last MﬂI‘Ch'S Constitutional
Scholarshm There were few maior Changes amendment. This extension was
A tmdmcn to be followed m suc_ made by the drafting committee. made because the Pro Council feltit
ceedmg convocations Wm be a One change which inspired consld- was impracttcal to attempt to or-
speech of scholastic nature given erable discussion on the floor was gamze a“ the commtsston areas.
by an eminent scholar oranalm-nnus "‘9 lPClUSion Oi a Pl‘OVlSlon for B and the Central Council in the next
noted for academic research. This Panllellenic Came“. week.
year it was considered appropriate
to ask President Evan n. Collins P°""B”°"‘c CWM” Flnancial Committee Report
to give the address. The structure of this Panhelleulc The final reports of the ﬁnance
A souvenir program [or the con- comic” W35 lOFmUlaieii by ESPEClai committee were submitted to Pro
vocauon W1” comm“ the names of comlnittee which had been appointed Council, In the next few days, the
to examine the problem of relating Council must review the decisions

   the Greeks to student government. of this committee and decide u H

To Give Lecture

Dr. Harry Levin, Chairman of the
Department of Comparative Litera-
ture at Harvard University, willde-
liver a lecture today at 1:25 p.m.
in Page Hall on the subject of “The
Names in Shakespeare."

Considered to be aShakespearean
scholar, Dr. Levin is presenting his
lecture as an extension of the Ren-

This committee, consistingofmem- concurs mm the additions and re-
. bars of Pro Council and represenia- ductions in the various Ol‘ganiza-
 m  tllves from lFS-ISC, was chaired by tions' budgets.

William Laundry. Also included in tile finance com-
was cancelled and is being We. There was little controversyover mittee report was a report of the
sented today, on the 4015i anniver- “‘9 ‘30mmlii99'5 Pi‘OPDSRl thilth‘etEk investigation into the signing of the
sal'y of the birth of Willlilm Shakes- 1”" 0“ “‘15 campus Shall be related YGBI'DOOK 00mm“ {0" 1965-06 The
pear& to student government through Pan- investigation had been undertaken

bellenic Council, which would serve because Steve Curti Yearbook Edi.

pmhuo, a, Hana", as the coordinating body of the ln- tor, had signed the, contract prior

Dr. Lev“, has taught English at terfraternity and Intersorcrlty to the Council’s approval of the
Harvard on both the undergraduate Councils. yearbooks ’05-'66 budget.'l‘he Com-
and graduate levals. Several Gyms Tile proposal that Panllellenic mlttee, feeling that there was some
seminars ,mve‘wncemed Shakes_ Council be represented on Central conflicting testllnony,recommended

alssance Symposium, held at SUNYA penm‘ and Shakespearean crmcism Council by two votlngmelnbel'spre- that the matter
if any auctioneer gets out of hand earlier this year. At that tllno var- In “damn”, Dr_ Levin has tau‘ght cipltated lunch debate. it was finally KANIA for forth: litesrslfgsti’ozlﬁa
he may he corraled in Chi Sigma ious “Spams 0”“9 Renaissanceti'i' courses on American mutton Passed, with the understanding that any possible punitive action deemed
Theta's jail. Tile sisters will be ciii‘liiiﬂm‘t."111510,Elcienccilndphll... wruers, and Elizabethan Contem- the Greeks shall retain their auto- necessary '
policing tllo Fair to jail desperate osoi’ily Wore ‘llscussed- poi'arlos of Shakespeare. I ~ - ~ ' . \
criminals. ‘

SWEAT SHIRTS

  
    
   
 
   
  
   
 
  
 

pitching, because there is so much Women, >
skill involved and is very exciting I

Men, Children

 
 

to watch. Big man inlght appear
awkward in small rooms, but when
you put them on a baseball field,

i
l they become very graceful in doing 
the things that is required oithem."  Central Ave 

,- FOR ALANY STATE ..  . ......

ﬁfthif."b.2521?°il.fftl.i‘fioiiz and
i; “so Easter Cards
 ' at the ws "A _

west. Now she likes the Mats and Stuyvesant Plaza  Clam Show
STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE ,Silv" Dollar Radio,

um thtkels “miss lilgyﬂllil‘301‘tlll: . V" The Fair will conclude with u
010585 0 lame. Open Evening. Variety show directed by Ann Dig.
L , Draper Hell ' , Est. 129
185 Western Ave. Albany, NY. 
r

       

However, the scheduled Shakes-

peare lecture [or (he Symposium Receiving ills A.l3. stiinlnn cum

laude from llarvnrd in 1033, Dr.
Levin went on to receive ills Litt.
D. from Syracuse University in
1052, and ills I.L.D. from the Uni-
versity of Saint Andrews in 1962.

Tile wives of faculty will again
hold their bake sale which has proved
quite popular in the post.

 
       

He has delivered lectures at ap-
proximately 100 colleges and unl-
versliios, and has written nine books
in addition to editing eight volumes.
Most ofthase have dealt with Shakes-
pears and llls contemporaries.

    
    

 

l on all others.
Mimth Sums om u“ g on Pierce llnll Stage at 8:45 p.m.
and will feature many students who
perforated ill the All University
Reception.

   

 

    
 

 

    
      
         
    

Ginger Dupell and Doris Young,
co-cllail'liloii of the Fair, indicated
tllut there were many organizations
who had not announced the theme of
their booth.

Writes Extensively
Dr. Levin's most recent article
was entitled "Othello and the Mo-
tive-Hunters.“ it is preceded by

  
      
        
 
       

some seventy other articles dealing
with a multitude of topics. lie has
had book reviews published in sev- .
oral magazines, among them, the  » ' ' ~
“Nation,” “Kenyon Review," "New PRO COUNCiL GOES Into ill "hill "00" i" 5 “NW-"CNN 3"“

York Times Book Review," and the dent Government by voting on tile Final Draft oi the New Student
“Silakaspeare Quarterly.” Govgumnn', “

     

_ They said that they hoped to raise
approxiiiialely $1000 to support
Marin Gaorglopoulos, the foreign
exchange student from Greece, The
money thatisralsodnaysheriuiilon, D“ "a"? l-Wit} I \0
living expenses and transportation -v-5h°ii"l"°l0 I Nomu‘

                  
 

    

  

 

 

 

' be so slhat Mickey
p10 bu“ pmyer's y hay and liosa Koch. It will be held

      
 

  

 

 

     

 

