 

win,” the Albany

iii-country teem upset LeMoyne college. 27-29 last

'1 travel to LeMoyne  g.
, -, V his'harrlers’  .we:ao pted
ly nt

' at the lette‘r's course The barriers" upped their season 'mark‘tolO-lﬂ
. . V. . » ,  in toppingLeMoy‘n‘e, thus tying the team's record for'season'wins.‘Running
5 “2°16” “metro” spit“ were :while “doped up" to ease a severe muscle pull, Stab’syJoe Keating placed ,

 adv/Some it‘Whenme popular coachinformd s‘e‘cond in the meet, six seconds behind winner'Bill Scott. Scott was timed in

20:49 ‘or'rer'the 4.2 mile course
At the. LeMoyne lnvi- '
tational earlier this year,“
LeMoyne placed third to;
the Dana’s fourth. It was
,  > , ~ ' 'on this basis that the]
background wouldcomevihhandy 'LeMoyne» squad was fa-

. When w'etalked to Coach :vored. - ,
 uterine-season 'interViQwr W9 ,came' away LeMoyne's great runner, Bill
believing that he would be-lucky to win'more than a nipple, who won the the ln'vltational
“couple .of meets.” ' The sad part about it is that we 2331315235 emiszhzozzﬁ
actually did believe him. The team is 10-1 right ,mundmas bumper“ hymen“-
now.‘ .  and finished fifth innt‘ht'l‘ llneet‘;
So there we were. riding up to LeMoyne, thinking Pm“ laughing?“ 3° “° ,9 “a;
that we would be on hand for the “mortalization of {Elﬁﬁgmm‘i'i' 3.2235354: yllard'a _
Munsey." behind Keating.

However, LeMoyne bounced back
As we‘drove further west, black clouds (of doom, to cop the am. enld 53x spottsl; _
methought) loomed on the horizon, and the runners Dane Dons Garner p ace seven ~
shivered (like sacrificial lambs, methoughtl at the :3?“:mtf‘gnfgrfoﬁﬂuffsegm:
propsect of stripping for action. scoring,
» M
When we arrived at LeMoyne, Munsey engaged the “semis: win,» citing Keating’s .2 -

said he l'couldn’t get 2

«,1

enemy's coach in psychological warfare_ We noted injury and Bob Mulvey, who ran DANE HARRIER Bola Mulvey is seen running in Washington

with all-lmowingness ‘the incredullty of LeMoyHe’s “'“h a ""15 ‘“‘°°"°"' “5 “"3 "’°"‘- Mu'V'Y " "WM 1° 5*

haclt in shape to! tomorrow's

major factors for his Dre-meet meet alter being ill for' the LeMoyne meet.

coach as Munsey spun his tale of Woe. Little did he pessimism.
know that our number one and number four men
really were in poor shape What’s that? Ripple. -
- ' . ner-of—the-Meet” awards to Keat- _
LeMoyne’s great distance runner, is sick and hasn’t mg and Klrik. “3:: coﬁfxﬂeﬂﬁfmsﬁgﬂﬁﬁ
practiéed all week? Well, he’s going to run anyway, The harritlars host St. Pete's: regular seasonwmmovemmlm.
’ College a ome omorrow.
so no telling how he 11 do' meet will be run at 2:00 in Wash- .119: w‘“ °"°‘ N” P11? faﬁgdg;
The meet finally got underway, and after the first mm" park. A large homecoming thee :73?" “Lasagsggescmm boys
lap, it looked as if our expectations were going to be crowd is expected- , crosysed in: finish line before the
realized. Ripple was among the leaders, Keating Baggagegyypggfﬁnjsﬂzeggﬁ first New Paltz runner for 315-50
locked Strong' but unawain Mulvey was fallingbaCI‘! breaking the team’s record often .8 3:3; magi was a rubber match tor
and LeMoyne had eight runners ahead of our number Winsi tinged“ ailing; “‘thng Den Beavers and Mike Atwell, as
four man' - a“ n g s pe’ ey s o“ 0 each had won from the other four
it "
However, as each lap evolved, State made gains ' ' . . “‘95- “We” “me WW“? V‘c'
' tor by twenty yards in a closely
Ripple baked beat and was dropping back' Keating PPcontested race.,Paul Breslin, for-
was challenging the leader, Flick. Durbin and Garner . merly of Binghamton Central High
were moving well. and Kirik was holding his own. A MIA Champs 33:31,] mtg; 2; 33:33:)?! 351;;
That’s the way it looked right up to the finish. Potter Club, led once again by the last half-mile.
l ‘ . the passing and running of quar-
Still don t know how they did it. Final scoret. Albany; Whack Jim Curley’ clinched the 0*" ﬁnish."
27. LeMoyne 29. Munsey. believe it or no . was a AM“ pygmy woman “He Wm, an Other ﬁnishers for Albany State
a loss for words. So are we. End story. 18-0 win overdefendlngchampions were George Rolling or illon,
APA in a highlighted game last gillllith; axe 16:31! Sffi‘o‘m Hialeah
Tuesday. a 5. l X‘ '18 ex-
”    Curley passed to and Dan Crip- under), sixth; Frank Berry, a
pen, who also played an outstand- New York City lad, seventh, and
Tomorrow afternoon at 2-00 p in Last year’s game was Witness“ ing game, for a pair of touehdowns, C31 Shepard, ninth.

 

 

 

the Albany State varsity soccer
team will meet Long Island's C.W.
Post College in the Dana's annual
Homecoming game.

The State hooters are well rested
alter a week off from competition,
and they are anxious to follow-up
last year's win over Post, a 2-1
thriller down on the island.

Last year’s homecoming game
was a heartbreaker for the Peds,
as Potsdam scored a 1-0 victory.
Potsdam's goal came late in the
first half off a corner kick.

by a thousand enthusiastic fans,
who braved a cold and windy af-
ternoon to cheer the hooters on.

Thus far this year the Danes
have posted a 8-6 mark. However,
the team last week traveled to
Brooklyn College to hand that
school’s highly regarded team a
2-1 setback.

Fresh off that upset, and with
the normal amount of Homecoming
spirit, a healthy State team could
give the Albany fans a lot to cheer
about.

GERRY LEGGIERII leaps highiin the air to dellect a shot. The

hooters lace C. . Post
game tomorrow at 2:00 pm.

College in the annual homecoming

-.u.4.e.a.. .

and to John Compeau for another.

Potter received a forfeit win
over the Tower on Wednesday,
giving the team an overall '7-0
mark.

KB, in second place, is a game
and a half behind.

Potter’s defense, which has al-
lowed only six points all year,
was once again invincible. The
APA pygmles got as close as the
six yard line on a 55yard run by
Pep Pizzillo, but Potter held them
out for no score.

Potter still has one game re-
maining next week with Kappa Beta.

Central

 

..f::,Frosh Winning Season

Terry Murray or New Paltz was
the only opponent to break the
harriers' string, as he finished
eighth.

It was a cold day for the race
and it was even colder for Coach
Tom Robinson, who was “de-
frocked” of his coat and tie and
thrown into the Washington Park
lake immediately loilomng the
race. “They are at their peak
now," said Hobby, “and it's too
had we don’t have a few more
meets to run in."

Finish 5-2

The fresh finished with arecord
of five wins and two losses in dual
competition. They were sixth in
12 teams at the LeMoyne Invita-
tional and third in 14 teams in the
Hudson Valley Invitational last
week.

Varsity cross-country coach, H.
Keith Munsey commented that
“this was the best team, without a
doubt, of the three frosh teams
we have had.”

Florist

"7 Central Ave
HE 44332

Homecoming
l CORSAGES l

 

 

ANDY’

WE DELIVER FREE TO

THE OLD CAMPUS AND
TO THE NEW CAMPUS
PIZZA

choose
anchovies
peppers
onions  .
mushrooms” ..

pepperoni ..

hall 8» hell  . . 
combination—4 Items ., .
chat special (everything) .... ..

—BUCKET OF SPAGHETTI—

wwoww‘xikr'o'o‘ou
UuuxOu-Uvuvuvmutmm

umw‘..7..d__._._..—

*Spaghetti sauce
'ltalian rolls
"Impottud cheese

 

"BUCK N’ A HALF A BUCKET"

Bucket oi Spaghettii Meal Balls
delivered for only $1.50 e... We.

'A'Emwl' '° h"! ° Hung" can”, CORNER - Central Ave. 8. Northern Blvd.
_:

SPAGHETTI DINNERS‘

tomato sauce..  .95

1.35
meatballs... l.35
hot sausage. L35
plpperl..... . 1.35
mushrooms L35

Slam. Y

. . r ,
SUBS OR SANDWICHES

hot moot boll  .

hot meal bull [L pepper

hot sausage

hot sausage 8. pepper .

roast heel   .. .

steak sandwich,

postrurni . , . ..... ...

hot roast heel 8. gravy,

hot roost turkey 8 gravy.

roost turkey. . 

tuno “Ell. ,.

 

 

 

Support I

‘ Campus Chest

I

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANx, NEW YORK

Fogistrati

g,


s»

JACK KENNY AUCTlONEERING in the Student Union during
Campus Chest week last year. The’auctions will beheld again
this year when Campus Chest begins Friday.

Campus Chest Activities Begin Friday,

tin-Chairmen in final at $2000

“Take a Step Towards
Scholarship” will be the
theme of Campus Chest
as it sets its sights to-
ward reaching a goal of

two thousand dollars.

Eleanor Dlener and Mike Purdy,
co-chalrman of Campus Chest,
said that they feel this goal is
realistic considering the size of
the University. They plan an ex-
tensive publicity campaign and feel
that with the enthusiasm of the co-
chairman for the separate events
this goal will be attained.

The first event of Campus Chest
week will be a dance Friday, No-
vember 12, 8-12 p.m. in Walden
llall. Admission will be fifty cents.

Entertainment will be provided
by the "Oi‘igiilnls." They have
played at several University func-
lions.

Joan Gressens and Bruce Wor-
ilci' are (fU-Cllﬂll‘lllall of this event.

College Bowl

The next event will be the Col-
lege Bowl, ('U-Cllflll'ed by Sue Mor-
HS and Dennis Martln.’l‘lle contest
is modelled after the television
show.

This year’s teams will feature
participants from fraternity, sor-
ority, independent and possibly
faculty members.

"‘6 Film Tonight

The International Film Group will
begin showing films again with a
presentation this evening of "Wild
and Woolly’! and "The Mystery of
the Leaping Fish,” two silent films
of Douglas Fairbanks.

A hapless drug addict detectivein
"Mystery," Fairbanks plays amis-
gulded Easteruer who years for the
old west in "wild and Woolly." To-
night's sllowing will be free lll the
Bru dining room at 8 p.m.

The Mr. and Miss Campus Chest
contest will be held through No-
vember 15 through 19. Voting will
be done ill the peristyles and tile
winner will be chosen by the amount
of money votes he receives.

Miss Campus Chest will be
chosen on the basis of who has the
biggest feet and Mr. Campus Chest
on who has the greatest hairstyle.

Contestants will be entered by
the different fraternities and sor-
orities on campus. Ken Banner
and Steve Ostrove will be co-
cllairinan of the contest.

Sale of Boosters

During the same week of the
Mr. and Miss Campus Chest Con-
test boosters signifying tile theme
of Campus Chest will be sold at
various locations on campus.They
will cost twenty-five vents and
will come ill the four different
class colors.

Marcia Sclionblom and Mike
Ginsburg will handle tile solicita-
tions from ilic residence halls and
Sue Clmpnlck will head the sale of
boosters.

Chinese Auctions

One of the more enjoyable events
of Campus Chest week will be tile
Chinese auctions. The auctions will
be held in the Student Union, the
Greek cafeteria in lower llusled
Hall and ill the dining llnll at the
new campus.

Included in the ductlons will
again be the blddlng for pics to be
thrown in the faces ln some carn-
pus leaders. Last year, one pie
sold for thirty-five dollars.

Other items to be auctioned off
are gifts donated by seine of the
local Albany merchants.

Purdy praised the efforts of
Sue Meyers and Jake Johnvlile
wllo are handling the publicity for
the different events.

NOVEM BER 9. 1965

on Not Contingent on Stud

VOL. LI. NO. 38

enTTaX‘

Voluntary Status of Tax Revealed r
In Religious Commission Report

The 'lawyers’ report on the questions raised concerning the Religious Affairs
Commissmn included the statement that the payment of the student tax is not a

student tax is not compulsory

The report was the le-
gal opinion of the attorney
for the Faculty Student
Association and the Coun-

sity of New York.

Since the opinion is not a court
ruling, it is not considered defini-
tive. John T. Crary, Chief Counsel
of the State University, stated that a
state law would be required to make
the tax compulsory.

The original issue was raised
when Dr. Walter Knotts, Englishde-
partment, objected to giving money
to the Relgious Affairs Commission
until a ruling could be obtained as
to whether or not it would be an ill-
fringement on individual rights.

Tile question was brought to the
University lawyers who tllen re-
leased their opinions.

Central Council reacted to the
news that there was no legal prob-
lem in giving money to the commis-
sion by voting a one hundred dollar
appropriation for the Religious Af-
fairs Commission.

This money will be used by the
commission as it fulfills its gov-
ernmental responsibilities. The
money is not intended for use to
promote any religion or any par-
ticular religious activity.

In other actions a typewriter was
purchased for the Student Associa-
tion office. Constitutions were ap-
proved for the Academic Affairs
Commission and tile Pail-l-lelleilic
Council.

PATRICIA FASANO CROWNS Harriet Tucker Homecom
ol the soccer game against C. W. Post Saturday,

Compass Group to Present
3.. for he see Univ..- ‘Improvisational Theatre

Tile first of a series of Dra-
matlcs Council guest artists for
tile 1965-1966 season will appear
tomorrow night in Page l-iall. Tile
area premiere of the Compass
lmprovisational Theatre is slated
for 8:30 p.m., according to Wil-
liam Mayer, Dramatics Council
president.

The Compass Theatre is, he
noted, a relatively new group, and
still somewhat in the experimental
stages. lt originated in Chicago
around 1955, with a group of stu-
dents who organized themselves
at the Playwrights’ Theatre Club.

Conventioonl Beginning

The group functioned on acon-
ventional basis for a period of
about two years, performingknown
works from Shakespeare to Brecht,
and then moved on to what today
is a relatively unexplored area —
that of improvisation.

Their style harks back to that
of the commedla dell‘arte, a thea-
tre fo'rm which flourished in the
16th and 17th centuries, and used
no script. Stock characters, always
the same, enacted stock situations
from scenarios, or outlines of the
play's action.

Initially the group worked with‘

whole plays, but soon moved to
shorter sketches relevant toevents
of the day. Dubbing themselves the
Compass Theatre, they were a
commercial and critical success.

At present, this success has led
to the establishment of similar
groups in St. Louis, Boston, Wash-
iilgton, San Francisco, and Los
Angeles. All offshoot of the group
is the highly acclaimed Second
City, founded in 1959.

Instant Theatre

Billed as “instant theatre,” the
Compass style makes the most of
political satire and social com-
mentary, and is always timely and
up-to-the-mlnute. This partially
explained by the fact that the aud-
ience plays as large a part in the
evening's proceedings as do the
actors themselves.

The theatre has also been a
springboard for some outstanding
talent: Mlle Nichols and Elaine
May moved from Compass to their
own Broadway show. Other cele-
brated alumni include Shelley Ber-
man, Allan Arkin, Barbara Harris
and Diana Sands.

Tickets (on a reserved basis)
are available at the box office,
R 280, for $1.50 or student tax.

in Queen during the hall time ceremonies

 

