   
   
 
   
 
  

  
 
  
  

    
   
    
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
  
   
    
    
  
      
  
    
  
    
 
 
   
  
  
  
  

univ reity's gusts-of 1300 in.

' V "3 ..
.‘bfe’r has‘ialre dy been filled,‘and
hat there a waiting list of an
--additional_ 500'qua1ifled candidates
to {admissio
 he, Office of Admissions has
re sly/ed 0000 applications; any ap-
plicants now accepted are placed at
the‘bottom of the waiting list.

Dr. Schhltze stated, “the size of

the freshman class is not deter-

    

L. Welter Schultze
Director of Admissions

 

1L , ‘ Dyna,“- mined bylthe num E'
omissions, has a ounced that. u ‘5

limited by the avail‘able'physical

facilities'and the number offaculty." '

in reference to this year’s appli-
cations, he added, “The applicants
were better qualified and their ap-
plications came in sooner than ever
before.” . ‘
_ The class of ’69’s quota was
filled on February 5‘, three months

earlier than last year’s quota of -

1200. Applications for admission,

on a monthly basis, are running.

60% ahead of. the comparable -time
periods of last year.

Dr. Schultze pointed. out that the.

entire State University system has
had an application increase of 38%.
However, Albany's 60% rise in ap-
plications is the largest increase
of any unit of the State University.

Such a tremendous increase in
the number of applicants was not
expected by the Office of Admis-
sions. Dr. Schultze said, “the growth
in high school graduates this year
was calculated to be 840%."

Dr. Schultze noted that the un-
expected increase in high school
students wishing to attend Albany
is apparently a reflection of three
things: the desirability of the new
physical facilities, the expanded of-
ferings in curriculum, and the rapid
increase in the percentage of high
school graduates who desire a col-
lege education.

For this semester 22 new fresh-
men and 100 transfers were ac-
cepted. Of this group, only one-
fourth are in the teaching program.

NOTICES

,. SEA

Student Education Association
members are reminded of a meet-
ing on Thursday, February 18, at
7:30 p.m. in Brubacher Hail. There
is much to be discussed concerning
our constitution; new school gov-
ernment procedures are upcoming.

Finance Committee

Finance Committee will hold an
open meeting February 15, 1965
at 5 p.m. in Brubacher Room 1
regarding the graduated student tax
proposal.
a UFC

The University Freedom Council
announces that these members have
been elected to the following offices:
Lou Strong, president, Bob Clark,‘
vice President, Wynona Mclvers,
secretary, Bill McPherson, treas-
urer and Ed Silver, parliamentarian.

Reading Program

A Reading Improvement Program
will begin February 15 for all stu-
dents interested In improving their
reading skills. A student may usually
count on atleast doubling their read-
ing skill while maintaining compre-
hension at BO per cent or better.

There is no fee our credit for
the course. All students who are
interested should enroll for the
course in Draper 304.

B'nai B'rith

On Sunday, February 7, the A1-.
bany chaper of the B'nai B’rith
Hillel Society held an installation
ceremony for the newly-elected of-
ficers. Jerry Jacobsen was inducted
as president and Sharyn Miller as
first vice president.

Harriet Blott, Carol Zang and
Alan Gibell became second vice
president, secretary and treasurer,
respectively. Jo West was installed
as student advisor.

Kappa Mu Epsilon
Kappa Mu Epsilon will hold its
annual Mathematics Evening on
Wednesday, February 17 at 7:30
p.m. in Draper 349. All students
interested in mathematics are cor-
dially invited

Chi Sigma Theta
The sisters of Chi Sigma Theta
have planned their first social event
of the semester. An informal beer
party will be held at Carmen Hail,
Friday, February 12, from 8-12

Enroups Ctr-Sponsor
Biblical Discussions

Beginning Monday, February 15,
Campus Christian Council and New-
man Association will co-sponsor a
program entitled "God Speaks to
Men: Lectures and Discussions on
the Old Testament.”

For five consecutive Mondays,
Father James Plastaras, scripture
professor at Our Lady of Angels
Seminary, Glenmont, will lecture
on the idea of the Covenant and
the calling of the People of God,
with special reference to the books
of "Genesis" and "Exodus."

During the week, small groups
will meet for informal discussion

.of the material developed in the

lectures. These groups will meet
under the leadership of faculty mem-
hers David Heal and Charles Gra-
ber, the Rev. Paul Smith. Catholic
chaplain, and the Rev. Frank Snow,
campus minister.

The series‘ aim is a scholarly
endeavor to interpret basic biblical
material in the light of contempor-
ary scholarship. All members of
the University are invited to par-
ticipate. The lecture will be held
in Dra er 303 at 3:30 .m.

 

EMANUEL IAP'I’IS'I’ OIUROI
215 Stete Street
To e... Church Sdleel
II can. Worship
Dr. Ralph It. Elliot, Minister

 

STUYVESANT PLAZA
BARBER SHOP
"Dave"
7 Barbers — No Waiting
Albany, N. Y.
Telephone IV 9-1805

 

i0

 

IIKE YBIIR VALENTINE

SIIIIIEIII IIIIIIIII SIIIBII BIR

the

 

     

I

    
 
  
  
 

  

   
  
  

   
  
 
  
  
   
  

Photo by li'um/y

A SAVAGE FIRE during intercession gutted o block-long sectioh of Madison Avenue, destroying
several business establishments and driving more than 30 families from their homes. Several State

University students having apartments in the

block were among those whose possessions were

wiped out by the tire. In an editorial, the “Albany Times-Union" commended several State students

tragic loss of life.

Hats Solve Problem at Oregon

A reporter for “Pioneer Log,"
Lewis and Clark College, Portland,
Oregon, happened on a friend who
looked thoroughly puzzled and
frightened.

“Those orange and black hats
we’re supposed to wear,” he sighed.
“What are they for?"

"Oh," replied the reporter,
“they’re a part of the Lewis and
Clark tradition.”

And the reported explained it this
way:

"Dean Fester Spurner taught the
home economics class back in the
old days. Unfortunately, no one
signed up for the course one term
and she was stuck with 20 boltseach
of orange organdy and black burlap,
out which she had planned for the
girls to make their Homecoming
formais.

"So Dean Spurner, with her cus-
tomary grit, was determined to pro-
duce a school banner. But she hadn’t
taken a doctorate in Home Ec. and
she certainly was no Betsy Ross.
Consequently, she ended up with

129,000 shreds of burlap and or-
gandy — and no banner.

"She brought her problem to the
college president, who called a
meeting of the board of trustees.
He told the board that the church
had seen fit to present the annual
grant of 40 bolts of material to
Lewis and Clark College, and if
the church heard of it being re-
duced to this condition, the college
might be by-passed in the awarding
of future grants.

"At last, one of the trustees, a
hatter, proposed to take the 129,000
pieces of cloth and make 21,500
beanies. He explained ‘You start a
tradition. You make all the new
freshmen wear beanies for a week

or two’.

“ ‘Oh, come on now,’ laughed the
president. ‘Do you really think
they’ll swallow that?’

" ‘Well,’ answered the hatter,
‘after all, they are Lewis and Clark
students.’

“And to this day, the administra-
tion has been working fervently to
use up that vast supply of beanies.
In fact, that’s the main reason
they’ve strived over the years for
increased enrollment, and lower
admittance standards."

 

 

who were on the scene for assisting Iiremen in helping families to sotety, thus averting a possible

Change
Your Luck:

' JOIN
THE ASP

 

 

 

ALL TEXTBOOKS
HAVE BEEN RETURNED TO THE

BOOKSTORE

AND IT MAY TAKE SOME TIME
TO PUT THEM IN ORDER

SO- PlEASE BUY YOUR BOOKS NOW

Due to a severe Space problem, we will not be able to keep books tor the entire
semester. We are Iorced to sell or return all books which are on hand starting
immediately. Please be governed accordingly. We urge you not to wait until

later in the semester to buy your books.

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE
Draper Hall ‘ Ext. 129
135 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

   
 
  

 

   
   
  
 

r—
H

. I Theenrire text eI‘tlre Proposed Amendments tth *
‘Student Association Constitution Iorgon Interim Gov-l
ernment ls reprinted below. The italics printed? to
the right at the proposals represent the form of the
present Constitution as Iound in “Campus View-
point." " . '
I At Wednesday evening's Senate meeting the Pro-

posals were passed In entirety and almost unenl-

 

   

 

Delete the following:

A. The words “New York State College for Teach-
ers at Albany” in title.

B. The words "New York State College for Teach-

' ers at Albany” and “N.Y.S.C.T. at Albany” in

Preamble.

C. The words ‘fNew York State College for Teach-
ers at Albany” in Article. I.

D. The words “New York State College for Teach-
ers" in Article II.

E. Article IV (in entirety)

'11

. Article V (in entirety).

G. Article V1 (in entirety).

H. The word "Senate" in Article X.
1. Amendment 1. (in entirety).

J. Amendment 2. (in entirety).

K. The word “Senate” in Amendment 3.

. Substitute the following for the deletions listed

above:
A. State University of New York at Al. any.
11. State University of New York at Albany;
S.U.N.Y.A.

. State University of New York at Albany.
. State University of New York at Albany.
Article’IV, Provisional Council
A. Composition

1. There shall be four Provisional Council
members elected from each class, by
that class, for a total of sixteen elected
members.
There shall be tenndditionai Provisional
Council members appointed by the elec-
ted members io represent tie commis—
sion areas as they are outlined in the
planning for the future government.
B. Duties and Powers
To elect, by a majority vote, a chair-
man of the Council from among the

HUC

- 5v

._.

Council members. This chairman shall.

not be a senior. He shall preside over
all meetings of the Council, call special
meetings. and direct Council activities.
(This election shall be the first task for
the elected Council when it assembles.)

2. To appoint, by majority vote, members
for the Advisory Board who shall advise
the Council on governmental matters.
The criterion for appointment to this
Advisory Board, consisting of three to
six members, shall be experience in
the Govermncnt Revision Project. (This
appointment shall be the second task for
the elected Council when it assembles.)

8. To appoint, by llliljul‘ity \‘oic, ten addi-
tional Provnsionai Council members to
represent the commission areas. The
additional members shall assume full
responsibilities of Council membership
with the exception that tho} will have no
vote on fiscal allocations. Appointment
of these additional members shall be
broken down as follows:

Academic Interests — 1
Communications — 2
Community Pro-
gramming - :1
Living Areas - 3
Religious interests - l

. To direct the course of government
planning toward the conclusion thut a
new and totally llf'tlSell Student Govern-
ment Shull come into (existence at the
end of their term of ollicc (winch shall
be on or before May 1, 1965). '

. To provide for the recording and pre-

serving of its Ill'lltiet'fllllgh. .

To establish and upprou- tine 11165-1060

(5.
Student Association budget and all other
nmiropriutlons.

7. To determine the lliUF-liio'ti Student

Acllvltlcs Foe.
'l‘o clnu‘ler und/or recount/.0. all clubs
and organizations within the Student
Association.

To impeach Student
Class Officers.

10. To provtdc for tho election and inbnln-
tion of all Student Association and class
elections.

1". Article V, MYSKANlA
A. Composition
1. MYSKANl/i shall be composed of thir-
teen members who shaii be recognized
for their contributions to the Universiiib

Association and

  

mously by.th Senator pro .
the student bodywill beginron Friday,»
time on Monday through Thursday , I
Peristyles. ,The suits of the referendum will de-
termine the dates for nominations for positions on
the Provisional Council. Inauguration Day Is now
slated for Morel! 6. This day may e‘IgnIIy the.lmple-
mentution oI the new Interim government as well.

 
  

nd will eat.

_/llI/Jougb I/n' mum- of Ibo sc/mol was off/'-
clully c/Jtrngcd in 1962. il was no! cum't‘lcr/
in [/10 chl 0/ [ho corrslillrlivn.

Article IV dcnll wit/.1 l/Jt' qlltl/I/Il'llliuﬂs.
dulics. and [)omcrs 0/ [Inc I’rcsirlcul. l’icc
Prcsidcnl. and Cubiucl (1/ MW SII/dcn/ Asso-
r'IuI/on. ’ . A

All/('If' V crmccmca’ ilscl/ It'll/J Ilic ro/c
pluycd by IllYSK/lNl/l. I/Jr' jilr/it'irl/ Dr'fmrlmcu/
0/ [hr Sludcul Assoc/min".

Arlic/c I’I cxp/uinco’lbc (‘I)III/)(lSiI/tlll. (Ill/It's.
powcrs. (Ind [mic/ion o/ Smullc.

/lIIIl‘II(/Illf'll/ I. [msscr/ /II [USN-3‘). Imum‘m/
I/Jc (It'udcmir' It‘qI/II’I'IIII'II/ [or t'lt-c/mn o/ [/10
o//irc.s‘ o/ IlJt‘ XII/drill .‘lSS'It'lll/IUII I’rcsir/cnl
(Ind Vicc Prcsu/cu/ prcrmus/y slim-(I ill .'lr/i('/i'

IV. 1

.‘l/IImH/rm'u/ J. pusscr/ III I‘li"-3.\'. IHIIIS/t'rrt'll
I/Jc gI/un/Imls/u/r u/ l/Jl‘ I’Icslnm'n {flux}: /nm/
I/Jt' PIcsir/cn/ u/ I/Ji‘ Sup/nmmn' Class lo .\I)'_\'»
K.vl.\'I/I.
members shall be nominated and elected
by the Studem Association.

Members shall be elected from the sec-

ond semester Junior Class.

4. Provisional Council members shall not

serve on MYSKANIA.

B. Duties and Powers

'l‘o .lt'l us the court of Student Associa-

tinn. (This power shall be relinquished

on or before May 1, 10m)

To interpret the Student Association

Constitution. (This power shall be re-

linquished on or before May 1. 1065)

3. To try all impeachment cases. (This

power shall be relinquished on or be-

fore May 1, 190:7)

To consider ues of unusual nature

referred to it by any group. (This power

shall be relinquished on or before May

I. 1965)

To act as guardians of the Freshmen

Class, and guardians of tradition.

To work actively with the Provisional

Council in the establislnnent of the

future Student Government.

To give active support and assistance,

in various capacities, to the new Stu-

dent Government (when '1, 2, 3, and

4 above are relinquished.)

8. To serve as a Senior Honorary actively
involved in student life (when the other
responsibill ies are relinquished.)

G. (Article VI will not be replaced; it is covered

within the Provisional Council.)

11. Provisional Council (replaces “Senate").

I. (Amendment 1. needs noreplacing amendment.)

J. (Amendment 2. needs no replacing atnelullnent.,

K. Provisional Council (replaces “Senate”).

Add the following which are not substitutions for do—

letluns:

A. in Article V11, u-uumber 2, which shall read,
"The term of office of the Provisional Council
elected in the Spring Semester, 1965, shall end
on or before May 1, 1905."

. in Article \’11. a mnnber 3, which shall read,
"Although the MYSKANIA elected during the
Spring Semester, 1005, shall serve a full
term. their duties and powers shall change
during their term as outlined in the MYSKANIA
article.”

. Adjust the numbering of the articles to account
for the i‘olllpleit' deletion of an Article VI.

IIG to Present film features
In Showings Tonight, Sunday

This weekend the WC will present two films of
the renowned director John Huston us part of its
regular schedule of the mica! Alncrlcun and Foreign
language movies. ’l‘onighl. :II 7 p.m. and 9:15 p.m.,
llmnpbrey iiognrt will star in the "Trcusui‘cofSlei‘rn
Mudrc.”

This film, which also slurs Walter lluslon and Tim
lloll, Is a drama of modern day gold prospecting in
thc inonnlulns of Mexico. liogurt and lloll nznnngo to
persuade illi' agcd Huston to guide them onn gold lnmt
In the wilds of Mexico. The old man is at first reluc-
iunl, because he has seen how gold can change men’s
sutlih, but no consents. Tho three strike it rich, and
the psychological impact of their find greatly changes
their relationships.

()n Sunday night at 7 p.m. only, the feature film
will be ilnsion’s "The Asphalt Jungle." This film
stars Marilyn Monroe, Sterling Hayden, and Sam
Jolie. The leader of large gangland syndicaieatiempts
to pull oii tho “perfect crime.” This cost for each
show In 35¢.

m

u

to

P

 

Io.

.‘I

C

C

 Ierenduln .ojnapn r- 

.‘liIe, a bill tor on interim government has been to

    
 
 
 

I

V lug with the concept I v
I s rdioote Commissions covering all  , ‘ m y
d by Johnston.
on the interim

   
   

    

In the IoIIewIng statement, Johnston explains his «and
government Issue. 4 .f - ~ - I .
Problems of student government have far too long existedaea
source for griping but otherwise general inaction on the part of no»,
who feel they were on the"‘outslde," and as an unrecognized fact‘by
virtue of inability or prideful unwillingness to disobey the almighty“
god of tradition on the part of those apparently on the “inside.” A

‘-change, a radical yet orderly change, is necessity today.

That student government can be wholly meaningful is perhaps the
most basic tenet of what has come to be called the Government lie-
vision Project. It should be more accurately referred to asthe Govg
ernment Creation Project. If we can succeed in ignoring our (Quite
justifiably) narrow frame of ref-

possible to attain some vision of
the possible scope of need fulfill-
ments 'in the future, a scope so
broad that it led one satirist to
refer to the “new” government as
our own “great society.”

A “new” government for students
which is wholly meaningful is not
some ridiculous dream. .That it is
realistic in conception and immi-n

by the approximately 250 students
and faculty who have contributed
time and effort in planning for it
over a sometimes unsteady three
year history.

Plans for the “new” are so close
to completion that we all dare not'
accept an extension of the "old" as,
a result of this month's general stu-
A'E'khns'wl . G , dent bodyelections. The accompany-
 '°P°5°5 Mew“ °V°mm°n ing proposal is for an interim gov-
ernment to complete the planning and institution of new principles as
reflected in new forms.

This interim government would fall somewhere between the “old”
and the “new.” A certain degreeofciasseiections is retained to assure
the training of fresh people for continuity (elected Provisional Council).
Experience of people in the Commission areas which will become bases
for the new (lcceniraii/ed forinsisbuill in for assistance in development
of these areas mniirninlnginthe \vorklngsof a government (the appointed
members of the Provisional Council). ‘

And the experience of those who have workedtln‘oughout the Project’s
growth will not He lost (by virtue of the Advisory Board). Further, an
expanded and more active role for MYSKANIA as a senior honorary is
included as outlined by the far-sighted members of the present group.

Much can be done by this interim government by the Provisional
Council and a changing MYSKANIA. Theprojectcan be completed before
the Council's term ends on May 1 ("on or before May 1, 1965). And the
doors to so many new areas will be opened. Throughout, however, it is
absolutely necessary that support be rendered by all students in a new
kind of open-minded approach to the great possibilities for government
of students. With such suppor ,no area ofcoucern to students — whether
academic or extra-curricular - will be closed to intelligent review
and/or revision by students.

The first manifestation of this kind of open-minded approach can
take the form of intelligent investigation of the interim proposals and
a wide turn-out to register approval or disapproval in the student body
referendum on them during the week following their passage by Senate.

 

,ernce to student government, it is ’

nently attainable will be attested to ‘

Freshman Dies in Waterbury

Francis iiuzicka, Class of ’08,
died suddenly last week in his room
at Waterbury llall. When his room-
mate, Michael Zimmcrmun, tried to
awaken him Sunday, liuzicku did not
respond. lie was pronounced dead on
arrival at Albany Medical Center.

Tile cause of death is not known.
A preliminary autopsy revealed

Colorado Girls
Pay Penalty

For Neglect

One of Colorado State Univer—
sity's Sweet Young Things arrived
in the "Collegian" office to display
her serious concern over being
charged a nominal fee (109) to be
readmitted to her dorm room. As
she told the story: She was brush-
iug her teeth, the wind blew her
door SIIIII and she was left in the
cold — sans key or dime.

One can envision all manner of
bizarre situations. A poor girl could
spend endless years in her hall be-
cause she only carried nine cents
with her when she went to the bath-'
I'tiOIlI.

'l‘he Dorm Mother said the fine
was to teach the Sweet YoungThings
to remember their keys — and be-
sides, the motley is to be used to
buy decorations (and stuff) for the
dorm.

The “Collegian” heartily agrees
with, this philosophy, and suggests
that it could be carried even fur-
ther. Perhaps a fine of 251; could
be instituted for those who forget
the date, 75!,“ for those who need a
light, and a $1.50 fine for those who
can't remember what lnter-llail
Council is for.

nothing. and authorities are awaiting
the results of laboratory tests.

Ruzicka had just conipletedasuc-
cessful first semester at State. He
had spent Saturday evening with
friends. and retired after midnight.
He had been employed by the Fac-
ulty-Student Association, workingin
the Dining Hall in Waterbury.

A special memorial service was
held at Keeher's Funeral Home in
Albany on Monday afternoon. The
funeral was held yesterday after-
noon in Odessa, New York.

Ruzicka was a graduate odeessa
Montour Central School and a resi-
dent of liorseheads, New York. He
is survived by a father and aslster.

liiray Illusions
tillage in Item
For Sunday flight

Alice Hastings, liead Librarian,
has announced that linwley Library
will be open Sundays from G-lOp.m.
Miss Hastings arrived at her de-
cision to extend the hours after a
poll was taken by a Senate com-
mittee. .

The committee, composed of
Charles Coon, Pat Dibler, Carolyn
Schmoli, Deborah Friedman and
Laura Kurz, held the poll in the
November 13 issue of the ASP.

After analyzing the response to

the poll, the committee decided that -

Sunday evening was the most ad-
vantageous time to. extend the li-
brary's hours.

Miss Hastings praised the co-
operation of the students and ad-
ministration in working to better
the students’ interests.

Student help, supplemented by 11-
brariuns who have volunteered to
work Sllndays, will provide the staff.

 
 

   
   
    
     
 
 

 

  
   
  
  
    
  
 
    
   
   
   
 

     
  
   
  
     
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   

   
       
    
    
   
 

    
 
   
   
    
   
       
   
   
   
  

  
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
    
  
     
  
  
 
 
 
 

  
   
    
  
 
     
     
      

  

                        
  
    
      
  
  
   
      
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
 
  
   

  

