 
 
 
   
 

   
  
    

   

. r ' byJ‘ahn leltrnons '  ' ‘1 

ny'si‘varsity baseball-team. suffered two major, ,
, last week, bowing to Utica College ,7-3 in an _ .
aw"  and to New Haven College 19-3 in a home

 
 

 

 

game out of reach for the Pads.

‘ “Pep” Pizziilo was the big bats-
. -- -r“ng tomorrow man for State, going two for three
;- 383 9t Slenao the Peds (and three stolen bases).

Starting Ped hurier .Dan Zeh
pitched seven innings, giving upsix
runs, three hits, five walks, and
struck out one. Relief pitcher Don
McGurrin worked one inning, gave
up one run, one hit, no walks or
strikeouts.

7 ithey also will face
Potsdam‘ and Plattsburgh
COlleges on the road.

In the April 29’Utica game, Al-
bany took an early,-a-0 lead. in-
fielder “Pep” Pizzilio walked, stole
second base, moved to third on a
wild throw, and then stole home
(the second time he's done it this
year.) ‘

Bill lngino walked and was driven
home on a single by Andy Christian.
Christian later scored on a wild
pitch.

Jim Na'ss pitched the final inning
for State, and he allowed but one
walk and'struck out two.

ln/the May lNew Havenslaughter,
a big 13 run eighthinningcompletely
buried the Feds chances for acome-
back win.

All the Fed hurlers saw action in
the game, but none was able to con-'

of a steel in game with R l.,

Recorded Results
of Alflt Sports

Utica got back all three runs' and

 

  
 
   
 

 

tain the powerful batsmen from Con-
necticut.

The New .Haveners got a pair of
runs in the first, one in the second
and fourth, and two more in the
sixth inning.

Golfers Finally ‘ Bow of Home

State's varsity golfers had their Against Hamilton, however, Al-
hopes for an undefeated season bany hadaletdown. Mike Bayusled
crushed by- Hamilton College last off with a win in his number one
Wednesday, as the Hamiltonians position. Albany forged to a 4-2
squeaked outa5-4 victory. lead via a win by Bill Kane and

This was the first setback for the Bill Haines.
linksmen on their home course in But a State victory was put out
three years. Hamilton had ,already of reach when Bloom and John Ur-
defeated such potent golf schools tlah saw all three points slip away.
as Colgate and Lehigh before the Jay Owen edged Mike Bayus by a
State match. stroke to take medalist honors; he

On Friday, April 23, the golfers posted a 74 en route to a win over
topped the New England Conference Doug Morgan.
champs New ‘Haven, 6-3. In that Now sporting a 2-1 record, the
match, soph Mike Bloom posted Albany linksmenstill have a good
medalist honors, firing a fine 76 chance to better last year’s mark
over a windy, rain-swept course. of 8-1-1.

Doug Morgan had the shot of the Here are the remaining matches
day, as he carded an eagle on the for the golf team: R.P.l., May 6,
seventeenth hole. home; Piattsburgh-Potsdam-trl-

On the following day, the golfers angular meet.Mav ll.(Plattsbursh);
ran their record to 2-0 with a per- Utica, May 14 (home); Utica, May
fect outing againstpneonta. All of 18 (away); and New Paltz, May 21
State's golfers won. (awa .

one to boot on a grand slam home
run by their powerful second base-

line Year Ago

In last year's May 5 issue of
ASP, the following stories were re-
ported on the sports page:

The varsity diamondmen dropped
a 7-4 decision to Siena, due mainly
to-a pourous defense that allowed
6 unearned runs to score. In that
game State led 1-0 until the top of
the seventh frame.

The golf team scored a tie with
Hamilton College, 4 1/2-4'1/2. Mike
Bayus fired a '72 to cop medalist
honors, and he was followed by
Fred Maurer with ’13.

Bob Hart hurled his SLS team
to a 10-6 win over the Saris in an
AMIA League I game. Fred Rawe
paced the SL5 'batsmen'with a 3
for 5 effort.

The fresh baseball team was clob-
bered 12-3; Ray Cianfrinl was lead-
ing the team with a .412 average.

The varsity netmen ran their un-
defeated skein to 6 with a 5-1 win
over St. Peter’s College of New
Jersey. John Barthelmes was de-
feated in the no. 1 slot.

The frosh netmen blanked Adir-
ondack CC 9-0 and overwhelmed
Union, 8-1. Ken Zacharias, Stan
form], and Guy Nicosia paced the
earn.

man.
The home team added three more
in the seventh inning to put the

  
  

 

 

   
  
 
  

OF VALUE AT
 g '/3 TO 1/2 on usr
BIG NAME LABELS

RCA VICTROLA
MERCURY WING
PERIOD

MGM and OTHERS

'/3 TO V2 OFF GREAT NAMES...

Charles Munch, Eric leinsdorf, Monteux, Fritz Reiner, Poul Poray, Anotol
Dorati, William Steinberg, with the Boston, Pittsburgh, Minneapolis,
Chicago, tendon, and Detroit Symphonies. Artists included are David
Oistrolh, Gilels, Groﬂmon, Broilowsky, etc. I

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE '
Draper Hall Ext. 129
135 Western Ave. Albany, NY.

y

 

 

 

 

 
 

[FED INFIELDER and leading base stealer "Pep" Piuillo streaks toward home in successful attempt

 

ﬁiiii

 

ASP

eases

 

 

F rosh Netmen Register
Impressive 8-1 Triumph

The State frosh tennis team scored an overwhelming
8-1 victory over Adirondack Community College last
Friday, April 30, in a home match. The frosh evened
their season record at 2-2, following a 9-0 lossto
RPI on the preceding Wednesday. On Wednesday the
rookie netmen will travel to Union College.

En route to the win the
frosh team copped five of
the six singles matches
and all of the doubles
matches. Only three of
State’s wins required a
third set.

In the first singles match, lefty
Tom Walencik dropped the first set
6-1, but he rebounded nicely to
score two quick set wins, 6-3 and

Neil Rosen continued his winning
ways in the second singles slot, as
he scored two decisive triumphs,
6-1, 6-1.

Tony Glaser, playing third singles
also had a pair of 6-1 sets, thus
giving Albany a 3-0 lead.

For the fourth consecutive singles
match, Albany’s strength was evi-
dent, as Bob Dobrusin crushed his
opponent Rich Coughiand, 6-1 and
6-2.

Bill Schusier gave State its fifth
straight win to ice the match, scor-
ing a 6-2, 7-9, 6-2 victory.

State's only loss of the day came
in the sixth singles match. Adiron-

 

dack’s Al Rosenbergh held off a
Kevin Magin rally to register a
3-6, 5-7, 6-4 win.

In the doubles contests, the Fed
yearlings overwhelmed the visiting
northern Staters. The first doubles
team of Walencik and Rosen won
their match, 6-1, 6-1.

The second doubles team of
Glaser-Dobrusin took the team of
Phil Dwyer (ACC’s no. 1 man) and
Rich Couglan into a third set before
scoring a win. They won 4-6, 6-4,
6-3.

Schusier teamed up with Magin
to complete State's fine afternoon,
as they turned inan 8-6, 6-4 triumph.

The fresh still face such learns
as Cobleskill, Hudson Valley CC,
and Adirondack again.

“ NOTICE "

The ASP sports department is
still looking for people interested
in taking pictures of the spring
sports (baseball, bolt, tennis, soft-
ball). The work involved includes
taking pictures one afternoon a week.
Anyoné interested is urged to come
into the ASP office or contact Klaus
Schnitzer through student mail.

  

FROSI'I NETMAN Tom Welcocik, the team's number one man,
executes a line running backhand shot in his win against Aldr-

ondach CC lat Saturday.

 

 

 

 .i

  
  
 
   
 
  

 
   
  
 
   

  
    
  
  
  
   
 
 
    
   
    
  
   
    
    
 
  
   

    

   
   
 
  

 
 
 

  
  
  

 

 
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
   

   
 
   
   
    
 

   
   
    
 
   
  

   
 
   
     
    
    
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
 
      
      
     
   
    
  
   
    
 
   
   
     
     
  

A Free Press.-
A Free
University

 

 

  
  

In; Two 'Days?

 

 

 

 

 

 

SPACE COIN COLLECTOR — Mr. Lee T. Bryant, graduate teach-
ing assistant in the department of physics, poses with his re-
cently completed set of 60 Schuler's Potato Chip Space Coins.
A formula has been developed whereby the probability at col-
lecting a complete set of space coins can be calculated Irorn a
knowledge oi the number oi potato chip bags purchased.

Golden E ye

Program on "SCOPE

“Yankee Go Home?” will be the topic of a panel dis-
cussion at the Golden Eye tonight at9p.m. The panel is -Jhlerllremiwl lo the Play. Although
a part of the continuing SCOPE project activities. Par—
ticipating in this panel discussion will be Dl‘. Paul force of the ideas presented trans-
Wheeler, Sociology; Miss Catherine Newbold, Southern cends the lhhhs ola “peer play"
History; Mr. John Reilly. English; Miss Joan Schulz.
English Honors; writers of the American South; and celltul‘yljving'
Miss Alicja Iwanska, Sociology.

Ditiering Views
The panelists will begin
the program with brief in—
troductory remarks stating
their different views.

Miss Newbold will speak on the
historical background of the south
in relation to the Civil Rights issue.

Miss Schulz’s comments will be
on the response of the southern
intellectual to the racial situation.

The place of the Negro sub-cui-
ture in the country will be analyzed
by Niss lwanska.

Mr. Reilly, chairman of the
SCOPE screening committee, will
explain the purpose of Civil Rights
movements in the South such as
SCOPE.

Finally, Dr. Wheeler will talk on
the disruptive aspects of social
movements in a community.

Moderator

The panel will be moderated by
Ken Fuchsman, program director
for SCOPE.

After the opening statements, the
panelists will be given an oppor-
tunity to discuss the questions and
ideas that have been raised. ["0]-
lowing the discussion, the question
of “Yankee Go Home?“ will be
opened to the students.

The panel discussion is being
sponsored by SCOPE in collabora-
tion with Campus Christian Coun-
cil and the Golden Eye committee,

'MAY 7.1965 VOL. LI NO. 19 -

   
     
   
 

 

 

State University Theatre to Begin
Two-Night r Run of 'Misontltrope’

The “Misanthrope,” the final State University Theatre production of the year,
will be presented tonight and Saturday at 8:30 p.m. in Page Hall. The play was
written by Moliere in 1666 and is a satire on the hypocrisy and false society of
his» times. It is one of the few comedies written during this period that has sur-
vived through the centuries. The play is directed by James Leonard, Associate
Professor of Speech and Dramatics and it stars Dimitri Pcrdaris, as Alceste.

/

Alceste, the “misan-
thrope.” rebels ngninst the
false, flattering manners
which characterize the so—
ciety of France at this
time. His protestations are
complicated by his love for
Celimene.

Cellmene, the coquette, captivates
the entire court through her “it‘-
iatious ways. Philinte and Eliante
represent hlollel‘c’s opinion of sin-
cerity which has adapted to the en-
vironment, an adaptation which Al-
cesie has failed to make.

Charles Bartlett and Pamela Bo-
den portray Philinte and Eliante,
respectively. Other characters in
the play are Orone, Arthur Putnam,
A rsinoe, Lillian Spampinato,
Acaste, Dennis Tuttle, rclitandge, ,
.John Langton, Basque, Peter Nicho-
las, Dubols and a guard of the Mar-
shaisea, Walter Doherty.

to Feature

Leonard applies a contemporary

the costumes and setting reflect
seventeenth century France, the

and extends Moliei‘e’s comments to
the superficiaiities of the twentieth

Leonard has emphasized the mod-
ernity and universality of the script
by simplifying the lavish, overdone
quality associated with the period.

The set which was designed by
John J. Moore, Professor of Speech
and Dramatics, captures the blend
of passing centuries.

Music llepartmen
lo Hold Bonner

The University Concert Band and
the University Concert Orchestra Tickets are available in Richard-
will present their annual Spring son 290 with student tax card or
Concert on May 11 at 8:30 in Page $1.50.

Hall. This year works of liach, This is the fourth production of
Ward, Schubert, lioist, and Sousa the your by the State University
will be played. 'l‘hentre. Their productions of

This concert will e followed by “Fuustus,” “Tiger” and “The Ty-
the Choral Group concert on May pists," and “Etham Frome” has
13. This will be the third year that received praise from all the critics.
there have been two concerts. "" I

The Orchestra, conducted by Mr.
William liudson, will perform the
Bach ‘Concerto for D Minor for
Two Violins and String Orchestra’
and the First Movement of Schu-
bert‘s Symphony No. 8 in ii Minor."

'l‘he Much work is one of the
masterpieces of the late baroque it.“ *1
literature, cmployingn“statement” ' ,"
zunl “nnswer” technique between the
soloists and the orchestra. Jo Ann
Kruusc and Louise Myers will be -,. ,-
i’cnim'cdsoiolsth. ' ’

'I‘lte Schubert work will be I‘m-og-
nizcd us the ever popular “Un-
finished” symphony, lcft uncom- 1,
pictod because the composer was

The Dutch Quadrangle will re-
ceive thirteen flags from the Neth-
erlands government today at 4 p.m.
in a brief ceremony at the New
Campus. The flags represent the
twelve provinces of the Netherlands
and the city ofNimiJen, traditionally
Albany’s sister city.

J. \"an den Bogucrt, director of
the Netherlands Information Serv-
ice, will present the flags to Pat
Howard, president of Schuylyer iiall.

tr

   

unable to write final movements
as beautiful as the first two.

After the intermission the band
will perform (in: “Prairie (wer-

turc" of itnbort Ward, The Somnd
Suite for iiund" by Gustav Holst,
and Snusn’s “George Washington

 

CORRECTIONI

Chinese I, Elementary Chinese,
Mr. W. Woo will be altered from

4:35 — 5:50, Tues. and Thurs.
during the Fall Term, “765—66,
in M.L. 3.

‘ l'Il nmrch.”

Ward is a prominent American
composer who has roccnilyncbievcd
great success with his opera based
on Arthur hitllet"spiay""i‘ilc Cruci-
ble." ills is rimariiy a melodic
style although the richness of the
twentieth century is in his writing,
as in the “Prairie Overture."

SUNBATHERS TURN DORM FIELD into the semblance

beach as the weather continues to get warmer.

and Anne Digney as Celimene. _ -

 

  
       

 

 

 

ALCESTE SURROUNDED by other courtiers discussing the false
superticiality which runs rampant through their society.

Netherlands Government to Present
National Flags to Dutch lluadrangle

The flags will be displayed in the
flag room of the Dutch Quadrangle.

Mayor Erastus Corning will rep-
resent the City of Albany at the
ceremony. Gordon Robinson, Guil-
derland Supervisor, and General
Cortland Van liensselaer, Commis-
sioner of General Services, will
also welcome Van den Bogaert.

Maureen Glasheen, the reigning
'l‘uiip Queen of 1064-65, will also
be present as one of the last of
her official acts as Tulip Queen.

All students and faculty are in-
vited to attend the ceremonies and
the brief reception that will follow.

Nominations Open
For New Gov’t

Students interested in running for
office on the Central Council or the
Living Affairs Commission can
place their name in nomination at
the Student Activities Desk in Bru-
bncber Hall or in the Student Per-
sonncl Office in Draper llali.

Nominations will close Sunday
with the elections beginning Monday
in the peristyics for commuters and
during the dinner hour in the resi-
dence balls and Greek houses.

When placing their nrune in nom-
ination a student should submitthair
residence hall and their qualifica-

tions to their hail president. Com-
muters should submit the informa-
tion to the Student Personnel office,

A committee appointed by the Pro-

visional Council Sunday night will
handle the elections. The committee
is headed by Ed Brovm'ski and in-
cludes Judy Geiardo, Stan Kerpel,
Mike Purdy, llina Nyberg, and Helen
Williams. .

 

 

 

 

 

