on: i312: ML.

f



i
i
i
l
l
i
l
l

 

powe 'tl‘iev MY ,  . .
. , lino that power andi'gave' it to
s- ofNews Myng 1A; . ‘ r ‘ i ,
 a _, ’ Again ",e cannot ascertain whether
gin iclarlfyiiihis point: Or not this attitude was initiated by
' ﬂu"? _A.sp's MYSKANIA itselfor suggestedbyPres-
Gofedlim's. ident Thompson. Still we consider that
 r the powerbelongs to Central Council.
We do not find the attitude of the
' , Central Council in accepting this power
‘ ” ' " , i ' v grab'to be admirable.

0» Alba“ 8 .ﬁﬂgg  . All of this does notmeanthat we think
2',“ V]  yr ’ I r, ‘ g' ‘thekiist acpept‘ihditscciiijirpotsedofunqual}
" " - ' iie peope. e ee a everyoneo
we preferred mm to his only Oppon— the judges is potentially a fine student

ent. We did not and do not feel that he - r _
is the world,s most outstanding candi_ jurist. Our objection is that we feel
d _ that there were others who shouldhave

ate. We did not pretend that all prac- been recommended

. :tices of the current administration are we object to pretending that the cam

:admimble‘ ' didates were screened on the basis of

 

We feel that the contest was between
the nominees. The Republicans were :nxg‘evli‘ézzze oifn $213531; 5:: egxgegnﬁﬁf
3:,” at:  a? the; hisﬁgsnﬁso‘g dates had no qualifications to offer
8 a - e 6 0g! ' g other than holding offices entirely out—
an “out” party which is not tryingto side student government
win ‘ ' .
' . . This does not mean that we think
is gﬁgtimhyoghgnﬁgﬁrdrgggiég); swig: these two judges are unqualified. Again
'g i y .we say that they are potentially fine

“ban” Republicans' student jurists, but they start without

Meaning of Screening  knowledge so...  

government would have.
We are disappointed that at this date,

We hope the judges of the court will
with the academic year already one_ organize themselves quickly. We hope
quarter over, there is no functioning

their procedures will more completely

3,, reme Court. there is no revised resemble‘those of legal courts. We

financial policy, and there is no eh- hope that it will be possrbletocomplete

forced policy on campus solicitations. the court by obtaining two more quali-
Our disappointment is increased by

ied seniors.
the tendency of some Central Council We hope that the screening process
members to use the lateness in the will, in the future, be a screening pro—

‘year as an excuse for prom,“ng and case in the true sense of the term.

1 ti .
 area. How to Get Beverage

Supreme Court appointments as a case Several peopie have complainedtous
1" 90"“- These appointments “ﬂeet that their organization or activity has
several unfortunate facets 0f the Stu’ not been given sufficientcoverageinthe
dent government ' ASP. We regret that this has been the

Again we find ourselves critical of case several times.

MYSKANIA- MYSKANIA was given a One of the main reasons for this
list of proposed candidates. They were problem is that our Staff is not large
to screen this list. The results were enough so that we can send somebody
unfortunate' but to cover these happenings.

Whether they Chose their course 0f Another reason is that the Univer-
action independently or at the direction sity has grown so big that it is difficult
of President Richard Thompson, we for us to know what is going on on
find their decision to recommend only campus.
the number to be appointed regretabie. we feel that these problems can he

screening committees “Bunny rec" alleviated if campus activities can co-
ommend all those persons considered operate with us by informing us aweeh
to be qualified- MYSKANIA'S “Ctlon m' or two in advance that they want cov-
fers that those candidates not recom— emge of an activity. we hope that if
mended are congldered by MYSKANIA this can be done, we can satisfy every-—
to be unqualified. We do feel this is body by givihg them the coverage in
Midering both the attitude of the Asp that they deserve_

Albany Student Press

ESTAILISNED MAY I'M
IV THE CLASS 0' WM

 

I ' l- kl bli h d b the student body of tho Slcto Unlvorslt ol
 AYlﬂblﬁnzl sA'llggl". PlhzlA’SEPoomg‘o,Vlzgulzilul:lgzgg Swol grifbocll’or Hall at 750 Slaio Slrool, Is opon irolll y-i]
p.m., Sunday through Thursday nights. The ASP may be reached by dialing ASA-40:”.
JOSEPH W. GALU - JOSE PH 5. SILVERMAN
CO-EdllollrIII-Clllal

PATRICIA E. SIFLO
Fooluro Editor

MONICA M. MCGAUGHEY
Advertising Monogar

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH 5. HARDY
Elocutivu Editor
WlLLlAM H. COLGAN LARRY EPSTEIN
Executive Editor Arts Editor

JUDY JAWITZ
Tochnlccl Supervisor

EILEEN L. ANNINC
Senior Editor

DIANA M. DOMKOWSKI
Buslnoss Monopor

GARY WOODS
Photography Editor

 

Assistant Sports Editor Don Oppoilllullo
Assistant Basin-Is Monaco! Mlchonl Purely
c ..u Nancy Fells Cynthia Goodman Lorrainl Boron Klrlion Hustsd.
. Charlie Carson, Sun Cliopo,sMo‘rqorothhnlophidpilcohn gravest lif'ichcérdevt’us, Mlalg.ﬁiifslp‘iiiﬂhgtxi

r at , c on u l o Inn" , I
Nancy Mud'nbw." 50"" . a", a, amLillllaulirnulrllm, John p’rou, Jan-r l'lus, Slows Curtl
A Di St a Wall-r Horr Nucholl. Jim Baal-y
m" “Eznlglo:vRalhuoll,'Doug as Uphom. Bob Morrlti
Waller Poul, Rah-rt Slum-on, Too Moon Lre
John Folio

 

{- l .

m L
' Ir , I

Cartoonist

, LiPotver

 

T‘Gl'f:

ICOMMUNICA T10 S.

Questions Authority

To the Editors:

i would like to state my reasons
for my resignation as Photography
Editor for the Albany Student
Press. Mr. Galu’s editorial of
Friday, October 29, 1965 endorsing
Mayor Erastus Corning for re-
election showed absolute disregard
for the opinions of his staff. This
editorial was approved by Mr.
Silverman and as such was stated
as the official position of the Al-
bany Student Press.

While according to the Constitu-
tion editors have the right to use
the ASP in their editorials, it
should also be known that News-
board, with the exception of Mr.
Sllverman and Mr. Galu, was in
unanimous disapproval of the Edi-
tors‘ actions.

I objoct to an Editor taking such
liberatles with a student publica-
lion and his total disregard for
staff opinion.

I also object to the qualities of
the editorial for it was noteworthy
for its convenient omissions.

This editorial totally ignored
the detrimental effects of the cor-
rupt political machine that con-
trols Albany.

Of course this is not the only
editorial that showed such ir-
responsibility (see Glasshouse,
part I and part ll, in the Septem-
ber 17th and the September 28th
issues, for example).

i have asked to be relieved of
my position and that my name be
removed from the masthead, for
I cannot have my name associated
with a newspaper that holds such
political views (those of Mr, 0qu
and Mr. Silvermun.

Klaus Schnitzer

Opposes Editorial

To the Editor,

In response to your editorial of
Friday, October 22, 1905, con-
cerning “Corning for Mayor” I
would like to make the following
comments and raise the following
questions:

1. Wllero did the editor receive
his information on tile polltlclnl
workings of Albany? llow long has
he been forced to llvo under this
"machine" and see its effects?

2. From what source did the
editor “learn” that Mr. Jacob
()ltsllullksy lint: no Internet ill be-
coming Mllyur’! \Vullld bu llilvc
lnndo llll illu spuccbcs Ilo lild,
visited the slums illnl llodid, stood
on street corners grouting voters
and pushing out campaign litera-
ture "S In: dld, spent his own
money on ll campaign as he did,

if he did not want to li0l3llll|0 tile

 

not seem reasonable that he would
have to stoop such chicanery to
receive a judgeship that life doubt-
ful that be even wants.

4. Simply because Mayor Corn-
ing is completing his sixth term
does not make him “unquestionably
qualified" — not if a better man
with fresh ideas and outlook comes
along. The only thing that makes
Corning "unquestionably quali-
fied" (and only by the O’Connell-
crat Party at that) is the fact that
he has the backingof Daniel O'Con-
nell. -
Here is an example of what kind
of city Albany has grown into un-
der the “watchful guidance" and
shrewd handling of “kindly” old
"Uncle Dan” ... Two weeks ago I
was at a shopping center handing
out campaign literature for Mr.
Olsbansky. In the course of one
hour, five people declined to take
the literature on the grounds that
a member of their family worked
for the city and they were afraid
to be seen with it. As one woman
said, "No thank you, my husband
works for the city. He'd kill me
if I got him in trouble for it.”

Tile Democrats of this city,
headed by Daniel O'Connell, have
it under their thumb. What kind
of a free or democratic city can
we have when people react as
that woman did? For the capitol
city of New York State, [think
we‘re in a sorry mess. Be it Mr.
Olshansky or not, I think a change
is needed. After all,“A new broom
sweeps clean.”

A Native Albanian
Marsha Nadell

Audit Report

To the Editor,

When so many outsiders are be-
coming aware and concernodabout
the profit-making policies in all
the bookstores in the State Uni-
versity system, it Is amazing that
you have failed to notice or com-
ment on the selling policies of
our own bookstore. How come?

Joan Schmidt

Thanks ASP /

To file Editor,

Muito obrlgadn to you, your
photographer and to Cylitllln Good-
lnnll for your llrllclc on the do-
Vol()|llilg program in Portuguese
Studios. Miss Goodman did an ex-
cellent job of bringing together
all of lilo random thoughts and
possibilities flint l throw at her.

I liilppily report that mildnrilclu
llllh‘ crcntcd lnucli student lnlorcst
in lilo language and culture of
llrnzll.

Atc logo,

Judy Ilcld Monanur
Instructor of Spanish
and Portuguese

Mayor of Albany and help it grow
into the kind of city it could be?

3. Does the editorbavencrystal
ball from which be learned Mr.
Olsllnnnky’s “apparent purpose"
of getting into the race in order
in obtain a iudgosllip'.‘ Mr.Olahull-- Christopher l"l‘y'8"l’ll()8lllx'l'00
sky has more than n substantial Frequent" win he premmmd “mm
“W “"0"” "W “M ‘5' l" “‘W' Gordon Eyo tonight. if wlll feature
lion, liil Assistant Attorney Gen. readings by Mary Senor, Mary

GOLDEN EYE

 

  ~ g... "

' by Douglas Rothch

. One would think that after all
his years of service that old vil-
lain Fu Manchu would be allowed
by the motion picture industry to
rest in peace. in his heyday he
had been properly frightening, al-
though corny, and such ..stars as
Warner Oland and Boris Karloff
had made his name one to be
reckoned with when it came to
listing the top screen villains.

Now he has been resurrected,
or rather, disinterred, by pro-
ducers Oliver A. Unger and Har-
ry Alan Towers in a film called
“The Face of Fu Manchu.” It is
disheartening to report that the
new Fu Manchu is very short on
fright, but still as cory as ever.

Power-Hungry

The new Fu Manchu, played by
Christopher Lee, hasn’t changed
as far as his basic character is
concerned, for lie is still pre-
sented as a power-hungry Oriental
,who. wants to rule the world by
any and all means. Tllis time the
key to success for Fu Mancliu's
sadistic, mean, evil, nasty and
wicked plans is a poppy, particu-
larly the rare black-seeded poppy
of Tibet. '

Ah, but Fu does not go around
dumping black poppy seeds info
the public drinking water. l-ie’s
much too mean and nasty to let
the world off that easy. Besides,
he has to follow the script, which
says he has to abduct some sci-
entlsls so that they can be forced
to turn the poppy seeds into a
lethal liquid.

Exotic and lmprollcol
Fu has an elaborate headquar-
ters, complete with sliding doors
a in Dr. No directly under the
River Thames in London.Although
his choice of location may seem
overly exotic and slightly imprac-

S'illl‘l ‘BelloW’s
locks Sense

by Larry Epstein

if one literary theme bad to be
chosen that most nearly expresses
the Zeitgeist of post-World War
American fiction, that theme would
be desperation, a feeling of alleli-
ation, a desire to get out, yet
lacking the will-power to do so.

The best contemporary Writer
confronting this problem is Saul
Bellow.

Yet other than ills l‘occnl “llcr-
zog,” and possibly “Tllc Adven-
tures of Augie March," fciv road-
ers can connect llcllow’s name
with any other writings.

Human Esrrongomont

During his nurturing period,
Bellow experimented with Vill'lllllS
\Vllys of expressing his artistic
and human csirnngclllcnl.

One such cxporilnoln, published
in 1944, was “Dangling Milli," a
colllpurutively short llUVOl about
a mall waiting to be drained.

Tho book is iii the form of n
dinl‘y. “There was ll time when
people were ill the habit of illi-
drosslllg themselves frequently
and felt no nillllnc lit milking a
record of their inward lrnllsuc-
lions. But to keep n jllllrlllll ll()\V.’l-
dllyti is considered :1 kind of self-
indulgence, ll wollkilcsh, and In
poor tunic. For this lh’ :lll (ll'il ol'
llnrdllulleddom."

Lilo of Fruodom
There in liltlo l'cul plot to lllc
novel, lll tllu Hollno [but it is n
Mary of tho llbslll'd. There are
just lllclllllllgluss incidents in ll
life of froodom.

But Joseph, the (lllll‘lh‘l, It; lloudod
for the army, llll army of rogl-
llloulniloil, of obeying orders, of
llugiliillg individual responsibility.
This in tho llfo Joseph looks for-
ward to. lie liOOIlb‘ this sort of
existence because he cannot cope

After all, who would look for him
in the Thames? 'r
So there he sits in his little

imperial headquarters, collecting
scientists, giving Scotland Yard a
hard time and liquidating a few
people on the side.

But just like every self-respect-
ing Moriarty type, Fu Manchu has
his own private Sherlock Holmes
in the person of his arch-enemy,
inspector Nayland Smith. It seems
that every time poor Fu is about
to move into high gear, Nayland
Smith always come along and de-

saying "Tune in for the next ex-
citing episode." '

Wrong Actor

Had producers Unger and Tow-
ers selected an Oriental actor to
play the part of Fu Manchu, much
of this film might have been some-
what frightening, if not at least
more authentic. The casting of
Christopher Lee as the Chinese
Fu Manchu us exceeded in stu-
pidity only by the choice of Sal
Mineo as an Indian in “Cheyenne
Autumn."

just can’t evolve into n meaningful

prives llim either of his poppies,

his k d ‘
1nlperiigalfgsgquiitlgﬂsl or his screen time sucklngpeople's blood
' or searching for fans leaves, is

indeed, Fu lives a frustrating badly miscast here. He is about

life, but he does have Ills golden as Chinese-looking as Harry Tru-

moments in the film. At one point, man and about as frightening as

when he has the poppy seed for- Hayley Mills. Even wllenisdrown-

mula almost perfected, Ile broad- inc 8 girl in one of his underwater

casts to the world via the BBC torture chambers he seems bored

that be will perform some mon- with the whole thing.

strous evil if he is not obeyed.

He knows he won't be, and that Polfllylng Inspector

gives him the splended chance to COM inspector Nayiand Smith,

wipe out an English town of three played by Nigel Green. however.

thousand people, sports a countenance that at times

is petrifyfng. As an actor, Mr.

Green is much more competent

Fu's Fun
than Mr. Lee and be ives an ef-
However, Fll’s funisshortlived, feciive, ii at ’umes “Emmy. per...

for inspector Nayland Smith, after to
rmance.
a good deal of deducting and detect- T .
lng, finds out that his arch-enemy of sailing:hhffugéoiggggifﬁe
is right there below the Thames. good, one" verging on excelling,
As usual, Fu Manchu escapes The color is pleasing, the photog-
md runs 0“ to Tibet to pick some raplly professional in every sense,
     .
via one of those brainstorms that met or g-
inall turned out f ‘
Scotlarid Yard detectives always about, Fu Manchu i?li;t::lrlyl‘i(i’i::::
Seem ° 99‘ “l “'6 “EM m°meniv that the world will indeed bear
2 from that villain again. For their
next Fu film, the producers would

9 ,
by blowing to smltllereens not only 228352;: [ﬁrtegolfgelz’lggynszguﬁ

5 :81 billaihe. Dali“ Llama and his least looks mean, evil, wicked,
I e a me. as well. But. wmle sadistic and nasty. If they do
he kpallilc‘e ls still going up In maybe F‘u will feel a little less,
Smo 9. t 8 he“) hears the 06185- hurt for being brought back from
tial voice of iris enemy say, "The such a pleasant slumber.

“fir won. lillalles Highlights
of Optimism liellllt of Thursday

by William Gross
"Thursday," a magazine of

This malaise, Says Bellow, ls poetry and reviews made its first
at the very root of evil. “Radix appearance last week and its sec-
lnnlorum est wenriness of life.” and yesterday. Its purpose, as

stated by the editors is to “recog-

As far as the HOVBI 3095. it 15 nlze, ill print, Worthwhile literary
successful. But it does not go for sharia 0,, ihe pa” oi faculty, sh“
enouah. Bellow show-5 ‘1 ""1" 0‘“ dellts and residents of the Albany
of step, be effectively portrays area.
snatches of absurdity, but for Jo- The first issue sinned wiih 3
Sell“, “'0 anti-“em. W110 Shows “5 safe article, one on tile Dante year
one man’s battle ugulllslexistclice, by Din Odehhimhen of the depth.“
lilel'e is “0 anti-Josef)“. a Person mont of humanities and compara-
ﬂndlncu meaning to life. live literature. Then it got to the

, . . , poetry. As lll all strident publica-

Mnlhe Bellow “a swim" a “m” tiolls willcll prillt student poetry,
the poetry section bad to be filled
up. Most of the poetry was quite
good, and one gets the impression
that the rest was more filler, space
that might better have been filled
with old lliatcll books.

()nc poem that l fool was pur-
licilllll'ly good \ililh' Ilnl Noukcs'
“‘ I". - liloﬁ." Nonkos, author
of u volllmc of verse collected
under the title “Young Sun,” cap-
lill'cd beautifully lllc pntllus of file
anllqunlcd llvmltc-gardo.

Ai'lcl' lilo, poetry section there
Wilh‘ ll review ill "The Couch With
the Six insides," nll ndnplllilon of
"l-‘Illllogllnn Willie.” it’s n bltiiwk-
WIll'll lii l'i‘VlL‘W a review, Usililf'llllly
sillci- l clnim to bc :lcqilllinlcdwilll
ilic ill'Ulllulllﬁ of n rovicwor. So
I’ll l‘OHll'li‘l myself to tallying find
I Olljuyoll reading it except for ll
fow pbl'utics \Vlllf’ll l‘eVlCWOl'S Hill'll
as mysclf and MG) lend to over
use, “The lllllliii‘ ... is vaguely
illsuppollillllg,” or "ii fluid dy-
namic lllllluspllul'c.”

ill spite of Hull“) few faults
which i'vc monliollod, “'l‘llul'sduy"
is doflnilnly worth reading, ulldl
sincerely hope that the editors
not: ill to continue their publica-
llon. They can only do II with tile
help of the shutout body. Contri-
buttons are needed, especially
money. It inked about fifteen dol-
llll‘S to publish one issue of ll
muguzlilo such as “'I‘bursduy."

Literary contributions are IllSu
needed. Silbllllt them via student

Lee, who usually spends his

to and follows him. Naturally, b
spoils Fu’s plans again, this tim

being from his present existence,
yet it is unfortunate for llellow's
characters that the attempt is not
even made.

Hungry Oriental Still" Corny
tlcal,- it is nevertheless shrewd.  21222;; tram: 352;“:

THIS CRYING' Viotnomssc child shows Bernie Kolonborg's
attempt to portray the human side of the war.

on stage

. by Diane Somorvillc

The setting may be a living room in New Orleans
during Mardi Gras, a bench in Central Park,or even
hell. The author may be an Irish poet or an Ameri-
can humorist. Characters run the gamut from a
six-foot baby to a 19th—century London socialite
through the Biblical Abraham, and their portrayals
are. sometimes surprisingly polished, sometimes
disappointingly amateurish. The differentiating fac-
tor lies in the director, for he is, in every case,
a student. This is the phenomenon known to drama
enthusiasts-on campus as the A.D.’s.

These productions are a function of the speech
112 class, dramatic direction. The name itself is a
misnomer, a carryover from the_days when the
course was called advanced direction, but the per-
sistence of the old term is perhaps indicative of the
affection with which such shows are regarded. Con-
ducted with a more informal atmosphere than SUT
productions, they have traditionally been the testing
ground for some of State's most outstanding talent.

According to Mr. James Leonard, who currently
teaches the course, selections are usually of amore
unconventional, avant-garde nature than the major
SUT productions could afford to be. It is not unusual
for ll selection to be drawn from off-Broadway, and
may be either a short play or excerpts from a longer
work. He emphasizes the laboratory aspect of pro-
ductions, and feels that the class, small andlnformal
as it is (this semester's enrollment totals two), is
more of a problem seminar than an actual lecture
session. Since the technical aspects of all A.D.‘s
are kept to ll minimum, the single most important
factor is the success of the actor-director relation-
ship.

The initial set of A.D.’s for the '65-’66 season,
which bowed October 19 and 20, were perhaps the
finest here in recent years. Directors Paula Mi-
chaels and Carol Hiatt showed commendable wis-
dom in their choice of plays — “Infancy” and
“Childhood,” collectively billed as “Two by Wil-
der.” Undoubtedly their single biggest asset, in
addition to their own considerable skill as direc—
tors. lay in finding casts which were more than
capable of doing their share in the creative pro-
cess. The result was an exceptionally fine set of
po rformllnccs meritlng luurols for all.

A card of thanks also to John Fotirl and Helen
$1011 for their fine presentations Friday and Sutur-
dlly nights. in addition to the normal obstacles,
Fotiu and Miss Stoll were plagued by new handi-
caps, ranging from illness to innvaililbillty of re-
licilrsnl space, but nonetheless managed to continue
in the grand old manner. Once again, luurels to all.

agjiﬁfacitg .2.

Schenectady Museum. Chagall, improssionism.
2l30-5l00 p.nl.

Noyomhcr 7

American Ballot Thooiro. Schenectady Civic
Program. Proctor's Thouiro, Schonocrndy, 8100
i pun.

November 8

Novomhor‘? Compass improvisation Thootro. Dromotics

with a life wherein he must make

his uwuduclsmna, Council Goon Artists. Pogo Hall. 8l30 pm.

i lid 4 i ih tillers and should be signs-l. Communications should in limllod to
 f:§:ﬂ::'¢l:rsllnh‘i:ctbioaudit“: Th: Mitocny Student Prur alrumu no rnponrihllliy for opinions "plus-

8”" [or "9‘" “Wk Sm“- M‘” Woerle, and llruua Daniela.
in ill column! or communications as such expressions do not nrcurorlly roll-cl Its views. ‘

such professional Hucfloh‘li, It would mull.

 

'1 rim...” -Ie...<.... ii.

 

