  

 
 

      

 
 
 
 

  

TOE DANE RUNNER .loe Keeting crosses the finishing line
first in o roce'oa o lroah lost your. Keoting placed second in
’the Montcloir meet loet Saturday.

WM

A modern dance program. under from 7-9 pm. in Page Gym. This
."the leadership of Miss Torres, will program will begin on Tuesday,
but" 0" T0991”. 591". 23- All 139,- September 28, and all interested
Sinners are Welcome to Wand the persons are encouraged to join. Dr.
Tuesday sessions, while the Thurs- Cabana, of the physical education
day meetings are 101' the IdVanced departmen , will be the instructor.
dancers only.
from 7-9 p.m. in room 116 of the
Unitarian Church.
A co-ed gymnastic club has been tions on Thursday night at 7:30 pm.
formed which will meet on Tuesday in Page g’ym.

The group meets
There will be che‘erleading try-
outs for freshmen and varsity posi-

 

Draper Hull

CASH '

FOR YOUR

Books

HALL OUTSIDE BOOKSTORE
135 WESTERN AVE.

WEDNESDAY - SEPT. 29th
THURS. - SEPT. 30th

 

whether used here or not
Text, Reference, Profeeeienel
WE'lL BUY ANY BOOK RESALABLE

BARNES & NOBLE

INCORPORATED

Please Present
Student I. D. Card
When Selling Books

STA TE UNI V ERSITY
BOOKSTORE

Ext 129

135 Western Ave. Albany, N.Y.

 

' Montqlair frosh, 20-41. Mike Atwe

He particularly pointed
out the run of sophomore

L Bob Mulvey as being out-
standing. lie named the

team's number three man
“Runner of the Meet.”
The State harri‘ers were paced by

‘ sophomore Joe Keating. He placed

second in the meet, even though he
broke the course record. The win-
ner was Jim Harris, who was timed
in 24:12.3 over the 4.8 mile course:
Keating’s time was 24:38.

The Danes placed second, third,
sixth, seventh, and ninth to total 2'7
points.

The win was the eighteenth dual
meet win. in a row for the State
harriers.

Newcomer Paul Durbin placed
third in the meet, topping the Mont-
clair captain Ralph Vernacchia by
a single step. Munsey also called
Durbin’s run "outstanding."

Mulvey was the next Albany run-
ner to cross the line, copping the
sixth position the meet.

Kirik Seventh
Co-captain Ken Kirik placed sev-
enth in the meet, fourth for the
Danes. Doug Garner finished ninth
in the race, thus clinching the meet
for State.

Co-captain Bob Flick, the team’s
number two man, Jerry Baker, Dane
number five, and alternate Mike

due to injuries.
The next meet for State is a

mines which runners will compete
in the annual LeMoyne Invitation next
week.

Fresh Win
The State frosh gave rookie coach
Tom Robinson a winning debut, as

Montclair frosh, 20-41.

Mike Atwell set a frosh record
over the Montclair 2.4 mile course,
turning in a fine 11:51.1 clocking.

Leaf (6), and Paul Breislin ('7).

The frosh will have a dual meet
with Siena immediately after the
varsity meet on Wednesday. Neith-

lost to Siena.

About the upcoming meets, Mun-
sey said: “if we’re (Varsity) at
full strength, we'll be tough. The
fresh should do well."

--The- Albany State Varsity cross-
-Montolair' State. N.J.. 27-28, even
its number two and five men. n am i "team Victory
at his team’s showin and he ca e e w n a .
‘runners' for their ef‘forts in the meet. The fresh also scored a win. topping the
11 set a course record en route to a win; .

n. i- .

 

av

country team registered .an upset win over
though the team ran Without the services of
Coach R. Keith Munsey was extremely "surprised"

DANE DEFENSEMEN Tim Jursuk and Mike Hampton watch or

” as he cited several

   

the hell is being deflected from the goal in on intro-squad scrim-
moge last week. Jurseh and Hampton were starting players in
lost Saturday’s loss to Quinnipioc.

Boaters Drop Opener,

Lose to Quinnipiac 3-2

The Albany State varsity soccer team saw a 2—1

Parker did not compete 1n the meet late fourth period lead vanish in the final three min-

utes of play as the Dane booters bowed toQunni-

double-dual contest with Siena and Diac. 3'2. in the season Opener: The Great Danes
Utica at home. This meet deter- opened up the scoring with a goal by Getachew Hab-

teh—Ylmer at 16:23 of the first period.

Quinnlpia wasted no
time in evening the score

as Mike Budaj tallied from

20 feet out 58 seconds later.

the Dane yearlings trounched the The score remained tied
- for the firest of the first

half.
Maurice Tsododo, Albany's high

scoring forward, booted home a
Atwell was trailed by State's Don penalty kick at 16:14 of the third
Beevers (2), Bill Mathews (4), Dave quarter to give the Danes the lead
for the second time in the game.

The game remained close for the
final minutes of the third quarter
and for half of the final session.
er State frosh nor varsity have But at that point Quinnipica, which
had been substituting freely through-
out the contest, began to penetrate

deep into State territory.

The weary Albany defenders were
hard-pressed at numerous in-
stances, and key saves by full-

backs Tim Jursak and Dick Szyman-
ski managed to stave off the Indian
attack.

But at 19:25 of the final quarter,
Bill Fuchs leaped high in the air
in front of the Dane goal to head in
a shot.

Then, exactly one minute and
three seconds later, Fuchs scored
again amidst a strong of both State
and Quinniplac players to score the
winning goal.

The game was played under a
cloudy sky with a brisk fall wind
crossing the field. Approximately
300 loyal fans viewed the game.

The Danes looked good for most
of the game, but the team was ob—
viously suffering from adepthprob-
lem. -

The next game for the Danes is
at home next Saturday against Mont-
clair.

 

 

 

 

it more

Hundreds of titles to select from
.JDHN MISTLETDE BDDKSHDP

Illa WAIHINBTON AVENUE
ALBANV, NEW VDRK laalD

Albany’s First Stop for the Student

t SALE
Buy 1 PAPERBACK FOR 9

Get Another for

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

   

 

  
  
 
 
 
  

  

 

ALBANY a. NEW YORK

Debate, Workshop
in. Begin Today

Debate Council will
sponsor its first debate
workshop starting Friday,
October 1, on the new na—
tional debate topic, “Re-
solved: That law enforce-
ment agencies in the Uni-
ted States should be given
greater freedom in the in-
vestigation and prosecution
of crime.”

Dr. Fergus Currie, Executive
Secretary of the Committee on in-
ternational Discussion and Debate
of the Speech Association of Amer-
ica, will open the two day campus
debate workshop on Friday, October
1, at 1:25 p.m. in Draper 146.

Currle's address, to center on the
value of debate in the world today,
will keynote the session. Accordln
to Mr. David Fractenberg, director
of debate at S.U.N.Y. at Albany, the
workshop is slated to study various
debate techniques as they relate to
the national debate topic, and some
implications of this topic.

The topic is chosen annually by
a committee of the Speech Asso-
ciation of America. Their choice C . 
is usually one involved with a prob-    
item of current interest throughout

e U. S. . ' ‘ ‘

US$93?“ teamstaclms’s the country PreSident Collins began his weeklypress confer-
e same 0 ' ‘ ' ‘
p l. or an entire ences wtth the ASP Mondayafternoon Withadiscussion

season of debating thus each de- -
We m the senesvauows expem of topics ranging from student membership on faculty

memauoﬁ ,0 Improve methods of committees to expansion of SUNYA’s enrollment In
presents on. re ard ‘ ' .

M 2:30 W". I" Draper 146’ v6“ cog“! to putting students on faculty committees, Dr.
mm H. Bailey, head or the “3.1. H '1 .3 expressed hlS intention to accomplish this
office in the Albany area, will de- WIthm the new“ few weeks",
liver an address on law enforce-

VOL. LI. NO. 2'8

State llniversity:1'[,0ml.»a

The twentieth annual conference of the New York '
State Community Theatre Association will be held in
Albany for the fifth consecutive year. it was disclosed
by Mr. Edward Mendus, publicity director for the
State University Theatre. Scheduled for October 8-10,
the conference activities will take place in Page Hall
and the Thruway Motor In", Mr. Yeaton, whose professional

plans for the conference tsigainltneg includes work with Lee
workshop include Sessions nylon?illl‘dsthiglggrlgllnmlll;
on actmg’ directing, musi- University and the University of
ca] production, and others, Washington, and has worked with

theatre. rou
to be conducted by well- Ohio, anrignngliyl.n St' Lame?" Em’

know}? artistjs in the re- The musical productions session
Spectlve fields. will be a symposium and discus-
H'Il‘hebgpenlng eigent of the session Risegﬁfngafe’ggfoniﬁeaxgs M“
w a per ormance of Max ‘ com-
Frisch’s play “Bledermann and the aggﬁfzaﬁraue: and wm discuss
$31335” {101119 Pelrlormed by the lems Partl‘cualgr :rh‘ptligitstil:nwlllohe
C so It vers ty Ensemble . ' .
grip-e. denim; is a  com- ﬁlial? Shiite “illité‘mii’i
1 on apa n ublic and w
me. y P Private little or no experience in this type

P : ed . C . . da'l‘icitelt: foorttlgeperformance,Fri- or pmducnon' .
I y n l c 8 z . .
res], ent olhns Begins page gall. ar: 3.? 5328.13.12" if; PWleSSM l0 llll'BCl
goxzﬁof’iélce. Studentdprlices will be u I - y
. on re
balcony. Rissrvedasglafslzrl‘etoallsl:  s 
available in the orchestra at $2.50.

Attendance at the workshops is  

ops‘rjilto anyﬁnterested .students;-ac-

cor pg 0 endus. There will beno “ l 4

fee for student Participants, but it Edwm E." Reilly' Jr" has

is mandatory that they complete been appomted direcmr Of

registration procedures on Friday, the compuung center Wthh

Oct. 8, from 5:30 to 7:00, or Sat- is to be establ‘ h d

urday, October 9, from 8:30 to . . ls e at the

mom Universxty in the near fu-

The actinlglworkshop, on Saturday ture-

_ ' morn ng, wl be conducted 11 Mr. R

ment, on memo“ of semen and f At the present time, the He added later that because the Anthony Mannlno, director of the opeletllgnwg’tll: rfglﬁznsigg {or 3:9

seizure, and on tecnnlques of law 801.119, committees are or_ structure was changing so rapidly, Anthony ManninoStudioinNew York. organization of a series ofocro e

enforcement agendas. Bailey’s ad- gamzmg for the year, and it was often a matter orniaking the The session will explore the subtle- puter science courses integratm-

dress wm provme bacmmund “1- their lists of member I.” people you have and fitting them ties of rehearsal techniques.0ppoi~- the use of modern methods int all

{ormatwn for preparation or the . ' syn in. tunities will be provided for at- aspects of universit a if it o
be compliedma Short tlme. tendees to participate in rehearsal eventually leading toy tn: girdlnlllg

national topic.

0" October 2 “10:30 alm- four Once the facul lists are exercises if they wish. Attendance of baccalaurea
debaters will stage a deba'te In complete Pr tyd t C Several questions were raised at the session is limited, and res- grees in compulzrasnccl graduate da-
Husced 150. Currie wm be present ' . , 6S1 en 0]— concerning the new campus. Dr, ervations are necessary. He is a graduate (Single. 1
to later analyze the debate as if llns Wu] appomt the Stu- Collins stated that there had been Mr. Kelly Yeaton, familiar to Polytechnic Institute whefdlshs: :er
will have been presented. dent members. 30 found] attempt to survey siu- Albany theatre buffs through his ceived a bachelor of science ande-

M 2:00 “Inna-1501” “listed 150 D. C I ents now living on the new cam- work with the Arena Theatre this master of sciencedegrs l h 3
Harold Asmara, special counsel io’ Clm‘dn COH'IIE'hSm‘SKll'i'IEIItetl Pinat' iDrE puts for sluggestious for changing summer, is in charge of the direct- Reilly worked at Geneiallh’llgjlfiS-
State Supreme Court J ‘ . c, I ce resn en u urc quot rangles. ing workshop also scheduled c
Wm explain prosecuuggﬁigmljallenl of Student Affairs, 15 now working This was due primarily to the Saturday mmlmng fI'Om 10‘00 “l; company Knous Atomic Power Lab-
and various Supreme CD” t J] 1.95 through Central Council to obtain fact that “the dorms are not being 12:00. . oratory for nine years during WMCh
Sims that apply tome "anon; wig:- ine names of stEdents who lure in- used as they were planned to be Nationally recognized as anarena Zgidgﬁlmﬁgsme (“gum analyst and

- ei'cs or ill wor mg on SUCl com- used. Thev are overcrowded “ expert, he is associate Prof ' '
, . . essor of He is a member of the American

   mittecs. lie did indicate, however, that Theatre at Pennsylvania State Unl- Physical Society and a past presi

minor changes will be built into Varsity and Director of the Arts dent of the local chapterofthe A550
0
Program Tonight

 

    

WORK ON THE Academic complex at the new com us hes a '
been halt d b t'h . T ' ' ' ' P gum
have wan:ed oy‘tl'hiirfiizbs'hls time it Is the cement Workers who

New Campus Exports ion

lie expressed the hope that stu
A - future quadrangles. While the o t- Com an it ii
dents would have memberJ . u P y mm. is research has ciation {or Com
“practically a” commftzélésgl"  appgaiaance will trenfialn the ICentered! around the Process 0f 1'8- As education fol'p:dérlfatx:c:d:§hl.
Those whm] I . , prangenlen 0 rooms iearsa n acting and directing de- - -
'9 would excludewould on the inside will provide for the Veloping and exploring concepts in :gliiihtgllthirlsgﬁlh tifhiiliggllldgllt:

. be those - ‘ v .
The Golden Eye will hold its fix st “’“cemed “m‘de‘m "‘“11'15' lloustllg of 84-100 more students. the use of space for theatrical Pur- {1.0m twelve area high schools p"
ticipated. '

program or the yearmmgm ampm. the future standing of a student or H - - .

with a discussion of "The Function tummy member ‘“ “‘9 “"h'erSI‘y- Slilt‘ectttll‘[SdgllffltlzsgfuylliIlllﬁzllzlzs poses.
of Existentialism Today.” The dia- HI . P H students. I ‘
ogue will feature Dr. Morris Ber- ""9 ° “"5 " - ' ‘ - ~

Ber of the school of education and Quesu‘ms were “We” 35 [U “1“- dishlllisl:::l%1fetll: it‘ll’llllf‘eleed lvlv1th a
Robert Garwin of the philosophy de- 3115\l’ouft'lesll" “"1"” “"935 0f “‘9 01' SUNYA Dr Collins :tlaltZdlrlllgt
Partment. ﬁrst 3’- " regard to Sruduatc . v '- '  .

After the two professors state “SSlstmlls'ltl’sv DI" Chm“ "0”" :tllllllcellllfglldtOgtlnffulll(fluted e”-
the different phases ofcxisiential- memed' "we “3cm” “5 Widely ‘13 Elem-S” in 1674 llu :iillllillitelqglv:
15,", the discussion Wm be open ,0 possible for our graduate assistant- nulls mm“, “,8”  1: 000 “:1
quesuuns from the “00!.- ships, then we take the most qual- The new campus 1.;lgjdelf)?olmi'

The Golden Eye is a coffee hour we” WWW-H gather with the old CalllDllScjtfllmi-
sponsored under the auspices of In the urea oi"iulministratiou, he will HCCOmIHOthB 6 000 People kl
the (.ampus Christian Council and indicated that funny people WGI'C‘ DP- (3011105 3150 éﬂld that SllOUld
is held in the basement of the belng brought in from other unl- the need arise. there is rhom on
Madison Avenue Presbyterian versitics because of “the shift in the New tinnitus foreximndingclass-
(.hui'ch, 820 Madison Avenue. structural organization" which the rooms and residences to accommo-

It is intended as a place for ser- university is undergoing. date 20,000 SludelltS.
ious discussion, challenging issues, The administration is now divided
folk singing and readings of poetry into three definite areas: student 
and plays. personnel, administrative matters, The follow] ‘ . -

It is open to the faculty and stu- and academic affairs. This shift has n, u. "g S a conemm" to
dents with the conviction that the created many new positions, al- 8:11., do Stating requirements for
University needs an opportunity for though in many cases the duties of cm; (2'85 to me new jumc‘ary'
faculty and students to meet on an these positions have not changed udu, D "so" {my "at serve m “M
informal basis. substantially. orgaryii$335"Klagmljgrjsmmiii'led

T n u ” ssoca 0

he ame Golden Eye comes in filling these positions, Dr. on board level or above or an 0mm:

iation organize.

      

PART OF THE FUN en Univeralt S or D l I

tug-olkut end romping through theymupd'irl “ll: mienfs'lldndl':
The intercteu event will begin at l pun. tomorrow on Uni-
versity field.

I .
r
..._..,_..,_..a. .. ..._.,.,,__. g  "w n Id I

froth the title on at b - u .
McCullers. )Ook y Carson Collins stated that we fly to get “1 any StudemAssoc

  

“19 best Person available for slob," “on.”

_..h........s~a.....,_,. ~v.......,a....._.. nah W__ __ V” H

 

  
  

.. _. «.4...

~ .,~... n.
so «~qar‘“‘ -‘

 

