 

.. —:.WKWA.MMI.WWVzMﬁsu-e.wvmm§.ijng.w_

,- something
achierse aboutm film .which other-
wise should be highly‘lauded. It is

’ disturbing to‘ have to say, in spite
“of all a film’s excellent qualities -

superb filming, top-patch acting, a
strong, ‘forceful screenplay — that
somewhere along the line someone
important made a big mistakena
mistake that shows up with nagging
persistence throughout the film.
Such is the case with Kenneth Hy-
man's' production of “The Hill."

“The Hill” is the lilm version of
the Ray Rigby story sbout ‘sadism
and inhumanity in a British prison
compound during World War II. it
stars Sean Connery, Ossle Davis
and Harry Andrews and was directed
by veteran Sidney Lumet.

0n the whole it is a stunningfilm,
bold, startling and brutally realis-
tic, and therein lies its problem -
it is too realistic, too authentic to
be appreciated by even some of the
art-film audience, much less the

general public.

British Army Lita ,

"The Hill” concerns British
Army life in the Second World War,
specifically a North African com-
pound for the “bad sort" of British
soldiers who have been convicted
of various offenses and sent there
for punishment.

The bill itself is a steeply-sloped
mass of rock and sand over which
the inmates are made to hike with
full pack equipment, usually until
they drop. The basic plot of the
film involves the struggle of one
cell block of these men against the
tyranny of their sadistic keeper.

Difficult Dialogue

This may all sound fine and dandy,
and indeed the screenplay is excel-
lent. Tha only problem, and it is a
big one, is that a good quarter to a
third of the dialogue is either hard
to decipher, or totally incompre-
hensible. Lumet has tried to achieve
the ultimate in realism in this film
and his good intentions are to be
triglin praised.

Hence, to any British Army regu-
lar, or for that matter, any British
filingoer, the film’s dialogue will
probably not prove to be the least
bit disturbing. However, the aver-

age merican filmgoer, unac a
tame, I I
military language and custom, i

7very likely to become‘annoyed

the mumbled, incomprehensible dia-
logue. During a number of scenes in
the film, some of-them title to ten
minutes in length, the viewer may
have trouble catching even one word
out of three. ' ,

It is unfair to make a viewer have
to strain and lean forward in his
seat, his hand cupped around his
ear, trying to decipher dialogue aslf
he were.at a foreign .filni without
subtitles. If Hyman and Lumet had
been content to settle lust for art
house patrons, their sin would not
have been as great as it is, and the
dialogue might have been excused.
But they both must have known,
surely, that to place a top box of-
fice star like Connery in the lead
was to open the film to the eyes of
the general movie public.

Lumet Gets Blame

Much of the blame for the film’s
muddled dialogue lies with the di-
rector, Sidney Lumet. Lumet on the
whole does a fine job with “The
Hill." The actors all perform ad-
mirably under him, his camera work
is exceptional, even for him, and he
handles the subject matter intelli-
gently and with purpose. But it
seems that Mr. Lumet, possibly
striving for a higher art than his
previous films had achieved, may
have forgotten that his film was,
as are all Anglo-American films,
prhnarily made to be shown to an
English-speaking audience.

Truc Merits

llowever, all tlils criticism must
not be mistaken as demeaning the
true merits of an important and
noble film. It is merely a qualify-
ing factor that each filingoer must
consider before he makes his de-
cision to see the film. For, apart
from the annoyance of the garbled
dialogue, here is a film of great
conviction and purpose, a frighten—
ing study of the inhumanity of men
and of tlleluselessness of outmoded
discipline measures in a modern
army of intelligent human beings.

Gems of Acting
Neither must the dialogue prob-
lem be allowed to overshadow some
real gems of acting. llarry Andrews
gives a strong, absolutely convincing

C,“
to such dialects and'British,

who ~-'runs? his: camp according. to,“
outmoded'Victorian rules of disci-_
pline.:'Ossie Davis; as a West In-'
dian prisoner, is great to say the ,

:least‘anti’ln the scene where he

throws-off his uniform and declares
his. independence of the British
Army, he is hilarious. Davis is sure
to garner a few armloads of awards
for his fine portrayal.

" 007 Acts

Sean" Connery’s performance is
everything the critics have said of
it. it may indeed prove a shock to
many to discover that James Bond
can really act. lie is strong and
competent, though not extraordi~
nary, throughout the film. Although
he is often overshadowed by Davis,
when he finally gets to play a highly
dramatic scene with the Sergeant
Major (Andrews), he is astonisth

, good .

Despite its faults, "The llill” is
definitely worth seeing. The dia-
logue, thank goodness, is most of
the time not reallyimportantenough
to distract the viewer from what is
taking place in the scene and usually
the action ls sufficient in itself to
convey the purpose of the scene.
The viewer, however, is forewarned.

Members of Faculty
Attend library l'alk

Five members of the faculty and
a number of' students from the
School of Library Science and four
members of the I-lawley Library
staff atended the '72nd Annual Con-
ference of the New York Library
Association held in Buffalo Octo-
ber 27-30.

Dr. Susan Smith and Vincent Aceto
of the lviawley staff met for break-
fast with s‘chool librarians who at-
tended the 'NDEA Institute held in
the Dutch Quadrangle last summer.

Also Dorothy Cole and Dr. Smith
met for Lllllllel“ with Albany Alumni
attending the. conference.

The highlight of the conference
came when Robert Burgess from
the library staff was elected Chair-
man of the Library Education Sub-
section of the College and Univer-
sity Libraries Section, composed of
faculty from the seven library
schools of New York State.

 

135 Western

 

Softwear and

Thanksgiving Day Cards and

For Thanksgiving Vacation

State University Bookrnre
Draper Hall

Au.

NEW MINIATURE
CLASS RING CHARMS

. N'Y'

E: 189

 

 

FIVE FACULTY MEMBERS attended the 72nd annual confer-
ence of the New York Library~Associution held in Buffalo'on
October 27-30.

’5'

\ by Diane Somervilie

The 1965-1966 State University Theatre season has
been one full of firsts for the department: the first
production in the fifty—first season at State, the first
design by a new technical director, the first four-
night run in Page, the first musical under State Uni-
versity Theatre auspices, and, in December, the first
major production to be done in chamber theatre style.
John Cheevcr’s celebrated novel “The \Vapshot Scan-
dal," adapted by director Ross Stephen, began rc—
heill‘StilS in mid—October, and will premiere on Do—
ccmber 8.

Chamber Theatre

Regarded at times with some of the wonder usually
reserved for such phenomena as nuclear fission and
childbirth, chamber theatre is neither mysterious nor
difficult to understand: it is, in essence, it technique
for presenting narrative fiction behind a proscenium,
inking full advantage of available theatrical devices
without sacrificing; the narrative elements. The work
presented retains the original form, differing only in
that lines (often in the third person) are assigned to
specific individuals.

Norr'ito Central Figure ,

'i‘ho ccnt‘nl figure in the production becomes tho
narrator who has the task of providing background
illltl transition. allowing the nudicnco to and and uri—
dcrstnnd tht: workings of the story — to function :is
would the reader. He provides this link which allows
tho work to exist on two structural low-ls, the unr—
rntivo illltl the d ‘nmntic.

Concoivod in tlic 1:1st'dccndc by [)r. Robort Bromi
or Northwestern University, chnmbcr thontrc rc-
ccivcd its Albnny debut on April 13, 1965, with :in
English evening production of 1'). ll, Lowrunt‘u’s
“’l‘wo Bluebirds” and Katherine Anne Porter’s “’l‘hc
Jilting of Granny \Vonthcrnll,” also directed by Mr.
Stephen.

As a criti‘nl tcchnlquc for understanding fiction,
chamber itlioatrc makes no nttcmpt to d‘nmntizc nil
fiction; ii socks solely to embody thnl. criticism by
moons of the stage. '

0
(ii V ((4 , \, Q)
(silt till (:11 1, @o O 0
November l9 Emma Willlard School Music Department pre-
5ents Robert Enmon in a piano recital at 1:30
in Page Hall free.

Capital Area Modern Dance Council presents
Pauline Konor, dancer, in Tl“; in u/ I‘i'ljulm-
Hryr. 8:30 p.m. North Colonic High School.

November 20

Troy Friend: of Chrinibct Music present tho
Julliiotd String Quayle! in Emmo Williord A5-
5embly Hall or 8:30 p.111.

Navambor 2|

America at Mid~Coniury Symposium, Joroslav
Pelican, Yule, ‘l‘ln' Ito/[plum i‘lltu'mrnl, Page
Hall, 8:l5 p.m.

November 29

Metropolitan Opera National Company at the
Palace Theater, presented by the Women's
Council at the Albany Institute. (furl/inn in
French.

Paintings by Lin Schralbor and Julia Moliuy.
Mechanic: Exchange Savings Bank.

November 30

leouqh November

Exhibition of paintings by Leonard Ochtman
(15544934). Albany institute of History and
AIL,

Through December 5

' tensive

 

n the Arts. The announcement was
ads by Dr. Paul G. Bulger, presi-

' ent' of the College at Buffalo and

hairman of the Committee on the

rts. l V
The council on the arts was rep-

:resented at the Committee's last
5 meeting by Robert E. Armstrong,

Special Programs Associate. He

.,'said the Council, is prepared to
_.recommend talent and, in some
' cases, to provide partial support

for visits to college campuses by
leading artists during which in-
short-term instructional
programs, such as lecture-dem-
onstrations, concerts, workshops,
and seminars, could be conducted.

Cost Reduced

Mr. Armstrong pointed out that
the cost of these instructional pro-
grams could be further reduced if
a number of colleges in one region
of the State can schedule the appear-
ance of the artists involved on a
cooperative basis and thus loWer
fees and transportation costs. The
committee has agreed to assist those
campuses interested in cooperative
scheduling.

The Committee on the Arts also
agreed to inform all University cam-
puses from time to time of art ex-
hibits organized by the Council on
the Arts. Cooperative scheduling by
neighboring campuses could serve
to reduce the transportation costs
involved.

College at Fr'edonia; Dr. John New-
- field, Chairman of the Department
of Fine Arts, State University at
Stony Brook.

Also Dr. Paul B. Pettit, Chairman
of the Department of Speech and
Dramatic Art, State University at
Albany; Dr. Theodore Randall,

Collaboration with the council on' Chairman 0! the Department of Do-

the Arts is only one of the avenues
through which the committee hoped
to nurture the development of the
arts within the University.

Other activities contemplated by
the Committee include the exchange
of faculty and student artists among
State University campuses; the dis-
semination of the work of these
artists outside the University com-
munity-through art exhibits, for ex--
ample; and periodic conferences on
the arts.

Membership of Committee

The niembershlp ofthe Committee
of the Arts includes, in addition to
Dr. llulger, Dr. Ernest L. Boyer,
State University Executive Dean for
University-wide Activities; Dr. Ed-
mund Feldman, Chairman of the
Division of Art, College at New
Paltz; John Grosvenor, Associate
Professor of Art and Languages,
Agricultural and Technical College
at Cobleskill; Dr. Robert \V. Mar-
vel, Director of Education (Music),

IFG Comes Back to Campus,
Prominent Film to Be Shown

The International Film Group is
once again presenting films of un-
usual historical aiid cultural belie-
flt to the campus.

The IFG had organizational diffi-
culties during the summer and the
first part of this semester which
unfortunately prevented the estab-
lishing of the IFG’s usual schedule.

However, the breakdown in the
communication with the various film
distributing companies has nowbcen
corrected so that at least a partan
schedule of movies will be shown
for the rest of the semester.

Silent Films

Partial scheduling has been ar-
ranged for the rest of this shines-
tor. The Ii-‘G has resumed ilsshnw-
ing of classic silent films for the
fourth year in a row, and presented
Jean lienoir’s famous “ltules of the
Game" on Wednesday inuonJum-tiun
with English Evening.

The silent series will continue this
coming Tuesday with a showing of
"The Leaves of Satan's Hook,” :1
film by the lhinlsh dirnrror iiil'l
’l‘howior Drover.

lli'cvcr is the last of iht “plant
old men” of Si'iiilillltil.lilli 'llIt-lllit.
Nov. womanly-five \‘l'ill'h ulll, lm II'~
rurdl'. I’nnmvwl hi: mlv‘ir-r‘, till:
“hominid,” which not. 111:.1 [:1 im
at the .‘w\\ York liln. hwrxni this
you. It was 111:. ills-t «l‘tmlli n in
mum \‘nnrs.

PHOTOGRAPHY BUFFS HAVE
J°"Pl' Alp" in the Draper Art Gallery through November.

Mystic Director

Dreyer is perhaps best known for
his “Passion of Joan of Arc,” a
moving and eloquent silent which the
IP‘G presented last year. This film,
with its aiiiaxing sequences ofr'lose-
up Shots, is considered one of the
great landmarks of silent cinema.

“The Leaves of Satan’s Hook”
while a lesser film than“l’nssion,”
still shows Dreyer’s preoccupation
with the religious themes of belief,
good and evil and love.

Always a mystic, lJi'eycr’s lill-
usual views of life and human suf-
fering permeate all his work, and
‘have, in fart, surrrceded in alien-
ating runny people from his art.
lint whether or not one agrees with
his views of lilo, ii is difficult to
deny that hi1 has truly a pocl’s
lisiull.

“’l‘iw lento,» of Salon’s lloolt”
Will be shown 'i'uosvhii at 15:00 rum.
in Ilw l\l'l| t,ii|l:(‘ touni. Alibi :hc
hhmvlny. in. Arthur l.ijllllll’_, whim
of “f lhwm‘s oi vim l'ilrn" illlil l’l‘u—
lossor of l.n:;!i:.h iii lIit>.:.|'ll Supt;
rulltw "lll ll'.il h. r Jormnl ll"—

4»i,. . I...

'-, [u

i. in Im'im' in may his i“f[|ilil.'\l\t' lulu.—

l.n‘ liquor !'
p...“ w.
li‘illiiivi

u- hint" iii

a chance lo we on exhibit by

"w.
I

.sign, College of Ceramics; and
President William L. Perry, Corn-
ing Community College.

Persichetti lectures 
tin Modern Materials _

by John bprass 

ART COUNCIL HAS put on display a selection of fine photo-l
graphs taken by Joseph Alper.

Art Council Announces
National Foundation

wit and his musical illustrati by Laura D°d°l5kY
. l . ons ~ o , -
demonstrated a brilliant pianotech- Arum—m lesldence programs throughom the 001m-

mque, Through these Various ele_ try will receive booster shots from the new National
insults, 131-. Pei-sicrietu attempted Foundation for the Arts and Humanities
0 slow iat contemporary Amerl- ' . ' ' i
can composers use, as the” ma_ President Johnson has listed grants to schools and
terlals all or the musical mm”- universmes to support great artists on the campus as
tlons of the twentieth century. one of the major tasks of the foundation. The others,
Unhmma, Him”, announced at the ceremony on September 29 signing
Uegmmg Wm, the ,emuvely un_ the- foundation bill into law, include the creation of a
familiar history ofAmerir-an music, national repetory theatre and an American film insti—
l)r. Persichetti reviewed the en- t t . - ' . -
slammem of MS mauve an to "S u e, support of a national opeia, a national ballet,
European leach“ ..A,ne,.,ca,,co,,,_ and symphony orchestras; and commissnoning new
posers after the Civil War wrote works of music.
second rate European music.” By ‘ . - - . . .
1020’ however, Amerlcan muslw 'lhe Foundation conmsts of two $5 million national
ans had beam, the“. Struggle [0,. endowments — one for the humanities and one for the
liberation. arts — and a Federal Council inthe Arts and Humani—
ties to coordinate their activities. In addition, the new
law provides funds to match private contributions to
New [Bummer Charles Iveswmte the endowments, to give special arts grants to the
“Stravinsky” before Stravinsky did states, and to remodel and purchase elementary and

and that Henry Cowell enraged the second F 1‘ . - - -
Russian Hommy wmlmstona my a y school Mia and humanities equipment.
ters -— all in the early 1000’s.
By the 1950’s Americans finally
began to synthesize the different
modes of twentieth century compo-

Last Saturday evening Albany
State was host to one of the fore-
most of contemporary composers.

Introduced as “pianist, organ-
ist, composer, author, scholar and
educator...," Dr. Vincent Persi-
chetti presented a lecture-recital
on “The Materials of the Contem-
porary Composer.“

During the lecture, the audience
was given a glimpse of the varied
talents of this modern musician.
llis comments revealed a vast mu-
sical knowledge, as well as a ready

V lists W.

Tone Clusters
Dr. Perslclietti noted that the

Strengthen Teaching
It also authorizes $500,000 for training institutes to
m n WNW“ pols/tow“) {one strengthen the teaching of the arts and humanities in
s o z .‘ '. ' ’. , .
“NEWS, and Noam,» Jusmsnuch elementary and secondary schools. Many college and
and liecihoveh were synthesizers, universmes can be expected to host these arts and
m, Persichetil secigolll‘lconlema humanities institutes, just as they have sponsorcdlan—
[lili'fil‘Y ('ltillDttSOi’S i655 ODS Bil . , . , , , ,l ,
Hm”, m inﬂame) as Cummg guagc, screncc, mathematics and history institutes in
n “Ili‘lil'-liellillSﬁiillt'e“ in musical the past.
According to the new law, the essential difference

mum“ m Fallow between the arts and the humanities is that the arts
A, WM mwuwu “,5 amen,» involve creation,porforn'innco,andexhibition;whereas
on“, untold», n Loraine illiilt‘llll the humanities center around study. included among
Win“ in. l'l'ISI'lm'“. i0!" 1“ ihc arts are music, dnncc, drnmn, creatch writing,
Iml inmvlr-dgv. ht.- oitub gave iht' HPMVIHECtuFe’ Ipninunl-‘Q SCUlthFUI phOlOl-Trnphyi 005‘"
iliillt'm't‘ “a... than lilo) mum at: iumw nnd fashion design, industrial design, film, lclcu

r'.-.i(l‘lllT'l=." lpcl'liulrnlvli vision, radio and recording. Includcdin ihehumanitics
\Utll' l(l\t‘ lifttl ll‘lil‘-

ovolul tun.

. m1: , llm v
lllilniidil-‘Ii-

I II' ml 1' thinning I\vontrt-th—r-uniurj. Hm" madern and Clnssmnl languages. linguistics. lll"

,,,,_,, crniuro, history, jurisprudenCc, philosophy, archne»
W , ,,,, ..,,,,..| ,1“. 1...-,...A,.-i-.,..vm.i logy, criticism, theory of the arts and humanistic ns~

l'. .u; t illil‘,‘ the no:n'l\ claim-I nri DUNS “r the 500m] Hcipncos

.: 11hr l~il< imlvimisuiinn; mill/ing '

iin- mli i‘t“;viilll'l'.‘1 (ll Ins tor-hmqni',

ll], mutation. lin'iil'inlslmlillDrill“ 'l‘hc Commissions r‘cport was Presented in June

f.i.liil1.l imam on he luv (u y y, \‘un ., . _ | I t ‘ " ‘

“Hm H”. “WWW. m, “1,. Wm“ 1961, .md concluded that the arts, humanities, and

ilittlil lvt-pain 1.. iiixpi‘kH'lb‘U, n sll'lh'lt l'clovnnt academic disciplines noodortl additional mus—

Hw x‘r‘»1t~-'-M' ilmi “0 \Vu-‘i‘ ll‘ilUHHIL'. srvc support, coming largely from the federnlgovern—

In Hillbit' nnwr heard lit-iol'cui work ‘ ‘ .
U, “H “"5 Wm, rmumll ment. It lccommendod that an independent National

Humanities Foundation similar to the NationalScience
 Sow-hoe Foundation, be created. Congressman William
in. Moorhend introduced a bill embodying the Com-

. ' mlssion's recommendation.
Petition  .1, i .

A“ Persons m “w Unnersny ci icar rigs in February and March of this year,
m, “5,9,, ,0 “my clmrleg ii, the administration’s “consensus” proposal, essen—
and: Julep/truthful signifort 01' 5-9. tinlly the one passed, was formulated In addition to
m at ill" . o O .

The Denna“ ,5 posted on the many university and commission representatives. the
Engusl, Annex mum,“ mum, bill’s hearings included testimony by noted perform-

ers‘ such as Theodore Bike] and Charlton Heston.
The success of the Humanities commission, whose
________.___._._- 20 members included 11 faculty members of admin-
.   istrators of universities, contrasts sharply with a
W commlissiog seat up in 1955456. The main result of its
, year- ong ell erations was a book published in1959
ml!  m“. 3 by Howard Mumford Jones. entitled, appropriately,
. “One Great Society.”

ii t‘li in.

Need Support

 

are

“—""€DII"I"'I

 

