   
 
   

 
   
 
    
  
 
   
   
  
     
   

   
 
 
   
   
    
  
 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
  
 
  
  

 

 

 

Nam-mum  

the MYSKANIA recommenasno 3 con?

mission on comniIInICatIons media.
The entire system of government is

"based on', these commission's. We feel

' .that Central Council has acted-wisely

in expressing its confidence in its com-
mission system.
If this serves as a precedent, we

‘might be on the road to awellorganized,

smooth functioning student government.

Symoosioni PromiSing'

Last year Albany conducted what we
are led to believe is the first of many
major symposiums. This first centered
on the Renaissance and wasa pleasant
change of pace from the usual seeming-
ly un-coordinated lecture schedule.

This year’s symposium on “America
at Mid-Century” promises to be out-
standing in every way. The speakers

are famous,'not only as writers but as 5

speakers. One 'of the first speakers in
attempting to prepare for his talk asked
for and received copies of the ASP,
the Primer, and the Torch.

We hope that the students will avail
themselves of this unique opportunity
to hear speakers from such name uni-
versities as Cornell, Harvard, Penn
State and Yale. The Juillard School of
Music, while not a university, certainly
ranks as high as any university with a
music program. ' r

The speakers are valuable as indi-
viduals; taken together these speakers
will provide an experience that can
never be duplicated.

Editor States Position

Editor's Note: The following editorial was

written by Steve Curti, the present editor of the

Torch. He was the associate editor of the 1935
are .

Regarding the 1965 Torch, I feel that
some concessions must be made to the
student body and tothe members of MYS-
KANIA in particular. The position of the
Torch staff is now untenable in some
respects as it was last May.

There are several instances of the

bawdy double-entendre, and some of the

pictures could be objectionable in part.

These shots were used creatively to
portray our University; pornography is
not creative, so these pictures are not
pornographic as many students inaccur-
ately claimed to local news media.

Photographs which I would consider
objectionable are those which do not
add effectively to the theme.

It is too difficult to list these, but I

 

The Albany Student Press is a semi-weekly newspaper p
York at Albany. The ASP ollice, located in Room 5 al Bru

.. g "the [Torch Central Council 
.agr'eedto await the action of Its comm

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY I916
BY THE CLASS OF 1918

growers-6r that was
made by ‘ of the 1965 Torch:
we tried'to' up-date thé quality of our
University's yearbook in one year.

, Both the editor, William Colga‘n, and
this writer. the associate editor, tried,
without any- previous yearbook exper-
ience, to move ahead; in a way Bill
and I both had a hamartia of the hubris
order. We had pride in our ability to
bring our yearbook up to standard and
and perhaps to the avant-garde.

Perhaps herein lies our guilt. People
have _labelled the yearbook as showing
the “absurd University." This is not
true: if anything, our view was realistic
and macroscopic. _

The theme of “The University On The
Make” was not meant to be interpreted
in the more common manner. However,
the theme was selected with tongue-in—
cheek and crossed fingers, hoping that
the students would realize that “on the
make” wasvequivalent to "in the mak-
in .!I

also, we realize that there should
have been better coverage of the fac-
ulty and certain school activities. This
was an oversight which we hope to cor-
rect since we have a wider scope in
mind for the 1966 Torch.

No, we are not guiltless angels; we
have made mistakes in judgment. But
students and MYSKANIA have also erred
in their attempts to impose censorship
on the people who realize and admit
their mistakes and who have committed
themselves to correcting these errors.

As editor of the 1966 Torch, I do not
promise a saccharine yearbook compiled
of insipid remarks. I do promise to
correct past misjudgments.

Cghmmon-Stater

are have been-questions raised as
to why the Common-Stater column is no
longer being run by the ASP. We are
willing to state our reasons for discon-
tinuing what could have been an excel-
lent column.

Indeed there have been instances when
the Common-Stator was excellent. The
problem is that all too often the Com-
mon-Stater concentrated on personali-
ties and not on issues.

We do not mind discussing a person-
ality when a personality introduces itself
on an issue, but the Common-State often
reflected character assassination.

We feel that the most recentCommon-
Staters set such a negative example of
what we hope for that the Common-
Stater cannot appear again until either
the memory of the recent ones is lost
or some intervening column fulfills the
goals we had for the Common-Stator.

ublished by the student body oi the State University ol New
bacher Hall at 750 State Street, is open from 7-Ii p.m. Sunday
31

through Thursday nights. The ASP may be reached by dialing 434.40 .

JOSEPH W. GALU - JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
Co-Edliorsvin-Clliel

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor
WILLIAM H. COLGAN

KLAUS SCHNITZER
Photography Editor
MONICA M. McGAUGHEY
Advertising Manager
LARRY EPSTEIN

EILEEN MANNING
Senior Editor

DIANA Mv DOMKOWSKI
Business Manager

GARY WOQQS

 

Executive Editor Arts Editor Associate Photography Editor
Assidtant Sports Editor Don Oposdisanov
Sta" ................................................ ..Llnlord White, Cynthia Goodman, Dione Sommarvillo, Kirsten Husted, Judith Jowits,

Carson, Sue Chopo, Margaret Dunlap, Malcolm Provost, Richard Kase, Mar

C ’ h , N Ml denbauer, Susan Steiger Barbara Blodgett Robert Curty Bab
“mung “huggi'fbm |Shriltmon, Linda Brenmari, John Spross, Jan'et Hess, Stove'Curtl

r r .

 

I Photographer-

Anne Dignsy, Steve Walter, Harry Nucltols, Jim Booley, Douglas Rathgsb
 Walter Post, Gary Woods, Too Moon Lse, Robert Stevenson

John Folio

 

Cartoonist

All communications must be addressed to the Editors and should be signed. Names will be withheld on request. Common.
ications should be limited to 300 words and are subject to mining. The‘ Albany Student Press assumes no responsibility

for opinidns "pressed In Its columns or communications, as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its views.

 

 

  
 

  
 
   
  
  

 

  
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
   

 

 

 

Venezuelan Clarifies Reasons
For Cuban Oil Confiscation

Editor's Note: The following article is largely a translation of an attic/:-
by Romulu Betancaurt. The translation was done by Rene Pcrcz—Lappz,
a SlﬂlL' junior. Perez-Lopcz left his native Cuba in December 25, I96!
with his father, a lawyer, and his molhcr, a professor of SpﬂnlS/I or (III'
Central University of Laos Villas. [In Is the Irl-cily dclcgatr- 0/ [hr (fu-
bun Sludan Dlrc clumlr'.

1:15 AM.

The following article appeared in the May 20, 1965 Issue of Trinchera,
which Is the newspaper printed by the Cuban Student Directorate. In
this article the ex-President of Venezuela makes clear Castro’s
reasons for the nationalization of the foreign oil industries In Cuba.

“Castro has many times asserted that he was forced to nationalize
the oil refineries In Cuba. I do not wish to evaluate his commen-
taries, but I shall concentrate on what he said regardlngaposslble
indemnlzation to the Anglo-Dutch Shell Oil Co. Since I know the secret
details of the negotiations that culminated with the nationalization of
the Cuban refineries property of the Texaco Standard Oil Co. and the
Shell 00., I shall try to analyze what went on which caused Cuba's cur-
rent commercial relations with Europe.

“In the first months of 1960 the companies that supplied Venezuelan
crude oil to the Cuban refineries asked the Minister of Mines of
Venezuela for a deferment of tax payments, since the Cuban govern-
ment owed them most of their all purchases. Our government rejected
this categorically, since this meant that they were asking Venezuela
to guarantee Cuba’s debt. In May 1960 the companies told the Cuban
government that they would not be able to continue the supply of gas and
other fuels unless they received the payment for the amounts owed.

“Cuba demanded then that her own companies refine I all from the
USSR. At the same time, the Cuban government “froze” their debts
for an indefinite amount of time. OII June 7 the Cuban companies an-
nounced their unwillingness to refine Russian oil. Between the 26th
of June and July 1 Castro confiscated the refineries.

Havana did not show the least interest In communicating with the
Venezuelan government. This fact, plus other factors, have convinced
me that the Castro negative to pay the enormous amount II owed the
Venezuelan companies and then Its exigency from them to refine Rus—
sian oil, absurd exigence in View of the proximity of the Venezuelan
sources, were steps deliberately calculated and taken In order to reach
the nationalization of the refineries and the substitution for Ihe USSR all.

Our government, at that time, was in a best position to mediate be-
tween the companies and the Cuban government. But Castro Ignored us
practically.

Later the Russian ambassador In Washington arranged for an Inter-
view of the Russian representative In Mexico, with our Minister of
Mines, and I. We agreed and we met Ill Caracas. After talking about
the diplomatic relations between our countries, which be dealt with
on the side, almost only as a salute to our flag, the Soviet ambassa-
dor went on to another topic which required a lot of consideration and
analysis. This was his true Illlsslon, which he InItIaIed by asking me:
Mr. President, with the most respect I would like to ask you whether
there are very powerful reasons that would make It impossible for the
Venezuelan government to provide the Cuban refineries wIIhVenezuelan
crude oil?

I answered what I had before thought about: Mr. Ambassador, I
can answer you Immediately. There Is nothing Ihnt would Impede the
Venezuelan government from providing the Cuban refineries with crude
all. We could lake this oil from the royalty of private companies. The
negotIaIIuns will have to be based upon two firm conditions. First. the
value In dollars of each shipment would have to be deposited belore
delivery In a bank situated outside Cuba, under the name of the Dance
Central de Venezuela. What has already happened makes us think that
the Cuban government assumes that our oil Is a gift. The second con-
dition Is that the buyer government will have to transport the all be-
cause Venezuela does not have tankers and cannot compromise to lease
them only for this operation.

My answer seemed to surprise Mr. Bazyklu. Perhaps he expected
an evasive reply. But he received a frank answer. Probably some—
body had made him believe that the Venezuellan government was so
much a “prIsoner” of the all companies that the chief executive was

_not able to do anything without previous consultation by long distance
glib Rockefeller Center or with the London offices ofthe Shell Oil

0.

And this was all that was known of Mr. Bazykiu. The Soviet Union
continued to supply all to Castro, and now the tank: of the expropriated
companies and refineries has come up again. Romulo Betancourt.

 

3 is “In. ‘ 

 

a operable .eoi’ewsiBaasr‘
Sale 'of utterer Records

 Favorable reviews in-“Library Journal” have given
added stimulus to the sale of the series of recordings
produced by the Theatre Alumni Association, reports
Mrs. Mary K. O’Donnell, chairman of the committee

on record sales.

Orders, have poured in
from public libraries as
well as school, college and
university
states as distant as Flori-

.da, Arizona, California and
Minnesota.

These recordings which have been
carrying the name of the Slate Unl-
varsity-at Albany around the world
were produced by a group of dedi-
cated alumni. The Theatre Alumni
Association, founded In 1954, cast
about for a means of adding to the
distinction of the University Theatre
and Professor Agnes Fullerer. '

Professor Futierer Is an alumna
and was a member of the faculty
from 1917 to 1959. After establish-
Ing the Agnes Fuiterer Award for
the graduating senior who had made

‘ the greatest contribution to theatre

at the "uh/“51W during hIs.under-
graduate years, the members of
TAA decided to raise money for
the support of an Agnes Fullerer
Chair of Dramatic Art to be es-
tablished jointly by TAA and the
University.
TAA Meets

Members of the Executive Com-
mittee of the TAA have been meet-
Ing on the second Friday of every
month for several years. With the
cooperation of the Department of
Speech and Dramatic Art they have
held benefit performances of pro—
duclions by the University Theatre.

Their best money raiser, how-
ever, has been the recordings which
they began In cooperation with the
Faculty Student Association. With
Dr. PauI Peltit as recording engI-

Two Professors
Conduct Classes
In Adult Program

Two Stale Professors, Dr. Paul
Bruce PelIiI, Chairman oflhe Speech
and Dramatic Art Department, and
Dr. Ryland llewiti, Professor of
Speech and Dramatic Art, will con-
duct discussions of contemporary
plays, on and off Broadway, as part
of the JCC adult erIucaIion program
this fall.

The works of Arthur Miller, Ten
essee Williams, Bartholt Brecht,
Edward Albee, Eugene Ionescc, and
Samuel Beckett will be discussed
In the five week course. Classes
will be held on alternate Tuesdays
beginning October 12.

Other courses available umlethe
adult education program llII'IUIIe
Bridge, Ballroom Dancing, Stock
Market Seminars, Creative Art,
Painting and Drawing, Ceramics,
Woodworking, Drama Workshops,
Folk Guitar, ModernConversational
l-lebrcw, Knitting, Sewing, First Aid,

libraries in‘

user they produced their first rec-
ords In 1963— “Forms of Poetry”
and “Readings from Literature:
Shakespeare to Nash.”

They feature what the Library
Journal has called “Miss Futierer's
rare and exciting gifts as an in-
terpreter of poetry." Dr. Arthur
Collins of the English Department
contributed program notes com-
menIIng on the poems selected.

In 1904 Miss Futterer, whose
retirement has been as active as
her years of teaching, recorded
her adaptallon of “Lady Winde-
mere’s Fan.” The Library Journal
again hailed her performance for
Its "expert delineation between the
nine roles she portrays. It'Is well-
adapted, well-acted and enjoyable
to listen to.”

This recording of Oscar Wilde's
comedy of manners preserves the
kind of evening of theatre which
Miss Fullerer formerly offered to
audiences throughout upstate New
York and New England. Her one-
woman repertory theatre contri-
buted proceeds toward the buIIdIng
of the alumni resldence halls, Pierce
and Sayles.

Special Album

Last fall, In celebration of the
400m anniversary of the birth of
Shakespeare and Marlowe as well
as Ihe 50th anniversary of theatre
at State, TAA issued a special al-
bum wIIh a jacket designed by Jay
Moore of the University TIIeaIre
staff.

OII one side Is Miss Futterer’s
interpretation of hIghlIghts from
“Macbeth.” On the other Is a re-
cording of scenes from the Uni-
versity Theatre production of Mar-
lowe’s "Dr. Fauslus" as directed
by Dr. Jarka Burian.

II features the voices of Howard
Miller, Daniel Labellle, Norma Git-
Ier and Georgiana Francisco. Be-
cause of Lester Greenberg’s III-
ness, Dr. Burian himself recorded
the lines of the Chorus.

A crisis loomed last spring when
supplies of the poetry recordings
were exhausted just at the time
that the Library Journal recom-
mended them Io all Its subscribers,
calling Ihe range of Miss Fuller—
er’s gifts “a thrilling surprise.”
The crisis was averted by order-
ing a new pressing, and II is still
possible to build a collection of
all four records from the TAA.

Copies are on sale In the Unl-
versily Bookstore, at the John
Mistletoe Bookshop, or by mail
order from Mrs. Mary K. O’Don-
nell, llux 8, Averill Park, New York
IZUIH.

 

YAMAHA
A d — — n good
MOTORCYCLE

Finc's'Auto Sales

 

 

Waist Watchers, and Leadership 1025 ccnnuj Ave
Training.
- T 10% Oil 10% Oil
Portable on Yum on Yarn
PHONOGRAPHS , ,
for sale IIIIII iI TIME

New and Used
6 months guarantee
Trade-In accepted

BLUE NOTE SHOP
153 Central Avenue

Open Eves. except Saturday

 

 

 

YARN SHIIP

2i) Western Ave. at Quail
open daily 10—6 p.m.

Wed. 10—9 p.m.

10% Oil 10% Oil

on Yarn

 

on Yarn

 

 

 

DRUM IESSONS

beginners — advanced — professional
Mike Masino Drum Studio

105V; Central Ave., Albany
Coll IV 2-4546

 

     
  

   
   
  
   
 
  
  
   

um. sulrtlll
s... M u.»

   
  
   

tau... ..., ..
~ u».th mu”
m,- r,

   
    
   
   
  

mum "I... .... .
.N .m.

  

NEWEST ALBUM OF the University's Theatre Alumni Associa-
tion teotures Miss Futterer reading excerpts from "Macbeth,"
and excerpts from Dr. Jarka Burian reading of "Dr. Foustus."

Corps Volunteers to Set lip
Information Center in Drape

Peace Corps Volunteers and Staff
members will visit the Albany Cam-
pus durlng the week of October 10.

They will set up an information
center In Draper where applications
and Information on overseas pro-
jects and the non-competitive Corps
Placement Test will be available.

Miss Claudette Sarsfield from
the Office of Public Affairs of the
Washington Peace Corps, and Tony
Mass and Julia Moore, returned
volunteers from Panama and LI-
beria, will discuss the work of the
Corps and the great need for qual-
Iiled volunteers with Interested stu-
dents and groups. Slides will be
shown of the actual experiences of
the volunteers,

Organizations Interested In this
program should contact Dr. Clinton
J. Roberts, Director of Placement
and Peace Corps Liaison.

Tonight at 8 p.m., there will be
a film 5110er on Peace Corps ac-
tIvIIIes III Malaysia. This will be
In the Iod’er lounge In Brubacher
Ilall.

Tomorrow night, there will be
an open forum concerning the per-
sonal experiences of Miss Moore

.ioe’s Cleaners

ANY 3 ITEMS
CLEANED FOR
PRICE OF 2

795 Madison Ave
' Present this Coupoﬂ

1

  
  
   
 

 

 

 

 

and Mr. Massa. This will begin at
8 p.m. In the Flag Room ofthe Dutch
Quadrangle on the new campus.

Placement tests for the Peace
Corps will be given this Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday, October 13-
15, at 10 am. and 2 p.m. In the
Richardson Conference Room, R107.

Campus Chest

Applications are now being ac-
cepted for positions as co-chairmen
of the assorted events of Campus
ChesI Week. Those evenIs for which
co-chairmen are stilled needed are
Chinese auctions, faculIy solIcIIa-
lions, residence solicitations and
the Mr. and Miss Campus Chest
elections.

Anyone Interested should coniacl
Eleanor Diener, 457-7804 or Mike
Purdy, E-14 Waterbury, 472-7790,
immediately. '

ing to 'a master's degree was goose
to the many graduate programs of
the School ot‘Educstion. Ilia s
variation of the present advanced
classroom teaching program.

For the present, only the most"

recent "and best quaIItIed graduates
of Albany who have completed the

teacher education program have.

been accepted for the internship.
Teaching will be done In sacisl
studies, mathematics,, science, and
business education.  2'

.To be eligible for the Internship

program a student must meetlthe "

followlng requirements: 1) success
In undergraduate student teaching;
2) acceptance by the School ofGrsd-
uate Studies; 3) acceptance by the
School of Education; 4) acceptance
as an Intern by a sponsoring public
secondary school. _

All interns began by taking two
courses (one professional, one aca-
demic) In the 1965 summer session.
There was an orIenIatlon to the In-
ternship given at the universlty as
well as at the sponsoring school.
Interns are paired so that ‘one
teaches during the first semester,
and the other will follow Immediately
In the second semester.

The public school system provid-
Ing the teaching position for this
program pays a.salary of$2,000per
Intern. The Intern Is responsible
for the leaching of four classes and
one study hall or remedial period.
He also has the usual responsibili-
ties of a.classroom teacher. .

He Is assIgned to a staff mem-
ber of the school who has been given
some reduction in class load or
duties to provide the intern with
proper supervision. The UnIversity
School of Education faculty provides
regular supervisory visits and ex-
pects Io have conferences with the
Intern, supervising teacher and ad-
ministrators.

 

CLIP THIS

 

 

Buy Two (2) MIIIES
Get One (1) FREE

Open 7 Days a Week

MIKE’S SUBMARINE

COUPON

 

 

I¢ more

Hundreds of titles to select from
.JCIHN MISTLETDE BDDKSHDP

338 WAIHINOTDN AVENUE
ALBANY, NEW YORK ‘22”!

Albany’s First Stop for the Student

 

 

¢ SAlE
uyI PAPERBACK FOR 99¢

Get Another for

. «0.....«Jrurae,

 

     
 
 

    
     
 

 
   

 
    
 
   
   
  
    
   

  

