 

 

 

 

teaser-an." mm... L

‘ .111?!
‘to' ver'ify‘thfe‘ stu‘-..

,nt'sl-agej-old co 1 plain_fab0ut_the high
" " he  forbboks

9’? s . i , i _,
el thattbefore, an evaluationof

‘- port‘ jan‘be; made, there should
be a" thoroughexaminatlon, of the dif-
ferent‘critiois‘ms in'the report. This

_  _ ‘ dare-ism have abread
ldiowled'g'el of the intricate workingsof
thegfaculty student assc'iciatlon and its
Components. I  ~ ’ ‘

We feel we do not have this knowl-
edge and will not be able to take an
intelligent stand on the issue until
President. Collins returns from Wash-

 a'n meals. ,

explains}, the: report to us.
. [that rm

;ested”im the audits, ’s . ‘  .
is centemplating taking any action would
attend the President’s. press'oonfer-
=ence to be held Monday at, 1:25 in
President Collins’ office.

This report is the first important
criticism ever made of the faculty
student association’s operations and
'can precipitate changes that. might
improve their operations.

But we hope that no action willgbe
taken by the State University or‘b'y
the student body until the report is
carefully considered. .

Corning For Marciaclrailliany

The ASP believes that Mayor Erastus
Corning. II willmake a better mayor
than his opponent Jake Olshansky. We
believe that Olshanksy has no interest
in becoming mayor and is in the run-
ning only to placate theﬂleadersof all
major parties.

The apparent purpose of Olshansky’s
race is to get a judgeship for Olshan-
sky. He is regarded'as a “nice guy”
and even a “great guy.” He is con-
sidered to be an outstanding lawyer.
This might make him a good candidate
for a judgeship, but it does not make
him qualified to be mayor. .

In Albany, as we have said in the
past, the government is and will be run
by the Democrats. The overwhelming
majority of Albanians want it this way.
Reforms where they are needed and
when they are necessary or demanded
will be and are being made.

The plan for a new high school is
one indication of the more progressive
attitutde of the Corningadministration.

Mayor Corning is unquestionably
qualified to serve another term. He is
now completing his sixth term and
shows no sign of tiring of City Hall.

Corning’s handling of the South Mall
project shows how astute a man canbe.
For decades every capitol city has
tried to obtain tax relief from the state
of which it is the capitol. The reason
is that the state-owned land 'in the
capitol city is always extensive and
tax free. .

Corning obtained large payments
from' the state for both the city and the
county for the tax losses involved in the
loss of the many acres in the mall pro-
ject.

The main topic of discussion from
the Republicans has been the Albany
water supply. Perhaps the Republicans
blame the Democrats for the drought.
We do not.

Perhaps the Republicans are sug-
gesting that the city should plan for
the unexpected. Perhaps they are too
naive to know that one does not throw
tax money around planning for the
unlikely. , ,

Again we say. Olshansky does hot
want to be mayor; Corning does. 01-
shansky has only the vaguest quali—
fications; Corning’s qualifications are
exceptionally good.

illlllliliiil Necessary Facility

Ever since the Student Association
acquired Dippikill some 9 years ago.
many students have questioned the wis-
dom of spending a lot of money on a
camp so far away.

Meanwhile a small number of stu-
dents have regularly been goingto Dip-
pikill and using and enjoying its facil-
ities for the weekend.

Many improvements have been made.
so that students may now have the com-
.forts of heat and running water with
relatively little effort. The farmhouse
now accommodates some thirty people.

Dippikill may never be used by a
large proportion of the student body at
the same time. Nor, perhaps, should it

Albany St

be. The opportunity for a small group
of students to live and work together
as a group for a weekend adds to the
charm of the camp.

Although the amount of money which
has been spent may seem high, we feel
that Dippikill will become an increas—
ingly necessary part of our recrea-
tional facilities.

who is inter-f

. Z 1 " ' , I r-54
' HA5 Keeczveo PARKING ON THE aware it

Beame For New York city

The race for mayor in the City of New York has
obtained national attention. This is due to the multi-
million dollar campaign to create a John F. Kennedy
image for John Vliet Lindsay. The image is a fraud.

Lindsay was outsmarted by Rockefeller and, to
a lesser extent, Javits when he was placed in the
race. He has not been able to maintain the support
of the official Republican district leaders. He has
apparently sold the office of President of the City
Cpuncil to the Liberals and Alex Rose.

Lindsay’s recent statement that Beame could not
wait for the deaths of Herbert H. Lehman and Mrs.
Eleanor Roosevelt to knife the reform movement
in the back is worth considering.

If this statement is typical of the mindof Lindsay,
we think he fails to deserve even his own vote.

We had high hopes for Lindsay; we thought he
would run an intelligent. interesting campaign based
on worthwile issues. Instead we have had useless
plaudites. unconstructive criticism. and retreads
of old programs hnd proposals. These have had the
backing of the largest campaign chest in recent
years. This does not add to their validity.

Lindsay does not have the support of even half of
the enrolled Republicans in the city, if the straw
polls are correct (they have rarely been wrong and
never by more than one or two percent.) He fails
therefore in his primary effort to represent the
view of his own party. '

The Republican party in New York City is com-
posed of more conservatives than liberals. It is
therefore somewhat falacious to assume that a
liberal like Lindsay could ever effectively repre-
sent his party.

The Republican party is basically a conservative
party. No amount of pretending will change this.
William Buckley’s showing will prove this to all

 

\i
u
\

Especially with the highly formalized doubters: since many conservatives are too devoted

and structured living facilities and ac-

to the Republican label ever to leave the party line,

tivmes on the- new campus, and the the Buckley vote will be a low estimate of the con-
day-type recreation which the Mohawk servative Strength in the City.

property will probably provide, many

Lindsay offers little understanding of the prob-

students will welcome the opportunity lems of New York City. His district is the oldest
to really get away for a weekendm a congressional district in America with a mean
place where things are sun small, age of more than 45 years. The problems of the

udent Press

ISTAILISNED MAY I’M
IV TNE CLASS OF "Ill

The Alb-n Stu oril Pro
Verb of Al any. Tho ASP office. located In Room

ss ls l ssml-wssliiy "OWIEGP'I'B'pUbllIhId by the student body of the Slots Univ-rsliy of NI
0

city are unemployment, crime and dope addiction,
education and traffic. All of these center largely
on young people.

Lindsay’s voids of knowledge indicate that he will
continue to depend heavily on dozens of $10,000 a
year advisers.

Beame, on the other hand. has spenthis life work-

bo h H || 0 750 Si 0 Sire-i. is open from 7-H p.m. Sundv
through Thursday nights. Thu ASP May 5- reached by dioli:g {3422031. a a ' lng With the problems or the City- He knows the City

JOSEPH W. GALU — JOSEPH 5. SILVERMAN
Co-Edilors-in-Chiol

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Encuilv- Editor
WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Esscurlvs Edlror

MONICA M.

KLAUS SCHNITZER
Photography Editor

Advertising Monogsr

LARRY EPSTEIN
Arts Editor

McGAUGHEV
GARY WOODS

 

Assllfoni Sports 54""-

$Io"...................................
. orson, Sue Chop

c' i i- , N Ml d n
"M "' 'ngzi'flaiii Winnie... Linda Brsgmon. John 5pm". Jun-r Hm. Sim Cum

Anns Dignsy, Siovs Woiior, Harry Nucliols, Jim Bsglsy, Douglas Roihgsb
Wolisr Post, Gary Woods, Too Moon Ln. Robert Slsvsnson solving- the problems of the any. “Ie feel  Lind-

r l .
Pho rogrophsr

..........Linlord While, Cynihlo Goodman, Dion. Sommorvllls,

Associate Photography Editor
Don Opp-disono
Kirsisn Huslsd, Judith Jowiix,

and its problems. It is true that Beame feels as at
home with political leaders the ilk of Charles Buck—

EILEEglmMA'NENIIN‘g lcy and Adam Clayton Powell as President Johnson
.DOMKOWSKI
D'ANduTIn-rrMunau-r Does this have any significance. We think not.

does with James O. Eastland and Eugene Talmadge.

We feel that Beams would make use of the best
minds in the city including William F. Ryan and
Francis Adams. We feel that Lindsay would con—

ning..." Dunlap. Malcolm Provost, Richard Km. Montlnue to rely on theorists with little or no knowledge

 

 

Corioonisi

“l tommlullons insist h oddrssud is the Editors} and
lssilons should be Its-ind to 300 vii-J
"' 09mm" our-sud in ifs'colu-ns

and are subissl. to editing.
constitutions. on Irish "Inst-nub not nssossorliy roilsci ifs Views.

0
horror, Susan Sislgor, Barbara Blodgs", Robert Curry, Bob of New York 

We feel that Beame would be a mayor devoted to

M" “"0 say would be devoted to rebuilding the Republican

should be puma"... will bs'wiihhsld onrooucsi. Conmparty and building the future of John V, Lindsay.

in Albany Student Puss assumes no rssponsi

"We prefer Beame.

 

or... Possesses ' LillieIfiiiieli

Spunky English

One of these days (hopefully by the time this re-
view is in print) that bright new award-winning
British comedy “The Knack...Aiid How to Get it,"
will be packing them in at the Delaware.

Whatcan one say about “The Knack?” To start
with it won the Best Plcrure award at the Cannes
Film Festival this year, was directed by Richard
,Lsster, that brilliant Philadelphia" who has twice
put the Beatles successfully through their paces,and

‘is one’ of the funniest, most daring, offbeat comedies

to come along in many a moon.

What's the movie all about? — why, the knack, of
course. And what is the knack? Well. it’s Just the
knack, that’s all. If you have it, it means that your
life, and your apartment, is filled with legions of
beautiful girls, girls you can pick up and toss aside
at your discretion. lf you haven’t got it, you’re
miserable, and your sex life is next to nothing.

Spunky Comedy

Tolen (Ray Brooks), a sexy bachelor, has the
knack. Colin (Michael Crawford), a very shy school-
teacher and the landlord of Tolen's London house,
hasn't got the knack and is properly upset. So Tolen
goes about teaching him. First, says Tolen, one needs
a very large double bed, next an unassuming virgin
fresh from the countryside, to practice on, and fi-
nally, of course, one needs the knack itself.

Tom (Donal Donnelly), a wild lrisli beatnik,moves
into the building, but he isn’t much interested in
either the knack or how to get it. He has his own
passion for painting things white, and so is com-
pelled to paint while everything that isn’t, including
every square inch of his flat.. But he goes along with
Colin anyway.

They pick" up an old rusty double bed from a
junkyard, and then, to their supreme 10y, or at

Comedyscores

young virgin (Rita Tusliingham) fresh from the
countryside who is trying to find her way lathe
Y.W.C.A. Now, of course, the only thing Colin needs
is the knack itself, and by the time be finally does
get it, enough madcap situations have arisen to fill
a dozen conventional comedies.

SEXY Bachelor

Taken from the long-running stage play by Ann

.leliicoe, "The Knack...And How to Get It" is as
innoffensive and spunky a comedy as one could hope
for. From start to finish it keeps‘ up a frantic pace,
nearly bursting at the seams with a whole arsenal
of hilarious sight and sound gags. A bouncy music
score by John Barry (Goldflnger) fits in appro-
priately with the acllon; Charles Wood’s screenplay
is fast and witty; and director Lester doesn’t let
the pace slack for a minute.

Almost a Genius

To say that Richard Lester has scored another hit
with "The Knack” Is not really saying much.To say
he is a genius is perhaps saying too much; but it’s
not very far from the truth. Lester, who began lils
directoral career with a way-out British television
series, “The Goon Show,” and then proceeded to
films like "Mouse on the Moon,” and the two Beatle
epics, has a phenomenal "knack" for making the
most offbeat filming techniques, even overexposure,
look right. One would suppose thatapicture that took
only eight weeks to film (the usual is from three to
four months) would come out looking hopelessly un-
organized and incredibly amateurish. “The Knack”
and Lester are anything but amateurish.

Honors, too, belong to the delightful foursome of
Crawford, Brooks, Donelly, and Rita Tushlngliam,
who prance through the whole thing with a mirthful
toiigue-in-clieek attitude and a naiuralness that shows
that they are thoroughly enjoying the mad goings on.
What, then, is “The Knack?”

least Colin's. who comes along but an unassuming m,

Why, a minor

racle, that’s all.

Pro-View Tries Broader Spectrum,

Guest Soprano Joan Bucci
Highlights Bruliiiis’ Program

Two Schenectady soloists will singwith the Capitol
Hill Choral Society in an all Brahms’ program on
Friday, November 5 at 8:30 p.m.. at Chancellors
Hall in Albany.

Judson Rand. director. announced that Joan Bucci
of Schenectady would be the soprano soloist. and
John Malthouse. a Schenectady teacher. would be the
baritone soloist. The alto soloist will be Louise
Armstrong of New York City.

Brohms' Program
The Brahms’ program will include: “A German
Requiem” with the full chorus and soprano and
baritone soloists; “The Alto Rhapsody” with Miss
Armstrong and a men’s chorus; and “The Wall of
Heaven." a motet to be sung by the full chorus.
Allen Mills of Schenectady will be the accompanist.
Louise Armstrong is a favorite soloist with

   ACtSChoral Society audiences. She received outstanding

by Fran cis Goodwin

The performances in last week-
end’s Pre-View varied from excel-
lent to unfortunate. The show was
organized sufficiently well that it
is possible to deal with the acts as
they appeared.

The show was opened by Dennis
Buck playing his own arrangement
of the overture ioCameloLThe ar-
rangement was outstanding; Buck’s
playing was not. He played well, but
his playing was overshadowed by
other piano performances.

Helen Stoll and John l-‘oiia, the
co-clialrmen of the event, lllll'U—
duced themselves vocally with a
much changed version of “Hello
Dolly." It was a good idea and
came off well, but if was not worth
a repeat to introduce the second
section of the show.

The jazz sequence was begun by
a blues performance by trumpeter
Lou Strong and pianist Hank Muel-
ler. Strong’s lilgiily interpretive
playing overshadowed Mueller and
the song they played.

Koulmon Oursionding

The first reallylinprcssiveper-
formance was turned in by Ellis
Kaufman. His singing oi“Anyplace
I Hang My Hat is Home” brought the
audience to its first major burst of
applause.

The applause, at the Saturday
performance, was suflii-ieiii to rate
an encore, but one had not been
prepared.

The jazz section was ended by
Carol Rosentliol who sang "The
Man That Got Away.” The mikc
did not work. She was not f'lllll-
foriable iii the key she was in.

The folk section began well with
the Hudson lilver Valley Boys doing
a song programmed only us “Iii-
strumenlal." The crowd’s reaction
to the bluegrassbaiijoplucking was
enthusiastic.

The Calgary li‘our’s "Rider"
was spotty. Three of the four sang.
Only one of these three had any
stage presence. The result was
unlinpressive, especially after the
Hudson River Valley Boys.

Unusual Song

Ed Silver’s "The Shape of
Things" was another highlight of
the evening. As Silver said lll
promoting his song, the song was
intended to be sung by a woman;
but this did not mar his perfor-
inance.

The performance of Lorraine
Seidel and Gail Sultan of "Two

Brothers” was heavily damaged
by their nervousness.

The folk section was concluded
by the Hudson River Valley Boys’
vocal selection. Again the reaction
was more ilian warm.

One of a Kind

Vikki Francis was the last sec-
tion of the program before the
intermission. Miss Francis is
somewhat impossible to describe.
She manages to combine Ethel
Merman and Barbara Streisand.
The result is obviously both unique
and enjoyable.

She sang “Funny Girl” and did
an encore. She also appeared in
the second half in another stand-
out performance.

The second section of the pro-
gram was begun by Helen Stoll’s
rendition of “I Left my Heart in
San Francisco.” It is doubtful that
the song would be her favorite if
Tony Bennett’s style was as life-
less as hers.

First Classical Section

The three highly variediiumliers
of a classical nature were all ex-
tremely successful. Donna Jay
lipiiiig’s bullet dance to “Maria”
suffered from the luck of depth
of Page stage.

Chopin’s “Polonaise iii A Flat”
was played by Deiinitri l’ei‘dai‘is.
While no! a Jose lfUI‘ill, Perdaris
acquitted himself very well. The
familiarity of a good section of
the audience added lo the interest
in his pei'i‘oi‘iiiaiicc.

The best of this gciici'ullycxcel-
lent section was Carla liliielli’s
Singing of “Uii [lei Di." She was
required by lung applause to do an
encore. lsuspcr-I that lithe encore
had been short she would have had
to do another.

Jeff Clici'iuk’s liigliiiiiks as the
magician wcrc iiiiiiisiiig, especially
his unrelicursed verbal battle with
William Laundry.

Ducts and Humor

Diane Sciiici'ville and Toni lloiid
sang “Jusl in Love." The result
was pleasing, but ll was not iiieiii-
arable. Sue Nlcliols' “Sciiietliliig
Wonderful” showed her need for
some basic training like bow to
breathe, how to stand, and how to
use ii potentially great voice.

Joliii Webb’s "it's in the Book"
was a sensation. liis comedy was
unbelievably great. He concluded
with a great rendition of "Grand.-
mu's Lye Soap."

Ronald Waddoll's "Yesterday"
failed to create an llllpl‘eSSlull

distinct from the Paul McCartney
version.

Dalne Bradley's “Love Tastes
Like Strawberries" was very good
although the movements of her
guitarist maintained eye interest,

, thereby taking attention from Miss

Bradley.

“You Are Woman, I Am Man”
by Vikki Francis and Tom Bond
was nothing sliori of great. The
combination of their outstanding
stage presence, their senses of
humor, and their great voices
brought the program to a beautiful
high point.

The finale was "That’s Enter-
tainment” featuring the entire cast
plus four invaders. While the cur-
tain call was sloppy, the song was
good and well done by the large
number of people involved.

The finale was very appropriate;
the idea that Fotia bad in mind
was to broaden ilie slicw toiiiclude
a broader spectrum of entertain-
iiieiit. lie achieved his goal.

Masters’ Print Sale
In Richardson Hall

interested area residents Will
have an opportunity toexaiiiiiie and
purchase original prints by modern
and old master artislsnexiNovein-
her 4. A sales representative from
the Ferdinand lioieii Galleries of
lialriinure, Maryland, Mr. John D.
Wilson, will be at the Commons in
lower Richardson Hall from 10:00
a.in. to 2:00 p.m. Thursday, No-
vember 4. ,

On view will be approximately
500 original err-hinges, lithographs
and woodcuts by Sllf'll artists as
Picasso, Chagall, Lauti'cc, Renoir,
liuunuli, Goya, l’ll‘iiilﬂﬁi, liaskiii
and many others.

Original prints are iiiipi'essmiis
on fine paper iiikcii ll‘Ulll plates,
woodblocks' or lithograph stones
prepared by the ill'llsl and band-
printed by turn or unilerliis super-
vision. No llllulo-lllef'ilalllf’ai pro-
cess is employed as in reproduc-
lliillS of paintings, etc.

Original prints are usually lini-
lied in number and often the mod-
Bl'll print is signed by the artist.
Prices for items to be displayed
range from $5.00 to $2000.00 with
the majority in the under $100.00
range.

All works are for sale and pur-
chases may be charged or paid
over a three-month period.

reviews for her earlier appearances in the 1962
performance of Verdi’s “Manzoni Requiem.” and
the 1963 performance of Handel’s “Messiah.” Her
recent credits include two summers in the role of
the Mother Abbess in a touring company production
of “The Sound of Music.”

First Appearance

This will be Joan Bucci’s first appearance with
the Choral Society. Her credits include many con-
certs with Albany area choruses and symphony or-
chestras, and appearances with the Lexington Choral
Society in Boston. the Utica Symphony, and the New
York Concert Choir. A native of Missouri, she is the
wife of Schenectady attorney Earl M. Bucci.

John Malthouse is a former member of the Choral
Society. and was the baritone soloist in the 1963
performance of the Mozart “Requiem.” He is the
bass soloist at the Trinity Methodist Church in Al-
bany, and a music teacher at the Draper School in
Rotterdam.

Nonprofit Association

The Capitol Hill Choral Society is a nonprofit
association of Albany area musicians. Later this
year, the Socicty will present Handel’s “Messiah”
at Chancellors Hill] on December 17: Rossini’s
“Sinbnt Mater” and three Passion Motets at tht
Cathedral of the immaculate Conception on March
8; and Mcndclssohn's “Elijah” at Chancellors Hall
on May 11.

Tickets for the concert may be purchased at
downtown Albany music stores. from Society mem-
bers, or at the door the night of the concert: adult
$2.50; student $1.25.

chsseiuer County Historical Society Open

November 3-6
House, 4:00—6:00 p.m.

Monday Musical Club Program. 8:30 p.m. Al-
bony Insiiiure of History and Ari, open to the
public.

November i

l'lir I‘llllrlhulllly u/ i)" Rand, discussion or
8:00 p.m. in tho U-loungo oi Vovorwych. Panel-
isis: Dr. Mark Berger, Mr. William Grimes, .l.
Roger Lore and Lu Grecnberg.

November 3

November 4 Print Solo, Lower Richardson, 10-2.

November 3-6 H] liir'i' and Man. University Thooiro Produc-
tion. Page Hall, 8:30 p.m.
Brahms Roi/ulna by the Capitol Hill Choral

November 5
Society. Chancellor's Hall, 8:30 p.m.

 

