    

“B‘Q‘Vi‘hﬂw

Magyar—s.

  

.1".

     
  

 

 

 

    
  

m... i...

I
i
I
i
i

 

 

. - ' ‘ ' Jar hunts-theateseht'i'eqmrementi ' * ‘
use 'hmnd._he‘1this catchment s;.'defeatedandamend- -
,.   , . t» _ - ' {meat three is passed. the result would
One of theselis‘the'zj' accumulative be that it “Md “he 33 10% 33 91"
index qualification needed to serve on fag; *0 “hie” a change iii-the 001?-
' - ' -. - e s on.
:vhfmgamﬁigogzt‘zepgmt; - 8 Perhaps a more lengthy explanation
higher avenge the-better qualiﬁed to is needed: assume that the voters are
“we “the mutt. ' asleep this November and establish
5 One member of Central Council who foun‘ye“ term! Starting 1“ 1965i Th1” :
'mrh'd on the 'goverhmeht workshop means that an amendment (passed by
“at yen. and that thta “almanac” the legislature at its first meeting in
was “dad to ehhhnee the prestige of 1967) could not be passed by a second
the people on the com.t. we cannot legislature until 1971. The amendment
' agree with the reasoning behind this WW” the“ have *0 be V°led “Don by the
actual“ . * voters. The delay would be unreason-
' ' _ able.
5021?; 5:303:11! ﬁat??? $186026; The other amendments have only
thta réqmremeht' On'e of the reasons limited effects on the form of the

  
 
  

 
 

in»:

r

 
   
 
    
     

    
   
   
  

mm: on wnsﬂm 1w
'lu Arum i: would!

  

I»  in: we :6 Ma um _.
' or oar-Mr 05A“

Now!

 

"U. I\

kami-

739'! a..__...

 

 

for the downfall of Senate was that state’s government. Only number nine—
people ran for the office because it deserves any comment The main 590'
was a matter of prestige. 1 tion applies to pension provisions for

we do not feel that. a minimum aca_ sanitation workers and dependents. but

deth average shouldbe entirely dip there is a hidden clause to resmrew

ciently definite. T k a m P a, _
gigmgtfoieﬁg galgftntiu2038aﬁggnag Amendments two. four, five, seven, tonigewiiaﬁfii; hibioib‘i’c 33y
Central, Council will realize the ab- eight and "me Should be approved' d°wn Fm“ Amm’ a “mew”?
surdity of this stipulation and change although it seems that a defeat for all igblferflagd less elegant mm 9
it in the Student Association constmk of them wouldhave no significanteffect. Both ud‘emonsmhonsn had ,he
"on Their unimporance points up the need same peaceful objecting.
' ‘ for a general rewriting of the state’s wag“;ec‘gﬁ,fd whims; 8:311sz
 constitution. Perhaps then we willhave an, the other was greeted why,
1 Bed amendments to a document with current meaning that jeers oi derision and the hurling
thghgtantef gimme“ present home will not be subject to dozens of amend- “gﬁgﬁmﬂ demonstrmon was a
major and some trivial issues to the ments’ puhlic prtotes‘tliatsainst U. s. in-
voters. Nearly half the voters either “sifn‘m'; “degogmhhons took
d0 Mt know there are amendments on  n  e place almost simultaneously in
the ballots or do not want to vote one Chic-so, Benninaion, and in other
way or the other The ASP rejects the reasoning and attain than :oﬂege campuses
' on e a o .

We feel this is an unfortunate situ- the mOtWauoh behind Dr- TimOthY Mfume motbythe same angry
ation, although somewhat unavoidable COSlBllO'S ‘I'eceht attack on William mobs whossmosifrequently voiced
due to the condition of New York’s Buckley. Costello stated that a vote :pitheis "were "egghead" and
constitution for Buckley would be an anti-Catholic t” 91”"

‘ Editorial Cartoon

The first amendment is intended to VOte- Tn, Dan, News, a New York
give the legislature more time to con- COStellO 15 the member 0f the Llhd‘ tabloid that usually plays to the
sider the budget Since New York's say team running for President of the arorndlinsiiplhblisheiti :nlzditorial

‘ _ car OOH W c S 01‘ 0V 1‘
fiscal year begins on April 1, this City Councilc Buckley 15 the COhSGrVa caption ,,,,,,,..,',3,mf,, was"):

amendment is needed. It will require th’e Party candida: for Niﬁyor- Thist pitllturs oil a “beatnik type" car-
the Governor to submit his bud t in entire matter 09“ r5 0“ '3 curren ‘3’ “3 5"“ “mm “’3’ “5‘9”.
mid-January unless it is his firsﬁmd- Donne“ races in New York City- Mfifgsmiﬁiffgriﬁti'if 
get. This would allow a newly elected There 15 no reason to assume that them, almost side by side, read
Governor more time for his first bud- Costello’s statement has a single ele- "esghesd" and "leftist."
t, ment of truth to it. the statement yeg'fs‘t’t‘; fxgltgrgéngavg‘bzzgﬁet
The third proposed amendment in- marks a new low in the campaigh- synonymous for the intellectual
tends to change the term of the 1.3315- We are sadly disappointed that Lind- community in America.
latex-3 from two years to four years, say failed to disassociate himselffrom A""""'°“°='W'

_ Since the 1930's the U. S. has
We have not heard any worthwhile the COBtBuO Statement. Instead: he been enveloned in en nnnnntei.

A nation at sheep!

lleleii in any major western coun-
try.
The "intellectual" is held in
suspicion and/or despised. The
chauvinist is rewarded.

Even the great hero of our folk
lore is the strong silent cowboy
who “don't hold none to book
larnin’." Our modern hero is the
scientist who plays with atoms and
telescopes and things outside the
realm of subjective involvement.

Ad Homlnem Smears

Our government leaders are
making even greater use of the in-
telligentsia. But even those at the
top are not averse to generalized
ad hominem smears when the opin-
ions of the academic and artistic
community clash with theirs.

Blind loyalty is a lot easierthan
intelligent commitment and the
powers that be are much better
qualified to deal with a large, ig-
norant populace than they are to
meet face to face with critical and
well informed minds.

One does not have to advocate
government encouragement of
anti-government activities. One
does, though, have an obligation
to demand that the critics be
heard and that, if their criticisms
are justified, something be done
to ameliorate the conditions under
attack.

Healthy, happy babies don't often
mature in incubators. If the fed»
eral government were as sure of
our national policy as we are sup-
posed io believe, they would expose
it to the germ oi criticism and test
“s ability to survive.

      
  
  

 

 

 

    

by Douglas Nolhgob

Stanley Kramer is no fool. He
has proven in film after film
that he is one of the finest and
surely one of the most intelligent
American producers around.

His "High Noon" gave a dignity
and meaning to the western; his
"Judgment at Nuremburg" probed

., deeply into the question of Nazi

war guilt and theNuremburgtrals;

his "inherit the Wind" brilliantly

depicted the ludicrous Scopes Trial
. of the I1920’s.

No'w. Kramer gives us “ship oi
Fools," a magnificent screen ad-
aptation of Katherine Ann Porter’s
best-selling novel.

Second-Rove Liner '

The ship oLthe story is a sec-
ond-rate ocean liner bound for
Germany, out of Veracruz, in the
year 1933. It is a most: unusual
ship, to be sure, for it carries an
odd and exciting group of charac-
ters - a washed-up baseballplay-
er, a durg-addlclad contessa, a
philosophical dwarf, a bitter di-

tlons of these people, exposing
their own individual flaws, their
own personal claims to the title
of “fool.”

Yet there is another level, for
more profound and disturbing than
the literal. This "ship of fools"
represents the generation of the
prewar thirties, a generation sail-

‘Shum llllll Drimg’l’liose Over
Among Mimeo Publications

by William Gross

Where have all the papers gone?

The mimeograph machine, which
last year churned out almost a
dozen different papers, has been
unduly quiet this year.

So far, only "suppression" has
made an effort to come out regu-
larly; today's issue is the fifth
this year. “Skandalon” and “The
Banner" have managed only one
issue apiece. i can only say that
“Counterpoint,” “Controversy,”
“Senzenia,” “Bio Club News"and
“The SCOPE Newsletter" are
missing and presumed dead.

This is unfortunate. Literary
and political journals are neces-
sary to an intellectual community.
We need to hear from the demo-
cratic-republicans, the John
Birchers and tile menial anar-
chisis.

   

Nloizcheon Philosophy

Explores Pre- World War Attitude.

. ing blindly toward world holocaust.

'The year of their voyage is sig-
nificant — 1933, the year Hitler
came to power in Germany.

As the picture progresses, and
as we observe this cross-section
of humanity, we begin to see that
it is people like these, by their
actions or lack of action, that will
bring about a world war. ‘

Performances in this fine film'
range from good to great. Lee

who confuses patriotism with
racism. Most of the time he is
quite funny, quite jovial, and a
true Epicurean; but one does not
have to probe too deeply to our-
mise that he would endorse any-
thing Der Fuhrer decreed, even
if it came to liquidating Jews or
enslaving Poland.
DrugcAtldlctod Contesso

Miss Signoret, playing tlisdrug-

addicted contessa, a political exile

Marvin, as the ballplayer, who on her way to prison, plays a dif-
could never hit a curveball on the iicult role with great conviction.
outside corner, handles his comic She may be getting on in years,
sequences with true aplomb; and but her‘ talent has not dimmed a
in his only dramatic scene, where, bit.

in a drunken stupor, he unburdens

Michael Dunn's whimsical char-

his was on the dwarf, he is su- acterlzaiion of the divari — the
perb. only passenger to survive the trip
Flamenco Dunc" unscathed — completely steals the

Jose Crew 15 Slightlyil/Pecast picture, and just could garner
as 8 599111511 flamenco dancer. hilt himself a nomination at Oscar

most of the time all he does is time

danceanyway, and is quite effec-
tive in this capacity.
Heinz Ruehmann registers a

. Oscar for Werner
if Oskar Werner is not nominated
for one, however, it willbeagross

good performance 85 a kindly but injustice. Werner, of "Jules and
naive German Jew who answers Jim” fame is very likely to be-

markably good at it. Likewise, ing; hisdramaiic scenesareamong
Vivien Leigh is good at expound- the best in the film. Aloiofwomen
ing her views on the pitfalls of are going to swoon over him.

mis-marriage. Miss Leigh is as

“Ship of Fools" is going to

good here as she has ever been, make a lot of "Ten-Best” lists
and she comes close to stealing this year and for good reason. it

the picture.

proﬁts from an excellent script Thrnuah October 27

Jose Ferrer is appropriately by Abby Mann, expert though con-
obnoxious as a German national Ventional Photography, fine direc-
tion and amemorable music score.

And then, of course, there is

Kramer, the man behind it all.
Kramer’s ship may be packed with
fools. but he is not one of them.

  
       
     
         
         
 

WSUA BROADCASTER Lou Strong demonstrates the necessary
techniques for good announcing. Tune in WSUA to. campus lis-
tening pleasure.

whim .

I I vorcea a handso e but l: bl d f t. October 22 Elena, College lecture. Dr. Robert J. Clomnts.
regarded as a qualification for office. a?” $1: chastiltéiltigh Zlggggggmoe:toigf VI  Peace M on R es smmwhmm’ mngbnox‘ougoiée:  Shhegfrgaﬂrt- fgiitsah$esn§ovggt'sﬁrtne:n itirtiiée: Dam Me, 700 Mm 0m to “I. Wu,“
The present 2-0 index needed '0 serve ears g M p - m”: tw0|,“thbelnztllovors,aniiive ing, “There are over a million of parole search of something or 8:00 p.m.
. . . d fl , ' ," ' -
r on central councu oruggy10ftthe 0313. y When New York City’s new charter , I l  h  aw an a my amaﬂco us They (Mails-tMlblrlrli:gseMI fifgnf‘lfltgnSVetlfhgagzlizfrs”? $2132! October 24 Schenectady Mulaun'l‘ Assessotlan music(z;groin.)
} I 0 en “a ~ s  8:00 . . t the Sc onecro y unum. "no.
if  areas is a s q was passed' the year for the elec- "'s' s   p 0n the'IifggiEii‘alLSeliIWSf course 1 Georgedsega] tmdeihzibeth Asn- apagﬁgvansghe with Mi 5 51 p m u
i ' tions of mayors was not made suffi- ti, d ,‘t, ,' ey Spa“ m°s ° e r “m” ° e s S 3’ amt... 25 Detroit symphony Orchestra. Civic Music Asso-
‘ It is too late to Change this require' by Jim aogloy lectual almospherealmostunpara- a rams concerns e interac time squabbling, but they are re--noret are tender and often amus—

ciotion. Phile Livingston High School ot lils
pan.

Through October 25 Annual exhibit and solo, Woodstock Guild of

Crollsmen, Klolnari Gallery, Woodstock.
The Figure International. Schonsctody Muloun.

Helen Von Borstal one-man show at Mechanics
Exchange Savings Bank.

Through October

Thmugh October Albany Prints, Print Gallery, Albany Institute of

History and Ari.

..   .. Various Musical Events Planned
To Make November Memorable

government's mad passionfor con-
stitutions, statements of purpose,
etc. This need not be a major
consideration; “The Banner"
simply ignores them.

Thursday Review

One bright spot is the “Thurs-
iay Review” which, I hope, will
soon be available. The “Thursday
Review” will be a literary jour-
nal, containing stories, poems and
announcements of coming literary
and art events. The editors in-
clude a former co-editor of "sup-
pression” and several campus
poets.

These are only a few and the
need is so ‘great. Student Asso-
ciation has a brand new electric

can commence the annual pro-
liferation of inimeographed pub-
Mentions.

by John Spross

November promises to be one

On Tuesday, November 5, the

Capitol Hill Choral society will present a recital-lecture, entitled
present “A German Requiem" by “The Materials of the Contem-
Johannes Brahms. This work,first porary Composer."

presented on Good Friday, 1868,
is noi a requiem in the traditional
sense. It is rather a meditation on
death - a setting of seven scrip-

tural uoiatlons
mimeograph machine so that we Brahmsqhhnse”.

selected by

The "German Requiem" is

scored for chorus, orchestra and
soprano and baritone soloists.
Brahms began this work while still

Vincent Perslchem semen in the original French and
on Tuesday, November 13, the With the Sp0ken dialogue. rather
Music Come“ and the America at than the interpolated recitatives

of the most "musically" memor- Mid-century Symposium will co- 0‘1876.
able months of the year, with an sponsor a rare musical experi-
amazing variety of musical events ence. Vincent Persichelti, head of
being planned.

Based on Merimee’s once scan-

me composmon department at dalous novel, this tremendously
Jullllard School of Music will popumr Opera' performed by a

’ competent troupe, will establish
November in Albany as a month

of music.
bill

640

 

Perslcheiti, a prolific com-
poser, ariisi, and music theorist,
has recently been honored by mem-
bership in the American Academy
of Arts and Letters.

November’s musical calendar
will continue on Friday afternoon,
November 19, with a piano recital
in Page Hall by Robert Enman.
Mr. Emma is a member of the

  
 
  
  
        

 

 
  
 
      
 

i

      
  
 
 
   
    
 
   
   
 
  
  

Isn't there anyone dying to ex-
plain Nieizchean philosophy to the
masses? Doesn't someone want to
prove that only the seventeenth
earl of Oxford could possibly have
written the Shakespearean plays?

   

upset by the tragic deaill of Schu- muSic faculty of the Emma Willard
menu; the soprano aria, however, School. Troy, and has Studied at
was composed after the death of Yale. His recital will include Pro-
the composer's moiher in 1860. k0lieV'S Sonata N0. 3 In A, Four

All-Brahms Program PleCBS by Brahms, and Beel-

 

; 2 reasons to vote for this, The excuse pretended that Costello's statement
5 ‘ that the office-holders do not like to did not raise a religious issue-  A S
‘ ' . campaign every two years, thereby We hope the other leaders of the

. meeting their constituents, does not GOP and the Liberal Party Will 1‘9-

       

ninety, or more, percent of the

 

  

  

 

who .

 

 

l
Contact Legislators
To the Editors:

This is my second letter to the
ASP on the subject of 5.9 (the
Cold War Veterans’ Rsadjusiment
Act.) The first letter was not
printed, but i am hoping this will
be, as there are many veterans
at Albany State.

S.9 contains provisions of in-
terest to every veteran who will
have over 180 days of service
between January 31, 1956 and July
1, 1067. The bill provides for a
grant of $110 a month ($135 if

seem valid to us. We hope for an over- pudicate the Costello statement.

Albany Student Press

ISTAILISNID MAY I’M
IV TMI CLASS 0' Nil

 

   
 

 

 

 

The Albon Stu em Press is o “ml-weakly news opal published by the student body of tbs Stats Unlvmliy of New
Vovli at Al any. in ASP Office, located In Room Sol Brubochor Hall at 750 State Street, ls open from 7-" pun. Sunday
Mount! Thursday nights. The ASP may be reached by dialing 43440“.

0 VI. GALU - JOSEPH S. SIL ERMAN
J SEW Co-Editors-in-Chiai V

KLAUS S HNITZED

testimony heard by the committee
has been emphatically favorable.

Unfavorable comment has been
presented by the Department of
Defense. The generals fear that
with A.9 as an inducement many
veterans will not reenlist. The
Veterans' Administration, sup-
ported by the Department of the
Budget, also disapproves of 5.0
although its reasoning is vague,
the admittedly under reevaluation.

The feeling of some members
of the Committee is that the ad-
ministration, outside oi Congress,

Isn’t someone going to put out a
weekly review of the activities
of Dr. Loveand Ills dolphins? Won’t
someone please defend the La
Placian theory of the creation,
or music before Beethoven, which
I refuse to recognize as existing?

0

C

It isn’t hard to set up a news- "

paper. A few ads will pay for the
paper. Student Association
thoughtfully provides an operator
for the mimeograph machine.
Then all you need is a typisl,
someone with an obsession for
stapling and a very large supply

0

d

This secular choral work, scored
for coniraito soloist and male

poem, “A Night on llarz Moun-
lain.”
affair with Clara Schumann's

for an Italian count.

This till-Brahms program pre— haven's Sonata No. 26 in E-ilai.
sented in Chancellors Hall will

oniiilue with the “AlioRllnpsody.”

horus, is a setting of Goethe's

Brahms composed (his melan-
holy lnusic after an unsuccessful
aughter, who left the composer

he choral society's concert

d at the
will con lude with Brahm's short as u was ﬁrm performe,
cantata Emma Wan 0, Heaven," Opera Comique on March J, 1875.

honored by a first-season perfor-
mance by the Metropolitan Opera
Touring Company. This national
company, co-sponsored by the
Metropolitan Opera and the John

O
F. Kennedy Cultural Center will L '
present "Carmen" by Gebrges  
Bizet.
Under the direction of Rise Stev-
ens ihls opera will be performed 
' easure

Met Opera
On November 30, Albany will be

For Campus

WSUA 

   
        
          
    
               
          

 

 

 

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
lluulivs Him
WILLIAM H. COLOAN
lsecutlve Editor

EILEEN MANNING Thai is — "Carmen" will be pre-

mu. MAKE youa own 'DWELE"
i that you. caabs TO m ANY OCCASION

 

 

5”," “no, married, $180 withiwodependanis) is opposed to legislation of S.9's
DIANA M DOMKOWSK' r a maximum of 36 months of type. it is my feeling, therefore,
hug"... mu", school attendance. There are also that now would be a good time to . I"

GA," WOODS vocational, and farm school bene- indicate ioouriiepreseniativesour '
Aunt... ppm..th 54"., fits plus some loan provisions in- support of 8.0. Passage this sss- “mks-
cludad in 8.9. alert is improbable, but, because

 
 

of cigarettes. nnmnnaarl In men

 

Photogmp y Editor

MONICA M. MGGAUGNEY
Advertising Manager

LARRY EPSTIIN
Arts dlior

 
 

 

 

    
        
  
 

iii DAD

 
 

 

 
 
  
     
     
      
       
   
  

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

Aulliem Spam Editor Dan "‘ " l have just received a copy of of the clause making payments 9 muilﬂll.
 gm... ctmtithoooiw. on»; Semmsrvl'lls,l lug". minim 1:42» Jan.“ f3“ and tho chiralniglgge ratings: reiroactlv: to tiepiemlber l, hmet; -“ u." m. u m 0 u it llll st GET A DWELF KIT AT 7”:
. . , i n , coin at r 0! mon Oil . . 9 IS as” a or o ' o
Cunninglirul',”iian" Mica: oil-Tags“ "Slang-r, Isrbsra Iolbdze'". Mobuiﬂ‘u'iil. 31b bun in ycommitiee since August :ext ﬁssion inepgggh’hgoshng. t" I0 “I ‘3 "nun"  
Wanner, ili Shrliimsn, Linda Gasman, John you. ansi Hess. Sieve Cunl 31 1965 but ha. been passed by “we 'lu ."
r I - Anne Disney, Sieve Waiter, Harry Nueliais, Jim Dooley, Douglas Ratbglb the' um}. “d ha. been in the I Chou” especially “he to "_ JOII NI V." "i    A
,1 ' rt Walls: Poet. Gory Woods. Tu Mun Lu. Rob-n Sin-nun House since July 20, 1905, which quest that allinsiruclors who ap- LF 70””; . ..-
termini. John semis probably the date it was first prove of the legislation contact m" "“ WE rim awe

 
  
 
 
 

My , u t , , v M , M . C referred to committee. The Com- their Representatives. Our votes
....r:.r.r.:i. mania. '..".t.<"::i.'°.l’l'.$: ::.'..'.".‘.:":i.'.‘..:'. ir'h.:‘:."i'~7i~ “ii-'u' -£43435==”v='3»~2mm.mmee on vmmv Audra is may be equal:  inﬂuence 1-mi-
‘- 091nm. elsruud in In column or scllswiiutlcno. or turn uuuolens do not ns‘us‘ssrlly is set in views. handling the hearings. Probably ‘ Chhpies g, '3',"

 

“I "‘0' ll

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.LSSS THAN "0 A CA”

 

 

 

 

  

 

