 
  

 
 
   
    
     
  
     
  
 

    
    
  
   
  
   
  
  

    

as: ' r zu‘u S

_‘ .e.aww~ogmx

...._;.,...- .1» ,

a. W77“:

 r x.

, ah
- :e’ﬁﬁg‘gw.ga namhw

.4.“

    

cu

‘a‘m . 5“. ..
 awakens.»

' «L2? "iv

..— ~11
. m.

:,,.,.:_‘_, _

55.x“.

_,,, 

  
   

r

floctod' In
against Ithaca College.

I in the NCAA small-co

THE HOPE ACTION, AND DISAPPOINTMENT of the recont cago season are re-
ie series of icturec taken by Steve Kling of State's final home ame
ones .to Buffalo and Ithaca completely eliminate Al-
ny's chances for a root-season tournament bid. Buffalo was recently eliminated

logo division tournament by Akron University, Ohio. AI Doc

Sauore walked out of the Armory on February 28 for the lost time, the season still

 

iﬁiii

A S P
«no  ,

 

ilili lieg Results

Here is the rundown on the two
AMIA Bowling Leagues through Mar.
8:

LEAGUE I
1. Goobers 92 34 --
2. Kappa Beta 85
3. Commuters 82 44 10

 

 

A RajView of Sports 

. ads 

   

by Ray McCloat .

The AMIA intramural basketball leagues have been
operating .for almost two months now, and we feel that
certain faults have arisen in the functioning of these
leagues that must be corrected if next year’s season is
to be successfully run.

Before we examine these faults, we must admit that
some of the league’s malfunctions are directly attribu-
table to the delay caused by the construction of a new
floor in the Page Gym. There are, however, a number

 

 

of abuses that have been suffered by the teams in the ,

leagues that are a result of lack of foresight and poor
scheduling on the part of AMIA officials.

’Occasionally games would have to be rescheduled
due to last minute developments. In one such instance,
one of the teams was never notified of the change and,
as a result, had to forfeit the contest. Many times
during the season a team would be charged with a
technical foul because a substitute had run onto the
court before the man he was replacing had left the floor.
This was due to the lack of a substitution rule, or the
failure of the AMIA to inform the teams of one.

Too often a spectator was called on to be the score-
keeper, timekeeper, or referee, when such positions
should have been held by trained, paid league officials.
We feel, also, that it would not be too great an expense
to the AMIA to furnish a scoreboard (makeshift at that)
so that players would not have to call to the scorer’s
table to find out the score of the game. -

Players have the right to know what place their team
is in and who the leading scorers are in each league.
AMIA should furnish these statistics by putting them
up on the bulletin board of give it to the ASP for pub-
lication. Also, the public should be notified when an
important game is to be played in one of the four
leagues.

This year's AMIA basketball season is over, none
too soon. We can only hope that next year’s season
enjoys better planning and organization that this year’s
did.
Added note: Mr. Keith R. Munsey was named early
last week to pilot the fresh baseball team. Mr. Munsey,
‘ successful cross-country coach, is replacing Bill
Sohieffelin, who is receiving a rest from the coaching
chores he has had since mid-September. If coach Mun—
sey can be half as successful with the frosh‘dlamondmen
as he has been with the cross-country team. the fresh
are sure to have a fine season.

4. Potter Club 71 48 171/2
5. Elberons 67 52 21 1/2
6. Meals 62 04 30
7. APA 62 64 30
8. ' “ “ 44 82 48
9. New Dorms 41 85 51

I 10. Waterbury 18 108 74

High individual scores: John Lil-
ga (EEP) 246-623; Joe Loudls (Goo-
bers) 2345-590; Gordy Muck (APA)
228-574, 243-572; Mike Putney (E1-
berons) 209-571, Tom Jones (EEP)
202-565, 214-552; Don Comtois
(EEP) 200-570; Kirk Ellis (Goobers)
203-555; John Crouse (New Dorm)
233-552; Dave Serson (Commuters)
550-560 in two series; Tony Riser-
vato (KB) 212-531.

LEAGUE ll
. Potter Club 70 21
. One-Eyes 62 29
. Waterbury 46 45
. TXO 4 47

Kappa Beta 41 50
. Alpha Pl Alpha 37 54
. lnteiiects 36 55
Commuters 28 (53

adds-al.3sz—

Highest scores: Connelly, 222,
Sneddon, 217, Welcome, 217.

High series: Connelly, 592, Sa-
lecker (One-Eyes) 578, Connelly,
551.

Frosh Travel

Next Friday, March 19, the Al-
bany State freshman wrestling teem
will compete in an annual West
Point Tournament with other top
frosh grappling squads from along
the Eastern seaboard.

Such schools as Lehigh, the Un-
iversity of Pittsburg, Penn State,
Cornell, Yale, Harvard, Brown, and
Oswego will be represented. '

About the meet itself, Varsity
wrestling coach Joe Garcia had this
comment: "Formerly, rules pro-
hibited the losers of two matches
from competing again, but now I
understand that all wrestlers who
were defeated by finalists can com-
pote among themselves for second,
third. and fourth places."

Coagh gob Buriingame will take
r SNAPPY BARBER SHOP
We feature
collegiate haircuts

5 minute walk from the
Now Campus
"48 Westom Avenue

808 and FRANK

had ono game remaining, but for all purposes it was over. The Feds travelod to
Central Connecticut and were trounced by a fired-u
out the long season for State. The Albany mon recor ed a fine 16-6 mark and estab-
lished a new record for consecutive wins, 12, in a highly successful year. On this
ono.evenin9, however, the season was a failure. ’

home team, 102-80, to close

Manager Woodmard :
Valuable Handyman

by Don Oppodisano

John ‘ ‘Woody’ Woodward,

varsity basketball and soc-

 

cer manager, is a man devoted to his job. At every
game, “Woody” is on the sidelines, keeping a running
score of the game; in addition, he arranges meals,
sends in cumulative statistics every week to the Na-
tional Collegiate Athletic Bureau, and handles money

 

 

to arrange accommodations for overnight trips.

John comes from Heu-
velton, N. Y.. where, at
Heuvelton Central School,
he lettered in football two
years, being named to the
all-league football team in
his senior year, and let-
tered in baseball one year.

    

W est Point
the fresh grapplers into the meet
and hopes that the team “makes a
good showing” in light of the tough
competition at the meet. Mr. Garcia
feels that one of the problems the
boys have faced in past tournament
competition is the lack of intra-
team competition.

Some past State wrestling greats
who have been successful in the
tourney are Charley Cane, Clem
Crow, Tommy Farrel, and John
Waytowlch, who was defeated by
the man who later went on to he a
national champion.

Both coaches Garcia and Bur-
lingame feel that the calibre of our
wrestlers has greatly improved and
hope for a state champion in the
near future.

 

die Atlantic States and
...nrvrtu

 

cm'eusrlo - PENIN
UN ENGRADUAVE STUDENIS
(Mm. ago I? I completion of or luau l year of college)
GRADUAYE SYUDENIS and FACUHY MEMBERS
THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS

. . . comprising Ill outstanding ono. Girls. Brother-liner
and Co-Ed Comps. located Inaugheul the New England. Mid-
on o
YOUI "‘00!!!" coocoroiog sun-er employment as Head
Counselors. Group loaders. luclaitioo. General Counselors.
Write, Phone. or Call in Peraon

Association of Private Comps - Dept. C
“can” At. Ale-under, howlive Director

 
 

“Woody,” a junior with a math
major and a chemistry minor, came
to State because it offered the pro-
gram he wanted at the time. He
started to be interested in manag-
ing his freshman year when he be-
came manager of the freshman bas-
ketball team. He said, “They needed
sometone to be manager and I wanted
something to do.” He was varsity
basketball and soccer manager in
his sophomore and junior years,
and will be manager of both sports
next year when he is a senior.

Here at State, John has also been
a member of the football, bowling,
and softball intramural teams, and
was a member ofthe freshman base-
ball team. He hopes to teach math
after he graduates, and go on forhis
Masters, hopefully at St. Lawrence.

“Woody's” biggest thrill since
becoming a manager was the Feds’
double overtime 83-81 win over
Plattsburgh in February. He said
that, “it was kind of satisfying."

When asked about how managing
will help him in the future, John
was quoted as saying that, "You
got a good background in sports.
1! you ever want to go into officiating
in sports, you will know a lot about
it. You learn a lot about the admin-
istrative end, which is one thing
that the varsity athlete doesn‘t learn.
You do a lot of travelling and get
to see a lot of the statg,"

Sigma Alpha |

Sigma Alpha downed Bleoker in
a basketball game last week, 17-6.
in a match with Hartwick, Deml
Binares scored 10 points to lead
the female cagers to a 27-25 vic-
tory. in the fresh contest, iiariwick
won a llrrhl game. 29-27.

In WAA bowling, Phi Delta topped
Brubnchcr, 1730-1720, with Joyce
ilaber roll")! a 193 single.

  

    
 

  
 
   
        

        
   
     
 

ONY.

 

 

      
    
      
  

   
  

 

with :LlBRARY‘

FILL r‘ L
L” .

r lino!»

_, l
w H A BMW

 
 
 

  

 

 

Who

Midnight Oil?

Burned
the

 

 

 

 

 

A PICTURE OF DESTRUC plots the aftermath of the

fire that swept the partially completed dormitory tower Thurs-

3:11,. The propane gas tanks amidst the rubble are blamed for
a no.

Blaze in Dorm Tower
Retards Construction

A fire, preeededby boomingexplosions, raged through
the seventh and eighth floors of the partially completed
dormitory tower of the second quadrangle at the univer-
sity’s new campus site, last Thursday morning.

The flames roared out along a few months ahead of sched-
of control for five hours ule, and workmen had been com-
while Albany firemen and plating a floor every three or four

days.
volunteer companies from However, if the fire caused ser-
neighboring

communities lous structural damage, and part
had to string hoselines for

of the frame must be torn down,
there will be a considerable loss
more than a half-mile from of time.

- _ Presently, structural engineers
3r wélshmggon £ve3ye hyh are determining how much, if ally,
an m or er ex “131115 of the recently completed building
the blaze, frame will have to be dismantled

A spokesman for the 'contl‘actlng to repair the damage.

company, Foster-Newman Co.,Inc.,
Si?.‘.‘:.‘.’..“‘ii.‘if;.“ift”.3::“’;‘t“§t.3{ Milan! Students
loin lll Protesting
I l ,
Ministers Murder

$50,000.
Albany witnessed a march ofover

The dormitory tower, whicheven-
iually will rise to twenty-two stor-
1000 people Sunday afternoon pro-
testing the murder of Reverend

ies, was unoccupied; it is scheduled
James lieeb ill Selma, Alabama.

for occupiulcy by February, 1960.
It is believed that apropane-hcutcr,
used to protect newly poured con-
cretc from freezing winds, touched
off the blaze.
The demonstration was nationwide
and was sponsored by the National
Association for the Advancement
of Colored People.
The march began at 2 p.m. at
[he "11“ 810W “bum 9:30 i’~"‘- we“' the Temple Baptist Church on Clin-
ﬂGSllﬂl’r ‘ ton Street. The demonstrators then
WWI “'0 lemi’elmm'es “UVGMW solemnly marched four nbrcnsl to
just above 20 degrees, and freezing the Calmm sums. No “ugh”; or
winds expected, lilo wol'klnenplaccd tulkmg was allowed in the preces-
cunvns around llle outside of the 510,“ '
lOWGlR When they reached iile steps of
Will'kllmli Hil‘UlC’lB‘l “‘9 Calm”; the Capital, a burst of singingbroko
from lilo eighth floor to tile ninth, our [ad by Dr, mclmrd wumg a
and fired the fifteenpropunehentcl's “01955,”. m 5mm, Jame Lockhﬂ'r,‘
10 Neil “"3 “0W CUIWI'OW Will'm- Slate Commissioner of Human
It is believed that the strong ﬂights, and the Friends of succ.
winds pulled the cuuvas louse nlld [may the Singulg n 5110,15”wa
that the flapping 010“! much?“ H was held in the memoryoflleverend
propnuo heater and burst lnlo “ooh, The Home.) was led by (5101'-
ilulllch‘. The “1'0 W118 (ll-‘H-‘UVBI'UU “1’ gymcn from the three major faiths.
a night watchman at 2:33 n.m. The day's neutrinos ended with
all the marchers singing the tra-
ditlunnl Civil Rights song,“\Ve Shall

Wind Loosens Canvas
'l‘he contractors explained that a
group of 180 workmen on the second
quadrangle had completed ille pre-
cnsl concrete forms for the floor of

Tower Almod of Schedule
A'HPUliDBliliill for lilo Siulo Dor— gym-come,"

lullol'y Authority pointed out that Albany sum, was rem-chem“; at

work on the tower had We" “IUVUIL’ the march With a contingent ofnboui

- I fifty students, including many mom-

| No Fuday Issue bers of Wooden: Council.’l‘he Coun-

liecause of the vacation, the ASP all members were equipped with

April 2. State Students Protest Violence."

   
    

MARCH 18, 1965

VOL. LI NO. 10

 ' ' Collins Discusses Presidential Role-
4- With Student Panel at Golden Eye

“Essential to the success of a community of scholars is a foundation of mutual

trust.” With this remark, Dr. Evan R. Collins
many of the points he had made in talkin
Friday night. The panel included Toni Meste

beth Webre. Alice Katz moderated the discussion.

The panel sought first to
determine the President’s
legal powers and respon-
sibilities, and Dr. Collins
made it clear that “the law
imposes no restrictions on

. the President’s authority

except thathis rulings can’t
be capricious or arbi-
trary.”

He also pointed out that in the
final analysis, he is the “single
channel from the trustees to the
rest of the university" and that
final responsibility for all aspects
of University administration rests
upon hiln.

in this context he added that
while “we retain in administration
a lot of the small college flavor”
he must delegate more and more
of ills authority to vice presidents.

lie made the distinction that “a
vice president acts for the Presi-
dent, a dean acts to the Presiient.

Outside Activities

The panel questioned lllm on his
outside activities, which include
serving on the board of a bank, and
serving as president oflhe American
Association of Colleges for Teacher
Education.

l-ie defended this use of much of
his time by declaring that "one of
the most important tasks (ofapres-
ident) is to interpret the University
to tile community." lie spoke of
several tangible results ofthis role,
one of which is a community-spon-
sored planetarium which will be lo-
cated Oil the New Campus.

Free Press
Tile area of academic freedom,
and particularly freedom of student
publications was much discussed.
In this regard Dr. Collins stated:
“There is no compromise between
having a student newspaper andhav-
ing an official publication. When stu-

(con/ium'd Io [mgr 2)

  

MEMBERS OF ALBANY STATE'S No
will not publish an issue this Fri- signs reading "Mr. President, how banner on they take
day. Publication will resume on many more must die?" and"Albuny among the man
demonstration.

  

PRESIDENT EVAN COLLINS Ii

, President of SUNYA, brought together
g with a student panel at the Golden Eye
r, Guy McBride, Tim Atwell, and Eliza-

  

:ii ., .

stons to a question from the and:

 

icnce as he took part in Friday night's Golden Eye. Other panel-
ists in the picture are Alice Katz and Tim Atwcll.

Council Forms Committees;
Plans Vacation Conference

in its meeting Sunday evening,
Provisional Council divided its
twenty-six man membership illto
eight committees. Joseph Mahay,
chairman of the Council, explained,
“we felt that at this point much
more could be accomplished if we
subdivided the Council, with each
committee working intensively in
one area."

The eight committees formed
were Religious Interests, Living
Areas, Community Programming,
Communications, Academic inter-
ests, Central Council, Finance, and
Organizational Recognition.

It is hoped that each committee

  

he *

on Club display thoir

    

W

part in Sunday's protest march. They were
y State students who tool: port in the Civil flights

will examine the problems within its
specific area, thereby eliminating a
great deal of tile time consuming
work for the Provisional Council.

All of these committees have
been formed Oil the basis of the
structural arrangement that
emerged from the past two years of
government workshops. Each com-
mitiee will be dealing solely with
the revxsion of student government;
the lone exception will be Finance
committee whose primary concern
will be budgetary allocations fertile
1905-66 academic year.

Last Saturday an orientation
meeting for the Council was held in
tile New Campus Dining Hall. Dean
Neil Brown and Dr. Robert Morris
spoke at this meeting, the purpose
of which was to inform the Council
membership of what conclusions
had been drawn from previous gov-
ernment workshops.

Government Conference

Planned for the second half of
March vacation is a four-day con-
ference, at which time the Council
members will be able to devote full
time to the completion of their gov-
ernment revision workshop.

MYSKANIA, ill its first judicial
proceeding, last Thursday night, up-
held the legality of Provision Coun-
cil’s decision to have the results
of the recent school elections re-
leased to the Council. -

The decision stated:“Provisional
Council, having assumed all the
powers ofthe Senate of Student Asso-
ciation has complete authority over .
Election Commission which was
created by and responsible to the
Senate.

it continued, “that it is within the
power of Provisional Council to ob-
tain the immediate release of the
results of lilo March 1965 Student
Association elections."

The ballots have been turned over
to Provisional Council, but cannot
be made public until the Councils];-
proves such action.

   

 

  
   
 
 
  
 
 

 
   

  
   
  
 

   

  
  
   
    

 

   
  
 

   
   
 

  
  

 
  
 
  

  
  

 
  
      

 
   
   
 
    
       

       

      
 
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
 
    
    
   
  
  
     
   
    

 

       
        
      
       
         

