 

 

 

 

 

AN AFGHANISTAN NATIVE paddles his wares on the main
street of the capital. The street is one at two paved roads in
i the nation which Dr. Collins visited this summer. ~-

lsy Harry Nucltols

Last Slulday, Oct. 31, the sec-
ond duplicate tournament of the
semester was held. John Zobeland
Steve Kliman came out on top with
last time’s winners, Marty Ber-
gen and Al Tepperberg placing
second. This week’s hand is one
which helped the winners to the top.

 

h ' I ,‘ teredrthroughout the city of Kabul

lly Mdhh‘Cunnlii‘Igh-am
Dr. Abdul w. sarabi, Vice Pres-
nt" of the University of Kabul,

ghanistan, will be. an adminis-
tive-intern on this campus from

; approximately the middle of-No-

vember until .,the end of the se-

‘alest‘or. This internship. was ar-

aoged through the auspices of

' he:Arherican Association of Col-

gas for Teacher Education and

the U. S. state Department

v This association, which includes

more than 600 members who pre-

' pare more than 95%ofthe teachers

sets up for the setting trick.

Also, if a heart is lead at trick
two, South must guess the diamond
suit perfectly in order to bring
home his contract.

This writer was pleased that
the turn out for Sunday's game
was much better than last time.
The next tourney will be held on
November 14.

  

 

F iilTliling letter illige ‘|

in the country, is headed this year

V by Evan Ft. Collins, President of

SUNYA. Dean Randolph s. Gardner
and Dr. Edward Berg of the bio-
logy department ' also represent
this university in the Association.

     
 

 

 

' Interns ,

One of the functions of the
AACTE is the instruction of the
educational leaders of the emerg-
ing nations in American educa-
tional methods. The program is
administered by the Agency for
International Development (AID)
of the State Department. It brings
these future educational leaders to
American campuses similar in
problems, resources, and size to
their own, in order to help them
perform their administrative tasks

a city which is actually . sort
of amallvvills'gos rimming, 
in the Himalayas. Kabul U.
in the process ofoccupyin
constructed campus. They'ar also
facing internal problems-similar
to ours. They are in the process.
of combining schools, their ii ,
brary, and stores into one unified; r
cs’mpus unit. The University is;
similar in size to SUNYA, with '
5000 students, and it is expanding.
While . there, President Collins
was involved in the whole area of
Afghanistan's national policy to-
wards higher education. He worked
in the area of the government Uni-
versity and its reflection of gov-
ernment policy, open education,
and which and how many barriers
(for example, tuition) ought to be
put in the way of those who wish to
attend college.

 

   

 .. . . it _ .N‘x  ' «
CHAPEL HOUSE, now home of t y Community, provides the base of
operations tor many other functions. The Chapel embraces all Protestant religions and is
under the direction at Campus Christian Council.

 

Determination Necessary

President Collins noted that it
takes particular determination to
receive a college degree there,
primarily_ because the student must
learn several languages to receive
his education. The national lan-
guages of Afghanistan are Farsi .
and Pushtu which are spoken in the
areas northwest to southwest, and
northeast to southwest, respec-
tively.

 

"Also," Sue said, "in studying the history of the
country we will be working in, we gain an insight
to the habit and customs of the people.”

The Peace Corps orientation and the instruction
in the philosophy, strategy, and menace of com-
munism courses, said Sue, "served the salne pur-

Upon weaning ms primary edu- pose: to let the worker know what he or she will be

 

by Cynthia Goodman I

Just off the new campus property
line stands an old, stately _house

'that might once have been the‘resin

dance of one of Albany's Dutch or
English founders. Even today, it's
not difficult to imagine its early
owner sitting before the towering
stone fireplace: .

Every Sunday morning, however,
the lofty wooden beams ring with

nivo

at the foot on. hill o
Chapel is perched, the

path
moment does not begin until 80.

feetfr‘om the Campus road. . i »

Until' the path can be completed
the sloping dirt and stones make
the feat more difficult than. it

might at first appear. Some of the

congregation, puffing and red-
faced after the climb, cheerfully

threaten to come equipped with,

mountain-climbing shoes and tow-7

rope. _

the vibrant strains of traditional ‘

psalms and the building's sombre

. dignity is shatteredby ’y'outhful

laughter as University students
gather for services.

The New Proprietor
The new owner is the Capital
Area Council of Churches who
made the purchase for the use of

. ,its ministry. The only permanent

occupant of the house is the Rev-
erend Frank Snow, the University
chaplain and member of the Coun-
cil.
Chapel House, as the grey build-
ing has now been dubbed, is the
meeting place for an Inter-Pro-
testant and Anglican Church which
holds a general Protestant service
at 9:45 and a service according to
the Book of Common Prayer at
11:00.

The Chapel’s congregation, at-
mosphere and function combine to

   

 

The lamp-lined lane, however,
leads to a brightly-wooded wilder-
ness that seems far removed from
the sandy, turbid world of con-
struction lust under its nose. The
impression of picturesque wild-
ness persists as the heavy wooden
doors open into the spacious front
room. The house’s picturesque re-
minders of another time are part
of the unique character of the
chapel, but certainly not all.

While the service is unusual
from the standpoint of its col-
legiate emphasis, it is this real-
istic understanding of the Univer-
sity community that makes it so
accessible to students and faculty

lke.

The College at Preachers
It is not unusual to see Dr.
Thomson Littlefield at the Chapel
leaning over the plain, modernistic

Dr; Thomson Littieileld
....Aspects of Theology

 

    

  

 

Mr. David Heal

i better when they return. create a singular impression on _ _
“3:211: :ﬁﬁgdgﬂg'ﬁom’igﬁf  25 3 President Collins was sent by ﬁnial!“ 152,132,:  $21,385.: >_ facing in Asia; everything from the influx of com- the new students that come each :33;er ﬂea: giragiﬁcgsciel; ....”The Secular City"
nounced {veakness westts double D 10 6 the state department to Afghanis- emgbnssy or consular school run munism to the non-availability of cosmetics." week to bolster the membership leading the may“? m addmcn t:
was unwise seeing as how his C J 9 7 5 tan this past summer to familiar- by a muons] group (French Rub Physical training was also included on theagenda, of the Church of the University we clergwpmachérs Mr‘ snow Currently Mr. Heal and Mr, snow
partner was’ unable to open the ize himself with the problems of “an Amerlcm etc) in “’3 own with the most emphasis put on survival tactics. community. Although visible from and Father w‘mam Sma'n the are leading discussions on “The
d h the University of Kabul so that he ’ ’ 1' u h During her stay at N.l.U., Sue lived ill a co-ed the Western Avenue side of the ’ Secular City" 1, Harv C
hid lng. Still, South ad to play 5 '7 4 N S Q J l 9 8 could provide Dr Sahib, with the languﬂe- 09°“ °°mp e agrbelml‘y dorm. The native Thai instructors at the Univer- new dormitory complex its shelter Sta“ meludes {our funny mem' (Thursday night {poo ey pi".
very caremuy to make ms “(1' H J m H K 9 7 6 best possible opportunities for ob- enter the vulva-5m 0‘ a u ' u sity lived with the students. This, Sue remarked of trees has left its pr,esence un- bers' Room) ' ' pm" as
The opening lead was won in D K 7 5 4 3 w E D J rvation faculty meludes many foreignpm- “was advantageous because they allowed us to speak suspected by most students Others in the College Of Preacil- .
the dummy with the kind and the c K 10 6' 2 c A 8 4 59 - fessors who conduct their classes . on, Th , h r _ _ - D K “can Em and ML The Campus Chmtm Council
fdi d y a, whic eally helped us to pick up tile Nevertheless, 60 80 students are are r. e 1
E3535 lgaoaasswfjvgzgeﬁthefgé 5 Close Match in the” mum“ languages' ’ language." . each week make the jaunt around David Heal. Mr. Heal also lends WW“ 3150 Sponsors the Golden
queen and west won the king The s A 2 Albany and the University of Therefore, the Afghan must”!!! I g a , There were seventy—four students in the group. the tennis courts and trudge faith- his wit and wisdom to Campus E"! ‘5 the “0'15"”thle "MOB"
spade return was won with the ace H A Q 5 4 Kabul were matched, according master these languages. Our in- H ,z _ v When asked for a comment on her fellow trainees, fully up the winding path. Since the Christian Councu“D1810§U°S"b°- mud Student “gunman” “’m‘m
in the closed hand and the ten of D A Q 9 8 2 to President Collins, because of tern. Dr. Sarabi. in addition to his   ‘ - s i Sue was very enthusiastic. "it Was the greatest ex- state is building a retaining wall tween students and the preachers. gets 88 liaison with Church of the
Dealer: Mass Vulnerable, N_s the tremendous similarity which Afghan education, received his SUE KULICK (seated, third tram right) es- perlence;lhave never met seventy-four people with “WW” i V » , . . "Nanny C°mm“""y'Th"Ch‘p°l

diamonds provided a dummy entry.
The winning heart finesse in-
sured eight tricks for thedeclarer

two, West’s seven of diamonds

THE AUCTION

WEST EAST SOUTH WEST

Opening Lead: 7 of Spades

exists between them. Kabul con-
tains a large number of "Facul-

The University itself is scat-

Doctorate in Economics from the
University of Cologne.
President and Mrs. Collins, dur-

so much in common."

Pnhlly “my”! ﬂ" Pnple Sh. m” dim". “The best part of the program for me was lust

the Peace Corns training session.

3" Am Sta“ House' Corps training program at Northern Illinois Univer-

 

SENIORS

who had full senior photos taken or

who have not returned their spring

sity last summer, The N,1,u_ prngram is for only Sue will undergo six weeks of training before teach-
those students who have decided in workin Thailand. ins ing in Thailand. She will be teaching English to

it is open to anystudentwhollasfinished his junior the students of either a high school or training
year of college and plans to joiullie Corps upon grad- college there, receiving the same pay as a Thai
nation. According to Slle, this program is glvenpre- ieﬂCher.
vlous to graduation so tllal “um uncertainties a
student might have about the Corps or about working
in a foreign nation will be cleared up."

"Also, a student may discover that he isn’t out
out for the Corps." Tile trainees attended classes
from 8 am. to 10 pm. When asked the purpose of
such a rigorous Schedule, Sue replied that “it was
sort of an endurance test. The director wanted to ..
see whether we could take press”) c." U '
’ “But,” she added, “it really didn’t seem like

work to most of us. We got as min-ll from the work
as We put into it.”

Her courses included one in lllf‘ Thai language,
techniques of teaching English as n Iorelgnlanguage,
history of Southeast Asia, American studies and
world affairs, Peace Corps Orientation, instruction
in the philosophy, strategy, 11”“ menace 0‘ 00m-
munlsm, and physical training.

According to Sue, the history of Southeast Asia
and the American studies coursi‘s were both in-
cluded in the program [or the same purpose: to
make the students more knowledgeable of foreign

THE SUMMER agenda included physical

After completing her senior year at S.U.N.Y.A., 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   

THE ALTER-LECTERN is the
in the stately house. The table'
at the general Protestant servic

When You Care]

by Steve Walter

During tile past several weeks,

vclvemeui In Vietnam, and that it

‘1,’ .5; i

  
  

    

most modern piece at turnituro
s simplicity marks the keynote

m Chess

by Bob Merritt

It is a surprising fact that so

it is seldom realized tllat Black

is a majorstep in the plan of the
Council to relate its religious
activities to the life of the Univer-

. .. d t h a d . ties" similar to our schools and' b I .tt. ~ . talking to the other students." Sue was-also very

' l fourth‘imﬁf'hgifce ihzsig the :22: [Pslss  503:3“! colleges of arts and sciences,» ing their stay in Kabukwmcmaste‘l y Nancy Fe '5 impressed with her instructors. "They were all for any 95 a Who”-

‘ ' . l

a  ten of diamonds is led at trick Pass Pass . Pass busimsb’ etc’ through the month 0! July’ lived 1" Sue Killic, S.U.N.Y.A. senior, milk part in aPeace “5’ She com'nemed' Anomel‘ Step to further their

goals is the attempt of the Chapel
to camellia bond of appreciation
and mutual respect with other

I faiths.

Alter it's Oven...

After the services end, the spir-
ited conversations over coffee can
range from Naziism to T. S. Eliot.
The discussion, however, is always
sure to be flavored by the rich bari-
tones of Frank Snow and the stiﬂed
laughter of relaxed students.

Chapel House is, when all is
said, a place of friendship and a
place of understanding. Its walls
are only the outlines of an old
grey stl'ucture,--—but they have
the power to stretch to the fur-
therest corners that faith, idealise
and llltelligellt understanding can

rgacll.

Corner

P-KBS. Therefore, Black should
never restrict these pawns with
the knights.

i
.3 poucy am, government, as related to those of the training, where survival tactics were em- there have been a great deal of many chess players are skeptical French Dmase
i, United States. phasued. rather loud noises made about how 01 the Value or 518mm“! defenses. WHITE BLACK
  s  o  tile Americanpublicls overwhelm- Willie it is acknowleled Ulai While 1. pd“ P_K3

. I mgly h, favor of united states in- has the advantage oftlle flrstmove, 2' P494 p_Q4

 

Panel to Discuss Ambassador

is only an insignificant minority “85 “10 first opportunity to 0110088

#:1122223 "I _ l c . .
M.— emma J...” ,,m~mm,,

',-u-

 

at Bru

Mon. Nov. 8 or Tues. Nov. 9

[between 9A.N.& 5P.N.

room 4. .

 

Albany State University partl—
clpates at the local level lll pm—
moting international undcl'sinnd-
lllg and good will by sponsoring 2i
Student Ambassador to ll foreign
country in conjunction wllbtllciix-
pertinent lll Inturmlllunul Livmn
Program. Elli-ll suullllcr the Uni-
versity sends it student, usually
but not necessarily a Junior, to
live as a illclllbcr of a family lll
ii foreign country for two lilillllllb’.

Our Student Alllbnnsudor of the
past summer is Sue Nichols who
visited llirael. This past summer
approximately 2,000 students
Visited 44 different countries; all
were sponsored by civic groups
and educational institutions. ()lli'
Ambassadors' trips are financed
through fund-raising Ill'll’fib (Hbcll
lih' Pro-View '65) and dullutiollh‘.

Learn by Living
In following the pllllilsoplly lbui
“People learn in live together by
living together," tllil heart of

every Experiment program is the
home stay, an opportunity to live
as a member of afamlly lil another
culture. Our Ambassador iolus an
experiment group, typically nom-
pi‘lsed of ten mall and wmllnu ile-
lween the ages of sixteen and thir-
ty, under the guidance of a speci—
fically trained loader, WllU live
for a inoutil us a “son” or a
“daughter” of a family abroad.

Tile second month is spent tril-
veling about the cmmtry with host
family members as their guests,
or in special work or fluid study
projects.

Knowledge Transmitted

During tile school year following
the Ambassador's trip abroad, the
Ambassador speaks to many cam-
pus and community organizations
such its clubs, Greeks and Rotary.

Through lectures ﬂllil informal
discussions illustrated with color
slides, the Ambassador reveals
first hand, information nbout the

customs, traditions, habits and

ideas of the people of a foreign
nation.

Oil Wednesday, November 10,
at 8:30 [mm in Brubncller Private
Dining lloom, there will be upnllel
discussion sponsored by “if! Stu-
(lellt Alllbussudor Committee to
discuss the Student Ambassador
l’l'ugl'nill at Albany. Miss Sue Mur-
plly, Sue Nichols, and Maria Mull-
lncl, all past Experiments ill the
prcgi'um abroad, will be members
of the panel. Details of the Am-
bussndnl‘ l’rogl‘nm, qualifications
and criteria for selection, and up.
plicutlinl procedures will be dis-
cussed us well as Ulllfil‘ existing
opportunities for ll'llVBl abroad
through the Expoi‘llllnilt pi'ogruln.

A“ 5Ulillulil0l‘ﬂs and Juniors wllo
ill'fi lilioi'cntcii in this program or

who have ambitions in ll'anl
abroad are urged to attend.

who opposo our military position
there.

One of these reactions has mnn-
lfested itself in what lllke to call
"Operation Christmas Card."

Evidently one is supposed to
send as many curds as be can to
one of tile radio stations which
sponsor lilo operation. Tile station
will tllell solid them to United
Stator: soldiers lil Vletnnnl.

’l‘llls nctlilll strikes llle its being
so very typical of Americans -
perhaps we need a Christmas ru-
tiollnle for our warn. r

Then again, the Vietnam war
may be regarded as n twentieth
century L'i‘iiSﬂilt! ngulust tllollliidel
Aslatics. if this in tile case, than
the Christmas cards will act as a
kind of morals l'e-armaueni.

Perhaps if the war is still in
progress at Easter, a committee
will be organized to send crosses
to the soldiers. llut then, crosses
are currently out of fashion —__
burning ones anyway.

the line of play.

This can blossom into a signi-
ficant advantage, for not only can
Black cntcll ills opponent off guard,
but be ceases to be concerned with
unfamiliar gambits and traps.

The l"l‘0llcli Defense is one of
original defenses against both P-K
4 null P-Qli. Although it manifests
to be aconservativecautiousopon-
lug, when bundled skillfully it ex-
plodes lnin unexpected combina-
lions.

’I‘llls defense has the distinct
advantage of protecting the Kile
from diagonal attack, and simul-
taneously limiting the scope of
White’s King Bishop, However,
Black must not permit an alien
pawn chain to create a bind on ills
liiublllty.

Black's pawns hamper White's
King Bishop from natural devel-
oplnont,

8. N-QBS B-NSI

lilnck stops QN-Ke preventing
P-QBfl which solidifies White’s
pawn chain. Willie should remove
the pin with P-QRS.

4. P-Kﬁ? P-QBA
Willie's pawn center is dallluged
5. 0-2“ N- 2

Black entices ills opponent into
pawn snatching.
0. Q ii-Ni
Willie loses the initiative
'7. QXP le’
A devastating pin
it. P-Qlla Q-QR4
Willie falls to remove the ills-

llop. if 9.1’Xt’i than QXR

ll. lt-Ni l’XN

lo. qu Q-7
’i‘he liook falls and the Bishop
is pinned. There will be a brief
discussion of this game at the
Chest! club Sunday froul 7-0 ill
iirubacller private dining room.

 

 

 

