   
    
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
 
  

    
 
  
   
   
 
    
    
 
    

Jory; W . refer especially to practices
's as c mpusing girls and refusing they, job we".

Unfortunately. we are forced to_ack-‘ *

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

    
   
     
    
 

 

look and be compul

Motown;
“ A

a 'luntarypayment ceases to bowl-
to people in positions‘ of re-’

mandatory. -

We. the students will forgive
these individuals. We hope they did not
know what they were doing. If they did,
their actions are inexcusable. If they
were] merely igrwrant, we shall assume
that they have now seen the light.

We believe that this voluntary fee
like most of the other voluntary fees
provides activities worth the payment of
the‘fee. Our only objection is to the
aura given‘ these fees. They are vol-
untary and should be made to appear so.

lender ions

The ASP labors under the difficulty of
illogically tender toes on the feet of
virtually everyone ever mentioned or
alluded to in an editorial.

The most recent example is the in-
sistence by some members of the Su-
preme Court to be insulted by the edi-
torial which criticized'the fact that all
the applications were not rated by MYS-
KANlA.

Our criticism stated that the policy to
report recommendations only of those
to be appointed infers that all those not
recommended have. no qualifications.

We hope that a system will be estab-
lished that will provide the type of
gradated recommendations used by the
Citizens Union and the American Bar
Association. We also hope that people
will not seek to be insulted. Inevitably
such a person will find something to
offend him.

Salaries Necessary

For at least the sixth year in a row,
the issue of salaries for student leaders
has been debated in committee and will
be brought before the student legisla-
ture. '

Senate approved the' principle of sal-
aries for three years, and Provisional
Council continued the principle lastyear.
Yet every year a few diehards bring the

ESTABLISM

 

 
 
   

spectr - represent 3 the payment, as being ‘-

Albany Student Press

IV THE CLASS 0' WI.

to pump! out a: product consistently.

andi'a'sk only the satisfaction of doing

nowledge the fraility of average human
college student. Idealism and dedication
are not enough when the editor cannot

dictate his own’hours and cannot work ‘

only when it gives him pleasure and
satisfaction to do so.

Scrutiny lleeded

The fact that the student tax is now
known to be voluntary should cause the
Central Council to look carefully at all

V budgets submitted to it this year.

The evaluation of the groups'which
provide a product, service or event of
general interest will have to be basedon
the ability of the group to interest a
major section of the student body in the
product, service or event of the group.

We feel that most of the groups which
would be subject to such a scrutiiiy will
pass the test with flying colors.

We wonder if the Music Council canbe
defended. They have not been able to
obtain a large audience for anyone or
any group other than the “entertainers”
they insist they despise.

Perhaps the money given to Music
Council would go for groups of general
interest if the money were channeled
through the Special Events Board. At
least it would end the dichotomy be-
tween free classical programs on the
one hand, and popular programs for
which the student is charged.

lotions" commendable

The actions taken Tuesday night dur-
ing the power failure show the general
improvement in the running of the Uni-
versity.

We were pleasantly surprised at the
relative speed in which students were
removed from the elevators in Stuy-
vesant Tower.

Perhaps this emergency has pointed
out the need for an emergency electrical
supply for the new campus. It has shown
that a goodly supply of candles is handy.
Maybe a part of the dorm dues could be
used for this.

ED MAY "I6

 

 

Th Albn StdetPr i ‘. kl
n.3, mi. 3. finally rﬁi'ls'p°or'rig'é,maria???" 353i
p.m., Sunday throug Thursday nights. The ASP may be r

JOSEPH W. GALU - J

:uinshed by the student body at the Store UrIwersIt oi
oi Brubocher Hall of 750 State Street, as open from -l|
eached by dialing 434-401”.

055 PH 5. SILV ERMAN

Co~Editors«in-Chisl

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor

WILLIAM H. COLGAN
Executive Editor

MONICA M.

LARRY
Arts

PATRICIA E. SIPLO
suture Editor

Advertising Manager

EILEEN L. MANNING
Senior Editor

McGAUGHEY DIANA M. DOMKOWSKI

us noss Manager

GARY WOODS
Photography Editor

EPSTEIN
Editor

JUDV JAWITZ
Technical Supervisor

Assistant Sports Editor

 

Assistant Business Manager

Don Oppedisono

 

Ken“

'Michasi Furdy

Nancy Felts, Cynthlu Goodman, Lorraine Boron, Kirsten Hustsd,

Charlie Carson, Sue Chops, Margaret Dunlap. Malcolm Provost Richard Kass, Moth Cunnln ham,

Nancy Misdenbouer, Susan Steiner, Barbara BIsdgett, Robert

 

utty, Bob Wenger, Bill Shrii man,
Inda Bregmon, John Spross, Janet Hess, Steve Curti

 

f‘ ‘ ‘ Diane Somerville, Steve Waiter, Harr Nuclwis. Jim Begiey,

Douglas Rathgeb, Doug as Uphom, Bob Merritt
5"“ _ ,L , Waiter Post, Robert Stephenson, Tpo Moon Les
CartoonIst

John Folio

 

All communications must be addressed to the editors and should be signed. Communications should be limited to

300 words and are ,subiect to editing. The-Albany Studen
in its columns or cenununicationr as such expressions do

t Press assumes no responsibility for opinions expressed
not necessarily reflect its views.

f .ividaels‘rwlb‘ we wanna to devote-.-
the jorlty’ of their'time and energy

'  the year,‘ at the‘saorifioe'of.
anything ‘which happens to interfere,-

  

 
 
 
 

  
 

ti  Neg

name}. “"l'he Ipcressl File" is a stalemate! I

 
   
   
 
 

 

Ii tillsc
' Bimd’yiiciuresand theboxoffice strength
hatitlme‘c'alled the Bond formula. One of
' as being an off-shoot of the
all . a no secret agent called Harry Pal-
mer,,otherwise known as the poor man’s James Bond.
At" this time-it would be appropriate to talk more in
deiﬁil about this new spy hero and the film he stars
in, Hairy S'allzman’s "The lpcress Filg."

Although "The lpcress File” is alien referred to

’ thinking man’s “Goldfinger,” the description
bit misleading. You won't find any gadgetry in

   

    

   

The entire Northeast and port of Canada"

God! The NAACP has gone too for”

llntarorahle Prospects lorllemoeraey

for South Vietnamese People

by D. Gordon Uphnm

Many commentators on foreign
affairs seem to think that if the
people of South Vietnam were given
a chance to decide on their political
future by some type oi referendum
or plebiscite, this would somehow
cure the domestic problems ofViet-
ham and the tide of Communism
would flow back whence it came.

I disagree with opinions oi this
nature and i believe that the Admin-
istration would be the last to attempt
to implement such a policy. An
attempt to involve a large part of
the population oi South Vietnam
in an election would result in dis-
astrous consequences. ’

Too many people view the popu-
lace of South Vietnam as being
equatable with the politically sophis-
ticated citizens of the United States.
Too few people seem to realize that
the peasants oi South Vietnam are
almost entirely illiterate and have
no concept of democracy.

Geneva Agreements Ignored
The Geneva Agreement of 1954
scheduled free elections for South
Vietnam. The United States did not
sign this agreement but agreed to
adhere to its conditions. When the
elections were postponed in 1956
by the Saigon government, the United
States fully supported the postpone-
ment.

Diem realized that an election at
this time would probably have led
to his defeat. The peasants had had
their land taken away from them
by the "reforms" which he had
instituted. The "reforms" returned
the lands to the elite class which
had held them before Ho Chi Minh
occupied South Vietnam to defeat
the French.

The Saigon regime had been re-
sorting io oppressive methods to
control the peasants. Taxes to sup-

On 'Going Steady’

To the Editor:

in Barry Lee Coyne's cogent as-
sault on "going steady," he has ex-
pressed at very conventional view,
that isolation due to insecurity is
a sign of weakness.

‘llui Mr, Coyne uses a reductlc
argument, l.s. “going steady" is
caused only by insecurity and weak-
ness. ’l‘ruly, it must be very nice
to son such complex and very pri-
vate (individual) human behavior
patterns in sueh simplistic terms.

Bui this does not detract from
the possibility that Mr. Coyne may
be entirely right.

But our real complaint is that
we believe Barry's holler than thou
altitude allows a greater insecurity
than his “Untermenscb” of going
stendles. By the way Barry, did you
ever think... that the reason that
others lust aren't as strong as you
is that they Just aren't as good as
you.

Now we could be all wrong, Barry
... but we think not. After all, when
you're as great as we are, it's hard

COMMUNICA TIONS

port the corrupt officials of the
Saigon government were also bur-
dening the peasants. They had little
réason to maintain the government
in power.

Present Situation Worse

The situation today is one in
which a large portion of the popu-
lation of ScuihViatnam is opposed
to the Saigon regime. Even if it
were possible to hold free elections
in areas dominated by the Viet Cong,
the election or plebiscite would
most probably be detrimental to
the Saigon government, according
to most U. S. officials.

The Administration willobvicusly
not sponsor an election in which the
forces we are now fighting would
surely be elected to positions of
power. The Administration does not
believe that democratic lnstiiulons
do not work. They do believe that
under present conditions, the pop-
ulation of South Vietnam cannot
make an intelligent choice.

Until the time comes when the

‘ population of South Vietnam is able

to realistically participate in a de-
mocracy, a democratic regime sim-
ilar to that of the United States
cannot be made to function effec-
tively.

Alternative Solutions

Two alternatives present them-
selves io the South Vietnamese.
One is to be ruled by a. dictator
who is willing to satisfy the various
elements of society in order to
halt the chain of coups which have
plagued the country.

The other alternative is some
sort of oilgarchical government
which would combine the various
elements under a weak head of
state. Both alternatives are pos-
sible, but the former is the most
likely when one considers the re-
cent history of South Vietnam.

  

 

to be humble.
Robert Tamm
Ralph Belsler
David Hughes

Complains of Move

To the Editors:

As [sit here with fallen arches,
wind-blown hair, and freezing body,
the question carries to mind:

“Where oh where has the Finan-
cial Aids Office gone?" linvingjust
returned from the arduous hike (rea-
son ior the aforesaid ailments) to
the past, but not present home ofthe
Financial Aide Office at the Naval
Reserve Center, I wish to take this
opportunity to congratulate the ad-
ministration on their forethought,
planning and consideration of the
student body in their judicious de-
cision to move the said Financial
Aids Office from its former fairly
inconvenient location at the Naval
Reserve Center to its present com-
pletely inconvenient location at the
new Campus.

Rumor has it that the next pro-
Joctcd mova for the phantom Finan-
cial Milo Office will be to Camp
Dippikili.

Jo Lynn Wain

{with built-in machine guns or ejection seats, no
gas. There islnone of the preposterloustcngue-
ek nonsense, none of the bravado, none of the
sescapades - not even Shirley Eaton.

, Boots Bond

But “lpcress File" has an attraction all its own.
It ls‘a tighter-knit, better plotted film than “Gold-
finger," is considerably more intelligent, and as an
espionage film has all the ﬂashy Bond sagas beat by
miles.

The story concerns a minor British Civil Intelli-
gence agent, Harry Palmer who becomes involved in
a top-priority espionage caper concerning a missing
scientist, a scientist whose disappearance is at first
linked withmthe' brain drain.”

However, when it is learned that the scientist has
been abducted, Palmer is given the job of trying to
get him back. Arrangements are made with the ab-
ductors by British intelligence and a cash-for-sci-
enilst exchange is made. However, it is soon dis-
covered that the scientist can no longer remember
anything about his previous work — all memory of
scientific knowledge has left him.

Coupled with this strange happening, the discovery
of a mysterious piece of recording tape marked
“lpcress” sends Palmer deep into a whirling mael-
strom of intrigue and violence.

Slow Starting

“The lpcress File" admittedly is slow-starting.
Many filmgoers may be thoroughly bored by all the
early talk about Q.R-l Forms, L-lOl Forms, S-l
security and protecol, and they may yearn to see a
few steel-tipped bowlers go flying about. But though
the film lags at the start, it quickly picks up momen-
tum and races to a thrilling climax and a surprise
ending that Is sure to leave half the audience breath-
less.
Adapted from the Len Delghlon novel of the same

 

pace 'from the wild and wooly Bond sages. li is’sbout
time that somebody finally got aroundto showing what

' the life of asecret agent is really like — the day-in ‘
and day-out routine, the boredom, the unrewardlng,

legwork, the, bungled opportunities, the dead ends.

’ Unhorolc Spy 3 ,

Harry Palmer is a very unherolc spy. His life,’ -

strictly speaking, is unglamorcus and his heart is
not in his Work. Whenever he tries a little bravado,
he usually comes up empty-handed.

in one scene in the film-Palmer plays a hunch and
decides that the enemy is making their headquarters
in an abandoned warehouse. Issuing a command order
that he does not have priority sanction to give, he
secures four caricads of secret agents who break
into the warehouse and find nothing. When his boss,
Dalby, comes on to the scene, Palmer comments
wryly, “If they’d been in here i would have been a
hero," only to have Dalby answer with a sneer,
"But the weren't and you’re not."

One of the film's major assets is, Michael Cains,
who plays Palmer. Cains, last seen as an aristocrat-
officer in “Zulu,” makes a dazzling impression here
as the spy who would really rather cook or listen
to Mozart than run around getting shot at. The only
things he has in common with 007 are his love for
good food and beautiful women, and even then he’s not
the same, for he seems quite content with just one girl
at a time. ‘

Cains, even with glasses, has that animal magetlsm
that is likely to attract scores of women, Brylcream
or no Brylcream. He may very well do for eyeglasses
what the Beatles did for mop-top halrdos.

Supporting Players V

Supporting players are all very competent. Nigel
Green, who only last week sans moustache wasirack-
ing down Fu Manchu, is quite credible as Palmer's
department head. One of these days some producer
is bound to nab him to play Sherlock Holmes. Guy
Doleman and Gordon Jackson are good as agents and
Sue Lloyd is appropriately sexy as the sleuth who
falls for Palmer. Frank Gatliff also creates a men-
acing impression as Grantby.

Clover Photography

Photography in this film is clever and often ingen-
ious, Sidney J. Furie’s direction is usually briks, and
the background music is appropriately mysterious.

if you go to see “The lpcress File" expecting it. to
be a rip-roaring slice of Ian Fleming you will be
dreadfully disappointed. If you take it for what it is,
a well-written, fast-paced, good old-fashioned any
story, you may be pleasantly surprised.

“Kaufman Writes Memoirs, lan, Sylvia Express

Fictionaliled life of Teacher F0“ ""5": idiom

Harry Nuckois

 

by Bob Cutty

Bel Kaufman is, undoubtedly, un-.
der the impression that she can
suecessfully hoodwink the readers
of America into believing that her
recently published book, “Up The
Dawn Staircase,” is a novel rather
than, in actuality, a volume of fic-
tionalized memoirs.

This collection of tape-recorded
dialogue, letters, intro-office me-
mos, and English compositionals as
entirely and completely realistic as
is the bureaucratic jungle of the
New York City educational system
which it describes.

Plot is Simpio

The outline of Miss Kaufman’s
plot is deceptively bare of burden-
some, unwarranted details.

“Up The DownStaircase" ls rein-
inlscent of another great semi-
autobicgrapby which, too, dealt with
the daily trials and tribulations of
N.Y.C. high school teachers, “The
Blackboard Jungle," by Eva Hunter.

in her book Miss Kaufman calls
herself Sylvia Barrett, a newly ar-
rived teachcr at a typical (:in high
school, Calvin Coolidge illgii.

Our heroine has, thus, begun her
post without any idea of the type of
students that she, as any teacher
fresh out of college, will be asked
to educate, train and supervise.

She is immediately burdened un-
der a huge pile of forms to fill out,
papers to sign, directions to fol-
low and circulars to file. She fails
to take attendance, complete [I net‘-
ice of [)Hycllologlcal and medical
reports, and plan a seating chart.

Hot First Enemy
Siia falls to understand the di-
rections of bar chief enemy, Jnmcs
Mclllibo, Administrative Assistant
{Admiral ASS"). iia insists W
hat those students be sent to him
“who have failed to

report for
check-out

because they have loft

 

the building."

When Miss Kaufman states that
she cannot lock up certain materials
in the center drawer of her desk
because she is missing her center
drawer, Mciiabe replies that “no
purpose is served in blaming de-
fective equipment for failure to
comply with instructions.”

Mcliabe, with the help of all the
many other characters in the back,
fill the more than three hundred
pages of Miss Kaufman's book with
a humorous realism that simul-

taneously stimulates us to laughter
and lo a realization of the everyday
life of a dedicated teacher.

b

Fantastlh. From the openlngnotes
of “You Were On My Mind" to the
final strum of “Old Blue," these
two young people held the audience
at Page in their hands.

The sound was big when the need
for size was present. Ian would
play twelve-string and Sylvia ber
auto-harp. A bass guitar and ano-
ther six-string backed them up.

Just Song

When the song called for a softer
'touch, lan switched to his six-string
and Sylvia put away the auto-harp
and just sang. [neither case, the
technique seemed to be just right
some now,

The sciectirms ranged from newer
traditional numbers by Leadlmliy
and Richard Dyer-Bennettio “Irish-
Catmdlnu-iiluegrass" to seine of
their own writings. Material came
from themselves and from their
heritage in Canada.

The voices'.’ If one can call u
husky alto volce golden, that is what
Sylvia's voice is. She rild two solos
during the concert. One was “Ella
Speed," :1 Loarlbelly song, and the
other was her own "Losin' is An
Easy Gallic."

One of the most pleasant ilSllef’lh'
of the afternoon was the marked
luck at tnlk. 'i‘bei'c wci'cn few words
between songs, and a couple of
sharp-willed remarks - one nbout
“artistic freedom" with respect lo
the use of (be mikes, unil number
concerning the “surrct "Ill of
Cniuullnn romance".

The highlight of the altcrnu 'u'
this writer was anniigcuilodﬂu‘ur.
Morning iiain." It is the title song
from one of their albums, and it
concerns a man trying to get borne,
but “You can't hop :1 lat piano like
you can a freight train."

The folk liittnn may not be lllllsit'
in some people’s opinion, but it has
been around a lot longer than any
other form of music, and with n
pair like ion and Sylvia around. it

   
 
  
 
 

 
  
  
 
     
   
  

   
 
    
   
 

    
   
   

\ ’ ‘
THE COMPASS Improvisations! Theatre used their turned "in?
stunt theatre" technique in this scene from their presentation
in Page Hall on Wednesday night.

   

on, stage

by Diane Somerville v ,

Like so many other aspects of today's theatre, th
theory and concept of drama on the college‘and uni-
versity level- is undergoing reconsideration. The
present doctrine holds that the purpose of scholastic
theatre is not only to provide experience and a labor-
atory of sorts for participants, but also tobring qual-
ity drama to the community. It is a concept well ful-
filled by recent seasons of the State University Thea-
tre, and by “of Mice and Men” in. particular.

The theatre could hardly have had a more aus-
picious beginning for its fifty-first season of drama
than the Steinbeck classic which bowed November 3,
and continued through the sixth.

it can hardly be a matter for dispute that those
involved did their part, but neither can it be denied
that the audience failed in theirs. The titters, coughs,
and downright guffaws which at times echoed in Page
significantly damaged the dramatic effect. Perhaps
the saddest part of such behavior, aside from the
breakdown of the essential actor-audience mutual
stimulation, lies in its source: a misplaced sense of
sophistication.

In today's cant, it is decidedly uncool to allow
oneself to become emotionally involved in anything
serious, let alone a mere play. And when such emo-
tional involvement threatens modern man, he has
recourse to one solution: laughter, serving the double
purpose of destroying the atmosphere while reassuring
the viewer that things are all right after all. On this
level, however much the audience finds inappropriate
situations risible, to that measure have the actors
succeeded.

That the cast did succeed is undeniable; that the
audience's fear of involvement is nothing short of
unfortunate is equally beyond dispute.

 

WANTED
Photographers

Contact
S. Budd
S. Curti

in Bru Room 4

 

 

is likely to be around for sometime.

 

  

 
 
 
 
 
 
  

  
  
  
 

 

 

