A WEEKLY JOURNAL 
VoL. I No.1 
DEATH 	OF .DR. UEONARD ! A ·BLUE. 
1 
Was Prominent Educator and Authority on Pedagogy, ' Since 1912 Dean of State Coii~ge. 
l.t is our sad duty to report in ·this, uur ·first, issue the death o[ Dr. Leonard .A. Blue, since the dean of .State ·
·1912 College. Dr. Blue died at II o'clock on the morning of August 18th at his home 'in this ,city. He had .been ill, but a few .w·eeks, _apparently from a complete .breakdown .caused by too ,dose an .application .to his duties and study. .Dean l3ltte was ·regarded as .one uf the leading educators of the dny. ·He had received a 
-SEVEN NEW MEMBERS ·
ON 
FACULTY 

New Head of-Commercial 
Department. i\s is commonly the case Vhis 
new college year brings with it several neW' faces among the faculty. The unprecedented growth of the college during. the last year and the existence' of vacancies .made an ex­ceptional large number of ap­pointments necessary, there. being seven new members to get acquainotc'd with. I-Iard as it is for anyone starting ·in a new place to adapt himself to the new conditions an:\ en-. vironment, we are confident that State College spirit will · sonn make; all new faculty 
-thorough ·collegiate .training > members feel at :home here, 
and was looked .upon as an au­thority on pedagogy. He was an indefatigable worker, a zealous ;;tudcnt, a man of.pro­found learning and exceptional abili-ty; as a lecturer and ·in­slructor 'he was brilliant and scholarly. Fl:e was an ac•tivc 'leader in the Trinity M. E. churr.h and Sunday sd10ol and _president of the Trinity Bible 
class. 
Dean Blue was a native of 
the state of Iowa. l-Tc received 
his early college training at 
Cornell, from whi-ch institution 
he graduated as a Ph. B. in 
r81)2 and as Ph. j\<[. in !89.1· 
1\ftcr leaving Cornell he en­
terctlthe University of Chicago 
as graduate-student. Later he 
went to bhe University of 
r•ennsvlvania. where he was 
award~, cJ his Ph. D. in H)02. 
Dr. Hlne began his pcdago-­gical ca•·eer in the west as Pro­fcssor of Political and Social .Science in Iowa VVesleyan Uni­vcrsity. Later he was mark 
and like a full-lledgcd member: of our family. 1 
' Miss Mary li. Cobb New ! Librarian. . The grindt w.ill to~~~ rhs­
111 1
cover a new ace t lC rary. Miss Mary E. Cobb will l~e thc7 rla\1y to look a.ft~~-their
1
ne~c anc th~t o~ the 1>r~ry, anc anyone ookmg over ler experience ~nrl prc~aration can't donht her fitness or that. task. Miss Cobb graduated from Syracuse Uni,;crsity in· 1(r2 · whereupon she ;'·ltcre.d llc New York State ~•brary School tr> specialize in library work. g-raduating from that in­stitntion in TC)f4. She gained her practical experience 011 the staff of the New York State T.ihrary T9T,l·T.S. an:! in the Rrooklyn Puhlic Library T9T.~-Tfi. she having had ·char!!e in the last named place of the 
~'hilrlren's r!e.p~rtment, inci~1CI­~ng home vrsJt.rng anrl. worklllg· 
.a Fellow in Poli.tical Sc.ie_ncc.l'n cn-operatron wrth the 
University of Pennsylvania; Professor in Morningside Col­lege, Simrx City, Jow'a: Pro-fe~sor in Goucher College; fc11ow hy comtesy.. Johns Hopkins University; Honof­ar:y Fc11ow, Clark. University. and since 19r2 Dean of our own State College for Teach­c1:s. 
At the time of 'his .death Dean Blue was 47 :years old. The funeral services took place 
Cmrtinued on Page 5 
teachers. _.. -­.Dr. .]. V. De Porte New In­structor of Mathematics. 
The Mathematics Depart­ment. too. has ·new hloml in its ranks. Dr. J. ·v. De Porte havin_g heen eng-ag-ed as in­structor. Dr. De Porte earner! 
191'4. art'd ·then Cornell, receiv-: 
:.~~-c:~:~;-~11 \lli~ ~~::.:·a~~ ~~~~g•.:?..._··~i ' 
as lns·tntctc.lr ol M,·tthematics, 
-~o that he comes ·here well qualilicd to fill .the position awa!·ded hi:ot. 
Professor George M. .York, New Head of ·.Commercial Department. . Professor -George ·M. 'York, 
.who is ·f:o have charge :of ·the Commercial Department, is a graduate of Co!g·ate University at which institution he
r997, 
c::rned .his A. :n. degree. Pre· vious to his course at ·colgate . ·he graduated frnm the"foledo 'Business'College.Toledo, Oliio, · and later took postgraduate work.at New York University. T-Ic ·has a rich an:! varier! bnsi­ness anrl teaching-experience, 'having·heen chid clerk for the' Toletlo .& Ohin Central Rail­way ·co., and a salesman for -two years. \~1-hcn Professor York.first took up teaching, he . ·fil1erl a positior. as hear! of the CommerciarDcpartment of the "Public .' Schools of "VVaterloo. N. Y. 'He remained ·t;herc for two years when he was called· tn ' Ithaca. where he acted in a similar capacity. After beiqg the heart nf his department in Ithaca for three years he ac­
cepted a position at .\:Vhit~ ·people enr611crl .from Massa­
his A. fl. r\eQTet' at the Univer-~ Dr. Reik ·rPcP.ivecl his earlv 
Cr.owded ..College. Means That 
S~i~:~~~pal~~~~d%?te~e. 
for Entrance ,in
F uture. 'fhe J)henomonal growth uf State .College has received no checJcthis ·year. ·On the con­trary, ,it seems .as if it has gained .added impetus. This year's .entering class has out­strippcrl.a11y of.former years in respect to numbers. Up to Monday morning 330 applica· lions for entrance had been re· ccived, .atd it 'is a safe guess that b1•·thc•,ime the cl\llegc' has been ·opened ani! classe:; arc well under way ·this number will have -bee11 far ·suq;assed. A remarkable feature, and or.e ·that comes as a good omen, is the presence of over 6o men among ·the candidates for entrance. The proportion o[ the men in the colleg-e has been g-rowing steadily with eve~y new class. From about ro to r in the girls' favor only a very few years ago, it has now reached-the 5 to 1 mark. There are now in .State College stu: rlentr.,from.evet·y COII!lty in the state ·and our nrtmber o[ stu­dents fror. : other states is :llso increasing as well as the nnm­ber of the states represented ·here. At present there itre 

Plains. N. Y.. W'herc ~lc hccame · the rlirector of the busines." course in the hig-h school. Prom vVhite Plains he . 
comes to State Colle!!r:. a welcome arldition to our 'faculty. · 
Dr. Arthur K. Beik ,to Assist 
Dr. 'Painter. 
Students will ·he interestc·J and glad to·hear ·that 'the !!en-; erallv crowrlerl condition of ~he 1·ariot1S psvch ·classes ·will he somewhat case'rl ·hv the an· pointment of Dr. Arthur K. Reik as J\ssistant Professor to Dr. ·Paititer. ·(·No more going to.class·earh" to avoic!-thc rush in this rlenartment anywa,'.) 
chnsetts, Vermont, Penn:o;yl­
vania, ' New 'Jersey. Maryland. 
Conne~ticut, and Michigan. 
While this ·ever increasing 
inAux of new sturlents is cvi­
dence of the good reputation 
our college is enjoying and a 
Aattering testimonial to its ex­
cellent-managcment and its effi­
cicnt faculty, and as such 
shotilcl he welcomed, yet it is rapidly bringing on a serious problem. w'hicli to cope with, the aut-horities have alrea·rty niadc plai1s. That is the ·problem · of accomooating a studentbody that is fast out­growing ·its present quarters. The trustees of ·the college arc hoping to iid~ more' land to the ·eol1eg-e ·grounds' and to enlarge, 

sitv ,,f Oklahoma in r912. TTe trainin!! at ·Grinnell ·Acaclemv.. ·in that \Vay, building facilities. ·came cast for his post!Tradnate Towa. !"raduating-from that 'In thc ·meai1time. however, ·Dr. 1\'ork. entcritw first Princeton, school in TC)04. and enterinl! Bruhac·her h, introclucing, in an where he receive:! his A. M. in Contilltted on Page 5 Conti!lfted on Page 5 
STATE COLLE(jE·NEWS, .OCTOBER 4~~ 1916 
. ' . . . ~ ­
STATE COLliEGE . NEWS ·A JW~ki/. Journal ' 
. Oct. 4, 1916 No. 1. 
J:itihlishc~l weekly, o.n \Ncdncsdays, duriug the college year ))y' ' the Committee ori . Publishing a College Weekly Newspaper, Uass of 1918, New York State College for Teachers, Albany, :-J. Y. 
Price, lj'ive cent~. t!le copy, .. The subscription rate is o-ne dolh1·;· and a half a year. Advertis­ing rates may· he hac! un application. 1\rticles. manuscripts, etc., . intender! for publicatiow must he in the News llux before Satur· days uf the week preceding pu!>!ication. The Committee on P ublishing· a College Weekly Newspaper, Class of 1<)18. ; Alfred E. De(lickc, Chairman 
i 
Alfred E. Dedickc i Henry Greenblatt Dorothy Austin ' Kalhrvn Cole Stanley Heason Clara .Holder ... 
. : : : Eloise Lansing Benjamin Cohen 
. . I, Lillian Hagilton Ray Townsend · l'I~Joscph Walker , Maud Rose 
-·==-=--==-=---==-:::.= ==== 
To the Faculty, Alumni, and $tudents of the New York State: College fdr Teachers. 
'J' hc Committee o n Publishi1jg a Weekly NcwRpaper re~pect·: 
fully su bmits to you this, the, r,rst issue of the State College/ 
News, opening thus, we believe. a new chapter in the hi s tory of > 
State College. To the many who ·have hcen entirely unaware of1 
the coming of this journal add to those whu do not clearly: 
understand its mission we directt11is message. i 
This great United States of ours was once a small nation.! 
With a steadily increasing population the boundaries of civiliza·/ 
Lion were gradually ext.ended, until at la ';t the Republic reached'j
fmm ocean to ocean. But the growth ·Of. the nation presented a 
possible ·danger, a danger that was threatening ·the very life o fi 
the country-the danger of a crumbling nationalism, the: 
danger of ·a growing sectionalism, the danger, therefore, of a; 
country divided, of a nation falling. apart.. 1 
Then, almost at the crisis, in the march of progress ·came' 
influenc es that revolutionized the "ll'hole political and economic,: 'status of the Republic. The rails of the railroads and· the· wires~ of the telegraph and telephone· were stretched across the fielrlS.: the hills. and t'he rivers of the land. from thc ·East to the West,: from · the North to the South. These ban<ls of· metal ·homHli 
together the extremes r,f the coimtry, one w·ith the other, making-< the heterogeneity, intr which the nation had grown; a solid unit; These rllodern agencies of communication hro.ught the million s of out country into direct touch with one anEJt·hcr -made the· \Vholc nation ·a single pol itical and industrial family. ; 
This great State College of ours· was OllCC · a small ·college.' With il . steadily increasing number. of stmlent.•. cotJrses ami: activities were gradually ext~nded, until t0-day the be>Undarics of; the student-life inclose stretches rea~hing from ·the Chemistry! Cluh to the Promethean Literary Societ-y. from the Athletic field to the 't\uditorittm, from :the Lihr~ry to the Gymnasium. from ·thc ·senior to the Freshman, ancl so on, from one extreme to the 'ot·hcr, touching upon score!i of inrlepcnrlcnt groups, each with a different interest and none visibly conn~ctcd with an other. The close ohscrver must discover now the prcsen·ce of that sa me threating-danger in 'our sturlent-life. which history shows to have nncc existed · in the United States·--a 'decit!erl fre ncl toward sectionalism · anrl away from centralization. · I:Ve have hv no means reached a crisis. hut there is a great riecd for some means hv which there can be broug'ht tri bear· upon our· student liorly : a similar iriflnerice to that which is ;,eim(cxcrtcrl unon 'the niltion i ll\' the railroads. th'e tele graph. an'cl the telephone. There has. arii!cn a ncerl for a means of hring-irig-' each cxt1·eme of nm' stmlc1lt life into direct touch with the other. of niakinti this hctero~reneitv into which we have grow1i a· solid itni( a · sin!!le collci!iatc family: \Vhat liette'r means t'h:in ancw·spaner. sncl1 as the .state Cblleg~ Ncw.s. fo achiev~ the rlesircd 'rcsi1lts? 
l1i it ~~ill be pictured with insistent rcgulnl'ity and in 'install· ' nic1it~ quiCkly following one another, the histo1·y uf each unit of ou1; college lfe. ln its columns you will feel the pulse beat of the student body. It will he as a 1ilinor standing at an angk•. into which a body pccl'ing will not see his own, but rather the 
inuwc o f another. , 
Tlrus do we launch thi s jo urnal on it~ course·, with cvc1'y con.. 
lidcnl'.c that it liii R a long felt w:lllt,· itnd that its policy: to m;t kc c:1ch faction o f our student organization know and apprtciate all othl'i'S, to uphold the maintenance of .fraternal regard and friendly rivalry among all. to wo rk for co·operatio~l between all ·sections aud for -t:l1c solidilication of the now separately wasted energies in the pro motion o f a real,· distinct, and cntlrusiastic ~piri t o f loyalty to State Collegt,, will in time do much toward placi ng the record of ou r· achievements outside o f the classnH•Ill 
o n a plane in keeping with our standing as America's !earling teachers college. . ( Sign ed) The Committee o r; the Class of 1<)18, on Publishing 
a 	Weekly Col.lege Newspaper. ;ALFlUlfJ -E. D r·: IJI Cim, Chairman. 
I 

Dr. )Blue. INc will not hen' attempt the praise o[ a man whose record of achic1•emcnt in the educatio nal world in general and in on r 
o wn State Co llege in particular is an everlasting testimonial lo the rare ability that was his. Rather will we try t o console the heavy los,; State ·College has sustained by his death with the kn owl edge ~hat Deau Hlue, to nsc his 'own words in hi s farewell message ·to the class of 1916, " i ccognized the high privileges ant! the great responsibilities and npJHJrtuni t ie~ o f his profession and entered np on them humbly :ujd cclllf'idently; that he .rendered loyal and efficient service in whatever position he fo und him se lf; that he contributed lllll': h to the richest treasures of humanity and csalted anew the name of teacher." 
For the bendit cif those wh (1 arc not fully familiar with the 
actual events so far comprising t-he history of the "News." we 
will give·a brief outline o[ the same. 
. O n Moving·Up·Day last spri.ng the Sophomore class, it hci•1g the class o f 1918, presented as its " stunt" an allego ry, t he object u i which · was to s how the ad~antages of the introducti,Jn in tu cu lle ge life of a weekly newspa'per. The idea happily concurred with a plan President Hrubacher had in mind ami as a res11lt U1e then President o f 1918 1hHcalled into Dr. Bruhachcr's . o fllcc and given authority to publish a college weekly. The idea }o be carPietl out was that 1')1 $ was to provide for a committee 
o n publi s hing t college weekly newspaper; that this committee was tn have charge o f l'he tirst issue anrl. of all succeeding issues. nntiL with due deliberation, it could appoint from the coll q;·e an efllcie nt board of editors,· reporters, etc., to take charge o f t he publication. In fo ll owing th cs~ instructions o ne impo,·tant pro-v.isi on was·made, that the ·boahi should be !TO constitute:!, that beginning the year o f l<J 17 to 1'918 the E di to r-in·Chief would be a Senior and that always, t hereafter, only a Senior could h nld that office. There are to be no elective .offices, each member of the hoarrl · being appointed ;by the committee. according to merit only. The merit system of appointment is to he used permanently. 
To make a long story short. the President of 1918 appointed 
1. committee with himself :ts chairmin and as a result of their labors the State College ·News is . here to-clay . The names of the members of the committee will he found at the head of the editorial columns. 
'Lest somcont get the impression that this is a class ·paper, he it "emphatically emphasized" t'ut this is not the case. It is hcing publisher! te mporarily by a class, but .it is a paper· reprc­~e1itative of the whole college. 
A worrl about finances. It is hardly necessary to state that ninnev is needed to rttn this paper. . The suhscriptirm price is $1.so ncr vcar . for which you will l'eccivc about .\4 issues. Lonk IIFinwh this one: itl'lg·c ii fnirlv and vou'\1 have tCl cnnc.crlc it's a fair hcl!i1ining-. Sec one o f our numerous suhscription agent;; no1v ; they'll be glad to furnish you a receipt. 
STATEiCOLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 4, 1916 Page Three 







NO CHANGE IN SCHED­HELP NAME THIS 
Regulations Cov~rlng Your 

ULE OF CHAPEL WEEKLY 
Business With Dean 

EXERCISES. Fill Olrt Coupon Printed 
Pierce's Office.

Dr. Harold W. Thompson of 
i<'irst Meeting Thursday, at 9 Below. 
Office hours for a\J ·studcntg

English Department Weds 
A.M., Should be Att~nded The Contmiltee o n l'ul,lish­
Miss Jean Alma Saunders. 
arc 'J.30 to 11.30 each m o rning, 

by All. ing a College 'vVeckly ·has
Bride the Daughter of Pro­
l~.xccpt Saturdays, and students 

Attendance at Friday Assem­cx perienccrl some diffiwlty in 
11 r e rcquc~ted to co nfine their

fessor Samuel J. Saunders, 
blies is Compulsory. naming the paper. We have
a Member of Hamilton 
btlsincR s with Mi~s Picr·ce to 

There wi ll be n o change in tho ug ht o f every n a me imag;in­
t hose hot11's, uulcss eritergcn­

College Faculty. 
the schedule of chapel exercis e ~ ahlc IJnt have not hccn ahl c to 
d es require ca lling upon her

The fo llow ing, taken from a 
this year. As heretofore they ag ree 011 any n ne so fa t·. It 
at other times. 

local daily, will be of interest 
will be held regularly the lirst was I h c rdorc ,, ugg-e s tcrl that 
In c11se o f illness, Satmdays

to all: 
four mornings uf each week at we g ive I h e ~tudent hotly and 
o r Sundays, or any other

"J' ro fessor Haro ld W. 
t he us ual ho ur, 9 1\ . M. The the fa cnlt y a share in this re­
special need. telephone Main

Thompson o f Albany, son o f 
attendance at tht~sc first four s po ns ibility . The suggestion 
3958 M. 

M rs. Katherill(: Thompson, 
tncetings of each week is no t was ar:cc ptcrl and :1s you sec
and Miss Jean A lm a Saunders, 
l'f/lwl to do in Ccrsc of Abse11ce. 

rcrJnired, hut lclt entirely t o has horn e frnil. This is not
daug hter of l.'rufe~sor Samuel 
Last year a 11111nhcr o f stu­

each student's o wn ·discretion. the committee's paper. [t is 
J . Saunders, were marric:tl 
dents seemed to experience

1-lowcver, you arc urged to o f anrl fr ·. th e collcr:c. o f and
Sq >t. 6th at Hamilton College 
some dirfit·.ult in intt~ rpreting

attend ;ts always there is a fo r the l;,c nlt) . ··f ;rnrl for the
chapel, Clinton, by Dr. M. 
t·he rules governing cases of 

chaucc that y o ur absence 
s tud ents. W hy 1he n sl a uld
W oulsey Stryker, .President of 
absence. In order to make 

m~ans y ou arc mbsing some 
the eommitt•:c dn tl! c naming?
Handl ton Co ll ege, and t'he Rev. 
them clear every student 

announcement you may want 
Th ere i., no rea~nn whv . it 
Geo rge L. MacCielland o f 
s hnn l:l slncl y them no w . Do 

~ hnttld. ­
to know abo u t. Yo ur presence
Jamestown. i\ 11 members o f 
no t· wait until th e actual need 

at the first exerc ises, lo he h eld 
Therefore, fanrl ty anrl st u ­
the b1·idal party were co llege 
arises. F o r this rert.~on we 

Thursday, Octol; er 3th, at 9 
dcllt s, we a . ..; k y11tJ tn assist us 
graduatt~s. The IJI'idc was 
arc publishing the rules below: 

i\. M., in the audito rium, is 
is tl 1is lal>or n f love. l.f yon
g o wn ed in white g eo rge tte 
1\11 absences arc clas;;crl 

es pecially Url!cd, fo r a t that 
have a l1appy idea, if yott c:1n
crepe anti duchess satin; em­
unde r three p;ronps.

time many very impo rtant 
s ug-gest. !"O llie orig inal name
loroidercd in pearl s, and carri e d 
Group T-Excusablc nbscnccs. 

annrJun cc rn c nt s wil l h e made, 
whic h to rluh this journal, cu t 
a sh o wer bouquet o f white 
r. F n r illness vo uc hr.d fnr by

1vhich you can no t al'fo1·d to 
nul the coupo n below, fill in
roses. 
a doctor's certifir~atc. 

miss. 'fhc attendance at the 
the hlank s pa ces and drop it in 
"'l'hc maid o f hono r was the 
2 . FrJr death o r ~crious ill­

meeti ng o n every Friday o f th e 
t he "News" box in !'Ir e lower
bridegroom's s ister, Miss 
ne;;s in student's immediate 

coll ege year is compulsory. 
ha ll. Th e coupo n w ill bring­
II clen Thompson o f Wcstficld. 
family, vou c hed fo r by a doc­

U n thc~e mo rnings th ere will 
you 11 u premirrm, we have no t 
tor's certifi cate.

!:i he wo re a g o wn o f blue and 
l>c special featmcs for the 
rcar.hc:l that stage as yet, hut
gold chiffon and carried sun· 
,1 . F o r s ul;stitutc leaching

ben e fi t o f th e stud en t b"dy, 
it wdl hrin g-yo u th e satisfac­
hurst roses. ) . S. l'lant, Ham­
when arr·a ngcrl and approved

larg-e ly in the nature o f ad­
tion o f knowin g that you ha ve 
ilto n ' 12 u f Phi ladelphia, was 
by lhc college.

dresses and lc c tnres IJy m cm· 
or rc e more rl o ne your little
best man. The ushers were 
C ro up TT-Hecogni%Cd rca­

hers or th<~ fa c ulty and other 
share fo r the g-ood o f the
Charles 1:. Tho .,rpso n, Hamil­
sons for cuts. 

promine n t men n n to pics o f 
coll ege.
to n ' 13, 1-Jarrbt>Ltrg, l:'a; Dr. 
l. Hailroacl , trolley IJr high­

CflllllllOII in terest. 
If you ca n no t think o f any
Gcnrgc Conwell , l:'rinceton 'os, 
way blockaded by s to rm or 

orig inal rwnr c. p e rhaps " State
t\lhany; Harold Cooper o f 
flo o d, o r interrupted service of 

INDUSTRIAL DEPART­
Cnll cgc Ne ws ," the tc1npnrary
t\lhany, and Stewart Saunders, 
train o r trolley o utbidc of 

MENT. 
11am c we have given nur s heet,
hroth~r of th e bri :lc, Hamilto n 
student's power to overcome. 

Important Meeting in Science 
s u its yo u. If so, o r if you
'17. Pete r Chase, a son of Pro­
2. Illness not serious enough

Building, Thursday After 
favor some other commo n 
fessor Chase o f Coll ege !·Jill , 
to need a do cto r. 

General Meeting in 
newspaper name ;ts Sun, Press,
was ring hearer. vVindsor 
:l· /\n approved athletic

Auditorium. 
r :a%ettc, Courie r. e tc., put it
l' hilli ps o f Westfield w·as at 
schedu le vo uc hed fo r hy ath­

!\II st udents taking lnrlnstrial 
dnwn, drop it in th e box, and
th e piano and Lawrence Dick 
le tic instructor. 

and Manual Training courses 
if you ca r e to, jnt down a few 
r•f U ti ca, tenor n f the First 
4· Rcprcscntatinn at State

and t hose taking; Domestic 
lines te llin g us w'hy. 
Presby t erian Church of 1\ 1­
· o r national conventions o f 

Science, D o m cs!'ic ;\ rts and 
1\ll suggestio ns will Le care­
hany, sang ' Du bi s t die Huh,' 
student activities when permis­

Home Economi cs courses will 
full y cnnsirl crc :l by the com­
hy Sc'llt1bcrt. 
sion to at.tcnrl has been granted

meet in Room ro r, o n t h e 
mittee which will act o n this
" 1\ h o ut two hundred g uests 
hy the Excuse Committee.

lowe r fl oor of the Science 
11111ttcr either w ith it s present
.tltendcd the wedding . The 
Gro up III-Absences not

nuilding-, o n Thursday morn­
number o r .vith the aid o f o ne
donhle ring ceremony was 
excusable.

ing-, October _st h, immediately 
or two fac ulty m emhers.
used. The chnrc h rrcsented 
r. Before o r after a vacation.

after the di smissa l nf the gen­
t\ ction will he taken o n Thms­
an attractive appearance with 
2 . To prepare work for an­

eral exercises fo r all students 
day, October 12t h. so that a ll 
its decorations o f hlu e ami g-old 
other teacher or class.

w hi ch is to he h eld in the auc!i ­
coupo ns must h e in befo re th<)t 
and g ro und pine. A reception 
.3· f or student activities of

Contbmed on Page 5 
day.
fo ll o w ed at th e h o me of the 
class, soro rity, fraternity, ath­

bride's father, College Hill. 
letic, or social. 

The bridal party was assisted 
Three tardinesses constitute 

in receiv in g by the bride­
a cut.

COMMITTEE ON PUBLISHING A COLLEGE 
groom's mofher, who wo r e 
A cut before or after a vaca­

WEEKLY.
wistaria satin and black net. 
tion or holiday counts the full 

Mr. and Mrs. Sannrlcrs left for 
number o f allowed cuts in any

I hereby suggest as a name for the new college weekly 
an extended wedding trip ancl 
subject. · 

paper
when they return will reside at 
Students who ·have overcut 

s6o Myrtle Avenue. They will 
" State College 
at the time of the examination 

lw at home after November r. 
wi ll he exclurled From the ex­

Signed... .. ...... .. ... ...... ..... . . 
"Prnfessor Thompson was 
amination. 

Con.tiHucd on Pngc 5 

Coutinucd on Page 4 





P,aieJFour · 
PROM·ETHEAN .LITER­
ARY ·soCIETY. 
Offers Splendid Opportunities 
to .Ali Students. 
The: opening · of the college 
year finds us all inte:ested and 
brimful of ·enthusiasm; doesn't 
it? And .so while you're look 
ing about for so me · way in 
which to give vent to this pent-
up energy; Promethean ca lls 
to you . If you arc interested 
in literature and author·s, in 
mu sic, in :leba tes, in dramatics, 
or in plain " fun " .Pro methean 
will welcome you. The old 
members will have the ir first 
meeting Thursday evening, Oct. 
12th, and you would be begin­
ning the year in just the best 
way possible if you were to 
have so me o ne of the old mem­
bers present your name as a 
ca mlidate for rncrnberslrip at 
that frrst meeting. If you tlo 
that you won't miss any o f th e 
good times to whi ch Prome­
thean holds the key-and you 
can 't afford to miss a ny of 
lhcrn. Watch the bulletin 
hoard and th e c0 llegc news­
paper inr fur t her notices. 
And remember, those o f you 
who arc already Promethcans. 
there will be a meetin g Thurs­
Jay eveni ng, Octoi.J er 12th , 
unl ess you arc otherwise 
no tified . 
Order Regulation Sui~s. 
All men arc urged to get the 
regulation gymnasium suits 
consisting o f rcgulati cn gym­
nasirrm shirt, gymn asium 
tro rr scrs (grey with black 
stripe), ancJ white gym shoes. 
Yo u can or:lcr these things 
and any other athleti c goods 
yc,u may wi sh to acquire 
through Mr. S waim. 
Gymnasium Classes Will Be 
Organized Immediately. 
The men's gy mnasi um classes will he organized as soon as is possible. The class you will be long to depends on drcumstanccs, such as pos;ible con Ai cts with other co urses. vVatch the bulletin hoard for announcements concern ing 
class schedules. 
Physical Examinations. 
AH Freshmen girls arc asked to watch for . n~ticcs on the loc ker-key board (i n lower hall ncar locker roo ms) in· rider to learn when they arc scheduled for their physical examina­tions. A physical examination is required of every Freshman taking · gymnasium work and ever~ girls is urge d to keep her ;J pp o rntmcnt prompt!}'. 
STATE COLLEGE NEWS, OCTOBER 4, 1916 
Regulation Gynasium Suit, 
The rccjuircd gymnasium suit consists .of black bl oo mers, white middy ( no co lored co l-Iars) , black ti c, blac k stoc kings and white sneakers . Those who wish to order their bloom­
I crs through . 1Yiiss Gray arc 
asked to sec her as soon as poss ible as no o rders will be se nt in after O ct obe r 2oth. 
Cu llliuucd from Page 1 
Dr. Beik to Teach Dr. Blue's 
Former Courses. 
Education 6 to be Omitted. 
President Brubacher will teach 
Ed. zo, 2nd Semester. 
All o f Dr. Blue's former courses , exce pt E ducati on G, whic h treats of the develop­ment o f edu cation in the United States, will t his ye ar be g iven by l>r. I:Cik. This means tha t t he follo wing cr•mses ca n loe tak en up this year : 
Educatin n r. ITis tnry and 
Principles of l':dueatinn . 
l~cltr catinn 12. ~cminary in 
l•:ci ucat: iorr. 
l ~rlu catinn 10, whic h treats nf erlucati orral aclrnini s trati nn and whi ch is open to (; radrra te Stud ent s an:l qn:rlifl ecl Se niors. will Ire g iven by r•rcsident Hruha c!H•r during tlr ~ secon d semester. 
State College Graduate is New 
Chemistry Instructor. 
Chester Wood '14 to Assist in 
Prof. Bronson's Department. 

Ma ny of the npp er class rn cn . 
will be glad to welco me hack to State Co llege, ;'vir. Cheste r \Vood, a fo rmer student here. who ha s bee n engaged tu assis t in the Chemistry Department. ·l:cfore comin g r:o State Co ll ege Mr. Wood attended th e sc hools 
o f Waterford. N. Y . He grad­uate(! fr om Sta te Cni! C!gc in 1914, reccivin~ the ll. S. rl cgrcc, hrrt remained annther year, ea rning his Pel. M. in 1915. \Vhile in colkge Ire was a mem­ber of th e :Vf. A. !\ . and an act ive member uf the Chcrn­istry ·CluJ>. During the yea r ju st passed he wa:; cng-agc.:l in teachin g at the Lansing!Jm.~ 

H. 
S. 


New Instructor in H . E. 
Department. 
i\ 11 H. E. girls ,,,m no w ha ve another trachcr to he prn ud of. lVfiss Helen C. Lantr. has been chooscn as In structo r o f 1\pplied Arts. :'vfi ss Lantr., before ent ering Co luml,ia Teachers College, nf whi ch she is a fi)IO gradrr atc, g raduat ed from Storrt In s ti tut e. Mcnn­
, 
monic, Wis. She has had scv-1 tifty cents. \Ve mu st h<ive eral years' teaching exp erie nce these hal f-~lo ll ars pa id d ow n in Jlcrrnansv illc, M ich., and lrrsuo publrs h th e boo k. Don't Wansat1k cc, \N is., all oi wh ich rrrake the commi ttee hunt you will come her in goo d stead irr up ! Hnnt t hem np l '.!.'hey arc her present pos iti on. Mar~arct Shirtz ' 19 and E:litli Wa lla ce '17. The other mcn1­·-----hers o f the so ng boo k com mit-COLLEGE SONG BOOK. tee arc Kolin lf.agc r '17, Harry Long Hoped for Official I "''s,;cll ' t8, :111t1 Mar:ro n Put-
Rec. ord of College Songs Now in Press. La st year at this time there was hope t hat before marry month s we shuulcl !r ave a col­lege song hoo k all our own. That hope has taken the forrn r>f snh stanec s ince then and tir e hr11•k is nnw in press. Defo re long it will he ready for distri ­butio n. Then 1hink , ,f the col­lege si ngs we s hall !ra ve o n t ir e campu s and in th e gym! Now ryf l'n urse this so ng hook lik e all ot her worth while enter­prises !l eeds fi nan cia l supp ort. T he phn tire snhscTipt ion cdi­lnr.t\ arr· rnJI ()tvin[:· if' to have ynn pay fi fty eet;t s whe n you subsc ribe, and o n rccc ipt·s of the hook pay the remai nder·. 
DO YOUR DUTY 
Subscribe for the 


STATE COLLEGE NEWS 
Everybody's doing it 
Fallin Line 

$1.50 Per Year 
r~trrr ' r8 .. rnnsrc co rnmr ttee, ar.rcl .'·: tir e! M. ff nu.:k ' r7, trcas m er. 1he !}laces n f the for.rr 19 1r, c~>l111trr t tee II H' rnh crs wrll snorr he ll ll cd. 
Con tinued from Page 3 
The Excuse C'll llllllit:t:e c will rnnsider petitinns, in writing. fm excuses fo r ab se nces ca used l>y I he cn ncliti ons o utli ned in (;roup TT . prov ided a stnclcrr t has made no mi srrs e of a cnL i\ccnrnpa nying the petit ion must h e a en mpl ete list n f ;rll absences, their cl a tc·s a n:! c;ru scs . 
Excuses g ive n irr Group lT c;rr1 nnt he cnnsirl cre d if st II · dents l1 avc cut fn r rcasn n g· i ve 11 in r; rnrrp TT f . 

at his home and were attended by a large body of mourning friends, among whom were state ofAcials, clergymen, jJroriJiricrit educators and mem­bers of societies from Trinity 
M. E. church. The pall-bear· ers were .Professors C. F. l-Jalc, B. S. Bronson and David 1-l.utchison of the State College 'iaculty and Charles vV. Dur­ruws, J. Scc•tt Nichols, an:l J{obert IJ. 1-.lawcr of the Men's [icJiowshi·p Class of 'J'rinity 
M . .r~: . Church. 
The interment was made at Oskaloosa, Tow a. Dr. Dine's boyhood home. The college and its alumni join with his family and with his many friends in mourning his loss. 
Continrted from Page I 
Grinnell C"llege the same year. .ln rr;o8 he was given his 1·'11. 1:. degree after which he entered the School o f .l'cda­,t.:·ngy, New York City. where in I')Of) he was gil'en the degree of Pd. ivf. Later he went to Clark Uni;·ersity to work fnr a l'h. I l., carnirn: the same in J()l.). Fmm JD0 ')-1 J Dr. Deik was the principal nf the sch n.Jis 
o f Aurelia. Iowa, and rlrr!·ing­his conrse at Clark Uni1•cr~ity an assistant inst ructnr of Pecht­gngy. His stay at Clark was followed in If)T4-I5 by an assistant professorship of ['sychology anrl Perlagngy at Olivet College, Michigan, from where he .,,-·cnt to the Centra!' Stale Normal Sell no I. Mt. Pleasant, Michigan, J,cforc c"ming to us. 
Cnntimu!d from Pa[Je I 
experimental way, a sturly nf each canrlirlatc's scholarship standing-with a view of barring those who arc least qualified from entrance. Tt will in all probability not be necessary to en fnrcc this method of limiting the nrrmhcr of students this fall. hnt next year with the limit rea~hed it. is sure to go into effect. 
NO SUCCESSOR TO DEAN 
BLUE HAS YET BEEN 
APPOINTED. 
No linal action on lilling the l'acancy caused hy Dean Lconarrl /\. Hluc's rlcath has yet hcen taken. Dr. Bnrbachcr will ncerl cnnsiclerablc time to canvass thoronghly the cancli­rlates for the position anrl in the meantime the clean's rlnties will he divicler! among-•.·arinns members of the faculty. 
STUDENTS FROM OTHER COLLEGES ENTER S. C. 
Come 	Here to Finish Their 
Courses. • 
The number of upper class· men from ot'hcr ccilleges who. entered State College this fall al so greatly exceeds that of former years. Another boost for State College! vVhcn any stnrlcnt. leaves !tis Alma Mater, his l·irst love as it were. and in preference chooses State College for the institutio n where he wishes to earn hi s degree, it generally is a fairly sure indication of what is th o ught by them of our college in comp<~rison with other in­stitutions o f learning. This year's contribution comprises students from the Colleg-e of 

SORORITIES. Five at State College, All in Flourishing. Condition. All newcomers among the girls will Lindoubtedly .be in·, 
terested fn a . brief statement about the sororities of the col­lege, altliough, if the male element of 1920 is up to 5; C. standard, this interest. -will by no means be monopolized by the weaker ( ?) half of that class. '.!.'here are now live sororities among the girls of State College and all of ·them are splendid organizations, thriving and prosperous, and doing rnuch to make college life more college-like. 'J'hey arc named below according to tlrcir age, the name of the present incumbent of t'he presi­dency o f each being given 
the City of New Y ork, Hunter opposite the re:;pectivc soror-College. the College of New Iity. (To avoid any possible 
Rochelle, Elmira College, Hamilton Cnllcge. Wellesley College, anrl Syracu.,e Univcr­sity. ' 
HOME ECONOMICS 
DEPARTMENT. 


Changes in Student Schedules. 
On account uf the uneven­ness in numbers in sections of ce rtain classes in the llonrc ~:conomic Department change~ k1vc been made in sttrdcnu;' schedules. Class lists <!re po sted on the bulletin boani in the Inrlnstrial Duil:ling·. J\11 Home Economic sturlent;; should carefully consult it. 1\ny further informntion you may 1vant can he ~ecnred from ~'!iss Garrison and Miss Steele. Room 16r. lower Aoor of Science Building. 
Practice Teaching Schedule on 
Bulletin Board. 

;\II Seniors in the Home Economics Department arc adviser! to consult the practice teaching-schedules that arc posted nrr the bulletin bnarrl in the Industrial Duilr.ling·. 
H. 	E. Department to Have Practice House. 
The department will !rave an innova·tion this vear in the shape of a Practfcc House in which all classes will he g-iven practical work. The Senior students will have special prac­tice in household management. 
mi>unrlcrstanding we wish tn reiterate rig·ht here. that the rmler is acwrrling to the age 
o f t:he sororities and lras abso­lutcly m.thing tn cln with the a;:·e of the fi l'e presidents. This caution is being-taken l>e,·anse the vnhrmc of business sn far has not l>een srrfficient to cn;d>lc the ~:rlitr•r tn take out a life insurance po licy.) 
Delta Omega. Marinn I. IJ!or.l.c:·ett. l'residcrrt. f\ta Phi. Helen Kelso, Presi­dent. Kappa Drlta, Marguerite Stewart. President. L'si Gamma. l~mrna Sommer­licltl. f'resirlent. ·Kappa Nrr, Margaret O'Con­nell. f'resident. 
You ha·ve thus hcen properly introduced, Jet us acquaint you also with the manner in which these above named sororities light for the privilege of mak­ing you one of the fold 'Ve warn all that this is lcgalizerl w:u·fare. governed hy a set of inter-sorority rules. whic'h :1re lrelrl very strict. and must he nbeycd carefully by all. The importance of these mles makes their publication at this time and in this opportune place almost a necessity. 
Inter-Sorority Rules. 

f. Each sorority shall have <>ne rush party within five weeks after t'he eligihle list has bren submitted. 
TT. No Freshman shall he entertainer! in a sorority ·house until the eligible list has been ~uhmitterl h_v the faculty. There shall he no mshing, rushing· is tn he delinerl as con­certed action of a sorority. such as sorority theatre­
· 
· 

· parties, ptcnrcs, or organized parties at t'he houses of. rttem· · bcrs, or· personally · ntsliirig · any Freshman until after the cligihle list has been submitted. 
III. 
a. Invitations shall be sent. out . aft~r the inid-year examinations, ·six weeks · after the date of issuance by the faculty of an eligible Jist. 

h. 
This eligihle list is to in­clude those Fres1unen who have received not more than one D in their semester's work, or marks below. 

c. 
Graduate students and entering Seniors shall he given bids at the end of the first ten weeks. 


d . All other entering stu­dents, except Seniors. shall be subject to the. same conditions for members·hip as Freshmen. 
Contimu!d from Page 3 
graduated from Hamilton Col­
lege in 1912 and received the 
rlcg-ree of DDctor of Philosophy 
at Harvard in lf)IS. He. is 
professor of English at the 
State College for Teachers. 
The bride was graduated from 
Wells College in 1915. The 
hriclegroom g-ave a bachelor 
dinner the nig-ht preceding the 
wedding." 

Dr. and Mrs. Thnmpsrl11 
have the heartiest good wishes 
of all with the hope that a long, 
happy, and useful life may l;e 
their Jot. 

Continued from Pa,qe 3 
torium. This meeting must be 
attended hy all as it is of great 
importance. General directions 
will he ·given by Professor 
Smith to the students and 
faculty of the Industrial 
Department. 

YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRIS­
TIAN ASSOCIATION. 

Something About the Organi­
zation. 
One of the livest organiza­
tions in the college is the 

Y. W. C. A. No one at all in­
terested in student activitieo 
can long be in college without 
coming under the spell of its 

· good influence. Tts memhers ;viii make it their duty to look you up, hut if you care to be associated with a real live-wire ~ociety make it your own to look up them. This fall as in former years the Y. W. C. A. ha3 published a little hanclhook which con­tains much valuable informa­tion and which every new-
Continued 011 Page 6 


~·;~:g~iic~·I{~x'Ain~ATIONij· _Coniimtetl from Pag~ 5 _ ! 
,. .JL-~ · 1l~OR· MEN. : -comer ought ' to make -.it her· lr :.,___ business ·to get, Mariy were · watch~ Bulletin :Board· for r ~ent out by m a il , hut .if yotLare ':Anitou,ttcement. . _ 1 ~~~~i~eof -~~~~se~::l.wN1!~~ n~tl~~~ 
_The attention of . a11 new ! men· is ca11ed to the fact that Houck '.17, .and one wi11 be
1 

all sophoniorcs and frcshrnen ; lrandcd to you. must undergo a thorough ! At the .first ' activitv of the physical • examination b_efore i year, a· weekly nrect:i~g, to he behrg allowed to take up held next Tuesday in the gymnasium· work This ap-• auuitorium, the purpose of the plies also tojtiniors who failed \ organizatio n. its work here in to get a passing mark last . co llege, and the meaning and , 
.semester. All men shorild obligations of membership will \~~tch .the bulletin board in be 'explained. Every girl in ' the locker room for .announce-the coll ege is most cordially · merits from Physical Director inviter!. 'Frcshmeil and other Swaim .concerning· the hours new students, this means you · 
· \vhen :he will be able to make too. the examinations. There is no 1 During the summer the i:ha rr-:e connected with this. Y. W. C. A. sent a delegation 
to the i\nnnal Eastern Field Student Conference held at Si lver Day, on beautiful Lake 
COLLEGE ORCHESTRA 
Ccorgc. There are eighteen 
E:irls in co llege to whom the J mere mention of Silver Day sug-g-ests ripplin~ waters, whis·­
PROMISING. 

Arnold Nolde is Getting To­
pcring trees, .<ports of all
gether a Good Organization. 
kinds, evening ;:;in,r.:·s with six l'rospects for an efficient and hun:lrccl and seventy-five g-irls' ,successful orchestra in the col-voices, and all sorts of whole­lege this year arc very bright. 
som e work and play. Those "Chief" Nolde '19, · who re­fortunate enough to enjoy o r ganized t h e o rchestra last these pleasures thi.; summer yc:ar .and -put jt 011 a 11 suun :l " were: Doroth y Gran in g·cr,footing, has .made great plans !'>a ura Smith, Mary E ll a nlue,inr the coming season and says Carolina Lipes, Lovis;, Vedder,it will not be Iri s fattlt if thCI' Mar;:;·uerite Stewart, Milclrerl don't come trttc. He is pla:;­nenl:ley. 1\ofarion Payne, Helen ing a regular cPncert-orc·hcstra Kelso, Eleanor Dunn, Marion nf fifteen or possibly more l:'ntnarn, Clara Slock, i\n na niernbers and has acquired a [farlow, Ruth Kimmev, !~ Ioise good selectio n or concert nttnr Lansi ng. !\Ita Sahl;r, N irra 
hers. It may he arran~cr' to 
J uhn s, ant! last. but l>y no 
' have the orchestra play riming means least, the president of chapel exercises in the audi­
tire Y. IV. C 1\., hlith Wallace. 
torium once o r twice a week. 
One irnp<>rtarrt arrd su<:ces.;­
i\-'Tost o f last year's members ftrl feature of tir e Y. \-\'. C. i\. 
arc hack; at least there i;; a 
ll'urk in tire ,-rdlr-g-e is a ltrn ch g-nod nuclett s · to start with. 
"' •trrrter, which is conducted
ncsides ·having-a concert or­J,v 1\,;suciation girls in the 
chestra there will he a second­l;;t o;c ment nf the Science Tltrild­ary orchestra made ttp of the ing. They furnish there good · crcan1 o £ the main org-aniza­whn lesnrne fond tn the coll ege
tion. The mi"inn of this 
JlCilpl e at prices within the smaller comhin;ttion will h : to lll>trncls o f reason. 
supply mnsic fnr · :lancin~·. Tts ft is the desire o( the Y. W.
g-oorl work last year makC'.s a C. i\. people to give every po.;­snccessfttl season a cert-ainly. 
s ihlc assistarll:e to the girls or the col leg-e. The fact that it was a Y. \V. girl ll'ho met you at tire statinn, nr that it was a 
LOCKER KEYS. 

Y. W. ,6rl wh•> helped ·you Lock~r keys · will be g·ivcn make nut vnur schc:lttlc or 
out Friday, October rith, irorn help ed ynu. r,nd a hoardin~· · 9:30 to 12 a. 111., anrl on Mon-ltntrse is :rhtrrrdant proof that 
day,' October rjth, from 9:30 to th e v arc succe<,Jin~·. 
· 12 a. 111., and from 2:,10 to .1 :;~o W:itch the Y. " '· C. A. bttl­

p. Ill. / \ deposit or twenty-live l<'!irr hoard in t:hc lnwcr hall cents is required fo·r each key. :tnd also the coltlmns of the Sec Miss Gra)', · physical clirec-C:tatc Coll cg·c News for notices tor for women. : nf further activities. 
HURRY · UP OR TAKE 'YOUR TIME 

We :Serve the Be.t Ice Cream in ~lbany 
.DONNELLY ,& .HANNA 
251 -CENTRAL AVENUE 
THIS .PACE RESERVED FOR 

ESSEX LUNOI-1 
CENTRAL. AVENUE 
l':rtr.,nize our advertisers! This is your paper. They arc lll:lpi11g· t1, suppt,rt il. 1\Tu concerted a cti1Jll tn ~el ads has so far be en trrrrlcrtakerr. \l'~c expect to have rnany 11101'1! in next vVednes­rlay's issue. 
~~~: 
R. F. CLAPP, JR. 
... School and ... 


College Supplies 
This Space Reserved 
for 

70 North Pearl St. 
Brauch; COR. STATE AND LARK.


CONKEY'S 
News Store 
CENTRAL AVE. 


·oawson's 

PRICE. SERVICE AND QUALITY PRINTERS 
'Prlnlm of Stale College {}{_ews 
HAMILTON PRINTING COMPANY 
240 HAMILTON STREET ALBANY, N. Y. 


