PAGE 5
POPGUNS IN AMERICAN LITERATURE
By Professor Harold W. Thompson

"A pepgun is a popgun," observod Emerson," though the ancient and
honorable of the world affirm it to be the crack of doom." What can a
mere professor in a summer-school say about his work which will sound
more august than the feeble report of a popgun that has been fired off
for the entertainment of four generations of college infants?

In those generations a good many popguns have been contributing
their mirth. During that war which we conspire to call Great, we teacher:
of American Literature declared that what we were teaching was citizenshf
in that way we increased our importance and enrollment if not our wisdom.
Since those popping times we htve announced that American Literature is
history, that it is Philosophy, Seeiology, Psychoanalysis; we have even
hinted that it is the New Education. There is lying,- I use the word
advisedly,- there is lying before me as I write a magazine devoted to
the adv;ncement of its editors and to research in American Literature;
in one page of a single article I find the holy words evaluate, mean-
in ful, and skills. (Why does the Skill family always run to twins? Let
the professors of education reply.) Gazing upon this proof that literat-
ure has become pedagogy, I here a sound more brave than that of popguns;
is it Gabriel or Bottom?

While I pause for an interpreter of these portents, I continue
to shoot off a few more salutes. For a long time I have suspected that
American Literature has something to do with Art,- or with the Arts.

In my classes I have tried to show the connections between American
painting, sculpture, architecture, music, drama, and — literature.
While the experiment would have been more successful if I had known
something about the three arts first mentioned, I have had a pleasant
adventure and I have kept the departments of Music and Art in that
agreeable state of astonishment always induced when somebody recognizes
their existence.

This summer, being tired of noise, I am trying to teach Amer-
ican Literature as literature; the experience is so novel that my
tongue cleaves to the roof of my mout . Next autumn we must get out

the popguns again.

f$uhﬂigl ‘ltj'77k0M704v7v/

.-I'
S 3

0

Editors note; This is the first of a series of articles by member
the State College Summer session faculty. If possible, one article by
a member of the faculty will be included in each issue of the SUITES—
TINES for the remainder of the session.

Professor Harold W. Thompson, Ph.B., A.M., Ph.D«, E.L.s., ?.S.A.
Scot., D.Litt., Phi Beta Kappa, Alpha Phi Gamma, is the author of
several books on literature and ecclesiastical music. He is a life
fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, and a member of the
Scottish History Society. He has studied at Hamilton C llege, Harvard,
anglthe University of Edinburgh. He is professor of English at state
m .080.

