'-

Pege 4
16 SUMMER SESSION COURSES ARE ADDED

Sixteen new courses 1nd one new deportment "re included in the
ontologue for the summer session this your. Four of the new courses
are in the commerce deprrtment. These include o course in elementcry
commerCe, methods in shorthind, end business English, principles nnd
problems in commercisl work in the port tine school.

Professor Adam A. Wclker, herd of the economics deportment of
st~ 0 College, will tench two new courses during the summer. Econ—
omic history of the United ﬁtctes end Sociel problems ﬁre the courses
thct will be offered.

Ihe tenching of “dolescents, the supervisory function of the
school principPlship, and prolems in testiig, hTVC been cdied to the
curriculum of the educction deportment. inesc courses were not
included in last year's cctclogue. len other courses will be offered
by this depirtment.

Two new courses hove been cdded to the English schedule. These
are, some modern novelists, and writing. Rccdings in Ameriern
Litereture before the civil war, which W“S offered lest summer, will
have its sequel this year. French, which is th; only other longucge
to be given hrs hid no chﬁnges in courses.

Constitutional law of the United btctes, corresponding to
Government 9 in the regular curriculum, hes been edded to the govern-
ment courses. ﬁducctlonnl statistics, “ course not given on the
reguler curriculum, is to be port of the m‘themitics schedule. it
includes an elementary trectnent of the unthcmctics methods which are
used in the prescntction and interpretction of educstional stctistics.

The physics depﬂrtnent will hcve two new courses, one in sound,
light, "nd electricity, and the other in nethods of tecching phySics.

The new department which hes been rdded to the summer curri-
culum is vocationil aducction. It includes courses in voodtioncl
end educrtionnl buidcnce, methods in councilling and plecemcnts,
symposium in prccticrl “rts, end vocctioncl educ‘tion.

FIRST DANC
(c

‘E Of SE“S:ON WILL BE PRIDAY
Otlt

1:)
iued fson pige l)

i
.ll

.4

v

for " gener‘l g'thering of the student body, " lcrge “ttendcnce is
expected. If the funct on prov; eu'cessfvl, other soci L events will
probebly be conducted during the session, There Will be no cdnission
ch“rged.

Dcncing will compose the entert"ineent for the night. Every—
body coming will be "shed to pin 7 e“rd on himself, telling th ncmu,
college, ﬁnd yetr. The purpose of this s to "dd informclity to the
occvsion, end to eliminite the need for r.gul"r introductions.

The chairman of the dcnce comm1ttee_is Clercbelle Shutts,
Stitc College, '51. Music willbe by the Uollegicns.

FIRST ISSUE OF S MHEHTIHEC APPEARS
(continued fror pdgt l)

cppenring eeeh Fridey of the summer session.

All of the board members ire regulcr students nt The Stcte
College for Teachers. Alfred Lnsch, '31, is TSSOCl”tC ncn“ging
editor of the Stite College News, ind cssociitc editor of the Stdte
Lion. Frederick Crumb, '50, is editor of the Stctc Lion, and hes
been m“ncging editor ind business ncneger of the sumo publicvtion.
Mﬁrgcrcthe Schroeder, '31, the art editor of SOHMERTIMES, is "
member of the nrt depwrtment of the Stnte Lion. John Kennedy,

'39: W boa“ a WWW on 

