Board of Editors

Frederick Waite Crumb Alfred David Basch

ART EDITOR DESK EDITOR
Mbrgaret Schroeder John Kennedy

THE BABY GREETS YOU

Here's the first issue of the first volume of the State College
SUMMERTIMES. It seems rather a modest sheet, as yet, but it may
improve as it grows older. However, it is practically certain to
stay in its swaddling clothes of mimeograph style for this year at
least.

The editors and staff, while not ineXperienced in the conduct of
a newsPaper, are nevertheless novices in the organization of one, For
this reason we wish to beg your indulgence for any inadequacies
through which the paper may suffer. Our aim will be to cover the
news as completely as possible, especially the official announcements
from the director and faculty, and at the same time to supply a touch
of lightness which is so welcome in the hot weather.

Whether we shall be successful in this aim is yet to be seen. In
the meantime, SUMMERTIMES wishes to say hello to everybody, and to
wish all a pleasant summer at State.

LET‘S HAVE SOME FUN

One of the intentions of the SUMMERTIMES will be to add social
life to the rigorous schedule of classes to which Simmer session
students must adhere. Necessarily, these will have to be conducted
its weekeends. The first of these, a get-acquainted dance, will be
Friday night, Extreme informality of dress will not be frowned upon,
within limits. Refreshments will be sold, but no admission will be
charged. For the first social meeting of the session, we should like
to see a real crowd come out, and meet their neighbors.

Among the other events which the SUMMERTIMES intends to sponsor
are hikes to the country, daily noon-hour dancing, a farewell dance
lager in the session, and, if it prove practicable, an excursion

a er.

The SUMMERTIMES invites student or faculty comment on these
plans. It is the SUMMERTIMES' aim to present what is desired by the
giiitgr part of the student body, if the desire can possibly be ful—

e .

Meanwhile, approval of the general policy of the SUMMERTIMES as
regards entertainment can best be shown by attending the appnnaching
dance. There will be found the opportunity to meet your neighbor
while enjoying yourself. Let's see a real crowd}

CLASSES TOMORROW

All regular classes will be conducted tomorrow, according to an
announcement of the registrar. Since there were no classes Monday,
this will be necessary. There will be no Saturday classes after to-
morrow

