" PAGE 2
‘ BOARD or EDITOR

Alfred David Basch

MANAGING EDITOR Frederick Waite Crumb ART EDITOR

George P. Rice margarethe Schroeder

JUNIOR ASSOCIATE EDITOR DESK EDITOR

Alexander Schoor John Kennedy

FOR THESE, OUR MANY BLESSINGS -

The other dqy, in 0 methods class, a student who had never feced
a class before was called upon to teach. Nervous, as all of us were fe
the first time at least, he tried to explain his subject, and did this
fairly successfully. Then, he asked for a volunteer to illustrate his
point in a sentence.

In 8 methods class in regular sessions, his cell would have been
in vain. Either because of cmbarassment,or fear of making a mistake,
students in regular sejsions methods classes don't answer calls for
volunteers very generously. In this class, several kindly hands were
raised at once, to help him. This show of cooDCretion encouraged the

tyre, so that his confidence returned and he made quite e creditable
performance.

The people who Hunted to help him were all older people, exper-
ienced teachers. ?erhnps, hiving taught already, they could spprocr tr
the difficulties under which the novice was working, and could more
readily sympathize with him; gerhcps their experience had given thnn
the self confidence which banishcs fear. This, however, is not the
important consideration; what really matters is that they wanted to
be helpful, they wanted to ease in some degree the difficulty thu U»-
ginner has in transmitting ideas.

This spirit of cooperetion and helpfulness shown by the more
experienced disciples of the tenching profession toward their con—
paratively infnntile brothers and sisters has been evidenced in other
pleces and in other wsys than in the classroom. Especially in the
group houses has their influence been filt. Those underrrcdurtes who
are so fortunate us to be living with then during the summer hsvc
giined inspirrtion from the steady, conscientious attitude which tn»
older geople apply to their tasks, so different from the attitude of
the ordinrry collogi n, who would drop math for movies, reports for
resorts, or discussions for dates almost any night of the colle{0
ye r. Besides giving this intangible increcse in morale by their e1—
cnple, the older geople hrve very definitely and prectic lly hulpuﬁ
the youngsters over difficult parts in their assignments. This Lil;
Wes clwrys given willingly end chjurful y, but nus never fOFQuC on
an unwilling recipient.

For the blessing of having th, oggortunity of mingling with the
teachers of experience, end rg';ing some of th, b nefits of ‘hcir
ye rs of Work, undergr duetes, Live thinksu FJT tn, blessing of
hrvina e Psily example of dignifi d sedateness, undergrﬁduetcs, KiVn
thanks. Most of all for the blessing of hzvinm such kind oldu: broth~
ers tn? sisters to olp us out of puzzling earners in? blird rlleys
in our work, underarrduates, let us all raise a LightyAHClleluJLh:

0 OJ.

