 

     

PAGE 3

ONE IMPRESSION ~ FROM ED. I
By Professor Richmond H. Kirtland

My only contact with the summer session is by way of a course
theoretically described as the history of education. What its actual
description should be can only be known when the last bell has struck
on August 15th, for we think of history in three tenses, end we think
of method as controlled chiefly by the questions of students and by '
their own responses. We try to give them what they seem to need most.

A few traits in the summer cople stand out in this rocedure.
There is very little marking of ime among them. They wan to make
their days count. But since most of them are working teachers in the
state of New York, they are likely to estimate values after high school
or lower grade fashion. They like their essi%nments in definite, small
dOSOS. They are rather more eager for facts hen for principles, for
devices than for methods, for credits than for personal growth. It is
no doubt to be expected in the system under which they work that re—
spect for authority, or at least its docile acceptance, should be
pretty deeply ingrained. No matter how logical or important a new bit
of induction may be, their instant reaction springs to the syllabus
and regents examinations. In general, any method demanding extra time
in teaching is voted impractical, any conclusions contravening approved
texts and standard authorities are off the line of march in a busy
world. Over and over one hears them saying that they know how their
brepd is buttered. So while they are tolerant of new ideas, and even
ecger about them personally, one is fairly certain that the main
question in their minds is not how will this matter affect the minds
of my pupils, but how will it affect the retention of my job? Any dis-
taste for this condition is more than offset by the necessity for
earning a living under the system.

i should say, then, that added years and OXperience have mode the
summer school students, as e whole, rather more conservative then
college undergraduates are likely to be. Like incoming freshmen,
summer school people are about five sevenths fundamentalists, by test.
Which fret, of course, bears out the general th;sis of this document.

meridian”;

Editors' note: This is the second of a series of articles by members
of the State College Summer Session faculty. Next Week, an article by
Professor Earl B. South, on tests and mccsurcments, will be printed.

Professor Richmond H. Kirtland, A.B., A.M., is the author of
"Freshman Dilemnas", a SCTiLS of problems in thinking. He uses this
book in Education 9, an orientation course for freshmen. He has several
hobbies, including pointing, pottery work, photography, dahlin growing,
and coloring JHlCTCOHkHtS of photographs. it other times in his life,
his interests have included music and fishing. He has been superintendc
of schools at Boughton Flint end Menominee, Michigan. He was professor
0f English ht state College, and is now professor of education.

