 

   

* '- “'“‘ '= _ ' ~,PLGE z
‘ some or muons ‘ ‘ ~~   
, Alfred David Basch
MANAGING EDITOR Frederick Waite Crumb ART EDITOR
George P.‘Rice _ Margaretha Schroeder
JUNIOR ASSOCIATE EDITOR “ DESK EDITOR
Alexander Schoer' t ' John Kennedy

ren THESE, OUR MANY BLESSINGS -

The other dqy, in a methods class, a student who had never faced
a class before was called upon to teach. NerVOus, as all of us were fo
the first time at least, he tried to explain his subject, and did this
fairly successfully. Then, he asked for a volunteer to illustrate his

_ point in a sentence.

In a methods class in regular sessions, his cell would have been
in vein. Either because of embcressment,or fear of making a mistake,
students in regular sessions methods classes don't answer calls for
volunteers very generously. In this class, several kindly hands were
raised at once, to help him. This Show of cooperation encouraged the
tyre, so that his confidence returned and he made quite a creditable
performance,.

The people who Ulnted to help him were-ell older people, exper-
ienced teachers. Perhaps, hnving taught already, they could appreciate
the difficulties under which the novice was working, and could more
readily sympathize with him; perhaps their experience had giVen them
the self confidence which banishes fear. This, however, is not the
important consideration; what really matters is thzt they wanted to
be helpful, they wanted to ease in some degree the difficulty the be-
ginner hes in transmitting ideas.

This spirit of cooperation and helpfulness shown by the more
experienced disciples of the teaching profession toward their com~
perutively infnntile brothers and sisters has been evidenced in other
places and in other wcys then in the classroom. Especially in the
group houses has their influence been felt. These underp“:duates who
are so fortunate as to be living with then during the summer hcve
giined inspirhtion from the steady, conscientious attitude which the
older people apply to their tasks, so different from the attitude of
the ordiniry colloginn, who would drop math for movies, reports for
resorts, or discussions for dates almost any night of the college
year. Besides giving this intangible increcse in morale by their ex—
ample, the older people hrve veiy definitely LDC practie lly helped
the youngsters ever difficult parts in their assignments. This Lil}
was always given willingly and cheerfully, but was never forced on
an unwilling recipient.

For the blessing of having the opportunity of mingling with the
teachers of experience, and rerping some of th, benefits of their
years of work, undergr duetes, give thanks. For the blessing of
hrving e Frily example of dignified Sedeteness, underyriduetes, give
thanks. Most of ell, for the blessing of having such kind older broth—
ers rnd sisters to help us out of puzzling corners nnF blind alloys
in our work, undergraduates, let us all raise a mighty Hallelujah!

O V O

