PAGE 5
ARTICLE BY DR. SOUTH TO BE PUBLISHED

An article titled "the use of psychological tests in nurses training
institutions", written by Dr. Earl B. South, professor of education and
psychology in State College, and Mrs. Genevieve Y. Clerk, instructor'et
the Albeny General HOSpitel and at the St. Peters Heepital of Albany,
has recently been accepted for publication by the American Journal of
Nursing. Mrs. Clark is a graduate student at State College.

Dr. South recently concluded a series of'tests at the Albany Genercl
Hospital and the St. Peters Hospital, assisted by his class in tests
and measurements. he results of these tests were used in determining
entaneo qualifications of student nurses, and intelligence of nurses
already in trsining' I .

Among the other institutions which were tested by the class in tests
and nefsurements under the supervision of Dr. South were: the Congers
Public Schools, Unedilla Public Schools, St. Agnes School for Girls,
Albrny Public Schools, Milne High School, Roesselville Public Schools,
Colonic District 2, rnd the Albany Orphan Asylum.

Dr. South administered a test Tednesday, July 31, to about 150 grad-
uate students who are candidates for the masters degree. This test wrs
similar in ncture, according to Dr. South, to the test administered to
freshmen entering State College. The test measures gener 1 intelligence
and fitness for c tccching position. Results of the test have not yet
been tcbulated and so cannot be published.

Superintendents or principals wishing to avail themselves of Dr.
South's testing service are requested to apply to him in 100m 121 of
Milne Hell. Applications will be filledqin order of receipt.

 

C O O L O F F

Eyef‘b (3  rtt the

5mm Com: chm;ch

LUCILLE ALTOPEDA
208 Quail St.(Rico Bldg)

Dial 6—5787 1 RUF‘DWQ

PERhANENT WAVING Western & Like Ave.(0no Block west
Nestle Circulinc - ,lO l

TASTY SANDWICHES

Steam Oil - - - - ~ﬁ15 1
SALAD PLATTEITS

SHnHPOOING and WAVILG for
Long Hair — - - - -tl.75
Bobbed Heir — - - -:{t1.50 Only fresh, clean food 01"

choiCest quolity used. Quick

Courteous service, of course.

Licnicuring 50¢ Facial NFC—38080 1:11

 

 

 

 

 

