DlRECTdH :SKS COOPERATION ,

“Tho summer session students hcvo shown a slight tcndsncy towrrd
thoughtlessnoss, which intsrforos with porfoct “dministrnt10n“, Sfid
BTOfJSSOP Winfred C. Decker, diroctor of sumrcr session, yostcrd y.

iho condition or the building whon the school opened UPS good
occorﬂ1ng to Director Decker. The floors hnd all boon cleaned; the
furnitura .11 dusted ﬁnd crrrngodg vni pﬂpor roccptoolos had been
placed in hﬂlls Vithin the ranch of the students.

Howovcr, students have not used the buildings properly, ncoor—
ding to Director Dockor. Many r'tudonts using vncint rooms as study
halls hrvo disorrrngod rnd trksn orny tho choirs, dcloying the
opening of classus whon the choirs nro needed. Piper, also, as
bcon strewn throughout tho hclls.

Diroctor Dtckor nnd Dcrn UllliTM H. Mctzlor, whose offices have
windows op hing on tho front stops of Drrpnr doll, h"vc boon rnnoycd
and disturhod several times by tho loud convc notion of students using
the stops for W sociil nesting olcco. Thu dir ctor rcqucsts thit this
proctisc bc discontinucd, “s it intorupts tho idhinistictiVC cork.

Dircctor Decker ﬁlso Wislos tort th: borrowing oi Ch"lFS From
ClTSSFOOMJ, “n3 littering of th; floors with wcsto popcr bo discon—
tinuod, cs thsy both cro"to nuisonCJs.

3 NE” bUZLD=EGS nLhOST COMPLETED

(cont nuoC iwor p";: 1)

spring tcsmu Richirds hull no; opcnod l“t; 1‘st ssmcstor cnd is
bcing uscﬂ now by man; of tho profossors o“ tho rcgul r college, who
hfvo oificzs in Lhﬁt huill;ng. Lt w'll b; “vo'lrbl; for clrssroom
work ﬁt to; opening of rogulcr scisﬁons in prtmeCT.

Work on those huiliings, ozclusiv; of digging foundctjons, wrs
bcgun on August “U, lOLV, lho hujliings will thus have t kcn two
yours to complats. Completion of the buildings will odd almost
sixty roons to tho proSont Cup city of tho coll go.

The ngtjng "nu vontflction syrtoms of tho new buildings W111
he by tho :ost modern syst ms“ Lhc rooms re equijpoﬁ with rutOMDtic
temperaturc rﬂjustors" An wrro" is turned to the desired tompornturo
9nd tho roor is automctiC'!ly h ought to W;thin two degrees of it.

Th3 Vgnti"otion system, :nlt”l]Lﬂ by the PiorCo BlOICP Corpo~
ration, hosts ﬁnd purifiss tho '*r o for: bring ng it 10 the room s.
The air is pHSSuC through " cold 'ni thcn n ¥”PJ ch nbcr, whore it is
forCod through t scrlc; of sprsys. Artur haing Horusd “gwin, it
untors tho room.

Th; gymncsium h"s bron Complotoly :HUJP) d slncc closing of
rcgul r s ssions in Jun”. BlU“-hcPS “hich urn h; rollcd up out of
tho why, indium clubs, Winom, horsos, pwrrllcl bwrs, flying rings,
ropos, 1nd horizontal bTPS incluﬁo some of th3;quipm;nt which h“s been
inst“1lcdu

In; ro“t: hivJ upon :nst‘llod ~nd curtﬁins "n1 lights cowplotcd
on th st'g. of tho nir “uCitorLut an P“§o hrll. iho old “uditorium
will ho undo T 1 br”ry "ftcr tho floor: h'Vo bu n lcvclcd.

WON? J 5'
going on. ihough no definlto vniormction could be obt‘inod, this

6 on soﬁdinh the n37 c“mpu5 'nd 1 ying tho nov M‘lks now
will ytOu‘bly b3 complutod boforr tho b3ginn3n3 of rogulﬁr scssions.

