'50; has boon n reporter on a city nowspeporo

rage &-
116 SUMMER SESSION COURSES ARE ADDED

Sixteen new courses and one new depertment Pro included in the
ontologue for the summer session this year. Four of the new courses
ﬁre in the commerce department. These include d course in elementory
commerce, methods in shorthfnd, end business English, principles end
problems in commerciol work in the port time school.

Professor Adam A. Welker, herd of the economics depertment of
dtote College, will tench tvo new courses during the bummo . Econ—
omic history of the United btotes end Sociel problems "re the courses
th*t will be offered.

Ihe tccching of adolescents, the supervisory function of the
school princip'lship, and probl;ms in testing, hove been 6died to the
curriculum of the educwtion deportmeht. lhesc courses were not
included in last year's cctologue. len other courses will be offered
by this depcrtment.

Two new courses hove been ndded to the English schedule. lhese
are, some modern novelists, end writing. Reedings in AmeriCHn
uitcroturo before the civil “or, which Wes offered lost summer, will
have its sequel this year. french, Wthh is th; only other longu“ge
to be given hes hed no chﬁnges in courses.

Constitutionel low of the United btctes, corresponding to
Government 9 in the regular curriculum, hrs been eddod to the govern-
ment courses. ﬁducctionol stotistics, o course not given on the
regulir curriculum, is to be port of the m"thom~tlcs schedule. J~t
includes an elementary treotncnt of the m themrtics methods which ere
used in the prosentrtion and interprctwtion of educotionrl stotistics.

The physics dcportnent will hrve two new courses, one in sound,
light, -nd electricity, and the other in nethods of tccching phy51cs.

The new department which hes been Pddud to the summer curri—
culum is vocaticncl gducntion. It includes courses in vocctionol
nnd educctiOhhl buidhnce, methods in ceuncilling end piecements,

..

symposium in proctiC'l “rts, end voc’tion"l ctuc"ti0n.

FIRST DAN}E 0F ﬁEﬂSlCU VIIL BE FB:DAY
(continued tron pege l)

for “ gener‘l g'therﬁeg of the stidcnt body, " lergo cttcndcnc: is
expected. I? the funct on proxy gucccezfvl, oihzr 9001 l events will
prob"bly be conducted during tut s salon. Thor, Vill be no odnission
ch”rged.
D"ncing will compose the entertrinrent for the n ght. Every-
body coming will be "shed to pin 7 c'rd on himself, telling hir ncmt,
college, end ye r. The purporw of this Is to "dd informclity to the
occ"sion, “nd to eliminite the need for rcgul"r introductions.

The chcirmnn of the dﬁnce comm ttcc is Clcr"bellc Shutts,
State College, '31. Music willbo by the Uollegiehs.

FIRST ISSUE OF 3 JKBR‘IHEC APPEARS
(continued [row pogo l)

oppoering ouch Friddy of the summer session.

All of the board members are rcgulor students ct the Stoto
College for Teachers. Alfred Lcsch, '31, is associcte mcn"ging
editor of the Stﬁtc College News, ind cssocictc editor of the Stctv
Lion. Frederick Crumb, '30, is editor of the Stoto Lion, end has
been m“ncging editor ind business menegcr of the some public"iion.
Morgcretho Schroeder, '31, the art editor of SOUMEHTIMES, is c
member of the art deportMent of the St"te Lion. John Kennedy.

I

