PAGE 3

SHOULD TEACHERS SMOKE? CERTAINLY;
SAYS BOSTON TRANSCRIPT? IF OTHERS MAY
(From Boston Transcript)

"Applications for teachers in the town of Lynn will not be consid4
ered if it is known that the candidates smoke cigarettes. This; at
least; is the way matters stand at present; following a vote of the >
school committee. At an earlier meeting; the committee declined to a-
dopt a recommendation offered by the mayor that teachers who smoked
should be dismissed. It is an interesting situation; Apparently; teach;
ers who smoke; if they are already holding positions; may continue to
indulge in cigarettes; but no teacher who smokes will train the young
idea in Lynn if the school committee knows the awful truth.

"There arises the question of supply and demand. If the Lynn rule
were to be of wide application; would there be enough of the non4smok4
ing teachers to meet the demand? The habit of cigarette smoking among
young people may be highly deplorable. There are a good many people
who think that it is. But the indications are that it is wide spread.
How many of the students that are in attendance at the State Normal
Schools are cigarette smokers in their own homes? To forbid smoking on
the school premises is one thing. To try to prevent it elsewhere is
quite another.

. c .7 i; .1" ' .- .:ti.; H T-

"It may also be said of the action in Lynn that it puts a premium
on deception. The honest teacher; willing to admit a fondness for cig-
arettes; is barred. The unscrupulous gets the job and smokes when not
within the ange of vigilant eyes of Lynn schhol committeemen; or where
children may be turned into tattlers. There is; of course; new opportu-_
nity for the activities of Paul Pry of larger stature. And probably the
sale of cigarettes in the city of Lynn will not be diminished. It may
be added that this article is not a defence of cigarette smoking by
school-ma'ams. It merely suggests that with a multitude of young people
in the ranks of the smokers it is not the easiest task in the World to
put the school teachers in a class by themselves."

DEAN METZLER HOBBS TO START
COLLEGE TO TRAIN CHnRAOTER

According to a recent Ltory in the Albany Evening News; Dr. Williar
H. Metzler; dean of men of Stite College; expects that the Abraham Lin-
coln Feundatien, of which he is a jcﬁbOP; will have available by 1932
#60;OOO;OOO which is necessary so that preliminary steps toward the or-
ganization of a college to develop charicter rather than scholarship
can be taken. The student body of this cellege will be a carefully
selected group; culled from all parts of tie world. One student shall

be picked Iron each state of the univn and 63» remaining members of can!
entering elDes will be selected from Europe; Lain; and the United State!
regardless ci vane; creel; or color. in SLJC:eLr3 of students; characte;

will count first; abiliir second; and scholarship third; a reversal of
the usual order Theme stroents will be given a six year course instead
of the usual icur. Upen being graduited; tie students will have been
fitted to become world cisizens‘ and will return to their native count-
ries equipped to be dynamic forces for constructive world peace and
progress; according to Dr“ hetzler. The cohlege will aceemodate 1200
students; but will begin with an entering class of about 200.

