‘\

BOARD OF EDITORS PAGE 2
Alfred David Batch
ART EDITOR

Frederick waits Crumb
margarethe Schroeder
DESK EDITOR
John Kennedy

MANAGING EDITOR

George P. Rice

JUNIOR ASSOCIATE EDITOR
Alexander Schoor

START THE MOSS-GATHERING STONE ROLLING!

The summer session extra curricular ball will begin rolling to-
night when the first social event of the season; the "Get Acquainted"
dance: gives it a healthy push. It will be helped on its voyage to
gather some of the unprovcrbial mess of happiness by several other
events which have been arranged for the session student body through
the instance of the SUMMERTIMES since last week.

For the religiOusly inclined student; a series of vespers services
have been arranged to be conducted in the college. These will be un-
denominational: and it is the intention of those arranging for speakers
to have men of different denominations speak each week.

many students like to watch athletic contests. State College summer
session can now offer a team of which very few colleges could feel a;
shimed. For the people who would rather participate than watch: a ten:
nis tournament is new in the process of organization which would afford
quite interesting competition. If tennis is not your game; or if you
prefer a less strenuous form of athletics? attend one of the hikes. The
first of these will be next Saturday. '

The SUMMERTIMES believes it is serving as great a number of inter;.
sets as possible by sponsoring these forms of activities. However;
if we have committed any Crrors of omission or commission; wm shoulﬁ.
be glad to hear of it. Your criticism is invited.

.In the meantime; the first dance of the season will be conducted
tonight. is we dimly remember having said before; let's getAaeguaintedl

OLD EXPERIENCE FOR NEW

Besides the regular classroom benefits offered by attendance at
the summer session of State College: students have the unique Oppor—
tunity of attending a six week round-table conference. Every class;
every day; offers the possibility of trading experience. This possib-
ility is little realized; and so is not capitalized fully.

Teachers from all parts of the state; and even all parts of the ‘
world; are now here together. We have teachers from England and Pain-
ted Post; New York; New York City; and the Phillipinos. There are
teachers of English and physical education; teachers in parochial
schools; city grammar schools: and country high schools.

In a gathering of teachers as diversified as this; there must be
a wealth of experience and knowledge that would be helpful not only
to the tyres in education; but also to the most experienced educators.
All that is necessary to uncover this light of experience is to re-
move the bushel of silence.

In most of the courses offered; wide discussion by the students
taking the course, adequately seasoned with knowledge and mature roas-
oning‘ would be worth Iar more to the student than an hour of close
attention to the dronod opinions of the professor in charge. Summer
session should be viewed as a roun table conference; not a fact dis-
pensary.:3ummer session is an opportunity to trade your old experience
for somebody else s new. A D B

one

