I"

PAGE TWO

ART EDITOR

Margaretha Schroeder
DESK EDITOR
John Kennedy

BOAR 0F EDITORS
Alfre David Busch
MANAGING EDITOR Frederick Waite Crumb

George P. Rice
JUNIOR ASSOCIATE EDITOR

Alexander Schoor
WE HAVE WITH Us ALWAYS .'

We were both surprised and rcmorseful recently, while taking an ex—

Cmination in one of the summer session courses, to see what was unmis-
takably an attempt to exchange information and views in regard to an-
swering some of the questions. At the time, the exchange, rather one
sided at that was apparently successful.

We were further surprised to see that the intercourse was not between
flippant, blase, and accusedly unmoral undergraduate eollegians, but
was the work of apparently sincere, staid, and honest members of the
teaching profession. I

This is, of course, not an indictment of a most honorable and highly
esteemed group. Such a thing would be absurd, and worthy only of the
type of person, who, for instance, dcmns undergraduatesin. the manner;
we have mentioned because of the actions of some pseudo—collegien that
he has observed in the movies or on the street. Through the actions of
this individual, the ignorant sometimes condemn the entire class.

It would be interesting to hear these individuals express their opin—
ions of the undergraduate asca group - merely to test the old proverb,
"Birds of a feather shouldn't live in glass houses."

F.W.C.

THE DUTIES OF A PRINCIPAL

"A school principal is one who is paid to refrain from working too
hard, so that when everyone else about the place has gone fagged or 3;»
wild, his cool head will serve as a nucleus of sanity," writes Dr.
Daniel Wolford La Rue, professor of psychology in the Pennsylvania
State College for Teachers, in the June "Journal of the National
Education Association."

"The first duty of the principal", Dr. La Rue says,"is to give a
daily demonstration lesson in mental hygiene, to carry out Kipling's
"If", keeping his head when all about him are losing theirs and blam-
ing it on him, to remain a Kindly, big—souled, thoughtful, sincere,
fair-minded, progressive personality, whatever betide; to be a creative
artist without the temperamental mood and passion.

"A sympathetic principal is like a good coach. He can grade the train
ing, introduce variety, prevent stalcness and breakdown. No matter what
other drive is on, the drive for mental health is always on, leading
supervisory efforts for both the teacher and child."

Dr. La Rue, in his article, develops the following fiVe rules for
principals in fostering mental health in their administrrtion:

1. Be friendly and approachable.

2. Study, dOVClOp, and integrate your personnel.
5. Through pur ose, build morale.

4. Eoonouize th teacher's energy.

5. Use modern, democratic methods, as you want your IvﬂUhCTS to do.
We offer the abOVe advice by Dr. La Rue with no edixorial corment
save that most of what he says, as you have doubtless discovered, can

be used by the teacher as well as the cxecutiVe.
F.W.C.

