  
  
   
 
   
 
 
 

     
 

   
 
 

 
    
   
    
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
 
    
 
 

 
  

       
 
 

 

 

 

  
    
  
  
  
   
 

 

' Night.
' duetiaad.

5
g.
3

 and a half'ago the Inter.

notional Film Group presented a
xample of earlylngmar Berg-
'in‘ zillm titled "The Naked

otherwise known as “Saw-

Tinsel." '

The real beauty of this film is

not readily apparent. It is not a

pleasure, pays her, and sends her

\

sickened by clrc’us'llfe. She‘fears as
well that the owner may forsake her
for his wife and leave her alone in
the world. she pays avislt toayoung
actor tn the town, hoping that he will
be lured enough by her to take care
of her. But he merely has his hour's

  

  

away.

particularly. engrossing o'r note- ,

worthy ‘work, and is surely not a
masterpiece of cinema art.
.- , .

Evolving ArtIat
Yet the film is an important one
if for, no other reason than that it
allows uefa glimpse of Bergman as

r .an evolving film artist. It allows use

splendid opportunity to see that fluid
style, mastery of the camera and
ingenious power of creating mood
that have made Bergman one of the
most- highly lauded directors in the
history of film.

in "The Naked Night" Mr. Berg-
man explores the passions of a
travelling circus group, particularly
the relationship of the middle-aged
owner and his beautiful young eques-
trienne.

Fed—UP
The man, fed-up with circus life
and seeking the comforts a life in
town would give him, pays a visit to
his estranged wife, Whom he had
walked out on three years before.
She will not have him, and so he re-

Deiected and Suspicious

The owner, dejected and sus-
picious, questions her on her return
to the circus wagon and discovers
that she has been unfaithful to him.
Tormented and confused, he flails
out in anger and self-pity, spilling
out his woes to the pitiful figure of
the clown.

During a performance of the cir-
cus he discovers that the man who
seduced his young mistress is in
the crowd. A fight ensues, he is
badly bested and humiliated and for
a time ponders the possibility of
committing suicide. But, coming to
a realization of his lot, he decides
to continue on with the circus and
his young mistress.

Acting Quality

The acting in Bergman films is
said to be always of highest quality,
and this film is no exception to that
rule. Ake Gronberg, who reminds
one a good deal of Oliver Hardy,
excellent as the circus owner. He
has a tremendously expressive face

p.
In

Angry ,WIIoIen Book Anoiyres
New York Destroying Itself

by Dr. Ivan Steen

“A City Destroying Itself: An Angry View of New York." By Richard J.
Whalen. illustrations by Feliks Topolski. (New York: William Morrow

& Co., 1965. 127 pages. $3.50.)

The wrecker’s ball swings at Pennsylvania Station; a transit strike
paralyzes the city; a labor dispute interrupts newspaper publication; a
record budget is submitted; the sales tax rises again; the city’s credit
rating is downgraded. Events such as these call attention to the plight of
New York City. Books and articles dealing with New York’s many prob-
lems appear regularly. Richard J. Whalen, in “A City Destroying Itself:
An Angry View of New York," adds his voice to the outcry against some
facets of New York life which are making the Empire City a less desir-
able place'in which to live. Indeed, Whalen, a associate editor of “For-
tune” and author of "The Founding Father: The Story of Joseph P. Ken-
nedy," although a New Yorker by birth, chooses to live on Long island.

The things that make Whalen angry produce the same results in
others familiar with New YOrk. Crime, air pollution, traffic congestion,
pedestrian architecture, destruction of notable landmarks, slums, and
urban politics are among the aspects of New York that evoke his anger.
The various drawbacks of life in New York have produced a middle-class
move to the suburbs and are resulting in an abandonment of the city to
the rich and the poor. Whalen thus envisons the ultimate social and eco-
nomic destruction of New York. Yet few people really seem to care.

Certainly not the politicians, who

are more concerned with holding

power than using it in the public interest. Certainly not the businessmen,
who enjoy the economic advantages of the nationfs leading city but who
rarely take an active part in advancing its welfare. Certainly not the
middle class, who turn their backs on the city by fleeing to the suburbs.

Whalen points out several paradoxes on the New York scene. For
example, the city has a Department of Air Pollution Control, but it also
operates "a fleet of 4,200 poorly maintained buses,” which spew forth
filth into the air. The automobile is not only a major contributor to this
foul air, but also makes life exoeedingly uncomfortable for city dwellers
in many other ways. Yet municipal parking garages are proposed for
mid-town Manhattan which would lure even more automobiles into the
city. Not very long ago New York spent millions of dollars tearing down
elevated railways, but now the construction of an elevated highway
across Manhattan is proposed. Most new buildings in New York are de-
void of any architectural distinction; but why erect a handsome building
when tilts results in a higher real estate tax?

  
  

While few elements of beauty are added to New York, much of what it
already has is destroyed. Thus, the magnificent Pennsylvania Station
tumbles to the ground to be replaced by a new Madison Square Garden
which will be combined with a thirty-tln'ee-slory office building. While
Whalen laments the demise of this terminal, he dogmaticully states that
it could not "honestly he culled a great work of architecture." There
are many (this reviewer included) who would dispute ilmt statement.
Yet \Vhalen agrees that Penn Station provided an appropriate entry to
a great city. Future travelers, \Vhalen points out, “will enter through
what amounts to a subway station.”

The spoliotors even have cost thelreyesuponCentral Park. llunlmg-
ton Hartford has offered to pay for the construction of an outdoor res-
taurant on the southeast corner of that park. This is a case of :1 nice
idea being proposed for the worst possible location. Whnien is unhappy
about the propsect of ruining this corner of the park, and suggests the
southwest corner instead, which he claims “badly necdsa pavilion where
people might stroll or rest." llerc, \Vhalen misses the whole point. The
very essence of Frederick Law Olutsled's original plan for the park was
that this greenery in the midst of the city never would be encroached
upon. Even the construotion in the park of a seemingly worthwhile pro-
ject would create a precedent which could result in the ultimate destruc-

_ lieu of Olmsted‘s creation.

Clearly, Richard Whalen has brought into focus many of New York's
problems. Yet others have done so before him. Whalen presents no
original ideas and really offers no solutions. The book has several fine
sketches of scenes around New York, but these seem to have little rela-
tion to the text. Subtracting the number of pages taken up by the Hide.
trations, this emerges as I rather thin book.

i and
young equatrienne‘ is also

Harriett Anderson e”
sydow, has made a v y bi
for herself in Bergman
rightly so. Shaun look, 0 '

ment an innocent pretty-young‘thingi

    
  

and, the next a sultryt subtler
acting itself is so I , ﬂbtive
that; subtitles be‘com: .almo‘gvt un-
necessary. , f” '

,All the secondaryxp ‘f ers in the

 

cast also give excellent character
portrayals, especially'tbe actor who
plays the clown." . ' " "

 

r

Bergman II Star _ .z‘

If anyone is the star' of aﬁB’erg-
man movie, however, it is Berg-
man himself. Bergman is master-
ful at creating that drsk, gloomy
atmosphere. His use oflight, shadow
and what seems an infinite variety
of gray shades is extremely effec-
tive and his depiction of circus life
is absolutely realistic and convinc-

...
D
W

Although “The Naked Night" is
not Bergman's best, it is. good
enough to warrant a visit to another
Bergman film.

Euripides ‘Women’
ilispiays High finally

by Paul Nudelman

Monday night at Page Hail audi-
torium, the Circle-in-the-Square
production of Euripides’ "The Tro-
jan Women" was performed before
a full house. '

We have all been taught that
plays like this are not tragedy,
which is probably true. This is at
least a sad play with an unhappy
ending, a sort of sixth and seventh
acts of a Shakespearean tragedy.
Nevertheless, it is not deficient in
theatricality, if well done — just
weakly dramatic.

Some Brilliant Scenes

The present production used the
play as it should be, mostly. it was
shouted, hammered and gasped from
beginning to end. Some of these
scenes were brilliant, such as Cas-
sandra’s mad dance and Andre-
mache’s frantic lament when she
is informed of the judgment against
Astyanax.

Gretchen Kanne (Hecuba) and Ka-
ren Ludwig (Cassandra) were ex—
cellent throughout. Lynda Myles
(Andromache) beganabit unsteadlly,
but quickly rose to a good level of
performance.

Paul Servino was only adequate as
Talthyblus, as also Dalton Dear-
born as Menelaus, a small role. I
could not help thinking that Leslie
Eustace’s characterization of Helen
was drawn from John Erskine’s
“Private Life of Helen of Troy."

Good Solution

I find Euripides’ solution of the
child actor problem just right -
he has no lines. Michael Maitland
was quite satisfactory in the role.

The chorus part, although much
over-produced for my taste, was
performed with admirable preci-
sion. it seems a shame, though,
that more of the lines were not al-
lowed to speak for themselves, in-
stead of being tricked out with
rather silly music.

The play was directed by Theo-
o e Mann.

1

 
  
   
   
    
 
   
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 

  
   
     
   
  
     
  
   
    
    
   
   
    
      
     
   
      

REVUE PREPARING: Rehearsalsfare now taking place for the
upcoming State University Revue, "Gypsy," April 29 and 30.

‘ artﬁdiacits

March 2—27

'Kay Sage Tanguy Memorial Show, Albany Insti-
tute; opening March 2, 8:00—I0100 p.m.

March 6—Aprll 3 George Wexler One-Mon Show of paintings. AI-
bany Institute. Reception for artist, 4:00—6:00
p.m. .

Through March Two«Mon Show. Ann Bruno-paintings (oil); Rob-
ert Pearson-paintings (mixed media). Mechanics
Exchange Savings Bank.

April 16 Music Council presents the New York Brass Quin-
tet, Page Hall, 8:15 p.m.

April 20 Freedom Council Lecture—James Former, former
CORE director, Pu‘ge, 7:30 p.m.

April 25 Speaker for Center of Inter-American Studies,
Eduardo A'rclla-Farios, Page, 3:30—4:30 p.m.

AlbanyleugueSponsors
:l'rip to lincoln Center

In the past week there has beena great deal of news
concerning the Albany League of Arts.

The judges for the twentieth annual Musical Talent
Auditions, sponsored by the Albany League of Arts have
been chosen for the April 17 auditions. They are Mrs.
G. Howard Carragan, composer, 'of Troy, New York;
John M. Hodgins, Organist at St. Peter’s Church, Al—
bony, and former Examiner for the Royal Conserva-
tory of Music at the University of Toronto.

Other Judges

Also Clarence A. Hollister, Director of Music, Al-
bany Academy for Girls, Organist and Choirmaster at
Temple Beth Emeth and St. Paul’s Episcopal Church,
and Miss Virginia Wallace, Director of Music for the
Albany Board of Education.

The :.uditions, which are free, are open to young
musicc‘ talent in the area, under twenty-six years of
age. Registration blanks may be obtained by writing to
the Albany League of Arts at 125 Washington Avenue,
or by stopping at the information desk of the Albany
Institute of History and Art. Classical music for voice
or instrument is required.

Trip to Center

Also the League is planning a one-day trip to Lincoln
Center for :1 tour and :1 performance of the New York
City Ballet directed by George Balanchine. The day is
Sundny, April 24. The bus will leave at 10 a.m. sharp
from Stuyvesant Plaza, will nrrive at Lincoln Center at
12:30. Facilities for luncheon there include the Louis
Sherry Cole, but your ticket does not include luncheon.
A tour of Lincoln Center will start at 1:30, the New
York City Ballet performance at 2:30 p.m. The program
includes “Firebird,” “Lu Sonnanbula” and “Untitled”
danced to Brahms.

Dinner is on your own, and the bus will start back
from Lincoln Center at 7:30 p.m. returning to Stuyvos—
ant Plaza about 10 p.m. The fee forbus, tour of Lincoln
Center and tickets to the Bullet total $12 per person,
no meals included. '

l

       
  
   
   

  
   
    
   
    
    
   
   

ALBANY, new YORK

local- Professors
In leach-in today

The Albany Students for a Demo-
cratic Society and “suppression”
in cooperation with the Capital Dis-
trict Committee of the Concerned
will present “Vietnam Perspec-
tive," a teach-in today at 7:00 p.m.
in Channing Hall. __

Eleven faculty members of area
colleges will discuss the historical
background, the new China and Asia,
the political situation in contem-
porary Vietnam, economics of the
war, AdministrationVietnam policy.

Other topics of discussion will'
include a Christian View of the war,
methods of protest and peace action,
the war and civil liberties at home
and the legality of the war.

University Members

Members of the University’s fac-
ulty, who will take part in the
teach-in, are Harold Birckmayer,
Dr. Kendall Blrr, Mrs. Martha Egel-
ston, James Johnston, Dr. James
Mancuso, Dr. Thomas Standing, and
Dr. DeWitt Ellinwood.

Members of the audience will have
the opportunity to question every
speaker. Also there will be two
periods set aside for persons from
the audience to deliver five to ten
minute speeches from the lecturn.

Entertainment
Throughout the evening there will
be lnterlldes of entertainment by
regionally known singers.

Persuasiveness
To Be Subject
0f Symposium

The techniques that make political
speakers persuasive will be the topic
of a symposium sponsored by the
University's Speech and Dramatic
Art- today at 3:30 p.m. in Draper 340.

Three twentieth century political

speakers, known for their persua-

- slve powers will be analyzed by
specialists in rhetoric.

Dr. Bernard Brommel of Indiana
State University will discuss the
American Socialist of the 1920’s,
Eugene Debs; Dr. Richard \Vilkie,
a speech professor at the Univer-
sity, will analyze the talents of
Adolph Hitler as a speaker.

John F. Kennedy will be the third
topic of dlseussion. Vito Silvestrl
of Emerson College, Massachusetts
will speak on the late president.

 

TtIE CAVE: Square tables that

rickity tables In the Cave have angered

prompting several “tedecorate”

   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
    
   
  
 
 
   
 
    
  

  
 
    
    

AD PLAYS: Rehearsals have begun for the "Flattering Words,"
the first AD play of the Semester. Play will be performed Tues-

day and Wednesday.

University Students loin
Protest March on Capitol

Over 200 area students, including
a large representation from the Uni-
versity, supported fellow students
from New York City University, in
a march on the Capitol on Tuesday.

The demonstration, which was
followed by a rally on the Capitol
steps, was chiefly a protest against
the legislature's proposal tolmpose
tuition on the New York City public
universities.

The marchers heard sixteen key
speakers representing the legisla-
ture, education, labor and several
of the colleges which would be af-
fected by the move. Among them
were a spokesman forthe Assembly
and Howard Sameuls, candidate for
the gubernatorial nomination from
the Democratic Party.

Both strongly approved the issues
which the students were supporting.

Legislators Speak

Seven other legislators spoke to
the crowd, advocating the policy of
free tuition.

The protestors, numberingnearly
1000, were also addressed by Rubin
Mitchell of the AFL-CIO. ills speech
in favor of the students’ interests
drew much applause from his aud-



have replaced the old round and
V many “Covites” —
the walls.

  

ience.

J. Weitsman, president of New
York City College, appeared briefly
to express his appreciation for the
response given by the upstate stu-
dents. ’

The final speaker was Mark
Brody, past editor of the student
newspaper of the City College. Brody
commented that “the'State Univer-
sity is at a time of crisis. The de-
mands on higher education are not
being adequately met.”

Principle Goals

He later cited what he felt were
the two principle goals of the demon-
stration. The first demand was for
free tuition for all Slate University
students. Tile other was that the
system-wide adoption of a pre-bac-
calaureate program now being tried
on an experimental basis in a num-
ber of New York City schools.

This system provides an oppor-
tunity for high school graduates who
wish to attend college but are not
academically qualified

 

s:

/

  

1"IIIe Flattering Word”
The Clasa _of Dramatic Direction will present its
first play of the 1966, semester Tuesday and Wednes-

day, March 30 and 31, at

7:30 p.m. in Richardson

Studio Theatre. “The Flattering Word," written by

George Kelly and directed

by Chuck Heineman, de-

nounces the narrowmindedness of a minister and his
churches most avid followers.

Mr. mgley. a mom- iIonors Convocation
e

is firmly opposed
theatre and all those asso—
ciated with it. Thisopposi-
tion is, however, easily
broken by a mere “flat—
tering word.”
Renewed Interest
The play, written for an audience
of the early nineteen hundreds has
been given renewed interest for to-

. day’s audience through the direc-

tor's interpretation of character and
idea.

Mr. ngley is played by Bruce
Tiffany, and Barbara Simon por-
trays his wife Mary. Mrs. Zooker
is played by Diane Somervllle, and
Lena Zooker, her daughter, by Bar-
bara Smith. Peter Brooks plays the
part of the actor, Eugene Tish, who
issues the “flattering word."

“The Flattering Word,” is pro-
duced entirely by members of the
Dramatic Direction class. Technical
'work is done by other members of
' the classzJoyce Davis, Mary Temple
and Anne Digney. These students
will direct their own one-act plays
in May. Try-outs will be announced
at a future date.

The A.D. plays have long been an
integral part of the theatre activity
of the dramatic department at Al-
bany. For many students who are not
directly associated, however, the
term remains unfamiliar.

Directed by Students

The A.D. plays are one-act plays
produced and directed by students.
These students have the experience
and knowledge afforded them by
previous courses, and have, there-
fore, been admitted to the directing
course.

Any student, who is interested in
acting, may perform in these plays
and is welcome to audition. The
rehearsal schedule is limited to
the three week period immediately
preceding the production.

in lie Held in April,
Mil Prof to Speak

The Honors Convocation spon-
sored by Signum Laudis and the
University Committee on Awards
wm be held in Page liall, Sunday,
April.24 ' '

It will feature an address by Dr.
Jerold R. Zacharias, professor of
physics at Massachusetts institute
of Technology and chairman of the
Panel on Educational Research and
Development of the President'sScl-
ence Advisory Committee.

"The purpose of the Convoca-
tion,” stated Claudia Noble, acting
president of Slgnum Laudis, “is to
honor academic excellence. All stu-
dents and members of the faculty
are welcome to attend it."

Reserved Seats

She noted that all members of
academic honor societies and Dean’s
List students will receive reserved
seat invitations.

The Honors Convocation was ini-
tiated last year by Slgnum Laudis
and the University Committee on
Student Awards.

Awards of university-wide signi-
ficance and special awards by Sig-
num Laudis to the top ten sopho-
mores and freshmen were pre-
sented. Other awards made during
the year were listed in a souvenir
program.

Delivers First Address
President Evan R. Collins made

the first convocation address.
The Joint Committee on the lion-
ors Convocation consists of Miss

Noble, Holly Furman, Beverely'
Jones, William Mayer, Robert
Petersen, Nancy Simmons, Mrs.

Helen Horowitz, faculty secretary
of Slgnum Laudis, and Dr. Arthur
Collins, chairman.

‘Save the Cave! ’ Plead Cavites

As Square Tables

by Sara Klttslcy

A petition on the wall ofthc Draper
lunch room known as the Cave cries
out‘, “Save the Cave; Giveus back our
cruddy old tables." The protestlis
due to the recent removal of the
Cave’s traditional battered round
tables and the substitutionofsquare,
formica topped ones.

The cave is traditionally a center
of intellectual activity and a haven
for many of the writers on calnpus.
Its reputation is probably due in part
to the influence of Bob Judd, Bob
Korosaka, and others about six years
ago.

it was at this time that “suppres-
sion” was first published byagroup
of people who frequented the Cave.
Judd, along with Toni Master, was
influential in stirring up a lot of
intellectual controversy at the time.

The General Covite reaction to
this renovation was one of general
alarm that the tradition of the Cave
would be violated. Many Cavites ob-
jected to the stereotyping of the
Cave and felt that it would "an-
courage tourists,"

Harold Noakes, editor of the

"Thursday" stated, “i believe the
change from round to square tables
in the area designated as the Cave
is a less subtle attempt on the part
of the ‘squares’ themselves to co-
ment the more free thinking troglo-
dytes to their unthinking faith to
the Square and proletariat ethic.

J. Roger Lee, former editor of
"Banner" feels that this “antisep-
tic cleanliness is going to blow the
image of a lot of the people around
here the image was not that dis-
tasteful."

“As a matter of fact it was quite
favorable as the center of what

intellectual creativity there was." '

Douglas Uphnm of Central Coun-
cil feels that although thenew tables
may be an improvement over the
others, the fact that seating space
had been reduced by about slxtables
presents a drawback.

An Interview with Mr. Brewer,
head of the Faculty Student Asso-
ciation, concerning the reasons for
the change of tables produced a
surprising result.

Mr. Brewer explained that the
cafeteria management had decided
to clean up the Conference Room

Take Over

which is presently used by both
students and Milne seniors. The
plan was then extended to cover the
Milne Cafeteria also.

it was apparently without any
malicious intent that the men work-
ing on the cafeterias decided to put
the better of the old Milne School
tables in the Cave, thus replacing
the older ones in the Cave.

Mr. Brewer said, on Tuesday,
March 22, that "the cafeteria man-
agement would be glad to discuss
any deep loss resulting from this
change, and we will be glad to dis-
cuss a bettering of the situation."

A more violent reaction to the
situation took place on Wednesday,
March 23, when a group of Cavitcs
painted the Cave wall in protest.
Mr. Brewer visited the Cave later
in the day but declined to comment
on the situation.

CORRECTION

In the March 22 issue of the ASP
it was reported that Eleanor Dienor
was elected treasurer of MYSKAN-
lA. Deborah Friedman is the trees-
urer of MYSKANIA.

,VOLer, N0. 13 .

VA.D. (loss Toirltresent

 
 
   
  
    
   
    
     

     
   
  
    
    
   
  
   
    
    

      

   
  

t

        
    
 
 

  
    
 

 
 
 
 

V».

        
      
      
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
    
    
     

    

 

   
   
    
   
    
    
   
  

       
      
   
     

      
   
   
 

     

      
    
  

    
    
 

        
 
    
   
  
  
    
  

     

:1"

   
   
  
  
 

  

t‘¥<z..~ .. , . .

  

