 

  

sav:wL—mx.v.eﬂxxnﬂfmmwm 3n M::.:«~:J.A "

m- 2, ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

The following editorial appeared in the first issue of the State
College News on October 4, 1916. The editorial draws a comparison
between the growth of the United States and the college and shows
the need for a weekly newspaper. The purposes of the newspaper
are enumerated by the Committee for Publishing a Weekly College
Newspaper in the editorial.

NEWS‘ PURPOSE TOLD IN FIRST EDITORIAL

The committee on publishing a weekly newspaper respectfully submits to
you this, the ﬁrst‘issue of the STATE COLLEGE News',-opening thus, we be-
lieve, a new chapter in the history of State College. To the many who
have been entirely unaware of the coming of this journal and to those.\ylio
do not clearly understand-its missicm we direct this message.

This great United States of ours was once a small nation. With a
steadily increasing population the boundaries of civilization were gradually
extended, until at last the Republic reached from ocean to ocean. But the
growth of the nation presented a possible danger, a (larger that was
threatening the very life of the country—the danger of a crumbling iia-
tionalism, the danger of a growing sectionalism, the danger, therefore. of
i a country divided, of a nation falling apart.

Then, almost at the crisis, in the march of progress came influences that
revolutionized the whole political and economic slams of the Republic.
The rails of the railroads and the wires of the telegraph and telephone
were stretched across the ﬁelds, the hills, and the rivers of the Iaiid, from
. the East to the West, from the North to the South. These bands of metal

bound together the extremes of the Country, one with the other, making the
heterogeneity, into which the nation had grown, a solid unit. These mod—
ern agencies of communication brought the millions of our country into
direct touch with one‘anollier—made the whole nation a single political
and industrial family.

This great State College of ours was once a small College. With a
steadily increasing number of students, courses and activities were gradu-
ally cxtended, until today the boundaries of the. student~life inclosc
stretches reaching from the Chemistry club to the Promethean Literary
society, from the athletic field.to the auditorium, from the library to the
gymnasium, from the senior to the freshman and so on, from one extreme
to the other, touching upon scores of independent groups: each with a
different interest and none visibly connected with another. The close ob—
server must discover new the presence of that same threatening danger in
our student-life which history sliows'todiave once existed in the United
States—a decided trend toward scctionalisni and away from centralization.
We have by iin means reached a crisis, but there is a great need for some
means by which there can be brought to bear upon our student body a
similar inlliience to that which is being exerted upon the nation by th! rail-
roads, the telegraph, and the telephone. 'llierc has arisen a need for~a
means of bringing each extreme of our student life into direct touch with
the other, of making this heterogeneity into which we have grown a solid
unit, a single collegiate family, What better means than a newspaper,
such as the STATE (‘oi.i.i:oE Nizws to achieve the desired results?

In it will be pictured with insistent regularity and in installments
quickly following one another, the history of each unit of our college
life. In its columns you will feel the pulse beat of the student body.
It will be as a mirror standing at an angle into which a body peering
will not see his own, but rather the image of another.

'l‘hus do we launch this journal on its course, with every conﬁdence that

it fills a long felt want, and that its policy: To moli'e t’llt'll [action of our
Jflltfi'fll izryiiiiizulimi know and upprrcialc all (IIIINJ, to uphold the iiiuin-
, li-nulirr of [minimal regard and [ririidly rivalry among all, to work for m-
: operation but-ween ull xerlionr and [or flu- solidification (if the now repur-
' alrly warm! cut-mic; in the promotion of 9 real, distinct, and i'iii/iiiiiiirlir
spirit of loyully Io .S'liilc Colli‘yc, will in time do much toward placing the
record of our achievements outside of the classroom on a plane in keeping
with our standing as America's leading teachers i'ollcpc.

 

    

’ ’4’ “'«viiimwa was-.._c “(My

 

(Signed) The Committee of the ('lass of 1918, on I‘ublishing a \Vcekly

 

 

College Newspaper, Alfred Ii. I)eilicke, Chairman,

 

 < M ‘4.~M~mo ... 1

  Post-War Years EffOrlS

Achieve Critical Awards

(continued from page I)
The qualin slowly uf'lllf“.l‘lllllll'll|g
the 'l'weiitics was maintained in III(‘
noat dot-ado. 'l'he papei t'Z-JIH‘I It‘lil'I-ll , I
Some fililllli'l'dl lllllll‘fllllf‘h ‘lllflliL; HI“ “1": H” ‘2‘“1 "imam" ;"'
' — - -. i i ' -; -- .
the Depression, and Ill lflffu III“ *170 H I I “I ‘ H n l I" “"1 m i ‘f

. iii~i r - l ' l
, oi the pages had [U Id‘ 1 iii. donun ioi “M I" I K' l'h'ml‘ ( “ll “'9

 
   

in die 'I'liil‘fli“., and had lf'liflllltl'ly
(,‘lllt'l’t‘fl iiiai organi/alion’s annual
til'lllf’tll 1:111!in ltllilf‘hlh.

 

   
  
    
   
   
     
   
  
     
 
   
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   

 

2 “mm 2,) 15w”. iop liillilIIIlI of college newspapers

; The average issue llilillfl.il"l liylll '“ "UH" gm.“ "' “'“W 'l' "W ""9
f i -, pager. wliir'li goiii‘i all: pin [1 .t.l"l .ill V'P‘H'
f : “W “Hill” llbllf‘f'l‘i "1 "‘“I‘KI‘ m“- loi iiigiii inunoi'iitlw ‘if‘lllchll‘l'b'
j.’ 2  In the personal columns. on waning “MW,” “‘47 m", mm H”, New,a
 i  . attention to "Mix ld affiiii a «an i"' mainlaiiicd its All—Aiiiei‘ii-zinrating.
E l  “'I'H‘i'l' Ulilil‘l .i succession of uiiiiii-ii (“If-
f 2 iiii a llll’ lil“:':“-]III]J(‘I [JI'IHIIII‘II if \iir-
' j 4 War Brings Chum)" nil, of ntorius aiid fi-aiuic.» of both

T, \Viiilif War II brought many “Hm”, Mulqlmm'

changes to the News as well '.in “If?
College. lly lfidii tho nivwspapci was
almost exrlusividy llio [lillvlliff‘ iii
woinon, and this i-oiiifiiinn pi~r~.i~.iwf
after the war.

Up in III/II the inajoi'ny ni {Vows
editors \voii- mun. l-roni 11:43 in
1960, fiowevci , only one inaiiserui-d
as Editor-iii-Cliiof of lIlI.‘ newspaper.
It was not until the law's ifiat men
once again showed an intuii-st m
sci ving on the paper.

Continued Enpunsion
ioniinui-d expansion has Illlllhlttl
lift! newspaper Ill 1|‘(Zt‘lll yi-ai'n. l'Jii—
ioying lii‘sl-l'lflhh and near All-
1\llll'll('ull ratings, the ASP became
a scuff-Weekly publication in the
Spilng of 1004.

1:.inployini', a variety of journal-
isiii- pi airtii'cs, coupled wiilimodiern
photo offset printing techniques, the
AHI’ presents a lwiizu-weekly picture
of tho University at a (fl‘Itll‘ftI phase
of Ill-i development.

The ASP and the University have
grown and prospered together.

   
  

 
 
  
  
 
 
 

After lIlf! war the News achieved
its; highest mark of success up to
that time. The paper first enrolled
In “It! Associated Collegiate Press

 
  
  
   

 

50111 ANNIVE

 
 
  
 

RSARV OCTOB ER 4. 1966

High Ideals Mark Begining 0f Campus Newspaper

 

In Purpose, In

Since its founding in 1916,
the Albany Student Press and
its forebearers have been
characterized by its present
motto, “A Free Press, A
Free University.”

The newspaper has been entiron under the
control of the student body throughout its fifty
year history. Not all college newspapers can
boast of that distinction since many staffs
work under the watchful eye of their admin-
istratfon and faculty advisors.

Only once did the newspaper have an ad-
visor. That was in the 1920’s when Dr. Iiarry
W. Hastings, chairman of the English depart-
ment, served as adviser. Ilastlngs seems to
be an inconsequential figure as his Influence
on the paper was negligible.

Some Spirit Through 50 Years

The spirit that has characterized news-
paper staffs of the past half-century was
born in May 1916 when Alfred E. Dedicke,
first editor of the State College News, and
twelve other students saw the need for a
student newspaper and formed a "Committee
to Publlsh 3 Weekly College Newspaper.”

The Committee presented their idea to
President Abraham Brubaeher who gave his
encouragement to the proposal.

The first issue of the State College News
appeared on October 4, 1916. The opening
editorial stated that the committee hoped to
fulfill the need of “bringing each extreme of
our student life into direct touch with the
other, of making this heterogeneity into which
we have grown a solid unit, a single collegiate
faintly.”

The policy of the paper was "to make each
faction of our student organization know and
appreciate all others, to uphold the mainten—
ance of fraternal regard and friendly rivalry
among all, to work for cooperation between
all sections and for the solifieatlon of the
now separany wasted energies in the pro-
motion of a real, distinct, and enthusiastic
spirit of loyalty to State College.”

First Year Uncertain

The first year of the State College News
was an uncertain one for the small staff
as the newspaper was financially dependent
on the sale of issues for money. The fol-
lowing year the situation was relieved with
the adoption of a voluntary student tax.

The newspaper attached the enthusiasm of
the student body as many students joined the
newspaper staff and contributed money lowai d5
lts publication. The first staff of the "State
College News” was composed oftwelve people.
The 517.0 of the staff grew to 42 people in
1026 and to over 100 people in 1936.

In order to receive a position on the news-
paper a student had to attend classes held by
Newsboai-d, the ruling body of the newspaper
since 1918. Upon completion of the short

course, a test was administered by News-
Board. If a satisfactory score was achieved

 

NOT REMBRANDT'S DUTCH MASTERS. this austere-lookin
board, shown here at work on on issue. The '22-
printed in a copy of the News.

'23 Newsboord was the first to have its picture

Editorial States Paper’s Purposes News Remains student Paper

Name, In Fact

  
   

« . 

PROFESSOR Harry W. Hastings, choir-
man of the English department served
as adviser to the paper or a brief period

in the I920's.

the student was appointed to a position on the
newspaper.

For 47 years the newspaper bore the title
the “State College News.” In 1068, when the
State College for Teachers became a univer-
sity, the newspaper became the “State Uni--
versity News."

However, this name was short-lived as the
"State University” in the banner was mis-
construed by many students and faculty to
mean the entire university. To eradicate this
confusion the name of the paper was f‘IItUlLZell
to the "Albany Student Press" or “ASP.”

The position of the "ASP" was made clear
in its first editorial when it was stated that
“this newspaper has never pretendedtorepre-
sent the entire University.”

It was hoped that the name, “Albany Student
Press,” would make 11 clear that the ASI’ was
a student newspaper,

Freedom of Press Thrcoicned

The only threat to the newspaper’s freedom
of press came in the spring of 1965, and 11
came, oddly enough, from the student body.
It steinned from the negative student reac-
tion to the 1965 Torch which was called ob-
Gene by many students.

MYSKANIA field hearings on the inattiei
and proposed several guidelines for all pub-
llcations on campus to follow in order to
prevent similar occurrences. One of tin-so
guidelines was a censorship board. After filllf'Il
debate on the matter the problem was siilii-if
with the abandonment of the censorship boaid
for the sake of a free press.

Entirely Student Newspaper

After fifty years the Albany Stndeni I’lt":*
has remained a student newspaper \i'iih lIlf
students taking full responsibilin for if“
publication and content, with the Slllilt'lilk
contributing 100% of the labor that goes inii:
the paper and with the students underwritmy
100% of the newspaper’s operating costs.

  
     
  
  

 
   
   
      
 
  
    
   
  
    
   
     
     
    
      
     
  

  

 

    
  
  
    
   
 
    
  
 
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
      

 

    

9 group is actually the l922-23 News-

  

  

   
  

     
  

 

 

OCTOBER 4, 1966

was Moving Up Day.

Vision, Drive 01 Editor Dedicke
Yield lasting Results for College

On May 16,1917,theact—
ing Editor—in—Chief of the
State College News an—
nounced that the first Edi—
tor and founder of the pub—
lication, Alfred Edward
Dedicke, ’18, had left the
staff in order to enlist in
the officers reserve train—
ing corps of the Army.

By the time he left Albany at the
end of his junior year, Dedicke had
traced a phenomenal career at State.

horn in Mlddleville, New York,he
resided with his family in Germany
until returning to Middlevllle High
School in full}, only to complete
graduation in the space of a single
year.

Lcudinq Siudcni Figure

In the Fall oi 111111, at me age of
21, lleilicke entered State and pro—
ceeded to associate himself with
every phase of the college’s activi—
ties. In addition to the newspaper,
Dedicke played leading roles in
three dramatic productions, took a
prominent part in tho l'ronieilu-aii
llteiar}. society, served as Presi—
dent of his Sophomore class, as
captain of flit-Juniorbasketballtieani
and manager of the varsity squad.

Iledii‘ke's L'Ulllu‘t‘llflll with the
State College News Iii-ganut ilieiinio
of the-newspaper’sinroptninon Moi—
ing—Up Day in 11116. liediitko, ilnin
I‘i'csiilent of the Class of 'lli, With
chosen to head the committee of
the Class III I'Jlfi, on I’llIiIlhIIlflgfl
Weekly College Newspaper.

ALFRED DEDICK E. “We!”
founder of the State College
News, is shoWn here in his

World Wot I uniform.

 

traditionally covered by the N ws

50TH ANNIVERSARY

L

PRODUCED IN THE LAVISH

 

.xr Z-u’v - 1

Above all else through
the years Albany State’s
student newspaper has re—
mained flexible.

its journalistic concepts to
the paper, and each gen—
eration is forever im—
printed upon its pages.

College newspapers possess an
often overlooked asset in their flex-
ibility. Unlike professional publica-
tions which are often frozen in the
grip of precedent, college news-
papers can vary greatly in both
their style and content inafew short
years.

Lvery four years an entirely new
staff takes charge ofthe studentpub—
lication. Ideas, concepts, and abili—

"1‘he first issue, published on Octo-
ber 4, 1916, was introduced to the
college of Dedicke in his role of
Committee chairman, an office later
to be developed into Editor-lii—Chief
of the News.

Sow Dialogue Need

Dedicke was able to conceive of
the need for a dialogue between the
administration and student body of
a college that was already tending
toward a trend in sectionallsm of

thought. _
ties regularly vary with these
BybringingtheStateCollegeNews 9601119. U
into being, Dedicke[il‘oviile(jlij5(gol_ In addition the college itself

changes. The stuff of the newspaper
Is the people, the places, and events
of the college. Of the three only the
events i‘cinalii more or less static.

Thus both the newspaper ifselfand
the campus of which it writes unfold
in kalelrlescopii- order through the
years. The newspaper’s variety is
the measure of the University’s
variety.

leagues with their first direct line
of coininmii'cation.Inhiswordsthere
arose, “a need for a means of
bringing each extreme ofour student
life into direct innrh With the other,
of making this heterogeneity into
which weliaiegroivna slnglounil...”

In May of 15117 Derlll‘kf‘ did-filed
to l'lli his promising (‘tllIOgt' cai'i-er
short in order to servo his country
in WW 1. An ill‘lllIU in the News
ilatolmed November, lfllli, follows
his Arm) career fui'thoi‘. 1.i.
Dediike was then stationed in the
South and was reported to have been

Early Yours
from liiiI stai'i flu) Stati- (‘iillege
News never remained stationary.
‘l'hil paper originally sold for :1
subs: notion of $1.31) a ‘yl‘fll’tlllfl was

appointed liaitalion Intelligence ()i— l’l'l'llt‘“ “1“!” “(‘“VYWOIHI” Eli's-“it‘d
Ili'f‘l of tho ﬁiith U.S. infantry. llflfll’l-

’l‘ln- paper was fiist printed by

“,5 mg“. HHSMUH H, “H. “Um Hamilton l’rinii-rs, located at 246

“H”, was U, 5H,,“ u". N(,_Mm,1_t, llaiiiilliin Siii-i'l. The building was

torn down for [hp South Mall pro-
Jot-i NWL‘ILlI yiiars ago.

I‘UW pictui ('h :ippoari-d in the News
ifniini: the first )‘l‘lll
l'lllllf‘ti lieaif sinus, and all of them
Wi-ii- lllhf‘lf by the piiiiiiigrapliiirs of
lllt‘ now vii-funil Albany I-,Vi-iiiiig
NIBW‘u

l.aiul Ilt‘le‘l'll AIIH‘II niiileneiny IIlll‘S
Ill don-i mini- position and sii i-iigtlioi
ihi- opposing \lilt‘.

Gives MYSKANIA Advice

A \i-ai afioi in) It'll Stale a It‘llf’l'
was no f‘I‘-l‘4I in llll'l‘IiIIt‘Hf‘ IIUIIIlIlP

Ililllll‘lI i-diioi li‘t'fillllllf‘litlllu', i'oi- . .
I I H I I l Eupiiiisioii iii IWt‘llllli's
Iiiiii v Illlil'l“» 1i 11‘ :ii‘ [‘1‘ Itlll ll ,
If [If' iiilil-IflJf)‘~. ll 1 )f' h;
{\libbANlﬁi IiiI‘IlIlu‘IH. iii-infirm l ' ""“’ ’ "'
llItht'liClilli‘ lliilll. ifiziiiiyi-s I'fiIII Ill
unlill‘t‘ ‘.‘».l.‘- pioinpil'. IliIIll\\I‘lI lllt‘
I ‘ l H lUllii.il and siziff.
 ‘.|'I . H
” llio original group of 1:! infliors
Ilf‘lltlull by Alfred In. fliedii-lw mew
V ' I r to ‘12 In flue lentil :iiiiiiii-isaiy issue
I i ' i‘ifr ‘i ' . v
N'H'im’l“? " V ‘1 ” I" “'rml‘” in lliio. A successful Iraininii pm.
‘”’“”I "‘l‘ “ “ml “UH” “ “'L‘ giain illllill'll‘ll mor Ito i-nb iiyonis,
tIl‘lllIl Wm. ll‘ll‘llt‘fl by tho college

III that year.

In the same vein flippapi-i :idopli-d
a humid similar in that t‘IIIIIIlI)t'lI
In the ASI’ today. l’ai‘i- si/e was
increased to five i-oliinins, andmoio
[All llII't.‘ features weii- used.

In Niiyi‘illliel, Ill-IE, Iletllt'hf’, liylliit.
time a (.‘nlonof, dti-d of a Ilt'fll'l af—
tai k while on duty with his Infantry
Iff‘lglllll‘lll at (‘ainp Ilul’hl'lt’),'I'{‘.Xlls.

liodirko’i. “It;th and [farming] 1n 15137 the News was Judged by
diiw \vi-ri- iiiipi'iiifuil upon [hush lllu (.‘olmiibfa Scholastic I’i‘oss As-
‘Iflljt‘f'lh and people who I‘IIISIBIIHI soriatinn as the second best loacli—

oi s college newspaper in tho roun-
li‘) . l~'or the State College News 1111
exiiillonl winning Journalistic for-

ai ouiid Illlll. Aiiil In him this Ulll\t‘l'—
sity‘s Student Press owes iIlf‘l't‘fiIl-
ration of a coin-opt envisioned by

Dedicke in what he set out to ac— iniila had been developed.
compliin in the infant days of tin. “mm”, “H. “upmmlnly 0‘ me
SIM" ‘3‘”“915” New"- Depression and the approach of

 

Each generation brought

Most were ‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

0n the Practical Side

war, the News continued to function
throughout the Thirties.

Its columns reflected greater so-
briety and concern for the questions
of the day than the News of the
previous decade. Securing employ-
ment after graduation Weighed
heavily upon the student body, and
the News cheerfully reported every
student who received a teaching po-
sltlon.

Economics weighed heavily upon
the News also, and in lflfff'itlie paper
was forced to cut back its page size
because of lack of funds. The ed1-
tors also threatened to resign In
1930 when MYSKANIA attempted to
force the paper to print the name
of all students delinquent in paying
activities tax.

War Years Bleak
World War II effectively denuded
the newspaper and the college of
men. Men returned to the college
after the war, but not to die News.

 

if crowded quarters of Van Rensselaer Hell, th AS I I) t '
year. Staffers and editors gather five nights weekly to produce the semi-weein p::;.e m as "s 50'“

Years Of lean, Plenty Influence
Newspaper’s Physical

Ingredients

Not until the 1960’s did men once
again exhibit interest In the paper.
lletween 1947 and 1952 asuceession
of women editors led the paper to
eight consecutive All-American rat-
ings. With this achievement the
News received the highest of criti-
cal compliments.

Durfng the 1950’s the newspaper
suffered a lapse. For several years
the paper could achieve no higher
than a second class critical rating,
and there were complaints of stu-
dent indifference aiid apathy.

1n 1962 the newspaper began photo
offset production, which allowed
greater flexibility In layouts and
pictures than Was previously pos-
sfble. In the spring of 1964 semi-

lweekiy production was begun.

The ASP today is presented with
the challenge of faithfully portray-
ing the University In the years of
Its most dynainlc expansion. For
both the newspaper and the Unf-
vei'sliy the future promises con-
tinual change and accommodation.

State College News

A WLEKLV IOIIKNAI.
V01. 1 No l

DEATH or flu LEONARD
A iii.

SEVEN NEW
, . FAC
w:|'$::"'":.‘l  in». “lg-a uluﬁix‘lmuu ill

Suu Cullrgt

  

.. um, I

 

 
 
 

in i V I): l'um N... In
“Hull” of Mini-mun.
I b ..

 
 

1'1
)4.“
.. his... ii... I'm. ...,
and “I'll ml: IJuvi tr' iiui '

l .4. r imi- rnru’ril n

....i. ..i.n ruin" i... i...i. .,,,,,,,,, h, h, ,.,,,,, ,,,,,,|

m i... A II ilrlirr n on innm
Ai nu Illﬂl' ..i in. dlllil lilviilnlll 1 lb-

imn "It" wu a run i-Ie

  

 

 

ALHANY, N Y . Uirioiiui 4. 1010

MEMBERS ON
UL’I‘Y

- mu mi III!" .

 
  
 
   
 

NEW yuiui a'rATr. (1014.101 van "Ammo

 

clu-am Collru lun- nu
Stflalﬂlhlp Tm I
Gum In All CM‘IAIIII

In

.....ii nun

Iii] lihrnomurul [ninth ..i
nun iningr Im ierriud nu
inns IIIu mi ii

   

 
 

mam... i..." l u
n... n...i .,i c.....i.......i
podium...

  
     

 

 
   
 
 

i n I
am...”

 

.u i. ollv

    
 

in ion in Ann:

Ailliui x
I‘IIIINI

In

 
  
 
 
  
  

  

       
     
   

o MIIII'Ll
dial Ilrililirt
m. i.. m. mum-mo mm. o.

 

 

 

7hr lunull unit" Inul plan
I

V - . tutti-n
rut-undo: Ihrir hr nit-mt In. A M in

Front

 

 

 

u. I“ all "in..." 'Iuililf'trlllinllodltlnl oi n
rmwa to ha ) (nth-d u r... 5

Page Facsimile, Vol. I, No. 1

  

