 

 

.....,....paunf.’p rocket.” out of bounds.

. . . ,y '

"s the inal,week. of ' ,

r . L can look‘back upon what can only be termed

a mildly successful year. Ear the most part,'most of
theyarsity. teams enjoyed onlymediocre records. And

to athletics officially ends.

, yet, warm ﬁrlromcalling‘the year disappointing, Not  'l

“.byalo'ngshot. .  ~

The soccer’tear'n, with only five-seniors and a filled-
ful of _s0phomores,.registered a 4-6 season. With sev-
eral this fresh moving up next year. the Dane hooters
will most certainly improve on their 1965 mark.
‘ The cross-country team should be invincible next
year. With a 10-2 record this past season, the Mun-
seymen had the best season of all the varsity teams.

““ ‘rlif;
‘ l

whit


in

And with only two seniors graduating and a top notch .

frosh team (5-2) turning out some outstanding runners.
we can only envision another great year for the har-
riers. ‘



The wrestling mam will take a back seat to no one n h
next winter, as the team graduated no seniors and has 3 4’4. n

’ ‘a frosh squad that lost but a single meet in the wings.
Coach Garcia can afford to be very optimistic.
“Doc” (Miracle) Sauers is hoping that academics

STORY OF THE

Burlingome is on the mound talking to his hurler about plan-

'ning strategy on how to get out the opposition during a recent and probably most of the games.

. .. I. 0
23:2: sunshine nascnnsgnsssznz Gm“ Dunes Drop 5.x". Strulghl,

will be really tough next year, with another Capital
City tourney win on the horizon. ‘

Experience should correct most of the golf team’s
problems next year. The tennis team, while still a
slight disappointment, has an undefeated (at time of
'publication) freshman team moving up. '

The baseball team should be helped greatly by the
addition of some fine frosh hurlers next year. In fact,
the baseball team will be helped greatly by the ad-
dition of anyone.

So, that’s what happened and could happen. Now
let’s see what should happen:

The new AMIA director, whoever he be, should or-
ganize, coordinate. and run the men’s intramural pro-
gram througi its most productive .year ever. This is
the first time State has had an instructor whose sole,
coaching function is the AMIA program, and we expect
a lot from him. AMIA was once againa poorly run pro- '
gram this year, as student commissioners just couldn’t
do an adequate job. Also, we hope that the new student
AMIA officers prove a little more responsible than
the past ones.

That’s it for a year. I want to especially thank asso-

ciate sports editor Don Oppedisano and photographers h

Klaus Schnitzer, Walter Post, and Bob Stevenson for
_ their thoughtful efforts during the year.

Netmen Finish at 4-4

The Albany State varsity tennis by shutting out his opponent from
team finished the 1966 season by Central Conn., 6-0, 6-0.
losing to New Paltz, 3-6,‘ on May With the exoeptlon of Slocum,
.11, and then defeating Central Con— everyone else on the team Will re-
:nectlcut, 5-4, on May 14. With these turn for more action next year-
‘two matches, the netmen ended the These Players inelude Ken Zach-
'year with a record of 4-4. arias, Tom Walencik, Guy Nicosia,
Number one man Tom Slocum led Bob Dobrusin, and Ton Glaser.
the team throughout the whole cam- Coach Joe Garcia's frosh year-
paign, being undefeated in all his lings support an undefeated 8-0
singles matches. Slocum finished slate with one match remaining
his fine four year career at State tomorrow at New Paltz at .3:00.

 

 

 

 

if '{lin . ,

A POINT FOR STATE: Number one man Tom Slocum, undo—
teated for the State netmen this year, watches ball from op-

ing! 7 AtzUJJl-Ml’l‘m

.nale as seniors Pep Piz-

Vie With RPI gin finale

y Mike Connolly

Today

The varsity baseball team closes out_the season this afternoon in a home game
against the RPI Engineers with Bob Burlingame’s nine seeking revenge for an 8-5
loss earlier in the season on RPI’s home grounds. Should the Stateman win, it will
be Burlingame’s first victory over the Engineers as a State Coach.

double. New Paltz then came back
with four runs in the fifth to take a
5-3 lead, but that was cut to 5-
in the seventh as Pizzlllo doubled

' Moore Hollis and scored on Tomaselli’s single.
zxuo' Jay ' The statesmen rallied in the bottom

T°ma§e1hv af‘d 311} “‘ng half of the eighth to go ahead 7-5,
particxpate in their last scoring three runs on a double by
game. Dom Martino andsingles by Chris-

The Danesman will take
a 2-10 record into the fi-

Last week the varsity nine went “at? roore’ and Pizzmo'
- ooked for the moment as if

“mess 333‘“ “W” t” New pal" State had the win but before the
17-7 Central Connecticut 10-0 and ’
Qumh 1 c ,7 6 I top of the ninth was over, the men

Com?- eo‘nnecucug teed off from New Paltz had scored twelve
against the badly undermanned Dane runs. Coach Burlingame could do
squad'couecung {meenhusoﬂrmm little as knuckleballer F'iotrowski
Egelston and Tom Piotrowski. The 80‘ TOCI‘ed 10" 3“ twelve runs»
statesmen could manage only five only six earned-

armless singles, two by catcher I
Ray Cianfrini, the team’s leading  
batsman, hitting at a .353 clip, with
18 hits in 51 trips.

The Danes played erroriess ball   3'6
behind Piotrowskl and Bgieston, but
the powerful Connecticut nine used State's varsity golf team, with
three extra basehits and twelve two losses and one win in the past
singles to hand Albany State its week and a half, now sports a 3-6
tenth loss of the year. won-lost mark with one match re-

maining.
Close Game The linksmen face Oneonta at

The Danes wentdown to Quinnipiac home today at 2:00.
on Friday in a close one. Quinnlplac On Thursday, May 12, the Dane
traded runs with the Statesman in golfers traveled to Uticg College
the first and third then broke out and played a match in 39 temper-
for five runs in the fourth to take a ature and a persistent rain.

7-2 lead. The home team won, 5 1/2-3 1/2.

The Great Danes chipped away at State’s points came on wins by Mike
the lead, scoring another run in the Bloom and Dave Ellenbogen, abest-
fifth, as Cianfrini singled Tomaselli ball win by Ellenbogen and Ray Mc-
home fi‘om second. They collected Cloat, and a halve by Fred Nelson.
three more runs in the sixth, as On Monday, May 16, RPI hosted
Pizzillo singled after walks to Pio- and beat the Danes over their home
trowskl and Egelston, and Andy course of Troy C.C. The Engineers
Christian drove home the two final whipped the State golfers 532-547
tallies for State with a single, as in medal play. Bill Kane fired a 79
Quinnipiac's pitcher stiffened and to pace State.
shut the Danes out for the final On Tuesday.May l7.A1hanytook
three innings, to the road and traveled to Central

Connecticut State. The Snuersmen
Trade Lead scored 3 “gm 5-4 upset win.

State traded thelead severaltimes W105 by K309 in the first 510‘.
1n the New pauz game, but men Bloom in the third slot, and Mc-
came the ninth, which could only be C10“ 1" the lourth $10!. NONE With
described as a coach's nightmare. “Si-ball Wills by Kane-Nelson and
The Danes took a 3-1 lead into the Bloom-McCloai gaveMbanylts win-
fourth inning, aided by Cianfrlnl’s "108 miler".
bases empty homer and run scoring

I" " "’“A'nﬁliér
I    um

Call 434-3298
LAndy’s PIZZA- RAMA—l

5 _‘—’_ —»—t——_

Frosh Detect RPI;
End Season at 5-4

by Glen Sapir

The Fresh baseball team con-
tinued it"s winning ways with suc-
cessive victories over the New Paltz
fresh and the RPI yearlings. After
a slow start in which the statesmen
lost their first four games, the
Great Dane pups have evened their
record with four straight victories.

In the New Paltz game, the State
frosh compiled nine runs on ten
hits to win behind the fine pitching
of winner George Webb and reliever
Steve Davis. Two standouts in this
game were Webb and catcher Gary
Torino.

Webb allowed only two runs on
seven hits to pick up his second win,
and offensively he homered, singled
twice, and reached base five times.
Torino also celebrating a perfect
three for three day, singled three
times, walked twice, stole two bases,
and scored four times.

The Great Danes played come
from behind baseball in the RPl
tilt and after squeezing home the
tying run, went on to score four
more and give George Webb his
third victory, 10-6. Webb was su-
perb in relief of Steve Davis, and
he again starred with a double, two
slngls and a sacrifice fly.

The State fresh included their
season in a return game with the
frosh of New Paltz State, Wednes-
day at University Field.

WAA News

The Women’s Athletic Association
holds its Annual Awards Night, Wed-
nesday, May 4. Included in the pro-
gram were presentation of individual
awards, announcement of new offi-
cers, and announcement of the new
Honor Council.

Entertainment was furnished by
the Gymnastics Club and the Modern
Dance Club under the capable lead-
ership of Dr. Cobane and Miss
Tores, respectively.

The new officers are president,
Dottie Mancusi; vice-president,
Judy Coslanzo; secretary, Judy My-
sliborski; treasurer, Jean Tashjlan;
representatives to recreation board,
Sue Emborsky and Judy Eliott.

The new Honor Council members
are Sue Emborsky, Sue Hulbert,
Kathy Krautter, Kathy Farnsworth,
Joan Tashllan, Donna Reynolds, and

. Lynne Marella.

 

 

 

WARD-WINNING BOOTH: Sigma Lambda Sigma booth was one

of the more popular booths at State Fair. It was awarded first
prize as the best booth at the Fair.

5 Faculty loin Music ,_ Department,
New Music ilegree to Be Given

Dr. Charles F. Stokes,
chairman of the Depart-
ment of Music, has an—
nounced the addition of five
new faculty members to the
department in the Fall of
1966.

The additions will inaugurate a
major in music under the Bachelor
general program. The new mem-
bers are Findley Cockreli, Patricia
Grigner, James Morris. Daniel Ni-
melz and Vivian Safowitz.

Harvard Graduate

Cockrell, a graduate of Harvard
University, has been appointed to
head the Piano Department. Re-
ceiving the Bachelor and Master of
Music degrees from the Juillard
School of Music, Mr. Cockrell has
performed with Arthur Godfrey on
nation-wide C.B.S. television, and
has appeared as piano soloist in
several noted symphony orchestras
throughout the country.

Teaching French horn and classes
in Music History will be Daniel
Nimetz, a graduate of Alfred Unl-
verslty and presently a candidate
for the Ph.D. degree in Musicology
at the Eastman School of Music.
Nimetz has done additional study
at the University of Vienna, and has
performed as a French horn player
with the Vienna State Academy or-
chestra.

The third new facully member is
Vivian Safowiiz, a Woodrow Wilson
fellow and member of Pi Kappa
Lambda, the national music honor-
ary, andthc AmericanMusicological
Society. She received a il.A. degree
from Brooklyn College and a Music
Masters degree from the University
of Illinois, and is presently com-
pleting requirements for adoctorate
in music from the latter institution.
Miss Safowiiz will teach classes in
music, history and literature.

To Teach Varoui Instruments
Miss Patricia Grignet will teach

LAST ISSUE
This will be the last issue of the
ASP for the 1966-06 academic year.
’ll’xanext issue will be September 23,

oboe, Woodwinds, ensemble play-
ing, and classes in chamber music.
A graduate of the Cincinnati Con-
servatory of Music, she has ap-
peared with such internationally
known musicians as RudolphSerkin,
Pablo Cnsals, and the Budapest
String Quartet as a participating
artist at the Marlboro Festival of
Music.

Miss Grignet spent three years
as associate first ohoist in the Cin-
cinnati Symphony, and has appeared
as soloist in several concerts in
New York.

Dr. James Morris, appointed to
teach trumpet, trombone and tuba,
will also conduct brass ensembles
and assist in the wind instrument
program. Dr. Morris, who holds
degrees from the University ofCal-
lfornia at Los Angeles, Yale Uni-
Versiiy of Southern California, has
performed as aprofessional trumpet
player with the Los Angeles Phil-
harmonic, San Francisco Ballet,
New Haven Symphony and other or-
chestras across the U.S.

Dunlap Elected Editor-in-Chief,

To Lesson Communication Problem

Margaret A. Dunlap was
elected editor—in-chicf of
the Albany Student Press
for the 1966-67 academic
year at the Annual News—
board Elections Thursday.

Miss Dunlap is a freshman with
a French major. She has worked
on the newspaper since September
and has served as news editor since
January.

Asked of her plans for the future
she said, "i intend to attempt to
satisfy those who have been com-
plaining about the communication
problem on campus.

“Since the Unwersity is growing,
being informed is becoming more
and more important.

"I realize that knowing and re-
porting that which everyone wants
to see will be difficult. i do not,

MAY' 24, 1966

VOL. L_Il, no. 36 

Council Approves Court lustice‘s,ﬁf~
Passes ContemporaryMusicBud et’

l’Y Debby Friedman

The approval of the pro-
posed budget for 1966—67
of the Council for Contem-
porary Music and the ap-
pointment of the 1966-67
Supreme Court were the
highlights of the last Cen-
tral Council meeting of the
vear.

The Contemporary Music Council
expects that its budget will be met
by its income. The total expendi-
tures will be $17,935.00. The per-
formers tentatively scheduled for
next year are Jay and the Ameri-
cans, the Ramsey Lewis Trio, and
Ray Charles.

Supreme Court

MYSKANIA submitted to Central
Council its recommendations for
the Supreme Court, which Central
Council accepted. However, only
seven names were proposed to fill
nine positions. It is hoped that the
two places from the sophomore
class will be filled in September.

Chosen from the freshman class
were Peggy Ann Williams and Jan-
sen Chazancf. The lone sophomore
is Rosemarie Vairo, one of the two
returning justices from this past
year.

The junior designees are Eliza-
beth Anne Mulvey, Stephanie Ann
DeSlmone, Mary Lynne Marella,
and Connie Moqulst. Miss Moqulst
is also a member of the outgoing
Supreme Court.

Solicitations Commission an-
nounced that contracts have been
awarded for laundry and cleaning
service. Both contracts are for
two years, with a third year option
by both parties. -

Robinson Laundry received the
contract for linen services and lioxy
Cleaners will supply cleaning serv—
ices.

Logos Populori

In other action, Central Council,
after much discussion, passed a
budget of $475 for Logos Populari,
Sociology Club, for 1906—67. With
expected income, the total alloca-
tion was $275.

The club, a new ‘one, hopes to
sponsor a “sociological weekend"
and a major speaker next year.

In business relating to Athletic
Advisory Board, five students were

however, intend to do it alone. A
good staff will be needed, as well
as the cooperation of those whohave
newsworthy items.”

Miss Dunlap replaces Joseph Sil-
verman who served as editor since
September 1065. Silvermnn praised
his successor saying shc“has shown
great journalistic ability and Will
continue in the ASP tradition."

Other members elected to News-
board were Ray McCloai, sports
editor; Don Oppedisano, associate
sports editor; Linda Duffy, feature
editor; Ed Lange, arts editor;Stuart
Lubert, photography editor; Lor-
raine Bazan, technical supervisor;
Sara Kitisley, news editor; Ken
Bernstein, associate editor; Bruce ,
Kaufman, advertising manager;
Nancy Felts, associate editor.

Also Joseph Silverman, Edith
Hardy and Karen Keefer were
elected executive editors.

appointed to serve on the Board.
They are Joe Mahay, John Canfield,
Charlene Carson, Lawrence Crutch-
ley, and Kathy Wilkins.

In a bill, introduced by Student
Tax Committee, the A. A. Board
was appointed as a standing com-
mittee of Central Council. The bill
makes all financial matters of the
Atheltic Department subject to re-
view of Central Council.

The recommendations of the
Council will, in turn, be passed on
to University authorities for further
action. The effect of the bill is to
introduce the Council into the rec-
ommendation process.

Parking Regulations
Extended discussion occurred
over the proposed Parking andTraf-

Schedule Announced
For Senior ,Vleek

Senior class officers have an-
nounced the following senior-week
events to be held Wednesday, June
15 through Sunday, June 19.

June lﬁ-Senlor Skit, 8:00 p.m.,
Page Hall.

June lG-Plcnic - 1:00 p.m. Mc-
Kown's Grove.

June l7-lnformal Party 0:00 p.m.
McKown’s Grove.

June l7-Dinner-dnnce Herbert's,
cocktails 0:00 p.m.; dinner 7:00
p.m; dane 0:00 p.m.

June l7-Carillon Tower - 11:30
Dutch Quadrangle Dedication.Torch
Ceremony 8:30 p.m., Page; Presl-
dent-Faculiy’s Reception for Sen-
iors 10:00 p.m. Dutch Quadrangle.
Open liouse l0:00 p.m., DutchQuad-
rangle.

June ill-Commencement
a.m.-Dutch Quadrangle.

Seniors will be able to attend all
Senior-Week events for a total cost
of $5.00 per person. All money will
be collected at the door.

All seniors participating in the
Torch Night Ceremony must have a
torch bearer. A candle and a can-
dle-holder may be purchased at the
bookstore.

Accommodations for the parents

and friends of seniors will beavail-
able at the Dutch Quadrangle for
‘Saturday night, June 18. Furtherin-
formaiion concerning reservations
will be announced by the Housing
Office.

10:00

me Regulations for next year a the
new campus. Dr. Thorne forwarded
the proposals to Central Council for
their reactions. '

The general concensus was that
the plan is inadequate and unsatisi
factory. It was pointed out that.
students on the Colonial Quad would
have to walk almost a mile to their
cars by the gym.

Aside from the danger, it was
pointed out that the parking was
inadequate. The channels of appeal
for violations were questioned as
well as the involvement of city
police in ticketing for moving vio-
lations.

It was not clear who would receive
the money from parking violations.
One member of the council pointed
out that you couldn’t make the cam-
pus one blg parking lot. It was sug-
gested that the University build a
parking tower, to fit the architec-
tural scheme. .

Tile motion passed was to send
the proposal back to the adminis-
tration for clarification, reevalua-
tion, and possible discussion with
Council representatives.

The Students for a Democratic
Society attempted to get temporary
recognition, to use University fa-
cilities. However, in view of the
precedent involved of breaking pol-
icy for recognition, the proposal
was defeated.

Dr. John Winkelman

Winielman Appointed
German Dept chairman

Dr. John Winkelman, a specialist
in Germany lyric poetry from the
Middle Ages to modern times, has

been appointed chairman of the de-
partment of Germanic and Slavic
languages and literature at the Uni-
versilv.

Dr. Winkelman is currently pro-
fessor of German at the University
of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario,
Canada.

He has taught most phases of
German literature and has given
graduate seminars in Heine, Kafka,
and the "Novella." While at the
University of Nebraska be directed
the first year courses and super-
vised ihe German language labora-
tory.

He has published numerous schol-
arly articles and contributed chap-
ters to two books of literary criti.
cism. His literary articles have
dealt primarily with works of Erich
Kastner.

kink,“ ‘ ‘ V I He received his BA from the
5 r ,, , .E . 7’91), College of the City of New York in
“I “wig ‘ * I 4‘ 1933. in 1938, he received his MS
degree in Education from City Col-

Margoret Dunlap

l"

legs and in 1959he was awarded
his PM). from the University of
Michigan.

 

