  
  
  
   
        
  
  
      
       
 
     
 
     

   
   
  

   
 

   
 

  

     
  
  

     
    
 
 

 

rmm~mn

1454;914:313.“

    

 

 

by Dougled Rathgeb

if anything proved the decline of
Hollywood aavthe film capitol of the
world and the center of the cinema
:rts it mfthe Academy Awards
Ceremony of the week past. Both in
the very nature of the nominees and
the selection of the winners (not
only of last year, but of the last ten
years and more) the American Aca-
demy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences shown that its interest
remains in'iining its already plush
pockets and improving its show at
the box office rather than in recog-
nizing and rewarding true cinema
artistry. -

Overgrown Popularity Poll

The Academy Awards are, al-
ways have been (with the exception
of their early years) and probably
always will be, little more than an
overgroWn' popularity poll. The
words on the award say “Best Actor
(or actress) in a Single Perfor-
mance," but what they really mean
is either (1) Most Popular Actor in
a Single Performance" or (2) “Best
Actor for a Performance lie Gave
Back in 1952 Because Somebody Else
Got It Then."

Best Actor

And then of course there is " Best
Actor For A Single Performance
Which Wasn’t So Hot But He’s Lost
Out Eight Times Before So it’s High
Time Now.”

In 1960 Elizabeth Taylor won the
award for Best Actress because she
had nearly died oi pneumonia the
year before: Gregory Peck won in

we need the best brains available.

2. lunar landing. The an
exact composition oi a

  

well a: structural

(and propulsion chor-
octeristics oitho space
vehicle, enter into

you could be the one to do itl

 

space,

 

9

f 7H

l. Repairs in space. Ii something goes
wrong with a vehicle in orbit, how can it
be tired? Answers must be Iound, ii larger
scale space operations are to become a I
reality. for this and other assignments Air ‘

Force scientists and engineers wrli bc 4. Space orientation. The orbital prob.
called on to answer in'tho next low years, lems Di 0 spacecralt, including ils ability

the lunar suriaco, as 4 a a

this problem. Important study remains to
be done—and, as an Air force oihcer,

I. lite-support biology. The filling oi
metabolic needs over very extended purl»
odl oi time in space is one oi the most
iascinoiing lublﬂcls that
Air Force scienlilts are in: l. Iynergetlcplane changing. Thoabil-
vettlpating. The results liy oia spacecrolt to chartng attitude can
promiw to have vital ram. also be crucial to space operationswhere
liicalions to! our life on but in the Air force could Soil/s get the
901th, in wall a; an outer chance to work on such Ioscinatinp pro]-

 
   
 

1962 not only because he gave a
performance in "To Kill A

Mockingbird," but also because he
had lost six times before;

Strong Patriotic Feeling

‘ Gary Cooper won in l941 ior
“Sergeant York" due to the strong
patriotic feeling of the nation, and
the Academy, at that time. Sidney
Poitier also just happened to be
chosen the first Negro Best Actor
at the height of the Civil Rights
movement in 1963 and 1964.

The list continues. Julie Andrews
won for her role in“Mary Poppins”
partly for her singing and partly
because she had lost the lead in the
film version oi “My Fair Lady" to
Audrey Hepburn.

Curiously Predictable

The Academy's choices for Best
Picture over the years have been
curiously predictable. it is not
necessarily the best films, but the
largest and most popular which are
declared the winners. This year’s
nominated iilms follow the same
tedious pattern, as all the nom-
lnees, with the possible exception
of "A Thousand Clowns," were all
popular and, more importantly, all
money-makers. What’s more they
were all depressingiy conventional
(including "Darling" to an extent).
The experimental, the progressive
cinema was, as it always has been,
ostracized and ignored. And, with a
few exceptions, serious cinema
which Is big in impact, has had to
take a back seat to the pictures
which are so big in budget that they
have little room left for impact. It
has had to.take a back 5 at to sword

Here are 7 knotty problems
facing the Air Force:
can you help us solve one?

 

at l
.4,

    

to maneuver ovor selected points on the
earth, are oi yilrrl Importance to tho mili-
tary utilization ol space. There are plenty
ol assignments Ior young Air force physi-
cists in this area.

 

acts ripht_ol the start at their £93113?

W’s; 
Wood’s Downfa

broker," “The

I

incarnation-me:

  

and sandal iepics and imbecilic
“comedies.”

Hollywood Clique
What does all~ this mean?,Very
simply that the, Academy Awards
belong to that clique known as Hol-

lywood. It is a big clique to besure, .

but a clique‘just the same. For the
Academy members vote for their
own winners. They call it “being
judged by your peers," but there
are a hell of a lot of peers that
haven’t even been acknowledged as
such, peers who are long-deserving
of recognition.
Fine, Unbiased Job

Year after year the Academy
nominates, votes and congratulates
itself for a fine unbiased job. They
bestow honors on such imaginative,
beautiful and moving films as “Cat
Ballou," "Mary Poppins," and "The
Sound of Music" and leave those
trite, innocuous run-oi-the-mill
second-raters like "The Pawn-
Knack," "Dr.
Strangelove," "The Train," and
"Lolita" without mention. “Who
cares if they win all those foreign
awards? Just because the rest oithe
international film community thinks
they are superb doesn’t mean we
have tot" that seems to be Holly-
wood’s rationale.

Also Ran
It is already a statistical fact
that the American film industry,
ninety-five percent oiwhichlsbased
in Hollywood, has already lost its
position as head of the international
cinema world. And before long the
much overrated Academy Award will

find itsellan also-ran.

6. Space propulsion. As our
space ilighis covcr greater
and greater distances, pra- .
puision—mora than any-
thing clscemll become the
limiting lactoi, New fuels
and new propulsion lecit-
niqucs must be iound, ii we
are to keep on exploring
the rnysicrru‘. oi space And
it may well be an Air Force
scientist on his lust assign-
mcru who makes the big
breakthrough!

   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

7. Pilot performance.
Important tests must still be
modulo duletmrne how titu
pilots oi manned aero-
spacecrait vrill react to
long periods away born
the earth. OI course
not every now Air
Force oliicor be-
comes involved in rosodrch and develop-
mcni right away. But where the most ox-

   
  

   

\ citing advancusuro

' (.0 taking place, young

a ,.\ 0“?“ Air Force scientists,
“.  .‘ administrators,

    

pilots, and engineers
are onth scene.

Want to iinri out how you In into the
Air Force picture? Contact your nearest
Air force representative, or mail the cou-
pon today.

 

UNIHD “Alli All '0“!
lion A. Dept 50‘ M
Randolph ale, leiut ram
Name
rm." 9....»
Collage Mme“ ul

 

Addrau ....__.._———.————-———<

c..,

'JluW _._..IIP Code"...

 

 

 

 

er rear or tr—
arisen" cuorrm mu

        
  
    
 

 

 

CHISTIAN SClEil‘TIST: Howard Irwin, C. 5. at the Christian
Science Board at Lectureship, discussed the "Dynamic Theo-
logy oi Scientific Christianity" Friday in Hosted i50.

Famed New York Ensemble
Provides Superb Evening

by John Press
Without the least hesitation this reviewer can say
that on the evening of April sixteenth Albany heard the
finest brass ensemble in the United States.
The performance of the New York Brass Quintet

_ was throughout characterized by superb ensemble and

stunning solo work.

It was astonishing that trumpet, French horn, trom-
bone and tuba could be played with such grace and
facility. In the hands of John Swallow the trombone
was often electrifying and Harvey Phillips’ tuba ran
the gamut from mellow baritone i'io bombarde organ
stop.

The first half of the Quintet’s program was an over-
view of composition for brass from the Middle Ages
to the present. The “Canzona” of Giovanni Gabrielli,
a Renaissance Venetian work. was sonorous and rich,
while a suite by the Romanticist Ludwig Mauer was
executed with almost string-like delicacy.

This last work proved that brass tone need not be
ponderous' Transcription at Bach

The other two works in this group were a transcrip—
tion of a Bach “Contrapunctus” and 21 “Suite for Brass
Quintet and Piano” by Robert Nagel, first trumpeter
of the Quintet. The Bach suffered from the trans—
cription, as the voices were not of equal strength.

In fact one often lost the French horn entirely. Mr.
Nagel’s composition was the usual, slightly—banal mu-
sic associated with high school brass players. In this
work, however. the horn had a lyric, Sibelius-like solo,
in which the instrument was given the vibrancy of a
mezzo—soprano voice.

The second half of the program was nearly a thesis
on modern music. It was a pleasure to hear these
striking compositions, which the Quintet is not always
able to present to the “paying public.”

The first, entitled “Music for Brass Quintet” (1961),
was an atonal composed in the polntillistic style. This
term, derived from an art movement of the late 1880’s,
denotes small jabs of color or tone. This composition
by Gunther Schuller was composed almost entirely of
the staccato utterance of the tone row by each of the
five instruments. The effect was sinister and com-
mending.

Next Was Tonal
To the obvious relief of the audience the next mod-
ern composition was tonal. “Four Movements for Five
Brass” (1957) by Collier Jones was placid. graceful
and remlscent of Aaron Copland.
Alvin Etler's “Quintet for Brosslnstruments” (1963)

while a very competent piece of serial composition

suffered by contrast to the Schuller. The last composi-
tion on the program was Eugene Bozza's “Sonatina”
(1950). This typically French work was blazing and
rhythmic.

The Quintet was enthusiastically received, but by
a disappointingly small audience. The encores, again
pro-twentieth century works, rounded out the program
exquisitely. The first was another of Bach's “Contra-
punoti." This one in C was slower and more clearly
expected than the first. An anonymous Medieval sonata

provided a lusty, jubilant conclusion. . . , . ..._. -. ..

 

  
     
       
    
  
     
       
   
  
        
   
  
          
           
      
         
   
     
       
        
           

\m'  Ll tLL‘BiE’.LL:.I. L. 
l 1 a;

\\ ' y a I ,A.
\ ‘ ‘ ' ‘tit

PEOPLE AND MORE PEOPLE: Students crowded into the first and second floor halls of Dpor

d t . . . .
2: 31:91  a stand in line in order to obtain the courses they wanted next semester. See story

Collins Says Lines ,‘Unfortunate’
Announces Plan for » Registration v

The problems of registration and there was a waiting list for some D ' '
323:2]gcgvrﬁzejéhfemallﬂltopécs 01fd the: lstudents to receive ott-campuslious- dent‘s. dillbilgewzmthgllzl;tulfcflﬁdsllbl
. r l res en ng.
Collins Monday. Dr. Clifton'Thorne, Vice Presi- be Hung m moms “em year.
Collins indicated that the un- dent of Student Affairs, said that New Faculty For Next Year
usuildly long linesE for pulling class approximately 200 students were President Collins discussed the
g1: SlewarsOhlltgfot unath  cause waiting to find out where they Would distribution per department of new
cards ware a: wins I {(11 c class live next year. These students were faculty for next year. This was in
This d no hate in time. on the list because they did not pay reference to a recent article in
l . was ue o uncertainty where their $25 deposit in time to insure "suppression" which inferred that
ﬁeaisglsmwegi to be held. lie said their place of residence for next the University's Education Depart-
“ m, e no excuse for this. year or those students whoseprlur- ment was receiving more than its
to President announced at the tiles could not be satisfied. fair share of new lacu" "ext ear
c;.irit€erencel thatiior the remainder ' Collins said that 81 llth fayculty
o te regs ra on period students ' members were olnln the School
would draw their class cards ac-    of Arts and Sciclices ifs opposed to

cording to the initials of their last
nl 2] -
name. The schedule for eachrlay, he 0 lie shill"‘gininigguﬁlf’liéﬁlﬁé

, .
said, was designed so that the max- N t  I h
“Hum number of students, which the a  I  y positions will be filled next year.

registrar could process, would be
able to draw their class cards.

   
    
 

Waiting List ior Student Housing will discuss “Ectasy as a Way of
The question was asked at the We” (contemporary indium phli- '
urea" conference of whether or not gsoplll’) today at 1:25 pm. in Draper o e 
E ’ 49.
 Iiao has been in residence at the Two omsmndmg Journalism WI“
  I l Unlvomuy Since May 1 am, Wm m_ argue the pros and cons of the Viet

{mun um” May 14' ms Stay has Sflﬁlzwllﬁollill(leiliigellrailllgRiel-millet]h
“ . y ' )GBil arranged by the Universlt in I “u” U 0 “56' "I" "m"
thou/If ,yvi’vurg "11“" Alba'w'ml" conjunction with Unitin Colleygo, Emm' ommed “A Great Debate 0"
i=5" ‘3 “959”le by 5"5' Russell Sage and Sklrlmorc Coll the Vietnam war" Wm “Ike mace
lish Evening Tuesday, May 10, iii - i “38‘ in Pane “all m 1:2510dny
a,» p'M. IN Brubnche, Lowe,- lie is the author of several books Kenneth Crawford will'urgue the
Loungm including "Kanthapurn," a novel affirmative, and David Keith liurrly
The ill'lJEl'llIll will consist of siu- demmg Wit“ ‘1 Village l” C“”“""”' “'9 "Guam" “r “"3 l'L‘S‘v‘l‘MU‘V “"9-
rlcnt views on campus life, which, little; "The Serpent and the llope,"‘ solved: That the Airiaricanprosotice
,0”. the English delmmnwm ,,u,._ a novel about East liltil West which- in Asia is necessary lopresorvothe
i-iuulum Ililii literary creations in 15 l”'”“""°l’“1“m “"‘J i'enia'li’ub‘ l“
general. The highlight of the pro. Ol'li-‘MMlWi 0i“-
ip'nm will be a parody written by “no ['ucelv it i - r r' .- 7.
i955. Barbara Rotunda unristudenth': '11511 and Iiisiuery liron?kinerlriilils [billi-
lLVltl‘l’ student: A MUI‘illlll’ I’luy.“ varsity. At the ago of lit he went
H MW llﬂi‘olil NOilkifn‘ii Willi” 01' to Europe to do research in litera-
Younc sun.“ will present his new- turn at the University oiMuttipelliei'
est work, “The Ulll'iqulluli Hiring and tile Soriioune
iiy ’l‘tirnyp Green" witlicrimtnonts i‘m .
the “we”, Cave “murmurs” Turning from l'iib‘tlill'cil to writing
Students will read from Edgar “0 him“ punusmnghm mmsmm’s
Lao Mama,” "Spoon “Ivor Anumh in French and English. ills books
rm,“ wmch, a5 umnuunmw,mum“ have lieenucclaiincdiiymunypoople.
ug gravestone cpituplis rovouls, . . '
that life in not always peaceful and mm M,” be available "H "mm"-
simple in the libraries“ small town and “mum” talks and (“Housmuns
prwuﬁad “mam”, to "M, W} during afternoons and evenings; his,
Son It" include gentle authors or "writings are spent in writing. lie
lihglish Department faculty aria is especially interested in contem-
cinssr'omn situations. porary lndirui thought, philosophy
A laculty-student coffee hour wil' and religion and in Gandhi and Ta-
follow the program. 80W:

 

Kenneth Crowiord

    
 

   
    
     
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
 
     
  
      
     
      
  
  
   
 
 
        
             
            
     
    
       
           

militias:rhinitis‘hyr Two Journalists to Discuss Policy 

the Johnson Administration’s pol-~
icies and thinking on the accelerating
Vietnamese War. iiar'dy willpreseut
the view that the United States'pr'es-
once in Vietnam'is disasterous and
unfortunate.

CAN~YOU writ?

  
 
   
   
     
   
     
   
  
 

 

 

 

 

57

VOLx'T. No. ,2}

Classic Works in Novel 

In. an attempt to reinterpret nine "bu
classic eighteenth and nineteenth p Shednumerous amaesandre-

:anItDIAry English novels, Dr. Robert Views in “non” penmﬂcéls'.

. novau, professor of En lish at Dr.

the University, has recentlg writ- ,o'lal Donovan has served as edI-v

ten “The Shaping Vision: Imagina~ r consuuam to bath the come“

lion in the English Novel irorn Defoe UIHVGPSW PTGSS and ‘0 ‘lV-lcwl‘;

to Dickens." ian Studies.” .
The novel will be published by the

Cornell University Presson May iii. At present Dr' Donovan “.Ves m
Two chamers of me book have Slingerlands with his wife, Hope,

been published previously. The Bull his three children.

chapter on Dickens was printed in

“A Journal of Literary History” f  c 
in 1062; the chapter on Richardson 0 i once", k
appeared in “Studies in English   0 '

iterature" in 1963. H h'h

New Perspective , S F '

Dr]. Donovan, in his treatment of   

nove s by Defoe, Richardson, Field- State Fair \Ve I
. ‘ ekend will be hi h-

lilgi Ste! "9. Smonelli AUSlenr 500“, lighted by a concert by the“Chrigsty
Thackery, and Dickens has ap- Minstrels" on Friday May 20 at
preached the subject with a new 7:30 p_m, and 9:80 p’.m. Tickets
crllltﬂl perspective. for the concert will go on sale

His underlying assumption is that wed'ms‘myr May 11 l” the Perl'
these novels are to be studied as Styles at $330 for "0” SA mem'
imaginative constructs, that the “Us 3"" $50 donatlo" for SA ""3""
novelist gives form to his subject bers'
mptter in the act of imagining it. Extra buses will be provided from

The research for “The Shaping. the new campus to Page Hall for the
Image,” which was supported by coucen'
the Research Foundation of State on smumay’ the acmal m“ wm
.umversm, or New York, took ﬁve take place in the Dutch Quadrangle
years to complem. parking lot 1500 p.m. to 4:00 pm.

   
   
 

  
    
   
   
 

Organization's and 'groul's who
gvisli lto operate booths should con-
act it i‘
sralnt {1'nt the Research Mady gtdlnldcffleir: séililél'émiii
' on a unrot'talte a study of - '
the image in Victorian literature. :4?er k" swmmmg ideas 15

Dr. Donovan receiverl his Ph.D. Also there will be a meeting for
degree from Washington Unlver- all booth owners 0'1 May 12 at
sliy, St. Louis. lie also received 7:30 p.nt, in Erubncher Hall.

“5 MA, (harm The weekend will conclude with

Ulnéii be came to the University $5133: on sunday between 10:30
h '2 . ' ' ' '
fawn IKE”: ﬁf‘WV‘" “"1" 0“ “‘9 Students interested lngolngshould

A 3' 0 '°“'9 universulirmmca- sign up on lists that will be posted
in each dormitory, Draper and the
Pcristyles on May 9.

The lists will be collected May ll.
The picnic and thc box lunch will
free.

Rcccivus Grant
Dr. Donovan has recently received

Publishes Article
During the past eight yearsltehas
been a regular contributor to "Vic-
torian Bibliography." lie has also 1),,

Southeast Asia Today

venue at the World." Each of the debaters will open

with a ten to fifteen minute state-
"Nownwaoh" Columnist mortt followed b l
‘ y a rebuttal from
Kenneth Crawford is a highly re- his opponent. Then questions from

spccted columnist ltll' the weekly '

news utagnzitie, “Newsweek,” and  "0%: my be allowed' The de'

also is a contributor to many other e w an _ WM! 3 summauon by

inaga‘nihes. in addition he has made each speaker. President of Forum

[SIGVL‘lrl {rips tu Asiil on fact find-r of Politics, llurold Lynne will mori-
l r m s ' ' '
5 "' “""r (ti'ute the debate on the mostct‘ucinl

“and K0,“, “Hwy ,3 ,, noted issue our nation faces today.
iroo-luiice reporter photographer
who has covered and been in con-
iiir:ls rill river the worltisiltce World

. . A I
Will‘ ll. At various tiitloslloilasiiouo
work for “Look,” “Time, Inc."t.‘utd
NllC. Within the lilal year- he lui's
been to Vietnam, ’l‘liailnnrlunanm-

litirliu, doing 'iilms and gathering
(acts.

‘ Accelerating War
Crawford will proepnt and defend

