 
     

    
 
 
 
  

 

 

i

 

l
i
.1
é
,
i
3

 

Siail.. .. .

 

cry. IO, l9“ '

 

 

 

 

FIRST MY Reconner James THE Peace snoop,- THEN He “WED
Tue UNtTAIMN Ciichu; THEN HE a‘omeo THE FREEDOM Cou~ciL,-
‘THEN HE savour A GUiTAR; THEN HE GREw A BEARD; THEN
His Homes MADE. HIM stow: THE stamp OFF.

Yea Apathy

We hate to have to discuss apathy in
these editorial columns but we feel that
the situation has arisen that merits this.

Everyone knows that apathy exists on
campus. they just have to look at most
of the activities: newspaper. radio sta-
tion, student government, etc.

The year the problem seems to be
acute for some reason. Almostevery ac-
tivity has had a chronic lack ofworkers.
The reasons for this are numerous.

Activities Day seems to be an inade-
quate method of introducing the freshman
class to the various activities and in-
ducing them to join.

Another factor is lack of emphasis
given to campus activities. During the
Summer Planning Conference very little
attention was given to activities. It seems
that in recent years academics on cam-
pus has taken the place of everything
else. .

We realize that the main reason for
coming to college is to get an education.
However, a university that concerns
itself just with the academics will be—
come a university that is dull and full of
“ ivory-towered bunglers."

We do not know what the answer to
this problem is. \\'e have been trying all
semester to recruit a staff but have
failed, and as a result. we are now
forced to reduce our Friday issue to
four pages.

if support for the activities on campus
does not increase we will find ourselves
with few organizations and the quality
of those existing very poor.

Bouncﬂ Needed

In March of last year representatives
from seven area schools met to lay the
framework for the Capital District In—
tercollegiate Council. The purpose of
this council was to coordinate the activi-
ties of the participating colleges.

This would involve publicity for var—
ious events occurring on the different-
campuses and the possible co-sponsor—
ing of activities by these schools.

Since the first few meetings of the
council nothing has been done and the
interest in the project seems to have
flickered out. i

We regret that this happened because
we feel that many benefits could be de—
rived from such a council by each of the'
participating schools.

The council could become a forum. as
the “Siena News" called it, “for the
exchange of ideas, with which to improve
various aspects of student government
and student life."

It would also allow students on one
campus to know what is going on on
another campus.

We hope that Central Council will at-
tempt to revive interest in this inter-
collegiate conference and that it will
become a working reality in the near
future.

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY "It
BY THE CLASS OF Wll

 

 

 

The Albany' Student Frau It a smut-woolin tll'wipui’m' published by the student body ol thu Strin- University at New York
at Albany. The ASP oiiicu, locoicd in Room 5 of Broluachor Hall at 750 Stain Street, is open from/le PH“. Sunday through
Thursday nights. The ASP may be tcrichod by dialing ilJtl‘doJl at 472-7283-

JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
"drier -U\'Clilﬂ

RAVMOND.A.MCCLOAT-
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor

JUDY JAWlTZ

Technical Supervisor

DON OPPEDISANO
Associate Sports Editor

PATRICIA L. SIPLO
Foulwu Editor
LARRY EPSTEIN
Ail: Editor
n’Al.TER POST
Pi otcgropliy Editor
MARGARET DlJNl.Al’
N W: tor

lzlLEEN MANNING
Sonlcr Editor

SANDRA ROSENTHAL
usinoss Manager
ROBERT STEPHENSON
Photography Editor
NANCY FELTS
Associate Editor

CHARLENE M. 
Public Relations Editor

Dink Editors... ..

 , ., . Lorraine Bola", Sim Clinpu, Kiuteri Hunted
Allistont Business Mcnogor .... .. .

, Michael Purdy
. Cynthia Goodman, Malcolm Provost, Richard Kale,
Mark Cunningham, Nancy Miudunbauer Suit Stolger,
Barbara Blodgett, Bob Weiiger, Bill Schrlltman,
Linda Bregmoit, John Sprols, Stove Curli

 

 

 

Columnists ...................................... .. Dlunu Soinurville, Siuvo Walter, Harry Nnctiuls, Douglas Rbtligeli,

Douglas Uplmin, Bob Merritt
Photographs” Tau Moon Ln, Luwil Tichlor, Stuart Lupert
All communications must be addressed to tho udttors and should be signed. Connnunicntioiu should be limited to 300'
word: and art sublet! to editing. The Albany Student Press olluinns no responsibility lor opinions oxprnuud In ltl col-
umn or cciiiiiiunicnticiu or loch olptallloni do not nccuuorily reflect in views.

 

' by D. Gordan Uphpm

~La’st- week’s column dealth with
the requirements of guerflla war-_
fare. These requirements differ
from those of more conventinll

warfare because the aims of guei'ills

warfare differ from those of con-
ventional warfare.

Conventional wars are fought
mainly for the acquisition of terri-
tory, regardless of whether it is
going to be kept after the conﬂict is
Won. Thus, during the Second World
War, Allied forces advanced across
Europe, “capturing” territory from
the retreating Germans.

At almost any point during the
course of the Second World War,
one could draw a relatively clear
line which designated the area of
battle and separated the territory
controlled by each side. When ter-
ritory was captured, it remained in
the hands of the capturer without
much effort or troop occupation.

Guerilla warfare, on the other
hand, is not fought mainly for terri-
tory. The goals of the guerllla are
political. lle wishes to gain the sym-
pathles and allegiances ofthepeople
and to harass the enemy.

Political Goals

Gaining the sympathies of the
people allows the guerilla to mo-
bfllye the entire population of the
country in the war against the enemy.
If the entire population is opposed
to the enemy, there is little chance
of the enemy winning the war or
establishng any lasting control over
the population.

If the enemy is harassed at every
point in the war, his communications
and supplies interrupted, and his
troops given low morale and a
sense of hopelessness, he will find
it extremely difficult to wage any
sort of aneffective campaign against
the guerillas.

The Viet Cong illustrate the po-
litical nature of guerilla war and
its virtual indifference to firm con-
fl'Ol of territory. The Viet Cong
have repeatedly refused to defend
territory when their troops are out-
numbered or when the cost in men
and supplies would be too great.

v . -. ‘Ptillfml eiais, 
'- 5:. :2‘siiiisfiiiiiiiiii- eifiiiiiiiiiain;  ‘

They have constantly retreated when
, faced by any large numbers of 0.8.
troops, . . .

A

No Bottle Lino .

Since gust-lilo warfare is char-1

,acierizedby.’ s- tie-emphasis on con-u

trol of territory, there can exist no
definite or-po'rmsnoni “front” or
line .of battle. The guerllla cannot
allow a front to exist, for this would
allow the enemy to concentrate his
efforts in a certain area to defeat
the guerillas.

The conﬂict in South Vietnam il-
lustrates the lack of a front. There
have never been any lines drawn to
delineate areas of control in the
conventional sense. There have been
lines drawn to designate areas of
Viet Cong strength and influence,
but the Viet Cong have refused .to
defend these areas with any per-
severance when they are attacked.

No Guerlllo Headquarters
U. S. troops also find itexfremely
difficult to hold any area after ithas
been wrested from the Viet Cong.
The Viet Cong sltnply re-inffltrate
after their enemy has moved most
of its forces to another area.

The Viet Cong have also followed
the typical guerllla pattern ofhavliig
no center of activity or provisional
capital. If they claimed a provisional
capital somewhere in South Vietnam,
it would be quickly captured by their
enemy, at a great psychological
loss to the guerilla’s cause.

It must be realized that the pc-
liiical goals of the gucrilla are
eventually supposed to reach apolni
in which almost the entire popula-
tion is opposed to the enemy of the
guerillas.

When this point is reached, the
guerllla must regularize his forces
or use the entire population as an
army to eject or destroy the enemy.
If the Viet Cong reach this point in
South Vietnam, South Vietnam would
become an enemy country, and the
United States would become a foreign
aggressor.

 

COMMUNICATIONS i

Obligations Unfulfilled

To the Editor:

As a student-faculty publication,
the ASP is supposed to relate inat-
tors of importance to the student
and faculty. This is an obligation
which is not always fulfilled. Such
was and is the case of overcharging
students for books and food at this
universlh.

Several months ago it was dis-
closed that students at the SUNY ill
Albany. the SL‘C at New Pnltz, and
the SUNY at Buffalo were being
overcharged for books and food.
The students at Albany were not
informed of this situation.

At both New Palm. and buffalo
action was taken due to an active
school newspaper and student asso-
ciation. At New l’nliz. students are
getting it  reduction in food -
part of their board-starting this
(illill‘lvl'.

.-\t lluifulii there were SllIlllill‘ rc-
<|uciitin~.. Why hasn’t any action ifikcii
place at Album. anilwln linveiioi the
students bccii informedtifilussftun-
inin .' l Iiu.o enclosed one oftlic first
llu\\'\||'d|)el' articles regarding the
iiici‘i'lini'ging iii students at [hone
three schools.

1 am sure flint once this situation
becomes common kiniwlciigc those
in charge will render a solution to
the problem.

Mlchclc Golfnkci‘

(Elll’l‘Oli’S NO’I‘l-J: Storms on the
FSA ovci'churgliig students on books
and food were the lead niorfusinthu
November 5 and October 29 issues
of the ASP).

Sing Choice Criticized

To the Editor,

A very factual report of the Holi-
day Sing was included in the last
issue of the ASP (dated Friday,
December 14, lOGﬁ—n unto which
is another example of the criti-
cisms which Miss lilller expressed

in that issue).

I would like to consider for a
moment the report of Potter Club’s
rendition of "Sommerset Glouces-
ter Wassall.” This sotig certainly
did come “as a marked contrast
to the predominantly solemn songs
which preceded it..."

I would, however, like to know
how this sentence was supposed to
end, since the conclusion was left
out in the ASP. Did it end "and if
was appret:lated';"'

If this was the conclusion, [would
suggest that it be qualified and
amended to read “and it was ap-
preciated by some." Although this
song Would have been npproprtalc
in another type of program, I hopi-
that including if in a program of
such significance as the lliilidui
Sing is not considered one it! tho
inipi'uveiiieins lll our expainhngum-
vei'sify.

Even if one did noi object in
including this type of snug iii a
performance traditionally and
reasonably consisting of not neces-
snrfly “solemn” songs, lllll cur-
ininly appropriate songs. i should
hope that he would object to Poi-
ter's presentation of ii.

if is difficult to criticize the cun-
tenf of this song, sincc wliiitcvcr
meaning or musical .ulue it might
have find was lost in itspooi‘ prc-

sculntinn by l'otlui‘.
Linda l.inilcriiuui

Batman is Low Camp

To the Editor:
liiituuui Is an oxumpleuf luv. i'tllllli’
pn~i~lbly intentional camp, butnover
high camp. An example oilnult ( limp
would be sold gold, swan-shaped
bathtub faucets.
John Gilbert

    

 

infants, must be pronounced “well made.“ But it strikes this reviewer as

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
 

by James F. Eddy

The owls are booting by the Convent of the Sacred llearti Beneath an
emblem (page one) of what appears to be a potted owl lies the fail publica-
tion of. “Primer” poetry. All Dryden fans are sure to take an old-fashioned
Restoration fainting spell when they read the curious blend of fluffy Ro-
manticism, silliness, and obscuranilsm that some of the poetry offers.
Using a line from one of the poems in the slender collection to character-
ize their creators, they are “children in a plush forbidden gallerv.”
There are, however, many good things about “Primer” besides the cover
by Wilson.

Kathleen Niles is prominent among them. She has all the earmarks of
an iambic primn donna. ller Loveuhclm poem, like most French new born

merely another coiiVentional handling of a played out theme. Poets who
insist on playing with the toy of childhood innocence versus adult society
are most often read by \vinsome nums and retired prostitutes suffering
remorse. The frailing-clouds-of—glcry stuff loses much of its charm
served up to a world supposedly plroueitiug on the edge of an Existential
abyss.

"In Another Spring” is a much better poem by Miss Niles. if is an
abbreviated Pruirock monologue with traces of that most famous l'lnk’s
despair over communication and traces of Eliot’s diction. And tier “Plush
Forbidden Gallery” is the high—point of “Primer” poetry. If is original,
prophetic, dynamic, and a credit to her obvious talent.

 
  
    

  
 
  
  

Lana Noury’s “Moods of a Go Go Girl" is an intriguing paragraph poem     

that looks at first like a prose translation of Baudelaire. It is revealing,
gutsy, entrancing like the girl in the title, and like the same girl, reflects
the hysterical disuontent of modern life.

I. - ' ' 9 .
The three poems by Judith \Volf illustrate her exquisite taste for words.    ’8    '

She is capable of an Amy Lowelllsh finesse, as in ilie exciting “The Old
Theme.” And her timing and precise diction help her own poetry and
“Primer” “in toto” from being an incoherent wall ofamafeurlshness.
Eleanor Jacob’s "City" - a bitter, vivid attack on the Industrial Revo-
lution - makes an enjOyable and vibrant poem.

Lorraine Kapral’s “Laugh With Me, Raggedy Ann” is a witty, grotesque Willi; ill the Picture to Oifeild NEW-
and shocking octet. Beneath the ironic tone lies the ageless and futile one. I SUlJlJOSG 1" 501m? Wily that
attempt at laughing suffering off the stage of human experience. Miss indicates if has Universal appeal.
Kapral, nevertheless, is successful on paper. Actually the ail-men are not far

Harold L. Noakes, Jr. is a noteworthy rival of the poetesses mentioned “‘0'” the 11'1"“. [01‘ T0"! Rlcllal‘d-
so far. 1115 "A Magic Would Be Strong” is inesmeric, resonant with 5011's “1195‘ “11" L93 l'l'mal. zllll‘ﬁ-
modest reverberations of the British “beach” poets. “SR-1065” with 5W9 hill 815“ iel‘l‘lbly CI‘UUG Siltil‘e
its opening line “The cable cars continue, and the hills" is the work of 0“ the America"funeral“lildllSU‘ll."
someone cognizant of realiiy outside of Draper llall. If is substantially and 0“ everything “'0”! POHUCS to
very modern (like Miss NUUI‘)"S poem) and makes me think of Ginsberg the l'lOIIYWUOU 890 Jungle 10 Ame!"-
and Le Roi Jones, though I don’t know why. If Noakes’ own “Young Sun” 103" materialism Md glillllllllllﬂ
is like this, n is well worth paying cash for. There are even a few Juicy Side

Anthony Frank shows a sensibility for the metricalline, but liis imagery ts‘rpgs flu“ “'25: “3‘12? 12”}? ah—
needs working on. His "Poem Number Three” is uverlong and under- 8 es an '6 em My L0 “mus'
styled, but conspicuously sincere-always a shocking and delightful fruit.
"The Happy Song” by Ken Rosenberg is an unusual, prismatic, insolent I,
continent on life that makes a vital poem. Steve Curti’s "Flight" is an
intense, cardiograplilc sort of tlilng'with an undercurrent of masochism
that, paradoxically, gives it most of the strength it has as a poem. “The
Mist Caucasian" by Fred DeFilippo, in spite of the chancy, floating
images, moves rapidly and eniertafnfy over a theme about history.

Then there is "Tile Disordered Spring” of Mister Mynt Green. Re-
freshing and colorful as his name is, this poetry comes off as rather
John Smithlsh. And the seventy-seven footnoes are more anuoyingthun
common poison ivy. Is the long poem another “Waste Land" or a mere
“ridiculus mus?” Those who like their poetry myfliy will enjoy Green.
Personally, I blancli.

“Primer” poetry may be pulyglof, variegated, lielicr-skeltcr-much
like this university — but It says impuriani filings.’l‘hlngsfhntnre
unutterable in prose. Look and scc.

by Douglas Rothgcb

The ads for "The Loved One”
loudly proclaim that there is some-

Highly Conspicuous
“'l‘he Loved One" is not a
particularly notable film, it is at
least highly conspicuous. The story
basically concerns a youugEugllsb-
man (Robert Morse) who becomes
involved with Whispering Glades
Memorial Park because of the sui-
cide of an uncle (John Guilgud) re—
cently fired from a llollywcod studio.

Once at Whispering Glades, the
hero meets Miss Thanniugones
(.lliﬂjelie Comer), the beautiful cos—
meiician of the Gothic Slumber
Robin.

lle falls madly in hive number, but
she rcsisis his advances because

0
   slic fours lhc beiicvolout Blessed
llcvci'cnd (Jonathon Winters) Would
D f d R bl. P ‘ (llelpiil'UVi', he being the ci'cufni'

of this lililc lilll'flillse. Matters get
by Dr. Robert Ricnow

'I'lii‘ I'llllllli’ u( i/.. l.’.-,n.l./i..;i. l'illll in limb. l /, Inn...“ .\... lii!/,:

Thi' \l‘li lifll’lli iin / III/ill) I'm/i ~ i‘li

Elections are \icwoil likc a bust wreck-unit. in tho illll’L‘ that follows:-
we, as a people cunfuscilly ask: "\i‘licit- wci-c \ve‘.“\\’h:ii «lid we do.

over if clip of lllnl'l\ cuffcc liobcrt .1. Donovan ll'lfth lii i'cciuisii‘ucf
and i'eti'ucc the wild cvcnis of tho clcciinn nl Jun-l and extract flicii'
meaning for the defeated Republican Party. Ilc iiiics this inu sliin
volume called “The l"l|ilil‘e ill the Republican Party” publishiin iii the
New American Library of New York at $3.07..

To anyone who liiis llvcil wifh the frustrations ill wilting, [Il'lltlllli|’,,
printing and distributing, ibis book is something iii if publisliiin: mm \cl.
It C(ivoi's events to the November GlL‘t'llUllH and beyond and int lii‘ill‘h n
1901] copyright. 'l‘liis spot-ii may be Ill’tlillillltillllll)’ lil'illlilllili‘ but illi‘l'i'
\Vns, olivunisly, not much time for .Sl'l'liillh i‘cflcciiiiii, llli'lillt'llllll‘,
SCIllL‘llL’C ill the llllillf lh "'l‘lic licpubllrmi pni'iy llilh“itlu'lllliitlﬂllli
shuttering time, but II is not shantci-crl." \‘ui, in-ni'iln-cn-Iiif ilic
volume on page lll’l l)Uilti\llli point.» (till limi: “l-oi' Milllf' fiiin» llI ruini-
the party will bc foo iliiiilcil iii Inc nblc iii lll',l'f‘i‘ fill it |il‘(t|‘,|lll|l ili.if
would Iinic u strung Ilillliiiflll :ippcnl."

If fill dcpcnils illl wlmf lIllt' |l"',lll'il.\ lljui H II
sues llllll' pi'ubnbiiiiy Ini :1 Republican \ltliil“. llI itimi. lint. iillliglfiihi‘l
culiiiu is full buried on itt‘t'lllilulll but on an Zlhhf'h’hlllt'lli lIl llf‘,|llllill('l|ll
\Vouknoss at tho “1'1th l'titil\ lcwl. linumuu pi'iipui'li (“Hilliard/[35 lliu
Slgllli'iculicu iii lilﬁ‘ull' itilif'u liiililni's :ii the ulnic flllil Iiii'ul li'ltlilh fit 
vigor of a national llitl‘ll. ’I‘Iiii biases lll [',|l\’i‘l’|l|li'hlll|llf. illltl ibi- stall;
legislative (lGlillllS Ihuf \vi-in nliiiip, \\llll iln» (iiililwittci‘ouliiicln will more
reconstruction of tho Grand Old l’ui'ly indiiius iiiiil illhi‘iililiiillllit.

Snell fl prospect is, think}. liiniuvun, unliii'iiunifc liecnusc iiic iiocil at
this crfflcni moment is for nitoppositionpiii'tvin help hmnmci uni publii
policy. To this i'cvu-wci' litillllt'lll filliiiiHlllltli, in be in i‘lll’idllllllll: till-flutt—
est, must be founded on lliill‘u than it i‘iliilll‘ll) foifciu) ilil'ilil'lbd'lli'.
Maybe the sumo fiii'cos flint tend to control ihc politicalthought Ei so
win landslides of Hit: polls, and “shutter” opposition lifllllfih. \\lin wig
need to do is to rcpivcnnfc ihc whole political process. Moiiiii to llllflllll}
resuscitation of n pnchydei'in llll\_\ not be this most clfccllvc mull tor J)
giving Vitality to the process. if may be iiWilliiiill\Vilhie‘(;l new]:

Oil the other hand, If llic liopubllcnn piu‘ly can find if misis ill)“ nn
Looliinvur to loud it, it may deserve fill the concein whim onovnii

' i lilli
nuglliﬁcloB illhllﬁidlglwns written spooilily it l'illi bu Fund in thc Ruffle-3'23];
It is, however, worth while lit slow down when: tho illlllrlill ,1 il‘lllllilltz u“id
Journalist, draws deeply on his iinrivnlicii oxpniioiuo in in. g .

i":.linlicicil” puiii. liiiiiiivun

  
  
  

AUDITION-S WERE HELD this past week for "Gypsy," a State
University Theatre production.

complicated because it so happens
than an effemluate embalmei'numed
Mr. Joyboy (Rod Steiger) is also
madly in love with her.

Revolving around this grotesque
love triangle are half a dozen sub-
plots, the most interesting of which
is the lilessed Revcreiid’s scheme
to “get these stills off my property”
and turn Whispering Glades into a
money-making home for senior citi-
ZCIlS.

“The Loved One" isdeflnlfelynoi
a picture for the squeamish. The
following scenes are typical of the
unpleasant goings-on: Mr. Joyhoy
amuscs himself by cuntorfiug the
facial features of his “cases” into
hideous expressions; The young
Englishman, working for a dog
cemetery, callously dumps a dead
animal info a freezer to preserve
if; a smiling coffin sales (Liberace)
tells the Englishman that the jacket
worn by the deceased is cut open in
back because the stiffness of the
limbs prevents a comfortable fit

“The Loved One" does not fall
because if is not witty or rabid
enough. It does not luck that flair
for lusty wickedness that made
"Tom Jones" such a delight. Nor
is if unfunny, for there are scorcsol
iii-cashing when the comedy is up-
i-mii-iiius and ingciiionslypui across.

ch throughout the film one gets
the distinct and rather unpleasant

impression illill Mr. Richardson is
(lclilii-intcly
ihc [itillil iii l'(‘\‘lllSlUll. ()uc

pushing liic issue in
cannot

 
 

   
 
  
   
 
  
   
    
 
  
 
 

 
  
 
   
  
  

 
    
 
 
   

  
    
    
   

  
 
    
   
   
     
     

 

   
 
   

make an audience laugh at the some

time one is making it sick and one

cannot hope to have an audience

accept the premise of a film if that ,
audience rejects the film itself.

That is what Mr. Richardson has

failed to realize. ills entire treat-
ment of his material is too callous,
too irresponsible. ills satire does
not sting but lifts like the blow of
a sledge; it is labored and pon-
derous. llence much of what could
have been wildly fuiiuy has only
the effect of shock.

Superior Acting

One of the factors that make this
film worth seeing, and it is worth
seeing, is superior acting. Robert
Morse is fine as the impish young
man and Anulette Comer makes an
auspicious debut as the idealistic
cosmetlcian. Especially outstanding
are Jonathan Winters in the double
role of the Blessed Reverend and the
Revcrend's uo-accounf brother and
Rod Sieigci' as the warped Mr. Joy~
boy. leeracc, beautifully cast as a
casket salesman, is also veryeffec-
five.

I do not meantoimply by Bill have
said that life ovci‘all message of
"The Loved One" should have been
famed or watered down, for a tepid
satire is no more invigorating to
the mind than lukewarm coffee in
a paper cup is to the taste. Mr.
Richardson has said plenty in this
film and i do not object so much to v
what he has said us to how he has
Sillll li.

 

ALBANY ARMORY

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21,1966 at 8:00 P. M. ~

All Seats Reserved: $3.00, 3.50, 4.00, 4.50

On Sale: Blue Note Records - Miller’s Music, Troy; Van Curier's, Schenectady
Mail Reservations: Tod Bayly, 74 Eagle Street, Troy, N. Y.

 

ovplunntlons.

_ . - “A..w_n-:'.~—l ~r— '

El

=?;.',

‘<.'

. o - <.-.-. l =

 

 

 

 

 

 

.;:
‘t.
,.
l

 

 

 

