  
    

  

 

 '.
,l,

 

  
 
 

track's. 8

 

 

 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
     
  
  
 
   
  
  
  

As most of you know, The Raffle
has been put aside for awhile, be-
cause sections 1370 and 1374 of the
New York State Penal Code state that
a rafﬂe is a lottery, and lotteries
are illegal in the State.

It has' been suggested that most
private organizations have had nu_-
merous raffles in the past and will
continue to have them in the future.
Because the law is entirely ignored,
by most, 'why can't the Greeks do
the same?

The answer should be obvious.
One’ cannot expect a state institu-
tion to sponsor an activity which
the State has outlawed. The Uni-

 

 

 

. . want to pay for it. Likewise, the ac-
   quisition of art work should be financed
. by student dorm dues.

We would suggest that FSA expand
its student membership and meet sev-
eral times during the year. This should
guarantee a better expression of student

opinion and keep the faculty-student—
administration membership from being
a rubber stamp for the actions of the
Board of Directors.

Registratinn commended

The Registrar’s Office is to be com—
mended for finally considering the stu-
dents wishes in planning this semes-
ter’s pre-registration procedures. This
is exemplified by the return to the
highly popular first-come. first—served
system. and in the fact that the card
desks will be open from the first day of
advisement. as well as being open for
two nights a week for the first time.

This is especially commendable as
the Registrar’s Office made a complete
change of plans and abandoned adoption
of an alphabetical system after hearing
student suggestions, and a consensus of
student opinion. at the October 18 meet-
ing of Central Council. where students
felt an alphabetical system would be
unfair both to upperclassmen and to those
students who make it a point to pre-
register early in order to obtain certain
courses.

Although this system of pre-regis—
tration is not new. we feel (in view of
the fact all students must register. at
some time. whether by alphabet or shoe
size) that the registrar has been more

The newly released auditor’s reportis
filled with a wealth of information that
every student should know. It describes
the financial activities of the corpora-
tion that spends all of the student’s
money after tuition and fees are paid,
the Faculty-StudentAssociation, SUNYA ,
Inc.

Food Service is. to quote George
Brewer, the chief administrator of FSA.
“the big money-maker” for the cor-
poration. From Food Service a profit
of $275,808.73 was made.

This profit enables FSA to involve
itself in a host of real estate ventures

and other activities which are far from
the money’s original purpose — buying
some student a decent meal.

Last year a number of state officials
questioned the profit made by FSA.
This year FSA has reduced its yearly
profit by instituting a pension program
which should have been instituted years
ago. Because it wasn’t. the students
are paying $150,000 over a two year
period to make up the back payments
on the program.

Many of the expenses of FSA are
totally justified - depreciation. legal
fees. taxes. etc. But many of the ex-
penses are undertaken for the good of
the student body or of the University
with no attention paid to student opinion.

Last year FSA purchased a piece of
property adjoining Dippikill without wait-
ing for the results of a student ques—
tionnaire which would indicate whether
the students wanted to develop the ex- than fair in trying to meet student
isting property. wishes until such time as it has been

Faculty housing is a good idea. but.proven that this system is no longer
it is questionable whether the students effective.

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY l916

 

BY THE CLASS OF i918

 

 

The Albany Student Press is a semi-weakly newspaper published by the Student Association oi tho Stole University of
New York ol Albany. Tho ASP office, located in Van Ronssoloor Hall at l223 Wostorn Atlantic. is open lrom7100 o.m. to
11x00 p.m. Sunday through Thursday nights or may be ruochod by dialing 457-3604 or 457-8605-

MARGARET DUNLAP
Editor-in-Chicf

LlNDA DUF T Y
Fooluro Editor

KEN BERNSTEIN
Associate Editor

STUART LUBERT
Photography Editor

KAREN KEEFER

Elocutivo Editor

RAYMOND MCCLOAT
Sports Editor

DONALD OPPEDISANO
Allocioto Sports Editor

BRUCE KAUFMAN
Advertising Monogor

JOSE PH 5| LVERMAN
Executive Editor

Stall...

SARA KlTTSLEV
News Editor

LINDA V N PATTEN
Tochnico Supervisor

GARY SCHUT.TE
Business Manager

EDITH HA RDY
Executive Editor

.Jill Pornlir. Lindo Bordon, Linda Miller, Modoloino Schnabel, Margaret Carrol, Robert Curly, John Cromin,

orl Lind-moon, Nancy Foils, Ailoon Kroaty, Colliorlno Nosso, Ed Koz, omcs Winslow, Duncan Nlrron,
Michool Nolin, Michool Connoly, Joy Doonohon, Nancy Lohmon. Morlr Cunningham, Gory Rostlio, Poror
Peter Goldberg, Tom Myles, Joo Cardomnno, Glsnn Saplr, Bob Chamberlain, Honk Rabnowlir, Sue Archoy

Columnlsts..............................Joloph Nicoltri, Sherman Richards, Ellis Kaufman, Victor Cohan, Harry Nuckois Robor ﬂorkln
igar Koroluir, Mory Groin

 

Cortooni‘“ Don Logo, Frud luoks

All communications must b- oddruud to the Idllors and should he slgnod. Communications should be limited to 300
words and are subject to editing. Tho Albany Student Press assumes no responsibility for opinions “pr-sud in Its coi-
columns and communications as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its views.

“

 

 

versity is as sorry as the Greeks
are to discover this but the Greeks
are only putting the idea aside for
awhile because they still have one
main hope, the vote in the referen-
dum this November for the State
lottery, which would change thelaw.

Another course of action being

pursued is the submission of a let-_

ter to the Attorney General through
the administration, asking for his
opinion. If neither of these are
effective the raffle idea will be
dropped completely.

Obviously, this puts a big dent in
Greek hopes for fund-raising ac-

tivities. Now the Greeks are faced'

with the prospect of having to put
in a great deal of time and effort
which the raffle would not have re—
quired. In spite of this minor set-
back which can be viewed as a test
of inner strength and fraternal spir-
it, the problem will be solved.

On the brighter side, a fine group
of pledges have been admitted and
the Greeks are very proud of them.
A total of 81 women have joined
Greek life and they are Beta Zeta:
Olga' Bachorik, Patricia McKeon,
Theresa Barbarosa, Mary Blumen-
stock, Christine Kazlmir, Elaine
Kiuber, Kathy Mitchell, Cindy Wil-
liams.

Comment

in run-naisrnmnvnies '
' Sororities Announce New Pledges

by Jon Nlccotrl

Chi Sigma Theta: Linda Gaivls,
Joanne Everett, Mary Pat Hohman,
Sally Jaworski, Diane Bobselene,
Barbara Branca, Mary Campbell,
Barbara Gordon,
Joyce Speigelman, Betty Spinelli.

Kappa Delta: Kathleen Knorr,
Mary Simeone, Cynthia Yacavone,
Gale Youtzy, Diane Camp, Linda
Chase, Czaplinskl, Judith, Barbara

Denison, Nancy Moore, Carol Van'

Why, Wanona Winfr‘ey.

Gamma Kappa Phi: Patricia Spec-
tor, Kileen Tracy, Lauren Miller,
Lynn Nudelman. Nancy Nudelman,
Gerry Plogar, IsabeII-Skutnik, Alex-
is Smith.

Phi Delta: Linda Anderson, Scap-
patlcci, Betty Wepy, Elouise Blac-
chi, Mary Cavanaugh, Linda Com-
isar, Pat Furey, Diane Gaillpeo,
Kathi Gotthelf, Sara Klugman, Bar-
bara Markatos, Roz Poderycki, Pol-
ly Stevens, Dale Rasmussen.

Sigma Alpha: Donna Smolenski,
Joan Wilbur, Linda Phaff, Ellen
Rogers, Vicki Tisdale, Lois Tyler,
Polly Lloyd;

Psi Gamma: Jeanne Flynn, Fran-
ces Ganci, Gail Knetzer, Ann Can-
taloupo, Susan Cuje, Priscilla Den-
hy, Kathleen Goodman, Jill Jordan,
Elizabeth Mitchell, Janice Nestuk,
Jeanne Russell, Siv Sandburg, Pa-
tricia Stafford, Ellen Tolkoff, Mar-
garet Velardi.

Sigma Phi Sigma: Diane Bova,

,Marti Burns, Jo Lynn Wein, Rise

Wolman, Diane Decker, Shelley Go-
iinker, Linda Seufert.

The brothers of Kappa Beta have
announced that due to the article in
the ASP awhile ago about f‘Play-
boy" being so conspicuously miss—
ing from the University library’s
shelves, they have decided to donate
a year‘s‘ subscription of the maga-
zine to the library so that those who
feel that "Playboy" goes hand in
hand with classroom studies can
have their wish.

Wrestling Fans’ Facial Expressions
Show Potential Powers (it Hate

by Victor Cohen

Last Saturday night at 8:30 pm.
the only light on in the Troy Ar-
mory was a spotlight directly above
the wrestling ring in the center of
the floor. The crowd.'was hushed.
into the rink walked “Moose” Cho-
lak. The crowd hissed, booed, and
cheered. The "Mouse" is about six
feet four, weighs 950 pounds, and is
ugly and mean looking.

The woman in back of me kept
yelling, “Break his neck. Break
his neck." She had her eight-year-
old-son with her. lie was so terri-
fied that he didn't even watch. Tire
old man in the top row yelled also,
“Kill the bastard. Kill the bastard."
This was the most fun he’d had
since the last fight with his wife.

Into the other side of the ring
stepped the "Mongol." lie is five
feet ten and weighs about one hun-
dred and ninety pounds.

introductions to Roioroo

After the introductions by the
referee, the two performers then
proceeded to put on the phonith
display of “wrostling” that We
over soon. It was so obvious that
everything was rehearsed that only
a fool would cheer. Yet the audience
was screaming for blood.

Suddenly the "wrungow throw the
"Moose" out of the ring. A lady at
ringside storied boating "Mouse"
over the hand with her pocketbook.
lie was so frightened he jumped
back Into the ring to “wrestle”
some more. Finally, after it half
hour of agony (for me, not the
wrestlers), the referee awarded the
decision to the “Moose.”

During the intermission between
bouts I noticed a group of boys
imitating the behavior which they
had just seen. A policeman came
and broke up the right. I heard one
of the boy's mothers yell, “Lei
Johnny fight. ilii him, Johnny. llit
him.”

The next act into the ring was a
pair of grotesque midgets. They
:jumpled around the ring while the
fans again cheered wildly. I didn’t
feel as sorry for them as I felt for
that ei rill-year-old boy cowering in
fear wrlie ills mother jumped up
and down, caught up in the exalte-
ment of the'“fight."

I turned around and looked at the
faces in the stands. Their expres-
sions were so readable as to be
frightening. It suddenly occurred
to me how detached from reality
these people must be. They mus!
have know that the fight waspholmy,
but they kept on cheering.

Closed Minds

People like this must be every-
where. They know something is
false, but given a chance to un-
leash their aggression they close
their minds to Ihe truth and be-
corno instruments of their- inherent
malevolence. They scream for blood
and shout. for action, taking their
emotions out on the “wrestlers.”

But what if all this hate worc
channeled in one direction? It has
happened before in the form of
riots, lynch mobs,and oven armies.
I didn't believe that people WW0
really like this, but after looking
nt' their faces I know it's true.

 

Janice Miller, ,

arcs-«r. News" 1, ms? ‘   ’. .

 uracil Students A concerned, *  

   

h'Problem 0f Identity

‘ ' HM“ Chm“! ‘ politically, as far as, the men, at:
When the resident graduate stu- though they haVe set up atemporﬂrl’
dents protested the "filthy" dor- steering committee. v
mltory conditions, President C01- The grad droms, Sayies and
iins promised a speedy correction Pierce, are in the Alumni Quad.
of that situation. Within the next Because the Alumni Quad Board’s
week the grad dorms had a thor- constitution does not include any
ough cleaning. Major and minor re- jurisdiction over Sayies or Pierce
pair work has also been started. Halls, the graduate students willnot
The conditions of the dorms are be represented in their quad’s gov-
the least of the graduate students' ernment. It remains to be seen
worries. Their greatest problem whether the graduate students will
is their search for their identity be asked to take part in their quad's
in the University community. politics or if they will accept such
This is the first year that the an invitation.
administration has been involved The graduate students know least
with housing for graduate students. of all their position in the Univer-
For most of the graduate students, sity community. They are not able
this is their first year at Albany. to become members of many of the
Therefore, neither the administra- organizations on campus. The grad
tion nor the grad students are sure students, for example, have no
who is in charge. standing in Central Council whose
(as it is written in ‘Campus View-
point') "members represent eVery
area of University life...”

 

Dorm Functions
The men have set up :1 Pierce
Hall Association and have been plan-
ning severl dorm functions, such as
the open house they held last week-
end. The women have not advanced,
majority.

l
Freshmen llrganrze
Ihanksgiving Dance .hg‘l...:l::{;‘:‘:.Sittinsiilinf

ment by the grad students.

Hartley To Speak
At Tux Seminar

Donald T. Hartley, District Di-
rector of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service, Albany, will be the speaker
at the final dinner meeting of the
Federal Income Tax Seminar which
has been conducted by the School
of Business here.

The fifth and last session of the
seminar will be preceded by a re-‘
ception in the Lower Lounge ofBru-
bacher hall at 6:45 pm. tonight.
Dinner is scheduled for 7:15 p.m.,
in the main dining room.

Primary Reason
The graduate students are not be-
ginning to be admitted in the Uni-
versity government. The primary
reason is that the grad students
fear the power of the undergraduate

The freshman class will hold a
meeting tonight at 7:30 in Lecture
Room 1 or 2.Exe'cutlve Board mem-
bars for November will be an-
nounced. The present Executive
Board will give reports to the class
on the various projects the Board
has instituted.

The new board members, accom-
panied by the previous board mem-
bers, will tour the Mohawk Valley
Campus Wednesday night to inspect
the facilities for the upcoming
Thanksgiving Dance.

The Mohawk Campus is owned
and operated by the Faculty-Student
Association. Since work on the pro-
perty has not been completed and
was bought specifically for the use
of the faculty and students, it is
the responsibility of students to
provide the manpower for the im-
provement of the property. Any
students interested in working on
the Mohawk Valley Campus should
call either Mr. Jones at 472-4398
or Harry Welnsteln at Mill.

Leon Van Dyke
To Discuss

Albany Politics

Leon Van Dyke, one of the foun-
ders of The Brothers, a militant
Negro group in Albany's South End,
will speak tonight, in the Humani—
ties building at 7:30 p.m. The room
number will be posted.

Mr. Van Dyke is a neighborhood
worker for SENCAP (South End
Neighborhood Community Action
Program) and has been active inthe
recent protests over the arrest of
George Bunch, head of SENCAP.

Van Dyke is currently involved in
a protest against the Albany trade
unions - construction primarily —
and has a hearing coming up on the

para Processing

Hartley will discuss the role of
automatic data processing in pro-
cessing tax returns and its future
implications. He was named Dis-
trict Director of the Albany Dis-
trict of [RS on December 1, 1965.

Hartley held previous positions
with the Internal Revenue Service
in New York City; Hartford, Conn.
and Albuquerqe, N.M. ileisagrad-
uate of the Internal Revenue Serv-
ice's Executive Development Pro-
gram, and he holds baccalaureate
and master's degrees from the Uni-
versity of Michigan. lie is a native
of; Dunkirk.

Spring Schedule Changes

Add new sections:

OOSS-Aii 100; 3 (:l'.
(,‘ritisicm; 'I‘ 12:20, i"
SS ~202.

00i35-Ait 004A; 2 cr. ln's.; li'un—
damontals of Art; MTh 10:10-12:05;
58-184.

COOS-Ail 004B; 2 cr. ln's.; l-un-
damenials of Art; M'l‘h 10:10-lfu:05;
88-134.

0(l1l3-Ail 035; .‘l ('1'. |n's.; Intro-

hrs.; Arr
12:20—2zlﬁ;

 

subject of discrimination in trade rluciron to the Cinema; Th 7:30—
unions in early November. lie is 10:10; Dir-349.
Planning a rally to raise support lam-MA 026; :l or. in's.; gal-
for his union protest, which will he cuius II; MW’I‘h 9:05; iii-333.
held in front of the Capitol on Sun- len-MA 026; :l or. llI'S.; Cul—
duy, November 0. culus ll; MW'l‘h ii. i"; ill-217.

In his talk Tuesday night, which 2137—l’l ill; :9 (:r. lll'5.; (.‘om—

ls being sponsored by Fret-(loin parathlleligibn;'l"l‘h13-730;Dil-
Council, Van Dyke will Speak U“ the 240.

upcoming job rally, on the union’s
allegori discriminatory practices,
and on the general situation in Al-
bany. An outspoken critic of the
Democratic machine of Dan O’Con-
nell, he has been interested in stir-
ring up some protest against the
“$5” vote in Albany.

The Brothers, orgnnizerl only a
few months ago, and composed of
male, Negro, South End residents
who are, in their words, "tired and
angry," is one of Van Dyke’s big-

Cour'sus t'nnrullmi:
own-Anon)
Oflilii-Altlliill
ltiOll-MA 0lil
lilio-MA Oin
EIBU-I’L 003

Other Changes:
0100-AY 004; Add 'l‘. V. ’l‘ime
M WI“ n-nzao mm. and 0:30-7:00p.m.

zest interests. They were the mov- (53"2‘59‘ ‘

ing force behind the protests over ooqo'hN 002? 0"“‘1-59 “"19 '0

Bunch’s imprisonment without bail 7:30:3359- ‘

0,, a ,ntadememmr charge. .0090-lbll. 029; (.hungo lime to
Anyone interested in Albany poii- 7‘30'm30' q

“as, Negro molest, 0,. Job d,5_ land-Ma 022; change time to

Crimination, among other topics,
will find something of interest in
Van Dyke's talk. The meeting will

T’l‘h 6:00-7:20.
Slim-ED 21311; Add room ED-lli.

 

 

 

 

 

'Iﬂciﬂil" ,

“4 -‘ Port washington;

 

’ November

  

.Education Building,‘ starting 9:45
IOJI‘I. . r i ‘
’ November 11 - Greece Central
Schools (suburb of Rochester) -
teachers of chemistry, Spanish,
and French for January 1967, Room
236, Education Building. '

November 7 - New York State
Dept.‘of Audit and Control -seniors
with 24 or more hours ofaccountlng
upon graduation for jobs as Assis-
tant State Accounts Auditors and'
.Trainee-Examiners "of Municipal
Affairs. ‘
g ' November 7 - Mobil Oil Company
seniors with majors in: business
administration, accounting, eco-
nomics, and liberal arts job open-
ings in research, planning and fl-
nance, and marketing.

Any students interested in these
interviews should sign up in the
Placement Office, 132-115.

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
    

CRAIG SPRINGER receives the James A. Wordcn'oword for the

second year.

Supreme Court

Sophomore Springer Receives M,
. . ...::K25:A.W:""::: 
Warden Memorial Scholarship 2.... .0? .hisfpiidi... 5.3.3.1.;

by Gary Resrltu three vacancies on the court (two

Craig is a math major and a his- Juniors and 0119 50Pl10m0F9)- APP“-
tory minor who plans to become a cations are available at the Student
high school math teacher. Association Office in Ryckman Hall.
the James A. Warden Memorial This award was established by All EDDHCEHOHSmUSlbe returnedto
Fund for the second consecutive friends and classmates of James the Student ASSOC“!!an Office n0
year. A. \Varcen, a 1951 graduate of Al- later than Saturday. November 5.

Each year, the Memorial Fund bany who passed away in 1959.War- Applicants Will be notified as to
presents a two—hundred dollar den was described by his friends inleerew limes by the MYSKANIA
scholarship to an Albany State stu- as “a scholar and a‘ study in pride Screening committee. All appli-
dent who shows the financial need and concentration in the classroom‘ cants must have a 2.5 quality point
and possesses the qualities of high and a sincere participant in every aVerage to qualify for Ute Supreme
academic achievements and note— activity in which he participated." Court DOSlllonS-
worthy accomplishments in extra-
curricular activities.

Craig meets these requirements
by carrying a 2.91 academic aver-
age and participating in Central
Council, Living Area Affairs Com-
mission, varsity soccer, and wrest-
ling.

Sophomore Craig Springer has
won the scholarship presented by

Memorial Proposed

The Memorial Fund itself was
proposed and endorsed by \Varden’s
graduating Class of .51. who im_ Students having made anychanges
tiated the scholarship in 1961. Con- 1“ “"3” SChEdme 0’ 0135595 01‘10'
tributions were made from alumni, cal address: please 3° to the It“
faculty, friends, and several grad- formanc’" D9“ in the ChemiStrY
uanng classes. Building, Room 108, and correct

Athlete of the Year The fund is coordinated by the your SCthUIe card-

Last year he was captain of the Faculty-Student Corporation which, The Card 0“ me 1“ CH 108 £5
freshmen soccer and wrestling along with the Financial Aides Bur- the Primary Source or informal”-
teams, and "Freshman Athlete of eau accepts and processes all con~ Please keep 1' “filed” 3"" “p'w’
the Year)» tributions and applications. date at a“ “"195-

Schodulo Changes

Winners of the

Great Dane Caricature Contest

will he announced

in Friday’s ASP.

 

be open to any internstod people. 55575130 2139; Add room ED"13-

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

 

 

 

Long Island, Schools -‘,!toom_236,-' ’

  
 
  
   

  
   
      

      
  

 
 

