‘ ._ ,  4 ill .1.     a 

' Tomorrow night at Hudson Valley our Danehoops ‘ or W" "l" 
stern face their toughest competitionof ﬂByOBl‘, the
“University of Buffalo. Traditionally. UB hasihandled
cuttings squads with a minimum of effort, and why

shouldn't it? 03 isa school of twice our population
'and'"imtil recently gave out athletic scholarships. So

Torrow

n what ma be one of the most exciting games of the basketball season. “Doc”
Saliers' once-llieaten Great Danes taloe on powerful University of Buffalo tomorrow
night at Hudson Valley Community College gym. Game time for this thriller is
7:15. The .Stage Cagers are out to break their personal losing streak against the
Bulls. who have beaten them four times in the last two years and were the spoilers

Culver-oily

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

k
l
i
.
.

 

 

 

while the financial allurement is not longer there._
the successful athletic tradition still remains.

upset. However. things are a little different now, but

'not that different. In the team’s first pair of games-—

a win and a loss-—certain players turned in solid per—
formances that could, if repeated, put the Danes in
an upset-minded mood. Scott Price and Rich Margison
seem to be the men the other players will turn to

when the going gets rough.

This is based on early-

season observations, however.

But the men who must come through if the Danes
are to upset the Bulls are not the starters but the
reserves. With the squad as small as it is, and with

many 'teams playing fast

break ball, UB included,

the Dane hardcourters will undoubtedly have to turn
to the bench quite frequently. It’s the performances

of these men that we feel

will determine the team’s

success. not only tomorrow night but for the rest

of the season as well.
Coach Joe Garcia must

be quite pleased with his

matmen, and well he should be. Not only did the Dane
grapplers score an overwhelming win at the Albany

.Quadrangular Meet, but they registered seven indi-

vidual wins.out of a possible eleven. Several of the

men looked a little rusty,

‘but that is due entirely to

not enough practice—~something coach Garcia is

sure to remedy.

Tomorrow the grapplers vie with Farleigh Dick-
inson University. FDU shut-out Brooklyn Polytech-
nic Institute, 45-0. in a recent match.

AMIA basketball has recently begun action with
multitudes of teams in all the leagues except League
I, which has only a handful of entries. We find it hard
to accept that League I, with its“better” competition,
cannot attract more teams. Part of the problem is
due to AMIA’s policy of equal-sized trophies to each
league winner. We imagine certain teams feel they
have a better shot at winning in a lower league than

League I.

Evidently competition is no longer the attraction it
used to be. Seems like lack of it has far greater ap-
peal among certain teams. We deplore this situation
and hope the AMIA moves to cure it. the sooner the

' better.

Five Teams Make ’66-’67

AMIA League

by Glenn Saplr

The AMIA League I basketball
season swung into high gear Wed-
nesday. Five strong teams will be
after the league championship Pot-
ter Club won last year.

Potter Club will have Ray Mc-
Cloat and Andy Christian, two all
league players, returning to form
the nucleus of the ball club. Other
Potter cagers are captain Bob Sa-
vlckl, George Webb, a former frosh
hooper, and Jim McVey, previously
a varsity player.

Alpha Pi Alpha will also be re-
turning two league all stars as well

One Tough

Pierce Hall, composed of grad
students will be starting captain
Bill Sullilf, Jim LaFountain, Tim
Fltzharris, Bob Judge, and Russ
Keene .

EEPY Pines Kegleis

Willi the Choppers upsetting the
Goobers and Potter Club having its
match postponed, defending cham-
pion ED? is the only team remain-
ing in AMIA league lbowllng with
an unblemished record. Goobers is
still in second place and will face
pace-setting Potter tomorrow.

Here are the standings:

in a bid for an NCAA playofftwo years ago.

Hartwick and at 6:30 for
the varsity. Coach Sauers
is hoping for a good turn-
out _of State_fans.

Barring injuries in Wednesda_
game with Plattsburgh State, the
Dane qunitent should be at full
strength to take on the Bulls. Soph-
omore guard Rich Margison leads
the team in scoring with 19.5 points
per game and has been high scorer
in each of the Danes’ first two
games. Seniors Mike Bloom, Jim
Constantino, and Marty O’Donnell
all hit two figures inscoring against
Pratt and would like to take the
measure of the quintet from Buffalo.

Bulls Snap Win Shein

Buffalo is 2-1 on the year so far,
with their only loss coming at the
hands of Gannon college of Erie.
The Bulls are relatively inexper-
ienced, without a senior on the team
and also without all five of last
year’s top scorers.

in this, the first of the annual
two game set, the sauersmen can
take some measure of revenge for
past defeats. Two years ago, Dick
Crossett, Jim O'Donovan and com-
pany set a school record of 12
straight victories before the Bulls
ended it, 69-58,and ruinedtheNCAA
bid.

To Be an Exciting Contest
Last year’s newly christened Dane
quintet lost both games to the UB
five, but were hurt also by a lack

big as the Armory. ,

Buses for the fresh game against
Hartwicli irosh will leave from the
Dutch Quad and Colonial Quad bus
stops, and in front of Waterbury

l ,

      
 

 

 

 

 

 

{a .czaiaL....i'J-

DANE REBOUNDERS VIE with Pratt players for control of the

Hall at 4:45 tomorrow night. Buses

team under head coach Joe Garcia
will face Farleigh Dickinson 'in a
homematch tomorrow afteran at
2:00 at Page gy .

 

   

bull in last week's game. The Souersmen lace Buffalo tomorrow

night at "home."

 

 

Store flours:

Tlio Bookoiorio (Textbook one) will dose"
on Thursday, Dec. 22, T966

and will ro-opon on January 30
for tho SPRING SEMESTER TEXT BOOK SALES.

The rest of the bookstore

(supplies novelties & nonfextboohs)

will remain open to serve your needs.

Mon-Fri 9 All. — 4:30 PM.
Sat. 9AM. — 1:00PM.

 

 

 

ALBANY llEW YORK

DECEMBER 13. 1966

Linguo. E449

 

 

A“: .
AT T E CENTRAL Council meeting held of Mrs.
members gong op.belore placing President William Cleveland and Vice President Vincent Abromo in
"Pillory" on the stairway.

Lois Gregg’s house, Associate Dean of Students,

  
   

t

c 

‘\

Christmas Concert To Be Presented

By Band, col

The annual Christmas concert
presented by the music department
of the State University of New York
at Albany, in cooperation with the
university’s Music Council, will take
place Friday evening, Dec. 16, in
Page Hall.

On the program will be selections
by the University Concert Band, of

Speaker To Discuss
'Momory Pill’
At Psych Club

Dr. D. Ewen Cameron,director of
psychology and aging research at
the Albany Veterans Administration,
will be the guest speaker at the
December 15th meeting of the Psy-
chology Club.

Dr. Cameron has received wide
recognition for his work with Cylert,
the 'memory pill.’ Studies have
found that the administration of Cy-
lert stimulates the production of
ribonucleic acid (RNA), :1 body sub-
stance which has been found to in-
fluence the rearrangement of nerve
structures, resulting in the rear-
ganization of stored thought pat-
terns.

Experiments conducted on groups
of men in their latter years, many
of whom were given losenllily,bnve
shown that the ‘memory pill' is an
effective stimulant for the recollec-
tion of thought patterns. It was made

which William Hudson is conductor,
and by the Collegiate Singers, with
Carl Peterson conducting. Dr.
James Morris, associate professor
of music at SUNYA, and Barbara
Elliot will be trumpet soloists.

Compositions to be played by the
band include “March Militarie
Francoise,” from Suite Algerian by
Saint-Sachs; "Love-Death” from
Wagner’s Tristan and Isolde; Hum-
mel’s "Concerto for Trumpet;“
Gershwin's “An American in
Paris;” and "Valdres," Norwegian
march, by llanssen.

The choral group will sing “Fan-
fare for Christmas Day," Marlin
Shaw; “Sing liollyloo," from the
llallow'd Time, John Vincent; "The
Manger Carol,” an Austrian song,
Mary Caldwell; “Alleluia,” Hein-
rich Schulz.

Other selections lnclude “Hanuk-
kah Madrigal," Herbert Fromm,

Sigma Tau Beta
Active On Campus

Sigma Tau Bela was founded in
late October by a group of men who
found themselves dissatisfied with
their group affiliation. They felt
that for a group to succeed as a
fraternity, the goals and ideals of
all its members should be consis-
tent.

Sig Tau plans to take an active
part in the ndvnncement of the Uni-

Iegiate Singers, Dec. 16

with incidental solo by Cheryl Rich-
nian; “Landlord Fill the Flowing
Bowl," an English carol by Walter
Ehret; and Michael Praetorius' "In
Dulce Jubilo," from Musae Sioniae.

Both the opening and closing se-
lections of the second portion of the
show of the program will feature
brass ensembles. The concert will
begin at 8:15. There lsno admission
charge.

 

Mrs. Lois Gregg, the associate
dean of students at the University,
entertained the members of Central
Council in her home on Waverly
Place last Thursday evening.

Mrs. Gregg is presently renting
Waverly Place from the Faculty Stu-
dent Association, and has lived there
since coming to the University last
year.

The informal meeting is typical of
many that Mrs. Gregg has held
throughout this year and last in order
to become better acquainted with the
members of many of the acting stu-
dent groups on campus.

\Villiam Cleveland, president of
the Council, commented that there
would be no “formal business”
transacted that night.

Discussion Varied

Topics of discussion varied from
talk on present Council business,
the formation of the new alcohol
policy, to the decor of Mrs. Gregg’s
house.

The house itself was pieced to-
gether in the early 19005 by aprom-
inent Albany lawyer from an old
Brewmasier’s office, and has a
unique personality of its own.

Since Mrs. Gregg began her oc-
cupancy she has added all her own
furniture, her collection of unusual
objects gathered from around the

world trip, and much of her own~

art work.

Folksingers lnviied

Mrs. Gregg also invited campus
folkslngers William Nothdurft and
John Harrison, ill to entertain the
group; after refreshments were
served the group not only received
renditions by Nothdurft and Harrison
but also received a sneak preview

' ' will 'fhei tmemrlence 50mm“! do u for on varsity game ._ ' :. L
’ If this year's samramen were as atmng as we Buseihfoflghe gaml:e 4-45 :hichggiisyear'sCasersllopossess. agglilatnfhe University ofBuffaloat ll 35 . O . ,. z , 1 
i1. thought they would be in pro-season expectations. ieavih % Ems a “hm u should be quite a contest, 52139 7:15 wumepm-ummmegamemree * f . .. I ,
I . - tame a  or e we game m  1  . en in. ounn m are
we d rate our hoopsters as good be gl to acme “my sum vusitywresmng I? I I

I Visit Home Of Deon

of the song Sigma Tau Beta, the
newly formed. fraternity, will per-
form at the ChristmasSing, as many
of the new brothers are presently
0n the Council.

Mrs. Gregg, an artist in her own
right, is also the chairman of the
Art Coordinating Committee which
was begun early last year under
the auspcies of FSA, and whose
main function is the acquisition of
art wok for the entire” campus.

Brown, Von .Dylio
Will Spook Friday

To Commission

At last Friday’s Communications
Commission meeting it was an-
nounced that Neil Brown,dlrector of
sludeni affairs, and H. David Van
Dyke, assistant to the president,
will be present at this week’s meet-
ing, Friday, December 16, is l-lu 123.

Brown will speak to the Commis-
sion communications and the Cam-
pus Center.

Van Dyke will be present to clar-
ify the position of the Public Rela-
tions Offlce in regard to the student
publications.

Also present at the meeting was"

iihode Goldberg, a junior, who is
interested in establishing a new
literary magazine three tlmes a
semester.

She asked the Commission
whether or not it would be possible
for her to receive Student Associa-
llnll funds to support such a maga-
zine, and if so, whether she would
have a chance of beginning flle
semester.

Birth Control Lecture Includes
Short Movie, Informative Advice

A crowd of nearly 500 people at-
tended a lecture on birth control
sponsored by Psi Gamma sorority
entitled “Intelligent Family Plan-
ning.” Mrs. Crawford Campbell,
wife of an Albany physician was the
guest speaker.

The first item on the agenda was
a fifteen minute movie entitled
"Fall" Chance.” Mrs. Crawford do—
sri'lbed if as a “soap opera” ofa
sort, the movie made the point lllill
every child should bea wunled l‘llllll,
for physical, emotional, and llnnn-
ciul reasons.

Immediately after the nmvic, Mrs.
Campbell offered her own view of
sex and birth control. Mrs. (.‘ump-
bell had no Ulljef‘llulls to a "stable
l‘UlilllUllHlllp” outside of marriage,

One of the most interesting ques-
tions was directed to Dr, Hood who
was asked if any information about
birth control can be distributed here.

Dr. Hood replied that there is no
University policy and therefore it
is up lo the Medical Office. The
Medical Office will offer informa-
tion and guidance to anyone, to the
best of Its nblllly. it will also refer
patients to u source of materials.

“I don‘t

think we are prudlsh

about this,” Dr. Hood stated, and
reaffirmed that the Medical Office
would refer any student to a private
physician if necessary.

Another question that was asked
by many people concerned the rea-
sons behlnd the policy of birth con-
trol clinics that will distribute in-
formation and materials to people
over 21 exclusively. Mrs. Campbell
explained that the organizations can
be held responsible for distributing

pornographic materials to minors.

 

3 as two hoopers up from the Frosn pom" Club  fl l'ggg clear that subjects after taking Cy- \Versny' Thmugh Inlumerhom n bl” '“l‘l ""0 '“Ul‘e I‘OSDBCl l0!" 501111:-

‘ team. Denny and“ and Ken Zach- (300W?8 2 '5,“ 1L,” rm. Several da'ys Showed more plans to promote SCllUlal'Slllp,Sf3l‘V-

 arias. the returning all stars, along Choppers 16 l .r l [weigh/mm“ about Mm “my ,.e_ ice, leadership and sportsmnnslnp, Ulli,‘ who jumped from bodlobcdlbun

l with 65-66 frosh starters Gary Tor- TXO 12 9 "’7 “enihmied' ‘and “waned things. [3% While recognizing the importance of 101' WHIUUHC‘ E1015 “funk 3”“ “HHS

 mo and Bu! Moan present a to“ .lillidgfinables l111   ‘1“ than those “mu (m “m.- - the individual, the fraternity will 51“ “WV-n

 mmable team' Also on the “am 5:15 Ge Lg. G 22 .214     K  Investigation is presently going :S‘mk to “flit” quamws of “Mull 'l‘hen Mrs. Campbell offered a

 31'9 91“ semi": former 039m" 01 33%;; Five 4 24 :143 into the realm of learning, us to grid Icuul’e'mm“ f“{"l_le“"‘f"""“39 “‘0 list of every method of llll‘lllcullll'ul

g gfoc‘kpoi‘t State, and guard Rey whether or not Cylel'l, as a slim- ngﬁl‘l’llijnem “I “Mum”! ‘1'“! “3"” and its el‘lcoilvcnoss. lffllul‘, uiilm-

,» anrn . , ul'il Ir ad n one's some fun-' ,3 '

 Wayne Smith, captainofthe Carafe mdlvww leaders‘ 2282 190 de;.;t’a”)dﬁlg'e 3mg Increasigé ms lilo brothers are already hiking sll'lp illustrated ouch clearly and

it presents a team withstrongci‘eden- an“ Choppers 0 powers of intent,“ an active part in student govorn~ erased some doubts.

l tiais. 0n the squad are Joe Home. Jones Pom" 17“ 194 Dr Cameron «‘5' thatasidc from "39‘" and Sport" “"1"” “ml‘m‘l‘ll'lb’

i all league last year. asqu ashls gaugegomgl' $3: {31 me an,“ we“ 0,, mommy, ,, a giilla‘fuctgl'y level of scholarship. After the filmsfrip, Mrs, Camp-

, , l I ‘ ‘ I - v i . .

i, mg" school mammuwvﬂn Lanny", * "0,9,"; the way to an almost mm“ [5 uu old will be pm liclpating bell‘ and and but punol, consisting

g a transfer from Iona. Carmichum.  embers   Any emergency Shlpment ol  textbooks an" be made aua'lab'e' leaps exploration of new methods or :ilulléilemltl’ollldov Stills and the ontii‘c of 1' other Paul Smith, lv‘nlher \'\'il.

9 transfer from HudsonValley,John 1555 m modifying this exlruovdlnul‘y sys- -” 9“ 10 al‘l'nugexncn s ‘ ’ : ‘ .

g Naumowitz, areturnins allstar.IM gfgfgwmé: 1534 no tem whereby we can bring forward g‘é'l'gt‘llllglllee for the Mental llcnllh 3:111] ﬁlniil’li. Dx.‘ bthol Launch and

3 Jack Sinnolt will share the KING Sargon 600m” 1531 no cmmnuuuy' the expermnces of we . . fine cod, and Dr. John luck.-

1' positions while Ken Drake will C "y Goober“ 1357 169 past to modify present actions and The Omcers of S“, Tm, new um ' (f m U l r “I CO H

5 "male we pm”. ﬁned by Bob Kai {mum plans' r wuuam Clevem"d' “resumml 501"“ :hi'vlce elilerlhllldtl 3nosliillllgelllh‘l

; “In: rifmslieﬁiagllast year’s fresh m3“ Mvmw Gm“ . . . ,7 0"‘mThl‘: 51%)“ lggceg;be’cluln"ér;t mon Finn, vice-president; Duncan q MRS. CRAWFORD CAMPBELL'S lecture on hlrtli control lpon- ,
l ' . “ck w w.’ Giles Choppers 238 “‘1' t'k 1'1 ' ' y ' d ,, Nixon, secretary/5 amlCralebnrlnc- the audience wrote down on index sored by Pol Gamma sorority Sunday, was delivered to a lull
} will also be star in I! 1 6mm” 600mm 234 W ‘1 0" ‘5 Wor‘: a“ “ow or, treasurer. cards. hon" "
4 Ron Graenhunt, Dave lites”, and “com, pom”. 233 films of his experiments. ' ~

211.

2 Gary All

 

 

 

