 

 

 

      

   
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
    
 

 

  
 

   
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
     
  
   
   
 

 

   
 

 

 

  
   
   
   

 
 

    

Athletics Bt‘ Albany 13,0“ We #13101" thing that hill The Albany State Great Dane wrestling team Wentdown to its fourth defeat in nine
heel! 130131113 our '81?th from reaching a true Univerf outings Tuesday afternoon, when they losttoa streng Oneontateam, 21-13. The loss
in? levjél - PEQtlBBo'Ourﬁthletlcs “8110MB I‘OBROGWO brings the grapplers' record to 4-4—1 with one;,,match remaining, tomorrow at
33 “193' 095M 1’0 be. they are Virtually unknown by 11 Hobart. _In the prelim, the fresh grapplers brought their record to 6-1" with a [27510
mégrgubg  fgul? andhathliarge Promtlxlg 13f til: win over theEOneonta frosh. the lone defeat came at the hands of the Cortland fresh
3 n o n reac s page 0 e . an last gamma , A ., . . . z .
so they have to make their mark in the school in other state we: only 2 de- ‘ ‘
more “noteworthy” areas. , cisions as 'Warren Crow

But if athletes are kept from becoming leaders in shut out his opponent, 9-0, ,
other activities because~ their athletic responsibilities in the 130 11), class, and .'
interfere .with and limit their afforded time, athletics Dick sZymanski hemmed
will sink to such a de'pthgat Albany that no amount of Oneonta’s Dick gimme],
recruiting will be able-to overcome-it. 8-3, in the 177 1b, class,

My point at question is clearly shown now at election Albany's only other points’ came
time. In the running for seats on MY SKANIA are three when Mike P013199“ drew: 1": at
varsity athletes — Ray Ciaiffrini, Jim Constantino and. 32:33.83,afg§$d{h:¥,T:{&ﬁoz’f
Dick Szymanski. Of the three. only Constantino would The varsity scores by weight
probably have been elected had there not been a post- Class:

'ponement in the elections. Why? Because he received Crw'gf"; fgigioj°$‘;o.9;3g_;§‘t
an ASP recommendation because of his interest in stu- mer by default; lsé-Mik'e Goldych
dent affairs as shown by his class vice presidency. 1°55 O'Siwo'T‘J’“ G"“’°y19l“’rest'
dorm government, Rivalry, etc. This is fine with us for 212:5 $5933.11: Wax: Lﬁﬁﬁﬂi
we feel: Jim would be a fine member of MYSKANIA. 9-0. '
£3}? what we’re at question with is the narrowness c1 gtlzjiziggin‘jggm"‘Eﬁé’tﬁgr‘zﬁ3:;
o t e choosing - nowhere was he ven credit for bein ' l ' a 
a varsity basketball player and teaglin captain. g ESSESilleolllglilioGEf’rge webbat QANE "EARS “Ni M‘""‘°" A" R“'“° ll" 55* °PP°ﬂ°M in a
The case becomes more acute in Szymanski’s in- Here are the freshmen wrestling l’h"I Position as the referee is about to hit the mat. Recesso is

' _ scores by weight class: t e Dane's standout I67 ounder.
stance. Here is a varsity athlete who has won four var 1234mm)“; ,or,8,,;130_5maglask, v P

 

.. ‘

 
 
 
  

 

Worried About Weight

Concerned about the weight he
had put on during the basketball
season, Dick asked mat coach Joe
'Garcla for a schedule he could fol-
low to shed pounds. Garcia told
Dick tllat if he ever decided to give
up basketball (Dick was already
thinking about it) to come out for
wrestling. The rest is all history.

The 0', 180 pounder is an ex-
tremely popular member of Potter
Cl'ub, where he has just recently
been elected treasurer. He expects
no trouble lll exacting dues from
the members.

The 20-year-old lllstory major

city letters in two years. has won an Outstanding and a (A) pmned 0.33“, (0) at 6,4”, 137, . . t t
M d P d h b en chosen ca tain Slabtu k (A) plm ed Ko'h 0). 5:41; D h S k S d
feat Improve layer awar I as e _ _p - ldﬁ-Sjlb‘lnger (A)l won by a(pln over  z  l  

0 two varsity sports. and who has been time and again M ,
, ‘ ackten (0) at 2:44, l52-Wykoff (A)
lauded by his coaches as a worker and leader. And, oh, pinned 509mm. (0), 4,13_ t ' t
yes — there’s his 3.4 cumulative average.Heris a man ISO-Humphrey (A) decisioned  A  e  
- - Miller (0), 4-2; 107-Szymanskl(0)
who! 1203's what it is tto work, todagtfresponsgblyhto declsloned Smuh (A), 1542; 17%
EaM-YSQAKERI‘B was “0 recomme“ e ormem ere 1" (000)“13”; éggvsvrlzréhz‘dgllaggcgﬁj Dick Szymanski the athlete has attained practically
- ' 0'“ ' ' a1 an athlete could ever ho e toattain in s rts
It is actions like this that make one wonder why we “ate” “Barb‘s” (Ah 4'1' every go f p te p0 d
- . , . _ , at State. He was captain of the rosh soccer am an
even have athletics at this school. If they can  instill    his freshman class’s Outstanding Athlete; he went on
in a person qualities that don t at least equate him with On Saturday, February 19' the become State’s Most Improved Athlete as ,1 50pm-
gtgetf'or giggﬁngﬂimbe“ 0f ms (“353' went the“! women's intercollegiate basketball more, earning a starting role as a booter.
. team parti 'lpated i a Sp ‘t d t ,
I am informed by my editors on the ASP that Szyman- “yum”; ‘ a n m s 8y: “ﬁnals-(thong:rohtavlgg  “this: im'daulillf hard-
' - a GI" PB ll "'88 ames, l9 ' 1 ES mem-
Bkl was “Qt gwen ‘1 recommendatlon because they felt State womell, rgturned hime with a never played the sport be- her of his team‘s mark for tile sea-
he would be too interested in maintaining his high 2-1 record. Led by high scorer fore. He compiled a 6-4 60"-
scholastic average to give to MYSKANIA’s interests. 99"” Binares. 14 Points: Albany record as the team's top —
Does MY SKANIA demand two to three strenuous hoursa bea,‘ “mm”! C'C" 25'20' _
, Following a 37-21 loss to New 177 pounder.
day as do varsity soccer andwrestling? Does MYSKANIA Paitz, State won a close one fron
take trips to other schools during the school week, ONHEBCeC-l12-101nglglﬁhsgor-
severely interfering with studies as do varsity sports? fijzopi‘pﬂﬁig'ﬁﬁ‘gcﬂ‘ u y 08'
And does MYSKANIA really know what it isto sacrifice On, February 21, the State gals
for someone else, for a team? if MYSKANIA could ans- Edged “New” mf‘dmghﬁjwrm‘i
wer “yes” to even one of these questions, I might un- i2“,‘,f:,‘.ye‘ﬁ§'”' pace by "area
derstand my editor’s decision. The Albaliy women hope to ini-
I can only hope that enough students place enough. pmz’e °" "‘elrlg'é r7505” Wat/“2°,”
value on intercollegiate athletics to realize that it’s gifdmiﬁgg‘iZ/zl),Inmﬁngdif(ll/dg:
instances like these that determine the validity ofsports AMIA LEAGUE H
at all. Perhaps only varsity athletes themselves can Bowlmg 5mm,"

 

understand my point - but I can guarantee thlS - the ApA u i 12 2 Jim says that his most memorable nth.

leaders they vote for will have earned their vote. APAI 12 2 . 5.. letlc feat was scoring a pin in his
Txo 7 7 .500 0"" 51Y'“°""" first competitive wrestling match.
Colonials 7 ’7 .500 “a is now “mm” 01mg "my,an lie pinned his Fairleigh Dickinson
“WNW” 4 10 «287 and will also be captain of the soc- ‘09 I" “'9 5900"“ perm“-

cer team next fall. lie has earned

“lg” "81 les n" the leek 0‘ 2/21” IOU] Vﬂl olty letters 130 “ll .

glgégﬁgll'érlfg gﬁfjsﬁlfeggfﬁwfg “"1 Wl'lllm“ 171'180'159'570 But the most amazing thing about
' K9" wme" 148'182'17‘5'500 Dick's achievements is that be has

the cagers. , . ..
Faccioill scored a game-high 27 N“ “"“mel “9‘33” necumililshed them all while main-

Appcolc for Support
A self-less guy, Dick has asked
the ASP sports staff to convey his
hope that State students take a

by Don Oppad i cone

The Great Danes ofAibany State .1. Danmmm Colonials 102 , . t . 1 . .
, g ’ g r . mm H a _,_4 cumulmw m, r a a glaa el ntorest in athletics, ilill-
     J-   r   “"  
New rain 30-79 Wednesduy‘nlght with in and Pete ilroni'ior with 12 J' WWW” A“ " 157 Dick attended WnylandlﬂirhSchool "'“m w" ‘5‘" "mm “mm” “"‘“
at the Washington, Avenue Armory for tha'ti-lo ilawks The score at “' "om" . Txo 15“. mid “Filed 7 WWW hitters in 600- we have been gem'm' “New”,
The boopsters who are now ll-ll half-time was New. Pally 47 Al- C' Gilmore MM " 155 091‘; llﬂﬂkelhﬂll and track. lie was from “'0 fraternities",
via the win over' New rain and a baby 40 I ' 5' “mm A” " “'4 his graduating class's Outstanding "‘"e '5 °"° 3‘” "m" l” “‘“m‘”
loss to the University oiiiuffaioiast . J' cmmer “M I 153 59'1"” Album" the most out or me cone“ — and
B. Peiirlcrgast APA l 153 giving it, too.

5"". Laud. Ha" As a freshman at State, Dick went

in the buffalo game State led at
the half, 35-34, on a 60-foot set
shot by Bloom. flat the second half
was a different story, as Buffalo
outscored the Dallas, 54-211, to win
the game by the final score of lift-
A Thriller 63.

Wednesday night’s game was a iiloom was high scorer with lb,
thriller all the way, with no team followed by Crocco and Morrison,
being able to take a commanding who had id apicco. Constantino and
lead throughout the game. State lad Jursak each had 7, Marcus 4, and
by 5 with less than a minute to go, 'l‘om Daddy 2
but two quick baskets by the iiawks' v
Joe Facciolii cut the margin to one, ' AMAHA SPORTSCYCLES
80-79.

With two seconds loll, ll‘acclolii
had a chalice to win the game, but
his live-footer bounced ofl'tha rim
and the game was ovnr.

Mike Crocco was high for the
Saueraman with 22 points. lie was
helped by Larry Marcus with 20
and Mike Bloom who scored l7.
lonnle Morrison had 0. .lim Con-ﬂ '

Saturday night, have 3 games re-
maining Oil the schedule all away.
One win will clinch a winning
season, and the lltll straight year
that Coach iticllard "Doc" sailors

. has not had a losing season.

 

 

PlZZA---SUBS---PIZZA

We Are FIRST In the AREA
ll 0 T

"MOBIL OVEN” DELIVERY
Call 484-8208
Andy’s PIZZA-RAMA

Fill DILIVIIIY

With This Coupon I
Tonight ; 15¢ on (in Any large Pizza i

(lollllMonduy Tuesday Wednesday
l’ubl ill Muri i Mun ’

Golden Eye

‘You Know

Something’s

 

 

sales service pom Huppenittg’

 

 

all models In stock
plicct start at $249

MRRETT AUTO SALES, lNC
lOl2 Central Avenue 1

 

 

 

 

 

u... m-....__.

        
     
    
 
  
  
  
   
  
 

   
 
    
    
     
     
  
      
    
   
 

     
 
 

 
     

   
      
   

  
 

     
 

 

   

 

  

   
  

   

 

 

4

 

 

I Wilma
sums»: COURT
as FEANK?

 

 

 

 

 

 

STOP THE WORLD: .lim Lobdell and Carla Pinelli in a scene
from “Stop the World, I Want To Get 0"." The State Univer-
sity production will begin its run in Richardson 290 tomorrow

night.

Women to Have Keys to iinrms
In Proposal lindei Consideration

A proposal to give dor-
mitory women 6a.m. hours
and a key-tootheir dorm is
now under consideration by
a committee of the Living
Area Affairs Commission.

Tile proposal seeks to establish
the new hours policy on an expor-
lmeutai basis in Beverwyck and
Schuyler Halls. if it proves suc-
cessful there, it could be extended
to tile whole campus.

Under ills new plan, a woman re-
questing late permission would sign
out a key to her dormitory. Tile
dormitory would close and belocked
as ilsuai at l a.m., all other woman
being required to be ill the dorm.

Spot-Check of Keys

'l'lloso woman with keys may re-
turn to tile dorln any lline during
the night, but are expected to have
returned their key by (5 null. the
next morlling. The keys would be
spot-chucked by residence hall of-
ficials any time between (i u.m. alul
12 noon that day.

Woman found returning thall'keys
later than ll n.m. would lose their
key privilege for iii weeks. A wo-
man would lose her koy privilege
for lilo rust of bar lllllo at the uni-
vol'uily if silo gave away her key,
used it to lot someone into the
dorm illegally, or repeatedly lost
it.

Loss of a key the first tilllo eu-
tails a $20 penalty fan, since all
the locks must than be changed.

The proposal in all“ lll the first
stages of tile procedure it illllfll go
through before becoming a reality.
it has been passed by Quad board
and is now before ii iii lllailllmr
coimniiloo not up by the Living
Area Aflali‘c Commission.

Faculty-Student Committee

The committee includes incin-
hers ill lilo Commission, Quad board
and Central Council, and Miss Nor-
nlli li‘dlliill, Director of Residences,
and Miss iiiirhnrn ilurkllurt, Assis-
tant Director of b'iudenl Activities.

The committee is currently study.
big the pros and cons of the plan
and attempting to anticipate and work
out any rough spots before the plan
goes into effect.

   

Aacording to Lynn Morella, astu-
deut leader of support for the plan,
it is meeting with little opposition
and 'much favorable comment from
all sides. Slle added that tile women

‘of Beverwyck and Schuyler are high-

ly enthusiastic about the possibility
of its going into effect.

Approval at Trustees

Once the proposal has gained the
approval of the committee, it must
be approved in turn by Central
Council, Residence Council, which
includes the directors ofthe various
residences, and lilo University
Board of Trustees. The approval of
the Board of Trustees is necessary
because the proposal would mark a
major Change lll university policy.

The suggestion for tile proposal
was first made by Miss Katherine
Sentou, lilo director of lievorwyck
and Schuyler llails.

MARCH 1. 1966.

voL. LII, no. 6-

Supreme Court to Review

Constitutionality of Process

The Supreme Court will
hear the case concerning
the constitutionality of the
MYSKANIA screening
committee on Wednesday,
March 2 at 7:30 p.m.

Frank Penski presented the re-
ferral to the Supreme Court on
February 23. The referral stated
that those students who had been
screened by the screening commit-
tee llad been denied their legal
rights to run for office guaranteed

them iiilder the Constitution of Stu- f

dent Assoulation.

Tile referral cited specific ar-
ticles of the constitution. Article
1, Section 2g slates, “All student
members of Central Council sllall
have and maintain a 2.0 quality
point average on a 4.0 system.”

Article 1, Section 3g says, “The

Committee be placed on the ballots
for MYSKANIA.

Richard Thompson commented,
“In my mind, the most important
aspect of this referral is that the
decision be made on the principles

i”
l

i ,

Central Council shall provide for - _ ,

proper and just Student Association -
elections and tabulation of the re- ~

suits thereof.”
Article l, Section 31 includes,
“the powers not enumerated lll this

Constitution, nor prohibited by it to

the Commissions enumerated hers-
lil, are reserved to tile Comnlisions
or to tile Student Body.” '

Average of Judges

Article lV, section 5b states,
“Judges of the Supreme Court shall
have and maintain a,2.5quaiitypoini
average on a 4.0 system."

Article V, section in, states
"MYSKANIA shall be composed of
thirteen members who shall be rec-
'ognlzed for their contributions to the
University.”

Article V, section lil, reads,
"Members shall be nominated and
elected in March, from the second
semester .lunior class, by tho Slu-
dsnt Association."

Article V, section 2a, states that
MYSKANlA is “to act as screening
agent for nominees to the Supreme
Court, slid to act in concert with
Central Council lfl effecting judicial
recall."

At lilo and, tile referral advocated
that Election Dill 0500-13 be do-
ainred lllvulld, and requested that
the names omitted by ills Screening

of whether or not Central Council
has the right to regulate nomina-
tions,,not on the individuals who are
running for MYSKANIA, who are on
the Screening Committee or who are
on Central Council."

 

SUPREME COURT: Five members at the Supreme Court who
will consider the constitutionality of the MYSKANIA screen-
ing committee. They arell to 7) Frank Penslil (no longer a mem-
ber) Barbara Chem-Ill, Connie Moquilt, Jim Ward, Ray Cla-

trini, Sandy DeVot.

Peggy Wood to Discuss

‘Theatre at .Crossroads’

Peggy Wood, renowned actress,
will lecture at Chancellor's Hall on
Thursday, March 3, at 3:30 p.m.
on the “Theatre at Crossroads."
The lecture is sponsored by the
Agnes E. Futtaror Chair of Drama-
tic Art recently established by the
Theatre Alumni Association and
SUNY at Albany.

Miss Wood's illustrious career
covers more than 50 years and al-
most three columns of "Who’s Who
in the Theatre." She has appeared
in over ’10 theatrical productions
and numerous motion pictures. She
is best remembered for her role
as Mama.

Miss Wood played this role for
seven years from mail-1050 on
television. Recently she colnplolod

Students Give Varied Opinions
In MYSKANIA Controversy

by Margaret Dunlap

The recent controversy concern-
ing the MYEKANIA Screening Colli-
lnlttac hall encourang various
members of the student body to
voice their opinions on the subject.
Some say that there should bu one,
others think not. A poll taken in the
Student Union. rllvaalad lilo follow-
ing rusponseai

"l tlllllk lilo screening comlllittoo
is it good idea since it involves
various type» of people. i really
don't think there should have been
13 on this year's MYSKANIA.
know most of the members and
think that few of them deserve this
honor."

This senior, a member of nor-
orlty, continued. "They should be
chosen all the basis of their merits,
not because of sorority or fra-
ternity affiliation. l don'ttllink MYS-
KANlA .eilould be ills pawn oi the

no I.
Another student said, “i think it

depends on who's doing the screen-
ing."

Check Needed

Stove Chollnn expressed ills opiil-
loll. “There must be some klild of
ecrounlng committee to chockouille
candidates lll order to pick out the
best one so it doesn’t become a
popularity content as some class
elections have."

"Also, il is needed to check
thoroughly on the qualiflcaiionhihoy
'cay' they have. MYSKANIA, which
siloiild be ii very powerful and im-
portant organization on campus, has
gone steadily downward since its
conception ill lulu," said Steve.

lluwarii stain roapundod, "i think
that (hero should be a screening
committee because MYSKANIA is
supposed to he composed of the
leading students at State. Without
the screening, the election would
be solely a popularity contest which
I think ill wrong."

Lcur Kara also commented. "A
selection committee for MYBKANIA

would have served as a guarantee
that qualified people would be
elected, going on the premise that
if all those nominated are qualified,
all those elected must be quali-
fled."

Kurz also said, “lithlilcominittoe
is declared nimoustitutlonal, those
people who were eliminated because
they were judged unqualified will
be permitted to run. liioubt that
MYh‘KANlA could recover from that
klild of blow, as the student body
will have little cause to doubt the
quality, or lack of it, lll the highest
non-academic honorary at this Unl-
varsity."

Another student said, "Adiscrlm-
lnniion board should discriminate;
a selection committee should select.
MVSKANIA can do without both.le
elimination at prospective candl-
datec is equivalent to giving up our
right to vote.”

Still another replied, “l tan a
typical siildent. l aln epothetla.l
have no opinion."

the role of the Mother Superior in
the film "The Sound of Music.”
She sings for the first time in many
years in this film.
Yale Performance

She has also gained recognition
as an author and speaker, and in
will silo was invited to appear at
Yale University lll her first drama-
tized solo performance oftheposlns
of the late John V. A. Weaver.

The program proved so popular
that she has been asked to repeat
it many times at universities and
at theatres throughout the country.
In March, 1004, Miss Wood received
the lentil annual Kalcay Allen award
“for unselfish contributions to the
American theatre," and in June,
1904, she was given the degree of
Doctor of Humans Letters by Hamil-
ton Collage.

Establish Chair

iloih the Theatre AlumniAssocla-
tion and SUNY at Albany have worked
together to establish a professional
clmir to perpetuate the ideals of
theatre held by Agnes E. Futterer.
Miss li'uttcrer's distinguished car-
eer at our university ranged 52
years from lul’i-lfllill.

 

,, . my“,

      

 
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
 

 

 
 
   
  
  

  

    
   

  

         
   
 

     
  
 

    
     
  

 
  
 

 
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
   

 
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
     

   
      
       
   
     
       
             
         
       
         
               
       
     
     
       
     
     
       
    
 

       
    

            
              
         
             
       
       
       
       
     
       
        
            
           
       
     
     
  

 
 
   
       

  
  
        

   
       
     
 
 

    
     
   
   
      
 
  

