  
      
    
     
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
     
  
 
    
    
   
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
     
     
  
 
  
   
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
      
      
 
    
     
       
      

. um» I.

one... ammw.~c.u _ - . . .

 

2:.
3
i
i
l

 

 

     

  
 
 
  
   
   

*1...”

V1." )\ I“.“~“ 

  

 

  
  
  
   

.Az 
, I
I

  
 
 
  
   
 
   

\

     
  
  

 

r . ‘ ' .
{xii I V l
' 162%”
1 ,lh—___—:_ _,

  

a

 

 

 

He must weigh more than 123.

Students First

“Approximately 940.. people saw the
magIdficent.  performances given by

James -Lobdell,'Carla' Pinelli‘, and‘th’e’“ '

others in the cast of "Stop the World—-
I Want to Get Off.”

Although the show ran for ten nights
to a full house. few in the audience were
State students. This was due primarily
to the fact that the tickets were sold out
a week and a half before the show be-
gan, and a week before this newspaper
had a chance to inform the general stu-
dent body of the play.

The situation brings to light an inter-
esting phenomenon. Namely, any Albany
citizen may purchase a season subscrip-
tion to SU Theatre productions and pre-
sentations. This subscription entitles
him to a ticket to each production, and
first priority "on‘the best seats in the
house. Yet ‘each student"'who pays his
student tax-~which 'by rights entitles
him to .a season subscription--mustwait
until outsiders have taken what they,
want, and then settle for what is left.

Student tax budgets are now coming
up for approval. At this time, groups
are usually called upon to clarify their

.policies in regard to the fair use of

student tax funds.

Unfortunately, the ticket policy of the
State University Theatre is all too clear.
Students must take a back seat-~if in-
deed they can get a seat at all--to the
Albany public, families of the cast, and
packs of high schoolers herded in by
eager teachers.

We feel strongly that eitherthis policy
be changed, or students should with-

draw their tax suppert of the SU Thea-
tre and purchase individual tickets to
the performances. At least this would
put them on an ,egual, rather than in-
ferior.r,b,a§is with the general public.

Policy Change

One of the finer concerts presentedon
campus was held Saturday when Music
Council presented the Bach Aria group
in Page Hall. The group consisted of
some of the leading vocalists and mu-
sicians in their field. -'

We would like to commend Music
Council for this program. It was one of
several classical concerts they have
sponsored this year. In fact, that is all
they have presented this year - classi—
cal concerts.

We do not have any grievance against
classical music. However, we do feel that
the purpose of Music Council is to pre-
sent a well-rounded program of enter-
tainment to cater to the tastes of the
student body.

In order to do this we feel that Music
Council should include folk music, jazz,
etc. in its program as much as pos-
sible. With this type of music being in-
cluded in its program, it will be serving
the majority of the student body.

This is particularly important since
students have to be convinced that they
get as much as possible out of their
student tax money.

With budgets being reviewed and
passed in the next weeks, we feel that
budget committee should not pass Music
Council's budget unless Music Council
includes a variety of musical programs.

 

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY I’M
IV THE CLASSOP IVII

 

 

The Albany Siudonl Press Is a semi-weekly newspaper published by the siudoni body of the Slain Universin ol New York

at Albany. The ASP office, locaied in Room 5 of

Bruhacher Hall or 750 State Sirooi, is op’en from 7-H p.m. Sunday through
Thursday nights. The ASP may be roochod by dialing 431L403].

JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
Ediior-in-Chiei

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH 5. HARDY
Executive Ediior

DON OPPEDISANO
Associate Sporis Ediior

EILEEN MANNING
Senior Editor

Desk Edirors

Assistant Business Manager

PATRICIA E. SIPLO
Feoiure Ediior

LARRY EPSTEIN
Ans Ediior
WALTER POST
Photography Editor

CHARLENE M. CARSON
Public Reloiions Editor

MARGARET DUNLAP
News Edilor

SANDRA ROSENTHA L
Business Manager

NANCY FELTS
Associate EdIior

LORRAINE R. BAZAN
Technical Supervisor

SH" Chapo, Kirsion Husled
Michael Purdy

 

Sta" Mnlcom Proves! Richard Kare, Mark Cunningham, Nancy Miedenbauer,

Wonier, Bill SchriIiman, John Sprou. Lin o

regmon, Siovo Curil,

Bob
Carol Alischillor, Linda Duliy, Soro Kiiislev, Marc Poleiio, Madeline Schnabel

Columnis"

 

Phorogrophrrl

 

Diana Somerville, Jonu Schneider, Harry Nuckols, Douglas Roihgeb,

D. Gordon Uphom, Bola Merrill, Roger Borkin

Too Moon Lee, Lewis Tichler, Siuori Luheri, Roberi Stephenson

'All communications mun In oddresrod io rho edilors and should be signed. Communicaiians should be lirniiod lo 300 words
and are whioci io editing. The Albany Siucloni Press assumes no responsibility for opinions expressed in Us columns

9] communications as such expressions do not necessarily relloci iis views.

T A THOUSAND pAveronn r. KennedyIn the White House.

5.70.. Harry S. Prieo,_Jr.‘ " ‘ '

M. Schlesinger, Jr. 1031 pp. Boston: Roughton Mifflfn Company.

Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., formerly'e'Pr-ofossor oi History at
Harvard, was also a leader of the group often referred to es the "lib-
oral iniel ectuals." He. had supported Adlai Stevenson duringeboth of
his camp gns, but as the latter continued to assert that news not a
candidate in 1960, Schlesinger displayed an interest in Kennedy. Ken-
nedy, whose Congressional record was not attractive to the liberals,
sought and received the active support of the articulate Schlesinger
during the summei' of 1959. After the election, he received In appoint-
ment as a Special Assistant to the President, where his dutiesincluded
advising the President on Latin American affairs and acting as a roving
reporter. Schlesinger was not aware that 'ho weaoxpectedio act as

lightening rod, to attract Republican attacks away, from' ihorest of the

‘ White House staff.

President Kennedy had expected Schlesinger to write a. “solid”
history of his Administration, and "A Thousand Days: meets that
speciﬁcation. The book is lucid and extremely rend‘ble.,The-umi-
chronological organiution serves well in connecting Rainier-related
world and domestic problems which might plague Kennedy at a given
moment. The backgrounds of the major problems are clearly, explained.
Schlesingor's own day by day journal is the major source, but he also
had access to much of the conﬁdential mlterialthnt ontoged the White
House. The author explains the absence of foot notes by emphasizing
the confidential nature of much of his material, but he has placed a
sealed, f tnoted copy in the Kennedy Library for usd’nt a time when the
security problems hsve . disappeared.,-,fl‘hfs seems to borzggroﬁeso‘nable
procedure for an historian of Schlesinger's stature. The early chrono-
logical chapters hnve a "dedicated liberal” approach, particularly linen
he writes. 'of , EisenhOWer's policies. This gisnotcnotlcenblg in 
ohapters;'~. r  . “.1 .-..~.- .. .-  « ‘ --= .' x . t u ,."’.“":-'.'.

The New Frontier came to Weshlngtonmith reasoned, liberal pro-
grams and some of its more ardent advocatesgolthoughnot Schlesinger,
expected. a New Deal “Hundred Days." The realltlesvof the Washington
situation were like the cold Albany wind. Southern DemocratsLusually
allied with, the Republicans, virtually controlled Congress, and Kennedy
had to be selective in his recommendations. Schlesinger argues, there-
fore, that Kennedy's success in securing thopnssage of 73 out of 107
major recommendationsds a significant achievement. In addition, he
asserts that the Civil Rights and Tax Cut programs would have cer-
tainly paﬁsed during a possible Kennedy Second Term. _

Another major problem, to be faced before any program could be
carried out, was that all government agencies and departments had
become so vast and complex that no longer could a President control
them. The situation in Defense was so alarming that Eisenhower had
warned of the danger of domination by the “Military-Industrial Com-
plex." Technology had created a monster, and Secretary McNamara
attempted,. and is still. attempting, to use technology to control that
monster. In addition, the "Massive retaliation" doctrine of the Eisen-
hower Administration had weakened the conventional military forces,
and little attempt had been made to triln troops for “brush fire wars."

As might be expected, foreign policy takes up most of the book.
Three positive programs were painfully introduced. These were the
Peace Corps, the Alliance for Progress, and the Test Ban Treaty. The
bulk of Kennedy's. time was devoted to the ever recurring and often inter-
related crfscs abroad. Russia was sensitive to west Berlin, and possible
Russian pressure there complicated Asian andLatin American problems.
Twice, Cuba caused major problems .-9 the fumbled Bay of Pigs incident
and the superny handled Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962. The Bay of Pigs
Crisis coincided with a turning point in Laos by his troubles nearer
home. The neutralization of Laos became the new administration policy.
Schlesinger brieﬂy, but clearly explains the worsening situation in Viet
Nam, and he describes the struggle within the government between the
advocates of military solutions and the supporters of apolitical solu-
tion. The Diem Government in Viet Nam took advantage of the absence
of any unified American policy, and accepted American aid while re-
jecting American demands for social reform. Henry Cabot Lodge, sent
to Viet Nam in 1963, forced a cut back in aid until Diem gave substantial
evidence of reform. A strictly Vietnamese revolution deposed Diem.
However, Kennedy could not avoid escalation and by November, 1963,
there were 16,000 American troops in Viet Nam.

“A Thousand Days” is an exeellent history to have been written
so closely to the time of Kennedy’s presidency. It will still have value
as a memoir, when a definitive history of that administration is written
in the years to come.

i names 1

Program Adlusimonis Seniors and Grad Students
Any students who have made a All students expecting to com—
program adjustment should go to plete degrees in June must file an
the Information Desk, first floor, application for degree in the Regis-
Draper Holland correcttlieir sched- trar's Office, Draper 206, not later

 

 

 

ule cards. This copy of your pro-
gram card should be kept corrected
and up-to-daie, as it is aprlmary
source of information.

Education Speaker

Kappa Delta Epsilon, Kappa Phi
Kappa, and the Student Education
Association are holding a joint
meeting on Thursday, March 24 at
7:30 in Bru Room 2. The speaker
for the evening is Mr. Walter Sco-
field, director of'the Schenectady
Home for Retarded Children. Re-
freshments will be served. All in-
terested students are invited to at-
tend.

Appllcoiion

Applications for iii-large posi-
tions on the Commission for Com-
munity Programming are available
at the Brubncher Information Desk
and in the Pei‘lstyles. Interested
peizsons must turn in the completed
form by March 80.

They may be submitted to Ronnie
Brauusiein, Schuyler Hall or to Jo-
anne ’I‘hlelen, Pierce Hall. lfnecss-
sary, they also may be sent to Judy
iiarjung, llorklmor Hall or through
Student mall.

than April 1. Graduate fees are due
in the Faculty—Student Assoolaiiun
Office, Draper 2fo.

Counselors Noodod

Counselors are wanted to serve
Girl State, which will be held at
the University during the month of
June. Preference is, given to girls
who have attended Girls State in
the past.

However, all interested girls
should apply. Remuneration consists
of room and board. Interested women
should write to: Mrs. Warren Shel-
don, 3612 Carmen Road, Middle-
pori', New York.

Photo Service

There wil be a meeting of Photo
Service members Saturday at 1:00
p.m. In the publications office.

Anyone interested in working on
photo service is invited to attend.

Hillel Movie
Hillel will present "Let My People
GO.” a documentary film of perso-
cution by David Wolper, Sunday,
March 20 at 8:00 p.m. in Draper

a:
.5
0

The film is open to the public
free of charge.

   
   

   
   

  

  
  

  
 
  
   

   

    

  

BLOOD DRIVE FOR SOLDIERS: Norvousnus
end goiiy marked tho Alpha Pi Alpha blood
drive for soldiers in Vietnam held Wednesday,
March 9 and Thursday, March IO in Brubacher
Low" Lounge. In the picture at left a student
begins the process by handing in permission

slip. Afterwards he received a hrieI examina-

3.-

tien and then went through the look oI actually
denoting blood (picture at right). The purpose
of the drive was to show concern for the loci
that American soldiers are dying in Vietnam.
The drive was successful as over 350 pints of
blood was donated.

 Discussion of China" Reveals
Misconceptions of Communist State

"‘Red China 'in tho‘World Today”

was the subject of a faculty panel
discussion sponsored by Forum of
Politics Monday. The panel con-
sisted of Dr. Richard Kendall, Dr.
Lois Stone and Mrs. Martha Egal-
ston. '
The diséuszon was divided into
three separate topics: Dr. Kendall
spoke on America’s reaction to
China, Dr. Stone discussed the Sim-
Soviet Split and Mrs. Egelston spoke
on China today.

Dr. Kendall began his discussion
by raising an objection to the term
“Red China!) He stated that the “use
of this term is symptomatic of a
grave problem in American foreign
policy since 1950, the U. S. has
tended‘to think of two Chinas, while,
in reality, there is one China and
an island called Taiwan."

Little Information

Dr. Kendall added, “most people
have a lot of opinions about China,
but little information.” Th1: in-
formation gap is a problem not only
for students and journalists, but fur
government officials.

Dr. Sone cited three recent do;
velopments in the world as evidence
that there are definite differences
in Russian and Chinese policy, and
that within these differences lie the
reasons for China's failure to
achieve a firm foothold among the
uncommitted nations of the world.

These three developments were
the exclusion of all Chinese tech-

Ecumenicai Lecture

An Ecumenical dinner and dis-
cussion will be sponsored by New-
man Association and Campus Chris-
tian Council Sunday, March 20 from
5:00 p.m. to 57:00 p.m. at the First
Lutheran Church.

The meal itself will be agape
which is modeled after the early
Christian custom of “breaking
bread."

nicians from Ghana after the recent
overthrow of Kwame Nkrumah, while
all Russian technical aids were al-
lowed to stay. Cuba's recent threats
to break off relations with China, and
the recent purge of the Communist
Party in Indonesia.

Dr. Stone explained -that, orig-
inally in the post-Stalinistera,Rus-
sia’s policy was to aid friendly na-
tions and to support the overthrow
of unfriendly nations. ’

Massive Technical Program

But Russia has now undertaken a
massive technical aid program with
much less political overtones, at
least overtly. China, in her effort
to assume the leadership of the
world communist .block, has adopted
a policy very similar to the former
Russian position. -

"Therefore, China has come to
suffer some great losses, while
Russia has been able to maintain
her contacts and presence in the un-
committed nations,” Dr. Stone
stated.

She concluded by sayingthat China
is now faced with a “massive isola-
tion problem with every major world
power and virtually every minor
power,” this may lead to a greater
instability within China. The mani-
festations of this instability may
pose a grave problem to the entire
world.

Common Misundersranding

Mrs. Egelston attempted to dis—
pel what she feels is a common
misunderstanding about China.
"Most people assume that with the
People's Republic came a totally
different entity.

“But actually, it was only a change
in regime,“ she explained.

She then presented a brief com-
parative analysis of the PeSple’s
Republic and the two previous Chi-
nese regimes. She stressed that
there was an elite in all three gov-

 

Cpen Your lamlieri’s Charge Account

No interest or carrying charge

 

2H Conlrol Au.

SIGN IN
iNK HERE

COURTESY CARD
7. ﬂ.  Jewelers

Albany, New York

This Cord Entities You To
20% Off On All Cosh Sales
(Repairs Excluded)

Fine Watch and Jewelry Repairing
Done on Premises

Phone: NE #79”

 

 

bpen evenings till 9 Saturday till 6

 

ernmenis, but that their ideologies
differed.

Mrs. Egelston pointed out that a
serious problem in improving re-
lations with China centers around
the radically different attitudes to-
wards forelgn policy that the Uni-
ted States and China have. The Uni-
ted States and her allies Operate
within the framework of interna-
tional law, based on an egalitarian
concept of nations.

Confuscion System

China has always had a confus-
cian system of international rela-
tions in which China was the “mid-
dle kingdom" with a culture su-
perlorfo all others.

Under this system the concept of
the Chinese family was extended to
the national and international level.

These two systems have collided
head-on'and- now China must face
the harsh reality of operation in a
world in which nations are treated
on a roughly equal basis, concluded
Mrs. Egelston.

I

  

At I Press Conference with Pres-

that student tax Is a tax levied by
the students -wlih~the approval of
the Trustees.

The tax ls‘now on a voluntary
basis, but Dr. collins feels that the
Student Association is an important
part of the University and it should
be made-compulsory if necessary.

_ In order for the students to effect

this change, the proper adminis-
trative officials would have to be
connected.

State University in:
llousing Charges $10

University officials have an-
nounced a, $10 rent increase in State
University dormitory fees which will
be effective In September 1966.This
raises the total room and board
charges to $785 for all dormitory
residents. Those students living in
a tripled room originally designed
for double occupancy will be charged

$785.

The increase does not yet affect
members of the Graduate School
Medical Centers, Contract Colleges;
and the Community Colleges of the
University. However, officials in-
dicated that an increase in housing
fees may be necessary at a later
date.

The rent raise comes as part of
a long-range program which began
with last year’s increase of $75.
This plan calls for additional in-
creases in 1967 and 1968. The pro-
jected series of small but regular
progressions in dormitory costs
was designed to meet the constantly
rising costs of construction in the
University system. This should en-
able the completion of development
programs through 1970.

The 1964 Master Plan of the State
University called for the state to
meet construction costs. However,
the bonds issued by the State Uni-
versity Construction Fund are not
the liability of the State.

Therefore, a major reason for'r

the increased living fees is that the
student must shoulder the cost of
interest rates on these bonds.

 

HO 5-1471

JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW IT . . . .

ART KAPNER

Writes all types of insurance

LIFE — AUTO - FIRE

Hospitalization
75 State Street

HO 2-5581

 

 

r

you 61M KEEP ON GOING FORM/_IL AS
MIA/r. . ME, IM smrarmla 7'0 Inns K/V/T

m

ht»; Collins Mondiy, student tak-
" discussed. He said the Boudof Colllns stated ' that;
‘ : Trustees makes rulings on fees and

LONG A: yo

 

 

_-——

 

Concerning u..-
sonallty- of {the

    
   

that fivhu already begunan

mining can be done topre

  
     

     
   

   

taken to insure attention
individual student to the inc

faculty. ‘

Each year the ratio of faculiyito'

students get better so th mo
attention can be given to on fruit
vidual. All attempts are both in ,
to avoid the impression of arfnctory

which a' large Institution  to.’

create. .

The Summer PlamlngConfercnco.
is another way in which the etudoniq-
can receive personal attention.,Moro
recognition of individual excellence
also helps to dissolve this problem”

of lmpersonality.

Fees Discussed
When a question of the placement
and graduation fees was raised, it
was cited as a fee created by need
and usage. These fees areexamplel
of services that should be provided

by the state, but must be paid by,

the students.

I The state, however, has begun to
make certain provisions for [grade

' uatlon fee. This should alleviate the
cost that must be paid by the stu-.
dent.

 

Portable
PHONOGRM'IIS
r sale
New and Uni
6 months guarantee
Trade-In accepted

BLUE NOTE SHOP

153 Central Avenue

Open Eves. except Saturday

 

 

 

 
     

uy 4 pruas
:6" One Free
(permanent policy)
Plain Pizza — $I.32 ‘
PIZZA G'LORE
From Chick'n G'Iore
Free Delivery to New Campus
in Car Ovens
Pizza with Chicken, Shrimp,
Sausage, etc.

Also Chick'n, Shrimp and
Rib Dinners
DELIVERED FREE IN ALBANY
(2 dinner minimum)
230 Washingion Avenue
(near Lark)

H0 3-3233

 
 
  
   
 

Sﬂ/RTS

 

 

   
  
 
     
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
    
  
    
 
  

 
  
   
    
 

  
 
          
 

J’s‘ﬂr’ : :- are": 

