     

   
   
 
   
   
   
 
  

   
 
    
  
  
  

 

 

.454

IN I922 THE STATE College tor Teachers at Albany was already an old institution, distinguished

  

in the professional community. Old Draper Hall and Howley library had already seen many years

at service.

Columns 0f Paper Produce Picture
Of Activity, Innovation, Excitement

For 50 years this newspaper has
chronicled the important events and the
day-to-day happenings of the people who
have made up Albany State. Through its
pages pass glimpses of the lives of
thousands of undergradatues and faculty
members. The events change, the times
pass. the needs are different and are
fulfilled in different ways.

Yet one ingredient of the college r3—
mains essentially unchanged through the
years. From 1916 to the present, one
spirit pervades both the stories anti the
editorials which have fillet] the pages
of this paper. The spirit is the spirit
of striving-~striving to become some-
thing more than what we now are.

Iichind the countless editorials‘tirging
more participation in school activities,
beyond the cries of “student apathy” and
“lack of faculty—studentconmiunication”
lies a firm belief that the school could
be better if more ideas, more i-nthu—
siasm, iiorc energy, were channelled
into it.

Many ideas have found their way ittto
thcse pages—-idcas for new traditions,
activities, and programs that\\'oitldiinite
the college and bind its members into
Closer fellowship with each other. And

  

.. .., cm"

THE COLLEGE HAS EMPLOYED a variety oI dorv
mlIOIiCEz through the years. Syddun Hall may not
have

llL'L'II the Dutch Ouud, but it served well

behind all of these ideas is the desire
always to grow, to become more than
we are rather than to rest on what we
have been.

:\nd at the root of all is the conviction
that what is done at this institution is
important and significant, not only to
those at the time, but to those who
will follow and benefit from what they
do.

in fact, it is a recognition of this es-
Scntial importance which led a group of
students to begin a nmrspaper, it i'ccot'd
for campus events. it was their will for
the paper that “in its columns, you will
feel the pulse heat of the student body.
it will be as it mirror shunting at, an
aiiglc into which a hotly peering will not
see his own, but rather the image of
another,”

'l‘hrough the 30 years the reflection
comes brick of countless students, each
engaged ill his own unique task of be—
coiiiing ’llltl each :it the same time giv-
ing of his time, his talents, and his
energies, inevitably, the institution has
grown with him.

The horizons hart- widened in 50
vcars. 'l'hc ciill for good alti-iitliiiict- at
a college sing has changed to it cry for
unity in 'ill 'Iilll-lttllltltl iiiiirch or it tight
to stop '1 lt'gisliitiw- biitlgct cut. 'I'lic
front page story of a sororin dance
has given way to an account of a new
pri-siilciit of thc .x'tiitc l'iiircrsily or
ticws of 'I state—widt- I'iiiri-i'sity tch»
\'i‘;ltili Iii'lt‘,‘ttl'l{.

Ycl always llll'
This is

lot-Ir; is lllt'
iicws tit 'wr.
lit \llt‘iiiY

that is itiiportnut
Ilt'\\“s tlirit will “lllt‘t'l
.\lti:iii\' ‘\l:i|t', llt'\\"i lllttl will t'lnittgt' it.
hit! 4"lt‘ll ctritigc is lltl‘l with resistant-c,
t-i'.tii-i'/.:-d, cotiilciiiiictl, :iiid \’t'l \\’t‘l“
('tililt'tl, lll‘l'Illlfil' cat-h changi- helps this

school

“info,

o Iii-conic, to grow, to ltllllll its
protitisc.

,\|ltl li'oiit thin t‘lilt'l'tit'ﬁ tlic lltitt;J_t‘ til
it sttitlt-itl hotly llllllt‘tl iii spiti- ol Ill‘w”
iiiiiiy, t'Xt'llt'tl Iii-ticulh tht- :II)IIIII\', proud
behind lllt' imtitfi-rcncc.

'l'lii- l't't'tll'tl is tin-rc. I"or ﬁt! your, :iii
ietit-iui'liaaging group of students hurt-
captlii'i-il sonic of thc lift- of the school
around lhi-iii and put it iii thi- prigcsot'
ii lit".\‘fi[)fl[tt‘l', “In its t'tiltlillllH \’till will
hm] lllt‘ pulsi: llt'ttl iii llic Hllltlteiit hotly,"

«Illllt'.

50TH ANNIVERSARY OCTOBER 4, I966

NEWSPAPER REFLECTS

l

 '. t '

 
  
 
  
  

In: , .

g.

. I!
'4/

I
i

    

 _ . , “it

ALBANY STATE HAS ALWAYS b

can able to present a number of

outstanding professional entertainers. Leadbelly performed at the

College in the 1930': bolero an onthuliastic crowd.

 

THE VICTIM at the University's growth, Rivalry, once served as
the annual Frosh-Soph battle. Fun was had by all in the much
smaller college.

 

TYPICAL OF THE COLLEGE
between the trosli and soph cla
Iriiirripliutl

was the annual pushball contest
nun. Experienced Soplis usually

     

  

OCTOBER 4, I966

50TH ANNIVERSARY

Reports Continuing Growth
Of College Life, Facilities

The lead story in the first State College News in
1916 annotmced. typically, the “Largest Freshman
Class in History of the College.” “The phenomenal
growth of State College has receiva no check this

year,” the

paper reported, “On the contrary, it.

seems as if it has gained added impetus. This year’s
entering class has outstripped any of the former
years in respect to numbers."

More than 330 new I'i'osh were reported rcgistcrcd,
and the News "arriod tlic additional encouraging note
that “the proportion of the men in the college has

been grmviiig steadily with
every new class. From
about 10 to l in thc girls’
favor only :1 few years ago,
it has now reached the 5
to 1 mark.”

 

PITCHING INTO the clIort in
World War II, two students run

the college commando course

CONSTRUCTION is A THEME tliut lUlI‘i throughout the

White llil's lttt'lt'tt‘d’ in si/e was
applauded .t‘w “a ttiiltitriiitt testi-
lll'tltlill to its (the t-ialli-rit’s) ex-
t‘t‘llt'tll iii.iii;u:i-Iiiciit Ettl its effl-
t-ii-iit Itlt'tlltt.” it a-.:i:. also seen as
tau-,iiig It serious piolii-ni. "That
I‘. the problem ol ilt'ltilllllltrtlilllllg
11 HIlltlt‘Iit hod\ [nut is in toiitgittw-
inr it~ pit-stint tiiiaiii-is,“ Hopes
tot ‘~.|t.lli\liili of physical tat-titties
were coupled with the announce-
nicni that ltIltlll‘ tlltpllt'tlitlh might
i..i\i- to quality on :t scholarship
test ltt‘llll't' gaining entrance as
ti‘esiiirieii.

Thus t.‘i the tirst oi many stir-h
articles Llllt'll lithe [(‘t‘tll'thIl the
growth oi the tutti-go, pinsiczilli,
iii-,atit-iiiii'uiiy, and sot iii'lt'.

Senior COLHICtl Bruin:

The lost Student ( IlIIll‘ll was
iippmuted it‘Utti among the IIlt'Illlil‘I'S
ot the I‘Illtll' chi s it. NH. The
toiiiii-il Iris tltiirtti-d \"Illl the H‘-
spoiisilvi. ‘. “to glue hot or tor teati-
i-i‘aliip .ii.l to center thc responsi-
lillll‘. iv! the 'njlil'll and the ideals
oi lllt'  ltll‘ltl hodi." .\ week later
this i1i~i ninth-tit tlillllt'll those to
rail list-It {\th'ItANIA.

Since then its name appears tre-
tiuitiitlr ii. the News pages its 1: leg-
isiulc-t and intimated Illl‘ rules and
traditions ol a steadily growing
.‘a'llitlt'tll itodi.

"Yes" to Student Tax

Student t 'ilso made its appear ~
tllit'l‘ in liil'I when the student both
roii-d ltlltlllitlitill. _\' to Iiiiptist- a Hil—
iiulriii tax oi $ upon iiieiiiseltch.
I‘iiiti' to the ,olititi, lllt' News had
mitt-ti, “the proposition ltl'tlililhﬂb
to ll‘iltll'llttlil/t‘ tonditions iii the
\lillt'ltl itoiI_\' iii Shite t’iillegc. l'il'l-
tlu, iii-ii’rtiiitt’s t‘dlllt‘lliit' \\llI linikc
Shite (lillt't’l' histoit. be piewiit
and note ‘\i*s'."

him c tin-iithi-NewsIt.i-.itiit:iiiiiigly
sitppi-rii-tl the pinnicni ot the Ill3\ hi
all students. III the oath rears it
men made the pint tit-i- oi [tl‘lllllllt'
tiii~ Ii.||I|('!~. oi those who lltltl iriiiiul
tt- p.t\.

 

 

Strong Spirit
‘npttitn :ilsit ll'll‘l t-Il lllllI'lt'
ttliiiiliiitn of spiit'c uiitl hlllilitil t In

Uni vi~ii.ity'-. history

ULSEBEAT 0F DYNAMIC

 

mwmwammrmummimimy

AL BAN Y STUDENT PRESS

SUDENT BOD

page 5

 

COLLEGE LIFE MOVED at a more sedate pace during the first decade at the newspaper's exist-
ence, Here the Draper Rotunda is seen decorated for the annual sorority tea.

the News’ pages. The “First i"(tot-
hail iii the History of the College”
was announced in ltilti, but with the
advent o1 World \\'ar 1, neither the
money nor the nit-ii was available
to maintain the sport on rumpus.

'I'hrit student spirit “its strong
for their teams is r-iitleiici-tl by
a short letter \\'lllt'll appeared in
1017:

"Dear Sir: In answer to a request
received hi it student toiiituiliec,I
Wish to ripoiogi/it through the rul-
umiis o1 your paper tor I'titilitll’, t'ur
Niagara, my tormt-r Alum .\litter,
iti her game here with State (.iiI-
lt‘tll‘."

’l‘he experiiiieiii sitrreedt-d to the
point where the Ctr—op herniat- the
State UIIIH‘t'HIH l'itltlhhltil't‘, a cor-
poi'ation tleziliiir, in millions of dol-
liti‘s uoiii. oi lliI'l't'litIlitllHt‘ each
‘. t-Zil .

Extensrve Plans

"I'ini-nsitn l)t)t'ti|lIIiI‘\ I‘Iaits"
wett-iiiittoiiinmlitiI1122,iiiid;ilthoiigh
tlic til'sl ici-eidcni‘chall\\'iisiioidedl-
rated uitttl lti.’t:’i, it was promised
that ".‘itnte \\‘ill haw one of the tar-
gitni sistt-ins ot tltiI'IllIIiIl'lt‘b lIl any
(:(illumt llt ll|t‘ State."

Ilitriiiiiori facilities were not the
only Ill‘t'tI oi the tarot-dint college.
by 1:125 the “met t’iti\\‘tll|l|' iii State
tolit-itc" was I'l'}',llitll'tl its “a ser-
miis nltllttlitili.” t-.‘-.iiitnic IIIt‘IISlII'GS
\\‘t'lt' iitkcii:

“itii account it] Illllt tit SpllCO,
I'lttllw‘dll ltaiid Hutchinson’s Gov-
t‘lliliil'ltl I: Illlhh students hate IIII-
|‘_l:|lttll to llit‘ Sunilm school room
III the Unitiii iiin (lllll't‘ll :it the cor-

 

Iii the early I950“-
Brulmchut Hull became the third of the live thIIIIlIOIIL“. it. llt' urii-iiiitieil on the old toatrleiice
quutlrriiirile Since World War ll the University has uxpciteiiturl It" almost unlielievnlile growth,

Clitlluxml by the dramatic presence on the New Campus

tier oi \\'astiingtoit Avenue, Itobili,
and West streets.

“IL'Very Monday, \\'ixducsday, and
l-‘riday at 12:15 period students
brave the weather to rein-It their
destination.”

And so the lll‘SI ot numerous ari-
nexes came into littliiic. The paper

has r worded trinity other accounts,
plain drawings, and criticisms of
the xarieiy or buildings which have
grown on State’s many campuses.

The warning given In 1916 that
tiir-iltties might be inadequate was
duly heeded, and in 1966 the “Uni-
vei'siiy Moves to New Campus.”

 

SPORTS HAVE LONG BEEN a viable part of student lile at Al-
bany State. This year More students than ever will participate in
formal and int-rmural sports.

SYMBOL OF A BRIGHT FUTURE, the New Campus represents

  

yet another chapter in the continuing story of the University.

The brightest panes should be written there.

 

 

