use-2:.“ w,_ ,. .,  ..

“some r

i
i

 

 

  

’"ir‘ecto’ry:

 

. Following Is a partial and
tentative list of training pro-
'gr’ams for overseas assign-
ments 'scheduled for Summer

1966.

‘The index at the bottom of
the facing page lists, by aca-
demic major, those programs
requiring ‘speclfic skill or
educational background.

it your major‘subiect is not
listed in the index, refer to the
sections describing the areas
of the world in which you wish
to work.

 

 

 

LATIN AMERICA

Community Development

101. COLOMBIA Volunteers will work
throughout the country with trained Colom-
bian co—worltcrs in'community development
teams to assist the Colombian Ministry of
Government, Division of Community. Action.
Architects and engineers will be versed in
community action. but will work in their
professional capacities.

102. CIIILE Volunteers will work with two
agencies. the Fundacion de Viviendas y
Asistenciad Social and the Agrarian Reform
Cprporation in either the poblaci‘orres (one
step above a slum) or rural alt/err: (newly
formed rural colonies).

103. PERU Volunteers will work closely
with governmental and private institutions
claiming interest in the barriadas (urban
slums resulting from mass migration to the
cities), initiating and implementing effective
community organizations.

104. PERU Working with the National
Agrarian Reform and Coorremcian Popular,
Volunteers will work with mestizo patrons to
understand the campesiiio (rural peasant) and
prepare the campesino for entry into social
and economic life when he gets his own land.
Specialists will work with Cooperacion Pop-
ular in pertinent self-help projects.

105. HONDURAS Volunteers will work
with a new agency. the National Institute of
Community Development. They will be as-
signed to rural municipio having anywhere
from 5-30 villages and will use their special
skills in developing both the municipality and
the villages. Volunteers in urban areas will
work largely with the National institute of
Housing in low-cost housing units.

Technical and Industrial
Education

106. CIIILE Volunteers will teach pro-
fessional and in-service training courses for
laborers. supervisors and instructors in trade
schools. small factories and polytechnic in-
stitutes throughout Chile. Several Volunteers
will serve as technicians in urban slums
where small industrial shops are planned.

107. VENEZUELA Working with the Min-
istry of Education, Volunteers will teach
manual and industrial arts and home econom-
ics in vocational and technical schools and
secondary schools.

Education

108. CHILE Volunteers will work as as-
sistant professors and vocational educators in
their specific fields and will take part in eve-
ning classes. study groups, workshops and
cultural organizations at the university to
which they are assigned.

109. JAMAICA Volunteers will assist the
Ministries of Education, Agriculture and De-
velopment and Welfare in communities
throughout the country. Depending on back-
grounds, they will be associate members of
the University of West indies in pre-primary
schools. will work in greater and more ef-
fective utilization of educational television,
will teach in youth camps, or will work to
Illcmee the number and effectiveness at
co-opI.

110. ECUADOR Volunteers will teach their
specialty in universities and normal schools
in Ambato. Guayaquil, Lois and Quito. They.
and their co-professors. will be responsible to
the Ministry of Education. \

111. BRITISH HONDURAS Volunteers
will work through the Ministry 0! Educa-
ticin's Office of Social Development in ser-
ondary schools. primary teacher training and
village development. Specialists will work
in the Department of Public Works or with
the Civil Aviation Department. Assistance is
urgently needed while United Kingdom per-
sonnel leave in anticipation of independence.

112. COLOMBIA Voluntee'rs with science
backgrounds will introduce new methods and
material in their specialty to secondary school
teachers in training. Engineers will be as-
signed to one of four universities to. upgrade
engineering instruction in the department.
All Volunteers will be responsible to'the
Ministry of Education.

Physical Education

113. VENEZUELA Volunteers will work
in elementary, secondary and teacher train-
ing institutions throughout the country. seek-
ing to upgrade physical education in the
schools and the surrounding community or
communities.

114. COSTA RICA Volunteers will work
with counterparts in secondary school physi-
cal education programs, community recreation
programs, and will give courses sponsored
by the Ministry of Education to teachers
during the summer vacations.

115. ECUADOR Working with the Sports
Federations in the provinces, Volunteers will
work at grass roots levels to encourage con-
struction of facilities. formation of sports
clubs, and camps for the underprivileged. and
will probably teach physical education in the
local secondary schools. They will also
help get underway a strong new program of
physical education at Central University in
Quito.

116. COLOMBIA Under the technical sup-
ervision of the American Association for
Health, Physical Education and Recreation
and various Colombian agencies. Volunteers
will assist in the expansion and improvement
of youth programs, physical education pro-
grams. sports clubs, etc. throughout the
country and will assist in the televising of
educational programs in health. physical
education and recreation.

Secretarial

117. LATIN AMERICA REGIONAL Vol-
unteers. depending upon their professional
qualiﬁcations. will serve as chief secretaries.
office managers or secretaries to staff mem-
bers in Peace Corps offices in Bolivia, Bra-
zil. Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Re-
public. El Salvador, Guatcmalu, Honduras,
Jamaica, Panama, Peru or Venezuela.

Food, Agricultural and 4-H

118. COLOMBIA Volunteers will work in
rural areas under the technical direction and
supervision of United Nations FAO and Co-
lombitin National institute of Nutrition ofﬁ-
cials. They will be concerned with home
economics and agricultural extension tic-
tivities.

119. EL SALVADOR Volunteers will work
with local extension agents throughout the
country to help expand and strengthen 4-H
clubs. They will be responsible to the na-
tional 4-H supervisor.

120. ECUADOR Volunteers will work un-
der the administration of Heifer Projects. inc.
With Ecuadorean counterparts, they will work
with composing: (rura‘l peasants) in lower-
ievel agriculture and community development
programs. Veterinarians will teach at three
universities; foresters will work on the na-
tional forestry development plan; and engi-
neers will work in rural irrigation and con-
struction projects.

Cooperatives

121. CIIILE Volunteers will work with
speciﬁc ﬁshing co-ops along the Chilean coast
in their area of specialty. Home economists
will work with fishermen's wives in nutrition,
general extension and community develop-
ment work, complementing the work of the
men in the program.

122. PERU Volunteers will work with
existing co-ops which were hastin formed and
need education and guidance if they are not
to fall. They will work as trainers and coun-
selors. teaching people to take responsibility
for the management of their own aﬂ'airs
through cooperative efforts.

123. VENEZUELA Volunteers will assist
the Socio-Economic Department of National
Agrarian Reform institute (iAN) in the ad-
ministration and management of the agri-
cultural production cooperatives within the
agrarian reform settlements.

124. VENEZUELA Volunteers, assisting
the Department of Cooperatives. will work
throughout the country in savings and loan.
consumers, transportation. production (agri-
culture and arts and crafts) and housing co-
operatives. Area emphasis wiil be on Vene-
zuela‘s central and western States.

Public and Municipal
Administration

125. CHILE Volunteers and Chilean Spe-
cialists will work in teams under the newly
formed Ministry of Urban Affairs in pro-
vincial cities throughout the country. Team

'6 Overseas ' raining Programs

members will serve as trainers and advisers
to local governmental ofﬁcials in all aspects
of public and municipal administration.

126. VENEZUELA Venezuela's Foundation
for Community Development and Municipal
improvement has been primarily concerned
with urban housing projects. Volunteers,
by studying, surveying and working on mu-
nicipal projects in various cities. will help
them attain the diversification they desire.

Electrification

127. ECUADOR Working under the Ecua-
dorean institute of Electriﬁcation, Volunteers
will help promote and standardize the elec-
triﬁcation of the country and help train
nationals in construction. operation and
maintenance of systems throughout the coun-
try. Engineers will design, supervise and help
administrate the systems.

Educational Television/
Television Literacy

128. COLOMBIA Volunteers will work
with the llliteracy Section of the Ministry
of Education, developing literacy centers
throughout the country. recruiting illiteratcs

 

Nearly 4,000 Volunteers are now at
work in 18 Latin American countries.

OEIemantary and Secondary Education
0 University Education

0 Adult Education

OPhysical Education

°Vocational Education

a Rural Community Development

0 Urban Community Development
OAgriculture (Crops and Livestock)
OHealth (Lab Technicians, Doctors)
0 Nursing

0 Nutrition (Home Economics,
School Lunch Program)

@ Engineering
Q Law and Public Administration

0 Co-operativas (Production, Marketing,
Savings and Loan)

6 Construction
@ Mechanics

0 Performing Arts (Drama, Dance,
Music, Production)

 

 
  

, eit'trisu
“ HONDURAS

 

 
 
 

 

  

 

 

  
 
   

  
 

 
 

Cumin-

.ltctncnlaq on secondary Education .uimitmi lemI mka

 

Quin-inns tem- um tin-toes)
. nuns iL-ii Technicians, nests")

lsheel tum Program)
. (n'lmtin'
.u- ms Public Mmlnlwetlen
. co um IHI‘MIlan.
g. sin-i.- me Luni
. Osnltmlloﬂ
.Iunanlct

.Plrtetrllng am lDllIlll. aim.
lune. Ptlltl‘lllltl

  

 

 

 

 

 

WHERE THE ACTION IS: 12,000 Volunteers in these skill areas are now at work in 46 African, Asian and Latin American countries

 

AFRICA

Education

201. TANZANIA Volunteers will teach iii
secondary schools throughout lhe country
and will help expand the teaching of agriciil<
turc science, and shop in the country‘s iippcr
primary schools. Lawyers will teach law ill
the university in Dar es Salaam: music tench-
crs will work with tltc notional bond and
chorus being formed.

203. SIERRA LEONE Following n (toy
crnmcnt sylltibits its on ltl\lfiii,‘i|l)r| giiidc
Volunteers will teach iipprosiiniiicly 25 hours
per week iii one of the following t‘\i moth.
science. geography, hi\tnry home economics.
agriculture, art. English. 1- fit.
ncss, lihriiry science. pliys di cducution.
20-1. LIIIERIA Volunteers will tctich tiitith.
science. English, social studies and lilisint‘sv
throughout Liberia in junior itlltl senior high
schools.

205. UGANDA Utidcr gcncriil authority of
the Ministry of Education and in oil \CL'IiIIlIs
of Uganda. Volunteers will lunch biology.
physics. chemistry. ninth. English. history
and geography in sci'ondtir’y \chools.

 

 

 

20ft. NHJI‘IIUA VtillinIL-crs \Hii tench
throughout lltc country in secondary schools
and universities itndcr the Ministry of i'itilltJil'
lion.

207. WEST CAMEROON Voluntccri will
teach l glisli. history, geography. mirth and
science in chiircli-tipcrtitcd :intl gmcinrncnt
schools throughout We'd (‘tinicioon

  

2011. GUINEA AN!) TOGO Volunteers will
expand the present program of math rind
science instruction in secondary \LlltllliN in tin;
two countries. Nurr: This I\ u mum \t'ilr
(ATP) progrmii Ollt‘li to i-ulli'gi' irirrmri rttlli'.

209. GIIANA Undcr the Ministry of lzdii-
cation. Volunteers will Iciich rruith. biology,
physics and chemistry in prinniry .irul niiddlc
schools throughout the country.

210. FRENCII SPEAKING AFRICA (It'nry‘
Ctrrrst. anwii, Guirrr'rr and Tim" Volun-
teers will teach English as it foreign language,
including granuniir. composition. literttliirc
and conversation.

2ll. TANZANIA Voltintccis \vill ictich lus-
IU’Y. geography and iiititli/scicncc in sec»
undury schools throitgliuiit the country.

212. NIGERIA Volunteers will teach ling
lish, mathematics, science. geography. French.
und industrial iirls in secondary schools
throughout the country.

213. ETIIIOI'IA Volunteers wrll teach:
English. social studies, and yoctitionnl stth‘
lects in Iiinior Secondary Schools: itiiglisli.
social studies. and math iind \L‘ictlce in Senior
Secondary Schools; and liusrncsi, 111W and
other subjects ill the University Denionsrrii»
lion School.

Health

214. NIGER Working with the Ministry of
“ﬁlth, Volunteers will help strifl it new
health center at Dosso. the mobile ieunrs
attached to it. and the outlying vilhiges.
Function oi the health centers is to seek and
treat the ill, provide a program of health
education and preventive medicine. and train
medical personnel.

215. SENEGAL Teams of one Volunteer,
one Senegalese male nurse. and ii Senegalese
Ilnltarlan will work in rural areas. to im-
Prove nutritional standards. sanitary procv

Iiccs. and touch hygienic methods of food
growing and handling. They will be tcch-
uicnlly buckstopped by UNESCO.

21ft. TOGO in tetinn of three and working
out of towns with hospitals. anunlccrx will
visit one village it day on it recurring btnis
to combine preventive and curative medicine.
collect dtita. mtike hctiltli inspections mid
tctirli health practices to adults and children.
One nurse will teach public hctilllt :it the
Lottie Nursing Schno.

2H. IVORY COAST Volunlccis in lilt.‘
Inntcrnul and child lictiltli program will work
in teams with an lyoiricn coiinlcrptirt mnl-
wife «citing up prcntiitil consultation. “cli-
btiby clinic\ and hctilih and nutritional critica-
tiort progriints. The doctor will insist III or-
gtinirntion and technical goitlnncc. Olin-r
Volunteers will work in tlic [‘\}L‘ll|rtll‘l\.‘ hm-
pittil in occupational tlicrtipi.

2lll. NIGERIA Voluiitccrx VIII] sltcngtlicn
the existing programs of the torn itilllullill
ministries and thc i‘L‘kiLfill Minixtry of “will!
iii IhL‘ fields of public health. prcwntive nit-th-
cinc and health education iii the villugc Icvrl

21‘). MALAWI Viiliintccn Will ||\L' llll‘t'l-
ciilosis in it prototype tii\L'Ll\t' around which
it systcm of gcncrtil titlllllt'lilnf) ciic .ind
clicclivc lictrlih prticticcs can in: constructed.
l‘hcy Vtill trtiin African \irirkcrs to curry on
their work.

220. ETIIIOI’H Mini-i will tirgiinilc tintl
conduct training L‘DIIHL'\ for " rcsscis"
lllL‘illlil vxorkcrxi, r’lIi-iliiul ri-ilrriuloi-riri will
work with student lcCllnlLlilll\ iinil ctillt'gc
grtuliiutcx who have tlcgrccs Ill science. lL'ilL‘ll-
ing tlicrri lt't'ltnli]llt:\ of laboratory work.
IIt’IllIh i't/lllillilft will work 1“ two citll'l's
:illll ill font tctitlicr training \L‘lltillls. cdticut-
trig lllt.‘ ftiliiic tcticlicis ilntl t'nt‘tiurtiging in.
L'ilhltltl of health t-tliictition mun-tin] rriro .ill
science curricula

Agriculture

Viiilllllt‘L'H will work in lllt'
in Utilllflfchcnknt.‘

22l. .‘IIJEIll-l
itnir regions of Nigcriti
regional dcvcloprncnr prnginnu with i'nrrntu
ministrtcx of the government Non/mu “Util-
phusis Will be on l|\l.'\l(!t.’k innntigcinciii. iii.ii«
kcling L‘Ul)[lL'ltlII\t.'\, \Iilitll l)l|\|llL'\\ develop-
ll|t.‘lll turd community dctclupincnt IZIltit‘Ill
rural development tonuruction. Young ltllnl'
i-n clubs. surveying rind C.I\ll crop orgiiniling.
\‘L-loprncnt of Young Furincrs
iycr's litlnh, immiry. poultry
tillli instruction in construction and rural
u/t‘AII'Nl will; instruction. Young
Farmers clubt. iigriciiltnriil extension and
urban youth club programs.

 

 

222. GUINEA Volunteeri Will work out of
regional farms to pitt land into production.
increase crop production and do villtigc cxicn~
\lllll work. Others will train pcnonticl in tltc
ll.|lillnili agricultural schools and still tillicrk
will work in palm oil industry iigcnts,

22'l. .'\'II'I"R Utich the Ministry of Rural
if thou . Volunteers will work for various
or bruncth of the Ministry iind

 

  

the Ni _ >
will hclp establish cooperatives by furnishing
credit to liirmcrs and advising them on crops.
Others will tctich practical agriculture or help
organize- it well digging and irrigation
program.

Land Settlement

224. TANZANIA Volunteers will work
with Village Settlement Agency of the Min-
istry of Land Settlement and Water Develop-
nienl, organizing and educating the new set.
tiers to eventually govern themselves and
efiect development projects.

225. KENYA Working under the Ministry
of Lands and Settlement, Volunteers will
work as Lund Settlement Ofﬁcers or assist-
ants. helping in the program of transferring ti
million acres of land from European to
African, ownership. and the dcvclopnicnt and
operation of cooperatives.

Domestic Arts/
Home Improvement

221i. “'0!” COAST Volunteers “Ill tcticli
domestic :rrts tit vocational high schools for
girls in iioiiukr: nnd Abidjan its reqticvietl by
the Miniitry of Education.

227. II'ORY COAST Under the Minis“)
of Youth rind Sports. Volunteers will work in
ivory Co t fcrnulc iidtilt education programs
known its "Foyer Feminins" to tench lvoiricn
women literacy, basic health and home arts
and to broaden lhcir horirons. They will work
in both urban and rural areas.

 

Community Development

2211. HTIIIOI’IA Volunteers will work in
[111: community centers of seven large Ethiop-
L . They will aid in the development til
tch Attciill welfare programs. such fl\
lictilth edt on. adult literacy. recreation
iiinl lttinilicrtiil instruction.

 

Highways

22‘). ETIIIOI'IA The planning. tidininnirri-
tion. and iniplcrncnttition of the lrnpciitil
Highway Authority‘s program to develop 4
professional highway dcptirlmcut in lithiopiu
llih been hampered greatly by inildcqlltllt‘l)’
triiincd personnel. Volunteers will trim to
improve job \klih of [Ethiopians in the pro-
gram.

Construction

230. TANZANIA Volunteers will serve as
members of fit-Id units. under Dcvcloprncnt
l‘icld ()flicc»: their aim will bi: to stimulate
and guide self-help development through t.'ti-
coiirtiging involvement of local people and
training them in simple construction and dc»
vclopinent tccliniqitci.

2111. SOMALIA Under the le|1\ll‘y of
lidiictilion. Volunteers will work iti mobile.
self-contained teams to build or iclurbnh
one to four room schools. using locnlly re-
criiitctl labor and locally available tittitcrinl

Fisheries

232. TOGO Working under the Service
dcs l’echcs with Togolcsc counterparts. Vol~
unteers will assist in running cxistant inland
ﬁsheries in Ccnlral 'l'ugo and iii IlIL' icnui'ii-
iion arid construction of new dams and fiin
ponds.

Social Welfare ‘

233. SENEGAL Volunteers working under
the Ministry of Health and Social Mlulrs will
open and stall Social Welfare Centers and
Maternal and Child Welfare Centers. They
will do group-teaching of domestic arts.
reading and writing. recreation. and health
education, encouraging village women to
better their social conditions and general
health.

Adult/Vocational Education
834. NIGER Under the Ministry of Edu-

cation, Volunteers will travel between villages
to teach adults basic literacy in native lan-

guages. French and arithmetic. An artist will
hclp develop audio-visual aids. Those under
Ministry of Health vtill work in social centers
and rural dispensuries. teaching hygiene, stini-
turion, infant care. sewing. cooking and lit»
cracy. Nurses. will teach theoretical and pfilC‘
iicril work to students at the nursing school
in Niamey.

235. “'0!” COAST Volunteers will teach
prti icul vocational skills at three technical
centers in rural areas. These centers develop
basic skills in carpentry. masonry. mechanics
and metal work so that young men with little
or no formal education can meet local rc-
quirments for skilled laborers.

   

NORTH AFRICA,
NEAR EAST,
SOUTH ASIA

Education

301. TUNISIA Volunteers will teach Eng-
lish us a foreign language in Ministry of
Education secondary schools iind adult educa-
tion schools tlinurgiiibu institutes) through-
out thc country.

1102. TURKEY Volunteers will be assigned
to junior high. high schools and university
prep schools throughout the country under
the Ministry of Education. They will also
start . gliih clubs. conduct adult education
coursu anti generally be involved in extra-
curricular iiclivrtics,

303. MOROCCO Volunteers will teach
Engliin iii Minittry of Education junior high
tind high schools throughout the country.

  

304. NEPAL Volunteers will teach fingv
lisli, math and science. home arts in middle
uiid hiin schools under the Ministry of Eco-
numic Planning. Several will teach at colleges
and tettchcr training schools.

305. AFGHANISTAN Voluntccrs will teach
English. ninth and "once courses, carrying
full Ictiching loads, and will have till the
normal responsibilities given in Afghan tench-
ers. English is it required subject in all
Afghan secondary schools.

   

30ft. IRAN Volunteers in secondary schools
will work with lrtinian counterparts to mist:
the level of English language instructions.
Thus: with MA‘s in English will work in
colleges and universities training English
teachers.

5107. TURKEY Volunteers will teach Eng-
lish (Turkey's second language) in junior and
senior hiin schools in eastern Turkey. They
will teach between 20-30 hours during the
5V1 day school week.

308.1UIIKEY Volunteers will work in
orphanages operated by the Ministries of
Health and Education to introduce modern
child care and increase comntuniiy interest
in the institutions. Nursery school teachers
will be assigned to the Girls' Technical in-
stitutes to introduce new concepts and
methods of child care and instruction.

Community Development

309. NEPAL Volunteers will be assigned
to Development District: which include sev-
eral conununlticl in a wide geographic area.
They will assist development officers in
training of village leaders, as demonstrations
and improved communications between vil-
lages and district ofﬁcials.

310. INDIA Volunteers will work with
individqu private producers. state poultry
farms and cooperative markets to improve
feed and poultry production and distribution.
They will also work in teaching nutrition and
food preservation.

311. TURKEY Volunteers will be mem-
bers of village mobile teams. operated by the
Turkish Ministry of Education. through the
Technical Education Directorate. These teams
move from village to village on a regular
basis, offering courses aimed at uplifting the
standard of living by importing technical
skills and inducing self-help programs.

Rural Literacy and
Community Development

312. IRAN Mole Volunteers will work
with lrtin's Literacy Corps. which is the
country's moo effective instrument in ritrnl
community development. Females will serve
as It. ‘licrs in provincial schools for riirtil
and lribiil girls. Spciulists will Il’iliIl Literacy
Corps guides or supervisors in Karaj.

 

Food Production/Agriculture

313. NEI‘AI. Working under the Ministry
of Economic Planning and with district Agri-
cultiiriil Development Oliiccrt. Volunteers
will help develop agricultural cooperatives
tit village and district levels. aiming to pro-
vide crcdit fiicilitics and improve agricultural
Icchnitnics and distribution.

31-1. INDIA Volunteers will work with
illock Development Ofﬁcers. the Ag Exten-
sion Ofﬁcer. village level workers and village
council cliziirnicn in the newly established
"composite tlrutcgy programme" designed to
rilleviiiic the food Lritls through technical
assistance.

315. AFGHANISTAN Under the Ministry
of Agriculture. Volunteers will work in five
cxpcrirnctttiil stations when: they will demon-
strate the proper use of fertilizers. seeding,
' iiion. cultivation and harvasting. Each
will work with it counterpart and train boys
from surrounding farms and through them
engage in extension work.

Health

316. AFGHANISTAN Volunteers will work
in pairs along with air Afghan counterpart.
under the Ministry of Health. They will train
counterparts to give smallpox inoculations
and will implement vaccination campaigns in
rurtil villages where they will also give
women brisic instruction in sanitation and
health.

317 TUNISIA Health worker teams and
their Tunisian counterparts will carry out
health education and health action programs
in rural areas. Lab technicians will be as-
signed to rural hospitals.

318. MOROCCO Mrilirul it'rlinologlti: will
work in hospital and public health labs. per-
forming tesis and supervising students in their
lab work. Grnrrulisrr will work in labs or
TB saniioriumS. doing lab examinations. sup<
crvising Moroccan assistants. screening for
tuberculosis. and performing routine sur-
veillance of food, water and milk products
or will work at the animal hospital. Vel-
ellnulluns will work with the Moroccan and
international staff of the Rs animal hospital.
1140': will head a Rabat-based mobile lab
unit doing mass screening and health studies
and will assist the Director of the Institute
of Hygiene.

819. INDIA Volunteers will travel within
the state of Mysore. training teach-
en in basic training schools about simple
health practices and nutrition.

:
a

   

 

  

   
 
  
    
       
   
       
    
      
      
       
       
     
     
     
      
      
    
     
  
 
 
  

 
    
  
  
   
   
 

  
    
      
      
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
     
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
     
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
     
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
    
     
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
    
      
  
  
 

 

I
>
1‘

