   
 

   
  

  
  

   
   
  

    
  
     

  

   
 
 

  
   
    
   
   
  

 

/

“ E , 1 Company arrives on May 10

week festi el ‘ . or go Spa Theatre, it Will be coming, from.
' .tldrty-two‘week string of performances that has carried the troupe from
coast to coast playing to over a quarter of a million people.

. .Organired-in 1962, with a four-week itinerary mainly concentrated in'

“ eerork metropolitan area, the National Shakespeare Company
 more than 20,000 miles in an extensive thirty-two week trek
throughout the East and Midwest. ‘

“0,000 Can't Be Wrong

More' than 140,000 people witnessed productions of “Macbeth,” “Tam?

ing of the Shrew,” and “Shakespeare's-World,” performed in such maJor
cities as Boston, Buffalo, ..Washington, D,C., Chicago, New York, and
Roanoke, along with engagements in smaller localities. ‘

The itinerary of the current company has expanded to a coast-to-coast,
thirty-six-week junket with appearances in more than thirty states -- from
Massachusetts to California, Texas to Minnesota, with first-time engage-
ments schedule in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Wichita, Amarillo, New

_ Orleans, Charlottesville, and others.

Sell-Contained Unit ,
Founded by producer-director Philip Meister, and actress Elaine Sulka,
in order to "bring quality productions of culturally significant dramatic
literature to the nation at large," the National Shakespeare Company
tra'veis as a self-contained unit with the most advanced modern technical
equipment.

Productions are fully costumed, and performed against settings with a
full complement of light, sound and musical effects. I

“Our motto is ‘Have Company, Will Travel',” declared Mr. Melster.
"All we need is a place to set: up. We perform anywhere, under any cir-
cumstances. We've acted on basketball courts, in huge auditoriums, com-
munity center stages and other areas which appeared hardly larger than
the size of a postage stamp. Transporting all scenery and technical equip-
ment necessary for full-scale productions enables us to be completely

'- self-sufficient. Each sponsor need only provide the playing space and

electrical power.”

. Acclaimed by Educators

Appearing primarily before college and high school audiences, but in no
sense restricted to such audiences, the National Shakespeare Company
has been enthusiastically acclaimed for quality productions by educators
and professional critics throughout the nation. '

"We have had few misgivings about how amajor professional Shakes-
pearean touring company would be received, but response exceeded our
widest expectations," states Miss Sulka. "Especially rewarding is the

_ excitement displayed by audiences who've never seen live performances

of Shakespeare by professional actors." A ~

The New York based troupe, in three brief years of existence,,has al-i,
ady become the most widely traveled professional Shakespearean troupe ‘

 
    

   
   
 

ﬂxioni Pioiessor

To Discuss Channel

C. L. Wrenn will speak at the
University on “Chaucer as aPoet."
The talk, which is being sponsored
Jointly by the English Department
and, the Department of Romance
Languages and Literature, has been
scheduled for 8:00 p.m. on Wednes-
day, Aprll 27 in Draper 349.

Recognized Authority
Professor Wrenn is Rawlinson and
Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon
in the University of Oxford and is a
widely recognized authority on
medieval literature and culture.

Published Studios
He has published numerous stud-
ies on Old English and on the Eng-
lish language, including an edition
of "Beowulf" and “The English
Lanmma‘o.”

 

a

 

 < ' “tumors—“Juniors

:~ Senior Pictures for the I967 'Torch’ will be taken
- the week of April 25.

Sign-up sheets will heravailahie in the

Peristyies this week from 9:00 am to 2:40 pm.
All membdrs oi the" Class of i967 wishing to have

their Senior Photos taken must sign up this week.

This will be the only opportunity for first-quarter

student teachers to have their portraits taken.

 

  

N“ ‘ An r

OUINTET IN CONCERT: The New York Brass Quintet performs in
gage I'Ilall Friday night. Their 'concert was sponsored by Music
ounci .

artifacts

April l9 _ World Alloire Council. General Maxwell D. Taylor.
Chancellor's Hall. 8:15 p.m. 7
April I9 Folk Sing for young adults. Painting by David R.
1 Andrea. Harmonue Bleecker Library.
April 20 Film program for children. John V. L. Pruyn Li-
brary. 4:00 p.m.
April 21 American Association at University Women. Lec-
- turer from New York State Department oi Mental
Hygiene. College oi St. Rose. 8:00 p.m.
April 22 international Center Ball at the Schine-Ten Eyck
Hotel. 9:00—l200.
April 22 Blame Recital by Stanley Hummel. Albany Institute
at History and Art. 8:30 p.m.
April 24 P.G.P. Artists at the Albany institute ol History
and Art. William Keoney, pianist. 3:00 p.m. Charge.
Aprll 24 Music Committee program at the‘Schenectady Mu-
seum Young People's Concert. Free.
April 24 Albany League of Arts bus trip to Lincoln Center

including tour at the center and performance by
New York City Ballet directed by George Balan-
chine. Leaves at i0100 p.m. Reservations limited.
Telephone 463-4478, Ext. 6.

Incompatible Marriage
Remains Popular Theme

by Dr. M. E. Grenander

[Vi/[rill Sllf'ffil. Square's I’Iogrcss. Nf'iU York: Farrar, Straus & Cirnnx. I965.
95.

M.

“Square’s Progress is yet another approach to a theme that was
dealt with by T. S. Eliot in “The Cocktail Party" and by Saul Bellow in
“Herzeg”: the problem of marriage between two fundamentally incom-
patible people. Yet “Square's Frograss' deals with the issue in a more
satisfying way than “Herzog,” primarily because the narrator (like
Eliot) keeps his attention focused on the basic problem, the incompatibility,
and the reasons for it; whereas Bellow gives us only a loaded and one-
sided picture of the same situation.

The "Square" in this novel is the husband, Fred Cope, a big, kindly,
bumbling Junior executive addicted to his television set, newspapers, and
neighborhood parties in Bloodbury, the fashionable New Jersey suburb
where he lives with his wife,Alison. She has an inchoate desire to get more
out of life than a round of polite parties, yet she is neither talented nor
profound. ller inability to penetrate the lmpassive wail Fred has erected
against her (to him) boring attempts at conversation has turned her into a
nagging shrew. In other words, the two "don't communicate."

This lack of communication causes a one-year separation. Before
going to sleep after a party which has left Fred tiddly and drowsy, Alison
informs him that she is going to leave for a few days to think things over.
She tells him where she is going, Fred grunts assent, and when he wakes
up the next morning she is gone. But he cannot remember their conver-
sation of the night before and does not know how to find her. Each goes
his own way for a year of self-exploration. Fred impulsively throws up
his job and drifts off to Spain for a stay among a repulsive set of ex-
patriate marijuana-smoking beatniks, a group he conscientiously culti-
vates in an effort to become more hip. Alison, meanwhile, returns to her
home town, Stapleton, Pennsylvania, where people are “real.” But she
views them now with the Jaundiced eye of greater experience. More im-
portantly, both Fred and Alison face up to certain deficiencies in them-
selves. Eventually, each returns to Bloodbury; and eventually, they meet.
But they are able now to. act toward each other with more honesty. This
honesty almost leads them into a divorce; ultimately, however, they
blunder into a bittersweet reconciliation very similar to the one between
the Chamberlaynes at the end of "The Cocktail Party.”

Sheed's style is brilliant. The title, of course, echoes "Pilgrim's
Progress" and “The. Rake’s Progress." The nineteenth century is not
left out, either; the first page Or two is a magnificent evocation of the
brilliant opening paragraphs of “Bleak House." Lest we miss the point,
it is underlined: “Mud along the Thames, mud in the Chancery. . . . .
Mud in the Jersey flats."

This is an acute novel. Neither of the major characters is‘without
flaw. Yet the narrator has the compassion for both which can result only
from , , .3 and, more importantly, understanding.

 

 

 

i
i
I
l

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
     

   
 

  

 
  
  
 

 

 
  
  
  
 

   

VIETNAM TALK: General Maxwell Taylor, lormer ambassador to South Vietnam, discusses United
States policy in that country. His speech was sponsored by the World Affairs Council.

Honors Convocation to Recognize

Academic Achievement

The University will hold its sec-
ond annual iionors Convocation to
recognize superior academic
achievement among undergraduates
Sunday, April 2'4. Along with‘ Pres-
ident Collins will be the featured
speaker, Dr. Jerrold R. Zacharias,
professor of physics at Massachu-
setts Institute of Technology.

Dr. Zacharias received his B.A.
degree in 1026, his M.A. in 1027,
and his Ph.D. from Columbia Uni-
versity in 1032.

After joining the staff at M.I.T.
in 1040, Dr. Zacharias worked on
the Los Alamos project which pro-
ducted the first atomic bomb. In
later years he worked on such as-

liominotlon Period

ExtslitledtoMondoy

The nomination: period for Central
Council and Living Affnirs Commis-
sion has been extended to Monday,
April 25. Forms will be available at
the Student Association: Desk in Bru-
bncher Hall, the University Housing
Office in Stuyvesant 201, mu] the
Student Affairs Office in Draper 110.

Membership to Living Affairs
Commission will be on the basis
1:200 rntlo. There will be six rep-
resentatives from commuters, six
representatives from the Dutch
andrungie, five roprescutntlves
from the Alumni Quadrangle, and
six representatives from the Co-
lnnlul Quadrangle.

'l‘he elections for Conirnl Council
and Living Affairs Commission will
he held in the Commons April 27
through April 20 from 10:00 p.m. to
2:00 p.m., during the dinner hour in
Walden, the Dutch Quad, and the
Colonial Quad dining room all three
nights, in llrubacner llnll onThurs-
day night, and in Pierce and Suyles
on Wednesday night,

inauguration of the new members
will be Sunday. May 1, at 2:00 p.m.
in Brubacher Lower Lounge.

pects of national defense as nuclear
powered flight and the formation of
the DEW Line.

Recognition by President

in recognition of his work, Dr.
Zacharias in 1948 received the
President's Certificate of Merit and
in 1955 the Department of Defense
Certificate of Appreciation. By
forming the Physical Science Study
Committee, Dr. Zacharias in 1950
gained recognition in national educa-
tion.

This committee instituted a 'new
program for teaching physics in
secondary schools. In its first year
it was used by only eight schools,
but now it is used by 5,000.

Dr. Zacharias is also a member
of many prominent committees on
scientific affairs, including the
President's Science Advisory Com-
mittee. He is consultant to commer-

 

Dr. Jerrold R. Zacharias

/

Deferral Exam

Deadline for applications by male
students to take the Selective Serv-
ice Qualification Exam, used in
part to determine college defor-

Sundqy

clal companies, and is on the Board
of Trustees of Sarah Lawrence and
Webster College.

The chairman of the University
Committee in Awards, Dr. Arthur

'- Appointed to Faculty '

Gonzalo Torrente Ballester, one of Spain’s foremost
playwrights and novelists, has been appointed Distin-
guished Professor of Spanish Literature at the Univer-
sity. Ballester is currently professor of Spanish Lan-
guage and Literature at the Instituto Femenino de
Ensenanza Media, Pontevedra, and professor of Con-
temporary Spanish Language at the Institute de Cul-

tura Hispanics.

He has authored several
texts, four plays, five nov-
els, two collections of es-
says. and numerous ar-
ticles. He has also been a
theatre critic for a lead—
ing Spanish newspaper and
a popular Madrid radio sta-
tion.

National Prize

Ballester’s first recognition came
in 1036 when he was awarded the
National Prize for Literature.Mure
recently he was awarded the March
Foundation Prize for Creative
Writers for the best novelpublished
between the years 1055-1950. Fur-
ther fame has been accorded to him
for his text “ Panorama of Contem-
porary Spanish Literature" first
published in 1948 and nowinitsthlrd
edition. The text has often been
called one of the outstanding works
in its field.

Dr. Janet thecoff, a professor
of Spanish at Queens College, who
did his dissertation on Professor
Torrente's works says that “he
seems...to have entered his most

Collins, will announce awards of creative period..." “He may we“

University-wide importance. Nancy
Deering, President of Signum Lau-
dis, will recognize the tentop fresh-
men and sophomores.

Invitations

Invitations have been sent to the
members of all honoraries, fresh-
men on the Dean's list, and all up-
perclassmen with 3.0 cumulative
averages. Reserved seats have been
issued for those invited. The cere-
money is open to the public.

be the choice of history as this
generations’ novelist with the most
universal relevance, the one whose
significance extends farthest be-
yond the Spain of today."

Praised by Critics
Dr. thecoff notes that he has
often been praised by critics for
“his intellectuallsm, a tendency to
satirical or philosophical writings
and to the literature of ideas popu-
lar in France, but never in Spain.

University In iiost '
Noted Indian Author

The University will be host to
ana Rao, author of the novels,
“Kanthapura” and “The Serpent
and the Rope,” May 1-14. Rao is
considered as one of the leading
Indian authors writing in English.

Rao will be in the Albany area
from the middle of March until the
middle of May in conjunction with a
cooperative program sponsored by
the University, Union, College, Rus-
sell Sage, and Skldmore Colleges.

While here, Rao will be available
for formal and informal talks in
the afternoons and evenings.

[too has scheduled a number of
public lectures both here and in
other area colleges duringthls‘time.
The first, “Ghandl and India" will
be held at 3:45 Monday afternoon,
May 2, in Draper 349.

The second lecture, “Ghandl and
the World," also on May 2, will be
held at 8:00 p.m. at the College of
Saint Rose. A talk on contempor-
ary Indian philosophy entitled “Ec-
stasy as a Way of Life’lls sched-
uled for 1:25 p.m. Friday, May 10,
in Draper 349.

Rao holds degrees in English and
history from the University ofMad-
ras, and did research in literature
at the Sorbonne and the University
of Montpelier.

lie is a lifelong student of Him-
dulsm and has specialized in re-
search on the Indian philosophy of
history, contemporary Indian
thought, and Ghandl.

Graduate Student Given Fellowship
By Regents to Do Doctoral Work

Thomas Lickona, who was re-
cently accepted Into the doctoral
program at State, was awarded a
Regents Fellowship for Doctoral
Study in Arts, Science, and Engl-
nearing.

The award was bnsed on past
academic record, reconnnemiatinn
from professors, and scores on the
Graduate Record Aptitude and
Aclllevemenl Examinations. The
amount of the award depends upon
taxable income; Inc maximum grant
is $2500.

This is a one-year grant re-
struclod to use in uprdgrum lending
to a doctoral degree in engineering
liberal arts.

Educational Background

Lickowu graduated from Slona
College in 1064, i‘ecelvl. this li.A,
mugnn cum lauds with a niujor in
English. lie received his M.A. in
English from Ohio University in
1005, at which time he served us
a graduate assistant touchingiresh.
men composition.

lie qu'em‘olled in the gru‘dunie

ments, is tomorrow. Any student program in Psychology at the Uni-
who wishes to apply should see the varsity in September 1005 and has

local draft hoard.

. 511109.591‘1100 as graduate assistant '

in Dr. llanry Mtnton, and will now
probably finish his Ph.D. in Psy-
chology here, specializing in per-
sonality. ills ultllnnte goals include
teaching college and doing resoarch.

Awards and Honors
Among the awards and honors he
has received are n four-yoarN.Y.S.
Regents Scholarship; election to
Who's Who Among Students in Amer-
ican Colleges and Universities;
election to Delta Epsilon Sigma

l ’ I r
'Torch Distribution
Copies oi the WM) Torch will
ho available (or distribution In the
Commons beginning post Monday,
April 25. The Commons will be
open lrom 9 p.m. to 3 p-'"- each
day next week, until all coploa oi
the yearbook are distributed.
Students may socuro copies of
the book upon presentation of a
Student Tux Card. Student: not
possessing a tax card may pur-
chase a book Ior seven dollars.
In addition, a limited number oi
books have been reserved Ior
faculty members, who may also
secure a copy-\ior eoven dollars.

National Scholastic Honor Society;
Excellence in English award (Siena);
National Defense Education Fellow-
ship (declined); Graduate Assistant-
ship in English;Gradunte Assistant-
shlp in Psychologyﬂlegents Fellow-
ship for Doctoral Study.

 

Thomas Lickono

   
  

   

My“; .

 
    
   
 
  
   
 
   

  
   
    
   
 
   
   
   
     
   
    

   

   
   
   
  
   
 
  

     
  
  
   
  

          
            
     
      
   
     

 

