 
  

   
 

 
  
 
  

 

 

 

was...“ comm-«neww a...  V

. . .. "EM". iqua'mms-u 5..-",1,‘ \, ,, N

Ir
J

 
 
  
    
  
  
  
  
  

 

   
  
   

v .,  meow main. an,
Gountry'lellﬁ‘lhe. very best of luck at Wheaton team-

the nation. ;We are most happy‘that the AA Bo‘ard has _
permitted the team to go, for they'certainly deserve
it. Coach Munsey is hoping forvone more great per-
formance from4 a team that has providedhim with
many during the year. And knowing the man. he'll

tit. - 1

At the beginning of_the year we came out with an
article on State’s ‘ soccer team that forecasted a dis-
mal year for the hooters. This was based on pre-
season performances and on the talent available for
the season. What we neglected to anticipate however,
was the intense desire, hustle, and overwhelmingly
confident attitude that characterizedtheir play all
year long. In this respect we did the team an in-
justice.

In registering its finest season in over five years,
the Great Danes of Albany clobbered such teams as
Ijotsdam, Plattsburgh, Boston College, and C. W.
Post, traditionally strong soccer schools. They did
it with a tenacious defense and anintermittently potent
offense and great amounts of hustle and work. But if
there was one quality the team possessed thatenabled
it to overcome its deficiencies we’d have to cite its
spirit.

The team seemed to possess great harmony during
the entire season, especially showing itself during the
three-game losing streak at the outset of the season.
This is the true test of a team’s mettle--if it can
maintain its team‘spirit during a rough start -— and
the Danes did just that and more. They built them-
selves into,a strong unit as a team-- not a team of
individuals. although one man dominated the scoring
column. It still takes 10 other players to stop the
opponent and get the ball to him. Coach Garcia must
be rightfully proud of his soccer team. as in this
sports staff.

There was an error in last Tuesday’s ASP regarding
Maurice Tsodorb establishing a new scoring recordof
13 goals. The record still belongs toKarl-Henry Ger-
stenberger ('62). who scored 16 goals in 1961.

Sunday’s game between league-leading APA and
second place Potter Club should prove to be quite a
battle. Reportedly. both teams will be at full strength '
for the first time all year. and both teams are cer-
tainly “up for the game.” The last time out, APA
capitalized on its explosive offense to tally on three
long-yardage plays. Potter played its usual game—
control offense to grind out its three scores. The
difference between the two teams can be measured
by the single extra point that separated them last
time.

lower ilins, lPl-EEP liext

rewwnenuey toe the line with the best runners in' '

In AMIA League I action stripe. Next, a beautifully executed

this week, aspirited Tower
team. behind a steadfast
defense, blanked the cellar
dwelling KB Club 9-0. The
long awaited tilt between
APA and Potter will be
played Sunday at 2:00.

The Tower's defense was the
reason for the team's third victory
of the season. All interception by
KB defensive back Howie Wecksler
gave the Blue and Gold rosters a
false hope that the first Victory of
the year was in sight. After a pass
to Dan Burns and a screen to Don

Woodruff, the KB men were halted ,

as they were to be all game by the
fine Tower defensive effort.
Tower's offense, once it got the
ball, wasted little time in putting
the pigskin over the goal line. Jeff
Zimar, the field general of the

,Tower offense, promptly lilt Stove

Patchott with a pass at the midfield

screen pass to Bob Eckert went for
another 25 yards. The drive was
climaxed when Zimar found Paul
Kewiey for the touchdown. Thepoint
after was successful when Zimar hit
Johnny Diriicolo in the end zone.

Late in the first half, [the Tower
defense got Into the scoring act when
KB was thrown for a safety. Thus
the .score at half time was the same
as the final 9-0 tally.

APA, already assured of a share
of the League 1 title will meet sec-
ond place Potter Club in "the game
of the year.“ The Apagogucs sport
a perfect 7-0 record and from only
Potter left on schedule.

Potter lioids a firm griponseoond
place and trails APA by unlyagamo
arid a half behind its fine 5-1 record,
the only loss coming at the hands
of ABA. The score of that gains was
decided by one point and Sunday's
encounter should prove to be just
as exciting. Potter still must get by
last place KB, today. |

 

HARRIER DON BEEVERS is soon running over the
him arojntorutod spectators who positioned thorns.
Wheaten, Illinois, today for the NCAA collage

EEP Defends
Top Pin Spot

AMIA League I bowling
began action last week, with
three teams posting clean
sweeps including defending
champion Potter Club via a

forfeit by the Commuters.

Here are the statistics as re;
leased by commissioner Tom Plo-
trowski:

Goobers 7 0 1.000 2636
Potter 7 0 1.000 2508
Undefine. 7 0 1.000 2234
Choppers 5 2 .714 2471
Justice L. 2 5 .286 2335
Bad News 5 0 7 .000 2133
TXO 0 7 .000 2208
Commuters 0 7 .000 ----

Individual leaders:

Giles Choppers 576 192
Jones Potter 506 188
Smith Goobers 559 106
Gilbert Goobers 559 186
Hollon Choppers 549 183
Sabey TXO 547 182
Nealon Goobers 537 179
MacDougall Just. L. 514 171
Rifenberick Goobers 511 170
Woyteck Bad News

Piotrowski Potter 499 166
McCloat Potter

Mai Clinic Slated

There will be a wrestling clinic
conducted in Page Gym Saturday,
Nov. 19 from 9 a.m. to 4:30 pm.
sponsored by the State University
and Section 11 of New York State
Public High Schools.

Three of the men participating in
the clinic as staff members of the
Co-op Wrestling Clinic are Larry
Mlilvaney, Andy McGuifin, and
Charles “Spud” Kruzan.

Mulvaney is wrestling and football
coach at Mont Pleasant High School
and has had six Class A Sectional
wrestling championships.

McGuflin is the organizer of
wrestling at South Glens Falls High,
with his team having won 70 straight
Northern Conference Matches.

 
   

lioclt roads of the New Campus course. Encouraging
Ive: hach'in the woods. The Dana toorn leaves for
division Invitational holdthoir annually.

AMIA BOWLING BEGAN action this wool: as three, teams had por-

foct days, scoring 7-0 wins. There are only seven teams in the

league this your.

Lost Year In Sportsl  I

Last year at this time, State’s
athletic teams completed their fall
seasons. The soccer team, scor-
ing all its goals in the second half,
downed C. W. Post College 5-0 for
a smashing Homecoming triumph.
The hooters ended the year with a
4-5 record.

The varsity cross-country team
closed out its season on a losing
note, bowing to St. Peter’s 27-29.
The barriers still posted an out-
standing 10-2 year. However, the
two losses were the most a cross-
.country team has ever lost at Al-
bany in the sport’s four year his-
tory.

The fresh soccer team could man-
age only a 1-2-6 record. The year-
lings dropped five contests by one
point.

The freshman cross-country team
ran to a 5-2 mark, led all year by
Don Beavers and Tim Atwoll. It
was former cross-country great
Tom Robinson’s first attempt at
coaching.

in AMIA football, Kappa Beta de-
feated APA in what proved to be the
championship game to registertheir
first league title ever.

 

ALLNEW

SWISS INN
RT.20 IOMIN.EROMCAMPUS

CONTINUOUS MUSIC WED.-SUN.
DANCE TO

‘THE TORONADOS’ .
‘THE RUN OF THE MILL’

Athletic Board
The meeting of Athletic Advisory
Board wil be held in room 313
of the Education building on Friday
at 1:25. The status of the board will
be discussed so it is pertinent that
all members be present.

 

' Stuyvesant Jewelers '

Your Campus Jeweler

Stuyvesant Plaza Open. till 9 pm

 

BEAT THE CURFEW ON THURSDAY NIGHT
WITH FREE BUS SERVICE TO AND FROM
CAMPUS. BUS PICKS UP AT 7:30 ON
FULLER RD. AT SERVICE BUILDING.

 

 

. GIRLS ADMITTED FREE WED.+THURS.

 

    

When you can’t

afford to be dull.

sharpen your wits
with NoDoz,M

NODOZ Koop Alert Tablets fight off
the hazy. lazy feelings of mental
sluggishness. NOD02 helps restore
your natural menial virality...helpa
quicken physical reactions. You be-
come more naturally alert to people
and conditions around you. Yet
NODOZ is as sale as coffee. Anytime
...whan you can't afford to be dull.
sharpen your wits with mom.

SAFE AS COFFEE

lill

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
    
 
 
  

 no Pare? *

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

   

 

 

 

    

 
 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

 
 

CASINO NIGHT WAS one of the final feature

as dealers.

I

 
 

 
      
 
 
 
  
 

    

.e

. softhoCornusCl-i td' .Th d. ‘
mum: of the Mid Knights in lecture room 1 which was docortrtod lik:so chlsvi'r’io. Fzr:ulvt;smo:|l:ol:sgs':r:hod

SU Revue To Present ‘Carnival’

A uditions To Be, 'Held»  Sunday.-- 

The State University Revue which
produced "GYPSY" last year will
be presenting the award winning
musical “CARNIVAL” in ApriI.The
New York Drama Critics Circle pro-
claimed “CARNiVAL” as the best
musical of the 1061-1962 theatre
season.

The New York Times spoke of the
musical as “mixing sentiment and
show business razzle-dazzle into a
flashy, eyefilllng,.and occasionally
touching entertainment."

The Times continued: “and in Its
central story of the eager young
Lili it has an innocence that is not
overwhelmed by the tinsel and flam-
boyance that surround her.”

Shear Showmanship

Walter Kerr who was their writing
for the Herald Tribune commented:
"Carnival is something more ilian
sheer Showmanship. It is painting
on frosted glass, done with a hand
that cares."

Some other critics reactions were
"Carnival sparkles" (Earl Wilson),
"A perfect musical. Broadway’s
most engaging jewel” (Whitney Bol-
ton), "A great night iii the theatre.
This is one of our truly great mllS-

icals” (Ed Sullivan)......

Last spring elections were held
for the production and of this year’s
show and the results were the fol-
lowing: John Fotia, director; Ellis
Kaufman, producer; and John G.
Deanehan, technical director. All
three people have had extensive
theatre experience with university
productions and community groups.

Students Wanted

Any student wishing to work with
the production in any ofthe technical
aspects should contact any of the
above riielitioned people. The Revue
is different from other ccllegethea-
tre productions in that it is com-
pletely run by students while the
State University Theatre produc-
tions are supervised by faculty
members.

Auditions for CARNIVAL will be
held in PAGE liALL on Sunday,
Monday, and Tuesday, November
20, 21, and 22 at seven o’clock. All
students are urged to attend. Ac-
tors, comedians, jugglers, freaks,
tall men, short men, flitmen,skinny
men, snake dancers, Iim‘lkel‘s, ven-
dors, and all other carnival-circus

 

I
Burning
Tonight:

lFG—“Time in the Sun,"
English Evening

November 1—22: Wilson Art
November

and
November 17:

November 18:
Freshman Dance
Junli‘~Senior Beer Party
IFG

November 19:

Jay and The Americans

November 22:
Peggy Wood lecture ~

 

‘Music, Media, Machines’
16: Dr. Lovey Lecture—“llebrew Science

Faculty Series—lifiectronic Music

Eye—“’l‘be Day Albany Grow Up”

IFG: “The Wild One," “Scorpio Rising"
November 20. 21: Photography Workshop

December 16: Band Concert

Events

“Thunder Over Mexico.”

Exhibit

the Middle A ges”

“Finders in the Dark"

 

 

types are needed for the production.

Stage Hands

Technical crews are in need of
stage technicians (skilled or un-
skilled), lighting people, properties
heads, sound management, and any
other type of back stage workers.
All these people are invited also to
come to auditions and speak to Mr.
Deanehan or Mr. Kaufman.

Without the support of the stu-
dents, the Revue caiinoi go on. All
students are invited to come to
auditions, no matter what their tai-
eni or interests.

Folksinger To Give

_, Hy,“RiicknftaxnlaidehnLti-nmimaton...

paTJ‘StlIESnWWET-Wt‘é’rtw‘f

council Report  
90% Paid Student. Tax .

Vincent- Abramo, Vice- have four other faculty members.

- Mr. Brown hoped the committee

pFeSIdent 0f centra Coun' would accomplish its task quickly

Cl], announced at the Cen- but refuses to be rushed. 'He also

tral C o u n Ci 1 meeting reminded eyeryone that the old poi-

’ n icy still is in effect.

ThurSday that 90/0 0f .the Four students were appointed to
student body, whose bills
have been processed, have

the new Student Traffic Court. Jun-
iors James Ramsey and Fred Wheel-
paid their student tax.
This figure is incomplete since

ing along with Sophomores Barbara

Misciano and Robert Piersal will

start working on procedures for the
the bills of 1600 students have not court, '
been processed yet by the Busi-
ness Office. However, a sample or The four openings on lelnrzAreas
150 taken from these 1600 students‘ Affairs Commission have been filled
indicate that the final figure will by Nancy Dunn, Paul Bresiin, John
probably still be over 90%. Sheridan and Craig Warren. These

An extensive discussion of the P05111005 were ﬁlled by “(election-

operatlons of Faculty Student Asso- There Will be 3 81‘9" Student PIC-
ciation helped clarify that body to “10 on NOVembel‘ 19 at the Mohawk
many council members, Doug Up- Property at which the grad students
ham, a student member of the FSA will try to reach a consensus on
board, and Mr. Davey of the book- their future role in the student gov-
store led the discussion. eminent 0f the UanerSlti’.

FSA ios 3.13;?“er “seduce a  
Student lax Analysis

brochure that will explain its oper-
ations to the student body.

Central Council also conducted a
question and answer session with
Mr. Buckoi’f on parking regulations.

road around the new campus cannot .
be classified aprivate road since 1, to Sept. 30. Out of 5,022 students
is on state property. 508 have not paid. There are still

Buckoff was also asked about the 1600 students, most of them grad-
rule which bans a person 'from “ales. to be ChECKEd- ‘
bringing his -car on campus after Last spring when organizational
four violations. Buckoff interpreted budgets were approved. budget re-
this as meaning four violations dur- ‘1'"95‘5 were 0‘" ‘0 “dime “‘9 tom
mg a student’s enure stay here_ from $117,515.82 to $103,950.50to'
However, be indicated there wouldbe “now {or appm’dmalew 55% 0! the
leniency in this rule, especially in Slu‘lems l0 Day In V19W 0f the un-
the case of commuters. certainly 0’ "1058 Paying-

central Councn appmVed the 31),, The percentage of students who
pointments of Donald Beavers, Wll- have 931d 15 “0W90%-Altho"ﬁhthere
liam Nothdurft, Judith Osdoby,Ron- 15 3“ Increase 1“ “‘9 amount 0‘
aid Usher and William Cleveland as mom’y available ‘0 Student 355°-
student members of the committee “anon: “‘9 tom amounl for the
to discuss alcohol on campus. year will depend on the outcome of

. ' payment next semester.

Next semester students will be
required to present two student tax
cards to obtain a yearbook.

Alcohol Committee
Mr. Neil Brown will be chairman
of the committee, which will also

 
 
     
   
 

_ students renditions of various pro-

    
   
  

Ballad Renditions
At English Evening ,,

Lawrence Oliver, an Adirondack
folkslnger, will perform both orig-
inal and authentic folk ballads as
the highlight of tonight’s English
Evening to be held of 8:00 in the
Dutch Quad Cafeteria.

Oliver, a native of Middle Grove, I .v
New York, is particularly noted for .41.;
original fiddle tunes composed while
living in the Adirondack area, and '
for his renditions of folk tunes pe- '
cuilar to that area. Many of these
songs are of French Canadian origin
which infiltrated tothenorthei'npart
of the state.

Oliver was acciriimedas possess-
ing a "hard cider voice, alive with
feeling" by the New York Times in
a review of an album. lie is’par-
ilcuiariy noted for unusual varia-
tions on the Child Ballads; two of
his better songs are “Cuckoo” and
“Peg and Awl."

Also included In Oliver’s reper-
toire for the English Evening will
be various narrative selections.

The English Evening to be held,
tonight is the first of two such
evenings held annually. The sec-
ond evening will be held next spring
and usually features as highlights

fessors in the English Department.
Following Oliver'sperformance will
be a tea and disousslon hour.

which Inglnl Nov. 28.

 

THETA xr oneoi more." show in. nu... what in In. to
be a pledge. These preliminary stunts prepare them for Neil Wool:

