     
   
    
 
 

 

   

 

.6.

"F5 lhe.thir,.°°nrq¢  _
a. assassins-insits-campaigne-iialss nioneyto 
:-,".University"sr foster. .chlld. 7. We wouldlilieto thank. all.

thefstudents and faqult'y members wh incontinent:

 

I g the Greek organizations who generouslydonated moneys
‘ , : The Foster Child} Plan represents a” personalized
' v method of charitable donation by whiohindividual and

, ' throughout the world. ‘ ~. “ ”
~Through. "letters" the foster parent is able to learn

. ‘_ » i : her. We would hape that the entire University community
' ' will consider Graciela their personal foster child.
If anyone is interested iii submitting a letter to her,

we would be glad to forward it to the Foster Parents

headquarters where it will be translated and sent to

r f Graciela and her family. i

 

..
tiliu Decides?
Football has ~been much discuSBed on
these pages. New information has be-
come available.
As ‘of right now, the- Athletic Advisory
Board still does not have a full con-

7 .
; a

 

year there wastonly one faculty member
ever appointed by President Collins.
Last year the A'AB asked that a group_

-be set up to formulate the long range
. _ goals of the University’s athletic pro-

gram. President Collins ignored the re—

quest for months, offering to set up a

board only very late in the year. '

_ His condition for setting up a board
to establish tentative long range goals
was that the members of Athletic Ad-

‘ visory Board accept a fully menial role
of handling only procedural tasks.

His alternative was that AAB set the

overall goals and give up its very few
 powers over the operations of the athletic
program.

Virtually every student who has served
on- the board in recent years has come
up with the same opinion. The only person
standing in the way of football at this
campus is President Collins.

If President Collins provided the funds
for the program or if the state did so,
we would be able to accept the dicta-
torial. role of President Collins.

Since every cent of the program comes
directly from the hides of the students
and since the Regents said that these
taxes must be “voluntarily imposed stu-
dent assessments,” we feel that the
students should have a lot more to say
about the running of the program.

President Collins has stated that we
are dealing with some organization that
insists on dealing with University offi-

   
    
   
   
 
 
   
     
   
   
   
 
   
    
  
  
 

 

The Albany 'Student Press in a somi-weekl ’

4 y newspaper published it
at Albany. The ASP ailice, located in Room 5 at Biubachar Hall at 750 State Street is open
Thursday nights. The ASP may be reached by dialing 434403] or 472-7283. I

RAYMOND. A. McCLOA T
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Elecutive Editor

JUDY JAWITZ
Technical Supﬂtvilbl
DON OPPEDISANO
Associate Spot" Editor

PATRlClA

Dull Editor; ........ ..

tingent of faculty members. Up until this-

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY Hilts
av THE cuss or ma

JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
Editors-invChiel

Feature Editor
LARRY EPSTEIN
Arts Editor
WALTER POST
Photography Editor
MARGARET DUNLAP
News Editor

CHARLENE M. CAR
Public Relations Edsili'i'J

 

' I a j ‘ V '

. Vietcong Tactics Represent Sound
cials and not with students. {Whose de-H ' I . ' h I
cision was it to deal with this group?     

Obviously "it wasPresldent Gollins’ de-
cision. ‘ ' ‘ ' ‘

None of the games of any of the teams
is a league contest. We are not in any
league. These conditions should change:
they are not reasons for keeping stu-
dents from controlling their own funds.
The rule of “this organization that deals
with University officials” has never been
shown to us. We would like to see the
rule. We would like to know why we are
dealing with a group that forbids the
students from controlling the student
money. '

We have concluded from Dr. Collins?
evasive replies to our questions about
football that he'is opposed to football at
this college. He' pawns off the responsi-
bility to the AAB. This is not valid and
should not be consideredvalidby anyone.

Why is it that we are not told why
President Collins is opposed tofootball?
Must we accept a condescending attitude.
in an area where our money is spent
without any control by the student body?

v ilon of‘ the country is totally safe
“Y Di 9”” “PM” from the Viet Cong. This makes it
In devismg a strategy {or the, fantastically difficult to defend
defeat of the VietConginSoutthet- Alnefican and South Vietnamese
nm, a knowledge of the strengths “9095- Attacking the guerillas is
and weaknesses of guerrilla war- alsodifflcult since they are not
fare is imperative. It is flrstneces- cemered in any small area-
sary to realize that the war in South The fourth point is probably the
Vietnam cannot be fought by con. one which is least understood arid
ventlonalmethods, since this is not least realized. Any guerilla force
a convemyona] wan ‘ i must have thaj‘support‘of‘a‘lirge
In the early nineteenth century, portion oltliépopulatlon.Some anal-
Clausewitz listed five necessities ysts have maingalnedthatnoguerllla
for successful guerilla warfare? ' ‘OPel‘RHOhB cm be'SUSia-ineu unless
1. "The war must be carried on at least half the native population
in the interior of the country.” supports the goals olthe suerlllas.
2. “The war cannot hinge on a
single battle}! Viet Cong Appeals
3. "The theatre of war must ex- Even If the population does not
tend over a considerable area." ElVe active Support to the 8119111185,
4. “Tile national character must "l8 natives can “commit”! much
support the war," the same effect by malntainiara
5. The country must be irregu- beneVOieni neuu‘allly 01‘ apathy to
larI,hdiffliculi, inaccessible. the guerilla movement, ,

e let Cong have satisfied 311‘ In south Vietnam'ﬁﬁas  _
of the above requirements in con- tamed by fmny commenmigglﬁgt
ducting their campaign. It appears a majority ,of the population sup
that the analysis by Clausewitz still ports the vlet Cong or does no;
ha? FaleVance, eVell' illOUBh it was oppose their efforts. 'l‘hsir support
written over one hundred years 880- is derived from their political ob-
Jeciives - the overthrow of the puppet
Saigon regime and the expulsion of
their American masters.

The Viet Cong have appealed to
tionalism, anti-colonialism, and
opposition to the corruption of the
Saigon regime. The VietCongprom-
158 land reform and prosperity to
the poor peasants of South Vietnam.

Relevance at Analysis

The first point requires the guer-
lllas to stay in areas where they are
not likely to be trapped against the “a
sea. It also allows them easy es-
cape fl‘om their pursuers. By re-
maining in the interior, the guer-
lllas place a burden of transpor-
lallo“ 0" the” enemy. Without peasant support, no guerilla

The second requirement necessi- mm, I
Wes the use of sma“ portions 0‘ namement could exist ill SouthViet-

the total guel'illa force in any given
battle. Thus, if the guerlllns are
defeated ill a skirmish, they will
lilavie [lost only a small Portion 0‘ South Vietnam itself The country
is r FOODS. has an ext ' ‘

Until recently the Viet Cong have and [S WEEK‘S!{ivmlénfmjuhmigi
fought with very small forces. They and tau grasses The v19: gen 15 u
have generally used under five hun- no difﬁculty in. mum fromgtha‘le
are: men, usually 1655 than ‘1 hlm- enemy and can easilygsprlng frgnli
re '

. the un la

The third point places a tremen- appear Egasln 1:230 iﬁéafliﬁglglgn (us-

gaging?dguleméugﬁugnilg’ 23:2:- Clnusewitz has analyzed well the
. re ulre ‘
anywhere throughout the country, 10;] hismﬂsysﬁ 3311:: wallﬁ‘a‘l‘e'
ﬁlm the enemy mustbestrongellough today s V“ ty
0 repel hiin wherever the guel'llla cla'use
wit

:1ii2:Ck5. The] enemy must COHCBH' guerillu opezl'd?i:llltlidn:e:lfil  Elly
ra e a very arge number of troops ecuv -
lll ills entire country if he hopes to in useSlog:gtmll'lldﬁrllul’ililhllgﬁﬁlgh-
felleioui the guei‘illas. lal'lzes and forms a conventional
army, it has gained sufficient su:-
Nuilvu Support port. to drive out the enemy. Unlll

'l‘he Viet Cong have attacked gm
5 .
throughout South Vietnam. No sec- on ,, 28:.'iio}§a,f,i‘f,iii,ea;,,it mus‘ rely

l COMMUNICA TIONS

Bus Service lug of the anxious crowd into the bus,

' a large number of students to d
To the Editor: themselves u“
i
At the beginning of the semester, 5 a”de m we com.

While there may be many problems
involved in any actual move toward
making student control of their finan—
ces a reality, there seems to be no
excuse for maintaining the sham that
exists today. We have not been getting
the whole story; we have not even begun
to get the story.

We feel that

Jungle Terrain

immediate action is
The fifth point is satisfied by

required if the student confidence in
this institution is ever to be estab-
lished. We know that many students
are offended by the current proced-
ures. A change is needed.

 

y the student body at the State University cl New York
from 7-)] pun. Sunday through

E. SlPLO EILEEN MANNING
Senior Editor

SANDRA ROSENTHAL
Business Manager
ROBERT STEPHENSON
Photography Editor
NANCY FELTS
Associate Editor

 

Assistant Businr'n Manager  ,. ..
Stalk...

 

They did not have to w lk
there had been a promise made to to Brubacl a over
provide convenient transportation 18“ “a” or go 8156“er

for fear -
for those students living at tile new 0! 105mg the“ Slams O!

Lorraine Baton, Sue Cllupe, Kirsten Hunted
Michael Purdy

 

r I

 

 

..... ,. Diane

 

Photographer

Cynthia Goodman, Malcolm Provost, RI l d K
Mark Cunningham, Nancy Mledenlzauot gllgfsul‘ret:
Barbara'Blodgett, Bali Wanger, Blll Schriltnian,
Linda Bregman, John Sprou, Stays Curtl
Soniorvilla, Stave Walter, Harry Nucholl, Douglas Rathgeb,
Douglas Upham, Bob Matti"

beln in f
campus. Consequently, it had been g a “St group ‘0 get on the

expected that OI p l l l 10:15 bus. '
’ l s so a oucas ons The situation mi ht h v
9x8: olllliésessudwogi‘lda lite cannabis. anticipated, partlculu‘l‘ly beguiling:
: c s all is ven- num r
tug of the Christmas Sin'g, held on 8 Gus arm groups pumm-

 

All communications must be addressed to the editors and

  

‘ I should be ll d. C ' '
wold! and are I'ubtelct to editing. The Albany Student Press auumal no 3:: ommumcanum “mu” b. “mud n 300
Win; or communication: as such expressions do not necessarily rolloct its views.

1 Dating in the Sin i'asi

Sunday, December 12, many students campus. One addltionalhhuli: hinge?
warehoi acc0iniilodated.Afterwalt- would not have been too mu l t
ing twenty minutes for the 9:45 bus ask for. N o
and after belngsuhjectad to the pack-

Tao Moon Lee. Lewis Tichler, Stuart Lupert
pannibilily for opinions eapreued in in col-

Hape Schoen

" -_---—<~~n-«.M ,

“the cirrus. Aisha

about’tlie hdopted child and is able to communicatelwith ‘

   

 

helped us reach our goal. We would oscillate-thank]

I __ I.  -  , A ' -, organizationalfundscan be channelled to a.direotreoi-~ ,
7 , - . ~ .‘ " . ' I ~- .' i,  r ‘ pient.:.It s'ewes'.-tlle:.wortllwhilefpurpof V se.-of alloyiati‘ngjq‘ - ,, ‘
‘ ‘  '- » » I    sol'nez’ortheudiremisery'experienoedby‘many-clltldren‘~~ '

 

    

 

 

 

Y}’,‘l- I '2. .531"!
3-,..Ma.rto

limit . if" lililiv.‘ ' 
[in  Diauéig. 35am.“ v 'secon ~Be

lit-loll an!

 

    
 

.- > -- v- - . . , Night’thJs. neverth less a very .

l ‘ 1 VIA . .i- "' till

liar "iitv‘hitili‘liiﬂmumikiiiihﬁ “‘“WL‘M highllfn‘er'z‘mhgwmg '

all I: h‘ ﬁsh": ti. Ii Beg-"115,5 are; with more‘sailre‘ ohBritish life than ‘
Ogléasgfgyiwuﬁglﬁlm a I 'lgbiaséd . mosiipcoplelzealslzen, .1. .

utilise .li'llhu'illnis chossnrare'ihei  u .‘ .Coime v mirage,” 1,. . m. .,

person" ﬁver-“9%,,th- cnup “mg. “I’l’aure ,and Har y s d aug n:

00 e's them and that is the on”, 20 s a documentary pro uce an_

chdivnl-éh-txt‘hﬂ-bm'ahd ﬁne-“1d! sen; > directed by Robert Youngston. This

“bfij mide—dhmem - . compilation of rarely-seen Laurel

M y' No' Rania"; and HardyI silent comedies offers

 
 
 

04“

., .. .. ,_... ..., ,, i_
W“ “st 15 can. some ofjthe rfunniest (tomeuyxseu
céﬁﬁdf’ll Sagulg‘llhfntibuf 't'ha‘t silica t'quence event-diluted. "phenol .done
iiiliiaii'tiirpe’ 'istbioiifOn-imd imbue .Ol'el'. {Qi‘llliy‘i‘ilsvhh‘i-v l“??? lull}?

:2.
'<

 

    

, i- clips on hold Haired/infer she/er
ewndﬂmntﬂe’w“ id'u‘rmg} mﬂo’ “laugh 'p'u e'rﬁivlrllll any cemed'y any"-
ed lih‘h‘lbhéb‘iiClll' ' Where: anytime?-  ~ - : - '
orator”wlth'lnstimsniionioiiranking ' i.«-~‘Sensltlvo Study 
. n one. Linemasiiie nest . . ,
any] “6! w! ' PC , ,ternali'orlal release directed by lio-
‘ wag“: “ 1' " m'a'll' Polia'lis'kt 'starx‘lng’ﬂhtharine
"Dining". pmduced by Joseph English-language film is horrify-
duected by ohn Schlesinger and ing yet sensitivepsychologicaistudy
. ' ‘ z. p w. r 2 . i
2; gm; nggx'fm 55:53; s'lbj ly txlfl‘lvelﬁslo'gnadness andt‘muiél
v t H '- " ' ' egic’ulous; mas er u
f; fglagéls: 33:99:31: 3,55,:  camera-work, the brilliant use of
v ’ ‘ i ‘ " Spéllld alldithb reggsticéhsprrealistlc-
r -, 'Jr vie hnique "plus "-‘su ,s‘l'b actingbi'.
4 / a 1  .
asuij * ses mm ~Mll‘e.,Deileuve make thishn'exper-
ovbhshddo'wed'byaismisitivé'soreen- Stinging Allegary
pl‘ayyttrbngﬁfrectlon and’gen‘erally "Ship of Fools," produced arid
n... v. _ ring Oskar Werner, Silnone Signor-
,mey Satire et, Vivien Leigh and a fine inter-
son directed by Richard Lester, ter's stinging allegory of the pre-
1 .
stdrrihg. the Beatles. Although the world War 11 attitudes that accom-
Stlllie ‘of Individual Sorrow

m‘ . ; qu tier isjn'ébmple'te.
Ttlgllllnls ill? list
fillermlsionﬂha Royal Films In-~
pinpoints»
DeneuveniR'oman Polanski’s first
E. Levine for Embassy Pictures,
of asexually ressed youngwoman
we Ede‘qﬂi ‘ ' tiple mllrdél‘.‘
i9 .1 et.;‘l‘llo at {saucy-n,
: ‘ fii in
bad “Ste are more than S“ can y ience ilo film buff should miss.
strong directibn.- “ directed by Staller Kramer, star-
liq-“19193 ' PTOdUCBd by ‘VBliUIShell- national cast. Katherine Ann Por-
 ‘u “ < B ‘ Id ° E i. -
, Iltsy: r u with hip usrzes
by Mr. John Reilly

Going To NM! The llnn: lniiii'n Ilaldllii'n. Iliul PN‘-\.\, New Yer/r. 54.95

James Baldwin often compares his writing to the music of the great
blues singers. The eight short stories collected ill "Going To Meet
The ‘Man” tell us what Baldwin means by the comparison, for the
themes and situations are "really the blues."

Blues are personal outcries at disaster sung with an overwhelming
sense of individual pain and sorrow; yet, the catastroplles‘hav'e causes
and outcomes that are social, so that one who is singing the blues is
a, person lyricizing his personal encounter with history. Baldwin’s
story “Previous Condition" is an example of blues in literary form.

Peter, the first person narrator of “Previous Condition," is a young
Negro actor who tries to live in a room that has been rented for him
by a white friend. lie knows he should be prepared to take the room as
his right, but he awakens in a sweat waiting for the landlady’s knock at.
the door. When the knock comes he hasn’t the energy or resolution to
resist the stupid fear and rage of a woman who demands that he go and
live uptown where he belongs.

There are no rational consolations for him in this experience. He
can’t make a federal case out of every racial offense. Nor can he
trade on white guilt feelings and get what he wants. Cynical
witticisnl is only a cover up. Despair, then hate, and rage are Peter’s
responses. Even his white girl friend — a person who has tried to
reach him across the color line — must take his fury. Unreasonable
haired has provoked um‘easonlng reaction. As the story ends Peter is
with “his own people" drinking ill a llal'lem bar.

Peter is a man whose personal desires for love and life are blocked
by the historical fact that in America black and white have been sep-
arated. This is the source of the blues.

Probably the best story in this collection is “Sonny's Blues“ orig-
inally published ill “Partisan Review” (Summer 1957). It is also most
explicit about the beauty and function of the blues. The Sonny of the
title is a lligll school dropout, junky, jrlil bird, and idlei'. In short, he
embodies many of tllosc consequences of ghetto life we are used to
seeing from a distance by means of tables and charts. Sonny’s older
brother, a rational man, a teacher, is detached from Sonny even
though Ile’d promised their mother to hold on to Sonny. "You may not
be able to stop nothing from happening,” she had said. “But you got
to lei him know yuu’s there.” When Sonny tells his brother Hint. he
lives as he does because it may be bctiei‘toiio suiilelliiiiglo give
suilci'lilg ii reason rattler than just taking it, Ills brother responds as
most of us would. lie thinks it is foolish nilil sell-destructive talk.

One night he goes with Sonny to hear llliil play the piano Willi a Jazz
group, and as he listens to Sonny and sees how the other musicians
defer to his sound, he knows he had IlllSHell wliili Sonny mount by-dulilg
something to give suffering a reason. Sonny llullll’l meant iojustlly
crime. He had been saying we must Iiilllluiilze Ulli' suffering illllll‘elltiw.
For some the way is to ll('l oui, lllll the blues is the be»! way lol' Sonny.
'l‘hc lilues express llllSel‘l', and while Sonny plays, his lll'illlml', the null-

lanes, and the other musicians lccl their own misery expressed in
Sonny’s blues, Then the blues are no longer a ltiiiieilt: “l-l'eeiloin
lurked lll‘ullllll us and l understood, at last, that he could help us to ll(’
free. . . ."

lllcyllulily, lialdwlll writes illusin ul‘ liliil‘lf and while relationships.
III the title story he tries to substantiate the sexual burns oi wlllic abuse
of Negroes liy recounting how u Southern sheriff's inelilui‘y of his child-
hood witness of :l lynching arouses lllﬁ jailed desires for his wile.
“This Morning, this Evening, 50 Soon" and “Collie Out the Wilder—
ness" tell 01' characters whose ilctei'lllinniloii to he illeiilselves in love
and careers puts them in tension with their inescapableiiillol'ltiliu-u
from family and race. Two other stories are not entirely in the Negro
world, and one story has only while characters. 'Iliosc, ll(l\VC\el , who
would say Baldwin is a topical writer Who Will have little left (can)
once the Negro Revolution is “over” should study this volume. lilom
the blues Baldwin look a way of looking at reality that Will always b:I
Valid, for lllll'llull experience must always be seen us both [)elbiillilllﬂll‘
social. If one makes this View one's own, one may, as Sonny  ucs
tell us, transcend necessity. James Baldwin has done so semi ill mes

ill this book.

 

 .
 of“;

_ t ' x étlé’opic isziiot‘tl’ulie’vup panigci.~uﬁiid'llid'eti
p ({‘Jﬁritt'gtmlﬁfgwifan'ﬁwf; vtoilihel’standnrdbf 'SAlHardiDay'si spowé'r‘ ,is vividly

screen‘ by veteran Stanley Kramer.
Thampace is steady, the drama
solid and meaningful, the acting
top-notch.
, Brutal Sadlsm

"The Hill," produced by Kenneth
Hyman, directed by Sidney Lumet,
starring Sean Connery, Harry An-
drews and Ossie Davis. Although
language difficulties mar the effect,
thisz‘study of brutality and sadism in
a Bi‘liish prison compound in North
Africa is powerful and often deeply
affecting in its message. It isbl‘essed
with- the line actingof the principals,
Raydligby's forceful screenplay and
the imaginative cainerawork of Mr. H -

Lumet.. . . ' ‘ : .
~Crisp Spy Thrlllet 91 THIS IS amen, who, along with Robin, Th
“The lpcress File " a Univers - - - -
release directed by'S’idney J. Furie a “me” o, bum" "Immali'
andfsiarring Michael Caine. This
English film, adapted from the Len
Deigliton novel, has all the Bond
sagas, including "Thulldei'ball,"
beaten by miles as a spy thriller.
Mr. Callie and Nigel Green are fine
in their roles and Mr. Furle's di-
rection is fast and crisp.

,5. .’

0 Boy Wonder, light! '

 

  

Bubbly Comedy ‘ lrv' Dione Somervilie . _ 
"The Knack...And How to Getlt," . Holy flypaperl The boob tube has outdone itself this
directed byRichard Lester,starring tlme, , 
“,1”ngshwggméngagoﬁg‘g‘; em' The newest — and probably the worst — of a series
olae ra - . . . ,
Here ,5 a comedy that bubbles over of lnsults to the intelligence of the Americaniteleviser“
with wit. imagination andwlld,mad- known as “Batman,” has firmly ensconced itself in»
“1" “"mm' The 9““ is “‘5‘ and the listings — if the Nielsen ratings are any guide.»
furious, so fast that you miss half
the fun the first time around. t’ll‘he
delightful foursome of Tushing am
IB’QOkS' [Cia‘g‘r‘gdng‘dwlmgelgas Ostensibly the story of private citizens who don dis-
us Per 90 - ' it n '
carousel 15 nimbly directed by Mr. guises to battle crime, Batman represents what ls
Lester lnarree-wheellng style that probably the greatest flowering of high camp ever
50'“ might 5”“ “’"5‘der °“‘”' achieved. It springs from the viewthatplaster-of—parls
Keous' cinema“: oynnmm hot dogsare a more profound commenton contemporary
“The Pawnbrokel‘,” produced by Civilization than the mouthings of any critic, and re-
” Landau “many! made" by flects the “tongue—in-chic” philosophy that anything

a use i- .
:htl‘neéeh‘llallxdlrleallglizhiixdlligang Jaifne really bad must be terribly g00d- But “Batman” over-

Sanchez. This story ofan embittered does it.
Jewish pawnbi‘oker who tries to
emotionally isolate himself from .
society is cinematic dynamite, a _ Nothing to Offer . . .
stunning and at times overwhelming An. enumeration of its obVlous failings is not i
emotional experience]- Rg‘il “9.1g!” order here; what is in order is the realization that the
is magniﬁcent 1” he 8 me' Dynamic Duo has nothing to offer to any age level. of
a s ri u or comic nature and that it re resents not
“The Train," a United Artists ﬁe o  b t ft t.’ t 1 f3! medium
release directed by John Franken- a owermgi u aPrOS 1 ‘1 Ion» no on y 0 e i
lleimer and starring Burt Lnncas- but also of the audience.
'9’“ If?“ Sel‘gﬂeldland 5933“ Mg“ And now the producer of “Batman” is contemplating
can. more “191' can-ma e ac Oil . . . _‘ .
ﬁlms were of the quality of ,ms Slmllar series starring the Green l-lornet and wonder
Anglo-Franco-American product, Woman. The lneVltable concluSlon is that an audience
"ollv‘md would "0‘ have to ask which allows such abortions to be foisted on itself,

‘ r 1 vi . . . .
ﬁsifllftﬁ‘g‘jug‘f Eumpeausare 93 "g even encouraging this tripe, deserves nothing else.

High Camp

Dusty Hollywood

 

ALBANY ARMORY

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1966 at 8:00 P. M.

All Seats Reserved: $3.00, 3.50, 4.00, 4.50 -
On Sale: Blue Note Recordl - Miller’s Music, Troy; Van Curler'l, Schenectady
Mail Reservations: Ted Bayly, 74 Eagle Street, Troy, N. Y.

 

 

 

  Na...“ 1 .

 

. no I 03.3310?

   

    
    
  
 
 
   
   
      
       
    
    
     
     
     
    
   

   

     

        
   
 

    
 
 

.. ._.. ........ M9-»

,; 1. s- _-.,..r. ....

._. a”... y, W:.: .4". ...

‘- 2a.; twammnmemmam w.  i .

   

  
     
      
         
          
    

