really. ills” law office on 
boots‘strsight‘out of '

To, pres an amazing man “
191'  Street was titled with ..
Dick novel, and there was;Ton'| in the‘ middleol it all.”  4 , ,
‘ These reflections recall the dynamic personality of Thomas Woods, a

premium Albany lawyer at the turn of the century. And it was this same
personality which conceived a house pieced together from an old warming
check and a defunct Albany brewery, and managed to turn it into an un-
usualland charming summer home. ’

The house still stands, a tribute to whatever was able to transport sec-
tions of an old brewery over a timber road toa siteadioining what is'
presently the Newpampus, and since 1965 has been owned by the Univer-
sity's Faculty Student Association.

It is located on a live acre site which borders the New Campus on the
Western Avenue side, and is presently occupied by Mrs. Lois Gregg,
Associate Dean of Student Affairs, and Miss Janet Havens of the Uni-
versity’s Counseling Service.

This site, and all the land presently occupied by the University, was
originally part of a Van Rensselaer patroon which was tenanted by the
family oi Christian La Grange shortly after the Civil War.

 

~ Patroan Divided
When a three hundred acre tract of the La Grange farm was sold in the
1890’s to the Albany Outing Club, later the Albany Country Club, the re-
mainder of the property was divided into three five-acre plots.
Thomas Woods, at that time a member of the Outing Club, became in-
, terested inpurchasing one of these plots, and in 1914 he secured one of_
them from 9. Susan Barkhufi, who evidently purchased it directly from
the LaGrange family.

‘ After his purchase, Woods constructed a, small warming but which he , ’ I ‘ V
intended to use while Snowshoeing and hunting. The site was, and still is, ' ' ’ ' , A
heavily wooded. ' - -

Progress on the house, which was as yet unplanned, began when he pur- MR5, GREGG stands before the stained glass windows of what was originally MISS JANET HAVENS of "m Univ.r‘i'yrs cou‘nu'nng
chased the Brewmaster's oifice from the Hawley Brewery, complete with m ' h H ‘ an Alba ,5 b w ' ,5 om" vand MW e h ‘ _ seminal w 1' | . h D
its original beams and rafters. it was attached to the warming shack and ° "“ ° ° ° "Y "-‘ "‘“5 " I Mined! t e han and ' ""0"" "V" Y P “C9 W" 9"" GWUB-

 

 

 

'2
THIS CORNER CUPBOARD is constructed from the wood or a- ~- -

wine vat, and contains a tow ot the unuSuaI pottery pieces with
which Mrs. Gregg has enhanced the house.

ABOVE THE unmanteled fireplace- in the living room is one of
Mrs. Gregg’s paintings. The rough plaster walls, characteristic
throughout the house, are complemented by old plank floors.

mas.

o .

THE NOUSE on the Waverly Place Property, pbrt ed an old Dutch patroon, wa

Chrisp in the 1920's.

, .‘-. .
t it,
.2 ‘ I
; \ \ .
lit .

nun LOIS cacao, mm on on. gun at m,- are

ttom left. This meeting is typical at the many stu

I later became the dining room.
Photos by Walter Post
with special [ban/es to
judge john Holt-Harris, jr
lug/J CIJrisp
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred O'Brien. Ir
,erris Woods

, . I

a

dent groups which gather at Mrs. Gregg's

I cdnstructed by Hugh

dining rooms at the house.

When the offids came, so did its antehall, and it presently serves as the
hall oi the house. Both rooms still contain their original Walnscoating; the
dining room has two corner cupboards, made from the wood of a wine vat.

The last piece of the “house proper" was added when Woods acquired
what has been the Brewery Inn, which was where guests and employees
of the brewery wi-ro served drinks. He also had this transported, magi—
cally perhaps, to his site in the woods.

Undisclosed Secret

Judge John Holt-Harris, an old friend of the Wood’s and tenant of the
house for a few years commented, "how he did it is a secret that as tar
as I’m concerned Tom took to his grave with him.”

Around 1922, Tom enlisted the services of Mr. Hugh Chrisp, an art-in-
tect, who presently resides on Euclid Avenue, to help him put the house
together. Mr. Chrisp, when faced with creating a whole out of all tln-
parts, remembers only that “we simply hooked the pieces and jiggeml
them up together."

One of the changes they made in the original Inn, which became the
living room, was to raise the ceiling to a full height of thirty-two lent.
Suspended from the top of the ceiling was achandelier, which Tom
son Francis, now an architect himself, remembers Mr. Chrisp to have
designed. I

The fixture was constructed from a huge iron wagon wheel. The spoke:
were replaced by Civil War and French bayonets, and the lights wow
bracketed to the outside.

Estates Demolished

It was at this time that work was being done to prepare for (helm.—
structlon of the Governor Al Smith Building and demolition wnl'k am
being done in downtown Albany. ’l‘wo estates, those of the John G. Mow:
lliiton family and the Whitney faintly, both of department store hum.
were razed.

From these estates Tom acquired the stairway and carved bulnstrndv
which were installed in the living room. Paneling was also salvaged and
added.

The original bar and fixtures of the Brewery were kept in the brim:
room and used at parties. Chrisp also constructed a fireplace and adde
two studio windows.

The irony of the matter is that the house, so laboriously and originall)
constructed, was never actually lived in. Francis Woods, presently mm
the School of Architecture at RPI, remembers it more as “A whim, u
toy...more of a personal collection of personal oddities and curios."

After the death of Woods the property was sold to Mr. 8: Mrs. Alfred
O'Brien Jr. in January, 1954. it was from the O’Brien's who made tlw
house their home for twelve years, that the FSA purchased the properly.

..

‘i‘: “NW” °" "'"mld Mm" withxlmetnhott ot the Community Planning Committee. Dean Norma Edsell is shown third

Waverly Place Reflects
Personality of Tenants

When the Faculty Student Asso-
ciation rented the old Woods house
to Mrs. Lois Gregg, the University’s
new Associate Dean of Student Af-
fairs, they termed the house and site
as the “Waverly Place Property.”

Today the house had acquired a
new significance and is usually rc-
lerred to as “Dealt Gregg's House.”
This is because Mrs. Gregg uses
her new home extensively for meet-
ing with and entertaining various
groups of students.

Dean Thorns recommended the
house to Mrs. Gregg because he
knew she‘ was interested in a house
large enough for entertaining, and
well-suited for her collection of
original art work.

Arrives from California

When Mrs. Gregg arrived from
California, where she had been with
the administration of Stanford Uni-
versity, she had never seen the
house.

Fortunately she was delighted
with it from first sight, and within
two or three days she was com-
pletely moved in and settled.

The result is a unique combi-
nationi of the charm of the house,
Mrs. Gregg’s antiques, and the ad-
dition of colorful art works and
curios collected by Mrs. Gregg on
an around-the-worid trip she made

SUSPENDED FROM the 32-loot ceiling in the living room of Waverly Place is o
chandelier made from an iron wagon w eel and Civil War bayonets. In the back-
gtound is a curved. bolustrade, salvaged by the creator ot the house from a raced

Albany estate.

with her husband in 1955.

House Restored

The ease with which she was able
to move into the house was increased
by the work done by the Alfred
O’Brien Jr. family, presently of
Saratoga, in the twelve years they
occupied the house before selling it
to the University.

The O’Brien’s added a new roof,
and the insulation necessary to con-
vert a summer home into a year-
round dwelling. They also com-
pletely renovated the old kitchen.

The O’Brien's also spent much-

time restoring the original beauty
of the interior. This included paint-
ing all the walls, including the thir-
ty-two foot span of the living room
ln its entirety. __

Paneling Rotinishad

Perhaps one of the most ambl-
tious jobs they undertook was to
completely refinish all the old panel-
ing which was covered with a dark
varnish.

Mrs. Gregg, who shares the house
with Miss Janet Havens, formerly
of the Music Department at Oswego
State College, has used the white
walls to her advantage.

Beside the art work which decor-
ates much of the walls, Mrs. Gregg
has been able to work many rare
oriental rugs into the decor.

THIS UNUSUAL WINDOW,

set close to the top of a living room corner, can only be opened by pull-

ing the attached rope from within the house.

MRS. LOIS GREGG, Associate Dean of Student Atlairs, has occupied the house
owned by the Student Association since her arrival at the University in Septem-
tez, "645. She is shown descending the large, ornate staircase leading to the
austra e." " ' ‘ ‘ ' ’

 

