    

 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
  

  
   

 

an

 
  
 

.. :3.“

  

     

'i;

   
   
     
   
   
   
  
   
      
      
   

 

    
    
   
   
   
   
    

   

 

 
 

 

 

    
   

 

9

$2,535  
' 1." Mac

 

 

 

.1966 ‘Tllliftll’

The distribution of the 1966 "Torch",
this week will be the end of a hectic
'and disappointing year for its staff who
faced almost insurmountable problems
in publishing the yearbook.

The year began with the MYSKANIA
v Torch controversy and reached a low
point when the editor resigned leaving
work on ‘the book almost two months
behind.

The new editors, Tina Tomenga and
Sue Budd, along with Klaus Schnitzer,
photography editor, labored many hours
trying to meet their deadline. Their ef-
forts were helped enormously by Bill
Colgan, last year’s editor and the “vil-
lain" during the 1965 “Torch” contro-
versy.

They produced a yearbook that was
not of the highest quality as they would
have liked. But considering the circum-
stances under which they worked. the
student body is lucky to have a yearbook
at all. '

We would like to congratulate the
“Torch” staff and hope that they will
have better luck in producing a year—
book of higher quality next year.

-ENTHIISIASM
III first:

new phenomena has hit campus this
year: spirited campaigning for office.

During the elections for class officers
almost every candidate has a small
group campaigning for him or her.

The ASP was swamped with many
candidates or their managers who wanted
to put political advertisements in the

Walt! Dent Take That - It's For Tenightl

The elections for Central Council and
Living Affairs Commission have also
been characterized by similar activities.

We are glad to see that many of the
candidates are showing this enthusiasm-
in their campaign. We hope that this
vigor will not disappear while they are
in office.

linusma Slnnmn

Students are presently attempting to
make plans concerning their living ac-
commodations for next year. Due to the
doubtful assignments, however, which
the housing office has made, many still
do not know where they will be living.
Even those who have been given a room
assignment are not satisfied.

Those wishing on-campus housing
were instructed to place their first,
second and third choices of a residence
hall on the housing application. Priority
was to be given to those who wished to
remain in the same dorm and consid-
eration given to the choices of the stu—
dent. . ’

Although students turned in their ap-
plications along with the $25 deposit on
the days appointed, they have been placed
on a waiting list. They followed instruc-
tions but to no avail. These students
might be told where they are living after
July 1.

If and when they do receive the as—
signment, it will not be what the student
wants. Very few got their first choice
and many were lucky to get any choice
at all. This seems to be another ex-
ample of the inability of one of the
operations of the administration to cope
with its function adequately at the ex-
pense of the student.

 

 

ESTABLISHED

 

Albany Student Press

BY THE CLASS OF I918

MAY I916

 

 

The Albany Student Press is e semi-weekly news opcr publis
at Albany. The ASP office, located In Room 5 at rubacher H
Thursday nights..The ASP may be reached by dialing 4344031.

JOSEPH S. 5
Editohln

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT LINDA

Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor

’lDN OPPEDISANO
Associate Sports Editor
Senior Edits

Desk Edi tor-
Advertl sing Stall

t- oatu're Editor

LARRY EPSTEIN
Arts Editor
WALTER POST
Photography Editor

EILEEN MANNING CHARLENE M. CARSON
r Pub Ic Relations Editor

had by the student body of the State University of New York
all at 750 State Street, ls open from 7-Il p.m. Sunday through

ILVERMAN
-Chiel

DUFTY MARGARET DUNLAP

News Editor

SANDRA ROS EN THA L
Business Manager

NANCY FELTS

Associate Editor

LORRAINE R. BAZAN
Technical Supervisor

...5uo Chaps, Kirsten Hustet'
Bruce Kaufman, Laura DeCarolls

 

erIlstant " '

Mn n.-
v

Michael Purdy

Stu" “ icern Provost Richard Kose, Mark Cunningham, Nancy Mledenbauer,

 

Wenter, Blll Schriltmon, John Spross, Linda Breumun, Steve Curtl,

Bob
Ken Bernstein, Carol Altschilier, Linda Dulty, Sara Klltsley, Marc Palette, Madeline Schnabel

(- I .

Photographers

 

“inn. Somerville, Jane Schnelder, Harry Nuckols, Douglas Ruth ab,

D. Gordon Upham, Bob Merritt, Roger Bo kln

Tao Moon Lee, Lewis Tichler, Stuart Lubarl, Robert Stephenson

All communications must be addressed to the editors and should-Tie sup... Communications should be limited to 300 words

Md are subject to Idltlnq. The Albany Student Pres

assumes no responsibility for opinions expressed in its columns

Communications as such esprssslons do not necessatt‘ y rlllect Its views.

    

 it Intuit?!
italiismil t 7

I Sl/KARNO': rIN AUTOBIOGRAPHY, A5 .TOLD T0 CINDY ADAMS
Indianapolis: Bobbsdllcrrill Co., 1965 v ‘ ‘ ,

 

Sukarno of Indonesia, notwithstanding his recent semi-deposition, is
one oi the outstanding charismatic nationalist leaders in the world since
1946. Sukarno is a veteran lndonesian nationalist, having-been in on the
movement almost from its beginnings, and throughout his career he has

based his program'and strategy on close association with the Indonesian '

people, particularly with the Javanese masses. In 1921, to symbolize his
ties with the common man, he adopted the pitji cap, the headpiece of
taxidrivers, and it became a great-national and personal symbol. More-
over, many foreign observers contend that Sukarno is the most effective
political public speaker in the world today, with adramatic ability to
identify with his people and to sway them. This charisma is under wraps

now, but it may stillbe reasserted. Sukarno’s effectiveness is evidenced-

also by the fact that, for two years preceding the recent troubles, he
served as the central political figure in a tripartite balance with the
_ Indonesian Communits and the Indonesian army. '

It is Sukarno's sense of being the leader of a people which comes out
most strongly in SUKARNO: AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY, a book compiled by
United States journalist Cindy Adams on the basis of conversations with
Sukarno. Although there is no way of clearly estimating how much editing
Mrs. Adams has done, the book effectively carries the flavor and essence
of Sukarno’s thought. He emerges from the bookas a supreme, but charm-
ing, egotist, as a man who sees himself as the semi-mystical essence of
his nation. He is not averse to suggesting for himself a vague lslamic
aura of the supernatural. Moreover, he makes plan that he is a man of
emotionuabouI his people, about beauty, about women--and that he con-
siders this one of his strengths as a leader.

' Since Sukarno is the Indonesian nationalist, the development of his
nationalist ideas are of vital interest. Unfortunately, this book is disap—
pointing as a history of his personal development as a nationalist. Although
he lived with older nationalist leaders while attending school, he treats
the experience only cursorily. He gives some examples of discrimination
by the Dutch (Indonesians could never receive top grades in school), and
he complains of Dutch exploitation. Yet he gives no clear analysis of
exploitation nor does he clearly state his own nationalist views.

The book is most effective and exciting whenldealing with the difficult
and dramatic years between 1929 and 1947. These were the years of semi-
exile, of the Japanese occupation, and of the declaration of independence.
In 1929 Sukarno was jailed (he vividly describes Dutch brutality), and he
spent the decade before the war in villages outside Java, the seat of po-
litical action. These were years of frustration, of dreaming, and of plan-
ning. ‘

When the Japanese came in 1942, Sukarno was in South Sumatra, and
the Dutch planned to take him with them to Australia. Despite a tortuous
trip through the Sumatran jungle, the Japanese came before he was flown
out. At that point Sukarno made his most critical and controversial de-
cision--to stay and work with the Japanese. This book presents Sukarno’s

defense of his action, one which he feels was fully justified by the results..

His motivation was twofold. First, his long hatred for the Dutch was in-
creased by their failure to deined the East Indies against the Japanese.
Secondly, he calculated that by collaborating with the Japanese, his people
could gain much-needed experience in military and governmental affairs
and could maneuver toward independence. He knew that the Japanese
would probably need him; they did. Thenceforth, while persuading the
Indonesians to cooperate with the invaders, Sukarno rebuilt his national
organization and stirred Indonesian nationalism by the use of Indonesian
symbols, symbols often not apparent to the Japanese.

At the end of the war, when Japan agreed to turn the Indies back to
the Allies, Sukarno and his colleagues were ready with a declaration of
independence, made on August 1'7, 1945, in an emotional mass scene at
Sukarno's home, under a rough, homemade flag. Sukarno then describes
the spontaneous, chaotic, hectic, pragmatic establishment of his new
government.

Sukarno has little to say about the years after the original establish-
ment of the Indonesian government. Pushed back into the status ofa
figurehead president in the early 1950’s, he reasserted his concept of
nationalism by the unilateral establishment of "guided democracy” in
1958. Again, his role as national hero was combined with the role of
effective national leader. To him the most important issue was effective
unity among the 80,000,000 desparate people, living on innumerable ls-
lands, who are the Indonesians. Runaivay inflation and his doctrinaire
socialism have now caught up with him, but his role as a nation-maker
remains a major one. Though it needs to be supplemented by more care-
ful political studies, this book is an effective introduction to the spirit
and attitudes of Sukarno. '

COMM UNICA NONE
Rebuhes Editorial become the source of Identity of

To the Editor: students living on the specific quad,
To clarify in the minds of the it Is hoped that these areas wtll be
readers of the ASP, lwould like to able to expand its activities in all

Secondly, as the particular-quads

 
 

EXTENDED T0 JUNE: The Re
“The Caucasian Chalk Circle"
For full details see story below.

Brecht Play At lincoln Center Extended,
With Special Rates Due To Demand

by Barry hyams

“The Caucasian Chalk Circle”
by Bertoldt Brecht, high on the
list of University drama produc-
tion over the past twenty years,
has finally reached New York City
where it is currently playing to
capacity audiences.

Six Extra Weeks
Produced by the Repertory Thea-
ter of Lincoln Center under the
direction of Herbert Blau and Jules
irving, the regular subscription run
of Brecht’s extravaganza of mask,

   
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

2—3...

pettery Theater of Lincoln Center’s production at Bettolt Btecht's
has been extended to June 18 with special student rates available.

mime and song has been extended
six extra weeks to accommodate
the heavy ticket demand.

“The Caucasian Chalk Circle,"
adapted by Eric Bentley, will be
on view at the new Vivian Beau-
mont Theater in Lincoln Center
through June 18.

Ancient Chinese Parable
“The Caucasian Chalk Circle,”
based on an ancient Chinese par-
able, was written in 1948 and re-
ceived its first performance in

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

by Dr. Dean“ 3. Stoutter

EDITH WIIARTON AND HENRY JAMES.- rm: STORY or rum FRIEND-t
SHIP. By Millicent Bell. George Brazillnr. .385 pp. $6.50. I flu: > -

Henry James and Edith Wharton knew each other. James furnished
Mrs. ,Wharion with plot suggestions for her novels. Edith Wharton vies
inﬂuenced by James to the extent that her work is a pile imitation of he
master's. Such are s'ome of the commonplaces and ‘ '
(only the first of which is completely accurate) of a literary and parse
relationship that Millicent Bell undertakes to examine and illumins
her fascinating study of a period of thirteen years in the lives of two rm. '
portant American writers. . ‘ V "

Miss Bell has had to reconstruct the story through indirect means;
since both James and Edith Wharton were extremely reticent about their
personal lives. James’ almost morbid fear of pasterity's prying interest
into his affairs prompted him to burn many of his papers, including most
of Edith Wharton’s letters to him. Mrs. Wharton was equally reticent
about her private life, but deposited a large number of her letters in the
Yale University Library, not to be opened until 1968. Miss Bell has made
the eagerly awaited revelations of this surprise package somewhat enti-
climactlc by her diligent search through several other collections, includ-
ing a large hoard of unpublished James letters atHarvard's Houghton
Library. Seventy-four of James' letters to Edith Wharton, fifty-seven of
which/have never been printed in whole or in part, are the principal
foundations of the book.

The author approaches her subject by making aclear division between
the personal and the literary relationships, in the manner of the French
these: the life and the works. if this method makes for some needles'é
repetitiousness and overlapping, it is perhaps justified in the way it es-
tablishes the sharp distinction which existed in her subjects' own minds
between their personal and professional lives.

Although Henry James and Edith Wharton had attended several of the
some dinner parties In the 1880's and 1890's, their first real conversation
was In London in 1903, when he was 59 and she was 39. This meeting was
followed by an extended visit James made in 1904 to the Whartons' sum-
mer home in Lenox, Massachusetts, where their long friendship really
began. Finding Edith Wharton a fascinating and brilliant talker and her
automobile irrestible, James immediately became addicted to afternoon
drives in the Berkshires, picking up innumerable ﬂeeting impressions of,
College in 1948- scenery and people as he rode through the countryside.

It has become second only to The value of this friendship for James was in the diversion and
“The Threepenny opera" m the amusement provided by one of the few female writers of his acquaintance
number 0, professional productions for whom he had a genuine professional respect, and in their extensive
O, Brechtplaysmthe Unuedsmes' automobile trips, which, during the next few years, gave him many
and ~sze "Threwenny ,, the ﬁrst glimpses of England and the Continent he otherwise would never have
Brecht may to Gamma“; New York seen. Edith Wharton, on the other hand, found herself escaping the con-

A special student group rate for finement of her New York social world in the company of a world-famous
“chalk amen tickets is “31h writer who embodied the life of art which she wishes desperately to pur-
able on application to this emce- sue. She was, as Millicent Bell suggests, in many ways like the American
Please write or telephone: omce women of James's novels--particulariy Isabel Archer in "The Portrait
0, the Director of Public Relations of a Lady"--who find themselves possessed of unlimited freedom and
Repertory Theater of Lincoln Can: passionately devote themselves to exercising their freedom of choice.
tar 150 west 65 street New York Edith Wharton confronted Europe in order to make it yield up its secrets
N Y’ 10023, EN 2_,7600’ ’ In a way that is almost patently Jamesian, yet she was tragically confined

' ' ’ ' in her movements by the presence of her increasingly neurotic husband.

America at Minnesota’s Carleton

 

present the true representation of
the Living Area Affairs Commis-
slon Budget for the 1966-1907 school
year. I believe that in the "guest
editorial" of the April 10, 1966
edition of the ASP the facts were
certainly twisted.

Firstly, the programs for the
quadranglos include a variety of
activities, much more than simply
hear parties and such as was stated
in the above mentioned editorial.
These activities include guest lec-
ture series, faculty-student recep-
tions, library ‘services on a small
basis, special programs such as a
Smiles Party and Seasonal festivi-
ties, and a newsletter which will
contain information and ideas per-
tinent to those involved with Uni-
versity living on all levels. Sub-
fronting the expected income of the
three quads, it is seen that $975.00
will actually be supplied for social
events such as “beer parties and
similar contributions" rather than
the $1205.00 as stated in the edi-
torial. (Expected Income on the
quads will he received by charging
admission to the various social
events planned.)

aspects of University living. As
the population of the University
grows, a need for this identifying
factor will appear obvious. Cer-
tainly, in future years, the expen-
ditures for these areas will greatly
increase.

Yes, $1590.00 was allotted to the
Living Area Affairs Commission, as
was stated in the editorial, but the
Commission feels that these funds
will be used in beneficial channels.

Eleanor Dtenor
Chairman, Living Area
Affairs Commission ’05-'06

NYC Field Trip
Planned by DE

The Distributive Education Club
is planning its annual field trip to
New York City May 11. The Club
will visit Gimbel Brothers.

Basses will leave Albany at 7:00
a.m. Wednesday and will return at
10:00 p.m.

Round trip fare is $6.95 and can
paid at the desk outside Draper 149.

SENIORS 8. GRAD STUDENTS

We are now talking orders

for (AP 8. GOWN rentals in the
textbook department of the store

DEADLINE IS MAY 23rd!
will accepted after this Date

ATTENTION

At about the time she had her first successes asawriter, "Teddy"
Wharton began to show signs of a “neurasthenia” which progressively
worsened until he was almost completely impossible to live with. James
was fascinated with their relationship, but played the role of observer,
again uncannin like a character from one of his novels--Ra1ph Toucheit,
in “The Portrait of a Lady," for example. But to condemn James as
wholly ineffectual is unfair, as Miss Bell points out, since he was deeply,
emotionally Involved with Edith Wharton's marital difficulties, which
eventually led to divorce. in reply to a letter describing her husband's.
deteriorating mental state, he wrote: “i am deeply distressed at the
situation you describe...l move in darkness; I rack my brain;lgnash
my teeth." And, he advised, "Only sit tight yourself and go through the
movements of life. That keeps up our connection with life--l mean of the
immediate and apparent life; behind which, all the while, the deeper and
darker and unapparent life, in which things really happen to us, lea,
under that hygiene, to stay in its place."

in dealing with the question of literary influence Miss Bell makes the
point that the resemblances between James and Mrs. Wharton are largely
superficial, and that many of her books, such as "Ethan Frame" and
“The House of Mirth,” are quite unlike James in tone and subject matter.
in her lifelong preoccupation with the "international theme" Edith Whar-
ton is certainly allied to James, although the use he makes of it is less
'explicitly concerned with social relationships than hers.” “The Age of
Innocence” (1920) perhaps her most Jameslan book, still is different in
tone from James, according to Miss Bell, since itisaretrospective
novel of American manners, while James' American backgrounds are
almost exclusively of the present, whether it be the present of his youth
or age: “Edith Wharton's age of innocence was an America inaccessiny
vanished, and she memorialized it in a spirit of satire tempered with
nostalgia."

No orders

 

DON’T FORGET MOTHER

May 8th is MOTHER’S DAY

Seal let a and from 0%
W claim 6r f/flllm/lﬁfl

it occurs to the reader of her letters and novels that Edith Wharton
was perhaps closer to F. Scott Fitzgerald (whom she admired) than to
James in her realistic chronicling of the vagaries of the rich and inﬂuen-
tial. iier masterpiece, "The House of Mirth," for example, 15 deliberately
un-Jamcsian in its treatment of the vulgar and trivial in the world of
fashion. Commenting on the meaning of that book she writes: “A frivolous
society can acquire dramatic significance only through what its frivolity
destroys. Its tragic implication lies in its power of debasing people and
ideals." How much closer in tone and attitude this is to "The Great Gats-
by” and "Tender is the Night" than to "The Portrait of a Lady” or "The
Spoils of Poynioni”

artifacts

 

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

Draper Hall

135 W esfem Ave.

Albany, N. Y.

May 1 Mechanics Exchange Savings Bank. Erica Mae
Brooks one-man show.

May I Piano Recital at Albany institute of History and
Art. Students of Miss Leis Busch. 3:00 p.m.

May l—3I Schenectady Museum. 2Ist Greater Schenectady
Art Exhibition. Opening 2:30 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. "

May 2 Albany Symphony Orchestra Concert. .Phliip
Livingston High School. 8:]5 p.m.

Ex"  May 3 Schenectady Museum-Union College Concert

Series at Union College Memorial Chapel. Al-
beny Symphony and Morymeunt Glee Club. 8:30
p.m. Charge. _ . ,

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
    

 

  

