J. ~-N

   

 

  
   
 

 

 

 

l

 

//////// // //// / ///
‘

/.//‘ I

~\\.\ ‘

//

y o

“ §e\\

s o \ ‘
’ /////l

\‘s. \s\\\\\

 

 

 

 

 

The two opposingphilosophies over the
use of a screening committee to deter-
mine the nominees for MYSKANIA came
to light at the Supreme Court meeting
Monday.

Opposition was raised by a disen-
chanted office seeker over whether such
a screening committee was constitu-

l tional or whether the Student Associa-
tion should vow» for anybody who applied
for nomination.

The part of the Student Association
Constitution that was in question was

, . Article 1, Section g: “the Central Coun-
9. oil shall provide for proper and just
Student Association elections and tabu-
lations of the results thereof.”

For years elections for MYSKANIA
have not been “just” elections. The most
qualified people have not always «been

Supreme Court’s Actions

Two of the actions takenby the Supreme
Court Monday are very disturbing to us.
Their first action was issuing an in—
junction halting the MYSKANIA election
. until March 3. It is not with the injunc-
I ' tion that we take cause but rather with
the date set.
:‘ g If the Court had any regard for the
I inconvenience the injunction will cause,
they would have ruled on the constitu-
tionality of the screening committee
Tuesday.
We cannot see the delay. The petitioner
i would have sufficient time to prepare
r his case.
I
l
I

 

Den'f forget to ask if the hotel supplies T.V.,

“Ileiense oi Screening Committee

Albany Student Press

ESTAILlSHED IAY "I.
IV TH" " ASS 0' Nil

Mary; ionire's “Batman” "ml"

eleufea. Instead. the person with the
biggest smile, who was a “nice guy or
girl” and who did‘not necessarily do
,a damn thing,was elected.

For the first time a step was taken in
the right direction to prevent this popu—
larity contest. A screening committee
was set up to “screen” the best candi—
dates. The result is obvious if you look
at the list of people on the approved
'slate. They have all contributed much
to the University, and deserve to be on
MYSKANIA.

In order for MYSKANIA to remain as
a viable and respected body", only those
qualified people should be eligible to run.

We hope that the Supreme Court will
realize that a screening committee is a
necessity in order to hold a “proper and
just” electiOn.

There are no precedents involved on
which to base a decision so the justices
will have to go on their own interpreta-
tion of the constitution.

The other grievance is the inability
of two Court members to hear the case
because of a conﬂict of interest in-
volved. These two justices are obli—
gated morally to disqualify themselves.

This would lead only four justices on
the Court eligible to try the case which
would be less than their quorum stipu-
lates is necessary for a hearing.

 

 sorensnoaitmes?normality
Kennedy as

. father of active,

 

we a...‘

at Albany.
Thursday nights.

The Albany Student Press is c semi-weekly newspaper published by the I
The ASP otlice, located in Room 5 of Brubacher Hall at 750 State Street, is open lrom 7-ll pun.
The ASP may be reached by dialing 434-4031 or 472-7283.

JOSE PH 5.
Editors-in-Chia

student body ol the State University of New rorn
Sunday through

SILVER‘MAN

 

* . . (or
M.»complementing

by H. S. Price, Jr.

KENNEDY. By Theodore C. Sorenson. 758 pp. New York: llorper & Row.
810.00. I ‘ .
“Midwestern Progressive" lawyer
1959 when he accepted a position as
elected United States Senator. The

Theodore C. Sorenson, a young
first met John F. Kennedy": January,
sslstant to recon y
l‘etiiiilla’lihz‘rzngement lasted until Kennedy's death. Kennedy trusted him
more than he trusted any other official except, perhaps, Robert Kennedy,
and Sorenson became Special Counsel to the President after the 1960
election. He was the executive assistant to the President in charge of
domestic affairs, but after the Bay of Pligs incident he was akey figure
01 tion of all forei crises as we .
m th'tl‘llsusl,i Sorenson is igneally equipped to write a memoir of Kennedy.
No claims are put forth that this volume is a history of the period or even
a critical biography. As the author stated, “it is not even aneutral ac;
count." it is a memoir of John F. Kennedy, "...relying on what I know.
No attempt has been made to do any further research. The book is clearly
organized and pleasantly written, with about seventy percent of the book
being devoted to the campaigns and to governmental domestic problems.
The spirit of the book is friendly and charitable, but, unfortunately, little
is said about any disagreements with other members of the administra-
tion. Some of the chapters which deal with the non-glamorous problems of
administration are a bit tedious.
the The core of the book is essentially the picture that Sorenson points of
that complex man, John F. Kennedy. It is an exciting picture. He sketches
the well know portrait of Kennedy; the handsome, laughing, sharp-wilted
young man of grace and style as seen in the magazines and on TV; the
wealthy, dynamic athlete and war hero; the Pulitzer Prize winner who
seemed always surrounded by brilliantly intellectual people;ihe second son
of a huge and closely knit family ofhandsome brothers and glamorous sis-
ters; and finally the husband of a lady of charm and fragile beauty, and the
photogenic children.

This public picture barely scratches the surface of the man. His bril-
liant mind was very practical, and he was immensely curious in the widest
sense of the word. He was interested ineverythlng. An omnivorous reader,
he quickly digested the most complex material,and his curiosity made him
a good listener. He used his eyes to see the world around him. For in-
stance, he had never understood poverty until the West Virginia primary
when he came into contact with the depths of poverty. The sight of poor
school children in that state carrying home part of their federally finan-
ced school lunches to share with their families led him to take action when
he became President.

Kennedy was basically a political
without considering the political effects, and he never lost an election.
After post-war service in the House, he defeated Henry Cabot Loge in
1952 and he was overwhelmingly re-elected in 1958 to the United States
Senate. Absenteeism marred his Senate record, but he never refused an
invitation to speak, nor did he neglect minority groups at any time. His
only serious concern after 1958 was the Presidential campaign. The
"Kennedy Team" was perfectly organized and absolutely untiring. The
professional helpers, such as Sorenson, were the best who could be found,
but the great strength of the team was in the devoted efforts of his family
and in the loyalty of the volunteer co-workers. He never seemed to lose a
friend, once he had given his friendship.

Kennedy faced two major problems in the 1960 Election. The first
was to become better known to the voters. To project his image, he ap-
peared in every state exeept those in the Deep South. Then, he received
an assist from Nixon when the latter accepted the idea of nationally tele-
vised debates. The second problem, the religious issue, was never fully
solved, but Kennedy's forthright statements in West Virginia did much to
allay Protestant suspicion.

Sorenson saw changes in Kennedy after he became President — he
seemed to gather strength from the office of the Presidency. Previously,
Kennedy’s personality had been somewhat mysterious and reserved, and
no one could fully'penelraie that deep mind. But. the series of crises and
trials that he had to undergo immediately seemed to strengthenhim.
Probably the most notable change was growth, moral and intellectual
growth. As he gained experience, he made decisions with firmness and
wisdom. For instance, in 1961 civil rights to Kennedy meant the pressure
of a minority group, not receiving fair play in our American society. He
did what he could in an administrative way to help the Negro, but he
would not jeopardize his overall program by pushing Civil Rights meas-
ures in Congress. However, after three years of struggling with Southern
segregationisis he acquired an understanding of the basic justice of the
Negro Revolution, North and South. His answer was to send to Congress
in 1969 the most significant civil rights bill to date.

Another comparison can be made in the handling of the two Cuban
crises, the Bay of Pigs of April, 1901 and the missile crisis of October,
1962. The Bay of Pigs was a turning point for Kennedy. The fact that he,
and he alone, had the ultimate responsibility had not yet been fully in—
grained in him. He assumed that his subordinates had accepted the re-
sponsibility for careful study and coordination of the plan, and he simply,
adopted the proposed plan with minor modifications. Disaster followed.
During the missile crisis Kennedy alone never lost sight of the twin goals:
to force the removal of the missiles from Cuba, and to keep the peace
by affording Khrushchev an avenue of retreat. The resultant handling of
the crisis was a diplomatic masterpiece.

This friendly, understanding portrait will be a major source for all
historians who will study the life of John F‘. Kennedy.

I COMMUNICATIONS I

Slap at University

being. He never took any action

 

explanation.
i feel that we were slapped in the

PATRICIA E. SIPLO
Faulure Editor
LARRY EPSTElN
Arts Editor
WALTER POST
Pholography Editor
MARGARET DUNLAP
News iior

CHARLEN M. CARSON
Public Re prions Editor

EILEEN MANNING
Senior Editor

SANDRA ROSENTHAL
uslness Manager
ROBERT STEPHENSON
Photography Editor
NANCY FELTS
Asloclaie Editor

~ RAYMOND. A. McCLOAT
Sports Edilor
EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor
JUDY JAWITZ
Technical Supervisor
DON OPPEDISANO
Associate Sports Editor

9......“ -w

Lorraine Baron, Sue Chops, Klrslen Hunted
Michael Purdy
Cynlhla Goodman, Malcolm Provost, Rlchard Kass,
Mark Cunningham, Nancy Miadenbeuer Sue Stalger,
Barbara Elodge", Bob Wenger, Bill Schrllrman,
Linda Bregrnan, John Spross, Sieve Curll
D’ 5 ’ll , Sf ve Walter, Harr Nucliols Douglas ﬂarhgab
w". own“ I a YDouglas Idphan, Bob Maul",
Tea Moon Lee, Lewis Tichler, Stuart Lupe"
based to the edllors and should be signed. Communications should be llmllad to 300
The Albany Student Press assumes no responsibilin lar oplnlens expressed In in ca -
Ions do not necessarily reflect lls views.

 

 

 

 

Desk Edllol"
Aulslant Eusinr'ss Manager
Srail....

 

 

 

 

Columnists

 

Photographer: ’
All communications must be addr
words and are subject Io editing.
umns or communications as such eaprns

To the Editor,

Having made arrangements
through a certain promoter whose
name will not be mentioned, lwas
led to believe that I had an inter-
view wlth Peter, Paul and Mary for
my folk article in the ASP.

However, I later discovered that
this promoter lied. He had not ar—
ranged rior even mentioned this in-
terview to the group. As a repre-
sentative of our University lfeli
we were treated with an extreme
lack of courtesy.

The ASP was important enough
to this promoter to carry his ad.-
vertiaeraani, yet when it came to
recognising our status after the
performance. he appeared less than
concerned, so much so that he did
not bother to remain to give me an

face. If he did not want. to bother,
he simply could have told me that
it would not be possible to arrange

an interview. 1 sincerely trope that'

'1 deal with honest people in the
future.
Roger Barkin

 

ASP NEEDS PHOTOGRAPH-
ERS AND PASTEJJP GIRLS

 

 

 

  
  
 

 

 
  
  

  

‘ y Aileen Schlef _‘

Tourists from all' over are world
flock to our nation's Capital to view
m grand monuments and the ma-
jesiy of the Potomac cherry blos-
soms in the spring. Not many real-
ize that within the boundaries of
the District of Columbia live 809,000
residents-in comfort and in squalor.

These are the helcrogenous people
who populate America's ninth lar-
gest city who may not even glance
as they pass the White House or
the Capital.

They have on their minds the
more mundane aspects of Washing-
ton life — improvement of housing
facilities in the slum areas, pro-
vision of a more efficient transit
system, protection of the citizenry,
how to provide an educational sys-
tem befitting the dignity of the U.S.
Capital. Herein lies the paradox.

Washingtonians have no available
means to make their wishes known.
They are governed by the 535 mem-
bers of Congress who are constantly
beset by national problems and most
of whom have never established
residence in the District.

The city's affairs are adminis-
tered by a Board of three Commis-
sioners, appointed by the President;
but all major decisions are made by
the four District of Columbia Com-
mittees of the House and Senate.

The smallest detail such as snow
removal must go through the same
28 legislative steps as vital national
bills, must be passed by the commit-
tee, then by the full House and Sen-
ate, and ﬁnally must bear the Pres-
ident’s signature.

it has been estimated that Con-
gress spends at least $2,000,000
and 5,000 man-hours each year
serving as the District's city coun-
cil.

Home Rule Necessary

The importance of home rule,
that is, local self government, has
been realized by many leading Wash-
ingtonians and civic organizations.
Others unfortunately remain apathe-
tic. Six bills liave passed the Senate

 V I _‘on-?Need's Ho :
"Ital city is America’s Paradox

since 1949.

The House District Committee has
resisted any attempt to bringcount-
less bills initiated to the floor for a
vote. During the summer of 1965,
the use ofadischarge petition signed
by 218 representatives finally
brought the bill from the Committee
for a vote in the House. it failed to
pass.

Washington citizens practiced lo-
cal self—government for seventy-two
years durlugthe 19th century. James
Madison in No. 43 of his "Federal-
ist" papers declared, “A municipal
legislation for local purposes de-
rived from their own suffrage will,
of course. be allowed them."

ppolnred Governor

In 1871 the people of the District
acquiesced in a change to territor-
ial form of government under which
they lost their right to an elected
mayor. The mayor-council govern-
ment was replaced by an appointed
governor andaleglslatlve bicamei‘al
assembly.

In 1874, Congress withdrew the
local voting franchise entirely and
established a temporary commis—
sion form of government which was
later made permanent. The District
of Columbia with a population lar-
ger than eleven states is thus gov-
nered today.

Full representation in Congress
can be granted only by the adoption
of an amendment to the Constitu-
tion which requires action by Con-
gress and ratification by the States.

Local self-government, including
a provision for anon-voilngdelegaie
to the House, can be achieved simply
by an act of Congress. In 1053 the

Supreme Court unanimously upheld
the constitutionality of borne rule.

The basic problem rests with the
fact that so many Federal agen-
cies are concentrated in the dis-
trict. Over 50‘}; of the land is occu-
pied by the Federal government and
tax exempt institutions such as em-
bassies and the national headquar-
ters for many organizations.

The only tax controlled by the

 

“latitudplktealsg 

Commissioners is that on real «5-,
into; all other revenue is under
Congressional Control and there-
fore subject to local interest of its
members.

Negroes constitute a majority in
Washington. The Civil Rights issue
has remained in the forefront. in
the 1963 March on Washington, the
demand for full enfranchlsemeni of
all citizens of the District of Co-
lumbia was included.

The Southern rural Representa-
tives have remained in violent op-
position to home rule.

Home rule has been endorsed by
the Truman, Eisenhower, Kennedy,
and Johnson administrations as well
as the two major national political
parties. President Johnson urged
the 80th Congress to enact legisla-
tion at “the earliest possible date."

Our Federal, State and Local gov-
ernments rest on the principle of
democracy — the people elect those
who govern them. We cherish the
credo declared by our forefathers:
no taxation without representation.

We know full well that men and
Women give the most of themselves
when they are permitted to attack
problems which directly affect
them.

Self-government for the District
would not be an innovation. It is a
return to the views of the founding
fathers.

Civic Groups have united to edu-
caie fellow Washingtonians and the
rest of the U.S.A. Plans are in or-
der for a National Home Rule Day
and a Teach-in so that all Ameri-
cans will understand thelr plight.
Local needs of a large city require
local attention.

Newman Boer Parry

Another Newman Beer Party will
be held this Friday evening, Febru-
ary 25 at the Knights of Columbus
Hall, 3’75 Ontario Street at 8:00
p.1n. Music is by the“Warlocks."
$1.50 includes admission and beer.
It’s Mardi Gras and everyone's in-
vlied.

 

 

 

$04 36

mag T/ME /ZL WEAR Ml/
[1.1.5. pRESS- Fines
P057— GRAD 51/100"

 

Mr ..'

ROSEN’S

Department Store

241 Central Ave. , Albany
BPElI EVERY EVENING ill 9 Mi.

,Ar 6 0; r. .3 ..

  

 

 

 

..  "3’12___ 5.

 

gr.
1.:

     
 

2"

 

r

ELEMENTARY SCHOOL LIBRARY: Only 15 of 130 elementary

schools in Washington, D.C. h

ave any official library at all.

Congress gives the city only fifty cents per child lor elemen-

tary school library books, whil
per child.

Peter, Paul &M

e the national median is $3.00

ary Hypnotizing

During Monday Night’s concert

by Roger Barkln

The lights went out asthrec warm
and familiar people burst onto the
stage. One was short, another was
tall and the third was cool‘nltbsleek
blond hair". Yet, the trio had some-
thing in common as they appeared
in the deep blue light. They were
here to entertain hoping everyone
would leave a more content ludi-
vlduai. At least that was the wayl
felt after the concert.

Peter, Paul and Mary are pro-
fessionals in every sense of the
word. Their voices can glide like
the flight of an eagle or sound out
the cries of the oppressed. They
can make you happy or sad at will.
Front “The Hour the Ship Comes
In" until “Pull,” which was dedi-
cated to Mary, who is expecting a
baby in June, the threesome was
in complete control, They seemed
to reach out to tickle you with a
leather when they used kazoos for
acr'ompanirncni. Within an instant
the audience was again hypnotized
on this occasion by “The Very
First Time.” During most of the
performance, it was very inter-
esting lo note the effect of the
shadows cast by the spotlights.

They added to the divinity of the
music.

in addition to the songs that preach
brotherhood and tell tales of love,
there were several protest songs
written by Woodie Guthrie and Pete
Seeger many years ago. To add to
the variety, Paul did a comedy
routine that poked fun at television
commercials and Saturday morning
kiddie shows. Continuing lljernock-
ery Peter, Paul and Mary did a
popular routine from their old agen-
da, the ruck and roll version of the
children's song, "Old Blue.” The
encore of “if 1 Had a Hammer" and
“Puff” put the finishing touches on
a very polished performance shining
with perfect timing and liarrnony.l
am certain that it is their intention
to create beauty through music. I
doubt whether they are strongly
concerned how ethnic they appear.

A quick note before cioslng.“'I'he
Friars,” a group of Folk-Singing
seminarians, will be appearing at
the Neighborhood House on North
Pearl St. ill Albany this coming
Friday at 8 p.111. 1 would appreciate
any information about future folk-
siuging events in this area. i can
be contacted through the offices of
the ASP.

Building Better Bridge I

by Harry Nuckals

'l‘he declared in any contract al-
ways has one big advantage over
the defense. lie can see all of his
side's strength as soon as the open-
lug load is made, lie can play any
legal card from his hand on any
trick and be sure that he is not
going to fool his partner.

The defense, however, ruusiruakc
use of every card in order in tell
partner what to do. For thisreasou,
certain signals are legal (not, how-
ever, a loot across the table). One
of the most useful of these signals
is called suit preference.

Singleton Lead

1 In today's hand, East knows that
lllel‘f! is a good chance hisparincr's
lead is a singlclon. He takes the
ace of spades and gives his partner
a rul'i‘. Bul how is partner to know
that he should return a diamond
instead of a club?

East’s spade will tell him. “are
is how it works. East assumes that
his partner will trump the spade
and cannot, therefore, lead back a
spade. The trump lead is also out
of the question since that would
probably be his last trump.

Direct Relationship
That leaves him with a choice of

two suits, in this case, clubs and NORTH

diamonds. if East wants his partner
to return the HIGHER ranking of
the twa remaining suits, he leads
11 HIGH card for his partner to

turn the LOWER ranking of the
two remaining suits, he leads :1
LOW card for partner lo trump.

in today's hand, East led the
jack oi spades at trick two, so
when West trumped, he knew his
partner wanted him to lead buck
the higher ranking of the two re-
maining surfs, diamonds. Ofcuurse,
East won the diamond return and
gave West a second rufl to defeat
the contract.

if East had wanted a club return,
he would have led the three of
spades. Surl preference may also
be applied to certain other situa-
tions, but this Is the most common.

SK75
HQJco
DKQ
CKooo
N
32 SAJ10043
rr42 w a non
D1090532 0A7
CQJlOU S C542
soon
HAK1073
DJ84
CA6

Dealer: North Vulnerable: E-W .

THE AUCTION

EAST SOUTH WEST
1C 16 2” Pass
3H Pass 41! Pass

Pass Pass

trump. If he wants partner to 1'9- Opening Load: 2 of spades

 

