  
  
   

rt

 

.._,._..____...——....- 

 

 

 

Z

‘ hull

 

 

 

 

WHO'S NEXT...?

in Committee Investigation

Central Council empowered the Student Tax Com-
mittee “to study the athletic tax —- its means of fi-
nancing, its budgets and other methods pertaining to
the financing of athletic tax” at its meeting before
I-Iaster Recess.

This investigation of athletic tax and its workings
have been called for by many people in recent years.
The reason for this is the nebulous workings of the
machinery which determines how the money from
athletic tax will be spent.

Some of these financial practices have been criti-
cized but nothing has come of it because the Adminis-
tration has all power over the athletic tax. This is the
first time that student government has attempted to
exert itself over the matter.

We would like to see the Student Tax Committee make
a thorough (as much as possible) investigation of the
tax and attempt to shed some light on how the money
is spent.

Also, we feel the committee should look into the
athletic surplus which we are told is over $100,000.
If the Athletic Department is able to acquire a sur-
plus this high at the present rate of taxation, we feel
that athletic tax should be reduced. This reduction
would allow Central Council to raise student tax the
same amount as the reduction without affecting the
total amount of the Student Assessment Fees.

This could partially solve the problem caused by
the voluntary student tax and would increase the scope
of student activities. We feel these activities should be
given priority over increasing the scope of athletics
at the University.

The only roadblock the comn 2e faces when it
undertakes such an investigation is the Administration.
We are sure that since President Collins has indicated
that he feels Student Association and its activities are
vital to~the University, the Student Tax Committee’s
recommendations will be given serious consideration.

. §y~clilritlslft0llllnu .

by Low [Koran ?

apathy" has been, and continues to
be, the greatest problem of Student

‘ Association. It seems a shame that

under a new student government,
with so much opportunity to change
existing conditions (e.g. women's
hours, alcohol policy), so many
complainers have done so much
talking and so little else.

A good example of this lack of
volunteers can be found in the prob-
lem facing Living Area Affairs Ju-
dicial Committee (LAAJC), which
has been staffed by seven this year,

but may be unable to function dur-_

ing the 66-67 school year for lack
of applicants.
This court,

months, hears all individual vio-
lations of university rules, from
girl's lateness to damage of uni-
versity property.

Probably one of the most effec-
tive student groups in the univer-
sity, It has not only dealt justly and
maturer with many students, but
it has also served in several cases,
as a mediator in conflicts between
students and administration.

  
 

The familiar ... of "too much

which has handled,
scores of cases in the past SIX‘

v A rill-y. out)”; no.6...

'By widely interpreting its powerd,
it has proposed changes in several
rules, among them, one presently
before the administration’s student
Conduct Committee, to change the
three women-present visiting regu-'
lation for men's apartments.

Its remarkable record also in.
cludes participation in the planning
of the February '66 Judicial Work-
shop, headed by Joan Podris, .
LAAJC's chief justice.

As evidence of the character of
its members, the group decided in.
drawing it operating rules, that
attendance of every member would
be mandatory for any case hearing.
To date, the court has held only one 4
of its meetings with less than the
usual 100 percent attendance.

in a student body full of com-
plainers, it Is ironic that this group
will go crying for applicants this
spring, as will so many others which
offer such a worthwhile supplement
to the academic curriclum.

Those who complain that there Is
little meaningful activity going on in
student government this year will
find that LAAJC is‘one of the many
groups which is a direct contra-
diction to their claims.

Civil Rights Movement Explained
Through Psychology Relationship

by James C. Moncuso

A statement aboutthe relationship
of psychology to the civil rights
movement might best begin by an
attempt to understand the points
made by Lee J. Crotibach in his
presidential address to the Ameri-
can Psychological Association in
1957. We quote him  “The testers
and classifiers have been the po-
litical conservatives, while those
who try to find the best common
treatment for all - particularly In
education - have been the liberals.
This essential conservatism ofper-
sonnel psychology traces backto the
days of Darwin and Spencer. 
(They) were the real (geiletic)deter-
minists. The survival of the fittest,
as a law of nature, guaranteed man’s
superiority and the ultilnatetriumpll
of the natural aristocrats among men
... (Social) institutions, by demand-
Ing adaptation, serve as instruments
of natural selection among men.Tlle
essence of freedom is seen as the
freedom to compete for survival.
To Spencer and Galton, and to their
present day successors, the suc-
cessful are those who have the
greatest adjustive capacity. The
psychologists job, in this tradition,
is to facilitate or anticipate natural
selection. He seeks only to reduce
its cruelty and wastage by predict-
ing who will survive in schools and
other (social) institutions, as they
exist. He takes the system for
granted and tries to identify who
will fit Illto it. His devices have a
conservative influence because they
identify persons who will succeed
in the existing institution. by re-

 

Aibany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY I916

BY THE CLASS OF I918

 

 

 

The Albany Student Press is c semi-weakly newspaper published by the student body of the State University of New Yoril
at Albany. The ASP office, located in Room 5 ol Brubucher Hall at 750 State Street, is open from 7-” P.m. Sunday through

Thursday nights. The ASP may be reached by dialing 434.403],

JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
[Human-Chief
PATRICIA E. $IPLO
Feature Editor
LARRY EPSTEIN
Arts Editor
WALTER POST
Photography Editor

CHARLENE M. CARSON
Public Relations Editor

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
opens Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Execuliyo Editor

DON OPPEDISANO
Associate Sports Editor
EILEEN MANNING
Senior Edi'or

Duk Edi for-

MARGARET DUN LAP
New. Editor

SANDRA ROSENTHAL
Business Manager
NANCY FELTS
Auoclute Editor

LORRAINE R. BAZAN
Technical Supervisor

“"- Chapo, Kirsten Hunted.

 

Advertising Stall

Allister" Business Manager

Bruce Kgulmon, Laura DeCaroIIs
Michael Purdy

 

Mulrnm Provost Richard Kou, Mork Cunningham, Nancy Mledcnbouer,
enter, Bill Schrillmon, John Sprou, Linda

regmuu, Sieve urgl,

Bob W
Ken Bernstein. Coral Allbclllllif, Linda Duffy, Sore Klmley, Marc Palette, Madeline Schnabel.

f' ' ‘ nit-M Somerviile, Jane Schneider, Hurry Mitchell/Douglas Rothgzb.
D. Gordon Uphom, Bell Merritt, Roger Bur in

Photographers

 

TOO M00" L". Lewis Tlchier, Stuart-Lube", Robert Stout-men;

All communications must he oddruud to the editors and should be aimed. Communication; should be limited to 300 word!
Id ore Iubiecl lo odI ling. The Albany Student Preu ouurnes no ruponaiblllly for opinions "proceed in If. columns

Mcommunicoiions as such expressions do not npssuon‘ly reflect lII yiowo.

duclng failures, they t'emoveachal-
lenge which might otherwise force
the institution to change.

“The experimental scientist in-
herits an interpretation of evolution
associated with Ward, James and
Dewey. For them, man’s progress
rests on his Intelligence; the great
struggle for survival is a struggle
against environment, not against
competitors. Intelligent man must
reshape his environment, not merely
conform to it."

With this prelude, Cronbach goes
on to explain the role oftlle psychol-
ogist as he would ideally conceiveit.

"The greatest social benefit will
come from applied psychology If we
can find for each individual the
treatment to which he can most
easily adapt."

Here then is one way to view the
basic challenge to those who would
use the approaches and methods of
psychology to the problems of the
social and educational world.

The conditions under which each
organism can best meet the situa-
tions around him need to be ex-
plained.

Happily, for the psychologists in
the latter group lll Cronbach's clas-
sification, the civil rights action
groups have joined the intellectual
battle. They have said, Ill essence,
“we will not allow you educators
simply to tell us who are superior,
who are the 'adaptive elite,’ in the
present society. You must go on to
explain the relationships between
the variables that produced the
'elite,’ and you must alter the world
so that these variables work to favor
our Offspring as well as yours."
The "inferior" groups have, in es-
sence, come out against the “in-
born-knob—Ili-tlle-head" theory of
intelligence. They have taken sides
with the theorists \vliohave asserted
that intelligence is, after all, adap-
tive power; and that the one defini-
tive fact of education is that adap-
tive power can be altered by otlc’s
experiences.

If the civil rights group accom-
plisll no other etld than to force, if
necessary, this view Into the most
central conceptions of our educa-
tional leadership, they will have
accomplished a major social revo-
lution. It appears that this is what
has been happening. The Economic
Opportunity Act has tacitly accepted
this view by instituting Head-Start
programs. More of these programs
are being demanded, and will be Im-

plemented. Title I provisions of the
recent Federal Education Act makes
available federal funds for investi-
gation and study of children who
would, in many scllool systems, be
practically written off as “slow
learners," "retardates" or emo-
tionally blocked." The state of New
York, in the last legislative ses-
sion, was presented with a law that
paralleled the Title [provisions of
the Federal Act.

The problems of de facto segre-
gation, which In many commuttlties
served as a way of relegatlng ml-
nority groups to a second-rate edu-
cation, nre being consideredln many
communities. The growth of public
higher educational systems is re-
lated to demands that every child be
clearly assured of the same educa-
tional opportunities offered to a
third-generation Yale student.

One interesting development of
the civil rights group notions Is the
cessation of “intelligence” testing
ill some school systems. This de-
velopment has a justifiable basis in
that the common interpretations of
"Intelligence" tests stem frotn the
"klloh-in-tlle-llead” theory of lil-
telligencc. Titus, a teacher, finding
that the child who couldn’t learn to
read had an intelligence quotient of
70, could self-colltentedly attribute
that child's lack of progress to the
small size of its "knob-In-ihe-
head." She is thereby exonerated,
site happily believes, from further
responsibility ill discovering and
working with the variables that ef-
fect the level and rate of the child's
concept developtnetlt. He simply, as
his 16) test shows, has a regrettably
small "knob-in-the-Ilead." Tllo
protesters of the test procedures
have decided that, in this Instance,
the soap would have to be thrown
out with the bath water. This Is
unfortunate, for if the tests were
used In the only fashion they can
justifiably be used; that is, to give
an Indication of the child’s present
conceptual level, we would have
available a useful tool.

When "intelligence" testing re-
turns to the schools where it is now
batted, we will no doubt find that
there will have been a definitive
change Ill the theoretical structure
that guides the educational system.
By then, It is hoped, lilo research-
ers will llavo thoroughly explored
the variables that contribute to pro-
ducing the "adaptive elite." Tile
results of this effort can be nothing
but profitable.

| COMMUNICA TIONSI

letter to Caoeites

To. the editor:

symbolized by the square fortifica—
topped tables and the mono-colored
walls would “blow your image."

Good-bye "troglodytes." we mg. The only answer is to petition the
to see you go, but w. gympumu Administration to provide you with
with you. We understh fully that another may pen (Cave) complete
your congcjgnc. could My mum,” with finger paints and sand boxes.

allowed you to attend classes at the
new campus.
' ... "antiseptic cleanliness,“

Jeff Warner
Donald Ferguson
George Rooney

.iiliii‘y'fa‘i‘sitt ’15, mo

 

 

   

 

 

 

~,'.?l."ovetlhellll Writing Aw.“ I. 
' ' (fiction) ‘ '.
Deadline Friday, May 13

Submit Manuscripts To
' file English Dept. Office

Of Professor Mirabelli

by Douglas Rothgcb

In case you haven't noticed re-
cently, movies about nuns are sud-
delily back lit style. At the present
.time there are four such films,
two foreign alld two dolnestic,which
are either out already or soon to
be released. The two foreign films
are Luis Brunel's “La Religieuse"
(The Nun) and the Catherine Speak
starrer, "The Little Nuns." The
two American products, possibly
more familiar, are "Tile Singing
Nun" and “Tile Trouble With An-
gels." it is the last of these that
this review is concerned with.

Life in the Convent School
“Tile Trouble With Angels” stars

, _ Rosalind Russell and Hayley Mills

and is a sometimes sticky, some-
times overcute, sometimes quite
amusing comedy about life ill a
convent school.

Based on June Trailey's auto-
biographical “Life Wiill Mother Su-

_ pel‘lol',” the fillll follows two young

New Mawhish Hayley Mills Comedy
Spells ‘Trouble’ For Most of Cast

hell-raisers (Miss Mills and June
Harding) through four years of
school at St. Francis Academy,
where they have a runnittg feud
with Reverend Mother Rosalind Rus-
sell. And although it never approach-
es the hilarity oftlle book, “Angels”
fares well enough, moving from one
incident to the next ill rather con-
ventional fashion.

No Plot

1 lnyself discovered no plot itl the
flint, but merely an ordered, If
pedantic, sequence of events that
pl‘oceed as follows: (1) Miss Mills
crinkles up her nose alld declares
to Miss Harding, “l’ve got a scath-
lngly brilliant ideal" (2) Tile idea,
or rather tnischief, is carried out.
(3) The two compatriots in crime
are nabbed by Miss Russell (who
by some fantastic coincidence al-
ways happens to be right there at
the scene of each "crime.") (4)
The two girls are appropriately
punished, and on oneoccaslcnneal‘ly
expelled.

 

cansgate,

 

i

h f I: x. .

,3
3.

 

 

 

 

better shops.
FAMOUS-STERNBERG, INC.

 

Any traditionalist recognizes the rightness oi’
Deansgate. Not only ill its inimitable shoulder, but
In every facet of its lines, fabrics, colors, and pat-
terns. Available lll sport jackets and suits at the

NEW ORLEANS. LOUISIANA

 

 

     
 

Fffllti'r .lelillllt'lfh‘ Flow. ().l"..ll.. is (he (Ilitn'rnnut of IlIt' I)c/mrfrnt'rll of
ling/[Nit (fl Sli'mf (.‘ul/t'gt'. /Ii' ri'i‘t‘l't'i'il Ills l.Il. Ifflil flu". rlt'grf'i's from
Sit-nu run] his l’lt.li. [rum Ilit' lr'ril'i-t'rsl'ly of London. Ills turllirlge: have
bi-i-n Illlbll.\‘lli‘ll in Rt'rulscuvi' urtil Ilu- litiqlri'sm' lt’i't'l'i'li'. Ilia Itlorhﬁ-“Tllt-
l’rillllt-in o/ Sl'l‘f'lill'f'lll’l (.‘t'riltrry Soft'rlo/ngy ill lt‘i'li-ri-ru'i' In till/Inn." is
It's/ml in f/tr' bibliography of Ilil~ ,llt'rriff llt/glri's i'tlifitm of illilffrlt.‘

 
 
 
 

by Amadeus Flore, 0.F.M.

  
 

(.‘rum' In it ii'l'lly Siltm'r: .-I Llfi- of lion/li- by It'll/turn! LcCarllfi-
(llﬂlh‘f’l (lllll (.‘ii. ,

There has been no biography of John Donne since Evelyn Hardy’s
Donne: A Spirit ill Conflict (1942). Mr. LeComte Ilas'ltndertaken to fill
the gap and has made a thorough anti sensible business of it. Here are
all the starting points that anyone will need wltose duty or interest leads
him to contetnplate the poet-dean of St. Paul’s. All the extant facts and
discriminate surmises are judiciously considered; and there is a skillful
and amusing mosaic of contemporary comments, personal and critical,
on Donne and his works. The author’s discussion is so close to the details
of the poet’s life, his poetry, and Ills Renaissance background that summary
is impossible, and only an outline of the material can be suggested here.

Chapter I takes llle reader through the poet’s ancestry, witha timely
mention of his gl‘eaI-graltduucle Sir Thomas More; the particular discom-
forts of a family confirmed In its allegiate to a persecuted faith; the
poet’s three years at Oxford and the subsequeltt“migration” to Cambridge
with the Oath of Supremacy problem (so often inentloned by 17th-century
inquirers, but seldom investigated with such honesty as here); the'poet’s
entrance to the Inns of Court for law; his patriotic participation on the
raid of Cadiz, and the Islands Voyage with Its consequent poetic output,
“Tile Storm” and “The Calm;" and, finally, a mature and objective
consideration of the poet’s early habits and excesses.

Chapter II, which begins with a discussion of Donne’s position as secre-
tary to Sir Thomas Egerton, has for its particular value and interest his
correspondence (and, if the reader wants more, the appendix has twenty-
tIlree additional letters). Next comes an Interesting discussion of the too-
often-neglected “The Progress of the Soul;" a sensitive treatment of the
elopelnetlt; an absolutely Iasclilatitlg (fully quoted) letter by the poet to
Anne More’s father Iliforming him of the elopement; some intervening
correspondence; and a record of the filial relentltlg of Sir George More.
The elopetnellt, of course, finished Donne ill diplomatic service, but it
began a fifteen-year union that gave birth to twelve children. The lovers,
however, did not outlive her father or his mother, who remained a papist
to the end.

Chapter III considers the struggle of the poet Ill his Isolation as re-
search assistant fol' Morton; tile conflict of conscience at James l's offer
of the Church or nothing; the poet’s friendship with the Herberts and the
Countess of Huntington; the trip to France; and the final bow to the In-
evitable, entrance Illto the Church at the age of forty-three. Tile chapter
ls especially notewortlty for the author’s treatment of the rare “Blan-
tbanatos,” of tile provooatlve “Pseudo-Martyrs, of the acidy "Ignatius his
Conclalve," and of the two "Anniversaries" that accompany this phase of
llis life.

Chapter IV begins with the problem of the motivation belilnd the poet's
conversion; deals with the early sermons to “businessmen and trades-
men” and late ones to “a sophisticated audience of lawyers and students;"
treats of Anne More’s death (at the age oftblriy-three) which left him a
widower with seven children out of twelve births; l'ecnpitulntes the eight

   
 
 

 
  

 

   

The crimes of this deVllish two-
some are indeed many. On one oc—
casion they substitute bath salts for
sugar lit the nuns’ sugarbowls, then
smoke up such a storm in the base-
meni of the school that they attract
half the local fire department. Later
they make a plaster face-mask for
one of the girls that has to be
wretiched ofl wiill plial's by tile
Irate Mother Superior.

Although I have no really strong
criticisms to make on tile picture, 1
must complain and even gnash my

teeth a bit when I see a lot of good
talent going to waste. Miss Russell
and Miss Mills are botll adept com-
edieltnes, and it Is a shame that
Blanche Ilallalls’ script allows titetll
so little roolll to ptlt their consid—
erable talents to work.

Russell Wants No Habits

Miss Russell ofl occasion looks
as If she's dying to shed her null’s
habit and collie otllike Aulille Mame.
She does look stern eliougll and
saintly enough and compassionate
enouglt, and maybe that Is all direc-
tor ida Luplno wanted from her.
But there Is so lllucll talent behind
that costume that Is being stifled.

Miss Mills does not (fire tnucll
better. “Look lnlst'ltlcvluus, liai—
ey," the director ttltlsl have said.

And so Hayley looks properly
misclllevious for all of one hour
and flfty-one minutes. Miss Mills
often has to resort to nose-crink-
Iiilg and face-contol'tllig, iwo de-
fense tllet-Ilanlslns that should have
gone out with "Pollyanna." As il
matter of fact, Miss Mills has not
done any real acting ill a good long
while. She got 11 good enough start
in British films and maybe Il Is
high time she went back to them.

'I‘Ile'otlly IJOI‘lUI‘I lcl' In this fIltll
that comes close to rising lll)fl\‘e
tile Ilnniilitles of the script is new-
comer June Ilal'illllg :15 Rachael
Devol'y, Ilayley's partner ill crime.
Miss Ilal'tlltlg comes off beautifully
in her llllll debut, stealing scenes
right and left from the two main
stnl's. She is lucky to have Illost
of the good gag lines llllll, unlike
Miss Mills, looks absolutely lin-
illl‘ill and llIlIll‘eCUClollS.

month trip to Germany; records the honorable appointment as Dean of St.
Paul’s; clioronicles the feverish activity of weekly sermons amidst ad-
vancing illness; relates the marriage of his daughter to all ex-octor, ller
selllur by a number years; and describes the consequent family tension,
which only contributed to his illness.

Chapter V concerns the death of James and the poet's sermon before

one of tile horrible outbreaks of plague ill the Stuart reign; the visit to
his daugltlel', at which time the poet’s cancer becottles critical; the dis-
position of his will and testament; the “Death’s Duel" sermon, which was
a "filling, Ilot a surprising, t:lilnax;” and, finally, tlle ghoulish painting of
himself Ill tile iIcntll shroud, Donne's last sermon.

Chapter VI offers a temperate treatment of the twentieth-century dis-
covery of Donne.

This is a substantial book: obviously life work of an intelligent, thorough,
and above-all all hottest ct'lilc.'l‘lle author apparently has his thumb on the
pulse of the undergraduate - to whom, I think, this book should be highly
recolniiielidcd. [ii an age when instructors delight in plaguing the under-
graduate with lollies of bibliography on Donne, or on any poet for that mai-
tel' - a carry-over from their graduate training, very likely - a special
welrolne seems due to a book lll wllichbiography, history and creative out-
put are quite brilliantly synthesized. Undergraduate Instructors, iakenctel

'I‘wo criticism of detail. The author’s treatment of the poet's conversion
from Catholicism, a touchy problem indeed, despite Its honesty, seems to
be an error not of fact but ofjurigtnelti. The author infers that Donne did
not want to become nlnartyrlike Ills relatives, that he "joined the majority
party. If he IIin been a citizen of Spain or Italy lie would undoubtedly have
remained a Roman Catholic." The grandfather of Charles Diodali, a Pro-
testant exile from Italy, did not remain a Roman Catholic; Richard Cra-
sltnw, the citizen of England who ctlded Ills days Ill ltuly, did not join the
majority party; and, granted that the times wore quite different, Donne’s
gt'eltt-gt'uniluncle Sir Thomas More, who was far more involved in diplo-
matic service and had agreuldenl tnoreto lose, chose to buck the majority
party. There is a bit more involved than "party" affiliation when great,
Win-'9 ‘1 5W“? “W W115 ii “DWI “1 serious-thinking tlicli of conviction couvot‘t from one religion to another,
“‘9 '“mk- and it just sootns that Donne’s brisk and invective spirit was more at home

Minnie Barnes, Cmnlllu Stim‘vund ill a new-found falili rather than in traditional English Catholicism.
Mill'y Wit-4‘05 “1'9 1‘” BHGCUVL‘. Elsewhere the author coitstrucs the lines “That sin by wllichlwon
though they lUUHl'GSUmGUIHOS Ellllly Others to sin" as a reference to Donne's erotic poetry. Why posit so
0‘ OVBI'I’lﬂl/Illli lllell' I'OIOS- Jllnlllﬂ- limited an interpretation? Wily not allow the poet the saute fears as
W“. l“ ‘1 Willi?" "’19 116 ll lﬁﬂl‘lwl‘ Augustine's (see Tile Confessions) or of ally serious convert for that mat-
li‘Ui” ii “Val 50'1001. “dds “lilo l0 tor? Great saints, who were once great sinners, have always been con-
“W “1'” “ml “15 0W” iililllli‘ﬁ- i “"1 cel'tlcd about their past lives as occasions by which others were well to sin.
Blill WUIHIOI‘IIII.’ why the director But those are mere blemishes illanoverallexcelleni study. The author's
use“ “ii” “l 011- research Is itloutttaltluus. Statistics like 5,000deaths from plague ill July of
Charles' reign, 10,000 ill August and 40,000 in September; observations,
,for example, about Donne's Catholic mother moving into the Deanery
(even In ccunieliism, Donne was ahead of Ills little), attd about the em-
barrassing situation of a “touch” for a loan by Ills daughter’s ell-actor
husband - these are only a few Instances of the author’s fidellty to detail,
his pains at research, LeComte lifts n lnellifluous flow of style, especially
when It is not laden with quotations (often undocumented). the art conceals
art. Tile nllnost-ullulatcllod clarity and ease with which he transforms the
turbid but fertile water of Donne's biography, of seventeenth-century
thought into a clear, well-charted stream will certainly elicit the admir-
ation of seventeenth century critics. Prospective readers will like this
book, but not the price.

Gypsy Ruins Scone
Most of the supportingplayers are
good, with the exception of Gypsy
Rose Lee n5 an Instructor of Intel'-
pl‘etive tlnilcltig. She completely

Before I close I would like Ioiack
on one more warning to the fIItn
guel'. As ltl so litany Hollywood pro.
ductlolls about nuns, there Is ll good
deal of mawkisll sentiment ill “The
Trouble With Angels," not all of ii
palatable. If you can stand it and
you are willing to overlook the
forced humor and stifled acting of
Miss Russell and Miss Mills, then
you should fIlld “Allgels” allnosl
worth the price of admission.

the flew monarch, Charles I, who liked it so much lie had It publishedt‘

    
    
 

"Mu:

 

 

 

u «»- ~M3pw

      
  
 
 

    

.. <.:usu..v~...,.,~....m . .

_. Maw—om“ -.pw.._...... 



  
  
  
   
    

    
 

  
  
   
 

 
  
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

