o the inany tn 1 H
mine District area _
ear? this' knowledgeable m

' .cian' in an informal atmosbho‘

' - Tour at Cdr'iode»  '
IMr. Hodgins’ choirs...have toured

The meeting is ode to thepubl
Mrs. A. Mosely Hopk ns of I
ville is in charge of the soot

“which will follow the ere-vile;

Drama“ Directing Cloris
To. Hold Auditions

Auditions for the final set of
 dramatic direction productions will
be held on Tuesday and Wednesday

‘ venings, April 26 and2’l, at 7:30
.m. in“llichard’son Studio Theatre
(Room 291). These three one-act

 plays will lie the last dramatic pro-i

 ductionsjof the school year.

.Tltroe One-Act Plays
Auditions are“ forfany of three
i one-act" plays to be presented. The
' plays are to be directed by. three
g'drama students, as 'a course re-
’ quirementr-for‘ the Dramatic Direc-

; tion class-(Speech 1l2).. ' ,
‘Maryv Temple is directing “Man-

is‘ directing "I’m Dreaming or Am
I?" by Luigi Pirandello, and Anne
Digney is directing, “The Bald So-
prano" by Eugene lonesco. There
are eight male and six female parts

available.

’ Aspects of Production

Students who are interested in
any aspects of dramatic production
are requested to attend auditions.
Assistance is neeced in such tech-
nical’;aspects as lighting, sound,
costume and make-up.

The plays are to be presented on
May 24 and 25 in Richardson Studio
Theatre. .. -

 

: w" by Welter .1. Valhdoyce Davis

  

0 meet. It whammo's blind dates, _
{anger J U _ ’_ 'peration Match—featured ln’-TIM,E,'LOOK,
n'giM 'GLA , OUR._Alrea‘dy there are over '1 00.000 ideal dates in
r" mory bank. N W's the time to line up your Spring'Fling.
‘ ’ ' f orid’s most perfect boy/girl ~trrptcl'te?) select
‘ _ u' campus area. (Now a gelatin real! ,choose V
' wants", nouust'Wait and frope he comes along l)’ "’ ‘

V 7 , .. we’ll send you the Operation Match Quan-
Project'ion Test Questionnaire. , '  ’
 x 1 honoabo'ut yourse i, what~you’re like. and what you like.‘-Return
con to With $3.00. Then we put our’:7090's memory bank to work. It
r ad out the qualiﬁcations of every member at the opposite sex in your college
area; and programs 5 or more ideal dates for you. You receive names, addresses.
“and phonenhmbersGuys call the gals. You're just a telephone apart. I 
your card is, kept continuously active. You receive as many dates, as the
7090 finds matches; The sooner you apply, the more dates you mayget...
‘ he, 7090 take thoblinds of! blind dating. Get modern. Get electronic. Get

it 'k'with your ideal dates”. -

x - 4 Z
Illumi-t-r-rlI-t-rlllo-I-I-III-III-r-r-IIi-iutllullr-l-IlII

dates So mail me my questionnaire. Ouickl ,. 

 7090 .. .i am 17.or over (end 27 or under) and i want to help stamp
it ‘ . ., f ,. 

urns-uhu-IQJ-uuunr-

:  ,1 I, ',i i"’ . i
‘71 Massachusetts Ave. Cambridge. !
I

l I rt

“memoirs”: or A ruvvmcnn" Marc Connolly. m’

gloating playwright and novelist, delivers lecture in Po. Hall
ri oy. , , ’ '

-9. ' .
3N 

A» full and vigorous theatre department such as that
at the State University at Albany cannot fail to produce
a full and vigorous season of plays. This it has done.
Neither can it fail to produce students eagerto try their
ohm hand at the theatrical experience, eager to put the
theory they are taught into practice. This, too, has it
done. . ‘ - .

The opening on Thursday night of “Gypsy.” directed
by John Fotia. marks the tenth annual student musical.
And it IS a student production, from start to finish,
from choice of play, through casting, down to the
smallest technical detail. The undertaking.‘ it :goes
without saying. is nothing short of monumental; “It
means time that might be far more profitably spent...
in studying or sleeping. It means missed suppers,
frantic; phone calls, and snatches of music that just
won’t quit for at least two months out of the year.

Patience and Talent ,

For a few, it means more than two months. The
director of this year’s revue has proven himself a
more than fit successor to the tradition established by
previous directors like Lee Lies and Bob Steinhauer.
Fotia began working on “Gypsy” in August 1965 and
has scarcely stopped since. His patience, enthusiasm,
and talent have, understandably, called up similar
qualities in those chosen to assist in the task — people
like Alex Krakower, Carol Rosenthal, Carla Pinelli.
and Joe Nicastri.

. , ‘ Not Always Easy

Certainly things Were not always easy. and not al-
ways so congenial toward the revue as is the case today.
- For several years a l‘stamp-out-the-revue" movement
was the order of the day with the music and drama de-
partments. The fact that this era appears to be at an
end is a tribute to the Showmanship and maturity of all
concerned. And certainly no one connected with the revue
can deny the debt owed to Mr. Robert Donnelly. tech
director of the State University Theatre, whose advice

has beeri invaluable.

Revue Stronger

When the many drawbacks are considered, it seems
amazing that anyone at all offers to work onthe revue.
But people do. In fact the'revue as an institution is
stronger and more vigorous than ever.1and has grown

V steadily since its “first tenuous beginningagilnfidw.
Possibly the people who keep the .rer ‘alive 'aro
latent masochists; but more'likely. they simply realize
., ow very. much there is to be gained — and even more.

' to be given - in such an endeavor,

' , Whatever the case. ten years of progress

“Gypey's” opening Thursday night: may Ewatpito‘héo
at least ten years more of the same - and a 

 

l-fllIl-l-i-OU‘UIIII‘-l'lIII!UIIICIIIUOUOIl-l-IIIIIIlIlltil'lll

i'ul run to Fotia and company. ‘

 

 

Vlth YQU- , .
as centred? Z 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COACHING "MAMA": John Fotio, director of "Gypsy,'
lng one of the rehearsals attire play. The State Universi

run tomorrow night in Page Hell.

William Mayer, senior Latin ma-
jor, has been given a four year fel-
lowship to Columbia University. It
will include the payment of tuition
and fees for four years as well as
$2,000 the first year, $2,200 the
second year and $2,400 for the last
two years.

Mayer will receive his B.A. in
Latin with a minor in Classics in
June. He intends to do his graduate
work in Latin and Greek. The first
year of graduate study will be spent
on the Master’s degree while the
next three are spent on a doetorate.

College teaching is Mayer’s ulti-
mate goal. He also has received a
New York State Regents College
Teaching Fellowship and an honor-
able mention for the Woodrow Wil-
son Fellowship.

Varied Activities
During his four years here Mayer
has participated in a variety of ac-

Williom Mayer

Voting Ends Today

Voting in the elections for Can.
tral Council and Living Affairs Corn-
Inission will and today.

Inauguration of the newly elected
officers will take place Sunday at
2:00 pan. in Brubacher Lower
Lounge.

- .. Mayer Win? 4,-er Fellowship»
HTo Study Latin~ Columbia

tivltles. He has been a member of
Dramatics Council for three years
and is currently president of the
organization. Last year he held the
office of Vlc'e president.

This year Meyer has held a part
in the “Wapshot Scandal" and is
now performing in "Gypsy." He
enjoys Drama but says he wouldn’t
want “to make a career of it be-
cause it would take the fun out."

As a member of the Commission
on Community Programming, Mayer
took an active part in the student
government. He thinks that this new
form oi government is working well
and feels it is a great improvement
over the former Senate.

Served on Committee
At the beginning of last semester,
Mayer was a member of Dean
Brown's Committee on Campus Wide
Activities which worked on coordi-

vor.,‘u, No. .39 ' if 3 -_—

 

Theatre ‘ Productions»

 Concl‘ude ThisWeekend-

' coaches Carol Rosenthal, Momo, dur-
ty Revue will conclude its three-night

hating freshman activities for the
ﬁrst two months. He was also head
of the House Committee for the
Honors Convocation this year.

Meyer has a cumulative average
of 3.7. He is a member of Signum
Laudis, Alpha Theta Mu, the Latin
honorary, and Kappa Phi Kappa, the
education honorary. He is president
of the latter two organizations.

Prize Winner

Mayer visited France and Ger-
many for two weeks last summer
as a result of his participating in
the “Price is Right" television show
in September of 1964. Since he won
a trip for two, he took his mother
along with him.

Concerning his winning of the
fellowship, Meyer said that he was
exceedingly happy and surprised.
Without this financial aid, he would
have been unable to do graduate
work.

Herbert Tonne Joins Faculty.
To Teach Business Education

Herbert A. Tonne, newly
elected president of the
National Business Educa-
tion Association, has ac-
cepted the position of pro-
fessor of business educa-
tion at the University in
September.

Dr. Tonne has been chairman of
the business education department
at New York University since 1029.
lie holds a Pb. 13. from the Univer-
sity of Chicago and an M.A. and
Ph.D. from NYU.

Over the years he has sponsored
'76 candidates for the doctorate in
business education, which is be-
lieved to be more than any other
single person.

Published Several Texts
Among his publications are sev-
eral texts which have become stand-

ard works in their field. His“Prin-
clples of Business Education” has
been the authoritative text in the
field.

In 1005 he was the senior author
in producing the third edition of
"Methods of Teaching Business Sub-
lects."

lie has also written over 800 ar-
ticles for a wide variety of period-
icals and publications.

in 1002 Dr. 'i‘onne received
Gregg Award in Business Education
which is presented each year to the
person considered to he the out-
standing business educator ln the
United States.

Leadership Roles

He holds leadership roles in eight
Organizations other than the NEEA
and is also pastpresident of the
Eastern Business Education Asso-
elation.

At the University, Dr. Tonne will
concentrate on developing graduate
programs in business education and

,on research.

"Gypsy" and“J.B.”wlll
conclude their respective
runs at the University this
weekend.

“Gypsy” opened last night in
Page Hall and will run through Sat-
urday, April 30‘. It is the tenth an-
nual State University Revue here at
Albany State.

The “musical table" contains
many well-known tunes by the team
of Lauents and Sondheim. Music lov-
ers and drama fans alike will re-
member So nd hei m ' s academy
award-winning lyrics in "West Side
Story."

Pinelli Hoods Cost

Heading the cast of “Gypsy” is
Miss Carla Pinelli as Louise who
goes on to become the famous Gyp-
sy Rose Lee. Many undoubtedly re-
member Miss Plnelll’speriormance
in "Stop the World I Want to Get
Off."

Carol Rosenthal plays the part of '

Louise’s domineering mother,
Mama Rose, who is constantly push-
ing June, Colleen Hanna, towards.
stardom. Joe Nicastri portrays
Herbie, the agent who loves Rose.

Others in the cast include Bill
Mayer as Uncle Jocko, Walt Dpherty
as Kringelein; Diane Somerville as
Agnes, and Judy Jawitz,JudyReilly,
and Adele Prezlosi as the three
strippers who give Louise her start.

Ambitious Attempt

Director John Fotia has stated that
the show should be one of the most
ambitions to be presented by the
revue. The crew is headed by Alex
Krakower, stage manager, who also
plays two roles

"LB."

Meanwhile "LB." continues its
run until tomorrow evening after
opening at the Trinity Methodist
Church on Tuesday, April 20. Carl
Cusato has the title role of J.B. in
Archibald MacLelsh’s religious
play.

Others in the cast include Flo-
rence Kaem as J.B.’s wife, Sarah;
Scott Reagan as Nickles, and Ed
Lange as Mr. Zuss. The latter two
represent Satan and God.

Mike Mastrangelo, .lefl‘ Cosman,
Eugene Farinacci, John Zimar, and v
Jeff Mlshkln also appear. MreLapge,
who appears as Mr. Zuss, is also
the play’s assistant director and
Linda Anderson is the stage mana-
ger.

Dr. Jarka Burlan, the director of
“J.B.," creates an atmosphere of
immediate excitement. You are
aware that something is going to
happen.

Music Department

Presents _|lecita|
inlay Ill Richardson

Music Department will present a
faculty recital Friday, April 29 at
1:30 p.m. in Richardson Hall 390,.
Will Hudson will play the clarinet.
He will be assisted by Margaret
Anderson Stokes, pianist, and
Charles Bowman, clarinetist.

The program will consist of a
Concertina for Clarinet by Carl
Maria von Weber, Duos for Two
lClarinets by WolfgangAmadeus Mo-
zart and Sonata No. 1 in F Minor
for Clarinet and Piano, Op. 120 by
Johannes Brahms.

Hudson was a student of Anthony
Gigltottl, first clarinetlst of the

Philadelphia Orchestra and faculty
member of the Curtis institute.
Hudson has performed with 'several
professional symphony orchestras,
and in 1958-59 be fulfilled his draft
obligation by touring Europe as
first clarinetist with the famed U.S.
Army Symphony Orchestra.

Qilercd Scholarship

While in Eunge, he was offered
a scholarship to the Yale School of
Music, from which he graduated in
1961, remaining for two years after
that as a member of the conducting
staff at Yale.

in 1963, he joined the faculty of
the University, as director of the
band and orchestra program.

Studied at Curtis lnstltute
Miss Stokes studied at Curtis
institute, also at the American Con-

servatory of Fountainebleau.

CASTING THEIR VOTE: Two students pick up ballots in the
Common: to vote in the elections tor Control Council and Liv-

ing Area Altair; Commission.

 

