 

 

' Albany sat... basketball”
"‘w‘l'ieltned the Pratt Institute five,

_ uni Colle
valley comm ty gar to Central Connecticut.

bMargison, who scored a game high of 18 points. and

after dropping their opene

" added 15 markers.

-...aw.- "VWW‘S‘ r-rn ~

ILIANY'S ALL-AMERICAN wrestler Warren Crow has his oppon-
ent,tn pinning position in the finals of the Albany Quadrangular

, heldylaat Saturday.

Albany Takes Tourney ;
. Gains 7 Championships

'by Dunc Nixon

l

The Albany State grapplers unveiled a power—packed
line-up Saturday .as they gained seven of eleven first
places on the way to a decisive victory in their sec-
and annual quadrangular tournament. The final score
‘was Albany 96, Williams 75, Hartwick 72, and Hunter
17. ‘ - 4-1 win in the final. Dick Szymaﬁki

Alba“? g“ repeat Pepi}?  .éi‘iﬂnitevii‘. ml;
v' formances from nttle Blu fourth in a row as he gained the 191
- Russell and captain Art gouniit its): lg; 31131:? :Jlllecrtélénta,
Recesso. as both success- “59 e _
, ful 1y defended their cham_ ﬁanilrliltlguxiy-shoulder injury in the pre

pionships. Russell copped

the 115-pound01ass by reg A good indication of the strength
“baring 9' 4'0 Win' and power of the Great Dane squad
Recesso won the 167 Pound dlr is the fact that they could easily
Vision with an eVen more lmpres- have won nine titles instead of
sive 10-0 victory. Recesso's 09- seven. In the 137 pound division
ponent was aved by the bell in both Mike Poplaski and Williams’ John
of the final periods. Coombe battled to an in regulation
After Mike Dillba 01 Williams time, and then when they were still
“10* “15 123 “'19. Wane“ Crow. deadlocked after an overtime per-
Who had Pinned in his Prallminal‘i’ iod 'Coombe was awarded the vic-
took the mat. Crow demonstrated tory by a 2-1 vote 01 the ofﬁcials.
great form as he completely dom- .
inated his man for an easy 12-1
win.
' win r was Rand ‘
1:311:33):  33.33.15. seemeh Cotrrgcltions on AMlA basketball
--to dominate his weight class as he 5c 8 u e: V .
won the preliminary 6-1, and then Tuesday, Dec. 5: 1488309 In B:
went on to score by a 4-0 count in 9:00 “Million “311 VS- The Team.
the final. Frank Berry was next and 10:00 Hobbits VB- 103- I
he made good on his. first start as Wednesday, Dec- 7: Leaghe 
an Albany wrestler by winning the 7:00 Commuters VS- LOWS. 8- .
160 class with a close 6-5 win in the K31 Baldies VS- Suds; M38119 I-
“M1, :2:ng Vs. Pierce; 10:00 KB vs.
Barr '5 victor was followed by -
Recessh's and Edger Gorgam made Thursday. Dec. 8: League I: 9:00
its three wins in a row when he Sal/5 VS- APA; [Julie “A! 10:00
captured the 177 title with a sure TXO Vs. UFS.

State Shows Strength and Power

Palmer and Barry Win

CENTER SCOTT PRlCE (44) eutiurnpe Pratt's center, Tony
Mill." (ll), to control the opening tip-oil for the Great Danes.

' Margison. a 6-lvsopho-
more from Cortland. N.Y..
spearheaded Albany’s first
half full-court press, re-
peatedly causing Pratt to
throw the ball away. The
Sauersmen led at the half,
36-26.

. Following Marglson and O’Donnell
in the scoring columns were junior
Larry Marcus with 15 points, Al-
bany senior Mike Bloom with 14,
captain Jim Constantino added 13,
Scott Price, the transfer from But-
ler, 6, and Tim Jursak hit on two
foul shots to round out the scoring.

High scorer for Pratt was back-
court ace, JohnRodriguez who drop-
ped in 14 points. Jim Reese added

12 and Tom Brennan, 11 to the
laser’s cause who shot 36.2 percent
from the floor. They are now 0-2 on
the year. The Dane cagers hit on 30
of 56 field goal attempts for a very
respectable 53.6 percent.

Morgison Hot in First Halt

Marglson hit on eight on his nine
field goal attempts in the first half,
with the Purple and Golds getting
strong efforts from Margison,
O'Donnell, Bloom, and Marcus in
the second half. Albany had its big-
gest lead of the game with four min-
utes to go in the game, when itopened
a 23-point margin, 76-53.

The preliminary saw the Dane
yearlings, under new coach Michael
O'Brien, drop their second straight
game, this time at the hands of Mo-
hawk Valley Community College by
the score of 97—79. Jack Adams

team

court. The Gre

Albany Down to Central Conn.
The Albany five opened their 1968-

67 season with an 80-73 loss to
powerful Central Connecticut State
on December 1 at New Britain,
Conn.

The taller Connecticut team con-
trolled the offensive ba'ckboards to
open up a 42-34 half-time lead. The
Danes came back in the second half
to tie the score and went ahead,

CAGER MIKE BLOOM (14) attempts a 20 foot lump shot in the

won their first game of the season as they over-v
84-67.on Saturday. Dece ‘
at Danes. bringing their record to 1-1-
80-73, were led by, guard Rich .
reserve Marty O’Donnell. who

with 28, and Ed Cole with 24 points 73.72, with 3:50 left to play in the _
paced the fresh. '

mber3 at the Hudson

ante. Central [then ran off eight
straight points to put 'the victory
away. .

2‘ for Margllon and Price
Leading the Danes in their losing
effort was soph Rich Margison who
turned in a fine defensive show,
drawing many fouls and doing a fine
job of ball handling, while scoring
21 points. Scott Price also played
a fine gme at center, scoring 21

5.

opening moments of the Albany-Pratt game last Saturday night

at thelludson Valley gym.

 

Store Hours:

 

The Bookoteria (Textbook area) will dose"
on Thursday, Dec. 22, 1966

and will ro-open on January 30
for the SPRING SEMESTER TEXT BOOK SALES.

The rest of the bookstore
(supplies novelties & nonfextbooks)

will remain open to serve your needs.

Mon-Fri 9 AM. — 4:30 PM. E
Sat. an. - noun.

W8 74770756637478 qoansasrnsss

*Any emergency shipment of fall textbooks will be made available.

State University Bookstore

 

 

 

Culver-“y

' no we NEED};
BARS? :

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEW YORK

Holiday Sing To Be
Broadcast (in T.V.,
lllllllllll Space In Page

Plans are being made by Marsha
Schonblom and Sy Zachar, co-chalr-
men of the annual Christmas Sing, to
broadcast this year’s Sing over
closed circuit television in Hawley
Library.

This year's Sing will be held at
7:00 p.m. on December 13, and will
be followed by a cocoa hour held in
the Dutch Quad Dining Room.

Such a broadcast would allow 500
people to view the live concert who
would not ordinarily be able todo so
because of the crowded conditions
of Page Hall.

Although the concert is open to
all, by the time all the members of
the various performing groups are
seated there is little room left for
many spectators.

The idea is to allow as many stu-
dents as possible into Page, on a
first-come, first-served basis, and
then begin seating students in Haw-
ley. '

Better View

Technically speaking the students
seated in Hawley should be afforded
a better View than,those in Page.

The broadcasting will be done
under the direction of Dr. Charles
Rice, of the University’s television
department.

Special lighting arrangements are
being handled under the supervision
of Diane Somervllle and Alex Kra-
kower; set design is proceeding un-
der the directorship of Betsy Mi-
ckel.

Others Considered

in deciding to televise the Sing
various other auditoriums were con-
sidered, among these the Philip Liv-
ingston Junior High School and the
New Scotland Avenue Armory.

However the school was already
booked, and the acoustics of the
Armory proved too poor, besides
the fact that Hawley was the most
accessible.

VOL. LII, no. 43"
State Department

Team To Examine
University Courses

President Evan R. Collins an-
nounced at the President's Confer-
ence Monday that a team of experts
in different fields from the State
Education Department will be on
campus Monday through Thursday
next week.

The purpose of this visit is to
examine all educational programs
registered with the Board of Re-
gents. In the past, during the first
year in which a program was of-
fered, the courses were examined
and then registered without any time
limit.

The State Education Department
is now re-examlnlng the old pro-
grams as well as the new in a sys-
tematic and comprehensive exam-
ination.

Another topic discussed at the
conference concerned the R. A. eval-
uation form that was discussed by
the Psych Club Dec. 1. The Pres-

RICHARD KATZ accepts the first prize in the Speech One contest and Gerald Goes is congratulated for idem commented that he had cue‘d

taking second place.

Communications,Speech ContestTopic

Richard Katz Takes First Prize

their Parems Slit and that if the which would become vulnerable to
parents do not smoke. their chil- attack, should be withheld ﬁom the

Should the advertisement of cig-
arets be prohibited? Robert Katz, a
freshman from Albany, won first
prize in the Speech One Extempor-
aneous Speaking Contest on this sub-
ject.

The general topic was communi-
cations, a topic to which, Katz be-
lieves, many ideas apply. He took
the negative View, believing that
this prohibition is an unnecessary
form of censorship.

in opposition to the argument that
the advertisement inﬂuences chil-
dren, Katz stated that they learn
more basically from the examples

Gamma Kappa To Sponsor
Second Religious Lecture

A summary of the beliefs, ritual,
and present rends of the Catholic
religion will be the subject of the
second of a series of discussions
on religion sponsored by the sis-
ters of Gamma Kappa Phi sorority.
Father Paul Smith, Catholic priest
at the university, will speak on the
topic in Herkimer Hall's lower
lounge at 8:15 p.m. on Monday,
December 12.

The programs, offered as non-
denominatinnal and educational scr-
ies, are open to the general public.
Each will be followed by a question
and answer period.

Habbl Miller of synagogue in the
community was guest speaker at
the first lecture, which concerned
Judaism and its principles. The

third in the series will feature
Reverend Frank Snow of the uni-

varsity who will discuss the his-
tory of the Protestant religion.

An extension of the program has
been planned for the second semes-
ter, providing the present lectures
meet with adequate student support.

These later discussions wrllempha-

size less familiar religions of other
parts of the world.

Gamma Kappa Phi. Under the direc-
tion of chairman Aileen Schlef, the

The lectures are a part of anum-
ber of cultural events planned by

program seeks to relate the soror-
ity to the University and student

body in general to events outside
the University campus.

dren will not.

public. Confidential information

Another point brought up Was must also remain undivulged.

who is to decide what commercials

are good and bad influences. True,

"Withholding information would
be justified if it were “to preserve

also. 15 the la“ mentioned by Katz national Security."This maybedone

that the product would not continue
to be sold if we did not buy it.

by limiting certain strategic infor-
mation which may be harmful or

Katz was not nervous and leaned detrimental,"

on his notes for comfort only. Sur-

Jery Mikowicz, a sophomore

prise and happiness were his emo- from Orlean, won the third prize.
tlons when he was announced as the He is majoring in Spanish and is

winner.

enrolled in the teacher education

Gerald Gaes, a native of Albany, program.

won second prize in the contest.
lie is a freshman majoring in bio-
logy. He plans to be a doctor though
he is interested in debating. His
topic was “To what extent should
vital information be divulged to the
mass media, i.e. newspapers?"
Gaes believes that some people

The three runners up were Robert
Fulmer speaking on the field of
communications, Susan Handler, in
the field of integration, and Marsha
Ruhlen on draft deferment.

The judges included Dean 0. W.
Perlmutter, Dr. Richard Kendall,
Dr. Alfred Finklestein, Lawrence

should know vital information and Rosenfeld and Martin Mann.
from these people the intelligence r

should not be withheld. There are,
however, certain types of informa-
tion which must be withheld from
the general public.

This includes technological in-
formation (an anti-missile mis-
sile) intelligence (attack on Cuba)
and diplomatic information (treat-
ies). All of these come under the
heading of Top Secret. Secret in-
formation such as missile sights

Painting Donated By Alumna,
Received By Art Committee

A painting by Woodstock artist
Bruce Currie has been donated to
Albany State University by analum-
na, Mrs. Daniel W. Rowe of Mad—
ley, N.Y. it marks the first gift

received on behalf of the university
by the art coordinating committee
for the new campus.

Mrs. Rowe is the former Betty
Knowlton of the class of 1042. The
gift was accepted by Mrs. Lois
Gregg, chairman of the university's
art coordinating committee. Cur-
rie's paintings have won awards
from the National Academy of De-
sign, the Audubon Artists, and other
groups.

The committee was formed to fill
a need for art work on thenew cam-

pus. Members of the committee
were appointed from the student
body, teaching faculty, administra-
tive faculty, and the Alumni Asso-
ciation. The group includes: Peter:

Benedict, Violet Larney,John Over—

'beck, Edward P. Cowley, Clifton C.

Thorno, Walter M. Tisdale, John
Spross, Elizabeth Mickel, Heln
Relihan, Nancy Liddle, and Sue Rose.

Last year the committee met to
make plans for financing and build-

ing a collection. The results of the

committee's work can be seen in

the U-shaped lounges of the Dutch
and Colonial quads and in the art
posters in the student lounges. Pro-g
sently the committee is looking for
financial support for its work.

 

this particular form as an example
of iform left over from former
tim 5.

Collins stated that at that time
he had noted the form should pro;
bably have been discontinued and'
could be done away with very easily.
He was amazed that thePsych Club'
had even bothered to concern itself
with. the matter.

Eye To Examine
US Policy Problems

The Golden Eye will present a
program on Political and Moral
Problems in Foreign Policy featur-
ing Dr. Thomas Bradley at Swath-
more College, Friday at 9:00 p.m.

Dr. Bradley is a member of the
executive board of Inter University
Committee for debate on foreign
policy.

After Dr. Bradley speaks he will
be questioned by two faculty mem-
bers and two students. One faculty
member will be Dr. Arthur Ekirch
of the history department, who has
recently published a book on Amer-
ican policy.

Dr. DeWitt Elllnwood, whose ma-
jaor field is Southeast Asia, is the
second faculty member.

—I———

MRS. DANIEL ROWE, an alumna, donated this alnting by Bruce
Currie to the University. More Mr. Charles Bow er, head at alan-
nl affairs,- Mre. Lois Gregg, associate dean of students, and Mia.

Rowe loeli at the painting.

, ‘h—v‘ve-ewnwm: ,

 

 

