 
    

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 

    

   
     
  
  
       
   
      

        

g


 

 

 

 

 

‘ by Douglas Rnthgeb

On‘ev'day in the not too distant
past, American Director George
Havens must have sat himself down
and decided that it was high time.
eomebody made a truly reverent and
moving film about the life of Christ.

Others had tried, but for one rea-

son or another their efforts had
fallen far short of the mark: the
1961 version of "King of Kings"
is a particularly notorious ex-
ample.
But now that was all going to be
changed. Now at long last a truly
memorable depiction of His life
would grace the screen.

Not Clnevama

Possibly if Mr. Stevens had taken
the time to investigate the causes
that had ruined all the previous
Hollywood efforts, his pretentiously
titled “The Greatest Story Ever
Told" would have emerged the mas-
terpiece he had hoped it to be.

He should have learned that a
reverent and moving film neither
has to be filmed in glorious Tech-
nicolor and Super Panavision '70,
nor filled with big-name Hollywood
actors and multi-million dollar sets.
Thank Heaven he at least refrained
from filming it in Clnerama.

Standard Mold .
Although “The Greatest Story
Ever Told” fits nearlypcrfectlyinto

  to 
' H1Resﬂltsjn G

 

the standard Hollyivood mold, it is ply. and those ever-present legions
at least a few notches higher than of cruel Roman soldiers.

the abysmal “King of Kings." First
off, Mr. Stevens has made, a superb
choice in casting the fine Swedish

Hollywood Goes Biblical
The ‘film also abounds with leg-

actor, Max Von Syndow, as Christ. ions of Hollywood "name stars".in
Also, instead: of having some superficial cameo roles inserted
heady-eyed scriptwriter "jazz up" purely for their marquee value. Sid-

all the dialogue, Mr. Stevens has
had the characters in many places
speak the actual words as recorded
in the Gospels and the New Testa-
ment.

Many individual scenes, such as
Christ's driving the money-
changers from the Temple and Ju-
das’ betrayal of Cllrist’s where-
abouts are beautifully acted and
deeply affecting. Stevens' depiction
of the Devil in the Temptation scene
is also imaginative and quite effec-

tive. eLight In Darkness

But these are just adim light in
a profound darkness. For every
scene that has power and beauty a
score are ruined. Some of them,
such as that in which an old man
(Ed Wynn) says to Christ, “i used
to know you when you were a little
teller," are downright laughable.

The “Raising of Lazarus” se-
quence Is profoundly distorted and
self-consciously dramatic, and only
the sensitive acting of Von Syndow
saves it from becoming ludicrous.

And as is usual with Hollywood
productions of this calibre, the film
has its share of trumpet blasts,
banal dialogue, paper-mache pano-

Alhany Institute Features
Trio 0f One-Mon Shows

Harold McIntosh will have a one—man show in Feb-

ruary. and George Wexler

in March. April will bring

the Lathrop sisters, formerly of Albany, who have
consented to a show of their sculpture and prints.

Mr. McIntosh derived inspiration for his paintings
from his immediate environment, the rolling farm
acres which surround his place in Connecticut, and two
nearby Audubon wildlife centers. His work has a poetic

aspect and is realisticllis

previous painting in an ex-

pressionistic manner won awards in New England an-

nuals, including two “best
Festival of Arts.
A 1965 spring showing

in show” at the New Haven

of Mr. McIntosh’s nature

paintings featuring birds was held at the Sharon(Conn.)
Audubon Center. Scottish born, Mr. McIntosh was ed-
ucated in Canada and studied art at Winnipeg under
Fitzgerald. During World War II he served with the
Canadian Armed Forces and in 1946 came to the Uni-
ted States. He painted covers for the “Saturday Re-
view” and did other magazine illustration.

Hudson River Valley
George Wexler will show oil paintings and drawings

of the Hudson River Valley,

especially the mid—Hudson

and Walkill valleys in the Ulster county area: Mr.
Wexler won first prize in oil in the 1963 Regional by
Artists of the Upper Hudson, and the W. L. Coughtry
Memorial Prize in the some show in 1964 and 1965.

In 1966 he won a State University research fellow-
ship. He has won awards in the mid-west, and since
leaving Cooper Union School of Art has shown his
work continuously. He is represented in the collec-
tions of Walter P. Chrysler, Jr.. New York Univer-
sity, Michigan State University and New York Uni—
versity, among others. He is on the faculty of the
State University of New York at New Paltz.

Round Gallery Exhibit

The Misses Gertrude and Dorothy Lathrop have been
exhibiting at the Institute for some years. In 1937

they exhibited their work with that of their mother.

Ida Pulls Lathrop. In April of 1966 the sisters will

have a show in the Round Gallery,

Dorothy P. Lathrop will show drawings and wood
engravings of animals. some of which are book illus-
trations. She studied at Columbia, Pennsylvania Acad-
emy. Art Students League. She has illustrated over
30 books for children and since 1942 has written and

illustrated many more.

She is an Associate of the National Academy of De—
sign. member of the Society of American Graphic
Artists and several watercolor societies as well as
the Print Club of Albany.' She has won a number of
prizes. one of the latest being from the American

Artists’ Professional league. in 1961.

 

  

ney Poitier, for instance, comes on
for about three minutes to help Von
Syndow carry the.crosa. Then there
is Sal Mineo as a crippled youth,
Caroll Baker as (you guessed it)
Mary Magdalene, John Wayne as a
Roman centurion and Pat Boone as
an angel. In the name of good taste
I shall. refrain from listing any
more of them.

Of all the people who labor in this
film, I can sympathize with only a
few. Jose Ferrar is surprisingly
good as Herod and David McCallum
does well as Judas.

Triumphant Chart

And, of course, there is Max Von
Syndow, the brilliant star of so many
flne'lngmar Bergman films. In spite
of Mr. Stevens and the script and
the trumpets and the Super Pana-
Vision '70, Von Syndow’s Christ is
a triumph. Unlike Jeffrey Hunter,
who sleep-walked through “King of
Kings," Von Syndowpresents Christ
not just as a saintly-looking figure,
but also as a sensitive man of rea-
son. He does not try to look self-
conscIousiy holy, a pose the film’s
director must have at least once
tried to force on him.

The fact that this film has failed
reflects not only back upon itself,
but also _on the film center that
spawned it. The aim of Hollywood
has always been, and remains, that
of making money, not art. And until
that glorious day when Hollywood
experiences its own Resurrection,
directors such as Mr. Stevens should
refrain from conceiving any more
films,about the life of Christ.

VISlIA listing

Of This Week’s
Top Ten Songs

The following is the WSUA Top
Ten list for the week ending Satur-
day, March 5. These magic sounds
may be heard by tuning in Jack
Pierce on Mondays and Wednesdays
from 9:80-11:00 p.m. A star indi-
cates a former Sound Sensation.

1. ‘Working My Way Back to You
(Four Seasons)

2. Lightnin’ Strikes (Lou Christie)

3. Listen People (Herman's Her-
mits

4. Batman Theme (Marketts)

5. California Dreamin' (Mama's
and Papa's)

6. These Boots Are Made For
Walking (Nancy Sinatra)

7. I Fought the Law (Bobby Fuller
Four)

S. Uptlght (Stevie Wonder)

9. Elusive Butterfly (Bob Lind)

10. 'You Baby (Turtles)

Sound Sensation of the Week: Big
Time (Lou Christie)

Golden Great of the Week: You’ve
Lost Th‘at Lovin' Feelin’ (Righteous
Brothers).

Triad [lance cumuany
Applauded For Skills

by Karen Clark

On Friday, February iii, at 8:30
p.m., the Triad Dance Companyper-
formed four choreographies for the
audience in Page Hall.

Perlormera

The performers included Janet
Avron, Kazuko Hirabayaski, Lynn
Kathera, Dick Jain, and Dick Kuck.

The choreographles included
"Duet for a Tomorrow," which dis-
played relationships between people,
“The Romantic Fallacy," express-
ing the "fantasy of innocents,”
“Vignette for a Queen" intepretlng
the “reminiscence of a woman" and
“In a Dark Grove," an outstanding
production of the Rashomon 'l‘ala
as seen through the woman’s eye.

Perfect Coordination
Triad is to be applauded for their
display of perfect coordination, and
for their choice of costume, color,
and music that enhanced their pro-
duction.

   _,
'ea‘BStStbr‘y Badly Told

 

 

     
    
   
          
   
   
     
  

  
 
  
 

   
 
   
 

 

       
      
     
   
 

  
 

 
 
      
        
   
   
 

   
     
    
   

  
    
  
     

 

par

WATCH I

artifacts...

March 2—27

      
  

  

Kay Soge Tonguy Memorial Show, Albany Insti-
tute; opening March 2, 8:00—10:00 p.m.

George Wexler One—Man Show of paintings. AI-
bony Institute. Reception lor artist, 4:00—6:00
p.m.

March 6—April 3

Two-Mon Show. Ann Bruno-paintings (oil); Rob-
ert Pearson-paintings (mixed media). Mechanics
Exchange Savings Bank.

Through March

Marchl Troy, Friends of Chamber Music present Paul
Dokior. violist, ond Yoltoh Menuhin, pianist.
Emma Willard Assembly Hall.

March I Film First The History of the Motion Picture.

Hormonus Bleacher Library. 8:00 p.m.
March 2-5, 9-12 Slop Ihc llnl-In'. I [hunt to Cc!  Stote Uni-
versity at Albany Studio Theatre. Richardson
Hall. 8:30 p.m.
Children's Exhibition.

March 6—27 Schenectady County

Schenectady Mu scum.

Updike “Writes IIovel:
ReoderCreotesMeoning

by Dr. Townsend Rich

JON! Updike's new novel, “0/1,”! Form,” (Knopf, $3.95), is a curious
performance. It is as though one could find there whatever he brings
with him. The symbolist will think that he is in the Happy Hunting
Grounds. The philosopher can nod knowingly and talk of Existentialism.
The Freudian can find variations on his favorite themes. Even the
mythologist can. dig out a few shards to puzzle over. And perhaps the
pornographer will find a few familiar features in the landscape but not
enough to make him feel at home. The book is something like a Basket
Picnic; the reader can feast on whatever goodies he himself has pro-
vided. The reader, though, who is just looking for “a good absorbing
story" will go away hungry. But he, l imagine, has given up reading
in recent years or has settled back contentedly with Dickens.

What appealed to me most is the mood, the atmosphere, of the first
half of the book, Any adult who has returned from a distance to visit
his boyhood home will recognize the narrator's sensations. With sensi-
tivity and poetic insight John Updike evokes the feeling of timelessness,
or rather the feeling that the past co-exists with the present in these
familiar rooms where both impinge upon the consciousness simultan-
eously. Beside the ailing, aged parent survives the vibrant, vital parent
of twenty-five years ago, the focus of the childhood years. The ghosts
of parents and grandparents still frequent their accustomed settings,
and the voices of the past still reverberate against these time-stained
walls. Every object in each room has its particular association, evoca-
tive of memory. Both past and present becomes more poignant from
this juxtaposed co-exlstonce. Perhaps, when I approached the book,
I carried in my picnic hamper a nostalgia for the last years.

he story, and i use the term loosely, concerns Joey Robinson, a
successful Madison Avenue advertising type, who brings his second
wife and step-son to the farm where he grew up that they may get tc
know his mother and that he may give the annual ploughing to the un-
tllled fields. The elder Mrs. Robinson, like the Mrs, Moral of D. H.
Lawrence's "Sons and Lovers," had not found satisfaction from her
husband and had turned to her son for fulfillment. Mother and daughter-
in-law fight for possession of Joey, who hardly seems worth the struggle,
and also of the step-son, the one appealing character in the book. And
always in the background of everyone's mind is Joey's first wife, now
separated by divorce, and his children lost thereby.

Joey narrates the story, and so we see all the characters and all the
incidents, past and present, through his eyes. He is a very confused
(not so very young) young man. And since the narrator cannot make up
his mind about anything, the reader hastroublo making up his. Has Joey
made a mistake in changing wives? Is the second wife worth the sacri-
fice of his children? Is the mother trying to wreck this marriage as,-
apparently, she wrecked the first? What is the significance of Joey's
inadequate loyalty to his wife, when the chips are down? As llmplled
at first, one can make of this novel almost anything he chooses.

Updike is a masterly stylist, and passage after passage of this book
is sheer delight. In fact, it is so good that it is irritating and frustrating
that it is not better, that it piques the reader but never satisfies him.
With "On the Farm" John Updike remains one of our most promisins
novelists; the only trouble is that he has been Promisan for so Iona
that it is high time he came through.

 

A Free
University

   
  

 
   

 
 

 

 

 
 

who vlLl. DECIDE?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BKCH ARIA GROUP: Renowned ensemble to perform some of
Bachls famous works in Page Hall Saturday, March l2. They
are sponsored by Music Council.

Celebrated

Ensemble

To Perform Bach Arias

Music Council will present the
world famous Bach Aria Group di-
rected by William H. Schelde, on
Saturday, March 12, at 8:15 p.m. in
Page. Admission will be with Stu-
dent Tax or $3.00.

The only performing organization
of its kind, posessing an unusual
feature ill that it places instru-
mental and vocal soloists on equal
footing, the Bach Aria Group con-
sists of famed singers Norman Far-
row, bass-baritone; Maureen For-
rester, contralto; Richard Lewis,
tenor and Lois Marshall, soprano.

The Bach Aria Group, William H.
Schelde, Director, is a unique or-
ganization which has achieved its
reputation through concerts, re-
cordings, radio and television
broadcasts, and films.

Mr. Scheide formed the BachArIz
Group in 1946 to present the solc
vocal-instrumental music of Johann
Sebastian Bach.

Only Orgonlzatlon In U.5.

It Is the only organization of its
kind in the United States. Up to
that time, no professional group
existed which could devote its time
and energy to the demands of tilts
great repertory, which comprises
Bach's major creative work. _

Mr. Scheide had discovered, in
working through the full edition of

Band Concert Today

The University Band Concert will
be held today at 1:30 p.m. in Page
Hall. The program will include the
first performance of “Oh Free-
doml”, by Joe Chadade, composer
and new member of the music do-
partment.

“0h Freedom l" is a piece writ-
ten especially for the Univorsity
Band. The composition was motl-
vated by the desire of Chadade to
make some statement with regard
to his involvement in civil rights
movement.

Bach’s works, that in the 200 can-
tatas which include some of the
most sublime music of all time,
were an infinite variety of arias
and duets for voices and Instru-
ments.

Revival Fulfill Gap

Mr. Scheide felt that the revival
of so great a portion of Bach's
compositions would fill a gap for
botll vocal and Instrumental ar-
tists which had existed because of
the static pattern of music en-
sembles for the past 150 years.

The fact that most musical en-
sembles are either wholly instru-
mental, like the orchestra or the
string quartet, or wholly vocal like
the acapella chorous, has been a
principal reason for the neglect of
this music.

MARCH 4, I966

VOL. LII, NO. 7

Supreme Court HearsArguments

The Supreme Court

heard the arguments of both
sides in the case concern-
ing the constitutionality of
the 1966 Election Bill at

day ni .

As the hearing lasted untilalmost
10 p.m., the Court could come to no
decision that night.

Arguments were presented on be-
half of the petitioner, Frank PenskI,
by Robert Fairbanks. Central Coun-
cil President Richard Thompson
spoke in defense of the bill.

Penski's referral advocated that
the 1906 Election Bill be declared
invalid by the Court because it via-
lated parts of the Student Associa-
tion Constitution.

Denies Legal Rid":

In his opelling arguments, Fair-
banks charged that the provisions of
the Election Bill denied to students
their legal rights to run for office
under the constitution.

He cited specifically the criteria
used by the screening committee to
eliminate candidates from the ballot
for MYSKANIA.

Fairbanks made it clear that the
petitioner did not questionthe power
of Central Council in establishing a
screening committee. However,
Fairbanks argued that the committee
had no right to scgeen candidateson
any but technical grounds, that is,
making sure that each candidate was
a second semester Junior, as spe-
cified by the constitution.

Prohibit; Vote

A second major objection was to
the provision: in the Bill which pro-
hibits transfer students fronl voting
unless they have been at SUNYA for
at least one semester.

Nowhere in the constitution is
there any restriction on the vote of
any member of Student Association,
argued Fairbanks. If the Council is
allowed to place this restriction,
there would be no limit to the re-
strictions it could place on students’
votes.

Thompson answered Falrbank's
arguments by citing the constitu-
tions of boill the past and present
Student Associations and New York
State. in all of these instances, said
Thompson, the constitutional stipu-
lations in regard to nominations and
elections are very general.

Tile legislatlve body in power is
then expected to set up the specific
criteria to insure proper and just

Chem. Department to Conduct
Research Program This Summer

The chemistry depart—
ment of the University will
conduct an undergraduate
research program during
the summer of 1966 .

The project will be financed by
the National Science Foundation.
Each undergraduate participant will
be eligible to receive up to $000 for
a minimum of ten weeks during
which time helwill conduct individual
research under the supervision of a
faculty member.

There will be a wide range of
possible research projects that par.
ticipants may work in, including such
topics as "Synthesis Analogs of Fu-
marln," "Correlation Measure-
ments oflnfrared intensities," "Re-
action of Sodium Silanolates with
chloroform," etc.

Eligibility to participate will de-

pend upon course grades, interest
in chemistry and future goals. Un-
der application (mndidates will be
asked to write a brief paragraph
describing their future educational
and academic goals. Participants in
this research program do not have
to be students at the University.

Interested Students

Students interested inapplying for
this program should contact Dr.
John Aronsou, chemistry depart-
ment at the University. There is no
deadline for applications, but avail-
able positions will be filled as qual-
ified candidates apply.

This program is an outgrowth of
a similar project started several
years ago by a former faculty mam-,-
ber, Dr, Richard Smith, new chair-
man of the chemistry at State Uni-
versity CaucasuGeneseo.

Constitionulity of

an open hearing Wednes- -

elections.
Write-In Ballot

He continued that no one Is denied
the right to be elected, since write-
in ballots are in no way prohibited
by the Election Bill.

In regard to the screening com-
mittee, Thompson pointed to the
fact that screening committees are
a traditional part of most elections
on campus, and that they are spe-
cifically provided for in the case
of Supreme Court candidates.

This indicates that the student
body supports the concept of a
screening committee, argued
Thompson.

Thompson also answered the ob-

Election Bill

jectfon to the restriction on thevote
of transfer students by pointing out
that the whole rational behind having
elections in the second semester is
that students must be in school at
least a semester before they are
qualified to vote intelligently for
candidates.

At the close of the summations
of the petitioner and defense, the
Court received formal briefs pre-
sented by friends of the Court.
Briefs were submitted by Henry
Madej, a member of Central Coun-
cil; Art Johnston, former S. A.
President; and Michael Purdy, Helen
Stoll, Carol Kuffman, and Julie Le-
mslre, all unsuccessful MYSKANIA
candidates.

 

CASE HEARING: The Supreme
presented for and ogoinst‘the M
of the hearing Wednesday.

Alpha Pi Alpha

Court listens to the evidence
YSKANIA screening committee

Blood Illive

Part of Nationwide 'campaign

The bloodbank sponsored by Al-
pha PI Alpha is part of a nation
wide drive In which Americans have
already donated more than 38,000
pints of blood. The majority of the
donations have come from 145 col-
leges and universities.

Tile Red Cross is handling the
special blood collection at the re—
rluest of the Department of Defense.
Donations are made through ARC's
56 regional blood centers with local
arrangements made between orglr -
:zed groups and the Red Cross chap-
or.

apply ror appointments to donate
blood next week.
Goal of 250 Plnta

The fraternity hopes to reach
their quota of 250 pints. If this is
not reached, the program will ap-
peal to members of other colleges
in the area for volunteer donors.

Thus far, only 150 students and.
12 faculty members are scheduled
to donate blood.

If anybody is interested they.
should contact Mormile through stu-
dent mail.

Blood given [0 ARC {or “us pro_  

ject is being processed for the De-

fense Department into blood fac- I H  h I
tions: gamlna globulin, used to figllt o  ' 

hepatitis and serum albumin, used
in treatment of shock.

The Golden Eye will sponsor a

panel discussion on Paul Tillfch,

Aid from Area
The Albany Area Chapter is re-
ceiving aid from surrounding area
chapters of the Red Cross. A total
of 00 volunteers are participating
in the bloodbank's operations.

John Mormile, vice president of
Alpha Pl Alpha, who is in charge
of the blood drive has announced
that there is still a few days left
for members of the University to

foremost Protestant theologian, to-

night at 9:00 p.m. Reverend Frank
Snow will be the moderator of the
panel which includes Mr. William
Grimes, Mr. Robert Garvin and
Father Eugene Cavanagh.

The panel will discuss suchquas-
thns as Tilllch's doctrine of God,
the human situation and Tllllch'l
attitude towards religion and cul-
ture. There will be a discussion
period following the presentation
by the penal.

   

 

 

