  
   
  
   

int-"w '

., _,_-M---- -. .1. .m. x v.1- . . .zrbzr .QW‘U‘

m

 

 

""'-Ps. .

 

  
  

’; l"
/ r

l HE DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH TO COVER THE TAX

~lieerl for Contemporary Music

A group of enterprising students has responded to
the demand for contemporary music on campus by or-
ganizing a Council for Contemporary Music. The lines
which students formed in order to obtain tickets for the
Christy Minstrels illustrate a monumental appetite for
this type of music which could be satiated by this new
council. ‘

Music Council may provide. an invaluable service
in sponsoring classical concerts, but a variety of musi-
cal tastes are represented on campus and they do not
all conform to Music Council’s standards. It may be
true that classical music is not appreciated because
of a lack of exposure to its aesthetic quality, but stu—
dents should not be subjected to this one kind of music.

This new Council for Contemporary Music, there-
fore, could supplement the musical needs of students
on campus. A well-balanced musical diet could benefit
all.

Time for Fraternities to Move

In the past few weeks, the six campus fraternities
have been holding meetings to discuss the revamping
of the Inter—Fraternity Council and reevaluation of
fraternity life on campus.

One of the areas we would like to see the frater-
nities study is off-campus fraternity houses. Two
years ago te University ruled that fraternities living
off campus would have to sell their houses and live on
campus.

Because of that' decision every fraternity is living in
the dormitories under the watchful eyes of “big
brother,” i.e. dormitory directors. Because of this
many of their social activities, one of the main pur-
pose of fraternity life, are limited.

With the housing problem facing the University in
future years and the liberalizing of restrictions for
off—campus housing, this would be a good time for
the various fraternities to apressure the Adminis-
tration for their houses bnck. '

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6

BY THE CLASS OF l9l8

 

.by John Reilly '
Aulitont Professor of English

The recent primary election in
Alabama must have been a disap-
pointment to the American public.
Consider the expectations that had
built up. . ,

Newspaper and television com-
mentators reported that Negroes

‘wcns candidates for local office in ,

areas where they hadn’t even voted
.for half a century.

Registration statistics showed a
large increase in the number of
Negroes qualified to vote, and be-
cause of the increase, gubernatorial
candidates--with the notable ex-
ception of the Wallaces-—allowed
themselves to be seen courting Ne-
gro voters.

Segregationlsts Win

Yet, despite these signs of change,
when the votes were counted, segre-
gationlsts were still in office all
across the state, and the most
outspoken of them ail--the uncom-
promising \Vallaces--liad won by a
landslide.

We are a public that loves to
imagine there are simple, dramatic
solutions to our social problems.
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was
popularly thought to satisfy Negro
demands.

When it became clear that the
Civil Rights Act would not mater-
ially change the conditions of life
for most Negroes in the South, then
the Voting Rights Act would do it.

Don’t misunderstand. The Civil
Rights Act and the Voting Rights
Act are absolutely necessary, and
so is a fair housing act, and so are
stronger employment guarantees,
and extended opportunity for higher'
education too.

Legislation Inadequate

But none of this legislation alone
makes change or wipes away the
evil consequences of a century of
American racism.

Moreover, the legislation cannot
be undertaken without understand-
ing that the Negropeople themselves
are responsible for changing the
conditions of their lives.

Along with our love of simple
answers to social problems, we
cherish a belief that the issues of
politics and society are matters
that are disposed by legislation,
but it wasn’t Congress orthe Presi-
dent who gave Negroes the rlgiit to
vote or to eat and be accommodated
where they pleased.

Negroes had already assumed
those rights and through sit-ins,

demonstrations, and freedom ballot- ,

ing were exercising them. Then, the
Congress and the President accom—
modated themselves to the fact and
passed laws.

Negroes Responsibility
Just as Negroes themselves
brought about the change in laws,
so Negroes themselves are respon-
sible for making them mean some-
thing in their lives.
In politics orie's best friend is

 

The Albany Student Press is a seml~woehly newspaper published by the student body of the State University of New York

at Albany. The ASP office, located In Room 5 of
Thursday nights. The ASP Moy be reached by dialing 434-403.

JOSEPH 5. SlLVERMAN
Editor-in-Cbiel

LINDA DUFTY
rcature Editor

LARRY EPSTEIN
Aris Editor

RAYMOND A. McCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor

D,ON OPPEDISANO
'Auociotc .Sports Editor

EILEEN MANNING
Senior Edi‘or

WA LT ER POST
Photography Editor

CHARLENE M. CARSON
Public Relations Editor

Brubochor Hall at 750 State Street, is open from 7-Il p.m. Sunday through

MARGARET DUNLAP
News Editor

SANDRA ROSENTHAL
Business Manager

NANCY FELTS
Associate Editor

LORRAINE R. BAZAN
Technical Supervrsor

Sue Chape, Kirsten Hunter

 

Dork Editor-

 

Advertilinp Staff

...... .. Bruce Kaufman, Lourq DoCoroliI
Michael Purdy

 

Alllllailf Business Manager
c. u

Mnlcorn Provost Richard Kobe, Mork Cunningham, Nancy Mladenbouoy,
Bob Wenier, Bill Schriltmon, John Spross. Linda Brogmon, Stove Curti,

Ken Bernsteianorol Altschillor, Lindo Dulty. Sora Kinsley, More Palette. Madeline Schnabel

Columnist-

 

Photographers

All communication V
.- f are subject to editing. The Albany Student Freer ouurnee nonespcnu
ommunicotions or ouch expressions do not nocoysorily reflect Ill Views.

mnne Somorvillc, Jone Schneider, Harry Nuchols, Dourlivs ..uin,,up,
D. Gordon llohom, Bob Mouilt, ixugcr lorkin

Too Moon Lee, Lewis Tichlor, Stuart Luocri, nouort Stephenson

I must be addressed to the odiiou and should-be sipiiuo. Communications should be limited to 300 word:
biliiy for oplnioiu expressed in its columns

one's self. The segregationist poli-
ticians, even if they do court Negro
votes, will not admit Negroes to an
equal place on local political com-
mittees or hear .lheir voices in
ideal affairs, unless Negroes make
them do it.

This is a truth the recent Ala-
bama elections should teach us. It
is a truth that Negro Civil Rights
organizations knew all along.

No Simple Answers
SCOPE, the parent organization
-SCIC, and SNCC are staffed by

people without illusions about simple '

answers to social problems and
without expectations of startling
changes in the minds and wills of
officials who have built careers in
racist politics.

These organizations devotethem-
selves to providing means and en-
couragement for Negroes to take
and exercise political reponsibility
in hundreds of local communities
throughout the South.

The possibilities for Southern
democracy rest with them, not with
officials who are talking modera-
tion now and “who knows what”
next election day.

Place for Students

Is there a place for outsiders
such as Northern students in this
work? Definitely. SCOPE and SNCC
are directed by leaders who are
Southern Negroes. Volunteers work
with local Negro groups and help
them organize.

They don’t go South to do some:
thing for Negroes. They give their
energy and skills in work with

people who are taking control of
their own lives. ‘

The work of Civil Rights groups
in the South has been compared to
the Reconstruction after the Civil
War. There is a parallel, so let us
recall how the first Reconstruction
ended. '

It was sold out by politicians who
believed they had taken responsi-
bility for~ the Freedman upon them-
selves and had then become tired of
the burden. .

Hopes on Alabama Primary

Probably some people readingthe‘
results of the 1966 Alabama pri-
mary felt this same sort of fatigue.
The news has been full of Civil'
Rights for years now, and it looked
as if the Alabama vote would at
last show the “problem” solved.

In the popular disappointment that
no dramatic solution to the "prob-
lem" appeared there is no danger
that again men of goodwill are
going to tire of worrying about the
Negro.

But this time there will be no
sellout because the Negro people
are organizing to take responsibility
into their own hands in the South.
They aren’t about to sell out them-
selves.

The significance of SCOPE, then,
is that It is realistic politics. No
work could be more useful than
participating in the SCOPE Sum-
mer Project. It’s educational too,
because someone might learn in
Alabama how to change politics in
Albany.

I COMMUNICA TIONS

Open Letter

To the Editor:

As members of a group of stu-
dents and faculty interested in ex-
ploring the question of available
religious facilities next fall for
residents of the new campus, we
would like to make public a resume
of the discussions which have been
held in the first two informal meet-
ings.

Three alternatives have been con-
sidered: l) the use of existing facil-
ities located off campus; 2) the use
of an interfaith center to be con-
structed near the campus; and 3)
the use of on-campus buildings.

In exploring each of these pos-
sibilities, the committee has dis-
cussed advantages and disadvan-
tages of each.

Facilities in the community may
be desirable for student use be-
cause they could provide a wide
variety of denominational worship
and also because they can be used
immediately.

On the other hand, this alterna-
tive presents the problem of trails—
portation. A further consideration
is that surrounding churches and
synagogues may not have the ca-
pacity to accommodate the influx
of students.

It is also possible that students
in an academic community would
not wish to separate themselves,
in their roles as religious per-
sons, from this academic setting,
but would prefer to be part of a
student religious community.

The second alternative, that of
an interfaith center, would be ad-
vantageous in that It would provide
religious facilities much closer to
the campus than ally that now ex-
ists and In that it would engender
:1 sense of community in worship.

This would be a living example
of ecumenlsm at the university.
lloweier, the cost of building such
a center, not to mention the great
difficulty of finding land, presents
problems. Assuming that different
religious groups would work to-
gether, two to four years would pass
before an interfaith building would
become a reality.

Also to be considered are the
practical aspects of accommoda—
lions; could one building serve all
the students on the cmnpus who
wished to worship there?

The tlilrd alternative deals with
the use of buildings on campus.

In addition to the factor of con-
venient location, on campus wor-
ship, as any other student activity,
would be supported by those stu-
dents who desired it, and certainly
worship would deserve as much
attention as airy other student ac-
tivity.

However, as a student activity
it would be competing with other
student activities for time and space.

Mere apathy should not deter-
mine the fate of students’ oppor-
tunitles to worship but this is what
may happen if the problem is not
forcibly brought to the attention of
all interested students.

If alternative 1, the use of campus
facilities, is the best alternative,
it sliouid be chosen by popular con-
sent, but it should not be allowed to
win out by default simply because
no serious consideration is given to
alternative 2 and 3.

Tile choice must be made now by
us, the students, so that we may
pursue our religious inclinations
most meaningfully after the move
to the new campus.

It is requested that any sugges-
tions, comments, or criticisms on
this topic be directed to the ASP
through letters or to either Sue
Boyd or James Camp via student
mail.

Susan Boyd
James Camp

ENFIDE
'Christ Event

 

in the Novel’
8:00 p.m.
Saturday
646 State Street
Dr. Thomas Littiefield
Dr. Townsend Rich

Bruce Daniels

 

 

 

 

 '   I .. . Flld‘fi'lf‘iylli  I
ganizations Votaly ._ '

EncourageNegropqaacamesponsibimy \

 
 

 

tilde» idem. 19.66.»

\

 

The International Film Group
served up a real treat two weeks
ago in the presentation of Stanley
Donen’s 1964 production of “Char-
ade,” starring Audrey llepburn and
Cary Grant.

The film was an instant box office
success when it was first released
(it has grossed over $9,000,000),
and it is not hard to see wliy.Rarely
does a‘film, especially an American
film, excel in every department:
acting, directing, writing, music,
technical (scenery, camera, etc.)
“Charade” excels in all these.

Atmosphere of Intrigue

An ingenious title sequence and
jazzy music by Henry Mancini create
an atmosphere of intrigue and ex-
citement that the film never loses.
The plot concerns the perils of a
woman (Audrey Hepburn) whose hus-
band has been mysteriously mur-
dered and who has supposedly hid
a quarter of a million dollars.

Thinking Miss Hepburn has the
money or knows where it is, a gang
of thugs pursues and barasses tier
in an effort to recover the money
for themselves. Onto the scene
comes the debonaire Cary Grant,
who meets Miss Hepburn and learns
of her dilemma.She and the audience
spend the rest of the time trying to
figure out if he is friend or foe until
be final suspenseful minutes.

Hair Raising
Director-producer Stanley Donen

,,  «your... an  ( _.
"Cbi'iriide’ Production ‘to Success;

by Douglﬂl Rothgeb
has managed to cqmblne hilarious,
witty comedy with suspense and
hair-raising excitement, and the
result is beautiful. one moment the
audience is laughing and the next in
a state of near-shock.

That is the special treat of this
film; one never knows what is com-
ing up next, but whether it is a dra-
matic or comic moment it always
seems just right. This in part can
be attributed to fine direction, but
more so to a very fine script.

Hepburn Sophisticated

The casting director for "Char-
ade" deserves accolades as well
for assembling a perfectly tuned
company of players. Audrey Hep-
burn, sleek and sophisticated, looks
just right as the woman pursued.
She, like the rest of the cast, plays
her part with such conviction that
you sometimes begin to think that
what is going on up there on the
screen is all too real.

Grunt Ys. Bond

The fact that Cary Grant has never
won an Oscar should be testament
enough to his considerable acting
talents. Captivating, hilarious,
slick, exciting are a few of the ad-
jectives one could use to describe
him in this film. And anybody who
thnks Sean Connery is more suave
than Mr. Grant would do well to see
"Charade" and make his own dis-
covery.

Rare Solo Soprano Recital

Anticipated in

Albany Area

by John Spross
Outside of major m‘usicul centers like New York

-a super-understatement).

City, the solo song recital is an extreme rarity. Even
more rare is a recital by n lyric soprano. Therefore,
it is with much anticipation that we may look forward
to Miss Rae Kuplan’s recital on Sunday, May 22 at
3:30 p.m. at the Albany Institute of History and Art.

At this concert for the benefit of the American Cun—
cer Society, Miss Kaplan plans to present a series of
seldom heard vocal compositions.

Included will ‘be a Mozart Aria from “A1 re restore”
and seve “.11 Schubert lieder including “Death and the
Maiden.” From the twentieth century, Miss Knplan has
chosen Ravel’s “Five Greek Songs," “Three Songs”
(1961) by Norman Schnpiro with lyrics by Ogden Nash
and “Three Elizabethan Songs” (1962) by Arnold
Friede.

Miss Kaplzin will be accompanied by Iiussoll Field,
organist and choirmiistor of St, Andrew’s Episcopal
Church.

Miss lx’nplzin is it grudunlo of Albany lligh School
and attended New York University. She has sung with
the Capitol Hill (‘bm‘nl Society Illlfl with llli‘ (‘ollogium
Museum of tho (‘nlhi-ilral of .\ll Saints. Miss Knpluii is

also soloist :ii 'l‘l‘lllpll‘ lii'ili i-iiiii'lh :liiil St. Andrew’s
Church illlfl is ('lll‘l'f‘lllly siiiilyiiig with l“l‘:ill('lS (ioi'nmn
of the Inculiy iii' .Iiilini'il.

Also on this br-ni-fil program will bo the Mnhiginn
String Qllnl‘lt'l. 'l‘lio principal violinist, Into lllnhig'inn,
is assistant Tlllil t'i)il(,‘i‘l'lnl.’l.\‘lf‘l‘ of tho Albany Symphony
and oonoorinmsli-i- of tho \\'illinmsti)wn Symphony. The
String Qunriol will lu‘ Iii-r1 l'il in the “Double Violin (‘on-
aorta” of J. 5', [inch and .‘l string quartet of Francis
I'lnydn. Tickets :11'(‘ nvnilnblr: nl rii'i-n music stores or
by calling 457—7961.

Drumutics Council Chooses
Officers, lnducts Candidates

 

'I‘lie DI'ulllillll'S L'Ullili'll i-li-ruoil
their officers for next your, iillil
inducted u dozen new iiiemboi's all
their meeting last Friday.

Elected were l’uulii Miclinels,
III'PFlildlll; Charles Bartlett, vice
piw Jeni; Jane Mandel, secretary;
liairhuru Smlili, treasurer; Nancy
('i'uwford, tryout coordinator; Will-
[or Dollerty, Publicity Director.
This Is Mr. Dolicriy's second year
in this office.

Inductees
Having ucruinulaleil sufiicicnt
credits for their induction were
Chuck Bartlett, Maureen Pearson,
Chuck lleiiieman, Junice Newmurk,
Florence Kaein, Jay Deanehnn, burh

Smith, llurvcy \‘luhos, Peter
llrooits, lLllls Kaufman, Julie Man-
(ch and Anita Lluzzl.

Dramatic Reception

Other business of interest wlilclr
was conducted concerned the Dro-
mutii's Council Reception which will
be held today or 3:00 p.m. In the
Stage Shop. Anyone who has done
any work on ally University ’I‘hea-
tre production during the past year
is encouraged to attend,

Also discussed was the Drainatlcs
Council Picnic to be held on May 21.
Those who are eligible to attend the
reception are also permitted to at-
tend lho‘plcnlo. Those who are in-
terested should contact any member
of Drumallcs Council for details.

     
 

 

  

Supporting characters are all
fine. Walter Matthau is a scream
as the CIA man who is not quite
what he pretends to be (and that is
James
Coburn, one of the thugs, is also
excellent. One of his best scenes
comes when he catches Miss Hep-
burn in a phone booth (she is con-
stantly getting caught in phone
booths) and tries to worm secrets
out of her by dropping lighted
matches into her lap.

   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
      
       
    
     
   
   
     
 
    

Equally deserving of praise are
the film's fine technical qualities,
especially the camera work. The
city of Paris is caught in all its
splendor and charming beauty. The
background music by Mancini fits
in perfectly.

   
   
     
   
     
    
  
        
    
    
 
 

What Else?

“Charade” is one of those films
you enjoy so much that you forget
to sing its individual praises at
first. But when you finally come to

think about it, “Charade” has all
the ingredients for a top-notchfllm: V  m
fine direction, strong plot, music by 

Mancini, the fine talents of Hepburn ENGLISH EVENING: S udents and faculty members combine
and Gram. Even Our Man Fun, is,“ efforts in‘Brubacher LoWer Lounge to successfully present on
there. So what else do you want? evening a verse, and other literary creotrvrty.

If you haven’t examined
a new Chevrolet since
Telstar II, the twist

or electric toothbrushes,

  
 
  
   

   
 

      
  
 

 

i[.', ,

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

are.

liiiiii lmpiiln Sport . ‘(lilll—il more powerful, more beautiful car iii ii most pli. sing price.

shame on you!

You‘ve bur-n missing out on a lot that's new and better since ‘62:

' A more powerful standard Six illlfl Vii (I55 :Illfl I95 hp, respective ').

- Nclu 'l‘urbo-Jcl His with displacements of filth and «127 cubic inrics that you can
ort or.

- A fully synrlirmiigvtl .‘i-spt-cd transmission as standard.

- A 'I‘urbo Ilyrlrn-Miilir transmission iivuiluhlo.

' Drop-iiiisl carpi-ting on every model.

t Six-month or ii,iIlIiI-milr llil)l'lt'l|llllll intervals.

' Self-adjusting brlett-s.

' A Iii-Ii'oirun gonorntor lhiil extends battery life.

- Self-cleaning rm'kur patrols“

- Hi to .‘I" more shoulder room; increased log and head rmmr.

' A smoother coil—s iring suspension.

- New sound lllltl vi )ruliuu dumpcncrs throughout.

' A longer body, ii witlcr frame and trend.

' lit-ms you (‘llll ziiIrI, such as Alli-I’M Multiplex Stereo radio, (‘umforlriiii uutrnnaiic
bringing and air conditioning, and u Tilt-telescopic steering whch (or one that tilts
on y .

- Standard suft'ty items on all models, including front and rear soul belts, buck-up
lights, windshield wushcrs, padded instrument panel, padded visors, 2-spucd clcrtric
wipers, hillside mirror, shatter-resistant inside mirror and nun-glare wiper arms.
(l'sc them to best advantage.)

- And of course the great buys you can get right now from your Chevrolet dealer.

Move out in May

% the Chevrolet Way a

390 your Chevrolet dealer! CHEVROLET ' GHEVELLE ' CHEVY II ' CORVAIII ,Lmu—m 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

