  

 

 

 

 

Grad isszks

 

  

liquor Policy

Student opinion about liquor on cam-

pus is proving to be wide and varied.

I We hope that the committee which will
discuss this issue will consider some
of these opinions of the students since
they are the ones to be affected.

The‘actual application of this mod-
ification will require careful thought on
the part of those making decisions and
by students on campus. A mature atti-
tude should be displayed by all con-
cerned.

The behavior of students regarding
liquor will be watched by many as a
test of this plan here. Perhaps it will
determine the establishment of other
more liberal policies.

This is a serious matter and could
mean greater convenience for those
wishing a drink. We think alcohol in
the campus center should be a part of
the policy and also at formal functions
held on campus.

Another place alcohol should be per-
mitted is at the Mohawk Property. The
decision of having liquor in the dorms
should perhaps be decided by or refer-
endum. Those that don’t drink will be
more affected than those that do drink.

One thing the poll showed was that
students do have opinions and are think-
ing of this new policy. When it is finally
formulated We hope these students will
abide by the guide lines that are set up
to make the enforcement easier.

Political Issues

v This is election day. This is an edi—
% torial, however, on why we are not en—
. dorsing a political candidate for any of—
; fice_.___For one thing this is a student

   

 

          
       
     
   
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
 

newspaper. Although some students can
vote, the majority can not. ‘

Politics may affect students but still
it is not the job of a student paper to
leave the realm of campus issues forone
day a year to become involved in state
wide politics.

Also there. is a journalism rule that
for every editorial there should be a
news story preceding it. The facts should
inform the readers while the editorial
gives him the opinion.

Obviously this paper does not give the
reader the news of these political can—
didates. When it begins to introduce the
facts zthen it can provide the opinion.

lirait Requirements

One of the major worries confronting
many of the male students on campus is
the selective service and his “ZS”
classification. The draft boards admin-
istering the program have been vague
on many occasions as to the basis for
their decisions.

Information regarding the selective
service is passed on to the University
which relays it to the student body. We
feel that this University has failed on
several occasions to fullfill this purpose

One does not have to look far to find
an example. in today’s issue we find
that the Registrar has been sending a
student’s overall average to the local
draft board instead of the average for
the previous year as asked for by most
boards.

The complacency of the Registrar’s
office towards the draft affects every
male student here. The lack of clarifi—
cation of policy on their part will affect
the future of every male student on
campus.

 

 

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISH ED MAY l916

BY THE CLASS OF i916

 

 

-.,..,f. N."S.\I-.L«J."‘ «  ‘ ‘

“:00 p.m. Surllley i

x RAYMOND MCCLOAT
, Sports Editor

\ DONALD OPPEDISANO
i Allociote Sports Editor

BRUCE KAUFMAN
Advertising Manager

JOSE PH Si LVERMAN
‘, Executive Editor

 

The Albany Student Free: is a semi-weeth newspaper pubiilhed by the Student Association ol the State University of
New York at Albany. The ASP olllce, located in Ven Renueloer Hall at
rough Thursday nights or may be reached by dialing 457-8604 or 457-8605.

MARGAR ET DUNLAP
Editol-in-Chiel

LINDA DUFTY
Feature Editor

KEN BERN STEIN
Associate Editor

STUART LUBERT
Photography Editor

KAR EN KEEFER
Executive Editor

in: Western Avenue, I: open lram 7:00 p.m. to

SARA KITTSLEY
New: Editor

LlNDA VﬁN PATTEN
Technlco Supervisor

GARY SCHUTJE
Business Manager

EDl TH HA RDY
Elecotlve Editor

 

  

Ail communications must be oddreued to the editere and

   

 

 

Stail............. .....Jiii Pozniil, Linda Berdun, Linda Miller, Madeleine Schnabel, Margaret Carrol, Robert Cutty, John Cromle,
Cor Lindemonn, Nancy elie, Aileen Kroety, Cat arlne Noun, Ker, omeI Winliow,'Duncan Nllon,

Michael Nolln, Michael Connuly, Jay Deonehan, Nancy Lehman, Merit Cunningham, Gory Restilo, Peter

Peter Goldberg, Tom Myles, Joe Cordomone, Glenn Sapir, Bob Chamberlain, Hank Rabnowitl, Sue Archey

lColumnllte. ....... ... ...... .............Jonph Nicaltri, Sherman Richards, Ellie Kaufman, Victor Cohen, Harry Nuchole Rober Borkin
igor Koroluil, Mary Gretel

,Cartoonl-t- Don Logo, Fred luekl

should be signed. Communications should be limited to MD
word! and are subject to editing. The Albany Student Prue autumn no responsibility for opinions «spree-ed in It: cel- '
rolwnnr and communications or euch ennrurione do not neceuarily relleet lte viewe.

 

 

 

  

by Sherman ill chord:

“Good afternoon Michael.’,’

"A..tine hello to you my dear
Johnathan." . .

“Have you completed your day”
classes?”_ ,

“Why, yes I have, but Ha Has,
not my day's learning by any means.
Tonight I have planned to study two
hours of this and one hour and
forty-five minutes of that."

' "Yes, that is very good my dear
Johnathan, but if you started your
work by seven, you would be done
by eleven and that wouldn’t be very
good, would it? You’d wake up in
the morning and wouldn’t have any
bags'under your eyes, now would
you?”

"I guess you are right. 1 must do
something to elongate my study
hours. Maybe I should pull an all
nighter and do each of my assign-
ments twice. Think how smart i
would be then."

"More importantly than that, think
of those gloriously BIG bags you'd

have under your eyes. You'd be the I

envy of everyone. Oh, I wish I
could do it with you but I have a
big exam coming up on Friday
and I want to pull my all nighter
Thursday."

“on won’t you be respected when
you march into that room on Fri-
day. Ibet everyone will be so over-
whelmed that they’ll all stand up
and want to shake your hand.”

That Horrid Rebel
“Oh look Michael; there goes
that horrid rebel. I bet he’s nothing
but a show off."
"i know exactly what you mean.

Eanﬂell Bench:

. He's in my esculltion class. Last

week I was‘sitting quietly at my
desk and he had the audacity to try
to ask me if l would help him with

one of the home work problems.,

Why, I bet he was just trying to
find out if i did it." a

“Well, you have a right tobecon-
earned over this character. I've
heard some strange things about
him.”

“on, tell me Johnathan what you
know of him. How I'd love to get
something on him. Then i could
make him sorry he's the way he
15.”

“Did you know that he doesn’t

even study for every class. I've
been told that he doesn’t schedule
his time and that’s why he never
bothers studying two hours for every
hour of class;

“The audacious wretch."

"I'm glad he doesn't know our
secret about studying. If he knew
that the beginning of each term we
make up a chart of how we’re going
to spend every hour of that semes-
ter.......”

"Yes, and that once the schedule
is made up, we don't have to worry
about how we are going to spend
our time for a whole semester."

. “Ssssh, here he comes...."

"Hi guys, anything good going on
in your dreary little lives?”

“Why the audacity."

“Well I never......"

“Hoy, where are you going. I was
just kidding. They're acting sort of
queer today. Maybe they're just war--
rled about mid-terms."

Panllellenic Undergoing change

Pan Hellenic Council is presently
undergoing minor alterations to
adapt itself to the University’s fu-
ture needs. The organization is en-
deavorlng to define the philosophy
and future purposes of Pan-Hell in
anticipation of necessary revisals
to stem from University growth.

At present the organization acts
as a coordinator between sorori—
ties and fraternities with main em-
phasis on programming. Now, Greek
interests are focused on the plan-
ning of State’s first annual Greek
Week. Pan-Hell would appreciate
individual and immediate consider-
ation of ideas designed to make
Greek Week a success.

Support for Campus Chest

Another major concern of Pall-
Hellenic Council at this time is
Campus Chest. The Greeks have a
major 'obligation to the University
and to themselves for making this
venture a success. Festivities will
begin Monday, Nov. 7, and con-

tinues through Saturday, Nov. 12.

The Greeks are proud to announce
that at present the lucky few to be
adorned with pies are Frank Pe-
trone, Larry Lioz, and William
Cleveland. Remember, this kind of
opportunity comes once in a life-
time.

The Campus Chest College Bowl
will once again determine who has
been cracking the books, and the
choosing of Desert Star and Water
Boy should prove interesting. Pan-
Hell would like the Greek support
for Campus Chest to be at all all
tlme.hlgh.

New Sorority
All upperclass women who are
interested in forming a new sor-
ority are invited to an informal
discussion sponsored by ISO on
Tuesday, Nov. 8 at 7 p.m. in the
Humanities Building.

P.S.-—Watch out for loose moose
in Dutch Quad cafeterial

 

[COMMUNICA TIONS 1

Questions Food

To the Editor:

l was elated to read that Food
Service showed a profit for the
school year 1965-00 as reported
in the A.S.P. on Nov. 1. i wasn't
aware that Faculty-Student Asso-
ciation was that wealthy.

it seems a pity that they can't
give us decent meals, much less
hot ones. What i am referring to
specifically are the extremely poor
breakfasts. The dinners are atleust
edible, but usually by five o'clock
1 am so hungry that I eat it no mat-
ter how bad it is. i am weary of
going down to breakfast only totaste
(and that’s as far as it goes) eggs
that taste like gastric juice. Alld
anyone who has ever vomited gas—
tric juice will tell you that it isn’t
exactly the most pleasant tasting
thing in this world. If the eggs
were at least bland, maybe it would
not be so bad, but that isn't the
case-d haven't had a decent break-
fast since I returned to school.

I would think that. they would
realize that something was wrong
with the food, if not from student

opinion (which it seems they pay no
attention to) then from the sight of
all the food sent back to the kitchen
to be thrown away. Well, at least
i hope they throw away what's sent
back.

Peter MucMonnglc

Sterile Campus

To the Editor:

Many students at SUNYA criticize
the new campus for belllgi‘sterilo."
I gather that they al‘e’llll using this
word figuratively since using it
literally is irrelevant because every
architectural work has to be sterile.

Figuralively spanking u work is
sterile if it generates no subjective
feeling. A feeling of hate is fertile
as it is a feeling of warmth or love.
A feeling is not “sterile.”

A feeling is subjective by nature.
it the students think the campus is
"sterijo," have they no feeling or
sensitivity? Or have they no fooling
for the State University at Albany?

If the answer to the last question
is positive (yes), then may l ask
why are they going here?

Christine A. Gronvnll

 
    
 
 
   
  
    
 
 
   
  
 
  
    
   
   
  
 
 
  

    
    
    
     
    
     
 
    
   
      
 
  
 
 
   
   
 

trict friends of S.N.C.C.
is at right.

is at

Electronic Musical Equipment
lo Bollscll In Presentation Now.”

A program of electronic music
compositions will be presented
Thursday evening, November 17,
by Alvin Lucier, of Brandeis Uni-
versity, and Joel Chadabe, of State
University of New York at Albany,
at Page Hall on the downtown cam-
pus of SUNYA.

Mr. Chadabe, assistant professor
of music, established the electronic
music studio at the University on a
grant from the Research Founda-
tion of the State University of New
York.

Mr. Lucier, director of the elec-
tronic music at Brandeis, studied
in Rome on a Fulbright grant. His
selections have been performed
throughout the United Nations,ltaly,
and the Scandinavian countries.

Mr. Lucler will use a variety of

ilanrlus llllosi Events
commence lhis Week

The Trivia Contest chaired by
Marcia Schoenbium and Naomi
Brochstein, will be held on Wednes-
day, Nov. 9 at 7:30. Thelocation has
been changed to the Colonial Quad
Dining Room because of a conflict.
A quarter donation will be accepted.

The winners of the Miss Desert
Star and Mr. Waterboy contest will

be announced at Casino Night on

Friday. These winners will be
chosen as a result of the voting
taking place all this week in the
Humanities and Social Sciences
Buildings.

The Casino Night and dance will
be the climax of Campus Chest

iVANi-iOE oomwsou, S.N.C.C.'s No. 2 men, was on“...
Monday to speak to students. Mr.

 

""c'lioOl77 "

by John Tagler

Graduate schools play an increas-
ingly significant role in the cur-
riculum at SUNYA. The Graduate
‘ School of Public Affairs,established
by SUNY in 1962, became a consti-
tuent of the University at Albany
this fall.

The school consists of three, de-
partments: program ill political eco-
nomy, public affairs, and political
science, all of which grant Masters
of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy de-
grees. The political science depart-
ment also maintains the responsibil-

, ity for the graduate program in Al-
bany.

The school has a significant his-
torical background since it grew out
of the Albany graduate program in
public administration, established in
1947. This was a cooperative or-
ganization between New York Uni-
versity, Syracuse University, and
the State University of New York.
It was headquartered in Albany and
Dean 0. B. Conoway, current dean
for the graduate school at Albany,
served in the same capacity during
the organization's duration.

The student body is made up of

his electronic equipment in com- bath fun-“me and part'ume Stu"

Forbes, head of Capital Dis-
Ieit, Ken Fuchsmon, grad student

binatlon with that of the host uni- dents' Approxlmmely 80 {UH-“me
struments will be a machine which a program of execuuve devewpment
registers audio signals from brain with a Clientele of primarily or

The program Wm ,nclude com_ school on a part-time basis. The
positions by Frederic Rzewski R d ,  b
Mr. Luclel‘. Additionally, a film by   s u
the talented young Japanese film
shown.

Of electronic equipment Mr.Cha- T ' N t w k
in the last two decades have made  s  
possible the use of electronic in- Reader’s Club, a campus student
the following effect: music is no selections aloud. will sponsor an
longer limited to thetecllnical capa- eVenlng 0f readings Dec. 19, 1966.

t is now extended to the limits Sponsored BCHVUY 15 Ml: limited
of human perception. The depart- to members, tryouts for the read-
cooperation with the Music Council in Humanities 70.
at SUNYA is sponsoring the free While the program itself will be
necessary for the program which Poetry 0n the theme of winter and
will begill at 8:15 p.m. Christmas, a selection need not

tryouts which will be made on the
same basis us play tryouts. Those
0
   to read a selection of the advisor’s
choosing.
on campus the Reader’s Club has

The Albany Slate Ski CIUbCODSU- also pcrl‘c‘l-med off-campus. Last
tral Council. The club has already eml element," .

y schools in Alban ‘
planned skllnc up the Christmas at the Women’s Club ln Rome, Neill
tativeiy sclleduled for Snt., NOV. 19. sponsored by Trinity Methodist
lime and Place l0 be announced. Church of Albany; and at the Col-

Versﬂy. An unuSual one 0, ms ,n_ students are enrolled. There isalso
waves. public officials, who attend the
David Behrman, Mr. Chadabe, and
maker, Takalliko lilnura, will be  
dabe states: Advancesln electronics
struments as sound generators,wlth group deVOtEd to reading literary
clues ofthe performer, Since participation in this club-
ment of music at the University in lngs will be held Wednesday,Nov. 16
public concert. No tickets will be devoted to selections of prose and
. be made prior to the evening of
Sin ClubFormed,
who try out will merely be asked
In addition to previous programs
tutlon has just been ratified by Cen- ye,” the group performed at sev-
vacation. The first ski trip is teh- York; at the Spring Arts Festival
The first membershln meetlnl.r legs Arts Festival at East Strands-

Program‘s :

school may handle 300-400 of these
executives each semester. ,
One reason for the establishment
of the school in Albany is the ac-
cessibility to the resources of the
Capital District. The school is
closely affiliated with the New York
State government and works with
numerous governmental agencies.
The School of Public Affairs pre-
pares its graduates for numerous
careers. it offers preparation in

 
  
 
  

   

public service, research,',educa-
lion, and governmental service,

Dr. Lewis P. Welsh, assistant
dean of the graduate school com}
mented, "Graduates have entered.
in numerous professional and min-l »
agerial positions at all levels of '
government, both at home‘ and '
abroad. Also, many graduates are ‘
teaching at two and four year col-
leges in New York as well as out-
side the state.

Student Does Research
in Nuclear Resonance '

Frederick Smart, a senior at the
State University of New York at
Albany, is currently working on nu-
clear quodrupole resonance with
C/35 paradichlorobenzene and or-
tllodichlorobenzene. His puspose is
to determine why certain ellipsoid-
shaped crystals vibrate at a cer-
tain frequency.

The crystals are put in the coil
of an oscillator. When the crystals
are in the oscillator, and the os-
cillator is tuned to the right fre-
quency ill the crystal, the crystal
absorbs energy. Then, through other
equipment, it is possible to observe
the vibrations from the crystals.

If it is know that there are cer-
tain frequencies of vibrations, then
from this and other data, itwillalso
be possible to determine the struc-
ture of a crystal.

in paradichlorobenzene, three

phases of crystals are formed un-
der various conditions if the tem-
perature is changed. Each phase
corresponds to a different freqency
which can be detected. From this
study of the crystals, the different
phases of paradichlorobenzene can
be seen. .- -

Smart has been working withnu-
cler quadrupole resonance for
about a year. He became interested
in phase transitions oforthodichlor-
obenzene which had not been stud-
ied' from 0° to liquid nitrogen.

Progress was difficult at has:
as there were problems with accur-
ate temperature control, and slow
signal-to-noise ratio. This summer
work began on designing and building
a new oscillator. The newoscillator
has just recently been completed.

Smart teaches Physics 111 lab-
oratory classes.

 

Week. Equipment is being donated Will be held on Tues” NOV- 14 at burg, Pennsylvania.
by some of iilecasinosln LasVegas. 7130, “19 Place to be nlanllllce‘l- Questions regarding the tryouts
There will be a lllxlelnnd band fea- Enrollment will begin at that llme- on November 16 may be directed to
turing Mr. Neil Brown and a local Beginners €15 Well 35 experts are club president Alex Krakower at
rock band for dancing. welcome ﬁlld lHSlI‘UCHOIl Will be 457-8711, or tb club advism‘ Mr
The funds from these events will available on all ll‘llls- The “lure Fish in Humanities 316. Tryouts
be given to CARE, the Albany Com- SCthUle Will be announced at “115 are open to all members of the
munity Chest, World University meeting. student body.

First Lutheran Church

and the United Negro College Fund.
181 Western A venue

 

This year's goal is $2000.

Lectures Scheduled
0n Islamic Mysticism

Two lectures on Islam are sched-
uled for Tuesday, Nov. 8. Tile
speaker is Professor erza Qundeer
Baig of the department of Islamic
Studies, University of Toronto.

Tile first lecture will he at 12:20
p.m. in Lecture lioom l, basement
of tile library building. This will
be a general lecture on lslnln. Tile
second lecture will be at 0:00 p.m.,
Room 201 of the Social Sciences
building. The topic is SUFlSM, tile
mystical movement ill lslam, Those
lectures are sponsored by the De-
partment of History and all inter-
ested students and faculty are in-
vited to attend.

Professor Baig lectured to tile
Faculty Seminar on lslnmlc Civili-
zation on Monday evening. SUNYA
is the host college for the Seminar,
Faculty from five other area col-
leges in addition to SUNYA are

William H. Riitberger, Pastor,
Paul E. Henry, Assistant Pastor

Services at 9:00 and 11:00 a.m.
Free bus transportation
for the 11:00 a.m. service

Leaving Dutch. Colonial Quads at i0:i5 a.m.

 

c-.._;.;es<sam

Sherman's
92 State Street
Albany, N.Y.

THE GENTLEMAN'B SHIRT

in. new ‘ ,on

 

_ 'shrp_ I
finest . . . exclusively Sore

 

 

 

 

participating ill the seminar.

 

 

 

