  
  

   

   
 

   
  

 

\
l
l

 
 

 

 
 

a" now  a‘ ‘tliorough'tlook at the sports situation
and  some concrete predictions. '

~ .2 First of all, AMIAIsoftball ‘is once again having its
usual troubles. Refereeing is again a big problem, as
on more than one occasion referees have failedto show
up for scheduled games. even the paid refs. In the past
it has‘ been the assigned refs from the various teams
'that have not shown up. costing their teamsa half-game

' in the standings. But this season even the salaried um-
pires (including. the head umpire) have missed games

. they were‘scheduled for. , _

‘ We can offer no excuse for this incompetence, nor
do we intend to. It’s a simple case of student irrespon—
sibility. Any solutions?

Here is an additional AMTA item which really won’t
do much good mentioning here, but we want the students
to be aware of. There are certain teams in LeagueI
softball that have no right 'beihg there. They do not
measure up to the calibre of play in the league. Per—
haps the organizers of these teams weren’t aware of
this possibility when the joined the league. This we

 
   
 

« don’t know. But what we do know is that it is an in-

Justice to the other teams in the league-—more games
that have to be played, less competition, run—away
ballgames, long, drawn-out affairs, etc.-—and could
have easily been avoided by greater foresight by the
organizers of these teams who could have entered in
the other leagues. As is there are two League T divi—
sions where a more suitable one could have been formed
with five or six teams battling each other for the
championship.

The varsity teams are enjoying moderate success at
best. The baseball team (2-9) has problems. The tennis
team (2-2) is disappointing. The golf team (1-3, 4th in
Capital City Tourney) is faring about as expected.

Now you want to hear those predictions? The baseball
team will continue to have its problems, the tennis
team will not live up to its potential. and the golf
team will continue in its mediocre manner. We have
no indications to the contrary, so we'll continue to
be pessimistic. Besides. it’s been that kind of spring.

         

....... . .

RETURN VOLLEY: Great Dane netmen returns valley in match.

Boilers Place 4th NOTICES ‘

in its bid to retain the Capital City

a agenda halchbinpleted, I we

Tournament championship when ilud-
son Valley Community College dom-
inated the six team field with a 332
four-man total. RPI was runner-up
with a 338 total.

State could manage no better than
a tie for fourth as Bill Kane's 82,
Ray McCloat’s 86, Bill Pendergast’s
90, and Fred Nelson's 90 gave the
Danes a 348 aggregate.

Charlie Murphy of Siena won Med-
alist honors with a 78 over Mac-
Gregor golf course's 37-35-72 lay-
out.

The State University Gymnastics
Club will give an exhibition on Thurs-
day, May 12, at 7:30 p.m. in Page
Gym.

The routine will include: balance
beam, floor exercises, side horse,
parallel bars, tumbling, trampoline,
and the uneven parallel bars.

The club is under the direction of
Dr. Edith Cobane and is in its first
year oi activity.

15¢ on ANY lARGE

Good Only. My 9. to.“

i
PIZZA :

-, "Call 434-3293

LAndy’s PIZZA- RAMA—J

 
   
 
     
  
 
 
   
   
  

      
  

     
 

  
 

  

N .,.,, -< « .,.-;',.';.., "“wr

Opp

 

[the AT FIRST: $3.2, noel... lam

oven.

I

has sater on an intield sin

4.”

gle in game against New

Pizzillo Theft Streak Snapped
Diamondmen Face Utico Tomorrow

by Mike Connolly-

Tom Piotrowki’s knuckleball and Pep Pizzillo’s daring baserunning were
the big factors Friday as Albany State’s Diamondmen avenged an early season
defeat and rolled over Siena’s Indians 7-3. The Danesmen, now 2-5 since Spring

vacation,

lost to a powerful New Haven club on Saturday bya score of 13-1.

Pizillo’s record string of forty—six consecutive stolen bases. possibly unmatched
anywhere in collegiate circles, was ended by New Haven’s catcher.

Pep, 1965 NCAA.College

base-stealing champ with    R.P.I.

24 steals in 14 games, was

glad the streak was over. stotn Saturstay.tliprill (:0. thelAlbaIl‘lj'
. . . a e vars y enn s eam Journe

He Showed hls elatlon by to Troy to face Rensselaer Poly-

stealing number 47.

The streak had been a lot or evening the Great Dane record at
pressure [or the team captajn’ but 2-2. However, RPI dashed the net-
it rarely showed as he ran the men’s hopes by defeating Albany by
basepaths. He scored the States-1374 margin-
men’s only run against New Haven Tom Slocum. again Playing num-
by walking, stealing second and third be“ two man. 311d 51“ SChllSler 9133’-
and coming in on Ray Gianninle ing for the first time this year as
sacrificg ﬂy, The Danesmen could number sixth man, were the lone
only manage four hits in support or State victors. Slocum remained un-
pltcher Tom Egelsion. Three in one defeat“ 35 he downed 301’ Shaw;
inning went wasted as New Haven 6-4. 7-5: and 30111519? demalEd RPI'S
walked a double play, Bill Shenfield, 6-4, 2-6, 6-3.

With' his knuckleball working to. .
perfection against Siena, Piotrowski. Albany’s first man. Ken 2307131135,
reminded at least one Albany sports was beaten by the Engineer’s 9101‘
writer of a pitching veteran ofmany Abrahmmsl 4'6: 1-6 and Dime Tom
years. Tom is “different” though, Walenclk. Playing in the third posi-
he still has a few years ahead of no“. lost to Jim BTOOKHeld. 0-612-6-
mm. The Dane lefty's only mistake Fourth man Guy Nicosia was over-
came in the first when he served up Whelmed by Ken lelberc. 2-6. 3-6.
a home run pitch to Sieng catcher and State’s fifth man, Bob Dobrusin
chuck Thompson, _ was defeated by the home squad’s

After that, it was State allthe way Ron Morgan, 5-7, 0-6.
as each of the Danesmen contributed
to the scoring attack. They were RPI swept the doubles matches,
never headed after the third as they 3-0, Zacharias and Slocum were
took a 4-1 lead, and Piotrowskl beaten by Abrahams-Shaw, 41-0, 2-6,
scattered seven hits climaxing the and walenclkmlcosia were downed
performance by striking outthe side by the team of groomed—2111mm,
in tha ninth. 2-6 3-6.

Catcher hay Cianfrini is the ’
team’s leading hitter at .357. Pio-
trowskl leads the pitching staff with
an ERA of 1.58, and a .375 batting
lverage. G

The duo of Dobrusin and Tony
laser went down to their firstdefeat

Fresh from spomng slenats of the year at the hands ofKuli-Sara-
chances for a bid to the Small Col- pum' ("SM 4‘116' gnu“ “10,59 'lnm‘m'
lege Invitationals, the Danesmen Comm er " a “ways 5" now
.have a return match at mica ,0_ stand 1~3 on the year and will face
mono“, and lace New Palm Tuesday Oneonta in an away match tomorrow
in a home contest. at 1‘

Coach Joe Garcia's fresh netmen
remained undefeated by shutting out
Albany Pharmacy, 0-0, on Wednes-

technic institute with the hope of day. The fresh, 4-0, on the year,

were led by unbeaten numbers one
and two men Ron McDermott and
Marty Bergen. The yearlings take
on Cobleskiil tomorrow at home at
2:00.

Will Results

Albany State’s Women's Inter-
collegiate tennis team defeated Rus-
sell Sage on Saturday, April 30, by
a 5-0 margin.

The individual results were De-
mitri Binaris (A) def. Grace Al-
haroa (RS), 6-2, 6-3; Laurie Miller
(A) def. Barbara Rogol (RS), 6—0,
6-0; Karen Bock (A) def. Janice
AnthonyfRS), 6-0, 6-0.

Doubles results: Marty Mitchell
and Judy Mysllborski (A) def. Mary
Jo Lynch and Alice Shear (RS), 6-3,
7-5; Karen Bock and Diane Yost (A)
def. Pam Noe and Virginia Rote (RS),
6-1, 6-4.

State's Women’s Intercollegiate
softball team opened its season on
Monday, May 2, with a fine 12-9
win over Oneonta in an away contest.

State scored five runs in the fifth
inning, aided by the strong hitting
of Marty Johnson. The fine pitching
of Donna Sisca and the outstanding

fielding of Linda Lintz were also

important factors behind Albany's
triumph.

The team's remaining games are
on May 7, 14 and 17.

 

MIXTCO

today.

 

 

 

BIANIFF Inwgsganargpum.

rtiﬂ‘uumﬁsum

OFFERS YOU A CAREER

FLIGHT HOSTESS
Wear the world famous Pucci
fashion: as you fly in the most
fascinating career for women

REQUITEZMIJSTS
Age: 20 -— 21
Marital: single
Etlucnllon: ILS. graduate
Vision: 20/00 or better
Contact: ncroplablo
Conversational Splnloh desirable

First year salarly up to Mil per month
with periodic increase: to 65“ pint
liberal OIPOMI allowance.
wm'ru: TO EMPLOYMENT MGR.
BRANT?!“ INTERNATT
BOX 35001. DALLA
LOCAL TNTERVIE
DliCn'l‘lCD AT A LATER DATE.
W ~"

IN THE SKY

llciillll: 5' i" to 5' ll”
Weight; Max. 135

L.‘ T’. 0.
S. TEXAS 75235.
S TO BE CON-

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

ALBANY, new YORK 7

State ToirBootla'
Feature Variety

A variety of booths will be scat-
tered around the new campus park-
ing lot as a part of State Fair on
Saturday, May 21 from 1 to 4 in the
afternoon.

Phi Delta will have a slave auc-
tion at their booth. The sisters will I
be dressed in guises such as Mata r
Hari or Daisy Mae while a barker
will auation the girls.

A mouse race will be held at the
Kappa Beta booth. Five mice will
race against each other. Students
will place $.10 bets on the mouse
which they think will win.

The freshman and sophomore
classes will sponsor a pizza booth.

The Class of 1967 will organize
a balloon throw. Water-filled bal-
loons will be thrown at people known
around campus.

The Beta Zeta booth will be the
scene of a combination slave auc-
tion and balloon throw. Students will
throw darts at balloons containing
the numbers corresponding to those
of the girls in the sorority. The
girl will become a slave to who-
ever has punctured the balloon con-
taining her number.

 

Candied apples Wm be sold a, the at the committees termed at Central Council meeting Thursday.

Sigma Phi Sigma booth.

WSUA will provide on-the-spot
coverage of the event since they
will have a microphone and equip-
ment in the area.

The ASP will sell copies of its
Kick in the ASP issue at its booth

on the fair ground.
English at the University, has re-

T II P t t'
'   a lon'liiwfgoca ohmrhgmtmagtriztiscilihm
la Balance llllauve  .;..he....s
- ‘Universite Officiale in Elizabeth-
To Be Staged Tough 
' Because Dr. Collins is the ssco‘i‘id

Eugene fonesco‘s “La Cantrice Fulbright , ‘ ‘ atF“
Chauve” will be presented tonight and because there will be only two
and tomorrow nightataz301nDraper professors of English at the Uni-
349. The play is known in English versity, he will teach a complete
as "The Bald Soprano." it is, how- range of literature.
ever, to be presented in French and His time will be divided between
is the first of its kind to be spon- teaching English literature in the
sored by the members ofthe French Faculty of Letters to small sem-
department. lnar classes in the morning; and in
Two natives of France, Miss the afternoon he will teach spoken
Francoise Cabaret and Mr. Andre English to large classes.
Michaux, are presently teaching
in the French Department of the Large Classes
University and originated the idea The large classes are part of a
of a play enacted in Frenchinspired plan to accommodate the students,
by their acquaintance with the Par- largely students on scholarship ma-
isian Theatre. joring in law and political science,
The play is an absurd comedy who wish to have a working knowl-
whlch presents varied interests and edge of English.

Dr. Arthur Collins, professor of

gives an idea of the typical mid-

Dr. Collins plans to begin teach-

 

twentleth century theatre.

"La Cantrice Chauve" which fol-
lows the tradition of Moliere in its
laugh evoking lines also features
Ronald Brew, John Webb, Arlene

ing classes in French (the official

Bossong, Alfred Coweis and Anne
Marie Wallas. Also starring with

the students is Anita Beysang, an English Evening Committee will
Ellgllsll mﬂlUl' mid {11“U1bl'lghtslu- present its second program of the
dem' year, "As We See It: An Albany
' ' Anthology " tonight at 8:00 p.m. in

Draft Examination Brubacheiz Lower Lounge.
The program will consist of stu-
To Be in Walden dent views on campus life, profes-
sors, the English department cur-
The Salem"? SGFVlce Exa‘lll‘m" riculum and literary creations in
“0" W1“ be KlVe“ “1 “'9 Aman' general. The highlight of the eve-
Wuterbury dining room May 14, May "mg Wm beammdy enunemmvery

21 and June 3. Unlike most testing Student, ,1 Morme may.»
Gamers “'9 “35‘ Wl” take place 1“ Also included in the program will
the afternoon, rather thanthemorn- be the presentation or “The Un,
"g' tri l' b T rn Green”

Students should report to thd dln- Eivﬁgfgmsrqoéfesy U‘ W
lng room between 12:00 p.111. and Readings 1mm Edgar Lee Ma,"
12‘” p'm' 5" “m tesung may be" ter's "Spoon River Anthology" and
31" promptly m “‘30 p'm' only satires on English department fac-
Bludems WM] "um “’5‘ permits ully will be part of the program.
wm he “d"‘m°d' This progtam is different from
51”“ the "arm" 1‘5 Valid 1”" 0"” English Evenings presented in the
one of the three test dates, the stu- pas, in "ml " is a" “Hemp, ,0 re_
dent must take the test on the date “Vs “,9 original dang" of English
“'dlcaled 0" “"3 Permll- Evening, and dra'w upon faculty and

Students, Faculty to Perform
In English Evening Tonight

language of the Congo easing the,
students into English as soon as
they appear ready for it.

The University at Elizabethville
presently has an enrollment of-450
students. However, the enrollment
is expected to rise to 2,000 in the
fall of 1967 and their 1070 enroll-
ment ‘ ‘ions are close to ours.

Rapid Growth

This growth is largely caused by
the stress that has been placed on
secondary education since the Congo
received its independence from Bel-
gium in 1900.

The Unlverslte Officials presently
has University centers inLeopold-
ville and Ellzahethville, with smal-
ler technical schools operatingfrom
these centers.

Dr..Collins will be accompanied
by his wife and four children. The
family will travel in Europe on
route to and on the way home. Dr.
Collins plans to leave in August as
soon as the summer session at Al-
bany is over. Dr. Collins feels it
should be an invaluable experience,

students Joint literary efforts.

In the past few years, visiting
lecturers have generally presented
programs for English Evening.

The program is aimed at the Eng-
lish student; however, all non-Eng-
lish majors or minors are invited
to attend. A faculty-student coffee
hour will follow the program.

. . .
Socrologlst to Discuss,
Grad SchooiAdmnslons

Christos Apostle ot the Sociology
Department'will speak on “Deviant
Means of Getting into Grad School"
tomorrow at 7:80 p.m. in Bru Pri-
vate Dining Room. This program is.
designed to show that grades may
not be the most important factor
in getting into grad school.

All those contemplating grad
school should plan to attend. It is
sponsored by the members of Logos
Popularie, the Sociology and An-
thropology Club.

 
  

  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
     
  
  
 
   
 
   
   

i

  

COMMITTEE MEETING: President et Central Council, William Cleveland, talks with members et one

Dr. Arthur Collins Receives. Grant. _
For Year of Teaching in Congo I

largely because the experience of
living in a culture annot be paralleled
by studying or reading about it.

The newly inaugurated 'l '

Central Council completed
its basic organization last
Thursday when President
Bill Cleveland announced
the appointments ,of com-l
mittee chairmen and the
.composition of the com-
mittees. ,

Douglas Upham was chosen as
chairman of Finance Committee.
The members of the committee are
Jim Krusiangel, Helen Stoll, Craig
Springer, Joe Mahay, Micki Noble,
and Dr. Richard Hauser.

Election Commission will be
headed by Klileen Tracy. Servingon
the commission will be Jeff Mish-
kin, Tom Merle, Flo Riegelhaup},
Sara Kittsloy, and Tony Casale.

Vice president Vince Abramo was
named to head Student Tax Com-
mittee. Working with him are Bob
Muivey, Klaus Schnitzer, Connie
Valis and Ruth Silverman.

An ad hoc committee on the Cha-
perone Policy was formed with Joe
Mahay as chairman and Jim Whit-
ing, Laur Kurz, Marc Summa, and
Helen stoll as members.

The chairman of Solicitations
Commission is Mike Ginsburg.
other‘Tnelnbera are‘ Sol Finn, 
Oetkln, Sy Zacha'r, Nick Duke and
Mr. Neil Brown.

Representatives to the newly-
formed Capital District Intercol-
legiate Council will be Henry Ma-

de], Dick Longshore and Charlene v

Carson.

Professor to Present Paper

Dr. ~Curtis‘ Hemenway, chairman
of the department of astronomy and
space sciences at State University
of New York at Albany, will present
a paper, "Rocket and Balloon Borne
Exposure Experiments of Unpro-
tected Microorganisms in Space,"
at the Seventh Annual Space Science
Symposium in Vienna, Austria, May
11-17.

These annual symposia are held
by the Committee on Space Research
of the international Council of Sci-
entific Unions and are attended by
an international corps of science
writers for periodicals and other
news media in the United States

I

and Europe.

Dr. Hemenway, who became di-
rector of the Dudley Observatory
in 1956, has served as consultant
to the Atomic Energy Commission,
as a research fellow at Harvard
Observatory and as a consultant
to the Smithsonian Astra-physical
Observatory.

He handled the first research
team to recover imcrometsorites
with the Aeorbee-Hi rocket at white
Sands, New Mexico, and has worked
with the Meteorogicai institute of
Stockholm in sampling noctllucent
clouds in northern Sweden.

 
 

 

  
   

GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN: Student draws his class cords

Friday without waiting on any line. The line that was logged
Monday is nothing but a memory at the past. '

  
 
 
    

    
   
  

  
   
   
  

  

       
    
   
 
  
   
      
       
    
        
       
 

