 

 

 

 

 

IN SEPTEMBER 1963 over 300 irosh entered SUNYA. Here we
are on thdt lirst day. We are the Class at '67. We are the Green

Gremlins.

THEQCLiM'A‘lt (or. THE last rivalry.

"Heavenly Daze" was

Frosh Skit for rivaiiy. We were all united and full at much class

spirit :at that time.

REMEMBER RIVALRY - this one iust on — of the game that

we were in. We fought hard but lost rivalry in our freshman

year.

REMEMBER THAT TRIP TO
Thacher Park. 800 Fresh all
told to mingle but ieeling very
last and alone in a brand new
world.

‘ "HUNTER LODGE. This is the

Class Evean Recalled,
Rivalry, Skit, Motels

The next day we boarded buses bound for Thacher
Park. “Hey, are you sure we’re on the right “all?
Come on. bus 10 is beating us.” “Who the hell is Molly
Scot?” Dress casual. formal. go here, go there, mingle.
mix. Sing, sing. “We are the class of ’67...” “We are
proud to wear the Gremlin green..." .

\i'e stood and stood in line for our first registration.
“Sorry. honey. we have no proof of your scholarship._”
“Psst. put on your tax card that you were born in 194;).
instead of 1946. That’s right, the name of theplace is
Yezzi's.”

A huge bon fire kicked off Rivalry. We were certain
we would beat the Sophs. We got schleped through the
mud. won pushball (by default), got warnings. wore our
name tags and heannies. and were stopped by upper-
classmen and asked to sing. The high point of Rivalry
came on Campus rﬂght with our productionof“Heavenly
Daze."

Headed by “Pouch,” directed by Moe Glasheen.
music by Ton Bond and Connie Moquest, and starring
Miles Moody and'Dennis Martin. Well. a combination of
Laundry. Smith and West beat us out.

We came back Sophomore year, looking forward to a
new year, some ‘of us biting our nails and hoping to be
off pro. Rivalry was gone. and the age of the motel had
come to State for 600 lucky students. The Dutch Quad
became occupied as motel after motel was vacated
(together with some of the furniture). Playing catch the
bus kept many students in shape.

Frosh Weekend. Rivalry. dorm field. Vets’ field, the
T. Yezzi‘s. \\'alt’s. Jake's, Frosh andSophbeer parties,
Sing. “interlude. Homecoming, the Union. buses. and
motels — there are the things thathave made up our two
and one-half years here at SUNYA. We, the select 800,
have changed quite a hit. and many of the original 800
are no longer here.

: We arrived about mid-September way back in 1963.
We were hopeful and scared. “Now don't forgetto wear
your rubbers and umbrella when it rains. take your
vitamins. study...” “O.K. Mom. yes. I promise. yes.
no I won’t Mom. cross my heart and hope to die." \\‘ith
a sigh of relief and perhaps sorrow we got rid of our
parents.

Back at the dorms. we had our little meetings and
prepared ourselves for the long ordeii oi" changing and
going here and there, \\'e followed the claim. .ind found
out that half of us wouldn‘t make it. 1“ w 'llSL‘llSSt-‘(l that
great book of literary \\'llIlC‘lSi‘i‘tS and plzititudcs. “The
Scientist vs. the Humanist."

Our second year was marked by many of the same
activities. such as the Union. \\:ilt's. \‘t-zzi’s, ctc..
plus our first march on the Capital. It also saw the
decline and fall of Senate. \\’e were among the core
of students who worked on the constitutional revision
which led first to the transitional period of Provisional
Council and then to its final evolution into Central
Council and the commission system of student govern—
ment. \\ c now form the majority of the members of the
Council and commissions.

scone tor the Junior Weekend activities. The lodge is quite large and

hiautliul. There is skiing, skating and swimming. The lodge has a large iiruplacg and beaumui

'3": : i'10'Y.‘

 

THIS IS OUR BANNER. It is made in our colors and has our year on it. Forever let us hold our banner
high lor we are the “Class at '67 - the best at SUA."

 

III.
- l

.v\ C ROSS

in-IUILOIJb—l

. campus is

rivalry court

man skit
the “ “

lot—‘Ji', Swot-thwart
slavc (nbbi',)
_~l'iiiislii~il
(il‘i‘li’illllila‘

wc soon lit‘f'llllll‘

l'i‘osh compctition

. Jr. Swr-ct _
, tho (-oui'scs wv ('nii'l

i'ind

. day that left us last vr

10 [Q [O 1;
5' v3 16 >—‘

28.

29,

i'iivorito pnstinn-
. we're in a

the 3315.71 "st—it»

*.  of us

. now

Statc l'lllVi'l'HllV
News
only i more sonicstoi'
with these courses
the V1’ for student id'-
‘ fairs. 'l‘horno
i‘rosh skit,
_ Heavenly

. Olll‘

 

i)()\\"i\'

whore tho 1/5 of us
docsn’t cat

. director of studcnt nc—

tiVities

. Class oi' ’67

of—wn r
l'zivoi'itr‘ litw'omw.

soph’s. _'l11_‘."h'

tlic “Y”

’. oiii' guardians color

location ol'olti'\\'i*t*ki*ii(l
\i'liat iiii)Sl ol~ us fli‘t‘
l'iiinlly l‘t‘cc ol'

. plucv oi' most activity

rivalry duty

thc rust of us (soc 23
across)

in lii'u. We’re not Slip-
poncd to

lolly Juniors Reorganize' Bias,
look Forward to Sports liay

To create a greater class spirit and organization. a
questionnaire was sent around to as many members of
the Junior class as possible. With the results of the
questionnaire. the long process of uniting the class was
begun. Class spirit in September was quite low. One
reason for this was the loss of our President Denny
Phillips, who transferred to another college.

A class meeting was.held after the questionnaires
were returned. it was decided that the class would
sponsor some kind of sports event insteadofthe formal
dance usually bed as the junior event.

After several more class meetings. it was decided
to have a ski day. Lodges in this area were contacted
and Hunter proved to have the best facilities available.
Hunter has skiing. skating, and swimming. Skiing at
the lodge is possible for beginners. novice. and ex—
perts. Lift tickets with the IO’Z discount are $6.00 and
$4.50, depending on the slope. Ski rentals are $4.25

Skating at the lodge is free if you
bring your own skates. Swimming at the
lodge’s p00] costs $1.50 per person.
This ski day can be one of the greatest
@Vt'llllS to hit State. Students can go stag
or couple. and it’s open to the entire
school. Bus tickets cost $2.00 per per—
son, this price including beer for the
dnnCe at night.

There will be a BATMAN and CLAUS
skit, and the Junior Sweetheart will be
c rownc d.

Tickets for this weekend can bobouglit
in tho poi'istylos utitil 3:00 p.m. today.
They may also ho obtained from Joan
(il‘e.’lellS, Scott ()livcr. l-ioni'y {\lzidej, Sy
Zachar. Margaret Mary \\*clch, Lauren
Kurz. Alike l’ui'dy, Anna Tilton, Janis
Haynes. and Carol Churchill.

This weekend can hi: a good chance
for ll'll' many students at Sl‘NYA to try
skiing at 10’? oil with wry inoxpcnsivo
transportation. 'l‘lii- day can bu vory
ténjovnblc :Il \’I'l'_\' lilIln- omit-rise. 'l'lic
Mountain \'it'w linst-s .‘ll'tf providing thi-
bus transportation, ()nc oi" llli‘ lnisoswill
bc lt-i't :it the lodge all day i’oi' storage
but will not be locked,

The committee tot-Junior \\ookondh:is
lit-on working hard to providc rin cnioy-
:ililo ovont for tho onlii'o Silltli‘lll body.
()haporonos for tho i‘\’(‘lll are Mr.
Monaco. Mr. Fleming. Mr, Benodict and
Mr, (ini'dnci'. They are all good skiers.

 

 

ASP NEEDS HElP

 

 

THE FINALISTS FOR Junior
Sweetheart are Mary Ann Bray
(lower lelt), .loan Gresens (top
left), Lauren Kurz (middle),
Jeannie Maurer (top right) and
Anna Titlton (lower right)



BATMAN AND CLAUS will be the theme for the Junior Star.
The skit will be held at Hunter Lodge. The skit will feature
Edward Morgan as Batman, Sy Zachar as Robin. and Joan

Gresens as Santa Claus.

OFFICERS FOR THE Junior Class arc Diane
Gregory, secretary, Joan Gresens, treasurer,
and Kathy Brawu, president.

Essential Facts
7:50—arrival at DutchQuad
8: OO—cleparture from Dutch

Quad.
8:]5—pick—up students in
front of Alden Hall
9:30—arrival at Hunter
Lodge
Swimming—$1.50 per per-
son
Skating—Free if you bring
your own skates
Skiing—$4.25 for skis.
boots. and poles
$4.50 for lifts
(novice)
$6.00 for lifts
(experts)

3:00’s needed

Henry Mode), and Sy Zuchar. Absent are Scott Oliver,
Churchill. Sy Zachar and Joan Grown: wrote the Junior‘Newilg Ir

 

