 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

venee““§vaaﬁ~j,ﬂ
“\‘\‘.~

=\\I\IU“““I

7/
,\‘

\‘I§“-‘
. s.

\u\\\I-n~
41“.
' n

‘ “ ‘\v

NEW YORK SCENE: Joanne Ladmann, a streetwalker, approaches Littlechap. This isthe first time he is in New York and clashes
with each person. Others in this scene are Janice Newmark, Marilyn Ryder, Fran Hols, Nancy Broderick and Christine Smith.

Mann Directs First Production Here

The opening next Wednesday night of the State Uni-
versity Theatre production of the Newley-Bricusse
musical “Stop the World - I Want to Get Off" will see
the fusion of several of the department’s most talented
artists, many of them for the first time.

Directing the show will be’Mr. Martin Mann. A rela-
tive. newcomer to the lineup of SUT artistic directors,
Mann joined the faculty just a year ago, in February,
1965. He received his B.A. in 1961 from the City
College of New York, and went on to take master’s
degrees in English and theatre from the University in
Illinois in 1962 and 1965, respectively. His previous
directing experiences include “South Pacific,” “Annie
Get Your Gun,” “The Music Man,” and “The King
and I.”

Also taking major responsibility for the show are
Jim Lobdell and Carla Pinelli, one a stage veteran,
the other by her own admission a comparative new-
comer to the stage.

Jim, a junior theatre major. is perhaps more familiar
to State audiences than any other single figure. and with
good reason. In his career at the University, he has
played leads in productions of- “USA” “Red Eye of
Love,” “The Flies,” “Annie “Get Your Gun,” and,
most recently, “Of Mice and Men.” He portrays the in—
gratiating but grasping little man called Littlechap,
and on his shoulders falls the major burden of acting
and singing.

Helping him with the loss is Carla Pinelli, a junior
transfer student who made her State debut in Pre-
View ’65 with an operatic selection from Puccini. She
portrays Evie, Anya. Ilse and Ginny with an adeptness
belying her limited stage experience. Other than this
fall’s reception show, her previous roles included the
lead in “Carousel” and “Annie Get Your Gun.” It is
a role in which her vocal training stands in good stead.

Their daughters, Susan and Jane, are portrayed by.

Susan Heeps and Diane Bradley. also relative new-
comers to the Stage. Susan, a junior, is another gift
from another school, while Diane. a junior, appeared
with Carla and others in Pre-View ’65.

The chorus, numbering seven, is composed of Nancy
Broderick, Francine Holz, Joanne Ladmann, Janice
Newmark, Freda Scott, Christine Smith and Marilyn
Ryder. Of the seven, five — the Misses Broderick,
Holz. Ladman, Ryder and Scott — are freshmen, per-
haps an indication of what to expect from the class as
a whole.

The most inexperienced member of the cast — and
certainly through no fault of his own -- is seven—year-
old Billy Brownstein. the charming little boy who plays
Littlechap's grandson.

Perhaps the most essential part of a musical is.

of course, the music — and in the case of “Stop the
World,” that element is being provided by an unusually
well-qualified performer. Laura Walker, who previously
accompanied the Collegiate Singers and also provided
accompaniment for Pre-Views ’65, is doing her usual
excellent job of rendering a score which requires ex-
' traordinary skill and dexterity.

One of the faculty members once expressed the opin-
ion that the “stage manager is God.” “God” in the
case of “Stop the World” is Jo West, a senior drama
major who has handled her complex job with con-
summate skill.

Although the show does embody several radical in-
novations, and is billed as a “new-style” musical, Mr.
Mann is quick to point out that it is also a combination
of several age-old techniques. One is the presence of
the chorus, which. more than many other musicals,
serves the function intended for itby the ancient Greeks.
Another aspect linking “Stop the World" toolder forms
are the parallels which may be drawn between Little-
chap and Everyman. No matter what the relation to
ancient forms, it is undeniable that “Stop” has a mes-
sage for contemporary civilization well worth repeating.

 

CHASES EVIE: Littlechap chases Evie, (Carla Pinelli) on a bus

 

 

o I - -
scene he begins to sing to her “i Wanna Be Rich.” She is the bos'sy'ndgar'izh'tz'y.‘l do" mm b." I" ""5

‘ Circular Circus  ,
. T0 Dominate Studio

by D' s m. -
The opening of the 72:8; “glam University Theatre

production, “Stop the world .1 Want To Get on?! will
take place on the third and probably most dazzling of
designer RobertJ.Donne11y»s sets. At once monochro-
matic and amazingly colorful, the set re-create's the
inside of a circus tent, complete with poles. drapes,
and all the usual trappings, ['he set is unusual in itself,
apart from its design. for i is the only set used in the
show. a rare thing in musmls, The basic form Don-
nelly has utilized is a circ e, for, as the show’s main
character observes, “The thing about a circle is that
it has no beginning, and no e d.”

The costumes in which the show’s cast of twelve will
appear are likewise genre to the circus motif. Ex-
ecuted under the hand of wardrobe mistress Sue Ray-
nor, they consist of flowing Silk smocks and leotards
for the girls. leotard, bib, andoutsize pants for Little-
chap himself. Once again, as in the set, color is of the
essence. Evie, a strong and major character. wears a
bright red smoke; her (laughterS,Susan and Jane, appear
as paler copies of her in pink outfits. Susan. as the
more dominant (and less worthy) of the two. wears a
smock of deep rose pink. while the younger and more
sensitive Jane wears a paler shade. The seven mem-
bers of the chorus are attiredinidentical smocks which
are of the same hues as the set itself and all ten girls
wear bright tulle pompons.

The makeup worn by all cast members once again
continues the circus theme. Littlechap ends up looking
somewhat like Marcel Marceau in his celebrated white-
face, while Evie sports permanent tears. The bright-
eyed look on the chorus is not the result of unusual
ocular activity, but rather of the handiwork of Chuck
Bartlett and Diane Somerville, who are in charge of
makeup.

Lights for the show have proven a challenge to Mr.
Donnelly's technical skills, dust) the many hanging
parts of the set. They are being operated by Penny
Wright and Joyce Levi. An additional feature. the use
of a follow-spot to pinpoint the actors, isbeing operated
by Jay Deanahan.

The only props for the show, other than an occasional
pair of dark glasses, are seven barrels or circus
stools. striped in the predominating colors of the set
and used by the chorus in their various musical num-
bers. ,

Designed almost exclusively by Mr. Donnelly. the
show is a masterpiece of co-ordination. It represents
Donnelly’s third and probably most brilliant effort to
date since returning to his own alma mater in the fall
to assume the position of technical director of the
State University Theatre. The technical aspects of the
show alone are worth seeing, especially in the limited
facilities of the Studio Theatre.

 

‘
!
ﬂ
I
‘
I
‘
‘
i
a

 

 

REVIVAL: Littlechap leads the people of Sludgepaol in I revival session as he sings "Gonna Build A Mountain."

‘II\\\‘H‘\\\\\nmaauaaaﬂ

lobdell as littlechnp, to an. an (est,
Twentieth Century 'Everynlan’ ls Theme

“Stop the World - I Want To Get Off,” the British
musical hit that delighted Broadway audiences for 16
months, opens March 2, and 'runs through March 5,
reopening March 9. Final curtain falls March 12. All
performances will take place in the Richardson Studio
Theatre at 8:30; tickets are available at the box office
in Richardson for $1.50, or student tax.

The production stars Jim Lobdellin the kind of role
that every actor covets: he is the only man, and he is
surrounded by ten girls. This international success
came into being when Anthony Newley, the show’s co—
author and star, was negotiating for a contract with a
London producer. Angered at. Newley’s balkiness, the
director snapped, “Just what do you want?” “A one-
man show with ten girls,” Newley replied, and the pro—
ducer took him at his word. A few months later, co-
authored by his friend Leslie Bricusse, “Stop the
World” made its bow — directed by that selfsame
Newley.

Just as Mr. Newley did, Jim will portray the main

-“\“““

JOB HUN'ﬂNG, “m Lobd.“ a, Ll'ﬂgchap "1"" Fran “all, a switchboard operator, while looking for a
' iob. ~ _

1

character in the classical pantominist’s guise. Carla
Pinelli, who will be seen as the series of women in
his life, will be similarly garbed in smock ahd leo—
tards.

As his wife, Evie, she sings the witty song, “Typi-
cally English,” and is typically English. all tea-and-
crumpets. As a German housemaid, Ilsa, she repeats
the refrain in “'I‘ypische Deutsche,” which reveals a
latent remnant of Nazi notions in the typical (?) Ger-
man mind.

Similar sharp satire on national characteristics
come through her song as Anya, a robust Soviet girl
Littlechap gets involved with in Moscow - a girl who
can’t take enough time off from her football practice
to allow for a little lovemaking.

American life and customs next come in for a little
ribbing when Miss Pinelli assumes the guise of Ginny,
a gold-digging American night-club singer.

Most of the barbs of “Stop the World." however,
are directed toward the opportunism of Littlechap him-
self — revealed as a sly, dapper littleblank of a man
who elbows his way to the top with no assets other
than his egotism and his ambition. With deft humor
(and the aid of a musical number called “Mumbo-
Jumbo”), the authors show how the mediocre Little-
chap can become a respected political leader. and
even be elevated to the peerege (he ends the show as
Lord Littlechap), simply by means of adroitdoubletalk.
This life story of a twentieth century Everyman is
spiced with a number of other songs which have
achieved widespread popularity, and a humor of un—
usual width, ranging from broad to sharp-pointed,
from frivolous to stinging, in the best English music
hall tradition.

Reaching at last the final of the Seven Ages of Man,
Littlechap discovers that the wife he has so neglected
is the one he really loved all along. that he has some
of life’s most beautiful gifts in order to “succeed,”
and these realizations cue him to the soaring lament,
“What Kind of Fool Am I?” one of the most touching
songs ever to close a show.

One difficulty encountered by director Mann has been
the transplanting of English values to the American
stage, particularly in an art form so uniquely American.
Many of the forces which drive Littlechap either do not
operate on this continent, or are notso strong. Another.
and more intriguing barrier. has been that of language;
few people, for example. know that a bird is a girl or a
oncer, a pound note.

 

 

 

 

    

