 

 

v , by ﬁrms... E. gem,- _  >
Part Oflhe Truth.- Gra ville Hicks. Harcourt, Brace & Worlds. New York.
$5.95. ,r v .1 . ‘
' V d orderly book by
lie Hicks' autobiography is a lucid, honest, an ‘
a" digtllhgdlshed critic and a leader in the American literature'of‘social
’ ‘criticism that grew up in the 1930's. it (iharts.histgtepl;:fttﬁaanl 51“:
tans ession into Common sin, c
~lll;::aglllsrh"rthatﬁatisfies both his realm}: an: Bocllﬁhcmsgllﬁfllfleiblvl’l: é:
tells the story of the life he has ma e or mse m “mime. as
» iles east of Troy. As a record ofa life,, 5 , ,
Ell-“dalmatian: it is disappointing, for it is quite literally only "Part of
the Truth.” w
Partly because?!”
than he might onWi'iter-
» although he does provide
most everyone from Lincoln Ste
/ glimpses of close friends such

Chritman and Richard Rovers. ,
He concentrates on his own'pilgrimage, which began with writing for

Church’s
i ham Mass. high school paper and the Universalist
ljllasuanrlillrtlabglge's l‘Onward." After Harvard, he drifted into a “two-year

rmined not “to injure others," he says less
dcfriends who went through similar pilgrimages,
glimpses of many writers — he has known al-
ffens to Saul Bellow f and more than
as Newton Arvin, Robert Davis, Henry

i '\ nit? ML

 

 

i wonder how inlermrjl the evening discussion will be.

  vapulsvryr lax Necessar

.‘-- ﬁaime~m

Efforts were started last week by
several members of Central Council
to contact deans and student leaders
at the various other units to coordi-
nate a joint effort to make student tax
compulsory. ‘

We feel that the situation, thus far,
necessitates these actions. The budget
committee is figuring on only 75% of the

. student body paying their tax next‘ sea
master, 11% less than this semester.

The budget committee has already cut.
unnecessary items out of every organi-'
zational budget. Even with these cuts,
$11,000 more has to be slashed from
budgets.

If more than the expected income of
$100,000 is received, then the extra
money has to be reallocated to organ-
izations. This is not a workable ar-
rangement.

In order for student government and
Student Association organizations to op-
erate effectively, student tax has to be
made compulsory.

Programs of quality cannot be planned
by organizations unless they know how
much money they will have to work with,
and this can only be accomplished if
student tax is compulsory.

Actions Immature

We were appalled by the infantile ac-
tions of individuals in painting asslnine
slogans on the Cave walls Wednesday
afternoon. Undoubtedly this was done to
protest the removal of the old tables
and chairs from the Cave.

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED

BY THE CLASS 0' WI!

The Albany Siuon‘t‘P:o:s is o sembv‘vuli'ly "swipapor published by the student body ol the State University 0' New York
at Albany. The ASP olllce, located In Room 5 of Brubochor Hall at 750 State Street, is open irom 7-ll p.rn. Sunday through
i

t Smith
" f stud for the ministry and then found himself teaching a
w ' ghlioudas:ally abswering “No” When a student asked in class whether he
believed in' God. One wishes he had looked more deeply into the springs of
his belief, and disbelief, and related them to his New England traditioiis.
we did hOt aplﬂ'emhte the removal Of The pilgrimage continued, through rather feverish antd cfclltgagroggsonng
bl 'ther but defacing the walls and fellow traveling to joining the Communist_Par y n .1 L a
the ta es el ' i sketches the influences — the writers and friends who were mov ng e ,
is not an intelligent way Of rexPress ng the effects of the depression. He was teaching at RPl at the time and re-
dl Tova] members staring out the train window between Troy and Albany at the
this supp . I i deed this upset “Hooverville that had grown up by the tracks, wondering what life could
If ifs: igudentthsetzrfr: many officials be like in those shacks made ofpacking boxes and hunks of corrugated iron
'over e a es, .
in the University to whom they could

and odds and ends of cardboard and cloth." The decision to join the party,
he writes, “was much the semis: mytdecision to gamma: n’ii\r:lihslt:lr:1sl
foos no ooonese .
have carried their complaints. 233.:ﬁln‘imlongl2:323:33... Was he draw'n, as he later suggests, to the
Ingmad‘theyvhave Shown themselvesw “comfbrting certainty” with which Marxism seemed to answer all ques-
Ybe eXtremely immature and ShortSightedo tions? One wishes he were able to laugh more heartily at the irony he
- f' h has 5 “ed the notes only dryiy here: that at the same time he was taking the big stop to
and the”. 56] ls “658 W the Left he was also becoming a property owner, of the farmhouse in
room for others who used-to enjoy gOing Grafton.
there ' ' ' A He was a Communist four years, and always, he suggests, Sgtmetthnizg
., ' ' I , t , I a
We ‘10 '10? feel that the UmVers‘ty it]$2123?"in?"i..‘§‘i§i§."§§§§.i3i"i£ iiiriieﬁ's‘é‘ii’i‘iiﬁi‘ify as a... 0”.
Sho‘ﬂd assume any responsmihty to re- some other tax-Communists. He got off the Communist train after the
' paint the room. We do feel that those Hitler-Stalin pact of 1939 and came to rialllizg he baa: bieporgzgiéayﬁgaﬁy
responsible for the painting should make 5:21 {lgmﬂffgs slat; gigs an evil position. e 085 no 9 p
‘1 Sincere EPOIOEY to the entire Umver- Recovery from this second “detour” was hard and Hicks fougtlﬁ filout
e restitution for the courageously. Apparently the strain did not tell on his nerves un a ew
any and make am}; years ago. He thought his way to the "criticaliiberalism"he rather
damage they have ne' sketchily defines here; to a roster view of America (“1 was not greatly
s e F . alarmed even by the bugaboo of conformity. Most people, it seeme’<,i)tot me,
were expressing themselves more freely than ever before... ; can
 agnostlcism “in much more than the theological series." He feels he has
outgrown the intolerance he was born with, the “intolerance of the intel-
Although many dates and events are lectual ... the peculiarly intense intolerance of Commprgsm.” “h h
' . r0 hout the ear He learned tolerance he says from the villageso rafton, w W cm
halled by SPUdents th hug th yt SE he worked for school ce’ntralizatlon, a library, and a fire district. This
the one Whmh has per aps e grea e book achieves a remarkable integration of his small town life and his
influence 0“ aetiOhs as we" 9-5 thought life in the grander world of ideas. The friends who visited his home in-
' bany newspaper-
occurred at 8:53 p.m. last Sunday. It IS, clude not only literary celebrities but also villagers, Al
~ ~ men a Roman Catholic priest with whom he argued over the Spanish Civil
Of course’ the begmnmg 0f Shrmg' , War: From his hilltop home he has enlivened the culture of the Capital
There seems to be somethmg magical District: planning radio book shows, gﬁttllnlg embroi}ed 3‘13 éewlfrlggments,
' s hich waft about teaching some housewives to write e p ng organ ze e an a s r c
about the mlld breeze w ~ Friends of SNCC. He has never set’himself up as the sage of Grafton, but
(1 th f their stud-
Students to raw em rom prefers to think of his career as one in“literaryjournalism."(This
193 as the pied Piper drew the rats from designation may also reflect a pride inhavlngmade the literary and teach-
Hamlin All faces reflect the same ing grade — he has also taught at Harvard and NYU — without going through
' - . the Ph.D. mm.)
dreamy exPressmns .Whlle prOfessors lie reports objectively on how he wrote "The Great Tradition," “John
hope that everyone W111 return to “01" Reed," "Small Town," his novels and other books, and his criticism for
ma] before finals, the “New Masses,” then the "New Leader," and now the “Saturday Re-
th h th - 0 on the view.” He has hard second/thoughts about some of the things he has writ-
Even oug ere ls sn w ,, , ten, especially about his "hopelessly narrow" way in the 80's ofjuriging
ground. there 15 Sprmg m the air- [hat 5 literature politically. But he insists he was not so dogmatic as some critics
all that matters. No matter how many
springs an individual experiences, the
season still retains its powerful hold.

said he was, and he straightens out the record on some nasty charges.

Perhaps it's unfair to want a man who calls himself a literary jour-
nalist to be something of a sage, and poet, as well, to dig deeper into the
why as well as the how of his life. He argues that no man can tell the
“whole truth" and that he has little talent for the "evocative, poetic sort
of autobiography" that can be too long and demanding of readers. lie was
a tired man in his 60’s when he wrote this book, and he did achieve his goal
of seeing his lifn "whole and... objectively." But some flashes of insight
and some burslc nf lively writing, about the Grafton countryside and about
friends, suggest he may have sold himself short and that his imagination
might have seen more of the meaning of that life.

COMMUNICATIONS i

MAY me

 

1...

 

. ma _-~Mw...w ...~.~.............. .\ MM~-__W-W

Thursday nights. The ASP may be reached by dialing 434~403

RAYMOND A. MCCLOAT
Sports Editor

EDITH S. HARDY
Executive Editor

DON OPPEDISANO
Associate Sports Editor

EILEEN MANNING
Senior Editor

Desk Editor-

Assl stout Business Manager
Cs-“

JOSEPH S. SILVERMAN
Editor-in-Clviol

PATRICIA E. SIPLO MARGARET DUNLAP

Feature Editor News Editor

LARRY EPSTEIN SrNDRA ROSENTHAL
Arts Edilor Business Manager

WALTER POST NANCY FELTS
Photography Editor Associate Editor

CHARLENE M. CARSON LORRAINE R. BAZAN
Public Relations Editor Technical Supolvuor

an... Chapa, kvrstun Hustod
Michael Purdy

 

M«lcom Provoel Richard Kosc, Marl: Cunningham, Nancy Micdcnbcuor,
Bob Wantor, Bill Schriltmon, John Sprou, Linda Brogmun, Stove ,
Coral Altschlller, Linda Duliy, Soru Kitlnlcy, More Pcloito, Madeline Schnabel
mono Somervllle, Jone Schneider, Harry Nuckola, Douglas Rothgeb,
Gordon Upham, Bob Merritt, Roger Borlun

Toe Moon Lee, Lewis Tichler, Stuart Lubert, Robert Stephenson

 

Photograph-ti

All enmmunlcotlons must be
end are subject to editing.

addressed to the editors and Would be signed. Communications should be limited to 300 word!
The Albany Student Prosl assumes no responsibility in: opinions expressed in Its columns

or cmunlcotione no such expressions do not necessarily reliect its views.

Coverage of Bach Aria

To the Editor:

For myself, for the Music De-
partment, and I feel certain for the
Music Council, I want to express
appreciation to the Albany Student
Press for the splendid publicity
given to the recent concert by the
liach Aria Group last Saturday night.

This assured the tremendous
turnout and the opportunity for the',
University community to hear one
of the great eventstimilmsoccurred'
on Campus. The ovation given to the
artists, particularly by the students
who were probably not familiar with
this musical style, indicated thsim-
pact of such a quality performanc
on an audience. ’

For the University student the op-
portunity to experience such a cul-
tural event is a rare one vital to

development of a range of cultural
interest.
’ Sincerely yours,
Charles F. Stokes,
Professor of Music
Department Chairman

Lauds ASP

To the Editor:

Only too often do State students
complain about their paper because
it has not given sufficient coverage
to their activities. it would be un-
usually refreshing if, for a change,
someone commended the ASP for a
job well done.

I want to take this opportunity
to say "thanks" to the ASP for the
tremendous coverage given to the
Bach Aria Group. Those of us who
attended the concert found it to be
worth every column inch.

Jim Stewart

.

PROADWAY ACTRESS: in a recent interview actress Lee Rem-
ick, star of "Wolf Until Dark" explained the difficulties of
characterization.

Long hot summers, anatomy,
murders, days, wine, roses, waiting,
darkness - after reading the above
list of seemingly unrelated words,
one might wonder if this writer has
finally gone mad.

I must say in my own defense,
however, that i am still in posses-
sion of at least 90% of my marbles,
and that the list most definitely has

, a central point of focus. A very

beautiful and intelligent point, i
might add in the person of Lee
Remlck.

‘ The words are suggestive of, or
portions of titles of shows in which
Miss Remick has appeared. Won-
derful, so now what? in all honesty,
it must be confessed at this point
that all the foregoing merely con-
stitutes a lead-in for a description
of an interview which i had the

‘Mogniﬁcent Men’ Supercomedy
Typically TOO Much .Of Good Thing

I , . b Dou los Roth eb
The ‘trduble gwith mgst super- “9"” c°m°d7
comemes today, sud, as "The Ham “Those Magnificent Men in Their
elujah Tm“, “It's aMad’ Mad, Mad, Flying Machines” is atypical super-
Mad’ world," and “Those Magnh comedy. It is 2 hoursand 24minutes
ﬂcem‘ MelnlntheirFlyingMachmes: long (with intermission), and was
or How I Flew from London to Paris mmea 1" Toad A'0 and Dem" C01"
1,, 25 Hours and 11 Minums’u “we (the same ingredients used for Liz
from the fact that many of them Taylor's “C190palm'”)- “concerns
have incredibly long titles, ,5 ma, a mythical Great Air Race from
they are often too much of a good London to Paris 1“ the year 1910-
mm; The "magnificent men," of course,
The makers of such super-scale are the 93$“ mung “yers Who
epic comedies, among them such hope to copthe Grand Prizer$5°r00°
notables as Stanley Kramer and worth. There are ayoung English-
John Sturges, have come it seems ma" (James FOX) and a“ American
to the foregone conclusion that if daredevu (Slum Whitman), who,
drama and adventure can find a When they are not ﬂying: are bow
home Wm, Cinemma and the wide after the hand (as well as the rest)
screen, so can comedy. Not so. of Sarah Miles, daughter of the
Blgness a la the three-paneled newspaper tycoon Who ﬁnances the
Cinerama screen might provide the race' “we” Morley-
necessary scope for an adventure here 15 Very 1m" comedy 1“
mm, but u can't make a comedy "Magnificent Men" that is not the
better merely by making It bigger. broadest of slapstick. There is not
And since most people would rather an ounce of subtlety in the film,
see a good “little comedy,” then and though you may ask. “"1395
there canbeliitle argument against Wrong mm “m' ""1955 you can
the premise that Clnerama and Super stand broad Slapsuck’ or even 9131"
Panavislon are notonlyunnecessary Old slapsmk for two and a ham
for a comedy film: but also Often hours without yearning for a re-
detrimental to the overall comic spite’ you may “I‘d “Magniﬁcent
effect. Men” to be just too much of a good
A number of the drawbacks 0, thing. Admittedly, the slapstick
supercomedles can here be d,5_ itself is in the very best tradition,
cussed: First, there is the element and were are many ﬁne moments
of time. A spectacular widescreen in the film (such as the duel with
epic is, practically by 1,5 own dab blundei'busses fought from baloons
niilon, supposed to be long. over a sewage can“)! bl” as a
If u wasn’, 1, woman” he a super whole the film is, to this reviewer,
adventure, 3 super comedy, 0,, a adefinite disappointment.
super anything, for that matter.
And the supercomedy, like anycom- class“: F|°ws
edy that is too long, can easily lose AS we” as “lawn”; a“ the
its comic steam after a while. 018551“ ﬂaws or the supercome‘ly
Secondly, the bigcomedy,cnucagaiu “Those Magniﬁcent Mel", sports
by its own definition (andlapologize some bad poms 0" “5 am" PM'
for explaining the obvious) is forced maruy' were is altogemenoomucn
to be mg m Scope‘ time spent, rather, wasted in pre-
This factor not only limits the pam'g for the gs'hour 3”“ 11'
mm to the types of comedy I, can minute flight, and the race itself
put across (slapstick being the only occupies 9”” "he 13“ 20 m. 25
type of humor posslme), but (USU minutes of the film. A number of
the size of the film and thcexti'ava- the player!" Oswelme “155 MUCS'
gum 50,5 and scenery “In, mus, g0 seem nervous and self-conscious.
with such a comedy will lend to There is hkmvh‘u u gm)“ deal or
distract the viewer’s attention away overacu.“g' .“m u mu“ 1” use” I“
from the jokes_ The “mm”. “I an a Slapstick film of normal duration,
fect, will be drowned out by the but annoying over a period 0! mo
vistas_ and a half hours.

 

. The final criticism the most
YAMAHA SPORT SCYCLES angry criticism, must blc lodged not
against what the film did do, but
what it failed to do. As imaginative

and witty as its lmsic idea sounds,

~ales scrvrcc parts

not put in the script, because the
main idea of the film -- that of a
wacky air race between madcap
pilots -- is highly imaginative. One
might expect to see a really wild,
no-holds-barred aerial free-for-ail
with everybody trying to blast the
other fellow out of the sky.

But, with the exception of Terry-
Thomas as the all-too-conventional
bad guy who tries to win by playing
dirty, the race itself is just about
as conservative as one would dare
to imagine. And without the hilarious
antics of Gert Frobe, the German
officer learning to fly the hard way,
the race itself would not be worth
the watching.

There is a certain nostalgiaabout
the film, of course, and grandma
might enjoy seeing all those vintage
planes go by. The undiscriminating
filmgoer likewise mlghtenjoyit, and
find the slapstick just to his liking,
but the discriminating filmgoer is
hereby warned that his funnybone
may not so much as vibrate from

seeing "Those Magnificent Men in ‘

Their Flying Machines.”

rilstic In?

mar fortune to conduct with who
Remickin her dressing room after
the fine March 18 performance of
“Wait Until Dark," the Broadway
play in‘which tlie'actress stars.

After, playing Susy Hendrix, a
blind. girl, Miss Remick made me
aware that it took weeks of rehearsal
to achieve the desired quality of
her character.

That is, Susy, the lead character,
must be portrayed as an handicapped
individual; however, this must be
achieved strictly so that the play
doesn't develop blindness as its
central theme. Miss Remick felt her

character to beanintalligent,sensi-”

live person whorls aware of her en-
vironment in those aspects.

During our codyersation, Miss
Remick told me thatfater she makes
her first appearance, Ehe is_ on stage
until the play ends. The actress said
that this presented a difficulty in
that her character had to be more
interesting than would be required
under other conditions. She had to
make Susy interesting beyond the
scope of the situation in which she
was irwolved,

Portroys Blind Character

How does one learn to portray a
blind character? Miss Remick
achieved this through study. She
went to the “Lighthouse” an insti-"
tutlon to help train the blind to live
normal lives. Here she observed
the actions of blind persons, and
even was blindfolded herself and
trained by the staff as they would.
train a blind person.

To my somewhat improper ques-
tion, -"Do you feel that the major
critics evaluated your show fairly?" ,
Miss Remick replied with astraight .
"No," and elaborated by sayingthat
they missed the point. She felt that

'they were V blyt  ‘looldﬁl' ' “
"for' hpies iri'the plot melon
grasp fell the ideas which in
"answerable during the play.

She further“st that the tics
failed to see now other mun-um
like this sus ones-thriller type of
play even if e critics didn’t halts

the personal} taste needed for it.
‘ ,r _ ' *

. More“:l'hori.‘Acnese 

l was happy to find that Miss
Remick is much more than an ec-'~
tress. She told me that acting,-
while having ,.’a ,husbe'ndp Bill ‘ Colo r
leran (who is a producer-director)"
and two children, Kate, set/en, and

Matthew,- four, is difficult, because; I v

her time is frequently not her own.
it is obvious how Miss Remick feels
about her family, because when she
spoke of them, her face brightened
more than at any time during the
interview, and her eyes sparkled
with an inner joy which I'm sure
even she was unaware of.

Intelligent and Well-Spoken

Lee Remick is without question.
a star: because of her many super-
latives. She is intelligent and well-
spoken. She has the beauty ,to be
merely a sex-symbol, but uses her
excellent acting talent to be much
more. She is gracious and consid-
erate, graceful and friendly, warm
and casual. I’m not describing a

r-Boy Scout, but giving you a re-

strained view of Lee Remick.

For all of you who will be in
New York during Spring recess, 1
strongly suggest as a drama critic
that you set aside a few hours and
enjoy yourself by seeing “Wait Un-
til Dark" at the Barrymom'e Thea-
tre. You will see Lee Remlck suc-
ceed at henmagnificent best.

 

Writes all types

HO 5-1471

 

JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNCW IT

ART KAPNER
LIFE — AUTO — FIRE

Hospitalization
75 State Street

of. insurance

HO 2-5581

 

 

DESK LAMP

 

all models In Hock

pIchs sion at 5.249

d/ .JETT AUTO SALES, lNC
lOlZCcntrol Avenue

 

if is u very conventional fllm.'l‘hcro
is not a single situation, a single llll
of slapstick that is not reminiscent
of, or a direct copy of, every Mack
Selmott stunt ever done on the
screen. It is a shame that more
Imaginative comedy material was

 

(lungs, Bulova

:Jtuuvmni Pion

 

S TU YVESANT JE WELERS

'Home of Distinctive Jewelry and Gifts'

Wdlace

Large Assortment of Pierced Earrings

Watch and Jewelry Repair
Headquarters for College Jewelry

Student Charge Account Available

linemationd Sterling

Diomondu Set While-U-Wuiv

lV 9-0549

 

 

Shade Swivels 360 Degrees

WALL LAMP

STA TE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

Draper Hall

135 Western Ave.

NEW! llOYD’S 5-WAY

leii-Pvrpose

HIGH INTENSITY [AMP

Sale Priced $11. 95

Has Hi—Lo Selector Switch

Choice of Decorator Colors

FLASHLIGI i'l‘

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

NlGl'lTLIGHT

FLOODLIGHT

Ext. 129

 

 

 

 

