   

  
 

  

  
 
  
   
 

    

   
 
   
   
  
  

    
   
 
 
 
   
    
  
  
   
  

  
   
 

  
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
   
 
 

  
 

 
 
  

be me An
‘W re None,”-which, besides appear-
ltori‘n, has been once

and have twice filmed. The

 

late" reinforce-c the original title

, and was in flcent film. ,
The latest version, titled “Ten
Little ladi s not amagniiicent
' you a magnificent

  
 

1. . . .i not

" remake. But it is a fairly engross-
ing, if routine, treatment of the
classic mystery tale.

 

Few‘lnnovatlons

Scriptwriters Peter Yeldham and
Peter Welbeck have kept rather re-
ligiously to the original story lines,
offering only a few innovations of
their own. ' '

The most conspicuous oi theseis,
of course, the “Whodunit’Break,”
which allows the audience a moment

‘ * oi repose in which to contemplate
the grisly events and guess who the
murderer is.

One most inevitable change from
the original film is the inclusion of
that universal symbol of the modern
age, the rock ’n roll crooner, as one
of the ten persons mysteriously in-
vited to the palatial abode 'of Mr.
U. N. Owen.

The locale of the story has been
“jazzed-up" a bit as well, for now
the action takes place in an isolated

em 7 .
first celluloid version, done in the

    

alpine ettate accessible only by
cable car. Thatmakes everything
much heater, for now'an Mr. Owen.
has to do is cut the cable lines to
completely isolate the “scene of
the crimes."

Unpunishsd Murders

With 'the exception of the rock 'n
roll singer (Fabian), the "lndians"
still represent that, same cross-
section of unpunished murders who
are lured to their deaths by a one-
man judge, jury and executioner.

la .the group are a general (Leo
Genn), an actress (Dalian Levi), a
physician (Dennis Price), a detec-
tive (Stanley Holloway), a luscious
secretary (Shirley Eaton), an engi-
neer (Hugh O'Brien), ajudge (Wil-
fred Hyde-White) and two servants
(Mario Adori and Marianne Hoppe).

From the moment the ten gather,
discover that they are all strangers
and wonder where their mysterious
host is, the plot' begins to thicken.
There are all sorts oi lovely deaths
taking place — by gun, knife, rope,
cyanide and hypodermic syringe.
And as each of the guests meets
his untimely end, Mr. U. N. Owen
nimbly ttptoes into the dining room
and breaks off a little Indian fig-
urine from the circle oi ten that
adorns the dinner table.

Proppr Climax

As you would expect, the events
lead to a proper climax, at which
point the real killer is discovered.
This is followed by a plot twist
which straightens everything out

a.

 

 

.r

per With the‘Christ'in"story, he
could at least have‘iniprovedon his
film technique. . s‘ .,  *

His direction is at best flat and
conventional. Rarely does he‘attempt
s bissare camera angle, or for-that
matter, any inventive technique for
heightening oi suspense.

  

Mediocre Existence

He is content to keep the pace-

stoady and the mystery conventional
and in doing so has condemned the
film to a mediocre existence. What
could have been an eerie and ter-
rifying film emerges as "just ano-
ther remake.”

it is not abad film, as whodunits »

go, for it does keep a steady pace,
never falling to provide enough hints
and phony leadsto keep the audience
guessing. The "Whodunit Break" at
the end is also an asset, an ingen-
ious gimmick that helps the audience
refresh their memories about how
each of the people meet their ends.

Shirley Eaton Competent

The acting as a whole is fairly
pedestrian. There is no real stand-
out performance in the film, but
Shirley Eaton and Hugh O'Brien
are quite competent in their roles.
Marriane Hoppe's and Fabian’sact-
ing is the worst of the lot, but
luckily, both are killed off early in
the film. The latter performer
should seriously consider another
vocation.

To anyone who has seen the orig-
inal version of this film I will offer
a warning, for this new film does

 
   
 

  

ln-Cﬂl' Di!an ' UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS.
Pig“: wt.“ CHGROVI, Shrimp, (Miran-Wdcomplelionolatleattlysavolcollege)
Sausage, ’etc. GRADUATE STUDENTS and FACULTY MEMBERS

________.___.._.———
Also Chick'n, Shrimp and
Rib Dinners
DELIVERED FREE IN ALBANY

(2 dinner minimum)

"Y P
Get One Frle'e )
Phil-"37:23 T5132
PIZZA G'LORE

From Chick'n G'lore
Free Delivery to New Campus

and brings the film to a proper
conclusion. That is the formula,
anyway. That is the way it is al-
ways supposed to be done.

If Director George Pollack had
deviated even a little from "the
way it is supposed to be done,” he
might have come up with a superior
film. Even if he did not wish to danlt.



 

  

       
 

 
 
 
 
  

die Atlantic States and Canada.

 

 

230 Washington Avenue Write, Phone, or Call in Person
(neat Lark) Association of Private Camps — Dept. C
 Maxwell M. Alexander, Executive Director

   
    

 

55 West 42nd Street, OX 5-2656,

not begin to approach the calibre of
"And Then There Were None.” But
to the theatregoer who hasn't seen
the original and doesn't know what
he’s missed, i do not hesitate to
recommend "Ten Little Indians"as
an interesting and well-paced who-

ri-‘CAMP COUNSELOR OPENINGS"

THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS
. . . comprising 350 outstanding Boys. Girls, Brother-Sister "
and Co-Ed Comps. located throughout the New England. Mid-

. . . lNVl‘i'ES YOUR lNQUiRlES concerning summer employment as Head
F‘ ' Group Leaders. Specialties. General Counselors.

New York 36, N. Y

 

 

Five ideal dates.

Three dollars(‘3

Join in the most adventurous experiment of our time. Opera-
tion Match. Let the IBM 7090 Computer (the world’s most perfect
matchmaker) stamp out blind dates for you.

Two Harvard juniors started it. 100,000 students have done it.
Now you and 3,400,000 college students in 1500 colleges in 50
cities can sign up and join in!

Just send us the coupon. We’ll send you the Operation Match
Quantitative Personality Projection Test pronto!

Then return the questionnaire with $3.00. What you’re like
and what you like will be translated into our 7090's memory ﬁle.
It will scan the qualiﬁcations of every member of the opposite sex
from this geographic area. Then it will select the five or more
matches best for you.

You'll receive your names, addresses and telephone numbers
within three weeks. You‘ll be what your date is looking for. Your
date will be what you are looking for. In other words: the matches
will be mutual.

 

Dear IBM 7090, :
I am 17 or over (and 27 or under) and I want to help stamp
out blind dates. So mail me my questionnaire. Quick!

 

Numo Si‘hOOl

 

Slnto ’/.ip Cotlc

Address City

Operation Match

Computability Research. inc.
all Massachusetts Avenue. Cambridge, Massachusetts

   
   
   
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
       
     
  

1
\\

it

..
41v

l: |
. 1"HITS ,
or; , llluli’ﬂ _ 

“We I 0L0 A T MORE 0 Mraoone WHEN
'el'riixlzreg can/ma 'OPEN 900KB TEGT‘S. // I

'Herlog’ (Succeed: Despite
lock of Profound Morality

by Dr. M. E. Gronander

ll

    
  

 

    

‘6

Saul Bellow. Ilcrzug. Now Yor/t: Thf‘ Viking Pres-x. 1964. 35.75.

“Herzog” has been widely acclaimed as the best work of the finest
novelist of our generation. Whether this bouquet of critical plaudits is
justified or not, “Herzog's” appeal to contemporary readers is not hard
to understand, for its central character has all sorts of attributes which
are beguiling to the modern audience: he is aJew--a meInber of that
perenislly fascinating group whose tenacity, brilliance, and resiliency has
awed generations of observers; he is anacademic--a Ph. D. from the Uni-
versity oi Chicago and a practicing historian; he has gone through two di-
vorces; and-~by no means his least interesting trait to this psychoanalytic
age--he is a neurotic. Put all these together and you have Moses Elkanah
Herzo .

The plot is a plot of character, and the incidents and episodes of the
novel are controlled by Herzog's passage from a depressive state whose
most marked symptom is graphomania to one _where he has attained “calm
oi mind, all passion spent." Herzog's neurosis has been activated by his
divorce from his second wife, Madeleine; her lover, Gersbach (an upstate
New Yorker, incidentally, whose alma mater was Oneonta), had been Her-
zog’s best friend. Madeleine is as fascinating in her way as is Herzog--
beautiful, brilliant, and sadisticaily cruel in a way that cunnineg comple-
ments Herzog’s own masochism. Unfortunately, through the divorce has
been legally consummated, Herzog is still emotionally bound to his ex-
wiie, but the ties are of hatred and not of love. Until he has worked through
these ties, he cannot settle down to any kind of lasting relationship with
his current mistress, an attractive New York ﬂorist named Ramona.
And Herzog’s sense oi burning injustice at the treatment he has received
at Madeleine's hands is somewhat marred by the knowledge that she has
treated him no worse than he himself treated his first wife, Daisy.

“Brotherhood is what makes a man human," Herzog tells his friend
Luke Asphalter. But this awareness on his part is a purely intellectual
one; he himself is a stubbornly narcissistic egotist. The novel begins in
Ludeyville, Massachusetts, a tiny village in the western Berkshires not
too far from Albany, with Herzog compulsively writing the letters with
which he is trying to salve the raw spots of misery left by his divorce.
“If I am out of my mind," he reﬂects, "it’s all right with me. . . . He
had fallen under a spell and was writing letters to everyone under the
sun." Throughout much oi the novel, he is in a state of hypomanic excite-
ment: “characteristically, he was determined to act without clearly
knowing what to do, and even recognizing that he had no power over his
impusles." By the end of the book, he is back in Ludeyville. But in the
meantime he has found peace, and the last three sentences read: "At
this time he had no messages for anyone. Nothing. Not a single word.”

Between these two episodes, Herzog, in a search for his own equi-
librium, moves about in three worlds: that of academe (centered on
Chicago: “That's the school," one character says, “for graduate stud-
ies”); that oi the Big City (New York and Chicago); and that of the lonely
little New England backwash (Ludeyvillo).

lierzog’s ambiance is American Jewry, particularly as it operates
in Chicago. Nearly every character in the novel is Jewish, and Herzog is
very aware of many subtle gradations in the hierarchical relations among
the people he knows. lie is pained by the vulgarity of Gersbnch’s particular
brand oi Yiddish, which belongs to a lower social stratum than lierzog’s
Yiddish; and he is snobhish about the distinction between a German Jew
from ,Kenwood and a Russian Jew from Chicago’s West Side. Much of the
subtle humor in the novel operates from the interplay among all these
various groups. Bellow even turns prejudice on a larger scale to pur-
poses oi humor, as when, in one delightful non-soqultur, llerzog suddenly
blames all the troubles of Amerlan minority groups ("the Micks and the
Splcks and the Sheenies") on the fact that the government, about 1880,

gave land away to the Wasp-dominated railroads.

llerzog is not completely admirable. For example, there are indica-
tions Madeleine was quite right when she charged him with being so

wrapped up in himself he lmd very little awareness of her interests. lie
vncillales—-without even being aware that he is vaclllattng--between bo-
lleving that she is getting her Ph.D. in Slavonic languages and in Russian
religious history, than resents the fact that she finds an intellectual dis-
cussion with another mnn stimulating. And he is often a little‘ridiculous--
a kind of Jewish J. Alfred Pruiroek. But what saves him from being an
unattractive figure is his self-awareness; he is unspuring in facing up to
the limitations oi his own character. This objectivity \about himself is
supported technically by an artful use of a mode of representation which,
although it concentrates on the mind of Herzog, alternates between first-
nnd-third-person points oi View. _ -‘

It must be said, finally, that “lierzog” lacks the subtleties of charm
actor analysis and the profound moral awareness of anovel by Henry
James or William Faulkner. Yet, in god by the standards of the con-
temporary best-seller. it is certainly very good, and it Mountain to tell
us about man's plight in .the mid-twentieth century as perceived by a

 

 

  

sensitive and intelligent pdrtlcipant in theltie orourtime, - _: . .

 

 

   
    
 
    

wﬂw _,—___ _____~_ .___

 

 

A/F' . ‘
A Free
'University

 

 

 

 

 

 

Photo by Post

SCENE FROM "TROJAN WOMAN": Gretchen Kano performs in
"The Troicn Women" in Page Hall, Monday. '

Four Faculty Members

Given $65.7 00 in Grants.

Research grants totaling$65,700

have been awarded by the National
Science Foundation to four faculty

members at the University. Two of

the grants are for work in Chemis-
try and two are for work in atmos-
pheric sciences.

The four members are Dr. Henry
Kuivlla, chairman of the Chemistry
Department; Dr. Vincent Schaefer,

research director of the Atmos- '

pheric Sciences Research Center;
Dr. William Closson, associate pro-
fessor of chemistry and Dr. Nara-
ynn Gokhale, chairman of the De-
partment of Earth and Atmospheric
Sciences.

Grant at $28,800

Dr. Kuivila received a grant of
$28,800 for the support of research
entitled “Free Radical Studies In-
volving Group IV Organometalllc
Hydrides."

The objective of the research is
to learn more about the chemical
behavior of free radicals which are
a class of molecules which par-
ticipate in chemical processes such
as combustion and the formation of

plastics, drugs and agricultural
chemicals.
Sung-Kong Huang is currently

collaborating in the research. Next
full, Dr. Richard Somnel‘ or the
Justus Liebig University in West
Germany will join the project as a
postdootoral research associate.

Dr. Clusson was awarded $14,500
to do work on a project entitled
"Oriented ion Pairs in Sol Re-
actions."

The research program involves a
unique method of generating pairs
of oppositely charged ions with
known Eitiiilﬂl sdbsequenl reactions
is oi fundamental importance in un-
derstanding one of the more impor-

Organization
Members

All organizations which are ii-
nanced by Student Association, in
whole or part, must turn in a list
of all activeor participating mem-
bers to Douglas Upham via Student
Mail.

All members of organizations fl.
nanced in whole or part by Student
Association must have paid or must
now pay their student tax.

actions. .. .
Significance

chemiétry and biochemistry.

Dr. Gokhale will study the “ice
Formation by Contact Nucleation,"

with a $16,500 grant.

This method of contact nucleation

appears tobeimportantasapossible quality for entrance into the city

explanation oi
groups] and froson pellets near the
edges of clouds. The research is
helpful in trying to devise cloud
seeding techniques.

Dr. Schaefer's grant of $0,100 is
for the support of the “Sixth inter-
national Conference onCondensation
Nuclei” which will be beldin Albany
and University Park, Pennsylvania
during May 1966.

The Statesman will be featured
Sunday, March 20 as part of the
third performance of student talent
sponsored by insight Series. The
all male singing group will perform
in Bruhacher Lower Lounge at 8:30
p.m.

MARCH l8, W“

W Juno Schneider

conviction, students’

civil rights.

Capitol Park.

students.

in New York State.

City Molly of ill
Students to March
in Capitol Tuesday

A march on Albany will bé'held by
students from the City University of
New York Tuesday, March 22. They
come for any of several motivating
reasons: civil liberties, religious
rights, and

They will arrive on buses prior
to the start of the march at 2 p.m.
and they will march until 5 p.m.
Following, there will be a rally in

The issues are of deep concern
to all students who are aware of
their responsibilities to 50ciety as

in addition, the central issue es-
pecially affects State University stu-
dents by its particular application
to the relationship between the leg-
islature and the State Universities

The sponsors of this march feel

Dr. Curtis Hemenway

 

Golden Eye to Hold
Panel on Apartheid

The Golden Eye ‘will feature a.
panel discussion of the U. S. gov-

tant types of organic chemical re-

The information gained would be
of theoretical and practical signi-
ficance in the fields of organic

Laboratory studies will be under-
taken to investigate the possibility
if causing ice formation in a super- Through
cooled water drop by allowing it to state-wide system of pre-bacca-
come in contact with a dry particle. laureate programs for high school

the formation of and state universities Negro stu- leaves U,

that pressure on the state govern-
ment is the most likely way to ob-
taighthe desired ends. tonight
ese are the issues: '
c“Dathde rteturn of free tuition iothe T533: p: “2:83:12,ugﬁétldﬁﬂﬁanmggge
n ' ’ -
2y) . foliidii‘lﬁiimt? m. l. m“, D“ 9°“ SW55 W“ m“
crease of enrollment of Negro Stu: gin bornmember ofthe Mathematics
dents in city and state universities; pasta”: gghkhalxlfrgén53:32:11,? :1
,
MIT.

ernment's responsibility toward the
apartheid policy of South Africa

3) increased state aid to the city

unlveri ~
4) “ityh Bill Gross of “suppression” and
er ization of state unlver- SDS Wm moderate

sity restrictions.

To elaborate-=on the above, therma The panel wm d‘scuss Aparthem’
are these added explanations. With
regard to the first, some may re-
member when the clty university
afforded free tuition,
there, why not again th
now as well?

cused of being akin to Nazism in
it:’ exttt‘ﬁmity. They will also con-
s er e ramifications of many
egetﬁé‘hggg prominent United States industrial
coapolratiorliis and banks complying
A ' w l ie no cy.
m t:eloqtﬁlSealisﬁelhiegmsfl“3‘39 A historical background will be
cation offered the mama“ eme “' given concerning the failure of the
students 15 at heart m “31'10 195“) United States government to invoke
the est b“ I 5 “‘18- regulations on commercial dealings
,3 5 "Hem 0‘ a with South Africa especially in light
of the fact that regulations have
been placed on dealings with Com-
munist nations.
This apparent contradiction
e United States government

students who would not otherwise

dents’ enrollment could he raised. . -.

Regarding the third, the necessity 32:2“:0nﬁggeulsm  rlelauon to the
for quality education always call S a” u S S.
for extra expenditures.

Fourtbly, the extension of aca-
demic freedom is to the advantage
of present day students, professors
and future students, teachers, pro-

system and philosophy often ac-‘

Hemeswoy, Hotel
.\For Gemini Project

Dr. Curtis L. Hemenway and Dr.
John E. Hotchln, of the University's
Dudley Observatory, are among sci-
entists conductng experiments on
Wednesday’s Gemini 8 space shot.

Their work centers in two main
branches, that concerning the moon,
which is headed by Dr. Hemenway,
director of Dudley Lab and that
which centers on Mars, headed by
Dr. llotchin who is in charge of
the space biology work.

Dr. llemenwoy's work has been
concerned with the theory of the
existence of inter-cellular space
dust or micromeleurites.

Series Conducted at Dudley

The existence ofmicrometeorites
was first established in a series of
federally supported haloon experi-
ments conducted at Dudley. Later
the U-2 flights became the center
of experiments.

In the Gemini shot an astronaut
will open a box containing eight
experimental areas which are ex-
pected to be bombarded by micro-
meteorites which will leave craters,
and perhaps some micrometeoritic
particles.

Dr. Hemenway believes that the
best collector of the space dust
would be the surface of the moon.

Dr. Hotchin is concerned chiefly
with the existence of life on Mars
in relation to infectious diseases.
Plans for experiments on future
Gemini ﬂights have already been
formulated.

Capture Forms of Lite

Dr. Holchin hopes to be able to
capture forms of life in space. As a
forerunner lo the hope that samples
of outer space life may someday be
brought to earth Dudley scientists
have developed a special box to carry
viruses, mold, and bacteria on next
week's Gemini flight.

The box has to be developed com-
pletely free of any contamination
which could wipe out any existing

life on Mars should a space probe
hit Mars.

The test itself will measure blo-
loglcal changes in the samples oc-
curring during the flight.

New Greek Gains Recognition

Upsilon Phi Sigma was formally recognized by Inter-fraternity Council

cm 'Esperhieats I

......,w_,.,...... w *

fessors and me elm”, world 0, Sunday, giving it colony status for one year. This marks the first new fra-
ternity on campus since the formation of TXO five years ago. '

American education.

  

The statesmen are celebrating
their 14th year at the University
and are having an extremely busy
season. The group is made up of 28
men, each carefully selected by
competitive tryouts, and are under
the directorship of Karl Peterson of

the Music Department.
l‘hey have given numerous per-
formances inNew York and appeared
last year at. the World’s Fair.
Their repertoire includes classi-
cal, sacred, seml-popular and tra-
ditional works.

Up Phi Sig, formerly known asthe
Colonials, was co-founded by two
freshmen, Mike Comets and Mark
Kane, last semester. They met with
various faculty and student leaders,
expressing belief in fraternal living
and their desire to form a new fra-
ternlty.

The organizers were all from
Waterbury and held meetings in
Walden.

Elecllulls were held at the begin-
mug of this semester. The new of-
ficers are llunk Mueller, president;
Rich Greene, vice president; “’11:
hum Van Dyck, treasurer and Phil
Gray, secretary.

Cob-rs ,chosen by the group are
scarlet and rbarcunl with the motto
of "in unity, brotherhood; in
brothorboml, self."

Joseph Silvey said, “As fraternity
ndvlsor, i think as we grow in mug-
nilude i see a great need for small
meaningful groups, particularly
Greek organizations."

Art Ferrari, chairman of Fra-
ternity Presidents Committee, com-
mented, "All fraternities feel the

need for more fraternities and have. ,
made 9110115 t9.,.ﬂucourage new 1.»
‘ groups to form." ,

   
  
  
    
   

  

 
    
 
   
  
    
         
     

  
 
  
  
   
    
       

       
    

  
  
   

     
         
 

     
  

     
     
     
   
      
     
  
     
     
 

    
  
   
  
   
    
  
   

        
     
   
 

   
 
  
   
 

 
    
       
      
       
         
          
  
   
 
   
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
         
         
     
      
    
     

