 

 

. , , unions 1
consume? 

 

" With the fall sportsagenda getting into full swing .. r N V l' i - - , " I l “1 ' , ‘ V g ' l ' . ' ,1 , w r' 
this past week. we have been able to make some in-' j “ ' t ‘ . . .
teresting observations. _ -  r. ,-  _ - _ » . , ‘ ‘ I

Nobody asked me, but:  . ‘ , , V V ‘ - V . . ‘ . ..  ‘
‘ . People who criticize another's opinion should at ‘ ' R n, 1966 ' VOL_L'";N0, 32' ,'
least have the courage to sign their names to their ' OCTOBE " "

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

letters. Thanks for your interest anyway...

The absence of our varsity cheerleaders at the
bonfire and opening soccer game was conspicuously
in bad taste. We refuse to believe the, rumors about
not wanting to get the uniforms dirty. Still, where

were you?....

  

Further rumors concerning the school mascot still
persist to the effect that it has yet to achieve total

acceptability, that is, of course, aside from this sports
page. We’ll never accept it...

The Albany State soccer team finally showed some
semblance of an ofense when it managed 15 shots at
New Paltz’s goal. The hooters are still extremely
weak on defense, and our offense is having too much

pressure placed on it to

achieve total ffectiveness.

Hopefully, the soccermen can snap their three game
losing streak tomorrow when they host Brooklyn
College. The Danes defeated Brooklyn 3—2 in an away

game last year. ..

APA looks like the team to beat 'in the AMIA foot-
ball program. The APA men have the size and ex-
perience to go all the way in the five-team league.
All five teams have their individual strengths, and
it should be a dogfight all the way. Despite the inter-
est shown thus far in the AMIA play, there still exists
one glaring weakness that continues to throwadamper

on our enthusiasm.. . .

Officiating. With virtually only one man possessing
adequate qualifications prior to the Season’s start to
act as head official, AMIA has been forced to enlist
the services of the various teams to provide referees
for the games. This resulted in the lack of a uniform
interpretation of the rules, causing mass confusion on
more than one occasion this past week. Two clinics
will be held during the season, but this is hardly suf—

ficient.

The reason for this situation is obvious. AMIA’s
archaic system of paying referees a dollar per game
is hardly an allurement for any tudent to give up an
afternoon to officiate a football game. With more of
an inducement, we are sure that many tudents would
respond to this need and raise the caliber of officiating
to a level approximating the play in the league...

We are exceedingly anxious to meet with new ath~
letic director Werner very soon and find out how we,
as students, can aid him in bringingfootballto Albany.
Thus far he has asked for faculty and administration
support only. We feel that the students should have a
hand in it, too---a very big hand...

The AMIA League l title
chase began Monday when
Potter Club handed defend-
ing champion KB 11 7-0
opening day setback. The
next day powerful APA

point.

On Tuesday APa wasted no time
in joining Potter at the top of tile
league standings when they scored
on a pass from Ray Clani'rlnl to
soph sensation Rich Margison to
rack up all the points they needed
to gain the victory. Although the
APA defense did not allow the Saris

 

u.

L To GREAT DANE defenders race over the rain-
pori last week. Bridgeport blanked the Danes 4-0,

soccer game played on the campus.

Hawks, Ventriglia Rip Dunes, 7-2

The Albany State booters dro

by Dunc Nixon

soaked new campus field in a game with Bridge-
iuriher dampening the team's spirits in the first

pped their third start Wednesday when they fell to

New Paltz and Gino Ventriglia by a 7—2 count. Ventriglia, an All-American last

year, accounted for four of his s

quad’s goal with two in the fourth period and one

each in the first and second quarters. New Paltz jumped into a 2—0 leadin the first

period on a pair of “excuse me”

goals. At the 5:30 mark Cary Gluck ricocheted

his shot off the leg of an Albany fullback and, understandably enough, this caught
Albany goalie Joe LaReau going the wrong way.

A.D. Werner Interviewed,
Answers Football Queries

The New Paltz Hawks continued
their assault on the State goal with
three goals in the second period.
Ventriglia scored a penalty kick at
1:25. Don Greaves followed with a
fast break goal at 3:59 and Solomon
lsysere rounded out the scoring
with a cannon like shot from forty
yards out.

Dunes Dominate 3rd

Although the first half had been
all New Paltz, the third period be-
longed to the Great Danes. Albany
came out scrapping and at :30 of
the third quarter wingmen Hendrick
Sadi broke the ice wiihashort range
goal.

Sadi’s shot was set up by a per-
fect cross by sophomore wing Craig
Springer. The Danes continued to
dominate throughoutthe period until,
at 19:11, Maurice Tsododo slammed
a penalty shot into the lower left
corner.

The Danes continued their dom-
ination into the fourth period, but
were unable to get the ball illto
the net. Then about half-.waythrough
the period Ventriglia took over
again. At 13:13 he took a pass from
Don Greaves and maneuvered his
way into the penalty area for his
goal.

and Jerry Leggeri rose to the oc-
casion to make a llulnbcr of fine
saves.

The Great Danes also got fine
performances fronl halfbacks Tim
Jursak and Gelachcw llnbtell-Yim—
er, both of whom did a fine job of
reversing the field and setting up
the line.

by Ellis Kaufman

Dr. Alfred C. Warner, the new
head of physical education at Albany
State has declared himself in favor
of football here but he must wait
until 'faculty and administration are
behind him before he begins any
action.

The former associate director of
West Point’s physical education pro-
gram continued; ”it is my under-
standing that there will be a thor-
ough study made concerning football,
but I don’t know who is going to
organize such a committee---lt in-
volves faculty, administration, and
alumni.”. To Dr. Warner's knowl-
edge there are no plans to build a
football stadium.

indefinite Plans

Werner, who. has degrees from
Springfield College and Pennsyl-
vania State University continued to
say that there are very indefinite
plans to build a university field
house. There are three possible
locations for this structure which

side of the campus, will contain a
swimming pool measuring 45 x '70
and a gymnasium measuring 111 x
150 which will seat 3000 spectators.

The new building is being built
to handle 8000 students which pre-
sents some problem because there
are 6000 now. Features which the
new building contain are handball
and squash courts, locker rooms

walls, a body mechanics room for
weight training. and corrective re-
habilitation activity.

Building Opening

When the building opens in Sep-
tember, the doors will be open from
7:80 a.m. to 11:30 p.m., seven days
a week. The swimming pool and
other facilities will be available for
use during these hours.

Regarding the two year gym pro-
gram which was rumored to begin
with the Class of 1970, Dr. Werner
stated that a two year gym program
was in effect for all classes prior
to the Class of 1965. That year it
was decided to TEMPORARILY
abandon the two year program be-
cause of the lack of facilities and
faculty.

The Class of 1970 was to be the
first class to renew the two year
program. No declsioll has beenmade
whether or not the twoyear program
will be resumed with the new fresll-
man class. This year when the winter

on in Page gym, the bowling alloys,
the swimming pool and the volley
ball courts. For those students who
cannot fit tilts break into tllelr
schedules, an alternate plan has
been devised. The rooms which are
designated as bomb shelters will
he used for llldoor physical activi-
ties.

Dr. Werner is very happy to be

  

 

‘ EEN FINALISTS from left to right are Deniso Donahue, Sue Vlade, Flo Rieglehaupt,
EﬁroigglMgdfsguDeboroh Garland, Lynn Salisbury, Ruth Young, Marie Bulmentl, Jeanne Mourer, Jean
Noble, Stephanie DeSirnone. Chrisiice Kozimir is not in the picture.

ASP Receives First Class Rating
From Associated Collegiate Press

The Albany Student
Press was notifiedOctober
5 that it had been awarded
a First Class Honor Rating
by the Associate Collegiate
Press for spring semester
this year.

This marked the fifth time in

the last six semesters that the WP
received a First Class Award

Voluntary Ratings
The Associated Collegiate Press

Forms For College Who’s Who

Now Available For Seniors

Applications and activity sheets
for Who’s Who lll American Col-
leges and Universities are now
available, ilt'CUl'fllllg to Kathy Drown,

News Pages, the Front Page com-
position, and Editorial Page rea-
tures.

The publications are weighed
against each other, and a certain
number are assigned to eacll honors
cateogory. A small handful receive
the highest rating of “All Ameri-
can."

The ASP was criticized for its
editorials slid the leads of news
stories. The newspaper's editorial
style was labeled “t‘oo ponderous,"
and the leads of news stories were
criticized for wol'diness and lack-
ing "sell."

Only about ten percent [of the
newspapers entered are presented
with First Class Certificates. The
relllainiug papers recelive ratings

own to Third C ass.
ranging d Last semester’s Editor-in-Chief,
Joseph Silverman, was “pleased but
not surprised by the rating.” Cur-
rently serving as the ASP’s Execu-
tive Editor, Silvel'ulall quipped

Cltod for Excellence
Of the 2'5 areas of the newspaper
inspected by the judges, none re—
ceived a rating of less ihan”good."

the ASP WGI‘O "With all tllc talk on campus about

mid promise of future leadership.
The list lls lt leaves the screening
committee will then go before Cell-
Coullcll for passage, and the filial

  

Students Toulouse )7

HomeComing Queen  ' '
A new procedure for the selection of Homecoming

Queen 1966 went into operation on Sunday, October 2,

as a panel .of seven judges began interviewing more

than forty nominees. Queen Announced -

By Working both Sunday The girl who hgs thl:l most votes
will be announce as‘ omecom ng
and Monday evenings! the Queen Saturday evening at theThru-
panel chose twelve final- way Molorlnn, -
ists for Homecoming Saturday afternoon the finalists '
Queen will ride in convertibles escorted
' by a fraternity president to the soc-
\Vith Laur Kurz as chairman and 081‘ Game Where they Will again be,
coordinator, the panel consists of lmmdllCEd-
Ray Giannini, Tom Merlo, Joe‘Ni- The parade route they will follow
caslrl, Mark Summa,CarolWalling, W1“ begin at “18 001001“ Quad-
Mrs. Judith Monsour, and Kileen Tangle, Past the DUICh Quadrangle.
Tracy. dlsbanding at the residence park-
Their selection is based on the ins lol- The Judges revlewlns stand
seven “legumes of: posture and :vill be lll front of the service build-
li sical race beauty personal "I;-
Ephearancg (nea’lness, tas'te), speech Immediately following 15 the sec-
(dlcuon'. lone), charm, poise and car game where refreshments will
maturity of thought, be sold by the Pan-Hellenic Coun-
cil. The winner of the Inter-Fra-
ternity-Sorority Scholarship Cup
Twelve Finalists will be announced along with the‘
The twelve finalists are Flo Rel- winners of the ﬂoat parade.
glehaupt, Sue Wade, Denise Dona- _
hue, Lynn Salisbury, Jone Noble, Saturday Night
Chris Kazlmir, Jeanie Maurer,Stc- Saturday night the winner of the
Phenale Desmlone. DBbble Garland, title of Homecoming Queen will re-
RUill Young. Baily (“1550. and Marie ceive a silver tiara, and one dozen
Belmouti. roses and engraved silver bowl.
They have been asked to wear Her court will receive engraved
yellow and purple pins to identify silver charms. .
them as finalists. Harriet Tucker, last year’s
Homecoming Queen, will come to
On October 10, 11 and 12, at the Albany from Washington to lead the
new campus, all Student association parade.
menlbers are requested to vote for MISS TUCkeP W“! l‘ellhquh he?
their choice of Homecoming Queen crown to the 1966-67 Homecoming
and her four attendants. Queen at the Homecoming formal
The ballots will be counted on held Saturday night atthe Thruway
Thursday and the five melnbers of Motor fun.
the court announced and introduced Miss Tueker’s escort for the
on Friday night, Oct. 14 at the weekend will beJoe Nicastri,Pres-
Homecoming concert. ident of IFC.

Saxophonist To Perform
Twice Friday Night In Page

Stall Getz, the World famous sax- His career began some twenty-five

l C program begins freshman whollave . f x' l - 1' ~ - l G 1' ' lned his
omm 9 . v . , I l l,- a volulltaly organization 0 UV“ MOM SQLUOHS o ‘ , m er, 1.”, twice m yams ago one” a 1. 10

l  ents' Th 559"” A90!" Sho‘lld Sf?“ “V9 to 51" “101153011 a four hour break ontheirschedules 1300 college yearbooks and news-- placed 1,, me “very good" cate- traditions being broken, we ale ‘ggéilli’:al‘lvhgnwl[Olgecoﬁnmg Week_ ms, band at we age of ﬁfteen,
., ,1 en at 21:12 he scored again, Spectalols- Next Season, State 5 will have their class at that time-- . . .l ,- roiessionul -. -‘ proud Io have conllhlled one -- a . ills outstandingtalentm‘oughthlm
H 5     tms “me on a [aSt break that gave baSkeumu mam wm may “5 games once a week 9 lJSlllwlifllstEagllbigftaIIIEljllllel‘ PUD“ go”. [ﬁrst Class “ﬂung " euul hafs lmtlg he‘luiconslldllleliglde fame on many of the hig‘lmme 0‘"
l ' l I . ' . r ' . ' ' ' -aus n s .

g , ’ hits  shot from point blank range. in [titre new gyhnlnasmln. muons m critiques which inspect Among the areas cued rm, ex_ of tie lncs mus c chestms of [he 1040,5' Gem played
(1  . 0n the ensuing Damian” W nce again the Albany goalies 1 :9 new: Ysiclal \e’ducation bulld- Programs to Conlinuc composumnl layout, and content, Owen“. were headlines, the Inside for such “,9” known orchestralend-
l: v by Glen Sapir anemm potter clinched its seventh "“m excellem' Bow Joe La Rea" ng’ “me o" “9 leste'” Avenue This Will allow Dl'OEl‘ﬂmS to K0 as as Phil Harris, Stan Kenton,

Jimmy Dorsey, and Benny Good-
man. Goodman is of the belief that
Getz is the finest tenor saxophonist
of all time.

By 1940, a suificiellt number of
other people were of the same opin-
ioll, and Getz won his first major
poll as the top tenor of1949. At
the lilne, he was a member of
Woody llernlan's band.

  

- . a Si le ll it B w . .
proYed Its merit by de— onerzfe WT; 1m", (linlé:fe:n$‘"lhtl,:: The Danes Wm be home again for visiting teams as well as the here. He said that it is quite adif- colnnllttce chairman. liepl'erzcnta- llsi‘ Will be placed on the ballots.
featlng the highly touted early 51,, p0,”, lead tomorrow wheuuwy Millage Brook- general student body, classrooms, ference from West Point. He has lives will be distributing the forms Mentions will be held duiillg tile 3
l Sarfs to gain a share of ' 1’." College 3.21,."1. a combative rooln (wrestling), a been welcomed warmly by students today through October 13 ill the week of October l7. Only members 30",, Nova '

m a.“ A a“
._ . ......-..~......._.._...,,.

the early league lead, 19-

Somc Combo Again
In the second period after the

dance studio equipped with mirrored

 

and facultv al lke

 

lobby of the Humanities bulldhlgnlld
ill the lounge ill Draper 140.

of tile classes of 1907,190liahd1909
are eligible to Vote ill the Who's

in the years after, Getz created
the musical concept known as "The

i
i
' g .l ‘ ~ . l -' - i - I l ,<_ n ‘ l - - l
l l '   , ...Cl"’;‘,::3;3‘;b.2113 has an:   it"i‘fluy°f..”iiié“Ellaﬁitiiééé .
El Potter's opening day victory can tilnes, Clanfrini made good on a O o c'lmplm wmors ‘Any ﬁmdem who All students are urged to check the hauntlmg soumlAmeNcﬂ"rhythm 
 be altitrliiut‘ed to the film; play olfla hhojanl to Marglsoll, and later ill the     1; classiﬁed  u senior, has n me” engn‘nuy “I”, apply. Am,“_ the “Bossu Nova." Teaming upwml ,
- stea as leense, chl was the t l qlldilei‘ ile lepeuted with .l 2.0 cumulauvo average and 1,, a cations and activity sheets must be me famous Brawn" menus“ A8.

 

to keep the Blue and Gold ill check
throughout the game. KB's defen-
sive nine was equally successful in
preventing EEP quarterback Jim
Curley from leading his team to
paydlrt. Not until the last quarter
were the Black and Willie able to
score.
..
Comiois Intercepts

With time runnlngout and a score-
less tie looming, Potter's Don Com-
ois intercepted a Tom Pabnerpass
.or the fourth timein the game. From

here Jim Curley led his team to six
points on a touchdown pass to Ray

touchdown pass to Carry Torlno,

 

SNAPPY BARBER SHOP

We feature
Collegiate hoircuis

5 minute wall: from the.
New Campus

1 148 Western Avenue

808 did FRANK

 

 

 

photographs for the 1966-67 illRCH
will be taken ﬂct. 24-28

watch the ASP for further information
regarding time, location and sign—ups.

 

 

member of Student Association is
eligible Io apply, under the bill
passed by Central Council lust No-
VOHIllel‘.

Applications Checked

The applications will be checked
for eligibility and sul'o'elled by the
screening conllultlcc according to
the criteria set by the National
Committee on Who‘s Who in 'l‘us-
culoosn, Alabama.

The four criteria are u 2.0 aver-
age, participation and leadership,
citizenship and service to the school,

returned to the Student Association
Office of Kathy Brown, 'l‘en Eyck
llull, no later than October 13 for
screening.

Screening Committee
The screening committee lscom-
posed of twelvo students, l'ouruploco
from each ofihc sophomore clusses.
'l‘hcy areKnthy I'll-own, Jack Kenny,
Debby Friedman, Ken Zacharias,
Ray McClollt, Madeleine Schnabel,
Diuho Snmel'Vlllc, John \Voincr,Jeff
Mlshkln, Nancy Broderick, ’l‘om

Mario, and Jim Kl'ustangel.

  

trud Gilberto, Getz once again
reached the top of the musical field.

For tilts contribution, Getz re-
solved the coveted “Grammy”
award for the best solo perfor-
mance from the National Academy
of Recording Arts and Sciences ill

u

Stan Gelz is currently on a roc-

"  ‘ v is
U arc-breaking tour of the United

TARTUFFE LOOKS WORRIED in this portion of the play that
was presented by the Galaxy players Friday night in Page Hell.

States. lie is acclaimed everywhere
as one of the very few trend set-
ters in the field of music today.

‘1‘ lat-as...” .2 :w, ,5». M...

