  
     

  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
    
 

 
  

 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

bdtieyo

It? , Prime
‘ con radlcting terms.Aotu

it _

sill sndmerry that lwoul t

he bzea llil'bl'lull ln‘the least if
'v the use

it
Wand

' r ' Fl.
sensical' iiulree had appeared. Sur- good

sum 1 would have expected it;

 whole-situation seemed like V
-at‘v ’ ' ’

undue-Who

of urxieretatement, repetition, ab-.

aurdity, illogicality', and paradox
(which is as good a reason as any i
suppose why.the lead characters
were named Bro and Middle Para-
dock). Performed by the Galaxy
Players, a Community Theatre
groin), at Nott Memorial Theater,
Union College in Schenectady;
"Tinkle" by N. F. Simpson com-
pletely overshadowed a second
trather subordinate comedy, "A
'Phoenix Too Frequent" by Chris-
topher Fry, nightly from the lil-
teenth to the nineteeth of February.

Assuming the play had' a plot,
and I'm not quite sure that it had,
then the plot was either irrelevant
or indiscernible, or more likely,
both. Alter all, when a play opens
with the lead characters discussing
educationally subnormal parakeets,
one can expect that plot and other
orthodoxy will simply be disre-
garded as sensible. As the char-

  
 
  

tiori,‘ tli'e-iuproarioits sucy

 ,m;otf.tau..mafa productionuaef . . _r,m‘mmwmmbm u.

want oimee V
the actorsfdid not bowto‘the »

rol 'oi- the' omnipresent-god oi

slapstick ,which so often happens in;

production of this type. Slapstick.
in some showaewgl‘l‘ld blag/e
dis pointineg redu . vs a w
to" child's comedy instead of the
fine adult_,,insanity that it was.
.The sequence of events begins
hen the Paredocks receive an ele-

cause they’ve had a pigmy elephant
every year for several years (ex-
cepting the year they had a giraffe)
but this isn't a plgmy. Upon receipt
of the pachyderm, there ensued an
hilarious discussion regarding the
naming of it. Personally, I don't
see anything wrong with naming an
elephant ‘Oedipus Rex. Iwonder what
Mr. Paradock had against it? Soon
after, the Paradocks decided to
switch 'pets with a friend that had a
snake that was “too short." 1'“
probably never know what it was too
short FOR, the fact remains how-
ever, that it was. Our heroes weren't
worried about its being too short,
for as Mrs. Paradock said, “You
can always have it lengthened." --
To this insult oi the intelligence,
Mr. Paradock indignantly replied,
"I KNOW you can have it lengthened,
but you lose the thickness that way I"
Thus, the 'show proceeded.

Mr. ., Paradock was then ap-

  

 

Fiizgihhon Demolishes legen
In the of Dylan Thomas’

by Dr. Arthur Collins

Constantino Fingibban. Thr Lilo of Dy/Iln Thomas. Iioslun: ‘Itlunlt'c-
Little-Brown. 1965. $7. 5.

All too often the phrase “authorized biography" has meant veiled
truths and guarded revelations, but applied to Constantine Fitzgibbon s
plainly labeled “Life oi Dylan Thomas" itmeans only that the biographer
has had the cooperation oi his subject’s family. There was no heroic
image for Thomas’s widow to burnish and his biographer to mirror.
The iconoclasts had already done their work - and their names were
Dylan and Caitlin Thomas.

Fitzgibbon has had the unusual task of deflatingan anti-heroic figure,
the one familiar to readers of John Malcolm Brinnin’s record oi
Thomas’s American tours and oi Caitlin Thomas’s “Leftover Life to
Kill" as well as dozens of shorter reminiscences.That figure, reﬂected
in the Broadway version of Thomas's last years, exceeded belief. As
Fitzgibbon writes, “in legend this exhausted, often drunk and frequently
sick man has become a veritable Priapus, who could surpass the Her-
cules oi the Thirteenth Labour and deflower all the virgins of Banning-
ton or Vassar inaslngie night,after which he would chase all the female
faculty members around the campus before breakfast."

It is the legends, not the image of the man, which Fitzgibbon demol-
ishes. One cannot help respecting Fltzgihbou for the straightforward
candor with which he pictures the poet whose romantic view oi himself
as doomed by tuberculosis lacks any responsible medical evidence.
Drawing on all that others have already written, Fitzgibbon notes the
inconsistencies and records the angles of distortion. The test case, of
course, is Caitlin Thomas herself. The biography endows her with the
kind oi sympathy she cried aloud for in “Leftover Life to Kill,” but
the sympathy is balanced by the detachment with which her own follies
and shortcomings are detailed. l-‘ltzgibbon is no gentler with her than
he is with Thomas or Thomas’s detractors.

After an introductory analysis of what Thomas may have owed to
Wales and to his family, the biography runs ste dily forward with the
exception oi a diacursive chapter sketching So 0 and the London life
that Thomas punningly referred to as "capital punishment." Among
the new sources available to Fitzgibbon are several unpublished jour-
nals and autobiographies. Quoted at greatest length, because they pro-
vide the best information concerning the poet’s first creative period,
are Pamela lianslord Johnson’s diary and her treasury of letters from
Thomas while he was wooing her.

From Jack Lindsay comes one oi the finest anecdotes in the book,
telling oi Thomas's tearing up poems and tossing them in the rubbish,
from which he expected Caitlin to rescue them. But she would not do so,
and the poet had to salvage them himselfwith the humiliating knowledge
that he had made “a romantic gesture, an act of sell-demolition that he
couldn't sustain."

The scholars are at work tracing the deaths and entrances oi drafts
oi poems; there is already a full shelf oi their studies. Fltzgibbon’s is
the book to begin with — apart from Thomas’s own. Modest in length as
well as attitude, it gives the most comprehensive view of the poet in
all the masks he wore. it may excuse him for taking his host's shirts
but n'ot for stealing the hostess's sewing machine. it accepts his self-
evaluation as “captain of the second eleven" in English poetry, but it
questions his honesty as well as consistency in some of his pronounce-
ments about the theory and the method olhis writing. it makes painfully
clear how Thomas's way of life, predicated on an early death, led to the
financial anxiety that “with monstrous irony ,like some bird of pray that
had been gnawing at hisllver, new away as soon as he became a corpse.”

The lonely vigil with words that made Thomas apoet left him Ville
double to beer and bonitommie. The acclaim and applause to be won
as the life of the party—any party, but usually a drinking party—led to
a kind or role-playing that kept him from getting down to Work. Thomas
fled from contracta' he ‘signed tau lightly andilved as prodigally as the
American frontiersmen; like them he pushed at last to the western
shore and, had he lived, would have been forced to come to terms with
civilization. ‘

  

 

 
 
   
  
  
  

tinnitu- The‘fac'to .
primal-ll} iron:- playiﬁg,‘ _
completely struglit,'without sqtnes-
ing’cr straining. xv - '

 
      

straining his laughter, by combining
a- poker face with side-splitting in-
sensibility. Mr‘. Lasacc‘o effectively
portrayed Bro Paradock as was ex-
pected in light of hispast successes.
His greatest attributerin'thls role
was his mastery of understatement,
which added contrast .to the con-
fusion. Query to Mr: Paradock:
Just what is wrong with the name
Oedipus Rex? .

Anne Hastings, portraying his
wife, Middle Paradock, did credit
to illogicality by delightfully play-
ing her character in fine Gracie
Allenesque, and took us on apleas-
ant trip into nonsense by being per-
fectly scatterbrained.

Rounding out the trio of lunacy
was Louise Helnmiller, providing
the necessary contrast from the
others by being somewhat more
elegant and less hali-witted than

ey (which isn't saying much for
er mental capacity). if
' Director Samuel Morreli and his
trio troupe performed a marvelous
script marvelously and the one act
journey into nonsense and absurdity
was far more than wonderful and
light-hearted; it was humor at its
best.

Willi lists
Top Ten. Songs

The following is the WSUA Top
Ten for the week- endlhg Saturday,
February 26. They, may be heard
on Fridays from 2-5 with Wayne
Fuller. A star indicates a former
Sound Sensation. ~
1. Lightnin’ Strikes Again (Lou
Christie)

2. ‘‘Working My Way Back To You
(Four Seasons)

3. These Boots Are Made For
Walking (Nancy Sinatra)

4. l'My World is Empty Without
You (The Supremes)

5. Up Tight (Stevie Wonder)

6. Listen People (Herman's Her-

mits)

7. Batman Theme (Markets)

8. Barbara Ann (Beach Boys)

0. My Love (Petula Clark)

10. l Fought The Law (Bobby Fuller
4

Sound Sensation of the Week: 19th

Nervous Breakdown (Stones)

Golden Great of the Week: Louie,”

Louie (Kingsmen)

 

'russmr _
Mar. 1 — "Mickey"

 

 

. Mar. 26 - “Moroc-
co”

“For Whom

' Apr. is —
the Bell Tolls"
".r. 22  «mono! Apr. 39 ‘- .l‘cwm'r
I (emu) - I ‘ May 8 —. "Make Mine
Mar. 39 -. um ln- . Mink" . = a
. fol-mg u I . 1 M“ 13 - “VM 2.-
pataI"

Apr. l9 vHEI'Olvmlluf ‘
.. 2,, . >

Apr. ‘26 A “The Mar- '

May 20 — “Bride of
Frankenstein" and

 

. riage Circle” "Paranoi‘c"
May 10 — “I Am A
Mtive. From A SATURDAY
' Chain Gang”
Mar. 12 - “Sawdust
M?” 17 - “"0"” and Tinsel”
. feathers”
' Apr. 16 — "Sound of
Trumpets"
FRIDAY May '1 — “Nights of
‘ ‘ , Cabiria”
Mar. 4 — "List of
Adrian Messen-
gar"
Mar. ll — “On the
Town"
ASP NEEDS Photographers

Mar. 18 —' “Curse of
the Cat People”
and “Invasion of‘
the Body Snatch-

 

 

 

68
John
Kuhn

President

Remember to Vote

68

Ken
Walker

Vice-Pres

regardless of your choice

 

 

 

 

HOWIAND lucch

69 V. PRES.

PRES.

CLASS UNITY
UNIVERSITY PRIDE

thru spirit & activi
think positively '

 7 YESWECAN‘

 

‘3’

 

 

 

 

   
  
     
    
  

   
  
     
 
   
    
      
  
   
      

  

  
 
  

     
       
      
          
   
  
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
 

 

   

  
   
   

  
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

A Free
University

   
 
 
 

  
  
  

 
 
   

is To: '  v
.surnsns count ,_ . .
FRANK? ‘“"' ”

 

 

 

ALBANY, NEW ,YORK

FEBRUARY 25, 1966 VOL: Lil, Mo; 5

COURT STAYS MYSKANIA ELECTION

    

 

STUDYING BILL: Members of Central Council review election

bill while waiting to get u quorum Tuesday.

Council Postpones Class Eleotionsr
Alter Supreme Court Injunction

A special meeting of Central
Council was held Tuesday night to
decide when class elections were to
be conducted after the injunction was
brought against the Election Bill by
the Supreme Court. Since a quorum
was not Immediately present, dis-
cussion on the issue resulted.

Candidates for class offices at-
tended the meeting to ask that the
elections not be postponed. They
pointed out that any additional cam-
paigning would place a greater bur-
den on the alreme exhausted can-
didates.

One nominee stated that the fin-

Ien in Competition

for National Finals
In Glamour Contest

Ten finalists have been
selected in Albany State’s
“Best—Dressed Colle ge
Girls” contest. Albany 18
running the contest in con-
junction with Glamour
Magazine’s national “Ton
Best-Dressed C o 1 le go
Girls in America” contest.

Each participating school enters
the winner olihc local content. 'I‘helr
pictures will appear in Glamour and
they will take part in a national
judging. 'l‘en winners will receive a
2 week vacation in New York City.

'l‘wunly-scvon coeds made uppli-
cilllmt lol‘ Albany's contest. The ion
finalists~ Holucioli are Virginia
lirown, Donnn liufflno, Maggie Dioty,
Lynn I"or.~:l, Maxine llinmnn, Judy
'Mills, I"l'un l’noluci-i, nnd Olgu Sal'-
upcmus.

Judging III Bro

lv'innl judging will inkopluco Wed-

nusdny, ll‘obruury 2:4, in lirubachor.

(i Milli/mull Iu [mgr i)

portant objective of his campaign
had been to generate enthusiasm
and encourage all students to vote.
A postponement would result in a
loss of interest.

Reasons Ior Postponement

\Viiliam Cleveland cited two rea-
sons in favor of the postponement.
The first was the confusion which
should be cleared up in order to
inform the voters. Another reason
is the interest which both MYSKANIA
elections and class elections lend
to each other when held at the same
time.

Also during the meeting there
was a question of which part of the
election bill might be declared un-
constitutional by the Supreme Court.
At that time no referral had been
made by the Court.

ll'lhe elections were held and lhe
complete bill was declared uncon-
stitutional, the results would he in-
valid. This would make all the work
of the candidates ineffective. Allow-
ing the elections to continue as
planned would be taking this chance.

Chance Not Advisoblo

“1 don‘t think inking lids chance
is in the best judgment of Central
Council," said Richard Thompson,
president of Central Council.

After a quoruln was finally at-
tained, it was possible for the Coun-
cil to act. Cleveland presentedth
bill which would postpone MYS-
KANIA and class elections to tile
Wednesday following the Monday
alter the decision of the Supreme
Court was reached.

The bill was passed 14-2-8. At
that time, ’I‘hompsot. l'l quested that
the Supreme Court act in all basic
possible in order to conduct the
elections as soon as possible.

Issues Injunction on Grounds
Oi ‘Sufficieni Question’ Raised

The Supreme Court granted an injunction suspending all voting for the office of
MYSKANIA until 10 p.m. March 3, 1966 in action taken Monday. The Court will de-
cide on or before such time if the injunction merits extension. In the‘ case of Frank
Penski et a1 versus Central Council, the justices decided that sufficient interpreta-
tion was needed before the legality of the case presented by Frank Penskl and Rob—
ert Fairbanks could be judged. Consequently, the injunction was granted.

The case of Central 1 _ . - . . -
Council was presented by I
Dick Thompson who de-
fended the elections as they
were scheduled. He de-
fended the right of the
Council to set up election
procedures.

Penskl and Fairbanks defended
their position and the rights ofpeople
to be nominated and elected by citing
the Preamble, Article 1, Section 3,
letters G and I, and ArticleV, Section

1, letter b and Section 2, letter a of
the Constitution.

3;:-

     

     
  

Dlscuss Injunction

Chief Justice Ward stated at the
beginning of the hearing that the
Court would decide tonight only if
there was just cause for an injunc-
tion. The larger issue of legality
will be decided if a case is pre-
sented' and if they decide to hear it.

During the hearing a distinction
was brought up between the qualifi-
cations for nomination and the qual-
ifications for election. Also, specific
wordings of the Constitution were
questioned as to their clarity.

 

ENTIRE BAND iN CONCERT: University Bond “will perform
today in Page Hall at 1:30 p.m. Their concert will contain "Oh
Freedoml” by Joel Chodode.

Original Work to Highlight
Band Concert at Page Today

to son, mother to daugluer,nnd have
always remained a true expression
of the singer.

They have never been written
down or formally composed, so that.
each singer can sing his own slight
variations. More or less standard-
ized versions oftbe songs have come
about because of phonograph rec-
ords. in this way the songs remain
poignant and true.

’loe way that they are used in
this arrangement is by trying to
capture their essential spirit and
expression with regard iothemove-
lnent.

For example, the first full state-
ment of song, “This little light of
mine," is treated in order to cap-
ture the essential gniety of the
song in the tempo and rhythm, the
hope in the sonoriiy, and the human
jazz-like freedom inthe accompani-
meat.

The statement “We shall over-
come" is treated like a hymn.

The program will also include
selections from Broadwaylnuslcals.

University faculty and students,
are invited but are requested to sit
in the balcony since the downstairs
area for this particular concert
will be occupied by the entire Milne'
School.

Constitutionality Arlscs

The question of the constitution-
ality arose from the setting up of
a screening committee to recom-
mend candidates from those who
applied for the position. The cri-
teria of this committee were not
the some as provided for in the
constitution, and herein it was chal-
longed.

Justice Valro brilliantly pointed
to instances of lack of clarity in
the wording of the constitution where
it pertains to nominations, qualifi-
cations, and elections.

Al Smith, Chairman of MYSKAN-
IA, offered information on the
screening procedure at the hearing.
lie also attempted to defend Cenlrai
Council's position in regard to the
complaint.

Larger issues were introduced by
the attendance at the meeting of
Justice Moquist who is running for
MYSKANIA sent. Whether she
should be present and/or volingwns
questioned. if more names shonlrlhe
added to the bullot by the injunction
and further action, her chances for
election would be lessened.

After a recess and npei'iod where

The University Concert
Band conducted by William
Hudson will present a pops
concert today at 1:30 p.m.
in Page Hall.

The program will includeihe first
performance of "Oh Freedom!" by
Joel Chadnbe, composer and new
member of the music department.

“Oh Freedom i" isaplece written
especially for the University Band.
it grew out of discussions between
Hudson and Chadabe. It was moti-
vated by the desire to make some
statement with regard to their in-
volvement in civil rights activities,
and to show this through an original
musical work performed by a Uni-
versity group.

Song as Protest

The songs that are used are all
songs tlmi have been sling as pro-
tests or to keep up the spirit and
the Court met in closed session,in faith of the campaigners. They are
decision was announced to grant lilo all derived from the folk tradition,
injunction. llowever, the vote would and in fact one of them, “Oh,
not be released because, according Lawd, what a mornin," is n spir-
to Justice Valro, “it was not a final.
case hearing and an injunction was What this means is ihatiho songs,
granted. in case hearings the vote sometimes with different words,
is minounced." have been handed down from father

S.U. Theatre Current Production

Pages 4 and S

 
   
  
  

 
 
 

 
 

  

