   
     
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
     
 
 
  
   
   
 

 

 

 

M.“ .w‘ﬁwhmm—y-J ..,.. .,....-......._- we», .

r at“ this ’_ University is 'a lack
then there ~ _
by'no'ghmesns alleviated. Students still don’t know what
bother studentsar'e doing, the administration doesn't

 

the Editor:
T'glt seems appropriate that there
should be some comment on the
drama school's recent production
of “Lysistrata” from one who is not
only a Hellenist by trade but an en-
thusiastic fan of Aristophanes in
particular.

Much comment has been oc-
casioned by the design of settings,
props, and costumes. What I want to
emphasise is the success with which,
by these means, Mr. Donnelly evoked
the spirit of Aristophanes himself.

The fantastic absurdity of the
props was beautifully adapted to
Attic Old Comedy, which insists
upon the most relentless absurdity
and allows no compromise with the
sober and the reasonable. The at-

     

greatest literary geniuses.

The exaggerated manner of the
performance was also true to the
original; the old Comedy demands
the most outrageous hyperbole (wit-
ness the very plot of “Lysistrata”).
as a necessary part of its basically
ridiculous and irreverent nature.

As the ASP reviewer has pointed
out this is truly a team production,
but if any performances are to be
singled out for special praise my
own favorites are these: Myrrhine,
Klnesias, the Spartan herald, and,
perhaps above all, the Ieaderlof the
men's chorus.

That this group of students, even
with professional supervision and
with all the enthusiasm and hard
work in the world should have been
able to bring to such vivid and glow-

tainment of an authentic atmosphere
with such boldly non-Classical props
is no small triumph.

ing life a 2400 year old romp is
little less than astounding(.th t

t bears witness to the essential Thanks be to Dionysus epa ron
tirhelessness of one of the world’s of all Athenian playwrights) that

The STATEment I

Ilut III The depressed Blue

by Shannon Richards

Hope has walked out,” my world. happy in their tiny little worlds;
She has fallen out of love with me i'llrgleakgelsli': 51"": :31 my Menus
:Ieigrtnow lives in someone else 5 don't even seem to have magma;

' « to me' e

I sit by the window in my white T393: “15V: $812351: 8. Now'thouéh'
tower waiting for the sun to show. 9 e 3 m I know maps what
The‘ darkness fills my mind.Iwon-   d'gﬁlki They dam we
$9,;d23wm'fiaﬁﬂmers 5mm hymen about me. No one in the world

Once, before the fall, things were cares about me-
good. She was warm, the sun was The sun's coming; I can feel it.
bright; I could see our entire future There isn't much time left before
before us. Now tomorrow is as they’ll all be awake. I'll make it so
“black as the pit from pole to they’ll neyer forget this day.
pole." l can always use the excuse 1

Here farm at the greatand glor- thought the window frame was a
ious unlversity....thousands ofpairs doorway. There are no signs tell-
of legs walking around, yet in my Ing me different. They don t care..
downcast View, I still only see the I hate them; Ihate ALL of them.
black top. They're going to cry. C R YYYYY.

I cried. They'll be sorry....yes,
Millions and millions of happy they’ll be sorry_
People Md I am a minority Clone There Is nothing to stop me;

Who 15 535- MINORITY“ i'm the I've opened the last door. The air

maiorlty; they don’t count. What is cold. on sun, come and warm

can they {991- TMY’VE “9"” ‘9" the air. I'm coming sun. I'm coming
the hell I'm some through. They're sun.....I'V C..0..M..E......

Albany Student Press

ESTABLISHED MAY l9l6

BY THE CLASS 0' I918

 

 

our dramatic company was wise
enough not to take itself or Aristo-
phanes seriously. That would surely
have ruined the whole thing; as it
is, the result would have delighted
the Old Master himself.

John C. Overbeck

Associate Professor of Classics

Under The Counter.
Counter Intelligence

by Martin Schwartz

EVER NOTICE that Tums spelt
backwards is SMUT?

EVER NOTICE that most people
around here need LSD just to
have an original thought?

EVER NOTICE that Hugh Hefner
never has any tobacco in that
pipe?

EV ER NOTICE that May is National
Tavern Month and the last week
In May is National Salvation Army
Week?

EVER WONDER ii‘StokelyCarmich-
ael is real or if he was invented
by the Klu Klux Klan?

EVER NOTICE that Leroi Jones is
the Negro James Baldwin?

EVER NOTICE WSUA?

EVER NOTICE that Sociology is the
study of alibis for the Incompe-

tent?

EVER NOTICE thét one’s critics
proliferate in direct ratio to the
paucity of one's peers?

EVER WONDER what the ticket
booth on the corner of the park-
ing lot Is there for?

EVER WONDER if the ASP editors
should either do their own inter-
views or stop printing them?

EVER WONDER if some of those
pious souls who talk about ex-
porting Demooracy really just
want to get it the hell out of this
country?

TIIE OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN

THIS ARTICLE ARE NOT NECES-

SARILY THOSE OF THE AUTHOR

IF NECESSARY.

 

 

N Yorb at Alban . Tho ASP oIIics, located in Van Rsnsssiasr Hall at I223
H.530 p.rn. Sunday through Thursday nights or may be roach-d by dialing 457v8604

MARGARET DUNLAP
Edllo'r-ImChiol

LINDA [J FTY
Feature .dilor

KEN BERNSTEIN
Associate Editor

STUART LUBERT
PL rtography Editor

KAR EN KEEFER
Ensculivs Editor

RAYMOND MCCLOA T
Sports Editor

DONALD OPPEDISANO
Associate Sports Ediror

BRUCE KAUFMAN
Advertising Manager

JOSEPH SILVERMAN
Executive Editor

Carl Lindsmann, Nancy Fslts. Aileen Krasty. Catharina Noun,
Michael Noiin, Michael Connsly, Jay

I - kl r ublishsd b the Studcm Association at the Slate Uniruﬁity of
The Albany Sludrn Press is a "mi was y newspaper p y wunm Ann“, I. up." 'mmhoo PM. '0

or 457'8605.

SARA KITTSLEY
News Editor

LINDA V N PATTEN
Tochnica Supervisor

GAR Y 5CHUT.TE
Business Manager

EDITH HARDY
Executive Editor

Stall ........ ..............Ji|l Posnilr, Linda Bordon, Linda Miller. Modsioins Schnabel, Margaret Carrol, Rob'er Cully, John Clomls,

Kor, James Wlnslow, Duncan Nisan,

Dsanshan, Nancy Lehman Marl: Cunningham Gary. Rssfllo, Peter
Peter Goldberg, Torn Myles, Jos Cardamom, Glenn Sopir, Bob Chamberlain, Manly Rbbnowitr, Sue Arc oy

Columnisfs.......;....................n.lastﬂl Nicasrri, Sherman Richards, Ellis Kaufman, Victor Cohen, Harlr'yotdikztzlzklﬂx'o; 
Cartoonist- ' Don Logo, Fred lssslls

 

 

t th 4" nd should be signed. Communications should be limited to no
abid‘solrnri'duz‘t‘su'slxibc'mz'sztiztf'gi?1llfony.Sgrdbzi.Pi'sss assumes no 'Isponll‘lllity for opinions Ilpllssld In Its col-

 

 

:ve‘iy e admits exists
9 ofzi'communication. Al-’
s a’student‘.neWspaper, the problem is

  

no. basic problem

know. what the students are doing and the students
don’t know what the administration is doing.

It maybe because there is no central location as
yet on campus that so many people are depending on
the newspaper to learn of events and news. Whatever
the reason a great deal of attention lately has been

don the a r.
plasclfveral acgugftions have been made by several

sources about inaccuracies, mistakes, misunderstand- .‘
' lingo or poor choicégof stories. As the University gets

larger, however, there are more activities, and more
people about which to write. '

Some groups are co-operative. When they want
coverage, they sent In clearly written stories well in
advance of deadline dates. Other groups are themselves
poorly organizedand cannot provide the paper wrth
enough accurate information because they do not have
it. '

This, of course, leads to poorly written stories. We
do -make mistakes but so do other people. We have
never claimed we are infalliable. Our goal is tobe
informative and sometimes interpretive. There are
faults in all operations.

Bummends Forum

We would like to commend Forum of Politics on the
programs they have presented thus far this year. .The
purpose of the organization is to be a “non-partisan
student group which focuses on domestic and inter-
national politics." _ .

They have been very successful accomplishing this
purpose this year by featuring lectures almost every

  

‘ Folk Group Appears

 

ralumns and communications as such osarsssims do not nuossarily rslloct its risers.

 

Monday by faculty members of the University or‘of'
neighboring schools. These programs have dealt With
contemporary issues which are of interest to the

student body.

Today’s film, “Chinai ”, is the beginning of a ser-
ies of programs on China. They hope to feature sev—
eral films and leading academicians who will provrde
the student body with an opportunity to study China.

Drum is also planning programs to feature well-
known men. In order to provide the University With
an excellent well-rounded program Forum will need
additional funds. We hope that Central Council will
allocate these additional monies.

EDITOR'S NOI'E: The original article written by Miss Aileen
Schlei concerning Mr. Kotzenboch stands corrected as listed in
her letter to the editor following the appearance oi the article.
Also the statement that she did not follow instructions could not
be true since she was given no specific instructions.

Pan-Hell Report

Greek Board Sets

Ilwn Boundaries

Suhmitstharter lo living Affairs

by Joe Nlcastrl

A meeting of the committee from
Living Area Affairs Commission
whose job it is to discuss the role
of the Greek Board was held last
Monday. Because the committee was
unable to specifically define the role
of this board, it was decided that
the Greek Board shouldestabiishlts
own boundaries in the form which
will be most efficient for the im-
plementation of its ideas and pur-
poses.

The board is being asked to com-
pile a constitution and apply for a
charter. When the charter is ob-
tained, The Greek Board will send
four representatives to all LAAC
me’otlngs and vote on those mat-
ters which directly affect the Greek
Organization.

While the main concern of the
board at this moment will be Greek
residences, this will not be their
major function. The board will also
consider other activities which they
deem feasible within the framework
of their group, the Greek commun-
ity, and LAAC.

The Inter-Fraternity Steering
Committee has nearly completedits
constitution, The document is eight
pages long without the By-Laws,
which are irradiated to benumerous.

At the last meeting of Pan-itali-

enic Council which Mr. Neil Brown
attended each group presented Its
opinion of the role of Pan-Hellenic.
Because the information could not
be obtained In time for this print-
ing, any questions should be ad-

dressed to 16C, WC, and the Pan- '

Hellenic Representatives.

On Monday, Nov. 14, there will
be a meeting of all elective officers
of each group in HU 80 at 8:30 to
meet with Dr. Thorns. The general
purpose of this meeting will be to
discuss the function of the Greek
Organization on Campus.

This weekend Potter Club colo-
bratos Its 85th anniversary. The
events in their celebration will be
a cocktail party and a Midnight
Buffet at the Bavarian Chalet on
Friday, and on Saturday, Nov. 12
a dinner d nco at the Edison Club
in Scbonoc ady. Also, on Saturday
afternoon there will be an under-
grad football game and on Sunday
at 5 p.rn., a slug dinner party at
Herbert’s.

The Greek Olympic Day is tenta-
lively ecliorluled for Nov. it). The
Pan-Hellenic sponsored ail-Univer-
sity Bear Party will be on Nov. 0,
Tickets will be on sale noon. The
Greek Follies will be hold on Doc.
10 In the Dutch Quad dining hall.
All the proceeds from these activi-
ties will gotoward Greek. Week.

 

 

 

' heater~I‘I-‘2’Pyrpm.,,7
Idllurishop Selling

Blanche Mironer and James Lob-
dell, of the Dramatic Direction
class, will present a program .of
scenes from , contemporary play-
wrights called “Theatre 112" at
8:30 on Tuesday evening, the 15th
of November. While this program,
to be held in the flu-39 theatre, is
not open to the general student body,
all faculty members and 'Speech/
Drama majors are welcome to at-
tend.

There will also be a performance
of "Wisp in the Wind," directed by
Paula Michaels. This production re-
cently represented Albany at the RPI
drama festival. Miss Michaels is a
senior, and is majoring in Drama.

The scenes given by the Dramatic
Direction class, Speech 112, are not
open to general admission, as in the 
past, for several reasons. At the
undergraduate level the main stress {BAND PRACTICE sass
is placed on the interplay between ”
actor and the director. To establish
a laboratory workshop atmosphere
the size of the audience has been
limited.

Smaller audiences allow the tech-
nical aspects of the play, such as
scenery, lighting, and sound effects
to be minimized. Available facili-
ties, until the completion of the
new theatre, also require a smaller
audience.

      

.. 0

rehearsals are going well.

Art Review

by Harvey Vlohos

In Concert At RPI

Peter, Paul and Mary, one of the
most popular groups on three conti-
nents will appear In a one night
stand at the RPI Field House, Troy
on Friday, Nov. 11 at 8:30.

The group originated in Mary
Yarr'ow’s Greenwich Village apart-
ment in Spring of 1061. Withintln‘ee
months of their first appearance to-
gelher In a Village night club, they
made an album which put them on
top of the popularity charts.

A year later, their fame llflfl
become nationwide and their tours
performances
records. Winning three gold records
in quick succession, they were
sought out by television and have
performed for many top political
audiences.

On Stage
Style, Staging, Questioned
In ‘Lysistrata’ Production

by Diurru Soruorv Hi:

It is seldom that the opportunity presents itself
to “get culture” and have it good time at once. At
the risk of sounding cross, It must be admitted that
such was the opportunity presented at the staging of
the “Lysistrntn.” It Is hard to imagine where all the
ingenious Ideas used in the production came from,
but certainly r1 large portion of the] credit must go to
Dr. Pettit, and to Mr. Donnelly. tech director, for
their inventive staging.

Lest we wnx saccharine, however, it must also be
said that all was not sweetness rind Iiglitwlth “Lysin—
tratn.” That self—same singing technique was at
times distrncting. and the style of noting Itself,
though well-suited In this Interpretation of the play,
has it limited nppcnl.

’l‘oo, “Lyslstrntn” was an example of" the harm
that excess build-up can do. Miss Burbnrn Untrccht,
whose name became something of n byword around
campus, was judged before she ever not foolon Hinge.
'i‘hnf; Miss Untrncht was excellent In her role cnnnot
be denied: but neither can it be denied that she was
not perfection. (lrunictl that the style Oftllfltl I'or' exag-
geration, them were times when some vnr‘lntlon on
Miss Untrncht’a pnrt would hnvc been welcome.

It is also a pity tlmt the superb job done by Miss
Joyce Levy stole the Show right out from under not
only “Lyslntrntn,” but everyone olsc In the show us
well. Aided by Charles llnrtlctt, Mlsn Levy's por-
trayal oI' Myrrhinc left absolutely nothing to be do-
slrod. And stealing the show from :1 cast suchns
“Lysistrutu” had is no menu lent; poor jobs were
non-existent, and the magnificent comic senses of
John Fotin, who made the utmost of about three
minutes on stage, In typical of the spirit which bound
the production together.

graphy Contest.

be ready by Friday.

but a few have the added value

View" which
people through
transparent wail of squares.

parent,

 

‘ The Institute of History and Art
5 i'esen

an Humming; {kl/'1‘: :‘l’ﬁi‘é put together by the juxtaposition of
seen along with the winners of the
Kodak National High School Photo-
Madame Nov-
lotnky’s was not completely set up
at the time of this article, butshould b]

Each year the Kodak Company

holds a nationwide contest among
the junior and senior high schools
and some of the results are quite
impressive. Of course all of the
photographs are good as far as
the technical aspects are concerned,
of
being good in an artistic sense.
One photograph that Impressed
broke performancerme was one entitled “Abstract
shows a group of d,
a kind of semi-

 

  
  
     
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   

 

IONS for their December Concert are in
swing. In spite of the time lost in busing to the old campus,

Photos Show Artistic Style
Many Very Original Shots

view of the “people behind it, while
other squares cannot be seen through
at all. This particular pattern gives
the overall impression of a painting

squares containing different scenes,
some having visible and discernible
objects, others completely blocking
the view.

There was a very good study in
ack and white of starkly contrast-
ing vertical and horizontal lines,
nicely broken by the shape of a
person in the shadows. The picture
is of a building at night and shows
only the stairs and the columns at
the top of the stairs. The light falls
in such a way as to make the stairs
seem Ililke black and white stripes.
The eye follows the lines until the
continuity Is broken by a person
sitting on the steps.

The part of the exhibit that Is on
splay by Madame Novloizky is In
the corridor and consists of sev-

Some . , _
of the squaresare commeme mills- erul paintings and collages, allrlone

showing an unobstructed

in light pastels. Although some of
the paintings have more serious
hues to them, they are, for the most
part bright, cheery, and empty, al-
though one canvass has achieved a
sense of whirling motion and appears
quite chaotic. The moods of the
paintings are all the some and noth-
ing is dour.- for variety with the many
colors that she uses.

'Oriober’ locks Art,
Film Disappointing

by Robert B. Cutly

It rarnc us a greatdisappointment
lust Friday evening to learn that
Scrch M. Elscnslcirr’s acclaimed,
sornidiucumontnry, l92il classic,
“October ('I‘en Buys tlmi Shook the
Wurlrl)," is more in study In propu-
gnrulu techniques lhnn it is a work
of art.

Despite the Sllllﬂl'll i'lnvur' of u
r‘onl-lli’u documentary which por-
Inurries ilm iwu-aml-nno-lmif hour
movie, tho cornbinuiinn oi‘ lengthi-

noss and redundancy reduce the
film in n lllUl'U series of boring
upjsorlob‘.

The spectacular curling. tho
storming of the Winter l’lllllco by
tho Itorl Gunril, Is the “uni unil-
f'lllllIlX to n lilt'llil'f‘ devoted only to
pur'iln bntr'ml and ludicrous propu-
gillifiil, “Uclubor,” n technical Illiil'i-
lBi'IJlm't), fails as cinematic uri.

llut Eisenstein was not concerned
with niol'ciy pr'nsonllng the slop-by-

Htoll events of the Revolution as
they ncluully (wi'ui'r'rni. linihcr,
‘Eintcnnioin llilIllle his picture In

mugnlllccnl loclmir-nl tricks, us the
excellent clnornniugi'upliy llilll film
editing.

in the browns of lining Ibis,
Elsunstoiu, with u House of rorlun-
(luncy which Is absoluton deadly,
glnr'li'lon Louin, tho Ilolsbovlkn, and
the worker's urnl nullnrn of Petro-
grnd, whilo damning Ilro Church,
the upper and mirkilu classes, and

Pieces Show Va -~

l’Y Linda King ‘ f. * g e

The University Band, considered to! be ne'ofthe
most promising groups now on campus, lspresently
practicing diligently for their December 16 perfor-
mance in Page Hall. Under the directionvof Mr. Wil-
liam Hudson, the Band has made impressive musical
progress in the past few years and is gaining a prom,

inent place among state bands.

Because of the large
number of applicants, the
auditions this year were
very selective and only the
very best freshmen will be
performing with the group.

For their December concert the

associated with the Parisienne cafe
atmosphere. The piece grorvs to a
height of excitement as the visitor
again emerges into the light of day
and the excitement ofthe city street.

Dr. James Morris, a new mem-
ber of the music faculty, will be
featured in a performance of Hum-
mel‘s .“Trumpet Concerto." This

band is offering a repertoire which‘ classical composition was written

is varied and appealing. The pieces
range from a selection from aWag-
ierian opera to a Gershwin“blues"
piece.-

"’Llebestod"’ from Wagner’sop-
era “Tristan and Isolde"expresses
the erotic passions and tragic death
of two lovers. The piece begins with
a tone of complete stillness and calm
and slowly grows in Intensity as it
increases in volume.

Step by step the music builds,.fall-
ing back slightly after each upward
run, to an unbearable tension. After
this laborious climb reaches a cli-
max, the piece slowly subsides Into
a calm of relief.

Gershwin "Blues"

Those who enjoy contemporary
music, especially "blues," will find
enjoyment in George Gershwln's
“An American In Paris.” The work
portrays the impressions of a visitor
in Paris, as he strolls through the
city’s streets.

Gershwin begins lightly with the
suggestion of str'oet sounds the
visitor hean as he walks through
the city. When he enters a cafe the
music shifts to the “blues” sooften

North Of Broad way

specifically for Anton Weidlnger to
boost his career on the keyedtrum-
pet.

March Styles Vary ‘

The Band's December program
also includes marches in various
styles. John Philip Sousa's "Lib-
erty Bell," an excellent example’of
the American march style, Is, as
its title suggests, a rousing, pa-
triotic piece of music.

A Norwegian selection by Hanssen
entitled “Valdroes” containsastir-
ring trumpet solo. Its‘ runs suggest
the adventurous spirit closely asso-
ciated with the Scandinavian peoples.

A still different style is evidenced
by Saint Saens’ “Marche Militalre
Francaisc“ the finale from the "Al-
gerian Suite." Written in a strict
military style, this final piece is
typical of the French and Continen-
tal style.

In spite of the many problems and
the amount of time wasted busing"
students to Richardson Ilall, the
band Is making admix'ableprogress.
Because of the efforts made by the
individuals involved the loss of re-
hearsal time has been compensated
for.

'Barnivpl’ P_roducfiun Scheduled
As IInIversrty Revue Offering

by Ellis Kaufman

After "Gypsy" last year, a gen-
eral meeting was held to decide
who was to handle this year’s State
University Revue. It was a unani-
mous decision that-John lv‘olia should
direct this year. John G. Deanehan
was elected technical director, and
Ellis Kaufman chosen as producer.

The Revue this your Is in good
shape. The show this year is "Cur-
nivnl"---Illc musical which won the
New York Drama Critics Circle
Awnrd for tho ljosi Musical of the
Season.

The original production of "Car-
nival" was on llronrlwny during the
1061-1062 tlieutr'u season. Anna
Maria Albcrghetti, James Mitchell,
Pierre Olaf, Jerry Orbnch, and
Kayo Ballard starred in the broad-
way version which Gowcr Champion
directed and cllorcogr'alred.

Auditions for “Carnival” will be
held In Page Hall on Sunday, Morr-
day, nnrl Tuesday evenings Novem-

ber 20, 21, 22. Anyone in the stu-
dent body is invited to audition.Jn
addition to the many parts open in
the cast, there are many openings
in production.

What makes the Revue different
for the State University Theatre?
The revue Is entirely a studentpro-
ductlun. Every department ls run
by and headed by students. The
various department heads and as-
sistants thus far appointed are Joyce
Levy (assisixurt to the director),
Mark Cunningham (art director),
I’aulu Mlchncls (costume designer),
Anya Doinitzin (choreographer, and
Waltcr Doberty (publicity).

One of the "Will Important de-
partments is still unmanned. Pro-
perties noeils people to stuff Its
crews. A roboni‘snl pianist who
will double on musical director and
accompanist Is desperately needed.

Tickets for the production will
be on sale curly In April and we
hopefully anticipate a sellout run.

 

Geneva. Switzerland

 

tho Dvrnucrnts, Moderates, and

Leaves for Europe

ACADEMIC YEAR IN EUROPE
P. 0. Box 376

Rutherford, New Jersey 07070

Freshman. sophomore and junior years.
Also interim program.
Second semester group now forming.

Cambridge. Englqn

Jan. 20. i967.

 

 

Moncbovlks.

   
   

          
   
   
    
 

  

  

 

     
  
  
 

  

  

  
 
   

   

 
 

    
    

 

    

     
          
    
    
      
           
      
        
   
   
       
   
  
 
    
     

 

,1 , .
:1 _,. . .,,.. e-..

    
        
        
        
      
      
      
 
      
     
   

Ma-,..

 
      
     
      
 
       
   
        
      
    
      
   
      
     
     
     
 
 
       
      
     

 

 

 

