 
    
  

 
 
 

 
 

    

   
  
      
    
     
    
    
 
    
     
   
    
   
 

   
 
 

wwwﬂ'h'm-mwm .w-«V'W'M» ‘

  
  
    
   

  
  

.. .._....u..~m M

r
l
r

 

 

u "

DEBATE ON 'VIETNAM: Kenneth Crawford (left) and David Keith
Hardy present their arguments pro and can ever United States
foreign policy in Vietnam. The program was sponsored by Forum
of Politics.

Production of Poetic J.B.
Plummets in Its Presentation

by James Lobdell

  

Archibald MacLeish’s “J.B.” is less a play than a piece of dramatic
literature — that is, it reads well but plays poorly. It is essentially a
philosophical (or, if you prefer, theological) treatise which probes, in
ponderously didactic fashion, the nature of the man-God relationship.

Based on the Book of Job, it has been watered down considerably In
adaptation and lacks both the impact and import of the original. It does
contain some passages of rather good poetic quality -- in the MacLelsh
manner -- but the scriptural quotations interspersed throughout the
play seem like oases in a poetic desert.

Yet despite its faults it remains interesting because of the fascination
of its theme: what is the nature of God’s attitude toward man? what should
be man's attitude toward God? why are God’s ways so seemingly unjust
as times? why are the good so often punished and the wicked rewarded?
why cannot man understand the ways of God?

Even when read at leisure this play is not easy going, and when staged
it runs the risk of becoming a mere slogging through the quagmires of
intellectual abstraction. It is a far from easy play to produce, and any
attempt to stage it becomes thereby admirable.

As produced by University Theatre last week, it was precisely that --
an admirable attempt. But it failed to come off. And it failed to come off
for more reasons than just its shortcomings as a play. it lacked excite-
ment. And the fault lay in both acting and directing.

With a string of notable successes ("Dr. Faustus," "Murder in the
Cathedral,” "The Maids") dangling from his theatrical trophy-belt,
Director Jarka Burian has led State audiences to expect an exceptionally
high caliber of production to result from all his efforts. Thus, our disap-
pointment is all the greater when he fails to fulfill our expectations.

But with the noble intention, perhaps, of making‘thisadmlttedly difficult
play more readily understandable, he paced it so slowly that it became, at
times, almost unbearably dull. Many of the speeches were delivered with
a kind of ritualistic intonation -- a device which might have proved more
effective If used more sparingly -- ’the play is, after all, a reenactment
of the ritual of Job’s suffering. But with a few exceptions -- most notably
in those scenes which contrast Job's stoicism and acceptance of catastrophe
with emotionality of his wife, Sarah -- rather than enhancing the play’s
dramatic impact, it merely increased the monotony inherent in Mac-
Leish’s stilted dialogue. ,

Most of the intoning was done by Carl Cusato in the title role, though
Ed Lange as Zuss and F. Scott Regan as Nickles ran him, respectively,
a close second and third. Mr. Cusato has a rich and potentially flexible
voice, but he failed to exercise it to its full capacities in this production.
What was more regrettable was his inability to grasp the spiritual essence
of his character, and to make the depth of J.B.'s suffering stand before
the audience which witnesses its inexorable and horrifying progress with
the awful majesty it should possess.

Mr. Lange and Mr. Regan had by far the choicest parts In the show,‘l
portraying two grandiloquent actors who enact the roles of God and Satan
in‘ the “play” which is really the life of Job. Both were prey to a number
of unfortunate physical mannerir ms which were at first interesting, but
rapidly became boring with too frequent repetition. Machishwrote a good
deal of wry, ironic humor into these roles, but it somehow failed to come
across; and while both these actors display an abundance of acting poten-
tial, most of it remains as yet unrealized.

Florence Kaem, as Job’s wife, Sarah, was sometimes strikingly effec-
tive. In fact, in the scene where she learns that the last of her children is
dead, she provided her audience with the most emotionally effective acting
in the play. This occurred near the end of the first act. Unfortunately, at
the beginning of the second, she seemed to have lost all that had made
her performance so attractive earlier, and from then on things got worse
instead of better.

In minor roles, Gino Farinacci, Gabrielle \Vellol‘ll, Judith Mattox and
Robert Cutty were especially effective. All in all, there was perhaps too
little evidence of ensemble among the members of the cast to render the
production as effective as it might have been. Each actor seemed to be
struggling so valiantly to confront the difficulties of his own role that the
play as an entirety was overlooked. Hence, the appearance of many good
“bits” which interrupted an otherwise unrelleved monotony.

An enormous amount of effort went into this production. Trinity Church
is far frotn an ideal theatre -- but any place can become a theatre if the
spirit and excitement of creation is part of the equipment. Technical as-
pects of the show were apparently flawless. The set was unobtrusive but
interesting, and most noteworthy for its flexibility. It was a well-designed
and executed setting for this play, being somehow reminiscent of both
Elizabethan and Medieval stages though not structurally similar to either.

Dr. Burlap made good use of the various level, creating a number of
dramatically interesting stage pictures, but movement was, like dialogue,
too deliberate and too unvaried tnost of the time. The chorus of women
was a decided exception to this generalization. Their movement was ex-
actly what it should have been -- stealthy,curious, awed, exhausted. ’l‘heir
scenes were among the better-performed in the production,

"J.B." is the kind of play that ought to be done more often, and in this
respect, our thanks to Dr. Burton and hiscast, Mr. Donnelly and his crew.
We wish that it might have come off better somehow, but all theatrical ex-
periences are valuable to those whoparttcipatcinthem, if only for the sake
of experience. Next time, perhaps a hit. Ami if not, still some moments of

i

      
 

Hill Illlllfal Society
Plans Presentation
liI Mendelssohn Work

The Capitol Hill Choral Society

will present a presentation of Felix
Mendelssohn’s “Elijah” (complete)
at 8:30 pm. on Wednesday, May 11

n Chancellor’s Hall.

Soprano Soloist
Soloists include Sylvia Khatcha-

ist with the Chautauqua Symphony
and will concentrate on Wagnerian
and other dramatic roles in New
York during the coming season.

Broadway Musical
Rosalind Hupp (Alto) returns to
the Choral Society after a varied
and active 1964-65 season which
included recordings with the Robert

Shaw Chorale, a solo part in the
N.Y.S. Theatre. This summer she and the Committee [or state Security, the

4,.sacmm  “Spy” u

 

)  _ y. . Tuesday, May lo, ms

Tells  III, MC'IIIOII‘S' '
THE PENKOVSKIY PAPERS by Oleg Penkovakiy, Intro-
duction and commentary by Frank Gibney, translated by

Peter Deriabin; illustrated 411 pages. NEW YORK: Double-
day and Co., $5.95. '

by Douglas Auster

One can see by the type of reviews written about it that the "Penkovskiy
Papers" were not expected to become a number one best seller. Not that
reviewers felt it was bad, but their equivooal preoccupation with Its auth-
enticity left no room for. much thought of the book itself as a source of
information which so many people would read and intepret.

in opposition to what "Izvestiya" and the trial transcript, contained in

. the book, had to say, it is clear that Penkovskiy was the best spy catch

the West has ever had. lie was Deputy Chief of the Foreign Department of
the Directorate for Foreign Relations of the State Committee for the
Coordination of Scientific Research Work of the Council of Ministers of
the U.S.S.R. (the exact relationship and workings of his committee, a
clearning house for all intelligence in modern industry and technology,

. is explained in detail as Is each of the elaborately named organizations).

As a graduate of several military technical schools, including the Mill-
tary Diplomatic Academy (Army Intelligence School), he was a Colonel
in the GRU, the Chief Intelligence Directorate of the General Staff of the
Soviet Army. It was his job to head and receive trade missions, ajob
that must be cleared by the Central Committee of the Communist Party,
to run the intelligence work of the missions, and, just before his capture,
to size up British nationals for intelligence work in Britain. That he was
a trusted member bf the elite is definite. It was his position which enabled
him to pass to London over 5,000 photos of diversified top secret docu-
ments. In fact, after his arrest there were demotions as well as disap-
pearances of officials and over 800 Soviet intelligence networks were
overhauled.

Will Not Reveal Where He Got Manuscript

The translator, who was an ex-Sovlet intelligence officer himself and
has worked for the CIA, will not reveal how he received the Russian
manuscript, nor will he let anyone inspect it except the censors of the
Central Intelligence Agency. Naturally, the validity of the “Papers” has
brought comments of all kinds. During an interview, a member of the
Ukrainian S.S.R. Mission to the U.N. told me that it was a“complete

dourian (soprano) of Loudonville ”
who won the first Kirsten Flagstad fabrication o! the CIA'
Memorial Fund Award and has ap-
peared as guest soloist with the
Rochester Philharmonic and Civic
Orchestra, the Rochester Oratorio
Society and the ’I‘roy vocal society.
This summer she was guest 5010-

have no reason to doubt that he wrote for public consumption "my
thought about a system in which I live, and my revolt against this sys-
tem.” However, as the "Economist" pointed out (parts of the text) to
expert eyes look like insertions or revisions by another hand.” I’m
dubious about the authenticity of the “Papers” in its entirety. To be
sure, if I were an “interested party" I would find this a perfect oppor-
tunity to alter or add certain parts to help any propa nda effort. -
The "Papers" had no literary style. Thoughtsan facts were repetitious
digressions were many, contradictions appear a few times, and insignifi-
ant names are thrown in, explained or not. Some chapters, dominated by
emotion or gossip, were easy bed time reading; other chapters were based
on more technical points, usually of espionage, which would be laborious
for many readers. 7
, Convincing West of Danger
Penkovskiy was concerned with convincing the people of the West of
the danger the extent of Soviet espionage presents. Himself an intelligence
officer, he was able to tell us theorganlzational aspects of Soviet intelli-
gence, including the competition between his intelligence group, the GRU,
KGB; how legal and illegal

53“ the T019 0’ Mun" Abbe“ 1“ rezidenturas (spy networks) are setup, the technical aspects of how they

Chicago and Milwaukee and will

seen in the Broadway musical “An-

ya” this fall.

 

When you can't
’afford to be dull.
sharpen your wits
~ with NoDozm

NODOZ Keep Alert Tablets light off
the hazy, lazy feelings of mental
sluggishness. NODOZ helps restore
your natural mental vitality . helps
quncken physical reactions. You be—
come more naturally alert to people
and conditions around you. Yet
NODOZ Is as solo as coffee. Anytime
. when you can't afford to be dull,
sharpen your wus wuh NODOZ

SAFE AS COFFEE

 

act In a country like the U.S., and their subordinate relationship with the
Soviet ambassadors to each foreign country; and how some members of
trade delegations belong to the GET] or KGB, the others being co-opted,
while working on espionage projects from picking up dead drops for a
local rezidenturas, to spying on military installations, to finding out such
commercial technological secrets as the manufacture of artificial fur
with cloth backing.

One important element seems to be missing which might otherwise
make things more believable. That is the way in which the spying itself
is carried out. I am not looking for a James Bond thriller, butlcan't
imagine how some of their objectives are achieved. How, for example,
can a person, co-opted in one day, be expected to learn the process and
ingredients of solid fuel for missiles by visiting a chemical enterprise
in the West? It is in this expectation that any person on a trade mission
is supposed to find out something important (or not go abroad again) that
makes the whole description at least unreal.

Penkovskiy says that "Kruschev is not popular among the people.
Everybody criticizes him." In addition he says that when the West ap-
peases Russia (e.g. Hungary), Kruschev will get more confidence for his
irresponsibility, but when the West gets firm (e.g. Cuba), he will back
down, since he knows ultimately that the East is not ready to fight an
unlimited war.

On his trips abroad, Penkovskiy was always asked to bring back large
lists of items. "Survivals of capitalism are In everybody's mind, es~
peclally love for good things." What's more, “among my friends, party
members of today, there is none that believes in communism."

After spending much time In foreign countries, he saw how natural and
unaffected the people behaved-as though no such thing as secret police
oxistedl lie was invited to places where he was treated as a friend, as an
equal businessman. Is it that they are so naive, "or is it that suspicions
and denunciations, so widespread in our country, simply have no place
in the life of England and France?"

For the reasons outlined here, and others, Oleg Penkovskiy decided to
become an ideological defector. He found a distinction, as Lenin did too,
between the People, “nat'do,” and the regime, “nachalstvo;" he wanted
to help the people he lovod.

Decay Penetrotos All Levels

lie describes a Soviet society in which you can do anything with con-
nections, in which “moral decay penetrates all levels of party and gov-
ernment leadership." But even with Increased anti-religious propaganda,
the number of people going to church has increased. Baptism of children,
even of Party members, is widespread. "The food situation in the country
.remains extretnely serious  there have been more instances of people
attacking the militia.”

It might be true that part of the object of “The Penkovskiy Papers,”
"people of the world, be vigilant," is consistent with certain policies
of the D.A.lt., the John Birch Society, etc. That of itself does not mean
the book is a fabrication. For If the test Is how the book affected the
reader, then let me say that rather titan become pessimistic with fear
and disgust, I am now more optimistic. I know that the leaders and the
people in the Soviet Union are very much human, I know that, even thouin
their system is dark, all Is not black, noris our system white- we
have competition between our CIA, Fill, and DIA, and our CIA is, by
order of President Kennedy, subordinate to our ambassadors In foreign
countries; I know that Penkovskiy was not alone with his discontent of the
Russian system, and hopefully such feeling will move men enough to work
for "narod" rather than “nalchalstvo,” But this is too political, and we

 

 

excitement.

don‘t know how political this book is.

 

 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
       
  

 

 

 

  

 

 

  
 

 
   
  
  

  

 

  

 

   

 

 

  

BUSINESS AS USUAL—Lynda Wilson, Brewster, Wash. (Univ. of
Washington) returned to work as reading instructor at a lepro«
sartum near Santo Domingo after last year's coup in the Dominican
Republic. At height of fighting she worked as hospital orderly
along with many other Peace Corpsmen. Volunteers were recog~
nized and given safe passage by both sides during the fighting.

 

THE INDIVIDUAL

Iconoclasts: Trees Do
Not A Forest Create

In an era of the non-university, the Peace Corps has the non-
Voluntcer. The “image” Volunteer seems to exist only in the mind
of the public; Peace Corpsmen find such consensus misleading if not
mythological. What a Volunteer does and what overseas‘cxpcricnce
does to him are widely varying and completely individual. matters.
If is impossible to say “IIu‘r is what it‘s like." At best, a description
of the Peace Corps Forest comes from a collection of viewpoints
from the individual Volunteer Trees:

 

WHA 7’8 ON
THE INSIDE

TRAINING: The making of a Vol-
unteer—the target is rele-
vancy.

See Page 3

WHERE THE ACTION IS: Maps
pinpoint Peace Corps projects
abroad. Page 7

1966 TRAINING PROGRAMS: A
directory of Overseas open-
ings in 46 nations. Page 6

TRADITION: ‘They Laughed When
We Sat Down at the World to
Play’ Page 2

WHAT’S IT LIKE?: Volunteers
describe some of the prob-
lems they face in Africa, Far
East and Latin American as-
signments. Pages 4, 5

IMPACT: Can Peace Corps effec-
tiveness be measured? Some
scientists have tried. Page 3

EDUCATION: The Peace Corps
tries to melt a Freudian ice
cap. Page 2

 

“I claim we joined the Peace
Corps because it represented a new
form of action . . . a belief in the
dignity and worth of individual
human beings against all that would
oppress them; a faith that the right
decisions are those that people make
for themselves; that only the people
can identify the problems that arc
basic for them. and that the only
lusting solutions are those that pco-
plc work out for themselves."
—Gcorgc Johnson, Princeton, I959,

Tanzania

"It's my world nnd I am responsi-
blc for it and therefore I wanted
to become involvcd~Not just to
sit bchind n desk in the slates. make
money and go skiing on weekends."
—Ilill Cull, University of Califor-

nln nf Ilcrkcley, I963. Malaysia

“I'm stirc lllitl my gotllsvthosc
lirsl lllt)llglll\~——liilvc chungcd nl
lcttst Iiity times. I say changed. but
I I'llcilll shifted, or grown, or ‘ma-
tnrcd' . . . modified by realism over-
coming idealism. Experience. ndnp-
union, and rcultzuiion hummer away
high flown ideals and occasionally

shutter them. It becomes a font
to concentrate on existing. But
ldculs really don't get lost . . . they

turn up when an awfully bud kid

ﬁnally \hupcs up or an insolcnt
lccnngc girl hugs you and says
‘thunks.’ If I'm still here next

year. it will be because there is a

challenge. a reason."

—Carol Fineran, Southeastern Col-
lege. I964, Venezuela

“I live in a picturesque bamboo
mut house I built myself, I buy
my water from a picturesque boy

Turn In Page 5

  
   

 (no

   
  
   
 
 
 
 

 

 

FIFTH BIRTHDAY

Derided in its infancy as a futile
attempt at international goodwill,
the Peace Corps observes its ﬁfth
birthday this spring as an estab-
Iished force for world change that
has succeeded beyond the dreams of
many of its supporters.

Testimonials to the increasing
potency of its globe-circling opera-
tions come in a variety of ways,
among them:

I Once ridiculed by detractors as
"Kennedy's Kiddie Corps." the
brash young organization has bc-
come the most widely copicd organi-
zation of its kind in the world.
Thirty nations in Europe, Latin
America. Asia and Africa have
created international or national
voluntary service agencies modeled
after the Peace Corps.

I About 10.200 Volunteers are
now at. work .in. dﬁJmerging na-
tions, and the demand for them has
long exceeded the supply. As a re-
sult, the requests of more than 20
nations for Volunteers have had to
be turned down.

Another measure of its effective-

Brash Idea for Waging Peace Comes of Age

ness is that the Peace Corps, which
struggled in its early years to prove
that Americans could live abroad
without supermarkets, is now talk-
ing about nation-building.

Nation-Building in Africa

This concept is seen most readily
in Africa, where in six nations more
than one-half of all high-school
teachers with college degrees are
Peace Corps Volunteers. In Nigeria
one out of three students —- or
more than 50,000 a year — are
taught by Volunteers. In Malawi the
work of fewer than 200 Volunteer
teachers has enabled the government
to triple secondary school enroll-
mcni from 2.500 to 7.600.

In Latin America, Volunteers are
bringing a signiﬁcant number of
people into a real relationship with
their own governments for the first
time. A Peace. Corps educational tel-
evision project in Colombia is mak-
ing a deep impact on remote areas
and. in the process. revolutionizing
that nation's public education sys-
mm.

In Chile. a credit union movement

 

57 VARIETIES OF LANGUAGE—A French instructor at Putney, Vt.
gives Guinea-bound trainee a critique during lab session. Peace
Corps is now the country's biggest consumer of foreign language
materials. Some 10,000 trainees received up to 300 hours each of
Instruction during past year in one or more of 57 languages.
some of which have not yet been formalized In text books.

   

spurred by Volunteer efforts is, ac-
cording to one observer, "blooming
like wildflowers." Moderate interest
loans are now available for the first
time in many areas there.

Peace Corps health programs are
making life longer and more enjoy-
able for large numbers of peoples
in the developing world. While
nurses and public health workers
have been attracted to Peace Corps
service from the beginning, doctors
have always been in short supply.

Doctors ’ Prokct

A breakthrough came in the sum-
mer of I965, when I7 doctors were
trained as a group in North Caro-
lina and assigned to posts in seven
nations of Asia and Africa. It was
the largest group of Volunteer doc-
tors ever traincd together for service
overseas. The Peace Corps. in an
unprecedented move, allowed them
to take along their dependents. Ulfi-
mately. Peace Corps Director Sar-
gent Shrivcr says, the agency's
overseas medical program should in-
clude “at least 500 doctors."

. But as the Peace Corps enters its
stxth year, it appears that the agency
may have its most important effects
on the United States itself — effects
transmitted through the returned
Volunteer.

6.000 Returned Volunteers

In a letter to a friend, a former
Peace Corpsman once wrote: "The
thing about the Peace Corps is that
it doesn't end for you after two
years." In expressing a desire for
continued service and involvement,
this Volunteer was speaking for
most returned Peace Corpsmen.

As of January I. I966, more than
l8.l)00 persons had received Peace
Corps training and more than 6,000
had successfully completed two years
of service as Volunteers. It is esti-
mated that this number will reach

50.000 by I970 and 200,000 by
I980.
Already the effect of returned

Volunteers is being felt in the na‘
lion's War on Poverty. More than
lot) of them currently are engaged
in the US. Ofﬁce of Economic Op-
porlnnily anti-poverty program.

PCV Role Misunderstood

Despite the good showing. the
mic of Ihe Volunteer overseas is
often misunderstood. This is due in
part to the fact that the role is
unique, whether the Volunteer is
working in community development
in Latin America or teaching sixth-
gradcrs in Africa.

Overseas the Volunteer has loyal-
ties both to his host country and to
Ihe United States. He is a spoken-
man for America and yet quite in-
dependent. He works on his own:

Turn Io Page 4

    

   
 

