         
   
     

   
  
  
 

 
 
  

   

  

  
  
    
     
     
  
     
    

 1‘1— ‘-

~. NE. ; ﬁzz-1.3””

 

 ’- inseam” Rathgeb "

 

.  ,uyou; appen to walk in a few
linih’utes, late to “The Silencers?
and. see three very gorgeous young
ladies in the midst of three very
provocative burlesque routines, all
in'blazing color up there on the wide
screen, dot'not bedismayed’; do not
wonder if someone has substituted
a stag film for the regular feature.
It just ‘so happens that those are
the opening scenes to the iatest,and
perhaps naughtiest, of all spy pic-
tures to date.

Underciad Heroine!

While “The Silencers" has an
over-abundance of peek-a-boo bath-
ing suits and underclad heroines, it
also has fast and furious action and
scores of very funny gag lines. it
also has Dean Martin, which in this

case is an asset. _ " ‘7

Abandoning his martini glass and
wine bottles only long enough to
manipulate some' way-out secret
agent gimmickry or cavort with a
beautiful girl, Martin charges,
stumbles and bounces his way
through 103. minutes of calculated
tom-foolery.

Undounted’ Agent

As Matt Helm, undaunted agent of
the American counter-espionage or-
ganization called ICE, Martin’s mis-
sion is to thwart the fiendish plans
of a diabolical Chinese maniac (Vic-
tor Buono). The Chinaman’s equally
fiendish organization has a plan to
divert a United States missile from
its course so that it falls in a test
area where a nuclear device has
just been exploded.

The idea is for the crash of the
missile to spread radioactivity

Allen ’Addresses Conservatives
Obiect: Reforming Radicals

by Robert Cutty

Steve Allen, noted television and
night club personality has, for the
past decade, been apromlnent socio-
political commentator and public
speaker as well, mostly in his state
of California.

Allen has usually spoken on behalf
of the Liberal establishment and,
thus, has clashed with conservatives
all across the country, his television
shows having helped to publicly
spread his ideas.

It is rather apparent that Allen's
camera-oriented political lectures
have embedded in his mind the idea
that he has the right at any time to
reveal his thoughts on any and all
subjects to some several million
(give or take afew thousands) people
simultaneously: literally he has en-
joyed and still enjoys the rare privi-

' lege of constantly shootinghis mouth
off.

Allen's pet peeve of the moment

is not Communism, which hetackles
as adroitly as an elephant lumber-
ing up a mountain of cliches while
-under the influence of alcohol in
his latest book “Letter to a Con-
servative,” but,
viously indicates, the old Ameri-
can institution of Conservatism.

Not Donounclng

But Allen insists at several dozen
points in his tract that he does not
denounce Conservatism (as he, too,
was once one of the fold before he
received a “Liberal” education)
but rather the pseudo-patriotism
of anti-religious Radical Conserva-
tism. It is for the benefit of the
"psychotic," "uneducated," “big-
oted” radical rightist that this book
is truly intended.

What ubsurd trashl For, while
Allen is positively detailing the list
of radical offenses against good
taste, decency, ethics, American-
ism, and sundry other virtues, he
simultaneously calls the radicals
dangerous mudmeu who should re-
turn to the fold of sound, but silent,
Conservative standards.

What ridiculous rubbish! l-‘or,
willie Allen, an out-and-out Liberal
describes the trucpnthoftraditionul
American Conservative values, he
literally tears apart the niulnthcscs
and arguments of even the lending,
respectable Conscrvntiw intellect-
usul, virtually requesting thclr si-
le'nco on any and till irlous supported
by the Liberals.

Ultur Junk

Wlmt utter ptnkl i or, uhllc Allan
uses semantics, logic, and common
House to support Liberal theses, ho
piousiy insists that evcn Liberalism
in such a broad category that it may
contain within its guiostmoughlunu-
tics Willi \llllf'li to confront tho rudi-
cal right and that hisownpbllosophy
of Moderate Liberalism (theoreti-
czilly linked to Moderate L'ollsurvu-
tislni is truly A political \‘nlhnlla.

After indulging in ogoubnlltilng‘
~for so many years, one wottld like
to presume that Ailcn may try, at
lost, to do something of u more

as the titletob- -

constructive nature, such as be a
comedian, a voariet-show host, or
a composer, all of which he has
done and continues to doeven today.

Allen, at least, is scrupulous
enough to indicate, at the very
beginning and, then, at scattered
places throughout this work that the
book is being published for the bene-
fit of the American people to know
the views of one self-important man
on the facts concerning the problem
of Radical Conservatism. He spe-
cifically indicated that his work is
not to be misinterpreted as aschol-
arly failure. Never was so little
wasted on so many.

One of Allen’s earliest criticisms
of the radical right is that “the
people who know very little are at-
tacking the people who know a great
deal." In is case, one would like
to learn more is attacking one who
thinks he has learned enough. For
those who are interested, the book
is published by Doubleday at the
price of $4.95: It isn't worth it:
instead buy one of Allen’s earlier
works dealing with humor; it’s won-
derfully light bedtime reading. This
is recommended only for the mah-
ong set.

 

When you can’t

afford to be dull,

sharpen your wits
with NoDoz,,,

NOD02 Keep Alert Tablets light oil
the holy. lon feelings of mental
sluggtshnuss, NODoz holptl restore
your natural montnl vitality .liolps
quicken physical reactions. You be
como moru naturally plan to people
and conditions nround you, Yul
NoDoz is as unto as cotton. Anytime
, . when you can't afford to be dull.
sharpen your wits with NODOZ.

SAFE AS COFFEE

 
  

0001

~... .: um..-

   

 

 

   

 

  

-acrossth‘e 'sout
United :States and, maybe help to
start a. nuclear war, thusieaving
the diabolical Chinese maniac mas-
ter of what was left of the world.

Matt Helm's job is quite simple.

All by his lonesome (women, of 

course, always being optional), he
must thwart the plans of those evil-
doers.

Holm's Gadgets

Some of the tnost impressive
items in the film, again discluding
the women, are‘ the gadgets that
Matt Helm uses as part of his daily
routine: 3 camera that shoots darts
as well as pictures; agunthat shoots
not the one it is being point at, but
the one who points it; coat buttons
that, when torn off, make very good
grenades.

One thing indeed that this film does
not lack is action. In one long se-
quence, Martin and his girlfriend
(Stella Stevens) are driving along a
mountain road, hot on the trail of
the villains. Two of the opposition
converge on them suddenly from op-
posite directions, in an attempt to
flatten Mutt Helm toasteel-encased
pancake.

Fancy Evasion
Miraculously, our herodoes sonte
very fancy evasion, and after a fran—
tic chase, manages to dispose ofhis
pursuers very neatly.

Toward the end of the film, he is
equally undaunted and manages to
completely decimate the headquar-
ters of the diabolical Chinese man-
iac, despite machine g‘ims‘and ro-
tating laser beams.

The entire cast is entirely effec-
tive. Martin fills his role perfectly,
and Daliah Lavi is equally effective
as Martin's spymate.

Dumb-Blonds Typo .

The best of the lot, however, is
Stella Stevens as the suspected es-
pionage agent. Miss Stevens is a
most adept comedienne, and she catt
play the dumb-blonde type to per-
fection.

if you happen to miss "The Si-
lencers," Martin will soon be star-
ring in another Matt Helm picture
titled "Murderer's Row." if that
film has half the action and stu-
pendus ltokum of this one, it is
well worth going to see.

jot Amid!

at

‘r,.'.

 

- Rater

Draper Hall
135 Western

 

heastern part of the

SPRING unou JACKETS av nu

White-Maroon-Oyster-Nauy

‘, .Smaii-Medium-Large-X‘Large ‘

STATE UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE

  
  
 
       
 
 
 
 
  
 
       
 
     
     
  
       
    

PREPARING FOR "1.5.": Members of the cost are now ire-
'heorsing for “LE.” to be presented April 26—30 t" the T75"-
ity Methodist Church. ‘

Comedy Arts Theatre
Plans Summer Session

An unusual opportunity for male and female undergraduates to be part
of a unique theatre venture is being offered by Skidrnore College. The
College has announced its continuing sponsorship of The Comedy Arts
Theatre which will open its second slimmer season July 6th in the his-
toric New York resort city of Saratoga Springs.

Unlike most summer theatres, the company has been organized for a‘
specific artistic purpose. As expressed by its founders, the long range
aim of The Comedy Arts Theatre is “to build a repertory company
specializing in the performance of the many different styles of comedy.”
A list of the highly-successful first season’s plays is representative of
this: "The Importance of Being Earnest,” “The Madwoman of Chaillot,”
“Only When I Laugh," (by Jules Feiffer), and "She Stoops to Conquer.”
The group is developing a theatre worthy of the rest of the ambitious per-
forming arts program that will be featured this summer. A lavish new
ballet and concert theatre will open at the Saratoga Spa State Park with
the New York City Ballet and the Philadelphia Orchestra in residence
during July and August.

Slightly expanded over last year, the resident acting company will
comprise a nucleus of experienced players who will carry the most diffi-
cult roles in the season of four comedies. All supporting roles will be
cast from among the group of undergraduates participating in the sum-
mer program, all of whom will be eligible to try out for every play. Sev-
eral people who were students last summer will return either as mem-
bers of the resident acting company or the production staff.

For the undergraduates, the Skldtnore College Drama Department is
offering a training program of four college-credit courses: Acting,
Dance for Actors, Technical Theatre, and Rehearsal and Production,
Registration will be limited to assure ample opportunity for all to par-
ticipate in the program. Several work aid scholarships are available.
Interested students are urged to write promptly to: The Producer, The
Comedy Arts Theatre, Skidinore College, Saratoga Springs, N.Y. 12866.
Representatives will be attending the Yale Festival of Undergraduate
Drama at the end of March to interview interested under raduaies.

SHIPMENT 0F

 

l00% Nylon
Water Repellent
Zipper Front

Hand Washable
Colors

Sizes

’1.

Price
$9.31 to $9.81

 

Ext. 129 ‘

A no. A Many, N. Y.

 

 

   

 

      
        
         
   

 

   

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
    
  
  
    
 
 
  
   
  
    
        
    
 
    
    

   
  
      
  
      
    
    
  
  
   
     
  
  
  
   
 
  

 

    
   
  
 
    
   
    
   
  
   
      

AME-en;

A Free
‘ University

 

WILL YOU BE-
CLOSED OUT?

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

TO PERFORM SATURDAY NIGHT: The Now Yorlt Brass Quintet will periorm in Page Hall tomor-
They are the only ensemble of its kind concortiling

row night under the auspices oi Music Council.
regularly throughout the world.

Brass Quintet to Perform, inipageﬂ ,
Noted for Renaissance, Baroque Music

The New York Brass Quintet will
present a concert in Page Hall,
Saturday, April 16, at 8:15 p.m.The
Quintet is the only ensemble of its
kind concertizing throughout the
world.

York Brass Quintet so impressed
their audiences that such distin-
guished tnodern composers as Rich-
ard Arnell, Malcolm Arnold, Alex
Wilder, Eugene Bozza and Gunther

Each member of the group is n
gradume o, a conservmoryl and a“ Schuller began creating music es-
' peclally for the group.

acquired both experience and pros-
tlge as individual performers inor-
chestras headed by such notable
conductors as Stokowski, lieiner,
Stravinsky, and Bernstein.

Along with these modern com-
positions, the Quintet presents a

The five musicians, whoobserved
a rapid growth of interest in brass
music since the Second World War,

Wednesday in

James Farmer will speak in Page
llull Wednesday, April '20, at 8:00
p.m. The program will be spon-
sorod by Freedom Council.

Farmer, until twu months ago,
was the National Director of the
Congress of Racial Equality, a post
he held for many years. in 1042,
during his student days at the Uni-‘
versity of Chicago, he was one of
the half dozen people who formed
the first chapter of the group and
since that time he has been largely
responsible for the direction and
successes tlmt the group has shown
in the civil rights struggle.

Loaves Cure

in curly March of this year, he
left his post for n position in the
Federal Office of Economic Oppor-
tunity. At this time the program
that he is to hand, concerning etu-
ployment for the poor, is not yet
budgeted and in action. it is also
quite vague in the minds of many
but romplnined of the luck of in- in the civil rights movement and
tullet'llllil ntmosphorc among the out. Explaining his soemingclmnge
students. of direction from the hand of a

The pnnol will consist of three militant private group, to the head
fm-ulty members and n student. of u bureaucratic government ugen.
The faculty members will be Dr, cy will be one of his subjects this
Murk llcrgcr of tho itJdncntion De- Wednesday.
pnrtment, Dr. Walter Knotts of‘the in the past Farmer has come into
English Dopnrtmeni and Mr. thr- tho nutionul anti wot'ltlspotlightsev- :
rcn Roberts of the History Depnrt- ornl times due to Ills pornonnlleud- ‘
ment. ’l‘itnothy Atwell is the student orship of many protest demonstra-
puneilst. Kon Fuchstuun will lliuti- tions throllizlluut the country. liahus
ornm, explained ills philosophy in these

The Golden Eye is u student. matters by quoting tho famous ex-
fucnlty coffeehouse open every Fri- change between 'l‘horonu - lll lull
day from nine to midnight. at the time for civil diobedience .

decided to form a team which would
rocrentc both the older Renaissance
and baroque music for brnsses and
establish a new chamber music for
themselves.

Armed with two trumpets, French
horn, trombone and lllllil, the New

EyePanel to Discuss
'Has Alhanyﬁhanged?’

rho (ioldon Eye wlildiscuss "this
Albuny Stttte Changed" tonight. The
tnlto-ofi point for thctlist-ussionwill
be ilnvitl lioroff's article on Allmny
Stutc in lutil. lioroli thought thut
Allmny Win; it good libornl arts school
and mi excellent ieucher's college.
He prniscd the “scholarly” fuctllty,

James Farmer to Speak

Outstanding
 Added to Faculty

Thirty-five new faculty members have been ap-
pointed to the School of Education for the 1966-67
academic year. Among those appointed are several
nationally known figures in the field of education.

Dr. Arthur A. Hitchcock
will serve as professor of
education in the Depart-
ment of Guidance and Per-
sonal Services. Dr. Hitch-
cock has been an active
leader in_the field of guid-
ance.

Dr. Murray Phillips

Appointed asSOclate professor of
educational media, Dr. Murray G.
Phillips has participated in the Uni-
ted States Office of Education pro-
gram to develop educational media
programs at all educational levels.

Presently an associate professor
at Hofstra University, l'lempstead,
New York, Dr. Phillips has served
as a member of the executive com-
mittee of the New York State Audio-
visual Council.

He received his Ph.D. from Yale
and has acted as executive director
of the American Personnel and Guid-
ance Association for ten years.

A member of the American Psy-
chological Association and the Coun-
cil of National Organization for
Children and Youth, Dr. Hitchcock
is also a consultant to the Depart-
ment of Labor and the U. S. Office
of Education.

Pialllo Given
Grant To Study
In Mexico

Senior Joseph Pizillo has been
awarded a state-wide Rotary Foun-
dation Fellowship of $4700 which
will send him to the University of
Mexico for a year of study.

   
  
  
 

Floyd 1. Brewer, the past presi-
dent of the American Association of
College Unions, has been appointed
associate: pr, "nor. in the. Depart-_
ment of Gd dance and Personnel
Services.

Dr. Jerome Eckstein will teach
Social Foundation of Education and
Philosophy of Education and is cur-
rently in the faculty of the Adelphi-
Suffolk College.

Dr. Eckstein has published sev-
eral articles and revisions and re-
ceived his Ph.D. in philosophy from
Columbia University in 1961.

Piziilo will leave in August to

work toward a master’s degree in
Spanish literature at the Univer-'
sity. He will alsobe devoting part.
of his time to the social work which
he grant involves, participating in
such projects as constructing
churches and aiding needy areas
. and families.
number of selections which aiepre-
Bach in content, such as the anti-
phonal works of sixteenth and seven-
teenth century composers. Also,
several late eighteenth and early
nineteenth century pieces have been
added to increase the group's reper-
toire.

Based on Recommendations
The fellowship is based on high
school and college records, rec-
ommendations, and submission of
a composition in the language which
the applicant has chosen to study.
There is one grant given through-

The concert, which is sponsored 0‘” “"5 Slate 1" 930“ language field.‘

by Music Council, is open to the
public. Admission is by student tax,
or $3.00.

History oi Education
Dr. llyman Kuritz will join the
faculty as a professor of History
of American Education and Social
Foundations of Education. He re-

Pizillo submitted his application
in his junior year. “Pep” placed
second in New York State, and be-
ceived his Ph.D. in history from came the maple"! or the gram
Cowmbm Unwersuy ,” 1058. when the first-place winner refused

  The recipient of the "Outstand-
ing Teacher Award" at Delaware
University, Professor Kuritz has
also written extenstively for jour-
t nals.

Degree in Spanish
Pizillo hopes to receive his mas-
ter's degree in Spanish literature,
and then plans to return to work for
a second degree in the field of stu-
dent personnel.

and Emerson, outside visiting him:

“Thoreau, my dear friend, what
are you doing in there?"

"Emerson, my dear friend, what
are you doing out there?" Also lit the field of education, Di‘.
Richard M. Clark will join the fac-
ulty as professor of educational
psychology and is presently upro-
fessor of educational psychology at
Oneonto State College.

a

"Pep," a brother of Alpha Pi
Alpha, has had an active career at
SUNYA. This year he leads his
class as senior class president,
and also captains the varsity base-
ball team. A resident assistant at
Johnson liall, he has been elected
to MYSKANIA, and his name ap-

pears tn “Who's Who in American
Colleges."

Arrostnd Several Times

in his role as leader of demon-
strntions, he has been arrested
several times. The last time was
during a demonstration in Louis-
lnnn in 1963. lie was the leader of
America's first Freedom Ride for
which he was also arrested. Looti-
ing CORE demonstrators at the
World's Fair, in 1964, he was al-
most arrested.

U

irony

Dr. Eugene A. Currino, presently
the reading supervisor of Lakeland
Schools, Mohegan Luke, N.Y. will
join the faculty as an nssocintepro-
lessor in the reading program.

Associate Prolossor in English

Dr. Norris Finder, presently an
associate professor of English at
Western Washington State College,
Bollington, Washington, will become
- an associate professor of English
education.

   

 

t-

Professor Finder, who is‘ cur-
rently on the board of directors of
the National Council of 'i‘oachors of
English, has written many articles
in the field of English education, and
received his Ph.D. in Education
131:)!" the University of Chicago in

'0.

Professor Richard ll. Ellis, pro-
sontly the supervisor of the Safety
Education of the State Education
Department, will join the faculty as
assistant professor of Driver Ed.
ucation in the Department of Physi-
cal Education, Recreation and
Safety.

 

James Former

J°‘°Ph Piulllo

, VOL. Ll,-Nr—.
Educators  

  
     
  

    
      

 
    
  
  

    
   
   

 
 

  

  
     

    
  
  

 

