. ., _ _ 4 Srdagiw‘ V A .

v last‘secon vjumpshotlast, on y n ,u I -. m.
trounced Kappa Beta for the second straight night, in. . ’m'
44. "to: retain its AMlA-League [basketball championship. _
The game'f‘was played before a large turnout of frater-

nity'su'p'porters in Page Gyml. Potter cm  - I;

AFr-ee

WHAT HAPPENED}
University ‘ ‘ '_ ‘

  

fooling ,- he gotgoff on one tangent about a trip he and 1-9 SPRING.

 
 

 

 
     

 

 

 

..  , w . 4‘. don 2.K19paBeta a H r a. ’ V v ,.
the varsi basketball team tookto Virginia by way of? I The two teams P111118 3_ AP“ . 7. . . ,l   ,,
Washingtotyn, andlwe still aren’t clear on what he was even terms for the ftrhpt 5 C "s M Fm," Hoopste“ . , I i t . 
talking about. Something about historic sites — or quarter. bill? a 1935 P0 1' 6: 63ers 1,9 “The seuon was-very “clung , I_

 

but frustrating.” That was the state-

rally earned, itself a 25-
15 halftime bulge.

League 1 leading scorers:
League 1,1eading scorelrs:

something like that. g _» ALagNY New YORK ' val-.3310» I 
' LWe also notedfthat'it’stthe invited guests that stow . I _ _ V I t, 4 z

ment of freshman basketball Coach

 

..._ , _ , d ha" .0, “New” 1. EMMApr 30 18.6 Bill .Schieffelin when he commented . I, ' . . ‘ I L t 4
.. away most of the food. You'd almost thinkthey had been thgltl'gefrcofosed mi gap his” 2_ Horne-Celts 128 18.0 on me {man cagersl1965_19665ea_ . I V 3 in Y, t ’
in trainingsfor months for this banquet. I poms' But “ne 0'"de Shooung by 3‘ AndersoneKB   sogbhieffelln’l note was ‘the exact ‘  I  I a   I  I  s I
But the moat fruitful part Of the evening was our Andrl’tugllrIgdzgedngpgnafrlsdlrxgﬁglx :-  APA 103 14"! truth The froshgfinlshed the season ’ I ’ v , . , 7‘
' » ' . v - . - ' - , ‘ , t 1
brief, but informative, talk with athletic director Merlin ﬁbre 1‘”de the Panama“. 7. smmmoner - 89 9_9 ‘ mm a mom 0, Hz. Three gage: — , r
Hathaway, concerning the surplus of athletic tax funds. Four p0“... players hit in double a. Price-Nomgdts 78 19.5 wet“: lost :yzlglzoégtg 1b yszmgomys "s o . o o
_, in issue these it ur with And Christian lead- 10. Christian- o for P0 n 5: an ' a n  n o  7
. ~ This .seems to be a very controvers l _ mg; aﬁsgcorers wiyhnpmntsime m. Christmmpouer .75 9.4 mm Mambo“ wasthe mustang . a

 

ing player for the fresh. He led in
every department averaging 17.5
points and 0.1 rebounds a galne. He

days of non-compulsory student tax. Why not use these

Oth l t d1 5:
surplus funds for other student activities that are being er “we 5 a" "g

Anderson paced KB with 13.
The Commissioners Tournament League [13 Champions ._ Apaches

began play on Wednesday night, and League 11A Champions — Potter

Ferrari said he was not only sur-

Vietnam , '5
prised, but overwhelmed when he " v ’ cmna’ the dram and “her ’

areas where he feels the govern-

by Ken Bernstein

Senator Wayne Morse,

 

drastically affected by reduced budgets?

The main reasbn is that this surplus has been built up
through large scale frugality on the par} of the athletic
department. With the expected expansion program of a

- few years not far off, our athletic department, if itlis
to expand as it wishgs and'l‘as everyone connected With
the department wish'e'jé'. will‘have to use every resource
possible to succeed. . l ' I

The State University system, it is widely felt, Will
be unable to assist the department as it could if the
entire system weren’t undergoing such a statewide
expansion. Without funds readily available, our athletic
department will fall even further behind the rest of the
school than it is already. ‘ ,

For example, AMIA facilities out on the new campus
are already highly inadequate. With part of the money
from this surplus, lights could be placed on the field
for night football and softball. This would aidthe intra-
mural program immensely. And other things such as
scoreboards and the establishment of new teams (foot—
ball, lacrosse. track) will .be virtually impossible with—
out a substantial starting sum. .

Alternatives? Allow the AA tax to assume intra-
murals, thus saving the SA tax this additional burden.
Or, perhaps; with a mandatory student tax. .

At any rate, we feel that any reduction in the Size
of the athletic department's surplus would be a step
in the wrong direction in a department that is hell-
béht on moving the right way.

 

It will run through March 30. EEP I, League 11 overall champs—Potter
KB I, and APA I are seeded. League 1V Champions-Ontario House
League IV Champions-

Here is the final League-I stand- , Ontario House

ings:

THE GREAT DANES of Alba

of a miserable yoor. Led by most Valuable

like Jim Constantino and Mil:

EEP Keg
Champs

Potter Club, after sweeing seven
points from TXO and receiving the

" _ aid of a Goobe‘r forfeit, ended up the

year as AMIA League I bowling
champions after 16 weeks of action.

The EEPmell rolled over TXO,
with the fine bowling of Don Com-
tols, who posted a 508 triple, but
bowed ln the last match of the year
to the Goobers, 4-3.

Bob Rifenberlck, who averaged
198 over the last several weeks of
the league, overcame Al Giles to
cop individual average honors.Giles
won high triple with a’ 646 and high
single with a 256. .

Here are the filial standings:

ny compiled a final record of 13-9
Ployor Mike Greece

was helped out on the boards by
Jack Duffy and in scoring by Bill
Moon. Gary Torino and Vic Conn

aided the fresh throughout the sea-
son.

 

despite pro-season forecasts
and a host of other players

0 Bloom, the uniorlou Donn surprised everybody

    

In last week's ASPthereappeared
a notice stating that there will be a
meeting for all varsity soccer can-
didates on Friday, March 30m Page
Hall. That meeting will be held on

Freshman Matmen

Albany State’s freshman wrest-
ing team finished the 1065-1906
reason with a record of seven wins
ind one defeat, the best record in
ieven years of freshman wrestling
iccording to Coach Bob Burlingame.

Leading the frosh grapplers was
lohn Shattuck with a perfect record
)1 seven wins and no losses. Behind
.he 137 pounder Shattuck was Roger
Gorilam who also finished undefeated
with a record of six wins, no losses
and one tie. Gorham wrestled at the
177 pound weight class. Co-captain
Craig Springer, wrestling at 145
pounds ended with a very respectable
6-1-0 record.

The froshs’ only 1055 came at the
hands of a very strong Cortland

 

 

University Senior, Arthur C. Fer-
rari, has been awarded a grant for
graduate study from the National
Defense Education Act. The award,
which is good for three years could
offer him a total of over $12,000.
It provides for three years of free
tuition and other benefits.

In addition to the free tuition,
Ferrari will get $2,000, $2,200,
and $2,400 dollars per year re-
spectlvely, for livingexpenses. Also
the grant offers him $400 per sum-
mer for three years and $400 for
each dependent should there be any.

Chooses Yale

Furthermore, both Duke and Yale
have offered him $600 per summer
to study French at their language
institutes. Ferrari, asoclology ma-
jor from Monroe, N.Y. has decided
to do his graduate work at Yale,
working on a Ph.D. in sociology with
plans to teach on the University
level. He also plans to take Yale’s
offer for summer study.

Currently he is presidentof Kappa
Beta Fraternity and Chairman oflhe
I.F.C. Ferrari was also a Dean’s
List student last semester, with a
3.6 accumulative average. His all-
over average 15 2.9. He has been ac-
tive in student affairs since his ar-
rival at the University.

As a Freshman he was a senator
and as a Sophomore was commis-
sioner of finance under the old sys-
tem of government.

 

was notified of the award on March ,

He then stated his gratitude iohis
instructors: “I was very honored that
Yale would be willing to make such
an investment. I owe special thanks
to Dr. Paul Wheeler, Dr. Arnold
Foster, and Dr. Theodore Standing,
who were kind enough to give a lot

 

of time writing letters on my be-

half."

Wayne Morse

the most outspoken Con-
gressional criticofAdmin-
istration policy in Vietnam,
will speak on “American
Foreign Policy—1966,” in
Page Hall, Friday, April
15. at 8 pm.

Speaking at the invitation of For-

um of Politics, the senior senator
from Oregon is expected to discuss

Council Discusses Service Award,

Approves Membership in CDIC

Richard Thompson, Central Coun-
cil president, introduced a proposal
to establish a service award of$lOO
at the Central Council meeting
Thursday night. The award would be
given to an outstanding junior or
senior, recognized for service to
the University, at graduation.

The award is to benamed lll honor
of Dean Ellen C. Stokes in recogni-
tion of her service to the students
and faculty of the University. Ac-
cording to the proposal the award
is to be judged on the application
submitted by the individual.

This method of application was
objected to by Central Council. The
proposal, therefore, is being re-
written to make the form of appli-
cation acceptable.

Membership in the Capital Dis-
trict Intercollegiate Council was
approved by Central Council. This
Council unites R.P.I., Russell Sage,
St. Rose, Siena, Union and SUNYA
to provide a forum for joint con-
sultation on student government pol-
icies and problems.

Approves Appropriation

Central Council also approved a
$200 appropriation to the C.D.I.C.
to finance a produotion of Molicre’s
“The Miser." More productions
may be planned by the‘organlzation
in the future to meet the needs of
the student bodies and the com-

made to State Fair to be used to
finance a concert. The profit ob—
tained will be used for'the student
ambassador program.

A proposal concerning the nom-
ination procedure for faculty-stu-
dent committee was made by Sharyn
Teves. It stated that the Cabinet
of the Student Association serve
as the committee to propose student
nominations on faculty-student com-

mittees. The Cabinet is also to pub-'

liclze committee openings at least
a week before nominations are made.

Athletic Tnx Study

A study of the athletic tax will
begin on April 12. The purpose of

‘The Flattering

this study is to make recommenda-
tions and to inform the student body
about the uses of the tax. At the
Central Council meeting it was
pointed out that the athletic pro-
gram does noi reach as many stu-
dents as the Student Association
program. This makes such a study
necessary.

The mandatory student tax pro-
posal was unanimously approved
by the Council. This proposal re-
~quires that Central Council urge
the Administration totake all neces-
sary measures to have the Board of
Trustees give permission to the lo-
cal units of the State University sys-
tem to levy a mandatory student tax.

Word’ Begins

Two Night Run in Richardson

“The Flattering Word," the first
play presented by the Class of Dra-
matic Direction this semester, will
be presented tonight and tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Richardston Studio
Theatre.

The play, written by George Kelly
and directed by Chuck lieineman,
concerns itself with a narrow-
minded minister and his avid fol-
lowers whose Opposition to thethea-
tre is broken by a “Flattering

1

Although the play was written for

  

 

an audience of the early nineteen
hundreds, the director’s interpre-
tation gives the production renewed
interest for the modern audience.

“The Flattering Word," like all
other A.D. plays, is produced en-
tirely by members of the Dramatic
Direction class, consisting of stu-
dents who have had experience
through other courses and have been'
admitted to the directing course.

The cast of tonight’s performance
includes Bruce Tiffany, Barbara
Simon, Diane Somervllle, Barbara
Smith, and Peter Brooks.

meni has made serious errors in
the past few years.

Recently, Senator Morse stated,
“...in my judgment the President of
the United States is already losing
the people of this country by tile
millions in connections with this
war.”

Longtime Critic

As far back as September, 1963,
speaking ill reference to the Diem
regime, he stated, “So I would
save the United States get out of
South Vietnam and save the Amer-
ican people the hundreds upon hun-
dreds of millions of dollars that
our Government is pouring down
that rat hole -— and 1 use the de-
scriptive phrase rat hole advised-
ly. ’

In May of last year, the senator
commented, "It (American actions
in Vietnam) is making enemies and
frightened neutrals out of people
who once respected us.

Improves Coihmunlst Position

“It is making the Communists
look like people whose main pur—
pose is to rid Asia of unwanted
white domination, a purpose behind
which the vast bulk of Asians are
united.”

Senator Morse received a Ph.B.
from the University of Wisconsin
in 1023, and a M. A. from Wiscon-
sin in 1024. He was awarded an
LL.B. from the University of Min-
nesota, in 1028, and he receiveda
J.B. from Columbia Ill 1932.

Professor of Low

From 1031 through 1941, he was
a professor of law and dean at the
University of Oregon, while serv-
ing in several governmental posi-
tions such as Pacific Coast Arbi-
trator for the Department of Labor.
In 1000, he was the'United States
Representative to the United Na-
tions General Assembly.

liarold Lynne, vice president of
Forum of Politics, and coordinator
of the Morse program, stated, “We
expect Page to be filled for the lec-
ture; it will be open to the public,
but seating priority will be given
to the student body and the faculty."

    

y - «4.... .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

30 t 4:00 in
l. Potter Club 92-20 .821 Wfdl‘ﬁf‘lﬁy' mm“ a freshman leam- , munlty in intellectual, cultural and ' , 1 .~ I ._ ,, mm, mm”,
' 2. Goobers 78-34 .697 Re a - An Femm socialspherea .  . 
AMIA BOWLING 50" 90"" club ‘llnd‘ ll" L°°9u° I "Ne :"d 3' Choppers   Another $300 appropriation was
' ' d the Goo are 4. TXO - .a I ‘
A“ ' "Km" "‘ W9“ " '"d' P°"‘" '°“"° 4 o t-hmen 03-49 .563 COUNSELORS . ,
by l2 pointsio annex the title.  Waterbury n 5143] .455 CAMP D f I E t B H  H ,  ‘
. . v.     5...... e erra xum o e e ere; . .
K.   5 ll.  45:67 :402 Nassau! N' Y' The Selective Service Board an- li-clear '
0' Splits 24-88 .214 . nounced the dates on which the C-fringed
' R “06m (Txo) 1,-6 10: Ad llocs 20-02 .178 lb°75 ‘ 9"“) gualifllcatllpln btest lfor slgldleni di- 
Here are the League Two Bowling ' , " , 1, illienberick Goobcrs 181! erla w e g ven s wee . ' - I I a “
' ‘ ‘ D‘ “M” (“M I) 15' ~- 1" POSITIONS AVAILABLE The rest will be given on May 14 For this example choose the ple 1'“
results as of March 21, 1006. 2. Giles -Clluppers 187 plus a , or words wmcn are Famed w eacn he b

M. Joles (lniellects) 153

2. Glles-Choppers-lB'I plus 15

Bunk Counselor (male) for be

 

ys 6-8 - min. age I?

 

 

May 21 and June 3 at Universities
and colleges across the nation, in-

othol‘ In the some way as the orig-

   

 

. , S. Zallurdk (APA ii) 152 , F , n
1 Standing; 11 .738 J‘ Cmmer (AIM I) 151  {sileS-(Ellhppégiﬂllllzs[fills G cluding the University. The exact lllﬂl lmll‘: 1.
 u 29 m r .690 11. linear (APA 10151 5' ,.$;an5kf_Egp_1go plus 16 Woterskiing Instructor (mole) min. ago 20 — experience needed gace land time (ml. the ms, ,0 1:: DOiTSllllge?lle(/J\HSEE; 
.571 ' , von lerc las not leen announce . - ‘ ': a. l
glam“   .547 .- _" _ ,"_' _" - "- Golf Counsalor (mole) min. ago I9 - experience preferred The test will serve as an aid to B-IHOIIpy: currency : -
  23  l ANY lARGE “.‘Z‘i‘ .ii‘““.‘.’°;‘félf.‘.‘l tapas.“ 3313;311:1533... l
' Stu sc'5"u. - 'I- ha,
.   New” counseh' (mule) mm. 098 20 five Service Board made it clear Eflnlermlm‘m'ﬁl ; _ ‘
m8" 59”“ m" "‘9 week' “.3 ’ I , ‘ I that the test is voluntary and the The hlml’lest animals ale “1°59 l: t
F. Greene - 191. 199a 163"”  Ass t Waterfront Instructor (male or arm) 0) Score Wu] not be “m sole dete,._ whose bodies are simplest lllsll'llc- , 1
c Gilmore - 203 180, 158-541 Good Only March 28—30 min. ago 20 experience required . mmmg mum, rm. any student de_ tuxc and which do‘tho things done by g j ‘
T. Slocum - 174 r 16” 180422 I / cldmg ,0 ml“, the test. all living animals, such as eating, ‘ : t
‘ ' '  OVEN"  Horseback Riding Instructor (male or female) The lost will be an multiple bleﬂl'llllfu '"OVIHE. 31113 {801100. 1" o 
min. ago 20 experience required choice, with the questions to cover “‘9 “lust  way- ‘
mgh Avgrages: ‘ a wide variety of fields, such as Immune u y,
' (APA II) 160   mathematics, vocabulary, compre— Can‘mlme ‘ g
c‘ Gumare I t 1 )wo Conn“. pm” “mu”, holision of charts and graphs, and D 1d , g
1" Danna" (co on a B   I  ' Mb 438,32") science. Following are some sample EZSHraﬁgugeou" / =
'1' From" TXO) 158 I ' I ' quesuo'm 5111691115 Wishing to (like the 1951. VIETNAM TEACH-IN: A Unlon professor addresses audience at the “Vietnam Perspective" Fri Iy In
J‘ may“ N u) 156 - — — — — — — — — Pick me word that 15 most "early WIN“ “5‘5 about “"99 311d Ulla-“3” Channing‘HolI. Tho foocfivln was sponsored by Students for Democratic Society, "suppression" and ~.
I / 0”“?th me “manned wom' “W”: "WEI 59" “191°C” “mama”! the Co liol District Committee of the Concerned " ;‘
NEISULOUS: A-dlsgruntled between pow and Apr“ 23' I P ' r _;v ‘

 

 

