Sm: University of New Vork at Albany

Jammy 19. 1973

 

.‘I

 Unbelievable Dimes Upset Brockport

Smith" Net: 15

 

."

a

' Wm...“ 

A crowd in excess of 3,000 turned ottt to watch tlte Great Danes take on Brockport. It was the second

largest crowd ever to watch a home game.

 

A

Waterman Closer

by Glenn von Nostitz

Psychology Professor Caroline Waterman's fight for promotion and continuing
appointment gained momentum last week when l. Moyer Hunsberger. Dean of the
College of Arts and Sciences, recommended that she be granted tenure and promotion.

The Dean's unexpected decision in Waterman‘s favor came on the heels of a 5 to 3
vote recommending Waterman for promotion and tenure by the Faculty Personnel
Committee, and an earlier positive recommendation from Melvin K. Bers, Associate
Dean for Social and Behavioral Sciences.

It has long been expected that Hunsberger would deliver a ‘no tenure‘
recommendation to the University Senate Council on Promotions and Continuing
Appointment, the next step in the tenure process. Bill for various reasons he chose to
back Waterman, a move which considerably brightens her hopes for final approval by
the university.

The Promotions and Contmuing Appointment Council is expected to offer its own
recommendation on the Waterman case within the next two weeks, and then the case
will go on to President Louis Benexet, who will make the final decision. Benezet's
official deadline is March 1.

Teaching Excellence Documented

In a memorandum entitled, ‘Action by (‘ollege of Arts and Sciences,‘ and distributed
to Waterman and the University Council, as well as other interested parties, llinsberger
said that Waterriian's ‘excellent teaching record more than makes up for her
undistinguished record in research.‘ Apparently, the Dean recommended Waterman in
large part becarrse of student testimony on Waterman‘s behalf. which tended to establish
her record as a top undergraduate teacher.

In the memorandum ., llunsbergci quoted extensively frorii minutes ol l-‘aculty
Personnel ('oiiiinitlee meetings at wltich Watcrman's case was discussed lltrnsbciger
chairs the committee.

The committee noted the large number of letters from students' which ‘appeared to
be tliorightful, individual elforts...‘ and that ‘Dean Bers‘ positive recommendation
apparently was based on thejudgment that Dr. Walcrman is an outstanding teacher who
also has an acceptable record of publication in reputable journals.’

It was also pointed out that Waterman requires a large amount ofwoik and dedication
from her students, and that her expectations of students apparently contributes to
higher standards for the department as a whole.

One major point of disagreement during the coiiiriiittee meetings was the quality of
Watermair‘s research At one point, the minutes stated that, ‘outside evaluators do not
seem to regard her as an emerging national leader in her area of research.‘ In a
concluding statement, the committee said that ‘it was agreed that Dr. Watcrman‘s
teaching excellence is well documented' but that there is ‘less agreement as to whether
her research is of acceptable caliber to merit tenure or proriiotion at a University
Center.‘

Waterman has been basing her defense primarily on teaching effectiveness. However,
she has also extensively argued the research issue. and released Science Citation Index

ﬁgures supporting her contention that her research is becoming well known,

Final Decision Soon

In one unusual statement, the Faculty Personnel Committee commented on what it
calls the ‘relative paucity' of substantive reasons in the chairman‘s letter of transmittal.

36%

_ Val. LX, N . 6
:SS 0

 

g;

TU ES DAY

Start Un/nrrlty of Now York at Alboriy February I, 1971

 

Than Ever Before

I. Mover Hunsberger, Dean of College of Arts and Sciences

This referred to the negative recommendation which Dr. R. Teevan. Psychology
Department ('hairmari, had written and sent on the Associate Dean Bers late last year.

Dean llurisbciger also commented on the TCCVUH transmittal letter, saying that, ‘lt
gricvcs me to recommend a faculty member for tenure when the Chairman and a large
riiajority of tenured faculty in the department appear to be strongly opposed,’
Ilurisherger was. however, forced to deliver a positive recommendation because he could
see ‘no alternative‘ which would ‘permit recognition of excellent undergraduate
teaching.‘

The approval by I’lunsberger and the Faculty Personnel Committee by no means
signifies the end of the Waterman case. She is expected to receive a rigorous review from
the University Council on Promotions and Continuing Appointment. One of the
members of the committee is Psychology Professor lison, one of Waterman's strongest
critics in the department.

Waterman appeared before the (‘ouneil Saturday morning, along with History
Professor David Goodman. The (‘ouncil's decision is expected soon,

Waterman must finally win approval from President Benezet, who is not liable to
conduct only a criisory examination of her case.

RA "Job A ction” Continues

by Ann E. Bunker

White RA’s on Indian were initiating their "job action” last Friday, their counterparts
on Alumni Quad were turning in their master keys. Both quads’ Residence Assistants
were acting in protest of what they feel are insufficient rerhunerations for their services.

The action followed unsuccessful attempts on the part of the SUNYA Residence
Assistants to negotiate with the Office of Residences for better pay.

At a meeting Friday morning with Charles Fisher, Director of Residences, represent-
atives from the RA staffs of each of the five quads aired their grievances and petitioned
for resolution of the problem, However, as no action was taken, Alumni and Indian
Quadrangle RA's proceeded with their work-stoppage as warned.

Problems on Alumni

Alumni Quad, especially, has experienced problems as a result of this action. As the
RA's there turned in their master keys, locked out resrdents have had to ask Residence
Directors and Security personnel to let them in.

In order to deal with this problem, Dr. Fisher authorized the hiring of a person to

 

 

Wrestlers Win Four:
Still Undefeated

Page l4

 

 

Pups Win Fourth
In A Row

Page l5

 

 

 

 

Alumni Quad-RA's refuse to unlock
their protest against insufficient pay.


doors as part of

unlock doors. The downtown RA's are protesting this as a violation of their job action.
The RA's question the integrity of this move on the part of the person hired as well as of
Residence Officials.

Despite the scab hassle, things have been going smoothly on Alumni. Emergencies have
been dealt with, but the RA’s are making it clear that they will perform no maintenance,
clerical or administrative functions until their grievances have been resolved. The RA's
have expressed their complete solidarity, and feel they have the support of the people in
their sections as well.

A Waiting Game

Where everything stands on a University-wide basis is unclear right now. So far,
meetings with Residence officials have proved fruitless. To date, the Residence Office has
shown no serious consideration of the RA’s proposals. It appears to be a waiting game.

 

