  
        

I ,ﬁMw-wmmmu mm ~ u.

 

 
  
   
  
      
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
   
  
  

mans..— 4»

.‘m.

We. we W’w‘s'"

 

 

 

 

        
      

 

 

 

V . Students React To. Peace,

by Andrea Carson

The Vietnamese War sneaked its way into our lives and took from
us friends and relatives. It forced us to commit atrocities we will
never forget and raised deep questions about our morality. Now as a
cease fore agreement is signed in Paris, we are asked by government
officials to celebrate the peace. We are asked to forget the bombings
and the unnecessary waste of human liVes. We ﬁnd that we cannot
celebrate. As Stanley Kaufman a junior, so aptly expresses. “I try to
be happy but I can't, the damage has been clone and the war will
always exist for us."

Around the “Inputs. as well as the nation there is a feeling of
bitterness. Scott Meyer a former student, reacted to the end of the
war with silence. Some students like Carol Lashley, wonder if this is
really the end.

For those who do accept the cease fire agreement as the end of the
war, there is widespread mistrust. Many people believe that Nixon
used the war as an election time game when he announced in
October that "peace is at hand." Steve Tesser, a freshman, looked up
from his card game to comment, "I was surprised Nixon kept his
promise, he had to wait until he was re-elected." Another student
wondered what we were giving up.

The agonizing question on most minds is, what took so long. Ed
Lopatin, a history major, remarked, “It is ironic that a war which
was never declared took so long to end." Ron Sanford, a Vietnam
veteran, replied with great bitterness, "l don't care if it stops, I’m
not going back."

Others have doubts about the future of Vietnam. Jerry Muto, an
RA at Anthony Hall commented, “I don't think its over even though
the United States out. i believe there will be political espionage
and assasinations."

When asked how the end of the war will alfr-
Angela Di Vito of the Office of Student Life tlt'i’l, “it will be
the removal of an ominous burden off student: many students
were tragically forces to interrupt their academic careers. Many were
never able to return because of death or disabling injuries."

The war ends and life goes on. There is no joyous feeling in the air;
no dancing in the streets. This peace is anticlimatic. Perhaps it is
because most Americans feel as onw Albany student does, “We are
only stopping something terrible, we are not starting anything
positive." America is suffering from a raised consciouness.

FF ,0”.

lSuininer Planning Conference 1973l

rpﬂraﬁm fur conference cerium: now callable!

lvnts at Albany,

 

j!“ xxxx xxx ,( x xxxx

 

Applications for Conference Assistant positions for
Summer Planning Conference '73 arc now available in
the Office Of Student Lifc- Campus Center 130.
lntcrcstcd undergraduates are invited to apply. The
position will involve a minimum time commitment of
junc 25 to August 5, 1973. All (L.A.'s will receive a
salary of $850.00 plus room and board for ilic ciitirc
confercncc period. Application deadline is February 5.

1973. All applicants are required to attend ()NE of X

two mandatory interest meetings. Plan to be present on
Sunday. January 2], 1973 at 7:00 in (EC Ballroom, 0R
Wednesday, january 31, 1973 at 7:00 in the Assembly
Hall. For additional information stop by (Iainpus
Center 130.

 

 

 

x xx‘xxxxxxx’xx

SASU hes: Service

8. Stewart Gordon has been concentrating on a
study of the dormitory housing problem that he has
been working on for SUNY Central Administration
first semester.

Gordon's mission for the state is by no means an
easy one; the question of why students are deserting
on-campus housing in increasing numbers is
complex, and, as Gordon readily admits, does not
have a single simple solution.

He is examining, first of all, the educational value
of dormitories, to determine whether it is worth the
state’s while to pay off dormitory bonds with tax
revenue, a situation that arises when dorms are not
filled to capacity. Gordon is also dealing with the
question of what SUNY can do to either keep
students in dorms in sufficient numbers or imple-
ment other income- producing uses for the dormi-
tory buildings.

An obvious alternative use for the problem is
housing elderly people in vacant dorms. This is
currently being tried at State University College at
Buffalo, where 400 elderly persons are housed at no
cost to the state.

Gordon sampled seven campuses in the State
University system As for the scope of the problem
in SUNY, Gordon notes, “All schools are not in the
red, but all have indicated at least some dimunition
in popularity of dormitories."

Gordon has found that the phenomenon of
students shunning dorms is nationwide, with stu-
dents’ reasons for moving off-campus generally the
same everywhere: poor quality of food on campus
meal plans, expense of food even if its quality is
acceptable, lack of privacy, perception of the
institution as repressive even if rules are minimal,
and problems of relating to so many people (on
corridors.)

Gordon is investigating various ideas for improving
the quality and increasing deaireiibility of on
cam pus housing.

Co~op housing has been created at many schools
throughout the county; UCLA has had successful
co-op housing since the 1930's. Most co-op housing
is off campus and has been built by [)l‘lVillt'
corporations established by students, but Gordon

--  Dorm Study Due -.

sees “no particular reason why we can ’t make use of
the facilities on and owned by the campus” for this
purpose.

Another'idea Gordon has encountered is that of
“stripped down dormitories" in which no furniture
would be provided by the school so the students
could “personalize” their rooms with their own
furnishings and possibly even their own paint.
Gordon notes that limitations may have to be set on
paint if such a plan is adopted, for strong colors
could be difficult to remove.

Conversion of dorm rooms to apartments has been
given perhaps the most consideration of university
planners. According to Gordon, the New York dorm
authority is studying conversion of suites; he feels
however, that inexpensive conversion of corridor
rooms would have the greatest impact on the
problem, and this has yet to begin here. Married
student housing is also lucrative; Gordon has found
that such facilities are filled to capacity whether
theyare on or off campus.

He will then begin to write his report, aiming for
completion by mid-January. The report has to be
finished quickly, because it will be used by SUNY
Central Administration in making recommendations
to the Board of Trustees.

The Board may do one of several things, miles
Gordon. It may mandate longer (in-campus rt‘Sl'
dence for SUNY students, a move which Gordon is
not confident is a real solution. Or, the Board may
consider cutting costs by reducing dormitory
staffing and moving toward a tcnantlandlard rela-
tionship with students. Gordon is apprehensive
about such a move: Hl'd be reluctant to move to a
system that may save some money but may llisc
some of the values of sormitory housing." Gordon
has discovered through his travels that RA's are on
the whole “an able and dedicated group" who
appear to be valuable, especially for freshman.

Gordon’s report will contain a number of definite
recommendations, while in some areas of concern
he will only present alternatives. SUNY will deli
nitely receiVe suggestions for revisions of the fiscal
aspects of dormitory housing.

 

ENE Tut PEP
{IESVER Your arr

   

PRIVA(Y, MAN!

 

I GorA GOOD DEAL IN R oulr you i
. I WANT A COMMUNE APARTMENT. 60-
SEE You ’ROUND, EB,
0000 LUCK,
ARISTOTLE.

PAY rut RENT

 

 

 

IT’S BAtK T0 new/ms
ME, MAN! I

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
      

owned by sluoani in

 

a.

PAGE TWELVE

 
  
 
 
   

"CAMPUS Caesr
"Acrwrries DA! -

- W.W. Wineries} ‘9 Il- 

 

SPECIAL EVENTS BMRD "'—

NLLE Sikkim”

: Mouwfsa. 5

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

"TELETHOA
~ Sun: FMR
wot-est

WLV l0. WHLH SE

 

Daily luv» ta 1PM
o

 

 

Smokey’s friends
don’t play with matches.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2,1973

 

 

Le Cong Giau is a scicncc student and former vice
secretary general of tlic cxccutivc committee oftlic
of Saigon Students “9651966). Giau was arrested on
August 5, 1972 by the Saigon municipal police when
leaving a class to return home. The same night, August 5
Giau was taken handcuffed and blindfolded to thc officd
of the director Ofthc interrogation Ct‘lltcl’ (Mr. Dunn Van
Chan); also present wcrc licutcnaiit colonel Nglii g

. g a, assistant
dircctor in cliargc of tln- special police

‘ ' , and captain Mai,
head of tlic lntcrrogarinn, .15 well as ten interrogation
officers. He was immediately subjected to torture and
interrogation and forced to admit to having participath in
NLF organizations. (iiaii protested vigorously against the
accusations. NL‘VL‘rlllL'lt'Hx. llt‘ has miiiiiiimlly suffered all
manner of tortures: (it'lxlhll'lll boiling \\'lll| .i tlllll on [llr'
licad, chest, sliuuldcis. ll.ll|ll‘.. lliiglix. l.lll'l'\. legs .Ill(l ft‘t"
Burning tigart-Hm \\’t'll plmul H‘ZI lll: . H

Iiipplv-s. ll.|\'<‘l, .iinl

ill/IS I.\' 'l'll/E /./"I'/'l:/\’ \l/l '(.{.l l I) r ll / H1 ( III III) l
PRISON W) l (.RUI‘I‘ (II \HI //I ll] '/\ llll \/
[Vt/[5573:

(flii lloa Prison
Saigon
()Ltiilwi‘ l l, l‘)'/_7.

We Wish To Alert Public Opinion
To The Imminent Death of le Cong Giau

SClVl‘S'

 

. penis; pins were driven into the ends of fingers. His
UmOn fingernails and toenails were torn out (this torture was
carried out by second lietutenant Duong).

A large quantity of soapy water was forced through his
nostrils and mouth until he fainted; then he was kicked in
the stomach to force water out (this torture was carried
out, once again, by second lieutenant Duong). His hands
were tied behind his back, and he was suspended by his
feet and beaten savagely with clubs (this torture carried
out by Cu Lu Nlii, a torturer well known in the prison
sincc l970). Chopsticks were forced up his rectum (torture
carried out by Ngoc). The torture was applied from 10
pm. to 4 a.m. After each session Giau was carried on a
board to cell number 2. This particular treatment was
imposed every day from the first week ofliis detention. He
is now so weak that he cannot move any ofhis limbs, and
he can only cat by being fed SPO0I‘ISfUl of soup by another
prisoner. Willi only a few days break, this interrogation
and tortiirc has bccn systematically carried out for two
liltillllh. During the week of August I‘) to 26, Giau was
taken away and hidden in a closed truck so that he would
not be sci-n by an International Red Cross inspection team.

(in St’pft'lllln'r 30, one of (iiiui‘s fcllow prisoners
liappcncd to overheat tlic [orttlrcrs talking among them-

“we have never seen anybody as hard to break as

(his kid (speaking about Giau). Wc iicvcrtliclcss usc cvcry

licar Fat lit-rs:

possiblc iiiid imaginable technique, but to no avail. He will

not talk. 'l'licrc is nothing more we can do but liquidate

liini.”

Wc arc sending you this lllH llllii Ill min l iiiiiig lln' [.m- ill
l.c(fong (ii;i1i..i \llltll‘lll .it (Ht“.i'l|l lll'ldllll'll by lllt' \Pl‘t l.ll

scctioii ol [llt' llllllllLlle pnliu ./\4iiilrllllL( in llll' lt‘Hll

iiiiiiiy (if our li'lliiw stlldi'iilu ulm ll.|\l' lHr'lI ll.lll.\lt'fl('(l
licrc from illt' llllllllt‘llml (‘lillll Ilt‘[).lllllll‘lll, .ill (iiaii'x
l'iiigcrniiils and tot-nails haw lm-n llllll mm. In» llllgt'lN .iiid
iocs burned by :i liigli \‘iiliagt- t‘ll'lllH (Illli'lll. His body
and cvcii tlic L'lltl of lllS pt'lllx .ll'l' lll.lll\l'(l \Vllll «igin-tii-
burns.

(iiau. Wlmsc body is cx'trcnn-ly \\‘\'Iilll'll .l\ .l ll ‘.||ll ml lllr’

beating, suffers terribly from ilu- \ligliii-n i...“ ll

We bcg you to do ('Vt'l\'ll|llli‘ lhi‘mllil‘

.ili'll piililli
lilillllril], (illx't' .lll llL‘t’t'HmH ill]! in ltl my lull! Iii lllll
ll'lt'llLl wlnisi- ‘.l.llt' is w iiiln ll Hi. 'll.i\ on
sun'ch.
Wi' lll.llll\ you in .nl'..ii. i i.
llli imlum.iiiipii~.uiiul w
(ill lll>.l l'ii ll. \iipi-ii

 

 

THE
TWELVE

CHAIRS

Saturday, February 3

Lc 13 7:30 8. 9:30

$.75 w/tax & ID
$l .25 without

liiuuud by sluumil lax

 

(ilJll l5 llUVV lllliilllt' [0 SpCilk. HC vomits lJlUOd

continually; his clothing is so saturated with blood that the
cell is filled with an intolerable stcncli which suffocatcs
cvcn the guards. He is now in a cell covered only by a
straw niat. He is lying there like a corpse. On October l, he
was taken to a hospital reserved for combat police to
undergo treatment for five days. Bur, in view of his
condition, tlic chief physician suggestcd sending him to the
civilian hospital, Hong Bang. The director ofthc intcrroga-
tion ('Clllt‘l’, Mr. Duong Van Chau, refused to allow this in
order It) keep the affair sccrct. Giau was then sent back to
the municipal police department to undergo further
interrogation. livcn in this condition, he has been plach in
solitary tunfincincnt without being allowed to receive the

suppllt‘s and medicines brought by his family and fricnds.

------------------

Eliniaiese ANENE
Yeasts. NKEHT :

Presented by Chinese Club, will be held on .
February l0, l973 (Saturday) of Brubacher 0
Hall. The program will include Chinese .
dances; songs; a ploy; exhibitions and de— .
monstrotions of Acupuncture, Pointing, l
Chinese Harps and New Yeeir’s Customs; :

short films; and Chinese snacks. For further.

information, stop or the Ticket desk in the g
. Campus Center Lobby on February 2 and O
: 5-7, between l0:00 am and 2:00 pm.Ticket:
0 price is $2.00 without tax,
and $1 .50 with tax card

------------- O---

funded by
student tax
-- -

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, i973 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THIRTEEN

     
    

   

