 

 

 

 

WT; LET m Mrritrtal sir trr

. ,9," . mart AEIIM nun

57 l

‘ flown Alt/MM»: I turn as M
 - r m

ty I B I  . 60"
t‘ I ll“ ’1 norm
ac u I an «ow/As "07"” R mm neutrinos 4" "Mt ~-
NSMY rum I .r t: it t . m "STEM/tr
q g ’ i Effie nth m- Jim w " 0“ Frm murmur

MI
3 . r - -
by Andy P lley aﬁpENwmur'iggw/tm 1w .
AS AUIMING -

'- pre VieW/arts/pre view/arts/pre view
Star-Spangled Bluegrass

Yes, beyond the shadow of a doubt, The Star
Spangled Washboard Band will make their return
appearnce at Albany State on February 2 at 8:30

There is a new trend in concert-going. It is a more relaxed trend.
The object, it seems, is not to overwhelm with sheer power, but to
charm with delicacy. Witness the resurgence of Elizabethan and
Renaissance music, which often. were set to private surroundings.
Lanoue Davenport, formerly of the New York Pro Musica, has
initiated a series of informal, Joel Chadabe-like concerts in New
York City, and they are being enthusiastically welcomed.

The Faculty Baroque concerts that we have here two or three

 

 WW" ’  WM“
10116:;le  a a Imp?“ g . [xiii/alt:
. v _

I N ' {Tm‘tt "M

The Star Spangled Washboard Band come to haunt us on Friday night, February 2.

PAC February Schedule

Eight music programs have
been scheduled for February at
the Performing Arts Center,
State University of New York at
Albany. They are as follows:

Saturday. Feb. 3, student
recital, Debbie Sawyers, piano.
Recital Hall, 8:30pm., free,

Thursday. Feb. 8, University-
Community Symphony Orches-
tra and Chorale. Main Theater.
8:30pm., free tickets available
by mail or at box office be-
ginning Feb. 5.

Friday, Feb. 9, Charles Roscn.
pianist, Music Council. Main
Theatre. 8:30pm.. $3 reserved.

Friday. Feb. lo, Salvatore Mar-
iiiano. Music Council. labora-
tory Theatre. 8:30pm.. 33 gene-
ial admission.

Saturday. I-cb. l7, Sonic Arts
(troop, Music ('ouricrl. ltlhtrlil‘
tory 'llrciitic. K. l()p.rn . Sigcirc-
ral ndirrisston

Saturday. I'i‘lr .‘11 Striilcot
rccital Joseph Mtltiirilcy violin.
Rcciliil “all it llipiir licc

Sunday l‘cb ,"r. I‘itllllly run
«lfll Albany liirrguc ol Arts
Mrrirr 'llrcritrc. litlpin, is.‘
general admission.

It.

I‘iarro riitisrc is on the schedule
tor the Recital Ilali. State Uni-
versity of New York at Albany,
when Deborah Sawyer, pianist,
performs on Saturday. February
.3, at it 50 PM

The program includes works of
Beethoven and Debussy, and the

was a soloist with the North-
nisms No. 6 for Piano and Elec- eastern New York Student
ironic Sounds" by Mario Orchestra in the summer of
Davidovsky. I972.

Presently a sophomore at
SUNYA, Ms. Sawyer has studied
both piano and cello. Now a the Music Department of the
Piano Performance major study» State University of New York at
mg with Dennis Helmrich. shr Albany.

More Experimental Theater

The next Experimental Theatre production, Friday, February 2,
and Saturday. February 3, features an original script directed by its
playwright. Soirietimes Things Gel ()ul of Hand, the new play by
SUNYA student Joel Cross is "art absurd drama centering around a
door." On the second part of the twin-bill is John llawkcs' Wax
Museum, directed by Stephen Arninoff.

Performances are in the Arena 'l‘hcatrc, Performing Arts Center,
State University of New York at Albany, at 7:30PM. and ‘HIOPM.
Friday and Saturday. Free tickets are distributed at the box office
one hour prior to cacli performance.

Appearing in Somali/tics Things ()0! ()til of "(l/Id inc Jonathan
Kolin as The Man, I’ctcr I'iivarriri as SI). and Paul Kirschnran as SU.
The cast ol Wax Museum Is l.otnsc Jacobs as Bingo and Maurine
Sitilfl as Sally Ann

contemporary piece “Synchro-

This concert is sponsored by

()1in ()Ilt' WWI/I. lllL‘ l-xpcirrrrcntal 'I‘lrcairc prcscrrtiilroir on
Saturday illltl Sunday t-vcnrrigs, l-cbiriiiiy 10-! l. 7 {OP M and
‘)I'M , Att‘liil Ilrczitic l‘i-rlorrning Arts L‘cirtci . Striii- llnrvcisrty of
New York at Albany, is .i tolorlul. fast paced lL‘VlIt‘ taken from the
‘xortgs, scenes and soliloiprcs ol William Shakespeare I'Icc trtkcls are
distributed one hour bclorc each performance

The show is designed as it“ introduction to Shakespeare for high
sthool stttdcrtls, and indeed lot illl ol those who may be “turned
oil" to Shakespeare's work bccirusc "ht- is boring" or “Ilic language
is too hard to Iollow " Il's director Robert Vcirni's belief that the
cxcitciircrtl and entertainment of Shakespeare's cation can be
brought to everyone, it people are exposed to it ill the rigiri way.
Only One Will is one iIIICIIlpl to tiird that “right way."

A company of ten actors, tlll sensorer SUNYA performers, will
present scenes and excerpts of scenes from such plays as The
Tempest, The 'l'mni’ng of the Shrew, As You Like It. llunrlci, and A
Mldsimrmcr Night ‘i' Dream, along with dance. IllUIiIC, and panioniine
adapted from accepted Renaissance conventions.

On this Saturday, February 3.
come to the Laboratory Theatre,

PM. Their concert in the Campus Center Ballroom
will be their first showing at SUNYA this year, after
turning in several line performances last year,
including a show at the David Bromberg concert last
spring.

This year, the band has been performing through—
out the Northeast at college concerts. They have
turned in outstanding performances at the Bitter
End and the Mercer Arts Center in NYC, and have
become favorites in Woodstock.

The SSWB, if you haven‘t heard them, are
indescribable. A unique blend of comedy and music
is performed by this crazy quartet. The music
knows no boundaries and ranges front jug band to
bluegrass, ragtime to classical, including a rarc
musical form which they themselves have rin-
carthed, “jugrock.”

The band consists of Don Dworkin on washtub
bass and jug; Greg “Wild Bill“ Ilaymes on wash-
board, kazoo, and assortcd toys; Paul .Iossinan on
banjo and guitar; Bill Polchinski on gttitar. Chester
Alan Arthiir on parole. The group performs acous-
tically, csccpt for the occasional use of air electric
Remington slrctrinlincr.

The concert this Friday night is being sponsoer
by the Class of ‘75. Admission price for the concert
is $1 with a SUNYA student ID, $2 without air ID.
So stop by this Friday night at the CC Ballroom at
8:30. Catch the groundhog in the morning, and
catch the Star Spangled Washboard Band in the
evening, Celebrate the beginning of springtime,
Ilowers. birds and bees, and goodtimc music.

"Good Eats" Saturday Nile

folk tale, Good Eat: at
Devil's Diner is a mixed means

times a semester are almost perfect examples of this new style. They w” .'T, '. F . M II! W
. 5 ' , ' 1

Mill MINT. a
I

(«ti/l

aren't perfect because they are still format in the sense that the
audience files in at the beginning, stays quiet throughout the pieces,
and leaves at the end. They are different from other concerts in the
music played, and the obvious pleasure which everyone, including
the performers derive from it. It is, indeed, a pleasure to walk away
from a concert happy-mot overwhelmed--just happy.

The first piece on the program was a set of German Dances by
Christoph Demantius, a very early Baroque Composer. Actually,
many of the tonal sketches were strictly late Renaissance, but were
Close enough to Baroque to throw in. They were charming in their
unpretentiousness-‘after all. they're only dances, and folk dances at
that. Very few people wrote Nine Symphonies in those days.

The quartet of Marvin Morgenstern on violin, Ruth McKee on
bassoon, Irvin Gilman on flute. and Rene Prins on oboe played well.
The overall intonation was a little scary at times, but it held together
until the end. They played with exuberance. though. and that’s what
counts.

Bach's Brandenburg Concerto No. Six was the big surprise of the
evening for most of the audience. It was not on the poster
advertising the event, and its popularity added to the excitement.
Furthermore, it was played by a student ensemble, who, though
obviously not as proficient as a faculty ensemble. played the piece
with elan. It was a tribute to SUNYA's- progressing music depart
ment that students produce a performance of such stunning ability
and insight. For the record: Valentina (.‘liarlap and Ann Roggen
played solo viola, Elaine Deb‘orbo aan Nancy Mack were on ripieno
viola, Gail Smiley on ‘cello, Dave Hirsch on bass, Ruth McKee on
continuo bassoon, and Findlay Cockrcll on tho coiitinrio harpsi-
chord.

The rest of the program was primarily a slrowr'asc for Item Prins
on the oboe, with Morgenstern. Gilman, and (.‘oclrrcll assisting.
There were a Telemann ’I‘rio Sonata for violin. oboe. and continuo; a
Suite for flute and oboe by Coupr-rin; and a 'l‘r'io Sonata in E minor
for flute and obOc by Loeillel. The playing was virtuosic throughout,
the pieces were delightful but not ('Nllt‘t'liilly nil‘liitil‘itlilt‘, arid as soon
as the SUNYA Faculty hold iilltillll‘l' ot‘ lllt'st‘ llIi_\' i-s'iravagnrrzrrs.
you 'll be the first. to know!

“Ryan’s Daughter” at Tower East

Tower East (fincma once again torirnrciitis thc llltl\’lt.' tor vrcw~
brings a fine movie to tltc trig

Albany Campus. Itvun'r Mingli- y,,,, m”, w. H “I 7 (m 1,“, MM
Icr is set iii licland during the m it, I, H, Um “up”. um]

Irrin Revolution. Sarah Mills in mung” m it 7

 

‘ H50” MWDE ,, I
y/MA/iGg/em

n, I

.r

 

"Black Poets'ii Albany library

Multi-talentcd Maya Angelou,
author, poet, actress, dancer,
singer, producer, and educator
will open Albany Public Li-
brary's observance of Black His-
tory Week (February 11-17)
with a dramatic reading entitled:
“Black Poets, Black Poetry,
Black Joy," The program will be
presented at Chancellor’s Hall in
Albany on Sunday, February It,
at 3:30 p.m., and will be
followed by a reception for Miss
Angelou at llarmanus Bleccker
Library,

Tickets for admission, required
for attendance at thr- program,
are available l'rt-i--ol'-chtirgc at all
branches of Albany I’ulilii' [,i‘
lirrrry Mayor Corning's office
has arranged for free bus trans
portntion from the South End
’l‘ni-n Center and the Arbor Hill
Community Center to Channel-
lor‘s Hall and back. ’I‘host-
(Ii-siting transportation ilrt‘ askotl

 

the title role plays the young

 

to sign up at. these locations or
at the branches of the library.

Mir-is Angelou 's Albany appear-
ance has been made possible
with support from Poets and
Writers, Inc. which is funded by
the New York State Council on
the Arts. She is the author of“l
Know Why the Caged Bird
Sings," her autobiography, “Just
Give Me A Drink of Water ‘Fore
I did Diiie," a book of poetry,
"Georgia, Georgia," a film made
in Sweden and released in the

a

United States last year, and “All
Day Long," a collection of short
stories depicting various aspects
of Negro life.

She had a feature role in the
movie “Calypso Heatwave," and
sang the role of "Ruby" in an
overseas touring company of
“Porgy and Bess," sponsored by
the U.S. State Department. Miss
Angelou formerly served as the
Northern Coordinator of the
Southern Christian Leadership
Conference headed by the late
Dr. Martin Luther King.

“‘HELLMAN .

WASHINGTON AVEJ ALBANY “159-5300

FUNNIER THAN GOODBYE
COLUMBUS- MORE STARTLING THAN
THE GRAD - ATE
NOW SHOWING!

Performing Arts Center for
Good Eats at the Devil's Diner,
or The Bowl of Spaghetti at the
End of the Rainbow, a theatre
of mixed means presentation
created by John Miller.

Loosely based on a Romanian

production involving actors,
masks, music and puppets. Per-
formances will be held at 2:00.
and 7:30 8; 9:00, and free
tickets will be given out one
hour before each performance at
the PAC Box Ofﬁce.

I Country Music's top award-winning artists of 197273 »- Conway
Twilly ttlld thtty Birds and Loretta Lynn and the (foal Mlttuts ~
wrll ctr licadllnc the biggest (.‘ountry Music Show of the year at

Proctor ‘l'hcatcr, Schenectady, on Sunday. I’cb. 4

 

 

PAGE 6A

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1973

housewife of it nritldlc :rgcd
school teacher who lalls in lovc
with a British Officer. The story
involves opposing cxll‘ctrrcs rrl
rorrrirncc and revolution. 'l'lrc
World iicclaiincd portrayal of lltt'
villagc idiot by John Mills Is
highly realistic and clfcciivcly
compliments the acting abilities
of the test of tire cast

As stittcd in (he: "lint-cror
David lcrin again proves master
at fantastic atmospheric sccrrr's "
IIis artistic ability is cvrdcni and

the spectacular Irish sccnciy It'



Visit our

fabulous |)t'ht'.rlcswit
I‘L'illlltlllt: l)c|rt [tilts
Soups. Sirrrilwrt'hcs
Hot Dogs. llitirrlrtrigs
Salads. lit-\cingi's I It

iii lcc ('it-iiiir |’.n|oi
.l‘I I‘lilVHI‘i
Surrdncs

Splits

Slrirkcs

(‘ourrtcr ilcnrs

 

Tl Fraternity

Invites All Rushees to 8
Downtown Keg
in the

Party Lounge

Alden Hall Basement
Friday, Feb. 2
8:30

Ii.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Always a Special Treat on Sundays
' r7 TRIPLE DECKER SANDWICHES

catering to all your affairs

 

CALL 459-1405 or 459-7090

. 44 Wolf Road
Opposite Macy's

OPEN DAILY

9 am - 11 pm
SUNDAYS to 10:30 pm

DELI to 10

Vincent Canny ol the New York Times says:

“THE BEST AND THE MOST ORIGINA
AMERICAN CBMEIIY OF 1972.
As startling in its way
as was 'The Graduate! "

"One of the "The funniest
year's best film of the
films!’ year!

llr-N‘miiuh Viith llrrrip:
Ill'w Ytltkl‘l r u m. radian-n.»
it ‘r Irtlttf'.

UNIV. DISCOUNT
WITH PHOTO ID. I

IIAINI MAY DIRICIID ll

IIT

NIII SIMON WROTE II

 

lillUCl JAY TRIIDMAN CONCIIVID ll

SHOWN: 7 8i 9 pm Darlv
Fri. and Sat. 7:15 Bi 9:46

I . martinmitusn .- r .
NoilHrrriort .

The Heartbreak Kid

fin lilarno May l7rltn
Irtarriirq( hath-st llUtllIl K‘YlIlllSill‘ltlll'lllilfi“Kt'lly lt.‘i|lll\lt' Berlin

uni '.t i |i' lk'il Ilutllit-ltrly i». I“\yt"lty tr ..iu,.
ta...i.,...iii,i.it..tt '. l‘tllilull'yl
trip»... uni..." n. .....i sump”... .. ..

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, I973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

