  
     
   
    
    
     
      
     
        
      
    

   

 

 

 

. . I e
SW'mmers L059 AQO'" Eisenman Kapner lead JV 1' Vet 
' — 0 l *
by Steven 1. Km I  M I.
Going on the road is one of The Dane! arrival at the R-LT. meat. M8"? EEO“ I?“ 23%” 2°” By Nathan Sslanl 
those less than award winning P00l Seemed to beahﬂrhlnﬂer 0‘ take 3 “'5‘ l" t e y ' Thu Albany State J.V. Pups Merritt retaliated b hittin one The in'bounds Pass by Col ate - t?
chores that goes hand in hand thinﬂs to come. FiIIBt 0“. Ilhe b3°k5tmke and Le“ V3“ RY“ made it three in a row this past of two from the be}; throwgline. “’55 Pleed 0” by Alicen. ililho fgsr'segsdpaﬁecirethf've :3: there when his team needed his i.
with being an athlete. The bus pool itself looked like a giant onn the boo yd. lifestylezm Saturday. by defeating visiting The Pups came back to tie the laid it “P and in. and the Pups Kaphe, sunk two bug: t5. two crucial buckets when the "
trip to the opposing college is Stone blockhouse out of the Show fﬂShltfn but beﬂldes th 5‘9 Colgate 62-49. The game was game at 6 all. and then fell lad by 2. 30’28. as the buzzer Merritt hit 2 foul he“; more was 47.45 Let it also be ‘I
usually long and monotonous second world war. Len Van Ryn two events it was a long after- characterized by sloppy play on behind by a steadily increasing sounded and the half came to a Eisenmun hit for III 3 8 0, é said that this game player re_ st.
and the idea of waking up at thought the pool reminded him noon for the Great Pane the part of both teams. es- margin, until they trailed by 8 close‘ play and th Pu rd 5pm" ceived a standing ovation when 
8:30 on a day when you can of something from the ‘Guns of swimmers. TheI R.I.T. diving pecially on the part of the pups points with 8:22 left in the ham The second half opened with Finally Col :Ie lSite I 6-b45. he h" III. Ia“ two free throws 
sleep late is not exactly NEVEI'OM'. The CIOWd reaction team was Parnell“!le “if?” during the first half. Then a The gap see-sawed between 6 Merritt and Eiscnman both it was 'mu hgt pl-Hwo m' “t Alicea had another su grim: 3.
endearing to the average college to the team's arrival was less with a fine woman diver complete reVersat on the pups' and 8 points forthe next sev l hitting buckets for the Pups; c 00 He and w.“ v m hr“! [- o p ‘5
student. The dismal circum- than enthusiastic and the parents Caroline Bennett taking most of part for the remainder of the minutes and “I looked :‘I'I and the score was 3-128. SIOWIy :30 late, as the game cndedIWith an” ﬁbaékggg uor b9 pﬁnugnd I.
stances of the trip usually of one of Albany's swimmers the individual honors. IMiss game took place. tremew dismal for Lhe Pups the Pups built their lead. until “.2:neghzgisElsenzmlhsmk;"g4 with 8 and new?” “firth "3'? 
Increase when you get to the constituted the entire Albany Bennett rang up scoresashighas The game opened with Albany when Colgate movud h d with 11:45 to play, the Pups I i an e utter Edm d5 ,Ih 4 (inc .h 
opposing college. The athletic State cheering section. 8 on some of her optional dives winninr the ‘Um d -. ' 96.17 ' ~ 3 C“ were bree7i ] ' humid “ bUCke" “5 the buzz” on w' an y.” w" ii
conditions are unfamiliar and The R..I.T. team itself was awe— and she seemed to have astrong its 0 eLnin  tsp’Tﬂhn Tmmg 'u wnh only 5 mmums I8” eleve ' in“ 113mm wnh an sounded to make the ﬁnal Score two rounder! 0‘“ the “(mug 
the crowd's reception is usually some. In all truthfulness this was partisan backing. eventliJIullyg :veonp toe 355;? Insttz‘SJZ‘qllﬁ th p . The:1 :(i’firlat‘iZfi‘lcltriode Ire'l “2:49- lcoaCh .LEWis was naturally (I:
downright unfriendly. the one meet of the swim season After the meet. the Danes ilOl. travelled the Ian th fth I 1 . -y' .9 Ups came alive The Pu s h d ' ‘ . L .d I .(‘hulk up “ ﬁne gﬂme for p eased With. the gauze‘ bl“ “1.9 [‘5
The Great Dane swim team“; Alban h . t I I g 0 I ecourt, t was like .i return from the I P “ d "ICC lead. and Elsenmun who k t h ~ word remains cautious opti- it
y ad little hope of out of the school as fast as they and was Imd u und b J- (1 I . went Into be ~ - _ ' Iep t ‘3 Pups "1 . , , ‘I
trip to RlT last Saturday winnin ‘ v I ’ ~ p m y 'm end "5 the Pup“ [9‘] by Jim a numul 2 "mm" the rume du h ' m'smi despite the Pups 3 game i:
.. . g. The entire R.I.T. could. However. the team wasnl. MltcheHI Albany gm on the Eisenmun II"! I] I AI. SLQHI forcing Colgate.“ "me (IIII _ i. not: t eir dead . , k Th. w I,
started out pretty well. Despite athletic program is well financed overwhelmingly bitter or board 2 seconds Inter via a one on u SC - l, .059 [CITA' went fensc to come and l- [m' t séells' Md who lead the scoring ‘Tilnnlng Shea . Is e'dnmday‘ ‘l
the bleukness of a wet January and well staffed. The swim team depressed as a result of the It...“ for two effort from the rm” “he sunk 2"r'/[:|l'-.h.pree: Elsenman mun. ‘ [My dn n W'ih ’9 Pomw Kupner had i {3 Pups lake OIn AdlrondaIck «II,
morning. the team seemed confi- itself boasted some of the finest furcwurnings of lt.l.'l'.’ii by Rich Kupner. Colgate in- Kii ne ‘~ klm‘l' h” “when The things ch-inved Su H I quite a duy‘ hitting fur 1‘3 pm” to the vamly gem? With in
dent and looked forward to the SWimmers and diVers in the state. strength. A good dinner in creased its lead to (5.2 via two “n: .rdslfn , I “om, the ran] the Pups wet—(t, L! ,'d Henhy‘ Pomts, but that was not the Brockport. Perhaps a Win ha? l.‘
meet. Peter Gerstenhaber kept Things went down hill from Rochester did much to salve the ""‘""W quick baskets by Scott‘wim.m. k ta]; t: blmkm by “email? court The i t. t” :5“, on [F e whme smry‘ L” ileum“ to Say WI.“ Change the word from °p”' 3.
the team loose during the long the Very start of the meet. For battered feelings and mostof the and Bob Adams Nb d ,5 ,"0 " t 9 5cm“ M I28 all With ri Ihl' I I thI'” ‘I ‘0 "ohms that the same may“ Whu hit 5 mism to the success a .500+ ,I.
. trip with a few of his off color the third meet in a row we lost. team slept on the trip back ‘ any“; 1"“ 50 BECODdH left in the half. IIlhIr‘l "‘5 'ILy {nude “1mm,” for 14 from the foul line was record b'mlv" -'
z,‘I yarns. Jeff Roson occupied the opening event, the 400 yd. secure in the knowledge that ‘\ 3 'r :8)“;  W'fs‘lflflfm’ “it” ‘
himself with his Loy gorilla and medley relay. After the seventh they'd draw better results out of . ‘mim'm:  Ih I“ ,hp‘m’ “I 4 -'
I the three hour trip passed surA event. Albiiny was behind to the next week's road lrip to fl. “5' ‘Ivfl L Ld .(“lwllv .mme '
t": prisinizly quickly for all. tune of 47 - M. Later in the Potsdam. U Slm'uhl .pmm's I” I”. the ‘
game ill if) Willi 7.110 to go. 1
I parka, _I l'nlguli- llppl'ill‘l‘fl lii b2ch re- 2
' I gained llicir firsl linll' lllllliltﬂi' I
orlL oo 2‘ s ro eams      
II I limouui ’
I' wlll'll ploy ri-sunii-d. iii-itlier
 I I limm was :ilili- lii (ill 1 '
 by Kenneth Ardu'm’ However. the Knicks have had well but with all-star Bill lulled WI Play “l’ 10 IN“ Yen” highlight of this year musthe “um In“. sprunds “Vigiltltgf '
l? ' With the winter sport season the tendency 0f “kW/in“ leads Ml‘ll'hl‘ml “turning from [unt‘mtm .Isuf‘ce‘f' IReFenuy their 9'7 "Cer over the, Bru'rfs‘ lawns llllll may sluils were ,i
l; nearing the 3/4 mark it is time berm? Sl‘mmhllni! bimk L" Wln~ inl‘ll’lt‘ﬁ “ml 'IOh" R‘mhe l" the thmlgh.’ “.1”: lme ‘5 Emmi w Even wn'h 3" untbumt llke thls‘ ‘ l)Ull‘lll'll. .iiid Ulll' iii-gun lo won~
to look at the New York State Againsl good team they could mick court, someone will have to reliﬂmI'LSI'mm undlhe Fuel“ “'0 they have scored 30 feWcr goals (ll'r iii-unm- i....m “huh, 5H,... [t
sport teams. This is a year when ile‘ burned (lUlnll this. SlL “onlqu rho swimmsi 1m? '5 the than the WW“ scoring mm“ m i l‘llllll‘ down lo “)0 loum “ml gm
the Sports fans were given two Many twilile llmullhl- that “W The Ni‘l—‘i "0 ION-l0r hilVL‘ “I” V‘vul" IkéCZUk: B!“ Fulcraimfmfl the league. F tlii- first lurky break, and llic
more teams to root for. raising Burial” BrllVl-‘S UUUld make H leader and make too many mis- 5W“: V'CkIer” Ime- 1‘ e“h ‘1  Pulp. pm It “.1...” mm,“ was
[he mm] to seVenI me the move for the top this year, but takes. ’l‘lii-y will probably make fOIUkic. has IbIeenIlImrgpt’l‘Ie‘l by The islanders. though, have I Q fouled. llt' sunk both of 014- free
though improvement is evident, the play-Offs ais 4 out of 5 teams “Mime-5 hm 5”“ hdh 2 KOdle- H“ tiven up thirty more goals 1 f/ \ tths “WHMMI and the pups i

 

 

 

seven teams there is a range from
the good and sometimes great to
the awful.

The New York Knicks are
having a great year. yet they on-
still in second place in their
division behind the Celtics. This
weekend they took the Celtics
twice cutting the lead to almost
nothing. Though both teams are
certain of winning a spot in the
playoffs. the winner of the
division has the homecuurt
advantage in the series.

The Knicks are led by three
all-stars. Walt Frazier, Dave
chusschere, and Bill Bradley.
All are playing great ball. Earl
Monroe has worked well into the
Knicks‘ pattern and along with
his great offensive ability. be is
playing tough delirium. Willis
Reed is making a comeback and
is starting to regain his old form
that made him it pcrcuniiil allrstar.

Jerry Lucas is a lop reserve
wlio givus the Knicks some fire
power at the center and forward
spots. lliil'iirlunulcly, liv's‘ been
hampered lhroughiiul llll: year
with Injuries. Phil Jackson and
Dean Mcmiriger luin been the
first men off the l)I'llCll and have
sparked the Knicks countless
times. Dick Barnett, John
(iiurielli, and lit-nry Bibby bovv
also contributed when called
upon.

it is not enough. Elmore Smith
has proven he can play center
deft-naiver as Well as any. but
his offense isn'l good enough.
Rookie Bob McAdoo has finally
started to play up to his ability
after a slow start. Bob Kaufman
is an all-star and continues to
play like one despite nagging
injuries.

Buffalo's mayor problem is at
guard. No Ullt' has been particu-
larly impressivu and the forward
lini- cannot make up for it. A
veteran guard who could give
leadership is just what the
Doctor iirdori-il.

New York’s ABA representin-
livc Nets ill’l‘ missing ltick Barry
and it shows. lligli price rookic
Jim Chum-s needs ii lot of
seasoning and cnnmil be
expected to contribute as much
as expected. Brian Taylor, the
other rookie has been playing

do. but unless everything
happens to fall into place they
will be left in tlic preliminaries.

Expansion and the forming 0f
the new WHA liiis diluted
hockey yet New York has two
of the top teams in the league,
the Rangers and the Sabres.

The Rangers cumc iiul of the
WllA raids in great shape and
were expected to walk to the
title but. that hits not been the
case, Injuries to key lncn such
as Brad Park. Jim Niclson, Ted
lrvine, Gene Carr and most
cVerybody clsc prohibited lhl‘
Rangers from putting on their
best team most of the time.

Great goal tending by (iillvs
Villcrmure and lid (lizicoiniii
saved the Rangers from many
defeats ilh' the injury riddled
defensi- could not suvv the puck.

()fl'i-nsivoly. the “AU lino,
((.llll)l’l‘l, llndfiield llllll lint-rile)

is the surprise of the year for the
Rangers. Right now the Rangers
have started to make their movv.

Buffalo Sabres started off as a
house of fire and though fading
slightly are still playing great
hockey. Winning 19 of their first
20 home games, the Sabres were
even with the Rangers in second.
They are now starting to fade
especially with the loss of goal-
tender Roger Crozicr.

Offensivcly, "[‘hc French Cun-
iiection‘ anchored by past
rookies (if the year. (iil l’crriiull.
and Rick Martin. arc supplying
the scoring punch. Buffalo's
young defense is anchored by 43
yl‘ill‘ iild Tim Horton. whose
ntcndying influenci- is a key.

The worst (if (ill the New York
l'llllih' :iri- llll‘ " ‘lllI‘I‘S. A poor
lli‘ul‘l, liissiil' llii-WllA
iiiiil iiuiiiv n \plnli' llll'
loss Ul MW) ol llll'll' gniii l

lefcnsivcly. Their goal tending
has been good but with no
defense 30 to 40 shots on goal is
not unusual.

The New York Raiders arc the
must mediocre team as they
struggle among the .500 mark.
Led by league leading scorer.
Ron Ward, the Raiders have no
problem in putting points on the
board. The problem is defense,
though goalie Pctcr Donnelly has
shown that with more cxperi~
once he will be a great one. The
loss of both Ferguson and Peters
due to court cases is hurting the
team.

The Raiders uni now
entrenched in third and should
make the playoffs. They are not
fully entrenched in New York
but. are gaining fans. The moist.
imporlauil iissvl is their youth,
and luipcl‘ully this team will get
Iii-lli-r.

 

 

graduation from collcgc.

Sclcclion of career lit-Ids may be

SOPHOMORES!

Vast opportunities are available to you .lb .i Regular or Reserve Officer in llic Unilcd States Army upon

Starling salaries are ill the ll>l0,000 per year range and coniniilmcnls arc .is little .is 3 months dl your option.

made during senior yclir.Aiiy commitment may be deferred unlil completion

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

By Bill Heller

Poor Southern Connecticut
They bud the misfortune of
running into an angry Albany
tcum - angry because Oneontii
St. bud stunned thi-m chncs
day night 56-37. So llll‘ Dunes
turned the trick on llll‘ Visiting
Owls and massacred them 71 Alli
And it really wasn’t lliul clim-

In fact, things were so lliill l'oi
the visitors that lhi-y niziruigi-d
just four field goals in the t'llllrt'

first half and l'ourli-oii for llll'

Goodman

Dunes Win 23rd,- Brockport Here Tomorrow

gami- There were two reasons:
Southern Connecticut forgot
bow in slinlii a basketball, and
the (it‘l‘ill Dnan player] sumo
l‘Xl‘t'lll‘lll (li‘l'i-iisi- In 0111‘ stretch,
llll' ()wls wool roughly ten min-
uIi-i. without scoring 2: singlc
|)tl|lll illl(l that's u long tinic.
()l'l'i-iisiVi-Iy, lllt' Dunes ills-
pliiyi-(l n buliiiii'vil attack, iil
lliiiugli living :i llll sloppy in [bi-
\I‘t'UlHl liiill' Ily llii-ii, lliougli, il

illilii'l ninki- :i llil'fi‘i'l-ni'i- lil'uﬂll'

ll'(l l7 Alf).
Lillie did anyone suspect that
thc game was now as good as

Smith. finally healthy again. hit
lli, good for game honors.
Byron Miller added 13,
Quatlroclii hiid |2, Russi-H. and
Harry Johnson and Dave
Welclions 6 each Also, Wi‘rni-r
Kolln got some iicvdi-d playing
time and looked much healthier.

The victory gnvo the Danes ii
0-] l'l'l‘ln‘d and thou twcnty-
lliird liiime Win in a row How
over, number 24 is not going to

l)l‘ 1 av For tomorrow night,

 

 

awesome Bruckpurt invades Uni»
varsity Gym.

Why are they awrsumc? Well.
to begin with. they're in first
place in the SUNYA Conference.
They are ranked third in the
HMO, Division [11. They lum-
Llic leading scorer in the nation
in Ron Gilliam, averaging a lofty
35.2 points per game. And
finally, they creamed Albany
last year by thirty.

liut that was last year and the

Central Council meeting
Thurs. Feb. 1. 7:45 PM.

 

 

Goodman

game was at Brockport. Things
should be different tomorrow
night, although Brockport is just
as tough, The Great Danes have
that winning habit at home, and
when big games roll around,
they usually manage to come
out on top,

The game is ll cruvial one for
the Danes, who stand 22 in
League play. A loss to Brockport
would knock Albany out of the
SUNYAC race and lcich them
gripping for an zit-large bid to
make the NCAA‘s. And every-
one knows how inclined the
NCAA is towards Albany ~ sort
of like zi dog to ii cut The Great
“illlt‘n luy ii. on the line to-
morrow against the best team
llu'y'llt'ni'i- this yl‘ilr lie llicro

 

g G'and openmg of A Master degree of Law degree. 0 O

is... 2nd n ma ua a eteria l '
  , . . 3 animals
‘ no cfuﬁw Prue”, It you did not avail yourself ol the ROl (. leadership management option (2 hours per week only) during your 
i 204 L k S first two years, you can catch up by attending our 0 week summci session, and begin as d junior ncxl yc.ir as an
'I-I or tI I I I , t , I t F 0 0 ' f I h d] ' The Music ol Joel (ii (1 l '
L A. *d d- .Alll.-. ll 1‘  Ill-.dl ll‘/\ .All . . . _ _ ‘lil‘t
,II  dvunct siu till rinl llll iviiii, txptiisis WI )L pii iy ll iiiiy u llll)ll illy you Will di lW $400.80 I I In a  I  O  t 8 q  I I  I  Dim,“ (I! Hm MWL Sludm
I any pay, In Scplcmhci, you will begin dinwiiig $100 per month loi your lt‘llldllllllg Iwo yc.iis ol college ($2000). SUNYA;
‘1 o o ' ‘
 me sanders I _ , , Free coffee and don uts . Everyone inVIted! Tues Jan. 30
_ .S'i/vcrinii/li You must cnroll by mid-l'cbruniy. Applications musi bc completed by Much I. Approxlmiilcly '2 hours are  P
7‘ I Geoff Morris rcquircd for paperwork and testing; and you inusl Like .1 physical L‘Xdlllllldllull. L.i|l MA]. Bill V.ui llcrpc (5 Hi) I M "

(imp/m- Designer

( Art work accepted on

consigmnanl)

 

 

Transportation can be arranged.

785-050l for furllicr dcldils or come in to building Q-l, Sicnn (lollcgc Campus .iuy wcckdiiy lioin 8:“) lo 4 pm.

 

 

 

 

It’s all happening Thurs. night.

"flllllllﬂl Iiy ‘illltlulll Iii»

Be a part of it!

Students $1.50

Siiiiil Agnes School
Illi l..ilili.lllll\’lllt' Road
Albany, N Y

 

for iulo please idll 4w 'J'J‘J'.)

 

 

 

 

pAGE FOUR'I'EEN ALBANY STUDENT PRESS TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1971’)

TUESDAY, JANUARY 50, 19715 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FIFTEEN

 

 

