          

   

s; a, .. Macmwraw.-. .

a, ’tml

, ,. mag-.1 MAMme ..

   
       
      
       
    
    
      
       
     
     
    
 
 
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
 
    
  
    
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
 

i;

P +..

. i,.,n'my»7=~

 

 

    
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
    
 
  
  
     
     
  
 
   

 

.An Open Letter
To The Governor

G o verno 1' Rockefeller :

Many of the faults of this country's
system, this state’s system, are the causes
for crime. This incredulous and preju-
diced system has been the inventor of a
structure that not only instigates crime
but literally perpetrates it as well. How-
ever, it is obvious that you don't share
my sentiments, since you didn’t deliber-
ate on crime correction or even mention
prison reform in your State of the State
Message, 1973 (or don’t you remember
Attica State Prison?).

Granted, crime induced by drugs is one
of the major problems confronting to-
day's society. But these offenders of the
state only reflect the society from which
they originate. But you, Governor
Rockefeller, have chosen to regress and
instigate law into regression by the sup-
pression of those citizens whose loophole
through the made-for-thevrich tax struc-
ture is in drugs.

This letter does not take the side of the
drug pusher, nor does it take the ridicu-
lous stand that you made. It does suggest
that rehabilitation is in order for society
and thus its criminals, And it would seem
in the best condition of the human
condition to construct a better approach
to dealing with addicts and PPSherS~

That approach does not constitute
throwing these people, these humans,
these citizens into jail for life sentences.
That approach does not include the con-
demnation of youthful offenders for fif-
teen years. For these actions used as
deterrents are really not deterrents at all,
but are impractical and ridiculous avenues
and escape valves for a pet program of
rehabilitation that has already failed (Nar-
cotics Addiction Control Commission).

Governor Rockefeller - there is no place
for pride in this business. Perhaps if you
had spent half as much on the N.A.C.C.
as you did for that massive monument to
yourself you call the South Mall, the war
on dangerous drugs might have suc-
ceeded

You may be able to fool some of those
tin-horned politicians who could fit what
they know about the drug problem into ii
tnimble, but you can‘t fool or suppress all
of society or all of society's representa-
tives, its legislators. its businessmen, its
houscwwes, or its addicts and pushers.

Any such mandate for drug pushers
calling for life sentence without parole is
in direct contrast to Violent crimes which
are committed and have parole attach~
merits

Governor Rockefeller - there have been
many suggestions and opinions given as to
the reasons for your new approach on
crime and drugs Some Cite the approach
as havnig political objectives or motives.
Others say the surprise delivury was due
to your frustration and defeal through
past programs of rehabilitation such as the
NA CC, constituting your war on nar-
cotics. But whatever your 1973 Stali‘ of
the State Message may be, it was not a
new approach It was a repulse, a re-
gression, and a complete Withdrawal on
the human condition. Because you have
taken it into your power to assume that
all drug dealers and addicts are an evil to
the state and its properties and should be
suppressed Without a chance for rehabili-
tation. This, I feel, is only an emotional
attack and emotion has new-r been a good
substitute for JUiillL‘e.

With llilb last item of importance, I
would ask you, Governor Rockefeller,
not to forget that many of our war
veterans who are labeled as society's
important symbols chose to fight the war,
of which they had no part in the making.
Many have been dismembered, lost their
sight and the function of other Vital
organs, and many are hooked on drugs
Yes, soCicty’s prize symbols havu become
addicts because they ni-cdcd something
more than a slogan and ii country to
niaki- them kill another human being,
Well, Governor Rockefeller, what about
thcm'.’ Do we make bclievc there was
nuver a war and lock them up, too?

Sincerely,

Imqu Hnowdcn

PAGE TEN

How rj'Suc'lceed
'At Scholarship
by Ray Gozzi

As you may have noticed, much of
academic life consists of giving the im-
pression that you possess great knowledge
when, of conrse, you don’t. Many are the
occasions when you must appear to have
something to say, when you don't.
Several techniques have arisen to meet
these situations, and they are widely
employed by professors and students
alike.

The best of these games are virtually
foolproof, and provide the game-player
with methods to parlay a superﬁcial
understanding of a book, thinker, or
issue, into what appears to be a thought-
ful, critical, intellectual response.

In the interest of making these valuable
survival techniques available to all, I list
below five of the basic games. All they
require is a desire to win, as opposed to a
desire to understand. Once the desire to
win is properly inculcated, the game
player will in fact see no difference
between winning the game and under-
standing his material, which is a most
useful attitude to possess,

With determination, even the most brilA
liantly clear book or article can be proved
vague, indeterminate, imprecise, Haze is
100 per cent effective because no author
or speaker ever defines his terms per-
fectly, and always used some undefined
terms, “Yet the author does not ever tell
us just what he means by capitalism."
Any comparative study at all can be
instantly Hazed: "Certainly the defining
features of Fascism in Spain, are different
in certain aspects from those in Italy, yet
the author insists upon treating these
movements as equivalent." Socrates got a
lot of mileage out of Haze, and lesser
minds have been using it ever since.
Highly recommended for the first few
paragraphs of a critical paper.

Any argument, in any book,
will have qualifying phrases strewn
liberally about. It takes only a minimum
of error to disregard these, and the phrase
“Essentially, Bottomly is contending
that...“ will allow any Straw Man to he
set up that one Wishes.

This means that only a few basic argu-
ments need be mastered in any given
field, and the Straw Man approach will
allow one to fit any book, however new,
into these basic arguments, about which a
long string of prepared remarks can be

trotted out. Thus at one stroke the
appearance of thoughtfulness is main-
tained any truly new thoughts, which
might require actual consideration, can be
disregarded.

Some authors have tried to defend
against Straw Man by making the bulk of
their books contain qualifying phrases,
submerging their trains of thought, as it
were, in seas of qualifications. Whiin this
occurs, a slight variation of Straw Man.
may be played, which l call Straw Dog.
“0n the one hand, Bottomly contends
that,..while in the very next paragraph, he
himself gives evidence to the contrary.
Note the impression given of being a
careful render.

BOWO'BOHGQ At times it takes some
effort-, but there will always be a Bongo-
Bongo. “The author claims that individu-
alistic religion leads to achievement orien-
tation, however thc Bongo-Bongo possess
a highly indIVidualistic religion and have
been described as inordinately lazy." Any
attempt togcneralize, however cautious,
can bE‘BongoBongos even if no specific
countcoexamples are known, by the
simple technique of suggesting that the
work of some other scholar has led to
different implications. This Will always be
true. The simple fact that a dispute exists
is usually enough to discredit the generali
zation. “The author's conclusions differ
from those of Professor Bongo-Bongo,
and perhaps We should look for fresh
research in the area before these Issues are
settled" Note the appearance of judi-
cious lair-mindedness, really a covvr for
an inability to decide issues of substance.
Only a minimum stock of names needs to
bi kept. for Bongo-Bongo to be effective,
especially when used in conjunction with
Straw Man. Bong-Bongo has the added
advantage of prolonging academic dia-

rpute's, makingvtlun'i 'in. principle .unre~

solvable, providing much-needed opportu-
nities for publication.

Chuckle. There in something grotesque
about much academic laughter; it sounds
as if it were coming from a tomb. This is
because many occasions for laughter are
really not funny, but rather are parts of
power plays: “Well, Hornswsger may
think that. (Chuckle), but of.course his
argument is circular." This game is best
played in a seminar or at a cocktail party,
but it has occasionally led to some
ponderous attempts at humor in print. It
is most effective in setting up Straw Man,
or reinforcing a Bong-Bong, by diverting
attention from the substance of the argu-
ment by calling upon the listener to
Chuckle along and therefore agree, re-
gardless of his own thinking,

These academic games can be seen in
operation on all levels of academic life.
You can open a scholarly journal and see
the learned professors solemnly Bongo-
Bongo each other in the book reviews.
You can go to a graduate seminar and
watch the Straw Men in the Haze. You
can go to a cocktail party and listen to
the funcreal Chuckles. A word of
caution: it is often considered bad form
to insist upon discussion matters of sub-
stance once an academic game has been
played out. -

0 utflﬂnk‘ Whenever, for one reason or
another, the situation becomes desperate,
you can Outflank your adversary by
dropping a new bibliographical reference:

[believe ithat'Mlllihn'l recent book dealt
with that problem." Your adversary will
not have read Millikan - if, indeed,
Millikan'exlsts -' and will not‘wish to
continue the discussion lest it become
apparent that he is ignorant of this work.
Professors tend to play Outflank by
referring to old books graduate students
will not have read, graduate students tend.
to focus on recent books the professors
will not have read. Perhaps the most risky
but effective refinement ofOutflank is
demonstrated in the ploy: “I understand

Millikan is working on a book right now
which will deal definitely with this very
issue; I can‘t wait to see it."

I'll never gorget my own discovery of
the techniques of academic game-playing.
It was in my freshman year and I had to
write a paper on an obscure sixteenth
century philosopher. I couldn't make
heads or tails of him. The deadline was
drawing near. In a ﬂash of inspiration -
for I was yet a novice - I decided to
attack, making up in viciousness what I
lacked in understanding. Somewhat clum-
sily, I Hazed him for the first three pages
andStraw Manned him for the next four.
Well, the paper came back with a long
comment, carefully showing how I had
misunderstood certain basic aspects of
the philosopher in my entire paper, The
grade was an A; I received a glowing
comment for my approach. 1 had played
the academic game by the rules; that was
more important than the fact that I
didn’t know what I was talking about.

 

 

by Mike McGuire

Before beginning this article, the author
would like to point out that he “Bet; on
Alumni Quad and is perfectly happy
there. He would never liuc on an uptown
quad, though, unless someone bribed him
handsomely to do so.

There has been great concern lately over
a curious trend towards students leaving
the uptown campus. Hundreds have now
disappeared, and only a handful of them
have been found wandering the halls of
Waterbury and Alden. The rest are
rumored to have turned into depraved
Albanians who lurk in innocent-looking
houses all along the university busline,
and have been carrying out all sorts of
immoral activities where no dorm director
can catch them.

To try to find some reason for this
strange evacuation, l started wandering
through an uptown hall. I soon ran into
my friend, Rabble, who seemed to live
there

Rather than a customary greeting, he
only whispered frantically, “Quick,
quick, get inside!"

Not understanding the need for furtivc-
ness, I asked, “What's the matter?"

“I can't be seen talking to a refrigerator
salesman," replied Rabble.

“Do l look like a refrigerator sales-
man'1", l wondered.

“'l‘hc quad staff thinks all outsiders are
potential refrigerator salesmen," Rabble
continued, "Oh no, it's too latcl", lit-
exclaimed as the footsteps from down the
hall grew louder.

“All right, you vilt shtop right Vere you
are und you vill not mOVe un inchl", said
a commanding figure, “to vc'vc finally
caught up with one uf zem."

'l‘wo burly males pinned me against a
wall while the other three in the party
walked into the suite and into Rabble's
unlocked room. They seemed to be
looking for something, but their search
was cut short when they realized that the
room couldn‘t fit more than two at any
givun time and thiit the window only lift
in enough air for one. “Look behind the
phone for dining room ushtrays," said
one of the men as another tipped the
phone off the wall. “I know there's
teaspoons in bowl", said another as he
broke open a large locked trunk.

“What's going on liare’.’", l demanded.

"it is verr-my simple," said the ap-

 

parent lcadur "i am Miss Diana M.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

What More Do They Want ???

Stampers, und 1 am in charge uf checking
for contraband in this quad. Zis is a
surprise check, und vot a surprise it is!”

Turning back toward the room, she
snarled at Rabble, "All right, Rabble, vcre
dit you hide it?"

“Oh, l'm straight, Miss Stompcrs," he
replied.

“Ve do not care about zatl,” she
screamed, “ve only care about lounge
furniture and illegal refrigerators, You vilt
now open up ze cluset.”

“But. Miss Stompersl”, Rabble ex-
claimed, “You told all of us that you
wouldn't look in the closet during
searches!"

“Yess, now vasn’t zat clcvvr,‘ she
mused, “keep moving it out into ze
lounge, boys."

The two men complied, moving out
ninc lamps, seventeen lounge couches,
twenty lounge chairs and ten tables in the
space of about fivt- minutes, all from
Rabble's formerly ('loscd closet.

“All right, Rabble", started Stampers,
“at five minutes each for two men at four
dollars un hour dat makes der total bill
thirty-five dollars. You cun pay now, or
you vilt shpend zc night in ac shnowl"

Rabble wrote out the check, while
mumbling, “Sure seems like overcharging
to me "

One of the men countered, “Duh, listen
kid, we don't make dc rules, We just
enforce deni".

Stampers had just pocketed the check
and told the two men ‘0 release me from
my spot next to llle wall when she
spotted the hot plate sitting on top of the
large Westinghouse in the suite. “Seize
both uf zcm", she ordered. Two men
took the hot plate and the third helped
out by carrying the refrigerator “ch vill
make un fine addition to 11: Pain Hall ofﬁce."
‘ “Wait a minutcl,” l said, "where am I?
I thought I was in Robert Hall on Stately
Quad."

"Veil," said Miss Stompcrs, “You just
arcii'l "

“Am I on Stately Quad or imperial
Quad‘!", I asked ltubblc

"in all probability." he replied.

As l walked out of the hall, l chanced
to go past lllt! open door of the dorm
director's comparatively spacious apart-
mcnt.

“l wonder why nobody wants to live
here," she wun saying, “i like the place
M fine myself."

y

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1973

 

 

 

 

 

. . 1
Vietnam
by George Esper

Associated Press Writer

SAIGON AP -— Fighting ebbed
across South Vietnam Thursday
amid glimmers of hope that
peacekeeping commissions were
ﬁnally on their way toward
policing the frail cease-fire.

Another '70 North Vietnamese
delegates to the four-party Joint
Military Commission were to ar-
rive in Saigon during the next
few days. Sunday was reported
as the target date for the Com-
munist representatives to be de-
ployed to seven rcgional field
headquarters.

The timetable for the start of
field operations by thc Joint
Military Commission hinges on
agreement among its four mcm~
hcrs, the United States, North
and South Vietnam and the Viol
Cong. American commission
members are in place, drawn for
the most part from US. adVisory
teams already operating in tin-
regions

The commission itself has l)l‘(’ll
bogged down by diplomatic ling-
gling and charges of t‘t'iisll-l‘lrl‘
violalions and has l)l't'il meeting
only at. the deputy ('hlt'f level

But lvhr- way was (ll‘ill‘l‘ll for
lhr- first meeting of Hip four
cliicf delegates with ’l'liursrlny's
arrival in Saigon of IA (ii-ii
Tran Van Tra, the head of NW
Vicl (,‘ong delegation,

U.S. holicoplvr crvwmi n
plf'lit'd up the Viol ('oiiu, pi-iiI-v'nl
.lll(l 28 other dPll‘gilLL'n ill lll|'
('onimunist district sliuiigliold
of LHL‘ Ninli, near the ('anibmli
an border 75 miles north Ill

_Hziigon. 'l‘rzi's return to Sdluiill

conic livi- years almost In th-
(lin after he led the lllll“ 'lwl
offensch against Saigon. 'l'ru, .i
Sbsy'canold Southerner, is (lcpu
ty military commander of llll
(Irimmunisi Central Office i..r
South Vietnam.

chcn American h1’llf‘llllll|\
inarkvd Wilh whitc $1“le lo
Signify they are supporting llll'
Joint Military Commission 11‘
Lurnl'd tlic Vict (king iii-logalr-s
to 'l'an Son Nliul air liilnl‘ Ullflt'l
unusually heavy sct‘urily

They won: litillht'd lll (‘niiip
Din/ls, a former US Signal
Corps installation on the 'l'.iii
Son Nhut base.

'l‘ra's absence has [)f(‘\l‘llll‘ll
the military commission lflilil
carrying out its l’l‘hptillhllillllll'n
including prcparing for priwiin-v
exchanges and assuring iii: t
«unity of the International ('on:

mission of Control and Super-
Vision.

The international body, made
up of representatives from Cana-
da, Indonesia, Hungary and
Poland, says it has been unable
to begin field operations because
the military commission has not
provided the required security
and support. The agreement
called for international ﬁeld
teams to be operational as of last
Tuesday.

The military commission also
has responsibility for agreeing on
the spots where prisoners will be
ovchangcd and insuring the safe-
ty of pcrsonncl engaged in the
reception of tho POWs.

Thc Saigon command claimed
that Ih'i‘ more cease-fire Violar
lions by the (lfilllll‘llllilnl side in
the [)ilsl 2~l hours pushed the

total nunilir-r lo l.l5ll since the
trot-v officially lit-gun a! H am.
Sunday

Smith Vll‘lllillnl'Sl' military
lii-arlquai‘lvrs ('lillll‘ll‘fl that 2.777
Noth Vu-lnanit-sc unil Vict
(,‘ong llll\i‘ lil‘l‘n lillli'il once thc
(lcatllini- for lull Ill hostilities.
South Victiinniww limscs were
rl‘lilil'ltll .is l'll \lvllllt‘l'\ killed,
I {l’i'i \‘.'0||lilll'll .iiiil lrill missing.

Hugun iiiilii. .H; \[Hilll'xlllcn said
('uziiiiiiuii,-\ lul inn-in \i‘l/v(f(l Lilli
lhllllli'lw .iv mu :lriulli Vietnam

(luring 4 «mm :i.i Lind grab liiil

'liii J41\II'il

 

ill irm-p- It‘ﬂlillltll
.‘iHlllrl n: 1 . . (.1 ilmn

l'iii' l'niiiniuinJ s-(lv- in riidli)
lilil.llll'1~ln_ ii A Art-d lili‘ Saigon
,:~.wrnmwni oi I'Ulnlitllllllg him
till ll: of I Iniw "iii- \I!Il1|ll')ll§
'i'lii- l' H Iniiiiinnntl closed out
Il\ \'.l'l‘l.l\' ".l.~ll1lll)' \l.l|]lnilfil‘h,
Ii liiiu  ‘lll .\nii-ri<'.in si-rvme

nivii . ll'll :n .ii'tilin iii lnilii
m Jill I. llllil,1lnll

 

I'liiii.i in

llil slill' of iln- ('l'Zml'lll't‘ Sun
(lay in .iilrliiimi, l'I,I;(i.". Amcri
i'.iii :‘|‘~ltl'llll'll (lll'll from non
livv~li|v ('ilunl'b, lllll li‘l'y wen-
\\'illll(l|‘ll on lllI' l);llll(‘ll"l(l and
l hll wvri- mpluii-il or are miss
Iiig Ii) or limit, ll‘l‘ -!Inililii_\’ stiltl

’l'lii. »iiiiii:.ix rlul iimi liIL'lUdt'
um: \nn lll .iii \tliu illl‘(l and lim-
mun-i ".liu in ii ‘.‘.'(il|llll|‘fl :ilti-r
llw hm t' iii-pm ll wl l'uur l' H
,i-ri .i . iv i n \\'l'l-‘ li||4 il in iii-lion
iil‘-l ow}. .illll lnw ui-u missing
or Filillllli‘ll r'i u. lllill llli‘ two
ll.l\‘\ iinnimli..t 1\ im- viling llil‘
ll‘ilsl‘ l'ii'l-

l'lii Hntiili \'ivln.iiiiv-\- iiiillliii'y
llrlllliiN-il :lnl .n i'-.lll iii iil'l'i
lliil win-lib < l u lll\ ~|lllllnill‘\'
l'liiiiwlm. 1m ')-. lli\l llllll' Ill

'liirllll I'ln-u v.) in. illlll’ll'tll

:w my.) mm. in

   

“R. -‘

,  AKOCHILDREN
'  chﬂ'vou DO?!”

     
      
        
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
    
  
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
       
       
     
      
     
  
     
   

    

 

WANTED:
WSUA Radio is looking for an engineer.
Must know something about transmitters and

electrical wiring. If you are interested call

457-5808 and ask for Eric or Dave. Leave

your name and phone number. A first class

FCC License is suggested but not required.

 

 
  
  

 

  

 
  
 
 
 

 

  
 
 

   
  

   

 

 

 
  
  
 

   
 
  
  

 

 
 

 

Funded by btudunl lax

 

Self Nomination Forms for University
Senate and Central Council can be picked

up ’Mondoy thru Friday, 01' CC 346. They

will be due 5 pm on February 9.

Seats Available: Senate~ Off Campus (l)
Council— Colonial (l) Off-campus (2)

Indian (l) Colonial (l)

Alumni (l)

Elections will be held February 13 - 15 or Campus
Center and Quad Dinner Lines, along with Mandatory
Student tax Referendum, and SA budget opinion poll

    
    
     
 
  
    
   
     
     
   

 

A whole new kind of alcoholic
beverage with natural lruit
flavor. Try Malt Duck Red
Grape Never too sweet-and
certainly never dull!
Avail-Mu wherever beer is laid.

        

    

w The Nsticnsl Bimini Co. at Bella . Md
Alw D-lrnit I Iml - Pharmi

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

  

PAGE ELEVEN

