 

 

 

;

 

 

Danes Win Easily Over SCSC  ‘ ' '  
Page ‘5 V Indian RA’s Vote to Stop Work;
PUPS H” 500; Aquame” Falle’ 'Page MI- 75 Claim to beAmong Lowest Paid in SUNY

In an action Thursday night, Indian Quad RA‘s voted to begin a work stoppage at
5:0I pm today. The step canto as a result of dissatisfaction on the part of the Residence
Assistants regarding their salaries.

The contention that SUNYA‘s RA‘s are underpaid has been the three behind recent
meetings, With the reduction ol‘ RA remunerations last year. SUNYA'S RA‘s are now
among the lowest paid Residence Assistants iii the State University system

The feeling has been expressed that the RA's should receive more than room
remuneration l'or their services. In light of this tact. and ot the Iact that to date no
administrative action has been taken to remedy tlte situation. a rrtirnber of Resident
Assistants ltave gotten together to form a bargaining strategy.

The RA‘s‘ involved hope to negotiate wrtlt Administrative ol'trcials. To this end. elected
representative from all live quads plan joint meetings with University brass to work

 

towards an acceptable agreement,
Causes of Dissatisfaction
Drssatislactron with the RA stipend eXists lot .i iitrinbei ol' reasons One ol‘ them is the
mere l'act that. while the cost of campus livtng has continued to spiral. the RA

-::z;*:;«.

allowance has been cltt considerably: from room. board and tuition last year to room
alone now. One RA made the observation that it cost him less to attend SUNYA as a
non-workng t'reslrman‘ than it does today even With the RA rob.

Another remarked that in light ol the tart that there are so many \acant iooms‘on
campus. the University certainly isn‘t losing anything by providini.r them wrtlt "tree"

 

rooms.

Still another Resident Assistant expressed .tttilt'l at the considerations being given to
this summer's ('onl‘eience Assistants Repoi |t‘tll\ the ("A‘s Will he lk'LL'lVllll.’ room. board
and $350 loi their servrce»

'I lie people in charge ot’ ('A hiring have expressed a desire to recruit "quality" people
tor the rob, 'I'hey I’eel that better reintineratroii wtll attract \llkll persons While aware
that the lands lot ('A payment entries trom a tlil’lerent source than RA appropriations.
the RA‘s leel that for the same reasons the RA allocations and recipients l‘or Residence
ASSlSltllllASlllph wrll rest considerably on the attractiveness ol~ the |ob

(Iotin (Cl'rAl'gtltnCltlS

in response to counterarguments claiming that current RA‘s lxllL'“ what they were to

-

Cagers Actlon

guytlmlﬂtcﬁle: i:.Eggagugmﬁungmﬂbzzijgﬁiﬂmno slinging“), hem " . poiirted otti that in any rob situation. one takes it on knowingt \tlrai lie Is to be paid
. i. _ . . e . . . . , . . 0w _ >

uglihéu “nun; 10ml] Brockm" 1This “my ms new: of [he ng';me on 0:315 I v However. that doesn t stop that person Ironi bargaining tor an increase »\\ this RA prrt

I y L I ' I l p ' L P g ' ‘ t “ ll “You can't change the tompensation tor a tub until you have that rob. triitil )Ittt are

The Danes relumw home Sump . ' l ‘ be paid when they applied tor the job. and thereloie should not complain. a spokesman

3:“
MS‘ngian ..
[It a positron to bargain _ '
Support lor job-Action
Representatives hour each tiuad's RA stall have met to L'\\lltlll\k‘ \tr‘\\\. suggest il\.l|t‘ll
and oigani/e a littlgtttltttlg committee lhatts ol the demands agreed upon by the

'One  observed it cost him less to attend  representatives are being presented to the proper authorities

Residence Assistants on the remaining lotri iitiatls express support tor Intlian‘saction

US a non-working freshman, "l0" l' does today Should no agreement be vtoiked out . llltl\’Cl.\ll_\ Mrde "rob action" Will he instigated
'l'lie RA's leel It is inrpor'atit not only to tliernt but to the lltltllt‘ ot the Result-rite

even Wiﬂl an  [.01).] Assistant position to push loi tliesc corrective measures

 

PAGE SIXTEEN TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1973

 

