3- .._..\......  g , ,,

.mzwgg “a”

\.
‘I
a.
I
I.

 

 

 

 

   

by Paul Michael Stewart

Wednesday, January
ﬁrst at 12:00 noon in the Cam-
pus Center Ballroom, just four
days past the signing of the
Indo-China peace accord be-
tween the United States and
North Vietnam, interested menr
bers of the SUNYA community
gathered to express their feelings
toward the war. The event,
billed as “A Gathering of
Penance and Mourning," en-
compassed a varied set of ex-

   

 

 

 

   

 

 
 
   
      

 
 

   
 

 

 

 
 
 
   
 
  

Gotliering 0f Penance and Mourning

  
    
   
    

  

 

 
   
 

 

slawsky

compiled by Danny Ross

International

BELFAST AP - Three teenagers bombed a busload of Roman
Catholic workers in a Belfast suburb today, killing one and Injuring
nine, as Northern Ireland‘s Catholic and Protestant guerrillas squared
off for all-out war against each other.

Eyewitnesses said the three youths waved down the bus as it was
on its way to the site of a new Catholic school. When it sloppmh
they threw the bomb inside, then escaped.

The bombing raised to 697 the conﬁrmed death toll in 31/: years of
religious warfare in Northern Ireland.

The militant Protestants of the Ulster Defense Association an
nounced Tuesday that because of Irish Republican Army “provm-a
tions," they could no longer hold Protestant extremists in Check am!
would not try.

The Catholics of the Irish Republican Army replied that ilini
would take “ruthless retaliatory action" for the killing of (illllltiIIIN
The UDA said this was “a virtual declaration of war."

(ZNS) - If the ceasefire in Vietnam falls apart. it should com. .i.
no surprise to President Nguyen Van ’l'liieu.

South Vietnam’s president has chosen one of his most disgi itwj
battlefield generals to head up Saigon's delegation to the jury”
military commission.

According to the Washington Post, Thicu has named Gcni-ral \‘go
Dzu to head up the commission which is responsible for SUIII‘I‘VIMHLV
the details of the ceasefire. General Dzu was disgraced last May when
he was publicly removed from his command in the central lllglllttlltl~
because his troops performed poorly in combat In addition, lllI'
general has long been accused of being one of the most Corrupt
generals in the South Vietnamese army.

The move to name Dzu its the head of the commission that ml!
work with National Liberation Front leaders is seen as a dirl'i'l
rebuff by Thieu to Liberation Front representatives. In effect, ’l‘hii-u
is telling members of the opposition forces that they must now (ll'dl
directly with an officer who was not deemed worthy of lctullllt'
troops in the field.

National

WASHINGTON AP  Sen. John (3. Stennis, shot twice in a holdup
remained in very serious condition today, but a hospital spokesman
said the 7lrycar-old chairman of the Senate Armed Scrviwu
Committee was helped by his general good health.

Police and FBI agents, meanwhile, checked policy files and vrsill-ii
several high schools in an effort to learn the identity of two
tcen-agers who are belichd responsible for shooting Stennis outsidc
his northwest Washington home Tuesday night.

Stennis underwent 61/2 hours of surgery for the wounds
the thigh and one which entered through the stomach and 1h:-
pancrcas. He has been fed intravenously and rec-civcil multipli- Illllllli
transfusions.

The spokesman at Walter Rut-d Army Medical Center, Maj (il'll
Frank Garland, suid Stcnnis‘ condition was “still very scrii is and llu
prognosis is guarded."

But he said the Mississippi Deinocrat was
extensive wounds and the subsequent surgery."

National lcadcrs, including President. Nixon, hich expressed llll'll
shock and concern for Stcnnis, 2i 25-year Senate Vctcraii and ii In i.
backer of a strong U.S. military.

Many sciiiitors denounced the attack on Stunnis as an cxumplv or
the crime problem in the nation's cities.

NEW YORK Al’ * Black militant ll Rap Brown opened his i- -‘
on rolilicry and attempted murder charges today with a [)I‘lt_\'|‘l 
Allah, iiiid told tlic jury: “l mysclfram no more than it l’tllllllltli'
looking fora l'ertilc place to fall "

Brown had been permitted to make an opt‘ning slalcnicnt to llll
jury of If) whites and two blacks liy Suprcmc (‘ourt JUstii-i- Aiiiuh:
Fraiman. The judge warned Brown that no “protestatioii of \nm
iiiiiocr-ncc" would be allowed.

The tall, ﬂfl-yciirold defendant, oiicc tlic l'icry cliairiiiiiii Ill ll»-
Student Nonviolent Coordinating Cornmittcc, lT‘lilLll' no rt-fi-rciicc ll!
his rampliiig, ll'rminutc opcniiig statement to the crimes Wllll vvlii:I
he is charged roliliiiig a liar and trying to kill policciiii-ii lll III!
shootout that followed.

'l‘hrcc co-dcfciidaan and the defense lilwyl'l‘h Wlll\'|‘II njiI'II-hi‘
statements and let Brown speak for them.

WASHINGTON Al’ Sons. Jacob K. .laVits, It N.Y., and lllll'liltl 1:
Hughes, D-lowa, 'l'hursday introduced legislation to llt‘t'llllllll-Ill/l
the. personal, private use of marijuana.

“’I‘hc legitimate complaint of American youth must I)" lllth"I'll
that those in our society who drink alcohol some RI) inillmli
dcscriminutc against tliusc Zil million Americans who may n-iigagc w
the casual use of marijuana in private," .IiiViLs said.

Uiidcr thc Juvtts~llughes proposal. it would no longer l)|‘ ItllI.I\\l|ll
f‘" I! PWHUI! I0 POSSUM; within a private dwclliiig marijuana ltil In
own use, or for the use of others, as long us it is iiol possi-sst tl \\lll
the intent to sell it for profit.

It also would not lie unlawful to possess in public an amount llIil
exceeding tlirce ounces of marijuana, proVidiiig privalc um H!
intended.

[ZN-SI ’ The Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs n-pml.»
Ihhgiﬂl‘t will! he" retraining what it calls ii “definitch ri-porl” on
“Mlulillrﬁﬂ IIHU t'nictli it (lull loiic) wltlitii tlic ncxt tlircc wot-ks H
“ lualonc better known on the streets as “sopors II
quittiludcs” * is a kind of downer that is showing up in It“ pin-L». Ill
me unllcd Sluwl Despite the fact that the drug can cause iltltllt'lll'“
and even death through overdose, it's not illegal under prt-sciii lnws

A spokesman for the Bureau said the report win cull rm tough
controls on “Mothuqualonc.”

(IIH' Ill

‘(loing well in View of h:

 

PAGE TWO

prenlons ranging from an appeal Steve Shaw did a reading from
from the Medical Aid for lndo~ Abraham Heschel, a Jewish
thirty. China campaign to an expression scholar, which was entitled.
by the Performing Arts Group of “The Moral Outrage of Viet-
the SUNYA Dance Council. nam." Heschel noted that what
Although only a few people the government of the United
turned out. the program started States has done has been done in
on schedlIIe- Lustlntl only an your name and “our actions in
hour, it wasamoving experience Vietnam have become a night-
for all who did attend. mare.” There were other
The program was sponsored by readings.
elements of the Jewish Students Truly the most striking portion
Coalition and the Newman As- of the program was the ex-
sociation, as well as other in- pression of the dance groups.
terested people. Led by Maud Baum they per-
formed what they call “Atom
HearthotherSuite" to music of
the same title by Pink Floyd.
The Suite is of a cycle of
human interaction. It is a truly
poetic and emotional drama ex-
pressing vividly some basic social
and psychological elements of
life itself. Ms. Baum tells us the
‘ ' Suite will be reperformed Febru-
Posters 0 art prints oGreeting cards my ,1 ,, pm 0,  ,,,,,,.
. mental theatre project.
 .  .  a  Finally Barry Schwartz, a re-
presentative of the crusade for
Medical Aid for lndoChina,
of    made an appeal. lie noted that
‘ ‘ , anyone interested in helping the
PEARL GRANT RICHMAN S people of lndo—China through
STUYVESANT PLAZA contributions or otherwise
should contact the Student
Association at 45745543.
II I
in. l  Z ,. . ., ,,
‘i i “If I' .
ll ’~ ~\\ shrew»
View? g .
It!  J; ,_ ‘3 ,.
lllll ‘ ' ’* ’  if
.“f
/ b 
WELCOMES YOU 10 AN UNUSUAL INFORMAL. INEXPENSIVE. AND SLIGHer
SENSAIIONAL NEW ITALIAN RESTAURANT SERVING
I . PARMIGIAN
I LASAGNA ' BURGERS
' " CLAMS ° SANDWICHES
ANDQmTOOI
i“ MefWid "i
‘ , WELCOMES vou 10 AN ITALIAN
W-  EARIth FESTIVAL:
WITH SOME EXCITING NEW IDEAS . _
.o . H
‘ W” Salraaﬂlm
J
A delicious new Italian food “mutton,
Marinated chunk! at most chaibrolled .. All you can eat. '
0" 3 “"4" 4: .4 Free mlii dlnnel
m) ' '5
\e"
BEER _ WINE
Como aw
Now open every day It 30 A.M.'I AM. LUNCH ' DINNER ' ETC
w  O ,
K WEST!“ AVENUE It [Ulm IOAD
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 2, 19715

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

Vieﬂmm:

 
 

Ceasefire But No Peace

News Analysis
by hrry Applebaumm/AFS

With the signing Saturday of
the Vietnam cease-fire agree-
ment in Paris, President Nixon
acknowledged his political, mili
tary and diplomatic defeat in
that small Southeast Asian
nation.

The January 27 agreement
does not differ in substance
from October’s agreement that
grew out of secret negotiations
between the Democratic Repub-
lic of Vietnam's Le Duc The and
Dr. Henry Kissinger.

The December 16 New York
Times reported that in Novem-
ber Kissinger presented two new
demands to Tho that would have
fundamentally cl angcd the
agreement. The first was that the
DRV and the Provisional Revo-
lutionary Government of South
Victnam remove all “North Vict-
namcse” troops from thc south,
or acknowledge that they are
thcrc “illegally.” The second dc~
niand was that thc DRV and
PRC accept thc 'l‘hicu regime as
the " government in the
south

'l‘lii-sr- two (lcmiinds ignore the
Vietnamese bargaining position
for tlic last fivc years and the
llthl (hint-Va Accords Wl1I(‘ll
slatt- that “llic military dcmiircii-
liiiii lllll' is provisional and
should not lll any way lic intcr~
pri-lctl as constituting a political
or lt'rl’lltlrltll I)()Ullll:ll'y ” Viol-
iiiim is (inc country, not two.

srilc

’l‘wicc iiftcr Kissingcr‘s “peace

is at hand" statcmcnl thc secret

negotiations broke up over the
new demands. On December 18
President Nixon ordered the car-
pet bombing of Hanoi and Hair
phong in a gamble that the
Vietnamese would be forced to
accept the US. demands. The
result was that the U.S. lost 34
3-525 and five swing-wing Fl 11
ﬁghter bombers, and added
more POW’s to the ones it
claimed to be protecting.

Bombing Brings Disfavor

In Bonn, six members of Willy
Brandt's Social Democratic par-
ty in the Budestag likened the
bombing of the DRV to the Nazi
bombings of civilians in Spain
during the Spanish civil war.
Sweden’s Premier Olaf Palme
issued a statement on December
23 calling the US. bombings a
“form of torture" similar to the
Nazi atrocities at Guernica, Babi
Yar and Lidicc.

Nixon, sensitive to world opi'
nion, sent a letter of protest to
Sweden and advised l’iilme he
could not send a new ainliiissii
dor to Washington.

Wliilc Illl' rcncwcd bombing of
the North was taking placc.
Nixon was reported to have
made overtures to China and tlic
Soviet Union urging them to
pressure the Viclinimcse to
acct-pt the (lcmands. 'l‘hc (‘.hi
nest- responded, according to thc
I’i'lriiig Ift‘l'll’tl‘. with a mass rally
in the Great Hall of the People
for Madamc Nguyen 'l'hi Binli.
the Foreign Minister of the PRC.

'l‘lii- SoVict Union hinted at Ll

 
 
  
  
  
 
  

postponement of Chairman Leo-
nid Brezhnev‘s scheduled visit to
the U.S. In a New Year’s Eve
address Soviet Premier Kesygin
condemned the bombing and
said that unless the U.S. sign the
agreement relations between the
two countries would be
“strained.”

It seems clear that the bomb-
ings were a threat to Nixon‘s
rapprochement with the
U.S.S.R. and China. it is also
apparent that the US. and not
Vietnam was forced back to the
negotiating table to sign the
UL’I‘UOI‘I‘ICIII

The January ‘37 iigrccmcot
does not contain Kissingcr's two
provisions. instead, tlic iigri-t-
iiicnl docs not mcntioii “North
Vicliiiiiiii-si-" troops at all. and
lltll‘h i't't‘iiglilll’ llit' i-xisiuiicc (if
“two South Victnaincsi- par
lies," the 'l‘liu-u ri-ginic and the
PRU

Rcal Pcacc Unlikely

It is unlikely that llTI‘I'I' Will lic
rczil pi-acc til the south in the
Hour l'ulurc l’rcsidcnl 'l'liicu dc
scrllwd lln- signing of [lic agrcc
mi-nt as “the end of thc first

will have real peace, we must
wait and see."

phase of defeat of Communist
military agression,” and said the
next phase would be "a political
struggle in which we will defeat
Communisty atheistic doctrine.”

The massive U.S. military
build-up of the Thieu regime in
the last few months indicates
that "political struggle" is not
expected to succeed and that
civil war in the south will once
again break out. If and when this
happens the 'T'hieu regime will
probably fall. It was not able to
defeat the National Liberation
Front with the direct military
support ofthe U.S. Without that
support the better organized
NLF is sure to gain even more
territory than it now controls.

With more than half of the
south under the control of the
PRC (New York Times, January
25) and a strong pro-PRC and
neutralisl movement in the
cities, it will be difficult for
'I'hieu to wage a successful politi-
cal struggle in the south. Nor is
it clear that this is his intention.
Last Tuesday 'I‘liicu iid, “I only
consider it a (‘L'Elsl'lll‘t' agree»
mcnt As to wlicllicr or not we

 
      

  

" one of the great movlea about lltll country."
a bountllul harvest of a film."
— Rex Reed
"Staggeran proportions and sweepan power." _
Curr/z, My“... NEW YORK NEWS 3
"ONE 0; THE YEAR'S 10 8557;
n  l ' i
The Eggrants . i
Max von Sydow 1.1 v U11man.:.’,

TODAY THRU THURSDAY
7:00 , 9:30

     
     
  
    
  
    
 
  
    

 

 
 
 

ROCKER RECIINER
CHAIRS

     

A NEW DIMENSION IN CINEMA LUXURY
NORTNWAV MALL - RT 5 A I-BI ~ COLONIE

 

Alli GALLERT
Tel. 459-5300

 

WILL YOU BE TRAVELLING BACK TO
SCHOOL, FROM THE SECOND SPRING RE-
CESS, ON EASTER DAY? HELP US TO
SUSPEND CLASSES FOR THE DAY AFTER
EASTER TO ALLOW YOU TRAVEL TIME.

 

PUT PARKING IN THE UNIVERSITY PAR-
KING LOTS ON A FIRST COME FIRST
SERVED BASIS! END THE PRESENT ANTI-
STUDENT DISCRIMINATION PRACTICES...

THE GRADING POLICY FOR THE NEXT
SEVERAL YEARS IS IN THE PROCESS OF
BEING DETERMINED FOR YOU. FIND OUT
WHAT WILL BE HAPPENING TO YOU AND
IF YOU CAN HAVE AND INPUT.

 

 

MON, FEBRUARY 5

ATTEND THE UNIVERSITY SENATE MEET INA
cc ASSEMBlY llAll

BE TIIERE 70 SHOW TIIEM Y0” CARE: IF YOU'RE N07;
YOU CANT OOMPMIN A3007 WIIAT TIIEY 00 T0 Y0”

3:00 PM

 

 

At present, the Second Spring Recess runs from
April l3-April 22. Classes are scheduled for
April 23. April 22 is Easter Day. If you want to
or have to attend classes on April 23, you must
travel back to school on Easter Day. Irritating,
isn't it! Wouldn't you rather spend the day at
home with your family than on the road back
to school. We’re trying to have classes suspen-
ded on Monday, the 23rd. Come to the Senate
Meeting and Help Us Help You!

 
   
 

There!

 

We are all familiar with the Fall Parking Strike.
Contrary to popular opinion, it did not just
fade away. The issues, of who should park
where, went to a special representative commit-
tee, that has recently made the recommenda-
tion to Vice-President Hartley, that all parking
lots be placed on a First-Come First-Served
Basis. This ends preferential parking for any
group, most notably, the Faculty. The Univer-
sity Senate, 2/3's of which is composed of
Faculty and Administration seems to be moving
in the direction or rejecting this recommenda-
tion. If they do reject it, the entire Fall Parking
Strike will have been in vain and it may be to
remobilize the Strike. But we don't want to
have to strike again so we are going to try to
win in the Senate on Monday. II we are to have
any chance to win at all, we will need mmy
students to support us. Don't Hang Back! Be

In November, the University Senate passed a
"new" grading system for SUNYA undergra-
duates. Actually, the "new" grading system is
more like a return to the old grading system of
mandatory A - E grading for courses, with some
options for a limited amount of non-major
pass-fail credits. We really felt stifled on this
one. Well, as we said it probably would, the new
grading system had a lot of “bugs” in it, the
Senate had somehow overlooked. There will be
several proposed changes to the new system
made on Monday to deal with these "bugs".
The whole new system should be reconsidered,
we will see what happens on Monday!

 

liiiiiloil liv slime-ii lax

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1973

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE THREE

  

