  
 

 

 

  

 

 

by Duval Snowden

On Wednesday, January 3, a
newly constituted New York
Stair Legislature convened, hear-
ing the emphatic delivery of
Governor Rockefeller’s fifteenth
State of the State message.

Each house met briefly, then
gathered in joint session to hear
the governor’s speech, this time
urging, among numerous other
proposals, a life-term sentence
with no hope of parole for drug
pushers, some type of no-l'ault
automobile insurance, and a
take-over by the state of the
Medicaid affair.

Out with the old. in with the new

The opening of the session
brought many new faces to the
legislature and gave new faces to
otherwise old legislators.

Senator Warren M. Anderson
of Binghamton will wear the hat

    

, as the new Majority Leader and
temporay President to succeed
former Senator Earl W. 31111095
of Niagara Falls, who retired.’

Senator John J. Marchi of

Staten Island will edge into his
new seat as Chairman of the
Senate Finance Committee.
Three new faces include flam-
boyant and outspoken Senators
Karen Bernstein, Carol Bellamy
and Mary Anne Krupsok.

Things remain pretty much the
same in the Assembly as they
re-elected Assemblyman Perry 8.
Duryea, Jr. from Montauk as
Speaker and Assemblyman John
Kingston of Westbury as Major-
ity Leader. Speaker Perry Dur-
yea then named Assemblyman
James L. Emery of Geneseo as
Deputy Majority Leader and
Glen Harris, Caroga Lake. as

Ms ority

 

 

IEIETIION '73
Personnel Interest Meeting

Anyone interested in working for Telethon this year:
selling food, answering telephones or checking at the door,
come to a meeting, Tuesday, Jan. 30 at 8:00 pm in LC 4,
"HAPPINESS IS SHARING“ so share your time and help
us make Telethon ’73 the biggest everl!

For info call Anne 7-8774 or Barbara 7-4012.

 

 

 

Meanwhile, everything on the
other side of the fence remained
the same with Assemblyman
Stanley Steingut and his count-
erpart in the Senate remaining
as Minority Leader in their res-
pective houses.

New Approach

The trumpet from Capitol Hill
this year comes in the form of ii
gut-tough policy with drtig push—
ers and addicts, stemming from
Governor llockefeller‘s message
that the time has come “for
brutal honesty regarding nar-
cotics addiction".

He continued to note that
“every possible approach to stop
addiction and save the addict
through edUCation and treat-
ment" has been hopclcss and
resulted in little if any cure
through a rehabilitative process.

Therefore, because of the com
bination of crime and drugs, six
basic points were outlined by
the Governor as guidelines for
his get—tough policy.

— --Any illegal traffic in hard
drugs would result‘in a penalty
of life in prison and would
forbid acceptance of a plea to a
lesser charge, probation, parole,
and for suspension of sentence.

--Crimcs of violence committed
by persons under the influence
of hard drugs would measure up
to, and be provided with, the life
sentence.

~Thc youthful offender in-
Volved with the illegal traffic of
drugs would be subjected to the
same scntencc, except that they
would be eligible for parole after
fifteen years.

--lmposition of ii 100 per cent
State tax on all goods, property,

\

1' legislatiim Shuffling; Rocky's Cards on Table

or monies confiscated its iI ri-su"
of the illegal traffic of lriri]
drugs.

«$1,000 cash I‘I‘Wilfti fur ihi»
person-or persons [irtn'ldlng m.
formation leading to iiIt' “pp”,
hension and (.‘Onvit'iltiil ol‘n h
drug pusher.

--Expansion of iiil‘ Niiri'iiiii.
Court structure with
ations of State
funds.

iiiil

.ippropn
and him”,

So What Else is Nun"

After the excitement iilill Iiit‘
Governor crcati-d Wllll ii|\ mrt
sage, the legislatiw- Iii-illnm l'tjn.
tinued with tho usual lhollghh
of no-ftiult auto lllslll’ullt't‘. “mi
repeal of New York's iiiil‘millrd
abortion law-now. iit'idlist' ..1
the Supreme
ruling, no longi-r il who.“ i...

I fill” \ “.(im.

Si) whiit clsc is ncv.

Pollution, Ignorance Threaten Pond

Tlli' following l.\' ilic .wi‘iiiiil of
ii Iii-ii [no-t \‘ltlfl'fllt’llf from
S! ’N )I.“ 's Iz'iii'ii‘oiinicnIiil [)0
i'isions ('oiiiiiiilli'c iin Ilii- XIII/I15
of llic ciiiii/iiis [iiiiiil

I'ri-liminary sludii-s by iiilcrcst
i-d students and studii-s by [hi-
Nt‘W York State IJI-piirtini-nt ol’
l'Inviriiiimi-iitiil Conservation (I'Iii
(‘iiul have shown that the pond
\Vilil'l' lllt'l‘ih Inorganic standards
for drinking wzitcr quality pro
\‘ltil'ti tlir \Vilit‘l' is l'ilti-rcd :ind
cliloi‘iiiiiii-il I’criodit- lt-sts pcr
l'iirini-d l'or lilt' campus iiifiriuiiry
iiitlii'nlt- iii.it tlic pond Is tiiistil'c
for N\\'llllllllllL{ and the I'Inviroii
tin-iii.il I)l't'l\'ltlll.\ t'oniinil li-i- til.\
ci-iiingi-s such itf'll\‘liil‘\ .is "i-'!ll
(i|\|lIL'

I‘lii- pond ix li-il li\ »|)|'|IIL1 .iiiil
‘illlii‘lt't‘ runiill It I kiiiiAii tli.it
lil'illllilLIt' pipcs I'roin lllu' :iihlviit-
fields and ii parking lot II'A'ti ililli
the pond Iii ki-i-p Iilr tinilci'
supply high enough for ll'l'lgtllltitl
purposes, No study ol IIII' \viiti-r
budch has bi-i-n made w “N do
iiol know thi- proportion of run
off (from pljlcs, cut) to spiing
Wilil‘l‘. 'I‘Iic Iilkt‘ iil'li-ii
murky color which inilii'iitcs

that stream nrplpc drainage is
important at lciisl in
follownig rain.
A studth projch report

has .i

pi-riods

(ill

somi- chemical properties ol ilii-
pond water found that oil drain
iigc, perhaps front a parking lot.
may lic ii problem in lilt‘ Ii'ki-.
'l‘lit- EDC is discouraged by thi-
filt‘l tliiil mll(‘Il of this oil swims
to comc from students who un
knowineg empty their crank
cust- driiiiiiiigs into the parking
lot drziin tot (he southwvst lot]
which subsequently cntcrs iIll‘
pond.

The I'Il)t' encourages studi-nl
projects for \Illtill‘h of III!‘ pond.
Wi- do not ycl know the effect
of still illlti oil driiiiuigt- on the
ponii :iiid ll) Illtliil. If damagi-
Irtllll lilt'hl' sulistniit'cs It. pi'iii‘cii
tiicii iiiii- .illi-iiuitiw' would ill‘ Iii
hypo.“ the pond \vuli Iill' pipi»
il’ilfilllﬂ li’iini Ill" piiikiiig lot

Hindu-x in I'lii t'on and II\
(2. \' Si-Iwyii ((‘Ill'illlhll'y iii.ipii'

  

; s ol' I‘J7li show significant
oxygen di-pli-iiiin in [ill‘ iicnr
liolliiin walcr ciiuscd by ilct'tiy
ing organic miittcr niilurnlly pre-
nl‘lll in tlic liikc. Drctlging of the
lake may alleviate some of this
prolili-in. 'l‘liis Sillnt‘ oxygen tit"
pIi-Iioii occuis naturally in miir-
shy liiki-s. I‘in ('oii maintaincd a
fiin st iii-king of trout
(lilti-ivl070) :inil largemouth bass
il‘J'i'l illlti lil7‘J] and pcrformcd
two fish surVI-ys.

‘l'lic first siirvcy in IUIif) show-

 

admission:

$l .00 w/out

 

tlic iiitcriiatioinil

film group

$.50 w/student tax

I uurruu

 

 

“I-

u WUU

 

 

 

tuiidiid by student tax

The Cinema of Japan

   
      

 

 

UGETSU

FRIDAY, i

7:i5 & 9:45

even
midn

 

AN. 26

Lecture Center 25
next week:

"19— WOMAN or

ight-WHAT‘S Up,

stalc lllllVL'I‘hin oi new
york :il .ilbniiy

l

t

I

s

cation by stud-int i

and t'llViriiiIs t.\ Ili.ii II it
[liilt't‘ It) lnkc .i ‘iilliii ii.
ililiy iinliii.il ‘il'lilllt' l
campus which in |.iiyc|\  c "‘

cd good ('ilit‘Ilt'\ oi iii-«J li‘i‘
survcy iii l07l shout-iii .' 
only “trash fish" iin'iriim, ,ii.
dominantly thliliil‘vi‘ in row
population was illliiillii . ..i,‘

 

of i-mpliiiitntiiin. l-v iii "it
lions that Iill‘\ (writ:

buss popiilnliiiii Iijli‘.

fiin ill’t' cliiiiiiini-d

could bc ilt't'lillljlii vi

ing or poixiiiiiii;
I’t'L‘Ul‘nnlI'llti lilt‘ l:ii'.

With this sini. iii: 
rciil'l'irntx II\ poi:
pond .onl l'li‘.l it
Iiiililililillt'ti .i.
slitti- il> In i i..
this wr- iiiinii it
'»lII'I'lilIIItiIlii’ 1-,.”

should iiiiv '. i:

by .iii.~ ~.-.ii..i:

tlii- \'.|i|l4‘

'I'Iiiis, it lilt‘tit'ill,
iill' Iiiiiik lrx ili l oiii
improvcini-nl Iill‘li iiu *‘
sanction such liltll‘t‘li : » i'i .
cvnr, Wl‘ strongly did
use of thc ri-gioii in.
lots, buildings illlti IlEi ‘ .i
poses and urge Illiil :iw
any kind for inwil
control he stopped row -- H

W“ rccoiniiu-iid Ili.il w " ir'
uric Ilmt- piiiiil .iiiil - iii ’1'
for purposi-s «if \Illli‘, r ‘

biological si-ii-in»
mcntul stiiilii-s, lill‘llll
thcr inlcrcsti-d gioni' V"
not disciitirtigi- piiiiii
fishing or HIIII'l siiiiil It

so long as iil|‘\ ilu mm ‘ ‘-"
the natural N‘illllll ll """'
sliiiid illiit it liiisll iii"
the pond ii. for Illli‘
campus grounds

WI‘ fi-cl lilill .i ‘.I|‘
function of lilt' I.i|'i"‘

wc can, wttliiii Illliltlil
lilc busy pri-ssuiin. oi mi ‘

III‘ In Visit Iill' HW-
jllII‘I lli nnliiii-

'I'lic I'IIH' illilll". lil.il i

lll'llI Ilzis t‘Iilllill'li MI»

Viii‘Ii-ly iil IIIIIIII".‘IHII "

IIIIV1‘IMI\ i'iiiiiiiiiiiiil. 1

about Iill‘ t‘lililjilli» porrii
HUI IiiiVi- .iIl oi Iilt iii

liiiiigly It'i’llllllilll‘ii

liiiliwi iiI Iilt' point :i-l

THE DUNES    

TIGER LILLY?

 

 

PAGE FOUR

llltit'lllh, |.ii~iiliy .lllli

[I’l’lli one iil our ii'V\ Illli . i .
spots of llililll't' wuli [III M w"

it rightly til‘hl'er'h

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, JANUARY 21), I‘I/r

  

 

 

 

 

 

Reactors Linked to
Diseases and Death

A strong connection between radioactive wastes
from nuclear power plants and lethal affects upon
neighboring population centers has been found by a
University of Pittsburgh radiology professor. His
findings are helping arouse public resistance to the
construction of new reactors.

Dr. Ernest Sternglass, a specialist in the effects of
low level radiation on the human body at the
university's School of Medicine has recently released
a study linking nuclear waste discharges with in-
creased infant mortality rates and with serious adult
diseases.

Since then Sternglass has been into a new project
concerned with three wholly unexpected rises in
infant mortality in sections of Pittsburgh and in
nearby towns such as Aliquippa and McKeesport
since 1960. Sternglass blames each of these rises on
three excessive releases of radioactive wastes from
nuclear power facilities around Pittsburgh.

On April 3, 1960, a serious accident occurred at
Westinghouse Electric Corp.‘s Waltz Mills Materials
'l‘csting Reactor on the Youghiogeny River some 20
miles upstream from Mcchsport and 25 miles
upstream from Pittsburgh. It was caused by an
intense ovor-ht-ating of the radioactive core of the
reactor, resulting in the creation of a lethal molten
mass. 'I'hc accident, unpublicizcd at the time for
obvious reasons, released an estimated 5000 curios
of “highly radioactch fresh fission products" which
found their way into the atmosphere and the
Yoiighiogcny Itivor,

Infant mortality riilcs in McKi-i-sport had declined
ovur tlii- 10:301. to :i I‘ilit‘ of '_'3l,.'l pcr 1000 Ith‘ births
in lilfifi; but in 1000, thi- you ll!“ accident
contaminated iilt‘ i\il'i(l‘(‘.\|ltil'l‘~i water supply, lhc
riilc juiiipcil it) Silt} .lllti in liltil, wart-d to 43.8,
iii-clining :iguiii lilti‘: to 110.7 i|ll(i in lSltiil to 215.3.

chrnglnss siiitl that “n similar sharp ])l‘ili( in infant
mortality was tli)hl'l‘\’t'(I in tlic city of Aliquippii
liii-ntcil sonic .i0 mili-s furthI-i' downstream from
Ait‘Kt't'sjitirl. .iiiil Ilil' i-vvry county along thi' ()Iiio
iiIU'l’ downstream for a dislaiicc of still)!‘ 1:30
iiiili-w "

Ywi lliiiiiigliiiill lliis \viiiili- pcriiiil [10:30 015).
iilt‘l't' has .lll ll\t‘l'i|ii ilci-linc iii iiifiint mortality for
iill' alntcs iil' I‘i-iinsylrnniii and Ohio.

In [00.0, lilt‘l't‘ was i sudden Firm in iiIt' grist-nus

 

and liquid Wilhll' rcli-nscs coming from niiolhcr
\Yt'nlllluiltilltit' facilily, thc Bt'LIIh Atomic I’owcr
l.:ilior:itiiiit-s. liicnti-d just outsidi- of Pittsburgh in
Mi-Kwsptirt. A good portion of the wastcs~wliicii at
tlicir worst iicw-r (‘Vl‘ll i-xcccili-tl the maximum
pi-rniissililc limit sci by Iilt‘ Al'it,‘ ciidi-d tip in the
Monongahela :il thc point wlicrv McKi-i-sport dips

 
   

 

"AMIIIICAII CAKCIII SUCIIII

chem

WESTERN AVENUE

mg,
«in. ii tie,

into it for its water.

In this case, too, Sternglass found another sudden
jump in the infant mortality rate for McKeesport---a
rise of 57 per cent between 1964 and 1966--and
again increases were seen downstream along the
Ohio. This time the effects of the contamination
were seen in Pittsburgh.

In the two years following 1968, Sternglass found
a third rise in infant mortality that he laid to a
renewed increase in gaseous emissions from the
Bettis labs during that year.

It was easier to correlate infant mortality rates
with incrases in radioactive wastes because the
impact is far greater and more quickly seen on small
children than on adults, who can linger for years
with cancer or leukemia before dying. Radiation can
act on an infant's growth and metabolism, leading
to immaturity at birth and lowered resistance to
diseases.

But the ease of correlation with infant deaths
doesn’t mean there isn't any evidence linking
radioactive gases released from nuclcar reactors and
nuclear tests with diseases in adults. In another
paper, “Environmental Radiation and Human
Health," Sternglass concluded that such gases “may
have a serious effect on the incidence of chronic
diseases of Lilt‘ respiratory system such as bronchitis
and emphysema that equal or even exceed the
cffccts of ctiiivuntional chemical air pollutants."

lli- found, for instance, that along with nuclear
testing in Ni-w Mcxn'o bctwccn iii‘Ii’l and 1950,
tht-rc was :i sharp risc of deaths [luv to noninfcctiiius
respiratory discascs in that unptillulcd state.
iI’I(‘I'(‘(Ili)i_V i-nough, that was tloiililr‘ thc (I-‘Iilil “110
for the saint» (iiscust-s in thc much more lit-:iVily
liltillSli‘ldith'ti stalc iif Ncw York, Prior to lhc
advent of nuclear testing, thi- rate for Now Mcxu'o

wzis rcry low.

Hit‘l'llﬁiilh‘i contends that the companies building
tll'\\‘ i'i-.i Ilil“v or not only iipparcntly Ullt'tillt‘t'l’lll‘ti
ililtilll lilt‘ licnlili hn/nrds lhi-y Dimi', but that thi-
t'tilllpiilllt‘!‘ :iri- [IUI‘IIUNt‘iy scrirnpiiig on siifcly
IIIt‘iIhIIl'I' in Sith‘ nioni-y. Wcstinglitiusc cliiiins it can
molti- cqtiipnii-nt Iilill will cniii It'l'tl waslcs." says
Sicriigltiss. “but it is, of course, t'XIH‘II\|Vl‘, and
I)uijui-siii- Light IIIH‘ Iilllitit‘l' of tlic two iii-w

Pittsburgh rout-tori.) didn't opt for that

But tlii-ii, profit and it ('iiiict-rii for human lifc hich
iii-Vi-r gonc Wcli together in iill‘ Unich Stall-s.

by John (‘ovcrt/Altcriuitivc Features Scrvicc

Winter
Film Festival
at the SPA SUMMER THEATRE
Janus Films presents:

the original
uncut ver3ion

unseen
for 35 years

\ y.

    
  
   
     

he.
2:

 

,(Kl-(Kxxxxyy

   

 

‘ ~2L-‘Z '1‘; Z»: ‘rZZ~:Z-; ‘1’. ;~:‘/<:>£s£ mrxxx‘

Siiiiiiiici
Iilt' tllfitt- ()l Sliidciil |.iic

Inmllllill will llthiin'

two iii.iiid.i
Sunday. I.iiiii.iiy 2|,
chiicsduy, I.iiiii.iiy

xxxxxxxx

(k'iltci I if).

 

 

 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1973

Summer Planning Conference 1973
application: for conference ambient: now mikbe

/\|)|)iiti|lltitl\ loi (oiiici't-iitc Assistant positions for y
Planning (oiiiciciit c ‘75 illL' |l()W .ivniiahit- Ill
(Iainpiis (Zciitci fill. it
Illlt'lt'sit'ti iiiidcigi'niliintcs illt‘ lllVllt‘ti to apply. Ilic
.i iiiiiiiiiitiiii lilllt' tiiiiitiiitiiiciit oi

Illlll' 1‘3 to August fi, I‘l7i. All (".A.'s will ict'civc .i

‘ \ilidl) tli $850.00 pitis lUtiIll .iiid [iii.iid Ioi lilt' L‘Illlit' :
x toiilciciitc pciiod, Appliinlioii tit'.ltiilllt' is Icliitiniy ‘3, x
l‘)7i. All .tliliill.ll|l\ .iic It‘lillllt‘ti to attend ()Nli iii

ioiy iiitt-icxt int-clings. |’i.iii ltl lu- pit-wot till i
|‘)7 5 at 7:00 Ill ( (' i'iiliiltililll, ()R y
ii. [075 .iI 7:00 Ill tht' Aswiiibiy

II.iII. I’oi .ltilillliilidi iiiloiinnlioii stop by (kiiiiplis

V ‘ n
)me xxm WWW

 

   

JANUARY 27 8t 28
at 7230,9215 pm.

BOX OFFICE:
(BIB) 684-0330

 
     
   

 

 

Efforts Fail to Curb Drug Use

Despite the use of 40 million pamphlets and posters, numerous
radio and TV spots, and 20 films, the government's educational
campaing to stop Americans from taking Psychedelic drugs has
‘ failed. This, conclusion was reached by two different studies
commissioned by the Department of Health, Edueation and Welfare.
According to Psychology Today (January, 1973), both research
teams" one establishment-oriented and the other more closelt allied
with counter-culture views-contended that “psychedelic drugs have
positive effects on many users; and in the case of self-destructive
abuse, educational program are now effective ...and potentially
harmful".

The report of the counter-culture research group declared that
“The search which young people pursue with psychedelic drugs can
be a highly moral, productive and personally fulﬁlling one." The
establishment team suggested that “in place of prevention as a
reachable goal, drug use on the part of youth could be accepted --
especially marijuana use."

Financial Aid Not in Jeopardy

(ZNS) A special provision in Federal law which denies financial aid
to students who are convicted of a (quote) “serious” crime has been
overturned by a Federal appeals court in Chicago.

The law has been commonly dubbed “The Agnew Provision"
because it had been strongly supported by Vice Prmident Spiro
Agnew as means of disciplining unruly college students. The
three-judge appeals court panel handed down its decision in the case
of Jeanne Deloff of Chicago; Ma. Deloff's Federal loan payments had
been stopped two years ago after she was arrested during an
R.O.T.C. sit-in at the University of Chicago campus to protest the
Cambodian invasion,

In overturning the law and ordering Ms. Deloff‘s payments
reinstated, the judges criticized the phrase in the provision which
refers to (quote) “A Crime of a Serious Nature." The justices ruled
that the word "Serious" was legally vague, would have a different
meaning to different people and, therefore, was unconstitutionally
broad. David Goldbergcr of the American Civil Liberties Union
hailed the decision as (quote) “one of the first to counter the
hysterical reaction of congress to the student protests of the
I 960's. "

 
 

WITHDRAWING riivAiicmi AID
From "UNRULY” STUDENTSZI
MAN, IF THAT REALLY Took
EFFECT EVERYONE WOULD
BE LoaKiN' FUR PART-TIME '
WORK BY MARCH!
.406”

    
     
   
     

  

 

 

Hungry?
WE DElllIERII

FRESH

HOMEMADE
PIZZA

 

Subs

Name Your Fixens

By the Pieces
Ice Cold
Bud. Soda!

Gite A Call!

Hours Phones
Wed & Thurs 723041100 pm 457.3827
Fri & Sat 8:00 pm-12100 am or

Sunday 3:00-9:00 pm 457-3205
\ Campus Center

Chicken

 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE FIVE

 
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
 
   
   
   
    
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
     
    
  
    
   
  
  
    
    
    
 
    
      
  
 
   
  
  
   
     
 
    
   
   
  
   

 

 

i:
ll
1

    
     
     
     
       
        
        
        

