 
       

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l
i .
i:
l

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   
 
 
 
       
     
   
   
      
     
    
      
      
     
      
       
     
     
     
           
   
        
     
   
 
    
 
  
     
   
 

  
   

. “A.

 

 

 

 

 

 

from archaeology...

You‘ve decided to study abroad. The next ques-
tion is where'.’

The summer programs are perhaps the most
divvrsificd and, because it is such a short study
period. these programs concentrate on a specific
interest are

Buffalo‘s Summer Field School in Mexico special
izes in urcliaroliigir-ul training. The program intro‘
tluces students to coastal aspects of West Mexican
[ire-history, reconnaissance. mapping, and excava-
tion. While the major emphasis is archaeological
technique and theory, the course also iiivolvus some
geology and biology.

l’or students with a year of Russian behind them,
New Paltz offers a unique type of travel-study
program in the USSR. There is a seminar cruise on
the Volga and v' s to major cities and historical
spots. All classes are taught by professional SoViet
teachers.

Oswego is planning a session in Tropical Biology at
the Marine Sciences Research Center at Discovery
Bay, Jamaica, W.l. Two weeks of formal lectures are
held at Oswego. Then the group heads for Jamaica
where they will explore the interior of the island
and study marine life at the Research Center. Each
student. will select. a topic to pursue iii-depth while
there.

If you prefer ancient theatre and drama to
biology, Oswego also offers a program in Athen

 

 

\
.\_.

‘A
“\ws‘ 

,,..,

I
,’/«/

V
//
,

 

 

 

 

 

 

Study Abroad...

by Kathy Eckerle

Broadcasting in England...African studies in Nigeria...tropical
biology in the West lndies....incient theatre and drama in Athens and
lstanbul... Indian civilization in Mysore.

This year, more than 15 programs are offered through a coopera-
tive SUNY system to students who want to study abroad but lack
the language requirement for most foreign country programs.

Schools across the nation are recognizing the important dimension
study aborad can bring to a student‘s academic career. The challenge
of an. unfamiliar way of life can never be captured through travel
alone. Living in a country, absorbing the culture of day-today life, is
the best way to fully understand and appreciate a different society.

This experience is no longer confined to the language major or the
financial elite. Each year more and better overseas programs are
available in English to the student who discovers them. Bringing the
American student to the foreign university has not been an easy

even

 
  
  

 

foreign schools

SU(‘ at

and Istanbul.

Want to do more than just get your feet wet?
Academic year programs give the student a chance
for advanced study. Most of these programs begin
during the summer months and the deadline dates
for applications are in March-April.

The American UniVersity of Beirut, Lebanon will
admit upper level undergraduates specialising in
Mid [Cris] sludies. ln ('UIljulH'tllHl with SUNYAB, the
American Univr-isity is trying to bridge the gap
between east and west by extending this first-hand
opportunity to study Arab culture.

Albany is sponsoring a year in Israel, 'I'Wo location
sites are available. Hebrew University and Tel Avrv
University. Hebrew empliasili-s Modern lsrael,
Jewish History and Language. while Tel Aviv has a
Liberal Arts curriculum.

lbadcn, Nigeria is opening its doors to qualified
Americans who want to study the problems of a
devloping nation iii a first-rate African llrtiiri‘rs'ily,
Students register for courses which continue. on an
advanced level, study undertaken at their home
campus.

A year-long program in Mysore, India (SUU
Buffalo) provides excellent preparation for those
interested in Indian society. Mysore is situated a
short distance from the rockhewn temples, sculp-
tures and carvings of early india and from the
modern city of Bangalore. One month trips are

’1
’/

,4..
%

 

process. The language barrier is on
do not operate on a ‘semester‘
system is incomprehensible to them.

The SUNY system has an a
because it can delegate responsibility for each pr
colleges. liacli SUNY school has its own core of overseas programs.
including those dcsigncd with no language pro-requisite.

Brockpoit. for instance, has a study program in
Dariisli professors who were

('operiliagerr. Denmark. They found the
s for American students

proficient enough to conduct special classc
rsity.SU(' at Buffalo's program in Mysore, India has
classes that include lridiaii students as well. Other programs are

\thltllt the [have

 

Want to learn a language? Start
at the breakfast table.

Eat coissunls in a Paris cafe or
liiu'uos iii the student caferteria
with your Spanish friends. Enjoy
a leisurely (lerman reprist of
Ilriil untl Kast' or giilp a quick
("up of i'upiir'l'iu before rushing
off to the Italian University.

SUNYA's Summer Lari-
gurige l’rograrris submerge the
students in the culture of the
host country. Classroom lessons
are alch and meaningful because
the students can go out into the
slreets of the city and use what
they ltiin‘ leai'iii'il.

Albany offers four Ioi'ritioii
sites this summer France,
Germany, ltrily and Spain.

A t t b e
Halriniancii, Spain's oldest and

Univ ersin iii

most lttlltiillh university. students
sit iii the same rooms where
(Iiiluinliui. gave lectures iiri his
discoVery of the New World.
Haluiniincu is a modern, liVely

city of 100,000 inhabitants

ly one problem to overcome. Most
basis and our grading

dvantage in meeting these demands
ogram to individual

 

 

 

which has carefully preservn-d ii-
appearance of earlier L'l‘ltlllrli‘s
It is rich in historical and arirsiii
monuments and has many Hit
tural activities during thi- Ntlltl
mcr.

Because of its long tradition .I
a university city, Stilltlllitlttd
caters to student iii-eds. ll i
frequently possible to obtain
room in a private home aim:
the student is accepted .iliriir >1
a member of the l'arnrli.

The Summer Language l'

grain in ltalv is conducted ,.i "

University of Urbiiio litmr
one of the fttlilllilh lirll iiip i ii -
perhaps is best known .i
ltlllllplill'l‘ iil the tum-r
ltziphai‘l liiii'uli-il \iilliiii I ‘i
hour of the Alltlrilti', it ||iltillli'
the best of botli world
mountains and the seashor-
Students Will l)I' liirlgi-rl ii.
beautiful new (ll)!|n|liil‘|i‘s tlI
igiied by the world famous .tll ii
itect, [)ecarto, who [I't‘l'llll\

i

won an international [)i'l/t'

 

 

PAGE SIX

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

TUESDAY l/tl

 

     
  

 

   
 
 

 

  

 

 

UARY 2'5, 1973

on-location study groups, like SUNYAB’s Summer Field School in

Mexico.

From archaeology to zoology, there is a program for everyone. For
those who want to get into a culture of a specific country, there are
language .ind civilization programs. Some programs are geared
towards the major, others towards the general Liberal Arts student.

Surprisingly, your term abroad will cost comparatively the same as
a semester at home. Eligibility stipulations differ with each program.
Most students are sophomores and juniors, though an occasional
senior will have his last 30 hour residency requirement waived to

study abroad,

Students are usually free to transfer into a study program at I
another SUNY branch. if the program is financially ‘sponsorcd' by ’-
SUNY, students remain registered with their home campus while I

they are away. If the program is a iiorisupported one, students just

know a foreign language

apply for a leave of absence.

Ralph Bcislcr. Assistant Dean of Student Ul’c, has noted an /
increaSC each year in the number of students that request leave of
absences to study lll 2i foreign country. As long as thc student's ‘ pi

advisor agrees, leaves are casrly granted. Though transcript credit is
only on a S-U level. students are \llll taking advantage of the foreign
study experience.

Many international Study tlllt'tl||l\ agree that lllL' student has
much more in gain from sltltl) .ll‘IIldtl than iusi a break from the
dull r'outiiic iil L'dltll‘im lite Students liiid themselves reevaluatirig
their attitudes and discarding iii.iii\ PlL’ci'tlct‘lVCtl llltlliilh about life
in other C(ItllllIIL'\. lire) develop .I lllHlL' \«»iilii\lic.iietl LUHLL‘ttlIUll ol

world-Wide piolilciiis .iiid \Illt‘lt mine funk .i lar iiioic LllllCL‘lllL'Ll.

tolerant and

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

his work.

Reims and Paris are the sites
for the French Summer Lan~
guagc Program. Students will fly
to Paris and their proceed to
lleims for the first four weeks of
the program, then return to Paris
for the remainder of their stay,

Located in the heart of the
t'liampagni- Country, lteiriis sl‘r
veil as the coronation site for
nearly all of the kings of France
l'artit'ipaiits Will be lodged iii llw
iii-wly completed university (for
initiirtl'h.

l'ﬂrls, of course, iit'i-ils “U i lilll
merit, In August, student». \Alll
have lllt‘ opportunity to explore
llh Wealth of zirlisllt' lrI-risuii-s
birth on conducted tours and on
lltl‘ll‘ own initiative. Students
Will have rooms in HIV stiideiil
While in

doriiiitorrer. or “firyers'
l’aris.

 

 

The Famous (lot-the Instituti-
hosts the German Summer Pro
gram. Established exclusrvr-ly for

  
 

(lL'tlltdlt‘tl iiiili\idii.il

. t
f ~ lfi‘ 1- ‘.
w l I
; ~ . , i. I
‘. A. "‘
r" “I
i 't
, I ,2, F"
: v'  l,
l

Summer l.an uage Programs

Y "AV ‘

,. >A
\\ A
‘VA
\ r
N
.t"
y .
.. \_

 

llllt'llSlVl' language instruction,
classroom enrollment is kept to
a minimum to primde maxnnuni
attention to each indivnliial.
This year students Will be in
llrilon and Al’nlh‘t'll. two small
towns in Westphalia lll'i’il' Kassi-l,
Wlitt‘l) still litishiwsl‘s the charm
of the liaiiuluv lll'fllttl,

(‘onrsiw .irv ltt'lll on beginner
llt :iil\.iiiii-il l1'\1‘l‘~_ wrlh [be ex-
ieplioii oi llir l"reiii'b program
l'iiilii‘ipaiils iii lll|.\ Ultt' iiiust
ll.i\‘l‘ .iii I‘lltll\.tll‘tl('\ iil tun \'I‘ill‘5

ni‘ltiiitl l’ii-rii'li iii UltlUr

ol high

In lll‘ 1'llt_'|llll‘ lltl llll’ pi‘iigrnrii
l'laxm lilitl llll lonr lli)lli\ .i
il.i\ lI‘.I 4|.i\_ .i urn-It l'liis

lt‘.|\1". .i good p..ii oi tilt‘ll day

vtllll llii- \\t"l\t’l|ll‘~ liw tor the
\llilll’lllh lll . «plum lltt iiiiiiiti'y
\Itlt' l‘lii- Illtltlldlll‘» .nr .ippiiix
|l|l.il|’l\ I: \\l'|'l\.‘- long More spi-
|'|ll| iiiloiiiialioii is .i\.iil.ilili' in
HS lll

Learn .i new language when-
you can use it Soon all that
pililii-riiig around you Will liegiiv

to make sense

  
  
 
   

 

 

 

...to zoology

planned to southern and northern liidia as part til
the program.

Some programs give an option of fall, spring or
a lull .Ii'.|(l|‘nllt' \ ear of study,

'I'lii» first semester of ()swvgo'sl’isa, llaly program
is tlt'\til(‘tl to /Iiiiniiriisiri tllltl [he Iti'nulssuni'c/
.-\ri liiiiwlogy, the second, to Modern llrtl)‘.
lh'ilt litTtt. This is one iif the programs that try to
housi- students Wlll‘. Italian families.

Italy IHl‘t' Buf), studean also choose
to ~peiiil abroad. This program is
Urll’ltlt‘tl towards llllllllfl \l‘l aiirl .-ll'l Htxltil‘)‘.

As iiii-iilioiii-d before, liroi'kporl has programs in
Copenhagen and Aarhus. Strictly liberal arts. the
Denmark programs include students from all over
the US. .is well :is SUNY. The two locations havv
different academic perspectives but both
to :is much

For h'iena.

which si-iiii-sti-r

eiilrrelj.
are tll‘\ltllil‘(l to expose the student
l)iriiisli iiilIiin' as possible. Here students choose
whether to lth' with a family or at a student
kollegluin.
Juniors and seniors can apply for Albany '5 Cuvrna-
vaca. Mexico program. Offered in both the fall and
the program is very independent # students

spring.
their own transportation and housing during

arrange
their stay in Mexico.

 
 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

g: I
[[7, /’ g ’
r/i‘.

,.

 

grapliics' julie niillmuli

London hosts air international llroudcasling semi-
t'all. In addition to regular lectures on
studies in world broadcasting, students
cts covering a branch

nar each
comparatin-
have independent study proje
of communrt'alions —— radio or television for exam-
ple.

Even the education student can find a study
program oVenieas. Didsbury College in Manchester.
England, one of the largest and more outstanding
r training institutions in the British isles. gives

li-aclie
a chance to compare English education and

studean
American. Courses range from art and design to
history or mathematics and are available in practical-
ly every stage of primary and secondary school
subiecLs.

Or wait until spring and dance an Irish jig in
Dublin. It’s all part of OsWego‘s lrisli Studies
program.

The newest course offered this spring takes place
in Brugcs, Belgium. Advortiscd for “students of
modern European history. political science, inter-
national relations and economics. this program
focuses on the Common Market and the process of
regional cooperation.

Wherever you go, the experiences of your semester
abroad will always be remembered.

photos: compliments of international studies-~sunya

of

 do»! ﬁxaftuﬁodpﬁbﬂ= p4“

‘,....

H; i.
.A.‘
-

.g.

»..

   

a»- ..

  
  

