arts {and leisure

February 2. 7'73

war-Unman of New York at Albany

.  0v , wmwas...“  a n V

' W. .._..,-,w:i.s

/7 5AY5, WHILE HAS BUDGET (W75 WIPE BEING- ANNOUNCED
72/5‘ PPES/thr WAS PEMX/Nﬁ' /N 7H5 BAHAMAS. .. I

Lef's Take If Slow

by Mitch Frost

Legalize Heroin ?

Should we legalize heroin'.’ According to
Chicago economist Milton Friedman we
should. The professor argues as follows
I-llerotn is a dangerous drug. With regular
use it can lead to addiction and oftert
causes death. These dangers. however,
affect the heroin user soley. l-lt is no! a
function of the government to protect
the citizen from himself. tvery American
has the right to do lrarnr to himself if he
so chooses. To pass laws prohibiting
citizens from doing things which cart hurt
them is to deprive them of their bastc
right to free choice. 3-Therefore, laws
which prevent Americans from choosing
to take lieroirt deprive the citizenry of a
right which, in a free society like oirts. is
theirs to exercise.

llut tsrr‘t lierorri responsible to a hith
extent for the tremendous upsurge in
crime which we are Witnessing today"
Yes. Marry heroin addicts. the poorer
ones. resort [0 petty crimes as a means of
supporting their expensive habit. lint.
argues l-rietlrriari. this is a separate l\\ltt'
and must not he rntrodtrtcd
debate over legalr/atron.

ltlltr lltt‘

l’cople corrrrrrit ctltltcs tor niany rca»
sorts. llral the acttvtltes oi rnany Llll/t‘lls
lead them to crime is not art argument tor
the crtrniriali/ation oi these activnres.
Many people go irito debt and their steal
in order to gut tlrerrtsclvcs out of hock.
Should we prohith people lroiir going
irtto debt lot tlial tL‘ltbtrtt'.‘ ('erlarnly not
We should prohibit people front stealing,
not from engaging iii activttics which lead
them to steal. So it is, argues l'riedrnrin.
wrih heroin,

In response. I would raise a number of
questions; l-lrisofar as licrotti is an addic-
tive drug. that is insofar as heroin addicts
shoot tip because they haVc a very real
physical need to, how valid is the
"choice" argument? l-With heroin now
going out of vogue and pushers being
turned in by the kids who once looked tip
to them, is this rrol thewrong‘tr‘me to talk
of legalization of a drug which even
Friedman agrees is a curse to its users’,‘
.M‘an't it be argued that heroin affects
more than only the user‘.’ That it affects
society in that it forms a “drug culture“
whtclr. from society's point of view, is
detrinrental to the whole of American
society‘.’ Perhaps legalization of heroin
wrll come to America. Bur M's lake n
slow.

Sex in Albany

lcafitig throuin the [truck-Newt I came
across a rather interesting article. "ls
Albany the 'sex capital' of New York
State’" the article begins. it seems so.
State Senator Karen S. llirrstcirr clarnis
llral the "primary role of Women in
Albany is for sexual rclcasc lot the rrrcri
who are tip there "
Wliy'.’ 1 Because, she claims. “so many ol
the legislators [arc] away lrorir hoiric."

It appears that on lltc personal level,
their, rrrarry Senators take a rallicr liberal
attitude toward prorrriscutty. I happen to
know that call girls can get very high rates
here at the capital and business is at its
peak during the legislative sessions. A
rather otld situation considering the “out-
rage” expressed by many senators a while
back over the “sititil” ("chetftre'd being
distributed llL'lL‘ at State. Perhaps the
legislature should get Its own house in
order before applying the brooiir to stu-
dents

 

PAGE EIGHT

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Thei'War Goes On

So the long awaited peace is finally here.

Or is it?

Is it really true that the most brutal and unpopular war H,
history is finally over? We think not. We have little reason to irrro RIC-him]
Nixon’s diligence in maintaining the terms of the settlement rctvnrlr signal

American

inParis.

Wc ktitrw front long and bitter experience that the llnrtol Siam
govcrrtrrrcrrt still has little intention of allowing Vietnam to tlt‘tr‘trtitttc it.
own future without our influence. 'l'his war has changed its all too rrrrrtlri.
lct us fact- the futurc that naively.

Pardon our cynicism. Forgive our skepticism. But the nrilttar. illlt» “r
haw rusltcd to the Thich dictatorship alottc assures future blood 'ml.(,..v
we reasonably expect the shrploads‘ of planes. bullets atrd born!» to go
unused. the cratcs uiiopcncd? A phase of the war has. itrdcctl. rr l rl ll,-
thc war itsclfcaiinot rcallt' crrd.

The
Kennedy to rrttcrvcrrc in

same machinery of government that led Nixon. lot - ..:.i
this war without Congressional app: .. m;
unchanged: America's international policy of irrilitary. ctorr - rial
political intcrvctrtion continues" in countries all over the world.
There is littlc reason to trust Nixon. Our trust will be dcnr ' Wales]
through our agitation, through our words. and through our tllll it: add
organizing. It is tip to us to seize the peace.

Evaluation Fine, But...

As the news story in this issue points out, the State Uiichruir. t \r'it
York is now replacing the indefinite terms of its college and mm
presidents. as well as the Chancellor. with five year ileUltlltliil‘ lx- "
fch years, these officials will be subject to evaluation by the unit"

Additionally, the five year appointments will allow for pi'iiw‘
lcavcs. enabling college presidents to gain fresh perspectives tclatr ‘
.rdrrrirustrativc and acadcrtric performance.

(.‘haritcllor Boyer and his administration, with the backing lrl '
of 'l‘rustccs dcschc credit for this latest policy clrangc. ' nil"
leadership a
SUNY. rrrtlurhrrg Empire State College,

“ltft'tiinc crlutatron "

rriitrrbcr of new, inrrovativc programs havc lit't‘ll l
specialilctl four star
and deferred admissions. All of tlit‘st' ]‘1"L" r‘
rapidly giving SliNY .1 Worldwide reputation as one of [ltt' irrou r'
urrivcr'stty systems in the world.

Wt' do. questions about ah r
“1an" “' 19"“ {If Who will thc presidents arid (.‘harrccllor‘ be at i ~ 9 ' t ‘l'
to? Who Will do the evaluating every five years? Will students plat it i "it
role on any of thc evaluative Lotrimittccs? ()r will they be lllw  '1‘“

other corrrrnittecs that work behind closed doors anddeposit thcn It] 't 7‘
lockcd files9

«.si

llt)\‘.'('\'t'r. liavc St'VLHll serious

lhe htstory ol stttdcrri input trito dccision making here at SUNY 'l ’
give us cause to bc oprnrrrstrt

parttttpattori. SUNY may be
tiorral methods and innovaiio

about future prospects lHI

arlrrt-vrirg a progressch reputation n

n, btit we still have a long way IiI r” -‘ '

there is tncaittngful sttltlcitt irifltrcrrrc on decision making.

News Editor
ann bunker

“(littit' iri ( lrrt'l
gary rictaarili
Advorltsrng l’rmt i. ':rili
tielrbit- l-.I"“'
sheila 'a livr ..
gttry ',tr',‘.rii.ir
('litts'ts‘ifii'rl .‘\ll \l- mi
tatlry ttttlri'l‘
(iritffili litlrlrn
itiitr ',Iilli'v

Advertising Manager

lirttla moltT
AMUCIttlt‘ News Editors

nrtirrly altrrtan
kallry er korte

Assistant Atlvvrtrsing Manager
Inrda (tresiiirriitt
Business Manager

()ff (Tarrttrus l'Irlitor
plril rriaik

bob rrrayt'r
'l‘l‘t'ltlllt'tll l'ldrtor

Assistant ()l'f l‘ainpus l'Iilrtor um um.“

liarry sclrwar l/

 

Associate 'l'r-t'ltrrrt‘al l'ldltorri
lr] tliall
harry weiriei
Photography Editors
ray rosenberg
davrd slawsky

Editorial Page Editor
uteriri vori nostril
Arts Editor
airrty pulley
Associate ArLs' Editor
bill birna
Sports Editor
bruce niaqgtrr
Associate Sports Editors é
kuri arduino
mike igoe

(lirculritroit Marrayrr
roo thlttl

Exehttngt- l'Itlrtor
tttaik ltlt olw .

I’review Editor "'“m “:20

leslio davts

ptttirius: 451-2190
Emm'lﬂl Doltcy ta determined by the Editorial Board,

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, l97"3

 

photograph by ray mnm
John McLaughlin

