 

 

 

State College Ne We

Eltnbllshed in 1916 by the Clan of 1918
‘ ‘ 2.,The Undergraduate NeWnpnper of New Yortr
" State College for Teachers

', , 'l‘l-lE NE\VS BOARD ‘ ‘
NII'M Mium........... . . . . ..........Elfitor-itt-Clim/
596 Morris Street, l‘elcl'llUIIE (FUN-LR , ,
 ...,.illtiiiiiyliiy fitftfitl‘
Elk S at ‘
Cniiuine E. BROUERICK. , . .ilrmcirile tummy”!
-‘3100 Sixth Avenue, Troy, t'l‘el‘epliune Troy bu
Aumv met-zits... ..Advrrh‘riiig illuimyrr
Flu Hall, 13] Sun I a venue, Telephone 6-6482
Intlllw A. HFlTZ.................-..Ffllﬂllt‘c Manager
20) North Lake Avenue, Telephone @5810 ~ '
Ultraliire Izdifur
3-7616

-.L.__'

 

    

 

y [Editor
11-

 
  

   

Auximnn Scaooit. .
ll” Central

Sum Auocmu Emruue:
. .lllsk

 

Avenue, 'l'eleph
Genevieve Winslow, Lilly helv
Zoi‘roits: Samuel S, llrausky,
wis. 'JJt ,lutto Associnz bni'roiis:
Levine, and lititli llrezee. Rut-ultra“:
llerntird Ker-bel, Chara Allan, Abbie Dineeii,
', llarriet llunn. "zaheti Go‘rdun, Alice
Moore. Margaret Service, llildl binitli, Laura

and l \Valteriu‘ire, sophomores.
Bummu Sm": hetty Kautter, '31, Cum: tturenher 32
Lloyd W. Jones. Jean Watkins, hlnry [Juherty, and lube
, . whoniores. Assis‘f’nnr [lustrous MANAGE": Frances
- ‘uer‘a‘n Helen Rohel, juniors.

' Published every Friday in the college year by the Editorial
llnerd representing the Student summation, bubseriptiuns, . .1
er year. single copies, ten cents. Delivered anywhere In the

nited Staten Entered HS second class matter at lluﬁlollice,

‘- ‘Albiiny,  Y.

The Vlws does not necessarily endorse Ieiilimeuta expressed

in Cﬂlllflbullﬂlll. No couiuninicatinus will be pinned unless the

-'-irriiers' names are left willi the- liditor-in-(Ehief 9 tie itus.

, Anonymity will be preserved if so desired. the hairs does not
guarantee to print any or all Ctlltlllttllilrﬂlluliit

Kramer:
Klniup. Katherine
Styn. Edith epper,

 

r:
n
:

Pllﬂ'tlll av MiLLs (\ltf l'urss, Jill-.196 llroarlway—Ilial 4-22h7
imbany, Nﬁ'. Jan—16, 193] Vol. X\', No. 15

lilil‘l'l‘ Side] Mill)

The coming of wiutcr and the subsequent lrtltflllb
of the ground has made even more apimi'cnt the dm
'graceful condition of sections of the \Vasbiiigt.
avenue campus.

The student body may now take the footprints t 
half the trespnssers who have crossed the turf. hitlt'l .
the freezing of thc ground has made casts of tbt-in

n It is too late this ycar to plant nt-w turf and imrl
prove the condition of the campus. but it is not too‘

late to make a small appropriation to err-ct somei

 

further dcfaceuirnt by lazy pttlc-xtriaus who would
ratiicr destroy the appearance of thc cIiiiiptis than
walk around tbc block on the sidewalk. ,
' l..'t.-3t year it fund of about Slilltltl was npcut tw
grade and bt't'tl the \\'cstcrn avenue Cilllllllln. Surely i
if this could llt' done, the small sum needed for thr‘
fence on \‘l'asbingtoii avcnuc should not long ht-
forthcoming. If the administration cannot bi'ovidr

"\ the money, the students should furniin it, either from,

the student association treasury or by popular sub»
scription.
COMMERCE CLUB LEADS

 The list of worthwhile

semester by the coinincrcc club has set an example for
Mother dcpartniental clubs to follow. During the term

speakers of note in fields of commercial interest have
 appeared under the club's auspices. Enjoyable social
events have been promoted. Noteworthy among them
was Clinton Reed. supervisor of commercial education in
5‘ New York state. Many of the programs were of iii-
terest to students who were not registered in the depart-
ment. t;

litanydcpantnicntal clubs have confined their activities
to an annual cake sale and one meeting each month to
.‘discuss profitles's abstracts. Presidents of other clubs
. will do well to cmulatc the work of the president of the
commerce club in her successful cﬁorts to have her club
promote better scholastic and social affairs.

 

activities sponsored llllh

 

i

i: w SCHOOLS AND FINANCE 
The state ,of North Carolina ha: a finance act which

‘. states that 'all Counties must protect their bank depositsl
'with sound securities, but one county was excmptcdi
from it by a hill paswd by the Legislature. 'l‘bat action
was described by Judgc ,lunius (j. Adams “as the most

if the World, civilized, or uncivilivcd." ,

of apathy. At any ratc it received a rude awakening;
when the public funds melted in the recent cr: \‘ca ‘
estate, wliicb llll‘ county considered “sound security"
; (’ltlt‘rt‘ﬂactl in value so much as to be almost Worthless.
5 ibis wunld seem to prove that those who were en-
trusted pith the care of these funds were unscrupulotn
,‘ in their judgment, It also appear.» that business inter t.
l became of vast importance to thc pivcrnmcnt otlicniis.
_/\s things turned out, ith‘lllt'i‘a and government did
‘ not mix successfully, large sums of money were ﬁltClll
 for work which was unnecessary or which totild have
} llt't'tl postponed. A ft'W st‘t'l‘llt‘tl to recognize the situa-
tion. but the majority were indifferent tllllli it was
too late to take action.
‘ Who is responsible for such condition? Why arc:
politics corrupt? lle the United Stntvs failed in licr'
i-dut'atioiial Hyslclil? linvc honor, truth, llllllt'wh, iiior
ality, and conncit'iicc liccii trampled to the ground? liavc
part-ins and schools winked and helped children "to
gt't by" when Iht' situation called for tliktipliii " "
situation i'itcd shown grim ignorance. The public wa~
uninformed. Knowlribrc and training are t’Ht-L‘llllitl if a
person or group of llt‘tstllh iltl iutclliinnitl)‘ in tiny tapa-
‘ city it naturally follow that knowlcilige and train—
ing for giivcrmiiciit nimnltl be it part of our educational
.‘il‘lL‘lIl. it is not lab to tl-r- youth of the toiuitry to
allow them to grow lip and ii‘vllllll‘ the lilitl'llt' of Mt
i“ ll liiu \tillnut ll llioruupli li‘ltl‘.',l4’ [U of ll't‘ llll'l' ipb-
of p ii'i'i'miii-ot and pn‘itit» lli' ini’o *lu Iv sh inll l. will
in I “ll"""~ illitl lltvl‘lll'll rlnwl w ii I i' ‘1' >-'w i-il‘,
ttu'irli may be abh- to h-wltlll" tbi: lt' p .n-ilidiiv f
,.

l'l ‘ ‘.l"l,'ltlllill lllftvl> \o iliil'l t.

 

 

ll'

F:

   

 

 

 

In" It"

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY,

 

young to learn to he a good citizen. True he may not
be able to understand the electoral system, but he can
learn that it is wrong to lie. to cheat, and to steal.
Honesty is the foundation of the whole structure of
eminent.
school the curriculum should include the study of govern-
ment and the practical application of 'tlie principle-v.
These principles should be practiced. with the proper
discipline for those who fail in carrying on the school
HUVCI’llllK‘lli llflllCSfl".

Throughout the elementary grades and

Slowly but surely, all through school the oncr

riple

 

underlying good

citizens will learn gilVL‘l‘lttllCtllmlllC fundamental prin-
liow government

government,

works, their responsibility as citizens, and the ev

'orrupt government.
be able to avert a disaster like the present one.

lBOOKS

Then and only then will ci

('Frmn Highland Outlook)

Tin-z
Six

l‘lAUNTETl llooxsnov
HISTORICAL Dumas;

gov-
high

nning

J!
O
....

if
tizctis

 

The six short dramas presented in this collection pre-
‘1‘!“ a delightful combination of literary and historical
values to the student. All of them are well suited for
production on the t'ollcge stage and any one of them
could llt.’ utilized by the English teacher in a high school
iln part of :1 student program.

The first play, which gives the volume its title,
it is a story of old Japan anti its
plot centers around Ko-Hana, the beautiful courtesan,
and her spirit husband of the maple tree who steals her
away front the governor of the district.

lx'liy

l

The Maple“: Bride mid Other One Ar! Plays.
Richard G. Badger Co. Boston.

iicttc

143 pages.

The Maplc's Bride.

(For Sale in the Co-op)

Scudder.
$2.00.

Antoi-

JANUARY 16. 1931

Scientific study of very small
babies to forecast their future
actions by means of pliuttigrapliu'
records in the lattist stop taken by
the ('Iinic of t'bild llcVelopnit-nt.
Arnold (lest-ll, director. declari-il.

Beginningr at, the age of two
months, babies are placed 'cacb
iiiniith at stated intervals in a
photographic room where they can-
uot see observers or the motion
picture cameras. Little red cubes,
strings, balls, and bells are given
them. Mr. (iesell reorts that the
studies at Yale university show that
individual differences in capaeity,

DR. itf. G. NELSON
WILL DIRECT 1931
SUMMER SESSION

Dr. Milton G. Nclsnu, professor of
education, will direct the State col—
lege summer session for 1931, The
session will begin on June 2‘) this
year and will Close on August 8, Dr.
Nelson said.

Plans arc being made this year to
increase the scope of subject matter,

 

Thomas the

iiu-r. based on the old English lcgcudary poem. re-

bet ween

l’i‘iiicc l’ciitanr is a story of tlic

itcs the story of 'l‘boiuas, his return from the realm of
‘tlic fairies after seven years, and his sul'isetiucnt forced
return to it,
l’haraob lx’aniscs lll and his son who b.
.‘in tin-:uccuslul revolution against him.

st‘t'nc
’tN lt'tl

:\ll of the plays are unusually imaginative and bold

n‘
libr

'lln' lliiiinh'if lino/tarball.

«inc-'4 llllL‘l‘Crif, tlirotiglniut.

The volume makes an at-

lltL' and valuable addition to any student or teacher's

 

and

(For .S'ult' in “IN (in-op;

Dunlap. New York, 28‘} pages, Sltltl.

t'hrixti'tphcr Morley. tiroswt

The author of l’zirnasaus on \VllL'L'lri has skillfully
, I _ \\'ll\'l‘|l flll intcrt'dmu inyxtcrv iil hllinttn iiitt‘rcxt \t‘itli
kind of fence or burnt!” to P101011 ill“ lilw” “"ll‘ionc oi the ﬁllt'sl luqu li~t~ cvcr compiled bctwvcn the

loci-rs of a firtnni'il vivlumc.
‘i'itci‘c~.t, for there is the story of linger Mitllin and}
heirev-apprentice ’l‘iirinia '
h \i: with Aubrey illlllt'l'l.
ii ll‘ftlL’ [ll'tJllllllt‘llllj.' in the nltll

l!l<

 

   

plot

Morley
cla sic literature of many periods with interesting coin-
lllt‘Hlx about *ach made through the iiicdiunt oi the book-

‘ cllci',

Roger

The pagu hold a

t'hapiiiziii

 
 

to ilSHthllillt' l‘rcsidcnt \\'il.\t>n on the \

has included from tiinc to time the ti

.\litlliu,

\iho falls i
wrong advertising man
.\n iutcrtwliug posh

tliillllltf‘

l

var to

c pczite L'Ullft‘l'tilit‘ i~ foiled throuub tlic \vntt‘lifnlncs’s

l licroisiii of the two young people. in addition, Mr.

tic oi

It I: a pleasure to iiicandcr

through the Sitttikc-llttlt'it passages of the book shop in
search of rare and interesting old books. It can be done
through the reading of this interesting tale of love and
literature.

(For Sale in the Cheap)

Tom Sawyer. Mark Twain. Gross-cl and Dunlap New

ll ork. 291 pages.

$5.75.

Everyone should occasionally turn to the old stories
that held interest in childhood and for this purpose no
ﬁtter story can be obtained than the adventures of Tom
Sawyer. '
pranks on the old fashioned village nehoohnastcr and in
turn receive strenuous applications (it the ft‘rlllL‘.
falls in low: with the little daughter of the village judge
with all the fervor of adolescence, becomes the hero in
a murder case and finally becomes wealthy through the
rediscovery of moiicy buried by bandits.

it is altogether a desirable story to read and brings
iack adventures and ventures of childhood in the iii-
imitablc way of Twain’s that none can duplicate.

Tom and Huck Finn ‘Iin in playing

many

'l'om

 

THE STATESMAN

 

The recent cold wavc has hccn llllt'llht’ly felt by lllt"
, , . jwltiilcntx’, especially the sorority girls who must brave
iittipid procedure eier carried on in any toiiiniuniiy inle mm “Wm in nu. dummurm' my] M W“ “mm,wa
i p. . . -. . I ,. _. a. . W know, lllli requires more than bedclotbcs, It 1‘:
crimp.» llllb toniniuuity \uis thllllL‘Ll, but in it rat-twin” cur-“rising to observe a cored donned in her fur coat,
mitten»; :iiul woolen stockings when hilt! is about to retire, i w. l
\urb a procedure is not so impractical when we con~l H
side-r that the tltlt‘lllllllrlcS are not heated, and the Will-l
tlUW glass, Ul course, has long since llt't‘ll removed. tllbcrl

llv RAY Cm.” N s

not at

sororities are also t‘xpcrit‘ni‘lllll difficulties with their
beating hystctth which seem to balk when they are most

their undivided illlt'lllllill iii ordcr to t‘t'iillll a comforttihlc‘

 

The girls have. been forced to give the furnaccsl

temperature.

in hint week's lhbltt‘ two irry important
otln’ially annotiiicvil; that of Miss tornclizi
' '.it), to Mr, truiirge Hastings and that of

 

Ii::iii fiillcspy.
:ittcr llits bccn illllltillltlL'tl by lllt'll" runny college friends, "1”" "i l)"“'ll‘Y l“ R”‘“~"l'3”“'l'y '33.

'31. to lltll‘ittc llurtoii Myers, '.il.

cngiigcmcntsl

\ an
MW
'l'lic

for it long time, and it h bllltt‘l'L'l)’ hoped that nothing
nill lllhll‘llt'l the ttilll|llt‘llllll and the iiitttcrialiintioii of

this inmt vital sit-p.
mty pin on llit' tent of Mr. Myers \t‘t’lllt‘tl to iiiiliiratel

that

llic

’l'lit- ‘-lltllll'll fl|)]ll’«'ll’illl(t' of a

rniiiznuc bad t'llllt‘ll, but nib-it‘iiiit-ntly

frater-

upon

clottin olncrviiig the hand of Miss tiilb-«pv. it was iiuilr
nlivioiH that tbt') bad lain-ii the most logical \trp,

'l‘litf present llllt't' for ~tibxiiiptioiia to the rcsiilcncci
li:ill llllltl litis but-n t'llillll‘ilt’thlttilllv lllt‘l by lb.
and it in ln-hcvc-l that the pIi-dpc lard» will noun be

 

E,(‘Illtrl'\

ictiuncd with all lilt‘ tonlidi-iiic and pond llllt'lllltllh of

outi-ntinl tc til urx ill or:

ll ti

'i-n

i rvi' rltlc.

tom,
i,.,.

n’

in fullill tlii» [llt‘t

hp), :i

of tllll]*1', rini,t fir-At l‘c tllil ii n'l, \vln"ln'r it lt'

' l .niutlv l'

, iritivic l i.|‘\‘t‘l', tlt'
i- vi-iy Ilillllllvll‘

and with "n

(tills

:ittnu h- till ‘(

and special group courses in ednc’
tioual guidance will he amt-1g the
additions. courses will be o.lt”€tl in
ltlltllllli'l‘t't‘, economics, education, ling-
,lisli, French, government, history. and
iiuitbcmatics,

l t'ourscs will be designed primarily
ifnr gradiiatc students and for t‘iutltﬂb
;nt‘lltlt|l graduates who are working for,
ydcgrcc‘e. Undergraduate students \t'lll}

 

 

taint. IIC ailiiiittcil to t‘lilnwcs. l
i This vcar \\lll be the second int
succc that will sec llr. Nt-lsoiif
‘as director. 1

l  — i

7innsnn i

 

[ir’ At. Stiioott ,
'l'ln- y ii‘liiigs \vil! not ~.wiug into:
action again until lilt' wimwtt-i‘ t'X
animations have lillxt'll place. 'l‘hc)
will then go into action :igaiint tho,
Mechanicsvillc high school on tlu
,liomc gym, the Saturday of tlii‘
.scciuid t‘Xttllt \\'t'ck, 1

 

l It will certainly be nice to once
1again meet the old grads who no;
:doubt will be present in large num-l
bers tomorrow night to see thei
Alumni game. Friendships will be:
renewed and common experiences
lived over again. We heartily wel-
come back the old grads and antici-
pate with great delight tomorrow's
event.

, lutra-itiural sports will get under
[way ironicdiately after mid years.

to bite ' tournament is
schcdulcd to rt the first Wed-
nesday after the exams and games
will be played on Mondays and
Wednesdays iii the old gym in
llawlcy hall.

...,
,.

 

The present senior class annexed
tho inter-class championship last
year, after a play—off with the
armhomo're team, both having tied
in Victories at the completion of the
-regulzir schedule of games.

 

'l'he varsity ht'rilllllliIHCll against
itbc l’olish A. (j. five Monday night
Im the l'ngc ball gym to polish off
,tbcir play and gct ready for tlu- two
itcsts this \vcck.

Library Diiploye West
t Etchings During Week

.\n t'yliibition of etching» of Levon

;’l‘rnvcr tlltl

‘ihcat?

Child Development Clinic Makes Stndy
Of Babies To Forecast Future Actions

emotional characteristics, person
ality traits, and hotly types d iri-
tlit'iiisefvcs t-arlv. ’l‘hi'sc differ
cuties. the itiv' tttors declare, arr
comparable to those observed lilft'l
‘ life.

Members of the education dr-
partuiuiit believe that these t'xpt-ri
incuts are indicative of the new
trend toward studying L‘hilili'cn with
view to determining cariy lllt'lf
characteristics and tendencies. 'l‘ln-y
believe that these early experiment:
will prove of great value in direct
hit; the fixture activity of thi: child
both mentally and physically.

 

I
2—:

 

_\iillfl;'tl

generation is nobly upboldinu it
dramatics reputation of llit' i..i.,i .-
’l‘uc;dny night the

matic class did some ratbcr toinm

i‘lt'nu‘nt ll't .lv

ablc work. if we may ~I|t' 

 

instance, we \‘t'l'il) lulli‘\t'
scream in Mildred Quill! lug
will haunt us for the l‘c~l HI up: i
every time we pa» :i L‘lit\ti.

a llllttitllt'~.~i night or rvtd oi r
from iii-:inc :i~_\luni~, 'Iln- i
was not an i‘vl'lrlll'tl llllilllt"‘l Hi i
fence in hllw'x (,‘liiiclt‘w lit‘l‘liiiw
however. Slit: workch up to l‘r
merit of tlltllil’x ni-mt ~l.|ll|til4‘.
held the :iiirhcmi- rvrnatiltaplt i'i
out, \\lll:lllL'r \bc \p rltc or we r
and \\l‘.t'\l‘i\'l‘ lwr -pccili \‘..l t- . z
lttllmrlillllt‘ or oi littlc wit u m

in lllh ‘nilllt‘ pl’i} John I.
tlltl llh law! with .i l'ltlt‘ it.“
to his p'ii'titiilai' :tlnlitj. if:
wow :i tlL'flflllt‘ impir
r, llil‘wllliitillltl,
l\:l'llt‘ \\it\ n vl. ‘
tlic lllllllﬂt't' .i iilllt‘ in' l‘
at L‘iht'. Ilc (litl not I“
older man, :iltiiouu'i t
p imp tunic.“ tun nrlt ll rt.‘
c\ll‘t‘liii:ly \\tll
kindly .\lr.~.. himlvt-igr‘r. ,n,‘
picritc lliitliziiiaii i», to ltt‘ iiitlli.l
strongly for her work. 'l'ln .
l phcrc was lttllllll'itltly siiigizi -
Couldn't you jthl tccl tbc opiJr- .v
("l'littt's the I't"illll oi im
directing.) The nctting dioxin-d .m.
ity and ingenuity on the part ml i‘
technical staff We were so rulntu‘
\vhcu wt: discovered that tllt' ianlmr.
of the porch was strong «trough it,
support the weight of the pi-oplr ubw
grasped it.

Marcia tioltl did the but dialot
job otir stage has had in limit} ,t
day. She could hpt't‘tl up, or ~lmt
down. and be niono'tyllabir- m lJitl
all the time she was on the ~t.ig<v do
was cockucy. She i"ict‘tcd a gran
deal of charm and appeal llllii [in
part of Violet. lx'av t’ollinx‘ .ttttlil
was not Ml tlcpend'iblc, but otlici'uw
his performance w ' most minim niv
.\ good team, this 'lllt' illlt‘i'-|)l;t_\ oi
reaction showed feeling for the mic-
(plus more influence of good dun:
inﬁll When it come: to the fur
folk. wc become quite cmiatir 'l'ht-
charming opening of the play h unnu-
thin}: to rctticinbcr l\';iik Moot?
you'll iiiilicc. is sustaining Ibr- tutti
ablc illipl't‘nliill gi\cn by lli'l' twir-
iii an earlier play. She was so tlllt ili
natural, and act-med to m tnpni'i‘
licrsclf so hugely, and witbal llt't'lt‘il
ing iioiic of Ihc more tlt'lllillt‘ illldllll
of tlic prirl, that it was >1 ccr Joy ti

    

.,t- r

   

  

   

 

is now on '

display in ll'lt‘
llarmaiiua lilccc'er Library.

  

\vork c‘Xlllllllt‘tl.
llc 1% a pupil of Joseph l’cniicll,

l.;i-.t year hlhh I'Zuiiitc l‘crmc, in»
‘\llll\ tor in illlt: arts. became ill"
‘iiiiaiiitt'il with him whilc on a lri

. . i p
’lti‘l‘dll'ttilt' and spcnits highly of his
ability as an cti icr.

IS ENGAGED

Alpha li'lio :iiiiiouni'm lllt' engagt"

to William l'illrot, of Albany.

 

 

V
Calendar
l Today
i ii iii A M, Sindcnt ilﬁnctllllly
l Autlitornuii, l’agc hall.
r Tomorrow
li'lfi l‘._M, iaslwtball gaini-
Aluliiiii ya. .‘itdtt' ('ollrgt-

fiylllllit‘rllllil, l’agv hall,
Monrl'ij/

‘l’l’lA M, l-waiiiinmtioiis br

"ll

I Mr. > watch her.
L'Nl has etched and pi‘mtt'il all tlit-i

llctty litirtltlll, the nth
spritc, did her licwt wiii‘lt Ill lllt‘ mull
mltl iiioiiiciih Ul licr tllilriltlt‘l' Slit
ilIiIN tlic llt'(C\~lll') spirit of \tll‘llhl
i'tility lot stub a pan, but hcr molt
\vc lliiiik. in soiiu‘tiiiu'w in put tll'llt
feeling into llic rolt' lllitll it will -ll
,taiu. flnc of her Krl'dlt'r cmillrniiw
‘ii in the matter of facial t.\|lrt'txlilll.
in Wilfl'll rt'hllct'l her fl‘iltlllillw air
quite cxtiuisitc.
l .-\n almost bare slilgt‘ was .'t and,
ling feature of this play. ’l‘lu- ‘ulll'li
lamp Wi‘?‘ .t most ingeniou-t dune, \tl‘
thought, (Hill we have u-ard Il‘.tli\
favorabli: t‘oimiit-iits about it hill,”
and you about the cannula

lit the first play, Nile t'lrmrn. nun
ply railintcd tln- tltlll'lll :iuil nativity

 

111"“ i‘l'ltt‘oprizitt- to Mr~ \‘thlll lltl
iftllllll: l'~ [H‘l'llllltlly .nlaptiul ti lli out
Ni ii \wll lll't'tl \tuiiiin 'l in- oil it

ltt'vtlllf' rciiidiut'ii tlt'ftll‘lt'lV ,iilnmb'i t“.
\vlnili wi. of tlill|\t' .l ll bi llti hm
llt‘lll 'l'ln- ||l<"t nit" ("\ltilt'lll ii A
ll'lll, lnit llm‘t‘ '0.le l‘lllvlt diu'
l.‘\littll'l'l lint ll llll'i‘lt l‘, \'i -lit l’ it t‘ll
fvl l .i ll‘ lit 1! ml in" 'lii w ii' -iii
i, l t llillli'r r
*‘ ill i- in izil'i in t' t' i t

’ t‘ - i ll of i i

 

r-vI'i- ‘t‘v ‘n

 

