 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. MARCH 6. 1931

hp we spend $2,000,000
0 put CAME]. cigarettes
in the new HUMIDOR PACK

W1 have" been in the tobacco business a long
time down here at Winston-Salem and we take
a lot of pride in the quality of the cigarettes we
make.

While we have spent a good many million
dollars advertising Camels, we’ve always held
to the old fashioned idea that the thing that
really counts is what we put in to our cigarette
and not what we say about it.

If we know anything about tobacco, and we
think we do, Camels con tain the choicest Turk-
ish and the mellowest, ripest domestic leaves
that money can buy.

In fact we have every reason to be proud of
the quality of Camels as they come from the
factory, but the remark of an old friend of ours
from Denver some time ago emphasized a point
that has been the problem of the cigarette
industry for years.

As he inhaled the smoke from a Camel we
gave him in our ollices one morning, he sighed
with very evident enjoyment and then asked
jokingly, “What is this, a special blend re-
served for Camel executives?”

“Certainly not,” we told him. “This package
of Camels was bought at the corner store this
morning.”

“Well,” he said, “I’ve been a dyed in the wool
Camel smoker for a good many years, but upon
my soul I never got a cigarette as good as this in
Denver. If you would give the rest of the world
the kind of Camels you sell here in Winston-
Salem, you ought to have all the cigarette busi-
ness there is."

'IlIAT statement simply em-
phasized again the cigarette
industry’s most important
problem. The more we
thought about it, the surcr
we were that he was dead
right, and that somehow,
something must be done.

Denver wasn’t gel ting a fair
break. Neither in fact was
any other town. The only peo-
ple who really knew how good
(Lamels (-ould be,wcre t he folks
right here in Winston-Salem.

'l‘hal was due to a factor no
eigarrlle manufacturer had
ever been able lo control.

Natural" here is no diller—
euce who ver iu the quality

SMOKE A FRESH
CIGARETTE

 

of the tobacco in Camels, whether you buy
them in Winston-Salem, Denver or Timbuc-
too. But up to now [here has been a very real
difference in the condition of the cigarettes by
the time they reached the smoker.

The ﬂavor and mildness of ﬁne tobacco
depend upon the retention of its natural, not
added, moisture content which is prime at
about ten per cent.

In spite of our great pains always to make
sure Camels left the factory with just the right
amountof natural moisture, no cigarette pack-
age had ever yet been designed that could pre-
vent that precious moisture from drying out.

rIllERE are three things about a cigarette that

can sting the tongue and unkiudly burn the

throat.

(1) Cheap tobacco».

(2) Particles of peppery dust left in the
tobacco because of incﬂieicnt clean-
ing methods.

(3) A parched dry condition of the to-
bacco (Inc to loss of natural moisture
by overheating or evaporation.

Always certain of the quality of our tobaccos
we had already made Camel a “dustless” eig-
arette by the use ofa specially designed vacuum
cleaning apparatus exclusive with our factory.

Now, if we could perfect a package that would
actually act as a humidor and retain the natu-
ral moisture content, then Yuma, Arizona,
could enjoy Camels as much as we do here at
Winston-Salem.

We knew what we wanted.
We tried many things. “'0
asked the Pittsburgh Testing
Laboratory to help us.

Aftermanycxpcrimentsand
humidity tests covering all
methods of packing cigarettes
came the detailed report of
which this is the net:

(/1) No existing cigarette pm'k-
age, including those wrllppoll
in glussiuc paper or ordinary
celloplmnc,givesanything like
adequate protection against
evaporation].

(B) All cigarettes so purhwl
tend to dry out rapidly from
the day they are released from
the fuelory.

(1:) Only a waterproof mqu-
rial with a specially devised

air-tight seal could give the desired protection.
(D) This measure, while costly, could be relied
on to keep Camels in prime condition for at
least three months in any climate.

If you have a technical bent, the graph below
made by the Pittsburgh Testing Laboratory
will show you the exact results of their ex-
haustive study.

Unwrapped I‘ukigc
Glussine Wrapped linkage
Regular Cellophane
Wrapped Package

Cur-d Humidor Rick
Moim're limo] Cella-
plune—Stalezl Air Tish!

 

Pittsburgh Testing Laboratory chart above graphically
shows you that only the Cnnwl Humidor I'uch delivers
cigarettes to you in prime condition

YOU may be sure we gave this report a lot of
careful study. We checked it and rc~ehccked it
and then we went ahead. We tried this device
and that. At last we met success. The air-tight
wrapping involved the designing of special
processes, special machines.

That costs a lot of money, more than $2,000,-
000 the ﬁrst year, but afler you have tried
Camels parked this moder new way we are
sure you will agree it is a line investnmnt.

For some lime now every Calm-l [but has left.
our factory has gone out in this new Humidor
Puck.

We have said nolhing about it. unlil now, to
make sure your dealer would be able to supply
you when the good news cmne out.

(Jami-I mnolwrs of course have already dis-
covered that their favoriti- cigarette is better
and milder now llum over before.

if you aren‘t a (tunnel smoker, try them just
to sm- whal a dill'l-ri-nco there really is between
harsh, dried out tobacco and a properly eon-
ditioncd cigarette.

You ranfm-I llu' diﬂ'vrnm-c, you can hour [In-
dijft'rcm'c and you eorlaiuly can. taste the dif-
foreman

0f vonrsl' we‘re prejudiced.

Wi- always Imrv believed that Camel is the
world‘s lu'al rignrolle.

[low we lmouY it.

Just lrcnl yourself lo (Iuntols in lho new
Humidor l'lll'lt and see il’you don’t agree.

ll. .I. H In N0 LIDH TO” H il :0 COMPANY
ll'iualuu-b‘ulcm. N. C.

 

 

