 

 

 

 

PAGE 0

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1956

 

News Views:

Russian Troops Silence
Hungary’s Freedom Bid

By JOHN YAGER

The brave people of Hungary have been defeated
in their present bid for freedom. Two weeks ago, they
started an armed revolt for independence which at
ﬁrst was quite successful. The Hungarians ousted
their governmental ofﬁcials and installed Imre Nagy
as Premier. Hungary for the ﬁrst time in over a
decade had come alive. The streets of Budapest were
crowded with jubilant Hungarians. The jubilation
lasted only twelve days.

Russia did not intend to let the people of Hungary
remain free. Early one morning, Russian troops and
tanks swarmed over the country. The valiant peo-
ple of Hungary resisted their enemy, but to no avail.
There was ﬁerce ﬁghting, but ﬁnally the patriots
succumbed to the Russian power. The only active
resistance against Russian arms is on Csepel Island
in the Danube. There, three thousand workers are
still holding out against Soviet oppressors.

The Soviet military might installed Janos Kadar
as Premier. Ex-Premier Nagy took refuge in the
Yugoslav Embassy. Reports from Hungary have indi-
cated that Nagy will not cooperate with the new
government. Without his cooperation, the Kadar
government is going to have a difﬁcult time trying
to retain order.

Although the Hungarians have lost this bid for
freedom, they haven't lost the will to ﬁght back.
They have now turned to a different weapon—the
general strike. Thousands of Hungarians have re—
fused to return to their jobs. As a result of this ac-
tion, the transportation system has been crippled and
industries have closed down.

Refugees from Hungary have estimated that over
12,000 persons were killed in Budapest alone. There
is no estimate on the number of wounded. Reports of
atrocities are increasing.

Although the people of Hungary still hate the
Russians. there has been a marked change in their
opinion of the Western nations. The Hungarians feel
that the Western nations let them down. They are
grateful for the food and medical supplies, but won-
der what happened to the guns and ammunition.
They feel that they could have won their ﬁght for
freedom with a little material help from the West.
This help was not forthcoming. It is interesting to
note the content of one of the last messages trans-
mitted by a Hungarian patriot. It said, “Your moral
support is encouraging. but please send us help."

The Hungarian people will continue to ﬁght for
freedom. They will have a long and hard struggle
before they can obtain that freedom. Can they do
it alone?

6%

 

Queen eancliclal'ed

Appearing above are this year’s Campus Queen Candidates. They are. from left to
right, Trudy Stemmer, Margaret Smith, Betty Van Vlack. Barbara Hungerford and Marcia
Lawrence. Campus Queen will be elected today by Student Association by absentee ballot;
the Queen will be crowned Saturday night.

Directory Editor Pests
Distribution Schedule

The new Student Directory will
be distributed today, Monday, and
Tuesday in lower Husted Hall from
9 am. to 3 p.m., announces editor
Clarice Coleman ’57.

The Student Directory lists the
name, and home and school address-

es of all State College students. This
year is the earliest release date. In
former years the Student Directory
was released in December. It is
published annually.

Social Fraternities Issue Bids
For Transfers, Upperclossmen

Ii‘iter—Fratcrnity Council bids will be released to
upperclassmcn and transfer students Monday from 9
am. to l p.m., states Alan Hutchinson ‘57, President
of Inter-Fraternity Council.

To be eligible for a bid, thc uppcrclassinan or trans-
fer must have attended this collcge for at least one
semester. The men receiving the bids will be noti—
ﬁed where to pick them up by student mail. The bids
must be secured between 9 am. and 1 pm Monday
and returned between 9 am. and 1 pm. Tuesday.
Fraternity bids are issued to upperclassmen and
transfers only once each semester.

Dean Releases
Vacation Notice

Oscar E. Lanford, Dean of the
College, has released the following
regulations concerning class at-
tendance before and after the
Thanksgiving holidays.

Thanksgiving recess begins at
11:50 am, Wednesday, November
21. Classes will be resumed at 8
am. on Monday, November 26. All
students are required to attend
classes Wednesday and Monday with
the exception of only those noted
below:

Students on the Dean's List for
the preceding semester, Graduate
Students with a 3.5 average for the
preceding semester, and all other
students who are excused by the
Dean‘s Office or by the Student
Personnel office before the date of
absence.

Kappa Mu Fraternity
To lnitiate Members

Kappa Mu, the national mathe-
matics honorary fraternity, will hold
a meeting Tuesday at 8 pm. in
Brubacher, announces Vice-Presi-
dent Doris Vradenburg '57. New
members will be initiated at this
time. Profesor Jones of Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute will speak on
the topic, “Operations Research.”

Kappa Mu was established at
State in 1956. Membership is open
to Juniors and Seniors who have
an overall average of 2.5 and a math
average of 3.0. The course in Integ-
ral Calculus must be completed.

Ganaacatim . . .

IConlinued from Page 1, Column 5'
'60 is directing makeup. Joyce Mey-
crmun ‘58 is thc head of the cos-
tume department. Jack Anderson
'60 and Michael Saltzman '59 are
responsible for lighting techniques.
Paul Regan '60 will make his
apology to Student Association for
breaking State traditions three
times.

 

 wins honors on flavor!

 
 

 
  

Switch to WINSTON America’s best-selling, best-Mg filter cigarette!

WINSTON
ITASTES GOOD!

I Here’s a cigarette you and your date will
both go for! You’ll like the rich, full taste
you get from a Winston. You’ll like the way

     

    

LIKE A
CIGARETTE
SHOULD!

   
 
 
  
 

the flavor comes through, too, because the
cxolusivc Winston filter does its .job so
well. For lllltfl' filter smoking— got Winston!

with

Matt W3

   

WINSTON I

  
  

 
  
   
 

H J "trumps
iuunciui ,_

WlliblUH-DALLM, ll C.

 

Co—Chairmen of All-State Night, Frank Swiskey (left) and Mary
Shelton and John Stefano, Chairman of Campus Day. discuss the week
end‘s events.

Square Dance Highlights
All State Night Program

All State Night activities begin
tonight at 8 pm. in the Brubacher
Hall dining room, according to Mary
Shelton and Frank Swiskey, Jun—
iors. The annual event, which has
for its aim the promotion of a bet-
ter feeling of good will between
members of the faculty and stu—
dents, will feature a square dance
and entertainment by members of
the student body.

Square Dancing

"Les Young and His Country Gen-
tlemen" will play for square danc-
ing tonight from 8 pm. to mid-
night. All freshman women attend-
ing the dance will have 12:30 am.
hours. Chaperones are: Violet Lar-
ncy, Associate Professor of Mathe-
matics, and Mr. Larney, and Wil-
lard Skidmorc, Professor of Modern
Languages, and Mrs. Skidinore.

Students Entertain

All State Night Committee chair—
men arc: Faculty Advisory Commit-
tee, Doctor Skidmore; Joan Sivinski,
Assistant Professor of Commerce;
William Dumbleton, Assistant Pro-
fessor of English.

Students directing committees are:
Entertainment, Joy Cafaro, Richard
Bartholomew; Publicity, Patricia
Gearing"; Band, Ruth Larson; Re-
freshments. Judith Swan, Juniors;
Clean-up. James Owen ‘59.

eawmliand
ﬂgemia

Freshman Aipology.

Annou. cements.

Dramatics and Art Affiliates
presentation of "A Game of
Chess,” with student cast. The
story of Russian life under the
Czarist regime.

  
   

St to Colleg

 
 
 
  

\\
i"I
w‘
"Imam-n

l”

*a ‘ I“
an, m
arm/mu"

News

 

 

Z-46] ALBANY.

NEW YORK. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER

16. 1956

VOL. XLI NC. ~22

Campus Day Events Terminate
\With Rivalry Cup Presentation

Riialry between the Sophomores
and the freshmen will terminate
with the annual Campus Day ac-
tivities to be held tomorrow. There
will be ﬁeld and track events at
10 am on dorm field. and the
presentation of class skits and the
rivalry cup at 7:30 pin. in Page
Hall, states John Stefano '58, Chair-
man of Campus Day activities.

The athletic events included in
the morning's activities are the
three-legged race, old clothes race,
tug-o'—war, softball throw for dis—
tance, 50-yard dash, standing broad
jump, and the sack race for women.

The activities for the men are the
football throw, tug—o'—war, running
broad jump, high jump, 100 yard
dash, 440 yard relay race. and whecl
barrow race. If the weather is not
fair, all events will be held in Page
Gym. After beating the freshmen
in last week's pushball game, the
Sophomore Class lead by a score
of 18 to 6. The track and field
events. the women's and the men's
are worth two points each, and the
skit is worth three points.

At the beginning of the evening’s
events at 7:30 p.111. in Page Audi-
torium, this year's Campus Queen
will be crowned. Last year‘s Queen,
Theresa Barber, will be on hand to
crown the 1956 Queen. All students
may vote today from 9 am. to 4

 

 

 

 

 

During the intermission of the
dance, members of State's student

body will present a program of en-   

tcrtainment for those in attendance.

Joseph Flynn ‘58 will serve as Mas-     

tor of Ceremonies. Rci‘rcshmcnts

will bc scrvcd.

Thc cntcriiiinmenl program will
fciiturc “Thi- Co-cds," composcd of Students in
Elizabcth Batliilato, Mary Bradley,
Janice Gariitt, Marion chnc, Sylvia
Halt-ck, Juniors; Robert Helwig '60;
Barbara Hungci'ford '57 and Alan
Wcincr, Grudiiiiic studcnt.

Fire Destroys Structure
On Future Dormitory Site

Firc 'I‘ucsdily lil‘,‘llt ('llllhl‘tl hcavy diiinugc lo a lor-
mcr Siiitc ('iilll‘itt‘ womcn's dormitory, Collcgi- llousc,
iii 22in Wi-slcrn A\l‘llllt‘ 'lhc \.ic:ilcd budding was
(illt‘ o1 six ‘-ll'lli'llll‘.'» soon to bc rnzcd in ordci' to
innkc room for u lll‘\\ tloi'iniloi'y

'l'hc blu/- \ios l'i'|nil‘ll'(l .llliilll b.1513 pm. and tlic
lll'nt iirc i-ngnics, as “1'” as scwrol tillii'iill and po-
lil't‘ vchiclcs, soon ii[)1ll'ill'l‘tl on lln- scciic. 'l'hc :i‘rcn
from Ontario Sti'cct to l’iiriridgc Strch was ini-
lll(‘(llill.(’l_\’ blockcd oil'. and by 0:15 pm llll‘ confin-
i4l‘illl(lll was rcportcd undcr l'()lllliil. For two mori-
hours, liowcycr. thc block rcnninicd closcd to ll'illli('
whilc lircincn slaycd lo comolctcly cxlmunish thc
llrc. ’l'hc lircnicii ulso prcvcnlcd lhc lliltlll‘h lroni
sprcaidiiiu to tho iicighborinu housi-s. 'l‘hi'cc of tlic
nciqhboring sirurtui'cs its wrll iis thc lllll'lli‘ti lioii.~.c
haic bccn cmpty sincc April. (lamina Knplm Phi
Sorority hnd uscd two otlicr ncai'by houscs until Ilii'cc
WUi‘kh also, whcii they sccui'i‘d ncw quartcrs.

Most of the dniniigc was door to tile roof and back
of thc building lllllliillllll thc uholc honsc was ul-
inost complctcly gutted.

li‘irc dcpiirtinciit oiiiciiils rcportcd that thc cinisc
of thc blch is as yet unknown

'l‘vvo new dormitories, onc for 200 residents and an-
othcr for 300, are planned for this Washington Ave-
one site, complcting ii quadrangle of buildings around
Dorm Field. Although no obvioiis work has bccn done
on the pl‘iiJlifll, plans are iilrcudy uiidchiiy for the
demolition of ihc six empty buildings. Wl‘cckliig of
other surrounding buildings and actual work on the
new doi'initorics will begin soon.

  

Twcnty—seven Seniors have been selected to represent
Statc College in the 1956-57 edition of Who‘s Who Amongr
American

Universities and Colleges, an-

nounccs Sara Jane Duffy, Chairman of Myskania. The
rccipicnts of the national honor were chosen by Who‘s
Who from a list of twenty-seven nominees clcctcd by Stu—
dent Association. The maximum numbcr that could be
elected from State College under the regulations estab—

4146 Quid 404mm

lishcd by thc national publication is
l.\l.'t‘lll._\'-t‘i[.',llt.
Who's Who

’l‘hosc honorcd arc: Josi-ph Ander—
Mill, Robcrt Backci', Bclh Bcchlcr,
Robert Burns. Miiric Ciii'boiic, Doin-
iiiick l)cCccco, Murilin DcSiintu,
Snrii .lanc Duffy. Richard Fl‘ldlllilll.
'l‘ito (iiighclnionc. Lcnorc Hughes,
Barbara llungcrl'ord, Aliin Hutchin-
son, l);l\'lll Kciidig. i)‘.l\'l(l chinkc,
Mary Knight. Murcia l..ilWl'UllCl‘,
Shcilii Lister. .lzinics Locklnirt, Clydc
l’iiync, liruno ltodgcrs. .iohii Rook-
wood. Nancy Schncidcr, l’iiuhi Sc—
giil, ldhmln-lh Htiiplctoii, Joseph
Swicrxousln, and llcily Vain Vliick.
Students lalcct _ ~

in ()clobcr. Sludcnl Association
lllltl thc iii-w Who’s Who Recoun-
incndiitions Comm it tc c sclcctcd

foi'ty-si-Vcn Seniors whosc names
iippciirod on the ballot. Earlier,

Myskiiniii llll(l ruled that in order
to bc nominated, ciiiididutcs would
be rcquircd to meet thc clcction
quota. 'i‘chty-iicven rciichcd tlic
quota, and all of these wcro sclcct—
cd by Who's Who.

The new ltccomnicndiitioiis Coin-
initteo cstubiishcd earlier this year
is composed of the President and
thrcc Dcans of the college. LWo Jun-
iors, who ili'C the vice—president of
Student Association and thc .lunior
Class President, and two graduate
students who were in Who's Who in
previous yciirs.

'l‘hc crilcria used by this coin-
niittce was: a 2.0 cumulatch iivcr—
iigc, good character, loyalty, lc'iidcr-
ship ability and cxtravcurriculur
participation.

p.in. absentee in lower Draper.
Those who have been nominated
for the title include: Barbara Hun-
gerford, Marcia Lawrence. Margaret
Smith. Trudy Stemmer, and Betty
Van Vlack. Seniors, Nancy Schneid-
cr ‘57 is Chairman of the coronation
(Joll’lllllltCO.

After the coronation, the Sopho-
mores will present. their class skit
entitled, "For the Love of Lily." This
production was written and directed
by George Harris and Marion
Sciortino. Delores Schumandle is
choreographer. Those playing lead
parts in the skit are Rosemary Sepe,
David Youst. Robert Fox, Elizabeth
Gross, Kenneth Kadet, and Marion
Sciortino, supported by a chorus of
sixty.

Immediately after the Sophomore
presentation. the freshman skit,
"Campus Capers,“ will follow. It
was written by Monica Traskus,
with lyrics and music by Carol
Dudley and Rhoda Levin, and
directed by Donald Jackson. In—
cluded us leads in the skit are
Joseph Ilardo, Robert Austin, Robert
D'Andrea, June Alexander, Joan
Hogan, and Eleanor Gruen.

Each skit must adhere to a mini-

SA Votes Absentee
For Campus Queen

The 1956 Campus Queen will be
crowncd tomorrow night in Page
Hall. Ballots will be cast from 9
arm. to 4 pm. today in lower Draper.
Sincc today's convocation is not leg—
islative, voting will be abs‘cnuec.

'i‘hc Seniors who have been nom-
inatcd for the title are: Barbara.
Hulig‘ci‘loi'd, Marcia Lawrence, Mar-
garet Smith. Trudy Steininer, and
Bcity Viin Vliick.

Thc coronation is the prelude to
at number of cvvnts. including the
prcscntiition of skits by the fresh-
lllilll and Sophomore classes. mark-
ing the end of Rivalry.

mum time limit of twenty minutes
and a maximum of forty-ﬁve min-
utes in its performance.

Clyde Payne '57, President of
Student Association will announce
the officers of the freshman class
following the skits. Then the
Rivalry Cup will be presented to
the Sophomore Class which has
amassed enough points to win Riv-
alry. The cup will be presented by
Joseph Anderson ’57, Chairman of
the Rivalry Committee.

Following the ceremonies in Page
Hall there will be a combined party
for both classes.

Assembly Today

Features Drama

There will be a non-legislative
convocation of Student Association
this morning at 10 a.m. in Page
Auditorium, announces Marilyn
Leach '58. Chairman of Convoca-
tion Committee. The agenda will
include a one act .play sponsored
by Dramatics and Arts Aﬁiliates,
announcements from the floor and
from the chair, and a freshman
apology.

DramatiCs and Arts Affiliates will
present “Game of Chess," a one
not play centered around Russian
life under the Czarist regime. This
presentation is the first production
completely sponsored by the organ-
ization and is entirely under the
direction of its members. Janice
Champagne '57 has undertaken the
circctorship of thc play, and Nancy
Gnclc ‘57 is stage manager. Members
of llic cost includc Richard Bar-
tholomcw '58, Paul Kapp. Mary
Fitzpatrick, and William Gardner,
Sophomores.

RilJL‘l'l Fox and Elizabeth Gross.
Sophomores, are in charge of pub-
licity. Constance Ollvo ‘59 is chair—
man of props, and Eleanor Schell
lCiIll/lilutd uii Pug/i o', Colimm5/

flu/smiling

 

COLLEGE HOUSE FIRE: A student stands silhouetted by the three alarm lire
which Tuesday night partially destroyed the former college dormitory, College House,
at 295 Western Avenue.

 

