 

PAGE 2

Compulsion? . . .

For weeks we have been hearing about apathy at
State. A short time ago, the walls were covered with state-
ments concerning the “apathetic attitude” on the part of
the student body. We wish to emphasize that the apathy
here is comparable to the normal apathy suffered by every
student association throughout the country. In almost
every case this subject leads the list of problems encoun-
tered by these associations. At State, this problem has not
assumed the “gargantuan proportions” we would be led to
believe. We maintain that the crux of the problem lies in
the fact that the student body as a whole is suffering from
a loss of contact with the issues here.

The Representative Assemblies did nothing to improve
this situation. In fact, they merely aggravated it. The last
two meetings of this body resulted in the delaying of of-
ficial business due to lack of a quorum. When a general
assembly was held last week it was so ill-publicized that
merely a handful of students attended. We find it hard to
reconcile the fact that the general assembly was played
down at this time.

This morning we have reverted back to compulsory
assemblies as originally provided for at the expiration of
the Representative Assemblies. This is your chance to keep
student government on its feet. By your attendance you
will be assured of a first-hand knowledge of vital issues
which are very much a part of a student‘s life here. Fur-
thermore, you won't have to suffer from the effects of
inert representatives.

Our Money . . .

In October, AMIA, recognizing its own inadequacy,
asked Student Council to freeze its budget. Student Council
recommended that they secure a separate room to store
their equipment. The room and all the AMIA equipment
with the exception of a few possible items still in the
barracks are pictured on the opposite page. Those who
took the inventory estimate it at $150. Yet last year’s
vouchers show an expenditure of $698.61 for equipment.
Inventories from 1953 and 1954 indicate the purchase of
six dozen baseball bats. The June '55 inventory taken by
Advisor Merlin Hathaway has no record of the bats.

The trouble lies in the inefficient system by which equip-
ment is ordered. No check is kept on incoming AMIA
equipment.

Each year a president is elected at large from the en-
tire male enrollment of the college, providing for no con-
tinuity of the Board. This allows for trophies purchased
in 1953 at the cost of $75. still waiting to be given out.

Revisions are needed in the constitution to provide for
a revised system of nominations and itemization of receipts
for incoming equipment.

This has not been done yet, therefore this situation
which existed for the past three years will probably con-
tinue for the next three years. Council unfroze the budget
on the grounds that they have a room, and the promise
that they are working on a check-out system and a new
constitution. We predict that the disinterested spirit of
Student Council will do nothing to clear up the situation.
We, the members of SA, are losing money year after year
as aresult of the inadequacies of just this one organization.

This situation was discussed before SA when the 1954
budget was presented to the assembly. Discussion was held,
students were shocked and promises were made so the
budget went through. Two years have elapsed and we are
still accepting promises. WE want action.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1913

 

First Place CSPA First Place ACP

VOL. XLI ii‘ebruary 10, 1050 No. 1
Mtiiibers of the NEWS stall 'nuy be ieaciied l'll".(lo\' and Wednesday from 'f to
11 p Ill iii 2-3320. Ext ll l’lioncs Lauri-nee I-Iiii‘Jtl Smith J‘Illllll. Yandob li~iitifi‘.l,

Schlotthnubcr 2-9012. Swll'thiwnkl 2-(iii-i1!

'l'liL- undergraduate newspaper oi the New York State College for ’l'eiicliers,
published every P‘rlduy of the College year by lil‘ NI‘IWH Board for tile Hindi-ill
Association

i‘o~liditiirIii-(Thief
(To-l'lditor-in-(Illici

- I'Ixecutive. Editor

- Public Relations Editor
Business Advei'tlniiig lidltor
- - Circulation Editor
Associate. Editor
Associate Editor

- - Sports Editor
Associate l-‘eature Iiilltor
Stiiii Photographer

MARCIA LAWRENCE

THOMAS SMITH

AILEEN (IOCHRANI‘S

KEITH YANDOII v - -
MARY ANN SCHLO'I"I‘IIAIIBI'LR
JOYCE MEYERMANN - -
MARIE IJI‘ZTTMER

JOHEI'H HZAIIEK -
JOBEI'II HWII‘ZIIZOWSKI
JOHN REINERH -
WILLARD (ilI.I.E'I"I‘E

 

All commuiileatfonn should be addressed to the editor and must be Mum-(I Numm
will be within-id on request. The H'l‘A‘l'l': (J()l.l.i‘2(l1£ NEWS assumes no responsibility
for iiplililillh expicsscii in its columns or eoioiouiiicntions, as such expressions do not

necessarily reflect Iin views

 

and»!

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 10. 1956

 

 

lKWKWI

Epic at Strand

Helen of Troy, a movie which cost
millions to make, is playing at the
Strand. The story is based on the
Iliad. but Homer has been knifed in
the back. Nobody seems to care.
though, because there are big and
bloody battles. a. luscious Helen and
a wooden horse. It's one of those
never to be remembered chances of
a lifetime.

Clowns at Madison

Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis have
somehow sneaked into town, and
you can see them if you like. As for
me, I'd rather not; all their movies
seem based on the same formula
(only the words are changed to pro-
tect the unwary). Like the man says.
“you seen one, you seen them all."
However, don‘t let me inﬂuence you.

New Theatre

Why not try the Colonial Theatre
which recently opened on Central
Avenue. This weekend they're shot"-
ing the Broken Arrow. that famous
horse and feathers thing of a few
years ago. Jimmy Stewart marries
Debra Paget. Indian princess, who
isn't any more Indian than you or
me. but she's a. nice girl. (Beware of
maudlin ending.)

Suspense !

The Delaware is featuring a mys-
tery this week. There is a French-
man. His wife and his girl friend
decide they would do better without
him, and conspire together to mur-
der him, btit have a lot of trouble
getting rid of" the corpse. Diabolique
-frccly translated from the French
means diabolicalﬂstars various and
sundry French actors and should be
pleasant. Watch out for that soft
drink machine at the Delaware—
cverything that comes out of it
tastes coppery. Also, there's no place
to smoke. I hate to complain.

 

communication/1

To the Editor:

 

Two of the most rewarding ex-
periences this year were Music
Council's presentation of the Vienna
Choir Boys, and Drainatics and Arts
Council's presentation of Eva La-
Galliennc. Artistically. both were
superb. and even the mundane as—
pects of the evenings were encour-
aging. It was possible for anyone
(who arrived early enough) to se-
iure the best seat in Page Hall for
about fifty cents (the amount. taxed
per student per performance).

Because of the outstanding quality
of these performers. and the amaz—
ing financial bargain, I would like
to suggest that Music Council and
D&A. in planning their budgets this
month, increase considerably their
guest artist lines.

If each stlidi‘ilt was willing to pay
only four dollars more initially stu—
dcni. tax (the price now required to
obtain just one nicdiocrc seat at a
Broadway evening production), it
would be possible to obtain a total
of ten additional guest. artist pro—
ductions of the same high calibre
as we have heard this year.

llnwillingncss among the student
body to the tax increase would not
mean that the program would have
to be abandoned. There is no reason
why the groups could not inaugurate
a subscription series, much along the
same lines as subscription series at
other colleges. independent. of the
Student Association budget. There
are those who will point out the
possibility 01' such a program not
provnig financially soth-nt. There is
this risk, (as there is a risk that
anything new amt difficult will fail),
but with Albany offering little in ii
tiilturoi veto, it. seems more prob-
ablc that. the outside support alone
iroin the community Would assure
the riit'i‘t'sn‘ of such a program, espe—
cially with ctl'cctn’c publicity and
(-ntliizsnom behind it.

'lhese two proposals offer its the
[It «sibiiity oi' hcarmg a continuous
series of the World's finest enter-
tainment at a purely nominal cost,
and i believe for this reason alone
they are. Worth considering. How—
IUoitiimied from. Page J, Column 1)

      

 

nepresentavwc
govevwwevﬂ' ﬂ’

m /"‘\
.A/m.‘ A/w‘m

MfNAAA
A ’ “AAA/“A

AAA/\ﬂﬂm/\,
AAA/W’\/\ /w\ ./‘

 

IA

“Do we have a quorum?"

 

Gammon-

Side»

By MONAHAN
and KLEINKE

   

“fools rush . . .
angels fear to . . .
GREMIJNS BEWARE

Once again the freshman girls- are being given a gilded silent week
in which to ponder the perennial “To be or not to be." Many undoubt-
edly regard it deserved release from the forced affections of the past
weeks. Indeed, the sororities will select new sisters by seine strange
supernatural system devised especially to bring in girls who will benefit
the sororities. but rarely girls who might be beneﬁted by that member-
ship. Eventually dubious beneﬁts may accrue to some who join. Very
deﬁnitely sororities are political groups. Should a member aspire to
some elected office on this campus. she has a ready-made backing re-
gardless of her qualiﬁcations. The sororities want your heads in their
trophy rooms, freshmen. When the bid is tip to you. carefully consider
your hand; then pass.

ENERGY FOR TIIE EXPERTS

Virtue is rewarded! After patiently enduring their lot, the bridge
players in the Cafeteria have two brand-new soda-vending machines!
Chant praises unto the godsil (Goren. Jacoby. et a1)

NEITIIER RAIN. NOR . . .

Arc curved book lines better than straight ones? Could be—but
with the underground railroad closed for the duration, the ambitious
(newly-reformat) ones who went to the library this week had to brave
the “balmy” Albany weather. Well. they needed the air anyway . . .

ENLIGIITENMENT

Thanks to the kind Soul who put tip the label on the aerial photo-
graph of the camp. Uiitll then. we thought it was a chart showing
routes through Lower Husted at noon.

SURVIVAL OF TIIE BRAVE

We see that some of the old faces are missing this semester. Could
it be that they were afraid to enter the library in recent months? We
know that the plaster on the ceiling is hanging on only by force of
habit. but come now, is that any excuse?

INTO THE FIRE

“We shall return!" cried the stalwart troop of off-campus teachers
as they marched into the field last November. They have. They look as
bewildered as, but more tired than, entering freshmen. The gallant
mission completed, they begin the ordeal of readjustment-«sitting‘ down
in classes and going to sleep nights. By mid-sent time lets‘ hope it's
registered that now they're taking exams.

SPORTS A'l‘ STATE

Cold legs in Bermuda. shorts sprinting on Ontario Street. . . .One-
fall wrestling ouitchcs in the Bl'li date rooms. . . . intro-mural snowball
clnnopionshlps on Western Avenue. . . . ’l‘wo-out-of-threc—fall wrestling
matches in the Bru parking lot.

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 10

 

l()30() am.
4:00 pm

Compulsory SA Asticmbly, Page Hall.

Canterbury Club Retreats: (lirls- St. Ann‘s Convent, Kings-
. ton. Boys, Holy Cross Monastery, West Park, N. Y.

0:00 pm. Sorority Bullets for li‘rcshman Women.
SA’l‘l'ltllAY it‘ICBRl'ARY ll

7:00 pm. Sorority [Formal Dinners for I“l'(‘slllllltll Women.
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 12

10:30 am.
0:00 pm

lllll‘vil Breakfast. Congregation ()liav Shoioin.

11315955 clinilrillpig‘“kimono at Albany Iiilstltute (transportation
'l‘l'lCh‘llAY. FEBRUARY M

4:00 pin. State College 'lheatre Meeting, Draper 349,
WlilliNICSIMI’. FEBRUARY 15

0:30 am. Capital Area School Development Association, Brubueher liali.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY lti

4'15 pm.
7:30 1).!ll.
7:30 1).!!1.

Forum Meeting. (.‘iiiest Speaker at. Brubacher.
Newman Ciiib Meeting. Newman Hall.
SCA Meeting iit Brubiicher Hail.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 10. 1956

 

Attention All Neglected Souls,
Reverse Those Classroom Tociics

By ART PALAZZOLO

If you feel you are being ignored
by your instructors. it is probably
because they haven‘t noticed you.
(Some students consider this a
blessing.) However there are those
among us who desire recognition in
the worst way . . . and that is pre—
cisely the way they go about it . . .
in the worst way. Here's the best
method: Come to class prepared;
have all your lecture notes and
readings up to date. In fact, know
your subject mater cold! Then when
the prof asks the class a question.
you'll know the answer. DON'T
raise your hand ~— no matter how
much you are tempted to do so.
Instead crouch down in your seat
as if shrinking from his gaze. (If
you're too big to shrink much, then
peer intently out the window.) By
this time other students will be
waving their hands furiously in an
effort that they know the answer.
If you think the prof is going to
call on one of the eager-beavers,
you just don't know human nature.
He's spotted your evasivv tactics
and assumes you haven‘t the an-
swer. NATURALLY hc‘ll call on
you. With an cver-so—swcet smile
he'll say, “All right. Mr. Sliiirdlu,

Forum Sponsors
Palestine Speaker

Aziz Sahweel, a graduate student
of Public Law and Government at
Columbia University, will speak to
the Forum of Politics about the
Palestine problem. The talk will be
given at Brubacher Hall on Thurs-
day at 421:3 p.oi., in the Upper
Lounge. Mr. Sahweci is f'roin Pal-
estine.

Dominick DeCccco and Malcolm
Rodgers, Juniors, and Lee DcNike
'59, will represent Albany State at
a model United Nations session to
be held at Saint Lawrence Univer-
sity in Canton, New York this
Weekend. The Albany delegation will
introduce two measures.

The measures will deal with the
problems of the unification of Ger—
many and with the Antarctic con-
tinent. They will be presented by
DeCecco in French because the Al—
bany delegation will be representing
Belgium.

Eleven colleges from the Northern
United States and Canada will par—
ticipate in the program.

Communications . . .
(Continued from Page .3, Column .2)

ever. there are other rillht‘qllt‘lli ad-
iantagcs.

An increased guest artist program
would give State College culture a
badly needed shot. in the arm. There
would be substantial improvement
of relations between the city and the
college. it Albany had something
like this to look to its for. And is
there a better way to show the of-
ficials of the State University of our
need for a bigger. better auditorium
(and a future field house) than by
packing Page Hall to overflow ca-
pacity, which we“ planned programs
ol this type would do.

if some entlnoiastic action is
taken along this line, the results will
be a tangible llll]ll't)\'(lili|ll iii the
prestige of l.llt‘ college, liliii fl cul-
tural inhciiloncc Illfil will long be
riincnibered by the students and
faculty in attendance

liaviil Keiidlg '57

would you tell the class the an-
swer?" He'll lean forward on his
elbows . . . waiting expectantly . . .
the class will be silent . . . they too
are waiting expectantly . . . wait-
ing for an answer they're sure you
haven't got. Hesitatc for a moment,
and then when everyone least ex-
pects it. rise up to your full height,
(whatever that may be) and in a
clear steady voice answer his ques-
tion. Rest. assuri‘dvhe'll notice you
after that!

If the above method doesn't work,
(how could it fail?) try exercising
this quality: Helpfulness—cg. If
you sit in a front row and the
prof drops his chalk at your feet,
don't pick it up—just kick it in his
direction.

Will your profs notice you? Oh
brotherll Will they ever!!!

Veieron Society

Schedules Ball

Approaching very rapidly on our
social calendar is the Veteran's
Inaugural Ball, with Johnny Costa
providing the music. The Ball, not
restricted to Veterans alone, will
take place Friday. March 2, frtmi
10 pin. to 2 am. in the Ten Eyck
Ballroom of the Ten Eyck Hotel.
The Veterans are now ill the pro—
cess of selecting a queen for the
event. During the week of February
20, five finalists will be chosen.
From this number the queen will
be picked, and the remaining final-
ists will join her as attendants.
Bids are now on sale in the peri-
stylc between Lower Hosted and
Draper at a cost of $3.50.

Last Saturday at Concscius Col-
lege in Buffalo, Patricia Kelly ‘57.
a veteran, was elected correspond-
ing secretary of the N. Y. S. Asso-
ciation of Student Veterans. March
1.’) the Association will gather here
for a meeting in Draper 349.

State College Revue
Names Committee

Nancy Schneider and David
Kendig, Juniors, Co—Coordinators
of this year‘s State College Rcvuc,
announce the following members
of' the Finance Committee: Thomas
Hopkins, Arthur Plotiiik, Claudia
Allcock and Ella Mamell. freshmen;
Warren Dunharn. JoScph Barton.
Lorraine Kozlowski. Mary Bradley
and Mariiyii Leach, Sophomores,
Mary Ann Schlottlniubcr ‘57, and
Ailccn Cochranc and Itichard Tin-
app, Seniors,

Anyone interested lll taking part
in the Revue which will be field on
March 19, should contact Richard
Bcaudin '57, Director. or any of
the above people.

a .
(orncr ()ntario & licnson

ill/\l.

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

('ol/clcc Nor/if [or chri

 

li-lllﬁ

 

 

 

75 State Street

 

ART KAPNER

"Wit/R .x'rA’i‘Ia lN.\‘UR/iN(.‘Ii MAN"
ALL TYPES of

5 M71

lNSURANCE

Albany, N. Y.

 

Student Council:

AMIA Presents inventory,- SC Unireezes Budget
During Heated Discussion In Wednesday Meeting

Student Council convened Wed-
nesday evening, progressed through
committee reports, discussed
A.M.I.A., voting to unfreeze its bud-
get, passed the Student Council
budget, chose a College Camp
Board, discussed compulsory assem-
blies, and passed a financial motion
for the State College News.

All of Council was present with
the exception of David Kendlg, rep-
resentative from the Junior class,
who has resigned because of ill
health.

James Sweet '56. President of
Association of Men's Intramural
Athletics, was present in Council to
request the unfreezing of their

i

 

1 umw we

Is This ALL the AMIA equipment?

budget, and to answer questions
concerning the organizations and its
activities. Council had previously
frozen the AMIA. budget because
they had presented no inventory to
SA and had no place to keep their
equipment. The equipment had
been mixed in with equipment of
AA... and the College. There had
been no check-out system and none
of the equipment had been marked.
According to Sweet. a new check-
out system has been devised and
will go into effect immediately and
a room has been found where the
equipment will be retained.

Sweet submitted an inventory
taken this week, which includes 11
tennis racquets and 15 presses
which were not able to be found a
month ago. Robert Backer ’57. Vice-
President of A.M.I.A., stated that
softball bats. purchased last year
can be found nowhere. Also, found
in the equipment room this week
were nine trophies never given to
the organizations merlting them.
These trophies, pictured in the
11;)“, column, have been there since
1 53.

Altogether there is equipment
missing amounting to about $300,
stated Backer. Among the missing
equipment are two dozen scrimmage
vests, five dozen arrows, twelve sets
of boxing gloves.

According to Backer and Ray—
mand Castillo '57. Treasurer of
A.M.I.A., the vouchers requesting
money have just been marked
"Equipment," and there is no rec-
0rd stating the amount or descrip-
tion of the equipment purchased
The equipment is ordered along
with the College equipment and
there are no distinctions in the or-
der, because of the discount that is
available to State College. The
equipment comes altogether and it
was questioned by Council whether
or not the correct division takes
place.

Sigmund Smith ‘56, moved to un-
freeze the budget of AMIA. and
discussion ensued. The motion was
passed with one vote in the nega-
tive by Paul Ericson '59.

 

 

0N 0R ARI” FEBRUARY

In addition to our Home Made
ICE CREAM and CANDY
We will open our new

Delicatessen

and

Sandwich Shop

Featuring a complete line of your
favorite Sandwiches, Salads,
()melettes, and Assorted Cold Cuts

TRY OUR HRMBURGER SPEGIAL

WITH FRENGII FRIES

Wayﬂower

209 CENTRAL AVENUE
HOURS 8 ~ 12 MIDNIGHT

IITII

 

 

 

 

