PAGE 2

Fraternities vs Individuality . . .

“No really brilliant student who is mature and psy-
chologically whole could possibly become a member of a
fraternity nowadays, any more than he could join the Ku
Klux Klan, or one of those clubs whose only requirement
is the mailing of a cereal box top.” This was a statement
made by Sloan Wilson in an article last month in the
American Weekly section of the Times Union. In Wilson’s
biased opinion fraternities stulified the growth of the indi-
vidual. He accused members of being immature youths.

After looking at the fraternity and sorority picture
here at State we believe that Mr. Wilson writes under a
gross misconception. We do agree that majority opinion
has to overcome individual opinion but this is an accepted
fact in all organizations, in the Congress of the United
States down to the most minor committee meeting. We
can not all be individuals all of the time. In order to get
something accomplished we must first discuss it and then
act upon what the majority of people think to be best.
If each one of us tried to remedy the situation by his own
means, confusion would result. Therefore, for our own
good or pleasure we must at times submit our individuality
to the majority opinion.

By making this logical concession we reap many bene-
fits. We do gain what Mr. Wilson phrases “a sense of be-
longing.” One of the greatest fears of a freshman is that
he won't be accepted by his peers. In a fraternal organi-
zation you not only gain a sense of nearness with your
brothers but you also learn to cooperate with members of
other organizations and independents. Your fraternity
acts as the organizing force and also enkindles a loyalty
to the group.

This spirit of loyalty is also a basic part of youth. We
are very emotional and need an outlet for this emotion
and aggression. Sororities and fraternities provide this
outlet. It is much better for us to support a recognized
group than a subversive group.

Fraternal organizations are also a testing ground for
scoial etiquette. It is here that students can find a super-
vised evening of socializing with members of the opposite
sex. At teas and buffets students have an opportunity to
meet the faculty on an informal basis.

We think that too often the loyalty to the group and
rushing of new members is exaggerated to the detriment
of the entire group. The negative opinions of these organi-
zations are over emphasized and their advantages are
minimized.

Fraternity rushing began this week and sorority rush-
ing begins next week. Do not be afraid to join one of these
groups, you will not lose your individuality, The greatest
problem is selecting the group where you can best express
your ideas. Examine each group and judge wisely,

The Drawing Card . . .

Last Sunday Music Council proved two points about
public relations between Albany State and the residents
of Albany. First of all it proved that outsiders will come to
our affairs and secondly it showed us the method to use.

At the jazz concert one hundred and twenty tickets
were sold to non-students. We feel that this was due to
the fact that Music Council offered an interesting and
popular program and that they publicized it well in the
Albany area.

Music Council is to be congratulated for this perform~
ance and we think that other organizations can profit by
following its example.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESIABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CHI’A Second Place ACI’

VOL. XLI
Members of the NEWS staff may be rieaithcd Mood.” and Wi'iillCntlllV from ‘I to

ll pm and Tuesday from it to ii p in. at. 2-333“. EM. 11 Phones Limirncc ;: on,”
Schiotthuubcr 2-0012, Kaiupl a-umo

November 16, 19:36 No 152

The undcrguduuir newspaper of the Nrw York State i‘oliogc iui 'l‘cuchcrn,
publioiicd every l-‘rul.iy of the College year by the NEWS limmi for tin.- Simian

Association.

Miiiwu LAWRENCE
Km" VANINNI - >

MARY ANN SGMLO’I'TIIA“BER -

JOYCE MEYERMANN . . . . . .
mum orz'i'mca - . . . . . _
10mm snark - - - . . . . .
ARTHUR rui'i‘Niii - - . . . . . _ _
“on” “M” ' ' ' Spam Editor
Josimi swniuzowski “mum”, 5W“ mm

WILLARD GILLE'VI'E - - - - - - - ' Stall Photographer

- - I‘ldliurvln (‘hlri
l'ubiic ltulollonii Editor
Business :‘ilii‘fllblllﬂ Managci'
- (Iliculution ludilor
.isuoiilule ladltur
Associate Izdllor
Feature Editor

A“ communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed Names
“in n. withheld on request. The S'l‘AI'E COLLEGE NEWS MolilllllU-S no responsibility
for opinions cxprcancd in its columns or coiiiniuniuotioiis, as such expressions do not

iieceuarily reflect its views.
aﬂﬂw‘

 

| (Wu/(M ,

By ART PALAZZOLO

PALACE

You Can't Run Away From It
with June Allyson and Jack Lem-
mon. In Clnemascope and Techni-
color. A light-hearted comedy. Jack
Lemmon's never failed to please in
the past and this is no exeeption.
Also showing is A Woman’s Devo-
tion with Paul Henried, Janice Rule
and Paul Meeker. In Trucolor—for
those of you who care about such
things.

STRAND

Friendly Persuasion with Gary
Cooper, Dorothy McGuire and An-
thony Perkins. A fine and tender
movie about a Quaker settlement
during the Civil War. A good eve-
ning‘s entertainment. The second
feature is Calling Homicide with
Bill Elliot.

MADISON

The Solid Gold Cadillac with Judy
Holliday and Paul Douglas. An ex-
celleiit comedy based on the Broad-
way play of the same name. Also
showing is Miami Expose.
DELAWARE

The Life and Music of Guiseppi
Verdi. Featured in this picture are
such operatic stars as Mario Del
Monaco and Tito Gobi of the Met
and La Scala. Sprinkied through
the story of Verdi's life are arias
from "Aida," "La Traviata," “Otel-
10," “Il Trovatore" and “Rigoletto.”
A must for opera lovers, and those
who, (like us) can't sit through a
whole opera, will be delighted by
the selection of familiar arias.
Special student rates are sixty cents
With student tax card.

Bus Stop with Marilyn Monroe
and Don Murray. The second feat-
ure is Frontier Scout with Tony
Martin. (Who?)

Gammmtiom

To the. Editor:

The music council should be con-
gratulated on its fine choice of the
music group which appeared in last
Sunday's jazz concert. I think that
the students here at State should
also be congratulated on the way
they received these musicians and
the kind attention they afforded
them. This concert not only broad-
encd the interests of the students,
btit set forth it fine example of
State Spirit.

From speaking to the musicians,
l was informed that ill. no other
concct't, club (late. or engage-
ment at which they performed were
they received so well. ’l‘hcir delight
ciunc forth in their music and the
performance. When the musicians
were preparing to leave, Mr. Wind—
ing said, "Have us back again real
soon!" This is it true testament of
how much at home the students
made these musicians feel.

Ziiciiuric J. Clements '5!)

Ream! Rm... l

11y Flt/1N K VE'I‘OS K 1'

Iiics to Watch

Patience and Prudence will soon
have you humming to their new
piniicl‘ "(ioilliii (lit. Along Wltliolll.
You Now." "Just in 'l‘unc' by Tony
llcnnctt scents to bc gliilll'l'lllt‘.
ii'cnglh. l'cl'ry (.‘onio's "(.‘innchcr-
incln-e” is slurting to climb
Albums in Review

“Ski 'l‘rulls," it new album li'li’uhi‘
by Jo Hl.ilioi'il, lcuturcs sonic oi the
best :ilillltllll'tlh which describe lhc
\Hllli‘l scene in America Mas
Siuiioi'il bi'untliully and simply
siylcs such numbers as "Moonlight.
in Vermont" and "Sleigh Ride" in
the package. This collcclloii is \ci‘y
easy listening.

tiood ncws, Kai Winding ions!
’l‘hc seplet hits it new album release
culled "'i'hc 'l‘rombone Sound " The
group played some oi the numbers
included ill the album lil llll'll' coil»-
cert. last. Sunday. Many of you iii/.7.
addicts Will i‘cnlly dig llils fro/.cn
wax.

Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Arm-~
strong have combined llicir talents
in produce one of the best jaw.
albums ii\iiliiiblc "Ella and Louis"
is the title.

Snack Bur Favorites

1. "l'ionky 'l‘onk" iii. lioggcili

2. "Singing the lilucs" (U Mllcliclli
ll. “(irecn Door” 1.). Lowci

“Blueberry Hill” ili‘. llonunoi
~l. “Little Man in Chinatown" (J

Lowe.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1956

.. .-.-..—..-...~...........“mum”. m..........,....

T.

"Lawn... .0... 44.1»... M1.uv¢~ .

3M0‘3i 6730M

 

e

 

5'. - .4. Mi

* weir-

  
   

       

 

 

 

.. ...... ».. ..,,. h......_....,....»...».~. ma. A»... t... "‘4' n, ..,, ,.

 

 

 

 

 

 

By I’AGIDAS and McEVOY

 

 

Proverb—Rest is for the dead.

VERBAI. BOI.’QUE'I‘S

A job well done is a mild way of describing the efforts of our soccer
team Llllw year. The Fed booters 6 win 3 loss season was brought to a
close last. Saturday afternoon. Saturday‘s game ended the college soc-
cci' career of a number of Seniors. These men have done a lot for State
and will be sorely missed.

It has been said that. "One. must love sports to play for State."
Athletes here at State receive disproportionutely little reward for their
great efforts, To those men who in cold and rain spent hours of prac-
tice, weekends on trips, sustained injuries and played their hearts out
before too often meager crowds, we extend our heartfelt thanks,

SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION

Could be the heat generated at the Residence Council-Off Campus
residents meeting carried up Western Avenue and facilitated Becker the
Wreckcr's work on the proposed new site for the dormitories. What the
State was slow in accomplishing, a simple little thing like fire facilitated.
Maybe the rest of the houses on the site will go before another pyro-
maniac becomes inspired.

SILENCE IS GOLDEN

We're wondering why we haven‘t had any letters to the Editor from
the Student Union Board in answer to our queries.

The attendance at the l'iibiiloi‘s jazz concert sponsored by Music
Council proved how wrong Student Union Board is in their philosophy
of l)2ll'l'lll:’, outsiders. There were over 120 tickets sold to outsiders for
this concert. It was a huge success and no doubt these visitors spread
the Word. Another point, why didn't SUB allow dancing at the jazz
concert? li's sort of hard to sit still listening to music like that.

Everyone at State pays for the Union, the arrangement being that
rules governing it are made by the group in chiti‘gc~SUB. Why weren't.
the students consulted before this selective law was put into effect?

Why not. sell one year memberships to the Union to any outside.
college students?

.\'l"l‘l£N'l‘l()N EI)l'(‘.-\’I‘IONAI. IIONORARIES
You might not. be aware of this but this week was National Ediica~
tion Week. Considering the Academic llliil‘l‘l' of this school . . .

IIOW .\BOl"l‘ A NEW BAND BOX

On November 3 the State hoop squad will make its debut. The team
llllfl the schedule of competition look exceptional. In the past the crowds
for home games have been more than capacity for Page Hall. We pre—
viously mentioned the use of the New Scotland Avcnuc Armory or pus--
sibly the Pharmacy (lyin, The only contrary opinion which we have
heard is find botli these places are too distant. to get it Stutc crowd.

Which will il be this year standing on soniconc‘s shoulders to see a
game m Page or :i nicngcl' crowd in a big min? What it should be is it
big crowd in a big gym. This year's team and competition ni'c the raw
moiermis liil' greui public relation», Why |lll.\.\ it up?

(il'ES’l‘lON OF THE WEEK
Which desk in the Drain-r Icrisiylc \iill it be for yoii ll trip to
(‘.ulii|) liippikill or lronsportoiion home for 'I'iialliltsgit'llig'.’

 

College Calendar

 

l"RII):\1', NOVEMBER iii

ii on n in Absci-icc Voting for (‘onipus anin iiiiiil ~l pin . l.o\\cl' lli'npci

it) till .i In Silliiciii (‘oli\oi'uiliui lcnitil'llig UNA {\lllllilll‘h (llll' ili’l. play.
l’uzic llnli

ii on pm All State Night /\('ll\llli‘h, lll‘lllllll'lll'l' Mulll liming Room

SA'l‘l'RlLH’, Nli\'El\lBlu‘R 17

ll) iii) it ill lili'ull'y 'I‘i‘ui'K .illil I‘lclil l‘.‘\l‘lll.\, l)iil'lli l"ii-ld
71ilipm (,‘iaupus Night l’i'ogi'inn. l’iigc lliill.

SI'NBAV. NOVEMBER Iii

ii Iii) o Ill Buses lcui‘c ior (follcgc (.‘uinp 'l'oiu', I3l‘ill)ilt'lll‘l' Hull.

3 llli pin lictu thu Fili'llll)’ 'l'cu, Iiilll Sluic Sti'cct.

Si no pin Latin-ran Student Associniiou Meeting, Hill Central Avenue

.') uo pin Sigma Lambda Sigma Open IIiil'N‘ lOl' Stutcsiiicn, lfu”) South
Lake Avenue.

’1 co pin (hintci'biu‘y Club Meeting, (‘ulhcdrnl (inild liousc,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER Iii

7.30 pm Society of Critical 'lliougiii Meeting, lirubnchcr ilull.

lilill pin. (iuinmu Kuppu (:oll‘ee IIOlll' tor Mcn oi Potter (uni), 293
Western Avcnuc

'l‘l‘ESllAY, NOVEMBER :20

10:00 ulil Sophomore Class Meeting, l‘iropoi- 34p

liiiii pm Klillijli Mu Mccllni: lirubiichcr Iluli.

\‘Vl‘lliNESllAY. NOV CMBER 2|

illio itt‘ll ’l‘hunksgiving Recess Begins

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1956

PAGE 3

 

 

7/te 6pm Mam!

 

By ART PLOTNIK

This is the friendly column. This
is one of those fragment personal
columns. This is the kind of column
that impells you to climb the high-
est mountain, turn your counten-
ance to the wind and the heavens,
throw up your arms, and get sick.
News Of The Week In Review

Last Sunday, State College was
entertained by a personality as fam-
ous, exciting, and agreeable as any
other entertainer at State ever was
or ever will be. Kai Winding can
only be spoken of as the most sup-
erlativist. The modern idiom of jazz,
which beforehand had lacked the
near—universal appreciation it so de-
serves, was prescnted and accepted
with a mature enthusiasm that
showed signs of being eternal in the
hearts of the Statesman. Hooray for
Kai!

Thousands of cigarettes were con-
sumed at last Monday's IFC smok—
er. This is a wonderful way to keep
the number of fraternities at a
minimum, since an estimated nine
out of every ten rushees die of lung
cancer each year. We might also re—
quest that the fiend who put the
reefers in with the other cigarettes
reveal himself; seventy-five new ad-
dicts have been anxious to find a
salesman.

Let's all join hands and recite
some poetry. Like a parody of
Shakespeare:

When in disgrace with Fortune and
Deans' eyes,

I all alone beweep my outcast fate

And trouble deaf advisers with my
fruitless cries

And look upon myself and curse A.

State.

Yet in these thoughts myself almost
despising,

Ilaply I think on thee, and then,
my date,

Like the drunken head at break of

day arising,
I still more feel my pains and won-

der why you're late.
Late News Flash

Some old meanie stole Peggy's

chair at Washington Tavern. Peggy,
of course, is the waitress there, and
she demanded that we print her
plea for justice. I wouldn‘t dare
print something like this. Besides,
I need the chair.

DelegatesAifend
lCA Conference
Ai Buffalo State

The Inter-Collegiate Association
Commission of Albany State Col—
lege is sending four delegates, David
Kendig ‘57, Marilyn Leach '58, and
Paul Erieson and Claudia Allcock,
Sophomores to Buffalo State Teach-
ers College for the annual ICA con-
ference today through Sunday, an-
nounces Joseph Szarek '58, Chair-
man.

The Association, composed of ten
State Teachers Colleges, will discuss
at various meetings topics of mutual
interest, and methods which may be
employed to more closely unify the
ten colleges.

ICA Purpose

ICA has been in existence for
eieven years. The purpose of ICA is
to foster closer relations among the
State Teachers Colleges, and to re-
flect to the State University the
feelings of the students of the mem-
ber colleges as a whole. Materials
from the leading colleges in the
United States and information on
the State University are in the pos-
session of the local commission

Construction At

3a 5-.

in the above photograph.

:Student Work Parties Continue
Camp Dippildll

 

    
 

The latest addition to the. College Camp, :1 Wash House, is shown

Greek Societies
Sponsor Events

This coming week three of State's
Greek organizations are sponsoring
affairs and West House is planning
an open house.

Sigma Lambda Sigma, located at
155 South Lake Ave., will hold an
open house on Sunday from 5 to 8
pm. Alan Hutchinson '57 is Presi-
dent.

Beta Zeta will sponsor a faculty
tea on Sunday afternoon from 3 to
5 pm. at their house on 389 State
Street, announces Nancy Louprette
'57, President of this organization.

Monday night Gamma Kappa Phi
will offer a coffee hour at 8:30 pm.
for the men of Edward Eldred Pot-
ter Club. Leading this sorority is
June Studley ’57.

West House, a women's dormitory
on Western Avenue. is holding its
first open house Sunday from 3 to
5 pm This is one of the new houses
purch 188d this past summer by the
college.

Camp Board Conducts Sunday Tour Of Campsite;
Students Plan Vacation Work Parties To Dippikill

A tour of the College Camp,
Camp Dippikill, will be conducted
on Sunday by the College Camp
Board. Buses for the trip will leave
Brubacher at 8:30 am, returning
at 6 pm. Tickets for transportation
may be purchased for $2.00 in Low—
er Draper today lrom 9 am. to
4. pm.

The Camp was purchased last
year by the student body to be used
for both educational and recrea—
tional purposes. Consisting of 700
acres, it is located approximately
eight miles north of Warrensburg.
Located in the middle of the prop-
erty is Dippikill Pond, after which
the Camp has been temporarily
named. The pond is approximately
50 acres in size. The temporary
campsiide, which is located about

 

 

Don’t Be A Cold TURKEY

 

Jackets
T-Sliirls

Bring Home A Gift THIS

@hanksgioing

Your CO'OP Carries

Children’s:

Sweatshirts

Pajamas

Bibs

All sizes lo fil children from 2 years old lo 14 years old.

 

a mile from the Lake, at present
includes one farmhouse with an ad-
dition ibuilt by the students), a
warehouse, and five tents with plat-
forms ialso built by students). The
addition on the house is to be used
permanently as a dining hall and
a recreation area. With cooking fa-
cilities and sleeping quarters in the
house thirty people can be accommo-
dated on the campsite.

Possible uses of the Camp, as
enumerated by Camp Board, fall
into three categories: Recreational,
Educational and Conferences. Some
of the types of recreation which
will be available are: skiing, hunt-

ing, swimming, fishing, boating,
hiking, camping, picnics, and

horseback riding.
The educational uses to which the
Camp will be put are: field trips,

projects, conservation education.
leadership training in outdoor rec-
reation, camping administratioi

methods and techniques of instru.
tion.

The Camp can also be used for
Coiilercnce groups such as Student

Honorary Fraternity
Holds First Meeting

Margin-ct Jelley ‘57, President of
Alpha Epsilon, the honorary frnt-
ernity. announces that the first
meeting of the year will be Thurs—
day, November 29, at the college.

Edward John Sabol, Coordinator
of Field Services, will speak on
closed circuit TV. Officers will be
elected at this meeting, and ii ten-
tutive agenda for the your will be
planned. ‘

 

‘ I I ’
Felicia sBeauly Salon
ﬁll-A N0. Lake Ave.
iNeiir Washington Avei
“JIMMY” Htlll’ Stylist
’l‘clcplionc 3'97de

—C()L()NIAL-

(‘entral Avenue New Oniill St.

 

 

 

l“ri.-Sut. Nov. iii-l7
Marilyn Monroe in
BUS STOI’

Tony Martin in
OUINCANNON,
FRONTIER SCOUT
Friday from (i'lil) pm
Sat. from 1 pm. Contln.

 

Sun-Mon. Nov. Iii-Iii
Audie .iin'phy ~ Anne Bancroft.

Walk The Proud Land
also
TIIE SCARLET HOUR

Sun. from 2 pm. Conlm.
Monday from 6:30 pm.
’l'iies.-\‘Vcii.-’l‘liurs. Nov.‘.’.ll-2l-22
BAD SEED
Nancy Kelly - Put McCormuck
IIE LAUGIIEI) LAST
Frankie Luine - Lucy Marlowe.
Tue—Wed. from 6:30 pm.
'l'iiul's. from 1 pin. Coniln

 

 

 

Association agencies, faculty groups,
alumni groups and others.

Camp Board has set up certain
rules for purposes of safety and also
to govern the use of the property.
It is recommended that anyone go-
ing up to the Camp become ac-
quainted with these rules prior to
their trip. Some of the rules are as
follows:

i. All activities taking place at
the Camp are subject to Camp
Board‘s approval.

2. Activities without precedent
must be approved by the Board.

3. All organizations, unorganized
groups, or individuals must fill out
a registration blank in the Student
Personnel Office twenty—four hours
before departure for approval. Those
going only for a day may check out
through Brubacher.

4. Rules governing conduct on
campus will be extended to the
Camp. Girls staying overnight must
have written permission from home.
Eleven o'clock bedtime hours are
recommended.

5. All fires Will be built only in
designated spots. When away from
the major camp area, persons must
not. be alone.

6. All injuries and breakage of
equipment will be reported in writ-
ing to the board via the SP0.

7. No living plants or animals can
be collected without Board permis-
sion.

Violators of any of these rules
may have their privilege of Camp
use revoked. This applies to groups
as Well as to individuals.

Thought Society Meets
10 Discuss Hungary

The Society of Critical Thought
will meet in Brubucher, Monday, at
7:30 pm, announces Edward
Strauss '57.

The topic will be “The Break
Through." concerning the recent
revolutionary events in Hungary and
the continuing struggle of Hungary
to establish real democracy and
throw off her Russian opprcssors.
The discussion will be student led.

 

Sunday night
when you

come. back here

Look for the

SNACK BAR

IT’LL STILL
BE HERE!

 

 

 

