 

 

PAGE 4

C3\)

DEMOCRATIC VISTAS
By ROBERT SIMONDS

The Democratic Party in 1956
faces a crisis which may make or
break its standing as a dominant
party in contemporary American
politics.

Adlai Stevenson, candidate for
the presidency in 1952. smooth
functioning administrator and bril-
liant governmental theorist, a re-
markable orator. but cursed with
what seems to be an inability to
arouse a complacent electorate.
Further. Stevenson was labeled in
the public eye as an organization
candidate by the 1952 Democratic
convention. Many believe the 1952
standard bearer's chances will
steadily decrease with his entry
into state open primary races. Stev-
enson’s fine showing in the Illinois
primary. however, has revived his
hopes for both nomination and
election. The crucial points in Ad-
lai's nomination campaign will be
future primary matches with Estes
Kefauver in the Florida contest of
May 29 and the California test of
June 5. The results of these prim-
aries. considered together. may give
a clear analysis of the major con-
tenders' vote getting abilities in
states that are oi a nearly oppo-
site political cliinate. The prediction
from here is for a Stevenson vic-
tory in Florida and a neck and neck
race in California.

Estes Kefauver, campaigner ex-
traordinary. is a candidate fortified
with an overwhelming urge to he
the next president of the United
States. His “common touch" ap-
proach to electionecring makes him
a serious threat for the Democratic
nomination. In campaign technique
Kefauver seems to be Stevenson's
superior but in politics in general,
be. like the Illinoisian has several
strong liabilities. Perhaps the most
important of these is a program
overburdened with promises that
will be extremely difficult to live
up to. In rural areas these ear-
pleasing but economically question-
able promisei may ultimately back-

 
  
   

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 13. 1956

fire on Kefauver. That is pure con-
jecture however.

Possibly a more serious error on
the Tennessee Senator's part was
his charge that political bosses at-
tempted to do him dirt in the Min-
nesota primary. Whether or not
Estes' charges are true. he has an-
gered and hurt the Democratic
Farm-Labor leadership in that state.
Senator Hubert Humphrey and
Governor Orville Freeman have
been embarrassed politically and
the latter's hopes for re-election in
1956 may have been threatened. In
Minnesota the major Democratic
problem after a tumultuous prim-
ary will be to restore unity and cut
down tiie discord Kefauvcr left in
his wake.

Averill Harriman. incumbent lib-
eral governor of New York. is a
third contender for the Democratic
nomination, Despite protestations
of “inactivity” the Governor is
known to be ready and willing if
the nomination is tendered to him.
In his corner also is Carmine De-
Sapio. a political manager with the
political know how of a Jim Farley.
Harrinian will be presented to the
Democratic convention as the fav—
orilc son of New York's 94 man
delegation and his hopes for a
presidential or Vice-presidential nod
remain fairly strong despite the
antipathy of Southerners toward
his program that embraces a pow-
erful civil rights plank with vigor-
ous enforcement. Nomination of
ilarriman might well drive the
Southern elements. liberal and con-
si-ri'ativc alike. from the party con-
vention.

A number of other dark horse
candidates enter the Democratic pic-
ture. Looming foremost among them
is Frank I..auschc, a moderate con-
scrvativc who has been five times
governor of the major state of Ohio.
Luiische's rmodcrate views make him
a candidate around whom the bonds
of compromise between Northerner
and Southerner might well be

drawn. The nomination of Lauschc
might well portcnd however the. dc-
clinc in the influence of Northern

Political 4W

REPUBLICAN SPOTLIGHT
By DAVID KENDIG and
FRANK SWISKEY

The decision of President Eisen-
hower to run for re-election has
made the Republican Party unre-
strainedly jubilant. There is not
the slightest doubt that the Repub-
lican convention in August at San
Francisco will nominate Eisenhower
by poular acclaimatlon.

The role of the Vice-President
accentuated by President Eisen-
hower's illness is a big question
mark ‘0 the Republicans. There are
several possibilities, most notably,
Vice-President Richard Nixon. Stip-
ported by high officials of the Old
Guard wing of the. Thomas E.
Dewey. George Humphrey. Secre-
tary of Treasury, and Gov. C. Her-
tcr of Massachusetts. Eisenhower
has stated that he would not eii-
dorse Nixon as his running mate
but still has not made definite
statements to that effect. The rea
liberals within the
Party.

In addition to Governor Lauschc
the names of three other possible
dark horse candidates appear from
the fold. These are Stuart Syining-
ton, former Air Secretary and lib—
eral one-term senator from Mis-
souri; G. Meiiiioii ISoapyi Wil-
liams. four-time governor of Michi-
gan with tremendous personal pop~
ularity in his home state and a fine
liberal record; and Senate Majority
Leader Lyndon Johnson of Texas. a
popular moderate Southerner. whose
modesty and heart condition con-
strain iiii ambition to bc president.

Demtxrrats are hopeful of effect-
ing a change from t'oiir years of
executive lethargy in domestic ac-
tion. indecision and wavering in
foreign policy. and social noting in
administrative leadership that haw-
slowcd the advance of American
democracy and economic progress
for four years. The Democratic
Party is for "pcaci and prosperity"
too. but it has the program and
the "guts" to put it into action.

 

 

Democra tic

 

sons for this cloud of uncertainty
about Nixon is that the Democrats
would have a fixed and preferred
target at which to aim political
barbs until election day.

The person who suffers most from
the uncertainty of course is Mr.
Nixon himself. The threat of a
boom launched for strategic pur-
poses might catch on and settle
matters then and there to Mr. Nix-
on's disadvantage.

The GOP strategists hope to keep
the Democrats guessing until the
convention. The fact that faces the
Republicans though is that Nixon
will be ‘alled upon for major
speechmaking but as Vice-Presiden-
tial nominee he would cariy more
prestige than as a :abinct ofliccr
or other official. Nixon is an cncr-
getic. hard working campaigner
who will be utilized to :iimpaign
around the country for hard press-
ed candidates in Congressional and
Gubernatorial elections.

The expected political moves were
and are still being made after
Eisenhower‘s announcement of his
availability for a second term. The
Democrats are seeking to niiakc the
President's health and the farm pol-
icy of the administration as major
issues of the campaign. The Repub-
licans will run on the administra-
lion‘s record for the past four years
and the theme of peace and pros—
perity. The Democratic slogan of
"The people don‘t want a part time
President" initiated by Paul Butler.
Democratic. National Chairman. will
in limc prove one of the biggest
|)..ckfires in Democratic history,

President Eisenhower has frankly
told the American people that he
was classed as a "recovered pa—
tient." The judgment of thc most
talented men of the medical profes—
sion coupled with the fact that Mr.
Eiscnhcwcr made his own decision
may prove a definite hooliici'niiL‘.
to the Democrats.

The Democratic attack on the ad-
ministration's current farm policy
has provided a tender point for both
parties coiiceriicd. ’l‘hc curi'cnl farm
bill is :i liodgcpod of nothing

It’s a psychological fact:

more people (Jill lllO/L‘

Pleasure helps your disposition.

ll yoo’ie (l smoker, icmembci
[)UII'.‘ p/cosote liom Ccimcls
lll(lil llOlll (my other (njriiellc!

No other cigarette is so
nth-lasting, yet so mild!

.  

brought about by a Congrch con-
trolled by Democrats who refuse to
help in any way Secretary of Agri-
culture Benson's ultimate plan of
removal of all price supports.

The Democrats admit that this
will be the end result. of the fact.
that. farm population and the small
form is declining but they refuse
to accept the inevitable. They main-
ialii this stand though they do
realize the United States will be
better off in the long run.

The Democrats are attacking cur-
rent U. 8. foreign policy but the

fact remains that we are not in-.

volved in a police action such as
Korea. A police action that was dis-
astrous because of limitations im-
posed by a piano playing adminis-
tration. Quality not qualitin is the
formula. Gentlemen?

The next Congress. especially the
Senate. would appear to be even
more firmly entrenched by Demo-
crats. There is little chance that
Republicans can unscat Democratic
Senators Hill. Hayden. Sinathcrs.
Hf'lllllll‘1m Magnusoii. .Vlonroiiey,
Fulbright. Johnston. Long. or cvcii
rcncgadc W.i_\|ic Morse. While some
Republican incumbents. namely the
Senators, Milikeii. Welkcr. Carl-
\illl. Duff. (‘:I>~i'. :iiid Aikcii lilliulll.
he l'I‘illlilt‘Il. many more seats are
in doubt

California. ('onm-ciicut. and Ill-
mois. will dcpcnd on 1ch ioiioiial
trcnd. however Republicans do not
always find ll healthy in thesc
ports.

Wiley and (Iapehart will probably
fncc priniiiiy li‘illll)ll‘.\. the l'orimcr
against the McCarthy cult iii Wis-
consin, tlic lautcr caught in a bit-
lcr fight bciwccii the forces of Jcii-
her and (iovci'iioi' Craig ol hidi-
anu. it remains To be seen. which
group Cnpehurt will plug himself
lilto.

Republican ('Illlll‘Jl of (‘oiigrcss
would seem impossible. and in view
of some of the present chublicali
yotiiig l‘t':'oi'(lS. this is probably the
bcs: break Dwight l‘Ilsi‘lllltiwt‘l' could
get.

 When Spring’s in the air
And you haven’t a care,
Enjoy pleasure rare—have a CAMEL.’

—Mah, That’s

are pleasure I

   
  

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 13. 1956 PAGE 5

 Nine Begins Outdoor Newly Organized Track Team
'E'Training For April 21

Begins Practice On Page Field

By BOB KAMPF
With the return of clear skys and and immediately began to circle the

By ZM‘" “IEMWI‘S seems to “W a 1"“ 0“ W’Ltn‘m" :i‘iil‘d'iii"gifts”iii'iilaiillli Selig: 291313111gmgiggilaiiiiionforniﬁbieistrjéli

Last Wednesday the Shit? 00110.2“ “011 htli‘l 1111‘ DUNS .1th 41 ML T110 The PM 5mm“. “hmlm femur“ a” lllilliil“ the tint on‘ Pale-Field in enthusiasts. and any State under-
baseball squad finally got a chance tennis injuries so far have been ‘TMT‘DUOHRHY “RM “mom mid 41 “my?” work out mt. anks 1m. HM. Hummus Smdem interested in se_
to go outdoors for their first batting minor. with aches and muscle pulls ““l't "lillfli‘ld‘ SHUN‘“ “HIPS. "11 “1“ mmm“ WW)” which is m“. M, 0m.“ curing : spot on me state team has
practice. Led by Veterans Sandy hem; the most serious. bill's “'1” Just hit tho hull lllt‘.\"l‘l‘ M“ . 51‘11‘11‘g‘nnm Rm inst, to mp0” to either st‘ Mmyisv
BGI‘IIStem. A] lip‘ldm'”m“' “ml “'1‘” "pu'r‘m‘ (“’m“ 0‘" “Um”: l.” I)“ a“ “9’11"” . ., :s‘on'ie fifteen to twenty track and if interested in field events. or to
Sanders. tht‘ DUNS hill Bll‘PW‘I' 'l'llt‘ milk “I llll‘ “'lt‘l‘ims t'ilmi‘ Nam" “mum. “Dr” "I licld enthusiasts turned out for the Bleccker Stadium, if interested in

Stadium and knocked the ball out on Monday after \‘ucnlioli. OW'HHN (l:l§"13.1“,’l"lill‘_il‘Vfl‘lz‘lW' “1.5, “309k (,f I)(,SI_Enh-f(\l~ warm up, til-“Ck events,
around for quite sometime. Among lliose this reporter saw were mt" Pl‘ds- lth‘li‘lmt‘ 1‘5 fillll‘ “Hill”

. .r . . - .4 . . Official Practice Pops Monday
Coach Saucrs thinks the pitchers .loliii Rookwood. Bill Harris mid “WI “1” l)“ “mka [\Ht't‘ as lltlltl

,. The first official )ractice is sched-
arc coming along fine in their sc'i'ci'al others. The squad as it the next two weeks. lhe season l
Sparta Modded: _ , .
“nine of sixteen is slated for Sntur- pits Will be toudy by Monday. Any-
as are all State home games and As the student body should know A big mum pomt rm all those
begun activity on a club basis with “"1 be“ “me m eaCh event WI“ g0
Peds Annihilate Foes; .
llllumwm m- mmn rm. m m._ mural type events Will be run for
State‘s varsity keglcrs nioyed to a up for uniforms Plant-V "WW “11 HHS years squad.
their llnion rivals 3-0. last 'l‘ucsduy ].in'.'li;iscd interest seems to have '
c\ciiiiig. ’l‘hc Pcds scattered the (pod considerably   To Beau-y].
ccllardwelhng :illc}~dliSici's from body. "What precisely is holding
Iii-st games in the final when the i‘qllllillll‘lll. a reliablecoaching stall. league will open a new season.
m,"
John Zuhk and "rookie" .loc Kl‘l- down (‘ollege Heights and to drain man 
SOMETHING TO SMILE .\ii()l"l‘. Pictured above are the members honors \\llll ii 511 total followed by M‘

r uled for Monday afternoon. both for
training. but that Iht‘ Flu-WT \‘Hf'kl- illllil‘ill‘S m the earh' spring training “l’i‘m’l‘ Will be a double header

day. April 21. .it Bleekcr Stadium. To the Sports Editor: “"0 “smug to manage the Squad
the entire student body is urged to by now. ll sport new to State Col- mwwswd 1” “Mk is that Since this
II Mu“ fl”. d apt-mi“. mmoqm m down as a State College record. To
Union   Sweep llil\1'lllt‘.‘~i. It was started. by the way. “msv “mum: to gist their names in
fourth place tie and to within a Nowthat uniforms and equipment. ‘md “11 d‘m‘m‘m“ Wm b" gladly

woods for a mediocre triplc of 3389. At this point i would likc to speak
l‘mon. who could put together a you back? We now have every— 'l‘his Monday. barring snow of
locals racked up 845 to Union‘s i..i. uuer -i-olli~gi:iic conipctilioii, under the direction of commission—
t'hum. John grabbing liluh ll'llllt‘ and ll‘\'cl the area including St. l\'.lll be split up into the Albany
Front row: I'Iv Weier- Joe's (all). including high single 19! which could be used for TRACK. former wil consist of Potter. Pogos.

 

 

against Harlwlck College. The first L”le and neldt Since the jumping
The admission to the game is free. Promises. . Promises. Sh‘mld amulet Comm Hathaway-
come out and support. their l‘iilll. lcgc commonly called TRACK has is we ﬁrst year for "Mk at Statc'
mm”). 5mm; “I.” “me u received add to the interest for track. inter-
bccausc nearly forty men had signed mo “word bm’ks' There's mom rm
come of thc third spot. by crushing aiiioiiiitinu to over 3380.! have been ill"'(‘l)lt‘<l.
“'1' '1 “Vi-e “'Wiﬂll “t "\“l“\\'lit'lﬂll lllt' directly to the men of the student Two Leagues Set 
lIIHIl HI 2088. Both Sounds llud llH'H‘ thing we need financial backing. i'Ulil'Si‘. the infra-mural softball
The locals wcrc topped by \‘t'tci‘illi Plans lliiH‘ cicn been made to tear crs Don Rice Till and Pete Dyke-
wry‘s Park for a recreation licld League and the State League. The

 

of the champion Potter i'lub basketball team.
miller. .\l Lederinan and sandy liernslein. Back row: Jack Peacock. The box score for State: The money for this plan has been APA. APAchics. Sayles and the
nave Maria, Tim (pmnvhnmw' "mi “N. Horowitz. l 3 It 'l‘l appropriated. Don't you of the slu— Rouscrs. SLS. Vets. Ridge. Terrors.
Sullivan HH ltiii loll hill dent body realize that, with all this KB and the Potter Sophs will coni-

'* Ken-hum 17:! Ht; 191 Still money being spent on ’I‘RM‘K now. prise the latter.
Zidik ltiil 174 ltiii .311 if inn-rest dies at this point any The games Will be played on Page
chpliciisoii lit-3 12:3 17—1 4654 new movenien to widen the scope Field and either Beverwyck or
chiplc lllli l-i'.’ 1.38 436 of sports on this campus will meet Dorm Field. Referees will be pro—
. with the (lisi'avor of the State ol‘ii- vided by thc teams on a round-
gum  a o o 'l'oiail THU 75:") Mo 2389 cials on the financial committee? rohiii bums. and starting times will
lfiiioii one 4592 737 ‘Jtiitil Please help! JOE BARTON be 411:3 anti 6:30.

 

 

With the snow oil the ground .uid stop them :oi' .l lillllllii‘ .oid [(‘ll
the sun finally breaking through. them \ou'd like Hi see the .~\Ml.-\

the time is finally licrc loI' illl ~prm~ budget :ilt'lllilr' appropriation. 101'
athletes to bcgui their husi -ilicd~ tackli- :oiumll hhow them you”.

ules. We'd like to jump the ..llll illlcl’l‘slcil.. ’
little and write of our layorui- 1M (lash Illi'HIillHl‘

fill sport—“touch” football as l is l'hci cannot justity it's inclusion
so erroneously labeled. in the expenditures on their .\i|\' so

r . . alone They must l~:iioi\ \ou're bc-
Wc'i'c just wondering whethei this I ‘ W  ‘I '
fall we will liiid the some old occur— “1”” “1"” H W” J“ 1h!) Hill-HI

v lillll\\' “lit! ‘.‘.'lll SiillHl lit‘lllllll lllt‘lll
' "H' ‘i ' ‘ ‘ '(ll ‘ t‘llkh’ [ll lill'l\ll‘ .
(llllltdtltvh 1E'\.‘l.l.\h0lll([ i“. I.”~ ‘|\ 11 “Ups; \\‘lli’ll Illl‘ llll‘\'lllll)li' ('lilb'll ('tlllll‘h
l r i h l I S l I- .. ..

Meanwhile the injuries (lilc to the “llll “1‘” I“ Mlldtlll Amium iil

inevitable rough play and the 1"" ll”““"-‘“"l 1“ ”

miscmbll. pluvim. (.Ummhms “1 (,m- It iicxi 1.ill \\c lliid oursclycs .\llll I       

so-ciillcd "iiihloiic lit-ids liicrcascg triplillmil‘iltlmIiiiIEhlyH ll’l]\“lllllll“lwflllllilnll OR
More. Protection Ni'i‘ilm ‘l‘i'i'llSiiliIll towards .inyoiic clsi: lie» 0  M  L 
Onc of the big It‘ll-“Mlle ill“ “~‘“'""" ici'sc llizu (llL'll lilo ill'.ll'l'l‘.\ and I     T
ll‘illil SWll‘lH‘il llll‘ll' ll‘mll‘ “mm” you'll lllill the trio» person :1! lilllll. ' H ‘
to lilccckcr is tho: the terrain of gum“... is “mm.” but it “0.” my “[1” [IURCHA5E
Bci'crwyck is too roilin :iiid loo us a lzicklc football loop. or
1
WATCH REPAIRS
SPECIAL STUDENT PRICES 2 PAGKAGES PHILIP MORRIS REGULAR 0R KING SIZE
SAMUEL ERINGER on
   2 PAGKAGES MARLBORO FILTER

‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ' M()NI)AY,APRIL iii, FROM 1130"“

Attention Smokers

 

 

 

lM pliiyci's than ii is for the soccer
playcrs‘.’ Man for man it‘s five or six
limes as great.

The question comes up though
what can we do but talk" With
whom docs llic power of action lic'.’
As things stand now the miuiion of 30";

II”) dill Illllh )i.lll \\l l
_ /, -

the four AMIA olllici‘-. who could
(‘eiilriil .\yenue Near Quail SI.

lllt'lllfll' upproprialioir. lll iii-xi \iur's
I"ri.—Hlil. .\pril lIl—l-I  K  E

budget for thc :ipoi‘!
Time Is Ilipc Now
'l‘llI-I IHI'I'TUM 0|" 'I'III‘I
IHI'I‘TLIC

need for protection greater for the
discount for Students

 

 

 

We strongly lircc :iiid il])||t'.ll to
\oil to act now whcn illc llllll‘l‘l-h
are being rcyicwcd and when llil'l'i‘
is time not llt'.\'i lull \\lll‘l| tm

 

 

 

inonics li:i\‘c liccii .ipproprialcd _ ‘
i. i . \.Il| Johnson — .llk-t'llll (ottcn
What can the rest of do llll .   ; ..
       .. ;?,'.'.l.‘.l?.f.'..'.'.i” 3.9.  DRASTIG iii-:nucTioN T0 AS LITTLE AS
Hll‘lilll“- RH." (illi‘lllh "l “Uh Hm "I I' [all lliilll Ii Iltl liiii

 

Hut liom l pm (‘oiilni
Slur-NIoii.-'I'ucs. .\pri| Krill-I7
.Illl. liiilil-lli'l‘s
lll'll|\ i"oiid.i .lamcs ('.l‘.'.lli‘l
Ill-Illl‘l. “'l’l'lllll'T .\ ('.\l'Hl-I
.l.lll|l‘.‘i I)i';ili

1/3 OF ORIGINAL PRICE
A MUL’I‘I’I‘UIHC (IF BOOKS

COVERING

7 Hour Laundry
and CLEANERS
2.08 QI'AII. H’I‘REE'I‘

Hilllt'l'H — — 151' 1 ~ I m t. “H”

e i, .i ... _ _ . .. | Hull Tom .3 i o
Hull A. lold Wash llll pil l) INN “mum” him Al V] I)!” V ‘ ‘ 7‘ ‘ V “
—._._.___.____..__..._~— —-—-—' ,\loii lucs lroni ti pni  sz  I Y   

 

l.l t i'lilllllli'lt show .II it pro
   \Vl'iiui‘llll. .\pi‘i| Iii-Ill
fill N. Lake .\\'e..

Near Washington Ave
33 HAIHIICRS
We. .\iin To Please

Pl('f\'l('
\t'm llolden liilnllllti lill‘mt‘ll
li'l lli’ .\l‘ (il‘Nl’liill'l‘ PASS
Wed 'lliin's lt‘ii 'roni ii iii) pm.
Sat liom l pm (‘oiitui

CO-OP

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

