  

PAGE 2

New Blood . . .

The opportunity exists now for our leaders in stu-
dent government to begin a drive for more active interest
in our entire system of government. It is the beginning of
a new year, the beginning of a revamped system of gov-
ernment, and the beginning of the college careers of the
largest freshman class in our history.

This drive for interest should begin with this Class of
1960. Rivalry, itself is a uniting force, and enthusiasm
runs high now within the class for its college. We should
protect this enthusiasm from destruction by refusing to
permit it to deteriorate. It must be solidly molded into
consistent support and allegiance to our college.

It is not for us to say that we do not have the interest.
It is for us to say that the opportunity has not been given
for it to grow. We have a student body which is teeming
with potential leaders, persons whom have never been
sought out, and persons whom are not aggressive enough
to declare themselves. Yet, we overlook these unknowns
in favor of the old stand bys. It can not be said that these
individuals have not done good jobs, because generally
their work has been unapproachable. However, let us not
wear their ability thin, let us find ersons of new ideas
and new imaginations. Let us exten government respon-
sibility to create interest. Let us give ourselves more peo-
ple to choose from at election times. so elections become
competitive races, not uncontested victories.

The responsibility to find and draw out these people
lies with each and every one of us, especially with our
present leaders. Let us accept this challenge now, and
let no more be said that apathy and disinterest exist here.

THE Profession . . .

What is a teacher? First of all a teacher is a member
of a profession which is dedicated to the education of the
minds of the youth of our nation. A teacher is one who
seeks to do more than fill students with facts which they
can parrot back. Rather he must try to develop the in-
quiring mind of the student. Help him to see that he
actually knows so little and then introduce him to the
means of broadening his expereiences. A teacher must
help others to help themselves.

A teacher must be more than a leader. he must in-
spire leadership. He must give each student a chance to
prove his leadership abilities. Give the students a chance
to exhibit their own initiative. A poor teacher is one who
thinks a thing can be done well only if he arranges and
plans everything himself.

With this responsibility to students comes a responsi-
bility to self and profession. We at State will be working
under a unique situation. We are working with the people
who will be the source for the perpetuation of our own pro—
fession. When we are out in the field teaching we must en-
courage those who have the capability and interest in our
profession to follow it. We should help our alma mater
to select these prospective teachers. Help the two with
your recommendation and guidance to find each other.

Our Side . . .

This week is National Newspaper Week and we think
it is a good time to tell our side of the story Every Friday
we listen to complaints like “You misspelled my name.”

Sure we make mistakes but so does everyone. We also
work under a time pressure when we write. We spend
every hour between classes at the beginning of the week
trying to find people so that we can get the facts. Then
we try to write the stories before our 11 pm. deadline.
When we get the story all written someone else rushes
in to change the facts. All the time we are writing people
are calling out changes. And did you ever try to make a
headline fit a column? M.M.L.

   

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF I918
. . rip"- 1
First Place CSPA Second Place ACP
VOL. XLI October. 5. 1056 No, 10
Mullilu'l'a oi the NEW}: :d.uII may be I'l'ltflii‘ll Moner and Wednesday from 'i to
ii p in and 'l'uchday from If to ii pm at 'J :ili'iii Ext ll. l‘lIOIltﬂh Lauri-ow willed
Sclilotthuuber 2—9012. Kiiuipl 27IIII70
'l‘fie undergraduate newspaper oi the New You: Stati- Colin-gr ioi 'l'I-arhcrn.
published every Friday of the (.‘oimzz. will 0-. Iii.‘ NEWS lioaio for [llt‘ Student
Association

MARCIA LAWRENCE

KEITH YANIHIII - -
MARY ANN SCI".O’I"I‘IM|'III’.R -
JOYCE MI‘.Y‘3“M:L\I\ - -
MARIE DI'.“I"I'.\|ER - -
Jﬂi-‘I’I'Il S'IAIN’K - - -
ARTHUR I'IAITNIK - - - - Feature Editor
ROBERT KAMI'F - ~ " ~ - v — - ~ ‘ - b'ports Editor
JOSEPH HWIERZOWHKI - - - - v - Consultant Sports Editor
JOHN “LINLNH - ~ ' - - - - Associate Feature Editor
WILLARD GILLETTE - - - - - - - stall micrograph“
All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
wtn be Wuhpcia on topical 'f'bc STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications. as such expressions do not
necessarily reflect Its views.

 

- ~ Editor-in-Cliief

’ Public Relations Editor
Business AdIerlisirix Manager
Circulation Editor

Associate Editor

Associate Editor

 

By ART PALAZZOLO

STRAND
Attack I

the Battle of the Bulge. To my

knowledge this is the first war :

movie that the army refused to as-
sist in making. It seems the army
was disturbed with some of the
characterizations. namely that of an
officer exhibiting cowardness in
the face of the enemy. In army jar-
gon, this is certainly not “conduct
befitting an officer." Well, it was
made anyway. Perhaps as the ad-
men claim, it is a different war
movie.
PALACE

Lisbon with Ray Milland. Mau-
reen O’Hara. Claude Raines, and
Yvonne Forneaux. In Naturama
(whatever that is) and Trucolor.
The usual cloak and dagger theme.
See one and you've seen them all.
Also showing is Bigger Than Life
with James Mason and Barbara
Rush.
DELAWARE

The Proud and the Beautiful with
Michele Morgan and Gerard Filipe.
It's a French movie made in Mex-
ico with English subtitles. This is
one of those pictures where the
male lead. looking deep into a lush
chick's eyes. whispers a. 15 minute
oration in French. Translation in
subtitle: "What's new?"
MADISON

Pardners with Dean Martin and
Jerry Lewis. In the first 5 minutes
of the picture. Martin and Lewis
achieve probably their fuimlest
scene-a rioteous iampoon of west-
erns. The second feature is Slightly
Scarlet with John Payne.

Grimm

To the Editor:

Your "7:15" editorial on Student
Council gives an absolutely false
impression of what happened at
Council during the election of dele-
gates to the various organizations.
Council elected 3 Seniors, 3 Juniors,
and-3 Sophomores to I.C.A. We
also elected the co-chairman for
All State Night. There were 9 Sen-
iors. 6 Juniors and 9 Sophomores
nominated for I.C.A. and 7 Juniors
were nominated for All State Night
Co-Chalrman.

I ask the writer of the editorial
to answer the following questions:

1. Give the name of one nominee
who was not discussed by at
least two persons.

Give me the name of at least

one catagory lI.C.A. Sr. Repre-

sentative, I.C.A. Jr. Representa-
tive or etci where there were-

n't at least two nominations

from the floor.

. Give me at least one category
where a rcvote was not neces—
sary in order to make the final
selection
4. Who are you to criticize the

visitors in Council? Council be-
longs to all State College Stu-
dents, hence each and every
student has the right to be
recognized by the Chair. On
the monopoly point you should
criticize those who do not take
part instead of those who do.

As chairman of the Nominations
Committee out of Student Council,
I feel that your editorial can not go
unchallenged.

 

 

5°

to

John Yagcr '59
To the Editor: V

in reference to the rousing urti-
cle in the News last week. I find
that I must agree with the Tribune's
('uile‘illllit'JOIi of SUNY as if "paper
organization." 1 think that here is
one of the basic reasons for the
apathy that has bccii prcvult'lil at
State for the past few years.

I do not think the cause oi this
apathy lics primarily Wltll‘lrlit.‘ stu-
dents at State. I think it is an ill-
inosphcrc which iiicVitaldy over-
povvcrs cacti new class and winch
htf'lilb‘ from the Illi'L that Albany
State exists unnoticed. as does thc
whole of SUNY throughout the na-
tion. or even the eastern seaboard.
which fact emphasizes the little or
no prestige we carry with our name.
However. isn‘t this as much a fault
of our sister and brother colleges as
it is of ours? What are they doing
about this?

We at State know as little about
our twenty-seven member colleges
as the “outside world" know about
SUNY. Therefore. before we, as

(Continued on Page I,, (i'olumns/

With Jack Palance and 3 '
Eddie Albert. This is a movie about *

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 5. 1956

['KWKW If

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“There is nothing new. and there’s nothing true and it don’t signify."
Cornish Proverb

VERBAL BOUQUETS
Many of the above mentioned we deem are due to those in this
column. who last week jibed the Press Bureau and State College tra-
ditions. Editor‘s note——the same issue carried editorial comment on Press
Bureau and Myskania‘s decision for a watchdog committee on tradition.
Conceit is God's gift to little men!

EXEMPLARY

Last week's legislative assembly was exemplary of nothing ultimate.
Our convocation system is neither completely representative. nor is it of
the Town Meeting variety

With increased enrollment. to be the Town Meeting type. which in
our estimation it should be, a larger assembly ball will have to be pro-
vided for. Albany High School's auditorium would fit the bill adequately.
This idea was investigated a while ago—nothing was done.
I The more time spent in giving different schemes a try is only more
time spent in making our convocation problem obvious. Also more time
to forget what assemblies used to be like.

ROARING START

For the anxious throng breathlessly awaiting the first soccer game—
a news ﬂash! The ﬁrst soccer game of the season is Saturday against
Geneseo. The games are played in the afternoon at Bleecker stadium.
located on the indirect route to Hawley library.

The band Imusicali of supporters from Gencseo, who rumor has it
will be at the game. might be persuaded to stay for some State formal.
Big Bands. remember? It should be most gratifying to see a big band
of State students at the game—Need we say more?

BEDLAM

At the stroke of noon the aforementioned breaks loose in our bois-
terous Black Hole of Calcutta or should we say State. What we're
subtly ? referring to is our cafeteria?

.For those who haven't had the pleasure of fighting the masses in a
futile atempt to go to class or stave off starvation, we suggest choosing
up sides and making it an intramural sport. Tackle, anyone?

()MINOUS SILENCE

For IWlIOIIl the Bells Toll. With all the modern innovations. including
electronic wonders like TV the sumptuous ediﬁce, Richardson Extension
Annex. lacks only a minor detail. They have failed to provide for
penetrating the intellectual realms of the faculty.

Why not something unique like bells to signal the end of classes?

SOMETHING i'EW

'Plaudits to thosewho have provided us with the calendar of the
daysevenis posted With the SIS list. This facilitates picking a substi-
tute for evening study.

Speaking of signs. how about the gtrn stating "No sport shorts or
slacks allowed. A fond reminder to those who spent their summer in
the library at NYSCT?

EXEMI'LARY II
‘How many of the "iii" listening to the disciusion on Camp Apathy,
or is it Dippikill. at last vvick's convocation, have worked thci'c?

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. OCTOBER 5

10:00 am. Studcnt (.‘onvocation featuring l.)cbatc Clinlli-ngc. l’nkl' “H”
7.00 pm. Soiority (ipcn Houses for li‘t‘Slllllt‘ll Willlii‘ll

8.00 |).lll. (lillillllil Kappa Phi Open House for Siafcsincn, 287 Wc:.fci'ii
AH'filic

l’hi licltu (ipcii House for Sliitcsnicn, 'J'lii Wi‘hli‘l'li Ail-nui-

 

ll 00 pill.

HA'I'I'RIIAY, ()("l‘UIiI‘IlI ii
10:00 am. Woincn’s lfivulry Softball (iainc lollovvcd by Mcn'» Holllmll
(lainc. Dorni Field.

SI'NDAY. ()(T'l‘Oltl'lR 7

2:00 pni Alpha l‘l Alpha ()pcn lloiisc for Statesmcn. 701') Madison
Ali‘lllli'

Chi Sigtnti 'i‘hetii ()pcii llol'sc for Stutcsnicii, iifrl Western
Avenue.

l’li‘l'(.'t‘ llall Open llousc for Statcsincii. 221 illititi'lO Strch
Lutheran h‘tudcnt Association ltcccption at St. John's Church.
100 C(‘lill‘ill Avenue.

0' 00 pin. Canterbury (,‘lub Dinner. Cathedral (.iiiild lioiise.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 8

7:00 p.111. Activnles Week begins.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9

10:00 am. Freshman Orientation Meetings.

10.00 am. Sophomore Class Meeting, Draper 349.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10

4:00 pm. Mu Lambda Alpha Meeting.

3 00 p ill.

15 00 pm
i) 00 pin.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 5. 1956

PAGE 3

 

Did You Hear This One Before? Myskonia Slates Dippildll Pond Dominates Scene

Well, It Has A PUNCH Line Warning Rules At Newly Acq

By ART PLOTNIK

Sniff.
Unhealthy place. this school.

An unusual number of people have
head colds and I know why. I pass
the tennis courts on my way to
school, and I see yellow girls and
purple boys shivering in the murky,
misty morning. I also see people
shivering in classes and coughing
to their neighbor because they are
afraid to go home. If they go home
they will miss classes, stay up late
trying to catch up. lower their re-
sistance. and catch a cold. which
as everybody knows. is contagious.

Smash. also.
Unsafe place as well.

A State student comes home from
an honest night‘s work. and gets his
nose smashed by the local hood re—
serve corps. It made headlines in
the local papers last week . . .
thought you might like to know
about it. Some student also has a
cold. Poor kid.

State's OK.

The school has a way to combat

Traditional Sl<ii
Begins Campus
Fund Appeal

The Campus Chest drive begins
next Friday in convocation with
the traditional skit. Its theme will
be. “Students Helping Students.”
which fits in with the goals of our
beneficiary organizations, This year,
a goal of $1,500 is anticipated. an
amount never reached before.

Last Monday the Campus Chest
Committee played host to Miss Kay
Wallace. a representative from
World University Sewice. This
group receives forty per cent of the
money donated.

Mr. Julian K. Robinson from the
National Scholarship Service and
Fund for Negro Students was also
present to explain his organization.
The two dclelg‘atcs helped with an
intensive discuss‘ion through which
those present learned a great deal
about the distribution oi the funds.
The NSSFNS will receive twenty
per cent of the money.

Along with the above two lcvcis
at which the money is allocated.
iiilci'iintional and llitl.l(illlfi. icn pci
ccnl of thc money goes to the local
Albany Community Clicst. An iii-
(lividual grant will bc given to
Athens Uliivcl'sll)‘ in Athens. (ircicc.

Activities Weak . . .

’(‘ilillllllll if from Pug/r f. ('olumn .i‘t

Athletic Association. Association of
Men's lntrainui'al Allilciics. Outing
Club and thi- (.‘oniniutcrs Cliib. will
Welcome frcshnicn in Brubnchcr
lovici' lounge.

\‘t'cdncsday Night

The Departmental Organizations:
Pan Amigos, Psychology Chili. Bi-
ology Club. American Chemical So-
ciety in the upper lounge from if
pin. and Commerce Club. Distribu-
tivc Education Club. Society of
Critical 'l‘hought. and tllI‘ Interna-
lional Fllni (ironp in thc lo\\'l'i'
lounge from if to 9 [).lll, will wcl-
comc freshmen.

’I'hui'sday Night

The Religious Clubs Ncwiiinn
Club, Student. ()lii'lraliiiii Amhiit'liiIlOll.
Lutheran (iroup. and lliilci, in thc
iippci' loungc from 7 to if pm, and
(.‘hristizin Scicncc, Canterbury Club.
and inter-Varsity Clil'lhllttli Fellow-
hill]; in thelowcr lounge from 7 to
if p.ni. Will Welcome i'rcshiiicn.

I'I‘ltlay Night

The annual ActiVitics Week Skit
presented by the Sophomore Class
and directed by John Yuger ‘59. will
commence at 7:30 pm. in Page Hall.
Follownig the skit will be the ban—
ner presentation to the Class of
1960, a bonfire on Page Field. ii
Snake Dance to Brubucher and it
dance in Briibacher Dining Hall.
These events will occur in the
iibove~inciitloned order.

colds and smashed noses, and it's
also a camp. Go there; work there;
full Weekend with no hoods to speak
of and plenty of fresh air and exer-
cise; free food. I understand
they're building a water tower this
weekend, and every red - blooded
American should have an instinctive
urge to build water towers. Water
towers remind me of running noses,
which makes me sorry that I started
this article with colds. because I
wanted to bring attention to the
need for workers at the camp. This
is what happens when one rambles
and such is life.

The point of this whole mess is
that you should go to the Student
Personnel office and ask eampish
questions. That’s how you learn.
Forget colds and broken noses. I'm
really sorry I ever mentioned them.
Get out of here and go to camp . . .
please.

Music Groups
Seek Participants

Karl Peterson. Associate Profes-
sor of Music. encourages students
interested in vocal music to come
out for any one or more of the vocal
groups at State.

The Collegiate Singers mixed
group is composed of about 60 mem-
bers and needs especially tenors and
basses. Anyone who wants to sing
in this mixed chorus may come to
Room 390 in Richardson annex at
12 am. on Monday. There is no
try-out system for this group. The
Collegiate Singers are preparing for
their Christmas concert and plan
television engagements in the fu-
ture.

OII Tuesday at 7:30 p.m., there
will be try-outs in Room 390 for the
Statesmen, a select men‘s group.
They are planning a program for
St. John’s Lutheran Church on Oc-
tober 23. They will also sing for two
memorial services at the Elks Club
in Albany and Watervliet.

Charles Stokes. Professor of Mn—
sic. announces that instruments are
available for students in both the
orchestra and the hand. These or-
ganizations are starting to work on
their program for Homecoming
weekend and the Christmas convo-
cation. Strings are needed in the
orchestra. which meets on Tuesday.
3 pin. The band meets on Tlllll‘S-

. day. 3 pin. Both groups are held

in Room 390.

 

"Stormy Story"

You think the weather has
been pretty nice, don't you.
i'rcslnnan‘.’ Wait another wock.
It should be then that the mon-
soon season will be in full swing.
and each day will begin with
your awakening to the patter of
raindrops upon your broken
window pain.

Our advice to you is to pur-
chase ti gondola now before the
retail price fluctuates and you
are forced to buy one at an ex~
oi-bltitnt fee. You will find that
gonilolas have a decided advan-
tage over canoes and rowboats.
which because of their small
size, are sometimes drawn into
the trciu'herous whirl pools of
the sewer system.

There are timcs, of course.
when it doesn't rain. It snows
too, and it gets cold. ’I‘hat's
usually after It rains and it
affords splendid times to those
who desire a skate around Dorm
Field on their double runners.

Mary Fitzpatrick

 

 

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave.,
Near Washington Ave.
3 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

Myskania made the following de-
cisions at its meeting Tuesday
night, states Sara Jane Duffy ’57.
Chairman of Myskania;

1) Any freshman that does not
have a beanie to wear must submit
a letter to the Chairman of Wam-
ings, Barbara Hungerford '57, for
permission to wear a class ribbon.

2) Any freshman wishing to ap-
peal a warning he feels is unwar-
ranted and who can present just
cause for its appeal must contact
the Chairman of Warnings.

The request for an appeal must
be in writing to the Chairman of
Warnings. The appeal will be con-
sidered in a Myskania meeting with
the two parties involved. namely
the violator and the Sophomore who
gave the warning. being present.

Both parties will be contacted
about the time this appeal will be
heard and both will be expected to
be present.

3) It is requested that freshmen
not wear beanles in class or in the
library.

Concerning gym classes. freshmen
must wear their beanies to and
from class. but not necesarily while
under class instruction.

4) It is ruled that any candidate
ruunning in any election within the
Student Association of NYSCT must
check the offices for which he is
running with the Activities Class-
ification Plan in the College Hand-
book.

If any of the offices for which
a person is running would cause a
conflict if he were elected. he must
make a. choice before the election.

If there is a conflict between the
offices. (one held. one for which he
is a candidate) he must either re-
sign from the office presently held
or decline the nomination and re-
move himself from the ballot be-
fore Election Convocation.

5; If a person is running in two
elections at the same time (exam-
ple: Student Association Student
Council, Class Student Council) he
must submit a preference blank in-
dicating his preference of office to
Myskania before the election. If
any candidate fails to submit this
preference blank. he is automatic-
ally disqualified from the election
and his name will be removed from
both ballots. This applies to the Oc-
tober 12 replacement elections.

Myskanin announces the appoint-
ment of the chairman for the fol—
lowing rivalry events from the
Class of 1960: She Director. Edythe
Ryder. Women‘s L‘occei‘. Catherine
Antonuccl; Mcn’s Football. Owen
Davis; and Skit Director. Donald
Jackson.

New Faculty M

  

.1.

 

uirecl Campsite

  

Above, members of a weekend work party take time out to relax at
the college camp.

College Camp . . .

(Continued from Page 1, Column 1;)
to the site take a raincoat and
flashlight.

Weekends Continue

Work parties will continue until
the weather forces suspension of
work for the winter. Until then.
groups will leave Brubacher Hall
each Friday at 5 p.m., and return
Sunday at approximately the same
hour.

The picture above is a view of
the pond located entirely within the
boundaries of the camp. The pond
is one-half mile long and three-
eighths of a mile in width. A nat-
ural horseshoe shaped ridge sur-
rounds the pond, with the open end
facing the Hudson River.

Editor Asks Students
To Verify Name List

Students are requested to check
the lists of names and addresses for
the State College Directory during
the coming week. according to
Clarice Coleman '57. Editor-in-
Chiei'. The lists are posted in Low: ‘
Husted Hall and on the Student
Council Bulletin Board.

.1

The Directory. which is published
each fall. will contain the names
and addresses of all students. Stu—
dents must verify the information
concerning them in order to assure
accuracy in the Directory.

embers Offer

Varied Teaching Backgrounds

Six new incitibcrs have been ap-
poliitcd to teaching positions at
State for the coming year. an-
nounces Dr. Evan R. Collins. Presi—
dent. of the College. The English
Department receives five new incin-
bcrs and the Psychology Depart-
ment rccelvcs one.

Appointed to the Psychology De-
partment to Norman (ii'cerii’eld. As—
sistant Professor. a veteran of World
War II. (ireeni'cld holds degrees
from Syracuse University and is now
completing his doctorate at the
University of Massachusetts.

The live appoiiifiiiciifs lo the Elig-
lish department are as follows:
William Diimbieton. Assistant Pro-
fcssor, who received his BA and MA
at Albany State. returns after
studying one year at the University
of Pennsylvania. James Leonard.
Assistant Professor. who received
his AB from Western Maryland
College and his MA from the Uni-
vcrsity of North Carolina I’l'heatrei.

has previously taught at Alfred
University. Leonard is now in ii
doctoral program in speech at Cor—
nell. Thomas II. Littlcfield, Assist-
ant Professor. who rcceivcd his AB
from Dartmouth and his MA from
Harvard. has previously tiurtlit at
Reiissclacr Polytechnic In stitutc.
Littlcficld. a member of Phi Beta
Kappa and winner of it Ford Fcl-
lowship. is it candidate for PhD at
Columbia University. Samuel Y. O.
I’richiu'd Jr., Assistant Professor.
who received his BA and MA at the
University of Rediands. has |il'('\'l-
ously taught at Lehlgh University.
Prichard is new writing his PhD
thesis in Public Address for Univer-
sity of Iowa llarry Staley, Assistant
Professor. who received his AB at
St. John’s University, Brooklyn. and
his MA at the University of Penn-
sylvania. has previously taught at
Loyola College, Stulcy has pusscd
Phi) generals at thc University of
Pennsylvania.

 

THE ELITE MEET
HEAR MUS
GOOD FOOD. TOO,

IC WITH A BEAT,

THE SNACK BAR AT BRU.

Chairman Posts

Rivalry Plans:
Debate, Softball

Joseph Anderson ’57. Chairman
of Rivalry. announces the following
plans which have been made for
Rivalry.

The traditional Debate challenge
to the freshmen will be made in
assembly today by the Sophomore
class. The Sophomore committee
members are: John Yager, Corrine
Marro and Carolynn Olivio. Priscilla
Herbst will direct the class of 1960's
debate. The freshmen will have the
privilege of choosing the affirma-
tive or negative side of the question;
the debate topic was chosen by the
Sophomores. The actual debate will
take place on Friday. October 19,
in assembly.

Rivalry Games Tomorrow

The first event of Rivalry will be
men’s and women's softball games.
These will take place on Dorm
field.

The Women's Rivalry Softball
game will be played tomorrow at 10
ll.lll. It will be a five inning game,
two points will be awarded the win-
ning team. Winifred Youngs has
been chosen to direct the Sopho-
more team. while Doiiiin Lce Harris
will direct the freshmen.

John Ormsbee and Thomas Sulli-
van will captain Sophomoic Men's
Rivalry Softball team. The fresh-
man Learn will be headed by Robert
Battaly. The seven inning game will
immediately follow the women's
game. Two points are to be allotted
the winners.

Umpires for both men's and
women's games will be appointed by
the Association of Men‘s Intra-
mural Athletics iAMIAi. and We-
men’s Athletic Association (WAAI.
Myskania Judges

The combined chcering for both
games will count one point. Mem-
bers of Myskania will judge the
cheering for the softball games.

—COLONIAL-

(‘entral Avenue Near Quail St.
lv‘rl.—Sat. Oct. 5-6
I DAN DAILEY lll
MEET ME IN LAS VEGAS
and
EARTH VERSUS ’I‘IIE
FLYING SAUCERS
Fri. from 0: 30 p.111.
Sat. from I pin contiii.

 

 

Sum-Mon. Oct. 7—8
DANA ANDREWS iii
COMANCIIE
and
Alan Ludd and June Allison

McCON N ELL STORY

 

'l‘ues.-Wed.-'I‘iiurs. ()et. 9-10-11
ROBERT TAYLOR in
D DAY,
THE 6TH OF JUNE
and
Jack Lenanou and Janet Leigh

MY SISTER EILEEN

 

 

 

