 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 21.

College Acquires Halls On Western Avenue,-

PAGE 6

Freshmen Learn State’s Secrets

 

1956

Ellen C. Stokes. Dean of Women.

During Weekend OI Damp Fun Construction To Begin Soon On New Dormitory

By MARIE DETTMER and JOSEPH SZAREK

The Class of 1960 informally met and driving rain when they step-
srme of their classmates, upper— ped off the buses at Camp Orinsek-
classmen. and faculty at their re- wa~Sonnikwa on Warner Lake. The
spectlve frosh camps last weekend. heavenly water did stop long enough

Clouds of yellow descended on for a few of the scheduled athletic
Bru last Friday in all shapes. forms. eients to go off as planned, but in
and sizes as the girls of the Class of the long run the rain won out.
1960 joined the ranks of Albany however. you can read more about
Staters. Each girl. all 273. was these events elsewhere in this is—

‘. s e wa to her abode for the 51's.
:Ldkiiﬁl aby ythe bouncing bellhops Along more intellectual lines. one
in red. blue. and green. cf the highlights of the weekend
Frosh Frolic rroved to he the traditional cabin

Until old man weather :‘ecided to "kits. With characterizatim'is rang-
interrupt. everyone was engaged in an: fiom Elvis Presley to PreSident
sports on Dorm field. Then it was Eisenhower, the fresh snowed theli
sing. sing. sing you fl‘OSh. Evening ability to handle qtiite well’ the
found all of us arranged comfort- "SCI‘IOUS' drama. Cups were award-
ably in the lower lounge for the ed to the top three presentations.
faculty show. It was soon ascer- State (‘ollege Confidential I
tained that the fresh do have fine thbers of the faculty and ad-
htads when they el.minated all the ministration were on hand to gieet
faculty in the mumcal hat contest. the frosh campers. Several short
Next .came the surprise of the talks gave the ' incoming college
weekend—the dance contest—and it generation some idea as to what to
was go. man. go as the top dancers txpect when they _reaclied U State.
ccmpeted for the lollipops. The first What the faculty didnt ictLdl, the
day was climaxed by the traditional counselors did.

candlelight service and marshmal- From our view. the weekend was
low roast a success; we feel Joe Andeison.

C ‘ his staff. and his counselors de-

LoSl'ziltsuiEifi‘yv'aI-Tnormng all tumbled same the highest praise for thleir

out of bed for another event-packed work. InCidentally. Joe ieceived 115

day. Roaring games of volleyball award—the traditional dunking 

and baseball .vcre held between the the cold. cold waters of Wainti

frosh and counselors. Extra-curricu- Lake.

lar and atadiinic discussions filled

the bill for tlte rest of the morning L - f

and afternoon. The counselors‘ and   5

fresh skit were the events iof the

evenine. The i'i'osh displayec sortie o

fine taclent. so beware Sophs.  
Women's Frosh Camp was a main.

velous success and our hats are oft Thomas R. Gibson P10118550]. 0f

tc Marilyn Desamu' her “Ulcers Safety and Health Education aii-

Hm the COUHSBIOI'S‘ nounccs that there are several va-

wet welcome . tancies in the driver training and
unlike the female members In the driver training instructor courses.

Students who dcsire to learn how

to drive should attend the driver

training class Il-iciilth Zli Monday

from 3 to 4:30 pm. in Draper 146.

Players Incorporated
To Stage Play! Here Students may attend. although
they have not previously registcrcd

Barbara Hungerford ‘57. President m. the course.
or Dmmacics and Arts C-OUDPUI an- Thosc students iiitcrcstcd in the
nmmce‘ithab thencomfc.“  31:”; driver training instructor COUi‘nL
TEEEEVli‘S-ipﬁﬁxiéﬁzghggdAeumn should contact Mr. Gibsoii. Seniors
The Players will present these plays filoaiﬂgﬂ’b{SEVENIblgzidzghc93%;?
Sigenggwllﬁii  by] pligééﬁtefdili Interested students are requested to
2:30 p).m. and the curtain goes ill) apply for the coursicpy the end oi
on “Charlie‘s Aunt" at 8:30 p.111. “1011' 509110111016 3041.. I I.

Your student tax card will admit According to the Instructoi. then.
you to one of these productions. are many openings in high schools
Further information in regard to throughout the state 101 driving
these plays will be available in the instructors} both full .and Wit-l
forthcoming editions of The State lune. Salaries for several of thcsi,
College News. opt'iilllg‘s >i‘angc‘ ll‘tml ioiii' thous-
Class of ’60. the male Ycllowjiickcts and to forty-six hundred dollaic
were whisked away by stiff winds a year.

 

 

by Chester Field

 

IT’S FOR REAL!

 

 

 

“To catch a man," said Violcttc
“The wisest gals play hard to get!"
To seem remote and quite aloof
She sat six years upon the roof.

“It doesn’t seem to work." she said
And so she clohhcrcd them instead.

She shrugged. “I do the host I can
Unconscious or not. a Iiio/i is a man.

ﬁt

  
 

ll

ﬂue/I I

     

MOIALi Faint pleasure ain't. olcasurc!
In smoking too, take your pl .asiirc 13H}.
Smoke for real . . . smoiie Chesterfield.
Packed more smoothly by Auto-Roy

 

 

it's the smoothest tasting wooke today.

East House labovcl and West Iloiisc ibelowl.

Western Avenue accommodate forty-six women.

 

n L‘\\’

dormitories on

 

and David Hartley. Dean of Men.
announce that two dorms have been
acquired to house State College
women.

East House is situated at 358 Wes~
tern Avenue and West Hall at 366
Western. Each dorm will accom-
modate 23 women. with dining
facilities in West Hall. Arden
Kohcn. a graduate student. is the
counselor for both dorms. She is
residing in East Hall.

Gaininia Kappa Phi Sorority has
secured temporary housing at 287
and 29l Western Avenue. Twelve
girls will be living in the house at
287 Western while 291 will accom-
inodatc four girls and the dining
hall. Gamma Kap's previous house
iii 293 Western will be torn down to
make way for the new dormitory
which will complete the quadrangle
now consisting of Pierce. Brubiich-
or. and Siiyles Halls. Evan R. Col-
lins. President of the College. has
annotmced that they expect to be-
gin construction on this new dormi-
tory within three weeks.

Yellowjackets Begin
Organization OI Class

In Page Hall Tuesday at 10 am.
the frcshincn wiill meet for their
first orientation class. Ellen C.
Stokes. Dean of Women. and Da-
vid Hartley. Dean oi Men. will both
iICl(il'(‘SS the Class of 1960.

The class guardians. Barbara
Hungcrford and Dominic DcCccco
Seniors. will also be present to begin
organizing the class in prepara-
tion for their various class activi-
ties and rivalry cvvnis. The first
social undertaking of the freshmen
will be their BlHilllL‘ Ball. This is
;i dinicc which i:: t'xclu..i'.'('ly for thc
i'rt‘shnicn.

T he Mayflower

209 CENTRAL AVENUE

with an eye to your food & your budget

GRILLED IIAMRUROER ON TOASTED ROLL ................................. ..25c
GRILLED CIIEESEEUROER ON TOAS'I‘ED ROLI. ..................... ..35c
GRILLED FRANKFURTER ON TOASTED ROLL ...................... ..200
GRILLED (.‘IIEESE ..................................................................... ..25c
(.‘IIICKEN SALAD ..................................................................... ..35c

TUNA FISII SALAD . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . .. , . . _ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . ..35c

EGO SALAD ................................................ ..306

FRIED EGO ....... .. . .............................. ..20c

IIOT I’ASTRAMI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . , . , . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..50c
SLI(‘ED TURKEY . , . . . . . . . . . . . .. ..600
FRESII SIIRIMI’ SALAD  Hsoc
(‘ORNED REEF ..500
ROAST REEF . ...... ., ..SOC

BAKED IIAM . . . . . . . . . . . .. ..50c
BOLOGNA ..... .. 350

SALAMI ..35c

FRIED IlAill ,..45c

GRILLED (‘llIlE STEAK and FRF..'(‘II FRIES . . . . . .. .556
..20c

SIDE ORDER OF FRENCH FRIES or SALADS

()mclettes & Hot Sandwiches Our Specialty

TRY OUR DELICIOUS I‘IES AND (‘AKES

.t.
2-
i;
iii~
r
2.

 

  
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

State College News

 

 

 

2-461

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 5. 1956

VOL. XLI NO. 15

 

Soccer Team Opens Season Tomorrow Afternoon;

Garciamen

I

|
l
i
i

I

i.)

m (-
ﬁgs. S
. _ x

Seek Revenge

 
 
  

ﬁzz; :

SET FOR OPENER. Coach Joseph Garcia and his soccer
I I squad pose for a grou shot before ettin
down to a rugged workout in preparation for their opener tomorrow. Pictured iiboiTe are, standing, left

to right: Chuck Fowler, Manager. Paul Dammer, Tito Guglielmone.

Raymond Castillo. Donald Makeley

and Kenneth Kadet. Kneeling: Gordon lazaroﬂ‘ Joseph Hicke
_ I _ i , y, David Call. Edward Jones. Alfr d -
man. William Bonesteel, Everett Weiermiller, Wendell Fowler. Louis Delsignore. Warren Dunhamﬁ L‘laT'den

Maxson. Sitting: Kenneth Flores, team mascot.

Convocation Meets In Page Hall; Organizations

Features Rally And Soccer Team

The third convocation of the Stu- cause a complete register of stu-
dent Association will meet this dent-teachers was not available
morning at 10 am. in Page Hall. when the original list was composed.
At this time. the Sophomore class Seniors are urged to check this new
will hurl the traditional debate list. which will be posted in several
challenge to the freshman class. Fol- areas throughout the college.
lowing this. a representative of the
Association of Men's Intra-inural Convocation AttendanCe
Athletics will present the AMlA Last week. a total of 755 students
Sportsmanship Awards. A thirty attended the compulsory convoca-
inch trophy will be presented to the tion. The following is a class break-
team displaying the greatest amount down of that total. The first num-
of sportsmanship in any sport last ber indicates the number in at~
year. A second award will be pi'e- tendance. and the second. the
sented to the athlete who partici- number who have seats: Seniors 34.
pated in the greatest number of 100; Juniors. 169. 200; Sophomores.
athletic events. 148. 200; freshmen, 404. 450.
Students Greet Soccer Team

Joseph Garcia, Assistant Profes-
sor of Physical Education and soc- D G k
cer coach. will introduce niembcrs   S
of the 1956 squad and speak on the
team‘s background. The college  D
checrleadcrs. under the direction of  
Beverly W lain ‘57. will lead ii pcp . I . . _ n
“my my 3310 Squad. All [his time. Alphii Pi Alpha. Llii bima llicta
the new school fight song Will be “"d Pmu’ H11“ “l't' lulldlll‘: Opcn
introduced to Strident Association. HUlth this Sunday. (lamina Kappa
The 5011i; was \VI'ML‘“ ll)‘ Jiu-‘k Eula Phi and Phi Delta are holding Opcii
Lciiorc Hiig‘lics. and James Lock- Houses for Statesnicii tonight.
hart. Seniors.

A” Frﬁhlllen To Have Seats 1 Alpha Pi Alpha'rs Open Housc will

All frcshincn must attend the next 5:113:31“ inﬁll” :11)'II.17'(3,.:H 311.9 11.1.“-
legisliitivc convocation, according to Awnu‘l. “Hummus 000;... M‘u.lwn
Marilyn Lunch '58. Chairman of thc lr ' x .'  x .' PL “why

V . o7. (itiiciiil Chaiinian ol the event.
Coiivocntions Cominitttc Mcnibcrs E..(.n.0m. '5 “Wm” The Fruwlnm,
ol Llu‘ (‘11le 01 196“ Wh” “W0 “"L house has undergone cxtciisivc ic-
bccn viii-used. or who were not as- “MM”... 51m... 11m JUNO
signed seals. will hich tlicin bv iicxt a A '
Friday. Chi Sigma 'l‘hctii Sorority is hav-
ing an (ipcn House for Siiilcsini-n
on Sunday. from If until :i 11.1”
(it'llt‘l'ill (‘liiiii'niiiii ioi' lhi- cvi-iit
will Dl‘ Hiicila Lister 'n7. Vli'i‘ Pl'i‘hh
dciii. 'l‘lic Sorority liousi- is located
ill .'i:’)~i Wcstcrii Avi-iiuc

A new list oi Sciuoi's who must
attcnd conVoi-iiiioiis will bc postcd
iicxt wcck. This is iii-i-c~.~.il;ili-ll bc—

[News] Board Elects
Two New Members

The State ('ollegc News lloard
f‘ll‘t'li‘ll iii ihcir last Sunday i-vciiiiig “m b“ “W”
iiiccliiii! lwir l'('[)liil'l'llll‘lll.hn1.0.Nilzi1’5 Thu.“ “.1” b“ an Open House 1%
Bol'm' “MI”: Mmm“ L‘z‘w'mu‘"  Stiitcsnicii tonight from if to Him
Editor and Cliiiiiriiiiii ol the lloiiid. pm" at we Pm Dell“ “0an 2,78

Willi?” K“mil '59. W115 “WW” W Western Avenue. iiiiiiiiiiiitirs Joan
the position oi Sports Eilll‘n‘ oi the V“, “WM.” '51 1)....5mmL Gum...“
News. K'dml’ Wil-‘i "IN-3““ L” “1’13"” Cliiiirnuin of the event is Dorothy
Joseph Swicrzowski '57. who was AWN-(1'51
forced to resign lict'illlht‘, of the
Myskaniii ruling concerning the The (lamina Kappa Phi house at
major and minor iictiVity (>liissit'icii- 287 Western Avenue Will be open
Lion. Swu-rzowski was named by the from 8 to 11:30 ]).lll. tonight for
Board to the post of Consultant Staicsnien. announces June Stud-
Sports Editor. icy ’57, President.

Suzanne l.l(‘l)t‘l'ill.‘lll Till. Vll'l’ l’i‘csi—
(ll‘lll. will bc (lciii-i'iil (‘liiiii'niiiii for
l’icrcc ll:iil'.~ ()pcii lliillht‘. which will
Dl‘ from If Hold 5 pm All rooms
for \isitoi's to sec.

Plan Receptions
For Freshmen

Mary Bradley '58. Chaimian of
Activities Week, announces the
schedule of receptions to be held
by college extra—curricular organ-
izations. next week, from 7 to 9
pm. in the upper and lower loungcs
of Brubacher Hall. A short sketch
of the organization will be given
by one of its members at the begin-
ning of the hour designated. Fresh-
men ai'e invited to meet and talk
with the members of the organiza-
tion following the sketch. Refresh-
ments will be served at each rc-
ception.

Previously. only one day has been
allowed for the freshmen to sign
up for the various activities. This
year a week is being set aside to
give the freshmen a better oppor-
tunity to get acquainted with all
the organizations on State’s camp-
us.

Monday Night

The Publication organiwtions:
the l’cdzigogue, State College News,
Press Burciiu and the literary pub—
lications. will welcome freshmen in
Brubiiclicr upper lounge from 7 to
if pin. From 8 to 9 pm. the Serv-
icc Clubs: Campus Commission.
Student Union Board. Red Cross
and Smiles will welcome li'cshnicn
iii Bl'llllilcllt‘l' lower lounge.
Tuesday Night

’l‘hc Dramatic ()rgaiimitions
Draiiiatics and Arts Council. Music
Council, Riltlll) Cilllld. Denali,- Coun—
Hi and Forum. will \\’(‘ll'l)llli‘ iri-sh—
men in ili'ubaclicr lllllll‘l' lounge
from 7 to 8 pm. From ll to 9 pin.
the Aihlctii-Organizations: Worncn’s
lf'fllllllllll if on I’llfjl' .l. l'llflflllll Ii

C’anaacazian
Ngemda

'I‘i'iidltloliul dchiitc challenge by
Sophoriiorcs.

Presentation of the AMIA
Sportsmanship award, and an
award to the individual who
particlpatcd iii the greatest
number of athletic events.

Address by Joseph Garcia, As-
sistant Professor of Physical
Education.

Introduction of the soccer team.

l’ep rally.

Against Geneseo Squad

Captains Bonesteel, Guglielmone

Lead Pack OI Nineteen Peds

By DAVE MILLER.

A favored Geneseo squad will provide the opposition
tomorrow as, the State Booters under the tutelage of
Joseph Garc1a take the field of Bleeker Stadium for a
1 pm. curtain raiser on the 1956 season.

The Feds will be augmented in their uphill climb
from a 2-7-2 record of 1955 by at least one freshman,
Joseph Hickey, and Gordon Lazai‘off who is playing his

first game for State as a Junior.

Leading the kickers to the field
three days after the final pre-sea-

Comp Dippiloll
k _ sopl sginunage held last Wednesday.
Wl captains Tito Gu ii 1
   n U  and William Bonesteel wh%s: 133.3?

‘ tions are listed elsewhere in this
Work continued on the student- issue.
owned Camp Dippikill this past State boote v - '
weekend as three students and three to hustle as ﬁetﬁrﬂﬁﬁagzmpigazg
faculty memb?“ U‘aveled t0 the in the privacy of Bleecker StadiTim
WarI'BHSbUI‘g 5138- showed several promising freshmen
_The ETOUD excavated the area in“ as well as upperclassmen for whom
Slde the foundation of the farm- Garcia has better Uses than bench-

house addition. started work on the warning He made as much mam

foundation for the fireplace. set up
tents on their plathims. and com-
pleted the painting of the farm-
house.
Slx Comprise Work Party

The workers included: Claire
Hampel '58; Robert Levy, David
Champagne, graduate students;
David Hartley. Dean of Men; Hud-
son Winn. Associate Professor of
Biology. and Mrs. Winn.

Students planning a weekend at
the camp are reminded by the Camp
Board there is no cost involved.

in an interview with this reporter
after the hapless hooters repeatedly
lost scoring opportunities due to
their bashfulness in invading the
opposing territory.

This could indicate that Garcia
considers no one’s position secure
as rocking chairs are available for
those Juniors and Seniors who find
the sport too tiring and scorn the
bench. It also indicated the ranks
of the J.V. squad could be depicted
if the coach ran out of varsity reg-
ulars willing to take the play to

They may sign up in the Student their Opponent/'5 goal-
Personnel Office or at the desk Change Brand of Oil
in lower Draper. All food is pro- In the hope that a change of oil
Vided from funds in the $4500 might make his sputtering machine
Camp Board budget. Outing run more smoothly. Garcia took
Club has provided Sleeping bags Paul Danuner from the line and put
for weekend use. and blankets are him on left half where the Fed
available at the camp. Students need stalwart could feed the ball to the
only bring their personal belongings. forward lines. Similar reasoning has
It is suggested that those traveling put Lazaroff in contention for the
(Continued on Page 3, Column 1,) (Contian or. Page 6, Column 5)

Support Our Team ll

1953. That was the year State set a record in soccer.
Our team placed second out of all New York State soccer
teams. out ranked only by the United States Military
Academy at West Point. That same season we had two
gill-{American soccer players and five players ranked All—

a ‘e.

1954. Our record that fall was five wins and three
losses and two ties. And then came last year with two
wms. seven losses and two ties. Yet Coach Garcia claims
that last year we had a potentially greater team than the
year before. This statement is inconsistent with the facts.
_ Two factors seem to account for this tremendous drop
in our record. a lack of team spirit and a lack of school
spirit. Both are equally important for the making of a
winning team. The first deficit has been remedied. We
are quoted as having a team in excellent condition with
the nth degree of optimism.

Pushing against this half-reinforced block we have
Gcncsco. our opposition tomorrow at Bleccker Stadium.
Their coach claims that they can’t be beaten and so far
this season they are undefeated. Their two games this
season against Lc Moync and Buffalo State still see them
victorious. And so judging from what the coaches state.
the teams are an equal match. But Geneseo has a second
half to add to their block. They have a student body be—
hind thcin filled with pride and energy to push their team
to victory. TUITIOl'l'OW they will follow their team to
Blecckcr and show us what the other half consists of.
They have organized a group of students and a pep band
to come and cheer their team on.

We think our “other half” of the team has a greater
potential but it takes each and every student to prove this
fact. Come to Bleecker tomorrow at 1 pm. and help build
the other half of the block. Let’s show our team we are

proud that they are wearing the purple and the gold.

M.M.L.

 

