  

PAGE 2

Basis For Leadership . . .

We have purchased a College Camp. We have spent
$10,000 to buy this camp. Now We need to develop this
camp to make it a place to hold future Frosh camps, week-
end recreation trips and science field trips. It is a venture
for the benefit of all classes.

We at the present time can gain by the personal satis-
faction of having developed the camp, and the phySical
relaxation of working on the grounds. Those who come
after us will enjoy the reward of our work. They Will be
able to use this camp.

About twenty years ago the classes here at State de-
cided that our college needed a Student Union. Therefore.
they decided to tax themselves to raise money 'to build
this Union. That is why we have a Student Union such
as Brubacher today. They started this action and the state
followed it up with the money. These students knew that
they would never have the privilege of using this building
while they were undergraduates. Yet they started this
project for future classes, for us.

Now it is our turn to do something for our college. to
build its facilities and its reputation. This is a personal
challenge to each one of you.

Tomorrow you have an opportunity to see your camp.
Camp Board is constantly making plans for its develop—
ment. They need your support and interest. See the camp
you are going to build for your school. There are cars leav-
ing from Brubacher tomorrow morning at 8 am. for a trip
up to the Warrensburg Camp.

This will give you a chance to see the land and to be-
come familiar with your camp. If you are on the ballot
for an SA office or class office it presupposes that you are
interested in your school. Let's have a practical demonstra-
tion of this interest. If you are elected to be a leader next
year you will need the practical knowledge of the situation
so that you can lead your college in one of its biggest all-
class activities. You have called for school spirit. Tomor-
row get the basic information for one of the biggest projects
for next year.

Your Conscience . . .

Electioneering. politicking. There was much of this
Tuesday night. A few candidates had much to say. Others
looked shocked at the questions they were asked. Obvious—
ly they were unprepared.

The main issues of discussion and questioning were
January to January elections and representative govern-
ment. These were considered to be minor topics last year.
This year they are very important and vital to our college.

Candidates offered January to January elections in
their campaign speeches last year. They have proposed
this in the campaign this year. Student Council candi-
dates came out for or against these important issues men-
tioned above. One thing candidates seem to lack is
initiative to carry through their promises. Make this a
different year. Live up to your words or at least try to,

Members of Student Association. before you go to the
polls today read over the campaign speeches printed in the
paper, consider the past performance of candidates and the
personal character of the candidates. Weigh these factors
and let your conscience help you decide how to vote.

When you, as members of Student Association. coin—
plain about poor leadership next year or gripe about apathy
and Student Council members. don‘t blame the peoplcin
office. you elected them. They will be your leaders. for
good or for bad. It is yom right to try to elect capable
people to be your leaders.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I916

BY THE CLASS OF I9I8

 

First Place ACP
April '27. 1955 Nti 10

First Place CSPA
VOL. XLl

Mitnbcn of fur NEWS staff may be reached I ‘
1| ptii at 2-3326. Ext ll Phones Lawrence 3-.i.i3o.
Schlotthuuber 2-0613. Swterzowsk; 13-0843

The unticritriiduate newspaper of the New
published every Friday of the Collegi- year iii the
Association.

MARCIA LAWRENCE

THOMAS SMITH

AILEEN COCIIIIANE

KEITH YANIHIII » - -

MARY ANN SCHLO'I‘THAI'IIHI

JOYCE MEYEIIMANN - -

MARIE IIETTMIIZII. - - v - -
JOSEPH HZAHEK - - - - - -
JOSEPH SWIEHZOWSK - - - - -
JOHN ﬂl-ilNl-ZRS -
WILLARD GILLETTE

'l’Jv-niii illitl Wctincsdii from I to
Smith 'i-t‘ifi'll. Ynntloh HHJNI‘VJ

’l cachers
St udcnt

‘i’orl; StJ'c College for
NEWS Board for the

(To-Editor»iii-('Iiief
(“o-Editor-ln-(Tlile!

— Executive Editor
I'uhlic Helaiiom Editor
Ilinliiesi Advertising Ildiior
(‘Irculntlon Editor
Aiinucllie EIINOI
Associate Editor

‘ - Sports Editor
- - - - — - « Antu‘lilic Feature l‘ldllur
- - - - - - - Stall Photographer
i should be addressed to the editor and must be signed Names
 (igll’vi/Iilt‘liii‘d‘iill“flit: request The S’I‘A‘l‘i‘.‘ COLLEGE NEWS asstnncs no responsibility
ftii .Jfonti impressed in its columns or (‘Olilillulllf'ill"NH, as such expressions do not

necessarily reflect its view
«we

STATE COLLEG E NEWS.

FRIDAY. APRIL

 

 

By ART PALAZZOLO

Palace

Meet Me in Los Vegas with Cyd
Charisse and Dan Dailey. A color-
ful musical about a snooty French
ballerina who becomes the recipient
of extraordinary luck when holding
hands with Dan Dailey. When these
two get together. oil wells gush.
chickens lay eggs and Dailey cleans
up at the roulette tables. Cyd and
Dan gyrate through a modern ballet
number entitled "Frankie and John-
nie." There‘s a plot to this movie~
but don‘t let that frighten you off.
It unravels itself with no strain on
the audience and ends in a neat
lever‘s knot. The second feature is

Please Murder Me—only don't take

it literally!
Ritz
Victory at Sea. A documentary of

warfare at sea in the Pacific during

World War II. It's a story of real
' :11 real ships. fighting and dy-

-r res? A saber movie of heroic
D...':  s ‘ ' Also showing

‘. T‘ity Curtis.
.'\’l:-. Murphy.
. Marines
and. You‘d
‘ enough

    
     
 
 
 
   

   

   

 

   

. . tinfrriat‘ie
{ilesissiiai sink-turd:
Leland

The Mohawk a.‘.:‘

 

    

 

Delaware

The Ladykillers. .'—.
movie they  '.».;*. 
.lf’lf‘l‘~ Ale
as usual.

Student Discusses
OFF-Campus Life

By BRIT}: KING

Three months ago. ten Seniors
emigrated to Long Island to initiate
State College's first "off-living" off-
cainpus student teaching.

Valley Stream is a densely popu-
lated community lust over the New
York City line in Nassau County.
Except by arbitrary or political sub-
division in this area. one (‘Cnllllll-
nity is continuous with another.
Although originally a suburban resi-
dential community. it is increasing-
l'. a commercial and industrial area.
Valley Streams absorbs many "ref-
ngccs" from Brooklyn and Queens.
and its population is steadily in-
creasing. Its residents. economically
speaking. are upper middle-class.
many of whom commute to New
York City to work.

Five years ago. Valley Stream had
one secondary school. igrades seven
through iw'clvel Valley Stream Cen-
tral Then Memorial Junior High
School. igrades seven through ninef
was built. and this year two new
six year high schools. North and
South. were added. Estimated en-
rollment of the four schools llll>
venr is about 4.000 students. with
prospects of a sharp increase in the
next few years. Most or all of the
schools use homogeneous grouping.
having an extensive guidance pro-
gram and elaborate administrative
structure Euro-class activities are
numerous. ranging from the usual
basketball teams to the evtraordui—
nry RPM's 'liot-i’otl clubsr

Although fulHime counselors art"
willing to interpret material. guid-
ance folders ill the Valley Stream
district are not directly accessible
to the teacher or student teacher.

As close as could be estimated. it
was felt that expenses in Valley
Stream are slightly higher than in
Albany. with considerable individual
variation. It is expected. however.
that costs will decrease as the pro—
gram expands.

Valley Stream apparently has as—
suincd a favorable initial impression

    
 

of our program. On the basis of
whatever comparisons we have
made. it appears that State Col-

lege's. program is significantly su-
perior to flint of other colleges wuh
student teachers iii Valley Stream;
that student teachers from Albany
are better prepared and. profes-
sionally. further advanced than
other student teachers.

We feel that the Valley Stream
experience is the most realistic. iii-
ttgriil. and intensified program. It
more nearly approaches an actual
teaching situation with many home
and community contacts

   

27. 1956

 

ﬁ—S

 faggw (2%:323: \v r
\ ﬂ???) "MP — J
v ‘13“ ,

l

l

L-..“ “3%: hLms’.’ “’3 3' ii» 3
i  l

l

   

 

 

“Watch out how you vote-—l\’o. 2 is a (‘ommunist and No. 4 is on
Dean‘s List."

 

Gammon-Slater

By MONAHAN and KLEINKE

   

You can‘t fool all if the people all of the time.
But around election day you can try.

if STICK (AN HAVE A SEEING-EYE DOG
“3:15 .-‘.:L of wery election campaign lies in the competition. You
' ‘le C‘Ollll)‘3[lll:1 with themselves for ten seats oii Council.
:e'inigz with himself for the office of Crown Prince.
if self conﬁdtncc—you can tell by the way they dc-
' .i ballot. ’lo combat this growing weakness. there
.. .  . we've got to inaugurate ii system of political parties
 :‘:.-' 1'. ;';ll the parties o'it of the shadows anti give them Stillli'
:.t'“-’i‘l‘.(l a few Greer. lettersi Might be great. seeing a real
v.4. _ . . l .3 change.
l\'( Tf‘ it's )Il'SIf‘ i?) HAT}! N0 (‘IIARMS
Pot ‘ -'; heard about the “Rock ‘n‘ Roll Riots" at

     

 

  

Princeton and

 
     
   

‘vfIT‘ ~ the boys have been having fun. State students. nrisc! We
»« . enonch Rock 'n' Roll to develop a little of that sort of
.icn ii. i". mir own right.
STATE S.\RI)INE FACTORY

\‘o'i to can be informed about what's happening at State. All

:i have 'o do is go to things like Election Rallies. Of course. because
of the ii iii -n and the sitting arrangement, you‘ve got. to take a course
‘. Stilt'ill‘i.‘ t”.tlllllllf.j. before you can endure the conditions. .

TIME. AND. WE WILL TELL

In response to popular demand . . .
include ..i lit‘.‘ff week's Common-Stator otir predictions of the election
results In the meantime. anyone wanting to loan us crystal balls. astro-
logical "ll'il'lS. or the like shoull contact us at once.

\‘lI-ZWS FROM ALBANY'S IIEAI)

If you can‘t make it to Warreusburg tomorrow. you might. find it. good
substitute for the Greit Woods at the Student Union Board-Outing ('lnh
coffee hon: The slides and movies of scenes familiar to the Outcrs will
provide bottled nature to complement your cupped coffee.
ox THEIR OWN

An .nci'easing number of Statcrs have begun to consider that giant
step away from dependence. Like little. downy. fledglings. they stand
on the ((l‘i' of the nest and flc.‘~: their untried wings. Then they turn
back. waited at the thought if leaving the warm. sure home. But the
thought 0‘ dorm food. hours. etc. pushes them out to the cold world
where the: look for apartments.

TIMI) \lAIN‘IIES 0N

Next week. the '59 bennics come off the bulletin boards. are pur—
chased out of hock. or somehow gotten back on the heads of otir ncwcst
floss. War 'ein. all of you Gremlins and (lrttnliiics! If the uppcrclnss-
llit'll see .i crcnt many of these badges of courage. it will tell them one
llf.'kll\'| lov about the apathy or uiinpathy of 1959. Wearing the beauties
.i_.im -iio'.Ilt. remind you of last September. and the long. long way you‘ve
come sin"c then. Don‘t pass up your last chalice to kick up your heels
before you become "gay young" yon-know-whnts.

EVERYBODY FOR AN ACTIVITY. AN .-\("l‘l\'l'l'Y FOR [EVERYBODY

Tuesday night: Readings from Literature. Election Rally. WAA vol—
lcvball games; Wednesday night: Student Council meeting. ()runuimtionnl
Mtctmgu. Music Council film; 'I‘hursdny night: Budget Assembly. Ena-
hsh Ftvcnf‘ig. International Film (iroup Flicks. Pitts many good niovic>
around with Plus one or two classes that demand preparations 'f‘licf'l'
fillisl be all answer somewhere.

from two people Inst. we will

 

College Calendar

APRIL 27

Absentee \otmg in Lower Ilusted for those without asscmbli

seats. until 4 ptii

SA Assembly. Page “.1” Voting for those with seats

ii'tlo pin Phi Delta Formal. (ilnss Lnkc Ilotcl

S.\'l‘l'ltI).\Y. APRIL 28

ii (it) ii iii Trip to Wnrrcnsbitr. (‘nmpsitc 'l‘i‘an.~.portntion lemcs l’ni'l-

ridge Street Entrance of llrubnchcr llnll.

Kappa Delta Banquet at ()‘Connor's Restaurant.

Beta Zeta Luncheon. University (‘Iub

Psi (inmmn Banquet. at ()‘(.‘onnor's Restaurant

PM (lamina lintl'ct Supper. Psi (intuiiin lionsc

Sigma Phi Sigma Dinner-Dnncc. ("rookcd Laki-

if (it) pro Psi (inininn Fortiial. Jack‘s Restaurant

SI'NIMY. APRIL 29

Bill) pm. Still Listening flour. in coiiiunctioii with tinting t‘lub. liru—

lincher Lower lAiliill‘t'

(‘hf Sigma Theta liufi‘ct Slipper. lift-i Western Avenue

Movie, "Demetrius and thc Gladiators." Newman llitll. Madi~

son Avenue

’I‘l‘lCSlHY. MAY i

it) (it) n in. Modern l“til'i'litii Language Honorary lt'l‘iiif'l‘lflii’ Mcclliiii. lll'ﬂ-
per 206.

'2 ()0 pm. Pi Gatiiina Mti Mt't'illii;. Richardson 20A.

’I'Ill‘ltSliAY. MAY 3

7:30 poi. SCA Meeting. Brubacher Hall.

lVCl" Meeting. Iiruliaclici' Hall.

 

FRIDAY.
ft of] a in

ill on .t In

1 (it) p in

l 30 pm
ii iii) |).ili.
7'30 p ill.

5 (it) put
7 1;") pm

" le‘“;u> . «

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. APRIL 27. 1956

PAGE 3

 

Four Fraternities
Initiate 86 Frosh,
Upperclassmen

The four fraternities on campus
have accepted eighty-six upperclass-
men and freshmen as new members
as a result of formal initiations held
during the past week.

Alpha Pi Alpha

Alpha Pi Alpha has formally iii-
itiated the, following, announces
Whitson Walters ’56. President:
Robert Anderson. William Schwag-
er. John Burke], Henry Storch, An-
thony Walsh. Sophomores: William
Bird. Henry Boehning. Burton Eck—
ler. James Foster. Robert Kainpf.
Donald MacKeil. Donald Romanow-
ski. Samuel Samuelson. David Sat-
tcrlee. James Souhrada. John Spaar-
garen. Robert Tillman, John Yager.
and David Youst. freshmen. These
faculty members have also been ac-
cepted into Alpha Pi Alpha: Wil-
lard Skidmore. Professor of Modern
Languages; Edwin Lawson. Associ-
ate Professor of Psychology; Albert
Woottoii. Prorfessor of Education
lMillllPllliltiCSi.

Edward Eldred I’oitcr

James Sweet ‘56. President. an-
nounces that the following have
been accepted for membership in
the Edward Eldrcd Potter Club:
William O‘Connor Till: Michael Mox-
ian. Howard Bugley. James Mc-
Cormnck. Juniors; Richard Cnuscy.
Frank Melody. F‘rnucis Chippari.
Arthur Palnmolo. Lawrence Culver.
Norman Koslof’sky. Robert Steii'.
Carl Shriidcr. F‘rnncis Burdick.
Sophomores: Gerald Davies. Robert
Ficrro. Wesley Brown. Michael Fla-
hlvc. Richard Herodes. Peter Hen-
uingson. Donald Mncklcy. Ronald
Ilnbright. Louis DclSignorc. Alfred
’l'nttlc. freshmen.

Kappa Beta

Kappa Bctn‘s President. Living-
ston Smith ‘56, announces these new
members: Gerald Durkiii ‘58; Afi-
tlioiiy Aarons. Harry Cooper. Ger-
ald Dwight. Richard Esiicr. James
Elcy. Joseph F‘osegaii. George Har-
ris. Walter Heins. William Hersh-
ficld. Joseph Hill, ’I‘hotnns Hopkins.
Steve Jacobson. Patti Knpp. Joseph
Kctchuni. Harold Mayo. Frank O'-
Connor. Ronnld Short. and George
Van Den Houten. freshmen.

Sigma Lambda Sigma

Richard Vnnslcttc '56 announces
that the following have been forni—
ally iiiitinted info Sigma Lambda
Sigma: David E‘othcringhani. Thom—
its LnRochcllc. Sophtvnorcs; Ron~
iild Adams. Robert lhshop. ’l‘honi-
as Buckley. chhnric (.‘lcnicnis.

Weekend Features Phi Delt, Sigma Phi,

Psi Gamma Formals; Alumnae Luncheons

This weekend features the Phi Delta, Si
annual spring formals and several other
weekends. Kappa Delta, Psi Gamma, and
quets tomorrow. and Chi Sigma Theta is 3

Tonight at the Glass Lake Hotel fro
formal. Music will be supplied by Bob Br
event are headed by: Transportation. Beverly Wales;

gma Phi Sigma, and Psi Gamma Sororities’
social events to compose their respective spring
Beta Zeta are holding their annual alumnae ban-
potisoring a faculty buffet Sunday afternoon.
m 9 pm. to i am. Phi Delta is holding their
own and his orchestra. The Committees for the
Programs, Gertrude Stronski;

Chaperones. Jean Hallenbeck, Seniors; and Favors. Dorothy Alford ’57. At the Casa

Bianca tomorrow night there will be a party. On Sunday
at Thatcher Park. Emily Slater is chairman of the food 0

MUD Committee
Lists Skit Cast

“Play Ball." an original musical
comedy by Richard Feldnian '57.
will be presented next Saturday
evening. as this year‘s Moving-Up
Day skit. announces Joane Gins-
burg ‘56. Chairman of the Directing
Committee.

The show has a baseball theme
and features both a baseball and a
chccrlcnding ballet. All those who
signed up to work in various phases
of the show should clich the call
board in lower Hosted for their crew
assignments.

All ('lasses Participate

The cast includes: Alnii Wciner
":36. Robert Burns. Barbara Hunger—
ford. Alan Hutchinson. Juniors;
Robert Alwni'tl. Helen Bctiicr. Doro-

thy Eardlcy. Thomas Watthcws.
Sophomores: Marlene Ackcrinnu.

Elizabeth Gross. Veronica Davis.
Jim Owen. Joseph F‘oscgnn. Thomas
Hopkins. Paul Kapp. Kenneth Kn-
dct. Robert Fox. Willinin Hershl'icld.
Richard Esncr, Michael Villl Vran-
kcn. Marion Sciortino. freshmen.
Ml‘t‘lllJL'lS of the singing and danc-
ing chorus are: Tony Scordnto.
Paula Segal. Seniors; F‘eldniiin. Lc-
norc Hughes. Phyllis Hurd, Sheila

liistcr. Juniors; Patricia McGrnth.
LnVcrne Libbei't. Sophomores: Frank
Favut. Dolores- Shimnudle. Gerald

Dwight. Mary Fitzpatrick. and Ella
Mimell. freshmen.

John Cocca, Patti Erickson. Robert
Pox. George Graham. Jay Kolicii.

Garrison Lewis. Williniii Mackic.
Parker Mathusn. Bruce Norton.
John Oirnsbee. Arthur Plotnik.

(‘ieorge Plininner. Riclinrd Ronconi.
Robert Siseho. Eiigenc Sw'czey. Rob—
ert. ’l‘ibbits. Michael Van Vraukeu.
Darrell Wclch. Phillip Wilcox. and
John Williams. freshmen.

Oh What A Beautiful Rally!

Stole/s Politicos

Hit The Deck

Hy .-\li'l‘ll l'li I'LU'I‘NIK

About loo students coming into
llf'u rcc room to play ping pong
last 'l'ucsdny found :in election rally
going on. Schcdulcd for 7:l:i |illl..
Illt‘ i‘nlly started at 7.~Itl llllil lasi—
ed tiiiiil tint) pin

in a prc-rnlly unciiicw l’anl
l‘il'lt'kwiil cxprcsmd the anticipation.»
of the cziiidftlutcs by Slioltllllli.
“Spoiiiuncity is my keystone."
ironically enough however. the
speeches \\'t'l‘t‘ ncnr-i‘ccoi'dfiigs of
the Asscriibly speeches. and the ruin
oi—thc-nnll-oncstions were generally
.uiswcrcd with relorts of Silllll.ii'
liilllll‘t' Nevertheless. there were
stiini' t'Xt'cpliotis to this cynical l'lilc.
all of winch colored the rally and
lii‘oiuihl ill on clcuictit of human
inici'csl.

About lllll‘l‘ll ("illitlitlnlt‘s l.lllt'tl to
appear lit the little convention hall
tlccoi'iilt‘tl \\illi iiiii- posit‘i‘ 'l‘liost‘
that did appear were olfcn inndc
sorry for if witch they were ~ub~
icclctl to n :~t'l'lt‘s of iiilcrrogaiions
flint would embarrass McCarthy
Aside from thc usual uncrics such
.ts 'l)o you favor January ('ll‘t'lllill.‘~.
pit-lcrcntml voliim. l’t‘]!l'l'.\i'lll.fll\‘t'
pmci'nincnt. and tho I’cdagogiic."

llll‘i'l' \vcrc brow-ruining tpicrics like,
Why tllil you ipul thc handbook
iouimillcc. you llil‘-t'l illlt' wtctcli""

‘l’hc tires of the audience was

Gerald Drug (lo.

Albany. N. Y.

 

Bil Wuiitern A we.

l'lione ti~iiiilil

highly lllltiltlltil The dress of the
candidates was highly lllltil'liiJl. As

a math-r of fact. the candidates and

the audience were one and the
same, This fact would have been
rather discouraging had not the

door to the Snack Bar opcncd regu-
fully to remind us flint there \vcrc
thousands of teeming students. still
potential voters . . if nothing else.

The key word of the evening was
"inevitable." although some t'niitll—
dates were bold enough to say
frankly. "l‘vc not yet studied the
situation."

Matty oi the audience scckcd
.wi'll—I'i‘t‘iigiillitili by way of surpris—
tin: or dcprccutory questions. "Just
what." said one smirking spectator.
"are \our thinks. my dear cnudi-
date" it was by no means an un-
l.ll|' tilit‘siltill. bill in most cases an
i'iiilini'l‘nnsiliit tllli‘. just :is this tlllt‘S<
lliis'

 

lion may lh- to some of you
llilillllllit‘ "Did you \otc‘l"
G .
littllt‘l (hititio & Henson
lilAI ill ‘w

FLORIS'I‘ and
GREENHOUSE

fol/cue I‘ll/I'll! [or l'curi

 

 

cis is chairman of the transportation
committee; botii are Sophomores.

Marilyn Chcnfeld and Gail Ab-
rauison, Juniors, Co-Chiiirmen for
the Sigma Phi Sigma formal week-
end. announce that they are holding
a hayride tonight. and then a party
afterwards in their newly refinish-
ed cellar. Their dinner dance will
be at Crooked Lake from 7:30 pm.
to i am. tomorrow night. Henry
'l‘orgnn will supply the music. Luther
Andrews. Professor of Chemistry.
and Mrs. Andrews. and Edwin Law-
son. Professor of Psychology. and
.\.'r~~ Lawson are clinpcroncs. On Sun—
day afternoon they are sponsoring
a picnic at Thatcher Park.

Psi Gamma Sorority will hold
thcri ali'nuinc lrnnquet ni ()‘Comior's
Restaurant at 1:30 pm. announces
Patricia Kennedy ‘58. Chairman.
Co-Chnirnicn for the event are Bur-
biira MacDonald and Jean Stress,
Sophomores. The other committee
chairmen are: Arrangements. Shir-
lcy Hainnn '56; Flowers. Joan Ho-
ninn '57: Entertainment, Margaret
Curr. Jody Ambrosino. Sophomores.
and Jane Cass ‘59. Speeches will be
given by Judith Lutes for the Sen-
iors. Mary Knight for the Jlillltfl‘r.
and Margaret Cni'i‘ for the Sopho-
more Class. niid for the freshmen.
Julie Smith. 'l‘oniori'ow evening also
from 9 pm. to l iii-n. their annual
sorority spring formal will be field
at Jack's Restaurant. announces
Gertrude Wilder '57. Chairman.
The band will be Humor-Esks. Ed-
ward Copper. Professor of Com-
nicrcc. and Mrs. Copper. and Robert
Lanni. Assistant Professor of Phy-
sics. and Mrs. Lanni. will be chap-
ci'ones for the formal dance. Ar-
rangements for the band were
handled by Shirley Haitian; Bids.
Joy Butto. Seniors; Favors. Nancy
Hughes '57. and Flowers. Gretchen
liurd ‘58. Preceding the dance a
buffet supper will be held at the
sorority house at 6 |).lil. for all those
intending the formal.

Barbara Salvatore. President of
Kappa Delta. announces that their
.nnninl alumnae luncheon is tomor-
row iii 1 pm. at O'Connor’s Restuu-A
innt Chairman for the event is
Jcnn Hngcny ‘56. Speakers include
I'Ilciilioi‘ Norbcrg Tit)". Ann Kinslcr
":37. Lorraine Koxlowski '58. and Co-
l'lllllt‘ Murrow Till. liIvclyn Moody
oil. Alumni Secretary. was in charge
of sending out fill the invitations to
.‘itlll llllllllllllt‘.

lictii chn will ct lt‘IJI‘illt' their lilih
.itiiiivit‘siirv with .m alumnae lun-
cheon at the University Club tomor-
row from i to .‘i ptii. Afterlife lun-
cheon coffee and cake will be served
at the sorority house for the alum—
one who no l't‘lt‘lll‘illlll‘i lhc lilth
:uuuvcrsary. installation of officers
will take place of thc itiiiclicoii.
Patricia Atwood Titi. will be the
Senior spcnkci'.

Phi Delta is sponsoring a picnic
onimittee and Barbara DeFran-

SUB Presents
Last Coffee Hour

The Student Union Board will
hold their last Listening Hottr of
the year in the Lower Lounge of

Brubacher Hall Sunday between 3
and 5 pm.

Suzanne Lieberman '58. is Chair-
man of the Listening Hour and is
being assisth by George Cosgrove
‘58. Publicity Chairman. The Stu-
dent Union Board will scrve coffee

and cookies. and music will be
played.

The Outing Club will display
their equipment to the student

body for the first time. at the Lis-
tening Hour. In addition. three pe-
riods of fifteen minutes each shall
be given to the presentation of col-
orful slides that show that various
places the Outing Club has been.

Student Council:

Camp Committee

Schedules Trip
To Warrensburg

A convoy of automobiles will leave
from the Partridge Street entrance
of Brubacher tomorrow morning at
8 o’clock for the Warrensburg
campsite. All those interested in go-
ing to the camp should report to
the Partridge Street entrance, and
sign up on the sign-up sheet on
the Outing Club bulletin board lo-
cated in lower Husted. There will
be no charge for the trip outside
of the possible sharing of gas ex-
penses. All those going are advised
to bring their own lunch as the re-
turn trip will be no earlier than 3
o'clock in the afternoon. Anyone
having a car. and wanting to go to
the camp. is asked to bring it along.
Automobiles will replace the pre-
viously announced plans to rent it
bus. announces John Stefano ‘58.
Camp Board Chairman.

The purpose of this trip is to pro-
mote interest on the part of the
student body in the Warrensburg
camp. It will also have the purpose
of allowing students to gain ideas
about plans for developing the land.
In the fall. there will be a general
conference to discuss student feeling
on life camp.

Dr. Howe of Cortland will be at
the camp tomorrow to meet with
our Camp Board. and tour the area
with them. All those students who
go to the camp tomorrow will tour
the area in assigned groups. Bruce
King ‘56. and David Klelnke '57. will
be iii charge of assigning students.

Council Discusses Future Oi "Ped";
Sets Meet With Exchange Students

Hy AILEEN

Student Council. meeting Wed-
nesday evening in the Government
Room. heard numerous committee
reports. Voted on a motion front
Forum. set the Assembly agenda.
passed the WAA Budget mid dis-
cussed the future of l’edilg'ogue.

John Stefano '58. Chairman of the
insurance Committee. presented the
policy handled by Art Knpucr and
used by State this year. for the up-
proval of Council. Council moved
to accept the Insurance Plan for the
year 1956-1957.

Jean Hageny ‘56. Chairman of the
Exchange Program. stated that
there will be a meeting of the ex-
change students with the new lead-
ers, Thursday. May 10. to discuss
the program at the University of
Connecticut and how we could bcuc-
ill from it.

Robert Betschn  reported that
thc Ivlachines Room in New Draper
will be open from If until :‘i phi.
daily. and that James Loricchio '58.
will be lit charge. Only students
with ll license will be allowed to run
the miincogi'nph machine.

A motion from Forum presented
li\ l)olilllfif’ [MONTH ‘57. l‘i‘tilicslllig
lift) for a banquet attended and
paid for already by six llll'llllli‘l's oi
li‘ori'in was passed by Council.

(‘0(‘HHANE

The Assembly agenda for this
morning's Assembly reads as fol-
lows: Forum motion to be tabled
for one week. Penalties motion from
Myskuniu. Announcements. and vot-
ing for SA and Class Officers and
Myskaniu.

Richard Vanslctte ‘56, moved that
the Leadership Conference for next
year be governed by a Leadership
Conference Committee. consisting of
two members of Myskanin and three
Council members. with the Vice-
Prcsldent of SA serving as Chair—
nuui. Council voted to accept this
plan.

A long discussion of the future
of the I’edagogue followed the busi-
ness meeting and a plan, proposed
by Richard I-linck :38. was favored
by Council. His plan reads as fol-

lows: The editor or editors of Fed
be chosen by the officers of the
Jniiior Class. The Juniors would

take the publication of the. yearbook
.is :l class 1)i'o_it't'i and members of
the lower classes should also be in-
clililt‘ti lii Illt‘ stuff Iii |)I‘ti\'ltii‘ for
a totaling systcni. The choice would
be sub]ch to the approval of Coun-
cil and [lit editor would make rc~
ports tiiicc a month to Council on
the progress of the book. Council
felt this supervision would help get
the Perl staff back on its feet.

 

T he Mayﬂower

HUME ()ii‘ .llll‘iilitl SANDWICHES

——~—HAMBiiiIiiEli ilELlIX—m—m

20$) (.‘lu‘N’I‘HAi. AVEN U E

HICH‘I'ICI) (IN HUN RULI.

FR. I’ll. l’ti’l‘A'l'iII‘IS & (‘ULI‘I SIJHI' - -

 

 

 

 

 

' - - 50c

 

 

 

