 

2m: -

.. m. as.-. .w... M». My». mvvmunmu. um,

 

 

PAGE 2

Progress . . .

Many people have both said and written
many things this past year about the sad
state of our college. We have apathy, dis-

interest and poor leaders.

Yes, these things are true, but when you
look at these factors, also look at our ac-
complishments this year and compare these

with other colleges. We are

our spirit of apathy. This is a plague which
hangs over most student governments. Dis-
interest and poor leaders are a constant
But we did the most that was
possible with what we had and the prob-

gamble.

lems we had to face.

Look back over the past year. There are
many things we can look at with pride. We
had an opportunity to experiment w1th
We have or-
ganized several new clubs and put others
back on the right track. Perhaps our great-
est plunge toward expansion has been the
purchase of a college camp. We are ex-
panding. Now we must meet this ever

representative government.

increasing challenge.

This year has seen the rise of new lead—
ers. More people have become experienced
in leadership and are now ready to assume
their responsibilities. As you, the new lead—
ers, receive your office tomorrow remember
to look with pride at the accomplishments
of your student government this year and
guard our traditions of progress so that
others may thank you as we now thank our

out-going officers.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. MAY 4. 1956

Who Is To Blame? . . .

not alone in

Last year Student Council saw the need
of having some means to superVise organ-
izations and to see that they were follow1ng
their constitutions. A committee was form-
ed to work out of Student Council.
members of this committee were each as-
signed an organization to follow. .
their responsibility to attend all .meetings
of that organization and to renew their
charter. After comparing the constitution
with the organization and the conduct of
the group, they were to make a report to
the Constitutional Review Committee. In
this report they were to make recommenda-
tions about the organization so that they
might try to improve themselves.

The

It was

Some committee members were very con-

ed revision to

tunate. Their

scientious about their duty as is evidenced
by the reorganization of certain groups.
Some constitutions did receive a badly need-

bring them up to date with

the times. Other organizations were less for-

i'eview committee delegates

neglected to attend their meetings and did
not quite have time to review their consti-
tution. Maybe what we need now is a com-

mittee to review the review committee, or

not given the

is that Student Council's responsibility?
An example of this neglect blares out
with the Pedagogue. The committee began
to revise this constitution last fall and are
still in the process of doing so. It is only do—
ing so now because the failure is so ev1dent.
The defunct Pedagogue constitution has

editor the support she need-

ed. Consequently, Pedagogue will not be
ready until September. Who is to blame?

 

 - W71 ﬁaoceJa/w

The following procedure has been
outlined for tomorrow, Moving—Up
Day:

Processional. 9 um.

1. Seniors will form a double line
beginning at Minerva and ending in
the perister leading to the library.

2. Juniors will meet by the Regis-
trar's office and their line will ex-
tend into the peristyle of Husted.

3r Sophomore lines will start in
the Annex area at the foot of the
steps to Husted and will end at the
Co-op in lower Draper.

4. The freshmen double lines will
start behind the Sophomores at the
girls' locker room in lower Draper
and will extend to the lower library.

At 9:30 a.m.. the procession will
begin with the Senior Class march-
ing down the front steps of Draper.
turning right at the walk which
leads to Husted. turning left to
Husted, walking toward Albany High
and then right. up to the walk at
Page Hall. The Juniors, Sophomores,
and freshmen will follow the Sen—
iors, in order, to Page Hall.
Seating

l. Seniors in front, center section,
main floor.

 

First Place (ESPA
VOL. XLI
Mimin-is of int- Nl-ZWS stall may be
ll p III ill Ll-ZIII'Jtl, I-le ll
Schlottluiuber 3 tulle. Swa-rmwskt B-illtlil

'l‘ho iindci‘gradinitc newspaper of the

2. Juniors in the right section of
the main floor and in the right
section of the balcony.

3. Sophomores in the left section
of the main floor and the Hays left
vacant by the Seniors in the center
section.

4. Freshmen in the left and center
sections of the balcony.

Moving-Up

l. The Juniors in the balcony will
move quickly to the right. down the
right stairs, and will fill in the seats
behind the Juniors downstairs. who
will have moved to the Icft, into the
center section-

2. The Seniors move left across
the aisle into the Sophomore see-
tioii.

3. The Sophomores will move itito
the far aisle, up the left stairs, and
fill in the left and center sections of
the balcony.

4. The freshmen in the center
>t't'l.ioli of the balcony will liltWt‘
right, down the right stairway. fol-
lowing the Jtiiiiors, and fill in the
section vacated by the Juniors. 'l'hc
freshmen in the left section will
move across the center section and

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY I916

BY THE CLASS OF IBIS

Sciond I’lacc ACI’

May 4, lilbli No ll

rcaiiicif I‘ucldiiv .ind Wcilnmilai lllllll 'l to
l'hones Iaiwrenie 'J-flli‘JlI, Smith ariillll. Yandoli Ililrillla‘J,

New Yotn Slate (.‘ollt'ge ioi’ 'Icin'hera.

published every Fizdii) of tiic College year by the NEWS board for the Student

Association

MARCIA LAWHI‘INFE - —
THOMAS SMITH ~ - - -
AIIJ‘JEN COCHHANI'Z ‘ A
KEITH YANINDH ‘
MAHY ANN SGMLUT'I'II.‘I'III‘LIL
JOYCE MEYI‘IHMANN -
MAINE lll'i'I"l‘.\lI'2II - V -
.IUHI'JI'H HZAIH‘IIC -
JOSEPH SWII‘JHZUWHIH
JOHN IU‘J‘v‘lZHS
WILL/UH) (lll.lil'.'l”l'l‘.

All (‘Ullllllllilli'illlililh «.nould be addressed to the editor and Ilillal be tilﬂlll'll
'Ilic H’I‘A’I'E (‘ULLI‘IIII‘J NI'JWS Illl‘lllilll'h no icspoicobilily

v..‘" be Witlllli'lil on Ii‘l‘llifhl.

lIII up.:.lolii ispicuaii III Ila it‘llllllll‘. oi |UlI|II||IIIIIilllUl.x .i-.

necessarily reflect its views

——————_—_

('ID-I‘illllol"III*(:IllliI
(.‘o-l'ldllor ln-(‘hlI'I

- l-Ziiecullic I‘ldllor
I'uhllc Hclallons I‘Zdllor
Ilusfness Advrrtlnlug Ililllor
('Irculatlon lidltor

Associate Editor

« - — - — Associate Editor
7 Sports Editor
Annotate Feature Iidllor
— Stall I'tiotouruphcr

Nuiuen

.uili I‘Allll'->illil.'u do nol

am“

 

fill in the front part of the right
section of the balcony.

Recewional

Myskania leads, goliit out the
right aisle, and forming a line on
either side of the Page Hall steps.

The four classes it Low in order:

1. Seniors will go down the walk
by Husted Hall.

2. Juniors will follow the Seniors.
At the end of the Page walk, they
will turn right and proceed down
the walk by Albany High.

ll. Sophomores follow the Juniors.
ttiriiiiig left at the end of Page walk
to go throtigh the Senior lines.

4. Freshmen will follow the Jun-
iors, turning right to go through the
Junior lines-

The classes will walk out of Page
in double file. the couples splitting
as they turn either right or left to
form a single line on either side of
the path. The Sophomores go
through the Junior lincs. When
everyone is out. of the auditorium.
the Seniors in turn go through the
Sophomore lines and the Juniors go
through the freshman lines,

Forming the Numerals

The Seniors will turn right aiul
form their numerals in the corner
of the field nearest llustcd. The
Sophomores will form their num-
crals in front of the Seniors ncar
Western AVeiiuc. ’l‘he Juniors will
turn left and town tlicir nuiucrals
in the corner nearest Millie. 'l‘hc
freshmen wtli follow lllt' Juniors and
form their numerals in front of the
Juniors ticar Western Avenue

60W

To the ICdItor:

It. has come to tiiy attention that.
many students wiin to see changes
in the Freshman Handbook 1 aiul
my staff are undertaking to change
the Handbook in as many ways as
arc fcasiblc atid reasonable. We are
zillciiipiliig to Initiate tlicsc changes
without lil'cllitllt't' to any group, or
without eliminating any of the val~
uable parts We arc ‘uliol'iclillii: or
eliminating several things which we
lccl liiiic been shown to be of net;
ligiblc vultu-

l lll'gc any student who may dis.—
agrcc with this policy. oi who may
have constructiVi- suggestions to of-
lcr III rcgard to the iniprovcnicnl oi
thc Iiiiiidbook, to coiiluci nu- or my
staff ltcuiciiibcr it is your
book

 

 

Warren "lllllliull

 

 

“an,

 

 

 

Rcincvs

 

Who do you think you're telling to move‘.’

 

    

‘- ‘ ,
By MONAHAN and KLEINKE  

Knell the bell for '57.

Devils are moving into Heaven;
Knell the bell for '56,

They're heading for the River Styx;
.Vloving-l'p seems prematu-er,

Final grades are really tru-er.

SCREAFIIIN' ANI) SQI'AWKIN' WHILE ’I‘IIICY .uuc WALKIN'

It co-ild be the recent full moon, or the coming of spring (finally!
or sotne :trai:ge “strain” at the end of the semester. No matter what
the cause is. State College is going . . . musical. on every level from the
very good tri-hcarsals for the Spring Concerti to the l()W(‘St~—»tll(‘ idiotic
moaning in the vicinity of Bl'll and Pierce. around one ayeni. This
tinostlyt male. quite atoiial. and durned disturbing emulation of the
Robert Sa-iw Chorale falls short, of success, both as an attempt at music
and as a display of decorum at any level above that of a cretin. Boys.
please, out of respect. to the composers. if no one else, SIIII'I‘ ltl'!
’l‘lYXICIN) .ll..'l\'(."l‘l()l\'

Looks like it‘s the f'rafcrnities' turn to play "Let's trip the light,
Fantastic!" this weekend. 01' course, this is old news . . . some of the
boys have been hunting for :Iatcr for weeks. It’s really good to see so
much socializing . . . Show'cm UConn has no monopoly. . . .

I'Nlmlt I‘Alll‘N’I‘AI. EYES

Those of you who are being visited by the Associated National Banks
Illtli'f‘lltst ‘his weekend. and are wondering what to do with them on
Saturday afternoon. might i'nosc ', first over to Blocker Stadium. where
otir thiii'rlads tread the sports page oncci are meeting the RPl frosli
in the first inter-collegialc track inch we‘ve ever had. Aftcrward, Mom
and Pop might enjoy the (with live music» coil‘cc hour at Brit. chp 'cin
bitsy; keep 'cm happy; keep 'em off the streets.

Ill'ltN S'I‘A’I‘ICItS

Saturday night. an all-star team is scheduled to "Play Ball." All
loyal Statcrs should fill up those bleachers and slipport. the benefit. per
formance. Ilicsidcs. the seats in Page need dusting, what better way
is there?! This iuitisttal game will feature songs I?! in the stretches
and dancing on the diamond. Lei no pop bottles bc lioilcd at th'ump's
head. 'l'his decision will be your own: a sparkling skit. never strikes oiti
\'()I' CAN'T (it) HOMIC AGAIN

Let. us say farewell to some old friends: Newman, Van Dcrm-c. 'l‘hc
Barracks. ind some sorority hotscs. ’l‘ney, Iikc many other things and
people at State College. will be silently stealing away. What will happen
to the folded tents they left behind) We've heard some interesting
speculation.

‘.’It2(‘l()ll(‘

There were only nine to be eliminated. true. IlU’I‘. Sorry. (lung. we
found that the old crystal had .i few cracks in it. Still. thirteen names
wormed their way through the flaws and presented themselves when the
'l‘crribic 'lwain llli‘l over black colicc and Pail Malls m the Pit. So. here
goes: 'ry Dally. I‘aync. l)cCt""o. Anderson, (tarbonc, iii-Santa, Kciidig.
Knight. Lav l'tIll't‘. Van Vlack. l-‘cltanan. Lockhart, Swicrzowski Also, we
feel that. in the closest race in State College history. l)ick lliiick will
“cmoigc trumpet" into scat. of NW Crown Prince.

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. MAY I
1(I1tltl a in. Sitidcnl .\SStl(‘liillti|l Assembly. Page Hall
7 ill) pin Kappa llcla l)iiiiici'»l)ancc. Hi'l'lh'l‘l'h‘.
one pot l’olici' (‘iub i"oi'liial. Auraiiia Club.
Sigma Lambda Si.-,in:. I"til'tll:ll, Shaker llidge (‘ouiilry (‘lub
S.v\’l‘l'ltll.-\Y, MAY 5
ti on a Ill Moiiiig~ilp l)ay Actiiitics lil‘lllll \\llll llllt‘ formations
1 :lo pm. Sigma Lambda Shani Alumni (‘orporation Meeting. laa South
Lake Avenue
Phi Delta Alumni Luncheon, Coach and l"olll‘ Restaurant
Illu'lilt‘l'ly Wagar‘si
:3 Ill) pin (lamina Kappa i’lii Parents llaiiquct, (l'l'oiituil's Restaurant
SI'NIHY, M.\\' ii
lilo p in PM (iaiiima I’ai'cnl." [lay 'lca. l’>~l tiai'mna House. South Lake
Aiciiiic
Sigma l’lll Sigma I’z rcnts' ilanqui-t, llcrbcrt's
l'si (‘oiniiiia Ilium-r, Airport Inn
Lulhcian Sludciil Asociation Iliscusuion. Saiiil John‘st‘hurcli.
('cnlral Alt'lllll'
MUNIHY. MAY 7
’1 iii) pin Illil (‘liib l"lt‘ltl Trip to Albany It'clt (‘onipany
Student (‘ouncil {\lriluig. llrubuclicr (iotciiuiicnt Itooin
’I‘I‘IvlSIHI’. MAY ii
it) no .i in Hpci'litl HA Assciiiblt, l’ugc llall
lliology (‘liib Ficld 'li'ip, identification of Maui l.llt'
It on poi ('i'al interpretation. "'l‘hc Living ltoom," Draper :iilil
’I‘IIl'IISIHI’, MAY Ill
'1 ill) |).t‘ll IVl'I" Mccting. Ih'ulualicr llall
Special meeting with exchange students to the University oi
(‘oiiiii-cliciit. Ilrubaihci llall

 

1! Eli) pm
-| Jill pi.i
.) till pin

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MAY 4. 1956

PAGE 3

 

Student Council:

SC Sets Budget Hearing,- Company
To Record Graduation Ceremony

By MARIE

Student Council in its \veekly
Wednesday meeting discussed a
prt.)position for recording graduation.
heard various committee reports.
passed the budgets of Myskatiia. Iii-
tcrnational Film Group, Smiles and
Outing Citib. They also set the As-
sembly agenda. and have changed
thc regular meeting of Council for
next week from chncsday to Mon-
day night in order to have a special
btidgct assembly Tuesday at 10 am.
in Page Hall.

Robert Betscha '56. Student As—
sociation President, announced that
he had been contacted by the York
Sight Sound Recorder Company on
the proposition of recording the
graduation ceremonies. This coni-
pany will make available to all those
students who are interested. a record
of the highlights of the ceremonies
at the price of $3 ill) per record. Since
at. l(‘il:vl fifty records must be order—
cd. students who wish to purchase
a rccord are asked to contact Bel,—
sclia.

Rita Lamboglia, Aiidilor of Class
Board of Finance, announced the
following totals for class budgets:
1956. $850.82; 1957. $793.13; 1958.
$1,313 Iii, 1959, $660.75. ("lydi- Payne.
Chairman of Class Board of Fin—
ance. suggested that any voucher
subuuttcd to the auditor must. be
accompanied by a bill; Council (lis-
cusscd and passed this motion. Also
a new organimtional system was
suggested by Payne and littsst‘tl by
Council. This system establishes the
quorum ai fotir. except from Sep-
icmbcr to the freshman elections
whci: ll will be three. The Junior
Class treasurer Is to bc the secretary
of the Board and the auditor is to
bc fhc treasurer of the Board. Also,
meetings are to be called at the dis—
cretion of thc Chairman.

Rolici'l Stein ‘56, Chairman of the
Social Calciulul'. rnadc ilic following
i‘ccoinincndations to revise the pro-
ccdurc of establishing the calendar
for next ycar. A coinniittcc compos—
cd of rcprcscntativi-s from an or—
iaiiuxalional ('ltlnSll'It‘lllltill, which at
thc timc includes clglll groups under
the chairmanship of an appoiiitccof
Council. “'1” set up the calendar for
next year. Intcr-Sororily Council,
Iiiicr-Fratcriiity (‘tlll|i('|l, llli' dorm—

Three Slate Students
Receive Study Grants

l’l‘tilcswi' Hillt‘ltls Mt'llh'nllit‘,
(‘liairiiian of illl‘ I'liiglisli Depart-
lllt‘lll, announces that three State
(‘ollcgc students havc i'cccn'cd
graduatc \t'llmll awards.

itutgi-rs l‘nivi-rsity has awarded
as.-isi;iiitsliip.~. in ltiiiglish to ’l‘ llclil')
Smith 'Siti. and l“l‘t‘tlcrlt'k Silva,
(li‘ad. l‘icoi'.;c llicks. (ii'ad, has rc~
ccivcd an assistantship in English
from Vanticrbilt University

'I‘hcsc positions are comparable to
.-cliol.irships; :l.\ a rule they invohc
stint- teaching and a valuable
i'llillli'l' for study on an adriiiiccd
li-i‘cl ’Ihi-i are awarded to studcnls
by a uniicruity on the basis of the
siudciil'. collcgc record. and :ll't‘
t'ccogiii/cd throughout lllt' t'ollllll‘_\'
as .i 1‘,l'i‘ill scholastic honor

DETTMER

itories, the four classes. veterans,
religious organizations, are each to
send one representative, and Music
Council, Dramatlcs and Arts and
Affiliates. Internatiomil Film Group
together are to send one represent—
ative and Student Union Board,
Smiles, Women‘s Athletic Associa-
tion and Association of Men‘s Iii-
trainui'al AthletiCs together are to
send one representative.

The assembly agenda for this
week's assembly reads as follows:
Explanation of Moving-Up Day pro-
cedures, disetission of the financial
motion of Forum, reading of the
Athletic Association Board's Bud-
get, and discussion of Myskania‘s
penalties motion, and announce-
mcnts.

After a long discussion Council
decided to have their weekly meet—
ing next Monday instead of Wed—
nesday so that they could have a
special budget assembly Tuesday at.
I) am. in Page Hall.

Oral lntcrp Class
Gives Greene Drama

The ()ral Interpretation of Drama
class will present The Living Room
on 'i‘ucsday in Draper 349. This is
.i ofll‘-:il'l drama by (Irahme
(irccne Agnes Futlercr. Professor
of English. will direct. the drama.
’I be cast consists of T. Henry Smith.
Marie IJct'inc. Marilyn Iiirlcr. Max-
inc Adncr, Karol Cliiford. Ruth
Kapcla, Seniors, and William (iard—
incr ‘59.

The class urges everyone to come
and enjoy this powerfully~writtcn
play.

Three Fraternities Conclude Calendars

With Annual Greek Formals, Picnics

Aurania Club, Herbert's, Shaker
3 Delegates To Ridge To Host EEP, KB, 

Debate Sends

N. Y. Assembly

One Sophomore and two freshmen
are representing State College in
the New York State Intercollegiate
Legislative Assembly being held in
the Sheraton-Ten Eyck Hotel and
the State Capitol Building today, to-
morrow, and Sunday, announces
Clyde Reeves, Assistant Professor
of Engliin and Director of Forensics
at the college. Lloyd Shaw ‘58, is
the delegate on the “Mental Health"
committee. Lee DeNike ’59, is the
“State Aid to Localities for Educa—
tion" representative. Michael Saltz-
inau'ﬁil, will be working with the
‘Migrant Labor" group.

The aimtial :l—day meeting was
instituch 24 years ago by the New
York State chatc Coaches Associa-
tion. and with the exception of the
World War II years, has been held
regularly chr since. The rules and
proceedings are patterned after the
New York State Assembly. Proposed
bills are examined in committee and
"expert hearing" sessions. and are
then prescntcd to the general as-
scliil)l_\' where they are debated un-
der parliamcntary rules and are
voted up or down.

Thc annual baiiqttct for the group
will be held in the Sheraton-'l‘en
Eyck tonight

Forum Elects Freshman Delegate

To Attend CCUN Conference

Lcc l)cN1kc ‘59. has been elected
by the Forum Board of Politics to
rcccive lllt‘ yciii‘ly scholarship given
by the Albany branch of the Ameri-
tan Association for the United
Nations

l)cNikc, a recipient oi ilit‘ local
award. will attend the liitcrcollcgi-
.itc l.i-.aicrship Institute on the
United Nations as State College‘s
rcprcscntativc. The mccting is spon-
sored by the Collegiate Council for
the United Nations, of which Forum
is a member.

Attends INN. Session

This year's session will bc lli'ltl at
Finch (‘ollcgc in New York City
from June 17 through ‘ltl Delegates,
several of lllt‘lll foreign students.
will attend various committee mcct-
ings dealing with the international
problems of the UN, visit dclcgii-
tiou liciulquarters, and tour the
Ulliit'tl Nations building. Itcpi'cscnt-
.itivcs from colleges throughout the
Iiatioii will hear several addresses,
including one by Mrs. Franklin I).
Htiiist‘yt‘li, formerly a United States
dclcgalc to ilic UN.

Meets World Leaders

The week—long session allol'tl.;
college students the opportunity to
inch informally with leading lor—

cign diplomats. U.N. Secretariat.
members, and United States experts
ill the field of world affairs. In past
years, such leaders as Ralph Buiichc.
Frank Graham, and Dag Hammar-
siciold have mct with Institute (icic-
gutcs.

l)cNikc is the incoming Vice-
Prcsidciit of State's Forum Board
of Politics and has attended the
Model Security Council at St Law-
rcncc University and the Mock Sen-
atc licld recently at llll' State cal)—
itol.

Marjorie Kcllclicr '56. was State's
representative to the session in 19:34.
and Marcia Lawrence ‘57, served
as last year‘s dclcgatc.

Adopt Resolutions

Last year. Miss Lawrence, with
sixty other (iclcgalcs, spent several
hours in coniiiiitlccs formulating
resolutions on pertinent political.
economic. and social world problems
which have served as a guide for
the policy of tlic (‘illli“’.lill.t' Council
for llll‘ United Nations this year.
State, as a member of the C.C.U.N..
is affiliated with 3115 member groups
on college campuses throughout the
United States whose purpose is to
[)i'ollhiii' a fuller uialcrstaiiding of
the UN. and of world illlilll'n

 

 

The Mayflower

209 CENTRAL AVENUE

HOME OF JUMBO SANDWICHES

——-HAMBURGER DELUXE——

SI‘IHVI'II) ()N HUN HULL

It'lt. It‘lt. l‘U'l‘A'l‘iHCS & (‘Olilti SLAW - -

' ....J '.'/.v 1‘ a v I.‘ I’./."Ij

50c

 

Thre fraternities on campus have
scheduled plans for their annual
weekends.

Thomas O'Loughlin ‘56, General
Chairman, announces that the Ed-
ward Eidi'ed Potter Club will hold
its Spring Formal tonight from 9
pm. to 1 am. at the Aurania Club.
Music will be provided by Harry
Vincent and his orchestra. Commit-
tee chairmen for the events are:
Programs. William Shipengrover ’56;
Decorations. Lewis Carr '57: Chap—
erones. Thomas Brierley; Invita-
tions, Ross Dailey. Sophomores.

Chaperones for the formal are:
Frank Carrino, Assistant Professor
of Modern Languages, and Mrs.
Carrino; and Robert Laiiiii, Assist-
atit Professor of Chemistry, and
Mrs. Laiuii.

Kappa Beta Will hold a formal to-
night :ind a picnic Sunday, an-
nounces Samuel Brenner '56, Vice—
President and General Chairman of
the weekend.

Tonight from 7:30 to l a.m.. mcm‘
hers and their guests will attend a
bullet dinner and formal dance at
i'lci‘bci'i's Restaurant. New officers
of Kappa Beta will be installed at
this time

Committee chairmen are: Flowers
and Chaperones. Gerald Cuba,

 

Bright Idea

Boys will be boys. baseball will
be baseball, and fun is fun.
’l‘hese three elements were
brought together last Sunday
morning at 5 a.in. on dorm field
to create a new and exciting
pastime—luminous baseball, or
more accurately, softball. A few
enthusiasts of the great Ameri-
can sport obtained some lumin-
ous paint, a softball. and a dark
setting to carry out this historic
experiment. The experiment it-
self was a half-success: the ad-
venture was not. The boys, un-
able to suppress their ecstacies
over an unusual version of the
great American institution.
shrieked with joy and laughter
at their ingenuity, which was
admittedly unique. They were.
however, given liarin warning
regarding such future diversions.
Once again, the creative spirit
of youth, the stamina aiid love
of novelty that so typically
characterizes the red-blooded
American boy——crushe(l.

 

Grad; Favors, Ernest Tebordo '56.

The Sunday afternoon picnic at
Thatcher Park is under the chair-
manship of James Lorrichio '55.
Richard Clifford '57, heads the food
committee.

Sigma Lambda Sigma will hold its
annual Spring Weekend today
through Sunday, announces Richard
Vanslette '56, President. The frater—
nity‘s annual formal will be held
tonight from 9 pm. to 1 am. at
the Shaker Ridge Country Club.
Bob Brown and his orchestra will
provide dance music. New officers
for the next school year will be an-
nounced, and the "Four Profs," a.
quartet consisting of Al LaFalce ‘58.
Todd Cushmaii ‘56, and Donald But-
ler and Robert Stimson. Juniors.
will entertain.

icneral Chairman of the dance,
Maurice Bouvier '57, announces the
following Comriiittee Chairmen: In-
vitations and Chaperones, John
(iauquie. Alan Hutchinson, Juniors,
and Thomas Watthews ‘58; Orches-
tra, Donald Rice; Programs. Joseph
Flynn: Flowers, Hubert Felio. Leo
LcGault; Entertainment. Al La—
Falce, Sophomores.

Chaperones are: Frederick Moore,
Associate Professor of Modern Lari-
guages. and Mrs. Moore; Arthur So—
derlind, Associate Professor of Edu—
cation. and Mrs. Soderlind; Luther
Andrews, Professor of Physics. and
Mrs Andrews; Howard Fliei‘l, As-
sociate Professor of Geography. and
Mrs. Flierl; Neil Brown, Director of
Saylcs Hall.

Fraternity members and their
guests will attend a picnic Sunday
afternoon at Thatcher Park. Co-
Clialrmeii of this event are Joseph
Swierzowski ‘57, and Warren Leib,
'58.

Exchange Students
Will Discuss Uconn

A special meeting will be held
Thursday evening at 7:30 pm. at
Brubaclier Hall for all students iii—
tercsted in securing further infor-
mation on the recent Student EX-
changc with the University of Con-
nectictil.

Sue Handout '56, Elizabeth Van
Vlock and James Lockhart, Juniors,
Statc‘s exchange students, will an—
swer questions and discuSs the
University of Connecticut with or-
ganizational leaders and any others
interested.

There’s a bright career for you as a

TWA

Hostess

imagine yourself winging your way to

America's most I'ascinuling ci

l‘Iuropeun cupilo

   

tics . . or spinning the oceans lo
ls on the silver wings
of the world's lines! airlinersl Yes.
this- could happen to youl Ahead
of you lies an exciting, prolitiible
future as a TWA hostess. You earn
tl> you learn with TWA. You
ll\ free on your TWA )ass. You
‘lIlt‘i'l new people. am e new friends.
If you can meol these
qualifications . . are betWei-u ‘
‘20-‘37. are 5 '2' to 5 ’8" and weigh
between lllll and I35 lbs. . . .
2 years of college or tulllIVIIll'I‘II:
business c\pcl‘lellt't' or nurses training
hun- u clear coinplouoti . . .
good \ision . . . no glasses .
and are unmarried . . . then begin
\IIIII career as a 'l‘\\'x\ hostess
‘ by contacting

MR. I'Al'l. liI'MlIACII

'I'WA Suite. Sheraton—'l‘cii lu‘yck llotcl

\‘t’t‘tlllt‘.~1tiai)’. May 9
it a m. to 5 pin.

TRANS WORLD AIRLINES

 

