 

r
.
V
)

  

PAGE 4

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1956

 

Group Forms

For Swimmers

The formation of a swimming
club at State College has been an-
nounced ‘bv John W. McAuley, Jr.,
'58. a member of the steering com-
mittee. The club is being formed by
Brenda J. Buchanan ’59, George F.
Plummer ‘59 and MeAuley.

The club will have as its goals
instruction for beginning swimming,
intermediate swimming, swimmer,
advanced swimmer, senior lifesaving,
instructor’s course, intercollegiate
competitive swimming, diving for
women and men. and synchronized
swimming for women and men. The
club will be designed to promote
health, fun, competition and knowl-
edge of water safety.

Anyone who has an instructorship
in swimming from the American
National Red Cross and is interested
in teaching any of these courses is
asked to contact McAuley through
student mail as soon as possible.
Membership is open to anyone with
a desire to participate in the club’s
activities.

The swimming club will begin its
activities the week after Thanks-
giving vacation. Announcement of
the evening the club will enter the
water and the place will be posted
on the WAA and AMLA bulletin
boards following vacation.

Female Migration Explained;
Instruction Classes State Men Bow To Eskimos

By MARY FITZPATRICK

There is in this school an unfor-
tunate scarcity of men. To phrase
this in a better way (which may help
bolster male morale) there is an
over-abundance of women. No mat-
ter how we phrase it, the result is
always the same. Yearly, deep

Judiciary Board
Names Violators

Barbara Hungerford '57, Myskania
Chairman of Warnings, announces
that the following freshmen are
recipients of warnings for the vio-
lation of a State College tradition.
Two warnings: Robert Trotanglio,
Hedy Schwartz, Gerald Esarner,
Richard Therns, Harvey Abusch,
Joseph Jozefowlcz, and Frances
Jadeck. Three warnings: Paul Rea-
gan, Richard Young Thomas Far-
rell, Richard Therns, and Priscilla
Herbst. Four warnings: Thomas
Farrell, Priscilla Herbst. and David
Case.

For the ﬁrst violation one warn-
ing wil be given by Myskania. A
second offense results in the publi-
cation of the offender's name in the
State College News. A public. apology
to either Student Association or
the Sophomore class must be made
by any third offender. Any student
receiving a fourth warning is auto-
matically disqualiﬁed for eligibility
to run for any class office.

voices (i.e. male) cry out to high-
pitchcd giggles (i.e. female) to re-
main within the narrow confines of
our college campus and to date only
State men. Yearly, we see evidence
of traitors who boast of their off-
campus conquests in the forum of
sweatshirts, hats and tatoos, all
bearing the name or insignia of
distant universities and Greek or-
ganizations.

Assuming the democratic privi-
lege. we hereby undertake to defend
this annual “great migration" to
pLaces and people beyond fair Al-
bany's immediate scope. One argu-
ment has already been advanced.
Girls have an unfortunate innate
desire to have dates (with boys).
One can get tired of weekly movie
excursions “with the girls."

Numerous opportunities greet the
girl who transcends the magic cir-
cle of those who date on campus.
Engineers are often the recipients
of numerous exciting offers to de-
velop untamed areas. Only yester-
day we heard of a young girl who
was giving up dorm life to accom-
pany a young engineer on an ex-
peditionary trip to Alaska (as his
wife. of course). What did he offer
her?~a 1956 model dogsled with
automatic musher, a split level ig-
loo; her own spear, and an inboard
motor powered kayak.

All this leads to but one solution.
Eskimos must be outlawed from the
college and warmer relations pro-
moted among State students.

Student Council Reviews Campus
Commission's Immediate Functicns

The agenda for the Student Coun- dent Board of Finance at its next
cil meeting Wednesday night in~ meeting to give a report on the or-
cluded the following: committee re- ganization's expenditures.
ports, discussion of Inter-Collegiate ( ., - _ -.
Association, a report on All State “Milli? sfg‘g‘t‘tﬁgff' 13303231133;
Ni ‘ht and a review of Cam )us ’ - ‘

8 v. ﬁ ‘ , 1 an all-student entertainment pro-
commISElon and 1'53 funcmons- gram has been planned. Clyde Payne

It was stated that the budget of ‘57. President of Student Associa-
the Women’s Athletic Association tion, on the recommendation of
has been frozen A representative Student Council, will appear before
from WAA will appear before Stu- the next Student-Faculty Commit-
tee meeting to state student policy
on faculty support of All State
Night and State Fair,

Marilyn Leach ’58 was appointed
with the approval of Council as the
fourth delegate to the Inter-Collegi—

Company Gives
   ate Association conference. A mo-
tion to tender Albany‘s resignation

Reduced round trip train fares to to ICA at the conference this week~
New York will be available for the end was defeated, Student Council
Thanksgiving Vacation if at least will evaluate the benefits of ICA at
25 students sign up for the plan its next meeting and will decide
that is being offered announces upon its action at that time.
Donald McClain '59. Vacation Train Elizabeth Stapleton ‘57, present
chairman. Usually. the rate 18 chairman of the Student-Faculty
fill-13. bill “'lth‘lhe l‘edUCUOII al)‘ Committee, announced the new elec-
l3ll€d the fﬂl'e W111 be 01113’ $3.09. tion system of the group. The chair—

The vacation train will leave Al_ man of the committee will be elected
ham, at 1:20 pm. on Wednesday. from both student and faculty
Thercrom all students participating members alternating each semester.
in the plan must meet at Union During the revij of Campus
Station no later than one o'clock Commission, Sondra Brill '57, Grand
and must travel together, Marshal of the organization, report—

At least 25 Students must Sign up ed il lack of freshman try-outs and
for the vacation train. Payment for “tilled the DOSSibi‘lL-V “f the com"
tickets will be accepted at the desk missions dissolution if the situation
in Lower Draper until 3 pm. persmtea'

 

for action!

It’s that new V8 in the ’57 Chevrolet.
It’s as quiet as a contented cat and
as smooth as cream . . . and it’s
cat-quick in response when'you call

No household tabby sitting in a sunny

window ever purred more softly than
Chevy’s new V8 engine. You can
scarcely tell when it’s idling.

 

But when

landscape.

This new Chevrolet V8 puts up to 245
high-compression
your command! It's sassy, sure—but as
tame to your touch as a purring pussy-
cat. Come try the smoothest V8 you
ever put a toe to. 283

you know it’s there, all right! Its right- /
now response keeps you out of highway /
emergencies.
with such ease they seem like level

you nudge the accelerator,

It overpowers steep hills

horsepower‘“ under

 

6
/’ ’°
 old toys
painted. and distributed to needy

/—~\

s. 

his”

  

 

 

Only franchisod Chevrolet (It'd/W's wan“ 7

 

 

LIIIL'VIHMIJ’ '

°rusa.

’57 CH Eth u can],

'270 hp. V8 also available (ll
exiro cosi
inieciion engines with up to

Religious Groups
 Slate Activities

Lucy Schneider ’58. Publicity Di-
rector for the Inter—Varsity Chris-
tian Fellowship, announces that
there wiil be a supper meeting at
the Albany Bible Institute followed
by a missionary Bible study. Those
wishing to attend should contact
Alma Webster ’57.

“Marriage and Divorce," present—
h p ed by Dr. Russell S. Gaenzle, pastor
' ‘ of St. John's Lutheran Church, will
be the topic of discussion at the
Lutheran Student Association meet-
ing this Sunday at 5 pm. Students
will meet at the annex of St. John’s,
16o Ccntral Avenue.

 

Also Raniiei fuel

The Association is also gathering

which will bc mended,

('Iiildi'cn for Christmas Students
having ucccss to any toys which
could bc donated for this purpose
are usle to contact Dorothy Davis
‘59 via student mail before Novem—

<‘, her 30.
iv ,

.
(ornci' (lni.u'io s' licnson

l)|/\|. -I ll")

FLORIST and
(7} R I? ENH ()I lSIi

(Lo/loco l"/III/I/ [or )lc‘t‘ll

 

 

IfI‘..\IINI)IN(I Yllll
Iliiil lllt‘
(.‘l~N'l'l\’Al. NliIW YUliK S'l'A'l'lu'

 

 

bll'l'f‘l, smool/i (Hill 31153)! liio llul /\.i Spoil Loupi. WIIlI body by Ilbllef.

(lisp/(iv [his famous lrmlcmul‘lr

See Your Authorized Chevrolet [hauler

l)l"I"I(7lL' Ul lllc

L. G. Balfour company

Fraternity Jewelers
is lociitcd in
'l'hc Uiiiii-i'.~iiy Post Office
HitYAf‘UBIC. NEW YORK
Lind l<'looi‘ — 171 Marshall St.
.‘syi'ncusc 751—7337

Headquarters for
Fraternity l'ins - Rings - (lifts
Favors — l'lziqucs - (‘ups - Medals

Stationery — Programs

(‘arl Sorensen, Manager
5) i'zicusc ‘39
Wi‘llt' Ul't'lill or visit us and sec
IUl‘ niloi'miilioii complete display
and catalogue Open daily 10 to .‘i

 

 

 

 

“

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. I956

PAGE I

 

 

Kampf Komments:

Regarding Track Issue

 

Snow White and the seven dwarfs attended the special
meeting of the AA Board to determine the future of track
on an intercollegiate level on our campus. That can be
taken as literally as it is printed. Only seven men answered
the call for track interest on Wednesday, and the resulting
dim look taken by this turnout could definitely hamper the
efforts of the administration and AA Board in trying to
bolster the number of varsity sports on campus.

Where, Oh Where Are the Track and Field Men

Last year when the track issue started, the initial
sign—up sheet was filled by some thirty to forty names.
Thereafter, the interest continually slackened until the
time of our first intercollegiate meet with RPI. Thirteen
men went to this meet!

Now, we realize that the interest is somewhere on the
campus, and wherever it is, AA Board is going to make only
one more attempt to find it. This attempt will be made on
Tuesday of this coming week at the AA meeting in room
146 at 3 p.m. We strongly urge any male who is interested
in building up our athletic program to attend this vitally
important meeting. It‘s up to you, the male student body.
if you are interested, to come out. Otherwise. the case of
track will be marked closed.

State Keinng Squad Ends Losing
Skein With 3-1 Win Over HVTI

The ice was finally cracked at sis-tent ihrcc game (‘ffort of 490.

the Siena Bowling ullcys this week Loricchio High

as State‘s representatives to the Jim‘s score represented the high
Capital District Bowling Lcague three game tally for the Pods while
broke their long twelve game losing Sullivan's finale went for the best
streak, For the Feds the three wins ten frame score of the locals.

that they were able to gain ill the In the other newswarthy match
expense of Hudson Valley Tech of the day Union tied with Siena for
came rather easily the league leadership by shutting

Win First out ABC.

 

The opener ended with the. Teach-
ers on the bigger end of a 797-725
score thanks largely to the efforts 3 Mt S 
of Joe Keichum who placed 180 pins 72' 71
in a horizontal position. Tom Sul—
bcspcctaclcd Slonnc stands alone under the
spoilight‘s number one spot this
wcck for his fine play against

livan followed the
kcglers with 160.

In “W middle [m “1" “WI” m" Snylcs on Wednesday Paul Sloane

gan appearing on the Pcd score
sheet as split after split emerged
from the tenpins. After the tally
was finished it was State 722, HVTI
738

The night‘s bowling ended with
the Statesmen capturing their last
game and thus their first series in
four weeks. The fiinilc siiw Tom
Sullivan throwing ii 189 game to
finish up with ii 480 for ihc night.
Jim Loricchio iiidcd ill the cause
as he threw ii 176 to end up 11 con-

of SLS is the person we‘re speaking
of. Paul, who plays center. quarter—
buck and defensive linebacker for
SLS was in on many plays in the
fray against Siiyles. and intercepted
one pass for a touchdown.

Sccond spot in the spotlight goes
to il husky Heightsmnn named Bill
Phillips who is a main functioncr
in ihc Hcights‘ forward wall. In
Collcgc Heights" contest. against
Pottcr, Phil‘s defensive .pliiy helped
keep Potter alcrt and fearful.

 

IT’S FOR REAL!

My car's a wreck .

 

PHILOSOPHY FOR TODAY

“You ask me why I smile,” he said,
“When H-Bombs hang above my head,
. . my gal has ﬂed
My money’s gone . . .
Why do I smile? . . . You ask me why?
CHESTERFIELDS! THEY SA’I‘ISFY!”

MOlAli Everything looks bright with

 Chester Field"

   

I’m in the red . . .

  

 

your Chesterfield alight! Cheer up
every smoking moment with more
real ﬂavor, more real enjoyment.
Smile, friend . . . with the smoothest-
taeting smoke today, packed more
smoothly by ACCUo RAVI

Like your pleasure big? . . .
Smoke for real . . . smoke Chesterfield!

O U380“. Q Hymn Tobacco Co,

 

 

 

' lSoccermen Beaten By Panzer,

Union As Victorious Year Ends

Senior Soccer
Players Retire

he last shot has been taken and
the last practice ended. The sun
has set on the universal game of
soccer at State, 1956.

There is something about the last
game. the last quarter, the last min-
ute—it seems so long when it is
there but so short in retrospect.
For the Seniors, it was in a sense
an eternity—it will always be a lit-
to more recent than any other sec-
ond of any other ball game in their
memories.

For Bill Bonesteel it will be the
memory of long hours of sweat and
strain finally recognized in the hon—
or of a co-captainship.

For Bobby Backer, sidelined by an
ankle injury, it is the memory of
his toughest game ~ the one he
played on the bench. Bob‘s loss to
the squad was a major factor in
their final loss to Panzer on No-
vcmbcr 10, for heart and hope alone
cannot put the ball into the net.
Bob will always be remembered by
icamimttes and team personnel for
the spark behind the club was gen-
erated largely by him.

For Tito Guglielmone, it will be
the memory of his shutout win over
Geneseo to start the season; his
spectacular save to rob Plattsburg
of n game winning goal before State
look it in overtime, and his year as
co-captain of a great squad.

For Al Lederman it is memory of
great play to win plaudits during
the season only to be thwarted by
an injury on the filial day; for Ray
Castillo, Ev Weiermiller, and Jim
Bailey it is the memory of satisfy-
ing work for a good reward—a win—
ning season.

Each of these Seniors own the
memory of a season well played—of
IJciilL', able to hold his head high and
being proud to have worn the pur-
ple of Albany State

Chi—Wham!

Gridiron Title Goes To Potter,-
Vets, SLS Vie For Second Place

In thcir final gamc of the sca—
son, Potter Club clinched the Iii-
iianiurnl Touch Football champion-
ship by virtue of an 8—0 victory over
College Heights. Led by Toni Brier-
ly, the Club went through an eight
giiinc season undcfcaicd. It was the
some old story in this game, as
Bi'ici‘ly once more put his iicrinl at-
tack to use. This time the tally toss
went to Harry Millett for the lone
M'ol't‘ of thc giimc via thc touch-
down route. Potter‘s other two points
('nilif‘ whcn Ron Frick sicppcd nvci‘
iIic outside line in his own end zone.
'l‘iic field was muddy and the ac-
Illill was gcncrully bclicr on dc-
l'ensc than on offense.

Vets (‘lose In (in Second

By virtue of their 13-0 triumph
ovcr the Humps, ihc Vcts moved
toward second place Ill lcnguc uc-
lion with one giunc lcfi against SLS,
which would dccidc sccond pliicc. A
bird pass from ccntcr plagued ilic
lluinps in llic first period and ac—
i‘iiiilill’fl for llic Vcis' first score.
It'l‘llllk Sw'iskcy oi the Humps was
back to punt, but the pass from
('(‘iili‘l‘ wcnl. by him into the end
/.onc. whcrc Russ Hall fell on it for
six points. ri‘hc. cxti'a point was
good. The Vets scored again in the
second Iiulf on a pass from Gran--

 

Backer Injured In

Union Fray;

Panzer Victorious In Finale, 5-2

The road came to a rocky end last week as the Purple

shirts of Albany State twice
sorbing season-ending losses

took it on the chin by ab-
to Union and Panzer.

The 1—0 defeat Thursday afternoon brought to an

end the five game winning
the best squads ever to wear

streak rolled up by one of
the purple and gold as well

as cost them the services of Bobby Backer whose spark
was sorely missed by his teammates thereafter.

BZ Victorious In
Volleyball League

By finishing an undefeated sea-
son with five victories, Beta Zeta
became the 1956 WAA volleyball
champions. The sorority setback
Park House, Phi Delta, and Brn 11
before turning back Kappa Delta
and Chi Sig in the round-robin
playoffs.

There were twelve teams in the
tournament, and (‘ilCIl team played
three games. If a team was un-
defeated in these three games, it
made the playoffs. Such was the
case with Chi Sig and Kappa Delta.
KI) Bounces Chi Sig

In the first game of inc finals,
Chi Sig was defeated by Kappa
Delta. KD capitalized on ii twenty-
live point first half and went on to
win, 33-22. Then in a close contest,
82 pulled out a close 30-28 victory
over KD, after KD had jumped to
a 17—12 half time edge. Chi Sig fell
before BZ by the same score that
they lost to Kappa Delta, 33—22.

The animal WAA basketball tour-
ney will commence soon after
Thanksgiving vacation, and WAA
Council would like to scc as much
interest in the hoop gamc as there

Fluke Decides Union Tilt

It was a fluke goal that provided
the margin in the win for the Gar-
net as Scocco of Union gained the
distinction of bring the only per-
son to score upon the Feds while
lying flat on his face. The 100-1
chuncc came when an attempted
pass giant-ed off a State player and
ciuighi Tito Guglielmone off guard
as he never had a chance on the
scrccncd hall from his left.

The angels must have been in
the halfback and fullback slots in
the second half of that ball game
when shots that would score any
other time didn‘t score and Eddie
Koubcck‘s bcsi effort of the season
was marred when he lost a great
scoring opportunity in the third
period.

So went the Union game on a
goal in the second period by Scoc-
co to halt a five game win streak
and make the season record 6-2.

On Saturday the chilly field at
Panzer Collcge was the scene of the
ninth and filial game of the 1956
season. The 5-2 score at the final
whistle being in Panzer's favor. It
was Ev Weiermiller and Bill Bone-
stccl who hit the scoring range for
State in an inspired second half
which was overshadowed by a poor
first half in which the Purple spot—
ted ilic Maroon three goals to trail

ayﬂower

209 Central Avenue

WHERE EVERY SANDWICH IS A MEAL!

“as m W116“ b‘lll' 4,-1 ill the midway mark.

Bill Boncsteel's penalty kick in
ihc third period made the score 4-2
until the fifth and final goal was
Inllicd in the fourth period by Pan-
,1cr to complete the scoring.

adds to Thompson, who iniidc .‘I
spcctaculin' grub for the six pollllf'l‘.

College Heights bounccd back
from their defeat to Polici' and
wallopcd APA by ii count of 18-0.
Paced by Bob Darrow and Ron
Frick. ilic Heightsnicn took full ad-
vaniiigc of APA‘s luck of men and
nnidc l'Cllt‘illl'd charges through the
APA forward wull.

Their first score ciunc on :i irczik
pliiy wlicn “llooi” Siciziiio hallcd
thc bull right into iIic arms of .i
Heights i‘cccivcr and 111‘ l'iiccd it
short distiiiicc to pay (Ili‘l. Ron
F’i'ick scored ilic second fully for
ilic Hciuhts on it (Hi yard run. Joe
Liaii't'lzi accounted for iln- lIlll'd
scoi'c, Bruin Mortcnscn of APA was
nipn'cd iii the lllli‘d quarter, and
llllt‘l' :i trip to thc hospital, was rc-
lcnscd pciidnic virus of X—i'iiys.
Sigma Slorins ()vcr Siiyles

VVt‘lIIll'hfillX'n .iclioii found SLS
i'uniiiiig, ]).i.‘ihll1i.;, niici'ccpiiiig,
cliio'giiiv. .uiri \‘li'lllully slorining

 

o\/ci' Snyli'h lol' if 38-0 iii loi'y winch
lwin HM“ m t'UHh’HUW 1"!" MW“ 'l‘iio Guglielnione (left) and Bill
pluci‘. hiH'iHi.’ “1113' WV“ “WWI-5 1” Bum-steel pose for their last picture
dnlc. llllfl illlL‘ gnmc lcli \\llIi [he “5 (i0_(vapmins 0“ “n. 1956 Soccer
Vets. b‘lUilIH‘. 'IVIlJlJt‘U-e- Li‘RU‘lWH‘V ’l‘ciun. They are succeeded by Paul
Orinshcc and 'li'cadwni scored for “mum”. and (run Maw“

SL5.
Gerald Drug 00.
217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 6-8610

 

 

 

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave,
Near Washington Ave.
2 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

 

 

