 

 

 

 

Awm‘ztifr. you new gar-an!» we...“ ., ..

PAGE 2

Safety First . . .

In Tuesday afternoon’s intra-mural football game on
Dorm Field three players were seriously injured and three
others were temporarily incapacitated. The number of
injuries would have been reduced if the proper equipment
had been worn by the players.

Last spring the students voted to include a $2,000 line
in the budget of the Association of Men’s Intramural Ath-
letics which would provide for this equipment. Unfortu-
nately the line was later deleted from the budget. We feel
that the deletion was made primarily as a sacrifice to other
items in the Student Association budget so that the over-
all budget would not prove to be staggering. The sacrifice
was made in the budget on a new item which students
were still undecided over how they felt about it and where
only fifty percent of the male enrollment had any concern.
Students would object to this cut but they would probably
not have the strength to oppose the cut.

We would recommend that Student Association itself
be more careful in the drawing up of next year’s budget.
Cut each budget down to the essentials. Delete some of
the less essential lines such as freshman brochures and
keys. This will minimize the overall budget and allow for
inclusion of necessary equipment.

The second solution that we can see is the deletion of
intra-mural football. Of course, Education books call for
vigorous physical activity, and football at State has always
been one of the most actively supported sports. When
these games are being played we see team work and team
spirit. Students are given a chance to exert themselves
physically rather than mentally, and if you are going to
have a sport you have the responsibility to make it safe.

State Marches On . . .

In today‘s convocation Myskania will present a motion
to change the method of nomination for election to Who’s
Who in American Universities and Colleges. In previous
years the only method of nomination was open nomina—
tion in an assembly of Student Association. In this way
no thought was given to what should constitute election to
Who’s Who. Most students were unaware of Who’s Who
and when nominations could be made from any member
of the Senior Class heads started to turn and the first
name or face of a Senior that came into view received
a nomination.

Myskania now proposes to change this haphazard
method of nomination. They propose initial screening of
the Senior Class by a qualified committee consisting of
the Administration, two former members of Who’s Who
and two members of the Junior Class. It is felt that this
will provide an impartial body which can select the quail-
fied Seniors by the use of a concrete criteria. This criteria
will include both academic and extra-curricular achieve-
ment. To provide for further democracy, nominations will
also be open from Student Association as a whole meeting
in convocation.

Political parties have nominating conventions. They
do not leave the selection of their candidate up to the will
of a group which has not had sufficient time or interest
to make worthy nominations.

For the prestige of the college and of Who's Who we
must select candidates who have actually made a contribu-
tion to their college. In former years Who’s Who has been
just another election without people knowing that elec-
tion to it means national recognition for the students and
the college depending upon the quality of students we
select for election.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY l916

BY THE CLASS OF 19!!)

 

Second Place ACP
October 12, 1050' No. 17

First Place CSPA
VOL. XLI

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Monday and Wednesday from 7 m
11 p in and Tuesday from It to 0 p in, at 2-3320, Ext 11 Phones Lawrence 245126
Schlotthuuber Zviifilil. Kampi 2-9070

'l'ne undergraduate newspaper of life New Yi‘lii’. Siaii- College for Teachers:
published every Friday of the College ,eor ii) the NEWS Home for the Student
Association.

MARCIA LAWRENCE - - Editor-lirChlrf
KEITH YANIHIII - - ~ - - Public Relation» izdiior
MAItY ANN S(.‘III.O'I"IIiAi'Itiuit - - v - - IIIInIlII‘hh Advertising Minnixer
JOYCE MILYI;ILMANN - - - - - - - Circulation Editor
MAINE I)E'I"I'MI'.'I£ - - ~ - - - - - - Ansoeiutc Editor
JOSEPH HZMU‘JK - - - - ' - ' - - Amounts Editor
AR'I‘IIIIIt WAVI‘NIK — ' ~ - ~ - - ~ Feature Editor
nonui'i‘ KAMI'F ‘ - - - - ' ' - - - - Sports Editor
"mu," wauzongr . - -- - — Consultant Sports Editor
JOHN uthrjus - - - - - - _ - ~ Associate Feature Editor
WILLARD (iII.l.li'I"I‘II - - r - - - - ~ Stall Photographer
A” C,,,“,,,umwiioh.«. should be dfiiiiii‘iniﬂi to the editor and iiiiihl be signed. Names
Mu be Wuhmm on request The H'iA’l‘f; COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions Cxpilnmmi in its mlumm or communicuiions. as such expressions do not

necessarily (ell-2e! its views.
W“

 

If ART. PALAfZaOpLzaA I

PALACE

Solid Gold Cadillac with Judy
Holiday and Paul Douglas. A com-
edy based on the smash hit of the

same name which enjoyed a two .

year rim on Broadway. Also show-
ing is White Squaw with David
Brain and Moe Wynn. In Techni-
color. Note well. Tolstoy’s War and
Peace will be playing here starting
the 24th, offering special rates for
students.

STRAND

Toward the Unknown with Wil-
liam Holden, Lloyd Nolan and Vir-
ginia Leith. See William Holden
break the thermal barrier. See Vir-
ginia Leith worry her fool head off
because William Holden breaks the
thermal barrier. Also see Amazon
Trader, a quasi~travelogue about
crocodiles, snakes bigger than
they've got any right to be. primi-
tive savages, and jungle, Jungle,
jimgle.

MADISON

The Bad Seed with Nancy Kelly
and Patty McCormack. A real chill—
er about a psychopathic child who
goes around killing all sorts of peo-
ple. An adult movie. so don’t take
your “little” brothers and sisters.
Sunday they’re showing a couple
of very good oldies, Northwest l’as-
sage with Spencer Tracy and Rob-
ert Young, and The Yearling, with
Jane Wyman and Gregory Peck.

(‘OLONIAL

The Great Locomotive Chase with
Fess Parker and Jeff Hunter. In
Technicolor and CinemaScope. Bas-
ed on a true incident during the
Civil War. Good entertainment with
a minimum of historical distortion.
The second feature is Destry with
Audie Murphy, Thomas Mitchell and
Marie Blanchard. The inevitable
western.

DELAWARE

Rifini with Robert Manuel, Karl
Moliner and Jean Sci-vols. A French
import with English subtitles. A
suspense-packed drama of a great
jewel robbery. During the robbery
sequence there is a 30 minute pe—
riod where no dialogue is used.

\\ 64016, 4W! II

Elizabeth Silva is more than
State’s foreign student from Mexico.
she is an excellent example of what
a good will ambassador should be.
Seventeen year old Lissa, as she
prefers to be called. comes to State
from Mexico City. where she rc-
sides with her mother, who is prin-
cipal of a combined elementaiy and
secondary school. and a yotuiger
sister, Patsy Ann.

Graduate At Fourteen

Lissa, already an accredited
teacher in Mexico, graduated from
high school when she was fourteen
years old. She explained that in
Mexico, children attend on clemen-
tai‘y school for six years, and high
school for an additional three years.
The Mexican teacher acquired her
teacher‘s certificate at the Monter-
rey Normal School. She has had two
years of teaching experience at a
government elementary school.

impressions of America.

Like any person who visits New
York City for the first time. Lissa.
was overwhelmed at its sine, especi-
ally ihe skyscrapers. She added
that in Mexico City the tallest
buildings are about thirty stories,
and tend to be more modern in
architecture. than those stateside.
Ii‘uturc English Teacher

The Mexican student finds living
in Brubacher very agreeable In
Mexico, college students reside eith-
er at home or in boarding houses.
In the future, Lissa hopes to teach
Engltsli in her homeland. She is
preparing for this Vocation at State
by taking a number of English
courses. Lissa finds that her classes
here are quite informal. In Mexico.
the teacher assumes an authori-
tiii'iaii role in the classroom.

When it’s time to relax, Lissa
heads for the piano. She also has a
collection of Mexican costumes
which she invites students to iii—
spoct. Spanish students have found
an excellent tutor in Lissa. and she
is quite willing to aid them. Finally,
she wishes to express her thanks to
the faculty and students who are
making her your at State a com-
pletely enjoyable one.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 12. 1956

, (a,

    

  

 

SNAKES

I HATE

 

By I'AGII)AS and MCEVOY

   

Rivalry is good for mortals. Greek Proverb

VERRAL BOIIQL'E’l‘S

Many of the aforemeniioned are due to one of the more illustrious
member institutions of the State University of New York. Cortland
State Teachers' College with a student body smaller than this school
we feel should receive our bouquets for two reasons.

First. they received a sizable bequest from a Cortland resident for a.
bull-ding to be erected in his honor. This is one of many grants. Maybe
Cortland likes the school.

Secondly, rumor has it did for the school's fall formal, music will
be provided by the Sautcr Finnegan orchestra.

Small school» Big orchestra. Big School - - - - - -

AN INNOVATION

In light of last week's dissertation on the degradation of assemblies
which has brought about, to some degree, hick of interest in activities.
we would like to advocate a possible plan of i'OjllVOllllllOii.

Though some people feel this problem is brought about by a meta-
i.noi'phosis in the student. body. we feel it is not so. We should like to
advocate the investigation and vote by the student body on the issue
of initiating a party system. This is a workable plan as evidenced by
other schools.

For those who feel assembly attendance too much of a strain on
their academic endeavors icofiee drinking), we suggest loudspeakers and
TV to strategic strongholds like the Commons. Cafeteria and library.

GENEROUS

What ever became of the other ideas on the expenditure of the
surplus. The committee from Student Council which came up with the
idea of the camp. continued the annual investigation about a Student
Association bus.

The idea should be more than investigated this year, it should be
agitated. The bus besides being transportation for the seventy (70) miles
to the camp. will be a vehicle for public relations for the traveling
State groups.

AGAIN
It's about time again to hear sororities and fraternities slammed.
and State playing home hoop games at the iY'ii' Scotland Ave. Armory
before a capacity crowd. i’l‘his could be uccomplishtxi this yeiu'i
Again investigation about plans for skating on Dorm Field. Since
we can‘t have an RPI Field House maybe we could serounge some ice

ROARING S’i‘AR’i‘ V
Here‘s hoping with the added incentive of a pep rally and snake
dance, our Soccer team will add another win to its streak.

YIC’I‘, STILL, ALREADY

We noticed some publicity on the Albany papers on the State soc-
cer game, "some" meaning near microscopic. We wondci‘ what the other
colleges, home town piipci's. l'li(ll() stations, etc. have received.

If there were an active Aihlcilc Public Relations Board to take, care
of this endeavor, things miuht be different. Another possible situation
Would be reverimg to u Siiiitl‘ii‘ii public i'claiions man as has been done
in previous years,

No keys oil'ei'eri to interested workers.

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY, ()("i‘OIiER 12
10:00 am. Compulsory Legisluiivi- (‘oiixoi-zilioii, l’ugc Hall.
7:00 pm Activuies Night Skit. Page IIiiii.

SA'I‘l‘RiMY, OCTOBER 1::
0:00 pm. (.‘onniiiitei's' Club Solviiop, impi- (iym.

Sl'Nl)AY. O("l‘(iiti'.‘lt H
15:00 pm Rock and itoil l’iii‘iy, i’iiili‘l' Club, 41?) Slide Street

MONDAY. OCTOBER 15
4:00 pm. 1"oruin Speaker, .John W ’i‘abnci', iii‘lllhii'iil‘l' Hall.
0:00 ji.lil. Stale ('oliege News Cub Chm. Iil’lilnii'ili’i' 11;.11

'l‘i'ESDAI’, OCTOBER Iii

10:00uin. Meeting of Uiidei‘gi‘adiiaLe Women living 111 Apartments.
Draper 340
Sophomore Class. Mei-ling. I)l‘ii])('l' 211

400 pin. i"i'e::.hinuii (.‘luss Meeting, Page Hall.

7:30 pm. Cunip lioard Meeting, lii'iibnchci' lhdl

WEDNESDAY. ()("l‘Oltla‘it 17

4:00 pm. Address by Professor George Counts, Htule Chairman of the
Liberal Party, lli'ubuchei- Hall,

15:00 pm. American Chemical Society Reception, Hi‘lliilti'iicr will,

THURSDAY, ()(J'l‘oltlilt iii
2:30 pm. list/i Council Presentation, "liciii'y ivy pm“. “a”
8:00 pm DALA Council Presentation, “Charley's Alilib,” page “a”.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 12. 1956

Do PeOpIe Call You A Worm? So

Join State’s Society Of Snakes

Snake dances are about funny to the first intersection. The inev-
thmgs, There's one tonight, itable horse-drawn bakery truck ap-
proaches. and since horses and

They start at Page Hall. where snakes are natural enemies, a few
each student becomes a scale on {71'01‘9 593195 blte the dust- HOWEVER
a snakes slimy body. Thaw a nasty its all in fun and nobody cares. It’s

, also for a worthy cause . . . one

Way to Wt 1t, 13‘” there are a “3‘5 which is unknown, but which still

of nasty writers around this school. exists. as everything is for a wor-
, _ _ thy cause.

A n y w a y. this brobdignagian
(large) reptile wiggles out of Page
and slithers on to the sidewalk.
where the first casualties take place.
A few students are flattened on
the cement, but what's a few scales
to 5m 01d snake“) The “WWI” Wig“ The weakened reptile approaches
8165 51101133 thel'elm'ev um” 1L comes Brubacher Hall. which incidentally
is the destination of the whole
mess. and as it does. envelops a
number of small urchins that hap-
pen i.o be in the way. This must be
the Worthy cause of the event, no?

As the snake passes Washington
Tavern, about sixty per cent of its
mass is immediately lost, but this
is good. because a half drunk snake
is a dangerous one.

Fraternity Lists

When the beast arrives at Bru.
it breaks up and scatters to the
nearest social function. Since. only

Qualifications
 M  the stronger species survive the or-
deal. the social function usually

Any Junior or Senior interested in turns out to be. ll good one.
becoming a member of Pi Omega
Pi. National Coimnerce Honorary

Fraternity, should submit his name  

to Dr. Edward L. Cooper for con-

sideration by the membership G s '1 d I
committee. announces Herbert Fel-  c 2 u 
First Meeting

ske ’57, President.
Robert Bishop ‘59, Ciliill'liiilil of
1. The intention to become a teach- “19 Steering Commlm’t‘ Hi the
er of business education subjects WCStnlmSl/Cl‘ summit FCHUWSND.
and genuine hum-um h. the how has released the purposes and some
of business, of the plans of the organization.

A prospective member must have
the following qualifications:

2. A minimiun of 15 semester hours The 001191111 Purim-3’35 0f the 01‘-
in business subjects and 6 hours ganization at present are: to give
of education with 1.. point, aver- the students a place to express their
age of either or the {0110ng Christian beliefs and attitudes. to

see how the latter apply to college

life. and to give the students a

chance to inquire. about religious be—

liefs and practices in order to gain

a better understanding of them.

combinations:

:1. 3.0 in Commerce and Educti-
tion and a. 2.0 average in all
college subjects considered as
a group.

Some future plans include: a unit
on “If I Murry ll Catholic." one on
"Basic Protestant Beliefs," and
some short, speeches by guest
speakers. On Sunday there will be

’l'hosc meeting the above (illilllllc- 4. very brief worship period, a report
uiions, place their name in a sealed and general discusaion of it maga-
i'llVl‘lUlM‘ il‘lill'ifS-Sed LU D15 CUUIM‘I' zine ariiclc entitled "Piety on the
Illld 10:1“! the CIIVUIOI)C 0” i115 (li'hk Potomac" and the approval of plans
before November 1. 1056. for ni'xt Week.

Judicial Board Elects
Three Newl Members
Biii'hui‘a Davis '57. President of  Council _ _ I

Residence Council. has announced
the election of three new members
to the Judicial Board of Residence
Council They are: Betty Van aegis of the Department of De-
Viuck, Bi‘tii Zeta House; Beverly finse.

Mcintryc, Brubacher Hull; and Joan
i-lomzm. Psi (hiinmzi House.

. 2.75 in Conunerce and Educa-
tion and a 2.5 average in all
college subjects considered as
a group.

C

There will be u meeting of the
fellowship. Thursday night at 7
pm in Brubacher Hull.

ICoii/iiiiii'd from Pug/c l, Column .31

Committees for the two perform-
unces include: House Arrangements.

Mary Piigidus, Chi Sigma Theta I"l'i‘i(iil Cohen; Tickets and Pro—
liolihi', ilils been elected ihe new grams, Marilyn Leach; External
Secret.ii'y-’i'i'e:isiirei'. The other two Publicity, Lloyd Seymour, Juniors;
members of Judicial Board are Bur- lniei'nul Publiciiy, Eileen Lalley '58,
born Davis, (lamina Kappa Phi, and Robert Burns '57; Reservations,
.10in Stevens. Kappa Delhi House Carol Allen 

JOE’S BARBER SHOP Gerald Drug Go.

53 N. Lake Ave..
Near Washington AVe. 217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
Phone 0~8610

 

2 BARRIERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

ART KAPNER

"i (J! '/x' .S"/'. i 'I'l'f /.\ .5'1 'Ii’.i.\'( 'l-j .l/.i.\"'
ALL TYPES 0i iNSURANCE
5' H71

75 Sldlr .‘éli‘ccl Albany. .'\'. \'.

PAGE 3

phomores Defeat Freshman Class in Softball,-

Yeiiowiackets Retaiiate By Capturing Cheering Point

By WINIFRED YOUNGS

'Twas the night before softball
And all through the dorm
Gremlins and ’Jackets

Lay in dread of the morn.

In anticipation of the big event,
the rivals set their alarms for 9:55

and went to sleep, “while visions Gremlins having an exhiliratlng

of home runs danced in their
heads."

Some fanatic roused the girls an
hour early, and when the Sayles
dwellers looked down at Donn Field
at 9:15 they could see the Green

 

Above is a picture of the freshman cheerleaders at last Saturday's

Rivalry softball game.

Work Continues At College Camp,-

Recreation Trips

Robert Levy '56, Chairman of the
Camp Board. announces that this
past weekend another work party
traveled to Dippikill Camp.

These that participated were:
Merlin W. Hathaway. Assistant
Professor of Physiciul Education.
and Mrs. Hathaway; David Cham—
pagc. Graduate Student; Bruno
Rodgers, Trudy Steinmer, Seniors:
David Lohre '58; Nancy ’I‘ooney.
Maryann Webb, Joan Ross. and
Jane Renter. freshmen. The work

Forum Sponsors

GOP Speaker

Lee DeNike '59, Acting President
of the Forum of Politics. announces
that the Forum will present its
first speaker for this year. He is
John W. 'I‘iibiier. Republican candi-
date for the State Senate from
the Albany district. His topic will
be “The Republican Outlook on the
‘50 Elections," The open meeting
will be Monday at 4 pm. in the
upper lounge of Bi‘UlJilCilt‘l‘ Hall.

'i‘abnci' was admitted to the Bar
of the State of New York in 19:31.
in 1952 he was elected on the Re-
publicun ticket to the Assembly of
New York State from [he third As—
sembly District of Albany Couiily.
He served in this cupuciiy for 1053
and 10:34.

-C()LONIAL-

(‘cntral Avenue Near Quail St.

 

 

Iii-Sal. ()et. lZ—lil

WAL'l‘ DISNEY'S

THE GREAT

LOCOltiO'i‘iVE CHASE
also
DES’i‘itY
with AUi)11'.‘ MURPHY

Both Days from 1 pm. contin.

 

Hum-Mon. Oct. l-l—15
The Rocky (ii'ii/Jiino Hloi'y
SOMEBODY Ul’ 'I‘IIERE
LIKES ME
Pier Angeli - Paul Newman
Sun. from 2:00 pm. (.‘oniiii.

Mon. from 6'30 l).l.’11.

’l‘ue.~Weil.—'I‘hur. Oct. iii-1742i
William Holden -- Deborah Kerr
’i‘lIE PROUD AND
’I‘IIE I’ROFANE

also »
'i‘IiltEE BAD SISTERS
Daily ii'iiiil 6:30 p.iii.

 

 

 

 

 

To Begin Soon

party dug holes for the new wash
house, and painted the inside of
the farm house. The addition to the
house was framed and the rafters
were put up. Now this addition is
ready to be enclosed. The area
around the house was also cleaned.

The Camp Board hopes to finish
all the necessary construction on
the work camp for the present time
within the next three weeks so that
during the remainder of the fall
season recreation trips can be made
to the camp by students and fac-
ulty. A donation of cups. saucers.
and dinner plates were received
from Mr. Corby, Director of Food
Service at the College.

Some members ol' the faculty had
an outing at the camp last Sunday
to inspect the campsite and the de-
velopment which has been com-
pleted so far.

The Camp Board will conduct an
open meeting Tuesday in Brubachei'
Hill] at 7:30 pm. to discuss the pos-
sible sites for the permanent comp.
Rules for the use of the camp Will
:i so be completed at this meeting.
Everyone interested in the camp is
urged to attend this meeting.

pre-game practice in one comer,
and Joan Cali running a preview of
her cheerleaders in their sunshiny
yellow and funereal black uniforms.
Ball gloves began streaming out of
Sayles’ windows and the fellows
soon followed out the doors.

Cheers were loud and hopes high
on both sides as the feminine Yel-
lowjackets went to bat . . . and
then the frosh got a look at Joan
Noie’s fast ball. The Sophomores
proved to have a pretty strong of-
fensive, too, led by Mary Lou Cin—
que's and Joan Nole’s home runs.
Unfortunately for the Gremlins, the
freshmen looked pretty good in the
field; Donna Harris was no mean
pitcher, and Sandy White and Ann
Scott caught some potential homers
deep in the outfield (that‘s a warn-
ing apiece, frosh!) In the 3rd in-
ning. the Gremlins got 4 runs after
their 3rd out, but the umpires de-
cided that it wouldn’t be fair to

allow that to stay. The Class of '59
won. 11-2.

Then the other half took over the
bathe. Bob Battaly led the ’Jackeis
with two hits; Hank Boehning, Joe
Ketchum. and Jack Ormsbee get
two hits apiece for the Gremlins. In
fact. Ormsbee. with his lanky wind-
up, did a lot of damage to fresh
hopes, allowing only five hits. The
Sophomores won that one, 13-6.

There were two teams playing
out on Dorm Field Saturday: the
Class of 1959 vs. Class of 1960. In
the game of Rivalry, both teams
icomposed of the whole class be-
hind the cheerleaders behind the
billi playerSi did an outstanding
job . . . and the score was 4-1.
Sophs.

Director Needs
Members For
Marching Band

Charles F. Stokes, Professor of
Music, announces that all students
interested in playing in the band
for the Homecoming Day Parade
on October 27, report to Room 390
at 3 o'clock Wednesday for a short
meeting.

All musicians. regardless of what
instruments they play. are urged
to volunteer. There is a particular
demand for tuba players and drum-
mers. The parade will also include
baton twirlei's: therefore, any girls
who can twirl batons lli'e also urged
to volunteer their talent to make
the parade ii success.

 

that

Fraternity

FRATERNITY PINS
F‘AVORS - PLAQUES
STATIONERY

WIil'i‘i‘I ()it CALL
Wilt iNi“(liiMA'i‘iON
ANi) (.‘A'l‘Al.()tiliE

 

REMINDING YOU

CENTRAL NEW YORK STATE OFFICE

oi Liii‘

L. G. BALFOUR COMPANY

is located in
THE UNIVERSITY i’osT ounce
2nd Floor — 171 Marshall St.
Sy 'acuse, New York
SYRACI’SE 75—7837

 

Headquarters for

RINGS — GIFTS
— CUPS - MEDALS
— PROGRAMS

 

CARI. SORENSEN, ltiaiiag'er

Syracuse '37

Open Daily 10:00 to 5:00

ti ie

Jewelers

()H VISIT US AND
SEE COMPLETE
DISPLAY

 

 

 

