mmwmruz‘mmwwsm .. ..

i

r.
g}
R.
5;
J
i

i

 

n9‘:1:7“;;2r‘::“~’ h.’ . .

2mg "7 ._

{Tit-unis.

" “it” 

 

 

 

Now that the pigskin of intramurals has been put into
mothballs for the winter, it’s time to tally up a successful
football season, giving credit where credit is due.

Potter Club Champs

The men of Potter Club regained the Intramural Foot-
ball Championship with an undefeated record. The Vets
were hot on their heels with a 6-1 record, which earned
them second place. Third in line was SLS with a 4-3 ﬁnal
record. APA and Sayles had below .500 seasons, and tied
with 3-4 records for fourth place. The Humps and College
Heights, ending the season with 2-5 records, tied for ﬁfth
position. That’s the way they ﬁnished the season, a season
ﬁlled with injuries, sparkling play, upsets, tight contests,
and a few stars who gained recognition for their play.

The captains of the seven represented teams picked
two all-opponent teams. Those who stood out against their
opposition are as follows:

First Team Second Team

End Bob Sischo SLS End Phil Coates Vets
End Bob Fierro EEP End Dave Pitkin Sayles
Guard Tom Sullivan Vets Guard Russ Hall Vets
Guard Tom Treadway SLS Guard Bill Gropp SLS
Center Dave Burroughs APA Center Al Jaquays Sayles
Back Tom Brierly EEP Back Bob Granados Vets
Back Harry Millet EEP Back Bob Kampf APA
Back Tom LaRochelle SLS Back Bill Mackie SLS
Back Tommy Thompson Vets Back Brian Mortensen APA

That’s how the captains picked their toughest opposi-
tion. Anyone who would like to get a team up to face them
is entirely welcomed to do so, only don’t blame us for any
injuries incurred.

We have been asked to pick the game of the year, the
upset of the year, and the most improved team. We’d like
to start in reverse order and pick the most improved team
ﬁrst. This distinction, we feel, goes to the heavy and speedy
Vets squad. In last year’s league, the Vets ended the regular
season with a 1-2 record, and bounced back this year to take
second place with a 6-1 record, losing only to Potter Club.
Sayles Upset Conscience

The upset of the year in our estimation was Sayles’ 9-6
victory over APA. In the beginning of the year, APA was
one of the favored teams, but their loss to Sayles ended any
idea they had of taking a championship. Sayles had a stur—
dy ball club and took three substantial victories during
the season.

. As for the game of the year, we go back to the begin-
ning of the season to the squeaker between Potter and SLS.
Potter held a 12-0 lead at half time in this one, but soon
found their lead out in the third stanza, then tied until
the ﬁnal minutes when a safety decided the contest, Potter
winning, 14-12.

One ﬁnal mark for the football season is that Bob
Fierro and Dick Shands have been named assistant com-
missioners for the ’56-’57 season.

The ball has taken its ﬁnal bounce.

 

 

SANTA CLAUS ANALYZED

Why oh why does Santa go,
“HO-Ho, Ho~lio, Ho-Ho, Ho!"
Is it just because he’s jolly?
I believe he's off his trolley.
. . . Gifts for everyone on earth
Breed hysteria ~~not mirth
If you had his job to do
Bet you'd shake like jelly tool

noun End your gift problems before they start. Give
Chesterfield in the carton that glows for real—to all
the happy folk who smoke for real! Buy lots—~to

do lots for your
Christmas list.

 

Smoke '0' I!!!" I t o
smoke Chesterfield!

w} In! "on phllonoliliicul vuu.
ILL‘ﬂAWd or ‘I‘U'IICMU‘IH.
(Il.«:-1eriisld. r o. um 21,
New Ycrli to, N. Y.

  

my;

  

0 Until t Hyu- Tub-coo Co.

 

 

AMIA Activity
Lists Fall Hoop,
Ping Pong, Kegling

AMIA fall and winter activity
gets under way next week with the
initiation of a tournament in ping-
pong and the annual basketball and
bowling leagues. The swimming club
will also commence its activities
next week.

Twenty Team In Hoop League

Basketball will get under way on
Monday night. The time of the
games, along with the teams play-
ing will be posted on the AMIA bul-
letin board. A check-out system will
be in effect whereby the first home
team will sign out equipment. and
the last home team will be held re-
sponsible for returning it. Three
games a day will be played on
Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days. The commissioners of the hoop
league are Carl Maxson, Bob Fierro,
and Ronny Graves. Twenty teams
have signed up for competition and
will include at least 150 men.
Keglers League At Rice Alleys

The twelve teams signed up for
the bowling league will begin to
roll on a designated day of next
week at the Rice Alleys on West-
ern Avenue. Tom Sullivan and Joe
Ketchum are the bowling commis-
sioners.

Ping—Pong In The Commons

This year’s ping-pong tournament
will take place in the Commons
during the evenings as soon as the
new AMIA tables arrive. Ten teams
of four men each are ready to start
paddling as soon as commissioner
Ed Wilson gives the go sign.

Swim For Health

The swimming club has been al-
lotted funds for continuing activity
at the public bath on Central Ave-
nue though plans for use of the
Hackett School pool are well under
way. Swimming will continue until
Easter vacation.

All announcements, team sched-
ules. times, and dates for all the
AMIA activities will be posted on
the bulletin board.

Hoop Schedule
Shows Record
OF [55-56 Season

Tonight, the Peds travel to
Brooklyn to open their 1956-57 bas-
ketball season against Pace College.
Listed here is this year's schedule
and how the Purple and Gold shap-
ed up against last year’s opposition:

(State score listed first)
Nov. 30— Pace, Away .......... .. (119-89)
Dec. i—-»Maritime, Away  196-71)
Dec. .5—Oneonta, Home  194-64)
Dec. 7——Harpur, Home .. (72-38)
Dec. l4—New Haven, Home 171-74)

Dec. 18-~-New Paltz, Away . 177-73}
Dec. Bow-Pratt. Home ....... .. (09-70)
Jan. 5~~-Plattsburg. Away .. (78—81)
Jan. 8~Utica, Away ....... .. (69-53)
Jan. ll-«Potsdam. Home  (71—67)

Jan. 12--—Ncw Haven, Away 169-78)

Jan. 16~-Oswego, Away  [94-64)

Feb. 5 r—Iiillyci', Away . . (81-75»

Feb, 8 New Haltz, Home 492-58:
9

Feb.
Feb. l2-~Hartwick, Home
Feb. 16 —N. Britain, Away
Feb. 22 Oneonta. Home (56-57i
Feb. "3 ~Sicna, Wash. Armory

WBklyii. Poly, Home
. i51-55i

Feb. 277 Utica. l-lonic  lilo-105i
Mar. “.3 l’liittsburg. Home [till-lib":
Mui'. ii Itl‘I. lIoinc fol-Sm

 

lilleNlllNU YUU
that the
(.‘luN'l'liAL NEW YORK H'l‘A'l‘lL‘
OFFICE of the

L. (i. Balfour company

Fraternity Jewelers
is loi’iitcd ill
The Univcrnty Post (illicc
SliYACUSl'J, Nlt‘W YORK
2nd Floor — 171 Marshall St.
Syracuse 75-7lili’l

Headquarters for
Fraternity l’ins — liings - (lifts
Favors - Plaques - (,‘ups - Medals
Stationery - Programs
Carl Sorensen, Manager
Syracuse '39

Write or cull or visit us and see
for information complete display
and catalogue Open daily 10 to .‘i

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWC. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. 1956

Grapplers Make Ready—

For Brooklyn

Poly Opener

By DAVID MILLER

The second year of wrestling for
Albany State will get under way in
just eight days when the squad of
14 grapplers captained by Captain
Austin Leahy will take to the mat
to face Brooklyn Poly in the Milne
gym at 2:30.

Bolstering a nucleus of seven re-
turning lettermen are five fresh-
men and two Sophomores, four of
whom have had high school experi-
ence.

Wayne Harvey returns in the 137
pound weight class to compete with
Bill Mackie for the right to repre-
sent State in match play under the
system set up by coach Garcia in
the inaugural season last winter. the
mentor having declared that wres-
tle-off prior to each match will de-
termine who will wrestle for State
in each division having more than
one wrestler.

Of great import in the plans of

Coach Garcia's
Grapplers Slate
Nine Opponents

The second season looms for the
grapplers of State under the tute-
lage of Coach Joe Garcia as the
squad enters its second year of
competition in this rapidly growing
college sport.

Scheduled this year are three
teams not playing last year. as well
as live repeaters in the nine game
schedule. RPI twice provides the op-
position, with one match on each
mat.

The matches are conducted in the
Milne gym which can be reached by
making a left turn at the Page Hall
lobby and cutting the ramp over-
looking the college gym.

The 1956—57 schedule:

 

 

Dec. B—Brooklyn Poly .......... .. 2:30
Dec. la—Fairleigh Dickinson" ..3:30
Jan. 9—RPI ............................ .. Away
Feb. 2—Army J.V.'k .  Away
Feb. 9—OsWego ...................... .. Away
Feb. 20-«Yeshiva U.“ .............. .. Away
Feb. 23—MIT ....................... ..  3:00
Feb. 28—Clarkson College .  7:30
Mar. 2-«RPI ................................ .. 2:00

‘New teams. The times are given
for home matches only.

Tennis Tourney

Won By Sung

Sung Il Kim. who came to State
from Korea, swept through all oppo-
sitioii to take the fall AMIA tennis
toiii'iicy. Sung became the Victor by
virtue oi his 6-1, 6-1 victory over
Hank ACcto in thc only match play—
cd in thc round-robin semi-final
round. Bob Kumpf and Aceto were
disqualified because they failed to
complete the semis before the dos—
iginitcd dutc, and because of Weather
conditions.

Wins Without Losing A Set

Sung gained his championship
by taking straight set victories over
.lim Sail'ord, Gene Poe, and Accto.

This is the first your in quite
some time that the tennis tourna-
llll'llt has gone as far as it did, and
had the wciiihcr held out ii little
longcr. the entire tourniiiiiciit would
lnivc bur-ii coinplctcd. As it is, Sung
bccoincs the victor by sonic iinc
play as well us the disquulification
oi the other sciiii-iiiiuhsts. Sung is
a (lrud student. but may get i
(‘llillll‘f' lo dcfcnd his lllll' il thcrc
is a spring ioui'nuinciil.

('oi'iici‘ ()ntiu‘io ZS: Lit‘ihliil

DIAI, 41L")

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

College Flor/it [or l'cim

 

 

 

 

_ Nuiicy

Garcia in the effort to improve up-
on the 5-3 record of last year will
be Dave Goldberg who along with
Wayne Harvey was named the most
valuable wrestler. The 167 pound
Senior has a clear field in which to
compete as no other candidates for
the 167 pound division are out at
present.

Voted the most outstanding wrest-
ler in high school was Charles Kane
of Norwich, who along with Nor-
which teammate Tom Farrel stand
good chances of keeping starting
berths. Charlie will grunt in the
147 pound berth while Tom fights
it out with returnee Don Bindrim
for the 123 pound class.

Joe Hill shows tremendous po-
tential in his first venture in the
mat game and promises by the end
of the season to develop into a.
tough man to beat.

Also hard to throw will be the 177
pound mass of Al ’I‘uttle who re-
turns after a successful season last
winter as the Sophomore from
Peekskill. He is backed by Bill Ray-
nor to insure the success of the
heavyweight class.

The 157 pound division is held
down well by another experienced
freshman. Arnold Rothstein, who
comes from Brooklyn and will wres-
tle his town town college next week.

Dick Robare also is a new comer
to the sport of grunts and groans
as the freshman from Ellenburg
Center figures in the plans of the
team during the coming season.

The team is ready. rested, and
willing. Elsewhere on this page is
a schedule of matches — the times
and dates of each home match. It is
of course expecting too much of the
scholars at State to tear themselves
away from the books and studies
on a Saturday afternoon and show
some spirit by supporting the team;
however should any of the spirit
which must lie buried in the hearts
of some State students be kindled.
it would be great to see a few fans
in the stands.

WAA Begins
Swimming Classes

For Life Savers

WAA activity this week centered
on swimming. Lifesaving classes be-
gun on Tuesday night under the
direction and instruction of Lee
Hazeltine '57. These classes. which
are conducted at the Jewish Coin-
munity Center pool, are open to
.ill WlJJlL’ll of State College and will
be offered every Tuesday evening
at 7:l5 pm.

('ompletion Means (‘ertil'iczite

All woincn who r-oniplctc this
course will qualify for :in Amci'ican
Red Cross I.ifc Saying Certificate.
In order to qualify for fl ccriilicuic,
iill participants must have fiftccii
hours of siipcrviscd lll‘ilt'lh'f‘ and
two hours of testing.

()pen Swimming ()i‘l'crcd

Bcsidcs the life suvnig classes,
opcii swimming will be oii'ci'cd ut
the pool also. Sully Weeks '59 is in
charge of inunuiiiig the open swim-
iniiig. She will instruct any woman
who is interested in learning to
swim or who would like to iiiiprch
her ability lll swhnrning.
Basketball Soon

WAA Will begin its other full and
\\Illll‘l' il('llVlIll'n in the Vci'y near
future. The annual basketball lcii-
guc Will be held in thc Pugc (lyin
us Bliiill on plans are coiiiplcicd.
Schiicidcr. Prcsidcnt oi
WAA. is looking forward to having
u.» much inicrcsi in basketball as
thcrc nus iii ilic vollcybull ioiii‘nu-
iiicnt won by Iiclu Zciu sorority.

WAA will also be conducting a
biidiiiiiiioii touriiuinciii in the near
future. 'l‘hcrc will be singles. dou—
blcs, and iiiixcd doubles competition.

Paul Holly GotlooShop

0 North Lake Avenue
across from Albany High School
Budget Lunches and Special
$51.01) Full (.‘ourse Sunday Dinner

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

STATE COLLEGE N EWS.

LOOKING Ul’. Pictured above is the 1956-57 State varsity basketball squad. Back row (I. to r.

("-ntain .lack Minon, John Rookwood, Don Mayer, Ken Burmcister, Gary Holway, Tom Baughan, Dick (:ausey.
Center row. .loe Anderson. Tom lloppey. Jerry Davie, .lohn McDonough. Front row. (‘oach Richard Sauers.

Bowlers Hold ABC, League
Leading Union Five To Drows

John Benton. Manager.

JV Hoop Squad

To Meet RPI in
Season Opener

By RON FRICK

The Junior Varsity basketball
team of State will take to the road
on Saturday for their opening game
of the season. The opposition will be
furnished by the Engineers of
RPI. The game is scheduled to get
started at 1 pm.

Bernstein ls Coach

Coach Bernstein is being ilSSl.\l.l.‘(l
in his coaching job by Bill Walker.
The coaches have been having a
hard time getting enough players
to fill all the positions offcrcd. AL
presunt there are only clL-ven mcii
on the team. These men are: Tony
Arrons, Jerry Bisson. Frank Cali-
nizzo. Jerry Davie, Richard Hath-
away. Pi to Lay. Dick Mclumcd. Paul
Rissbci'gcr. Frcd Roscnbuur-r. James
Thompson. and (His Tillinun. ’l‘hc
tcam is being iiiiiiiiigcd by .loc Joac—
fowicz. All of them show lil‘iilillst‘.

Couch Bernstein said liliil all the
boys have :in equal chuncc of got-
iiiig ii starting bcrih. Win-ii :iskcd
for it prediction on
opciici' he said that ihi- ll'lllll wnl
be out thcrc hustling. Up lllllll this
past wcck. the men haul hardly any
competition for the lll‘hl string
Now willi iiiorc incn out ioi' ihc
tciim ilicy ill‘f‘ gciiing llli'll' (lilil~
petition.

ltoutinc l’riicticc

Buskctbull pl‘ul'tli'l' goe- through
lhc siiiiic i'oiiiiiii- cyci'y nigh: 'lln-
iiicii conic in ill 0:30 pm. sliui'pcn
iip thcir cycs and drill indniduully
Afici' this they try to scc how many
lay ups they can iiiuki- in n row.
0n Wi-dni-sduy night of thin wcck
lhc icani iiiudc liliy—chcii right
hand lay ups in a row Alll'l‘ lay
lips. coach has iliciii \\ol'k on long
Shots, Jllllll) shots. and foul shots
Stine oi the men have bccii hitting
pi'ctiy regularly on their long shots
and Jump shots. After going through
tll(‘M‘ pi'chiiiiinii'ics. the team Works
on plays and HIV“ scrimmages for
the reinaiiidci' oi the practice tiiiic.
The team has u lot of good players.
The drivers scciii to have plenty of
speed and the long shot artists are
hitting the cords quite oitcn.

19 Game Schedule

The team, huvnig a human
schedule this your, will be trying to
better the 6 and 8 record of last
year. They will face if) opponents
this season. _

The J.V.’s will play their first
home game on Wednesday evening
at 7:30 pm. against the J.V.'s from
Oneonta.

Saturdays ..:

Eveii-stcphen became the pattern
for the State College keglei‘s as
thcy played their intercollegiate
bowling foes to a draw for the sec-
ond straight week After splitting
the decision with ABC the night
before the holiday break. the Feds
returned this Tuesday to play Union
on own ltl‘lllS.

'l'hc pro—holiday mulch saw State
capture a sole middle game win. but

New Hoopsters
Show Promise
On Sauersmen

With the Varsity hoopsti-rs on ihc
road for llll‘ll' opening game this
season it may well be that the an—
nual crop of ncwcomcrs to the squad
may bccoinc quite familiar to loyal
Pcd fans t\'(‘ll before thc opcnin-
whistlc in tlic confines of Page
Three lll“.\'(‘tilll(‘l'.\ to thc Pcd con-
iinacni this your who ari- cxpcctcd
ll luioiliuri/c ihcinsclvo. \zu ihcir
(‘li'll'l lcrl'oiniuiiccs this \\'l'.l{l‘llfl
c John McDonough. 'l‘oin Bun:—
ll.fll and Kcii Bili'llli'bli'l'

:\’li'l)()lllillllll. ihc only iiniiilicr o1
lhc trio who stands undci' the MN
loot mark. is [lli‘ only ll'lllll on ll'i

Huucrsincn ’l‘hc Cui‘boiiiliilc. Pu.
cm I is outsiuiidin: on dclcnsc und
iiiu_\ \\cll gum in >llll'llllL‘. lil’l'lll fl~
tlic your pi'ogi'csscs
liiirini-idcr Biggest

'i‘ln- bi: inun of tlic lll'\\'.'lilll(‘l'5 Is
llliiii. N Y 's. Kcn lhii'incisicr. \\ho
low-is llll'i'l' liiclics o\ci‘ lhc six foot
liipc 'l'hi- soplioinoi'i- \‘l‘ll'l‘illl ll.l:~ll'l
pluyi-d tlic hoop gainc ioi‘ livc _\'l‘ili'.-
bni l> showing Slilli'l'n il lot «ll
husili

“thn his indniduul Skills in
lllll‘(l iiilo thc iciiiii puitirn
could bccoinc an \‘Xl'i'llt'ill biillpluy-
' This quote “‘01” Coach Siiuci's
dcsci‘ibcs the i'cmiilnlng iiicinbcr of
Starr's iii-w cugci's who hails il'Ulli
Yonkers. N Y. l“ol‘ Sopli 'l‘oiii
Iiiiuihiiii and ior ilic i'csi ol the
ciilci's it should pro\c to bc fill
lnlci'cwllii‘.’ yi‘iii'.

,-

with a single win margin big enough
to add total wood to their score-
book.

Sullivan Tops Again

Tom Sullivan and Joe Ketchum
came through in ﬁne fashion :is
they turned in efforts of 581 and
529 respectively. .loc ended the
second contest live pins shy of the
200 figure while Tom turned in in—
dividual games of 154, 210 and 223
for his bi; total.

After drawing with the Business
school the locals then turned to
league leading Union College and
prevented the Schenectady squad
from gaining ground
Who Else?

Sullivan again paced the teachers
lll this march as he tallied games
of 1:32. 192. 173 for 517. The States—
mcii again returned to their old
pattern of getting across a big
middlc gumc win and thus capture
t: tiil piniiutic.

State
'I‘hoinpsoii 121 153) Bill
Lori'ichio 1].“) 174 285i
Pcii rson . l7l 1‘37 298
Adclsoii l—lli 18-1 133 46;)
Kctchuin lliii lli7 1.35) 40;)
Sullnuii 1.311 is: 173 f) 7
’l olal 704 B7!) 752 $33
l’iiion 747 7135 83-1 230".
Lciiiic Standing;
l'iiiorz L’l‘, 7
Sir-m , ill ‘.; 8.
ABC 18 l“.
Siiilc l3 lil
HI’I . ll) 22
liV'l‘l ‘J 23

7eac/a

The call went out today for all
those men interested in truck to
meet with Mr. Merlin Hathaway.

l Director of Physical Education, in

his office Monday at ‘l p.m.

The call comes in the midst of
Athletic Advisory's Hoard decision
on the future of track at State. The
answer to the call will have a strong
influence on the Board's final de—
cision slated to be given at their
weekly meeting this Thursday.

The SnaCk Bar Caters

to the Common Man

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. 1956

 Cagers Open Twenty-Two
Game Slate Away,- Face
Oneonta in Page Opener

PAGE 7

State’s twenty-two game 1956-57 varsity basketball

season opens tonight in the Pratt Institute gymnasium in
Brooklyn against Pace College of Manhattan. Tomorrow
afternoon, the Peds will move into the Bronx to take on the
Fort Schuyler Maritime Academy Five. These two games
make up the ﬁrst big weekend of basketball for Coach
Sauers’ improved cagers.

Thirty Point Spread Last Year

In the Pace-State game last year, the Sauersmen rolled

up one hundred nineteen points to outscore the Manhat-
tanites by thirty points.
match for the Purple last year. This year the game is being

The Black and Gold were no

played on a court almost as puny as our bandbox, but the
statesmen will have to cope with glass backboards, which
have been their jinx in pl‘e—season scrimmages against some
of the Capital District teams. Coach Sauers plans to start
with Gary Holway, last year‘s number one record breaker;
John Rookwood, steady ballhawk and play-maker; Dick
Causey, who has the height and ability to help control the
backboards; Joe Anderson, fast-breaker and speedy play-
maker of the team; and Captain Jack Minon,set-shot artist

Tomorrow afternoon when the Peds move into the
Bronx, the line-up is likely to change depending on tonight’s
outcome. State also vanquished Maritime last year, but the
Schuylermen have always been tough for Albany State
teams, and this game should prove a tight contest. The Peds
walloped Maritime, 96-71 in last year’s Page Gym meeting,
but the Academy’s home court has the same trying glass
backboards that State will have to put up with against Pace.
Foul Shooting Percentage Low

As in the past. this year's squad is lagging in foul shoot-
ing accuracy. In pre-season scrimmages, the Sauersmen
compiled a mediocre 54'; of foul shots made. Coach Sauers
explained that this may have been caused in part by the
glass backboards at Union which his charges have been un-
able to solve. In most of the other hardwood departments, the
Peds have shaped up fairly well thus far, and with the ad-
dition of the two big men, Ken Burmeister and Tom Baug-
han, and the ﬁne young playmaker, John McDonough,
State may ﬁnd itself on the better half of this year’s
twenty—two game season.

State will open its home season on Wednesday night by
playing host to Oneonta State Teachers College in the Page
Gym. The Oneonta game in Page was another wide margin,
of victory for Coach Sauers’ ﬁve last year, but down One~
onta way, the Oneonta teachers nipped Albany, 57-56 in
an early season contest. The Varsity game will follow the
JV preliminary game which will start at. 7 pm.

Tougher Schedule This Year

By the surface appearance of this year‘s squad, the
outlook for a winning season seems to be in order. However,
with the addition of Siena, Brooklyn Poly and New Britain
to the '56—‘57 schedule, this season is all the more rough
than last year. The Sauersmen also have to face the NAIA
invitation tournament representative. Plattsburg, twice. as
well as RPI. Utica and Hartwick.

Coach Sauers will be relying on his high scorer. Gary
Holway, to come through with another excellent season.
Gary had 497 points last year to set an all time State rec-
ord. The team is packed with height this year, mainly in
the persons of Ken Burmeister. Don Mayer. Dick Causey,
John Rookwood, and Holway. Joe Anderson, Jerrie Davie
John McDonough pack the speed on the squad, and all are
sharp playmakei's. From the outside, Jack Minon is often
deadly, as is Tom Hoppey and Tom Baughan.

In the past, it has been the policy of the student body
to really support our basketball team. There were games in
Page last year when the area underneath the baskets was
as packed as the seating area. The appearance of this year's
team on the court Wednesday night ought to be greeted by
another packed house. This occurrence would then give the
writers of the sports pages of the NEWS the opportunity to
start the chant for a larger, more appropriate gymnasium
for our expanding student body. There‘s an old saying that
where there's smoke, there‘s fire. When the Sauersmen get
hot this year, there‘s liable to be plenty of smoke hanging
around the hoops, so make it a point to be at Page when
the fireworks start, even if you’re not a pyromaniac.

 

ART KAPNER

“l'OL’R S'I‘.-l'l‘lt' l.’\'SUR.Af.\'('l£ .ll.-l.\"‘
ALL TYPES oi' INSURANCE
5—1471

75 State Street Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

