 

PAGI I

Cooperation . . .

Last weekend a concrete demonstration was given of
the cooperation which can exist between the students and
the faculty. Organizations put all their energy behind the
foreign student benefit.

Laid semester might have been symbolized in many
students“ minds by apathy, but State Fair helps to prove
that conditions are changing for the better. We wish to
express the thanks oi' the student body to Marilyn DeSanta.
General Chairman of the event and her committees who
made, the Fair a success.

A Solution? . . .

[u the editorial column three weeks ago the sad condi-
tion of the Association of Men’s Intramural Athletics was
)i'esenied. A part of their trouble seemed to stem from
the fact they had no itemized bills to accompany their
lV‘fliilfIllf‘I’H which they submitted to Student Board of
‘iiariee.

This limit reflects the inadequacies of both of these
stiu'ient groups. Student Board of Finance took action this
week to remedy the situation by recommending that all
reqntais for money be accompanied by bills. These bills
will only be accepted from the retailer to whom the money
is to he paid.

Sf talent board of' Finance also proposed that they keep
a more rigid watch over all line spending. In the past, or—
ganizations have been able to overdraw lines and then
appeal to Student Association to pay the bill. Some organi-
zations are also given lump sums for conference lines and
no itemized expense accounts have been demanded.

New Student lioard of Finance has set up a system to
correct these inefficiencies. What now remains is the en-
f‘oi'eeinent of these rules. The easy part is finished . .
talk is cheap.

Bigger and etter . . .

(.l i March If) the State College Revue will be presented.
Each year this strictly original show gives students an op-
poi'tunliy to express their talents in the directing or acting
phase In addition to providing good entertainment for
about law hours.

This yea "s ltevue promises to be a very successful
one. a look around school will demonstrate the unique
and colorful publicity afforded the show.

The music for the Revue is also original. This will be
Hliiylllli'llit‘lllf'fl by dancing. The theme of this year‘s show
represents a complete change from last year‘s effort. The
plot. e infniiis elements of a serious nature interspersed
with :‘dfa of comedy.

Another pleasing aspect of the State College Revue is
lhe it uiiber of students who are helping to produce it.

More Ilifli :zoo students are helping to make this Revue
the in ll yef Many of these people are relative newcomers
on in acetic of exfra-curricular events.

The ailverfhilng for the Revue has been conducted
quite t sieniiIVely. if. is hoped by the advertising committee
that e loiai oi lino patrons will be pledged at the end of
l.lif'(l.’1vt‘ Next Week.

E. keep In mind the date for your State College Re-
vue. ’iou can be one of the patrons of this year’s event by
buyhn a ticket 'l‘ickcfs Will be on sale Monday. Let‘s
boost :iiale ('ollege Revue way over the top. We've got
lhe :in at, now all We need is your support.

mums"... l

 

       

git/“"723: STATE COLLEGE NEWS
(ELL 1“ ESTABLISHED MAY 19l6
 LIY THE CLASS OF 1918

I"li‘-l l’a ie t’ifi'a First Place ACP

viii. 7-. i March 2. liloo' No. 4
|.|. . i .i '.r .‘. l 't‘l i..-. in l‘ .ii': iii «.a‘. aiol \‘t'ednewila\ from 'I to

H I. p ' ii I l l‘ l' mu la .iien t _' HJI; Suhth ifi’J‘Jl. Yaiidoli ll-llfl.i'.l

in If lit 1 l ' ll i 1 its. r. .l ‘.ihl.i ’
|., i. it. ta papil ol the Ni w York State College for 'l'i'ai‘lii'ra,

pip... . - Ii. ii ii. of ‘t.e iota-qr year by th~ NI‘IWH lloard lor the Hiudeiii

r\ illi fii‘it i

\I \iii if ('irlidllor iii-('Iiii-i

I"\Ni\l|
lilfnii. uHiili
sitii‘i in lliit‘ii
UH‘HII it'viiitii
Muii M s 1d liliiililtllil.“
mill “fitiiititﬁ‘

(‘u-Editoi'»in»(‘hii-i

- ltxeeliilve Editor
Public Relations Editor
Iiusiness Advertising Editor
- Circulation Editor
Associate Editor
Associate Editor

- - Sports Editor
Associate Feature Editor

iowi PM I no it
“will. HtiiiI/Hit‘iiil v . .
form an. sine.

M It i \lii fill ii iii. < - - - - - Stall l'hotouraplier
All ffitli ,. hit or... .i.oini int ittllllei.:.ell lo the idltor and llillst be si -
‘ I I . . . . gnui Nainei
Mp I“ H ...,...| i... iiqtn .t lne HiAll'. (ttildil'XiE NEWS assumes no llrnpoilsllllllt):
[or up i. i raid: r id in it. lUIIiIHlli oi communiciiiioiis, as such expressions do not
Hititaitt illli ti iath
.4

 



 

 

6'me

To the Editor:

Last weekend marked one of the
most satisfying events that takes
place at State—our college—giving
a boost to foreign students by way
of State Fair.

The event was most successful,
not because of any one committee
or any one organization, but be-
cause of 40 groups organizing and
working to present a series of con-
cessions. It was successful because
the faculty and administration
backed it IOO’It—it was successful
because State College students turn-
ed out in full force to enjoy them-
selves for an evening.

To the faculty, to my committee
in particular. and to the whole stu-
dent body I extend my thanks.

Marilyn DcSanta ‘57.

 

To the Editor:

Our highest judicial and legisla-
tive bodies have seen fit to adopt a
time-Worn. yet worthy policy in the
execution of lively student govern-
ment—a man has the right to speak
his own mind.

This policy is, indeed. elementary
to government such as we have at
State. I. along with many (fliers,
feel that this declaration if policy
is to be commended.

Seeing that an institution lacks in
this quality of open mind in public
meetings. must we, therefore. accept
and agree with any efforts made
upon the part of others who possess
the strength and conviction to speak
forth the iiiiiltipiirpose thoughts
that lurk in their minds? Quite
often the thoughts are short. not
out of necessity, but lack of re-
sources. Then gain, the thoughts are
of great length, or power, not due
to the richness of resource, but ow-
ing to a dependence upon personal
accusations~the penny candy of
student government.

An ounce of air-filled accusation
is worth a pound of constructive
cure: it makes assunblies like those
of yore; it fills assembly seats with
a clamoring audience expected to
legislate; it allows personalities to
become the judges of our law; it
blocks the way of cures and ideas
for our legislative ills.

1, along with others feel that
everyone has the freedom to speak
his own mind and contest the ideas
of others. That arm of freedom ends
where the other person's nose be-
gins. I was alarmed to see our high—
est judicial body let this arm go so
‘ar as to go down the other fel-
low's throat. Accept the ideas and
not the trash!

The assemblies of yesteryear ere
long since (lead. Let‘s leave them
where they lie. It's a new generation
with problems of a different nature.

If we are to provide a stream-
lined government for ourselves. it
is necessary to insure every con—
strucfive thinker against a recur-
rence of the untimely. inappropriate.
ridiculous situation that occurred in
assembly this past week.

Sincerely.
Dick Reaiidin

.—.

To the Editor:

In reference fo the article con-
ccrninc. l)r. Wheeler‘s lecture on
State leadership lI“f‘l)l‘iiiii‘}' Hit:

The article stated that practically
all of tile present student ".oi'el‘li-
iiiciif. leaders were conspicuous with
their absence. To err is human, for-
give divine. but. to know and then
say differently . . .‘2 ()n ilie :llsf at
7:30 pm. a reception for new frosli
and transfers was held. All Mys-
kiaiia. SA officers. class pi'i-sidcnis
and officers were invited Almost
all attended. This leaves many con~
spicuous absences!

David Youst '5‘)

To the Editor:

This is a reply to the letter which
appeared in this column on l"l'l(la_\.
Ii‘cbruary 1?, concerning a proposed
series of cultural programs at State
College. 'llie co—auiliors oi last
week's letter wish to substitute an
expanded athletic program for ilic
suggested famous artists pci'foi'ni-
llllf'f‘h.

We take issue with the assertion
that. State students should have an
omiortnnify to display their talents
in preference to i'f‘ff)[.‘,lll7.f‘(l masters.
it is certainly presumptuous oi ama—
feurs to value their own efforts over
those oi accomplished artists who
have spent years studying and prac-
ticing. The very word. "student,"
implies a status of iiu-xperience.

(Continued on Page 3. Colman 1/

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 2. 1956

 

 ~w-....~_. _. .

  

[letters

 

 

“I move. that we expel Myskania from this assembly!"

 

Gammon-Slam

Hy MONAHAN and KLEINKE

   

a little learning is an
all-foo common thing
TWO HEADS ARE . . .

The raving of the boy politicians over compulsory assemblies is
clouding other matters in the proposed constitution revision. Student
Board of Finance is slated to gain eight members and added power in
emergency amiropriiitions from surplus. Right now. some of its functions
are handled adequately. others are fulfilled with an approach to cernpe-
tence. and still others find the group hopelessly mired. Auditing is an
instance. 'f‘wo auditors now wield the red pencil. But one auditor. a
Senior with two full years of experience in bureaucracy. would do a bet—
ter job. As things stand. this important function is marked by confusion.
contradiction, and calamity. Adding new members and making the group
more powerful seem hardly measures to cure present ills.

INTELLIGENCE ()N THE LOWER LEVEL

The Co-op strikes again——this time in a different vein from tooth-
paste and typewriters. Their new commodity is music geared to the State
College taste. 110'. off, peopleli It should sell fast because no one will
ever give a pop quiv. on it. Just once really let yourselves go! By-piiss
those text; you haven't bought; revel in rccordmania.

SWEE’I‘NESS
Someone told us to be pleasant. So. here goes: 26 days until Easter
vacation' Aren’t you happy?

BETTER NOW THAN LATER

Co-cd swimming is the latest innovation for the atlcots and at-
leeses. Now there's no need to wait until June to see what She looks
like in a bathing suit. men! This is good'.’

EVER-READY SKA'I‘ICRS [\(t’l‘

Once upon a dream there was talk of a skating rink on Dorm Field.
Like many good ideas. the dream was killed in the talking stage. Last
weekend. nature provided the ﬁeld with ice Iiio one else would dare), and
Slate students capitalized on this kindness. A respectable rink is what
we need. Too bad the people in power never suffer status (illiiflllllS . . .

DORMS DANCE. E’l‘(‘.

There was once a time when the “social” calendar included only
mundane things like basketball games. This weekend it's all parties:
including THREE f'ormals! A country-club coiuefli.

LARGE “BEING IS WATCHING

Campus Commission. a group that already has Big-Brother-ls~Wafch—
ing-You warning powers. now announces a Five Year Plan! Shades of
(leoi'ge ()rwcll!

.\ MODES’I‘ PROPOSAL

’l‘he shockingly liberal dorm hours nppall us. It is 'a grave mistake
to allow twcnty-year-old college girls to roam unprotected until midnight
hind even beyondii. College people. who iil'(‘ still shaping their minds.
cannot be expected to make the moral judgmenfs of which their working
.\l\Ii'l'.~.. who have finished llicii' education. are capable. College girls
need ilie protection of locked doors. sign-in sheets, and brick walls.
Always iiiiiidiiil of the best interests of our defenseless damsels. w'e sug-
gest that their hours he sharply revised downward.

MADNESS RI'I.ES, ll“ ND (WE WILL . . .
(me question: Who is the iiarliameniariaii‘} You have thirteen guesses.

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY. MARCH :3

li).i)fl am. (‘ompulsoi'y SA Assembly. Page Hall.

:5 oo pin ihoiogy (‘lub ’l‘our to State Education Building leaves iroiii
~econd floor liiisfed.
lfl:f)fl pin Vcis' Hall. 'l‘eii Eyck lllilll‘flfllll.
.s'.-\'I‘I‘RD.\\’. MARCH 3

llrubacher li‘ormal. Mani Dining Room
l’il'l‘f’f‘ llall l"ol'lliiil. lngle Room.

it no p in

MAIH'H ii

Nf'\\Llliill llall ()pen House, 741 Madison Avenue

.Ja/J. (‘oiici-rf, Sigma Lambda Sigma llousc. lob S. Lake Avenue.
H()(l’l‘ Meeting, (.‘hannmg llull, Unitarian Church, Washing—
ton Aicnue

News Hoard l)niner—lViccting. (iovernmcnl Room, lli'ubachci'

SI'NDAY.
‘3 iii) flill.
ii on pm.

ii iii) p lll

'l‘l'ESDAt’. MAIH‘II ii

If) fill 'a in Junior Student ’l‘caching Meeting, Draper 34!).
too pin .liiiiioi' Student Teaching Meeting, Draper 349.
’l‘lll'RSDAt’. MARCH 8

7:30 pin lVCli‘ Meeting. lli‘ubacher Hall.

fidlil p.in. "Evening Abroad" Party. lli'ubacher Upper Lough.“

 

- ‘rrwirrxrdm < ms

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. MARCH 2.

1956

PAGE 3

 

Winter Talons Transform State Biology Group Chemistry Department Conducts
Into Introverted Shivering Mass Sponsors Tour, Government Experimental Project

By ART I’LO’I‘NIK

As I looked at the school one cold
morning. I suddenly became aware
of the startling effect winter has
upon State. My thoughts. prejudiced
by the chill that lashed my body.
made an insane attempt to put an
aura of green and warmih around
the barren school. It was futile. The
cold. worn hand of wiiiier shielded
my eyes and allowed me to see only
reality throuin its icy fingers.

How vivid is the contrast between
summer and winter at State! The
talons of winter rip the symbolic
ivy skin from the sensitive summer
walls. The incited butter that ilie
sun would drench our soft campus
with has been repliiCed by a cold.
hard slice spread on a stale, moldy
base. Dorm Field . a thick rug
to be buried ill-slimy a lifeless wod-
on floor under a cheap while liii—
oleum.

The walk from the dorms to the
school . . . in siiiitiner an inspiring
archway of the overhanging leaves
leading to a radiant mass of nia—
i.criali'/.ed education now a barbed

obstacle course hindering ilic way
to a passive structure of ice-like
bricks. The hoarse cacklc of fire

chains have replaced the laughing
summer voices lll :ii: overcrowded
convertible.

Even the halls within the .ichool

. once saturated \\‘lIll the warm
sunlight and fragrant air that would
inevitably find their way in now
formidany cold and infected with
liinpid pools of incited snow flint

had clung until death to the clumsy
winter boots of the students.

The worst of all effects has been
that. on the very nature of the stu-
dents. In summer with their arms
and necks free to breathe the ina-
gical scenl of the fresh air. their
actions blessed the school and all
freshest thoughts and invigorated
around them. But until spring. we
are all but introverted. bundled.
shivering machines 7 A a suspended
state of animation waiting to be
melted back into our free and sun-
ny stale of nature.

Smiles Requests
More Tryouts

Mary Knight '57, President of
Smiles. states that the active

membership now numbers 45. but
tryouts are still being contacted. To
expedite matters it would be a hpr
if tryouts would ('olllilf‘i Miss Knight
and let lif‘l' know their activities
for (‘imfon Square Neighborhood
House. John Minon ‘58. is the co-
ordinafor for flie Albany Home foi
Children.

Recently when Mrs. Bennett, fh.‘
liireeior of Clinton Square Neigh—
borhood House. was suddenly taken
lll. llll.\ organization was called up—

on to take over for her and her
classes were taught by Smiles meni-
i)i'|‘.\

- - - Communications - - -

 

l('oiiliinu :I ll oiii Pity/c 3, Column 3/

Presumably Stale (‘ollege tinder—
graduates are here to learn. What
affords better opportunity for just
that than watching the best people
perform in their respective fields?
F‘urfherniore. athletic participation
would be confined to a mere handful
of the male students. who represent
only one—third of ilie student body.

We further protest the ridiculous
conu‘arison beiweeii the attendance
at Stale College basketball games
and that at the Eva Le (ialicnne
performance. After the opposing
team and its roofers assemble. the
gym capaz'lly is reduced about half.
Hence, a relatively small percentage
of State students could make it ap—
pear crowded. 'l‘he auditorium. on
the other hand. can rf‘iil a much
larger group; on the night of the lie
(iiilli‘lllll’ readings the crowd filled
nearly three-quarters of it.

In addition. ll would be an honor
for a town the size of Albany to be
included in a concert tour by one of
the country's top performers. An iii-
fcrior “.lohiiny—coine-lafcly" sports
program could not coiiipeie with
either RPI or Sicna. but a good con—
cert series has every right fo ex—
pect local support.

The poiiil was raised that :l bei-
ier sports program would aifi‘acl
"high school seniors whose calibre
would be beneficial to State (lol-
lcgc." We liafe to disparage ilie aca—
dcmic. i)l‘o\\'i'.~s of athletes. but not
many are on ilic dean's list. Rather
than full info the ranks of some of
the other schools in tin: country,

we prefer to attract students who
are interested in (lollit', scholastic
Work of a lilin "calibre"

’l'lie ('tlllf'lllfllliiJ. paragraph .sti'er-sed
the point that all i-\‘i'lilln: of culture
is "temporarily enjoyed and soon
forgotten." it is c\cn more l‘lflii'll—
lous lo compare the :illlleli'.‘ ciiihti»
siasm of the male students :if ltl‘l
with iliai of a predominniiih lunaie
siudeuf bod_\ ill State. If is mall
wonder iliai hockey has "done more
for Hi’l's l“li‘lil House than ilie
yearly appearance of the llosfon
l’ops." when the iofal number of
i’,ifll|l'S scheduled is Iioleil Iliit we
wonder how the attendance Ili'lili‘:.
of one hockev i'tilllf' would compare
With those of one l'ops coineif’.‘
Need ll alxo be liii‘lllllilli'il that lfl’l
1:. Hill a liberal :ii'ls :a'luiol. and as

JOE'S BARBER SHOP

fill N. Lake .‘\ve..
Near Washington Ave
23 BARBICRS
We Aim To I'leasc

 

i.ch would iioi share ilie cultural
interest found at Stafe‘.‘

We further doubt that State fal-
eiii could creafc better public rela-
iioiis than a famous artist series.
How many members of the general
public would prefer to see John
Brown shoot a basket iaihcr than
hear .lcromc Hines sing? As for pub—
licity in "small lo'nl newspapers,"
:s_\|l(lltlllf'(l scores tabulated on a
sheet. full of other such data hardly
command more attention than t
urge feature article about a famous
professional star Nor do basketball
gaines usually receive reviews by
resyecied critics to further claim
the public‘s eye. When it comes to
('l‘i‘nllll; good will lll area residents.
we rafhei' doiilif flint the local cili—
xenry would prefer the dubious
iilt‘usl'i‘e of meeting a small college
sport-fer to the honor of being iii—
ll'iiflil.'i'(l Io Artur Rubcnsfein. If
f)('f'lll'\ to us to inquire whether ilic
plays and score of a miscellaneous
basketball inllllt' will be remembered
longer than ilic impact of pi-i'son-
nllly and perfected ifl'll.\ll'_\' of .\’liil'<
ion Anderson'.’ For the sniiie amount
of money. we fell compelled to en-
dorse culture o\el' sports. A season's
pass for  is a bargain anywhere.
in slioii, we feel that fhe li‘ebruai'y l'i'
proposal exhibits glib words. fault)

ltll:li'. .in.l delu>ions of grandeur.
A defiiiiie lack in Albany's cultural
life could be supplied by n Strife
('iilll'df“ polisol‘ed f'tlllf‘f'l'l series.

We'd like to see some definite ac—
llflll l.il\'.f'll fill this collHll'lH'lll'f‘ Silt;-
stestioii

“'I'Iie Spectator“

To the Editor:

'l’lie l“ebi'll;ii'_\ Lil, lilaii issue ill
"Student Appeal." self-styled olii»
eial organ oi the Albany chapter

of Students for llcinocrafic Action.
1:. an exeellenl example of demo-
gunnery on the campus The lead
arfinle. entitled. 'Altsknnia and the
l('oaliaaid on I'm/e /,. i'oluoiii ll

Elects Officers

This afternoon at 3 pm. Biology
Club will sponsor a tour of the State
Education Building. This tour will
include viSiting existing exhibits
and the actual preparation of new
exhibits. Other items on the agenda
for inspection are the collections of
insects. fossils. plants. iiiaintnals and
birds. All persons interested in going
on this tour should meet on the
.second floor of Hustcd. Erhard
Koehler ‘57 will be in charge.

Last Tuesday at 10 am. in Rusted
260 Gary Larson '58 was elected
Biology Club President. The rest of
the shite of officers elected to serve
with him were Vice President. Wil—
liam Schwager ‘58; Secretary-Treas-
urer. Betty Pi‘lcgl; Historian. Pa-
ll‘lf'lil ’l‘erwillirer. freshmen. Also
ilecied was a Steering Committee
consisting of Koehler. Paul Berton.
Juniors. and Ellen Macliaughlin '58.

Future activities for this group
include a weekend trip to the Woods
Hole Marine Biological Laboratories
in Massachusetts. This trip is open
to all interested persons. These la—
boratories are noted for their work
on marine biological specimens.

lliology Chib is a campus organi-
zation with membership open to all
>lllflf'lllS actively or remotely infer-
isicd in Biology or other nssociafed
.~('lf‘l‘.f'i‘S.

 

l 4mm, 4001mm

Donald E. Dean. who obtained his
Master‘s l)i“.l‘i‘f‘ in Physics in June.
lflfin, has the results of his seminar
study published m the February
issile of The American Journal of
Physics under the title l'sing the
Snooperseope with the Spectrometer.
Dean has adapted the wartime
snetnierscope ll>(‘(l to see the enemy
in the dark by infrared to the stu-
dciii spectrometer so that the near
ultravialei and infrared lines may be
seen. Mr. Dean is now teaching in
Plattsbiu'g l’llJll School.

Dr. Edward Pease Shaw. Professor
of Modern Languages. has written
a text for usr in advanced second—
year courses in French and French
civilization in co-aiifhorship with
Don L. l)ii.iioi'e.sf of Ohio State Uni—
\'f'l‘>II)'. The book. entitled l-‘rcncli
(‘ivilization Through Fiction. is pub—
lishc.t by (linn and Company of
Boston.

.loscph (larcia. Assistant Professor
of Physical Education, has been
asked to >ei‘\'e on the Development
Clinic (.‘onnniffce ol' the National
Soceel’ (‘oiit'lif‘h‘ Association fol" 195d

Dr. Allan l". Rosebi'ock, Associate

l‘lflllf‘illlfill. will teach
University this

Professor of
ill John Hopkins
simmer.

 

WATCH REPAIRS
SPECIAL STUDENT PRICES

SAMUEL ERINGER

329 Western Ave. 8-7741
Name Brand Watches &.lewclry--
30"; discount for Students

 

 

Gerald Drug Go.

2l7 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.

l’lione 6-8610

 

 

 

I) E l.l(‘/\

 

.\.‘\'D
SANDWICH
li‘cafuring A Complete Line of Your Favorite
SANDWICHES. SALADS. ()lVlliil.l-)'l"l‘li}S
and ASSORTED COLD CUTS

MAYFLOWER

“209 (‘cniral Avenue

'I‘ E S S E N

SHOP

 

 

Dr. George Murphy of the Chem—
istry Department has. for the past
three years, been heading in a re-
search project for the U. S. Govern-
ment. Since October Dr. Richard
Spaldiug‘ has been associated with
him in this Work. but has been main~~
ly concerned with a different phase
of the experiment. The work has
been conducted in a laboratory con-
structed two years ago in the Rusted
attic for research purposes.

The. contract for this work was
negotiated through the Research
Foundation of the University of the
State of New York from the U. S.
Department of Interior in June of
'53. it was originally for one year
but has since been extended three
times for one year increments. The
amount for this experiment for the
past three years has totaled over
$34,000.00.

The project is concerned with sea
water dcmineralization or the devis-
ing of technical means of removing
salt from sea wafer economically so

Librarian Class
Presents Party

The Department of l..iln'arianship
"Evening Abroad"
Party 'l‘hursday at 8 pm. in the.
upper lounge of Brubacher Hall.
Members of lhe Library School.
faculty. and guests are invited to
attend. announces Robert S. Bur-
gess. Professor of Librarianship.
Members of the arrangements coin—
mutce include: Chairman. Jack Per—
kins: (trace Atwood. Pauline Regan,

will sponsor an

Mary (‘ai‘ohn Derbiany. Reverend
John Holoniifa, (lraduaies: Sondra
Brill ".37

Eunice Nor‘ocrg and Sarah Diaz dc
liafuucr, grads. will show slides and
render examples of Spanish dances.
respia-tivciy. Miss Derbigny will offer
various folk sonrs. Also featured on
the proiram is an exhibit of photo—
graphs. children's books and souve-
nirs of foreiin lands. Refreshments
will be served.

that the ocean will serve as a source
of water for municipal supplies and
other uses. In the past this has
proved very difficult as all methods
up until recently have proven to be
very expensive.

The original task of the Albany
group was to determine theoretical-
ly the minimum amount of energy
required to effect separation. This
was completed by the end of the
ﬁrst year. and the results suggested
new approaches by which separation
might be accomplished. Since that
time they have been working on
their own inventions. to this end.
on an experimental basis. These
experiments have been successful
and plans are now being formulated
for developments on a larger scale.
This group is also continuing theore-
tical studies on a somewhat expand-
ed scale.

The process which ihey have been
working on is unique in that if is
based on the selective properties of
certain membranes and does not ex-
pend electric energy. The salt con-
teui of sea water contisfs primarily
of sodium chloride present in the
form of posnive sodium ions and
negative chloride ions. These incin-
branes have the properties of pass-
ing throuih either one or the other.
A demmcrahzer consists of a suit—
able assembly of such membranes
through which feed water and con-
centrated brine are passed. Part of
the feed has salt removed in the
process. The result is a highly effec-
tive and economical means of re-
inoviiig. salt. The State College
group will continue with laboratory
work. while large scale development
will be conducted elsewhere.

l): Spauldmg and two of the as-
sistants are working on a second
phase to find more suitable incin—
bi'anes for use in this work. Theore-
fical work on the nature of solutions
of salt water is also bem.: continued.

Engaged in work on this project
with Di's. Murphy and Spalding are
three senior student assistants who
are .loseph Britt. David Champagne.
and Frank (‘veslak Robert 'l‘iiboi'.
graduate of last year also worked
on this project as chief assistant

 

 

*“L‘

Junior wiII

yiifi

liiia l'sycbo fraternity.

 

  
  

“Relax—it’s just the doorbell.
call

(if course Ilad is \vound up like :i flh‘: watch Ilie
nights you call home. He needs any news aboui
badly! Ile's fold all ilie old sfories so
many iiines that his friends are avoiding lillll
like ilic plagtie. All he wants is new material.
You've made the hopscofcli fenni. fir ioined

her. if you need if liffle extra oil to lubricate
your Iiilli‘old, flicre's no heifer way to prime the
pinup flian wifh irequi-nf phone calls. In incl,
if you call any niglil :ii‘iei‘ fl or all day Sunday.
when Bargain Rules are ill ell'ecl, l)nd will think
yon've learned how in handle cash
New York 'l'elephone f ‘onipuny.

3_________

/

 

 

 

 

offer 6!”

Anything! And reniein~

silly biin

 

 

 

