 

 

  

 

M..-L‘,-w.c. ._ . ....

.Awmm WWW/{7*th

 

PAGE 2

Just The Facts . . .

To know or not to know that is the question. Whether
’tis nobler to know the truth or to exist in ignorance. At
the fall leadership conference one of the major topics of
discussion was the formation of political parties at State.

Since this was one of the planks in Clyde Payne’s plat~
form last spring he was the main proponent of the idea.
He suggested that in the formative year each person who
desired to run for an office start a designating petition
suggesting him for a particular office. This would make it
necessary for people to have a degree of support for their
program before they could be nominated for office. In this
way people would not be nominated on their personality
alone. It would also force the candidate to propose a more
universally accepted platform. If the person were elected
he would then have a group behind him to help him bring
his platform into existence the year he was in office.

Unfortunately there is another way of keeping the
party together and that is through party patronage. The
party in power could make appointments from among
members of its own party and consequently the talent and
ability of many people in the opposition party would be
lost. The opponents of the party system also felt that
there were not enough major issues per year to keep the
party alive.

The group at the conference felt that the cons out-
weighed the pros and so they voted to recommend an ex-
pansion of the existing election commission rules. They
advocated a liberalization of campaign procedures in an
attempt to arouse greater interest in the campaign and
the candidate.

“Question of the Week."
Do the cons out—weigh the pros? What do you think?

Here We Sit . . .

Freedom of speech is a liberty which we are all guar-
anteed in the United States. Unfortunately we take it for
granted too often. If it was a privilege we had to fight for
we might respect it more. We must make use of this
privilege.

We are all individuals and we all have ideas. some
are good and some bad, but the more ideas you have to
choose from the better the solution you can come up with.

The various branches of our student government are
formed so that individuals can get together and discuss
their different ideas. These ideas must also be based on a
solid background of facts. We have delegated to the peo-
ple on Student Council and Student Board of Finance this
duty to discuss our common problems and through this
analysis of several ideas to come up with a sound solution
to our problems of student government and student
finances.

We have elected all of you because we feel that you
are people with a sound knowledge of our constitution and
our functions and because we think that you can mix this
knowledge with good ideas. We have selected you as the
best qualified to combine these two factors,

By this time of the year you should all be familiar
with your office. The trial meetings are over. Now it is
time for each of you to enter the discussion and to come
forth with your carefully throught—out ideas. Do not be
afraid to voice your own convictions.

At Council meeting Wednescday night we saw an evi-
dence of this open discussion when the AMIA came before
the group. A difference of opinion was indicated on the
proposal to have a representative from Council help the
group when the motion was defeated by a votc‘oi thir-
teen to nine against. Unfortunately when the discussmn
came up on constitutional revision not a sound was
heard. What happened? No ideas, or no background on
the subject?

STATE COLLEG E N EWS

ESTABLISHED MAY I916

BY THE CLASS OF ‘918

 

First Pltiqc (SPA Sccond Plucc ACI’

VOL. XLI October 20. 19:36 No. 10
Mtfllllﬂ‘r‘l of the NEWS stall may in: ri-zirhiii Monday .iiil Wc‘ncs'liiv from ’I in

11 p m and Tuesday from 3 lo 0 p in. ii! Z».’iii;:0. Eat it l'iionci Lawrence 2-6120

Schloltlniubcr Zl-USl'A. Kampi 2-0070

‘v-w Vorv. '4': l‘ (Io‘cgi- [or Tl"i"i|l"‘h'

" e undcr'ridu'iie iil'wepnpcr of 'hn l
[h B ‘ ‘ H4: .‘Ji‘fWi lloaril for thc S'uilcni

published every Friday of the (wimp: Jrzir i,',
Association.

 ' ' - - - liditor-ln-Cliirl
MARCIA LAWﬂIuhclt' . Pun“. “HINDU” “MM

’ ’ \VIHHI - r ‘ ‘ - v
:(I'A’JBI‘YH A‘NN SCIILOTTIIAUBEIE - - — - Dublin-ts Adverllnlng Manager
"’pr \llwiuMANN . . . . . - - Lil'l'lliiilloll idlilii
MARI"; .IDI'IT'I'MI‘IH -' - — i - - ~ ~ - Associate ladltur
Jnei'r'u «‘7 HIV“ - — - - - — - - e v i‘~hui'lilli' I‘lli'or
ARTHUR I’ll)TNlK - - - - - - - - o -  

, . - _ _ v _ _ _ _ . - I
lun‘uur “AMI, - ~ ('uiisullunt Sports IMMUH’

1053?" iinliltZOWb'Kl - - - .
WILLARD (illJJa'f'l‘l'L - . _ Nu" waxumw,

All communications should bi: addressed to llil: coho: and must be signed. Niiiiiee

w‘“ be Withheld on request, The STATE COLLEGE NICWH a huiiics no rcsponsibility
id! opinions expressed in its COlUﬂUla or communications. as ‘.li"fl expretsohs do not

imam. arr.) iciicct its VlL‘WA.
“We”

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26. 1956

 

Strand

The Mountain with Spencer
Tracy, Robert Wagner and Claire
Ti cvor. In VistaVision and Techni-
color. The plot concerns itself with
two brothers, one good, the other
cull, and their search for ii wrecked
airliner. Filmed in the French Alps,
it has some beautiful and spine—
tiiigling‘ shots of the two mountain
climbers in action. Take along a girl
who‘s afraid of heights. She'll prob-
ably grab hold of the closest thing
at hand—you! Also showing is The
Search for Bridey Murphy. It’s about
a supposedly reincarnated woman.
The ads say it's “Not for weak
hearts or slow minds." Are they im-
plying it‘s for slow hearts and weak
minds? Could be!
Palace

Leo Tolstoy‘s War and Peace with
Audrey Hepburn. Henry Fonda and
Mel Fer rer. In Technicolor and
VistaVision. The familiar story of
Czarist Rvssia and Napoleon’s un-
successful invasion of that coruitry.
Bring your lunch. It‘s three-and-a-
half hours long. Special student
rates for this one.
Madison

Bus Stop with Marilyn Monroe.
In Technicolor and CinemaScope.
In answer to an oft heard question“
“Do we ever see the movies we write
about?" the answer is yes. We saw
this one and Marilyn is at her best.
A very funny picture about a very
unusual courtship. The second fen-
iure is Raw Edge. Hi1! We saw this
the too—and it's a. real coi'nbull
western!
Delaware

Storm Center with Bette Davis.
Brian Keith and Paul Kelly. Bette
portrays ll librarian who refuses to
renew a book stumped subversive
She's ﬁred. called a Red and her
library burncd. All champions of the
downtrodden will appreciate this
one
('ulonitll

Away All Boats! with Jeff Chand-
in: and Julic Adams. Coi’eiitin'i-d is
Star in the Dust.

Gammm'calt‘owi

To the Editor:

News polls have shown Ilic “Com-
n'on-Stutci'” to be the most widely
i':‘:i(| article m the paper. Written
by two Sl‘lllDi'h, selected for their
able indcpcndcnt \‘li"\\‘1)i)illl5. it tra-
(liiioniilly expresses humorous vicw-
;,oiiits on affairs. and intcrjccts
worthwhile comments on student
coicrnincnt. Considering its nature,
an occasionally poor or mediocre
column is to be expected. This year’s
(ominn is not occasionally poor Ii
is consistently poor.

An example of their poor state-
mnis was the iniiucndo last week
or l'i"’,ill'(l io i'rosh \‘otiiig, Deliber-
aiily trying to confuse the actual
nits. they rci'crrcd to the matter
a» a “Railroad.” This, despite the
hut that ihc writers must have
l.tiil aware that ihc decision was
('ull'ii‘tl almost seven to one, by a
luigc nmjority of thc uppcrcliiss-
in i: downstairs.

(inc must look to the actions of
tho wrilci's iii oi'dci‘ Io iippiccialc
what appciirs tilici'c each week
’l‘ncir weekly complaints lose value
in light of their luck of attendance
and discussion at Studcnt Council
mil Coiivocntions. and iroiii any
sci" of reliable participation in stu—
(lllli govr-rninciii this ycur This,
coupled with innncndocs and lies,
illillliii.’lll'(l writing. and u imkcr toy
u} proucli lo collcic llll‘ makes the
I'tlrillil‘g' of the "f‘oimmiii-Filler” ii
'llori- instead of n pleasure.

The writers should find out what
i actually lappcnmr, aroin..l here,
and (‘XlllLll simi- poo or action be-
ioic ihiy prodncc llicir nch wcckly
gr pc,

 

 

David Kcndig ’57

To the Editor:

In reference to thc grossly unin~
formed or mismforincd (which was
it?) stutcmcnt in the Common
Stiitcr lust wch concerning the
Student Exchange program: I sub-
mit that the Common Stutcrs just
did not know what they were talk-
ing about.

To say that no positive sugges-
tions or airing of new views and
id :as followed the weekend which
incidentally was five days) is strict-
ly a bare-faced prevaricution. lin-
mediately following the five day ex-
change to the University of Con-
necticut the exchange students (Sue

(Continued on Page .5', Column/,1

   

“\-‘ “’1  ' V -..
l- T -.fz§/.,.. «rivals...

L: c; Gloria

 

 

 

Yeah. yeah. “Season of mists and mellow so forth"—and then they
flunk out.

 

 

He who disputes with the nondiscerning must have sharp answers.
German Prowrb.

\"EltBAL BOt'Ql'ETS

From those who are aware of their strength of convictions. Cognizant,
of the facts, we previously postulated our opinions. Our opinion should
not be construed as ii vehement condemnation of any particular thing.
but rather our interpretation of what has transpired.

In regard to last week‘s i|.‘i."il" to the (‘tiltfil'. wi- congratulate the
one member of Myskuniu who w‘oi‘lzr‘d .t thc Luiin and all who \isiied
ihc camp before the dccd wi; ~l and

It is our opinion that.

l Myskimiu inciiibci's .irc riiiii.‘ "1i ‘i, b. more lliiii) iii-uni;in
students and able to cope with thin tiii'l‘c oi cs.ra—ciirricnlio
activities. which through their position arc L‘llllll‘l‘ mun ilu
ordinary Mcrit is worilncr than none.

2 lVIyskomii should bc able to :30 mon- than or" m a Jiltllt‘liii

capo-iii i.c.. Abc Lincoln split logs.

Other groups boast grcaicr iili‘llll)(‘i'\llll), bill .‘\l\'.~l»'..ini:i hi
the leaders of thc school. Moiikcy scc, monkcy do is what
were driving al.

4 We don‘t count the sightseeing trip the group [iiiik bclon- lilt
dcirl was signed as any particular ciidcavor .i manual ('lliil'l
cr spirited interest

VICKBAI. tiiil'Ql'I-l’l‘s

To Student Council who had ihc Horpitiilily (‘onnniiire on ilu
agenda i'.i llllx \\'l‘i'l-I. Speaking of hospitality. we seem to be lacking
it grcaily hcrc at Slate with ihc Student. Union Board's decision io bai
outsiders from attending dances unless accompanied by State students
VERIMI. HOI'Ql'li’l‘s

To those who fostered ihc l(l(.‘il. buscd on our csici-mcd lﬂdiicalioh
22 illt'ill'l's oi rcward motivation, that of giving lollipp lo studious
intending class meetings. Shrcwd publicity

Attcndaiicc .il .issixnblics would be fabulous if llli some principli
were applied for coiivocaiions, only this time >ll1J|liiiilLlll14 lollipops ‘.\llll
coil’cc. It must be that servici- without reward is punishment.

VICHBAL ISOl'Ql'l‘I’l‘S

Congratulations to thc two thousand students who coiuribuicd eight
hundred dollars to Campus Chi-st. Maybe the student enrollment. .-hi.uld
bc incrcuscd.

OS'I‘RACISM

Storming the Bastille has become strictly passe as anyone will tell
you who has tried to enter or lcu\c an asscmbly aiicr llic dc-izznaicd
hour. He who hesitates is lost.

()l'TWAltl) BOI'NI)

Psychological warfare and power of suggest-iron may take ihcir toil
with ihc "Uncle Sam wants You" posters appearing around mid in.
exams and freshman marking period. Ii your marks are low you cm
l)(‘ patriotic.

MAGNIFH‘ICN’F OliSliSSION

A pcncil sharpener.
QI‘ICS’I‘ION OI" 'l‘lll-I “’ICICK

Wc w'oiidi-r Who's Who?

3;

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20

10:00 lilll. Non~l.cgislalivc (.‘onvociiiion, l’iigc Hall.

10:00 am. Vctcrzins' Society Mcciing. Draper 340.

0:30 pm Music Council Coiii'i-i'i, i’ngc lliill

HA’I‘I'Itllth. ()("l‘Olil'llt 27

0:30 ll.lll. Rivalry Soccer and Futilihill (fumes, Dorm It‘li'lil.
12:00noon Alumni Reunion. l’liii'cc Hall.

1:00 pm. llomccomliig Wci-kciid Piii‘iidc, Ul'lllJlil'iH‘l‘

2:00 phi. State vs, ()swi-go Socccr (.iiimc, lilci-ckcr Stadium

6:00 pm. Homecoming chkcnd lu-ccption. Herbert's.

0.00pm. Homecoming chkcnd Dance, ilrubuchcr Hall.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 20

4:15 pm. Forum of Politics Spciikcr, lirubuchcr Uppcr Louiltltﬁ
0:30 pm. Statesman Literary Muganiiic Mcclmg, lirubiichci' lliill,
’l‘l‘lCSliAY. OCTOBER 30

7:00 pm. Newman Chili Classes, Drupcr 111.

7:35 pm. l'rimer Magazine Meeting, lirubiichcr “it”.

0:00 pm. ()rul Iiitci'prctutUa ltcudings, Draper 349.

8:30 pm. Ncwmun Club Classes, Draper 111.

0:30 pm, Statesman Literary Magazine Mccliiig, lirubaclu-r flail.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31

7:00 p.n‘. Newman Club Classes, Draper 111.

7:30 pm. Outing Club Meeting, lh'ubaclicr Hall.

8:30 pm. Ncwmim Club Classes, Draper lll.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1

7:30 pin. Student Christian Association, First Lutheran Church
8:30 [)Jli. State College ’i‘licutrc Presentation of “Dr. Knock.‘

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26. 1956

PAGE 3

 

Greeks Honor
Post Members
With Receptions

The sororities and fraternities of
State this weekend are featuring
social events for the returning a1-
umni. Coffee hours. teas, and clin-
ners are on the program. During
the coming week sevoral sororities
are planning coffee hours for frat-
ernities.

Elizabeth Ann Stapleton '57, the
Vice-President of Kappa Delta so-
rority, reports that Kappa Delta is
having an Alumni Coffee Hour to—
morrow between the hours of 4:30
and 0 pm. This event is being held
in honor of the returning alumni.
Monday evening Potter Club will be
the guests of Kappa Delta for a
coffee hour. The coffee hour will
be held at 8 pin. after the sorority
meeting.

Chi Sigma Theta is holding an
Alumni Tea tomorrow after the soc-
ccr game Pulmn Longo '59 has been
pledged. reports Vice-President
Sheila Lister '57.

The. president of Sigma Phi Sig—
ma, Paula Sega] ’57, informs us
that Barbara Sampler, Janice Man-
ning and Deborah Klein. Sopho-
moi'cs. were pledged last Monday.

Annual Alumni Banquet

June Stndlcy ’57. President of
G. mini; Kappa Phi reports that the
annual Alumni Banquet will be held
lomirrow at the Ten Eyck Hotel
ill 1 pm. Following the banquet
there will lJl‘ an Afternoon Tea in
lonu of ill" returning alumni at
ihc sororiiy h use at 3.30 ]).lll.

'l'h - :mii oi Sigma Linnbdzi Sigma
will I;c hoiorcd :u a coffee hour
M 'iday .21 8:30 pm ill the sorority
house

lrisidciit A an Hutchinson ‘57
rznorls i‘iiii Srm'i L nibdi Sigma
wi.l \‘.'clcolnc ihcir nluznni back to-
li‘ill‘l‘.)\\' by holding a buffet dnmcr
at 52:30 pin. in their honor at tiic
i'i'ntcriiit; hone. Josph Swlerzow-
ski '57 is t‘ c chairmhi and Robert
b‘tiins'oil '57 has charge of the cr—
ran cincnis.
li‘riitcrniiy (ll'ficfri

Aliha Fi Alphi i'r.i‘.ciniL_v till-
ilUlJll't‘i‘ it; new oil c l"> for thi-
yt‘fll' 'l'licv arc: I-‘rcsidciii, Edward
.ionc, '.i;' Vi‘C-Pl'i‘ilii‘lli, Richard
Siun l.‘ '.'ii; lloits- Mutter. Jionulrl
llil’iii cf: '57

Alto. l’:iil'l“i.lslll, 'll: ‘iii; flop-

pcy; 'Iic :-ii:'ci, .l.,:i.--, .‘innili: {e-
illl'ti.ll’, Sccrcu". iii-cl: Hyqu
‘:i l 1 Chairman th-oi'nc .‘.iur;il.y
:‘iv.iioi..('l1.iliiii ‘i'iliiam ’5‘ ii l a
(r, (,n-i‘ u‘ :.:i.l’.iul Doom l, .-‘,ia
lill'ir‘l.i: i)I.ltl llii'rmt. lush..-
inc'il i'izlii_ iliili ‘ili-‘ii. lll liltir-
li.n‘ rnt‘. (‘i.|. ii l-wi “l ,1! cu.
i::'l':l) film'vla' :‘i r v .1] -..l~\i.i .,
.lohri liciizii Juno-Ir», (‘ ii'~-,-1)::iri~
lli", f—‘icrc ll :1.:.zi Sniiuc}.; il‘
Historian. l...v:rl .‘".i'.l«:.‘ic, .iii.l
:5 ii.. nulii, Ilini )li l‘cfmi, ,‘ioh -
i,.lil'

Get One Collee

introduce Yoursel
lij; Ilillilili'

Wc pr. it'lll lit-re an article that is
in insure an attempt at surreal-
ls.n; that l‘. ii higll'.‘ unrealistic
liil'l’JllIll with touches oi l'.iiiiil?:ii‘
.rn.l iiii'icasint image, which at-
icc’. .iii iiniirnil ‘ll'l'zilil cl" thought.

Vi ‘ il- .'.ill‘;i; l ii.;',i .I ll :l;"
i Ii I 'i :i (lal ‘llli In) :.i'.\i‘.“ iiiHl‘,
lcimc .i ros,, .l ihi c—ioinl ill :s .l .I.
elm-l1 l lllllll"iil.ili‘\ iil'nilll' (l up—
:.n inn! llmi ll illll lli"ll ..,1 ll‘; lll
-‘>ll k .cn ill: lll wlm h w is om liriic
:io' My on c lioi Ih‘ oiiii \l‘i'y
ll'l‘illl'lil d |.c~;in e H 'hi in lhc mid—
u". (if (in-ch l‘li‘i'cf \i:- saw the Ein—
pi.c Si iic lioildmg lumping now
with 5.i.l).l, ihc orange clcpliaiit
'i.i oivlv l in: wrong “fill this was
thit Ib' ropc was around Smiba's
lll‘i‘l’

llcrc is where l dccidcd to scc my
scwi-r cover‘s father, but suddcnly
l l'l‘illi/J d that a shake was crawl-
ing around my small iiitcstihc. llut
that wasn’t too bad, since my iii—
lcstinc was in thc cuspidoi' in the
i'iil'llifl' by the rat's pen. At first 1

Music Council Slates Songmasters;

Male Quartet To Vocalize Tonight

 

Pictured above are “The Song Masters,“ .lohn Pcttcrsson. Jack l’rig-
more, Joseph Frederic and Ivar lvarson. llclcmi Kapricliiin, pictured In
the foreground. is their accompanist.

Student Discovers "SIB" Ruse;
Exposes Wild Facts to Public

Hy MARY FIT'J’ATRH'K

The school has been savcd. Ruin-
ori. have been circulating around
the school that a subv-rrsivc group
had begun the undermining of stu—
denis and faculty by opciin adVi-r-
tisine its group in the halls. Every-
wherc was .sccn the stigma of the.
party's designs Posters swuin Lc-
lci‘t‘ the worried tyis of itinerant
intellectuals and plodding profs on
their respzctlvc ways to class A
spccial committee wa: put on the
case and now the details oi the
8.1 B. CliIJCl may be disclosed to
the public.

Our "subverslvcs' arc the Juniors

Committee Posts
Warning List

Hunger-ford '37, Chan»
man or iii: Myskimia Warnings
(."uiilillllf'lJ, announcis that six.
ircsh‘nin luvc l‘ilijt‘lu’il tr. warn-
in;_:-; for \‘lO'nilUll oi Sluli‘ Collcgc
imu‘n onu 'liic ..ccoii:i iimc Ulit'lill-
'l- in: Kl'i..'li'!i‘. (lilloro. it‘lli'l't
i‘ri.i.n on. James .\lclii;;;b, and
in: if no 'i'ounv

in.» liunwriord .ilzu announces
li:i\'c rcccivcd

ii.irii.. in

l i? l\\i il'iillilltli

iii: l' \‘.'.:'l,lli.lh ior \ll laiioii ol Shite
tr». Minis 'l'hi ioiiiviri oi ihc
[hr-c iai‘iiuiz’ .iic .Jo~i~pli Illclicy
..i:i l'ml ll ii'lll ’lhc penalty for
lifl'l'l‘ u...rn.iii.'s is a public apology

to St'.dciii Association. There will
lit‘ lllll' up li.‘ v made this morning
In Cohw :ition,

Black, Sit Down,
i- To Surrealism

l‘ BACKLH

ic:t l'.l cr squcanz'sh. but along
.imc .i g adualc from ilic Univer—
siry oi Siliiwikl, who had inst liii~
I‘ilii'l his master's in Jet-ihmg, and
an, finding his roller-skates on the
:u sirlai-c oi ltoy Roger's ili‘iifl
lic told me that (luy ininburdi,
lii 'vll‘h liloillcl', was playing a
l)l'Hi£('ll bccr holllc iii (iiii‘biigc (.‘iiii
Ailcy

lh llicii ll wus loo iiili' to turn
bulk lillililiil‘ my path was bloclicd
by .I group oi iit“«lillll'il ciiliiig thi-
lliiiicd Nations building in ii lllllll-
liolc ih ihc Nnrobi Desert m for
Norlhmsti-rnsouihi-rn Pakistan I
had to procccd because thcy had
taken off my leg, and \\'ci'i' using
it to sign the creed ol full] play
and put ii on my hcuii the wrong
way

But it was rather hard straddling
my own body, since I now had be-
comc it chinncllioii and turned into
it ci'ocodilc named Alili'y. llowcvcr,
this wasn't as bad its the urchins
playing pool with my eyes in a
siiiokc—iil.cil pig-sly.

and their design is to invue all of
the college to attend its Junior
From, November 9. The SIB. may
be feared no longer or discussed in
hushed whispers as the Sinisicr In-
filtration Board. We hereby declare
it to bc thc theme of the Junior
formal. 2i Screnadc in Blue.

Our note on Leroy Holmes last
week brought numerous queries.
Now it may be disclosed, along with
the rest of the fantastic facts, that
this glorious celebrity of the band-
lciiding world will favor the Circlc
Inn 4thc choscn site of this mun-
oriibie occasion: on the aforemen-
tioned date with his benevolent
beats.

Wc saved the price of adniiisicii
Ulilll last (not that it wi l shock you
but money is the least of your woi-
rics now that the dcsiruction of the
college is no longer apparent 2
Three fifty is cheap if you C’Jlisltllfl'
what you'd have to pay if the
.‘ztjliiilil was overtaken by moncy-
mongi-rs from ihc East

II‘ \\'i: add ihc facts up we find
that ihc Junior Prom may pron:
cvcn more cxcilillg than the rumors
about it. A great bond, the l)i'iillllllil
(‘irclc Inn it's all vci'y clcmch-
iai'y, Go.

Students Reserve
Production Seats

Nancy (ludc :37, Director of Pub-
Iiciiy for "Dr. Knock," aiiiiounccs
that iickcls for lhc plic. will bc on
sale today and all nch week in
l.U\ii'l' Draper, The price of admis~
sioii is your -.itidcnt lax card or oiic
dollar.

'l‘lic play, a 1"l't‘llt‘ll force by Julius
lioiiiuiii, is sclicdulcd for pcrlorin-
uiiccs on Novcmbcr 2 and it "Di
Knock" has bccn l'l’\'lt'\\i'il .iH 'Iilli'
oi llic ,;ii-.iicsi and most poniicd oi
l"iciicli larccs "

l’nll liiilc l’cllil l'i'olcssoi oi
it‘hghsli. is dirt-cling Lhc play and
.i'iulli'b l.connrd. AhSl‘liilll l’i‘olcssoi'
oi lu’n. llhll. 1-. ll‘r‘lillli‘ul un'cctor

'l'lic first prounciioii is being prc~
.‘l‘lillil i-inly lil ihc season so thul
llii- Hliilc (Willi-cc 'l'liculi'c Will he
iiiilc iii i1l\'t' llll colligic n liiligci'
siasoii oi ilicairical ciiIi-riaiiiinciil,
stoic- Dr i’i'lill.

Iii thc plny there Will be many
unusual cl'lccts used. Abstract sct-
tiitgc. dcsigiicd by Mr. Lcoiiurd;
imiiiy lWo dmicnsionid ciii'd boiiid
cut-outs; sound effects achieved
through strange methods, and ii
1902 Pcniird cur. ii“ play a major
role

Music Council will present the
Songmasters, a male quartet, in
Page Hall auditorium tonight at
8:30 p.m., according to Marilyn De-
Santa ’57, President of Council. This
evening’s presentation will initiate
the activities for Homecoming
Weekend, is Well as initiating Mu-
sic Council’s own concert series.

Admission to the evening’s per-
formance is by student tax; general
admission is $1.50.

Members of the quartet are John
Pettersson, first tenor; Jack Prig-
more, tenor; Joseph Frederic, bari-
tine; and Ivar Ivarson, bass. Ac-
companying the group is Helena
Kapriclian. This vocal quartet and
their accompanist is currently on its

fourth sell-out North American
tour. Much of their popularity
stems from their recordings. the

quality and manner of their pres-
entation and a wide and varied pro-
gram. The group is currently re—
cording i’or King Records.

The Songmasters Will open their
program with Rogers’ “The Time
For Making Songs Has Come.” Oth-
er selections will include: Brahms'
"O Heavenly Shepherdess"; the
Negro Spirituais, “Go Down Moses"

and "Little David," J. ['hythmic
Spiritual, "Dry Bones"; selections

lroni "Oklahoma" by Rodgers, and
the "Mikado" by Sullivan. The
group wiLi also present Schubert‘s
"Wither." “Night and Dreams" and
"The Erlking"; along with “To
You" by Strauss, and an Appala-
chian Mountain Song. the “War-
'iiring Stranger." Miss Kapricliuii.
the accompanist. will rcndcr Debus-
sy's "Prelude" from “Pour lc piano,“
“Danscuses De Dclpth." and "Jar—
(iins Sous La Pluie "

The Sougmastcrs have impaired
at other State Teachers Colleges in
past years Their iours have c.-:-
tended us far west as California
and as far north as Newfoundland
and British Columbia.

This new male quartet is made up
ci' four artists, each of whom has
achieved distinction in his own
right. They offer it program of wide
variety and popular appeal. Their
rcpcrtolre includes classics, sucrcd
tongs and spiritua s, fol; songs and
Licdcr, ballads and sea chinitcys,
mcdlcys and modern Llll‘l‘S. Many
of their arrangements have been
crcutcd especially for them.

Deon Adds Seniors
To Scholarship List

The following pcoplc, members of
ihc class of 1957, have bccn added
in ihc Dean‘s List for lilc spring
\cincslci',

Seniors whose names
.iddcd iii'c: Betty Rui-
Doris Vrndciiburg. Evcrcit
lillill'l'. Nancy Whucnack.
Willis. and Charle, Wiilscy.

For ihc spring semester last year,
35):; siudciiis‘ namcs .l])]ll‘.il'i'(l on
ihc Dean's List as ("lill[l.ll'l'll “Nil
370 for ihc fall SL‘llll’All‘l'.

liui‘c liccii
VnnVlack,
Wciei'-
Bl'ilt‘i‘

 

Gammon/colic!“

 

/( 'llll/Illlll 1/ lioi/i I’iiy/i 3, ('o/umu J!

Bill'lllliil'l. Hi My Van V lick and Jim
Lockhart: incl with Sluilciii (‘ouniil
wbcrc ihc many benefits to both
schools of tlic lCXi'lmn c l’i'ogi‘.i:ii
were discussed and agreed upon,
Siudcni (‘ouncil iiuclmg» an open
to all thrc wcrc inc Common
.‘ilaicrs‘.J

Sliidchl Council Iclt ihc bcncliis
dci'ni-d lrom the program wcrc val—
uublc enough to discuss \‘.liii ihc
cc l of ihc studciit body, so ll wi-ll
lilllilli'l/(‘ii meeting was (‘lilil‘tl imit—
not all interested students to al-
[i'llil Again, llic "wcll miormcd’
(‘iiiililioii Sliili‘l's \‘l‘cl‘c conspicuous
by llicli' iibsciicc.

Subsequently, ll. full report of the
l'lxchaiigc to Colin. was published in
the State (‘ollegc News, which prov-
cd in itself that the program was
more than "Just a good \vcclicnd
away from NYSC’l‘,"

Could ll. be that tho Uoiiiliiiill
Starters didn't know what. they were
talking about last week? (‘miid be.

.liiii Lockliurt
Exchange Student 1950

D & A Sponsors
Oral Readings

From Literature

Dramatlcs and Arts Affiliates will
present the Class in Oral Interpret-
ation in an evening of readings
from literature Tuesday, 8 pm. in
Draper 349, states Marcia Meisel-
man '57, Chairman of Publicity for
Oral Readings.

The readings, which will be di-
rected by Agnes E. Futterer, Pro-
fessor of English, include:

1. A selection from “Nicholas
Nickleby" by Charles Dickens, read
by Paul Powelsland ’58 and coached
by Janice Champagne '57.

2. “Anne of the Thousand Days"
by Maxwell Anderson, read by Pat-
ricia Kennedy ’58 and coached by
Nancy Gade ’57.

 "The Great Lover by Rupert
Brooke, read by Marjorie Schwartz
'58 and coached by Barbara Maaloe,
Graduate Student.

4. A selection from “No Time for
Sergeants" by Mac Hyman, read by
Norman Chaucer ’58 and coached
by Joan Ginsburg, Graduate Stu-
dent.

5."A Worn Path" by Eudora.
Welty, read by Marilyn Leach '58
and coached by Paula chnl '57.

G. "The Love Sh; of J. Alfred
Prufrock" by T. S. Eliot, read by
Joseph Flynn 238 and coached by
Lillian Ferraro '57.

Chairman Issues
Sing information

The Student Christian Association
Sill’; will b.- hcld on Deccnil.ci' 10,
195:6 a: 7 pin. in Page Auditiriuin.
The Ciii'istiiizis Sing is an annual
alluii‘ here at Etitc Colic-g0. All ih.‘
group houses, sororities, 'ratcriiitie;
and Commutcrs’ Club usuiily pur-
ticipiitc.

Each group has or elects a. song
lender and chooses two songs, cithir
traditional or semi - traditi..nal,
which tiicy will sing. Each group
will sing their first song and if they
are selected by the judgts to sun;
in the finals, they will sing their
sccoiid song. An ‘rlClilllaSitll ice of
$5.00 is to be paid. This fee is to
help defray the costs of t.ie singer
lhlllLiil'S, trophy, decorations, pi..ii.i
moving.

Womcii must wear white blouscu
and black skirts and n c.:'~.. int-luring
ihc song lc..d ‘r. \‘l..ctii.'.'i' lllC group
wciir short rr l 11;: ricercd biousc=
is ilil t.- t cir (lisc:'ci.i'.-n. Um.oi‘ni
fly is dcsirid, hicn ‘il i‘Ild i.i.ir ilLii“
suits and t:c:;.

’l‘bc (llll':til('!' 10‘ and th.- ll .llll- of
your sing it Ll. hr and also the If one
oi inc .«ongs that you liive sclcc ci
arc to Le s ni. ti l.)ll'ii Vradcub. r;
'57 ly Novcinbcr 10. If iiiac is u
illl])l.'iili' of .ii;,' sing yoi will be
:islxcil i) (:lihiiic ihciii.

A slici-t explahmg how ihc Judges
will makc ihtir decision will bc
iorllicoiniiij:

House Candidate
To Give Speech

Next Mcihliy at 4.1;) pm, in the
[piper l.(ill.'l"l‘ :il Brzi :1 '.,cl', lv‘num
oi l’o ll.t’i will prcs nt Lci (flinch,
l)cnroral.c (..‘aiidhl.itc fir United
Silill'i licprcsciihit1\'c ti (foiigrcs,
lillllillllli'l‘a lie Di-Nikc '50, Acting
Chairman llc wil scik on t‘c
D'inicruiic ()titioik oi the 15156
('illiljliil! if

Mr (l'ilricn, why wrii s ic.ituro
lil'll li‘i' in scicrul leading news~
in, cr , is a 1mm ‘1' President of ti 0
Ncw Yr rk Si itc l.t‘jlb.illl\’l‘ Corres-
ponmnts. lie is his» a radii and
tclcii ion Culidlli‘llilii ‘r and was
clcitcd to t c tilird airl iHih Con-
grcsscs, i'iprcscntmg the 32nd dis-
trict of New York State in the
House of Representatives.

'l'llc Herald Tribune Fl'Hilll has
liccli ciinceiicd Il\' conference ofﬂ-
ciiils. It is hoped that it will be field
i.cxt year, stairs lit-Nike.

 

