 

PAGE 6

News Views:

Russian Troops Silence
Hungary’s Freedom Bid

By JOHN YAGER

The brave people of Hungary have been defeated
in their present bid for freedom. Two weeks ago. they
started an armed revolt for independence which at
ﬁrst was quite successful. The Hungarians ousted
their governmental ofﬁcials and installed Imre Nagy
as Premier. Hungary for the ﬁrst time in over a.
decade had come alive. The streets of Budapest were
crowded with jubilant Hungarians. The jubilation
lasted only twelve days.

Russia did not intend to let the people of Hungary
remain free. Early one morning, Russian troops and
tanks swarmed over the country. The valiant peo-
ple of Hungary resisted their enemy, but to no avail.
There was ﬁerce ﬁghting. but ﬁnally the patriots
succumbed to the Russian power. The only active
resistance against Russian arms is on Csepel Island
in the Danube. There. three thousand workers are
still holding out against Soviet oppressors.

The Soviet military might installed Janos Kadar
as Premier. Err-Premier Nagy took refuge in the
Yugoslav Embassy. Reports from Hungary have indi-
cated that Nagy will not cooperate with the new
government. Without his cooperation, the Kadar
government is going to have a difﬁcult time trying
to retain order.

Although the Hungarians have lost this bid for
freedom, they haven‘t lost the will to ﬁght back.
They have now turned to a different weapon—the
general strike. Thousands of Hungarians have re-
fused to return to their jobs. As a result of this ac-
tion, the transportation system has been crippled and
industries have closed down.

Refugees from Hungary have estimated that over
12.000 persons were killed in Budapest alone. There
is no estimate on the number of wounded. Reports of
atrocities are increasing.

Although the people of Hungary still hate the
Russians, there has been a marked change in their
opinion of the Western nations. The Hungarians feel
that the Western nations let them down. They are
grateful for the food and medical supplies, but won-
der what happened to the guns and anununition.
They feel that they could have won their ﬁght for
freedom with a little material help from the West.
This help was not forthcoming. It is interesting to
note the content of one of the last messages trans-
mitted by a Hungarian patriot. It said. “Your moral
support is encouraging. but please send us help."

The Hungarian people will continue to ﬁght for
freedom. They will have a long and hard struggle
before they can obtain that freedom. Can they do
it alone?

 
   
    
   
 

 
 
 
  

WINSTON
TASTES GOOD!

I Here’s a cigarette you and your date will
both go for! You’ll like the rich, full taste
you get from a Winston. You’ll like the way

Switch to WINSTON America's best-selling, best~tasting filter cigarette!

STATE COLLEGE NEWS}

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1956

remap“ Queen acacia!ch

 

Appearing above are this year's Campus Queen Candidates. They are. from left to
right, Trudy Stemmer, Margaret Smith. Betty Van Vlack, Barbara Hungerford and Marcia
Lawrence. Campus Queen will be elected today by Student Association by absentee ballot;
the Queen will be crowned Saturday night.

Directory Editor Pasts
Distribution Schedule

The new Student Directory will
be distributed today. Monday, and
Tuesday in lower Husted Hall from
9 a.m. to 3 p.m., announces editor
Clarice Coleman ’57.

The Student Directory lists the
name, and home and school address-
es of all State College students. This
year is the earliest release date. In
former years the Student Directory
was released in December. It is
published annually.

  
 
  
  

the ﬂavor comes through, too, because the
exclusive Winston filter docs its job so
well. For finer ﬁlter smoking vg‘ct Winston!

Social Fraternities Issue Bids
For Transfers, Upperclossmen

Inter-Fraternity Council bids will bc rclcuscd to
upperclassmcn and transfer students Monday from 9
am. to l p.m.. states Alan Hutchinson '57. Prcsidcni
of Inter-Fraternity Council.

To be eligible for a bid. the umicrclassnnin or trans-
fer must have attended this college for at lcast. one
semester. The men receiving the bids will bc noti-

ﬁed where to pick them up by student mail. ’l‘hc bids
must be secured between 9 am. and 1 p.m. Monday
and returned between 9 am. and 1 pm. Tucsdiiy.
Fraternity bids are issued to nppcrclassmcn and
transfers only oncc each semester.

LIKE A
CIGARETTE

SHOULD!

 

with
WINSTON

 

Dean Releases
Vacation Notice

Oscar E. Lanford, Dean of the
College, has released the following
regulations concerning class at-
tendance before and after the
Thanksgiving holidays.

Thanksgiving recess begins at
11:50 a.m., Wednesday. November
21. Classes will be resumed at 8
am. on Monday. November 26. All
students are required to attend
classes Wednesday and Monday with
the exception of only those noted
below:

Students on the Dean's List for
the preceding semester. Graduate
Students with a 3.5 average for the
preceding semester. and all other
students who are excused by the
Dean's Office or by the Student
Personnel office before the date of
absence.

Kappa Mu Fraternity
To initiate Members

Kappa Mu. the national mathe-
matics honorary fraternity. will hold
a meeting Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Bl‘llliilcllt‘l‘. announces Vice—Presi-
«lent Doris Vradenburg '57. New
ini-mbcrs will be initiated at tth
linnc. Prol’csor Jones of Rensselaer
Polytechnic Institute will speak on
thc topic, “Operations Research."

Kappa Mu was established at
Slate in 1956. Membership is open
to Juniors and Seniors who have
.in overall average of 2.5 and a math
avcragc of 3.0. The course in Integ—
ral Calculus must be completed.

Gonaacdc'an . . .

(Con/Lide from Page 1, Column 5‘
‘61) is directing makeup. Joyce Mey—
(‘l'lllllil '58 is the head of the cos-
liunc department. Jack Anderson
'60 and Michael Saltzman '59 are
rcsponsiblc for lighting techniques.

Paul Regan ‘60 will make his
apology to Student Association for
l;rcaking State traditions three
times.

 wins honors on flavor!

WW5

  
 

  
 
   
 

H J HtYNOLDS
lanai“, c4,

wmslon..,m.LM. H c

 

%
"ll

Ml;

’!

 

 State College News

 

 

2-461

ALBANY, NEW YORK. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 30. 1956

VOL. XLI NO. 23

College To Honor Soccer Team At Dance Tonight;
Evening Highlights Coronation Oi Soccer Sweetheart

Soccer Squad Reviews Coach Garcia Introduces Senior Soccer Squad Members,

Fall In Final Meeting Announces Co

The wisdom of the Albany Stutc soccer team in
sclccting Willizun Bonstccl as the most valuable
player during 1936 and in thclr choice of Carl Maxson
and Paul Dannncr as co-cnplnins for the 1957 cru—
sade was provcn this wch by ihc rclcasc of the of-
ficial totals of the 1956 action.

Taking carly lhc scoring ll‘illl he ncvcr relinquished
was Robcrt Bui'kcr who scorcd three of the ﬁve State
goals as lhc Pods chalkcd up :1 5—0 opening day win
ovcr ("‘ncsco lo mukc thc scason record 1-0.

A trip to Adclphi cwncd ihc rccord at 1-1 as the
booicrs dropped a 4-2 dccision in which Evcrctt Weir-
millcr caihc abreast of Backcr by scoring both State
goals to up his total to ihrcc. Not to be denied. how—
cvcr. thc valiant pnrplcshirts returned to friendly
Blt‘t‘t'kt‘l‘ Stadirm to start a five game win streak by
knocking RPI by :1 5-1 scorc: from this they went on
the road to stcal one from Plattsburg by a 3-2 score
in an ovcrlimc game in which Tito Guglielmonc
came up with the big saves and Warren Dunham
copped thc big goal. Middlcbury was next on the Fed
list as they topplcd the Vermonters by a 2-1 score
before showing Oswch who was boss in a 4-1 win
in their filial home .ippcurancc bcforc the Gurcizunen
invaded Bridgcport to overpower the purple knights
by a 5-2 score.

Lady Luck dealt a low blow in the last two gamcs
as the Feds droppcd a hcurlbrcukcr to Union by a
1-0 score on a set of oncc-in—a—lii‘etimc chances, and
the day after dropped a game to a strong Panzer
squad to make the final rccord 6-3. The total scoring:
Robert Backer ........................ .. 8 goals
Everett Wcirmillcr . 6 goals
Wendell Fowler 2 goals
Carl Maxson 1 goal
Warren Dunham . 6 goals
Joseph Hickey . 4 goals
William Bonestcel. Co- . 1 goal

  
 
  
 

 

 

ain

;..
U
._.

 

Students Shiver, Sneeze
Sloshing Through Slush

By WILLIAM FRANKONIS

This weck saw the age—old grimhbliiigs about winter
being reborn. and being done so for good reason.
namely. winter is here!

All signs point to winter. with the most elementary
sign being the tcmperuturc. It has been below freez-
ing all wcck and that doesn't mcun spring is coming.

  

- 9

Contrary to the usual soccer practice. (left to right) Carlton Maxson and Paul
Dammer. the new co-captains of the team, receive a gentle pass from William Bonestcel
and Tito Guglielmone. the outgoing captains.

Compulsory Convocation Meets in Page;
Committee Releases New Seating Lists

A Student Association meeting will take place today at 10 am. in Page Hall Audito-
rium. according to Marilyn Leach '58. Chairznzzn of the Convocations Committee. It will
be a legislative convocation. and therefore compulsory. Miss Leach has alSo stated that

the committee has drawn up new lists for assigned

seats for legislative colivocations.

-Captains, Most Valuable "Player Award

Dance Requires

Student Tax Card

Student Union Board will sponsor
the Annual Soccer Dance tonight
him 9 until 12 p.m. in Brubacher‘s
main dining room, announces Mar-
garet Darzano ’58 and Kenneth
Karlet '59. Co-Chairmen of the
event. The music will be provided
by John Keebar and his band.

Admission to the dance will be
by student tax only in compliance
with the new rules of Student Union
Board on the attendance of stu-
dents outside the college.

The program will include a short
speech by Joseph Garcia. Assistant
Professor of Physical Education,
who will also introduce the Senior
members of the squad and the new
co-captains for next year's team,
Carlton Maxson and Paul Dammer.
Juniors. At that time William Bone-
steel ‘57 will be presented the Most
Valuable Player Award and the Soc-
cer Sweetheart will be introduced.
Kenneth Kadet ‘59 will act as Mas-
ter of Ceremonies.

The Soccer Sweetheart is chosen
by the entire Soccer team on the
basis of her contributions to the
spirit of the players and her pro-
motion of school support for the
squad.

The Soccer Dance is held annual-
ly to honor the men of the soccer
team and to pay tribute to the out-

Thc agenda for today‘s meeting includes: a motion to waive the Constitution, nominations standing- players of the Squad. Last

for one Student Council member at large and a Junior

rcplacuncnt to the Athletic Advisory

year Aifred Ledderman '57 was vot-

Board. thc reading of Campus Commission rules. two freshman apologies. announcements cd Most Valuable Player and Bev-

l'rom the floor, a Winterludc skit. and voting.

Nominations will be accepted for one Student Council representative at large; this
is a rcpluccmcnt election. A member of Campus Commission will read the rules or tha
organization governing the use of bulletin boards. posters. the Commons. the lounge, lhc

(’illt‘ii‘l‘lil. the mailboxes. Lost and Found and

But for the skeptics and (lic—l‘nn'ds. there are other indications of winter E l' h E '
also. Thc most persuading of its porlcnts is the sudden dccrcasc in   

State’s cnrolhncnt. In lhc fulurc. plcusc bear in mind that the ice on
the Washington Park Lukc is not thick cnough for skating ycl.

Anothcr of wintcr's morc dcfinilc signs is slush.

Sloles Speaker

Bcsldcs bcmg

synonymoln. with Albany. slush is that til-lightllil bil of mattcr through A talk U“ mm“. Significance 01-

which wc sloggcd to school this \vcck.

wmh' Spouknm 01' “his” it ’5 Mcdicvnl Studics Today" and :1 ino-

lnlcrcsting Ilo‘nolc [hallI this-wcck also Siliti" llhc' grand opening: oi tin: mm mum.“ on Chaucer are U“.
Dorm F‘ulr Swamp. Mn is no lllillt 11.11 warming bl...) mn 1L rcmuwd mm” ml. “n Engmh Ev.“

spcctuclc of Siiilcnncn struggling to conqucr naturc
Io thosc -vho gavc np thc struggle. thcrc 7.30 m 9.30 pm- Thursdﬂy night-

ihcir qucsl for knowlcdgc.

“1’ “w “mm m ning to bc hcld in Draper 349 from

can only hc oll'crcd lhc most hcnrlfcli lcgrcts and it visit to the Dean

til lhcir bodics arc cvcr found! for lillci'lng Dorm F‘icld.

Thc spcakcr for thc chning. Dr.
P. D. Westbrook, will bc introduced

‘ ' -- c'ic ‘- ' " :tcr's ; "iv;  l. c inc‘c'is' 1 mm c' i‘ . . .
Pinthii \ll iii! of “ii iii ll is h l . int. 1 hi )1 by bmelds MCIIWMW. Pmlosml, “1

English sludcnls lo hc found in Wnshlnglon Pork.

so lhcy say ll ri'l'lllS llllll. sonic ohscln'c pocl oncc
ccmcs. can .‘xlll'llll', bc fur iii-hind?“ and cvci'y yi'ul' scvcrul of thc morc
cogcr Sluicsnn-n (li‘i‘llli‘ to lukc lnm scrlously by looking for lhc answcr.

l<‘1om all nulnwnons. \iinicr is dclhliiclv inn and llt'illl_\' cvci'yonc

l"oi' ihosc nnsgunlcil l‘:llllllh‘ll hlllilt‘lllh all that can bc donc in
.‘\i‘llillil

Ii‘illl/i‘w ii
to hinnor thrill and visit llli‘lll in thc hospital

Looking for spring.

English. Following Dr. Westbrook‘s
talk n color movie on the prologuc
1o Chnuccr's “Cuntcrbury Talcs"
will be shown.

uskcd. "ll' winlcr

'l‘hc cvcning ha.» bccn in'rungcll
by llll' English ldvcnlni,I Conninilcc
ol winch Mary E. (ircnzindcr.
.-\ssocnlic l’rolcssoi' of English. is
illllll'lllilll. ()ihcr inculiy incmbcrs

liiililll :iil

 Lawrence TO  For Winterlude; ol llills commiltcc arc .is follows:

lSC, lFC Sell Tickets ln Lower

Paul C. lioonislllcr, l’rolcssor oi
English; Arthur N. Collins. Assist-
illll Profcssor of English; and Rob—

Draper

'i‘ickcis for Wmlcrludc. lhc un— will providr ihc much All \\oincn cri E. 'I‘horsicnscn. Assistant Pro-

nuul lorlnol illincc sponsorcd by tho
Inter—Sorority and Inlcrnli‘rulcrniiy
touncils. arc on snlc now in l.owcr
Drapcr. nnnouncc Jon“
and Alan Hutchinson.
Prcsidcnis of ihcsc organizations.
rcspeclivcly and (Jo-Chairmen of

hours.

Vun Duscn “I'VW'SU'H Illill't’tl
8mm”. mmm' “mm wus hem “L m“ Sm‘k' inc in» Arlene Birnb-ium
cr iiidgc Country Club. I” I l ,

In convocation today. a skit will Leach.

ullcnding lhc duncc will how if n lll. lcssor of English. Sludcnl incmbcrs

of this connnitlcc arc Janice Chum—
pugnc, Burlml'n liungcrlord. Mar—

1 ' Viv ‘ l ‘ I l ‘ - J' v
I..th yini. loininy Ilicktl and his June Jolm and Paul“ HUM], Sum

my me [ha-“'0 iors Junior incinbcrs of this group
Brcndu
Erdc. Frcidu Cohen and Marilyn
Sophomore members :n'c

tho WWI. Bids ul't‘ $400 it COUNC- bc presented by the joint councils Gail Hogan. Ellen Fitzpatrick and

assembly

Winicrludc, the only event of the
your which all thc l'rutci'nilics and
sororities collectiVi-ly sponsor, will
be held Saturday. December 8. in
the Bal'rooni of the Ten Eyck Hotel
from 10 p.m. until 2 run. Elliot
Lawrence and his 14 piece orchestra

to publicize thc formal. Every 50- William Gardner.

rority and lratcrnity will be repre-
sented in the skit.

The dance. sponsored yearly to
promote better relations among the
Greek organizations on czunpus. is
open to all students.

This is [he first English Evening
this year. It will be open to all
Senior, Junior and Sophomore Eng-
lish Majors and Senior English
Minors. Coffee will be served at the
end of the evening’s program.

trafﬁc.

The remaining amendments to
thc Student Association Constitu-
tion proposed by the Watch Dog
Committee out of Council will be
discussed and voted on in Convoca-
tion. These amendments concern
l'rcshnnin elections, recounting of
ballots by Myskaniu. pctitions, and
linancial motions. Studcnts arc rc-
oucslcd to bring their handbooks to
Ihc nil-cling so that they may refer
to thcm.

Allcr :innouin-cmcnls from lhc
lloor :ll'l‘ given. a Wintcrludc skil
will be prescntcd. ’I‘hc skit was
\vriltcn by Sheila Dubrusin ’59 and
will include rcprcscntulivrs from
(‘il('ll of the sororities and fraterni-
iii-s.

’l‘hcrc will aJSo be voting for thc
lolliM’lllg ol'liccrs: a Studcni Boul'd
o1 l"lll:illi'i’ roprcscnialivc. a public-
iiy ilirccior and a Siudcnt Council
rcpi'cscninlivc. all from lhc Class oi
1959.

Miss [much statics lhul ihc new
lists for assigned convocation seats
urc poslcd on lhc Student Council
bulletin board. Mysknnia bulletin
board in Lower Draper. and in Ihc
(‘olnnions ’l‘hosc having assigncd
seals must sign attendance slips in
thc rear of the auditorth

(intimation ﬂyemia

Motion to Wulvo Constitution.
Nominations for AA Board and
Student (‘ouncil at Large.

’l‘wo freshman apologies.

Reading of Campus Commission
rules.

(‘onstitutioual Amendments.

Winterlude skit.

Announcements.

Voting.

crly Wylam '57 was Soccer Sweet-
heart. This year's team had a 6-3
winning season.

The following committees have
been selected for the dance: Chair-

man of Arrangements, Richard
Suucr '57; Decorations, William

Frunkonls. Marlene Ferner. Sopho-
morcs. and Phyllis Mallory. Barbara
Kcnncll. Renate Schoeni‘clder. Jud-
ith Pcarstonc, Janice Graham.
frcshmcn; Publicity. Lcydcn Wells
‘58. Carol Altic, Gull Roberts, Soph-
oinorcs. and Frances Jadick, ch-
ulc Schocnfcldcr. freshmen; Chair-
man of Flowers. Lcydcn Wells ’58;
Clcon-up. Richard Ronconi. Rich-
:n'd Willis. Sophomores. and Rich—
;n'd Silllt’l‘ '57; Rclrcshmcnts, Suz—
nnlic Licbcrmun and William Dc-
(il‘lnil. Juniors. Robert Rcuss '57.
and Kuthcrinc Bonk '59.

Affiliates Stage
Sunday Exhibit

'l'hc Drumulic and Arts Affiliates
will sponsor an Art Exhibit Sunday
:ilicrnoon from 3 to :3 1).Lll. in Bru—
llili'lll'l‘ Uppci‘ Loungc. announces
(‘urolyn ()hvo '59. Chairman of the
Ari Exhibit Commission. Stutcsincn
orc nnilcd to illlt’lltl the exhibit.
liclrcshmcnls Will bc scrvcd.

The purpose of the Art Exhibit is
to give high school students in the
city of Albany an opportunity to
display their artistic lulcnis.

Among the works that will be on
display are paintings. ceramics. jew-
elry. and weaving. All the works are
creations of local high school stu-
dents.

This exhibit is the first of two to
bc sponsored by the Affiliates this
year. These exhibits are held to
further the development of creative
art among local high school stu-
dents.

 

