PAGE 8

News Views:

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 14. 1956

Students Vote To Settle Problem
Cl Tennessee Scl'iool Integration

By JOHN mean

The town of Clinton, Tennessee
is in the spotlight again this week.
For the past three months the ofﬁ-
cials of Clinton High School have
been trying to comply with the
Supreme Court decision on integra-
tion. For the past three months,
they have been unsuccessful in their
eﬂorts.

Assault On Minister

Eight Negro students had enrolled
in Clinton High, but they found that
the "unwelcome" mat had been put
out by a minority of the white stu-
dents. Lest week, the Negro stu-
dents stayed home for four days
after a series of “insults” had been
cast on them by a few of the whites.
Finally, a Baptist minister escorted
six of the Negro children to school,
only to be assaulted later. The
school’s principal, D. J. Brittain
Jr., immediately closed the school
temporarily due to the unrest.
Voters Veto Violence

On the day of the assault, village
elections were held in Clinton. A
ticket favoring integration and a
ticket favoring segregation Were on
the ballot. As soon as word of the
assault on the minister spread
throughout the town, the people
went to the polls in great numbers.

Car Pool Arranges
Holiday Transportation

A car pool offering rides to any-
place in the state for the Christmas
vacation has been organized, accord-
ing to Donald McClain, '59.

Students desirous of obtaining
rides, and those with cars who have
extra passenger space, are requested
to sign up at the desk in lower
Draper today.

This is the only type of special
vacation transportation for the holi-
day as their are no special vacation
trains.

The integration ticket won the
election by a three to one majority.
The people of Clinton have shown
the world that they are vehemently
opposed to violent action.
“Benevolent” States

Meanwhile, Federal Judge Robert
L. Taylor ordered the arrest of six-
teen Clinton residents, including
two women, for interferring with
the integration process. Judge Tay-
lor set their trial date for January
28. The attorneys general of Texas,
Georgia, and Louisiana are going
to “advise” the defense counsel dur-
ing the trial. We are sure the
people of Texas, Georgia and
Louisiana can ﬁnd enough work at
home for their attorneys general
instead of letting them interfere
with a case in Tennessee!
Minority Mob

Although the majority of the peo-
ple of Clinton seem to be opposed
to integration, they have indicated
that they do not condone violent
action. They are willing to abide by
the law. The school authorities and
town officials had urged compliance
with the law. Out of an enrollment
of over seven hundred white stu-
dents in the Clinton High School,
only about forty took part in the
insult tactics. Authorities have
blamed outside agitators for the
disorders.
Students Back Stand

Today, Clinton High School stu-
dent are back in their classes. The
student body has overwhelmingly
endorsed the principal’s stand of
complying with the integration or-
der. Students who are found guilty
of misconduct over the integration
issue will be expelled from school.

If the authorities continue to
prosecute the violent racial segre-
gationists, and if the townspeople
continue to Work in harmony, se-
gregation in the Clinton school
system will become a thing of the
past.

Freshmen Win
State Awards

Oscar E. Lanford, Dean of the
College, announces that sixteen ad-
ditional New York State Regents
College Scholarships have been
awarded to members of the fresh-
man class. It had previously been
reported that seventy-seven regular
scholarships and eleven special sci-
ence scholarships had been award-
ed, making a total of eighty-eight
Scholarships. At present, there are
104 recipients of the state scholar-
ships.

The additional holders of the
scholarships are Katherine Aldous,
Joanna Babcock, Janis E. Clum.
Joseph F. Conroy, Isabel] Dalzell,
John A. Eckelman, David Feldman,
Mary Alice Gird, Solveig L. Hans-
sen, Margaret L. Hawver, Angela N.
LoVerde, Phyllis H. Mallory.

Sonja D. Pelton, Miriam Ptalis,
Peter J. Savarie, Ann Scott, Ger-
trude L. Sufrin, and Sandra L.
Zitko.

Last year the New York State
Regents offered a new scholarship
to those High School Seniors with
a major in Math or Science. This
scholarship consists of $500 for each
of five years while the student pur-
sues his indicated course of study.

Class Presents
Oral Readings

Dramatics and Arts Council will
present the Class of Oral Interpre-
tation in the third Evening of Read—
ing from Literature Tuesday. at 8
pm. in Draper 349, announces
Marcia Moiselman '57, Chairman of
Publicity for Oral Readings.

This will be a winter program and
will include readings by Brenda
Erde, Claire Hampel, Paul Gannon,
Margaret Toth and Shirley Hyman,
Juniors.

In addition to the readings, Paul
Powiesland '58, will sing several
ballads.

‘ Moist W5 Whit/Wit!

wuuson

 

WINSTON
TASTES GOOD!

I Here’s a cigarette

get together on! Winston flavor is rich,
full -~ the way you like it. And the one and

Switch to WINSTON America’s best-selling, best-tasting filter cigarette!

you and your date can

 

Student Council:

Council To Use Big Four Fund
To Publish State College Songbook

By arm. roux

Student Council convened Wed-
nesday evening with 'Clyde Payne
’57, wielding the gavel. Included in
the agenda were committee reports
and discussions of the Big Four
Fund, and the Foreign Student
Fund.

Because of the problem of the
inability of several members of the
Student Board of Finance to attend
meetings, Donald Rice '58 moved
that Article 8, Section 1A of the
Student Association Constitution be
replaced with the following repre-
sentation listing ﬁve Juniors, seven
Sophomores. and three freshman,
thereby deleting the original repre-
sentation of sixteen members in-
cluding three seniors. Student
Council passed the motion that it
be recommended for the passage by
Student Association at the January
4 Convocation.

Student Council passed the Rival-
ry Committee’s recommendation
that a clean-up committee from
each class be appointed to police
Dorm ﬁeld after activities and that
each rival class spend a. maximum
of $10 for activities excluding the
skit which is to cost a maximum of
$25.00 per class. Council also passed
the motion to abolish the traditional
banner hunt and in lieu of the track
and ﬁeld eyents men's and women's
basketball games be held. Also
passed was the motion to have out-
siders be judges of the rivalry de-
bate and sing rather than Myskania,
which supplements the intention of
furthering the new rivalry proced-

 

Francis llarwood, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Education, died yesterday.
He came to the college in 1944 and
prior to his death was a supervisor
of science in the Milne School. Mr.
liar-wood was a graduate of New
York State College for Teachers,
Albany, where he received his AB.
and MA. degrees.

LIKE A
CIGARETTE
SHOULD!

only Winston ﬁlter does its job so well
the flavor really comes through! For fiucl‘
ﬁlter smoking, make a date with Winston!

ure. Council also passed the motion
to have two representatives of the
Junior Class chosen by Myskania
to serve as advisors in rivalry to the
freshman class.

Sally Harter '58 reported for the
State College Revue Committee that
the two scripts submitted by the
students were unacceptable. Stu-
dent Council then moved that for
the State College Revue a Broadway
production be used with funds to
be used from surplus.

Student Council passed the mo—
tion to change Parents Weekend to
Parents Day with the anticipation
of having more parents come up.

David Kendig '57 proposed. after
very lengthy deliberation, the solu-
tion of what to do with the Big
Four Fund. Council passed his mo-
tion that the fund be used to under-
write the expenses for the publica-
tion of a Songbook to be sold with
funds to be returned to the Big
Four Fund. The songbook, which is
to contain College songs and their
histories, is to be published by the
Traditions Committee of Myskania.

Registrar Requests
Candidates Signatures

All students expecting to com-
plete degree requirements for a
Bachelor or Master’s degree by Jan-
uary. 1957 should Sign the list on
the bulletin board outside the
Registrar's ofﬁce before leaving for
the Christmas holidays, according to
Diane Davey, College Registrar.

Lists are also available to Exten-
sion class instructors for the bene-
ﬁt of those students not attending
regular session classes.

When signing the list, degree
candidates should write their name
in full, as they wish to have i‘.
appear on their diplome.

is always good company i

 

 

It. I “UVNOIU'
'I’UIJAUCU CO ,
WINalUH-SALEM, N. c

 

: “um «ma-«swawr‘ugeu

 

 

  

  

 

 

shim“... . . . ‘ .  "“E

 

 

        
 

Harriman Plans Funds"
For State Construction

- state College
News

ALBANY, NEW YORK.

        
  

  

   



313...

              

   

r

    
 
    
   

 

       

 

 

  

Z 462

   

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 8. l957 VOL. XLll NO. 1

- Forum Sponsors President Of
British Council At Convocation

There will be “1 non-legislative m'in ' '
' i .. , c y thousands of overseas stu- oil‘s work abroad Ht. is
; ,‘H‘I ‘H  .i.. . .=.excd
Séildvoct‘gtciioenfoile éilgeiioli‘iggciitrglpiﬁlgorgi gents, VltSltllllg' experts and United speak on the British ediiiatt‘ionzti‘i
' .i ' . a'ions ec mical 'ssi. ' ' ' . " ‘ ' ' ‘ ‘
w umnmls mommg States Marilyn a stance fellows. ygffgzsand inter national cultural 1e-
Peach 53‘ Chan-man of Convoca_ The recipient of an honorary doc- "
gigﬁincgllflﬁlnffap  that,“ time 2(1)::th S‘Olll Abelrdﬁcn University New Seating List
1 0 CS w, pm- i . l onorary e ow of Worccs- T1 1 ' '
sent General Sir Ronald Adam ter College Oxford Sir Ronald is 18 new ms 0‘ names or those AS work communes on the new U i I
’ I. , ‘ y I , V ‘ I _ who m ‘ ., , p _ on plant Will be ii . ~-
‘glmfgnc? Mulcmm Rogers '57, Premdem of the Nammml Institute muomufsotr'33:nﬁlxlfiifggtéivvecggmég- Western Avenue donmitory, plans money is ai)brolniiaxtedlelft yet“, u
‘(!.'l on. of Adult Education Chairman of '1 i — x K. - were revealed I or acmal
) . “ '1 ‘ Sum were posted today. Those em on Capital Hill for construction '
Sh. Adam is Pmsjdem of [he illigi‘ﬁOUISSII (12121212111iisgtgtjglgfmlikluI ple who were excused from cogvm future construction at State Col- at that time.
British CH I, I I"  K I. ‘ ‘ t v 1 cations before must ‘ — le’e‘
iishcd in (légéil'l‘llililcgouii‘cil  fgbl/ldiiiioiir {Bil‘liDgik Cgleg?’ and Cuse“ [or the new sezglglg-n‘;§;ﬁ(ﬁ(s. E The CO“ '
Sponsmle for the Brimsn cunuml hmrm The'lg‘c ﬁe Islaskggelgffilgl married gtlldEIlts, and those having Governor. Hzl'm-llllllll's budget, sent em 1 t"ego has selected the pres-
relations program in most coun- man of the Nationsil Institutgdbl’ an 69mm“ 'm'e excused from 85- lo “'16 Repubhcan'connoued legis‘ . . 9m .10“ 0f the couege Hejghts
mes M the world excem the [min Induser PSVChUlO’ , b ‘ I. semblles but If me“. names appeal. atuie. Includes an appropriation C1OImItones as the proposed site of
States. under sn- Rmmm's leader- the Admow‘cmmgiféytfl menﬁdex “0 on the lists they must send a now for the planning of a combined the structure, The barracks .
ship, the program has reflected his tion in the'Colonics ‘Lieiiilcliiibei'm‘rlif t0 Miss LeaCh by SLUdent Ma“.  funding mm Gymnasjum' after me war wm pmb‘qmy' lEIEEtEd
belief in the unifying influences of thc 'Vli'n  ' I l V ' ' 1e apmomiatiom mm H i d l V i l l )6 0m
. , i i . eis Welfare Commissmn ' ' " | ‘ K mm this hmmner'rmw '
. me mwnm I u . v ‘ I  g t ' dppthll of the stale 1'. i ' a" I 'mea w“le
The COUIlglllon‘iiCl‘cflCll‘tllltlS‘ll cliIICtIiIPiiCMdem “1 me [Jun-my ASSO' planning Will begin imllfijelglzigl: filtfliifd'in‘dng tum“! mm playing
I ‘ .1 J . ' A _ i .‘ ( ennis ' ‘
smiwqes bum abroad and m Great Walk on the new PhySIcai Educa- niisiuni will face  eI‘lSi‘gym-
Bll'ltluln. Its extensive program in- Before accepting the Presidency Tl g wet.
,, cuccs English language teaching of the British Con ' ' I w
. ' , . ‘ H n ,. t , ncxl. Sir Ronald 7e“ a .
gaming l‘cctuieisoveiseas.and spon- was Chairman and General Director   lltigﬁlgmended that the‘ gymnasmm
. ng Visi s by ballet companies, from 1946-1954. As Chairman, he Non legislatin ,md "ml-do, N I 8 two gyms. a swumnmg DOOL
- A 5' I I e on—

thoatre companies. and art exhibits. visited forty-six countries in a six Cumpul (  courts tor handball mm squaSh’ a
sory ,‘onvocation in Page f 

Moreover, the Council looks after year period to supervise the Coun- bowung alley, lower moms. and
"all.
Fee Increases
omniends to the legislature a re-

physical education classrooms.
y GOOf f courses "_ General so Ronald Adams Noted Osc'ir E
H , . t . Lanford Dean of the I - ‘ ‘
B t ‘ I ' V. ‘ ‘ . .ippion'iation ‘ s
NO     rI Ish Speaker, President of the College, states that as a result of COHSLI‘IUCU'On Ofoﬁr “gill/Slig'lfllllli’mi’lafrcils
Announcements from the Chair.

Bri ‘ ‘ - - ‘
“sh council. Mum, by the Board of Trustees of are now being drawn, and it is ex-
Had your exams, huh? Flunked, at cleven. Well. got that assignment

State University at recent meetings  an” construction Wm begin
., . . , . . . the folio ' - r l ‘ . year‘ The s” ' '
huh. Good. Now maybe you ll stop finished. Gee, it's only one o’clock Announcements from me “0°” “ill bt filing Ch‘mgLs m expenses be located on t ucmle Will

I u . t . . 1 . .. ‘ ' l )e ’
glylllljalyy(1:|lil1(3;léﬁdill;d btlhllldlzl. Seven whole hours before that first cam/e on Jujy I} 1957‘ AVG

. iave earn! .. M ' mm, ‘ I I ‘
mm studying won't get you km;- Llilhh. Only tin-cc more classes to Room and board at Bl-ubilcher Ha“. directly opposm Diaper
where. except u “03pm” bed new  lolr tonight. Good thing» 0   Hall Will be $300.00 per semester.
hum mm.” mi)“; imgr:(:lim;.(;m.:f& LSCven . ' and $600.00 for the academic year AISo under consideration is the
. I a 3 r1 me H. " ‘ inc" I i i l I

OH on of mm “UL stuffy mum. mam (1mm You um :50 your    Dining the SUlllllllCl~ session room buildiil’; 01f“: 3I'ieL‘wanIagafe-teaching
imd  mm a nice, warm, stuffy Lt; prepare for that Lab quiz. Sleep? and board M“ be $11000 rm Six selected [or me Strucmre 1151;101:5811;

ill'. 1‘1 ' l) l' :-' -I' ‘ H r ' " ' '  " I“... v l i I '
{no mini. youll git (Marlena ill glint up. Rliilipl [hats for sissies. Flldlly. F‘L‘bl'uul‘y 15. 1111 SCIII'UI‘N Md“ and $14400 my elgm weeks‘ m me very early planning Stage
... ' 1. you think studying can 1"""1“le5L""“g”““ds and “WHO-9 will be excused from ('l'lS'“ ' ' T " ' i
Q”, yuulmnmwheru How um 1” Hum ways. (u l L k i“ F .I.sts In 01- ho dormitory and Regular Ses-

“u w) mmc in the “WWW” get 4r .o 11 c 10 ’ cuchcr Education sion Fce' hencef '

I ‘Hu ' ' I ‘ . i . oith to be kno' i‘
“I.” u bwk’ and “an L0 wad By “its. LAllI pink and no play, Who EXilllllllzithll of the Educational “COUCH” FOG." will be $27 58mm: a e 
jiﬂIIlluvnmﬂlni my has, “w “851%” MIMI"; ge irritwieiuﬁltiilogg \l/ljlllltd and 11.5mm Sylvia. gm.“ M the request SCIIIL‘SLOp The tuition fee for sum-

I .' i . on (now. one of  i . I, si your ~ , x. .  “101' SL‘SSlUH "Ind Cxteiisio '  .
tliosu Short assignments we no  will M Imsu you,“ kw” will"  E'hult‘lllijllllillllblgll mmo'unccs formerly $1060 or $12 ﬁonlmiingeiifl  
hm. “L mum ﬁllvolli‘l’lljlolélzl‘l(5,3Tlie 1”“, guys they Curlew - 1‘ "~ “1” 01 “10 ester hour. depending upon whether

. . . it . i ' ' I ' l H i .

Am” dim)” you g” buck L0 NM" an“)st wad; {0:11.055 [that] tinu, tht ciedit 'was undergraduate or Tlic State College Theatre pm-
MM” Two mum “It” WU “mm Hm,“ “nu-1.1.007“ W) H. ’ Lentils This Wimp.“ u“ Swims with the graduate, Will henceforth be $15.00 chit-Lion, q‘he Insect Co; :1 i. ,
Him. ms"“5518mm!”Sllddcmy Im- m I“ if H l... g . ~\oii ptisist “WWW,” (,l- the L0,,” [slum 01L poi- sunlCSLGl' hour 1-m- llllClegl‘lldll- I . ... ‘ nccy. Will
“m. ynu kmw “I W5 “In “mm-k I“; Inigo: )lIiiLILilgjyourbooks along. CIIIanIsteIu-th-sand flue individuals ate 01- graduate Work. it riccutod on the evenings or
’I'inu- to go to the Union for coffee. tcrnl pillil’l‘S' sh‘ilccvsiixlel“ in your Hiking m“ “Wig” lullglmg“ 0”” R" l‘ ' I ' Mimi“ 29 mm 30 in Page Ha“
llin—ni Only got hull tliiit iissign— around here. ‘Oh uWilli will?“ lip “mm manlmumm (m that (my. [Htéflllﬁéhl “[(lcvlmmml lumm‘gmd- Aummnum
“mm, mm“. WP“, “Her WNW.  ‘ . 4 ~ “I, , in o ‘I . t io ('iiII'i‘,‘U( tuition lo;-

Bdtk study. Diuiight pltlisc. All I'rguhirly enrolled students ‘m'md'mw “1 511mm“- 505510”
who will (‘tllllplt‘lt‘ Work [or ii Ditch—
cloi"s degree in Juno or August,
1057, ill't‘ required by the State
Unlvvi'sity to take those cxnniinn-
lions.

          
  
 

    
  
  
     
  
 
 
      
    
       
     
   
  
 
   
  
  
    
       
   
 
   
        
      
     
  
       
     
   
   
  
  
 
 
    
   
      
       
  
   
  
    
     

 

     

Above. construction workers on State’s new Western Avene dormi

tory pose with the lm lcm
Willard Gillette. p ents of their trade for NEWS photographer.

Partridge Street Site

emanation

coliege administration has

New Library

Forum Board of Politics Speaker: The Covoinm' b r1
1 '  uget also rec-

he easterly cor '
net
of Thurlow Terrace and Western

r.

k lDllgl’t'ttll‘ of the production is Jur-
i iiI'IIiI  - ‘xn -
Room and board charges in Suylcs EllkliSli. ’ll'licAisiliisi'miii timfm ' “f
and Pll'l'l'l‘ Hulls Will be the some 11011 by Dr. ism-1:11} ‘Will \bilhuiblu-
us in Brnhiiclici', that is $300.00 per lM‘Utllll'llUll with n rcust if  Luge
sriiicsii'r, sooooo pt‘l' your. Room pic. dam-ing. 21nd lll‘:lll’( 2i pvw-
und board In houses opcrutcd by -'U>lUL’l|llll4 'lo portr'ibv libdpumu3
the I“ll(‘llll_\’-Sl,li(lt‘llt Association i'lnu'uctci's “ L“, “me”
Will he $Jil5.l)0 pci' scIIu-slcr and I
$570.01) lll'l' your.

Seniors lll‘t‘ uski-il to register for
llll‘ cquniIiuIion in the Student. Pcr~
sonncl Office from li‘cbi'uury 4-8
nnd to pick up the official Bulletin
of" llllUi'llliilllill. Seniors lll'L‘ also to
check the llllllt‘tlll board across
from the Student Pci‘suiint‘l (illici-
lor Sl‘litlllll, ni'I'uiigcinciits ioI' both
the u lil. llfl l).ill. sessions.

I Norman CliniIcI-r ‘53 Will plin the
.md l‘lilt'; his role is different in
that he plays a human being in the
World of insects. Other lending roles
lll'l‘ to bc pluyed by: William Gard-

Malawi patchy
nor '59, Francis lrcliind, Thomas

(‘ontrziry to the last issue of the i.“ 
News, "(Joninion-stiitcr" writers this  iii/dimﬁnial-Twingimme";
semester are Marie (‘ui'boiic and {gull-"1“ “ml Kli‘llﬁlKillIliliillllfim’gii’
“imam Foldnmm Miss Carbon“ m_ A:,sislII.IL l)ll‘(.‘i'll)l' of the production
plnccs Leonorc Hughes, who was ‘5 “my Pulinum 69'
iinzible to accept the position.

Classes Meet Jointly

Tuesda V
Y In page  An Intrrnutionally known theatre
success. "The Insect Comedy" is ii

The Junior So p ho more “I ‘ H '

‘ ' V um] i editorials appearing in this - '

ircshinun classes will hold it (‘()lll- lml’er “"9 "‘9 “I’ll'l""“ “f “w w'  bllllml l” the mm] or u mu—
. ,. (once the sometimes

I , u ( “ll-1’ ()ll lllCSdlly ill  tdll‘" 5 u d l ' lb [ “In I n V” i l H t l
l . ,  LU ‘uuloullCU to. [Alb “lute” I), "Cl hollh ("Jun tllt‘l‘ IVs-l ( 5 I )f ( H “1'; [Hull] bby “FPSPHHHV
[hp 1 lt‘hpl‘LLIVt. “I'Lﬁldtlllla': Ulll) “IL  rs  be ‘0ll("“'d b) ‘hell \"ll it)“ i l « 5‘Klet5 ll 1 e.
I ‘ ‘I b 'lblN’LtS 0f  L
' 0 ]

St‘cfiliinlli, Donulil McClain, and Rob- illlllﬂls- fun i‘ '

I'ictui'cd iilm'a l' . i ' .  . _ _ err cWis. 'l‘ie possibility 01' in- ,. n 0 “15m we.

Frank Vctoskv. “ll”: Fliiialiiitiiiirllvil mzelllmsi‘ll.l'°"l “in to “gm” “my are Q‘mmmlw “ “"lmc‘” “"1” “Wm” “H: News "mud and 5m" “we” D. ~

Joseph Smith Marie Dcttmer illobellt K‘i l,l‘"‘il“’:kl, Marlene Ackcf'lnan, ior'clcctions to various Student As- "0 "espom‘lmmy f0" “almrl‘m “ml if 11. ‘Bu‘mm hus'mmouuced that

“Wham, Num,y mmmmsﬁml Arthur “06:33)(IAvilguglgimmik, (.ilzvilirgc riii'iil:l()ll offices wil be considcrai Views expressed in columns. as they in;  ll‘bhlluyone interested in try-

., ’ i . I I A , . ' * are ar~ iy tic members. TM” 111 i “We” 0"” u H ‘ ‘OXWS or Stage W i

“I. Lame  N H ' I ‘ ' I by w II so no oiinuns at h . . LlLW. in.

human me [cry Ann 5(lilottliaulmr, .loyie Mtycimdnn. and Keith discuss u complete revision of State “Tue” t 6 Should coma“ elm“. D1“ Burial} or

. ‘ ) ‘ . l r‘ I” e‘ i) l H“ ‘ ‘

Student Government. the News Board and staff. of liliiglislimum' “51mm: mmessor

   
 
 
  
  
   

  

