 

 

 

“’W‘ w arm ‘ .yIELI’A-lduﬁa



 

M stage, an:

   

CiAavF’Y‘.  3 ,w,

set-m-

 
 

 

PAUE 4 " “

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2.

1956

Reactionary Republicans Plus Eisenhower Democrats

Play Party Politics With American School Children

President Eisenhower Evades issue,
Takes Stand Alter Construction Vote

As students and potential teachers, one of the main issues of the present cam~
paign that we should seriously concern ourselves with is that of Federal Aid to School

Construction.

The 1800 delegates to the White House Conference on Education were con-
cerned last November when they overwhelmingly endorsed such federal aid. The Na-
tional Education Association was concerned when it came out in favor of such federal
aid. We should all be aware of th: serious shortage of classrooms in the United States
today, but it is quite obvious that the majority of the Republicans in the House of
Representatives were not aware of the shortage. Yet, these same individuals will make
all kinds of campaign promises but when the time comes to fulfill those promises,
they back down. Now we shall show you how President Eisenhower and the Republi-
cans in the House of Representatives killed the Federal Aid to School Construction

Bill. Here are the facts!

The Federal Aid to School Construction Bill, sponsored by Representative Au—
gustine Kelley (D) of Pennsylvania, came out of committee and onto the floor of the
House of Representatives on July fifth. Representative Adam Powell, Negro Democrat

of New York (a supporter of Eisenhower), introduced an
in turn would deny funds to states that did not comply with the Supreme
Court decision on desegregation. Newspapers had declared it a political
certainty that if the Powell amendment were approved. the bill would
be killed by ﬁlibustering Southerners. Before the introduction of this
amendment. the members of the House had heard testimony to the
effect that the North and South were both in desperate need of class-
rooms, yet Representative Powell. in order to save face. sponsored the
amendment, forsaklng the desperate needs of the American children.
As Representative William Dawson, Negro Democrat of Chicago so well
put it. “I would not deny to the children in all the states the opportuni-
ties to obtain their education because the people of a few scattered
states have not yet obeyed the mandate of the Court. When the way is
open to hale them before the Court. This is orderly process of our
American way of life." The Powell Amendment was approved by a vote
of 225-192. On this vote, 148 Republicans and '77 Democrats supported
the amendment. Now came the ﬁnal vote on the bill in its entirety.

The National Education Association, which spent $27,726 during the
school bill fight. sent a wire to President EiSenhower urging that he
send a special mesesage to Congress on the school aid bill. President
Eisenhower ignored the request, and remained silent throughout the
floor fight. When the final vote was taken, the bill was defeated by a
vote of 224-194.

Eisenhower Shirks Leadership

Voting for the bill were 119 Democrats and 75 Republicans, while
105 Democrats and 119 Republicans voted against the measure. In other
words. 53”? of the voting Democrats supported the bill, and only 39%
of the voting Republicans supported the bill. President Eisenhower. the
leader of the Republican Party. remained silent. The same President
Eisenehower who in his ’52 campaign made promises on education, the
same President Elsanhower who supported Federal Aid to School Con-
struction at the White House Conference on Education, and the same
President Eisenhower who once again is telling us how much he wants
to increase our number of classrooms. When he had his golden oppor-
tunity to make good his promises on federal aid to education, he wasn‘t
around. WHERE WAS HE?

It is interesting to note that 97 Republicans who voted for the
Powell amendment did an about face and votcd AGAINST THE BILL.
Not a single Democrat who had voted for the Powell amendment voted
against the bill. We would have that needed federal aid if only sixteen
of these 97 Republicans had put the needs of the children before their
own personal political ambitions. The day following the defeat of the
bill, Eisenhower, through his Press Secretary, stated that he would still
work for the passage of school legislation. as he wanted more schools.
Many educators have stated that if the Prosidcnt had made the same
statement the day before, the school bill would have been passed.
Times Attacks Republicans

Today, we are still in need of 'Iassrooms. By killing the Federal
Aid to School Construction Bill. the Republicans killed our chances of
improving the situation. Take a look at the opposite page and see what
our Republican friends have to say about the Federal Aid bill. Then.
compare the facts! The New York Times which is supporting Eisen—
hower, had this to say about the defeat of the bill in its headline of
July 6. 1956: "Opposition By Republicans Proves Major Surprise." Wc
challenge any Republican to deny our charges that the Republicans
killed the Federal Aid to School Construction Bill. Let the facts speak

for themselves!

-COLONIAL—

Central Avenue Near Quail St.

 

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Avc.,

 

FrL-Sat. Nov. 2-3
Alan Ladd - Rossana Podcsta
SANTIAGO
Richard Wldinark — Donna lilac-d
BACK LASII
Friday from 6:30 pm
Sat. from 1:30 Coiitin.

Near Washington Avc.
2 liAltlilt‘ltb‘

We Aim To Please

 

 

Sun.-Mon.-’I‘ues. Nov. 4-5-6
Bing Crosby - Grace Kelly
Frank Sinatra in
[[1611 SOCIETY
Mickey Rooney — Jack Carson
Magnificent ltoughnccks
Sun. 2 pm. Contiii.
Mon-Tues. 6:30 pm.

Nov. 7—8

W
(,‘oriicr Ontario 84 llcnson

DIM. 4-1125

FLORIST and
GREENHOUSE

College Worm for Year:

Wed-Thurs. V
Bing Crosby in ’
LITTLE LOST BUY
——-AI&o——
Shirley Booth - Burt Lancaster

Come Back Little Sheba

 

 

 

Daily 6 :30 pm.

amendment to the bill which

 

The State College News Board
wishes to thank Richard Sauer and
John Yager who edited this page.

The stories and columns on this
page reflect only the viewpoints of
the page editors.

The Editor

 

Mayor Wogner’

Republicans Find
No Enemy For
Great Crusade

For those persons interested in
the GOP. slogan of 1052. “We'll
clean up the mess in Washington“
we would like to ask the “Crusaders”
“What Crooks and their Cronies"
have you cast out of the govern-
ment?"

Hearing no response to our in-
quiry, we should like to list a few
“knights” in this crusade whose
armour is tarnished and tattered.

Air Force Secretary Talbott re-
signed after admitting “making
phone calls and writing letters" ion
Air Force stationery) to pressure
defense contractors into using an
engineering firm with which he is
associated. He received a letter from
Ike expressing “warm wishes for
success."

Wesley Roberts. G.O.P. National
Chairman, resigned after it was
proven that he got $11,000 for sell-
ing, to the State of Kansas. a build-
ing it already owned.

Adolph Wenzell. Budget Bureau
Consultant on Dixon-Yates Duel,
involved in violation of “conflict of
interest law” in connection with
Dixon-Yates.

5 City Record

Qualifies Him For Senate Seat

The Senatorial race in New York State is one of the most signiﬁcant
in our nation this year. The Democrats have nominated the progresswc

mayor of New York City, Robert Wagner.
Wagner of

the former distinguished Senator
to win his father's old seat.

Robcrt Wagner, the son oi
New York, is striving

Against Wagner the Republicans, lacking n reactionary candidate,

were forced to call upon the

Jacob Javits.

liberal

Republican Attorney—General,

Robert Wagner‘s reward as mayor of New York City is more than
sufficient to recommend him as the Junior Senator from New York.
Many individuals attack Bob Wagner as the reluctant candidate. Their

accusations arise because Mr. Wag-
ner takes his job as mayor of New
York City seriously and realizes his
obligations to his electorate.

Bob Wagner in his two years as
chief cxecutivc of our largest city
has succeeded in solving uiiiiiiy prob-
lems and has taken progressive
steps on a long range program which
will eliminate the other afflictions
of this metropolis.

Sonic immodiiitc effects of his
program have been an increase in
the poicc force and ii subsequent
reduction of criminal violations, An
enlightened and continual program
of traffic control has bccii crcntcd
to cope with the prcsciit situation
and create a policy to solve thc
problem in the future.

Through n scrics of rcoi'gaiiim-
tional moves in the administrative
setup of the government he has
succeeded in eliminating duplica-
tion and has increased cfficicncy iii
the city govcrnmciit.

Hochi-r Bob Wagner's intcrcsts
are not limited to the New Yoik
City fil'l'll, In the past years Mayor
Wagnci' has ciigngcd in a continual
program of spi-iiking and traveling
throughout 2ill lll'UiiS of Now York.
Realizing the ccoiiomy of New York
State and Vicc verso. Bob Wiigiicr
kccps in closc contact with tho prob—
lems of all citizens of our lCiiiplrc
Stiitc.

cht 'l‘ucsday, We shall Iiich thc
opportunity to elect ll progressive
Senator to support It progressive
new president. Adlai Stevenson.
Votc ior progress. Vote for Bob
Wagner, Votc Democratic.

 

ROBI‘III’I‘ I". WAGNER

Reaction, Ridicule
Dominate Nixon

Does Nixon qualify for the Vice-
Presidency in judgment. integrity,
and responsibility? In light of the
increased emphasis upon this once
forgotten position, we must exam—
ine more closely the qualifications
of the Republican candidate.

Realizing the smear and slander
techniques that Reactionary Rich-
ard has previously used with such
success would not be tolerated this
year, the Republican Party has at-
tempted to whitewash the Nixon
issue by ordering the Vice-President
to stay out of the gutter between
the convention and election this
year. However, all whitewash and
sweet words in the world cannot
cover up the ruthless and over-
])ill‘tlSElIl methods he has used to
perpetrate his political prominence.
Nixon's "Clean" Campaigning

Let us examine the tactics used
by Nixon and his associates 11] their
drive to gain GOP dominance.
While conducting his first campaign
for political office. Collicr's magn-
;.ine reports that Nixon supporters
conducted a phone campaign in
which callers stated "this is a
friend of yours. I just wanted you
to know that Jerry Voorhis is a
communist," The caller ‘thcn hung
up. Voorhis, besides being an ardent
anti-connnunist, was also recognized
for his ability by being voted the
West‘s top congressman by the
Washington Press Corps.

Reactionnry Richard‘s character,
however, is equally as well demon-
strated by his voting record Wlllii'
in Congress from 1946 to 1952.
Record 0f Reaction

Dick voted to restrict the Point 4
program.

Dick voted to cripple the trade
agreements extension,

Dick voted against the Fair Elli--
ployinent Practices Code in the
Senate Labor Committee.

Dick voted against social security
covcrzigc for 750,000 workers.

Dick voted against an insurance
system to take care of those por—
iiiuncntly or totally (lisnbli-d before
the zing of 65.

Dick voted against public holis-
liig, shim clearance, and in :ifidlilOll.
ho lcd tlic fight to kill public hous-
ing in Los AiigclL's.

And Itcactionnry Richard voted
against a Korean Aid bill only five
months before the Kori-xiii attack.
The bill was killed by it one vote
margin. Later. Iiick was absent. and
unrecorded on a second vote for
$I0tl inillloii ill military aid to Korea.

Bccaiiisc of split“, Wi‘ niiisl. liiiiil
our discussion to lhost- points. How-
over, the facts against Nixon can
lill iiiiiiiy pugi's. Ht’lt‘l' to tho Ro-
lilliilli'nll page in this pupci, .ind soc
what they intro to say lll defense
of tlic vico—hutclicl ﬂllilll of the Re-
publican Party.

Votc lili' (ii't'iit liti((‘l, iilt'
Sli'nighl ticket. Voto Dciiioci'ulic.

New York State Republicans Follow Party
Line,- Help To Scuttle Federal School Bill

Of the lit) ltcpiibliiuins lll llli‘
llousc who holpcd lo til‘ll‘lll. Lhi- li‘i-d—
oi'ul Altl ioi' School Construction

Bill, lllll'l‘ll \\l‘l't' Il'illil our own
siaiii- itopri‘sciilulivcs ’l‘zihi‘i', Colo,
(lulnbic, (iwiiiii. .loiiiis, Kcnriioy,

Kilburn. Miller, Poliioin. ltny, Roi-d,
St. George, Wainwright. Wlilii‘loii.
and Wiillulllh' llll lll'illHl to (ii-foal
the bill. Miiybc We should rciirc
ilii'sc i‘cpi‘csciilullvcs ii‘oiii Ciiilgl'i‘h't.
in order to give them a chitin-c to
find out just how short we are of

One Ooko

Thin

SNACK BAR

Time!

 

 

 

classrooms ill Now York State Soy—
t‘llli'i‘ll Dcnioi-i'uis ironi Now York
\'i)ll'(| for illi' hill wiih liol‘t' oppos—
l'Ii. ltcprcscniniivc lflllllil (iwuui oi
Wcslclicstcr who is n volt-run llli'lll-
i)l‘l' of tho (‘Illll'llllilll committee in
tho Housi- was one oi iili‘ siroiigost
loos of llil‘ bill. [topi'i-si'iitutivo
(iwiim biircly won out :ii the pri—
iiinry this your in his l)\\il district.
Siiii'o thoii, several Wl‘h'l'lil'nll'l'
Republicans lliiVL’ publicly tit‘lll)lill('--
cd itcprcscniiitivo (iVilllll. uiiil ilitVl‘
supported the Ui‘lliill'I‘lllli ('iilllli—
(Into.

If those Republican i'cpi'oscnlu—
tivcs want the support oi New York
on the basis of their rccord. tliiil
support should lioi ho lol'tlicoiiiilig.
The needs of our children are inn-
poi'tiint. th. apparently, some full
to realize those needs. Now is the
limo to rcniovc them from office.
Federal Aid to School Construction
will come up again in Congress.
Support candidates who are slip-
porllng the needs of the people.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

twist-fir 'vr-a-rn-ﬁrvrmn-ﬁmwvw — -.

FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2. 1956

 

Jacob Javits -
Fighting Candidate

The success and faith of New
York State’s future and well being
can only be insured by the election
of Jacob Javits to the United States
Senate seat left vacant by Herbert
Lehman and the election of a veto
proof Republican legislature. The
latter can be accomplished by the
simple process of increasing the Re-
publican margin in the state senate
by 4 and in the assembly by 10.

Jacob Javits, Fighter Extraordinary

Jacob Javits is the only experi-
enced candidate who can best rep-
resent New York State's interests
in Congress while serving the iia—
tion. Javits, who was born in 1904,
who was educated at Columbia and
earned his law degree at New York
University, has served in govern-
mental affairs since before World
War II. He was a major in the war
and served with the Operations
staff on Chemical Warfare.

After the war he entered politics
wholeheartedly and was elected to
the House of Representatives. He
led the pitched battles for in—
creases in social security benefits,
and bills for the enactment of low
cost public housing programs. He
championed the causes of the Eu-
ropean Recovery plan and the
Greek - Turkish Mutual Security
plans. He authored such beneficial
bills as the Omnibus Civil Rights
Act and the Selective Immigration
Act. Javits is a fighter, a leader.
and a man of insurmountable in-
tegrity who must be chosen to rep-
resent New York in the Senate. We
must have a capable fighter for the
Senate. This term will be filled
with such “elected” senators as
Herman Talmadge of Georgia and
Harry Byrd of Virginia.

When Javits is elected he will do
the following thing's that a good
senator must do. He will speak for
the interest of New York's 16 mil-
lion people. Fight for the objectives
of peace of our nation and its pros-
pcrity. Work tirelessly for the equal
opportunities of man and serve his
constituents at home in their prob-
lems with the federal government.
It New York is to get a ‘Good Deal
in Congress it must have a good
man. The only man capable is Ja-
cob K. Javits, your next United
States Senator, there can be no
other choice in such a crucial situ—
ation.

A Veto I’rooi‘ Legislature Necessity!

The Republican Legislature at the
present time has its hands full lit—
orally and figuratively. It must pass
laivs for the advancement of the
welfare of New York State citizens
while fending off the vetoes of a
"visiting" dignitiiry to the state cap-
ital, Avcrcll Hiii'riniiin. Despite the
handicaps imposed on them by It
gentleman who can sliy "Rats" in a
loi‘dly inniincr (Comman on the
air to change the Democratic Civil
Rights Platform), the Republican
Legislature has accomplished the
following things for New York State
citizens.

ll) Slashed liixcs more than 2
billion dollars including 040 million
in state income taxes despite Doin-
oci'ntlc opposition. i’l‘hiit miiii Hur—
l’lliliill iigiiiii.) i2) Iiicrciiscd Stiitc
aid to schools UVi'l' 300 million dol—
lai's and increased tciichcr mini-
mum salaries from $3200 to $3500.
State College students take note!
(3) Originated stiitc financial aid
to all phases of state and local road
building programs. Enacted over
Democratic opposition ii iii—your pro-
grain to improve 12,000 miles oi
town roads. l4) Outinwcd racial and
religious discrimination in illi phases
of public service in New York State.

The Republican record is clear cut;
it is now up to you. tiic Votcr, to
give them complete control over a
menace for the bcncfit of the peo-
ple of the State.

Folicia’s Beauty Salon

53—A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
“JIMMY"»~-Hair Stylist

Telephone 3—97“

? ROW A AL

 

    

Richard M. Nixon

Read This - -

Directly opposite are summarized the ac—
complishments of the Eisenhower admin-
istration. Although it may be true that
vested interests have not succeeded in gain-
ing everything they wanted, by and large
the Eisenhower administration has moved
in a progressive manner to satisfy the ma-
jority of the people. It is a fact that elec-
tions and votes are not won by platforms
and lists of accomplishments. They are
won by adjectives such as “confidence,”
“security,” “prosperity,” and “peace.” On
the basis of these adjectives, too, Ike should
be reelected.

President Eisenhower is respected and
admired throughout the world. President
Truman was not. Regardless of actual ac—
complishments, or other issues, the people
believe in Ike and in his ability to handle
international crises as they arise. In these
crucial times. when war is emminent, when
the world is a powder keg, more than any-
thing else, the people need and want as
President, a person they can rely on with
absolute confidence. You can call it the
Eisenhower “myth,” or any other name
you want to. The point is that Ike has the
confidence of the people and the ability to
hold it. Stevenson does not.

The Democrats have resurrected the
usual propoganda (Wall Street domina-
tion, etc.) that hold true for a Republican
party of twenty years ago, but does not
hold true today. They have, desperately,
proposed a hodgc podgc of new ideas with
little continuity or purpose, thought up
only for the sake of something new in their
arthritic campaign. The result this year
is a race that makes Cox’ campaign in
1020 against Harding, look exciting in com—
parison. If there arc no issues, no real rea-
sons why the Republicans should be turned
out of office, there is no reason why Steven—
son should be elected. Stevenson may be
a brilliant thinker, and a clever quipstei'.
However, Stevenson has done little for his
party, he is not a statesman. he has little
practical knowledge of what is going on,
and it is doubtful if he is Presidential ma—
terial. Maybe, the Missouri maestro knew
what he was talking about. after all.

Eisenhower

Dwight D.

  

    

Jocol: K. Javits

- Then Vote

The first voter takes immense pride in
the fact that he is an “independent.” There
seems to be something extraordinarily
brave connected with being able to say, “I
crossed party lines.” The first voter ignores
the fact that our country is great primarily
because of our two party system, and that
active support of parties is necessary to
continuing good government. Connected
with this problem is the issue of Nixon, evi-
dently a dirty word in the American
lexicon.

We could point out that all the “liberal
Republican” yaking for the past twenty
years did little to change the fundamental
character of the Republican Party, that it
is only Eisenhower, moving slowly and
practically that has reduced the demagogic
fringe. We could point out this was done
where it should have been done, within the
party. That as Ike has taken a firm com—
mand of the country, he has likewise taken
a firm command of the party, rebuilt it,
united opposing elements, and produced a
new and better Republican Party.

Nixon represents a considerable element
of the Party, and has the misfortune of
being the runningmate of an unattackable
candidate. Your own opinion of Nixon, pro
or con, probably has no basis, for the only
thing left out of this continual smearing
of Nixon has been the most important
thing, namely his record. It has not been
the best, but it has been certainly better
than Kefauver, and he has been a con—
scientious Vice President.

Speaking of Kefauver, no one is quite
sure what the good Senator represents, who
is behind him, who was ever behind him.
or what he has ever done constructively.
He might be one of the many evil effects
of television that we hear so much about.
Anyway his record makes Nixon‘s look like
a resume of proposals from the League 01'
Women Voters.

On the basis of the record then, we ad—
vise you to cast your vote for the Repub-
lican ticket. Eisenhower has represented
the majority of the people well. In today’s
era we need a damn good President.

It is fortunate for America that we have
one.

 

The State (‘ollcgo News Board
wishes to thank David Kcndig and
Frank Swiskcy who edited this page.

The stories and columns on this
page reflect only the viewpoints of
the page editors.

The Editor

 

Oerald Drug On.

217 Western Ave. Albany. N. Y.
l'hone 6—8610

 

Featuring A Complete Line of Your Favorite
SANDWICHES, SALADS, OMELETTES

DELICA’I‘ESSEN
ANI)

SANDWICH SHOP

and ASSORTED COLD CUTS

MAYFLOWER

209 Central Avenue

GOP Program

Proves Success

The rantings and ravings of one
Adlai Stevenson about the “do-
nothingism" of the present Republi-
can administration and its clouding
of the Hydrogen Bomb issue can
only make the American voter won-
der about this “presidential candi-
date.” Stevenson has one good point,
that is looking at the record.
Record of the Administration

The present Republican adminis-
tration capably headed by Dwight
Eisenhower and Richard Nixon, has
compiled an impressive record that
stand second to none.

)1 The end of the Korean fiasco
plus the fact that not a single Am—
erican soldier is in combat or will
be (i.e. Egypt).

2) Dignity and Integrity once
again reign in Washington, No
longer do the 5 percenters and
Pinkos predominate.

3) The greatest kind of prosper-
ity has been achieved for the Am-
erican people, Employment without
War!

4) The rampant threat of infla-
tion has been halted and the value
of the dollar has been stabilized.

5) Government spending has been
cut by 10 rnlllion dollars with a re-
sulting tax deduction of 100 dollars
per family.

6) Controls over wages, prices and
rent have gone the way of all so-
ciallstic practices in a democracy,
Kaput!

7) The free world has been bol—
stered against communism through
the successful efforts of John Foster
Dulles' brinkmanship and the finn-
ness displayed by the administra-
tion lie. The War that is not a War,
Egypt!).

8) The initiation of a program
dealing with the harnessing of the
atom for peaceful uses

9) The advancement of civil
rights for minority groups despite
the threats of such prominent dem-
ocrat “senators” as Hermann Tal-
madge.

These are but a few of the major
accomplishments of an administra-
tion dedicated to the people of the
United States. Even Stevenson can-
not deny that campaigncrs for both
sides have that healthy, prosperous
look that was missing in 1952.

The Hydrogen Bomb Issue

One of the most controversial is-
sues of the campaign has been the
“usage‘” of the hydrogen bomb and
its "control." Stevenson contends
that the United States should stop
making nuclear weapons and con-
centrate on peaceful uses. This is
a tremendous statement in propa-
ganda material but that is about
all. Everyone of us realizes that if
we ever for one second stopped
making or lost our lead in nuclear
Weapons we would all be taking a
course in Russian I as a requirement.
This attempt of Stevenson's to try
and make an issue out of some-
thing prevalent to common defense
is nothing but a baboon's attempt
for publicity.

The people of the United States
must and will elect President
Dwight D. Eisenhower and Richard
Nixon to If second term with a Re-
publican Congress to insure the
peace. prosperity and stability of the
United States.

 

You are cordially
invited to join

Lansing Bros.

China Club

Pay only the
nationally advertised
prices—NO extras

LANSING BROS.

59 State St. - 3-2012
open Thurs. till 9 p.111.

 

Castleton - Leno:
Franciscan - Rosenthal
Syracuse - Flintrlds‘e
Norltake - Aubert
Royal Doulton - Haviland
Royal Crown Derby

 

 

 

 

 

