FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 21.

 

PAGE 2 STATE COLLEGE NEws.
I
A Solution?
The key word here at State last year was apathy.

Everyone had a different solution to offer to clear up the
situation. One of the best solutions was the idea of unit-
ing the student body around a school project, something
toward which we could all work. This something is now
ours. We have a college camp to develop.

Student Association has spent $10,000 to purchase an
undeveloped area at Warrensburg, New York. A beginning
has been made at setting up a temporary campsite and
provisions have been made to accommodate people for
weekend work trips up to the camp. What we need now
are the people to push on a bit further.

The students who spent a week up at Dippikill Camp
in early September use such adjectives as “fun, beautiful
land and physical relaxation” to describe their visit. We
urge that all students give a weekend this fall to become
acquainted with their college camp. Progress can be made
only with your aid. There is a group going up today and
again next Friday. Make this decision for yourself. Don’t
wait for your roommate to make it for you.

Leadership, Co-operation . . .

The upperclassmen here at State have learned to asso-
ciate scholarship, democratic student government and a
friendly student body with the name New York State Col-
lege for Teachers at Albany. We pride ourselves with this
tradition and it is to this tradition that we welcome the
members of the Class of 1960. We ask you to join this
tradition and to help us to maintain the heritage of which
we are so proud.

We are first and foremost an institution of learning.
Graduates of State are well known for their professional
ability. Some of our graduates are listed in the directory
of the Education Department of the State, others are list-
ed as professors in the catalog of their alma mater. We
must live up to the scholastic standard they have set.

But not only in scholarship are we challenged but also
in extra-curricular activities. We feel distinguished by the
fact that our extra—curricular activities are entirely stu—
dent organized and directed. We have proven ourselves
capable of managing our own affairs.

This pace has been set by the graduates of our col-
lege. The upperclassmen are trying to keep up with this
pace and now we invite the Class of 1960 to join with us
in living up to this challenge.

Join With Pride . . .

Congratulations! Congratulations! We could write
this word down the rest of the column because there are
so many people who deserve credit for their successful
work and fine leadership. Many people have contributed
their time and energy to make this a very successful first
week at college. This year is certainly a great improve-
ment over last year at registration time.

Through very careful planning the registration pro-
cess was carried out very quickly and smoothly. Most stu-
dents were able to complete their registration in about one—
fourth the time spent last year. We the students thank
the administration and faculty for doing all the program—
ming and scheduling for us.

Secondly, we want to congratulate Marilyn De Santa
and Joseph Anderson and their staffs for the very pur—
poseful and exceptional work done at Freshman Camp.
All those who gave up their last weekend at home will cer-
tainly find reward in the smiling and happy faces of the
new freshmen whom they gave a chance to meet State on
this informal basis.

In coordination with the camps was the Junior Guides’
program which gave the freshmen their first non-academic
tie to State. This was the final link to be placed in the
chain of success which was founded on co-operation, hard
work and good leadership.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY 19i6

BY THE CLASS OF IDIB

First Place CSPA

 

Second l’liwe ACP

VOL, XLI September 21. 10:36 No. 14
thbern of the NEWS nlrlii row, In Il‘iif‘lil'ii i'lli'win'v' .imi \vi'llili"iiil\ from ’1 to
11 p in at 14-11320, Ext. 11. Phone.» Impatience Ll-illliill. Smith .. 0021, Yiiiuloii 21000513;

Schlotthouber 2-0012, Hwicrzowsk; :5 101111

The undergraduate lllw'ipitliil oi Ihe Niw
published every Friday oi the (Juneau: ,i-iii il‘, in;-
Association
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - -
THOMAS SMITH - - - - - -
KEITH YANDUH v - > v
MARY ANN SCHI.()'I"|‘HAllitiilt
JOYCE MEYEIIMANN - -
MAINE Di-ZT'I‘MEB - - - - - -
JOSEPH SZAIWK - ~ - - - - - -
JOHN ItElNElti-i —

Yoria hinti- College for 'l'ciichers:
NEWS “our! for the Student

(Io~Edltor~in-(liilet

- {lo-Editor-iIi-(Jhin!
l'uhlh- Itelutlonu liditor
iimlnens :‘idvertiillunr I'Itlitor
» ('lii-uiisiiun Editor
Associate Editor
- Associate Editor
Associate Feature Editor
WILLAIHI GILLE’I‘TE s’talI Photographer
All CUHlllILIiiCiitiUIlH should in: White-.50"! t0 the editor and “unit be signed. Names
w!" be withheld on request, The S'l’A’l‘E COLLEGE NEWS lizi‘aliiliil.) no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communicationa, no such expressions do not

necessarily reflect its Views.
.-
W‘

m

 

 

By ART PALAZZOLO

PALACE

Autumn Leaves with Joan Craw-
ford, Vera Miles. Lorne Greene and
Cliff Robertson. A psychological
melodrama concerning the plight of
a woman (Joan Crawford) who,
falling in love and marrying a
man (Cliff Robertson) many years
younger than she, discovers he is a
schizophrenic. The remainder of
the picture is devoted to his trea-
ment and subsequent recovery. This
should prove interesting fare for
all fresh now enrolled in Psych 1
courses. The best part of this pic-
ture is when Nat “Kink” Cole sings
“Autumn Leaves." Also showing is
He Laughed Last.
Frankie Laine and Lucy Marlow.
STRAND

Pillars of the Sky with Jeff Chan—
dler, Dorothy Malone and Ward
Bond. In Cinemascope and Tech-
nicolor. A western complete with
the tireless United States Cavalry.
The second feature The Queen of
Babylon with Rhonda Fleming and
Ricardo Montalban. If this pic-
ture corruupts history in the true
Hollywood fashion, it should be
good for a lot of laughs—if nothing
else.
DELAWARE

Secrets of the Reef. A documen-
ary on sea life. In Eastman Color.
Bring your aqua-lung for this one.
MADISON

Walk the Proud Land with Au-
die Murphy and Ann Bancroft. In
color. Also showing is Francis and
the Haunted House with Mickey
Rooney! From Andy Hardy to a wet
yes, and Francis tool Poor Mickey
Rooney! From Andy Hardy to wet
nurse to a mule. Oh well, anything
for the sake of money.
RITZ

The Rawhide Years with Tony
Curtis, Arthur Kennedy and Col-
leen Miller. A western in which
our great west is eclipsed by scen—
ery provided by Miss Miller. Also
showing is Edge of Hell.

6W

Dear Editor:

One of the most dictatorial poli-
cies ever seen at State College was
performed last night by our Student
Council. A motion providing that
one hour on the ﬁrst and third
Thursday of every month be set
aside for religious clubs to hold
their meetings, was defeated. No
provision was made to bring this
important issue before the student
body assembled.

I have always been one to adhere
to democratic principles of repre-
sentative government, but I feel
that in this instance Student Coun-
cil neglectch to put the interest of
the student body before their own
interests. I refer to the fact that
the Student Council did not feel
this issue warranted the opinions of
the entire student population. Have
you forgotten that this very same
issue was heatcdly discussed lost
your and caused it great many
opinions to be expressed which
otherwise might have been lost! If
it was controversial enough lost your
to warrant it vote of the assembled
representatives Iii greater number
than at present) why is it not fit for
discussion this year?

Last. year the plun was on it trial
basis and, in my opinion Wtil‘kt'tl
very siitisliictorily. in last year's
discussion I felt llillt the general
opinion rein-lied by the group was
that the system Would be ('(iiiillllli'tl
li it proved successful mid did not
in uliy wily hinder the operations of
other groups. Cun unyone tell me
in what way the plan failed? (Jain
you show me how it hindered gov-
ernment-ii! operations? Ciui you tell
me why the motion wus not tabled
illltl dismissed after the Student
Council lteprescntiitlvcs luid heard
the opinions oi their \‘ui‘ious groups
(hm you tell me why you voted in
the opposition this your when last
their

 

 

your your clusses showed
approval of the pill“.
Student Council may inive very

valid reasons for not improving the
plan, but i feel JiiSLliletl in asking
that a thorough UXlllltlliiLllill be
given to the rest of the Student
Body. i believe you, Student Coun—
cil, should examine your motives,
confer with your constituents uiid
then come to ii denioci'utic decision.

ibonlinicii lie (‘eeeo '57

A farce with ,

 

I'm new. LIKE ME!

 

Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage—Latin proverb.

Greetings to those of you familiar with the offerings from this
tripewriter of the Common Stator and a heartfelt welcome to the fresh—
men. Here‘e hoping the column will be enjoyed by both.

NEW ORIENTATION?

To enlighten the freshmen as to the college and its activities of last
year, the publication of the '56 yearbook has been graciously delayed.
It looks like none of us will ever be enlightened.

VERBAL BOUQUETS

Many of the above mentioned are due to the Junior Guides and
Fresh Camp stuff for a job well done. From all appearances Frosh
Camp was the most successful one in years.

SHADES 0F MACY’S AND GIMBEL’S

A far cry from our bargain basement of last year, our beautiful
new Co-Op has provided us with a most. grandiose setting for purchas-
ing everything from Mix—Masters to elegant State beanies.

UHF AND VHF

. Much to our surprise the State has exhibited mnazlng celerity in
transforming the nebulous venture of educational TV. to .i congratulu--
tion-worthy reality.

PIONEERS ()H I’IONEERS!

’Tis said that progress begets progress. The pioneering spirit is still
with us here at State as evidenced by library shelves being cleaned
of “Do It Yourself" books on sad side walls and roof tluitching. The
new "L" shaped building has proved a mirage to the now mosaic State
student. Does anyone need a tent-mate?

SUCH A MONICKER!

A free reserved parking space will be awarded to anyone who can
provide a. name more suitable than New Richardson Extension Annex
to our magnificent new edifice. Speaking of parking places . . .

SUCCESS

Good sport but nobody goes—sound familiar to anyone? Risking the
danger of sounding trite, does anyone want college credit for exerting a
little school spirit. School spirit?

To the previously uninformed, Soccer is a skilled and exciting game.
Could be that the phrase “this is primarily an academic college" has
struck fear into the hearts of the future pcdants attending this school?
Though Soccer may not bring State's name before the eyes of the
future students, it is public relations for the school,

The squad is made up of State College students whom we know
and with whom we attend classes every day. Couldn't we at least honor
them by watching them participate in something in which they cxccll?
If it is lack of knowledge of the sport, try it once and you will become
0 fun.

If you don't like the sport why pay student tax for it?

Incidentally State lltlS turned out four or more All-American
players in the post. few years. News to anyone?
l’Alt’l‘lNG WORDS

Remember you llt'tll'(l it. here first
giving vacation rolls around.

()iin sixty—sewn (luys ‘til ’l‘liiinks-

 

College Calendar

I‘ltlliAY. SEI'TI'ZMIHCIK 21
10:00 min. First C(iiii‘ticniJUii,

 

l’uge Hull.
SA’l‘l'ltth', Sl'll"l‘l'IlVllilil :32:

7:30 pm. All—(lollege ltecepiion begins with variety pi‘ogi'iun, l’nge Hall.
0:00 pm. All-College Reception llunce.

TUESDAY, SI'II’T‘I'IMBER 25

10:00 am ()l'lt‘liiiiillili Meeting lor Freshmen, l’iige Hull.

10:00 41 iii. Sophomore (Iliiss meeting.

10:00 am. Junior (floss meeting.

400 11.11]. l)i‘uin:iiics lill(l Art-s (.‘oinu'il plziy tryouts, lh'upii' :HS),

WEI)NICHI).’iI’. HI'JI'T‘ICMISI-llt :50
7:30 pm. llruniiities und Arls (Youncil pliiy tryouts, lh'ziper 1H0.

ly the most. difficult. for freshmen
’l‘liey ui'c Weeks of sinbilizutlou.
getting Used to u routine, llll(i of
meeting people so many people
that you cun"i begin to remember
their names or fuct-s. Don‘t be ini-
pressed; let personalities stuud for
themsechs. You are commencing
it new life here in. Shite. With oil
on an cquul footing, yoyu cam make
your new llic anything you wont.
why not make it the best? Sup—

To the class of lllfiil:

ll'reshmen Ciiiiip was highly suc-
cessful this year for three reasons:
(ll Marilyn De Santa and Joe An-
derson's planning and cooidiiiuting
ability, 12) good cooperation from
their stuffs, and :3) by iiil‘ the
strongest, reason, you, the freshman
class of this your. You encli con-
tributed with your willingness, your
vigor, and your friendliness. 11 you
curry on with the fine spirit that to

you huvo already shown. you will be
one of State’s top chum-s. Howev-
er . . . . you will NOT win ltlvulry!

These first few weeksk iii'c usuul-

port your cluss guui'diiius and help

make your cluss the best freslimun

class that, State hits ever seen.
David Youst "50.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 21.

1956

PAGE 3

 

Student Council:

Council Vetoes Ecclesiastic Motion;

Junior Class To Print Pedagogue

By MARIE

The first meeting of Student
Council got underway Wednesday
evening at 7:15 pm. in the gov-
ernment room at Brubacher Hall.
Committee reports were heard, and
then Council discussed the religious
club motion, organization of the
Inter~Collegiate Association, the
1956 Pedagogue. and established a
committee to review the new Stud-
ent Association Constitution.

After much heated debate by
both Council and non-council mem-
bers the motion to set aside an hour
from 7:30 to 8:30 pm. the second
and third Thursdays of each month
for the meeting of religious clubs
exclusively was defeated. Council
members also defeated a motion to
table the previous motion which
would have allowed the presidents

College Camp . . .

(Continued from Page 1. Column 1)

penter who has been employed by
the Camp Board. Construction is
now being started on an addition to
the house. It will be a large room
which can be used as a dinning hall
or recreation room. Heat will be
furnished by a. large stone ﬁreplace.
The basic foundation is being laid
by the carpenter, and it is hoped
that the room will be completed
with the use of student labor.It is
estimated that the addition will cost
approximately $3,000. This expense
is being paid by the Student Faculty
Association.

The Camp Board is sponsoring
trips up to the camp every weekend
starting today. Groups will leave
after classes on Friday and return
to Albany on Sunday. All students
are urged to take part in this all-
college project. Sign-up sheets are
located on bulletin boards through—
out school.

It has been decided to call the
camp the Dippikill Camp tempor-
arily since that is the name of the
lake, states Dean Hartley. John
Stefano ‘58. Chairman of the Camp
Board plans to hold an open camp
meeting which will enable all stu-
dents to express their views on the

further development of the urea
and the location oi' a permanent
campsite.

The work party that began con-
struction on the camp include:
Merlin Hathaway, Associate. Profes-
sor of Physiqu Education and Mrs.
Hathaway, Director of Brubucher;
Joseph (iiirelii, Assistant Professor
of Physical Education; Elizabeth
(iliiss, Assistant Professor of Educa-
tion; Dcnn Hartley; Robert Levy
'56; Joseph Anderson ‘57; Susim
Cloos and Willllllll Schwiigcr, Juli-
ioi's; Lucio linger, lluvid Chutn—
puunc, Peter Heningsoii. David
Lohrc, Charlotte Micrs, Micliuel
Saltzmiin mid William Spence.
Sophomores.

 

If you’re sad . . .
if you’re blue . . .

FROSH
TilE SNACK BAR
is the place
for you

 

 

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.
l'hone 6-8610

 

 

 

DETTMER

of the various religious organiza-
tions to be present at the next Stu-
dent Council meeting giving them
the opportunity to express their
points of view and the effects that
the motion had on their club at-
tendance last year.

Inter—Collegiate Association will
be composed of three Seniors, Jun-
iors, and Sophomores and one
freshman. Student Council shall
choose these members at their next
meeting.

It was approved imanimously by
Council to turn the publication of
the 1956 l’cdagogue over to the
Junior Class. Council also voted to
take a roll call vote on all main
motions so that each individual will
have the opportunity to check on
how his class representatives are
casting their votes.

One Myskania member and two
Student Council members will make
up a committee to act as a watch
dog over the working ability of the
constitution. They will also re-write
any part which proves to be un-
workable in the new government
situation.

Morton Hess '57 was appointed
to the Constitutional Review Coin-
mittee. Chairman of the State Col-
lege Review will be Sally Hurter '58
with Jane Cass '59 acting as see-
retary.

College Theatre
Sets Dates For
Play Tryouts

Tryouts for the State College
Theatre's forthcoming presentation
of "Dr. Knock" are scheduled to
be held Tuesday and Wednesday
announces Barbara. Hungerford '57,
President of the Dramatics and
Arts Council.

Interested persons are urged to
attend the tryouts which will be
held from 4 pm. to 6 pm. on Wed-
nesday and from 7:30 pm. to 11
pm. on Thursday in Draper 349.

Two dates are planned for the
actual presentation of the French
farce "Dr. Knock" written by Jules
Romain. These dates are November
2 and 3, according to Miss Hun-
gcrford.

Piiul Bruce Pettit, Associate
Professor of English, will di-
rect the play while James Lcoiuli‘d.
Assistant Professor of English, Will
be technical director. If you can-
not attend either of the tryouts
you may contact Dr. Pettit or Mr.
Leonard.

If you are not. interested in act-
ing, you may be interested in sign-
ing up for the crews on the dates
specified above for tryouts.

Each year the State College
Theatre presents both contemporary
and classical plays for the enjoy-
ment of State College Students.
Freshmen are especially invited to
tryout.

News Views:

Nasser Holds British Lion At Bay;
United Nations Seeks Suez Solution

By FRANK SWISKEY

The war clouds that once loomed
darkly over DeLessep's ditch have
faded away. This is true even
though Cairo muinbles threats of
war because of the West's proposed
canal users association.

"the reasons for a peaceful out-
come, despite the rattling of sabers
in a tinderbox such as Egypt are
as follows: iii Great Britain has
agreed to take the issue to the
Loin-d Nations Security Council if
prpt defies the canal users asso-
ll lion, rather than try to shoot
its way through the waterway.
1‘)» The United States has assured
Egypt it will not shoot its way
through the canal. 121 The United
States has informed both Great
Britain and France that it strongly
disapproves of military action to
licep the waterway open. The Unit-
ed States is favoring either action
by the United Nations or using the
Cape of Good Hope route around
Africa.

Two other factors play a major
role in keeping the dove of peace
iniployed. They are: ill The North
African conflict. which has already
cost 400,000 troops to be drained
from the French load of NATO with
no end in sight peacefully or other-
wise. '2! Great Britain may be ut—
tering warlike sounds but the di—
vided public opinion of Britain and
flu dissension in Parliament liiis
applied the brakes of caution to
Anthony Eden. The Cl‘iSlS is felt as
deeply us the day Hitler invaded

Poland but at that time there were
no conflicting views as to what
should be done.

These peaceful intentions can be
attributed to Secretary of State
John Foster Dulles and his col-
leagues. Although he is not loved
by the British. they admit that his
is one of the key figures who can
guide them through this quagmire
of international diplomacy.

The British know that their
shaky economy and their life blood
oil would suffer disastrous reper-
cussions should Nasser bar the
canal to British shipping or should
they use force to keep the canal
open. Everyone from Eden down to
local cub drivers in Picadilly Square
Hill see the essentials of this prob~
1cm. The threat of this “Johnny
some lately" named Nasser has
burned deeply into British pride.
Everyone from Queen to commoner
now fully realizes that the day of
British Gunboat diplomacy is over,
and that the roar of the British
lion is now nothing but the bleat
of a lamb trapped by a wolf.

The plan of action to be followed
Ly the big three if Nasser closes
down the facilities is appropriately
entitled "Operation Detour." This
would involve the building of super-
timkers. the reactivating of tank-
ers in mothballs and loans from the
L'nited States Export-Import Bank
to tide countries with shaky econo-
mics over the shock of readjust—
ment.

 

 

chickens

 

 t ),

  

cross the road

 

 

   
  

0..OOOOOOOOOCDO'OODOOOOOO0...... '0.GOOOOCOOOOOOODOCOIIOI.COO...

 

lie! An Klimt! 3‘. ill!”
Willi Body by lithe!

Well, sure. There are more (‘licvies on the road. More people buy ’e;n your after year. And this your, (‘lievrolet’s

the most popular or ngain-by a nuu'g'iii of more than 130,000 so far. . . . Must be the best one to buy, for sure!

 

'Ilco million more people own CVMI‘I'O/(‘IS

 
 

See Your Authorized Chevrolet Dealer

 

