 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

From The Editor’s Desk:

Tried-J: Found Wanting Help Yoursell . . .

With only one week left in which we will
be able to express our opinion in this cor-
ner, we would like to review this past se-
mester as far as government is concerned.
Because of unavoidable circumstances, Page
Hall having been denied us, we adopted
a form of representative government as an
emergency measure to replace assemblies

for the semester.

This has been a very controversial, great-
ly-debated point for many years and this
was the first time the non-traditionalists
have had a chance to experience their long-

sought-after goal.

Those who have been crusading for it
have either been people too lazy to come to
an Assembly, take an interest in student
government and the way their money is
spent, and assume some of the responsi-
bility that is theirs as members of Student
Association; or those people who are power-
hungry and wish the power to be concen-
trated in the hands of a few, namely them-

selves.

Since the legislature has taken over and
approximately eighty people are in com-
plete control, student interest and activity
in government has decreased and apathy
has grown by leaps and bounds. The people
who did attend meetings of the legislature
at first felt so helpless not being able to
vote and make motions, etc.,
aged, they stopped coming. Even the repre-
sentatives seem to have lost interest during
the past few weeks, as evidenced by the last
assemblies in which financial motions were
pushed through without questions or dis-

cussion.

How many times have you upperclassmen
wished you could have your vote back or
the right to make and amend motions?

This past semester should be enough to
convince the “doubting Thomases” of the
superiority of the Assembly and cause the

supporters of Assemblies to

more firmly entrenched in their convictions.
When the motion for the continuance of
the legislature arises again next semester—
Don‘t throw your vote away
A.J.C.

defeat it!
again! !

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 6. 1056

sion. In most
make enough

able to make

that discour-

salaries.

become even

In his speech to the legislature recently,
Governor Harriman named as two main-
stays of his program aid to youth and edu-
cation. The Governor advocated a raise in
teachers’ salaries which would raise the
current minimum in New York State from
$2700 to $3500. This problem of teachers’
salaries, in recent years, has become a ma-
jor crisis. A passing glance at the mortality
rate in the teaching profession is enough
to bear out this argument. A safe estimate
would be that about fifty percent of those
people educated in teacher training insti-
tutions abandon the teaching career after
five years or else never pursue this profes-

cases the solution is rather

obvious—the teacher feels that he cannot

money in his profession. In

the fields of business and industry he is

an annual income ranging

anywhere from $1000 to $1500 more than
he could make teaching.

The Ford foundation recently brought
the problem to the national scene by send-
ing out inquiries to various colleges. One of
the big questions asked concerned faculty
salaries. Of the 615 colleges and universities
which received grants from this Founda-
tion, many of them were concerned with
making suitable adjustments on faculty
salaries ranging from $100 annually up-
ward. Even these grants spread themselves
mighty thin. A recent report in Time maga-
zine stated that the college professor in
1954 was at least “20% behind his purchas-
ing power in 1939." The record birth rate of
1944 will soon demonstrate its effects by
flooding the junior high and high schools
with record enrollments. In the next five
years the need for teachers will be so acute,
there will have to be upward revisions of

The other day a remark was made by a
high school teacher which was passed on
to us. He suggested that the students at
State form a lobby and petition the State
legislature. The problem of teachers’ sal-
aries has been before the people many
times, but the real task, as we see it, is
keeping it before them.

T.H.S.

---K611ddl(afzeM---

Comedy at Palace

The Lieutenant Wore Skirts is one
of those situation comedies. this
time about a man who tries to get
his wife out of the air force. It stars
Tom Ewell as the husband and
Sheree North as the wife in uni-
form. Watch Sheree hula in a
tablecloth. You'll laugh—~you'll cry——
and then you‘ll go home on the bus.
Tracy in Double Bill at Grand

Spencer Tracy stars in an adven-
ture with Van Johnson and Robert
Mitchum. The movie is Thirty Sec-
onds Over Tokyo. It should be tense
and bloody. At the same theatre,
and at the same time, we see Tracy

By JOHN REINERS

in still another movie, A Guy Nam-
ed Joe, with Irene Dunn and Van
Johnson again. This is a romantic
sort of comedy that should be quite
comfortable.
Battle

The Second Greatest Sex. with
Jeanne Crain, a starlet who grew.
is one of those sexes works that al-
ways ends so democratically after
all. It‘s at the Strand and if you go,
don‘t expect too much. Better bring
an alarm clock along.
lie Really Gets Around

Liberace. the boy with the wink.
has moved up to the Madison with
Sincerely Yours and we've reviewed

 

 

First Place CSPA
VOL. XL

January 6, 1956

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY IQIG

IV THE CLASS OF 1913

First Place ACP
No. 25

Members of the NEWS staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday Iroin 7 to
ll pm. at 2-3826, Ext. 11. Phones: Cochriinc. 11-76110, Swierzowski, 11-01143; Ooidstein,

2-2012; Knndls, 5-0021.

The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College your by the NEWS Board for the Student

Association.

AILIIN COOIIIANI - - -
ESTHER GOLDHTEIN - - -
DAVII) KENDIG - - -

MARY ANN SCIIMJT’I‘IIAUIIER

JOYCE MEYERMAN - -
IAWIA LAWIINOI - ~ -
IIOIAID SAUII - - - -
THOMAS SMITH - - v -
JOIIN REINI‘ZRH ‘ - - - - -
JOIIPII BWIIIZOWBKI - - -
DOROTHY RAHMUSSEN -

JOIN INA?! - -

- Iditor-in-Ohio!
- (.‘o-l‘ubilc Relations Editor

- - ~ (lo-l'ublio Itelotions Editor
- Ituslncss-Advertising Editor

- Circulation Editor

Associate Editor
Associate Editor

- - - Venture Editor
Associate Features I‘Ldltor
- -- Sports Editor
Senior Sports Editor

tits" Photographer

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Names
will be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility for
opinions expressed in in columns or communications. as such expressions do not

necessarily rsiioot its views.

W”

it before, but two warnings are bet-
ter than one.
Japanese Invade Delaware

A cultural invasion this time, more
successful than the last one. Gate
of "all, a Japanese import, is a
tremendous film.

 

Command

To The Common Staters—
'l‘inapp and Devine

Through our many years in these
"Hallowed Halls," and through the
many issues of the State College
News that have passed before our
eyes. this year's Common-Stator is
iiic best yet.

Please accept our hearty congrat-
ulations and our sincere wishes for
your continued success.

Two Grateful Grads
(l‘ustcr Quick
have Van Dyck

‘hamtnzm/

No one knew it was missing
until little signs began popping
up all over school asking “Did
you steal it?" A perplexed l're-
sldcnt received. via Student
Mail, a. mysterious envelope
containing bits of pictures
showing where the valuable item

was hidden and a note signed
“The Three Terrible ()m-s.“
Weeks of undercover scorching
failed to produce it. But the
night before classes were recess-
ed Ior the holidays. two alert
detectives spotted the stolen
goods on South Lake Ave. Itotli
of them managed to claim the
cherished possession and walk-
ed happily homo—the SLS ban-
ner had been found!

 

 

A suggestion for fare at a class banquet . . .

 

 

 

 

 

 

gamma-states

By TINAPP and DEVINE

   

“Tis a tale told by an idiot,
Full of sound and fury. signifying
ALL MEANS EVERY-ONE

The All College Revue is perking along, but with rather faint—hearted
publicity as far as tryouts go. With the coordinator uncoordinated
(sick, that is) and exams looming, enthusiasm is at a low ebb. But soon
the vacation stupor will evaporate and everyone will sign up to support
the production—won't you? The Revue Committee guarantees complete
mental and physical collapse to all ambitious Peds.

SHUCKS!

We emphatically hope that you notice the letter about us in the
editor‘s mailbox section. Naturally it is correct, but—there are those
who—lneedless to say they are in the minority) disagree. For you in
this small group, a happy notice:

The News Board will elect a new editor next week. So, this Sunday
attend the church of your choice and pray for a wise choice in order to
prevent such future ﬁascos as our "literary" endeavors. Personally, we
have complete faith and devotion to the present editor, Aileen, and we
intend to retire with her. Therefore—don't l‘nlSS our last blaze of glory
next weekli (To our two friends—your check is in the mail.)

PIPE DREAM

History was made over Christmas vacation in the celebrated, sinning
City of New York! One member of our distinguished faculty spent a gay
time tripping over some fantastic footlights at the season‘s hit musical.
“Damn Yankees." Rumor has it that Dr. Walter Kno~oops, it almost
slipped—has been seen in close company with that ravishing redhead.
Gwen Verdon!

WELL (1’?)

Beware the snake pit before Draper Halli ,Are they' transferring the
Washington Monument or burying Minerva? Hints from Student Council
indicate that we are exchanging students with China, and are saving on
carfare.

TUCKER T0 TOO’l‘ TONIGHT

Exotic presents will be given to all hardy pioneers who manage to
ﬁnd their way to the Shaker Ridge Country Club tonight. So why not
follow the simple directions given on page one and see if you, too. may
be the lucky recipient of one of these awards. All it takes is courage.
desire, a girl, a car, and—four dollars.

TIME CAPSULE

We‘d like once again, and for the last time, to speak our piece on
the college camp issue. From the very ﬁrst. we have wanted SA to buy
the camp at Warrensburg. but frankly, we're beginning to suspect that
maybe we were wrong. We would like to have a camp we could develop
ourselves—but we doubt if SA, at least the present one, would support
it. If the turnout at the hearings, the questions which exist in the minds
of so many, and the arguments which rage throughout school are any
indication of student interest, then we sincerely doubt its value. If a
camp—any camp—is to succeed. it will need much more support and
interest than has been shown to date. So. perhaps the logical thing to do
is to put the whole mess in a big box. store it in a dark corner and
label it “Appears Promptly At That Heroic Year-"wan be determined
through an intangible item known as student interest).

TENDER TRAP

Talk to me Harry Winston! Whisper sweet Tiffanies in my ear.
The dim corridors of State are aglow with the glittering rays from new
diamonds. Were you one of the lucky ones? If not girls—remember—
it’s LEAP YEAR!

nothing."

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY. JANUARY 6
10:00 am. Assembly. Page Hill] Discussion of College Camp.
Commerce Club Meeting, Draper 141.
10:00 pm. Wintcrlude, Shaker Ridge Country Club.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 7
6:15 pm. Junior Ciuss Banquet, Herbert‘s.
6:30 p.111. Senior Class Banquet, O'Connor's.
Sophomore Class Banquet, Jack‘s.
Freshman Class Banquet, Panctiu's.
SUNDAY. JANUARY it
2:00 pm. Jazz Concert. Alpha Pi Alpha House.
7:30 p.111. News lionrd Mcctlng, Publications Office, lli'nbachcr.
MONDAY. JANUARY 0
4:00 pm. l"lli‘llill Speaker, William ()‘Riciiy, lirubachcr.
7:30 |).lll. l“()i‘ll’ll Trip to stall- Schulc.
'l'l'I'JSllAY, JANUARY 10 THROUGH TUESDAY, JANUARY 17
0:00 u.m. Registration.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11
7:30 pm. Swimming (liub Meeting. llrubarhcr.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12
0u.ln.tolp.m. Voting Absentcc on College (lump lssuc, Lower Draper.

 

1'RII)AY. JANUARY iii
Voting Abscnu'c on Camp.

0 am. to 4 pin.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. JANUARY 6. 1956

 

PAGE 3

 

Dean Elaborates

On Current

Freshman Class,- Dispels Rumors

By OSCAR E. LANFORD, Dean of the College

What is wrong with the Fresh-
man Class? This question, phrased
not so bluntly, has been raised in
my presence several times this fall
by upperclassmen. To one who has
seen a good many classes go through
State College. the answer to the
question is easy. Nothing. The
question, and comments centering
around it, remind me of what used
to be an annual event at State Col-
lege. For years a certain faculty
member would rise at the October
faculty meeting to proclaim: "Mr.
President, something must be done
about our freshman classes. This is
the worst freshman class I have
ever seen.” Whether or not this
faculty member was entirely seri-
ous, I shall never know. However.
as I look back now it appears that
there has been no marked change
in the quality of the entering fresh-
men in so far as we can measure
these qualities.

As a matter of fact. complaints
about the present freshman class
have come, not from the faculty,
but from the upperclassmen. From
what I have heard, comments
about the present freshman class
seem to center around the fact that
they have shown a tendency to es-
tablish themselves on a firm aca-
demic basis before going overboard
on extra-curricular affairs. Few
serious minded people would argue
that this policy of putting first
things first is unwise; or that it
forbodes a decreased interest in
extra-curricular affairs at State
College. It is my feeling that stu-
dents who, in their freshman year,
carefully limit extra-curricular af-
fairs and spend their time on class
work instead will thereby find
themselves in a stronger academic
and extra-curricular position when
they become upperclassmen.

Before we leave the subject of
the freshman class, let me state
my opinion that the Class of '59 will
maintain, as upperclassmen and as
alumni, the high standards set for
it by preceding classes.

Thus. to you upperclassmen, I
wholly disagree with what seems to
be your estimate of the freshman
class. However, your concern with
the type of student entering State
College is well taken. Later, when
you are alumni, you will be judged
as individuals, partly in terms of
the reputation of the college from
which you graduated.

The reputation of the college
will, in turn, rest largely on the
quality of the students which the
college attracts. and retains. As an
alumnus, you will have an invest-
ment which it is up to you to pro-
tect—an investment in the then

"News" Board

Lists Promotions

At their last meeting the State
College News Board promoted the
following people on the Editorial
and Sports staffs, announces Aileen
Cochranc '56, Editor. Elected to the
position of Cub Reporter were
Kathleen Powers, Carole Hall, Su-
san Carmichael, Frank Vetosky,
Arthur Plotnik, Michael Salzmun,
freshmen. The Board elected the
following as Reporters: Richard
Coddington, Keith Yandoh. Juniors,
and Ann Ridlcy ’58.

Promoted to Sports Desk Editors
were Richard Powell ’57. Warren
Leib '58, Robert Kampf and Zach-
arie Clements. freshmen, states
Joseph Swicrmwski '57, Sports Edi-
tor.

The News Board includes the
following people: Esther Goldstein
'56, and David Kcndig '57, Co-Pubilc
Relations Editors; Mary Ann
Schlotthnubcr '57, Business-Adver-
lising Editor; Joyce Mcyermun ’58,
Circulation Editor; Marcia Law-
rence and Richard Saucr, Juniors,

Associate Editors; Thomas Smith
'57, Feature Editor; Swierzowski.
Dorothy Rasmussen '56, Senior

Sports Editor; and Miss Cochranc.

 

Gerald [bug (in.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

I’houe 6-8610

present status of the college. Your
investment cannot be protected un-
less you are informed and concern-
ed about the quality of students en-
tering State College.

How do you, the State College
student of today, stack up with
your contemporaries in other Am-
erican colleges? In terms of all the
facts and figures available, you
compare very favorably. Due to
space limitations I will give you
only a few of the figures. The Jun-
iors will remember taking part, last
year, in the National College Soph-
omore Testing Program. This same
test was taken by about 20,000
Sophémores in about 200 colleges
in America. On this achievement
text, the median score of our
Sophcmores on the English Section
of the test was higher than the
scores made by 78% of all the Soph-
omores in America who took the
test. On the General Culture Sec-
tion, the median State College score
was higher than 79% of all the
Sophomores in America who took
the test. On the Contemporary Af-
fairs Section, the median State
College score was higher than 71%
of all the Sophomores who took the
test.

Incidentally. the last time State
College participated in this na-
tional Testing Program was in

(Confirmed on Page /,, Colman 5)

’Modemoiselle'
Plans College
Fiction Coniesf

Mademoiselle magazine is sponsor-
ing a College Fiction Contest, open
to any woman undergraduate under
twenty-six years of age who is regu-
larly enrolled in a degree-granting
college.

The stories should run from ap-
proximately 2,500 to 5,000 words, and
each contestant may submit as
many entries as she likes. Stories
that have previously appeared in
undergraduate publications are ac-
ceptable if they have not been pub-
lished elsewhere.

All entries must be typewritten,
double-spaced, and on one side of
the page only. Stories must be
clearly marked with the contestant's
name, age. home address, school ad-
dress, and school year. A manu-
script-size Manila envelope, self-ad-
dress. and school year. All stories
that are submitted must be original
and fictitious.

The two winners will receive $500
each for the serial rights to their
stories and publication in Mademoi-
selle. The results of the contest will
be announced in the August 1956 is-
sue.

Entries should be submitted to the
College Fiction Contest, Mademoi-
selle, 575 Madison Avenue, New York
22, New York, and must be postmak-
ed no later than midnight March 15.

 

ans 0n ‘7/te Hide

By HELENE GOLDA '55

On Tuesday evening, December
13. the Dramatics and Art Affili-
ates and the Class in Oral Inter—
pretation, under the direction of
Miss Agnes E. Futterer, Professor
of English (theatre), presented their
filial evening of Readings from Lit-
erature for this semester. As in last
year's special Christmas program,
the readings presented were in
keeping with the spirit of the
Christmas season. Chairman of the
program was Carol Allen '57. who
very effectively set a tone of the
feeling of Christmas in her short
introduction of the readers.

The program opened very appro-
priately with the presentation of
the Story of the Nativity from
Saint Mark and Saint Luke, as read
by Fritz Crumb. He made good use
of his voice and presented the nar-
rative with continuity and sensitiv—
ity. However, at times his tempo
became too rapid, causing lack of
expression and loss of the story
telling touch. Also, the reading suf-
fered generally from over-serious—
ness. The Story of the Nativity is,
after all, a joyous one.

Marjorie Jelley ’57, next present-
ed a fine interpretation of “The
Juggler of Notre Dame" by Anatole
France. Her definition and develop—
ment of the character of the simple
juggler was masterfully done, but
the minor characters tended to suf-
fer slightly in treatment as a result.
However, best use of the right
amount of appropriate and pur-
poseful gesture and of expression
via the voice kept the narrative
alive. and contributed, along with
the character of the juggler, to the
impact of the moving end.

The third reader of the evening
was Joyce Shelton ’56, who present-
ed “The Story of the Goblin Who
Stole a Sexton" by Charles Dick—
ens. She made wonderful use of
provocative facial expressions and
of a variety of voice qualities to
point up the humor in this charm-
ing story and to establish the char-
acter of the goblin. who was per—
fectly consistent. In contrast, more
could have been done with the sex-
ton. who never quite came as vivid—
ly to life. The progression of events
were gcncruily well-handled, but a
sustained comic toucii was lost
due to luck of attention to over-all

tempo, especially in transitions.

Next Vivian DeNatale '57, offered
Antoine DeSaint Exupery’s story,
“The Little Prince." As in the two
previous readings, a successful in-
terpretation of one character was
accomplished. The reader's voice
and manner seemed especially
suited to the presentation of the
conflicting elements of age. wis-
dom. youth, and innocence in the
character of the Little Prince. The
American pilot was also generally
well-done. but tended to lose his
characterization when speaking as
narrator. Miss DeNatale's own real-
ization of the meaning of her se-
lection contributed greatly to the
effectiveness with which its mes-
sage came across to the audience.

It was time for a little humor
again, and Con Regan ’56. provid-
ed it with his reading of Robert
Benchlcy's “An Old Fashioned
Christmas." He maintained a good
over-all tempo and made the most
of the dead-pan asides and hilari-
ous situations in the typical Bench-
ley narrative. The reading was
weakened, however. because of a
lack of restraint, on the one hand,
and emphasis, on the other. Re-
gan worked too hard generally
throughout, and, as a result, the
selection became a little disconnect-
ed and tiring.

A fitting close was provided to
the evening's' entertainment by
Charles Bostick's ’56. interpretation
of an Interlude from Murder in
the Cathedral bv T. S. Eliot. He
gave the farewell sermon of the
martyr. Thomas a Becket, a quiet,
expository treatment, which, how-
ever, showed great conviction and
also achieved an effect of spon-
taneity. A more sustained direct
personal contact with the audience
would perhaps have improved the
reading; the reader. in the inter-
pretation of his character, tended
to retire too much within himself.

It is indeed a pity and unfair
to the performers as well. who
spcnt. many hours in preparation,
that this fine program was not en-
joyed by more people. Perhaps some
of you who have never attended one
of these evenings do not realize
what you luiv been missing. Why
not attend next semester's series
and find out?

 

The SNACK BAR Caters

to the

Common Man

Student Council:

Council Recommends Defeat

Oi Warrensburg Camp By 5A

By ELIZABETH STAPLETON

Several member's faces were miss-
ing at the Student Council meeting
this Wednesday night, as Robert
laetscha '56, presided over the meet-
ing.

Clyde Payne ’57, reporting for
Class Board of Finance, brought
three motions to Council for their
approval. They were as follows: (1)
All class money must be spent
through the class treasurer or their
respective petty cash funds; (2) All
income must be deposited in the

I asset, as]

Ediwin P. Atkins, Director of Edu-
cation, Joseph Leese, Professor of
Education, and Russel Blythe, Su-
pervisor in the Milne School, and
presently on leave with the State
Education Department, were on the
program at the Conference of
Higher Education held last week
at New York University.

The following members of the
staff attended the annual meeting
of the Association of Secondary
School Superintendents in Syra-
cuse, December 11-13: Donald Don-
iey, Associate Professor of Educa-
tion, Robert Lorette, Associate Pro-
fessor of Education, Elmer Mat-
thews, Associate Professor and Di-
rector of Placement, Dr. Edward
Sabol, Co-ordinator of Field Serv-
ices, Dr. Allen Rosebrock, Associate
Professor of Education, Dr. Theo-
dore Fossieck, Principal of Milne,
Dr. Robert Frederick, Professor of
Education, Kermeth Frasure, Pro-
fessor of Education, and Dr. Muar-
itz Johnson. Associate Professor of
Education. Frasurc, Frederick, and
Fossieck were on the conference
program, and Johnson was chair-
man of the State College Alumni
dinner held at the Hotel Syracuse
on the 11th.

Dr. M. E. Grenander, Associate
Professor of English, read a paper
on “The Platonism of Walt Whit-
man and T. S. Eliot." at the na-
tional meeting of the Modern Lan-
guage Association in Chicago, De-
cember 27-29, at the Palmer House
Her paper was part of the Ameri-
can Literature program celebrating
the centennial of Whitman’s
Leaves of Grass, under the chair-
manship of Professor Gay Wilson
Allen, NYU.

Dr. Vivian Hopkins, Professor of
English, is a member of the Noni-
inating Committee for the Ameri-
can Literature section.

Reno s. Knouse, Professor of
Merchandising, was a speaker on
the Distributive Education Conven-
tion in Atlantic City, December 8.
The title of his talk was, “What
New York State Is Doing to De-
velop Better Instructional Activities
and Materials in Distributive Edu-
cation."

 

Religious Club Plans
St. Andrew’s Service

Canterbury Club has its calendar
full this weekend, according to
Joan Van Dusen '57. President.
This evening at 8 pm. there will
be a Feast of the Light service at
St. Andrew's Church. Tomorrow at
10 am. the Constitutional Review
Meeting will be conducted. This
Sunday at 7:30 p.111. St. Andrew's
Church will be the location for a
meeting. An evening prayer will
begin the meeting. with a talk by
Canon Williams to conclude.

class treasury, except the money
collected for the class banquets; and
(3) Each class treasurer must sub-
mit a report of any income to the
Class Board of Finance auditor and
he in turn must notify the class
treasurers of any class income re-
ceived by the college business office.
These three motions were voted on
and passed.

The assembly this Friday will be
held in Page Hall with the first part
a legislative meeting. A ﬁnancial
motion for the NEWS will be the
ﬁrst order of business and the rest of
the meeting will be devoted to dis-
cussion of the camp issue.

In their next meeting Student
Council will elect a chairman for the
second semester book exchange and
also a new member to the Finance
Committee. Constitution R e v 1e w
Committee and two Freshmen to the
A11 College Revue Committee.

Jean Hageny '56, submitted two
tentative sets of dates for our possi-
ble exchange with the University of
Conneticut. Student Council voted
to have the seventh through the
eleventh of March as our first choice
and the fourteenth through the
eighteenth of March as our second
choice for dates of exchange. State
hopes to send ﬁve students as we
have done in previous years. Next
week Council will decide on the
procedure to be used in choosing
this year‘s delegates.

The Student - Faculty Committee
met just before the Christmas va-
cation with Campus Commission,
stated John Stefano '58. Members
of the committee met with President
Collins and he stated that he felt
maintenance of the Commons and
the Cafeteria shoud be shared joint-
ly by the school and the students.
but Draper Lounge should be fi-
nanced solely by the students. Presi-
dent Collins also stated that smok-
ing could be permitted in some of
the halls if publicity was furnished.

Payne brought out the fact that
the $300 left by the Class of 1954 for
improvement of the cafeteria is still
in the student Faculty Fund.

Voting on the College Camp issue
will be held next Thursday and Fri-
day. The ballot will provide a yes
or no vote for the Warrensburg site
and a separate section for the stu-
dent ta check his reason if he has
cast a no voe. Further information
may be found on page four of this
issue.

Miss Hageny moved that Student
Council recommend to SA. to vote
in favor of the Warrensburg camp.
This was seconded and defeated 10-
6. John Yag‘er ’59, then moved that
Council recommend voting against
the camp. This was seconded and
passed 10-6. Both motions were fol-
lowed by heated discussion on both
sides.

Rille Club Will Meet
To Practice Shooting

Rifle Club will hold an important
meeting Wednesday at 7:30 pm. in
Brubacher, announces Willard
Monsell ’56, President.

The pLu‘pose of the meeting is to
go over the range regulations and
have dry-fire practice. No one will
be able to shoot at the Army Re-
serve Building until he has com-
pleted this practice. The establish-
ment of an active shooting and
training program depends on this
meeting and participants’ knowl-
edge of range regulations. The Rifle
Club also plans to engage in the
National Rifle Association‘s Postal
Matches during this coming sea-
son.

 

75 State Street

 

ART KAPNER

"YOUR STATE INSURANCE MAN”
ALL TYPES of lNSURANCE

5-1471

Albany, N. Y.

 

 

 

