 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Elena: ls Waste  . .

Long ago and far away at a time which none of us
can remember there existed at State a dramatic produc-
tion called the Big Four. Its purpose was to unite the
dramatic talent of all classes. At this time the only tan-
gible remembrance we have of this production is a fund
of approximately seven hundred and fifty dollars.

Each year this fund is entrusted to the Vice-President
of Student Association. Last year money was taken from
this fund to buy roving microphones for convocation meet-
ings in Page Hall. The fund will come up for discussion
Wednesday night at Student Council in order to discover
a possible use for the money. The question reads, “Should
we take action now to use the fund or shall we allow the
money to remain useless?”

We recommend that the fund be used to help produce
the State College Revue. Each year it is suggested that
we produce a Broadway musical but we are always held
back because we lack the funds for such a professional
show. Therefore each year we plead for original scripts.
In fact in today’s issue of the paper we have printed an-
other plea for an original script.

After all this stress and strain the committee accepts
a script, not necessarily a good script, but the best of those
submitted. From this we expect a director to produce a
good play. In doingethis we are overlooking a very im—
portant factor, that of giving the director a good script to
begin with, not one that he has to continually make com-
pensations for with the acting and staging.

By using a Broadway musical we could select a good
script to begin work with and also combine not only the
dramatic talent of the four classes but also the musical
abality and training of the Music Department.

Another factor to be considered is the fact that as the
tentative date for Parents’ Weekend now stands it will
coincide with the State College Revue. We want to show
our parents something which is on a college level, not a
mediocre performance which borders on a level with our
high school plays.

This editorial does not condemn our past State College
Revues but rather states that the more you have to work
with the better show you can produce. Let us not pro—
duce something merely for the sake of tradition but rather
something which can proudly be labelled our State College
Revue. Let this fund be used for the progress of our dram-
atic productions since the fund came from dramatic pro—
ductions.

All College Weekend . . .

Each year progress is shown in many ways, student
government, finances and social activities. Into the latter
category we place Homecoming Weekend. Last week we
celebrated the fourth annual one. When the weekend was
originated, events were held on a small scale. Last year
saw the addition of a small parade before the soccer game.
This year a much larger parade with l'loats prefaced the
home game.

For the success of this weekend we can thank the
chairman and her committee. In addition we can thank
the faculty l'or their cooperation, especially Dr. Stokes who
led the marching band. We. the students. were glad to see
members of the faculty at the game.

It was also good to cheer a winning team. Our soccer
team this year has not let us down. They fought hard and
have brought our college the prestige and recognition we
are looking for.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESIABLISHED MAY 1916

BY THE CLASS OF I918

 

First plum USP/t Second Place ACI’

VOL. Xl.l

Members of the NEWS stall may be reached Monday and chni-alay Iioni ’l to
II p in and ‘I‘uesday lI’Oiil 3 to 6 III“, at 2-3320. Iaxl 11 Phone.» inform“... 34,13“
Sciiloithnuber z—litilz. Kiiriipf 2-0870.

Notiiiibcr 'J. llioli No. 20

Your. Siiiie College for Teachers:

The undergraduate newspaper oi the New
NEWS lioiiiil Ior the Student

published every Irriday of the College [HA] 0; in.-
Association

MARCIA LAWRENCE

KI‘JI'I'II YANDOII — —- r
MARY ANN SCHl.O'I"I'IlAUIiIuIt -
JOYCE IIII'JYI‘JIMANN - -
MAB": I)I‘J’I"I'MEII

JOSEI‘II SZAIIEK ~
Au'l’llliu I‘LO'I'NIK - -

< - Eilitor-In—(Jiilef
Public Relation» Editor
Business Advertising Muliugur
Liiruluiiou Editor

Associqu Editor

Associate Editor

lieuturo Editor

uolih‘lt'i' KAMI'I“ - ' ‘ ' ' ‘~ - Sports Editor
Joggyu swumzowsﬂl - v — Lornultitiit sport» Editor
WILLARD (AILI.E'I"I‘I'L - - - h‘tuiI l'iiutogruphor

All Luililliliflliiiilluiio snould be addressed to the editor and must be signed. Nuiries
will he within-iii on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS unbllllih‘n no responsibility
1.}; opinions l'KlIIL‘hrii'il iIi its columns or Illlliiililﬂiltlutlmib, no :.in:ii expressions do not

We”

necessarily reflect ltb views.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2.

 

l— Kept/d KW

STRAND

The Ambassador's Daughter with
Olivia DeHavilland, John Forsythe,
Myrna Loy.
Edward Arnold. In CinemaScope
and Technicolor. A comedy set in
Gay Paree. The cast is good. If

you've got gambling blood in you, '

try this one for laughs. What’s the
difference if it’s schmaltzy? What's
the price of a couple of tickets to
a “flush” Statesman? The second

sensational feature is Run for the *

Sun with Richard Widmark, Trevor
Howard and Jane Greer. Filmed in
Superscope and Color. This picture
has a cast of thousands—of course
most of them are animals, but then
prices being what they are, wild
animals are so much cheaper to feed
than chorus girls. Me, I'll take the

chorus girls. Oh yes, it’s a jungle

picture.
PALACE

War and Peace with Audrey Hep-
burn, Henry Fonda and Mel Fer-
rar. In Technicolor and VistaVision.
Held over another week. The Czarist
ballrooms are still filled with whirl—
ing dancers and the retreating
French are still shivering. If you
haven't already seen this one, for
heaven's sake do so before Napoleon
dies of pneumonia!
DELAWARE

Romeo and Juliet. A ballet made
in Russia with Galina Ulanova.
billed as the “World's Greatest
Ballerina." It was filmed in the
Bolshoi Theater of Moscow with
the Corps de Ballet. It won the
Grande Prix at the Cannes Film
Festival. The music is by Serge
Prokofiev.
LELAND

’lhe Man Is Armed with Dane
Clark and May Wynn. A mystery.
I’ll bet you dollars to doughnuts
Dane is wearing a trench coat with
the collar turned up. He does in
every movie! Also showing is
Scandal, Inc. with Robert Hutton.
It’s an expose of the scandal mag-
azines—and brother I couldn't care
less!

Comm

To the Editor:
Re: Art Plotnik's column
on October 26.

I read your marvelous article on
"Animalistic Attributes Associated
with Mathematics Major-cttcs” and
I must say that I can not agree
with you. You see. I am a lemme
fatale, and also :1 Mathematics ma-
jor. I will agree that seine of those
animals you described do lurk in
the corridors of State. but they are
definitely in the minority.

Using myself as a statistical sam—
ple I would like to correct your par-
simonious column. parsiiiiionious in
the fact that you do not attribute
too many fine. qualities to the fe—
male mathematics niiijor. But back
to fiiiidziiiicntiil concepts: it seems
that you are under the illusion that
we have long cars If my calculus-
tions are right. we don‘t. I do agree
that. we might kick up at anything
We hear but you'll have lo prove 1.,
first. As l'or il twelve pound note-
book, how can anyone so dainty be
expected to carry one? And I'll havi-
you know we learned how to apply
dimples long before We own heard
of division signs.

Your assumptions led you to one
conclusion: "If the admittedly few
women who fall under the exact
iypc Would ieiid a little ii‘rcud or
Kinsey. they may realm: that there
are other things in life besides
math." Don't you think we know if?

All hi i'un.
Gertrude

 

 

Wilder ’57

Forum Announces
Election Poll Resulis

The results oi' the poll to dctei'~
mine the political preferences of
the student body conducted by the
Forum Board of Politics have been

tabulated, states Leo DcNike '59,
Acting Chairman.
Eisenhower received 231 votes,

.Iitvits 101, Stevenson ill, and War;-
ner 145. Hoopcs and l“l'ill(lillitil. the
Socialist candidates for President.
and Vice-President, and Norman
'i‘hoinus, candidate for State Sen—
iitor, each received one vote.

Television coverage of" the election
will be held 'l‘uesday lii Siiylcs gym
for men only until 2 run.

Adolph Menjou and ;

1956

 

I am a “Yellowjacket” . . .

 

  
   

V

Gammon- Slol‘u 

By PAGIDAS and McEVOY

     

The clash of opinion brings sparks of light. iFreiich proverb)
NASTY NASTY

In NYSCT there are about 2,000 students, 1,900 are interested in
what goes on in the school but not to the extent of actively participating.
There are 100 who are interested and show their interests in many ways.
There are even some fanatics. The reasons behind the actions of the
100 very often never reach the 1.900. Then too, how much of an at-
tempt is made to exchange these ideas?

Unfortunately for a few intransigents this column is written by two
representatives of the 1,900. It does not parrot the philosophy of the
select few. It forces the select few to bring into the open, prevoiusly
cloudy or completely unknown actions.

Rather than say we are uninformed, say we are not on the "in";
rather than say we are consistently poor, say we are constantly agitating.

We need no defense against vulgar slander and impulsively written
attacks. The majority have appreciated a. column written by some of
their own. In forcing issues out in the. open and in reminding the top
echelon that the commoner still exists. we have not done wrong.

The distorted‘ perspective of the fanatic ﬁnds us quite annoying.
He who has broken every standard of the school ﬁnds fault with the
common student. For those who look for humor—how about certain
letters to the editor?

UNANIMOUS—ONE MAN'S OPINION

Concerning one man's defense of the system of exchange students
to other colleges. you offered to tell the State students what you saw
there, but how many listened? You wrote concerning the same issue in
the paper but how many read it? What good came of it?

There was no "bare faced prevarication" when we said it was our
opinion that the exchange was worthless. Your defense is poorer than
the opinion of a student who went on the exchange to Buffalo State
in 1955.

TRICK OR TREAT

Hospitality is rampant with Student Union Board. The Halloween
display is attractive. We imagine that students from other colleges will
be most impressed by the al'oi'eii'icntioiicd display. Too bad they can't
come to our dances. Don't scream, "uninformed liistigiitoi's." We still
don't know the reasons behind Student Union Board‘s ruling, barring
i‘iiacconipanicd outsiders from our dances.

SHADES ()I" Till-I IVY LEAGUE

Saturday‘s soccer game and band defy description. The parade was
another brighl spot of the afternoon. It was gi'iililll’iiig to see a stadium
packed with alive people.

Many thanks to the band for an eke-client job.
was infectious.
'I‘IIOIFGII’I‘ ()II‘ THE WEEK

Maybe tlici‘i' Hlllililtl be ii larger lli‘cpi'ooicd State (‘ollege NeWs mail
box for the use of iriilc lctlci' writers.

The spirit created

 

College Calendar

 

NOVEMBER :5
Hilllll'l'i (.toiitoi-alioii iciilui'iiig llie Rivalry Sing, Page “21”
Coiiiinerci- Club ilulloiiceii Paii'ly for (.‘oiiiinci'ce Majors,
Iirubaclicr.

Stale College 'l'hcali‘c presentation of "l)l‘

FRIDAY,
ll):()ii ii.iil.
0:00 pin
ilzill) pim. Knock," Page liall.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER ii

10:00 11.Ill. Hit‘llll')’ ilaiiner llunt. College Ciliiililin.

0:00 pm. l’oilei‘ Club liiiiioiicl. ()ii'clc inn.

0:30 pm. State College 'I‘Iicati'c pi'csMiL-ulioii of "Dr. Knock," Page Hull.

NOVEMBER 4
Madison llousi-
Avenue.

Sigma Phi Sigma Faculty 'i‘cu. 040 Washington Avenue.
Potter Club Open House for Statesinen, 4H) State Street.
Newman Club Dinner, ‘l‘cii Eyck Hotel.

'I‘i'iiiily Methodist FolioWship Dinner for Cunwi'biiry Club
Meiiibci's, Trinity Methodist Church.

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER ii
7:00 pm. Senior Class Meeting. Brubiichcr lliill.
7:15 pm. ii‘resiiiiiiiii Election Rally, Brubiiclier (lame. Room.

THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 8

7:30 pm. Interiiatioiiiil Film (iroup presentation of
Culiguri," Draper 349.

lied Cross Activuies Council
Lounge.

SUNDAY.

:Hlo pm. Open lloiisc lor Statcsnicii, 727 Madison

3 :00 pin.
3 :00 pm.

0:00 pm.
0:00 pm.

"Cabinet of In.

7:30 pin. Reception, lirubachcr Upper

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2. 1956

PAGE 3

 

Plague Attacks 3
Campus Night C

By WILLIAM

Heavy eyelids, and feet shuffling
hurriedly to and from Draper are
common to all statesmen. Freshmen
and Sophomores at State, however,
have a unique quality of their own.
Worried faces, lips moving in
soundless speech, and freshmen
scurrying at the sound of approach-
ing Sophs (who in turn constantly
scan the area for beaniless fresh-
men) are all signs of this distin-
guishing characteristic which is
properly called “rivalryitis.”

Oddly enough. the cause of rival-
ryitis is a State tradition known as
Rivalry. This tradition consists of
a friendly competition between the
freshmen and Sophomores in many
fields of endeavor. Clearly, there is
no indication which affects all those
who are actively involved in rivalry.
The above explanation does not dis-
close the underlying events which
are the direct causes for iivalryitis.
There is no mention made of the
feverish midnight activities. or the
strain of trying to discover the
other class' plans. Nor is there men-
tion of the soul who, after a diffi—
cult Friday night oi' "study," stag-
gers cheerfully across Dorm Field
on Saturday morning to cheer his
class in the quest for the cup.

The two classes become more and
more bedraggled looking as the
events continue. This bedraggled

Religious Clubs
Plan Activities

Dinners and discussions will high-
light the religious activities planned
for the coming week by the religious
clubs on campus.

Newman Club is sponsoring a din—
ner Sunday at 6 ]).ln. in the Ten
Eyck Hotel. This is in honor of the
former chaplain of the club, Father
Richard Dinneen. and Father Don-
ald Starks. the new chaplain. The
principal speaker of the. evening is
Father Delaney of St. John’s par-
ish in Schenectady. Tickets for the
dinner are $3.75, states General
Chairman of" the event, Lorraine
Kozlowski ’58.

Margaret Carr '58 announces that
the Westminster Student Fellow-
ship will meet Sunday :it the Madi-
son Avenue Presbyteriun Church.

Canterbury Club inembeis will be
dinner guests of Trinity Methodist
Fellowship Sunday at 0 pm. Trans—
portation will leave Pierce Hall iii.
5:45 [)JIII. After dinner they wi.l go
to the “Festival of Faith" ill Em-
:iniicl Baptist Church.

undry Students;
ures Rivalryitis

FRANKONIS

look is the most advanced stage of
rivalryitis with the next stage being
incurable. Suddenly, the events are
over, the points tabulated, and the
Rivalry Cup awarded. After recup-
erating from a severe case of rival-
ryitis, one discovers that in the
course of his malady, new and
stronger friendships were made, and
more than a cup was won. Then the
former victim of rivalryitis thinks.
"Well, I guess it was worth it."

 

l 4mm, 4(1an

During the past week two mem—
bers of the faculty were away fi'om
college as guest speakers. In the
next two weeks two other instruct-
ors will be absent for the same rea-
son.

Robert E. Thorstensen, Assistant
Professor of English, spoke at the
Central Zone New York State
Teachers Association in Syracuse on
October 26 on “What College, In-
dustry, and Technical Institutes Ex-
pect from English Preparation at
the High School Level." At the
same meeting. Randolph S. Gard-
ner, Professor of Mathematics, spoke
to the mathematics group on “What
Is Right With Our Mathematics
Program in New York State."

Benjamin Shen, Assistant Pro—
fessor of Physics. will address the
New England Section of the Amer—
ican Physical Society at the Uni-
versity of Connecticut tomorrow.
His subject is “Counter Investiga-
tion of the Second Maximum in the
Conrnic Ray Rossi Curve" and is the
rcsult of work done at Clark Uni-
versity. On November 16, Charles L.
Andrews, Professor of Physics. will
give a demonstration lecture in
“Microwave Optics" to the Sigma Xi
Club of the Triple Cities at Hiirpur
College.

Film Group Presents
Third Foreign Movie

The International Film Group
will present their third movie for
this semester Thursday at 7:30 pm,
according to Stephen Jacobson '59,
Chairman. The film, “Cabinet of
Dr. Ciiligari,“ will be shown in room
349 of Draper Hall, and admission
will be free upon presentation of
student tax cards.

The International Film Group
was established by a group of stu-
dents who wished to prescnl films
of the past to the student body.

 

 

IT’S FOR REAL!

 

 

by Chester Field

 

MEMORIES

She looked in the mirror to see
Was still the girl she used to
. . . Miss Sanitation ’53.

That Who the day they made

of sanitation—and sewers, too!

After a girl has been like me
. . . Miss Sanitation ’53.”

MORAL: Once you’ve known the

Smoke Chesterfield. Enjoy bi

more smoothly by Ami-Roy,

 

 

That was the day she reigned supreme.

“Life,” she sighed, “is never the same
After a girl has known real lame;

pleasure of ii real smoke, no pale ' \
substitute will do. Take your pleasure big!

flavor . . . big satisfaction. Packed

tho smoothest toning Imoko today!
Smoke for :29! . . . smoke Chesterfield!

if she
be

   
   

licr queen
K .

my , , ..
ﬁlo/“\E‘TTES

  

. ti.
m . mm: tenure to

real

  
    

u

g full

it’s

0 Much l Inn Tuboooo 00.

 

 

Sororities Hold
C oflee Hours,

Nome Pledges

Monday night, three of the soror-
ities of State College will hold cof-
fee hours. Two sororities have an-
nounced new pledges.

The women of Phi Delta sorority
will hold a coffee hour with the men
of Potter Club, Monday evening.

Committees for the coffee hour
include: Ann Arvantides, Refresh-
ments: Nancy Schneider, Arrange-
ments. Seniors; Carole Altic '59, En-
tertainment; Patricia Hall, Pre-
Cleanup; Bettye Sigety, Post-
Cleanup, Seniors.

The President of Phi Delta, Joan
Van Dusen '57. announces that Pat-
ricia Allein and Delores Havens,
Sophomores, have been pledged.

Kappa Delta will hold a coffee
hour for Alpha Pi Alpha Monday
night, states Elizabeth Stapleton,
Vice—President.

Kappa Delta
Fitzpatrick '59.

June Studley '51. President of
Gamma Kappa Phi sorority. reports
that Gamma Kappa Phi will offer
a coffee hour Monday at 8:30 pm.
for Kappa Beta fraternity,

Commerce Clubs Hold

Hallowe'en Festivities

A Commerce Club Hallowe'en
party will be held tonight at 8 p.111.
in Brubacher Hall, according to
Robert Biship ‘58. President of the
Commerce Club. The party will be
open to Commerce Majors only.

Delores Cowburn '57 is in charge
of entertainment for the occasion,
and Joan Peiiucci '60 heads the re-
freshments committee.

The event has been organized by
the Commerce Club in conjunction
with the Distributive Education
Club and Pi Omega Pi, which is the
national Commerce honorary soci-
cty.

has pledged Ellen

Student Council:

Council Elects lCA Delegates;
Accepts Local Firm A: Publisher

By LAURETTA McGUIRK

The main accomplishments of
Student Council on Wednesday eve-
ning were: the passing of a motion
as a recommendation of the Cen-
tralized Publications Committee and
the election of the delegates to the
Inter-Collegiate Association Confer-
ence to be held at Buffalo in No-
vember.

In an effort to minimize the total
printing costs of all organizations
included in Student Association
Budget, Council passed a motion by
which the remainder of this year’s
printing will be sent to one printer
—the Capital Press in Albany. This
ruling will be enforced by Student

Area Colleges
Aiiend Meeting

college students Thursday in Bru-
bacher Upper Lounge from 7:30 to
9 pm. All freshmen are encouraged
to attend.

A welcoming address will be given
by Thomas Gibson. Professor of
Safety and Health Education and
faculty advisor of the State College
unit of the Red Cross Activities
Council. A film entitled “1956 Re-
port” will follow. William Young '60
and two other area college students
will then lead a panel discussion on
the Chapter's services and the re-
sults of the recent area conference
at Syracuse.

Other colleges participating be-
sides State include St. Rose, Al-
bany Business College. Siena, A1-
bany Pharmacy, Albany Medical
Center's School of Nursing. Russell
Sage, Albany Training Center for
Practical Nursing, and Memorial
Hospital.

Margaret Carr ’57 is in charge of
refreshments.

The Red Cross Activities Council
will hold a reception for all area
Council through Student Board of
Finance, which will not recognize
any vouchers except those to be sent
to Capital. A motion to bring this
issue before Student Association
was defeated since Council is to
use the authority vested in it by
the student body.

The annual I.C.A. Conference will
be held this year at Buffalo State.
The purpose of this conference is
to coordinate the actions of the
various State Colleges. to discuss
problems. and to allow for an over-
all exchange of ideas. In past years
Albany State has contributed the
most and achieved the least at these
conferences. Many feel it is a waste
of time to even send delegates;
however. we are going to make a
filial effort to strengthen and ex-
tend the ideals of I.C.A. Student
Council chose the following dele-
gates: David Kendig '57, Mary
Bradley, Marilyn Leach, Juniors;
and Paul Erickson '59.

Council accepted the resignations
of David Kleinke ‘57, Camp Board.
and John Yager '59, Council.

Fraternity, Dormitory
Stage Open Houses

Sunday afternoon Madison House
and Potter Club will sponsor open
houses for statesmen from 3 to 5

.m.

For Madison House, located on 727
Madison Avenue, this occasion will
mark its first open house, states
Ruth Jebbett '58. Secretary of the
house. Potter Club. presided over by
Bernard Robbins '57, is located at
415 State Street. This event is be-
ing held in conjunction with the
organization’s twenty-fifth anniver-
sary.

 

STONES

 

.’7 y
i l
/

time In NOW To The Bil-UP

AND LET US SHOW YOU THE ASSORTMENT
FROM WHICH YOU CAN CHOOSE.

Prices Range from $20. to $40.

INCLUDE:

Have you seen the
University (Rings?

AMETHYST BLUE SAPPHIRE -
EMERALD ~ BLACK ONYX —
ULTRALITE — GARNET

For As Low As $5.00 Down and Four (4)
Weeks To Pay You Gan OWN
line Of Those Beautiful

Wnieemity (Rings

RED RUBY
BLUE SPINEL

 

 

 

