.-77....v~—v.m-——Wwammmumtsmoﬁmh§mx

PAGE 0

kw. v. rmmﬁsmtav

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 7. i956

 

 

News Views:

By ART PALAZZOLO

Syria Causes Near East Unrest;
Vital Area Becomes US Problem Swme prettvteacher - - - age;

the boy who could not wait to

By FRANK SWISKEY a man.” Shades of “Tea and Sym-

Syria, often called the “running and the Baghdad Pact, realize the Universel has Spent a fortune 0"
sore" of the middle east, is shaping danger of a communist controlled “Van‘s”? The “Ward”! Mme“
up :15 this,I ndeiiét “trouble spot” in the Syria. Sgnghfmlxgurg all: Eoungfﬁo Quake
eas ern e erranean area. There Turke would be 1 a - - 0X 0 we” 0w"
is a ray of hope in this ominous, death-like pincer grigpbgfvclaenmth: eve!" Esmer Wlulams (on dry Ian?
war clouded area—small, but it is Soviet Union on the north and throughout)’ George Nader (hes
there. Syria on the south. Iraq, with also on dry land 511.1% Esmer i8)

The element of hope for peace in dreams Of 3. consolidated Arab  {has on  land
thls area is based on two lines of world under the leadership of Iraq 0' u 8.5 Sig ty wet beh-lnd.the
thought, The ﬁrst is the fact that cannot afford to let Syria become a figs) :51” t {game "tum .me mm
Turkey and Iraq, prmwest and sov1et satellite if this dream is to ls 91 en 0. wchnlcolm tale of
highly aware of the communist be realized and to keep its precious juvemf’ dennquency and pretty
threat will not allow Syria to be- oil ﬁelds safe from marauding mache‘s‘
come a communist satellite. The guerillas from a soviet dominated MADISON
second line is based on the argu- Syria. Playing today and tomorrow is
ment that smce there is no com- The only course for Iraq and Tur- war and Peace With Andrey H913-
mon_ border between Syria and key would be to invade Syria to bumv M91 Ferrel? VistaViSiO“ and
Russm through which materials of protect there own interests and that €010? by TGCthmmV
war could ﬂow, Russia will not carry of Jordan, weakened by the loss of DELAWARE
out its volunteer threat, as was the its subsidy from Britain. If this Blithe. uv’norl There's h f
case in Korea. To understand the were to happen it would replace them Blr'itiggmt ' mo' - 01 Cv‘o
them more closely. me in the Middle East and ﬁll it about a fellow that 'oiiis the in:
Syria: Militarocracy! “’1‘” a be” 0f Pl'o'westem lands hnd gets ‘isself into [Jules of troubley
_The Syrian Army is the control- from Turkey to saud‘ Am)” I swear suv’nor! I ‘aven't laughed
lmg‘factor in Syrian governmental The vomme" Threat? as much since I seen the last Alec
affairs. Four times smcc 1949 the The threat of Russia to send vol- GUiImeSS Picture- The film's called
government has been changed unteers to preserve “Syrian Inde- Private’s Progress and it Stars
through coups', each time the pendence” can be summed up in one RiChal‘d AttenbOFOUgh. Dennis
nulitary was the deciding factor. word “Nonsense.” The hard cold Price. Jel'l‘y Thomas arid Ian Cal‘-

This time, the army, dominated by fact is that there is no common miChaEI (What a cast“. It’s in that
a group of pro-soviet officers, could border over which Russia could new blaCk and White process 1300-
ln effect place the country under send “volunteers” to stop an in- Don't miss is EUV'DOI‘!
Ithe contrglsof elfments who basical- vasion by Syria or Turkey. Even
y suppor ov1e policy in this area volunteers must have supplies to - '
tottilllﬁe qullest. In other words a fight with. car Overturns Klllms
sa e . ince the Syrian Army is The obstacle Course:
dependent upon the Soviet Union If m R . . State COHCSC Student
for the essentials that are needed their .golultllstsmns gladltodsuﬁ?”
. . . . eers” an
€32:12);eryégtei‘segllgtewgﬁldlfntthlat would encounter em]; Turkey  On Friday night, November 30,
. e l e Ira both of - - as the result of an automobile ac-
Russians have their way. The q’ wmcn are m the path ‘ ‘ ' ' '
Syrian Army has sold use” and of the routes to Syria. All the ad- Cider.“ m F0” Plam' M155 9910385
Syria into perpetual bondage vantages lie with the Arab nations, com” a “Fem?” Of Fort Plam'
The Hawks_ "a nd Turk - militarily and politically. If the New York was k’I‘ed'
I - 11 a By Ru sians choose to use the sea to Miss Coffin had college residence
raq fand Turkey, current strong- supply a volunteer force the British in Lake House. She was a passenger
metrlCho the near east have been and United States ﬂeets would in a car which skidded on an icy
ga' ing the course of events in blockade the Dardanelles. road and overturned. She suffered
yrla’carefully. Iraq, whose north- The use of such a force would a fractured skull, and death was
:13; 0,11% ﬁﬁlds are bordered by Syria be sulcide for Russia. It is now their instantaneous. The funeral was held
ur ey, a member of NATO move. Tuesday afternoon at Fort Plain.

pathy," Hollywood is at it again. w

Religious clubs are planning the
following activities for the coming

According to Jeannette Weinberg,
President. the Hillel Chanukah
Party will be Sunday at 6:30 pm. at
Congregation Ohav Sholom located
on Washington Avenue across from
State Teachers College. The Hillel
folk dancing group will exhibit
Israeli folk dancing. There will also
be a candle-lighting ceremony for
the lighting of the Chanukah can-
dles. Social dancing is to follow.
Traditional food of the holiday will
be served.

Lucille Schneider '58, Publicity
Chairman, states that today the
Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship
of State College will join with IVCF
groups from other area colleges for
Christmas carollllg ill Schenectady.
Cars will leave Pierce Hall at 6:00
pm. All studellts are invited to
participate.

Tomorrow evening there will be a
Christmas social for international
students of the Tri-city area in
Schenectady. Rev. Erend Mekeel of
the First Presbyterian Church,

(«paid KW lReligious Clubs Plan Activities,
Slate Speaker, Christmas Parties

Schenectady, will speak on “The
Meaning of Christmas.” For trans-
portation contact Stan Davie, Grad.

For its regular weekly meeting on
Thursday, the IVCF has scheduled
a service of Christmas worship and
meditation. Gene Arnold, Grad,
President, will speak on the topic,
“This Day a. Savior."

Reverend Joseph Lamanna, ar-
bitrator for strikes in New York
State. will speak on the toppic,
“Communism in Labor" at 7:30 pm.
on Thursday in the Main dining
room at Brubacher, states Bernice
O'Connor '57, president of Newman
Club. There will be a Christmas
party afterwards in the upper
lounge.

It was also stated that discussion
groups meet on Wednesday at 7:30
and 8:30 at school in D111. There
will no longer be any discussion
groups Oil Thursday.

Westminister Student Fellowship
will meet at the Madison Avenue.
Presbyterian Church at 8:00 pm.
Sunday, announces Margaret Carr
'58.

Life Publishes Picloriol ReporlL
On Hungarian Freedom Slruggle

The editors of Life magazine
have published this week a special
report in pictures of the Hungarian
struggle. Entitled “Hungary's Fight
for Freedom," this publication was
released to newsstands Tuesday at
50c a copy. It is a composition of
eyewitness accounts and on-the-
spot photographs, primarily from
the correspondents of Life's staff.

All profits from the report will
go to the International Rescue Com-
mittee, Inc, a private American
institution established to aid vic-
tims of political oppression. The
procurl'ing of funds for this organi-
zation is one purpose of the maga-
zine; it will also serve to acquaint

the American public with Hungary‘s
struggle and her need.

“Hungary's Fight for Freedom"
is composed, for the most part, of
the actual scenes of war in that
country; it also includes the reac-
tions of the rest of the world to the
revolt.

The book includes such pictures
as the release of Cardinal Mindzen-
ty, the destruction of Russian books
and pictures and the death of Com-
munist members of the Secret Po-
lice.

At Albany State, awarencss to
this problem is evident by the peti-
tion suggested by Student Council to

Prime Minister Nehru of India.‘

 

llllllEll RﬂlllllGllRHlE...W

. '

Discover the difference between “just smoking" and Camels!

8.1. Reynold; Tull. Co , Wimwu—bnlam.N. 0.

 

ccuege,i'
and I still do. They’re a real
cigarette. That’s for me.”

 

You'll find Camels taste richer, fuller, more

deeply satisfying. The exclusive Camel blend '
of quality tobaccos brings you smooth smoking.
You're sure to enjoy Camels, the most

popular cigarette today. They’ve really got it! ‘

A

 

 

 

 

State College News

 

 

2-461

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14. 1956

VOL. XLI NO. 25

' Nineteen State College Groups Compete For Trophy

In Annual Page Hall Christmas Sing Sunday Evening

Music Council Stages Christmas Collegiate Singers Entertain During Intermission;
Program In Convocation Today Carolling Continues At Brubacher Coffee Hour

Patricia Gearing ’58, Chairman of Publicity, states that Student Christian As-
sociation will sponsor the annual Christmas sing to be held Sunday in Page Auditorium
at 7 pm. Other committee chairmen include Jerry Banf‘ield ’58, Arrangements; Robert
Kopecek ’58, Decorations; Arlene Murphy ’58, Ushers; and Theresa Bell ’58, Programs.

The program will include choral selections by sororltles, fraternities, group
houses, and organizations on campus. Each group Will be allowed to Sing one song. The
groups who place ill the ﬁnals will Sing their second selection. A trophy Will be pre-
sented to the winners of the Christmas Sing by Karl A. B. Peterson, Assomate Professor
of Music. Joseph McCullen, a local pianist, Donald McCarthy, Musw Dlrector at the
Christian Brothers Academy, and Ormond Platter, Music Critic for the
Knickerbocker News, will serve as judges.

Following the competition, the Collegiate Singers directed by Peter-
son, will sillg “Deck the Hall," "Carol of the Birds," and “Fum, Fum.
Fum." George Harris '59 and Sheila Brazil ‘58 will accompany. After the
sing the Student Union Board will hold a coffee hour ill the Brubachcr
Lower Lounge at which time the group ﬁnalists will sing. Freshman
women attending the sillg and coffee hour will have 10:30 hours if the

Marilyn DeSanta ’57, President
of Music Council, announces the
presentation of a Christmas Con—
cert today ill a non-legislative con-
vocations at 10 am. ill Page Hall.

The concert will feature the State
College Orchestra directed by
Charles F. Stokes, Professor of
Music. The Orchestra will play
“Christmas Festival" by Leroy And-
crson.

Following the Orchestra, the
Women's Chorus will sing: “ ‘Sleep-
ers, Wukcl' A Voice Is Sounding”
by Bach; "The Cuckoo Carol," a
Czech Folk Song; “Rise Up Shep-
herd an' Foller," a Negro Christmas
Spiritual; "Children’s Prayer from
‘Hanscl and Gretel'” by Humpcr-
dinck; and “A-Rockln‘ All Night,"
21 St, Hclcnu Island S’piritual.

Tllc Women's Chorus will be di-
rected by Karl A. E. Peterson, Asso-
Clatc Professor of Music, and ac-
companied by Barbara Sampler and
Marcelino Waggoner, Sophomores.

Tile llch feature on the program
will be the following presentations
by the Collegiate Singers: “Break
Forth, O Bi’autcous Heavenly Ligllt"
by Bach; "Carol 0f the Birds," 8.
Traditional French Melody; “Christ-
mas Bell Cul'ol," a Balkan Christ-
mas Song; "Fum, Fum, Fum," a
Spanish Carol; and “Deck the
Halls," a Welsh Carol.

Accompanying tllc Collegiate
Singers will be George Harris '59
and Sheila Brazil '58. Tile Singers
are also directed by Dr. Peterson.

Today’s concert w‘ll be the first
of two presented this your by the
State College music groups; the
other is the Spring Concert. These
concerts are annual events at State
College.

The Womcll‘s Chorus is open to
all women llL State interested in
music and who are acceptable sing-
Cl'S. Students may participate in
Chorus on either ii crcdit or non-
crcdlt basis.

Tllc Collegiate Singers is a special
nllxcd vocul group organized for
public performances. It, too, may be

Writer Suggests

taken on a credit or non-credit
basis.

Music Council, which is sponsor-
ing the concert, is composed of about
eighteen members from the Sopho-
more, Junior and Senior classes,
chosen on a. tryout system and judg-
ed by interest and work done.

This will be the fourth non-legis-
ative convocation sponsored by an
organization within the college.

Veterans Provide

Tranportation

To Colonie For Social Tomorrow

Tomorrow night at 8:30 pm. the
Veterans' Society will hold another
"Buck Social.’ announces Robert
Murphy ‘58, President of the organi-
zation. This will mark the third so—
cial the Veterans have sponsored.

Tickets for the “Buck Social"
may be purchased today for the
last time, for $1.00 ill the lower peri-
stylc of Draper Hall.

Free Transportation

The social will be held in Colonic
at the Community Hall located on
Osborne Road.

Transportation to and from Com-
mullity Hall will be provided by the
members of the Veteran's Society.
A n y o n e wishing transportation
should sign up at the ticket desk
located in lower Draper. The Vets
will pick you up at the place of
your choice, providing you sign up.

Dancing And Refreshments

At the social there will be danc-
ing to the music of Zacharic Clem-
ents and his balld. Clements played
at Convocation last Friday and
again at the basketball dance Fri-
day night. Refreshments will be
provided by the society.

The directions to the Colonic Conl-
munity Center are as follows: drive
west Oil Central Avenue until you
pass ulldel‘ the New York Central
Railroad bridge, and at the first
signal light turn rigllt on Osborne
Road. Continue on Osborne until
you reach a dead end, about eight
tenths of a mile, and make a left
hand turn onto Stone Road. Travel
down Stone Road for approximate-
ly 200 yards until you come to Os-
borne Road again, turn right, and
within a half mile you will find the
Community Hall on your right.

sing continues after 9 pm.

The organizations. their songs, and their songleaders are: Alpha Pi
Alpha, “Mary's Lullaby," “God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen," Edward

Council Seeks Funds
For Hungarian Aid

A voluntary collection of money
to aid Hungarian refugees will be
taken by Student Council members
at Sunday night's Christmas Sing,
announces Sara Jane Duffy, Chair-
man of Myskania,

Myskania recommended to Stu-
dent Christian Association, sponsors
of the Sing, that the collection be
taken. All money received will be
sent to aid Hungarian refugees in
Austria through the World Alliance
of the YMCA. Presently, refugees
from the oppressed nation are flow-
ing into Austria at the rate of 2 to
3.000 a day.

Signum Loudis lnilioles New Senior Members;
Underlokes Promotion Project In High Schools

Signum Laudis, the State College Honorary Scholastic Fraternity, welcomed
sixteen new members, all students of the Class 01' 1957. The initiation ceremonies
were held Monday night at Brubacher Hall. Miss June Fl'ankland '57 presided. Miss
Catherine Newbold, Assistant Professor of Social Studies, spoke on “Some Aspects of
Dutch Education," outlining informally the the educational system of the Netherlands.

Dr. Rebecca Oliver, Professor 01' Physics and Treasurer of Signum Laudis, pre-
sented Miss Frankland with the annual award of twenty-ﬁve dollars for achieving

More Serious

Attitude For Christmas Holiday

By WILLIAM

’l‘rccs ill'l‘ ll’llllLlll'(l. gifts urc
bouglll, snow lilllb', llll(l soon,
Clirlsllniis l.~. lll'l'l' Bill wlliil docs

Clll'lhlnliis bring lo you? ’lllc sccllcs
and llll linings of “11' Yllll‘lllll‘ are as
Vlll‘ll‘ll us Llll’ [)l‘llllll’ l'l’];l'l’Sl.‘lll,U(l at
State. Qullc Ulll'll loo, llll-sc lncilll-
ings arc lll(l(ll’ll. Yul, the holiday
Sl'ilSllll brings solncllllllg lo nil, and
to llll, more is ll llll‘lllilllH.

’l‘o sonic, Christmas is only ll rc—
lll'll‘Vl‘ from books. and school. It lb'
ll limo for sci-log old ll'll‘llllb‘ and
bcing wull them at parties. 'l‘cl‘ln
pupcl's ill'l' ul'lllcll, lllll‘l'lL’llly and
lliiplniziu'dly, uh dclullincs approach
. rapidly. LilSL-lllllllllt‘ cllorts
nrc lnudc to ciilcll up bcfol'c l'lilill
cxunls, bill only when there are no
parties to distract the plodding
mind. Abch all. though, there ls
lllc ago—old quest for llllll’c slccp, one
of Stan's biggest commodities.

To others, it is a time for colored
lights, and tiring but happy shop-
ping excursions. Children laugh,
and shout with glee at the sight of

FRANKONIS

SldL’Wlllk Sunnis 'I‘llclr pul'ciil’s
ncrvcs lll‘l' worn beyond compare,
bill. sllll tllcy smile in anticipation
of a boisterous Christmas morning
\\'llll gifl-ludcn sons and dullglltcl's.
And ill the some time, clll‘olcrs
bring the holiday spirit to cvory
liollsc lln'ougll the rcvclry of song.

Christmas llils, l'or llluny, ll spir—
lLllill purpose also. Colored lights
;.l'(‘ not the center of this scene. Ill-
slcilll, there is ll crib, und :1 clllld
lll‘le born. There are visits to
('lllll'l‘llcs, where the true llolidiiy
:piril. pcl'vndcs every thought. 'l‘o
lllcsc pcoplc colllcs tllc cssollce of
llll‘ Magi, and tile first Christmas.

Clil'islinils brings different fcclw
lngs to different people, but too of—
ten, pcoplc forch to look for what
inclining has been brought to them.
The holiday hustle and bustle
swccps them along ill 11 dizzying
whirl. 'l‘iike il look ill your Christ—
mas slocklllg and find out what
was brought to you this year.

Merry Christmas, everyone!

tllc highest scholastic avcrugc dur-
ing her first three years at State.
Clinton Curpcntcr '57 headed the
ill'l'ungcllicllts committee which in-
cludcd also Elizabeth Stcifcld and
Laura Mal'cscu.

Those iniliulcd WUl'l‘ Beverly Andy,
Barbara Biiunl, Carol Boll, Audrey
Briggs, Loulsc Clll'istolon, Marilyn
Collcll, Pllllllp Dll(lll'_\’, anlcy (iilclc,
Slullli‘y Gorrynskl, Al'lcnc Gl'ccn,
Elllill'd Koclllcl', Susan Lcllcl', Dor-
(Jllll‘ll Mlllcr, Killlll‘l'lllL’ Mollsccs,
Ell-illlor Roncy, unil Clnll'lcs Wlllsi-y.

These students make up the sol--
olld group of four lll’l' ccllt ol llll’
Scnlol- class admitted to member—
ship. The first four per cclll of llll‘
class were initialed in May, lol-
lowlng Moving-Up Dziy. ’l‘lli-y lll-
(:ludc in addition to Miss Fl'link—
liilld and Mrs. Doris Dunn, Stildclll
Secretary of the organization, Clin-
ton Carpenter, Harry Cookltl', ’l‘uo
Gugllclmollc, Phyllis Hurd, Milly
Illnliin, Ann Kalnmcr, Laulil Mil-
l'cscu, Mary Lou Mciscr, Mulcollll
Rogcrs, Nlllll!y Schneider, Elizabeth
Stcifcld, Wllllillll Swanson and Ev-
cl'clt Wclel'mlllcr.

A final two per cent of the Senior
class will bc named in the spring.
Eligibility for membership lll Sig-
num Luudis is limited to those stu-
dents in tile top ten per cent oi'
their class who have maintained an
academic average of at least 3.00

(Continued on Page 1,, Colunm5/

Jones '58; Beta Zeta, “Dance of the
Sugar Plum Fairies," "On Christ-
mas Evc," Sally Barter ’58; Bru-
bachcr Hall, “The Birthday of a
King," “It's Beginning To Look A
Lot Like Christmas," Ann Barber;
Chi Sigma Theta, “Medley of
Carols." “What Child Is This,” Ber-
nice O'Connor '57; College Heights,
“Come to the Stable With Jesus."
“Winter Wonderland,” Edward Gal-
lagher '57.

Commuters Club, “Bring the
Torch Jeannette Isabel," “Jolly Old
St. Nicholas," Barbara MacDonald
'58; East House, “Hodie Christmas
Natus Est," “Sleep Sweet Jesus
Sleep," Madeline Desprcs '59; Ed-
ward Eldred Potter Club, “Coventry
Carol,” "Winter Song,” Robert Bos-
cmwol'th '58; Gamma Kappa Plli,
“Mr. Santa," “Peace on Earth,” Joy
Cafaro '58; Kappa Beta, “Joy to the
World," “The First Noel," Joseph
Fosegun ’59; Kappa Delta, “Carol of
the Little King,” “The Three
Kings,‘ Claudia Allcock ’59. Lake
House. "Kommct, 1hr Hirton," “O
du Frollllche Weillllachtzeit,” Edith
Struck '57.

Pill Delta, “Silent Night," “Patn-
pau," Nancy Schneider '5’]; Pierce
Hall, "’Twas the Night Before
Christmas.” “Hark the Herald All-
gels Sing," Elizabeth Cook '60; Psi
Gamma. "Sleigh Ride," “Gesu
Buinbonl,“ Jule Smith '59; Sigma
Lambda Sigma, "Sing Gloria,”

(Confirmed (in Page 3,001unm5l

 

Ann Klnsler (right), President of Kappa Delta, last year’s Christmas
b‘lng winner. returns the trophy to Doris Vrudellburg, President of Stu-
dent Christian Assaulalloll. The trophy must be won three consecutive

years to keep it permanently.

 

