 

PAGE- 2

Executive Power . . .

Repeat performance with new stars. This was the situ-
ation Wednesday night when the Association of Men’s
Intramural Athletics came before Student Council to pre-
sent its inventory. It was again inadequate and, therefore,
not acceptable to the Council. The only recommendation
Council could offer was to go home and come back again
next week with a complete inventory.

If this athletic board were properly organized and
directed by capable leaders this advice might be sufficient.
Unfortunately, this same advice was given last February
and we are still waiting for results. It seems that AMIA
still can’t produce the facts of last semester’s inventory.

A new AMIA board was elected Moving-Up Day. Sup-
posedly it was to be elected under a revised constitution
which would allow only men experienced in the operation
of AMIA to be elected. This was not done. Two officers
were carry-overs but the other two were elected at random
from the male enrollment of the college. One officer at
the present time is actually holding office illegally, since
the position under the constitution calls for a Sophomore
and he is a Junior.

Since their election in May the officers have held
three meetings this fall. One of its officers still doesn’t
even know who is on the board and what the duties of the
board are. It is unqualified men like this who head this or—
ganization. This is the fault of three groups, Constitutional
Review Committee which does not see to it that a criteria
exists which would prevent inexperienced officers from
being elected; the male enrollment, who elects incapable
officers; and the elected officers who do not accept their
responsibilities of knowing their duties and carrying them
out. And yet nominations and elections in the replacement
election for president of AMIA will take place in the same
fashion this week.

Since this situation is recurrent we suggest that
the president of Student Association assume his duties
under Article V of the Student Association Constitution
which states: “The executive power of the Association
shall be vested in the President of the Association and the
Student Council.” Under this article he has the power,
as an executive, to step in and appoint a group or assume
personal control of AMIA and rewrite its constitution,
rules and regulations, take an inventory and hold sound
elections. He has the right to step in and reorganize this
group.

We cannot permit this organization to continue, se-
mester after semester, in its floundering steps. It is an
organization receiving money from the Student Associa-
tion budget. We cannot permit this condition to exist
any longer. We must insist that the executive of our As-
sociation take action.

Once A Year . . .

Once each year we are all asked to contribute money
for something for which there is no tangible return. This
once a year is now and this something is Campus Chest.

The theme this year is “Students Helping Students.”
The funds from this campaign aid students all over the
world, and in our own country as well, who have the ability
and interest but not the money to further their education.
They want to become educated so that they can help their
own people to advance their standard of living, yet the
economic system in their country holds them back. We
at State are blessed with the means, or at least a way to
the means, of following our profession.

Give others a chance to help themselves and their
countries. Contribute today at the desk in Lower Draper.

 

STATE COLLEG E NEWS

ESTABLISHED MAY iBIG

  

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

First Place CSPA

VOL. XLI

Members of the NEWS staff may he reached Monday and Wi-(lllcsllliy from 7 to
11 pm. and Tuesday from a to it pm, at 2-3328. Ext 11. Phones Lawrence 2~iilliii
Bchlolthauber 2-9612; Kanipf 2-0870

Second Place ACP
October 19, 1956 No. 18

The undergraduate newspaper oi the New York i-liiiii: College for Teachers;
published every Friday of the College year by the NEWS Board for the Student

Association.
MARCIA LAWRENCE - - - . .

KEITH YANIIOII . .
HABY ANN I'l(llll.()'l"l‘IIAllHElt - - . .
NN - - . . .

- — Editor-ln-Chlof

- - Public Relations Editor
- Business Advertising Manager

- - Circulation Editor
Associate Editor

MAINE DETTMEB - - - - ~ . . . .
Associate Editor

JOSEPH SZABEK - - - - . . . . , .

AI’I'IIUI PWTNIK - - - - - - - - - - Future Editor
WIKBT KAMI’I“ - - - - ~ - - - v - - liports Editor
1082?" HWIEBZOWHKI - ~ - - - Consultant Sports Editor
JOHN ltiilNEltb' - ~ — - - - - Associate Feature Editor
WILLA!” GILLETTE - - - - ' - - - Stall Photographer

All communications should be addressed to the editor and must be signed. NImes
m" be withheld on request. The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or communications. as Web expressions do not

necessarily reﬂect I” views.
@r’

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER f9. 1956

 

 

Kafu‘fd (ape/u
By ART PALAZZOLO
PALACE

The Best Things In Life Are Free i '
with Gordon Mac Rae, Dan Daily, j

Sheree North and Ernest Borgnine.
In ClnemaScope and color. A musi-
cal set in the ﬂapper era of the
1920's. It's packed with pop classics
such as "Birth of the Blues," “But-
ton Up Your Overcoat," “Black Bot-
tom," and naturally, “The Best
Things in Life Are Free.” Sheree
North does a torrid dance routine
to “Birth of the Blues." If you like
musicals you’ll like this one. The
second feature is Stagecoach to
Fury with Forest Tucker, Mari
Blanchard and Wallace Ford. This
one's in Regal Scopel You gotta like
westerns to like this.

STRAND

The Last Wagon with Richard
Widmark and Felicia Farr. In Cine—
maScope and color. Richard Wid-
mark is cast as a killer who leads
a group of orphaned teenagers
through Apache territory. That's
the plot, you take it from there.
Also showing is Strange Intruder
with Edmond Purdom and Ida
Lupino.

DELAWARE

Madalena with Marta Torch and
Gino Cervi. An Italian movie with
English subtitles.

MADISON

High Society with Grace Kelly,
Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby. In
VistaVision and technicolor. A re-
make of “The Philadelphia Story."
Grace Kelly plays the part of a
snobby society woman, while Bing
is her ex and Frankie makes like
a reporter. An exceptionally good
musical comedy.

LELAND

1984 with Edmond O’Brien, Mi-
chael Redgrave and Jan Sterling.
Based on the near-classic of the
same name by George Orwell. I got
it straight from the horse's mouth
(in this case the ticket lady) that
it’s well worth seeing. And besides——
“Big Brother" will be watching
you! The second feature is The
Gamma People with Paul Douglas
and Eva Bartok. A science-fiction
“thriller.”

€mmm‘catam

To the Editor:

It has been “commonly stated"
that the members of Myskania have
not taken an active part in the
work program at Camp Dippikill.
Here are some points of considera-
tion for complainers:

 

 

1. Perhaps complainers are una-
aware that members of Myska-
nia are in a judicial capacity;
since this is their work, as
Myskania members it is not
necessarily required.

2. Perhaps coiiiplalnei's are una-
ware that at least half of Mys-
kllillzl visited Dippikill last
spring; one member was on
the work crew to begin con-
struction at the camp this fall.

3. Perhaps complainch are una—
ware that dutics of Myskanla
members are quite demanding;
that many have jobs and or
extra-curricular activities on
weekends.

4.. Perhaps compialners are un-
warc that some Myskanla
members are tied up with
practice teaching.

J). Perhaps coiiiplailiei's are unu-
wiu‘c of the help that other
groups, boasting greater mem-
bership, can offer.

Possibly, complaiiici's didn't mean
what they said; but perhaps coili-
pialiiers are unaware.

Nat Iiemoiiie '59
Bruce Nortln '59

 

Contribute
To
Campus Chest

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

There are. three kinds of lies; lies, damned lies and statistics.
-—Disrucli.

COMPLAINTS

For those of you who complain of a lack of humour in this column,
we should like to contribute—the popularity contests which are being
eliminated by the recommended lists for each election. In order to put
this through. freshmen were allowed to vote along with the revered . . .

A “recommended” system does not eliminate superﬂuous nomina-
tions (why should it?), nor does it guarantee qualiﬁed nominees.

The Railroad Hour has returned for all comedy lovers.
PATRONS 0F TIIE ARTS

Though at the time of writing we don't know how many Albanians
will come to see “Charlie's Aunt." we also don’t know how much pub-
licity was done around Albany—but we can surmise from the far too
many barren store windows. Though Page Hall may be small, no need
to limit the work of outside publicity.

Maybe if more Albanians saw seine of our worthy expenditures and
an active student body. the question, “What's Albany State," would be
a less frequent one. They‘ve got to ﬁnd out what it is before they can
be proud of it.

NEW DEAL

It’s always a good idea to deal your cards over the table. We all
realize that not all students are interested in school polities or a num-
ber of the activities sponsored here—the thing is that some people are
capitalizing on this lack of interest, i.e. rejuvenation of the Statesman
inew literary magazine) and the unsanctioned committee for recoin—
mendations for Who's Who.

If the above mentioned needs explanation, it only goes to prove
things that directly concern you are being done behind your back.
SAVING WEAR AND TEAR

From the anxious athletic, some not so athletic. crowd milling
around Bru's storage room last Saturday, our interest was aroused. Could
it be students gathering prematurely for the pep rally?

A second look revealed right pant legs rolled. A clue! It seems
Outing Club was out for the day. Nobody used the bikes but everyone
pays student tax.

LOST WEEKENDS

On the subject of evaluating the Student Exchange Committee (how
many of you know what it is.“ much has been said.

From the poliit of view of the common student a i'e-evaluatioii seems
to be in order. since last year's exchange to the University of Connecticut
seems to have been nothing but a good weekend away from NYSCT. No
positive suggestions or airing of new views and ideas followed the week-
end—could be it was the proverbial lost variety.

In answer to the above situation, one of the better pi'olmsuls heard
so far is, "Why not exchange the whole student body?"

Enough of prepaid, valueless vacations for a few.

HAS IIOMECOMING (‘AME'P

From the looks of last weekend, Columbus Day \t’Cl’ki‘lKl, it is 0111‘
casual and probably erroneous opinion that Homecoming weekend should
be held on Columbus Day weekend. We had a capacity crowd lllsi
weekend.

QUESTION 01“ THE WEEK

The school has leaders and followers. 'l‘lio followers are ready 10

follow. but what are the leaders doing?

 

College Calendar

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19

10:00 am. Non-Legislative Convocation, Page Hull.

9:00 pm. Campus Chest Dance. Bl'lllJIICllt‘l' Dining lloorn.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20

 

10:00 am. Frosh Frolic, Camp Johnson.

2:00 pm. Students for Stevenson Meeting, Bi'ubachcr Hall.

8:00 p.111. Bi'ubaclier Open House and Dance.

8:00 pm. Kappa Delta Open House for Stiitesiiicn, 380 Western Avenue.
8:00 11.1Ii. Sigma Phi Sigiiiii Open House for Stiitcsiiii-ii.

8:00 pm. Psi Gamma Open House for Stiitcuiicii.

SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21

3:00 pm. Saylcs Open House.

5:00 pm. Beta Zeta Open Home for Statcsnicii, 380 State Street.
5:00 pm. Lutheran Student Association Meeting.

7:00 pm. Canterbury Chili, Cathedral House, Swan Street.

7:30 pm. Council of Religious Clubs Meeting, Brubachcr l-i'iill.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28

10:00 li.m. Junior Class Meeting, Draper 111.

10:00 il.lil. Sophomore Class Meeting, Draper 349.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24

3:00 pm. Commutcrs’ Club E iclal Meeting, Biubaclier Upper Lounge.
7:15 pm. Student Council Meeting, Brubzwher Hall.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25

7:30 pm. International Film Group presents "Birth of it Nation," Dm-
pcr 349.

8:00 pin. Meeting of Kappa Mu Fraternity. Bi‘ubacher Hall.

8:00 pm. Kappa Phi Kappa Meeting. Address by Leonard Horan, Di-

rector of New York State Department of Correction Training.

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER IS. 1956

PAGE 3

 

'Camp Board Determines Regulations Judicial Body
Governing Use Of Camp Dippikill issues Decision

The Dippikill Camp Board met
Tuesday evening to discuss the cre-
ation of a new Camp Board and
camp rules, reveals Robert Levy,
Graduate Student, Chairman of
Camp Board.

The present Camp Board recom-
mends that a pennanent Camp
Board. consisting of four faculty
members and five student members,
be created. The board also made
recommendations concerning the
powers. duties and responsibilities
of the proposed permanent Camp
Board.

Sororities Hold

Collee Hours,
Open Houses

The sororities on campus are
planning coffee hours and open
houses, and two have recently heid
pledge services and initiations.

Libby Stapleton '57, Vice-Presi-
dent, states that Kappa Delta
pledged the following girls Monday
evening: June Sprague, Sandra
Faye, Sheila O’Donnell, Leona Pet-
erson. Juniors: Laui'een Dewey ’59.

Tomorrow the sorority will hold an

Open House for statesmen from 8
to 11:30 pm.

Mary Lou Meiser. President of
Psi Gamma, announces that they
will have an Open House for States-
men tomorrow. Nancy Hughes '57
is General Chairman of this event.

Chi Sigma Theta will have a cof-
fee hour for Potter Club Monday
from 8 to 10 pm, announces Mary
Furnei' '57. President.

Paula Segal '57. states that Sigma
Phi Sigma will hoch an Open House
for statesmen tomorrow night. The
theme for the Open House will be
"Fashions in Music." Chairman of
this event is Rita Chrlsinan '57 and
Carol Leif '59 is Chairman of Deco—
rations. The Iiitersorority Council
representative for the semester is
Barbara Kaufman ’59.

Nancy Loupreile. President of
Beta Zetu. states that the follow-
ing girls were formally initiated
Monday: Joyce Scheiler and Jean
Storey, Seniors; Lynn Becraft
Brenda Buchanan and Aim Crock-
i‘l‘, Sophomores.

Potter Celebrates Anniversary

Edward Eldrcd Potter Club will
celebrate its twenty-fifth anniver-
sary ilic weekend of November 2, 3,
and 4, announces Wilfred Highiiin
‘57 and Jack Tate '58, CO-Cllﬂil‘nlell.
For the occasion, the sister of Ed-
ward Eldi'cd Potter. for whom the
fraternity is pained. will be flown
from Chicago to speak .il the formal
banquet.

Leroy Holmes

Plays Wliere.8

By .\I A If Y FI'I'ZI'A'I‘ KN 'K

Mllsii' soothes ilic suvugc licisl.
ii's }.11I(l. If you're not a beast don‘t
stop l'cudllig‘. This inin (‘Olli‘i’l'll you
anyway We'l'c lli’l'l‘ lo cxhorl lhc
\ll‘llll'h oi Leroy Holmes No. he‘s
mu :1 (li‘li‘l‘llt’l', Iii-B. :i llilllilli'ildi'l'
\\llli‘ll is [he reason loi' 1111' music
llll.

Iii-crud has it lliaii. as one inu-
lures. one burns in understand
and lllllll'i‘i'llili‘ llll‘ l‘liyiliiiili' bcui
oi li jungle loin-tom, or something
lo lhni i-ifci'i. Ml'. liolmcs’ specialty
1:. llill necessarily :ilolii; llii-si- lines,
but lli' may give you .i ('lllillt'l‘ lo
prove to yourself and your i-i'si-
while ll'lIEIIIlh' your iiialiii'c outlook
on the illli'l‘ iii'ls He has llic quail—
lli'llllilllb or so llli‘ l‘l‘i’ill'd iiidusli'y
('lzillllh Ills band has recorded llllill-
crous hits such 11:» “'l‘lic [[1in and
the Mighly," "Caravan." and his
lulcsl. “When the WllILi‘ Lilac.»
Bloom Again." Wlll‘ll lli".‘i not re-
cording, lie practices :il various
major shows around the nation
Wllli‘ll shows he‘s a SLI'in‘l‘ alid al-
ways good for a hot bout.

Colleges around the country/seek
his appearances at their social func-
tions. They like him. It follows sini-
ilai'ly that you as a college student
will like him too. Result: The critics
and public like hiiii but why are
we concerned?

Camp Rules

The following are rules governing
the use of Dippikill (Jump as deter-
mined by the present Camp Board:

1. All activities that take place
at the camp are subject to approval
of the board.

2. Activities which are without
precedent must be brought to the
board for approval. They may be
defended at an open meeting of
the board.

3. Al] organizations, unorganized
groups, or individuals must fill out
a. registration blank in the SPO
twenty-four hours in advance of de-
parture for approval. The only ex-
ception to this will be for a. group
going up just for a day. They may
check out through the Brubacher
switchboard.

a. A list of all people who are
going will be required.

b. The name of the chuperone or
advisor will be required if it is a
co-ed or mixed co-ed and male
group.

c. Day trips must check back to
the Brubacher switchboard before
closing time.

4. All rules of conduct which gov-
ern the conduct of students on
campus will be extended to camp,
unless otherwise excepted in these
rules.

a. Girls will be required to have
written permission from parent or
legal guardian to stay at the camp
overnight.

b. There will be no hours but seg-
regated sleeping quarters will be
required. (We would like to have
the camp a place where blanket
permissions would apply. And we
recommend an 11 pm. bedtimei

5. General rules of camp safety
will be required.

:1. Fires will be built only in des-
ignated spots.

1). All papers, garbage and trash
wi.l be disposed of in appropriate
cans or pit.

c. Persons iii the camp shall be
in pairs or groups when away from
the major camp area. Under no cir-
ciiiiisiuiicis will anyone be left
alone.

(i. All injuries and breakage of
equipment will be reported in writ-
ing to the board Vlil the SP0.

7. N0 fire arms or bows will be
permitted at camp unless on an cs-
iablished range or the prior por-
inisslon of the board.

8. No living plants or animals can
be collected without board permis-
sion. No standing timber Sl'liill be
cut. (or defaced! at any lime except

Korean Graduate

To Freshmen

Myskania, the judicial branch of
State College's student government,
has handed down the following de-
cisions relating to freshman pennies
and elections, announces Sara Jane
Duffy '57, Chairman.

Beanie Decision

“All freshmen must have beanies
and wear them by Friday, October
19, although their beanies were
stolen or lost. The beanies will be
worn until November 21. Any fresh—
man losing his beanie after Octo-
ber 19. and before November 21,
must purchase another one within
twenty-four hours. Immediately
upon losing a beanie, be sure and
notify Barbara Hungerford '57,
Myskania Chairman of Warnings."
Absentee Election

Myskania has also decided that
voting for the Who's Who election
will be by absentee ballot, since
there is no legislative convocation
scheduled for that date.

The class of 1960 has been chal-
lenged to a soccer game by the jud-
icial body. The game is to be played
on Dorm Field at 5 pm. today.

Board Distributes
New Tax Cards

Donald Rice ’58, Chairman of
Student Board of Finance, an-
nounces that student tax cards will
be distributed this week to freshmen,
transfer students, graduate stil-
dents, and upperclassmen who re-
quire new cards.

The tax cards will be available at
the desk in Lower Draper Tuesday
from 11 am. to 3:30 pm. Wednes-
day from 9 am. to 3:30 pm, and
Thursday from 9 am. to 3:30 pin.
Students are requested to bring
their Treasurer's receipt card with
them when they come to pick up
their lax card.

A fee of fifty cents will be charged
to upperclassmeii who are replacing
their old curds.

 

iii. the direct ordcrs of the board.
Birch bark in particular, shall not
be collected from standing or down
timber.

9. Violators of any of these rules
may have their privilege of camp
use revoked. This applies to groups
as well as to individuals.

Students State

Education Similarities, Differences

By JOSEPH SZAREK

Last week we told you :i lilile of
the background of Lissa Silva, the
foreign student from Mexico. We
now ll'llVl’l to the eastern hemis—
plici'c. Kore-.1 to be exact, to learn
sonn- of the background of two
lillll‘l' foreign students at State.
Sung 11 Kim and Sung Ho Chung.

Kim, ll. native of Kwangju City,
and Chung. of 'l‘zicgu. iil'i‘ both
graduate students at the college this
year. After complciioii of their
grudualc work in School Adminis—
li'alioii. the two llillli' to iilti‘llil ali-
ollii-r Allh'l'li'ﬂli U111V('1'.\ll_\' lo earn
their Ph l).'s. In the lllilll‘i‘. llll‘ two
Kori-ans plain to return lo the
leaching profession lll their home-
Ililitl.

Hung ll Kliii is ll graduate of
Cliosuii Uiiivm'sity. Wlli'll we asked
what iliil'i-i‘ciiccs there were educa-
lioii~wisc lli'th‘i‘ll the two countries.

College Democrals
Slate First Meeting

'l'licl'o will be u Illi‘lftlllj; l()lllOl'—
i'ow all. 2 pm. at llrubaidici' null for
all sludi-iils interested in joining
the “Students for Sicvonsoii" club.
This is a new group on campus
which has as its purpose the crea-
lion of interest in the national elec-
tions to be held next iiioiilli and iii
the basic issues of the party plat-
foi'iiis.

’l‘his political club will work
strictly on the college level. states
the tlll‘t‘tﬁ leaders of the group,
Kathleen Bonk ’59, Dominick De-
Cecco and Richard Sliuer, Seniors.

he pointed out that in American
colleges, State in particular, the
women students are more friendly
than those in Korea. Kim went on
to clarify this statement further.
saying that the social system of Ko-
i'cu does not permit the mingling of
the sexes as we do here. The grad-
iiiile student added that co-cduca-
lioii has been adopted in Korea. but
relatively few women enroll in
schools of this type. Chung poiiiti'd
out that. in general, colleges lil Ko-
i'czi illi‘ i'uli Very lllll(‘ll iii the same
manner as American schools.

Both students are attending State
as recipients of Aiiiei'icun Korean
Foundation scholarships. Kim, high-
ly interested in athletics, is 1110
juvclln throwing cliaiiiiploii of Ko-
rea. During the Korean conflict.
Chung served as ll (opium iii the
ill'lll)’ of the Republic of Kiil'i‘ll.

President lssucs Data

On Building Names

Evan R. Collins, President of the
Col ege, announces that the letter
 has been dropped from the
usual room designation of “DX”
iDi'iipci' Aunch since it is felt that
the use of the word "extension"
oiin causes confusion. It is hoped
that in the future the buildings, iii-
cluding the additions, will be re-
ferred to only as Richardson and
Draper Hails.

Rooms in these two buildings will
be signified only by the first letter
of the name of the building plus
the room number.

Administration, Campus Leaders
Discuss Political Parties, Finances

By WINIF'RED YOUNGS

Last Sunday, State College’s 5th
Leadership Conference opened with
a keynote speech by Oscar Lan-
ford, Dean of the College. He laid
emphasis on the fact that the
greatest shortage is the shortage of
leaders, and warned the twenty-
five campus leaders present not to
confuse activity with achievement.

Richard Hinck '58, Chairman for
the Conference, then opened the ses-
sion to a discussion of introducing
political parties to student govern-
ment at State. Three major ques-
tions came up in the discussion: (1)
Would these parties be just for
spring elections or would they have

Siudenl Sleeps~~
--Freud Flips

The freshman class is unique.
It’s been said before. but this
week it was proven even to the
faculty when one of its sleepier
components decided to take ad-
vantage of a lull during a class
lecture and fell asleep. The pro-
fessor, not to be outdone by the
actions of a more fresh, prompt-
ly removed the class to another
room in the maze of Draper ex-
tensions.

Curious to see what the of-
fending student’s reaction would
be upon awakening from his
mid-morning siesta, the ever
astute professor sent back an
envoy to rouse him from his
dreams and report on the find-
ings. His enjoyment of the sit-
uation was short-lived, however,
for the only observable reaction
of State’s Rip Van Winkle was
to see if he had another class.
Reassured that he was safe
from a possible out he again
rested his head upon the spongy
wood of the desk and returned
to the land of Utopian college
life.

Religious Clubs
Plan Activities

Religious organizations have slat-
ed a variety of activities for the
coming week.

 

The first in a series of discus-
sions on the bible will be held at the
meeting of the Lutheran Students‘
Association on Sunday. The meet-
ing will be held from 5 to 7 .1).lll. at
St. John's Lutheran Church, 160
Central Avenue and supper will be
served to all students who attend.

Dorothy Davis '59 states that Mr.
Daniel Uzupan, student assistant
minister. will lead the discussion
for the group.

Jeannette Weinberg ‘58 announces
that there will be El meeting of
Hillel Wednesday in Brubnchei' Hall.
Shel a Lister '57 will lead the Israeli
iolk dancing on Thursday evenings
211 7:30 pm. in Bi'ubucliei' Hall.
A group to be called Hillel Israeli
Folk Dancers plan 10 be available
for ciitci'taiiiiiiciil. for charities such
as oi'pliiingcs and hospitals in the
area.

The Inter—Varsity Christian Fcl-
1owship is hiiiiiig 11 roller skating
party tonight. All who wish to iii—

(C(illlllillf'll on PIN/(f /,, (.‘UllllllllJl

Kappa Mu Presents
Corporation Speaker

There Will be 21 iiieciiiig of Kappa
Mu, the national inatliciiiziiics irat-
l‘l'lllty, ’I‘hursday at 8 pm. iii Bru-
bachci' Hull, announces Doris Vi'a-
dcnburg ’57, Vice-President.

Edward L. Bauer, Associate Direc-
tor of Chemical Control at Win--
ihrop Laboratories, Rensscluer, will
speak on the topic, “The AIJDllClh
tion of Mathematics to Problems
in the Phariiiiiceutical Industry."
The Winthrop Laboratories under
his direction carry out research on
methods development and do about
fifty per cent of the routine chem-
ical testing.

a year-round program? (2) Would
this turn elections and student gov-
ernment into sorority and fraternity
blocs? (3) Do We need a party sys-
tem or would expansion of our pres-
ent system do? The conference vot-
ed to recommend to Myskrinia that
they look into expanding our elec-
tion procedure as it now stands.

After dinner, Evan R. Collins,
President of the College, gave the
administration’s viewpoint on stu-
dent tax and SA budgets, and on
the football controversy. If this col-
lege is to stay tuition-free, SA must
fit in the picture by some show of
thrift in things like budgets. And
the budgets should be important
enough to all of SA that packed
assemblies would mean crowds of
people, not one group pushing a
budget through.

The administration vetoed the
football equipment (as soon as it
had a chance to, even though this
was after l50 out of 1800 people in
SA had passed it) on the grounds
of Athletic Advisory Board's stand
a few years ago that before inter-
collegiate football was attempted,
we needed adequate conditions (of
field and men), coaching, and offi-
clatlng. President Collins said this
didn't mean that the administration
was opposed to football, intercolle-
giate or intramural, when all the
requisites were met. Nothing was
said about how or when they could
be met.

Student Board of Finance came
up for discussion, too. Now the
Board has duties that range from
setting financial policy to clerk
work on ID cards. This wide range
makes it hard for them to do an
effective job on anything. The con-
ference voted to recommend that a
committee be appointed by the
President of SA to set poiicy on
financial matters. to be approved
by Student Council, and that this
committee look into a program of
financial expansion for the college;
this would be approved by Council
and SA.

Film Association
Sponsors Movie

Thursday at 7:30 pm in Draper
349, the International Film Group
will present “Birth of a Nation,”
according to Steve Jacobson '59.
President. This famous American
epic of the silent screen tells the
story of the Civil War. “Birth of a
Nation" contains the first close—up
ever used in motion pictures, and
shows panoramic scenes of the bat-
tlcs. Produced by D. W. Griffith, it
was the first major feature pro-
duced in the old Biograph Studios
on the Palisades of the Hudson
River in New Jersey.

The 1956-57 IFG film schedule
also includes “The Bicycle Thief."
"The Young and the Damned," and
lhe French film. “The Well Digger‘s
Daughter." All foreign films have
English subtitles. Admission to all
i'ilniis will be by Student Tax Card.
Non-students pay $.50 for zi single
admission or $1.50 for a semester
series of six i'iliiis.

Board Releases
New Dance Rules

The Student Union Board has is-
sued ii llt‘w ruling, states Suzanne
Lieberman ‘58. At'illlg Chairman
and Vice-Chairman.

"The following persons shall be
permitted to intend dances given
by Slllli.‘ (‘ollcge organizations in
Bl‘lllhll‘llt‘l' dining room:

1. All Stale College students and
llll'li' guests.

2. Invited guests of the organiza-
tions sponsoring the (lance.

This excludes students from other
colleges unaccompanied by a State
college student."

A rotating committee of SUB
members will be at the entrance of
dances to check Identification Cards
or Student Receipt Cards, beginning
tonight at the Campus Chest Dance.

Miss Lieberman also says that a
meeting of Student Union Board
will be held in Brubacher Sunday
at 7 p.111.

 

