 

PAGE 0

You Cuu Win u Cur/z Alqu—

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 19. 1956

and So/zolurr/ujo Money for Your College in

Reader’s Digest

$41,000 CONTEST

Open to All College Students (Faculty, too!)

Nothing to buy...nothing to write
...uud you may ﬁuu’ you luo‘w more uoout

people t/um you out!

How well do you know human nature? Can you tell
what subjects interest people most? Here is a chance to test your
judgment—show how good an editor you are—and you may win
$5,000 for yourself, plus $5,000 in scholarship funds for your
college.

It’s fun to try. Maybe you can top other students in
colleges across the country . . . and you can match wits with the
editors of Reader’s Digest.

Why do far more college graduates read Reader’s Digest than
any other magazine? What is it that makes the Digest the most
widely read magazine in the world—with 11 million copies
bought each month in the United States, plus 9 million abroad?
Why is it read each month by at least 60 million people, in 12
languages—Arabic, Danish, English, Finnish, French, German,
Italian, Japanese, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish and Swedish?

Can you spot in a typical issue of Reader’s Digest the uni-
versal human values that link scholars, statesmen, scientists,
writers, businessmen, housewives? Can you pick out the articles
that will be most popular with the average Digest reader?

You may find . . .you [mow more about people than you thin/cl

Here’s all you do. Study the descriptions (at right) of the articles in the
October Reader’s Digest—or, better still, read the complete articles in the
issue itself. (But you are not required to buy The Reader's Digest to enter
the contest.) Then simply list the six articles 7 in order of preference— that
you think readers of the magazine will like best. This will be compared with
a nationwide survey conducted among a cross section of Digest subscribers.

Follow the directions given below. Fill in the entry blank, paste it on a
post card, and get it into the mail before the deadline. Additional blanks are
obtainable at your college bookstore.

All entries must be postmarked not later than midnight, October 25, 1956.
Don't delay. In case of ties, the entry with the earliest postmark will win.

lust pick in order the six articles
you think most readers of October
Reader’s Digest will like the best.

 

READER'S DIGEST CONTEST, Box 4. Great Neck. L. l., New York ,
In the space ophosite the word “FIRS’I‘” write the number “Nth—-
of the article you think will be the most popular of all. “OWL—
Opposite the word "SECOND" write the number of the ihlril__.___..
article you think will rank second in popularity. List in this four",
way the numbers of the six top articles in the order of their I

popularity. (Note:Use only the numbers ofarticles you choose. f'm'——-————-
Do not write the title of any article.) Clip and paste this cou- Slxth___.______
pan on a Government post card.

 

Name Address

 

City Stab:

 

 

 

YOU CAN WIN:
s5000 cash 1st prize

plus $5000 for the scholarship
fund of your college or . . .

sIOOO cash 2"“I prize

plus $1000 for the scholarship
fund of your college or. . .

Any of TEN $500 cash prizes
plus $500 for the scholarship
fund of your college or . . .

Any of 100 $10 prizes
in book credit from your
local college bookstore

And ifyour entry is the best from your
college you will receive an extra award
——:in additional $10 in book credit
at your college bookstore.

FOLLOW THESE EASY RULES

I. Read the descriptions in this adver-
tisement of the articles that appear in
October Reader's Digest. 01' better,
read the complete articles. 'l‘hen select
the 6 that you think most readers will
like best.

2.0n the entry blank at left, write the
number of each article you select. List
them in what you think will be the
orrlcr of popularity, from ﬁrst to sixth
place. Your selections will be judged
by comparison with a national surch
which ranks in order of popularin the
(5 articles that rcndcl‘s likc licsl. hill in
and mail the coupon. All cntrics must
be postinarlu-d not. later than mid-
night, October ‘35, [956.

3. This contest is open only to college,
students and faculty members in thc
U. S. excluding cmployccs of 'l‘lic
ltcuder‘s lligcst, its advertising agen-
cies. and their faiiiilics. It, is subjch to
all federal, state and local laws and
regulations.

4. Only one entry per person.

5. In case of ties, cnlrii-s postmnrltctl
curlicsl. will Will. l‘illll'ics will Iii-judged
by I). It. McIntyre, lnc.. wllosc dc-
cision will llt' iinul. All cnlrics becomi-
properly of'l‘lic ltcuder's I )igcst; none
returned.

6. All winners notified by mail. List
of cush~prizc winners mailcd if you
enclosesself-addressed,stumpedenve-
lope.

 

 

 

Name of collar,m

 

eader’s
Digest

Its popularity and inﬂuence are worlrl-wlde

Which six articles will readers
of the October Digest like best?

I. Nortolk's friend to troubled toon-ogerc. Story of the ar-
thritic cripple to whom youngsters flock for advice.

2. The great Pllldown hoax. How this famed “missing link"
in human evolution has been proved a fraud from the start.

3. How to sharpen your iudgment. Famed author Bertrand
Russell offers six rules to help you form sounder opinions.
4. My most unforgettable character. Fond memories of (‘on-
his Mack—who led the Athletics for 50 years.

5. How to make peace at the Pentagon. Steps to end ruin-
ous rivalry between our Army, Navy and Air Force.

6. Book condensation: “High, Wide and Lonesome." llal
Borlimd’s exciting story of his adventurous boyhood on a
Colorado prairie.

7. Medicine's animal pioneers. How medical researchers
learn from animals new ways to save human lives.

8. What the mess In Moscow moons. Evidence that the
Communist system is as unworkable as it is unnatural.
9. Master bridge builder. Introducing David Sicinman.
world leader in bridge design and construction.

IO. College two years sooner. Here's how extensive experi-
ments proved a bright ﬁlth-grader is ready for college.
It. Laughter the best medicine. Amusing experiences from
everyday life.

I2. What happens when we pray for others? Too often we
pray only for ourselves. Here's how we gain true rcwards
of prayer when we pray for others.

13. European vs. U. S. beauties. Why European Women are
more glamorous to men.

I4. Trading stomps—bonus or bunkum? How much of their
cost is included in the price you pay?

I5. Living memorials instead of ﬂowers. A way to honor the
dead by serving the living.

16. It pays to Increase your word power. An entertaining
quiz to build your vocabulary.

I7. Are we too soft on young criminals? Why the best way
to cure juvenile delinquency is to punish first olli-udcrs.
l8. Medicine man r n the Amazon. llow two (l('\'(>l('(l mis-
sionaries bring medical aid to jungle natives.

l9. Creatures in the night. The fascinating drama of nature
that is enacted between dusk and dawn.

20. What your sense ot humor tells about you. What the
jokes you like, the way you laugh reveal about. you.

2t. The sub that wouldn't stay down. Stirring saga of the
USS. Squulus’ rescue from a depth of All) fathoins.

22. Madame Butterﬂyin bobby sox. llow new freedoms have
changed life for Japanese women; what the mcn think.
23. Doctors should tell patients the truth. When llil' (llll'llir
operated. exactly what did he do? Why a written record
of your medical history may someday save your life.

24. “How wonderful you are . . . " Here's why affection
and admiration aren't much good unless express: d; why
locked-up emotions eventually withcr.

25. Harry Holt and u lieoritul of children. Story of a f‘ll'lllt‘l‘
who singlehandmlly finds homes for hundreds of Kori-an
war orphans.

26. Our tax laws make us dishonest. llow unfair tax laws
are causing a serious moral deterioration.

27. Venereol disease now a threat to youth. llow \'.l), is
spreading among lccn-agcrs and sane advice to victims.

28. Secy. Benson's faith in the American former. Why he
feels farmers. left alone. can often solve their own proli-
lcms lil‘lll‘l' than \l'ashiugton.

29. Your brain's unrealized powers. Scycn new lindin is In
help you use your brain more cllicicnlly.

30. Britain's indestructible “Old Man." What Sir \I'insion
(lhurchill is doing in retirement.

31. Are iurios giving away too much money? l";inl;islic
awards jlu'ics hand out hccausc they confusi- compuwion
wilh common sense.

32. My last best days on earth. In licr own \\ole :1 young
mother. learning shc had cunccr. tells how shi- docidml to
make this the “best your of ln-r Iifc."

33_ Foreignmid mania. Ilou lhc billions \\t"\’r- gin-n have
brought mainly disappointuncut, and higher lav-s.

34. Out where [at planes are born. Story of l'Illunrd ;\u-
lt‘til't't' llasc. whcrc lil,(l0il mcn llllllll’ \\ ind. sand and .pccd
liarricrs lo lil'l'p us suprcmc in thi- shy.

35. Life In those Unlted Slates. Humorous unccdotm rcu-ul.
ing quirks of human nature.

36. Men's most playful friend: the Land Otter. lnlivri-umg
facts about this amusing animal.

37. Why not a foreign-service career? lion our .\'lu|c llu.
parlmcnl lHlllllliillgflIi‘I'lgllﬁl'l'Vlt't‘lllIl'ili'l ivc loyoung llll'll.
38. A new deal in the old ﬁrehouse. llou llllt' ioun grit
lowr-r luxcs. g/iui/i r prolcclion combining lirc and police.
39. Crazy man on Clary Horse. Mrcl Ihc no”. “In”...
sluluc of an Indian will he the lurgcsl in luslory,

40. Their business Is dynamite. llow lhc manufacturi-of
lliis i-,\[ilosi\'c has lwcn llillill' onc of Ihc salt-sf Malibu-l...L
4i. His best customers are babies. How u linclmn «trump,
and a pint of innshcd pcas lu-cunn- l hc (ici'lu-r l'roduci -. ( ‘.,'
42. Smoky Mountain magic. “by lhis. our most urn-i...”
mounlain rangc. has IIIUl't‘ visitors Ihan any ulln-l‘.

43. Call for Mr. Emergency. him-l Ihc I'Imcrgcncy l‘ollco,
“ho gcl ll million New ‘i’orkcrs out of lrouhhn

44. Beauty by the mile. Ilov. landscape cnginci-rs piovu
roadside planting is lift-saving us \\cll as licuulifnl

45. Humor In unIIorm. 'l'rue stories of the funny sir“. Ur
life in our Armcd l“lll‘('l'.‘i.

46. Seven economic Iollncloc. 'l'lu- Aincricsn I‘Iconomic
lv‘ouudullon explodes misconceptions about our economy.

47. Admiral oi the Greek Oil Fleet. Slory of Stavros Niiir-
chos,who has won a fortune betting on-und carrying-coil.

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER I9. 1956

 

KW Kuwaiti...

Facts And Figures

For the benefit of all those in-
terested, Dragnet has won out again.
We now have all the facts on the
situation of football and its stand
both with the administration and
players.

Our story begins back in the
packed assemblies of budget last
year. when AMIA budget took the
stand. At that time. a line of some
two grand for equipment was in-
cluded which, alone. was equal to
the total sum of the budget. The de-
fendant, AMIA. with a strong con-
tingent of members in the assem-
bly was able to pass the budget
through the student association.
However. the line in question was
soon vetoed. The reasons for the
veto were that is is believed that
the students who participate in
football are not in tiptop condition.
the facilities are not the best for
playing. coaching is not on a high
par, and at times umpiring is not
quite excellent.

What can we do but agree?
Isolated Case

At the meeting of players in the

Varsity Keglers
Down Hudson
Valley Tech, 3-7

The State College Varsity Club
keglers continued on their winning
ways this Tuesday as they set down
the Hudson Valley Tech live by a
3—1 tally.

The Feds, who have yet to meet
their biggest foes~—RPI and Siena—~
were not able to produce any top
notch kegllng yet. Their poor show-
ing on the score sheet however was
overcome by the even lower scores
of their Capital District foes.

Kctchum Consistent

The brightest spot in this week's
rolling was the consistent perform-
ance of Joe Ketchum. last year’s
frosh ringer on the squad. Joe's cf-
forts Tuesday included a 171-171-
172 for a 514 triple. He was State's
only representative in the desired
“500" circle. His thirty frame tally
also went as best for the match.

High single honors for the three
games were taken by HVT Ottziti
with a. 185 mark listed beside his
name.

llVT Tallies First

The Hudson Valley boys were only
able to enjoy the first. game which
they captured by fifteen pins. ’l‘heir
egos rapidly dcflated howcvcr as the
Statesmen were at n 27 and 20 pin
advantage at the end of the middlc
and closing contests.

Ketchum had the backing of Gary
Adelson, Irv Peterson, Jim Lorie-
chio. and Tom Sullivan. who despite
their low scores came up beautifully
in the clutch.

Annual Fall Tennis
Tournament Begins

The annual fall tennis tourna-
ment is under way and first round
matches are now scheduled, All first
round matches must be played by
tomorrow. The second round must
be played no later than next Sat-
urday. If those scheduled to play do
not show up, n forfeiture will take
place so that the tourmuucnl may
Progress as planned.

Erickson Wins First Match

As this copy of the paper wr-ut to
Dress. only one match had been
played. In that match. Paul Erick~
son defeated Don l-‘teiul'urt in three
sets, 6-3, 4-6. 6—2.

Girls Gone with WAA~
Sorry Boys, No Dates Today.
Have 21 Smoke,

Go to the
And My

  

football league this week. it was
agreed that the rival fraternity
game between SLS and Potter Club
was an isolated case of exceptional
brutality and sub-par officiating.
This has been proven by the fact
that in all the other games thus
far, there has been a minimum of
injuries and officiating is much
better in most cases. This fact was
further proven in another rival
frat game this week between SLS
and APA. There were no injuries in
this game, and no major complaints
about officiating.
Around The Quad

Rivalry sports take a week off. So
we debate it in assembly today. . . .
Never let it be said that Adelphi
gets more spectators out to a sec-
ccr game than State. They had to
resort to a pack of Cub Scouts last
Saturday. The least they could do
for us is to get Girl Scouts. . . . The
Feds finally did it by whipping RPI.
The Engineers went back to Troy to
concentrate on basketballs alter
their 5-1 setback. . . . If you're hav-
ing trouble with homework. come
on out and study wrestling in the
Bru date rooms and lounges. . . .
The big thing of the week was the
score the Vets racked up against
the KB squad, 53-0. and a-hump
we go. . . ,

Nominations Start

For lM Proxy

Ross Dailey. Vice-President of
AMIA, has announced that there is
a vacancy for the office of AMIA
President. Nominations for this of-
fice will open today and will be open
until Thursday. Voting will take
place on Friday. October ‘26. All un-
dergraduate men are eligible to vote.
Also. a vacancy for one freshman
rmircscntativc to AMIA Council is
to be nominated and elected. The
nomination sheet will be on the
AMIA bulletin board.

spat: smug/u

The Spotlight becomes a little
brighter this week as its glow falls
on the blondc quarterback of the
Potter Club. ’l‘om Brierly. Tom's
contribution to the Club's 29-0 win
over the Humps Monday perhaps
could be considered a "somewhat"
important one, Offensivcly and dc-
fcnsiycly the Humps found but one
obstacle to victory——Bricrly. A thir-
tccn yard pass to Millett, a 20 yard
flip to the same receiver and a suc-
cessful extra point attempt made
the score read Bricrly 13. Humps 0.
After a safety it was Bricrly to
Benton for a TD; Bricrly to Benton
for a PAT; Bricrly to Fierro for six
more. While rcsiing he also inter-
cepted five passes,

Runncr-up honors go to John
Spanrgarcn —Hiram Walker's find
in the end zone who caught the
pass that broke the tic between APA
and SLS.

JOE’S BARBER SHOP

53 N. Lake Ave..
Ncar Washington Ave.
‘3 BARBERS
We Aim To Please

 

 

 

 

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Phone 6-8610

 

 

SNACK BAR -~
a Coke!

 

PAGE 7

Peels Take On Plattsburg fter
Breaking Even ln Week's Play

By DAVE MILLER

Bobby Backer and company will
lead a mob of Peds with a. punch
into tomorrow's game in the North-
lands when the terrifying scholars
from Albany State take on the
Plattsburg hopefuls on the north-
erner’s home grounds.

Bob made his season total six in
Wednesday's thriller when he broke
the game wide open with three of
the five goals scored in State’s 5-1
win over guest RPI.

Saturday last was a different
story as the Fed faithful saw the
Purple take It on the chin by a
4-2 score from a scrappy Adelphi
squad on the winner's grass. Everett

  


r

Weiermiller tallied both State goals
in a loosing cause as his mates
couldn't penetrate the bulk of the
Panther netmlnder Hyman while
Tito Guglielmone savod 12 in a
valiant effort in the face of a strong
yellow attack.

Shakeup Brings Results

Joe Garcia shook his lineup well
before using in the hope that the
well-conditioned squad would come
out of the doldrums and pulled

what looked to be a close game out
of the fire to notch the RPI wln
before a scattering of fans in the
stands. Those who were not too busy
in their homes or dorms counting



    

.TAKES TWO T0 ’l‘ANGLE. The RP] goalie and an RP] player
collide in mid-air in the process of sending the ball down ﬁeld. Gordon

Lazeroff ii.) and Robert Backer tr.) of State watch play.

their money missed the action of
the tight game in which a total of
17 fouls were called on the two
teams.

Talented Joe Hickey again spark-
plugged the Garciamen when he
rang up a marker prior to the lone
Adelphl score. Bob Backer got this
one back at the 18:20 spot to con-
clude the afternoon’s scoring ac-
tivities.

New Award

State College News this week in-
augurates a new procedure of rec-
ognizing the top three players in
the game with an award called the
THREE STAR AWARD. This gives
the best ballplayer of the game a
three star award. the second best
two star award. and third best one
star award. Saturday's game was
the first in which this award was
given. the three star award going
to Dickranian of Adelphi, the sec-

ond to Everett Weiermlller. and the
one star to Lou Delsignore.

Wednesday’s game showed the
three star going to Lou Delsiguore
with the second spot to Paul Dam-
mer and the third to Bob Backer.

Bench bits: Wednesday's
game was well covered by the press
and radio as at least three officials
from these places were present and
the game televised. in part . . . there
was some doubt as to whether the
players outnumbered the spectators.
. . . the Purple will come home to
face Middlebury on Wednesday after
putting a. 2-1 record on the line at
Plattsburg. . . . don’t look now, but
isn't that the basketball season
creeping up behind?

 

CLOCKS

RADIOS

ASII TRAYS

ZO~HZD1—I-l>

 

CIIESS & CIIECKER SETS

POCKET SECRETARIES

to see our

NEW LINE

of

Gifts

IRONS

LAMPS

PLAYING CARDS

Coo-op

PIIONOGRAPHS

DESK

State College

You owe it to yourself

ACCESSORIES

S
T
A
T
E
S
M
E
N

 

 

