 

 

 

 .ed‘rrd"

       
   
    
      
   
  
        
    
  

 
 

 

    

PAGE 2

Fraternities vs Individuality . . .

“No really brilliant student who is mature and psy-
chologically whole could possibly become a member of a
fraternity nowadays, any more than he could join the Ku
Klux Klan, or one of those clubs whose only requirement
is the mailing of a cereal box top.” This was a statement
made by Sloan Wilson in an article last month in the
American Weekly section of the Times Union. In Wilson’s
biased opinion fraternities stulified the growth of the indi-
vidual. He accused members of being immature youths.

After looking at the fraternity and sorority picture
here at State we believe that Mr. Wilson writes under a
gross misconception. We do agree that majority opinion
has to overcome individual opinion but this is an accepted
fact in all organizations, in the Congress of the United
States down to the most minor committee meeting. We
can not all be individuals all of the time. In order to get
something accomplished we must first discuss it and then
act upon what the majority of people think to be best.
If each one of us tried to remedy the situation by his own
means, confusion would result. Therefore, for our own
good or pleasure we must at times submit our individuality
to the majority opinion.

By making this logical concession we reap many bene-
fits. We do gain what Mr. Wilson phrases “a sense of be-
longing.” One of the greatest fears of a freshman is that
he won’t be accepted by his peers. In a fraternal organi-
zation you not only gain a sense of nearness with your
brothers but you also learn to cooperate with members of
other organizations and independents. Your fraternity
acts as the organizing force and also enkindles a loyalty
to the group.

This spirit of loyalty is also a basic part of youth. We
are very emotional and need an outlet for this emotion
and aggression. Sororities and fraternities provide this
outlet. It is much better for us to support a recognized
group than a subversive group.

Fraternal organizations are also a testing ground for
scoial etiquette. It is here that students can find a super-
vised evening of socializing with members of the opposite
sex. At teas and buffets students have an opportunity to
meet the faculty on an informal basis.

We think that too often the loyalty to the group and
rushing of new members is exaggerated to the detriment
of the entire group. The negative opinions of these organi-
zations are over emphasized and their advantages are
minimized.

Fraternity rushing began this week and sorority rush-
ing begins next week. Do not be afraid to join one of these
groups, you will not lose your individuality. The greatest
problem is selecting the group where you can best express
your ideas. Examine each group and judge wisely.

The Drawing Card . . .

Last Sunday Music Council proved two points about
public relations between Albany State and the residents
of Albany. First of all it proved that outsiders will come to
our affairs and secondly it showed us the method to use.

At the jazz concert one hundred and twenty tickets
were sold to non-students. We feel that this was due to
the fact that Music Council offered an interesting and
popular program and that they publicized it well in the
Albany area.

Music Council is to be congratulated for this perform—
ance and we think that other organizations can profit by
following its example.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESIABLISHED MAY I9I6

BY THE CLASS OF I9I8

 

my“ plum 059A Second l’lncc ACI’

VOL. XLI
Members oi the NEWH filiill IIllIy or rvncni-il Monthly and Wtrllliltul,” “U”, I, m

If pin uiid 'l'uesuiiy from it to U pm, iii Ll itiiltil, Ext ll Phone-i Latin-me 3 also
Helilolthiiiiber Zvlililz, Klimpi Z-Uu'lo

Nlit't'lllljifl' lli', liliili No. 22

Thu undergraduate newspaper oI llli' New York Sliiic trollegc ioi' 'ic.ichcii.,
published every Friday of the (Juneau Jr“ to Um NEWS “(Iiilll tor the Hillilunl
Articulation.

MAuUIA LAWRENCE ' - I'ldltiir-iirCliicI
“um,” YAN'N," . . - » I'ulillc Itelutloiiii Iulliur
MAIIY ANN HCIII.()'I"I'IIAllllMt - - ‘ - - ltusliicm itilvcrtlnliiu Manager
JOYCE RII‘JVI‘JIIMANN - ' ' ' ' ' ‘ (Iliculutiull luilltul
MAINE IH'J'I"I'MI‘JII itniioelutu ludlliir
JOillCI'II HZAIIHK - - ' ' ' ' ‘ ' ' «\vmulute ladllor
AII'I’IIUII PIJI'I‘NIK - ‘ ' ' ' ' ‘ ' - Feature Editor
ItillII'JIt'I‘ KAMI‘I’ ' ' ‘ ‘ ' ' Hnorts Editor

JOSEPH HWIEIIZOWSKI - - - - lfiiiisulluut Sports Editor
WILLARD HILLIJ'I'I'I'J - - - ’ - — - - h‘liiil I‘butuuriipiicr

All coiniiiiinicullonii should be addrulsed to the editor and must he signed. Nuiiicn

v1.1” i", “would on request. The S'I'A’I'lt‘ (JULLEUE NEWS ltooilllltl-‘i no responsibility
for opiiiiom cxlucnncd lll Its column: or culnmuniuulluiit. in: web expiensiuim do not

necessarily ruileet its views.
(«as»)

 

v.

 

l KW‘W l

By ART PALAZZOLO

PALACE

You Can’t Run Away From It
with June Allyson and Jack Lem-
mon. In Clnemascope and Techni-
color. A light-hearted comedy. Jack
Lemmon's never failed to please in
the past and this is no exCeption.
Also showing is A Woman’s Devo-
tion with Paul Henried, Janice Rule
and Paul Meeker. In Trucolor—for
those of you who care about such
things.

STRAND

Friendly Persuasion with Gaiy
Cooper, Dorothy McGuire and An-
thony Perkins. A fine and tender
movie about a Quaker settlement
during the Civil War. A good eve—
ning's entertainment. The second
feature is Calling llomicide with
Bill Elliot.

MADISON

The Solid Gold Cadillac with Judy
Holliday and Paul Douglas. An ex-
cellent comedy based on the Broad-
way play of the same name. Also
showing is Miami Expose.
DELAWARE

The Life and Music of Gulseppi
Verdi. Featured in this picture are
such operatic stars as Mario Del
Monaco and Tito Gobi of the Met
and La Scala. Sprinkled through
the story of Verdi's life are arias
from "Aida," "La Traviata." "Otel-
10," “Il 'I‘rovatore" and “Rigoletto.”
A must. for opera lovers. and those
who. (like us) can’t sit through a
whole opera. will be delighted by
the selection of familiar arias.
Special student rates are sixty cents
With student tax card.

Bus Stop with Marilyn Monroe
and Don Murray. The second feat-
ure is Frontier Scout with Tony
Martin. (Who'h

60mman

To the Editor:

The music council should be con-
gratulated on its fine choice of the
music group which appeared in last
Sunday's jazz concert. I think that
the students here at State should
also be congratulated on the way
they l'('CCl\’C(l these musicians and
the kind attention they afforded
them. This concert not. only broad-
cned the interests of the students.
but set forth a fine example of
State Spirit.

li‘rom speaking to the musicians,
l was informed that iii no other
concert, club date. or engage-
ment at which they performed were
they received so woll. ’I‘hcir delight
come forth in their iiiuslc and the
pcrl‘ornnmcc. When the musicians
were preparing to leave, Mr. Wind-
ing said. "Have iis buck zigitiiiwrcul
soon!" This is a true testament of
how much ill. home llic students
made these iiiiisicuins i’ccl.

Ziicliaric .I. Clements '59

l Recon! Reaiew

Ity FRANK VI'J'I'USKY

lilcs to Watch

l’nlicncc iiiid l’i'ndcncc will soon
have you humming io their new
plnttci' "(ionmi (it'l. Along Without
You Now." ".Iusl in 'i‘inu-“ by ’l‘ony
licnnctl. seems in he gnlhci‘nig
sli'l'llHtll. l’ci'i'y (.‘omo's "(7liliichci'~
inchcc" is smiling lo cliiiih.
Albums in Review

"Ski 'l‘i'uils." ii iicw nlliiiin i'clcuse
by .Jo Htlllllil'll, ll‘nllll't‘h sonic oi llll'
hcsl. Stilllillll'llh which dcscrihc llic
wnilci sci-ni- in Allli'l'li'il Miss
Fliiii'ord bi-nuiilnlli' and simply
styles such llllllllit‘l‘h in. "Moonlight
In Vermont" and "Sleigh Itidc“ III
the puckiigc ‘l'liis collection is very
ciisy llslciilni'.

tiood lli'\\h, Kiii Winding inns!
'l'hc scplcl has it new album l‘l'llflihl‘
culled "'l'lic ’l‘roiiibonc Sound." The
group phiycd sonic oi lhc numbers
included in the album of Hon eon~
cci'l. lust. i-liindny Miiny oi you JuM
addicts will really dig this li'ozcn
wax.

h‘llii l"il/.i;ci'.lld llll(l Louis Ai‘iii-
strong hutc combined their tnlciils
to piodiice onc ol the best jnzr.
llllllllllh il\llllitl)li' "lt‘llu iind Louis"
is the tillc.

Siiuck Itur It'uvoritcs

l. “lloiiky 'i‘onk" Ill. l)lii-’,i~'.i‘ll,i

a. "Singing llic lilucs" ((i. Mllcliclli
."(irecn llooi'” oi. Lowm

"liliiclici‘i‘y llill" ll" lloiiinioi
.“llilllc Mun Ill (.lhiniitown" 1.}.
Lowe;

 

 

 

C.

..

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. 1956

. .. ... «I... mu"... .g

....... .w.» “mun... . 0.. ,......r.

M

  

  

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Gammon-SW

By I’AGII'JAS and MCEVOY

 

   

I’rovvrli—Itcst is for the dead.

\"EItDAI. BOIIQL‘E’I‘S

A job well done is ll mild way of describing the elicits of our soccer
Lenin this your. The Fed bootcrs 6 win 3 loss season was brought to it
close last Saturday afternoon. Saturday's game cndcd the college soc-
ccr career of :i number of Seniors. These men have done a lot for State
and will be sorely missed.

It has been said that, “One must love sports to play for State."
Athletes here ‘ll. State rcccit'c disproportioinitcly little reward for their
great efforts. To those men who in cold and ruin spent hours of prac-
tice, weekends on trips, sustained injuries and played their hearts out
before too often meager crowds. we extend our heartfelt thanks.

SPON’I‘ANEOIIS (JOMDIES’I‘ION

Could be the heat generated at the Residence Council-Off ‘ampus
residents meeting carried up Western Avenue and facilitated Becker the
Wreckers work on the proposed new site for the dormitories. What the
State was slow in accomplishing, ll simple little thing like ﬁre facilitated.
Maybe the rest of the houicr; on the site will go before another pyro—
iniiiiiac becomes inspired.

SILENI‘E IS GOLDEN

Wc're wonrlcring why we linvcn'l. llilfl any letters to the Editor from
the Student Union Board in answer to our queries.

The nilcndnncz- lit the i'iibuloi's juzz concert sponsored by Music
Council proved how wrong Studciii Union Board is in their philosophy
of barring outsiders. There were over 120 tickets sold to outsiders for
this concert. It was ll huge success and no doubt these visitors spread
the Word. Another point, why didn't SUB :illow dancing at the jazz
concert? Il's sort of hard lo sit still listening to music like that.

Everyone at State pays for the Union. lhc arrangement being that
rules governing ii. are made by the group in charge SUB. Why weren‘t
the sludcnts consulted before this selective law was put into effect?

Why not scll one your llll‘llllli‘l'Slllle lo tlc- Union to any outsidc
collcge students.J

.\'l"l‘EN'l‘lON El)l'(‘.-\’l‘l()l\':\l. HONORARIES
You might iiol. bc aware of this but lhis wcck was Nulioinil Educa-
tion chk. Considering lhc Aczidcmic llliLl'l'l‘ of this school . . .

IIOW ABOI'T A NEW HAND “OK

(in Novcmbci 3 the State hoop squad will make iis debut. The [coin
and the schedule of competition look cxci-plioniil. In lhc past lhc crowds
for home games have bccn morc llnin ciipiicilv llii‘ Page llilll. We pre-
viously mcnlioncd thc iisc oi the New Scotland Avcnuc Armory or pos-
‘lllly l.hc l"lllll'lll.’i('_\' (iyiii. The only conli'nry opinion which we have
lli‘ill'(l is ihul lioili llicsc phiccs ni'c loo (llnllllll', lo gci n Slailc crowd.

Which Will it lll‘ Ihis ycui' standing on stillll'lilll"S slioiildcrs to see u
“,lillli‘ in l’ugc or :i nicogcr crowd iIi :i big gyrn‘.‘ Wiml it should bc is :i
big crowd in it big gym. 'l'liis ycur‘s [cum and coinpelllion are the mw
mull-rials llil' gi‘cnl public rclzilionr. Why p:i.~.s il. up?
QI'ES'I‘ION Olv‘ THE WEEK

Wllll'll desk in lhc l)l':lj:;'l‘ j:cri:.lyic “1” il hc ioi' _\(ill a trip lo
(,‘uiiip Dippikill oi' ll'llllS|ilil‘l:llhill honic loi' 'l‘lninksgii‘nig'}

 

College Calendar

 

FRIDAY. NOVI'IMIIEII iii

0 fill it lll Ahscclcc Voiio in. ('.ilil|ill.\ QIIl'l'Il lllllll -| pin . l.o\\ci'l)r;ipci

iii no :ini Hindi-ill (‘oniomi Ill iczilui‘ing IJ&A Aiiihulcr. one ucl. ploy.
l'u'ci- llnll

if no pm All .‘ilnli' Nliilil Al'lHllll'h, ili'ulmchci' Mulli liming llooin

S;\'I‘I'|tl).'\\’. NIWI'ZMIIEII 17
ill illl uni lliinli‘y ’l'i'uck unil l'icld l‘:\i'lll.\ lioi'ni Eli-Id
'l Illl pni (loinplis Night l'i'Iiill'iiiil. l‘iigc llull.

SI'NDAI’. NOVEIIIIIIu'It Ill

ll Jill n Ill lliises leave llil' (,‘ollcgc ('uuip 'I‘our. lli'iilinchcr liull.

15:00 pm licln 'lmtii l"iicnliy ’l'cu, .‘iilil Htllll‘ Slrccl.

o l1ii|riii lillllll‘l'iill Sliidciil A:..-.oclul.lon Mccling. llili (Icnli'iil Avcniic

o oo pin Signm anlidu Sigimi ()pcn lioi-se ioi' Slailcsincn, loo South
Luke AVl'lillc

’1 iii] pin (.luiilci'bin‘y (lliili Mei-ling, (.‘iiihcdi‘nl (illllll lloiise

MONDAY. NOVEMIII-Ilt I!)

7.30 pm Hocicly oi ()rilicul 'lhoughl Mccling. lli‘ubiichci' lliill.

is 30 pin Huniinii Kiippn (loilce lliilll‘ ioi' Men of l’otlci' Club, 293
Western Avenue

’l‘lFI'JSDAY. NOVEli‘IItElt :50

1000 li.lll. Sophomore (.llnss Mceinig, l)l‘il]ll'l' .‘Hll.

ll:lill pin Knpiai Mu Mei-ting llrubiichci' llnll.

WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 15
llbll iirii. 'i‘lniiiksgiving ltcccss Iii-gins.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 16. I956

   

PAGE 3

 

 

71w 3pm Mimi

 

By ART PLOTNIK

This is the friendly column. This
is one of those fragment personal
columns. This is the kind of column
that lmpells you to climb the high-
est mountain. turn your counten-
ance to the wind and the heavens,
throw up your arms, and get sick.
News Of The Week In Review

Last Sunday, State College was
entertained by a personality as fam-
ous, exciting. and agreeable as any
other entertainer at State ever was
or ever will be. Kai Winding can
only be spoken of as the most sup-
erlativist. The modern idiom of jazz,
which beforehand had lacked the
near-universal appreciation it so de-
serves. was presented and accepted
with a mature enthusiasm that
showed signs of being eternal in the
hearts of the Statesman. Hooray for
Kai!

Thousands of cigarettes were con—
sumed at last Monday's IFC smok—
er. This is a wonderful way to keep
the number of fraternities at a
minimum. since an estimated nine
out of every ten rushees die of lung
cancer each year. We might also re-
quest that the fiend who put the
reefers in with the other cigarettes
reveal himself; seventy-five new ad-
dicts have been anxious to find a
salesman.

Let's all join hands and recite
some poetry. Like a parody of
Shakespeare:

When in disgrace with Fortune and
Dcans' eyes.

I all alone beweep my outcast fate

And trouble deiii' advisors with my
fruitless cries

And look upon myself and curse A.
State.

Yet in these thoughts myself almost
despising,

Hztply I think on thee, and then,
my date,

Like the drunken head at break of

day arising,
I still more feel my pains and won-
der why you're late.
Late News Flash
Some old meanie stole Peggy's
chair at Washington Tavern. Peggy,
of course, is the waitress there. and
she demanded that we print her
plea for Justice. I wouldn‘t dare
print something like this. Besides,
I need the chair.

DelegatesAiiend
lCA Conference
Al Buffalo State

The Inter-Collegiate Association
Commission of Albany State Col-
lege is sending four delegates. David
Kendig '57, Marilyn Leach ’58, and
Paul Ericson and Claudia Allcock,
Sophomores to Buffalo State Teach-
ers College for the annual ICA con-
ference today through Sunday, an-
nounces Joseph Szarek '58. Chair—
man.

The Association, composed of ten
State Teachers Colleges. will discuss
at various meetings topics of mutual
interest, and methods which may be
employed to more closely unify the
ten colleges.

ICA Purpose

ICA has been in existence for
eieven years. The purpose of ICA is
to foster closer relations among the
State Teachers Colleges, and to re-
flect to the State University the
feelings of the students of the mem-
ber colleges as a whole. Materials
from the leading colleges in the
United States and information on
the State University are in the pos-
session of the local commission

Student Work Parties Continue

Construction At

\' i  I: v

'4’“-

In the above photograph.

Camp Dippildll

may..."

      
 

\

The latest addition to the (‘ollege Camp. 3 Wash House, Is shown

Greek Societies
Sponsor Events

This coming week three of State's
Greek organizations are sponsoring
affairs and West House is planning
an open house.

Sigma Lambda Sigma, located at
155 South Lake Ave., will hold an
open house on Sunday from 5 to 8
pm. Alan Hutchinson ’57 is Presi-
dent.

Beta Zeta will sponsor a faculty
tea on Sunday afternoon from 3 to
5 pm. at their house on 389 State
Street, announces Nancy Louprette
‘57. President of this organization.

Monday night Gamma Kappa Phi
will offer a coffee hour at 8:30 pm.
for the men of Edward Eldred Pot-
ter Club. Leading this sorority is
June Studley ’57.

West House, a women’s dormitory
on Western Avenue. is holding its
first open house Sunday from 3 to
5 pm. This is one of the new houses
purchased this past summer by the
college.

Camp Board Conducts Sunday Tour Ol- Campsite;
Students Plan Vacation Work Parties To Dippildll

A tour of the College Camp.
Camp Dippikill, will be conducted
on Sunday by the College Camp
Board. Buses for the trip will leave
Brubacher at 8:30 a.m.. returning
at 6 pm. Tickets for transportation
may be purchased for $2.00 in Low-
er Draper today iroin 9 am. to
4 p.m.

The Camp was purchased last
year by the student body to be used
for both educational and recrea-
tional purposes. Consisting of 700
acres. it is located approximately
eight miles north of Warrensburg.
Located in the middle of the prop-
erty is Dippikill Pond. after which
the Camp has been temporarily
named. The pond is approximately
50 acres in size. The temporary
campside, which is located about

 

 

Don’t Be A Cold TURKEY

 

Bring Home A Gift THIS

(Shanksgioing

Your CO'OP Carries

Children’s:

Jackets
T-Sliirls

SW éatsliirls
Pajamas

Bibs

All sizes In ill children from 2 years old lo I4 years old.

 

i1 mile from the Lake. at present
includes one farmhouse with an ad-
dition (built by the studenLSi, a
warehouse, and five tents with plat-
forms lalso built by students). The
addition on the house is to be used
permanently as a dining hall and
a recreation area. With cooking fa-
cilities and sleeping quarters in the
house thirty people can be accommo-
dated on the campsite.

POSsible uses of the Camp, as
enumerated by Camp Board, fall
into three categories: Recreational,
Educational and Conferences. Some
of the types of recreation which
will be available are: skiing. hunt-
ing, swimming, fishing, boating,
hiking. camping, picnics, and
horseback riding.

The educational uses to which the
Camp will be put are: field trips,

projects, conservation education.
leadership training in outdoor rec-
reation. camping administration,

methods and techniques of instruc—
tion.

The Camp can also be used for
Conference groups such as Student

Honorary Fraternity
Holds Firsi Meeting

Margaret Jelley '57. President of
Alpha Epsilon, the honorary frat-
ci‘iiity. announces that the first
meeting of the year will be Thurs-
day. November 29, at the college.

Edward John Subol, Coordinitor
of Field Services, will speak on
closed circuit TV. Officers will be
elected at this ineetii g. and a ten-
tative agenda for the year will be
planned.

 

‘ I I ,
Felicia sBeauly Salon
ﬁll-A No. Lake. Ave.
lNl‘lil' Washington Avei
"JIMMY"—~ Hair Stylist
'l‘clcplioiic 3-9749

—COL()NIAL-

Central Avenue Nciir Oiiiill St.

 

 

 

l"rl.-Sut. Nov. Iii-17
Marilyn Monroe in
BUS S’I‘OI’

Tony Martin in
QUINCANNON,
FRONTIER SCOU’I‘
Friday from 6:30 pm.

Silt. ll‘lilll 1 pm. Conlni.

 

Slur-Mon. Nov. Iii-Iii
Audie Murphy - Annc Bancroft
Walk The Proud Land
also V
THE SCARLE" ‘ IIOUlt
Sim. from 2 pm. Coiilin.
Monday from 6:30 pin.

 

’I‘iies.-I‘I'ciI.-'l‘liiirs. Nov. 20—21-22
BAD SEED
Nancy Kelly ‘ Pat McCoriiiuck
IIE LAUGIIED LAST
l"l'lilll{li‘ Luiiie - Lucy Marlowe
rlilo-Wed. from 6:30 pm.
Thurs. from I p.111. Contin.

 

 

Association agencies, faculty groups,
alumni groups and others.

Camp Board has set up certain
rules for purposes of safety and also
to govern the use of the property.
It is recommended that anyone go-
ing up to the Camp become ac-
qualnted with these rules prior to
their trip. Some of the rules are as
follows:

1. All activities taking place at
the Camp are subject to Camp
Board's approval.

2. Activities without precedent
must be approved by the Board.

3. All organizations, unorganized
groups, or individuals must fill out
a registration blank in the Student
Personnel Office twenty-four hours
before departure for approval. Those
going only for a day may check out
through Brubacher.

4. Rules governing conduct on
campus will be extended to the
Camp. Girls staying overnight must
have written permission from home.
Eleven o’clock bedtime hours are
i-ecorrunended.

5. All fires Will be built only in
designated spots. When away from
the major camp area, persons must
not be alone.

6. All injuries and breakage of
equipment will be reported in writ-
ing to the board via the SPO.

7. No living plants or animals can
be collected without Board permis-
.‘ilUll.

Violators of any of these rules
may have their privilege of Camp
use revoked. This applies to groups
as well as to individuals.

Thought Society Meets
Io Discuss Hungary

The Society of Critical Thought
will meet in Brubacher, Monday, at
7:30 pm, announces Edward
Strauss '57.

The topic will be “The Break
Through." concerning the recent
revolutionary events in Hungary and
the continuing struggle of Hungary
to establish rcul democracy and
throw off her Russian oppressors.
The discussion will be student led.

 

Sunday night
when you

come back here

Look for the

SNACK BAR

l'l"LL STILL
BE HERE!

a.

 

 

  

