 

 

 

PAGE 2

Congratulations; Myside . . .

This Week we would like to commend
Myskania for its presentation of a plan
for compulsory assemblies.

Last year a committee was organized out
of Myskania to look into the matter of com-
pulsory assemblies and to present a plan,
but this matter was not pursued with any
great diligence and the matter died on its
feet. This fact, we believe, has been respon-
sible, in great part, for the gradual lessen-
ing of contacts about which we spoke last
week.

Myskania has presented a plan which will
not only increase student interest in as-
semblies, but will be highly beneficial to
the students. Besides the legislative convo-
cations a guest speaker will highlight these
programs, perhaps once a month. These
speakers will be chosen with an eye to their
cultural value and also for general appeal.

When considering a plan of this sort, one
must also allow for an effective means of
enforcement; this is the reason for the loss
of quality points for unexcused absences.
You must also look at this plan as merely
temporary. It could be changed later on if
you feel your attendance nullifies the ele-
ment of compulsion. However, with any new
practice, an interest must be built up first.
Only by compelling students to attend all
assemblies can we judge the various cur-
rents of opinions. We feel that college stu-
dents are capable enough of making their
own decisions as to which assemblies they
wish to attend, but in order to judge what
is best for you, you must attend them all for
a time and then make your decision. Re-
member, that you, as members of Student
Association, have the right to change any-
thing you wish, but we also feel that you
are not qualified unless you give these as-
semblies a chance.

Today in compulsory assembly the plan
will be presented by Myskania. It won't be
voted on until next week. We feel you owe
it to yourself to attend assembly and hear
your plan. Next week, the News will pre
sent this plan along with recommendations
from Student Council for your discretion.

selves adults,

group and is

tastes.

College Calendar

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 17

10:00 a.m. Compulsory SA Assembly, Page Hall.
9:00 pm. Alpha Pi Alpha "Show Boat," Ten Eyck.

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 18

 

1:30 pm. State Fair Publicity, Brubaclier.

2:00 p.m. Lutheran Skating Party. St. John‘s Church.

8:30 pm. "The Crucible," Page Hall.

9:00 p.m. Sigma Lambda Sigma, “Down Through the Years," Ten Eyck.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 19

3:00 pm. Art Exhibit and Coffee Hour, Brubachcr Upper Lounge.
7:00 p.m. Hillel Purim Party. Congregation Oliav Sholcrii.
7:30 pm. Canterbury Club Meeting, St. Andrews Church.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 20

12 noon Collegiate Singers. R 201).

TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 21

10:00 am. Junior Class Meeting. D349.

10:00 am. Distributive Education Club Meeting, D147.

10:00 am. Commerce Club Meeting. D141.

8:00 pm. AD Lab Plays, D349.

THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 23

4:00 pm. Dr. Arieh L. Plotkln, Brubacher Upper Lounge.
7230 p.m. IVCF‘ Meeting. Brubaclicr.

7:30 pm. Alpha Epsilon Meeting, llrubaclier.

8:30 pm. Faculty Concert, Page Hall.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS
ESTABLISHED MAY i916

BY THE CLASS OF 1918

 

First Place CSPA First Place ACP
VOL. XLI February 17, 1050 No.
Miiubei‘s oi the NEWS stall may be I'l'lli‘lll'il 'l'u'wdiiy and Wednesday from 7 lo
11 pm at 2-1ili2ll, Ext 11 I'lqtiiieu Lawrence ill-31120. Sinllli Fi-tltliil, Yiiniiob ll—liiiiili,
Sciilotthuubei 12-00125, Hwi‘ti’litiwhkl :i-iilHil
'I'lie undergraduate newspaper oi the New York State College tor 'l‘eaclierii.
published every Friday of the College yeui by [its NEWS liourd ior the Student
Association
MARCIA IAWIIENCE
THOMAS SMI'I'II
AILEEN C(HillltANl-I
KEITII YANIHIII - - -
MARY ANN SCI!l.()'l"l‘il.\lll|I-;lt
JOYCE MEYEIIMANN r -
MARIE IM‘JT'I‘MI‘ZR Associate Editor
JOi-il'll'll S'IMUII‘IK - - - ‘ - - Associate Editor
JOSEI'II SWIEEZOWSK - - - - - - - - - Sports Editor
JOIIN ItI‘JINI‘JII-‘l ~ - - - < - - - thocinte Feature Editor
“m
WILL/UH) “ILLE'I‘TE - - - ‘ - - - HtuiI Photographer
All communicutloua should be addressed to the editor and IIIIIhL he signed. Names
will be within-id on request The S'l‘A'l'E COLLEGE NEWS iisniunes no responsibility
for (ipliillitlu expressed in its columns or commutilcutlons, as Milli expressions no not

lit'lilfﬁbillliV rollocl its views.

I;

t‘o-Ediiorvin»(?hief
lio-Editor-in-(‘iilef

- Executive Editor

— I'ublir Ih'liltionn Editor
IquIueun Advertiuinu Editor
- - Circulation: Editor

 

 

 

it's Your Show . . .

Tomorrow night Dramatics and Arts
Council will present the Hobart College pro-
duction of The Crucible in Page Hall. A
month ago D&A presented a set of readings
by Eva La Gallienne. At this .
a precedent was set—the auditorium was
comparatively empty for the performance.
Only the center section was occupied and
this audience included many outside VlS-
itors. This was probably due to the fact
that the performance was held during exam
week. We hop I

Imagine the impression this great artist
must have gotten of our student body. She
had traveled all day and spent many hours
preparing her readings. Then only a hand:
ful appeared to receive her. In a corner of
her mind she probably labeled State as un—
appreciative of the higher arts. Yet we
verbally claim that this is not true.

For degree requirements we are all aware
of the forty-three hours of general courses
we must take. This is to provide us with a
broad base of learning on which to build
our major and minor studies. As teachers
we should strive for a varied “cultural”
background. D&A is giving us an oppor-
tunity to do this. One way to prove our-

erformance

e SO.

appreciative of good drama,

is by supporting this D&A production.
We can prove that we have not reached
these standards by sitting in the Union
all night and listening to the newest "Rock
and Roll" record.

If we don‘t support the D&A functions
we might justas well cut them out of the
budget instead of increasing their budget,
as has been suggested. D&A is a student

interested in presenting the

type of program that we demand. Our at—
tendance at D&A performances in past
years has indicated that we did appreciate
good drama. Maybe we have changed our

A well-attended performance tomorrow
evening would indicate to the players that
we do appreciate good drama. It would also
show D&A that we want them to continue
and perhaps increase their presentations.

6’me

To the Editor:

In regard to last week's commu-
nication which appeared in tlils
column, we can agree with the au-
thor to some extent that cultural
enrichment would be desirable,
though we doubt that this would
bring about a State Field House or
further public relations. The letter
in question seems to follow a rather
faiiilliar pattern of big words and
little action, and the seeking ot' im-
provement. through more expendi-
ture.

We are urged to contribute $4 per
person to have professionals dis-
play tlieir talents before State.
Might it not be better by far to pro—
vidc more opportunity for State. stu-
dents to display their own abilities?

We \vould suggest rather an al-
ternative l'or this (‘Xllctldltlll'tlrmilltlL
of putting the money toward im~
proveinciit of the athletic program.
in this way, with a continual tilting
of the State facilities iPiigei raili-
er than an occasional crowd for a
guest artist, we feel our pica for .l
field house Would be better substi-
tutcd. This is based on it compari-
son of the crowd at. any one of
State's home basketball games as
opposed to the following of Eva Le-
(lallicne at State. It is felt that
hockey has doiic more lor li.P.l.‘s
l"iel(i House than the yearly ap-
pcaruiice of the Boston Pops. 11
State coitld attract. the 3,000 per-
sons following it losing Sicna ball
club, the case for a field house
would be much enhanced. 'i'hen, too,
State students Would not. just be
spectators, but participants.

It is felt. that ii display of State
College talent Would do more llil'
public relations than Stntc students
bearing lhe cost. oi a display oi
professional talent. Syndication in
all papers of a basketball score cat'—
i'ying the name of our school seems
more valuable than a small article
in one or No local papers about .i
pi'oicssional using State College la»
cilitics. This also implies that. at—
traction ol' high school seniors
whose calibre would be beneficial
to State College.

(Continued on Page .1, (‘oliinni ll

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 17. 1956

By MONAIIAN

 

Gama-Stat”

 

and KLEINKE

 

“if we shadows have offended,
we suppose we should be sorry."

NOT A NEW NUISANCE

Once upon a time, Percival Fagley, a Sophomore at Trivium Tech.

went to the co-operative sooth-sayer

The Robber Baron at the Book Lists
were gone; he would have to wait.

's to get a textbook for Alchemy IV.

told him that all the alchemy books
He did; a fortnight passed; classes

came; our hero went—unprepared. He went forth again tc the co-op, but
the books had not yet arrived from the publisher tin Kievillei. Mid-sems
came—Percival went the way of all flesh. Soon after, he learned that
all the Alchemy IV texts were in Linibonia. Too late. Finals were here.

Percy fiunked.

Moral: there is none (we‘re not

ENTERTAINMENT BY EXPRESS

Harriet and Beecher Stowe).

No. the Hobart Players are not a visiting basketball team. They are

a dramatics group, a very capable

one. We hear that there are some

twenty of them. Let's hope that they don't outnumber the audience. It.

would be kicking D&A in the teeth . . .

WERE YOI.’ ()NE'.’
The STANDING (.‘oiiiiiiitiee on

again.

Assembly SEATING is not, LYING

down on the Job, in case you're not. one ol' the handful who noticed

last week.

I’I.()I)I)IN(i‘i ANI) ()R I’R:\N(‘IN(i

State College joins Eastern Standard and Greenwich Mean: it. has a
time of its own. But State College Time is the time of the liberal
thinker mno two clocks agree. Oiic sleepy-eyed freshman rushed into
her eight o'clock class, saw that she was either four hours early or Illlll
been out of school for an hour. She left. She had the right idea.

LIFE IS VERY DIFFEREN'I‘

The semester has begun: things are back to normal. The. library
tull ot studious ones; the peristyles are full ol' runners; the Ct)lllliiiiii:~.
is tull oi cigarettes, Coke, class-cutters and common man characters

Alli), MI'L'I‘II‘LI’, SOI'ARI'I

Rumor has it. that. the new building will be called New Richardson
Anyone around here long enough may sec New Draper Extension Annex

Wing.

NEW FACES OI" '60

(We've been getting the once~over lately from hopeful high school
r.Clll(il‘S. Are they getting the picture of State you would like them to?
It not, who's to improve it. but. you? We need new blood. How about

red for a change?

 

raped

(iood Music

If you like good jam, you should
make a special effort to see The
IIeiiny Goodman Story, which is
currently playing at the Palace. It
deals with Benny‘s rise to fame this
boyhood, his romance. his music,
clc.i Lots of very fine (.‘ioodinait
favorites! Everyone will want to rim
out. and buy a clarinet.

()id Stui‘l'

’l'liree Stripes in the Sun is play-
ing at the Madison this week, but.
we've talked this one oVer before.
It‘s about Aldo ltiiy. (1.1, and his
Japanese \\'lii' bride.

James Stewart rides into the
(‘olonial 'l‘heaii'e this weekend and
the West. goes wild again. The pic-
iiirc is The Man From Laramie.
We‘ve also talked this one over he»

 

 

RICINERS

fore, but it you haven't seen ii. it
wouldn‘t hurt you to rim over. Alan
liadd, in Hell Below Zero, is llli‘ii
too. You won‘t see the there ilii
weekend.
Night Spot

If you‘re looking for a quiet. out
of-t.lie-way spot, where you can
take your date ai'ter the show. I'll
like to suggest the Miss Alban.
Diner on Central Avenue. We were
there recently; we ordered it I“t‘t'li('ll
(triiller and black coffee, and got ii
glazed doughnut iciilled a honey—
dip in better circlesi and colloi-
\vitli. When I asked for a will
muffin icallcd a corn iniiifiii .iii 7
Wlierci I got. a blueberry illlilllll
Some service! The \\‘lllll't‘.‘m
W'l'.':. Wednesday substitute, so i'
was like old home week It's \i'i\
easy to lllitl, lots of neon

 

flirt“ 

"llo hunt! I think I'll quit school today."

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY I7. 1956

PAGE 3

 

Female Collegiate Singers Search Ploikin Speaks
Ear Its Long Lost Element-Men On Near East

.33.”.

The collegiate singers, that is
the female members thereof, have
a new and desparate theme song
. . . “WE WANT MORE MEN!"

It seems that second semester
program changes, heredity, survi-
val of the fittest, etc, have caused
a number of vacancies in the tenor
and base sections. Of course there
are girls who can sing base, but.
they don't want to leave the tun—
dras and the jungles Anyway, Mr.
Carl Peterson, director of the Sing—
ers, would like to encourage any-
one who has had some experience in
choral groups to come out for re-
hearsal next Monday noon. He also
states that a person does not have
to be an exceptional reader of
notes, or a soloist in order to
qualify.

Recently, the collegiate Singers
have had two highly successful per-
formances of “I Hear America Sing,-
ing." Now it Would be :i pretty tra—
gic state of affairs if you heard
America singing and it sounded like

a group of three-foot choir boys
singing, rather than a muscle-
bomid horde of Americans . . . the
hint—more men needed.

At the present time. music of
various types are being rehearsed,
prior to choosing the numbers which
the Singer. will feature on the
Spring Concert in May. Don‘t for-
get. men, Spring is when a young
man's something or other turns to
thoughts of music and singing.
What are you going to do for an
outlet. stand on the corners and
sing Christmas carols—iii May? The
hint-more men needed.

Certainly a student body of our
size should be able to find thirty
or forty men willing to give one
hour a week. Even a student‘s
body of your size should be able to
spare an hour. The singers re-
hearse Mondays, at 12 noon, in
Richardson 20b.

Stop wasting your talent, men.
The singers will apprixﬁate your
voice and your gender.

Mock Security Council Delegate
Reports On Canton Conference

Iiy MALCOLM ROGERS
Forum ot' Politics again accepted the. invitation of Saint Lawrence
University to attend its eighth annual Model Security Council on Feb—
ruary .0 through 11. 1950. at Canton. New York. Dominick DeCccco, Lee
DeNikc and I served as representntives of the Kingdom of Belgium.

The purpose of the Council 1.

to acquaint students with interna-

tional problems and the foreign policies of the nations on the. Security
Council. Diplomatic method is 211511 learned since ilie actual rules of pro-
cedure of the real Council are used. We must not overlook the fact.
however, th'il. State's relations with the participating colleges are also
improved and ncw acquaintances are made.

The colleges which participated were the United States Military
Academy, Australia; Univer>ily of Vermont. China; Syracuse University,
Cuba; Queen's University ol' Canada. France; Harpur, Unich Kingdom;

Mcf‘iill University, United States;

Commission Sets
Smoking Rules

Campus (‘oiiimission has recently
been engaged in shopping for the
Commons and I,.oungc. announces
Carol Sanders Till, (iriiiid Marshal of
the Commission.

A list of needed repairs and esti-
mated prices will be presented to
Student. Association in the near
future.

Included in their purchases are
large containers for ashes which will
be placed in the basement. and in
the balls. The students will be tree
to smoke anywhere on campus ex-
cept in prohibited areas. ’l‘liosc areas
where absolutely no smoking is al-
lowed are: Upper lliisted, Upper
Richardson, clii>srooins, and any
room on campus where there is no
indication that smoking is allowed.
Until the containers are put. in their
dcsignatcd places, students are asked
to refrain from smoking in the halls.

()n the committee looking into the
repairs are (‘aroi Sanders ‘50. and
Patricia Roscoe, Margaret McNeil
and Jeanette Pleiriintont, Sopho-
mores .

Anyone who is interested in work-
ing its a try-out for the Coimnission
is asked to contact Miss Sanders.

Communications . . .
i'oii/iiiio il liom I’dg/c ..‘, ('oliiniii J'

For identical amounts, State can
llll\t‘ either a continuing improved
:itlilctic progrntn and a season pass
to such, or a :.casoii oi cultural en-
I‘li‘illlli'lll li‘liilmt'ul'll) enjoyed and
soon forgotten.

'I‘oin Dixon, (irad
Ii'rank Mcliivoy ’57

To the Editor:

The I"iil'lllll oi l’olitics assumes
no responsibility Ior any statement
concerning the candidacy of any
person ior l’i'csnleiit oi the Uitllt‘tl
leiics llllltll' ill tiny previous issue
oi the State (‘olicgc News.

('harles Mellurg '50
President of Forum

Royal Military College. U.S.S.R.; Col-

gate, Yiigosliivia; St. Lawrence Util-
versity, lraii. The keynote speech
of the conference was also very en-
joyable socially. Our delegation was
quartered in the SAE house whose
members proved very hospitable. The
delegates had an informal gather-
ing at the "Tick—Tuck," a buffet
slipper at. the Universalist Church,
and a banquet at the Hotel Har-
rington. A St. Lawrence victory
over RF} in hockey along with the
game itself proved quite enjoyable.
A reception for all the delegates at
the home of Dr. Henry ReifT, Chair-
man of the Department of History
and Government, closed the confer-
cncc.

’l‘he delegates would like veiy
much to thank all concerned for
sending them to the conference.

DE Sponsors
Tour Tuesday

Erwin l-Iorwitr. ‘56. President of the
Distributive Education Club, an—
nounces that the club is sponsoring
a lotii‘ ’l‘ucsday of the Albany Divi-
sliill of ilie Tobin Packing Company
for one hundred students of business
and distributive education. After
touring the processing, packaging,
and shipping departments. the group
will see a illin. "This is Life."

Following the iiliii, company ex—
ecutives will present several short
speeches on the various phases of
the meat packing industry. Arrange—
ments for the trip were made by
llcno Knouse, Professor of Merchan-
dising, and Walter Hcgcinaii, man-
a.cr of the plant.

Horwity. also announces a iiieet.iiig
of the club on Tuesday at 10 am,
in Draper 141. An election to fill the
oil'ices of secretory iitid treasurer will
be held. The meeting will include it
discussion of various activities coli—
ccrning merchaiuiising.

 

7 Hour Laundry
and CLEANERS
208 QUAIL STREET
Silllt’l‘S - ~ 15(:
li'luil iv li‘old Wash - ~ 10c per ll).

 

 

Felicia’s Beauty Salon

all-A No. Lake Ave.
(Near Washington Ave.)
“JIMMY'lelair Stylist
'I‘elepiione 3—0749

Gerald Drug Go.

217 Western Ave. Albany, N. Y.

Phone 6-8610

 

 

Norman Arnold '57, President of
Hillel, and Charles McHarg '56,
president of Forum, report that
Dr. Arieh L. Plotkin will present a
talk Thursday at 4 pm. in Brubach-
er Upper Lounge. His topic will be
Israeli-Arab relations.

Dr. Plotkiii was born in Germany
in 1921, and in 1935 he and his
faintly moved to Palestine where he
attended the Hebrew University in
Jerusalem. From there he moved to
England. and completed his studies
for the Bachelor of Science degree
in economics at the University of
London. In 1951, he came to the
United States, and entered Prince-
ton University. There he received
the degree of Master of Public Af-
fairs, aii additional M.A., and his
PhD.

Dr. Plotkin has a perfect com—
mand of English, Hebrew, German,
and French, and a working knowl-
edge of Arabic and Spanish. His
main ﬁelds of interest are Interna-
tional Relations, International Law,
Comparative Government, and es—
pecially Middle East. Affairs.

Veterans Holci Formal,
Crown First Queen

On March 2. from 10 am. until
2 pm. the Veterans' Association will
hold its first Ball at the Ten Eyck
Hotel. There will be dancing to
Johnny Costa's Band. The bids,
which are $3.50, may be purchased
in the booth set up in the lower
peristyle between Husted and Dra-
per. Everyone is invited. Each girl
will receive surprise favors.

Thirteen girls were nominated
for Queen of the Veterans' Ball.
On Wednesday. March 15, five ﬁnal—
ists, Jane Ide, Joanne Lecakcs,
Barbara Douglas, Maryann Kuskow—
ski, and Florine Scutiiik were cho-
sen from these nominees. On the
night of the Ball, one girl from
these five will be chosen Queen. The
two runnerups will each be pre-
sented with an orchid, while the
Queen herself, will be presented
with a bouquet and a surprise gift.

Student Council:

Myskania Proposes Amendment-s
To Constitution in Student Council

Student Council, in their meeting Wednesday evening, heard com-
mittee reports, passed on two financial motions, heard the report from
the claass Board of Finance, and discussed at length the new proposed
plan for government initiated by Myskania.

Richard Vanslette '56, reported that the Student-Faculty Committee
will meet at 10 am. on Tuesday. Campus Commission stated at the
meeting that smoking will be allowed in all the lower halls of Draper
and cement receptacles will be placed around the school. The adminis-
tration will match $500 from every $500 put up by Campus Commission

College Explains
Teaching Degree

As a continuation of the story
regarding admissions policies and
probation policies of the college,
published last Week, the following
are the regulations concerning the
certification for teaching.

A graduate of State College re—
ceives a degree. either A.B., BS,
or BS. in Commerce, and a tem-
porary certificate for teaching. In
order to keep this certiﬁcate. Majors
in special subjects have to receive
their masters degree within ten
years after graduation. These ma-
jors include Commmerce. Reading
Shop, Industrial Arts. etc. All oth-
er subjects must obtain their mas-
ters degree within five years after
graduation. If these regulations are
violated the temporary license will
be suspended unless valid reason
is presented.

After graduation and withlii ﬁve
years, the teacher must either take
his masters in one year or take six
hours each year in order to keep his
certificate, A school district is not
qualified to receivestate Aid un-
less all teachers liave a license.
Tenure may be awarded to teach-
ers only after three years of teach-
ing in a school after a permanent
license is awarded.

Jean Hageny ’56, Chairman of the
Exchange Committee, reported that
the University of Connecticut wish-
es that the date of exchange be
changed to April 11 to 14. Appli-
cations may be obtained from
Jean Hageny '56, and must be re-
turned to her by Friday.

Homecoming Weekend Chairman
for next year will be Eileen Lalley
'58, as the result of an election by
Council.

A new plan of government has
been drawn up by a Myskania
committee including Judy Vlmmer-
stedt, Chairman. Jane Anne Lo-
man and Aileen Cochrane, Seniors.
This plan was presented by Mys-
kania to Council tonight for its
revisions and recommendations.
There was much heated discus-
sion on the plan, the main points
of which are printed on page one
of this issue. The main points of
provision of the removal of one
quality point tor every three un-
excused absences per semester.

After a nnsmiderstanding con~
cernlng whether or not the final
plan would be presented as Mys-
kania approved it, or as Council ap—
proved it, it was decided in an em-
ergency vote by Myskania during
the meeting that the resolution will
be presented to Student Association
as Myskania approved it. Council
would only recommend changes to
the Association.

A replacement election for a mem—
ber of Student Council from the
Class of 1957 will take place next
Friday in Assembly for those who
have seats in Page Hall. and absen-
tee from 9 am. until 4 p.ni., ac-
cording to Beatrice Englehardt ’56,
Chairman of Election Commission.

 

 

In addition to our Home Made
ICE CREAM and CANDY
WE HAVE OPENED Olill NEW

Delicatessen

and

Sandwich Shop

Featuring a complete line of your
favorite Sandwiches, Salads,
Omelettes, and Assorted Cold Cuts

TRY OUR HAMBURGER SPEGIAL

WITH FRENGII FRIES

Wayflower

209 CENTRAL AVENUE
HOURS 8 — 12 MIDNIGHT

 

 

..‘s 7..“

 

