 

Morse, Neuberger Continue

PAGE 0

News Views:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS.

Expose

Oi McKay's Record; Barkley Dies

By ROBERT

In the Senate, Democrats Morse
and Neuberger of Oregon continued
their expose of Interior Secretary
Douglas McKay's record in office.
It is now revealed that McKay re-
cently appointed three friends of
his as Indian commissioners for the
Klamath tribe in Oregon by exert-
ing coersive powers upon the tribe
to get their consent as required un-
der the law. It was just another blot
upon the record of the man the
administration is backing for Sen-
ator Morse's seat in Oregon.

Water Power Sites I

Senators Morse and Neuberger hit
again at the Eisenhower power pol-
icy also. The present plan of the
administation seems to be to re-
serve the best paying water power
sites to the large private companies
and leave the money-losing ones to
federal development. Morse has
charged that the Republicans thus
can help the private power lobby
and still give lip service to a public
power program. This policy is with-
out a doubt a good break for the big
private companies, but a dam—poor
one for the taxpayers, who foot the
bill for the public power program
Senate Loses Alben Barkley

Washington was saddened this
week by the passing of Alben W.
Barkley, long time Senator from
Kentucky and distinguished ex-
Veep. The death of Senator Barkley
who had served in the Upper House
from 1927-43 and again from 1955-
56 stripped from liberal ranks an-
other wheelhorse. Earlier, liberals
lost Senator Harley Kilgore of West
Virginia. Senator Barkley's seat
must now be filled for a four year
short term in the November election.
Governor Albert (Happy) Chandler
of Kentucky is expected to name
an interim appointee in the near
future.

Brownell Slows Indictment Plans

Attorney General Brownell rc-
portedly has slowed up on plans to
seek indictment of eight Democratic
politicians income tax irregu-

MUD...

(Continucd from Page 1, Column 5)

OH

Alan Weiner '56, Robert Burns, Bar-

SIMJVIONDS

larities. With indictment of Repre-
sentative Lane (D-Mass.) already
in the bag, Brownell is proceeding
more carefully since a syndicated
columnist exposed the Justice De-
partment‘s political affairs. It has
been rumored that prominent Deni—
ocrats in West Virginia and Penn-
sylvania were to be next on the
indictment list.

Nixon Says ‘Yes’

Finally in the Capitol, Vice-
President Nixon said “yes” to anx-
ious inquiries as to whether he
would be available for another term,
and President Eisenhower, back
from his golf game at Augusta, re—
affirmed his faith in God. world
peace, prosperity, and inoralityhin
government, and without being
specific about anything, urged all
Republicans, Independents and
right-thinking Democrats to back
him in his crusade for re-election.
Time called it “giving 'em heaven.”

bara Hungerford. Alan Hutchinson.
Juniors; Robert Alward, Helen Ect-
ner. Dorothy Eardley, Thomas Wat-
thews, Sophomores: Marlene Ackcr-
:nan. Elizabeth Gross. Veronica
Davis, James Owens, Joseph Fosc-
gan. Thomas Hopkins. Paul Kapp.
Kenneth Kadet, Robert Fox. Wil-
liam Hershflcld, Richard Esner,
Michael Van Vrankcn, Marion
Sciortino, freshmen.

Members of the singing and danc-
ing chorus are: Tony Scordato ’56,
Paula Segal, Richard Feldman,
Lenore Hughes, Phyllis Hurd. Sheila
Lister, Juniors; Patricia McGrath,
LaVerne Libbcrt. So p h omores;
Frank Pavat, Dolores Shimandle,
Gerald Dwight, Mary Fitzpatrick,
and Ella Mizzcll. freshmen.

Special Class Attire

Miss Hallenbeck sets forth the
followinzz Specifications for class at-
tire. Seniors arc to wear caps and
gowns. Juniors will all wcar the
traditional class hats and carry
canes. Women are to wear whitc
dresses and white heels and the men
are to wear suits. whitc shirts and
ties, Sophomores arc to all wear
beanics. Whitc skirts and blnc
blouses or sweaters Will be the attire
for women and the men will wear
suits, white shirts and ties. F‘rcsh-
man women are to wcar white
dresses, socks, and whiti- flats. while
the men are to wcnr dark trouscrs
and white shirts

DE Club Plans Trip
To Albany Felt Co.

The Distributivc islducntion Club
is planning a hold trip and confer-
i:iicc at Albany I"clt Company, in
Moriaiids, New York, Tuesday cvc-
nlng at 7:30 p.iu., announces l‘il'Wlll
Horw'itz  President of this chili.

The program for the (:Vi'lllllt; Will
iiicludc ii bricf session prior to the
tour of the plant, and a final con-
“51131100 to discuss the organimitfonal
and operating policies of the com.
puny.

  
  

A touch will tell you .

Chesterfield saris/in ihc most
evenly, smokes much smoother.

 

r a “we: “a;

 

.. an Accu-Ray Chester-
iind that means
. . . burns more

field is more pcr/cclly packa . . .

FRIDAY. MAY 4.

Professor Opens
Writing Class

Shields McIlwaine, Professor of
English and Chairman of the Eng-
lish Department, announces that all
students who plan to take English
134, Creative Writing, must comply
with the following procedure.

Notify Dr. Mcllwainc, Richardson
24, orally or by letter. that you are
including English 134 in your course
list during the advisement period
from May 18 to May 24. At that
time, indicate when you will submit
samples of your writing, which
should include two or three short
pieces—poems, stories, or portraits.
These should be loft in Richardson
24 before the end of the semester or
mailed to Dr. McIlwaine during the

summer.

The class will be limited to twelve
Juniors and Seniors, and students
accepted for the course will be noti—
ﬁed by Student Mail.

Sam/y Marcel/with a Mildcr, Better-Tasting smoke—
packed for more pleasure by exclusn'c Acczili’ay

is pleasure-packed

MILD, YET THEY gang/y. . . THE MOST!

To the taste, loo . . r I
pleasure. Firm and pleasing to the lips...mi1d yct
deeply satisfying to the taste...Chcsterﬁcld alone

1956

 

l Main? 00“ ‘7’” 3W "-1 “

By ANN

The RUSsell Sage Quill printed the
results of a survey taken at Doug-
lass College by the Department of
Student Life. The conclusions were
that Sophomores sleep less and Jun-
iors work more. Could this apply to
us?

Hindu human pin cushions have
it easy when compared with the rc-
search experiment of a Kansas Uni-
versity coed whose projects include
several dozen mosquitoes. Mosquitoes
get hunrgy. They have to be fed.
They happen to necri and prefer
human blood. So . . .

“Someone has to feed them," says
the student. “No one wants to vol-
unteer, so each night I'm dinner for
my pets."

A Utah resident found two
tombstones on his lawn one morn-
ing and reported it to the police as
the prank of vandals. They checked
the cemetery and found that no
tombstones were missing.

Investigation finally disclosed that
a group of students had needed more
weight in their truck for a trip
through deep snow. Thcy borrowwl

      

 
   

. (‘hcsfcrficld packs more

by Aceu-Ray.

R-IDLEY

the tombstones from a rclative's
monument firm, but found they had
too much weight- Result—a tomb-
stone on the neighbor's lawn.

«from The Central Michigan Life)

A University of Texas student
answered the phone with. “It‘s me."

"It's 1," corrected the voice at
tho other end of the line.

"Mo, he, what's the dif'fcrcncc'."
hc asked.
The silence that followed was

broken by these words:

"This is your English instructor.
1 called to remind you of the make-
up quiz this week." .

(from The Minnesota Daily)

The following poem was taken
from the Reiisselacr Polytechnic:
Jr. chemists all in a huddle,

Herc's onc Job they wouldn‘t mud-
(lie. I
With nitroglycerinc in
hand. .
They moved the school right. off its

land.

This wasn't for fun or fooling.
They just believed. "You learn by
doing."

each little

KING Sill
it RiGULNi

.1406!" I Mm: Team 0:

 

 

 

   
 

sf"
3,.-

S

_"
,..

I.

ll

24%,: a
‘5 "n...
‘4

Tab”

State College News

 

 

 

Pa

Hinck, Youngs,
As SA Veep,

In a close race for the S
ceived 148 more votes than

victorious as the President of Stu
1957. Out of the 879 votes cast, Payne obtained 473, while

DeCecco received 325.

Richard Hinck captured the Vice

(lent Association by receiving

The position of SA Secretary went
to Winifred Yonngs in the fifth dis-
tribution. Shc figured first during
the whole race.

Filling the post of SA Songlcadcr

will be Sheila Listcr, who ran a very
closc race with Sally Hartcr.
Eleven New Members of SB!"

Student Board of Finance incin-

hers for next ycar will bc Janice
Champagne  Warren Dunhain,
Marilyn Lcach. Brcnt Patton,

Gcorgc Cosgrorc, Frank Swiskcy,
Sophomores; and June Cnss. Donna
Dircns. Kcnncth Kadct. Aim Slici—
don and Roland Short. f'rcshmcn.

AA Board Elections

Stutt‘ Collcgc Athlctic A('l\'lS(il‘_\'
Board will be iiicrcuscd by illl'l'i'
ncw incnibcrs, nnincly, No or}

Schiicidcr and Joscph Purccll. Jun-
iors; and Joseph Barton ‘58. Chair—
man of the Board for ncxt year will
bc Joseph Swii-i'zowski  clcctcd
last year

SA (‘ouncil Members
All Reach Quota

Mcmlii-rs of Stiidcnt Association
(-lcctctl to Studcnf Council for iicxt,
ycai' all rcachcd thc quota, and arc
thc following: Loi‘i‘ulin' Kiislowski,

Snzannc Lieberman. (hiylc Pctty.
Donald Ricc. Lloyd Scyinour. Soph~
oinorcs; and Naialic Lcinoinc .nid

Slcrcn Jacobson. ircshmcn.

Anderson Selects
Camp Counselors

Joscph Andcrson '57. Chairman of
Mcii‘s li'rosh Camp for 1956-57, has
iiiiiiouiiccd flic following officci's
and counsclors for thc coining ycnr
Chairman of Prograuns will be Jami-s

lockhart: Stcward. lloracc Crun~
dall. Juniors; Athlctics. Kcifh 01—
\on, Storc, Joscph Sxai‘ck: llcud

(‘ouiisclor. John Minon; Wutci'f‘ront.
Rogci' fluid. and Scci'ctzii'y-Ti'ciis—
lll't‘l‘. Warrcn l)unh;ini, Sophomorcs

(Joiinscloi's l'i'oiii thc (floss of 19:37
will hc Dominick l)c(‘ccco, Richard
l‘ll‘liiit'llcl'. Michacl lVliiXltlll, 'l‘hoin—
us lloppcy. Robci't llackcr. Edwnid
llcmskc. ltklwaird Join-s, Joscph
H\\'lt‘i'/.ii\\.\l\'1, Jamcs Smith and
llayid llnrrows,

chi'csciiliiig thc (‘luss of 19511
will bc Joseph l’lyiin, Lloyd Scyv
inoui', llowzii'd Caldwell, Ross Dailcy.
Nils lii'isko. l"l‘illll\' Swiskcy, Richard
(laiiscy, .Joliii Stcfaiio, ’I'hoiinis
liricrlcy. Ronald Alcxandcr, Josi-ph
Burton, Rohcrt llosoiiiworfh. Robci't
Bililllt‘lil,

Sophoiiioi'c (.‘ounsclois are John
Yiigci', Edward Konbck, Robci‘l
Kaiiuif'..1nmcsRogcrs. William Hers-
ficld, Robcrt Murdoch. Garrison
Lcwis, William Muckic. l)u\‘1(l Sat.
ici'lcc, Davui Youst.

All.i'l'lliili‘.\ will bc lhiyid Kciidig,
William Mason, Frank Mclody, Jun-

iors; Paul Cullen, Carl Miixson,
Sophomorcs; and John Spaiirgdreii,
Michael Saltxinan. Steven Jacobson,

freshmen

ith A11

ALBANY. NEW YORK. SATURDAY. MAY 5.

ne Trium

A Presidency,

   

(‘LYDE I’A YNI'I

Classes Elecl Anderson, Stefano,

McClain As ’57,

Smoking thc paticrn of thc last
two ycars. of having at lcast one
woman Prcsidcnt, thc (Tlasscs of
1957, 1958 and 1959 have chosen
thrcc lllt n to lead thcm. Joscph And-
ci'son will lcad ihc Class of 1957
during the coming year while Jarncs
lockhai't will scryc as his Vicc-
Prcsidcnt. ()thcr of’liccrs includc:
Scci'ctiii'y. Bcriiicc O'Connor; 'l‘rcas-
urcr, Bctty Kinc; Publicity Ull‘i'i"
tor, Barbara Dubrcy; and Song-
lcudcr. Patricia Hull. Studcnf Coun-
cil nicmbcrs from the Class of 1115?

will bc Mario Cni'boiic .iiiii it'll/.41-
bctli Staph-ton.
(‘liiss of 1958 Elections

John Sfcfaiio is thc iicw Junior
(‘lnss Prcsidcnt for thc coming ,\car.
Scrring with him will bc Eilccii
1.:illcy as Vicc-Prcsidcnt. Mary
('rawlord as Sccrctui'y. Jt'l'l'\ Ban-

ficld us 'l'i'cznlii'ci'. Bul'biii'u lli'l‘J'llll-

Rogers Will Preside
Over l956 Forum

'l’hc li'oruin Board of Politics has
cit-cicd lii'w tillli't'i's niiti Boul'tl
incinbci's, annonnccs (,‘hai‘lcs Mc-
llarg, rctiriiig Prcsidciif ’l‘hc iicw
ofl'i‘cci's arc: Pi'csidciii, Malcolm
Rogci's '57; Vicc-l’i'csidciit. 1.cc 11c-
Nikc '55). ’I‘hc othcr ofl‘icci's \\i11 bc
clcctcd by thc iicw bond .11 llicii'
first inccting affci' Moring-Up Day.
liicludcd in tho tilllf‘t‘l‘S yct to bc
clcctcd will bc a Chairman for thc
High School Moch Sccui'iiy t‘onn-
cil which was inuiafcd this ycar
and found so succcssiul that u will
llt‘t'iilili.‘ a traditional purl of thc
1"oi'um pi'ogi‘uiii.

’l‘hc Board nicnibcrs tor llt‘.\l ycar
nrc Charles lntl"ouiitainc and l’ctcr
Mi'(iilll'k '58: Richard Sauci' and
John Coccii '59; Emil Poliik, Rich-
ard Erbachcr, Richard Clifford. and
Dominic DcCccco ‘57.

phs As SA President;
Myskania Members

Lister Victorious ’News’, ’Ped’
Secretary, Songleader Pick New Slaiis

Clyde Payne re-
Dominic DeCecco, to triumph
dent Association for 1956-

Presidency of Stu-
193 votes more than the quota.

1956 VOL. XLI NO. 12

Ratio Remains

Reaching Quota

Myskania No. 41 Ascends Steps
In Shortened Tapping Ceremonies

With all the members of Myskania reaching the quota,
For NeXf Year the Senior Honorary Society will again have the same

The sum. College New, Board has number of men and women as in the past two years.

inadJ idditi n.'t fl B i. '1. . i n - .
me ‘Egmm‘i “Bl‘l’smlfss   ‘ Aftei the classes had ‘moved up to their new pOSi-
staffs, according to Marcia Liiw- “on and. everyone had sung “Arm 1“ Arm,” the Tapping
reiice and Thomas Smith, Juniors ceremonies began. The old Myskania filed to the second
"11d CU-Eclitol'x- row of seats on the stage in re aration for the ta in ‘

Th. ,.. B    , P P , P118,
Mumfgerui: Antis‘ﬁzzmﬁm“33:35? and Theresa Katherine Barber, Chairman of the outgomg‘
Numnm Koslofsky. Soph,,,,,0,.es' Wm Myskania, and Robert Francis Betscha, President of Stu-

serve as Sports Desk Editor. New dent Association, came forward to the rostrum.

Desk Editors of the Editorial staff

are Am, Rjdpy, William Schwngwy Betscha acted as the speaker and announced the

Arthur Palazzola. Vincent Traman- names of the new members of the Judiciary, while Miss
Barber presented them with purple and gold tassels.

taiia, and Frank Swiskey, Sopho—
mores: Carole Hall, Frank Vetosky.
Winifred Youiigs, Nancy Richards. DOMINICK JOHN DE CECCO was the first member of
Naslzcl't'rifchnslfflﬁ “'NP-‘lznwg- i the 1956-1957 Judiciary to be tapped. SigmundArnold Smith
Feature Emit” ‘35, b: [f],thl‘:;”;,m‘f and Alan Donald Weiner cncled the auditorium, stopping
mk .59. beSide his row in the Assembly, as Betscha boomed out his
Members oi the rmiuguguo Board name. DeCecco served on Student Council for two years
have been chosen foi'iwxi your. re- and has been a columnist for the State College News.
ports Carol Ann Luff '56. retiring _
Editor of the yearbook Editor-in- Aileen Jane Cochrane and Linda Lou Niles left the
331211039; igzgi-ﬁzl wit/[1j big liam stage next to tap the second person of the honored thirteen.
win he 1);”;kl‘k5nd‘i: Plfgm 3:81;: The name of MARCIA MACKENZIE LAWRENCE boomed
“(ms BMW; Mm. Pam“... Busp out as they stopped next to therow in which she was sit-
ness-Adrcrtising Editor, and Mat- ting. MISS Lawrence is Co-Editor-in-Chief of the State
ihcw Ostoyich, Copy Editor, Juniors. College News_
Directing Press Burcau activities T

for [in coming year will be Barbara JOSEPH JOHN ANDERSON, the 110le elected Pres—
Dili'ls D7. announce Mm'i‘ June ident 0f the Senior Class, was next to be tapped. Sam-
F‘ishci' and Ailccn Cochruiic, Scn- , ., -, . ~
in”. wmnm 0%thth The W utl John Kithniak and Joseph Richard Kelly escorted
,,,,,,,,d,.,. U,- Hw BM,“ “.11, be MN.” Anderson to the rostrum where Miss Barber pinned on his
at a latcr dutc. purple and gold tassel. Anderson is the new director of

Men‘s Frosh Camp.

Mary Brezny and Weiner left the
the auditorium,
the name

stage, circled around
I I and stopped as Betscha boomed out
58  Leaders of CLYDE IRVING PAYNE, the new]: elected

/ President of Student Association, and former Vice-President

cis as Publicity Director, and Ma- “l. suldent ASSOCiation’

51”“ Kg'“"‘ 9-“ SWE‘““F‘“"- 195“ 5‘”: The new Student Association Songleader SHEILA
ocnt Council incinbcrs :irc Ronald L . , , y 1.
Mmmdm Mm. Bnuuw mem .ISTEB, was next to be tapped. She was brought to the

Carr and Shcila Molinhiiir stage by Marjorie Anne Kellehcr and Smith.

. BARBARA GENEVIEVE HUNGERFORD, the new Pres-
mnru first—place idcnt of Dramatics and Arts Council ascended to the stage,
rum than his “mum cumiwlitm', escorted by Jane Annc Loman and Judy Ann Vimmer~
Donald McClain was victorious in Stu” to take scat numbersix

llic i'acc for thc Prcsidcncy of 'hc
Hoiihumm‘c Club-s Othvr cxvculivcs Seventh to be tapped was NANCY JANE SCHNEIDER,
will”! I “gm“XE:133313;“:  new President of Women ‘3 Athletic Association. Miss Coch-
r,.,.,,>,‘,,.,.,.l Rum", Fm.‘ public“; ratio and Wciner, descending from the stage for the sec-
iiii'cctor. Kciincth Kittlt'l; Chopr- ond timc, brought her to the rostrum.
 (“I‘ll”’E"l'é',l;,‘:ll:‘,’l'n{l'1‘é:,’,‘:fiii As thesuspcnsc mounted, MARY ELlZABETH KNIGHT
iiicmbcrs n.r 19.3!) :ii‘c (it‘oi'gc Hur- was tapped by Miss Niles and Krchniak. Miss Knight has
its Ella Mix/1'11. Brno- Nunun and served on Student Board of Financc for two years and
Ni“ “W'- was President of SMILES this year. A
As silence f'cll again, Kelly and Mary Jane Fisher de-

Collins Names Members sccndcd from the stage, circled thc audiioriiim,_and stop-
OF ,56  L  pcd as the name of SARA JANE DUFFY boomed out from

Ignum all Is the stage. Miss Duffy was Pl't‘SIdt‘lli of her class this past
H“, Mmmm ycai' and served as Secretary of SA hcr Sophomore year.
“1” MW WW “wmbm mmmnmd ROBERT EDWARD BURNS‘WLIS the fourth man to
NW .m, “w W. W”, U, 1956 W be tapped as Miss 8cmin and Miss Vnnmcrstedt brought
m, mm,” by p,,._.,,,,.,,, Cum“, t,,_ him to thc stagc to take seat number tcn. Burns has been
day are lu‘rclyn Vt'l‘llii iii-dis, Evv- a member of Student Council for two ycars and has been

(‘lass of 1959 Elections
Rccciring 68

Signuin l.nudis,
honorary Mii‘li‘ly' of Siiitc Collcgc,

l_\'ll l.. Cllﬁllt‘i‘, Mill'i'lll (‘ Diilbt‘t‘, pill-V active in (h'anuluca

Sylvia A Doody, lii'lii'c li. Marsh. ‘ . , v .

Virginia 1,“ wing “no Jinn» A, Miss Lonian and Miss Pishcr iiiovcd down from the
Whitchursl stage to tap MARILYN ELIZABETH DESANTA, thc new

.m, “N m“. W. M” “I (he Dircctorof Woincns Frosh Camp.
Junior ohm wci'c ht'lt‘i'lt‘il. 'l‘hcy The last woman to be chosen was BE’I‘TY RAE VAN
itl‘tl‘I (‘liiLifon Rayl‘)Cai'iitigucl'. H’urizv VLACK, escorted to the stage by Miss Nilcs and Kelly. Miss
Shin-y liiopci', oris uiiii. .uiic , , , . , h  . - , , 'w ,, .-‘, .
M [Muir-mm]. THU w. (“Minimum 'Vdn 'V‘latk was ‘Co Chaiiinan of Campus (Just this yeai,
pin-“is My HUI-d. Mury y' [numn’ dlld (lLlilVe 111 (ilillll'dthS,
101111312; Kiwi-“10": 1a“?!  “XMIEN'H. Silence reigned and the tension mounted as Miss Brez-
‘_{”-‘ “’3’, “"‘f; fl‘f’,“‘..; “35‘ ny and Miss Kelleher circled the auditorium looking for
(is, Nancy J. Siliniidti, Elisabeth ‘ _
51mm, wmm,“ Swmmn‘ Even.“ the last meinbei to be tapped. DAVID THOMAS KENDIG,
c. Wefcrniillcr. Presnlent of the Inter-Collegiate Association, columnist for
y . , , H, , ' ‘ . '
Fawn“, m “an.” m: PM“ 0‘ tlie State College News, and Public Relations EditOi oi
Emumme,‘ mm, M, Bum”, June, lcdagoguc for next year, came to the stage to claim seat
Hood, and George w. Murphy. number thirteen.

 

