 

 

 

PAGE 6

News Views:

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY ID. 1956

Fair Committee

Eisenhower Rejects Red Treaties; sides Meeting
    Publicity for the forty-two groups

By DOMINICK DeCECCO

The World . . .

The big news lately has been the “mutual peace" treaty between the

U. S. and the Soviet Union. The trea
of mutual friendship and cooperation

ty provides for a twenty year period
between the U. S. and the USSR.

This plan has been rejected by President Eisenhower as being another

propaganda weapon ior the Russians. Said President Eisenhower, “I
wonder whether again going through a treaty-making procedure . .

might indeed work against the cause of peace by creating the illusion

that a stroke of a pen had achieved
a result which in fact can be ob-
tained by a change of spirit." In

Election Commission

participating in this year's State
Fair will be done on Saturday,
February 18, at 1:30 pm. at Bru-
bacher. Each organization must
send a representative in order to
have its concession or show pub-
licized in school, states Marilyn De-

' Santa '57. Chairman.

The steering committee for State
Fair consists of Miss DeSanta,
Chairman; Sheila. Lister, Secretary;

Other words Mr' Eisenhower propose: COHSllon Tes l‘ set Frank McEvoy, Treasurer; Juniors.

that the U. S. will no longer accep
any treaties with the Russians un-
leSS they show by action that they
are willing to promote the cause
of world peace. This seems like a
step in the right direction on the
part of the Administration. Russian
offers of peace have usually ended
in moral victory on the part of the
Russians.

The Nation . . .

President Eisenhower has not
announced his intentions for a sec-
ond term yet. This delay is frus-
trating the mid-western Senators
who are up for re-election. because
they will need all the help they
can get to win their seats in the
next Congress. Only a strong fig-
ure like EisenhOWer will keep most
farmers from voting Democratic
and even with Ike the Republicans
should still be worried. Farmers are
very unhappy about recent dips in
farm prices.

Oregon's Senator Richard Neu-
berger blasted the Republican ad-
ministration by accusing the Al Se-
rena Mines. Inc.. of receiving grants
in the Rouge River National Forest
for the sole purpose of stripping it
of its valuable timber. This liberal
leader suffered a loss in prestige
however, because it was discovered
that there was sufficient are on the
property to warrant issuing a grant.
Neuberger has proved to be a thorn
in the Democrat's side.

Segregation . . .

The Democrats are faced with an
ever increasing rift between antl-
segregationalists and the segrega-
tionalists. Stevenson seems to be
doing a very effective job of holding
the party together, although there
have been recent attacks on Stev—
enson's conservatism by Southern
Senators. The unity of the Demo-
cratic party seems fraying at the
edges. We hope that a candidate
suitable to both sides of the ques-
tion can be found.

Prediction . . .

According to some very revealing
information, Eisenhower will run
for a second term. In a letter from
the Republican National Commit-
tee received by Forum of Politics,
President Eisenhower will not be
able to attend our Forum for poll-
tical contenders. Could this mean
that he will be touring the nation
at that time?

Sororities . . .

(Continued from Pam: 1, Column 2)

The committc chairmen are: Ar-
rangements. Phyllis Parshall ‘56;
Refreshments. Shirley Calnivan; Eli-
tcrtainmcnt. Jan Champagne, and
Decorations, Hclcn Hagcnlih, Jun-
lors.

’I‘oyland is the theme oi' Beta
Zeta's informal duncc. Margaret
Coogun '56, chairman, announces the
following C om in it to c s : Arrange-
ments, Betty Van Vluck; Decoration.
Nancy Louprette. Juniors; Enter-
tliinmcnt. Phyllis Parshall; Food.
Jane Aim Lolnnn; Favors, (lull
Travis, Seniors.

Joan Vlin Duscn '57 is chlnrnun.
of Phi Delta's formal wcckcnd.
Showboat is the theme of the formal
dinner. Chairmen of the comlnittccs
arc: Arrangements. Barbara Ellers;
Entertaininan N it n c y Schneider,
Juniors; Decorations, Lillian chott;
Clean-up. Jeannette Wolnbcrg; Fliv-
orri, Patricia Clearing. Sophomores;
and Flowers, Ailccn Cochrluui ’56.

Under the Soil Motif is the thcmc
of Phi Delta's informal dinner. The
committee chairman lirct: Ari-lingo-
inents, Barbara Ellcrs; Decorations,
Helen Koncfal and Helen ’l'llylor;
Cleanup, Carol Bell and Carol
Greenhill, Juniors; Favors, Ann
Hitchcock; liintertnlnmcnt. Susan
Durlsek. Sophomores; Food, Marilyn
House '

Beatrice Engelhardt ’56, Chair-
man of Election Commission, an-
nounces that nominees for Junior
Council will be required to take
and pass a Student Association
Constitution test to be conducted
this Tuesday, February 14, at 4
pm. in Draper 111, and Brubacher
at 7:15 p.m.

Absentee ballots for voting will
be available on Tuesday, February
21, from 9 a.m. to 4 pm.

 
  

. 3 I" .'  A
The more perfectly packed your
Cigarette, ihc morc p/cmlu'c it

gives . . . und Accu-Rliy packs
Chesterfield for more pcrlccily,

 

and Joseph Szarek ’58. Publicity
Director.

The State College 00-01) has do-
nated two gift certificates which
will be awarded to the concession
netting the most profit and to the
best show on the midway.

All proceeds derived from this
annual affair will go to the For-
eign Student Fund. Last year over
$1,000 was raised by State Fair.

PACKS MORE
PLEASURE

because it’s A! are Perfectly Packed!

5(1le Hamel/With a Milder, Better-Tasting smoke-
packed for more pl ‘asurc by exclusive rival-Ray

  

lui Acru‘Ruy (‘llL‘hlL‘l‘llL‘ltl satis—
lics lhc most . . . burns more
evenly, smokes much smoother.

HESTERFIELD

MILD. YET THEY /

  

To the touch . . . to the taste, Firm and pleasing to the lips

 

 

403-4414} 4W4

Dr. Allen Benton, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Biology, is co-author of
"Workbook for Field Biology" with
William Werner, former Albany stu-
dent and instructor.

Dr. Minnie Scotland. Professor of
Biology, attended a luncheon meet-
ing as a guest of Kamma Chapter
of Delta Kappa Gamma. a Women‘s
Educational Society, Saturday, Feb-
ruary 4.

Dr. M. E. Grenander, Associate
Professor of English, read a paper
on "The Platonism of Walt Whit-
man and E. S. Eliot" at the Modern
Language Association meeting in
Chicago. December 27-29. Her read-
ing was part of the American Liter-
ature program celebrating the cen-
tennial of Whitman's “Leaves of
Grass."

Dr. Edward Shaw, Professor of
Modern Languages. has an article
in the October. 1955, issue of “Phil-
ological Quarterly" entitled “Author
Versus Censor: An Episode in Lit-

  

. . mild yci deeply satisfying to
lbc illSlU' (‘licsici'l’icld alone is
plcnsnl'c-pilckcd by Accu-Rny.

 
   
   
 
   

 

erary - Censorial Relationships of
Eighteenth Century France."

L. Walter Schultze, Assistant Pro-
fessor of Science is author of “Na-
tural Science for the General Edu-
cation of Non-Science Secondary
School Teachers" in the November
lssr e of “Penn State Review of Edn—
cational Research."

Dr. Robert Rlenow, Professor of
Social Studies, is the author of a
new textbook for senior high school
students. “American Government in
Tcday's World.” published by D. C.
Heath and Company, Boston.

Dr. Luther C. Andrews, Professor
of Physics, is author of “Demonstra-
tions of Electromagnetic Waves in
Helices" in “American Journal of
Physics," January. 1956.

Dr. Edward Burg, the new assist-
ant Professor of Biology, formerly
of Cornell Medical College where he
taught Parasitology, will move to
Albany as soon as suitable accom-
modations are found.

 

 

 

tate College News

2-461 ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 17. 1956

 

VOL. XLl NO. 2

 

The play is written by Arthur
Miller, one of America's leading
playwrights who will be remembered
for his Pulitzer Prize drama “Death
of a Salesman", which was later

Arthur Miller's play is a sweeping
drama of the irresponsible pressures
brought upon a family by the witch-
craft hysteria ln old Salem.

ln Saturday Evening Periorm Oi " l h C 'bl "
M k ' l
Faculty Concert lhursday F W AM" if" Oi Witchcraft Hysteria
Music Council will sponsor the twelfth annual Faculty Concert next  y State College will play host to the dent of Dramatics and Art Council.
ment. Charles Stokes. Professor of Music, and Karl Peterson, Associate ,
Professor of Music Wm be featured on the program with two guest artists. government was submitted to Stu- from Geneva, N. Y., tomorrow night Lax.
dent COUHCIIWEdHESday night The at 8:30 pm. in Page Auditorium.
Doctor Stokes will play compositions for violin and viola and Mister The ' ' ' ‘
‘ , ‘ i i l, , . y Will present their production
Peterson Will render bass-baritone selections. Thl ~ r' -' Types Of Govemmem committee  .
c In 05mm meludes T110 provides for compulsory assemblies, 01 “‘9 Crumble" by Arthur Miller:
bass. with violin and continuo (piano); Church Cantata Number 182 for
Palm Sunday; Agnus Dci from the Mass in B Minor; Church Cantata Swdem Board Of Fhmme' and 3
Con v o c a tions Committee which
piano by Khachatllrinn; Prologue to “I Pagliacci" by Leoncavallo; “None woum pa Chosen by Mysm‘mﬂ and F ' ' H  made “no ‘1 movje'
but the Lunely Hem.“ by Tschai_ responSlble for arranging programs  O The H b t d W“, S u
0 ar an 1 ram lni i
   the Suite for violin. clarinet and Assembly'
piano by Mllhaud- The Myskania plan would institute b
V , een recognized as one of Central
’Ihls weekend Al )ha Pi Al
l pm and New York's most active theatre
Dwight Willsey: Stage Archibald both Iaijglatl « ~ ‘ '  "
‘ I ‘ ‘ . . ‘ r . I _ u I . I c: A ve businCSS and eduen- second {Ollllﬂl lush Dill £105.  girls
The first set of Advanced Dmma- WChLmlllelr SemOls- Mailing List tional and cultural programs. These will have 2 am. hours.
ester will be presented in Draper 349, baazhﬁgcgugh  F, 1 1 H Convocations Committee, composed The Alpha Pi Alpha SOCONd an-
‘5 0m ‘9 195mm“ Gil-‘3’ of both students liiid faculty mem- nual Sweetheart Dance, “Showboat”,
F‘eldman '57. Chairman of Publicity cock, Dorothy Harper, Barbara
for this series. Sampler, Barbara Thompson, Carole Since the Convocations arc therc- 1 {km M “10 Sheraton-Ten EYCk There wm be a reception 1“ Bl'u“
Nancy Glide ‘57. will direct A Saltzman. the penalty for three unexcused 1: ~ - '
. . l'cSident. c l ‘ r i - followm' the .
Phoenix Too Frequent. by cm.ist_ There is no admission charge and absences would be the deduction of are, Genem10:11:23}:foOgﬂffedxxlgg will be :erved (1:11;), evgigfzhgeﬂfs
uh I t t I I . nounces Barbara Murnanc '56, Presi- necessary for graduation.
s ows wm iappens Wicn a piom- dent. mngcmems‘ Charles Mch‘g; En- an opportunity to exchange their
widow. accommnicd b her faithful Miss MUX'INHIC. President: Sythl vacations to “0 comlmlsory; Swde - - . - -' ~
l y Dumb,” Vjuupl-Csldcml; Evelyn Lou“ Council will recommend to SA that “"“m‘mb' D’mum Ml‘llmi Programsv “5L
to show her love. A Roman soldier. Judy Vimmcrsmm M11191“. wqmm compulsory LU.” Sc - .. . - -
. ,V , , , I -  ‘lllOI'b, IllVltilthIls, David . . v
attracted by the light, arouses a new Westmlllcr. and Willscy, Scnlors; , - Blil’l'i)li"lls "37' Cl ' Ti some or the mow excenswe and
Those who may be excused iroln a ' ' mlmonesi 10m“ creative theatre work being done in
' , . _. DcSanta Trcasiircr' Beth Bccler
tasted a little too much of soldier s ' ‘ '_ ' . x, ' been legally excused: veterans, mar- uuismdems rm . .. . - ~ .
Gliylr Jacobson, Ann KlIlSlLl, Sicb- Med Students. those not assigned ' ' ‘6 d‘m“ 1“ lmo‘mul' college and university theatre divi-
soldlcr fall in love. and the body Marie Betros, Patricia Colosimo, _ m_ . ‘ ~ -
0f the dead man is used to save Miss McGoug-h, Snphoxnm‘cs W“ “5- Christopher Behr '58, and Brian institutions makes possible a wide
fP ul 3 1‘“? D t Ll f m M l( S The plan will be brought to the Moi‘ieilst‘“ '57 as Sons Leader and mute 0f (ileeI'inwnmtmh. and the
o a a cgu .) as 0.0, ie a l- '
flil servant; Robin Roy '58 us the ys an” ‘ ponsors fabled since it includes cmistitutlon- “DOW” Throwm u“, Ages” is the actors. desiilicl's. and lt‘l'lllllcillns
- ill Chilllfes. Next F“l " "a ' " ‘r '
Freshmen Reception E \ “my comm“ theme for Sigma Lambda Sigmn's i—“W w the ljmmwuml “ Sll‘wk‘m‘

M'C 'IS C'IDbiPl TG V
usrc ounCI ponsors 00"“ e 0 es ayers o ive er '
Thursday at 8:30 pm. in Pa 'e Hall. Two members f th . ‘ - '
Q 0 e Mllle Depart Mysknmaus plan for a new type of Hobart and William Smith Players, Admission will be $1.00 or student
Margaret Anderson Stokes, pianist, and Roger DiNucci, Jr., clarinetist. .
plan prcvmusly adopted by the New
VII in E ﬂat for clarinet, viola and piano b Mozart; Bach 'i..' '
y m r“ f0} enlargement of Student Council and announces Marie Devine '56, Presi—
Number 121 for the Feast of Saint Stephen; Trio for violin, clarinet and
kowsky. “Sumormenu by Wolfe. and for Convocation, the new name for T) L
 - we re under the direction of
. I   Professor E. E. Grifﬁth. has long
tawny“? glmn'men for the 00,1" compulsory convocations. The pro—
   s $01 me- }‘ltulml 1311131101th Sh,”- gram for these meetings would be . . .
y ey Mcphemon, External pulmch. changed in that they “,0qu include Sigma Lambda Sigma Will hold their groups
tics laboratory plays for second scm- Margaret smbbms '57; UShei'si Ba!" programs would be set up by the
Tuesday. at 8:00 lJ-m- states Richard are Susan Carmichael. Claudia All- be... .
-~ Will be held tonight from 9 pm. to
Waldron. Frank Favat, and Michael fore to be considered educational. Hotel, reports Whitson Walter '56. biiChei' UPDCF Lounge immediately
- l... ‘ . ‘_ _ guests are invited to attend. an— one quality point from the total
opher Fiy. This one act comedy '55 and Kenneth Goemer '57; Ar- vited. This will give State students
lncnt man of Rome (lies. and his Members of Music Council arc 313’5klll‘illls I’m“ “"115 for “11 c‘m' Lertainment Donald Murdock' De- impressions of the play with the
servant, dcc1des to die in his tomb rum. Miss McphCI-SOIL pm” pun“). only lcdslalivc convocations be Willard M01156“: FIOWBI'S. Allan D & A states "without {1 doum
interest in the servant who has NOW HHIliCY- SOUTH-“ff? Mill‘llyll V .. - . . . . . . . .. . .
Convocation 1110 those who havt MUHHI and WAN“ LthCl. Glhdu' America today is the product of
wine. Eventually the widow and the bi, . B . ., . .
‘5- “1‘3"” WC“‘“"““ Jumms' seals. and those with class or job In other happenings APA elected Sious- The subsidy Provided by the
their lives. Miss Gadc's cast consists
Assembly Loam. in its Gummy and Historian. respectively freshness and enthusiasm of the
Roman matron, and Graham Zeh
will submit its rccommcndations io

'59 as the Roman Soldier. 11
. _ , ,. . I    . . .t . i ., -, _ \itli L,’ too srldom sec ‘ . '?

Thelma“ theneghming' by Sen“ Mysknmu will hold u wcemmn :vliilldllnl‘lli(ﬁghisflilillhillullil‘d dlsllisslon ISL'Hilld'lulbll pii'try. innounccs Rich Amerizlm mmm‘ 1111‘i today  1111:

O'Cascy will be directed by Richard Tuesday evening froin 7:30 to 9 p.lli. 1' l m m" Md V‘HNCLLC 06‘ Presmem' The l . V I l H d “ 19L

Tinapp '56. The cast includes Wli- in Brubachcr Upper Lounge for “Emmi” m“ is Stileduwd [01‘ i0- thugh mu generous CL’UDCHMU”

lium Gllrdncr us Durry Bcrrill; all second semester freshmen and _ . inorrow night from 9 p.111. [0 l a.m. or me Sumo!” Absucmuw or suite

Klaus Kaufman as Berry Dcrriil; transfers, stutcs ’l‘hcrcsu Barber '56,  

and Anlitlisla Pcdal‘is, freshmen as Chairman of Myskunia. All faculty I

Lizzie Berrill. ’l‘hc Irish comedy members who are lidvisol‘s to those

deals with a lnmi and woman who students will be present. The lid- P P

exchange places in life and become ministration, Myskunln class prcsl-  

involved in quiic unexpected and dent, class officers and the SA of-

L I’hL, Shel.m(m_Ten Eyck.S For, Collcge, however, our desire in make
Grunge Suite. General Chmrmun is Llll‘.\U productions available to you
Burton Rounds '58. Other commlt- 1” “"“Y reamed“

tcc (lliill‘lllcll include: Decorations, 1) db A Council is rcncwing their
’l‘llomus Matthews; Clean-up, Wur— lmlh'i' 01' l'Ui'llii‘l' i’t‘ill'h‘ Ul invilihs f1
rcn Lcib, Sophomores; Invitations. rolivsc with a noted drulnuiics (ic—
John Gnuquio; Orchestra, Clyde pui'tmont to present li production

complicated situations. floors will also attend the reception.
Hm”. in Bmmwhm, Umm, Lounge. Pnynr,Jnniors; Master of Coromon- hero in order to give our siudeni.
‘ics. Alan Wcincr '56. In oilu‘i‘ ncws, body an l(ll‘ll of what typc and style

Modern Feal Oi Legerclemain
d I .d Sunday at 3 pin. unnouncc Mnrjoric
P S M Jvuvy' Bum Van muck. Junk)”, Joseph Purcell '57 was clcctcd of plays ill‘i‘ being given at nearby
r0    l  plcdgcmllsicr. institutions.

and Puli'iriu C(Jl'Ciil'illl '58, Co-Chuli'-
incii of the program. Both fliculty

Drumutics and Ari. Affiliates and
Student Union Board will hold a
combination Ari. Exhibit und Coil‘cc

Hy Alt'l‘ I’LO'I‘NIK
Cccil B. Dc Millc's most sprctucillui' illlii would uppcui' likl- ll sl-l'ond— lllitl Silitlt‘lilm‘ Will ’llki' lJiU‘L
l'ltl.i‘ Botany slidc when coinplli'cd with tho cxli'uvugnimi approaching _ , _
State like u herd of wild clcphunls. A‘U' ""”""‘l5il“”“5 -‘”' “‘0 “N “X”
Casts oi' millions urc prcpuring to prl-si-ni ihc llllllllill STATE FAIR. lilbil. will be lirccpicil. All cscurslons
Whatever your plans are for Saturday night, l“|‘l)l'lllll'y ‘15, forgot thcm! mm 11... “old (,1' “n “ll-mm), mp)”,
Everyone ultcnds Stutc Fiill', lill(l if you fliil to, cvci' your family \vill ,, . , , ,. . - , , ,
turn their bucks on yoil. In the first plucc, tho procrle of tlic fnir go “,mduh' bklumjh “1 “115M” m 0“
to it worthy cullsc yoll (lusii‘i. nl‘ull'rl. u worthy ouusc of bringing ‘llhl,’]“-"~ ("U'lm'lbmlmls [9" “w 9""
foreign students to State. and tliri‘c ui'c sonic gorgeous foreign students. IUD” 5mm“ b" WWW “1 l“ M155
Secondly. the fair is more fun than u blii'i‘cl of llcdrick's. Yoll wuni. Li”"""‘”“-
1 should tell you wind. goes on ill. the full"? Ali'cudy, l'li toll you. H , l , ,. , . . .
BOOM! The facility opcns tho i'uir at 7:15 pm, with it skit in Page. ,lll“: ‘bnli‘llltill'llliitillllyu/iit.Pﬁlilbit
cht, approxllnutcly forty-tlii'ls‘ groups on campus opcrulc conccssions ,“1 “1‘ ,li‘ 1' l I}, “131,?” ("5 ’01,
n forty-three ring circus featuring all the clowns yoil laugh at in school! Finn“ bu,” “10):?   [El/1L)":
Mcliiiwhilo, you'll bc walling lll hot dogs, pizza, and possibly chocoluic \ll‘ull,“ “‘3‘ in"  “_"h'_ “‘3‘”.
reofci‘s. The News will lJi' sclllno, its illllilllll Stall] (‘ollcgo (inns, lnot'k “19;” "lama I?!“H‘with?“,mvnbuf
nowspuixii', u souvenir to bc l'lici'lslicd for coils. The Vote, uppropi'nlfcly,   1mm", m (lmnlfllli _“m,lf _n, m,“
will be liclinl; out parts of "Mr. Robci'ts,” the ()uilnli Clllb will show ‘If “1 "H" Al lul‘wm‘ u” (“mm'
a, film, probubly on their latest suiiil‘i in Africa, and Myskunln and SC "M" I” “WW1 I’m“ CWHL‘
will oporuto activities inconocivnblr to the human mind lbut quite Cununm...“ rm- Lms ovum “m;
clear to it Stuto student). _ Student Art, Miss Corcorlln; Dis-
'l‘ho illlr tlikcs place in lirl'n-iically l'vcry llitlc corner of the school. "my Chumm, Mum“, pump“),
Thorn should be more activities ill the Commons than whcn sorority 1.;lliilnldlll(,v~ mqrcshmdnw 5mm“;
bids urn given out . . . and that's u hard thing to brat. llustcd Cufli- pm... I.“ Su'lfhumoroﬁ '
tci‘ln. liustcd first floor, and many hallways together, will house this ' ' '
muss hysteria. It should bo grout fun watching bullciin boards crush Sindcnt Union Board lllro wishes
down, Minerva splinter into blackboard chalk, and Mysluiniii get in announce that Shlolu Lister 'fi'l. '
trampled by wild herds of State Cattle. has been elected Vice-President us Above is ii scene from “The Crucible." Pictured. left to right are
The full‘ Concludes at H inn. with li ruffle. the awarding of Co-op a replacement i'or Michael Mlixilin Ellis Illuninond as Thomas Putnam, Annabel Brodie as Robeson plum,
prizes. and a huge the that will burn up half of Albany. '57. and ltunenili Frankel as Reverend Portia.

  

 

     
  
  
    
   
       
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
    
   
   
  
     
  
      
    
  
   
 
 
   
  
      
    
   
   
        

at“... were.»

“a...” .uCAMLIMLJS-w“ - ‘»

     
   
      
      
   
       
             
        
             
         
      
     
  
    

    
  
   
     
 

      

  

