 

nos: 1

Wherein Lies The Fault?

A college is in a fine state of affairs when a
student cannot arrange his schedule until the mid-
die of the semester because his previous teachers
have not had the time to correct his prerequisite
course exams. We are taught in Education courses
that there is such a thing as mental fatigue. We
see around us proof of it.

About one hundred teachers have been obliged
to proctor about three hundred courses (there are
on the average three sections for each course) in
ten days of exams. Over 1300 students have been
forced to sit in on at least four of these. You notice
the words sit in on. According to the unwritten laws
of State College and the verbation threats of some
instructors, a student cannot hope to do well in
an exam without at least fourteen hours of study.
If on the first day a student has 2 exams, pre-
ceded by a 4:30- Ed 10 class or science lab, how
is it possible for him to put in the required 28
hours of study in less than a 24 hour period? How
can a student possibly do more than sit in on his
three'hour quizzes.

The results revealed when various instructors
reviewed the examination papers prove that point.
From all classes have come tearful exclamations of
failure . . . more than the usual amount it seems.

Even the faculty has expressed its views on the
lack of organization shown in scheduling the exams
until the first day of second semester. Practice
teachers seem to have borne the brunt of this dis-
organization. During the ten-day period they were
forced to proctor exams, grade papers, and carry
out their final duties as practice teachers, and, in
addition prepare for and subject themselves to their
own exams.

The average student has consumed 84 hours (if
he has six exams) in studying and taking them,
about 80 hours in sleeping, and there are only 240
hours in ten days. He has 40 hours for relaxation,
less the time consumed in getting to and from the
exams and the library. Moreover, he must allot

time to arrange his schedule and to go through the . .

complicated process of registration. The straw that
breaks the camels back is the fact that the fol-
lowing day he must be bright as a Roosevelt dime
to start a new semester of work.

Somebody has the wrong slant on the nature of
the “beings” inhabiting this institution. They are
not autamotons or robots, but human beings, many
of them in their teens, requiring at least a normal
amount of rest . . . (so we are taught in Ed 10 A
and B.)

We are a state institution and must, like any oth~
er factory, put in so many hours. Granted! But
can’t the mentally fatigued, both students and in-
structors, be permitted one day for rehabilitation?
Wherein lies the fault?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Estebllshed May 1916

By the Class at 1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
February 8, 1948

 

NO. 14

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate l'resn Collegiate Digest
The uIIdergradmIte newspaper of the New York State Cel~

Vol. XXXII

logo for Teachers; published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS llourd for the Student Association.
I'lIones: May, 2-0110; Coleman illltl lioeht‘ord, 2-iil2li: Zinnl.

3-9038; (.‘lark 2-0870. Members of the news staff may be
reached 'l‘ues.. and Wed. from 7 to 11:30 1’. .\i. at 3-0107.

 

The News Board

ANN MAY - - - - - - - lDITonJN-CNIIF

CAROL CLARK - - - - MANAGING lorron
ILLIN ROCHFORD . - . - MANAGING enI‘ron
PAULA TICHY . . . . . . eron'rs sorrow
FRANCIS ZINNI - - - - CIRCULATION NANAalrI
RITA COLEMAN - - - - - ADVIRTIIING
CHARLOTTE LALLY - u o lunmlls MANAGER
lLlll LANDAU - . - - AsloctArl IDITOR
JEAN PULVER . . . . . AIIOCIATI enIron
JEAN OPINClR - - - - - AesoeIATs sorrow

 

 

Issue Editors
LANDAU, PULVER, SPENCER

AlI communications should be addressed to the editor and
mth be signed. Nantes will be withheld upon request
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS asstIIIIes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or eotumunlcatloue
es such express one do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

‘9

STATE COLLIGI NEWS, FRIDAY, PIE. 6, I“!

 

Reprinted from the
October. 1947 issue of rsouru

“I think one of these statues should be turned orounl‘

Copyright m1 by lseeire. as.

@m Woo“

——-——— By MULLIGAN AND

NEWS ITEM: England’s Bevin,
in a recent announcement has sug-
gested that the states of the Wes-
tern world form a strong “spirit-
ual” union as a defense against
Russian imperialism. The problem
is tri-fold —— for England, United
States and Russia.

 

The Cashegops' world, after all,
is a world to be envied. The cities
are built on bakelite hills and chrom-
ium roads crawl to the summits. The
houses of processed lucite reach al-
most to the clouds—under the earth,
caterpillar vehicles on corrugated
tracks rush the citizens of Cashegop
to the Uranium metropolis . . . to
mahogany offices . . . and work-
shops of steel. And the Cashegops
are a happy and benevolent people
. for they are the products of
love and prosperity.

 

Across a tossed-blue ocean live
the Royldeebubs, the dearest friends
of the Cashegops. Their bakellte
hills are not as high . . . and the
roads have begun to tarnish. But.
the Royldeebubs are a gallant tribe
and have braved the tempest of
change. A time of blood, sweat and
tears has alloWed a. little coal-dust
to mingle with the ermine. The
Royldeebubs are a moral people . . .
but they are suspicious of the
strange tribes on the eastern plain
—the tribe whose functions are om-
inous and different from their own.
And this is the tribe of the Ismoffs.

 

The Ismoffs are a sinister people
. . . black shaggy brows . . . and
heavy tongues. But in this land of
ice, there lurk murderous demons.
whose dark ideologies have brought
an age of terror and destruction—
and turned the virgin minds into
hotbeds of moral degeneration. The

 

(3W

To the Editor:

Knowing that you are vitally ln- . . .

terested in the student welfare, I
thought that you would be interested
in the progress of the new Student
Medical Expense Policy that was in-
stalled this year.

To date, the number of students
holding those policies is not yet a
majority of the school population.
The figure is not high because of
the delay and discussions held at
the beginning of the year. This,
however, will be eliminated next
year. There are still applications be-
ing received every week.

Service on claims has been excel-
lent, Every claim that I sent to the
Home Office has been acknowledged
and check returned to me well under
14 days. In most cases it have been
closer to one weke. Claim experience
to date is listed below:

‘ Days In
Claim Amt. Transit
Stomach pains  s 2.00 5
Irritated pimples .... ,. 17.00 4

 

SIMON -———'—'—

Royldeebubs are alarmed by their
peculiar social structure—where tra-
dition has been cast aside, and the
country is ruled by the masses and
there is personal ownership. The Is-
moffs have reached out with shar-
pened claws to catch the cloaks of
their neighbors —— to warm their
frozen bodies and turn the fields
into arsenals.

The Royldeebubs shiver with dis—
comfort and the spasms turn into
throbbings. Opgoo, Supreme Min-
ister of Royldeebub, stands on his
leaning tower and reads his procla-
motion—4.0 save the world from the
scourge of this Nemesis. And it says
herewith that the Royldeebubs will
be the saviours of the western hills
and the tiny states that dot the
countryside—hundreds of tribes: to
the North and South and West,—
band together and this synthesis
will cement a fraternal union against
intercourse with the man-eating
slaughterers of Ismoff. Opgoo calls
pleadingly toward the petroleum
rivers of Cashegop and the Cashe-
gops answer. There is rejoicing in
the uranium cities of Cashegop and
in the tarnished streets of Royldee-
bub. And thus, the death warrant is
legalized and the intrepid tribes sit
in anxious waiting.

And into the brew, they pour the
nebula of their fear . . . and each
day they would add to its strength.
They gather brigades and mercen-
aries, so that they would be pre-
pared for the attack of the seducer.

BUT . . . IF the culture of the Is-
moffs is completely
valueless . . .

. . IF the souls of the Is-
moffs are essentially
evil . . .

. IF the unity of two tribes
depends on the aliena-
tion of a third . . . AND

. IF the Royldeebubs can
learn nothing from the
Ismoffs, and if the
Cashegops can learn
nothing from the Roy-

ldeebubs, TIIEN, 0p-
goo, your solution is
too weak!

Thus, summon the alchemists of the
kingdoms of the North and the
South and the East. and the West
command them to mix a com-
pound, petent enough . . . settle only
then, for complete annihilation.

 

 

Grippe 4.00 11
Cold .... .. 4.00 7
'I‘onsllitls . 18.00 0
Abdominal pains  2.00 0
Cold  .. 21.50 '1
Operation“- .. ,  71.00 0
(tonsils removed)

Coal gas 'Ittuck  14.38 8
Infection 4.00

Influenza 231.00

Appendix attack 50.75 11
Diarrhea   4.00 6
X-ray, elbow ................ .. 8.00 0

This is a good cross-section, as
to types of claims and as to varied
amounts.

Respectfully yours,

ARTHUR KAPNER
Representative for U. S.
Life Insurance

24  In 

By J M BROPIIY

is given the widest latitude as author

although his White do not neces-
News.

 

 

This Reporter
of this column,
sarily reflect those of the Sun COLLIGI

We welcome the opportunity to make a few com-
ments as part of the Junior Issue by the class of '49,
Settling down again after the toil and turmoil of
final exams, we would like to leave these thoughts
with you.

CROWDED LIBRARY CONDITIONS

You well remember the crowded conditions in the
library this past semester. And we refer not only to
the exam period crowding, but to the state of confu-
sion that has existed in the library during first semes-
ter. Of course, with the larger enrollment, the library
is in greater demand. Many students use the library
as a study hall rather than as a referance room with
the result that other students who wish to make use
of the reference material are unable to do so.

Considering this undesirable condition, We are won-
dering if the Lounge could not be used as a study
hall—student conference room. If those desks, piled
high in the annex, were placed along the left wall
of the Lounge, away from the main fire place section,
they could be put to a more practical use and, at the
same time, alleviate the present crowded condition in
the library. We are sure that this would not interfere
with evening programs in the Lounge as the desks
would be out of the way of the activity going on in
the Lounge.

THE VOTING QUESTION

Student Association has been successful this year
in eliminating some of the long-standing grievances
around State. The much-debated Infirmary Program
has been replaced by the new Insurance Plan. The
Commons Program has passed through its first stage
with the painting completed, and with the arrival
of the new furniture another step towards greater
improvement will be made.

There is still one major issue, however, to be cor-
rected. We make reference to our present voting
system. The voting conunittee has been working
since October to make the corrections necessary to
have a more efficient system. Attempts to hold open
meetings on the issue have met with poor success.
It. is not the purpose of the committee to attempt to
dictate to the majority, but to get a greater range of
viewpoints.

This issue should not be lightly brushed aside in
order to get. it over with. Let us. then, attack the
issue intelligently, and come out with a better voting
system.

CHANGE STUDENT BOARD ELECTION?

Concerning the subject of the Student Board of
Finance—couldn’t we improve our method of electing
members to this all-important Board? Under the
present system we elect. an entire new Board every
year. Any member who has served one year and
would like to continue, must be re-elected in the
spring. We vote for two Juniors and four Senior.
to make up the board. Would it not be better to
elect four Juniors this spring, and next year elett
two juniors of. succeed the Seniors? Each year after-
wards elect four Juniors to bring the Board to thr-
required six. Any student who desired could sel'Vt'
two years, and this would bring about a better ar-
rangement.

There is more work entailed in being a a member
of the Board than most of us realize. If students are
willing to serve We years, they should be given
the opportunity without going through the process of
reelection each year. Under the present. arrangement
too much responsibility fails on the Junior members.

The time spent in practice teaching work often
makes it impossible for an inexperienced board mem-
ber to devote all the time necessary to carry out
the duties of the office. Under the revision we pro-
posed this condition would be remedied as the Senlot
serving his or her second year on the board coul
more easily and efficiently carry out. the ticcessnt
work and still carry the practice teaching load.

 

College Calendar - - —

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6—
3:30 P.M.—Intcr-Varsity Christian Fellowship Re
ccption in Lounge.
0:00 P.M.-":00 A.M.~Junior Prom at Auranlo (‘ltth

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1—- V
3:30 PMs-«Meeting 0f I.Z.F.A. in Loungi-
0:30 PMs—Junior Banquet at. Herbert's.
7:30 P.M.r—Sophomore Banquet at. Jack‘s.

TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 10-—
12:00 noon-- Record llout' Room 28, Richmde

3:1l01’M.AS.C.A. presents speaker .— Mtss luvs
Young in Itooui 206.
7:30 PM. Christian Science Organization Im‘t‘lll
in Room 100 Draper
8:30 PM Al), plays in Page Auditorium
WEDNI'ISDAY, FEBRUARY 11-—
12:00 noon SCA. Lenten lit‘t'illit' at the ilnttorttt»
Chapel.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 12——
7230 P.M.~.Ne\vman Club ltlt‘t'illig Father Dm

speaker.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13-—

3:30 P.M.—~S.C.A. meeting in the Lounge
ney Barton, speaker.

MI iilnl '

 

Newman, SCA
Will Conduct

Lenten Lectures
Will Consider Bible,

Comparative Religions

With the approaching Lenten sea-
son Student Christian Association
and Newman Club have announced
plans for a series of lectures on the
themes, comparative religions, and
“The Bible", respectively. Newman
Club will inaugurate its series with
a lecture next Thursday, and SCA
at a general meeting next Friday.

At the SCA meeting in the Lounge
the speaker will be Mr. Blayney
Barton, former Elder of the Church
of the Latter Day Saints. Mr. Barton
served with the U. S. Army in Eu-
rope during World War II.

In continuation of this theme, E.
Louise Young, a traveling staff rep-
resentative of the American Friends
Society, who has recently returned
from a work camp in Finnish Lap—
land, will visit State College Monday
and Tuesday to talk with interested
students and faculty. At 3:30 pm.
Tuesday, Miss Young will speak in
Room 206, Draper Hall, about her
work as a. representative of the
American Friends Society.

Eleanor Holbig ’48, president of
Newman Club, has announced that
Father Duffy will comtnence the
series at the meeting Thursday in
Newman Hall. Father Duffy comes
to Albany from St. Anthony’s-on—
the-Hudson.

The meeting will start with bene-
diction at 7:30 pm. Cards, refresh—
ments and dancing have been sche-
duled for this meeting.

At the Unitarain Chapel, Wednes-
day noon and every Wednesday noon
for the duration of the Lenten sea-
son, Student Christian Association
will sponsor a series of Lenten lec-
tures according to Marion Mleras
’48, president. Albany pastors will
officiate at these meetings.

S. C. A. has also planned a ban-
quet Sunday, February 29, at 6:00
p. m. in the Madison Avenue Pres-
byterian Church. Ivey Shippen ’50
is general chairman for this event.

Creeden Resigns ,-

Club To Elect
New President

Commuters' Club will elect a new
president Thursday noon, Rootn 206,
Draper Hall, to take the place of
Clare Creeden '48 who has resigned
her position. Plans for second semes-
ter sports events have also been ar-
ranged by the organization.

Nominations made at yesterday's
meeting are: Lydia Boynton, Lillian
Salani, Estelle Sicgel, Seniors; and
Helen Callfano ’49. vice president,
According to the Club constitution
Senior mctnbers and the vice-presb
dent. are eligible for the office and
voting is preferential.

Absentee voting will take place in
the Commons the afternoon of the
election.

An outing is planned for next
Sunday near Troy. Skiing. tobogan-
ning and food will be featured. Ka-
therine Flctning '49 is in charge of
rct‘reslnneuts; Florence Albrlght ’50
will make arrangements and Sally
'l‘schutnl ‘51 has charge of tickets.

The conunuters have decided to
bowl for fun rather than compete
in the league, although the basket-
ball tcum will participate in league
gmncs.

OTTO Ii. MENDE

THI

 

COLLIII JIWILIII
l03 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

ll. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
Established 1005 Phone 4-2030
167 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

'- -S‘l'~A‘I-'l gal-BOI- NEW...» JIIDAV. ~ III. 6, one

 

Junior Prom Candidates are:

Left to right.

Mary O'Neil, Margaret
Donate and Marion Furlong.

Hoei’ner, Geraldine Morris, Gloria

 

Red Devils Trace Three Gigantic

By EVANS and FITZMORRIS

After breaking both arms filling
out applications we hopefully arrived
at Frosh Camp, where we were
greeted with rain, food lines and
the innumerable blocks in the In—
glc Room floor. Now that We had
been assembled as a class, we were
prepared to face anything. From the
17th to the 20th we stood in registra-
tion lines wondering what was going
to happen next. After that We sat
in classes doing the same.

Then joy of joys . . . our unend—
ing number of receptions began.
They all treated us like humans—
then we met. the class of ’48 and
rivalry was officially on its way.
To prove that they liked our colors
so well the Sophs came after our
blood. (Also our tnoncy.) Activities
Day they charged us for assembly
seats and dates with Lashinsky and
Sullivan, but We weren't dumb
enough to sign up to guard Minerva
wwe knew ‘48 had a tenure.

The Forty-Nlncrs really showed
their valor on Campus Day. We took

the skit, the races and the cup,
while “they” took the banner.
From then on we were on our own.
We elected our officers with Dunn
as leader, but Uncle Sam chose him
too. We voted again, putting Bob
Baker in first place this time.
Warnings came out the day before
Thanksgiving vacation, just to re-
mind us that we were still at State.
Then Dean Nelson kindly gave us
a five day leave of absence so that
we could explain matters to the
people back hotne. After which we
came back to school to rest for
three weeks! This was followed by
Xmas vacation. With the new year
We went out for extra-curricular ac—
tivities in a big way, but these exams
didn‘t interfere with our education.
During the second semester we
presented our first Big-8, “And So
It. Goes”——and so it went. How were
we to know that ’48 was going to
have time to give us competition?!
With this little production behind
us, we counted our rivalry warnings
and gathered our troops together

 

BOOKS

CARDS

STATE COLLEGE CO-OP

STATIONERY

GIFTS

 

 

BOULEVARD

“MEET AN 1) lCA'l‘

IBBr-ZOO CENTRAL AVENUE

 

 

 

PHONE 5-19l3

CAFETERIA

AT THE liOUL"

ALBANY. N. Y

 

 

Years Al State

for the last big event of the year—-
Moving Up Day. For experience We
carried on an all-night siege and
fler our banner over Red Hook.
(Bentley assisting.) But with all
our efforts we bowed to ’48 —— we
couldn’t think of a better class to
lose to. (Anyway We had one cup
to drink out of.) At this tithe we
greeted our new officers, bid a fond
farewell to the Class of ’46, took
time out for exams and then de-
parted for our respective summer
places.

Fall found us as sophisticated
Sophs freezing at Fresh Camp along
with the Class of ’50. We looked
the new class over . . . especially

(Continued on Page II, Column 3)

  '

  

.ill Participate

'1 in College Mitch

Schedule Chicago Finale
For Winners In April

The Intercollegiate Bridge Tourn-
ament will take place this year April
23 and 24 in Chicago. .

As in 1947, the tournament will
be conducted on a nation-wide scale
with more than 300 colleges accredit-
ed by the Association of American
Universities invited to compete. Each
participating college will select a
team of eight players. As a result
of a round-by-mail to be played in
mid-February, the sixteen highest
pairs will compete in a face-to-Iace
final match in Chicago.

Interested participants are re
quested to sign up on the bulletin
board opposite the Girls' Locker
room.

The semi-finals at State will elim-
nate all but eight players who will
enter the college wide preliminaries.
If they win they will go to Chicago
for the finals. All expenses to, from,
and in Chicago will be borne by the
committee.

The eight; finalists will play 18
hands sent by the Intercollegiate
Board and the results will be re-
turned to the Board to be scored.
The eight campus Winners and the
game captain will each receive a
case, and those who take part in
the finals will receive a key. Min-
iature engraved cups will be pre-
sented to the winners of the tourn-
ament in Chicago.

Phi Beta Kappa
To Hold Banquet
Al: Pierce Hall

The Upper Hudson Association of
Phi Beta Kappa will hold its annual
banquet. in Pierce Hall Dining Room
February 14 at 6:30 p. m. Dr. Francis
J. Norton, Research Chemist, Gen-
eral Electric Laboratory, will present
an address entitled: “Recent Ad-
vances in Science Slides and Dem-
onstrations”. Following the speech
there will be a question period and
a short. business meeting.

Dr. Ralph B. Kenney, Assistant
Professor of Guidance at state Col-
logo and also Director of the Upper
Hudson Association, has announced
that members of the National Asso-
ciation of Phi Beta Kappa may ob-
tain guest tickets frotn him at his
office in Room 107, Draper Hall.

 

 

 

Nd..th L'. tifi’ JV“ "“

 

 

“Would you wrap the Dentyne Chewing Gum
as a gift, please?"

“That dame drives me nuts!
she says! As if anybody wanted to bother with
fency gift wrapping: to get at that delicious, cieen
testing Dentyne Chewing Gum with the rich. long
lasting flavor. Dentyne is a gift
cause it helps keep teeth wh'

Dentyne Gum—Mode

 

  

‘Wrsp it es s gift,’

.nt my price he-
Ito.’

Only By Adams

 

