PAGI I

 

I'I'ATI COLLICI NIWI.

FRIDAY. APRIL 23. 1940

 

 

lawsuit: 

By BOB TUCKEI

So 70

 

 

 

This Reporter to glean the widest latitude as author
a this column although Ma viewpoints do not neces-
otlrtly reﬂect those of the ﬁrm Cotton leo.

Pod o
1:1:ng weeks the latest edition of the Pedagogue

will be out, and the editors tell me it will be an ex-
ceptionally fine issue, in fact the finest we have ever
had. Recently in the special assembly on the budget
I became acquainted with some very unusual facts
about the financing of the Pedagogue.

Three dollars are taken out of the student tax of
every student at State College. In addition, one dollar
is collected during the year from those students who
actually wish to obtain a copy. Also, various organi-
zations pay for the pages they are given in the Peda-
gogue. These organizations are supported by the
student tax.

I was also told that if every student in the college
paid the additional dollar in order to receive a copy
of the Pedagogue, their finances would go into the red.
At first sight this seems to be a very poor way for
financing any student undertaking. The arguments
in defense of it are: (1) if each student who received
a copy of the Pedagogue were to pay the actual cost
it would amount to somewhere around ten dollars.
(based on an 800 copy issue). (2) since this cost is too
great, and since the Pedagogue is good publicity for
everyone in school, the expense should be borne by
the entire student body.

Let us remember, however, that a school is only
as wealthy as the student body. While we wish to
advance in the public mind the prestige of our school,
we must do it within definite financial limitations.
I am not advocating that we do away with the Fed.
But I do find it hard to believe that a more justifi-
able means of financing the book cannot be found.
If there is no other way. then it is up to the student
body to decide how important a role this book plays,
and if it is important enough to merit the money
which we are allocating for it. The matter will be
further discussed at the first assembly after Moving~
Up Day. Be there if you want a voice in disposing of
what amounts to 20% of our entire budget.
Veteran’s Class Dues

Several of my veteran friends were rather disap-
pointed in my flat statement that they must pay their
own class dues. Having been called everything from
Quisling to Sad Sack, I feel it my duty to explain
some of the reasons in back of the whole matter.
In years past the finances of each class were handled
competently, but rather informally. When the time
came for the responsible authorities to account to the
government for the use of the funds, it couldn't be
done. It had been decided that an acceptable account-
ing system must and would be set up to satisfy the
VA. Unfortunately, this-decision was made too late in
this semester to make it applicable. Next year, such a
system will exist. It is of little use to try to fix the
blame on anyone’s shoulders for the SNAFU which
exists at present. I'm satisfied that it won't happen
again, so let’s make the best of it and get the money
on the line.

Elections

I don't know what good it will do to reassert some
of the principles which are supposed to be basic
parts of our voting procedure. But here are the main
offices. and what I consider the principal qualifi-
cations:

President——the leader and arbitrator of our Assem-
blies demands great patience, and ability to act de-
cisively. Above all. the President must be impartial.
Vice-President—Except that he or she is a member
of the Junior class. the qualifications should be equally
demanding.

Myskania—the holders of these offices should be able,
but election to them was intended by the Constitu-
tion to be mainly a matter of prestige. I choose on
what they have done for the school.

Student Council—~this is your voice in the ‘cabinet'
of our student executive. They act for the student
body in many capacities. Therefore, vote for the per-
son who most nearly would echo your views on such
matters as budget, selection of committees, etc.

of course, if your frat brother or sorority sister is
running, disregard these qualificationsi
Baseball

This Friday at Bleecker Stadium the State College
varsity plays it’s first game, against Pharmacy. I
know that I will be accused of grinding my own axe,
but I'd like to see a big attendance at the season’s
opener. The game starts at four o’clock, which is
inconvenient for people who eat at the dorms. but
if you can come, even for a few innings. it will mean
a lot to everyone involved. Incidentally, belated con-
gratulations to M.A.A. for obtaining the services of
Illeccker Stadium for the use of the baseball team.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 23, lilriil
3:30 P.M.—~Intcr-Varslty Christian Fellowship Bible
Class ~«Gcrlcsis Speaker, Mrs. Traver,
Room 160
SATURDAY. APRIL 24
il:1i(ll’.M.~—l"rosh 111;; 4» Page liitll
TUESDAY. APRIL 27
3:30 P.M.~— "rcnch Club Meeting —~ Speaker, Dr.
Shaw. Lounge
7:30 P.M.-~Cln'istiun Science Organization Meeting.
Draper. Room 100
THURSDAY, APRIL 20
12:30-m1ntcr;Vlu'sity Christian Fellowship Noon-time
Worship-»~~~Speakor, l‘iov. Shaw McClean
Room 28
7:30 P.M.——Classicai Club Mceting~Flim, “Triumph
Over Time." Lounge

Diderot of 18th Century French
literature created his “Encyclopedic”
of definitions in order to change
the common way of thinking . . .
but our aim is simply awareness of
the implications behind terminology
. . . those time-savers we so placldly
accept . . . words that shield a mass
of potent associations. Throughout
the years, the original meanings of
words have passed through the
many steps of change . . . until the
point has been reached where this
meaning only barely resembles its
current application.

Americaaiism: Opposite of Inter-
nationalism . . . opposite of United
Nationism . . . that rare quality
that has become a defense mech-
anism in recognizing the right of
the Isolationist. It is used in many
forms—all including the nationalis-
tic tendency. It expresses an amaz-
ing need for a buffer against all
other kinds of "isms," perhaps in
an effort to renew its strength . . .
isometimes confused with “Imperial-
Sm."

Bohemian: To accept the conven-
tions of non-conventionallty. You
are Bohemian: if you frequent bars
below street level, if you don’t wear
shoes, if you verbalize on free love
and abhor authority. You are Bo-
hemian as long as you follow the
code that is termed “natural” by
the Bohemians. If you break the
rules . . . you lose your claim to
Bohemianism . . . you become “Pur-
itan” or “ordinary.”

Sorority: That which makes “in”-
people feel more important than
“out"--peop1e, with the inclusion of
a particular species characterized
by unamalgamated “sisterships.”

Loyalty: The thing that if you
aren’t . . . you get investigated by

By MULLIGAN and SIMON

cw

 

 

the Thomas Committee for not be-
ing. You are “it” if you never de-
viate from the master pattern pro-
moted by the major platformists.
To avoid the danger of accusation,
to achieve the spirit of loyalty:
avoid affiliations with non-accepted
groups. By all means . . . conform!
Your strength of conviction is mere-
ly secondary . . . “loyalty,” remem-
ber, means “blind faith."

Big-Wheel: Characterized by the
conviction that he is the mainspring
of collegiate life. One who knows
“Who” to contact and maintain his
status as one of the “who's.”

Intellectual: Opposite of func-
tionalist. opposite of pragmatist . . .
opposite of common man. A mem-
ber of that spiritual fraternity en-
dowed with “higher understanding”
and designated to guide the follow-
ers. “Intellectual” requires esthe-
tic perception, artistic sensitivity,
and valid comprehension. Because
science has developed no scale to
determine these qualities, however,
they are evaluated in terms of col-
lege diplomas, and honorary de-
grees.

Organizational Key: Synonomous
with motivation—a small artifact of
great and durable value . . sym—
bol of virtuosity. It is what . . .
“the more you have of—the better
your chance is of getting more of.”
It is, in the final analysis, the nec-
essai'y indication of profundity.

Communism: It is what you are
anti. It is red and totalitarian and
always wrong. It has no premise
that is analogous with democracy.
It is what . . . “If you have a choice
between it and Fascism, you ac-
cept the latter, as the lesser of two
evils.” Above all, it is unscrupu-
lous and revolutionary.

Subsersive: ssshhhhhhhhhl

 

60W

 

 

To the Editor:

Just in passing, and since it's the
biggest event which takes place at
State College, we'd like to know
just what qualifications are neces-
sary for one to be suggested for
Myskanla? Does a .99 average or
less—which actually means that the
student, according to the 1947 State
College Catalogue, Section 0, Un-
dergraduate Scholarship Standards,
is liable to be asked to leave col-
lege—insure the best of ability up-
on the highest body of this institu-
tion? Let’s face it . . .

A member of Myskania is re-
quired to spend a maximum of time
and effort performing his duties.
How can a student with the shadow
of expulsion hanging over his head.
give to this body any small fraction
of the talent which is necessary?

Speaking of averages, we seriously
doubt the validity of some averages
posted. Wherein lies the fault?

'l‘wo Sophomores.

Editor's Note:

In order to clarify any misunder—
standing or controversy which may
arise as a result of the letter to the
editor printed above dealing with
the concern of some students over
the posting of scholastic averages
on the Myskuniu lists, the facts be.—
hind their bcing posted are printed
below.

First of uli, nil scholastic uver-
ugcs appearing on the Myskuniu
lists \verc obtulnod directly from
the Registrar’s office.

Secondly, one fact should be
brought to light which may not be
completely clear to the members of
the freshman and Sophomore
classes. Two years ago a revision
wus made in the method of electing
Myskuniu as u result 01' dissatisfac-
tion with the system in use.

Al. [his time a poll was conducted
by the NEWS llourd which shoWod
that 415 studcnts were not in favor
of the method of choosing Mys-
kuuiu lill(l 262 believed it sutisi‘uc-
tory.

As u result of the controversy, it
was decided that a candidate i'or
Myskunlu should be COllSlf’lfil‘Cii not
only on the basis of his leadership
but also his scholarship. This wus
said to be one way of differentiat—
ing between two students who had

done approximately the same
amount of work.

One question which was included
in the NEWS poll may help to
clarify the feeling of the student
association at that time.

(The following question and re—
sults are reprinted from the January
11, 1946' issue of the State College
NEWS.)

List factors or qualities you think
should he considered in choosing
Myskunia members.

  

Leadership .................................... .. 224
Scholarship .............. .. .. 199
Service to State . 136
Popularity ......... .. .. 134
Ability ......................................... .. 112
Participation in activities ...... .. 91

For the first time last year. the
new system went into effect and
scholastic averages were printed.
Perhups the above figures will in-
dicate the importance of both lead-
ol'shlp and scholarship us felt by
Student Association.

To the Editor:

In last Week's edition of the
NEWS, Mr. 'l‘ucker, in his Post-
Sei'lpl.. quite violently denounced
the State College election system.
He uttuckcd practically everything,
including the cumpulgn speech of
the (il'und Marshal. Docs Mr. Tuck-
cr realize that ulmost every student
of Stuto College hus some contact
with Cumpus Commission? The
Commons, our only room of recre-
ulion. is cured for by Cumpus Com-
mission; the mimeogruphing much-
lnc is cured for by Cumpus Com-
mission; tho Lounge, the bulls, and
the keeping oi' assembly order are all
functions 01' Campus Commission.
i've left out many other important
(fillies such us the "vie," Lost and
Found, und Moving—Up IJuy. The
members of Student Association
huve more contact with the Grand
Murshui und Cumpus Commission
lhun the President of Student As-
soi-mllon. Mr. 'l'ucker. why don't
you recommend l.lli' removal of the
eumpuign speech of the President
of Student Association?

1 hope this hus also enlightened
some of those people who udvocuto
ilmi. (.‘umpus )onunlssion should
sl-ll'i‘l the (lrund Marshal lnsteud of
the Student Association. If their
reusoulng is sound. on the some
husis, Student Council should elect
the President of Student Associa-

tioi 1.
Pearl Piece ’49.

 

 

Your Decision . . .

Of great concern to a large percentage of our
student body at the present time is the problem
of what is to be done about the Pedagogue.

With the presentation of the yearbook’s budget
in the special assembly early this week came dis-
cussions concerning the cost per student, the dis-
tribution, and the value of the publication. Some
students feel that it should be only a Senior class
book; others think that the entire cost of the book
per student should be included in everyone’s stu-
dent tax; still others want the receipt of a year-
book left entirely up to the discretion of the
individual.

This is a matter for careful consideration. So
many arguments both pro and con may be given
that if these arguments are only accepted on face
value, we will find ourselves revolving in a. vicious
circle.

At Student Council meeting Wednesday night,
an Inquiry Board was appointed to investigate
this situation. We, who finance the yearbook
through our student tax, must know the facts and
more facts than have been presented. Not only
will the Fed be represented on the Board but also
students who have shown genuine interest in set-
tling the issue. Concrete suggestions and plans will
be presented by this Board in the May 14 assembly.

However, before this Board may present any
plans, the resolution asking for an $1.25 student-
tax raise to cover the entire cost of a yearbook
for each student must be passed or defeated.

Before taking sides on the Fed question, we must
not fail to realize that though the sheet of paper
on the Hosted bulletin board reads—surplus . . .
$6,038.99, below this item in red pencil stands
the “Payable from Veteran’s Administration” . . .
$5,366.15. This deficit under which we are work-
ing leaves an actual amount of $672.84.

To continue dreaming about this surplus is ridic-
ulous. It may be next month or it may be a year
before this money is in the hands of the Board
of Finance.

Let us consider the following:

1. The ’48-’49 budget has been drawn up llpon
the expected registration of 1,500 students. We
have no assurance of this enrollment and are $0.;
short on next year’s budget before September even
comes.

2. Appropriations were made last full on a budget
lotul which included the money due from the Vet-
eran’s Administration.

3. if the money is not received from the Veteran's
Administration, the amount of money in the sur-
plus may have to go to meet the budget for the
current year.

4. The surplus has been built up in the past from
the infirmzu‘y fund to which each student paid $15.00.
The adoption of the insurance plan has eliminated
this source of income.

Under normal conditions, the solution might be
quite different but considering existing conditions.
we should view this question on it long-range basis.
The unswcr might lie in increasing the student tux
to $16, thereby building up the surplus, lcuvim,v
ihc l’l'll us it stands of present for one your, and
making definite provision [but the followng your
Wt do one of two things:

i. l’rovidc that the student for include complete
cost of i'ed whereby everyone in SA illilf)llllilli‘illl_\'
receives :1 copy.

2, Make the l’cdugogue 11 Senior class book.

The inquiry llourd will advise- ~thc decision
is up in \'()U.

ll's your money; it's your yearbook.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class ol1918
RATING—ALL-AMEIHCAN

 

Vol. XXXII April 23, 1948 N0. 33
.\iemher lllslribolor

Asuoriiiiod f'ollegiuio l'i‘ess (‘oih-giule illiii‘f”

‘l‘ho lllniel'gruduule neWspuper ol‘ the New fork Siulo (‘0'

logo for 'i‘ouchers; published every Friday of Hill ('olli'lll'

your by the NEWS liourd i'or filo Sludeul Association
l'iioIn-s: Muy, 'J Hill"): (‘olemnu uud llnehfol'd, ‘J iiillii: Zinnl.
:i‘ilhllii; ('lurk 13-91170. Members of the news stuff may he
I'i‘lii‘lll'il 'l‘ueN.. uud Wed. from 7 in ii .110 l’. .‘\1. ul Ii iilii?

 

The News Board
ANN MAY . . . . .

CAROL CLARK . . . .
ELLEN ROCHFORD . . . .
PAULA TICHY . .
FRANCES ZINNI - . . .

' IIDITOR-IN-CMIIF
MANAGING EDITOR
MANAGING IDITOI

IPOHTI IDITOI

CIRCULATION MANAGER

RITA COLEMAN . . . . . . ADVIIITIIING
CHARLOTTE LALLV . . - IUIINKII MANAGER
ELBIE LANDAU . - - - AIIOCIATI [anon
JEAN PULVER - - - - - ADIOCIATI loiTolI
JEAN SPENCER . . . . . "occur! lul'ron

 

lsruc Editor jisJAN l’ULVl'lR

Ian...

'o'rAr‘I’c'oLLioi'leo. FRIDAY. APRIL 23,. me.

 

.,_

“PAC! on

 

Commerce Club ' 5W9 -- fad 4M ‘74. em»

Lists Nominees

For Coming Year

Students To Complete
Business Record Sheets
To Assisi Department

Commerce Club officers for 1948-
'49 were nominated at a club meet-
ing Tuesday. Plans were also made
for work experience sheets to be
filled out by all Seniors, accelerated
Juniors and possibly the Junior
class.

Nominate for Next Year
Nominations for next year’s of-
ficers are: President, William Bahn,
Forrest Hill, Glenyce Jones, Emily
Uznanska and Dorothy Parr, Jun-
iors; Vice-president, Joan Erland-
son, Lloyd Purdy, Vivian Steele and
Lynn White, Sophomores; Secre-
tary. Ruth Bauch, Catherine Stalk-
er, Lila Lee and Marion Oliver,
Sophomores; Treasurer, Peter Tala-
rico ’50; Reporter, Eileen Hayes ’49,
Inez Shippen and Philip Malafsky,
Sophomores, and Mary Kasmeyer
'51. Elections will be held Tuesday
on third floor Draper from 9:10 a. m.
to 3:30 p. m. Only Commerce
Club members are eligible to vote,
according to Mardell Brusie ‘48,
President of the organization.

To Assist Dr. Cooper

The Club has decided to assist Dr.
Edward L. Cooper, Assistant Pro-
fessor in Commerce, in a project
for the Commerce department. In
the near future all Seniors. acceler—
utcd Juniors and possibly the Jun-
ior class will receive data sheets
requesting information as to practi-
cal work experience in the business
world. The purpose was stated as
making information available to the
instructors when writing reference
letters, planning courses of study,
etc. It is requested by co-chairmen
Catherine Stalker and Vivian
Stccic. Sophomores, that these
sheets be returned as soon as pos-
sible after receipt.

Also discussed was the spaghetti
dinner to be held Sunday at Pun-
cttu's Restaurunt on Hudson Ave-
nuc.

Spencer,$toddarcl
To Attend Meet

qun Spencer ‘49 and Rosemary
Stoddard ‘bU will reprcscnt the
State College NEWS at a press con—
ference to be held at Colgate Uni-
versity tomorrow and Sunday. This
conference, which will be under the
direction of thc Colgate Chapter of
in Delta Epsilon, u nutionul honor-
airy Journalistic fraternity. will dis-
cuss problems and cxchungc ideas
concerning cumpus newspnpci‘s, hu—
mor muguzmcs, yearbooks and sim-
nur publications.

The conference will begin with
registration followed by u "get uc—
quumtcd" luncheon and u general
discussion. In the afternoon the
conlcrcncc Will be divided into
groups to discuss specialized topics.
'i‘omorrow evening there will be u
bunqucl ut the Colgate lnn und an
undress by Mr. Andy Rooney, sccn~
urio wrilcr ior Hollywood. The
l'ollll‘l‘i'lli't‘ will close on Sunday
wiln u generul meeting at which
reports of the mucus group discus—
sions \\‘lll be presented.

Al least 7:) persons are expected
in nth-ml this conicrcncr.‘ from the

 

Jill mvncd colleges ill New York

Slulc.

‘ I —V l

H. F. Honlkel & Son
Pharmacists

Estublishcd 1905 Phone 4-2036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y. [

 

OTTO ii. MENDE

Tm COLLIII lenan
103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

   

Pictured above in the usual order are Claryce Jeanne Perretta and
Davul Wetherby, who will take leading roles in tomorrow’s presentation
of the Fresh Big-4. “Spring Rhapsody.” 0n the right stands Georgina
Mogincss, Assistant Director.

 

Religious Clubs
Schedule Voting
For Next Week

Elections for Student Christian
Association. Hillel, and Newman
will take place Monday through
Wednesday. Members may vote
from 9 it. ill. until 3:30 p. m.

Nominations for Inter-Collegiate
Zionist Federation of America cam-
pus group will be made Wednesday
night at the Jewish Community
Center.

Hillel nominations will be accept-
ed ii‘ sent via student mail. to Irma
Bosch ’48, President, or placed in
the Hillel mailbox before 9 a. in.
Monday. Members of Newman may
still pay their dues and be eligible
to vote.

Nominees for SCA offices are:
President, Catherine Grant, Bar-
buru Houck, Jane Knapp, Juniors;
Vice-President, Jeanne Bowen,
C'u'l Byers, LuVerne Cooley, Soph-
omores; Secretary, Anna Brausch,
Ann Bici'ly, Donald Ely, George
Wuldbillig, Audrey Weller, fresh-
mcn; Treasurer, Joyce Dodge, Lila
Lce, Inez Shippen, Sophomores.

Hillel nominees are: President,
Jeun l-loll‘mun, Marvin Wayne, Jun-
iors; Vice—President, Adele Gerow
and Renee Hurris, Sophomores, and
Ethel Rosenberg '49; Secretary,
Hortense Zellcngoid '49, Laura Ber-
ger, Charlotte Skolnick, freshmen;
’l‘rcusurer, .lcun Hoffman ’49, Lor-
ruinc Grccnsteiu ‘51; Historian, Ar-
lene Zcilengold '49; Editor of the
Hillel News. Gerald Rclsllcr ’49.

Nowmun Club nominees are:

President, Juck Brophy ‘49; Vice-
l’residcni, Sully Umconiu, Alice
Reilly. Donuld Hoyt, Sophomores;

Sccrcinl‘y, Elizubcth Cuhill '51;
’l‘rcusurcv, Mary Rundull ‘50, und
Elizabeth Cushing and Robert Um-
holiz, freshmen.

Nominuiions for oil'iccrs of the
campus orgunizuilon of inter-Col-
logiulo Zionist li‘cdol'ullon of Amor-
icu will be mude Wednesduy even-
ing at if p. m. ut the Jewish Coni-
munin Center. At that lime u
meeting will be held und refresh-
mcnts served.

4

 

Strange Music in Your Ears?
AD Prepares For Production

Do you hear strange noises as
you pass by Page Hall these
days? No need for alarm . . . it’s
just that State's Thespians have
started their rehearsals for
“You Can’t Take It With You.”
Why make so much noise about
it, you ask? Well, it seems that
the actors have a problem. Their
sound effects aren’t ready yet,
so for timing purposes, they have
to provide their own.

It isn’t so bad when the cast
has to improvise by banging
the furniture and making like
the wind, but they seem to be
having difficulty in getting the
female members to scream at
invisible snakes. Does anyone
have any eobras to donate to
make this scene more realistic?

You can't blame all the noise
on the sound effectors, though.
Dell's ballet lessons and Stew
Campbell running across the
stage constantly help make up
part of the bedlam. Does it
sound exciting enough to at-
tend . . . We hope so, because the
rest of State will be there.

 

Freyer Releases
Financial Report

The Class of 1950 has released its
financial report for the Sophomore
Big-4. Totui profits. according to
Robert Freycr '50, writer and direc-
tor of the production, are $294.24.

The complete financial report
follows: Expenses: Arrangements,
$21.57; Costumes, $15.98; Lights,

$5.55; Props, $1.40: Make-up, $9.32;
Sets. $28.44; Total expenses, $82.26.
The ticket intuke wus $376.59, muk-
lllg if total profit of $294.24.

“I wouldn‘t do if again for the
world. but I would for the Class of
‘51),“ Froyer has stated.

One lmlf of all proceeds from
Big-i productions goes to the World
Sludcni Service Fund, and the oth—
er bull to the Student Association
Surplus .l“llil:i.

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

 

 

 

 

Swear Suor
mm“!!!

(M M 4444:!)
Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS —— CANDY ~— SANDWiCliES

Luncheon Served Daily

 

 

 

OPEN DAILY AT 8 A. I. '

 

Nelson” Names
Nine Additions
To Slate Faculty

Additions to the staffs of Milne
school and State College for the
year 1948-’49 will include a profes-
sor. three assistant professors and
five instructors, according to Dr.
Milton G. Nelson, Dean and Acting
President. There will also be two
additional college librarians, four
office workers and one new painter.

Of this group, one assistant pro-
fessor and three instructors will be
assigned supervision of off-campus
teaching in Millie school, while one
professor, two assistant professors
and two instructors will Join the
college staff.

Allocation of salaries for the new
teachers has been made by the State
Division of Budget from funds ap-
propriated by the 1948 Legislature.
State’s new budget for the coming
academic year was planned to per-
mit enlargement of the teaching
staff by nine members, to take care
of an expected record enrollment of
1500 in September, according to Dr.
Nelson. Increases in enrollment at
State are largely attributed to the
shortage of teachers and enlarged
opportunities in the teaching field,
he stated.

RPl Plays Host
At Open House

More than ten thousand visitors
from New York State and adjoining
areas in Vermont and Massachu-
setts are expected to participate in
the Open House celebration at Rons-
seiaer Polytechnic Institute. The
program will open tonight at 7
p. m. and will run until 10 p. m.
Tomorrow's program, opening at
2 p. in., also closes at 10 p. in.
Student representatives and faculty
members of surrounding colleges
are especially invited.

The Open House, the first at
RJPI since 1939, is the opening event
of the 125th Anniversary Fund
movement which comes to a climax
next year. More than 100 labora-
tories, many of them engaged in re-
search projects of national import-
ance, will be open to the public.
Numerous demonstrations, ranging
from jet propulsions and atomic en-
ergy to naval attack operations will
be carried on by students under
faculty direction.

The entire program has been de-
signed to show people just what
the Institute is doing and to bring
before the public the varied and
diverse functions of the Institute as
applied to the cducution of engi-
ncers.

    

' *9“ . K. .... A...   ‘
M‘Woii, I can keep the Dontyne Chewing Gum, can’t l?"l

“What's a little rap like twenty years if I can
have a want of
Doniyna Chewing Gum. Juli think—twenty ears
to enjoy that rich, ion lasting ﬂavor and al that
limo Doniyna will be p keep my teeth white."

Doniyno Gumthdo Only By Adamo l

May Announces
Three Additions
To NEWS Stall v

Two positions have been added to
the State College NEWS Board,
and one position to the NEWS Staff,
according to Ann May '48, Editor—
in—Chief. In addition, the present
system of having separate editors
for the departments of business,
circulation, and advertising, has
been altered.

Appoint Two New Editors

The positions to be added to the
NEWS Board include those of Pub-
lic Relations Editor and Exchange
Editor. The Public Relations Edi-
tor will be a Senior. He will work
in cooperation with the office of the
Coordinator of Field Services and
Public Relations. directed by Mr.
Paul Bulger. The position has been
created because in working with his
office this year, the NEWS has
found that the amount of work re-
quired and the amount of material
available need the steady work of
one person. It is believed that with
a single person in charge, more
work could be done, with a maxi-
mum of efficiency. The Exchange
Editor will be a Junior. He will be
in charge of all exchange of news-
papers and correspondence between
State and other colleges. It will be
his duty to scan all incoming col-
lege papers for possible news items.
Add Photography Editor

An addition to the NEWS Staff
will be the post of Photography Edi-
ior. The NEWS has felt the need
to have some one in charge of all
photography. The Photography
Editor will appoint his own working
stuff.

The present system of having a
separate editor for the departments
of bosincss, circulation, und adver-
tising hus been changed. In the
future. the business manager will
be in charge of" the entire business
staff, and the managers of adver-
tising and circulution will work un-
der the business manager.

The new members of the Board
and Stuff will be announced on
Moving-Up Day.

Colonial Bills Classic,
Shakesperian Excerpts

today and continuing
through Thursday, April 29. the
Colonial ’I‘hcuter will present
George Eliot's classic. "The Mill on
the Floss“ together with “Our Mr.
Shakespeare." The former film. a
re-rclease, will star James Mason
und Geraldine Fitzgerald, while the
latter will feature excerpts from
fumous scenes in "Hamlet," “Julius
Cuesur.” and others. Special stu—
dent tickets will be available in Mrs.
Mulsccd's office.

Starling

  

\F/M ’3
A

delicious, air: an tasting

 

 

 

