 

 

 

 

 

no a

f.

3 ﬁhri conundrum. rmoAv. MARCH to. 1043

 

 

:30 and whatever may .be of interest to

 

Southern College
Otters Positions
To MA Students

The Unitersity of North Carolina
has announced a limited number of
graduate assistantships in the dorm-
itories open to qualiﬁed graduate
women. The assistantships are open
to women who hold a college degree
and who present ﬁtness for grad-

a work.

u Each appointee will serve as a
dormitory counselor, assisting the
‘ head of residence in her services for
for the Welfare of individuals and

V i - I; II
"Wear Green

To Harp’szeRiot ~

(Continued from Page“ '1, Column 5)
at noon on Saint Patrick's Day.
This year the tradition will be .re-
vived, even though the party will

be held or. the night of the 19th
instead of the 17th.

It is emphasized that tonight’s
dance is not a date party, accord-
ing to Brophy. All students are in-
vited, and there will be dancing to
the victrola, as well as refresh-
ments and entertainment. Guests
will be expected to arrive suitably
attired in green. ,

he ou . In addition to her coun-
:elinggr ddties, the dormitory assist-
ant keeps student personnel records
supplementary to those in the office
of the Dean of Women and serves
as liaison between students and
University administration.
Experience in working with indi-
viduals and groups in college is a
prerequisite. Selection is based on
character, personality, college rec-
ord, experience, recommendations
and professional objectives.
‘ Application forms may be obtained
from Dean W W. Pierson, Graduate
School, University of North Caro-
lina, Chapel Hill, N. C. Applications
must be filed not later than May 15.

4am“, 4W4 l

Dr, Reno S. Knouse, Professor of
Merchandising; Dr. Edward L. 000-
per, Professor of Commerce; Dr.
Chester J. Terrill and Harrison M.
Terwiiliger, Assistant Professors of
Commerce, will attend the Eastern
Business Teachers Association Con-
vention this week-end at the Ben-
jamin Franklin Hotel in Philadel-
phia.

Paul G. Bulger. Coordinator of
Field Services and Public Relations,
spoke at a meeting of the Black
River Schoolmasters Association at
Gicnﬁeld, N. Y. yesterday. The topic
of his speech was “Things We Can
Do In High School To Help Stu-
dents Get Along Better In College.”
At this meeting Mr. Bulger showed
the film “Tomorrow’s Teachers".

Dr. Ralph Beaver, Professor of
Mathematics; Dr. Charles Andrews,
Professor of Physics; Dr. Harry
Hastings, Professor of English; Dr.
Charles Stokes, Professor of Music;
and Dr. Robert Rienow, Assistant
Professor of Political Science, at-
tended a meeting of the Association
of Faculties of New York State
Teacher Colleges this week at Syra-
cuse. The meeting was under the

leadership or' Dr. Herman Cooper,
Assistant Commissioner in charge of
Teacher Education and Certification
in New York State.

Randolph Gardner, Supervisor of
Mathematics. spoke to the Student
Council Groups of the Columbia
County Schools at Chatham. N. Y.
Wednesday. Mr. Gardner's topic was
"Student Council as a Means of Ed-
ucation for Citizenship.”

"Easter; Bunny"

To Visit Home

SMILES and Myskania arc spon~
soring an Easter party at 3 p. Ill.
Sunday at the Albany Home for
Children. Whitney's “Mr. Easter
Bunny" will be featured as enter-
tainer.

Wilma Diehl '48, director of the
party. announces that talent, wit
and an audience are needed. All
members of Student Association are
invited to attend. Refreshments
will be served.

“Mr. Easter Bunny" has been de-
nated by Wliltney's department
store to act as entertainer, first in
the small cottage for younger child-
ren and then in the program and
party for older youngsters. Charles
Miller '49 is in charge of entertain-
ment for the event. and may be

 

 

 

Spring Vacation

THERE’S MORE TIME for holiday
fun when you take a safe and
dependable train. Leave and
arrive as planned. Zoom past
traffic jams. By-pass stormy
weather, skiddy roads in thrifty
modern coaches, cozy sleeping
cars. Come back on the last pos-
sible train. See your ticket agent
for convenient schedules, thrifty
fares. Or use returh portion of
your Christmas”College Special"
ticket.

How to

s-T-R-E-rc-il

Your
Travel Dollar

Buy a new “College Special”
Round Trip ticket when you get
home. It’s made-to-measure for
college men and women and
teachers who need longer round-
trip privileges. Use it for your
Spring trip back to college. . .
and for going home after exams.
“College Special” tickets are on
sale from now tuitil March 3lst.*
Ask any ticket agent or Railroad
Representatch about ticket costs,
[‘t no limits, stopchr privileges.

For a Time and
Money-Saving Trip

3...; mm

The Inter-Collegiate Conference
will be held at State the week-end
of April 10. under the direction of
Robert Klttridge' ’49. Anyone in-
terested in helping with the prepara-

 

 

tions for this conference may sign ment, letters of application, ethics

Go by train

up in the Lounge Tuesday at 3

p. m., according to an alnnouncg d of mm“ m
A1109  lama a student Boar ~ '
mam made by ~ ' announced that those students who
Elmer Matthew" Direct" 01 the have requested refund of inﬂrmary
Teacher Placement Bureau, has an- fee may receive the“, mqmy 1mm
nounced a meeting of all seniors 9,00 aim. to 12:30 pm. Tuesday In
and graduate hsitudents1 alteregfﬁagl Room 300A. Draper. I
urin teac ng pos one I .
 “19' m m 2.2 “t  name‘sssws.°res
time an a emp w . . -
maide tiiiisanswer questions on place- per, Professor of Commerce. All re
funds must be made before May 31.

the group.

CHAMPION N. Y.,YANKII’I

voreo MOST VALUAIiI riAvII
IN ml AMERICAN tleIII

Were you ole/ye 1‘0 CZwleyfe/a'

THE FIRST THING YDUWIIJ.
NOTICE IS roam Mummss
flats" demure Io/tﬁeirﬁ’g’ylitﬁmﬁz’mﬁ'm

MMBgtﬂbam...

@LWAYS MILDER

BOSTON IRAVI’S

BOB ELLIOTT

VOTID MOST VALUAILI PLAY"
IN THE NATIONAL LIAOUI

 

 

’ A
4"»
k

 

', State College

 

' sorn’onoas’

. 13.8115 ~

,

 

2-444

Sophs To Stage All-Star Production
Rice, Witt Penn Have Leading Roles

ALBANY. NEW YORK. FRIDAY. 'APRIL 9. -1948

. l. '1 - i  voL.,xnitn Iva-.211
"B a , II ‘
OI'IGIIZB '

, _
In Musical '

 

 

Open conference "New Look” Seizes Commons

 

Today At State
Under Kittredge

Discussions, Speeches

To Highlight Activities

The Inter-Collegiate Conference
of the State Teachers’ Intercollegi—
ate Association, under the direction
of Robert Kittridge ’49, will begin
this morning with registration in
the Lounge and will last through
Sunday. Chief activities of the con-
ference will be various discussion
groups, while the chief speaker is
Social Commissioner Gilson of the
New York State Education Depart-
ment. .

Eleven state teachers' colleges are
registered for the conference; three
regular delegates are expected from
each, together with any unofficial
delegates who may desire to attend.
All members of Student Association
are urged to attend discussion meet-
ings, according to Alice Williams
'48, President of the Association.
Welcomes Delegates

A welcoming speech will be given
by Alice Walsh '48, President of
Student Association. at the luncheon
meeting Friday, after which the
opening meeting will be held. dis-
cussing student government and the
constitution of the Association. Two
other meetings will be held simul-
taneously on inter-collegiate sports
and press conferences, since it has
been decided that more will be ac-
complished if the conference is
broken up into smaller groups with
a sum-up meeting afterwards. Sup-
pcr will be at the Boulevard Cafe-
teria, after which the delegates will
return to the Lounge to hear Com-
missioncr Gilson's speech. A small
reception will be given at Saylcs
hall tonight.

Schedule Movies

Movies form the program for to-
morrow morning. after breakfast at

(Continued on Page 6, Column 3/

Religious Clubs

Announce Plans
For Future Events

layouts piunncd by religious clubs
SCA, iZFA und mile] for the near
future include a Student Christian
Movcmcnt dinner and a Council
hurling; church visitations spon-
sn'od by SCA and Hillel; and :1
meeting of the cmnpus organization
of lnlor Zionist Fodoi'utlon of Am-
rricu.

'l‘lu- bouquet ol tho (-upitul (lis-
trlci of SCA will ho lu-ld April 17.
ui 5 p. lll. in the First Presbyterian
Church. Troy. The program for tho
cvl-ning will begin with registration
from li-li p. m. Dinner will begin
at 6:00. At 7:00 u student pulicl
will spook; nl 7:30 u speaker will be
prosoniotl; ulul after 8:30, movies
and (lulu-lug will ho oi'l'mod.
Spr-ukcrs

Spoukor of tho bouquet will bo
Dr. Morris S. Luxuron MA. hill. 1).,
llnhln Enn'rilus ol' the llulthnoro
(longl'l‘gulloll. lie is u promlnrul
workor in inlcri‘ulih uviivillos.

The women of State College are
not the only ones who have the
“new look" if Tony Prochilo will
pardon our running his termino-
logy “lnto the ground.” The com-
mons has also acquired it.

Our question is "What happen-
ed to the beach chairs from which
the material for the curtains was
taken?" All seriousness aside, we
think it was magnanimous of
Dean Nelson to spend his Easter
vacation whipping them up so
they would be here to herald our
return.

Rumor has it, Mr. Verrcy of the
State College Co—op has noticed
a decided decrease in the sale of
cotton stockings. This may be at-
tributed to the new metal, non-
run chairs. We, the better three-
quarters of the college, thank
Campus Commission for their
foresight and understanding.

 

Langsley Wins

Contest Primary,-

Odak, Alternate

Donald Langslcy '49 was chosen
from the three contestants com-
pcting in the oratoricai contest
sponsored by the State College
NEWS. Wednesday, April 7. This
contest, which was in conjunction
with the Albany Times Union and
the Hearst Newspapers Orntoricul
Contest. was based on the subject
"Benjamin Franklin, Patriot und
Statesman.”

Mary Oduk ‘49 was chosen as an
alternate to the local area college
contcst that Langslcy will now ut-
tcnd. The points awarded by the
judges constituted u tic. Consc-
qucntly, the NEWS board was uskcd
to render a decision.

The judges were Mrs. Joanne C.
Cook und Graham Duncan, In—
structors in English and Dr. Albert
C. Hidlcy. Assistant Professor of
History.

The locul urcu college conical.
undvr the sponsorship of lhc Times
Union will be hold ui. lhc Albuny
Law School auditorium on April 21.
Sionu, Union, R. P. l.. Skidmorc
and tho College of St. Rose will
(‘lli'll sond onc rcprcscntulivc to
this contest. At. this time. one of thc
six cundlduics will be chosen to take
purt in tho Eustcrn Zone collicst
which will be held here in Albany.

A prize of $5.00 was uwurdcd by
tho NEWS Board to Lungslcy. 'l‘ho
Albuny Times Union is offering
thrcv prizes in suvings bonds of
one hnudrcd. fifty dollars. one inm-
(lrod und fifty doilurs.

Hint Orchids, Jungle, Roller Skates In "Spring Rhapsody",-
Song Hits, Comedy, Sky High Publicity Promised By Frosli

Milne To Give
Concert Preview
DuringAssembly

Milne School will present a pre-
view of its annual Spring concert
in Assembly this morning, under

the direction of Dr. Roy York, In- ~>
structor in Music. Cecelia Coleman A ‘

’48 will introduce a financial reso-
lution 110m Music Council and the
cheerleader motion introduced by
Wilma Diehl ’48 at the last Assem-
bly meeting will be brought back
on the floor. To prowde seats for
the delegates from the Intra~CoI-
legiate Association Conference, :1
number of women =tudcms will be
excused from Assembly today only.

Milne to Entertain

Students from Millie. appearing
in formal dress in place of cos-
tumes, will perform varied musical
pieces, including a few Fred War-
inging arrangements and some bar-
bershop harmony. The Milne choir,
the Milncttes, and a male quartet
will sing, together with a soloist.
Joyce Ruso. The numbers include
“The Lord's Prayer"; “Autumn,”
from “A Lover's Calendar"; “The
Night 15 Young"; "Way Down Yon-
dcr in the Cornﬁeld"; “Dry Bones";
and the “Battle Hymn of the Re-
public."

Excuse Students

Students excused from Assembly
urc: Senior women, center. main
floor—Row C, seats 101-110; Row
D. scuts 101-110; Row E, seats 101-
111. Junior women, right, muin
floor—Row C. seats 2-18; Row D.
scuts 2-20.

Tickets for the Milne Spring Con-
:zert, Thursday and Friday, will be
sold at a booth outside the Ceili-
mons starting Monday. Admission
is $.60 for State students, $1 for
adults.

Schedule Time To Check Posters

Posters to be displayed at State
College may now be approved dur—
ing the duy at. the Campus Com-
mission desk, located in the south-
east corm-r of the Commons in buck
of the violrolu.

'l‘hc Connnission pluns to have at,
least one member on duty during
school hours to approve posters.

Mullin Announces Meeting

According to an announcement.
from Front-is Mullin ‘48, there will
be un important Senior cluss meet-
ing. Friduy. 3:30 pm. in Room 20
to discuss Big—l pluns. Seniors must
lllsi) sign up for cups and gowns
by April 15. l

d  .. ..  ,.  .  Freyer Reveals
; ~ “  . Night Club Plot
 V I Big-4 Will Feature
~ y,  , , Songs, Comedy, Dance
v v ' ~ in Page Hall Tomorrow

Final rehearsals for “Bonanza,”
the Sophomore Big-4, were held
this week. The play, an original pro-
duction. written and directed by
Robert Freyer, will be presented to-
morrow evening in the Page Hall
auditorium at 8:30 p. m.

The cast is headed by Phyllis
Witt Penn. Arnold Rice, Earle Jones.
Anthony Prochilo and Rhoda Riber.
All music is under the direction of
Audrey Koch.

 Theme

Cornelius Goode IV, played by
Arnold Rice. is a very wealthy man,
who is in love with Sharon Bartlett,
a night club singer, played by Phyl-
lis Witt Penn. Sharon defers his

.1;

ROBERT FREYER

M  L I proposal of marriage in order that
she may have time to think it over.
. As a slight inducement, Cornelius
  gives Sharon the deed to a nite club
which he has purchased. The growth
of the club Weavcs through the main
Th U plot. In the course of auditioning,
Sharon meets, and succumbs to the
Mr. Elmer Matthews, Director of Eif‘tﬁgiyc’gfcﬁ‘fopgwﬁs' frayed by
the Teacher Placement Bureau, has pectecuy arrives “'1 tlgnelggl ungxn
released the names of the Seniors love scene bet“, 11 u m (:10 a
who have received teaching posi- comes enmng “(iﬁereulfgg an Mae:
tions through the Bureau to date. draws his m'mncml imagine; Enid
The students who have obtained leaves Sharon hommg the pl'OVel“
positions are: Samuel Dickson, bial "bag" Fight 561'01'6 Openmg
Mathematics - Science. Hartford; night-
Harold Baden. Science. Cornwall;
Raymond McNamara, State Educa- The Show is pervaded with seven-
,‘ion Research Department; Richard tccn musical numbers—rhythmical,
Beach, Scicncc, Caledonia; Kath- mDIOdIOuS and comic Songs'
10011 Bcll. Commerce, Westport; Vir- '. ,
ginia Dowd. English-Social Studies, muting [TIM .
Coblcskiil; Evelyn Jumicson, Com- Accordmg to M1" Freyer’ were
mcrcc, Schencvccs; June O’Brien, Wm be. no rushing for Seats' Every-
English, Schcncvccs; Donald Say- one wm’ be requneil to remain M
1m Semncewmwoman”. WlnS_ the head of the aisle until he is
boro; Edward Hodcr, Mathematics- escorted to a seat by one Of the
Coaching. Sclmwvees: R O b C 1,, ushers. After 8:15 p. 111.. no seats
Lynch. Science. Walton; Paula No- "my be SHVGFL Page Hall wm be
5",] Commcrm Tawny. New Jersey; transformed into a theater and all
Ruth Dorun, Commerce. Moravia: “lose m attendance are “Sked to
Henry Dmschcl' Social studios, follow the requests of the ushers.
Wollsvmv; Emubcm Woods, Elc_ lhc overture will begin at 8:30 pm.
mcnlury grades. Goshcn; Muric
Bennett. English, Fultonvillc; Mar- (continued (mpage I" 001mm”)
gurct Groxsbcck. Science, Wor-
Chester; Doris Huithwuitc, Junior C I S h d I
High. Ncwlicld; Chul‘lcs Bchunski,   c e u 
Social Studies. Chuthum; Henry I I I
Rubin-k. Mathematics, Chester; v D
Hclcn Honing, Muthcmutics-Sci-  
cncv, Chuthum: June ‘Pctri Junior
High English. Science: Shirley King. A V D
Junior. High Social Studies, Bing- t  
humton; Idu Ambroakl. Muihcmu— "GM Venice" Wm be moved to
{19$ Biology. Almunonu Evelyn Vnn DCI‘ZC‘L‘ I‘Iilil for the llllnunl
Crublrcc. Connncrcc. Adams; Coco- semi—formal duncc which is to be
m 001mm,“. Eng-ugh. Chest...“ hold tonight at 9:0 pm. for incin-
. . bers of the house and their guests.

To carry out the theme of the
Venice of yoster-ycur, the ballroom
will be centered by u lurgc spurkling
chandelier of flowers and glitter-

lush orchids, u hot Jungle soi—
ling. ronumco guloro then u swll'l
chungo of scour. Now childish \lilli'i‘n girls, und Illtll‘t‘ girls."
rosouml from lhc rollor skating "Spring ltllupsody is
court. and bright green bounios the ‘now look.‘
splash lho Si'i‘llt‘ . clues. wo hopo won‘t drug."
spulsh lhc scono . , . chu's. wv hope It lhc foregoing ('ollllllollin huvo
coming irosh lllg-i
(which t‘ohu's two wot-ks after the ol'
Soplunnui‘t' llig—ll . us we

Voguc says.
newer than
und longcr yol; ll

“Spring Rhapsody“.
were way llu- l‘rosh wunl ll

lhul‘s tho

:1 l‘roshi suys [hut “Spring l'ovcr was ovvl'lloul'd
novcr likt‘ this." lelsquh'o suys, "Girls. sody."
lo purlicipulc.“
sunds.“
Yuic.

' wuivo tin-
productiou wu-(i lililu ucluai huh! on tho lll'l‘, m]

ubout “Spring Rhap-
“Wholv l'rosh ciuss expects
«“A cost of thou-
~»"Exlrus in the cost from
Princeton. Vussur, UCLA."
l'l‘oshnwn huvo decided to
ruslonun-y tormul \vcur
night duo lo the ox—

“'l‘hc

opt'lling

pcoloti pro» of u crowd of thou-
sundsl”

ing gold. sumnomenlcd by gondolus
drifting on the Grand Canal which
will be urohod by bridges of Vene-
liun styling.

Lu Verne Cooley '50 is general
chuirmun of the dance. Other coul-
iniltoc ('huiruu-n include: Decora-
tions, i)()lllli(l Harold ’48; Refresh-
Iucnls. John Lchr '51; Music, Mur-

iii‘Sl‘l'VililOllS at $1.50 ouch muy '
lilg—l \vlll rcully

'llli‘y'i'v willing. to .ly

vin Wuym- '40.

contacted by any wishing to con-
tribute.

". r. mutants...

Pharmacists
Established 1905 Phone 4-2036
151 Control Ave.
W. N. v.

IT'S CONVENIENT—
COMFORTAILE— SAFE
’Ilynur vacation and: after this data,

buy a reﬂular 3-month round-trip
ticker. It'e ﬂood until school clonal.

AMERICAN
RAILIOADS

 

ho mud.» by all friends and nu-m- Mixing. lhc l‘l'osh _ .. plvnly u- m.,.vm,“ n Mm. from Dr.
hum of ihvSludcnl Christian Movo~ bo holllt'llllilgi bout tho publicity lhul can be ox~- , I" l ,. P ‘ ‘ 1. Mum, Wm b0 furnished bv the
nu'ni of N. Y. S. For rcsorvuilons Astounding! (lvcrwholming! li’ll period conu- next Monduy or so. Piilli‘l 'l‘mi‘mm 1“ mi“ “HM' 0 Mum“, Mime” “H “mm” ()l'.clw$_
slillii‘lilx should (‘Uliliil‘i liui'bul‘u ho stupendous! Modest rumors Publicin will put tho show sky Ml‘li‘il 1” 11W Siillv (‘rililt‘gc NcWSw ml “,‘mch hus’ hm“ cuumod for
lililli‘li '40 by this ullcrnoon, lpluntodl from modest l'roshnu'n. high." Also. “This will be u musicul "l have hourtl rumors by tom—tom “w “mung. *
(‘ouncil Meeting Olin-r i‘llllll lrcshnu'n statements comedy with omphusls on costumo “Will H ll'i‘hlllllilll lilllbf “11100

A Studan Christiun Movement lucludc: "'l‘ho frosh lilg—l will und soiling." And. "'l‘Wo sensatioqu 'Slll'mti lilliill-‘iiiill'-' What 15 11? Dr. and Mrs. Charles]... Andrews.

llll " "It‘s

« Council meeting will be hold at ovcrwhuhn you! 11's it now nmsicul hits huvc been written Woll, lhc nmvs hus abroad. but Mr. and Mrs. Arthur P. Jones and
ﬂLWAYS MILDBR [Barren ras'rmo @oown snouuvo

Lisle, N. Y., April 23. 34 and 25. (‘qllill to a lchlllc production." for the show." [no secret is still sofa. Come and Mr. and Mrs. Raymond w. Vcrrey

(Continued on Page t, Column .3) Life magazine tuguln according to Some freshmen mulerstutcments sec for yourself, Dr. Livingston. will not us cluiperones.

 

Copyright I948. boom & Mme Ioucco F0.

 

 

 

 

 

