 

,i,

   
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   

 

 

4 learn dates and data, to acquire.“polish,” to meet

 

PACI I

What Do You Think?
Why 'do we spend four years in college? Is it
feasible that we attend college.as long as this to

friends, to differentiate between a Big 8 and a V-8?
If this is ali,‘then we’re missing the boat. One.of
the most valuable assets that a college education
can give to a student, one that is sadly lacking. at
State, is that oft wanting ability .to form an opinion,
—-a sound unbiased view. ‘There are plenty who
jump at the chance to personally. advise another
or who, asked about a particular Situation and not
wanting to appear stupid, repeat what they have
heard someone say. Oh the other hand there is
the psycho-opinion, that which is formed by those
who want to follow the crowd rather than disagree
with them. .

Those who are going into the teaching professton
will be called upon to teach democracy, and democ-
racy after all is only a tabulation of the opinions
"of the masses; but to be a working democracy it
must be a consensus of SOUND opinions. There
can be no better place to form the habit than in
college.

Let’s speak up in assemblies, attend Forum meet-
ings, break open that shell around State College
and become interested in this place about us, our
state, our nation, and our world. Above all, let’s
not be like a State College student who, when re-
cently asked for his signature on a petition, signed
it and queried, “What’s it against?”

And not to change the subject completely, how
is your attitude on State’s many organizations, or
have you just accepted popular condemnation?
Instead of complaining as has been customary,
we’d like to take a few lines to commend the hither-
to unsung heroes of State.

Campus Commission is to be highly congratu-
lated on their successful campaign to make the
Commons livable once more, or perhaps for the
first time. After all, it takes a long hard struggle
to really stimulate any action on such an enter-
prise 'as that one, and now that it is accomplished
a little credit appears due somewhere.

Paradoxically, it is not State which has publi-
cized another of our most worth while groups,
but that group which has brought notice and ap-
proval to the college. We refer to Smiles and their
work at the Albany Home. Recently considerable
space in both the ‘Times-Union” and the “Christian
Science Monitor” was devoted to feature stories
on the origin and accomplishments of the organiza-
tion. It does 'seem odd that a group which merits
such attention from outsiders should receive so
little recognition from the student body.

Often we have marvelled at the patience and
stamina of the AD players as they face a torrent
of criticism after each production. Seldom favor-
able and even hyper-critical at times, they accept
all with the spirit of a martyr—-on with the show,
regardless. ‘

-But there are many more—too many and too
obvious to mention. Think it over. Do we have
to remind you?

 

STATE CCLLEGE NEWS

Established May 191 6
By the Clan of 1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
V01. XXXII April 9. 1948 N0. 21

Member Distributor
Associalcil Collegiate i’ross Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York Stale Col-
lege for ’l‘cachers: published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student .-\auooluilon.
l‘iioncu: May. 'i-lllla'i: (‘oh-muii and ltochl‘ord. 2-0120: Zinai,
3-0038; (.‘iark 2'0870. Members of the news staff may he
reached 'i‘uos.. and Wed. from 7 to il:.‘i(i i'. .\l. at 3 0i07.

 

 

The News Board

ANN MAY - - - - - - Ioiroa-iN-cmu
CAROL CLARK - - - - - MANAGING Iniron
ILLIN ROCHFORD - -- - - - usuaamo lDi‘l’ol
PAULA TICHV - - - - - - "on" IDITOI
FRANCII ZINNI - - - . CIRCULATION panacea

RITA COLEMAN - - - - - ~ ADVII'I‘IIINO
CHARLOTTI LALLY - - - IUIiNIII hummer!
ILIII LANDAU - - - AuocIATl IDITon

JUAN PULVIR - - - - -
JUAN UPKNCIR - - - - -

AIIOCIA‘I’I IDITOR
AIIOCIATI IDITOI

Issue Editors:

COOKINGHAM - DURKEE
FREEL - STODDARD - WIL’I‘SE

All communlcutlons should he addressed to tho edlloi and
must he signed. Names will be withheld upon request
The li'l‘A’l‘ld t‘til.i.iiltiill NEWS assumes no rcsponsibillly
for opinions or ircsscd in its columns or cciiiiuunicuiloas
as such express tlilzl do not necessarily reflect its View.

'0?

 

 

 

I‘I‘A‘I’I CONCERN... FRIDAY. APRIL 9. 104'.

 

0110 Law. 0pm

 

'1: Advanced Dramatlcs began. its
current season like a lamb, it defi-

nitelycornpieted it withtwo lions.

View'ed' broadly; both Miss Grleco's
and Mr. Russell's productions were
of decidedly better than average
caliber; viewed individually, the
presentation offered y Art Russell
was the better of the we. ' Together,
however, they afforded as pleasant
an evening as AD. has had to offer
in any of its one-night stands.

Hampered by a faulty curtain and
by difficulty with lights, the comedy
got off to a rather slow start. We
dare say the audience was somewhat
amazed to find itself playing hide-
and-seek with Jean Valachovic, who
was discovered in the opening scene
hiding behind an ill-placed vase of
fIOWers. Due to the poor voice pro-
jection and to the seeming reluc-
tance of the players to wait for the
laughter to subside,-much was lost
to those out front. The cutting of
the play was tolerable, and we at-
tribute the painfully siow curtains
to a mechanical defect.

Acting honors go to the ladies,
with special attention given to Jean
Valachovic’s sustained characteriza-
tion, and Beverly Coplan’s charming
portrayal of a slightly “earthy”

spirit. Bob Hardt appeared not
quite as confident of his role as we
should have liked, and consequently
faltered, thereby destroying the li-
lusion.‘ } .

We rejoice in the fact that Marie
Grieco had entrusted her comedy
into the hands of comparative new-
comers to our stage; We hope that
the promise which their perform-
ances showed will become reality in
future seasons.

The second play of the evening,
directed by Art Russell, was as near
perfection as State College could
wish. Its professional quality was
evidently the result of careful plan-
ning, direction and experience of the
director and the cast. The mood
was continued throughout, with the
almost perfect synchronization of
the lighting effects adding a great
deal to the play.

John Lubey and Ellen Fay Were
at their usual best, but it was a
pleasure to see Stuart Campbell do-
ing a part which prohibited his
usual repetitious treatment of lines.
Gold stars are awarded to the cast;
and to Art Russell we donate a
megaphone, dark glasses and a
bereti

 

 

 

7mlt-cfd2m

By THOMAS O’BRIEN

 

D. Jeneratt was always full of
spirits anyway, so maybe that ex-
plains why he hurtled himself so
whole-heartedly into rivalry. He
will always be remembered for his
heroism that day in assembly when
the howling horde of freshmen came
down from the balcony on their

hands and knees, and went around
trying to bite off the legs of the
sophomores. Just when it seemed

 

 

more popular votes than any 'of the
others.

“There is too much harmony at
NYSCTI" This announcement re-
ceived a chorus of twelve agreeing
grunts, in accordance with Robert’s
Rules. “There are too many happy
studentsl" Twelve more grunts. “It's
up to us to do something about
this!” Eleven grunts and a giggle

that the sophs didn’t have a leg from ChUCk Uhl-

left to stand on, D rose up like a
balloon in the midst of the fray.
Six bloody beanies, with the heads

There were many suggestions. Lin
Ching, who laundered the Order’s

still in them, dangled from his belt. “mes! Wanted ‘0 hang a few: 53”“

Seizing tw0 snarling freshmen by
their three yards of class ribbon,
he hurled them back up into the
balcony where they belonged. His
classmates, following this fine ex-
ample, all began to flip frosh into
the air, singing all the while, “We'll

Taj wanted to dynamite the Com-
mons at- noon, and Helen Fyre
wanted to burn down Draper, but
all these plans were rejected as not
being drastic enough to cope with
the situation. There was some talk
of adding another assembly program

Leer at Om. D... at the top 0‘ their on Mondays, but the objection was

loyal lungs. The unprejudiced, un-
biased, and unbalanced judges gath-
ered up eighteen campus commis-
sion buckets of fresh aqua-marine

raised that even the Order might
become defunct were that enacted.
t was then that Ann I. O’Laite
came forward. She' was held in

colored blood and only six buckets great “sped by the Other "Sitters"

of the beige blood of the sophs.
thUS awarding an eighteen-to—six

decision to the sophomore class.

on-Stagers" for having been the
originator of the famous project for
encouraging the pigeons to roost
over the front steps of Draper on

Then there was the annual Crush- warm afternoons.

ball game in Page Hall Stadium.
Thirty men, stripped to the knees,
from each class line up at opposite

“I have a plan that will solve the
problem with a minimum of effort

ends of the field on all fours. A on our part",

ping pong ball was tossed out and
each team tried to push it across Lame

“I’m all for it," yawned Indo
rolling over on his back. "I

their opponents goal with their move that we , ,,
, . , go diiectly to a vote!
noses. D was the how that day too, But the majority were a bit more

having had the ingenuity and in-
cisors to bite off all the frosh noses,

thus completely stymying them.

conservative and desired further de-
tails before getting their approval.

“We'll divide them into factions

In every activity, including the and encourage them to fight among
vicious vlvisecting contest, and the themselves," continued Aline. “If we
pomegranate tosses, both for dis— move cautiously, eventually they'll
tance and for accuracy. D was right destroy one another!"

in there. When it came time to
hide the class bandana. D, taking
his inspiration from Bill Grogan's
goat. swallowed it and didn't cough
it up until Moving Up Day. Those
originators of rivalry would be proud
of D. The present day classes are
surely fulfilling the aims for which
rivalry was (condom—or don’t you

“Hoorayl” shouted Giff Trubble,
brandishing a burnt weenie, while
Chuck Uhl rolled around the fire
howling with fiendish glee. All were
in favor. so the motion was carried,
and after one verse of “Dry Bones."
they all slapped off into the night.
The first few years of rivalry were

know how we whole tmng started? a bit crude in comparison with pres-

out day standards. but the spirit

It all began on a dark, dreary was the same. To add zest to the
midnight many many years ago, competition. the Royal Order insti-
amidst the distant ominous flashes tilted the Purple PM as the coveted

of lightning and mumbling thunder

. award to the victors, working on the

The Royal Order of Those Who Sit assumption that everyone, at one
on Stage gathered around their time or another. can use a. purple
smudgc~pots on the shore of what pot. Of course at first there were
is new Washington Park Lake to obstacles to be overcome. Such as
roast Weenies and perpetuate an- widespread inaccuracy with iland
other dirty (iced. One by one the grenades, and the usual complaints
thirteen black shrouded figures from the administration that it was
slithered out of the darkness into immoral, but all these minor points
the firellgiit, Having renewed their Were eventually straightened out.

pledge to “hate State," the members

Today, rivalry stands as proof to

launched cententediy on warning the outside world of our highs
notices while the leader. Giff 'l‘rub- minded seriousness or our compe-
bio, spoke. He was more hideous, tence as the future teachers of
more frightening, and had received America.

 

_ I o
 ﬂ'Mm’ o o o o
__.__ 9 my roar rieocnrto

rm. Reporter is given the widest latituae'as author
of this column, although. his viewpoints do not neces-
sarily reflect those of the Bran COLLllfill News.

In spring a young man’s fancy turns to . . . base-
ball, but they crossed me up and asked me to write
this column for the Soph issue. Like a fool I said
“Yes”; it's a good way to make enemies. So,
bravely I donned my‘armor and asked the guys or
Sayles Annex to help me' out with suggestions. Con—
sidering the fact that they're the radicalest radicals
at State, they came up with some pretty good points,
which are included below.

CONFUSION

“Why isn’t something done about those -*/ll; mail-
boxes.” somebody wants to know. Yes, it is about
time, isn’t it? It would be highly convenient and
do away with a. great deal of congestion if they Werc
strung out in a single row along the wall in lowor
Draper, from the Po. door to the center stairway.
How about it, Campus Commission? Come on, give
us a thrill and move our mailboxes. We’re tired or
broken toenails. 4

PEASANT’S REVOLT

Some of the peasants who play only pinochle want
a chance to discOVer the best team on campus. A
tournament could be held with these few suggested
rules: two bids around, no kitty or radio, play hands
only, play all hands properly dealt, best two of three
games wins. After all, is it necessary to be intellectuals
(bridge players, that is) in order to show our (turtl—
playing prowess? Aheml Could this be your depai'l~
merit too, O. 0.?

OUR. NEW LOOK

The new Commons tables and chairs are beautiful.
All we need now is more of them, say three additional
tables, with chairs. Also available are small round
tables of similar construction. Six of these would
make nice card tables. We can get them. you know.
if you members of Student Association say so.

STUDENT GOVERNMENT

You may have heard of the recent to-do over [111‘
liquor ads in the last issue of the “Primer.” Of coin-so
our first reaction was to blast at the administration
as “a bunch of prudes,” but let's think it over onw
This is a state institution (no cracks, pleascl and
whether we like it or not, we have to cater to [ill
whims of the people of this sovereign state. 'l‘lui.
are certain factions which would pounce on souu
thing such as this for the purpose of raising a l)l“
stink. Any such publicity would make it tough to:
the administration. Now, contrary to many opinion
the “Great White Father" isn’t out to give us u roiol.
time. He is merely doing what he considers i)l‘.\l 1'...
all concerned. As a result, all money collct'lt'tl 1w
the “Primer” liquor ads is being turned over to cluu lll
A step in the right direction will be for us to lake pim-
care in planning our student activities so that, owmu
ally such censorship may not, be necessary. \Vr'll
mature enough to run our own affairs; let’s prow 1'
by our future actions.

is lT WORTH IT?

Something which is hard to understand is llu- d.
crepahcies between liours earned and hours worlum
iii the stagecraft anti driver-training courses. Hlnzil
craft, requiring more outside work than most, ilum
hour courses. is worth one hour. You don't t‘\'l'll 
that much for driver-training. It". seems that Milli:
body’s taking advantage of the students concur-um
They know that those students are extremely illlt'l
ested in the work. since it. is the only way in wluw
they can acquire the necessary information and l
perionce along those lines. Isn't it aboul linu- ll...
the responsibllc persons realized that it's not lll‘t't'n ,o _
to penalize-students just because they enjoy llii *
work or because it's partly manual labor? The .\.|il
faction of a good pi‘ci‘ormnncc well done or u til'lh
well taught is a nice feeling, bill. it. isn't unyilm
like a. few extra hours in black and while on 
record.

A REMINDER

Tomorrow night, the Soplis are presenting: llu
big extravagi‘inm, “Bonanza.” It is going in 1...
terrific show! But of course. tits Paul ilriu-o 15-"
would say it) that's only thirteen hundred ill-illih
opinion.

 

 

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, lilAlu‘ll ii,
9:00 A.M.~-» Inter-collegiate (.‘oiil'crciu-l' begin»
0:00 P.M,—~Vluil)cr7.ce scini—l‘oi'inul (lllllt‘t‘
SATURDAY. Al'itll. i0
0:30 P.M.—~Sopli Dig-i, “lloiiniixu”

TUESDAY. APRIL ill
3:30 P.M.--~Coniincrcc (illub iiiccllng, Ilooui 1101
3:30 l".M.-» IZFA meeting in llooni 100. iirupm
7:30 P.M.~»-Mccling‘ of the Christian Nt'li‘ilt'v H:
ganinulloii iii [loom loll. lirapci'
WEDNESDAY. Al‘ltll. M
13:00 NOOii~SCA Clillpci ut illi‘ Unitarian t‘luu.
'l‘llllltSDAY, Allltll. if)
13:00 Noon IVCF Noon-limo Worship in lloom 
Richardson; speaker. Util‘tilllt'lt On
0:30 PM. Dr. Charles Andrea's speaks on ht'lt'iiil
program broadcast from WilOW
li‘ltlDAY. Al'ltll. id
3130 P.M.~~Blbie study group in ltooiii ll‘iu. llu-lH
SATURDAY. Al’itll. l'i
5:00 P.M.—~SOIA banquet. il'il'Si: Presbyterian (‘ililli Ii
Troy

 

 

our: COLLEGINIWI. snip". Annie's. i.er _

By HEINZ ENGEL.  . “fl-3 w") as 4,.

To Attend Finals ..
So what of lt—so the bands didn’t .

Will Fly TO ClilCdSO play, so the mayor wasn't there to'
For B"de Tournam¢nt give the key to the city—but title I
Anita Olson and Marie Holz. Jun- Xéiomgemztaiﬁ 02:33:32! szre
iors, have been invited to attend the 1946 state College hemme‘: a n y" '
finals at Chicago of the Intercol- ham, class_the claps of .50 ew ’
legiate Bridge Tournament on April L I
23 and 24.

.  I  
    ,VerietyProsrem

B‘oyeScoug,   .
Al child”... 

~ - 1 “In:
Albany Home f9 Childrehﬂill be
the scene of favor ety program pre-
sented by Boy- Scout accept 910' from
st. Marie's Church.5: ‘Cohoesﬁ next
Sunday, according to William Bel-
anger ’49, scoutmaster.

  

Bridge Winners

- -. ~l- . "r r

    

Rapidly the news spread and huge
and successful babyshowers (com-
monly knowu as receptions) were
prepared where the newcomer was
pampered and we smiled obllgingly
when we were asked to.

Approximately 30 scouts. in uni-
form, will give first aid demonstra-
tions, sing, produce skits and join
the children in games afterwards.
Assistant scoutmaster, Cameron
Goode, is to act as magician. Scout
equipment will be exhibited and
tentative plans are being made for
a raffle of articles constructed by
the troop. Refreshments will be
served.

This program is sponsored by
SMILES; all students areinvited to
attend, according to Charles Miller
'49, President of the organization.

These students were chosen after
two tournaments were held at State
in Februarv. The first was an
intro-collegiate tournament from
which the eight highest players '
were selected to take part in a The first real interest in our on-
second tournament in which ap- coming obligatiml and fUture en-
DI‘OXimﬂtely 100 coneges throughOUt deavors was expressed on Activities

the country participated. The top
16 scores tallied by partners in this Day' With Wide open eyes we walkea

tournament; Were named by the into a me fun or acmvmes and
Intercollegiate Bridge Tournament Pitfalls (that day, $12 worth to be
Committee to compete in the finals. exact) It was only fittin
_ , . . g that

Miss Olson and Miss Holz were . l
among these 16. about this time the growing class

should cloth its modesty in some-

The two finalists will fly to Chi- thine fitting its position. and what t

cage and will stay at the Hotel COUld have been batter than 8 bailif-
Drakc. A formal dinner is sched- blue flag. .  u 
ulcd for the first night in order to
Welcome and imroducc the players. At about this time! a Strange dls_ body was at _ . . and got . . ., on leadership of Bob Fi‘eyer we will do  
All expenses will be paid by the easel madeudltsglfi knle/Iwnlrtliie (ii/ID. milk, of course. our best to do a good Job.
Commime in ciargc . . .e. ys aha — ~

in said that it was a childreng dis_ After a three months recuperation This is the Sophomore history midi-15$ ﬁgnf'lmttﬁrer’ ASSiStant
This is the ﬁrst time that state ease caped Rivalry, and it would period we came back and found that (fooled you. you thought that all e550 0 g S ’ as announced

_ , V . V , , . the list of students named to the
College has sent students to this lJlDbﬂbli’ bleak OUL In all sorts of anew bunch of urchins had mo ed - - ~
annual tournament. Gedrge Pom, Symptoms. To mm itself for [my . v this was about the Canadian quad- Advanced Di amatics class for next

Graduate. is 'l‘ouriiumenl'. Director emergency. though, baby out a beau— mm our “Eighmrhmd' Naturally we mph“). It is “at the complete NS- sf/Fm‘. Elms gmu’p' hllhicn is Choosen
for the college. “ml set of teem; some of them were introduced them—sort of friendly tory though; many, many more 10m “5 years emenmry Dm'
Fr RS  (33125369531131 £26 pose we grew our second set of will only be judged by the coming The class includes: Joseph Keefe'
. ; 5
AD P I C 1. teeth. This time they turned out to generations, and by the classes that Jeanne valacmwc’ Dania Rider'
0y  In physical strength we grew fast. 1 . look 11) to us a- b- i '
our early football game showed that. da R bel and Dee Webber' and With 1 5 £1 Cg lining of a Ciucilla, Joan Farrell. Joan French,

a I _ Us a lime while to lean, to talk started to pitch into our adversaries. 1 . .- . .
MLS A, I E. I . ‘ L r , n adveise situations united fOi the

‘ 5”” Flume" A‘S'St‘mt the debate proves that. First we took it sort of easy and let benefit of all.

Dick Feathers (Pl'es.i Doris Price likE——but soon afterwards the in— chapters are to be written. As with mamcs cmss' conSiStS 0f Simeon Stu-

worth it, Juniors; James Baumgarten, Mar-

The cast my Advanced Dmmatlcs» In some things we mgng It took such prenmmmy preparations we proud tradition; a proud class with Marjorie Lyons, Earle Jones. Cath-
Proi‘i-ssor of English. The play,

sornomone nasx nmrons
Left to right—Durkee. Stoddard, Freei, Wiltse, Cookingham

 

~ . . , dents.
tVice Pi.l, Tom McCiacken (Sec), evitable fight began. For this pur- any and all histories, its importance
be Tony Prochllo, Boy Freyer, Rho- will follow us who will. we hope. tin Bush, George Christy. Joseph
Spring may has been announced by good leaders and at all times even erine Noonan. Anthony Prochilo.

Rhoda Riber, Lorice Schain, and
Phyllis Wittpenn, Sophomores.

W100“ W35 “'l'iiit‘ll by Moss Hart Ono memorable day in our young them take me campus Day Skit' I
and George Kaufman. will be pre- life must be remembered, that was Just to lure “16m “"0 false Security ‘

STUDY REFRESHED
HAVE A CUBA-COLA

sciilccl in Page Hull Auditorium on Campus Day. Just imagine, we were but then we really got started.
Mlll’ 21 and 22. forced to hide our blue panties and W l d u d l
‘ H V , ‘ ‘ . . W search for somebody else's red ones. e pus ‘0 “3m “mun n pl‘Sh‘
ng‘nlgltoptolihéVillemill: 1iglliiy igcludhg. so” of hard on us Sumo we just ball. we paddled them in Ping Pong.
ESQ“; Emit]: be”  Rtlll‘b ayM( ‘, got ours, buL thank goodness some We beat them with bare facts in
Girl‘th '40. PM”  'C'ultoi‘l. Jaliy mixup occurred and we got ours our bald‘headed debate. There were
Luva .48. .Ml'. DC 513.0111 10, Pen} “Ck. Thuhvus not “11mm Campus many others, some of them we do
Bin-mo“ ,Clmmu“ Ed nari‘1 {111‘ Day had m Store for “a We had not. like to talk about . . . (I believe
“Sk‘m'  'Dum‘lk‘l' Swat”  also to Show up our little act. Our 1" those “'0 lost"
bcll ’48: Martin Vandcrliof, Harold Own-(£3 331,031; bwltiws. Wily we“ per-
Mills '49; Alice, Elizabeth Franks “mum " O my”
’ilgilVileiiitllgrsoik 1i}ob-crt Lynch :48; At about this time we had some class of 50 has grown up and intelli-
Bm'i.‘ Kdvillh iv igi‘quissell d8; 01 1m:mostmaxim-gmng pains. gent participation in all activities
'49. .Cllv W ‘tllli()\'.l lLC‘t‘lle Baion we did things we would never have has become a byword. News staff.
.48.. Nile.) Kiel YllgFOil‘,“ ilOilﬂ Jat’lcr dime alum-Wise; with right, it; was Press Bureau. Orchestra all are or-
Mr.R Km), 103.31.] :Ytl‘hon Klnn '49; called Hell week. And so we grew dcntly supported by us.
Ow; Bwy‘i‘l’aqii‘iiyiii' (Donnell); 40: up. sometimes the hard way. At
Me...   ‘Inilil‘i... 4.), ’and Stage times it was even said that the class Our mental growth did not lag
.uagti, Muiic (llll‘CO 49. was up wot but iimi, is understand- behind; on a recent Dean’s list We

. ible ii i b by l  i it k 1 ~ -
  Sponsor i l l. u cuss illllgilt“1:03:11{Digitillﬂgtnléglst oveiwlielm
Classes in Journalism

But our little world did not only
consist of Rivalry . the baby

Toward the end of our first year
We were forced to but on a play AS you see us now. we are no
I rm. 0,". relatives, The meme was. longer a bowling inexperienced baby
.ltlil‘l'llllilh'lll class-cs sponsored by as it. should be in any childhood. in ii “We MUG dull-)0? DUE 0 “ill
the State College NEWS will begin :1 Fairy Talc. some of the main l-l'l‘OWU 01085 With 11 WOW blue bim‘
’ll‘l‘xi Friday allcriiooii at 3:30 p.111. characters were King Rice. Ciii- “(‘1' “’00 has lllldt‘l'iitlkcll ll STEM
illt'st' classes are being offered to dcrubncr Berton. Princess Glockiier, ill-‘ik ‘0 lll'OVI' “5 \i'Ul'ih. W0 iNWO
all students who cxpci-l to manage Princess Dt‘Clll‘lO. Fairy Godfather “C(‘t‘lm‘ii ll (“SK 011d lmdt‘l' “10
u lilgli .\t'll()(il iic\\'.~.pupcr, especially Lyons and Poppa MrCi‘uckcii.

il'Olll the Senior class. 'l‘hosc inter-
l-slod should sign iilt‘il‘ names on W" W“ n 1‘" “f “""k mi" it’ 9“"
the sheet hosted outside illl‘ P.O. “Thu” Earl“ Jum‘s' Who (“muted 

‘ I ' _ iilt‘ show. but it seems that the rela-
(losses will be run by the editor tires liked big sister's act. better 

 

:lllti associate editors of the NEWS, and they goi iilt‘ ovullilic thug
llllfl u'ill lllt'ili(it‘ all aspects of Neu's- I
ililllt‘i' work. including advertising. “mm” (“‘3' in our “mm: “xm‘
printing. “Tiling “wimp”... and f1- lllll't' \\'l‘ can't forget is Moving-UP-
iiuiu-os, in ii... 1...... “mom” Mm. Day. \Viliit‘ and blue was our trade
21, lilo grill”) Wm pig-p, u“. Kmpkvrl mark illlli day. and even though the
illlt‘kl'l' News plant. \vcullicr gave us the cold shoulder
'l‘wl . ~ . .  we guru a hot iiitcrprclulloii of a
. «xi )(lUi\ loi illt‘ piole is lilt‘ radio show. We even surprised our-
hilillit‘lli i‘itillt)l">§ Manual," \\'i'illcli sclrcs; with a winning song we ‘ ‘
'0 quii Nash and illustrated by ciidcd rivalry. We also surprised
lllazli ll'Ul‘. oursclrcs afterwards. I guess i-vci'y-

“Portraiture At Its Finest"

HOLLYWOOD COMES
[CAST TO TA KE
YOUR PORTRAIT

.._—...

Close-Out on Children’s Books
50% OFF ‘ ‘

I')X('lill.i.l'1.\”l‘ (ilii‘Th‘ ll‘Oli t‘illllelilN

iiili'. Now for Future (iii'i Needs

STATE COLLEGE CO-OP

 

dikfar it cit/w way . . . bot/i
OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 Dmy frolic-mark: Imam flit more thing.
Evenings by appointment
cornea UNDER AUiHORllY or "ii cocacou COMPANY or
ALBANY COCO—COLA BO'I‘TLING CO.
(9) l9“. iii. Cocu~Coio Company

TELEPHONE Fm“
till MADISON AVINUI

 

 

 

 

 

