 

 

maniac

Students?rioui‘lcil : em” m u I ii 1.” I
Plans Banquet '

‘ it :
Business waiting“, “for. am. To the Ed or ‘
dent odll‘nc'il, at its resular weekly Many campuses o: the n

«an orthonormal” __ . e“. urology. Aroma. luo

 

 

' To Join  yBig-4 Production
 Tomorrow Nighi
mew“. “eluded 91”“ 1°” Student have organized student political or-

Attendmﬁ. the‘ Win“! 3mm! (Contmuadlmm Page 1. Column
failméiﬁ’dtﬁlint‘imtﬁ“  were” as i am °‘ “mm  its iffnnf‘iittﬁfi‘tﬁ M... n... we... w... n... n 3-40
Also in, the 40"!“ 0‘ “Wine” “5 “m and discuss“ M the will”? will be Mrsriﬁertha E-_ .Brinimcr.‘ p.m., but tickets will be available
discussion of a inotionulio1 bfupga- situation in an election Yeah Secretary of the Association, an: at the door until 9:00 p.m. when
ﬁmiui’lt suggigsggmas made shat Whether 0" “0'5 9‘ Student is or ggréilgsa‘iigegugigdliglg’iilogg.Pillahe the doors wm Close.
the Sophomore and freshman classes voting age, it matters little. The luncheon Wm be held next Sm“- Cast
SPOiIBOi' 1* Moving-Up DE? dance- “need” exists and these student or-~ day at the Hotel Pennsylvania, New other members of the cast in-
General 05181:“an 11o;1 tEeRBgn; ganizations (with not a shadow of it'OTl‘Lil:a ﬁrgglrgth'wm include an ad clude: gﬁnald gaylgf,mmm;t Eric;
uet Dianne 01‘ Pr 0 er - ' sca. W am nm e n. c a
gaker ’49. Chairmen or entertain- the fsllllfrfﬁfyped dpmmcal temper) dress by Dr. Harold F. Studwell, Feathers, George Glenda”, Robert
merit 'are Anthony Prochilo and can enee ' Superintendent of East Rockaway Frey“, David Glenday, Peter HP,
Heinz Engelv sophomores' Elizabeth On Thursday of next week t 3"?“ Sail??? a’lailgggtcgﬁg €5,11va vey. LOl‘iCe SChaill. Joan Patersoﬂi
9 _ .
tires, incinerators.  m     or  b.“  ens... g ESLT“M§§’§§3}”E%11§$2 $5333.:
the banquet. , discussions will be held. Topic: The Joan Farrell, Edythe Rancher, Dom-

. I O -

Com ulsory class meetings will Third Party and the Foreign Pol- R I  b my Conway, Renee Harris, Susan
be hell: for all classes on Tuesday icy, speakers: pro—phi] Mooney e '9' U s Miller and Margaret Vonada.
a1t nil)?" "Iigenoggniiiiiiimlayziiupiiie “"1 M wahm‘ 0°“"Gerhard A "  Committees
cose rom . . .
For the Juniors. Sophomores, and wemberg and Leonard KOblenz' It   General chairman of all commit-
ﬂ'eshmen. the purpose 0‘ the meet‘ is an opportunity to ﬁnd out exact‘ {Continued from Page 1, Column 1) ”tees is Earle Jones. Committee
mgs Wm be to nominate Class Offl‘  What ideas are being presentea_ ‘ chairmen are: Sets, Catherine N00-
cers, with votingrto take place in an Opportunity. to WBigh the Dr05 The student governing and law- mm; Lights, Edythe Kane-her; pub-
the future. The Seniors will also and cons. nlaliding bodly lof SCAﬁwill omline “City, Ear-nae Thompson; Lﬁake-lilp,

a class meetin . The Senior ‘ I p0 ces anc cloose 0 were. em- Sal-ah Caruso; Arrangemen 5, F0-

lliiia‘e‘iing will be heldsin Room 111, You have 19‘ we“; gliviiegeboﬁ be“ bers of the. council from State are rice Klein; properties, Susan Miller;
Draper; the Junior meeting will be mg an Ame‘ “m- ; ETemqeillymf Marian Micras ’48, Barbara Houck Costumes_ Gloria Sottne, The com-
held in Room 26, Richardson; the hm: 5‘ “‘3'”?me tda i211 V 8155; and Catherine Grant. Juniors. mmee members represent a large
Sophomores will ~assemble in Room to“ e at.“ 3‘ “me 9“ W In the near future SCA and Hillel section of the class.
206. Diaper; Md the freShmen Win ca y ac ve est Zin't f0 wma will sponsor church visitations to a ,
meet in Room 20. Richardson men s r ‘ w Protestant church and Synagogue.

Council "discussed a financial mo- Dale Set For Make-up Exams Explanations of the various parts of Dean’s List Addition,
“011 WhiCh Will be Presented in AS‘ each service will be given. Details ‘
sembly today by Music Council. The ACCOI'ding “0 an announcement of time and plnce will be-posted on Announced By Nelson
motion “7m propose that Music from the Office of the lRegisl‘l‘m‘, the bulletin boardﬁ
.oouncil be allowed to put the money a tentative date of April _17 has 17.“ Meeting Milton G. Nelson, Dean and Act-
it has made this year towards the been Set f01' makeup Cmmllmtione IZFA will have a meeting on Tucs- ing President, has announced two
buying of gowns for the Chorus Those who have to take makeup day. Amp 13. in Room 109' Draper additional names to the Deans List
instead of returning it to the sur- exams i’l‘Olll first Semester are 1‘8“ Hall, at, 3;30 p. m, The theme of for the first semester of the 1947-48
plus. quested to leave the” names in “10 lilo meeting will be "Tile 'Jewisll school year. They are Margaret Cur-
The suggestion was made that Registrar’s Office Nntionnl Fund and the United Jewé til; ’48 and Fftzmcres ms}
since lans for the Moving-U Day isll Appeal." (Joan Hoffman ’4 , s a resu o s '-
Formall have been cancelled? the Men Needed For scam work Chairman of the local JNF drive, standings in regard to the qualifi-
Sophomore and freshman classes The Snratoga County Council of has nskou nil holders of empty raf- cations for Dean’s List the Regis—
might sponsor a dance that night, Boy Scouts of America is interested [in books to return them by the tl‘ar's office has felt it necessary to
possibly as a Rivalry event. ill placing men on its summer Camp time or the meeting, have the regulations printed. To

The Student Faculty Committee Staff. Positions include that of on Thursday, April 8, IZFA will qualify for this list a student must
will work next year throughout Camp Director, Assistant Comp Di— participate in a city wide protest have at least a “B” average in the
both semesters in cooperation with rector. Waterfront Director. Assist— sol-vi-c-c. hold at the Congregation selllester’s work and be taking 13
the Dean's Office. Previously the ant Waterfront Director. a Nature of Sons of Abraham. to protest the hours or more if a Senior or fresh-
‘committee has acted only as aplan- guide. a Hiking guide. and several present United States stand on the man and 15 hours if a Junior or
nlng body. provisional Scoutmnstcrs. partition of Palestine. Sophomore.

r

 

  Present State Delegates.

Report On UN,‘
N.Y. Conference '

The New York Conference of
Eastern States Association of Pro-
fessional Schools for Teachers, held
March 18, 19 and 20 at the Hotel
Commodore and which was attend»
ed by Alice Prindle Walsh '48, Cath-
erine Donnelly, John Jennings and
Donald Langsley, Juniors, included
lectures, panel discussions and at-
tendance at a meeting of the Secu~
rity Council. ,

Heard Lectures

The conference opened at United
Nations Headquarters. at Lake Suc-
cess. The student delegation of more
than 400 hea'rd lectures by heads
of various United Nations commit-
tees. At the meeting of the Security
Council which the delegates attend~
ed, the India and Pakistan dispute
was under discussion. The delegates
reported that they were fascinated
by the translation set-up, the con-
fusion and protocol.

State Commended

The representatives also discov-
ered that State College is held ill
high esteém by the Association and
that our student government is “rec-
ognized everywhere as being one of
tile best organized and operating."

"Carmen" Soloist: To Try-Out

Mr. Karl A. E. Peterson. Instruc-
tor of Music, has announced that
tryouts for soloists for the con-
ccrtized version of “Carmen,” which
will be given as the spring musical,
will be held Monday ill Room 28.
Richardson Hall.

According to Mr. Peterson, it is
not necessary to be a member of
the Operetta class to try out for a
part. Auditions will be open to the
entire student body.

 

’ 53/7/74? div/242% W/JWB xewcy/
‘ “ [yo/Silly 993”

A SIGNATURE
RECORD RELEASE

 

l

  
  

 
  

' r " cs
Little Connie linin- :1
. . 0
favorite. docs MHHE Km
l i ‘l\
' loillcr . “d
And in  . m m ‘
' i‘ctto smokers in to ,
Clgu .
\Vlly
I ' H rout.
H 01 ill  ‘
l ‘l' ("\lllillSl Dlstm't
' r' ..  m
)w' and countless \ C
Li aunt-ls urc tl

. .
( S ' W y \ lil‘ (.Ullnlc

I (H youl.“¢‘£ ‘\ ‘ V ‘
l l S W l VL l

‘ Ll H‘l“( ka.‘  ﬂ
1 . “Kl

“Choice o

(lit:d

linin L.
complier ‘

Qreui Mord——

smoldw j

Here’s “Nth”

More We 9‘6

 

li- J. ltomullla 'l‘ulinil'o i‘n.. \Vlillilllll rilllliin, N. (l.

is the cigarette

    
 

 
    

CAMEL

 
   
 
 

  

Ric me !

 
 
       
       
   
         
             
     
     
     
   
 

 

sea ;
silo/it
gland '

By VAN DAM and WEBBER

ii-Biaseliell Pra

Softball League

 

 

Last Monday a meeting was held
for all men interested in Varsity
Baseball, Golf and Tennis. The
turnout for baseball was good, over
twenty candidates reporting”; Tennis
and golf were not as fortunate. Only
four golfers and six tennis players
were present. This group was dis-
missed with a “It looks like the end
of tennis and golf" from Coach
Hathaway,

These teams got off to a fine
start last year, after being dropped
during the war. If they are dropped
again, they can “wither on the
vine” for years without being
watered.

Baseball practice has started al-
ready, as soon us enough interest
is shown, golf and tennis can get
underway. Time is short, as both
teams should have at least two
weeks practice before meeting any
opposition.

A Reminder

Remember, today is the final day
to nominate next year‘s M.A.A. offi—
CCI‘S, From all indications il. will
be a bigger year than i‘V(‘l‘. This
year’s M.A.A_ run smoothly bociulsc
the officol‘s devoted a grout dcill
of time and effort to their jobs.
Four capable officers are needed
again. As previously sliltod ill lllc
NEWS, nominations are open for:
Dl‘CSldCYll. (must be ill class of ‘49);
vice-president (’49 or ‘50); financial
soci'c try (’50); find socrolill'y i‘ﬁli.
Plncc names of candidates ill it
sealed envelope and deposit ill
M.A.A. mail box. NOMINATE
WISELY AND VOTE WISELY.

'l‘- E— A- M. You Tour“

To turn now lo W.A.A.. horo and
now let us pill ill our plug for tho
cllccrlontlillg motion now on lllc
assembly floor. As Pl'osidolil, Diolll
pointed out the advantages for both
the squad ilsolf, ill the way of hav-
ing it lilio ill lilo budgol; ulld for
lilo morale of loullls ulld spoclulors.
ul'u llol lo be Slifll‘Zl‘fl ill.

’I‘ul'lllllg lo tho pugos of formor
sophomore editions \vl- find gl'lllld
und glorious liislorios. Clilssos that
thought they llild rooords, Did you
see lilo Bluo-jllys ll'oulu'o lilo Rod
Devils foolbull loum‘l' “’l‘lloy llovoi'
found lilo louoli-down lino." “And
fusl. wo l(.‘lll'lli‘(l lll(‘ only lllno tliul.
wo could win lllo figlil, wns wlloll
lllo gilmo was ovol' illld lilo sool'o‘s
lll bluck illl(l while." So what did
‘50 do? Why llloy won l.lli‘ll‘ sports.
liockoy. bilskollillll, ping-pong. ll
oloull swoop of this yoilr‘s Campus
Duy Fiold Ei'olils. swillllllillg. bowl-
ing. sol'lvbuil, We won 'oill llll. soollor
or later.

Odds and Ends

’l‘llo slxlooll \‘olloybull loullls lll‘o
high for ully illll‘illlllll'ill Spol'l thus
for Coilgl‘nlululions lo li‘l'ull Mul—
llll. lllls your‘s lulllo lollllls cluuu—
pioll. mid l'ullllor-up Wlll‘l'l‘ll Noblo

'l‘llp faculty has olilol'od u ll‘lllll
ill lllo Volloybull lollguo lllolllionod
ubovo. llol'o‘s hoping llloy also slloul—
lll‘l' ll but.

lloi‘o vollios llll‘ orchids drpui‘l—
molll: il's soldoill you find yoursolf
olljoylllg kuooklul: your bruins oul
for ollloi's, bill win-ll il's ‘l‘lolly,
lll'opll or Mlokoy. il‘s it plousul'o.

 

llTii. Honikcl E Son

l’lllll‘lllucisls
Established 1005 Phone 133036

157 Central Ave.

ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

OTTO ii. MENOE

l'HI COLLICI "watch
103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

initialised;

Starts Play Soon

With about 30 candidates report-
ing, the State baseball squad started
Tuesday afternoon in Page Hall
gym. On Wednesday. the men Jour-
neyed to Bleeker Stadium, which the
Men’s Athletic Association secured
for the State squad for both home

games and practice.

Coach Hathaway had the men
hitting extensively to help get their
arms and wrists in shape. A couple
of laps on the track were helpful for ‘
getting legs ill shape. As it stands
at the first four practices, State’s
team will have depth at every posi-
tion, including pitching and receiv-

mg.

sun" coLleI NIWI. FRIDAY. APRIL 9. ma

ctic‘e ‘ Begins;

Gall, Tennis ~ Planned

 

4 Two Frosll Gain Title
In Mixed Bowling Tilt

Amazing talent was displayed
by two members of the green and
white class in the wlAA-MAA
mixed doubles bowling- match.
Astoundillg their opponents with
superb bowling skill. Mike La-
manna ’51 and Fannie Longo ’51
rolled into the spotlight Monday,
March 22 to capture the handi-
cap title.

Not far behind the successful
freshman team were the grad
students Earl and Jean Snow.
who rolled 695 to stand second in
the tournament.

Seventeen hopeful couples par—
ticipated with wishful gleams in

Many freshmen are out for the their eyes-

tcam to add to last year’s regulars.
The squads hitting looks as though

it might prove to be packed with
Roy cap Total

power, with Kenny George,

Monroe. Jim Warden. Hank Farley
and John Duffus driving them high
and for. Tllc pitching staff hos five
follows working out. Coach Hath-
away will be able to develop a well-

l'oulldcd mound stuff.

lllficld Well Stocked

In the infield fifteen candidates

are vlcing for position, but because
of llillillg libilily they might find
llwmsolvos worklllg tho pastures to
givo State a wcll-bnlnnccd infield
and fill outfield with plenty of
punch at the plate. Bob “We'll kill
‘olll" Bukor. '51, is out every day
with tho follows ill his position as
illilllngor.

Tho lliolllbcrs fronl last years
squad who lil‘C rolul‘lllng arc: Dick-
illsoll. Dufl‘us. Dalton. George,
(Holiday. H()Will"ll. Mul‘zello, Far-
loy. Mollroo and Tucker. Several
frosllmoll und uppor—clilsslllcn are
trying oul. for lilo first time: Bla-
vr.lnick, Curler. Clurk. Clcnl'watcl',
Durkoo, Engolllllrdl, Farmer. Kilchn.
Kil'sll. [:lllllilllllil, Liskcr, McDonald.
Pliul. Polri. Slcvonson, Will'dcll.
Sullloru Poll'ulo iuld Gallagher.

Sol'tllilll. 'l‘ollllis, Golf

lllll'll-llllll'lll sol'lbllll will get un-
dol' way soon. -A lwolvo-lcnlll league
is plumlod by Jilli Bl'oplly. ‘49. lllflll-
ugol'.

Slilll‘. should lio nblo lo put illl
oxpol‘lollcod loulll out ill golf and
lomlis. Vol'y low moll woro out for
llioso sporls howuvor.
picking up ill golf llow. Fiftocn golf-
ol's llilvo sigllod up thus far. Sev-
orul of List your's lolmis rogulurs
lll'l‘ llilssing lllis your so llllllly try-
ouls uro noodod lll this sport.

The four top teams stood as
follows:
Total Handi- Final

Lamanna '51 606 108 714
Longo ’51
Snow, E. Grad 607 88 695
Snow. J. Grad
Sorensen ’50 601 82 683
Thompson ’50
Chase '48 590 92 682
Cheatham ’49

Orchids to Angie Ricci ’48,
Audrey Adolphson '49. and last
but not least. Lyle Walsh '50 for
the efficient management of a
successful season in bowling.

 

Varsity Keglers
To Close Season

Varsity Bowling closes this com- the final, 15-8.

ing Wednesday with State facing
two opponents. Albany Pharmacy
and Albany Lilw. Both matches will
be rollch at the Pliiydium, the
match with Low starting at 7:00.
State will bowl against Pharmacy
ill; 9:00. Sue was scheduled to face
LllW last Wednesday. but the match
was postponed us Law is now on
vacation.

State ls Holding Third

The team is currently ill third
place in the lllwr-collcgintc Lcaguc,
two gumcs bcllind league—lending
Sicnu and only one game behind
socond place R.P.I. Tile home team
illusl. sweep all of their last six

Inlcrosl is games and Slcllu drop at least two.

if the Sluicslllcn arc to tie for ﬁrst
or will lilo cllulllpionship. Also R.
P. I. must drop at least one of
their lust. games if State is to stay
in the running.

 

BOULEVARD

“M lt‘ E'l‘

I98 200 CENTRAL AVENUE

AND ICA'I‘ AT THE

r

OAFETERIA

PHONE 5-19”

liOlil."

ALBANY. N Y

 

 

 

Where all the Students Moot

 

Home Made

 

 

 

Mariner
met-alumnus!

(6M .14 ﬂ-ml’! )

SODAS -—- CANDY —— SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Dally

lCE CREAM

 

_,_ ,_,,________..... OPEN DAILY IT I A. I. "5:27.22:—

 

Volleyball n...“

Finds FoUr Sixes

Still Undefeated:

On Monday night, April 5th, the
men's intra-murai volleyball league
went into action. This year the
faculty has entered a team which
has ‘great potentionalities. However,
they seem to be off to a slow start.
Pitted against Potter Club in their
first outing the faculty, paced by
Harry Grogan, won the ﬁrst game.
of a two out of three series, by the
count of 15-8. However, “father
time',’ caught up to such stars as
"Tex" Beaty, “Clem” Hathaway,
"Waa Wait" Jones, and “Hoot” Gib-
son. Ill the next two colltcsts Pot-
ter took early loads to will 15-3
and 15-6.

In the other games the Angels
beat K.D.R. 15—0 and then lost 15-
9. In the rubber game the Angels
won a nip and tuck contest by the
count of 15-12. To close the eve-
nings activities the Ham and Eggch
took S.L.S. by 15-9 and 15-6.

On Tuesday night the Carpet-
baggers forfeited their game to the
Ramblers. Tile Fal'lllers Amalga-
mated won two straight from the
men of Saylcs Annex, 15-10 and
15-4. Ill the lliglltcap the Celtics
beat the Jerks 15-3 and 15-13.

Wednesday night saw Potter win
their second game by defeating the
Angels 15-9 and 15-6. K. 13. and
VanDcrzce went into action for the
first time. The V. D. boys won the
first 15-1. ll0chcr K. B. put up a
stiff fight ill the second only to
lose 16-14.

To finish the night off K.D.R.
came back ill winning form to do-
fcilt S.L.S. They won the ﬁrst. 15-
5; lost the second, 15-9; illld ooppcd

  

. . . with bold, rugged,

 I‘Rey‘esl‘tfi‘el?

The CRUISER
Style 2604

- 'A¢.t.‘iiiziu iii "

 

Sports Program  i 
For New

m I

Spring vacation is over~ sauna...

A. A.'s halo and heartyiilassesigre'. ::

back in swing. 'Elly Adams,“'§0,."f
and Babe Paterson, ’51,,nlantgeié,1'if‘
announce the formation of a soft;
bail league. Dorms and sororities
are entered, besides some “pick-up"
teams like the ’48'ers and the Miss
Fitts. Coaches will be especially
watching the Sophs and frosh at
practice. (Mondays, Wednesdays
and Fridays—«3:306:30 and Satur-
days— from 10-12) for material for
the spring Rivalry softball game.

Tuesdays and Thursdays will be
the dates for the greatly variegated
shows of activity. Volleyball and
archery will take over the dorm
field. Jean Hotaling, '50 and Jean
Sawyer, '51. will manage volleyball,
while Marty Mason and Betty Wink-
icl'. both juniors. will bend the bow
and direct the eye of archery enthu-
siasts with a willing hand.

At the some time the Page Hall
gym will be the scene of “birdies”
flying as Elsa Mobcrg, ’49, and Rose-
miiry Lcssnrd, ‘50, mentor the bad-
million athletes.

Ill Washington Park, Shirley Mc-
Cucll. ‘50, will be overseeing the
participants wrangling for tennis
credit; and lust. but not least, all
the Women of file Athletic Asso-
ciation are invited to join the Hik-
ing Club. under the direction of
Lucy Lyllo. '49.

Also. open to all the girls of State
lll‘f‘ lllo lilClilliL‘S of Camp John-
ston. “down river" at Chatham.
Perhaps you've seen the sign up
shoot on the bulletin board: or con-
lllcl. Pilllln Ticlly. '48. or Edlc Kelle-
lll‘i', ’50. for on open date.

The CAMPUS
Style 2038

 
  
 
     

44444¥4

ll’s typical American

triple solos . . . bold,

heavy metal eyelets . . . bold notched weltsl

Buy it pair today! $8.95

other styles
$935- $ll.95

HO! COuIROCKI’ON Ill MAIL

ﬂow/ad 5W-

W. l. DOUGLAS

*******

-l ."i 2
Mott‘s Slim-s

3|7 RIVER

*******

ii if 0 A I) W A Y —-— A i. ii .-\ N Y

Ii} solusivoly

S 'l‘ I! 1'} ii] '1‘ ~— '1‘ It i) Y

Men's and Women's Shoes

 

