Budget _ Blues . . .

In spring, a State student’s fancy tums' to the
budget, and as far as the budget 'is concerned,
spring is herel Each year, the budget has caused
a minor riot, and this year promises to be no ex-
ception.

In discussing the budget, many facts must be
taken into consideration. First, open budget hear-
ings for each organization were held by Student
Board of Finance. This was the place to air any
major gripes and settle differences before it was
passed by Student Board of Finance. Granted
that some items will be included in budgets which
were not anticipated, but big items, such as keyes,
could have been hashed out in these meetings

rather than consume precious assembly time.

Second, heads of organiaztions are not out to
embezzle funds or plan trips to Florida with Stu-
dent Association money. Arranging a budget is
no easy task, nor is it an easy task to run an
organization with the threat of bankruptcy hanging

. over your head all year.

These budgets were well thought out before?

hand and explained thoroughly to Student Board
of Finance. Members of the organizations will
be present to explain items on which you may be
confused. They are not in assembly to defend them.
A well thought out budget needs no defense]

Third, the extra curricular program of this col-
lege cannot be run without sufficient funds. As
things stand now, the actual surplus, discounting
the returns from the Veteran’s Administration
(which we don’t have), amounts to $672.84.

Considering the surpluses of several thousand
dollars under which we have worked in the past,
this is an insignificant amount. On top of this,
when it is revealed that our budget for next year
will be $63 short before the year begins, the ten-
dency may be to cut lines to a minimum.

If we want a decent program, one we can be
proud of, we have to pay for it. As evidenced
from the trips to Student Board of Finance for
additional money this year, the budgets aren’t
overly. generous. If after careful consideration,
we find it advisable to cut the budget in places
all well and good, but might it not be just as
advisable to find another way to settle our prob-
lems—mainly make up the difference in some
way?

Several suggestions have been advanced to cor-
rect this deficit. One, appropriate the $63 from
our vast $672.84 surplus. Two, donate the Big-4
funds to the surplus instead of giving them to char-
ity. Three, raise the stiident tax to $16 thereby
making up the $63 deficit and adding a sizeable
sum to our surplus at the same time.

We must decide on a solution to the problem
soon. Solutions have been offered; others may be
suggested. Think them over carefullyi

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clan oi1918
BATING—ALL-AMEBICAN ‘
April 10, 1048 No. 22

 

Vol. XXXII

Member lllslribuior
Associated Collegiate l'rosa (,‘ollogluio Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of llltl New York Hiuie Col-

lege for Teachers: pliblluluui awry Friday of rho college
year by the NEWS lloard l'or lllil Sindoul .\rirlocl|illoll.
i’llouoa: Muy, B-tll-iil; (.‘olouluu and liochl’ord. 'J-lli‘Jd: Zinul.

8-0500; (.‘lark 2-0810. Members of the news staff may be
reached 'l‘ncu., and Wed. from 7 to “:30 i'. .\l. at .'l 0i07.

 

The News Board

ANN MAY - - . - - - Imrommcmar
CAROL CLARK - - - - NANAGING lm‘ron
ILLIN ROCHFORD - - - - . MANAGING aoiroa
PAULA TICI-tv - - - - - - aroma lnl'roa
FRANCII ZINNI - - - clacULA'rIoN MANAoIn
RITA COLIMAN - - - - - - Anvaarlamo
CHARLO'I'I'I LALLY - - - luamns NANAcsu
ILIII LANDAU . . - - AllocrATI Inlron

AIIOCIATI EDITOR
AIIOGMTI EDITOR

JEAN PULVIR - . - . . .
JEAN IPINCKR - c - . .

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
meat be signed. Nuance will be withheld upon rm'uusl.
The B’i‘A'l‘lii C(llliliilillﬂ NWWH assumes no roaponsilllily
for opinions or lrosaod in its columns or communionlions
Ill such express one do not litiiltliiltill'lly reflect its view.

 

-8

 

ITA'I'I COLLIOI Mm. FRIDAY. APRIL. 16:194.

A

 

w

arA-rl comes ma. FRIDAY; APRIL is: me

 

 

5W Ruled

 

 

(Editor’s Note: These rules are those specified by Election Com-

being printed to inform the student
body and the candidates for office
as to the regulations that must be
followed.)

IV. Regulations for campaign post-
ers are as followa:

1. Three posters are allowed to
each candidate for the office of
President of Student Association.

2. Two posters are allowed to each
candidate for the office of Class
President or all other s.A. officers.

3. One poster is allowed to can-
didates for all other class offices.

4. Size of all posters—lain by 20in.

5. All posters must be placed on
the Campus Commission desk the
day preceding the day they are to
go up. No campaign material will
be displayed until nominations for
the office have been closed.

6. Posters may be changed during
the Week if Election Commission is
notified. Only the above specified
number of posters for a candidate
may be displayed at the same time.

7. Election Commission will de-
cide where the posters are to be
placed.

V. There 'shaii be no additional
campaign materials other than

mission.

VI. Rallies must be individually ap-
proved by Election Commission and
Campus Commission.

Notes

1. No person may run for more than
one office on the same ballot. If
you are listed as being nominated
for more than one office on your
class ballot, you must decline all
nominations but one before Friday,
4:30, April 16. If you do not do this,
you will be automatically exclllded
from the ballot. (For instance, if

you are nominated for class song-i

leader and class cheerleader, you
must decline one of these nomina-
tions by 4:30 on Friday.)

2. Under the Major-Minor office
plan, offices are divided into majér,
minor and unclassified categories.
A student may hold one major and
no minor offices or two minor of-
fices; and as many unclassified of-
fices as the individual deems advis-
able. Students who are running for
offices which conflict under the
plan must turn in preference lists
to William Baldwin '48, chairman of
Election Commission, by Friday,
April 16 at 4:30 pm.

 

What all

By MARIE GRIECO

—I—

 

So you want to get a book,
hmmm? foolish individual! But you
really need it? Well, all right. I
know of a place where you can
get one inside of four days but
promise you won’t tell anyone else.
(Because when they put the pad-
ding in my cell they told me not
to say “wha"h-appened.”) I’ll take
you there myself. It won’t be easy;
but I’ll sneak out. . . .

First you must walk across this
open-air peristyle. On rainy days
the precipitation stimulates the
roof to act as a magnet. It draws
up the “coils.” For most girls (my
roommate and I) this prevents the
hair from falling out. (For shorter
girls bobby pins are sold at the
door.) In the outer room you put
on the oxygen tent. Be sure to
adjust it carefully because inside
they have a perpetual display of the
new type windows. Guaranteed
aigtzlnst the entry of burglars and
a r

The head woman in charge of oil
will give your shoes the squeak
proof test. Mustn’t disturb those
who have given up their favorite
class to spend one hour mourning
in slumber over the loss.

Don't stumble over that heap of
fingernails. It’s only the donations
for “Let's Finish IPeellng the Cell-
ing" Fund. Found a seat? Goodl
the combination to the lights is
four pushes on the red button, two
on the black. Be sure to get the
back end of the lamp. The shadow
is much better. Take it easy now.
Don't flip pages, cough, sneeze,
breathe or do anything else to dis-
turb the wires. Want to cause a
blackout? Hmm-mm?

You don't know the name of the
book, huh? Sorry, you can't ask
your friends. If you do open your
month you automatically start up
a little phonograph which is at-
tachcd to each chair. It has only
one record but it always plays. It
starts with the pltter-patter of feet;
then it, says: "If you want to talk
llli'iluc go outside it“ you want to
talk, Le.” it’s called the “Eagle
Eye" and it's done to the rhytinn
of fingernails tapping the tables.
Approin'inua pauses are by courtesy
of syncopated gum shoppers.

Oh yes, your book. Just go up
and ask the atuckkccpcr for it. They
don’t keep the books on the shelves
because the librarians are taking
that wonder body conditioning
course. Climb 400 flights of stairs
twice every 24 minutes and your
figure is bound to improvel You
may have to wait a willie but don't
complain. It takes time to print
all those books every iii minutes.
Good thing you brought your «lunch.
Sure, it‘s all right to eat here.
Everyone else does. What do you

 

 

 

suppose the revolving chairs are
for? Entertainment during meals,
of course. Just crank the chair,
lean back, and follow the adven-
tures of Hendrick Hudson around
the wall.

No, that’s not a riot back there.
Those are just the poly sci stu-
dents. They pull hairs every day
to determine who will read the
newspaper first. It’s quite an ex-
pensive edition but we can afford
to have one copy for every 2000 stu-
dents. The kneeling bench near
the front desk is where you can re-
new several books at a time with-
out lugglng them down for stamp-
ing. (If you leave a pound of red
corpusclcs and promise to stamp
them yourself with your own blood.)

Well, your book should be here
now. Go up and ask for it after
that line of girls passes out. No,
they aren't all infanticlpatlng. It’s
those convenient modern coats. If
you need a book and don’t have a
card, borrow a wide coat. Take a
book from the reserve desk? I
should say notl You can't do that!
Why it's only 4:20. These books
can't leave until 4:30.

Got your book? Let’s go. Oh,
it's the wrong one, inn-mm. No,
it's not far to Hurmunus Blccckcr
if you want. to get a book. If you
really need a boo i.e.

 

Gamma'cdcand

 

To the Editor:

Proof of our competence as the
future teachers of Amerloam-docs
rivalry make a force of this? i think
not. for teaching is not merely a
transference of knowledge from the
books in a musty library by a book-
wcrm scholar to the minds of the
country’s youth, but it is a. project,
in humanity, in group living and a
common sharing of life. Rivalry
events form the nucleus about which
grows cooperation, team spirit, en-
thusiasm and class unity. We ru-
member the joy of production in u
Big-ll and We go into high schools
and supcrvisc Senior plays with a
spirit and an interest founded in a
rivalry event. We stumble in three-
logged races and lie panting under
a push ball but We're a part of a
team, we're working for a common
goal and we remember, and we help
the youth to discover the pay of
team work. We publicize rivalry
events and so lcurn illU psychology
of arousing and developing group

interest. ,
itivalry—~~—dlvorccd from our fu-
tul‘csmsepul‘uted from our college

liVOS~-'l'i'lltill-illi:lt)lil"ll’ Could be but
then that's “only one man’s opin-
ion."

(ileria Gilbert ’tll

W aw

By BOB TUCKER

This Reporter is given the uddest latitude as author
of this column, although his viewpoints do not neces-
sarily reﬂect those of the Srsrs COLLEGE News.

 

The newspapers are full of news of the coming
Presidential election, with all the fanfare, propaganda

etc., involved. Turning from the national scene t o

the campus, we see the first signs of the coming elec-
tions at State. Class meetings were held last Tuesday
at which nominations were made for the various
offices from President to Song Leader, and the nom-
inatlons will soon begin for offices in Student Associ-
ation. The most hackneyed and least-appreciated pro—
election theme is that which explains why voting on
a school level is important. I won’t try to justify a
carefully considered vote as opposed to the haphazard
one predominant at State. Just remember these two
things: l—You have to sit in those assembly St'zll»
even as I: 2—1 wonder what your old man would
think of how you spent his money? Having consider: 1
the above, remember the connection between tllmu
two problems and whom you elect to all these other .

There are several parts of the election procedun-
with which I find fault. In the first place, as much
as I believe in democracy, I do think it is carried [0
absurd extremes through the practice of voting for
every office, including Song Leader, Cheer Leader,
etc. By empowering another elected officer to ap-
point people to these positions, you would not only
simplify voting procedure, but also focus attention
on what are the important offices in each class; by
reason of the fact that you would also have to con-
sider the type of people who would come into officp
with the election of the President, your vote woulc
be more selective. Secondly, let’s allot enough tim
in assembly to hear all the speeches. Last year, so
era] of the speakers had to cut short, in fact, almosl
eliminate their specChcs. Last year's commission t(
investigate elections advised removal of the speeches
supporting the candidates for Grand Marshall, but
they're back in again. You voted them back on thl
schedule.

Finally, if a speaker or a candidate has noihh
to say. why waste cverybody's time by having lr
list the offices he has held (including: member
Forum, member of M.A.A. or W.A.A.l and give 1‘
promise, “to do things different next year". For m
lnoncy thirty seconds would be enough for mull
speaker, if they are going to engage in the some oil
baloney as in past years. The amazing part nbom
elections at State is that everyone knows they are :1
force, we appointed a commission "to investigate Llli‘lll,
and here we are, back in the same old rut ugnin'
Step right up i‘olks~—It’s the greatest show since Hell--
znp01.)pin‘-Cnndldates. ballots, hot air, “let me out
for lunch", s't‘H/i ,/*$! I wouldn’t miss li~unlcss somc~
body will sit in my seat!

0' ii! iii

Here's a real scoop. School authorities are going to
eliminate many of the social functions at State, such
as the Senior Banquet, Junior Prom, Sophomore linu—
quet, and many others—unless class dues are paid!
Class dues are the only source of income for lhc ('12le
and without those funds every one of the above named
functions and countless others will simply ccnsc lo
exist. A booth will be set up in the hull. outside lin-
Commons, this corning Tuesday, Wednesday, and
’l‘hursduy, whcrc class dues for all classes will be Col»-
lcclcd. Veterans unlsl, pay dues out of their own
pockets this your. i suppose you think I like the lilt'lll
lint that's the way it is. so dig up the money and
get it on the line.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, APRIL 10
0:30 PM.- lVCl'I Bible study group in ltoolu l50
0:00 PM.« Milne Spring Concert, Page llull
0:00 PM. Kappa Della Formal

HA'l‘llltllAt’. Ai'ltll. i7
7:30 SLS banquet, I-lcrbcrts
0:00 PM. ’l‘i'l-(iiiy lVCl“ nil-cling, ltPl Clubhousc
0:00 PM. ll’lcrcc l-Iull li'lll'llllll, lnulc itooin

SUNDAY, Al’ltlll Iii
2:00 PM. ()rplluu's picnic, Albany liouu-

MONDAY. APRIL 10
12:00 Noon Discussion of Hiliilcs publiculion
3:30 PM. l-lillcl Passover Hodcr, Lounge

'l‘llliSllAY, APR“. 20
13:30 PM. Air Age (illnic, Lounge
7:30 PM. Pun Amigos moi-thug. ltooul 101, llrupci'

WEDNESDAY. Al'itll. 2|
12:00 Noon-1 SCA (Jhapcl, Unitarian Church
13:00 P.M.~--Alr Age Clinic, Lounge

'l‘llllliis‘llAt’, APRIL 22
12:30 PM“ Air Age Clinic. Lounge
7:30 P.M.-»Pi (lauauu Mu meeting, Room 20

‘7 Spring Formal

ln Sorority House

Music By State Stars
Will Entertain Guests

Kappa Delta Sorority will hold a
semi-formal dance tonight at their
sorority house on Western Avenue,
according to Barbara Dunker '48,
President. '

The theme for the evening will be
one of “April showers." Umbrellas,
crepe paper, mock rain drops, and
spring flowers will give the impres-
sion of a rainy Spring day. Re-
freshments will be served.

Dancing will beghi at 9 pm. The
State Stars, an orchestra made up
of State College students, will fur-
nish the music.

General chairman of the affair is
Margaret Franks ’49. Members of
the refreshment committee are
Wilma Whitney, chairman, and Jo
Ann Joslin '48, Virginia Grants ’50,
and Barbara Carpenter '51. The
arrangements committee includes
Leslie Weber ’49. chairman, and
Beverly Kuhlkln, Fay Richards,
and Emily Rose, freshmen.

Registrar To Post
Graduation Lists

According to a release from the
"' office of the Registrar, Seniors and
IGraduates should watch the bulle-

' tin board opposite the Registrar’s

office for a list of the graduating
students. Corrections must be made,
since the names on the list will
appear on the Diploma claim list,
. and the Diplomas, as reported.
While the summer catalog is not
yet out, a list of the summer courses
.wiil be placed on the bulletin board.
Regular session catalogs will be
available in the latter part of April,
uthe date to be announced later.
Fall registration begins in May.

   

KD To Sponsor Delegates Report On lnier-Colle
" Panel Discussions, Speakers HI

The second of a series of inter-
collegiate conferences opened Fri-'
day, April 9, at 10 a.m., with
the registration of delegates from
Oswego, Plattsburg. New Paltz,
Brockport, Potsdam and Geneseo.
Alice Williams ’48, Jean Pulver ’49,
Gerald Dunn and Marvin Lansky,
freshmen, represented State at the
conference.

At the first business meeting,
Norma J. Clark, Oswego State, was
elected secretary of the conference.
The delegates were then divided
into three groups to discuss the
press, student government and in-
tercollegiate sports.

Brockport Extends Invitation

Brockporc State extended an in- -

vitation to the other delegates to
the 1949 conference when it will
play host. The delegates decided
that the best time to hold the
conference would be during the fall
semester.

The first address was given by
Mr. Harold V. Gilson, Social Com-
missioner of the New York State
Education Department, who spoke
on “Student Government." In the
main part of his talk, Gilson said,
“Give the pupils prestige and honor
for the part they play in student
government and don't expect per—
fection because we ourselves don’t
get it in our government. Give the
pupils responsibility and make them
think they are doing something
very important.”

Discuss Public Relations

At a discussion on public rela-
tions, in which Mr. Harold Hender-
son, reporter for the Knickerbocker
News, and Mr. Paul Bulger, Co-
ordinator of Field Services and
Public. Relations, participated, each
college gave a report on the work
its college press is doing. It was
concluded that students should be—
come better acquainted with the
coordinator and that a good sound
relationship should be established
with the local press. Mr. Bulger
said that this part of the confer-
ence was a pioneer step since it was
the first time public relations had

Noﬁillg 968”

A SIGNATURE
RECORD RELEASE

T for

 

Try ‘
i-iuines and 
compared, (.a

 

From Left to Right: Miles Bordow, Oswego State. Alice Williams, ’48, and
Harry V. Gilson, N. Y. State Social Commissioner.

 

been discussed at a conference of
this type.

In an effort to initiate a move-
ment in other colleges such as the
one undertaken by “Smiles,” Charles
Miller '49, President, outlined the
purpose of this organization to the
delegates. According to Mr. Miller,
his hope is to spread the movement
 as to make life a little brighter
for those children denied the af-
fection of the home.”

Mrs. Janice Tunningly, one of the
original promoters of the Inter-
Collegiate Association, spoke on the
formation of an alumni association.
Mrs. Tunnlngly said it is necessary
to have an active alumni association
to keep a file of material available
to all colleges and for all confer-
ences.

ﬁfe/a? ﬁzz/n? ﬁner Wen/me may
‘ “"3

the 5‘?
' got!

ﬂavorful 
r “1310‘”

3

Throat.
Camel“!
ount

* rse
' for you

lscover ‘ L w
D i ‘59 other smokers
L we no “chaicc 0

ll. J. iiaruohls Tobacco 00.. Whaliou-liul

oo‘hsmgint’, l.
: new C

a great “3

if why V
ho have i”
i experience-

Students May Apply .
For Creative Writing

Members of the present Junior
and Sophomore classes who wish to
register in English 134, Creative
Writing, may apply before May 1.

Samples of the applicant‘s writ-
ing, including poems, sketches,
short stories, or essays. should be
left in the office of Dr. Shields Mc-
Ilwaine, Professor of English, Room
36, Richardson.

The class is limited to'15 students.
with admission by consent of the
instructor. Reports on these writ-
ings will be placed in the Student
Mail boxes.

 

    

)iiono'lan
lick disk.
among

amcls-
T for Taste.

   

Connie

with

v . . i

,cdam
II

    
 

uni, N. (l.

is the cigaleife -
1%. me !

giaie Conference,- Cadet Teachers _.
ighliglit Activities

cor-due:  
For English
Discuss Experiences,

Actual Work, Expenses

The cadet teachers, under the di- I
rection of Eloise Worth, conducted
a panel discussion yesterday for the
benefit of the English methods stu-
dents. They discussed the phases
of their work which they deemed
most important to all students,who ‘
plan .to teach in the near future.
This program included a condensa-
tion of their actual work, week by
week, an estimate of expenses, how
they were received by the regular
teachers in their school, whatthey
thought of the situation,,how it af-
fected their State schedule and
what they felt they had'gained in
the line of definite values.

The speakers for this affair were
Jean Baaonowski, who taught in
Roesselville, Jane Maguinness, Coey-
mans, Dorothy Merritt, Bethleham
Central, Mary Fleming, Bethleham
Central, Marjorie Lotz, Ravens,
Ruth Bessel], Castleton, Gloria Gil-
bert, Watervliet, and Eloise Worth,
Castlcton. Betty Jane Jones, who
also taught at Watervliet, was un-
able to attend.

The concensus of opinion reached
by these ca’dets was that it was well
worth the experience because in all
cases they were well received and
aided as apprentices would be.

Postpone Contest Deadline

Deadline for the Leah Lovenheim
contest in English literature has
been changed from April 9 to April
30. All undergraduates are eligible
to compete for $25 in prizes for the
best poem and best short story
submitted, $12.50 being offered for
each. Short stories will be judged
by Dr. Shields McIlwaine, Professor
of English, and poetry by Dr. Var-
ley H. Lang, Instructor in English.

 
 

CAMEL

   
  
 
  
 
  

 
  
   
 

  
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
      

 
   
 

 

