 

PAOI 3

As Time Went By . . .

Many years ago when people still believed in peo-
ple and still trusted their fellow man, a group of
enthusiasts drew up a constitution for an organ-
ization called Student Association. And for a be-
ginning they chose,

We, the students of New York State College for
Teachers, recognizing the necessity for a more
perfect organization which will maintain the
ideals of this college by student cooperation and
centralization of student enterprise, do hereby
establish this constitution for such an organiza-
tion.

The “more perfect” organization still holds and
is still attempting to 'maintain those ideals. The
exact nature of these ideals seems to be with most
not a foggy issue but a complete blank!

To insure a more efficient running organization,
the administration set aside one period a week for
compulsory meetings, but as time went by, stu-
dents became more public-spirited and objected to
the compulsory nature of these meetings. Students
would enjoy assembly more, they reasoned, if at-
tendance were placed on a voluntary basis.

Attendance is now on a voluntary basis! Last
Friday, the center aisle was almost completely em-
pty, the Senior class being represented by Myskan-
la and two or three others. The Junior section held
a. slight smattering of people. The Sophomore
and freshmen sections were a trifle more populated
probably due to the fact that they haven’t yet
learned that it’s “smart” not to go to assembly.

The voting committee that you asked for pre-
sented its report. Not only did the greater ma-
jority, in fact almost all, of Student Association
not go to assembly, but those few who did go
goaned every time an article was read.

We now have a free student government but if
such disinterest continues, we deserve to have it
taken away. State College seems to be full of
gripes and devoid of action. If we are not inter-
ested enough in student affairs and student gov-
ernment to attend one meeting each week, why not
chuck the whole business and have a college pro-
gram minus all extra-cirricular activity.

Clarification . . . .

Last Friday, in assembly, a member of the N Ews
Board made a statement which might be and was
by many construed as a slam against Election
Commission. We wish to clarify that statement.

The NEWS does not wish to stoop to mud sling-
ing. Admitted the statement was extremely un-
sound, being based merely on a conversation with
a former member of the commission, but it was not
pointed towards the present Commission. It was
aimed rather towards past Commissions. We wish
to remind you that the words “past inefficiency”
were employed.

Present Election Commission has done a very
good job and we commend them for it, but in view
of past records have we assurance that the future
will be as bright as the present?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class 01 1918
nATmG—ALL-AMERICAN
February 20, 1948

 

V01. XXXII N0. 16
.hloulbor Distributor
Allaoolutod Colloglulo l'rolla Coliogluto illgout
The umlcrgrluluato nmvnpapor of tho Now \‘ork Slato (,‘ni'
logo for 'I‘oachorll; pubiiahod ovory Friday of tho collcgo
year by lilo NEWS iioard for tho Htudont Altatlclulloll.
l'ilouca: May. 2-tii-tli: (folouluu umi iiocilt‘ord. 2-0120: Zillnl.
3-0538; Clark 2-0870. Members of lilo flown staff may be
rouohod 'i‘uoll., and \\’od. from I to ll:.‘i0 l'. M. at li-liltl’l.

 

The News Board

ANN MAY - - - - - u - lulTon-IN-cullr
CAROL CLARK . . . . MANAGING Iolron
ILLIN ROCKFORD - - - . MANAGING sorrow

PAULA TICHY - - - - . - "on" Iol'ron
FRANCE! ZINNI - - - clncuLArlon NANAOIII
RITA COLIMAN - - - - - - ADVIITIIING
CHARLOTI'I LALLV - - - Gunman MANAosu
ILIII LANDAU ~ - - - AIIOOIATI IDITOR
JIAN PULVIR - . - - - AIIOCIATS solron
JIAN IPINCIR . . . . . . AIIOOIATI IDITOII

 

 

 

 

All lulluulunlculioull should be uddroauod to lilo editor and
must be algnoll. Nutnos will bo withhold upon i'tltlilmll.
'l‘ho it'l'A’i‘l'l (‘ilhidllliltl NEWS asslnuos no roaponcillllty
for opinions or ll‘orinutl in its columns or colnluunications
u soon oxproau on» do not lioctmaurliy reflect its viow.

 

W9

 

CTATI COLLEGE Mm. FRIDAY, I'll. 20. I“.

 

 

 

 

EDITOR’S NOTE:

A Tough CustomertAf Altman’s

By EVELYN DOM! ’4'! ,
The following poem which appeared in the

February 14 issue of the Now Young was written by a former State

College Student and was printed in

the 1946 edition of the Primer.

They lead him through yesterday and except for for the .ring through
his nose he might have been almost any gentleman.

When he came down the aisle with his flanks Just touching the counter
on either side, I could almost imagine that he wore spots.

It wasn’t until he’d passed the display of Cloisonne that he stopped,
moved his great neck, and touching 9. Limoges teacup, listened the
way you and I have done with the conch shells that prop open the

parlor door.

He ignored the Wedgewood and Spode and stopped before the Dresden
figurines. While he looked at the shepherdess (perhaps it was my
imagination) his nostrils seemed to dilate and his breath to come

faster.

The Syracuse 64-piece dinner set held his attention for several moments
and he lowered his fan-like lashes to study the ivy motif.

But for all his seeming propriety he pushed to the floor an ashtray made
in the glass factory at Corning, N. Y., raised a hoof, and deliberately

crushed it into a. thousand bits.

Breeding, after all. counts for a great deal.

 

74¢ 9m, 0/ It 14!!

 

 

We had been sitting around the
Boul, picking bits of caviar out
from between our breast of guinea
hen stained teeth, when somebody
managed to tlun the conversation
around to the breaking of leases and
subsequent apartment hunting. From
that point we jumped to a discussion
of the fuel situation at St. Mary's,
which prompted an appraisal of
blankets and sheets, which started
one bright soul on the topic of M8.-
hatma Gandhi. It was hard to stop
him.

“You know," he commented, “I'd
nevor given too much thought to the
latt Mr. Gandhi in any deep sort of
wo,.. He’d always been sort of a
character to me. I remember when
I was Just old enough to muss up
the Sunday paper for a reason—to
look at the pictures—and I used
to get the biggest kick out of seeing
the little man with the glasses all
dressed up in a bed sheet. He ran
the funnies a close second. It must
have been his toothless grin, or
maybe it was his bowed legs".

“I recall when I used to see him
in the newareels. usually surrounded
by large crowds. Looking at the
crowds was all right. but when they
showed a close-up of Gandhi you
could hear the chuckles start
through the whole audience. It was
hard to keep from laughing out
loud. He seemed twice as funny in
motion. and when they showed him
sitting dowu to pray it was like a
“Mickey Mouse."

"It was while I was in high school
that new of riots. hunger strikes,

_,__By STANLEY ABRAMS
Guest Columnist

 

lootings and stuff like that began
to get through my thick skull. Once
I can remember feeling very serious
about Gandhi and telling the kids in
the class about what a. great man he
really was. That was when some-
body askcd me just what Gandhi
had ever done? And somebody else
showed me where. for all his talk
of peace, his policies had always led
to more killing than before. It was-
n’t long before I was laughing
again".

“Last semester." our sage said,
bringing his blurb up to date, “Dr.
McIlwaine told us that Gandhi had
taken some of his ideas of passive
resistance from Thoreau—usually a
properly dressed man; also a bit of
a character. Maybe it was all in my
head but I could hear a low chuckle
start around the class. I sat there,
Joining in, and thought that the
Indian prophet must have been some
pippins to be able to get a laugh on
such short notice".

“But it's all over now, the laugh-
ing I mean. When I read the story
of his assassination and saw that he
didn‘t even blame the guy who fired
the shot. it finally dawned on me
that here was a man with guts. If
I'd thought he was faking in his
i‘asts and his preachings of peace
before, now I knew that he meant
every bit of it. It’s kind of late to
stop laughing, but I have".

The only reason wo'vo ever let this
nameless orator eat with us since his
blowoff is because he plays a good
game of bridge. When a guy gets so
hopped up on an itoln like Gandhi
he won't last long at State College.

 

lPrOposed Amendments . . .

 

The following amcndmcnta were
introduced in assembly last Friday
and will be on tho agenda for dis-
cussion this morning. The amend-
ments to the By-Lmos were pro-
scnlcd as part of the Voting Oom-
nlittcc rcport while the antendment
to these compliments was intro-
duced by the State College News.

Iii. liccomulcutlultons lo Sludoul AN-
rttlt'lillltlil for .\lucudulcniu to lilo iiy~
Law» A. Hcclion i, E of lilo iiy»llll\vn
which now rcuda . . .

".\ll \‘ollug shall ho Nt‘l‘l'oi and bui‘
lots for all olcctlous silnii ho luurkcd
pl'cl'ol'l-ntlllily." . . . sllnil ho auloud-
oil by llit‘ addition of lilo following as
It! 1, LE. liiill ll:

linllolu ol‘ lllll'cl'olll colors Nlillll
usotl for class ciocllons.

Halllpio ballots shall ho poslcd lit at
Ioual l‘lvo pluccu during lilo wcoh pro-
coiling ull clocllollu.

A full .\Nucllibly shall ho rcuorvcd t‘or
lilo rogulllr spring olocliou ot‘ thdcnl
Anallclltllnli.

ii. .\l‘lcl‘ Sccllou l. I" '..'b lilo follow
ing uhull ho uddcd as c if in any
cicclloll clglll or "turn arc to ho oloci
cd. tbc uumbcr ol‘ orluiuul votca uhali
ho multipliod by 1000, and to Hccllon I,
i“ 3. which now I‘t‘iith “idly out voiou

llo

ill pilos according to first cilolco. cocll
ttl'lg‘llllil \‘tlll‘ in llt‘ \‘lilllctl til liltl llilllliu”
liiltl "ll' ulglll ol‘ lunl'c arc to ho clot'loll
cucll original win to ho \‘illllt‘tl ut ltlllu
points "

t‘. Sol-lion i. iI‘u and b which now
lil'ti\'l|lt‘ for tho solution of tics ly
rol‘crcllco to tho first distribution uhuil
ho ulucndod to road as follows ~

It. ill clluo ot‘ lion in rogard to olilu
Inullon nl‘ lon'ost t'liiitlltloit‘ﬂ. lilo can
dblan who rocolrod lilo lowor nulllbcl
of points on lllo prccodlug distribution
shall ho oillulnllloli.

ll. Ill ratio of tie for olociloll. tbc
cululllialo with tho lurgor nuulbor of
points on tho prcvlouu distribution
shall ho dimlarod oicolod.

Ii. In addition to tho dulica ot‘ Illici-
tioll (‘oulullsslolt pt‘orldcd for in .-\l'll<
clo 'lil. Noction :lb of lilo I‘onstltu
lloll ol‘ Studonl Association. tilc l‘om~
mission shall bo s'pocil'lcully cillll'gcll
with tho llllllch‘ to

following In» In
Ht'l'lt'll lllltll‘l‘ Hot-[lull illi.

I. Tim Commission shall proridc for
campaign spool-hos lu .\ssl~nlbly ol‘ lllc
candldlllcs l'or Nl-crolnl'j and \'ico
l'l'cnltlt‘lii ol' Sludcnt Assocloliou and
for lilo calldidlllc for tho l'rcsilh-llt ot'
Sludolll Association and lilcir cum-
plligu luouugcru.

2. 'l‘ln- (‘olumiasion shall proyldc for
campaign spool-hos in class mot-tings

by tho clltltlidillcs l'or (‘lnos l'rosldcul.
.‘i. ’i‘hc t‘omlulssloll shall ho cutlllcll
to “Hit ouocluhlil ol‘ lilo spllcl- ot‘ all

hudch t‘iullnccd publications for lilo
\\'t‘t'li |ll't'l‘|lllllii: llllll lilo wook contains
lug lilo spring Htmlonl Association
clcclionu.

-I. Tim t‘onlllllsslon rillllll ho onllllod
lo lilo "no of Olllltllﬂ'lllll ul' lllc lic\\‘o’
N|Ii|l'l‘ of all budgol l'lnauccd publica-
llIIIIN I'or lilo \\‘cok containing lilo
I'roshlucn olcctions ill lilo full.

I). 'i‘bo (‘tlllliilllittltlli slulli IINI' lhc

nlllil‘tt ollolod lo it for publlclaiug lilo
clccliolls in cooporution with tho staffs
of tho luilllcntlons. ‘l‘llo (‘ollllulssion
shall inc llllt' utlch ulltlcl'lllla us ils l'lticd
undcr .\l'llt‘lt| \‘iii. Sccllon .‘lbil only
lli'uvltlv.

ti. 'I‘bo t‘oulmlsalou shall. \\llli lilo
coopot‘utlon ol’ t‘ulnpus t‘omnllsulou.
conduct such clcclloll roillos as it finds
llt'lill‘iillll‘ and possihlc. no rnllloa llc«
lug hold unions conductod by l't‘l-cllon
t‘oultulsalon lll uccordauco with tho
l'ulca.

o o s

i Iuorc Ih.ll lilo following ho subatl
lllll‘tl l'ol‘ accllull lll it .‘l, -l, h:

"l'lh-ctlon t'llilliillNNluil shall provido
for alllficlonl puhllcolion ot' oiccllou
ucws in cooporallou with tho staffs of
all hudgcl i‘lnullcod pubiicutlous‘ l‘ol'
lilo Wl'l'li pl'ocoding and tho \\‘t‘t‘li coir
luluiug lilo spring olcctions and tllc
\\'coil containing i‘l‘osluucn oicclloua in
tho full."

0W, placate. . .

This Reporter is given the widest latitude as author

 

 

of this column, although his viewpoints do not neces- V

sarin reflect those of the Sun Common les.

It's a strange phenomena:—-peoplei And there are
so many kinds . . . their actions are amusing and
baffling and even terrifying—and they have all been
poured into the melting-pot of State College.
PREREQUISITE .

I was sitting on a stool in the P.O., thumbing
through a Well-worn newspaper—and for the life
of me, I couldn’t think of Prime Minister Atlee’s first
name. “Hey,” I said to the girl who dashed into tie
room, “do you know the ole‘ boy’s name?” She looked
at me, startled, and in a gasp She said: “Why, no, I
don’t take Poll Sci 12!”

RUMORS ARE FLYING

I never believe rumors—but there's one that the
NATION and SOVIET RUSSIA TODAY have been
removed from the library shelves. But, can this be
TRUE? Surely not in a teacher-training institution
where academic freedom is the by-word of educational
methods—surely not among people who clamor against-
any infringement of free speech and press. For, after
all, that would be supression—and that’s like burn-
ing book!”

POINT OF INFORMATION

For the information of those who didn’t sit in those
empty seats, we DID have assembly last Friday. The
program consisted of election speeches for secretary
and presentation of the voting committee's report——
tho, THIRD Voting Committee that YOU asked for.
It's a privilege to vote—but, remember, you have a
duty toward that privilege-even to be a semi-quail-
fled voter, you have to know WHAT you're voting for!
THEY DID IT FOR YOU

The most important objective of the student should
be the attempt to promote a better functioning stu—
dent organization. The Voting Committee’s job was a
tedious one—they at least deserve a hearing. After
all, they didn't do it because they relish late meetings
and working with Weinberg's “It's Really Very Sim-
ple” Voting System. And, remember, they‘re not mak—
ing money on it, or trying to dictate. Give them a
break—they represent you.

A CENSURE FROM EMILY POST

The conduct. in Page Hall at the “aforementioned”
assembly was shattering—so these are the “adults”
who are tomorrow's teachers—this is the shining light
that will guide our children: the only positive thing
about this “group” is that they’re the first to gripe.
MAY WE PROPOSITION YOU?

Thus, we hereby propose:

1. If the assembly proves too dull——too dull to listen
to respectfully. ask for an Interview with the
program conunittoe. and do some constructive

thinking.

.If it is impossible to tolerate the rereading of
amendments and recommendations, start boiling
today for the proverbial obstacles of life—there

are worse things waiting for you . . .

.Il‘ neither of these categories moot. with your up-
proval. and you are still indifferent. at least give
the speaker the courtesy he deserves. “They also
serve . . ."

THE SAME OLD STORY

And, furthermore, State College is yours—If it is a
center of Juvenile pettiness—blnmc yourself. If your
uvcrsion is “big-wheels.“ remember that they thrive
on the food you feed them. A college is like an auto-
mobile: it is smooth-running and cl‘l'lelcnt. only It
lilo parts are chosoll well and If you remember to
cllcck tile oill
LIFE 0R DEATH

Did you hear about the aspiring Junior who took a
quick shorthand course, so that. silo could fill lll ilcr
Myskania blank to Its fullest. potentialities?
BROTHER, CAN YOU SPARE A DIME?

As a part of National Brotherhood Wock. Dumblc—
toll and Fl‘cycl‘ announce that. tile group plans to
sponsor one project to demonstrate that “bcilcf lilt‘lilir-
nothing uhlcss It. rcsulls in action." So. if you'l't
uskcd for u llickci or a (limo, it. will lllcull rccol'ds fol
tin; orphans. If yoll l'clllly lncou all those filings
you'Vc bccu saying about how you “accept” cvoryollc.
that. llloucy should coulo pouring ill. Sul'o. our I‘l—
luulccs Ill'i! low but it's only ONE nickci . . . wilcl'c':.
your pcrspoeilvo?

WANTED:

As a result of an llll'orlllui sul‘vcy. ll. socllls as though
SC’I‘ stutlcllls would likc to son lilo addition of tho
following coul‘scs to our prcsclll- curriculum: (‘lcucrui
Philosophy. Political Philosophy, Scx l‘i(lll(‘llllt)ll, Coul—
pnrutivo licilgiou. and Psychology not of tho utioios-
(‘t‘lllr the l‘cal McCoy! llnuu, sounds iiko a wall
ronlldcti product \\'(lllili‘i‘ HOW \\'c act lilo ingro-
tliollts.

WHAT’S NEW?

If you have a rnro bit of lnl‘o.. popularly lcrmcd a
“scoop” or a gripe, drop it in NEWS mailbox, (l/O
(ll'liiNltiN, PLEASE.

M

W

 

College Calendar - - —

 

FRIDAY, II‘EIIRIIAIH’ 20. ill-Ill

3:30 PM.» ~1th iiourd ulccthur, Room 100.
'I‘IIICSDAI'. FEBRUARY “ti

13:00 Noon Music Council ltccol'dlug lloul‘. lioolll :ltl

'lzlll) PM. Spanish Club lllcclillg ill iioom till; uucsl.

spoukor. Mrs. chcrs, Chllo
\\'I'IDNESIIAY. li‘EliltllAliY 25
13:00 Ntltlilv Cilupol sol'vicc, Unitarian Church: speak-
or. ltcvcl'cud it. ii‘loycd lluckwcil.
7:30 PM. Men‘s and wolllou's rivalry haskolbull.
THURSDAY. ll‘llililtilAltI' 20
3:30-0:00 PM. lZiI'A dance at lliilcl liuii.
12:05-12:30 PM. iVCl’“ Worship. Room all.
7:30 P.M.~~Meli's and womoll’s rivalry basketball
3:30 5:00 PMm-lZFA dillwu at Hillel flail. ’

 

 

's'rA'r: COLLEGE NIWICF‘R‘IDA‘Y. 'FE‘B‘. 26. rue

PAC. 8

 

Select Players
For Tournament

in Semi-Finals

EightWinning Students
To Enter Preliminaries

Playing Hands By Mia

Semi-finals for the Intercollegiate
Bridge Tournament took place
Tuesday and Wednesday night in
the State College cafeteria, and all
but eight players were eliminated
from the competition. Those re-
maining in the contest are Rita
Shapiro and Arlene Lavendar, Sen-
iors; Marie Holz, Anita Olson and
Thomas Llsker, Juniors; Wayne
Gallagher and Donald Hoyt. Soph-
omores; Eugene Rollr ’51.

These eight players will enter the
college wide preliminaries and if
they win they will go to Chicago
for the finals, with all expenses to,
from and in Chicago, borne by the
committee. Eighteen hands of bridge
sent by the Intercollegiate Board
will be played by the finalists and
results will be returned to the Board
to be scored. This round-by-mail is
to be played in nod-February and
the sixteen highest pairs will com-
pete in a fuee-to—face final match
in Chicago.

The eight campus winners and the
game captain will each receive a
case. and those who take part in
the finals will receive a key. Mil‘ll-
aturc engraved cups will be pre-
sented to tho winner of the tourna-
ment in Chicago.

Groups Unite
For Brotherhood

Myskania, Forum and Smiles have
jolncd with Inter-Group Council,
Student Christian Association and
Hillel ill the observance of National
Brotherhood Week, which has been
extended for one more week’s ob-
servation ill. State.

Albany Home for Children has
bccu chosen as a community project
for the groups; it was decided to
purchase records for the radio-
pllollogl‘apil prcscnlcd to the Home
by Myskunia.

'I‘hc group will present a program
'_l‘luu's(iuy ill tllc Lounge at. 3:30 p.
nl. 'l‘ilc spcukcl' is Mrs. Somenfeld,
who will spcllk on “How to Combat.
Dcscrllllillalion."

Art Department To Sponsor
Exhibit This Week in Draper

'l‘llc Art 4 class: will feature a.
built-till hoard display on tho scooutl
lltull’ of Drapcr, Monday through
.l“l'ill:l)‘. according to Miss Rlilll
liulcllllls, Assistant Pl'ol‘cssol' ol
Al'l.

'l‘ilc subjccls to bc uscd lli‘c mcll<
lul llll.lgcs lukcll from pt-cllls ol'
pnrtlcllhll' uppcal lo lilo sludcllis.
'l‘llc purposc of this spolllullcous
lli'llnll work in tcmpcl'll, is to l‘l'cc
llll.lt'.lll.ililill lllul cllcourllgc l'l'cc al'ul
lllmclln-lll ill palllllllg.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

“l‘ol'tl‘ulturo At. Its Finest"

‘r ‘
HOLLYWOOD (‘OMI‘IS
ICAS'l‘ TO TAKE
\‘(lilil l‘tllt'l‘ItAl'i‘

‘ ‘

OPEN 0:00 to 6:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

'l‘EIIEPHONE 4-0011
till MADISON AVENUE

First Cadet Teachers Enthusiastic Over "Life in The Field;”
Find Student Normal, School Pleasant, Experience Beneficial

In an effort to discover the gen-
eral attitude of the students who
are participating in the new pro-
gram of cadet teaching, they were
interviewed this Week concerning
their first reactions to teaching
“out in the field.” Majors in Eng-
lish, they are teaching in outlying
districts of Albany, under master
teachers.

As a whole they seemed quite en-
thusiastic and very pleased with
their new environment. Marjorie
Lotz, at Ravens, stated that in her
opinion, this was a valuable ex-
perience. well worth the extra time
put into it. Ruth Bessel, Voorhees-
ville, who is teaching three classes
in English, commented that her
schedule adds variety to her peda-
gogical life and that she feels cadet
practice is a true picture of what
future teachers are prepared for.

Betty Jayne Jones, Watervliet,

went even further in her statement.
She feels that her work with five
different classes is an experience
that she won't forget, but she. went
on to say that both the seniors and
State will benefit from this system.
if it is permitted to expand.

From Bethlehem Central, Doro-
thy Dlﬁhl Merritt; and Mary Flem-
ing are both agreed that they have
a very good location. They are pleas-
ed with the school, master-teachers,
co-workers, and especially the stu-
dents.

Glorla Gilbert. most “hopped-up”
of all the cadets, enthusiastically
described the “beautiful school, ex-
cellent library, wonderful food and
cafeteria, and the terrific, typical
teen-agers." She also said that ris-
ing each morning at 6:30 was one
way to lead a healthy life.

Eloise Worth, although she doesn't
want to complain about life at; the

Gamma Kap house, is determined
that the next teaching position she
accepts has an apartment on camp-
us to avoid commuter's problems.

Students who for the first eight
weeks are taking special courses so
they may go out for cadet teaching
were interviewed also to discover
how they feel about the program.
As a whole, all are looking for-
ward to the experience, but their
big problem at present is their
studies. Those in the English de-
partment are pleased with the
schedule offered to them, because
it is scaled so that they may finish
their classes before they set out to
teach. Thus, they have the worry
of exams behind them. However,
the social studies students feel that
special courses should be open to
them so that they may have the
same opportunities as English stu-
dents.

 

Lubey, Campbell
To Stage Plays

Advanced Dramatics will present
two of the four remaining one-act
plays for the 1947—48 season, Tues-
day evening, February 24. at 8:30
p. in. in the Page Hall auditorium.

The plays are under the direction
of John Lubey and Stuart Campbell,
Seniors. Mr. Lubey’s play is a mod-
ern comedy which takes place in
Washington. The cast includes Paul
Barselou, Graduate. Gloria Jaffer
and Robert Lynch, Seniors, and
Frederick Baron ‘49. According to
the stage crew. Mr. Lubey’s set is
unique and unlike anything the
State College audience has soon be-
fore.

Mr. Comboll will direct an Irish
folk drama. the cast of which in-
cludes Ellen Fay and Arthur Rus-
sel. Seniors, and Elizabeth Franks
'49.

Bistoli Announces Addition
Oi Four New Members

Press Bureau has announced the
admittance of four new mem-
bers from the Class of 1950. Diane
Webbel‘. Robert Freyer, Margaret
Vonuda. and William Dumblcton
were voted to office by the Board of
Press Bureau. according to Beverly
Bistol‘l‘. Director.

 

Bale] Noted

 

 

Intercollegiate Zionist Federation
of America has scheduled a dance
for Thursday afternoon from 3:30
to 5 p. m. at Hillel Hall on Wash-
ington Avenue.

Student Christian Association will
hold a banquet next Sunday, Feb-
ruary 29, in the Madison Avenue
Presbyterian Church. The speaker
will be Dan O'Connor, Staff Secre-
tary of the Student Christian Move-
ment in New York State, known by
those attending SCM conferences.

Gerald Dunn  President of the
Freshman Class. requests that all
freshmen who have not paid their
class does bring their money to
school on either Monday, February

23, or Tuesday, the 24th. There will _

be a table outside the Commons
between the hours of 9 a. m. and 4
p. ln. where the dues may be paid.
Mr. Dunn also announced that due
to a recent ruling from the Voter—
ans Administration veterans w
have to pay their own dues.

._.
._.

All organizations which have been
assigned desks ill the Commons will
be held responsible for their up-

(Continued on Page 6, Column 8)

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

 

 

 

sern'Snor

mm

(M  ﬂuar'e.
Home Made ICE CREAM

SODAS — CANDY —— SANDWICHES
Luncheon Served Daily

OPEN DAILY AT 0 A. as. -

M)“

 

 

 

 

 

Col-nor ol‘
ONTARIO iii. BENSON

.lilAll 4-1125

"liuy Whore lilo Flowers Grow"
FLORIST & IiiiltllthllOUSE

COLLEGE lt‘llOlth'l‘ FOR Yl'iAliS

—~»-~-~—Spoolal Attention to Sororities and l“i'i\i«tii‘lllil08~--

“Slate” iioprosontalivos
JACK illiOl’llY
GEORGE POULOS
\VAI.’l‘ SCIIICK

 

 

 

 

 

IZFA To Hold
Educational Rally

State College’s branch of the
Inter-Zionist Federation of America
will sponsor a Political Educational
Rally on the Palestine question
Wednesday at 3:30 p. m. in the
Lounge. Speakers will include one
faculty member, one outside speak-
er and several students.

The theme of the rally is the
importance of what is going on and
what students can do regarding the
United Nations decision; the meet-
ing is being held in conjunction
with similar rallies on 150 campuses
protesting the embargo policy of the
United States.

All state College, both faculty and
students. are invited to the rally,
according to Ilse Gluckstadt ’49.
President of IZFA.

Mlle. To Open
Annual College

Fiction Contest

Prize Winning Article
To Receive Recognition

Prizes amounting to $1000 will be
offered by the magazine Mademois-
elle to winners of their annual Col-
lege Fiction Contest. $500 will be
awarded for each of the two best
stories submitted, all rights reserved.
The winning stories will be pub-
lished in the August 1948 Made-
moiselle. Fiction entries, from 3000
to 5000 words long, must be post-
marked no later than midnight,
April 15.

The contest, open to women un-
dergraduates only, will accept stor-
ies which have appeared in under-
graduate college publications as long
as they have not been published
elsewhere. The magazine reserves
the right to buy any other accept-
able stories at their regular rates.

The fiction submitted must be
typed and double spaced on one side
of the paper only. It must be ac-
companied by the contestant’s name,
home address, college address, and
college year. Entries should be sent
to College Fiction Contest, Made-
moiselle, 122 East 42nd Street, New
York 17, N. Y.

According to the communication
received by the NEWS, Mademoi-
selle is usually well represented in
the animal anthologies' of best
American short stories; several of
the stories which have been reprint-
ed have been the author’s first
published work; the winners of the
contest have always aroused the in-
terest of publishers, and three win-
ners in the last four years have
signed contracts for their books.

The magazine, since it is one
for young women between the ages

(Continued on Page 6, Column 1)

 

 

AFTER EXERCISE
REFRESH YOURSELF

llth 3 C01” 

 

somro UNDER AUlitORliY or IIIE cocucou COMMNY st
ALBANY (‘tit‘A-COLA lio'l‘TldNG COMPANY

0 iv“, the Coco-Coin Company

-i=-l;asl;-.~ll.._. , 

 

