   
   
   
 

 

 

no: a’

' our: COLLIGI les.

 

Hm... Heard? ,

"shaded naval reserve, aren’t you? Well, A
you’d better say good-bye to State; You didn’t
know? Well, you’re due to be called anytime on

 six hour notice, and believe me, it’ll be soon.”

“Hey, Mary, know what? If there’s a war, they’re
going to draft all the women, even college kids.
Yeah, sure I’m serious. One of the fellows said the

men won’t go}?

diatély for the draft. ‘

Reserve officers of the Air Corps have hit it
lucky, so far. They will have thirty-six hours to
wind up their affairs instead of the six allotted to
the Naval Reserve. The Marines, apparently, will
have to grab their old uniforms, moth balls and
all, without any time at all for a farewell dinner or

I for sewing insignia on a suit turned civilian. Will
. their motto be justiﬁed? Listen for a new, fresh

story tomorrow.

- Seniors complaining about the dearth of good
leads won’t have to worry any more. All their
troubles will be solved for them in the next few
weeks by the tempting offer of a job as a bigger
and better Wac. This time women will run the show.
Tell me, girls, can you learn anything about tanks

in that driver training course?

Sounds stupid, doesn’t it? But how many rum-
ors like these have we listened to and passed on
with a gasp? The muddlesome, tneddiesome state of
most peoples minds today gives rise to distortions
of facts we have been conscious of for some time

without getting hysterical about them.

That there is the possibility, some would say
probability, of war, is easily recognized. Since Pres-
ident Truman’s address on Wednesday, the possi-
bility of another draft looms larger. To consider
carefully the eventuality that women will be as-
signed a larger part in future hostilities is a wise
step in planning for the next few years. But—t0
throw up one's hands in despair, to jump frantically
from the absurd to the ridiculous is merely to con-

fuse an already serious situation.

For the most part, these rumors'start with an
innocent observation concerning the problem. We
don’t expect to find fifth columnists lurking be-
hind Minerva. The remark, picked up and exag-
gerated, soon blossoms into a healthy, full grown
rumor. There is more than a suspicion that many

of us enjoy harrowing our emotions without con-
sidering either the effect on our blood pressure or
the ineffectiveness of fuming and fretting.

Norah—don't start stupid stories circulating, and
don’t pass them on if you hear them. But—have
you heard that you will have to turn in all the
brass buttons on your old uniforms so that they
can be replaced by plastic ones which won't need
polishing?

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916

By the Class ol1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
V01. XXXII March l9, 1948

Member
Associated (‘ollcglntc Press
The utnlcrgrxnluutc newspaper of‘ the New York Sluic t.‘ol-
logo for 'i‘t-nchcrs: published every Friday of the college
,l‘lcnr by the .\'l<l\\_.\' ilourd for tlh' Student .\.-tNoclnl|ntl
‘l litln‘cshhlny. '_‘ filth: t‘olctunn and itochi’ord_ '..’ tllL’ll: Zinnl
.l limbs; t larl; 2-0810. Members of the lit-\l'n staff may fill
rcncltml 'l'ucs.. and Wm]. from 7 lo ll:-'lll l'. .\i. of llilitll‘.

M—

 

No. 20
Distributor
(,‘oflcglntc Digest

The News Board

ANN MAY - - - - EDiTorl-tN-CNIEF
CAROL CLARK - - MANAGING EDITOR
ELLEN ROCHFORD - - . MANAGING EDITOR
PAULA TICHY - . - -

IPORTI EDITOR
CIRCULATION MANAGER

. . - ADVERTIIING
BUIINEII MANAGER

- ~ ABIOCIATI EDITOR
. . AIIOCIATE IDITOR
~ - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

FRANCES ZINNI ' . .
RITA COLEMAN

CHARLOTTE LALLY -
ELBIE LANDAU . . .
JEAN PULVER - . .
JEAN SPENCER . . .

Issue Editor CAROL CLARK
(\li contuluutculions should be illitll'l‘ﬂﬁl‘tl to the editor and
must ho signed. N'tllltw uiil ltc within-hi upon request
I'ltl' S'l’A'l'i'i ('llltlJ. lu' .\'i'2\\'.\' :lnalilllt‘s no responsibility
for opinions expressed in its columns or cotntuunlcations
us uncb expresslmh do not necessarily rcfh-ct its view.

We?

   

 

    

 

Rumor runs riot throughout the halls these days.
.v You [meet it every place from the Commons to
classes where whispers spread the most vital in-
formation ranging from the imminénéé of a war
with Russia to'the necessityof signing up imme-

 

 

Reprinted from the May, 1947 issue of momma
Copyright 1047 by Esquire, Inc.
“Haven’t you any other trips? We were in the

Army, you know”

aria/4 @uﬂaooé

By HEINZ ENGEL

The most minute inspection of to-
day’s newspapers will impress even
the most uninterested person in the
world of the grave situation, which
the present day society faces. From
all sides we are told that between
us and the complete destruction of
our physical lives stands only one
thing and that is the atom bomb.
We are impressed with the grave-
ness of the communistic inﬂuences,
what terrible effects would take place
if those ideals would become the
ideals of the world. With loud cries
the theological thinkers of our time
proclaim that We are, if not on the
way to hell then at least on the
certain downward path of our so
long cherished moral creeds. This
view is also ardently supported by

sociologists who point with shudder

in their voices to the general disinte-
gration of our very basic unit of so-
ciety . . . namely the family.

We may rightly ask ourselves just
why, and why just at this time, we
should be confronted by such ob-
stacles. In the same breath we may
also ask ourselves how we may over-
come not only these obstacles, but
also the underlying causes.

Let us examine what has happen-
ed during the last few years. Science
has taken over 0m very lives. Om‘
paths and ways have been dictated
by science. Science has been able
to provide us with just about every-
thing we might desire from such
lowly things as a s
disposal of human b

 

 

 

 

on in the minds of men and many
more things which we are not so
willing to listen to.

With all these advances it might
seem that we are on the way to
one of the most glorious futures that
man has ever been able to envision.
But noli! At every turn we are con—
fronted by an abyss which appar-
ently leads nowhere but to certain

or maybe the problem could be bet-
ter stated: "What is lacking."

Have we not. in our haste to make
science our God, overlooked one of
the most important phases of hu-
man thinking?‘ This one phase had
been going on through the ages like
a thin thread, but yet it was strong
immunity along
through some of its most trying per-
iods. The name given to this thread
differs with the individual but at all
times man had it.

Some of us may call it hope, some
of us may call it conviction, some
call it faith. Just arbatrarlly I will
call it the basic philosophy of life.

A basic philosophy of life will not
only provide many answers but will
also give the thin thread onto which
we can hang and with that weather

Let tne give you a concrete exam-
You may ask yourselves how
we can stop Communism with it.
Man must believe something. If you
take all truth nutay from man and
surround him with nothing but. lies,
lies which he knows as such, he will
eventually believe
merely because he has nothing else
to believe in. If we want to stop
Connmmistic doctrines we must be
able to provide in their place doe-
trlnes of such strength and force
that the person wants to accept

Scientists in the form of sociolo-
gists have also provided us with a
most complete explanhtion of the
way we spend our lives and why.
Phychologists have to a certain ex-
tent been able to tell us what goes

60mman

' (and

 

A people cannot have its century-
rooted beliefs obliterated and then
be told to go and find by themselves
the right path and the answer to
Just as the fertile
fields of a nation can be destroyed,
the minds of man may be destroyed.
So it. is our duty, in these times, to
furnish strong convictions, not only
for ourselves but. also for many oth-

The scene shifts rapidly in re—
gard to the State Unive
me. This might be the
reason for the error in last week‘s

We read on page.l last week that.
make them live for one day. a firm
belief will make them hope forever.

College Calendar — — -
New York State stands opposed to ’
the State University.

must also include. for our own benc-
tlt. such basic principles as faith in
University is vital and of men in- Ono» m'ishlmrs. the knowledge that
terest to many readers of the State
College News. ’l‘hcrcforc, l fch it.
is sufficiently important that we be
correctly informed on all the

good and that in all probability we.
have as funny f'nulls as the next

Above all there must be hope. A
man may be down, stepped upon and
tortured but as long as he has hope
he is never out. If is this hope which
kept the Pilgrim going; it. is this

The authorized stand of the C.
W. l... was published by its sccrc-
tnry last. week in the
Catholic diocese of
the Evangelist. ’I‘he ’I‘obln.
filled this \thquulliicd (mutation.

l'utrlcla. Spencer. “It!

EDITOR’S NO'l‘EI
statement il[)|\f.‘tll‘t‘(
list of March lit.

The New York State Catholic Wei~
lure Committee has been quoted as
being opposed to the creation of the
proposed State University.

projects as world pcuce and tree-
If (it) PM thiiJn‘H - Aim-kinda illustcr

Many of these things seem to be
lacking in our present. day thinking,
We are ‘(l‘lillillg in the dark, but yet
know not what we are groping for.
We have dropped the thread and
cannot find ll. 'l‘lntt. thin thread of
hope and conviction, of faith in one-

1 in the Evange-
li.Iitl l’i\l i'/.l“:\ pt‘t'scnluthut of

7'30 i'.l\f
secretary of tho (1W0,
'i‘liet‘e were object-ions to the
blob are being met by mnend~

mcn has guided generations post.
the forces of destruction and will, if
found. guide future generations on to w'”’~"""““"v “MW” '3“
the wide road to a better world.

 

ﬂuigcu'pt...”
_. By non woken—M

This Reporter is given the widest latitude as author
of this column, although his viewpoints do not neces.
sarily reflect those of the STA": Cotonou News.

 

Joy Simon ’49, who has been writing this column for
the past few weeks, is unable to continue. Her succex-
sor is Bob Tucker

I’m a new man at the job. Everything you read
here will be my opinion only, but I will try to back
it up with facts 'herever possible, and take the rap
for what I say via r oil to my column or to the editors
of the paper . . .

A few weeks ago a i. eeting of prospective ballplay—
ers was held, evidently to test the measure of in-
terest which could be co. nted on in the coming sea-

son. Twenty-odd players shoyved up, enough to en-
courage M.A.A. to go forward with tentative plans for
an intercollegiate schedule. Or so I thought. Several
weeks passed with no further news of baseball, and
it also slipped my mind as I ploughed through drifts,
to and from school.

However. as neWS of spring training from Florida

and the West began to trickle from the radio, I 1'c~
membered and began to wonder what new dchlop-
ments had taken place since the original gathcrlnu.
Various stories reached the. The. original site had
been discarded because of time difficulties (in spilc
of the fact that almost all at the meeting had ex—
pressed their willingness to practice at the dosignzucd
time and place), a further attempt to get the saun-
field at a more convenient hour had failed, and now
an attempt was being made to get Beverwyck park
for our exclusive use. The latest. flash from the front
office indicates that no practice will be held until
after Easter vacation. which leaves about. seven weeks
for practice and the actual schedule. To my knowl-
edge. no schedule has been made, mostly bt‘CallM‘ no
don‘t deﬁnitely have a. field to play on. This is not
a. very encouraging picture, and many of the hold
overs from last. year are beginning to suspect. that
this season will be a repetition of last/77 no practlc.
to speak of. no publicity, and a team in name onh
Both ﬁeld and schedule should have been taken can-
of at the end of last season.

As far as I know. John Doelcy has worked \'cl‘\

hard to make a go of the whole business, followlnc
up leads but to no avail. I admit I don‘t. know lltc
whole story. What are the prospects for a team [in
this year? Is it. impossible to gel the facilities to
practice? I don’t. know who in the M.A.A. can
answer these questions. but, someone surely can tell
me—«nnd the rest. of the student b()(i_\'—~\\'llclilct' \m
can make use of the material we have, to nlnkc .t
winning team, or if we are chasing a will—o'—thc-utnp’

$ Iii =it

State College is, as colleges go ,1. pretty small school

There are a million different activities to occupy Ihc
time of interested people; everything from Volleyball
to Dramatics. But it. never cnuscs to amaze the lion
people caught up in the swu'l of the many activate.
can twist their sense of values. I certainly titllllli‘l-
devotion to one or several of the extrn~eurriculnr
events being singed at. school, but—. Betty lioop can
develop ulcers, apoplcxy, or Bright's disease orcr tln-
prospects of the latest. W.A.A. murch tournnmcn'.
but don't ask her whom she would like to see (‘lt‘t'll'tl
President. "You mean presldcnl of the collcgc?“ nin-
wlll reply. When you have explained to hcr that you
are referring to a popular political office. she \llll
smile coyiy and say, "Oh. I don't have time for tha‘
sort of thing. Besides. [m not 11 Social Hindu-s in.»

jor.“ l nskcd onc "t'o—t‘fl" what she thoung :lllntl'
the possibility of a draft. "I""anl«:ly " siic rcphcd, "In.
windows are stortu~prool‘cd" What ctltl you till"

..

POS'I‘ H(‘llll"i‘ if you think the lh‘\\' lludwu t

cxclllnu. try thc ttc\\' ‘Knrpluk‘ The car you crawl up
into!

 

 

‘._.—~____.__~__._

FRIDAY. MAIH'II Iii. ill-18

11:00 AM, Paul f‘. liuhzct' '\'Ili slit-nit in {\‘ml'llllllt

on "it‘lcid Hct'wccs :tlld l’lillilf' itcialloll
of illt' (‘olic;u"'

it'liti l’l\l lulcr~\/nr.~.uy (‘ln'l‘tlnn it't*lio\\~ltl|) inlll:

t‘luss (it-nest». Hill'ﬂlft‘l‘, Mrs 'l‘t'un‘t

tl.titll’l\l Nc\\ltlul1 t‘lub presentation of ll.u|»

iltol in the t‘olotnon:.

hi NI).\\‘. M.\li(‘ll ill

pull} .ll
Albany llontc nu- (‘luldrcn

'l‘I I‘IHI);\\'. MAIH‘II ‘33

"Home Arc ‘lin‘
lluntcd". Millic lltilc 'l‘in-utcr

('hot'nlcllcs musical [ll'tutl'tllll nt tln‘ :\l
bony llomc

5:35 PM. Spring \v'ncution begins

 

«ITA'I'I COLLIGI NIWO. FRIDAY. MARCH ID. I“.

 

 

lGC Commences 0m Man’s am

By THOMAS LISKER

 

 

o‘ ‘ ' I
Ch 1: n S uar
n o q 2 ‘Hat’stoff to “Commanders” Stokes
- s and' Fe erson for their pleasing di-
 P rection of “The, Lass That Loved

The Sailor." It has been the most
. . " 'w warm y received reduction" in Pa e
lnwtes Memberships :33 Hall this year. p 8‘

” ‘ ” ' Before critically denouncing “H.
To Fcel out Tcnslons M. S. Plnafore" as disgustingly awk-

Molly Mulligan '50, Chairman of gamble: igs take into tconsisten-
_ on a was an ama eur ow.
the Clinton Square Seminar Pro Actors. producers, and directors an
1803 51101150er by Inter Gr°up have full-time jobs, and rehearsals
Council, has announced that the must be slipped in between home-
study to determine the extent of work astiignme'ii‘lts tests, andt 
prepare ons. ie enjoymen e
seem tensmn in this area has by the audience was in seeing their
commenced' classmates act out characters with
_ personalities far from their own.
{sum-ants are now gathering in I, personally, thought the best
formation by interviewing priests, m ' ‘ u j "
ministers, doctors, labor leaders and “umbvlv P3 fl”: was the Bell T1” 0
policemen in this locality of di- Harry M1115, by the W33" domg the
verse racial nature and low income finest job in his Page Hall career.
residents. The territory covered by
the project is representative of . f. .t.
various nationalities such as Negro, F  A
Chinese, Indian, 'Polish, French,  c  
Greek, Hungarian and Irish. The
Negro population, which comprises P   e
65% of the residents now, is coin-
tégﬁgﬂy ﬁf’ﬂEmﬁﬁggguggv‘ggﬁﬁ A recent addition to college cur-
. g' . . - . - ricular throughout the country—the
effective technique of mteiView and h .
mm!) oomam field course—has proven to_ be a
E’ useful tool for the instruction of
Inter Group Council holds its college students in various areas of
meetings Tuesday, 3:30 p. m. in learning, particularly in that of 5.0-
Room 101. On, alternate weeks, ciai relations. Some colleges are now
speakers from the Clinton Square using this program with the aim of
area address the group. Mr. Clark aiding in the development of tol-
of the Neighborhood House, gave ernnt and democratic attitudes.
an address on a “Dul'DOSGfUI quom The value of field trips for col-
Systcm" March 9 and M1“. KBDDBH. lege classes has been long recog-
Of the Booker T. WaShingtOll Cell“ nizcd and used in certain areas,
ter, will speak on intro-racial con- like geology, geography. home eco-
flicks March 23- Reports W111 £1150 nomics, mining. and forestry. His-
be given by Frances Konopka ’50. tOI'y classes have visited sites, mon-
Judlth Oxenhandler and Esther uments and museums, and sociol-
Scofield, freshmen, members of the Ogy Students have gone for study
student research committee. to the homes and places where dif-
. ferent races and minority groups
At the 135'; mecm’g' Joy S’mon congregate. It is common practice in
’49 administered the personal in- mum, colleges! as a part of regw
ter-group autobiography study. “36' 1M courses, for classes in history
f0“? you can feel our" these “mm” and political science to visit legis-
tensmns 1“ [my group 0” are“! lative bodies. State College follows
M155 Simon Statedv “one muSt’ mS’; a similar plan, visiting of the state
know his 0W“ l)1'ejlldiCe-" The ”" legislature while it's in session by
lel'gmup hiswry is merely an “1' social studies students. Here they
formal record of one’s encounter see American democracy in action
with such a problem.

 

The purpose of the field course
Miss Mum’gan “mmuncw that is to familiarize the students with
there are still many openings for the problems and character of pep
“lose Who wou’d “Re to "0’13 1“ soils with different backgrounds and
[ms pro-led "n" that anyone Who social levels. This is accomplished by
’5 ’mcms‘ed is qual’f’e‘" N0 pm' college sponsored intercultural field
"mus kno‘v’edge 0" exper’ence m trips and by combination field work
this field is required.

 

h-_~

 

Mrs. Snow’s solo, “The Hours Creep
On Apace,” was the top single per-
formance of the evening. Earl Snow
(Don’t-lean-on-the-
masthead) Olsen, portraying their
characters-farcical“, disappointed a
few, but added rib tickling enjoy-
ment to the packed house In par-
ticular, Charlie Miller’s nautical as-
pects caught the eyes- of all. Miss
Miss Franks, and Mr.
Chase added to a fine suporting
t

 

As tradition has it, the costumes
for the Operetta Were extremely
pleasing, making up for the less
attractive sets. The stage pictures,
and the movements, although not
synchronized a la Broadway, pro-
vided hilarity and color galore. -

Like the line in the football squad,
the orchestra gets little attention,
but our little group performed no-
with the aid of Lucille St.
Priest, accompanist—not a line was
missed under the balcony, incredi-

 

............................ .. 44500 44500 44500

 

 

 

 11126 11126 11126

 

But. fellow Thespians, let us in
the future plan our curtain calls
without a procedure of dragging
reluctant directors and helpers on
stage to face the backs of a leaving
audience. The crowd was pleased—
let’s ignore the rest, shall we? 0. K.,

 

 

 

............................. .. 44500 44500 44500

6 6A '7
Dunn ............................... .. 13232 11126 11126
6816 7592 10398
6431 7024 10200
.... .. 11126 11126 11126

 

 

 

and workshop plans. One example
of the former could be illustrated
by the field course in sociology of-
fered by Antioch College, Yellow
Springs, Ohio. The purposes of this
course are to study four isolated
communities in regard to their po-
litical organizations, effects of the
the people, natural
and social habitat, their differences,
and the particular philosophies and
ideals of each community.

These field trips may be local or
large scale—ranging from study of

 

 

 

 

 44500 44500 44500

Sophomore Treasurer:

 

 

study. In regard to the latter, it
has been said that foreign study
trips can be made successful vehi-

 

    

 to

Pulver, Lansky, NEWS Releases
Dunn To Attend Date Of Contest
StaieCom‘erence
(Continued from Page 1, Column a)

4700 4800 5000
10700 10900 11300

The date-for the preliminary or-
atorlcal contest to be held at state
has been set for April 7 at 8:15
p. m. in Room 206. This contest
which is being sponsored by the
state College News and in conjunc-
tion with the Albany Times Union
and the Hearst Newspapers Ora-
torloal Contest is based on the sub-
ject “Benjamin Franklin, Patriot
and statesman.” ,

From the contestants, one will
be chosen to compete in the local
area college contest on April 21, un-
der the sponsorship of the Times
Union, to be held at the Albany
Law School auditorium. Elena,
Union RPI, skidmore and the Col-
lege of St. Rose will each send one
representative to this contest. At
this time, one of the six candidates
will be chosen to take part in the
Eastern Zone Contest which will be
held here in Albany.

All those interested should sign
up on the bulletin board in the PD.

KB Slates Dance,
initiates Members

Three new members were ini-
tiated into Kappa Beta Fraternity
at last Monday‘s meeting. Marvin
Wayne, President of KB, has also
announced that plans have been
made for their annual fraternity
dance and picnic.

The new members who were ad-
mitted into Kappa Beta are How-
ard Alpert ’49, Donald Cohn and
George Kline, Freshmen.

Philip Malafsky ’50, is General
Chairman of the week-end activi-
ties that include a semi-formal
dance on Saturday May 22 and a
picnic on Sunday. Gerald Reisner
’49, is chairman of thé dance and
Paul Kirsch '51, is chairman of the
picnic.

 

cles for improving international re-

making people in Europe and oth-
er lands more familiar with Ameri-
and their democratic

To earn college credits, these trips
must be supervised. and generally
tours sponsored by colleges
and having a faculty member as

 

Announce Spring Vacation

According to an announcement .
from the Office of the Registrar,
a tentative date of April 17 has
been set for makeup exmnlnntions.

Those who have to take makeup
exams from first semester are re-

quested to leave their names in .
me Registrar's- Office. Florist 6" Greenhouse

It was also announced that sec- 1 E
ond semester warnings will be dis- Corner of ) 1 ﬂ
tribuicd March 24. ONTARIO A; BLNbON

 

DIAL 4-1125

STUDIO

   

/ I "I
,ﬁuq W/Iere the Flowers GT0

“State” Representatives
JACK BROPHY
GEORGE POULOS
WALT SCHICK

THE COLLEGE FLORIST FOR YEARS
 ~—-—Special Attention to Sororities and Fraternities——

 

 

 

“

HOLLYWOOD COMES

"Portraiture At Its Finest" Where all the Students Meet

 

EAST TO TAKE

Evenings by appointment

TELEPHONE 4-001?
811 MADISON AVENUE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

— The pause that refreshes
‘ s» 185mm“

{M 4% W402)
OPEN 9:00 to 5:80 DAILY Home Made ICE CREAM

SODAS ~—— CANDY —— SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Dally

 

 

OPEN DAILY AT 8 A. l E

E HIGH-SIGN ‘
0F REFRESHMENT

    

BOULED UNDER AUTHORITY or me COCA-COLA COMPANY Ir
ALBANY COCO-COLA BOTTLING CO.

0 I940, The Coco-Colo Cmy

  

 

