 

V  New Board . . .
Another column on this page carries several sug-
gestions concerning the scheduling of extra-curricular

events and the worth of many organizations on
campus.

' As the situation now stands, all activities must
be scheduled through the office of the Dean oi
Women, and the ﬁinal decision as to what should
be given which date, rests with this ofﬁce. This
year, the calendar was so full that when social
groups and dormitories asked for dates early in the
year, the' over-crowded missal was shoved before
them and a dismal shake of the head was .the
answer to their request for an evening.

Last semester, Hillel triumphantly returned Dr.
Louis Jones to State for a talk only to ﬁnd that
State had triumphantly scheduled its ﬁrst basket-
ball game of the season for the same evening. Who
was the second ﬁddle—Jones or the team?

One weekend will glide by with nothing more
fascinating than a hamburg fry by some dorm and
the next weekend we will be in quandries wondering
which event we should attend. Last week the soul-
seeking Eddie Dowling introduced a weekend ﬁlled
with State Fair. Those of us who were unfortunate
enough to attend his “performance” wasted one
evening there and then spent the next entire day
working on State Fair. Result—little homework
accomplished for the weekend-

We are not criticizing the ofﬁce for the appar-
ent illogical scheduling of events. But we are
suggesting that perhaps the students themselves are
better qualiﬁed to state which activities would at-
tract the student body as a whole and which would
pertain only to a select group.

Would it be possible to set up some sort of a
planning board to aid Dean Stokes and Mrs. Mal-
seed in making out the social calendar so that those
events of prime importance are given prime dates
and those of lesser value are given lesser dates?

Students would have a clearer conception of the
events that would rate a whole weekend and
those which could be combined so as not to con-
ﬂict. The activities are scheduled supposedly for
our beneﬁt. Why must Dean Stokes and Mrs. Mal-
seed do all the work?

Cause? . . .

We noted with satisfaction that attendance at
assembly picked up greatly last week. Are the
students at State College gaining an interest in stu-
dent government?

Part of the increase in attendance might be at-
tributed to the rivalry debate which usually arouses
interest and part might be due to the fact that there
was no boring “business” to discuss. At any rate,
we were happy to see that the NEWS was again
being read with the usual thoroughness of assem-
bly days, and are closing our eyes to the fact that
the rush for assembly seats might be due to the fact
that the seating chart ﬁnally made its debut.

 

Established May 1916
By the Clara ol 191 3
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN

 

Vol. XXXII March 5, 1948 NO. 18
Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate l'rci-is Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for ’l'eaelicrs: [llllllli'llll'tl every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS lionrd for tin.» Student Association.

l'iioni-a: May. ’J-ililifi: (luluiillill and ltochford, 2-ill‘_’0; Zlnnl.
3-0538: Clark 2-0870. Members of the news staff may be
reached 'i‘uea., and Wolf. from 7 to 11:30 P. .\i. at 3—0107.

 

The News Board

lDITOR-lN-CHIIF

ANN MAY - - - - - -

CAROL CLARK - - - - MANAGING :oi'ron
ELLEN ROCHFORD . . . . MANAGING lDiTal
PAULA TICHV - - - - - - "on" cotton
FRANCE! ZINNI - - - - CIRCULATION MANAOII
RITA COLEMAN - u - - - - ADvanriaiNo
CHARLOTTI LALLY - a - IUIINIII uauaom
ELIIE LANDAU . - - - AIIOCIATI IDITOI
JEAN PULVIR ~ - o - - AIIOCIATI lorroa
JIAN OPINCIR - - - - - AIIOCIATI Inl'ron

 

All commnuicatlona should be addressed to the editor and

Inns! be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The S’l‘A'i‘lG COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions or iresscd in its columns or i-oiuniuaicaiions

as each expreasonu do not necessarily l'i:“i't'l. its view.

 

02

 

 

«it: cannot rim. rnioAY, one" a. mac

“Ia 340440

By ram noses _________

The clamor that resulted from Fri-
day night’s “Evening with Eddie
Dowllng" has abated somewhat, but
the repercussions are still to be felt.
It is of little avail to review the "Ser-
mon" that Mr. Dowllng so zealously
delivered. for it was apparent that
the majority of the students attend-
ed his "performance".

In view of the fact that D as A
sponsored the appearance of Mr.
Dowling it is natural that those who

I!

payment of the fee. The Council is
seeking, through the means of a
letter addressed to the Lecture Bu-
reau, some» adjustment of the stip-
ulated amount. -

In the interim, the appropriations
of D 85 A are to be discussed by the
Board of Finance. It would be un-
fortunate if the Board takes Dowl-
ing as representative of future D,

85 A sponsored artists. It is admit-
ted that the Council overstepped its

are ignorant of the facts reguardn budget but it must also be acknowl-

ing that unhappy evening will at-
tach all blame to that organization.
However, Mr. Dowling was obtained
through the aid (somewhat misguid-
ed) of the Columbia Concerts Lec-
ture Bureau and the program he
was to fellow was sent by that
agency to D 8r. A. Considering the
established reputation and the ad-
mirable performance of Mr. Dowling
in the “Glass Menagerie”, it is no
Wonder that the Council jumped at
the chance of having him appear.

Even the fee required seems rea-
sonable in proportion to the success
and enjoyment which such an eve-
ning could bring. What happened
Friday night was completely out of
the hands of D & A. It was, to be
literal. in the hands of God! But
D dz A is still responsible for the

edged that good entertainment can-
not be obtained without paying the
price for lip—and the price today is
high. Student body has every right
to demand the best artists that D

& A can arrange for. If the Coun-
cil is not appropriated sufficient
funds with which to select and
choose. then the best will be little
better than the poorest.

Mr. Dowling was a mistake, but
it would be unjust to accuse D & A
of that mistake. Either the agency
misrepresented Eddie Dowling’s abil-
ity on the lecture platform, or else
Mr. Dowling was carried away (far
away) by “divine inspiration”. It
was a sad, although ascetic, even-
ing, but if D & A is to suffer as
a result then we may look forward
to even greater sorrowa

 

 

 

24 SW61 @ﬁeoim,‘

 

The very fact that the PRIMER
appears with the season indicated is
cause for commendation. and cer-
tainly we ought to stand around and
admire the new model. The old one
crept along in low gear for several
years mainly because the driver did-
n’t know how to shift her into sec-
ond, because no one cares much for
gawking at the car which races its
motor and doesn’t go, and because
gas and oil are quite necessary to
the operation of a vehicle.

I have had the pleasure of being
in the position to ride in the lit-
erary vehicle as well as to stand off
and stare at it so that I have been
privileged to hear not only the purr-
ing of the motor in second but also
the grinding of the gears in first.
Unfortunately getting the old buggy
at last into second has not elimin-

ated the knocks and rattles; rather
the greater speed has only increased
the clatter and shimmy resulting

from mechanical faihu'es.

In the past the PRIMER has al-
ways been able to avoid the cheap
vulgaritles so characteristic of other acceleramm‘

By GRAHAM H. DUNCAN

 

lence found in the winterized model,
and since the magazine can be no
better than the material submitted
for publication, some of the selec-
tions are inconsequential. On the
other hand, the poems of Luke Ziles,
with his lush rush of color from the
artist’s palette, are as good as any
to be found in any college maga-
zine. PRIMER. like any other liter-
ary magazine written by young peo-
ple, is largely imitative in techni-
que with the usual echoes of Wolfe,
Elliot, Hemmingway, and others.
This is to be expected, and I sup-
pose we should not even ask what
became of Friday in “The Bell.”
But perhaps when we are young and
have little to say we should worry
more about perfecting our technique
than we do, so that when we ﬁnally
have something to express we have
a way of communicating it most ef-
fectively. In spite of some rather ob—
vious faults, the stories and poems
are generally more compact and
clear than those of previous years.

So much for the vehicle’s gain in
The mechanical fail-

college literary magazines. & S000. are, however, to which I refer, is

percentage of which depend upon

the same as it has always been, al-

the moat primative sexual leei‘ing though it is apparently worse with

in order to appease the greater mu.-

Lhe motor turning at a higher tem-

jority of their student bodies. But p0. It is simply that the material to

in this avoidance our magazine has be

included is poorly edited. Of

formerly embedded itself in another course. there are conditioning fac-

extreme in which it became a high- tors,

The editorial staff is rushed

1y personalized, private organ of ex- for time; the editor this year was

pression for a very limited number mainly concerned

with producing

of the literary crust, composed of LWO issues and the pressure of so-
friends of the editor whose tone was liciting enough advertising to flu-
often that of navel-gazing and guess unce them. There is reluctance on
what~I’m—writing—about-ism. Al- the part of one student to criticize
though the present offering is not the writing of another so that it
entirely free from this kind of lit- story is either rejected or accepted
erui'y hoax, the winter issue is cer- instead of being accepted and re-
tainly far from the limited vicw- turned with some ol‘ the more ob-
point of those earlier back-bends. vlous faults indicated for iuipi‘ow-

Last year's PRIMER actually made moot,
the first step leading to the pres— monotonous

Consequently, a story with
sentence structure is

cut issue which contains not too not. polished into its best form, At
much of any one writer and a. much the same iiinc, lhc printer is cutting
broader range of subject matter and corners in order to give the student)"

attitude.

Mrs. Skolsky, last year's the best job he can at the cheap—

cditor, very wisely limited the num- est price; this produces many typo-
bcr of selections per writer to three, graphical errors and three poems
and that policy carried on by the crowded into the space grumble rm.
present editor, plus the inclusion of two of ilun. Nevertheless, it 15 the

a greater

poems, has been the major improve- that

number of stories and editor's "(‘Hbonsibiliiy to see, at least,

uniform punctuation in em-

mum of M,._ Nielsen's emu-L, with ploycd tlu'oughout. 'l‘hcsc crippling
the result. that the PRIMER this details should not be lingered over
year is much more representative however, when there are so many
of the student body's creative talent strong points that can lie [yr-"150d,

than ever before.

The men of two Giff Wiii:;iiil"s "paint-job" is by far

155mg (granting that nothing will the most. attractive and cyccaicliing

suppress the spring tonic effort) is CUVUI‘ yet in
material proof that there are plenty Among

bind the magazine.

other things. Mr. Nielsen

of people interested in expressing and staff are lo be congratulated rm-
thcmselves in writing here at State. Shilling gears and paving the way

This representative policy natur~ 101‘ moving into high next year with
ally results in the range of excei- u lllcl'iu'y quarterly,

 
   
 

A

 

 Mm; . .

This Reporter. is given the widest latitude as author
of this column, although his viewpoints do not neces-
sarily reflect those of the Sun COLLIOI News.

In any phase of life, there must be a DOW? 01 cred-
uality. The “State” of affairs has slipped into phan-
tasy. Looking at it objectively, one can Either throw
up his hands in horror or “Descartes-iv" analyze the
situation.

“HERElN LIES . . .”

Let us say that at SCT we have a working popula-
tion of 1000 students. The. validity 0f thlﬂl'I’I‘OdW-
tion can be demonstrated in two spheres of activity:
l-L-Aeademlc Achievement and 2—Extra'Curricuiai-
Aehivement. ‘ '
WANTED: INTROSPECTION .

I fear that academic achievement does not mean
how many A’s per semester or the consistency of
names on an abstract Dean’s List. It is what you get
out of classes. (You will probably even class the last
statement as idealistic, for you've been conditioned
to think that anything that is a bit beyond one’s
grasp must be categorized in that manner.) I’ll wager,
without hesitation, that at least. 60% of our students
are not- sincere in their collegiate travail . . . that
they cram for tests, call those who don’t—stooges,
sleep through classes, consider college a. chore, etc.
“WHEREIN LIES . . . ”

I do not blame the student entirely—but something
is wrong someplace! Where does the fault lie? I sug-
gest:

1—Too much work to be completed in one course.

2-—Teachers who take little interest in their work.

3—Ineffective classroom situation.

4—Lack of immediate value and functionalism—
"textbook theory.”

5—Students who work and are too tired to learn.

6—Lack of student and class response—This, I feel,
is often based on the classic student remarks: "eager
beaver" and “apple-polishcr." The eager-beaver just
MAY be interested and as far as apple-polishing
goes . . .

OOPS! YOUR DEFENSE MECHANISM IS SHOWING

. . it’s a pretty sad case when student-faculty re—
lations are impaired by labelling. A sincere interest
between student and professor lies behind the omin-
ous cloud entitled “Apple-Polishing." Give the pro-
fessor some credit . . . do you really think that he is
unable to detect a phony? These teas may be great
things, but nothing can be more effective than the
spontaneous “give-and-take” of real friendship.
OVER-ACTIVATION

Extra-curricular activities are ..great BUT. at this
writing. there are almost as many clubs and organiza-
tions as there are students. Therefore, it is obvious
that all these activities cannot be carried out efficient-
ly—or else you’ll have a handful running each council.
The “comeback” arguments are' “people must choose
Wisely—a person should have a. wide selection—etc."
But I disqualify these arguments for I agree with
them BUT there should be some way of eliminating
duplication of activity. After this is accomplished. we
must discover a method of publicity for daily and
special events so that you CAN go to what you’re in-
tei'esied in!

CENTRALIZATION?

A possible solution is a CENTRAL PLA ‘
BOARD whose duties would be the following: NNING
l—Schedule Activities—4L student group should take

over what is now done by the administration. Are
we or are we NOT student-governed? Besides, the
students know the relative value of the various
organizations on campus and can schedule them
more satisfactorily.
2-—Supcrvise a compilation of a leaﬂet that would
contain the actual functions of all campus groups.
The handbook is merely ri “glance"—Activltics day
is a hodge-podge. ‘
3—P1acc a blackboard oi' slate in a conspicuous place
lllhbl'lf.‘ college. On this slate will be listed the ac-
tiVities for the day, the time and place of their
(lit-(Egrrcnc‘b—iin Lbig lelicl‘s (spelled B-I-Gll Thus
.* l'(.' a union goes home, 11 ‘2 ." i t -:
WHERE to go IF he wants 50? m Hm M u [31mm
[gilt WHOM 'l‘llE BELL ’l‘OLLS
r owever. if you feel that the creation of a. 3“ —
FRAL PLANNING BOARD would only be llu- slillhll"
{ions addition of another organization give the lasi-
.): ' l ‘ ‘
A» MYSKANl‘Aw-chll. they can drop the official
 oi ihcir llillllt' and call it a Judiciary
l'( voi' if vot We I W -- ..-- v‘
“cm/Hy, wm” ilbgmitj llih gioup has sullh'ieni

B- PRESS BUREAU if you fer-i «as many do! that
they cant even take care of their present acihi
ly l‘cnwdy ihc situation, but surely these are
all the tasks of a piiblicily and public-ruin!ions

group.
\'()X l’Ol'llldS

Your assembly is your incl-1ing-ground. if you wunl
to turn this dream—world of a confused nolliiluiIH‘S-‘i
niio semi-reality. start thinking and TALKING
and drop OPINION, PLEASE a note if you have a
vuul suggestion.

College Calendar - - -

FRIDAY, MAIN?" 5
3:30 PM. lVCii' Bibli- Slntiv Class Room l’iil
0:00 PM. Kappa Della Open House, Kappa Beta
8 w PM Balloon Dance, Lounge,
1. . . Sluic Vs. Nill'lll Adams A '
aA'ruauar. animal a 5' WM'

 

0:30 I".M. Slate vs. Uilca l" H ‘ "
MONDAY, MAlti‘ll ti ' u“, “u” mm
7:.i0 PM. Debate against iti’l, Station WIIAZ.

WEDNESDAY, MARC" 10
1.3 Noon HSCA Chapel, Dr. ('ioewry to speak on “Do-
cisious."

 

 

 

   

 

State To Offer StokesAmozes "Pinafore" Costa
Ten, Fellowships Wlll’l Dancing Fee], Flashing Fist-s-

To College Seniors

Majors In Sociology,
Psychology To Qualify
For Social Work

The New York State Department
of Mental Hygiene is again opening
a. future in psychiatric social work

. to college seniors who will receive

their degrees late in the spring. Re-
peating its offer of last year, the
State Department is providing ten
one-year fellOWShips for psychology
or sociology majors. with prefer-
ence given to students who have
averaged “B” or better in their col-
lege work.

'IWo phases, one of advanced study
and one of practical experience,
comprise this program for social
work aspirants. The state finances
the student at a graduate school of
social Work for the summer term.
Then active work experience is given
through placement on the social
work staff of a. state hospital for
the mentally ill, or a state school
for the mentally defective. There
the student will carry a limited
case load under class supervision,
thus acquiring valuable iii-service
training under well-qualified and
experienced supervisors.

Four hundred and ﬁfty dollars,
out of which tuition is paid, is al-
located for the summer term and
$150 per month is paid during the
year of service in one of the state
institutions. At the end of the year
of placement. the student will qual-
ify for the position of psychiatric
social worker at a salary of $2,450
per year. With this position the de-
partment continues to offer liberal
training leaves with partial pay so
that complete professional train-
ing can be obtained within the ﬁve
years required for a master’s degree
in social work,

Students who are interested are
asked to send applications to Miss
Hester B. Crutchcr, Director of So-
cial Work, Department of Mental
Hygiene, Governor Alfred E, Smith
State Office Building, Albany, New
York.

Purchase Records

For Albany Home

Donations made in last week’s as-
sembly for records for the Albany
Home for Children amounted to
$62.50. while $12.50 was collected at
the girls’ basketball game Tuesday
afternoon when Long Island played
Upstate New York. SMILES also has
made tentative plans to sponsor at
cost a record of the State College
Allllit Mater rendered by choral
groups, possibly the Men’s Chorus
and one of the women’s voice clas-
scs.

Thirty records were purchased
with the funds, these include "Four-
lcaf Clover", “Ballerina”, “Beg Your
Pardon", “Now Is The Hour". “Gold-
cn Earrings”. "How Soon” and oth-
er popular numbers.

SMILES wishes to express a word
of gratitude to the student body. ac-
cording to Charles Miller ’40, Presi-
dent of the organization,

Pi Gamma Mu Plans
Visit To Legislature

Pi Gamma Mu will visit the New
York Slate Legislature Monday
night, March ii, according to an
announcement made by Marvin
Wayne. President.

The members of Pi Gamma Mu
have invited State College students
to go down with them. All those
who plan to uitcnd are requested
to meet at 7:30 P. M. on Monday
evening in tho Capitol and sit to-
[Miller in one section of seats that
will be i'i'st‘rvui.

A discussion of the meeting will
take place in the Boulevard Cafe-
li‘l'lii. if time permits.

a. r. Honikel 3 Son

Pharmacists
Established 1005 Phone 4‘2030
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

 

"A?! COLLIOI KIWI. FRIDAY, MAIOHTII 1940'

By SHIRLEY WILTSE

Darkness, silence. orchestra, lights
. . . Operetta! A week from tonight
the Page Hall curtain will rise on
State’s production of Gilbert and
Sullivan's “HMS. Pinafore", “The
Lass That Loved a. Sailor." For the
Operetta Class, at last, THE night
will have arrived, after all the
weeks of practice, drill, and rehears-
a.

Practices, drills and rehearsals at
which anything could happen, and
did, Were the order. Dr. stokes, who
amazed the Operetta. class with his
dancing feet, is now famous as an
instructor in the sailor’s horn pipe,
even though he says he is not as
spry as he used to be. According to
members of the group. Dr. Stokes is
more limber than the male members
of the cast to whom he taught the
steps.

He has also been called upon to
demonstrate the proper attitude for
prize ﬁghting, and the lost, gentle
art of handkerchief waving. One
complaint that he registered was
that girls these days just don’t seem
to carry handkerchiefs. They didn’t
even have Kleenex to wave.

News Editors
Offer Courses

In Journalism

Classes in journalism, which will
be conducted by the Editor and As-
sociate Editors of the State College
NEWS, will be offered at State af-
ter Easter vacation.

State College is one of the few
colleges which does not offer a
course in newspaper work. The need
for such a course has been felt by
members of the News staff and the
student body for several years. This
will mark the first time such a
course has been offered here.

 

The classes will be attended vol-
untarily, and will not carry credit.
The material presented will be based
upon actual experience on the
NEWS, and will include fundament-
al principles of makeup, headlines,
and copy.

The purpose of the classes is to
offer practical material in newspa-
per work, particularly to Seniors
who may be expected to teach jour-
nalism or manage a paper in the
high school in which they teach.
Classes will probably be held once a
week.

Last Cub Class For Tryouts

The State College NEWS will hold
a cub class Tuesday noon in Room
206 for all those freshmen who are
trying out for the staff. This meet-
ing will 00 one of the last before
Moving-Up Day when freshmen re-
porters will be chosen from the try-
outs.

 

Once, of an afternoon, the bleach-
ers collapsed when sir Joseph (Harry
Mills ’49) was singing, throwing him
into the arms of the sailor crew. At
another time. when two' of the
“leads” were absent from rehearsal,
Chuck Chase, who understudles the
captain, was left with three parts
to sing. He did well, too, until' he
had to sing a duet with himself.

On the day when the broadcast

(Continued on Page .5. Column 1)

Western College
Offers Money,
Graduate Study

The School of Economics 'and
Business of the State College of
Washington is offering Graduate
FelIOWShips for the academic year
1948-49, according to a communique
from Maurice W. Lee, Dean of the
School of Economics. A considerable
number of fellowships will be avail-
able for those interested in con—
tinuing their graduate work in the
ﬁelds embraced by the School of
Economics and Business.

Fellowships for $900 to $1000 are
being offered in Economics, Busi-
ness Admmistration, Accounting and
Geography and are open to qualified
graduate students. They require ap-
proximately half-time service in
teaching or research.

Application blanks may be ob-
tained from the Dean of the Gradu-
ate School and should be ﬁled be-
fore March 15, 1948. Most appoint-
ments will be made as soon after
April 1, 1948, as possible. Applica-
tions received at a later date can
be considered only for poaitions then
available.

Greeks To Sponsor
Weekend Gatherings

This week-end, State will be the
scene of two sorority parties and
one fraternity party. Kappa Beta
is having a Balloon Dance while
Alpha Epsilon Phi and Kappa Delta
are holding a date party and open
house. respectively.

Kappa Both will act as host at a
balloon dance tonight in the Lounge
from 8 to 12 pm, according to an
announcement made by Marvin
Wayne ’49. President. The general
chairman of the dance is Abraham
Trop ’49, and Stanley Abrams ’48.
is in charge of decorations.

Kappa Delta Sorority is holding
an open house for the men of State
from 8 to 12 pm. tonight. Marjorie
Child '50. is chairman of the party.

Alpha Epsilon Phi has scheduled
a date party tomorrow night at the
sorority house after the basketball
game, according to Bernice Shapiro
'48. President. Renee Harris '50, is
chairman of this party.

 

BOOKS

CARDS

STATE COLLEGE CO-OP

STATIONERY

GIFTS

 

 

BOULEVARD

198-1100 CENTRAL AVENUE

 

PHONE 54013

“MEET AND EAT

CAFETERIA

AT THE BOUl."

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

i‘: ~..
l 1

it . 

To the Editor: ,

One can hardly help hdmiring the
courage of the Editor-in-Chief of
this year's Primer as‘ he tosses the
ink pot over his'left shoulder and
coruscates wildly jin . a.‘ One-page pre-
face to the winter issue; ‘As a state-
ment of editorial policy his words
are, of course, meaningless; as a.
dedication they are fulsome; and as
a reflection of critical insight they
are stodgy and affected.

Expresses discontent

There is small lightness in my
mood: I am disheartened and ill-
content with this issue of the liter-
ary digest of this college. Nor am I
even faintly amused at the circu-
lar path so precisely being described
about the Maypole; it grieves me to
descry the lack of awareness and
deering-do of my generation. If we
are to have a. literary digest, then
let this fact be known. Certainly
there is room for more than the 0.
Henry short story, the clever vig-
nette, the plot outline. the soulful
yearnings cascading with sensuous
word nuances, the too-cute doggerel.
Is there a light essay, a serious
commentary on some current of lit-
erary thought, a provocative char-
acter sketch’, a dramatic poem, or
a one-act play in this issue of the
Primer? Is there so much as a sug-
gestion of an original form of ex-
pression in the digest? No publica-.
tion worth its salt will purposely
sit by and cull only what it can
get from contributors. And no iri-
telligent public will subscribe to a
hodgepodge which smacks of self-
pity and editorial bewilderment: the
result being a patchwork quilt which
pleases only those who have sup-
plied tne patches.

Says depreciation not enough

I say it is not enough to depre-
ciate our own values by crying help-
lessly in the wind that we are young,
and ‘tis the folly of youth to flex
its muscles and defy the world. Let
us have the honesty to admit our
vanities and have done with the
posturing. the hopeless preening of
feathers, the foolish gambol which
leads to Nowhere. Let us pause and
inventory our stock. I for one feel

   

Pa at;  *

Bill To rPretece'v-m
Journalist 

- 4 "News Emplo. an: Jailed
_ or Refusal for Betray‘:
scurceOl Information

TWO Newburgh News employees
went to jail last week rather than
betray a conﬁdence. They were held
in contempt of court because they
refused to tell a grand jury where
they obtained "numbers": lottery ‘tlc-
kets reproduced by their paper. A3
a result newspapersthi'oughout the
state took up the challenger-ﬁnd
clamored for legislatio'nto protect
the ethical standards'of newspaper-
men. '

Now before the State Legislature
is a bill, proposed by Senator Des-
mond, that would exempt newspa-
permen from revealing their sources
of information obtained confident-
ially. Consensus of opinion seems
to favor passage of,the bill as, eyi-
denced by a feature article in. last
Wednesday’s edition of the Knicker-
bocker News In that issue five
prominent Albanians expressed their
belief in the principle of the Des-
mond bill while a sixth had reser-
vations relating to irresponsible pre-
sentation of the news.

Dr. Theodore G. Standing, Pro-
fessor of Sociology. State College
for Teachers. was quoted as saying
he was heartily in favor of the gen-
eral objective of the Desmond-Mail-
ler bill and "that "denial Of this
right would tend to discourage the
independent acquisition and dissem-
ination of information so essential
to a free press and an informed
public opinion."

Proponents of the bill contend
that to inssue a free press news-
papermen must. have the right to
present information gained from
confidential sources without betray-
ing that conﬁdence-the same right
now possessed by lawyers, physicians
and ministers. However. confronting
the legislature is the question,
“where to draw the line?" Critics
of the measure believe there is a
wide gap between the doctor-pa-
tient confidence and the newspaper-
public conﬁdence.

Alumni Honor Fourier Dean
The Tri-City Branch of the Alum-

 

that such a strident enterprise as a ni Association will hold its spring
literary digest should have a more meeting May 15 in Blnghamton,
useful end than that of pleasing the New York. The meeting is designed
vanity of those student bluestock- to honor ex-Dean of Women at
lugs who write to please only thcm- State College Anna E. Pierce, guest

 

 

selves. Why, one would do better to
purchase a hundred self—portraits
and pass them out among onc’s
friends simply shouting: “Look, it's
me!"

Arthur Albert Newgarden '51

of honor and principal speaker.
Miss Pierce retired in 1933 and
now resides at Sydduin Hail.
Mary E. Pipkin ’16. Principal of
the central school at Union, New
York, is President of the Branch.

 

[S  Mt,

 

 

Who
another pack of Dentyuer-afler
aweil ahow 7”

 

“Sure, Dentyne Chewing Gum ia keen-inatingl
Sure, it'll help keep your teeth white! So what?
I gonna atop you from getting yourself

\ Dontyno Gum—Mode Only By Adamo

you’ve seen my

 

 

 

