 
 

curl} estates um.

termini-nu; so. less

 

 

 

 

  

3:4 nos menu.

 

 

.95de

 

 

m ' aumtmmwuuuuwm
of this column, although his Wotan do not neces-
sarily reﬂect those: of the» ﬁrm Germs News. ’

One of the weaknesses of our student Constitution
which was brought out very- strongly .in some of the
recent budget discussions is our.1ack of a quorum
rule. Mrs. Walsh called a, special assembly for the
Monday following the' regular scheduled assembly,
in order to expedite passage of the budget. HOWever,
she made the stipulation that 300 members of Student
Association would have to be present before the meet-
ing was called to order. The required number of people
did not show up, but after much’ technical discussion,
fifty people raised their hands, signifying that they
wished a meeting to be held, and it was.

The Constitution provides that the President of
Student Asseciatino may call meetings, “at his dis-
cretion, or at the'written petition of fifty students."
Since Mrs. Walsh did not wish to call the meeting
to order unless 300 students were present, and since
no written petition was submitted, it would seem that
the whole works was slightly illegal.

My purpose in describing this confusion is not to
add even more chaos. It seems quite evident that by
the simple addition of a quorum to the Constitution
or by-laws, we could avoid most of this mix-up. I sug-
gest as a number, 500. Most people will howl that
such a group could never be assembled during a school
week. If the supporters of, or opposition to any legis-
lation can’t prevail upon their friends to attend,
I'll be very surprised. And frankly, if 38% of our
students are not interested or able to discuss any
legislation, it should either be brought up at the
regularly scheduled meetings, or not discussed at all.
How about it, Student Council?

The Freshman Bigw‘l had a lot of good and bad
things about it. I will leave it to the drama. critics
to tell you about that. But one of the nicest features
of the whole show, and one of the most original, was
the music as played by the Fresh orchestra. Under
the leadership of Dick Thorne, who also wrote two
of the numbers for the show, the small combo pro-
vided both fill-in and background music. And while
everybody else was falling all over themselves letting
the other guy take a bow, the orchestra didn't even
get a nod for their fine performance. If it is any
satisfaction to the members of the orchestra, I heard
more favorable comments on their playing than on
any other part of the show.

The new catalogue is out and has caused quite
an uproar among some of the members of the student
body. I have it directly from the front office that
the new requirements which were added in Social
Studies and English are to be deleted. I also tried
to get the scoop on the additional Physics require-
ments, but was unable to get official word. I will
attempt to get the information in time for next
week’s column.

The committee to investigate the financing of the
Fed held its first meeting this week. We are attempt-
ing to get information from other teacher’s colleges
on how much of their budgets they allocate to their
year books, and what kind of books they publish
for the money. If things work out as planned, we
may have an exhibit of year books in order that you
can see how our Ped stacks up against the others.
We are also open for any suggestions on methods
of financing, the type of book you'd like—in fact any-
thing pertinent to the whole matter. You can drop
written suggestions in the News mail box, addressed
to this column. I promise that they will all receive
consideration.

 

STATE CC LLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clan of 1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN

 

Vol. XXXII April 30. 1948 No. 24
Member iii
Associated Collegiate Press Colitszlhiiiullllgesl
'i‘hn midergrmhnite newspaper of the .\'ew York Hittite (for
logo for 'i‘oachors; published every Friday of the college
your by the NEWS Iiourti for the Student Association.
Phones: May, 2-0115; (.‘olemau and ltoehl‘ord, 2111130; Ziunl,
0-9538: (.‘lurk 2-0870. Members of the news staff play he
reached ’i‘ues.. aml Wed. from 7 lo H.110 l’. .\1. ul 3010?.

 

The News Board

ANN MAY . . . .. .
CAROL CLARK . . . .
ELLEN ROCHPORD . . . .
PAULA TICHY . . . . , .
FRANCE! ZINNI . .

lDITOR-lN-CHIIF
MANAGING EDITOR
MANAGING EDITOR
IFOIITI EDITOR
CIRCULATION MANAGER

RITA COLEMAN - - - - - - ADvanTIIING
CHARLOTTE LALLY - - - auemuu MANAGER
ELSIE LANDAU - . - - AIIOCIATI canon
JEAN PULVER - ADIOCIATI EDITOR
JEAN IPENCER - - - "secure canon

 

All communionlions should be addressed to the editor and
mm he signed. Names bill be withheld upon request.
tie ~i'lA’l‘l'l i.‘(il.l.iu‘(il‘l NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed in Its columns or cmumnnieations
.. itil‘lt expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

 

“we 9

 

By PETER rooms

 

Guest Columnist

In my two years and one summer
here at State I have come to know
and wonder about an odd charac-
teristic of seme of us. We have
chosen some particular dream to
follow, some ideal state of the
world to pursue. Yet this dream
is not our own—it has merely been
selected. It is as if we had entered
college, decided, upon completion of
our first year, that the world needed
reforming, looked about, chosen our
social ideal from the curriculum,
and proceeded to follow our savior
and our dream defending, pro-
pounding, proselytizing. In the
c1a55rooms, at the forums, in the
smoke-filled corners, wherever stu-
dents gather to discuss what
wrong with our age, can be heard
dreams clashing with dreams, sav-
lors battling saviors, and the dis-
sonance of credos. True, we vary
in intensity—from mere participa-
tion to the sweaty excitement of
the socialisms. But all have some
reform in mind, some ideal, some
savior. And always we are discuss-
ing social ideals, always the perfec-
tion of a group—perfection of a
majority or a minority, perfection
of America, perfection of Russia,
perfection of United States Steel.
We wish to perfect the world in the
hope that mankind will be good.

But never a word for the indi-
vidual, never a word of his values.
He seems to have been swallowed
up in the group. His values are
important only as they merge with
those of other individuals. The in—
dividual thinks only what his group
thinks.

I am wondering if the situation
here among some of us is not but
a minute mirroring of a world pat-
tern. A pattern of dream-led masses
stirring against each other, shuf-
fling in their restlessness, and flam-
ing into chaos. And all because of
a dream, its followers, and the con-
venient tools. This last is the most
dangerousmwe are too accessible. It
seems we have been bound inex-
tricably and conveniently into
groups by our own inventing minds.
The Industrial Revolution, facilitat—
ing the communication of dreams,
and that purely arbitrary division
of mankind that is nationalism have
bound and scaled us into one of

several little explosive. bundles.
Someone need only strike a match,
and the group minds, group hearts,
and group muscles are ignited, bun-
dle against bundle. The individual
is sacrificed. He becomes the obla-
tion to the mass. If the mass thinks
so and so, he must agree; if the
mass decrees war, he must die.
His brain cells are false, for they
no longer contain his thought. He
has lost his brain to the group.
Here at college we are getting
formally educated. Yet we must
beware our education does not for-
malize us, does not stamp us out
as the product of an assembly line
of courses, the standard version of

13 our particular group. Those of us

who are guilty, and I am afraid I
am one, of subscribing too easily
to some ready-made ideal of world
reform must stop and think a bit
more, be a little less hasty to sur-
render our sovereignty. It would
seem more our job to absorb what
knowledge we can and then do our
own formulating of ideals. We must
begin with the individual. The so-
cialist (and I use the term broadly),
as Thoreau once argued, wishes to
reform the world, and then mankind
will be right, The mystic wishes to
reform himself, and then the world
will be right. The mystic may
sympathize with the socialist and
wish him well, but he seeks first to
perfect himself. The world, I think,
needs more mystics and less so-
cialists. In any case we should leave
college with more freedom than
when we entered, for knowledge
should free, not sacrifice.

6W0“

Friends,

My Mother and I would like to
extend thanks to all those who
were so kind to us in our hour of
deepest grief. Your cards, letters
and tokens of sympathetic under-
standing were most welcome. It
is on occasion such as this that SCT
demonstrates how big and full its
heart really is.

Stan Abrams '48.

 

 

 

Duties OF Officers

Realizing that many members of
Student Association are not fully
acquainted with the duties required
of Student Association officers, the
NEWS is presenting its opinion of
the qualifications necessary for the
fulfillment of these duties.

The President of Student Asso-
ciation should definitely be a per-
son who is interested in the college
and must know student government,
and the members of the Student
Association. He must be intelligent
and efficient, and be able to handle
himself in any situation which mu;
arise.

The Vice-President mus“ be a
person who could assume the duties
of the President if the occasion
presented itself. It is important
that he be a person with some
knowledge of accounting, since he is
responsible for the collection of
freshman dues. 'l‘rcasurer of Stu-
dent. Council, and Student Council
representative to the Student Board
of Finance.

The Secretary also must be a
person who is interested in the col-
lege and its activities. She must

be accurate and neat, with a re-
spectable knowledge of letter writ-
ing, since she must keep all minutes
of the Association and of Student
Council.

The members of the Student
Board of Finance must be students
with a working knowledge of ac—
counting, preferably e commerce
major. He must have time to think
things out, since being a member
of this board requires making im-
portant financial decisions. He
must have a concept of figures and
he must. be, accurate. Members of
the board meet each Tuesday noon
from 12:00 to 12:30 to discuss fi—
nanccs of Student Association, to
make allotments from the surplus,
and to dismiss any difficulties which
may arise in the individual budgets.
These people are responsible for
handling over $10,000 during the
year.

All of these offices require some-
one who wtll not be afraid to spend
work. time or effort on its behalf.
'I'hink these over carefully when you
mark your ballots.

 

Moving-Up Day Procedure

Ii :30 ~
11 Pill
ll :00

I if :00

Lines form in Draper llall.

Program in Page liull.

I'lroccsslonul from Draper to Page.

itcccsslonnl and forming of class numerals on Page field.

ivy Speech, Dorothy Merritt ’«lti.

is:

dent Council, sponsors.

~13.

:lii)

:110t.oi:30~ Pop party and bridge in the Commons. Myskuuia and Stu-

:tifi- Rivalry Skits in Page liail» Ii‘l‘tllill-Htlililﬁ.
'l‘rtuiiiiouoi sing in front of Draper. Awarding of Rivalry Cup.
:00~»l)ancing in the Cmnmons. Student Council, sponsor.

All Students Will Appear Dressed As Follows:

Seniors: Cups and gowns, black slices.

Juniors: (brim—White dresses, spectators, hats, canes, armbauds.
lioystuits, huts, canes, urmbands.

Sophomores: Girls-wliluc sweaters, white shirts, socks.
lieysA-liluc sweaters, trousers.

Freshmen: Gil‘is-W‘Wbite dresses, ribbons in the hair

Boys~Whlie shirts, ribbons

at the neck.

Tragic Ending . . .

“Feur years ago the class of ’48 entered upon

pointed their efforts towards one goalﬁgmduati

day. «a
To all those Seniors who have been ponderin,

over whether or not they should take a chano

and invite that third person to witness their gradu-
ation, put your minds at rest. The administration.

has stated that due to the limited seating space
the number of guests each Senior may invite wil
also be limited. "1'

As to the rumors concerning a change in the plan
of the exercises—they have been quelled. At a rc-
cent Senior meeting, all those present were in from
of holding the exercises in a place which ma].
accommodate more guests. One of the l‘cusrm
against hiring a local hall was that such an arrange
ment would eliminate the traditional academi
processions].
displayed by the Seniors, an alternative was ()ffcre
which suggested an out-door ceremony in from .
Page. In spite of the interest shown by the grddt
ating class, the administration has decided that (11
graduation will be held in Page Hall as usual.

In this some discussion, the idea of music s
also introduced. Each Senior knows the eugenic-
with which his parents are waiting and we \\.‘1.’
to do our best to impress them. Many Silltfcii'
thought that suitable processional music \\nll
add to the color of the affair. The adtninislmlh
has stated that the chorus will provide the one
as usual but that they will not be given seat
they have been in the past.

Visions of commencement day also brim,r up 1‘
question of a speaker. To those Seniors Who me
so interested in the matter, it has been wide
The administration has decided upon the sp. :In'
As to the matter of having the names of the ::2 ul
ales read off as they walk across the slow ll‘
administration has deferred decision. .\I.'ni~ lb]
wish of the graduates will be carried out.

Don’t Gripe . . .

Each year at each election time comes :1 
intelligent voting and each year the need
cry for intelligent voting remains.

Out of the whole of Student Assm'ialioi.
have nominated those people on your ballot
out of those nominees, you will select yom |:. 1‘

Accusations of inefficiency and lli.’|tl(‘tpt.h
officers for their offices and other such gripe
always thicker than a London fog. If your ~51: \
for next year are inefficient or inadequate w-
you, the student body, were inefficient and n i ,I
quote in electing them.

.lmlgc your role (Handing/y!

|n>

llli

Elections 7

A few posters, u spccch in Assembly, and a smil
here and there . . . that has been the extent 1
campaigning for the most important election of II
year. There are lwo possible reasons for H »
neglect. The students and emulidates. tlaoueh l...
of interest have not Vt‘ilflli‘t‘tl to make this neck w»
for open discossion of issues, or I‘Ilectiou (limo
sion rules have mode it impossible to bring into
open, queslious which are necessary for the «f.
Illt'lllliill of basic politics. (‘onld it be lll.lf we b.
lost interest in our sllulcnt govt-rmm-nl.’ I1 is up
in our powers lo correct either of lbw- \IIIIJIIH
\\'e have the mutbiuery to change I'Iletlion the
mission rules and student interest is up to us. .\Ill
we lose our rights before we appreciate them,”

 

College Calendar - - - ,'

 

It‘ltlliAY, APRIL 30
3:30 PM.» Illii‘l‘-Vlll‘b‘ll.y Christian ll‘cllowsbip
liiblc (lluss Speaker, Mrs. (‘ A 'l‘I'uvI
Itooin 150
1i:1i0P.M. Chi Sigma Theta Sorority ()pen lion
HA'i‘llitllAY, MAY 1
1:00 PMn Psi (lulntnu Sororitym 511m Annlvcl‘su
Aluumi liunquct at. Pierce Hall

2:00 PM. Utlcu College Slate baseball game
Iilceckor Htutlium
8:00 PM. lt‘rcslunen Party in Commons

SUNDAY. MAY 2

11:00 A.M.-~l'llllel—SCA Service at the First Presb
terian Church, State Street

MONDAY. MAY 8

12:00 Noon-SMILES Publication Meeting, Room 1

TUESDAY, MAY 4

12:00 Noon Music. Council Recording l'lour. ltoom

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6

4:00 P.M.~~ Sienu-Stutc baseball game at lilecclt
Stadium

But because of the intense inlct'egiithls time to

‘ the

' Stripes" spoke on

Delegates Upheld

£ditorial' Policy

new life, and through the four following year-

-

1A1: Conference

1,.

Sixteen Representatives
Discuss College Papers
At Colgate Meeting

t The Inter-Collegiate Press Con-
ence, which was held at Colgate
University last week-end and at
which Jean Spencer and Rosemary
Stoddard, members of the News
Staff, Were present, stressed the
necessity of editorial freedom and
the importance of the college news-
paper in aiding extra-curricular
activities. Representatives from 16
colleges of New York State met at
discuss the current
problems of college newspapers,
magazines, and yearboks.

At the meetings of the neWSpaper
editorial representatives of the dif--
ferent colleges, much time was de-
voted to the topic of freedom of
press for college papers. Of the col
leges present only 5 were restricr - .
in varying degrees. Hobart, in spite
of relatively strict censorship, re-
lated how its editorial policy had
accomplished the removal of com-
pulsory physical education from
their curriculum.

Colgate Editor Leads Discussion

Colgate’s cditor—in-chief, Tom
Turlcy, led a discussion on the ef-
fect the newepaper has on increas-
ing the number of participants in
extru—ctu‘ricular activities. He ex-
plained a new column which is now
being featured by Colgate's paper to
further this participation. Each
week this column introduces a man
of the week who is active in social
activities on the campus. It was
noted that in the past year there
has been a greater interest in cam—
pus activities.

Several delegates expressed the
need of more and more cooperation
between the college neWspapcr and
the student body. It was generally
recognized that it is essential for
newspaper to remain on the
same level as its readers.
ltooncy Addresses Group

At the banquet held

Saturday

,night at the Colgate Inn, Andrew

Rooney, author of three books and
a former writer for “Stars and
the possibilities
of journalism as a career. Rooney
pointed out [but newspaper work
offered many opportunities for ad-
vancement into several journalistic
lit-ids.

Twenty-One Students
Receive French Credit

Students receiving a passing grade
in the state examination for oral
credit. in French are: Eleanor Byrne,
Vern Clntdiuk, Jenn Connor, Evelyn
(:rnblrec, Mary lu‘. Davis, Guri Dc-
liu1.ni.., Mn",’,nt‘c1 I'Iggtct'l, Annc Gil-
leo, ()hve l..'lleureux, Paul Mea-
dows, Zlnn Sollllc, Evelyn Stephen
and Alice Williams, Seniors; and
\'Vlllltllil .l. liowen, Eleanor Curluccl,
Mnl'gut‘l'l Curtin, Marie Fcrnandcs,
Mary lutnnro, Aline Moscllo, .lcnn
l‘nlver. and Joyce Simon, Juniors.

THE
HAGUE
 STUDIO

At Its Finest"

 

“Portraiture

“

II()I.I.\’\\’()()l) COMICS
ICAS'I‘ TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT

‘ ‘

OPEN 9:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

TELEPHONE 4-001?

811 MADISON AVENUE

 

 

ITA'I'I COLLIOI NIW'.

Three Candidates For Presidency Slate Platforms

 

CATIIRINE DONNELLY

1. More widespread, intelligent
participation in our student govern-
ment. Improved publicity of open
council, board and commission meet-
ings would get the facts to a ma-
jority of students and guarantee
more efficient government. 2. Fac-
ulty realization of our government
problems. We need faculty under-
standing and support of our objec-
tives. 3. Student support of the
Public Relations program. We must
build public understanding of State
in order to gain public support not
only of the administration plans for
expansion but of our student activi-
ties. 4. More active participation
in the intercollegiate organizations
of which our association is a mem-
ber. Our delegates have found that
this association enjoys an enviable
record for the efficiency of its stu-
dent government. We must make
use of that record and advance our
objectives through the more ac-
tive intercollegiate participation of
which we are capable.

JOHN JENNINGS

1. The constitution provides for
a sharing of the executive function
by the president and student coun-
cil. The practice of leaving the
bulk of the responsibility on the
president needs to be discontinued.

2. The question of a quorum for
special assembly meetings needs to
be investigated and adequate pro-
visions madc in the constitution.

3. The subject of keys, and other
financial items that hamper and
confuse budget meetings, should be
discused by the assembly early in
the first semester and not left until
budget time. 4. The rules of Elec-
tion Commission need to be revised,
so that the campaigns for office
may be made more interesting and
challenging. The voting body will
have a better opportunity to evalu-
ate the candidates.

Rienow, Mcllwoine Release Books
On Paleolithic Age, Memphis

By SHIRLEY WILTSE

Memphis, from De Soto to the
present day, influenced by the Civil
War, the River, and King Cotton,
Memphis the “good time town”, has
been caught in a book by Dr. Shields
McIlwaine. “Memphis Down In
Dixie", recently published, tells the
story. Another book, this one by
Mrs. Robert Rienow, has also been
pubiislimi. “Bewitched Caverns" is
an exciting story for boys and girls
between the ages of nine and four-
1ch1, about. some stone age children
lost in a cavern,

“Memphis Down in Dixie", by
Dr. Mellwnlnc, is a regional book,
third in u publishers series titled
"Socicly in America." Dr. Mc-
llwnine‘s iiiterprctntion of regional-
ism is that any town which grows
up in a. certain area develops char-
acteristics different from other
towns, influenced by people, tradi-
tions. and the customs of the sur-
rounding countryslde, as well as
their economic needs.

He has tried to get at. the (nullity
of the town through stories of the
people. lie wanted the book to read
like a. story. with history pulled in,
and wrote it because he felt com-
pelled to find out about the people
and traditions of Memphis. Chur-
uctcrs like “Ginny” Moon, partly a
woman of tradition, and partly a

 

 

woman of modern ideas, helped
Memphis bridge the gap between
the two modes of thought. To illus-
trate what the river meant to Mom-
phls, Dr. McIlwaine tells the story
of Captain Jim Lee, 300 pounds of
talc-telling steamboat man.

Present day Memphis occupies its
share in the book. History, accord-
ing to the author, is not worth any-
thing unless purt of the present can
be understood through the past.

Dr, Mcllwahic. a southcrncr by
birth, graduated from Southwestern
College in Memphis.

'l‘he "Bewitched Caverns" was
written by Mrs. Rienow to enter-
tain a niece who loved mystery
stories. The excited reaction of the
girl induced her to send the first
three chapters to Scribners and
Sons, publishers. She received a let—
ter almost. immediately demanding
the rest of the story so they could
find out what was going to happen.

Mrs. Rienow grtuluutcd from the
University of Minnesota, where she
was always interested in geology
and pnlcontology. She had done a
lot. of writing previously, including
articles for many national magn-
sincs. The Junior Literary Guild
has chosen her book for its June
publication.

U. 8. LIFE AGENT FOR.
Sludeni Medical Expense
Al

80
ALL TYPES OF INSURANCE

LIFE ANNU I’I‘IES
FIRE
BURGLARY AUTOMOBILE

—-—-o--—()-——-———-

AII'I'IIIIII R. KAPIIEII

75 STATE ST.

5-1471

 

 

FRIDAY. APRIL 30. 1‘18

DONALD LANGSLEY

l. A sound financial system for
both the class and Student Associa-
tion organizations. This will facili-
tate collection of government funds.
2. That legislative assemblies be
prepared carefully to be sure that
all sides of every issue are dis-
cussed in assembly by competent
Student Association members. This
is in addition to regular debate and
is for the purpose of preventing any
assembly from becoming an uniti-
formed “free-for—all." 3. Close co-
operation between heads of organi-
ations and student council. 4. That
Student Association shall co-operate
more closely with the administra-
tion on all levels in order to derive
maximum benefit from such a re-
lationship. 5. That student admin-
istration should be extended to pro-
vide for maximum participation of
each individual in his student gov-
ernment.

 

PA“ 1"

Myskeniamsebmits
Approved Lists
For Next Year

Students Will Choose
From Candidates Today

Student Association will vote in
assembly today for next year's Mys-
kania. Candidates from the class
of ’49 on the recommended list
submitted by Myskania include:

Jmm-s ltrophy: C-lass President.
Frosh and Soph; Student Council,
Frosh, Soph, Junior; American Arbi-
tration Association Conference, Frosh;
National Student Association Confer-
ence. .l'unlor; As'semhly Planning Com-
mittee, Junior; Voting Committee,
Hoph and Junior; Chairman of Activi-
ties Day, .iunlor. Scholastic Average,
lsii.

(.‘utllrlnc Donnellyi
Student Association, Soph; Student
(‘onnciL lc‘rosh, Soph, Junior; Chair-
man of State Fair, Junior; l)&A Coun-
cil. Junior; Smart-tam~Treasurea' of
It‘rosh (,‘amp Committee. Junior; Liter-
ary Staff of l’edngoguc, Soph and Jun-
lor; National Student Association,
Sopll; Ii‘ustol‘n Slates Association Con-
ference. Junior: New York State Rep-
l'esclliiiiivc to Board of Control of
Eastern Slates Association, Junior.
Scholastic Average, 1.02.

Catherine Grant: Treasurer of SCA.
Frosh (‘lub Advisor of SCA; D&A
t‘oum'll. Soph and Junior; Co-Chair-
man of' Student Guides. Junior; Junior
Assistant on Fresh Camp Committee,
(.‘luss Publicity Director, Frosh, Soph.
Junior; t‘o-Chairman of Christmas
lilgu‘i, .lunlor. Scholastic Average, 1.79.

John Jennings: (‘hairman of ICC,
.Iunior; l'lxecutlve lloard of ICC, Soph
ami .Iunior; Moving-Up Day Class
Hpculn't', .lunlor; (‘onfcrence of State
Teachers (‘ollegcs ou Inter-Group At!-
11\'Itlcs, .lunlor; lilusiern States Asso-
ciation (‘onl’t-roncc, .iuulor. Scholastic
Art-rage. 2.03.

ltotiert ltltiredue: Vice-President of
Student Association, Junior; President
of Intercollegiate Association of State
'l‘eachers' t‘ollcges. Junior: Student.
l‘ullllt'll, .luulor; (‘Inss Vice-President,
Soph; (‘o-(‘lmlrmau of Student Guides,
Junior; MAA Representative, Soph:
llnnner ltule lievlslon (‘oinmitiec, Sopli.
Helmiastic Average, 2.01.

Jean I'ulvcr: Associate Editor of
State (‘ollege NEWS, Junior; Desk
Editor of State (‘ollegn NEWS, Soph;

(ContbtuadoriPagea, Column 1)

Secretary of

WHERE THERE’S COKE
THERE’S HOSPITALITY

       
 

-,
K
v

t

‘i‘.

V!
VDURIEL'

BOTTIED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY
ALEANY COCO-COLA BOTTLING
© 1948, The Coca-Cola Company

 

