 

STATE course: NEWS. 'FRIDAY'. MAME. {943

 

Religious Clubs, Frimer Boord Hardt To Direct 2
.Announce Lists Selects Wingoie Forum Activities

:OFNew Heads Editor-ln-Cllief For Next Year

. Jo ce Simon, ‘49, will lead the

' N B L G t Gifford wmgate Vim tafke 02:2 actiillties of Inter-Group Council
. Cmc TOP Y, fan I the reigns of the Pi mer or n for next year and Robert Hal‘th ,49’
. year. Other editors include Alvin will take over as Speaker of Forum.

Wayne Presidents Feldman, Literary Editor; Hilda Patricia Devlin is Vicechairman

I , id Rivenburg, Art Editor and Joseph of I G C with Gloria Enea as Sec_

, Marvin Warm. £9, gunﬁre-:1“; Keefe, Business Manager. rem'ry' 'New members who have
over Hillel, '1‘th rig; yand bath- Senior Staff is made up of Ellen been appointed to the Board are
be m charge 949’ “in be'at the hut Fay and Leonard Kobienz, Business; Dorothy Butch, .49' Joyce Dodge
e§mSt$adizh Chrigliian ASSOCiatiOIl Theresa salamomv A”; Perms HOCR' and Frances Konopka. Sophomores.
Ifor the gear 1948-49. Inter-varsity ridge. LiterarY- swam; Goldman and Judith exen-

dler freshmen.

Christian Fellewship has elected Junior staff includes Ruth Fram_ han' .
Ruth Price President, while “gent/Se back, Frances Konopka' Norene “3:315; ycoggggea: [legdsms been
Palmer will be the Reader 0 e Thorson, Harold Tunkel, Business; laced m charge o'f publicity with
Christian Science Organization. Christian Llevestm‘ thp Rose, p . _
Irma Mean '48. President of ,t. Joan French David Mooney Selma Nadel and Chailotttel 
’ followin ’ , ' - .' lan, Sophomores, heading le 1-
Hillel has announced the 9 Louis Ploctor and Marian Zimmel, emture committees. Barbara Coop_

ne: Ethel ‘
“Me to serve under way Litemry' er, ’51, will take care of the fresh-

Rosenberg, '49, Vice-President; Ar- I
we zeuengomi ’49! Secretary; H0" Sophomore Staff is composed of men progiam.

 ilen old. '49, HiStOFlani Julia Hewett, James Juisto, Eleanor Elect Forum Board
Inr‘ramfeGreegnstein. '51: Treasurer. Rochiec, Judith Oxenhandler, Busi- According to the Forum elections
and Gerald Reisner. ’49. Editor of ncss; Stuart Goldman, Paul Kirsch, John Fay, 49, will be Clelk'fm tiie
the Hillel News.-- Robert Roulier, Frederick Truscott, coming year with Seymoui Fersh,
Announce Newmim 0mm“ Art; Carolyn Finch, Frederick ’50, asauming the duties of Treas-
Eleimor HOIBiE.’ '48, ‘Pl‘esment 0‘ Knoerzer, Martha Spencer, Jeanette
Newman, has released the follow- Teal, Literary. ’
in: names as officers of Newman next years Soapbox. d1. t
Club: Alice Reilley, ‘50, will asgultne th’rhgctril‘emesBogédswﬁzvswhlmelegf
‘ . - resident; e H G e .'
galaxy???  ‘51::8531‘)’, and METM   world affairs consists of Leslie Dc
Randall. ’50. the new Treasurer. b Weei-clt, John Fay. Robert French,
> melon Mieras,.. ’48, President of S  S Hardt, Leonard Koblenz, Miss
Slims-has announced that Jeanne Simon, Tucker. JlmlOls, and. Felsh
Boveh, ’50. Will be the new Vice' Pi Gamma Mu, the honorary So- and Miss Mulligan. Sophomores.
Pmldentv Inez Shippenv ’50v Tl'eas‘ ci 1 Studies Societ at State College, , .
we’llcwd AUdl'ey Weller' '51' 860‘ arinounces its newymembcrs. Signum LBUdIS Elects
retary.
IVCF Releases New Staff t Thel four SeiriliorMmejmbcrsClaal:  Mo'e Members
Helen Eaton, ’49, will be the V 08- Made yn Breis , ar ory ' , ' _
President under President Price, ac- Shirley King, and Stella MacLai-en. Sevendnzfrinltlels of Elggrsclggs no:
cording to Evelyn Boetcher, ’8. Ruth The memberstfrom the Junior class }943 an r 1118.011] inf-‘11 ‘ acce ted
Lﬂél‘. '49. is the new Secretary. are Mary Bacher, Jean Bassett, 11100111195 Sen 0‘  flew) 02,“.
LeRoy Dodge, ’50, the Treasurer, Marie Bennett, Stella Bogdanski, into Signum .Lélll 1;, Stlet 13;)“; Gy
RobUf‘t'Teters, ’49, Missionary Sec- Philomena Cerro, Clara Cipriani, 50110111500 50016 3’ 0 2:16 . g .
retar ., and T eresa Salamone, ’49, Dorothy Daly, Patricia Devlin, Joyce The members from .48 include
the. 'ocial Cha man. Dickerson, Cathrine Donnelly, Jua- Stanley Abrams, Marie Bennett,
("Nb . l  nita Evans, Josiele Francillo, Irene Marjorie Harland, Gilbert Holliday,
El."  -.C°mmme'Head Galloway, Betty Hohenstein, Marie Ann May, and Myra Rosenberg.
HelenCalifa’no “191155 been elect- Holz, Jean Ineson, Jo Ann Joslin, Frederick Baron, Dorothy Daly,
ed ‘Pl‘ESldent of Commuter’s Club Robert Kaiser, cLonard Koblcnz, John Fay, Irene Galloway, Persis
for the following year. Harold Tun- Mary Krom. Joyce McCollum, Hals— Hockridgc, Mary Iatauro, Donald
kel ’50 will be Vice-President of the old Mills, Marjorie Munro, Thelma Langsley, Joyce McCollum, Julie
organization. Pangburn, Ann Schalit, Yvette Olson, Ethel Rosenberg, Yvette
The remaining officers include De- Schwedock, Mary Scutt, Margaret Schwedock, Abraham Shercr, Joyce
laphine Verck '51, Secretary, and Seaman, Helen Sins, Millard Smith, Simon are the Junior members of
Sally Tschumi '51, Treasurer. Robert Tucker, Lloyd Wheeler. Signum Laudis,

urer. Molly Mulligan, ’50, and Rob- '
ert Tucker, ’49, are co-Editors of :-

BllllE AND MUSIC
FllR HAPPY MOMENTS

“(lg/york?"

Ask for it ell/lrr way . . . bol/l
trade-molt: mom; l/w .i'lilllt’ tiling.

 

aomso UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY
ALBANY COCA-COLA BOTTLING

(9) I948, The Coca-Cola Company

 

 

{Mae—Great RECORD

OB EBERLY, the romantic ballad singer,
gives some old but good advice to cuddlesome-
twosomes on this click-disc.

And Bob has another good word for
smokers. As Bob sings it, “I’ve tried a lot
of different brands of cigarettes—v—but
Camels suit me best."

Try Camels on your “T-Zone”—T for Taste...
T for Throat. See for yourself why, with Bob Ebel‘ly
and countless other smokers who have tried and
compared, Camels are the
“choice of experience.”

 

‘ m Mcst

ElSilao ever before.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
     

are the choice
of experience
wrth me!

 
 
    

Ii J. iluylmhln l‘olilirl‘o on,
WIllIion~Huluin, N. U.

r",‘

I
i
V,

 

 

 

State College New 

LINES FORM

 

2-444

ALBANY. NEW YORK.

Traditional Ceremonies in Pa

State’s Th

irty - Fifth

Moving - ﬂip

THURSDAY, MAY 6. 1948

 

Model Session

Approves Bills
For Consideration

To Recommend Passage
By Legislature ln Fall

At the model session of the legis-
lature held last week-end three bills
on housing, Juvenile delinquency
and education were passed, while a
bill on state subsidation of all
schools was defeated 39-20 after
much debate. These bills will be re-
commended to Governor Dewey and
to the state legislature when it con-
venes next autumn. Debate Council
from State was represented by Stan-
ley Abrams ‘48; Jo Ann Joslin and
Mary Odak, Juniors; and William
Dumbleton, Robert Freyer and Ar-
thur Root, Sophomores.

Elect Speaker From St. Francis

Registration was held Thursday
night at the DeWitt Clinton Hotel.
Friday morning the Speaker was
elected from St. Francis College,
New York City, and the Secretary
from Champlain College, after which
the delegates adjourned to commit-
tee hearings on bills and to hear ex-
pert testimony on housing, juvenile
delinquency and education.

Fundamental goal of the model
session was to develop techniques
by which a number of individuals
can discuss a common problem and
arrive at a solution reflecting the
best of which that group is capable.
This was carried out when the con-
verltion convened Saturday morning
and the three bills were passed
without too much discussion.
Propose Non-Discrimination

The bill on housing included pro-
visions for housing for migratory
workers, subsidation of private con-
struction of multiple dwellings for
low income groups, no discrimina-
tion ill providing housing, exten-
sion of rent controls, and state on-
courageman of conversion of build-
ings for further housing.

Juvenile delinquency recommen-
dations included conllilililiiy plan-
ning of community centers of l'ccrc-
iition under state siibsidation.
graduate schools ill 3 universities
for [ruining youth counsellors, your-
ly physical cxmniniitions of llll
school children to discover Ll‘llflt‘ll-
cics lllllL would lend to unacceptable
socilll l)(.‘llll\'l0l', restorutlml of de-
iiliqiicnls to homer. and approval of
home conditions of delinquents by
investigators. 11' parents are found
delinquent iilld not liblc to provide
homes for illl‘ children, parents
could l)(‘ charged with a felony,

(Continued on Page 1;, Column .7)

KDR, KB, EEP Elect
Officers For '48-’49

'l‘hc hcw oil'ii-l‘rs of Kappa Delta
ltho. Kllppu iii-ill illld l’olll-l' Club
for llli' your lirlii-‘lil “11':

Kappa l)(‘llll itho: l’l'l‘hlfll‘lll.
,‘lill’ord ’i‘lioi'hc 'llil, Vl('(‘ l’l'i-slduill,
ltolii'l'l illlkl-l' “iii, Pli-dgc Mllhli'l',
.llll'li Mlll‘l‘ln 'lid, iii-cording Horn-—
llll'). David lhll'ki-l- 'lll), 'l‘l'i'llsiii'i-l'.
Alhl-rl Ilollldliy ‘50. Corresponding
Ht‘i'l'i'lill",, l)oll:lld My ’51. Klippll
iicill: i’rl-sldl'lll, Alil'llllillll 'l‘i'op "ill,
Vll'l‘ l’l't‘hlili‘lll. Hl'ymolll' Vt‘l'hll ‘liU,
'l'l‘l'ilhlll'i‘l', ll'\\'lll Wlixlilllli '50, Scu-
i'clul'y. Arnold lill‘t' '50, ltlvpi'cscill.—
alive to liill-l'—l"i'llicrliii.y Council,
'i‘homus Illskl-r and Marvin Wilync,
Juniors. l‘()l.i('l' Club: President,
Michael Cilplililio ’49, Vlco Presi-
dent, Joseph Llivillllo “ill, ’i‘i'lelislll'ci',
Lyle Wlilsll '49, Secretary. James
Jiilsto '51, Representative to filter-
Fl'iitcrllity Council, John King '49.

Ballot-Happy Myskania Closes
Eventful Year Reminiscent, Sod

Tuesday meetings, suppers, the
Orphan’s parties, an assembly skit
—and more important, hours of
hard work in State’s interest—Fri-
day morning a weary, ballot-happy
Myskania will close its year’s work
as the second student-elected Mys-
kania in State's history. (Three
years ago Myskania was democrat-
i:ized from a self-perpetuating body
to one elected by Student- Associa~
tion.)

Their self-cooked meals have been
a continual source of enjoyment and
indigestion to Myskania's mem-

 

Jones, Brenner
To Direct Skits
Tomorrow Night

The Sophomore and freshman
classes will present their Moving-
Up Day skits tomorrow night at
6:15 p. m. in Page Hall. Earle Jones
will direct the Sophomore skit, "He
came, he saw—," and Goldie Bren-
rler will ciirect the freshman skit,
Mincrva's Side Street.”

The Sophomore skit was written
by Earle Jones and Robert Frcyer.
The cast includes Robert Freycr.
Lyle Walsh, Florence Blasko, Paul
King Willialll Lyons, Arnold Rice,
Aim Morgan, Joan French, Lindley
De Garmo, Mary Culandi‘u, William
Dumbleton. Margaret Vonada, Lol‘icc
Schuin, Robert Frasca. Joan Romu-
lus, and Anthony Prochilo.

Chairman of sets and props is
Catherine Noonan, of lights, Edythe
Kelleller. of sound, Heinz Engel.

Tile freshman skit was written by
Goldie Brenner, Barbara Cooper,
Morris Berger, and George Kline.
The cast includes Kenneth Ludlum
and Walter Keller, leads, and Gene
Pctri, Jacquelyn Mann, Alan Pike.
Joan Whitcraft, Martha Downey,
and George Kliilc.

Music is under the direction of
Richard Thornc. Co-chuirmcn of
sets are Plltricill Jill alld Stuart
Gates. Chairman of props is Ele-
llllol' Gessingcr. Co-cllllil'mcn oi‘
lllllk(‘-ll]) urc Susilll Pllnck llll(l Ruth

’47

 

bers. Dean and Acting President
Nelson, and Mrs. Nelson came to
dinner one night, and THAT night
the dinner was good. Shapiro and
Dooley served steak.

One of the first dinners was cook-
ed by Eloise and Stan, and accord-
ing to them it was spaghetti. Rum-
or has it that they had come upon
a new formula for synthetic rub-
bcr, and Scoop is reported to have
discovered a way to make it palat-
able. “Drown in tomato sauce to
kill taste of spaghetti, add cheese
to kill taste of sauce, and then eat
bread to kill the taste of the cheese.”

As to who cooked the best meal,
during the year, that varies with
whichever member of Myskania is
asked about it.

The Christmas Skit, narrated by
Abrams, included Worth the melo-
dramatic actress who didn't have
the rent, Dooley the villian, Baldwin
as Santa Claus, and May the old
mother with "matted" hair.

Tile annual orphan's party at
Christmas included an innovation,
one Mrs. Santa Claus nee Diehl. as
well as traditional Santa (Baldwin)
who, it seems, had a little trouble
with his Santa pants.

Myskania lost 3 to 5 in field
events with the frosh, probably be-
cause they arc intellectual types.

And there was a famous basket-
ball game, in which Twink as fourth
forward ran ill aild out of the game
as she was needed; Shapiro's back
still aches from it, and it took two
to make a basket.

At incclings, Williams was known
as the efficiency expert, and Secl-
bach “distributed funds." Micros,
around two a. lll. (yes Myskania did
work that late sometimesl, could
giggle over Kisiel's jokes.

All in all, for them it has been a
year of fun in the rcmelnbcring, but
hard work with lots of worries ill
the doing, A big hand for Myskania;
tomorrow's crop will have ll tnll
mark to grow up to.

Hold No NEWS Class Friday

Allll Mlly ’48, Editor-in-Chicf of
tile Stich College NEWS, has lili-
nounccd that no journalism class
will be held tomorrow afternoon.
Clusscs will be resumed next week.

. Myskania

 
  

HELEN KISIEL
Grand Marshal

 

Five Sororities

Elect Officers
For Next Year

Hall Toe
Day Weekend

 

VOL. XXXII NO. 25

Initiate

lit-z
'11)

Will Announce
Election Results,

New Myskania
Walsh To Address

State's thirty-fifth annual Mov-

Myskania will be tapped, leaders of
all student organizations for 1948-
'49 will be made known, and the
traditional moving-up ceremonies
will take place with the singing of
“Where Oh Where” and “Arm In
Arm Through Friendly Ways."
Walsh to Open Assembly

After the procoSSion of all classes
from Draper to Page Halls, Alice
Walsh ’48, President of Student As-
sociation, will open the assembly
with a welcoming address. Class
speakers are first on the program;
they are Arliene Riber '48; John
Jennings '49; Herman Blavatnick
'50, and Lois Prescott ’51.

Officers of various campus or- _
ganizations will then be announcedd

   
  

I .1
i:

Morning Assemblage lslc

lug-Up Day exercises will [be heldzg:
in Page Hall auditorium tomorrowes
morning at 9 a. m. New members of”:

n-
.o_
if-

ill
a-
ta
9

es

es
ts

.n

e

members of the faculty Dr.,

Ellen C. Stokes. Dean of Women.
wul announce the new members of
Rtsldence Jouncil, Inter-Sorority
Council and the Junior guides. In-
ter-Fraternity-Inter-Sorority Coun-
cil will be announced by Stanley

Five sororities elected officers for Abrams '43; Hillel by Irma Rose“.

next year during the past week.
Helen Cook '49, new President of
Beta Zeta, will preside as President
of Inter-Sorority Council next year.
The oﬁicers of Kappa Delta so-
rority are: Suzanne Anderson ’49.
President; Leslie Weber '49, Vice
President; Barbara Smith '50,
Treasurer; Mary Lucas ’50, Record-
ing Secretary; Enrllne Thompson
‘50, Corresponding Secretary; Carol
Scutt ’49, Critic; Fay Richards and
Willa Hellwig, freshmen, Marshals;
and Jeanne Moshicr ’49, House
President. '
Officers for Chi Sigma Theta
lire: Jean Tower '49, President; Ag-
ncs McIntyre '49, Vice President;
Alice Reillcy '50, Treasurer; Mary
/. ‘onunued on Page 2,, Column 2/

O O

9

’48; Newman Club by Eleanor Hol-
big '48. and Student Christian As-
sociation by Marion Mieras ’48.
Following the Senior farewell
song, "We ’48 Salute You," the ac-
tual moving-up ceremonies will take
place. This year’s Myskania will
then tap the members who compose
the 1948-'49 group.
Bulger to Announce NEWS Staff
Paul C. Bulger, Co-ordinator of
Field Services and Public Relations,
will announce the NEWS Board for
the coming year. Members of De-
bate Council will be announced by
Rita Shapiro '48, now President of
the Council; Beverly Bistoff '48.
Director of Press Bureau, will make
known its officers; the Editor 0!
Primer for next year will be named
by C. Rogers Nielsen, Editor-in-
Chlcf; Gloria Gilbert '48, will name
the head of Pedagogue: WAA lead-
ers will be announced by Wilma
Dichl ‘48; MAA officers will be
named by John Dooley ’48; Chair-
man of Inter-Group Council will
be named by John Jennings ’48;
and Dorothy Difrln '48 will announce
Drillmltic and Arts Council mem-
bers. Dr. Charles F. Stokes, Pro-
fessor of Music, will name mem-
bci's of Music Council for next year.

(Continued on Page 1;, Column ll

Seniors To Sponsor
Moving-Up Day Dance

The Senior Class will sponsor an

llll‘ol'llllll dullrc Saturday night in
Pllgv l-liill gym, from I) p. in. until
i ii. iii. according lo Francis Mul-
llll, President. Admission will be
$1.50 ])(‘1’ couple.
' li‘i'iink D'Alnlco and his orchestra,
from Troy, will play for the dance.
The dcroi'iltions will reflect the
moving-lip (lily thelllc, and refresh—
lllvnls will be served.

Dorothy Dillill Merritt and Isa-

bt'lll! Cooper are (SO-Cllilll'lliell of the
affair. Chairman of music is Evelyn
Jlilliison.
.‘ All explanation 'of the term “in-‘
formal" has been preferred by the
dance committee, “While the dance
will be ll 'drcss-up affair; formal
clothes will not be worn."

i
l
i
l

i
l

 
        
     
       
         
     
          

       
             
        
    
  
  
 
   

