   
 
   
  

  To ’Cller
savings Bonds
To, Best Oretors

"Lite 0t Ben Franklin”
Will Furnish Theme

Prizes of more than one thousand
dollars will be awarded to the win-
ners of the sixth annual Hearst
Newspapers National Oratorical
Contest for High School and Col-
lege Students. The contest began
February 8 in Albany and twelve
other principal cities throughout
the country. Benjamin Franklin’s
Life will be the topic of the orations.

A grand national prize of one
thousand dollars in United States.
Savings Bonds, plus an expense paid
trip of historic interest, will be
awarded the winner of the National
finals in each division, College and
High School. Prizes, also in U. S.
Savings Bonds, of one hundred fif-
ty dollars for first prize, one hun-
dred dollars for second prize, and
ﬁfty dollars for third prize will be
awarded by the Albany Times
Union.

According to a communication
from Jo Leonard, Oratorical Con-
test Editor, student candidates will
write original orations on the life
of Benjamin Franklin and his serv-
ices to his country. They may, if
they wish, concentrate on one par-
ticular phase of his life and achieve-
ments instead of covering the whole
ground. The orations must be de-
livered without notes and must not
evceed six minutes.

Each school and college compet-
ing in the contest may enter one
candidate, and each will conduct its
owu competition to select its e di-
date. Interschool and intercol ege
events will then be held to select
winners who will take part in the
Zone competition Thursday, May 6.

Champions of the Eastern. Mid-
dle western and Pacific Zones will
compete for the national champion-
ship in the Grand National Finals
at Chicago. May 14th.

Art Department To Sponsor
Eastern Exhibit Next Week

Miss Ruth E. Hutchins, Assistant
Professor of Fine Arts, has an-
nounced that the Art Department
will sponsor an exhibit of reproduc-
tions of rugs and ceramics of the
Near East, next week. Monday
through Friday, February 16-20 on
the second floor of Draper Hall.

This exhibit supplements the cur-
rent showing of original productions
of the Near East at the Albany
Institute of History and Art.

  

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY, FEB. 13. i948

 

 

4mm“; 4mm

Dr. Milton G. Nelson, Dean and

 

Former Student
Writes Article

Sunna Cooper, a graduate of State

Acting President of the College, has Teacher’s College in 1945, is the

been named to the National Com-
mittee sponsoring Brotherhood
Week in the American institutions

of higher education. Brotherhood
Week starts on February 14 and
is sponsored by the National Confer-
ence of Christians and Jews.

Paul G. Bulger, Co-ordinator of
Field Services, has been appointed
a member of the New York State
Teachers’ Association, Eastern Zone
Committee on Teacher Education,
Certification and Improvement-in-
Service. The appointment was made
,by the president of the Eastern
'zone, Claude Van 'Wle, Superinten-
dent of schools at Saratoga Springs.

Dr. Robert S. Fisk, Principal of
Milne School, Dr. Carleton A. Moose,
Assistant Professor and Supervisor
in Science, and Dr. Edward L. 000-
per, Assistant Professor of Com-
merce, will travel to Atlantic City
next week-end to attend a meeting
of the American Association of
School Administrators.

Dr. Matie E. Greene, Assistant
Professor of Hygiene, attended a
meeting of college physicians last
week. The meeting was held in the
Hotel Commodore in New York.

Also last week Dr. Robert Rienow,
Assistant Professor of Political
Science and Dr. Josiah Phinney,
Professor of Economics attended a
curriculum conference held at the
Time-Life building in New York
City. Two delegates from the
social studies department were sent
from each State Teachers’ College.

Dr. Robret S. Fisk, Principal of
Milne school, spoke last night against
universal military training at a de-
bate sponsored by the Columbia
Council, East Greenbush, held in
the Clinton Heights Congregational
Church.

State To Give Exams
For Language Students

Dr. James Wesley Childers. as-
sistant Professor of Spanish. has
announced that the oral credit ex-
aminations in the modern languages.
French, Spanish, German. and Ital-
ian, will be held today at 1 p. m. in
Room 20, Richardson Hall.

All students, who wish to get a
permanent teaching certificate in
modern foreign languages. must take
this examination. This examina-
tion. which is given twice each year
in February and August. is a New
York State examination. State Col-
lege is one of the several centers
in the State whcrc the examination
is given.

 

 

75 STATE

 

U. S. LIFE AGENT FOR

Student Medical Expense

Also
ALL TYPES OF INSURANCE
LIFE ANNUITIES
FIRE
BURGLARY AUTOMOBILE
.—._.o___

ARTHUR ll. KAPNER

ST. 5-1471

 

 

Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON

DIAL 4-1125

 

 

   
   

I
ﬂat] W/‘Ie're the F/owe'rs 670W

   

/

“Buy Where the Flowers (ii-ow"
FLORIST & (lliliJJGNlIOUSI'l

“Static” llcprcscniiilchs
JACK lll'lOl’llY
UIGORGI'} l’()Ul.OS
WALT Sf‘lllth

COLLEGE FLORIST FOli YEARS

Special Attention to Sororities and Fraternities—m

author of an article in the January

issue of "Calling All Girls.” Miss

Cooper was a member of the NEWS
Board when she was at State.

The article, titled "How to Make

 
 
 
  
     
       
           
    
   

 

 

ii College Entrance", advises high
school graduates in 1948 or 1949
to choose their colleges and make
their applications for entrance
early. A full page facsimile of a
State College application blank is
included in the article. Snapshots
of Page Hall. and freshmen on the
steps of Draper Hall, are used in the
first page as background pictures.

m

W I smoke

“ When I bring my tobacco to

they 'll pay the top dollar for it.

years. I like their taste and
tobacco that’s in them. "

- 'h'l:
YES°CHESIERIIELDS SMOKEISOWI
‘ ‘N

how good they are

(FROM A SERIES OF SIAYEMENIS IV NOMINENY IOIACCO FARMERS)

looking for the Liggett & Myers buyers because I
know when I’ve got real good mild, ripe sweet tobacco

"I've been smoking Chesterfields for about 25

Music Council .,
Elects Secretary

Ruth Wales ’50, has-recently been

elected secretary of Music Council.

according to an announcement made

by Cecila Coleman ’48, President, to-

replace Mary Marscher ’49. Jean
McNeal ’50 has been made a new
member of the Council.

"The more I smoke
Chestertields the

are I appreciate
II

at Gain

STARRING IN

"NORTHWEST STAMPEDE”
AN EAGLE—LION PRODUCTION

Chesterfield

market I ’In always

I know the kind of

dW

IOBACCO FARMER
GREENVILlE. N. C.

. .v‘

so MIlD our SAIlSFYR‘M,’
so mun IHEY'll sins”

~i_\i.wmrs M ll.l)lili lb irrriin

aHESTERFIELD

'i'As'ruvu L‘oown smoumo

( “Hindu l‘)-lli, Liooiii is Mvins 'l'oii/u'iu (in.

   
  
   
 
 

   

 
  
 

 

State College News

    
  

IMPORTANT"
assammr
TODAY

 

2.444

ALBANY, NEW YORK.

FRIDAY. FEB. 20. 1948

VOL. xxxii NO._ is

 

Donnelly, Lansl<y Burton Clarifies
Will Speak At Education Data

N.Y. Conference On StateSchools
Mr. John Burton, Budget Director

Student Council Hears
for the State of New York and a

Wll’ Memorial Report member of the Temporary Commis-

-- sion on the Need for a State Uni-
Leuer From N'lmegen versity, in a special interview Tues-
attend the day, expressed his belief that Al-

'2 ’ll
Deleg ltes Who WI bany would be a logical place for

Eastern States Conference were ap- , . .
panned at a meeting of Student the development of a giaduate pm.
Council, Wednesday evening in the glam “1 eflllpatiOII. as advocated in
Lounge. Members of the Council the commissmns report. While Mr.
heard the preliminary report of the 13111101}. coma say ,hme about the
Wm. Memorial Committee and a possibility ofs'tates eventually be-
letter from a resident of Nijmegen coming a training ground for tech—
was mad. Alice Williams, .48, Px.es_ meal instructors, he did help in
Idem of the Intercollegiate ASSO_ clarifying the question of salaries
ammo“ of State Teachers Colleges. that instructors in technical and
also gave her report on the April two year colleges Will receive. When
conference- asked what a probable scale would
Delegates to the Eastern states be in view of the dissatisfaction
Conference between students and Wu“ Present 509°11C1a_1'y 5011001
faculty Wm be Alice Prindle Walsh, scales, he answered that in all prob—
.48 and Catherine Don,an John ability, it wouldapproximate that
Jeﬁmngs, and Donald Minsky, Jun_ of instructors 'lll the technical
iors. Miss Donnelly will address a 50110015 “ll'endl’ 1“ CXXSLCHCK
meeting of the conference on “80- According to Mr. Burton, the
aim Freedom," while Mr, Lnnsky legislature will undoubtedly pass
will speak on "Student—Faculty Re- the proposal in substance, since ina-
latlons“ The conference win he jority and minority leaders were ac-
held March 18, 19, and 20, at; the iivo on the commission. signing the
Commodore Hotel in New York final rccmnmcndailons.
City. In clarifying the position that the
A preliminary report, of the War suggested Board of Trustees would
Memorial Committee was given by hold regarding State. MI'. Burton
Geraldine Coopermnn ’50. Members said that they would be subordinate
of the committee, formed to make to the Board of Regents, but over
plans for a permanent war mem- the Board of Trustees. The Board
orial to those from State College of Trustees, he stated, would prob-
who took part; in the Second World ably occupy a position similar to
War, are Dr. Charles F, Stokes that of trustccs for a private college,
Professor of Music, Dr. Caroline for State.
Lester, Instructor in Mathematics, 1“ reply to a question concerning
Geraldine coopermhn '50: “ml H91“ the commission‘s stand against dis-
mUth SChUllZB '51- criminaiion in professional schools
A I‘ODOI'C 0“ the All?“ conference mid whcihcr or not it had any lin-
of the Intercollegiate Association of ppmuong for sum. Tmchcl-SS 001.
State TeaChCI'S COHCQCS. L0 be 11(thI lcgcs, he replied that if, was directed
Lhis yem‘ he“? in Albmly. was given primarily against medical colleges.
by Miss Williams as President of
the Association.
A letter from Nijinegen. addressed
only to New York State College for .
Teachers, was read at the meeting.  
The letter is from u Nijmegen resi-
dent, grateful to Albany and State . C
College for the aid extended through  
the Nljmegcn drives in the clity {11nd
the college, and through 11(01) on . C
of Nljmcgcu by Albuny. A trans—   
lution of the letter follows: Dear
51”: 1 Wm” VOW mum m “We.” Pi'lmcr will sponor a contest for
a few words of thunks for the gifts H“, Spring. Edmun cover. mwmmng.
WHO“ I received from Album" W0 o liogcr Niclscn "iii, Editor, with n
were helped Very “mm by “"3 31”“ prixc of lift) to bc uwurdcd lo the
“'““'y “'0’.” 5" bum-V "C"‘l"“l"'bc' winncr. 'l‘hc dcmllinc for all cuirics
cuusc wc lost everything during the i5 Mun,“ ,0?
war and had to begin ull ovci' ngulu. .Hw “11m l-m. “w contest m.“ “5
Once more, my dccpcst ihunks. Mwa
with gmwml greetings" . . 1. All cutrics arc to bc on whiic
The signature wus tliui. of u My 0,. “Huron pupcr
mega“ mun' “J. 'l‘\\‘o or llircc colors should be

(Continued on Page 4, Column 5)

 

War Whoops, Mop Pails,

Draped Sheets Fatigue Pledges

Going — going —— almost. but
not quite gone is The Week!
You had your chance for this
year, people; who knows when,
if ever again, such opportunies
will thrust themselves over your
thresholds.

Just think, men, you could
have a date for a dance in the
Commons just by sitting within
reach of those oh-so-eager(?)
frosh. Or maybe you could do
with a substitute for a cleaning
woman —— pails ’n everything.
And sheets yetl (missing after
Monday due to decision, after
contemplative consideration.
that they were “disturbing” to
classroom procedure).

Rumor has it that several re-
percussions have occurred due
to the reaction of interested
parties in a rather violent man-
ner—or aren‘t you a member of
SAP?

But as all good things must
come to an end, Monday we
shall resume our usual appear—
ance as just normally unbal-
anced State College students.

"SLS Initiation Monday

To Climax Frat Pledging

 

State To Otter

Lovenheim Prize
In Yearly Contest

The annual Leah Lovenheim
English Composition,

prizes in

Annual Banquet

KDR lnitiates To Give

Party Tomorrow Night
For Active Members

Formal initiation of Sigma Lamb-

amounting to $25, will be offered da Sigma pledges Monday night
again this year, according to Dr‘ will climax the fraternity initiations

Shields McIlwaine, Professor in Eng-

lish.

at State College. Potter Club and
Kappa Delta Rho concluded their
initiations last Monday and Tues-

All undergraduate students are (lily, I‘GSDCCUVCIY. and Kappa Beta
eligible to compete. Every student formally accepted their new mem-

may submit one paper in each of
the two divisions of the contest. A

bers last month.

SLS will begin its final phase of

prize of $1250 will be offered for initiation tonight in the Commons

when the pledgecs, under the Gen-

the 1395” Poem. and a 51mm” Prize eral Chairmanship of Gerald Grif-
for the best short story. The dead- flu '50. will entertain the members

 

Students To Vote

On Resolutions,
Finance Motion

Assembly this morning will ln- type them. using double space. The
imuiuscript should be signed with a
pseudonym. A slip of paper placed
in a sealed envelope mid containing
the pseudonym used, the author's

cludc discussion mid voting on the
Voting Committee report, consider-
ation of a financial motion, elec~
Lion of Secretary of Student Asso-
ciation, mid u movie presented by
Student Council.

First on the program will be dis—
cussion of an amendment to the
proposals presented by Voting Coni-
miiicc lust week. Discussion and
voting on the amendments to the
voting rules suggested by the com-
mittee will follow.

A financial motion concerning ap-
propriations from the surplus of
Siudcnt Association to the line bud-
get of the Stale College NEWS will
bc entertained as the third order
of business. Ami May '48, Editor~
iii—Chief of the NEWS. introduced
the motion in lust week's nsscmbly.

Sccrciury of Student Association
will also bc clcctcil lodny. Candi-
iluics for the office are Mario Dc
Curio. Ann Morgun. und Rhoda Rib-
cr, Sophomorcs.

A movlc. iiilod “Your New York

Sinic," will bc pi'cscnicd by meni—

lJ.‘l's of Sluiicni Council.

gmﬂget Notice

lilulgcis l'or llic ycnr 1947-48 of

. . llri'il,
  FUI'I'HSl'l :l.'l‘hc llilc l'rimcr.Spi-lng Edition lhc various organizations must he

should

:ippcur on ilic cover in liic oli'lcc of Dr. .losluh "I‘. I’hlh-

Referencc Materials Any iiicllil)cl' of ihc studcui body ncy. l’roi‘cssor oi Social Sludlcs, on

may culcl' ihc conicsi. (

Itci'crcncu muici'lul including up- A“ “WWW rm “w Smng mm 1

1r bcl'oi'c March 5 uccoi'dlng to un
mnounccmcnl mode by Nancy

1"”lelmmlmlllts um]"melmmn- litm should bc in by Mnrcli ll). Walsh '48. L‘imirmun of the Stu—

ccrnlug the Purout-'l‘cuchcr Associ-
uilon has bccu placed in the State
Collcgc Librury by The New York
State Congress of Parents and
’l‘cuchci's, lm'. 'l‘lic inutci'lul Is no
reference for the contestants in ihc
iii-ill lilssuy Conicst for Seniors

li‘rc:lmn-n ui‘c cspcclully urucd to (
co' ll'lllllli‘. i

liurmx; lllc following wcck. tho i
lirsi l‘lllllilil ol' l’rimcr will bc dis- 1
iribuicd in lhc (luminous. l

“";’.‘,¥,‘L,fif§".‘.ibi1§.i‘i}.h“i‘iliilliii'i... ..r- Pitch Pennies, Buy Beauties, Find Fun At Sensational State Fair

oll'ci'cd to the winners of lllc con-- ‘
icsl. 'l‘lu- topic of tlic canny lh‘ 10 (‘omc onc. conic ulll Visit ihc I.
be "'l‘lic l’urcpt-’l‘cuchcr Association “why .n-l-mlo , , .
—--»li‘s Origin and l.)chlopiilent." vim...” Vuohhm _ . . limi. yoin'l
li‘or ilcliulcd directions sec the bill~ hircmiih lii‘l'l‘ . . visll the lim 1
lcllu boards or lust. wcck's NEWS, pom... buy u bcuiuy oi the sluvc '
or contact. llr. Juthcrlnu W. l’clix. mun,“
Assistant Professor of
Richardson 32.

Cell Fresh Try-Out Meeting

(hicc ugoin \\'c lli‘lll‘ llli‘ funilllui' H
crics oi lln' burkcrs ui'umh‘ us to i”
i'llli'l' illlil llilll ihc fun. Aimui Wi' urc i‘

lclil Board of li‘limncc. 'l‘hls curly
iulc liu.» bccn sci hi oi‘dci' ihul. tho
nulgci licorings muy bc scheduled
n'loi'c Ilic issue comcs before the
lhhi‘lllllly.

m'c llli‘ ncwcst look in Fashions.

“11W 1” ill" “PM 'l‘lu-n \vc‘ll bc lulkcd into buying u

ii'lii‘l liil' Ncwmun's Fun House.
usi nboul (his time We‘ll get hungry

. lullc n cord and play and slul‘l. hunting for u pluco to
lilugllr-h. lungo cut llcrc we have n cholcc lo uuikc.

o \vc'il probably visit oil the food
ouccssiuns. li‘lrst, we'll cut lc
rcum with llolu chu and then go

.-
at

Ann MW '4”: l’l‘lll"“"l""ml” “1 mmlulm m,” u [5 mm» How of. to the (luminous uud spend sonic

the S'FA'I‘E (}(')l.lil'l(ll‘l Nl'lWh‘, lulu

.| ,, I),
announced that lhcrc will bc an im- Will“ 1" l -‘ Ml“ “ Ml“ ‘h'm'm‘ U“

lmc In Kuppu l.)cllu's Oufo. While

Hum. d,...,,,-,,l..d mph- mhi sou whut We're in the ’xumnons We'll pitch

portniit meeting of oil freshmen my I  V _ ~ 
. . i . .- i - s jcui s lllll has to oliii. ,
“y—muhtll):-mllhlliiliiiiil’hlii Tlllll‘k‘ii‘gwllltll Wc'll slau'l off by taking In the llhll’ Willi“ WWI “19 Bin Marys All-
MW :10 )whdmgdu “713m The Kuppn l)t|llll llho Minsircl Show in 301s. lln‘ow sponges with blgmu
“W  I"! k" 1"“. mxt‘ Tue» pm“. In 7.30. pm,“ “w”, wp'u go I.umbdu Sigma, and. drop In 101‘ a
"lemma w“ 'u u I)“ y I in Ilucstod dance at Phi Dolts 'l‘uxi Dance

. . .. , i i) liiu cufclci'lu '
alélyllggulwom 306' 1mm” “H”. m lliiil-liu Alpha Epsilon Phi will foa- Sliiud. At this 110mb 0110 01 W-AvA~'B

pcunics ut Plcrco's Penny Arcade.

line for handing in material is April “1' tulle atmosphere or the “Roaring
9. Dr. McIlwalnc will judge the short 205 —the theme or the Dam“ To“

morrow SLS will hold its informal

Stone“ entered, and D15 Vm'lel’ H- initiation at 3 p. in. Merton Thay-

Lang. Instructor in English, will or and Harold Mills, Juniors, will
judge the poems entered. There are be in Charge or the Ceremonies

no restrictions regarding form or

length.

which include the traditional march
and rites of SLS. Formal initiation
of pledgees will be held on Monday.

Students entering papers must February 23. at 7130 13- m- in the

name, and the title of the manu-

script must be clipped to the manu-

script.
Pupcrs can be left at Dr. McIl—
Wuiiie's office, Richardson 3.

Spanish Group
To Hear Childers

At Russell Sage

Dr. Wesley Clilldcrs. Professor of
Spanish. will address the rcglonnl
mccilng for all high school and col—
lcgc Spunlsli teachers of the Upper
Hudson urea. in be held on Feb-'
rum-y 28, 1948. at the Casa Espan-
olu, Russell Sage College in Troy,
N. Y. Roberta Vun Aukcn, who grud-
uuicd from State lost your, will also
spcuk on “A Quaker Development
in n Mcxlcnn Villugo.” Mr. By
E. Moslicr, Slnlc Supervisor of Mod-
crn Lnuguugcs. will be gucst speak-
or.

Dr. Childcrs‘ subject will include
lllc "Annual Meeting of A.A.’I‘.S.P."
and "College Year in Mexico". A
lunclicon will follow, after which
Dr. Josc Amory anqucx. u visit~
lug Iilcinbcr of the Spanish faculty
of Russell Sage College, will spunk
on “Sonic Aspccis of Spanish Amer-
ican thcruturc".

agents will iuik us into tuklug a
lost to show our athletic ability.
While \vc‘rc in lchi' Draper wo'll
no right ovcr and pluy u hunch iii.
ihc (lid Slgmu 'l‘liciu slund. Who is
Miss Shuslit‘ii‘) And \vo can't sit
down and relax yet because some-
ouc just sold that the Cannon Kap-
pu l’hl Slnvc Murkol was out of
this world. We’ll go over to the
Annex mid sco who‘s for sale. It's
just uboul. time for the finale now,
so wo‘ll uo buck lo the Commons
and watch the Snylcs llull show.

This is only u pi‘ovlow . . . break
all your bonny banks and come to
the best full‘ that over was . . . State
Fair. Next Saturday night.

Lounge.

Potter Club Holds Banquet

Potter Club held its annual ban-
quet and formal initiation last
Monday evening at the Starlight
Room at Herberts. The banquet, an
annual gathering of faculty, grads
and alumni of Potter Club as well
as a function of the active members,
was followed by the formal initia-
tion ceremonies. Toastmaster for
the occasion, Francis Mullen ’48,
introduced Potter Club's Guest of
Honor, Dr. Robert Frederick, Dir-
ector of Training, whose address
was entitled “The Fear of Life."
Entertainment was provided by
plcdgc members prior to the formal
initiation ceremony.

Initiate Knit Pledges

Formal initiation of KDR pledges
took place here at State College last
'l‘ucsiluy. The annual purty given
by the lm'Llun-s will be held to-
morrow night in the Lounge be-
twccn the hours of 10 and 12:30.
The new mcmbcrs, under the chair-
manship of Robert Van Dam '50.
will prcscm. n progi'nm of dining,
dancing and cutcriulmncnt for all
active mcmbcrs 01' [(DR and their
gucsls.
‘ llUlll'b. will be cxlcnded to l p. ill.
for frcsluncn wmiicn attending the
affair.

State Library Receives

New Camera Projector

Miss Mary E. Cobb, College Ll-
briu'lun. has unuounccd the arrival
oi n ucw ltccordnk Film Render
machine. This imu'hinc. which is
similar to u movie cuulcl‘u projector,

‘ will cnublu advanced students in

Libi‘ul‘y work to scc photographic
coplcs of iuillous llicruiure which Is
not. available iii the limo.

’l‘hc projccior, which cost approx-
linulcly $500.00, will screen either
10 or so millimeter film. This model
is cupublc of cnlurglug‘ the pictures
io \‘ui'lous ilcgrccs and is found in
sou-nil 1.1bcrul Arts colleges in the
country.

As the machine is lustullcd in the
smull coufcrcncc room, this room
will not be available for student use.

Dean Requests Events Listed

According lo an announcement by
ltilcn 0. Stokes, Donn of Women.
oil events in which our students
take part us a group should be re-
corded on the Social Activities Cal-

endur in the Office of the Dean of

Women.

    

Potter Club Holds

...1.4‘,.‘.~‘.ﬁs..':ﬂkLDZAr-Hr-Hktwwgm wa.,,wm~m——qgggwﬂm mmw,_..,,.... . :_

    
           
     
     
     
         
         

      
  
   

 
 
      
 
    

   
   
   
     
   
     
    
   
     
    
    
  
  

      
 
    

   
    
         
   
   
    
    
    
   
       
        
 
       
   
    
        
   
     
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
      
   
   
    
   
  
    
 
  
   
    
  
      
  
  
  
  
  

    

