      
    
             

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

E

i
;

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

Dead ? ? ?

From the tremendous number of persons eligible
to participate in‘ the college cafeteria program,
which had been planned so carefully by the ad-
ministration, exactly 88 persons turned in con-
tracts for the ﬁrst semester.

One might say that this is a perfect example of
the contradictory nature of so many State College
students. Throughout the school last year and even
in the two weeks of this year’s session, complaints
have been heard about the lack of housing and eat-
ing facilities. In spite of the opinions of some peo-
ple, there are many things that the administration
does do for the beneﬁt of the students.

Instead of the cafeteria running on the conces-
sion basis, as in previous years, the administration
with the help of a student-faculty committee was
to supervise the operation of the cafeteria. At any
time, their books would have been open for in—
spection by the members of SA. Chefs had been
hired and everything was set to go. Through State
contract, meat would have been obtained at the
price of 10 cents a pound. Other agreements and
arrangements similar to this had been made so that
the cafeteria could really be. run as inexpensively
as possible while still offering the students a well~
balanced nutritious meal. Expansion was in the
mind of the administrators and through this ex-
pansion, students would have been able to stop in
the cafeteria at any time during the day.

According to an announcement from the Doctor’s
office, much of the illness at State College last year
supposedly came from the unbalanced meals that
the students were consuming_just one more reason
why we should take advantage of an opportunity
for our benefit.

The situation lies dead at present. Until 150
students present to the administrator’s desk a peti-
tion asking for the reconsideration of instituting
the program, it is completely forgotten. Without
the support of 150 persons the program cannot pos-
sibly function even at a non—profit basis. Those of
you who do not receive regular meals at your col-
lege residence—~are you going to let it lie dead?

Encore . . .

Sorority rushing has begun on a mad scale. From
the enrollment of 250 freshman girls, and with only
105 openings in the seven sororities on campus,
there will undoubtedly be many disappointments
among the women of the Class of ’52.

Once more the rotunda is a mass of confusion.
Freshmen are wandering around with bewildered
looks wondering exactly what the score is . . . sor-
ority members are gushing as usual. The men of
State are disgusted and so are many of the upper-
classmen.

Sororities, as well as the fraternities, want to en-
rich their organizations with some new blood and
competitive spirit seems stronger than ever. Let’s
not forget in this period of open rush that friends
made now are friends to be kept and that relation~
ships between upperclassmen and freshmen should
remain the same after the bids are out as they
theoretically should be at the present time.

Freshmen are humans . . . so are we . . . sin-
cerity should remain foremost in the minds of sor-
ority members. Rushing is false enough . . . let‘s not
make it more false. Simply use a little more discre-
tion in rushing . . . freshmen will be happier and the
all-around attitude toward sororities in general
will remain what it should be.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Clan of 1918
BATING—ALL-AMERICAN

 

Vol. XXXIII October 1, 1948 No. 2
Member Distributor

Associated (lolicgiiifo l’i‘csii l‘oiicgliifo lllgnnt

’I‘lii- iiiiifi-rgruilniiic Iil‘ii‘nlllllii‘l' of fill“ New York Sliiii- t'ol‘

ii-gc I'or ’l'i-iiciicrii; piiiiiishi-il «wry Friday of the mill-go
year by the NIIJWH lioiiril for life Sliiiii-iif .\ff:llit'ii|liiil|
I'iioiii-a: l'iiivi-i'. Hpciici-r, llllli il'lil'IIillu. 'Jiil'Jii; l.iiiid;iii,
'l‘roy, 27fi~\\': Wiilli- Iillli .Ii'l'lll', “1257. Members of flic
iicwn niiit'f' min If“ i'ciiciicil ’l'iicsiliiy and \Vciliii-siiiiy from
7 io Ilzilli l'. .\1. iii If~fifti7.

The News Board
JEAN PULVER . - . .
ELSIE LANDAU .
JEAN SPENCER -
ROBERT VAN DAM
VIRGINIA WAITE

EDITOR-IN-(JHIEF
- PUBLIC RELATIONS EDITOR
MANAGING EDITOR

- SPORTS EDIIUII
CIRCULATION MANAGER

MARION FURLONG ADVER'riemo
AUDREY JERUE . - ADVERTISING
GLORIA DONATO Business
RODNEY FELDER BUSINESS

EXCHANGE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITOR
AEEOCIATE EDITOR
ASBOCIATE EDITOR

ROSEMARY STODDARD
RUTH COOKINGHAM . .
BERNADETTE FREEL . .
SHIRLEY WILTSE - . . .

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 1. 1948

  

      

’Igl.

 

Reprinted from the May. 1948 issue of noun

 
 

.9 mm ,

 
   

arm!“

 

 

Copyrlgio 1948 by Emma. ha.

“I must insist that your little friends wait outside
while I treat your can”

 

Quality /Vol‘ Quasar;

By SY

 

The bell rang. Class was dis-
missed. The boys dashed for the
smoking room.

“Man oh man, but I‘m glad to
get out of that room. I thought he'd
drive me nuts with all that talk a-
bout Russia. currency, French cab-
inets and all that stuff. When I
signed tip f'or this poly science
course, I thought we‘d learn sonic—
thing worth while: something you
could put your hands on. Heck,
when I get out teaching who’ll care
about the Berlin crisis. Somebody
ought to put him wise!

Gotta cigarette? Thanks. Yeah.
that stuff is a lot of baloney. Hope
he doesn't ask any of those ques-
tions on the mid-sem.

What didja say? Have I regis-
tered? Hell. yes—away back in Au‘
gust but I don't think they‘ll take

Gomm'cdmd

 

 

To the editor:

One of the last acts of last year’s
Student Association was to amend
our constitution by inserting sec-
tion 7 to Article VIII, thereby set-
ting up a class board of Finance
to bring our class ﬁnances under a
single authority. and making for
more efﬁcient expenditures of class
funds. As provided in tth amend-
ment. the four class treasurers and
a member of the faculty appointed
by the President of the College.
would comprise this board. A com-
petent individual appointed by Stu-
dent Council shall serve as auditor
of this Board, is also one of the pro-
visions of this amendment.

As yet nothing has been done to
set up the board as provided.

Shortly the class of 1952 will
elect their Officers, and one of these,
the 'l‘reasurer, will become a meni-
ber of the Class Board of Finance
upon his election. So for nothing
has been done to get the board in
operation. yet each day the classes
are spending money in ii manner
which is now illegal.

Apparently the fault lies with
Student Council for being lax hi
tlils iiiiuiiier. Already the constitu-
tion has been violated in the col-
lection of freshman dues since in
section 7, subsection (bi (til it
states: Beginning with the Class of
1002 (the duties of’ the class board
of F'liilillffl! shall he) to collect. eliiss
dues yearly in cooperation with
those Student. Association officers
who collect. the annual bliiiikct ice."

Miiybe willi ii little action on the
part of' Student (iiilillt'il Wt' ciiii gel
this Board opt-rifting before tiic
f'i'cshiniiii elections take place.

Financially Worried

l)f'lll' Friends.

The kids iii the Albany Home for
Children would likc you to offend
ft party on Hniiiiiiy, ()(‘lOlit‘l' it) 'l‘lic
time will be from 2‘30 PM. to b
PM 'l'iii- place will I)f' of. NW lloiiic
l’Ii-ii.-.i- lfil try to iiflciid. We fire it“
iiiik’ltilu. to meet the new frcsliiiicii

Hilii'ci'i'iy yolll'n.

’I‘Iie ('iillilrcii's (‘oiiiiiilttec
iiiiwrciicc lliiycii, President
I"i'cd 'I‘ci'wiliigcr,

Vlcc I’l't‘iiitit‘lll.

M.ii'y I‘liii'ii 'I'Ollllfiflllii,
Heci‘ciui'y

FERSH

us veterans for a long time. What?
Oh. you mean to vote? No, I didn't
get around to it yet. Maybe I will
tomorrow. Doesn't make a helluva
lot of difference anyway. Dewey is
a cinch to win. And he'll be a. good
man too, Who else is there? Trun
man spends all his time playing
poker with his buddies from Mis-
souri. Wallace ought to be shot as
a spy, and what‘s his name—Thom-
as, well, I don't even know what
he‘s always yelping about~and
don‘t care anyway.

Yeah. Dewey is in the bag. Even
said so in the papers this morning.
Guess I'll register though and ride
in on the winning horse come Der-
by Day in November.

Oops. there's the bell. We'd better
take it on the run. Come on!"

Last week, we were urged to vote.
“Even,” the article said. “If it goes
to Gerald K. Smith or to the veg-
etarian party."

There will be no shortage of vo-
ters in November. Some sixty mil-
lions ai'e expected at the polls. Our
friend whom we overheard will be
among those present. No, our need
isn't for greater numbers of voters.
Iiifliiiteiy more important is our
need for serious and careful delib-
eration regarding how we cast our
ballot.

it would be better if our friend
cost no vote rather than perhaps
cancel the attempt of a sincere cit-
izen to participate constructively in
his government.

Democracy doesn‘t mean voting
for a. winner; it means voting for
what you want. A ballot cast; for a
party or candidate whose principles
you don't believe in or don't under-
stand is .zlcarly a vote of conﬁdence
in favor of that aristocratic clique
which maintains that we are not
fit to rule ourselves.

In this country, we are the inas-
tors. The political officials are our
servants. Our vote is the power with
which we are able to control the
activities of these men. Misuse this
weapon ind we fall prisoner by oui'
own hand. Our power can be large or
small depending entirely upon how
we exercise it.

Vote like your life depended on
it. It. does!

('ontriiry to previous lul-
iiouiiceiiients. classes are sched-
uled i'or Friday, October it.
Some members of' the faculty
will be attending teacher con-
i'erciiccs, but it skeleton staff
will remain on campus to l'f)ll~
duct classes.

To the editor:

Last chk the NEWS published
ii lcf.fci' lo Ilie cdifoi' In which "The
Libriii'y liodgci'” offcrcd fiic propo-
sition fliiif. siiicc Hliifc wni. "wont-
fiig its money" keeping the Library
open lWo nights ll wr-ck. \vc there-
fore close filiiii library for purposes
of night :iiiidy.

l mu conviiiccd lliiil i-Vcn llioiigii
only one indciii iippcnrcd lo tnkc
lltI\’llll|li|.‘.f’ oi liic opportunity for a
tlilit'l |illif‘l' to really work, the pro—
gram Would Ili‘ WOI'illWIliit‘. Hfiicc
obviously lilt‘i't' lli't' iif it‘lii‘ii .cvcriil
:.fiidciii:. who take :itiidy seriously
ill this Illiiiilllllfiil, they liilOiliti iiot
Iii' dcpercd of" their prfvilcgc due
to the iiiiiioi'ify's iiiiffpiiiliy.

The Other Hide

 

Gammon-51d“

By Tony Prochllo

 

__._.__

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reﬂect those of the STATE COLLGI
Nwa.

STUDENT-FACULTY RELATIONSHIPS

Every year the problem of poor student-faculty re-
lationships comes up. The President worries; Student
Council worries. Everybody worries except for m05t
of the faculty and most of the students, because they
don't seem to think these relationships affect them
positively or negatively. But think about it for a min-
ute. We need chaperones for all our social affairs;
nc chaperones. no parties. They need us to show them
some of their good times. Remember that they can
give you invaluable assistance, scholasticaliy. and out-
side of classes. if they feel so inclined. They will feel
that way if We treat them as members of State‘s big
happy family.

Closer acquaintance with instructors will make for
a much friendlier and far more interesting class-
room situation. Our teachers get around plenty; if
they're closer to us, we'll be able to benefit immensely

'from their experience. This works both ways with

vets, who can give so much recent information on
conditions in foreign countries.

Aside from all these possibly selﬁsh motives, there's
a good deal of satisfaction felt by everyone when he
knows he's part of a group, enjoying the friendship
of the rest of the household. Who knows? Things
might even get to the point where. as in many other
colleges, more faculty members will appreciate our
company enough to invite groups of students to their
homes new and then.

The new faculty members feel just as strange at
first as our new freshmen. We go all out to welcome
the frosli: why not make the new instructors really
feel at home?

Start right now; the first step is easy. Give them
ah a big hello when you pass them on campus. and
I'll guarantee you‘ll get a bigger one in return.

A COMEBACK

I hear Shakespeare is coming to State in the form
of Margaret Webster's famed bariistorm troupe. This
is a part of D & A Council's effort to bring some new
shows to Page Hall this year. Thye're also planning a
faculty art exhibit and tea, which our more talented
instructors are anxiously awaiting. In addition, we
can expect seine very early movies in the near future
which should prove interesting to even the least "arty"
Science major. It‘s good to see the Council going all
out to give us the best, after last year's Dowiing
Disappointment.

PROS" DILEMMA

The other day I came across a very discouraged
freshman girl. She had just accepted an invitation to
lunch from a sorority member. only to fliid six others
in her mailbox five minutes later. Now. really girls.
can't you give the poor kids half a break? All this
phony attention isn't fair to them, to say nothing of
the fact that they‘re left confused and wondering a~
bout just who is being honest.

Besides, too much rushing is a handicap for the
rest of the students. You know, we have only ten min-
utes between classes in which to rummage through
all that paper in our mailboxes. The meeting place in
the rotunda in Draper is absolutely impassable at
noon-time; that holds up the people with the short.
half hour luiieh period.

I've always been strongly in favor of a real sor-
ority and the ideals of" true friendship it embodies.
but I don't see the real thing now. Don‘t ruin these
ideals by trying too hard. My advice to you, trash. is
to iiold them off with Stepaiifetchits old standby:
“Don' rush inc, giil, don' rush the." I

 

College Calendar ~ - -

 

FRIDAY. OCTOBER l

flszi AM. Assembly. Piigc lliill.

0:00 PM. President's lteccptfon, Pierci- iiiill lnglc
Room.

SATURDAY. ()("l‘ODliilt 7!
flztlfi PM. I"l'()Hll l‘i‘roilc. Page Iiilii Auditorhiiii.

SUNDAY. ()("l‘Olil'IIt II

3:00 PM. Newniiiii (.‘lub 'l‘cii, Ht. 'l‘lioniiis More
I’ifiilfit‘. lilil Ho. litkc Avmnic.

:00 P M - Pollci' (ilnb Open House. 'ill'i Hliifc Street.

:30 PM Ncwiiiiiii (Eliib Hiiiokci'. Ncwniiiii lliill. 741
Madison Avenue.

4—".

MONDAY. ()("l‘Olthll ‘1
4:30 PM. iliil‘lllfilli'ffi football icngnc opciici'. i’iigo
l"fcld.

'l‘l’liibiliAi’. OCTOBER 5

l'J;i)fiiiooii iii:.il'll('iltili ill the operation of :ioinid
iiiovfc protectors iii llooiii llf Open to
fill Illii’l't‘lilt'd.

’llftil’M. ('Ill‘lliiliill Hch-Iicc tii'iziiiiiznlloii. llooni
ltiff. lii'npci' Hull

’I lie PM Hfiidciit Ulll'lhllilll Annoclulhifi inci-iiiiil
foi' f'i'i-iiliiiicii only, Lounge.

'I'IlllltHDAi’, t)("l'tiliiillt 7

l2 nooii lV(il". NOOlllllllt' Worship. llooni ll: (fin-st
spcnkci', Aiiiiii Mt'ilIlI of :i‘cliciicctiidv.
'l‘ti|)lt‘, "A l'i‘iiclicul licilcf." I

7:30 PM. MA A Hiiiokci'. Utiilliiltillh.

 

Sid’ela'nu

 

‘____.Mlei{i~:x SEAMAN

 

Comes Saturday, WAA will offi-
cially begin its fall season with a
frolic prevue for frosh and upper-
elassmen. Getting right into the
swing of things. a number of the
enthusiastic WAA'ers aren’t waiting
for the official opening, but have
been busy during the past week
with hockey sticks and pucks. Judg-
ing by the hordes of bright beanics
one sees dashing through the halls
these days, it seems likely that the
Class of '52 will soon be adding to
the “dorm-field trotters."

Checking over the social calendar
for the year. we spotted a reserved
date for a WAA Play Day in Febru-
ary. Sounds like something concrete
may be done in the way of inter-
collegiate activity for women this
year. More powor to WAA if they
come through with it.

Rah-Rah-ltah

Cheerleading. which has been
placed under the supervision of
WAA, will get under way on Tues—
day when the first tryouts will be
held. This year. cheerleading will
be conducted as other sports are.
with supervised hours on Tuesday
and Thursday afternoons which all
tryouts must attend. From these
try-outs, both Varsity and Junior
Varsity cheerleaders for this sea-
son will be chosen. Final choice
will be made early in November to
insure sufficient time for the new
cheerleaders to get practice togeth-
er aiid to purchase uniforms before
the first Varsity game in Decem—
ber. From where wc're sitting. this
system should be a great improve-
ment over the old election system.

Mixed Matches

Last year, MAA and WAA joined
forces to sponsor a mixed doubles
bowling tournament. It went over
with a bang root from the piiisi.
Why not plan mixed tennis matches
before the long. cold winter sets in?
In any event. let‘s keep the bowling
ball rolling.

WAA Gives

Frosh Reception

Bulletin from the Dorm Field: on
Saturday, October 2. WAA will
play host to the frosh girls in a re-
ccptioii to end iill receptions. The
festivities commence at ‘2. o‘clock
sharp,

Elly Adams ‘50, is general chair—
man of the Fresh Frolic; with Ruth
Smith '50, in charge of refresh—
ments. the traditional coke. peri-
nuts aiid apples. of course; Jt'illi
Hotallhg and Ruth Mattcson '50.
are arranging the eiitei'taiiiiiiciit.
which they promise will feature two
new skits this year; Phyllis Harris
'51, find the rest of" the Sopiis are
in charge of clean—up: Mickey Sca-
iiiiiii '49, iirriiiigciiiciits; and Pat Jul
'51 will direct sports, volleyball and
softball; publicin has bccii handled
by Edit- Miiich ‘50, and iiiinl Mo-
bci'g and Lucy liytlc “filers-have
tiikcii (‘lll‘t' of stencils and livers.
iNof to mention orchids to li‘uss-
lilt'l' f'oi' licr I.lllt‘lll.l

Plenty of lilntertiiiiiiiiciit

'l‘lic skits aren't. all WAA intends
to offer in the way of' t‘lllA'l'lllili-
niciil. .liiiict Wilfliii'l'l '52. itufh
()Wciis '51. and organized singing
will keep everyone _illlli1illlii. lilvcry-
oiic'. fliiil. iiii'iiiis :iii liic nppci'cliiss-
men, too.

Not to ti\\'t‘ii iipoii lhc skits bnl

there are iiiiiiiy questions you will
want answered. Wind. is the ltoiiriiig
Hen? Will Mobci'g gel lfl up? Will
Izifiicr conic iioiiic lli time to saw
poor /\ll(il't‘_\"i’ l)oii'l miss liic Iili'iii-
iiii', :iii:.\\ci':. iii W.'\A':. i"|'ti:i|l I“i'olfc

Min. .loliiisfoii. lii' 'l‘oiic. Minn
lVliii'i'ny illlfi .’\1i' tifb:.oii will fill iic
pi‘i“.ciif lo liclp flii- ll'tifiil itili‘. iicf
llllilifit'ti info ifn- hill upoi'is pro-

iriniii itllti iiic NIIIW lliiiihiiliniiiiii
i'iilii.
1____._.._... __.__._.___. _

'l‘l/l'.‘

i'iiiil‘

// l\' H Ill/HS

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 1, 1948

Football League Opener
Scheduled For Monday

Change In Rules
To Be Inaugurated

Autumn's advance brings the ad-
vance down Page Hall Field of
fourteen football teams. Opening
kick-off for the 1948-1949 season is
Monday, at 4:30 PM.

Two seven team leagues will play
for the title this year, with a new
system being inaugurated. In pre-
vious years the “A” League has
been composed of the fraternity
teams and a few others of stippOs-
edly the highest merit. This has led
to the dominance of one. or possi-
bly two. teams in each league; the
"B" League usually putting forth
one or two unbeatables also. Bob
Tucker ‘49 announces that this
year all fourteen teams will draw
out of a hat for the league on which
they are to play.

Armistice Day Play-offs

Following the example of Mon—
day's opener games will be schedul—
ed four days a week at 4:30
in the afternoon with the “A” and
"B" League teams alternating.
There is a good chance that the
dorm field will be available, or at
least. half of it. and as the schedule
now stands. the play-offs should be
in order on Armistice day with an-
other iniiovation, i1 game between
both the first and second place
holders.

New Ideas In Order

Several tciiiiifive suggestions are
being ilt'lli in mind by Bob Tucker.
manager. and will be decided upon
at it meeting of' team captains.
These include: the elimination from
the tag rules of the phrase. "below
the bclt," making the rule: two
hands on the back; this should
make for a faster game. Suggestion
number two calls for the elimina-
tion of protest games. No other
football league allows them and they
only serve to stimulate excess grip-
big and mess up the schedule. An
improvement of officiating would
also lead to less protesting. If offl-
ciiils were ccrtiiiii of their rules and
emphatic in their decisions the
games would run more smoothly. In
this connection Tucker asks that. all
tliOsc iiicii interested in officiating
contact him by student mail and
watch the MAA bulletin board f'or
iiniioiiiiecmciifs. It has also been
suggested that guides be appointed
at the end of this season to acquaint
the next. year's f'i'osh with football
qualifications and tell them lust
how they 'an play right off the but.
All Star Team

in past years there have nlwyiis
bccii griivc disagrcmiicnts between
those asked to select. those on the
final All-Stiir football team. This
year it. will be fixed so that one
body. probably composite. will do
the choosing and The Dope Sheet
will publish the results in the usual
rcliiibic manner.

The f'oiii'lccii teams and their
ciiptiiiiis which \vill comprise the
two leagues are:

Aiigcls l~Io|lidny.

l“liiks- Mcliiii'cii.

('lciilii Skohilck.

iiilili Av. I‘iggi‘l‘h (lcorgc.

ii. ll. ii‘ci'sii.

K. i). it. 'Sfllilytli‘fi.

l'ofici‘ 'liiiiicliclli

liuiiiblci's llci'giiis.

ii.()t'iil'i..‘~ (liiiiiiiiiiigs.

H. l., H. l)oiiiin‘ow.skl.

St Mary's A .liibloii,

Hf Miii'y's ll Anon.

Saints Hiiiiilci'soii.

Vilil Iit‘f"/.t'l‘ i‘illlif‘iiifli‘i

 

'iiTr. I-Ionikel & sin

Pluiriiiucisti-i
itih’illliiifiiltid 1005 Phone tense
167 (‘ontral Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

 

Evans Releases

WAA Agenda

At the first WAA Council meet-
ing of the year held Monday, final
plans for the fall season were made.
President Juanita Evans ’49 ap-
pointed committees for Frosh Frolic
to be held tomorrow afternoon.

The schedule for WAA sports was
approved by the council, with final
selection of fall sport captains
made.

Fall Schedule

Hockey practices will begin on
Monday and continue each Monday,
Wednesday and Friday afternoons
at 3:30 on the dorm field through-
out the season. Saturday morning
practices will also be held. Jean
Hotaling ‘50, and Edith Paterson
'51, hockey camp representatives,
will act as hockey captains.

Volleyball and badminton will be
combined this year and will be held
Tuesdays and Thursday with
Fanny Longo and Jeannette Nuffer.
Sophomores. Tennis is also sched-
uled Tuesdays and Thursdays
with participants meeting in Wash-
ington Park with Flo Paris, and
Mary Lou Reed. Sophomores, cap-
taiiis.

WAA Council has revised its rid-
ing program this fall. Regularly
sclicdiiicd hours iiilVC been elimin-
ated with a card system to take
their place. All students interested
in riding should sign up on the
WAA bulletin board or contact Cap-
tains Lois Prescott and Jean Siiw-
yer, Sophomores. Audrey Eveleigh
'50. will act. as hiking :aptain with
an liiitiai meeting at. 10 tomor-
row morning at Pierce Hall.

Cheerleading will get under way
Tuesday at. 3:30 in the gym with
last. year's varsity cheerleaders in
charge. All members of student as-
sociation who are interested in
cheerieadlng are invited to attend
the practices.

’l‘ennis 'l‘ourney

A WAA Woman's Tennis Tourna-
ment will get under way next week.
A sign-up sheet has been posted on
the WAA bulletin board in Draper
I-lall. Those interested in participat—
ing in the tournament are urged to
sign up on the sheet provided.

Camp Johnston will receive a
house cleaning Sunday when
Ciiptiiiiis Kellelier and Harris lead
ii group to the :amp. Week-ends at
the camp may be scheduled by sign-
ing the list on the bulletin board or
by contacting the captains.

NEWS To Help Pick
Ail-American Team

The Sports Staff of the State Col-
lege NEWS has been chosen for the
first tliiie by Collier's Magazine to
participate in naming Collier's All-
Aiiierienn foofbiill learn. Each Week
tiic editor will fill out. it ballot of" the
week's sliii‘lltc players flii(I submit,
them to the iiiiigiiziiic. When the
season is closed ovei' one hundred
editors and trainer All-American
players will chose Collier's iii-ill All-
Aiiicrfciiii football tcuni.

Varsity Bowlers

To Start Season

Next Wednesday, the Varsity
Bowling team will open its second
season in the Intercollegiate Lea-
gue. Six teams will compete every
Wednesday night at. the Playdium
at 9 PM.

This year the season will be open-
ing several weeks earlier and will
run for twenty-five weeks. The
league will consist of the some
teams as last year: Albany Business
Coollege, Albany Law. Albany Phar-
macy. RPI. Siena and State.

Team Already Practicing

Sal Dardona of Pharmacy was
elected League President at a busi-
ness meeting September 29. After
the meeting the State team started
practice. Tryouts have started and
will continue next week. At present,
seven men are trying out for State.

State finished a strong third fast
car. close behind Slena and RPI.
Pharmacy. ABC and Law finished
fourth, fifth and sixth respectively.

Phys. Ed. Department
Offers New Courses

State has opened a new field of
study this year. Many male teach—
ers are called upon to officiate and
coach high school sports. Few have
a working knowledge of the rules
and regulations of these sports.

Because of this reason, the Health
Education Department is offering a
course in officiating at competitive
sports. This course will cover foot-
ball. soccer. softball, baseball, bas-
ketbnll, volleyball. and track and
field. The students will officiate at
the intramural games this year.
Coach Hathaway was pleased with
the enrollment of twenty.

Also being offered are Community
Hygiene and Recreational Leader-
slilp courses. which are beliig taught
by Mr. Gibson. Eight students are
taking the Hygiene Course while six
are enrolled in Recreational Leader-
ship.

Tourneys Slated
In Golf, Tennis

In the next few days two tourna—
ments will be scheduled to acquaint
upperclassmen and incoming fresh-
men, who participate in tennis and
golf.

Manager Joe Ciirosellii has drawn
up a tentative schedule and has an-
nounced that fifteen men have
signed up for golf and sixteen have
signed for tennis.

A system of handicapping will be
used in the playing of the golf tour-
iiiiineiit. Each man submits his best
score and the handicap is two-
f.liirds of the difference between the
score of the two participants.

A similar program was put into
effect last fall but was severely
hampered by bad weather. It the
Weather this full takes its turn to-
ward the best, the tournament will
be played as scheduled.

The tennis tournament will be
pliiyed off on an elimination basis.
All matches will be singles. The
matches will be held on the Wiisli-
iiigfoii Avenue courts. This is the
first. time Intriinini'iil tciiiiis will be
held ill Shite and next year there
will be if more elaborate schedule
if' this year's iiiiitclics fil'l‘ successful.

((4

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

 

OTTO R. MENOE

run COLLIII JIWILIII

103 CENTRAL AVE.

 

 

 

 

 

S'wm shop

785WKMHX
(arm-4 oil "’wc'i’)

Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS m CANDY —— SANDWICHES
Luncheon Served Daily

~'"—"""""""""'::..__........____._OPEN DAILY IT I A. M. ’

 

no: a

 

‘71“ Dope glue!

 

 

 

BOB VAN DAM

About 60 per cent of the male
student body participated in Intra-
mural Athletics last year. At first
this sounds- good, but that 60 per

 

 

cent includes the fellow who show- .

ed up only a few times for one
sport.

There are many good reasons why
this percentage isn't higher. First,
facilities here are inadequate. There
is one field available for football
and soccer in the fall. MAA is
trying to work out a solution for
this now. In winter the gym is
tied up every minute, even though
several activities are going on at
once.

Another reason is lack of time.
Many part-time jobs which come
at the same time as the sports pro-
gram. Assignments- take a. great
deal of time; sometimes schedules
interfere with participation.

You can't blame the College for
everything. Some of the faults lie
with the students. It’s always the
same group that show; interest in
every sport. A lot of them hold
down jobs. yet they keep their
marks up.

No Interest in Soccer

Look at soccer this fall. Right
now only two teams have signed up,
Potter Club and an independent
team. Unless more men show in—
terest, the sport may fall through.
Intramural soccer was played for
the first time last year. There was
no formal league, yet everybody
had a good time.

You don't need to be a finished
athlete for intramural sports. A
few hours of recreation will do any-
one a lot of good. All we ask is that
you give it a try.

Talk has once again turned to
the Intercollegiate Assooiation Con-
ference to be field this fall at
Brockport, and the Athletic Union
which was discussed at last year's
meeting field here at State. In re-
ply to a letter sent to all eleven
of the State Teachers' Colleges,
answers were received from over
half of them, most of which were
strongly in favor of such a mova.
Others are still considering details.
but if. strong note of encourage-
ment is offered from the fact that
no college contacted has looked on
the proposal with disapproval.
Football Rules

When the football games start,
the same old "darkness" problem
will be back. About the tlilrd quar-
ter of every game at the end of
last season, the sun began to set
and it was too dark to see anything.

There was disagreement whether
a game called on account of dark-
ness should be entirely replayed,
played from the exact time and
play. or from the nearest quarter.
Last year the games started at 4:30
P.M.. and it is unlikely they can
be started earlier. The best time to
settle the problem is now.

Another problem last year was
the forward pass. No agreement
could be reached on a pass thrown
with ii forward motion behind the
line of scrimmage. Ironing out the
rules now would sure ii lot of
trouble.

 

THE
HAGUE
STUDIO

"Portraiture At Its Finest"
‘ ‘
HOLLYWOOD COMES
EAST TO TAKE
YOUR PORTRAIT
‘ s

OPEN 0:00 to 5:30 DAILY
Evenings by appointment

'l‘liiUliPHONEi 0-0017

Oil MADISON AVENUE

 

 

 

 
   
 

 

i
i

a... .0 4......»

an...

 

 
   

