  
     

   
   

Mo: 2

It's Up To You

Over 1400 students have enrolled at
State College for the coming year. This
increase means that many problems will arise
which can only be solved through the co-
operation of both the students and adminis-
tration.

One of the more serious problems which
has already arisen is the difficulty that has
been found in locating adequate housing and
eating facilities. More students than ever
will be living in private homes. In short, we
will be a college of commuters rather than of
resident students.

The. administration has located accomo-
dations for as many students as possible, and
they have gone one step further by institu-
ting a cafeteria plan which should receive the
immediate attention of the undergraduates,
graduates, and faculty.

This plan which has been explained in full
in another part of the paper is one which
will be only as‘ worthwhile and beneficial to
State College as the patronizers themselves
make it. It will be run on a non-profit basis
and two meals a day will be offered for a fee
of $100 per semester.

Contrary to the rumors that have been

circulating, the plan is not compulsory for -

those students not living in a residence where
regular meals are provided. However, it is to
the students’ advantage both financially and
personally that they participate in this pro-
gram.

It is the need of the students that the ad-
ministration is trying to satisfy and they
have no money-making schemes in mind. If
they find that they are making more than
they need, the quality of- the food will be im-
proved or the dividends will be divided
among those participating in the plan, ac-
cording to their wishes. It is hoped that with
the increased use of our facilities the cafe-
treia will be able to expand so that it may
be used at any time during the school day.

Let’s give both the administration and
cafeteria the fair trial they deserve.

Cooperation . . .

The State College NEWS is published
every Friday for the purpose of keeping the
student body informed and interested in the
activities of the college. Those on the NEWS
staff do their best to report the news accur-
ately and thoroughly.

However, before the year is over, many
complaints will be heard that this or that
organization is not receiving enough publi-
city or that one group is being favored. Let
us state our policy. We will do everything in
our power to play fair in publishing the most
important news but all heads of organiza-
tions are urged to make sure that their iii-
formation reaches its on time for our Wed-
nesday night deadline. At times, there will
be material which will have to be discarded
at the discretion of the NEWS Board due
to lack of space. if we weren’t interested
in promoting State College and its activities,
we wouldn’t be working for the NEWS.

Cooperation is all we ask—«from both the
faculty and student organizations.

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918
RATING—ALL-AMERICAN

 

Vol. XXXIll September 24, 1948 No. 1
Member Ifinli‘llilllifl'
Asriiicliiieil (‘olli-giiile l‘i‘i-ss i'olli-giulc l)l',.'|"\l
'l‘ln- iinilci'ui'ndunie lI|'\\\|l.i|ii'l' oi' the New \oiil. Sinii- i'iil
loge for 'I'l'ilt'lli'l‘ni pulili~|icii i-ii-i'y l-‘i'iilny ol iln» college
\"'lll' by the NEWS lioiird for iiic Sluilcni \-..~.m-iiilloii
.l'hoin-s: l’iilii-i'. Spencer, and l'iii‘liniic. 'JIil‘JI‘i, Landau,
‘l‘roy, 27.3 W. “'lliii‘ .‘IlilI .li-i‘iic. \li‘JHT Nit-mixers oil the
III‘H'H sliil‘f iiiiiy Iil‘ i‘i-ui'ln-il 'i'uiwiluy iiIlIl \\'w|un-~il:iy wow

7 in ii;:iii l'. .\l. ill :iniu?

The News Board
- - EDITOR IN-CHIEF

‘ PUBLIC RELATIONS EDITOR
MANAGING liDITQR

- Si’Olilb EDITOR
CIRCULAIION MANAGER
ADVkHIIBING
ADVEH'IIBING

BUSINESS

- BUSINESS
EXCHANGE EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDI‘IUH
AESOCIA'IE EUI'IDH
ASSOCIATE LDI’IOH

JEAN PULVER
ELSIE LANDAU~
JEAN SPENCER
ROBERT VAN DAM
VIRGINIA WAITE
MARION FURLONG
AUDREY JERUE
GLORIA DONATO
RODNEY FELDER - -
ROSEMARY STODDARD
RUTH COOKINGHAM
BERNADETTE FREEL
SHIRLEY WIL'TSE

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWE. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 24. 1949 c

 

 

 

BUREAU
or

Miumo

M

lb

 

 

' sew
L

Cunyrilhl 19‘! by Eiqiiiie, Int.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mar

can»

Reprinted from the june, IME issue of ESQUIRI

J/eaa We, oiled/a 7/e

By Earle Jones
Warren Raps Democratic Sham- ters and potential voters should be
bles . . . Truman Raps Congress in more alert than usual in order to
Platform Talk . . . Wallace Blames sift the facts from all the props-
Cold War On U. S. Foreign Policy ganda which will be put out for pub-
. Headlines like these will be lication by the many parties. Accu-
blazing across our nation's news— sations and counter-accusations will
papers from now until November fly thicker than falling leaves in
as the various candidates try to gain autumn. Clinches meaning just a-
the favor of the voting public. For bout the same thing will be tossed
the first time in many years of about by all the factions until the
national political history four ma- voter might well begin to wonder if
jor parties, in addition to the per- there is really an honest politician
ennial Norman Thomas, have en- left in the land. John Q. Public will
tered with a vengeance into the find it no easy task to distinguish
Presidential Sweepstakes. fact from fiction in the pre-elec-
Like a wrestling ring during a tion blasts; and Mr. Public is by
team match the ring is loaded. Af- no means an infallible being.
ter sixteen years of asslve resis- _ ,
tance. the Grand Old lgarty has ris- one Of the mOSt’ magic of .Amel'
, lean customs is that by which we
en fi om the dead, hot on the trail of , , , ,
what they believe Wm be a lamb axe pione to cast oui ballot not for
slide victory and they mean to see the man whom we believe to be the
’ best qualified for the elective of-
that no blunder of Harry and his
. fice but rather to vote for the man
cohorts Will go unnoticed. Harry the h' is i t d b ,.  ,t
Haberdasher has troubles of his own w 0 mm “a e y 01“ 133,] y'
and the Republicans say that it is the one to which we belong sim-
couldn.t happen to a nicer guy. ply because our father. grandfather,
The Democratic Party finds itself and so on' belonged to it" Find not
split wide open into three divisionsi because its political beliefs are most
The formamon of Egg_gathermg akin to our political beliefs. There-
Hemy Wallace,s Third Party fore. we :vote by habit; we either
brought about the first major break “9”, “° Li’gelf" “52"” ‘0 3“ Sides'
in ranks, and with the nomination 01 fife we] e eve “at Dace a R8.-
of President Truman for re-electlon put) can' a ways a Rep“ can“ inm-
the Confederate WM Whoop m_ haps we me ,one of those poisons
sounded through Convention Hall; Who “we?!” be botheled,t° ex—
net result. the Dmecrms suh' ercise oui tight to vote. Theie is no
Small wonder that the Elephant ls [‘Pasonﬂble excuse for neglecmng to
starting to raise his trunk in ex- go to the Dons on elecuon day‘ It
ammo“ is a painless process which costs no-
thing more than a few minutes time
On the other hand. President Tru- taken from the day‘s routine. If we
man has "noos" for the little man find that it Will be linDOSSlble for
with the toothy smile and the Ful- US to be ill 0"" home l'esmence 0“
ler Brush   two year's ex- election day, We are entitled to make
pericnee in the Executive Office use Of the absentee ballot. College
constituted a large advantage over students in pai'l/ICUIOI‘ should bCCOIne
My. Dewey. especmpy at», the pres- acquainted with this form of voting
out time when world affairs are con- and should use it at every opportun-
stantly changing from hour to hour. 1W.
Many people feel that Mr. Truman
is the perfect example of the right
man at ilie wrong time, and had
he ii Democratic Congress in back
of him ilic ovcr-nll picture might
be different.

 

 

 

We do not seek to give political
advice, but We do nppcnl to you to
read intelligently, listen intelligently,
and decide for yourself. Then when
you cast your votc you will know
that it, is your choice and yours

Doiibtless this is an important nloiie. arrived at through the pro-
yciir in election history. but jusi ecss of fill intelligent appraisal of
what does it iicttiiiily menu to col- ilie facts as you have. best been able
lcge sliitlt'llls'i‘ li. menus that all vo- to distinguish them. The main idea
is that you trust your vote if you
are able: i‘\'i‘il if it goes to Gerald
1.. K. Smith or to the Vegetarian
Pni'ty. VOTE, VOTE. Vt’)’l‘lill!

 

communical‘iono

 

 

T” Th“ “dill”: duty up and down each iiisle';l Do
they want to cooperate with ilie stii~
dents? li. hardly looks in if they
were looking itil‘ cooperation when
l wonder how inniiy people we ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘
will be able to count on Monday in" him“ ("IHWW NUWR 1m“ “I m”
niid Wednesday eVeiiliigs'.’ liiisi your, Ville. one issue encli full to the de-
lh' Hl'i‘lllt‘d l“ “1" “H” llll‘ SIM“ Wit" iiiniids of lilt‘ students for the open-
wasting its money ki‘eliiili.’ “W H“ in}; of the underground pussnpc io
iil‘lll’)‘ open in the evening. |il slitiiiiil ! _ I, I) .
linVc kcpi it's money and bought 1” hm” "mm"
:-.upplic.~. Iiil‘ the Music department
llll(l ilic I)l'llill:liit‘h (it‘lilll‘illll‘lli. iii—
sicnd ol linvini: Hindi-iii A:..~.ocin-
lion llil'lil‘ll equipment ior lili'hl' lii‘iii'lnlis inure to spend ilic whole
“W ‘l“l“‘l'”“"“"‘-’ dny nsklim .‘.ii1i|)ii.\i‘tll_\‘ iiinlui'c iii—
io .iop \iliispci'inii.

Aiioiliei' yi-ni' is here. 'l‘lic library
is open all day iind evening too.

I believe llinl we Illl\'t‘ ii serious
problem when one third of lIll' Li-

I \\'iill(lt'l' wliy illiil't' people don't illVlillUil-‘i
no to the liibi'ni‘y Sonic jinn-r. l _ I ‘ l .1)
think il 1:». liie fiiiill ol the students A“ m “Mini” “"“mum‘ 1

don't lit‘ili'\'i' .~-.o. lml’s :iliou llic Iii-

when I .‘xi‘t‘ iilioiil loiii‘ oiil of six
people iii cni'li lnbii- whispering lllillllllilih of the liibi‘ni‘i Ilini we
t'iill nci like ndnllh it they will co-

ii|li'l'iiii‘ with lib.
The Library Dodger

{\i (illll'l’ times i lhink ii is the
iniili of ilie l.ibi‘iii'liiiii.. Are they
looking for ii'oublc iih they do iiiini'd

    

 

Gammon-51a!“

By Tony Prochllo

 

-.._...__.—

The Common-Slater is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the Sum Coconu-
News.

Well, hello, everybodyl We’re off again. You’ve al-
ready gone through all this business of an eerie
screech, a great big hug and a “so WONderful to see
you againl”, no doubt so I’ll try to restrain myself.
It is nice to be back, though, looking forward to an-
other enjoyable and rewarding year at “our own
dear N. Y. S. C. T." It dosen’t take long to know you’re
definitely back, either, what with moving in, meet-
ing new people, invariably changing schedules, regis-
tering etc.

WHA’ HOPPEN’?

One of the things that shocked our usually shock-
proof Seniors was the practice-teaching schedule. As
per usual, the circumstances of the individual weren’t
considered. Some of us find it necessary to Work in
the dorms for part of our room and board or to take
some outside job to help us through school, so much

' so. in fact. that these jobs mean the difference be-

tween attending or not attending college. If, as in
some cases, a student is assigned to a school of per-
haps an hour’s commuting distance or to one so sit-
uated as to require “living in.” these jobs are phy-
sically out of the question. Besides, living and travel-
ing expenses will increase.

Then, too, there is the problem of required courses
that cannot be fulfilled unless the student is at the
college, teaching in Milne. AND, to add to all this,
no one knew of his assignment ‘tili he received this
week. Somewhere in the machinery something just
isn't clicking, when the needs of the individual are
so completely ignored in making up the teaching as—
signments. We hope someone up high will work on
organizing the setup enough so that We can be sure
of staying in college or at least of graduating when
we're supposed to.

A NEW V. P.

The sad now comes in that Heinz Engel isn’t
coming back this year. We're going to miss him; he's
a fine all-round fellow with plenty of stuff on the ball.
It's going to be a tough job replacing our smiling
vice-president, but it’s not impossible. There are sev-
eral people in the class of 50 who can take over for
him and do an efficient job. These people are cer-
tain to be nominated; let's hope those who have the
time will feel obligated to do their duty, so that this
time we'll make a real election of it.

GIVE THEM A HAND

The records show that forty per cent of the faces
on campus are new ones: that means lots of new
friends. They also show that there are a lot more
people on campus than last year; that means added
responsibility for each individual student. With our
buildings as over-crowded as they will be, every one
of us has to do his little part in helping Campus
Commission keep our campus clean and neat. Just re—
member little things such as smoking in the right pla—
ces and properly disposing of butts (this means the
buckets. not the floors). throwing used towels in the
baskets in the “johns,” and walking on the sidewalks
instead of the lawns.

The administration has promised to pay more at-
tention to the daily needs of the students in the
“johns,” Commons and balls. Let‘s show them we
rate good service.

LET ME KNOW

This year, I want to write a column that you'll
want to read. I can't feel the pulse of the public by
merely watching and listening, so help me out. will
you? Drop me n note whenever you'd like some in—
formation or an opinion on anything going on at
State. Thanks.

(ill. MY A(‘IIING HACK!

Overheard in loWer Di‘nper: Could you show inc
where the Recovery Room is? I've just finished reg—
isii'i‘iiig.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

FRIDAY, SitP'I‘I'IMIiI'ZII 7M

litiiil l'.i\/i. Inter-viii'sity (,‘Iil'lhlillll l’i‘clloii'sli‘ip Bible
Clith in ltoom 21f, ltichni‘dson. featuring
n iiilk by Rev. (lei'hni'dl. of licihniiy
l.ul.hci'nn Church, 'l‘roy.

iiilill’M Hliidciii (lhi'isiinii Associnlloti's ('lllll'(‘Il
reception in li'csliincn. Sliitlciils io meet
in [root of Draper.

iiiio l M NI'\\‘llllill (‘liib i'cci-piion to li'cshnicii iii.
Ni‘\\‘illllll lliill.

S.\'I'l'lil).\\'. Hl".|"l‘l'1MIil'I|t ‘35

ii (iii PM All-(‘olli-gc Welcome l’iii'iy lo ll'i'hlllllt'll
iii Page.

Hi‘Nli.\\'. HI‘II'I'I'IMIiI'ZIi ‘Zii

’l on l'M illlil‘I icccpiioii lo ll'l'ullllli'il lli Ilii'
l.ouni.-,c.

’i‘lll’lleirH’. Si‘ll"l‘lil\llililli .‘hi

i‘.’ 00 Noon liiici'—Vni'.-.iiy (‘lii'i:.iinii l"t'ilii\\':iill|) in

lilliiili Bil. ltlclini‘drioii, iciilili‘iiii; ii lzilk
by Rev. (folilhlei‘, oi the l"il‘.‘ri l’i'esby»
li'i‘ilili ('lllll‘t'll, Schenectady, ciiiillcd
"Wlinl ni‘c you llllt‘i' in life?"

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 24. 1946

 

 

 

Ninety-Six

Wilcox Reveals

Camp Success

Echoes of fresh camp! Of course,
it rained but this has become such
an annual occurrence that it is re-
garded almost as a tradition. How-
ever. the rain and cold weather
could not put the damper on the
frosh. With eighty per cent of the
men of the class of ’52 attending
camp, Director Bob Wilcox and Dr.
Andrews had their hands full keep-
ing things going. However. under a
smooth system of organized rivalry
this year‘s camp was one of the
most successful ever held.

Our predictions for the class of
'52 are:

1. They will be hard enough to
survive the wear and tear of rival-
ry and enjoy it.

2. They have the usual share of
characters.

The sports program got its start
by dividing the boys into three
teams. red, blue, and green, for or-
ganized competition. Each team
made up a squad to compete in the
scheduled sports events. When the
day was over, the green team had
walked away with the football,
softball, basketball, and swimming
contests to score almost a clean
sweep. The blue team won volley-
ball, and to date, no one know who
won the ping-pong. On Sunday
there was ii series of unscheduled
events including a canoe trip in
which Dr. Andrews and five other
campers participated. The canoe was
piloted by Dick “Columbus” Zeller
who seemed confident that he could
lead the way to the distant shores
of the lake.

To keep everyone busy during the
evenings, bonfires and bull sessions
were held, and it was at these
gatherings that everyone got to
know each other. It was also during
these meetings that we made pre-
diction numbcr two.

Of course. no camp would be
complete without its share of bon-
ers—~and this year the counselors
contributed the best—it was “farin-
er” DeGarmo who found out
after rowing for ten minutes with—
out getting anywhere tliat it helps
to pull up the anchor—only Bob
Roulier could catch poison ivy—Jay
Miller. following Dr. Dorwnldt's

Football, Soccer
Top Fall Program

Lending off the intramural pro-
griiiii for full are football and sec-
cer. This year Bob ’l‘iickei‘ ‘49, will
handle fooibnll while Jim Warden
iind Dnrc Wethci'by. Sopbonioi'cs.
will run stici'ei'.

Oi'ci‘ n liiliidi'cd silltit‘llis pni‘ii—
cipnli-d iii 1ooibnll lnsl yeiii'. ’l‘wo
six—icnm lcnuues were formed willi
encli icniii pinyin-.1 n gnnic :l week.
it'ifiy incn llll‘lli‘il out for soccer.
Potter club look lop honors in

 

l'ooibnll inst ycni', inking ilic "A"
Longin- ('Ililllliiliillhilll) und downing
tlic "Henri-rs," "ll" winners. iii-13.
Season ()pciis Hiltlll

linsi ycni- iIlt‘l'i' was only one
field li\‘llliillili' liil‘ boili spoi'is MAA
is tingling liil' lIll' use of lit'\'i‘l‘\\'_\'i'l~’.
l’iii'li :iiid llll' it‘l‘l‘ili'i‘ iii l)oi‘ni
l“ll‘l(i (‘ompi-iiiioii should start lil
nboni iwo \\i‘l‘l(.\ 5i) \iill'l organizing

your il‘liillh now Wnich the MAA
Iiillit‘illl Iiil‘ill‘ti lill' iii-lniis!

1 Attend Men's Camp;
Football, Softball Malor 5W“

 

 

“The Gang’s All Here”

 

 

OTT R. MENDE

You COLLEGI JEWELEN

108 CENTRAL AVE

 

 

ii. r. Honikel ii 3.5.7

Pharmacists
l‘isillllllollt‘d llldli l'lione i-ililliti
157 (.‘enlrnl Ave.
ALBANY, N. Y.

footsteps, bandaged everyone's cuts
—and eagle eye Walsh who, while
acting the role of umpire in a soft-
ball game, decided to give several
of the boys four strikes out of the
kindness of his heart.

We must also devote space to
Earle Jones' academy award play.
“STATE COLLEGE WOMEN??"
starring Bill Engleliart as the hero.
the Dunn boys. Jay Miller, Don Ely,
and Sparky Vaughn as typical
State College women. As a member
of the audience, I can say the play
gave a true picture of what the
girls at STATE are like.

The fresh also gave their share
of amusement coming mostly from
Irish Ross Federico and Spider
Peene. Roland Stone also was the
center for many puns. And then
there was Harry "Kay's too big for
me" Smith from Southampton.
There was also a question from
some unknown fresh who wanted to
know why Primer had only $1 on
the budget for this year.

Congratulations must be given to
Dr. Andrews. the counselors. and
the directors for their fine job of
getting the men of '52 ready for
STATE—welcome fresh!

 

BOULEVARD

CAFETEIIIA

PHONE 5-1913

“MEET AND EAT AT THE BOUL”

198—200 CENTRAL AVENUE

ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

   

SIYLE 6644
Ollie! Styles
l‘iS l0 “i5

 

w. i. bour‘lns
|

 

 

 

Worn Willi cosual clollies on llie college
C(llllpUS 0! Wllll the well losliionotl (lollies
of lln: business execulive. Tliii ilioiglil
ill)‘ill0tl Willi llie unusuol zigzag ilililii/ig
has u long woriiiiig, triple lliicli' solo (llltl
llio populor click licel

’i [or Sliced

SHOE c0..iiROCKtON15.IviA55.
.3; BROADWAY —- A lillA NY
Men's Shoes i~1.\clusi\'cly
.‘i l 7 It I V 1*} If S '1‘ if It) It} 'I‘ —— '1‘ if (i Y

Men’s and Women's Shoes

Women's Camp

‘n
CD
0
-p
C
‘
(D
U)
(I)
'0
O
‘
—..
0)

By DEE WEBBER

For those of you who haven’t
met the WAA at fresh camp there's
a big, fat reception coming on the
Dorm Field October 2.

Speaking of frosh camp—horse-
back riding and cheerleading got
such a terrific plug that they are
sure to have an important place
on the coming calendar.

Also broadcasting from Burden
Lake our “little sister,” Ruby Far-
thest (named Farthest because
that's where she was whenever
clean-up rolled around), reports
that "These upperclassmen are too
much for me to understand .
why did Pless keep running around
'doubled over' with laughter?" I
wonder if it had anything to do
with Gersh and the counselors’
skit? And why did “Exercising”
Evans go swimming with her jeans
on? Does Matteson always fly her
p.j.'s from flag poles? Also, I think
she should have gone heating with
Smith and Koch when those nice
boys asked them Friday evening;
“their bathing suits were so pretty."

We can tell those yellow-jackets
are going to be swell athletes (at
least they can run—did you see
them go when the dinner bell
sounded?)

 

7/» 20p. 31:“!

 

 

BOB VAN DAM

The Sports Staff of the NEWS
sends a warm welcome to all stu-
dents, especially you in your first
year at State. We hope you'll keep
up with the latest in sports and
we’ll do our best to keep you in-
formed. Here’s the place for your
comments or questions; send them
in and we'll publish them as soon
as possible.

MAA will be publishing a hand-
book to explain the athletic setup
at State. On Wednesday, October 6,
MAA will hold their annual smoker
for all male students. In order not
to steal any of their thunder, I‘ll
only mention this much:

 

 

1. There are more than enough.
activities going on all the time to
interest everyone.

2. MAA wants every individual to
participate in at least one activity.

Seen and Heard

Less chance of broken skulls this
year; MAA is trying to line up more
football fields. . . . Heard in the
hall—“What the - - - happened to
the Giants. they had everything
this year?" . . . Angels happy over
last year's softball championship.

 

H“

U. S. ARMY AND
U. 5. AIR FORCI
RECRUITING SIRVICE

 

 

 

How high can you go
I“ rn: u. 5. AIR roncn

The ceiling’s unlimitedl Men who enter the
Air Force as Aviation Cadets become 2nd
lieutenants within a year. From there on, they
can climb as for and as fast as their ability and
the needs of the service permit. Under the Air
Force expansion program, there is plenty of
room for advancement. 2nd Lieutenant: auto-
matically become lsl lieutenants after three
years of service; are eligible to become Cop-
lains, Moiors and Lieutenant Colonels after 7,
I4 and 2i years respectively. More rapid pro-
motions cire frequent. Never before has the
opportunity for making the Air Force a perma-
nent career been so favorable, especially to
the men in Aviation Cadet Pilot Training.

 

"are are (he reclaim-manta:

Appointment to the Aviation Cadets is open to single men, between
20 and 26% years old, who have completed two years of college
(or can pass an equivalent examination). Upon graduation, Cadets
receive their wings and commission, a $250 uniform allowance,
and three-year active duty assignment with pay up to $336 a
month. Get full details of any Air Force Base or of any U. S. Army
and U. 5. Air Force Recruiting Station.

with the U. 5. Air Force

 

 

