 

 

 

 

 

 

_va. xxxm

Embllulied May 1916
By the Clue of 1918

RATING—ALL-AMERICAN
November 19, 1948 No. 9

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press Collegiate Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York State Col-
lege for Teachers: published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS Board for the Student‘AssocIatlon.
Phones: Pulver, Spencer, and Furlong, 2-6120; linindau.
'l‘roy.'275-W; Waite and Jerue. 8-0287. Members of the
news staff may be reached Tuesday and Wednesday from
7 to 11:30 1’. M. at 3-9407

The News Board

JEAN PULVER . - . - . EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
ELSIE LANDAU . . . PUBLIC RELATIONS EDITOR
JEAN: SPENCER - - - MANAGING EDITOR
ROBERT VAN DAM - - - SPORTS EDITOR
VIRGINIA WAITE - . CIRCULATION MANAGER

   

\(‘1_ ,

MARION FURL‘ONG . - . - . ADVERTISING
AUDREY JERUE - - - - - . ADVERTISING
GLORIA DONATO - - - . - . BUSINESS
RODNEY FELDER - - - - - - BUSINESS
ROSEMARY STODDARD ExCHANGE EDITOR

RUTH COOKINGHAM . . - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNADE'ITE FREEL - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
SHIRLEY WILTSE - - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

 

All communications should be addressed to the editor and
must be signed. Names will be withheld upon request.
The STATE COLLEGE NEWS assumes no responsibility
for opinions expressed In Its columns or communiciitions
as such expressions do not necessarily reflect its view.

02

 

 

Tempus Fugit . . .

Time is passing very quickly and few people
seem to have realized that plans have been coin-
pleted for the annual Christmas liall which will be
sponsored by Inter-Sorority and Inter-Fraternity
Councils, and that only two weeks remain after
Thanksgiving vacation before the Ball.

Usually students begin to talk and think in ad-
vance about plans for a dance but in this case, there
seems to be little interest at the present moment.
Those members of the student body who arc fa-
miliar with the details involved in planning the
dance realize the problems that were confronted
but which should be brought before the attention
(If 

[first of all, the dance was planned on a much
smaller scale than last year because of thc financial
failure of the (‘laudc ’l‘hornhill affair. The name
band did not seem worth the money, thc sororitics
and fraternities went into debt. thc Armory did
not seem to be the satisfactory placc.

Therefore, the first decision that was madc was
that we should sccurc a less cxpcnsivc but good
small band with the idea also of decreasing thc
price of the bids and making the dance availablc
to more students in thc collcgc.

Then came the stumbling block wvhcrc could
the Ball be held and still accoinodatc tlic largc
numbcrs cxpcctcd to attcnd? .‘\ny pcrson who has
tried to makc ai'ranchm-nts for u largc affair of this
t_\pc in Albany rcalizr-s thc lack of availablc facil-
itfcs. 'l‘lic coinmittcc tricd thc (‘olonic (‘ouutry
('lth but this was without succcss lit't'IIllN‘ of thc
disapproval of thc :ulministration; thcy investigat—
cd thc downtown hotels but thcir liallrooms could
not accoiumodatc morc than 150 couplcs; tlic Arm-
ory was again suggcstcd but thc idca quickly
dismissed bccausc of thc Incmory of last ycar; our
own gymnasium was bcing uscd for a .\liInc lith-
kctball gamc that night; thcrc was onc Miltllloli
the Aurania ('lub which could only bi- \t'tlll‘t'ti for
Friday night.

I‘Ivcn this fact was against tlic wishcs of Illt' or-
ganizcd group as vcry oftcu studcnts objcct to
danccs on I’riday nights. llowcvcr. it had io bc
this way or not at all. 'l‘lic pritc was down. flu-
oi'thcsti‘a was small. thc daic \\.‘l\ WI and lhcn lhc
capatity for thc (‘Iub was \l'l at itlfi couplcs. This
was soon-thing clw to ~poi| ihc plans but a situation
which (tillltl not bc iliiiiigcd llt‘tiliht‘ of thc \l/t of
thc :\ui'ania ('lub.

('onti'iti'y to thc rumors that how lit't‘ll iiriulal—
iiig, lllt‘ dainc is opcn to un_\onc in thc tollcgc
fi'ntcrnity and sorority or not to llil‘ first hit)
[it‘l'htiIh who purchaxc tlicir bids.

lntcr-l"i‘atcrnity and liitt'I'—.\'iii'iii‘it) (‘ouniils
liavc Iiiadc Iiic plan». for a ltii'iiilil. Sonic lllt‘llllil'l".
of llit' .\\.\ti(l£llltili may not Iikc thc way it \\ll\
planncd. Iliiwcvi-r, it lliiint‘ pcoplc ll’lnli Mtliit‘lllllig’
iliffctcnt. ncxt ycar is Ihc llIiit‘ Io rcclify it, not
this yrar. liistcad, support llic t‘oum‘ils and gt-i
your bids curly.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 19. 1943

STATE COLLEGE NEWS - ’4“ t. : ’42 J 5 t. 4

 

Perhaps it Is taking advantage of
the space allotted me as this week’s
reviewer to address my remarks
solely to the group responsible for
our dramatic presentations. How-
ever, I feel that after Tuesday‘s of-
fering, a great many people left
Page with a lot on their minds.
Some were not so'pollte. They aud-
ibly voiced their opinions on the
ultimate value of the evening just
spent.

This is not a new murmur of dis-
contentment. Numerous times since
the rebirth of AD nearly three
years ago, the faithful Tuesday
night Page-goers have found them-
selves turning away with a shrug
of dissatisfaction. Something was
wrong. The plays weren't clicking.

It is conceeded from the outset
that it is far easier to sit behind 21
NEWS typewriter and peck out
poison-pen reviews with the bound-
less ecstacy of E Charles Addam's
cartoon character. than take a con-
structive part in the endless work
and aggravation involved in pro-
ducing any of the aforementioned
ventures. Yet the question consist-
ently returns. “Is is worth it?" “Are
the Tuesday-night productions
worth the time, the effort. the ag-
gravation and often the weak aud-
ience response they so often re-
ceive?”

Most of us realize that the pur-
pose of Advanced Dramatics on our
Campus is to give those people, so-
inclined, ﬁrst-hand experience in
play production. The Tuesday night
presentations serve as a lab or

By ARCHIE RIDER

 

 

workshop and are intended to give
each student a turn at castlng_
planning and directing. As planned,
the program is certainly commend-
able. In practice, I cannot help but
feel that it often falls short of its
intended goal.

On Tuesday night, as on many
such nights‘ in the past, the fault
did not lie with the directors or
the casts of the respective plays.
Rather—the fault rested within the
plays themselves. The production
time and effort seemed wasted in
light of the overall result. I cannot
help but feel that a number of the
plays selected for presentation are
so restricted in scope that they lim-
it the potential achievements of
those who work so futilely on them.

It is hard to condense a play and
keep its continuity. It is hard to
find a one-act play that challenges
the ability of the Thespian and the
imagination of the audience.

Perhaps if the time and effort de-
voted to these Tuesday night ven-
tures were spent in the production
of several student-(.a'ected major
three-act plays as sponsored by the
College Playhouse Group several
years ago, the ultimate value and
experience would be more beneﬁcial
to evervone concerned.

As it now stands, Advanced Dra-
matics should stop and search its
soul. Perhaps from the throes of its
silent meditation we may again
come to receive offerings worthy of
the talents of its participants and
a respectable level of dramatic en-
tertainment.

 

14 fideeal

By CLIFF

 

There are in our midst at State
College not a few people who look
upon the word “liberal” in the same
light as they do any other curse
word. This group will probably ﬁnd
this article extremely profane .
However“ it is my hope that this
article won't ‘uusc any of our arch
"State College Conservatives" to
fling themselves off the Page Hall
balcony.

No doubt some of the people who
read other things besides the
NEWS. will have observed rcccnt
editorials commenting on the fact
that our government. along with
otlicr governments in the world. is
moving toward a more liberal era.

Bclorc any of you rush off to get
youi'sclvcs poison in preparation for
thc rcvolutim. allow Inc to explain
what I mean by liberal. I under-
stand a liberal government to be
one which produccs legislation to
bcnctll air incrcasingly larger ill’.‘tl
of thc population. and also take cf-
fcctivc steps to insure certain mirr—
Imum standards for all.

What do we find today that
would l‘ud us to bclicvr- that our
it'tililt' arc moi-c intcrcstcd in a lit)-
crni govci'nmcnt. policy? In the first
place. tlici'c is thc i'cccnt Dcinoci‘iil.-
lc victory in thc clcctioii. For thc
ficmocrais, it was a victory af'tcr
bcing out of Icgislativc lcudcrs'
scat» for only two yours. The pco-
plc \l't'l‘t‘ not intci'cstcd in thc con-
scrvatfvc ways of tlIc chublican
fitith Congrcss. lli using the facts
abovc, I am to nssumc that thc
Dcmoci'alic party. cspccially thc
onc of ri-ccnt yours, is considci'ably
morc Iibcrnl IhnII tlic Republican.
'I‘Iuc. tln- \ictory was not an ovcr-
win-lining onc. ncrcrthclcss. it. docs
M’I‘lll Io Ital‘c iiioi'c than u l.ciiipt)i‘-
or}. slit“ of party powt-r,

Auolbcr tact poiruing to a ncw
libi-rnlism iii Ihc U, S. gtchI'IIIiII-Iit
was Mr, 'I‘i'uman‘s personal victory.
'l‘hc l’i'csidcnt has a (ictinitcly lili—
ci‘nl program and lil‘ has find for
.~.oinc Iliiit‘, though ho was unablc
to got any of his proposals ciiuctcd
in lith >.I~.s:.IoiI of Congrcss. ills pro-
gram mciudcs hitch points as: icd‘
i-I'ul aid to ctiiii'atloii. national sick—
IIc.-. Ilihiif'illll‘t' plan. cxtcndcd Civil
lttghts scctlou. oxtcndcd social sc-
curity , and SI'\‘t'Iilj‘—lll’t' ccnts an
hour mnnmum wagc sculc. Home
of Ihcsi- Iii'c own to thc lcl't of thc
llbcrnl mindcd Ncw Iii-iii. 'l‘liis givcs
a liberal cxccutiiw brunch and load-
(‘1' to go with It libcrnl Congrcss.

'i'licrc ui'l' ht‘i‘t‘l'ttl more specific
itcms; though they are minor

7amalmaw

CROOKS

 

points, they seem to stand out as
signs of our time. One of these was
the election of Mr. Humphrics to
succeed the Anti-labor Senator Joe
Ball. Mr. Humphries is pro—labor

. and. more than that. he is prob—

ably best known as the man who
helped to incorporate the vigorous
Civil Rights plank in the Demo-
cratic platform. Very liberal in both
domestic and foreign policy. he is
expected to take an important role
in the Blst Congress. Another
pointer to the future was the dc-
fcat in the Conservative stronghold
of Ohio. This is the home of the
ultra—conservative Senator Robert
Taft and a democratic victory
would seem to point to a lessening
of his political power and a dissat-
isfaction with the Conservative re-
giinc.

There is not a little bit of specu—
lotion as to the prime reasons for
this trend and also as to its signiﬁ-
cance and strength.

I find myself believing there are
two major causes for the movement
in the US. The foremost of thesc
factors was the long and successful
tcrm of FDR. I doubt that anyone
could fully estimate thc inllucncc
of this period in ltbcralixing and
broadcnlng the scopc of thc Amcr-
lcan pcoplc in political thinking.

’l‘hc second factor was tlic many
migrations during the recent war;
not only of the military shifts but
civilian as wcll.

it sccms to me that thc widc
i'ungc of new contacts a lui'gc scg-
Incnt of our population inndc wcrc
n dcfinltc factor in making pcnplc
more willing to scc n govcrnmcntul
policy that rcnchcs and licnclits
lnrgcr and lurgcr scclions of thc
pcoplc.

’l‘iicrc arc uiidoubtcdly othcr fac-
tors to bc considcrctl and uuy-iuc's
opinion it. to bc vnlucd. for ihc
cnuscs ot intangiblc movcmcntsurc
difficult. to sort out.

As to tho significant-c of thc ncw
libcrnl govcrnmcnt and in. influ-
cncc on thc futurc, your gilcss is us
good In lililit‘.

Pcoplc who are far bottnr lli-
foi'mcd than I sco it as u part of u
for grcntcr rcordcriiig oi' socicty. I
will hazard no gucss in that. direc—
Ilfiii

No maltci' whnt thc t'uturcln'mgs,
llic facts St't‘iil to indicate it (iclitiltc
ctnuigc in the ncar i’ulurc Iii libci‘-
of hands. Keep your oycs opcn for
progress and Conwrvntivcs take
your back seat nowlll

- "*l‘dr‘i’ﬂwﬁ-Iakﬁuﬂ umzi: -. i. i.  r. .  ,_  :.-..,. My.»

gamma-51d“

By Tony Prochllo

 

 

The Common-Stater Is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reflect those of the STAT! Cotonou
News.

GET ’EM WHILE THEY’RE HOT

Have you noticed those little stars. “December
10 ” plastered all over the walls? Those are the re-
minders that the Inter-Fraternity-Inter-Sorority Ball
is coming soon, and that you'd better pick your
women right away, fellows. It’s to be held at the
Aurania Club, up on Allen Street, near the intersec-
tion of Western and Madison.

Due to the limitations in size of the hall. only three
hundred tickets will be sold. They will NOT be held
in reserve for fraternity and sorority members only,
so, Independents, don't hesitate or worry about your
opportunity to get yours. It's ﬁrst come. ﬁrst served,
and it should be one of the year's best social events.
Come along. and let‘s all have a ball.

PLENTY OF ACTION

How much can one organization do? Inter-Group
Council is a bunch that showa; just how much. It's
almost unbelieveable. They conduct seminars, which
now concern American folklore. With station WROW.
they present a Weekly radio show. Right now, they're
carrying on a. city-wide survey of the children’s re-
creational facilities. Last week's assembly was pre-
sented by them. They foster IGC‘s in other colleges.
work in the Clinton Square Community Center. and
do a dozen other different things. as a real service
organization.

Joy Simon and her gang arc doing a wonderful job.
Our hat‘s off to you!

HAVE YOU l’AlI) III”!

In recent class of ‘50 elections. there have been
some questions as to the eligibility of some of the vot-
ers. There is a. difference between the number of peo-
ple who claim to have paid their dues and thc mim-
bet that the records show as having paid. The class
treasurer wants to avoid such messes in the future.
If there is any question as to your status. contact
Bill Dumblcton ‘50. immediatcly. so that things can bc
straightened out.

THIS IS [’1‘

Monday morning the fraternities will issue their
bids to the fellows they hope to have cntcr thcir rc-
spectivc organizations. They've been giving you the
big rush since September: now, boys. is the time for
you to make that big decision. And it is a big one.
The fellows you choose are going to be your close
friends till you gct that. old diploma.

I‘ve seen all too many fellows discovcr tlicy‘vc
made a mistake in deciding which outfit to join when
it‘s too late—when any attempts at rectifying the mis-
take are bound to causc hard feelings. So considcr
carel‘ully——thc organization as a whole. the fellows.
individually and as a unit, thcii' activities and how
they jibe with yours. If you aren‘t sure fund this ad—
vice will probably bring a string of cuss words down
or. my hcadi. wait. Return your bids unsigncd. Thcrc
will bc anothcr chance for you next scmcstcr whcn
you and thc frat men will know each other bcttci'.
Then. you will be surcr of just whcrc you stand.

KO-WYE’I‘

Sh-sh-sh»~~rsilcnt period begins today at tivc
o‘clock. This means you sorority girls can't talk to
I'Icshmcn girls any more. uh-uh; ls vcrbotcn! You amt
you and you might. do sonic dirty rushing. Somconc
else might. try I.) sncak a word in hcrc and thcrc. but
you aren‘t supposcd to say anything, cxccpt at this
wcckcnd's rush partics. So shaddap!

WIIOOI'ICICII
“Four morc days to vacation, back to civilization
' tfion (iisland. that isi. 'I‘oikcy Iin' crnnbni'y slircc
an‘ drcssin‘ wc cat! How a good timc. kiddics. and
take advantagc of thc fcw days‘ rcst. "It‘s bccn a
long, long“ grind.

 

College Calendar - - -

 

I’RIIMY. NOVEMde 19
9—1 pm. I’ottcr Clitb rush party. "(‘lub '52." In
tho Commons.

HA'I‘I'RIIIH’, NOVEMBER “.30

lI-ILZ pin. HI.H's “Hillbilly llociltiwii" at ()slioi'nc
ltoutl Community Hall. IiiIsi-s for gucsts
lca\'c from l)(‘llilitl l)rapci' Hall at 7:30
pm.

Milo-12pm. "Vic" (lilllf't‘ ul Van llt‘l'At't' ilall.

SllNliin‘ NOl'I'ZMBI'IR ‘51

L’ p.m. liuscs Icurc Ncwnnin lift“ for thc Albany

liioccsc Ai‘ca Incctiiig of RM.

Ncwman iiccturc by IIcv Wullcr liufl'y n!

I’luyliouso

lllllcl prcscnts Mr. Paul 1. Ilton in Iioinigi'

3'30 pm
if pin.

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 75:!

Noon SCA and Iiillcl annual
clnipcl at Unilnrtan Church

ti'iiti pin. l’rtmci' mcctmg In ltootn lll.

tlpni. (iraduutcs' party. "(ii'ad Icc—brculo-i'” lli
()oiiiiiioiis.

'l‘IIIiIIk:.gi\'iIIg

'l‘lilllth‘liAV. lilct'ICMISICR 75
tutti pm. Music (.‘ouncii prcscnts Milton (.‘ross, op—
cru commentator. III Page llali.

» ‘ r as" my,

 

i.


i

 

 

 

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 19. 1948

PAGE '3

 

 

Frets, Sororities e . t. I Pless Releases

Announce Plans

For Xmas Formal

Cook, Zeller, Chairmen,
Choose Aurenie Club;
Clute To Furnish Music

Co-chairinen of the annual
Christmas Ball, Helen Cook and
Richard Zeller, Seniors. have an-
nounced plans for the dance which
will be held Friday, December 10.
at the Auranin Club.

According to Miss Cook and Zel-
ler. although the Ball is sponsored
by Inter-Fro ternity - Inter-Sorority
Council, all State College students
are cordially invited to attend and
dance from 9 p. m. until I a. In. to
the music of Fred Clute and his
orchestra from Johnstown. Stu-
dents are urged to obtain bids as
early as possible because the Aura—
nia Club has a capacity limit of
three hundred couples. Sorority
members will not be given prefer-
ence in the purchase of tickets. The
first people to ask for tickets will
be the ones who are able to pur-
chase them. Bids. priced at three
dollars, have been on sale snicc
yesterday at a desk outside the
Commons.

Miss Cook and chlcr wish to ex-
plain. also. the choice of a place as
small as thc Auranin Club and the
setting of the (lat/c for Friday. Last
ycar lntcr—FratcrnIty-Intcr-Sorority
Council sironsorcd a large dance at
the Armory and hired a name band
for it. Due to costs and limited pur-
chase of bids the Council went. in
(lcbl. This year it wishcs to present
a Sillilllt'l‘ dnncc. which it plans to
kccp within thc boundaries of its
budget.

Thc Christmas Ball this year is
l)t‘llig hcld Friday. instead of" Sat—
urday. because the committcc has
found no placc available Saturday
amt it. has been able to obtain the
Aurania Club for Friday.

State Department
Requests Linguists

’l‘hc Statc l.)t']i‘.ll'llllL‘lll has. Inorc
than 200 jobs for men and women
who are Ilucnt ill at. lcast one for—
clin language. to bc assigncd to U.
H. cmbnssics. consulatcs. and sub-
consulntcs throughout the world.
'l‘hc positions arc mostly clerical or
rtcnographic, and in certain fields.
thcy arc pct'iiiniiciit.

'I‘wcnty-onc litliglltlgi's hi‘c listed
:I.\ bcing most dcsircd for providing
translators. iranscribcrs and gcncral
St'(‘l't‘lill'lt‘\ throughout the foreign
M'H‘It‘t': Russian. Polish. Romanian,
Hungarian. llulgarinn. Scrbo-croa-
Iran. C'lA’t'liOblO\':ll{ltill, Arabic. lcc-
landfc. iiidont-sian. llindustanian.
Finnish, Armcnian. Ukrainian. Ciri-
iichc, Annamcsc. Malayan. Korcan,
Spanish. I“i'cii('h, Portugucsc. and
(.Icrman.

Condition-s for lllln ticld will be
considcrcd on the basis of Iraining
and cxpcricncc. ’I‘hc rccruitincnt is
Ininillcd dlrcctly by thc State Dc-
[itil'lllll‘lll Iiscll‘ and applications
:hoiiltl bc ntldi‘csscd to Dcpai'tmcnt
of Stair. l)l\'l.\l()ii of Forcign Scrr-
it'i' I':-r»onncl. Hlalc Anncx, -I. Wash—
ington 3.3. l). C.

.'\])])lit'tliil>» should prclcrnbly bc
.-\mc1'n'.in t'lll/.l'li\, with full fum—
Iliiiriil with onc or Inorc of thc
Itsch lioigmigcs. and wcll Informcd
on ihc cultural and political clningcs
flint tuirc taki-Ii plncc in Iirc couii-
trnu. in which llicy would scrvc,
’I‘how in \\lilch Russian influcncc
1-. mo! It'll art- III grcatcst til'lllllllfl.

Brimmei Announces Donation

.\’l|'.‘. Iici'llia Iii. llrinmici' has an—
nounccd Ilizii lllc Waninnmon. f).
(‘ branch of tln- Aitliiiiii Associat—
llilli \och to tioimtc Hill) to thc
lii‘llf‘Hilt'lll Association for any llht'
llt’t'lllt'tl propcr. 'l'hc busincss Incct-
mg and Iiiin'ln-on \lt'i‘t' hcld No-
\l'ililici' It of 1m Kcncsuw (.‘alc.

ll. F. Honikel & Son

Pharmacists
Established 1905 Phone 4-2038
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

 

To the Editor:

A suggestion that would be help-
ful In the future is concerned with
the dispensation of admissions for
performances produced at Page
Hall. In order to facilitate the pro-
cedure and to give, in addition, ex-
tra services. the following is recom-
mended:

1. Secure a large board, prefer-
ably of plywood that would permit
the construction of a flap for each
seat in the house.

2. Construct a, board for the or-
chestra seats as well as the bal-
cony.

3. By inserting a dummy ticket
in the slot, with the designated seat
to correspond with the actual tick-
et printed on the dummy, it will
be possible for superior service and
speed in selling the tickets. etc.

The advantages are as follows:

1. Permits visualization of the
seat the person has in mind or for
those who forget easily, permits a.
chance to find their place.

2. Does away with makeshift
charts that are now employed.

3. Reduces cost of construction.

4. Saves time of people who
must wait in litre. Saves time for
those monitoring the disposal of
tickets.

5. Different colored dummy
tickets can be employed to handle
more than one presentation of a
show.

6. Enables more activities to cin-
ploy the reserved ticket seating ar-
i'angcmcnt.

7. Eliminates somc tedious tasks
involved in returns.

Let‘s have more comments and
suggestions.

Karpiak

To the Editor:

In the NEWS of October 8. a
letter was published condemning
the mural in the cafeteria. The
caustic remarks about “that atroc-
ity“ probably express popular opin—
ion. Howcvcr.  Hutchins of
State‘s Art, Department has asked
that I explain a few erron-
eous beliefs about the painting of
the mural. l have found, in discus-
sioils with people around college.
that the mural is generally be-
lieved to be the work of State stu-
dents.

Tire project was originally begun
by Miss Grace Martin. head of' the
Milne Art Department in 1946. and
Miss Doris Kaplan‘ the artist and
now a Senior at. Milne. Believing
the cafeteria to be an cxtrcmcly
drab and unpleasant laboratory—
Iikc place in which to cut and re.
lax, Miss Kaplan and Miss Martin
Went to considerable effort to get
permission for their re—dccoration
project.

When the painting of the mural
was started. it was intended that
thc cafctcria walls be used for tcm—
pornry. rotating art displays of thc
advanced classes at Milnc. Thus,
the mural was not planned as a
pcrmancnt piece. in many schools.
this Is a common and constructch
pi'acticc. ()f'tcn cntii‘c corridors arc
givcn ovcr for such purposes. it
might bc said that Milirc art stu-
dcnls have uccompiishcd sonic flIIc
work with many of thcir projects.
The I'cccss murals bctwccn Pagc
and Milnc arc rathcr supci'ioi'
plcccs and arc certainly worthy of
pci'miuicnt cxlribition. Arid an oc—
casional glniicc along the Iowci' cor-
ridor of Milnc will give amplc cvi—
dcncc of original talent and ability.

(lininch in thc faculty of tho

 

Ii. C. Balfour (lo.

li'riitcrnlty .Icwclcrs

BADGES. S’l‘l‘lINS, RINGS
JEWELRY GIFTS, FAVORS
S'I‘A'I‘IONEIH’. PROGRAMS
('Lllli I'INS, KEYS
MEDALS 'I‘ICOI’IIIEH

Write or (‘ull
(‘Altli SOIIENSICN
WATERFORD, NEW YORK
’l‘cl, ti“

 

 

 

 

. (~3”,\>;Mcwwr<7--- »

Departure Plan
For Assemblies

Campus Commission has an-
nounced the correct procedure for
leaving assembly and wishes to re-
mind students to leave suitcases in
the showor room. according to
Pearl Pless ‘49, Grand Marshal.

After the national anthem, the
entire student body will be seated.
The Seniors will then leave, row by
row. with one half going out the
right aisle and the other half leav-
ing by the left aisle. The Juniors
will leave next, with one half g0-
ing out the center aisle, the other
half using the side aisle. The Soph-
omores in the center section will
leave, row by row. with each half
going out the nearest aisle. How-
ever, the Sophomores in the side
section will move only to the right.
one row at a time. starting with
the. last row. The usual order will
be followed by the freshmen. who
will leave after all the upper
classes.

No one will be permitted to leave
by the stage doors because of fire
rules. These doors are to be used
only in an emergency. No member
of Student Association may stand
up. when leaving. until the row in
back or in front of him has left.

Miss Pless also wishes to remind
students that if any suitcases are
found in the locker rooms, they will
be removed. Shc requests that all
strident organizations keep their
bulletin boards neat and orderly.

 

Milne Art Department temporarily
interrupted plans for adding inter-
est and color to the cafeteria walls.
Howcvcr. Mr. Vincent Popolizio. a
graduate of the Yale School of Fine
Arts and new head of thc depart-
ment. told me that he is anxious
to continue the project this year.
In talking with Mr. Popolizio. I
found that he was especially eager
that we commend Miss Kaplan for
her interest and effort. She began
the work with very little guidance
and practically tackled the job
alonc.

According to the basic principles
of mural painting. the pigment——
citlici' oil or tempera—is applied to
a dry plastcr base. III this case. the
oil pigmcnt was painted over oil
and as a result the mural has be-
gun to chip and crack. Rcmoving
the painting with a scraper will
present some mechanical difﬁcul-
tics and it will probably be neces-
sary to I'cplaster the wall in ordcr
to havc a good working surface for
a new mural.

Miss Kaplan has a vcry individ-
ual style of painting that docs not
lend itself readily to mural work.
But the technique shows much
promise for cascl painting. State
owes Miss Kaplan a votc of thnaks
for initiating the projcct, and if
the mural is rcmovcd. another most
certainly rcplacc it or licr efforts
will hnvc becn futile.

(TlII'istizitiII Licvcstro

Milne Seniors To Give Play

"Spring Dancc.” a romantic corri—
cdy. will bc prcscntcd tonight at
8:15pm. Hi Pogo Hall Anditoriunr by
tho Milnc St‘liltil‘h. ’l‘ickcts aii'c pric—
ctl at ’75 ccnts and may bc purchas-
cd from any mcmbcr of liic Miinc
school Sciiior clans.

 

Fay Gives With Glamour
For ’Fai'ry-Godmoiher’ Role

Need a baby-sitter with sex-
appeal? Ellen Fay ’49, has been
spreading her talents to cover a
30-minute radio Show over
WROW, Saturdays at 9 a. m.
“Variety,” the National Period-
ical for the entertainment ﬁeld,
recognized her efforts in a. re-
view last week:

“The Fairy Godmother has
been waving her magic wand
Saturday mornings and bring-
ing out tales of fantasy. poems,
and musical greetings for her
very youthful listeners — from
four to nine. This Albany girl
spins stories with a certain Skill
and perception. She is the pos-
sessor of a soft. gentle voice—
lnto which. by a little twist, she
puts more sex appeal than most
area femme broadcasters. It’s in
a minor mood but is listenaible
for her moppet audience —~ and
sometimes an adult dialer might
yearn to escape the Berlin crisis
and the atom bomb into their
dream world."

"Variety" has put State on the
map as possessing co-eds with
qualities not usually ascribed to
school marms!

Grads, Faculty
May Order Ped

Mary Jane Pcris and Marie Holz.
Seniors and Co—Editors of the Ped—
agoguc. have announced that the
'49 Pedagogues may still be pur-
chased by all graduate students,
faculty members. and individuals
without full seventeen dollar stu-
dent tax tickets. Those interested
are requested to leave a note to that
effect in the Pcdagogue mailbox.
outside the P0. The price of this
yearbook will be five dollars.

 

This your names will be printed
in gold on the covers. upon request.
for a fee of 50 cents. A table has
been set up for that purpose.

Any former State College stu-
dents may procure a yearbook by
writing to Anita Melcwicz '49. Busi-
ness Manager. in care of the Peda-
gogue. State Students are requested
to inform any graduates whom they
know of these arangements

Hague Studio will have the gloss
prints of the Senior pictures In
school all day today.

Myskania Schedules
Annual Xmas Party

Colin-inc Donneliy '49. Chairman
of Myskania. has announced that

this organization is planning to
hold its animal Christmas party
for Albany Home Children in the
Albany Home‘s Chapel December
16. Thursday, at 5 pm. The com—
Initiccs for thc party are: James
Bi‘ophy ‘49. Santa Claus; Jean Pul-
vcr and Donald Langslcy. Enter-
tuinmcnt.

Ar. has been donc before, cach
class will bc assigned an age group
and members of the class will thcn
buy gifts suitable for children with—
in Ihat ugc group. Cartons will be
placcd in the halls by DCCL‘illbt’l‘ (i
for thc wrapped gifts.

 

 

Where all the Students Meet

 

 

 

 

 

wen Sier


Home Made ICE CREAM
SODAS ~— CANDY —— SANDWICHES

Luncheon Served Daily

OPEN DAILY A'I‘ I A. In "._...___.

 

 

 

Frets, Sororities
Post Regulations
Covering Bidding

Silent Period To Begin
Today,- Men To Obtain
Bids Tuesday In Lounge

Helen Cook and Richard Zeller,
Seniors. Presidents of Inter-Sor-
ority and Inter-Fraternity Councils
respectively, have released informa-
tion regarding rushing regulations
and the issuance of bids to prospec-
tive sorority and fraternity mem-
bers.

Silent period wnf begin 5 pm. to-
day and will last until 5 pm, Tues-
day, December 7, at the pledge
services. according to Miss Cook.
During this time there will be no
communication or rushing between
freshmen women and sorority
members except at Buffet Suppers
and Formal Dinners, December 3
and 4. It shall be considered an of-
fense of this regulation to have a
third person act as medium for any
conversation.

Rushees to Receive Invitations

Invitations to rush parties shall
be mailed from the ofﬁce of the
Dean of Women by 5 pm. tonight
and shall be answered by rushees
tomorrow in return mail. Rushees
are asked to sign their names on
the invitations and check the func-
tions they wish to attend, before
returning them. A rushee cannot
attend Formal Dinner and Buffet
Supper at the same sorority. If a
rushee wishes to attend neither
function of a sorority she should
return the bid unchecked.

Council To Issue Bids

Inter—Fraternity Council will is-
sue bids Monday, from 9 am. until
12:35 pm. in the Lounge, accord-
ing to Zeller. There will be no bids
issued after that time. Men receiv-
ing notice of bids through Stu-
dent Mail will go to the Lounge and
pick tip their bids during this time.

Men will sign only the bids from
the fraternities which they intend
to join, and return all bids to In-
ter-Fraternity Council in the
Lounge during the hours between
9 am. and 12:35 p.m.. Monday. No-
vcmber 29. If any bids are not re.
turned during this time they will
be held invalid.

Beta Zeta Plans Date Party,
Parker Releases Committees

Ecia Zeta sorority will hold a date
party tomorrow from 8 p. in. until
12 midnight. according to General
Chairman Joyce Parker '49. Couples
will conic to the Beta Zeta house
at 680 Madison Avenue. dressed as
tong titles. There will be entertain-
ment and refreshments.

Committees for the party are:
Arrangements, Mary Lou O‘Neil '49.
Chairmen, Jean Hatch and Elinor
Butler. Sophomores; Refreshments,
Mai‘y Odak '49. and Mary Lynch '50;
Entertaimnent, Eleanor Adams '50:
and Decorations. Eleanor Guarino
'51.

 

Till-CORNER
DANcE

Mal l’appin & Orchestra
8:30 - 11:30
Every Saturday Night
Refreshments Sold

Admission 50c

Trinity Methodist

LARK & LANCASTER

 

 

 

y»..ummmw;m

 

 

