 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAC! I

They Deserve lt . . .

Financial difﬁculties last year due to a mis-
understanding concerning Primer’s contract with
their printers caused'a great deal of difﬁculty in
the late spring. Consequently, the Primer had to
be mailed to the students rather than distributed
before we left for summer vacation. '

To safeguard themselves and Student Associa-
tion until the crisis had passed and their ﬁnancial
difﬁculties were solved, Primer left $1 in their line
in the SA budget so that later, presumably in the
beginning of this year, they could once again go
before Student ‘Asociation to ask for a re-appropri-
ation for an issue of the Primer. This morning
they will ask for an appropriation of $325 for a
spring issue.

Undoubtedly there will be the age-old question
raised in assembly this morning as to the value of
Primer. There will be the question asked as to why
can’t we publish tnore of a humor magazine rather
than something which to some people is regarded
as being on too much of an intellectual level. Once
again, in referring to the other state teacher col-
leges, many of them do not have literary publica-
tions. We should not look back at those who are
rapidly progressing just behind us but rather look
to those who are ahead of us to get an idea of the
ideals and goals we must strive for. Private col-
leges have literary publications—many of them
as many as four issues per year.

The publishing of such a magazine is the ex-
pression of the literary' efforts of a percentage of
our student body. All students are not interested
in this publication. This is a very natural situa-
tion but those people who prove themselves capa-
ble of such literary accomplishments should be giv-
en the chance to express themselves and to present
to the student body their work for criticism and
appreciation.

It is the duty of the student body to share in
the responsibility for any organization on campus
and to likewise share in each success or failure.
Primer was in a tough spot——they used their heads
in getting out of it—vote the money to them this
morning.

Help Needed i ll

Thursday is a school holiday but it is also the
day that SMILES has planned for a painting party
at the Albany Home for Children.

Since SMILES was originated, a great deal has
been done for the children at the Home and our
students have reaped many satisfactions and pleas-
ures from working with them.

SMILES wishes to do one more thing. The
Home’s Chapel is sadly in need of a paint job and
SMILES and Myskania have set Thursday as the
day for it to be done. The Chapel is quite large
and help is needed—the more people that are
ptesent, the faster the job will be completed——
the sign-up sheet is on the lower Draper bulletin
board.

 

STATE COLLEGE NEWS

Established May 1916
By the Class of 1918
RATING—ALL—AMERICAN

Vol. XXXIII No. '7

Member Distributor
Associated Collegiate Press f‘ollcgluto Digest
The undergraduate newspaper of the New York Stutt- i‘ol-
logo for Teachers; published every Friday of the college
year by the NEWS lionrd for the Silltlcnt Assm-intlon.
Phones: l’ulvcr. Spencer, and Furlong, 'JlilL'Ii; l..IIIdtIu,
Troy, {HS-W; Willie ttnd .liél'llt-, $0257. Members of the
news stuff may he reached 'l‘tIt-sdny ltllil Wednesduy from
7 10 11:30 1'. M. at .‘l-il-lil7.

The News Board

JEAN PULVER . . . . . EDITOR-lN-CHIEF
ELSIE LANDAU . . PUBLIC RELATIONS EDITOR
JEAN SPENCER - - - MANAGING EDITOR
ROBERT VAN DAM - - - SPORTS EDITOR
VIRGINIA WAITE CIRCULATION MANAGER
MARION FURLONG - - - - ADVERTISING
AUDREY JERUE - - - ADVERTISING
GLORIA DONATO - - - . - . BUSINESS
RODNEY FELDER - - - - - . BUSINESS
ROSEMARY STODDARD EXCHANGE EDITOR
RUTH COOKINGHAM - . - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
BERNADETTE FREEL . - ASSOCIATE EDITOR
SHIRLEY WILTSE. - - ASSOCIATE EDITOR

November 5, 1948

 

 

All communications should be addressed in the odiinr nml
Inmti he nigIII-tl. Noun-n will be within-Id upon i‘tlijili'til.
'i‘iie S’i‘A'i‘l'l ('illJllGiil'l NEWS assume» no rcnponnlltlllty
for opinions clpl‘cnneii in its coluunm or cotnmtInlrutions
Ilu ouch expressions do not ItcchoIIIrily reflect its View.

«ow

 

 

ITA'I'I SOLLISI NEWS. FRIDAY., NOVEMBER a. 1949

“He says I just won $25,000 in a Treasure
Chou Contest . . .9

 

WW

 

 

To the Editor:

On Friday, November 5, the mo-
tion for an appropriation to PRIM-
ER will be discussed and voted up-
on in assembly. The proposal intro-
duced last week asked for $325 to
publish one Issue of the PRIMER
in the spring semester.

In the closing days of last sem-
ester when heated discussions of the
new budget were conducted, the
staff of the college literary publica-
tion found itself In an extremely
difficult ﬁnancial situation that
made it necessary to assume a de-
fensive position of its activities of
that year.

At this rmint there can be no pur-
pose ln :1 re-explanation of those
activities, for certainly the staff of
PRIMER has already made every
conceivable effort to clarify its po-
sition to all interested members of
Student Association. Special as-
semblies were called, Innumerable
conferences were held with Student
Council, Student Board of Finance.
the college administration, members
Myskania. lawyers, and members of
the faculty. This year efforts have
been made to aid new members of
SA. in an understanding of our
common problem and responsibility.

Durirg the past week, copies of a
meticulously detailed report of all
transactions and activities of
PRIMER for the year 1947-1948
have been made available In con-
venient places on campus for the
careful inspection of the entire stu-
dent body. This report represents a
very considerable effort to give an
inﬁnitely complete proceeding of
events. and includes a fully detailed
appende of all transactions, state-
tncnts, extracts from the tninutes
of Student Board of Finance meet-
Ings, contracts, and expenditures.

Clearly, the staff of PRIMER has
demonstrated Its eagerness to hide
nothing. And even more, It is ob-
vious that PRIMER has not dodged
Its responsibility or sought a scrape-
goat. No attempt was made to place
direct blame on one or several Indi-
viduals. Rather It is the contention
of PRIMER. and faculty and stu-
dent ndvisors have rcndlly agreed.
that the conditions which led tem-
porarily lo a bad situation were
largely circumstantial and, to a
certain degree, quite beyond the
control of the PRIMER staff mid
participating students.

Last Spring, In a demonstration
of good faith and a desire to prove
its willingness and ability to redeem
its position, PRIMER surrendered
Its annual appropriation in the
budget but maintained Its line with
one dollar until It was again lit a
position to forward it budget rc-
qucst. The possible indebtedness of
over it thousand dollars fortunately
never occurcd. and PRIMER now
anticipates full receipt of all tnoney
owed to It within the next semester.
Regular puvn'Icnis with interest are
being roceivod weekly at the office
of the magazine's lawyer so that We
can now anticipate final payment
In the near future. This money will,
of course. be turned over directly to
Student Association. and It is ex-
pected that the interest received

 

will, in all probability, cover the
lawyer’s fees.

It is the belief of the PRIMER
staff that it has met its responsi-
bilities in a very mature and intel-
ligent manner. that at no time was
the administration or Student As-
sociation revealed in an embarras-
sing light before the public eye. It
must be remembered that it was
fully possible for PRIMER to have
taken its fight to court and con-
ducted a rather spectacular battle
because uf the very involved con-
ditions of the case. But the action
was entirely out of the question
from an ethical standpoint since too
much unwelcome publicity would
have resulted.

In the past, other student organi-
zations have occasionally suffered
ﬁnancial difﬁculties either because
of Improper judgement or simply
by becotning involved in a web of
circumstance. And each time the
student nody has been willing to
recognize its common responsibility,
consideration and understanding
toward the organizations which are
really only representatives of their
own interests. Last year, another
organization with perhaps more
traditional prestige on the campus
received the cooperative under-
standing of SA. in a similar diffi-
culty. And now PRIMER, which Is
the proud and mature outgrowth of
an earlier juvenile joke sheet, seeks
the some understanding coopera-
toln.

It is with these considerations lll
view that PRIMER feels justified in
coming before Student Association
this week for an appropriation to
publish Its annual Issue.

(‘liristiun Lievcstro
Public Relations
PRIMER

Editor,

To the Editor:

The assembly progratn that was
sponsored by Forum last Friday
turned out to be u ruthci‘ unrcprc-
sentativc affair. Apparently, pre-
clcction rush ni. local pnrty hend-
qunrtcrs interfered with the pinn—
ncd schedules of the representa-
tives of the major parties. Patti
C. Rucss‘c. the proposed Republican
speaker. was t'nllcd away shortly be-
fore cicvrn o'clock. William liyrncs.
the representative for the Demo—
crntic pnrty. was misinformed us to
titnc and plitcc at his pnrty itemi-
quarters.

During its election program,
Sjii‘llkllt'h' oI nil put'iics I'cpl'tw'nicti
at, State. nnd nppcuring‘ on llli' New
York Slutt- bitiloi. intro Ililill‘i‘SHi‘fl
student, audiences ni forum mcci,-
ings. ll nuts l)l‘i‘ll the policy of For—
lllll io 'tllO\\' l'oI' representative po-
litical cxorcsrton. Unl'oritmnlcly
lust l"t'l[llt)"s progruni did not rc«
“cut. this policy . . . and colnsctlttcnt—
ly Forum, or the nanor purtics, or
I, owe the student body on apology.

Any students who wish political
voice or partisnn l'cprcscniuiion iii
futurc Forum programs are encour-
tIgcti lo contact members of the
Forum ililitl'll.

Molly Mulligan
Acting Hpcukcr
Forum of Politics

 

Gammon-$161“

By Tony Proohllo .

The Gammon-Stator is given the widest latitude as
author of this column, although his viewpoints do
not necessarily reﬂect those of the Sun COLLIOI
News.

6.0 SLOW '

This morning, In assembly, the freshmen give out
with the annual Fresh Sing. I’m sorry to hear that,
for safety’s sake, the usual rumpus has had to be cut
out. Last year the Sophomores and freshmen got a
little too lively; the fracas ended with several broken
eyeglasses and a few severely banged-up heads, one
hard enough to score a knockout.

Myskania is wise in changing things. After they
have rendered “Arm In Arm,” “The Fight Song,” and
“College of the Empire State” while still standing In
the balcony, the freshmen will march upright around
the auditorium, meanwhile fulﬁlling the requirement
of singing “Life Is Very Different". No Sophomore
is to leave the row of seats to which he is assigned,
for is he to touch a freshman or his clothing in any
way. Any violations of these rulings will be cause for
cancellation of the Sing.

That's the way it has to be, kiddies. It’s for the
best, though it does take a lot of the fun out of this
tradition. Take heed; do it as you're being asked to.
ADVERTISE

My choice for the sharpest bulletin board on cam-
pus is the one kept by WAA. It always has something
on it, and it’s always a nice, neat-looking decoration.
The girls do a bang-up job. They know a colorful
bulletin attracts attention—that’s what it’s for. Every
other organization ought to take notice of their lead.
The boards tell a good deal about your outfit‘s initia-
tive and activity In campus.

BACK 'EM UP

Rumors went out early as to which candidates came
out on top in the fresh elections.

The class officers are legally and fairly elected;
I challenge anyone to ﬁnd a tnore valid voting sys—
tem. Not everybody’s choices can be the winners, but
you should realize that in a democratic setup the
decisions of the majority must stand. It's every class
member's job to back his officers all the way. They
may not be as able as you think they should be, but
if you are reluctant to help you will only make mat-
ters worse.

Individually you have more than the usual share
of talent. Make good use of it. The rest of State is
all for you.

CELEBRATE, BUT MODERATE

Just like any other crowd, we like to go out and
celebrate on such nights  Campus Day and Moving-
Up Day. But we've gone too far.

We made the mistake of throwing our shindigs in
private halls, where outsiders can identify us as State
College students and, sarcastically, as “future teach-
 of America." Nothing can hurt our college Profes-
sion more; even the drunks that frequent these joints
will criticize us.

We've made the mistake of drinking far too much.
In; all for a little moderation in the way of cele-
bration. but even that must be held in check to the
point that we won't, make obnoxious fools of ourselves
on the streets. Anyone who can‘t take it, shouldn't.

We‘ve made the mistake of making such fools of
ourselves that word has gotten back to the adminis—
traiion.

So we‘re going to have to take the rap for our iti-
cllscretions. No longer will the class banners or the
cups be available for our parties, because State Col-
lege's name must. be kept out of them. No longer
should we hire any private halls. where we could
have our parties all to ourselves

These moves arc justified, we're getting just what
we carelessly asked for.
0H BOY, A PARTY!

Next Friday night we Juniors would like to gci
together with you fresh by means of a joint. Junior-
Frosh Party. It‘ll be thc Kllld about which nobody
nccd l‘ccl squeamish: all we want. to do is hare a tiicc
pleasant timc ttlgeliict'. It .llkCIi place from 8:30 to
11:30 pm. in the Cotmnons. Wc'll entertain and feed
you and hope you'll do the some in return. We guar-
zItIicc Ii lot of fun. Join us, won'ichn?

 

College Calendar - - -

 

lIllllMY, NOVEMBER 5

2:45 pm. “Macbeth” at Page

ilzﬁiii p.tn. “llnniici.” at Page

.N'A'l‘l'ltllxn’. NOVEMBER it

3:31) pm. l.cri.urc on iiibic in the DcWiii. llotci

linilrootn sponsored by Newman Aiunnn

ol Albuny. Ni'Willllll Club invited to at—

i.cnd.

Kl) ()pcn Ilottsc.

Huyics ()pt'n iloIIsc.

HI'NIIAY. NOVEMBER 7

‘Jiiiit p.tn. Mcciing oI' iliilci nt 'l‘cmplt- ()huv Hhoiotn
Dancing and I'ci'rcshtncnis.

’l‘l'lIZHltAi', .‘(H'IIMIIIIJR i)

723!) pm. (liIlHyli'lll Cittb meeting in Commons. l)r:;
(loggin und ‘N‘tlllii'i' and Miss Wllllllliih
to speak.

WICIDNICHIMY. NOVEMBER ii)

It! noon SCA Chapel, ltobct'i.
speak on "'l‘odny"

lliilil pm A it, I'hi l)uic l’ttl'iy

’l‘llliltn‘lmt’. NOVEMBER ii

7.30 pm. Mccilngof Ncwnutn Club at Ni'WlllIill llnlt,
ltcv. .Icrcniinh Smith to lecture on
"The Itel’ormutiotI-MLuther".

Hull.
Hull.

8:30-12 pm.
il-l2 p.m.

Kittrcdgc '-III to

Hit,

. we” ~ «

 "1w, : :~.::u

 

 ,7

 

i

STATE COLLEGE um. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 3. 194a

 

Hindi“ ’3"

 

Broadway Players
To Bring Hamlet,
Macbeth To State

(Continued from Page 1, Column 6)

stantially the same version as was
acclaimed by the crimes In 1941. It
also holds to the modern theory
that sotne portions of the existing
text are not Shakespeare’s. Re-
ducing “Hamlet” to two and a half
hours, she found It difficult to pre-
serve the structure and develop-
ment as Shakespeare planned them.

Plan Future Plays

It is hoped that the company will
eventually be able to present a
“living library shelf" of Ibsen, Chek-
hov, Shaw and other more recent
dominant figures of the American
theatre. Miss Webster looks at her-
self and her company as pioneers
in a field which she hopes will soon
be covered. She says: “The people
need the theatre and the theatre
needs to refresn itself.”

Because of the limited company,
Miss Webster encourages people to
help with props and act. as spear
bearers, handkerchief wavcrs, etc.

Her tour is to last for 28 weeks
and she will visit more than 80 cities.
At every performance, of which she
averages six at week, the seats are
sold out. Such is the case at State.

All tickets for sale to those not
belonging to Student Association
were sold out last week. The tickets
on sale to SA were gone by Wed-
ncsday.

'48 Grads Find
Varied Positions

Continuing last week's story on
teacher placements, the following
students have obtained teachinig‘
positions since graduation.

Dorothy Cnusse, Voorheesville,
Mathematics; Marjorie Lotz, New—
ark Valley, Junior High Social Stud—
ics; Martin Bortnick, Delmar, Com—
merce; Gloria Gilbert, Westport,
English; Elaine Woods, Roxbury,
English, Social Studies; Lillian Sal-
nni, Dclanson, Commerce; Dorothy
Walejsio, Bainbridge, English; Ger-
trude Coslik, West I-Iumpton Beach,
Junior High Social Studies; Ger—
trude Wctikes, Middleport, Com-
ittct‘cc; Barbara Otto, Altainont,
Science; Edith Dell, Oswcgo, Eng—
lish, Speech; Margaret Ardito, Ge-
noa, Spanish, English, Madelyn
Breish, Albany, Assistant Buyer for
McManus and Riley Co; Isabelle
Cooper, Downsvillc, Mathematics;
l-Iclen Kisicl, Poland, Commerce;
Norma Fairchild, Hawaii, Mathe—
matics; Vivian Hillier, Gcrmantown,
Commerce; B a r b a 1' a Crocker,
Moore-s, English; Frances Child,
Franklin, Mathematics; James Van
UI‘LIII, Sclioliuric, Commerce; .1 -an
Wilcox, Addison, English, Social
Studies, Biology; Duic Sullivan, Ark—
porl, Social Studies. Libt'ni'y;-VIII-
cItII Combs, Itoxbury, Commerce;
.ic.tll Stnplcion, Monroe, French,
Social Studies; Clare Crecdon,
Strutford. Social Studies; Edna
Kirkpatrick, Hyde Park, Mathema-
tics; Mary Giovnnnicllo, Wnllkill.
Spanish, English; Gloria Rand,
Poughkeepsie, Junior High English;
Eugenia Iiarunowskl, .Icll‘t-rson. Eng—
lish, Library; Janice 'l‘odt, Mont—
gomery, Sociin Studies. English;
ltuth Seclbnch, Mtttiliussvl., Science;
Stclln MIIclnIrcu, Adams- Center,
itlnglish; lt'l'iilti'i‘h ’/.lnni, lnicrinkcn,
Connncrcc; lit-Hy Robertson, ltocs-
sch'illc. German, Science; Pnnl
Meadows, l.IIan'no, It‘rcnch, Social
Studies; Allt‘c J. Williams, Cuto—
l\'lcridinn, French, English, intiht;
Alice l’rintllt- Walsh, (Justlcton,
li‘l‘I‘llI'll, English, l.ll)i'ili'j'; Currie
Mills, Skuncuitlcs. .lunior lllj.',ll So—
I‘lill Studies; Shirlcy It‘orman, North
llotc. English; Hllll'li‘y Williams, Al—
bnny, 1.15M. Accountant; (.lrciehcn
Hurugc, thclcrviilc, English; Mur—
Ion Micl'nn’, llallslon Hpu, Junior

(Continuedoul’agcd, Jolumn 5!

it. F. control}. so

Pharmacists
Established 1005 Plume 41036
157 Central Ave.
ALBANY. N. Y.

 

Campus Queen June Youmans and her court—From left to right, the court includes: Elizabeth Adams.
Fay Richards, Jean Pulvcr, Earline Thompson, page Douglas Ormston, Albany Home for Children],
Queen June Youmans, Marion Furlong, Susan Pan ek, Audrey Koch, and Elaine Sawner.

 

Queen June Youmans Crowned During Traditional Ceremony;
Campus Day Climaxed As Court Presides Over Productions

It was the evening of Campus
Day. Even the class of ’48 had come
to see the 1947 Campus Day Queen
crown this year's monarch. The
suspense became greater and frotn
the audience catne scattered rendi-
tions of the class songs of '48. Then
a hush descended over the hall.
Last year‘s Queen Jane O’Brien
stepped from behind the curtains,
escorted by Seniors Pearl Pless and
Gloria Donnto and pages Mary
Eade and Elizabeth Cushing, Soph-
omores.

The Shire of the traditional
trumpets suinded and all eyes turn—
ed to the back of the auditorium.
From the darkened corridor emerg-
ed Julie Youmans, Campus Queen
of 1948. Robed In customary white,
she carried an armful of red roses.
Oh‘s and :‘h's crept through thcmu-
sic as the audience rose to welcome
Queen June to her waiting throne.
Little Doug Ortnston from the Al—
bany Home for Children walked
behind carrying the Queen's train.

As the procession advanced down
the aisle students applauded the
court which had been chosen. The
Queen‘s Senior ntiendcnts were
.lcan Pulver and Marion Furlong.

Munro Announces Installation

Of New Recording Machine

Jcmi Munro ’49,
of Music Council, has announced
that, the Council has installed a
new recording machine in the Mn—
sic Room This machine will be used
for iltc Music Hour, which is spon—
sot'cd by the Council cvery Tucs-
day it) Room 38 from 12 to 12:30
pm.

Miss Munro also announced that,
the old llliii'lillll‘ has been placed in
Room 26. A bulletin board will be
put up outside Dr. Charles Stokes‘
ol'lice next week. on which will be
posted the hours at which this illll-
chine will be available for use by
students.

President

BOULEVARD

198-200 (‘l'IN'l‘ltAll AVENUE

 

 

..-,......-. .... --. ........ --.........-..; ...... .-.--.-.....;.-.;.:

 

In the blue of ‘50 followed Audrey
Koch and Earline Thompson. Fay
Richards and Susan Panek, Sopho-
more attendants, wearing pale
green, preceded the frosh, Betty
Adams and Elaine Sawner, who
were In soft yellow gowns.

Queen June knelt to receive the
crown and to take her place In the
long line of State College Campus
Day Queens of the past. She ﬂashed
her royal smile for the photograph-
er While be snapped the picture.

When the curtain of the last skit
had come down, the strains of “A
Pretty Girl is Like a Melody" filled
Page Hall. The Queen left the stage
and started toward her beaming
husband sitting inconspicuously in
the audience. Campus Day was ov-
er.

 

Shoulders Sag, Faces Beam

in Commons Election Night

The political action committee
of State College sat around
the loud speaker Tuesday
night. and literally clutched at
the election returns coming in.
What with the mound of butts
in front, and the pile of doerd
garments back of the group of
students assembled, It's it won-
der they didn't wrap towels
around their necks.

“Here's another return from
Podunk, Nebraska" and the
faces lit up and the whisper-
Ing ccuscd. A few heads nodded
approvingly and more shoulders
saggcd a little. “It seems to be
. . it seems as If that man from
Missouri . . . foot the one who
composed the waltzl . but
the governor‘s In there fight-
lngi" . and there shall be
\vccping and gnashing of teeth.

"Oh, t'uro 'us the revel, and
well worthwhile. that made
thosc politicians smile."

But. all the time the tap. top
of the ping-pong ball was
heard. breaking the silence.

cArrrcnIA‘

PHONE 5-1913

“Ml‘ll‘l'i‘ AND EAT AT THE BOUL”

ALBANY,  ‘Y.

"iai‘i'iﬁrgL‘EVE 3 5 51:12:75? -" ‘

Offer Special
Playhouse Rates

Malcolm Atterbury, Producer-
Manager of the Playhouse has an-
nounced that students In schools in
the Capitol District will receive
special rates for any performance
at the Playhouse.

The evening performances. which
are presented Tuesday through
Friday, will be reduced to 75 cents.
All holiday and Saturday matinees
are priced at 65 cents. These prices
entitle the students to any avail—
able seat in the theater on the day
attendance is desired, upon presen-
tation of school identiﬁcation.

The list of forthcoming attrac-
tions at the Playhouse includes
“Kind Lady" which will run from
Novetnbcr 9-20; and “The Man
Who Came to Dinner," to be fea-
tured from November 23-Deccmber 4.
On December 7, “Ghost Train" will
make its first appearance, and will
continue through December 18.
Concluding this year‘s list of plays
will be “Milky Way", which will ex-
tend from December 27-January it.

All Proofs For Ped Pictures
Must Be Returned This PM

Marie Holt. and Mary Jane Peris.
Senolrs, (Do-Editors of the Peda-
gogue, have stated that all proofs
for pictures to be put In this year's
Pedagogue, must be returde to
the Hague Studio, Madison Avonuc,
by this nfternodn.

The cogcditot's urge that all sin—
dcnts cooperate so that photogra-
phy deadlines may be met.

\v- .133. 3"

Florist (9*

i
l
I

Corner of
ONTARIO & BENSON

DIAL 4-1125

COLLEGE FLORIST FOR YEARS

——~«Speciai Attention to Sororities and li‘raternitiesv—

an... .unn-n-a-nnuii-"I-uJ-ui-i-aH3;-JEI‘E‘EJEF;§ifiFin-7;;i‘;:ﬁ;-:E;;H"'HLi

~-M...ium-mw«-x»aaa-~awuw- ,-..,,l..s.-.»-.W«.«av«. I . e

ReligiOUs- “Clubs.
Schedule Party, '

Chorus Program ‘

RPI Group To Sing,
IZFA Reports Meeting,
Hillel Sponsors Social

This week Student Christian As-
sociation will bring the RPI Chor-
us to State; Hillel has scheduled a
social meeting; and the Intercolleg-
iate Zionist Federation of America
has submitted a report on the con,-
ference Its representatives attended
in upper" New York State. Two
members ’of SCA will attend the
State Freshman Conference at One;
onta.

According to Catherine Grant
’49, president of SCA, her organi-
zation will present the RPI Chor-
us for a program of varied musical
renditions Wednesday, in Page
Hall auditorium, at 8 pm. The pro-
gram ls open to the entire college.
and dancing In the Gym will fol-
low the performance.

Miss Grant states that proceeds
will be used to pay the transporta-
tion expenses for the chorus, and
also to increase the SCA confer-
ence fund. Jane Knapp and Barbara
Houck, Seniors, are co-chairmen of
the event.

The two freshmen members of
SCA to a‘tend the State Freshmen
Conference at Oneonta this week-
end are Virginia Adams and Ro-
berta Edwards. They will be ac-
companied by Jeanne Bowen ’50.

Hillel will hold its ﬁrst social
Ineeting this year Sunday at
the Tctnple Ohav Sholom at 2:30
p.m., according to Marvin Wayne
'49. president.

Wayne states that the purpose
of this meeting Is a general get—t0-
gether. and that there will be danc-
ing and refreshments. Guests will
be present from Albany Pharmacy.
Union, RPI, and Slcna.

George Kline ‘51, is in charge of
arrangements. and Paul Kirsch and
Carol Levy, Sophomores, have
charge of publicity.

Six State College students attend-
ed tiIc seminar of the Upstate New
York region of IZFA, held last
week at Snrntoga, according to A-
dele Gerow '50, president of the
State College Chapter.

FiI'Iy students from colleges in
that area attended the discussions
of the ideals of Jews in the world
today. reports Miss Gerow. Includ-
ed among the speakers were Rev-
erend Daniels. on the faculty of
Skldmore and Rabbi Kohn and
Mr. Ben linipcrn, both of New York
City.

These, siudcnis frotn State College
who attended were Ilse Glnckstndt
“19, Gloria Gould '50. Judith Oxen-
handler and Gloria Sliverstein.
Sophomores. Howard Grnber ’52,
and Miss Gcrow.

Classical Club Speakers
include Goggln, Wallace

Anna Olin ‘50, president of Clas—
sicnl Club. tInounccs the first meet-
ing of the club It' 7:30 pm.
’I‘ucsdtiy in the Commons. Speakers
of the evening will be Dr.
Dr. Edith Wuilncc. Assistant Pro-
fessor in Latin: and Miss Lois Wil-
liams. Instructor in Languages.
Each will give Illl ncount of her
trip abroad.

 

Greenhouse

“State” Representatives
JACK BROPIIY
GEORGE POULOS
WALT SCliiCK

l—a—g-a-m-uponnn—qu------—-'-----‘-—---ogpupp-

 

