sa'ruaoi'iv, MAY ,1, 1971 '1

Mr. Gellahed conferring with Father Mention and Mr. Hooversmlth

KICK IN THE ASP.

shortly before the beginning of the final session of the House.

 

IF you really wan 
the bail. to curve. put:

your two Fingers on
the laces .

 

An exerpt from the Albany Beagle:

Vietnam War:

Popularity Poll

After numerous observations, both here and else- Minutemen and other advocates of American vic-
where, 1 have been led to the conclusion that the tory there Would truly be cause for despair.

Vietnam War is not popular. It also seems that the

As things stand now we need only be very much

 

Armed forces are being overtly mocked and derided
on the campus. Reprehensible though these facts
may be, I take consolation in knowing that the true
American Spirit. which feasts on victory and abhors
defeat, will overcome and reverse this obscene and
disgusting trend which has been perpetrated by
left-leaning pinkos and ultraliberals.

To quote the New York Daily News, “The only
good Red is a dead Red." It is our task to eliminate.
by whatever means at our disposal, the Commie
Menace. They are everywhere. They are on the
campus, smoking pot and screaming for mandatory
tax. They are on TV and in the newspapers, trying
to flab our minds with Red dogma. They are even in
the Senate. Yes, friends, i said the Senate of these
United States.

Take Fooledright, Musty, and McGoonern for
instance. These and their ilk Would have this great
country lie down and play dead before a bunch of
mindless Red gooks. is this what this country is
made of? Jellyﬁsh? Washington and Jefferson would
cry if they could witness a Senate session or a
Commie-inspired domonstration on the steps of our
great Capitol. Were it not for the likes of the Very
Hon Sens. Buckley, Goldwater, Thurmond, the

PANIC 1400

Stuffed Toilet?

Out of Pills?

Coll 7—1400

Bad Grass?

Any Occassionl

maybe we can help you panic

alarmed. And watchful. As the Director of the FBI,
the Most Hon. J. Edgar Hoovrar has said, “We can
never rest, for neither do they.“ The choice before
wallowing in a welfare state and standing tall as
self-sufficient Americans should be obvious, but it
isn't dear friends, to some. The “some” are those
who would tax us into socialistic oblivion. Tax, tax,
tax, that's all they talk about. Well it's sick, sick,
sick, 1 say. We should haVe only defense taxes, so
that we can be militarily strong and free to live
without taxes (except for defense taXes, WM
r

So shout “Victory!” from the housetops. Victory
over Communism, Victory in Vietnam, Victory over
taxes (except defense taxes), Victory in the Senate,
Victory over subVersive activities! Think of what
America would be like without Americans: doesn't
it make you sick? Does it revolt you, fellow
patriots“? Doesn't it make you want to----

(ED. NOTE: At this point the author was over-
come with emotion and stabbed his left palm with
his Colonial America fountain pen, and was unable
to continue the column. it will be continued in our
next, independently funded issue. MITCHELL
llOARFROST EDITOR.)

 

You conceive, we relieve!

MIDSTATE
ABORTION
SERVICE

For a limited time only, get
the works for only $12.50.
Remember our motto:

“You nilw 'cm, We scrape
'cm; No [was can lical as!"

We are noted tor our discretion;
our clients privacy it always world
and. Ask my people who have and
our service. to complete list will be
supplied on requenJ

 
 
   

[AP Wirephoto]

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 2

 

1st Legislature Adjourns

by .l. R. Warnerbrothers

CLERK: The Speaker of the Assembly! All grovi-l
before His Majesty!

SPEAKER: This House is in session. Pass around
the attendance sheet. Mr. O'Shansky, this is your
third cut. Your are hereby brought up on inipi-ach-
ment charges. Mr. Gallaliadl

MR.GALLA1’1AD: Yes, Your Majesty,

SPEAKER: Would you please stop kicking those
school kids ovrr in the gallery? You'll have your
chance when a delegation from Albany State ('Unli'.

MR. GALLAHAI): Sorry, sir. The sight of kids
piqucs my wrath. I can. tell you sir, tlial the devil's
got them already. Eight-ycar-old sinners, lhcy an».

SPEAKER: Allright. Enough, you boob. Father
Seymour McBoozc will deliver the invocation, (‘u-n-
uflect, plcasants!

FATHER McBOOZE: O God who (lwolls in
heaven (hiring the slimmer vacation and spring
recess, deliver we poor Catholics from poverty.
Guide this Almighty Legislature with the ability to
see the light (and the votes) to grant us Parocbaid.
Otherwise, 0 Mighty Onc, you have my permission
to smite these 150 men at the polls. Amen.

SPEAKER: Cut the dribble, you knavc. The clerk
will proceed to today's business. 8111! 972,Mr. 1'.R.
Pigg, read the lust paragraph. You can read. can‘t
you?

CLERK: Duh, what'd he say.

JOE (Assembly Page [Ulfll If) sniulli'r llian
Clerk D'ya know how to litl-rato‘.‘

CLERK: Duh, yeah.

SPEAKER: Proceed, i’ool.

CLERK: (in a mumbch voice) An Act lo amend
the town law, to mandati- that any dcmonstralion
be dealt with by force.

SPEAKER: Read the last paragraph.

CLERK: To take effect yesterday.

SPEAKER: 'i‘hc "ayes?" The "ayes" bach il.

(.‘LERK: Bill I777. Concurronl l‘l'M)lllllUll in
amend llit' Bill of Rights to the stain Constitution
dclcting iill guarantees of freedom, i-xci-pl illust-
dcemed to preserve the genius of our t‘i'plllillt‘illl
institutions as determined by lhv (illVl'i'llUl',
Speaker, and Temporary President of the Si-nail-

SPEAKER: (.‘lcrk, don't bother reading lllt‘ last
paragraph. The bill is passed by Speaker's ll'ial.

MR. HOOVERSMlTll: Mr. Speaker.

SPEAKER: Mr. IlochrsmillL

MR. HOOVER-SMITH: l'tl like In iiili-rrupl llll‘
proceedings for a llillilltt' lo introduci- 2i! oclogi-n
arians from the Ami-Sin Society. 'l‘lii-y lll‘l' sil ling In
the Easl. (lallery. l‘m sure this House will I'Xlt'lltl ils
usual cordial bul phony wvlcomc.

SPEAKER: The House wclconn-s lllt‘at' gnllanl
crusaders. They might start wilh the Minorin
Li-adcr.

MlNORl'l'Y LEADER: You should live so long!

CLERK: Bill 696$). To amend the education law
to abolish the sale ol‘ smut, and bi- il resolved that
the Legislature slinll lallc custody of all .sllt'll
illiEI‘llturt' and material in the Slide (11' New York

MR. DELANCEY: Mr. Spl'lllit‘l‘.

SPEAKER: ()ii llll' bill, Mr. (ll' Lancuy.

MR. DELANUEY: Mr. Speaker, 1 urgc :iiloplion of
this bill. 1 come l'rom lln- Wi‘h‘lt'rll part of the hilllt‘
which is a long way from Albany. 'l‘lwri-i'orl-, l inusl
stay over in a hotel. Now, all of us know llial
Albany is less of a city than even Walorlown, So
what are We to do to hide our time? How many
times can you read the newspapers? 'l‘licrvl'oro, I
would like to offer an amendnient~thal tho lilcra
ture iind material ordained till smut be distributed to
the members«-il()"n to the inajorily members, ibi-
remainder to the minority. it's no big deal lo you
lluyli from New York City, blit it ain't l'Vt‘I‘y day
that us upstaters get such an opportunity!

SPEAKER: The Clerk will color that into lllt‘
record. Before we adjourn, l hawl ii few announce-
menta. All committee meetings are cancelled excepl
Rules of which 1 am chairman. We will take up the
“Mir” budgvt and any other matters We feel
relevant. The rest of you can go home. This session
is dismissed.

 

SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1971

 

 

KICK IN THE ASP ‘ PAGE 

 

 

American Males

Take Verbal Abuse

by [2. von Schncrck

America look a verbal hi-aling yesterday from one of England‘s
fort-most psychiatrists l)r. Joshua llici'i'r li-i'l no sloiil- iinlui‘nl-il in
lailnliiisting the American inalc as zi "Weak-knci-(l, llly'rllVl‘i'l‘ll.
simpcriiig Sissy."[\Illl'l'lt‘tlll WUHH‘H I'ari-ll no Iii-llcr, Willi l)r. llii-rcr
lcrmiiig lhi-In “pseudomcn " 'l'liv ASP loilay iiiiorvicwml |)r.
Bll'l'l'r in his London office.

7.]. von Schnorck: 1)I'. llicri-r, I'd liki' lo ‘-

Josliua Bicri-r: (iotldaniil, iiiioihcr l'rczik! llow llll' bloody llt'll I
can find lime to talk in bloody crl-liiis, especially from America.
is beyond me. i swear, if you try to kiss inc 1'” scream, you lilllc
twii.

Z,7..v.S.: Don't get uptight, Doc. Wc’ri- vr-ry inn-rusted in your
views back homo, so I wouldn'l do anything lo ruin this liilJ'I‘Vll'W.
Without your permission, anyway,

.l.B.: Something you won'l got from me, you spinc 'snot. The
trouble with American 111011 is that you're lllWlI‘. asking for
pcriiiissiini~fﬂim women! Yoli'vc gol to learn lo stand on your
own two ft‘i‘l. if you want something, don't ask, just lake It.
Assert your indcpcndcncc, nol dcpondcncv. Women will love you
for it; they'll fill1 all over you, Jack. l'IVl-n someone like you would
have to use a jolly broom to beat them back.

Y..7..v. .: i can ‘I say I'm too interested in lhal Iypc of woman.

.l,ii.' whal‘.’ lli-llo'.’ llah, welll i'iui'l say l'm surprised,
considering the likes of you. Any real man is oi'coin‘si- interested
in a humble, dovolud woman. None of this “Illa-ration" lwaddli-
or whatever the hell it is you dolls call it. Man is the boss, lll(‘
woman does his bidding. Why do you lllltllt l'Ivr was made from
Adam's rib, i-li'.‘ A woman is lllil' an appendix, i so)" when ll

 
 

 
 
 

  

 

l)" ‘ mics ii nuisance. got rid of it, if it's no llllllll‘l', li-t ll ri-miun.
' 7.\'.S.. i understand that in America when you made it speech
to that client you wr-ro suin-cl to an oscillatory bnrrngi- How do

J.ll.: Wliiil'.’

'/..7..v.S.: l\'i.'. ', Doclor, from the women in lhi- auiln-ncc. How
do you explain lhnl‘.’

.1.11.: l itShllllll' lllill llicy were lryiiig lo WI‘Jtlil'Il iny \\'Ill \villi
mush. Wl-II, llll‘ “clinging vniv" approach won‘l worl. will] [his
blokc. ()n the other hand, their lidiniralion may liith' lll'l'll
genuine, iliri-cli-(l zil one of lllt' l'ii'sl real men lln-y'vv i'vor si-i-n

Z.Z.V.S.: Are you marrii-d, Doctor?

J.li.: Nol at lhc moincnl, no

Z.Z.V.S,: Have you ever been?

.l.ll.: Well, yes, 8 bloody limi-s actually.

'/.,7..V.S,: Wolild you ('lll'l' lo ll'll why so many liiiii-s'.’

J.ll.: Simply l)('t'il|lst‘ they (lon'l listen in wlial l 11'” tlii-ni. 'l'hi-y
complained llll'll' salaries Wt't‘l‘ loo low, and often 1 came homi-
and llicy were not lllt'l‘t' l‘t'lt(ly to great inc. 1 was forced to fire
lhl-m, and lose my bloody lax deduction in lllt' provi'ss, i might

 

1

 

J

‘tlltl.
7..v.S.: Any advice for American nil-ii'.’

.l.li.: (lcl ()l'l' your knees, you sliivcling cowards! Arc you men or
niice‘.‘ Don't liiI afraid to liil ll woniiiii Il'sln- steps oiil of line. Lay
down the law and dump lll'i' il' silo balks.

Z.7..v,S.: ()in- final (pu-slion Ari- lllt'l‘l‘ any Americans you

 

i'cspi-i'l '.’

.l.ll.: Miirtlin Mitchell would make ll gi'i-iil man, but i can't very
well ri-spi-cl lll'l‘ iii-causi- 1 don't lliinli Sllt' isllii liii.()llii~r lhan that
lllt' only Anu-ricaii l respect is a iii-Wspapi-rniini 1 incl ()Vt'l‘ lllt'l't'
llllllll'tl ‘

74.71.\qu Z lliil'ni-ll Fowler?

.l.ll. You know him, ion"

     
  

   
 

THEY‘RE Gongs MAR"
70 LI E 0:!

I

DR. PFEFFER In: (one 3
To ALBANY! g
THEY‘RE GONNA m vs! ,;
AND g

Dr. Joshua Bierer. a leading British Psychiatrist recently returned to
London from a tour of the United States. said April 11 that American
women smothered him with hugs and kisses when he called their men
] bunch of weak-kneed, lily-Iivered Sissies.

[Al’ Wircplioto]

 

Yesterday’s News
Today

Buliibat. Zambezi (Nov. 16, 1970)—

Mango production in Zambezi is up 34% for the seventh year in
a row, the Ministry of Commerce announced today. Zambezi now
joins Mozambique as the world's leading mango growers.

Dombasile, ltaly (Nov. 12, 1970)—
Mount lmpellizzvri, a volcano just outside the village, has not
erupted in 167 years, townspeople noticed today.

Fungal, Nevada (Nov. 14, 197(1)-

Tliirtecn members of the American Society of Mycologists died
in Fungal Memorial Hospital yesterday. after having eaten
porlions oi' ’l'rnircrsn slicciili'nla a mushroom previously reported
to be edible. The dinner was in memory of 0.0, Travers,
discoverer of the new species, who (lied suddenly a liar his l‘ind.

Neutrino, Switzerland (Nov. 13, 197(1)—

Dr, P.P. Wl-lmori- ol' the Nuclear Research institute here has
announced [but his ill) years of Work on the Stepwise Linear
llnivcriatc Regression l’l’( ss (SLURP) is fruitless. “it's lapping
up too much of my time; 1 luch other things to do," the
lilllc-ltnown physicist remarked.

  
 

Albany, NY (Nov. 15, 1970)

Wall‘s Submarines, Inc. of this city today announced that new
security pri-caulion lo guard against (it-livery robberies on a local
college campus liich been unsuccessful. “We‘re using two armi-d
guards. plus a police dog, in an armored car and we're still getting
heal," moaned Joe N, Bigdom of llic I'irm. Bigdom simultaneously

 

announced a new minimilin tit-livery order of |()() subs.

 

 

 

Homi- | Inns iioin llii.i Hovoille lot .ill
lli‘l llli'llillr

1. Ron Rica—You and Patrick Henry
loved to gross me out in O'Haarioy's.

2. John Ouattrocki—Do you remem-
bor Mien you kissed me?

3. Jack Jordon—Do you still want to
sleep With every girl you meet at
O'Haaney's?

4. Warren Hulleomumbor when you
stoodina up?

5. Las Nawmark-Jira you still a
tee-totaler at O'Heanay's.

6.5mm Fuchs~Rumombar when you
gave me a him lol your apple) a
O'Haaney's. -

7. Tom (Squinty-oyosl Mullin—
Rememher when I opened your
Chain. drawer so you could whip out
your equipment?

8. Jim (Bat) Mastorson—What's the
matter ---- "did the seal break? (in
O'Hounay's)
l oan
llll-i oi (in: lwulvul yin.
(loin iosy (ti l J'I ll-niiuy‘s " loin.” llnoin)

 

 

 

Come see

PHI DELTA'S
gorgeous girls
at the

Slave Auotton.

 

 

 

— State Fair

‘W
LAST Wtitlx, NEXT WEEK, AM)“.

NEW ON WSUA Mo

\

 

mai‘CL‘JCliOﬂ “SQ; UFClCu
nghi oi lilclol'

(Ton/5M- Edam)
Joe 90 Slnslcs‘ (incl Albums if
“(his pasi {sempsir‘r
We ALL THE Prelim? (Mom

lie/Om th Moonshine C(ivl? tits/A71
at Kihdg 0C Goat Stall

lSTculasl slNMl‘AJUu.) Wm (Mao, 1H; 1,540) 3,553.,

SWMM. (aw, LYNN/w Dit‘scal]

 

 

 

ram
mmm 7 

klluiyai  1’

 

 

 

l
 CRABAPPLE jEWl.ERS
.,. l "' I)i(llllllll(l.\ are furrow; lml ,l'l‘“ "Us," WWI" “Ill

Lamas! collection of rhinestones in the country

 

 

PLUS: a spread (‘eccrdlagolv‘ Mute MmPPll'
Mains in a‘rmd ilwr scum.“ glad,

F 4‘7 ﬂ‘w/nzrf‘ymr/
Q) #0 war/- ypw haw/,4“
ti-

‘V’ ” “771w to Amp/m.

 

 

