 

pass 10

Ill. The Judicial Svstem— ,
its Purposes And Composition

A. Delegation of Authority: The President; As a
technical matter, the University’s charter usually
gives the power and authority over the educational
mission of the institution to a Board of Trustees.
They, in turn, assign certain powers to the president
of the University as the highest administrative
ofﬁcer. He, in turn, assigns execution ofjudicial and
administrative procedures to subordinate ofﬁcers,
faculty, and, increasingly, to students.

It will be presumed that the president will
normally sustain the ﬁndings and recommendations
reached by any hearing or appeal boards. Question
of those findings and recommendations might be
expected only when unusual circumstances or irew
evidenw present themselves. In such a case the
president would be expected to return ﬁndings and
recommendations to the appropriate board with full
comments of his own as to a need for reconsidera-
tion. After such reconsideration by the appropriate
board, a reversal by the president should rarely, if
ever, occur and should in sricli cases be fully
explained to the university comnimunity.

B. Clearing House.

1. Composition: In order to assrirc the effective-
ness and efficiency of this group, the following
composition is required:

a. The clearing house shall consist of 12 (twelve)
members of which no nrore than six will serve at
any one tirtrc. The members will serve on a rotatrrrg
basis, depending on the case load. and the basic
ratios of membership representation wrllrirr the IE
individuals selected wrll remain tltc same at all
times. If necessary, in times of heavy case loads. two
boards of six each should operate simultaneously,
Ofthese l3 members there shall be:

4 students (I graduate and 3 undergraduate)
appointed jointly by Striderii
Gradrrate Student Association

2 teaching facrilty chosen by the faculty

3 non-teaching faculty chosen by the faculty

3. classified service personnel [not including mem-
bers of the security force) chosen by the classified
service personnel

2 representatiVes from the university security
force chosen by the (‘hief of Security. 'l'lrcse
representatives Will serve as full voting members
except in cases related to criminal matters brought

Association and

to the ('Iearrng Ilotrse asst result of law cnlorrcrncnt
aclioii.

Membership Within each subgroup should be as
divergent as jittSSlIilCrﬂ'i idlord the greatest scope of
representation.

b. The Clearing House members Will he trrrrrlred by
the president of the univcrxrty ol their appointment
in April ol each year for a term beginning in
September. lurch appointed nierirlrcr shall wire
for one two-year term. \\llll Irall ol the membership
in each category changing each year No person may
serve for t\to consecutive terms, I’iovision should
made in
iix-rncnibcr grorip to be available to trirrctrorr tllll rrrg

also be April ol each year lui one

the summer months No member may scrvr‘ coir-
conritantly as a member ol the ('lcirrirrg House and
is a member of any lreariirg or appeal boardts‘

_. Nature. The lr'nivt'rt'iii' I)i.\t'l]lliiruri' ('Ii'uring
Home shall serve lire following functions:
a. 'lo distribute rclcrral forms to any indivrdual

’ who desires to file Ctilllplttlllh or charges against a

university corirrirrirrrty rncrribcr. and to assist that
iridivrdual in completing the forms.
I). To be the central “clearing Irrrirsc‘

tor tIisprIt~
nary limiters. to receive rclcrial lornrs. .rrrd to
determine the appropriate relciral route In addition
to rorrtrrig referrals through such hearing boards as
those noted in this document. the ('learing llotisc
may also refer cases or complaints to other unr-
vcrsity offices. to the chairman iii a department. to
any exrstnig grievance ctrtllttilllL‘L‘. or to the Uni-
versity 'l'ralfic Appeals ('omnrrltce

c, To revrew all security reports Irrrwiirdcd to n by

.lllt.‘ Director of Security. and to determine which

 

reports warrant university adjudication.

d to review all incident LtilllllllllllLrllltlll lrrirns
forwarded to it by university offices. and ltr
Jeterrrririe which reports warrant university adjudr.
.‘iititiii

e. lo initiate with the appropriate ullicc. organi/a—
tion. or individual any additional investigation. or
interview any additional person in order to reach it
decision on disposition ol any incident under review

by the ('Icririrrg llouse

  

 

. . . JUDICIAL PROPOSAL

f. To refer to a university disciplinary system
hearing board or other adjudicatoiy body any case
requiring university adjudication, regardless of addi-
tional pending action (c.g., criminal court).

g. To refer the complainant to appropriate courses
in taking other action when the case is considered
by the complainant to be too serious to be handled
only within the university.

h. To be the pre-hearing body in any serious or
emergency case in which interim action might be
necessary before a formal hearing, or where a
determination must be made as to wiretlrcr the
university should be taking action in a corirt of law
acting with the hearing board to keep the university
community informed about tliejudicial system.

3. Procedures:

a. Within five working days of receipt of the
reports noted in c and d above, the Clearing House
shall have corrrpleted its review and rendered a
decision, in writing, to the appropriate individuals.

b. If such a decision includes the need for
university adjudication, the Clearing House shall
forward the completed referral forms to the appro-
priate hearing board.

c. Within three working days of the receipt of all
referral forms noted in 2b. above, the Clearing
House shall forward the case to the appropriate
h ‘aring board.

d. In all severe or emergency cases requiring a
pre-lrearing, the ('leariirg House shall meet as soon as
possible. If it cannot Itht'l within 4X hours of the
iirciderii. irrtcriiir action should be taken by the
Director of Security or his designec. With the
preliminary hearing to be held as soon as possible
after llris (See Section l||l-'. part Hi), In instances
where action is takeir prior to a pre-lrcariiig. the
prirpose of the pre-hear’rng would be to review the
action
fur thcr adjudication

e The ('lear'rng Ilotise \vrll riot serve as the
IllL‘illIMEl (if gltlllp

taken and to decide upon the need for

referring body when another
Within the university community is willing to fulfill
this role. It may. however.scrvc this function In the
absence ol strcli a person or group. when adjudica—
tron is seen as necessary by the ('learrng House. It
may also cosigir a referral form. with the knowledge
of the referring body. when appropriate. In cosign-
rrrg a referral form. the clearing house shall be
considered to be acting In the riarrre of the llllt-
versity,

I Some cases \rrll be referred by an individual or
group ol rndrvrduals nidcpcndcnt of ('lcarrng llousc
IL'VIL'W til cosignature and \tittlt' “Ill be rcvrcwcd or
rclcrrcd by the ('Icarrug llousc. Iioth types of cases
shall receive cqtial treatment by the adjudicating
body or the appropi talc channel.

g. 'I'hc fact of pending or completed court action
til known) on any ol ilic prrriiary p.i|l|r‘\ related to
.i rase should be lorryarderl \\lll| Ilic casc rctcrral
ltillll for consideration by HIV adrudrcatrng body or
other appropriate channel.

»I ()norrirn: At least
present at .rll times in order for the ('lcarnrg llorrsc

three members riiirst be
to operate A I} role of those members [It
illlt‘titldllt'c ix tlL‘r‘tIctl Irii lllr‘ rIL‘L't'plrttlt‘r' til .ttl)
tittrlioli

ﬁ. ()llicers Illr‘lr' shall bcchoscri irto members ol
the (‘Icar rug House to chair the Illr'r‘llllg\ trir catlr of
tlic tuo groups which \rtll opt-rare throughout the
year Ilic clraunrcn \\lIl lie rcsprirrxrblc lor all
operations ol the Hearing House. and shall scric in
the capacity ol chairman tor one year only,

t”. l 'nr'rrersiir' Hearing Ilourtl.

| Nature: l'lris board c\ists to .Itlllltlltrllr' rhargcs
lodged against sIurIr-nt members ol tlu- unncrsity
community It shall be the highest strident hearing
lioard III the judicial \vslcrn. It also scrrcs as Ilic
appeal board tor all lotrer boards tltv sropc rrl
rcvrcu on appeals rs tIt'\r'llI)L‘tI in Section IV. litr) In
addition. the Uriryr-rsity llcariirg Iloaid has original
jurisdrriion oyci disriplrnary matters ni\o|\ing .iIl
llllltct\ll_\ ttlllllllllllll) members on university-
ruined or operated propcitt. c\ccpt for those cases
liaittllcrl by any Irmcr boards or other appropriate
l‘t‘LII\'\

\\hcn trolalroir oI Illr‘ Rules .irid Regulations tor
the Maintenance ot l’ulrlit ()rdci lr.r.\orcurrcd. the
l‘nrvcrxrly llL'rlllll)’ Iloairl shall be tlrr' Ircaiing body
and shall tollovy Ilic \lir‘rlllt protcrlurcs as statcd Ill
tlrc Rules and Regulations tor the Iicarrngol sutli

Link‘s

3. ('oiirposition: In drawtrrg together the Icpru
scnlalion described below. the board vvrll assemble .i

borra lide cross-section of the university com-

munity.

The board will consist (if 18 (eighteen) members,
of which nine will serve at any given time. The
members will work on a rotating basis, and the basic
ratios of membership representation within the 18
individuals selected will remain the same at all
times. Ifnecessary, in times of heavy case loads, two
boards of nine each should operate simultaneously.
Oftliese 18 members there shall be:

12 students (3 graduate and 9 undergraduate)
appointed jointly by Student Association and
Graduate Student Association

2 teaching faculty chosen by the faculty

2 non-teaching faculty chosen by the faculty

2 classiﬁed service personnel chosen by the classi-
fied personnel
Membership within each sub-group should be as
divergent as possible, to afford the greatest scope of
representation.

The board will be appointed in April of each year
for a term beginning in September. Each appointed
member shall serve for one two year term, with one
half of the board changing each year. No person
may serve for two consecutive terms. Provision
should also be made in April of each year for one
nine-member group to serve during the summer
months. No member may serve concomitantly its a
riieniber of the Hearing Board and as a irrember of
the Clearing House or other hearing or appeal board.

3. Quorum: At least six rnerirbers must be present
at arty time in order to corrdrrct business. A vote on
disciplinary action also requires the parlicipatiori of

   
 

sis mcnrbe

4. Office : ’l‘he Iii members \vrll choose two of lls
membership to serve as chairmen of the hearing
boards. The chairmen slrorild serve not rrrorc than
one year in that position. Their responsibilities are.

a. lastablislring the calendar for hearings

b. Notifying all persons to appear at ilre hearing.
including other board members

c \Vi‘itrng all decisions or delegating :lie rcspoirsi»
brlrty to another boirrd member

d. Signing all decisions

c Following up on all crises as necessary

f I’rcsentrng orientation sessions each year for
new members

g. Acting "long with the ('leriring Ilorrs'e. keeping
the university corrnnunity informed about the
judicial system

b. Initiating changes in the systcrir ris needed

'llicrc should also be .r tirll-trinc \L‘tlr‘lill} \tlro
sli.i|| scrrc Ilic hearing hoard arnl Ilic appr‘rrl briarrl
'Ilic secretary shall maintain all records concerned
wrtlr the disciplinary systcrir. and shall assist the
various chairmen of any hearing body or other
appropriate cliririncl wrtlr any correspondence rc-
latcd to the boards

I). ( 'nii't'rtiii' sill/NW] Iioortl

l Nature Ihc University Appeal lloaid Irr-ars
appeals on \Itltlr'lll cases from the University llciir-
rirg lioard [appeals front lower student hearing
boards must first be heard by Ilic University
Ilearrng Iioard before they can go to the University
Appeal lloard) It “I” also hear appeals frorri any
other source r'\cr'pl in cases \tlrerc one of the
campus bargaining units Iras already begun formal
.L‘llﬂillls'c proccrlurcx in accord \vrtlr provisions ol
their contrarr and the Iaylor law It Irasno original
jurisdiction lit'r.lli.\t' it is the lriral arbitrator iii
matters ol campus. it should be highly sensrtnc to
and rrll‘rlhlt' it weighing the interest of the person
\tlro li.r~ appealed \yrrlr Ilic interests ol the institu-
tron. .rrrd should be representative of the various
\cgrncnls ol [Ilr' tiiii\cr\rly community

I t'orripoyilirru Ilic l‘tll\r‘l\ll_\ Appmj “mud
shrill consist til
i \llldr‘tlls (l
appointed

graduate and 3 undergraduate)
joint!) In Strident
(iradriare Student Axsoriatron

Association and

Itcachrng faculty chosen by the I.I\llII)
Inon-tcarlmrg larulty tllUWll by the [audit
lrlrissrlrcd \L'|\ltl‘ personnel rlroscn b\ the classr
lied service personnel I

Airy other persons (up to three additional pro-
visional members) iiray be added to the University
Appeal Iloaid tor spy-tun r'rtst‘s as .r rna|oiity ol tlic
hoard deems netcssary Suth additional persons
might be named II the case. lor example. requirr \
the kiiowlcrlge' iii an r‘\pctl in a particular area. or it
the rndrvrdual lodging the appeal tomes lroirr .r
constituency wrtlrrn the university \VItltll is not
adequately represented on the appeal hoard.

.l. ()uorum. leiin ol ()lltce. Votrrig procedures
and other procedural questions should lollow the
same guideline as tor the University llcrirrng Ilorritl

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1971

E. Other Student Judicial Bodies

Other student hearing bodies will be recognized as
they demonstrate that they are needed 811d can
contribute signiﬁcantly to the disciplinary process
within the university. Organizationally, these boards
would fall below the University Hearing Board and
would rise the latter as an appeal bOdyo They wou'd
deal with cases falling within their areas ofjurisdic-
tion and would nrete out other than ofﬁcial
uirivcrsity sanctions (see Section V). In cases Where
official university sanctions are seen as being appro-
priate, these boards Would recommend SUCI‘ "CH0"
to the University llearrrrg Board.

Each board desiring recognition and inclusion
witliiir the university disciplinary system should
submit its constitution to the University Hearing
Board for approval. Included should be the irattrre
of the board. jurisdiction, sanctions. membership.
quorum. and other procedures. Once a lower board
is recognized, the ('leaiing House can begin to refer
all applicable cases to the new board. Some exam
ples of boards which may want to use this provision
would be traffic Violations court. and the hall and
quadrangle boards.

I”. The Univerxi/y Security [force

The question of lllr‘ rule and function of the
university security ton-r- is of primary concern in
developing a university tlt\clpllltili'y system. Though
there are nrany lillilll\\\r'li'dtjllCSllUilS related to this
topic there are \oiiir‘ definite principles which must
be followed in order tor the disciplinary system to
be successful

I. While responsible I-ir enforcing state laws. the
university securrt\ llrltt‘ is also a part of the
university community rr'sptillsllilc to the president
of the university

I. In "ic \vrtlr [lily rcy‘ptitlsllilllly. the security
force must act Ill .rctrrrrlarrce wrtli the principles arid
goals of the nnucrsriy including the support arid
use ol its disciplinary \)\|r'lll.

3 With these |‘|ll|rl|)lr'i iii mind. the followrng
guidelines must be trillorir-d whenever a member of
the university tornrrrurrrry is found to he allegedly
violating a lllll\'r't\lly regulation and ii security
officer bccoiries llI\t)I\I.'rI \\l[l] that incident:

a. If the rirlraclrorr Ii r truly a felony. the accused
rrrrrst be arrested at lllr' direction of the director ol
security ol Ill\ rlcsrgirn'. and at the satire tune a
report should bc Irlr~r| \\llll the University t'lcartng
llotisc

b. If the rutrarlrorr lll.i‘- lir'a irrrsdenieaiioi or less.
one ol the lollortim rwions should be taken in
consultation \\i|Ii irr- u‘l't'ltii or security of his
dcsrgnce

l ) no action orlrr-r tlr.rr. .r\\itlllll|j1

.‘l the L.I\L‘ nr.r\ Ilr' aimed to the University
('lcariirg House to: .rjtl‘rlpllttlr' action

.1) II the IlltIl\ltllt.tl lt'llht’s to identify Irrnrsell or
ccasc his (ICIIHIIt‘s .rlttl rrt'aiiurrg has no effect. the
security officer rn.r\ rrr.rkr' .iir arrest.

 II the nrtr.rrtrorr mid range in gravity hour a
lelony to .r rrrisdcurr‘.rr.rtl. the case should be
iclcrrcd to the l uucrsriy ('learrrrg lIouse lot a
derision as to \\ltr'll)t'l '!tr' case should be taken
'rrlllllltlly In the event that

or t convene to review Ilic

outside Ilic llltlrr‘lslH .r
the (‘Icaring Ilorrsr-
rncrdcnr .rrtordrm- I~ r‘r Ilillr' parameters estab-
l|\lIr‘tI ItI Scrrrorr Hill “at dltr'r'lor of security or his
dcsrgnce slltrtlltl llsr' Iri- rrt‘rr discretion in deciding
r.'.’on otllsitlc Ilic universin

 

upon the question rrl
L‘ti]]][llll|l|l\ \yrlli lltt‘ rrrrrrcutarrding that a rcvrevt ol
the rrt\t‘ \\.|II lIr' .orrrlrr.r.‘rlb.\' the ('lcaruig House at
[Iic r‘aillcst prrssll‘lr’ lllli“

d [tr-r Isltiiix rilr .rr rrrrrr I” be taken by the director
limit to .i ('Icaring llouse
rcvreu should lie irrrr-rrrr' ‘llll light ol precedent set
In past ( It‘.llllt_i’ IIolP-r' “New-

.1 |,r “rd-s \\Itr'tt' .r rrrrtrr‘l’tll)‘ romrnunity member

of scrrnrly til Ills tli'\|"l "

has t.|ll\t' to lorh'r' I “‘“l‘lilllll against a \ecurrtr
oltrrcr lIIt' Ii|.i|lr‘r rr..rr r'r‘lrlnught to the ('learrng
Il||ll\t' Ior tr‘lt‘tldl or W Illdlvulual may bring the
matter to [lie .illr‘lrlrrrt‘ rrl the director of \L'tllilH

i' |.rtrrtr\ _ \la" _ir1 l rrrtlly Student Association
l'.lrll oI tlrcsr- r-iorip- Ir “"IIHII their orgaiir/ationy
.r rrrctlrorl Ir rlt'.iirlrr' \\r"'\"’”ll‘lairils against then
u rll

tori\t|ltit‘ii|\ ~""“ “H‘UIVIIig romplarrrrs
.rgarnsl rnrlrtrdrraf \ttlllllr IllL‘W )Iltillps_ rm (1“, my
lllrtl\t' ryrll .i\\t*.l rlrr- tlul‘lkludl \\'l\Itlttg to lodpr- .r
rornplarnt in Int ililr.‘ llrr' ltppropririte channel lor
jitll\li|lij.' tlrc rrrrnplrrrrr

iv ntri- Him [85 berm“)
.‘l. I'llt' .Im/ir-m/ \r'iii'ltl

I “cum”: t'rrrrr-rlrrm l'" Student ridjridrcaiory
bodies are dcstrrbr‘rl I‘VI‘M‘ A) Ii“ “5 Ilic 'l'rrvlor

. awqu»

 

 

 

JUDICIAL PROPOSAL

Law permits, these procedures should also be
followed in hearing cases involving any other mem-
ber of the university community.

a. The calendar for hearings shall be fixed by the
chairman of the Hearing Board after consultation
with the individuals involved Iii the proceedings.
The chairman shall have the discretion to alter the
calendar for good cause. The date for the hearing
shall be set no later than three working days after
the receipt of the referral forms, and the hearing
itself shall take place no later than ten working days
after receipt of the forms.

b. The hearings shall he conducted in such a
manner as to do substantial justice. and shall not be
unduly restricted by rrrles of procedure or evidence
(see Section IV. A5).

c. The charges and evidence shall be presented by
the complainant and/or.. if the university is the
irrjrired party, by a person designated by the
president of the university to serve such a function.

d. The Hearing Board may address questions to
any party to the proceedings or to any witnesses
called by either party or by the board itself. Any
party may request the cross examination of other
parties. The chairman may rise his discretion and
limit the riunrber ofwilrreseses to be heard.

e. The Irearirrg shall be private if requested by the
person charged. or by the corrrplaiuirnt l\\’llll stif-
ficient reason). or if disruptions of the proceedings
require it (see Section IV. iii).

f. Right to counsel' See Section IV. Iil

g. A rccor d shall be tirade of all proceedings at the
hearing L‘Vccpl lliai. on order of tlic clrarr'rriirir.
procedural matters may be discussed in esr'cutrve
session. [his record \liall be available trrrder the
supervision of the cliatrriiair to all parties at the
hearing. The deliberations of the horrid after the
formal hearing of the case shall not be recorded.

It. The
srrltatron with the
whether a srrimnattorr of one or more itspt'cts’ of Ilic

cliarrriraii shrill tlL‘lt‘lltllllt‘. after coir-

paitlcs to the proceedings.
case would be helpful to the board.

i. No appearance at ii hearing. see Section IV. liﬁ.

j. The board shall write a report containing the
decisions of the board and the reasons for those
decisons. and Irave tlicnr tirade available to the
parties in the case.

k. When two or irrorc people are jointly charged
wrtli tlrc sanrc alleged infraction. their hearings Will
be held jointly [l-Accssivcly large numbers ol
violators may . in the judgment ol the hearing board.
icopaidi/c the lanucxs .irid impartialin of the
hearing. In \llr'll cast-x ilic board may conduct
several hearings in order to reduce llrr' number of
cases heard at one time and iii order to rcstorc
lanncss and irrrparirzrlity to the hearing procedure )
ll one or more of these individuals desires it prrvalr-
hearing while the othcits) dcsrics .i public hearing.
the hearing wrll rcmarir a pm” onc \\lIll tlic publrt
being excluded lionr [lime portions of Illr' hearing
irivolviirg those persons dcsnrug the closed hearing
(Sec Scctroir IV. I”)

2. I'r '—lit'uring I )ixt'i'plinori- .‘lr'lion

One of the problems which mixes in .i university
t|i\crp|rnary system is the use ol pic licrnrug rlistrp
lrnary action In general. Ilic lollouiug principle
\vlirmld hold in rlctcrrrirning .rny pic licarrng .rt
tron Ilic llltll\'ltlll.ll.\ statin on campus should not
be .rltcicd c\ccpt \rlicrr that person's status rc-
prcsciils a danger to lll\ orrn salctv and \chI being.
or to the salcty and well being ofothci students.
laculty.oi unrvcisiiy property

In any case “here pir- lrcairng .iriion is seen as
necessary or at least as possible. the alleged violator
should be given IIlr' opportunin to be inlormcrl ot
the ollr'nsc. ol the j)|i\\|I)lIII_\ ol pic Ircaimg .iclton.
.iiid be permitted to lllttlvt‘ .r \l.|lt‘lllr‘l|| before any
decision is made A tIt'I.l|It'tI dcni.r| ol Ilic ollcnsc.
supported by names of \\|Ittt‘s\r's would probably
rcqurrc Iurtlir-r lilu‘sllgttlltill

III the case of our tIl\t'lj)llll.tl\ s\\lt'|l|. thr' ('li'arrng
House would Iunctron .\ the preliminary hearing
body in .rll rascs. t‘\t’t'jil \\thI .r quorum of that

board ramiot \tlll\t‘llt‘ \\||Il|l| tlrc Irmc paiarricicrs
spcrilrcd in Scrtron III. I) Iii ll|l\t.t\t'. pic hearing
.rcltou would be taken urllr Ilic pic licairug itscll to
he Irclrl as soon .t\ possrlilc

lhesc guidelines pertain also to those violations ol
civrl or criminal l.i\\. other than Iclonrcs. ru \rlrrclr .t
dclcrmruairon must be made .i\ to \\llr'lllL'| the
accused should be .nrr'sicrl in addition to being
relcricd Wlllllll the university disciplinary system

.i‘. Double Jr'o/irirtli'

Unlawful action slrorild not preclude or mandate

     

disciplinary action by both the university discip-
linary system and the courts of law. The focus,
rather. should be on the most effective way of
dealing with the individual(s) anolved. Since the
same act may violate both university regulations and
the laws of other jurisdictions, both the courts and
the university have the right to adjudicate such a
case. This is not double jeopardy. Double jeopardy
occurs only when the courts of a given jurisdiction
try a person more than once for the same violation.

The university's concern is not dorrblejeopardy in
such cases. but rather a concern for unnecessary
duplication of punishments. Unless the interests of
the university or of any riienrber of the university
are implicated iii sortie way. prosecution should not
trike place within the university. The university
should also avoid employing diverse channels of
action where there has been essentially one offense.
if tlial one offeirse can be handled effectively by the
University Hearing Board.

4. The Transcript

A record shall be made of all proceedings of the
hearing. except as specified by the chairman (see
Section IVA, lg). In the event that a written
transcript of the record is requested by either the
defendant or complainant leg. for the purpose of
preparing an appeal). the cost of such a transcript
shall be borne by the individual rrrakirrg the request.

5. Rules of Evidence

Although rules of evidence need not be followed
in university disciplinary hearings. it is suggested
that standards of relevance and materiality be
maintained in order to preclude the utrli/alron til
riirrcliablc inforiiralrou. l‘he hearing board must base
its decision on substantial evidence. and only on
evidence presented during the hearing. In keeping
\ytth ilre standard ol lundarucutal f.|ltllL‘\.\‘. it is
acceptable to permit clraigcd persons to testify
concerning iiroral justifications. motives. arid rea-
sons lor their acts. in order to assist in the
detciirrinatrorr of the appropriate sanction.

Airy past infractions which are on record Within
the files of the hearing board arid/or presented to
Ilic board during the hearings or the deliberations
by he used to determine the sanctions which arc the
most to tire charges for which in
rndivrduril has been brought to the lreainig.

Ii. I'nhlit'ulion tij'l)r't'i.vion.v

Once a decision has been rrradc by a hearing board.
must be made

appropi talc

the results ol Ilic proceedings
available in tuning to the defendant. \\|Ill copies
available to the corrrplarnanr :rird to .my other
persons who took part in lIlr' hearing of the case
Airy member oi the hearing board or ll]1j)r‘;lll)t)t|ltl
may attach a minority report to the lrrial rcpoii ol
the board. Such minority reports. along With the
final report. may be used by the complainant oi
dclendanl in developing an appeal

ercic .r hearing is open to thc public. any
interested coriiinurrily members or groups may vrctr
.i copy ol the decision. However. it shall be Within
the power til the hearing board to determine the
\rtIItIlI) of llltIIIVt'\ lor IL'qllr'\ls of results of the
hearing. .rrid to have the power to kccp confidential
lioin Ilic ptrblrc .rrry information \\’IllLIl ll lccls will
comment with the

lit)! liL' llsr'd Ill rl Illilllllt'l

prrnriples oi Ilic judicial system An C\.llllltlt' oI

cncurusirinrcy \rliich iiirglit lead to .r decrsrin to
tr'slllr'l tlic .r\.rrlalility ol information Would be .r
r'tl\t' arises in \IIIt'Il icslinrony rcvcals highly confid-
critial rirlormatron related to psychological problems
oI Ilic involved nnlr\rdti.ilts) l’ublic acccss to these
tarts could orin be tlt‘llllltt‘lll to the llitll\’ltllllll(\l
t'tititr'ltlr‘tl

l’criodrr notice should be distributed throughout
the university \Illlltlg lIlr‘ results of recent hearings
llrrs rnlorinatron should lx‘gencral. grrnrg no names
iIIItI only llrr' lypcs ol r‘usr‘s .irid lllt‘ Ir‘sttll\ lllt‘
purpoxc for publication til this inloniation I\ to
IlIItIllll Ilic tiiiivt‘lstly coririiitlitlly .is to the Workings
ol the iurlrrral system

7. Ul/lt‘r Recognized I‘l‘llt't‘t/lll'l‘i for slt/lllt/I‘t'lllltlll
oj ('ntct

Pursuant to the laylor Iiiw.llrt~ Irrllowrng pertain

.r |.rrult\ members. or professional stall not iii
the tlasxilicd service of lllr' r‘l\'ll service charges ol
nusrondurt in violation ol lllr' rrrlcs ol the lllll\'r‘lr
heard. .rilrl determined H

\II\ shall be made.
.rttoitlancc with l'itlc l) rrI l’irrt UH ol the Policies
ol the ltoard ol lrristccs I‘lroyc found guilty of
misconduct may be susbjcct lo drsnussrrl or tcrnun~
.rtion ol employment or such lesser disciplinary
action as the facts may warrant rrrclridirrg suspension

\Vlllltllll [lily (ll L‘t‘llhlllC.

PAGE 11

b. Staff members in the classiﬁed service of the
:ivil service: charges of misconduct in Violation of
the rules of the university shall be made. heard and
determined in accordance with Section 75 of the
Civil Service Law. Those found guilty of miseoridtict
may be subject to the penalties ,prescribed in said
section.

Any other faculty or staff member of the univer-
sity community found grrilty of misconduct by a
recognixed university hearing body shall be dis-
missed, suspended, or censured by the appointing
authority prescribed in the Policies of the Board of
Trustees.

For all procedures as recognized above by the
university in the adjudication of crises. criteria for
due process as outlined in Section IV must apply.

I). The Individual

I. The Right to Council

Any individual charged with misconduct has the
right to be advised at the hearing by anyone of his
choice. including a lawyer. but he must represent
himself. To have an advisor or a lawyer speak for
any parties concerned with a case would escalate the
nature of the hearing to something approximating a
legal trial. Because the lieariirg is being conducted
within the university by a community Irearing body,
and riot in a court of law, the speedy and informal
characteristics associated with the hearing are pre-
fcr'red over a legal atmosphere The system is not
intended for legal adversaries to rise as a “battle
ground" but for members of the same cornmtrnity
to decide what is best for the accused and for the
community. 'lraincd. paid attorneys would add
little to this.

The University llcarrng Board Will attempt to
rirarrrtarrr a file of faculty and staff as well as
interested students. who would be willing to assist rt
complainant or defendant in any case which comes
before the hearing bodies. Srrclr advisors. like
lawyers. have the reiglrt to be present during a
hearing. btrt as in the case of lawyers, will not be
permitted to speak for either coirrplarriaiit or do
fcirdant.

This restriction on lawyers and/or advrsors within
the hearing itself in no way restricts the right to
counsel and representation outside the hearing
ltttiill.

2. Self I Ilt‘rllli iliolion

Arr irrdivrdual has the right at it
disciplinary hearing not to incriminate himself. and
Ire may rroi be punished solely for asserting this
rrglrt. In claiming the riglrl to refuse to answer
questions. the rndrvtdual is asserting his right not to

university

tIIsr'ltrsr‘ rulorirralroir \tluclr could be used to incri-
rirnratc hirnscll further.

.i’. I'rirvui' and I’iIli/ic Ileurings

Asa general rule. hearings slrorild be open to any
member ot the university community. In asserting
this stance. Ilic tirirversrty is acknowledging the
validity of public hearings when they insure obsere
vets that justice is done. when more university
conirirunrty irrenrheis may view the judicial process.
when community members may make comparisons
between cases. and when possible suspicions ol
special treatment andor prejudice are tested.

Although hearings are generally open to the
public. requests for press coverage by local news
media should be directed to the hearing board for
approval. In general. still or television cameras.
lights or electronic recordings Will not be permitted
durrngany hearing. public or pilVlllL‘.

The hearing board begins. Ilrcn. wrtlr the assump
tion of .in open hearing It can proceed to change
this in View of one or more of tlic following
L'tlr‘lllltslilttt‘r‘s'

.i. the arciiscd requests II.

b 'Ilre complainant requests lI twrtlr sufficient
reason)

c disruptions ol the proceedings require II.

'I he closing of the hearings to the public would in
each case be ordered only when needed to insure a
lair and impartial hearing. It is vital llrat the rights
rrf cooperating conrnnrnrty members be preserved.

-I. Group IIcori/Igs

It is recommended that group hearings beheld in
titst‘s where .i number of indivrduirls are involved in
the satire .rllegcd riifractroii. and where the facts ol
irryolvcriierrt are identical (iiorrp hearings are favor-
ed under these specific circumstances in order to
assure greater objectrvuiy on the part of the
members of lllr' hearing board. The provision guards
against a tendency to use the first case as a
precedent in hearing the other cases which follow.

 

 

