 

 

  
    
       

  

‘.3.

V *. _‘
WHAT'S WHAT WE NEED I—- A GOOD WAR To KEEP OUR MINDS OFF OUR TROUBLESI'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

\U 
x ' ,2/ / t
W

   

 

   
          
         
      
 
 
   
  
       
   
    

  
 

 

' ‘ Library, having to do with the
markedly increased use of books . ‘ i
and other library services during Th" “Mk life!“ 0' 1'“: m?"
my current yum: Ammugh [he eerning circulation of materials in
Librarian, Mr Rutherford Rod‘ “‘0 Lihrilf." “"0 1h“ 1"”0W‘htl3
G d I gers, speculated at considerable I. the policy of making personal
   length on the reasons for the reserves complicates the check-in
increased use, the operative elc- ol‘ all books and slows it down,
ment of his artich- was the dis- since it is necessary to check all
Dem" S!“ cussion of the actual increase. cards for possible personal re-
In regard to the recent denial of namely, some 66%. Here we have serves before any books are re-
tenure to Assistant Professor calculated our increase as approxi‘ turned to the shelves;
David Goodman I as a student at mater 60%. '2. a policy of renewal causes the
S.U.N.Y.A. would like to express Needless to say, this increase has same problem, since it is patently
my opinion. I feel that it is placed considerable strain upon unfair to renew u book if there is,
imperative that students have a the operations of the Library. a personal reserve on it, Under
right in the say to the retention or especially of Circulation. Library normal stuff circumstances, the
dismissal of faculty. users are taking out many more Library should be abn- both in
I feel too only the Students who books and seem to be returning renew and to make personal re-
take courses taught by that pro- serves. In the present circum-
fessor are proper judges. As a stances, it is harle a question of
student in one of Dr. Goodman‘s “either or." I would be interested
cIassesI feel competent enough in in sampling student opinion on
expressing my opinion both fairly temporary abandonment of both
and honestly. of these services, in the interest of
Professor Goodman's ﬁbiiiiyttsu getting the books back on the
scholar thﬁ ludlted by his Peel’s 1" sheIVcs at the earliest possible
be deficient While his iGCl-urihl! moment after their return. With
ChPﬂhiiiW W115 “lied UhIY “5 Com' the new double cards, which have
Pewm- I ﬁnd Professor GOOd‘ been delayed because of the
man‘s ability as a scholar very . necessity to put them out to bid
much bEl-lt'l‘ lhﬂn mul‘y (’IhL‘I‘  O  and to accept the lowest bid, we
professors Who have ’0“de “3” will be able, ideally at least, to get
ure. I “ISO Peru-4V0 hi5 lecwrihﬂ a book back on the shelves within
ellINCH-St “5 Very m‘wh “hove u‘" hours after it is returned. I say
“Vt-‘mlte- A150 the I’L‘IMIOhShIP h)’ “ideally” because this posits the
students and Dr. GOUdmhh '5 existence of sufficient staff to get
him-‘3 Close “5 he is we“ liked‘ 1" is the books rcshclved, IIowcver, re-
this closeness I fuel which carries iit'\'t!(I of the necessity to check
the most weight in the retention them more readily than formerly. every book for possible personal
of Dr. Goodman. Our staff has been hit by a num- reserve, the circulation staffcould
I hope that you will take this in ber of resignations and illnesses. devote a much larger percentage
to CONSiderl‘!!°h “"1 ““evulumu vacancies which we are unable to (if its time to i'cshelving.
DT- GOOdm‘m “"d [hope you win fill in the present budget crisis. In Th" 50ml!“ 11”"!er COMIC” i5
mulnlﬂi" his Posmhh i" this "h" (“an it has, been recamiv “UL-mad about to promulgate a new (Yircn-
versity as H histnry meussm- mm m, vumncios "gasp," m- liition I'olicy, one which was
Very truly YO}!!! rum". will be (“p-(j “WWW”. in ideated largely in a vacuum and
David SIU’IIUW ll“. Slim. University WSW,” Whip. with little consultation of the
we occasionally delion clerical [Alhttll‘y Milli UNI” 1|th (‘II‘K'Unt
and professional staff from other Sitlllt't‘ﬁ WhHlSUt'Vt'l'. lh" I’Uhl‘l' i5
  mans of tho Liimlry 1., hall) gin-m. essentially Iunworkablc; under the
the books, We thereby damage the l’tt‘h‘l‘"I ﬁlt'tltl-lt‘hl hiltittt'! Shhﬂtlml.
Um” “pamiinns Ur [ha [,i[)rm-y_ it will be disastrous not only for
To the Editor' such as cataloging. This kind of the users but for the Library
1 H emergency operation is never Sincerely yours,
I" m" ‘Vm' hm" hm” 0" going to be satisfactory either to JR. Ashton
M‘fh‘h'Y- R N”"“"“’”- {her}. WIS“ the users or to the Library staff. Dil‘t't'ltit‘ (if iliill'itl‘it‘h'
article about the Yale University
msum may L i m. man you “a .w BACK OF ruvs 50cm in; scram “- mL-Wgﬁ; mien
mee. snRDoD R °" “‘5 tlES THE WWW Wm”. ‘5 DESt-N’WI"? From I’m: Noil'ﬂfhg'
FﬂLLtNG NMIDSY  y 5'E’V'l‘ 5 LE.) ay mt:be WHIth “WW,” 7"“ AND THE ,viuSiiw'tS.
Tug snowy COLD mm ,5 ‘Nfamngp [-ng sill! Ccmm'sswwa poi/S L. 7D I”: “Gaff/H r poctnas :mo CuﬂtikaS
WWW“ ‘” “‘5 I5 «N'W‘ “tint/DIM "Mm Toofvc“ "’“CE “'5 “f”: A“ rﬂiic‘Ne/s's/‘AA’L 310"“ W“) W “'5-
mr: Msukmrr snE >I‘E/lM To ,SWE mp. aetmED, _'1 {we 50 m . g »
2‘ NY MUN-5’!" ' ‘ 'U‘: inﬁll-JAYS W’Wr m‘ZNSY  "W D
,9: 03" ass ‘""' rm Frtum emER WWW” 5°. hing cN n.5,»,ri
"n 0 i f. tiEiJ’v WE" 7"” 'r my" Met) “""cr’
"n . i I'm; .oTME or WEED)
n ‘ aisr FLOOR! .. .
a ’. ‘,
TUITION I ‘r t—‘—‘.
’"Vf‘j’qﬁn " N OERvsaothr rncRE
’ stream Reno mm, NEW '5}‘0 "WC" “NW/“TIM”
m;an MW m 11E Tia-.RE IS Nc soomrogcm
sultr; make ‘rrw ﬁNo aux DRIVERS
war is NEEDED arm/ii: s‘a I , .-, R5
N can 5m? ‘ TooFUNI MS TB 90
gmﬁﬁfﬂ; ,, Mp ENGiNEﬁg; M ' now 0N as «Hers
.’ REDuCéD l'c “5194555 —  \tud é
“vilified” 5” 'i’nm. WV -
Wokg‘qu. uN rtIC .
Rena («~4- nlis t: g
, ) t
it A ,
SUM/i ans HL’R Mose
“u new no Ill , It
'r 117' :mu 8-? LuRED
Win, 50M:

 

  

 

 

 

     
 

  

     
  
  
    
   

   
  
 
   
  
    
 
    

 

 

Conspiracy!

Once the University tells you that budge I ‘
and the choice more limited,

make your classes larger

t cuts will

and the FSA begins dropping broad hints about a

15% meal price bike, it seems a

Imost like a conspi—

racy that thc State Ed people havccomc up with a

plan to jack up SU
Certainly the pi

ASP, has some merits, at least as

NY tuition to $1501) per year.
an, as explained iii last Friday‘s

far as the private

schools of New York State are conccrncd. Non—

public institutions will be
and SUNY will raisn its to

rate. Thus anyone

able to lower their rates
a median $15M) standard
who can afford the $1500. plus

the usual $1200 per year living t'xpciiscs, can go to

collcgc.

Thc‘rich and the middle class get a colicgc educa-

tion, the poor get i

above-poverty working class get not/ling. ‘
It’s no \vondcr that it came out o! the

Education dcparr meat!

I token EOI’ effort, and tIlt'

State

Of course, thanks to the immense burcauciacy ol

the state.

still have consciences, this move,

Plus [he efforts of those legislators who

like any radical

move, whether just or unjust, will probably not get
to the consideration stage for years. At least this
time, the bureaucracy works in our favor, acting

against any change at all from status quo

But how typical it is! The people ofthis state who
can least afford to send their kids to college arc tiic
first to gct scrcwcd. How many of the wealthy will
bc disadvantaged by a 200 per cent increase Ill
tuition at SUNY? For that matter, how many send
their sons and daughters to a state school?

The poor student loses, thc Working people itisc.
and education generally, when the gifted-Imr-poor
arc cscludcd, loses as well. Who gains? Not only the
State, but the private schools which all of Rocky's
friends, and probably most of thc State Legislature.
attended when they were young, seventy years ago.
And they’ll certainly be pressing the old alumni for
sonic fast aid. AII ofus had better pray that State [3d
doesn’t take that “aid” out of the limited funds of

the State University.

 

 

News It'ill'lor
vicki 1.cldin
.‘Ixxrlt'flllt’ News lz'tli'lor
iiiaida oriaglier
I'i‘umrcs Iii/ill rr.\‘
john fairliall
dcbhic natnnsohn
Arlr lz'tlimr
sieve iiininoff
Spur/r I'Xililor
robcrt lareinba
Arm/an! Spur/s It'rlilnr
alan d. abbey
Wire Services Iz'tlilur
roberi mayer
Graffiti Editor
sue pullns
liirt'hangc Iz‘ililor
mark litcofsky

 

‘Editovlll Bond.

Albany Student Press

ItiIiIor-ln-(Ylicf
tom clingaii

.Ilt/i'crlixing Manager
jcl'l' rodgcrs
.nlrsirmm :lili'crlirinx illuntlgcr
liiida malt"
Business Manager
pliil mark
'l'ct'linicul Iii/Hurt
sue seligson
warren wishart
( 'Iussijicil rit/l’t'flla'lllg Manager
dehbic kiicinen
Advertising I‘nulucmni
tom rliodcs
gary sussman
Circulation Manager
ron wood
Photography lat/Hurt
rich alversou
sieve pollack

The Albany Student Press is located in Campus Cantor 326 of the State
Unlvarllty 0| New York at Albany, 1400 Washington Avenue. Albany. NW
Vork 12203. The ASP ll partially funded by Mandatory Studuut Tait, and can
be ruchod by dialing 457—2190. The ASP war founded in 1910 by the Class
at 1918. Thll newspaper is a member 0! the College Press Snrvuzu imd llui
Associated Pron. Price for subscription: is union dollars per academic VIN"-

Cammunlcuiom are printed as mace permits and inc iiilonnally limited to
300 words. Editorial policy of the All-in Student Press II determined

 

by tho

     
      

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1971

 

 

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

 

 

  
     
   
   
  

..iFEEL THAT DEATH is stE~
wwoso lllﬂNlTE, GREATER.
THAN wm cure. "EASEQ
tNTEtuGEthE (An COMPREHEHD.
Ne Reaux Cl-NMY EXPLAIN-

WHAT DEATH l5 ~03 How 11"
i \
E" - at

Great in millage g a,

HAVE YOU EVER PONDEFED DEATH?

  
 
 
       
   
    

  

onrzs. I'VE DEVELOPED QUll’E
A mica:on ON THE
SUBJECT.

 

use v35? WE Egnur CAN?
PREDICT DEATH'SPCUONS

HOV Does one
iNFLucmz YOU?

  

    
   
 
   

1T CERTAINLY

KEEPS ME FROM
SPENDlNG TOO
MUCH TIME
$TUDY'ING!

 
 

ES LIFE
DRTANT.

communications

Outstanding Teacher

To the University (‘ommunily,

In keeping With a Senate decision last spring the
President has appointed a seven-member Outsland~
ing 'I‘eaclier Awards ('oinmittcc. The committee
includes four faculty members' 'I‘crrell Bynum.
lloherl Frost, llelen Horowitz, and Hyman Kuritt;
and three studcnts: 'I‘oni Laliai‘hera, I’hil Prince, and
Ill-rt Hapurslein The committee Iias elected ’I‘errcll
Bynnin chairman for the year.

The Outstanding Teacher Award will be a grant of
$2,000. Up to two such awards will be givvn
annually to members of the SIINYA academic staff.

The first task facing the committee is the develop
ment of a workable and appropriate set of criteria
for reaching decisions. In tackling this task, the
committee will work closely with all parts of the
University community and will also gather informa-
tion from other colleges where similar awards are
givun. The procedures of the committee in securing
iiomiiiiitions and reaching decisions will be made
public throughout the University community.

Nominations for the Outstanding Teacher Award
will be accepted between November 15 and Febru-
ary If). All members of the University community
are invited to submit nominations, including self-
nominations. Nominiitions may be anonymous. In
order to function effectively, the committee dc»
cided that none of its own members may be
nominated.

Nominations must include more than just a name.
They should also mention the courses which the
professor teaches that indicate excellence; and they
should specify in detail why the nominee should be
considered an outstanding teacher. 'I‘hesc inputs will
help the committee develop guidelines and criteria
for selecting winners of the award.

All iioiniinitioiis, inquiries and information should
be sent to the committee chairman, 'I‘errcll Bynum,
in Iluinanities 256.

The Outstanding ’l‘cacher
Awards Committee

 

 

Wanted: Jews ol the New tell to Build a New Society

by Barry Silverberg
Opinion

SUNYA is blessed with a mu!-
titude'of Jewish radicals. In the
New Left, expecially, well-infor-
med sources recently reported
that there are "many of us in
the left who are Jewish and
relate to being Jewish (who)
would like some of our politics
heard above all the usual drivel
and rhetoric that gets thrown in
our direction." With such good
news, every Jew at SUNYA and
in the Albany community
should be gratified. Our salva-
tion lies near at hand. The
leaders of “the people" are
Jews: they relate to being Jews;
and they're interested in helping
to recreate Jewish social scenes
so that we can all take part in
the paradise they, the people
are going to create. Blessed be
the New Left, Creator of our
liberated souls and bodies. who
bringcth forth our salvation
from the imperialist running
(logs of capitalism and fascist
forces of the state!

For centuries, the Jewish pco
ple have been "fucked over." I
suppose that places the Jewish
oppression (dig that radical
talk!) on the same level as the
present 'I‘hird \Vorld oppression.
Nobody with the least bit of
sensitivity denies the unfair
standards of American society
with regard to thc Blacks, the
Chicanos, the Indians, or the
women of our society. We are
all amply aware of the impenil‘
ing doom of our society once
each of the divisive factions gets
control of guns and other weir
ponry. 'I‘hen, they‘ll all be in
the position to liberate tlit'nr
selves from the “facist running
dogs."

Jews have always been in the
forefront of “causes.” Their
very presence in such a position
often places as in suspicion.
What have they got to gain by
supporting Blacks, Chicanos, or
Indians? Many of the groups we
so ardently support question
our motives. 'I'hcir suspicions
are real, for they fail to recog-
nize the very reason that places
Jews in positions of support. We
have been persecuted for cen-
turies and we know what it feels
like to be killed, gassed, or
tortured. Many of us can still
feel the pain of our last genera-
tion that died in Hitler's camps.

By God, we are well aware of
what a ghetto means to a peo-
ple, or what slavery means. Let
it not be forgotten that we were
exiled from our original land for
centuries.

Our acceptance in various so-
cieties has always been condi-
tional. Until America, we could
never be sure of when our bed-
ies would be destroyed and our
immediate culture eradicated.
The medieval lords forced Jews
into such occupations as mer-
chants and money-lenders ( a
sin in the Roman Catholic doc-
trine of the time). Now the very
forces -- their descendents
that forced many Jews to find
survival in those areas, accuse us
of such conspiracies.

The non-acceptance of the
Jew by medieval society makes
any claim that Jews sought fa-
vor and assimilation, incredible.

“Many of us

see the first need

to be

self—solution...”

The fuel of the ghetto (slitcll)
forced Jews to accept their po~
sitioii as pariahs in general med‘
ieval society. To Venture be-
yond the ghetto gates (yes, Vir-
ginia, gates with locks and
keys!) was to invite what today
would pass for muggings and
murder. Is it not understandable
why some Jews still feel a sense
of paranioa‘.’

But the paranoia is being dis-
solvod, as today’s generation
finds common cause with other
persecuted peoples. Many of us
see injustice within society, and
are attempting to correct it.
Perhaps we don‘t use “fucked”
and “fascist” enough in our
articles (oops! I mean rhetoric).
Indeed, we may be guilty of
concern for our brothers in the
Soviet Union, before we are

actively concerned about their
fellows in the Soviet Union; but
is it not natural to solve your
home problems first, before you
go forth to solve the world’s
problems? That doesn‘t mean
that some of us don't elect to
join other groups in their strug-
gles, but rather than many of us
see the first need to be self-so
Iution; then, to add our num-
bers and inﬂuence to the more
general struggle. As Ghandi said,
one cannot begin a march with-
out the first step!

Similarly, one cannot claim
appreciation of another's strug-
gle or attempt to gain another’s
freedom for him ( and with him
) until one has “liberated” one-
self first.

There‘ll be no rebuttals from
this writer as to inequity within
the American state and nation.
Yet, the problem seems to lie
beyond the material freedom of
the "oppressed" peoples. For
example, what is gained by a
demonstration of windowu
breaking, if the (Icinonstrutors’
first reaction is to take the TV
sets'.’ The demonstration is a-
gainst. “oppression” supposedly,
so why not educate "the peo-
ple" to reject the very thing
they are struggling against --
competetive materialism. All a
demonstration, such as I‘ve just
noted, accomplishes. is a change
of ownership of the material
enfringements of our society.

The “revolution” implied as
necessary from most New Left
articles (page 15 of Friday's
ASP being no different) can
never be accomplished until TV
sets are no longer desired by
people who need food a lot
more. Perhaps, the front-liners
of our salvation would do better
to aim their investigative gen-
iuses at that problem, rather
than in distorting Jewish at-
tempts at self-help.

The Jews of SUNYA cannot
be neatly categorized and
placed in a box with a neatly
tied ribbon by any man or
woman -- regardless of his or her
polemical genius. We are a
group of individuals, with indi-
vidual concerns. We are not all
the distasteful bigots that
speak of Blacks as “shvartzes.”
To attempt to categorize us as
such, is a betrayal to the cause
of "the people" - so readily an
absolute for the New Left Jews.

 

 

 

  
 
  
  

 
  
   
     
     
   

  
    
  
   
  

EBBit Tilt EEP
yam/t Mm; 25 Mutt-m HDMING
Wm] M nurtwwmammt AND ANTENNA,
i‘vs F/MttYmrm ON TO AN mam
wow-mom. NO-towMWTH'D-L, unwr-
rm FM warmly m moat/r on

Mt NM! 15 HMMON itADDERITUu, AND W”!
6 To 5 mt? me warm on WITH 'mr

 

  

     

mm m- MAGIC m. we mm A
HOME Mani! '1 J”

  

      

DM’f fat/c H Til/tr D/At
/7‘ on 77c gar/0N

 

W
fuzzﬂi'zlf [7: THEN—

,3
OF

   
   
    
   
 
   
    
 

Erma N/GHT
Matt)!
was? 0

 5‘” -

  
 

 

=’Va"
» mfg”! -

 

Pick Up

Your Application

for election to the

College of Arts 8. Sciences Council

DUE IN SA OFFICE ON MONDAY, NOV. 22 AI 5 PM

Only Arts 8. Sciences advisers are eligible!

 

 

 

 

