i

 

 

PAGE 12

00

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1971

 

 

THE ASP SPﬂﬂTS

 

 

Danes Roll Over Utica, 35-6

by Alan D. Abbey

The Star Spangled Banner could-
n’t get the entire crowd to stand
at Saturday's opening day football
game with Utica. However the
Great Danes, in a good team
performance, did. and won the
plaudits of the entire crowd as
they trampled the Pioneers 35-6.

The offense and the defense,
which held Utica to minus seven
yards rushing in the second half,
each played well, but could have
been better. The offense was es-
pecially sloppy in the earlyminutes
of the game, as the Danes fumbled
the ball away five times in the
first half. Three came on consecu-
tive series of downs, and it seemed
as if the Danes just did not want
to win the game.

However, credit must be given
where credit is due and many
individuals for State did stand
out. Tailback Bernie Boggs was
the ieadiiig individual rushcr for
the Danes with H7 yards in [H
attempts, Fullback Lonnie Davis
totaled 70 yards in 16 attcmpts
and scored the first fch (treat,
Danc touchdowns. it was a three
yard plunge and it capped a 5i!)
yard drive.

Danes

Quarterbacks Rick Petty, who
started, and Bill Flanagan, who
came back in fine fashion from his
shoulder injury, alternated from
the second quarter on.

Flanagan scored twice on one
yard keepers. The first came late
in the second quarter to bring the
score to 12-0 State. The second
TD was on the first play of the
fourth period after a mix—up with
the clock. it was fourth down and
the offensive line submarincd the
entire Utica defense allowing
Flanagan to scoot through an-
touched. That touchdown made
the score 21-0 and gave the Danes
ii comfortable margin.

Petty completed two passes for
58 yards and called an excellent
game. He knew where and when
to rim the ball, and his team,
when it finally began to execute
late in the second quarter, mchd
thc ball for him. l’ctty : so scorcd
the final touchdown. on a (Hit
yard kccpci‘, to bring lhc sciirc to
its final position, lib-b“. ()thcr scor-
crs for State iiiciudcd a Zlisyard
rcVi-rsi- run by spci-dy split cnd
(iIch Littic, and a Ilft- "d ficlil
goal by kickcr Vincc l’ii- ‘i.

'l'hc i):iiics, however did haVc
lroulilc getting untrackcd, as can

at

 
 

Saturday

by Bruce Maggin

'i‘omorrow aftcrnoon llu- (iri-al
Danes travel to itochcsli-r lo inci-t
Rochester lnstitutc of 'i'cchiiohr
gy. Albany is coming off an im-
pressive 1556 victory over Utica.

Coach Bob Ford was happy with
the victory, but feels that if the
Danes make the same typc of
mistakes against itoclu-stc . tlicy
will be (lestroycd. The difference
between last year‘s team and the
present squad so far, is the ability
of the defense to hold after tlic
offense had fumbled. Last ycar
the defense made just as many
mistakes as the offense. Ford is
surprised that the defcnsc has
improved so quickly, but admlls
that they are far from hciiig a
good football team. The defense is
young with five freshmen in the
starting lineup.

Coach Ford was especially
pleased with his offensive line.
Pete Moore, a 5'l0" 205 pound
guard, did a fine job opening up
holes for Lonnie Davis and Bernie
Boggs, Ed Perkii, a 6'4" 21‘.)
pound right end, also did a fine
job blocking for Albany.
RIT is in their first

, .

year of
9?;

   

   

  

varsity football. in our I'irsl ganic
(‘\'t'|' last year, We beat tin-in
lilt‘li. Lasl wcck iti'l‘ lch l’lalls-

burgh t7-7 ), ii tczim thcy had
figurcil lo iii-at. Tomorrow is
iiochcstcr‘s first. home gamc.

They should bc looking for rc-
vciigc.

The Tigers boast a strong dc-
fcnse. ()n offciisc, lhi-y iiich an
adcquatc quarterback and a line
running attack. ('oach Ford's
ganu- plan will lic lo .ry to stop
lioclii-sti-r‘s running atlack and
force thcni to the air.

The Dancs L'aiiu- out of last
Saturday's game injury l‘ri-in Quar-
terback Bill Flanagan and running
back Bci'iiic Boggs arc iiol li)()"i.
but bolli will slarl. in llu- prcvious
gaini- Coach Ford brought ii
backup quarterback liicli i’i-tly
for third and long yardage. Ford
said, "He is not really tclcgraphing
thi- play bccause on long yardagc
cvr 'yoiic knows ils

situations
going to lic ii p

[1' you can‘t. i
iiochi-slcr, you can listi-ii lo lh'c
game on WSUA slariing al l..'lli.
Albany's iii-st hoini- game is
homecoming, ()clolii-r El, againsl
Niagara.

  

c the gainc .ii

 

    
 

be expected in the first game of
the season. Luckily, the State
defense was up to the task and
denied Utica entrance to the goal
until the fourth quarter, when the
game was all but sewed up. The
Utica score came after a 48«yard
kickoff return had fired up the
Pioneers.

The Danes opened the game in
interesting fashion as they ran
their first series of plays without
utilizing a huddle. From that odd
beginning till the end of the game,
when the reserves wcrc put in,
'l‘ailback Bernie Briggs, and Fill]-
back Davis Were the workhorses.
'l‘hey led the State rusliers to a
total of 214 yards. Add the 75
yards gained in the air, and the
Danes racki-d tip a total of 28?)
yards from thc line of scrimmage.

M I

in la-aguc i action on Saturday,
SI-ptI-nibcr 2:3:

Al’A dcfi-atcd Kil 23-0 and re-
mained lhc only undcl'i-alcd lcam
in the league A closc half-lime
score of 6-1) was turiicd iiilo a
root iii the sccoiid half on two
cxlra points,
liickcr Lcs
kicking

   

 

touchdowns. lwu
illlil a field goal by
Ni-wniark, Ncwniiirli's
could pi'iirc iii l)l' .i big factor in
dclcriiiiniiig i.cagiii- i's champion-
ship.

(ii).\l lical i\l.l' Eli-ll on lhc
passing of quarterback Larry
Marcus. i\i.(' scori-(l first on a
puiit-rcturn by ('harlic Win-hr. but
iiflci' that the game bcliiiigcd to
Marcus, who threw four touch-
down passes. Al..("s only major
thrcat of the second half was
iiitcrc ptioii by

stopped on an
dcl'ciisivc back lics l'uri '

lfiEl’ bcal S'l'ii by forl
ever this forfeit is liciiig prolcslcd

by S'i'li.

b¥*4¥=t*4'*¥¢-V
’l'hcrc will be a met-ting of all
AMIA Football ()l't'icials on Fri-
day, October ii at 1! pm, in
Campus Center room 356.

  
 

 

.; liiiw-

Grid Coaches Name Four Standouts

'l‘hc Stale Lhiivm'sily at Albany
football coaching staff has choscn
four Players of the chk who
starred in lhc (ircat Dani-s' ifi-(i
opcning-ganu- victory ovr-r Ulll'il
Colii-gc Al'ti-r \’Il‘\\'lllu lhc gainc
films, lioh Ford and his assistants
l'ri-shincii as out
Iiiii-iiiaii and

 

sclcclcd two
standing dcl'i-nsivv
back, .iiid :i pair of ii-Ii-rans on

 

ofli-iisc

i\louii| l'icnsaiil liigh product
Frank \"illanoizi u'as |li\'(il\'l'(l in
l" lacklcs from his dcl‘ciisii'c tack»

Hi

I". y.

zlb'l' Photo/(7min

While this went on the Dane
defense held the Pioneers to a
meager total of 21 rushing and 30
passing yards. All of this passing
yardage came late in the game
when Albany was in a prevent
defense.

The defense also intercepted
four passes, and the offense con-
verted two of these into scores.
individual credit on defense must
be given to Tackle Frank Villano
va who played ii superb game,
stopping the run and harassing the
passer.

'I‘he Danes played good ball,
especially in the Second half when
the offense really began to jell and
the defense dug in. Coach Ford
should be pleased that State won
its second consecutive home open—

   

X-Country Meet
Tomorrow, 4 PM

Freshman Brian Quinn (Buffalo)
was named Albany Runner of the
Meet last weekend as the State
University at Albany cross-
eountry team split a triangular
meet. The Great Danes finished
behind Montclair and ahead of
Coast Guard in the 31-33-71
score. Quinn run just three sec-
onds off the course record at New
London, Conn., winning the
4.8-milc race in 23:03 for his
second victory of the young sea-
son in as many outings.

Coach Bob Munsey, looking at
the times, says this could be the
best team he has had in 10 years
at Albany. Currently, the Danes
are hampered by lingering injuries
to Nick DeMnrco (Voorhecsvillc)
and Larry Frederick (Mohawk),
both potential leaders.

The Harriers take on New Pally.
at home tomorrow, at ll p.m.

  

 

A .

Carvin Payne (44) is en route to a [4 yard romp against the Utica
Pioneers. The Dane freshman averaged 4.5 yards per carry Saturday.

Ic position and got through to the
Utica qiiartcrback thrcc titties. He
also caused one fiimbic and rccov-
l'I'l'(l anothi-r. Ford called it "by
far the bcst dcfcnsivc tackle play

\ri-‘vc had."

('oriu-rhiick l'Id licinfurt thlcr-
\licl) led the team with 15 Mick-
Ics, providi-d cxccllcnl pass :ovcr-

ASI’ I’lioto/(‘Iioiu

game in the second pcl'lliil, hi-
sctilcd thc team down. rcad tllt'
dcfeiisivv well, and engiiiccrcd a
12-0 halftime advantage. in a star
tistical oddity, Flanagan iii-itcd
xcro yards in fch rushing al~
tempts, but scorcd two loiich-
downs on sneaks of [WW and
()Ili"_Vll|'ll.

age. and contained WP“ on his sidc 'l'hc ol'fciisivr- liiicinaii award
:igaiiisl lhc run. “He is tough, \Vl‘lll to guard i’cli- Moori-
.iggri-ssiw, and very capable," (ii'icri‘ick) a ciiib football A|l~Hlalc

praiscd lhc coach.

()ii ol'l'ciiw,
Flanagan [iii-llipagc) wrrcd as
catalyst to llic
.itlack i'inlcriiig Ilic

quarterback iiill
ll backs on ilic trap and played \\'ll.il
[)aiics' sluggiin

\t'i ii'cli-ss

scli-ction last fall. llc coiisistciitly
opciii-d iiolcs for llic riiiiiiiiig

Ford ti-riiicd ":iii |‘Xi't‘llt‘lll all

around gaiiic "

Kickers Blankod by Oswego

h) lil'lll'L‘ \liiggiii

Last Saturday, llll‘ Albany Stali-
team was \lllll out In'

Mll'l'l'l‘

()swcgo ll ll 'i‘lii- llillll'N made our-
pass too iiiaii_\ or liciil llii- |i.i|l too
(isn't-go

long, as llll') oiilslioi

(|llill'll‘r, llic Albany boolcrs tricil
to comi- back i'/.i llaiiiiol’l' had .i
Iiiird shot on llll' goal biil (lsu/i-
go's goallciidcr lloh Sin-iii liallcd
lhc ball away Shortly al’tciu'iiid,
(icorgc Kclcsliiaii ol' :\llli||l\ :iiid
(ii-in- [\l'llllll‘ of ()swcgo collidcd

 

 

 Albany Student Press

i

 

Vol. LVlll No. 43

State University of New York of Albany

The ASP

Tuesday, Ottober '5, l97l

 

 

Lil it). but could not scorc. iii-ads al'livr a corner l\ll'l\ :\lll'l :i
“FWI'NU 5"”I'l'll ll-‘i fir-*1 WHI 4' linic out, bolli playcrs rcsuincd
fill] of iiic first (Illili'il‘l' Dick phi)
.\iiics, ii lorward, fcd 'I‘oiii |)oraii At 15 ill of ihc liiial pcrioil
who licadcil iI hoiiic Albany» lioraii scored the hat Iricli Ll
licsl i‘liaiici- of llic .ii‘lcriionii oi' goals) |)li|'.|il i'.iiiic Ill .ill .lllllll' oii
i'iiii'cd .i ll'\\ iiilliulcs lill(‘| (in .i 'I'liiiyci, and shot it l)\’l'l' lhc goal
I'Iiii'r\ ol sliols |\'.ii| ll.ii'|l\llil1 hit li-iidcis Iii-.id loi llu- l'iiial l.i|i\ ol
llic post 'I‘Iic \l‘l'lillii illl.|lll'l was lllt' .iI’li-ioiiiioii
si-oii-lcss lliii- lii'iglil illill' lll llii- Mll'l't'l
lII llic scciiiiil ll.Ill, (isn‘t-go sl.ii| “.ililc lot .'\ll)i|l|\ Slali- was tlic
cil lo i.ilu~ llll' ol'ti-iisii‘i- .'\ll|i‘\ fiiic «lcl'ciisiii- pl.i\ ol lllllillll'li
.iiiil l)oi.ii| liotli li;ii||i.ii'il sliolsoii l..iir\ IIi-iliig
goal, liiil Slatc go.i|ic 'l'li.i\ci i'ililil' .\lli.iii\ is non l | on illl' «ca
up Willi lhc saws [\l iii lfi. son 'l'hcii iicsl game i.-. on Satin
lhiraii scored his second goal ot day .it iiiiigliiniiloii 'i'Iicii lil'\l

llic gaiiic, al'lcr faking 'l'liiiyci out
of the lll'l Hlill III llic lliird

lioiiu- game is llctobcr ti against
(iiii-liiilii.

Council Approves
Funds for E.O.P.

by Allen Altman

Central Council has appropriated thirty-seven thousand dollars to an
E.O.P. Student Association. The appropriation bill, which was three
thousand dollars less than the original request, was passed by a hotly
disputed 12-11 vote.

Randy Jackson, E.0.P. student representative and spokesman,
explained the reason for the request. He pointed out that the present
Student Association overlooks minority cultural events making the
appropriation mandatory. He cited the fact that existing groups of
Student Association are not representative of minority students nor
do they serve the needs of them. in order to maintain what he called
"stability" on campus, he spggestcd that “cultural relevancy" to all
students must be maintained.

The funds asked for by the E.O.P. Student Association was an
amount representative of ﬁnancial input of E.O.i’. students to Student
Association according to Jackson. At the present time there are 820
E.O.P. students paying forty-eight thousand dollars in student tax.
The original request of the E.O.l’. Student Association was for forty
thousand dollars leaving approximately eight thousand dollars in
Student Association for “funding other relevant University Aclivi-
ties."

The E.O.i’. Student. Association applied for funds as an organization
under Student Association that would replace other separate Black
Groups previously funded by Student Association. Their function
would be to run cultural, social, and educational activities for the
minority community. However, Jackson stressed that all activities
would be open to the entire University Community. Cultural activities
planned include the Burundi Dancers, Theater Workshops, a Puerto
Rican Cultural Seminar of Writers, a Puerto Rican Essay Contest, and
ii Third World Week. Among the social activities planned was a Pnerto
Rican Dinner and Reception. Educational activities include the
purchase of rare minority literature from museums and newspapers,
magazines, periodicals, film festivals, and guest lecturers. Guest
lecturers scheduled to appear are Jessie Jackson, Nathiin Hare, Dick
Gregory, Juan Mari Bras. Charles Fuller, and Mohammed Ali.

A Minority Legal Council Fund was set up by the appropriation.
Under this fund, a new Student. Lawyer will be hired that specialich
in minority cases. According to the E.O.l’. Student Association, the
present Student Association Lawyer is not experienced in minority
cases.

Debate ovor the appropriation lasted for over three hours. Dis-
cussion centered on the merits of the appropriation. Council Mcinber
Jody Widelitz fell that an appropriation of such a large sum to the
E.O.P. Student Association was unfair to other racial and ethnic
groups on campus. lie commented that if all money was devoted to
one group, the interests of others would be sacrificed. He suggested
that. no group should chr gel all it wants when there are con flictiiig
needs and interests, Council member Jay Shusterhoff cited thi,I fact
that little if any minority students participate in Students Association
functions. As a result, he felt that the E.0.P. Student Association
dcscrvud the moncy.

Attempts Wcrc made to reduce the cost. of the bill since Central
Council liiid only thirty-six thousand dollars in its Emergency
Spending Line plus a possible additional twenty~five to lhirly

thousand dollars resulting from an unexpected surplus. The surplus is
the result of more income than projected from student tax, money
not spent. last year, and more money owed them thiiiicxpeelcil. The
bill was cut by about three thousand dollars during the debate.

continued on page 3

   

  

Central Council deliberated for several hours on Thursday on a pro
EOI’ Student Association. A lower appropriation of 3.17.000 was passe

d.

 

posal to appropriate 540.1!” to an

ASP Photo/Simmons

Senate Opts to Soften Blow
At Undergraduate Council

by Stephen H. Goldstein

The University Senate, at. its
Monday afternoon meeting,
struck down a proposal prohi-
biting the Undergraduatc Aca-
demic Council “from granting any
exemptions to the current S/U
system of grading for freshmen
and sophomores for Spring, ID72,
without ii specific plan approved
in advance by the Senate. "

This proposal would iiich im-
posed the prohibition on exemp-
tions if Seniitc'did not take fiiiiil
action to change the grading poli‘
cy after receiving the results of a
Council review of that policy, The
council was instructed to submit
its findings iind recommendations
after such review to Senate by
Nov. iii).

in its report to Senate Monday,
the Undergraduate Academic
Council submitted a summary of
its actions granting petitions by
students for A-E grades. The rc-
port stated that the council had
granted a total of 476 exemptions

- a. 

 

,r E

University Senate decided not to require the Undergraduate Academic Council to allow no exemptions

to S/U grading if the council did not offer an alternative to the present system.

A S" I’Iiu (0/ Ch 1) iii

from the S/U gradingof freshmen
and sophomores for reasons rang-
ing from pro-medical standing to
"motivation" to the petitioners’
simply desiring grades.

Of the 476 exemptions granted
by the council, 199 were given to
pro-medical students, six to pre-
deiitiil students, 49 to prc~law
students, 74 for purposes of grad-
uate study, two for medical tech-
nology, 58 for transfer purposes,
58 to students with 50 to 55
credit hours, ill for reasons of
“motivation,” four to visiting stu-
dents, one each for foreign study
and for foreign government, four
for scholarship, one based solely
on the student's “wanting it," and
six not (Elltiigin'llud. Another ill
students were exempted in separ-
ate actions l.iiken last year by the

Committee on Academic Stan-
ding.
'i‘h us, the council granted

exemptions to a total of about lei
per cent of the freshman class
(222 students), l7 per cent of the
sophomores (306 students) and
15.5 per cent. of the combined
freshman and sophomore classes,
or 528 students toliii.

Senate l’ollcd

When it I’csochd ilsclf iiilo the
Committee of the Whole 'a nicth—
od used to act without formal
Sciiiitc procedures the Senate
was pound on its feelings toward
the council‘s actions rcgiirdiiig gru-
diiig policy in this informal illlllhﬁ'
pliui‘c, more senators favored the
council's granting blanket peli-
tioiis tliiiii considering ninth peti-
tion on its individual merits or
grouping the petitions by reason
for the request.

President's Report

Dr. Benczet reiterated the
gloomy economic climate that the
university has been forced to toler-
iite when he reported to Senate
that i97l-72 is “the year of test-
ing whether this University Center

shall survive as a University Center
in practice as well as principle. ”
Asserting that the University of
California has had to suffer
“worse retenchments" than
SUNY, Benczet said once again
that this university will have to
turn elsewhere for help: "We need
Lprivate) friends, but i feel we
we them."

Suiting, "We must have a pose
tive story" to present to the pub-
lic Benczet added that “students
are the most dynamic element to
sell that story...in tiic face of
unbelievable, unforeseen financial
constraints. "

The rcgionalization of the State
University system, called for by
Governor Rockefeller in Execu-
tive Oider M of February 1971,
was explained to Senate by Bene-
zct, who noted that "SUNYA will
not be rhquircd to take iill quali-
fied transfers" who apply here
under the new scheme.

Senate lieiird from Benczet
about some of the projects under-
way iii an iitiempi to improve the
quality of the environment at the
university. Among them are an
investigation into how to cut the
use of internai combustion en-
gines on campus through ll tiisk
force's experiments using various
engine types; ll search for ll possi-
ble increase in mass transit on
campus; the recycling of univer-
sin wastes; ll proposal for self-
coiiliiined sewage plains; and im-
priiVi-ineiit of the hike.

Other Scaiile Action

Senate tabled ii proposal pertiiin~
ing to student evaluations of hi-
unity and the public distribution
of the evaluations. Receiving Sen-
iite approval were ii procedural
proposal involving Senate action
on priorities and other proposals
modifying the memberships of the
Educational Policies Council, the
Undergraduate Academic Council,
and the Student Affairs Council.

 

