 

 

.
t
I

l


 

5“.“417‘3’79‘.

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 1 2

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

he Black Ensem

 

 

 

 

State Quail Residents:

REY“! TIIOSE Oil/13!!

If you do your job, the project

becomes university widell

Pl’!

interested in helping?
call 1-4033

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1971

ble Presents:

by Michele Ann Kantor

| just got back frorii seeing the Black Ensemble
Performing Arts Company ot'SUNY at I’AC‘s Arena
Theatre. Their play. “One Last Look" by Steven
Carter. takes place in a funeral parlor at services for
Eustace Baylor. The very effectively used theatrical
technique of having the dead titan present at his
own funeral. reveals deeply emotional interpersonal
relationships he had with six people whose lives Ire
touched arid greatly affected.

The Arena is a fun place to see plays. It is
reminiscent of the (‘ircle in the Square in Greenwich
Village. with the audience traversing the perforriiiug
area to get to their seats. The theatre is small.
therefore. the atmosphere is friendly and intimate.
With a small turnout (about thirty or forty people
in all) it was possible to talk to friends on the other

 

side of the stage area Without embarrassment. The
audience consisted of a few professor—types (I
guess). and mostly black students. many of them
associated somehow with the production. Also.
sortie little black schoofage children sat mesmerized
In the front row. Perhaps after this article. the
response on Friday. Saturday. and Sunday nights
will be greater.

Before the play began. there was some continued
unnecessary closing and opening ot the curtains
surrounding the seating area. But the fine blues
piano-playing overcame this. I could trot tell whe-
ther the music was live or on tape. but Il conveyed
the mixture of cornein and pathos of the dram-t
itself.

 

WALDEN WEEKEND

FEATURING A CHILLER

D
0
W “THEM”

N Friday nite 7:45...Brubacher lower |ounge...Saturday nite 8:00
11

0

W

25‘ with Walden card 50‘without

and presenting

A KEG

N starring: THE 25*h HOUR

SUNYA ID
REQUIRED

Saturday nite 9'30 Brubacher game room
50‘ with Wolrlcrr card 75' wrthout

 

$b®¢ ~ZEQF>

 

 

Attention Music
Freaks...

Looking tor stiidunts who tilt: very
lniiiilizir wttli the current music scents
(progressive and nonpmurussivu rocti,
lolkl to [out a panel [or an aura radio
stilt/on. Tho piiiiul wrll stiaru tliutr
observations lot a lilpttll sliuw uitcli
week. For moru iriluiniation iziill
489 2575.

 

SHOW-BFFS
our Luncheons
our Dinners
our Bog Bur!
,tl

  
       
  

,.

l

CRIIIII‘SEHIIYIBIIB
ifiZEiKJIrin]  i"

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1971

Seeing a ﬂowersui‘rouiided coffin on stage may
seem a bit tnorbid when first going to your seat.

However. in the first little scenario. we meet two of

the "mourners" at this funeral. They serve as a
comedic Shakespearean device by explaining to each
other and to the audience eVactly what is abotit to
take place. They are obviously very well-iriforiiied
outsiders. Ressie Troutman and Debt a Pain helped
to convey the attra til a black funeral by their
inairneiisiiis and fervent shouts of "Amen" and
“Yes. Jesus" at the appropriate moments. They
handled their farts atrd their \tiiL'IIlltg salts wrtli a
clumsy gracefulncss which the audience visibly
appreciated.

Ihc story concerns thc emotional impact which
Iitistacc Baylor. the dead man. had on his wife.
Annette. and their son arid daughter and his
common law wrfe. Reva. arid their two children.
Each of these characters has an opportunity dining

 

the services to converse wrtli Izustace about his
strong love/Irate relationships With them.

Director Daruel (‘chI Adrian Barton (I like that
name). probably helped the actors by employing
body language to intensity the [act that the dead
man was not physically present. Mars Hill. as
Baylor. a dapper ladies‘ man. drifted around the
stage. unable to touch or be touched by anyone. I
noticed this most in the lust scene with his
daughter. Donna. who loved him, On the other
hand. ('harhe. his son by Reva. hated Baylor
because be deprived ('hailtc of his vtoliii. his musical
outlet and only love. ('harlie turned instead to

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

photos by Rosenberg

 

(:60 ALBANY-SHAKER ROAD

 

ANNOUNCES

—AU NT PEGGY —

(former chef of the Washington Tavern)

Who’s now cooking her delicious pizza, hot meatball

and sausage sandwich specials for your eating pleasure.

lunches: ll:30-2:30 nights: 7:30—12:00

WEEKNIGHT SPECIALS"

MONDAY' Football on our

color TV —- 10¢ driilts
ol unu...iintil 11 pin.

TUESDAV. Two FER NIHlIl’
2 mixiid drinks lot the piieu

 

WEDNESDAY: LadiusNiulit:
Any drink in tho house 406

LXI I 4 ()N TIIL NOR l IIWAY r l’l-IONE 809—9976

 

 

 

 

PAGE 13

drink. and Simon ()uattlebatmi's iieai'«tiiigic role was
very well-handled. especially when he throws his

bottle Irito his latlici's coffin before walking deject-
edly away. And. watch the way Mars Hill uses his
eyes.

I thought the scenes with Baylor arid his legitimate
children were not as poignant. His daughter hated
him for his continuous absence from home. arid his
son grew up with the militant intention of be-
coming the exact opposite of everything his father
was. These scenes all provided the opportunity for
the playwright to throw bits of philosophical
wrsdoni irrio the dialogue which seemed slightly
forced,

Reva and Annette, the two wives. both had deep
mixed feelings towards Eustacemey both needed
him. yet there was a void between him and both of
them. Antoinette (‘Iark and Diane Kettles were
convmcingly able to portray these hurt women with
a fine intensity of feeling. Probably. as they perform
their roles again. they wrll both get deeper into their
characters.

This play is involvrug. yet not overbearing on the
Viewer. It could have told the story of any man‘s
Irfe, yet because it was about the experiences of a
black man. I think it gained in value.

 

 

Colonial Quad Halloween Party

Sat. Oct. 30,I 97I 9pm-I am
Music by ’Noble Peddler’

Colonial Quad Flagroom pretzels Beer

50¢ without

 

25d with quad tax

 

TEXTS PSYCHOLOGY RECORDS RELIGION

ART LANGUAGE HISTORY BLACK STUDIES MUSIC
Do you have ten celtt.'.",
Then you can buy one of 10,000

Books, magazines. and records at our

FALL CLEARANCE SALE

BRYN MAW“ BO0KSHOP
we have 100,000 used books

tiRYN MAWR BOOKSHOP 1)er \\’ed., on. 27- io.io.i.,iir
l'liuis., ()ct. lB—ltl:.l0-‘):t)0
I ii., tict. 2‘) r Itl‘.l(l—l:.l0
s.a., Ut'l. to ItI'Jti—t .in

 

one aicadra at Western
l/tIiI llt’l'illlt/ Dun/rm IJoIitili'l

“ti-354‘;

A9010NH331 AHdVHUOlS S)l DVSHSdVd

LITERATURE SCIENCE WOMFN'S RIGHTS PHILOSOPHY

.. .MM. t-..” ..

 

