    
 

" ‘ ' PAGE 6

 

.m&¢ﬂﬂdwﬁc

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

in “Return With Us Now to Those Thrilling Days of...COMIC
BOOKS" (October l9th issue of the ASP), i promised some sort of
continuation for this week. Hopefully, this column will appear-at least
once every two weeks. While I personally am into comics, and
therefore know many of the newsleads beforehand, i do not receive
the news ﬁrstliand. That is why l’m against (as a general rule) printing
news here; it would merely mean my copying the item from another
magazine. To those who’d like to ﬁnd out about the various titles
before they hit the stands, I direct you to any of the four excellent
newszines mentioned either in this or future column(s).

What. then, would be the purpose of a column on comic books if
not to relate news'IWell, for one thing, the column will direct your
attention (or. as the case may warrant, you lack of attention) to some
of the more noteworthy efforts of the past two weeks. This will be
done in the “REVIEWS” section. A “FANZINE"section will appear.
as long as the material exists. in order to spotlight some oftlic better
non-newsstand. comic oriented publications. So. in this respect. “A
SECOND GLANCE" remains a director of sorts. channeling whatever
interests in the ﬁeld you might have to the persons arid/or magazines
better equipped to broaden them. That is why your questions and
comments are welcomed (care of the Arts Editor). even if only to
disagree with my pan of your favorite title.

And speaking of questions. a frequently-occurring one is “Where can
I pick up the current issues 7’ Perhaps the most convenient location
would be the University Bookstore, which just began carrying comics
this week. Better-stocked. and also close to "home," is Kenner's
Grocery. at the Western Avenue entrance. Kenner's puts out its

"»"- -- .:"9.

4

   

 

 

Copywrile National l'eri'm/t'r'rrl Publications - I07]

shipments every Monday, llowever. by far the best newsstand rs
Coulson‘s . found on Broadway diagonally opposite the Post ()l'l'rcc.
(.‘oulson’ssccms to he the first to carry airy given title. and if you
don‘t mind the trek rrrto town. you'll be able to pick up the latest
batch on Fridays.

Have any stores which even top (‘oulson's'llct me know. and ill be
liannv to list ‘crn.

REVIEWS

SUPERMAN‘S PAL‘ JIMMY OLSEN I44

Once again. unfortunately. the Newsboy Legion reprrrrt topped the
new material Of all his new titles at National. Kirby. rt scents. lttkcs
JIMMY (MS/2W llre least serious of all. ’l'hat's‘ too bad. Ilrs
conception of Srrpcrrriari.wlrr|c drllcrrrt from rrrost others. is in
tcrcstiirg iii its own right. llut anyway. tlrrs isstrc begins a Ilir'cc~prrrtcr.
with Jimmy Olsen and the NeWstioy legion ItI Scotland. This pair's
“Loch Trevor Monster" is pretty much standard fare. The only
standout. Ill my rrrrrrd. ts Kirby's caricature of Laurel rrrrd llrrrdy heavy
Jinrirry littrnlayson tlt'elrx MrrcI-rrrneyl. On the whole. however. the
story dragged. not helped airy by Vince t'ollctta's oltcri llat rtrkiirgs
(Mike Roycr is becorrirrrg more appreciated here] ()l'trrnes. Kirby‘s
concluding episodes are licltct‘cxccittcd ilrarr tlrrrt story‘s beginning
For the next two issues. let‘s hope so

SUPERMAN 245

You may or riray not enjoy this issue Now that sounds lrrrrrry
coming from someone who's supposed to give you some sort of
precise evaluation. llrrt your enjoyment of this issue wtll depend trporr
more than one factor. liirst otl. do you riiitid spending $.50 for a

worthwhile in the hope that you will too. Some of these feature ads
4 U .' . . ‘-I V. " l ‘ I ‘

     

comic. i don’t (As a matter of fact. i even bought an extra). One
hundred pages of art for 5.50 is a bargain...if yéu like the material.
Which brings us to point two. This issue is a Superman giant—or
annual if you prefer. Rather than devote 100 pages to the Man of
Steel. Editor Bridwell reprints only two Superman stories. filling out
the issues with adventures of other heroes. In this respect. since the
material is not new. one must evaluate the reprints, as well as the
choice of reprints. i found this to be good in both cases. Rereading
“THE TEAM OF LUTHOR AND BRAlNlACl." the lead Superman
story, proved delightful; I had enjoyed both the script and the superb
Swan-Klein artwork the ﬁrst time around. and ireitlrer lost their flavor
now. The Kid Eternity tale from l946. while not exceptionally
scripted. featured some ﬁne MacRaboy graphics. Rounding oiri the
issue are stories of the Atom, Hawkman. Super-Chief (a 1%] Indian
hero). and Air Wave (from 1942). You can see that there‘s a lot of
material for your money. It‘s now left to individual tastes and
preferences. | WON/(l say. however. that this DC lOU Pager is worthy
of at least a skim-through on the stands. You just might find
something of interest.

FANZlNES

Many fans are not content to just read comics. Some have gone out
and. for numerous reasons. printed their own magazines devoted to
the hobby. Called fanzincs. these magazines are ofttimes more
enjoyable than the coriiics themselves. Anyone who is even mildly into
comiCS would enjoy reading even one or two fanzines on a regular
basis. It is my hope to describe some of the fanzines I've found

s r

- '53‘Rf

 

for still others. which. of course. you're welcome to try. Rather than
tax yoir financially all at once. I'll list just two or three per issue.

One distinct type of fan/.irrc is the rid/inc. labeled so because it
features (prrrnarrlyl advertisements for comic books and other ‘/.rnes.
l‘llli liUYliR'S (iUll)li is such a magazine. rrrrd the cost is totally
romiiirrl. Just send off a postal card to Dyna-Pubs. RRrio. l.llox 207.
lirrst Moliiie. llltriors 01244 and ask for your free subscription. 'l‘lll'.
llUYliR‘S GUIDE is printed like a newspaper, which scents to make
this free distribution possible. Wlirlc there aren't. as yet. that rriaii'
ads for you to brry back issues. there are a good number of rrds for
other fair/.irrcs. And. at that price...

‘Also very cheap ($.20 per copy) is the ireWs-orierrtcrl Nl-WA
l'AN(il.ltS. NIin"/\N(ll.l"S Will orer be our three rrrorc issues. but
this monthly rrcrvslcttcr ts so rrrforrrrativc. telling you what‘s going to
happen iii the rrc\t few months. that you‘d definitely get votlr * it“
worth. Numbers i.‘ through it can be ordered from Donn! Maggrr‘
[‘lrorrrpsorr. 87W» llcrrdr rck's Road. Merrior . ()Iuo aaooo.

Over the past tcw years. Nl-Wl~/\N(il.l:S has received :r rcprrtalrorr as
being one ol the truest llut wrtlr lls dcinrsc in January. marry look to
other. stiltiltrr iths/rties to take its place. (lire superb successor is
l', l(‘l€'l'l'l{/\. also published monthly What makes l"l('| ll‘l{r\
exceptionally unirprc is its checklist of every Narrorrrrl l’crrorlrtal .rrrrl
Marvel dire otii the next month l“l’(‘l:llcl<A lists. tor borlr
corrrprrrrres. what each particular issue contains and. just lot llt'. llh'
drrlc that inagrr/irrc can he lorrrrd on the stands. [here are also
some revrews ol comics and ltttlltlIL‘s. as well as more news about the
comics in general Numbers 0 through it can be purchased .II the
.l-lot-fliltltl rate from Paul l.evrt/.. .l‘tl liast Sit Strch lirooklvn Nc\\‘
York rrzrn, ' '

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 1971

TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 2. 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE '/

 

 

The Electricity of the .

by Eric Graeber

Overcoming what would have
been insurmountable obstacles for
just about any other group, the
J.GEILS BAND produced some
solid rock n‘ roll in the Campus
Center Ballroom Friday night.

Lead singer Peter Wolf suggested
that the sound system was last
used in Bellvue. l943. No matter
where it came from. it was an
embarrassing disgrace. Volcanic
eruptions of feedback kept
pouring from the speakers. oblit~
erriting Wolf's vocals and making
Seth Justman's organ and piano
work only barely audible (he had
to forgo his solos in “Serve You
Right to Suffer." and “It Ain’t
What You Do.”). During the en-
core. Wolf could get absolutely no
sound from his microphone. and
edged on by Geils. slammed it to
the ﬂoor. piled some microphone
stands on top and stomped on
them to the delight of everyone
save the sound crew.

In songs like “Homework.”
“Cruisin' For A Love." and “First
I Look At The Purse." the group
expounds on topics that are in-
herent in the life of a highschool
or college teenager with all the
exuberance and humor intact.
While most groups insist on
proving to us how omnipotcnt
they are as instrumentalists,
J.GEILS simply plrrys good.
sweaty. fun-packed. hard driving
rock. It's quite evident that the
band is enjoying the music they
are playing and the spirit spreads
quickly throughout the audience.

 

.l. Geils and Company shake it up in Campus Center Ballroom.

J. is not only an excellent soloist
(he beat the pulp out of the John
Lee Hooker song. “Serve You
Right To Suffer") but is perfectly
happy in the important role as
rhythm guitarist. Along with bass
player Danny Klein and drummer
Stephen Bladd. Geils lays down a
different. addictive beat to each
song. With such firm tinder-
pinnings. everything added on top
is wliipcrcrrm. Magic Dick. who
plays an amplified harmonica pro-
duces guitar and saxophoni-
sounds that cart fill in background
when (icils is up front. and was
also given a tough blues workout
in “Whammcr Jammer." It. was
unfortunate that Justmnn was so

hampered by his equipment 'ctiuse
he is an integral part of the group
rind adds much more than just
light. shades of color to the music.
Wolf. who is usually the central
focus of the group. was held in
check all evening as it lack of
space limited his opportunities to
display his talents as a dancer.

As noted. tightness is an exe
tremer key factor with (lEILS;
some solos were note for note
duplicates from the album version
of n song but there was enough
flexibility to allow for extended
work. as exemplified by Justmtin
iii “Silo-Cone" and (lcils in the
climrrctic "Serve You Right To
Suffer." In other words. the rub-

eils Bcrnd

her band bended but didn‘t snap.
The cohesiveness allows them the.
chanCe to produce some studio
effects as shown in the guitar-
harp-organ triangular solo in
“Lookin' For A Love." Good
musicians and top notch show-
men. A tough combination to
beat.

Under ideal conditions at the
Union College Chapel last month.
J.GE1[s proved that they are
already. without much publicity.
one of the top five bands in the
country. Albany students prob-
ably don't know how lucky they
were to see a top notch band.
playing for low prices. before they
get the national reputation that is
bound to come. It's just a shame
that the sound system was so
rancid. It’s more than just a shame
actually. I’m not about to point
fingers and say who is at fault
(because I'm not sure) but some
thing is obviously very wrong with
the way our concerts are being
handled. Albany State students
are neck deep in poor lighting and
sound at their concerts. and if
things get any worse at the Jethro
Tull concert. there could be
trouble.

 
 
   
 

 
  

Don't forget. Folks: Jethro Tull
will appear this Thursday night at
the Palace Theater.

 

 

Hill

Residents of State Quad!!!

Folks. this 'llrursday arid l-rrday you Will. by rclcrcrrdtrrrr. be asked
to decide the fate of the l’coplc‘s Record (‘o-op which has gone to
yotrr l’rogrrrrrr ('ourrcrl to ask tor a burn With which to continue
operations so successfully hcgrrir lttsl spring

a! lift of history. |.rrst year. after the approval ol such an
undertaking by the (chiral ('otrrrcrl. l’coplc‘s Record ('o-op lorrrrcrl
lll tlicbottorir ol Anthony llrill. People who crrrrrc tlrcre lottird the
place to be rr friendly. sinootlr krrid ol place where they could brry
their records for cheaper than they could could anyplace clsc One of
the really nice things was that kids were buying trorn kids who took
absoluter no personal profit for thcrnsclvcs. Kids lourrd tlrcy corrld
cop sortie of their real favorites (re Mriyrill. Clapton. the Stories.
llcudrix) for as little as fill/'85. they were also doing ll in an
atriiosphcie wbrclr they wanted to remain in even after they bought
the records...

it can happen again. btit we need your help We urge everyone who
is it resident of State ()uad to Vote "Yl~S" on whether or not you lch
that the loan should be allocach to the People‘s Record (‘o-op

In Memory of

    
  
   
 

Duane Allman

 
 

(1947-1971)

 

 

together that you llttVt' to sit then- 5'“! ONO tlnd THE STAR
WASH BOARD

Tired (if paying it lot of money
for rr concert that starts an hour and wait until someone smashes n SPANGLED
late and allows you to sit in a microphone for it little rrxcite~ BAND Dunuliuns win he hugged

crowded, cramped stuffy hall that rncirt'.‘ iii the door. but if you don't have
has lousy acoustics rrrryhow'.‘ How Wr-I|_ lrid. this is ycr lucky tlrryll “Hy money‘ come “"ywuy’ Bu.
about those kids with the flash er-r-t Fire. the To Iitius' one rind “do... rm n half a buck you get to
orin and best underground iicws- throw u pol pic N Stuff” Juck
paper is having it dniicc because.
l'Wl' want to dance. and 2-wc
llt'ttd the money to keep printing.

 

lights who take rrwriy ycr joints
and the obnoxious irnriounccrs
that think they're AM. radio weeks otherwise. ’I‘hiit's Wednes-
d. 5 Ever get in the mood to dlly "illhl. the 3rd or November.
drrirct- rriid find that, the stints in We hier :i—‘Cuulll rim—3 live in the Campus Center Ballroom.
the goddamn Concert are at) close brr rid 5- CR A B llOlt'l‘ON from 8 pm. until real late.

Enrico, Enrico!

State University 'l‘horrtre's first
ltltIJtrr production of the your.
Luigi l’ll‘ttlldt‘lltt'h' ENRICO lV.wil|
run from Wr-rl,~Hun.. Nov. .'lr7. iii
the Studio 'l‘lir-nlrr- of the For
forming Arts (fr-liter. 'l‘hc plrry. to
hr- drrcctorl by Dr. Richard Sog-
|iu‘/.1.o of thr- ’l‘licrrtrr- faculty.
features it t'rrs't of twelve HUNYA
students. including such l'riinilitir
.nr'r-s its lilrrr' l'tlppit‘lt. liobort
Vr-rrrri. rrrrd .lr-l'l'rey 'l'rirkeliiirin.
ltINlllUU lV's’ story revolves
around an Italian gontleinrrri of
our own time who lll‘llt'Vt'N liim-
soil to he l'lriipr-r-or' Henry IV of open loved. I ‘ nm” with " 2:30p“). mumwﬂo"
(it‘l‘liitllly (t‘ll‘t'tl ltl’ll A.l).). turd lickolsrircboliig riolddiitlylroin Sundlw u“. 7”" For n“ pm"
whoau fantasy is disturbed by u Il-‘l iii the l'./\.C. liox Office. rurmm‘w‘m “w mm. in. $2 “wwml
visit to his crirtlli' I‘rorn relatives. II The plrry will go on from Wedries- "(Minsk)". s” with mm“ “mm”
psychiatrist. arid the woman he tliiy through Saturday rrt Hztlt) tux clmL

Schwartz who hasn't eaten in

 

 

 

 

