PAGE 2

Heroin Usage Increases;

Crime Rate Spirals Too

continued from page I

may be re-evaluated.

When queried one security offic-
er replied, "What am I supposed
to do if I see a student being
threatened or if a suspect pulls a
weapon on me? Throw my bullet
proof badge at him and yell, ‘stop
in the name of the law’?"

---Should undercover policeman
be used in apprehending hard
drug pushers? A touchier subject
for most sudents living in the
dormitories, it would require a
change in the security policy as it.
now stands. Neither Williams nor
Hartley would comment on this
aspect of security operations, ob-
serving that “if we did talk about
change, it wouldn't be sound pol-
icy to publish it in the newspa-
pets" but as Neil Brown observed:
"Our emphasis has to be on rehab-
ilitation--- we're not a police
state." Nevertheless, Hartey did
admit that certain security pro-
hibitons, like weapons and tinder-
cover personnel "are being review-

“Whut We're trying to do is dry
up the source. Our intention is
not to persecute people," he said.

AG ROWING PROBLEM

What is clearest, and probably
most disturbing, is the fact. that
the durg problem spreads out be»
yond the limits of the Albany
State campus. It. is, in fact, envel~
oping a whole generation.

Knickerbocker News reporter K.
Scott Christianson in a series of
articles last week, documented the
ease in which heroin is bought and
sold in downtown Albany. Writes
Christianson: “US. Customs of-
ficials and State Police sources
stressed that mere geography
makes Albany an ideal harbor for
drug trafficking. Located on a
major waterway, it is only a few
short hours from the world‘s her-
oin capital — New York City '~
and is situated near such other
metropolises as Montreal, Buffalo,
Syracuse, and New England. Link-
ed by the Northway, the 'l‘hruway
and other superhighways, it is
easily accessible by car or bus; it
features a convenient county air-
port and numerous landing
strips." The effect such a situation
has on the campus drug scene is,
of course, extensive.

Across the state, it is much the
same story. Drtlg rehabilitation
programs in Nassau and Suffolk
counties report that heroin usage
has incr rscd in the community
and is spreading from the colleges
into the high schools.

"You can say there's a visible
increase down here," says a
spokesman for one of the centers
on Long Island. "Heroin usage has
increased in virtually all high
schools, especially the ones in
poorer areas." The increase ap-
pears to be cross-cultural. In other
words heroin. once thought of as
being popular in poor, black areas,
is gaining ill popularity with the
young, while middle class student.

 

mwnmapMmﬂl

Capitol Correspondent for

Newsdoy

JON MARGOLIS

will speak on objectivity

 

 

 

A ALLA.

An Open Letter to College Student:

than Stoitooti.

'i\ litrllltlillli I-riqriqtiiiioiit irriq

l
t
l
l

 

2‘
:3

2r
2
KC.

5

._._.
LC}
'E

5*
A
5.
23

N
U a
..

..
2:)

2a
KS

"2

a.
“3

SW Diamond 3147qu

Sui/cw

WITII SPECIAL PﬂIL'E SUNS/DEM 7/0”
by
HAROLD FINKLlZ

Jeweler and Diamond rllere/iurri

owner of

Harold Finkle jewelers
217 Central Avenue
Albany, NY.

rule or or.» iiiirsl (wt-nut.“ .rorr rltrtnritdtil
tam haste. In on riulrvuluat's lrlu e. olien one of tlar roost rlrttu till

'I lioliovo that iotloqe shutouts would welronn- .r ~.tr.nqlitorw.nrl tilout'lllu
tron ol llrtt lot is try some tilllt qualrtrotl by Iioninrq .iiut itstttitlittitt‘ who is

snruuoly intern-dial Ill .rs-rislniq them or rimkuiq on tlllt'llliuttttl satin tnrn'

L‘ALLLA‘A—AL om.
"V—v’v—v—v—v

v—v—‘r—v

Worm its/ate l

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

It is a pattern most evident here
on campus.

“We've had a lot of (heroin)
cases affecting undergraduate col-
lege students" reports another
center, “cases where the under-
grad has the feeling that there's
nowhere to go--- what good is a
BA. degree after he gets out of
college?" He just gives up and
starts experimenting with hard
drugs.“

Reports from Buffalo, Syracuse,
and New Paltz indicated the same
trends are being followed: a no-
ticeable increase in heroin and
increased popularity of cocaine; a
trend that began on the West
Coast last summer.

As one source observed: “There
is a decrease in the use of mind
drugs (psychedelics) and a corres-
ponding increase in the use of
body drugs (heroin and cocaine)."

it is a trend that bodes ill for the
future. Cocaine produces no
physical craving, but the chances
of “psychological addiction" are
much greater than they are with
"soft drugs" or “mind drugs."

As for heroin, there are only
two alternatives, two choices one
has to relieve the intense physical
craving. The fist choice is to ad-
minister methadone, a substance
that is not generally available.

The second is to take another
shot of heroin.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1971

    

m 2 young

Security Director James Williams in consultations with administra-
tion members nixed a plan to move in on suspected hard drug
peddlers last year. Williams and others feared that the information was

not conclusive enough.

 

“Geography makes Albany an
ideal harbor for drug trafﬁcking”

 

State Quad Residents To Vote
On Funds For Record Co-op

by Vicki (iottlich

Residents of State Quad will get
to vote In their own election
'l‘hursday and Friday of this elec
tion week State Quad Program
(‘ourrcil is having a referendum to
decide if the t'ount'il should make
a $1.0th loan to Record ('o-op

Quad members Will be receiving
information about the (‘oop on
Monday and 'l‘tiesday The in
formation Will include the history

to call in case students have any
questions concerning the businL‘ss.
After considering all the facts, all
quad residents ,even if they have
not bought quad cards, will be
asked to vote Thursday and Fri‘
day at special tables set. up at the

dinner lines. Usually Progranu
(Toucil, whose members are e-
leet ed representatives from the

dorms, are the only students eligi-
ble to vote on appropriations of
quad funds. in this case, however,
all students are ed to vote
because of the large sum of mony

 

 

 

and business procedures of lhe Itl\’til\’(‘ll According to Program
ltecord t'o op and phone numbers t‘onncil President 'l'ony Solille,
O O

 

l/Ir I'roemrri ur/l rm llli/t'

Saar/day, Nov 6, [97], 8pm

 

Inlcrnalionrrl .S'ImIe/ilx' .rt ixacinliun
llll'tlt'l run In ll t'ilfill'ftll

9W NW

Ulnar/ire .lilrlrr'n lll' /)r. It'lll\ I. Ift‘llt'It'l
Irrli'r'rrri/ir inul lill'lt‘ll' Slum-
l/l\'i'l' lll' r/ I'illlllllH .llirm (iron/i

Relmslinicntx and (looks Will In: It'll/(HI

Campus Center Bat/room
$1.50 Per Person

 

 

the reason for the referendum is
that the $l000 being requested
represents close to one-half of the
quad‘s remaining budget,

Record Co-op is a non-profit
organization whose purpose is to
provide the entire University com
munity with an opportunity to
purchase all tvpes of records at a
discount. lt resemblesrecord co
ops foitnd at the universin t't'll
ters at Buffalo and Stony Brook,
as well as co-ops found at such
universities as (‘ornell and Yale
SUNYA itself had a eo-op last
year which also operated from
Anthony llall, State Quad This
year, Its backers plan a bigger
business, operating from llll' al
cove in the l" ag Room. They plan
to sell all types of records: elas
sit'al, rock, ja/./., folk, blues. .lllli
Will try to order records on r’r-
quest. Records will be sold lot
about ten percent above cost The
Very minimal profit Will be used
to pay back the loan and help
towards buying more stock .\I
the end of the year, records \rrtl
be sold way below cost The
backers do not Intentl to keep any
stock over the summer.

 

tw‘ \t"
t 
")

 

..t‘
0““

mondny -iootball on TV
(guys: $2; girls: $1)
tnesdny -movie night

full length feature and Old Time flicks

U I I
wednesdul— glrls nlght Drinks ‘/2 Price! Old Time Flicks, again!
AMATEUR NIGHT: free drinks for entertainers!

thursduy, friday, saturrlny .contemporary folk
Thursday and Friday: BILL POLCl'IlNSKl

“many -f|icks again
Plus: "Twofcr Night": TWO DRINKS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE!

Ruruu of Tuesday's Movra (No Minimum or Covurl

Saturday: HECTOR

 

 

Lav-1

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1971

Hike Imminent

For Board Rates

by 1.8. Flavin

The fact that SUNYA's Faculty Student Association is bordering on
insolvency is an open secret. For fiscal year ending June 30, 1971,
FSA is in the red 338,487 dollars. The ill-managed University
Bookstore accounts for over $205,000 of FSA losses. Where and how
these losses are to be recovered remains to be seen. At stake are prices
it all FSA operated units serving the University Community.

Robert Cooley, FSA‘s executive director, admonished the Member-
ship Board of FSA at its bi-annual meeting Tuesday, October 26th,
1971 for not listening to his warnings in 1967 and '68.

Because of the Nixon wage-price freeze, FSA can not presently raise
board prices, faculty rents, or increase income through price-hikes in
the bookstore or snack-bar. “We will have to increase board contract
prices as soon as the freeze is lifted," Cooley announced. This
statement was immediately contested by Al Senia, student member of
the FSA Membership Board.

Senia quickly pointed out to the Membership Board that all Quad
cafeterias show net profits, approximately$278,000 for the fiscal year
1971. Two down-town cafeterias, Brubacher and Husted do not make
a profit. Brubacher's dining facilities are not open to undergraduate
students and Husted cafeteria is used by Milne high school students
and administrators and staff of SUNY- Central. Husted cafeteria is not
federally funded as are "public school cafeterias.

“Why charge the students more money through higher board
prices? Senia questioned, and continued,”Why should student
derived profits offset FSA deficits?” all student dorm dining halls
operate at a profit, it would seem students are entitled to refunds, not
increases. ”

The largest annual Food Service loser continues to be the Campus
Center which lost $222,298 in 1970—71. The Campus Center food
operations have last money ever since opening in the spring of 1967.
Board members questioned where specifically in the Campus Center
he losses are and why the losses have gone unchecked for so long.

Cooley stated that the losses are in the operation of the Campus
Center Cafeteria. “The Snack-bar makes money," claims Cooley,
continuing, “The Patroon Room should break about even. Special
Functions make money." These vieWs of the FSA director were
immediately challenged. Other FSA employees admit the CC Cafeteria
may lbse a little “But the white elephant of the Campus Center is the
Patroon Room, a faculty dining club." FSA employees charge further
that Special Functions, primarily administrative and faculty parties
and dinners, have been notoriously under charged.

A New York State audit of FSA completed in 1968 adds weight to
student and employee contentions. The FSA food units involved are
the Campus Center Snack-bar, Campus Center Cafeteria, Patroon
Room, and Special Functions. State Auditors reasoned, “We under-
stand that the Campus Center Snack-bar is a profit making operation.
The Campus Center Cafeteria is similar to the Quad Cafeterias which
have been operated profitably and it would be reasonable to assume
that the Campus Center Cafeteria should also produce favorable
results. If this is the case, then the losses are the results of the
operations of the Patroon Room and Special Functions."

The Membership Board, Board of Directors of FSA and students
desire to know "where and how white the Campus Center elephant
really is." State Auditors recommended in the mid 60's that costs
should be keptceperately for each food unit in the Campus Center.
“This will enable the operating efficiency of each unit to be
determined precisely so that needed changes in operating procedures
can be made on a timely basis." One board metnbcr asked,“Just how
much of a service are the food serviCe units to the University if they
lost a quarter of a million dollars?

Some students are also pressing for hard facts and reasons w
student derived profits have been used to fund Faculty Housing,
Mohawk Campus, dinners, parties, program items, Alumni Office, and
the SUNYA Foundation. With few answers available, this meeting and
these articles are to be continued. On November 30th, 2:30 p.m., in
administration 253, questions will be answered. As newly ucon-
stituent members" everyone in the University community has the,
right to attend this FSA Board meeting,

ucb
presents:

 

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

     
   

wa-

Socialist Party Chairman, Michael Harrington, spoke on “Politics in I972" Thursday night. Some 500

people were in attendence.

Council ‘ Condemns ’

by Allen Altman
over in their budget at the end of

Central Council member Jack the year is transferred to the

.errgv AWN-“4"”

Schwartz proposed that “the Athle-
tic Advisory Board surplus be
returned to the Emergency Line
of Council’s budget" at the Cen-
tral Council meeting on Thursday.

The surplus, which is $150,000
at the present time, came about
by budgeting more money to the
Athletic Advisroy Board than was
needed each year. Anv monev left

. such things

surplus. The surplus is used for
as the formation of
new teams and future field im-
provements.

Schwartz commented that "if
any other group had padded its
budget as much as this, they
would be frozen immediately.“
Other Student Association groups
who do not spend their entire

JETHRO TU LL 

Perception's recording artist and SUNYA's very own JOHN SIMSON

Palace Theatre
Thursday, November 4 at 8 pm

Socialist Harringon:

Structural Changes Needed

by David Taffet

Michael Harrington, chairman of the Socialist Party, did not speak
about the war in Vietnam last Thursday night. He explained that the
importance of withdrawal is not isolated to his political ideology.
Harrington did discuss the meaning of socialism and its political
relevance in the United States.

The chairman first examined socialist movements throughout the
world during the last one hundred years. According to Harrington,
countries such as the Soviet Union are not truly socialist, “It is not a
totalitarian form of government, " Harrington said, defining the
concept of socialism. “The people own the state which in turn owns
the means of production." Harrington also said that “democracy is
not an afterthought of socialism. It is the emblem."

Harrington, author of The Other A nicrica does not Propose reforms
but structural changes in the United States. He said that reforms
resulting in a welfare state are not socialism.

Discussing Nixon‘s 90-day price and wage freeze, Harrington accused
the president of using collectivist techniques for conservative ends.

The socialist party no longer puts up candidates of its own,
according to the party head. Harrington said that although his politics
go beyond liberalism, he would support liberal candidates in 1972.

 

$3 with student tax and ID

$6 without (university ID or proof of 18 required)
buses will run from the circle to the Palace and back to campus after the show

tickets go on sale Monday, Nov. 1 on the CC balcony

 

PAGE 3

n, umwmw "new :m  «we

Tribune

budgets by the end of the year
relinquish the surplus to Student
Association.

The proposed bill was past-
poned until after December 1 in
order to give the committee con-
cerning the Athletic Advisory
Board, formed last week, time to
report.

In other action, Council member
Jack Schwartz prepared that “Cen-
tral Council recommend to the
Administration that campus secur-
ity refer all offenses occuring on
campus to the campus judiciary
and end the policy of sending
offending students, faculty, or
staff to criminal court." Discussion
over the propmul centered on the
idea of referring all offenses to the
campus judiciary. Council decided
that they had no way of deciding
which crimes were serious enough
for criminal court action as up
posed to campus judiciary action,
As a result, Council invited Sha-
ron Stiller, Chief-Justice of the
University Student Judicial Com-
mittee, Jim Williams, Head of
Security, and Sandy Rosenblum,
student lawyer, to the next CoLin-
cil meeting to discuss the proposal.

By a 18-1-3 vote, Central Coun-
cil voted to “condemn the general
policy of the Tower Tribune as
both unnecessary and insensitive
in publication of student names
involved in alleged criminal activi-
ty." A committee was established
to inquire into the policies of the
Tower Tribune, Security, and the
University Administration regard-
ing release and publication ofsuch
information. Discussion OVer the
issue centered on trying to decide
if Council was trying to censor the
policies of another publication.
Council decided that since they
haVe no control over the Tower
Tribune, they could show their
disapproval of its policies without
censoring it.

 

For the best of service sec...
Tony ior Joe
at
A more '3' Barber Shop
Phone: 482» 3956
859 Madison Ave. Albany. NY.

 

==lO"/. Discount Wlth This Ad
\oo It .i \tlr l'l toil ( til I nut! J l’Jiilmtl' j
WIIU \AV 5'
\I Al IS I-AIII l.‘ 1“!
lANh IUl'S Inn Hi 5}
l'AthllS urn Itt H

Kuperberg‘s Stout
Slender Shop

unma- m
up... law. not“...

     

m r in. r

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

