 

 

PAGE 2'

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1971

 

Muskie Gives Views

On Women’s Rights

by Sibel Bulay

_Senntor Edmund Muskie charged Monday night that President
Nixon has opposed any action to further the cause of women’s rights
Muskie opened his speech at the “Freedom Forum" in Schenectady
With the usual anecdotes, and commented on Mayor Lindsay’s change
of party: “You know, whenever I’m in New York these days ‘I’m
asked what I think about Mayor Lindsay becoming a Democrat My
answer is that I can understand why. He suddenly focused on what
five years of Republican rule has done to New York City " Muskie
went on to say that, "I really think that John made the right move I
think that his political prospects have brightened. At about the same=
age Winston Churchill made the same move and I think that it was
 years later that he became prime minister of Great
The'Senator had originally planned to talk about the presidency in
America. He spoke, instead, about women's rights. He had prepared a
speech on women's rights to present before an exclusively female
audience, but changed his mind and decided to present it before a
mixed audienceg as “most women already understand sex discrimina-
tion. They live with it every day. But most men here and everywhefe
In American are still not truly committed to women’s rights not do
they understand what the women are talking about.” H
Muskie accused Nixon of not only opposing any action to further
the cause of women's rights, such as his opposition to the comprehen-
sive day care bill, but of refusing to propose any bills himself: “Eight
years after John Kennedy appointed the first presidential commission
on the status of women, Richard Nixon said that the Democratsihud
not 'moved fast enough or far enough on women‘s rights A The
President was right—we had not moved fast enough. So Nixon
appornted another task force which reported its findings in 1970. The
report was printed and the president has ignored virtually all of their
recommendations. Let me say to you that what we are discussing is
not some female fad. It is a fundamental of the American assumption
of'equality among all those privileged to live and enjoy citizenship in
this country." Muskie went on to say that the iinwer to sex
discrimination is not more task forces and study commissions since
if we do not know by now what must be done, we never‘will "
Instead, Muskie proposes that women be guaranteed admission to
publicly supported higher education under the same standards as men
and that "we must broaden the coverage of the equal pay and equal
employment acts to cover every job in government and in the private
sector. He urges that the Congress not delay beyond this spring
approval of the equal rights amendment of the Constitution: “That
would be the singlemost vital victory to the cause of women's rights "1
After srxty minutes of championing the cause of women 's rights the
Sienat'ofr tugpisheg :is image as a crusader for women. When risked how
s wl e 0 nine er ri hts tl‘i ' ' ' '
“By “Wing me u baby sag}... s in equal in their household, he replied,

    

Robert McCabe, a senior living

remove his waterbed from his room. The bed ’ '
. _ , which weighs 3.? pounds par 3 uare an '
reportedly too heavy. McCabe claims tlrai a Dean’s desk, which weighs at least I30 [llllllllli’l‘plllf'

square foot, is more harmful.

...ptifloi'li‘

Student Ordered To Remove
Waterbed That Is “Too Heavy”

by Glenn l'OIl Nos/it:

Senior Robert McCabc's water-
bed is only half-filled and has
double linings. Nevertheless, his
Quad Coordinator has ordered
him to remove it from his room in
Cayuga Hall.

The Quad Coordinator reports
edly told McCabe that his bed is
too heavy, and he cited the figure
of forty-five pounds per square
foot as the maximum floor load in
the residence halls. McCabe claims
that with his bed only half-filled,
it weighs only thirty-two pounds
per square foot and that he
should, consequently, be allowed
to keep it.

 

 

 

CC Assembly Hall

CC Fireside lounge

Charming Hall

Held in [C 25
All Alli lllVllEDl

 

SUN YA GA Y ALLIANCE
Weekend Activities

Fri. Dec. 3- at 8:30 lack Baker speaking on Gay liberation

Sat. Dec. 4- at 1:00 pm General Rap Session with Jack and Mike

at 6:30 pm People’s Feast
Bring loud it you can, it not, yourself!
Charming Hall (across lrom Draper Hall)
at 9:00 pm Community Dance

with live music of ’lhorn’- Dance Donation- $1.50

Sun. Dec. 5- at 1:00 pm Day Activist Alliance at NY
video tapes ol : Albany March Christopher Street Marches
7 lesbians- David Susskind Show

and others

 

McCabe alleges that a typical
Dean's desk exerts a force of iit
least one hundred pounds per
square foot. Although McCabe is
not a physics major, he concludes
that a Dean‘s desk is more struc-
turally harmful to a building than
is his water bed.

Another reason gchn for the
removal of his water bed is the
danger of leakage and the result-
ing water damage. McCabc claims,
however, that his watcrbed is
guaranteed for five years, and that
it has a double lining which makes
it nearly foolproof.

Even though he is slated to
appear before the Judicial Board,
McCabe still refuses to move his
waterbed. He says that when he
signed his housing contract there

was no regulation against such
beds. Furthermore, he is "chal
lengirig any Dean to stand trial
with me," since a Dean's desk
allegedly weighs more than his
waterbed. Whiit bothers Mct‘ahi-
most about his situation is that a
note will appear in his transcript
folder reporting that disciplinary
action was taken against him, but
not specifying why this disci
plinary action was taken. Mc(‘aln-
will be applying to graduate
schools next semester,

McCabe says that he enjoys his
waterbed, and he comments that
sleeping on one “is just like float
ing," Indeed, McCabe is so (lt‘
voted to his waterbed that lN' is
risking rejection by graduate
schools in order to keep it.

Underclassmen May Apply
For 5/ U Grading Exemption

Freshman iind sophomore stu-
dents desiring exemption from
S/U grading for the Spring l972
semester may now apply for A-h‘
grading.

The Undergraduate Academic
Council iit its last meeting passed
a resolution extending S/U grad~
ing exemptions to freshmen and
sophomore students for Spring
‘72. This action will be reported
to the University Senate iit its
December l.'l meeting, ‘

Students desiring ii grading
exumplion may obtain aml return
an application for All grading iii
the University College- (Uer liti)
Nli'tlt'llllll can lN' taken on llll'M"
petitions until after the llei'cmhi-r
lil meeting of the Senate

The Undergraduate
Council's resolution states that
should a new undergraduate
grading policy not be adopted for

Acudcm it-

the Spring '72 semester, the Aca
demic Standing Committee shall
receive petitions for exemption
for Freshmen-Sophomore H/ll
grading for the
somestcr and all such petitions

Spring Itt7‘l
receiver] not later than Januan
25, l972. shall he granted." .
'l‘lie llniVersity College Wlll
notify llii-st‘ sllltlr‘tits in writing of
lllt‘ll‘ exemption from S/ll griul
iiig. Students who .‘Il’t' grantcrl thr-
ext-iiiption will not he t'Xt‘lllDlt‘ll
front 3/“
specifically
grading

gi'mliiig in courses
(lt‘hlL‘llult'tl l'ni' Hll’

 

Indian

admission:
JSC Members - Free
Others - 25‘

 

ELEER ‘& POTATO LATKES

 

 

Chanukkah Party

Sat. December}, 9 pm

live entertainment by Monolith

Quad U-Lounge

 

 

 

University Library
Hard Hit by Freeze

by Ray Lewis

The ramifications of the state-wide budget freeze
have been felt severely by all departments of the
university community. One of the hardest hit areas
has been the University Library. In an interview
with John Ashton, Director of the Library, this
reporter learned some of the unique problems facing
the Library this year.

in light of the budget. freeze and the subsequent
forced savings program imposed upon this institu-
tion, the Library has no free funds this year with
which to launch any new buying programs. As
Ashton explained. under it forced savings system,
libraries in general are always hard hit since those
funds allocated for the purpose of buying new
books are viewed as "excess" by the state and are
hence consumed. Since the Library must wait for
the books to be published before they spend their
appropriation, they find themselves in a very vul-
nurable position.

In other respecLs, the Library is attempting to
function normally. For example, the Library has
retained all journal subscriptions for this year in
order to reserve continuity with previous purchases.
As Ashton pointed out, the Library would prefer to
have complete sets of magazines and not suspend
any existing subscriptions. in addition, our blanket
or approval order has been maintained on a par basis
with last year with only a 6% increase to compen-
sate for a rise in costs. This blanket order is a
standing order, whereby all books printed in English
in the United States which demonstrate some
positive interest for the University Community are
automatically purchased and received by the Uni-
versity Library. Ashton feels that “we shall not be
able to maintain our blanket order unless more
forced savings are imposed upon us,"

The budget freeze has left the Library without the
proper funds to buy a sufficient number of copies
for the reserve room reading shelves. But more
important, the freeze has created serious staffing
problems. To (late, the Library has been unable to
refill any job vacancies that occur and furthermore,
any replacument for a student salaried by temporary
funds must be approved by the Director of the
Budget. Ashton said that nowhere is this man-power
shortagt' more acutely felt than behind the circular
lion desk. At present, that staff is operating at only
MW; of its full capacity and at the same time must
accommodate a til "5 increase Ill [be gciici'al use of
llll' library facilities. This incongruin has but to an
eight-(lay backup in the ri-sliclvmg of returned
books. The help slioi'lngc Iichind lllt' (it-sh has
SlUWl'tl tip the check-out of books as wcll Ashton
[)(illllt'fl oiil that lllt‘ compulcr system, cmploycd by
the Library last year, did not work otil favorably
and hence a return to a lilillllltll system this yi-ar was
affected. This manual systcm, Ashton llllll'(l, is

transitory, Ashton hopes to [llllt‘t' the Library on .l
more I‘t‘SptlllSIVt‘ i'iitiiptilt-r hyslt‘ltl, tillt'l‘ lllt‘ funds
are made available. Yet in any i-Vciit, llllh niaiiiiiil
system, coupled willi a skeleton lalioi' fttl'l'l‘, has
taxed the efficiency of the library tt|)l‘i'.ll|t)ll

()nce funding problems are rcsolvcd. the Iiiliriiry
hopes to expand ovcr lllt‘ next si-Vi-ral years, in ii

series of stages. Ashton fut-ls that the present
l'iicilitics can accommodati- the university com-
munity for the next five years. Internal reorganiza

lion, he feels, where-by shelving and scaling space is
i'cvaiiipcil, will lcniporily solve spiici- problems.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Library Director John Ashton has rep
cutbacks in library services, and that th
staff cuts. Also contributing to this delay

-
_
“w

H?!

   

n

 

‘ M. I " i . .
orted that the recent budget freeze has necessitated deep
ere exists an eight day backlog in book reshelving due to
is the manual checli-out system now) being used.

  

.. . potluck

Board Hike Plans Dropped

continued from page I

“l'm getting fed up with not
knowing what‘s happening at
these meetings until they start,"
one student obserVed, adding that.
Cooley had been given a month to
prepare the information. Another
countered Hartley's argument by
contending that “We. could have
taken action if we had been given
the information and knew Whtll
was going on,"

The exchange grew heated at
times, as arguments ensued over
each of the proposals and then,
whether anything ought to be
done at all lit-causi- of the lack of
information.

Proposals on the floor included:

Accepting (‘ooli-y's sugch-
lions.

lieccssiiig the
study tlicm more fully.

Accepting some and rcii-cling

meeting to

others
Bringing in
('(itllllttlll§,”
l‘h‘tltllllg management hack
“to do their homework again."
llciie/n-l was in the unfortunate
position of liiivuig to lllt‘tlltllt' the

"outside ac

disputes.

'I'Ill‘.‘ lll‘flixi 'I'Ii'
After much (lehiitc, it was tlc
cirlcd to voti- and it new problem
came to the- surf:

 

A: Should the
membership vulc, or should only

the Directors cast ballots?This
issue split the students themselves
with Lampert arguing that under
the by-laws only the directors
have power to make policy de-
cisions and undergraduates who
are not directors claiming that
they would be “disenfranchised”
and "the spirit of the actions of
the last meeting would be vio~
lated.”

Bent-set ruled in favor of Lamv
pert (who found himself on the
same side as the administrators on
this particular issue). and the
Directors, with the Membership
Board entering the discussion but
not voting. decided to:

Close the (‘olonial Quad Cash
line so more business would be
forch upon the Campus Center
operations which, Cooley fell, will
enable the Campus Center to
make a profit, tit lost $232,000
last year).

Close the Bi‘ubiicher Snack
Bar and replace it with a vending
opt-ration, so undergraduate stu-
dents would no longer be forced to
underwrite the operations‘ steady
losses.

 (.oiitinut- Special Functions
which, Cooley claims, runs in the
black but which some under-
graduates say loses money. (The
students point to a ltlﬁh State of
New York audit as evidence; it

 

 

 

 

 

infers that the opposite of
Cooley's contentions.)

The other proposals were sent
back for further study; a com-
mittee composed of John Hartley
(administration), Dr. Walter Balk
(faculty) and Carol Hughes (stu-
dent) will examine them more
closely and come back to the
membership iind directors with
more information and suggestions.

The combined meeting will take
place December If) at 3:00 and
everyone in the university com-
munity can attend. The main
discussion will deal with the
much-disputed Campus Center
food operation which, oddly. was
supposed to be the main subject
of Monday afternoon's meeting.

Help Children

Recently, a group of faculty

anti graduate level students a-
greed to workwitli the Upstate
Community Service Bureau, an
arm of the State Division For
Youth, in an attempt to find
suitable foster homes for ado-
lcsccnl boys and girls. Joseph
(inrhin, a graduate student at
the School of Social Welfare,
says that many of these boys
and girls liiid to be placed in
training schools because they
had extremely poor family situ-
ations. Most of these children
are between the ages of 11
and 16, and about 35% are
black or l’uarto Rican. Giirbin
I'm-ls that a Univcrsity as large
as HUNYA should be iiblc to
provide many interested and
dedicated familcs who will be
abh- to help. More specific iii-
t'oriiiallon can he obtained by
calling the Social Services Stud»
y Unit of the School of Social
Welfiirc iit rl72-H2t35.

a NOTICE a

A meeting of the Members
and Directors of

 

Faculty-Student Association

of the State University of
New York at Albany, Inc.
will be held on Wednesday,
December 15th, 1971 at
3:00 pm in Room 375 of
j the Campus Center.

*Gﬁﬂﬂﬁllél

 

 

 

 

.“4

 .

 

a

 

 

