 

 

 

  

PAGE 4

1"" I /' V’gﬁ’rﬁ' I

Earth News . 4/ Ali/j,

" . I." Vii/1,3
Black Panther Party chairman to. w' 1in ill/'1;
Bobby Scale told an audience l'igyi’l'ﬁfyriﬁllil'”
at Stanford University last '; v 5’ {il‘ftiii'o' ,., It?"

week that the panther Party is ,‘id'bﬂi‘vl  "
dropping its “para-military ti- I» ‘ -'

ties" and will concentrate in-
stead on providing free medical
and clothing clinics to serve
the poor.

Seale said the Panthers were
not calling on people to pick
up guns; he said party mem-
bers are being asked to point
out the oppressiveness of the
American system to the people
through genuine service pro-
jects. He added that the call to
guns was being advocated by
those he called “a few defect-
or” - a reference to Eldridge
Cleaver who heads up the more
militant international faction of
the Panther Party(

Seale insisted that the Black
Panther Party’s free breakfast
program has provided more
concrete beneﬁts than is pro-
vided by the $10 billion spent
through the govvrnmcnl‘s war
on poverty.

Johns
Song

Furl/i News

John Lennon has written a
song dramaticizing the pre-
diciment ofthe Rainbow
People's Party i Chair-
man John Sinclair.

The Ann Arbor, Michigan,
Rainbow Party reports that

agents.
Part of the song says:
"it ain't fair, John Sinclair

“Let him be, let him free

.. And did you voluntarily «up! a free, hot meal from lino NI» en. t
M rune mm" September nine, ninoiun hun’eri an’ Sine-nv-u7

In the stir for breathing air " \Vlll

 

ALBANY jS'l' UDENT PRESS

 

i" when

11" bl’inll Ctthil‘ll’d Hf lliVintt prisoning free thinkcrs Iikc
Iwo Joints to undercover police smegm- i'm 5pm,ka grass

A spokesman for thc Raili-
liow People’s Party said it is
not known yet whether Lennon
include the song called
“John Sinclair” on his next al-

Lennon h“.g wriuw, 3, “mm. Let him be like you and burn. Other songs on John‘s

.. . _ .i
verse song based on_ Sinclair’s mu
marijuana bust and his El-and-a- Loununis 5m,” “0% “n

half to ten-year prison si-n-

prison in Michigan in liltié) af-

i‘; IS ALWAYS
, ORIGINAL

 

And the ring, the symbol of your speeial love.

should be original Our llllgS are d05igncd and

handcrafted in the studio workshops of one

of the country's leading manufacturers 0t

diamond engagement and wedding rings, We

call them "Originals" because they are

made only in a limited edition

From Old World Antique to Now Contemporary

we have the style for you.

And we bring these exqmsne rings to you.

direct from the manufacturer . . Ior as much

as 35% less than you'd normally expect to pay.

Call yourcampus representative today , . and

see his whole collection He has a book entitled

“Check List For A Perfect Wedding" for you
.just for looking.

Rosie Pugliese in Schenectady
aﬂa 393-5638

AMERICAN CAMPUS SALES ASSOCIATES

payinanl plan available

 
       



.1

u:
Eﬁmed

“9

‘ _ _ l“ o n e
_ > Cl’ll'CWA' “1" AHN'HCE‘" le'l‘m' State, Attica State” and anoth-
tcncc, Sinclair was sentenced to ment which he says decorates
war Iii-mes for killing while im- engined “Tim. Luck

and Yoko's next record are
entitled “Attica

or one about the Belfast riots
of the

Dick ?

'l'wclve

Irish"

y l‘ H r S 2| '1 i)
when Richard Nixon was Vice«
President, President Dwight
Eisenhower hail scheduled a
summit conference with Soviet
l’remicr Nikita Krushclicv 'l‘hat
summit conference blew up
when Soviets shot down an
American spy pliiiic and its pi-
lot iiver Russia. Now, as Presi-
dent Nixon prepares for anoth-
cr summit conference, this one
With the leaders of Red (fliinii,
it appears tliiil ii similar diplo-
matic disaster could take place.
According to the prestigious
aerospace journal, Aviation
Week and Space 'I‘eclinology,
“unmanned U.S.. reconnaissance
flights over mainland China arc
continuing despitil Nixon Ad-
minL-itriition deep background
leaks to the press that missions
by drones and Lockheed Sit-71
aircraft have been stopped.

 

 

W NOTICE m

A meeting of the

Constituent Members of
Faculty-Student Association
of State University of
New York at Albany, Inc.

will be held Friday,

December IO at 3:30

in the Campus Center
Assembly Hall.

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1971

People's Prist

About 200 delegates from 30 states left Dallas, Texas yester-
day (Monday) after a four day conVention called to put 1. cm“.
ble fourth political party into action.

Early on, the delegates chose the 'name “People’s party" In
represent the coalition of several different fringe parties. Th.
People’s Party is made up of the New Party, the Coalition, 1},“
Peace and Freedom Party and several other, smaller political fac~
tions.

Two of the men who have been at the forefront of the no“.
party movement were voted to top positions in the Poiipipi,
Party slate of candidatesi. Dr. Benjamin Spock will act 35 1h,
stand-in Presidential candidate in the elections in States when.“
candidate’s name must appear on the ballot. Author (iorc Vain
was selected to the job of Secretary of State.

One of the plans of the People’s Party is to nominate a slim].
ow cabinet as well as a Presidential and VICP-Prcsldentlitl Ciilltll.
date. The party thinks the voters should know who will he ii...
men advising the President. for four years.

According to Lester Perkins of Phoenix, a reporter Add (Me-
gate to the convention, the People’s Party decided to emit. 1,“.
new major cabinet posts, Secretary of Peace and Secretary Hi
The Arts and Culture.

Two positions were also announced for every caliini-i ioh—nnt
for a woman and the other for a man,

The delegates decided to meet once again in Florida slltirllt
after the Democratic National Convention in Miami iii-xi turn.
mer. It is expected that the People’s Party will then ui-i .,
boost from ilissenchantcd, dissatisfied or detecting denim-ran

Dr. Spock, according to Perkins, was pushing for Xi-u Yon.
Congresswoman Shirley Chissulm as the Presidential iniiiihiliiw
Miss Chissolm. however, tolil the People’s Party tliai ~lii- I\ (Will.
sidei'ing making a serious bid for llli' White House as .l bum.
ocrat.

I’i-rkins said it was felt at the convention that it Ill'i' ltvmn
cralic bid failed she would come over to the New l,i|II\ ‘Ii‘
my own opinion," l’crkins said, “that unless iri- gi'l \Ullliii‘li
like her we will not be considered seriously "

Alaskan Senator Mike Gravel spoke at the (,‘onri-niion Imi lli
too, is not yet committing himself to the Pi‘iiplc's l‘.iri\

A People's Party platform was worked on again. .l~ ii wit
the last convention in July, but llil‘ document \llll has \l'l in
be finalized.

Capitol or Capitol

liar/Ii News

Apple Records. Capitol Records and Columbia lil'i'iitllx mi

havenotcometo an agreement yet on who \\'|ll ill‘lllltilli‘ Till
(icorgc Harrison Biiiigla [)0in album, a (llllllllt‘ .illiiim '-\llliIl up
recorded three months ago. The proceeds from llll' Ililiil‘l',
which included artists like Harrison, Rob l)\'liiu. iliil lv""'v
Russell were supposed to go to Pakistani rcfiigi-i-x. il‘~ lll' iii:

l’rtllilﬁ from the album, profits expected to be \l'\l'|.ll llillllllli
dollars

Harrison said on lhc llick l‘aveit show last \i'w-k Illill iI

('apitiil Records that is holding up the distribution ol iliw i
bum. Harrison said iliat Capitol ri-fiisi-s io distributi- llli' mm!
at cost

(‘apitol president Bhaskar Manon immediately lewl .. rum-
l)'i(‘i|lt‘(l. limitthy statement saying, in esscncv that ll-lll'lxiill lll'l
not know thiI facts and that Capitol is still trying l“ “‘“l
“links mil with Apple and Columbia, which is l)_vl.iii\ l-IIH'I

S" "(’lmdl’ knows, or will say, when Illi' record \\’Ill i'lllllt'
out. Negotiations are continuing A (lupiiol i-xcciitiii- \\.i- .l‘b“ll
when the record will be distributed and said, “i honestli i.iii'i
answer that." Harrison says that he would lllx’i‘ io \l‘t' I| iulmsi-il
in time for Christmas. Columbia Records isn‘t talking

Rhahé'ﬂhk

NEW YORK AP r Gov. Rockefeller warned 'l‘hursihir lllill if «I
Pnlch‘lcd $Ii5-billion budget gap for the next If» months hail
t9 bc met through cuts alone it would mean Wlillt-riiillll'm ""lmi'
tions in health, education, and welfare programs.

The governor also said at a press conference that lit' \\'||lllll
announce his proposed tax package sometime this weekend -Ill‘l
set ii (late for a special legisliitiVe session on fiscal matters

Rockefeller emphasized that the cuts be listed ware unit “5'
pothetical, amounting to 500 million in stale-purposes iii‘lii1"i”“"
iind $1 billion in local assistance.

 

PARTY

SPONSORED ElV DLHCH QUAD BOARD

featuring [IVE BAND!
BEER! WINE! GO-GO GIRLS!

Saturday, December 4th
9 pm til I am

 

Dll‘l'Cll QUAD FLAG ROOM ID REQUIRED $.50

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1971 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Dope Is Death

 

NEW YORK (LNS) — For 17 months after he went underground in April 1970, very little-was
heard from H. Rap Brown, former chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee
(SNCC) except for his place of honor of the I’Bl's expanded most-wanted list. There were a few
messages printed in the SNCC paper or other black papers, to the effect that he was alch and
well Then on October 15, four black men were busted while they Were trying to hold up

Manhattan’s Red Carpet Lounge, a dark little bar down some steps on 85th Street, in a
predominately black and Puerto Rican neighborhood. Shiny Cadillacs often line the bars tront
curb and there is a rumor ﬂoating around that it is a drug drop for the kids at Brandeis High
School across the street. A few hours after they were in custody, the cops claimed they had it.
Rap Brown in their hands. _ '

For quite a while the man in the Bi-llcvuc hospital prison bed, who was shot twice in lhiI
It wasn't until over a month later that supporters of

stomach, claimed lll' was “Roy Williams ” '
Wounds publicly announccd

the man who was awaiting another operation to repair his gunshot
that he was H Rap Brown. ‘
At the same press conference where these supporters identified Rap Brown, the formation tll
the H Rap Brown Anti-Dope Movement was announced, Nor. 2-]. The Morcmi-nt was‘sponsori-rl
by a coalition of groups represented by fOI'llll'l‘ (ii-orgia representative Julian Bond; I‘I‘I'(l hli‘i-ly
of thc Niit'l (.‘ongi‘i-ss; Mrs Rosa Ilaniiltoii iif the New York City-\Vitll'.I‘Vt'll'ill'l' Rights
organization; Rev Alfred Sliarpion of the National Youth ltlovcnicnt. Mamu Amiri Uziraka iLcroi
Jones) of the Committee for ii l'nili-il Newark; and l’opi Sharp of the Black l‘i-iipIi-s' Unity
Movement of (‘:iiiidcii. N..J
The movement plans to be I ‘
elimination of ilopi- from the black community by waging an aggressch campaign against dope,
dopc pushcrs and (lopi- suppliers."
lllack communities have made many
stoops our llilll\\’ti_\'s and our schools. We harc also tried to rid ourselves ol
function is the destruction of our families by selling (lope...
“There have been numerous incidents of mothers. fathers.
upon tlii'nisi-lves to drive pusliors and their Micrillcil “legitiiiialn” .
restaurants canilv and “variety” stores. florist shops. laiinilrii-s and cleaning establishments oiil ot
‘ because they blow been tilt!!!“ in this struggle, tlii- impact of tlicir work has bad

a nation-wide coordinating group \\'lll|\i' “primarr goal is the
attempts to stop the flow of itiipi- t'i-ini I'I‘lit‘lllllL‘ our
those whose sole

friends and i'i-lalircs who have iakcii
fronts such as bars,

the black area
a limited effect
“We ask the aid and assistance of all sectors of the black community» studi-iils, slri-i't blocks,
artists, anti-poverty organizations, housewives aiiil radio and TV pci‘sonncl to contact the II. Rap
Brown Anti-Dope Mori-mi-nl, Ii-lti W. 20th Street. New York, New York IOU] I.

When questioned by reporters, Bond (as acting spokesman for the griiiipl said I
anti-dope movement “would not only have its own surveillance, but its own tribunal and its own

that the

punishment_" ‘ I I ‘
[In said that, the purpose of the Anti-Dope Miivcmcnl was to “cliiiiinalc pcoplp dealing in
dope.” When questioned further, Bond said they would first use “moral pcrsnasron and il that
didn’t work, “mori- forceful deliberate means.‘ ‘ ”
And the Red Carpet Lounge? “I'm not willing to say anything about the Red Larpel Lounge,
said Bond drily. "Or any candy store, lounge. bar, laundry or cleaning establishment. The bliick

,. , . ,..
commiinitv knows which places are well-known drop-oil places loi dopi.

 

 

e,

f .

Beechwood Ageing
could be an -~
“advertising gimmick.” "

  
 
  
   
   
     

But it isn’t.

(For instance,

last year we bought
almost 2% million
pounds of Beechwood
strips . . . enough to
fill 67 freight cars.)

WHEN YOU SAY

Budweisec

YOU'VE SAID IT ALLl

ANlllllStll UUSCll. INC ~ 5| tOUlh

     
 

l A (I I! ll 5! I I H ‘
It.” 4.... .w' i...» A-
dlqu (innit. 44.1 lam Rd‘lt‘u
i ﬂit/{om 1 - lymaf Kc
3.x." ' a '35: “it:

.u-
n K ﬂ<v~>

     
  

 

 
 

 

 

 

ll

    
  

 I

 

iiiiw

 

       

' / “k
Al i

A ' I
III "«
l il‘i ‘ )1)

Illf/ﬂlliii it at

"i
i 4
il‘

 

I'I t’t'i

 

Birth Right
‘i‘l|\'l‘ zilli'i‘tinliw- lo abortion
Non profit.
non tllililUlllllitlIilllill
free. no charge

iiiiiiim‘niei-i /\Iii.iiiy

 

Hi i .'lli' Iliii Jliiii

 

PAGE 5

I:

,I/

,r i W“‘_
/ "w hi

  

 

 

"it," y

\ll i

will I

m (ASE you HAVEN'T liar/(ED...
(r am! Milt Writ IN
, MINERVA W war.

[I

 

.ywutgmz»wm«¥c‘” W” I I

iiiiiiimw

,—%

   
  

 

 

I F G Presents.-

A Surpdse

$.50 with tax

FHnilﬂasdc
$l without

Saturday, Dec. 41b in LC l8 7:15 & 9zl5 pm

 

 

 

