  
 
    
   
  
   

i

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
   
    
     
  
    
   
 

edi orial comment

The Fall of the Court

People have largely forgotten until recently that there are three
branches of the federal government. The Presidency and Congress,
so often in the news, have overshadowed that third branch, and
have largely allowed that branch to starve both financially and
physically.

Now, with a conservative President, and a Congress which
maintains a staunch Southern flavor. the Courts are the last
defense of American civil liberties. More and more attention is
being foctrscd on our corrrts as accused and imprisoned political
activists cotne to trial, and as court decisions soften the blows at
civil liberties.

At this strategic juncture. it is a terrible blow to find a Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court who is a Nixon appointee, an
Associate Justice who is a Nixon appointee, and now not one but
two new positions which Nixon will fill before he leaves. The
resignations, coming witlrrrr six days of each other. of .lusticcs
Black and Harlan, will give King Richard jimrof the nrrre seats on
that highest ofcourts.

On so many issues. it iras been the Supreme Court. with rts
relative freedom from politics. which has carried out the reform
measures so long fought for and lost or the Congress. II is not hard
to envision the downfall of the current integration drive in botlr
North and South as a (‘ourtfnl of Southern Republicans take their
places on the bench.

The United States Supreme (‘orrrt is the trltirnatc body of appeal

of all legal cases involving fundamental freedoms. Though rts
decisiops do not as a rtrle rnrrke headlines, such recent cases as
Baker v. Carr which delineated the principle ot "one man. one
vote," will change the course of events in America. The work of
upholding basic human freedoms must not come to a halt because
of the backward views of one man,

There is something you can do about it. An indecisive Senate
managed to get up enough guts to resist (successfully) the
nominations of both C. Harold Carswcil and Clement llaines-
worth a few short years ago, and they can do it again ifenough
people show interest in the nomination. Concerned Citizens have
guts to show interest in this matter. since it infringes upon your
last legal body of appeal: the Supreme Court.

Historians have long observed that Supreme Court nominations.
rare because appointment to the Court is for life, are sometimes a
president’s greatest mark on history. Dick Nixon is about to make
the greatest mark since'Frankiyn Roosevelt, and you cart bet he
won’t rpick anyone whose mental attitude is more recent than
l932 either. Write your senator.

THE ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

Albany Student Press

tom clingan
editor-inchicf

advertising manager

news editor .

v - - . .vickizeldin - - - .jeffrodgers
associate news editor [cl'lmlﬂl/ Editors

. . . . . . maidn oringher - .sue seli§on

features editors ~_ ‘ n ~ o warrerunshnrt
john mm,“ business manager

- . debbie natansohn Phllmﬂfk

arts editors adverlisirrg production

. sieve aminnff ' - lom I'hodes
. . . michele palella ‘ ‘ ' - ~83f)’ 31mm“!
sports editor classiﬁed

. . . . . . . bob mremba - ' - - - dabble kﬂemﬂn
ap copy circulation managers

. . . . Jack summers . .marklitcbfski

photo editor - v‘ ‘ ron wood

. . . . art goodman Hum”
. . - .suepailas

Ln AlhanD Stud-Mo Jurnalo utlr starloltl mm |9t7 pot Ian Klawn dun
MB. Ll ASPo nun Iokale on Klmplooojon Ccntron combron rule-m-
~dudlk~su do In Staten Lunojon don Noun Varkon ca Alb-ovens gin
tllofono numeral-nu 467-2190 ital 467-ZIN. ASPo nus iundnta per ton
mend-ton nudlnlun Icklvocun lmposton.

Konruniknlon um linile al trteont vortan. Rodaktora administr-
unomo nt- determinate per Inn rOdIIﬂo' anon. Paco

 

.—A

/

,‘TOR THE SUPREME COURT WE’LI: NEED A lIBERALlY CONSERVATIVE WHITEJ’RO-INTEGRATION,

  

 

ANTI-EUSING, SOUTHERN WOMAN WHO LOOKS GOOD TO MINORITY GROUPSI‘

communications .

 

Inadequate Colonial

To the editor:

Recently my car was towed from univnrsity
property for being illegally parked. I was aware that
the university held this right and titrcfore. in
essence, my gripe does not stem from the incon-
venience or the $10.70 it cost me to btril my ear
out. However, there is a larger problem.

After picking up the ear I drove to Colonial
Qund's lot to park. Little to my surprise the scene
was a typical afternoon fiasco. The lot was full of
commuters and I was forced to move my car to
Dutch Quad for fear of paying another tow fee.
Colonial students are inconvenienced quite enough
just by the condition and location of the lot, but
must we also be faced with commuting students
who could very well park their cars in the larger
areas? It is illegal for cars to park between rows and
yet many afternoons those cars parked in the
restricted areas of the lot are blocked in by
commuters with no hope of getting out until classes
end for the day. Perhaps commuters find our lot
more convenient, but it is only at the expense of
Colonial Quad’s residents. Our lot is much too small
even to park Colonial residents and we have no
other area in the near vicinity. Come winter, our lot
is not only a gross inconvenience but a danger as
well.

I am aware that there is a new lot to open soon
but I'm not too optimistic that our situation will
change much. Why should a student pay $.25 an
hour when he can park for free? Even if it is
successful, we are still faced with this overcrowding
in the meantime. If my car can be towed from a
place where it was doing no harm, then I think
something should be done about the cars illegally
and dangerously parked within the confines of a lot.
If the university expects Colonial Quad residents to
park legally then they had just better be able to
offer us adequate parking. They aren't doing that
now and they should be.

Mary Greco

Think Again

To the Editor (7):

I hope you'll forgive my intrusion into your little
world, but I just can't let you continue thinking
that everyone on the podium is applauding your
courageous analytical editorial stance on “the
fucking war" and those poor maligned North
Vietnamese jailers.

First, let me guess who wrote our gem of
journtrlism...n guest editorial by the rruthor of a
leading second rate Jr. High underground news-
prrptrr7!!! (Forgive me, teenyboppEra everywhere). It
certainly isn't a product of a university level
nnalyst...my case follows:

You're right, you fox... the majority of the
American people are opposed to the war...very
good. Now if you 'd only have hrrd your mother read
you the next paragraph you would have found the
majority of the American people in support of the
president's withdrawal plan an opposed to the
precipitate abandoning ship you and your colleagues

might see as the obvious solutit)n...isn't it funny
you're the only ones to see the light'.’ Also you
might have noted there are less than half thr- l‘ S
Troops in Viet Nam now than in January of ltitill
when that warmonger Nixon took office...hut that
might spoil your fun.

Let's further question your eonvcrsnncc with the
issues at hrrnd with respect to POWs. No, Sonny. wr-
really aren’t stupid enough to expect our bomber
pilots back...besides we got plenty more. What we
are asking is compliance with portions of thr-
Geneva Conventions (remember them?) that reanrr-
publication of POWs names, correspondanct- with
immediate relatives and International Red ('rtrss
inspections. So why the big analogy with the
everpopular American Indians and Queens? lit-cause
it sounded good, right? Clever, maybe; responsible
editorializing...no,

Believe me, I don't want thatfucking Wurimy more
than you. I do believe journalism can play an
important role in pressing for an end to the war and
your journalism is perhaps as important as any in
bringing to light facts about our foreign policy
missteps. There's enough wrong that a responsible
editor need not introduco half-truths or express
sympathy for' unsympathetic causes in order to
recommend a course for peace. There are a lot of us
saying “get the fuck out" who don't want others
quoting your irresponsible editorials as examples of
our “pro-communist sentiment." In other words,
what you mean to say is very good but the reasons
you quote for saying it were very poor.

Robert B. Clemens
Grad Student

Poor Planning

Open Letter To
Architect Edward Durell Stone
And Administration Planners

The emphasis around campus seems to be on the
esthetic rather than the practical.

A prime, and expensive, example is the way the
squares at the Academic Circle were planted with
scores of little shrubs which were trampled to death
with impunity by students who have little regard for
property which is not theirs to destroy. Finding this
Protect a failure, the some areas were planted with
grass which is being walked upon as though walks
were to be avoided. It is certainly evident that the
powers that be do not take human nature into
account.

If these squares had been saturated with Wt‘l‘d
killer, then it lnrge decorative shade tree planted in
the center of each square, and the surrounding
ground covered with crushed enral stone from
Florida, then you would have a practical use and
esthetic appearance, Benches could have been built
around the base of the shade trees.

Moreover, why have you not thought of two or
three flood lights or street lights such an inn-
Washington Avenue rrt the Circle? There is no
question that such ligher would be very prrrr'ircnl,
both in terms of safety for the students and so that
the night bus drivers crrn not! if any people nrt'
upproaching from Colonial Quad, when they are
about to pull away. On tr cloudy rainy night It It.
almost impossible to tree in the right side rear VII‘W
mirror to spot people.

A reminder that an electric conduit [)Ipt‘ has
“IN-‘ﬂdy bcen put in out to the Administration
Circle.

Yours truly.
(j, McLaughlin
Burr Driver

 

 

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1971

 

letter of the week

The Mohawk Sign

 

 

To the editor:

This past summer the New York State Department
of Transportation (or was it the Highway Dept?)
made some small headlines when they attempted to
get rid of some of the eye pollution (The Billboards)
along the Northway. .

But when the smoke of the battle cleared, there
along the hillside, proud and tall, in full regulation
billboard size, stood the colorful banner of "Hyatt
House." Well, what do you know, that colorful
eyesore is standing on, you'll never guess, Mohawk

. That's right, right in the middle of our
lovely little hideaway, where we all go to play in the
“country” is a fucking billboard. Are we going to sit
back on our asses and let that Grotesque and
obscene billbOnrd continue standing there, obscur-
ing the countryside? .....By the way, WHO IS
PAYING FOR THE ELECTRICITY WHICH
LIGHTS THAT THING UP EVERY NIGHT?

Russ Kusnezov

  
 
 

  
  
    

    

 
 
  

    

1 ,25m' ' we
no DIDN'T 53.: HEA.
WHftT HHLL Does SHE
LIVE IN‘.’ BLEECKEIK

a

       
     
    

     
 

UMR

tin" liliii

l,t}ELL,_‘L MEUEA Mf- Y0“
LIKED ELLEN
mucrr ﬂNYwAY.
LESSEE 
Nancy tum/1N,
Nancy KrJlthU ..

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lsoiotionism

To the Editor:

Reading the ASP today the reader would be struck
by the all too obvious coincidence that America‘s
rapidly growing isolationism is not merely confiined
to the international scene but has converged on this
university community as well. Among the young
reformers who are forever fighting student causes
and whom we fully support, there are also some
over-ardent zealots who, in order to earn their extra
brownie points, would have us believe that the
international students on campus are a wasteful

organization and “are on their way to being phat-tech

out as F.S.A. Program items."

It is to these over-ardent zealots that we', the
foreign students, address ourselves. It is true that
our important role on this campus has forever been
played down but we do feel that it is important at
this juncture both for us and the university com-
munity in which we live that we understand each
other.

We are aware that our efforts have not contributed
to the rehabilitation of any national monument but
in one way or another we have worked to promote
an active dialogue between ourselves and our host
community. We have always provided a forum for
cultural activities both through our cultural pro-
grams inviting speakers and representing SUNYA at
international conferences and seminars.

In arranging orientation for incoming foreign
students and guests, the international students have
only taxed university finances by subsidizing 50% of
orientation costs, the foreign students paying the
other 50%. On other sister campuses the universities
have borne the expenses to full 100%.

Further comment on our modest contribution
brings to mind the International Student Office
which has been the source of information both for
Americans traveling abroad and international
coming here. The International Booth being
awarded the first prize at the State Fair further
demonstrates the .quality of our contribution to
campus life. And despite all our efforts we can do
no better than earn such not too complementary
adjectives for ourselves as “wasteful,”

Once before we were the target of unjust criticism
whose apology was conveyed to us when we
protested. But again we seem to have incurred the
wrath of those very "muckrakers" who previously
handed us an apology. We as a united body wonder
how long this past hypocritical, past hostile attitude
will be maintained against us.

With dwindling faith,
Syed Agha Jafri
President ISA

Closed Out

To the Editor:

Another exciting holiday weekend has passed with
no thought giVen to the poor students who must
remain. The library and gym both were cloued at
night. Just the situation necessary to cap off a
boring day.

True, the campus was empty but how about next
week? One isn’t. allowed to catch up on his work
after dinner or enjoy a swim or game of volleyball?

Couldn't provisions be made so workers could
adjust their schedules-- people staying trading off
with those going home. Maybe it could make this a
more lively place next week.

Kathy Walsh

 

 

communications

 

 

”... flood the political system with activity ..."

To the Editor:

The Attica massacre is now a little over one week
old. In a nation where the media bludgeons an event
to death within ten days, Attica, probably because
of the sheer brutality of the entire incident,
promises to linger on. Eleven days perhaps, possibly
twelve.

But after some of us have burned ourselves out by
yelling for the ﬁring of Oswald and the impeach-
ment of Rockefeller, how many will embark upon
the task of electorally evicting the Oswalds and
Rockefellers and Nixons from the positions of
power which enable them to make prisoners out of
all of us? How many will be willing to set about the
unglamorous task of dismantling the structures
which allow such men to come to power and permit
the prisoners and the poor to, be used as their
pawns?

The sub-abysmal conditions in the prisons of
New York State and of the nation will not be
corrected by a series of nationwide demonstrations.
It is time that the demagogues among us stopped
using the plight of the poor to score political points.

In Albany County only 2,000 of 8,000 eighteen-
21 year olds have registered to vote. Big deal, you
say. You have read Mr. Marcuse and now you know
that voting is an opiate of the masses, so you do not
partake of systemic political activity because you
feel it is necessary for the maintenance of the status
quo. Well, so are you.

Donald Luce, the journalist who exposed the Tiger
Cages in South Vietnam in 1968, has said that those
of us who do not want any part of “change within
the political system" are themselves rrn integral part
of that system.

WHAT'S WRONCz
WITH was

“They are the safety valve, the waste product,"
Luce states, "and every system, to function proper-
ly, needs to produce a waste product."

The political system of the United States could
not function as it has been functioning if everyone
eligible to participate in it was moved to political
action. But, the wrong people are realizing this. The
Republican majority of the State Legislature real-
ized the threat which IS year old voting power
posed to them, so they quickly enacted a discrimi-
natory law which said that college students must
vote at the place of their permanent residence.

Such a law is merely a device to keep the “waste
products" disenchanted enough so they will remain
outside of the system for as long as possible. What
must be done by all of those whose presence is not
wanted in the political aysten, is that they must take
political reprisnls against those who would like to
ignore their very existence.

The reprisals of a one-day demonstration or a
bombing cannot really be felt by those politicians
who are cushioned by a political system which
answers such activities by increasing its own forms
of violence (such as deception, contrived confronta-
tion and ultimately killing) which are rapidly
becoming institutions themselves.

What is necessary is to flood the political system
with activity. Prison reform will only be obtained if
there is follow-up to the outrage which many feel.
The only way to make certain that Dannemora and
the Tombs do not become echoes of Attica is to
sweep out of office those persons who have allowed
prison conditions to degenerate, work to change
those values which brand prisoners as bad boys in
need of punishment, and reconstruct, through elec-
toral sanctions, those institutions of our society
which are not only anti-black, but anti-human.

Steve Villano

mm

Jo: t2in

    

 
  

   

  

         
      
     
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
   

