  
  
  

PAGE 8

 

 

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1971

 

 

The Evolution 0! The Cinema.

. HUSBANDS

 

 

by Tom Qulgley

The contribution of the actor to
the art of film has been long
ignored by the recent mystique
that has grown up around the
auteur theory of film making (i.e.
the director as the author of a
body of film work).

John Cassavetes could easily be
classified as an auteur film maker
but because of his notoriety as an
actor and his understanding of the
film actor’s problems, Cassavetes
becomes a unique blend of auteur,
actor and writer. His latest film
HUSBANDS continues to explore
the nature of the actor as a
spontaneous creator as did his
other two experimental films; the
well received FACES (1968) and

the more obscure SHADOWS
(1960).
Cassavetes thematic explora-

tions may seem narrow, banal,
and lnfuriatingly dull to many
younger moviegoers but his fascin-
ation with human reaction and
interaction is a universal theme
that concerns those of all age
levels. HUSBANDS, not unlike
FACES, follows the exploits of
middle-aged, middle class people
as they attempt to resolve the
myth‘s of their youth with the
reality of fleeting excitement and
consistent dullness in middle age.

Harry, Archie, and Gus, three
long time confederates, are shut-
tered by the death of their other
friend Stuart. After the somber
funeral they decide to go on
anextended booze binge to forget
their loss and if possible their own
routine existence in the course of
their junket, which takes them
from New York to London, they
Find that the past is every minute
that goes by, the present is the
only persistent reality, the' myth
of their suave masculiirity is only
false bravado and the dry heavcs

are hardly any compensation for
what they finally gain in human
wisdom.

HUSBANDS has been criticized
for its morbid fascination with
human foibles but the criticism
seems a bit unfounded. Cassavetes
has fashioned a fascinating, L'pisov
die script with ironic and gross
humor, pathetic and intense dra-
ma and moments of melancholic
absurdity that link all human
beings in times of emotional
stress.

Undoubtedly the anti‘scntimcnt
critics have dug into their text-
books on Freudian psychology to

explain the “homosexual” over-
tones in the friendship between
the men and especially the char-
acterof Harry. No doubt these
elements are present but unfortu-
nately what these critics fail to see
is that there is an affinity and
comradeship between men that
transcends viscious implication
and can only be called genuine,
human warmth. It is time that this
criticsim is debunked for what it
is: anti-human.

This brings us to the superb
acting by Ben Gazzara, Peter Folk
and Cassavetes. Peter Falk as
Archie gives the most humorous
portrait of a simple, blunt man
whose sense of humor could mer-
curially change to violence or dis-
pair depending on his mood of the
moment. Cassavetes as Gas is a
truculent, overbearing cynic who
has better luck with women than
his buddies but he seeks ego infla-
tion rather than human contact.

Ben Gazzara as Harry, however,
gives one of the greatest perfor-
mances of his career. Harry is a
man whose married life is a sham-
bles of non-communication and
out~right hate. His attempts to be
sensitive iind sensible make him a
wet blanket for the others but
when he finally breaks loose, it
appears as though he is no more
free from ambivalent guilt than he
was in the beginning. It is a
disturbing, melancholic perfor-
mance by a fine dramatic actor.

Casschtcs direction is sparse
in the sense that he is basically
setting up sccncs iind lclling his
actors (with semi-improvised (lia-
loguc) create their own characlcri-
zations. If he can be faulted at
all it is due to a number l'o
overlong scenes for example the
hilarious, violent bar room section
that could be tightened. Director
of Photography Victor Kcmper
concentrates on medium and ex
trcme closcvup sh ots of the pcoplr-
and situations which are never

boring.
Cassavctcs has fashioned a sad,
sometimes rambling, frequently

brilliant film about human being
living the human coincdy and
acting out all the various rolls of
wisemcn and fools. Although thc
fate of Harry is undisclosed and
Gus and Archie are still confused
and guilty for their indiscri-ssion
at the end of the movie. llUS‘
BANDS coirtiiiucs to demonslrate
the persistent integrity of Jolrir
Cussnvctos as a director of intense
ly interpersonal themes.

 

“The Bald Soprano" and “The Measures Taken“ were the double bill that climaxed the 1970-71

SUNYA Theater season.

---roscnbcrg

Album Reviews In Brief...

by Jeff Burger

LIVE CATFISH (Epic E 30361)
is typically Detroit; the sound and
effect is somewhere between Cat~
mother and MC5; this is pure
rock & roll with great honky tonk
piano; there is a fine version of
"Whole Lot of Shakiii' (ioin' On"
and lots of good original material.

“MFOUR WAY S'l‘lililﬂ’l‘.
Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young (All.
SD-‘J. 902) is one of llu- finest live
albums to come along in a long
time; it‘s a two record set, one LP
mostly acoustic and piano work,
the second hard rock; the marlcrial
draws from both previous (lSNa’rY
I.P‘s, plus Buffalo Springfield. lhi-
Stills & Young solo LP‘s and thr-
singlc “Ohio” plus some new
material; the album drivr-s homil
just whirl grr-al lyricists and inusi~
clans they arr--

.....MA1{'I‘Y ROBBINS
(ilil‘JA'l‘ES’l‘ lll’l‘S VOL. [II (Col.
C 30571); You may rcmcmbcl'him
for “El l’aso," his only pop liil
years ago, but he's been having
hits in country for years sincc;hc
writes much of his own material
and his voicr- is as Versatile and
cxprcssivc iIS illlyllllf'S; lll‘ SUUIHIS 1|
lot like Lightfoot, llicrc's even a
Liglrtl‘ool tunc includcd hi'l‘t"
WOODS’I‘OCK ll (Cotillion SD-L’.
~ll)t)) is ii lwu record sol lhal
begins with a full side of pre-
viously unhi-nrd l'lcndrix (ll bc-

gins with Jimi saying “I see we
meet again..." Very weir-d1); more
time is devoted to each artist than
on the first WOODSTOCK, the
only disappointment here being
the third sidc wbcrc Bac'l. &
CSNSLY sound like studio cuts
already heard d'z Mclanie sound
badly rccordcd 8; very nervous;
the rest is grczrl.....‘AMM/\. Bread
(Elek. EKS-HUSG) is prctty niedi-
ocrc: no experiments or innova-
tions, just an expansion on their
latest top -10 singles; it is ol'tcn
quite imitative, cvcn oii Crec-
denco. if you can imagine that... -
HARD & HEAVY, Sam Samudio
(All. SD H271! is by the same
Sam who gavv us Sam lllc Sham,
but he has evolved into a scrious
blues performer, backed by Duane
Alliiinn, i-lc.; the album is consis-
tently what its title promises...”
BUTTER FIELD BLUES
BAND/LIVE WEI-2001) is a well
produced 2 record showcase of
live Butlcrficld, long onc of our
finest builds (dz least acclaimed, al
least by rccord salt-s); lots of
changed personnel, bill Buttcr-
ficld is as good at finding the best
as Mayall so don't woi'rv about
r“Ht-n (“Milli/LING BROTHER s
HOLDING (TO. (Col. C 30631);
Don‘t bc confused when you st-c
this advorlixcd: it is llii- lll(‘VlliIl)l('
reissue of llll‘ old lvlainslrcnni Ll’

now on Columbia; II has long

 

 

YOUR LAST CHANCE TO PICK UP

TORCH 1971

WILL BE:
Today - 10 am—2 pm
Tuesday - 10 am—2 pm

No Copies will be available

after Tuesday.

Price: $1.00 with tax
$10.00 without

 

been criticized as a poor record-
ing; certainly it doesn't live up to
Joplin 8i BB's talents, but it fea-
tures Joplin‘s “Down On Me" and
sonic other classics _,
DONNY l-IA'I‘AWAY (Atco SD
33-360) is the first release of a
brilliant young soul singer receiv-
ing much industry acclaim; defin-
itcly worth a llSlt‘li.....\Vl'i1\LES &
NIGl-ITINGLAES (EKSJSOIU),
WILDFLOWERH (El(S-7~|l)|2),
Judy Collins; two interesting re»
leases from Judy (the first is her
lutcst, lhc second has l)l‘(‘n around
for quite some time); both are
absoluli-ly beautiful'
.....'I‘ENNI‘ISSI‘IIE 'l'llltl‘IIC

(Col. (1 30220) is die backing
group for Johnny Cash doing
mostly his material, bul witlroul
his vocal, which places llic focus
on their musicianship; wr-ll, al
Icasl two of llicm look like
George liomncy if: I‘m surc a lot
of people will iii-vcr ch-n scc this
album, much less bill it, but it‘s
too bad bencusc John Sebastian
wnsn‘l kidding :rboul lliosc
“'Naslivillr- Cuts”....Wll.l)l.ll’E,
Mott the I'loople (All. SD 8284)
includes a ten minlc Ich Littlc
Richard irumbr-r llral is an abso-
lute gas and may be worlli llH‘
price of the album (play it ltilllll);
.. STRANGE 1.0-
(IOMO'I‘ION, S on (HRS-71087)
is rock & roll from n Brilisb group
whose first. i'cli'nso last year didn't
“Pl tlri- irtlenlion it should'vc;
i-xccllcnl guilnr work a} a brilliant,
vocalisl that mighl be ll‘l'nll'lf a
hard rock l'Illon Jolin.....
llAMP'I‘ON (ilil'lASlﬂ BAND (Col.
(I 110555) is ofl.n :i pirl on tho
same way ('zipl. Becl‘lii-nrl put us
on; it Would‘w- made a good singlr-
ri-coi'd, lllll il guns (in liiu long &
bcconics repetitious d occasion
ally il iiisl frills iiparl

.....'l'lll'3 l"l.(h\'l‘IN(i ()l’l'IIiA
(Embryo SI) 7:11)) is produced by
Ili-i'bic Mann and if you lurii ll
loud and follow willi Ilic lyrics
you'll find llial llils Is oiic of ll1r>
bcsl alliuiris, bolli lyrically and
musically. by a lll'W group in (pill:-
soinv Illnl‘, il's rczrlly ivorllr gcl
ling. YI'IS (All SI) SBHJl) is niio
llH'l worthwhile purchasc; Iii-sides
llii>li fiirc iiiusicuiiisliip, lhcrr vocal
llilpl'liVlMlllUIIS .ll'l' as good as
many groups accomplish wrlli
ihcn' iirslrirnrr-irls... lll.;\('l( (ii\l(
ARKANSAS t.'\lr'o Sl) Illlrilbl)
ri-ullj I't'llllllllh un- of Ilccl'lrr-nrl‘s
l'ir'sl album, lliia rccoril loo is
wcasioinilly a pill on, but as Wllll
lli-i-l'lrr-nrl (Zappa, ulc,), l-vcir lllI‘
pulrons irri- good music. and
llicrc's ii grcul Version of (luv
Mitlicell‘s voice  “ll’l’y
summer everyone, and sorry lllt'h't'
reviews were so sketchy, there was
u lol lo cover lhis lime around!

 

 

 

     
    

-_.bany Student Press

State University of New York at Albany

     
  

Summer. 197!

  
    
    
   
   
    
     
    
       
     
    
    
   
      
     
      
    
      

 

Vol. LVIII No. 37

ban

The Year Reviewed

It was a quiet year. From the roar ol'Spi'ing l()70.C31111L‘ a different
reaction in the academic year 1970-71. While discontent rumbled
beneath the surface of Albany events. lhc mass movement of “the
strike" did l'10l present themselves, whether from fear. discourage-
ment. or depolitizalion. >

Student activities primarily dirccled themselves on local issues. fire
year began with a demonstration led by Women‘s Liberalion‘membcrs
and concemcd parents for a SUNYA Day ("are Center. 'l‘bcir success,
ms threatening

          
      
     
     
        
       
      
   
   
         
       
        
       
      
 
     
      
      
        
  
          
    
   
   
   
     

however. now seems jeopardized by financial pioblc
lllL‘ center‘s existence. Others worked for an Environmental Studies
Program. a l’ucrlo Ricrin Studies Projccl. and cvcu a School of
(‘ounnuniculions at Albany Slalc. Concern for updating present
facilities. most notable, the Library, manifcslcd llsclf frequently at
Prcsidciil Louis liens/.cl‘s biweekly forum and Ill lbc pages of die
:lflilllll' Sim/cu! I’I'cxr.

llowcvci. bi'oadcr concerns WL‘IL‘ iiol wholly lacking on campus.
Many sludcnls look a very :rclivc role in the elections of lllL' fall;
cziiididalcs i'cpi'escnlnrg youthful ideals were supporlcd Ilnough
volunteer campaign work. A march and all-night Vigil at llll‘ Slate
('apilol loi Sovrci Jewry. lrowcvci. drew sharp comments from I15

  

:ii; “III! 1.1.. :
O.

oignul/cis. who clnisli/cd llrc :lpiillry of Albany is 1L'\[1ll11SL‘

\"iolcncc lluicil for [he first mm III the sliccls of Albany m :i Luge
lcmousliiilioii aimcil al rm .uca bank. Students marched in "Sclile
Accounls" Willi l‘iisl Trust. 11 brink claimed to have acilvcl) invcslcd
in die Vietnam war. A confrontation with Albany pilllct‘ litt‘llllt‘tl in
which some demonstrators \vcic bcalcn and four :uicslcd.

Widest support came for the April 34th march on Waslnnglou.
liusloads of sludcnts joined the peaceful :ISSt‘llll)ly once again
demanding pcacc. A smaller conligenl parlrcipriled in die more
militant May Day actions in the Capitol.

Students faced many different obslaclcs lo airing llrcir views this
year. Increased academic pressures due to air abridged calcudai. placed
sludying for exams at the same time as the national Spring irirli-wai
aclivilics. prohibiliiig many from pllfllclptlllllg. The year also began in
llic midst of ii suil against lhc Sludenl Association which questioned
llIL‘ allotment of siudcm monies for such things as l-‘rcc School. lluscs
to Washington. and Black ('ullui’al chkcud. The legal llaxslcx
included a fi‘ct'lc on all sludcnl group expenditures willi llic liiiiil
oulcomc of :r SUNY Board of 'l'iiislccs decision to have all money
xpcul from a mandatory sludcni lax ovcisccn by the President ol L‘llEll
Sltllt' school (or his dcsignec).

llowcvei, steps increasing sludcnl pailicipulion lll universily gover-
nuncc were obvious in lllt' repicscnliilion on search committees for
key uppt)lllllllCl1lS, Work on linviionmenlal Studies and l)L‘L‘ISllillh
(‘ommillee (and olhcrs), and in llrc ratification of a new, more widely
democratic Sludcril Association Constitution.

  

The Albany campus by night. wpolskowgki

SUN YA Building Curtailed
Legislative Budget Cuts

by Roy Lewis

        

"'l‘hc hcsl laid plans of mice and men ollcn go complclion by contract in July.'1970, the quadlis
awry." 'l‘lic cuvrsioncd dream of Albany Slate. now running a year of so behind schedule. fie
served daily under glass 111 lllt‘ Administration eiglil low-rise dorms. including a dlping llilll.lrlf:
Building and the present superstructure :rppioxnn— slated for completion by August I, l)7l..M0h.iw
ulc each oilici 111 lhcoiy only. The fact of the lower, according to Waller Tisdalc. ass'istiinl to
mailer is that SUNY Albany 1S quite incomplete, lbc l’rcsidcnl for Management and Planning, will
Hence a lnci of life llL‘l‘L‘ has been the pCI'llltlIlClll be finished by December. 1971. Already 1110 In-
, coveniencc of construction on liidian Quad has led
lo sludcnl action. A student rcnl strike by a
majority of Indian Quad residents this past year
resulted in ii 15% reduction of room and board
rules for the 1970-71 academic year. Students
participating in this strike withheld their room and
board payments to the Bursar and instead deposit-
ed these funds in a special trust account. When an
agreement between the student group and the
administration was reached, and the rebate con-
ﬁrmed, thcsc funds were in fact paid to the
Bursar.

Last spring, a sizable lraci of land was cleared
on the eastern porliou of Perimeter Road for the
expressed puiposc of constructing a field house.
Due lo severe construction budget cuts, llre
completion of this building has been postponed
indefinitely.

The academic facilities on this campus are also
scheduled for expansion. Ideally, the Podium will
be expanded by adding three additional buildings
to either end. The liasl End extension has run
been foriuirli/cd as of yet. The Wcsl 15nd extension
has been another nebulous conccpl. Originally,
funds foi planning this project were appropriated L
in llie 1070-71 academic year. The actual cou-
struclion was slalcd to begin in spring, 1971.
However, due lo the elimination of capital con-
struction funds. this projecl has been indefinilely
poslpoired.'l‘licic is a possibility of building only a
porliou of Ibis extension is also being investigated
if full funds are not available.

The lack of conslrucliou funds has also cur-
tailed plans for married student housing, scheduled
to be built on Fuller Road.

     
    
   
      
       
     
      
      
    
      
        
     
    
    
   
    

Icsidcncc of consliuclioii cicws. iloisc.alid mud.
However. due lo budch culs, L‘UllSllllL‘llOH activity
III the near future will be seriously curtailed.
Indian Quadrangle has been the biggcsl source
of conslrucliou controversy. Scheduled for lotzrl

           
           
    
    
   
     
   
   
    
     
   
   
   
   
   

    

 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
 

          
   

 

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  

‘ One of the first student
actions of the past academic
year was the “crib in" at
Prcsidcnl Ilcneicl's office, when
students demanded a SUNYA
day care ccule r.

  
  
   
 
  

hcnjuiiiiii

   

    
   
  
      
 
  

 
 

   

   

