 

  

 

PAGE 6

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

These Are The Houses
FSA Bough 

it t  tutti

 

What do SUNYA Security, Food Service,

Two Views From Fuller Road

are all related to 70 Fuller Road!

Malcom Corbiey, Director of Food Service, and his staff, occupied 70 Fuller Road in I970. Rent charged
by FAS, owner of 70 Fuller Road, to Food Service was $l,000 per month. (Food Service, part of FSA
paid FSA--on paper! If you can't make money from faculty tenants, try and make money on

it

yourself!)

With $l2,000 annual rental income on paper to
FSA from Food Service, it was whittled away to a
paper profit of $2,256. Maintenance payroll was
$4,098; actual repairs amounted to SL794.

The Town of Guilderland has the west side of
Fuller Road zoned “residential.” Food Service is a
$4 million business. Ma‘lcom's crew had to leave.
FSA had an empty building, eager to fill it to gain
“real” income. SUNYA is critically short of office
space. With the cancellation of East and West
Podium Extensions, Stone’s arehiteets‘(0ii sight
inspection teams) were cut in number and no longer
require all the space in the architect's building on
perimeter road. The architects are moving into 70
Fuller Road. Security is to moveinto the architects'
building.

John Buchoff, Director of the Physical Plant, said
that “to show good will to our neighbors on Fuller
Road, the architects will park their cars near security
and walk across Fuller Road to work, Curtains will be
put on the windows, and the building will retain a
residential look."

and Edward D. Stone's architects all have in common? They

 

FRIDAY. OCTER 15, 1971

\f

 

 

Buchoff would not comment on the zoning law, but said, “the architects are not a family; but, they an.

not a busienss either."

copy by ].S Flavin

photographs by Andy Hochberg

Atmospheric Sciences Had An FSA House

1429 Western Avenue, acquired
in September. “)65, for approx
imately $35,000, this house has
yet to match other Albany prop»
crtit-s in increasing appraisal
valiii-s. Hill) is “for salt-"asking
price» £8,000." ll" repairs are
made. FSA "might get back what
they paid for it," an FSA official
claims.

llciitcd to lill' Atmospheric
Scicncc Research Center for $300
per month, furnished and PSA
assuming maintenance, taxes,
utilities mid water rents, ii $l»l()0
renewal and replacement charge
tdubious for a not for profit
corporation) put 1429 $881 in the
red for l97t).

When lill' lease ran out, Robert
(loolcy asked for u $|50 increase
in monthly rent. Atmospheric
Science Research Center did not
approve the rent hike tllltl (lid not
renew the lease. lleiit was paid
from research grants and 1429 was
used to house visiting scientists
iind lecturers. M29 now sits
empty, in need or repairs, and for
sale.

 

1yawn;nsxcsrxézmiz‘miéiaacoitizwsoiiawiihrrwvim-w» '«5‘ «Mme-4%“ A ._ . .«ucm. WW m» u~ .v

 

Leased ‘Houses Losers

16 A Norwood Street, leased from Jiidgc John Holt-Harris, member
of the Albany County School Board, l'loll-llarris' school board seat is
being hotly contested because "he docs not reside in Albany."

Holt-Harris received $2,l()0 from FSA. FSA in turn only collected
$2,220 annual income rental. Repairs and maintenance amounted to
$l40 in [970, while [6 A Norwood's share of maiiitciiaiictI payroll
amounted to $738.

With only a $l20 ninrgin of profit licthi-ii the llolt-llurris lease to
FSA and FSA‘s rental incomc, losscs iii ltl7tl were $1,092.

FSA also leascﬁ 9 Waverly Place (not shown). Loiiscd to FSA l'or
$l,620, FSA collects only $1,920 in rental income. Repairs and
maintenanco were $8.70 while 5) Wavcrly's share of maintciiancc

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Two Views Of 6 Warren

A few houses from 70 Fuller
Road, this dilapidated structure is
the eyesore of Warren Street and
the blackcye of FSA housing.

Acquired in December,1968, for
almost $20,000, (it must have
looked better then). 6 Warren
needs roof repairs, siding re-
placed, and a couple of good
coats of paint. 6 Warren is for sale
-- asking price $23,000 -- (are they
joking?)

Besides the complaints of FSA's
“extra legal" activities at 70
Fuller Road, neighbor complaints

 
   
   
    
 
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
  

 

PAGE 7

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

to fix 6 Warren have also fallen on
deaf ears. Repairs and mainten-
ance in l970 amounted to $l70;
payroll charged against rental in-
come of 6 Warren for mainten-
ance--$758.

Paul Yonkers, the man in charge
of FSA maintenance was directed
by Robert Cooley, Executive
Director FSA, not to talk with
reporters. Cooley said he person-
ally would answer all questions.

“Why is there such a poor ratio
of payroll to actual maintenance
costs? Why have FSA properties
been sorely neglected?"

Cooley has answered all in-
quieries in the past; but efforts to
contact him recently have failed.

'I‘otail losses in 1970 for G
Will‘l‘l'll"$l,209.

Best FSA House Big Annual Loser

65 Highland Drive. opposite Stuyvesant Plaza. is the flagship
of FSA housing, not just because of the cost. $l20.000, but also
because of the ship‘s company she keeps.

John Hartley, Vice President of Management and Planning, Mildred
Cunningham, President Beiiczet's secretary, and Louise Kreitzer,
thcrt Cooley's secretary are all new residents. Cooley, Executive
Director of FSA lind rents raised to reﬂect iiren rents. For some
tenants tit 65 Highland however, rents were raised after the Nixon
wage price free/m took affect. Rent rollbacks are due, but FSA is
short on linrd cash.

(iii lliglilnnd Drch also housed two gentlemen from SUNY~Ceiitriil;
one was Oscar Landlord, Vice Chancellor. 'I‘liis violates the FSA
housing principle that FSA houses would bc uscil by the SUNYA
community. [)r. Milton ()lson, FSA 'l‘reusurcr mid former member of
the Board of Directors said, "i hope tliiil these people were iiol in
competition for housing with our pcoplc."

Lossi-s in [970, before i'i-iit i'iiiscs could liiltc cl‘l'i'cl, $5,792 for (if)
llighlaiid Drive.

 And The
Financial Walls
Are Crumbling

Down

 

