   

 

 

lit
tI
$71
t:
l?
:l'
>.l
ta
g5
i

Page 2

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2’5, 1971

 

 

 

Julian Bond was born in Nashville. Tennessee and helped to found
the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee in I960. Elected to
the Georgia State House of Representatives in I965, he was denied his
seat for what were termed un-American sentiments on Vietnam. A
Supreme Court decision enabled him to be seiited in the legislature. Al
the I968 Democratic Convention, the dissident McCarthy forces
nominated him for Vice-President. Bond was twenty-nine at the time.
and legally ineligible to hold office. Accordingly. Iie removed himself
from consideration. He is regarded by many to be one of the foremost

black spokesmen in the United States today.

by David Shain

Calling on students to forget the rhetoric of
revolution; to forget “music, drugs, astrology and
Boone's Farm," Georgia State Legislator, Julian
Bond urged a greater involvement in the issues of
the day. He declared that one's commitment could
not be measured by the “length of his hair nor the
intricacy of his handshake."

Speaking to an enthusiastic, near capacity crowd
in the Campus Center Ballroom Sunday night, the
soft spoken 31 year old representative to the
Georgia House of Representatives, stressed the
importance of political action in his speech billed as
“Which Way America?"

After relating several humorous anecdotes, Bond
addressed himself to what he considered to be the
critical issues facing humanity: pollution of the air,
rape of the land, new imperialism, and the struggle
of the poor. He spoke wistfully of man‘s seemingly
wasted hopes for a higher form of civilization. “Man
still makes war. He still insists that one group of
people subordinate their wishes and desires to
others. He still insists on gathering material wealth
at the expense of his fellows, at the expense of his
environment. Men and nations have grown ar-
rogant."

Bond proceeded to define violence, which he felt
is an integral part of American society. He said that
violence is "black children going to school for
twelve years and emerging with six years of educa‘
tion. It is having black people represent a dispro-
portionate share of casualties and inductions in
Vietnam. Violence is a country like this where
property has always been more important than
people. It is an economy like this one which believes
in a socialism for the wealthy; capitalism for the
poor. It is the little tyrant who runs the Federal
Bureau of Investigation listening to your telephone
conversations; it is black people being called lazy
and shiftless because we go on relief while six
thousand white farmers are paid twenty-fiVe
thousand a year each not to farm. It is personified
in the personages of Richard Nixon and Spiro
Agnew."

Bond had harsh words for the President, whom he
readin admitted he doesn't like. In response to a
question about his presidential preferences, he said
somewhat. facetiously, “The choice for the job is
rather simple, anyone besides the incumbent will

 

F

Now you can buy Fisher stereo
right here on campus.

Bond Urges New Activism

do." He said that all candidates are potentially
acceptable, with the exception of Sam Yorty,
Wilbur Mills, and possibly Senator Jackson. Criti-
cizing those who play down the importance of an
individual president, Bond asked the audience to
recall Nixon’s Supreme Court selections, and his
Cabinet appointees: "Who’s department of injustice
is it that it tolerates murder at Attica, at Sun
Quentin, at Kent, and at Jackson State?

The black legislator urged all concerned people it)
become politically active, and to work to elect a
President who “delivers reality and not rhetoric."
Characterizing politics as the second Oldest pm.
fession in the world, he offered this definition: “It
is the art of seeing who gets how much of what from
whom." He said that the poor haven't any or
anything. Bond strongly advised blacks and poor
people to unite and occupy a more meaningful
position in the political spectrum of the seventies.
He insisted that politics will always have ultimate
reponsibility in determining how one will live, or
how one will die. Bond said that “it is politics which
has sent men to war; it is politics that can bring
them back.” He stressed the importance of selecting
a new Congress in 1972, a Congress with new faces,
He envisioned a Congress that would have “said no
to J. Edgar's Federal Bureau of Intimidation, would
have said no to military millions for 20th century
imperialism, no to Nixonomics, Mitchell mussups,
systematic destruction of blacks, our homes, our
few jobs, our children, and our very lives."

Bond underlined the importance of transferring
strength and power from those who have it to IIltist'
lacking it. He reiterated the need for increased
interest among those people who desire social
change. In his View, a growth in political actiVisni.
organization. and coalitions must take place by
November, 1972, if there is to be a move forward at
all. Regarding black people especially, hc snid, "The
issue is whether we progress, run in placc or
continue sliding backward as we have been doing
since 1968."

Drawing his speech to a close, Bond qnoii-d
Frederick Douglass: “Those who profess to favor
freedom and yet depreciate agitation, arc thosc who
want crops without plowing'” With an uhviotn
reference to the Nixon Administration, llond con
cluded with another quote from Douglass, “"l‘_\r:niI\
arc proscribed for the endurancc of IIItist‘ ihct
oppress,"

Central Council Defeats
“Victimless Crimes ” Bill

by Kim Steven Iuhase

By a vote of 8-14, Central Council Thursday defeated a hill WIllt'Il

STEVE HARPER

phone: 457-7972

 

I l’Jlll how on limit: 5 a UL:IIUI any to [my
stereo equipment at III‘IIII‘Illitvll‘,tIi‘.l \i'lIlI‘i
than Consulting a mmi tiliIl‘l Izzitnloq

You IUSI consult l labor ‘1 Sltitlt'lil
(epiesenlalivc lIlhIfh’th

H!) H Show ,i in it i illiili uj all "M t‘lltiifl
ineiil and (letf yin; M, t c on ll w. ;.jrnwiit
that Stiil'.yOut liiw'l‘. f-inl '1 ,i is. iIlI to- II
airaniji: “i! .i owing-aim] on -.t.
what ,ou 1' be t: ., oj l‘ u" ’i," ;,r t  ,uim

i Fisher 

Vii: ’itﬂ '.i."l I ﬁt" I :fchl/

 

 

FOR BIG DISCOUNTS ON FISHER STEREO EQUIPMENT, CONTACT:

I702 Stuyvesant Tower
Albany, N. Y. 12203

 

 

moor {it ii llL‘l’tt-l‘tlt‘tliitli‘c mot

l:-,lwi :‘wlm It‘ti Hi I. ‘.IillIl’IlI lict tunic llt.‘
H. uniquely qiinl ' cit [it «til l‘- ,otii l ishtrr
ii-iiictnaiilntwt- llc tinntu .i ‘ol iIlNllii h'qh Intoldy
IIt‘ 5, ,i lt'IIill)I" [ll‘l‘tiill Ainl ‘1!llt.(l in! F; (l Sliitionl
house” he tnowu .‘.l‘.|I 'ZIlltiL'lll‘. need III the
way ol ‘dt‘lf‘ti t‘tltniill t'Ill

int 4. in l‘ llt' w lliil I c.tn'i iiiiiiiuii'iildlwi-

to ill lll‘.|l to. ‘. tjtil .‘tli II ,ltil Ili'l‘I ill‘l .ltl‘t"I lulu“!
Hinton i in! NIII‘, inch/tion.}

 

 

recommended that Campus security refer all crimes on campus to thc
campus judiciary instead of to criminal court. The lengthy debate on
the issue centered on the wording of the bill. Jack Schwartz, who
introduced the measure, stated that the intent of the bill was that it
should apply mainly to victimless crimes and not to all crimes as
stated in the bill. Mike Lumpcrt, President of the Student Association.
called the measure “fatally defective” for not expressing this intent.
He said the Administration doesn't care about legislative intent, just
on how the bill was actually worded.

When amendments were offered to make the bill more specific.
Student Association lawyer Sandy Rosenblum offered the opinion
that the bill was a “worthy experiment." and the amendments would
defeat the purpose of the bill. All amendments were rejected.

Some members of Council suggestcd that II'll‘ campus judicial systi'm
now being sct up will handle just lln- problem this hill “'le ltllt'lltIl'tI to
solve. Schwartz disagreed with this. Illslt'iﬂi, hc claimed IIliil llllIl'sN lIll'
I)lII was passed, the new judicial system would he a sham

Am‘mll those who \vcri- IIlVlIt‘tI to .lll\\\'i'i’ qui-stions Ill'Iiilt' Ilu
(‘oiincil wcri- I’rcsnli-nl Iii-iii-Lct .iiiil I)iri-ctor of Sccurilv vIIlii ‘-\'il|i.ini~
Williams stated that the iniuisuri- \\'UtlI(I prci‘cnl Ht-cuiiu lell
functioning i-I'l'ci-livcly II|' tIl'Illt'tI Ihni Ht‘t'lll'llt‘ has Iii-conn- ".m- t
happy" In-cnuw of outsnli- int-din [illIlIlt'llV about .| tllllll' \\,i\i- Hit
campus. I’rcsiilcnt Iiciii~'/.c|_ wht-ii qiicsliinn-tl .is to how llu' .'\|i|ll“l‘
sli'atioii would ll‘t‘lll llic hill \lIItI that "Any Iiill [lilhni‘tl II\ II|l\ hodi
“H” be li'i'nlcd Willi .ill tlic si'i'iousiicss it should hr," but hc xcliim-«l tit
comment on a hill which might conic l)t'It)l'l' his :\tIlllllll\|l'-|I|"“

Alter about one and a half hours of tIt'IHIlI' iIlI' int-asurc Lilli-d

()ther llusincss

Ill Ulhcr action, a hill which would have fro/.i-ii IIIl‘ liudgi-I ot ll|i‘
'W-WIY I"Ul'lnt'd I§.().I'. Student Association was Withdrawn Ii)’ ‘I‘“I‘
Wltli'lilz, Chairman of lhc (irll'Vlltlt't' tioniniiiicc, pcinling IllilIll'l
ﬁllllly llll” t'huriti's of racism by the til'ulllllllll ion

“"15 “l’llrlll’r'illl'lll $3100 to Ilic I“I'll‘l|tlh of tlic Day t'nri- t'i-nlci -I|HI
$3,032.50 lo the Amati-or Itnilio (‘Iiih Wi-i'c passed ’l'lic Ii‘iicinh HI III“
Dlly 01”" (it-'Illl'r is El Student Association organization for nml to ll'I-|\
tux funds to II“! Day tiarc (Ti-ntor

 

 

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1971 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

Thousands Marched

The first nationally organized pro-abortion demonstrations in
Washington, D.C., and in San Francisco occurred Saturday with a
total of about 7,000 women, men and children marching in the two
cities.

Anti-abortion counter rallies, also scheduled for both cities, were
something less than successful with only about |00 people showing up
on the Capitol building steps in Washington and then dispersing in
about a half hour.

San Francisco's demonstration, which included a two or three mile
march and a series of speakers, featured contingeuts from Arizona,
Colorado, Washington, Oregon and organizations like the United
Prisoner’s Union, the Socialists, Gay Women, Native Americans and

third world groups.

I
 s  Both of the demonstrations were sponsored by the Women's
National Abortion Action Coalition. There were three demands:
  repeal of all abortion laws; repeal of restrictch contraception laws;

 
   

and no forced sterilization,
Small numbers of police watched attentively but there wcre no
major altercations.

King Harvest ls Surely Gone

  
  
  
 
 
  
     
     
  
   
  
 
  
 
   

\ .
.. , r v /
Remumbm MONmm GMT”? fields at the bulb mountain alti-  10‘ I
That Rocky Mountain weed that [Udesur‘i ""w snowed I'l- . I g
was sllpposcd to get you hiin like Dr. Schocnthal said that more I l I ‘
I .

Lil'ilss (“W-‘7 smoking and testing research
would begin on various kinds of
silverwccd as soon as the snow :
niclts in tln- Spring. At that timc,
tho sciencc dcpartmcnt \vil apply
for u t'cdcral grant from the
Bureau of Narcotics to (Ii-tcrminc
if siIVi-rwced actually malics
smokers high.

Well, research on Montana
Green at Eastern Montana College
in Billings has ground to a halt '
thanks to about three feet of
snow.

The science department at
liastcrn Montana had been 0011'
ducting smoking tests on various D"- SI'I‘I'WIIINII Sold Ill-‘It H‘hls
kinds of silvchccd throughout “ms r3” “'1' IIH‘UIICIUSIVI‘ illltl Hill
the Izitc summer and early fall. l""(II(‘I"l'.\'v Sill“ III" hi‘ﬂ‘ﬂll-‘I
But biologist Dr. Norman “Sllml‘ I’l'UI’I“ “WW” “WI/IV"
.S‘chocnlhnl told I‘Iurth News this “WWII “n sIIVl‘l‘Wt'l‘tI; Hlllt'l's I‘i“
\vcck that all l7”rl "‘N‘m‘FlSilI Elli"

For 5 bucks

of thc silvt-rwocd

            

 
    
     
     

myth that

live or die.

If \vc don't care. millions of East Pakistani
rcl'iigccs “I” die. (if starvation. exposure. I Has! Pakistan I'lnicrgcncy Refugee Fund
tliscasc Tens of thousands have alrctidy died. l?( ). Box I776 Washington, I).( I. 2IN)I3
And eight million more are without adequate
food. shelter. or medical atlcniion.

l'Nlt 'l-I'. (',A.R.Ii. and ilic International YUS‘ I down;

       

I
I
I
Rescue ( oinnnticc are doing what llicy can. I IICFC'S my $5 $35
Iiiit \vlinl llicy can do is hunted by how much I 33 I I) Oihcr
inoncj the) li.i\c to do it \viili. I
Your Il\i: bucks will keep a kltI ahvc for a I Mini 7*wrv  N r r M. W 7 ‘
uholc inonih. I Name
Send ll right now to the Fast Pakistan I  i 1... _,,-- icoi __ _
IiincigL-nt'i' Refugee I’iind. Post ('lllicc Box I “*5
l77ti. Washington. I).(‘. Ztltll 1. livery day I (fly ““W'Sl’i‘n—c "’ "‘“Zi'b
you dcl.iy. pcoplc arc dying
You do caic I All contributions are tax dcducliblc. 206

Don't you"

     
 

Funds will hcdistrihutcd through UNI

 
 
    

 

L‘DIIIHfletlll as a pull/u: sen/ice by [he
ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

you can dis rove the
, . erlcans
dont care if Asmns

 

----------------‘-----J

and the International Rescue (Ioniinittec.

nit

..:t,, _

    

WASHINGTON,
Rep. Walter E. Fauntroy, D-D.C., give the black power salute during
the meeting of the Black Caucus Saturday night in Washington. The
caucus issued a proclamation calling for the first national political

I convention ever held b; American blacks.

C0 Forms

{ ,t Leaders of national console-n-

‘~ tious objector organizations re-

/ ported that they successfully

stopped the Selective Service

I I System this week from radically
l changing its CO form.

The Central Committee for
Conscientious Ohjcctors an-
nounced that a flood of protesting
ii-lcgrams convinced Selective
Service director Curtis 'I‘arr not to
issue a new and more complex CO
form. The ncw CO form, per-
sonally proposed by Tarr, was
more than three times 'is long as
thc proscnl four-page form.
Opponents of thc new form (Ic-
scrihcd it as being “intimidating
and cntrapping" to young men
sucking (‘0 status.

’I'arr told a mopiingof ()0 leaders
on chncsdiiy that he htid witlr
drawn his controversial form be-
cause ol' complaints voiced by
Congressmen and Senators, and
letters of protest.

'I‘zirr said he will issue a revised
CO l'orin “sometime in the near

l'ut nrc. '

Big Rats

Charles Darwin's theory about
survival of the fittest may be
demonstrated in u grisly fashion
by giant rats in the Raleigh, North
Carolina area.

Bill Jackson of Bowling Green
University's Environmental Center
told Earth News that he has
apparently discovered rats near
Raleigh who are literally eating
and thriving on rat poison.

According to Jackson, the 1115
appear to have developed an im-
munity to a family of poisons
culled “warfarins.” He siiid the
large rats are now eating the
poison and appear to be healthier
than ever.

Jackson added that he is con»
ducting tests in the Clevolund
area, and in other parts of the
country, to find if the rut im'
inunity to poison is occurring in
other cities,

  

tl/Fll/p

   

‘ I(2.A.R.I’..

 

. i _ i 11': .'
Rep. Charles C. Diggs, D-Mich., left, and

 

 

 

 

