 

 

 

i
“it i , PAGE 4' ALBANY STUDENT PRESS . SUMMERlﬂ
’5, Editorial Comment
i 1—,"; IS ’I'He‘
, Communication- Yes . I W“; mm, a...
“ f pLAc '
Rm” so vaTE .

:é Your Right

The value ofa student newspaper lies largely in that
it is, a student venture. Mandatory tax'supports the
Albany Student Press, and since only students pay
this assessment, our responsibility is solely to the
students. We are not hindered by publisher control,
nor by control of University administrators. We are
our own editors.

No one censors any ASP article; our main limitation
is space. However, we do aim for integrity, honesty.
and fairness in reporting. A real committment has
been made by the staff in presenting an objective
reporting of the news to the university commumity,
and of informing the community of all the facts.

All our writing is done by students. Our technical
staff and even our secretary are student personnel.
Members of the Student Association are, in short,
everything. Without them, there would be no .‘lSI’. If
you think that you can help, in any way, from
writing to tech work to selling advertising space.

 

come on up to the Campus Center and make yourself
known. It is your paper, and only Wlllltvvoli make it.

The Right to Communicate is no privilege: it is a
necessity. This newspaper is your medium
communication.

ﬂldam; SW Pme

 

 

The Albatty Student Press is published twice weekly
during the acadetriic year (except during recesses} by
the Student Association of the State University of
New York at Albany. The Student Association is
located in Campus Center 34/) at I400 Washington
Avenue, Albany, New York [3203. .S'ubscriptt'on
price is ii 7.00 per year or $4. ()0 per settles/er. Second
class mailing permit pending, b'alh'toti Spa, Ncw
York.

The ASP assumes no rt'.\‘pott.\'il)llil_i' [or opinions
e.\'pre.\'.\'ed in its columns or i'oniinuMica/ions a.\' such
opinions do not necessarily reﬂect the l’lt'll'x iiftlie
xiii/1'

Staff for this special issue:

Carol Hughes .lon Guttman
.leff Rodgers Linda Waters
Tom Clingan Bob Warner
Vicki Zeldin Anita Thiiyer
Aralynn Abate .l.S. Flavin
Toni Rhodes Mike Lampert
Roy Lewis Joel Lustig

The Albany Student Press is located in Campus
Center Rootti 326 of the State University of New
York at Albany. Our phones are 457 JI‘IU-JI‘M. We
were founded in [Old by the Class of [Old and are
funded through the tiiatidtttorv student activities fee
of the Student Association.

lz'dilorial policy is determined by the Iz'ditor-lti—
Chief Communications are limited to 300 words and
are subject to editing,

 

 

 

 

Ering ‘tuiNQ‘:

00C

/- “Fl )R'LEV

 

‘Non-Student View of Albany’

by Jack L. Schwartz
An ASP Column

Welcome to Vanilla U. l was asked to write this
because the ASP wants to show that it can tolerate a
few uncensored opinions, once in a while.

During orientation, new students are told that
here at State one learns how to “think for
himself," “find the truth," and “learn how to deal
with the great problems facing society." You
probably don't believe it either; if you do, you
won't by the end of the year. The university is here
to make all of you "nto passive, ignorant, conform-
ing cogs in America's death machines. Look at the
courses offered; very few will giVe a critical view of
this country, and none will be geared to teaching
you how to act on the power structure of America
in any meaningful way. The Board of Trustees are
bunkers and real estate people— they certainly
aren't going to allow free and critical thought that
will lead to attacks on the real causes of pollution,
poverty, war, iind repression, because they’re the
cause! The Administration even pulled the date of
finals back a few weeks, so that you have to make
the choice between joining the annual Spring
antiwar offensive or studying for finals.

1n the past few years, l found a handful of decent
courses and faculty to study with, so 1 chose the
department with the fewest required courses, and l
take a lot of “independent study." Ask your advisor
about that, otherwise they won't tell you.

So much for the bummer end of things. We have a
student government to provide things like theatre
and music programs, which are usually good. The
$400,000.00 revenue from student activity fees is
spent by the Central Council, which meets every
week in the Campus Center, and this year the group
looks like the most responsivu bunch of nuts the
school ever elected. lii communications, the campus
has this thing, which usually gives the moderate,
bullshit political edge to its news mid culture
articles, both local and national. And there is
WSUA-AM, which you won't listen to if you have
an FM radio so you can hear WRPI from Troy, The
news on both stations is the usual right-wing
newswire, and neither station, as yet,has been
responsive to the wants of the community. On TV,
we get Channel 17 for some good non-commercial
shows.

You will find that the fittest people on campus are
the custodial staff, the mailroom people, and the
bus drivers; get to know these people, you may
learn how much we have in common with non-
students.

The last thing that l have to say about the campus
is pretty obvious. in fact, if i wasn‘t paid by the
inch, 1 probably wouldn't write about it. This plau-
is a priiioii. Look around you; it all looks the same.

 

  
 
  
 
  

 
   

 
 

ELAX EDDiE—YoirVE
bust gin gnawing
i> PLA NE a
gluon . Now YOU‘RE
me To M T
SOME OF

    

c
’m
\

     

I‘M SORRY, I DIDN'T MEAN To
GET You UPTleHT.

Titth MORE PliTHt'Tl
THAN A SHY FRESHMAN ATA
PLANNlNG CONFERENCE, 1

  
 

   
    
 

 
   

 

right? It actually looks worse than real prisons, You
can't walk from one place to another by way of ii
straight line— they built it to screw up our minds.
They build frustration into it-‘ if you want to walk
on the grass, or even see a tree that isn't in ii
ridiculous concrete pot, you have to walk off the
podium. EVcri the goddamn grass is planted syinmih
trically. Last year we had the highest rate of
flunk»oiits and drop‘outs in the school's lllsltll‘y, and
that's good. Because the quicker you can I'm-
yourself from the mental slrziigliljiicki-l tliiii lllb
place puts you into, the better it is for all of ll»
Besides, after four years you won't gi-i .i iiili
anyhow; and you can get it real-lire ilipliiniii Ii-oin
' the Yippics in New York Cilybig deal.

The City of Albany, at first sight, is jtl'l‘ll)
nauseating. Some of the prettiesl ill‘Clllll'l'llll'i' in (in-
country has been allowed to rot. The government is
run by ii bi-piirtisan machine that liiis ki-pt power by
such tactics as paying $5.00 a vote. The ruling
clique is comprised of Rockefeller, Mayor Coming,
and Democratic County Chairman Dan O'Connell,
and is protected by a judge named 'l‘i-ppi-diiio and a
large, ignorant, and viscious police force. For
intimidation purposes, the large building iii-xi iii the
campus on the State Quad side is the III'W Stati-
Police barracks and training center. (in ovr-r illlll ask
for a tour of the place.

For recreation in the area, you can split up in llll'
Mohawk campus, Camp Dippikill, or 'l‘liiiirhi-i- Hiziii-
Park.

ln downtown Albany, Washington Park is a good
place to relax, except that quite a few of the
“freaks” there are narcotics agents. The park |.\ the
center of the youth ghetto, and further downtown
are the black and poor white ghetto areas 'l'hi-si-
neighborhoods serve us a base for a number of
community service, new left, and self-di-tci'miiiziliiiii
projects and activities. There are a number of
community newspapers, among them The Liberator,
ii black eommunity news-and-commeiitary paper, and
Sweet Fire, a paper my friends put out, which is a
nifty underground paper that. provides all kinds of
useful information that no one else will print. There
are two food co-ups which sell non-profit, iioii
plastic food, and the Dove Street (‘iHip holds
"people’s feasts" every two weeks. Pcti- Joiios‘ “Our
Place" serves free breakfasts to the kids iii the South
End ghetto. For aid in problems like lousy ilriiiis.
medical needs, and nice people to tiilk you oiil of
being depressed, Refer Switchboard is at 1311- I 202.
The Puerto Rican revolutionary group l’ROlilC has
iin office on Dutch Quad, and in the Unitarian
Church on Washington Avenue the (lay Lila-ration
Front holds Weekly meetings aiiil plans attacks on
the sexist institutions of the city. The People's
Record Co-op will be in operation again iii me fall.
selling non-profit albums; the SUNYA Day (‘iire
Center iii operating on Alumni Quad; illl(l lllt‘l‘l' is .i
strong High School Student Union orgiinimng iii llll'
'l‘ri-Cities area.

There is also ii varied iissiirlnii-nl of radicals,
organizers, Yippieu, imd freaks who plan i-Vi-iili. liki-
strikes, protest marches, ltmt‘h‘lllﬁ, sit-ins, and major
iiiisiiiilts like last year's Women's liilieriiiion Fruit!
protest til the SUNYA infirmiiry, demanding liirlh
control and abortion aid, the attack on lllt' First
Trust bank in downtown Albany, ii major ciiiilrai'
tor and finiuiccr of the South Mall fiasco, and mi-
'I‘ri-Citieii contingent to Washington l).t‘, on
Mayday.

All of the above activities and prop-eta iii'i'il
volunteer help, and anyone who would like to
“riluHize something lN welcome to discuss ideas with
the people in the political groups working in ilir
area. For information on anything, l'llll lll'll‘l
Switchboard or drop ii note to chcl Fire at llox
illl-EE, SUNYA post office. All Power in tlic
l’ouplu. Life l’owur to the (,‘oiiiiti-rtfllltiiri-

Mr. Schwartz ftl ll senior at State, a ('i'nlriil t'iiutli'll
'"Ombi'r. former lltiiiieriiily Hi-iiiitiir, [ornii'r .Ais'l‘
reporter, ntid pan! reiit'di-nl of l/ll' Albany ('HHI'“
I'V‘N'm- I‘llyllllllu anyone tells you about lion in u
iilntitli'roiiii lie otid probably true. 'I l' ‘5‘

SUMMER 1971

 

EDITOR '5 NOTE: The following are columns
submitted by several political, social, and cultural
groups on campus. They are aimed at informing new
students of the variety of ideals, beliefs, and purposes
represented here at Albany. However, most groups
did not respond to our request, leading us I0 publiin
only articles frotti those answering. For this reason,
these are not to be considered the whole of political
arid social thought on campus.

Am Yisrael

Jewish Awareness

by David Surowitz
Am Yisrael was formed because of disillusioir
ment, not only with liberal institutions and an
America plagued by violence, but also with the
social movemean in which young Jews once invest-
ed their energies, including Black Nationalism and a

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Arab Students Club

 

Social Political Cultural Group

The Arab Students Club (ASC) is a voluntary
organization which is formed by the students from
all countries of the Arab World. Although the club's
constitution does not restrict membership to those
who speak Arabic, the present membership happens
to be so. The club is not committed to certain
political ideology; and, although its members part-
icipate in many political debates, the club conceives
of itself as a social-cultural organization.

The aims and purposes of the (ASC) relate to its
members, the Arab community in the area, fellow
students, and the American community at large. To
the Arab students, the club servos as a framework
for cooperation and cultural exchange with the host
coiiiilry as well as ii means of personal adaptation.
To the Arab community in thiI area, the club serves
as a channel of recreation and as an aid in preserving
the l‘ll'lht‘llls of Arab culturi- among the Arab
community. To fellow students and the host corn-
niuiiily, the club servos as a bridge between the
Arab peoples on the one hand and the students and
the community on llll‘ other. In this latter aspect
llH‘ cliil) aims at the honest portrayal of Aral)
civilization in general and Ilic dynamics and prob-
ll‘lHS of modern Arab society in particular. It is the

«Wm

 

club‘s major concern with this latter aspect that
created a misconception in the minds of some
people on campus that the club is a “political”
organization. Recognizing that being political in by
no means a curse, it is to be noted that the main
reason for such misconception, among others, is the
prominence of the Palestinian—Israeli problem in
world affairs and the consequent obligation on the
club to clarify the Palestinian Arab point of view.

All this is to say that the activities of the club are
not mainly "political" such as the lectures and
debates on the Palestinian question but also they
include such social and cultural activities as the
annual reception, the Arabian dinner, and the
Arabian night, in addition to participation in some
social and cultural activities with the International
Center and the International Student Association,
i-.g., as in die cases of the International dinner and
l.ll(‘ International dance.

Finally, the ASC is one of the many Arab clubs all
over the US, and it cooperates with them as Well as
with the Organization for Arab Students in the U.S.
and Canada to achieve more cooperation and
understanding.

 

New Left that has turned anti-Semitic.

“'l‘hi- Nixon years have been all that they promis-
ed to be, years of intolerance, l'i-iir, hatred, and
ili-niiigogiii-ry," says M. J. Rosenberg, founder of

Am Yisriii-l two years ago.

"So now we young Jews Will look only to

ourselves and to our own people "

()iir iii'liyilics llll‘llllll‘ dissemination of pl'll'lts'l'lll‘l
propaganda both \vllliiii and \villiiiiil the organi/u
lion and bringing an il\\ll|'t'lll'.\.\ iil' l\l‘:lt'll t'lllllll'l‘ iiii

I'.Illl|||l.\, for example, lsriii-li dancing

Youngr People’s Socialist League li-

Answers

12mm 2‘3
Slimmivmm --

Through Socialism

by David Kopilow

The Young l’i-iiplil's Socialist Imaguv is llic yiililli
section of llll‘ Socialist Party, lhi~ democratic
socialist party of l':ll|.{l'lll‘ Debs, Norman Thomas,
Bayard Rustin, and Michael Harrington. Wi- lll't‘ the
Albany chapter of a niilioiiiil organization dedicated
to building ii society at [he service ofhuniun needs.
We helii-Vi- that a gri-iil step toward the i'i-ali‘taliiin
of human potential can l)l' made through llll' social
ownership of the means of production and distri
liiilion Consequently llll' Yl’b‘l. rejects all concept
ions of minority rule such as capitalism and coin
iiiiinisin, and lH'llt'Vl‘S that the voluntary, conscious
participation of the people is llll‘ only way to the
Mlt'll'l)‘ Il M't'hh

\Vl‘ stand

For ii iii-w, broadly lmhl'tl, ill-iiiiii'riilic American
radicalism ii ilyniiniic (‘tmllllttll iil' labiii, minority
groups, liberals, aiiil young lll'tlpll', united in ii
ciiiniiiiin struggle for basic l‘l'llllltllllli and political
change This coalition, by i-l‘l'i-i-IiVi-ly transforming
lll(' l)l‘llll)l‘l'llll(' l‘iii'iy through the elimination ol‘its
l)ichi‘iit t'll'lllt'llltu, i'im provnlv the mass base fora
nlUVt'lllt'ill of the democratic left,

For democratic control of the means of pro
ductinn illlll distribution fully democratic and
rulioiiiil social planning, based on need rather than
pi'iifil

ln opposition iii all forms of tlltiCl‘IlllInllllUIl iiii
lllt' basis of race, religion, and sex. The Yl'Sl.
believes that the struggle to root out bigotry in our
social life must go liiiiid iii hand with tliiI struggli-
against economic inequality.

In support of militant, democratic trade uniorr
ltilll. We believe that Llie millions of workers
constituting the American labor movement repre-
sent ii progressive siieiiil force of unequaled strength.

In opposition to ciipitiilisiii and communism, and
in support of all those slriiggling l'iii‘ (lt'llltll‘l‘ilt'y and
self lll‘ll'i‘llllllilllltll We work to radically Iriiiisl'iirm
American foreign [liill(‘y, making principled anti-
(kiiiiiiiuiiisni conipiililili- With support, of democratic
l'iiri'i-s slruggling for freedom against rightwing and
left wmg oppression.

lii supporl of the lnlcriiiilioniil Socialist move-
lll(‘|ll host cxuniplil'ii-tl by the "MISS, labor liiisi-d
Social Democratic parlii-s of Sweden, Wi-sl
(it'rllllllly, and (in-at “film”.

The Yl’Sl. Works In build it majority anVt‘lllt'lll ol'
the democratic lull in which young people join with
trade unionists, miiiorily group iriisiiihi-rs, and liberals
in biiililiiig a new America. in chapters throughout
the country, Yl’Slis are working to biiilil that
movement

'I'liroiigli llt'llVIlll‘h such its l“roiitliisli, ii noii~piirtn
isuii Villt't' registration project which registered (iVi-r
l()(),tltll) people in California alone. in lllt' Youth
Committee for Peace and Democracy in the Middle
East, and orgiinimitiiin that is mobilizing student
support for ii Midiiiiiit |)l'llL'l' settlement that will
preserVi- lsriiiil's soVi-ri-igiily and provide a found-
iition for the sociiil and economic transformation of
the I‘lllll‘l' region. In Utﬂlllllllng support for union
struggles for economic iinii iiociiil justice. In the
Morutoriiim Committee and Negotiation Now!
where Yl’SLii have worked to maximize chances for
ii speedy end to the war in Southeast Axis. ln
demonstrations against the Soviet Union's invasion
iif Czechoslovakia and the brutal oppression of
Soviet Jewry.

As we enter the seventies, a decade of enormous
challenges and opportunities, we urge all young
pcoplo committed to social justicu to join the Yl’SL.
Choose Socialism.

  

New Democratic Coalition

Reform In System

by Bob Wa riicr

The New Democratic Coalition (NDC) is an
extension of the [968 Coalition for ii Democratic
Alternative, now defunct, which was Eugene Me-
Ciirtliy's campaign base for the Presidency. The
organization, which is nominally within the Dem-
ocriitic party though not officially, formed because
of the Vietnam Wiir, the-unresponsiveness of either
major political party and because America is in need
of radical reform.

NDC believes that the electoral process including
primaries and conveiintionii must be entirely open
and democratic. Though such ii democratic process,
NDC hopeii to stop American greed, waste and
exploitation at home. The poor must be housed,
clothed and educated to give them the dignity of
life; the blacks inurit be given not only equal
opportunity but extra help where they have been
disadvantaged for decades; the urban areas such as
New York City must be made livable, Le. mass
transit and natural roiiou rcuu.

NDC believes, though, that at this stage in
American history the best way to affect these
reforms is through tho Democratic party. We feel
that algnlfleant change can only come from the
party system but. for the most part, we give up any
hope that the Republican party will ever be respon-
sive to those who perhaps need more government
assistance and protection than others. Thus, we
bank our hopes in renovating the party of Jefferson,
Wilson, and Franklin Roosevelt.

 

