 

 

 

 

 

PAGE 8

 

 

 

 

Madam, m

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

by Mark Furman

The minute you walked into the place, it hit you.
The l"il‘tii-s were upon us again. Amongst all those
1970's I'rcaks there they were; hair slickcd back,
cigarettes dangling out, ol‘ tlicir inoutl ', dripping
with grease. Doiincd in riple tee shirts, tight black
jeans, diill black lcat.licI' boots, dark gl-  t'Vt‘ll an
or isional leather iackct [with skull and ci‘iissboiics
insignia on the hilt'li, ol' i'oursci, Ilii-y displayed
thi-iiisi-lVi-s lo illt' rear of the audience ()t'coursc, iI‘
Ilial ilidii'l attract yoii, lllt' chains around the neck
might have, And let's iiol I'orgct about the symbol
ol' the lltiiti's grcascr' lllt' lililt‘h comb in the back
pocket The only thing missing was :i Iiiolorcycli-
'l‘lii- gri-aser girls were not as prcilomiiiciit, but
added to the atmosphere, All in all, it was a pretty
Wcird si'cuc l mean it's been a long time since I was
at a concert \Vllt‘l'l‘ .i good part ol the audience
looked lll\'l‘ tllt'll' liiltcs \Vt'l't' parked outside No, I
didn't see the Stones .it .‘\ll.|lllti|||ll, but this siiriv.
Iii-ll rcnundcd illl' oI ll 'I‘liat guy Will! the earrings
was really too much Nevertheless I really got iiilo
the mood oi lllt' place \Irltll i-uoiigli lwallied to ill)

 

7

 

 

 

s

seat and the gi'casi-i' iii-\t to Illt‘ Vt‘lll‘tl to his friend
carrying the llltl) cap,"llivy Augi-l, throw me my
knit’c, Will y.i“"'.

'l'lii~ grcascrs \Vt'l'l' lii-i-ouiiug iiicrcasuigly iin
patient, .iiid by this tune it was becoming iiiuli-
noticeable l"ttl;lll_\' iii .IlNllll Iti o'cliicli, Hlia Na Na
wallo-d on stagi- Now When a group walltson slag:-
these days. lllt' custom is to iiirii llH'lt' liacli ou the

 

audience, and Illilltl' llltl‘ there's no one there When
Sliii Na Na Wallis oiil, llll‘ show lit-gins ch guy
spits ou the Hour, anollicr displays his l'orcl‘iiigcr
rather conspicuously, while yet another liiirps iiilo
tlii- iiiiltc l ltiicw they came to play, and play llll')
did lly this time, llll'y have tllllt' guys on stage, and
iiiinicdiati-ly start iiilo a l'amiliai' rock'u'rotl ril'I'.
l"roiii Ilie side come the sliows most Visual l'ciiliirc.
three guys in gold lame suits, Ilial looltcil painted
on. SharNa-Na breaks iiilo their I‘irsl niiuilicr,
“minke, Rattle and lloll" , and the show begins. The
gold laiiics begin to move, coordinating their hands
and body movr-mi-uls, so lllttt Illt' Eitl's are upon its
again, The guitarist begins ii twist. and the pianist
starts some Jerry l.cc lil'\VI§ antics Ali, Murray lllt'
K, where are you now Ilial We llt'l'tl you”

'l'lic I‘irst guitarist looks like lH' pist came out of
thc pool i'ooiii, Willi sliii't, tic and suiigli ' 'l‘lic
saxophoni- player is a large grcasy I‘igurc, armed
with undc‘. irl, and snake hell The guy at the vice
piano bears some resemblance to Jerry Lee licivis,

 

 

 

ﬁne is liaiiiig .l tough time
redirecting llccloi's :ittciilioii
(IV-ti) l'roiii Manlcau as the
slick \\illlli.'l'\ ol' the t'ouccrt
lloai‘il's (ircasci' ('oiitcsl
"gout ol'l'" allci' Ilial l'iiliuloiis
slum l'riilay
And the band plays on. llcl‘l).

 

especially when he begins to move. The guys in the
painted suits look like something out of Ringling
Bros. circus. ’l‘hey‘re clearly satirical, and the
audit-nee know it, its more than being just camp
because they arc really fine in a musical sense. The
guitarists truly surprile me, because they were
really good, especially on “Walk Don't Run“.
iii-sides playing wcll, they did the “duck walk“ and
the 'l'wtsl as they played. The sax cami- llirougli
clearly and the pianist (lid some fine Jerry lice
Work.

Next came “'l'cars on My l’illow",
brcalidowii ol' the lead singer III the middle ol' the
number. it didn't t|llllt‘ bring lt'ni's to my I‘VI‘S, but I
laughed quite a tilt. “'l'ccu Angel" came on, and
UVI'i'tlrilllltitlttllltlll, Was iiol i-vcu the word to
describi- it. There Were I! gri-iisi-rs .ill holding their
hands up lo the sky singing, "l‘ci-ii Aiigcl.. can you
hear nit-1‘" There was a real line l’rcslcy iuiiiaiioii oi
“Jailhouse ltoclt" The singer did the Wlltill' hip-
shaking bit too They did a \‘crsion ot' "llliiiv {\liioii",
quite similar to the original \’l'l‘sl(lll by the Marci-ls
iu ltlti‘J, only this tune, lllt' lead singer clauimed on
the guitarist in the middle of the number l must say
It really Iooltcd an il' Hliii Na Na \Vci‘c i-iiioyiug
Ilii-msi-IVcs. After this, the bassist tor the group
(‘4Illll‘ up to lllt‘ lllllit' lo ilo “10 lead vocal oii
"'l‘ci-iiagi-r in [NW At this point iii the show, the
.iiidii-uci- began to [Hill in on lllt‘ i'lioriiscs The
singer seemed to have l)t't'll drowned out by them
through most of the song "Hixlccu llziiidlcs" Was llll'
iicxl iiuiiibcr, originally done by the t‘ri-sts in the
late 50's, Iiiil now it was some time for some
rock'ii'i'iill, and they i-xplodcd ltllli “Wholc liol'a
Shaking lloiiig ()u", coiiipletc Willi piano antics,
.iiid the whole group breaking out iiilo 'l'wist,
"Silhouettes (m it“. 51nd,." was done competently.
but it wasn't until “(iri-at Halls of l"irc", llial the
whole iiildieiici- got up and clappcd. They also did
"'l'cll |.aiira I Love Iii-r", t'ollowr-d by “llama Lama
Ding Dong" lu tlic middle of this one, the group
bcgaii to march around llic stage, jiist IWIiniig and
shouting. 'I‘licii, they Wciit into “Walk, Don‘t Run",
Willi the two guitarists playing on their ltliccs. lly
now, the color aiiilicncc was jumping alitl singing,
aiiil when they wciil iiito “At the llop", cvcryonc
moved Illlt‘ll' asses. They went ol'l', and when llicy
came back for the encore, the pianist shouch witli it
true grcascr looli on his law, “I've just got one thing
to say to all you I'iickiiig liippics out there: ltock
and ltoll is here to stay!"

completi- Wllll a

night triglitl.

 

r ‘r’ﬂyivﬁmﬁ?

 

 

 

a).

 

 

 

lbany Student Press

Vol. tVlll No. 40

Attica Protest
Draws 100

by Tracy Eagiiii

"We demand that the state immediately inform families of the
prisoners at Attica whether or not their men are alive or dead, injured
or well,

We demand (lie! the state immediately allow attorneys iiilo [he
prison to counsel the men who took part in the uprising.

We demand that the stale allow the leaders of the uprising access
now to news media, so the! they can lcll their side of the story In the
public.

We demand Ilial any panel set up to investigate the events at Allico
Iiiust include representatives of [he communities from which the
prisoners came. [i’eprcsenlaliecs selecled by their (prisoners) families,
and members of the group of observers who were at the prison
throughout the dislurlmnces,

ll'c demand a public declaration by the goiieriior that those who
loo/c purl iii the rebellion 11'!” be granted [all amnesty, hot/i
ialniinis/raluie and crinii/ia.

:lIirl lastly. we demand the immediate resignation of ('oiniiiissioiicr
Russell (1‘ (lsiiiald iii/to liiis udniilted l/iol he ordered the armed assault
on [he prisoners, and is [here/ore responsible [or the deaths of, nine,
forty Iii-o men, and the grace iiioiinding of countless others "

'l‘lii-sc demands, read by Rev. l’rank Snow, were approved by a
crowd of approximately (inc-hundred at the "Attica Massacre"
demonstration Wednesday morning. Some members ot' the group
wanted (iov. Rocltcl‘cllcr's name added to Iliat ot' Oswald's.

After the reading of demands on the steps of lllt' ’l'win 'l‘owcrs
building in downtown Albany about 70 people Went inside, There the
demonstrators asked to see "a rcspoiisibli ot'l'ici-r ot' this particular
department. " A Mr. Byrd told llic group "it you wait here very quietly,
We ham- sent your request down to the commissioner's office and Wl‘
expect an answer very shortly. “

The Director of Manpower and Employer Relations brought the
answer. “Wc‘ll accept your written demands, or if you prefer, Deputy
Commissioner Wim van Ei-ltcrcn will inch with you - six at you in
the library, on t.llt' condition that the rest of you ivill li-avc tllt'
building."

'l'o thi- displeasure otsomc, the group stood on tile principle that all
who desired to sec llii- ciiiiimissiinicr should he allowed into the
meeting. 'l'hus the demands Wcrc iiol presented to Van l'icltci‘cn and
the demonstrators returned to the streets. ()iic reaction to Ilic
(lorri-clioii ()I‘l'iccr's proposal was tliis,,,“tlicgroup wanted to relate to
“W Di-pai'tnii-nl ot' (turret-lions individually but the Deputy (,‘om-
niissioner would not inch with the group - instead be submitted a
counter ol'l'cl‘ to mch with live or six ri-prcsi-nlatives, 'l‘liii refusal to
meet with the large group was a bad tactic on his part because each
rcprcsciitalivc Ilial was here wanch to relate to an institution, but
wanted to pci‘soiialilc that relationship through the Figure ol' the
Deputy ('onimissioiii-r, (hii‘nmis'ioiicr or (iovcriioia..and now it tllii-
confrontation) is only to be deferred to a later date. 'l‘liiit's for sure."

()ue positive thing did come out of that demonstration though. Six
members of the Peace Education course at SUNY drc
spectre ot. (lcath, aiiil several ot' the dead," formed an eerie proc . "
and established the vitality and potential of gut-rillii theatre as ll way
of getting ii message to the people.

     

i , ‘ ‘
The (kiiioiistriitors wait ("I the 9th floor of the Twin Towers lhlildiii
their
('iaiiinissiiiIIL-r.

  

 

 

State University of New York at Albany.

77!: ASP

Friday, September I7, 1971

 

About l00 people, mainly students, rallied in downtown Albany last Wednesday to protest the Attica
deaths. They demanded the immediate resignation of Commissioner Russell G. Oswald.

ASP Photo/Chow

Budget Cuts Hurt Albany;
Construction Is Halted

by Roy Lewis

Budgetary cuts promise to plague the SUNYA financial picture for the coming academic year. The
state-wide SUNY I'rcexc initiated by the Legislature last spring has been further compounded by the
President‘s Wage and l’ricil Freeze at August l2.

According to John lliirtigan, lludgct Director here at SUNYA, the only direct effect ol‘ the President's
action has been llll‘ fact that the I'aciilty Iias not received their normal salary increment due on September
I. Whether these increments ivill take effect after November l2 is still unclear, in addition. no reallocation
of jobs has Iiccii approved by the Division of the Budget in light of the President's action. Hiirtigim did
mention that any increase in tuition, fees or room and board rates for the current academic year iill
prc-dati-d the President's action and are therefore legiil.

      

g for the Commissioner's  to

demands. The group left when all were not allowed to attend ii meeting with the

.‘lSi’ I’IuiIo/t how

The State I‘rai-zc paints II yet gloomicr picture for SUNYA. First of
all, there are no new construction funds available this year, resulting
in the tabliiig or scrapping of such projects as the West Podium
Extension and Ilic Field House. Secondly, no additional faculty
positions have been loaded or approved to carry the extra student
load. The 40 to 50 new faculty/staff l'iiccs represent tiiriiOVer. In
actuality, there are fewer faculty/stall" members working here this
year than in '7t)»'7l. Part of this attrition is due to the fact that 27
l'aculty lines liiid to be banked tor the current year in order to
producc almost $1,000,000 in forced savings from our budgetary
iillotinciit.

As llartigan explained, the Legislature appropriated $37,848,400 for
SUNYA this year After an iiiitiiil $1,050,000 cut by the Legislature,
followed by $050,000 in I'orccd savings and ii I'iirthcr cut of $555,000
in order to adjust olll' spending to lllt' collection of sliitc i‘cvciitlcs,
Albany has experienced a net t‘lll of $2,500,000.

\Vbcii tllt' Iiiidgct is prepared, it is divided into 150 budgetary
accounts, 00 ot' which arc academic in nature. The funds proposed for
these lﬁtt accounts are all set up within ceilings set down by the
(‘cuiriil ()I't'icc. In order to guard against iiiisappropriution, the
Administration is taking steps to ﬁnd and weed out inefficient and
costly iii-ins iu the Iiiidgct In addition, since Albany is a state agency,
it is sliiclly audited by the h‘tiilc t‘oiuptrnller. th nevertheless, real

t'tlh’l lllt'l't‘.

   

cs coiipli-il With uiI'lation spells cost increases for the
student l“l|i'lllt'l'tlltlt'l‘, Albany is not budgeted tor iiit'laiion iii service
areas tli-lcplioiic, l'iicl, i-lcclricity, etc .) And the llIiIvi-i'sity ninst raise
the revenues to iiii-ct thcsc rising costs

Ilaitigiiu I'cars still another cut for "H '72 due lo the slow up iii
l'l'Vi'lllII' collection illltl ilic gciici'al disuial picture of the economy.
Since there is 0 very large state dcl'icll. each state agency shares in
iiiiilting up the deficit gap. At present, SUNYA is prepared to
withstand lI I'iu'thcr cut of up to $200,000 by ti‘iiiimliig academic and
service areas. Anything above this amount could destroy the operating
biidgut for this fiscal yum.

 

