 
   
   
   

.-- -..' «1...- . a _ _,,.e....

 

  

  

PAGE 14

And While Yer Gettin’Stoned This Holiday. . .

Jonathan Edwards ( Capricorn SD 862)
American Pie: Don McLean (United Artists 5535)

Bob Dylan is a Pied Piper. Thus it was no surprise
that his l968 “John Wesley Harding" album started
a trend towards more tranquil, introspective folk
albums. James Taylor rode the crest of the tidal
wave but there have been many others who have
offered their wares.

Jonathan Edwards has recently gotten some notice
as his single "Sunshine" sneaked on to the charts.
He is a smooth, pleasant folk singer, although
certainly nothing to get excited about. His lyrics are
honest, though not exceptional, simple, but never
trite. An occasional delve into the folk~cum~blues
harmonica field helps give the album a little more
ﬂavor.

The biggest problem is a lack of material. The
album runs only slightly longer than a half hour and
this includes a couple of filler cuts. Side two is
easily the stronger performance and if you can
arrange a deal with your local record man to
purchase only this side, you‘ve got yourself a
bargain.

Folk music has always been divided into main
categories: the type that agitates and makes you sit
up and listen to it and the kind that soothes on the
mind. Don McLean trys to play both roles.
“American Pie" is quickly becoming a killer single
on the charts across the coutnry. It is one of the
best social commentaries in quite a while and is
musically dynamic and well balanced. The music builds
for eight minutes and dermnds. your attention for every
second. Unfortunately this song is not indicative of
the entire album. There is only one other fast song
on the album and it is a minature version of
“American Pie." When McLean sings softly his voice
puts one to sleep and his lyrics collapse into trashy
sentimentalism. There are a couple of exceptions,
“The Grave" and "Tilt Tomorrow" and although
they don't warrant purchase of tilt! album, at least
they offer some hope for the future.

The Coasters: 'l‘hr-ir Uri-atcsl Recordings (Alco SI)
:i:i-:i7|)

Alco Records has Just relr-asr-d an l‘Xl't‘IIl‘llI. col»
Iectioii of greatest hits albums that Includes the
work of thc Clovcrs, Drifters, (Yonsti-rs, LaVcrn
Baker, Chuck Willis, and Joe Turner. With the
exception of the Drifters album which (Iocs not
Ill(‘I\lfI(‘ such big hits as “ Under The Boardwalk" and
“Up On The Roof," all of the albums arc of top

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

quality with he Coasters’ winning by a notch.

The ﬁrst thing that hits you when you re-listen to
the Coasters after so many years is that they were
WHY ahead of the times. The first satirical group, the
Coasters were forerunners for later, more biting
humorista as the Bonzo Dog Band and the Mothers
of Invention. “Riot In Cell Block Number Nine,"
(which is the backbone of a Beach Boy song on
their “Surf's Up" album) and “Shoppin’ For
Clothes" portray the real-life situations of the
ghetto residents and were the songs that got the
group going on the rhythm and blues market.
“Along Came Jones.‘ is, along with "Plastic Fantas-
tic Lover," the most revealing song about the dull,
plastic, and hypnotic world of television. “Yakety
Yak" discussed the generation gap even before it
was announced that there was one.

Other songs on the album are simply t‘ine musical
pieces that somehow hold up well with age. The
musicianship is quite tight with the drumming
especially good for a 50’s group. The saxophone
breaks are sharp and exciting and in songs like
“Poison Ivy," a guitar takes over the spotlight,
infusing a little variety into the rhythm and blues
context. The most outstanding aspect of the
Coasters though was their three and four part
harmonies with bass voice Dub Jones usually play-
ing the hero as in “Charlie Brown" and Carl Gardner

and Billy Guy singing smoothly on top.

With songwriters Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller to
guide them, the Coasters could do no wrong in the
50's and they look even better in retrospective.

Quicksilver The Quicksilver Messenger Service
Capitol SW8I9

Dino Valenti strikes again. Since joining the
QuicksiIVer Messenger Service a year and a half ago
he has transformed this band in his own image. To
fans of the original QuicksiIVer, this was a disservice
 a disservice compounded when guitarist John
(Iippolina and pianist Nicky Hopkins dcpartcd in
(Iiss .isfaction. However, Valcnti has something to
offer if you can get past some of the loss likeahlc
features of his persona ' and this album is a decent.
though by no stretch of the imagination out
standing, addition to iiiiyonc's collection. The (Ii-bits
are too promincnl to miss Valcnti's vocal style is
inherently cxccssiVi- (and his obvious delight in
playing with the studio controls to compound his
(trawling moans only emphasizes that l'zu‘l)‘. guitarist
(iiiry Duncan can't sing at all; whoi-Vi-r luniilr-nli
fir-(I) sings “Play My Guitar" (I think it's [)1ch

 

 

Ever week, the
Esta lishment
trembles a little.

orary culture all analysed for their implications and
meaning.

political outlook. It cuts through
the smokescrccn of most other
Journals with their distortions,
omissions and hes. It gets to the
root of why the forces of Iibcriilion
are challenging the poch ot the
ruling class.

I"oi example, Wilfred Burclicll.
the Guardian's Indochina coi-
respondent. lilcd reports from
Southeast Asia WIllL'Il were seven
yum iihcad ol the sensational (and
piolrlublcl “l’cutagon I'apcrs"
disclosures

If you want the real story. read
the Guardian.

   
  
  
     
 
  
 
 

Because every week. a new issue of the Guardian appears.

It carries news of revolutionary developments in Asia.
Africa and Latin America; the movements for black and
women's liberation; the antiwar movement; the struggles of
workers, prisoners and students, and critiques of contemp-

The Guardian is a radical newspaper With an independent

full

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 197]
Eric Graeber

Freiberg but I hope not -— he used to new a decent
voice) should lay off the coke for awhile, quit
smoking, and shut up for a year (and try gurgling
with honey), and the new bassist (Freiberg has
moved over to rhythm guitar and I think the bassist
is George Bonney, a former Quicksilver roadie, but
I‘m not sure — he's unidentified) is singularly
uninspiring.

The attractions of this album, though, can be
quite appealing. Gary Duncan’s guitar is solid
throughout -— so much so that I occasionally forgot
that Cippolina was absent. An unidentified pianist
(Nicky Hopkin57?) lays pretty sheets of waterfall
colors behind the leads, and the production —
though hardly ﬂawless - is a distinct improvement.
over the production of the band‘s last outing.

What finally makes it worthwhile, though, is the
loveiible-infuriating Valenti. The opener, Hope,
nicely showcases his peculiar talent (and might be a
good choice for a single). The lyrics trumpet every
hopelessly shopworn cliche the mind can summon —-
the Eve of Destruction, the New Day Dawning, 2:
Ray of Hope for Mankind, and the Circle that Shall
Not Be Broken; and Valenti delivers them with just.
the right straining emphasis, a chorus lagging behind
the lead by a fraction (and probably consists of
Valenti, Duncan and Frciberg overrlubbed), while
Duncan supplies a simple but effective uppcr-
register guitar lead.

The first reaction is “oh, no, this is simplistic
drivel.” But wait a minute. What is hope'.’ Can you
~ or anyone cIsc -- rationally account for hope?
Does it make any sense at all to hope ~ to haw-
hope‘.’ In what? God? Church? Society? The
American Way? The Meaning of Life? Higher
Education'.".".’ The hippie movement? Drugs'.‘ Then
what'.’

But, still, somewhere, most of us have some hope.
We. don‘t really know where, or why, but it's tbcrc.
It's extremely difficult to Iivr- any kind of life
without some kind of hope. And so what I)l'IIl‘I'
expression of the absurdity of hope than [Ill' cliches
of hope‘.’ There is a warm, loving acccptancc of the
way ri-alily, life, and absurdity arc hopi-Icssly
intertwined in this and in much of his writing and
performing (for VtIIt'ltIl [ri'rforins his lyrics on this
album,

Ilis emerging talent Iics In the way he works With
clichcs W Ilope, 'l‘ruth (“ICVcrything Is true"),
Rock~ii~ltoll as the Answr-r, Dino himself as rock
singer-starsupcrstud to franuI thiI i'cuIilics from

which the cliches grow and to which they I'(‘Illrll,

 

 

 

PRE-CHRISTMAS

 

mail to: Guardian, 32 W. 22nd St.

Enclosed is: New York, New York 10010

“$10.10: a rowlu one year sub.
“$5.10: a one your student sub.

[1351. lot a rim-week "III sub.

(tor Canada and Latin America.
add $2. per sub; aim-re
outside u.s., add SH

CLEARANCE
SALE  

 

Sole Starts

 

Mon., Dec. 13

 

 

U31. for e one you GJ. or Prisoner tub. 2242

Home

Adrien-

cm Sm- Zln
EM

 

 

 

 

uncle horry’s
clothes closet

ALL ITEMS REDUCED 20-40% “
FOR EXAMPLE:

MIDI COAIS

SKI IACKEIS

IADIES’ COAIS

MEN’S SUEDE IACIIEIS

and many, many more
“EXCEPT AIR FORCE ARCTIC COATS

next door to the
campus center
barber shop

WERE $25 NOW $19.95

WERE $23 NOW $18.95

WERE $25 NOW $19.95

WERE $38 NOW $31.95

 

 

  

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

PAGE 15

oturdoy: The Magic of GreoiCinemo

On Saturday, December 11, at one p.m., Art
Council begins its first All-Day Film Festival. Six
very rare films will be introduced and shown by
William K. Everson, the world 's leading authority on
film classics. Professor Everson, who teaches at
NYU, has written a number of books: The Western,
The Bad Guys, The Films of Laurel and Hardy, The
Films of Hal Roach, and others, in the center of
film activity in New York. Born in England, he
came to the United States in the early 1950‘s and
began the Theodore Huff Memorial Society in New
York which specializes in rare films of the past. Mr.
Everson has the world‘s largest private film collec-
tion and is an archive in himself. In these (lays of
instant experts, Mr. Everson is a rarity in that he
lives and breathes film and knows mori- about it
than anyone in America, He has hclpcd a number of
film scholars, and there is not a film book of merit
published in the last twenty years that doesn't havc
an acknowledgement to him in IIll' preface.

Mr. Everson is not a stranger to our campus. Art
Council was pleased to hch him last year when hc
showed Griffith’s lli'urls ol' llic Il'orlil, and yours
lit-fore whcii the International I’ilm (iroin was
formed by Arthur Lcnnig, hc II'IlI prints from his
collection.

Besides his teaching actiVIlics at NYU, he also runs
a highly succcssful sci'ics of scri-cnings .it IIlt' New
School for Social Iii-scorch on Friday nights. \\'Ilt‘l'(‘
most of Now York's important film critics can In-
St'l'll (initi- regularly trying to catch up on lhcir film
history

An Ilttvnsl', enthusiastic. and t|lllIl' [it'i‘StllhlIiIt'
innii, Mr. I‘Ivi-rson Is a popular I'iguri- on hi~ ou'n
campus, and is always Willing to \Ilili't' III\ llllll‘ “'IIII
students. IIc will talk briefly about much of tho l'rlnix
hc \VIII lir- showing Saturday. .iiid IIll'I'I' \vrll In- .i
Wini- i'cci-ption in Ronni [‘in III the I’ini- ;\I'I~
Building wlicrc filrn buffs can talk \VtIIl Illlll

l. 'I‘hi' .Ifll'tll'll' of Mir Il'oli'cs ll"i';inci'. Itl‘JJl)
Dil‘l'cloi‘i Raymond I5l‘l'lllll'tl I’ossibly tlic Illith
blatantly InllIilIlVl' of (iriffith of .in_\ film. :i fusing
of the construction and (Well riulivuluiil sci-nos from
Into/crunch, Orphans of lhi' Slorni. and t‘Vt'll ll‘iit

Down East, yet withal a tremendously impressive I
film in its own right, and certainly one of the)

biggest of all film spectacles. The period of French ’ I

.“r

history usually dealt with only in the comic opera
forum of the Francois Villon legend, here almost a
documentary reconstruction of fact and legend with
enormous scale battle scenes. Last shown in the
United States in 1925 and was considered lost, but
Mr. Everson visited the 80-some-year-old director in
France a few months ago and managed to get this
copy.

2. The Penalty (I920, USA) Director: Wallace ‘

Worsley - Starring Lon Chaney, this film tells the '

macabre story of a child whose lets were unnecessar-
ily umpuuited by a doctor. He grows up to be a
superscriminal and locates the doctor and seeks
revenge. WhiIc most of the more famous Lon
Chaney/'I‘od Brown in collaborations in thc ‘2tl‘s
tcnd to sccm flat and disappointing today, Chaney's
earlier work for (lodwyn holds in extremely well,
The I’cnully is one of the bcst, a full-bloodcd
melodrama in which the slightlv "sick"and morbid
plot clcinciits uri- playcd almost longuc-in-chiu‘k.
\Vorslcy also dirccti-d Chaney iii The Hunchback of
Nolri- I)IIIIII'.

.I, 'l'IIi' Iii): I’ur'riilr' (USA: MUM, ltl‘lfi) I)ircclor:
King Vidor 'l‘hc most famous, successful, and
[)i'I‘Iltips ihc gri-aicsi of World War I films, 'l‘lrc Iii'g
I‘iiriitli' dramatically tells of an i'iithusinsllc r-nlistcc,
his falling Ill love. and his experiences during the
war. Starring John (iiIIu-ri, this In one of Mtih‘l's
LLI’I'.|II'.\I box ol'l’ici' and artistic sncci'sscs

l Ifiilliloc Drummiuiil tI'SA. ItlL’tIl I)lt'i‘t'l(n'2 I"
Richard inillt's. II.irr_\ I)'.\rr:i..t, unofficially ()iii-
of IIlt' Inggcst boxoll'ici' \llt'UI‘SM‘h of its your,
lliiI/llng Ih'umoio/nl lll\l.lllII) i-stnblislu-d (‘olniiin as
lIlt' Illilltll'lll'\\‘>I.II'1|IVIIII'Iillklf‘h,IIIIIIUI‘UIIPNIIIILIIIS
\HIIII lnil nnspi-ctnculiir success .IS a SlIt'IlI star.
Light Iii-.irti-dly kidding llu- lll_\‘\It'|‘_\' gcnrc, II has
[lilt'l', ('IlilI'IIl, Inniulifully \‘isuzil style. all of which
ingrcdu-nls wr-rc \IIII rnri- (i-spi-cnilly whi-n coln
Iilllt'tl Ill one such :ittracliri- pnckngc) lll llic curly.
unccrtnin (I;I)‘.\ of tlic t.i|klc.~ I" RIchiird Jones. who
(Ill‘l'CIt'II, Was it spccrnlist lll i'itllll'lIy'llll'IUKIl’IIlllil,

 

Lukas Foss Presents

Iillllltl thc niiu-r
grand [)IHIIU, \\’;L~ also sinnulaling of any consequence was the up

by Bill lirina

and WUI'IIIWIIIII‘
Creative Associatcs \\'t1Il Lukas

Foss [)I‘csclllcd a Inixi-d bag of humor ImlW'l A

new and not-so-ncw arantc giii'ilc \Vl'Ilt‘l'“ >“'“""'

malpriul “I t)". p,\(‘ Mm,de sponsc lroni cithcr thc .iudii-ncc zit like the ho» presentation of last
night. Iii-Jorcn II|IIl‘t“.\ Ethic/innv Iiirgc or from IIlIS rmu-wcr The \car, this year's program lackcd
Music for I'm/iii, Pun-“5514)” um] IIll't‘t‘ hru-t skclchcs that lollowi-d any I'lcincnl of inlcrlncdiu or any
'l'iipr' was the unqualified sin-cam. \\t‘|‘|' mori- cngrossing only In Illalci'liil as Inhi-i'i-nlly gripping as
what had on
llll'tIlilIl‘I_\ pi'i-ccdcd lIIl‘ll]. 'I'hi- IIIL‘IIIIL'IH ol last year's pi-rforiii
“mm-.1), n..- pmm. o 7 inslrii once The minor item of interest
nicnts by I'Iru-kson that closcd the II] this appearance was 1Ilt' strong

of Llic evening; sparkling, i'Iiytli r‘Ullltl-H'IMUH 1”
mic (surprisingly so for it pit-cc of
this structure), hninoi'ous, and I'll
ergctic. 'l‘hc appcaranci- of u Ilill

loon and an alarm clock wcri- Just night was .i IlllllIWI'llltl, nnmcn cIcIni-nl of a-rhytlnnic pcrcussion
attention only
I'ormancc. A new, lillIlIIt‘tI picn- duringllir-niiprovrsi-d.transitional “"I)‘ “"9"” “I "WSW ||| WIHK'II

thr- finishing touches to the per pit-cc that hcld

by Foss himself, featuring host on (‘iltII'llAiIS
piano and an accomplice inanipu 'I'Iiis

'I'lic rust of III!‘ nintcrnil was of (for this setting) and intcri-stnig

l'Ilt'lIl‘tI no rc

presentation was stricin tcllsn‘l'ly Woi'ki-d Willi today,

Wiring of the musical. tlic oiin Visual i-Ii-nir-nt,
pi-iirunci- of an array of unusual

liru-l’. longlost percussion instruments gongs,
marimluis, \‘Ibriiphoni-s, etc [In

lu'ighl Songs for u .lIiiil King. IIl('

 

lhc iiViiIilc- furnishing llic

a rhythmic percussion is Iii-mg i-x-

 

  
 
 

Thanks to Kenn Rabin for his assistance in securing this photo
of “The Miracle of the Wolves" ( I924).

his SIIt‘IlIS havmg included such (Ichrsc subjccts as Mabel Normand‘s
l‘llt‘ffl’)’ and Fairbanks' ’l‘lii' (.‘iirrc/io.Presumably he would have made ii
firstrali- lalkic director, hilt hc dicd shortly after the completion of
this, his last film.

2'). Thu Sroruidrc.‘ (USA, |tl£lll Dircclol': Bcn Hecht, Charles
Min-Arthur assisted by law Grimes Ilr'st mid most literate of the
four adniiltcdly pretentious yct fascinating and totally self-indulgent
films made by IIccht and MacArthur during their sojourn III
Paramount‘s Long Island Studios. Currently not availablrl on TV or
cIscWIli'rc

ti, ’I'lic Slory of ’I‘cm/rlc Dru/ri- (USA, ltlilll) Director: Stephen
[lulu-rt.» ’l‘ogi-thcr WIIII Warner‘s ('illll't'llflrlll ('ily, this film holds
IIll' dubious distinction of having singlehandcdly brought about the
clampdown of censorship. Although certainly a nasty little work, its
notority crime primarily from its pri-production ill-fame as an
adaptation of I":iu|kiicr's Silllt'fltul)‘ Supcrbly photographed by Karl
Strum; with Miriam Hopkins, Jack In Ruu, William Gargun, Sir Guy
Standing, IIl'ItI off TV and away from thcatrical reissuc because of
complications in ownership of the story rights.

 

 

excluding hall-days and exam days.

 

Elie New ﬁnd: Emma

For The State University Of New York At Albany

ENJOY CAMPUS DELIVERY

OF THE NEW YORK TIMES NAM“

Delivered on all days that school is in session,

 

 

That’s Fit to Print”

“All the News l)o/i’l [orch boys and girls.
)nly .‘irl illoi'c Shop/It'll! I)uys "I‘ll
i‘roumlhogs' I)il_\‘,

 

 

Save 1/3 of Newstand Price of the Daily New York Times

Semester

'Delivery will be available on Alumni Quad during Spring

 

 

I will pick up my copy on thc quads

Sl'llthl 'l‘I‘IIlhl

I’Icasc I‘cgisrcr inc us a subscriber to TIic New York Times.

Inivc i‘Iicckcd. (I)cIivcrcd to faculty oI‘IViccs.)

STEAK-OUT

HOT SI RI.OI N SANDWICH

according to the plan I

free delivery

To t’l"l'()lt’N QUADS

 

Please enclose piiynienl. (‘hccks puyublc to

S(‘1|()()I. ADDRESS

 

Weekdays a Sundays it: 17,:tb Iii-siili-nt Students
Weekdays (Mon Sat) 7.61! ()iin
Sundays ONLY 9.7.“:

\Vi-ekilnys (Mon 11‘“) ti..‘l(l Faculty & Commuters

HUI-It’ll lion: and sand to: EDUCATIONAL NEWS SERVICE. BOX 12288.
MOO Washington Ave, Albany. N. V. 12203

SUNDJ l' ()N1.l’~

('mi'nimioii Al sandwiches)
Educational News Scrvice.

I’I ION I')

call 482-5587
or
come in

We 'rc on Ontario a! Madison

BOX NO.

 

 

 

 

 

 

IElniﬁl‘Ailtuuuulii|l\i\\'.ri.tliluiiliii-IiirsiiniiuiIiusihnnuqihlin.

-l.':'." lHlH-‘J: iltltuHthtH. n‘f"

1................-. inn-nu .r.......... mun”... . .................l

 

