 

em;

-._-_--_-‘..-....WW I I

 

- 1:. 
i

l

    

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1971

 

  

CHOLOGY RECORDS RELIGION

TEXTS PSY

before you spend a fortune on

ASP Photo/Chow
ART LANGUAGE HISTORY BLACK STUDIES MUSIC

.. ,:

 

BRYN MAWR BOOKSHOP
one arcadia at Western
(just beyond Dimkiii Dunn/x)

books for college courses
Try The

BBYN MAWR BOOKSHOP
we have 100,000 used books

482-3549

LITERATURE SCIENCE WOMEN'S RIGHTS

Open: Wed.
Thur,
Fri.

10:30 to 4:30
l0130to0100
10:30 to 4:30

AOOWONHDEL AHdVHSOIS SXOVSHBdVd

PHILOSOPHY

 

 

 

 

 

WE’LL

SELL

EVERYTHING
IN SIGHT

*o-o*

Sterling Optical

Shop at our famous "Frame
Bar“ and m: ;i hug..- xelcciion
of fashion frames for every-
one. Rounds. squares. ovals

stylus for the mini. the
midi. the maxi - to gold.
silver or a Wide range of plus»
tics. Iirowsc to your heart‘s
content. try on as runny us you please.

And there's one hour service on most prescriptions
. . do the rest of your

Just leave your prescription .

shopping . . . your glasses Will be ready when you are

.;.-,W,,.

lar use

 

lenses

Shop Sterling's Huge Selection of
Famous "Plano" Non-Prescription Sunglasses

TWO CONVENIENT STORES TO SERVE YOU

 

Route 5. Colonic, N.v.

Stores in New York, New Jana

 

learn the facts about contact
lenses and tinted lcnscs (let
till the information about in
unit adjustments
I'ind out why mil»
liom of people criioy Contact

STERLING OPTICAL

LATHAM CORNERS SHOPPING CENTER
intersection of Roulnn 9 I. 7. Latham. N Y.

NORTNWAV MALL SHOPPING CENTER

. Florida.
nshlnzlon. 0.0.. Maryland, WSCOHIIII, Toronto

rccn-

 

Indian Quad Kitchen 0pc?
Despite Multitudes of Problems

Indian Quad’s kitchen chief-
manager Jerry Carrow knew only
four days before school opened
that his kitchen would be ex-
pected to feed incoming residence
students. Carrow, who has been
with FSA for 6% years, spending
the last 4 as the chief-manager on
Colonial Quad, described the
problems encountered by his staff
in the past two weeks.

Every item of food and many

utensils and appliances had to be
carried by the staff since the
elevators were not working. For
the ﬁrst few days on the quad
there was no steam or gas. Until
Wednesday the ventilation system
was not fully installed so kitchen
employees were forced to work in
almost intolerably hot conditions.
The staff was not the only group
that had difficulties with the heat
because for the ﬁrst four days of

8/1] Grading Scrutinized

continued from page I

While in intent both proposals basically have the same thrust there are
some minor differences. One of the proposals, authored by Richard
Collier, academic advisor, university college, who was also one of the
originators of the present S/U system, calls for the elimination of the
quality point average and the D, E, U, I, W, and X grades shall not
carry credit towards graduation. The proposal also states that after
one semester of full time enrollment six credits are required for

academic retcnsion. Collier stated

that if the 367 petitions currently

being considered by the Undergraduate Academic Council are granted
than he could see waiting until January 1972 to implement his
proposal. If the petitions are not granted he fccls implementation this
semester is necessary, Collier commented on his proposal by stating,

“I think this is better than the present system... it has safeguards.

n

The other proposal, being drawn up by Robert Morris, (loan of
undergraduate studies, is similar to the above plan in that it calls fora
comparable change, but several of the specifics are at variance with

Collicr's proposal.

Other alternatives to the current system, while not being actively
considered iit this time include: S/U grading with faculty recommend-
ations, the establishment of it no record notation which would mean
that the student‘s transcript would contain only those courses passed.
Other possibilities include a limited S/U grading system with the

number

of courses graded as such being restricted by semester.

Another form of this method is to allow S/U courses only outside of a
student's major field of study. Another alternative is it modified S/U
system with high pass, pass, low pass and fail or no credit.

The Undergraduate Academic Council will be meeting on September
27 to consider the various proposals for changing the S/U grading

system,

operation the freezers did not
work either. A sewage probhm
also developed that caused the
dishwashing machine to ml,
funcion sending water out to the
service lines. On top of all the
problems is the additional factor
that workmen are struggling to
finish the quad before the Albany
winter sets in. The resultant is
that workmen and chiefs both
attempting to complete it job
often get in each olhcr's way,

was all the problems the
kitchen is currently serving clasp
to 900 students. The facility is
serving all three meals and stu~
dents from any quad can calthere.
On Monday a cash linc compar‘
able to the one on Colonial will
open on the quad.

For anyone who has eaten in the
quad dining halls bcforc, Indian's
setup is quite surprising. Unlllit'
the other dining halls that how a
serving line where the sludcni
picks up his dcsscri, .ippt-tirt-r,
main course, ctc., dinners iii [ii-
dian find a scrambled serving j)lil~
tcrn. Once a studcnl wailson lliit‘
he enters the scrving art-a \\'lll‘|'t‘
he picks up his rolls and his
rippetilcrs. After he liiis l'lili‘ll llllil
he returns to it different st-clioiinl
the serving area and plt'ltx up ll|,\
main courst' and his di-sscrl ifiic
dcsircs. (Yarrow nit-ntiqu-d that
most students arc unfamiliar \I'llll
the system and stand and wait for
their entire mciil til one llllll‘
I‘lowcvcr this lrcnd \l‘t'llls in be
changing

Drum Corps to Entertain at Halftime

This full spectators in Albany
State football games will he lreiit-
cd to halftime entertainment pru-
vidcd by ilic (ircut Dancs Drum
and Buglc (‘orps, a drum corps
composed of SUNYA stiidcnts.
This spring Student Association
voted to allocate funds toward the
purchase of equipment and the
hiring of instructors for lIII.‘ corps,
and thc result of this appropria»
tion will bc premiering at the
Homecoming festivities
In addition to football halftime

shows, the corps will perform at
()llicr athletic and university
evonls as Well as at parades and
exhibitions in thc Albany area.
There arc also plans for tlic
uppcaranec of the Danes at a
number of drum corps exhibitions
and competitions,

Originally conccchd of by Lee
Spiro and Larry Visconti, the

Corps already boasts it member-
ship of musicians from many of
the great drum corps in the coun-
try, including the

New York

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

.mmxmxxmx‘uucxm :44ch Mtg

WINE!

0 corkscrews o

 

 

rocks 0 all accessories 0 

Skyliiicrs, Syrucusc lil'iudtlil'h Si
Rita's liriissincn, llll‘ l'l‘Nl'
Warriors, and SI :I1i\t‘jtll\ oi Ila
IilVlZl. 'l'hc corps Will hr ||I\lii|l ml
by Richard AiidI-rsoii oi iln- lillgn
(hers and (loorgc Nt'dllill III ila-
Skyliiicrs on burns, Iloli lii‘lhlill
of tlic Intcrstntr-snicn oii llt'llllln,
and Allen Sinythc of llll' liiu'lii‘s
tcr Crusaders leaching (hill

The Albany Stult- llruni ('iil'ps
has the potential to bc boili l'illl'l
taining and rccrcational 'l'lic niin
ingrcdicnt nccdcd is lllt' support
of the students. The (‘orps still
has a number of openings in Illt'
color guard, horn and drum .sl'l'
lions. Any girls with color guard
or marching l‘XjN‘l‘H‘llt‘t' :ii'c r-spcc
iiilly nccrlcd. Anyone having an)
drum corps or musical t-spi-rit-nci-
is invited to illll'lld the first lltt't'l
ing and i‘chciirslil which \\'|ll liv
held on Sunday. Sept li.’ in 1.1'1'
lurc ('i-nli-r 12 .it Ii ill) l-Iipiip
incnt Will l)l‘ (IISll'IIHIIt'lI .Il Ill-ll
time.

3
l

\

I A
chker Straw Flowers 11
Beaded Curtains vases 
t I I:
candles Madeira Print Bedspreods l l 
0m LlC i:
Incense Burners (thousands) l
jewelry 
—.—._ x 1“
I pOSlUS i;
mobiles ' H  "y Flnn 

n  (WCIIIMI Avcnuc - Nlltlllwily Mall (in-at In Alniiil'x) I 88

nit-in Avrnuc (next to loot Sawyer Moi *l I g 055
' . “I only It) iiuiiutcs linni IIIl‘ i.|llilltl\ ( ’
Wlnd chimes l2) liuy-Sthcncttaily Road, l..ilh.un

“(It’ll ('l‘l‘IItIIA‘.‘  

 

‘opcn Sundays lioin IL 5. if) p lll
WK

3 >uocacx>cx30<xnp<xx>“

 

 

 

Arnold Ptoskin, Albany D.A., will be one of the
speakers on the September 22 panel discussing “The
First Amendment. The Media and the Newspapers."

Radio, T.V., Newsmen To Attend:

Journalism Workshops To Begin

(Pimlrary to popular opinion and
ln-licf. journalism cl: 5 will I!('
givcii this full. The i'|;.. s, dcvcl-
iipr-(I U\'l‘i' lIlt' summer ;I> ihc
subject of .iii indi-pcndi-ni study
lli‘iiJN'l,zii'c :iii attempt in priivilli'
sonic instruction in journalism l'vir
Albany Slain students. 'I‘hi- min-st-
si‘i‘n-s \vill lic the only iiili-iisivc
ofl'i-i'ing in iiiuriialisni at Albany
Sliilc.

Ian-til ill‘\VS|):l|lt‘I‘. radio £|II(I l.\'.
news pi-oplc liiivi- agreed to conic
on campus this scmcslt-r tii ciiii~
duct the sessions, The topics
t-iivi-rcd will range from tho lcch~
ltlt‘lll iispi-t'ls of news prt-si-ntzilion
In the legal and philosophical
problems encountered by tho
mi-(liii. Members of NW Associated
Press, 'I‘lii' 'I'iIiii's' l'iiiriii, 'I'lic
I\'iin'lrt'i'lim'lri'i‘ .'\’i'iii.~;, Long Ir
land's .\"i'iiisdiiy, WHOW radio,
WIUIB l v channcl ti and others
from tho conuncmiulnr-din IIiIVl‘
:igriji-d lo liclp, In addition fill in-
bi-i's of the Albany facility and
stuff h:ch been rccruilcd to ('t)ll-
duct chcral sessions,

The first scssiiin will be held on
September '12 and currcnl plains
tcntalivcly call for n pimcl dis-
cussion on "'I'hc Ii'ii'sl Ainch-
inciil, 'I‘hc Media and 'l'ln-News-
inakcrs." l’ancl incinlicrs include
Amslcrdzim Assumblywoman
Mary Aim Ki'upsuk, Albany D.A.
Arnold I’ros’km, I'IXcL'uIIVi- Editor
of 'I‘hi' Iviiit'lu'i'lmr'irci' Nciiis,
Rubi-rt li‘ichenbi-rg, Donald
Di-cltcr, Wilfib news ilircctor and
Aaron Slicppui'd, WHUW nch tIll"
m-toi', illlll tentatively Assembly-
mon Fri-(l Ii'iclrls \\’.ilt'li this paper
and nilii-r own sources for further
di-iiuls 'l‘hn-
missions \vill br- III'Itl on 'l‘ucsiliiy
r-vcnings Il.\ll:|ll)‘ at .‘s’ (it) in llii
manila-s l‘JtI l“in'lht-i iiil'in'iiinliim
on «arch sr'ssioii Will be ilisscimim
lvd through Illl\1l.t[il'i’ 'I‘ln- scrim

 

   

i‘i-iiiaiiirlm- of lhi-

will not be crcdil bearing illi(l
illll‘ll(lilll(‘(' is opi ioiiul allhoughstu-
dents inlcrcslcd in working for
lbi- campus mcdiu, WSUA and the
ASI’, are urged ll) iillcnd.

Along With llll' coursi- sci'ics,
i‘cfi-rciicc iniili‘i‘iiils .ii'r- also il\’lIII'
ublc. An unnolnlcd bibliography
of sunn- fiftocn books uscd in
pi'i-poriiiion for lllt' l‘lllSSl‘S is avail-
able in the ASI’ office. Also ilil
incomplete library of graduate
(Hill undergraduate collcgo colu-
logui-s from schools with journal-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE 3

‘Middle Earth’ To Make Debut
As Drug And Crisis Center

by Terry Wolf

Middle Earth, the culmination
of two years' work, will be ma-
king its debut early this Fall. It is
more than a drug center; it is
more than a student oriented pro-
ject. It is what the youth of the
university and Albany community
will work together to create.

Freedom from rigid structures
will enable the Middle Earth pro-
ject to be as flexible as possible.
The main goals from the concep<
tion of the center is three—fold. It
will incorporate Crisis 5300, ii
crisis intervention center, for
those who are experiencing prob-
lems of any kind. A second aspect
is educational in that inforimilion
from various sources will be avail-
able to aid students in making
decisions. Lastly, is thc link to the
community -- both for receiving
and for relaying information and
for the sharing of resources.

ism concentrations can also be
found in tho ASI"s campus i-ciitcr
ol'ficcs. Any inquirics about the
scrics or available mull-rials should
bc directed to Vicki chdiii :il lIll'
ASI’ ()Ill‘il‘f‘s.

Asidl- from providing :in oiiilcl
for lhiisc sludciils ('lll‘l'i'lilly St't‘li‘
mg journalism instruction a long
riingi- ginil of the project is to
providc :i basis for the ‘. 'lity
(if :in :iccri-ditcd coursc stores in

 

journalism in tho lit'ill‘ future.

Day Care Seeks Aid

continued from page I

An arrangement Willi the School of Nursing was proposcd whorl-by
nursing students could iiid llil' Daiy ('iii'c (lciitor and :eL‘I’ivelrainiiig
simultziin-ously. Duviil Kopilow suggi-sli-d that lln- Day ('iii’c ('i'iitr-r
('oi'piirntion :icccpt two pcoplc from the Student Association to IIII‘II‘

Board of Dii'i-ctin's.

David Hirsch I‘cporlcd at the committi-i- int-cling that the Times
lliiioii has agreed to allow the Day ('iii‘c ('cnli-i' to print ill'lll'll'S of
lIn-ir financial need. In addition (liiliiily \Vclfrii'c may expand its day
czii-i- st'l‘Vlt't‘s to thc University communin in lll72.

Last year the primary (loniilurs to the Day (Iiii'i- f'i'nici' were the

Univr-rsity and the Samuel Aroiiiwii'l. Foundation

This your Ibi-

Univcrsity has agreed to rent the basmncni of Pierre Ilull for tllll' dollar
per year if the Day (luri- (lenici‘ rci'civcs funds. 'l'hi- Ai'oiiiwnl.
Foundation exclusively donates funds to new organizations tlii-rcl'oi'i-
mulling llll' two-your old Day (lure (It'tllci' inchgililtv for funding.

The Day (lzn‘c (icnli-i' ('oi'poi'iitiiin must liliVl‘ funds in ordcr to
rcccivv u licciisi' to upci‘ulc, 'I'Iic ('cntcr must go bcforc IIII' Albany
t'oiinty Social Scrvn'cs Btiill'fl and if iippi'iiVi-d, it must llu-n pi-tilion
tho New York State Social Services Board in order in rcccivu ii Iit'l-nsi‘,
Only children of students arc cligiblc to i'cccivu Day (Iziri- Services.
'l'hc childrcn must ItI' Iii-lwm-ii six months and MW yours old. (Tliililri-n
of Faculty and Sliiff iucmbcrs tll'l' not eligible. Students interested in
ri-gistci'ing llicii' children for day L‘lil'l‘ Si'l‘VlI‘l' or are interested in n
stuff position \lllilllll contact Marilyn Iiin'i'h, i(i£l-l‘.37l, oi' Iliu'lnii'ii

I'lillUlI, 766 117.14

_ _ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . _ . . . . . . . _ . . _ _ _ . . . . . _ _ . _ . . . . . . . . . . . .._‘

The most complete line of health food
with the lowest prices in the area.

1’ l8 Washington Avenue
Albany. N, Y.
Pligiw

L . . — — . . . u — - _ - — _ u — . — — . _-

Mon. Full 8
Sat. 11-6

434—3290

A suite of rooms in Ten Eyck
Hall on Dutch Quad (the tempor-
ary phone number is 7734) is
designed to provide adequate fa-
cilities for the switchboard, meet-
ings, and counseling. In addition a
room will be made available on
each quad for the center‘s use.
General rapping and drug talk
down will be the main purpose of
such “out post" centers. The em-
phasis is «on- the complete youth
culture, that is all students with
any questions or problems, espe-
ciully in “people-related" areas.
Trained personnel Will have vast
resources to draw upon from
across the nation such as Refer,
community services, and various
switchboards. In counseling , the
scientific, the legal, and the per-
sonal will be integrated in the
form of a non-judgemental ap-

preach in dealing with problems.

The direction Middle Earth
takes will depend upon student
participation and expressed needs.
Individual and group sponsored
activities are planned. Resources
will be made available for those
who are interested and for those
who wish to help. Training
sessions for different aspects of
the program will be held.

An early October date is sche-
duled for the official opening of
the 24 hour center. A switchboard
will be installed to facilitate coun-
seling and to expand the scope of
the center. Hours will depend,
once again, upon student support.
To help launch Middle Earth, in-
terest meetings will be held Wed-
nesday and Thursday, September
in and 16. Watch for further
details.

 

January IS, 1972.

 

calender carnelian

There is an error in the 197172 Undergraduate Bulletin and the
1971-73 School of Criminal Justice Bulletin.

 

Final examinations will be held from Thursday, December

lG-chncsdiiy, Dcccmbcr 22. 1971.
lntcrscssion will be from ’I‘hursday, December 23, 197T»Sunday,

 

.'\

Fr-‘iday ——

Saturday —

 

  

presents a

CHARLIE CHAN FESTIVAL

The Red Dragon - o - Shanghai Chest

 

 

The Feathered Serpent - - o The Trap

double feature each night
at 7:30 and 10:00 in LC 25

 

 

 

xxx xxxxxxx

Albany'

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

l025 Central Avenue

With this coupon - get a

FREE EXTERIOR WASH

with gas fill-up (no minimum)

or

Full Service Wash - $1

Supersonic Car Wash

Latham

offer expires Sept. 23rd

just south of the circle
next to McDonald’s

 

 

 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx‘v

 

 

- . . "in '\Noywqmﬂph‘kaszmmvL‘MVt'tly"

,.

‘d

 

