 

i
l

,s‘vr'ir', 

... «mp—vow».  . ,.

 

 

 

 

PAGE 8

These two pages represent the efforts of four .llSI'
reporters. The issue at hand is S/U grading and its
acceptance by the university community. We have
presented a brief history of SN grading, an idea for
its improvement, and the attitudes of several ran‘
domly selected professors toward the system. We
welcome student comment land we just might print

some of it! l.

In The Beginning...

by (‘arolc (iticlick

All iIilci'cieic icil/t I)t'rll1 .lloi'i'is
revealed the history of llli' .H‘ l'
grading system and llll' possible
alternatives,

At the Senate meeting of ()cto
ber 27, 1969, a policy was
approved to ptil all students who
had fewer than 2-1 credits as of
September, llllifl, and who had
never received A-E grading from
tlte unchrsity, oii aii S~U grading
policy. Each student was to rc-
main on it until he rl‘t't‘IVl'tl :36
credits and thus became a iunior
This was to he effectch iiiitil
June, 19711, to allow students and
teachers to adjust. it was to be
under observation by the Aca~
demic Standing Committee of ill!“
Undergraduate Academic (‘ouncil
“which shall interpret thcsysti-ni,
report on its operation aiitl recom-
mend cliangi-s as appropriate,“ Stir
dents who believed their situation
not covered by the conditions of
the original polity were to appeal
their cases in front of this error
mittcc.

However, on October 7, 151711,
the Committee oii Academic
Standing decided to grant, as a
category, exemptions to students
graduating in 1973 and 11174. This
was done because of evidence that
students wanting to go to medical
school had their chances reduced
and because the students had
come here expecting to be A-E
graded, only to he told differently
after they enrolled. At this time,
21-1 premedical eitcinptions were
granted. Eighteen other requests
were made, ten of which were
approved.

On April 1-1, 1971 the Commit-
tee on Academic Standing decided
unofficially to stand behind the
October 7 decision and not grant
petitions to prenicdicul students
(as a groupl graduiiting in 15175.

However, til a planning conference
in July, Dean Morris spoke With
sevural parents who believed they
had been informed by the univer-
sity that the S»U system was
optional. The university sent out
letters to all freshmen reminding
them of their right to petition.

On August 11 and 211 the UAC
met and approved Hits petitions,
including 112 for premedicid stu~
dents, 17 for transfer students, 115
for pri-liiw, si-veii unclassified, iiix
for graduate school, six for pre

dental, and five for students near
it; credits and two for medical
technology students.

At llll‘ t'outicil int-cling on Sep
teiiilicr 1-1. 1071 We legality of
tlii- .-\iigtisl petitions was dis
cussed. The authority ol' the
(‘oiiiii'il to give blanket approval
to petitions was questioned tilt
the two days. Heptciiilicr 1 l and
1:3. llial the l'otiiicil iiii-t, Ill-'1
pi-titioiis for exemption were
accepted,

At the Senate meeting on th-
lolicr 1, Htudeiil Association l’ri-
stilt-ill Michael 1.:inipi-rt proposed
a bill compelling the t‘ouiicil to
review the policy of lllllll't'
graduate grading and make i'i-coin
iiicndatioiis by November .1”.
lll7l. 'l'lic sl't'titHl part of the bill
stated that if no proposal for
changi- was to come of the final
Sciiati- action the l‘Al' was to be
restrained front granting .iiiy
exemptions to the current S-t'
system for the spring si-iiicstci'
“\villioul .i specific plan .ipproicil
in advance by the Senate” .\n
.iinciidiiicnt to delete the second
part was passed.

Dean Morris has submitted
draft to the (‘oiiiiiiitti-i- on 1\t‘-I
(ii-mic Standing proposing .i i'i-so

lulion to change the under
graduate grailing policy to an op
ttonnl All or 51' system. The
proposal i so Calls for the reilcfittt
tion of grades, the elimination of
the quality poitit and the "es
tillilishniettt of comparable aca-
demic retention standards for 51'
and A-l‘l grading."

According to this draft, grades
slioultl indicati- how well the stu
dciit has managed to nit't'l the
objectives of the Instructor “as
me' stired against Independent sttc
ci-s andtirds' and not measured
by student competition 5 Med iii
the proposal is the belief tlial all
students who wish to do so should
be able to submit such records

Dean Morris finds the "eVIdi-ncc
that some students may be
harmed academically aiitl profes-
sionally" too strong to be ignored.
llc will not back down on the
students' right to petition for
these grades itiid says that if "a
UtiIVcrsity or society tries to deity
that right they are headed for
serious trouble" Because there
are “ii finite number of reasons"
for which to grant cxr-mptions, he
believes it is possible to categorize
them to develop a new policy

  

:r

 

 

Edward H. Sargent, Education

Dr. Sargent said that he was very enthusiastic at
first about the idea because he doesn't feel that
students should be placed in a category; that more
criteria than grades was needed to judge a student.
Personally, he feels he is best able to grade students
when he is in closer contact with them (a relation-
ship that is hard to establish at such a large
university). Under the new system he is able to be
freer in his teaching methods. He no longer has to
giVe quizzes to justify a grade and he can concern
himself more with the overall ideas, rather than the
picky details that distinguish “A” work. Although
happier under pass/fail, he still has his reservations
He is finding students who feel they can do little or
nothing, btit says that no matter what the condi-
tions “there are always students who try to beat the
system."

., Wa—

Thompson Littlefield, Englis

 

“'l'hc iiiaiii advantage to 8-11 has not yet been
rcali/.cd " lll' is in favor of H U and feels that one of
its chief advantages has been rcali/.c(l' “We are no
longer concerned Willi the fine discrimination of
iiiarkitig." in addition, he does not feel llial the
work of students has changed.

 

Norman Goldman Psychology

Dr. (ioldmtiti is strongly opposed to the 511

system. Because he likes to make some differ
enliation for students who care enough to work
hard he facts "frustrated when a student has done
an excellent job and 1 can‘t indicate it on the
transcript." Some students study oiin to gel ii “l‘”
he finds, iitid because it is difficult to tell where " "‘
ends and "U" begins students can citsin he failed. If
put to a vote he thinks the faculty would vote Sit
down. He feels that under an A-li system the facultv
would be nicer than most students think -

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 197'.

Professors Speak Out
11 S-U Grading

Interviews by Carole Gaelick, Valerie Mercy. and
Tenia Rakita.

Photos by photo service

 

Douglos Alexander, Romance Languages

Dr Alexander's initial I'i'nt‘lllill to 8/11 grading was
positive, liiit since its lllt'i'lilliill his attitude has
changed somewhat. “if St was instituted lo
eliminate competition. this  ln-ing tlttrtltlllstit" the
World is competitive llowr-vi-r itS/U gets rid of the
‘llic clcriittl search for Lil'iltll",‘ if it allows the
student to lake other courses. then it is good."
Alexander. in polling his classes, found that the
students were cvciily tlI\'|tll'tl when asked which
grading system they preferred Alexander himself
'avoi's an optional system. "it should be possible for
students whose fllllll‘t' plans will be affected to
petition for lcltci' grades 11 should not be compulr
sory to receive H/tl grades ' ltul he finds that the
faculty is split on the issue in: large percentage for
or against.

Alexander spoke of studies made at various
iiiiin-rsilies John lll)l)l\|lt\. llarptir, Lchigh“ in
which reactions to the lllll'\lll)ll iil'S/U grading were
also mixed, About Fi‘l of nominal and law schools
are strongly iii favor of S l. and then there are

increasing reactions against ll they generally advise
a student to take as mam ll‘lll‘r graded courses as
possible.

"While it is ll'llt' that giadrs have produced bad
effects oii some students. End Dr. Alexander,“lhc
8/“ system iiiiisi not he llst'tl .i~ .i cop-out."

Alfred Finkelstein, Chemistry

Dr 1-‘inkli-sli-in's t'i'.ti'lliilts in 8/11 grading wan.
imxt-(l Whilt» he supported \iltliin a large fronte-
wot'k of change, the |l||tlltlli'.lll||1l of AE grading “g
suggi-sti d in llll' report "Ni-ii l'dlt‘lllh‘ iii Undergrad
llllll‘ Education," lie lt't'lV that now new students
need A l". grades to ordci In a“ 1“ llriidttate, law, or
mum-“i whoop llr- ll't‘l\ that students that haVc
definiti- goals want grades When asked for his
opinion on this year‘s gr-mlmil lif exemptions, he
stated, “My original opinion “.15 that ifexumptions
are allowed, this ilet'i-als llli' 1””1’059. However, in
the present structure, I do Ilttl beli ve that the
purpose of S/ll Will l)t' ti‘.it'l|t‘ll, since it is iiol
accompanied by a large ll.tllli'\\‘0l‘k of change."

l'Vlllkll" lent bases liis grades iill numerical scores, as
be (lit lit-t'ort- 8/11, illlll hi-Iicves that the same
proportion of students rci'i'IH‘ “"llnll ErlldC-‘i Ilh (lid
before. But he hill)Ws one tuculty member who
“tried to handle exams in ‘lll(’Wlntt students to
develop competency in i'i'l‘taiu Arena in which they
had an interest. They were We" tested on these
certain areas. The test llti‘H Iitillcatcd their level of

cotiipetcttcy "

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1971

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

     

. I A!" . . i i . ‘ .
Donold Wilken, Mathematics

Dr, Wilkeii sees the “defacto optional grading
system" that was dismissed in the University 'Sen-
it“? as the worst of both .ystems because a teacher is
unable to change the structure of the course. He
says that “one of the reasons S-U hasn't worked
Very well is that most teachers havvn‘t made the
effort to restructure courses to take advantage of
the new method of grading," While those opposed
to S-U said they have made no attempt to utilize the
grading, the teachers who have taken this opportu'
nity to change their courses think very well of the
new svslcm.

Because he feels strongly that students are in
school not to get ‘grades. bill to learn at their own
rate he wants to sue the new system given a fair
chance. He feels that because sludcnls and faculty
are traditionally conservative they are reluctant to
make iiiiiovatiVe changes iii education and when
they do they don‘t give them a chance. There is
external pressure from the more coiisei iVe medi~
cal schools atid he believes the UlilVl. . ty is suc-
cumbing to it without really trying otil the new
system.

 

 

 

   
   

Maurice Richter, SOCIology

“Ii'uiidaiiientally, it (8-11) 1.\ .i had principal D'r.
Richter believes llicrt- has been a eltaiigc iii sludents'
altitudes toward their work. Students are less
worried about receiving “A” grades, although some
students are concerned about acceptance of their
credits by other schools. “Home careers are seriously
harmed." llt' stated. For large ('1' s, Dr. Richter
believes 8-11 is very practical littt feels A-E'grading
can work wttli small classes. ile noted that profes-
sors differ In their applications of S-U; some
teachers pass students with “1)” work while others

   

do not.

“is;
William Rowley, English

Student's work has not changed quantitatively,
liut qualitatively their work is more creative. He is
not aware of how different professors apply S-U and
could not say whether S-U hurts students if they
transfer or try to go to graduate school.

 

PAGE 9

Should Slddenls
Grade Teachers ?

by Curt Burden
An Asp Feature

Did you ever have a teacher who
you thought deserved an "F" be-
cause of his atrocious teaching?
Or maybe you had a tremen-
dously inspiring, conscientious
one who you believed deserved an
“A” for his efforts. Perhaps in the
near future you will have the
opportunity to rate your in-
Istructors.

Last year two articles appeared
in different. issues of the Tower
Tribune concerning the student
evaluation of teachers. One of
them, by Morris Finder, a profes-
sor of education at SUNYA, nt-
tackcd the emphasis of student
participation in the rating of fa-
culty members. The other article,
by David Jenks, SUNYA Director
of Alumni Affairs, rebutted
Finder‘s article and strongly de-
fended stich an experiment.

In his column, Finder attacked
the notion that students are capa-
blc of evaluating their teachers
objectively, According to him,
good teaching can be evaluated on
the basis of the following three
criteria: first, if the learning
sought was worth seeking; second,
the extent to which the desired
learning was acquired; and third,
the conditions under which the
teacher had to work. He reeog‘
iii/.cd some merits in eliciting stu-
dent "opinions" biil on the whole
dismissed them as a subordinate
parl of the total evaluation prir
l‘l‘SS.

In a recent interview, l“il\(lt‘t‘
said that he believed tlial a valid
syslcni is possible, but lliat sltt~
dents Would still only play a part
to 1l llc fears llial students wotild
get carried away and turn it into a
mere opinion shccl rather than an
accurate evaluation of good teach-
ing. llowevr-r, he was optimistic
that tllc quality of teaching could
be improved with valid methods,
those being prinicpally faculty I‘l"
ports.

Mr. ilcnks wrote a counter-
stali-tiiciit it) Finder's. opinion
and granted this reporter a
lengthy and very helpful inter-
view. lii his article, he attacked
Finder's implication that “slur
tleiils' evaluation of the teaching
llicy encounter is invalid, is based
on unreliable opinion, does not
consider the amount of learning
that has lakch place, and generally
'fails as a lcgitiiiiati- procedure of
evaluation.m According to .li-iiks,
research has been done tlial would
indicate that “student evaluations
of teaching are reliable. informed,
valid, and in agreement with llll'
judgments of the faculty them-
selves." He commented that stu-
dents itiid faculty rate teaching
tihility atid performance coir
sistcntly and use basically the
same criteria.

Not only has research substan-
tiated this, but the logic of the
situation itself supports this plan.
Jenks commented on the practical
applications of student evaluation
and how they would affect the
teacher and his classroom p ir-
miince, First, if teaching will con-
tiiiue to be the exception itnd will
remain less important than other
professional demands.

While some argue that students
are not as qualified as teacliers'
professional peers, ileiiks pointed
ottt that the teacher-student re-
lationship is quite unique. Other
professionals, such as doctors.
lawyers, and stockbrokers serve a
clientele who are probably even
less qualified to judge their profes-
sional coiiipeleiicc, yet they can
pick and choose with whom they
will do business. A student has

neither choice nor voice in his
case. But Jenks does welcome the
participation of department heads
and other faculty members in this
evaluation.

A point he made quite em-
phatically was his desire to see the
teacher evaluation system geared
to alter the present system of
evaluation and reward. Right now
the system benefits those who
excel in research, publication, the
earning of advanced degrees, and
other professional activities. Good
teaching for improvement in the
teaching of teachers on both the
graduate and undergraduate levels.
Teachers are usually hired and
promoted on the basis of scholar-
ship while other important quali-
ties are overlooked.

There are many who question
what the student evaluation of
teachers would do to the at-
mosphere of learning. Some claim
that teachers would be tempted to
lower their academic standards
and might be under pressure to
cater to their students. Jenks rc-
plied that the preservation of aca-
demic freedom is imperative, but
that students are sophisticated
enough not to be fooled. He did
mention that we can't avoid loo—
king critically at the problem.

At Albany State, student evalua-
tion of teachers has been under
scrutiny for some time. In 1968,
President Collins appointed a Task
Force on instruction which re-
commended the initiation of a
program of student evaluation. in
the 1960-70 academic year, a
book was put out by it group of
students called SECT (Student
Evaluation of Courses mid Tea-
chers). The group was indepen-
dent and finally stopped printing
due to it being too much work.
The book Consistcd of teacher and
course evaluations.

in May of last year a report was
made to the SUNYA Student
Senate, approving a set of guide-
lines concerning Promotions and
Hank and Continuing Appoint-
ments. 1t recommended that each
deparln‘ient, at the departmental
level, gather information oii how
students view the teaching of
faculty members in a systematic
and quantitich way. Under this
plan each class would be evaluated
at. the end of each term. Sum-
maries of the reports would be
placed in personnel files and be
made available to the committee,
Later this was changed to give any
interested party access to them.
At present the Mathematics and
English departments are involved
in faculty evaluations by other
faculty members.

As to how he thought the actual
evaluation procedure should be
carried out, Jenks was quick to
show that due to the variety in
the nature of courses, the evalua-
tion proces .‘iould be done ap-
propriately tor l.llL' subject. For
example, a teacher of English
Composition would be evaluated
differently from a chemistry proA
fessor.

On the positive side, the student
could select courses and profes-
sors more discriniinatcly and the
faculty would be under pressure
to better their teaching. On the
negative side, it could turn into a
popularity contest. as some classes
would remain nearly empty.

Obviously, the evaluatioti of tea-
chers by students has its udvun-
tagcs and drawbacks. Depending
on how it is conducted. it could
be either it beneﬁcial or detri-
mental thing. Any responses to
this article would be welcomed.
Comments may be directed to the
ASP office.

 

;

 

 

 

