      
  
   
    

      

_

v » “ﬂaws/gm".

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

 

'cnou, otn MAN. wr'u'
mvnmo YOU IN‘I’O an: U.N.l

'. iiimiiait
vlJBltAllf.

OVIRJOYIDT'

 

’l'll. BET YOU'RE
GRATEFULI'

 Noun: sinner

 

.. o
'l KNOW—YOU‘RE JUST TOO
OVERCOME TO SAY ANYTHING.’

 

 

 

Bonds: Boondoggle?

To the Editor of the ASP.

Your editorial in Tuesday's ASP was written under
a misconception that all monies authorized is
actually spent. Such is the case of the 1967
Transportation Bond Issue. The 1967
Transportation Bond Issue was 1.25 billion for mass
transportation and 1.15 for highways. The actual
amount that was appropriated out of the 1967 bond
issue breaks down as 100% of the highway
construction authorization and only l6% of the
mass transit authorization.

The obvious conclusion is that mass transit will
not be helped by the passage of the 1971 Bond
issue. Only highways will be helped. The
authorization of money for mass transportation still
exists from the 1967 Bond issue.

The bond issue this year is being opposed by a
coalition of commuter groups in the New York
Metropolitan area. The boiitl issue is the biggest
HOAX lliat Gov. Rockefeller has put ovr-r the
poeplc of New York since the South Mall. Don't be
fooled by the fact that 50"? of the bond  is for
mass transportation. YOU can liclp Mass 'l‘i'aiis'it by
voting against the 'l‘ransportalion Bond Issue.

 

Sincerely yours.
Mark l'laat
.\l:ii'tin Solomon
l’Yl'} l‘lnb

tI‘fiIi/or's nuli' 'I'Iii'ri' has also fun-ii (ll'fllltl on f/llS
niutli-r Iiiilciiig passage of [he Hood Issui' ll'llfl lfli‘
Illﬂl’lfl'llilllii' of the thirty ('t'lll [are on “11' New
Yorl.‘ l'ilx lransil \'_\’.s‘fl'"l. This is t'lfflt'l' another
reason to i‘rtft‘ [or the issiic or iiiiollii'r lo l'itli‘
against tl depending. in Ihis- rust; on (alto/hm or nol
you ftt'llt’l 1' liond money slioiild tn- iiscil to maintain
rnass lronsit facilities. The Ilond Issue liiis lH't'Il
endorsed Irv Jolin Liiisduy (probably ln-ciiusc of Ilic
NYC subit'uys dcul) told scorned h) lflt’ association
of architects of Nciu Yorh because [I promotes
further liigliiiiuy construction ()tisi'riii-rs are calling
the l'ttll‘ “loo closc to cull." ttlflli'll is all lflt’ more
reason [or people to get out and rate, no ltltlfft’l'
which a’tdt‘ you support.)

Potholed

Dear Editor:

Until October S). l was a typical (‘olonial Quad
cur-owner. unhappy with the conditions in our
parking lot. but attempting to adapt to them.
However, my patience has been sorely tried. ()n the
evening of Saturday. October 5). while attempting
the return from the lot to the quad, Hit-unevenness
of the local terrain got the better of me. After the
expense and trouble of x-rays and infirmary visits, 1
was relievud to find that the damage is merely a
badly sprained ankle. hi this how I am to be
rewarded for using our parking lot?

Admittedly, the grade of the aVcruge pothole has
improved since last year, but with the extremely
poor lighting conditions one itl unable to see any
potential hazards. (it is this same lighting syiitem
that encourages vandalism.)

l know that the “ultimate plan" for this university
does not include a permanent lot on the site of our
present poor excuse. However. if funds can be
found to create a new Viiiitora' parking lot. why
can't funds be found to improve paving and lighting
in the Colonial Quad mud holo'.’

communications

 

At the moment, i am not at all motivated to use
our lot and may very well join individuals who park
on the quad. They seem to have the right idea.

Sincerely,
Another resident in Paine
(so to speak)

Hellman hassle

To the Editor:

I would like to commend the Hellman Theatre
organization on their new policy of granting
students a reduction on their admission price. in
reality however, their advertisement in the ASP goes
beyond the words “Just present your student ID.
and Theatre l.D. cards, and you get in for 81."

Last Tuesday night. I went to the Hellman Theatre
on Washington Avenue. in the Lobby there Were
about eight people. all State students. It seems that
one of the llcllman's "rules" is that a studeiii can
get a Theatre l.D. the first time he goes to the
movics. but he cannot use it that same night fits
was xplaineil to us by the manager of the lllt'.i'i."e

Since there were seyeral other students trvmc 't
get their 'l‘heulre l.l),'s to use another night. 'liv
manager changed the “rule.” Now. he said lhal om»
has to buy .i full price ticket before he can L'I’l I'm
'l'lit-alri- l.l).

When 1 \Venl back in spi-ak lo the manager .iuaoi
he changed the "rule" a third lime. llc l‘Xlllillllt'll
that if .i studenl had held on to last year's 'l‘lit-airw
l l). (the yellow one. now they are blue) lii- t'itlllil
iusl l‘kl‘llllllﬂi' il for the llt'\\'(1l]l‘, and be able In “is:-
H iiniiietliiitcly. Unfortunately however. most oI int-
oiln-r students who had been llli'l'l‘ and still had l..\i

 

_\vai‘\ i'aril li.itl ulrcnth left

If the llcllnian 'l'heiitre \\'.inls .i stutleiil
lo bu\ his discount I'ill'll. let lhciii come out and no.
:\.\ ll slands not. ll s Illsl

lo ll it.

MI in their .iilu-rlising
another way tor .i liit'nl business to ripoff sonn-

more students.

Henry J K rost ll'll

’Gut Woch’

'l'o llic l‘:(lllt)l'

'l'lie customary parting remark during the week
after Sinicliiit 'l'orali is “(int \Vocli," it Yiddish
expression meaning "Good Week " Friends
substituti- “good bye" with “(lul \Vocli" to wish
their close companions happy days after the jli_\lllls
holiday. Unfortunately. our brothers and sisters in
the Soviet Union won't be able to use this
expression with tiny hope of its fulfillment The
Soviet police are stepping up activities to crush the
Jewish spirit insidi- llussiii todiiy. ll's becoming
increasingly difficult to remain religious in the
communist country. For many Jews, the admltlanci-
of their devotion to Judaism has ended in prison
terms, forced labor, and even death. The Sovml
government hits made no effort to stop their
activities - if anything, they've stepped them up
One liiilocauat ti century is enough. Wliiit will be
done to stop this one from spreiidlng'tiWe hope that
during this week of enjoyment, the plight of the
oppressed Jews in llusaia will not be forgotten. it's
time for prejudiced feelings to be wiped off the face
of the world.

(hit Woch,
The Student Coalition
for Soviet Jewry

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1971

orial comment

 

Library In Crisis

Any university is only as good as its library. and
Albany State’s library is treated at times like My
impoverished stcpchild. The crippling lack of funds
everywhere contributes to the problem: money. it
Would appear. is not forthcoming.

Let us not. however. allow financial troubles to
mask some basic Library issues. It‘s been said many
times. and it seems no on" listens. that thcivery is the
Library‘s worst problem. The l‘)(i‘) [fiii‘yrlopt't/iii
sluicriciinii. for example is missing a third of its
Jltodd volumes. Part of this is undoubtedly Illt'iVL'l y.
part of it negligence: an encyclopedia \iolunic is .1
large object and one wonders how it got past the
supposedly vigilant people at the front door. Stealing
from the Library hurts other students. lltit the
Library or the University as an institution.

Administration of the Library is another problem.
Faced with budget cuts and personnel shortages. the
Library, it would seem. simple gave Lip. If every other
department did this, we‘d have no university left. A
poor stepchild is one thing; it spoiled one is quite
another. -

In a recent column in thc Grtltllltlfl' .\lcuixlct/cr. vllln
Wcissman of the Library Council of the University
Senate stated:

"the prospects for rat,ionsii'i'nt'xx to
the iixscrli'on ofonr rig/II Io an orderly.
efficient. illlll usable Library are no!
brie/it. ltllft'SS lt't' i‘iiii llllfli‘ iIHll inolo'lin'
.x'npporl [or lIt‘Il' polit‘it'x‘ iIIIll i'ii/olir
man! of pi't's‘i'nt policies. "

Mr. \Veissiiian \\'c1lt on to c\pl.iin llti\\ tt-iiain
.itliiiinistiative ol'l'iiials are using then llllsllllill‘» li-
prmcnt l.1briii‘_\ reform. ll'i- l1l‘lli l't'. il\ l]! lll [mm at
lllH‘. Illa! [llt' liloiiiv ix‘ illl l‘\\ill/fill [not of
illlll't'lillV, tllllf no one I'l‘l\|‘ll \flilllflf lll’ ill/i’lliif I

l.i

l
l'\l ll lVl' illl\i)flllt' lilllllil/ ill'i'l II .'\lltl \\i' brunt W i'

the l.lhi‘.ii’\ (‘otiiitil \lllilllll look llllII ilit- lll‘l Il‘.

.lllll see what i.||l bi- Llillll' .ibooi i|n> imitlmitl

pint lites .lllil (not allow pi-i l‘t'lll.lli‘ll llll'll'

 

 

Albany Student Hm,- 

loin clingan
t't/fliW'fll't'llfd/I
advertising Iniilii/ei'r
news editor _ _ _
, . . |ell lHtlgl‘H
tin/wool uili'i-r/iulig oii/niiet'i
.linda nail!

. . . . .vicki Leldiii
a.\'.\'ot'ftllt‘ ttt‘ll'.\' editor
~ - "lulu" urinal!“ fi‘t'flllll'll/l’tllllll‘l
jt'ulurt'i t'dl'lors mt- wligsini
. iolni fairliall warren “ishart
. . dcbbie natansohii

ttrlx i‘tlllor

liiiunexi‘ Ina/nicer

. . . pliil inark
iIt/i'i'rlixing [ll'llilllt .fl in
.toiii rhotles

. sieve aiiiiiioff

sports editor .
. robcrt Larcniba 3"” “mum”
iixxn'luut i'porti' L‘Llllitr (lu’\""/MI

dehliie kacincii
alini d. abbey

l'ln'llltlllitll Illilltugi’n
.llllll’h lucolski

roii wood

tip copy

. . . . robert inayer

photo editor
. . . . rich alvcriion

griijjiti
.siic pallzn

The Albany Student Press I: located in Campus Center 426 ol the SIM"
University 0' New York at Albany, MOO Washington Avenue. Albany, New '
York 12203. Our telephone number is 4572190. and we are loaded lW
Mandatory Studnnt Tax. The ASP was launder! in 1916 by "‘0 cm“ 0' 'm
This "OMDIDI' is a member at the College Press Service and the Associated
Prm Price tor subscription: is man doll-rs pt" academic year.

Communication: m prlnted as soon as space allows and are intermiillv
llmitod to 300 words. Editorial policy at the ASP Is determined M ‘l“'
Editor-incitch

 

  

 

 

 

1

OCTOBER 26, 1971

EBBIE THE EEP

I DON’T KNOW WHY You (oLtEGE
STUDENTS Ate ALWAYS ' ' ‘35
‘ TRYING TO FlND FAULT
W'TH AMEilcn. THEREfr

    

(iii

 
    

5660 YOU‘RE INFRINGING -

A L07 RIGHT WITH on MY ma 1 1r km
it re I 5 Y0“ "RY r
AMRca, ,Iyléﬁug’ "5.?ng i ) REELECTING yi’ioi/
I‘M Tim NSTINESS
PERSDNIFIED,

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

PAGE 5

 

@remlin {image Gene lllater

 

 

   

     

 

 

OUR BEAUTIFUL LAND, SKY AND
SPARKLING atUE WATERS! :-

,./

   

 

E.O.P. Student Association

To the Editor:

For the information of the interested, E.O.P.S.A.
is iiol a separate organization, and events are open
to the University community. We are a club like any
other on campus. Note that the amount that we
(E.O.P. students) put in S.A. is greater than the
amount received. As for whites being intcgl‘nled
with nonwhites, the sense of insecurity seems greal;
or possibly integration is needed for lighter control‘.’
Now il happens that I'm in agreement with ‘uov,
Wallace's scparutc University theory. ’l‘lie name of
the game if "Know who you enemy is." Did it ever
occur to you that some Blacks may not want to
integrate, to be bussed, or whatever you seem to
how lll mind for us? it seems to he implicit in your
article that you know what‘s good for us. By the
way, [here are no “Black racists" on SA. governing
board. As for the racial composition of [‘Z.().P., it's
an excellent project for you, l'm sure you'll be
surprised.

In looking at the skiing club. Quakers nonviolent
peat-e nioVemt-nl. etc. its ludicrous when viewed in
llll' conlexl of cultural relevance.

Most of us. I'm sure. are not. here to integrate, but
supposedly lo reccch an “education” if possible,
Yet looking at the “inlclleclual” atmosphere in this
Ll‘tillll of academic excellence at SUNYA, l'in
beginning lo wonder if one gets sona- precarious
psychological gratification through Verbal iinislurba
lion or logoi'lii-a i.e. bigot, racist. liilwrnl north.
\vliilt- bleeding lit-arts. etc. In fuluri- endeavors ol'
:iilycrsi- propaganda distribution. a more sopliislicnl
ed and concerted effort is needed on your piirl.
Nolii-i- llil' lack of ncgiilive descriptive li-i'ininology
concerning my reply.

.lei'i'y Ia-i-

Rodicol Collectivity

'I'o llie l'i(llltil',

.'\l| editorial in the ASl’ of a few issues liacli tallied
about "i'olleclivily" ninl the responsibility of llie
public loi' official atrocities committed "in our
naini-s " 'l‘lic danger in the editorial is the distortion
oi .i uoiil. the concept of colli-clivny, much like the
distorted use of the concepts ol l'oinniunisni.
Socialism. patriiilisni. and Fascism.

(‘olli-clires have become the lile sl\lt- of llll'
people in the new lefl. it means that the members

(rink. lwnilctl  "(no/its
or\ \i,‘( $01» This TOMA)

 

 

  
    
     

  

SURELY £er vou m SEE
SOMETHING RIGHT wiru
AMER/(A!

  
  

Yrs, can; To THINK

 

 

of the collective group relate to the needs of me
group its a whole and of other individuals in the
collective, abovo their personal needs. Collectivity
means mass responsibility, or individuality
enmeshed with a social consciousness. Lack of such
a collective mentality is the system of competition
that teaches “me first" and flick everyone else. This
is the ethic that breeds capitalism, racism and sexual
chauvinism. as well as the genocidal policies of our
government like the invasion of Viet Nam and the
murders at Alticu.

'l‘he businessmen who run this country. atid much
of the world, understand the importance of “divide
and conquer." They know tlial their control of
people is determined by the selfishness of indi
viduals and the atomization of people's lives.
(Iollectivity. in such elite-run countries as the US
and Russia, will build the unity and organization
necessary to lake the power away from the fat cats
and put it in the hands of ALL the people. Only
then will we be able to control our own lives
without oppressing other groups and other
individuals.

All Power to the Uollt-ctchs!
Josh Seneca

communi—

cations

 

Mondotory Grad Tox

'l‘o all (il'ail Students.

We Will soon be faced willl a decision on whether
to vote for a mandatory fee ($fi.l)ll/scinesler) or a
voluntary fee ($fi,lll|/sciiiesli-r) for the support of
the (iratlunlc Student Association. Why should I
vote mandatory when 1 can vote voluntary and iiol
pay anything" Who needs a protective voice to
guard my interesls‘.’So wlinl if they eliminate my

friends' graduate pi'ogi‘iitii'fl‘he liell Willi the other

 

 

 

BUT

QIJ?‘ t”. Wan-i

lleYOlZ, WE ARE; lNVOLVED IN
MUNlClPAL 60ClO~ECOMOMlC DEVELOPMEM‘I'
WHY, WE’RE PLANNING TO WlPE OUT an
ENTIRE NEIGHBORHOOD OF UGLY OLD
v' HOMES NEAR CAMPUS TO MAKE ROOM
FOR A ORE-AT BIG BEAUTIFUL BRAND new

     

*5)“. 

PARKlNGI LOT .'

 

guy. If they fool with my program then 1'” support
the GSA 'cause 1'” need them. But for now the hell
with them.

The GSA will fold if I don't vote mandatory.
Good! We really don't need a voice. We have no
respect, why try to gain some? It will just be
temporary for me because I leave here in June. To
hell with you first year grads, and to hell with the
future of grad programs here at SUNYA. As long as
l get my degree you can all suck air. Vote Voluntary
so I can save $5.00. If you vote mandatory you'll
force me to pay my five bucks and support GSA sc
they can protect YOU.

A Smart Grad

FSA Overpriced

Dear ASP:

Wliv can the “Ptomane Palace" (the CC
Cafeteria/Snackbar) charge $.05 more for a
hamburger and frankfurtcr than any other place in
lhe Capitol District? The l".S.A. is supposed to be a
non-profit organization. Why can places like
McDonalds and Burger King (whose food is better
than the SUNYA slop) charge less and still make
money, while Food Service charges more and is
allegedly non-profit?

It seems to me that commuters, residents and
faculty are being taken for the proverbial ride here.
l".S.A. has a virtual captive clientel. To go out to cut
takes too much time. and thanks to El). Stone's
sadism, even gelling to your car is inconvenient.
One has no choice but to eat. lousy, cold hamburgers
which cost $.43 (Some places in Albany ubsord the
7'1 lax and still make money).

According to govcriimenl statistics. wholesale
food prices have dropped this month. Burger King.
as well as other "outside" food organizations have
dropped their prices because of this. Is the
mismanagement at Food Service so great that they
cannot also drop their prices?

liven if Food Service drops their prices in relation
lo lhe drop in wholesale prices, however. they will
still be overpriced in respect to the rest of the
capital district. I think that the university
comiiiunily deserves a bit more from their
"N()N-l’li()l"l’l"‘ l"iio(l service than they are getting.

Sincerely yours,
Marshall 'l‘oplansky
Commuting Student

 

/

,-

 

/_"\/‘ \ V ‘

 

.“ if ‘

