i
l
i
i
l

 

 

week to wedli, it would seem that
theater owners are conducting an
experiment to determine what
kind of market they’re catering
to.

Two weeks ago the film fare
consisted primarily of mature au-
dience, sex-geared films such as
How to Succeed with Sex, Ginger.
The Minx, The Female, and even a
few horror thrillers: Let's Scare
Jessica to Death, 1 Drink Your
Blood, and I Eat Your Skin. Last
week the offerings leaned more
towards a general audience. West
Side Story, Plaza Suite, Love
Story, Doctor Zhiuago, Walk-
about, Cactus Flower, and Patton
fell into this category. A glance at
the theater pages this week reveals
a mixed slate of presentations

This observation might bring to
mind some questions concerning
the cinema. Why is it that some
movies which you’d like to see
take off when they’ve just arrived
in town? Why do others that have
been shown for umpteen numbers
of times seem to linger on? What
determines the caliber 0f the
ﬂicks? A closer look behind the
scenes discloses that many factors
are involved. Some local theater
managers rendered a variety of
comments on the whys of what
viewers see.

Mr. Arthur Bowell manager of
the Fox Colonie Theater explain-
ed that'his movie house, part of a
national chain, carried first run
movies as a rule. He pointed out
that the class of these shows was
determined by public response.
Mr. Bowell added that publicity
will always make a film whether it
be excellent or of a very poor
quality. “Many sex films got as far

’ .u' , , TOTA Fl M-M KER. " h C“ - t
38 theyhdld :ilelU-‘it-‘ll-lry "gt-Well BROTHERS AND SISTERS way a dispossessed, goldfish expert. When he wanted to make the I“; woﬁ‘d onAthe SJEje: oyf ...tlllflllll,£.’
5:, mu“ P" "3' 3“ "l “"0” M Arts De urtmem and m sen. screams for water, Ultimately this me cry. he d Lake "19 IMO 1‘ Comer moviemakin , yet “.5, prob"ny llll.Y/)lil('(‘ Hug/ii Hill [It' r‘lii‘i'r/iil,
( gnaw) '5 '1 [100d example or y p y provokes acute embarrassment and ask me to think about what g‘ ‘ I)“, [I “m, n. mm

this. It got a tremendous response
throughout the country.“

Mrs. Betty Turnbell manager of
the Cinema 7 in Latham agrees
that publicity determines how
long a show will stay. Mrs. Turn»
bell claimed that publicity, partic-
ularly word of mouth, helped to

 

that Klute enjoyed runs in several
other area .theaters as an example.

In regard to the type of movies
being produced, once again it
seems that the general public is
largely responsible. For when
there is a major response to a
certain type of film, movie com-
panies rush to make imitations of
the successful product. As Associ-
ated Press drama writer William
Glover put it, "there are countless
numbers of unreleased ‘ Easy Rf
ders' rotting away in the can."

Thus, we can make ourselves felt
on the type of movies we want to
see by not patronizing inferior
quality films. You might be in-
clined to say to yourself , "What
can I do? I'm just one person."
However, if we all take this view,
the effect can be substantial. This
has already been evidenced by the
lnrm grosses of Love Story at the
box office. Here people have
clearly indicated they want a re-
turn to more conventional movies
and less sexual slop. Also, the
major Hollywood film companies
have announced they won‘t be
making any more X movies. at
least not for the present.

Even on a local level here in
Albany, the public mood has in-
fluenced the policies of some of
the theaters. A theater manager
who wished to remain anonymous
claimed poor response in this area
helped to clean out the sex mark«
ets here. The manager of the Tri
City Twin Drive ln, Mr. ftnpp,
firmly stated that his theater will
not Show X-rated movies or as Mr.
Stowell put it, “by comparison
nationwide. Albany is a much
different city." A fiict to which
I'm sure Mr. Goodman will agree.

would like to take this oppor-
tunity to offer a very definite
invitation to the Brothers and
Sisters of this University com-
munity.

We invite you to help us mold
an Arts Department which is re-
presentative of what kids on this

 

 

   
 
   

coco

THE TOTAL FILM-MAKER
(Random House) is a book by and
about Jerry Lewis the movie-
maker, but is most interesting in
the insights it gives into Jerry
Lewis the man. Called from lec-
tures he gave while teaching a film
course at U.S.C. (which certainly
gives one pause) the book is sloppy
and poorly organized, repetitious
and often incoherent; nevertheless
it is a useful look at a little boy
who truly never grew up.

I personally can't abide Lewis.
While I applaud his efforts as a
humanitarian, and not having met
the man I know nothing of his
off-screen personality (although as
with Streisand one can make some
good guesses); nevertheless his

The

ﬁlms I find by and large dreadful:
as funny as the proverbial crutch.
To be sure he has his good mo-
ments—the first half hour of THE
ERRAND BOY is, I think, as
funny as anything ever put on
celluloid—but both his acting and
directing have a depressing air of
familiarity about them, as if we’ve
seen it all before, and done better.
Moreovar, all of the Lewis efforts
I've seen (and I shudder at their
number) seem to degenerate into
ii kind of desperate, ultra‘
hysterical slapstick in which Lewis
begs for a laugh in much the same

rather than prolonged laughter.
Lewis doesn‘t seem to think so,
Only once in his 208 pages does
he come close to admitting that
he has "made some bad comedy:"
and even then he blames it on too
many broad facial expressions (if
only the answer were as simple as

 

 

 

. 1

by Robert Verini
are of the violent opinion that
every film must have the mark of
an “author,” that is, one who is in
total artistic control). French cri-
tics have twice voted Lewis Best
Foreign Director of the Year,
which really says more about
those critics than it does about
Lewis.

What I do want to emphasize is
that one‘s opinion of Jerry Lewis
is not irrelevant to an appreciation
of his book. THE TOTAL FILM-
MAKER, besides presenting many
practical details involved in the
production of a movie (his chap-
ter on financing is particularly
interesting), raises serious, fas-
cinating questions about the men-
tality of those before and behind
the camera, Lewis, of course, in
particular.

The impression of the author
which the book, inadvertently or
not, leaves with the reader is that

Subjective

of a complex, intense, ego-
maniacal individual whose com-
pulsion for learning all there is to
know is at once admirable and
terrifying. Occasionally be dis-
plays ignorance phcnominal for
one who has been in show busi-
ness so long. He says: “Some
directors have wonderful tricks
rind devices for pulling per~
formances. Norman Tuiirog is an

would happen if my little boy was
hit by a truck." Tricks and devices
indeed! Relating part of a scene to
one's own feelings and experi-
ences is one of the fundamental
precepts of acting, as the most
inexperienced performer knows.
Earlier in the book he seems to

    

 
 

0..“

nooks and crannies of sound
stages to pick up knowledge.
(What costly delays this practice
caused is not mentioned), Lewis
works hard at his craft, believes in
it, and honestly feels he has some-
thing to say in his films. This is, l
imagine, the feeling of most direc-
tors; and it is refreshing to hear it
spoken so directly and with such
emotion. In the arts, dedication,
belief, and hard work are ubso~
luter essential. Lewis swears by
all three, so in this respect, at
least, I must admire him.

It would take one far better
versed in psychology than I to
completely fathom Jerry Lewis‘s
self-portrait in his book. I do feel,
however, that he was undoubtedly
born sixty years too late. He and
his art are anachronisms, throwv
backs to the days when a pie in
the face was a novelty and uncon-
trolled slapstick the rage.
Anachronisms, when they are peo-
ple, tend to be rather pathetic;
and patronizing as it may seem I
can't help but feel sad when i

F ilmgoer

think of Lewis' career, seeing how
so much love, care, and just plain
time he puts in to produce films
that most people, it seems, find
generally worthless. For all its
tidbits of information, THE

the last word on Lewis. who may
have told us more about himself
than he ever suspected-or wanted
us to know.

##i“

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1971

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ‘

 

 

 

loveable young male chauvanists Rudolfo, Marcello, Collins and
Schaunard, Americans in Paris post World War I. For those uninitiated
to the joys and frustrations of opera it makes a fine primer; the four
lads drink, wench and rip-off their landlord in true contemporary
style. When the Corsaro version is done well as it was in Lake George
this summer. it is tremendously enjoyable. Unfortunately, the Capital
Artists production was only mediocre. Joan Spain was pathetically
un-vivacious as the grand C. T. Museita. She sang well enough, but she
had all the vibrancy of a dead fish. Schiiunard, as played by David
Aldrich, acted poorly and sang weakly. He just did not come across as
a young World War I veteran. You got the feeling he might have spent
the war as a colonel forced to lairine duty. The chorus, to put it
mildly, was terrible. They were off key and out of phase with
conductor KUri Safﬁr more than ihey were correct. They, [00, were
lifeless.

Now that l have played the venous-spilling criiic. let me mention
some of the good. Theodore Morrill was an excellent Rudolfo,
professional in every way. He even zicicd like he niczini ii. liilccn Bush.
as Mimi was equally as fine. Acts ill and IV, which are mosily Mimi
and Rudolfo, were excellent. Also. SUNYA‘s Joel Acosii of(‘upiiiin
Hood fame. made his dcbul as licnoil, lllt‘ horny landlord. Hocl had
the best baritone Voice in the company, and oiicc ilicy gel away from

by Steve Aminoff

Some truly innovative theatrical techniques were
employed in the Experimental Theatre’s fine pro-
duction of Tennessee Williams' The Purification.

Director W.C. Doscher included a brief note on
what was being done with this play in the program.
He explains,“What you are seeing tonight is the
culmination of six weeks work with the theatre
techniques of Konstantcn Staniscauski and Jerzy
Grotowski."

I found the type of theatre that was used (the
second floor Lab Theatre in the PAC) to be a very
effective instrument. Granted, the room looks more
the “let‘s give the kid 2! break" niliiudc evidcni In Ilic program, hc‘ll “kl' 2| VHCﬂnlr WHrEhOU-W “Hm 1' “10m”! in “‘9
be one oflhcir biggcsi iixscis. traditional sense of the word. But this type of

The Capital Artists should he coinincndcd lill ilicir cl'l'oiix in bring :mliowrmglmin lend “ Clinilmumlll “Bung whiCh um

I ‘ I r i l ‘ I H _ , )0 iiisz no 0 in erms o 'IVlli' 1. 10 au ience ii sense
opera to lllt pmplc. lllLl‘L Is no qllulliiil .iholii ilnil. llic addition ol ii “funny Wm, “H. produclitm L
good orchestra. however. docs not make the company, The produc-

‘ ~ I i found some of thc effects, though, to be poorly
iron was cnlcrtuinmg. leltl llic iwu ioniuniic lL':l(l\ guild cinmgn hm lhought out and somewhat inconsistent. The plot,
for God's sake. gel rid of llllll chorus.

irli'ally, allowed for it break in the intensity in [he
formofsome music and merriment sandwiched into
the confrontation of a man with his lover’s mur—

 

()("l‘illiliR 3‘). W70.
()R,
“HAPPY BIRTHDAY” l\'. ll ) i).

This city mic/ll llil/ be r'lr‘illl.

hm i1 .rurc I.\' unity.
lllt’ very air ix illfl'l' ii-illi violent-v
(llltf would il, [Ii'rliu/ix. .miuirl paranoid
.i'lir)iildl.smrilc {he world will! .l'lft'llt'i’
and speak lIlIU l/lt' l'itlil

l/lL' mlilr-lr/p it] urn/yr n'iml,
rigs/ml my ivuulun'. ./Iillll I'lll/l('\ .
iris/inn my Immi...hill/luv ugulnr/
il lbw/[rig of [m 'I'nixilii: lill/lil'l'

il/ lllli'i’ilil/I_L' jm/im‘ .

ll iiii/ii/rm'u

- ~ . . I - .. . . , . . GONE ITH THE Wl D -G-M . v
make bus or mmb um" play”! edmpus c3" “him to: d tliiitl). What‘s more surprising Is pride himself on his ignorance (he [selznicyy Still the 388:1»:an [I NIH/“T
more well as 80b & cam, A! “4 “l9 nu" mov'e nvnwen“ rum that many 'critics. especially in defensively states that he is going . ' . . .‘i/vm. lv/uu r,
& Alice Kama Sutra and their revrewers, theater and dance re- , . V . _ ‘ W” . . J,» tinnment buy in town, (.WTW has

. I - ‘ I) I w _” I I I h t Europe, dont think so either I to use ii word humanities u “we and “5mm "bout it that ,v,/\ [um/y, “H,”
current h”! The summer of 4“ V'e‘l'vui‘f L "f p yuu ILEISW‘" refer of course to the auteur wrong deliberately, “no matter fe‘w 'ﬁfmg bff)‘rL m .n L h VL /, ,1 /

u ‘ ~ n '  . ,, . ‘ ' .‘ H r , I». -....n
ML Gef’rge Stowe” mining” or m 00 or'ltve’uu M” I "x w") school of Criticism. (For those wliiit the word purists say, when 0 uunvd Deg he ‘hreJIdiL Ct“ ‘ u i I  
the Mud'son Them” and “mi " WEI“ w   L It unfamiliar, I will discuss the an- it Would be just as easy to find n “Tm 'v‘livv ‘pscrim H‘ Te m: ll“ ill/Wt" ,.
bl“ response if) " Immcull" l'lm b [lymi‘w‘HEmWR wm‘ill. 0" 3‘ Up tour critics in it later article; for synonym) and their displays in m mi; mm." ' ’"vzl'lfr‘s:  /\ i/w. l'l‘ 'u i wu '- -. .l « " E
helps to explain why some films 3’ it ~ '“ “mm "n" the moment let me say tlint llu-y kind of reverse snobbism: “l‘m y .‘ I I" I l.) ('mh' H i 'irl"lil H." “u lii n I‘I'Ii " ~\ 
“Mung (in my run“) to Hm.“ wh movre has great cohesion, and the ‘- =
A ' h H progression of llll' characters is "‘“l I ‘1’” r’" "’ " ' “’"l “

 

Attention Fraternities

around the corner from campus

 

  

(below Fuller Road)

 
   

    
  

N EW Y0 R K CITY
Stay at ilil world-lsmaui
Halal Noormli lor run

A DAY SINGLl'
$15.00 Doubli-
s 300 1m 3m
[MfSilll Ill HM)!"

Thanksgiving Day Rmrvc now in!
an "citing holiday In New York
Gei mio |i on lllu East Side.
lllt' burl localion m the ciiy
You’re with"! walking distance
of famous shops, boutiques,
popular East Side pubs, the
U N, iliu Mam Library, Mus
sums and Ihosa gieai liiilu res
quranls from every couiiirv
In the world.

probably don't have the mentality
to understand wlint llll' hell A
MAN FOR ALL SEASONS is all

how, when lit' was merely acting,
lie (‘Ulllll Iii-Vi-r be found for
shoniing, always looking through

logical, light, iiiiii liuliuveuluc.
Vivr-Ii Leigh's accomplished per
fili‘lniilli‘l' as Scnrlr-lt is a triumph,

for the full-length porlrnii ovr-r
llll‘ ninnli-l iii Illii-il and Scarlett 's
mansion In Part Two

 

PRODUCE

CLASSIFIED ADS

ll you have something to show, icll, or sell
in the Classified Section ol ihc Albany Slutlcni Press.

-i

RESULTS

‘il(th‘lllst‘ ii

 

 

by ( :llll\i>

      
    

derer. This break featured folks going into the
audience with offerings of ladies filled with water.
The mood was supposed to be one of relief, and the
kids who brought you water looked friendly. But
the lighting was kept at the same dimly-lit level, and
the violin player was playing sounds which were not
any more happy than the mood of just a few
minutes before. A little more consistency of mood
might have done to make things seem more
"together."

The performances were good. Robert Chanin
knew exactly when to turn the energy on and off.
His ability to be restrained yet definitive in his
emotions provided a sense of “believnbility” which
is so important. Even during the vivacious oratorios
of Alan Herman‘s portrayal of Rossania, I found my
attention drawn to Bob. Alan's acting was alive. and
worked. I just wish he'd learn how to "die" ii little
better.

All in all, Experimental theatre is a nice thing to
do on weekends. l have ii feeling a lot of people will
start getting into it on a regular basis. I hope so,
anyway. Some really fine things can happen there.

 

 

about." NB. If any reader could as is (humps swuuuurmu mm“; but rt. nu.-.—
  & D . "l" “limo “I” will” mi” mm wil" ilim'l UVL'I'lUUk the work of Olivia I
\ 1|“ illllllll.il’ll‘lls“ “‘1 "‘0 k"”“’- I H (Il'IlilVlllilllfl, llilllll' MCDHHIUI, and : e  o l
)0 Silllllll'L 'I'lHHn‘L‘G Mllt‘llt'll ' v - r
HIGH HOTEL ‘ r , among man) I
9 _  Hill as I say, l.vw1sdovslinvvn “Hm-(- .m “f whmn .m. .-. '
. ‘ I ., . . pii
    3 RATES IN compulsion to learn. llv meninms 1pm,," 0m. "(Med delight: wan.“ :

 

this purpose. Anyone within the
feel free to make suggestions.

Monday, November I 5

lO—2 3—7

has been invited to recommend speakers for
this year’s Commencement ceremony.

Suggestion boxes will be set up at the Campus Center Information
Desk, and in the Library Entrance from November 15th~23rd for

The ballot form below is provided for your convenience.

University community should

 

Tuesday, November 16

  
    

a“

a
«.A

i - - . i v , ‘ /
; r. -  _ . V w. a I I:
.3 . . , pREss TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1971 f: c I  . (I,
__-. r w— I, l

I i . . . . . . . . [l u   // SAW/rpm mesr SERIES .

. . 1

Thoughts on Trends . ' . , , . by  — ,

‘ r ‘ ‘ r ‘ r ‘ I v The two nuns in] thelfziont MSW! were rather surprised to find Marcello ENNESSEE WILLIAMS, 

- painting a scantiy ca mo 0 instead of the Red Sea. There‘s no ,

by Mike lace _ doubt about it, La Boheme in the Frank Corsaro version, presented '

nilif‘ii'f Ellineriﬁii'itirfaia’éii; 3.2205115; .mhi'llpli'é‘ﬁ lsiifbti: ‘ ‘ this Weekend by 939"“ Artists Puts these members or the audience ,5

I once the sudden shgift gin the well cited the eight week run of used to more traditional performances In minor shock. The Corsaro .
l subject material prevailing from Klute at the Madison and the fact “mo” updates the Story from 1830 to 1919, and makes those J’

- keg beer instoclr - ’ ) 7/:

/ /
I laojrrxﬂ/
H O T E L

For iamvrnioni call FREE
80052215449 New York Slain
800-22l-2690 All olhsi Siaisr

Madison Avenue ti 45m Suaur
New York N Y 100l7 J

1 1 12 6 Suggested Commencement Speaker
l0,000 people. Classified forms are available at the 9— '
Campus Center Info Desk, Library, and all four Uptown        “
Quads, or by writing: Classified Dcpl., Campus Center H n
334, I400 Washington Ave., Albany, N. Y. l2’203.

Every Tuesday and Friday your ad will circulate to over

Bud - Bal - Piels - Schoeier - Carling

 

tap equipment available

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Attention Sororities

A nsAL‘rv HOTEL

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

