 

 

 

v

asal For Judicial Reform  e

 

 

 

l PAGE 16
S .
l

 took Twice!
ASP lie-Examines History

Stud Service, Anyone?

Earth News

An ancient document uncovered in Belo Hori-
zonte, Brazil. detail the exploits of a Portugese
priest who apparently put the Italian lover Casanova
to shame.

An Associated Press report from Brazil details a
recently discovered document allegedly signed by
King Joao II of Portugal in 1461; that document
was an official death sentence handed down to
Reverend Fernando da Costa, a 62-year-old priest.

Father da Costa was sentenced to death on charges
of fathering 299 children by 59 women, including
his own mother, five of his sisters ., 29 adopted
daughters and three slave women.

Vietnam Revisited
Earth News

When did the United States first intervene militar-
ily in the affairs of Vietnam? Most people would
probably guess during the early l950's' but accord—
ing to historical documents they would be in error
by more than 100 years.

The first military intervention in Vietnam actually
took place in l81l5. At that time, Vietnamese
Emperor Thieu Tri was reportedly persecuting
Catholic missionaries who had begun the evangeliza-
tion of the Vietnamese population. The USS Consti-
tution—obetter known as "Old Iron Sides“ was
cruising in Asian waters at the time and learned that
Vietnamese authorities were about to sentence to
death the French bishop, Dominique Lefebvre, in
the city of Hue.

The captain of the USS Constitution put ashore at
Da Nang, took hostages. and then later secured the
release of Bishop Lefebvre in return for the safety
of the hostages. However. a small massacre occurred
when an American army officer. identified as
Lieutenant Wise. fired on the village, killing and
wounding Vietnamese civilians.

News of the killings was brought to the attention
of President Zachary Taylor two years later; and
that two years after that, President 'l‘aylor wrote a
strong letter of apology to Vietnamese Emperor 'I‘ri.

President Taylor’s letter to the Vietnamese leader
differs strongly from the kind of messages which are
exchanged today between American Presidents and
Vietnamese leaders oVer war crimes. President
Taylor's letter blames the atrocity on members of
the American armed forces, and admits that "the
Captain could not have been in his senses, ifhe did

it

SO,

Dick Nixon on Film
by Carl Nelson
(CPS)

MILLHOUSIL‘ is Emile de Antonio's black comedy
devastation of ltichard Nixon, from his smear
campaign to become a freshman representative
following World War ll (one of the first rumor
campaigns about goVernment officials being “soft
on Communism") to the present time, with exten-
sive rendition of the cold‘war funnies: the Alger
lliss investigation and trial, the "purloined papers in
the pumpkin“ episode that resulted in his convic-
tion in the media, the kitchen debates with
Khrushchev (never let Nixon tell you that he won),
and more. Right-wingers will certainly cry “foul”at
dc Antonio's cutting. which leaves whatever good
there was of Nixon in'thc films newscasts and
documentaries that compose the film on the editing
room floor.

Most students will find the film rcmrnding them
that regardless of Nixoninn rhetoric, he is the most
opportunistic American politician to come down
the pikc since Democratic wheelhorsc Richard
Dali-y and worse, that he is probably rust as
incompetent.

For the same reasons that do Antonio's film In
funny, and sometimes frigbtciiing, it is valuable.
Here in just ovor ltlt) minutes is an encapsulixaiion
of Nixon's political career, including some footage
that has never been seen before, and some that in
not likely to he on file in the local film library (the
Checker's speech has been suppressed). Partially for
this reason, MILL/[HUSH has been enjoying unv
precedentcd popularity for a documentary-like film
in theatres in San Francisco, New York and Wash-
ington.

The film introduces Nixon as his wax imagi- is
lowered into place on the torso at Madame 'l‘ussuuds
In London, and goes from there to Nixon's“|iu;t
press conference" after losing the “’62 California
Gubernatorial race to Pat Brown. The press confer-
ence is used in. a focal point for flashbacks and then
flash forwards. to illustrate what in de Antonio’s
mind ii; the e ntiiil Nixon: br'iiil. trite, obnoxious,

 

opportunistic and dangerous.

 

l‘Hell, Frank. Go Ahead And Shoot Him...He’ll Just Starve To Death This Winter."

Eco-News

Endangered Species

October Etilltt‘lﬁlnll’lllﬂl Defense
Fund Letter

Members will remember that the
US, Department of Interior listed
eight species of great whales as
endangered after an EDF legal
petition requested Interior to do
so. This action made illegal the
importation of whale products in-
to the United States. interior
ruled, hUWcVer, that it would al-
low importation by issuing per-
mits to some importers for a
transition period of up to 12
months.

Kal Kan Foods. lnc., a pet food
company, received one such per-
mit to import 11.5 million pounds
of whale meat. Do you believe the
endangered whales should be turn-
ed into pet food'.‘EDl7' does not,
and urges environmentally- con-
cerned consumers not to purchase
Kal Kan products until that com-
pany gives assuranca that none of

InSliorI

California Cats

It'arl ll Nuiiis

Despite the fact that the Califor-
nia State Assembly voted 28-2 last
Week to stop the killing of moun-
tain lions. and despite the fact
that there are only 700 of those
giant cats left, hunting season on
California mountain lions official-
ly opened Monday, November
15th.

The California Department of
Fish and Game has told hunters
that they will be permitted to kill
up to ﬁt) mountain lions within
the next three and a half months.

The fast-disappearing mountain
lion is still not protected by law
because. the final bill, approved
overwhelmineg by the Assembly

What’s To Eat'.’
l-Iiirtli Ncuis

The monthly magazine “Natural
[food and Farming" reports this
month that the average American
eats so poorly that his dict could
be called a "national disaster.n

Dr. George Briggs of the Univer-
sity of California department of
nutritional sciences says that what
the iiverngi-Amt-i‘ican cats rach
year...“l wouldn't feed to my cat
or dog, let alone livestock or
poultry."

He said the American diet
annually includes per person 102
pounds of sugar, 53 pounds of
fats such as salad oil, 100 pounds
of white flour. 1 l pounds of corn
sugar, st-Vcn pounds of white rice,
7 l pounds of red meat, l8 pounds
of poultry and fish, 11 pounds of
eggs, 3-] pounds of milk, 7 pounds
of cheese, 5 pounds of ice cream,
25 pounds of polalm-s, and ill

its merchandise contains whale last week, has yet to become a pounds of beans, peanuts, and

products. law.

College Lawyers

other legumes.

Fight

For Students Rights

by M. Howard Gelfand

(Cl’Sl As The student-power movement shifts
from the street to the conference room, college and
university students are finding new tools and un
likely allies in the perennial struggle to wrest power
from administrators.

A lll'W bri-cd of young, antics!ablishmi-nl altor
ncys is creating a legal power base from which
students can deal with cvurytlnng from greedy
landlords to college presidents. Some of llll‘ lawyers
cinphasixc protecting the student as a consumer,
One such lawyi-r is Jim Boyle, who has been
dcfcndiug lliichrsity of 'l‘cxas students for two
years. Boyle, whose salary is purl of HIV sturli-nl
government budget. is not allowed to sue llll'
university. so he spends much iif his time helping his
clients cope with insurance salesmen, auto Int't'llzl
nics and landlords.

One of the most radical of llll' new breed. Richard
llowland, counsels University of Ma. sachusclts
sturlans. lie was hired in l96ll when thi- Ullth'rhlly
chancellor a botanist whom llowland calls “rosi-
bud" - irked students by controlling the student
fees budget.

Another sludents' lawyer, ltobcrt AckI-rman, has
been defending young people since he graduated
from the Univursity of Oregon in lillill “(lur clients
became more and more youth oriented in liltih With
the proliferation of dope busts." Ackcrrnan says

His crucible was also a legal fight over student
fees, and hi: helped Oregon students gain control of
how their student fee money iii spent. ’l‘hosie I'm-s
now pay his salary.

llowland claims that students he has counuolml

haVe usually been successful in court. 'l'lic licarilcil.
paunchy lawycr speaks with spct'ial relish when in-
rclates the story of a student who Won ii $200
decision from the university in smallcliiiins court.
The university appealed.

“l said finc." llowland rccalls, “ht-causi- in Masszi
chusctts you can't appeal :i decision in small claims
court."

llowland has hecii iiiVolVi-d in ollicr unUsu il cast-s
There was, for iiislaiicc. llic sludcnt who phoncd .i
bomb threat to the womcii's dorniiloi'y til '1 .i In
The sludcnt was hoping to got a glimpse ol thi-
wumcn as lhe building was evacuated

Boyh- i-npivs telling the one about HIV stiiilciil
who was i scil tittitltl in repairs on .i ltltiil
Volkswagen. Boyle was ready for llic .illcinpti-d
swindle: bc I‘t‘ltlllll‘tl :i incchaiiic who checks out
questionnblc work and fccs of other mechanics, in
this casc, it was dccirlcd Ibiil drastic action was
needed.

“()ur inci'haiiic wont lo gi-t llll' car .iinl said.
“Let's takc it. for a test lll‘lVl‘ before we pay the
hill,"' Boyle says "And then he drove it right
home,"

Just havuig a lawyer around. says llowland. can
completely change the student administration rclii
tionship. “thn the uiichrsity tells a sludenl who
wants sonicthiiig, 'We'll check it out wllll out
attorney.’ and the attltli'lll says ‘li‘iin-, wc'll clicck it
oul With oiirs,’ it really blows their mind. it rcmovus
the tnystiiluc (if the law; you've got your own Witch
doctor."

 

 

 

“were.

This proposal is an outgrowth of the Judicial
Workshop held on February 12—14, 1971. Par-
ticipants in the workshop ranged widely in terms of
representing various segments of the university, as
well as interested individuals within the City of
Albany and other schools within the state.

The aims and purposes of this document adhere
to the basic concept of a community judicial system
in which all memberr ofthe university community
are subject to the regulations established by the
community. The intent of the proposal is to outline
the principles upon which such a ryslem would
function and to re! forth a general structure our of
which {his system could operate.

l. RIGHTS OF COMMUNITY MEMBERS

If the uniVCrsity is to succeed in its pursuit of
truth and dissemination of knowledge in a setting
where the freedom ofinquiry flourishes, the univer-
sity nuisi provide an institutional framework which
encourages debate and freedom of intellectual cn~
deavor Without fear of consequences.

The univc‘isity is in a real sense ii laboratory in
which the pniticmanis faculty. students. and
udiuiuisiiiitois llilllt‘ lll their mutual Search for
llllt‘llt‘t‘llllll growth. This necessarily means experi-
mentation Wllll new and named systems and
theories |I rcquucs the articulation of views at the
frontier of lhollglil which may seem heretical to the
majuniy. and may indeed ucvci gain acceptance.
But these cxpciiincnts. and these Icslings of senti-
lllt‘lll. must not be lC\lllClctl by artificial oi tithll‘
iiiiy iulcs that would be stilling in the iiiiivcrsily
context. no matter how .ippiopiialc the} might be
in another context. in shoii, academic freedom in
the fullest sense ofthc expicssion is indispensihlc to
the csisience of the uuiversuy

l. lv'recdom in the Classroom lireedoiu of dis
cussion and expression of VICWS must be encouraged
and protested. it IS the responsibility of the pro-
fcssor and the student in the classroom and in
conference to insun: the lt‘tlllltlllull not only oflhe
fact but also of the spirit of free inquiry. in
paiticular. every effort must he made by all con
ceincd lo guard against plC|lltllCcLl oi capricious
academic evaluation

2. Freedom of .Itrxocialion. ()igiiiiirations Within
the univeisily may be CSldllllSllL‘ll by lllCtnht‘lS of
the uuivcisny community foi any legal purpose,
whether the lelll\ are ieligious. political. educat-
ional. economic. or social. Association Willi an
L‘XlHl inuiiil oigauilalion shall not iicccssiiiily dis-
qualify the univcisity based branch oi chapici
foiiu universin privileges. Mcmbmslup in all univci-
suy related oiganiuilious shall be open to any
iuciiibCi of die university coiiimuiuly who is Willing
to substiibe to the anus ol the oigaiu/iiiionsand to
inch it\ \lillt'tl obligaluuis ()iganilaiions aic oili-
ciiill) lt't’iiglll/L'tl .irroidiug to guidelinesestablished
by the (iiiidunlc oi llndcigiailuuic Sludcni Associa-
tion. the l‘\ laws of [he llinvcisily Senate. national
oi sl.llt‘\\l\li‘ piolminual nigLiiii/alions. plUVlSlUllN
ol the (‘iVil Sciiit‘c l‘llil‘lil)t‘t‘\ Association. ill the
Senate l’iolcssiiuial Assiuiatiou

lliuvcisily llllt'lL'\l III the t‘\l\lt‘llt‘t‘ and Uli|t‘i’llVL'.\
oi uigaui/anous \Villun ilu- university coiniuuniiy
should focus on Ilie followuig matters
a. .‘l.t.\'0('fllll0lllll Itlc/ilij'i'cali'mi. 'l'lic iiiiivcmty may
not ieoiiiie niciubcislup lists of an) nigiiiii/iilion
but ll may icquiic. .is a condition foi access to
university contiollcd funds oi use of univcisity
ltltlllllCS. Ilic names and .iddicsscs ol olliccrs and/oi
indivuluals Wlllllll the oigiinmilioii who iiic icspon-
siblc liil ii request loi luuds oi liicililics.

I). Use of I'url/i'lici‘. lluivcisiiy facdilics shall be
assigned a\ ilVilllillllL‘ to iiigiiiiiriilious foi reguiai
business nit-clings. social functions. and loi pio
giants open to the public Reasonable conditions
may be iniposcil to regulate the timeliness of
icoucsis, to determine the appropriateness of the
space assigned. nine of use, tllld to insure proper
iuaiiiicnacc of the facilities used

c. Allacalimi of Funds. The authority to allocate
university coniiollcd funds budgeted for use by
recognized organizations should be delegated to a
body in which parllctpation by those requesting the

money is involved. Approval of requests for funds
may be conditional upon submission of budgets to
the body authorized to approve and allocate funds.

d. Use of the University Name. No individual.
group or organization may use the university name
without express authority from the president of the
university, except to identify the university afﬁlia-
tion of the individual. group, or organization.
Approval or disapproval of any policy or position
may not be stated as the position of the university
by any individual, group or organization, except as
authorized by the president of the university.

3. Freedom of publication. All publications pro-
duced by university organizations or ofﬁces (includ-
ing the student press) must be free of censorship.
and its editors and managers must be protected
from arbitrary disciplinary action arising out of
disapproval from any source of editorial policy or
content. Similar freedom must also be assured any
radio stations operated by university organizations
or offices.

4. Freedom to Protest. The right to peaceful
protest within the univcisity community must be
preseived The university, in recognizing its legal
obligation, retains the right to assure the safety of
individuals. the plUlL'L‘llOll of piopcriy. and the
continuation of the educational process. Orderly
pickcling and other foiius of peaceful protest an:
protected :ictivuics on university piciuiscs if there is
no interference wnh ficc passagc through aiciis
where members of the univeisiiy communin have
the right to be.

5. University Governance. Members of the univer-
5in community Illll.\l he fice. indivulually and
collectively to express ilicir Views on issues of
institutional policy and on matters of general
inlciesi to the comuuimty. There must be clciiily
defined lllt‘llllS for participation by all concerned in
[be foiiuuliitioii and application of institutional
policy :ilfccling university affairs

(1. Vflrlllllrln a] Law and Universin Discipline. If ii
ineiubei oi the university communin is charged
with an off campus Violation of law. the matter
should be of no disciplinary concern to the univcr»
suy unless the iiidiVitlual is unable to comply with
the requirements of his particular membership
wuhin the L‘Ulllllllllllly

If the Violation of law occurs on campus and is
also a violation of a published university regulation.
the university may institute its own proceedings
against the offender at tiny time.

7. Privacy Rights. The uuivcisity must protect the
interest of its members In picscivation of the right
of privacy

tl. 'l‘lic univeisny \lltlllltl not regard itself as the
.iibitt‘i oi cnfiucci of the morals of its members
wlicie L'l\'ll oi L'lllltllltll law is nol broken. oi wheie
standards of conduct csliiblishcd by the university
have unl been Violiilcd

b, The iiglii ol pinacy liil \ludciits in the
icsitlcntc balls is .i value which must be piotccted.

1) Nothing ill the lllll\’L‘l.\lly iclaiiouslup oi lt‘.\lil-
cncc li:il| toiitiiitl should give the univcisity the
Million!) In mnscui 10.1 scaich of :isliulciii'siooiu
My polar oi oilici govciiiuicul oflicials Without ll
\\.tll.llll iil \llllt'l sl:ilc,’lcilci;i| legal :iiilhiiiily to do
at

.‘i \VllL‘lt‘ tlic lllll\’t‘l\ll)’ oi its icpicscnlatlvc seeks
.itccss lo .I sliitlciit'x iooin lo tlL‘lL‘lllllllt‘ coiiipliuucc
\Hlll piovisioiis ol applicable law relating to nail-
liplc dwelling unils. the occupanus) should be
notified ol the purpose of said entry in advance
(when lcasiblci Wheie why is sought to make
improvement oi icpiiiis, notices \lioultl be given Ill
advance lll ciueigcncy Circumstances wlicic ini-
nuncnt danger to life. safety. health, oi propeily is
iciisouzihly fcaicd, culiy should be allowed Without
advance notice

c. (‘oufidentiziluy nl Rccoids Respecl must be
accuitlcd the essentially confidential iclaliouslup
between the univcisity and the community member
by plCSClVlllg to the maximum exit-iii possible Ihe
privacy of all iccoids relating to each member.
Controlling prillctplcs foi the use of records in
disciplinary matters the specified in Section VI.

II. University Regulations

University discipline may cover misconduct by ii

community member—student, faculty, or staff—
which adversely affects the university community's
pursuit of its educational objectives, or threatens
the safety of persons and property.

The following actions and/or behavior are ex-
pressly prohibited. Violations may result in ofﬁcial
disciplinary action by the university. Procedures will
be followed as set forth in the following pages,
adapted to the role of the accused within the
community. It is the responsibility ofthc individual
to familiarilc himself/herself with these regulations.

a. vlt)l.i'l1\ll of any civil or criminal law on
university owned or operated property.

b. Dishonesty, such as cheating, engaging in
fraudulent behavior, forgery. alteration or misuse of
university documents, records, or identification; or.
knowineg furnishing false information to the uni-
versuy.

c. Obstruction or disruption of teaching, rewarch,
administration, disciplinary procedures, or other
university activities. including its public service
functions, or of other authorized uc‘llVlIleS on
university premises, to such ii degree that the
activity can no longer reasonably continue.

d. Failure to answer Without icasonablc cause a
summons to appear at a ludlt‘ltll hearing. The
individual who is summoned may refuse to appear.
but lic/shc must answer the sununoiisunlcss reason-
able cause is shown.

c. l’hysical abuse, harassment, oi intimidation of
any person on university owned oi \tlpCerSCd
property oi ai iiuiveisiiy sponsored oi supchiscd
functions. or conduct which threatens oi endangers
the health oi safety of any such person.

f. l'naulhoii/cd cuti) to oi use of unweisny
facilities. piopcii), oi equipment. Ill it-iuovul oi
dcsliuctiou nl such piopcily oi pail their-ohm n1
propein lllltlt‘l univmsiiy iltllllllllalltllltill .llltliur
supeiVisiou.

g. l'hclt and/«u destruction to piiipcrl) ot 1i
incnibci of the uuncisiiy coininuum whilc \llLll
pioperly isou university pit-iuiscs

h. Violation of university policies oi oi iegula—
lions governing the registration of student organira~
lions, events on campus. and use of univeisuy
factlities, as described in this publication,

1. Violations of rules governing residence in um-
vcrsily owned or operated property, as dcsciibeti in
this publication, and in the university housing
l‘ilttClIUlL‘.

| Violation of regulations governing the use of
alcoholic beverages on campus as desciibed Hi this
puhhcalion.

k. Possession. use of distribution of narcotic ni
dangeiuus drugs. except as expressly pciiunlcd by
law.

l. Disoidcily conduct oi lcwd, indecent. oi oh-
sceue conduct or expression on universny owned or
continllcil piopcriy oi ai univcisily sptuisorcd or
regulaicdiictivnics

iu Failure to comply Willi the duct-Imus ot
iinircislly officials acting in tlic [H'llillllltlllt‘t‘ of
then duties (Any univeisily official illlL‘L'lllltl any
university community iueinbei lo ilLl in .ItL'tllfl-lllCC
\Hlll luxwishcsniusi ltlt’lllll)’llllll\i‘llli]1|>lllL'i]llt‘\ll.

n. l-:iiluic to picscnl :i univcisiiy l.l). hurl alien
ictpicslcd to do w by ;i nun/cum Ullltldl (An)
lllll\t‘l\ll_\‘ official icilucstiug identification llillll .iuy
iiiuvcisiiy conuuuiui) lllt‘lllllt‘l lllthl .ll.\ii pit-sent
his,th idciitificaiioii upon icqucstl

o. l-iiiluic lo lioiini illl coiiliucls thlll .llltl tlcbis to
the llll|\L‘lSll) and to those agencies \vilh which the
univcisiiv contracts.

p, Violation of university policies oi nt icgulguions
t .iuloiuobilcs.

gth-iiung the possession oi use \
inoloicyclm. oi ulhci nioioi vehicles on c;iiiipiis.oi
Violation of parking icgulaiions published by ihc
('iiiupus Set-iii ily ()flicc

q. Possession and/or use ol tut-aims oi oilici
weapons oi explosives, such as fut-winks. oi pos-
session and/oi use of dangerous cliciuiculscwcpi as
autlioii/cd foi use in class. oi in connection Wllll
uiiivmsily sponsored icscaicli oi olliei .ippinvctl
activncs (l’iovision has been made in letlt' weapons
in the Secuiity lhuldiug. ’l'hosc .itlliciiug to the
provisions for storage would iiol be in Violiilion of
this regulation).

r. Willfully setting fire to university property or
meetings conﬂagration on university pi operty.

 

