   
    

 

n. \ a .‘~_A/. A... *M"

  

PAGE 8'

by Linda Mule'
Tonight in LC 24 at 8 pin, the

SUNYA‘s Educational Communi-
cations Center. will present a telc- the technique
lecture with Tony SCIlWﬂl'II. a speech. or
sound artist. sations. which was ltscd in some
Schwartz. who has been called the ol‘ the ads
greatest sound artist in the world

talking directly to the students in
the lecture center by a telephone
|iook~up in between his presenta-
[ions of variotts tapes which lie‘:

Tliotigli Schwartz‘s tianic inigltt
not be well-known. his work is
famous all over the world. Ile did
the sound recording for all the
Coca-Cola commercials, the (live-

“Expand Your
Auditory Awareness”

weekly radio program of “Sounds

A-Dainn campaign for the New
Urban Coalition,
commercials.
division of Bruce Brown‘s film. “On Atty
Sunday." In addition. he invented

festival two years ago.
McLuhan. will be Schwartl. started recording the
sounds of life in 1045. specifically
working on the auditory life of
New York City. Ile has since
produced seventeen records on
such subjects as children‘s games
of the streets. music in the streets.
the sounds of his postal /.Ullt‘. taxi
drivers. the itiate musicality of
people, and so on. For twenty-
l‘our years he‘s been doing 2

 

LA.

l
l
l
l
l
l

l

A...A.‘A‘

 

I (Oliver

winner of best picture of year

December l0 8: 11
7:00 & 10: 00 LC-7
£8.75 & 3.25 with state quad card

Irowa EASl CINEMA t

‘A_A_A_.__~

 

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

Of New York“ on W.N.Y.C.

One of his most famous pieces
of work was Project 86, a study of
the auditory environment of a
block-wide band across New York
City and its relation to the people

living there. He found that the
sounds of Roth Street had
changed; there was no longer a
neighborhood as such. Instead,
the city has become a global
village. tlll electric environment
where sound travels directly to
the home and people receive
information electrically. Where
years ago people perceived their
environment, now they receive it
through the media of television.
radio. and so on.

Schwartz has presented tele-
lecttire transmissions like tonight‘s
presentation throughout the
world, and he‘s worked with
Marshall McLuhan at Fordhani on
extending many of McLuhan's
theories of communication.
Tonight‘s presentation will
include some slides, stereophonic
tapes, and sound montages with
counterpoint interviews Come to
LC 24 tonight and expand your
auditory awareness with Tony
Schwartz.

 

Birth Riﬂlt
Effective alternative to abortion.
on-profit,.
non—demoninational
free: no charge
52 Robin Strut Albany
463-2133 766-3169

 

 

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Maximus Comes

To The Capital Area

The EX. Mutt Brewing Company, has lntrodttccd iii the Capital
District a new malt beverage which it calls “Mnximus Supt-r." It is
believed to be the only product of its kind in the beer industry.

The local districutor, Matt Zyck, general manager of the Capital
District Branch, West End Brewing Company, said the new beverage ls
available at Grand Union, Central and Save-Way Markets.

Maximus Super is a beer which has about twice the alcoholic
content of regular beer. The new drink is being introduced to mcct a
modern need.

The most common complaint from beer drinkers is that it fills them
up too quickly. Many people like beer and its pleasant effects hui
don’t want to consume large quantities of liquid.

Matt Brewing Company worried about this and set out to make a
new beverage. In doing so, they created an interesting new tastc,
different from beer, ale, malt liquor and with a character all its own

"It's like beer in a concentrated form," Matt, a thirdvgeneration
executive of the family-owned brewery explained.

More than 1,000 adults of various age groups participated in taste
research of Maximua Super. Smoothneaa was the most noticeable
dimension. and alcoholic content the second moat-noticed dimension.

One can of Maximua Super has nearly the name potency of two cans
of regular beer. Maximus Super has received favorable response in
Central and Northern New York. The brewery 's new product is not a
malt liquor, a product introduced by several brewers in the past few
years. Malt liquor has only slightly more alcohol than regular beer and

has less flavor, Mr. Matt explained.

The brewery, founded in 1888 as the West End Brewing Company,
also produces Utiea Club and Matt's Premium beers.

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1971

by Roberto Di Scipio

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

Media Charged With Discrimination

pulverizc people is incredible. The only the hiin brows read more the biggest. illegal crook in Amer» ‘ vhf-men“)! “lei-9t mid Stigmﬂ'
Itnlo' Fri-rich general sophisticated distortions. Now, icii, he receives little publicity. I'Ic :w-s an entire cthNIC group hurdly

Napoleon Bonaparte said title the Daily News, New York Times doesn't qualify for news since he's dtSUlt'bS anyone

tlt‘WSPttPt't‘ is" it hell!" Wl‘tlplm than and Post and the movie czars of not an Italian crook. Though the NOW When It comes ‘40 I’I’OblemS

a thousand soldiers. While many Hollywoody plus the TV. nint- Rockeflillers‘ (he Kenncdys‘ Car. in Italian communities— such as a
people gripe about the power of works and thc publishing com- negics, etc. would make any al- dt‘itl'lth "IPUVEMY Programs.“ IﬂCk
military aan busines com- panics all have one common lcgcd "Irin/i'oso"look like some of bilingual tilld biculturalcduca-
plexus in this country, most have scapegoat—(lug ancient Sicilian local punk in (he Bronx, yvu can't tionnl programs, the second
failcd to combat the inct'casuig llonorcd Society or more com- curse them with bad publicity, highest dropout rate in New York
power of the unclcctcd capitalist monly the Mafia. You qualify for Only Italians qualify. Besides, (lily Itlftﬁr PUCI‘l-U RtCtlnb'l the
elite that controls Illt‘ American the Mafia only if you arc Italian those Hump}; (lim‘i ling]!- Llu-spine highest white ethnic drug ad-
niass media. and if you steal om- anplc. lfyou like Carminc (the Snake) Pcrsico (“0110" filter “ mass Pmtext mUVE'

The fact is that the mass media steal two apples and are Italian or kid Genovese or Al Capone.
oplNloN in this country does not give us you’ve made it to the Costa Noa- Somehow Italian hoods are gen-
the real facts of the news, only tra—that intimate spider web of tunes at crime like the Germans

A popular shjbboleth in this the distortions of its bigoted dark, sinister Latin hoods whose are geniuses in science. Macchia'

country, especially amidst the views. Its basic aim is two-fold— world conspiracy spans all con- velian criminality just flows in
media "in-crowd" is “frecdom of power and money. Bow to the tinents and is guided from its their dark. Mediterraneaan blood.
the press.” Almost equally popu- great god—Mnmmont To obtain headquarters in the Sicilian capital These ao-called capes are often
Iar are "all the news fit to print" these things, as all good capitalist city of Palermo. Those exotic described very picturesquely as
and “the public‘s right to knOW." institutions it must sell its pro- looking. evil bandilti of the US. Mafia Chieftains. One auto-
1" battles hﬂween Attnew and the duct. To sell its products, it gives underworld must give untold or» matically thinks of those evil
press, the press always won. In the us unbridled sensationalism. Ad- gnsms to some insipid American Mongol warlords who swept over
war between the Pentagon and the vertisers, interested in profit not render looking for excitement. As Europa! How colorful! And ' l'ry-
press. the press again won. Indeed principles, sponsor the sciisation- Weryonc knows it is “those one knows of that scer~'
as We all know, the “militttry- ulist papers. We of course have Italians“ who control all vice in tmd fire ceremony w' WHY
industrial complex" is the most two lcvels of readers; the high America and the world “gambling, '"llinSO [.1065 through- taking the
powcrl‘ul institution in this brow bigots (who patronize thc smut. prostitution. the numbers, Ottlt’rla. Ot’ t-‘Ode Of Silence. Allin
Or is it'.’ Marshall Mc- New York Times and Post) and drugs, after-hours clubs, etc. In- the midst of very 20th century
POinted out that the the low brow bigots (the Daily deed if there‘s anything you don't New York “1'5 it” Very “(Citing
“medium is the message"; its News and the Times Union)- like, you t‘tltl blame it on “those tltld “- SCIl-S' hem?" lhim “"31 mm"
power to control a situation and both papch are equally distorted; Italians". Though Meyer Lansky is I‘t‘rﬁ I'thkt'l. The Inc‘- LhiIt 11” this

 

 

   
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
  

Media Arts
Lecture # 2

TONY SCHWARTZ
live and on tape

“Woodstock,
Moondog,

Marshall McLuhan,

Coke Teen,
Give a damn,

Pneumonic Speech,

Project 86,

Con Ed Co e,
On Any Sund
Kids & Cats,

Global Village 77
Rap with Tony

expand your

auditory awar ness
Dec to 8PM. ..

 

 
  

 

 

Introducing a new kind of beer.
MaXImus Super.

Maximo .‘ Super r, not an air: or rl malt liquor Vct Ill‘r very diIICienl Iiom ordinary beet. One (on and you'll know
(it'll IlOW Cliiictcnl Maximo; Super really is. You“ also know how we arrived at its name.

 

 

 

' (‘lll'

 

 

 

 

ment: all this doc: not phase the
media. Indeed it took the Time:

two months to report the fact

that between 500 to 5,000 Ital-
ians were protesting daily against

F.B.I. racist tactics against ‘our
people. Any other minority with

10 men protesting makes at least
some notice. Suddenly Italians
just aren‘t'. really newsworthy.
They did, however, make the
news when they were denounced
by nearly rich tenants as being
“noisy”. Another stereotype.
That merits news! Even after the
mass rally of almost 250,000 Ital-
ians in Columbus Circle on June
29. 1970 against discrimination
and defamation. the racist media
was unmoved. They were only
interested in the handful of
alleged racketeers in the midst of
the thousands. Enauing muss pro«
tests against every media and
petitions did not move the power-
ful media "fuhrers," either. Pro-
tests to the Human Rights Com-
mission by dozens of Italian or-
ganizutions was equally unsuccess-
ful. The media’s answer: more
stigmatiztition. IndeedI what
chance (ices a powerless ethnic
minority have against the media
ezars if the military—industrial
complex can't even budge them?
Of course, the Times has four
Italians on an editorial staff of
500.

The racism of Hollywood anV‘
ics goes unscathed. "Americans of
Italian Descent" showed in a stud-
y of over 100 Hollywood movies
dealing with Italian-Americans
that all dealt in stereotypes.
Nonc showed the least empathy
for the Italian people. There is
"Stiletto." "Inside the Mafia,"
"l’ny or Die." “The Sicilian (‘lziii."
“Al Capone," “The Brother-
hood," “The Untouchables," ctc.
ad nauscuni. While I-Iollywooil
stereotypes of blacks and Illfllilllr
at least mow-ii the conscience of
Hi“ American public, they could
the racist sligma

r’
.I

(ill Italians.

When the [cs/ii of San (iciinaro
was twice raided by FBI. slornr
troopers, when the working class
Italian community of Corona was
threatened by annihilation for an
zillilclic field by the Prince of
(lrncii- Mansion, WIlII(' there is
only one Italian principal of Elli Ill
the city hiin school system. tbc
Iimnsiiic liberals of the media ri-
fused to bleed. Now Forest Hills is
"threatened" with low-cost hon-.
ing. and Ill and behold Illt‘ New
York Times calls for sympathy tor
that upper middle class neighbor
hood. (Yertninly if Birbnch's name
was Anthony linpcrinlc. thr- ’I'Intcs
would just lilcnt bigot No oni-
looks for causes when dealing
With Italians.

Itnsl July. Peter Mollo of
tf.l.A.O. (Congress of Ilittlltili-
Americnn Organizations) noted
“we Italians llthl‘ long been brain»
washed with this melting pot
myth. We have chosen to remain
sepiiriilc. Indeed now more than
ever we lllllhl turn inward to serve
our own communities." No one
L'lh't' gives it damn. If Italians don‘t
fight for our own people, no one
will. The time is long overdue that
iill people. both Italians and
striinicro, trike control of the me-
dia which uffncts us. The press,
the cinema, the ’I‘.V. and radio
channels do not belong to wealthy
capitalist interested in money but
to all the people. Italians may be
the most blatant victims of media
bigotry but are by no means the
only ones. Blacks, Puerto Rlcunu,
Chicanos, Indiana, Orientals, Poles,
and the workers and the poor are
also victims. It in time we joined
together to fight the moat power-
ful evil in America—the real Uti-
touchablaal Boycott the Yankee
media and It will die from starva-
tion. Cultural genocide can end

only if you refuse to aupport the
blgotu. ' ‘ '

  

