 

    

PAGE 2

  

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

News Round Up

 

International

Paris—North Vietmanese officials claimed that the presidential
election “farce” in South Vietnam and the recent U.S. bombing
of the North illustrates the failure of Vietnamization. Nguyen
Minh Vy, deputy chief of the Hanoi delegation to the talks, called
on the U.S. to the Communists’ seven-point pence proposal as
"the only logical way out of the war."

\

Saigon—Opponents of President Thieu asked the Supreme Court
to overturn results of Sunday's election that they claim was
unconstitutional. Thieu was the only candidate. The petition to
the court came only hours after Vice President Ky assailed the
election as, “brazenly rigged" by Thieu.

Huyen Quang, secretary general of the An Quang Buddhist
Church, said that he would send a letter to U.S. ambassador
Ellsworth Blinker denouncing alleged American intervention in
the election. He cited the fact that tear gas, weapons and
helicopters used to break up Buddhist demonstrations were
furnished by the U.S.

National
Washington—Responding to Nixon administration pleas, federal
judges have temporarily halted longshoremen's strikes against
West Coast docks and the Port of Chicago. The judges directed the
workers to return to work for 10 days, pending hearings on
whether the moratorium should be extended the full Ht) (lays
allowed under the Taft-Hartley Act.

a
Washington—President Nixon announced last night machinery
for administering wage-price restraints that he hopes will hold the
annual rate of inflation to 2 to .'l perCent by the end of next year.
Nixon fixed no specific wage or price standards. He turned ovcr
that politically sensitive issue to two ncwly created quasi-
indcpendcnt bodies whose major decisions will I)l.' subjcct to
governmental veto,

 

 

Wasltiitgtoih-House action on a proposed constitutional amcnd-
ment designed to guarantee women equal rights with men was
postponed yesterday because of the death oft!ongrcssman Jamcs
G. Fulton, RAPa. The scheduled votc was put off until next
Tuesday. In a spirited debate Wednesday, Iii-p, liclla ADZIILI
stated, “there ttrc laws that say ll woman cannot be a Ilttlt‘l di-sk
clerk at night. But these laws don‘t prolch a charwomnn from lbc
backbreaking work of scrubbing thc floors at niglil Wllilo
their 'protectors' are sleeping"

the SUNYA Young Republicans last Monday night.

by David Sliain

In an assembly marred by several disturbances,
Arnold l’roskin addressed the SUNYA Young Re-
publicans in IA? 2 Monday night. Proskin, Albany
County District Attorney, is presently campaigning
for reelection against the Democratic challenger,
'I'iim Kcogaii.

Speaking to an atteiitiyc, conservatively dressed
audience of thirty, l’roskiii appealed for student
support in his campaign. Ilc spoke at some Iciiglli
about the Albany County Democratic machine,

 

 

 

  
 
  
  

Some cars
took great at the
dealer's. But get them out on
the street and it‘s a dillerent story

Fortunately lor us (and you) the MGB Isn't ltke that The Inklings
you get about Il in the showroom are more than iealtzed on the
road.

And the reasons aren't hard to lind a 1798 c c lwm-Carb engine.
rack-and-pinton steering, racmg-type suspensmn, lront dlSC
brakes. and a lullyvsynchrontzed lspeed gearbox

So come on in and take a look at the MGB You‘ll like It And
you‘ll still ltke ll alter you take a rte-obligation test-(love And Isn‘t
that what buying a sports car IS all about?

JOHN ll. llllDD PONTIAC, Inc.
102] State Street Schenectady, N. Y.

 

 

 

 

 

 

which has traditionally dominated arca politics. He
rcili-ralctl what lic considers to litch l)l'l‘ll his maiot'
acctunplishiiicnt since becoming District Attorney
in twin: “The principal thing I‘ve done is t .ing
this office completely outside lltt' realm of politics.
l’roskin dcplorcd thc campaign lactics of his oppon»
ent, whom be referred to as an organization
candidate. He acknowledged that during the televi-
sion debate on Sunday, he “wanted to bust him
(Kl""lll] right in tile kisser.” lle dismissed the
possibility that chgan received the nomination on
merit. At one point, bc was asked about corruption
within the Republican Party. He responded by
arguing that the Young Republican Party in Albany
County is not in power and, therfore, is in no
position to steal. "We don‘t know enough to be
crooks yct.“ While acknowledging the existence ol
political patronage, Iic said that he did not consider
this stealing. i

Sonic livc minutes after the thirty-three year old
District Attorney began an informal question and
answer session, approximately twenty members of a
radical campus organiuition burst noisily into the

Birth Right
El'fcctIVc altcrnativc to abortion.
Non profit,
non-(|ciiioninational
free: no charge
'J? imam Street
dtiJ .‘laJ

Albany
ltib-J I (ll)

   
 

 

(second in the series)

will speak on :

‘Should the Media

 

Journalism Workshop

Tues. Oct. 12 at 8 pm in Ha 129

Robert Danzig

(publisher- Times Union and Knickerbocker News)

for Certain Issues?’

will be held

  
  
 
 
 
   
   

   
 
   
   
 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1971

Arnold Proskin, Albany County District Attorney, is presently campaigning for re-election. Hi.- addressed

.../lttfftlt'lt

DA Proskin Seeks fie-Election;
Speaks Here Amid Disturbances

lecture center. After seating themsclw-s til the rear,

one member called out, “You help t';tl‘|‘_\ out

enslavement." Proskin became agitated, saynig, “It
they’re here, I don‘t want to bc here. I don't lll't'tl
any wise guys." He told the group that ln- would

answer any relevant questions, as long as the) didii'i
give him any “ciislavemciit bologna,“ nit-inln-rs of
tlic group began to question I’rosltin about llllsllll
conditions, Sci-mineg angcrcd once again. Ill‘.ttl\l\t'll

[Item to consult a a sociologist, saying "l‘in .t
District Attorney.“ llc dcnicd having liltll'll I\||l|\\
ledge of prisons, adding that be had iii-Vcr liccn lll
jail, cxccpl on business. When aslo-(l about ll|\ sl.l|lll
on sodomy, he said that he had no position on tln»
subject. At this point, Proskin llltllt'illt'd his Itlll'll
tion to ignore the group. Most int-nibcrs dcparti'd,
with iniIcIi racket and door slamming. ’l'cnipi-rnig
his comments somewhat. Pros-kin told tln- Young
Republicans, “I could sit and rap with those gll\‘s all
day. These guys don't bother me. 'l‘lii-y‘ru going to
grow up some day."

Questioned about Attica, Proskin said that llt‘
considered it a dreadful incident, yi-t Ilt' was
“standing behind him (Gov, liockcl'clli-r) one
hundred per-cent." Terming the governor's dcctston
"gutsy," he declined to speculate on what action llt‘
might have taken had lie been in liocltcl'i-llcr's
position, saying “I'm not going to be a Monday
morning quarterback. He made this decision lion-
estly. He miidc this decision based on the facts tlial
he had."

Proskin said that he is confident of victory Jill
Clissidy, the GOP candidate for (lolliin Ia-gislatiirc,

spoke earlier in the evening.

Want To Be A Prof?

If you are considering a career as a college teacher. and 1"“ I‘m“
no previous graduate credits you may be eligible to apply ll" ”
Daiilortli Scholarship. For further
Michael ll. Freedman, assist
Al) thi at 457-8301.

  

information contact Dr
aiil dean of Undergraduate Studio, in

 
 

 

Crusade

serving

 

 

.ws‘i‘Benefit Dance

all funds donated to the ltght against
Sickle-Cell Anemia

TONIGHT 6 pm til 1 am CC Ballroom

WSUA° 640

t)t)N/\l|()N: sot

 

the university community "

l
""1

 

\

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1971

ALBAN Y STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 3

 

"r
.,.; - v .' .

 

  

l’oliccnien and students me! together last Wednesday night iii the Dutch Quad Flagroom. They discussed
such topics as politics, school. drugs, prisons. and the recent Attica uprisings.

,..polluclr

PYE Discusses Major Goals;
Bikeway Route Is Planned

by ('ara Coldslciit goals and lo cit(‘UlII'tigt‘ new tilt‘lli'
lici's to hpr tin-iii achieve their
'l'ln- organization I’YI'I tl’i'olccl aims. 'I'Iic major goal of the on
Your Environment) held a mect- ganization is to promote lltt' con»

tng Monday night to cxplnin their structioii of .i Bikcway from

 

Music Council
announces a
Subscription Series
to 4 Fall Semester Concerts

0 Oct. 23 New York Brass Quintet

0 Nov. ll) AMM Music with Cornelius (Iardcw Group
0 Nov. 21 Ncw York I’m Mtisica

o Dcc. () (:l't‘tlllvt‘ Associatcs witli Lukas Foss

Subscription Prices:
$3.00 w/student tax
$6.00 w/out tax

(for students, faculty, and staff with ID)
Tickets may be purchased in:
CC: Oct. 11-15
Music Council Box Office: Oct. 18-22

(in the basement of the PAC)

 

 

 

Washington Park to SUNYA's up-
town cainpus. Al the meeting, a
film was shown of the bicyclc trip
taken last year by approximately
sixty pcoplc to outline the roulc
of the proposed llikcway,
Aiiollicr goal of I’YIL‘ is to take
action on thc current 'I‘ransporta»
lion Bond Issue,

Also discussed at the meeting
Were the clcclivcs offered to stu-
dents in'crestcd in cnvironmcntal
sludics. I’rcscntly, tbcrc are four
independent study courscs being
offered. The colli‘si-s concern the
environment of the future, legisla-
lion, environmental impact and
encrgy, Other courses scheduled
for ncxt semester will include An
Introdiiclion to Scientific I’rob-
Items of thc l‘iIlVIl'ttlllnl'lil and
Human and Social Aspccts ol' I‘ll'l‘
vironmciit l’roblcms.

I'Yl‘l's office is in I“A ‘JIH for
anyone intcrcslod in gcltiiig iii-
formation, in joining the group, or
just helping from time to timc.

 

 

PROFESSIONAL TVPING SERVICE
Ililll Hi'Ii-t'li'li' 'I'_\'/ii'icritci'
Slicclliliuiig lIl
lhit‘llll‘tll lhsscrliilioiis
t,i:.t tit-tn-ml. K II' Home 0

lliki‘ntttdlili ll.llr--.

 

 

4626283 462-1509

 

Picks 1' Cm‘ihs $1M:

at Stuyvesant Plaza
Saturday, October 9

approximately 40 local artists and craftsmen expected

Ride the Free Bus!

 

  

Cops Rap with Students:
Groups Share Ideas _

by Mindy Altnnn

A discussion group presented by Dutch Quad Board aimed,
according to Peter Hickey, to “bring about an atmosphere of talking
instead of shouting," and “create a dialogue that would lead to better
understanding between the two groups.” The. group met last Wed-
nesday night, and drew about 50 students. In this first of a series of
discussion groups, called "A Rap with the Cops," the students and
police intermingled, and there were many one-to-one discuuions, as
well as group talks.

The group of 30 police that came included 15 members of the New
York State Troopers, and 15 members from various other municipal
and county police departments. The men, currently on 10-week leaves
from their jobs, are taking college credit courses at the New York
State Police Academy. Many of them are in a political science class
taught by Peter Hickey, who is also a Residence Director on Dutch
Quad, and who served as a link between the policemen and the Dutch
Quad Board.

The policemen on the whole. admitted that they had been looking
forward to coming and were anxious to talk with the students, to
learn what they were thinking about and how they felt about certain
issues. A few of the men had been apprehensive and a little nervous
about coming, as they Iiad never participated in this type of rap
session before, and didn't know what to expect. Generally, however,
they ware pleased with the discussions and found talking with the
students to be ii worthwhile experience. Topics of conversation
included politics, school, drugs, the economic at d educational systems
of our society, prisons, the recent Attica uprisings and student
demonstrations. The discussions included many exchanges of anec-
dotes and personal feelings.

Onc of the more heated discussions took place between it senior at
Albany State, Jack Schwartz, and a member of the New York State
Policc Department, Schwartz, who admits to having a dislike for all
police in general, argued the point that the rich control the United
States and that the police are pawns of political repression and of that
rich society. The policeman felt that he wasn't being objectively
Iookcd at as a person but was being labeled immediately as an enemy
bccausc of his I'(il(‘ in society. However, most of the other arguments
wci'i- lcss Iicatcd.

Most ol' the students at the discussion came because they were
curious and intcrcsti'd. 0an student foitnd the rap to be beneficial in
breaking down stereotypes of both students and police. Another felt,
however, that. because men at the academy were ll band-picked group,
they "wore abch the average cop on the bent type."

According to Iiickcy, the rap session was a success. He feels that
next tinuI he would like to see this type of discussion on university-
wido basis.

Further Wetlncsduy night discussion groups Sponsored by the Dutch
Quad Board will be announcod.

 

Future Anti-war Actions

continued from page I
Government of the Republic of South Vietnam (Viet Cong) to Paris,
will try to end the war by a telephone call to President Nixon. Finch
declared that if Nixon doesn‘t accept the treaty the demonstrators
will evict him from the White House the next day in a show of civil
(Iisoliedicncc.

Other tiiitioiial plans include a SMC national strike on November 3
in an effort. to close all the colleges, and regional demonstrations on
November ii.

For further information call Since! Iv‘irc tit 457-6544.

Past Protests at Albany

continued from page I

Then it was October 1970, and Albany students were again called to
action. Classes were suspended for one day as many mourned the
deaths of four studean killed iit Kent State University. On October 31
several hundred marched again to the State Capitol; however, the
turnout. was small, about 10% as large as the previous year, and the
protestors seemed “bored,” and ‘‘uncnthuaiiistic.‘I One obserVer said
of that march, “If the October in action proved anything it. is that the
problems of the "705 will not be solved by methods of the '605."

Now it will be October 13, 1971. A moratorium is planned for the
same school to protest the same war. Some are optimistic that the
coming actions will have an effect; some iire not. However, all
participants, past and future, are hopeful that no more anti-war
protests will be necessary.

 

 

SEND A FRIEND A HAPPY CAKEll

A unique way to say "You're Great"
"Thinking of You" or just

“Happy Blrthdoy“
Coke delivered to student’s dorm on SUNY or
UNION COLLEGE Campus.

V

HAPPY CAKES
1014 Van Vriinkan Ave.
Schenectady. N. V. 12308

Sendai. . ..
Recipient
Campus Addie“

$5 per cake

 

 

 
 
 
 

lllicl union.
Data at Delivery

 

 

   

 

 

