. .W »_ r~.,my4‘a."wymmmllth—H-

moonstwaiys

 

   

'. . . HOWEVER; WE NEVER TAKE THIS SORT 0F THING TOO SERIOUSLY!"

  

 

communications

 

Save Mrs. Jernakoff!

To the Editor:

Once again it becomes necessaryto reexamine
the policies of this university concerning the hiring
and the firing of professors. All too often. there is a‘
tendency to sacrifice excellent teaching ability for
“so-called” scholarly pursuits. Each year students
are forced to band together to try to save someone
who they consider to be an excellent instructor

Recently, the students of the Russian department
were shocked to find out that Mrs. N. Jernakoi't‘
wasn‘t being rehircd for next semester. The reasons
given for her dismissal were a lack of funds and her
lack of PHD.

What the administration has overlooked is that
Mrs. Jernakoff is an excellent instructor. She
teaches, primarily. first and second year Russian
students. Her ability and enthusiasm has stimulated
many of these students to continue studying the
Russian language. Mrs. .lernakoff will be sorely
missed if the administration decides not to retain
her.

A delegation of concerned students went to see
Dr. Shane, the new head of the Russian department.
to see if he could intercede on her behalf with the
administration. Admittedly, because he is new at
this school, he tnay be unaware of the need for
someone of Mrs. Jernakoff‘s ability in the first years
of language study. Nevertheless. our new depart-
ment head seems to be much more concerned with
building the credentials of the graduate division at
the expense of the undergraduate students.

We sincerely hope that Mrs. .lernakot‘l' is not made
a scapegoat. The Rus in department needs leaching
ability rather than scholarly intent“. We're sure
that lhc money for her salary can he raised if the
administration cares enough. We - -rtriin|y hope that
something can be done about this matter.

STUDENTS TO SAVE MltS. Jl'lltNAKth"

    

 

.

Response-

To the Editor:

As chairman of University Concert Board, l feel
that I must reply to Steve Aininoff’s opinionated
and misleading SUNYArt’s column (October 26).
Mr. Aminoff closes his column by saying “i think
it's time that University Concert Board begin
putting on concerts in the best interest of the
university community they are supposed to serve."
If the students of this campus including Mr.
Aminoff were to take a look at the concerts
presented so far this year, you would realize that
the music has been more varied this year than in any
previous vear. Just look at the list:

Shir Na Na: Rock and roll of the 1950’s
Clark Terry: Jazz

Carly Simon — Livingston Taylor: Folk

.loyouu Noise — Joy of Cooking: Country Rock
J. Geilrt Band: Rock blues

Jethro Tull: Popular "heavy" rock

swarms”- , . _.r

The philosophy of University Concert Board is to
try to cover as many parts of the musical commun-
ity as possible during the course of the year. By the
above list, I don’t think anyone, including Mr.
Aminoff, can honestly say that we haven’t been
doing our job or serving the best interests of the
community.

Mr. Aminoff goes on to criticize the I‘shitty
acoustics and sound equipment" (as he puts it). On
these points, I am somewhat inclined to agree. But
what Mr. Aminoff does, as he has also done in many
of his previous writings, is to make statements
without giving any reasons as to why things are
done in a certain way. So far this year, we have been
experimenting with our sound set-up in order to get
the maximum benefit from it. I think that most,
including Mr. Aminoff, will agree that the sound
was much better for the Simon -— Taylor show than
for the Sha Na Na concert. University Concert
Board feels that it is headed in the right direction in
this area. Unfortunately, the sound system that
appeared with the Joy Wagon last Friday night was
not ours and we had no control over it. This is one
of the very few times this will happen and it did
happen because of a stipulation in the contract.
Therefore, we will continue to experiment until we
reach a point where as much of the audience as
possible can adequately hear the performance.

One thing must be kept in mind. The “shitty
acoustics" (as Mr. Aminoff puts it) can be dealt
with only to a certain degree. Unfortunately, our
“concert hall" is not a theater; it is a gymnasium.
This leaVes all of us witli an undesirable compros
misc. Many people constantly condemn the ltCOllS'
ties of the gym. ’l‘he acoustics of the Palace Theater
are undeniably better. The Palace Theater as an
alternative to the gymnasium presents a very real
problem, though. How many students actually pick
theniselvr-s up to travel off campus for a concert?
The fore, should our larger shows be put on in a
place that is acoustically superior, but a hassle to get.
to or in one that acoustically lacks in many ways,
but is just ri step from your doorway

This is a major problem that we of University
Concert Board are presently trying to resoIVc and l
hope one that the students. including Mr. Aminoi'f,
can understand more clearly.

 

Roy Rosenberg
Chairman
University Concert Board

Pranks?

To the Editor:

As a student at the State University, l have seen a
lot of "cute" pranks thrit really aren't cute. I speak
specifically of people who throw things out of the
windows of the towers. On several occasions l have
witnessed water balloons, shoes, and even highly
expensive fire extinguishers, being dropped from the
tower.

There is an extent to “cuteness”. A water balloon
thrown from the eighth floor or above can really
hurt someone, besides making a mess. A fire
extinguisher may explode, causing injury to anyone
in the area.

Being part of the student community that we are,

think that all students should try to be more

considerate, antl more thoughtful iti their actions.

We can only exist in unity if we think about each
other as people, anti not moving targets.

Peace,

IN. llosmun

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1971

 

    

editorial comment

Promotion and Tenure

The recurring problem of promotion and tenure. and their
complement, hiring and firing, has been left by all to fcsicr too long.
It is time that the system was revamped, to get us away from the
prophesies and politics of the 1920‘s. Important lll this no“.
structure are the direct recipients of its best and worst: the students.
These students deserve some voice in what happens lo their lives.

Our present methods of determining the quality of instruction the
from poor to terrible, depending on the degree of enlightenment
practiced by the department concerned. In sortie, “Publiin or
Perish" is still the yardstick, along with accumulated degrees and
repute. The other extreme relies on the ballot box. in claim“,
which often wind up as popularity contests for the faculty Itrrth
ends of the spectrum are open to rather casy manipulation by those
in power. it is easy to criticise the former for its stringency. linr
should we applaud the latter with its discrimination against [host
family members who don‘t socialize well and dislike engranrnrng
themselves with their superiors‘lBoth systems are equally prone to
error and equally terminal; these are the failings of otir current
systems.

Student participation is generally downgraded. although lllt‘
students are often excellent judges (at least en Ill(I.\‘.\'t'l oi .r
professor's teaching ability. To quote Morris Finder of the Depart-
ment of instruction, in air article which appeared in Friday‘s .-I.S'I'
“But to conclude that the opinions of students (or of :tti)otit' t'lNL'l
should provide the primary basis for evaluating a teacher is .rl lc.r\l
rash and ill-advised." Mr. Finder highlights ati intriguing problem
with his “or...anyoiie else," because right now the opinions ol other
faculty, to say nothing of the department cliairriicn, "pttiVItlc lllt'
primary basis for evaluating" professors who are tip for lctilitc
and/or promotion. Often these opinions ratik with the most hiltwtl
of student opinions. and don‘t even relich a true lL‘.lIilllti.'
experience under the teacher in question.

Two steps should be taken as soon as possible to begin to lt'lllt‘tl)
this sorry situation. First. student opinion, of a professor‘s lt'dt'llllli.‘
ability, should be included in any ovcrall cvalualion. and second. lln‘
university as a whole should decide the final questions of whether li‘
lire, retain, or promote an individual. This need not be rloric in the
general public. but by representative groups. preferably chosen .tl
random rather lhun selected by the current power structure

in an admittedly hard budget year. when facull) lti.\.\'L‘.\.rIll I.rtrrlr\
losses~ will not be replaced. we cannot afford to lose pirilcxwtx lrrr
nebulous and sonic-titties pctly reasons. Let's break down wrrrr rvl
our irilcrnal

barriers. that Ilic crilirc

strengthened by the resull.

(Ulllllllllllly It) 1‘. “4'

 

 

Albany Student Press

It'tlilor-lieC'hicf
totn clingan
Norris lz'r/i/ur zlt/l‘t’l‘lixl'ilg .1 IrIIIrIt't'l'
Vicki zcldin
Astoria/c News~ Iz'rlilor

jcl'f rorlgrrs

Assistant .‘ltll't'l‘lltltll,’ .l/ruttls'r'l'
inaida ririiighcr “I'd” “‘“lf
H'rlttrres Iz'tlitors ’I'ei-hnirul lz'rli/orr
john fairhall we “’“L’W‘
debbie natansohn Wilm'" “‘l‘l'm
/lI‘l.\' [tilt/or Iiiixineri Manager
stevc riniinoff l’hil """l‘
Spur/r lid/tor (‘ltisstjicrl A rl li'ltllltlgt'r
robert taremba dcbbic kaenicu
Axris/ultt Sports [L'dr'tur

alan d. abbey
Wire Services [Editor

Advertising I’rr irlrn'lirirt
toni rliorlcs
gary sussniari
robert mayer
Photography Iz'rIi/ur
rich alverson

(I'm/ﬁll It'dilor
sue pallas
Circulation Manager

Iixchmtgc li'ditur rori wood

mark litcofsky

The Albany Student Press in located in Campul Center 326 of "In State
Univoulty of New York at Albany, 1400 Washington Avenue, Albanv.
New York 12203. The ASP is funded by Mandatory Studunl Tax, and can bit
much“! by dlullno 467-2190. The ASP was founded m l916 av "w CM” "'
1918' Th“ “WIMP!” is a member at the College Press Sorvrcu and "I"
Amcmw P'm‘ PH“ '0' Wb‘c'lpliom is seven dollars per acadumrc Y0“-

Communlcatiom are printed a) space permit. and rm, intormally limited In

 

 

 

300 word]. Editorial policy of the Albany Student Prim is determined W “W
Editorial Board.

 

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1971

Bad Tricks and Treats

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

The celebration of Halloween in New York State was marred by incidents ofsadism,arson, assault,

robbery and vandalism.

As of midnight Sunday, there were 30 reported cases involving razor or pin-laden candy being given to

children. There were no reports of serious injuries.

In Rochester, Cheryl Vyverberh, 7, bit into a candy bar and discovered a double-edged razor blade, The
child, who collected her Halloween candy on the city's southwest side, was not hurt.
In Niagara Falls, nine cases of dangerous treats were reported. Six involved pins or wire being hidden in

candy. Another was a case of suspected dragging.

Similar incidents were reported in Troy, Bingbamton, Buffalo, Queens, Owsego, Odessa. the Schuler
Countytowns of Montour Falls and Catherine, and Chenango in Broome County.

In Albion in Orleans County, Thomas O'chrn, II, was struck in the face with a chain while
trick-or—trealing. The attacker, police said, was an adult disguised in a sheet who afterward drove off in a

car with a woman and child.

In Rochester, police were callctl to Pullman Avenue to chase a man out of a tree. He had been throwing

ﬁrecrackers at passing youngsters.

An abandoned house and a shed were reported leveled by arsouists at separate locations in the‘Tow nOf

Batavia, while in Pembroke, a :10 by 60 foot barn was burned.

Two teen-aged trick-ontreatcrs bound and gagged an 84-year-old socialite and her secretary in

Rochester, anrl lheii made off with a pillowcase of jewelry, police said.

Mrs. Harper Sibley told police that two costlide youths visited her home Saturday and said they

were collecting money for the United Nations Children '5 Fund.

The youths returned later, tied up Mrs. Sibley and the secretary. Mrs. Maric Laidt, 72. and escaped with

the jewels and $25 cash.
Police said the value of the jewelry was not immediately known.

Legalized Outlaw

WASHINGTON (AP) >- The knaves of the corporate boardroom
should be packed off to prison as routinely as bank bandits and
strong-arm robbers, a University of California sucimogisr dccluwd
Sunday.

Professor George Gcis said only such harsh tactics can force some
corporate executives to treat the public fairly.

He spoke during the final session of a two-day Conference on
Corporate Acoountability, organized by consumer advocate Ralph
Nader.

“The most effective deterrent for corpoate criminals," he said, “is
the imposition of criminal penalties on executives who havo knowing-
ly committed outlawed acts of a serious nature."

A jail sentence, or eVen the threat of it, and the resulting loss of
social status would spur the corporation executive convicted of a
crime to change his ways, Geis said.

“Corporate offenses committed in violation of the criminal law... are
often of such a severe nature in terms of the physical and fiscal harm
they cause others that they clearly deserve seVere criminal penalties,"
he said.

But courts have been reluctant to imprison top executives because
of what he called a “class bias" favoring business.

Taking another tack, a George Washingtonr University Law professor
said the courts offer virtually the only avenue toward forcing
corporations to act responsibly.

Arthur S. Miller said that courts at all levels traditionally haVe been
weighed in favor of business, but. he noted signs of change.

Courts have begun to accept suits from consumer groups against
Carponitions, particularly in the environmental field, he said.

Judges should expand that trend, Miller proposed, and should act
more vigorously to force government agencies to enforce regulations
applying to corporations.

 

 

I. / THE WORLD'S MOST HONORED

' ﬂ MOTION PlCTUREl \

\% WlNNER OF H ACADEMY AWARDS “ﬂ
including “BEST PlCTURE"!

  

JIIW‘MMMWMMYER

pro-ants 

  

Mtt/Aﬁiiri‘tmr

CHARLTON Hrsiiiiiﬁrcr HAWKINS

HAYA HARAREET ' STEPHEN BOYD
HUGll GRIFle v MARTHA scon-...oinn ODONNHL- SAM urn:

Kiiii'iiiirit'iti v SAiiiiiliiiiiiSl

WlDE SCREEN - STEREOPHONIC SOUND - METROCOLOR

 

Tower East Cinema 457-8583
Nov.5&6 LC—7 7&l0

 

 

Admission: $1.25 and $.75 w/ State Quad Card

 

 

 

 

Education
Goes To Pot

, MINEOLA, NY. (CPS) Former
Vassar College student Nancy
Graber, 20, is pressing a $1 mil-
lion suit against her alma mater
charging that all-night pot parties
in her dormitory room caused her
to flunk out. She further charges
that the college made no attempt
to stop the parties.

Graber said her roommate be-
came involved with drugs in the
winter of 1970 and quickly be
came heavily involved in drugs.
She said her roommate would
often invite friends who were trip
ping in for the evening and
would frequently play music or
sing through the night keeping her
from sleeping.

When she complained to [lie
dean of residence, Ms. Elizabeth
M. Drouilliet, she was told to
“open the windows" if marijuana
smoke bothered her. According to
Graber the resident faculty mem-
ber, Prof. Robert F. Martin, told
her he was "powerless to act in
drug matters."

Previous to attending Vassar Ms.
Graber’s grades were excellent,
according to her attorney, Donal
F. McCarthy. llowevor, after the
pot parties began she suffered first
a mediocre semester and then a
disastrous one.

Since transferring to Adclphi
(.‘ollcge iti Long Island from Vas»
sar, Graber's grades haVe gone up
to a 3.8 on a -l.l) scale. Graber had
tried previously to transfer to Mt.
llolyoke College, Pembroke Col~
loge, and Lehigh University. How-
ever, Vassar had withheld recom-
mendations, and in one instance
presented a negative refereiicrr.
and she was not accepted.

According to a spokesman :it
Vassar the court papers have not
yet arriVed. Until that time they
hrive no comment.

BOX OFFICE OPEN
l2 6 our Daily

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Upon Thieu's inauguration: “Where is my son? Where is my son?“ one
woman cried, but Thieu was too far away to hear her.

Catskill Skinny-Dipping

Skinny-Dip Tours ﬂlmOlmCL‘S a special Skinny-Dip weekend at the

Green Acres llolel & Resort in Loch Sheldrake, NY. for December
:t~rl-."i. 'l‘he all-nude indoor activities include an Olympic-size swim-
ming pool. steam rooms, ping pong, miniature golf, pool table, pinball
machines, a bar and a nightclub. Outdoor activities include
volleyball. tennis, handball. sleighriding (weather permitting) plus
frisbee and kite flying contests. Skiing is available nearby. Recorder
players are especially welcome as there is already a nucleus of a

 

when CllllCll BERRY

Blll HAIEY it: COMETS
SlilllfllES°
DWEllS- Wllsm

BOBBY COMSYOCK I. THE COMSTOCM tID

concert.

A special discount is available to student for $35 for the weekend
including all meals based on quadruple occupancy. Reservations can
he made through Town and Country TraVel, 16 East 42 Street, New

York, l0(ll7.

Free room and board is offered to anyone able to promote 50

students.

This is the first time a major resort has opened its doors to nudists and
it promises to be an historic and exciting event.

Hair Stays, Cop Goes

MONTICELLO, N.Y. (Al’l ‘ A
Sullivan County's sheriff‘s deputy
who allegedly tried to sherir the
long hair and beard of a jailed
college estndent has been suspend-
ed pending a further investigation
of the charges.

Sheriff Raymond Dunn notified
Lt. Ralph Hrrikey of lhe suspenv
sioii Saturday.

The president of the county's
Responsivsl Student Union, John
McFarland, has accused Brakey

—2 snows—
5:00 a 8:30pm

(0) llllllll 8 llllll llillllllllO

BODIDIIIEY

 

TIX AT ALL T ICKETRONS' OR’" 372-7233

 

aan five other deputies of at-
tempting to cut the hair and beard
of Daniel Scurola, 18, of Smith-
town, Long Island, after Scarolti
was arrested oii charges of public
intoxication.

McFarland also charged that
Hrnkey hit Scurola in the face
several times.

Scurola is a student at Sulivan
Community College.

His attorney, Ira J. Cohen, said
he was considering filing criminal
charges against the other deputies
and civil charges against the coun-
ty and sheriff's department.

SHIQW-IFFS

our Luncheons
our Dmners

 
 

  

 

 

