 

      

 

  

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1971

 

 

PAGE 7

 

  



all

 

  

by Bill Brine

Last Saturday night the Hudson Valley Commun-
ity College Gymnasium was the scene of one of the
finest rock concerts this area has seen in quite a
while. The incredible energy and fire of the J.Geils
Band, the musicianship and feeling of the Allman
Brothers, and a fine, fine sound system by Cel-
ebrali'on combined to produce an evening of rock
and roll magic.

it wasn't a perfect night by any means, though.
NRBQ, a five-man band formerly based in Kentucky
and now in a farm in Oneonta, NY. opened the
second show with a lackluster perfomance. The
band operates in a low-key, relaxed but rocking
framework which might have liiid a chance to work
were it not for the antics of their lead singer. lle
swayed, staggered, cavorted and hanimed all over
the stage, exhausting the audience‘s tolerance in
about two minutes. The response, from a crowd
that had endured hours of waititig iii the freezing
cold to hear some real music, was ft‘t'ociotlsn cries of
derision, jeers, ‘atcalls. and suggestions that the
singer jerk off. After observing this for a while this
reviewer left and wandered backstage. ’l‘herc NRBQ
guitarist Hal Anderson told me wbeii the baiid had
finished the set that l"l‘hcrc were a lot of people out
there who missed the point complctt-ly. I liked that.
I enjoy hostile audiences more than the otherkiiid,"
So I guess he, at least. was happy with his reception.
Few others were.

interviewing the Allmans and their press agcnl.
Mike Hyland. was a study in friendly absurdin
Whilst dodging cli-ctric punch, ti-iluila. and whatnot.
lexlracted the following bits and pit'ccs.

From Mike l-lyland:

—A new album. single or dottblt', is due otit by
February, it will incliidc both live and studio
material rccordcd Willi the late Duane Allinati. in
addition to material recorded di-ath.
Several original pieces by the Allnians .iiid scvi-ial
Elmore James numbers Wlll be included.

- Thl‘band will . together and continue touring
and recording as a vc-piccr- llllll, No new guitarist
will be added. in a year or so they may add other
musicians.

—l“riend and harp player ’l‘hoin Douccttc (who
appears on their albums and once toured With them)
is trying to put his own band together and is
unlikely to appear again soon Willi the Allmans.
From Mike& Bassist Berry Oakley:

sincc his

   
 

— l‘lie guitarist that jammed with them at Carnegie
Hall was J.Gcils. Other musicians will be jamming
on and off stage with them from time to time.
“anybody —any real musicianw 'an come on with
us."

From guitarist Dicky Belts:

—“No one ‘Ieiids‘ this band, We're a family...
(iawdamn it's cold up liere,..just came from Florida
...too hot there...that‘s why I cut my hair...(in
response to another reporter‘s question) Am I gonna
be ii supersttirimlamn. l jes' better get some velvet
bells an a retinue...No, I won't pliiy. sions; I don't

  

hat Allman-Geils Show

  

 

feel comfortable unless I'm doing this band's or my
own music. We didn’t really get it off on the first
show...sh0ulda done better..gonna do it right this
time.”

For those who always wanted to know. drummer
Jai Johanny Johdson passes time between shows in
gyms by lifting weights (no kidding). Several times
Mike mentioned the hatchet job ROLLING STONE
did on the band‘s personalities recently. While
liquor flowed freely nobody was wrecked. lots of
sweet jamming was going down, and in general they
seemed to be. as Mike and Dicky claimed,“.les
people."

And then J.(lci|s came on- with a bang. They are
incredibly tight. and their stage act is filled with a
seemingly endless supply of both musical and
physical energy. They ignited the audience almost
instantly and from that point on the concert
became an cxpcricncc. il.(lci|s and Co. were flying
they knew it, the audience knew it. and the waves
of energy just btiilt and built. (leils himself is a
proficient but hardly exceptional guitarist*but in
this context hc's perfectly at home. l‘larpisl Magic
Dick and organist Seth Justman supply a stunningly
vivid sound and drummer Bladd is very pow ‘ful
and equally prccisc. Vocalist l’cte Wolf is the icing
on the cak‘c; powerful, blood-lusting vocals aiitl total
stage presence. l’rojcctctl through t'i'lclirulion's
crystalrclcar sotiiid syslcm, tlic ivcre overwhelming.
Wolf. “H Magic Dick, and lricnds inadc ciiiiVI-rts
of this reviewer land of Dicky Belts. who was rcally
digging them.)

 

 

 

At two in thc morning, finally, thc Allmans
appeared. And. as Dicky said they would. they ‘did
it right' this time. Sure, (lyt'(l‘lll‘llllhwtltll Allniaii
frcitks noticcd the hole crcatcd by the aliscnsc of
thc lati- Duanc Allman. and once Ilt' twicc. while
playing a lead that once was Skydog's, Dicky would
miss the final note. pcrhaps more from emotion
than for tcchnical reasons. But the band'seiiscmblc
playing was fine. so fine, ()akli-y. 'l‘rucks, and
Jolianson laid down that liiibbliiig. shifting rhyth-
mic liasc lliat the band is noted for, while (lrcg
Allinan provided strength and powr-r Ill his singing
mid kcyboard work, particularly on organ. The
spotlight, though, was on Dicky Bt‘tts. Both on and
offstagi- he slrlkcs me as a basically quiet, intro»
vertcd person who piislii-s himself botli to perform
and to tour. The pain Within, from this and from
the death of Duanc, poured out from his guitar.
sweet, intense, melancholy. sad, As a stylist he is
superb; definitely in the same class as his departed
partner Duane. hut subtly different. Duane played
with a fierce life and a humming, surging scnsc of
self. Dicky's playing. by contrast. is less ebullient;
slower, more sustained. and very deeply felt.

Sometime al'ler threc the hand launched into the
obligatory I'inali- ll’liippiiigposl. rearranged to give
more prominence to (lreg's organ leads but as
potent as l'Vt'l', (lreg opened the last stanza by
screaming “There ain't no such thing as dying!" as
Dicky launched into his most driven. powerful solo
of the night. Atid then you knew why they're
staying on totir. The music goes on.

For Record or Verse

by Susan Gordon

John Hartford advtsi-s the folks
down home to "get in touch with
God-‘turn your radio on." If you
do happen to turn it on to his new
album Acrco l’lain. you‘ll find
some easygoing bluegrass liaiiiii.
fiddle. and lyrics. which can all be
fun. but not rt'tillyuxt'lllllﬂr The
sounds are earthy, homey. and
mostly gentle. except for a great
band called "Boogie". done ii 1'“
[icllti in a voicc of an obscene
telephone caller “hi-y. lialic. ya
wanna boogie, boogie woogic
woiigti- Wllll rnc' “Tm-MW l'\'t|lt.\’.

'l'p on the Hill Wltcrc 'l'liI-y llti
lllt‘ lloogie" is a fresh. pliinky,
stonipcr Wlllt'll combines
obit-grass .ind ~.ocial coiiiincit
'.iry llai'lloi'il sings in “With .i

.iinp iii llll' Middle' that he
tin‘ tltc fidillc. illltl it is .i

liiiil

vriilc ll
\‘thlllWllIll' ciidcaytir

"l‘iirn Your llillllth tlii' is the
though. and it‘s. the only
.oiig on the album out wnm...
liy llartftirtl lt'ii ii kind of last
paced hylnn to Die railio. dcliv
well With wrynciiii mid spirit.

lliirll'ord spends ii lot of llllH‘
iiostiilgit'iilly talking about not
talkitig about the past llis lyricii
are full of the friends gone tlll

'icsl.

 

before and the good things dom-
giitic on. His poems. ll'iii'il .llocics
arc lyrics themselves. full of sIm
pli-. outdoor iiiiagi-s. refit-cling ti
“WVN‘H lll't'.'~llartford's"(lot a Mind
to Movc ()n" cause it's “Natural
to lie " Wltcn Mother Na
tiirc t'alls licr Wayward Son" to
sing an “Open lload ()ilc."

 

(ioni-

'l‘lioiiglits on Word .lloiii'ci

lliiril .lIiitii's iirc
.iiiil plc.is.nitl\ in Illt|llllll ’l‘lii-y
tll‘dl With and i-tfi-i't. \
Sliiipli- 'l'liliig .is Love, '

ciinifoi'lalilil

callsc
tobacco,
bombs. getting old "l‘IaiIliuuiits"

contains .i hit tit insight "that
Ilii-i'i-is nothing tll"l\ .iliiiiit
cailli " .llltl "loiiclincss tn .ill its

loneliness cannot l‘\l\l |i\' ilsi-ll "
llai’lliii'il
"it‘s oii|\ l iiiask toi illt' and it

\\|'lll"i .ii '\l\ l".icc'

thin I ll.|\l‘ llii Iiiics \iiii i in
Iiilloti t~ sltt‘ll‘ toi ii's I1|Il\ i
p.iil 'llll tlii- \\llt|lt' ‘ He gets
fiiiiii\ in "Month to Month lll’\l|\

i'iliilioii' .iiid ll‘t'lllllllll'llth H .is
tlii-riipy toi the country

ll.iitlord iiisliiii‘l -|llll
ltlH‘ .is he ‘vllllltla sllgllll\’ iii .iWc ot
life His ll'iii'il .llinii's ine \llll|)l\’
human. and though the\
mch far, they do touch

lives on

don't

latin Weekend "971 Salio cliévere

By Bruce Baln

Such was the case this past weekend as at no other
time in the author’s life has he had a better lesson in
crowd experiences. This “Anglo” can speak from
the bottom of his heart when he savs that no other
ethnic community, at least on thi campus, knows
how to better generate energy, spirit and fun for
each other and for the occasion as the Puerto Ricans
did this weekend. Tiiking me in for this three-day
stretch virtually as one of their own, I appreciated
all the beauty and depth of their culture iind living
experience. The whole ctiltural “happening” began
on Friday night at lt) p.m. and at that time things
really started to “smoke“—l mean people began to
enjoy themselvus immediately and didn’t stop until
the coil of the evening 'l‘hings kicked off musically
With the superb efforts of Tony Pabon and "lai
l’i‘olc' a" who did a line Latin—jazz Version ot “My
l“avoritc 'l'hings", an old t‘oltrane standard, 'l‘lic
pieci- began as a study in llcrbic Mann but. towards
the middle of the number cnlct‘cd the Spanish
bullring; heavy Latino percussion,
cliarging-stomping horns, and all with Pabon, the
chief matador. playing on a (.iillespiesh “up-horn."
The second plL'CL‘, “Nanna Scra", turned most iif the
cvnning into a demonstration of Cuban influcticcs

 

 

on Latin sounds.
The singing as usual in any Latin combo was
inspired enough to have a I‘crooning” cl'fcct. What

 

Cuto- Pallet-vi

Trekking The New Miles

by Steve Aniinoff

When they used to introduce a new album by
Miles Davis with the seemingly pretentious logo of
“New Directions in Music." of music at Columbia

are playing with a genuine idcii.

Miles is the mini whose trumpet. has

background music to a serious livtng.

ctitity llis clean.

 

lttick

Miles is investigating a concept which has llt‘t‘ll
attempted in other forms. It is. very simply. thc
fusion of rock and Jill]. utto an organic compound
liiutatoi's of the big liiiiid sound; like BSik'l'. l'hi

 

single
haiidcdly played a greater role in the development
iif contemporary Jazz from its function tis party
breathing .
'sp sound introduced the vast
minority of the Jazz consuming public to a style
known as the “cool'.” and now. at age lb. is helping
to lay the pavcinenl for ii style of music which may
slinkc llll' foundations of t'ontcmporary .la/J. and

especially attracted the crowd's ntlentiﬂn WIIS MI
interesting looking Albino lead singer who re-
sembled Johnny Winter. Thehorns were Comprised
ot a trio of higth competent studio musicians who
became very otter-1m. in the higher ranges of the
trumpet. The depth or them is exemplified in the
higher ranges of the trumpet. The depth of them is
exemplified by Ina fact that Manny Duran, one of
the trumpetei-s. lw presently writing and conducting
for a movie being shot in New York. But What the
audience at tlii~ dance-concert really appreciated
was the conga Work and bongo playing of Benny
Bonilla, flirl‘llt‘l‘h of thin Pete Rodriguez Orchestra.

The crowd lll‘t‘W .ii one point in the night as a bus
load of Plll'fltltltlllt'tl])(}$ arrived from New York
City mid Syl‘ilt'lml'. the growth that took pliicc in
that very i-olin-t tl t‘t‘i‘ninﬂ was in spirit nail inch-
ment as Well .i.» tl' \I/I' And while the energy carried
endlessly to lllt' t'lltl of the evening, certain itlL’ll
points might li:i\- llt‘l‘ll noted such its when 'l‘iiny
[taboo ll'll lhc \Iliulllu and chanting of two i'evrilii-
tioiiary llllll'[)l'lltlt‘llt'l' song “La Lil‘icrlad” and
uBandera". 'l'hi-v ~iii-i-ly inspired me. so I’m sure the
Latin brothers .tlltl asters must have felt pretty
bcaut ifii I.

 

Beginning Satin-nit afternoon’s activities was An-
gclo Morris. .i lllltltl folk singer from L.l.U. who
pos : .i goIdi-ii once and a vibrant twelve-string
L'tiitar Next l'illlll' I man, who made l’ucrtii Rican

 

faces around me tlIllh as though they had just set-n
lhc body of t‘lii-iv they were being inspired by a
freedom fighter, .ii "uland" libcrator and someone
dccply lll\’tll\‘t‘tl ltl illt' struggle for “patria” t falhcr-

land), l’iii-rto ltii-ii. ll \lltnll(l be noted that while I
referred to t'arlin ii'vliciano as a “revolutionary
socialist” in thc l“lltlii\ ctlitioii of the ASP, I learned
at his lt't‘llll’l' Iliai lll' is- actually a “revolutionary
nationalist" t‘arlos aii-iit that particular iftornoon
discussing the ll|\|iil‘\ of thc l’ucrto llicaii indc-
pcndcncc inoVi-mi-iit. After a standing ovation by
thc crowd, ttic filiii ‘t'iilcbran was shown depicting
the struggli- of the inhabitants of thc l’llcrto llican
island of the \itlllt' name against the lioinbiiig of
thcir land liy llll' .\iiii rican imperialist navy

On to the Performing Arts Center and thc “'l‘calro
Dc ()rilla” at 7:30 p in, Presented as three, one—act
plays pcrl‘oriiii-il l)\ .tll ensemble of eight players, it
depicted various .I‘llt't'tS of the Puerto Rican cxv
pericncc. Acts 1 .iiitl ll were introductory studies in
the revolutionary ti-ryor of the Puerto Ric u people
llut Act III w;i~ simply, a triumph, 'l‘liis poctry
recital changed to lllt' haunting beat of conga, left
the audience stiinni-d Again, a standing ovation.

0n Saturdin night. Pablo Ortiz and Orchestra Son
tilled thi- (7,t‘ ballroom with some hot sound. This
same crowd, delighted by a characteristically Ortiz
intro and the appearance of our own Willie Ramirez

 

 

cago. and the tlltl llreiims; tried this using the Jazz
of thirty years ago as its model. Now Miles is
bringing things .i hit more tip-to-date by capping off
work he began some years ago in which he set his
own brand of t-i\.iciiiiis music to a very obvious rock
format. The result is his newly released 1ch double
album “Milt-i; Din-is. Live-Evil."

"Live l'IViI" is .i montage of many things. it is the
ostentatious poiindiiigs of the early acid hands. It is
the quiet, and iiol sit-quiet, fire of Mr. Davis at the
, N,.w1,.,.~i .l.i// festival. It is the Wounded
howlings ot .lll .\|iii'.in experience which must have
had such ii tri-nii-iidclis effect on the artists who are
this album :\Iltl \\'ll|| are thc artists who at different
inni-s t'lllllpl‘lst' Ilii- cuts on this album. The names
read like .i Who» “hoof Music. (hi keyboards We
1”“. “pl-pit- ll.t|li'|ltk. (Thick ('iiri-a, Keith Jarrett.
.loc 7..i\yiiiiil .Illll lli'I'mi-to l" sciial. Wayne Shorter.

 

 

    

sliiirc llll'

tiary lltlt'l/ .tlltl Stiivi- (:ro. man siixo
phoiic woik \itIIlI‘ Mike Henderson and Dave
Holland pl.|\ llti‘ ll-|.\\ lint-s l)riniinii-i-s thick t)i-

JUIHHWHP .iiitl lltll\ t'iilihani :iri- illtll'tl nicely by the
urn/mm I“... “Non \viztidi‘y of Airlo .\lori-ir.i .\nd.

    

iilll' i-l \l‘it'N' L'I' ‘ 'cntls .I\ well .is art-.ii

.liilin

tll l'tllll'rl‘

inlliii-iicm '|ll\ H" illlitar tll the ham .il

Mcl..iiii:ti|iii
siiiiii- iIl xiii p n- c musicians do is llll' \\|lltillt1lll\
i . i  lll‘c swaying in the tune ot .i
. a me of lll|\ album is the il\ nanni-
lllttt‘lltW  it .\\ \\Ill| .itl \yliiili-

,. “cling ot tii-giiiinng or end oii|\

llsl ll*\:slll"~\ “

siniiiiii-i llil‘l
-i.. i: l'llllltli'ltnl"

I‘lll Illl‘. lii

lltt\t‘ll|!'lll troiii tIIlI‘ “.ismigi' to
Ii,, . .inis to l)t' .iii i-swiii'c .lIllltl lllt'
\\‘hii'li htlltl iil .ilisii.ii'l|\
.i‘i- Ihaii i.iiii|i|c aiiiili-ssh Il| .i \\.i\

.i l‘lt'vl iii
.iiiiillii i

I, Mb | lit-s

chain in
things iogeitici
that .i Iiii  ”
tilli- |tl 'i\ it" H'i" l" Htitkc lll|||\:\ Iiiiiii- tllul'\
tibli-

tlni-

:t, \i- id stuff \oii lit-.ii with lllt' l.t||t'\

mm,» .lii- tilium is iioi is iiiiiiit .\lllt'\ tllH"i

not |\l\ toi 'iw‘ “"“""‘ll'itlliiii. lic ilciniiiids ll lli-
chalk-new i-mi "-"’ "’ -| ttitii'iicy With his music it s
It“. Mm.- itiiiii: .iitll much the same personnel. to

folks “h” \.i\\ ‘litll ill our gym last spring. little with

Tony l’abon

on tliiril trinnpct, lit up to the sound just as they
had the tiiglit bcfiirc “\l'oll'gang" Willie promised
that things would bc even better than Friday night
and hi- pi'ovcd that he cotild deliver as ilic drinks
wcrc His hand did a fine iol) of pulling
together some really tlynainitc “charts” that \vcrc
pcrforincd \vilh lhc usual brilliance.

llut the high point in lllt' playing was lllt'
performance of “’l'i-ndcr lawn", a hit single that
appears also on their newly relciscd album. “Son
lios Quc Son”. lli-twocn \l'lS thc
sonic rcciirdctl work by othci' great laitin groups. A
beautiful songstrcss by the natiic of llrcnda ltiibni~
son licltcil out two finc ballads; “If I liVi'r li'all iii
Love” and "This is My World", written and accom-
panied by pianist .iiid fricnil, ltamon (foloii. The
brothers and sisters of Albany (liscchri-d her and
loved her in that they all crowtlcd about her at
piaiiosidc and she should iicvci' forch that fact.

sci‘vcd

crowd took Ill

On Sunday, the "l’ucrlo ltican Sings" rcvu-w was
staged. llcrc was a sample of a well produced laitiii
folk play Depicting typical “island” life by prc-
scaling eight different musical M‘WN'S such as “liifc
in the Country". “llolidiiys atitl ltcligioiis Obser-
vances" and “Pcrla Del t3aribe" the act tlid lack
some synchronisation. But this i-vcntually rcstichd
itself anyway as the show gained momentum

A more beautiful and cohercnt expression of one
community’s culture than Put-rto ltican Happening
Weekend l5l7l this campus has seen, It
remains to be seen what exactly the future will
bring to top it,

llt’Vl‘l"

  

Miles and it It Ici-t lll\l' .| musical I‘tlllt‘l't'tl.i‘-lt‘t

t‘iiiiiiiil llolici’t-. lll‘l|\‘l'l\ lllt‘ last for llllllllll‘s iil

lll|\ album in the twin ol .i ii.iii.iiiiiii.

lllxvull ‘lllslt
\lmiii .r/ Ilii \i/ .l,ll\li
llliii is (tits ’lltlwi ’liiil 'ilni/i ill-si/i/il/ini ll.l\

“‘1”tl.\li/\
t illl I/ii iii Ill/l In It \t'llf't .l
ltl/fltllllfl'\\ viii/sit
a! all liiiii.
.' Ili llt'l/tl\ll/l;‘l\

,liiil\

lli-n lllIiI/l‘ J/lilllliil'tllil
iiiiii' rnnsii .iil Illttlth Iii
I lili'llitlt'll [soon it ll/t'

/tiii-t‘ liiiniiiiiiii

\lilcs llil\‘lh lave liiii Sivad l‘lvil

by Michele Ann Kaiitor

With childhood now behind me,
I was curious as to what right I
might have to criticize thc worth
of children's theatre production.
Howcvcr after seeing the
“SUNYA Children's Theatre
Touring Ensemble." I realize that
either 1 ion capable of rcVerIing to
a child's mentality with case. or
that their play itself appeals- to
ally age group. 1 prcfcr tll course
to liclicvv thc latter. and Judging by
last Sunday afternoon's audience
reaction. it was truly “:igclcss."

|mprovisational thcatn- IS not a
new concept. But inherent in this
method is lhc fact that no two
pi-rforniaiiccs arc identical, each is
new and unique. With ‘ Every
Kind of 'l‘liing” ta ilciiionstraliiin
of theatre). thc audicncc chose
the roles the actors playcd, :\c
cording to the program
“'l'hcrc arc no iiicniorizi-d lines in
our 'l'ht:
know whm liappcns in each sci-iii-
and make up their lines as llll‘\' go
along.‘ This shows tlic .itiia/.iiig
Vcrsatilily I‘t'tltlll‘t‘tl of land ilcli
Vl‘l‘t‘tl by) llll' fotirtccn incnibcrs
of thc company They must lie so
\chI yi-rsctl with the plot aiiil the
roles. that tlicy .trc capalilc of
becoming any of thc characters
With a dcgrcc of facility and con
fidcni-c.

Director Robert Sugarinan and
his cast undoubtedly bail to dc~

 

Iiiitt-s,
pcrforiiiaciii- actors

vote a great deal of time and
effort in order to familiarize
everyone with the goings-on. 11

paid off. llchvcr, I got the ini‘

...satomon

prcssioii that this was a labor of
love for all (Iflllt'nLh’lI‘. Sugarmati.
an audience member himself. was
. entranced as the rest of us.
With each pi-rformancia hi- can set-
thc success of his work with I
dightly differcnt flavor. l’crhaps
tlic gitiiniicks or littliI tcchniilues
and oiic-lincrs' which arc well-
received wttli iinc .iudicncc arc
rctaiiicil for another, litit the mood
is oh 'sncw

After the actors' happy little
warmvup i-Xcrciscs, the "drama'
bcgaii. llascd on a folk talc tpcr-
haps rctninisccnt of the Story
'l'lieatrc as seen on Nlﬁ’l‘ and iii the
New Yurk (‘ity thcalie), the story
was quite simplc. It all revolved
around a boy named Jack and his
liiiplcss efforts to gel ii job and
earn a salary to support his nag-
giiig ycl lovnig mother. llis several
encounters Willi varying cin-
ployers and subsequent funny and
pathetic losses of his wages, form

 

 

 

 
  

lite"

       

basic plot. The same theme is
reiterated many times. with a
farmer, a dairyman, two weird
(,‘hinese bakers, an incredibly ar-
tistic butcher, a mtilc owner, a
grocer. i-tc. until the point is all to
obvious.

Bill l’olchinski of WSUA, coffec-
house, and lndian Quad meal-line
fame. was chosen by the audience
to play our hcro. Jack. lle frolA
ickcd around the stage, guitar in
hand, coming tip with some quick-
wittcd remarks. and generally dc-
lighting cvcryonc. The other part»
icipaiits were as talented. yct space
does not permit ‘rccognition by
name here. 'l‘heir animated antics
were joyous sights. They worked
hard. doing “Land of the
Dragon" on Sunday afternoon.
Any school or child ctire center in
thc Albany area which is lucky
enough to reap the benefits of
their talents is indeed fortunate.

also

The Subjective F ilmgoer

by Robert Veriiii

THE FRENCH (lONNEC'l‘lON
t‘dtlthl has everything going for it:
fine acting, script, direction. ac»
tioii and, suspcnsc‘ﬁti much so
that it becomes not only one of
the finest pictures of the year. but
also the best crime melodrama
since 'l‘llE ASl’llAlJl‘ JUNGLE.
Director William l’ricdkin skillfully
Wcaves ltigethcr the story iif a $32
million shipment of heroin from
Marseilles to New York with an
almost painfully honest look at
the lives iif the plainclothcs narc's
who have to track thc (lope down.
As portrayed superbly by (icnc
lltickman and tiny Scheider,
Detectives Doyle and llussii are
dedicated incn ltl the point of
obsession, doing their iolis as cf
fcctivcly as possible iinilcr the
strains of El hour-atlay tails.
seamy underworld characters.
false leads. aiitl their own pcrsoiial
hangups. At times their methods
may sccni brutal iiidccd. perhaps
they are not bctti-i' than the
"crimmals' they are tracking
down \‘Vhi-rcvcr your synipalhics
lie. your \t'llhl'h and imagination
\\Ill be hooked it“ tlic \yay
:liioiigli this sliinibang,giitsy thril
itlllUllg other things
l'I-.itui’cs .i t'.|| i'hnsc that inakcs
Ilii- tllll' ni lll'l.l,l'l“l' liiiik likc .i
~.ii.iplm\ tlt'lll\ l‘lll'I li'lll-INt'll
t‘()NNl’it"l'l(lN I\ .i iiiiistci'pici'c ol
that can hi-

on, \\'ll|t'll

its gi-iii'i- .ilitl iiiic
.ippii-i-iati-il Iiii its iilc.is .is \chI .is
is i~\cili-iiiciit tiiiolii-nt t.\l Ihc
Ilcllniaiil
it t . v ,

l'lii' i‘iti/i-ns iil \lcw
Ilic tit-\y l‘aralniuinl film .it the
Dclawait- woiilil linvc iis llt'llt'
.iiciiolliing lcss than lll'iSl’l‘illA
t'll:\ll.-\t"l'|'lllS .\s a
'tlrs Sopliic llltitlgi'lt law
\yifi- lloinc llrookhii Wi-
iollow Sophie through typical
Weekend. beginning l"t'Ida\ night

'ioik t'ili

 

i'iisc lII
.iiiiiit

‘l'|\

when a stray cat bitcs her hand.
llcr marriage is slowly expiring.
primarily of boredom; ti six-
month extra-marital affair has just
fizzled out. for the same reason.
l’anhandlers bother her for money
and the neighborhood's ftilliiig

apart. Her husband has just
broken with his long-time law
partner. She 'an no longer
communicate with her closest
friends. A quiet picnic in the
country is destroyed when she

discovers that their summer house
has been ransacked. Through all
this is the ever-present fear that
the cat who hit her may have been
rabid. The combination of major
atid minor mishaps common to
city life constantly threatens to
drive Sophie to the breaking
point.

llcrc, then. is a kind of (MIT-
()lt‘-’l‘()WNEltS golic sour. in his
first film. producer/director/
writcr lt‘rank l). (‘iilroy [of 'l‘llE
Sllllillﬁtl’l‘ WAS ROSES fame) has
taken an interesting idea and tried
to ctngellisli it with some of the
most banal and pretentious (liar
logiic I've heard in years t iiiiplc
"llow arc yoli"" "Fatigucd.
ancmic all the \Vllllllllllls of II'
retricrablc loss And this is sup-
to be light cocktail party

    

posed
i'hattcl'. no lcss
iiiori- .iii nit-pt
itii'i-ctor. tlii-rc's so much lllt'lllllllL'

tiilroy is further

.iiid niaiincri-d

‘css panning, Mi iiitii'h lingering on

iiiiiiniiortaiii tll‘l.l|l that one t' I“
with i|\hllllll‘ lllill lilll'ti\ s \t'l'll
one too iii.iii\ Sidniw l.uiiii-t.

innit-s lll‘Nlllll‘ ,iIl this, there an-
sonic touching and .ichiiigly i'i-.il
which almost \.I\‘t' lllt'
lllt‘tl the ending
.\s the lllodgctts
Sunday

llllllllt'lll\
picture and
comes .-\liiii|itly
ciiler their home
night. the shot fri-iiri-s and. after
the i'i'ciltts. Iil(l('h out We are li-l't
tll lbc dark as to the future ol the
ltlllll‘i‘ of the bus

iat i-

marriage. llll‘

band's Iiiw tom, the result of the

rabies tests—in short, nothing is
resolved. And it is this gimmick
which fatally flaws and cheapens
the picture. Apparently Gilroy
and Paula Fox. author of the
original novel. are implying that
no matter whiit untimely events
occur and no matter how they
turn otit, the “desperate char-
acters" go on living. This is O.K.
as far as it goes. But the substance
of the film has been designed to
win our sympathy for Sophie—we
are supposed to honestly care for
her. And we do [to a point).
Cutting off the story before the
resolution of the conflicts not
only grates against the tenor of
the rest of the film but robs us of
a climax. We feel cheated. and
rightly so: (lilroy has employed the
ultimate ltll'XCllSilllll‘ directorial
cop-tint.

There is something \vorth set-mg.
though. it this unhappy mis»
carriage. mid that is Shirley Mac
laiiiie. who has grown out of her
former pixie-ish. rather shallow
image to become a mature actress
of enormous strength and control.
i\lacl.aine makes Sophie‘s gradual
wearingdowu and her strttgglc
against same enici'gc much more
lit-licvalily than they would have
iii the hands of . acti .
l'hc other pcrfiiriiii‘i's \t'l‘lll one
and .ill totally ciiiliart' ed at the
task of coping \\ itli (lilroy‘s hopc~
Ii-ss dialogue

   

 

t t t t A
REMEMBER..,wM12iTz~/.M; 7 w
. [titted/r; “Mauro/z T .

4t;- wq‘ A IMAM/M
' o4

A; v "PM W In)
er

    

     

.44.

m-..»—

