 

sak
ng.
cad
use
my

 

 

Albany Student Press

Vol. LVlll No 38 State

Day Care Requests
Aid From Council

by Howard Mahler

The University Parents for Day Care, liieorporated requested thirty
two thousand dollars from the Central Council on September 2. t97l
for operating a Day Care Center in the basement of Pierce Hall on
Alumni Quadrangle. The Day Care Center was represented by Peter
Pollak, a graduate student in the Educational Foundations Depart-
ment, ’The (.‘entral Council currently controls an Emergency/
Spending line of approximately thirtyveight thousand dollars.

The requested expenditures include salaries, food, insurance and
supplies Stall salaries would be twelve thousand dollars for a
Director, ten thousand [or a program Director/Certified 'l‘eacher,
eighty-five hundred for an liil'ant Supervisor/Nurse, and six thousand
for a Secretairy/Bookkeeper. Food costs at five dollars per child per
week would total twelve thousand dollars Supplies, equipment,
expenses. and insuranCe total l'oiir thousand dollars, resulting in a
total of sixty thousand dollars. Pollak said that these salaries were set
by the university last year.

The Day (Yare (Teiiter receives lwenty~eight thousand dollars from
parents, l’arent Fees are ten dollars per child per week. If appropriated,
the thirty two thousand dollars Would cher eighty t'lltltlt'l'lt t'or thirty
l'iVe weeks.

l‘lrie Joss attempted to amend the bill'spultsut‘ed by Jack Schwartz
and (lary Carnal, to furnish sevmi thousand dollars for eighteen weeks.
It new sources of l'unds are not found after eighteen weeks, the
Student Association would l'urnisli the remaining appropriation.
However it was noted that it is tlit'l'ieult to hire ii stal‘t' for eighteen
weeks.

Other eouiicilmen proposed salary euls and higher income t'ees from
parents. l’olliik explained at. ii later interview that he could not adhere
to these proposals without consulting the parents in the Day ('are
(loi‘poratioiii l’ollak also noted that parents using the day care center
can not at't'ord increases in lees.

At‘ter much discussion, the (ithttt‘Il agreed to postpone the bill one
Week and to form a committee chaired by 'l'eri'y Wilbert to investigate
other solti‘t‘es ol' funds tor the Day (‘iire (‘eiiter

The committee met on September H. l’ollali, after talking to the
Parents (‘o-op, was prepared to reduce salaries .-\ preliminary estimate
ol' salary cuts is live to six thousand dollars The possibility of loud
cut costs was also announced by l’ollali

continued on page 3

Money Refused

(‘eiitral (Toiiiicil voted, lll‘H'it, on a in” to appropriate $17,tt(tt)
to the Day ('ai'e (‘eiiti-r In order for the hill to have passed ti 2/3
vote was iiee iry [\s’ ii consequence of last night's vote the Day
(Tare (‘enter will reeeiVe no funds from the Student Association.
Disgruntled parents let‘t last. night‘s Central Council meeting
chanting. .

Returning to school,
unusual.

University of New York at Albany

Friday, September 10,1971

The bill to fund the Day Care Center was defeated last night at Central Council. Peter I’ollak. spokesman
for the Day (‘arc group is tliiid from the right,

.ItSl’ l’lii ito/Siiiiliioitr

Changes Appear Imminent
For 5/ U Grading System

Iiy \’iel\i /.eltlill

/\ iiianilatoi'y Satisfactory/l'iis.itist’.iclory grading system tor .ill liresliiiii-ii .ind sophomores was passed

two years ago by the

University Heiiate ;\ laeet ol' the hill called for continuing review of the system.

Now, two years later stilttt' proposals t'or change are beginning to talie shape.

Iaisl year the ('omtiiittee on Academic Standing ot' the Undergraduate Academic (‘ouncil allowed those
students in preineilical programs an automatic exception to S/U grading upon receipt ot' a letter of
petition. Some lllt‘tllt‘ttl selloiils‘ had indicated that without supplementary information to S/U grades. at
studeiit'. admission might be adversely affected. Last year 221i petitions for A»l£ grading were apprOVed by
the committee. ()l' the ""‘l exemptions, It) were granted for other than premedieal reasons.

This summer and tall students under S/U grading Were informed by ltobert B. Morris, dean of
undergraduate studies, that they had the right to petition For grades regardless ot‘ whether or not they

one sees old friends. new profs, and long lilies. A wait of ti few hours Wits not

.Atsl' I'lioIo/t ‘liiiu'

were preniedieal students. This action was taken as tl result of
considerable discussion ot' the grading policy during the Summer
l’taiiiiiiig t‘oiit'ereiiee. During the summer it hail originally been
announced tlial no eXeniptIoiis to S/U grading would be granted This
was the result ot‘ a decision reached by the (‘oniinittee on Academic
Standing this past spring lIoWi-ver, since “some students planning to
enter Albany as l'reshtiieii iii the tall ot' lll7l believed that they might
be able to receiVe A-E grading." they were advised on July 26 and
August '37 of their perogatiye to petition by the ()l'l'it'e ot' Undergrad-
uate Studies. Michael H. Fret-diiiiiii. assistant dean of undergraduate
studies stated that this action was merely a wiil't’lnnation ol' the right
ot' eVery student to petition for grades On August 21 the Uiidergrud‘
uate Academic ('ouiieil granted the requests o1~ ItiH petitioners for
A I‘l grading for this tall seiiii-ster. The vast majority of the students
petitioning were in premetlieiil training. Students Were further
int‘ornn-(l that all petitions for letter grading had to be submitted for
eoiisidei‘ation by September 8. The committee has received 367
additional petitions since August “it.

This summer t‘resliinan applicants who were granted admission but
chose not to attend Albany were sent an ll point questionnaire. The
iiiteiil of the survey was to determine why students had chosen not to
iitteiid Albiinyi ()t~ the 2,-ttil questionnaires sent out 1.563 or 62.7%
Were returned. lti.ti"l« ol' the respondents reported that S/U grading
was a factor iii their deciding not to come to Albany.

Wliiit Albany presently has is ii iiiiiiulatory S/U grading system for all
t‘reshiiien and sophomores with some exceptions. AlteriiiitiVes to this
iirrniigeiiieiil are being explored. One possibility is the establishment
of an ()l'fice ot' Evaluation which would offer a student credit by
exniiiiiiiitioii. This proposal was approVed by the Academic Council
and is currently in other committees. SeVei'nl proposals to allow ttll
undergraduate students tll Albany to be graded ouch senimter on
either S/U or AvE basis have been developed. The student. would be
able to elect his grading method on it seiiiesterty basis under thistptim.

continued on page 2

 

