 

 

 

 

  

 pol/rick

Albany Graduates Find Jobs

mtitintied from page]
field. One is reportedly selling
insurance. while a few others are
teaching at nearby hiin schools,
Poland indicates that the outlook
for next year is even worse.
Warren Haynes. Dean of the
School of Business, says that
business sttideiits have not en
countered any serious difficulty iti
lti spite of the re
graduates

finding iohs
cession. demand for
With a masters degree tn Business
remains high, particularly to Up
state New York. IIaynes added
that he hllt‘w of no students who
haven‘t been able to find em»
plnynient in his field

There are about two hundred
students working inward a masters
degree in English. and about Eli".

of them are also working on
teacher certification and will be
plaL‘ed by the teacher placement
service. On the PhD. level. fifty
students are presently working
toward degrees Of these, sixteen
have completed all requtretiiettts
except their dissertations. and
iweniy'titne of them are em
ployed as teachers Robert
Donovan. who is in charge Hf
gradttate study for the depart
nieiit. remarks tlial. “Statistically.
this is pretty good. bill I don't
want to suggest that there is no
difﬁculty tn finding tobs." He goes
on to say that there is definiter a
shortage of tolls. but that "this
shortage is often exaggetated"
Last year. eight students gratin
.iletl from the department with

 

F

 

Tuesday’s
Journalism Workshop

is cancelled

6M: Cunning/rant will not appear
buam Tuesday i: Election Day.

 

 

 

8pm

 

Ph.D.‘s. and all of them are now
employed tti teaching potions.
Most of them. Donovan . ys. are
assistant or associate professors at
such colleges as t‘larkson. Skid-
more. SUt‘ ieneseo and SUC
Potsdam

All iii all. the employment sitti-
.itton for SUN . graduate
students is excellent. Iii depart»
iiicnts where government cutbacks
means less employment of
graduates. difficulties are bound
to arise. However. iii other de-
partments. the recent sltiggisliness
of the economy does not seem to
have affected SUNYA graduates
seeking ctiiploymeiii

Nutrition Course

.-\ course in Family and t‘ommu-
nity Nutrition Will be offered for
the first time during spring semes»
ter It is .i .l-hotir course open to
all undergraduates Enrollment
will be litntted to do students in
order to pertiitt discussion of cur

 

 

rent de\elopme:‘.ts ii lllliflilt‘l‘t
Topics will include hunger and
malnutrition. obesity. maternal
and child nutrition. health foods
and nthet topics to be determined
in the class Discussion wtll deal
with community responsibility iii
improving nutrition and the use of
community resources in bringing
this nhniii

The course i.\'tii

  

duh-d f Th l n 5 on. BA l‘l‘.‘
Dons Moldolf. Assistant I‘ro
fessot. “ill It‘.i\‘ll the course

IN CONCERT
Friday, October 29''1

Campus Center Ballroom

" with student tax card
$2.50 without tax card

ﬂ'lhl is sche-

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1971

Peace Corps, Vista
Unite at SUNYA

For the first time, representatives of Peace Corps
ittid VISTA will be on the SUNY Albany campus
together to discuss their programs with potential
applicants on November I and 2.

Both Peace Corps and VISTA are now part of a
new agency called ACTION and joint recruiting is

one of the most visible effects of the merger.

“VISTA and Peace Corps are still tlte same.

observth Seth Kurn. former Peace Corps Volun-
teer," and they will retain their own identities.

()ii the SUNY Albany campus. the VISTA and
Peace (‘orps reps are especially interesch in speak.

tag to nurses, business majors. math and science

majors. although people with other skill

grounds can also apply.

hat-lt-

According to one former Peace (‘orps Volunii-t-r.
Ginger Betman, SUNY Albany has been a hiin
producer of volunteers for both VISTA and Peact
Corps in the past. “Still. most of these applications
come in through tltc mail and not at the recruiting
table. We're hoping to change that this year since
we'll be located near the flow of student traffic."

Kurn and Getman will be on campus Monday and

Tuesday, November 1 and

'7 at a booth in the

campus center from 9 to 5 on both days. Informal

interviews will

be conducted at the Placement

Office from t to F7 on both days also.

N0 Postal Rate Hike
Expected Before July

The Post Office Department
confirmed that it will not be
proposing any new rate increases
"before July I." This discredits a
published report that new rate
proposals would be submitted to
the postal rate commission after
January 1, 1972.

The service had proposer] to
ratse third class rates over a five-
year period. but now seeks to put
the increase itito effect in one step
because (‘ongress failed to provide
funds to offset the loss of
reieiitte.

Postal officials said they still
plan to go ahead with fttrther
increases in third cl: s rates. citr-
rently before the postal rate comv
mission. as soon as the Cost of
Lmng t‘ottncil lifts the present
price freeze

 

W

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

w v v v v v v . v v v v.v.v.v. p.4m A A - 3r: .YW - . _ - - .v 35".V7 .V.VI.’.V.’.V.Y.Y.V.V.V.W. .v.v.v_v_vy_v.v.v,vj_v_v,_v_v,,”,,_y_
----.----.------------ A ‘.....‘..AAAAAAAAA AAA AA A AAAAAA‘..A..AA-AJ

The Direct Mail Advertising
Association has filed fora de
claratory judgment in federal dis
trici court iii \‘l'ashington. I),t‘. tti
preparation toward fighting the
oncvstep increase in the event the
Postal Service seeks to impose It

Social Studies
To Contin ue

by George tulip

The rumor that the Social Sin
(Iics dcpai‘tt‘iit-iit is plittiiiitigI to
drop the Social Studies Education
Major program here ne\t \t'ntt'sli‘t‘
is no more than that [luring A
phone coii\er.~ititon. Dr ll.ut\
Price. Director of the Social Stu
dies Department. assured lllts tI‘
porter that plans are being ill»
cussed to changi- the department
not to eliminate it Pine ntltl that
these changes \ioitltl he oi .l min-ii
nature dealing \iiih tli‘ti'llll‘.il Iii
lion mailers .tlltI .. currenth in
the llt't‘lllilltl.tl'_\ s :L't‘s Iritittiitv
I’ttcr indicated that .ill\

Intlrl‘

such changes would \l't'Jli‘ inun-
Teacher Education (in: those slit
dents iii ilie program

'ﬂf‘l

taria'gk

 
   
 

THE
GREEN ET 8

 

we're MD ll‘. 1 steam to

 

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE '3

 

Recycling Project
Begins At State

by Linda Mulg

A campaign to recycle metal cans has been instituted on State Quad.
This experimental program involves the collection of metal cans and
scrap metal by two methods. Cardboard cartons havo been placed in
the lounges of three of State Quad's foitr low-rise dorms In the fourth
dorm lobby. and on every fourth floor of Eastman Towor, including
the lobby and the Penthouse. there are 55-gallon drums for the
collection of cans. Volunteers will collect. clean, and flatten the :2th
collected each week and then send them to the (‘oiittnental (tan
(‘ompany for recycling

The cit-directors of the project are llat‘old Klein and Annmarie
Lombardi. Klein spoke of this effort as the one last attempt at
recycling on the SUNYA campus, According to Klein. “Many
attempts have been made iii the past bitt they all failed because the
proper groundwork had itot been laid." He explained that thit
particular project had come out of the work of several utidergraduatet
iii the “Man Against Ilis Environment" course. Klein added that tliit
project has had foitr or five months of planning and work. and sale
that if this attempt fails, it will probably mean the end of any fitrthei
recycling drives on the SUNYA campus fora long time.

Receptacles for the collection of cans have been placed only on
State Quad because of a lack of money with which to bity containers
for the other quads. The containers on State were provided with the
help of the Protect Your Environment (‘lub arid the Pepsi-Cola
Company. If the project succeeds on State. it may become financially
feasible toexpand it to all the quads atid to the academic podium and
possibly to expand the program to include the collection of glass and
pa, er.

The project, which began Tuesday. will last approximately one
month. Success depends upon the number of cans collected and the
condition of the collection containers at the end of the one-month
experimental period. The promoters of the program cattnol afford to
replace the receptacles in State; if the cartons are destroyed or
misused or filled with garbage. the project will be forced to an end.

Klein urges all members of the university community to help with
the recycling driec by saving all metal cans aiirl scrap metal and
bringing them to State Quad. He also asks everyone to help keep the
receptttbles iii good condition.

Volutitt- 're always llt't'llt‘tl, If you're interested. contact Ilarold
Klein at Tr-ltl‘lil and saw cans!

 

 

Next Tuesday: Nov. 9

Capitol Correspondent for

Newsday

JON MARGOLIS

will speak on objectivity

Ila 129 at 8 pm

 

 

 

 

vi.

 

State Quadrangle is the cite of a recent project to recycle metal cans. Co-directors have described this
campaign as one last attempt at recycling on the SUNYA ‘ampus.

...[m/lrlck

Promotion, Tenure Denied
To History Prof. Goodman

by Vicki Zelditi

I)r. I)'l\’l(I M. (ioodinati, assist
aiil prol ssor Uf history. has been
denied promotion atitl tenure by
his department.

Goodman. who has been with
the department since 1967. was
denied [crime on the grounds tlial
his “ability as it scholar is dcfi
tlial his mastery ol
continuing

 

 

cit-til. and
sllIIjt't'l matter and
growth are tptesttonahle."
itig to :i It'lll‘l ll'tllll acting tit-part
Iiieiil ehatriiiaii Ilicliartl Kendall
lti associate .\i'l> .iiitl Ht'it'iit'i-s'
(Il‘illl, I’atil \\Ill‘t‘lt*|‘

tioodinaii. :ttttlior til .\ ll‘i'stt'r/t
I’itttoi'imitt llfllili) illltl .Il'lltllltl
t)iI\'s-st'_\ tltt7ti). pointed to tilt
nit-rolls favorable professional l’t'
views of his lioiilts iii t't-Iiitittiig the
department's charge that they
were not "significant works of
scholarship." The professor stated
that a reason for this charge was
that “I do tiol subscribi- to one
particular method of writing Itlh'
tiiry. I have been accused of being

act-t )I'fI'

a narrative historian rather than
an interpretive one." Goodman
tell that this charge was ttot suffi-
cient to invalidate the worth of
his Work and stated. “The itniver~
sity does not stand for a mono
Iitlite point of View. All types of
presentations should he repre-
settled." He also ciled the fact
that many of those who voted on
his tenure request are I‘ltll'ltlll'illl
historians while his lit-Id is. lIlt'
American West. “There is. no
sympathy tit feeling for my fil'ItI
among IIlt' I'Iitt'opeaii historians."
ht- \Iillt'tl
lltllll'tl \thethet' ilepai'tiiit-iit llll'lll‘
iii Ills specialized field
were more t'ttlllllt‘lt‘lll than ex-

(ioodtnaii also (illl'h‘
hers titil

pet-ts Ill his field to evaluate his
publications.

Another set of factors cotilrthut
mg to his failure to receive tenure
are political in nature according to
(loodmaii. He spoke of ititradc-
pai‘liiictital politics as a delct'tniii-
tiig factor iii his tciiitre denial.
tlitiiiining up, (ioodtuan stated
that Iiolli “political aiitl personal
ttiitiiiosttit-s" within the depart

 

Palace

$3 with student tax and ID

Perception’s recording artist and SUNYA’s very own

 Jethro Tull

john

Theatre

Thursday, November 4 at 8 pm

$6 Without (ttﬂlvelSlly ID 0t proof of 18 tequtied)

buses will run from the circle to the Palace and back to campus after the show

tickets go on sale Monday, Nov. I on the CC balcony

plus

simson

 

ment contributed to the outcome
of the continuing appointment
vote.

A new university policy requires
administering student surveys in
the classes of those professors tip
for tenure or promotion. The His-
tory Student's Association with
the aid of the department sur-
veyed eight profcsstii's' courses,
including Goodman's uIlistory of
the American West." in early
October, The results on (itttNI'
man's tt-itchtiig. according to
Larry I‘Iitel from the Asstit‘iii oil,
"were very good." From thi class
of some .‘ltltl students. responses
were received from about .Etltl.

(Ioodniaii. who is IUI'I‘t'llII)’
teaching two classes with enroll-
ments of more than :ltltl students.
stressed what he felt was the basic
principle involved iii IIH' tenure
issue. According lit the professor
the uiitvursity must strive for ex
cellctice iii teaching, and he feels
that if his students considered his
teaching good then the university
should retain him.

It was another new itiiIVcrsity
policy that allowed Goodman to
apply for tenure and promotion iii
the first place llis tenure was not
tIltl' fora vote ttiittl next year Iiitt
professors .lI'I' now allowed to
seek “more or promotion when-
ewr they want to apply. Indica-
ttoiis from the state are that more
education ('tllvlltlt'lis are coming
and one area that Will he Iitt littt'd
will he tttitentti‘etl It‘ilt‘llt’l's

 

 

Birth Flight

I‘illl'l'IIH‘ .tlleitiattte to .ilimtuin
Non pi'tilil.
litlll tleittoiitnatitiii.i|
Iiee no chain:-

'l: iii... ni-i-it

 

It i.‘lF‘ ,’-vi ill I

 

   
  
  

‘leitiltmt'
III ll'»l -I‘lt ltii‘
Ilill...ilil
l|.lii Ili‘ I

\‘I‘rl I mm.

M

“MINI-At Armed
u...- ,-..... ,.. u. uh

 

 

 

 

 

