 

(v
i
f
f
i
t
i
l
.l
P
Q.

r. «,4

 

<r~.- .t-- ,. AAA.,~.._Am-s|~

 

 

 

   

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

4 SUNYA Students Plan

by Glenn von' Nostitz

Four SUNYA students, Mark
Metzger, Gary Marshall, Larry
Sterling, and Bill Waliens, went
hiking on Mt. Marcy this fall and
found erosion, litter, and alot of
people. They decided to take
some action to stop this ecological
destruction of the “wilderness”
area around Marcy.

All four of the students are
enrolled in the popular Environ-
mental Forum course which
taught by Louis lsmay. One of the
requirements for the course is that
students complete a project re-
lated to the environment.
Metzger, Marshall, Sterling, and
Wallens chose to organize and
effort aimed at restoring the
mountain trails to the condition
they were in before the great
inﬂux of hikers and “nature lov—
ers."

They ﬁrst made a careful assess-
ment of the damage that had been
done. Most obvious was severe
trail erosion, litter in the form of
cans, gum and cigarette wrappers,
inadequately marked trails, and
mutilated trees.

Included among their plans is
the clearing of new trails, pro-
vision for better and more con-
venient trash disposal, removal of
garbage, and the institution of a
"Pilot Project" limiting the num-
her of people using the trails at
any given time. It is hoped that
the State Environmental Conser-
vation Department will supply the
necessary equipment.

Already the students have
cleared litter off the trails and
have talked to ofﬁcials at the
Conservation Deparlmcnl about
Stale cooperation with their cf-
fort. Marshall claimed that “the
State is |0l)% behind us.“

The main work is not expected
to begin until late April when all

To Restore Mt. Marcy

the snow has malted. Until that tional Guard troops were used in
time. they Will be Workiﬂli 0“ the Westchester earlier this year to
organizational apects of the pro- dean “ppm” and empty lots,
lect- Silldenls Willan 30 work 0“ It is hoped that this project is
the trails must be found, and it is only a beginning, and that it will
hoped that some of them would "snowball" into n state-wid. of.
continue to work in the summer. fort to restore a" of the Miran.
Among the“ more ambitious Pw' ducks. Indeed, something must be
POSBIB is to haVe National Guard done soon before the Adirondacks
troops help With the Prolecb N‘“ are trampled into oblivion.

No Money Seen for
Environment Studies

by Bob Mayer

Environmental Studies was the topic at the Campus Forum
Wednesday. President Benezet indicated that there were many
students, administrators and faculty who have been attempting to bring
about an effective department in Environmental Studies that would
offer students a career sequence in this area. Benezet maintained that
there were at present numerous proposals before several agencies
including the National Science Foundation with requests for aid.

One of the problems cited was competition for attention,
noting that many institutions of higher learning are presently engaged
in developing or attempting to develop courses in environmental
studies. He added that with the nation, "battered by the economic
reverses of the times” no new money was on hand for creation of new
courses. The president hinted that one of the reasons Albany State
may be deprived of a department in environmental studies was
because we applied too late.

Dr. Bulger, professor of Educational Administration, was also
present at the meeting. As coordinator of the environmental studies
steering committee, his objective is to attempt to institute new
courses in that ﬁeld. He claimed that there was wide support among
Vice President of Academic Affairs Sirotkin and the Dean of the
College of Arts and Sciences, Hunsberger, and his associates. Dr.
Bulger indicated that as of next Full, new courses will be available to
students. These courses might be offered by various departments but
will still be under the heading of environmental studies. Slated for the
coming Spring semester are several' A&S 300 courses involving
independent study.

President Benczet opened a questioning period by asking Dr. Bulger
if there might be a major sequence in Environmental Studies..Bulgcr
replied [but while he has heard it discussed in some committee
hearings, it was not an early prospect. The committee at present is
attempting to pull resources togetlier,; howeVer, there is no depart-
ment on environmental studies yet. Benezet said, "we have been
denied any new resources. Money for environmental studies has not
been put in the budget. We have been denied the chzmce lo bon'ow money
from other departments because they too are limited in lunds." He
added that, “this is the mountain We are trying to climb."

It was proposed that a special publication he made that lists courses
that are truly germaine to environmental studies.

 

 

 

The ﬁrst

malt 
good enough
to be called
BUDWEISERW

ANMIUSﬂ-IUSCM. INC. - ﬂ. LOUIS

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘- I - ' I srj- '
President Benezet said that little money will be available for

environmental studies in the forseeable future; competition for funds

is so keen that aid for SUNYA’s hard pressed program is doubtful.

...cliow

Senia To Take ASP

In New Directions

by Glenn von Nostiiz

Al Senia has been elected Editor-in-Chief of the [ISI’ for l07‘.’..Scni:i.
a junior, plans to take the ASP in new directions in the coming year,
and has many innovative ideas which he hopes to implement upon
taking offica after the semester break.

Senia has had considerable experience‘rin newspaper work. He l'nwl
began writing for the ASP in his freshman year, and was the Associnu-
News Editor inSpring, |970. During the first semester of his sophomore
year Senia was Features Editor for the paper, bill left the ASI’ in an
official capacity and was appointed Political and Social l’nsilnnn
Chairman of the University Central Council. This year, SA President
Lampert appointed him Political Coordinator, and he was charged
with arranging political speakers and programs, Throughout llii.\ llIIll'
Senia continued to write for the ASP.

Senia has also written for the Washing/on Par/r Spirit and Alli'rimliw
Features Service. He said that he has always given journalism unit
first priority, and that “I‘ve always enjoyed writing."

Referring to his conception of what a student newspaper is, Senia
quotes one famous personage who said that, “Revolution begins lll iln-
consciousness of man," which, Senia explains, means lhai “ll papri
should be concerned with changing people's social :nid polilicnl
consciousness through the analyzing of complex issues.“ He lll‘lli".i>s_
rurthcrmorc, that a student newspaper should pi'i-seiil Iiolh Sitlcx o: no
issue and should be free from any outside pressures and biases.

Under Seiiia's leadership, ASI’ readers should begin to \l'l' iii-m-
in-depth investigations, which lllt' III‘W Editor says are “heiim lll.ili
superficial reporting,” adding that, “We have the ’l'nnmr ’I‘rilnun llil
that." In addition, he fer-ls lhal an important part of llic .l~\'l"\ loll
will he to carry more off-campus news, but without iii-glecling camp ix
chnls. “We must get away from an ivory tower posiiion," In‘
comments, “and come iiilo more contact With the community."

Among other changes in the ASP staff are: ‘

'Vicki Zeldin, News Editor, will become the .~\Sl”s It‘ulslullir
correspondent at the State Capitol.

“Maida ()riiighcr, presently Associate News h‘dilor. Will ln-ronn
News Editor.

'(ilclin von Nostitz is slated to become Associate Neyvs l‘:(llllii‘.

wBob Mayer, presuntly wire services cdilor, \Vill fill llll' n '\\.l\
created post of Off-Campus News Editor,

~Suc Piilliis, presently Graffiti Editor, Will become t'lllltll' ol' Iln-
editorial page.

--\Viirrcii Wishert will assume the post of Production Manager.

~Dan Williams has been named ’l'cchnicul l‘lililnr.

"Mil" Abbey, Associate Sports Editor Will becomi- Splil'l\ l‘iiliim

"Dan Ross will become Al' Copy Edilor.

 

 

Photographers:

Have a picture you think
is worth having in the year—
book? Submit it. It may be
published and you may be
paid!

for more information call:

Ron Simmons
7-2l l6 7-8884

 

 

(b & w picture preferred, larger than 51$

 

   

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10. 1971

  
   

Joseph Scaring, Director of the Off-Campus Housing office reported
that there is a critical shortage of off-campus housing convenient to
[he university. With spiraling costs. it is highly doubtful that anymore
will he built.

,.poll(i('/.‘

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 3

Scaring Reports Critical Lack
Of Off-Campus Housing

by Eddy Trink

[f you are a student looking for
off-campus housing for the com-
ing semester, and are having
trouble finding an apartment that
is both convenient and cheap,
chances are that you will probably
haVe to settle for something much
less than you had expected. This
fact, along with other bits of
depressing information, was re-
vealed in-nn interview with Mr.
Joseph Scaring, director of the
Off-Campus Housing Office.

Acting as ll “middle man" be-
tween landlords aiid students, the
OCHO actively lilies up possible
apartments in the Albany area,
compiles a list of them, and [hen
offers this list for use by the
student body. The student must
then gel in contact with [he lami-
lord and work out the specifics
himself, The OCllO supplies ad-
vice and in cases of cxlrcinc (lif-
l‘icully, will go to great lenglhs to
acquire a suitable aparimcnl for a
needy student. In the majority of
cases, liUWt'Vt‘l’, lhc sludenl musl

Arts & Sciences Council Formed
After Two Year Deliberation

by (lulldu wcmhcrg Arls and Sciences into three
"University governance is a very schools. The decision was made
confused siluiilioii these days," lzile last wniler for lhc college to
says Dr. Kendall A. Biri' of [he continue as one entity. The by-
Amcrciim Sliidies Dcpnrliiicnl laws were finally approved by [he
()llt‘ of these confusions is the faculty in a referendum lasl May.
('ollcgc of Arts and Sciences liirr nolcd llial llic bylaws p'.
('ouncil. [ts nal tire and purposi- \Vcrc wrillcn two years ago.
The hy~IaWs provide for a coun-

 

7
7

has been a niyslery in many.

()vei' llie j . . l five or six years all t'il lo act as a govvriiing body. The
of the lliiivi-rsily colleges and council is to he made up of the
\chools liavv developed their own Dean and Assislanl l)c:nis, three
by laws determining how they members elected at large from llic
New in be governed, According lo facully of each ilivision, one couii
Iiirr, llil- (‘olll-gc of Arls and selor from each department illn-
Hl'll'llf'lN \\'.'l\ rclnlively \lliW in larger departmcnls Will he allowed
doing lhis, lii lhc full of liliiil .. iu‘o iiiciiihersi. llllil‘ elm-led
division \\|lli||l lllt' ('lllIl‘L‘l'l'll‘l‘ll'll lllllll'l‘l-ll'llll‘lill" ‘ll'fll'm‘. illlfl \IX
I't'|l|’|'.\’l‘lll;lll\'l‘\ lo llll' by l:i\\'.\ grnlluulc allllll‘iilx The original
by Luvs (‘Ulilliilllcl' IlillI i-s'ab
l|\lll‘ll the principle of slilili-iil

 

l'lllillllllll'i' which llit‘l in January
and l’ebrunry ol l'l’i‘il The by
laws were iiol \l'l‘llillsl)‘ consult-red membership llowcrcr, ilii-y did
in the \l)l'|liu of lilTl) lll'l‘iltlsl‘ of not «Islablish how lhi- ,sllllll‘lll\
l'.‘llll[)ll.\ disruplioii. In lIIl' fall of \veri- in he ell-civil or which \lll'
lliiil year, the bylaws were iinl deiils would be eligible lo serve on
iiiiiiiedialcly discussed because of llit' council. I‘lll‘t‘lllllih are current
proposals lo divide llic College of ly being held III the (‘ziinpus ('en»

Saturday, Dec. lllli
7:30 84 9:30 pm
Sunday, Dec. 12th
7:30 pm.,.in LC 18

 

lei' and members of lhe council
should be announced after the Isl
of lliiI year.

The main functions of die eoiin
cil are In lake over dulies ilinl
Were l'oriiicrly performed by lhe
individual schools. 'i‘hesl- I’uiic
lions lllt‘llllll' the foi'iiinlion
personnel committee ihnl \Vlll
[ilziy ii large role in ll-iiiii'c iiiid

promotion (Ii-visions, and a cur
riculuiii coininilli-l- The council
also has llll' powoi to .ll‘l'l‘lll.

t'llllllllllt‘tl on page I‘)

do all of the work with the OCHO
supplying only the housing oppor-
tunities.

However, the apparent simpli-
city of renting a decent room in
the Capitol District is not all that
easy. Most students are looking
for a clean and convenient (not
necessarily in that order) apart-
ment. Sincu a great many do not
hare cars, the students require
rooms within an accessable dis-
tance to the campus, more speci-
fically along the SUNYA bus
routes. As a result, the majority of
SUNYA students living off-
campus are located around lhe
Washington Park and downtown
campus areas. A soon to be pub-
lished survuy of SUNYA students
living ol'llcainpus reveals the fact
that housing in lln-s- locations is
not available in sufl nl quini-
lilies to niecl IIII' increasing de-
inaiid.

There are other obstacles facing
the prospective i'eiilcr. According
lo a reccnlly published reporl
eiililled "Basic llousing Require-
ments and liivunlory -> Albany
(‘oiinly, l‘.l7l." llii- vacancy rate
in llic (liipilnl Districi is 2.7 per-
ceiil as compared to n more ideal
and recommended rule of rl pcr-
l‘i‘lll, (‘onipclilioii heiwveii
SllNYA siudi-nls and the sliidciils
of olher lllllVl'l'. tics, colleges and
medical schools in lhe area is
lu-l-ii. as all of ll'll' Iiesl apartments
are occupied immediately after
ihi-y .‘II‘t‘ offered for l'l‘lil. 'l‘hcre
are some l,lltltl SUNYA silldi'liis
.nid thousands of Ulllt'l' students
and iion-sliidenl families colli-
Ill‘ling for :i llllllll‘tl number of

 

  

housing uiiils. 'l'o lop lhis all off,
llie construction of the South
Mall eliminach ihri-e limes as
many housing units as il replaced.

The follow» i.» even more blc'il . A
proposed :irIi-riul highway from
the rivorl'roiil llii'nugh llll' South

 

   

Mall, if ratiﬁed by the Legislature.
will eliminate a large number of
housing units in the Washington
Park area where a great many
SUNYA students now dwell. Even
more menacing is the fact that
student population at SUNYA
practically tripled in the last ten
years and is expected to increase
by 7000 in the next five years.
According to the previously men-
tioned report on housing in the
Capital District, 5500 units must
be buill in the next decade to
barely accommodate this rapidly
increasing student need. However,
the ever spiraling costs of land and
construction has made it practical-
ly impossible of private industry
to meet the future requirements
for living accomodations.

Scaring (lid offer one possibility
which could alleviate the situa-
lioii. He proposes thal the State
Governmcnl take the initiative
and spur industry to build the
badly needed housing units.
Scaring added that there could be
one hitch which would prevent
the State Legislature from taking
lhis type of action. Large units of
housing inhabited by students in-
creases studenl residency in the
Albany locale, and increased slu-
dcnl residency means more slu-
(lciil votes in local elections.
There is a grcul possibilin llial
non-siudcnl voters and a few local
politicians would be very hesitant
to create the beginnings of a
student voting block in the Capi-
lal District. 'l‘bcrefore, the build-
ing of [hose 550i) needed housing
units hinges on the politics of the
coming year ii‘urlhcrinore, as of
Ibis lime, lhcrc is no orgiini'Lcd or
prominent movement to alei'l the
public to [his dire need for stu-
dcnl housing. These last two facts
make lhc prospc '. for increased
housing opporluiiitics in llic fu-
lure vcry bleak, indccd.

 

TXO Helps Underprivileged Children

by Ron Harding.I

l)n Wednesday llel'ciiilier S,
'l‘lil-ln Xi ()nicgii ll.ill'l'|i|l_\' spoil
wred :i l‘lirisliiins purl) I'or l7
iiiidcrpru‘ilegcd l'irsi and second
graders I'roiii Albany's impover-
ished South l‘ilitl area The child-
l'i‘ll illll'llll SI .liiliii's School in
Ilic South l‘llltl

The Rolling Stones

GIMME
SHE'JEF

 

The children were brought. via a
I)ll.\ doiiiilcd by [he lliiiversily. lo
lhe ('uiiipus l‘eiili-r Assembly
Hall 'l'lil-re llicy were greeted by
members of llie campus sororities
and 'l'hcla Xi ()mega fraternity.
Iiel'rcsliinenls were served to the
children and soon lhc appearance
of Santa ('laus, Jimmy Brown of
'I‘XO, capliu'ed the attention of all

$1 with tax & ID
$1.50 without
TICKETS: Friday
10-3 in CC Lobby

[he children. Sanla iialiirnlly car-
ried his bag of toys and these.
Iogelhei' \i‘illi llie loy.» lhiil were
already placed under the lwo
(‘hrislmas trees sci up in lhc
Assembly Hall, were distributed
to lhe children.

Unfortunately for many of these
children these few loys will be the
only gifts they will receive this
t‘hrislmas. 'I'hc toys were donated
by area merchants including
h‘lonlgomcry Wards. \’l"ool\i'oi'tlis,
(iranls, \\'cslerii Auto, l’earl (iriiiil
Iiichnionds, (‘i-nlral h'liirlicls, and
[rolls ('iindii-s. Additional gills
\\’|'I't' purchased wilh money do
llilll‘tl by Kappa |)cll;i, l'si (illlll'
inn, and Bela Zeln sororilu

MCAT-DAT—GRE
LSAT- ATGSB
NAT’L. BDS.

' Preparation ior tests required for
admiSion io graduate and protes-
Sional schools

' Six and twelve sesswn courses

' Small groups

‘ Voluminous material for home study
prepared by experts in each field

' Lesson schedule can be tailored to
meet individual needs.

' Opportunity for review of past
lessons via taps at the center

 

 

Summer Sessions
Special Compact Courses
Weekends — lntersessions
STANLEV H. KAPLAN
EDUCATIONAL CENTERun.
illb lull 15m Sllul Bioooiyn M V
L
i 21 2) 336-5300 :3:
(5 I 0) 538-4555

imvs tvi mNnS wrrxmus

SINCE was.

amt" - win. 'Wuliiialnn - cum" ' Lon Ami! ‘ slung.

 

 

Th- Twirling School with Mr Nullmu'ldl Iirpuiuioe

 

 

