 

 

 

i
l
i
l

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1971

 

 

STUDENTS WANTED:

may do so by signing in next Tuesday.

 

hasn’t gone up

1.________._

Name one
thing that

since I950.

The only thing we can think at
is what we make. The Swmgline
"Tot 50" Stapler. 98¢ in 1950.
98¢ in 1971.

And it still comes wrth1000lree
staples and a handy carrying
pouch. It staples, tacks and
mends. It's unconditionally
guaranteed. It‘s one at the
world‘s smallest staplers.

And it's the world's biggest
seller. Could be that's why it
hasn‘t gone up in price in

21 years.

it you're interested in something
a little bigger, our Cub Desk
Stapler and Cub Hand Stapler
are only $1.98. Both Tot and
Cub Staplers are available at
Stationery, Variety and College
Bookstores.

The Swingline “Tot 50'
98¢ in 1950. 98¢ in 1971.

It you can name something else
that hasn't gone up in price
Since 1950, let us know. We'll
send you a tree Tot Stapler With
1000 staples and 0 Vinyl pouch.
Enclose 25¢ to cover postage
and handling.

 

Dupr F

 

se featurin in Russian films, slides, music, and
ot’hei‘ei'ii’rit‘iiiiumedia will fie taught by Professor biichacl (.licrniov:
sky (above) this semester. The coiiisc, entitled ‘ Socnil History of
the U.S.S.R." (His 485), will be held on Tuesdays and Thursdays
from 3:30-5:00 iii Lecture Center 2. Because it is a new offering
of an experimental nature, students still wishing to add the course

The Sch-clivc Scrvicc Systi-m rc-
ccntly clarified cxpcctcd policy
changes on untlcrgraduatc studcnt
dafcrmcnts.
(Iollcgc studciits who were
cnrollcd I I H
l‘J70-lii71 academic yi-ar wdl hc Dr' (turns w. hm.‘
cligiblc for student dcfcrmcnts in SCI-VIC” 1)i,-(.N,,.-_ smd;
“"3 m7l'm72 “Ch‘MI .V‘V‘r I‘I‘H‘W coming l'rcslimaii studcnts arc
continuc to niakc n , "
muss i” “"4" I’mgr‘m” “r “mde fuluri- bccaiisc ol llu- sludi'iit dc-
Sclcctivc Si'rvicc officials said.
How cvcl‘, young nii-u who cutcrcd
Try.Try hard. school . I ‘ ‘
summcr and tlitisc who cinoll as lndumlm”
{I‘t'sllmt‘li this l'all will not quality m1, lg ymm "M and m”), 2”” an,

 

3700 Shillnun Are . tong lilo-id Ciiyr N I lllOl

 

by Jeffrey I’. Bernstein
“Get up, Jeff," was my roommate's reveille cry at
6:25 this bleak, foggy morning. We were up and out
within ten minutes to our first .meal at the new
Indian Quad dining room. Last night I gotthe bug
to go down in the annals of Indian Quad history as
being the first person to pass through the. meal line.

At 6:35 we wearily made our two minute. trek
over to the still unfinished flag room." As 'we
stumbled down the stairs to the “main dining
room I was anxious to see if anyone else had the
same crazy idea. I was eluted to find no one else
waiting at the bottom to get in the record book
before me. We were sitting there at 6:45 awaiting
the arrival of the “checker” when we caught our
first Viewing (a sneak preview) of an Indian Quad
cockroach. Last year we had dust, rats, and
construction workers-but no cockroaches.

6:50 the woman checker arrives and explains to us
this year's new efficient checking method. That is,
taking your card and checking off your number on a
mimeogriiplied sheet of all meal card numbers at
your quad.

After last year's anxious anticipation of the
nr-vcr-to-cumc dining room at Indian, I told the

don't open ‘til 7."

At 7:02 A.M. of August lit), |97l lhi- checker
took my card, crossed tiff number 4977, and
officially (lcsignutcd llt) cent to my numbcr: “First
Onc." l made it! Fulfillment of a lifetime dream!
Bill thi-rc was more to t'tintt‘vllit! true test-~lhc food.

Well, I eagerly grabbed off some dry looking
piiiicaki-s, anemic looking scrambled eggs, and toast,

   

 

opening.

for studcul di-l'crinciits if tlic l‘.l ycars of agc or older. The Ill
pcnding cliangcs to tho Sclr-ctiva year olds will rcccivc thi-ir lottcry
Sci-vicc Act arc passcd by (‘on- numbci‘s in 1972 and thcy Wlll
gi . 'I'hc Iliiusc has completed not bc sulnccl to induction tiiitil
action on thc bill aliil final Scnatc 197:}, who” (hurt culls should ht-
aclitni is cxpi-ctcd iii Scptcmbcr. low, The I!) your old frcshinclt
Sclcctivc rcccivcd thcir lolti-ry uunihcrs
“li‘cw in- August 5 of this your and will in-
subji-ct to induction ucxi yi-ar. :il
lcast '2 should havc hiin i-iiougli
lotli-ry uninbcrs to prccludc thcii'
induction. of thosi- ri'niauiiug,
approxuiialcly Fill"? Will bc dis
qualificd on iucnial. moral or
physical grounds. 'I'hls int-nus that
a iiiaxuiiiiiii of 50,000 incii Will in-

 

full-time in thc

 

iicliiry pro' “may to bc iiiduclcd in illl' iicnr

,f.

fcrmi-iit phascout" ()f thi-
l,tl:ll,lillti iiicoiniiig frcshinnii
m" H". rm” Hm“ mi“ malt-s cstiuialctl by tlu- ()fficc of
appriixuiiniiti-ly rill"?

 

Jeans. Slacks. Shirts. Jackets. Socks. Western Wear. Boots.

     

\ ‘ / r

J - _./v __/,,
Wrangler“ Jeans and Mr. Wrangler“) Sportswear at

J. B. Hunter Albany, New York

Indian Quad: Early    W

    

Snl’ Photo/Chow

orange juice, grapefruit, a glass of skim milk, Sugar
Smacks, and a cup of coffee. i nearly trippcd
running to my seat. Now the taste test,

The typically watered down orange juice was
Cht‘CkL’l‘ 3”- 6153 “YOU 110"“ know hOW “mil llV“ drinkable. l was right about the dry-looking pan-
becn waiting for this inciil." She replied: “Wcll, wc Dukesnlhcy were dry “nd cold 1“ WUIL [he hum-T
bled eggs tlioiigii were rather good--maybc because
they wcrc warm. Moving right along to lhc bugar
SlniICkS“\VPll, no kitchen can ruin a packaged box ot
dry ccrcal, especially sugar smacks. The coffee was
good but my grapefruit dessert was really sour.
Actually it was those new yellow‘flowcred trays

that madc illt‘ meal. ' i
Mv ncxt breakfast. might wcll be the next rpiai

Freshmen May Lose Draft Determents

directly affcctcd in l‘.)7‘.l by thi-
sludcnt dcfcrmcnt phasnoul aiiil
onc-hiilf of thcsc, or 115,000. will
probably not bc indtictcd bccausc
ol' cnlistmcnts iii licgular, Rcscrvc
or National (iuard units, participir
iion in commissioning programs
or bccausc of proccdural (lclays.

Dr. 'l'arr said that collcgc stit-
dciits will not bc draftcd in the
middlc of a scnicstci‘ or tcrni. "If
calch whilc cni'olIi-d, thcy Will bi-
allowcil to postponc thcir Iiitluc
tioii until the cud of tho scincsti-r,
or icon If in ilit‘ll‘ last acadciiiic
ycai', thi-y \vill bc (thll' ill post
|itll|l' lhi-ir induction iiutil .il'lci'
graduation "
|)i' 'l‘ai'i‘ .idviscd iiicoiiiiiig li'csli-
mcn .iiiil sliidi-iits who slnrii-il
lbcii' program of study In ilic
suiiinu-r of ltlTl or l.itcr not to
filc applications forstudi-iit dcfcr-
inciils cvcu though thc curi'cnl
law rlililitit‘ltt‘a granting dcfi-i'
mcnts to sludcuts in full'liiiu‘
programs of study.

"If thc pcnding Sclcctivc Scrvtci-
lcgislntion docs not pass," 'l‘nrr
said, l‘il would not bc in a rcgis-
ti‘unl's licsl iIilcri-sl to obtain a
student dcfiirnuiiit which would
cxtcnd his liabilin until agc ilfi.
Should t‘ongri-ss chaugu thc lcgis»
lation to provide for dcfcrmcnls
for new incoming fri-shiucu,
which is most unhlicly, .ipphcii-
tioiis for dcfcriiii-iits will not lit‘
Jcopai'diu'il by tlcliiyiiig tlii-ir siilr
mission iiiilil aflcr passiigi- of tin-
"0“! law."

'l'hi- l’ri-sidciit's authority for lIli‘
induction of .ill nit-ii iiiiilcr ill»,
i-xccpt for lhua- who li.ivc or who
have had dcl'ci'iiiciits, i-xpii'i-d on
.liiiii- .lti, ill7l. lf t‘oiigi'css docs
not rcinstalc thc giiiicriil Induction
authority, lhc l’rcsidciit could .ui-
thorI/.c the induction of thosc
i'cgislriiuts who hold or hair lll‘lti
dcfcriiiciits, In this \IIlillii‘l\ cwiit.
Hi-Ii'ctivc Si-rvu‘i- officials bclicvi-
lliul titiilipchr i'cipitrcniciils of
thc I)t‘|ltll‘lllit‘lll of Iii-l‘cnsi- prob—
ably could hi- incl by iiiductiiig
lhosc young men who havi-
rcccntly driippcd dcfcriiiciits lic
cause they graduated. ilriippcd
out of school, or cliiiiigcil lhi-ir
occupations. Iiccciil collcgc NI‘lItl‘
initi-s or dropouts would make up
the bulk of inductions, thi- offi-
cials said. The officials “third
that cancellations of dcfcriiu-uls
probably would iiol be iiiici-asiiiy
nor would it be necessary to call
those who have praised into the
second priority selection group.

 

 

“h”,- - ., .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Investigative Series Begins Today

Inside Your Facult

by Al Senia

The following is the first in a
series of articles about Albany
State's Faculty-Student Assn-
L'iaiiort.

It was an evening during last.
October when David Neufcld,
then president of Student Associa-
tion, sat in the dining room of
Colonial Quadrangle with a num-
ber of elated political friends. All
had just returned from the annual
mecting of Albany State's F‘acul-
ty-Student Association and were
completing their dinner,

Albany Student Press "

Vol. LVlll No. 39

by Stcplicii ll. (ioldstciu

’l'lic llnilcrgrnilualc :\l‘illll'lilll'
l‘oiiiicil's pructicc of granting stu
dciil pr-lilioiis for .-\ it: gradcs by
l'rcshini-ii .iinl \trlilltiitltil'l'h i-ii
rollcd in programs otlu-i lh.iii prc
tiii'ilical, was scoi'ctl by lllt'llllit't'\
of Ihc llniii-rsih Sciialc .tl Mon
i|.iy :ifli-i'iiooii's nii-cting

'l‘hc rcpoi't lo Sciialc of tin-
l'iiili'i‘gi'ailualc ;\i':idciiiii ('iniiiiil
\tnlcd tlial lhc council had llil'l on
Aug ii and Lil and had granch
[millions for ll'lll‘l' grailcs lo llih
\ltltll'lllh, ll! of thciii )H'l‘ nicd
ii'.il 'l'hi- other pctitioiis wcrc
from I? ti'ausfcr stiiilciits. l.i iii
lil't‘dilW, scvcu tiiicl ficd, six in
graduali- schools, si. in pi'c rlcnlul
programs, l'ii’c sludcnts having just
slitil'l of mi crcdits in four st‘lllt‘x
tins and two studculs iii incdical
lccltttology.

Thus, the council gi'iintcd Ii-tti-r
gradc pciilitins lo l'rcshincn and
soplioiiiorcs, only Hit of whom
\vcrc in Ilit'dll‘tll'i't‘illit‘ti studios. As
originally proposcd and ciiactctl
liy tlic Uiiivi-I‘sity Sciialc, all frcsh~
iiicn and sophomorcs \Vl‘l'l‘ to bc
givcii gi‘utli's iif Satisfactory or
Unsatisfactory with the cxccplion
ol' prc~mcdical studcnts who
pctitloncd for A-E grading. 'l‘hc
policy was unplcniculcd iu liic full
lil- liltiil.

.~\t l\londuy's Sciiali- uicctiiig, Il
was rcportcil that Uiulcrgradtiatc
Academic Council was to act

 

 

Students flock to the Fountain area to enjoy a hit of sunshine iiiiiiil the crowds.

 

“We got pretty much what we
went in for," one student re-
marked, referring to the reforms
the undergraduates had steered-
through the board earlier that
evening; reforms that would, for
the first time, give the student on
campus some meaningful control
over how his money was being
spent by the monolithic, campus-
widc organization that is F.S.A.

Ncufcld. however, dissented.
“What we got," he corrccted,
“was wltiit (Presidcnt) Bcnczct
was willing to give us."

And that, perhaps more than

State University of New York at Albany

Senate Knocks Action Taken
On S/U Grading Exceptions

..,,

upon an additional .‘li_ pi-tiiions
for lctlcr grudcs at
Incl-ting of llit‘ couiicil

todayk

Scinilors voicing ohn'i-tioiis tll‘l
not disagi'ci- With any siiidciit
wishing to liavc lctit-r grades and
his UiilrllillllL' li'llci’ graili-s ()b
p-r'tuins wcrc willi lhc council's
.illivgcd t'll't'tlllth‘llllllL' thc original
Sciiiitc proposal for S/l‘ grading.
without going through Sr-iinic
chaniu-ls

'l‘hi- l'Ichutivc t'oniiiiitli-c,
iltl\\'('\'l'li, III ll sllt't'liti V'xNiliil tlll
.-\ug L’T, .ipprovcd lhi- l‘iidci
graduutc Dunn‘s sciidiiig .i iiiciiiiu'
:uidum ill frcshnii-ii and siipli»
oiiiiu'cs ulniut lhcii option for
li-ltci' gradcs, lhc nicniorauduiu
was li-rincd by thc |Cxcciilivc
(‘onuiullci- as "appropriatc to an
siirc thc rights of studculs and is
not in violation of tho Scnalc
li-gishiliiui cinpowcriiig tlic lliitlcr
gi‘ailiiatc :\t‘iulcinic t‘oitucil to im
ph-incnt and inlcrprct lhc Hill
griiiliiig bill,”

l’ossililc l'uturc action in Sciialc
may hc thc cciisuriiig of thc i‘iillli
cil and lhc Dcaii of Undi-rgrnduatc
Hitltlics for llit‘ll‘ action

President's Report

"'l‘hc \Vi-st l’odiuin cxlciisiou
and lhc East Podium cxicusiou
arc dciid,“ l’i'csidi-iil Louis 'I'
IIl‘llt'ti‘l coiifii'iiicd to h‘cuulc in
his ri-poi't, and giivc lhc ri-asoii
us, lhc stiitc diicsii't huvc thc

 

anything else, summarizes what
last year‘s battle for reform of
F.S.A.’s membership board, Board
of Directors, and plethora of com-
mittees and sub-committees was
till about.

Caught in ii crossfire between
increasingly antagonistic students
and the remnants of a conscr-
vativc administration left from the
days of his predecessor, Alliiii
Kuusisto, it was President Bcnezct
(and his designate, Vice-President
John Hartlcy) who, ultimately,
was responsible for balancing the
opposing forces,

Benezet, as Chairman of F.S.A.'s
Board of Directors. often held
the balance of power over student
reforms as they came before the
membership board and Board of
Directors. He used this power
wisely last year, adopting a flex-
ible policy of give-and-trikc that
has resulted in feelings of mutual
trust between student government
bonds and the university presi-
dent, yet iiiis not alienated the
rest of tire board. Whether he will
be as successful this year, as the
student battle for reform moves
into its second phase, remains to

 

yeStudent Association

be seen.
‘PAST REFORMS

--The Board of Directors was
restructured. Students now hold
four of the ten seats; they had
previously held one.

«Budget items, at the students'
urgings, were reviewed and some
of the more wasteful programs
(free meals to dorm directors and
resident assistants, International
Students) are on their way to
being phased out as F.S.A. pro-
gram items.

continued on page three

rm- ASP 1

 

Tuesday, September 14, l971

  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
    
 
 
  
  

nioiicy for li-niplcs of Ankhor \\’;il
:iII orcr lill' \l.tlt‘ 'I'his itiiivi-i'sily
s looking for obtaining lightci'

construction," ilt' .iddcil

"I think it is llt‘llt'l' to haw
buildings on thc pi-iiphcry of tlic
campus" iiislcad iil' coiii-i-iitratiiig
iii-w construction in tlic podium.

|)r iii'llt‘M‘l told of lii'iglitcr
possibililii-s l'iii' cducaliinial funds
loi lili’ lllil\‘t'l".l[)‘ in I bill [l:i\\t'(l
|)_\ lhc l' S Si-nali- .iiiil licadcd for
tlii- lloiisu, and providing for
|)io.id aid to highcr i-tlticalion.

Uiiivcrsily govi'rnaiici- rclorm
was .iiiolhcr aspcct of Dr lit-iii-
[.0th ri-poil, :iiid lic cxpi'cssi'il
hopc that rct'orui would I)“ unplc»
iiii-iilcd iii slrciiglbciiiiig llil‘ ri'prc~
scutalioii on thi- I'iducutiinial
l‘olicics (‘ouui'il to iiichidc niorc
studciils and a dcau, and to form
an cl‘l'cctivc l’i'csidcnt's i\dVisin'y ,
t‘nmmilli-r. sumlur In llic l'i'tlcrnl Arthur Collins. chairman of the University Senate. conducted the
"“"" (“‘“W‘l “1 l“"“””""" A" first full scssiou of the body on Monday. Asp phaIU/A“mm,”

 

 

visors.

Parents Heckle Council

For Killing Day Care Funds

by Allen Altuiau

(‘cntriil t‘ouncil dciilt whiil iippcars to hiivc Iii-cn ii dciilh blow to the Day Care (Tcutcr, Thursday night,
by i'i-fusing to appropriatc lo lhcin chi-iitccn thousand dollars ’I‘hc appropriation bill was rejected by ii
lter-b votc. In iirdcr for thc bill to havi- piisst-d, ii 2/3 volc \Viis iii-ccssury.

:\ coiiimittcc foruicd lust Wl‘l'lt to iuvi-stigiitc othcr sourccs of funds for tho Diiy Care Center submitted
a llt'\\’ bill that cut siiliirics iit lhc t‘culi-r by six thousand dollars. 'I‘lu-y \Vi-rc ulniblc lo find inimcdiiitc iicw
sourci-s of rcrcniic

'I'hi- lciiglhy dcbati- ovcr lhc I)in t‘arc t'cliti-i' ccntcrcd introducing
thc original |'I‘t||ll'.\l for thirty-two thousand dollars iicccssary
t‘ouncil. with only Ilurtycight thousand dollars in its lﬂini-rgcncy
Hilt‘lltllllll Linc, tricil to ilcculc il' thc largc inoni-y ri-qucst was
wurraulrd t'oniiciliiu'ii tippiiscd to funding thc Day t‘iirc (‘l‘llll‘l‘ citcd
thc iiiti-ri-sts of l‘otirliri-ii thousand studcnts against tlic iiitcrcsls of
t'lglll) childri-ii that would usi- thi- t‘cutcr A lui'gc grant to thc [)iiy
t‘arc (‘i-iilcr would li-iivc t‘i-ntial t'oiiiicil \vith liltlc iiioiicy for the rust
ol thc ycai'

t'iiuiicil niciiibi-r .lody \\'itlc|it/ introduced lhc filial \‘crsion of tlic
lull that was dcl'i'iilcd ’l'lii- lull would linvc budgclcd si-vcnti-cii
thousand dollars to tlu- l)in t‘ari- t‘cutcr wliilc appointing four
mciiibcrs rif Htiidi'tit Association lo ilic lliiaid iif Diri'cloi's iifSllNYA
lliiy t‘arc (‘ciiti-i'

Approsiniatcl) fit'tccu parcuis and [bolt childrcu atti'ndcd tlic
incctiiig 'l‘hi- puri-iils cxpri-sscd llli‘ fear that wttliout a liin t‘urc
t'i‘iili‘r, many of tin-iii would havc iodiin out of collcgc
lliicl' \crhal sltii'iiiishcs cruptcd l)|‘l\\'l‘l‘|\ (‘i'nti'ul t‘ouucil iilid thc
|)ltl't‘lll.\ throughout lllc night lluc to csccssn'c iiiiisc In tho giillcry
caiiscrl by young childi'cii present. t‘oiiiicil ordcrcd ull childrcii
l‘l‘llltH'I‘tl Most puri-nls icluctiiutly rcniuvml their childrcu, but not
without ciiiiiiiii-Iit. 'l‘hroughout thc (il‘hlllt‘ ovcr lhc L‘ciitcr, parents
ycllcd insulting i'cinnrlts at the Council. (inc ('ouucilnuui suggested
that the tllllilltil‘ of tlic gallery towards t‘i-ntral Council iiffcctcd the
oiitcoiiic of thc volc iidvcnicly.

it is cxpoctcd that the Day Cari» t‘vntur will come up before the
t‘ouiicil again. If only ii slight changi- is made iii the bill. it can be
rciutroduccd. llowcvci', outlook for p .iigo is slim.

 

.-iSl’ I'Iltiltt: .‘ill't'l‘h‘tlll

