“WW—We. . ,. Mme,

.ya-tt.rs-y..-i...s..,,e, .-_ ___,,..._ .

 

 

; .Assocuirb‘
PRESS in:

 

In appreciation for Bruce B. Detlefsen‘s aid in times of need, the
Albany Student Press renamed its Associated Press macltine. “mom,”

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1971

 
  
     

‘Our Man at the Capitol’
Becomes ‘Our Man at SUNY’

Bruce B. Detlefsen, an Asso-
ciated Press legislative corres-
pondent and education writer,
and the Albany Student Press’s,
“man at the Capitol," has been
named director of communi-
cations for the policy-making
body of the State University.
Detlefsen, 38 and a native of
Yonkers, has been with AP since

in which he served as a research
associate for the Temporary State
Commission to Study Campus Un-
rest.

Detlefsen is best known by this
campus due to the ASP'sfrequent
use of his material. This constant
usage led to the renaming of the
office's Associated Press machine
to the “Bruce B. Detlefsen A.P.

 

Carol Schlogeter

Knickerbocker News Reporter

How to Effectiver
Present o Story
Tues. October 26 8:00 pm

HU I29
News Staff Please Attend

 

1965 except for a one year period Machine."

 

News Round Up

INTERNATIONAL
Ottawa - Soviet Premier Kosygin was attacked by a man on
Parliment Hill yesterday and his coat was half pulled off before
security police hauled the attacker away. Prime Minister Trudeau
helped the visiting Soviet leader, who was half pushed down,
regain his feet. Kosygin’s hair was ruffled. The attacker was said
to he a member of a Hungarian liberation group.

Athens- Vice President Spiro 'I‘. Agnew is taking ti hands-off
attitude on the issue of when democracy should be returned to
Greece, the country of his forebears which he now is visiting.
Agnew is stressing mutual security and alliance in his talks with
leaders of the authoritarian regime.

NATIONAL

Pittsburgh A massive World Series victory celebration exploded
Sunday night into a rampage of destruction, looting and sex-in-
the-streets. Police reported a dozen rapes ‘ some of them in full
View of hundreds who cheered the assailants - displays of public
lovemaking, nudity and drinking.

“This isn‘t a riot. It's a goddamn orgy," a motorcycle cop said
during the disturbance which left the downtown area in shambles
and attracted some 100,000 participants.

STATE

New York - H. Rap Brown, the black militant on the F.B.I.‘s
most wanted list for 17 months, was reported in fair condition
Sunday after abdominal surgery following a shoot-out with police
during an alleged holdup of a New York crap game and Bar.
Brown's attorney, William Kunstler refused to identify his client,
but police fingerprint specialists said they believed the wounded
man to be Brown.

 

 

 

 

  
   

Some
research
“experts” 
say you can’t
taste the
difference
between
beers...

blindfolded.

.r

WHEN YOU SAY

Budweiser

YOU'VE SAID IT ALL!

Alttliu'dll “with, INC - ST. LOUIS

 

 

  
    

Si Si Si Si Si si no
HEIJMAN THEATRES

Just present your student I.
D. and Theatre I. I). cards.and
you get in for $1. Offer good
Monday l'lirn Thursday only,
except liolirlqu.

CENTER 'l‘OWN
THEATRE THEATRE
(‘folonic l mile no. of
Shopping Latliaiii
(‘cnlcr ‘ rear (‘ircli-
of Macy's on Rte. fl
mil-217” 7K3 Mull!
HELLMAN
’I‘III‘IA'I‘RI‘)
Washington
Avenue
Across from
SUNYA

lf'iil hillil)

 

 

 

 

Information Desk

While at A.P. Detlefscn often
was instrumental in providing
background information on many
education topics for the ASP,
When the existence of the Milne
School and 9 other state operated
campus schools was threatened by
possible legisluiiw action last
year, he sent ti story ovor the wire
about this threat under the
heading, “ASP Note" Wl‘tcn
reached later by the ASP for
thanks, he replied,"l would give
anything to see the look on Illusc
telegraph operators faces when
they see that head. 'I‘licy'll prob
ably be wondering ‘What the hell
is ASP'.”

Chancellor Boyer said Dcticf-
sen's appointment to the
$23,800‘a-year con‘tmunicalions
post reﬂects the university's desire
to open up policy deliberations to
the public. The job involvcs ctr
ordination of communications
among the campuses, government
agencies-state and local-tho media
and community groups.

The new communications
director for SUNY Central is a
cum laiidc graduate iii French
literature of Dartmouth College
rind holds it masters (Icgrcc in
French literature and language
from Middlebury College.

Community
Service

Schedule

Registration for Community
Service will be held Oct. 25-Nov.i
except October 28th in Campus
Center 375. The times will be
from 9-5 except Nov 1 from 9-7.
Preference will be given the first
three days for people continuing
in Community Service at the same
agency if they bring a conl‘ir
mation letter 'for next sr-iiicstcr
from the agency with them, Inter-
viewing for placement in agencies
for other students will be done at
that time iii the same room.
Freshmen cannot takc the course!

Each strident is rcsponsiblt' in
see that his agency supervisor
knows that a grade has to in-
handed in to us before I)cc. ltllh.
He can either bring it in himsclf or
make sure the agency sends it. It
must be on a lottcrlicad of thi-
iigt'ncy, Don‘t forget to completi-
your logs and papcrs illltI liiintl
llll'ln in llcc. 7. They can b
mailed to its at llos Elli-1'1“. m
lu'tnigltl iii to lllt' riflic

Hire or two porsotis .rrr- llt'l‘lll'll
lo t‘lllllilllll' ti coiniiitiiiily \l‘|'\lil
pron-rt working \ritli .i cub scour
prick r-sliililrslicd lII IIIt' Sniilh
I'Iiitl. Anytim- Intr-ri-slr'tl l‘.||l Iiiirl
out llltll'l' information in I'I'tfl“
trillion, or call Ilol) l;li ilHr/‘ii lot
the details.

     

FINAL SENIOR PORTRAITS
& RETAKES!!!

INFORMAL DRESS...

Sign up now at the Campus Center

(evening

appointments available on

Wednesday and Thursday)

 

Wtszmsm-c~n:w~ ‘ -

 

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1971

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

PAGE 3

 

    

.- .«.....—.._..n.

. . v‘ , "i
Central Council approved a request to pay for the activities of last
Wednesday's Moratorium including Rennie Davis‘ appearance. The bill

has yet to be signed by the S.A. President.
. . ('liow

Central Council Okays
Funds for Moratorium

by Cara (ioldsleiii

A hill to give thc Coordinator of Political (lroirps liil.75l).ll0 from
Central Council‘s Emergency Spending Linc to pay for | st chiit-s-
day's Moratorium leach-in activities and speakers was ptisscd by the
Council last Thursday night.

As of yet. the bill has not been signed by Student Association
President, Michael Lampcrl. lf liampcrt docs not sign the hill within
six (lays il will automatically go into effect. If he chooses to veto it,
the proposal will rcturn to the Council whcrc it can be passcrl by a Bill
majority vote.

Other Business

The Inlcrnatioiial Students Association rcccivcil a supplemental
appropriation from tho council which will allow them to furnish lhc
iii-w ol'ficc that llicy ri-cciilly liltIVl‘lI into A htidgi-t :IIIUIliit‘tlI for an
Italian t'lub was also passed d‘lllll'xtln)’. Sir-yon Klpnis was approved for
Ilit‘ [lilSllliiii of Assistant (‘oorilinnlor for H H. Acutlcmtr- groups

School To Advance 3 -Year B.A.

by Liz Jones

Plans for a New School which
will advance the concept of a
three-year baccalaureate degree
are underway. Headed by Dr. Seth
Spellman, assistant to the presi-
dent, a committee of 17 students
and educators have drawn up a
comprehensive outline for the
proposed New School.

The curriculum planned for the
New School will not follow the
usual pattern of majoring in a
particular area of study. Instead,
the students involved will have an
“interdisciplinary education fo-
cusing on government, the econo-
my, religion and morality, educa-
tion, and the family." This curri-
culum is designed to make the
collcgc learning experience more
integrated and relevant to the
present times.

The purpose of the 3-year bac-
calaureate is to climinatc the of-
ten superﬂuous introductory
courscs tlinl plaguiI students in the
senior year in high school mid the
freshman year in college, The slu-
tlcnl will apply for this program
during his junior ycnr of high
school. Admission will hc based
on the student's zicadcmic perfor-
maiici- through Hm I l tli grade, his
desire to pursue the New School
curriculum, and on rr-commonrla
tion.

The New School will slrcss a
realistic sludy of Man, touching
such nt'cns as: considcrulion of
goals, values atiil practices of [hi-
area of knowledge living studicd,
and historic and contemporary
problems. ’l‘lir- scinr-slcr will coir-
sisl iif two areas of study, four
modules of three weeks for each
area of study, two wocks’nrf iiitlc-
pench work in the field of
conci'. Iration and consultation
With at facii|ty~niontor and other
faculty iiii-mlii'rs. A \ri-ck of facul-
tystiirli-nl l'\':lIIIllIl\'l‘ discourse
and it wool; of t'\:ili|\ \\'III con-
I‘Illlll' llii- \l'llll‘slt‘l' Ari-its of >lll(I_\’
\\’lll iiiclitilr- innior contemporary
prolilcins (INI\’1'|'I_\', nili-rgroitp l'l‘

lations, social distribution of eco-
nomic resources) studied from the
vantage points of fine arts, perfor-
ming arts, literary arts, linguistics,
philosophy, and history. Exten-
sive study of natural science will
not be covered, but the history of
scientific method and the pur-
poses of science technology and
math will be studied in relation to
Man and his contemporary life.
The New School education is

designed to better prepare the
student for graduate school in the
fields of political science, sociolo-
gy, history, psychology, and parti-
cularly, public services.

It has been proposed that the
New School be situated on the
Albany downtown campus pend-
ing the moving of graduate stu-
dents uptown. [t is hoped that the
downtown location will make for
a greater live-learn experience.

   

 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING SERVICE
lll.ll Scli't‘li‘u' 'l'\‘[u'it'r'lli'r
N/Ici'ltlltsurg in
llttt‘lltl'tll llloSI'I‘ltllliHls
Im-i Ili‘|n-ii.l ll  “my, i. .~
iii‘ in it ill -‘ V i'-“

462-6283 462-1509

 

 

 

WANT

other texts
in your field?

Associated Press Reporter

Brian King
will speak on
Professionalism & Responsibility in Reporting

Wednesday,
at 7 pm ill Ill] llli

October 20

 

 

F ormer Commissioner

Dies In Air Crash

AP Compilation

As Ncw York State education commissioner, Dr. James Allen Jr.
spoke out in favor of equal education for all students, black and
white. As US. commissioner of education in the Nixon administra-
tion, he spokc out against the United States military thrust into
Cambodia in 1970 and this criticism cost him his job.

Allen, 60, and his wife, Florence, were among 10 persons killed
aboard ti Scenic Airlines plane on a sightseeing flight to the Grand
Canyon when the plane crashed Saturday during a snow storm.

Upon accepting l’rcsidcnt Nixon‘s offer to become U.S. commi-
ssinnl'r of education in February, 196$), Allen confided to friends that
Ill' did not («pad to be on the job long. State education commissioner
in New York for l l ycars, he had turned down a similar offer for a
federal post from former President Kennedy in '61 tostny in New
York State.

Sixlccii months lalcr, outgoing HEW Secretary Finch said “he asked
for and receiver " Allen's resignation. 'l‘he wedge that drovo him to
rlisl'avor with lhc Nixon administration was his May 21, 1970
stair-merit on ilit‘ Inch into Cambodia by U.S. troops "I find it
difficult to understand the I‘lllilllilllt‘ for the necessity of the move into
('ambodia as a means of supporting and hastening the withdrawal
from Vieliiam - a withdrawal that I feel must be accomplished as
quickly as possible," he said. Alli-it‘s first priority in the Nixon
administration was the improvomcnt of urban education, but on the
occasion of his ouster he remarked, “i did not bclicvo there was a full
commitmcnl. IL was the most important and critical issue in our
country in this century.”

IIl' then joined the faculty of the Woodrow Wilson School of
International and Public Affairs involving himself with the study of
cducationul financc and other projects. The Allen's leave two children
behind James E. Allen III and Jdilh Dolvcn.

 

Thch is still “world enough and time enough“ to enjoy it canoe
outing at Camp Dippikill.

..li'<‘

 

WANT
the text

for that course

you didn't take?

‘ Im'lutlci.
Tlic icxtbook slacks in the

Bookstore will be open for
browsing on October l9
tlu‘u 2| from 9 am to 8
pm, and on October ’22
from 9.1m to 4:30 pm.

The last day to buy texts
will be October 22,
l9'li. (except for quarter
courses .llltl t'eoi‘t‘lot's )

icgtslricil Il'tlt'llII Department
National Assiii’lulliirl ut‘ llciici

lit-cu $150.

 

SKI MUNICH, Germany

li'oi't's l\t'lllli‘tl_\‘ .\rrpuil

Dec. 28—Jon 8 under $250

orouiiil trip air transportation

'breakt‘ast and dinner daily

‘frcc transportation to and from airy 9 ski areas
'l'iei: transportation berm-en airport and liotcl
' insurance against their, loss, iniury available

Remember the Olympics are there, too!

cull -l5 7 7‘13];
’Scnur- of ISAS, ii illusion of
of Consumer Affirm iiiiil the
llusmcss hurt-ans.

Iiic pine appearing III the October l5|li \SI' \\.i.\ an error tlllII \lllIIIIll haw

Run or lli/l

«\ssucltllcs, Affiliath a t'o.,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Birth Right
,.,,,.,.,,,,. _,|,,.,,,,,,,,. ,,,I,,,,,,,,,,,, Deadlines for submission of
No” “min, items for (iral'fiti are now mid-
u-m ill-mommatonal night Sunday for Tuesday‘s
""" "" ""“'L'" paper and midnight Wednesday

for Fri ay‘s paper.

'ir..i..i.'.i=t-.| I\lli.iliv

It r.'tH‘

J. Gel/s Sand
Friday, October 29th
8 pm CC Ballroom

$.99 with tax and matching ID
$2.50 w/o tax and proof of
18 yrs. or older

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

i

As.

