 

 

"If a unit can be proven to

._r,«»s...

released".
".Wu~.MN,.. . .
l%*w~ sue— . A

  

FSA Story Continues

Food

Continued from Page 1
’Thel minutes also state that:
“Dr. Benezet stated that he had
recently informed a group of stu-
dents that there would be no
‘whooping’ increase in the board
rates...” was suggested that the
matter of a board increase be
given careful study...”

Cooley, in his interview with the
ASP, offered the following rea—
sons for wanting the hike:

---Prices were not raised two
years ago and both food and labor
costs have increased.

---’I'he new academic calendar
disrupted the twenty year pattern
of hiring established by the cor-
poration and increased the diffi-
culty of hiring qualiﬁed help that
could be dropped from the pay-
roll during vacation periods.

-—<Stea1ing and freeloading in the
dining rooms continues.

His points are valid, though
some of them are open to some
criticism. For instance, Cooley ad‘
mits that rates were not raised
two years ago because the campus
had been involved in a national
student strike and: “We (the man-
agement) didn't want to throw
the issue of a price increase into a
very disturbed situation."

In other words, you don‘t push
for a price increase when students
are already agitated; you wait
until they calm down. Then you
hit them for a boost, claiming that
prices weren‘t raised when they
should have been. Some under-
graduate board members are
claiming that it is not a very
logical way to run a corporation.

And while “ripping off” un-
doubtedly occurs, the prime rea-
sons Cooley pushed for installa-
tion of the “cages” that encircle

ese money, eliminate it."

 

1mm  331355

f Way-ospreww .
- .

...chow

Service

the quad dining rooms, is to make
a price increase less likely Cooley
says the cages have stopped the
brunt of the theft—but that a
price increase is needed anyway.
The installation of the cages, by
the way, was opposed by many
students—including the student
government president.

But more importantly, none of
the factores cited by Cooley get
to the main issue.

According to his own figues,
every quadrangle dining hall has
made a steady profit over [he past
three years, even after all direct
and indirect expenses were de-
ducted.

The quad cafeterias have been
consistent money makers.

The total for the last three
years:

---Colonia1 made $325,000.

---State made $326,000.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16,1971

u noun Cooley is on an island."

 

. . . chow

Prohed

-—-Dutcli made $271,000.
u-Alden/Waterbury made
$208,000.

That is over one million dollars
in steady profit; profit that never
got pumped back into the quads.

Where does the money go and
why are students being asked to
pay more of it by Mr. Cooley?

The answer is very simple: Be‘
cause the operations in the Cam-
pus Center, the Brubacher dining
facilites, and the little-known
Husted cafeteria downtown, all of
which give little benefit to the
very students who underwrite
them—you.

BRUBACHER

Brubacher is FSA‘s second mon-
atary loser that the undergraduate
students underwrite. 'I‘he Bru-
bacher cafeteria lost nearly
$40,000 last year, and interesting—
ly, the undergraduates who pay

Where the Food Service Profits Go

Fiscal Years ’69-’71

Total Sales
Gross Profit

Expenses

Net Loss

Campus Center

$2,217,950
1,281,209
1,841,145

-$559,425

Brubacher Cafe

$275,228
150,661
223,587

—$72,782

Husted

$159,903
86,070
147,018

—$60,914

 

  

«a». an.

 

MW» a war--

will speak on

go AIIENIIOII BUSINESS MAJORS & ENGLISH MAJORS
8. THE UNIVERSITY COMMUNllYl

CHRIS CUNNINGHAM
Retail Advertising Manager, Capital News Group

“ADVERTISING AND THE PRES "

iuesdav, November 16111 in Humanities 129 a1 11 pin

m . u -K‘mé‘ﬁg,‘

"Utmwu' "I

 

INSURANfL.’

 

l

wig?“ “

Do you have qllt‘ﬁllhli‘ «lllld‘l’

THEN ASK SANFORD i‘iOSENBLUix/i
. use are?  

He'll be here ionite

 

for this loss are not even allowuu
to use the facility. Only grad
students are allowed to eat in the
Brubacher cafeteria, and the grad
students do not have a mandaiory
meal plan as the undergrad, rcsr
dent students do.

Food service recently sliui down
the cafeteria on weekends (at an
estimated payroll saving of $2000
a month) and now grad slllili'nls
are complaining about the lack or
service. They have to walk air-rim
Alumni Quad on weekends and
eat at Alden/Waterbury.

The Brubacher Snack Bar also
loses money and part of the ion
son may be the way uiidcrgrads
are treated. Says a food scrvicc
official: “Making the Brubacher
territory reserved for graduate stu-
dents has resulted in ailrlilomil
losses in the Brudhachcr snack

Continued on Page 4

Note: Brubacher Cafeteria ism-
clusively for graduate students.
Graduate students do iiol have :i
mandatory meal plan.

Husted cafeteria is opcriilcil by
SUNYA Food Service Ill the pri-
vate Milne High School Food
Service :iiieiiipis lo ripcralc :i
strict vending opcniiion ill \lilnc
have been thwarted by llic liirllli'l
adiiiiiiistralion, Uiidcrgruil‘~ hoard
profits absorb ilic low-s ioi lllcw
\Vcll .i\ l.icull\

openitions us
llooh-

housing, program lli‘llh
Smi‘c. Alumni ()fficc. \lulimlx

(‘ziiiipiis etc.

“There are many expenses
slapped against the Campus {enter

that management doesn't lmow about.”

A... «aha/V

ran n ir~
\(llll(l~’l(.lli‘

,1,“ 1/ 1. I“; ,r _

“rims-W» ~M'd’»m¢~’¢w~n ..1 e... ». _, .

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

 

 

Women’s Groups
Clash at Capitol

by Tracy Egan

The statewide conference, “Women: A Political Force", was
disrupted briefly on Saturday by shouting members of a group calling
itself Women Against War iind Fascism. ’l‘lic disruption came as Betty
Fricdan, one of the founders of the National Organization of Women,
addressed the meeting in State Capital Assembly Chambers.

’l‘lic dissident women, most looking to be in their early twenties or
younger, continued shouting until Fricdaii lurncd over the micrrr
plionc in group spokeswoman Beth Rodriguez. ’l‘lic audiciicc of
woiiicndliough largely seeming to disapprch of [he disruptive tactics,
wci'c fairly quicl while Rodriguez spokc. She road a pl'l‘plll‘t‘d
slnlcnicnl charging Ilizil the state has “liiddcii' money from the
pcoplc, rcsulliiig in \Vcll'arc cuts. She also cullcd for frcc day care
ccnlcrs. 'l‘lic pi'olcslors slioutcd slogans including,“ Money for
Welfare, not for Highways" and “Allicn-Wcll'au‘c, Rockcfcllors
()riincs." They also objected to what lhcy claimed was llic staging ()f a
conference which poor \vomcii could no! arrange to altcnrl, cvcn
though it was free.

Biilty Friednn tried to continue her addrcss, but once again there
was an attempt to shout her down. A brief scuffle, of which most of
the conference participants were unaware, broke out in the back of
lhe chambers when some confcrcncc womcii asked llic group in bi-
quiet and then asked them In lcnvc. The group of about 25 woincii
dissciitni's Icfl soon after and coiiliiiur-d ilicir prolcsl in front of llic
(lnpilol steps.

Inside, F‘i'iednn resumed the stntcmcnl of purpose for llic conl'cr
cliC(P*’lth‘ political power which women must learn to assert, Slic
pointed out that “We are not here as n lokcii polilicnl foi'cc 'l‘Iiis (thi-
Assembly Chambers) has been luriicd ovcr to us bccausc wr- an-
already a political force." She stressed llllll if women wcrc lo hc
effectch as 11 I'orcc to better socicly through government, they must
be able to lransccnd rhetoric and work with womcn whosc slylc and
political standing may be differan from their own,

Dccrying llic fact that the State Senate has no wonicn members, and
that out of 207 seats in the State Assembly, only three lll'L‘ held by
women. Fricdan urged that “this governmcnl be of, by and for tho
women who descrvc to be here." She continued “men in hiin plnccs
arc trembling at the throat of this lll'w non-violcnl fol-cc .. All lhc
talent and political energy which formcrly was givcn lo llil‘ll will be
gIVi-n to women...the only powcr which can kccp Women from
attaining their goals is women themsclvcs.”

June Marlin, Dircctor of the Ccnli'nl Staff of llic Ncw York Slnlc
\ssembly, gaVe an address on sponsorship, lobbying and llll' (Irrifl of
legislation.

The conference tlioii broke up iiilii workshops lo discuss i'cconi
mciidalions for the drafting of legislation of Illll'l'l‘Sl It) wrinicii. ()iii-
of Hit“ rccoininciidnlinns L‘ulll‘fl for prusliliilioii lo lic li-giilizcd.

Sunday's ('oiifcrciicc Activities

Sunday, llic coiil‘ci'I-iici- conlinucil,\villioul ilisriiplioii, as a school
for caiidiilaics, Willi Assoiiililyiwiiiii-ii (.‘inik, (iuiiiiiiig and Ki‘upsnk
spi-zikiiig. (liiiigri-sswuincii Bcllu Ali/Jig llllll SliirII-y l'liisliolm also
spiikc ('liislioliii liiipcs in form a l‘UJIllllllll of women In lillt'li Ilt'l'
ilccloi'I-il candidacy for l’rcsidciil Slic said Sunday lluil “ wriiiii-ii ill‘t'
movmg ill a lntll‘l‘ posiiiia- dii'ccliiiii lliziii incii [Iii-y ziri- crossing t'liisa
and color liiii-s Iii-causr- «if a cool gill ciiiiiiiiillmcnl '

rt )-( ).l >-( ).i i-( )-( l-()-(_()-t ).0-0.0.0-0-0q

Lez‘ Aer know you. care...”

see us for your next engagement

Koblenz

  
 
    
   
   
   

Albany
434-84144

--_().().(_0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.(

look for our pamphlet —- it’s

Free Ear Piercing Service

L-.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o-o-o.o.iw_id-

 
  

orange blossom
jewellers

239 Central Avenue

 

Betty Friedan was one of the speakers at the weekend conference, “Women: A Political Force." During
her address to the some 800 women present, She was interrupted by women protesting the conference.

. . . i'oscnbiirg

S.A. Accused of Allowing

‘Racism Funded by Student Tax ’

by Allen Altman

(louncil incmhi-r .lody Wiilclilz, chairman of llic (lricvnncc Cominillcc, accused Sludeiil Association of
“racism fiindcd by student tax" at tho Central Council Met-ling on 'I‘liursdiiy, The charge was made in
regard lo (I spcccli by Black lslniii Minister Farrakhan, that took place on Wednesday. The spciikcr was
siioiisorcd by llic I". ()J’, Student Association and funded by student tax.

Gloomy Budget Picture

Revealed

by Stephen ll. (ioldslciii

Dr. Philip Hii'iilliiii, Uiiivcrsily
\‘Il‘4"])l'(‘sl(l('lll academic
:il'l'nii's, addressed ll special
nil-cling of tho lliiivoi'sily Hi-nnlc
Monday :lllll ﬁlllillliiII’I/J'KI llll' slo—
lus of llll' 15171 lllllVl‘l'Ml)‘ liiidgcl,
lhc pl‘llll'l'll'd Iiudgi-l for 111715,
Illl' priorities ili-ciilcd upon Hi :i

I‘fll‘

iiiccliiig lit‘1\\’l‘t'|l iiiiivcrsily ill-.ins
.mil :Illll
I’iiliii'c ciii'olliiiciil figurcs

his ol'l'icc, :iiul I’lll'l't‘lll

  

 

in This issue...

 

at Senate

Wlicii (iovci‘iior Rocki'l'cllcr siib~
niiili-d his budch lo llii- Legisla-
Iurc, this university‘s ltlltll zip--
[il‘iipl‘illl ion was sel n1
$30345 1,1100, 'l‘lizil figui'c was fii'sl
l't‘fllll‘l'll by iii-zirly $1 million, and
li-gislnlivc i'cvicw ciil ziiiiillici' 
iiiilliini I'i'iiiii il [\l'lcr a number (if
ollii-i' I‘i-sli'niiils \Vt’l‘l‘ Illiptihl‘tl. iii—
(‘Iiuliiig :iii “oxpcnililiii'c coiling"
ordcri-d by Illt' l)lVl.\'|1)ll of IIlI'
Iliiilgcl, llll‘ I'iiuil liiiilgi-l I‘t'Slt'fl :il
$Slii,H:£H,ii0(1, moi-c llinii $1 lllll'
lion higher than llic 1970 budget.

lini- larch of llic liiidgol pro-
Iilciiis, the rnlio of students In
I‘nculiy, lizis siil'l'crcd, according lo
Sii'ollriii. Official figures iiiilc a
rnlio of 1-1.2 sludcnls pcr faculty
member but the “operational
figure" is 15.31 10 l. The ratio in

1970 was 13.6 In 1. The gcnci'iil
l'ccliiig in the SUNY syslcm is that
lliis rllll() is one of tho lii‘lli-r mics
iiiiioiig HUNY units,

'l‘lic 1072 budget will lic submit-
lr-d lo the Legislature when the
session opcns in January.
SUNYA's chunk of that docu-
ment first showed an cxpcctcd
iiiicrciisc of $5 million. SUNY
('ciili'iil has rcvicwcd lhc request,
Iiul it link iiol I’l'lll‘lll‘d the Division
of llll‘ liiulgi-l.

HIINY (lciili'zil's rcvww of the
111712 builch cut [111- $5 million
Iiici'i-nsc iii $‘Jﬁ million. Al‘t‘til‘ll'
mg to Hiroikiii, 11 rosull of tho
liiidgct cut would be 1111 increase
Ill llll‘ i'iilio of sliiili-nls lo fiii'iilly
Io 16,11 sliulciils pci' fucully iiicm-
Iii-r.

“Wc may wcll lic opci'nling willi
a worsc dcficll nch yciii' lhoii this
your," coiiiiiicnlcd Hii'olkiii, who
cilod llio defeat of tho 'l'i'iuispiii‘lii-
lion lluiid issue
l'ul iii'o fiscal difficult y.

Meeting with Deans

as n source of

Sirollriii’s meeting with iinivcr-
siiy (Ii-nus rcsiillcd in [he fol-
lowuig iigrccd priorilics: to iii-
crcnsc llic ciiiploymcnl of
minority groups and women; in
iiiiproin~ the workload distributed

continued on page Ill

The cliai'gc resulted from 13.0,1’.
Sluilcnl Associzilion's action of
barring white students from the
spcccli unlil all scatSWci’c filled in
the buck. Widolitv. prcsenlcd
Council with a signed staleman
from some of the people lurncd
away from the speech declaring
“ilicy wci'c iiol pci'miltcd In at-
lciiil a function paid for by Stu-
dciii Associalion.”

One of tlic whilc students who
was rcl'iisr-d admiiluncc, said than
ho was liild all souls Wt’l't‘ reserved
for I'Z.(),|’. sliidciils though he saw
old and young black pcopli- bciiig
ziilniiilcd llc coniiiicnicd “llicy
I'iiuilly ll‘l iis. 'lll(l in tho back."
:\ll(illl(‘|‘ wliilc sludciil who was
rcl'iiscil ailnulliincc, coinmcnlcil
that ho was lUl(l lic would l1ll\'(' io
wail for all I'I,().l’. sliidciils in be
scaled liofiii'c lic could bc scaled.

lii rcsponsc lo llic charge, Mike
l.niiipcri., President of Student As»
sociiilioii, assured Council [hat the
Excciitivc Branch would look into
the incident in order to determine
if it is n violation of student tax
policy. If it is, he explained, he
would try to prevent it from
happening again, by either
freezing E.O.P, Student As-
sociation‘s liudgcl for a short
pci'iod or warning them that their
budget would be frown if the
incident occurred iignin.

Council member Eric Loiischciu
commented that everyone who
paid tax should bc allowed into an
event funded by student tax. He
said tliiitlhc incident was a flii-
grunt violiilion of Student As"
sociuiiiiii policy that inundated
iiiiniciliiilc iiciioii. Widclilz siiiil
llinl tlic l“..0.l’. Stiidcnl As-
sociation l)l'i)l(t‘ the trust that Slu-
deiil Associiilioii had in them by
iiol allowing all sludciils lo iilicnd
llic spi-ccli. When [he E.O.l’. Slur
Ilt'lll Association applied for
funds, llicy assured Council that
all cvcnls would be open to the
entire UlilVL‘I'h‘Ily Cullllulllllly,

Day Care Request

 

ln ollier business, 1| loss of
quorum due to Council members
leaving the meeting, cut short
discussion over a budget request
from the Friends of the Day Care
Center. The Friends of the Day
Crin- Center is an organization
formed for (he purpose of
supplying funds for the Day Care
Center.

arr

r ....¢sw._ -

 

