 

 

 

 

Spitune

 

 

 

STATE UNIVERSITY OF ALBANY AT NEW YORK

 

The Revolution. the well-known

acid rock group. has been hired for

Homecoming I972. The group is currently in Argentinian exile for

inciting to riot. but their manager. Marty (Babyl Karenina has assrrred

the university that “the boys‘ll be here for show time."

University Senate

Met This Week

The University Senate rrret tltis
week. The discussion centered
around the proposed Interdisci-
plinary Doctorate in Adrrristrative
Theological Semantics for the
Fall. I974 semester.

Seven bills were sent back to
committee for revision. Three
rrreasures were brought tip arid
tabled. A dyrranric speech by
undergraduate senator llare
Kirschna brought out the fact that
the Chairman of the Academic
Changes (‘ourrcil lras bceir dead
for over two years. Several facrrlty
members denounced the idea as
“too controversial“ and the Serra-
tor was procrastirrated urrirl the
fall.

l’arkirrg lots were also discussed.

Because of the large rrtinrbcr of

bills about to corrre before the
Senate. the Senate voted, 5543‘).
to prohibit any more bills until
January,
The (‘ominittec on Senate
Ily-Law Revisions and University
I’olicy Decisions delivered its
long-awaited report. There was iro
comment. Several senators lamen-
ted the lack of comment. A bill
was introduced to censure anyone
who laments. It failed to pass.
32-35-2.

After" one and one-half lroirrs of
slreritious debate. the Senate rid-
jouriied for lack of a quor'inrr. The
next official rricetirrg is scheduled

for Septober 32. W73,

Paper Honored

The Tower Spitime has captured
the coveted Fleagle Award in the
annual National Mediocre News-
paper Contest. Acceptrrrg the
Fleagle Award at the convention
in Ramsey. New Jersey. was
Leedy Naptha. editress. Cited as
major reasons for the win were (I )
the weekly newspaper's famous

Round the Campus" feature;
(I) the incisive wit of "regular"
Rarrrich Reeny'. and (3) the thrill-
packed “Teacher Tally“.

lri accepting the award for the
Spitune. Miss Naptha gave thanks
to the Almighty and Mrs.
liathiriet, and to lter loyal slttff.
Placing second in the corrrpentroir
was the Hard 'l'imes-l’icayurre of
Ilard Times. Utah. Tlllltl place
was terrrporarily left open for lack
of contestants

Asked what would be done with
the trophy. named “Seliloinr”.
Miss Naptha indicated that he
would be scrubbed down with
Lysol and placed on display in a
scaled plastic container.

.“Dwarfs” to be Shown Again
Players Go to Medical Center

Due to public dcmand,tlre three
members of the Drama ('Irrb who
presented a short series ot'orre-act
plays to air overllow crowd in the
Day Care Center
afternoon will again
“Rumplcstilskiii.” “Snow errte

last Saturday
perform

and the Seven Dwarfs. Alice in
Wonderland an original interpreta-
tion" and “I- sy Rider" Monday
at 1 pm. in Albany Medical ('err-
ter for the entire irrrivcrsrty corri-
inunity.

Irina Schugglenreyer. director of
the piodrrctiorr. expressed aura/e-

rrient at the enthusiasm and

Large Turnout

President Bathrrret‘s every-once-
iii-awlrile University llapperring
attracted its largest crowd on the
year last Thursday.

Three students attended the fi-
ery meeting held in the llaboorr
Rooirt lounge. It started off erh a
bang afacrrlty member dropped a
crip of coffee upstairs.

The most pressing issue at hand
was a complaint on the bell tower.
Since the change to Daylight Sav-
ings Time the bells have chimed
incorrectly. causing rrrarry stri-
dents to miss classes. bedlirrres.
etc. The President promised to
work on the problerri and up
pointed (‘lil‘flrariger Tlltit‘tl. vice-
president for student affairs. as
official time-keeper and Sony
('hess. assistant Vice-president for
student affairs, to snig at irooii
and midnight to replace the
chimes.

Next on ilre agenda was a corri-
plaiiit concerning fire drills. Sever-
al students stated that the bell was
so loud lliat it woke them up,
()tlrers observed that it was incon-
vcrrierrt to have to leave the burld-
trig when they were busy wrtlr
their girlfriends. The President
promised to rrrrtrate silent fire
drills~

The last issue dealt wrtlr was the
problem of parking. litillllllcl
calletl on John ('orrmarrne. assist»
ant director of security. who
wasted no time getting to the
heart of the issue "Amen. there's

a parking problem." he said.

“with-il-rrcss" of the crowd She
said. "I was so amazed at the
enthusiasm and \vitli-it-iiess of the
crowd." "Ruinplestilskin" is a-
botil a short. lllrriois revolutionary
who spins hay iirto Marijuana for
export and profit. "Snow erite
and the Seven Dwarfs" is the
scathineg frank tale of a woman
who. in her search for liberation.
sets up a cominttirc for retired
ltlllgSlltilL‘lllL‘ll.

Albert M. Scrirle has written an
iii-depth interpretation of "Alice
in Wonderland.“ Serrrle. of l’.|.'l

(I’er'sons Involved in Theater] e\<

at Happening

Security Director James erlrrig
entered the llappemirg shortly all
let the parking rssrre was settled
by fiat. Willing reported on securi-
ty's acquisition of :1 portable fire
hydrant. llc remarked. “It's cost
is instilled since we Will make it

tip in parking litres."

Big Discovery

'l’rvo members ol the Physics
departirrcirt \\‘|ll receive air auriid
for a big discovery. llrc discovery
by Myron K. Siralwlryl'l'cr arid
Ilgortl Kirritkrirsslrcn of tlic strbtrb
:irric particle. thc Snarg. \\Illl1lll'g
great fame and many famous perv
plc to the Albany campus.
l’iolcssor Kntiikrtrsslrcii noted
that the discovery was the result
ot marry lrusliating days ol e\per-
rrrrcirtirrg. 'l'lrc protect. sponsored
b_\ the Intense Department. \\|lll
a grant ot \~l..\'tr7.tltltl. \\.i\ one ot
the largest .rI llrc ll|||\t‘|\|l_\.

Snalnlryttcr .rrrrl lvrrrrtkrtrsshr-rr
hope to be able to \tlllllllllt‘ to
unravel the secrets or lllt‘ Snare
So tar. the going has been tough
The Sharp. .ttttl its related unison
particle. llic /.rcliirrrg. .irc trio
small pails ol the larger niystr-n
til Illt‘ D) \]|t'|t||r hlttlt'tlllt‘ \ll\\'t|\
cred in NM In his \’s|iu\skrr
.llltl Norogrodsk ot the Slrot/p.i\
.rricisokm Institute in lt'lllllldltlll
lhc \]Illl|l|lg ot the l)_\\pcptit has
been long .i\\.ritetl b_\ \torld physi-
cists in the battle to tnrr.r\cl the

secrets ot orange ritrcc.

plairied his purpose in writing the
piece. He said. “I just want to
make one thing perfectly clear.
this is the beginning of more
cooperation between the carrrprrs
and the ctrtittlittttlly. l‘Veryonc
should see it stoned."

Rider.” recently made in-
io a ftrll length feature movie by
Walt Disney productions. is the
light-hearted tale of two young
men who frolic across the land.
hither and you. in search ol ad-
venture.

for more inloriiiation call lrirra
at -l5‘)-trl.U.

Teacher Tally

I)AVI1Y (i()()l)l~'lil.l.()errstory.
has won an Oscar for his screen—
play. llrrtclr Acidity and the
l‘iandaiice Kid." Upon accepting
the award. he said. "I rust wanna
llrairk l’aul Nervrrrari for taking my
directions so well."

STAN liLUN'I'. geography. has
been given a .1 million dollar grant
to deisigii and build a full si/c
globe for the adiriiiiistiatioii cir-
cle.

IiliRNARl) I’AI.I.I$I£ARI€R. poli-
ttcal science. presented a lecture
to last year‘s Strike (‘orrrmrttce
entitled, “Why l Want to be an
Adririiristraloi. or (learning Rest-
rooms as a Profession."

SORRY ('lll€SS administration.
spoke to an enthusiastic crowd of
tlitrd grade Brownies on February
ltl. l‘)tr7 about “Sex and Morals
ur the Modern University."

|)R. ,IANI: lillMl’IiR ml’irrrrary.
presented a seminar on “The So-
cial lrrrphcatioris of VI)" She
intends to further research the

srrhrect for a lecture series until

Students Visit
President’s Office

l-rve thousand students \at in .rt
the President's Office yesterday.
demanding an end to
irrarrdatory lirral c\;rrrrs Students
spent si\ hours in the Adinrtris
tratrorr lilllltllltg. ;r\\.rrtiirg .r l’ics»
rrlcrrtral decision on the matter.

At 3 am today. Hitlll .rriirctl
National (iurndsiricn cleared the
building .iirestiirg J.tlt)tl protcst~
ers. One hundred students were
killed. many others Wounded by
the gunfire. I

Adirrrrrrstrairoir ()l't'icrals believe
no further student action is forth
coining.

Vol. LVIII No. 36

Run-Off Slated
For S.A. Ofﬁcers

For Pres.— tampert vs Stokem
For it.P.— Kopilow vs Wilbert
Mandatory Student and Athletic Fees Passed

by 'l mu Cliiigari

Last week's Student. Association elections ended in runoffs for the
two top positions. Today and tomorrow voters will choose betWeen
Mike Lampert and Ken Stokem for the Presidency arid between 'l‘erry
Wilbert and Davv Kopilow for the Vice-Presidency, Last week's
election did not provide any of the candidates with a clear majority as
required by the constitution, the figures were (for the Presidency):
anpert 602. Stokem 3530. Vernon Bowen 228.Mitch Liberman 221.
Bob Burstein I69, arid Ed Colin 85. Terry Wilbert led in the
Vice-Presidential I'tICt' with 622; Dave Kopilow placed see aid with
392 and Steve Gerber was third with 280,

The big tax fight ended with victory going to the prormanrlatory
side. Despite the fact that the I't‘ft‘l'(‘ll(lllll1 was split into two
questions. the vote remained fairly constant. The athletic portion was
voted mandatory 1136 to 628; the student activity portion will also
be mandatory. llilS to (SSH,

There will also be a runoff ltitlay antl tomorrow in the t'olonial
Quad Senate race between write~in candidates Jot-l Lustig and Alan
Rr'ilet' The rest of the Senate ole-lion is as follows: On Alumni
Quad. Cd t\llt'i.'.l‘t’ill and Robert Harris Wt‘l'l‘ elected;(Yoloiiial voted in
Dave Hirsch, Rit‘li Lime. and rid. l’avlis; (irirdori 'l‘ltirmpsirn. Mike
liariipr-rt. Kr-n Stoki-m. airtl Rich Aiken wr'rr- chosen from Dutch; Phil
Cantor. Diane Rowalskr and Jay (‘roldmarr will represent Indian; Stati-
r-It-ctr-d Steve tier-bur, Debbie Natansohn. Aluti Kaufman. and Richard
Soht'i‘ninn; and the Commuters will be represented by Mitch liibt-r-
man. Dave Kopilow. Debbie Smith. (ir'egg Maynard. and (ii-urge
Nt'rtlon.

Elected to Central ('ouncil wore: .Iay l’rrssinarrlt and M. Klrrtako
from Alumni Quad. litili l"timilairl. Randy Far'irsworth. Eric JUSS .iirtl
Rick I ' .' - from Colonial; Kerr Striki-m, Rich Aiken, I’t-sttrs Joyce, and
Rich l“r‘it-tllrirr(li-r‘ representing Dutch; I'Iric lAiliSt'llt‘ltt, Jody Witlt‘lllﬂ.
and Jay Sliustei'hol'l' from Irrdiair; Alan Kaufman. Str-vu ‘rerbr-r. Rich
Soberiririii. and Debbie Natarrsohn representing Slate; aritl l)avo
Kopilow. Jack Schwartz. Cindy Wai‘roii, (‘rri-gg Maynard. T)l‘l)l)|t‘
Smith. Kenneth Eiges. and Gary Carnal for tho commuters,

By far the most. interesting fight was that of lllt' tax question The
referendum was mandated by llll‘ lloard of 'l'i'ustr-t's orr SUNY. and
had provoked some response front the students Much of the student
govvrnnrcirt at Albany State l'avorr-tl a voluntary tax. as did the
conservative groups on campus. A corrrbinatrotr ol‘ the “pro-athletic
tax" people. under the general leadership of the Athletic Advisory
Board. and the organized Iii-ft (runny of whose activities art-
lax-l'urided) was believod to have caused the victory. At other
university centers in the SUNY system. the vote has gone lilllt'll liltll't'
heavily in favor of the tax. llinglianilon's rt-l'i'rt-ntlurii split 7H"i in
favor. 2‘2"}. opposed; Buffalo's Vtilt‘ Was l‘Vt'ti more r-xt l‘l't'llt‘. w.th Hfi'r
of those voting favoring mandatory lax. Stony Brook wrll hold its
vote later this week.

'I'hirteen irrernbr-rs ol' MYSKANIA were t'lt't'lr'tl. but the tapping
ceremony has been postponed and the results witlrht-ltl pending the
possible referral to Supreme Court of certain Central Council actions.

State University of New York at Albany

Run-off candidates for the ofﬁce of S.A. president are Mike anpert (top left) and Ken Stokem (top
right). In the ﬁlial leg for SA, vice-president are Dave Kopilow (bottom leftland Terry Wilbert (bottom

right). Vote today and tomorrow.

---solonran

First Trust ‘Accounts’ Action
Yields Injuries and Arrests

An unexpected vrolt-ril clash between Albany Police and students tlt't‘t
some .‘ltltl pt-riplr- rirar't'lietl downtown iii the rain to "settle accounts

by Steve Salaitl

irred arouan noon on Friday as
‘ with First Trust. Several people

wore llt‘tllt'ti atrtl fritir students \Vt'l't' arrested by the police. ‘
'l'hr- liltll't'lt. ttt'utlltllt‘tl hy the People‘s Coalition for Peace and Justice. started out peaeelully as students

massed together at l)i'apt-r Ilall at approximate
nit-t wrth lllt‘ coalition to comprise a ('l't)W(l of over 300 people. The t'

ly ltltittl a.m. 'I‘hr- 'I‘i'i-tiity Hiin School Student union
rowd first moved to Albany Hiin

. . t . H . . 'ii
School. where students Were not allowed to leave the building aritl jtlllt the march, Shouts ol Free

Allrairy High" and “Clinic on out" were heard as the crowd invited the students to join the

m. Several

students did come out to enter the march.
AI ll:tltl. the leader‘s started the crowd toward the bank. The marchers proceeded down Washington
Avenue. across Robin Street and lllt'll down Wr-str-rn Avr-ntie. As the crowd moved toward State Street.

Students and police clashed Friday irt front of the First Trust Company‘s State Street branch office.

siirriri orrs

they were chanting such slogans as “Smash First Trust" and “Pig
banks make money. (l.|,'s dir- laeh branch of First Trust that the
crowd passed hail a sign on the (ltltll' stating “Services ten'tpoi'ar'ily
discontinued due to t'ir'ctitnstairt'es beyond trtir control." The main
branch hail a similar sign on its front door. except that it was also
guarded by six police wrtlt brllyt‘lrilis.

When the marchers reached State Street. the students ran down the
hill toward the main lit'tltlt'll of I“rrst Trust at State arid Broadway. The
group demanded that the batik be opened. but to no avail. The
marchers lhi-ir IiittVi‘tl to the park. where sevvr‘ril speakers were heard.

Rather Jim Murphy. from “W Schenectady Peace Ut'ttlt‘l‘ talked
about his trip to Paris and his involvement in the People's Peirce
’I‘rt-rity to t'titl the war He r-larmerl that the treaty was a realistic and
honest effort to I'Il(l the Vietnam War He said that “though we are
removed from the agony of Vietnam. wr- nrusl lit' responsible." Ili-
called for the reaching out to people who have vested interests in the
war, under the i'th-r of responsibility. sirclr as First 'I‘rust.

Diana Murphy. a student. talked about the "PHI for a guaranteed
ruinqu Iltt'tillit' of $6.500 for every family of four. She also called for
the I'I'lt'uM' of all |)t>llllt‘;tl prisoners such as Robby Settle airtl Angela
Davis. She claimed lllitl llairlrers ’l'riist \\’t't't‘ “the ci'ririiiiitls.” Paul
Johnson. rib-tr a student. questioned the suddenly ovr-rwlieliriing news
coverage llr- blunted the press for the news hlrrcktitrl on the First
'l‘rust action. during the planning stages Inst Week,

At ripprrixrrrratt-ly II. It). the crowd \Vt'lll to the Irrrirlt to wait for
the "lunch hour" (It-prisitor in order to leaflet arid disucss the action
wrtlt them. During this. >‘trilt'ltla tried to raise rr Viet Cong I'ltig over
the First Trust building litit \vr-rr- stopped liy the police. A little after
iroori. rt lruclt tlr'ivtirg down State Street was blocked by several
students in the street. A student Iii-grin to climb upon the truck.
whereupon tI poliet-rtiair grnbbr-rl to» student. threw him against the

|Continued on page .ll

 

 

