   
   

i
i
i

 

 

 

[MINNIE

Albany State’s tunnels———useful for keeping warm in the winter,
providing convenient shortcuts to class, exploring, and joy—riding on

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

University T111111
For Travel

Many rumors exist about
Albany State’s famed tunnels. The
best way to find out the truth is
to explore, but the University
doesn't like that very much.

Actually there are three types
of tunnels. Those under the podi-
um are large and unofﬁcially open
to the public (9 to 5) All build-
ings except the Library and Per-
forming Arts Center are accessible
through them and during the cold
season (or when it rains) they're
nice to have around. Connections
also exist between the tunnels and
the Lecture Center; these come in
handy when they close the out-
side staircases in December.

The second type of tunnel
connects three of the four quad<
rangles with the podium and heat-
ing plant. Indian Quad does not
have a tunnel of this type—it

 

‘ 9? .

a b'cyde- - ...siluer ,
. would have been too expenswe.

LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL LLL LL- L L
~ w—VVV v vw~~~w~~~w~w~ v~w~ v~—v

l

LLL L _ .. _ L LLLL LLLL

 

Be Part Of The University

Reporters

Researchers

A rtists

All You Need Do Is Simply Fill Out The Coupon Below And Mail It
To Our Office, Return It To Your CA, Or Bring it Up To Campus
Center 334 When You Get A Chance. If You Decide To Mail lt,Our
Address Is: Albany Student Press,Campus Center 334,1400 Washing-

iDo You Want To Become
{Involved In An Activity

l

EThot Enables You To -

Meet People

Have Fun!

,The ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ji
lOffers You These Opportunities.

1; There Are Unlimited Openings For -

Advertising Salesmen

Typists

Production Staff

ton Avenue, Albany, New York 12203.

LLLLLL LLLLLLLLLLLL

V—vvv

 

’v’v—v‘vww’v‘

LLLLLLLA‘LA A—AaA—

LLLLLL LLLL
'v‘VV’vv'v’va

 

 

Plum Chock AI Many As An Applicable

lam interested in being a

 

 

 

 

LLLL L

 

 

a—i

These tunnels are not publically
accessible. There are good reasons
for this: the heating pipes make
the constant temperature about
125 degrees Fahrenheit; space is
limited (tunnels are about 4 feet
wide); and they do not really
connect to the podium (the pipes
run through a crawlway at the
podium end of the tunnel).

The last type of tunnel runs
under the residence quadrangles.
Each uptown quad has one, and

 

SUMMER 1971

els Useful

and Exploration

they run from the loading dock
near the kitchen, around under all
the lowrisers, and back toward the
dining hall. There are connections
to the tower and to the heating
tunnel. Students are not allowed
use of these tunnels. Now used for
moving, storage, and garbage col.
lection, they were originally der
signed during the heat ofthe cold
war for access to fallout Shelters.
The shelters themselves are now
used for storage.

Theater Program

Still Alive

by Linda Waters

Welcome to the wonderful
world of SUNYArts. When it
comes to theater, Albany State
isn’t the vast wasteland you might
expect from a state school.

The theater program at Albany
is twofold. Besides the normally
scheduled major productions
(there are five), there is a weekly
Experimental Theater program.
The Experimental shows are di
rected, produced and run by the
students themelves. This past
year, shows done in this series
included “A Funny Thing Hap-
pened on the Way to the Forum,"
"Celebration," and "Rosencrantz
and Guildenstern are Dead."

and Well

The major productions are di-
rected by the faculty, but the
students do a major part of the
work involved in production. The
past year's offerings included
“Camino Real," "Harry. Noon,
and Night" ta finalist in the Na-
tional Theater Competition held
in Washington, D.C. ), "A Scent of
Flowers." “Peter Pan." and a
double bill featuring "The Bald
Soprano" and “The Measures 'I'a-
ken.

Open auditions are hcld for
every theater production and we
ryone is encouraged to part-
icipate. Notices for auditions an-
generally posted during the first
week ofschool.

 

PICKING ONLY ONE.

 

l

l

l Reporter—— Advertising Salesman

' Researcher— Technical Worker ?

l M“ TV?“ General W0“ “Charlies FOR revive IODA'RNS"

’ Name ll 2“ CENTRAL AVENUE ' BETWEEN nosiiv & LAKE AVENUE

F Home Address , , ‘ ALBANY

' Ciiy Slate . Zip 4 09m DAILY 'ritom sumo" mum

It’s Tomorrow’s Fashions Today
AT

ROSEN'S
Featuring the best of LEVI’S, H.l.S., MALE, LANDLUBBER and

countless more. Choose from 67 waist sizes and leg lengths. Upptii
New York's LARGEST SELECTION. THE HARDEST JOB l5

 

 

 

SUMMER 1971

 

     

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

PAGE 3

 

 

r.

5
.V
»i

l

The Albany Student Press, the twice weekly campus newspaper, pastes up the paper in its Campus
Center ofﬁces.

Albagy Stgdent Press:

...chow

Information to the Community

Reading the Albany Student
Press may be the only way you'll
know what's going on at Albany
State. Published twice weekly and
funded by mandatory student tax,
the ASP covers all areas of campus
activity as well as many off cam—
pus events.

The news department of the
paper covers campus events rang-
ing from an Arthur Schlesinger
lecture to a student sit-in. While
the department's first responsibil-
ity is to report campus cvunts, it
does cover off»cztmpus activities,
augmented by the growing city
news department. Legislativo de
cisions that effect thLI SUNY
system, the draft laws, the voting
laws. and anything else effecting
the Albany student is included in
the paper‘s news coverage. The
ASP adds to its own staff report-
ing through its membership in the
Associated Press and the College
Press Service. Human interest
stories and articles requiring rc-
seiirch and in-dcpth work full in
the area of features. Articles
about work being done within the
university on geriatrics to the
many facets of the university lib-
riiry have been included within
the features pages. Opportunities
for the publication of personal
studies of important events often
fall into the features sphere, cs-
[)UCllllly in regard to investigative
Work done by independent report-

Communications

Workshops Set

Albiiny Sliiti- liiis no courses in
Journalism. For llic uiiin-rsily's
primary conununiciiiions media,
the Albany Hindi-n! l’i‘t-ss and
WSUA, this cotild prch to br-
tlllllt' ii problciii. For the Albany
stiiili'nl who is inti-rcslcil in iour
iiiilisui this could also provr- to in-
tllllll‘ :i liiiiilcranicc. In an attempt
to overcome llllh lllll'lllt‘ n scrim of
workshops, seminars and li-clurvs
in journalism iII't' being put togclli
or this summer

[\l't'll Ill'WSliillll‘l' iuid I‘ilfllti per»
sonni-l are living I'l'L‘l'llIll'(l to con
duct llll‘ sessions that hopefully
Will be givmi this fall. Alli-iidciicv
iil lllt' sessions \Vlll lic voluntary
for all those on campus Intcrcstcd
in the l'tit'i-ts ofjourniilism. Topics
to be covered will range from
pointers on Ilt'Wli writing to a(l~
Vcrtising and the actual physical
makeup of El newspaper. Students
interested in working on the ASP
and WSUA arc particularly urged
to attend.

Members of the Albany faculty
and stuff, and members of local
media, including the Associated
Press Bureau in Albany, hiive
evinced an interest to hpr struc-
ture and conduct the sessions that
might prove to he ll precursor to
an uctuiil accredited course series
in journalism in the near future.

ers on campus. A relatively young
department within the paper, its
growth and possibilities are
boundless.

To deal with the city of Albany,
the ASP recently began its city
department. Located so close to
the state capital and having dormi-
tories and graduate classes within
the city plus the growth of num-
bers of off-campus students more
than necessitates thi.I coverage of
city ncws. While the department is
presently ii small one, it has un-
(IL‘rll'.i.i‘ll some large assignments
including ii three-page special on
the now infamous Albany South
Mall Project. Hopefully, mori- zir-
ticlcs on this and other city-
icliitcd topics will come this year
with a larger stuff.

The sports department cuvcrs all
the major university sports events
including football, soccer, brisket-
ball, baseball, liicrosst', tennis,
swimming, track, cross country,
wresting, and just about all else.
Cchriigc is also allotted to flu-
growing women's athletic activi-
ties.

Arts on campus are rapidly
growing and Well-handled by the
arts staff. Thc university iirt gul-
lcry‘s features frequently lll’L‘ pulr
licized by the staff, as are the
university's many fine theater and
musical productions and many
area iirls events. Regular features
are record and movie reviews
which are particularly aimed at.
interesting many different prefer~
cnces. Large universiy productions
are often previewed by the arts
department.

A new and popular feature of
lust year‘s paper were columns,
some treating Vietnam (from

many different perspectives) and
the problem of Soviet Jewry. This
department. provided splice for
those on the left, the right, the
middle, those with an axc to grind
or in point to miiltc, to present.
their cast-s.

Of course advertising is the
backbone of the paper, and on
and off campus businesses place
ads in the ASP. Classifieds for
those looking for housing or sim-
ply ii kitten, are also available.
Since the paper is a public service,
it griilitti section announcing
meetings, lectures, etc, provides
space without charge for groups.
These are all often grciit aids to
readers in finding needed services
in this tlf‘t‘ll.

In order to make Ilicpzipcrvisuul-
ly inlcrcsting illltl crcativo, :i Vill‘l'
oty of art work is used. The
graphics department is often cal-
lcd upon to cnlivon ll page with its
tiilcnt. Cartoons are also it regular
feature of the paper,

All papers hiivc an opinion, amd
the Albany Student Press has an
editorial section, complete with
“communicntions" (letters to the
editor) from the community.
Anyone may have his ideas pub»
“shed in this section. Since every
paper also has it function to enter-
Lain and to reveal through coni-
cdy, the ASP has cartoons dealing
with on campus and national
cvcnls.

Behind lhewhole production
is the urchnicnl department which
makes the paper ii reality. This
department does the actual physi-
cal makeup of the newspaper. The
stories are typed, proofread, cor-
rected, pasted up on the pages and
straightened in our Campus Cen-
ter offices by the technical staff.

The entire paper needs interest-
cd pt'oplc for writing, research,
selling advertising, pus-ting up, etc.
Just drop by the ASP officer; in
the Campus (.‘ciiliir 326 or fill out.
our coupon.

Put this all together in ll |2, H5
or 20 piigc tabloid size paper
coming out twice ii wci-lt, label it
the Albany Student. Press, read it,
iiiid miiybe l'Vl‘l] work for it, and
how could you not know what's
happening lll Alhiiiiy Stats“!

Upt0wn Operation

For WSUA Radio

by Joel Lustig

For the first time in its nine year history, WSUA, SUNYA's radio
station, will broadcast to all dormitory buildings on both campuses.
This feat will become possible with the addition of Indian Quad to the
carrier current system. After eight years of operating from the
downtown campus, the entire operation will be located in the Campus
Center.

Completely student owned and operated, WSUA has given hundreds
of Albany students an opportunity to learn of all facets of
broadcasting; news reporting, engineering, announcing, advertising,
and radio station operations. Numerous alumni and current members
have gone on to professional employment in the Albany area and
elsewhere.

WSUA (located at 640 AM) programs “progressive” or “under-
ground" music, with a heavy emphasis on campus and student related
news. The station has also exclusively broadcasted all home and away
Great Dane Basketball and Football games and covers most other
university sports. Over the years WSUA has broadcast speeches by
William Kunstler, Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, Michael Harrington,
and other noted people to students unable to attend the events in
person.

Elcction Day is always hCCtlu at the station. WSUA has covered
headquarters in Albany and New York City with an emphasis on races
not given coverage by other media in the Capital District. Members of
WSUA are looking forward to the 1972 Presidential election. Despite
the enormous amount of planning and hard work the experience is
most rewarding and also a lot of fun.

WSUA broadcasts Z-l hours ii dii'y, everyday the dorms are open. The
record i‘ollcclion consists of over 5300 albums and one of the best
‘oldii-s‘ i'olIt-clion in llIt' (‘tlllllll‘y...()Vl'l‘ 11,500 titles. Musically,
WSUA attempts to rcflcct llll‘ tasti- of the majority of listeners, but
with attention in other ill‘t'iIS...jllZ’/., folk, rhythm and blues, and the
illl’ request "Sultirdiiy Niglil of Gold."

llzidio has gained in popularity over the last few years especially
among lllt‘ sixlcon to twr-nly-t'ivu year age briick cl. Most colleges now
ll:l\'l' studi-nl radio stations. ’I‘housiinds more students are becoming
involved in radio as ii hobby, us :i vocation. and as a science. Radio
provrdcs instantaneous communication and can be an influence for
social change in this country. Through WSUA and hopefully ii greatly
lll'l‘tll'd School of Mass Communication tit this Univursity, ii student
will be iiblc to develop his talents in this valuable and powerful
medium.

Although there isn't at this time such a school, therc are numerous
which lr-nd themselves to this area of social sciencu. Various
departments liiivc courses which are applicable to any interested
slitt’ll'lll. As far as technical experience is concci'ncd, you can learn it
lot about engineering at WSUA with little previous cxpcricncc. All that
is needed is lIIt' willingnt'ss to lt‘ill'll. As a service to the students of
Albany State, WSUA liris kt‘pl. resident listeners informed quickly
especially when the other radio and tclcvision stationswurc ignoring
them. The station attempts to hr- ll professional operation with a
direct 2ippciil lo Albiiiiy State students.

Also in tlic Ilt'ill‘ futuri- hopefully is WSUA—FM. This has been ll goal
for both station members and listeners for many years. With hard
working rcspolisiblc people involved this can become ll reality.

During your summer planning confcrcncc, feel frcc to drop by the
WSUA studios (on thc third floor of the Campus Center).

If you think you may llt‘ intern-stud in joining WSUA when you
Iri‘turn this full, the station would be Very interested in having you.
llll' stuff is very large, but there is always a need for new people with
tiilcnt and the willingness to work.

 

For more info, fill out & send to WSUA, CC 316, I400 Washington
Avc., Albiiiiy, NY. 12203.

Name . .
Addicss . . . . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . .
('in .... . . . . . . . . . . .Stziic . . . . . . . . . ../.ip . . . . . . . . ..

 

 

 

 

ANT TO

Buy your books

at the USED

BOOK SALE from September
2nd to September 7th. Books

to be sold will be collected

from August 29th until August

This book sale is run by students for the benefit of students. Sponsored by Campus
Center Governing Board. Funded by Student Associatlon.

 

3lst. The hours will be posted,

and all business is conducted in
the Assembly Hall, which is on
the second floor of the Campus
Center — right off the Fireside

Lounge.

 

 

 

 

