  

ALBANY s'iuosu'r rasss

’Wlll, NOW THE COUNTRY HAS A STRONG GOVERNMENT WITH THE OVERWHELMING
SUPPORT OF THE PEOPLE, I GUESS I’ll. BE MOVING ALONG . . ."

communications

 

questions of oneself, man and society. We wonder
again who will speak for Soviet jewry now that the
Fad is over?We will ask these questions many times

but this is a most important time to ask them. We
ask you out there and ourselves what have we done
for them today?

Dropped

To the Editor:

I have just learned that the Social Studies depart-
ment of this university is planning to drop the
Social Studies Education Major program as of next
semester. This will affect any freshman or sopho-
more currently enrolled in this program and still
under academic advisement in the University Col-
lege. I am urging any Social Studies Ed. major to go
find out what is liappeningand why. Dr. Hurry Price
is the chairman of the Social Studies Department
and may have some answurs, If you‘re not in this
program, find out anyway. You may be the next
one screwed.

Steven De Young '7-i

comparison

Remember I

and repriint

To the Editor:

Cultural Genocide is still being practiced against
Soviet Jews. The Fad is over but the problem
remains. Jewri are being persecuted every day. This
past Rosh Husbana (The Jewish new year) for the
first time the Soviet police were actively “en-
couraging” Jews not to go near the Moscow Sbul
(temple). They were turning many hundreds away
from the shut. As we approach the holiday of
Simchat Torah the holiday when Soviet jews go to
shul in very large numbers approaches we wonder
what Soviet police will do this tiniei’By the time
this letter is printed this eVent will have come and
gone. We wonder what is being done for them and
for other oppressed peoples. For the Jew this past

trillion.
two weeks are days of repentance and of asking

EBEIE m EEP
HE 5 UP, (Mufti/ll)”.
TODAY I HAVE GOOD NEWS...

 
 

 
  
   
  
  
 

   
  
  
     

  

  
  

JurriWiNG THAT FARCT' HE (4M5
. AN ELECTION.

I iii/m;
[V N‘Ifk
m~rio~ lﬁﬂmuw
a

M I it I;:’ M
"AW

 
     

 
 
 

IQ

 

     

w r'
g? vwrio
A»... "In"
'

warming...” mamas...“ M»... ...

 

To the Editor:

Regarding last

problems in thinking of ways to alleviate
situation, any Colonial Quad resident
trekked to the lot to find the
be pleased to offer he

we ‘Vt WON A MEAT fur/71141
VIETGRY IN SAIL-UN. we
(OMFUTUY DIS/CWbe

[RH [tit Tlr'Nf WlTllr
our HAVING Tu‘ riﬁr' A
(HOT! iN racr, we
IMDN’T HAW To no A
.I THING ~7Hl)’ 01/) IT ;.

50 I'M AFR/MD THE (.0, SAYI WE

‘.
.r'lh / as? “‘5 ./D
a \k‘i\ v ', “"‘"' /
«. 337 C '
up 5
’;‘tlwl; ? 
[-qu ‘ - s /
‘ ‘ LA-
itoweVER. THIEU iNSiiri THAT THUif is No
.- vMSLé OPFosrrioN. Twang/(g W06 TUKFN “4075 To ReMiN

D THE
THAT THERE If STILL A mu 4. AMERIMNS '
I ﬁguring ,. so in} oer
l “Haiti “,Tmff' TWELEADOUT.’ 
1H “‘A‘" My"; id?!" I
Alan I

-
may

Tran.)
Ath, §\

In peace.

Shalom

THE STUDENT COALITION
FOR SOVIET JEWRY

Colonial Parking

week's letter about the inade~
quacies of Colonial Quad‘s vacant lot,
experienced the hazards of parking legally.
and ticket charges seem

A Resident in “Paine”

   
 
    
 
  
     

GOTTA FIRE

    
     
   

7/ RMT/ l’E/

  

 

I .
1,. /l ’
  l' '
\ ii ‘I‘ i
. ’ \ I
i' at
. ’i‘r ‘

 

l have also
Towing
ii small inconvenience in
to the expenses already incurred to
replace a stolen side view mirror, and to bang out
$250 worth of dents due to
overcrowded, unpaved, undelineatcd,
scant policing of this lot.

The previous damages occurer I
turned to Colonial expecting, after the
see some improvements made, However it
discouraging to find last week that while p
the lot my car was further damaged.
security expect students not to park on the
and on the quad with this pro
of ticketing these cars, lc
about the vandalism to the legally parked cars.

A university that is annually inerc
body Inlle increase its facilities.

poorly lit and

ast year. I re-
summcr, to
was
arkcd in
Ilow can
circle
sent situation. Instead
I security do something

using its student
If there are any

   

editorial comment

 

Phase II of Nixon's Non-Plan

Perhaps the most interesting thing about Richard Nixon‘s speech
last night is what he didn’t say. And he didn’t say picriiy, His
statements were so predictable that we guessed his next sciiiciicc
as we listened, a particularly Nixoriian game of ours.

Apart from the “just folks" fan mail (cleverly culled from
around the nation). the major part of the speech dealt with new
names for the “price-stabilization" committees already in
existence.

lie was very vague on specifics, except to coniiiruc the
exemption of “raw agricultural products" from the frcc/c. This.
of course, screws royally the average consumer and orgriiii/riiirrrn
directly related to food preparation, such as our own l‘SA. Most
speciﬁc questions are to be answered today at noon \vlicri I)lt'k’\
whipping-boy, John Corinally, meets the press. These include such
crucial matters as pay increases (negotiated before the lice/c)
which will go into effect during the next four months.

As a sop to the big labor leaders. who have complained zihoui
the lack of restraints on proﬁts and dividends. Richard appointed

a Committee on Interest and Dividends under Arthur Burris
(Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board) which will liiivc ilic
power (or non-power) to urge voluntary restraint on corporate
America. He made the point that “where this happens (c
profits), the Price Commission's policy will be that
should pass along a fair share of its cost savings to the uranium
by cutting prices." This applies to “windfall” profits onh.
though, because (as we all know) profits generally inc good loi
America.

xccss
business

So much for nice statements. liven i

I l' the President holds
iiillrilion down to

“two or three percent per year", ihrri‘x two or
three percent more than wach can rise (They're t‘io/cri.rUiil‘Ililwi‘t
And you cziii bet that GM is not going to plou its ptr'ilh il-lkh
into the "savings" Dick talks about,
“Phase II is Phase I remained, and nothing icinziiiis nothingcrcrr
ll you give it a thousand new ririiiic
tcclli into llic Nixon proposals. especially regarding pin!!!» and
llllL'l'CSl. because Dick will never do ll Iriinscll. li‘s iriirc “c
stopped dcludiiig ourselves that “l072 is going to he :i gnarl w.”
lor America." it will be rr tough yczii‘. a year ‘tll rirurc
rclrciicliiiicnl and iiillalioii. Prosperity is Illl/ around the u'IHL'I.
ll 5 going to have to bc Worked at, and worked at land. In All I"
as. Despite his fair iiiuil.froin all Ilic little people ("Wc curl inkc u,
Misicr Nixoiil"). soiiicoiic‘s going in h.er in iL'\lt;lltl Ilic
('oi‘poiaiioiis. ‘
Perhaps if Mr. Nixon solicited sonic nicc lcltcrx lrorir Ihc
(‘liuiiiricn of llic Boards of IBM. US. Stccl
all the other greats , we could 5ch-

s, ('oiigrcss should prri sititlt‘

.(icllct‘dl Moron. .rrul
p more soundly.

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1971

‘

   

  
 

 

this
who has
niselvcs parked in, will
lpfiil hints to the adminis‘

Albany Student Press

tom clingaii
crlilur~i'ii»cliicf

’“’“’-" Willi" urlrr-rlixrrig nmnugcr
- - r . . .vickircldin . , . , ,jeffrodgcrs
us’xru‘lulc News r'dilrir Icr'liiiir'ul r'rli/rm‘

_ . . . . niaidaoriiiglier , .sircscligwll
ﬂ'lllllrci' t't/f/UI'X . . warren u'isliarl

 

john friirluill him/iris iiiririugcr
 - debbiciiataiisohii . . . . pliiliiiiirk
um. ‘l‘l’l‘m‘. iii/I'r'rli'xiiig [Il'r n/Ili‘lli w
.stcveaminoff , . , I I , , Inglnhridcs
. . . ,garysussiiizui
.i/mrli cdi‘iur clam/lei!

 

- ~ - . hobzarcinlia . . . . dcbliic kiiciucri
fl) ')
I “I’J’ r'rrr‘iilrrlrriiiIiiriiirigcrr
. . . . . ,robertiiiuycr I , I I , I ,"mrklilriilski
[Ilium l’t/llrlr m” “nod
- ~ A - sieve potluck .L’I'IIIJIII

.\llt‘ pallm

Deal Bunny Stuw Duiit prussers tow kllo dead and oak .iinpuriis norm, 3?“.
uddou late you never see too all gnu your out All Bunny. A" UW'“ n
457~2|84 and 2130.th arse upsut Irud buyiir iniinnud ii iory stew diiiit AX“-

omu eunuch . Urchin surly rnuiort lwu 300 wuirrl sanders alum" 00" Ed‘
3 thing. buy do Eddy touring CIIDID, land not uruirnu spol icv

 

 

  

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1971

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 0*.

THE

 

 

 

COMMUNICATIONS

 
 

   
  

Letters to the Editor are printed each Tuesday and Friday. We
attempt to print every letter uncut, and request that letter: be
kept to 300 or less words. This is one of the few ways on campus
to make your opinions heard, so make use of it. Complain,

suggest, rebuke, or argue - it's your right. And this is the place to
do it.

 
 
       
  

 

 
 

 

“Buyer's Guide"
Fan Mail

    
     
   
  
 
 

 

   
 
 

    
  

UpseHing the Monopoly communications

minds that scribble its editorials call for goonAsquads
rind legal banning of the opposition. The Left
always exposes its true nature when given the
chance,

 
 
     
 
 

To the Editor:

    
     
     
  

A Suggestion

 
 

Regarding your recent editorial concerning the
“Student Buyer's Guide":

Competition is the life-blood of any business.
Those who cannot cut the mustard should get out.
Until recently, competition on the Albany campus
was a myth: The ASP was the only outlet here that
businesses could advertise in and ASP editor ’I‘Om
Clingiin is determined to keep it that way.

Now the “Student Buyer’s Guide" is threatening
to upset Tom's monopoly and Tom is getting
Worried. Now advertisers have a choice of news-
paper outlets at State and perhaps some healthy
competition might do the ASP some good. But, as
they say, 'l‘oin, “If you can’t take the heat, get out
of the kitchen,” Rather than harrass the Student
Buyer’s Guide as Mr. Clingiin suggested (thus
demonstrating his total lack of responsibility) stu~
dents here should commend the SEC and wish it
well. As for the ASP (whose funds are, unfor-
lunatcly, guaranteed by the student tax) and its
editor, they deserve neither the respect nor support
of the student body in their attempt to "force" the
Student Buyer's Guide off campus.

 

Sincerely,
John C. Bartlett
Brubacher Hall

    
      
    
    
   
      
    

To the Editor:
Response The concluding advice of your editorial of

October 5 seems rather senseless.

Since a student newspaper is funded in large part
by student taxation, we assume that the primary
purpose of the ASP is to provide a service to the
student body which subsidizcs it. The allocation of
commercial advertising space in the ASP should be
viewed as an adjunct to this primary purpose—that
of service to the student. The generation of addi-
tional revenues from ad sales should be considered
only an incidental benefit. Since the ASP chooses to
enter the business arena by selling commercials (“to
make a buck"), it should be expected that compe-
tition would ensue.

This has happened with the introduction of a
private venture called “student buyer's guide". It
seems to me that. because of its wider inter-school
circulation and broader advertiser base, this pub-
lication provides an informational service which no
single college newspaper can.

A more sensible way to “knock the competition"
is to recommend that student government establiin
and levy a fee on any private publication for
distribution rights on campus.

'I‘o relegate “sbg” “unopened into the nearest
trasbcan”, only contributes to our rampant paper
pollution.

  
   
         
       
     
     
 
   

To Mr, Frost and Mr. Bartlett,

       

All this "fan mail" calls for a response. It might.
interest both Mitch Frost and John (7. Bartlett to
know that the student newspaper hurt the least (as a
matter of fact, not hurt at all) by the Ripoff Guide
is the Albany Strident Hess. AS such We him!
nothing to gain financially by its trashing. Mitchell
Frost and John C. Bartlett, it womd appear, must
always see the world in a financial light.

Doesn't it interest anyone that the man who put
himself forward as Advertising Manager of most of
the area college papers (and raised their rates
generally by as much as l()'%~) then proccded to
screw them by sending their advertisers a letter
saying, in effect, “Advertise in my Buyer's Guide
and sith‘ a fortune"?

’l‘he first amendment to the Constitution prohibits
the student government here from taking action,
which is l'D'IISSlll‘lnﬂ to Illl‘ as a newspapermun. Yet
the damage heiiig done by the ripoff guide is III)
great to pass unnoticed. Some have remarked that
student newspapers are going through the same
phase that small businessmen Went throuin aflr-r
World War Two, only Wt‘ can make our case more
publicly because we are a conimuniciilions medium.
This may Well be true, which poses the question,
“Which would you rather have, a successful student
newspaper (all this paper takes money, be it tax
money or advertising), or a 100% advertising Slu-
ilcnt Buyer's Guide." The choice, as they say, is
yours. Are you going to let the (favaninighs of this
world make it for you, while the I“I‘()sls and the
Bartlclts slund idly by'.’

   
   
       
          
       
      
      
        
      
      
     
      
       
        
           
   
     

Mitchell Frost

      
       
         
       
    
  

Trash the ASP ?

  
   
         
         
 
    

'I'o Illl' I‘Idilor:

   
      
     
   

Joke of the year: An .‘lh‘l’ editorial counseling the
student body to deposit .S'liirlr'iil Buyer's Guide in
Ihe trash I should have tlioughl the :lh‘l’ to be the
most likely candidate for that treatment.

Unfortniiately, we are not talking about joking inat—
tcrs For the .-\SI’ to cleverly' champion goon-squad
tactics (“ripoff”) to destroy competition press, is
simply disgusting llowuvcr, for the ASP to advocate
the legal banning by the student government of a
certain newspaper on this campus or anywhere, is a
serious threat to i'Very citizen‘s Constitutional right
to read what he pleases without interference from
constituted authority. 'Ihe ASP screams about “King
Richard" and supposed repression, and ycl the small

 
  
     
   

Respectfully,
Nick Artgyros

      
           
      
    
 
 

(Editor's note: Mr. Argyi'os' idea o/a fee levied on
"private publications" urhri distribute on campus is
good, but Hague and difficult to enforce. Per/raps a
better wording would be "private publications
containing more their fifty percent advertising by

Tom (llingan area". It would remain difficull to collect and
EditorAin-Cbief enforce. in any case.)

      
      
          
        
      
  
   
   
  

 

     
     
        
   
  

  
  
    

     

 
  
   
      
 
   
   
  
   

V\_
Bu't akin- . ‘1‘" 'I
{\nssCC

 

When I came 1" ﬂ“:

Sclxsol , l ii“. id ii ms
3d- “huh-L...

M
So “uh \ 1d
 in *h( 411%" lohtry.
A“ J “V. (“‘1ch why

I‘m tore...
\A.

   
   
 
  

   

RVMLI"

     
  
   
   

    
 
  
  
 

    
  
 

I wasn't so \of(.
“So:\ Q‘sorcl,"p* \ucsk V...
(“linking ﬂu $.61..."

! don't Kn“...

 
   
         

   
 

  

   

\‘v
ml 1'th ‘ki
newer kih
"\t...
"V

 
    
    

  

 

 
 

Lotks bk!
anaThti‘ islnlﬂl

  
     
     
 
 
 
 
   

 

 

 

