 

 

‘ race 2

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

 

This anonymous lndian would probably be more than happy to have one of the dormitories on Indian
Quad named after him!

[AP Wirephotoj

Indian Quad Commemorates
Tribes Not Individuals

by Robert Mayer

Unlike the three other quads,
Indian Quad's dormitories“ names
do not honor individuals, but in-
stead commemorate tribes. Dr.
Harry Price, Director of Social
Studies and an authority on New
York state history at SUNYA
explained that the names were
chosen a decade ago by a commit-
tee. He noted that the reason

tribal names like Cayuga, Adiron-
duck, and Mohawk were chosen
was due to the likelihood that
significant tribal personalities
from these regional groups were
difficult to come by. Colonial
Quad, with names like Paine, Zen-
ger, and Livingston, honors men
who played a leading role in our
colonial period. Dutch Quart com-
memorates men like Van Cort-
landt and StuyVesant whomme
from the Netherlands and estab-

 

Some cars
look great at the
dealer's. But gel them out on

road,

lo2l State Street

 

 
 
 
  

the street and it‘s a dillerent story.
Fortunately tor us (and you) the MGB isn't like that. The inklings
you get about it in the showroom are more than realized on the

And the reasons aren‘t hard to lind: a 1798 c c lwm»carb engine.
rack-and-pinion steering. racmg-type suspen5ion, lront disc
brakes, and a lolly-synchronized 4~speed gearbox.

So come on in and take a look at the MGB. You'll like it. And
you'll still like it alter you take a no-obligation tesl~drive. And isn't
that what buying a sports car is all about?

JOHN ll. RUDD PONTIAC, Inc.

Schenectady, N. Y .

 

 

FINAL SENIOR PORTRAITS
& RETAKES!!!

lNFORMAL DRESS...

Sign up now at the Campus Center

Information Desk

appomtments

(evening

available on A

Wednesday and T orsa’ay)

 

lished themselves here, and State
holds names of non-political
figures like Robert Fulton and
Washington Irving who achieved
prominence in our state. In all the
quads, names have been Chosen
because they occupy a place in
New York's history.

Cassidy Seeks
County Office

Jill Cassidy, the youngest candi-
date for the Albany County
Legislature this year, is one of
only two women running for that
office. She firmly lielii'Ves in
honesty in government and is
making herself a link llt‘lwt‘t'll the
desires of her constituents and
Albany's decision-rnaki-rs.

As the Republican candidate in
the l7th district, Jill is facing an
uphill fight. The Dcrnocrats out
number the Republicans in the
district by a tilt margin.

One of Cassidy's major p|at~
forms is to light corruption in
Albany County. Cassidy, who-
became a candidate in July, hiis
recently won a victory for good
government in Albany County.
On August 30, her opponent in
the l7th District sponsored a reso-
lution in the Legislature to sell
some plots of land in a middle
class residential area of Albany for
from $530-$300. (hissidy. however,
exposed the fact that the plots
were really worth from $8,000 to
$12,000. The legislature revoi'scd
itself and decided to hold off on
the sale of this land.

Anyone interested in working
for Jill (Iassidy may call her at
482-8093 for information.

Sl 51 Si $1 si Si 51 st
HELIMAN THEATRES

offer you .i student discount at
all llll'l‘l' theatres Just present
your Sluticnt II) card, and you
get III for till. Offer good Mou-
day lliru Thursday only, except
holidays.

   
 
 
 
 
    
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

‘ ' Ell 'I'U
THEATRE 'l‘lIEAwl‘rftE
colonic 1 mile no. of
bll()pplllll Latham
lenter - l‘l‘ Circle
ot Macy s on R ta. 1'
-l5ll-2l7tl 7811-553!)

HELLMAN
THEATRE
Washington
Avenue
Across from
SUNYA

459-5300

  

 

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1971

Union Files Suit
For Student Vote

New York (AP)—-The New York Civil Liberties Union filed suit in
federal court Wednesday to win students the right to vote in the
communities where they attend school.

The suit was filed in behalf of three students at the New York State
UniVersity at Stony Brook, and Common Cause, a self-described
citizens’ lobby headed by John W. Gardner.

“By refusing to permit the three newly franchisedstudenls to vote in
the college community where they live, the state has unconsti-
tutionally taken away their right to vote," the suit contended. Ii
asked for the convening of a three-judge court to rule on the matter,

The court papers claimed that students are denied equal prulm-[iun
of the laws because they are subject to a residence test that is applied
to no other group.

Mobile America Cali Vote

“Nontenured teachers at the same college, who can reasonably be
expected to move on after three of four years, are allowed to vote,“
the union said. “Highly mobile industrial employees transferred by
their companies are allowed to vote."

“One out of five Americans changes his residence each year. Yet no
one but students are prevented from voting because of expected
mobility," it said.

The Plaintiffs

The brief said that one student, William Ramey, 19, has no parental
home. His parents have been divorced since 1958, his mother is dead,
and he has not seen his father, who lives in California, since 1962.

“If he is not allowed to vote in Stony Brook, he will be totally
disenfranchised bemuse there is nowhere else- he can vote," it said.

Plaintiff Robert Cohen, 20, of Brooklyn, has livod inn Stony Brook
dormitory 12 months of the year since 1967, is self-supporting, aan is
listed as a Suffolk County resident on his driVer's license and passport.
the court papers said.

The third plaintiff, Toby Gutwill, 19, “cannot vote elsewhere
because her parents live in New Jersey and she has no intention of
returning there after graduation," according to the brief. Because New
Jersey is one of many states that do not allow such (robot-slate
students to vote, Miss Gutwill would be totally disenfranchised under
present law, the court papers said.

Students Involved in Campus Community

The union argued further that students lives are affected by l.l)lllllg
laws, park ordinances and police misconduct" in their colli-gr»
communities.

Students are included in census counts of collcgctowns. llll‘ll'
numbers increase the legislative representation in their particular
community, and they should he allowed to vote for those reprr
sentatives, the still. said.

The ACLU said that, because federal aid and li-gislnliw- apportion
ment are based on census figures that ittt'ltltlc the student population.
towns like Stony Brook must either let students Vote or haw- Ila-n

census—and thus their federal aid and legislative l't'jll'l'

scntation~ red uced.

Albany Top Men Reorganized

continued from page I
The President announced the formation of two search committees,
one for a Director of Research under Vice President Salkevm‘, and llll‘
other for someone to head the SUNYA Foundation, which has a large
fund-raising role. He also said that he is anxiously awaiting the
decision of the search committee for the Dean of the College of Arts
and Sciences.

 

L. Norbert lahin is the new Assistant Director of the Faculty
Student Assocaition. [alun is currently centering his activities around
straightening out the problems of the bookstore.

rlh'l’ I‘IioIo/(‘liom

 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1971

 

Librar System
_ To Be mproved

Last year there was a good deal of furor over the SUNYA library.
Among the shortcomings charged were Library hours, charge-out
systems, chaos among the periocals, and inadequate control of theft.
Th. Interim Director, J.R. Ashton,’ lies made anunber of changes since
then, and is planning more.

According to a statement submitted by the Library Student
'Advisors, the library computer might have been the cause of many of
the last year’s problems. They said that the computer was
“inefﬁcient, expensive and defectively programmed." Although the
new manuel system may seem to a lot of students to be a lot more
work, hopefully it will allow the library to function faster, cheaper,
and more efficiently. The whereabouts of every book that is out can
now be determlned with only a 7 to 8 hour lag.

Another major change has resulted in a relocation of periodicals.
Last year, periodicals were scattered over three floors of the library.
Not only students, but Library staff as well, were uncertain as to the
location of any given periodical at anytime. This year all periodicals
have been arranged in a room in the library basement.

Although theft continues to be a problem, staff are now
permanently on guard at the front exit. The difficulty involved is that
the building was never designed as a library, and presents too many
opportunities for theft. The same architectural problem is the reason
that the Library must be an open stack causing many booksto be
placed out of order on the shelves.

As was the case last year, the Library still closes at 5 on Friday and
Saturday nights, and at midnight other nights. During the month of
October, Library staff will be keeping track of nighttime populations
in the building, with a view to keeping the top 3 floors open until
about 10 pm. and the basement, with periodical and reserve facilities,
open 24 hours a day. In this way, the Library could redistribute its
small staff in order to provide the maximum amount of time during
which study areas are actually available to students.

The Library budget was cut by $300,000 last year. This means a
drastic cut in acquisitions and personnel available. The overall budget
of state university libraries was cut some $2,000,000. In order to
share resources so that students may obtain books unacquired by. or
stolen from the SUNYA Library, the inter-library loan service is
available. By going to the inter-library loan office on the main floor,
students can order a book to be brought to SUNYA from another
library in the state. This service takes about 10 days.

No one can regulate cooperation by students in the push to make
the SUNYA Library more acceptable. However, the Library Student
Advisers have warned that stealing books, misplacing books, ripping
out articles, and talking in study areas is behavior from which the
entire student body eventually suffers. “The Library is struggling its
best with a shoestring budget and other problems whose source seems
to be beyond its control. The understanding and help of all is
needed."

Boyer Announces

SUNY Regionabza' tion

Albany, NY. (AP)-7Thc State
University is embarking on a pro-
gram that is intended to en-
courage students to attend state
colleges near their homes.

Under the program, outlined
T .esday by Chancellor Ernest L.
Boyer, a graduate of a public
two-year college would be guaran-
teed admittance to a fourvyear tion ofdormitories.
state college in the area, beginning Boyer spoke to reporters here
in 1972. after the university's Board of

To accomplish this, the state is Trustees endorsed the plan in a
divided into four “coordinating meeting in New York City.
areas" outside of New York
City—not included because it is a
separate system under the control
of the City University, The co-
ordinating areas are further
divided into eight regions,

A graduate of a two-year college

would be more regional than state»
wide,” Boyer said. "Proximity
does give a lot of opportunity."
Boyer said he'was not for a total
commuter college system in the
state but "I don't think we can
justify campuses that are 70 to do
per cent residential." The univer-
sity is trying to curb the construc

Registration Time

SUNY Chancellor Ernest L.
Boyer has sent a letter to all
could go to any four-your slate SUNY Presidents urging each cam»
college in the coordinating area. 9‘15 "10 l’l't’Vld“ Spet'iul Opportuni-
llowever,hi- would not have that ties for make-up work for any
guarantee If he sought admittance students who must be absent dur-
to a state senior college outside ing all or part ol‘ the period
September 30 to October 2, 1971,
for purposes of returning home
for voter registration."

the coordinating area.
“It may mean at the transfer-
level, that the incoming students

    

11th] year the SUNY library hopes to see many lmprovemaita. However, the new manual system requires

more time from students wanting to check out books.
ASP Photo/Chow

‘Hearing Board’ Proposed
By Judicial Steering Committee

The steering committee was developed from the
judicial workshop which met last February. The
proposal was drafted as a response to a twelve page
questionnaire answered by interested students last
year. The committee is comprised of teaching
faculty. administrative faculty, and students. Repre-
senting security, EOP, student affairs, student con-
duct aiid several other areas of the campus, the
committee members are able to offer opinions on
how their particular groups would react to a change
of policy in the Albany judicial system.

A draft of the proposition will be presented to the
Central Council next week. Other university groups
such as Student Association, Senate Professional
Association, Security, Quadrangle Student Associa-
tion and EOP will also View the proposal. The
response of these organizations is not known or
predicted.

During the week of October 25, the steering
committee will meet and evaluate the responses of
the aforementioned groups. They will then suitably
adapt the resolution and subject it to university
approval. The President and Board of Trustees must
approve the resolution, The committee hopes to
have the new system implemented by next semester.

by Andrea Carson

A Hearing Board. consisting of students, faculty
and administration members, is the major facet of a
proposed draft by the steering committee of the
Judicial Workshop. This proposal, discussed at a
September 23 meeting, would alter Albany State’s
judicial system by delegating judicial power to this
board.

The present system provides for the various
judicial committees to have fair hearings for all
students and then to submit their recommendations
to the OffiCe of Vice-President for Student Affairs.
The Vice President then makes the final decision.

The proposal calls for a community judicial
system which would affect all members of the
university community. It also provides for a clearing
house to be established which would receive
questions, complaints and refer people who need
further assistance to various organizations. Many
associations exist to air grievances on campus but
are not well publicizud. This clearing house would
establish precedents to act as pattems for crises. The
proposal seeks to combine the best features of
already existing judicial boards and will not alter
their structure or authority.

Thorne Leaves Albany Vice-Presidency
To Assume Post At Central Office

continued from page I
and the individual campuses. He campus.has been built, and the With 3 him Or Sadness. “I'm ex‘
will also be responsible for student enrollment has increased Cit-Ed about my new lOb. I hﬂVe 8
communications with the com- from 1.300 L0 14.000. The new 10" 0" ideas-"hm 1"“ Very
muniiy, the government, both vice chancellor gazed out of his ﬂttﬂChEd ‘0 Albanyr it has been
state and federal, and with cduca- ﬁrst floor corner office in the my entire PFOfessional “fen-I will
tional foundations as well as AdminlSimllon Blinding. thin he miss the daily: intemlve coma“
business and industry. The vice PUFPOSUIY SCIL‘CLed becaus“ “1 With SWdenl-s-H
chancellor stated that "SUNY didn‘t “mm to hide," ‘md “Med
Central needs more contact with
students in order to be able to
interpret their needs and desires."

Since 'I‘horne has been at
Albany the school has changed
from a teachers'COllege to a uni-
versitv center, a brand new

CURIOSITY
BAZAAR

 

Wholesale
Waierbed
Co.

200 Delaware Avc.. Albany

with this ad, any
size waterbed

 $20.

Watchouclics Watcr(.‘hairs
Watct'l’illows

SUNY Gym
Tickets:
$2.50 with Tax

 

 

 

 

Homecoming Concert

featuring

Livingston Taylor

Friday, October 8
doors open at 9:00

w/oui Tax
(when buying tickets, proof of 18 years at 92 or coll!” ID!

455 Washington Avenue
Albany, New York

Carly Simon

l’That‘s the Way I've Always
Heard It Should 80')

$5.00 4620069

 

 

 

