 

PAGE 2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

A Quad Residents Enjoy Serenity

Indian Quad Awaits Completion

by Paul Bachman

Although Indian Quad awaits final completiOn, one may find that quite a life already exists on the
newest of Albany‘s quadrangles.

Upon entering the perimeter of the quad, a visitor confronts several ditches and mud pools. The
courtyard displays a vacant tower lacking both the light and sound of the other three towers. If you
choose to enter one of the completed low rise complexes, you may smell an air of newness, the result of
freshly cut wood and molded concrete. An obvious trait of this new quad is the corridor system; the
bathroom facilities are accessible by means of hallway doors.

But how do the residents themselves feel about life in Indian Quad? Several students provided the
following information about their residence in the quad. Felt to be among the favorable characteristics of
Indian Quad is the noticeable' lack of loud music and noisy people. In short, on air of serenity
pervades the area. Because of the limited population, residents have been able to acquaint themselves in a
rather personal way.

Another unique part of Indian Quad life is the 4+2 program. This program places responsibility for dorm
operations on the residents of the two coed halls. The 4+2 program sponsors their own social gatherings.
parties and picnics. Generally, the participants of the 4+2 plan seemed quite pleased to be a part of this
pron-m.

    

 

But when will Indian Quad
ﬁnally reach completion? Waite!
Tisdale, head of campus planning,
says that by January 1, 1972 the
tower will ﬁnally be ready for
occupancy. However, all plans are
subject to the progress of
construction.

Presently, the basements of two
low rise units are incomplete but
should reach completion by the
close of the fall. Plans for an
outdoor dining tcrracc. scheduled
to be completed by spring, are
still being discussed. Nevertheless.
the (lining room, situated in the
basement of Indian Quad‘s tower,
has been open since the beginning
of thc l97I-72 your.

Regardless of when lndianQuad
will become complctc, life goes on
almost parallel to that of the
other quads. In fact, onc might
cvcn wonder if it isn't cva a little
morc uttractivu.

  

. _\ -
a ‘ ‘ 1. 'a
,

 . 41'  ..
A view of the still incompleted India

    

n Quadran e.
I'ilS'I’ I’lIoIo/Dchlmg

Applications

 

for

University Concert Board
are now available in CC 364

Deadline: Friday, September 24

 

 

 

 

g BOOZE-BEIER—WINE- '
g _  SANDWICHES-PIZZA

3:53:10“ THURS— FRI — SAT

 NICK BRIGNOLA 
OLDE F  5 S  ii:

Oignnuonon
FULL— LENGTH FEATURE THIS WEEK

LONE RANGER-ZORROcOUR GANG
"MIGHTY JOE YOUNG"

0W. C. FIELDSOLAURELL HARDYOOTNERS

SUN — — MON  WED

“war .;.;

V0

  
    
  

    

 

 

IUI SHAY
UNIV

 

 

 

 

WSUA Predicts

" ‘ii
fpv‘lill

{Hui-III

 

ASPl’hato/Chow

Slim Chance For FM

by David Taffet

Albany State's radio station, WSUA, which since
January had been broadcasting only eight hours H
day from its Uptown studios, now broadcasts
twenty-four hours a day from its new headquarters
in the Campus Center.

Staff members stuycd during the summr-r to
complete work on facilities in the (Inmpus (,‘cntcr.
Major delays were cncountcrcd (luc to “rod lnpc"
involved in acquiring the spucc. ()ncc [his wns
solvcd, walls had to be built to partition thc studios
and new equipment had to be installed,
Construction was completed by tho cnd of July.
WSUA's record collcction consisting of 5,000
albums and 13,000 singles was brought from thc old
Brubacher studios by the staff.

The On the Air Studios in room :il6, broadcasting
news, sports, and DJ. shows, how- been in operation
since last January. Room 320, complctcd this
summer, is the production studio. Programs ill‘l'
taped and records are put on curtridgcs and storctl
there. Commercials and “The Tuesday Night Folk
Show" are both done from room 320.

Littleton Smith, WSUA station manager whcn
questioned said, “There’s a very slim clmncc of
getting an F.M. station this your." The proccduri- in
obtaining a liccnsc for F.M. is an involvcd lcgnl
procedure. An F.M. station would bc broadch
through the air instead of through the UIIivr-rsity
wiring as WSUA-AM is. Permission must be grnnlcd
to erect a transmittcr and engineering consultants
would need to bc cullcd in. According to Smith, it
would cost several thousand dollars.

A gcncral intcrcsl meeting will bc hcld on
September 26 for anyone interested in working In
any capacity for WSUA.

Mailroom Robbed

by Stch Silltllll

'I‘hi- mIIilroom on Colonial Quad was hrokcn into lilhl

En truncc

was gIIincd by brcnking tlu- bolt on thc door.

\\’1-t'lt
Mom

mailboxus Wcrc cmpticd illHl it is bclicvcd that tho culprltts) wcrc in
scorch oi moot-y ordcrs or any olhcr vuluahlcs that might haw lm-II
5011' III thc nnnl.
‘l'nn'ly l‘l‘lflil)’ of last Wt‘t'k, il studcnt living on (‘oIonnIl ()nnd.
(llscovcrcd that tho mmlroom hnd bccn brokcn into, iltltl llInl It!“
nnnlboxr-s had been cmpticd.

btcvc Anthony. thc l’ostnl Supt-rvmor, along with l“ctch‘tIl l‘m.I.I|
lnspcctors wurt- cullcd III to invostigntc whcthcr any fcdcrnl sliIIIIII-s
hnd hccn broken. No ll-dcrul IIwa has bccn l)I'Hl(l'I), hut lio- slnln- |..\\'

prohibiting

violutcd.

v ‘ 'lnmpcl mg With privatc I'()IIIIIIllllll'iIlIUil lliHl
Ihu Invcstrgntlon by sccurity is continuing ul tlIIs lion-

llt‘l'll

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1971

Attica Tragedy
Spurs Reaction

by Maida Oringher

The recent occurcnces at Attica State Prison have triggered off
action at various universities as well as at Albany State. In response to
student demands, the Medical School at the State University at
Buffalo offered last Thursday to assume all medical responsibility for
the inmates of Attica State Prison. The offer came after a group of
students staged a 12 hour sit-in at the medical school. The group
demanded that the following action be taken:

1) We demand that the University of Buffalo
Medical School accept full responsibility for
the health care of all inmates at Attica State
Prison.

2) We demand a pubIIc statement of all
mcdicul treatment and examinations per-
formed since the beginning of the Attica
rebellion. This should include a listing, by
name, of all inmates, the treatment under-
taken, their physical conditions and present
location.

3) We demand the formation of an objectch
Medical Review Board including physicians
chosen by prisoners and their families to
insure adequate health care and examina-
tions for all inmates of AtticzI'immcdiatcly.
It) We dcsznd the families of dying and
injurI-d prisoncrs bc immcdintcly givcn full
visitation rights.

5) Wu dcmand it full public stntcmcnt
dcnling with tho relationship lwtwccn lhc
Umvvrsity of Buffulo Medical School and
Attica Stnlr- l’rison.

On Friday, howcvor, tlic Buffalo students wcrc informed that the
promisc of chccptnncc of tlIc demands Wns rcncgcd. According to Bill
VlCtII‘U, cditor of tlic cnmpus Iicwspnpcr, cilhcr Dr. l’cclic, Dcnn of thc
Mcdicul School, or Dr. Kctlcl‘, lhc University Pl'csidcnt, may not how-
bccn tclling tlIc ll‘lllll on 'l‘hurs ‘y In rcspousc lo this chnngc of
oction, l'orly angry sludcnls stugcd illlnllit'l' sil~in on Friday but wcrc
unnhlc to contncl I-itliI-r l’I-clic or Kcltcr.

 

IlingluImton

'l‘hc action utSUNY :Il 'Jinghumtun was :1 morc pcuccl'ul onc. JlUtl
llarpur stndcnts atlcndcd a rally on ’I‘hursduy and plans nrc now bcing
formed to schcdulc a mass movcmcnt to Alticn on October 2.

Stony llrook

’l‘hc Young Lords til. SUNY at Stony Brook are planning ll protcst to
be held in Mnnhatlnn ncxt Saturday. 'I‘hcy will march down 7th
AVcnuc from l‘ZGth Strcct In 50th Strut-t. 'l‘hc Stony Brook studcnls
urc hopcfnl that thc administration at [but Univcrsity will issuc o
statcmcnl condemning tln- Attica deaths.

According to it spokcsmnn from chct l’irc, n nutionwidc protcsl
will be hcld in downtown Albany on 'l‘hursdny, Scptr-mbcr 23.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

/m I

Vernon A. Buck, the new director of EOP at Albany, said that “the day is over when Blacks will

fawn."

mm

 

  

A SP Photo/ Goodman

New Director Heads EOP

“Wc Inc not hcrc lo givc crap
and wc'rc nol licrc to takc
nny...wc wish lo cnjoy l'ull mcm»
bcrship in this community." So
spoke VI-rnon A. Buck thc ncw
(lircctor of tho Educational

by Stephanie DiKovics

Opportunity Program at Stale.
Buck, who socccods llarry llllnlll‘
ton us [COP hczltl, is a graduutc of
Morchousc (Tollogc in Atlanta,
(icorgin and among other achich-
ments is thc l'ormcr director of
Carver Junior College. “is cx-

80 on EOP Petition
For Tax Refund

by Stephanie DiKoVics

A movement to luch thc munda-
tory studcnl tux rcl'uudcd was
begun in the EdUczItional ()ppor‘
tunity Program's ot‘ficr- this wcck.
chcrul EOP sludcnls have signed
a pcntion rcqucsting a refund of
the student tax to thc EOI’ fund

Nationwide Demonstration Planned

$25 Allocated for Attica Protest

h Allen r n - '
3’ Ah" " slI‘le.Ion Io protost notions :Il
Al ticn

Albany ncxt 'l‘hursdny. (‘ouncil

(TI-nlrnl (founcil upprtqnintcd which is plnnncd for

twr-nly~fivc dollars in orllcr lo

pulIlici'u- llit‘ nnliunnl dcnunr Incmbcr .luck Schwartz sponsorctl

 

 

 

CLASSIFIED ADS
PRODUCE RESULTS

1400 Washington Avo., Albany, N. Y. I220}.

It you have somclhing to show, lcll, oI Hcll ~ .Itht'llIHt‘ II
in thc Classified Section oi the Albany Sludcnl I’Icss.
Every Tuesday and Friday your ad will circulatc lo 0ch
'01000 PCOPIC. Classified forms are available at lhc
Campus Center info Desk, Library, and all four Uptown
guards, or by writing: Classified Dcpt., Campus Ccntcr
4.

LAGEB noose

featuring Rock Bonds on Fri. and Sat. nite
two blocks from the downtown
campus

297 Ontario St.

just south of Madison Ave.

 

L

thc bill.

Mlkc lAlIIIlH'I'l, SKA. l’I'csidr'nl,
pointcd out lluIl tln- appro-
priation was in violleIon of lhc
liourd of ’l‘I'ustI-i's policy. This
policy forbids (icntrnl ('ouncil
from :Ipproprinllng funds for .’I
poiiticnl issuc or group undcr n
mandatory lnx policy.

'l'lII- :IppropI'IntnIn llilh to he
npprovrtl by l’residI-ol licIIc'Li-t (“I
Ins (lcsIgncc) lIcl'orc ll con takc
i-l'l'ccl. Thus :I IIInJiIr lust of llIl‘
policy Is

liourd ol' 'l'rustccs

Imniincnl.

on the basis that llll‘ nclivitics the
lax sponsors arc not oriented
towards Blacks. So far a total of
Ibout 80 pctitions been
presented to thc Studan Associa-

have

tion.

Vernon A. Buck, head of the
Educational Opportunity Pro»
gram, has stated, “I support thc
rcnson for refunding thc tux."
Until tllt' lcgul implications of thc
dcmund arc cszmincd, no action
to rcl'und thc tux monir-s will be
nuIdc. Sincc tlIc sludcnt body
voted liISl your to ImIkc lhc tux
mandatory, only pI-I'sonnl cxomp-
tions hnscd on fiscle hardship lInvv
l)I‘('H grnnlcd: no blunkcl cxcmp~
Linus thvc bccn madc. li‘urthcr
communiculIon lIclwct-n lhc
officc ol' l‘lducnlionnl ()pporlunily
:Ind l.lil‘ Sludcnl
should result in an ngrcomI-nt on

Association

llll' propcr coursc of :Iclion. ltllck

l'ccls lIochI-r, [but “any rulc
mndc lo plncc no individual nl :1

disznlvnolngc should bc umcndcd."

tensch experience in teaching and
instruction will be, according to
Buck, a great asset in reaching his
major stated objective of "getting
EOP students a diploma from
SUNYA without degrading or
demeaning the SUNYA diploma."

A product of the public school
system, Buck's career has included
scrvicc in the United States Army
as Captain during World War Two
and the Korean Conflict. He
majored in business administra—
tion while at Morehouse College,
and received a Master of Sciences
at New York University. Mr.
Buck, an advocate of the Horatio
Algcr method of success, fuels
that the Educational Opportunity
Program could be an adequate
vehicle to promote achievement
but, “the day is over when Blacks
will fawn...Wc have dignity and
can and will demand respect."

LOOK

Volume I, Number 2, published
February, 1937 was the first
publicly distributed issue of
Lon): Aﬁiguzinc. Volume 35, Num-
her 23 which will be published
October IE), l971 will he the last
issue of Look Magazine.

Gardner Cowlcs, chairman of
the board of Cthlcs Communica-
tions and EditorIo-Chicf of Loo/r
made the annmniccmcnt ycstcr-
din from the New York office of
Look. (Towlcs stated that Look
has over 28 million rcadcrs, and
that the rcsponsc to subscription
efforts in thc first nine months of
107] arc "the best in thc maga-
ziiic's history."

This could not offset declining
adVI-rtising rcvcnucs coupled with
Increased production costs—
cspI-cially increased Postal Rules.

Last

 

 

,_ﬁ

llc'tl Iou- to go lmr'k nod lIc
.I normal old ln-nr again

I\ ml If anynnc Ilcsr-rrr-n
rclIrcInrnl, HIIIoIn-y rim-s

Sim-I- ll|"\ lu'l'll Mugging

In Ann-run hos ln-cn rnl In half
llnl llllllllIll-v of ncrcs of
Irm-a still lllll‘lll'll down last \I'lll’

.‘illllllil‘j onl lo
|Ivnccf|ll pinion-s

 

 

 

 

Let’s get rid of
Smokey theBear

And :MI'. of llIc lil‘i'n our.»
*vlilrlt'tl lI_\ llll' 'Iillllt‘ ln'npii' who l|I|\l'
ltl‘l'll lIcIIrng "(inh \“
prmcnl foI'I-sl IIrw

\l'c‘u- gnl to gcl rul
hngvrs, llIc lIIllllllt'l‘ of fort-st IiI'I-s ul nil llIosr- Ill'llf )nllooul
\u- lllllllt ilimtll polling Ir

 

 

  

 

\r\

s cm. .‘LN
%=‘$Q~\‘t'-‘$Q

w‘x um tarmac

 

ii! \mmswssxm'

{on Newscast .‘t‘t

i

RUSK

avowed rose.
gas. sm\.s\\t.s
swash.“ e.
mum

at c.

 

 

   

