 

 

«mo iﬂ'un‘fﬁmtﬂmm’ﬁswm

   

t
i.

. .4...

....__ - A42“... -W._..‘....,‘_A

PAGE 12

In the Name
of Humanity

by Jay Hashmall
An ASP Column

Our system of penology in America is wrong, dead
wrong, If the recent turmoil in our prisons and the
bloody atrocity at Attica cannot stimulate a public
concern and committment to radically alter this
anachronism, our society is doomed to corrode due
to the catalystic institution of prisons.

Prisons do not prevent crime. They serve only to
perpetuate and multiply it into horrifying propor-
tions. Our society must decide if it wants to
imprison criminal offenders or help them. It cannot
do both. Prisons cannot serve as security for the
community and as centers of rehabilitation. One or
the other, not both. We must treat criminal acts as a
social illness, much the same as We treat physical
and mental illness. We must obliterate prisons.
People cannot be rehabilitated in a gray prison cell
surrounded by untrained guards in an atmosphere of
desolation, any more thrin a man who owes money
can pay his creditor from inside a debtor‘s prison or
any more than a pre-med student can perform an
appendectomy in his dorm room using a hammer.

But reform is not going to occur without a change
in political leadership. All of the signs, cursing, and
protests in the world cannot move those who are
deaf, dumb, blind, and unwilling. Our democracy
cannot function with leaders who are unresponsive
to their constituency. And leaders such as Richard
Nixon, John Mitchell, Spiro Agnew, Nelson Rocke-
feller and James Buckley who issue such inhumrin
rhetoric as the Vice-President did in the New York
Times (September 17, 1971) saying “to compare
the loss of life by those who violate the society’s
law with a loss of life of those whose job it is to
uphold it - represents not simply an assault on

Against a Separate S.A.

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

' Riporr’s
,autm A

m. don‘t

€4§§§§§§ 2

BUWNé ANYTWN&
OFF This MAN
COLLLD BE

HAZARDOLLS

To Vows HEALTH?

human sensibility, but an insult. to reason" and who
order senseless mas icrc of human beings in far off
lands, on college campuses and inside prison walls
should not be leaders, And they cannot be leaders
without support; support from the voters and
support from local politicians. No‘ matter how
insignificant a local political “hack” may seem to
you, he combined with his thousands of counter-
piirts, has a tremendous responsibility and influence.

Now that the voting age liiis been lowered, a new
and unified group must emerge. This new voting
bloc of people aged 18 to 21 must take the
responsibility of bringing reform into our society.
The prison system is just one cancer. There are
many, many more. Now that we can vote, we must
become aware of what every political “leader” from
town alderman to U.S. congressman is doing. And
we must vote to get rid of the bad and establish the
better. We must vote en masse in every election year
no matter if it is even or odd and change the
leadership from the ground on up. A tree cannot

thrive without its roots. Neither can injustice.

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1971

Sit/MINA
RlLEY {L

 

The Department of Speech
Pathology rind Audiology spon-
sors the University Clinic which
provides a service for students
who are having difficultic with
oral communication. Problems
handled consist of errors in
speech sounds, disordered voice
patterns, inadequate language
skills, stuttering and foreign dia~
lect problems. This service in-
cludes evaluation and conse-
quent treatment of the problem
by a member of the staff. Out-
side referrals aird consultations
are made if necessary.

The clinic is directed by a
certified speech aird hearing
therapist who supervises the ac-
tivity of the staff. Referral for
evaluation may be made by
contacting Mrs. Moran, the di<
rector, by phone (4157-8396) or
by coming to the department
officc (Hu 310) or the Universi-

 

 

 

_ty Clinic (Hu Jib-I).

"03336333

by Mitchell Frost
An ASP Column

There are times at which i feel
like a member of an oppressed
majority group. Such an occasion
occurred September 30th while I
attended the Central Council
meeting; more specifically, during
the debate over a proposed appro-
priation to the BOP. Student
Associationﬁi blatantly racist
proposal which should never have
been taken seriously, much less
approved. But approved it was (by
a vote of 12 to 11) by a coalition

feel sorry for black people."

First the facts:

-Thc organization (to be funded
out of student tax money) is
called the E.O.l’. Student Associa-
tion.

-'l‘he proposal was introduced by
Student Association President
Michael Lilmpert.

-The premise or foundation
upon which this new Student As-
sociation is to be funded is partic-
ularly interesting. lt is argued that
since the present S.A. ‘structure

of black racists and white bleeding
hearts under the banner: “Let's all

EBBiE m5 EEP:

  
  

MlSERY l5.”

l/‘t‘t WW

on... How WE LOOK TO THEM...

fails to meet the needs of minori-
ty groups on this campus (transla-

5izorriE '5’.

tion: the Student Association is a
racist organizatio..), a separate
organization, the E.O.P. Student
Association, is needed to meet
those needs.

The Constitution under which
the Student Association is pre-
scntly operating was passed in a
referrendum last Spring. It was
irrdently supported at the time by
the then S.A. Vice President Mike
laimpert, the same Mike Lampert
who now, as President, casts aside
the structurcgregulated by this
Constitution as racist. How can
Mr. Lampert attack the Strident

  
 
 

may

(SUNY MARITIME Emacs)

Association structure as a whiti.h
oriented institution yet, at. the
same time, defend as equitable
and fair the Constitution which
created the S.A structure? if the
structure established by this'con-
stitution is unable to meet the
needs of our black and Puerto
Rican students, why didn‘t Mr.
Lampcrt oppose the Constitution
as it was proposed last year as
racist? The reason, of course, is
that the Constitution is not and
neither is the Student Association
structure.

The racism we should concern
ourselves with is the racism of this
l£.O.l’. Student Association. The
establishment of one Student As~
sociation for whites and anollier
for non-whites should be abhor-
rcirt to the conscience of an en-
lightened student body. What
clouds thi- moral question here is
the fact tlial lbi- bigols making
this proposal are black and not
\Vllllt’ Ni'cdlr-ss it) say, if Gov.
George Wallacc hail proposr-d such
.i plan for tlic University of :\l:ili.i-
lllrl, students here would (ll'l‘ltll'
it Eh racist. separatist, and unjust
Iiut this plan was proposed by
Black and l’iii-rlo liiciiii sludr-iils
iii a liberal university in the
North, To more people llltil
makes a rlrffr-ri-iicr-. Of course, ll
shouldn't mid students licrr-
shouldn't stand for it

The setting up of a separate
Student Association for minorities
is irresponsible. it will establish a
damaging precedent and ineviur
bly lead to further fractionnlism

between groups. Other racial and
ethnic groups will say: if the
bliick and l’uerto Ricaii students
have their own Student Associa-
tion, why not us? And why not?
The same arguments can be trot-
ted out iriid used by the Jews, the
Italians, the Chinese, or any racial
or ethnic group. That is what
differentiates this appropriation
from one to, say, thr- skiing club.
Skiing is a sport and skiers come
in all Colo" but the FLOP. appro-
priation is racially oriented mid is
aimed at blacks and Puerlo Ricans
only, whereas ii skiing appropria-
tion is designed to hpr skiers,
whatcvr3r their color.

The E.0.l‘. Student Association
will inevitably realizi- lliat they
must establish their own tax sup-

 

port base or remain l'ori'vr-r :illl)’
jccl to ['10 good will (sic) (if llll'
prr-scnl S.A, lialhcr than having
the parent S A. grant funds cai‘li
ycrn' to [ho l'i,(),l’. S.i\., the funds
\VIll llilVl' to go to cur-h SIudi-ril

 

Association directly r\iiy sr-iii-
lill'llt'i' of unity wrll lii' di-strriycrl,
Morr- .riid more groups will di-
lniiiid, and rightly so, cquiil ii'cat
nicnt ticgri-gnlioii \vill (lins'fl lit--
('l)lllt‘ the officially sanctioned
urilii'y llt‘t't‘ ril SUNYA. And “11‘”
someone Wlll ask. Why can’t wr-
liriw oiii- Student Association
ri-prcscnl llll‘ t'lllll‘l‘ student body"
So l'Il ask it. Why can't we luch
orin one Student Associatioiifaii‘ly
mid equitably run so iliiil it can
satisfactorily represent the entire
student body?

  

   

 

 

 Albany Studen

State University of New York at Albany

Vol. LVlll No. 47

Judicial System Stresses

’Community

Concept’

by Glenn von Nostiil,

Although most students are not aware of its
existence. the University Judicial ('omniittec has
been making steady progress toward the establish-
rncril of a new. reorganized judicial system here.

On l‘t‘liilltlly ll. l}. rind l4 of this year the
Committee sponsored a Judicial Workshop which
was rilicrrdcd by students. faculty members. admini-
strators. lawyers. and law professors. After a lot of
debate and work the workshop came up wrili a
proposal for :i new judicial system at SUNYA.
l’ioblcins inherent in the pr'eseni jlldlL‘lill sysicrii
were outlined. and proposals were made which
would remedy these deficiencies.

According to Sharon Stiller. (‘lrrcf-Jusiicc r
Judicial Committee. the system :is ll now stands has
several iiiajoi‘ shortcomings. most important of ilicsc

| the

is a lack of comuninicalion with the Uiiivcisily
community. Students do not know how rind to
whom a clinic should be reported. and the) are
unaware of how to press charges, Many students
rloir‘i even know that a judicial system L‘Msls on
campus.

Another problem is what Stiller calls "a big
(it‘tilltllll) gap.” She claims that silnlcnls don"
believe that thc Judicial ('rnniiiiticc can ieiill) do
.niytlniig for them. Judging by past experience.
students seem to feel that the judicial system is .r
“slrrirn.H Other problems wiili the present sci-up
include iipalhy, although students participation has
been lllllL‘ll boiler llll.\ year than last. lmi year. due
to ;r lack of inicrcsi. only two quad |lltllt’l;ll boards
were set up - in Alumni and Colonial.

Another factor contributing to the L‘lL‘tlllillll)’ gap
is the impression that ilie Judicial (‘oiiinnticc is loo
limited in the types of cases it can handle. brick in
the days ol curfews :nid icgiilaiinns against alcohol
in the dorms the cases handled by the ('uininittcc
dealt .ilinosl eniiicly Wllll vrolaiions ol these rules.
loday, however, the Judicial ('oininiilcc has gained
greater power and handled cases involving theft.
.issaull and other inoic serious riimcs

Stiller claims [lint several major chringr's ni ilic
picsrnl judicial sci-up Will br' foilhcoining it the
new proposal is passed. the most important of these
is the “community conccpl" which calls for the
Ilit‘lllsltlll oi \ltidcllls, tiicrrhy. iidlllllllsllilliita, secu~
my men. and other members ol the University
corinnninty on the various hearing boards. At
present. these boards (including the quad hoards
:Illtl Ilir: Judicial (‘oinrnriicci are made up criiircly ol

 

t Press '

The ASP

students. These new members ol the hearing boards
would :ilsr conic under the ]llll.\tllt‘lliill of the new
system. "What it your pirifcssoi liii you ill the
rnonth'.’ Sullci risks. "Under the present system
there would be litilc you could do. While under the
new piripiisiil you could file changes against your
professor."

Anoilrci change in be made under the proposin
Would be the crcrition of a “clearing house" which
would rcccrvc cases and channel them to the proper
bodies foi hearing. This "clearing house” would. in
cflecl. lake the place of the present University
Judicial ('onniiiitcc. It would not actually ll‘ill
cases, but would scivc as an enliirircc point foi all
crises III the Uuivcrsily. As an illustration of how the
"c :iiirig house“ would \voik. Slillcr cites “'l‘ypical
('zisc A." In this misc. ;i pcisoii stints :i fire in a
dorm. ('lrrugcs are filed against him (or her ) \Vllll the
clearing house, and utter examining the case lor'
snlticrcnl cvrdcncc. the clearing house relcis the
case to the piopci quad prdicnil horrid. 'l’lii.\ board
would hear the raw, arrive at .i decision. and would
deliver .i sentence. II [he dclcnrlcni w desires, he
could .ippciil his case to :i Uiiivcisily Appcals liornd
which is provided tor undci ilrc propos.rl.

 

  

Tuesday, October 19, 1971

 

Slillcr emphasizes lllL‘ view llrat the purpose of
their proposal is to serve as a preventative. rather
than a punitive body. The simple fuel that a
credible. effective judicial system exists may serve as
ii deterrent [0 Would be criminal she feels. Stiller
also emphasizes that the new judicial setup would
be aimed at benefiting “both ilic individual and the
University community.“ it would benefit the indivi-
dual in that the violator would learn from whai he
had done. as judgment by the hearing boards would
be swift and hopefully fair according to Stiller.
Being brought before a ll‘ﬂl’illg board is in itscll'a
ACllllSilllt'llUil, Stiller says. The proposal would bene-
fit thc University as a whole she feels by protecting
community members “if a student slztils a fire in
his room." Stiller says. “we must protect." Stiller
illuslrnicx this by saying ilmi. "lfa :xindeni starts a
lirc lll his room, we must protect other students."

AI Ihe present tiiirc. the judicial proposal isbeing
l'L‘Vcht‘tl by various committees. including the
Graduate Students Association. liOl’, and faculty
bargaining agents. The Judicial (‘ummiiiec will meet
again on October 35th to review these reactions to
then proposal. After this meeting modifications will
be made, Then the proposal will be subject to

 

approval by several cunnnrllccs. and ultimately by
l’icsidcni Ilene/ct. (‘opics of the proposal will also
be circulated among siudenls to get their rcziciions.

At present [licic are two major obstacles to
cnacinrcni of the pioposal. linsl. lllClt‘ zll't‘ problcrm
iiilicicnl when sanctions are made against faculty
members. (‘oinplicritrons \villi faculty bargaining
agents may result if .I faculty member is convicted
by one of the hearing bodies. The second obstacle.
according to Stiller. Is that. “People are so uscd to
student discipline ltllllL‘l than L‘Ullllllllllll)‘ disci-
plrnc." Under the "runnininiiy concept" the whole
Universin communin would be Involved in the
judicial syle‘Ill. At present. the system is run
Cllllit‘l) by siudcnisand for students.

It is r:\pccted Illill the new Judicial ('onnniiicr
proposal Will be enacted and lake cfch by lllL‘
spring scriicslc‘i. A lcw nioic inonllis Will be
iCLllllIL‘d hcfoic .ill ol the various coininiliecs have
given their approval. and then members of the
lhln't‘lslly community Will have to be found to fill
positions on the hearing boards. Anybody can
become .I member of one of the boards. and Stiller
is optimistic about me :rmunnl of student pairwi-
patron. She claims that. "students gripe that they
don't have power to do anything. Now ilicy'ic being
given it - and they should use it."

 

