   
 

 

 

 

ALBANY STUDENTPRESS

m0 Milli!“ 30/!

mrwt'YOI‘k (AH—The second narcotics case in lea about to board a flight to Denver.
0 years against millionaire politician Howard “ . ' ' "
J. Samuels’ teen-aged son was turned our to a grand M¢::ju‘ca:gerw nervous-"and l I"! mm a msk'
{:13 Zednesday, after the youth wan certified 3‘ 3 The marshal said he found no weapon on Samuels,
T2: “is???” h_"°m and coca")? “idiﬂ- but did find the cocaine and heroin.
gag “"7 'sﬁerEFEd ‘0 mdlct 19‘Year‘old The court papers showed that on Nov. 4 Samuels
:0!!! he 3min“ Igiznﬁzilis Probable cause‘lo was examined at Brooklyn Central Rehabilitation
Mm?!) has of hpmmin whe 3" ounce 0f cocaine Center, and certiﬁed as a narcotics addict, after
' n " ﬁnite" 0°“ 30 3' admitting he used three bags of cocaine or heroin
, A“, W - daily.
“e N ‘h ' ’
“it':;::u?z::::‘ 5d:“'?dtasm°“°“ to The elder Samuel: was running for the guber-
mm him free in ‘lsoggaﬂgtams ,amgmisu but natorial nomination when young Howard first was
mfmﬁon ° “'3” t 9 Brand arrested in Greenwich Village Nov. 2. 1969. He was
 . ' ch 'th - - - - '
“5, family ancL! stand by our son, Howie," said m;:?::n:lmsi:::mssmn or a hasmm plpe contammg
r .
"‘2"me h'fm'he'h'm'lr :giztrit the 90"" Then 17, Samuels was treated as a juvenile
' 9 any 0th" offender. After six months under supervision of the

’ man or woman before the law." ‘ '
'father currently'is chief executive of New (jigmlgjounm Bureau, the Charges again“ him were

'25
Yorf' Cit ’s Off-Tr k '

{any ylast year 3;" :ﬁtisegmczrlptlle ran-untrue~ Young Samuels is the fifth oldest of eight chil-
c‘ma‘wvemor of New York an" a '? nomination dren. As a result of his marijuana arrest. his father
semury in the Depanmegn 0;. Cservmg 35 under‘ said at the time. the four eldest children admitted

'dem JOhnson- 0mmerce "rider that they, too, had experimented with marijuana.
“Yan s I V ‘ . The father quoted young Howard as sayin he
“Uke‘ 3 3mm?“ {3153‘ an?“ “’38 [he "33”" 0f 3 began smoking marijuana in 1968 when the fairiin

‘ > still lived in W .‘h
a 5}:th brim—Eli” 33:23; (GUM; (‘rlmma‘ (‘Vnurt' Th‘“ Elder Salinulerlfhjld at ‘he time ‘Wh l ld 't
s mars a .. ire . c; eill. testii‘ivd that S'imuoli - K H ‘ L ‘ I? on
V I , ( , , c I d V . , . " , .
tripped a metal detecting de‘llC!‘ intended to gusrd  3; I: Him“; dine-(vent than [he klnd
against Skyjackers at the airpnr' The youth was I all times to 6mm

   
  

Remember these ads?

We ran them in a lot of college
newspapers last year. Their pu rims-e

WM ,0 3) permit deep probing ot‘sticky
Q'll'S'ii =r.»

llill‘ ('1'

wrr some «ii‘the critical
nus-i214 were asking lily.) .‘

  
 
 

 

   
 
 

.
Iri.

 
  

   

q'ii-v w .11 ,
that  :4 :v- ‘niwi ti. l-rpnml (illl‘
communii ii'iuim \\ i'ii collegi'
students.

We're doing it in several ways.
We've already started to have '
conferences of student opinion
leaders and GE people at our various

 

see your questions, too r—illl‘Oqull
company magazines and plant
newspapers.

We think your concerns are

GENERALQELECTMC

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

plant locations. These conferences

u: sure our jlr‘uplc

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10,197,

Saucer’s Sight?

Special to the ASP
by John Chow

"it was coming at me with a
speed way faster than a jet, then it
just changed direction at 90 de-
grees and disappeared in seconds
across the sky." This was the way
Joseph Risziza of the Albany
County Sheriff's department de-
scribed his sighting of a UFO in
East Berne, N.Y. (town near
Thatcher State Park).

Sgt. Risziza's sighting, while he
was on patrol, is only one of four
sightings reported in the East
Berna area in the past two years,
the latest by a certain Mrs. Fries.

Upon this reporter's arrival at E,
Berne Mrs. Fries refused to grant
an interview and the following
information was given by her hus~
band. (He was not home at the
time of the incident.)

it was on the night of Nov. 8
when all her dogs were howling
and barking most unusually. Upon
an outside inspection Mrs. FriL-s
found a noiseless object hovering
above her garner. Shr- sairl lhl‘

 

ti Gem
can  a?! Eleic'ricﬁfr
(deemC  build mac“!

w. m»

i-‘mlilumiiiw'

 

iiii~ [Jim-'x

object was smaller than an ave”
car and there was a “gummy
bright" bluish white and red Ii :1
revolving on a band aroundg”I
middle. The object was reporiui
to have had a top which resem.
bled an “inverted bowl.” Mn
Fries went back into herhou
call the police and upon return.”
outside the object was gone, 5h:
was not alone in her sighiin
Robert Neary, a graduate sluduii
at Albany State, saw the 53m.
described object on ihe Sam,
night. Mr. Neary was drillngip
the area. I
The people of E Berna WP!-
quite unopened to qursiiniis cim
cerning the L'Ff) \lEllllnﬂs n,-
understandable rf‘ilMllls illicit“
[ice of the Peace [lPllll‘fi up:
hearing rumun Whlll‘ mm up,
four rcporii-rl slul‘l'lllus
ilf‘f‘ll

On Unt' lll'i'.l~ w, .,.- 3n,
(lil'feri-ni .N'lii-v' 1‘ [mix .-. -
ported wring m:- w." V7 in 2
[PT llll‘ vili‘i-rn‘

te lo

 

 

.ingiilzir. iiiul: spin-l ; .  ,. ,.
ii}. the l'lﬁll' ulf . we

iii-l'riiw \I. .l\ .ili-r' .ni

 

 

in i'.i~i' .izi'uinr - ,.. ,.
[hero is .i ji'r‘j} Llljtil'. .
lain .iilnnun' ‘u if “(P ,.
nltbllllldlll I‘m" WM. 
ri‘purinil 'u n.i‘.~-
i-ni'li ii." llii' ll\' ‘n w s _.

 

Everybody
Smokes
Pot

i'ii'siilviil .\,'-.n' \ “~ ‘

llllsslilll Alli \l..v

 

  

sl'x~llll .

jw-ujili-' \i,v_,. , ,,,

questions. They help us to understand
it n m-rii-cr‘ns 1): <tiidnnts. But they

inbuii l‘i'iiill‘i'i'l‘ lr‘W 4ill‘lf'l"“' l’ll
‘ , ....«:.

 

important. And we think you 8h
. 0
know how seriously we take themum

-.jniL “\in ,r  .j

M. lie

\\li..:.-i

' nil-1' .w.

iiiiiili. ..-.

-,|iul».r.iii r iii

mm i..i in pm, w

in

HP»

llll\.lll‘i\ im' i 

iiiil [l\\ilii.iiii~!»- .Il 'lii"

“lli'li‘ llll‘ Mil" ' "“

plum

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1971

'Froo John Sinclair”

Lnst week Earth News was told that Bobby Scale, David Dellinger,
Jerry Rubin, Rennie Davis, William Kunstler, Allen Ginsberg and
other individuals active in the new left movement would appear at the
rally which is scheduled for Chrisler Arena in Ann Arbor at 7 pm.

The rally has been called to show support for and demand the
release of John Sinclair, the Rainbow People's Party chairman who is
serving a 9-and-ii-half year sentence for possession of two marijuana
joints.

Dnvid Fenton of the Rainbow People’s Party said that Phil Ochs and
Archie Shepp will also entertain as well as the Lennons and several
other well known bands.

Lennon has written a song for and about John Sinclair, a song which
may be included in the Lennon’s next LP.

it should be pointed out that the Michigan State legislature this
week voted to impose ii maximum penalty of one year in jail for
the possession of grass-~and that he has served nearly three times the
proposed maximum sentence in Jackson state prison. The Rainbow
chairman did receive another boost in his demand for freedom; the
Eust Lansing City Council voted 4-1 this week to go on record
favoring Sinclair's release from prison on bail.

“The Ballad of

Radio stations around the country are reacting differently in their
approach to putting Bob Dylan's new single “The Ballad of George
Jackson" on the air; some stations are playing it unaltered, some are
not playing it at all iind others are altering the lyrics 'in several
different ways.

"The Ballad of George Jackson" is the subject of some controversy
for two reasons, depending on who you talk to. Some say that
because Dylan sings, "...he wouldn‘t take shit from no one,” that the
record could be considered to be in poor taste. Some say they are
worried about the Federal Communications Commission coming
down on the station. Other stations say that the editorial content of
the song is objectionable.

Bill Gavin, one of the better known rndinn progrnmers in the
business, said, “there is no controversy about thut song." “it isn't
selling very well anyway."

Gavin did not think that an explanation of how radio stutions
around the country were playing the Dylan song was of much
consequence.

Viirncr Piiulsen, Metromedizi's general manager in New York, said
the chain of five FM stations has no music policy. KSAN in Siin
Francisco and KMET in Los Angelcs are playing the song unaltered.
Apparently the other Metromediu stations are too,

The ABC-owned li‘M stations are pliiying thr- song heavily,
apparently, but the purticulzir word in question is being altered in
various ways. One station has taken thi- word out, reversed it and put
it back on the tape.

Some of the AM stations inLus Angclcs arc nul playing the song at
all. One station in Los Aiigclcs suid it is not playing this song because
its audience became upset when it played Jozin Buez’s “Love is ll Four
Letter Word."

it is reported that one station has added u bit ofstailic to the tiipc
to cover up the "dirty" word.

WBCNi‘M in Boston siiid tlinl it is playing the song. Norm Wincr,
program director there, said ill] attorney who speciiilizvs in FCC
mntti-rs snid thiit tlii-rc would be no ll'Uleii‘ for u stiitiun playing llll‘
song. An attorney for WBCM-FM , siiid that unless ii station‘s
format is to play “dirty” songs, Lhcrc should he no truublo, just us
there were no repercussions for stations playing John Lennon's
“Working Class Hero" several months iigii.

ALBANY S'I'UDEN'IWRESS

 

THIS YEAR, THERE WILL BE

TWO USED BOOK SALES

Please nole that the dale: listed in luesday'i ASP
are incorrect. llie dale: listed below are CORRECT.

 

the tunnel book buyback-(immediate cash)
behind the Bookstore

ll iln- lililll r. li‘il‘ll .il “.llNYA men wuii-siiei, Vlill will [in given lill‘lli oi llii:
lilllllllrll iiisl |Il ilui hunk, lllliWIllNl it it; Hi ijiiirl i iiiiiiiliiiii)

Ii Iln- hind i-. not mirl iuui ‘ul‘ll\l“.14!l, il Will [)1' [Hill llrlSUll ll II is lisliri iii
iin- | iilli-iii- Hunk (I.ii.iliii_|, (.ii lln‘ [Illi i- iiiiiiimi lli iliu i.ii.ili>ii)

Will buy books:

Dec. 16th, 17th, & 20th, 94:30 Dec. 18th. 9-noon

 

Assembly Hall BooksoIe—(woit for cash)

it ll‘t' limit I‘. I|‘.l'll .ii E'UNVA iii-xi ‘.l,'llllf‘i|1.'l yiiii um [Illl yinil nwn jiiiii
illl \ltlll lumlw. II lll‘il‘. fl. Pl) lil lttlll‘ilill lnniku .Illll Hum-Kn lll‘h. wiviii-
i,li.iiiji' il ylllll liiiiik I\ ‘)|lll‘

Register books for sale: Wm Se" BOOKS:
Jan. 16th, 5-9 Jan 2001 81 let, 9-9
Jan. 17th 8i 18th, 9-9 Jan 22nd, 9-2

A'Illlll.\'lll'('(l by University [looks/ore

 

 

«mun ‘-
BACON
BOWL"

Long-haired students stormed to
a lopsided 31 to 0 victory over a
football team of policemen in the
second annual "Hairy Bacon
Bowl" in Boulder, Colorado, this
past weekend.

The student team, nicknamed
the "Freaks," totally annihilated
the "Razorbacks" in a game of
flag football, an event which is
used to raise funds for Boulder
charities. The game between the
Freaks and the Razorbacks was
marred by only one nrgument--ex-
tended vocal debate as to whether
one‘ of the students, who was
thought to be a member of the
university football team, would be
permitted to play.

The victory of the freaks over
the porkers was the second in us
many years. The game was video-
taped, and will be telecast in the
Colorado area today,::Earth News

by Hal) Dylan

I wake up [his morning.

Tliere were [curs fll my bed.

They killed the man I really loved,
Sllill him in [he head.

Lord, lord, they cu!
(imrgr' Jackson dawn.
lard. luril, l/ll')’ laid
Ilini in lllt’ ground.

They sum liini riff!“ prli'iw

For (1 ii 70 rub/xiv.

“My ('lr).i't‘d Iln’ dour /)(’lllllt/ Iii/II.
rind I/iiji' Ilirr'ii'mwir llic ktjv.

r'linriir

I/l‘ H'HIl/t/ll 'I Ill/(U .Vllll from no ulli'.
l/l‘ \i'rlll/(lll '1 how down (In lllA' klll’L'.
.‘lllllltlrllft‘x Ilicy lid/(’(l lu'm

lﬁ'i‘tlllt'v llt' um furl Inn real.

i-lmrus

lllt‘ prii'un guardi' I/it'y uulr'licd him
And lll(‘_l’ rum'd him from tl/ltIW’.
lll(’_l’ Wt’rt‘ [rig/11mm lll’ llf.\‘ pnwrr,
'lliqi' were .Yt'tlrf'll of his lure.

rliurui‘

.S‘nnicli'nicxl rliink llll.i' whole
World ii uric big prirmi ,i'rml.
Sumo uj'ui' arc prixmivrr.
Sumo nj'ux arc gmrrds.

(‘lIUNI-V I‘) 7/ Ram 'i' llurn Murii', lllt'.

 

 

A UDRE Y HEPBUHN in

Saturday Dec, 11th 
UNTIL

DARK

at 7:30 8 10 pm

General Admission:
$.50
JSC Members: $.25
in LC 2

 

 

 

 

Early last week a group of fe-
male students at American Univer-
sity in 'Wnshington, 0.0., a pri-
vate Catholic supported univer-
stiy, sat in at the president's office
for more than four hours—their
demand was that the university
iillow 2i gynecologist to have office
space iii. the universtiy and advise
women students on abortion and
birth control.

The president of the Catholic
school, George Williams did not
think the demimd by the women
was in the best interests of the
school or of the church. Warrants
for the iirrest of the women fol-
lowed the sit-in.

Thursday, the women, who say
they have no lenders and no for-
miil name for their orgnnizntion,
held ii press conference to expliiin
their rlemiind. More students goth-
ered ("Hi the rally that followed
involved more than ii gynecologist
in residence—rib: siudenls wanted
it freeze put into effect on tuition
costs, more control of university
policy iind severiil other demands.

The riilly spread to the udmini»
slriitiim building where about 200
students, men and women, took
over the building. The infirmiiry
and the cul‘cteriii were ulsu dis:
riipted by the students und the
ruud passing through Llie univer-
sity was blocked for ii while with
(il‘SkS iind chairs.

The sit-in in the iidministriition
building ended when the women
left, tidying tluil the president hnd
iigreed to tiilk to them about their
(it‘llltllld.

li‘ridiiy the cnmpus was quiet
iind the student iissuciiition presi-
dent was meeting with the univer-
sily's president, uttcmpting ti)
wurk nul llll iigreement to the
gynecologist iind other problems.

The women suy tliiit if the presi-
dent givrs their) ii “niiiybe” or ii
"no" iiiiswer they will continui.l
their disruption.

PROFESSIONAL TVPING SE RVICE‘

IBM Sclcclric Typewriter
Specializing in
Docloml Dissertations
FLISI, Diipoiiduiilu Service
H unsuiuiiilii Hiiins

4626283

 

462-1509‘

