 

I
I.

.=.,

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1971

 

 

Mayor Corning was the guest of honor,both this year and Iast,at International Student‘s Affairs.

Faculty and Students

 

.Hnlucrson

Members Run For Office

At least a few members of this
university community are running
for political office. Edward Mark,
a junior here, is running for public
office in Yonkers, his home town.
An independent candidate under
the banner of the Yonkers Action
Party, Mark is seeking the 10th
Ward Council seat.

Mark, 20, has run into consider-
able opposition due to his age.
The Westehestcr County Board of

Elections tried to keep. his name
off the ballot, although he had
more than enough petition signa-
tures. The issue was brought be-
fore the State Supreme Court
recently, and in a surprise ruling,
the Court ruled that Mark can run
despite not being 2] years old.
However, the Board of Elections
sent out absentee ballots without
Mark‘s name on them. Most ab-
scittcc ballots will be returned by

 

Wednesday,

 

Very Important
News Reporters Meeting

8:00 pm
reporters attend!

Oct. 27Th
HU I I6

 

 

Tickets: $5. 00
Music Shack in Troy
Van Curler’s in Albany

Sound at Mohawk Mall

 

.-..-.un
on.»...e
.-v.. - ..

college students, so he was ap-
parently going to be denied many
possible votes. But the candidate
appealed and the Board has now
sent out new absentee ballots with
his name on them,

Mark wants reform in Yonkers’
city government and feels his (lis-
trict is disgusted with both the
Democrats and Republicans. He
went home last Thursday to catn-
paign and does not plan to return
until after the clcctioti. Obvioust,
he hopes his professors will lie
understanding.

l)r ‘Idward Sargciil of the I'Jdti-
cation I)t'|);lt'|llll'lll is also seeking
office .-\ii ltlt‘tlllllit‘tll Albany
('oiinty Legislator, Sargent is up
for rc~elcctitiii Ill lllt‘ iltilli I)|S'
trii-t, Iowii of IlelhIt-liein.

Another Albany State student,
(Ilenn Von Nostila, is the young-
est Democratic (‘oininilli-t-ntan
ever In nearby Niskayuna. There is
an election campaign now in Ms
kayuna, and although Von Ntisllll
is not running for ally office,
dein I). Reilly ol' the Depart-
ment of (hittiptilﬁ' Sciences is a
candidate Ila is the incumbent
Supervisor in Niskayuna, the first
t-'IL't'lt'll Democrat In lllt' city's
IllSltil'y.

now available at

 

ISA Represents

56 Countries

by Audrey Seidinan

“we all hope that the perspectives of internationalism will someday
replace the negative aspects of nationalism," said Syed Agha .Ial'ri.
International Student Association President in a speech last year

Spreading internationalism on the Albany campus is one of the goals
of the ISA. Jafri stated that the purposes of the organization are to
help increase understanding and “to provide an exchange of informa-
tion academically and culturally."

There are 272 students in the association, representing :36 t‘t)tllllt‘lcs,
mostly in Asia. It is run by an eXeCutiVe council including l’res Jat'ri
from Pakistan; Vice-President Salish Kapoor from India; (illnoriil
Secretary America Martinez from Puerto Rico; Social Committee
Members Dorothy Forbang from Cameroon, Jaishree Makhija from
India, and Alma Aldebol from Puerto Rico; Treasurer Misar Akhlcr
from Pakistan; and Publicity Secretary Samuel Kwoh, l‘rom llong
Kong. The faculty advisor is Dr. J. Paul Ward.

The ISA was formed in 1965 with 60 students. It was mainly a
social group with a budget of about $1500. In 1970,1he year Jafri,
now It senior, became president, Central Council cut the budget to
$500, on the grounds that about 80% of the students were graduates
who paid .no student tax, and the group didn‘t contribute to the
campus.

Consequently, the group re-organized to attempt to prove its value
to the SUNYA campus. New programs were initiated, such as the
United Nations evening last fall, a cultural variety show, where Albany
Mayor Corning was the chief guest. Panel discussions were set tip, the
latest being “Wither South Africa.” Small get-togethers built up
interest, and American students became involved.

Due to these improvements, the ISA reCeived an additional $900 in
mid-year. The 197l budget is nowtlt2600.

Refuting a charge that the ISA is a‘fwasteful"program, Ward, ISA
advisor, called the subsidy “100% student orientated providing a
SUNYA minority group with services which would otherwise be
curtailed."

Ward, who has been at SUNYA as a history professor since ItltiB
became the full-time International Student Advisor in tiltiti. IIoWeVer,
the [SA is only a part of Ward 's job. He is concerned with counseling,
housing, immigration, financial aid, and uniVersity procedures

According to Ward, most ISA students are privately financed thu-
I'uIl scholarship from this campus comes from the State Fair Foreign
Students Scholarship. One-third of the students are residents. It) ,tll'
married. (if) arc in doctoral programs, lilS in masters, l1! ltl Iltlll III-inn
graduate work, and there are till undi-rgraduatcs,

Ilnc accomplishmi-nl of the ISA is that lllt' l'orI-ign student-t no
longer have to leaVc the tannins during vacations A tlv\\r~lt'l|l'l i». no
being put out, There is an ISA lounge in Ilruliat'hi-r Il.il| ltl \lionnt
Quad, Where all stutlcnls may gather

It'ului'e programs of the ISA include an International I‘:\’I'itllll‘ on
November 6, presenting .t fashion show and dancers, which will lll‘
held in the (‘(‘. Ballroom at H pm. The group will l.tl\t' .i top to
Montreal, Nov. lllr‘ll. They also plati a ('hrislnias llall, international
Banquet, and a trip to Washington, D.(‘.

.lal'ri does not believe that. [lit foreign students, In gent-oil. Il.i\'c .tl|\
inaior problem on the Albany campus. They do, IIInVchr. ll.t\'|' .t
harder time getting jobs and apartments, according to .Ialri~ who
attributed the problem to “hang-ups" about. darker skin

A sign hanging in the internationally decorated ISA Hfflt'“. l'l'
SKINS “I’t'tlplv in devaloping countries seek assistance on the Il.'\|~ ol
mutual respect; they want to have FRIENDS, not MAS'I‘IIIRS "

 

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1971

Pre-Registration

Form Changed

by Vicki Gottlicli

I’m-registration will be different than ever before
for the coming spring semester. In the past, Pre‘
registration has proceeded according to alphabetical
groupings of student's last names going in a random
rotating order, If your last mime began with “c.”
there was no guarantee that you’d pull class cards
after the “b‘s” or before the “it's.” This year,
however, pre-registration will follow a strict alpha-
betical order.

Thomas Burnette, University Registrar, claims that
the present sequential arrangement was put into use
to fit the shortened prc-registration period. The old
order, based on a four-week period, did not fit into
the new three week period. The amount. of time for
pro-registration was shortened in order to increase
efficiency. In the four week period, the daily
student. participation was spread out and so the
registrar‘s office was not processing as many stu-
dents' schedules as it could have, The shortened
period allows for more students per group, thus
permitting more students to prcvregister each day.

The major concern of most students seems to be
whether or not this will be a permanent schedule.
Althouin Burnette is not yet sure of the exact
schedule for fall I972, he said that there will
definitely be a rotation of time periods. In future
pre-rcgislration periods, those students who pre-
regisler near the beginning this semester will probal)»
Iy be near the end; the middle Wlll move closer to
the beginning; and the end will move towards the

middle.

 

Primer

campus literary magazine
Will be accepting
your literary

masterpieces from

now until
December 15
at the CC Info De. k

 

 

 

 

lllloi’malion: call Leslie I03” Illit ;

 

nan-sun. w. :- 3». you-u! m

Although there have been changes in the order in
which students pro-register and the length of time
they have to do so, students still must havv a

salmon-striped program card signed by their advisor

 

and an ID. card to pull cl .n'ds. Also, as in the
past, no student can pull cards before his scheduled

day and time.

Veterans ’ Day Protest
Stiﬂed Due to Rain

by Don McLeod

Associated Press Writer

While antiwar forces rallied to Washington. Vice President Spiro 'l'
Agnew led lllt' official Vclcrans' Day program Monday Will! .i call for
support of President Nixon's wal‘ policies

“We can show the veterans of Vietnam,
earlier wars, no finer appreciation of the coiitril
made to I‘I'I‘I'Iltllll and to our welfare as a iialioii
President in his pursuit of peace and his efforts to in
generation of American war veterans',” Agnew said.
tit laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown
atioiial Cemetery before delivering the address
alional Ceremony A sparse crowd sat through

aiul the veterans of oiii
iutioiis they have
than to assist the
akc them the last

The vice preside
Soldier in Arlington N
at the Veterans Day N
the dark, gray dri'I.1.Ie.
The rain also dampened somewhat the antiwar 'protcslors‘slai'l of a

year long campaign to oust Nixon from the White House, sponsored
by the l’eople‘s (‘oalition for Peace antl Justice

A peace rally planned for the Washington Monument grounds was
moved indoors to a church in the iiorlliern section of the city, and a
rock concert was called off,

The Pentagon, apparently assuming the inclement wcallicr made
iiiaior incidents unlikely, announced that some 12,001) soldiers and
Maritich'on alert at three military bases In the area in case of vtol
at lllt' demonstrations had been returned to normal ilitly

Observances around the country followvd traditional patterns on
t-ti-rans Day under a new schedule established
grumbling .nnong lradit ionalisls

cilci-

this first observance of \’
by t'tnigicsx .iltlioiigh there was sonic
about ilioplllui.‘ IIIi' Not‘. I I dati- which has Ili't'll observed \lllt't' \t'orlil
\\'.ii I

'r 2». ~ .ew.lay-iaammmsmmvwmee

 

Students ponder the new spring schedule and the new pre-registration set up at the University College's

window. Pie-registration will precede from A—Z to help “make the system more efficient."

potlock

Smiley Named Associate Dean

Malcoin I‘. Smiley has been
named a"ociate dean in the divi~
sioii of sciences and mathematics,
(lollege of Arts and Sciences. Sini-
ley has been a mallu-matics pro-
I't-ssor here since 196'].

“My basic duty," the new dean
said,“is to implement the policies
of the administration in the areas

 

Director of Research
Sought by Committee

I’residenl Benelet has an-
nounced the creation of a new
position in the University Admini-
stratioii entitled Director of Re-
search. The Director of Research
will serve as the executive officer
for formal research administration
under lIll‘ superVising authority of
Vice President Salkcver.

The office has been claractcr»
i/.ed by President Ilenezel as a key
position and Will involve the fol-
lowing duties:

“()hlain Information concerning
opportunities for external funding
(federal agencies, state agencies,
fouiidal ions, and other sources) of
research, training grants, new pro-
gram developments, and any other
appropriate activny for the facili-
ly aiitl staff at SUN YA

’l‘ransnnt regularly to the most
appropriate schools, departments.
other units of SUNYA, and/or
individual faculty information
concerning possibilities of exter-
nal funding for tippl'tlpl'ltitt.‘ activr
lies.

Assist units of SUNYA and iiidi
\‘idual faculty in the construction
of proposals for which external
funding may he sought.

Develop and transmit to the
SUNYA Foundation proposals for
SUN YA activities for which

 

 

 

 

I ‘ monthly -football ON 'I v uuvs: 52.9..” 51
i ,w —
 tut-ml"! -movie night
.a _,\\' > I ' r.
t W" I‘ll \ lull length tcaturc and Old Time Ilicks
v“

t“
\\

 

t'ri - Bill Pole-Mn. lei

   

tliiirs.

sumltly -fIICItS, again

I l O
“Vo‘lnvs‘lﬂy ' 9'“ s “Ight Drink-5 71 PH“ I Old time FIirks,ag.iinI
AMATEUR NIGHT: tree drinks tor entertainers!

«lav. t'ridiw, SllIIII‘lIIIV -contemporary folk

Rania of Tuesday's Movni (No Minimum or Covuil

plus: "Twolor Night": TWO DRINKS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE!

sat - Hector

 

of science and mathematics. In
our present difficult financial situ-
ation, I hope to preserve the
quality of the faculty and, if
possible, dirccl somewhat more of
their energies toward their biisic
responsibility to the undergra-
duate program. At the same time,

outstanding achievements in re-
search."

Prior to coming to Albany,
Smiley was on the faculty of the
University of California, River-
side, where he served four years as
chairman of the department of
mathematics. In a teaching career

I want them to continue their that dates buck to 1938‘ he “'50
has been on the faculty of the
University orowa, Northwestern
University, Lehigh University, and
the University of Chicago. Smiley
was educated at the University of
Chicago, receiving B.S., M.S., and
PILD. degrees, all in mathematics,
support from that institution.

Chinas :

In and Out

UNITED NATIONS. N.Y.
(AP) The U.N. General As-
sembly handed the United
States a stunning defeat Mon»
day night by voting to seal Red
(‘Inna and expel the Chinese
Nationalists.

SUN Y A I’ou ndation
could be sought.

SerVe as secretary to the Com»
niittcc on Sponsored Funds."

  
    
   
  
      

  

Because of the urgency in filling
llllh new office, the committee
Will be able to consider oiin those
nominations made before NoVem-
ber 12, l‘.l7l. Nominations and
supporting Vitae should be sent to
Robert McI’arlantl, Secretary to
the Sec' nary to the Search (Ioni—
mtttee for for Director of lle‘

search, Ailininislrat too 2322.

 

Central Council

continued from page I
Other Business

Central ('ouncil's Emergency Spending Line was increased to
$35,000 tltl hy the addition of the expected surplus from last year,
The surplus t‘tlllll' about as a result of more income than projected
from student tax, money not spent last year, and more money owed
them than cxpet‘lcd. Money taken from the lane this year amounts to
.‘lt It),tltltl.t)tl Icavuig Central Council with an Emergency Spending Line
of .‘li-lh,ll(lll.llll.

By a near unanimous vote, (‘enti'al ('oiincil gave Its endorsement to
‘ation planned lll sixteen United States cities on

 

the regional demons
Saturday, November ti, to protest the war in southeast Asia.

 

Carol Sclilageter

Knickerbocker News Reporter
will speak on

How to Effectiver
Present a Story

Tues. October 26

8:00 pm HU l29
ASP News Staff Please Attend

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

t
t
I

 

 

 

