   

M30’1M4K ex 4». I. A. A ,A_ i

 
  
      
   
   
  
  

wee  

  

or «it». he .a 0.-.).

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PAGE

 

H“.-- "new.

 

 

ALBANY STUDENT PRE$

Aquamen Improving,

by Linrh Myers
Wednesday night the Albany
Great Danes swim team swam
against Plattsburgh State. Platts-
burgh is one of the strongest
teams in the state and the Albany
team made a very strong showing,
coming up on the short end of a

 

But Still Lose, 44-67

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1971

 

LEAGUE Ill—DIVISION A

 

 

The Danes had first places in Les Puretz ﬁrst in the LEGO-yard Tmm won Lost
four events, and with Isaac Wilson brush-eke, The Elttt-ard' 0
taking first in the seven-meter breasrroke was the most oscilinj. Hle Chm 3 1
required diving, Peter Gersten- race of the night since brvaslroke Simmﬁ sum 3
haber first in the ZOO-yard butter- has always been the weakness of Munsewmn 3 1
fly, Leonard Van Ryn first in the the Mermen. Puretz had a trenien- Txo 2 1
SOD-yard freestyle, beating two of dous swim and led all ‘the way. STB_‘ 2 2

“th ' awi e d The surprise was Rob beicr who ALC 1 2

*4 ‘« P" ‘ u came on strong at the end to L chch 1 2

u! touch-out a Plattsburgh swimmer Aim 1 ‘(Formiwd out) 0 4‘
and give Albany a l-2 finish, Chl'l‘ckers l 3

Scoring seconds for Albany
were: Ken Weber, IOO-yard free
style; Peter BEI‘SIL‘HIIIII)CI’, 200-
yard freestyle; Jaik Schubert,

— B
ZOO-yard butterfly; Ken Weber, LEAGUEIII DIVISION

 

AMIA B-Ball

LEAGUE III—DIVISION C

Team Won Lost
Snack Bar 3 0
UAWMF 4 t
Moses Men 2 2
are 2 2
NYC Slicks 1 1
Fugs 1 2
GDX 1 2
Old Milwaukee 1 3
Mofos 1 3

LEAGUE Ill—DIVISION D

 

 

 

 

 

"I worked hard all summer

to get enough bread for a down paymerit on my
new bug. So I'm going to baby it.

   

 

You worked Ili'lld Itlf that new «or ol yours Now all you‘ve
got to do is take liilft? ol it Part of it's usmg the right
gasoline Amount. Ilie type iiiost new car owner

manuals recommend,

Amoco IS specially formulated lor yoiii new car's iinti
pollution engine. Made to help it run better, longer And
Amoco can (/ou/J/e the bio of your triil pipe and mulllei
compared to fully loaded gasolines, spark plugs lilSl
longer, too.

Amoco Supor~Premium gives you (III these benelits plus
better mileage than other premiums It's the only anti
pollution premium gasoline you can buy

That's one reason why more new (:ar buyersswrtch lo
Amoco and other gasolines at American than any

other brand.

SO now that you've got that new car, use the gasoline
you can count on.

You've got a new car. We’ve got a new car gasoline.

You expect more from American and you g_e_t it...

ZOO-yard freestyle; Bill I'Inrt, Team Won Lost
. > Team Won Lost

ZOO-yard backstroke, Geier, 0 4 4 0
ZOO-yard breaststroke, and Issac Trojans 4 0 FEE 3 1
Wilson in the one—meter optional EEP—A g I commodores 3 1
' 'n . STB—II
dI‘Y‘llbl'imyvs team record of :2‘l.8 Stampers 2 1 Cloud 9  ‘1)
was tied by Marc Eson in the State Heads 1 1 pmm’gs   :;
50-yard freestyle, and the 400- Aces u 1  EFF [‘ovrinits .1. 
yard Medley Relay record was Chulkers 1 1i Lrtrtglp ians 0 :1
lowered about six seconds to Apﬂngocs 1 J LosTamusmld ml) 1) 11
4:06.") by the team of Hart, SheboygunBenvm 0 4 Zeusuorrepc ( 0 ,l
Puretz, Gerstenhaber, and Van Boondoglem ,
Ryn.

,,,po!lock 

Dump Ploﬂsburgh
Wednesday

by Kenneth Arduino

Wednesday night whili- innsl
pi-iiplr' \Vt‘il' \\'.iti'liliig the basket
Il.’|II game. the ,'\IIiilll\ inntinr-n
Wt‘t'l‘ in (he proves. of In‘nttrnz
I'I.III\ItI|l'1EII l.» to N‘

In 4”! llllllt'l‘anl' -.llIl\\'tlit_‘ Ill"

:\Ill.lll\ nirilnivii hail i. pin. 'l'lim

were Il‘II Ii\ II|‘\IllI|.i|i |..i r\ .\I~I'i»
ill'.‘ Iii-l “Illt our. in l‘; t.
\IlilL‘li' llllt In,- A w il“l\'

\H'igiil Ii‘II.|\ \Illll li.iil in. «wood
xll‘.I|L:Ill |l|l| .iiiil III" i1iiii I.1‘,l II
the lii.i|i-Ii III I lllilllllt‘ and 1'”
M‘t'l‘llll‘v

titlii-i piii~. \\('t'|‘ Ill.ttI(' In ~I|lti
i\IL'III|llL'_.|I<‘. ('Ittl \li-uu, Illill'
Ilzini-i .iiiil \l .\Il"|tl" I'Iilt \iilii
Impl Ill» IlllIH'.IIt'll ~.lit-.il. emu.
.iiiil Ilon ‘.I.iiiiiiiw ill the lien
inati-li ol IIH' IIIIIIII \tllll Il\ .
tIf'l'hllIlI

('o.ii'li ’i.ni-i:i “.IHI |Ii.i| Ilit-
I'Illll\l)|ll'llll Inn's \vri-stlr- III'III"
than the \t'tli't' showed lnit Ilii-
Alliain Iiti_\\, "were l'l'tlII\ up for
“11‘ iiiiili'h." [\t't‘tll‘lllllll lo llill'l'lil
lIll' iiiinii sli'i-nglli ol li-.iin IN |I.\
Iltllttllt‘f‘, especially IN‘IWPf‘ll llw
Iill Ills. ilIIlI I77 Ilia. i'IElhht‘s If the
Albany wrestling It'illll has one
problem it Ih lhr' IIH'I\ of depth

()nly Itl lwo position» are IIlf‘I'I‘
any wrestle offs 'I'Iiis |.\ tIlll‘
inunin to the lack of students
going out for the team. (Yoiii'li
(Inrt‘ln fuels that llll' pressure of
other wrestlers challenging the
starter ls necessary lo Itnprovr- llii-
wrestlers. The probable return
next semester of Jeff Albrecht
will improve IIH' depth

Albany's next match In Saturday
at Rochester. Rochester was the
last team to defeat Albany in a
dual meet. The Great Danes

should be really up for this one,

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1971

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

  

PAGE 13'

 

 

THE Asp seems

 

 

Danes Top P.8.

by Bruce Maggi"

The Albany State basketball team opened its
SUNY conference season with a big victory over
previously unbeaten Plattsbnrgh, HZ~HH, in a game
held at the University Gym last Wednesday.

It was not the best played game, as both teams
shot only lit)"; from the field. Both teams were
hampered by poor officiating. (‘oiicli Dir-k Sauers
and I’latlsburgh's Coach Norm Law, plus the crowd
were amazod at some of the calls of the referees.

The key to the game was Albany's ability to
out-rebound a much taller I’laltsburgh ll'tllll, Fit-IS.
In the first half Albany pill it all together. From the
opening tapoff. the Danes took the lead which they
never relinquished. Albany only committed (i turn-
overs in the first half compared to 18 for Platts-
burgh. Albany also stayed out of foul trouble.
which had hurt them in previous games. John
Quattrochi, the Danes' quarterback, had the offense
moving, as he chipped in l 1 points. 4 assists, plus 7
big steals. Albany blew I’lattsburgh off the court in
the closing minutes when Byron Miller, Quattrochi,
Bob Rossi and Don Joss all bit field goals as the
Danes raced to a 43-25 half time lead.

In the second half, Albany reverted back to their
former style of play as they committed numerous
fouls and turnovers. Plattsburgh tried vainly to
catch up. Albany upped their lead to 2] before
Plattsburgh showed any signs of life. The Cardinals
started to use a full court press causing Albany to
give the ball up many times. Plattsburgh's " L '

e
I

 

 

 

was led by forward Don Verkey, who pumped in 26
points to lead both teams in scoring.

However, Plattsburgh could never get closer than
12 points. With 5:08 left in the game, the Great
Danes froze the ball. The team displayed fine ball
control, holding the ball once for 30 seconds and
another time for 42 seconds. Plattsburgh was forced
to foul Albany in order to get the ball back.

With 3:32 left Werner Kollin, who played a fine
game, was forced to leave the game when he injured
his knee. In the final few minutes, Albany poured
on their offense again as Miller got a three-point
play and Reggie Smith hit a bucket. Coach Sauers
then decided to empty his bench and give some of
the subs a chance to run out the clock,

Smith led the Danes in scoring as be was 8-H
from the field and a total of 17 points. Miller and
Welchon both had 15 points. Albany, now 2-l,
plays Binhamton at the University Gym tomorrow

 

J-V Hoop
by Bruce Maggin

In the ﬁrst half of a twinbill, Albany's junior
varsity basketball team was trounced by Platte-
burgh‘s J.V. 97-75, and lowered their record to
0—2. The Dane pups fell into early foul trouble and
were hampered by the lack of depth on the roster.
There are only 8 men on the entire team.

Plattsburgh‘s J.V. dominated the boards, getting
most defensive rebounds and many offensive ones.
For the losing Dane pups, Jerry Hoffman was high
man with 241 points followed by Mel Brown and
George Moore with I2. Their next game is here
tomorrow night pri-Ceiling Albany”Binghamton,
startingal 6:30.

 

 

 

night at 8:30.

  
 

   

 

.u...-...-............... .... -.

   

"nun-nuuuuuu

egular New Book

 

hours: Fridays 9-6
Mom—Thurs. 9-8 Saturday 9-2

ORDER option I

IMMEDIATE PICKUP option 2

and 4.

 

  
 

Rush
YOU'LL HAVE TWO OPTIONS FOR
BUYING BOOKS NEXT SEMESTER.

Turn order in one day, and pick up books the followmg

day between 9 and 8. "0 MORE WAIIING Ill IIIIESI

Wait in line and pick up books the slime day between 9

        

,, lllllitlt'li'

  

      
 
  

I’Ial tsbnrg 82-08.

basketball action Wednesday night. Top: Werner Kollin (50) lies
sprawled with a kiwi.- injury. Left: Reggie Smith (40) puts it up from
up close. Right: Kolliii pops one from the corner. Albany trounced

Face Tough Holiday

by Bill Heller

In the upcoming month, the Albany Danes, now
2-] overall, and 1-0 in league play, will get into the
heart of their tough schedule. They will play seven
games, including three league encounters and the
-Cllpll0I District Tournament.

Tomorrow night, the Danes host Binghamton,
who in an earlier game lost to Stony Brook by OVer
ten. (Albany stopped Stony Brook 69-62 last
Saturday.) Then, on December 29 and 30, the
Danes host the Capitol District Tournament for the
ﬁfth straight year. Albany has fared well in recent
years, finishing first three years in a row, and second
last winter. The opposition will be the same as last
yur, and just as tough. In the opening game at 6:30,
on the 29th, Union, 18-3 last year, should get by
Sienna, if they can stay out of foul trouble. Union,
who beat Albany in the ﬁnal last year, features Jim
Tedisco, a 5‘8" guard, who averaged 24.5 last year.
Sienna will counter with Junior forward Fred Shear,
who clicked for a 24 points per game average for the
‘71-’72 season, and a 6’10." center. In the second
game, Albany hosts a tall, veteran, RPI team, who
have already proven themselves by beating a good

Scranton team by 25 points. Their front-line statis-
tics are 6’3,” 6'4," and 6'6," and Albany could have
a tough line on the boards. The consolation game
precedes the championship tilt at 6:30 on the 30th.

After a nine day layoff, Albany must play four
games in eight night, all away, and three of them
league. On January 8, the Danes travel to Oswego to
try and up their SUNYAC record to 2-0. They then
face Southern Connecticut at Hartford, in non--
league play. The 14th will ﬁnd the Danes with their
most important game of the young season as they
journey to Brockport. Coach Sauers tabs Brockport
as the team to beat in the SUNYAC Conference,
Finally, they must play at Geneseo the next night.
By the time you return from your vacation, you
should know the quality of this year’s edition of the
Great Danes.

 

SUNY Chomp
to NCAA’s

Ilevenl changes by the NCAA In
its National College Division Bas-
ketball Championship will affect

 

 
    
  

LC- 18

 

 

Fri. Dec. 10 i

i at 7: 15 and 9: 15 pm $.25 with tax; $.75 without tax

c¢¢:¢:: ¢¢ ¢¢v¢¢v cccc ::¢ ccvv¢ ‘ the chum-cs of the Albany Great

1  rese" ‘8 1 Dunes to compete in the post-
0 0 season event,

0 Approving the recommendsLions

1 I I i of the College Basketball Commit-

1 0 tee, the NCAA has granted auto-

1 ll inatic qualification to the cham-

1    i: pious of eight conferences. begin-

ning with the 1972 College Dlvi-
sion tournament next March. One
of the eight leagues so designated
is the SUNY Athletic Conference,
which Albany has rejoined this
year.

 

 

AAAAAA‘AAAAAAAAA A
YWTIJVIIYI‘VI i‘fYIY|ﬁ_V',IWI'VV.YYYV

