 

 

PAGE 12

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS

Delusions

by Charles Sullivan
I don't know where I am. I don't know why I am.
I don't know who I am. I thou ght that I could get
over these feelings, but I guess that they'll stay to
haunt me until I die. And I so much want not to
die! I want to live so much, but I don’t know how.
Who’ll teach me? How will I know?

Maybe that's what life its-learning. Nobody teach-
ing-just learning. Nobody tells you how to live.
You're just adrift, left to fend for yourself. Others
push you around, but then you either get used to it
or you learn to push back. See? That word "learn"
comes up. Probably, life is meant to be insecure so
that people can learn. Nobody learns anything
worthwhile except when he's forced to learn it; and
then he has to use that learning to survive. People
are just learning animals who bump into each other,
each bump causing new learning. Life is one learning
situation after another. A person can never really
enjoy life because learning can be and often is
painful; but the more a person learns, the fuller his
existence.

I drift from one learning time to the next: I get
beaten up once but the next time [overcome my
opponents because I learned how to kick and punch
from the last time. The thing that I have over most
people is that I know that life is learning, and little
more than that. The more I learn, the more I live.
That‘s why I like to be active, although R&R ( rest
and recreation) is learning, too. 1 don‘t like inactiv-
ity that’s forced on me: now that's preventing me
from learning as much as I wanted to. Somebody
else is imposing his idea of learning on me. I don‘t
like that.

It's sad, though, that I know life is learning, and
little more. Saying this is like putting limits on it.
No matter what you learn and how much of it you
learn, all you see if life is what you learned. I feel
empty--dead-_~inside when I realize that. I feel
lonely not just alone, when I realize that. That
realization -~the exact moment I comprehend that,
that flash of understanding-J feel futile, for my life
is futile. Learning is futile.

What is real? Nothing here that's for sure! The
many flashes of insight that have cut through this,
this “life”, have shown me this. I have learned,
during my insights that there is an absolute,
somehting, that doesn’t learn, something that is
beyond all this---God. I look around me and I am
schooled because I wont to be deluded--l want this
"life" to make sense; but ultimately I can't. I know
the Truth now, and It can never be erased. Oh, God,
help me! Please help me! I cling to life because I
want to believe the delusion. But I know that it is a
delusion, and this pains me. Why, God, why did you
do this to me? Why did You want be to (1653“:
delusion when I know its worthlessness? Why do
You make me su fferi’,....

[just arrived again tit the point where I started and
have progressed no further. I have no answurs and I
realize the delusions even more. I‘m lost even more

and the loneliness grows. It grows because I know
that the only way I’ll realize who, why, and what I
am is to reach my God. And--oh!-I reach Him so
few times....

Learning is to realize the futility of it all, the big
deception that is life. Learning, true learning,
learning that reaches the soul and scars its essence"-
this learning can never be taught in a school, only
by and in oneself, by and in one‘s self-realization.
School learning is a diversion, designed to give
people confidence that life is really worth some‘
thing, that life is real. Schooling produces the false
impression that life can be formed. It isn’t formed--
it isn’t even there!!! Schooling can only (lelude us
into thinking that life is worth something, but this in
but a noble, albeit oftentimes successful, method of
keeping man sane, or what schooling calls “sane”,
anyway.

 

I atria wave
frozen at the point of/ircttk
3 inches front the glazed sand
a roll of crystalline foam stopped ovcr rocks.

Just for (l turtt of the earth
I could bring a whole hotly
to rise and fall Willi Inc
[Jul they are so still
so still
so froze/i
cold.

No movement will be
tutti! movement is.
With everything blue-grey
Staring ii the ultimate,
To roll on eyeball,
not even Ila/fa sphere,
is the tar/cut
of the movement.

Until the thaw
tllllil the trickle
the case of liquid life returns,

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1971

    

~
ASP Photo/Chow

Within me,
it might or well he grey,
like worn out ict‘
frozen, thawed
frozen. I/ittwctl,
the ionic ueg water. Mitch lIll’ lung/i.

To think when the wave jinn/li- hrcaki‘
after the long draw,
the .ert’lt'lllllg of those liquid thighs
the arc ri.\'c,
the furious curl,

it falls,
unto itself.
it [lat/ens, into the ice ofothcrx
( )f restless rumbling when,
ready to .l'plll'll and spurl
again ready to llt‘tll’t' themselves to
non-exittwice--

or with the next turn remain
frozen
stillcd
at its point
of break.

Mary Yorizm

5300. o .5300. o .5300. o .5300. e .5300. 0 053000 o .5300. o .5300

 

(.‘t'nlvet ll).

0

. O
o If ou have a roblem or 'ust wont to ro Series Be ins
o campus y p ’ I p telephones :I g
0
w
M .
m community CO" Open 8 TueSdoy
o . '
. sefwce  I'IOUIS . ..,, .
t'I‘Hllt't‘lll'f'S on .Stittllit'tisl
; and .   (I lnc\i(t Tri'ics presented
jnlll y W lic ‘o "l' of (ic criil
° emer e" g: Hliulics and the ‘ti‘slzlll Hillilillch‘
m g Cy ° ('onimillcc of [he Stuic Uiiivcrsily
o of New York iil Allitiny. opcii Io
.  . llli‘ university communin and lhc
iiilcrcslcd p llc 'llo l t l 's'
.    . sion chzirgc. l'l'hi! giihll «il'illiisl:tii‘!ilcs
. . is to prim-iii iiulhoriltilivc infoi
o . v . motion from Viii'icd pcrspcclivn-s
9: 0r VISlt us at the Ten Eyck apartment on Dutch Quad apart of the Middle Earth Project. 3  "“" i”""“‘ii’“"‘i "W "0”" 
i‘ o mori- ('iililpi'i'l c s l i ll In ccd
I: o View of the lriililgiili/n  :Im\\’lliltilc
Spoil c‘hl 9 l -c 'l )si- o l c
. . DRUG HASSLES ' EgggkAPSEELEMS 0 FAMILY or PEER pROBLEMs . radial Lilli} (Tall-fStalin“? ii
.  . . CALL  AND TALK IT  . IM'I-it‘lﬂ‘t‘ iiiitl ian-i-sl iiiSoiilhciisl
. . . DRAFT AND PSYCHOLOGlCAL . PROMPT AN . Asia and for their professional
a lNFORMATIONAL SERVICE COUNSELING D PERSONAL °““""'“‘"“" ”' "“'  " “ 
u o lLl_I
8 AND  .  ATTENTION w preseiiliilion.
O
In ' . ' o I'l‘Ilt'l't"‘Wlll he seven evening scrc
0 all contacts kept strictly confidential o 3:333) 1 ugh-1:1.yxnvaxliman?“
I) I} i) I ' L'r ).
g . sessions will he held in Lecture

3000 o .5300. 0 053000 0 .5300. 0 .5300. o .5300. 0 .5300. o 0530

 

Vol. LVlll No. 44

 

Albany Student Press

 

On October l5, I969, Albany students listened to the reading of 39,000 names of war
dead. As of October 2, l97| . the U.S. death toll was 45,564,Soulh Vietnamese totaled
33,922, and North Vietnamese and Vietcong 775,509.

Moratoriums: Past and Future

In The Beginning...

by Maida Oringlicr

Ociohcr lfi, 196!) was the beginning. The State Universin of New
York iii Albany held its first antiwar moratorium, ()n that “nalioniil
day of mourning," Alliany Hltilc s1 udcnls took part in varioin. ziclioiis
protesting the Viclniiin war, actions llizil hciii‘ i'cscinlihincc lo iii-x1
\Vi-(lncsdtiy's plans.

Al noon, lwo yciirs iigo, sliidcnls listened lo the r uling ol' Il!l,()lil)
names of “Mir dcud, ul lzliil Lori-n Iiill'lll, prol'i-ssoi' of liisliii'y .il
Alliany Hlaic, licld :i festival for llic "Assault on tlic (‘iilliirc of
l)c:illi" al which various spculicrs (lisciisscil topics relating lo lll;l.\.\
ciilliirc and the Viclnuin \Vlli'. 'l'hc afternoon's iiclivilii-s coded with

 

Workshops cow-ring such Iopics as “l'Itliictilion :tiid lhc ('ulliirc of
l)c:illi.” “War t\.s Mass (‘ulliirc," :iiiil “Draft licsisliincc and 'l‘lic \Viii' "
llll‘ii.~ \\'crc discusscd. cXcliiingi-tl and tllM'UVl‘I‘i'd informally liclwm-n
sloth-tits and faculty

chl cami- llic cimdlclighl march from Draper Hall to Ilic (‘iipilol
Sludciils lirouglil lhcir cries 1)l|l:.l(ll‘ of llic campus and urged t\|hiiii_\'
rcsidcnts to liilic purl in llll' prolcsl. (‘ongrcssniiin Danicl lliilloii,
Nassau l'oiinly Executive I‘illut'lll' Niclicrsoii, Sloth-Ll Mohiliurlion
lit-prcsciiialirc llill ()‘liziiii joincil llll‘ Ihoustinds in crilici'riiig the war,
Niclicrson aiinictl his comments toward l’rcsitlciil Nixon, “'I‘lii-rc are
lessons to hc lciii‘ncd, Mr. President. ()iii' (pit-slums to you may not In-
new, hiil you how yet to answer flit-iii!" licvvri-iid Frank Snow
:ippmlcd for anion-sly for political prisoners. “We ask for iimncsiy...noi
forgiveness, for llil‘) htch nothing lo he forgiven ol'.. 1| humble and
pcnilcnl nation should set them free.“

The spctikcrs wcrc urticuliilc, and llic iiiiii'clici's wcrc Willing lo lislcn.
Homc wondcrcd, howcvcr, if anyone in Washington was lislciiiiig as
llicy cliunlcd, ”t\|l \Vc are saying is givr- pczicc :i chiincc."

continued on page 3

1..

we.“ I: "

 

State University of New York at Albany

   

,..simmous

 

 

The ASP

Friday, October 8, i971

 

 

 

 

  

     

m..- ‘wdxdek‘i ~ Til-v“.

deaths of 4 Kent State

dz; , é . 4 i

d students, mourning the

students, marched to the State Capitol.
...rosenbcrg

Events for the Future

by Audrey Seidintiii _

 

Plans for the fall zinli-war offensive were presented to a group of
:ihoul fifty sludcnis liisl Monday night, The SUNYA chapter of the
People's (‘oziliiion for Peace and Justice, held the meeting in
conjunction with llil‘ new chapter of [he Studunl Mobilization
(‘ommitlcc Jack Schwartz, ii spokesman for lhe group, revealed the
campus actions.

As ti port of tho peat-c projch llic l’(!l’-l will prcsenl ll series of
movics on October H Iliroogh |2ul 7.31] in Lecture (Perrier 11. The
(‘oulilion hopes lo havr- a day of guci'illii theatre, where a wartime
situation Would he tissumcil on campus, ()ii ()clohcr IQ Jerry Coffin
of ihc War licsisluncc I.ciigiic Will hc spctiliing in llcclurc (‘I'lilL‘t‘ 2 til
7 Iili.

'I'hc Moratorium, on chncsday, ()clolici' lli, will fciiliii‘c ti i'tilly til
noon iil llic podium. 'l'licrc will hc information lulilcs, movies, gucrillti
ilicalri-, fasting and zi vigil ill ii p,ni. (il‘lillps rcpi‘cscnlcd will include
llic National Sludcnl Assocnilion, Viclninn Vcls Againsl llic Wtii‘, and
the Nalional l’ciicc Al‘lllill (hinlilion. Workshops will discuss women's
i‘iglils, gtiy lili, prisons llllfl i'cpi‘cssion, the Third World. lhc l'iill-
ol'l'cnsch, iintl llll' (Ll. MIiVi'llit‘lll.

(iordtiii Finch, ii iiicinlicr of the National 'l‘tisk Force for lhe
l'nll‘ol'l'cnsiw- discussed the plans for action in Washington DC.
According lo Finch, there will he a People's 'l‘ribuniil Friday, October
22. Speakers will present evidence and the lribuiiiil will judge cases
such as “prisoner repression and Nixon and the Breakdown of
Democracy." On Monday the 23'), thcrc will be a rally, ii Vietnam
ciilliiriil fcslival, and the ticccplhilcc of the People‘s Seven l’oinl Pence
'l'rcaly. There will he ti phone hook»in where Minisler Nguyen ’l‘hi
Binli, (‘hicl' of ihc Delegation of the Provisional Revolutionary

 

continued on page 3

'l'liousiinds joined to protest the war by staging ti candlelight march in I969. Al the
capitol steps, they listened to Daniel Hutton, Eugene Nickersoii, and Ilill O'Kiiin.

...siinnious

I'uo years ago \llllll‘llh and faculty engaged in dialogues covering such topics as Ihc

Vietnam war and mass culture.
,.roscttl)cl'},'

 

