  
 
 

   

"y'v

J
¢-,_

  
  
    
 
  
    
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
 

 

 

  
 
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

~nvr¢—,

    
  
     

 

’that can be found

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By MARC SCHWARZ
Sports Magazine Editor

Today the United States Olympic hockey
team begins its defense of the gold medal it cap-
tured so dramatically four years ago In Lake
Placid. '

The scene is different. There will be no
thundering chants ofrUiSiAi, UlSiAi. The site is
now Sarajevo, Yugoslavia. EVen the participants
are different. instead of Eruzlone, Craig, Morrow
and Johnson, the names are now LaFontaine,
Behrend, Chellos and Olczyk.

By now thousands of words have been written
about this year's team and the 20 men that pro-
vided us with “The Miracle on ice”. What
follows is not a basic preview of the team or a
reminiscence of the triumphant team of 1980;
in any newspaper or
magazine. instead I want to give a little insight
into this team, an insight i gained when I saw the
’84 Olympic team play the R.P.I. Engineers in
late November. At that time they were in the
middle of their long and strenuous exhibition
schedule and were just beginning to gel into the
team you will see tonight and for the next two
weeks. -

Four years ago the phrases being tossed
around were "infectious joy”, "big doolie”,
"Do you believe in miraclest”, and "this im-
possible dream comes truel" For a two week
span, the nation forgot about the hostage crisis
in lran, rising oil prices and inflation. Twenty
hockey players won the heart and spirit of a na-
tion that hardly knew anything about the game
played on ice or the team that was playing David
to the Russian Goliath.

This year’s team enters the Games under an
intense spotlight. Many people will be watching
their first hockey game since the United States
defeated Finland for the gold medal on February
24, 1980 and will be expecting this year's edition
to pick up where the last one left off. Those who
follow hockey closely give the team virtually no
chance of defending their title and only a little
hope for a medal. Clearly the squad is in a
Catch-22 predicament. '

“This is a team playing under an inescapable
shadow. it is impossible for this team to do what
their predecessors did," commented Head
Coach Lou Vairo.

"This could be a better team than the 1980
squad, yet it faces a dogﬁght to even make it to
the medal round."-General Manager of the
1984 Olympic team Larry Johnson.

ueeeeeleeeeeeeeee-

The pressure

"There’s no pressure on us. We just love to
play hockey,” Vairo said.

While the coach might believe his claims,
Johnson offers another perspective: "There is a

  E I'A'tiin‘v sruo‘iwr PRESS j: TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 7' ’9“ . ' '
p t- .v >s1,: 2 '.‘,./ 3.- . ,

lot of media pressure for us to do well."

While previous Olympic teams have gone
through their exhibition schedule'and even the
Olympics unheard of and unnoticed, the squad
in Sarajevo has been beselged by the media and
admirers on every stop across America. Unlike
previous teams, wherever they go they are in
the spotlight. They are heroes even before they
step on the ice just because of what the 1980
team accomplished.

"The response has been great wherever we
go. People remember What happened in 1980,
how that team captured the heart and soul of
this country and they want to get back that same
feeling,” Johnson commented.

The pressure on the team during the long pre-
Olympic schedule was not just to win, but to
keep their poise. in many of the games the ac-
tion turned fierce and several USA team
members received facial cuts and injuries to the
rest of the body as a result‘ of the action on the
ice.

“We're a clean team. The officials try and

make the teams competitive with us,” Vairo '

complained. “We’re the bullies if we try and
retaliate.”

Most of all the Olympians will have to deal
with the pressure of the Olympic Games
themselves. They do not have an easy task in
even getting to the medal round. Their first two
games are against Canada and Czechoslovakia,
two of the toughest teams in the world. The U.S.
split an exhibition series with the tough cana-
dians. The recent stir over the eligibility of
Islander goalie Kelly Hrudey and that of former
Olympians Ken Morrow and Mike Eruzlone will
add to what should prove to be a game that
decides one of the two division Squads that will
move on into the medal round.

The other tough battle the U.S. faces is against
the Czechs. in 1980, the United States routed
the Czechs 7-3 and they will be looking for
revenge.

The trademark of the gold medal winning
team was their ability to come from behind, do-
ing that in six of their seven games, and to
dominate teams in the third period. The ques-
tion is, can this team do the same? While it re-
mains to be seen if this team is capable of doing
the same, if what happened in Lake Placid in
December is an answer, then things look golden
(or at least silver or bronze) for them.

In what was almost a repeat of the miracle of
1980, the U.S. handed the Soviet Select a 5-4
less. They did it coming from behind and then
after allowing the Russians to tie the score, they
surged back to win it in the ﬁnal moments on a
goal by Verchota, bringing back the chants that
cascaded throughout that arena four years ago.
UiSiAi, UlSiAi. True it wasn’t the top Russian
team, but it was an important victory for the
team’s confidence. U!SlAi, UiSiAi. And for one
night, the clock turned back to February, 1980.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
  

 
  

  

 
 

    

 

 
  
   

 

 

  
 

  
  
 
 
  
 

 
  
 
 
 

  
 
  
 
  

 
 

 

  
 

  

 
  
   

 
 

 
 

    
    
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   

  

   
 
  
 

 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  

   

 
 
   
  

  

 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
  
 
  

   
  
 

The team

  

Fact:This is the youngest hockey team the
United States has ever sent to a Winter Olym-
pics. Leading the team is the line of Pat LaFon-
taine, Ed Olczyk and David A. Jensen, ages 18,
17 and 18, respectively.

Fact:This squad split a series with the Canadian
Olympic team, won a series from the Soviet
Select squad .and only lost one game to its
numerous collegiate opponents during its
60-plus game exhibition schedule.

What you will see on the ice for the next two
weeks representing the U.S. is not some
haphazard collection of amateur superstars, but»
a team culminating a long and ardous seasor
that began in August with the selection process.

Vairo, who had close ties with the 1980 team

  

, LOU Vdirtt int-wt) \\'.|nj»‘_
the hm (jtlil Hy wit
and OH Inntmakir.

 

as well as pre

beatings the 19841eamta'm
teams they played, “Whilpeo

is what went on heloti
remember a few years ago it
it was very difficult to tea
teams. That's not thecasea
more depth," he said iol‘ V
of RPI, currently the nation's.
siOn 1 team. =
This collection ofskatei
Midwest, of teenagersa
college all-stars and jun
Canada, is the final produc
test. “We had a lot oip
ings (the site oi the Olj‘m1
summer," GM. Johnsons
along the way, (namelle D
Lawton to the Ni lL)
think you and the America
team that is hungry tom

 

     

T

  
  

   



 
 
 
  

   
 
 
   

w

vious naiio‘tl teams, relishes the

  
    
 
 
 
 

   

  
 

   
  
  
    
 

Barasso and Brian
andg hed some. What I

    
   

 

 
   

more importantly is very capable of doing that."

in many ways, this year’s team is very similiar
to the gold medal squad. By their own accord,
they will have to rely on their skating ability,

to the college
ple don't realize
1980 team. l
as very different,
the top college
more— we have
g a 5-1 thrashing
hird—ranked Divi-

  
   
  

 

   

helped us all out,’
the East and the
lympic heros, of
eague players in
f a seven month
in-Colorado Spr-
team trials) last
. “We lost some

have to do that to win.”

tional television. "We don’t

ublic will find is a
a medal and that

.: §
Mark Kdmpel and the rest of the Olympians  
hope to beat the opposition to the puck.

 

 

 

conditioning and hard work to beat teams.
"One thing that has been very helpful has been
the presence of Phil (Verchota) and John (Harr-
ington, both members of the 1980 team). They
have been through it all before and bake really
’ defenseman Gary Haight ex-
plained. “Lou (Vairo) works us very, very hard,
but when the two of them do it, we know we

The hard work was evident in the way they
totally dominated the Engineers of RPI and later
were able to outskate the Soviet Select on na-
consider
ourselves a physical team. That’s not-a high
priority tactic with us. Positioning and execution
is. Our practices gear around execution— pass-

   

ruesoav, FEBRUARY 7. 1994 o ALBANY sruornrprfzrss-a:sljpﬂsﬁebruahy  _ t

ing and skating,” Vairo explained. "We will be
ready to fly against the Russians.”

The coach

“l’m in a privileged position having this job.
Everything is just perfect. l’m doing what I
want.”-Lou Vairo.

Sounds nice, but the Brooklyn-born coach
might just mean it. He’s had a tough road to get
where he is today. Growing up in New York City
is not conducive to playing hockey, let alone
coaching it. Quick, name three Brooklyn NHL
players. Now maybe you can understand what
makes Vairo a special coach for this team. He's
the proverbial underdog, coaching a group of
underdogs. '

He's traveled to Russia to learn the sport from
the people who have adopted it and made it
their own. Yet he hasn’t stopped there; he's
constantly searching for new ways of playing the
game. "He’s done just a great job." Johnson
said.

That's not to say he is easy on his players.
Much was said about how Herb Brooks was the
tyrant of the 1980 team, working them till they
were ready to drop and them pushing them
some more. Well, the same is true about Vairo.

"i-le5works them very hard. Philosophically, the
two of them (Vairo and Brooks) believe in the
same system. Lou has them in top physical and
mental condition. He’s like Herb in that he
doesn’t let up and doesn’t expect his team to
either,” Johnson added.

While he is tough with the players in prac-
tice—— "l’ve seen him have them out on the ice
an hour after a game in which he felt they
played poorly, pushing them," a reporter travel-
ing with the team commented— he is different
from Brooks in the relationship he has with the
team. “Lou is a lot closer to the players. He is
more outgoing than Herb,” said Johnson, who
knows and has worked with both coaches.
“They are getting the same results in different

ways."

The star

if there is one player who can make the dif-
ference for the 1984 Olympic team, he’ll be
wearing number 16. He is 5’10” and 177 lbs. of
immense goal-scoring talent. He is the star.

Pat LaFontaine of Waterford, Michigan, is a
name that will be heard a lot. As soon as_the
Olympics are over expect him to take a spot
next to Trottier, Bossy and Potvin-and help the
islanders in their quest for another Stanley Cup.

When Brian Lawton and Tom Barrasso opted
for the megabucks and NHL stardom, LaFon-
taine could have easily followed. In fact, it was
expected of the three he would be the first to
sign. After all, he had decided to leave his home

  

    
  

ckey team se r  has for golden glory

in Michigan and play junior hockey in Canada,
where he scored 127 goals and notched 172
assists in 99 games for Verdun, Ontario. Barrasso
and Lawton had both just completed their
senior years in high school in the states and all
three were selected in the top five in this year’s
NHL draft. But LaFontaine stayed.

“It’s something he said'he has always wanted
to do,” Johnson said. "He’s just a great kid.”

But more important to the team than just be.
ing a great kid and possessing a boyish grin,
LaFontaine is a natural goal scorer. “He just has
an ihnate ability to put the puck in the net,"
Johnson said.

LaFontaine, who scored two goals and added
an assist against RPI and who was the leading
scorer during the exhibition season, is one of
‘hose players who always seems to be around
he puck. _

LaFontaine scored the first of his two goals
zgainst RPI by standing in front of the net and
tipping an Ed Olczyk pass past the goalie. Turn-
ing to Johnson, I commented, “i guess that'sjust
being in the right place at the right time.”

His answer- "That’s what l'used to think, but
then after watching him this season, I see him do
that all the time. He just has a natural nose for
the Duck."

The reporter from the Philadelphia Daily News
who had been traveling with the team

said. "He’s not as flashy as Gretzky nor does he
possess the powerful shot like Bossy, he’s just so
smooth on the ice. He's a natural goal scorer.”

LaFontaine has the ability to dominate a game,
to take it over and leave his mark on it. He wil'
have to do that if the U.S. is to win a medal

"He’s just a pleasure to watch on the ice and to
be around, just a great kid,” Vairo summed up.

The dream

By tonight the U.S. team will have good idea
where they stand as far as their chances for a
medal goes. A win over Canada will have them
in the position to determine their own fate while
a loss will require help from other teams.

No matter what happens this team cannot be
expected to reproduce that special feeling of
1980. The chances of repeating their gold medal
performance are a longshot by all odds, but this
is a team that believes in itself and feels that it
can win.

"Never will a moment capture as much emo-
tion as the 1980 team did,” Vairo stated. "They
did the impossible.“

But the smile on his face when he said that has
one believing that he has his team ready to do
the impossible and to make some memorable
moments of their own. Don’t be surprised to
hear the Star Spangled Banner being played in
two weeks and.seeing a smile spread across the
faces of Vairo and his twenty players.

              

 

 

