 
 
 

 

 

 imam ' ;
  westalk?

he Albany Student mic would like to commend

 

 

f T , "facilitate interaction (between student leaders and the
if administration) and to identify issues of mutual concern to
 our University community." _ - ,
' The meeting he held last week with various student leaders
:5 seemed an excellent idea to further these goals.- The con-
‘ tradictory way he handled the affair, however, signals a dif-

ferent approach to handling campus issues than his rhetoric
; suggests.
2 Two weeks after receiving the above invitation. the editor-
5 in-ehief of the-ASP and the general manager of WCDB were
g officially uninvited to this meeting. No explanation was given
.; for this last minute change of face.

We don’t see how excluding the two major campus media
t ﬁts into O'Leary's claim of “facilitating interaction." And if
‘3 he fals there are "issues of mutual concern to our University
3 community," shouldn't he look forward to working with,
 and not shutting out, the student media? We mistakenly
é assumed so. .
According to sources who did at tcnd, O’Leary apparently

5 did not feel comfortable with the idea of our attendance at

the meeting. As a result of his policy, he is hindering the

before it has a chance to‘bcgin. Does he harbor some dislike,
fear or disrespect of‘ats‘! Does he feel he must go around us

~ before coming to us?
We are at a loss. Our job is to serve the university com-
munity. To do this the best we can, we must listen to, and
work with, everyone at the university. We have no biascs

SUNYA President Vincent O’Leary for his desire to ,

working relationship between himself and the student media ‘

 

mammoth-«mum

Inca II. nu

LIA—LLLLLL!

'0! Ilulant Allltlallch attic-u

a
"tutu stun-t llllul

 
  

  

'n-I
ntut "an". I

    
 
 

- mu. "a t. A an a
u t. 1 alltu in tut. I
III at p"... and .tun

 

tttu
t Chlllll' In. In in. [rodent allaltl n
:a tutnie u urn-l. n. can u reached as

set vte- -
lleld. nit-mu of cu,“- “in

r
Jala-

 

 

Wan-tion nu. ma wmum Luau mu... an run run nu n: m

 

 

 

towards working with the administration.

One of the most disturbing aspects of this incident is lhal.
according to scurccs. the role and control of campus media
was discussed at the meeting. This is where O'Lcary's talk or
interaction and mutual concern seems to fly in the race of
reality.

We would have wished to join in the discussions on a”
campus issues. Valuable input was lost with our absence. nut
to carry on discussions about campus media without the
heads of the newspaper and radio station there to participate
is simply absurd. ,

The ASP is disappointed with O’Leary's predisposition to
alienate the student media. We take our position and respon.
sibility to this university very seriously. We cann0t figure out
what good our exclusion at last week's meeting accomplish.
ed, but we can figure out what damage was done to the stu-
dent media, our relations with the administration, and in the
long run, to the students and the university.

We believe that to undo this damage. it is now up It) the
ASP to take the initiative. We will not sit still and wait for
the opinions and action of the administration. We Wish to see
open, and productive relations. for evcryonc‘s benefit. if in.
cidents such as last week’s become the rule. no one will really
come out ahead. This cannot be allowed to happen.

The ASP, with WCDB. are setting up a meeting similar to
last week’s. This time.‘ though,,it will take place in the (‘tun-
pus Center, and not the Administration building.

We “hope to facilitate interaction and identify issues ui‘
mtttuai concern for the University community." Really.

 

COLUMN ~'

 

it‘s no secret that collegiate idealism has subsided. The
postwar American euphoria of economic-and military
superiority of the 505 and the JFK optimism of the 605
climaxcd and withered away, falling into, at best, dormancy
and at worst. oblivion. it was replaced, instead, by a
pragmatic, goal-oriented materialism and vogue cynicism.

[Edna Jacobs

Some have argued, and with good reason, that the change
was inevitable. That, to a large extent. the collegiate
metamorphosis was built right into the idealism. Paul
Johnson's article “The Lost ideal of Youth” in the March 25
New York Times Magazine is a case in point. in it he states,
‘ 3 “The advent of John F. Kennedy introduced an entirely new
« phase of idealistic youth culture. enormously magnified by a
I vast program of university expansion." This ushered in a
. new type of teacher. Liberal. left-wing politics and ideas
‘ emerged not simply from the students but from the pro-
' fessors as well.

-. “Nev-“y a. Acaa—nnw'vu-«n .,..~—~.u«

 

The author is editor-in-chief of Comil y

The loss. of idealism

The turnabout. as Johnson explained it, was at least par-
tially due to the “spirit of contradiction" that students tradi-
tionally have with their teachers. Thus, the 605 generation of
idealism, which today manifests itscifin the form of universi-
ty faculty have contributed to the demise ol'studcnt idcais. it
would. of course, be irresponsible to suggest that either a
liberal faculty is at any sort offault for this outcome or that
they are the sole factor in it. The point is simply an observa-
tion in irony. -

Certainly the factor of the economy is also an integral part
in the catalyst of transition. Job scarcity and insecurity have
certainly fostered the personal priority of mechanized self-
adyancemcnt. Conservative thought could easily be argued
as necessary in ﬁnancially troubled times. Putting one's nose
to the grindstone without looking up or noticing the world
and all it entails may be the worst by-products of a lagging
economy. Students now enter the university with preconceiv-
ed notions of what it offers as an instrument for their career
— careers which are increasingly being planned out in high
school. or at least before the numerous other possibilities
are realized.

Perhaps, though. the most distressing outcome of the loss
of student ideals is the indifference to politics. As was stated
in the March issue ofComin, we live in a world of iniquity.

bttt more importantly to the students without itlcals, “c “\L‘
in a world that is dangerous to our personal well~hcing. 'i'hc
l983 world military budget, for instance, stood ill Shut)
billion, $200 billion of which was accounted for by the
United States alone. Last year, the world nuclcttr stockpili-
was 5,000 times the destructive power of the last World \thl.
There is nothing to suggest that the statistics for this your will
be anything else than greater.

The point is, that as we scramble for jobs and get our
business, psychology or computer science degree, the world
that goes on around us is on the verge of arming itself into
extinction. Paul Johnson quotes German sociologist Max
Weber as saying that "youth was all-important — youthful
passion would save the world from the dry cynicism of the
elders.” What kind of world is it then, when the youth are as
cynical as the elders? We have, for the most part, relegated
ourselves to subordination and helplessness in the order of
the mechanized world. it need not be that way.

idealism may be back on campus through the new “ly 0"
insuring a safer environment. But if it does come at all. it will
be due to some intense threat to our personal well-being.
While world history may be going through its most trying
time, we, the students,without ideals, are suffering from
myopia.

   

 

OF new

 9R5
WON’T FaLL FOR
THaT one ‘

 

 

  

Heck, we Ran
a caMPaieN

iDeas FOUR
Yeares aeo!

 
    
 
   

 
   
     
 

STaRTtNG

 

' THE “W RaiN cvcte

aNGRY canaDians Retea a HOT a‘ ' ‘ .
Wis MeeTé COO!— R 5 tR® MixeD thtl TeaRéé)

DRive‘é BuReaucRaTécr-J iNDooRs, wueRe not Do aNbTueR
5mm. Tt-li‘é STeams caNaDiaus @,

ovate aeam.

        
 
 

Cottage Praia Service
slim 'm

louse mat
"IH‘- NM

 

 

 

IL’lhl)-\l' .\/‘l\’ll

l
t

l‘h‘il

0

,MM f,”

,//z

///7/

W

Baseball history
comes to life

raeHatt
of Fem?

\ 
\.\

\

 

 

