 

Manama.“ -

‘

 

 

APRIL I0, I984

Danepitchers bombarded by Dutchmen, 18-6

By Keith Marder

smars comm

Union College scored l8 runs on
IO hits to defeat the Albany State
Great Danes yesterday on Universi-
ty Field. That statistic is not as
misleading as it may appear if you
consider that five of their hits were
hotne runs. The Danes also scored a
lot from relatively few hits as they

“Our pitchers didn‘t have any
control." said Albany Manager Ed
Zaloom. “They started getting wild
and then they were ptttting anything
over there. That is when they got in-
to trouble.”

Albany used t'ive pitchers. none
of whom could find the plate. All
five of them combined to give up l4
walks in the nine inning game.

A graphic example of the gatne
was In the top of the seventh inning.
Union scored four rttns on no hits.
The Dutchmen were helped by three
walks. one hit by pitch. two Albany
errors and three wild pitches.

When they weren't scoring on er-
rors and walks. Union settled for
the long ball. Their first three hits
were hotue runs. Albany‘s starting
pitcher. Warren Mikcr. walked An-

was 6-3 in the fourth inning.

The Danes must put this loss in
the past as they have a double
header against conference rival
Oswego today. .

“Tomorrow is a big day.” said
Zaloom after the game. “Oswego is
in our conference. It would be best
for us if we could forget about this
game and get it out of ottr minds.

We have to put it all behind us."

FROM LEI-1' FIELD: Tomorrow's
double header ls scheduled to begin
at, [:00 p.m. on University
Fleld...Chris Fletcher and Rob
Tobias are slated as Albany's
slarlers...1’he loss opened the
Danes record at 2-2 with a H
record In the SUNYAC
conference.

scored six runs on as tnany hits.

 

It me the Union bate...

 

dy Markopolos. Jerry Catnpittelli
and Dave Usher to load the bases.
Miller then threw a high fastball to
Union's lead off hitter Rinehcrt
Walker. who then hit a grand slam.
It was not an ordinary home rttn
though. as Walker‘s shot hit the top

' of the fence before bouncing over.

In the third inning. Union came
with tnore of the same. Alex Rita

and Pete Cohan hit back to back

home runs. This tnadc the score 6-l .
Union. as they had scored six rtttts
on three hits at the titne.

Albany then went to the bullpen
but none of the next four pitchers
they used were successful. In the
sixth inning. .lohn Kalinski gave up
three walks to load the bases. Right
fielder .loe Wood then hit Union's
second grand slam of a blustery
afternoon. It was another typical
Union inning: four runs and one hit
(a home run).

The Dutchmen's last home run
came in the ninth inning 'whcn
Cohanihit his second of’the day: '

The Danes did jump out to an
early lead as freshman Fred Sac-
cocio walked and stole second and
third. He was driven in on a Bob
Conltlin sacriﬁce fly to give Albany
a H) lead after one inning.

After that it was all Union as they
jutnped out to a 6-t lead on the'
three home runs and never looked

ED unuseth UPS

back. The closest the Danes came u-OVWPOWWIW "l. Di". "mi-

Stickmen stage fourth quarter rally to top Siena

By Mark thgard
smr‘r return

The Albany State lacrosse team rallied
from deﬁcits of 5-0 and 8-4 and defeated the
Siena Indians by a score of I2-9 last Friday
afternoon on University Field. The Danes
now have a 3-0 record heading into today's
game against nationally ranked Cortland.

“it was a big win for us". rctnarked
Albany Head Coach Gary Campbell. “If we
want to be in the national picture. we had to
have this win." Siena is a Division 1 team.

Albany was led by Rick Triyano. who had
four goals and one assist. and Dave Certty.
who recorded the dottble ltat trick in netting
three goals and three assists. Alan Cornfield
played well in goal as he turned aside 20 Sicna
shots.

The Danes started the game the same way
they began their two previous matches: slow
and tentative. The Indians capitalized on
several Albany mistakes and walked away
with a 5-0 lead after the first quarter. Camp-
bell noted.“Slena has some real good sticks.
and they took advantage of ottr slow start.
We didn't come out ready to play and found
ourselves down 5-0."

Trizano broke the ice in the second quarter
with two goals sandwiched around a Siena
tally. Don Casadonte and John, Norris netted
late period goals, as the Danes fought back
and only trailed 6-4.

"The second quarter showed that we could
play with them." stated Campbell. “We
knew we weren't ﬁve goals worse than
them."

The second half belonged to Albany. Ac-
cording to Campbell. it was Trlzano “who
took matters into his own hands. He got the

groundballs. put Siena guys on their backs.

and cranked the ball in the goal." After the-

Indians scored twice tnidway through the
third quarter. Trizano netted his third goal of
the day at “:22 to tnake it 8-5. Rich Staraee’s
goal at l3:lS gave the Danes the momentum
they needed leading into the final stanza.

2

 

Cerny catne alive in that fourth quarter
and scored all of his goals. Trizano.
Casadonte and Bob Venier also tallied as
Albany pulled away to a l2-9 victory. Camp-
bell was happy with the play of Cerny.
"Siena had their two best defensemcn on
Casadonte and Venicr.‘I said Campbell.

. .
' t. 9. "cm. .457

E0 MANUSBIGN UPS

The Iecroeee teem upped the record to 3-0 with a .12-9 victory over Division I Slene.

“but Dave is every bit as good as they are. He
took their worst dcfenseman and had him for
lunch."

A key in the game for Albany was the fact
that they were running four midﬁelders while
Siena was rttnning only two. The Indians had
to utlilize their two second half time-outs ear-
ly in the half in order to get their middies
some well needed rest. When the gatne was
tttrning around in Albany‘s favor in the
fourth quarter. Sicna couldn't get organized

“He took their worst
dcfenseman and had
him for lunch. ”
—Coaclt Gary Campbell

 

and back on track because “we had to de-
pend on running people into the ground."
stated Campbell.

Tilt: Danes host Cortland today at 3:30.
and (‘antpbell hopes his team plays as well in
the first half as they have been playing in the
second half. “We don't want to label
ourselves as a second half learn.“ said Camp-
bell. “We would like to play four good
quarters. bttt no one is going to beat us in the
fourth quarter."

Today's game against the Red Dragons will
he a real test for the Danes. Campbell noted,
"This game will show a lot on where we
stand. We'll know how we stand nationally.
and if we can get into the playoffs. If we
come up with a good showing, we’ll be
okay." i 1

VOLUME L’XXI

Pretenders out
as UCB seeks
three new acts
for ‘Mayfest’

By Jim O'Sulllvan

AXSOI'IA II: .'\I “'5 I Illl'filt‘

Celebration '84 tickets went on sale Thurs-
day despite the fact that no headline act has
been booked since The Pretenders canceled
their appcttrance.

According to University Concert lloard '
President Doug Kahan. three bands. New
Rhythm and Iilucs Quarter (NRBQ). Grand-
tnastcr Flash. and Todd Rundgrcn are
scheduled to appear. although only Grand-
master l’lash had signed a contract as of
Thursday night.

The Pretenders. who wttld have received
$50,000. according to Kahatt. will not appear
because tltcy decided to go to Scandinavia.
he said.

UCB Treasurer Marc Bowch sttid tickets
for tlte evettt. also known as Mayfest. cost $7
for the first ticket and SIO each for two addi-
tional tickets. There is a limit of three tickets
per lax-card. He added that tickets would be
$15 each on the day of the concert.

Mayfest will be Itcld Saturday. May S at
the SUNYA uptown campus on the grounds
between Dutch and Indian Quads. tltc Cant-
pus Center. and the Gym.

Kahan said that although UCB had signed
the contract. the Pretenders hadn't. and so

 

they are__not legally .qlgliggd,.._toc-plnyvzmuo'

“m‘u'ytesi'.'Kahan‘said up to $1.000. although
he was not sure ltow much. had been spent
for publicity and equipment related to The
Pretenders' appearance.

Due to the preliminary oral agreement
reached with The Pretenders' agent. Ktthun
said that UCI} may be reimbursed by tile
band for any financial losses itt pttblici/ittg
tltc concert.

Kttlttm said a fourth act was being sought
for the cvcttt. L-‘ddie Mottcy was being cott-
sidercd bttt dccldcd ttot to play. The fourth
act is bttdgctcd at approximately $20,000. all
tltrce other acts will be paid a total of less
than $t6.00t).

UCB is looking for it popular act to
headline tltc show. Kahttn said. "Somebody
that people would like.” lte added.

Contracts have ttot yet been signed for
NRBQ and Todd Rundgren. who is appear-
ing without Utopia. Kahan said. pointing ottt
that he must sign the contracts. send them to
the bands. and then wait for thetn to be
returned to UCB.

“I probably won't have signed contracts
on the day of the show." he added.

Kahan said that several hundred tickets
were sold Thursday. despite the fact that
there was no advertising for the sales.

 

Poster for Mayfeet
UCB is looking for a fourth ac!

Ass.

#93

 

Nobel Prize-winning author Saul Bellow "

“We give our souls I0 (/10 oulsirle worl . "

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Bellow kicks off Writer’s
Institute to packed crowd

By Rick Swanson
Skill IlRII'ISR

Distinguished writer and Nobel Prize
winner Saul Bellow formally launched the
SUNYA Writers Institute at Albany
Thursday night with a lecture entitled
“The Writer and the World."

“Writers and criminals have much in
common." said Bellow. because like
lawles criminals. the fantasies of writers
are also lawless. that is. without bounds.

Speaking before a standing room only
crowd in the Campus Center Ballroom.
liellow suggested that a writer's world is a
solitary one, removed from the rest of the
world. “It is a great strain to become like
others who lead normal lives." he said
referring to what he considers the
unrestrained. or "lawless" imagination of
writers. .

“Writers spend a lot of time alone- a
writer is a solitary beast." said Bellow. He
asserted that although his work has been
widely acclaimed throughout the world.
he is comfortable by himself.

Bellow began his speech by reading a
portion of his soon to be released book
titled Hint Wilh His F00] in His Mott/h.
He then answered questions from a panel
of professors from SUNYA's English
Department.

The panel consisted of SUNYA pro-
fessors William Kennedy attd Sarah
Cohen. as well as associate director of the
Writers Institute Tom Smith. Cohen. who
has followed Bellow's writings for the past
tWenty years. has,writtcn a biography on
him. Kennedy. a former student of

Bellow, was the recipient of tire 1984
Pulitzer l’t'ile for Fiction for his recent
work II'UIItt’L‘t‘ll.

Indicating that America is still a melting
pot of different cultures. Bellow told the
audience that tltcrc are "Americans that
are aliens and at the same time aliens that
are Americans."

"Nationalistic ideas of pure culture are
historically untrue." said Bellow. He
pointed out that there is no such thing as a
typical American. rather. this is “a hybrid
world" and everyone's culture makes
thctn slightly different.

Responding to a question from Ken-
nedy about the “noise” or distractions of
the modern world. Bellow said that people
should try “to see through the noise" in
order to get a better grip on reality.

"We give our souls to the outside
world." said Bellow. But he also warned
that unless one is careful. one can be
manipulated and “the world can do what
it wants with our souls."

Bellow suggested that reading is a way
of spending time with yourself. and a way
to evade the “noise.” People tnust all try

to fight “the increasing dchumanization. V

of our world" and develop their inner
selves more. he added.

Saul Bellow was born in Quebec attd
later moved to Chicago. He received his
bachelor's degree in sociology and an-
thropology from Northwestern Universi-
ty. He has published many books; his
tnost recent work is the Pulitzer Prize win-
ning Huntboldl’s Gift.

 

 

SUNYA professor wins Pulitzer

(story, page 3)

 

 

April 27, '1984

.NUMBE'R_21

‘Auletta ’wins

vice pre‘sidency;
Schaffer faces
Hallock in runoff

By Heidi Gralla

.'\I: II S Ell/IUII'

Student Association presidential can-
didates Rich Schaffer and Tim Hallock will
light it ottt in a runoff election this Monday
and Tuesday after a tight race on April to
and I7 itt which neither candidate drew the
required majority of more titan 50 pcrccttt of
the voters.

Scltaffcr. tltc incumbent. garnctcd 856
votes. or 46 percent. narrowly edging
llallock. who received 800 votes. or 43 per-
cent. Bill McCatut got IJ‘) votes while Willie
Jones trailed with 79.

In the runoff. the candidate who receives a
majority of the votes wins the election.

Stt/y Auletttt won tltc SA Vice Presidential
race with l.t)57 votes. easily defeating
Dwayne Sampson. who received 4l7 votes
and Bill King. who finished with 223 votes.

The rct'crctultttns to fund United States
Student Association attd approve SA's new
constitution both passcd. Students also voted

' to cotttitutc the mandatory student activity

fee.

The total voter turnout was 1879 out of
about l2.t)()t) undergraduates. according to
SA electiohMgoptntissioner Tom Busby.

Ccttltttl ouncil clcctiotts for students liv-
ing oft‘c‘olouinl Quad attd off-campus were
invalidated. liotlt elections will be rerun this
Monday and Tucsdtty. Regarding the (‘ol-
ttlllttl Quad clcctiott. Busby explained he ac-
cidentally left l-‘cliciu Stanley‘s name off Iltc
ballot. In the ot't‘~ctmtpus election. Busby
\illtl he inadvertently included .lttckic Sw-
inglc's name for Central Council although
she was not rtmnittg for that office.

littsby said that no one has contested any
of tile ot hcr races. Tltcrc have. howcver. been
\L‘\t‘rttl complaints about the way elections
\\t.'t'L‘ run. “Like any other election in the
past." Iittsby said. “we had ottr share ofpro-
hlcms. tttcntal errors on my part. and. us
always. on the part of the candidates."

Some candidates complained that the luv
ditut Quad polling area opened 45 minutes
late on lite Tuesday night of elections. Bushy
said this occurred because tltcrc was only one
set of keys to open the voting booths so he
"had to be at all four quads at once."

Several Hallock supporters were reported
to ltave violated SA‘s elections policy by
campaigning on the Colonial Quad dinner
line on an election night. “What they (the
campaigners) did. Hallock said. "was totally
independent of anything I said and I had no
knowledge of what went on until well attet' it
happened." He declined to comment any

Suzy Aulette
"Very easy Imnsitlon "

 

