 

:.t...-._—~7'fw. . .

..

  

 

 

A n»: J’ «than  ..

 
 

4 rm... V .....e_~-...,»..._...

JJI'GJFAI'

 ALBANY ATUDENT PRESS n FRIDA Y,‘ MARCH 23, 1984

Banning ofzpostor" causes candidate to ralso‘sult

«Front Page

position as. elections‘ commissioner.

“Tom spoke to me regarding election
guidelines." said Schneider. “it was his deci-
sion” to disallow the poster. he said.

The controversy over the poster will not
result in McCann being disqualified from the
election. said Busby.

Busby said he informed McCaun that the
poster had been Outlawed dttring a phone
conversation Tuesday night.

' McCann said that Busby had decided to
ban the poster “in a meeting on March 19.
He met with Jeff and some other people"
and then made his decision. according to Me-
Cann. who was not asked to attend tltc
meeting.

“1 was not immediately informed by the
commission of their decision." said MeCann.

“i called him (Busby) about some election
l'lyers on March 20," said McCann. Busby
informed him of the decision on the posters
then. said MeCann.

Busby said he spoke to Schneider on
March 20. “as soon as I found out about the
poster." He maintained that he spoke to Me-
Cann “soon” after he spoke to Schneider on
March 20. '

Schneider said he was not sttre if he spoke
with Bushy on Monday or Tuesday. ‘

Busby said that "someone from another
presidential campaign” had informed him
about the poster. '

Schaffer said that Patty Salkin‘. who is a
judge on the Supreme Court, had “been in
the (SA) Contact Ofﬁce dropping something
off” and had seen the poster. "She pointed it
out to me." he explained.

Saikin said McCann showed her the poster
when she “ran into ltim sometime last week"
near the Contact Office.

“1 approached someone else" witlt the in-
formation. said Salkitt. She declined to give
the person's name, but said that the person
possibiy.“had an interest" in Schaffcr's cam-
palgn. '

Schat’t‘er stressed that she is not a member
of Schal‘t'er's campaign staff. and that she
brought the poster to the attention of others
because she is a "concerned student."

"I discussed it (the poster) with 'a few peo-
ple helping me." including his campaign
manager Dave Light. said Schaffer. He add-
ed that he was “upset” that the poster por-
trayed him as a “bad guy."

Light explained that he. Schaffcr, and

Planned Parenthood vlslts rlso

<7

tial records for'each patient at its Lark Street
location. and they're brought to campus each
Monday and Thursday. Klepper said that a
student having a question during the week
could call downtown for an answer. because
the “charts are all together" there.

A feeling of goodwill is apparent among
those using the service. One young woman
summed up the feelings of many of those
leaving the clinic. “Yes, i'm pleased. it‘s very
convenient for people living on campus."
She added that slte had visited Planned
Parenthood before she came to campus. and
had been satisfied by their services then.

Valerie Fahey of Middle Earth is also
pleased. She said that Middle Earth “feels
comfortable with Planned Parenthood"
because they "attempt to make the service
easy" for students.

She said that Middle Earth counselors
often refer "Hotlinc" callers to Planned
Parenthood if the callers fear they‘re preg-
nant or ltavc other sexual concerns or ques-
tions that Planned Parenthood is able to
answer.

Pulley. who worked for i’lunncd Paten-
thood for nine years. said that student feed-

back about the clinic and Planned Paren-
thood services has been positive.

SUNYA Nurse Audrey Thompson said
that Planned Parenthood does not use
University supplies or personnel for their
clinics. “They use our building." said
Thompson. who added that it's “for the con-
venience of the students. so they don't have
to go downtown."

chpper said that the Lark Street office has
a library for general information and
research. and a staff educator available for
dorm and guest programs on campus.

Although well received on campus. Plann—
ed Parenthood did not fare well in the
Albany cotnntttnity wltcn it was organized by
it people 50 years ago as the “Albany Birth
(‘ontrol Committee.“ During the l930s and
1940s it encountered resistance. until, irt
1947. it become at Planned Parenthood af-
i‘ilitttc. The primary opposition during these
early years came from the Catholic Bishop
and Catholic Churches in tltc area.

The Itttc 1950s. the 1960s, and the l970s
witnessed it growing sexual awareness iii the
nation. and, according to chppcr. Planned
Parenthood gathered both friends and
enemies by the millions. '

Russian finds similarities

<7
“U...U...U...Unsatisfttctory...ln Russian.
no use a lot of commas. not like in English.“
(111 the bittc blanket on icklisov‘s bed lay it
copy of The New York Times. “i thought \\t:
would see ntorc stories about Russia.“ he
said. “The Times scents to be critical about
Russia and didn‘t seem to describe its cultural
side." he added. ‘ He told of a weekly in
Russia called U.S. and Canada. which
describes happenings in those two countries.
“We have movies front here and France.“
in the Soviet Union. he said. Dustin Hoff-
ntan. Feklisov noted. is popular in Russia for
his roles in Tootsie and Kramer vs. Kramer.
The rock group AC/DC. and Nina Hagen. a
well-known German singer. have received a
lot of attention in the Soviet Union. as well.
he said.

As in the United States. he said. “We have
detective stories on T.V.. westerns with
cowboys and lndians...but no commercials."
As he held an imaginary cup of coffee to his
puckered lips and said. "i like itl...l like it!.
it was obvious that he had watched at least
one American commercial.

He went on to draw more parallels. and
differences. between the Soviet and
American cultures.

School is mandatory front the ages of 7 to
17. except in the eighth grade. when some go
to technical college. which is “vocational
training school for skilled workers." he said.

The eight-hOur work day with an hour for
lttneh is the norm in the Soviet Union. as in
the United States. he said. There are many
women in the work force. For many women
it is “difﬁcult” to survive without the
"worker's collective." When a woman has a

child. he \tlltl. sllc is gitcn (I year and at half
off “lill pay and then her pretiotts employer
“cannot refuse ltcr“ itt l'tuutc employment.

Many nontcn httvc prestigious jobs. There
are many wotncn physicians. he said. noting
that his motitcr works for the Ministry of
Textile Federation. She has been all engineer
in lc\lilc work previously. His father is a
mechanical engineer.

Housing oflctt presents a problctn. as it
does in tile United States. yet the way it is
dealt with is quite different. he said. Feklisov
held an imaginary book in his hands as he
described the housing situation in the Soviet
Union. There is a "big book“ with the names
of each family and where they live. he said.
When a couple gets married. he explained.
their name is entered in the book and they
tnust wait for an available apartment. The
couple usually lich in the home of their
parents while they wait. Feklisov said the
“meter” or site of the apartment is based on
the number of people in the family.

On political issues. Feklisov said that “he
does not want to offend; we are guests here."
QlICSlions nosed on political issues by
reporters have. he said. made him feel push-
ed into a corner.

He was willing to answer a few political
questions. He said it is because of “strategic
interests" that the Soviet government will not
let certain people leave the country. adding
that 1.000 people were recently allowed to
leave the Soviet Union.

On tltc issue of nuclear war and world
peace. Feklisov said. "Nuclear war would be
a catastrophe...wc must work that this does
not happen." He added that “it is good we
have cxcltangc programs like this between
Russian and American students." [ l

.discusscd the issue. and he had then ap-

 

fonner SA Media Director Libby Post had

pronched Busby with it.

. Light said he called the poster to Busby’s
attention because of its “slanderous connota-
tion." .

 

 

 

“Dave Light contacted Tom (Busby)" and

 

said that he and Schaffer were “concerned
with the poster." according to Schaffer.
Schaffer said he later reversed his opinion
on allowing the poster. “Although I don’t
agree." he said. “i shouldn‘t dictate the cam-
paigning (policies) in the race. 1 don't wartt to
get into the question of freedom of speech.“

gMcCttnn spoke to Perrin over the phone on
Tuesday to “find out how" to file a petition
with the Supreme Court, said Perrin.

Perrin said that he had not seen the poster
in question and had not spoken to Busby
since the suit was filled on Wednesday.

\ 1,
Citizens! Tell the ASI’ about any news story
tips you may have. Call 457-3322 with the In-

“ to.

 

 

 

 

 

EULA.
SEEKS WOMEN'S SOCCER

TEAMS AND/OR INDIVIDUALS
FOR INTRAMURAI. PLAY.

it w i t t ‘k a
For more information, call Peg, 457-8043
or come to our weekly meetings

Monday nights, 7:30, CC 371
SA Funded

 

 

 

 

Submit the best design
for
Celebration ’84 t-shirts
and win three free shirts!
-Submit entrees to the Pep Band
mailbox in the SA Ofﬁce,
Deadline : April 13
For infonnation call 457-8943

 

 

 

W
School of Library and Information Science

Draper Hall 113, 135 Western Avenue,

Saturday, March 31, 1984
1:00 — 3:00p.m.

 

EVERYONE WELCOME

 

 

 

 

RSVP l455-6288

 

 

a

 

 

 

FRIDAY. MARCH23, m4 :1 ALBANY sruoa'Nzﬁta‘ss, ‘ '

 

r,

 

ROTARY CLUB '
CAREER DAY

The Rotary Club has offered to sponsor the Fourth Annual Albany
Rotary Club Career Day to be held on Thursday. April 12. 1984. This
event Is a unique and worthwhile opportunity for wNYA students to
participate in a half-day on-the-lob experlence. Forty members of the
Albany Rotary Club have agreed to donate one morning. April 12th. to
the career exploratlon of selected Albany students. This halt-day career
event will take students off the campus. and into the community where
they will spend the morning observing. interviewing and interacting with
a local professional. I

A wide range of occupations will be represented including:

1. Adverllslng 6. Education

2 Banking 7. insurance

3 Business 8. Law

4. Communications 9. Soctatsemice
5 Dentistry

After a busy morning of experimental learning, students will be treated
to lunch at the Albany iltruway'House courtesy of the Albany Rotarlans.
Keynote Speaker- Thomas C. Anderson. Director of ﬁscal and Ad—
ministrative Services for the School of Business will talk about "Creating
Success Experiences In Your Career."

The Center for Undergraduate Education (CUE) is eo-sponsoring this
event with the Albany Rotary Club and will be coordinating the selection
of students. Students interested in participating in the Career Day may
pick up information and an application at CUE. llll lt out. and return it to
CUE no later than March 28th. On March 29th. a total of seventy-five
students will be selected by a random drawing within each designated
area of Interest. For um cannot NANCY M. W0-
GJIE 013% 57-1.

DATES TO REMEMBER:

March 28 - Application Deadline
. March 29 < Drawing

April 12 - Career Day

Forums ANNUAL ' D

 

.J

 

L

t
g

GRAFFI T

t'kti‘tb'l‘tﬂ'tmm

This WE‘EkENd " '
AT. . .

 

and

 

 

nAmERS‘

OF THE

LOSTARK

T

.4:

 

 

 

 

 

******‘UAS Will  Selling escort

 

 

I'KOSHER PASSOVERTICKET—Sl

 

On Sale MOnday April, 2nd through

also tickets on Sale on Dutch Quad Kosher Line

Thursday April, 5th
1 1:00am. - 1:30 pm. Only

Campus center Lobby

.moooooooooo

Wednesday April 4th and Thursday April 5th
4:00-6:00 pm. only

 

 

 

