 

 ‘?‘$’:'n~.»r ,. .

 A Lyn ivy ‘srt/oatvr ‘Pkcss ‘ TUESDA v. FEBRUA R v ll. I984

: leaders joining forces to
protect Reagan financial aid cuts

(SASU)
organizing against cuts in student financial
aid in President Reagan‘s proposed federal
budget. The budget. student leaders say. National Direct Student loans (NDSL
would mean drastic cuts lit the tttunbcr of would be cttt front nearly Still million tlti

providing funds to ntatclt state allocations

financial aid awards and clitnittation of key _ycar to S4 tttilllon. NDSI. would become a
“revolving fund" from wlticlt loans would be

programs for tttinorities and needy students.
According to tile Unitetl States Student made availableas otlter loans were paid back

Association (USSA). a $316 tttillion cut in The program was budgeted at 5.100 tttilliott it

need-based financial aid ' programs would I980.

eliminate about 797,000 awards to graduates

and undergraduates. An increase in tlte max-

imum. Pell Grant award from SL900 t0 and underprivelcdgcd students. would be en

$3.000 would.‘ tltey say. result in 300.000 in half to $82 million. TRIO currently aitis
‘ ‘tewer’ awards. since 'no new funds are $00,000 students througlt five programs. in-
eluding Talent Search and Educational 0p-
wottld be
‘ eliminated. attd the Upward Ilound and
grant. wltich ts really a ‘no-ltelp‘ program." Special Services programs. which would be

budgeted. - ‘
“ A .t .- portunity Centers. which
Tins is part oi, Reagan's ‘s'clt‘-ltelp' pro-

- stated Scott ‘Wexler. USSA \‘icc president. cttt 40 percent.
“These cttts are going to ltttrt tltose who need

help themost — the working-class 'and current funding levels." he noted. “these
untierprtvtlcdged attending public ttnivcr- progratns serve lcss tltan to percent of the
.' ' II a I .

stttes. eltglble educationally and cconomtcally

The “self-help" proposal ttteans rcstruc- disadvantaged students."
tttrlng federal aid programs so students tntist
pay 40 percent of the totatcost of attending
college through loans. work and College dent and a USSA tlirector. said botlt
Work Study. or pay $500. whichever is organizahons are platttting to prevent the aid
greater. helorc being considered for a grant. cttts. Efforts. he said. include a lobby con-

Jtm. Tterney. presitlent ot‘ the Student ferenee in Washington D.C. Marclt 23-25
Assoctatton of tlte State Unitct'sity of New followed by National Student Action Day
York. SASU. poled that these cuts would March 26. Action Day will inclttde lobbying
have‘ a great Impact on State University congrcss‘by several tltottsantl stttdents. In ad-
students. ‘ dition. lsaacson noted. SASU and other state
student associations are cncottragittg letters
to congressional representatives and voter
registration drives.

"We just cattte from the first National
Conference on Student Voter Registration
this weekend." lsaacson said. “Registering
the student vote is a SASU priority and a na-
ttonal priority. it looks like we'll ltave to go
to.our friends in Congrss again this year." lte
‘ satd. “and hopefully with more votes we'll
Educational Opportunity have more friends." ‘

J. l .

'i
l l h',‘

I‘The cttts proposed in this budget are in
addition to the 23 pcreettt cut itt student aid
over the last three years.“ Tierney etttpltasiz- '
ed. "If Governor Cuomo‘s proposed state
budget is enacted. tuitiott will rise 47 percent
in two years while dormitory rent jumps S750
tn ﬁve years. Too many chi/ens are priced
out of an education already."

Reagan is again seeking clltnination of
Sn lemental

   

 

“Too many citizens
I are priced out of an
education already. ”

—./im Tierney

 

 

 

 

 

l

(‘OllettuandUtliversitystttdentsare Grants (SE00) antl State Student incentive

Grants (SSIG). hotlt need-based programs 0  l  I
)
h l

The TRIO program. which aitls minority

Wexler critici/cd the TRIO cuts. “At the

Lars lsaacson. SASU executive vice presi-

 

  
  
   

thnino 8p-

. amt; TRAINING SCHOOL-
‘ ~(1tlt1PtETE UNE 0F. has
I , surpass .

are" PIlItTEIN nae root) 1
AT THE BEST rncts IN mutt

mount 3: ALBANY 43-1615

 

 

 

 
 
  

$1” I'll-.0:

Frl.,Feb. 24
8 P.M.- Prbctor'o
$10 and $12 SCHENECTADY
Tickets available at Proctor-'3 BoxOfilce.Communﬂy Box Ofﬁces.

Belvedere ’l’raueHJohnstown and Canajoharle).Carl Co.
(All branches).

     
    
  
   

Guest hosts:
PYX-I 06 Cliff Nash and Bob Mason.
All proceed. to ban-ﬁt tho I’ll-II Now York Chant-r for leukemia.
Presented by Vic Spool-Io Emanuel-e- Agoncy

‘m Debby Soho-ﬂu

__ v _. SOUND PRODUCTIONS i

“

Huge selection of food
including:
dried fruit mixes

carob and yogurt mixes
cheeses

& other all natural foods

GONE II All. EA'I'

 

 

 

 

9
142 state 8t., Albany. NY. 12207 0 (518)463-6691 0 Free Parking

 

.370"! O our:

 

 

 

  

 

 

TUESDA Y, FEBRUAR Y I4. I984 n ALBANY STUDENT mass  A

Albanybar owners outlino‘ways to avaid brawls.

An Albany bar room

Anyone creating (III aggressive .rilnalitm should not be allowed back.

Speaker discusses human aspects of Israel

By Michelle Speckhardt

Israelis “not going to stick its neck out for
Lebanon any longer." and is instead becom-
ing ntorc concerned with its own security, ac-
cording to Kenneth Bob. Director of the Kib-
butz Aliyah Desk. an Atttcrican represen-
tative of Kibbutz movements of Israel.

‘ Bob spoke Thursday night on “Israel as a
society or a press projected series of issues."

“It has bceotnc unclear what Israel even
wants any longer," Bob asserted. “They
went into Lebanon for peace for Galilee and
came out in a war with Lebanon." he said.
"Should Israel be involved in a war for a new
order in Lebanon?." Bob questioned. saying
that many Israelis are currently asking
themselves that question too.

A study done by a Jerusalem newspaper
revealed that close to 40 percent of Israelis
are itt favor of an unconditional withdrawal
from Lebanon. according to Bob. The public
opinion is cltattging in Israel and that will
hate some effect on the government, lte
maintained.

Bob first addressed tlte state of tltc

News Updates

‘Fight the hike’ rally

A decision will be tnadc by Wednesday
as to where the February 27 “fight the
hike" rally will be held. said Central
Council's Student Action Committee
chair Steve Gawlcy.

Possible locations include: the Capitol.
the Legislature and the SUNYA campus.
he said. Gawley said that he is favoring
the Capitol because he is receiving a
“favorable response" from legislators.
and does not want to “insult” them.

According to Gawley. this year's
demonstrations will be different from last
year’s in that other SUNY schools will not
be participating in the rally with SUNYA.
They will lobby on other days, he said.

The committee is asking teachers to
allow them to speak against the tuition in-
creases in front of classes held in the lee-
ture centers. said Gawley.

Members of the committee have been
lobbying legislators each week. he said.
“They're well dressed and know the facts
Gawley added.

Directories are out

After a number of "unplanned. unfor-
tunate" occurcttces. the student direc-
tories have finally arrivetl. said Vicc Presi-
dent for University Affairs. Sorrell
Chcsin.

The firm which published the direc-
lorics. Clark and Moore, will not print
thetn next year. because they ltave
disbanded. said Chesin.

n

 

economy of Israel. which is a major issue to
Israelis. The nation must deal with triple digit
inflation and a restless labor force. he said.
Strikes attd sanctions slow the prothtctivity
of the country. said Bob. Now the people of
Israel must “collectively tiglttcn their belts"
to deal with these problems. he asserted.
This idea. in itself. causes conflict over
who should ntake a greater sacrifice, the
laborers of the rich elite. said Bob.
Demonstrations by the poorer sect show their
unwillingness to suffer, but. ultitnately. it is
the legislation that will decide who will bear

the greater burden, he explained. "There's a -

certain amount of coalescing around the
Finance Minister. however. and that is en-
couraging." Bob added.

Aside from discussing all the widely
reported issues and conflicts. Bob revealed a
ltuntan side of living itt Israel. “Israel is a
society wltcrc real. live people live,“ stressed
Bob.

About six years ago. a small. two teatn
softball league was started with the American
Embassy. and ttow it has grown to be an ac-

 

 

 

Sorrell Chosin

He said he has not decided who will
handle the directories next year. but that
he will consult with the University
publications director, Student Association
President Rich Schaffer and a represen-
tative of the ASP. before selecting a
publisher.

'Looking on the bright side. Chcsin said.
“it's fortunate that this is the first time
they've been delayed."

Indian to speak
Mark Banks. an American Indian. will

speak at Worldweek on February 28. He
will lecture on the plight of his brother

By Doug Weiss

The age of those involved in bar room
brawling is a factor in predicting future ag-
gression. according to a recent sociological
study by Richard B. Felson and William Bac-
eaglini of SUNYA and George Smelch of
Union College. In ‘the study they say that the
age of those involved in ﬁghts is useful when
predicting later violence. ,

Lamp Post owner Anthony Sabatino con-
tended that age really has nothing to do with
aggression. “If people can get away with
something. they will." saidSabatino.

Sabatino asserted that any bar that is “run
loosely" and "let's anyone in" is going to
have a problem with brawling. To avoid con-
flict. bars must “monitor any situation" that
may arise, he added.

Lottg Branch owner Bob Boor said that,
“younger people by nature get into more
fights.“ Raising the drinking age'might lower
incidents of fighting lit a bar. he added.

lioor asserted that people involved in bar
rootn brawls are "aggressive by nature."
Although alcohol may lower inhibitions. he
said ltc feels alcohol is not the triggering
mechanism of aggressive behavior.

Brian .icl'fcrs of O'Heaney‘s Pub stressed

tive Israeli softball league consisting of twen-
ty two teams. said Bob. The league has
become a get together for American im-
tnigrants and ltas served to bring togctlter
citizens from all walks of life and all difercnt
political views with the single cotnmon
denominator of the sport. he explained.

Tltere is, within Israel. the Jewish Olym-
pics. held every fcw years. that gathers tcatns
together from many different countries.
“Tltcrc are things going on in Israel that are
ttot politics proper.“ stressed Bob.

.

Besides recreational activities. Bob pointed
ottt anotltcr accomplishment Israel has made.
“Everyone itt Israel is guaranteed national
health service in one way or another." Bob
said. This shows that Israel cares for its peo-
ple attd has prepared for its citizens ltealth
needs, lte explained.

A tnajor part of sotttc Israeli’s lives is living
on a kibhttll, said Bob. I-Ic contended that
life on a kibbutr catt be long hours and hard
work. but also very fulfilling and intellectual-
ly rewartling.

15 >

Dcnttis Banks. who is a leader of the .

American Indian Movement (AIM) who is
currently "seeking sanctuary from en-
tradiction to South Dakota", according
to Sara Ciborski. moderator for SUNY
Rights for 'Amcrican Indians Now
(RAIN).

Dennis Banks was originally convicted
on riot charges in I975 in South Dakota.
said Ciborski. This conviction stemmed
from “racism. the personal animosity of
the prosecutor. and hostility towards
AIM. " she continued.

The lecture is sponsored by the An-
thropology club and by SUNY RAIN.

Mohawk Campus

University Auxilliary Services (UAS)
Board of Directors has not yet decided
whether or not to sell Mohawk Campus.
according UAS General Manager E.
Norbert Zaltm.

The issue ltas been debated “for the last
three or four years ". said Zaltm. and no

conclusion has been reached. He explain-
ed that once the property is sold. “there's
no going back-UAS couldn’t own proper-
ty in that part of Saratoga County again.

The Board of Directors should make a
decision on Mohawk Campus “before
May." maintained Zahtn. He refused to
speculate on what UAS would decide to
do. and he added that the Board had ttot
“had the discussion necessary to debate
the issue attd decide. "

that males over 2| often try to impress
younger women. and this leads to problems.

Jeffers also maintained that hockey games
are not shown In O’Heaney's because
patrons are prone to becoming more ag-

' grcsive after watching this. sport.

Bar owners‘had different suggestions as to
how to avoid bar room violence and brawl-
tag.

The clientele must be made to follow the
rules of the bar. lSabatino emphasized. and
anyone creating an aggressive situation more
than once should not be allowed back. he ad-
dcd.

Sabatino maintained that with proper com
trol over a bar. there should be no ﬁghts.

Boor's ideas on avoiding aggressive
beltavior are generally similar to those of
Sabatini. Door places emphasis on “very ag-
gressive screening" at the door.- he said.

The Long Branch will question anyone
perceived as an aggressive type at the door of
the bar. said floor. The staff can “tell a lot
front a person's eyes" as to whether they will
be potential figltters. he said.

After a patron ltas entered the bar. Boor
maintained that monitering the situation is
again vital to successful avoidance of ag-
gressive behavior. Any "loud. abusive, or an-
noyittg behavior" may result in a patron be-
ing asked to leave the Long Branch.

Boor said he feels the majority of people
are reasonable. and will listen to a staff
member of his bar. There are a certain
percentage of people who will not, and he
said he feels that these people are balking at
authority. and authority is the main issue.

Boor said that _many of the patrons who
argue with him will then leave and argue.
sometimes violently, with the police.

Staff members in O‘Heaney’s are alerted
to the presence of “trouble makers." said
.lcl‘fers. and anyone creating a problem is
escorted out of the bar before the situation
worsens. he explained.

A bartender at State Street Pub contended
that there were no specific ages at which fre-
quency of ﬁgltts increased.

In response to a request to leave the bar. or
a refusal to be served any more alcohol. most
patrons of the State Street Pub leave without
pursuing the tnatter fttrtlter.

Tltc researchers claitn that the tcfusal to
serve people without proper identiﬁcation or
overly intoxicated persons is the major factor
in verbal and physical aggression. The at-
tctttpt to curtail the behavior of a patron is
what "elicits an aggressive reaction" to a
perceived threat. researchers said. [3

Alcohol policy review

Vice President for Student Affairs

Frank Poguc said that lie hopes an alcohol
policy will be implemented by March 1.
_ “I'm still in the process ofgctting feed-
back.” he said. Three groups will be con-
sulted: the Residential Life staff. other
vice presidents and tltc Executive Com-
mittee of Student Affairs. said Pogue. “I
would also like some faculty input." he
added.

After receiving opinions from the
groups. he will present his findings to the
Student Affairs Council. he said. The
University Council and President Vincent
O'Leary will make the ﬁnal decision, he
said.

The Alcohol Policy Review Committee
made its ﬁnal reccontendations to Pogue
at the end of last semester.

SA booking flights

Student Association is booking flights
to Florida at a 20 percent discount for
students. according to SA Controller
Adam Barsky.

According to Bursky.thc arrangement
was made with Hart Trading Company to
offer the ﬂights at a discount in exchange
for the student‘s business. “They‘re book-
ing the ﬂights for us." he explained.

The discount will cut about $40 off of
the usual fares to Florida said Barsky.
“We feel it's a good deal." he added.

   

 

 

 

 

l

M W»‘

»' a"...

 

