 

. “WM-a4; - .

   
  

 

     

 gm .. .....\..,  ., . . .. . u
C ’est Moi '
and put myself to bed. .l'm sitting in front of a computer screen star-
ing blankly into it,and every few minutes, I tend to fugue out and
come back to my senses five minutes later thinking Test! Test! Test
at one o’clock! .

Test. Only the second test this semester. This, on the other
hand, is my ninth issue of Aspects.

As i sit here in a stupor, l’m feeling a little proud of myself
(What. John Keenan proud? Can’t bet), but there it is, because in
spite of the numerous foul-ups which seem to becoming my
trademark, and despite the fact that l have to- make a long apology
to a professor a mere three hours from now, and explain why I’m

~ so far behind in his course. I’ve put together what right now seems
to me to be the best issue I’ve done while We been editor.

l’m doing good. dammit.

My parents will be getting this paper in the mail. They'll read that
I'm behind in my classes and call my suite to tell me to get my ass in
gear.

l’m getting it there.

That’s the lure of this paper, though; it makes it so easy to ra-
tionalize not keeping up in your classes. it makes it almost okay to
not keep up in your classes. because after all, if i want to be a jour-
nalist. this is giving me just as much experience as any class would.
h But - when all’s said and done - it’s not the reason I’m in school

ere.
Every so often l remind myself of that.

 

Quote of the Week: /

“We're dropping your byline, because there’s no excuse. for your
story coming in this late. Anyway, how are you?"
News Editor Heidi Jo Gralla demonstrating

the quick diplomatic tactics that got her where
she is today.

IntrospeCt

Okay. okay, let’s put this thing to bed and then get out of here

    

V  " Inside. ‘7. .
Frogs," ‘Murder, 7 Russians,

‘ .cuterfold:

 

Campaign '84: University Photo Service photographer Ed
Marussich relates his experiences covering the Democratic
primaries in New Hampshire.

 

RCH 2. i984 . . .
\ MARCH. 2'. ma,

 

Woody-Allen, and Democrats

 

 

I

 

VII

Two Irish Guys Sitting Around Writing: Gentleman Jim O’Sullivan
takes in guitarist Ruth Pelham’s concert‘at the bloomin‘ Chapel
House Wednesday night. and Shanty Jim Lally tells us of the
murderin’ madness of Jackie-boy Brown, a writer who’s a wee bit
touched i’th’ ’ead.

 

 

7..

Perspectives: James Sale has an intriguing encounter with a Rus.
sian exchange student, which stirs up images and visions of his
own' ancestry. lan Spelling enjoys Woody Allen’s latest comedy.
Broadway Danny Rose, starring Woody, Mia Farrow. and Nick
Apollo Forte. Also an Aspects original — a new recipe! Ribbit!

 

 

 

U“
Retrospect: Look ahead to stimulating and exciting cultural,
musical, and cinema events at SUNYA and around town with
Spectrum’s calendar of future happenings. The Freshman
recognizes where real popular control lies in America. and Campus
Views questions whether the grading practices of some SUNY pro-
fessors are as fair as they should be.

 

 

, _-..u......u.....\__ .. . .

 

 

'~r_~-. .... ..

.~.:.

l
t
l
l
t
l

a M.-.

 

I This Is Your

Last Chance!

Aspects Writing Contest

Fiction

 

March 0.

sidered.

 

Rules:

1. Rule one has been revised: we are
now accepting submissions from reptiles.
We also welcome the works of amphi-
bians, insects. mollusks. and any other @ '
squirming organism.

2. The deadline for contest sub t~
stons is March 9th. The winners ofntlhse
contestswill be published in Aspects on

3. Contestants
students at SUNY at Albany.

4. All submissions must be t ed a d
double-spaced. or they will not/[be corh~

5. All contestants ma sub
mi
entries as they like. y t as many

6. Contestants must
provide that
names. addresses. and phone numbers]:
winners will be notified prior to publica:
tion of their work.

Personal Essays

Humor

must be registered

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

woman i met at a primary eve rally for Gary Hart in New
A Hampshire told me that at a local luncheonette where she

lives, the owner conducted a poll by having his customers
write on a matchbook cover the candidate for which they would
vote on primary day. According to the poll. she said. Gary Hart
would be the winner of Tuesday's Democratic primary.

This poll must have been more accurate than the official polls
that showed. until just two days before the primary. that Walter
Mondale would come out ahead. In fact. until just a few days ago,
everyone thought that this would be a one man race.

However. Colorado Senator Gary Hart's unexpected victory
over former Vice President Walter Mondale in the Democratic
Presidential primary on February 28th changed all that. And.
though the victory was unexpected. political analysts have been
telling us for quite some time now that the unexpected is what we
should expect from voters within the small. conservative state.
New Hampshire has a political history of reversing the trends by
supporting underdogs instead of frontrunners. Also important is
the fact that since 1952. no one has ever won the presidential elec-
tion without first winning his party's primary in New Hampshire.

What was even more unexpected was the overwhelming margin
by which Hart won the race. He carried more than 75 cities and
towns. picking up over 11.000 (or 13 percent) more votes than
Mondale. Hart led with a total of 41 percent of the vote. Mondale
finished second with 28 percent. and Ohio Senator John Glenn
trailed with a disappointing 12 percent.

None of the other five cadidates received more than six percent
of the vote. President Reagan won more than that six percent just
in write-ins on the Democratic ballot. Virtually unopposed in his
own party’s primary. Reagan took 97 percent of the vote.

Portraying himself as the candidate of the "new generation"oi

leaders. Hart took about half the vote of the youngest age group,
those under thirty years of age.
‘ But it was the political independants. making up more than a
third of the voters Tuesday, that really determined the winner. A
New‘York Times-CBS News poll showed that although Hart and
Mondale recieved the same number of votes'among Democrats,
the Colorado senator recieved twice as many votes fromindeperr
dants as Mondale did.

 

 

 

 

 

 

r’

Hart Wlns New Hampshlre

g

Mondale also apparently lost votes due to his close t. .ks to
organized labor. About half the Democratic voters polled Tuesday
criticized Mondale on that issue.

For some of the other candidates. the results on primary day

presented a question of whether or not their first primary would be
their last. Both California Senator Alan Cranston and South
Carolina Senator Earnest Hollings dropped out of the race
Wednesday. after receiving two and four percent of the vote.
respectively. Reuben Askew trailed the other seven candidates
with just one percent of the vote. and said that he would declare
next week whether or not he would continue his campaign.
Both the Reverend Jesse Jackson and former Senator George
McGovern received six percent of the vote. and McGovern said
that the results of the Massachusetts primary on March 13th will
determine whether or not he will continue his campaign.
MassachLISetts voters strongly supported McGovern in the 1972
presidential election against Richard Nixon.

Ohio Senator John Glenn conceded disappointment. receiving
twelve percent of the vote in New Hampshire after trailing in fifth
place in the Iowa caucuses just eight days earlier. Glenn indicated,
though, that Hart would not do as well in the South. where several
primaries are scheduled March 13th.

Although Hart poured almost all of his money and organiza-
tional resources into New Hampshire. he is confident that his cam-
paign will now gain money. workers. and delegate candidates as
the field of presidential candidates narrows. Hart is hoping for a
strong showing in caucuses in Maine and in Wyoming on March
next week.

The next set of primaries will be held March 13th. “Super Tues-
day,"when 11 caucuses and primaries across the country take
place.

Though leading in the competition for delegates. Mondale's
strategy to lock up the nomination by mid-March is all but shat—
tered. Much will depend upon whether Gary Hart's surge of
popularity gains momentum. or fizzles out. ~ . _ r 

. Lisa Rerlmqnéi' 

Phqiq Credit. .Bob Lmkay..ues . 

 

 

 

 

 

