  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

_.... 4"»: r, .u

o v -.s 'ul

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

i
t
l.

 

ti ‘3

Mar.22-24
8200 RM.

Laboratory Theatre
Performing Arts Center

 

 

March l9-23

additional hours:

‘ March 2 I 7pm-9pm

3rd floor ticket window
One week only.

NO EXCEPTIONS.

 

In order to purchase Senior Week tickets

you must have a Senior card

with a pre-assigned number.

You must pay all past dues-
CASII ON LY.

State Universny Theatre

€HO€§TRIHG PRODUCTIONS

presents

SITTING
AROUND
-- I TALKING

by John Ford Noonan

. directed by J. Hanley

 

Senior cards wlll be distributed
I 0am44pm

 

 

  

 

HOFSTRA
LAW SCHOOL

 

 

SUMMER SESSIONS 1984

 

SUMMER SESSION 1 ‘0 SUMMER SESSION 2

May 21 to July 2 July 3 to August 10
menses cnsoirs COURSES :=5' 2
Child. Family & State 3 Commercral Transactions
CommerCiaI Paper 3 Survey
Conllict oi Laws ' 3 Federal Courts
Criminat Procedure 4 Federal Estate and GM: Ta-
Debtor-Creditor 3 Labor Law
Evtdence 4 Law and Public Educa: or
Family Law 3 Real Estate Transactro"s
Lav.- and Medicme 3 Wilts. Trusts and Estates
Remedies 3
Secured TransactiOns 3
Unfair Trade Practices BJ

I

 

For Further information Write or Call:
(516) 560-5916

HOFSTRA
[Mi-ERSITY

SCHOOL'OF LAW Hempstead. Long |5tand, New York i1550

st'szra t.’ .e'srty s a“ easy 932C150?! :ccct‘mty «3.1.104

 

 
  
 
 

 

 

  
   

Admission

$1.00

at door
to all

  

FOURTH ANNUAL
ROTARY CLUB
CAREER DAY

The Rotary Club has offered to sponsor the Fourth Annual Aibam
Rotary Club Career Day to be held on Thursday. April 12, 19% THE‘
event-is a unique and wonhwhile opportunity for SJNYA students I‘
participate in a haliday on-the-Job experience. Forty members oi the
Albany Rotary Club have agreed to donate one morning. April 12th "7
the career exploration of selected Albany students. This halldav career
eg'ent wlill take students off the campus. and into the community where
; foistlprso’pfzns’dothsmoming observing. interviewing and interacting with

      

A wide range of occupations will be represented including:

1 Advertising
. 6. Educati
2 Bankn °"
3. Busin'esgs  Tasman”
4. Commun' t' ' w
5. Dermstry’calonS 9. Social Service

mﬁtghazulzy rigging of experimental learning. students will be treated

Kayne” spejk at}: Thruway House Courtesy of the Albany Rotarians

ministrame SE e‘r- omas C. Anderson. Director of Fiscal and Ad~

a. 'I’VICES for the School of Business will talk about "Creatth
ccess Erpenences In Your Career."

The Center for Undergraduate Ed

event with the Albany Rotary Club a ucanon (CUB is CO-sponsonng this

_ nd will be coordinatin the sele ‘liOii
:gciiiegariugems 'me’eswd in PaniCipating in the Cageer DayLmak‘
CUE n .l I gang“ an application at CUE till it out. and return it to
nude—(LLMS Wm beg I arc 28th. On March 29th. a total oi seventy-due

se ected by a random drawing within each designated

area of interest. R. m
we on m m NANCY N. MAHO-

DATES TO REMEMBER:
March 28 - Application Deadline
March 29 - Drawing

April 12 — Career Day

1

,.
t'
t

 

 

 

 

7“”??33- T=s7ﬂt 

Callahan joins Chapel House staff .
as SUNYA’s first black clergyman

By Eileen Keefe

SUNYA's Chapcl House has gotten its
ﬁrst black minister. and according to the
Reverend William V. Callahan. "I'll do
anything to help anyone."

Callahan has hccn appointed. on it part-
Iimc basis. as a minister to Chapel House,
where he will serve its it liaison bctwccn the
community and the campus. At ti wclcoinc
reception. Callahan stated that he has trinity
goals he would like to attain illid that he will
try to be as accessible as possible to the
university community.

“I’m hch to help people with similar
ctltnic littckgrotiiids as myself. Anyone
liuiinin i would he glad to spctik to, those
who (“‘0 not I will llil\’L‘ some trouble with,“
siiid Ciillttluin. Hc tiddcd thtu hc would like
to start it Clitipcl I'lousc chctot'y [)i’ugritm
Ihrii would pci'foriti Cliristiriri pltiys.
(‘ttlltilutn tiotcd tlitit lic secs this ii\ it spi-
inghuttrd for conitnnnictitioii utid its at niiil'y—
ing fot’cc lictwccn ilic ctlliiiltttiill) :iiid lllt.‘
cttinpus.

According to thc DlIL'L‘ltil of Al'l'iiiiitttiic
Action. Dr. Gloritt l)cSo|c. (‘tilltiluni litis lirid
chL'lIHlYC cxpcricncc iii thc turns of cancer.
pct-mind ttrid friiiiily coiiiisclitig. “l lc is unor—
inousl) coiigcuiiil, pcrsoinihlc illltl :I\'\‘t‘\\ll1lc
to \ltttlL‘lilK," shc inldcd. lJL-Solc iiotcd ihitt

News Updates

 

 

LYNN DRIFUS UPS

Theresa Knorr

Petition drive ends

A pciitiuii drive in support of thc “Don‘t
\\’rilk Alouc" cscol'l scrt'icc hits coilcctctl
incr 1,000 sigiiuiurcs. according to Ncw
York Public lltlL‘l’L‘Sl Rcwtill’c‘ll (iioup
Wotiiciw |s\ticx l’iojcct ('htiii‘ 'l'hci‘csti Kittiil'.

l'hc drirc will cutl ’l‘ucsiltiy ill iiooii so Ilnit
l)tili Aluinni ctiti Dl'csutil llit.‘ pciitiotis to ilic
Women‘s Stitcty 'l‘uxk Forcc, which is con-
xidci'iiig thc “Don‘t \\'ztlk Alone“ Dinpttsill.

,\ltui;iu wits ti tlii'cctui' ol' lust \L'litc\lci'\
pilot ptogtiuii, tilitl one of ilic tttillitiix of the
Hi ptigc ItitiptiNtil hciiig L‘tiihltlcl'ctl its riii
tiltciutttitc to thc cui‘i’ciit L‘NL‘UI'I sci'i‘icc,

New Civic Center plan

I’lrtnx for ti ('ivic (‘critci' in downtown
Alliriiii' \\L'I'U DI’L'SL'Illctl lry ('ttiitidiriti
dciclopcr Nritlniii Smith 'i‘liiii'xdzty in :i
incctiiig of it Civic Center Coriimisdoii. 'l'lic
(‘oiiitnixsion is studying vtirious proposals.
ticcoitliug to am urticlc iii The Twins Union.

'l'ltc ccincr'. which hits not )cl liCL'il
spccil'iczill)‘ tlcsigtictl, would cost $25 million
:ttiil scril H.000 pcoplc. Hints for thc pt'o-
ptwtil will hc \llliiiilllctl within 45 days. Smith
Ntiltl. Ihctc illt.‘ two possililc sights loi tltc
ccutci. hc .itldctl.

ilic plant is utic ol \t.‘\L‘i'ill to he \'l‘ll\lllt‘lL‘tl.
iuchttlitig ouc titlutiiccd lty SIlNYA l’lL’Nl‘
L'lL‘iil \'iucctu (J‘l L'itl)‘ for it cit'ic cciitci to he
l‘illll oii lllll\L'i\ll) ptopci’l)‘ :it |5tillcr Rd, and
\\'zi~|iiugtoti A\ c.

SA hopefuls register

th'll Scluil'l’ci lilitl liill Mc('ti.ttu :iic llIL' on-
l_\ cutididtiics who lirivc qtuilil‘icd to Hill for
Stiidctit .‘\\\ttL'ltilltill I’I'L‘sltlclil iii the liiiuttliiv
lug clcctioiis. itccoiditig to itifoi'iiiritioii
posted in the SA ol'l‘icc.

although Callahan is the first black minister
at Chapel House. he will be available to help
till students.

.Sistcr Danicllc, ot'Chrtpcl House; said that
she was looking forward to working with
Callahan. and was pleased that he was join-
ing the staff of Chapel House. She explained
that Callahan will. “play a role in the inter-
faith programming and support groups, as
well as take part in tlic dziy-to-day running of
Chapel House.“ She rtddcd that he will be
there to counsel students, specifically black
students.

Currently Callahan serves as Pastor of the
Pincvicw Baptist Church tind Associate
Pastor of the Mttccdoniti Baptist Church in
Albany iii addition to his new position at
SUNYA.

Crilluhrin has worked iii \L‘VL‘l'tll ciipticilics
its coiinschii'. SL‘I’Vlllg its ti l'timily rcsour‘cc
Llli‘L‘Cltil', counscliiig families on dil'l'crciil
problems; ht: ttlso lictidcd tip at jilllri‘L‘lCiISL‘
pi'ogrtttu \tltcr'c lic took I'irst—tiinc ol'fcndcrs
into custody turd found Iltctii ctttployiiicnl.
llc haw lIlMi scrtcd its ctnploymcut counselor
iii Ihc Tl'lilll)’ llixllltliiiili. '

One of his niitiii go:th L'tillulttni sticsscd. is
to ritttiiii ii ditiloguc Itciwccii tlic dil't'ciciit
ciliitlcllle on lliL' ctitiipns tiiid ilic \lll'ltillll-
ding CtHiililllllllll)‘. ‘

 

i'lic oiin Clllitlltlillc icgistcrcd for Vicc
President is Sir/y Aulctlri. illitl only oiic' pcr—
sou hits liccu nominated to be it SUNYA
dclcgtitc to Student Asuwlillltill of Strttc
Ulil\L'l\ll_\'. ticcordiug to tlic podcd signs.

()thcr offices to he dccidcd in April tirc illl
(‘criirtil ('oiincil Sctils, Stiidctii chi'cscn-
lilil\'t.‘\ to Ihc Uttivciisly Sctnitc. Clttss Couri-
cils of 1985. 1986. i987 llli(l tlic Off Campus
liotird of Dircctois.

Notiiintnions l‘oi‘ till positions closc Tucs~x

TUESDA Y. MARCH 20, I984 13 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 7

 

Mr.Trondoottor
Io pinned to
announce that

HAIR DESIGNERS
SUNY'Studont Special

  
  

oi.

   

now Trendset-
tor 0400 duo In
into May. Look
for details of

 

1
‘rﬁ

—'—Preclslon Cut and Blow Dry
—Mens 810 Ladies 314

—Body or Curly Perms (includeszPH Shampoo, his baby
shower coming
soontiit!

. precision haircut, blow dry style)
$40 (Long Hair Extra)

—— Sculptured Nails $25 reg.$35
—— Manicure $6

—— Pedicure $15

—-Beard and Mgustache $3

Stuyvesant Plaza Mohawk Mail
438-6668 374-3569
Colonle Center

 

 

 

 

f ACTS WANTED:
Amateur Nite at the RAT

Saturday, March 24th 9:00

call Gary 457-7774

Sue °' 457-5194

for your act by
Thursday, March 22

he will soon be
the father of a ‘

 

 

 

Ali- bands welcome!

 

 

titty ru 5 p.iu. tiiid elections. will he held April
9 and it).

Bus service expands

in oi'dci' to ticcoiiiniodtitc i'idci's to Ihc new
L'rossgtiics Mull. thc (‘ttptitil District Transit
Authority hits strirtcd ti routc thtit criconi-
prisscs Ihc iii‘czt's four major shopping
cuntch Stuyvcsttnt l’ltmi. (‘oionic (.‘ciitcr,
Wcstgtitc Shopping ('cntci‘. illltl ('rossgtttcs
Mull. ‘
Route to. which runs hctw'ccri Suiyvcsaitit
Phi/ti, SUNYA. iiiill (‘olotiic (‘ciitcr will hc
plriccd on it new schcdulc rilxo. according to :t
(‘D'l'A \piiltcspcl'sott. Sitirting March 26 the
toiitc will UDL’i’illC oii Stiliirdriy uti|_\'. hc \illLl.

\\'ti\ltittgltllt .‘\\’CliliL‘ htiscs hru‘c liccti cx-
iciidcd tiN \icll, lIL‘ stud. ('l)'l'A ini'oi‘unitiou
lilii)‘ lic olruiiltctl by culling ~IXZ~XXZ2.

PMA scholarships

to cucoiiirtgc collcgc students iiitcicstcdin
Bustith Adiiiinisttzttioii illitl i‘cltiicd fluids to
corisidci' L‘iII‘L'L'i‘N iii the rtrcri of Purchasing.
ilic l’ui‘ciirtxirig Mriiirigcuicut Association of
I-‘tixtci'u New York will tiw'ru'd two $650.00
scholarships for thc [984-85 riczidcinic )’C:lt‘.

Sludcttts iliil\l hc clll'tillL‘tl tilt at l'iiII-titiic
buds in ii locttl college or uiiii‘ci'sliy lllitl til it
.luniot lc\cl oi liighct' in than school to he
cligililc.

Applications may he olittiincd l'rotti ilic
()fficc ol' l‘iliillltlllll Aid or by contacting Carl
l€. (illi’tllIL‘i'. ('l’M. Allniny Steel and Iron
Supply. inc. l’.t). liox 4006, Alhtiiiy, N.Y.,
IZZIH.

Sit-in planned

A tlciiioiisirtniou :tgtiiiist ilic closing of thc
lltlllitililllL‘N Lotiiigc is licing Pliilliictl for Fri-
tlll_\'. Match 23 iii ||:2‘) zi.rii. by Students
Agtiiiist 'i tiilillilll'lllli l‘tizictirictits (SA'l'li).

SA'll- l’icsidciit Kurt Sclirtikciihcig \ttitl
thc LlL‘ilitilihll‘tllltill is plriiiucd l'oi' ll:2‘)
lrcctttiw Iltc loiutgc is cluscd cttch driy tit
ll:3tl,

Sclniukcuhcig Htlltl owi JtX) sigtniiiii’cs Iiiid
liL'CII collcctcd iii no ongoing pctiiiott tlll\’L‘,
:iiid tlnti liltlli) \llitlL'Iil otguni/titions litid

LSponsored by Indian Quad Board SA Funded

 

t "'A’FTEBNC’CN"
AI.IH.E..§AB§.

has been postponed
until THURS.3/22 3-6pm

tiCkets available in
CC IObbY '$5.00

limited number available

l.D. required to purchase
tickets

*IRISH PUB*
* LAMP POST
*' LONGBRANCH
*O’Heaneys * W-T-’S *

Sonsored by: Telethon ‘84,
SA Classes of 84,85,86

with help from- E&D* Beverages
n

‘ooooooooooo
o

 

 

 

 

sigucd lcttcis of support to kccp Ilic lotiiigc

upon.

a
’ Ruch Distributers J

 

 n~x--‘”"

.-.-t A

