' .th ,wu...» ,—m

t. .'

[D “MISSION UPS

'Vlllcon Thomas. shown here against RPHaIt Wednesday, scored
nine point. in the Danes' 81-08 lose to Potsdam on the road.

‘Womenfcagers drop Invitational to St. Michael’s

Poor foul shooting horts team in loss;
Albany’s record 11-5 for season

By Mark Wllgard
srxrr warren

When one associates the sport of
basketball with the art of free-
throw shooting, the word
"automatic" comes to mind. It's
supposed to be two gift points for
your team courtesy of the opposi-
tion. Try telling that to the Albany
State women’s basketball team.

The Danes shot only 38 percent
(lo-26) from thg free-throw stripe in
the Championship Game of the in-
augural Albany invitational against
St. Michael's. The misses cost them
dearly as they bowed 72-56.

“if you had to pick a weakness,
that was it," commented Albany
Head Coach Mari Warner.
“Overall, we played a nice game,
the difference being the free
throws."

,Wlth 3:05 left, the Danes trailed
64-56. A traveling violation on St.
Michael's gave them a chattce to
pull within six. Peg Squazzo was
fouled, but she missed the front end
of a one-and-one. That was
Albany's last chance, as St.
Michael's put them away in the
closing minutes. They scored the
game's ﬁnal eight points en route to
the win.

Ronnie Patterson was me big gun

for the Danes. as she popped in 22
points. it was Patterson’s precise
shooting that helped Albany to a
30-28 halftime lead.

Patterson leads Scorers i“,

After Patterson hit a 25-footcr to
open up the second half, St.
Michael's ,reeled off nine
unanswered points to take a lead
they would never relinquish.
Albany's Rainny Lesane, who had
10 points in the game, cut the lead
to 58-50 with 7:25 to play. and it
looked like the Danes were on their
way back. But St. Michael’s would
not miss from the floor the rest of
the way as they rolled to the victory.

All in all, Warner was pleased.
“You “hate to settle for less. but
they were quicker and stronger than
us," assessed Warner. “0n the
positive side. we were physical out
there plus we moved the ball around
very well."

To reach the title game, Albany
had to do away with William Smith
on Saturday. in a very physical
game, the Danes rolled to a 62-39
triumph.

The tough Great Dane defense
held William Smith scoreless for the
ﬁrst ﬁve minutes of the game and
built up a 29-12 halftime lead. Kim

.By Keith Marder

ASSOCIA TE SPOR 7S EDITOR

Polsdam
Sometimes the final score of a
basketball game can pretty much

tell the tale of how the game went. .

There are other times when the
score is anything but indicative of
what happened in the previous 40
minutes. The latter was the 'case
Saturday night at Maxcy Hall in
Potsdam as the Potsdam Bears
defeated the Albany State Great
Danes. 81-68 in a game that was
close most of the way.

By reading deeper into Saturday
night’s box score the real story can
be seen.

The most noticeable thing lacking
for Albany was 6'8" center Pete
Gosule, who injured his knee in
Wednesday‘s RPl game. Gosule’s
injury hurt Albany's bench depth as
Potsdam’s substitutes outscored
their Albany counterparts, 27-6.
The absence of their tallest player
also hurt the Danes' rebounding
game as the Bears beat them 38-21
in the war of the backboards.

Another fact that shows Albany's
lack of inside play is that 5‘7" point
guard Dan Croutier led the team in
rebounding with 4.

The Danes rallied behind
Croutier to take their second and
last lead of the game. A John
Mracck hoop off ofa Croutier pass
made the score 57-55 Albany with
6:14 remaining in the game.

Croutier was doing everything a
point guard is supposed to do--hc
was creating opportunities by

Kosalck had 12’ points. while
Lcsane and Diane Fernandes added
eight each in leading Albany to the
rout.

This week, Albany has a pair of
conference games. Tomorrow, they
travel to Binghamton and on Satur-
day it's off to Plattsburgh for a big
meeting with the Cardinals. A win
over Plattsburgh will help the
Danes' chances of hosting the
SUNYAC Regional on February
2|. .

FAST BREAKS: St. Michael's
defeated Castleton State Saturday
to advance to Sunday’s finals. In
the consolation game, William
Smith got mauled again,
78-48...The split of the weekend
games leaves Albany with an 11-5
record for the year...T0urnamenl
MVP was Becky Bouchard of St.
Michael’s. Patterson and Lcsane
were both selected to the All-
Tournument teum...The Danes are
averaging 57.3 points a game while
giving up only 49.1 per game.
Warner stated, “Defensively. we're
playing great hall; offensively,
we're” missing
something."...l.esane leads the
team in scoring with 14.7 per game.
Patterson has an 11.1
average...Leadlng rehounder ls
Kosalek. 6.7 per game.

penetrating, dishing off, hitting
open shots, and most importantly.
playing a smart brand of basketball
while making a minimal amount of
mistakes.

Potsdam, in an effort to regain
their early composure, called
timeout 13 seconds later.

Whatever Bear Head Coach .lerry
Welsh said during that break cer-
tainly did the trick as the Bears
outscored the Danes. 26-11 in the
final 6:01.

“We started to run our offense
well in the last few minutes." said
Welsh. "We stayed away from tur-
novers while at the same time forc-.
ed Albany into some."

The Potsdam defense forced
Albany into a
Potsdam's Leroy Witherspoon tied
the game with 5:37 left. Following a
Dane turnover Bear forward Scott
Culler hit a shot and the Bears took
the lead for good at 59-57 with 4:39
to go.

Due to tremendous pressure on
their next possession Albany was
unable to inbound the ball and was
forced to call timeout. Their next
attempt to get the ball in play dur-
ing the alloted five seconds was un-
successful.

Potsdam took over with a one-
point lead and the clock reading
4:07. .Croutler fouled Culler 14
seconds later. Culler hit both foul
shots, which stretched the Bears'
lead to three. 62-59.

From tlterc on in it was all
Potsdam. The Bears did nothing

turnover after -

JANUAR Y 3!, I984

wrong for the last 3:53; they hit key
foul shots and shut down the
Danes' offense. A couple of mean-
ingless baskets by Roosevelt,
Bullock and Whitney accounted for
the big ﬁnal spread.

Albany stayed close early by
shutting down Potsdam's running
game. The Danes got the lead
brfieﬁy when freshman Adam
Ursprung hit a short shot off of a
pass from Wilson Thomas. That
advantage was short lived as con-
secutive baskets by Pat Crawford
and Leroy Witherspoon gave
Potsdam the lead until late in the se-
cond half. I

As Albany State Head Coach
Dick Sauers said.“We were playing
our game and then we stopped get-
ting the loose balls when they were
there."

HOOP-LA: Both teams shot ex-
tremely well from the field at 52
percent. especially Albany in the se-
cond half 62 percent...Albany's
record is now 10-7 (3-1 in the
SUNYAC Conference)...Potsdam
is 6-0 in the conference...Croutier
was Danes' tnain bright spot: 6-11
from the field. 9-11 from the line,
21 points; 4 rebounds; 10 assists: 2
steals...Ursprung also shot well,
7-11 for 14 points...Wednesday
night the Danes travel to Platt-
sburgh for another SUNYAC
game...The game will start at 8:00
and will be broadcast on 91 FM
WCDI! with broadcasters Adam
Goodman and Rich Udewitz. [Ii

' county and city ofﬁcials to his side,

.  built on a now vacant. 77 acre lot
. across from the uptown campus on

"Albany County Legislature Thurs-

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Albany's Debra Logan battles lor a loose ball in the women’s

 

[:1 basketball team’s victory over William Smlth on Saturday.

 

 

 

 

IVOLUME LXXI

. u..«..

TION

0 ’Leary unveils prOposal for $25M civic center
I uller Road complex would include a University fieldhouse

 

y Robert Gardlnler
Aﬂ-‘WRITER
' lf SUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary can sway state. Albany

d $25M civic center complex would

land owned by the university.
Formally presented before the

day by O’Leary, the plan provides
for a 11,700 seat arena for concerts,
sporting events and conventions '
and a 60,000 square foot SUNYA .
field house, all under one roof.

The field house, included in the
architectural design by Daniel F.
Tully Associates of Melrose,
Massachusetts. would be owned
and run by SUNYA under the pro-
visions of the plan.

When the uptown campus was
still on paper. it included a large
field house for SUNYA indoor '
sports, but because of budget restrictions at that time the
athletic field house was never built.

According to the plan, the field house would cost the state
$6 million with requests that the state would also pay an ad-

 

.ditional $4 miillion toward construction of the arena “to in-
'sure' that the University could have a limited access to the

arena." said O’Leary.
“We are not trying to sell you a facility here, only a con-

. ccpt," asserted O’Leary to the county legislature attending

the meeting. “it is up to the county now to decide what they
want to do," he added.

According to the university plan. the campus, county and
city of Albany would jointly request capital funds for the
construction of the center. A 35 year loan would be sought
from the state Urban Development Corporation to construct
the center. The debt service or.loan payment on the bonds
per year is predicted to be $1,145,000 with the assumed 8.5
percent interest.

A public corporation would be established, according to
the plan, to lease the civic center from the university, build
the facility and then contract with bo\ththe county to operate
the arena. and the university to operate the field house.
Monies to operate the facility and meet the debt service are
anticipated to come from proﬁts earned by the center. and
from contributions from the city. the state, and the universi-
ty. Much of the responsibility will fall on the county of
Albany, according to the plan.

V The University has a clearly documented need for an

 

 

 

 

\ ‘I I”. l =
  if

W: "J ‘ l . T .
ml“. . op. Proposed site for Albany civic Center; Bottom: Artist’s conception ol
 ‘ Center’s interior; inset: SUNYA President Vincent O’Leary.

 

lllllll\ 11/

Top: ED MARUSSICN. UPS: Inset: UPS

 

\M #1»..- 1‘7 I

 

athletic field house according to vice president for University
Affairs, Lewis Welch. “The facilities we have on campus
now are not adequate for a university this size and in this
climate." he said.
Fourth of several proposals

This latest proposal by SUNYA for a Capital District civic
center is the fourth to surface in recent months and adds even
more contestants to the groups already vying to have a civic
center built in their own interests.

Private developer Joseph Futia. who operates the Colonic

 

, SUN YA signs

By Jim O'Sulllvan

EDITORIAL ASSISTANT
As part ofa research agreement with the University. the

. 'Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) has given the

University a $600,000 price break on its computer equip-
ment purchases, and plans to create a user room on State
Quad, according to acting Vice-President John
Shumaker.

The equipment, purchased from DEC. includes a DEC
.system-ZO mainframe and 96 full screen editor terminals,
:Shumaker said.

 “The system is designed to

“be user friendly, it’s easy to

' use for a naive user. ”
—-Barbara Wolfe

 

The DEC-20 was purchased with funds raised last
car’s tuition increase. and through regular SUNYA
"'uipment funds. Shumaker said that no private money

 

7: 1, gas used, as was first planned, because extra equipment
3 _ nds became available. Two researchers at SUNYA will

jglork on specific projects regarding ‘.‘artificial in-

computer pact

telligcnce." and Digital will have exclusive rights to the
research until June, 1985, said Associate Vice-President
for Computing Services Barbara Wolfe.

The research will be done by computer scientists
Miriam Balaban and Neil Murray. System Administrator
for the DEC-20 lsabel Nirenberg called their work “very
exciting" and said “the language they'll be using is really
frontier language."

Artificial intelligence, Wolfe said, is programming
computers to try and get them to behave as if they had in-
telligence. But, she added. there are many different
definitions of intelligence.

As examples, Wolfe cited cotnputcr chess games that
played on the World Champion level. and robots that
work on manufacturing assembly lines, "but that’s a
primitive definition of artificial intelligence."

Currently, artificial intelligence is the focus of a $45
million national program in Japan. Many American cont-
puter scientists are calling for greater research efforts in
this country to offset the Japanese program.

Murray said that he and Balaban had co-autltorcd the
original proposal for the system. but said that the research
topic is in Balaban's field.

Murray explained. “1 work in a subficid which is
sometimes contained...within artificial intelligence
research." He said he is in a field called “computational

'logic," and he described it as I‘the study of logic with the

idea toward developing logical technigues that can bg 9p

 

l .1“.
Coliseum, offered to personally fund an $11 million civic
center complex to be built on his land adjacent to the Colonie
Coliseum in Latham. Under Futia‘s plan, he would then sell
the center back to Albany County and the county would
allow him to operate it.

Upset with the county for "dragging their feet" on his pro-
posal. Futia recently approached chsselaer County Ex-
ecutive William Murphy with a proposal to build Futia’s civic
center in RensselacrI across the Hudson River opposite
downtown Albany. Murphy has come out in support of
Futia's plans but the chsscicar County Legislature has yet
to decide for or against the proposal. The chsselear site
discussed is located along interstate 90 in East Greenbush.

Futia would not cotnmenl on the SUNYA proposal.

Underlying all these plans is one to build the center on va-
cant land adjacent to the Etupirc State Plaza. This plan is
favored by Albany County Executive James Coync. “1 still
prefer the downtown site," Coync satJ after Thursday's
presentation by the university. “We are now involved with
discussions with the governor on whether South Mall bonds
are available for construction," he said.

if South Mall bonds for the plaza location are available.
according to Coync. the state could pay between 50 and 10')
percent on the construction of the civic center there. He add
cd that this plan would relieve the tax burden on county tax-
payers.

When asked what the Albany Countylegislature's feelings
were following the SUNYA presentation, Coync only said
that “The legislators and the commission will keep an open
mind on the issue."

Coync added that there are three more proposals of sites in
the works and "We are shooting for a final decision by the
end of March."

Whalen favors SUNYA

The only prominent local official to come out in favor of
the SUNYA proposal has been Albany Mayor Thomas
Whalen 111. “The most preferable site is at the campus."
said Whalen yesterday morning before the presentation to
the legislature. “it (the SUNYA plan) is thorough and well
done and by for much more attractive than anything to
date." he added.

According to O'Leary’s report, Wltalcn has agreed to pro-
vide $200,000 per year to the center frotn the city budge; to

‘l b

 

 

 

 

