 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

y John F. Park‘er
sTAI-‘FJI'RITER

For a Division III school like
Albany State. the New York State
women’s gymnastics champion-
ships are a fun place to be. But once
the competition begins. the fun
usually ends. very abruptly. This
was the story on Saturday as the
t'outh-seeded Great Danes fared
almost“ as well as expected by

finishing fifth in a field of eight
- powerhouse schools.

Long-standing state champion
Cornell University remained in the
top spot. followed closely by host
Ithaca College and Cortlattd State.
The Dattes compiled a total score of
153.2. a score which. by right.
cottld have been higher and cottld
have placed Albany ltiglter in the
standings.

Saturday. the Danes' stand-out
had to be sophomore Brenda Arm-
strong. She won Albany's all-
around competition by beating her
teammates in tltrce of theday’s four
eVents and registering a score of
31.5 points.

The only event in which she
didn't record the team<high score
was in the floor exercises. which
was won by Karen Bailey with an
8.05. Nora Bellantoni did a fine job
by scoring a 7.85 in the event.

Other fine performances on the
day were registered by Virginia
Lockman in tire vault. Anne
'l‘hatnasett on tlte uneven parallel
bars. and Jennifer Cleary on the
balance beam.

The Great Danes' meet at Keene
State wascancelled on Tuesday.
due to the inclement weather, and
rescheduled for Thursday
evening. El

*  WI +0\X (AVA

 

“1.50 u/wrl’

541. North

13111:?! 11+ A  I. ‘-

‘1
on on

age

 D3. GORQOA/

,.E

t" -'

 "web's.

 50.59.

" ’ " “same:

 

» Tournament
! ny vs. Nazareth
AUItiversin Gym

' ddtly’a‘itd T3 arrowaIFredotriu

Women's Track- Eastern Conference Championships
Friday and Saturday at Bates College.
Maine

Men's Swimming- SUNYACs
Today, tomorrow and Sunday at Osweng

 

 

 

Danes lose to ’Binghamton

<Baek Page
tott only managed to hit six out of 21 shots. Yl'his offensive itteptitttdc led
to the halftime score of I6-l6ﬂ

The Danes had an especially t‘ough titnc on the ot'l'ensiw end itt the
opening minutes. Iiingltttmton took advantage of this as tltey jumped ottt
to a 10-2 lead. Albany‘s defense. showing Ito ill effects from the layoff.
tltctt held the Colonials scoreless forcigltt minutes as tltcy tied the score at
It).

Croutier then came rigltt off of the bcttch to cart a jump shot wltich
gave the Danes their first lead of the game. |2-l0 witlt 8:58 left in the

‘ 1 game.
m ‘31 “They’re a good team this ycttr."sttid Crouticr. "They deserve to go."

303 lUCKEVUPS HOOP-LA: Croutler has hit 64 ottt of his last (til second half foul shots
The Albany State women gymnast took llllh place In the NOW VOVK for a phenomenal 94%. . .The Colonials outrehoundcd the Danes
State Championships last Saturday.

48-34. . .The loss dropped the Danes' final season record to l4-ll.

 

 

 

Opon Sovon Doyo A Woolt
Phone 434-6854

Corner of Clinton and Quail
Home of Pelican Power

Attitude Adlustmont Hour
4 - 7 Mon. -‘Frl.

SHUFFLEBOAHD
IMMEDIATE SPORTS RESULTS

Food Served till 3:30
TAKE OUT AVAILABLE

REAL BUFFALO S'I'YLE
GHIGKEI WINGS Slo95
' $3.5.

I'IIES LADIES HIGH! 9-“
ladle: drinks hall prloo

WED REAL "Al’s IIIGII'I'
no qulono Iloro but
pitohon Q-II $2.”
'I'IIIIIS (HIGHS! WIIGS Q-Il _

$2.00 pitchers SI-95
33.5.

no on station sworensh“
no" 1-1 antic-II

Sllll BLOC-IEQ-A-lucll l6 oz.

. ".‘I'II‘KE. WINGS

' " ' “.95 $365..

 

 

 

 

‘_ ..J

 

 

VJVDanes ’ c

By Dean Ch'ang -
Illllthlull /I.\'.\'I '.-I.\"l' ‘

It could have been the perfect ending to a
tttctnorable season. but itiwas not meant to
he. Alftcr staging a furious rally to tie the
gatnc up. tltc Albany State men's junior \ttr-
sity basketball tettnt was defeated Wednesday
night by a buzvcr-bettting shot takett by Hud-
son Vallcy Community College's Rick l akc.

“I had a sinking feeling that the shot was
going in." said’lvlcud Coach Jim Iioltutd. In
tltc last 20 seconds. tltc crowd's emotions
“cm front elation to dcjcctiott. "That game
was ours." said .loltn (tore. “l kttew that if
the game went to overtime. we would've had
them."

The 67-65 loss pttt the Danes' final record
at l7-3. '

The Danes catttc ottt cold in the sccottd
half and watched HVCC tttrn a six-point
halftime lead into a l5-point bulge itt a span
of only four minutes.

After an Albany timeout. the Danes
outscored HVCC l2-2 to narrow the gap to
five. 48-43. “That's the best we‘ve worked
the ball all season." said Boland. “We kept
getting the shots we wanted. Ottr perimeter
players reversed tltc ball well and were able to
get the ball inside."

With the crowd behind them. the Danes
didn't stop there. The team whittled HVCC's
lead down to one as Duane Corlcy faked his
defender up in the air to get the easy
Iii-footer. Throughout this comeback the
Danes put constant pressure on defense.
Albany’s full-court trap led to five Hudson
Valley turnovers, four of them leading to
Dane baskets. This defensive maneuver is a
bit of a gamble. as offensive teams can get
l“Y-ups if they break the press effectively.
Against HVCC. the gamble paid off.

“When we were down by l5. we knew that
we would have to take risks." said Boland.
” s it turned out. our press really bothered
them." i ‘

Trenton State's Orlando Caseros throws

down Dave Averill as the releress hand

motion him to stop. Averill hit his head
ad could not continu

.a—_—£_Vl&§.ll.lm.___

 

MATTHEWJ.MEN,DELSOHN PIPE DREAM

Three pla "rs who played big roles iii the
full-court press wct'c l\'_c\'in Mann. (lore and .‘
Mick Folio/Ii. Said l‘tthoI/i. “l was trying to
get it] between the dribblcr attd arty open-
tuatt. Basically. I played tltc passing latte to
try for the stcal or a deflection. \\’cjust Itttstl-
cd our btttts off."

After another press-induced ttttttovcr.
(iotc hit a soft iii-footer to pttt tltc Danes up
l'ot tltc l'itst titttc itt that half. The lead was
short-lived however, as llttdsott Valley came
dooncourt and converted on a thrcc»poittl
play. "'l‘ltat seemed to get ottr guys down."
sttid llolttttd. “We fought back to lake the
lead attd then that guy throws up :1 pr '
and makes it." HVCC then rcclcd off five
consecutive points (all frotu the line) to takca
commanding seven-point lead with less than
fottr minutes to play.

The teams trutlcd baskets ttntil tltcrc were
two tnintttcs left itt the game. 'l'wo tuorc free
throws gave Hudson Vally a seemingly insur-
tnountalbc six-point Ie I. bttt the Danes
never quit. Showing fierce detertttintttiou.
Rich Chapman followed up an Albany
ntisfire with his owtt miss. Chapman snared
the rcbottnd and went right back up to tnttke
it a four-point spread.

The Danes went back to the press. bttt
HVCC was able to break it easily. Hudson
Valley moved tltc ball inside. only to ltave
their shot rejected by Chapman. HVCC
recovered the rebound. bttt Gore blocked the
ensuing sltot and Albany had the ball back
with I:Oli left to play.

The Dane offense was remarkably patient
ttttder the circumstances; the ball was worked
around until Corley threw a clean pass to
Fabozzi for the open l7-footer. Perfect.

'Momentum was clearly on the Danes’ side.
The pressure defense intimidated Hudson
Valley into throwing a poor pass which was
deflected by one of the Danes. Once again,
Chapman's ﬁghting colors shone through.

17>

 

FRIDAxMARCHz 1934 o ALBAstn/Dmm ‘ j,‘  . ".19

Videotape shows Averill dropped intentionally

’ By Marc Barman
AS.

0cm re SPOR r eolmtt

Albany State wrestling coach Joe DeMeo
kept rerunning the same videotape over and
over at his Schenectady home on Tuesday
night.

Each time the live-second segment was
ﬂashed on the screen. the images revealed the
same conclusion; NCAA l26-pound cham-
pion Dave Averill did not slip out of the
grasp of Trenton State's Orlando Caseres in
last Saturday night's finals of the NCAA
Tournament.

On the videotape. it was clear that Caseres
had intentionally slammed the Dane three-
tittte All-American to the mat, thus wtping
ottt whatever still existed of the controversy
over the decision to award Averill the Na-
tiottal Championship by disqualification.

lt ltas been six days since “it” happened.
On that memorable Saturday night itt the
liinghamton gym. Cascres. up 9-5 with a half
a tttintttc remaining in the match, hoisted
Averill off the mat in a I‘iretnan's carry and
dropped the Dattc wrestler on his ltcad.
Averill slipped into unconsciousness for four
seconds then remained in a semiconsciotts
state for over 10 minutes as he laid on the mat
surrounded by medical personnel.

In accordance to Rule 7 Secion 8, Averill
was named the 126-pound NCAA Cham—
pion. The rule states that ifa contestant is in-
jured by an illegal move and can‘t continue.
the match shall be defaulted the the injured
wrestler.

There was a large amount of controversy
after the decision was announced. Both
Caseres and Trenton State’s coach Dave
lcettltowcr claimed Averill had slipped off the
shoulders of Orlando with the latter off
balance and with no cotttrol. Even DcMet)
origittally thought tltc tnove was uninten-
tional; but after the vicwittg of tire videotape.
the Dane coach was singing a different tttne.

“l-lc (Cascrcs) was itt total control." said
Dcnteo. "He never lost his balattce. He inten-
tionally tltrcw Dave to the mat. Whether he
intettdcd to spike his head against the tttat...
well that’s ttot for tire to infer."

Averillhwho is still recovering from his
concussion. would not say outright if he
thought (fttsct'es had itttcttdcd to hurt him.

but he did imply Casercs was a dirty wrestler
and he spoke. with bitterness in his voice.

"In the second period he twisted my arm
all the way back and he got a penalty point
for it." said the junior from Shenendahowa.
“In the third period he lifted me up and just
hammered me. I don't know why he did it.
Maybe he was trying to show off to the
crowd (Trenton State rooting section). I'm
not going to say he did it with intent to hurt
me. only Orlando knows that."

Averill was asked if he feels like the Na-
tiottal Champion. He responded, "I don‘t
really feel like I am. Everyone keeps telling
tne that l sltould feel like 1 ant and l deserved
it. Well. i know for one thing. Casercs
doesn't deserve it."

From the tittte Averill‘s head made contact
with the mat to the time he was lying in the
hospital was all a blur to hitn. He does
remember his first emotion when he realized
lie was national champion.

"i wasn't even thinking about it." said
Averill." Then when I found out. I felt terri-
ble. I didn‘t want to win like that."

What has happened to Averill in the past
week hasn‘t really ltit him yet. It's hard for
him to comprehend that he's the first Albany
State National title holder in 17 years and on-
ly the second athlete in Albany State history
:0 win two national championships.

He feels mentally drained from the Tour-
nament and physically. he's still feeling the
effects of the concussion. He won't be fit
enough to compete in the NCAA Division l
Championships at the Mcadowland Complex
which lte automatically qualiﬁes for. Caseres
will be going as a wildcard.

Averill adtuitted he “wrestled the best in
his life attd lte peaked at the rigltt time" in
reaching the finals of the tournament. He
also hopes someday to wrestle Caseres again.
a wish most improbable consdering the Tren—
tutt State senior is graduating.

"He‘s really tough bttt l tltottgltt l wrestled
him close." said A\'L‘l'lll.”TllL‘ score was only
9-5 and I just needed a takcdown. I know I
could tttrtt hitu if I got him down. it's a
shame he had to do what he did."

Averill has already set his goals for next
season; that is. ll0l only to win a national title

17>

omebaCk falls short againstHl/CC

ED MAIUWCM UPS

Scott Nouman contests a shot In In earlier game against Union In Curtis Ollvor

(24) watch».

 

