  

 

 
 

   
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  

 
 

 

By Michael Skolnlck'
s nrrwalmk .- I I .

The undefeated women's swimm-
ing team took their record on the
road last Saturday to St. Michael's

,and Wednesday to Binghamton,’
beat both teams and upped their
. record to 11-0. But the team's
record does not tell the whole story.
Five new records were set in the
meet against Binghamton as the
‘ Danes won easily, 87-50.

Nancy Smith has become the

team’s premier long distance swim-

: mer and she set a new team record

in thc' woo-yard freestyle in a time
of 11:54.07. The next record was set
by Kris Monahan in the 100-yard
breaststroke with a time of 1:15.74.
She has been a mainstay in the in-
dividual events as well as an integral
part of the consistently successful
relay teams.

Janet Boman has quickly made a
significant contribution to the
team. She continued her torrid pace-
by setting two school records. In the

' zoo—yard butterﬂy her time was
2:21.38 and in the 100-yard freestyle
her time was :58.0. The ﬁnal school
record of the day was set in the
BOO-yard freestyle relay where the
team of Carol Pearl, Boman, Smith
and Carole Elie won in a time of
8:34.00. Elie had the best day out of
all the swimmers as she dropped
two full seconds off her be_s_t time in

r aisp‘oﬂ’g‘acpatvyswomrpkass a salon. Faber/AR”, 19.94

recordssmashed;women swimmers 1 1-0

.the lib-yard freestyle. Elie and
Pearl have dominatedxthe short
distance events for most of the
season. ,
Against St. Michael's the'team
again had an easy meet, winning by '
' a score of 67-45. Head Coach .Ioe
Shore was able to use different 1'
combinations toward the end of the' ’
meetra situation in which he is able
to experiment with new teams.

One highlights of the meet was
Monahan. who set a new personal.
best time for herself in the ZOO-yard
individual medley with a time of
2.30:67 which was four seconds off
her previous best time. Pearl won
two events, the IOU-yard butterﬂy
and the 500-yard freestyle in times
of 1:09.73 and 5:44.43. respectively.

In reading about swimming.
many people forget that recordsare'
the results of hard work and dedica-
tion in practice. Mary Daly, Mary
Anne Schmitt and Randi Marrow
have been working especially well in
practice and Coach Shore is confi-
dent that they will become a‘ vital
element in his winning team.

This Saturday. there is an impor-
tant match against Cortland here at
University Gym. The Red Dragons
are much improved and Shore is ex-
pecting a tough match. “1 think we
can continue our winning streak
because our times have been good
lately and the team as a whole is
swimming well." D

 

a... ~..«...:~ Mé- No

Ha“...»_.-.... _.. . .. ,.

 

 

 

UPS
The women's swimming team broke live team records in their victory over Binghemton Wednesday
night to up their season mark to an outstanding 11-0.

 

Basketball
= Spirit

Come support the Danes tomorrow night as they ,
stride towards the SUN YAC playoffs in a key game
against Binghamton at 8:00. Admission is free!

 

 

Week

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ﬁ As‘Part of Sexuality Week N
Speakers Forum Proudly
Brings to SUNY

SHERE H]:I_‘_E_

 

au'nlolt or
The Hlto Report :

 

 

A NationWIde Study
of Female Sexuality

8:
M

Male Sexualityw

WED- Feb 8'h
CC Ballroom 89m

'2‘ wltex sticker
’3“ onut

 

 

 

i' SKIPPER‘S TAVERN

(Conner: of Ontanio and Second St.
niqht behind Blceken Stadium)

 

take A look AT the menu. We have the best chili
town, and we will put it on Anything.
Oust steamed clams an: aloudy would famous

leknown. We Also SERVE the second but winqs
Albany (hey, nobody's panther).
These delicacies and the REST of one menu

can all be paocueed loom I I am , when
we open foe lunch, until 1 am.

MW

DOZEN STEAMERS

SEE YOU SOON
SKIPPER

PASS IT ON

 

You have seen we daink specials, now come in and

and non shootces an: well on Illiill way to would

SO 'COME IN FOR lUNCH AND HAVE A BOWL
OF CHOWDER OR VISIT US LATE NITE FOR A

PS ‘We ARE having a grand opening weekend
Feb. 10-12, a weekend of specials and sunpniscs

 

 

 

 

JV Danes lethargic in easy win over

' Danes. Amidst the turnovers, mental lapses
and overall sloppy play were some bright~

By Dean Chang

EDImnML ASSISTANT

1n the eyes of the Albany State junior
varisty basketball team, Wednesday night's
game with RPI was over before it even
started. The'Danes felt they could just walk
out on the court and automatically be handed
a victory. Unfortunately for the Engineers,
they were correct.

The Danes went through the motions and
defeated host RPI by an underwhelming
score of 81-61. The margin of victory could
have easily been 40 points had Albany come
to play. A week ago. the Danes manhandled
RPI. 81-51. without giving their best effort.
They knew how poorly RPI had played. and
they assumed it would take very little to beat
them.

“We didn't have any intensity out there."
said Head Coach Jim Boland. “We thought
we could roll over them without even trying.
In essence, that’s what we did. We can get
away with it against RPI, but if we play like
this against Onconta (a team Albany has
already beaten this year). we’re going to get
beat."

“It's hard to get the team up for every
game," continued Boiand. “if we played
RPI last semester, 1 could have told them
that they were a much-improved team.
There’s not mttch you can do when we just
played them last week.”

Dcspitc the team's overall lack of couccn-
tratiori, there were some fine individual pcr-
i'ormunccs turned in. Curtis Oliver played his
best game of th. year. hitting 13 of 15 shots
for a game-high 26 points. Oliver made a
mockery of RPI's zone, cutting through
unguarded and scoring at will. Even after
RPI made a defensive adjustment on Oliver,
the points kept coming.

“Curtis played one of his best offensive
games," said Boland. “But i know that he
can shoot and score. His defensive play is
what impresses me. Curtis went to the boards
hard and hustled out there. He was one of the
:fcw who was ready to play."

The first half wasn't all that bad for the

B Marc Barman
ASSOC/A TE spears 51mm

if there was one meet this suason that truly
showed the disparity between last year's
sixth-ranked national club and this year's
Albany State wrestling team, it took place
Wednesday night in the University gym.

Last year when the Danes met up with
Western New England it was a tight meet
with the Golden Bears ccking it out at the
end. This season's match was no contest as
the 17th ranked Bears clobbercd the Danes,
34-9.

Ostensibly, the Danes’ record now shows
9-4, but their failure just to come close to
top-ranked learns is what is irking coach Joe
DeMco.

Two time Ail-American Dave Averill, who
continues to be the only wrestler that links
the Danes with the glory years of the past. ac-
counted for_ six of the nine points rcgistcrcd

 

..._...,a#_--;,._. 4.1;...“ .  t. m... . A ..._...':....:;~

 

 

.....,*..._.a.-.-...._.._,. ,  ,1 ,.... .

l

FRIDAY. FEBRUARY/,3. 1984 a Ataanrsruoanrpacss spa-[319‘

spots. Albany shot very well as a team,

thanks to some outstanding passes from,

Duane Corley. Corley totaled seven ﬁrst-half
assists while keeping the offense under con-
trol. “Even though we were up by 10 at
halftime (40-30), we really weren't playing
loosely," said Corley.

The second half was much like the first;
disorganized play with an occasional great in-
dividual play. Oliver continued his torrid
play, combining 15-footers with strong inside
play, Corley driving the lane on his way to a

three-point play, and back-to-back steals by '

Andy O’Connell. But that cohesiveness was
still missing. ~

The numbers don’t tell the correct story
about the game. Albany shot 36 for 66 from
the field and outrcbounded RPI e'asiiy.
Against a team like RPI, those numbers
aren't that impressive. To the Danes'
defense. there were negative circumstances
that could have caused the poor perfor-
mancc. ,

Starting forward Kevin Mann was unable
to play because of the gash he suffered
against CSR. O’Connell sprained his ankle
late in the first half and appeared to be
hampered by it in the second half. On top of
that, due to a transportion mix-up, most of
the team didn‘t arrive at RPI until game-time
and were unable to warm up. “I catt unders-
tand why the guys didn‘t want to play this
game," said Boland. “But we would have
played like this even if we had warm-ups."

Center Rich Chapman had another strong
game, scoring 10 points and grabbing 12 re-
bounds. lf Chapman has any faults, it's that
he doesn’t take enough shots. “Rich took
only six shots the whole game." said Boiand.
"We have to get him more involved in our
offense. On defense, we would be in big trou-
ble without Rich.”

The players realize that they’ll have to play
better in general than they did Wednesday
night. "if we want to beat Union. (tonight‘s
opponent), we're going to have to play much

by the Danes as he recorded a pin with 20
seconds to go in the opening period. Averill
boosted his dual meet record to 12-1.

“1 was very itnprcsscd by Averill," said
Western New England’s coach, Bob
Skeleton. “He‘s one of the premiere 126
poundch I‘ve seen. He‘s real tough and he
shows a great mental attitude.”

Averill came out like a tiger against Lcwis
Cooper building a 12-0 lead, coming close to
a pin three different times. On the fourth at-
tempt, he was successful. The pin boosted the
Danes to thcir first and only lend of tire cvcn<
ing. 6—3.

Following Avcrill‘s match, the Bears
strung togethcr scvcn straight triumphs, in-
cluding thrcc pins bcforc Dunc heavyweight
lvan “TheTcrriblc” Katz closed out the
meet with a gritty 10-7 decision.

Maybe the Danes knew it wasn’t going to
be their night when in the opening match,

 

' ‘ ED MARUBBIGH UPB
The Albany State wrestling team lost to a talented squad from Western New
England, 34-9 Wednesday evening to drop their record to 9-4.

better," said Corlcy. “it will be easier to play
in front of our fans than it was tonight."

RIM SHOTS: Along with his seven assists,
Corley threw in 14 points...'l‘he Danes total-
ed seven blocked shots; John Gore led the

Albany's Shawn Sheldon and Craig Coffey
were tied 2-2 at the end of regulation. But,
one point was added to Coffcy‘s score for
2:25 seconds of riding time which gave the
118 poundcr the victory, 3—2.

134 pound John Baiog was back in the
lineup but was nursing a sore ankle. He drop-
pcd a close decision to Tom Cahill in a match

,Balog might have won if healthy.

Junior 142 pound Greg Stackcl. a swimmer
turncd wrcsllcr, lost to a game Schby Antato
on a fall. Stuckcl quit the swimming team in
Novcmbcr and joined thc grapplcrs without
any prior wrestling experience. in most mat-
chcs, Stackcl is giving up at least six years of

SPORTS BRIEFS

Spirit week

This wcck, February 5 to 12. has been
designated as “Basketball Spirit chk”
by the Albany Common Council and the
State Legislature in honor of Dane
coach Dick Sauers. who has coached at
Albany State for 28 years.

Saucrs, who has accumulated a record
of 474 wins here, was presented last
night a plaque from the SA and
Budweiser in a “tribute to basketball ex-
cellence."

Preceding Saturday night's big game
against SUNYAC rival Binghamton, a
reception will be held for Sauers in the
Patroon Room where guests such as
Mayor Whalen, Assemblyman Conners,
Senator Nolan, and President O'Lcary
will be present.

Upcoming events

The Albany State basketball team will
try to snap their recent losing streak
when they host SUNYAC . rival

 

. ED MARUSSICM UPS
Curtis Oliver goes up for a lay-up against RPI. Oliver scored a season-high 26 points
in the JV Danes' win over the Engineers Wednesday night.

team with three...Albany shot 60 percent
from the llne...The Danes' record stands at
11-2...Mann will try: to return to action
tonight against Union. The game will be held
at 8:00 at University Gym. El

Albany wrestlers fall to, Western New England

experience to his opponents.

“He's done a great job so for," said
DeMco. “He‘s learning very quickly."

The Danes will try to rebotmd this Satur-
day wltcn they compete in a triangular meet
on the road against Central Connecticut and
US. Coast Guard.

TAKE DOWNS: There will he Ito return by
former Dune wrestler Ed Gleason. Gleason,
who dropped out of school last semester. has
decided it Is In his best interest not to enroll at
Albany State again.

 

Binghamton, Saturday night at 8 p.m.
Admission is frcc...Tohight, the junior
varsity basketball team will be home
against cross-town rival Union at 8
p.m....Thc women's basketball team
will be in Plttttsburgh, Saturday night.
for a game with the Cardinals starting at
6 p.m....The Dane wrestling team will
travel for a triangular meet against Cen-
tral Connecticut and Coast Guard on
Saturday...Thc men's and women‘s
.wimming team will be at the University
Jym for a big meet against SUNYAC
rival Cortland at 2 p.m....Thc men's in-
.ioor track team will be at RPI for a
meet beginning at 1 pm.

Bowling meeting

The Albany State Intercollegiate Bowl»
ing Club is having a meeting Thursday
February 9. 6:00 pm. at University Lanes.
For information: call Sal Pcrednia at
457-4715.

Results from last night's action will ap-
pear in the ASP on Tuesday, F’ebruary 7.

 

 

 

 

 

