gs.

t'

i
t
l

_.—~.—a. - ~—

 
 
   
 
 
  
  

 

 

....e. yum.“

- mW-1“Jf3i?ii'u‘w’i'ﬁ-» A 

 

 

MARCH 30. 1984

 

 

0%.... ‘ ' '

 

I. C'mon in."

"Hi." ,

The office that they gave him was
really small. A desk. a chair for himself and
two others. a couple of metal bookcases. a
fake plant. At least there was the window.
Very large. with a grove of trees on the other
side to look at when you couldn't think of
anything to say. when you'couldn't talk. Or
when you wouldn't talk. That was different;

dung  64m

lsat down In my usual place. the chair right
next to his desk. The other chair. between the
little bookcases. looked more comfortable. My
coat always got plopped in it. l wondered if
anyone ever sat there to talk to him. l
wondered what would happen if i decided tc
sit in it one day. instead of this chair whose left
arm was pushed right up to the metal side ot
his desk.

Five months ago i had engraved a few inch-
long lines in the wooden art-n of the chair with
my fingernail. it was the fingernail of my left
thumb. on the left arm of the chair. so that
from where he reclined behind his desk. he
couldn't see that l was purposely mutilating his
furniture. But he probably saw me at It
anyway. and i wouldn't have noticed that he
noticed. and he'd have written down that i
needed to take out my anxieties on his chair.
As the weeks stretched into months. the nail-

 

 

 

marks got deeper.

lalmost never looked at him when i talked.
l usually played with the creases of my jeans.
or picked at my sneakers or something. l
always had my legs crossed when l sat in that
chair — not the lady-like way. though. My left
foot stayed on the floor while my right leg was
doing the crossing. right ankle resting on left
leg. That was how l was comfortable. Artd my
left hand could pick at the ankle-tab of my
right sneaker. Adidas. Nike. Once. i had been
quiet for a while and when he said “What

comes to mind?" i answered. “Nothing.
Nike." Then my time was up.
Today it seemed like the nail-makes

wouldn't get any deeper. and my time was
always up.

He finished writing my name artd the date
on the top of his pad. and looked at me with
extra-open eyes. Eyebrows raised. a kind of
enquiring. searching glance. This was my cue
to begin.

. “You must be getting so sick of my face.
im. sorry about his. l'm taking up your lun~
chtime. right? i told them it ws an emergency.
but that was a lie. The emergency was Satur‘
day. So now l'm making you miss lunch. and
l'm really not that bad anymore. i already
have a Friday appointment. but l'm out of
pills. Why don't you write me a new prescrip-
tion. and 1'" leave you to your lunch. and see
you Friday."

“Why don't you tell me what happened."

“But that's what's so stupid! Nothing hap-
pened. l was absolutely fine on Thursday.
after i got that paper back. remember. i told
you i got the ‘A' on? Friday l was alittle out of
it. So i didn't eat breakfast or lunch. That's not
a big deal anymore. l know that when l really
start to feel‘hungry. l'll eat something and
manage to keep it down. After not eating
lunch. l came here. l felt better afterwards.
went to the A&P for some stuff and went jogg-
ing. Not bad for an empty stomach. l ate din-
ner. Friday night we Just hung around the

floor, you know. watching TV and talking.
and I went to bed around one."

“Then l woke up Saturday morlng, early.
around six. It was too early to get out of bed.
so i wend to back to sleep. But when I do that
- wake up and go back to sleep - l have a lot of
weird dreams. Sol woke up again around ten.
and l was shaking like mad. My whole mind
was clouded over. Like i was preoccupied
with ten thousand thoughts at once. i went in~
to the bathroom and threw up the little that
was left from Friday's dinner. What a terrific
way to start the day! i took a pill. [drank some
apple juice. and sat on my bed trying to relax.
I swear. all i eat up here lately is apples and
apple juice! i should buy the goddamned com-
pany..."

i had been picking at my shoelace tIPS- NOW

i looked at him. He gave me his "90 on" face-
This was much like his “let‘s get started" face.
but less punctual. somethow. More eyes and

 

less eyebrows. His eyes were very deep and
brown. basically somber but with a faint gleam
of something else. something better. Maybe it
was hope. i liked his eyes.

“So. consideing i felt fine at six and terrible
rt ten. it must have been the dreams that set
me off. right?"

“it's possible." His tone was vacant as usual.
but also sympathetic - a little bit. it was always
a little bit with him. Even 50. l could tell l was
drawing him in.

“But they weren't even real dreams!
Crashing on my bicycle and speeding tickets
and priests who ...dumb things!“ I was baiting
him: i knew perfectly well that the dreams
were important. despite their appartent
stupidity. i wanted him to tell me that he
wanted my dreams. it worked. i was good at
getting the things i wanted from him.

“Tell me what happened in the dreams.
Stan wherever'you want." He never told me
what to tell him. l liked that.

“Alright. in one of them. l'm riding my bicycle
up a mountain. it's at home. and it's a road i
always wanted to try riding. but i thought it
was too steep. So i never take it. in real life.
But in the dream l'm on that road. and- it's very
sunny and hot. Anyway. it takes a long time to
get to where l'm going, which Is a police sta-
tion. l have to find out how many points are
on my license. if l'm on probation. l really do
have two speeding violations. so that's
residual. 'cause l'm pretty worried about them

I get Inside and the cops say that only my own

 

 

 

town's police can tell me what i want to know
They don't have my records because i don’t
live in that county. And that‘s all."

i didn't bother to look at him . l knew that
the dream I had Just related was the most in~
consequential of the three. And i knew he
knew. and he knew that i knew. it was all a
game of pre-guessing each other. We were
very good at it. i expected that he wouldn't
comment yet. that by his not saying anything
he would force me to get to the importan!
things I had come there to tell him.

"The other dream. l'm on my bicycle again
And l'm riding on a very big hill. a two-lane
road with trees all around. l'm going downhill
very fast. l get scared that l'm going to crasll
but I get to the bottom okay. The road keeps
going and going. Then all of a sudden. it's
down to one lane and there's waterall around
me. The shoulder of the road is muddy. l'm
riding on a causeway, almost. and it's getting
thinner and thinner and the ocean is
everywhere. Then the bike slips off In the mud

 

train of thought.

.“l can't tell you about the priests.“ i looked
at my watch. “There's not enough time " He
was quiet. “There's never enough time ten
minutes to get rolling. But i get kicked out on
the half hour. just the same."

i watch his eyes drop to my right foot Mine
did the same. l watched it; it was jiggling
forcefully. Up and down. up and down. over
and over. I stopped it. Suddenly I felt very
tired. Tired of fighting with him. Tired of not
getting what i wanted. Quietly l stared at him
and said. "My whole damn body is
quivering...this isn't helping anymore "

l allowed my eyes to sink into his - just for a
moment. for comfort, for safety. Wlty couldn'l
he know everything just by looking into my
eyes? l wanted him to know me. I wanted to
be understood. l wanted to understand

i could feel myself becoming too attached to
‘him. Now 1 could even read his mind.
sometimes. the way i could read tny English
teacher's mind in class. He had broun eyes
too. but they were easier. They would just
glisten with excitement and it was so alliiplt’.
sometimes. to know just what he \uruld say
next. Just what conclusion he Wits nltout to
make on whatever we were reading

Why couldn't these browrt eyes tutti rm;
mind? Why couldn't i stop myself frrnu think»
ing about him? Why wouldrt't itc Int my in.
take away my loneliness. Ulrike ii‘it.’ icul
whole? Why. Why. There were altmc» lllt'
whys. and never the becauses.

He could tell that i wasn't about to NH. nnnh
more that day. So he did some ltillxiiitl int n
change.

“When they said that you needed in ~w
me. i expected you to be right in the 1 »i .n rili'r
iety attack. Yet you came calmly iii imp uni.

 

 

 

 

and l fall face first into it. but i don't get dirty.
somehow. i look down to see if the bike's
okay. and i see that my thigh has a hug slash
right across it. And l'm all bloody."

Now i looked at him. He was making ar-
rows on the pad. connecting one idea with
another. I always wanted to see what he'd
written. right away. right after our session end-
ed. l Wanted to see how he thought. And what
he thought of me. He never hurried when he
drew boxes or arrows. and i always waited for
him to finish. i figured if it was important
enough to deserye an arrow. l'd at least give
him the chance to draw It and think a little. He
was done. though, and he casually. but not
condescendingly. looked up from the pad to
me and asked: “You get covered with blood
instead of mud. What do you make of that?"

I knew damn well what to make of it. or at
least. i though i did. Telling him my conclu-
sion ws not something i looked forward to.
But i was trapped. He knew too much of my
intelligence to sense that i would be lying. or
avoiding, or both. If ljust said "i don’t know."

"it looks like my infamous. age-old hangup
with sex. what else!" Why was l yelling? l con-
tinued. though. in a sarcastic tone. “Riding
down a long causeway into the depths of the
ocean is pretty damn obvious. And i get
covered with blood. if you lose your virginity
you bleed. That's what i make of it." '
" He Ignored my attempt to lash him verbally
Letsiback :p to the first dream. You have
spee ng tic ets - viol t .

Wha‘ does th‘s mean; Ions Two violations.

complete regard for my welfare Yu \\‘tttl(l
have quickly left out of kindness for row i! i
had let you. Artd what was the first thing \tvti
said when you came in'.’ "You ntust gt‘i m «it
of my face." An awful lot of aflL’nlltrit in tin
well-being. But what it's saying to me is that
you think it's pretty neat that you'w won tiit'
twice in four days. and that you 5ch my .anin
in only three more." '

"So i think two things. First. that you could
definitely benefit from more help than for rtlilt’
to give you here. Second. that our rcintrum
ship has progressed to a point where you "Mk'
be irtventing symptoms as excuses for wvmti
me.

How could he dare to say that to my ’ iiuu
:ould he so calmly and surely billitilt’ the
agony Of my never-ending nervousnes: ‘ litni
forced myself to restrain my sudden rlitiit‘i it
was wiser to simply appear tired ot llih tilir
ment.

"Saturday's attack was real."

"i don't doubt that. But it's over. yet you to
ed it to get in here today."

“l'm getting worse. not better." I was sun- of
this. He must have seen it. too.

"i know. i saw that months ago This Is
more than just anxiety over schoolwork tilitl
boys. That would never have reached tr pmlt
like this. We’re only just beginning to sec 51 Hm’
of the things that are causing you to fuel llit.‘
Way you do. You've kept them hidden (or .t
long time - from me. from everyone hint!
before me."

What he said was true. and i knew that. but

 

i thought for a minute. But m
drifted...Nike. No! Think you jerk! Whyat'd'b':
it mean?...lt was no use.

"But what about violation?"

Oh God. this was beginning to make me '
nervous again. i went there to feel better and
was heading towards leaving feeling worse
 i had an answer. So i gave it. '
. You can only be violated once. The first
time. After that. you're not being violated any
more. But i know that's ridiculous. that's rtoi
real. Girls get raped and they're not virgins
and that's violation. anyway. But not for me it
ggzsln’t feel that way. For me there's only

of “I‘l/tnd you have to bleed and suffer because

::Yeah. i guess so." There was a pause.
We only have a little while left. What about

the other dream? The priests," He could ask

 

me that now. after i had revealed a secret and

 

he knew i wouldn’t rebel if he tried to force my

 

It hurt anyway. it felt as though my chest had
been ripped open by his words. I was bleutllllil
upside. lcouldrt't look at him while it lturr lIlt’t’
t at.

l was sick of playing with my sneakers 'l'lit’
arm of the chair had offered me all the soinru il
could. l was time to sit in a new chair

i looked out the window. The pious twiu
swaying slowly and the snow sat lwnvtlv “1‘
them. it made me cold. and l SlllVCrL'tl. and
was sad. i could feel a tear beginning to form
on the lower lid of my eye. i never Cl'lL‘tl lot
him. But it grew. falling. over my lnsltcs onto
my cheek. The tear dripped slowly down my
face. i wiped It. and turned to look at liiiii lir'
had been waiting for me to come back

"\Dlgsypu have a private practice?"

"Can you take me on?"

Yes. Why don't we talk about rt 0”
Friday." -

  
  
     
   
  
    
     
    
 

 

g

   

 

 

ii
A.
.

 

 

 

   

MARCH 30; 1984

(Wm: - dunno:

he room was shoulder to shoulder

f. 7 SUNYA students. clutching their plastic
cups and sidestepping their way to the

two altars in the suite - the keg and the
bathroom. Michael Jackson was cooing and
chirping to every girl in the room. “I want to
love you. Pretty Young Thing." leading the

row of guys along the window in a chorus of
pants and appropriate grunts.

.9qu 915%

As they reveled in their camaraderie.
toasting plastlc~cupped beers and patting
backs. i saw her. i knew she lived In my
building: l had seen her in the elevator before.
but never so...well. stunning is a word that
comes to mind. What disturbed me was that
site caught my eye rather that captivated my
affections..'

From the waist down. she looked like a
floor lamp. and a rather unsteady one at that.
Her denim mini-skirt flared over spindly white-
siockinged legs held self-consciously together.
teetering on four-inch black patent leather
pumps. The shoes made her look like some
sort of precarioust perched goat whose
hooves had been carved away In a bizarre cult
ritual. On the skirt‘s rear pocket was a
triangular patch that said.“GUESS?". l'd
rather rtot. thank you. ‘

Site wore a V-sltaped red vinyl (ulntosi
leather) belt around her waist. the kind that
wraps over the hips and points down to the
crotch as if to say.“Look at me. l'm easy." Her.
uneasy stance denied this as adamantly as the
electric crimson advertisement confirmed it.
The belt was cinched over an article of clothing
that made me cringe. a torn grey sweatshirt
worn (you guessed it) off the shoulder. On se-
cond thought. it was definitely cut. rto doubt
by some unfortunate imntigrattt sweatshop
(no pun intended) worker whose weekly
salary couldn't pay for the shirt she had so
carefully mangled. Snips had been strategical-
ly placed along the neckline. down the left
sleeve. across the stomach. artd of course. on
the dreaded shoulder.

Beneath this defaced garment she wore a
pittk leotard that had obviously never seen the
liglti of a dance studio - it sltintntered like
cellophane Easter grass. I checked lter gawky
white legs again: i was right - no call muscles.
As I glanced back up. site adjusted the expos-
ed strap. belting it up uncomfortably and let-
ling it snap on her exposed shoulder. The
sound itself charmed me; nothing lilts upon
the car like the crack of Spandex. She had me
hooked. Of course. it could have been the
clanking of the four wavy plastic cuffs site had
stacked around her wrist.Tltey matched her
Campus Center $2.00 special earrings - the
groovy hammered discs with the paint spat-
ters. They looked like 45's that had narrowa
escaped Jackson Pollock.

Her hair didn't suit the lrnage that her
clotltirtg was trying to present. it was cut in the
style that you see abused in so many high
school yearbooks: parted in the center and
feathered past shoulder length. Framing lter
face were two symmetrical cylinders of hair.
lorrned by that great God of Adolescence. the
Curling lron. She looked like a walking
billboard for Jimmy Dean Pork Sausage Links.
The untended remains of a iwo-month-old
berm wound down the back of her head. un<
iouclted by human hands since last semester.

Her face - oy. that face! Her eyebrows were
plucked Into a permanent expression of bitchy

     

 

   
 

'dissatlsfaction. sharply arched ittio the gables

 

 

of a roof tltat covered her dark eyes. Seven
coats of mascara had clumped together to
make each loslt look like a string of tiny black
rock candy Bright blue eyeliner (painfully)
traced the inner part of her lower lid: black
traced the outer lt ntiglti have looked almost
presentable when she left titer room ten
minutes ago; but by now the black ltad smudg-
ed into a streak half an inch wide below each
eye. making her look like a cross between a
football linebacker and u raccoon aroused
front hibernation. l\ sweep of iridescent violet
across her lid and a smear of white-to highlight
her browbonc colttpleied iltcse dressings to
her ‘wirtdows of the soul.‘

A maroon stripe drew attention to her ob-
vious lack of clteekbortes because it had been
drawrt itt the shape of an inverted 'rl' from her
temples to the corners of her mouth. accen-
tuating the pale. untouched pads of fat that
were her real checks. The label may have said
l“blush.” but I don't know anyone who turns
maroon when they're embarrassed.

She obviously read Cosmopolitan. because
her lips were done by the book. “Don't like tlte
shape of your moutlt?." they ask. “Draw itt a
new one!" This may work on professional
models itt still photos. but on a walking. talking
SUNYA student. it just doesn't cut it. Her
naturally narrow lips were hidden irt the center
of a mouth drawn in by Clarabelle tth Clown
that extended front an inch above normal to
alt inch below normal. all coated by gooey red
lip gloss. “How kissable." i thought. “like
dunkirtg for apples itt a vat of UAS strawberry
sundae topping." Her entire face seemed to
have a healthy. sunlit glow.Unfortunately. her
neck and shoulders didn't. i took two steps
back to absorb the whole horrifying picture.
gulping down a beer to ease the pain. Then a
voice irtside me started talking:

“Okay. this poor thing has obviously been
victimized by what are known as ‘Women's
Magazines'. She is a collage of every annoying

 

fashion trend of the Eighties (did i forget the

  
 

 
 

pittk bandana around her neck?) To say to
her. 'Hey. you look like a page out of Seven-
lcen.' might be misconstrued as a compliment.
Actually. she looks like parts of ion pages of
Seventeen. randomly pasted together.
Nobody looks good in a miniskirt. especially irt
February. I think that. as a male. 1 should start
disseminating tlte IlL‘WS that when I see a girl
'in costume.‘ 50 to speak. i feel insulted. Wlto
does site titink site's kidding? If those girls
think that men are stupid enough to fall for
that ruse of sophistication plagiarized from
Glamour. i feel sligltted [t5 rl niemher of my
gender.

“it's time to cltongo'tlthtgs. This is going to
hurt. but l' or going to attempt to hold a cort-
Jersalion with this objch (site made herself an
object when she stepped out the door that
night). She may actually be intelligent; who
knows what may lurk beneath that facade iltnt
announces. 'Hi. l'tn a human vacuum.‘ Thank
God she's not wearing it ponytail on one side.
Okay. go..."

i approached her. empty cup in hand. try-
irtg not to smirk. I smiled. "Hi." I said (ouch).

l‘l’li." site smiled back. She looked as if site
were about to complete it thought.

Long pause. I guess not.

"Having a good time?" i asked. What a line
- i deserve to lturt for that one.

"Excuse me? i couldn't hear l was listening
0 Michael. Don't you love this video?”

it took all the strength i had to muster a nod.
Mike lticcupped ltis way through “Billie Jean"
as we talked. (ltic)”Slte was more like a beauty
queen front a movie scene...'.'

“Let's go somewhere where we cart talk." i.
said. God. how shallow can i sound? l'm the
one who sltould be wearing the ponytail over
one ear. not her.

“My room is rigltt upstairs. let's go." she
said. i figured tltis was alright since she pro-
positioned me; and l certainly didn't have
designs on her.

"Why not?" i replied.
As she walked up the stairs ahead of me. i

.:

 

couldn‘t help but notice her stiff lamp-
shade/skirt sway back and forth. “i wonder
where that walk came from." i thought. "it
'ooks like a Mademoiselle walk to me."Her
' suite door offended me immediately; Garfield
memo board. Smurf stickers. and a Ziggy car
loan about dieting. i won't even get into that
now. tltat's an essay irt itself.

"By the way. l'm Elissa. E-L-l-S-S~A." she
said.

"Jeremy." i said. Of course she had to spell
her name: this school is 25 percent variations
on the name Elissa: Elisa. Alisa. Elysa. Alysa.
llysa. Alyssa. etc.. all written in gold cursive
around their respective owner's necks. As we
walked into the suiteroom. I knew immediate-
ly which desk was hers. Stacked on Lucite
trays were at least seven thousand tubes. jars
and compacts. and God knows how many
more were stashed away In her molded Tup-
perware "Gear" bag. At a glance. the names
read like the first fifty pages of Vogue: Estee
Lauder. Germaine Monteil. Lancome. Clini‘
que. Ultlma ll. No Maybelllne for this girl;'she
spent lots of caslt to play dress-up. l hadn't
seen so many vials artd bottles since ltlglt
school chemistry lab > it was scary. Nail polish.
cuticle conditioner. buffing polish. ltand
cream. body cream. moisturizers. hair spray.
ltnir gel. color Corrector. cover stick. founda-
tion. powder. eyebrow pencils. eyebrow
ltruslt. eye shadow. eye pencil. eye liner.
eyelash curler. mascara. cream bluslt. powder
bluslt. highlighting powder. contouring
powder. special effects powder. lip liner.
lipstick. lip gloss. a box of sixty-four Crayolns.
brushes. sponges. COHEL‘l‘erpr. and a can
of acrylic sealer. All totaled. it was equal to the
cost of a small imported automobile. l gasped.

"Something wrong?" she asked.

"No. not at all." i answered. staggered by
' the sheet investment. For a kick. i would have
tovud to have seen her closet.

"Listen. my roommate has it bandana on
the doorknob. that muons well. you
know..." ,

"Maybee another time. " i said. inciting for
the door. i felt intimidated by the spirits of
Lauren Hutton. Kim Alexis. lsabella Rosselini.

 

and d” the other beautiful spokeswoman
' whose names and reputations were being
slattderud on that desk. I was gone before she
knew it. _

The rest of the party scented boring without
it centerpiece. so I called it an early ttigltt. l

 

 

couldn't stop thinking about Elissa: l'm sure
that thch are some men out there who fall for
I that kind of sclfvproclaimed sltullowness - tltey
have been just (is deeply affected by the media
i as Elissa and hot kind to view women its dolls
to be drawn on and dressed up.T|tat is truly
snrl That night we had a lircl drill. right on time
at 3:30 ir.m. As I trudged down the endless
stairs. l squittlcd at n familiar form. It was
Elissa. bundled itt rl pink velour robe. only this
time she looked different: she looked. .ttt»
tructivu. The makeup had been semi-washed
off. and for once. it served its purpose. The re-
mains enhanced Iter features: the blush bluslt-
ed. the shadow shadowed and the liner lined.
instead of rurtning circles around her eyes.
Her ltair was gently tousled attd the simple line
of iter robe made me forget lampshades. int-
migrants. or any association with Opal Gard-
ner. If I didn't know better. i would have
sworn it was love at first-second sight. Of
course. It could never work: you know what
they say about mixed marriages. She'd get the
cat'and the house and l'd get a closet full of cut
sweatshirts and an old curling Iron.

   
 
  

 

 

  

 

