 

 

 

{w 4" up

w .. ., we: :2"vr:s€'3=‘ﬂ%‘5‘.$?:r

   
    
 
   
     
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
       
    
    
     

    

  

,-)h . . -. , 1‘

 

Werldieide'

 

. “Shiites tun marine»

. - Beirut
(ASSOCIATED PRESS; A U.S. Marine died
Monday of wounds suffered in daylong
clashes with Shiite militiamen. a Marine
spokesman said. Three other Marines were
wounded.

Maj. Dennis Brooks, the Marine
spokesman. said two Marines were slightly
wounded early in the day and two others suf-
fered graver wounds during an afternoon ex-
change.

  

One of those wounded in the afternoo ‘

L ' alumni/om PRESS‘D meson Y. JANUARYJI. I904

 :  . I  

t

. Italn medical decisions by parents. And he

died while awaiting a helicopter ﬂight for-:5
treatment on a U.S. Navy ship offshore. The ,

other was ﬂown to the amphibious assault
ship USS Guan for.treatment. Brooks said.

The dead Marine was not immediately
identiﬁed.

Vatican rebuts charge

Rome, Italy

. (ASSOCIATED PRESS)A German accused of

being a Nazi who was aided by the Vatican in
his escape after World War II claims he was
instead a leading ﬁgure in the resistance. Ita-
ly’s largest newspaper said Monday.

The article in Corriere Della Sera of Milan
followed a statement by the Vatican's of ficial
spokesman saying two church historians had
rebutted allegations in a U.S. government
document that the Holy See helped Nazi war
criminals flee to Latin America.

The newspaper said German Willy Nix. 78,
told journalists he had not been a Nazi but
part of the resistance and that he had been
held in a concentration camp before ﬂeeing
to Italy in I938. _

"We met with Nix...He told us his story of
belonging to the'anti-Nazi resistance. how he
never needed to seek refuge in the Vatican
and that he never fled to Latin America."
Corriere said. The paper did not directly
quote Nix.

Nation/wide.

 

 

 

Baby Jane defended

Washington.D.C.
(ASSOCIATED PRESS) The Reagan ad-
ministration is launching its strongest defense
yet of its position in the Baby Jane Doe case.
saying parents do not legally have the final
say‘ about medical care for a severely deform-
ed infant.

Assistant Attorney General William Brad-
ford Reynolds. head of the Justice Depart-
ment's civil rights division, said Sunday that
federal law confers civil rights protection on
children separate from that guaranteed to
their parents. ‘

In a speech to the American Jewish Con-
gress New York Metropolitan Council.
Reynolds noted that many state laws require
hospitals to seek court orders overriding cer-

Free lt'stinrnit

ASP Interest Meeting will be
held Wednesday. Feb. 1 at 7:30
pm. In LC 6. Anyone interested
In writing for news, sports. or
Aspects, or doing production
work please attend.

topic

Five Ouad Volunteer Am-
bulance Service will be the topic
of a free one-day conference on
the pest and future of the Civil
Rights Movement on Saturday,
February 4 at the New York
State Museum. beginning at
9:30 am. Call the museum at
474-5842 for information.

p.m.

tend.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

A Methemetlce Colloquium will
be presented by SUNYA Pro-
fessor Boris Korenblum on the
“Some Problems In
Fourier Analysis" on Wednes-
day, Feb. 1 at 4 pm. in ES 140.

Students for Mondale will hold
an organizational
Thursday, February 2, at 7:30
In Lecture Center 11.
Anyone interested in working
for Walter Mondale's presiden-
tial campaign is Invited to at-

said there must be an independent check ’on
whether a doctor's advice is based on medical
opinion or on bias against the handicapped.

Baby Jane Doe was born Oct. II in Port
Jefferson. N.Y.. with an abnormally small
head. excesss ﬂuid on the brain and spine
bidif‘a.

U.S. budget unveiled

Washington. D. C.
(ASSOCIATED PRESS)C0ngress gets its first
close-up look at President Reagan’s l985
budget this week. as Democrats express
suspicions ythat his plans for slashing deficits
by Sl00 billion through bipartisan negotia-
tionS'may be a political ploy.

In his State of the Union address. Reagan -

asked leaders of both parties to join him in
developing a “down payment" on the
deﬁcit, which is nearing $200 billion a year.

The president later told GOP leaders that
every area of spending would be subject to

‘ negotiations, but in the past he has staunchly

opposed reductions in military spending or
tax increases as deficit-solving measures.
Democrats have said they are wary of the
proposal and will wait to study.thc budget
closely before accepting his invitation.

Talks may resume
Washington. D. C.
(ASSOCIA TED PRESS) U.S. arms negotiator
Edward Rowny said Monday the United
States is p'repared to consider Soviet pro-
posals limiting U.S. nuclear weapons in
Europe in a tradeoff for curbs on long-range
Soviet weapons.

 

Rowny told reporters after a half-hour
meeting with President Reagan that' the
United States has prepared several packages
of proposals in hopes of getting the stalled
strategic arms discussions going again.
Towny said. “We are now in a position when
we return to the table rto make a
breakthrough."

“We have some concrete proposals on
trade-offs." Rowny said, and moves by the
Soviets to take up the deployment of Per-
shing 2 and cruise missiles in the Strategic
Arms Limitation Talks (START). in which
he is the chief U.S. negotiator. would not be
automatically turned aside.

Soviets losing clOut

. Washington, D. C.
(ASSOC/A TED PRESS) Two scholars. whose
research was behind the Kissinger commis-
sion’s warning that the Soviet role in Central
America threatens U.S. security. say the
panel overlooked new signs that Moscow has
lost clout in the region.

Robert S. Leiken, author of the l982 book
“Soviet Strategy in Latin America," said
“the Soviets have taken a much more reserv-
ed position in the hemisphere in the past cou-
ple of years," partly due to their own military
and political difficulties in Afghanistan and
Poland.

.liri Valenta, another expert on Soviet in-
tentions who testified before the commission.
said the panel's assessment of the Soviet
threat was “on balance...good.” but added
that the 'rcport should have noted a recent
decline in Soviet optimism about Central
America.

 

 

 

 

 

E .,

 

 

 

 

 

W
Nuke power sought

. Albany
(ASSOCIATED PRESS) Gov. Mario Cuomo
will ask the Legislature to approve a package
of bills to use nuclear power for job cxpnn.
sion, cut the state‘s reliance on foreign oil.
and continue energy planning.

The measures. announced during the
weekend, would:
-Give the Power Authority of the State of
New York the power to allocate available
base-load nuclear power from its FitzPutrict
nuclear power plant to companies that build
new facilities. expand existing ones or create
new jobs. Current law says such power can
be allocated only to industries that are heavy
electricity users and whose power costs are :1
significant portion of the value of their
manufactured products.
-Clarify and confirm the power of PASNY to
enter into contracts for the development of
power produced by water. refuse and wood-
powercd electric and steam-generating pro-
jects.
-Confirm PASNY's ability to buy hydroelec-
tric power from Canada and other out-of-
state sources.
-Update the state's energy master plan.

Mayors request aid

Albany
(ASSOCIATED PRESS) The New York Sittlc
Conference of Mayors has asked the State
Legislature to increase revenue sharing to
local governments by $95.9 million for the
fiscal year starting April i.

“There is a limit to how long we can tread
watcr."the organization‘s president. Cohocs
Mayor Ronald Canestrari said Saturday
while releasing a report calling for adjusted
formulas in the way state aid is given to local
governments.

Gov. Mario Cuomo propsed continuing a
cap on the state's revenue sharing program in
his proposed budget. meaning local govern-
ments would share $800,860,900 in aid,tltc
same amount shared annually since I980.

The revenue sharing program was original-
ly designed to enable local governments to
share in the growth ofstate revenues, but the
aid formula was capped at the $800 million
level in 1980 and hasn’t changed since then.

I

Fire halts Metro North

New York (‘iiv
(ASSOC/A TED PRESS) From l0,000 i0 |5.t)(l()
Metro North railroad commuters wct'c
delayed Monday morning when a truck fire
broke out in the tunnel under Park Avenue in
midtown Manhattan and halted all service.
the railroad said.

Thirteen trains were between 125th Street
and Grand Central Terminal around 8:00
a.m. when the service was shut down.

The fire was in the vicinity of 50th Street
and service was stopped both inbound and
out on the Harlem. Hudson and New Haven
division, said Danny O‘Connell. at
spokesman for the railroad.

 

meeting

Italian American Student
Alliance will meet on February 1
at 8 pm. in the Humanities
Lounge. All are welcome.

Big Brother - Big Sister Interest
Meeting will be held Tuesday,
Jan. 31. In LC 6 at 8 pm. For In-
formation caII Brad or Sharon at
457-5245 ot457-5237.

WCDBI91FM will
terest meeting on Wednesday.
Feb. 1 at 8 pm. In LC 2.

“A Different Image" will be
shown at Russell Sage College
as part of a Black Film Festival

on Thursday. Feb.2 at 11:80 am.
in Campus Center 105 at 140
New Scotland Ave., Albany. For
more Information call 270-2246.

The University Chorale will per-
form Cariorfi's Carmina Burana
on Sunday. February 5 at 3 pm.
Admission is free to the event
which will be held In the PAC.

College Young Democrats will

hold an In-

Communlty Supper at Chapel
House will be held Wednesday,
Feb. 1. at 5 pm. and the topic
will be Poetry and Song.

Human Services

Recital Hall.

 

 

 

meet Thursday.February 2 in HU
23 at 8:30 pm. For Information
call 457-7762 after 5 pm.

The Clifton C. Thorns Lecture’s
Second annual presentation will
deal with the topic "Health and
In China
1971-1983: Lessons for the
United States" on Wednesday.
Feb. 1 at 7:30 pm. In the PAC’s

Women's Intercollegiate Soft-
ball Team practice schedules
and roster Information is
available from Coach Rhenish
In PEC 329 or by calling
457-4535.

A Woman's Mlnyan will be held
on Saturday, February 4 at 10
em. at Chapel House. It In-
terested in participating call
Ellen at 457-7746. I

 

 

 

"Oral Histbry recor

By Alicia Clmbora
srnrr warren

Ifenthusiasm. ‘ 4' ' and r
were the only ingredients necessary for suc-
cess Ivan Steen and Katie Gurnett would be
problem free. .

Steen. an assistant history professor at
SUNYA. and his research assistant. Gurnett,
are in the process of compiling a series of
taped interviews. known as oral history.
which will record the recent history of
Albany. Oral history documents significant
cvcnts‘in history as related by the people who
actually lived through those times. As Steen
said. “What we're doing is preserving
something for the ages." Gurnett noted that
“Oral history is people telling what really
happened. It gets down the stories of people
we wouldn't otherwise have; it is something
you won’t get out of a textbook."

The task oi’collccting oral history is not an
easy one. said Steen. Interviews are con-
ducted by Stccn. Gurnett and trained
graduate students. All interviews are done on
tape and then transcribed. thcsc transcrip-
tions are then allowed to be edited by the per-
son interviewed before they are released for
inspection by residents.

The collection of oral history is a time con-
suming job. It is estimated by Slcctt that. tak-
ing into account the time nccdcd for
research. interviewing. transcribing,
auditing. editing and the finishing touches, it
takes about 40 hours ofwork to produce one
hour of interview. “It's a very slow process."
he added.

When the program was first initiated in
April of 1982. it was with the intent of mak-
ing the late Mayor Erastus Corning its main
focus, said Steen. According to Steen. Corn-
ing was to have been "our lead-off person in
an oral history program in this region."
When approached about participating in the
oral history project. Mayor Corning was
“very enthusiastic" about it and agreed to
cooperate in any way he could to help. Steen
snid. Unfortunately. he added. due to his
long illness and hospitalization with em-

- I

 

TUESDA y. JANUARY“. i934 ,El ALBANKSTUDENTPRESS 3,

Albany City Hall; Inset: the late Mayor Erastus Coming
The collection of oral history is a time-consuming job.

physema. only a half-hour of interview was
recorded before his death.

“It was a great loss in a variety of ways."
notcd Steen. “We lost the memoirs ofa uni-
que individual who came from a long line of
politicians. The loss can never be recouped;
he was a fascinating person, part of a
fascinating family." he added. Steen con-
tinued by saying that Corning’s father had
been responsible for bringing the Democrats
into Albany‘s political machine.

Steen said that he believes “very strongly
in the value of what we‘re trying to do.“ He

 

 

B Aileen Brown
STAFF Il'RI'l‘lz'R

budget officials.

he put aside until the nex' year."

Building to be repaired on campus

 

 

 

Roof repairs and new safety equipment are proposed for SUNY-Albany in a $3.3 million
recommendation in Governor Cuomo’s 1984 executive budget.

The funds. ifnpprovcd with the rest of the budget by the state legislature. will be used to
rcpztir seven leaky roofs on academic buildings. and to repair illltl rcplacc fire alarms,
sprinklers. fire doors. fire cxtcngttisltcrs and other safety equipment according to Cuotno

“This money is being alloctttcd as part ol‘zt continuing program in which repairs to the
structures of buildings are made throughout the SUNY system." said Hugh Tonhcy of
SUNY Central. “The request for tnoncy for repairs initially comes from catch individual
campus. and we allocate money on the basis of these requests. The most pressing requests
are funded first. and then those requests which we don’t have enough money to fund must

“There is a priority system in which funds are dispersed." said Chuck Thompson. on ad-
ministrator at SUNY Central. who is involved in the construction fund. “Roofs are a high
priority. They get priority preference. because they are cxtrcmcly important. If the roofs
are not repaired. eventually they will damage the rooms and objects inside the buildings.
which will lead to even more extensive repairs. By repairing these seven roofs at Albany, We
can avoid even more extensive and costlicr repairs at a later date." he said. _

Thompson further indicated that the number of repairs in the SUNY system were exten-
sive. "We can never get all the money we ask for for repairs. There just is never enough
money for all the repairs requested. The fight is being won to some extent. however."

     

Number of repairs is extensive in the SUN Y system. A

State Budget proposal to. include
funds to fix leaky roots on campus

14>

 

 

  

BOB LUCKEV UPS

 

feels that when people die, their memories go
with them. and "if we don't do this. no one
will ever really know what went on" in the 42
years that Corning was Mayor of Albany.
The kind of personal accounts sought after in
oral history are not to be found in the
newspapers or in the minutes ofa meeting. he
explained. "We have lost Erastus Corning's
view of 50 years of Albany politics." Steen
said.

Despite the loss of Corning. Stccn's cn-
lltusiasm for the project remains. As Stccn
said. "we’re recording the Corning years“
and there are still a lot of people around to
interview. Among the people in mind to in-
terview are Vic Lord, who was the head of
the liberal party under Coming. and Bill
chncssy. who was the Commissioner of the
Department of Transportation and is
presently the New York Stntc Democratic
chairman. ‘

In addition to tile Albany project. the oral
history program is also documenting the
years that Nelson A. Rockefeller was gover-

‘g

\

LAURA BOSYICK. Inset: WILL VURMAN UPS

nor of New York. Partial interviews have
already been conducted with members of the
Rockefeller administration such as the then
lieutenant governor Malcolm Wilson.

A new project being worked on by Gurnett
involves using Albany's inner-city youth to
obtain an oral history of Albany's black com-
munity. According to Gurnett. the project
will emphasize contact with community
leaders and scholars and will "give them a
rare look at local history."

The oral history program is one of
SUNYA's special programs which allows for
undergraduates as well as graduate students
to become involved. According to Gurnett,
they have 7~I0 students per semester doing
research for the program. The research to be
done in preparation for an interview is exten-
sivc and students who participate in the pro-
gram rcccive 3 credits, she added. Senior
Michael Stcmpler, who is a history major at
SUNYA. said hc found his work with the
oral history program “very interesting." He

1 7»

New phone system planned

By Betsy Eckel
smrr u mum

Ncw phones may be installed in the dorms
its part of a new multi-million dollttr
telephone system planned for thc cttmpus. ac-
cording to University officials.

Current plans for the new phone system
would include converting faculty and ad-
ministration phoncs to touch-tone lines as
part of an integrated voice and data system.
said the officials. The user could forward
calls to another extension. transfer calls
without operator assistance. and inform a
caller when a previously busy line is open.
This option could save SUNYA $8 million in
phone costs.

University officials are still studying
various options to determine whether or not
they will include .the dorms in the new
system. A final plan should be ready in
February. according to Leif Hartmark. Chair
of the Technology Coordination Committee.

Continental Telephone Company. the
lowest of II bidders. was recommended by
the Technology Coordination Committee.
Continental's bid of $2.9 million would in-
clude the plans for faculty and administra-
tion phones. For $5.l million. Continental
will include the four quads in the system as
well.

University Controller. Lco chcu. told
Universi/y News that “We anticipate that if
we remained with the present system over a
to year period. with anticipated increases in
costs during that time, it would cost us over
$I6 million. II‘ we choose the first option.
(facility anti administrative phones) however.
the total payments would be approximately
$7.3 million, which is almost half."

Whetltcr or not to install the new phones in

the dorms is one of the bigger decisions left
to be made. said chcu. "The whole purpose
is to save money. If there is a potential for
reducing costs by including the dorms. we
will." he added.

chcu explained that along with the other
cost-saving features. the new system will have
"least cost routing". He explained that when
the user dials a long distance number. the
system will automatically route the call
through the least expensive line which might
by SPRINT. MCI, or WATS. All the rates
will be Built into the system based on time of
day, destination, and the line used, he added.

But the feature only pays off if there is a
high volume of usage which could come from
the students, he added. “We just have to
decide whether adding the students and ob-
taining the high volume will be cheaper than
just including the faculty. If the residence
halls are added in to the system. students
could see a reduction in their long distance
phone bills after the initial cost of the system
is paid for." he asserted.

Included in the contract with Continental
will be an agreement to repair the system if it
breaks down.

Karen A. Zimmers. Director of Telecom-
munications in the Division of Finance and
Business told University News that she feels
the transition to the new system will be
smooth. “We will definitely be conducting
nwurcncss sessions where all users will receive
hands-on experience and training on the new
equipment." she said.

Continental representatives will oversee the
training and be available to answer questions
after the new phones are installed. site
added. [3

     
    

ds memories of Albany’s -

 

  

~>--%~'»ww '

 

 

 

 

     
  
    
     
    
     
     

    
   
  
   
   
  

  

