 
  
 

IALBAN

.. ,.

, .muﬁaw.»m...

 

tr

2/

 

 

 

 

Y STUDENT l’R/SSS l 7 TUESDAY APRIL J.\l”8‘f

l ~ tram Ural 

 

 

andings

 

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Derb

<7

pit Dr. Carter (our number two ranked t'i)lll
against Shale (our fourth-ranked (oltl. l'he
only other time these two colts tiiet was last
November when Swale won the Young
America at the Meadowlands and Dr. Carter
finished a poor third. However, the Good
Doctor is expected to he a heavy favorite
over Swale off his subsequent victory in the
Renfsen and strong second place finish in the
Flamingo. Many feel the Good Doctor would
have won the Flamingo had it not been for
i 3 some bad racing luck. His training has been
less titan sensational since that (lay and we
have to question his present form. Swale on
the other hand had a brilliant b-furiong work

 

stretch

Saturday April ii will highlight California's
iinal major prep with the inile-and-an-eighth
santa Anita Derby. This race will have
California’s top three year-olds facing one
another with Precisionist expected to be a
slight favorite over Fali Time and Althea.

 

Saturday in May, and is our pick iii the Santa
Anita Derby.A winner of almost $| million,
liili Time will have to learn to correct his bad
habit of loaling if he is going to be a serious
threat iii the Run for the Roses.

l'lte Arkansas Derby to be run on Sunday,
April I6, will feature Silent King, Taylor’s
Special and Swale; should all go well for him
in the Florida Derby. Silent King, trained by
Bud Delp of Spectacular Bid fame, has yet to
win a major stakes race, but does possess a
tremendous stretch run which should be
very.useful at Churchill Downs. However,

  

him. He, too, may be outclassed by the bet-
ter horses of his generation. A victory by
Silent King or Taylor’s Special would propel
that horse into the Derby as one of the top
choices. We expect Swale to be a little bit
too tough for them to handle in the Arkansas
Derby.

The mile-and-one-eighth Wood Memorial
should be the final Derby prep for Devil‘s
Bag, and we are hopeful for a rematch with
Time For A Change. Unfortunately Time For
A Change, the impressive upset winner f
the Flamingo, has been sick recently and
now is a questionable starter for both the
Wood and.the Derby due to the loss of
. valuable training time. We look for the Bag
v to win the Wood with or without Time For'A

these two colts should make him the favorite
in Louisville two weeks later.

The Bluegrass in Lexington, Kentucky, to
be run at Keeneland on April 26, will feature
the Good Doctor’s final Derby prep.

Change’s presence. A victory by either of

 

 
 
   
    
  
  
  

ETTERS

i ishonest relations

. the Editor:
i am writing in order to inform the student population at

 

  
   
 
   
 
  
  

 

Judy Toni, Business Managar
Lynn Saravia, Aasocials Buslnass Manager
Jana Hirsch. Rhonda WolMdvsri/slnp Managers
Mlka Krolmar. Salas Manager

Billing Accountants . . . .

   
 

. . . . . . . . . . .. Randoa Bohar

 

. Dav a a. t: o .
"tan. Mark suasman, Advanlalng Production: Laa Erickson. Dabra Fraaman.
Elaine Ftiedor, Jeanna Glibarq, Julia Mark. Ellyn Muto, Sharon Okun, Lynne
Slagai. Charolalia Shuba. Ellen Wisaman, Office Staff: Christina Elnnhl. Lin
‘15 Delaado. Marjorie Rosenthal

Sua Pachlnaky, Production Manager
Georg. Tatta, Associate Production Managar

cm'lTVPlllﬂlr . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . .. Lancoy Hoynian
Pasta-up: Ellasn Kaaii , an , o y, Dob Stakt, Typllil:
4"" ClPouola. Charyl Kaplan, Nancy Ktlllsn. Phyllis Leikowltz, Rana Lawon
hllun. chauttaura: Jerry Camplono, Eris Dori, staven Mankoii

     

Flimmunitin principally supplied by University Photo Service, a student
uraup.

Chlai Photograph": Ed MaruaalchuPs suit: Amy Cohan, Sherry Lao Cohon,
Lynn Droltua, Cindy Gaiway, Adam Ginsberg, Kenny Kirsch, Rachel Litwin,
Hobart Lucitay. Lola Mattaboni. Susan Etaina Mindlch, Jos Schwandnar, Llsa
stmmana. Hobart Soucy. Erica Spatosl, Warran stout, Dave Strick, Jamas
Valsnlino.

Entlra aontanta copyright to tttu Albany Studant Frau Corporation, all
"Ohio roa nod.
The Albany Studsnt Press In published Tuesdays and Fridays betwsan

Mr. Schaffcr has only served to reinforce the division by
utilizing his position to gain political support from both
groups without-regard for the issue at hand.

RZA duplicates services provided by JSC-Hilicl and
secondly, it is against SA policy to fund a political group.

phrase in the ASP?

"Why" is the question we should be asking the ad-
ministration here at SUNY—A. Because tltc service is run by
sittdcnt volunteers; the costs to run the service are very low.
What more could the administration ask for? if they can't
ask for more, then why docs it scent like they are looking a
gift horse in the mouth?

Many letters to the editor and columns have been written
encouraging everyone to put ‘prcssurc oit tltc administration
to reinstate the service. My purpose in writing is not the
same. What we are dealing with is a grcatcr issue than solely
the "Don‘t walk alone" escort sevicc. We must not only find
a way to get the program operating again but we must also
question why we are facing such a major battle with our ad-
ministrators over a program that has proven to be beneficial
to all tiic students here. One must wonder about the priorities
of otir leading body if this program has taken a back seat.
Ont.- rumor in answer to all of this is that the adminismitors
seem to feel that having the service will cause a panic and fear
throughout the campus and community. if this is in fact a
truism then we must again question their priorities.
Shouldn't their main goal be to provide the maximum possi-
ble amount of safety for the students here to make this a safe
learning environment? What could be more important? is
the image ofSUNY-A being an unsafe place to walk at night

, i

Case of sensationalism

To the Editor:
Never in my college career have I seen such a case of sensa-
tionalism as i saw in your article on Friday, March 30. about

- ﬁ NYA that our Student Association President, Rich Sch'af- For these reasons. the budget committee made the right deci-
» r, is a liar. At the beginning of this school year, I. as an ac- sion not to fund RZA. lhc "llSPfhllS in the snide!" VOfu- Your editorial 0“ the
 ho _  I A  c and concerned member of JSC-Hillcl. went to Rich As an elected representative of the students,’l cxpcct Mr. Sﬂmc topic WIS ﬂhSOhIlel)’ beyomi helm. The WHY h W35
’ -haffcr and voiced my Iconcern about another Jewish Schaffcr to make well informed decisions based on honest, worded, those who worked on the Voice were presumed guit-
‘ ~ _ oup, namclyRZA. receiving funding from SA. Mr. Schaf— open relations with his constituents. the students. In this ty until proven innocent. “Circumstances make it very dif-
Dryden w L I pig . [assured iIrie,daIlong with Streamer people that, “RZA will - case, he hasInoi carried out this obligation. limit to believe that these mistakes were indeed accidental.
. ' l'lte Intramural softball season has begun With ' "Ml" “" "3 hro'“ I- h meetings I have had With Sharon Wahiberg Were they an attempt to make SIchaffer look bettcrIthan his
l’usli Down &Turn it t 3 l4 "0," wmihur and grounds nm, in Shams 11“. r- ISIChﬂm: 0V5“ fIlIDBSI' IIGW months. he has contiucd to ‘ opponents? (I)r wcrc they,I amidst all the suspicrous cir-
fhe Dinks ti 4 l ii (mm in“. [0 W m p“, mum rhonmavm wlm y. RIZA s too-p0 tica or SA to fund and they should    'bl cumstanccs, simple production mistakes?"
I y I , I 5 .4 2 ll - I , ~ I . . I I‘ . I I I j I I ork with the established Jewish group on campus." namc- p  y Who! suspicious circumstances? The fact that it’s election
Mcan Littlt Kids despite the conditions liavc, With lt\\ (M t p Hm I U [0' n l I lb n d h , - -
Mm w/oiilanwic- 4 5 ,2 it) IIOIIII “Hod III” “New and made (luv Wilh “w ,JSCI c. n r u a cy. c cvc w at Mr. Schaffcr I time? Why is it so hard to believe that the mistakes werejust
M‘oondogs .l ii i) t: IIIIIIII'km as telling me- To the Editor: I I that- mistakes? The ASP makes numerous typographical cr-
' L t i Inc M ii is one of the most balanced fields . . Sludcl“ Assm'alw“ l5 “0'3”le undertaking battles for ""53 I don" 5" “YONG lilaCkinB Dave Laskirt for trying to
I his I I I t - I I- I I , II I IIIIII III. III I m in the March 27,1984 Issue of the ASP. it was noted that students rights. However, lately the largest battles facing SA mil“? S°m¢°h¢ l0°k bld- 0' Should I wondﬂ Whe'h" lhe
. ‘ - mI WWI," “ﬁlolrly SigL‘fmnlwzftlilelYS-li“ Bowdkmd he budch committecIdcnicd funding for RZA. stating that, have bccn internal ones. For months, students, the ASP and WP“ l“ Cf-‘hll'll Coumll Academics Chill“ ROXIM Alhond's
vachon w L 1' pts - :iII‘Hnli'ISS'IlC‘IIlI‘I‘II E‘hLlI’I-Iwmncs SIIy'insidurS hm‘m“ ‘RZA duplicates scrvtces prIovrded by JSC-iilIillel,Iand RZA candidates have been pointing towards "the petty political lcllt-‘I’ 0" Friday (“‘POlliiCS' are uhahOldlhle ht any Smut)!
folding of many HIM franchises hIMI, I‘lluwed stoo political to be funded. Schaffer said, IIthctssuc haIsa games plaguing SA" which have hindered “efforts to ad- whcre lcadrs are clcctcd.") are an attempt to discredit her
supin'eis it) | i) .ll) )Iimu ICIIIIIHIIIIDI; ‘I.I')r mIIIIY Imwnnm COIII reader range. He continued to saythaIt he. has not dccrd; drIcss rcaIItssucs.” According to SA president Rich Schai'fcr, statements?
«in Ineliriation 9 .2 ii iii {IIIIIILIII‘ ThL‘I BIII MIIIIIIIIIIS IIIIII The BIIICk d whether or noI: to mcludeIIRZA in hisIbuIdgel proposal. this contributes to "unfairly depict a relationship which has I
Rm 3 Rama-5 i) g () jg KIIIIIIIII; IIII IILIIIIIIcI IIXIIIII'IIIIIIII I hcn l approac cd IMr. SIc affcr Ion this issue he replied, not atlcctcd the operations ofIihc Student Assoctation." Of course the errors in the Voice were serious ones.IThcy
N.‘nuil(t\§ 3 3 I It LIII IItILI IB IIIIIkII III “II “III most IIIIIIIIIIIIHIW ‘ RZA probably won i receive funding but i htItIvcn i made a As the current SAI Vice-President, i can honestly say this is sitould never have been allowed to make it to the printer;
Skaliooi'liy Bids 5 l) t) it) Ind ‘lﬁ’IIIIILISt rough! for (“Vision IIS numeral”; final dcctslon. l couldn t tell that to the AS . uittrttc. SA 5 ncgattvc press coverage, political squabbling cvcn Mcdia Director Stacey Young admits this and has ac-
, City Buys forfeit ‘_ cf I , I D II- I “n I .mm )5 the A” II I I I I and tire simple fact that I feel the need to write this letter is ccptcd full responsibility. By biowrngthcissuc out ofpropor-
 Mllh“ 3’ tiff- blr‘mis- IL IU“ Il‘th“ tI Il III I I I if I Asa chrsh student on campus I am asking for the backing cvtdcncc of thc gross inaccuracy of his statement. tion, candidate Tim Ha‘llock and the ASP have attempted to
lmlmlom' haw .w )u'lt “I,” “‘k I’t'b'llan IOI ' of the SUNYA community to support my plea of not rc- Wltiic Mr. Schafl‘cr is ‘running on his record' pcoplc con- discredit Rich Schaffcr and cast doubt on the honesty of
infielder-extratirdirrare Al on f(lg if) Ilt‘NI”: . electing Mr. Schaffcr President. This can happen to any limit: to criticize his efforts. He views this as ‘ttnctlticul at- those who put out the Student Voice. without proof or even
smith W I_ T Pis Wh'lﬁ .m'l'l‘g‘u'llI lllLlIAlIlLll.lI§.'1()I SOT tints  A gI’OUPIODIcahipus- I I tacks‘ on his leadership. As the incumbent, ltc must be able circumstantial evidence.
I lh‘f‘ ' “l IW” I l “a “5‘5 ‘I’- l’I' L IUI~ “I: l I I . .lSL-Htllcl is one of the largest SA litndcd groups on this to acc‘cpt criticisms of his administration if lie is to accept any All tliisjtist goes to prove that the ASP is not and can not
I ksnunrv “f [)niw t) .2 ii iii RIIU'I" "i ‘lln‘I‘hs'I ()llIlIUr Slit); lhé‘ijrgé’n If‘m‘  campus. it is made tip of Icoiitmittccs that scrveIIlic social, positive comments on his term in office. be objective in Student Association clcciions. And yet these
. Tm,“ V'Imm. it ,3 i) tr,  IIa witin ItIcIiii tnIIOt; IWIIII Ihe CbOIIIIIcI of I _ cIttllurttI. chlucttonal and religious Inccds ofIihc chrsh poptila- All year long, SA mctnbcrs have bccn resigning from the same pcoplc claim the rigltt to endorse candidates for the top
(km-Imp“ 7 .t (j 14 RI'lI‘ 'tC‘IlOIltI'rI “II I‘I’a I is” Ind IIIILI Sub (EIIII) titIin  this campus. Since RZA s Itnccptton, the leadership liotisc thatIthh bitilt because iltcy no longer wished to play positions is SA. No other newspaper on campus has the wide
0mm” 4 7 r) g 'LLlI ‘I‘HItzrii I“ I ‘IKImI I i ‘ I I I II S with [Q I I' t)l .lSC-Htllcl has tried to workthth iliisI faction. l sec no the game. The game in SA is similar to a traditional party distribution necessary to effectively endorse candidates. Asa
Swim.” “mm “my.” LtthLI II “5 (l ’31:?“ ( L“ "I L“;I‘ from  I reason why the chtsitIcIoniinuntiy 0n lhtS czuantts ttccd to [toss and his machine. The machine is there to help you but reader of the ASP, I am skeptical about your objectivity. As
_ Frame Shift Mttlaiions l'tiit'eit ‘Ilr “IO llhl‘"Y~I it rf’nhnu'Iul 5I I II‘I-I ~ reflect the Jewrih condition in the worltLDIVlDlzl). only It you continuously siippori it. There is a philosophy of a Central Council ttictiibcr, i am outraged at the sensa-
ht‘ii‘lt‘blwi lljt‘I Tallaunners. “Vt l0 “I‘d/“ltd” I,I ‘dcslroying onc's opponcitts’ \VltL‘Ittt:\'t:l' the machine is op- tioniili/cd attack which has been launched on the people with
' “ill” llw solllmucrs (M)’ and Hurley 5 Yuma.  POSL‘d- whom i work and who i trust much more than the so-cttllcd
limits. I I II 3 Political favors arctitt cverprcscttt factor in SA. it has been “news”, that i see printed in our sttidcrit ncwspticpcr.
Esposlto W l T PlS LIi-‘JHUC 3 llI-lIh' (‘lillllIISlrtImg teantIs aftd at this written that “the same people continue to lie appointed to —-Alllsun Percy
- lm'nl “WOW? 5 Hill-‘th 5 ‘15 800d “5 80 (l. positions" while others who try to get involved "ttrc not able Student Services Clrrrir
IJllt l’ret int'i it) '| t) 2.’ The col-"'5 “0}”? ".llIo 2A1?) 4% 2“ Show? '; I I to break through the barriers." The SA prcsidcnt has a Colonial Quad Rc/mtt'crrtalive
Sheeting Sv-llllt‘" ll 9 1 U l” he. very (l'ﬁnjlwllmitl ml“ .530. I Ill", f, dolkd‘lm -,' lfIt'lilL‘iiItlous Itimount of power. witcri lic surrounds hitiisclt'
“rpum'ydrry (, 3 t) |_) M'kﬁIBL‘ U  l‘I’lI'xI‘I‘ I on; (If:  f‘It'IbIILI/IIIIII ' with lrtciids tn litgli plI'accs Iwho constantly support him, then Ed_ ’ I
N," Romunsthkt a r, t t) TI IL gunman I‘h LIj‘IbU‘I’i, II' I)“ BIIChLeS hem I .-I  this power is substantially increased. Rather titan work with "or 5 "0‘9-
5n,ikr-5 4 7 t) it i , Rafmd 0 ( Ln “ 5 IL "‘5 b " llIlOSL‘ \VhO (IllsagIrtItc thh hIS DOIIUCS. Mr- SL'hallcr Ol'lt‘n The Albany Student Press editorial clearly criticized no one
' . ' r "H . I‘mt‘eit ‘ ' . . » 0100505 '0 S “In "5 OPDOHL‘NS- in SA. but SA as a wiiolc. The mistakes in Tire Student Voice
5mm mmh l)'"‘ n "l l“ Emlle ll l00k5 lOIl’eIone 0‘ “‘9 m0“ hOtIY I - mummdm 1m Withclcctions in just one week, i hope that students will were not used to favor or discredit anyone. Where this intcr-
. ' I conleSlEd Yea”? ever "1 50mm” and only the t ‘r " ’ ‘ o-‘vta'L.L. Lllitln, Editarirr Chisi votc objectively and truly review this year's administration. prcialjun on. rat.- and hon“. cdiwrial comes from remains a
  elements ‘slitltd In tiS Wl‘y. : ‘ Jarry camplanc. Patricia Mitchall, Managing Editors Thch are 3 0mm. Viable candida!“ for [he posilion of SA InysmryI
,. l "mum.  . _ . . , , . , . , . , . , . , , _ . . . , . , “unmatcmua president. It is my opinion. as an insider, that any one of
ROSCh W L T Pls Player Goals Team —‘_"“_‘—  A N .JansAndoraon,JlmO'Suiiivan those applicants is a better alternative than another year of
- The Deal ‘) .1 U I” H- I I 28 shaming gmmcn H Congratulations to Nice ’n Easy, the Lions,   ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' "éj§pj,:ll."rj(:,::m "‘9 Same leaflcrsml’t A5 my "in" l“ 0m“ end-9i 1 “file a“ '0 Ar b d d
lieai Me 0'.) it Hi M “1"” )4 “10mm and liasy as Puff. Nice 'n Easy survived a three I » JonnuN-chaln V°l° FCSDOHSIle- m  
Gladiators ii i ii if) ll‘mmm ; I ,H P , .- l game brawl against the very tough Cash Money .' j»  I IIIII  —.leff Schneider '
Uri” club _’ ll ii -i (I’Olllln  k l  tor the League 2 championship. The Lions lotik-   A II  Macharman,Ksllh Mardar SA Vice'Prmde"! To the Editor-
: ~ ‘ ._ . . , , , , , ' not: a a . '
Don t( time/Crease 3 t) it I-t |I\.tI\vtt/ LII IIIIIIIVIII KIIIS i-d awesome as they stiIutIc kctl Iby tht. Bl ngalII sponuu.m:,$ﬁ'o I “533335.32 9 Tomorrow April 4th, will be the iéih anniversary of the
/\ Ti ant loitt ll Sit in I I I IIII PIIIIIIIII Express. john Saltcr, Strvt Dt lgado and Mtkt IrI.iittmtnItulip-stirrer.... ...... .. Edward Reina!   e  asmssmauon or [he RWI Mam" Lulher King Jr The
Manley .5 (“IIIIIHIIWIII Bonk I’l“Y1‘(IlIhl|llt‘rl’lV- IIa-«v A: Pet won levy smith?dissentersat.an;as;aifléilii‘if'ahtiﬁli’éif “New” °l "1‘5 8m" American- and our indebtedness
* l-k‘W ll “with will” lml" ll“ l lYlllb Dl'btlns- II“ Mark Lavina, Gall Morroll, Wayne Paeraboom, Holly Fraatl, Anthony sltbar, To the Editor: to liim, must never be forgotten. i look forward to
MCIOChE W L T “5 lilon 30 DN'W Stack, atid Thunder Dttttdas led the way. llie Lin $iraln. Editorial Aaaiatanto: Alicia Clmbora, Ian Clements, Joe Fuaco. “Donn walk alone" has becomca familiar phrase on cam. celebrating his birthda as a n t' l l to '
- v . 7 1.1(tl)ri‘lli()I] puff Ills” U) ) wd [he Ll.“ ,UC 2 downmwn “m, Christina RstialtstanwrtlomAIlaan Browu.stavc Bryson,MlchattoBuanar. I , . I  I I a tona tot Iay |In the for-
um «i all I l . b _ Jeanna Can-van, Kevin can... Betta Dzambs. Ronald Brant Gatstsn. Judy pus smcc It made the front page of the ASP. For those of you lhcomma years. Our nation is indeed progressing. it only. ltl-
Attiat ltllli's l I t) t) l.’ I iUHImd ti) Waste l’i'odut ts m’t‘r lliL‘I *1"th Diliiillli l" LCK‘RUC l (lo‘Vl‘li’W'l Gmhwlnd. Adam Goodman. Ben Gordon. Bob Hanlon. Hobart Hares. Etlc who still are unaware ofthe meaning oi‘this catchy phrase, it Ile by little. ‘
Puck ottIsI I 8 Ii () Iii (Imhlmki It) Nut Rlic'nmcihtu liIarrIy bIIterlitItl, and . MartyI CrIoIs’sntan liI‘tlI    is the name of a volunteer student escort service that was SOImC nIaiionS. however, are still kept in darkness. But one
' th‘l" l,”"l'~'Ll5 Z 4 H H gr-hmrw it) - l he Dinks C’tlLkC” ‘0 -‘ WWW “‘ii lf‘ l"Jlm \"LlOTY- ‘ Skolnlck. Alan Somitln, tan Spelling.Rickswanson,Meaan Gray Taylor, Ferry operating out of the library lobby last semester. its main pur- only In this world binds its people in slavery to a masterclass.
lerry’s l\|(l5 ) f) it It) ‘ ' ‘   Mark Wiiusrd,John pose was to assure that ALL siudcnts got to their dcstina~ I refer. 0f Course. to that bastion of racism. South Africa.
i . . a . tr [ions on campus safely! So, Why do we keep seeing that and its system of apartheid. The tragedies of that nation are

great; the subjugation of 26 tnillion blacks who are denied
citizenship (compared to 4 million whiic “citizcns"); the re-
quirement that all people of color carry passbooks at all
times throughout their whole life, after tltcy have turned to
years of age; the law that says blacks cannot legally ca'rn
onc-twcntictlt thc wagc of a white person for the same work.
Nccd i go on?

As an American, i am appalled at this 20th ccntury slave
society. i am equally appalled that my country continues to
support tiic South African government. The world cries out
at llicsc injustices. but we Americans who cry with our sisters
and brothers are not heard in Washington. Perhaps then, we
will be heard in Albany.

Recently, a bill has been introduced into the New York
State legislature that would prohibit the State of New York
from investing public funds in corporations or banks that do
business with the nation of South Africa. To date. the great
states of Connecticut, Michigan, and Massachusetts have
already passed similar laws. I urge everyone to write letters to
the Governor and their State legislators in support of this
bill. in the Senate. Scti. Leiciiicr has introduced 8-7835. and
in the Assembly. Assembly member Farrell will soon be sub-
mitting the lower house version. Over 539 corporations iti-
vcst in South Africa which amounts to over $15 billion in tax
revenue cacti year to that nation. As a South African cxile

s‘ fxvana-v‘m». A

   

Although we expect him to win easily, the
race could come up to be a bit tougher than
anticipated if he is forced to face the Santa
Anita Derby winner.

In any event the Derby is shaping up as a
great race, so when Mayfest is over and the
school is finished watching the Pretenders,
we look for Devil’s Bag, Dr. Carter, Fali
Time, Time For A Change and Swale to be
our Derby contenders. At 5-] on the win r
book we are sticking with the Bag. T

 
    
  
 
  

in Hot over the weekend and appears
ready for a major effort. Inspite of Swale’s re‘
cent loss to 40-] shot Darn That Alarm iii the
Fountain (if Youth, we look for him to once
again upset the Good Doctor.

Regardless ofwhich ofthe two wins, Swale
and Dr. Carter should both run extreriiely
well and continue to prove themselves as ge-
nuine Derby contenders. Darn That Alarm,
Counterfeit Money, Dancing Crown and the
others appear outclassed by the top two.

August and Julio by the Albany Student Press Corporation, an Indapandant
"M4071" orporatlon.

ra written by the Editor in Ohio! with members of tha Editorial
policy to aubtact to rsvtaw by the Editorial Board. Columns arc written
by "William of tha university community and do not necessarily represent
“39"” Dolley. Advertising policy doaa not necessarily retitict editorial
90 ﬂy.

:tncc said. “Once South Africa is starved, they'll be forced to
istcn."

in America, Martin Luther King Jr. spoke not only against
ractsm here, but throughout the entire wafld. 'Accordingly,
April 4th has been designated the National Anti-Apartheid
Armband Day. Everyone is urged to wear armbands (of any
color) to indicate their opposition to continued US support
of the racist South African government. Won't you join in
this struggle for freedom and justice?

an image we can’t afford to have? Do the administrators feel
that we are exempt from claiming our share of the robberies
and rapes reported in the national statistics? Did the ad-
ministration at Cornell University feel exempt? is any college
campus exempt?

Let us not stop proposing these questions until it is clear to
the administration that it can’t look away in fear of “Rock-
ing the boat." The costs are too high! The costs are our safe-
ty and well beingi

his inability to beat lesser competition makes
us believe that he should be outclassed by
the upper echelon of this year's three-year-
old crop. Taylor’s Special was a recent im-
pressive winner in the Louisiana Derby
where he beat Silent King by a length. A
winner of eight of l2 lifetime starts, he is
bred to be a sprinter and a tough horse to
judge having already outrun his pedigree,
winning races that should be too long for

Precisionist, a speedball who is not bred to
go the Derby distance, does hold a decision
over Fali Time in the recently run San Miguel
mile. Althea, a daughter of the great Alydar,
is our sentimental pick, bitt seems to be over-
matched.‘ Although she is two-for-two
against fillies this year, site does not appear
to be as sharp as she was last summer when
she beat colts. The lesser bred Fali Time ap-
pears to be California’s best hope on the first

Mailing address:
Albany Student Pro , C 320
1400 Walhlnalon Ava. I
Albany. NY “222
(51.) 46189921332233“

 

—Luuren Burstln Brian F. Van Grol

 

 

 

 

 

   

