 

l
t

a.» 1;. ,...4L.,_-.... 

\

 

 

 

.‘aﬁma.’ 21‘" ,-

 22%.:

  

       

'~ .I r. 1- -
.t... J" ' ‘

.a .. tuft” 1.: cast; 1 no - 'd-  '
ALBANY» obsaiiwnemrrkrm ,"MA'RCH“23,“'I98

 

 

 

" 

‘ 7 “A. DREAM DEFERRED

 

- YOLANDA Ktue

(Daughter of
Dr._ Martin Luther King Jr.)

Tuesday March 27th '
‘ 8pm
CC Ballroom

$1 iw/ tax sticker $2.50 w/out

Tickets Available Tuesday in .
‘ CC Lobby and at Door

9' 57“ Concert Board
Proudly Present

HO AND

NNYMEN

 

.......-at the Union College Gy
' on March 29 '

Win'a Tent and Sleeping Bag
‘for 'TWo courtesy Of Andy’s
Sporting Goods

 

 

 

    

 

SA Funded 1

Union Cottegéill'

 

' Listen to 91FM for the ECHO......
- + _-.~r

i} 'M' . "'

 t .'.'.—‘...{. a" J i
rid-See’s

<15 .
and this job. perhaps more than any. carries
a great deal of practical responsibility.
Brusco is responsible for overseeing all the
financial endeavors of our intercollegiate
teams.

Mlkc also works at the Campus Center in-
formation Desk. doling out phone numbers
and guiding tours. “Giving tours is always
lots of fun." Mike remarked. if you‘ve ever
seen a tour in progress and chuckled. perhaps
humorously recalling the time you look the

 

tour. you can imagine how much fun giving a
tour would be.

Fun, that is the key for Mike Brusco. That
is where the motivation arises. Mike puts it
all in perspective. "I do it all as a hobby.
Each job is a hobby. i couldn't do it for a liv-
ing or get paid for it. That would lake the fun
out of it."

Of course we all can‘t be as involved as
Brusco has been. but the message that
perhaps eminates from his legacy is simple.
Have fun. . l l

All-American

<Back Page
strokes."

Another swimmer that considered the Na-
tionals a learning experience was Pearl. “We
were a little bit otrt of our league. and that's
good for us to learn from.” said Pearl. “The
talent was so much better‘than us; Our team
was only two-tenths slower than ortr entry
time (time needed to qualify for the Na-
tionals). so i think we did fairly well."

Pearl was almost glad that the relay team
didn't place. Said Pearl. "it‘s good for 115 to
get blown out at the end of the season. That
way. it doesn't make us satisfied with what

we did. Losing will give me motivation and
inspiration to work harder for next year."
An added bonus is that Elie and Pearl are
jttst freshmen and Monahan is still a junior.
“To have two freshmen with Nationals ex-
perience is really something." said Shore.
“They saw people go fastenand they realize
what can be done with proper training."
The Nationals were a seemingly unat-
tainable goal that became a reality. Next
year's team can set their sights on the premier
meet, knowing that several of their learn-
mates havc already tasted the frtrits. Perhaps
the main dish. becoming All-Americans. is
yet to come. Time will tell. I l

Jury’s turn in Ernie Cobb’s
hoop point shaving trial

. New York, NY

Both sides have taken their final shots in
the trial of former boston College basketball
star Ernie Cobb. and now a Brooklyn federal
court jury must decide whether he took part
in a plot to fix ganres in the 1978-79 season.

Cobb. 27. of Stamford. Conn.. a 5-foot-
ll-inch guard who became BC's third—
highest career'scorer. won tryouts with the
New Jersey Nets and the Utah Jazz of the
National Basketball Association.

He and his co-defcndeant. Pclcr Vario —
the 47-year-old son of a reputed Brooklyn
organized crime captain —— face up to five
years in prison if convicted of conspiring to
eonrmit sports bribery. Vario. who allegedly
was one of several New York bookmakers
brought into the scheme. also faces five years
for interstate travel in furtherance ol'a crime.

The case was expected to go to the jury to-
day aflcr U.S. District Judge Leonard Wex-
lcr issued his final instructions.

Jtrstiec Department prosecutor Jerry Bern-
stein contcnded dtrring closing arguments
Wednesday that Cobb. who took the witness
stand in his own defense. in effect admitted
his won gtrilt by saying he look $71,000 to
"cover the point spread" in a BC gatnc early
that season. He also said Cobb‘s explanation
for the payment —— that it was for him to play
well. rather than deliberately play badly —
was “preposterous.”

Cobb's lawyer. David Golttb. said the
$l.000 his client admitted taking “was the
come-on. the lure." intended to draw him in-
to a gambling plot but that he resisted.

As for the government‘s charge that the
money was a payoff for deliberately letting
Harvard keep the score close. and thus allow
gamblers betting on Harvard to use the
“point spread" to win. Golttb said: “it's not
a critnc to have tr bad game."

Cobb changed his story somewhat
Wednesday as lie was cross-examined on the
H.000. which Rocco Perla sent via Cobb's
girlfriend, Laverne Moseley.

Perla was one of five tnen. including
former BC player Rick Ktrhn. convicted in
the scheme in 1981. Four of them. including
Kuhn. testified at cobb's trial in an effort to
get their prison sentences of four to ten years
reduced. _

Under questioning from his own attorney
on Tuesday. Cobb maintained that he never
did anything for the money except predict in
Novetnber 1978 that his team would win an
upcoming game against Stonehill. a small
local college that was no match for BC.

On Wednesday. however. Cobb said the
money was “to cover the spread" in a game
against Bentley. another small school. The
money was paid on the night of the Harvard
game. more than two weeks after the
Stonehill and Bentley contests.

Bernstein contended that Cobb and other
BC players were to be paid to keep their
team‘s score down in key games against big
schools. and that Vario and other gamblers
who were bribing them would make money
by betting on BC‘s opponents.

Cobb said Wednesday that he had met
Perla in November 1978 and that Perla had
told hitrr he planned to bet on BC games. in-
cluding Bentley.

: “l agreed to win the game. yes," Cobb
said. “I don’t know about agreeing to cover
the spread."

Berstcin asked moments later: "He (Perla)
just walked up and said. 'l‘m going to give
you $l.000 if you beat the point spread on
the Bentley game?‘ "

“Yes. sir." Cobb replied.

Cobb said he nc ver heard about any point-
shaving plot until late in the season. when he
said Kuhn and Perla asked him to allow BC
to lose to St. John‘s by a wide margin.

“i said absolutely not." Cobb testified.

Berstein had charged that Cobb helped
shave points in two earlier games, a Jan. it)
loss to Rhodc Island ttnd a Feb. 3 victory over
Fordham. ‘

V.” w. ..

J.

 

 

 

1 t SUNY OutdoorBasketball Tournament

RULES:
1. No more than 8 people on a team.
2. Teams must be entered before March 31.
3. Tournament will be double elimination.

For more Information call:
Kurt Walton at 438-7636. before 7 p.m.

 

 

 

’4;

 

  

 

 
 

By Keith Murder
Assoc“ rs SPOR rs EDITUR

At the end of last year the Albany State
men’s tennis team graduated four of their top
six singles players including Captain Fred
Gaber and number ortc singles Barry Levine.
Those losses caused people to lose conﬁdence
in the team that had won the SUNYAC
championship the previous four years and
had many skeptics fearing the end of the
"dynasty."

But Dave Ulrich and Rob Karen who
played number one and number three singles
respectively this past t'ttll proved to be

everything thix young squad needed to win
their filth SUNYAC championship. They

 

 

UPSV
Co-captaln Rob Karen has compiled a
60-22 record here at Albany State.

  
   

played impeccably on the court. and showed
leadership before. during and after the game.

The caliber of their play did not come as a
surprise to anyone who has followed the
team. Since their freshman year both have
contributed to the success of the team. At last
count Karen‘s record at Albany was 60-22
while Ulrich has compiled a 52-29 record. in
addition. Karen has won the SUNYAC
championship in all four of his tries and
Ulrich his last three after being stopped as a
freshman.

“Rob and Dan: ttre the epitome of cup-
lttirts." said teammate Jay Eiyetrbctg. “They
are an awesome e\:ttnplc of composure and
talent. They hate won the rcyt‘ccl ol
everyone on the tenth." -

Right lit-lore the titllsL‘t ot' the lit“ curri-
pttigu. l‘ik‘ilsl Coach llob l,L‘\\l\ was kept off
the sidelines llccttltsc of :r bacl. Injury. lt \\i|\
then that l_c\\i\ had to call on lll\ two |ctldcty
to aid his lL‘plilCClllL‘lll. .litrr Serbulik. ltowcycr
|MtssllllL'. They responded tcttiticttlly as the
Ulticlr~Ktttctt-Scrbulik combo led the l)i\llL'\
to their fifth \ltttighl SUNY-\L' crown.

"’l'ltey mrtde my year at pcicc ol cake.“ said
Sctbtrlik. “Those guys more or less led by cv
ample. Tire chemistry on the rcttm in thc tail
was good because the trrrdcrclttumcn saw
that Ulrich and Karen had faith in wltttt l was
talking about."

According to Ulrich. it takes more than
good captains and coaches to win rt con-
fcrctrcc title. “They are all good players.“ he
said. “Rob and i just had to take the lead
and show therrr the way. “We just had to
keep their confidence rrp. When a team has
confidence they usually play well."

“We are definitely the leaders of the
team." said Karen speaking about llitltycll'
and Ulrich. "The wholc team is solid and
they know they cart count on us. We are an
extremely close group.

"We just try to keep tlte learn spirit tip. It
is really important not to be wild and to play
the rigltl kind of tennis. We have to st.‘l a con-
sistent example for tire tcam." Karen explain-
cd.

ulnar. Alumna»; cr  

Ulrich and Karen leading the ten-nisftearnln style 

 

 

ups
Co-captaln Dave Ulrich lungos with his backhand tor a low shot in action this tall.
Ulrich is playing number one singles this year.

the ftth that the two work sit well lugclllct
comes as no stllprisc to tluwe who know
them. They hate been clmc lticnds sincc Day
One at Albany State. “We were l'tmllllllitlcs
for two and a ltalf years.“ said Karen. "Dow
is a great person in general: we work well
together."

Although they have botlr enjoyed il-
lustrious careers at Albany. one thing has
allttdcd them both tip to now: a trip to the tra-
lionals.

“Date and l have yet to go (to tire tra-
lionuls)." said Karen. “it has been tny goal

\lllt’t‘ freshman year. i want to taste the
limelight. I want it bad.“ -

Added Ulrich. “I don‘t want to go out on
tr low note. i want to go out on at high note.
My goals for the season are playing number
one singles. having a good season. going to
the nationals and for the team to do well."

Coach Lewis summed up the careers of
Ulrich and Karen perfectly when lte said. .“h
is a joy to have those guys on the team for
fotrr years. They have been very much a
reason for otrr success. They have just been
great.” '

WCDB Sports Director Mike Brusco ’3 man hats

By Adam Goodman
srltrrr ll‘R/TER

The immense academic pressures felt by
mostly evcry full-time SUNYA student can
sometimes seem unbearable. Many of these
students find that participation irr some form
of extra-curricular activity provides an en-
joyablc diversion from the grind of actrdcmic
life. However. for one Albany student. iri-
volvement in various groups outside the lee-
lure center has becorrre so intense that his
schoolwork has provided a necessary diver-
sion from his extra-curricular respon-

sibilities.

In his four years at SUNYA, Mike Brusco
has probably held more executive positions
than any student who c\cr donned an Albany
State T-shirl.

To say that Mike was inyolved in in-
tr'attttrrul Council. the \\'(‘l)ll sports depart-
merit. and athletic administration would the
gt'oss‘csl of utttletytttlctncnty. llc. itt l‘ttct. way
sitrrtrltrrncottsly chict of errclr of these
Ul‘gtllll/tllitllls. lirrweo trim \\i\l'i‘\ as tr tour
guide for the (’tttrtpttx (‘cntcr lttt'ortttation
Desk and pttr'ticipatcs in c\ct_\ cottcch ttblc in-

 

Lesane honored

Three members of the Albany State
women's basketball team rcccivcd post-
season honors this week.

 

 

UPS
Albany’s Ralnny Leanne was honored
by the SUNYAC this week.

 

SPORTS BRIEFS

Dane sophomore guard Rainny texture
was named to the I983~84 \\'ttlttt‘tl'\ All-
SUNYAC Basketball Team.

Lestmc led the Danes itr scoring with a
l4.l average. seventh in the SUNYAC Con»
t'ercnce. The 5"2' guard ranked fourth in
total points. sinking 34L

Selected to the honorable mention list
was Albany's junior guard Veronica Patter-
son and sophomore center Jean Pollack.
The 5"10' center ranked eighth in the con-
ference in rebounds with a 6.3 average while
scoring 6.4 a game.

Tire three Alban State players were also
tabbed to the All- . .tern Division of the
SUNYAC conference.

 

Basketball tourney

The Albany State Basketball Program
will be sponsoring the first Albany Store
Outdoor Basketball tournament. No more
titan eight people will be allowed on a single
I ram. Teams must he entered before March
list. Tire tournament will be double
elimination trrrd will start on April 6th
weather permitting. For more information.
call Kurt Walton at 438-7636 before 7 p.m.

 

 

trartrtrral sport. in his spare time. he hosts a
weekly sports television show on chsselaer
cable. He is also a rnetnbcr of his Class Coun-
cil.

in high school. Mike was not involted in
many activities. so he intended to become
fairly irryolvcd irr college. As a freshman. he
was elected to the \\l|A Council. it “its
there that he tttet t'; iricy coordinator Denny
lilkin. who was also the ltrtttrtrttrrttl Coot-
diuatot. i-lkin immediately recognized tltttl
Mike was unique. "About cycty l'tvc ycttt~
\tllllk‘l‘titl) would cutnt' along who you kncw
right away had lhc [rtttctlltttl to run the
otgrrtti/atiorr. .\likc \Hls onc nt thcrtt.“ \letl
lilkin.

Mike rose quickly in thc ('outrcil. in terms
of job responsibility ttnd slilllll‘t‘. By his
sttpiltlliltll’L‘ year he was appointed its llcttd
Ot'ticitrl irt softball and basketball. “Running
the leagues was probany the tno~t enjoyable
responsibility he had here at SUNY." said
Mike.

Mike was elected AMIA president in his
jttrtior year. “i feel proud of tire fact that as
president i helped transform the AMlA irtto
a student-run organization." Mike said.

Brusco was rc-elcctcd in his senior year,
but his reign was short lived. as he resigned
on October 1. According to one Council
member. Brusco became over/calous. wan-
ting to do too ttrtrch. This alienated some of
the Council mctnbcrs. causing a good deal of
friction between Brusco and his Council.
Regardless. Brusco felt that the Council was.
as he pttt it. “heading in the wrong
direction." and he left. According to Elkin.
Mike was an unbelievably hard worker and
stood out among the long list of presidents he
had seen dttring his tenure.

Leaving his position left no void irr

 
 

Brttsco's schcdttlc. lie was voted into the
position of Sports Director for WCDB radio
station. which he still holds. He is responsible
for securing phone lines for the broadcast of
sporting events. scheduling sport‘scasters and
engineers. and producing sports shows. His
latest venture is a two-part sports trivia con;

    

test. which will air at 6 p.m. tomorrow night.
“i ant thrilled about this show. it's
something l've wanted to do since i joined
the station." Brusco said.

His ittyolvemcrtt in broadcast journalism
does not stop with the campus radio station.
liyer‘y Monday night Mike appears on Cable
(‘hzrtrrrel 2| itt Retrssclttct‘ on a sports trtlk
drow which he alwr \\lllt.‘\ tttrtl ptoduccx.

It you lttryc not noticed by now. lituch is .t
big sports ltlll. l-lis lttyuritc \l‘ttl'l i~ collcgc
llihkL‘lllilli and lrc lttts w t‘tttctr \L‘H‘lttl 9151’ or
ticlcs on the \lllle‘L‘l. llc l\.t~ ctrtttbincd his in»
rcrcyr in sports with hr~ ilLllllllll\llilll\t' ltllcllls
(“lll\t.‘(l ts also rt mctrrbcr of the business
school) to earn Irimsclt the ptw‘ ' ol
.-\tlt|cttc L'ontrollcr for the uttiy‘cr '. He
works \cry closely witit the \ill‘\ll)‘ couches.

14>

 

 

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS
lSports Director Mike Brusco or wcoa.

  

 

 

