 

 

 

  

 

   
    
  
  
   

F'—

s.._ A
s—g,
~_,~

     
    
    

Try a little Change of Pace -.I . .

 
  
 

M

. Pic“:

.1 view and atmosphere that
will add a special Change of
Face In any event.

Set off oh a quiet hillside
just minutes from Albany.
this fully furnished, beauti-
in] log home can be

      
       
   
 

VISITING PARENTS
‘ REQUIRING
ACCOMMODATIONS
rOR GRADUATION
RECEIVE DISCOUNT.

   

0 the perfect acconttnmla-
tion For visiting parents:
much Itlttt'l"pll‘d5dlll and
less expensive than a

                     
     
   
 

hotel; I
a wonderful spot Forany

     

l’lease call or write for our
A little
(’hange of Pace can make a

      
 

free brochure.

   

conference;

       

   

a quiet, serene place for a

    
    

gel-away \xeeLentl. ittt ttf tltfl'erettce.

       

Change of Pace, RD. liov
lOSli, l‘t-Itra Hush, NY 12007
(film 43"— l005

   

We offer a modern kitchen,
full bath. solar sun porrh,
Sleeping lat iltlies for 0, and

     
      
  

   
 
 
      
   
   
    
  

 

l‘ltt- (In/II [)f\t'tlltlll (‘enler
I788 ll't‘tlt'l‘ll .-lt't‘, l t‘\ilIIt‘t't'
((‘mttttt't Plum)

Low gee; auto 8t
cycle Insurance!

 

No turn downel 455-5724
Iltttttzt li‘t'tl. Il-h l'ltttrt. ll-ﬁ
.II'P' .IOCC I’rt'. t/a 3m. //-5
- ii I‘ \II/I lltll't’ tltt- Inn-mt [tr‘it't't on Mk
 ‘.. r/ltIlIH, ltn/t't'lt-It, ettrrittet. etc. We have

tllIl/f't'l tlitttttottt/ iitt'tiul t‘iltut. cur \liltl\

81 1 Centrel Avenue mt,
  'pt'tttlttltn to our Itllt'ltl'ft't'll Ifllt'. Free car
  [tit'rt'ittu II'I'III [Ittrt'ltttu' ul'eurt'ittut.

Albeny, N.Y. 122cc
TeIe: GOO-14.5

“c It") and wit l‘sltllt' jewelry. wrap
gttld rulltl siIu-r. ttltI coins '

ll) percent Discount on all but sale llt‘llh

L with LI).

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

 

   

 ENTER THE "REAL WORLD”
‘ i I ' WITH THE RIGHT COMPUTER.

it won't be long before you'll be out In the "real world." Perhaps
as a doctor. lawyer, arttst, or businessman. But no matter what
you've chosen, you'll be giving Ii your best Shot. And that
means using the rtght computer. Altor all, computers are no
longer a luxury, but a necessity. Stop In at LELA Computer
Suttors for iurther tnlormatton on our complete hne oi computer
products. in Albany, we ieature brands itke KAYPRO. Epson,
NBC, and Columbia (desk-top and portable PC-compattbie
computers). For Apple and Columbia products. VIstt ottr Clifton
Park store. We'll help you go! on the right track.

 

 

‘ LELA Computer Suitore Inc.
Ask about Home Financing 0 Classroom instruction
Free Telephone Support and Soltware Research ' Spectal Orders
’- r 52 N. Pearle St., Albany 0 434-05]!
Grand Union Cum, Rt. 9 8: 146, Clilton Park 0 353-0035

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

<Front Page

tlidates cxprcsscd displeasure with
the Voiee's editorial which called on
the candidates to avoid mttdslinging
and look it) tlte future ratltcr than
dwell on the past.

I‘I atn very displeased with the
editorial." l-lallock ntid. "(ill
almost takes a side." He added.
“It‘s a pro-Schat'fer editorial to me
and a lot of other people I have
spoken to." He said the message of
the editorial was “don‘t pick on
Richie" (Schaffcr).

"i want to know where i can get
my publication that gets the type of
circulation titat The Student Voice
gets." Hallock demanded.

Halloek said. “I'm satisfied with
the job Stacey (Young) is doing" to
correct the candidates‘ statements.
“I refuse to comment on the cause
of the discrepancy." hc ttdded.

Regarding the errors in the can-
didate statements, SA Presidential
candidate Bill McCann said. “Dur-
ing elections. candidate statements
are crucial itt raisng tltc interest of
prospective voters. therefore more
care shouid'vc been taken to pre-
vent such situations.“

He said the deletions may have
been "purposely dottc. iittt l have
tto proof to support that. Because
of the itnportattcc of tltc issue at
hand. tltc idea of malice is
magnified.“

Presidential cattdidatc William
Jones did ttot have a statement in
The SImlc/t! Voice.

SA Vice President .ch‘t‘ Schneider
mentioned “there are more than
twenty people who have access to
the compugraphic room." The
Voice is prepared in the com-
pugraphic room in the SA offices.
“1 spoke with Jayne (Rothman)
(Thursday) morning. she didn't
believe she typcd anything in inac-
curately." He later added, “I’m not
going to make insinuations that
anybody made alterations" in The
Student Voice.

Referring to sections originally
left out of the candidate statements,
he only said that there were “a lot

By Judlth Geschwind

in a lcctttrc Monday addressing problems between
middle aged children and their elderly parents. author
Victoria iittmagitt asserted tltat. “We do not have a
clear and definite set of values“ for dcalittg with the
elderly.

There are financial support systems available for
“working parents. public education. tax subsidies to
parents of children ——- bttt there are no public policies
and not as much public support on the opposite cttd of
the spcelrttttt. for thc care of the elderly.“ llutttttgin
told tltc audience of about ISO people.

This economic strain puts an additional strain on the
cltild. according to littmttgin. There are aho minty
emotions III be dealt with. she said. such as feelings of
guilt for not pleasing the parent. llumagitt eyplttittcd
that this goes back to the “fantasy” of young‘ children
who wuttt to please their parents. The childtcn. now
adults. often still see lllL‘IllSL‘hL‘s "not inning done a
good job if the parent is not pleased." site said. adding
that “it is often the daughter or tltc dauglttcr-in-law
who is responsible for taking care of tltc eltlctlv
ptlrettt."

Then there is “the mth of the child becoming the
parent and thc ‘Pill‘clll becoming the child." said
ilnntagitt. This role reversal never actually occurs. she
said. "The parent still wants to direct and protch the
child." she said. adding that “with tile changes of age.
there is a change of responsibilities such as the perfor-
mance of tasks and dependency."

These changes "often bring anxiety to tltc child."
. she said. Often “this feeling of amicty can be so cottt-
pclling a message that tltc elder person begins to fch it
herself." cvplaincd ilutttagin. who is the co-authot of

it book entitled Aging iv a Futuily Allah.

‘ Iitttnagin spoke of a colleague of hers who described
a case to his students. This person needed a lot ofcttt'c.
She was unable III control ltcr blttddcr or her bowels.
She cried and screamed at night. until someone cuIItc
iii to comfort her. She kttcw ltcr own name. bttt ttut the u t'
name of others. ller speech was tnadc up of bubbles.

. of coincidences."

Stipend Policy Vetoed

The stipend policy was pa55cd
l6-l-2. but Schaffer said he would
veto it. because he thought the
policy would result In legal action
against SA.

According to Schaffcr. Affir-
mative Action Officer Gloria
DcSolc had told him that members
of SA could be sued because of dif-
ferences in the stipend amounts
among four executive branch posi-
tions.

SA itself cannot be sued, ltc
noted. because it is an unincor-
porated body. Tltc SA president.
vice president and controller can be
sued instead, said Schaffer.

Despite being a member of the
stipend committee. which spon-
sored thc stipend policy bill. Schaf-
fcr said he did not know that tltc bill
was to take effect intntcdiatcly. He
said he vetoed the bill so that he
could bring a separate bill to Coun-
cil which would equalize tltc salaries
of tire four positions. Then. after
passage of that bill, Scltaffcr said.
lit: hoped Council would override
his veto so that the stipend policy
could go into effect.

if the policy had bcctt im-
plctncntcd. Schaffcr said. there
would httvc been no wtty by which
lie could change tltc stipends of the
positions. and therefore would
possibly face litigation.

The four positions which make
ttp the second tier of SA’s two tier

executive branch include program- ~

tnittg director. media director,
tninority affairs coordinator and
off campus coordinator. The
stipends for these positions are
52250. $l670. $l375 and $l375
respectively.

The first tier includes the presi-
dent. the vice president and the con~
troller.

The fact that the three lowest
paid positions in the executive
branch are held by the three women
and the one minority within the
branch could help a plaintiff's case

Council peseee stipend policy,- Scheﬂer vetoes It

against SA. Schaft‘er noted.

Off campus representative Ncil
Shapiro voiced objections to SA
Controller Adam Barsky's grant of
a tax waiver to University Concert
Board for the upcoming Clash con—
cert. A tax waiver reduces the price
of a ticket for those without tax
cards.

Shapiro complained that Council
was not consulted before the waiver
was granted. He introduced a bill
that would require the Controller to
inform Council when waivers
would be granted and would give
Council the power to ovcrridc It
waiver. After some debate. the bill
was sent back to committee.

LaSusa said that if approved by
the University Scttatc and President
Vincent O‘l.cary. the proposed
change in tltc add-drop policy
would rcsttlt itt a "W" being placed
on a student‘s transcript whcn tltc
student drops a class after a certain
date early in a semester.

 

Add-drop policy changes

Despite LaSttsa's assertion that
tlIc change was "not meant to be
negative." Council passed It resolu»
tioII by :tcciamation which stated
that SA is “adamantly opposed" to
the “W.”

The proposal would also extend
tltc add date by fdut' days, l.aSus;t
said.

“The main reason for the
change." she said. is to give
students an incentive to drop
courses earlier, so that others can
take their place in closed courses.
The "W" is intended for students
who register for many classes. but
do not intend to attend all of thctn.
explained LaSusa.

Council approved tltc freezing of
eight groups' budgets by
unanimous consent. The budgets
were frozen because the groups
have not spent some of their money
this year. Barsky said he did not
want the groups to spend money for
non-budgcted parties. ' C)

Set of values needed to help aged

and she constantly drooled tttId ltcr shirt had to be

cltangcd often.

The professor tltcn asked his students how they
would feel if they ltad to care for tltis person. The
students replied that they would feel “frustrated.

hopeless. and annoyed.“ 'l‘o tltc surprise of tltc class.

ilumttgitt said.

u

owtt needs

the professor then announced that the person whom he
had just described was his si\-ntottth old daughter.

littmagin offered some advice to tile child of the ag-
ing parent. saying that gtmttt children must know IilL‘lt
emotionally and practically.“ A nomtttt
must "set limitations and be IJttttsiKIL‘tti in dealing \\illl
Itcr parent." Must itttportutttly, she mint be “open
and honest itt hct' Ctllllllllllllc‘illlttllS with her parent."
lltttnagitt added.

She also said that sons and daughtets often “\\te\-
tie" with these feelings within themselves. litttttagitt
suggested that the "child speak with a friend or II pro-
l'cssittttttl to get an outsidch point of view.“ She noted
that it is easy to find a “‘sttpport system because the
problem is common and not Itttiquc.” She added that

the attitude that she itopcd would be exposed is that
“maintaining an elderly person sltottltl be an oppor-

tttnity. ttot a burden."

iittntttgin said that “age is now It societal issue." She
spoke of the increasing pcrcctttagc of tltc elderly in the
U.S. population. In the 1900‘s. 3 million people were
over tltc age of 65. or 4 percent of the population. she
sttld. There are now 25 million people Over ()5 (it per-

ccnt). she continued. citing that some estimates in-

Administration.

dicate an increase to 55 million elderly. or 40 percent
of tire population by the year 2050.

Families will be affected by this because “if and
when the elder parents become I'rail. their children will
be pttsl rctircmcttt agc." she said.

littmttgin serves as Director of Social Services at tltc
Council for Jewish lildcrly in ('lticago. She is a faculty
member of the Loyola School of Social Work in
(“hit-ago and also it clinical associate of the [tutu-mt)
Chicago's

School ol Social Service

 

 

 

FRIDA Y. MARCH 30. I984 t ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 

 

 

 

Telethon ’84 .

 

 

would like to thank...
bong Branch W‘P’s
Irish Pub

 

Lamp Post
0’ Heaoeys

 

Jerry (Greene Distributors
E and D Beverages- Ed McDonald
Keis Distributors

Roche Distributors

Graves and Rogers Distributors
Pepsi (Cola

(Colonic Liquor

MaX‘OQ hiquor

Service hithor

Bamapo Liquor
Mohawk Valley
hiquor

hit their conttibtttiotts in making
Altct'ttoou AI iltc littls it \Itk‘L‘t'SSli

 

-Submit entrees to the Pep Band

Submit the. best design"
for

Celebration ’84 t-Shirts

and win three free shirts!

mailbox in the SA Ofﬁce
Deadline : April 13
For information call 45 7-8943

 

 

 

 

ON CAMPUS HOUSING FOR NFKT YEAR

Atty currently registered student may apply to select Room Assignment and
Board. choice lot the ‘lH/l-b'i't academic yL'iIl'
by billowing; these prttcgdutes and deadlines:

I ' ' I I )(V‘ q ' ‘

   

Student Accounts Oilice ‘l .I.m - li:.'lt) p In
March 1‘) - 23. 2t) 7 (ill; April 2 - t). ‘l 12

S'i‘iii’ i (Meal Card Photo. Pick up oi Material)

Department til Residential Life

Eastman Tower Lower Lounge 12 ~

April 2 ~ (I. l) - l2

2 Room Selection)

Quadrangle on which you wtslt to tesrde

April (t. ‘l - l2

You must pay deposit t'tlltl complete S'l'iii’ l prtnt to Sl‘iil’ if and total

process must be completed by Tutti) pm on April iL.’ i’osted details in
llepttrttttent Ill Residential i.tle Office anti Rump“... QMdhnmtpi

it p Ill

   

 

 

[\i’i’LY l t\lil.‘r' l)()N"l' Mth ilil ill t\itl li\'|1

 

 

 

 

L

 

 

the center tor conservative
ludalsm on campus

jsc-hillel and ometz
invite you to ask

JEWISH
QUESTIONS V
 CONTEMPORARY
NUCLEAR 'SSUES
WEAPONS

TRADITIONAL
SOURCES

sat., march 31
2:30 — cc 320

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“loin Hands - loin Hearts”

at

TELETHON ‘84

8pm Friday 3/30 - 8pm Saturday 3/31
Tickets - $1.50 and $1.00 with Telethon T-shlrt

Recipients - Capital Area Speech Center
and The Wildwood School

Auctions: Autographed )ets football.............Friday..............i am
Yankee tickets and baseball..........Saturday....5:45 pm
SUNY buses.................................Friday.......midnight

'At-page Torch ad.........................Friday......i0:20 pm
Room at Governor's inn................Saturday.....7:30 pm

Tickets for WCDB'S Rack Nite at the Rafters will be ,
auctioned off throughout Telethon.

DON’T MISS THIS 24-HOUREXTRAVAGANZAIII

and Saturday....6:45 pm

 

 

   

   

~

   

my»

   

   

    
         
         
        
           
          
         
     
     
     
    
  
  

 
   
    
  
  
        

