 
 

 
  

 
 
   

‘1...
w

~ «P‘W‘__.

t
r

:4.

..;»...:‘.*._,~—~«-‘"~

.3;

w .-c

r.-: .._-.i_.. “deg.

 

 

 

 

 

 

formers all season. became a double winner

MARCH [3, I984

sixth with a leap of l5'3". Grincr also scored

 Women tracksters take close third at SUNYACs

By Jlm Erwin
smr/ It'RITER

In what Coach Ron Wirite ternrcd “the
best performance of the indoor season.“ the
Albany State women's indoor track team
finished third of six teams at the first annual
SUNYAC indoor track and field champion-
strips held at Plattsburgh this prrsi Friday.

Genesco finished in first place witlr 138
points. while Brockport finished second
overall. just a single point ahead of Albany.
with 96 points to tire Duttes' total of 95.
Coach erite commented. “ l tlrorrglrt the
meet was a real nice finale to the itrdoor
season; our deptit was outstanding." The
Danes" depth was indeed otttstatrditrg. as at
least otre Albany inditidual scored itr each of
tire sixteen events.

The 400-tnctcr dash saw the Danes gisc
their strongest showing, I teshtrtutt Mary (‘ar-
trrody led tlte Danes to place first. third and
fourth itr the event. ('arruody. (‘o.tclr \\'Iritc‘s
outstanding performer of tire meet. ran a
tvery solid indoor time of 1202.6 to capture
first. Watrda Nicl-‘attiderr and Karen li\let‘s
third and fourth place finishes enabled
Albany to score twenty big points irr the
single event. .

Carrnody. one Albany‘s strongest per-

Dane trackmen tune up

By Mike Turkady

The Albany State men‘s indoor track team
traveled to.Utriorr ('ollege last l'hursda) to
corrrpctc against tltc Dutchmen Ill att ini'or»
mai trrcct Iteld itr order to.give individuals a
cltance to qualify for tire New York State
Division III Championships to be iteld at
Hamilton College nest weekend. According
to Head Coach lioh htttrrsey. no tcarrr scores
were kept .so tirat the rttrrrrcrs could concetr~
tratc on running their best witlrottt worrying
about their placitrg. “lint if \\c lrad kept
score." lrc said.“lt would ha\c beetr close.“

The lack of competithc pressure ltelpcd
most of the Albany ttackurcn. atrd one irr
particttiar. For sorrre tirrre now. captain l’aul
Mance has been in a Hit of sorts. “My mental
concentration has been terrible. lnrt i finally

   
 

 

..,
..
. "ﬂ
'- c I ‘f "in “i
J. .; ﬁth- 3‘

 

2y. 3" g: .

  

 

 

UPS

Sophmore Bette Dzamba took two
thirds In the SUNYACs.

got sick of being so far from wltat I should be
doing. so things finally catttc tugetirer
today," he said. litrilding from one jttrrrp to
the nest. Maucc was finally able to rettrrrr to
top form. popping an awesome jump of
45‘ll“ that stands as iris second best nrark
evcr. Assistant (‘oaclr 'i‘itn (iutrtlrcr remark-
cd.”l think l’aul got a little glirrrpsc of what
he catr do wireu his hcad's on straigltt. He'll
be tlrirrgirrg of that the tre.\t titrre he's looking
dowtr the ttttrway and concentrate better."
After mining along tlrrottglr a lackltrster
season. frcslrtrratr .iinr McDonaglr suddenly
broke those at Union irt the Mitt-ureter run
wltere he stayed close to Union superstar
\\'irrston liritton for tnO\l of the race to finish
titird iii :9 9i just .45 seconds shy of the
State qrrali ,' ' . 'l'hc tittre was also

 

 

 

Hockey club

By Keith Marder

.-I.\'.S()L‘III rt. SPOR 75 1.0”th
The Albany State Intercollegiate Hockey

Wings on their way to a tS-l victory at
Center City Ice Rink itr Schenectady Satur-
day night in front of St) \ocai fans.

"The fans really helped." said Paul
Essncr. "It's really easy to play itr frotrt of
good fans." '

Coming off of a tough loss to the RH
club team. Albany featured a wry balanced
attack as eight different players scored
goals. In just their fonrtlr gattrc. the learn
had their timing down part as their pin-point
passing led to many scoring opportunities,
The first goal was a prirtrc csantple of this.

Essncr and Rich Diem teamed tip on a
picture-perfect give and go. The goal by
Diem gave Albany tlrc lstl lead.

After the Red Wings tied the score at
one. Essncr netted the game winning goal
with ljzll lelt to play itt the first period. as
he janrtned itr the rcbotttrd of a t’at hlc(iiuv
rris sirot. -

Alter the lassrrcr score. it was sttrootlr
skating for Albany as they scored tlte new
i] goals.

 

Dictrr artd llsstrcr both had but tricks on,

tile cvcttitrg. Dictrr also led the team in scor-
ing as he tallied sis points. Martin ()‘III‘IL'II
and Larry Hartman also accounted tor sis
Albany poitrts.

lcssttcr. itric (irccrrbcrg and loltrr Ktrab

Club outskated tire’Adirondack junior Red.

ramps, 15-1

were all tied for second scoring honors with
four points. Greenberg and Ktrab inrd two
goals each.

Recent acquisition tiitly Abrams did a
very good job on defense. The 6‘3" plttycr
did nrucir in the way of beefing up the
defense as ire also got into the scoring act.
Alnartrs ltad a goal attd an assist.

The other goal scorer for Albany was
Scott (iiancolia. who added one goal.

Not to go unnoticed irr all of the scoring
was the corrstaul forcchcckittg pressure ptrt
on by the Cavanaugh brothers. 'i'itn attd
Mike. Davc Ttrrtrer and Paul Mattkcy also
had all around et'fcctive performances.

(ioalics Jitrr Lcskody and Drew Rttbitr
had otttstatrdirtg games as they ttrrtred away
It] otrt of the 34 shots that they faced.

Albany‘s offensive pressure was too
rrrttcir for the Red \Vitrgs's goalie to handle.
Albany had 52 shots on net atrd Adiron-
dack's goalie resorted to physical play. He
was ejected from the gatrrc with a little mct‘
three trritrtttcs to play.

All itr all the game did have its share of
rottglt play: the referees w histlcti 2.1
penalties irt the contest.

RINK RAI': Albany's next game has not
been scheduled yet... The Adirondack
junior lied Wings have it winning record...
The team will have tt'victory party lit the
Stile Quad I-"lagruorn Friday night. Admis-
\Illll will be $2.00 with a tax card. $1.00
without.

 

 

with her first place finish over a veteran ﬁeld
in the BOO-meter dash. Carmody ran a per~
sonal best 44.4 seconds, closing out a very
fine first season in spectacular fashion.

Karen Kurthy continued her steady im-
provement with a fifth place ﬁnish in the
tSOO-meter run. Her time of 5:01 .6 broke her‘
own school record just set last week.
“Karen's running is far superior to where she
was last year at this time." stated White.
Finishing right behind Kurthy was teammate
Donna Burnham in sixth place wtih a time of
5:03.4. an indoor personal best. Burnham
also finished sixth in the l000-meter run with
another personal best time of 3:ll.4.

Dane sophomore Bette Dzamba ran'a very
good meet, placing third in both the
3000-meter and 5000-meter runs. Dzamba
equalled her best ever in the 5000-rneter rtrn
with a fine tirrrc of 19:08. "Bette had an
outstanding season." said Coach White.
“Her improvement was dramatic."

The Danes found the going a little rottglr iii
the field events. httt still managed to hold.
their owrt. not getting sltut ottt irt any oftlrese
events. Mary Ratrdles finished third in the
shot put with a throw of 32'8". In the long
jump Karen Robinson placed fiftlr with a
leap of l5'3.75" and Ginny Griner placed

McDoIragir‘s best titrrc all season by ttrorc
titan a second. Said Munsc . “We held this
rnect just for that sort of race. Today gave
.litrr another clrattce to develop himself atrd
his time today shows real itrrproverrrctrt.
That‘s a shot in the arm for us."

Junior .litrr Erwin moved down from the
middle distances to run the 500—tneter dash
head to tread with Union’s Fred Quanger atrd
finish in a dead treat. Battling inrpressively.
i-irwin recorded his personal-best time of
H H in the race. Said Erwin. “i was glad i
lrtrrrg with l‘rcd. He's tough."

The Killi-tttctct‘ rttn saw two very strong
Albatry performances as junior Tom
Kacandcs came back to trip freshman Dave
llteuc at the litre. Tire two were timed at

. , . b.

 

 

Ed McGttt won the GOOD-meter run In a besttever ttme oi 8:38 placing hlm among'lho
best in the slate.

fifth in the triple jump with a school record
of 32'8". Griner was followed by Jenn Jones
in sixth place with a leap of 31’2".

The high jtrmp found Griner placing in her
third event of the meet with a jump of 4’8".
good for sixth place. The athletes competing
in the field events for the Danes must be
given much credit. as they have no facility
here to practice in properly at SUNYA. The
field events have never been a strong point of
past teams, but this year's field competitors
did much to add to the depth of the team.

Also deserving mention were both of the
Dane relays; the 4x400-meter and
4x800-metcr relays. which both placed se-
corrd.

All in all, the indoor seasdn was an en-
couraging one for the women. Most impor-
tantly. the teatrr had some numbers for the
first titnc. The Danes had their troubles scor-
ing in the big meets. btrt they are a very
yortttg tcattr atrd showed a depth they haven't
had bcforesCoaeh White is looking forward
to the otrtdoor scasotr where Ire believes his
tcatrr will be stronger. “We will Iravc a couple
ol'giris ottt who were ineligible for the indoor
season corrrpetirrg. and most of the rrreets will
be snrall so otrr depth should come through,"
Whitepredictcd. i i

for States. against Union

2202.” atrd 2:02.45 respectively. “I didn’t
ctcrr sec Irittr (Kacarrdes) pass the at the line. I
iust fell apart iii the last ten yards,“ Bielte
said afterward.

Sprint star Pat Saccncio won tltc Sit-meter
dash itr 6.09 seconds with teatnttrate .lolrn
Reilly takitrg second itr 6.2l seconds and
triple-junrper Maucc cattrc got third in 6.36
sccotrds.

'l'he l50tl-tncter rtrrr was won by Union‘s
L'Itt'is ()‘Dorurell whose tittre ol'4:02 qualified
ltirrr for States witlr room to spare. Although
they didn‘t rrreet the qualifier. freshmen
lh'ttcc (ilacicr and l’er 'Shelley pushed each
other to personal-best titnes of 4:133 attd
~i:l4.t) respectively. Said Glacier. “I've been

18>

 

 

. ......-5rt11't;'_~‘£?

torn xncaunes ASI'

 

w a: m:

Y. OF NE

 

_ Wm.n~..ro,....-._.m-m..

W- Yonk— A‘T ~ A LBANY ‘ B v THE A LBAN yfs TUDENT? mess CORPORA "ON"

4 éT'ﬁéEiiir

PRESS

March 16, 1984 " 

 

 

   

. r'Stu‘dent fee proposal raises
questions on feasibility.

B John Thorburn

SI‘le-‘F lt'RIl‘I.'R

x A proposal for a tttatrdatory stttdcnt activity fee for SUNYA graduate.
part-time and tron'tuatriculated students could become a referendum if
Stttdcrrt Association’s efforts plus those of the Committee on Graduate
Strident Organization are sttcc t'ul.

According to History Professor Kendall A. Birr. the conrrrrittee is corn—
piling a report on the feasibility of implementing the fee. “There is an
1 April I deadline on this referenduttr." said Birr. who is r so chair of the
' committee. lie added that the report will probably be submitted by early
', ncxt week. '

The cotrrrrtittce. consisting of both graduate students and faculty
mcrrrbcrs have been discussing the issue since the begitrtritrg of the
semester.

The cotttrrrittec is suggesting. itr one ofseveral proposals, that a charge
t of 5! pcr ctctlit ltotrr be collected. with a trraxirnutrr of $l2 cltatged to

tltcsc students. This amount. liirt said. would generate an additiotral
$31000 front graduates. and an additional $9.000-$l0.0(X) from part-time
i and non-matricttlatcd students.

Robert Martiniano. a rncttrbcr ol' the committee. atrd tlte President of
Masters of Public Affairs Sttrdctrt Association. feels that the Ice is not
necessary. "As president of M.l’.A.. I represent 250 graduate students.
We have discussed the trrattcr and we feel that it isn’t fair.“ said Marti»
rriatro.

The fee wouldn't be lratrdlcd by the Student Association (SA). said
llttrsky. He said that the fees collected wotrld ire controlled by a graduate
student organization to be further] specifically for this pttt'posc.

SA and the graduate student organization would then agree upon an
amount to he givetr to SA actitities in which graduate students par»
ticipate. But SA's view on this fee isn‘t strictly a rrrorretary one \ecot‘-
ding to Barsky. SA is trying to bring graduate students together. “Our
ttrairt objective is to ttrritc graduate students atrd givettlrem a for ttr ot' sell-
t'cpresentation.“ said liarsk).

Barsky also feels that graduate students are a part of the tlllI\L‘lSiL\
community. “They (gr dttatc studctrts) Irave a responsibility to the quail-
ty of life on campus.“ .aid llursky. “I feel it will have a snowball ctl'cct."

Martiniano said ire doesn't see the fee as a way to bring graduate
students together. “i don‘t think that's a valid reason for the fee artd i
don‘t think that peoplc will use the services." said h‘lartiuiatro.

The report. which trill be submitted to President ()'I. “toy for final up»
provai. is the first step itr the process to bccottring a reality. if approtcd
by ()‘l. any. a referendum will be prrt on the ballot of the nest eicctiotr.
’fitc trrctlrod of toting and wording of such a rcl'ctctrdttttr hasn‘t been
decided by SA. according to liarsky. “We haven‘t decided whether
undergraduates will \tllc on the proposition. or if jttsl graduates will."
said liat‘sky.

Martiniano stated that unit gtaduatc students should be allowed to

11 >

 
  
 

  

    

 

 
 

 

 

   

   
      
   
     
     
      
    
       
         
       
    
       
  
      
 
      
      
      
   

 

NUMBER 13

 

 

\

 

  
 

ERICA SFIEGEL UPS

Rattlers protesting Soviet emmlgratlon policies

 

“ti’e'ri-ys/r/Itt: Preside/rt ()‘Lemjt'... to recognize lit/is lltl_l'. "

Rally supports Soviet Jewry

By Suzanne Murphy
.s'I.-tH‘ttRIII.R

About thirty members of the
Revisionist Zionist Alternative-
Tagar Zionist Activist Movement
attd other supporters rallied for
Soviet Jewry outside the Campus
Center Thursday. The dcmonstra~
tiorr was conrmctuomting interna-
tional Soviet Jewry Day and the rat-
ly was one of several events spon-
sored this week by RZA-Tagar for
“Save Soviet .lewry Week.“ accor-
ding to Steve Hilscnrath.
spokesman for RZA-Tagar.

"We are asking President
O'Lcary attd tlt s university to
recognize this day. We also want
other students to learn about the
oppression of Soviet Jews. There
are 5.000 lens at Albany and look
ltow few are gathered here." noted

Hiisenrath.

"There are tltrcc trriiiiorr .lews itr
the Soviet Union that are oppressed
by that government.“
Tagar member (lady isliurnsolrn to
the crowd. “Those .lews that wattt
to leave to go to Israel are not
allowed to leave. The Soviet Utriotr
Jews are not
don‘t worry about them —- are we
worried about them?“ he asked.
The demonstrators shouted back
“yes!” and then chanted. “Free
our people nowl‘I
short
and liliuttrsolrn tire
t'ailiers shouted other slogans such
as “Am yisrocl clrai!“ (Nation of
isracl Slrail Liveli. "l-2-3-4. open
up the iron door. 5-6-7-8. let ottr
emigrate!" and

says their

Between
l-lilsenrath

people
again!"

Some demonstrators held posters
picturing iurprisoned Soviet Jews
atrd wore arm hands with the slogan
“Save Soviet Jews" arid the Star of
David pritrtcd on the band. RZA-
Tagar members also handed out
leaflets containing information
about the plight of Russian Jews.

Hilsenrtttlr spoke of Albany’s
Russian student exchange program.
“Albany is tlrc only school with an
cyclrangc progratrr with Russia.
We're glad the students are here.
Let's send tlretrr back with the
message": “Let our people free.
now!“

(inc of the rallicr Evan Chafitz,
ctnplrasi/cd that something has to
be done. "What the Jews of the
Utrited States catr do here they catt-
rrot do irr Rttssitt'. We rntrst stay

12>

said RZA-

people.

speeches by

 

 

“Nc\ er

 

Wayne Peereboom
(‘tH/RIIH’IIAU I.I>IIUR
Six years of political atrd legal battle carrrc to a close in
early March when the doors of the (‘rossgatcs Mail were
opcttcd.
‘Locatcd just west of tire SUNYA campus between
Washington atrd Westertr Avenues. itr an area known as

w... r u

   

 

Entrance to new Crossgates Mall

Id mun/Irv Ufl/t'htllt' ir/r

 

 

 

It [Il‘tltlllt‘t'tl I7. 000 pages- of "SEMI-J  H "

 

a Cirilds.

Years of controversy preceded mall’s opening

the “Pine Bush“. the rtrall has been the subject of a
heated battle between citi/ctrs' groups arid the de\clopers,
l’yt'amid Crossgatcs (‘otnpatttx ’l‘hc lft3 acre. $85.6
trrilliotr ttrali contains 07 stores as well as a l0sscrceu
movie theater. An additional 82 stores are scheduled to
open by I986.

Rhotrd

.-

 
    

BOB SOUOV UPS

 

Against t rossgatcs. which at one titrtc claimed as many as
5.000 members. said itct grottp claimed the construction
wotrld pcttrratrenth hattrr the ecological balance of the
Pine liuslt. ("itilds said a SUNYA biologist catalogued llo
platrt atrd atritrtai species in the Pine littsit including the
endangered Karucr lilue butterfly wlriclt is unique to this
arctt. l'hc cili/ctrs also contended that the runoff from tltc
trraii wottld pollute the .\icl\'own\il|e t'cstttorr. ltttthct'.
they were concerned tltc ttrall would t~"\c‘I property
\alues. cattse ttall‘ic snails and lead to Iilc dilution of
police and tire protectiott sitrcc the trrall docs not hate its
ow tr forces. ‘

Ilre tic\c|opcrs. on the other ltatrd. cotttcttticd '.t-.tt the
urail would bring thousands of construction and retail
robs to the .-\II\ttlt_\ area while increasing the total i.t\
base. (the ol'tieial projected art itrcr‘ase ol 5} IIIiIIIl‘II to
sales his to local gmcttrtuctr-s. 'l'hc dcsclopets maintain
that the trial] will provide goods that local residents
previoust traveled to New York City, tlostou and White
Plants for.

While the proposal was fought for .si\ \cars, the ltcig‘t
of the battle was probably itr the hearings Ils‘ltll‘t‘ the state
Departttrctrt ot I-‘trsit'onnrcntal Conservation. '1 he
developers sought conditional permits to tilt Ill a to acre
freshwater wetiattd. to discharge pollutants into the '
Kl'ttlltis‘III River atrd to relocate roadways to diitrte concert—
nation of carbon monoxide. ~

What followed was Iii trronths of debate which produc-
ed tuot'e than H.000 pages of transcripts.mcr a total of all
sessions. (‘Irilds said the citi/errs uftett pleaded the cases
tltctnseites since cutirotrtnetrtai attorneys cost upward ol
$300 per hour. lltc citt/ctts produced their own witnesses
including SI'NYA biolot ‘and economic e\pct'ts.

~Ne\ctthcless. titc necessat') permits were iSsucd. 'l‘ltc
tle\elopcts nest sought atrd were giten approval of their \
1D

 

 

 

J

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
  

  

