 

 

 

1 memes“;

.332

. mac-2.

, 

 

 

  

  
 

 _ err-e (lupus
PEOPLE: ,

_ .l-IELPO'I'l-IEIIS

, in: MOVING-“0H?”

Just fill out thlsqulck questionnaire and drop it off at the
Campus CentertntormatIOn Desk. '

 

1". Who is your landlord?

 

2. Where do you live?

 

number street

3. Are there any problems with major facilities such‘as
kitchen, bathroom, etc.? (please explain)

 

 

4. If minor repairs are needed does your landlord
respond promptly and appropriately? , . -

5. Does your landlord impose any rules or regulations
that infringe upon your privacy? (If so, please explain)

 

 

6. Are heat and electricity included in the rent?

7. Are you and your landlord bound to a lease?

8. Have you ever experienced problems concerning rent

and/o security deposits?

9. Would you recommend your landlord to someone else?

 

 

This survey is brought to you by

the Student Association’s office at the OFF-CAMPUS COORDINATOR

 

 

 

Rally ,
<Front Page
a campaign.

According to Kamishlian. the attendance

was “not as good as i expected but i was hap-
‘ py with the turnout."

the College Republicans will now be work-
ing with the State College Republicans as well
as the city and county republican committees
to set up a strong Reagan campaing.

This won’t be easy. said Kamisltlian,
because Republicans in Albany “are few and
far between."

Schiotis said that he has several different
types of youth efforts in mind, including
plans to help “teach people about politics."
He added that although both groups will be
busy on the campaign. “the main goal is to
learn." _

Oral history
<3

explained his job as summarizing Times-
Union articles front tltc l960's that had to do
with Albany. Stcmpler said tlte program was
“equal to, if not better than, a lot ofcourses
in the history department." He described it
as being a kind of "mini-internship."

Diana Marshak, also a senior, was involv-
ed in a project which dealt with Holocaust
survivors. Marsltak found it to be a "great
experience" and “much more interesting
than most classes." She added that even
though she doesn't need the credit, site would
like to continue with the program because it
was “really worthwhile."

The program, whose funding is depettdcttt
on grants and donations. is tryittg to become
self-sufficient, said Steen. The program
would like to get enough publicity and in-
terest in the project to get donations front the
community, he added.

The original $5.000 donation, made by
Lewis Swyer. is being used for things such as
tapes, subscriptions to oral history journals
and Gurnett’s salary. The progratn has ap-
plied for a grant front the Hellman founda-
tion which funds educational and historical
projects. but the decision will not be known

r.

until May. Other grants applied for include
the SUNY Research Foundation Grant and
the National Endowment for the Humanities
(NEH) grant.

"The university is very supportive, but
they don‘t have the money to give us," said
Steen. The program has made a remarkable
series of accomplishments in such a short
time. but they can't expand because they
have "no staff and no money," he added.
Steen said he will "do anything to keep it
alive." According to Steen though, it is
crucial to keep Gurnett "one way ,or
another." The amount of work involved in
oral history is so extensive that Steen said
Gurnett is “indispensible.”

Gurnett is on a temporary line from the
university that terminates at the end of
March. Both she and Steen are hoping that
they will get some money in order to keep her
on. If no money is received, Steen says he will
continue alone but it would be difficult.

The program is shooting ideally for about
$40,000 per year or $l90,000 over a four year
period.

if the financial future of the oral history
program is uncertain, it is definitely certain in
the minds of its workers. As Steen said. “we
believe very strongly in what we’re trying to
do; we like to think of it in the same vein with
historic preservation." "‘

 

Alcohol

<5

opinion. that bttlk containers should not be
allowed in stttdcttts' suites and rooms, had
remained unchanged.

tlowcver. committee member and SA
Director of Student Programming, Riclt
Golubow said “That's ridiculous, we were
tttorc or less reaclting a concensus," when
confronted with Radko's statement.

Committe member and Off-Campus
Housing Office Director, Karleen Karlson
said that the committee agree on the idea of a
registration front for bulk containers in suties
or rooms, that would not require approval
from stuff. “But if you (students) abuse the
pt'ivclcge...that's going to be it for you and
bulk containers in your room or suite." t1:

 

lilo,
Ins?

  

 

 

 

WE WANT YOUR BODY

YES! '

We want everybody

 

Sponsored by Genesis 8. Middle Earth

 

SEXUALITY WEEK
reanmutv 1.3, 9 a to

  

SA FUNDED

 

 

TUESDA v, JANUARYJI, [984 ‘u ALBANY STUDENTPRESQ 7i ' , .

"’\.

 

Women worklnglln uas kitchen ,

 

‘Recenl technologies haven 7 reduced women '3' work.

Modern technology not easing
workload on modern housewives

By Bob Hanlon

Many modern appliances in American kit-
cltens ltave done little to reduce a housewife's
traditional burdens, according to a State
University of New York at Albany
Sociologist who has written several articles
and plans at least three books dealing with
the status of women and technology lit the
home and workplace during this century.

Associate Professor Christine Bose and a
dozen other scholars, including Natalie
Sokoloff and Rosyln Feldberg, have compil-
:d essays on many topics. The issues range
from sexual harassment and Affirmative Ac-
tion to health care issues and the hidden im-
pact ol‘ technology in The Hidden Aspects of
Women '5 Work to be completed this fall.

The collection considers the position of
women itt the home and workplace at the
turn of the century and traces the progress
and failures of their efforts to be liberated
from traditional roles.

Bose. who also holds a Women's Studies
appointment frotn the Universityhchcribes
the “ltidden aspects“ involved in a woman's
work as "the kind of work that is hidden
from women themselves. as well as front

(society, because it's not thought of as work.

The hidden ways that technologies in the
home have not just helped ease the work, but
also increased the amount ofwork individual
wotnett can take over.”

As an example of this “hidden work”. she
mentions picking up children's clothes. emp—
tying aslttrays, and food shopping, all
necessary tasks, usually left to women.

Bose says that recent technologies. small
appliances. and other household aids have

'not decreased the volume of a woman's

work. The wire whisk. peanut bttttcr maker.

and crepe maker “certainly didn't liberate us

from anything." Regarding two ntorc rcccttt

devices, the dishwasher and trash contpactor.

site said “it's not clear that these take mttcltl
less time.”

She adds that before ntany of these
modern appliances, “women used to get help
from the spouses and kids," but that after
these, "those people had bought their way
out," leaving the woman to do all the work
by herself.

Modern technology has eased housework,
but not the time spent on it. Bose says. Most

‘of a woman's work is now consumption and

child care: lighter tasks, but just as time con-
suming. she added. She maintained that stan-
dards have risen to require more cleanliness,
which increases the number of jobs which
have fallen to women.

The woman working in an office also has
“hidden aspects" to her job, she contended.
According to Bose,“a ‘hidden aspect’ is the
kind of ‘social work' that goes on. Much of
the job is not just clerical work, but making
sure people get along. smoothing out dif-
ferences, training new people and bosses that
come into the office." as well as, she added.
that famous secretarial task: making coffee.

The Hidden Aspecls of Women '5 Work
makes a comparison of women's work today
to that of the turn of the century. With a lack
of electricity, indoor plumbing. and central
heating, women had to light gas lamps in
each room, keep the rooms warm by

.periodically stoking fires. and haul tubs of

water from a nearby trough or water source.
“imagine trying to do laundry. You had to
lteat four different tubs of water, for the
washing, blttcing, starching, and then the rin-
sing...it literally became a ‘laundry day'."
she explained.

Middle class women, Bose noted, often
had help with tasks from their children, paid
servants, or boarders. The paid servants
usually included working class women and
newly arrived immigrants, both in need of
work. Bose added.

She explained that working class women
"weren‘t liberated from the home by
technology, because they were already out.
They had to have paying jobs."

Bose pointed out that the first two decades
of this century witnessed an expansion of the
economy, cutbacks in immigration, and the
advent of child labor laws in many states.
This, coupled with the development of
utilities and the technological infrastructure,
such as running water and electricity. slte ad-
ded. made household tasks slightly easier.
But she noted that the economy was absorb-
ing the traditional house helpers. leaving
many middlct'lass women to carry a heavier
share of their own housework. I ;

 

 

 

 

 

FEVTERNA TIONAL FILM GROUP AND
AMERICAN MRKETHVG ASSOCLA TION
' PRESENT

,HOW TO SUCCEED
IN BUSINESS
WITHOUT REALLY

Thurs. Feb.2 ~
LC 1 7:30 &10:00
81.00 W/Tax Card

s1.50 W/Out

§

TRYING

 

 

sa funded 

 

HAVE YOU E ii “SEEII A [E

(Movies like Sound of Music, Funny Lady,
The Graduate, Grease, and Brian’s Song)
Well, we need all the help we can get to
continue showing you these great movies;

this Semester and in the coming year.
Find out how you can HELP and also learn a lot
about Films and Promotion.
—We're having an interest meeting on

WEDNESDAY, FEB 1 at 7:00 pm in the Campus
Center Ballroom

(Can’t Make It? Call Ron at 462. - 3023 for
more info) a "I'm

IIEII MOVIE?

 

 

\\

 

 

    

   
  
 
  
   
      
     
        
         
 
  
    
   
  
   
     

         
         
      

 

