 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

   
 

FEBRUAR X 24. [984

 

 

By Mark Levine
stvtktvrlrmm .

For all intents ttttd purposes tlte Albany
State‘tnen's basketball team‘s season catue to
a screeching halt last Wednesday itt ()neontu.
when the Red Dragons clittehed tltc second
SUNYAC plnyoi't‘sput with a 66-58 win. The
loss eliminated Albany from SUNYAC play
and arty chance of competing in tire NCAA
tournmnent. liut following Saturday‘s road
win at Cortland and ‘I'uesday‘s nin 0H."
Hamilton. the Danes‘ season may not he of-
ficially over. as they non ltase an outside
cltance of notifying for lite l€('.\(‘ Upstate
New York tournament nevt weekend.

"I think we time an outside eltance." cont-
tnenlcd Albany Head Coach Dick Sauers
after the Hamilton game. “There are a lot-of
good teams that are in contention. l unders-
tattd that Na/atcth. it"tltey don‘t go to tlte
NCAAs. will go. threonta said they uould
go. attd llatniltott “ill go. littt this win gltcs
us an outside shut." t)u|_\ four teams cntt
qualify for tire tournament.

.-\ll of tltese teams have a better record
than the Danes' IJ-li) mark. In ttdditiott.
liinghamton and Rochester also ltad better
records thatt Albany. attd they also must be
considered contenders. according to Sauers.

Whetlter or not the Danes cotupcte itt
postseason play they ended tlteir up-aud-
down season on a winning note Tuesday
evening. The (15-53 nin ot er tlte ('ontittentals
at University (iytn gave the Danes a lit-J
record at bottle for the year.

A l2-7 rttn late in tlte first half. including
two straight jumpers by senior Wilson
Thomas. gave the Danes a 27-22 halftitne
lead. But the story of the first half was
freslnnan Adatn Ursprung's eight rebounds.
nearly half ol'rAlbany‘s total of iii. Ursprttng
also led all scorers with 7.

“He's the best rebottttder I've got.“ Sauers
said. “He‘s the ottly guy we have that really
goes after the ball. He‘s worth his weight in
gold in tltat respect.“

The Danes eante out red ltot in the second
half. as they twice built leads as large as l5
points. A foul line jumper by John Mraeck
gave the Danes a 45-30 cushion with 15

Da nee seak

minutes to play attd they appeared to ltave
complete control. lint over tlte next nine
minutes the Cotttinentuts went on a I7-6

.spttrt. closing to witltin 5i-47 on a iiob

Moore I7-footer. ‘

'i‘wo fottl shots by Hamilton‘s Dave
(leitner brought the Continentals to a five-
point deficit at 55-50 and. following
Ursprtmg's'miss of u otte-attdvone opportuni-
ty for Albany. (leitner was fouled agaitt. This
time he missed. but staldo l’ere/ pufin the
offensive rebound and was fouled. tnakittg
tlte score 55-52. l‘cre/ missed the free throw
and llatnilton got the ball back aguitt a_s
(ieltner picked up the loose rebound. bttt he
u as tltett called fora Iratelliug \t'olation with
just ttttder two minutes to play. .

Dane guard Danny (‘t’ottticr tltett hit a
ayup and six pressure foul shots lit the ensu-
ittg l:.'!() as Albany was able to to hold off the
('ontittetttals‘ rally. L'routier. who shot Iii-l0
frotn the line for the game. said afterwards,
“ f'ltat's my fatoritc part of the game. l'll..sit
on the line all night if i have to."

Croutier lcd Albany in the scoring depart-
ment with lit points and a team-leading nine
assists. hiracck and l)il\L‘ Adam each hit for
|2 points and Thomas. itt ltis final home
game. added it). Ursprung finished the gatne
\\illt It) rchouttds.

With the regular season completed. tlte
Danes must now wait until early Ilt‘.\l neck to
get ttotice on the l-i('A(' totttntnent. “Right
now we‘re going to take a few days ol'fattd if
we get in \se‘ll practice on Monday.“ said
Satters. "I think if we go and tltese guys are
off. by Monday they‘ll want to play ball
again. it‘s an outside chance. but it wottld he
nice. e\en if \\e itad to play these guys
(Hamilton) again."

HOOP-LA: Danes shot 53 percent (ll-l9)
from floor in second half attd 9t) pereettt
(l‘)-2li from line for game . . . Mracek grah-
hetl season high of 7 rebounds vs. llatnilton
and shot 8-8 from floor. l-i froth line for l7
points vs. (‘ortland . . . Danes lost to
Rochester itt first round of ECAC tourney
last year. i ;

Four grapplers head to

By Marc Berman
assoc“ r5 SI’UR rs I;l)I/'ttR

He will be wrestling in a different weigltt
class. at a different site. opposing a brartd
new bunch of wrestlers. most of whom he's
never heard of. But when talking about
Albany State captain Dave Averill. one thing.
seems to always remain the same: when this
NCAA Tournament concludes here in
Binghamton tomorrow night. Averill most
probably will have earned his third con-
sccutivc All-American honors.

The 126 pound Ayerill. along with three
other Dane wrestlers — freshman Shawn

. .53.“-

Fit.

.3

Sheldon. l67 pound sophomore Sandy
Adclstein. and l57 pound sophomore Jerry
Clark. are competing today and tomorrow in
the NCAA Tournament. held this year in
Binghannon. ~

The foursome qualified for the Nationals
two weeks ago when they each placed third or
better in their respective weight classes at the
SUNYACs in Potsdam. "

“We have three wrestlers that have never

been in the National Tottrnament and one _

class wrestler." said Dane coach .loe DeMeo.
“it should be interesting."

if

is“ 

  

Four'Dana wrestlers will compete in this weekend's Division ill Nationals held at
Btnghamton. Tho foursome qualified two'woaks ago at the SUNYACs.

 

ECAC bid after d

Here‘s an in depth look at how each of the

 

ED MANUSSICH UPS?

\

 

efeating‘Hamilton

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Wilson Thomas attempts to tap in a rebound in Albany’s victory over Hamilton Tues-
day night. The senior scored 10 points in his last home game.

'Binghamton for NCAAs

four is expected to fare at the tournament.
Ila-Pound Junior Dave Averill

Averill. a junior. capped All-American
_honors in his first two years at Albany State
when he placed seventh both times in the HS
'pound division. (An eighth place finish or
better qualifies a wrestler for All-American
honors.) ,

Presently wrestling in the l26-pound
weight class. Averill wil be going up against
opponents frotn all over the nation that not
only has he never wrestled. but has never
even seen or heard of.

“Yeah. it’s a heavier weight class." said
Averill. “and the guys are bigger and
stronger but that doesn't bother me. Last
year i had to worry about getting my weight
dowtt constantly. bttt this year i don't have to
as tnttch. it‘s more fun now."

Averill is aiming to surpass his previous
two seventh place finishes. bttt said he
doesn't want to make any predieitons concer-
ning whether he could wind up number one.

“My first concern is winning my first three
matches on Friday which would assure me of
All-American honors." said the junior [26
poundcr. “Then on Saturday. l‘Il start think-
ing about number one."

Averill has only lost to one opponent this
season. Desmond liasnight from Onconta.
who shut out the Dane captain in the dual
nteet season and outpointed hitn in the finals
of the SUNYACs.

And posing an even larger threat is Trenton
College's Orland Caseras. who goes into the
tournament favored to take first place.

Averill is in his finest physical condition of
the season. His minor knee ailment is com-

pletely healed due in part to the light prac~
tiees Coach DeMeo implemented this week.
Ila-Pound Freshman Shawn Sheldon

Sheldon. a freshman who graduated from
Voorltcsville High School. is confident of his
chances of earning All-American honors.
Judging by his brilliant second-place showing
in the SUNYACs. Sheldon has a good shot of
finishing higher than Averill in their respec-
tive weight classes.

“My goal is to place in the top four." said
Slteldon. “I‘m pretty confident l'll qualify
for an All-American."

Two weeks ago at the SUNYACs. Sheldon ’ '
forged into the finals and faced
Binghamton's premier ll8-pottnder. John
Leo. Sheldon was narrowly defeated 5-4 itt a
match as close as they come. The score read
44 after regulation but one point was tacked
on to Leo's total for riding time.

Leo is one of the favorites to capture the ti-
tlc. Another formidable opponent Sheldon
might ltave .to deal with is Bob Tancrillo of
lthaea. Sheldon, however, did upsct
Tancrillo at tltc Empire State (James in the
summer. .

Sheldon is also heading into the tourna-
ment with a slight edge. Each practice this
week he has been wrestling Averill. who
should sharpen his skills.

l77-Pound Sophomore Sandy Adclslein

Unfortunately for Adelstein. he is [wrestl-
ing in a division that features Bighamton's
star Tony Pillari. Pillari is a heavy favorite to
win the title and could play a role in knocking
Adcistein out of the tournament early if the
duo meet today.

18>

 

 

.‘I'nptos-

 

VOLUME LXXI

  

February 28.41 984

.NUMBER 8

J

Tuition hike protest draws sparse attendance

By Jim O'Sullivan
EDIIDRIAL ASSISTANT

About 60enthusiastic students gathered on
the podium outside the Campus Center Mon-
day to protest Governor Mario Cuomo's
planned tuition hike. ,

student Action Committee Chair Steve
Gawley expressed disappointment with the
size of the rally. but said. “it was more vocal
than we expected."

State Quad Coordinator for SAC Gregg
Rothschild was quick to point out however,
that the rally was the first one in several
years. "There hasn’t been a rally like that on

 

:ampus for ages...no one knew what to ex-
II

“For a cold Monday morning to get 60
people out with that kind of enthusiasm is
great." Rothschild said. adding that he
would have liked more publicity. and that
more people might have attended if the the
rally could have been held in the afternoon.
but that then it would have conflicted with
World Week. .

In his proposed 1985 budget Oovcnor
Cuomo has recucstcd a $250 tuition increase
and‘a $150 room and board increase. Last
year tuition and room and board rose $350.

  

Gawley said. .

Gawlcy agreed with Rothschild's reasons
for the low attendance. and noted that the
rally was scheduled to start at llzl5, which is
also the time a class period begins.

Nuala Drescher, President of New York
State United University Professors. the union
which represents SUNY professors. was the
ﬁrst speaker at the rally.

Proclaiming “what hurts you hurts us."
Drcscher told the crowd that UUP ‘was
ﬁghting the proposed tuition hike along with
students. The hike. she maintained. is part of
the “continued expansion of the effort to

downsize the university by the governor."

' Dreschcr also told the crowd not to forget

.that this is an election year and that many
legislators are subject to greater pressure as a
result.

. Vice President of the SUNYA chapter of
UUP Larry Wittner began his speech with a ‘
recollection of the formation of UUP. and
said. “students also have to learn where their
interests lie and act together." He said that
the rich' are in favor of budget and staff cuts.
tuition hikes. and fewer scholarships because
they go to private colleges. SUNY students
are the commoners in this state." he main-

‘ tained. and called for stronger student unity.

    

 

 

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

Monday’s tuition hike rally

 

Si.va sludenls gathered on the podium to rally against lite increases.

 

LISA SIMMONS UPS

I Student Association of the State University
President Jim Tierney spoke next. saying
“there is‘ a need for more student activism."
He also said that the “almost one million
SUNY graduates" were proof that the system
works and is worth fighting for.Tierney said
that if the increases were approved. tuition
would have increased 47 percent in two years.
He also pointed out to the crowd that the in-
flation rate for that period was less than ten
percent.

Noting that this is an election year. Tierney
called for students to use their votes to fight
the proposed hikes. “We’re going to register
and we're going to vote,” he promised. “in
1984 we have to make sure there is no doubt
students are putting up. and if we put up
we're not going to be put down." Tierney
said.

SUNYA Student Association President
Rich Schaffcr called the proposed tuitoin in-
crease a “grossyinjustice,” and he also told

“Tithe audt rice that along with in tuition hike

“what you'll be getting is a new bus fee."
Schaffer said that despite last year's tuition
increase SUNYA had to cut back
maintenance workers. and he pointed out
that bathrooms in dorms are only cleaned
-once a week. 9’

 

By Caryn Miske
smrr WRITER

Surveys have shown that living off-campus is cheaper
but not by much. according to Karlecn Karlson. Director
of the Off-Campus Housing ofﬁce.

For the past two years. the issue of of f-campus housing
expenses versus on-campus housing costs has been studied

' by surveys put out by the off-campus housing ofﬁce.

Karlson noted that. according to the surveys. the

'average off-campus student paid $125
I l per month rent. This figure included News
.; heat and utilities. The average monthly
; food bill came to $80 per month which. 
‘ Karlson said. brought the cost of living
’ of f-eampus for a school year to approximately $2,200.

When comparing this to on-campus housing. Karlson
pointed out that to live in a normal occupancy uptown
dorm costs SL400 for nine months. The 20-meal per week
board plan costs $963. which brings the yearly total to
$2.363. Economically, noted Karlson. this is a small dif-

i fcrcncc as compared to living off-campus.
The surveys for‘the past two years have shown that off-
campus rents have remained relatively stable. whereas five
' years ago rents were steadily increasing. commented
‘ Karlson. Angela Moltaire. an Albany landlord agreed. in
'regard to her own rent. she said. “in the last couple of
[years there has only been very minimal increases. Since
there are no rising costs to deal with. the most rent has
gone up in the past two years is $10."

Karlson, who is also on the UAS Board of Dircctors.
will be part of the decision-making group on board in-
creases. “Depending upon dorm increases. next year liv-
ing on-campus should be comparable to living off-campus
because of the twelve month lease.” said Karlson. The
twelve month lease Karlson referred to is the type most
landlords require of their tenants.

“There is no rent control in Albany.” said Karlson.
"Therefore. if dorm rates go up so will rent. This may be
difficult for students who have loans because SUNYA

 

r This may tend to limit a sfudcnt‘s choices," she added.

permits students to defer all payments as long as your
loan is being precessed. but landlords want cash up front.

The possibility of a bus fee could raise the cost of living
for those of f-campus students without cars and Karlson
noted that fewer students now have cars at school. The
surveys indicated that 55 percent of the students had cars
last year while 80 percent had cars the year before.
However. the instances of car pooling have dramatically
increased. said Karlson. 19 percent of the students drove
to school with friends two years ago. as compared to 44
percent who did last year.

The surveys pointed out that in recent years it has been
the trend for landlords to not include utilities in the mon-
thly rent. Karlson maintained, “the main reason for this
is that students raise the heat to very high levels when they
are not directly paying for it." 6) percent of the students
in the survey had to pay a separate utility bill. However.
Moltaire. who has been a landlord of both houses and
apartments for tWenty years still includes untilities in
monthly bills. “Students are usually pretty good about
the heat. if they are hiking it up too high. 1 ﬁnd that it's
usually not intentional."

Albany County's anti-grouper law prohibits more than
three unrelated people living under the same roof.
However. said Karlson, this law is not strictly enforced as
long as tenants do not become a problem.

Karlson pointed out that Albany has an extremely low
vacancy level. “Only 1.5 to 2 percent of the housing is
unoccupied. whereas in other cities this size. i0 percent of
the housing is un0ccupicd." Moltaire agreed. saying that
every year the demand for housing increases. The apart-
ment pool is limited. said Karlson, who added, “If
students don't get a house by March l. campus paranoia
sets in because students think there is nothing left. This is
hardly the case.”

According to the survey, the primary reason that both
males and females move of f-eampus is to get more

9b

Surveys reveal off-campus housing costs less

 

 

a
Oil-Campus Housing Director Karlecn Karlson
Students move ofﬁcampus to get privacy. J

 

I) MARUWCH UPS

 

 

 

 

