 

Av—w—v. \. m

a»

.pg

MW“. .— .-.

-~W~.-.. g-

 

w.“ “< 7‘_L I?

   

.. . «.5...

.~. 3? watt.

 

" :5‘92323‘;«'~“Y‘MW91:1~ :u-

COLUMN 1
 Graduate student fee unjust .

 

 

       

v Is I _ ‘- 'r
( The fol/outing is a simulated dill/041w be
and Ms. Poll, who have Just/earlier! 0ft. ‘

victory in the New Hampshire Democralie primary.)

Media: What a ripoff! I had this election wrapped tip in
record time...antl now look what _t,hcije done, I g , '5
Poll: Where Ldi‘d‘ we go wrong? It was foolpro" ‘ _l3vcry
statistic in the book had_Mondale' a runaway winner. You
ltand them an election on a silver platter — vote Mondale. no
questions asked; just like the polls said — and.this is what
you get. Voters— always have to have their own way.
Media: They just don't appreciate a goo‘thing when they
see it. My people took this primary so mitehsl‘or granted they
didn't even bother considering whelh'er Mondale would win.
but just how much he‘d win by. You'd think those voters
would have taken our word and landslided the guy in.
Mediaand Poll: We slave away for months to smother tlte
elections: in-prcdlctable.‘ palatable.results for our consttnter
citizens. .All’we ‘ask' is:t,hat"'tl_t“eyr»j. Trip" on, our, little build-
wago'n‘. But "nol:What do they‘want from as]! ‘
' (enie'r Mr. and Mrs. Voter) ‘ . _

 

 

      

Mhth-t/ia 
'JIar/ is upset

  
  
 

 

arlt , f
.. Hi...\ri§ft't’s ttett~?"G.rt§_tt-p; ary. lit
the matter With yott two?
Mediugllow L‘t‘gllid you betray
y'oi‘t? Ytut"\'t' rltittcd ct’ciytlting—
t.’ l’ollz..W.ltut Jll)’ colleaguemeans ts llta
defied our efforts to inform you. andhelpyouas much‘aL
possible in determining the results of theiprlmat‘y ff} v‘
Voters: Look. we‘re people. not sheep ‘1"
stuck on the idea of a tteat Mondale‘vit
have to blindly follow your lead. You‘t .
and day out, for months. ad nattseunt. B_
open. we'reithc only voice that counts
Poll: But don’t yott realize what you‘ve done

  

 

\vorlf— ' 2 .  .
Voters: Whttt we've done is to prove to‘Amei'teanS'tha
regardless of the constant barrage ot'_media hype and
pollsters' statistics. detttocracy is alive and well and still'in the"
hands of the people. Maybe we'll have inspired them to defy
your pat conclusions and discover their own polities. '
Media: Bttt— ' ' - ‘

       
   
 

Lyou ,seem utorhave. 

     
    
  

‘ Media: f‘The Scrip? and ﬂower 0.
“.multimedia extravaganza.‘f Hm ‘

. ,lhelr own'trt

 

 hope of ar-i'r _ I . 
 "Democrat's’asraserious challenge

 

.3 .o
t. .t
v olso turned 'llVe ’non-race
nlo a boiﬁ‘tfide political battle. In.

  

tlte Dctttocr'atic
d of competing

. any. .. V .
for the top spot in‘ _g[eyes. Mondale nthﬁHttrl will actually

have to address the is '__’ xwith ltonesyé‘ititd energy. facing
citizens who for the ﬁrst Milt-Welt 'may he reaming the
.scopeofethei‘gtpqwerur.  c. . , -.
Poll: 1 wonderjtha, ‘

 
 
  
   
    

  

 

. - ‘pit

the '54 Vote: tut?
.l . ,

 

is are not art ctid in
“inﬁgso bogged dowit in
wthghltaven't really offered
.lteag’a'n with. Now. tvith the
peoplghight ‘start taking tilt:

I I eagan ttt November.
rPoll: “Has theghiew Hampshire primary inspired you to m.
ject the patconelusions of the media‘

yot'ers: Anddo'n” ;l‘o get:
ttt'cntsetvés'ah‘ejpe '

ii

  

 
  
   

   
   

anything of sti V
' ttce beginntng,

 

 

‘ and the polltakers. attd
.turn a freshieyé. to the '84 campaign?"

.Media: “New Hampshire primary rocks polls and media:

signals new hope for cilizcn power in ’84 vote."
Voters: Well, it's an improvement. -

 

Last semester the undergraduate Student Association pro-
posed inslituting a mandatory graduate student activities fee.
The SUNYA administration placed the proposal on hold un-
til it received input from graduate students.

Before discussing the issue as it presently stands. a discus-
sion of the issue's history is in order. The proposal last
semester included holding a student-wide referendum on the
issue. Both graduates and undergraduates would vote on the
issue. but before the referendum could be held. the issue was
put on hold.

Etobert Martiniano

This semester a combined committee of faculty. ad-
ministrators, undergraduate. and graduate students formed
to deal with the issue of a graduate student activities fee. Its
deadline for makings recommendation to President O‘Lcary
is early April. Discussion. hOWever. has not been equitable.

Major consideration in any voting is who will vote. Tltc
Student Association cites “one man/woman one vote." The
Student Association understands that stacking the vote will
undoubtedly result in an overall vote of approval. even with
graduate student disapproval. Currently undergraduates out-
number graduates by a three to one margin and have more
access to the voting process. With the graduate popttlation
sixty-three percent part-time and the hours and availability
of voting restricted. undergraduates would dictate the
referendum's outcome. To anyone versed in political
fairness. this voting proposal is blatantly unfair. The Student
Association would bitterly oppose the people of the City of
Albany determining student rights; yet. the Student Associa-
tion has the audacity to let one grottp of people decide the
rights and obligations for another grottp of people.

Once voting procedures are dealt with. the substance of
the proposal can be dealt with. Officials of the Student
Association proposed the graduate student activities fee to
both improve overall services to all students and to tlcliwr
perceived needed services to graduate students. Anyone who
has understood the art of taxation reztli/cs that taxes and fees
are levied only to increase or create revenue. Seldom ever has
increased revenues increased services. The Student Associa-
tion is no different. Existing groups ltavc been fighting to ct
the limited revenues thc Stttdcttt Association currently brings
in. These existing groups will fight over new revenues L'\L‘tl
before graduatestttdcnt groups ltttvc the opportunity to tie
for these revenues.

Graduate students. also. have neitltcr expressed the ttcctl
or the desire to rccieve Student Association sponsored \Ul»
vices. Graduate student representatives have stated that the)
do not need or want Student Association sponsored services,

Currently students without tax cards cannot use Student
Association sponsored services. though some do. i‘Itll film-
and concerts. students. who do rtol pay an activities Icc. pay
an additional L‘tN above those students who pay their ac-

 

 

Wanted:

Columns and essays on political and other
topics of interest. Maximum of 600 words.
Please contact Ed Reine: at the ASP or
leave your column in CC 329. Please in-
clude a name and telephone number

 

tivitics fee. For other services such as the Student Association
lawyer or joining Stttdent Association sponsored and funded
organizations. no such stipulation exists. The Student
Association believes that graduate students use these services
substantially enough to warrant imposing a mandatory ac-
tivities fee on graduate students.

Two of the bigger expenditure items for the Student
Association are films and concerts. Again, students without
tax cards pay a higher price for these services. Services such
as the lawyer. the radio station. and the operating costs of
the Student Association are also high expenditure items for
the Student Association. The radio station is a public eom-
tnodity and cannot have its expenditures meted out between
graduate and undergraduate students. though I would con-
ject that most graduate students living off-campus are too
busy to listen lo it. Overwhelmingly. undergraduates use
legal services. For non-tax card holders, the Student Associa-
tion could establish a fee schedule similar to the prorated
prices paid at concerts and films. And for the operation and
stipends ot' the Student Association. well especially for
graduate students. it is an unnecessary expense.

Expenditures for services are contingent upon proximity.
town does not attempt to tax or Supply services to the.
residents of New York; yet. the Student Association pro-

poses to tax a non-contiguous group of graduate students.
Most graduate students live off-campus in contrast to most
undergraduates living on-eampus. Many graduate students
have internships and professional work experiences which
take them away from the classroom and the university setting
a substantial portion of the day. Only thirty-seven percent ol
the graduate students are full-time. Part-time graduate
students attend one or two classes a week and work full and
have families and substantial lives away from tltc university
setting. Six graduate programs exist totally separate from the
uptown campus. These students usually are on the Uptown
campus twice a semester ~ once to preregistcr and once to
purchase books.

Taxing these individuals is not only unwarranted but a
travesty of justice. Any amount no matter how small \tnultl
represent more money spent than services received.

During the entire debate on the graduate slttdcnl uclhilit‘t
fee, the Student Association has showed an lllscnsilitll)
toward the interests and the needs of thc graduate student.
With only dollar signs in front of them. Slttdettt Association
ofﬁcials have attempted to assess additional costs on
graduate students who currently pay more in lllllltlll than
undergraduates. The Student Association should im‘clttlilt
needs before attempting to increase costs. stltttclilttty it hm
yet not done.

 

Ull 0B5iRliBS
Stt Add
it lliBANONI Ha:

 

 

 

    
   
  

   

Nice lob,
didn'i You
+hink? q

< ,

I
y\n w
' Wt Stella...an

 
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

