 

byJerry Campione- _

 

 

"‘lt was 20 years ago today . . . " ,

How often will we hear those words this yearl After
'all. It is 20 years since. the Beatles first set foot In
America. February 7. 1964. Most'of us were less than
three years old. Yet. who can honestly say. they've
never'felt some Impact by the Beatles. be it good or
bad?

"I wanna hold your hand." the Beatles sang in 1964.
and it all seemed so innocent. Here they were. four
young men with long (?) hair and collarless suits who ar-
rived to sweep young girls off their feet and charm their
way into the hearts of Americans. And this they did.
Why. they even got stonefaced Ed Sullivan to smile.

Suddenly, as if a flacdgate had opened. the Beatles
were everywhere. CLICK! The Beatles on Ed Sullivan.
CLlCK! The Beatles in Washington. DC. CLICK! Back
to New York for two ShOWS at Carnegie Hall. CLICKl
Miami and still another Sullivan appearance. Within
one month the Beatles had done what it took other
groups (With the possible exception of Elvis) years to do
— conquer America.

Everyone jumped on the Beatle bandwagon. Radio
stations such as WINS and “W A Beatle C" in New York
gave up to the minute reports on the Beatles‘ activities.
All of a sudden. it was_"9:30 Beatle-time" and “62
Beatle-degrees” outside. Woolworth's raked in large
amounts of money selling “Beatle Wigs." the alternative
to growing your hair longer in conservative 1964.

Nineteen sixty-four was a banner Beatle year. The
whole story started years before (1956. to be exact) and
1962 was their breakthrough year in England. But 1964
was definitely the biggest. Due‘to the fact that America
was two years behind in music releases. the Beatles
were all over the charts. Six albums and ten singles In
one year alone. That's more than some chart-busting
bands put out in a career — remember Boston?

But the Beatles were there with more than just the
music. 1964 featured a motion picture (critics called
them the next Marx Brothers). a book by their leader
(John Lennon’s In His Own Write). and numerous con-
cert appearances. with over 70.000 attending at Shea
Stadium alone.

“Tell Me Why." the Beatles asked. yet no one could.
No one could explain the reason why the Beatles took
off like they did. “They‘re just different." is what one fan
said in February 1964. "American singers are so clean
cut." added another. There was a struggle outside
hotels to touch a Beatle. or at least to see a Beatle.
Police commented on how it was never like this. not

 

 

 

 

 

even for kings and queens. -.

But the Beatles were more titantkings. they were
idols. Renco. a toy company. made dolls of them and
girls bought them as though they were religious sym-
bols. Bubblegum cards became instant collec'tors' items.
and fan magazines became required reading."

But the Beatles didn't stagnate alter their initial suc-
cess like some bands do. Instead they cdntlnued to
grow. "Yesterday," released in 1005. was nothing like
“She Loves You" of the year before Yet both hit No. 1
on the cltarts. And “Nowhere Man"(t966) was nothing
like "Yesterday." yet it too L‘ltttibetl the charts. Why?

One reason was that the Beatles didn't lock

themselves into an image, They grew. They didn’t want

to be 21 forever. They knew tlwyuould grow up. and
their music grew with them. “thttl‘m 64." is a perfect
example. Some day (yes. livatlettianlacs). Paul Mc<
Cartney will be 64. And at [vast ltczan face it.

With evarything the Beativs (ii; they influenced
others. they stopped touring tsunething early '605
bands never did). in 19M). but tl \t‘rtEOK. They used or-
chestras and reversed tapes and ni=cured lyrics. but it
was OK. They grew It‘tiislrtt’lii“v ml beards and long
hair. but it was OK. in fact. inst altut everything they
did was OK with almost U\‘t'i\.‘lilttl\ I

And when things wurun‘t tiltwerybody knew it.
And everybody let them know. it ohn Lennon's off-
hand remark that the BL'rttlt's '.|.'t.’it bigger than Jesus
Christ touched off tttrtss tut. in! twin: ngs in the midwest
and decreased attendance in than .)l’lC€l’lS.

But he apologized. and \ntitir-nltcverything was OK
once again.

The Beatles' effect on on tun following in their
footsteps in the British llll’rtxit ~n  trimmeasurable. For
instance. did you know:

that the Rolling from? jirst chart record
was a cover 0/ a Heal/U5 lttt ' ‘Wanna Be Your
Man?"

that flaf/UIIIH‘ hit tomato] Billy J. Kramer
and the Dakotas were (‘t't'tltii it in iunnon-McCartney?

that other top fft rush gittryps who recorded
Beatle-penned songs incinrttv i l’vtt‘ttand Gordon. the
Fourmost. and Cream?

that between No.9 (ititll 1969. 21 songs
were recorded by other artists that mire never recorded

 

 

 

 

by the Beatles. although they wrote the songs?

that the television series “The Monkees"
was inspired by the movie "Help!?"

The list could go on and on . . .

in 1970, “The Long and Winding Road" came to an
end, The group. once referred to by Paul as being “real-
ly the same person. We're just four parts of the one."
had indeed become four parts.

But the influence didn't stop. They've now been apart
longer than they were together. yet they still sell millions
of records each year. “Beatlefest '84" was a sell-out in
New York. and albums that have been released since
i970 have easily sold as many copies as albums releas-
ed by some working bands today.

December of 1980 will probably be remembered as
much as February of 1964. for it was itt December of
1980 that tnany dreams came to an end with John Lon-
non's murder. attd any hopes for the long-awaited reu»
nion were (lashed. People who hoped to meet just one
of the Beatles lost their chance to meet the most accessir
ble of the tour.

Although a reunion is no longer possible. perhaps it's
better that way. What we have now is a perfect catalog
of the Beatles. Even the horrible recordings of the
Beatles itt Hamburg in 1002 are perfect. because we
know they're 22 years old. We can accept poor quality.
it‘s the Beatles.

What would have happened if the Beatles stayed
together? Or reunited? Perhaps it would have tarnished
a sterling reputation. .

Here it is. 20 years after they arrived. Today. kids go
out and buy Beatle albums they never heard of and
treat them as new records. Maybe that’s the best part.
Many of the Beatles' records are still better than much of
today’s new music.

it’s good to know that when one gets tired of all the
techno-pop that's being fed to us from all directions to-
day. one can look in the record cabinet and take out a
Beatles album.

lt's fitting that on the twentieth anniversary of their arr
rival. a Paul McCartney record was slowly moving
down the charts (after a healthy stay at No. 1). while a
new John Lennon record worked its way up, it proves
on thing —- the Beatles will always be here.

Nicholas Schaffner put it best in the title of his 1977
book — “The Beatles Forever." l"

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

