   
 

 

 

as, mg n . c

in
I
I
l _
l;
'r.
i.
I


aha...

_ elcome to the Singing
Welcome to the Gathering
Take time to take in what's happening
And what's happening will take to you. "

Ruth Pelharn spent two hours at Chapel
House Wednesday night. singing her original
folk songs with no accompaniment but her
guitar and a plain. sometimes shrill. but always
melodic voice.

Jim O’Sullivan

Pelham began with a song based on the
lyrics above. and before the end of that first
song. had taken forty people out of their little.
isolated bubbles and cliques and Into a World
of music and hope and belief that the common
person has a lot to love In his world.

The forty-odd people had gathered for
Chapel House's weekly Comrrrunity Supper.
which this week had been prepared by JSC
and was opened wlh traditional Hebrew
prayers. Pelharn took the little groups people
were sitting In and brought them together. for-
ming a room full of people singing loudly and
enjoying themselves.

 

 

A political activist In part through her music.
Pelharn sang a short but fast paced song that
she said was partly based on what she sees as
the questionable sincerity of President
Reagan. “I thought of Reagan just grinning on
the television . . . and how he's an actor."

"As we work all our lives to make money
Someone is fattening his tummy

On you and me '

Who could it be

It’s Uncle Sam

What he giuetlr he taketh tomorrow
Smiling. conveying hls sorrow

Personally llue on TV

it's Uncle Sam . . .

Pelharn is the founder of a well known
Albany establishment. the Music Mobile.
which she takes to area schools. and in the
summer to neighborhoods. and sings for
children. Through her work with the Music
Mobile. Pelharn tries to educate children on
values she believes in. concepts of work.
recvcllng. sharing. cooperation. and respect

for others. “These are concepts that are really
clear to me." she said.

One of the songs she has written for
children Is about an instrument which can be
made with an egg cation and some pebbles
which sounds like a maracca. She calls It the
“Shaker Song." and what is most memorable
about this simple song is the anecdote she told
after she sang it.

l’ellrinn said that sltc‘ receivch a letter from a
man she Would not meet until several months
later. In it he described how her song had
helped imprisoned demonstrators in Califnr~
nin keep their spirits up. He had learned the
song with a different title "‘Gravel in the Car
ton’ is how we lttrt rgierl at the Santa Rita
prison after the l.i\.’ctntrrc Lab blockade in do
ly" read the letter,

“The contrast of little street ruffians to peo-
ple putting their lives on the line Just delighted
me." she said Wednesday night.

One of the most incredible moments of the

I 'Ti‘t'ro Irish Guys Sitting A

IsPlainlv Perfect
w . y I

   

 
  

 

aund writing .

   

, \ \ \
. Bob Sousa UPS
evening canre when Pelharn sang a song sim-
ple In Its words like almost all her songs. about
her maternal grandmother. who she told us
had emigrated from Europe. married David
Goldberg. and opened a store in Brooklyn In
the early 19005,

“If there‘s (r ittUltlutt tit/IO l louc In my life

It's tny grondrtto Minnie. my motlu'r's rrrorrr
Front Rurrronin s/rc cnrrrc. Goldberg is llt‘i'
name

She's nry gronrlrrro, my rrrotlrcr's morn "

l'ellmnr then asked for audience rni'rnhcrn
to tell about their grandmothers. and to
substitute their specifics into her songs The

group was told of Rulrccca. who utntgratcd
from Kiev. married in IIIZZ. and lived bur lrlt.‘
tending a Manhattan store. Hr unicorn-'s grand
mother hailed from Pittsburgh. and had just
celebrated her ‘lilth birthday Ilcr grand
daughter told us how she had bur-n taught

 

 

 

 

 

Wen Jack Brown was not quite nine»
teen. immediately following a breakup
with his girlfriend which many
psychologists have since theorized left deep
- emotional scars on his psyche. he sat down In
front of his Smith Corona one evening at Just
past twelve o'clock and said to himself. “Fuck.
this Introspective. present tense. F.Scott Fit»‘
zgerald bullshit. let me try to develop my own
bryle. to branch out In new directions. to carve -
a niche In literary history for myself."
And. so saying. he went to work.

I

Jim Lally

The attempt‘went well for a time. but when ‘
rown finally finished his first short story.
ollshed it and toned lt up. and handed It In to .
is creative writing teacher for constructive
-:riticlsm. he was told. “Very good. Jack.
eads a lot like F. Scott Fitzgerald." ‘

 

 

 

Psychologists now believe that It was at this '
oint that Brown's mind completely snapped.
lthough there is no evidence to substantiate
is theory other than Brown's sudden and
rutal murder of the professor. an anatomical
- paradox that was accomplished with erasers In
a manner no coroner has yet been able to ex-
Iain or duplicate. The deranged writer then
let out, on the run. with a year's supply of
Clash tapes and typing paper.

Needless to say. every publisher in the
ountry was now ciaznorlng for his work. and
the public. for Its part. was reading his stories
gs voracioust as If they had had some literary
merit. and the popular concensus. especially

gigantic World Trade Center-

Goodyear blimp disaster (again. a puultng
eat accomplished solely by the use of
_ d erasers and a half-chewed stick of
Douﬂemtnt), was that whatever publishing
_ t the ri his to the book he wrote

 
    
    
  
   
    
 

 

   

 

An Original Style

 

 

when he was finally caught and put on death
row would have a volume rivaling the New
Testament in market value.

Obviously. Brown's run of luck couldn't
last. and for years lie was impossible to ap-
prehend. a feat which probably did more
damage to his career than anything else that
ever occurred to him. even more than the fact
that he didn't know the difference between an
adjective and an adverb. and was constantly
using one In place of the other. r

He found solace. , .maybe even love. for a
time. . .in the arms of a Haitian Immigrant
named Ingrid. and for a short while slipped off
the FBI's well-known . Most Dangerous
Loonles List. In'fact. It wasn't until three mon-
ths later. after Ingrid had died of some new
disease. that the well-beloved criminal return-
ed to the Most Wanted List with a stunning trl-

ple murder involving two.week~old bananas..'.

 

 

 

and a small jar of brown Kiwi shoe polish. and
jumped onto the best-seller list with his magni-
fying philosophical epic. My Mother Was a
Hamster Salesman,

In early 1975. however. the FBI arrested
Brown outside the offices of Doubleday in
New York. where he was dropping off a new
novel. The insane auteur was charged with
seventeen separate counts of first degree
murder. and 457 counts of dangling par-
ticiples. a crime that was. In the early seven-
ties. punishable by death.

Things looked grim for Brown.

On the other hand. book sales had doubl-
ed.
To his publishers. it seemed an equitable

:rade. .
%
John Harold (Jack) Brown was executed

an'jAprll 13.. 1975. The above story Is totally
true; only the names have been changed. [3t

how to drink and play poker by this lady. who
Is now living In a Maine nursing home. "We
should sing loud so she can hear us." Pelharn
told the group as she began the same verse us-
Ing the woman's name and birthplace.

The audience was visibly moved as people
told of their grandmothers. one of whom
worked It“ the last year of her life. When the
doctors told her she was dying of cancer. she
didn't stop her work and wait to die. but in-
stead took the year off to take a cruise around
the world.

One of the last people to speak told ol a
grandmother who fled the Nazis with her six
daughters. and was on the second to last boat
out of Hungary before that country fell to the
Germans. The room was filled with silence as
,the girl said she had never met her grand
mother. but. at Pelharn's questioning. told oi
the pictures she has of her grandmother

Pelham told of the time she spent last surn
rrrer at the Seneca Women's Peace Camp our
side the Seneca Arnry Depot, A group of
women sat in a circle and sang. each one in
turn. telling of one of her grandmothers. After
the song the women drew pictures of their
grandmothers and lacked Ilren to the gates of
the depot. only to watch as guards ripped the
papers off.

"We were doing nothing that was
defiant . . . but when I saw the MP go for the
piece of paper that had my grandma's name
on It. and It was sacred to me. In that one act it
showed how far away we were" from the
beliefs of the Ml’s. she said.

One of the most magical moments of the
evening came when Pelharn was singing a
song she wrote based on conversations with
nursing home residents. She began by asking
for finger strapping. which the audience on
Ilrtrsiastically responded to When. half way
through the song and out of nowhere. nllt'
asked for some toe-tapping. the audit-nu-
responded immediately without cinrsrrronslv
thinking .rhrrtrt it. and lllL‘tt finally started clap
ping along without any priirnpting. After that
HIV audience began singing along without
l'ulhanr having to ask. and she obvioust
delighted III the additional voices and un-
ilrtt‘thrsnr

(trio of the most thought provoking of
I’L'lhanr's songs was a song about divorce that
she sang in a quiet. subdued voice as shetold
of .1 child's difficulties in school and sociallr
and then of the anguish of parents in the sr'tua
litnr: ,

“Your Mom and I are friends

No longer husband and wife

But we will love you always
We'll tour: you all our litres

And then we cried. cried. cried. "

"I've seen so many kids walking around
feeling sad about it (divorce) . . . and l really
didn't know of any song that addressed that
concern." Pelharn said she had received runny
letters from parents thankirrg her for the song
which told of the healing It facilitated.

Pelham's last song. entitled, “I Am a
Woman." was one she wrote while at the
Seneca Women's Camp. It was inspired. sht-
said. by a Chilean poet and singer named Vic
tor .lara who was killed by the junta. Jara died
singing one of this many songs about Chile
and the political situation there. while he was
being tortured by government troops.

Personally. I like The Who. Elton John. the
Pretenders. and I love Roman Holliday and
Billy Joel. But Pelharn sang with an honesty
which was shattering. Her voice alone is not a'
beautiful singing voice. and her guitar helped
basically In that it was a pleasant background
accompaniment. but when she added her sim-
ple words to the voice and guitar she was fully
inspiring. If you don't believe that everyday
people can win against the big guys. an hour
other music will leave you confident that grass
roots movements can win, but you‘ll also
know the pain and suffering that goes with the
territory. r

Men and women alike sang Pelham‘s last
song together. for as she explained. she tried
to use "person" or "human." but felt that eaCh
of these ended with male suffixes. So Instead
she used the word “woman.”

"I am a woman here on planet earth.
‘tht’zlue a song to sing. a song sung birth-to
lrt .

No one. nobody. no powers that be.
Shall ever. ever. ever take my song away from
me. '

 

 

   

 

a

 

 

bi‘t

 

   

   
    
   
   
  
  
    
 
    
   
   
  
 
   
   
 
    
 
  
  
    
  
    
   
 
 
 

. 2.4.934  

oday I spoke with one of the Soviet
students. They only came over a cou-
ple of days ago. enroute from Moscow
ck Iles wrapped around their neck's. l
for them because they stood out so
ously at the reception that was held In
nor. There was no question as to
f the bodies roving around the room ,
d to a Soviet. No one had to hunt;
own like wild rabbits under the dark
I the woods.‘

mes Sale

' stood out.
they stood out awkwardly since theyl
n dressed In suits and ties . . . freshr
I e shore of respectability and the
Ilc daily grind. Most of them looked

routing from their cheeks and chins.
wspaper reporters had a field day with
ought provoking questions as: "Just
0 you hope to gain In coming to the

ty dammit. I really needed a change of r
. . . . lwanted to push away the clouds
' uch the sky . . . Contemplate In a
' . . . but nothing In particular.
V In a new gust of wind from a place I'vet
even heard of. . .to go away into
mity and live In obscurity for
. . maybe not for good but at least for
Ion. I’d have gone to the Black Sea If
d asked me. They offered the US. In-
- I took It. You only live once." But l'm
ne of them said that. They just recited
ual pleas for Peace and International
tandlng like an Intellectual recites
'x'i Forget about Improvisation.
_llared one of them roaming around the
‘ today — International Day. He was still
suit and tie;~and what's more. a tren-
L't a la KGB. It was a little rough going at
cause I asked him such stupid ques-
‘Dld you have a class yet today? How's
food so far . . . and living conditions?"
The Russians have come. The Russians
have come . . . and now that I've got one.

lg elcome back. Woody. After making a
Wpair of miserable so-called comedies.

. t Stardust Memories and A Midsummer
Night's Sex Comedy. Woody Allen pulled off
a successful screen comeback this summer in
thelxechntcally fascinating Zellg. Zeltg was an
intetestlng experiment. but was less a truly
lun'r'ty or engrossing motion picture than It was
a technical marvel. Now. with a little fanfare.
Mrﬁwl‘Allen has returned to do what he does
' good. old-fashioned comedy.

 

  

{Ian Spelling

"Although Allen’s latest entree, Broadway
{Johny Rose. is more amusing and wistful than
riotously funny. It stands up well with his
ptgérlous classics like Take The Money And
Rap. and Sleeper.

Fanny's story Is told rather uniquely. A
grg‘up of comedians are gathered around a
V In New York's Carnegie Delicatessen to
9 stories about their favorite bargain base-
rrt t talent agent. One of the men soon
(lgglares that he has the ultimate Danny Rose
anecdote. When he begins to narrate the
st'_ . the picture fades from the deli and shifts
toa he story Itself. Except for occasional. early
ir‘i 'rrupttons by the comedians to ask ques-
tib‘ps ("This Is a funny story?"). the film re-
mains In ﬂashback form.

[he ﬂashback takes us back In time to where
m phlumpy looking Danny Rose is eagerly
pi xparlng Lou Canova. the only member of
h stable with a decent chance to reach the big
II 2. for his latest nightclub performance.
l4 u. a rotund and fairly talented teen-dream
ct oner from the fifties. has high hopes of
It} king a belated comeback. a comeback
w Ich depends on Danny's convincing Milton
B do to come and hopefully enjoy Lou's act.
If Berle does enjoy Lou's work, the singer
C ttld then appear on Berle's nationally
a revised show.
After securing Berle’s appearance. Broad-
!" v Danny Rose really takes off, as we are In-

  

ussian Dressing

   
  

   
 
 
 

what the hell do I do with him? Actually he
wasn’t a Russian. but a Tartar. What luckl A
Tartar.

As he was answering my questlon about
Soviets tilllng their private land out in the
country I saw him climb aboard a beautiful
Black Stallion. He took off his trenchcoat and
used It for a saddle. Then he screamed out
some hellishly spine-chilling Tartar war cries at
a throng of astonished students. Tables.
chairs. wine bottles. books. rucksacks. and
Long Island girls with real color coming to
their cheeks bounced across the floor as my
friend the Tartar made off for the other side of

 

 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  

the world. HIs pasty white face had transform-
ed itself Into wlld sage and he wore a long
black moustache of porcupine needles. He
and his steed clashed through the glass doors
dragging along one of those frail little college
girls . . . Into the unknown. With his neckties
In one hand my Tartar urged his horse on-
ward. ended the day by rubbing his porcupine
quills against the soft down of Miss P's
cheeks . . . and just maybe he hung the set-
ting sun with the noose of that necktie.
Tartar blood. It must be running around his
body doing the work of Mexican hot sauce on
an innocuous bean and cheese burrito. I know

   
  

 

I've got It Inside of me. My grandparents came

from Russia and It's not for nothing that I’ve
got slanted eyes.

Tartar blood. Most of the time it has left me
stranded in the Caucasus of my mind. Strung
out In some outlying region galloping along on
is horse that Pechorin used to ride. Ahhhhh.
Kalinka Kaltnka Kalinka maaya. There aren't
any Kallnkas around here; at least I haven't
seen any riding the school bus on cold winter
mornings. or squeezing themselves Into the
security of school desks.

And Kallnkas just don’t agonlze over mak‘
mg 100 grand a year — whether they should
become lawyers or bank managers. I don't
think there are either lawyers or bank
managers In the Caucasus. The place Is not

.renowned for such things. They speak a dif:

ferent language there . . . many different

flanguages. They don't understand terms like

“In fact" and “without a doubt." There is no
reed for such linguistic makeup In the
Iaucasus. LIfe winds Itself around a coil of

j uncertainties and springs to life In a ﬂash. The

sun may rise In a series of explosions. Shafts of
lightning might shoot their arrows Into the
morose humming of tedIum. Rain thunders
down and washes away the petty whining of
modern day business as usual relationships.
NIneteen-eighty-four Is beyond comprehen-
sion since the Caucasus Is a place that time has
forgotten. Men In Tartar caps stlll ride around
on horses. and horses in eternity still gallop
across the earth. And the earth remains fertile.
lThe air is filled with haunting music that has no
‘need to be written down. It lies imprinted
upon the soul and yet It Is reinvented each
time anew . . . cha cha cha cha cha.

We sang Russian melodies today: rousing
songs, nasty licentious songs. and songs drip-
ping with sentlmentallty. We sang because it
was fun . . . because music is one ofthe truly
rare forms of communication In which people
share themselves . . .because music
transcends the necktie world. I only wish my
Tartar friend could have been with us. but by
then he was probably racing across the ex-
.panse of his own Caucasus 9n the way to his
next class. C]

ose—Colored Glasses

manages to get Danny Into all kinds of trouble.
which he spends a large portionof the film get-
ting out of.

But the heart of this bittersweet Rose lies in
the trust and love between Danny and his
"family" of misfit clients. He loves them all.
and takes a deep. honest. and personal In-
terest In each of their careers. He believes In
his clientele as much as they believe In him.
And this is by no means your ordinary group:
included In the menagerie are a one-legged
tap dancer. a blind xylophonist. a couple
which makes balloon animals. and a ventrilo‘
qutst so awful that kids at birthday parties
heckle him for moving his lips.

At Thankglving. we witness a down-but-
iot-out Danny Rose happily serving T,V. din-
ners to his adopted brood. This scene Is not
only truly touching. but it is also the most poig-
nant moment in a film filled with emotionali
scenes.

Allen. of course. directed and wrote Broad-
way Danny Rose. Also as usual.
cinematographer Gordon Willis has shot the
film In black and white. Unlike the earlier

 

Zellg. the technical aspects of Danny Rose are I
not overwhelming. Instead. we are given an
honest and realistic story about a kind-hearted
man who deserves admiration rather than
sympathy or plty.

Allen. as an actor, breathes life Into an
already well-developed character. The au-
dience cares about Danny Rose. and this is
Allen's first film in which his character has
Jeen an accessable one. We know that Danny
s a loser. that he will never make it big. but the
falent Agent Hall of Fame Is not his goal; and
that Is why both Danny and the film are so
likeable. Neither attempts to be something it Is
not.

Not to be neglectd in during all of this praise
for Allen are the performances of Nick Apollo
Forte as Lou and Mia Farrow as Tina. Forte's
assured acting style and natural charisma aid
In turning a potentially negative character Into
one which complements Allen perfectly.

 

tn duced to Tina, L'ou's mistresx. who

 

» —~¢._.__._._____~v_,__w  _

Farrow plays the brassy love interest of both

men admirably. With her eyes hidden behind
a large pair of sunglasses and her hair bleach-
ed blonde. no one would immediately
recognize that It was indeed MIa Farrow
leading real-life paramour Allen through the
woods of New Jersey In order to avoid two
Italian terrorists in tuxedos.

Broadway Danny Rose will disappoint no

Frog Jerky

 

one; however. some moviegoers may. and
:rlghtly so. object to paying four or five dollars
.to watch a movie only eighty minutes long.
;However. although Broadway Danny Rose Is
[too short (an extended ending would have ad-
ded a great deal). an hour and twenty minutes
of vintage Allen is far superior to three
quarters of the crap that passes for entertain-
:ment today.

 

 

squished frogs. Choose several that are (or were) plump and not

‘Go out to the nearest pond. or watch the highways well for prime

too desiccated to prepare for this unique and delectable recipe.

Day One: Pummel frog with heel of old work-shoe or run it over with

a lawnmower. Set the frog out to dry in the sun. Overnight, keep the
frog In a warm place, i.e.. over the oven. on a heater or. if you prefer,

in bed.

Day Two: Take frog and pummel it beyond recognition. If you wish.
at this point, accentuate the legs by Straightening them out and
smashing them with a brick. This adds a little aesthetic touch (a star-like
shape) to the finished piece de resistance. Set it out in the sun again. or
in the oven on low if it's raining outside. (Now that the frog is out of it 5
element, it does not enjoy water. It will not be amused.)

Day Three: Take frog and rub it with peanut. safﬂower. crankcase or
castor oil. Rub the oil in well. then pound frog some more until you at-
tain that desirable chewy consistency one associates with the best
‘jerkies.’ Take the frog to school or to work as a snack, or serve it in bite- U
sized chunks as an hors-d'oeuvre. Never serve this dish sau'ced. for the I
full character. flavor. and appearance would be masked by any kind of

‘dressing up.’
Enjoy!

El

 

 

 

