 

 

 

»-~ ...\.....~. _,

 

 

' BHLBANY STUDENTPRESS o r

ESDA Y, FEBRUAR Y 28. I984

J.

 

 _

 

 

“no!

son!

 “roe- IrAs'r”

HARGI-l a a. a

Sponsored by
“People & Food"

 

Information

 

& Sign-ups are

in Campus Center and
on Dinner lines
thru Feb 29

Help Wipe Out Hunger In
. Your Life 'l'lmet

SA FUNDED

"A World  k. vent-

Om: lllllllltli pimp/t!
llltllll' ltllll’ i}‘_ I‘ll!)
(in ll/‘vldllt llJVI

its _=t

Appearng In the Hm:

 

 

 

PERFORMERS:
James T or

Holly N at

Rita Marley

Pate Sugar

Carly Simon

Peter. Paul and Mary
John Hall

Lucy Simon

House ol the Lord Choir
Fred Moore

Are a BI Ensemble
Judy Gorman Jacobs

attest" 
M—Igt—é gr. Helan Caldlcolt

ary mp r. Benjamln Spock—padlnlllcrun, uni/mt m...“
Roy Schaldor Rev. William Sloan Collin—Imam“, can. A w m
John Shea Randall Foraburg—nucloar Irrtrm Cum/mtg” own”
Ellen Burstyn Rep. Edward Markay—u s Hausa n/ (ma/mm...“
Kathryn Walker Mllbrltt Thorin—Swumsn Pilllamsnl
Bob Balaban —-and:
Orion Welles Atomic Bomb Survivors from Hiroshima and
Jerry Stiller Nag-laid... and Ordinary People trorn all over
Anne Maura the Unltod states and around the wand who

march and speak out demanding a nUCltlul lteara.
F E
RE E Produced by Robert Richter and Stan Win an
 I A itbttt Cunt-run S l‘llnl\ Rclmw   .

howings
' 8:30pm - L018

Tues.. Feb 28 2
2:00pm - Assembly
(IO-SPONSORS

SUNYA H ”
a

World Week “A Chapel House “'I‘ JSCJiiillel “W N‘rPIlr“:
Student Association “A University Cinema “Hi Inter-

 

natlcnal Film Group "it Fax ChI‘JLSti

 

 

 

 

 

Thursday

Barbra

charts

in

 

Streisand.

' Bedford

*tt'ttbsh'btk'tsb't'k't't

1-H: WAY
“va wen: ;

"b'hi‘ﬁﬂ‘i‘dﬂ't'tid‘t

This Weekend at

UNIVERSITY GIIIEHAS

Fri. & Sat.

 

DANA

 

DAN AYlllillYll EDDIE MllliPiiY

They're not lust gutting rlclt...Tlray’re getting even.

v.,

89"": Very funnybusinesa.
thImmursmtmnssomg
custom... M“ “5"”

run
mmmﬂ‘zms

 

“It’ll lift you up where you belong?

 

, MRAWJNT muons PRESENTS
WV“ 5 Kmf MM)! ID A KNIMARMAH’HN WAN!) 1mm]
, . ATAVlm HACKFKXID HIM
- RDIARD GBRE'HJIRAWIMJE:

A
mo It-rrlnl DAVID Kat-mam wu TT. .rrt... ‘mlry
Orton-t Marc by m Nt-rzscne -wnueu by mus m STEM!”
W by MARTIN MAW-Directed oy'ravmﬂ twrxrout) - 
'- w A MRAWNLL‘GELE'E

 

00-.Onto.toOOOIOOOIQCOCIOOCCIOIoOO.IOICOODOIDIIQ

' sa funded

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Barbara Barron

Using a recently awarded $4.400 faculty
grant. associate psychology professors
Howard Kallman and Stephen Hirtle will be
working on improving their unique
computer-guided laboratory.

A computer-guided lab is a learning tool
used by Kallman and Hirtle in their "in-
troduction to Experimental Psychology"
class. The center now consists ofsixtcen com-
puters hooked up to a central microcom-
puter.

According to Kallman. students in the lab
interact with the computers during
psychology experiments. The students “start
by giving the computer the parameters of the
experiment." Kallman said. Then the com-
puter picks tltc experimental conditions and
asks the students questions. After student
responses are typed into the computer. the
computer collects and analyzes the data. he
added.

This program is different, said Kallman
because “not only will students be interacting
with the computer. but they will also partake
in program learning in the middle of the ex-
periment." According to Kallman, the
students will be asked to review procedures
or answer questions by the computer on ex-
perimental design and how the experiment is
proceeding. “This will ltclp to give them a
better understanding of experimental
design," he added.

One of the many types of experiments that
students in tltc course cart do involves pro-
blem solving. Students using the problem
solving module would try to solve a par-
ticular problem and the “computer would

TUESDA Y. FEBRUARY». 1934 o ALHANY STUDENT mass 7

b funded by $4

Prolessors Steve Hurtla. Howard Kallman

; ‘w

Err/ire gram will be user/fur undergraduate I'rlm'ulimt

analyze it to see if it conforms to existing -
theories.

A second type of experiment involves
showing how words in short-term mctnory
are recalled. According to Kallntan, by doing
experiments. specifically referred to as Stern-
,berg memory scanning tcsts, students can
keep track of the sequence of events that the
students go through.” Kallman said. The
computer could then record tltc data and
find out what the retrieval time is to get cer-
tain words out of the short-term memory.
Again, the compiled data would be compared
to current theories.

According to Hirtle, the grant will “allow
us to work full-time for the summer on one
particular course" rather than spreading
their time over several courses.

in addition to upgrading their laboratory.
Hirtle said. they plan to “develop all new
software to revamp the lab portion" of the
Psy 2!] course. As a result, he said, the
course “should be a revised course" for the
fall i984 semester.

The grant. awarded by the Faculy Grants
for the Improvement of Undergraduate in-
struction. is supported by the State Universi-
ty Research Foundation, which is. according

to Hirtle. a part of the entire SUNY system.
“The grants are competitive.” said Hirtle,
who added that faculty members had to app-
lly for them. The maximum amount that
could be awarded to a single faculty member
was $2.500. according to Kallmen. The grant
, for research involving more than one person
i could not exceed $5,000, he added.

According to Hirtle. the money will be us-
ed.“to improve the education." Hirtle noted
.hat the money will be focused 100 percent on
undergraduate education, thereby benefitting
the 500-600 students who enroll in the Psy
211 class. .

in addition to furtherdeveloping their own.
program. Kailman and Hirtle hope to make
their instructional program available to other
universities. Onc unversity that has expressed
an interest, according to Hirtle. is the Univer-
sity of California at Santa Cruz. which also
has a computer lab in experimental
psychology.

What Hirtle and Kallman are interested in
is the possibility of developing an exchange
program. whereby one university would swap
the information for one of their programs for
Hirtle and Kallman’s program.

The duo may also publish their results. Ac-
cording to Hirtle, there are several clearing
houses that deal with the publication of com-
puter programs.

“We haven’t quite worked out the details
yet." said Hirtle. However, he emphasized.
both he and Kallman are “not in it for a pro-
ﬁt." [I]

 

DeSole outlines harassment problems

By John Skelly

Calling sexual harassment an “ugly but in-
teresting subject." the director of SUNYA's
Affirmative Action Office Gloria DeSolc,
gave a talk on the subject and its problems at
Chapel House Thursday night.

DeSolc described sexual harassment as
“when a woman feels there has been an inap-
propriate action made by a man. This can in-
clude vcrhnl harassment, unnecessary
touchinglortputIinglund physical assault." she
uddcd. One common form of sexual harass-
ment was described itt a pamphlet given out
and included “ovcrt threats about a woman's
job, grades or promotion prospccts."

in thc definition dcvclopcd by tltc National
Organization of Women (N.O.W.) and the
Working Women’s ittstltutc it is "any
repeated or unwanted verbal or physical sex-
ual advance...which is offensive..."

Sexual harassment can occur anywhere.
explained DeSolc. She gave the example of a
female student who politely turned down the
advances of a male staff employee. Not until
he put ltcr in a potentially dangerous situa-
tion was she able to overcome her own fear
and respond forcefully.

And that fear. according to DeSolc is a‘
problem. Often these victims “seem
vulnerable or acquiesccut. Their antagonists

are usually lit a ntorc powerful position,“slte
added.

The women are often in a dependent posi-
tion such as Professorstudent or supervisor-
cmploycc, noted DeSolc. When advances are
made and turned dowtt. wontcn fear possible
retribution such as a poor grade or even job
loss. in zt statistic cited by DeSolc. fifty-two
percent of women have either quit or been
fired as a result of sexual harassment.

Another statistic was that at college cam-
puses, more female graduate studcnts arc
harassed because of the close working rela-
tionship between Professor uttd student.

Another case cited by DcSole was that ofa
fcntalc graduate student being tutored by a
faculty member who made sexual advances.
Placcd in a situation such as this. said
DeSolc. many women become frightened.
Tltc common defense of many men is “she's
imagining it" or “she scduced me." said
DeSolc.

But, according to DeSolc. this is
“rcpctilivc. compulsive predatory
behavior.“ and if “one woman has felt it,
another has." Many women also alter their
patterns to avoid the situation. she said. but
avoidance is not the answer. DeSolc. said the
answer is to say a “firm no".

According to DeSolc another thing to do is
to keep a log of what is going on. Women can

also contact a sexual harassment ofﬁcer.
Under DeSolc's directorship each depart-
ment in the university has an advisor. whose
name is available from the Affirmative Ac-
tion Office or the department head. After
contacting the advisor the office will step in.
she said.

One thing DeSolc will do. she said. is
"listen for consistency. cohesion and
proof.” of a student's story. in this manner,
she personally handles from fifty to seventy
cases a year. According to DeSolc. no corn-
plaints ill’C turttcd away. each gets a chance to
tell her story.

As Director ofAffirnuttivc Action, DeSolc
reports directly to President O'Lcury who ap»
pointed ltcr. Uttdcr his “Policy Statement on
Sexual Harassment”. May i981. the Presi-
dent wrote. “Sexual harassment has been
and will continue to be considered a violation
of policy and dealt with under the procedures
which ltave been established."

Backed by this authority, DeSolc has
created a strong network that is supportive
and useful in bringing these matters to light.
But DeSolc says many people find it hard to
believe that a colleague or co-worker is guilty
of sexual harassment. The male attitude is
that such situations are humorous and should
be taken as a joke. she said. Yet for many

' RACHEL erwm ups
Affirmative Action Officer Gloria DaSole

Fear cur/war mldcrrcpor/ing of harassment.

 

women the problem is serious.

in a short film shown Thursday night, one
woman was fired when she tried to tell people
ltcr story. Not until she was hired by a ttcw
supportive company did she win her court
case. A case which brought a hefty settlement
but one which her former employer tried to
keep quiet.

The last thing DeSolc emphasized was to
say “no. firmly. without smiling, without
apologizing

 

Ne    “i came away from the conference tnuch

O’Leary returns

President Vincent O’Leary returned to
Albany Monday front a two week trip to
Hawaii. where he took part in a conference
that dealt with contemporary problems from
tltc view of tire humanities.

O'Lcnry siad that the trip was not finan-
cicd by the university. He kept in touch with
tltc University. he said. during the two weeks
that he was away. The president can leave the
[University and it will run smoothly without
him. he asserted. He said that he looks at his
schedule carefully to determine what would
be a convenient time for him to leave
SUNYA.

According to O‘l.cnry. the conference was
sponsored by an organization called the
Aspen lnstitutc for Humanistic Studies. The

nstitutc. he said. invites people form fields
itch as cducatiw and business. to discuss

 

more convinced of the need to cnriclt interna-
tional programs and curricula.“ O'Lcary
said. He found it “extremely stimulating."
he said.

Worldview changes

Worldview, a publication of the Albany
Student Press Corporation, has changed its
name to Comily, having learned of a
magazine called Worldview that has been
publisth in Ohio for the past 25 years.

Editorial Collective Member Wayne
Pccrcboom said that Cami/y would publish
its second issue within the next week. The
magazine's first issue, (under the name
Worldview). was published in January.

The magazine, which deals with foreign
policy and foreign affairs issues. has expand-
ed to both the Union College and chscllaer
Polytechnic Institute campuses, and will be
distributed on those as well as the SUNYA
campus starting with the upcoming issue.

Escort service stalled

“Don't Walk Alone," the student escort
service which began 1215! semester. has yet to
return to service this semester. _

Maggie Aver, one of the program's four
directors. said she is “afraid to say anything"
about the reason for the delay. because “it
might hurt our chances" of getting it started

tsoon. But. she said. the problem “has a lot to
'do with the Administration."
"It's not a good situation." she said.

,Alcohol policy delay

The University has yet to decide on an of-
ficial alcohol policy. according to Vice Prcsi-
dent for Student Affairs Frank Poguc. He
said that lie must consult with other vice

{presidents and other administrators before
presenting the proposed policy to President
Vincent O’Leary. who will make the finaL

' ministrativc ladder” to contact other con-

! tlccision on an alcohol policy.

Commenting on the slowness of the con-
.ultation process. which began in January.
Poguc lamented. “Unfortunately i don't feel
any closer to getting the input 1 need."

He said that he has received sotne feedback
from the Office of Residential Life, but he
stressed the need “to go up the ad-

sulting bodies.

User Room planned

A date for the beginning of construction of
.a cOtnpulcr room at State Quad should be
decided by the end of this‘wcek. said Frat}
Stcvctls. who is the assistant to acting VicT
l’t‘csitlcttl for Research and Dcvclopmcn
.lohn Shumaker.
She said that it will take approximately
four weeks to build the computer room.
Shumakcr and President Vincent O’Lcar
are discussing the construction date and lit:
t‘undingLor the projeet_she_said . .z. ‘

 

 

orld problems. 4’

 

