 

i

 

mar
\.-

-... .t...~., .._,.....

 

 sideltotes hims

By Alicia lebara. ' .

Are you thinking of- moving off-campus

'but don't know how? Do you already live
off-campus and have complaints about your
landlord? Do you have poor healing or plum-
bing? Has your home been invaded by
roaches? Well. advice and information con-
cerning these problems and more are now
available in the Off-Campus .
Association (OCA)-newslet- F'lday
ter. Downtown, according _
to Editor in Chiet‘ William Proﬁle
S. Jones. ‘

OCA is a Student Association funded. stu-
dent organization which addresses the special
needs atrd issttes pertaining to students living
off-campus. said Jones.

Jones. who is in his fourth semester work-
ing witlt OCA is tile co-chairman of program-
ming as well as publication and calls publica-
tion of the OCA newsletter one of his “first
loves." ‘

Along with his co-chnir of publication.
Jartice Haynes. and titrec other people. Jones
collects information and writes articles on
srtch topics as safety awareness. landlord-
tcuant relations. and the reactions of the
Albany community to students.

The newsletter. which changed its name
from Getting Off to Downtown this year is
trying for bi-monthly issues. according to
Jones. He added that things were a little slow
starting and the first issue was his “entire ef-
fort from start to finish.”

“We want to involve more students."
Jones said. He criticized the lack of input
from the off-catttptls representatives and
senators but stressed that this semester they
wanted to work on improving communica-
tion.

Jones has been involved in OCA since he

- came to SUNYA in September ofll982 when
he says he was "happy to ﬁnd there were no
regulations to live on-eampus.“ Jones says he
feels a “sense of accomplishment and enjoy-
ment" about what he's doing although
sometimes he feels like he's “banging his

p.

“I feel like l’m a
knight in shining
armor but no one
wants to be saved. ”

— Willie Jones

 

head against a wall" because of student
apathy. .

Distribution. which is done by Jones and
his staff. is also felt to be a problem. he said.
The newsletter.which has a, circulation of
about 2.500. is available in downtown laun-
dromats and supermarkets. the commuter
cafeteria. the Rathskcllar and various other
locations on campus. “People don't realize
how valuable the information we offer is."

I 6;ALBANYSTtJQEI}{1".FI’§§§S_: F3104 v, renter/an to, 1/934
'2 ::-~”"'.l."‘..  " " ' ‘ ;.:. ~ 

,,

 

 lawman." students

 

 

we .*

 

 

Downtown Editor in Chlel Willie Jones

Publishing [/10 OCA [It'll‘S/L‘Ill’f is a ‘fﬁrs'l love. "

said Jones. “l'd like to see everybody have
one and read. understand and enjoy it."

OCA is presently working on a mailing list
of students who expressed interest last year in
OCA's metnbership drive week. The
membership drive involved a night at The
Washington Tavern with 103 free pitchers. A
similar event is being planned for this
semester at the Longbranch. The mailing list
involves very “limited numbers" which are
“not nearly representative of off-campus
students." according to Jones.

Although OCA' is SA funded. Jones said
he feels that since they are working with “up-
wards of six thousand off-campus students,”
the percentage they get is "minimal." He
said that OCA gets a "fairly decent amount
of support from the executive branch of SA"
and they have a “very good working relation-
ship" but that it is “difficult with a new
grottp."

The group is considered new this year
because ilt previous years. tlterc was a profes-
sional advisor who was eliminated this year.
Off-campus coordinator. Suzy Auletta, acts
as the liason to the University, tllc City of
Albany and SA. according to Jones.

One of OCA's projects for this semester is
the landlord complaint log which is a listing
of landlords. and students positive and

negative reactions. The data is being cotnpil» .

ed thrortglt a retently prtblisltcd question-
naire in the ASP and will help students who
are thinking of tnoving off-campus in the
ftttttre. said Jones.

Last semester. OCA had students cotnpilc
lists of price comparisons in downtown food
stores to help students find the lcitst expen-
sive places to sltop. This listing will be
published in i the OCA newsletter this
semester. said Jones.

One of the projects for the spring said
Jones. is OCA's “bargain basement." This
project will enable students who are
graduating or moving next year to have fur-
niture and other household items that they

 

iS’_oc_igty for _t_h_e i4 goancement ofMarketing

 

 

Tues. , Feb. 14th

Wed. , Feb. 15th

 

is holding Interest Meetings: _

American Marketing Association
m

John Cassese : Guest Speaker on
CareerDevelopment

Info and tree brochures in Campus Center
Feb. 13 - 16 *

7:30 LC 19

7:30 LC 19

 

wish to sell published in a listing for other
students to buy. explained Jones.

OCA programming. also co-chaircd by
Jones, will once again sponsor “Party in the
Park" in Washington Park this year in con-
junction with “Celcbration '84.” The ten-
tativc date is Saturday. May 12 and there will

. be two' or three live bands. he added. Admis-

sion will be charged and beer. soda and food
will be available said Jones. OCA is currently
looking at bands and. according to Jones.
UCB (University Concert Board) and WCDB
have expressed an interest.

Last year’s “Party in the Park" featured
“Fear of Strangers” but it was spoiled by
rain. “The rain came and we were crippled"
said Jones. “We had to pay contracts on

CINDY GALWAY UPS

bands that didn't play.“ As a rcsttlt of this
they did not meet their income line which is
one of the reasons for this years elimination
of a professional head. according to Jones.

Jones' leadership position has not charmed
his feelings about hard work as he comments
that he still considers ltimselfa “worker not a
leader."

According to Jones. he works on the prin-
ciple that “a body in motion tends to remain
in motion." This is very appropriate con-
sidering that in addition to his time-
consuming work with OCA, and his studies,
Jones also works 30 - 40 hours per week. He
says “i get a great deal of satisfaction out of
it. but i feel like l'm a knight in shining ar~
ntor but no one wants to be saved." "

 

invites

Second
floor

&

 

Returning Students Assoc. i

you to a

Campus Infermation Network
Open HOIISG
FEBRUARY 14, 1984

(Valentine’s Day)

II:3_O-I:30
ASSEMBLY HALL

Light Refreshments

Adjacent Childcare
PROVIDED

s9me

Campus
Center

 

 

 

 

 

 

Business frats enjoying 'increasin

By Michelle Busher
STAFF WRITER

Professional fraternities are
“becoming more and more impor-
tant to students," according to Pi
Sigma Epsilon President Dave
Woro_boff. because "students are
realizing that companies want to see
more than just grades."

As Pi Sigma Epsilon and Delta

'scmestcr. the increased interest in
fraternities is more evident.

Pi 'Sigma Epsilon. a National
Professional Fraternity in
marketing. sales management and
selling. initiated
chapter in the Fall semester of l982.
The frat’s faculty advisor and
Director of Alumni information
Services. Mike Barth claims that

nu SUNYA.

being thrown out because of hazing A
activities that occrtred during pledg-
ing. “We don't haze at all." pro-
claimed Delta Sigma Pi Senior Vice-
. President. Dave Eilncr.
“Students today are a lot more
serious about career planning."
' said- Barth. “Pi Sigma Epsilon
mints students towards a profes-
sion." he added.

mentioned by their presidents in-

 

glving practical experience. increas-
ing the reputation of the business
school and.deveioplng closer stu-
dent faculty relationships while
yhaving a 'good time.

' Although some of the two frater-
V'nities' goals are the same. each have

i
l

elude providing community service..

 

Sigma Pi. SUNYA's two profes-
sional business-related fraternities
begtn pledging new members this I

there is “definitely a revival of the
Greek Spirit."

in the past. said Barth. frats were I of the goals for both fraternities as

. . ' ‘ their own traits.
Business fraterntltcs gtve students I Delta Sigma Pi has been on cam-
an extracurrtcular education. Some I pus since I967. it is an international
3 Professional Business fraternity and

Nationwide rise in. Greek memberShip predicted

(COLLEGE PRESS SERVICE) Fraternities will enjoy “dramatic” increases in
membership over the next several years as more students reach for

~ “stability and structure" during their time in college. two Northeastern

University researchers predict.

- "Fraternities are coming back for the same reason that thejunior prom

is coming back," said sociology Professor Jack Leivn. who co-authored a

study of fraternities with Northeastern criminal justice instructor James
ox. '

Fraternity membership hit its peak in the early and middle sixties. and

i then dropped off sharply during the campus protests of the late sixties

and early seventies. in the ten years between I966 and l976. for instance.
the proportion of college students in grcek organizations plummeted
from 39 percent to 19 percent.

The average fraternity chapter membership dropped from 50 to only 34
during that same period. according to the National lnterfraternity Con-
frerence.

“During the late sixties and early seventies, fraternities lost the support
of students. particularly at elite. private institutions where they were-the
strongest." Levin explained. “Fraternity members became stigmatized as
members of the establishment." -

But today students are looking for the security and structure that
fraternity membership offers, and a “dramatic reversal” of the decline in
frat membership is taking place, Levin asserted.

Based on the study of fraternities at over I60 colleges. membership in
fraternities has climbed from 19 to 20 percent of the student population.
That trend is even stronger at influential schools on the east and west
coasts, he added. where social patterns typically are more rigid.

But with an increased membership on campuses. fraternities are also
garnering more attention. often of a disciplinary nature. from college ad-
ministrators and police. .

“Fraternities were less problematic a few years ago because they didn't
have many members. in feet, membership in some fraternities sank in

News Updates

zero. Now. just by the increaSc in sheer numbers of fraternity members. I
they're having more problems on campus."

indeed. last year a College Press Service survey of administrators and
campus police officials indicated a new. “get tough" attitude with frater-
nities nationwide. Many states have now enacted anti-hazing statutes
which forbid fraternities from requiring recruits to go through
humtliating. sometimes very dangerous rituals to become members.-

Colleges. along with national chapters for many fraternities. have also
clamped down on drinking. hazing. and discriminatory policies which
have plagued greek'organizations'in the past.

“As fraternities return. their character is changing quite a bit." Levin
pointed out. "They're doing more philanthropic work. they‘re less elitist
and discriminatory. and they are controlling hazing activities.“

But. he added, the fraternities are cleaning up their acts “not necessari-
ly because they want to, but because of pressure from legislirttrres. ad-
ministrators. and other organizations."

Hazing still exists. but has become “more subtle and there
psychological. like telling pledges they've i‘lunked an important exam. or
telling them no one likes them and they can't be in the fraternity."

The results of such hazing still can be fatal. Recently. Tennessee State
University student Vann L. Watts. a 20-year-old from Birmingham. Ala..
was found dead on the morning after an Omega Psi Phi hazing session.
At the session. active members reportedly hit pledges with switches. and.
after an induction ceremony, joined in a drinking party.

A medical examiner said Watts died of alcohol overdose.

Greek organizations. Levin added. still have problems with "blackball—
ing and discritninating against people because of race. religion and sex."

Despite the problems. which have led a handful of schooois to consider
banning fraternities this fall. Levin found “some schools like fraternities
because they can focus respons

ibililv. o .II'PMP' 91'. sis-den“. rather-than...” rLtinmuuaJ‘tAMalWIm-oﬂf. ..
on individuals. And besides. fraternitlc’; zitract' the loyalty —- and drum ‘l'ecls that A any residents would, e
. ' ’ l 'l b

ciul support — dfnlumni. " ,

has been mainly associated with ac-
counting in the past. However;
President Nancy Hansen emphasiz--
ed that the frat is open to more'than
just accounting majors. Member.
’ship is limited to students who have
been accepted into the business
.school or have recently applied to it
and have a high academic standing.

“PI Sigma Epsilon is not limited
:to business majors,".according to
'Woroboff. He‘ explained that
4 “business involves everyone and Pi
Sigma Epsilon tries to involve
I students from a variety of majOrs."
’He claimed that a pledge's grade
point average is not quite as impor-
' tant as being willing to'activeiy par-
ticipate.

“The pledging process lasts for
about six to eight weeks." stated
Hansen. Buring this tltnc students
who wish to join the frats go
through a screening process which
includes such activities as ge‘tting to
know thc'history of the frat. work-
ing on a business project and get-
tittg to know the brothers." she ad-
ded.’ '

The professional frats are not
just for then anymore. According to
Hansen. "Delta Sigma Pi has been
allowing women to pledge into the
fraternity since $969. The number
of women in the frat today is equal
to the number of men.

Both Woroboff and Hansen cm-
pllasized the feeling of
“brotherhood” that develops
within the separate frats.

Neither of the two business
fraternities have frat houses. Pi
Sigma Epsilon Treasurer Stuart
Weirrfeld claims that “there is no
place for it." “At Syracuse Univer-
sity." he said; “there is a whole frat
row. We iust don't have that type

Hite speech cancelled

Author Shere Hile's speech Wednesday
niglll was cancelled after site was involved
in a car accident in New York City. accor-
ding to Speakers Forum President Michelle
Schwartz. .
“he was on her way to La (luardia Atr-
port in Queens. where she would have taken
a plane to Albany. Schwartz. sitld line was
not injrtrcd brtt went to a hospital as a lor-
nudity. and was later released.

llitc is the author of two best selling
books on human sexuality. The Hite
Report: A Ntlli()Illl’i(/t‘ Study of I‘Z’illlllt.‘
Sexuality and The I lite Report of Mil/c Sav-
titl/ill’. liite was to have been the keynote
speaker of Sexuality chk. a series oi
workshops anti presentations ctr-sponsored
by Genesis Sexuality Resource (‘enlcr anti
Middle l-iarth (‘otltlscliug and Crisis Center.
SCllWiIl’ll. said Speaker‘s liorum stopped
selling tickets at 7:05 pttt Wednesday night.
and that tile group refunded the i30 tlckcts
already purchased. I i
"The speech was intended to cotnclde
with Sexuality Week." Schwartz said. ad-
ding that no decision had been made on
whether or not to rcscltedrrlc the speech.

Directories are here

The Urriversily Directories have finally
arrived. and are being distributed to faculty
and staff l-‘t'idity. according to Pat Alli‘lc:
chio. from the coltllnunicalions office or
the Vice President for University Minus.

The directories arrived at SUNYA about
It am Thursday. and Auriecltio said that
the (lily was spent pullng mailing lnhcls on
the books.

He also said that Ire would speak with so-
meone from Residential Life Friday morti-
ing to discuss the best way to tlislrtbulc the
books to the dorms. liy Monthly allerttoon
he hoped to have copies on the quads and

 

 

mquWwﬁM~wnu~m§W ‘ ‘

the rctnaindcr at the Campus Center infor-

mation Desk ready to be distributed to

rtdcnts livin off cam rts.
.. .

1.

 

   

 

WILL YURMAN UPS

Council seats filled

Strident Association by-clcctions were
held wedltcsduy and Thursday to fill two
lndian Quad and three Off-Campus Cen-
tral Council seats. SA President Rich
Scllal‘fcr said.

Gregg Stackel and [van Sltore won on in-
dain Quad. defeating Richard Merritt and
[Evan Stnilh. Off-Campus voters chose Bill
King. Ed lteiucs and Eric Gary ovcr Brian
Dell. E. Richard Nilcr. Scott Apfel. and
Joe Sullivan, Silal‘l‘cr said.

Central Council. the legislative branch of
SA. is responsible for SA's budgetary and
policy decisions. Elections for tile fttll
Council will be held in April.

 

Sunday closings

The Ritthskcllcr will be closed on Sun-
days. but the sttack bar will sell beer on
Sundays. said Rathskcllcr Manager .lay Mc-

.Cllli’c.

“Sunday hits‘nevcr been a busy day (for
tile Rat). \Vitll tltc lack of business we had
to make cuts someplace." he explained.

According to McClure. draft hcer will he
sold slitrting at 2:00 on Sundays. .-\|so. tlte
big screen television will be ill operation. he
said.

lie said that the struck but does not tlced
it special liquor license. since the current
license covers the Rat. lire struck but and the

’irlroou Room.

Rally scheduled

A “fight tllc hike" rally is scheduled for
February 27. according to Central
Council's Student Action Cotnmittc chair
Slcvc (iawley. Last year's demonstration
was ltcld at the State Legislature. bttt this
year it ntin take plitcc itt another location.
lte said. A change may be made because
many legislators are against the proposed
increases. said (iawley.

He sltid that a demonstration on the
Capital steps is one alternative. There is a
possibility that tile rally will be held on cam-
plts. Gawley said.

The committee is asking teachers of
English loo classes to irave their students
write letters against the increases. said
Gawlcy.

Kim chairing panel

President O‘Lcary has appointed the
l984 Bridget Panel trttd named History
Department Chair Sung Bolt Kim the
panel's chair. The panel held its tlrst
meeting Thursday.

Kim said that panel would deal only with

lltlt. itctn personnel. and program issues.
and not itettls such rts,tlay-to-day expenses.
Kittl said he did not foresee many budget
cuts, but did stress the fact that the budget
is fixed. “The tittlc for rapid and unbridled
c\pilnsiotl is over.“ he warned.

Members of the panel include: Rich
Zitotnci‘. Biology; Wall Gibson. Physics;
liili liittntttond. Math: Shirley Brown.
Psychology; Russ Ward. Sociology:Joan
Selurll. English; Edward Mirycr.Art: Bert
Ncprrrilsiugh. llispirnic Studies; Tom
Anderson. Business; Fred Dcmbowski.
lzducrttionul Adminstratiotr itlld Policy
Studies: .liry Ricdcl. Political Science.
Library; ('itrl

Dorothy (‘hrisliansetn

Marlin. Student Affairs; Dennis Stevens.
Physical Plant; Leii' liru‘tlttirl'k’. President‘s
Office; (ielte Gilchrist. Kathy Loucry. ()t‘-
lice of financial Management: l’at Teren-
/itti. Office of institutional Research.
Student members on the panel are Eric
Dort'. Mitch Feig. illltl l’clru lhcrgcr.

 

    

RACKEL LIWIIN UPS
Proieeeor Sung Bok Kim

FRIDA nrcanunnr-yro‘, 1984 u atoANY-STUDENT‘ fruitless?  -' I ,

g popularity ; 1

 

