{v \,‘ 1,}, it ): iii u

. . . ’Jr'i :‘i‘t‘m 1mm
8 Aspccrs on rucsimv.

 

 

hree months later. Capital District au-

diences are still raving. Following his

debut with the Albany Symphony 'Or-
chestra last December. playing McDowell's
Plano Concerto In D Minor. Randall
Hodginkson has earned a reputation deserv-
ing of the highest caliber of performer ‘

anywhere in the country.

maus". Tickets are avtlable from the perform-
Ing Arts Center Box Office (457-8606).
General admission Is $5. $3 for Students and
Senior Citizens. '
Already In his budding career. Mr.
Hodglnkson has received wide critical acclaim
for his virtuosity and interpretive insight. in
1981. he was named Grand Prize Winner of

 

erﬂraMnfoe

the International American Music Competition
for Planists. As well as the rectpiant of other

 

This Saturday. Mar. 31. in response

public sentiment and by Invitation of the

prestigious honors and awards. Hodglnkson
to has been praised by such luminaries as Aaron
Copland. who alter hearing him perform his

 
 

 

    
 

 

MARCH 27. 1984

 Nuclear Holocahumgfs AndMo

ynne Litman's Testament Isa stark

depiction of an average American

family’s struggle to survive after the
bombs have fallen In a nuclear war. It Is a topic
of growing concern to many people as
evidenced by the media orgasm over ABC's
The Day A/ter. a movie which achieved the
impossible and grossly sensationalized the
event. Testament Is an attempt to present a
view of life in a post-Holocaust world as simply
and sensitively as possible without the seared
flesh and vaporizing bodies' exploitation of
The Day Alter.

If it was Litman's intent to horrtfy audiences
Iiito political action by showing them Just how
excruciatingly mundane life Is after the bomb.
she succeeded. Poor Jane Alexander mopes
around the house watching funeral proces-
sions and sucking down Jars of peanut butter
like their was no tomorrow while her hopeless
progeny stare vacantly at their now useless
high tech toys. Children permanently depriv-
ed of television. now that's something to be
frightened of.

The subject matter of Testament was so
grave, the future of these people and certainly

 

 

 

 
 

SUNYA Music Coucil. Randall Hodgkinson
returns to the area for a solo concert at the
University. The program. to be held In the
Recital Hall of the Performing Arts Center at 8
p.m.. features Beethoven's Sonata in D. opus
10, no. 3, Aaron Copland's Piano Fantasy
(1955-1957). Six Etudes of George Perle

and Frederick Chopin's Two Nocturnes opus'
37. and Scherzo In E. opus 57. Also dn the
program Is the Leopold Godowsky concert
paraphrase of Johann Strauss's “Die Fleder-

Plano Fantasy In 1979. said of Hodgktnson.
"it's as If he had been reading my mind. That‘s
the finest performance I've ever heard of the '
very difficult work." 
The Chicago Tribune has called Randall ‘
Hodgkinson “a pianist of style. temperament. .'
and arbig technique. A thoughtful musician ‘
who obviously has absorbed the music into his
own personality and can communicate Its
wealth of ideas in a vigorously direct '
manner." -

 

   

. the plot so horribly inevitable that I found it (lif-
Kew.  ficult to be as moved as I'm sure I was suppos-
ed to be. It wasn't Inerer because of the ob-

Unfortunately Lttnian may have tried too viousness of the imagery throughout the film
hard to make Testament something known in -~ oh. you know. tlttrigs like Father's joyriding
review-speak as a “human drama" while through graveyards (see standard
simultaneously remaining a “powerful work." foreshadowing of events). or policemen hav-
arid instead comes up with what is commonly ing nervous breakdowns (see crumbling of
known as a “boring movie." Which isn't to say authority and social orcler)—that I found the
that Testament is a bad ftlrn It isti't. There are moyte so Ineffective.’ After all It must be hard

 
 

AREBEII

 

l lie awake and watch
as the morning sun creeps across your shoulder

I lean to kiss your cheek. wishing your eyes were open
so I culd wee the sunlight dancing in them.

 

 
   
     
  

The time I spend with you —-

 

 

 

 

 

 

every Inch of yur body.

all that you feel — l create what I do not know

The things you say i
The things you've made me feel —

Your breathing comes slow and deep

—— gently feeling your heart. touching mine.
in the morning's silence.

I listen to the sounds of yesterday

and I hear your laughter —

Closing my eyes. l see your smile
feel the warmth of your arms around me
the tender caress of your hand

— a kiss upon my cheek and l awaken to see

the sunlight dancing in your eyes.

 
    

Jodi Jacobs

 

 

some very touching and provoking scenes In
Testament while the cast. 'headed by Jane
Alexander and William Devaiie. gives a
restrained and totally credible performance as
the averge-Joe family faced with the in-
conceivable. The only problem is they're so
average-Joe they're impossible to care about.
After all. it's hard to care about a family whose
distinguishing characteristic is their mediocrity.
and by the end of the movie one can almost
hear the audience mumbling “When are they
itll going to die already?"

 

 

not to be symbolic after the Holocaust when
every word and gesture assumes a deeper
significance well out of proportion to reality;
for example when the obligatory adorable-kid-
in-wartime Scotty Wetherly asks l'When is
Daddy coming home. Mommy?"

l was half hoping at this point that Jane
Alexander had turned and snarled maniacally.
“Never Scotty. drink your powdered milk."
simply to loosen up the import of everything.

Life after a nuclear war makes for a plethora

of disturbing imagery and Litman seems

    

 

determined to capture It all. There are dead
trees against dark skylines. a Laurie Anderson
"Big Science" poster on a dead little girl's
bedroom wall. a distracted priest with a dead
stare burying and finally burning lots and lots
of dead people whose remains are disposed of
by people whose acting is more deceased than
any of the victims. And finally the slowly dy-
ing Wettherly family beginning with Dad Bill
Devane who is thankfully dead early on in the
picture. his wife Carol played by Jane Alex<
ander in a graceful and effective performance
which will not Win her an academy award
because "message movies" never win
anything hitt critical praise. and their slowly
dying children: Mary Liz. played by Roxana
Zal. who ironically enough began her career
.is "Polyaniiii." Brad. played wttli disturbing
aplomb by Ross Harris. and six year old Lukas
Haas its the aforementioned Scotty, After
each death in the Wettherly family. Litman iii-
teriects "home" movies of that family member
iii what must be assumed an: happier times for
an effect which is morbid. but never touching
as Litman perhaps thought it Would he. Still
the Inclination With a ftlin tackling such a

 

through this ultimate civic crisis.
Testament Is a valiant and Important effort
to make audiences understand that nuclear
war Is not something only politicians have to
worry about. The bombs fall on everyone.
liberals and conservatives alike; It's the great
equalizer. This Is the message of Litman's
"message-movie." and one which she takes
great pains to drive home by emphasizing the
plainness of the Wettherly family and the Inex-
orabtltty of death In a radiated world, It's
something most people are intellectually
aware of but may not actually “feel.” There's a
distance there that can only be bridged by
emotion. Litman wants us to not merely know
what will happen when warheads [all all over
our pretty planet. but also feel it almost
physically, to understand what we as in-
dividuals who love and are loved can expect.
She did not convey that message as effectively
as I think she wanted to. People leaving the
theatre that evening wore strange smiles that
were almost grimaces as if they thought they
ought to be feeling something dramatic. only
they weren'trquite sure what. Maybe it is a
message too disturbing. ton awful for people

'i .
"  I i . disturbing topic is to the melodramatic follow- in ever do anything more than shrug off and
" e 111 mg the groundless. but strangely attractive say ambivalently, as one elderly gentleman
'l ' . belief that people wtll degenerate into lust» with a respectable tweed capﬂiiatled to his

't's nearly midnight now v filled itllllntllS IlllVrt‘ nuclear holocaust ‘Lttman cranium said. “this is a ItiUVIC‘l'. ' H ‘
' ' ' ' and “'1 presents her iliatacters very it-tilisticiilly. No. it may not have been a movre in the
' 1'” 'he pemhouse 0' my 'Dwer' 22 therefore believable ller film town of sense oi .iii evening's casual entertainment.

stories above the world. enjoying "'0 bo'mm "ne- In ll“? (HIV ll ilit' l‘lilll]L‘lIll.ll)lttL'l< that titetaplior) California is liui ii wriscuriainlynpleat“. snniiutliril sooner
-  'Ove'y v'ew 0' "'e campus — random A'bany gradualc- lhlS'WUultl "‘Illlllt‘ In ’ , free of the "\ltl'VlVrIlibl'S" tiiuiittiltty iuitl the or lniei. and hopefully not later. WU nttt.’ ﬁll 90-
; lights. blinking reds. strong yellows. gelling into the Business ill l'tvitt;tillt'i A? a‘ i 5" town's folk generally work together to not iiigtoIiavetoconstder. ' ll
3 steady‘whi'tes. the odd car or twa. ciiy school, no matter how heavy lltU itiii. var" ., ,
(t spreadth into the background. smoke real. or unseen. The unseen  pity .

rismg- Once in a long while a person "'ghes' pmc' because "’ """ " "“‘ d  . r! 
? Scurrles Off to some unimportant mus' "m" ""0 "'0 be'm'y "' "" """   a    
nature. '

 

 

 

destination. This poor soul. probably
not realizing what life is. living but not
truly alive. ls desperately reaching for
that B.A. in business. the middle-class
Magna Carta. which is really nothing
more than a scrap of paper with Latin
scribbled all over it that probably
gan'is‘lgtegtﬁ “When You've Got Them
y e a s. Th ‘
WI" Fellow." etr Hearts And Minds
R

.beralante

of dtheir formal education before
gra uating (sic?) to what i lau hi
call the “real world." g ng'y

Ah yes. the real world. where they
hope to find a reasonably attractive
member of the opposite sex (with an
almost Identical background) to spend
the rest of their lives with. They'll live in

 

a well-kept home set on Italian acre ofa

 

 

suburb someplace. with 2.2 children
and a cocker spaniel named Chauncey
:0 come home to five nights a week
(four If Jack's secretary gives in) from an
office with air conditioning and a three
martini blessing. where they've just
done their best to Increase the firm and
their bank account by. if not ethi'call

correct means. than what y

  
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
     

laughingly call (on Sunda

iliey'll mediate good. ignort

 
    

fterno b

te pier) a “5 ya on y
omew

manuever." ha' 'u'h'ess

There Is a precede
rationalization; the
Final Solution eased

nt for this type of
architects of the
the Third Reich’s

This is a visio. i honestly ltt'ltt’\\‘ llltll
most people at this “i'iisiiiuii- iii’ 'tltiltt’l
learning" either lack. or. my win-tun!“
lels me. possess but have iimui tm’tl.
either because they‘ve never wwii .iiii;
use for It (Good God!) .in. If inti'l
necessary in daily living — til Ix il ‘

f course it is! Life is so beautiful in
complex, that not to try to appiw ltllt.’tlll
of If s intricasies is a tragedy. Ont' L‘tlli'
not be truly successful without t'ttitltttttg

a” exDense account. Once one knows
What life has to of
Elite! Thinking is a rare Coiniiioiiiiy Iii

X (WIS market. and the proud iiwiiui
much in demand.

In the kingdom o/ the Mind.
the one-eyed man is king

Orwell lived his whole life lII li'ittilitlitl-

fer, the pieces fall itilt)

-Ge()rgr| (it \‘.'i‘ll

 

 

 

 

.......,..me......,.

‘but he correctly summarized Albany

 

he other day l was Ciillatiiig in the corn

munications office. which is one of my

favorite places to work because all sorts
of petty things are always going on. when in
walks Dr. Schmuckler. who inststs on being
called J.C. (a euphemism for .lacob Cravitts
Schmuckler) because. he says. he gets uptight
when i; ‘fiplU call him Doctor After all. he's
only live .y-eight years old and feels more like
a student than a professor.

AlbertSJhwwtz

 

 

or thee hours each week that he was on cam-
pus preoccupied with political matters. He
once told me (back when he first came here
from Michigan and was so much more friendly
and open and ready to communicate with
undergrauates) that he just couldn't seem to
get any work done except at home.

The first semester he was here he attempted
to give a course In the rhetorical criticism of
Einstein's theories. and since I had already
read Bertrand Russell's The A.B.C. of
Relativity I had as good a grasp of the topic as

he had. and I let hm know it. iii a polite way.
in class. and then I stopped showing up and
didn't take arty tests and he gave me a l3. But I
had really worked on this paper. which was
directly concerned with his area of expertise —
ethics. naturally -~ and I wanted to hear his
criticisms Oh well I went back to collating. I
kept an ear cocked. however. because
Schmuckler had gone into Fishman's spacious
office. which was at the rear of the outer of-
fice. where l was. Schmuckler left the door
open.

Fishman was the newly appointed chairman

for instance, lost all his creative insight and in-
fluence. Sure. Fifty grand.

“You've really got to raise the level of your
writing. Schmuckler." Fishman was belching.
Then I caught a glimpse of J.C. as he softly
closed himself inside the office: and just as It
was getting good! Fishman brought most of
the grant money into the department. and so
he controlled m'ost of the written output. J.C.
was up the creek.

i had Fishman for a class once. Schmuckler
recommended the course. and taking It was

 

 

one of the biggest mistakes l ever made. It cost
me a whole year of time and a graduate
assistaiitship that had been offered to me
under the table by Schmuckler. with
Fishirian's and Robertson's approval. But after
a while I couldn't take it anymore and drop-
ped out for a year and lost the assistantship. i
had my reasons.

Back in the days when we were friends.
Schmuckler told me about his early years with
Fishman. The two of them go all the way back
to Schmuckler‘s high school debating days at
Bronx Science. Schmuckler was the star

point. "If you want to be great. you'll go along
with me. If not. I'll stop the car." Schmuckler
wanted to be great. so he went with Fishman
to Michigan University where be debated for
four years attending almost no classes and get-
ting extremely good grades. It was an arrange-
ment like that which football players
sometimes get: “Do right by the team and
you're O.K." Schmuckler learned all the
angles of argumentation. but he didn't really
understand anything. just how to look at
something from all sides.

 

He told me he used to go riding around with
Fishman and the rest of the debate team.
spending hours on the road In Fishman's van
travelling from city to city. from debate tourna-
ment to debate tournament. “We did drills all
day." he said. “Fishman would be driving like
a madman. eighty or ninety miles an hour.
and all the while he would be drilling us on the
season's topic." Life must have been hell for
Schmuckler during this period. l've sat in an
office once or twice with Fishman. and I know
what it can be like. But the class with Fishman
was the worst: the absolute worst.

Herr Fishman. as he was often called.

.v x
t This bit of wisdom hun fra 'ha' “‘9 ' '
.  the wall of convicted Watgergafzefiito): l3y greec'i'e '5 more '0 "'9 man 5'0"" 5" [asked him if he had a few moments to talk of the department. raktiig in a salary of well .
l Charles uTex" C0l50n. Tex Is a ma Anyon'e wh about a paper that I had submitted to him a over fifty grand a year. but to hear him and his dEbﬂlFY 1” "H5 “‘1le learnt and FIShman W35 8 dominated the class with his dense. pounding
, . close to my heart, oniy because I, n ing a m 0 works so hard at tiiiiass few momhs below {or an independem siudy‘ disciples iaik aboui n_ he was dammed [0 his part-time scout and full-time debate coach for verbiage, we were investigating [he question
i  seen so many of his kind h w the [m ionetary f0rlune that he ignores and he said he didn't have anytime right then. new position. “You see." they each explained M'Chlgén UNVGTS'W- ll mus‘ have been a of whether — and get this. this is really the
i SUNYA for. as we deiracio er'iei ~a' him r'ns'c beau'y Of the “mild “WU'ld but perhaps a little later. I said "OK. sure." on different occasions. using a strikingly 519329 10b ‘0‘; FlSl‘mﬁn- Who W35 PTObBblyl:Sl topic we. were doing “— whether ‘the
 ‘ AYNUSL where I Won,‘ L5 Ca If. h V Can never be a rich man because because he had me In his palm. gradewise. similar selection of words. “when a professor aéddense an h 3' a5 9 l5.“°Wf- flying“) 576,19]: "situationl creates the" rhetoric. . or the
" l guess how ma even aza'd '0 e5 missed lhe greatest wealth; a true and there was nothing else to say. agrees to take the chair he is often so caught kl 5 across l ‘4 COUmW ""0 our Steam 0 E rhetoric creates the situation. Can you
3 fai . ny me" and. “'1 5“ appreciation of life. To see through and But the whole situation really bugged me. up in the technicalities of running the depart- 0" hls leam- H9 coaxed SChWUCkler ""0 hi5 believe it? l mean. really. This is a university
" mess' a Who'e '0' 0' 'unny looking beyond the transient w ld f ' i ‘ i because in all this time. instead of getting the ment that he falls behind In the field. lt'sa real car and si'iltil- — and "1'5 ‘5 a lileral quote. aC‘ where fairly Intelligent things are supposed to
5 9M5 ll" QarlSh 5Weatpants Cut from the possessions Into t 0"- " 'na'midi attention an independent study is supposed to sacrifice as well as being a pain In the ass. but COYdlng ‘0 Jvc~ — 'Kld- you can bf be going on. and here we were doing the old
' same b0" 0f Clolhl are receiving the last be at least a i we rea'lda'mn Show provide we hadn't met even once to discuss some of us find it reWardlng." Yeah. right. like Q’ea‘ ‘ - - 0' you can be n0lhln9> chicken and the egg routine. “Who cares
5 mpor'an' '0 a S"'(""" "S the subject matter Schmuckler spent the two I'm supposed to believe this. Bertrand Russell. SCthCkle" mUSl haVe been eCSlBllC Bl "115 which comes first?" i always wanted to say.

' What a stupid question to ask.

First some Idiot published a paper claiming
that the rhetoric creates the situation; then
some other idiot issued a counterstatement

' saying that the situation creates the rhetoric.

then Herr Fishman topped It all off. Issuing a
paper that had the audacity to claim that both
the situation creates the rhetoric and the
rhetoric creates the situation. The way he talks
about it. the publication of his paper produced
an intellectual revolution. The egg produced
the chicken. which produced the egg,

. ...._.~_..s-_m».uwm—-w

 

