 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   

 

1  . ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ,t : TUESDA Y, MARCH 20.1984

Trackmeh‘ieightl'iat States

<3ch Page

Said MeGill, “l‘m still learning how
to race indoors and I’m still making
mistakes. l was tnore concerned
with trying to win the race. but
breaking the record was nice
anyway." Tire time was McGill‘s
best by almost fotir seconds. Coach

Mtrnsey coiriniented. “What can
you .say abotit Ed? He‘s improved
so much and he keeps going. He‘s a
coach‘s dream and he deserved to
get. the record."

“The season and the.State meet
were all I could expect from this

learn.“ said Munsey summing up.

"They always tried their best.
despite all the injuries and illnesses.
they never gave up. what else could
I ask of them?" The trackmen now
enter a two-week training period in
preparation for the outdoor season.

 

 

 

There thI be a mandatory interest meeting
for anyone who wants to

be a part of that
1984 outdoor track team

this Wednesday at 5:15 pm In room 125 In the gym. '
Contact Ceach ‘Munsey at 457-7585.

 

 

$75 million Cowboy sale probable

Hmtnltt/tt
(AP) A vote on the sale of the
Dallas Cowboys to a group of [2 in
vestors appeared probable as the
annual winter meeting of tile Na-
tional Football League clttb owners
began.

The group. headed by Dallas
businessman H.R. "Bum" liriglit.
reportedly has offered arotrird $75
million to (“ow-boys owner ('lint
Murchison.

.litn Francis. ati off ‘ial in
Bright's company. said Sunday that
he hoped the formal proposal for
the sale wotrld be made by ('owlioys
officials ivionday, with the owners
votitig on it shortly afterward.

The potential buyers face oire
hurdle. since no one- person would
own as rmrcli as St percent ot the
franchise.

lint while Nl-l. rtrles require that
one individual own at l'ast 5| per-
cent of a club. the rttle does not ap-
ply if one mart is given a ruling
trust. Tex Scliratnrii. tire current
Cowboys president. reportedly
would be given that voting right
with the new owners.

There are a number of NFL
learns that presently operate in that
manner.

The sale needs the approval of 2i
of the league's 28 owners. and it ap-
pears likely that it will pass.

Bright. 6]. wotrld own a reported
l5 percent interest in the Cowboys.
witli the purchase price to include a
30-acre tract where the team‘s new
lteadqttarters is beitig httilt. and the
remaining 65 years on the 'fcsas
Stadium lease.

Murchison. who is selling the
franchise to help settle his family‘s
stale and because of failing health.

  

paid 5550.000 to brltig Ilrc eypan-'

siorr ('owboys into the NH. iti Not).

The ('owboys‘ sale may not be
the otily ltaricirise discussions at the
owrrcrs‘ meetings.

littltiriioie ('olts owner Robert llr
say has been lalkirig about rllri\llli.'
ltis cltrb to either indiantipolis or
l’liocnis.

Meanwhile. air Indianapolis
litrsiricssriiaii. Robert \\'c|c|r.
reportedly has met with New
Orleans Saints owner .loltri Mcconi
to discuss buying the Saitrls and

‘ tiioving them to Indiana.

()Ilict sttliiccls c;\pectc(l tti lic

  
  
 
 
 
 
 

   

Catch features on
tennis captains Dave
Ulrich and Rob Karen,
as well as Coach
Lewis. in Friday’s
ASP.

discussed dtrring the owners'
meeting this week incltrde the im-
pact of the United States Football
League on the NFL.

The NFL's response to the
USFL. now in its second season.
thus far has been muted.

DATE

lily/1E

$15.00 OFF OF 10 KT-

  

MARCH 19-22

10AM-4PM
PM“: BARNES 8t NOBLE

amt RVED

Also likely to be considered is the
recent court ruling againstg the
underclassmen. That decision. if it
stands rip through the appeals pro-
cess. also would make unlawful the
NFL rtile that bans signing

,underelassmen. l' l

on 14K gold College Rings.

 

gonzo
tr 1). ~

 

(. ,, A

co'acri-La'u dead at '50;

Marathon, Fla“
(AP) Charley Lau. who spent'
most of his life unraveling the
mystery behind hitting a ball with
a bat. is dead at the age of 50.

The Chicago White Sox coach.
considered the finest batting in-
structor in the major leagues. died
at his hoine Sunday after a
months-long bout with cancer. a
team spokesman said.

"I believe he was a genius."
Chicago Manager Tony LaRussa
said Sunday. “Not many people
changed this game. but he did."

.Lau took a leave of absence
from the White Sox in June. when
medical tests revealed he had
cancer of the colon. said Roland
Hemond. Chicago’s general
manager. Lau was subsequently
hospitalized and underwent
surgery twice before returning to
his home. he added.

Lao joined the White Sox
organization in I98l. signing a six-
year contract that was thought to
be the longest and most lucrative
pact ever negotiated by a coach.

He may also have been the most
famous hitting instructor in the
game. having authored a book.
“The Art of Hitting .300." and he
played himself in a tnovie written I
by Neil Simon called “The Return

of Max Dugan’." _

A second volume of Lau's
writing is to be published soon.
entitled. “The Winning Hitter.“

Before signing with the White
Sox. Lau spent 1979-8] as a
member of the New York Yankees
coaching staff and 1971-78 with
the Kansas City Royals.

Lair. a catcher, broke into
baseball in 1952 with the Detroit
Tigers organization. making his
first appearance in the big leagtrcs
in [956. He Went on to play with
the Milwaukee Braves, Baltimore
Orioles and Kansas City Athletics.
retiring as a player with the Atlan-
ta Braves in 1967.

His best major league season as
a bitter was a .295 campaign with
the Orioles in 1965.

In I986. he guided Shreveport
to a second-place finish in the
Texas League during his only
season as a manager. He then
spent one season each as a coach
with the Orioles and Oakland A's
before moving to Kansas City as a
batting instructor.

In his l4 seasons as a coach.
Lau's teams took part in two
world Series. two AL pennants.
seven division titles and finished
in second place on fotir other oc-
casions. [ r

 

 

 

 r /

 

  

Now's the time to think about
your college ring. Not just any

ringma 14K Gold College Ring trom
rtCarved. The karat gold jewelry

that's designed and handcrafted tor
lasting value.

And now an ArtCarved 14K Gold -

College Ring is more affordable than you

think. Choose from an entire collection of
14K Gold ArtCarved College Rings and

save $25. This ofler Is for a limited time

BOOKSTORE

CLASS RINGSlNC

t l'illtl'll'l intuit r.r-.t ilr' ,t. ‘lt

only. so come in and see all the great
ArtCarved styles with the custom options
that can let you have the ring at your
choice. the way you want it. So graduate
in style. Graduate to gold!
Dilllll‘itl litititrtrotr

Matittiitiont or via: Actztzrrttitr

» s
. @QJCQ

Nothing also feels like real gold C)

 

 

 

 

 

 

Albany indoor socc

-B Dean Chang
EDITvR/AL ASSISTANT

After' winning the RPI tournament and
finishing third‘ in the Southampton tourna~
ment in their last two outings. expectations
were high for the Albany State indoor soccer
club to give a strong showing at last
weekend‘s Albany State indoor Soccer Tour.
nanient. the club‘s last tournament of the
year. Those hopes were dashed as the club's
two split squads failed to place iii the top
l'otrr.

Oneoiita earrie out victorious for the se-
cond straight year. defeating Roekland Corri-
rtrttitity College in the finals. 3-0. l’r'c-
tournament favorite llartwick took llrird
place in the consolation game against Albany
Alumni. a group of fortiler Albany standouts
and graduating seniors. by the identical score
of 3-0.

liarlwlck lived tip to its billing as oirc ol'
the top Division 1 soccer tcariis in the nation.
not allowing any goals throughout the toni-
riatnetit. They Iosr to ()nconla in the
sernifinais iii uti indefensible manner: the
shootout. iii fact. many of the games were
decided by slioototrts. itrcltrditrg the other
semifinal game that Rocklaiitl took over
Albany Alumni.

“it felt bad to lose in a shootout. said
Albany Altrmni's Mike Miller. “I-specially
since i had to take one of the shots and l
rrtisscd. We were that cltisc to winning.“

Several people thought that ()tieonta
wasn't the best learn in the toitrrriiriietit. “I
thought that the tltrcc best teams were llilll-
wick. Roekland and Ulster Commotiin ('ol-
lcgc." .suid Albany Blue's .lerty isaacs.
“Ulster was definitely better than ()ncoiita;
they iirovcd the ball better. i was surprised
that ()neonta wort overall. because they lost
to Ulster earlier in the preliminary garttcs."
Luckily for ()neontrr. Ulster was upset by
Rockland ill the quarterfinals H). in their on»
Iy loss of the tournament.

“Oneonta secured to pick tip momentum
as the tournament wore down.“ said ilettd
(‘oach Bill Schiefl'elin. “When ()neonta beat
llai'twick iii the shootout. they had it their
way frotn then on.”

As for tire two split learns. Albany liluc
and Albany White. neither could break
tlrrotrgli and score the goals when they need-
cd to. “The competition wits very good and
as a result. we didn’t fare as chI as i had
hoped." said Schiel'fclin. “l was disap-
pointed birt stltislicd. Regardless of not mak-
ing the playoffs. I saw a lot of positive things
out there. We accomplished a lot ot our oli-
lectives."

The two teams just missed qualifying for
the playoffs. as one more tie game would

II

7

.. -- . t wwsta w.

 

 

er cl

 

TUESDA Y. MARCH 20. 1934 u :ALBANY srupsNrmsss  19‘

ub trips in toUrnament

 

 

BOB LUCKEY UPS

Action last weekend at the 11th annual Albany State Indoor Soccer Tournament
which was won for the second year in a row by, Oneonta.

have ptrt either learn ill Iltc playoffs. Albany
liltie. considered to lie the stronger ofrlre two
learns. was hurt by the absence of Terry Bac—
chus. liacclius. one of tlrecluli's bcst players,
was only able to play iti his team's last two
games. Albany liltte won one of those games
trrrd tied tlte other.

“We missed Terry tt lot.“ said Istiacs. "Ilc
tirade a big difference on Saturday when Ire
etime brick. We needed someone to control
the ball itr llre triiddlc trtrd to distribute it
wlicti the forwards made their r'tins."

Albany liltic opcrtcd up Friday night losing
to Ulster. .‘l-i. They later lied Unconta at one

and played Nassau Community College to a
scoreless draw. On Saturday. Albany liltre
suffered their only loss of the day against

Na/arelll, Z-l. “That was a real disappoin-
ting loss.“ said Sclrieffclirr. “\\'e hit the
crossbar a couple of times and a few of otrr
.slirils just missed."

'I he nest game against ('ltrrkstowtt marked
the return ol'liacchtis. httt Albany liltie could
only manage a H tic. “literally nothing
would work.“ said Schicflelin. "l’hc ball
just wouldn't go into the net. It just one ol
our shots went iti. we \\tll|ltl'\\‘-llliltlt' the

final round." The team‘ beef Orange Com-
munity College in their last game, 4-0.
Albany White played Fulton Montgomery
Community College in their first game Friday
night. and the result was a scoreless tie. Hart-
wick then defeated the team. 2-0. despite

» some excellent defensive work. Albnay White

edged Monroe Community College iti their
last game Friday. i-0.

On Saturday. Albany Wllite once again
opened tip with a scoreless deadlock. this
tirtte to Rockland. Their next garlic was
against Albany Alumni. and this too. ap-
peatcd that it .would end tip tied at zero. With
only 20 seconds left. Albany Alumni scored
to win the game. M). if Albany White had
preserved the lie. they wotild have advanced
to the final round. lti their filial game. the
learn deletitcd Kean ('ollege by the score ot
l-(l. ' ‘ » '

Albany White's pro-ilcm was a lack of
scoring; in siv games. the team could only
nrrinttgc two goals. ()‘n the positive side. tltc
team only gave" tip th‘ree'gozrts the entire tour-
nament. bill it wasn't enough to make the
playoffs. lti contrast. lstittcs \L'Ul'L'd five of
Albany llltre‘s eight goals. bill the learn gate
tip seven goals.

Albany Alumni also had at problem finding
the net. Said tlelctisematr Eviillcr. " There
were too many defensiyc players so we played
it little bit too cotiscryatiycly. There were four
dcfensive-rnindcd players on the field. and I
was told trot to take any chances."

Nevertheless. Albany Alumni was the only
learn Iti make the final round. “l'm not
upset." said Miller. “We did at pretty good
job. We Iiad otir chances. but by the end til
the tortrnariient l was tl‘tttl tired. l wiin we
won." Miller will be gradtiatiiig this year and
is looking forward to playing in next year's
tournament as a true alumnus.

Il' Coach Schicl’felirl didn‘t split tip his
players into two tennis. perhaps the results
might have been different. lirit winning isn‘t
everything. according to Schieffelin. “i
divided the teams everrly.“ said Schieffclin.
“Obviously. yotr want to play and yotr watil
to win. Splitting the players gave them sotne
tough competition arid it enabled lliLthl find
otrt how certain players respotrd to pressure.
I can't tell unless they‘re itr tlicic playing."

Sclriefl‘elin was stitislictl with what he sth
over the weekend. “liotli teams played very
well. and l tliitik it proved that we‘re \ery
competitive." said Schict'lclirt. “Half of the
starting members or the two teams were
freshmen. so i think u c little the ItIlL'lil to im-
prove on otrt .500 record last year. l was
pleased with how the young guys played as :t
learn."

Albany State bowlers in a class by themselves

By Marc Berman
|\\Ilt I it] worth I Ill/tlIt‘

Sometimes a tetriii's superior ity over others
I’csttlts iii a hindrance rather than a bcnelit.

That is the case with the Albany State
bowling cltrb. which after pctpctut‘rlly
dominating their opposition iii the now
deftrtict ’l‘lrtirsday night bowling league. fintl
themselves witlrotit tiny opponents \villili.“ l“
compete with tlrctri anymore.

For a span of eight weeks. from lillt.‘
Novetnber to rnid»l"cbrttary. Albany State
was a rtiernber'ol' Ille league that featured
clubs strcli as Albany Business ('ollcge.
.lllliltll’ (‘ollcge of Albany. and Sierra. litit last
month the league was dissolved title in part to
Albany State's reigning siipt'cttiacy'. liach of
the eight weeks. the Albany State "A" tcattt
finished first.

“We just can't get the learns tti come dowti
anymore." stilt bowling eltili president
Salvatore I’erednia. better known to bowling
ftiiis as Sal “the kingpin."

Formed by Percdnitt last spring. tlle cltrb is
presently at a standstill. searching for fresh
UI‘DUIIL‘ttls to bowl against. There is one cltrb
which has agreed to a rematch against
Albany Slate. the Tri-Sttite chritrrpion Rl’l
Engineers at Rl‘l's lattes.

Slated for April 7. the reirlatell will serve as
sort of a grudge match for RF]. liarlier this
season. the Danes crunched tlle I-irrgineers at
the Albany ('arnptrs Lanes: however. ltl’l

claimed the match \\.'ls pltryctl trritlct less Illilll
]\L'|l\.'k'l bowling t'tttltlilitllls. l‘llL‘ ltttics note
not oiled tietoie the match and the variance
secured to baffle the RH bowlers.

I’crcdnirr is cypccting a closer meet than
the previous one. “They had an off day and
couldn't adjust to the unoiled lanes.

it

he

 

UPS
Sat Perednla olten smiles as his bowl-
ing club breeds tear.

\illtl. " l'hey should do better on lltcii lattes so
it should be a lot closer "
l (‘Ittb member Stcyc Silya was more scictc
ot the cross-town It\:tl\. ".-\ team or tlicit
winning status should be able to win on any
type of lane conditions." said Siliti. who is
known to many as “The Iioy Wonder.“
“Granted. it will be closer; I don‘t see how
we can beat them any noise than we did.“

Albany State is still looking for new corn-
pctitiotr and titlc‘possiliilli) is to join tlte
i(i-tctttii league consisting ofclubs from (on—
trecticttt. Rliodc Island. and lvlassachirsctts.
it is also the league Rl’l finished oti top of
this season.

However. tltcre are a multitude of pro-
blems that trrake the chances somewhat
unrealistic. The essential one is getting up
sufficient funds to pay for the abittrdaiit
rittmber of road trips. The SA currently allots
the ‘lttb $800 of \\ liieh hall' must be returned.
Travelling expense rilorrey would require in
e\ccss of the irtotiey already allotted.

Another roadblock is that Albany State
would lliI\L‘ to find one team to enter the
league with so as to keep it balanced. As of
now. no such team exists.

lint the financial matters is what worries
l’eregiiia the most. “If we were accepted to
the league l‘d probably go to SA and ask for
ti loan. l figure we could ptiy it back front
fitndr'ttising.”

The sophomore president plans on waiting
ttrtlil tievt year. though. before going throuin
with the idea. lliy present concern is trying to

teplttcc tho lirinlt'ls who are graduating.

lltc club will lose their top two bowler».
Lilcrr (ioltlrrraii t l-‘s‘T my.) and Iotii ('lllitllllls
ti‘)tl il\1.‘.l. (roldmtrti bottled tlic letietrc‘s
highest grime registering - 2h“). lle connected
on ten sttttielit corisccittltc strikes bclott
letiying one standing on his third throw. ('orr
dttlis is considered by many as the st‘linul's
Iiilisl consistent bowler.

 

Other key losses to graduation will be Date
i.cchrrcr. Dennis llcwrtl. llill Set-bold. and
.leff fanncn. all of whom qualified for this
year's A(‘Us (American (‘ollcge Unions).

Unfortunately for the Danes. the returnees
are fewer than the depttrtees. l’et'cdtiia aird
Silva are the orin ones back front the "A"
learn. Silva also qualified for the AClls.
Sophomore Rich l'lill'lCl‘ll ([78 avg.) is
atrotlier prosle to lookout for nevi season.

The lack of returnees is why l’erednia is in
the midlsl of a_ lietivy recruiting period. “I
know thct‘e's a lot of great bowlers on catn-
pus.“ he said. "It's just a matter of finding
llrettt and lettlrig thctii know there is a bowl-
ing club. We're going to begin a ptiblicity
campaign sooti." .

l’er'ctlnia often does his recruiting while
working nights ill the Albany ('ainpits Lanes.
“If i see it good bowler. I'll go tip to ltirii and
tell Iririi about the chili.

“' 'hct'e's 12.000 people pri campus; l ktiow
there‘s a lot of good bowlers out there. i just
want them to know it they‘re interested.
we'reinterested."

 

 

 

