 

 

 

' Danes mauled byCards for third str

By Keith Marder
assoc/A TE Spams EDITOR Hamburg},

The Platisburgh Cardinals beat the Albany
State Great Danes 81-77 Wednesday night in
Memorial Hall at Plattsburgh in a game that
was interrupted by two fights. one of which
was a bench-clearing altercation.

With 1:47 left to play in the game and Plat-
tsburgh leading 74-67, Albany guard Dave
Adam fouled out of the game as he was
charged for blocking Plattsburgh guard Jeff

 

Don Crouticr will lead the Dance In action against the' ‘
Binghamton Colonials Saturday night. ED “mum” UPS

Law. it was Law who was also involved in an
altercation with Dane playmaker Dan
Crouticr 50 seconds earlier. In that instance
Law had a breakaway layup and Crouticr. in
an attempt to stop him, dragged him down
from behind. The two players traded heated
words along with shoves.

1n the second incident. Adam and Law fell
to the ground directly in front of the Car-
dinals‘ bench. Law was slow in getting up.
Adam. obviously unhappy about this, shov-

ed‘ Law. All of a sudden the Plattsburgh
bench cleared to come to their teammate‘s
aid. The whole Albany team soon followed
as some fans. including former Cardinal
player Paul Glodis. joined in. it was a very
messy scene as the referees were clearly inef-
fective in stopping this melee. '
Albany seemingly had gained momentum
as they built a seven point lead with 2:18 re-
maining in the ﬁrst' half. But, the Danes
decided to slow the tempo down and had pro-

FRIDA Y, FEBRUARY 3. I984

aight loss

blems holding onto the ball. Two fast break
baskets by Cardinal guard Pat McGinn. one
of which was a three point play. evened the
score at 39 to close out the half.

“1 iaycd it into them pretty good during
halftime." said Albany Head Coach Dick
Sauers. “it may have had adverse effects.”

One "adverse effect" Sauers mentioned
may have been that the Danes came out flat
at the outset of the second half. in tlte first
seven minutes of the half the Danes were only
able to put four points on the board. and it
took the Danes over three minutes to even
break the ice in the period.

“We were getting a lotof good shots and
we have to be able to hit those shots." said
Sauers.

Keeping the Danes in the game at this poittt
was the fact that Plattsburgh wasn't taking
advantage of the Danes' poor start.
in the same seven minute span the Cardinals
only managed to score 10 points.

Another factor that kept the Danes close
was the play of John Mracek. who scored
seven of his 13 points in a 3:13 spurt of the
period.

in the early stages of the game the Danes
were lucky that none of their players got into
serious foul trouble as the fouls were very
evenly distributed. This fortune turned out to
be a disaster as Adam. Wilson Thomas. .1th
Zadoorian, and Brian Kauppiln all fouled
out.

The loss was the Danes' third slrttighl and
dropped their overall record to 10-8 while
their SUNYAC record fell to 3-2. This is the
closest Albany has been to the .500 mark
since November 22 when the Danes lost to
Hartwick and their record was 2-1.

HOOP-LA: There were no serious injuries
resulting from the brawls with the exception
of Adam. who left with a bandage over his
left hand...0ne possible explanation for the
violent fan reaction is that Coach Law of-
fered a keg of beer to the loudest section of
the crowd...l’lattsburgh had previously lost
their last seven games by a total of IS
polnts...Danes host Binghamton to kick off
Great Dane Basketball Week Saturday night
at 8:00 pm. Admission to the game is free.

Women cagers foul up in OTIoss to Binghamton

By Mark Wilgard ,

STAFF warren

Things were going great for the Albany
State women’s basketball team immediately
after semester break. They had dominated
such teams as Skidmore. Dominican, RH,
and William Smith. They had won four of
five games; their only defeat being a one-
point setback. They were moving toward the
top of the SUNYAC East Conference.

But now the Danes will have to struggle if
they want to host the SUNYAC regional on
February 21. The reason for this is simple:
the team suddenly can't make foul shots;

On Sunday. the Danes missed 16 free
throws in a 72-56 loss to St. Michael's. And
on Wednesday nightfthe poor shooting from
the line continued. in a big SUNYAC con-
ference game. Albany bowed to Binghamton
67-65 in overtime while shooting a disastrous
19 percent (3-16) from the free throw line.

“You just can't shoot 19 percent (from the
line) and expect to win." assessed Albany
Head Coach Mari Warner. “A lot of those
were front ends of one and ones. The free
throws literally lost the game for us."

‘ The officials also might have had
something to do with the defeat. The score
was tied at 65.65 with' 35 seconds remaining
in overtime. The Danes began to work the
clock in hope of getting off the ﬁnal shot.
However, a 3-second violation was called and
the Colonials took over. Suddenly, Albany
center Nancy Grasso went flying to the

ground with the Colonials in possession of
the ball. No foul was called. bttt Warner was
more irritated that the officials let play con-
tinue on.

“Time should ltavc been called. Nancy was
hurt." said Warner. “We were playing four
against five." ’

Albany managed to ‘steal the ball. but
Warner had to utilize a time-out to get
Grasso out. Then. with 18 seconds left, the
Danes traveled with the ball. With 5 seconds
to go, Binghamton let go with a missed shot.
A mad scramble then ensued and the Col-
onials put in the winning bucket with only 1
second showing on the clock. To Warner’s
disbelief. no foul was called.

"it got a little rough and out of hand out
there" she said.

The Danes had to play the last three
minutes of regulation time plus the OT
period without their point guard. Rainny
Lesane. who fouled out.

Warrior stated. “We had crucial turnovers
at bad times. We also put up shots we
shouldn‘t have taken. it wasn't one of our
better games."

Next up for the Danes is a critical
SUNYAC East game at Piattsburgh tomor-
row night. The Cardinals boast two good-
shooting players, Anne Slattery (19 points
per game) and Maureen McLendon (17 per
game). “They‘re a running team. but we feel
that we'll be able to keep pace with them."
said Warner.

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Chris Cannatta runs down a loose ball as Dab Pardew (12) looks on In the women
basketball team’s loss to Binghamton Wednesday night. 87-85.

FAST BREAKS: Diane Fernandes had 14
points in leading the women ,eagers. Ronnie
Patterson and Jean Palioek each had
ll...Albany’s record fell to 11-6 overall. and
1-2 in the conference...Next home game is
February 9 versus Hamilton. El

 

 

Women swimmers
win to go 11 —0
-rPage 18

 

 

 

r

VOLUME LXXI

ALBAEK '
TUD T‘
HESS

Tuesday,
February 7, 1984

' NUMBER4

 

 

Conference focuses on blaCk awareness issue

 

By Alicia Clmbora
sour II'RII‘Is'R

Kicking off a black history montlt lit the
capital district was a one day civil rights cott-
l‘erence held in the New York State Museum
February .5. Among the speakers attending
were noted civil rights leader Reverend Wyatt
Tee Walker. and SUNYA Vice-President of
Student Affairs Frank Pogne.

The conference, entitled “Freedom Has
Never Been Frcc." was it OllL“(iily event
which focused on the past and future of the
Civil Rights movement. ,

Also speaking at the conference were
President of the Albany chapter of the Na-
tional Association for the Advancement of
Colored l’coplc (NAACP) Dr. 13..1. Josey.
and thc Dean of .luuior College of Albany
.lohn Strolle. in addition to thc spcttkcrs.
workshops dealing witliisxucs conch ning

c ' ' rc also offered. I

\Vttlkcr. following an impressive introduc~
lion and list ol‘crcdcutinls wltich included his
rcccnl ttcconipttniznncnt ot' the 1934
Democratic Presidential hopcl'ul Jesse
Jackson to Syria. began his tttltlt'css to thc
tlil'CtIti)’ primed audience.

“We must kccp black history tt|i\c twch
months out of thc ycttr m not just one
month. he said. He expressed grctu conch n
for tile black youth of today shying lhttl “it is
important to lcttrn from the past to lilltiL‘IV

He also called Andrew Young. the head of
the NAACP. "politically naive and impru»
dent" and said that black public officials.
once elected. become "more loyal to tltc
Democratic Party" than to the blacks who
elected them. ‘

Walker was vehement itt his endorsement
of Jesse Jackson for the Democratic nominw
tiott anti said that “no candidate has a Civil
Rights record to tntttch Jesse Jackson."

Walker \tliti he feels that Jackson has a
strong chance bcctttlsc ltc works through the
church network nttd that “blocks will follow
their rcvcrncd rather than at block elected of-
I'icittl."

According to thlkcr. Jackson’s czttttlidttcy
will force other 'ttndidtttcs to discuss issues
that might llL'\L‘I' lutvc bcctt discussed "such
its Ihc imasion of (il‘L‘lltltitl. covert military
action. \ltppttt‘l for Nicnrngun. ttnd trndc
policies with South Africa.

.»\n .-\|i(' .thulilli/n‘ poll shows Jackson is
ticd with John (ilcnn tunong the Dcmocrutic
piL‘\itiClllitli hopchth snid Walker. who call-
l'Li Jackson the “most tittiuctivc candidate for
11111'titlillrlilillkitlg.‘\illCl'iCtillviii/ell."

\\‘;i|kc| also cttiphttsi/ctl thc importunce of
utter registration and said that blacks who
don't tct'islct to tote “:tin‘t doin' nothin‘ bttt
\huckitt' illlti ii\iu'.“ ’

llc L‘\[\1‘L'\\L‘tl conccr'n thnt blink youths me
not \ttllllil by saying ti‘ut “it wits :1 hell of It

 

 

ttttttl our present and to plttn for the future
“it is El challenge to kccp black history

Vice President of Student Affairs Frank Po-gue

 

nlivc.“ he sttitl. because "while historians cx-
pcct black scholars to internuli/c lhcir
distorted versions of blttck history."

Commenting on school scgrcgtttion.
Walker said that “till busing does is
dctnocrttti/c an inconvenience. The problctn
is not with busing — it's with us. l‘hcy‘rc
ttl‘rttid we‘re going to get a cluutc ' tll tut counl
education."

Educational opportunities ill't.‘ going
backwards not forwards. he added. “There

the Mill mmncndmcnt was passed.“ he
charged.

He went on to stty thnt "Racism 's

‘ystcmtttic in Amcrictt and scgrcg’htion is only
at phenomena of this system."

“it is only itt reccttt years that scgrcgulion
has not been such it hltlltlttl cwntplc of social
discriminntion.“ sttitl Wnlkcr.

Wulkcr stated that thc condition of blttcks
hasn‘t changed substantially since
“The flow of history its it rclutcd to blacks in
America is like a rc-run of an old movie.
are more scgrcgatctl schools now tlutn when ‘ Walker said. adding, that “the changes are
more cosmetic tlttut consequential and 11 grcttt
majority of blacks are worse off now than
they were thirty years ago."

"IJt/rlr pigmenl lam/x Io L‘UIl/L’IH/ll. orlmcixm tunl low social slants

thlkcr cttllctl the 17

unemployment

l‘urnittg to polit
Ni\on yctu's “*

l(tl‘).

praise
cit her.

Walker had no
political opposition

LISA SIMMONS UPS

[‘iL‘l’CL‘lll
l‘tliL‘ :1 “national disaster"
and noted liltil tltc ntcdinn income gap bcl~
\\cctl blacks and whites is widening.

Wulkcr
I ssuc turd recessi

blocks iilltl charged Rcttgnn with “packing
the (‘ivil Rights conunissiou with re
" blacks and right wing conservative whites.“

for chgtut's is
saying
Democratic Party is taking our votes for
gruntcd and ncvcr delivering."

\It tlgglc to net Ihc vote and our young blacks
do not vote."

\\‘:tlkctﬁdcclnrcd that “.t \lilk‘itT‘A citth is
n hopclcss citi/ctl.H

Walker. speaking with gtent conviction
and condor. was interrupted numerous times
by l‘lllxls of applause.

lhc opcning tultlrcss. cntitlctl “The Mean-
ing and Value of iilttck History Month" was
ghcn by i’ogne. \\ Ito dcclttrcd he has “pleats-
cd to rcprcst'nt the llnitcrsity" at such an im-
porttlttl ctcnt.
According to l’ogue. lilock hixtory month

itupottttnt iiCt‘tlth‘ it “destroys the

tiislol‘lctl imttgcs ol‘ hint-ks" tlutt white
historians lune pcrpctuntcd.

black

tcrlned the

'tiontu'y

"the

.8,

Student vote could sway Reagan ré-election bid

B Steve Fox
NEWS EDI HJR

As itt all presidential election ycttrs. the first couple of
months oi'cnmpnigning bring about a lot of speculation on ti
variety of issues. Conscrvation topics range from the impor-
tnncc of the gender gap and the tninority vote to the condi-
tiott of the economy and the stzttc of world affairs.

One voting bloc that will have to be granted serious cott-

sidcration this election year is the student vote. And one.

question that comes to mind is whether or
not the student vote can hurt or help Presi-
dcttt Ronald Reagan's chances at re-
election.

Student Association of State University's

News
Analysis

ASSOCIATED PRESS
President Ronald Reagan

Oftenultuc/rerl for culling financial aid.

 

(SASU) President Jim Tierney stud he believes that if
students nationwide register and vote it is possible that thc
student vote could be powerful ttntl possibly bccotnc a swing
vote. Ticrncy strcsscd thnt SASU is not supporting anybody
right now and that they are strictly non-partisan.

He did say. though. that he does not see students voting
for Reagan. “As far as the issues concerning students.
Reagan has been on the wrong side." claimed Tierney.

He cited financial aid cttts. the Solomon Atttcndmcnt and
the renewal of the draft registration us the obvious Issues
which students should consider when voting this fall. “if

students votc on the issues. tltcn the vote will be against

Reagan." Tierney maintained.

SUNYA College Republicans President Will Kamishlian
disagreed with Ticrncy‘s statement. and asserted that tltcrc is
'1 “good chance" that the student vote will help Reagan’s re-
cicction bid.

Kamishlittn supported a “whole pie" philosophy in up—
position to Ticrney‘s issue-concentrated philosophy, main-
taining that. “with a lot of things you have to look beyond,"
the initial impact. He pointed ottt that students have to be
business—wise and rcttli'lc that, “bttdgct cuts ttt'l'cct
everybody." and that “everybody has to share in the cuts."

New York Public interest Res 'rch Group (NYPIRG)
Project Coordinator Paul Herrick said that the whole point
behind the national voter registration drivc kicked off in
Albany two weeks ago is to give students at votcr education
centering on tile issues that affect them. “Students have got
to start cttt'ing." chlllllcti Herrick, if progressive change is to
be brought about.

Herrick made an intcresting comparison to the senior
citizen voting bloc. saying that students have to get ' ‘ " ' d
cow" issue the way that the senior citizen voting bloc ntttdc
social sccurity their “sacred cow.“ "Tuition and financial
ttid have to become that ‘sacrcd cow' if students are to be u

 

 

 

SASU President Jim Tierney
Does not see slur/ems voting for Reagan.
recognich bloc." maintained llerrick.

"Reagan is only a proportion of the cquntion." clttimcd
ilcrrick. Students can become a significant suing vote in
sltttcwidc elections. claimed Herrick; bttt hc snid he has
doubts about whether the student vote can be effective “.1-
tionwidc.

(‘ollcgc Democrats President Putty Salkin said she believes
tiltll Reagan is “very conservative." and that since most
students are liberal voters, the student vote will not help
chgttn, .

“if Reagan gets a second tcrm. his actions will become
tnot'c-conservative. less pragmatic. doing it lot more to lturt
students and young people." ttdtlcd Sttlkin. She insisted that

8»

 

 

