 

 

 

u..i~"u.r'~\‘..e. «M. “ma-v4“ ..

 .,.-»~w-m\‘-Mw .w

C’est Moi A

I'm back In the saddle again. ..

Hi. it's me, and this is something that I’ve been wanting to say for a long _

time, buti haven't been able to figure but how.

This magazine Is called Aspects. it’s billed as the “creative magazine of the
Albany Student Press." and what that basically means Is that this is the section
where we can have a little fun with what we're saying and how we say it to you.

We carry a lot of movie and record reviews, the odd book review or two,
good fiction and humorous pieces when we can get them, thetodd poem, and.
In between all this. we try to interject a little bit of substance to save the section
from being basically ﬂuff. . 7

Fine. Except that a lot of people l- run into don't seem to see it that way.
Especially people in the ASP newsroom.

Last week, a writer criticized my section for not being "free" enough. “This is
the section where you're supposed to be able to get away with things," was his
argument. He also criticized me for being too conservative and afraid of con-

 

 Insidé'".  .

Alarms, Wings, Saxophones,
and Dead Cats with absolutely

no good uses

3a

 

best shot. anyway.

centerfold
' With the escalating amount of nuclear weaponry in the world to-

.Vlews And Visions: Aspects own Jonas Nachsln takes a look at the
Alarm’s newest contribution to the field of good music, and Deb
'Stekl the Techie tells of the day her cat died. .

.or she gives it her

 

 

“Sty—.3.

troversy, and said that my editorial decisions were.“flckle as 'the wind."

Again. fine. if l didn't have the ego to take remarks like that, I never would
have landed this position as quickly as i did.

However, with every ego goes a strong sense of pride, and with St. Patrick's
Day just a week away. my lrlsh starts rising to the surface every time i hear that
old ASP stand-by, "Oh. he doesn’t count. He’s only Aspects."

Apparently. the fact that l’m allowed to use pieces like the infamous Frog
Jerky, the fact that i don’t use the straight news style that Bill Rowley so effec-
tively drums into the heads of his journalism students, and the fact that my pro-
duction night is on a Wednesday. and nobody can see that i put as much work
into my section as anybody else does (on Monday and Thursday production
nights) has fostered the erroneous belief that Aspects “doesn’t count."

When i hear this at twelve o’clock on a Thursday afternoon after not having

been to bed for 27 hours. It pisses me off.

This is Aspects. As many people read this section as read any other section

of this newspaper.

Get It straight.
Bye.

 

' Quote of the Week
"Oh my God, ljust ate Keith!”

ASP Managing Editor Patty Mitchell. looks
Ing mighty satisfied. She claimed to have

day, things sometimes seem hopeless. Michele Lopresti takes a
look at some of the alternatives to today’s arms race. focusing on
the most desirable and least possible of them, total nuclear disar-

mament.
i

 

Perspectives: Wayne Peereboom spins the tale of Jack, a hopeful
artist with his life in front of him, who dreams of playing jazz sax
someday. And Maria Carlino reviews Two Wings To Veil My Face,
the story of Great Momma Sweetie Reed.

 

7a
View From The Aisle: Thenew motion picture Footloose may be
struggling to be recognized on it's own merits, but Jodi Jacobs
observes that the film is definitely not Flashdance—Free. lan Spell
ing. meanwhile, takes in Unfaithful/y Yours, and finds himself very
surprised. . .it’s good!

 

\Ja
Retrospect: Look ahead to stimulating and exciting cultural,
musical. and cinema events at SUNYA and around town with
Spectrum's calendar of future happenings. The Freshman gets a

‘ long deserved break — after all, the second semester is almost

forgotten a comma somewhere.

' over, anyway. v

 

 

 

 

@mnus Win/s
- r‘s ntbrsan rm: nrs.u.u.r._n .Mc'

cc mm our user mm or
sruu’uf-“II’ nmuﬂumk“—rs aux!

Bl lifORD

'z'vrtorrv marries rmmwmn r
«smashinng mm raw 1 new"

LL14
i
l

l ll lll

 

 

 

 

 

\,€
. gritt‘rllkug
. at
w “Wow

Eva! dress. it?“
PMOML‘I WM WK
alupiucs nun us:
rum’ STUPID "HIM
u: Edam-r or! us,

run! vr'u. arsnoxuml
rm: LOSER 62 teen.

1M M’me ,WF
(at IT tins arm VSING
us as commas Sin/£6
fire Footﬂeiimvc {pm/MY. a» , cur
Mitiifrll! dime you u, my“ 11,
ppm! tam Writ} Ego“ (“m/D,
{0R Us.

was f it”! It!
WHY {Into us,
ue‘u. PRanwI
me vs ur nu.
maur!

jEzMoULD You
1115er nr

 

 

 

ACROSS
'1 Metal
8 Article of

turnlture

11 indolent

12 The East

14 Parent:
colloq.

15 Broke
suddenly

17 About

18 Beverage

20 Worms.

21 King Arthur's
lance

22 Flock

24 Goddess oi
healing

25 Pinochle
term

26 Darts

28 Periods of
rest 47 Figures of

30 Wine cup speech

31 Silkworm 49 Symbol for

32 Dormant tantalum

35 Wisest 50 Sleeping-

38 Goddess of sicknessin
discord 52 Surgeon’s

39 Dress border lnstument

41 Without end 54 Snares-

42 Part of circle 55 Freshet

43 Sutierer from .
Hansen's
disease

45 French tor
"summer"

DOWN

1 More trite

2 Note of seal
46 Compass 3 Dawn 8

point goddess

4 Slave

5 Rants

6 Drunkards
7 War god

8 Proposition
9 French article
10 Sign up
11 City in

Nebraska

13 Cares for
16 Greek letter
19 Eccentric
21 Mitigate
23 Cupolas
25 Join
27 Pale
29 Edible seed
32 Smallest

number

33 Apprehend

34 Subjects of
discourses

35 Odors

36 Soia

37 Handle

40 Slender finial

43 Speech
impedimenl

44 Harvest

47 Music: as
written

48 Nahoor
sheep

51 Teutonic
deity

53 Cent: abbr.

 

rends come and go in rock music. but-
there always seems to be a continuous

cycle through which. every four or five
years, the next "big thing" arrives to save rock
'n soil from the clutches of the corporate
monster. Names which come to mind include
Bob Dylan, the Sex Pistols, The Clash, and
U2. Being labeled in this manner has some ad-
vantages. but the major disadvantage Is that
these bands are constantly scrutinized closely.
and any deviation from humanistic. unselfish
motives is scorned by hypocritical fans and
critics with shouts of "sell-out." After many
groups have met this end, however, a young
group comes along which provides new hope
that someone in rock music can actually
change the world, and make a real impact.

 

Jonas Nachsin

One of the best of the crop coming from the
recent resurgence of guitar-oriented bands Is
The Alarm. who hail from lreland. The band
first gained exposure as they took in rave
critical reviews on U2's American and British
tours. The Alarm, along with groups like Big
Country and R.E.M.. embody just what the
music Industry has been lacking for the last few
years. The key phrase here Is substance; The
Alarm's sound incorporates stirring lyrics. driv-
ing guitars, and refreshing spirit which stifles
the incessant moaning characteristic of post-
punk synthpop. and at the same time. refutes
the nihilistic warnings of early punk.

The Alarm's self-entitled debut EP last year
provided a hint of what they were after.
Although they were initially labeled as
“political.” it's clear that the Alarm's politics

’are of a much more personal nature. Songs
like "The Stand" and “Marching On" are pro-
clamations of unity and spirit, compelling the
world to take notice of The Alarm and the in-
dividual to take hold of his own life. to “make
the stand."

With Declaration. The Alarm’s first full-
length LP. the band has strengthened their
stance in today's music scene. even though
there are a few flaws in its design which mar its
otherwise creative ingenuity.

For instance, the first two songs on side
one, "Declaration" and "Marchan On," were
previously released on the EP, with the former
simply being re-titled from the original title.
“For Freedom." Given. "Marching On" is one
of The Alarm's finest efforts yet. but the ver—
sion on their album is slower. less melodic,
and inevitably just doesn't add anything
substantial to the original version. Also, “The
Stand (Prophecy)" from Declaration is merely
a condensed poetic rendition of the original.
Taking these songs into consideration, the
album is left with seven previously unreleased
songs. Given the fact that this album's list price

 

Is less than six dollars. however, it's obvious
that the band isn't trying to rip off anyone and
can be forgiven for being caught short of
material.

Enough of negatives, though. The re
mainder of Declaration Is inspiring, uplifting.
driven music. “Where Were You Hiding
When the Storm Broke" is possibly the best
single they’ve come out with yet. Dave
Sharp's nifty guitar riff combined with Twist's
pounding drum beat and the fantastic backing
chant of "Four! Windsl Howll" make this track
an angry, Insistent anthem whose meaning Is a
little difficult to decipher. Lyricists Mike Peters

‘ and Eddie MacDonald tend to use a great deal
‘ of cliches, such as “All cards are marked, and
all fates will collide” from this song, which has
garnered them a reputation among music
'critics as exhibiting typical young band naive‘
te. But considering that the opposite extreme
‘to naivete constitutes cynicism and sarcasm.
l'll take The Alarm's philosophy anyday.
“Third Light." a strong anti-war song ex~
; hibits the great crunching guitar work of Dave
' Sharp. the fantastic out-of-tune vocals of Ed-
'-die MacDonald, and some very interesting
' overdubblng exercised by producer, Alan
' Shacklock. Shacklock really gets himself into
: trouble on the magnificent "Sixty-Eight
; Guns." however. because he makes the
, mistake of Interrupting a perfect three-and-a-
'haif minute single with a pointless interim of
, whispering. echoes and mostly. plain silence.
} in order to extend this Into a six-minute track.
j The song Itself is a fantastic anthem about an
' imaginary gang being torn apart by the events
; around them, a theme similar to that of “Thick
'as Thieves" by The Jam. The addition of ex-
.uberant horns molds perfectly with The
lAlarm’s sound. but the self-lndulgent two-
' minute break In the middle does tend to lessen
',the potential Impact this song could have on
the listener.
‘ There are two sleeper gems here. "We Are
: the Light," which ends side one, and "Blaze of
,Glory" on side two. "We Are the Light"
' displays a resounding beautifully sung chorus
and strengthening. optimistic lyrics. included
lamong The Alarm's many influences is the
[major force behind the now decrepit punk
i rock movement. the Sex Pistols. in listening to
The Alarm's music, then, it's interesting to
- note that whereas the Sex Pistols intended to
shock and belittle the world around them.
members of The Alarm have discarded that
r narrow perspective and concentrated on pro-
viding hope and strength to their listening au-
dience. in "We Are the Light." Peters ex-
plains, “there's a boy who's been told there's
no future — he's been fed by the blind." an
apparent reference to a Sex Pistols lyric.
"Blaze of Glory" features the re-appearance

 

of soaring. triumphant horns. and beautiful

'.M-lke Pete

 

 

 

 

 

 

swelling. meandering harmonies. Their climax
is an Incredible display of pounding drums,
scorching electric guitar. and strained screams.
which elicits visions of a bi-centennial
fireworks display, complete with Liberty Bell
chimes. This song. as well as "We Are the
Light" are the most reminiscent of Bob Dylan's
work. due to their reliance on the acoustic
guitar and a familiar, whining harmonica
sound. which gives The Alarm their folk feel-
lng. Although The Alarm are constantly com-
pared to Dylan and The Clash. their sound. if
anything. resembles more closely a polished
version of Stiff Little Fingers. The remaining
tracks are all well thought out song ar-
rangements. many of which feature more use
of electric guitar.

The Alarm's main strength. is. and will
hopefully continue to be. their deep convic-
tion to maintaining a close relationship with
their audience. This is where they differ from

 

 

 

many of their predecessors and some of their
peers. Although they tried to avoid it. The
Clash couldn't help but to become ostracized
from much of their audience because of their
' God-like status. And for all the closeness
which Big Country displays during their live
performances, it's hard to repect a band
whose frontman insists that no art has come
out of America In the last ten years. and that
our music has all been “borrowed” from Bri-
tain. The Alarm can be respected and admired
on a universal basis. which makes itthat much
,easier to love their music.

Declaration Is about inner struggle. hope.
and the power to overcome any bad situation.
in “Blaze of Glory." Mike Peters cries out.
“When the nails are biting into your hands and
the cross is heavy on your heart. now is the

'time to really make a stand." This man means
, it. and this band matters. I

 

 

 

A Cat Story

Okay, let’s see. first, a real snappy lead. a real attention getter--something that’s
gonna jump right off the page and grab the reader by the eyeballs.

My cat died the day i turned 12. l was sad.
i don't know. doesn't quite cut it. maybe a quote.

“Deb, Boots is dead." said Mom. "but don‘t let it wreck your 12th birthday."

so much for quote leads.

l sobbed when i heard the terrible news that my cat had died on my 12th birth-

day.

this sucks! keenan is aj‘erkl On my back to write when i'm a techie. Layout is my
forte. not writing! what do i know about writingPQet some real writers. johnlbut my

Iob's on the line. i'ue gotta try.

It was my 12th birthday. Boots was dead. l was crushed.
progress, but needs more feeling. description...

“Deb. Boots is dead." As Mom tearfully choked out the awful words. the hideous
'ealization crept over my entire being, seeped into the very depths of my soul. and
;eized my heart with its frosty flngers- squeezing, squeezing. until i thought i would
surely die. Never again could i cuddle Bools' creamy white fluffy softness. stare into
his carved crystal green eyes. or be gently awakened by a bat of his milk~chocolaie~
colored paw.lt was my 12th birthday and my Siamese kitten was dead!

ok. deb, now you've got it! they'll be eating out of your hand! picture perfect
description, hard-hitting personified emotion, dialogue, introduction of characters-
this is REAL! but wait a sec'- this paper is more Into weird shit — intergalactic, ex.
istential. metaphysical. offbeat stuff. i'm only a techie! so. I’ll fake it. no one will

know the difference anyway.

My cat slipped from a state of existential subsistence to enter the cosmos of the
afterlife. His metamorphosis from being into non-being disharmonlzed the concor-
dance of my emotional condition, even though i realized that his superior karma
would enable the successful transmigration of his soul into that of a more eminent

‘belng. (He was Siamese Buddhist.) Beam me up, Scotty. ljust turned 12 and my
El

cat’s dead.

by Deb Stekl

 

 

 

