 
  

  

to ASPECTS on TUESDAY V .

 

look at Bill Cosby’s schedule: Chicago.
New York. Philadelphia.:ban Fran-
ciso. Los Angeles. and Schenectady.

 
    

‘ . Joints ‘3&

 

View: And Visions

roctor’s.

Cosbyr Plays P

  
 
  

.,m---~¢ .,. mm: .

we» “He'd-way“

. no. coucwwmwnz. .u -u

 

 

 

 

z... ﬁ... .4  .. 7
co-L'!‘ <

. 3/

,. ., “WES-‘37?!" we. w,

 

Wow. Schenectady’s right up there with the
blggiesi Why? Bill Cosby doesn’t know

either.

Ian Spelling

But Bill Cosby wasn’t complaining at Proc-
tor's last Saturday. The man was obviously
eager and ready to go. Waltzing on stage
even before the lights had finished dimming.

The comedian stayed with two subtects for

_ almost the entire hour and twenty minutes:

marriage and children.

To have completely enjoyed Cosby's
humor. one would have to be a parent.
However. the youngsters in the audience
managed to have a good time. relating to his

joyously funny stories.

And stories that people can relate to are
the man‘s forte — there are very few one
liners. Cosby got started by asking those In
the front rows why they bothered to have.
children at all. One man replied. “To carry:
on the family." Cosby smiled and then snap-
ped. "What’s the matter. no brothers or
sisters? Something'wrong with them? Did
your family have a meeting and elect you to

be the forebearer of the future?"

He nextiumped into the subject of babies
and their unusual habits. “A kid fourteen
months old already knows how to lie-and
cheat." Cosby then touched on the frustra~
tion of dealing with children: “When you tell
the kid ‘Don't touch itl' they touch it; when
you tell the kid to ‘Put it downi’ they pick it
up." But worst of all. “These will be your
kids for the rest of your life — a sad com-

! ii

men .

God. what parents go through raising their
children. There was a big car accident and
six people were killed: two scientists. two
geniuses. and a couple with three kids. They

an and nature are under the
M management of God. but. "He died

tn the 19th century. and artists
weren't feeling too good either."

So we begin the Journey into 19th and
20th century art. in The View From the
Edge. the latest in the film series “Shock of
the New." produced and narrated by Robert
Hughes.

Rina Young

Vincent Van Gogh considered his work an
allegory of life and death. Each of his pain-
tings burst with the intensity of life around
him. and always central In his paintings was
the representation of the sun. which showed
the strong vision he had for the intensity of
light.

Van Gogh changed the way that colors
are put down. and opened up the move-
ment of modernism. The bold strokes of col-
or give us a new way of looking at and
understanding the environment.

Artists often express their emotions on
canvas. In effect writing an autobiography
that they can’t release in words. in doing
this. Edward Munch became the first painter
to explore the self as a battleground. His
paintings reflect the environment of his
childhood. an environment of disease and
insanity. White Van Gogh dealt with visions
of light. Munch's work seems to mirror feel-
ings of alienation. '

The thread of violence. alienation. and
dissatisfaction with reality was the constant to
tie all the artists together. For many. art
became a way of stealing substance from the
world.

By the time World War if was over. reality
had outstripped art. A few artists. such as
Thomas Bacon and William DeKooning.
could handle the fact that there was nothing
art could say on the human condition more
profound than what the Nazis had done.
Bacon's themes became the world as por-

trade by dismembered images.

The question posed was whether an could
carry the strain of social change. Man at-
tempted to transcend reality in hope: at fin-
ding mirituai knowledge. Paul Rica used

abstraction to sharpen our perception of
nature. His central theme was the Garden of
Paradise as a refuge from the real world. He
brought things too small to be noticed into
our range of perCrtptton. for when we see
reality at such a close range. it doesn't seem
harsh or cruel.

Mark Rothko and Jackson Pollack moved
into even greater abstraction. Rothko's
luminous blurs of color were symbolic of the
landscape in his mind’s eye. His paintings
had a “breathing Intensity. through which he
reached transcendence." Hughes states.
Pollack captures the vitality and unpredic-
tability of nature through his controlled drip
technique. This technique helped him to
become one of the first American artists to
influence world art.

it each case. the artists had different
roots. but all Incorporated the self and its In-
tercourse with reality. The different transla-
tions each of them bring to their art Show the
facets of a world which contained hope as
well as disillusionment. in trying to overcome
reality. their Intensity of involvement crossed
over into modes of expression which became
the contemporary artistic movements.

The later years of the twentieth century
were brought to us in the images of the
technologically expanding and explosive
world in which we live. The present holds
more distraction than the past. Ari. which
used to express nature. h
ed to deal with the overloaded culture in

which we live. Our present state of increas-
ing technology held the possibility of art go-
ing under amidst the confusion. This was the
theme for the next movie in the series entitl-
ed Culture as Nature.

Mass media became the instrument of
communication. The gap between this and
the art of the period was bridged with signs.
America as the home of fast food and the
quick message. The art of the 40's and 50's
reflected this with artists such as Stuart Davis
and Frank Stella. They were precursors of
the Pop-Art movement in the art that
reflected the culture.

Robert Rauchenberg’s antiformaiiit art

as been transform.

 

hinged upon the collection of refuse and
transported it Into collages that reflect a

  
 
   

had gotten to heaven but in order to pass '
through the pearly gates they had to write a
question which would stump God. After
several moments St. Peter came to the gate
and collected the papers. Two hours later he
returned.’opened the gate. and said that on-
ly the couple may enter. One of the scien-
tisr.. obviously quite upset. asked what ques~
tion the couple had asked. Saint Peter smil-
ed and replied. "The question was. ‘When
are my kids going to get their shit together?”
Other than this one non-secular Joke.
Cosby kept his humor in an earthly vein.
"Why do parents move to a smaller house
when their children move out? So the kids
can not come back." “God makes a tree and
calls Is Good (according to Genesis); man

A View From Th

makes a car and calls it awesomel"
returned to family stories.

After a while kids grow up. Perhaps they
want a puppy. This means responsibility.
“You must feed It. walk It. brush it. and give
it water every day. OK?" The kid happily
agrees to follow the set conditions. but five
g walked into Cosby's of-
“Can i talk to you for a few
moments? l have not eaten In five daysi"

Everyone in the audience laughed knowing-
iy

Cosby then picked on mothers. His
mother was an expert on pig sites. “This is
the worst pig sty l have ever seenl" After all is
“Just where Is Kingdom
ake me sickl' My mother number is 346-6204.

e Ede

e. one that replaces rather
asper Johns led on the

of American life — and l

. and not quite what it

first lace.

Th ’ i” f I P their fortn was a new way to react to on rtttt‘
c c ect o te evlston on art was to alter

 

 

eating the cultrue of the “drum 120:“ movie entitled. The Future The!

  

used to be sick eight hundred times a day N

As most comedians do. he closed the
show with his funniest anecdote of the night
His father used to yell at him so often hit
thought his name was Jesus Christ and his
brother. Russell. was sure his name was
Damn it! One lazy clay young Bill was playing
out in the yard when Papa Cosby bellowed
out the window. “Damn it. get in here!" But
sheeptshly turned around and shouted back
“i thought my name was Jesus Christ!” '

All of the parents in the

attendance re-
mained under his spell throughout ti

relerrgtlr
of the Show. Unfortunately. tttrytrtte uner
the age of twenty, or couples wrtlrout
children probably wished that he had varied
his material somewhat. rather than staying
on one topic.
Cosby. with a large cigar in his mouth,
comes across as quite the father figure He is
not out to put anyone down. to preach

(although many would argue that
statement). or to be the Phil Donahue oithe
marriage and child field. By using hts tel
ed. off-handed manner and constant irn»
provisation. Cosby captivates his audience.
He makes people think and reflect After
completing a story. some Would continue
laughing because he had struck the right
note. Many would turn towards Bot) and say
“Remember when little Joey did just that?"
Cosby expresses emotions that most
parents must feel: and that is Wllrll carried
him the appreciative ovation he recieved at
the end of the evening from the admired
crowd of three thousand two hundred

dit-

 

 

He then

 

For those who are interested itr wrung
shows at Proctor's. hall-price litlil'l\ are
available for students an hour hufurv \lItIW
time. it Is recommended than you «.til the
theater to be sure that seats are rl\ttlltil1lL’
before driving out to Schenectady 'iirt'

 

 

 

world" of Hollywood. We are bitskltl‘J t“ "
sea of gods and godesses of the movie world
image These are tltings that -
‘ and each of s ' r tatowht lth‘
were seen so often that they became symbols u Cdmes a pars "

would like to identify.
The result of the overload of ittfnrmrrttolr
y many artists was to take the objects “'"l
deprive them of their function To t‘lt-Iltsii'

it their familiarity.
art was always
seem-

where we deal with electric information The
" it t u a" Of the 60‘s was “instant art." Pop-Art
u lav wed epitomized the difference between scarrnrnu

W the canvas the rt Hlamllton and looking. Art must react to the culture in
The One mm wzqizgnggc which it is Immersed and the media had

‘ r s )
He that reminds us of a sign won' Aptly closing this segment of the suits

v was a panoramic view of 42nd Street.
extracted the idea of re eti-
cumulwon of ﬁlm hompthe The last movie in this series will be show”

on Sunday in the New York State Museum
and is about modernism and the future of art

LJ

ix»...
no.5...“

FEBRUARY 28. 1984
\

 

 

FEBRUARY 28. 1984

The 8016 Music Alternative

9 need change. and we

need it fast. before rock's

just part of the past. 'cause

lately it all sounds the same to me. "
-Joey Ramone

 

Dianne Pine

it seems like 10 years since i
heard The Ramoncs sing “Do You
Remember Rock and Roll Radio."
Back then I laughed. l was a senior
in high "school and progressive
radio seemed to be going strong.
Because of progressive radio.
WNEW-FM — and \Im Scelsa in
particular — The Ramones. Elvis
Costello. Graham Parker. and the
Pretenders simva gained fans. The
new. aggressive Rock-n-Roll was
everywhere. and t ionng to be a
Disc Jockey and to turn my friends
and their friends into fans of New

Music. I didn't realize how alone i .

was. or rather how unprogressive
radio really was in other parts of
the U 5.. and even in other parts
of New York.

Small stations all over New York
tried to spread the new music
word. Bands like Squeeze. the
English Beat. and the Clash had

   

 
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
   

 

 
 

 

JPerspectives '

 

moderate hits (this is years before
MTV). But these few fringe hits
weren't enough to create the new
music fans necessary to keep pro-

ln Albany. there was a pro-
gressive new music station that us-
be known as Qlii4. Since

 

        

 

 

'l l‘oge‘lhe
iT'S A PLANE!

 

W DB has always bee [tiling t I5 gap.
Now it‘s just more obvious. "

'WCDB Production Manager John Verdun

January 15. 1984.1he new QBK-
FM has just about eliminated new.
unproven bands from their
playlists. The "new" concentration
is on older tnusic. 00's music.
which will be aimed at an older
crowd. 25-110.

The reasons which led to this
format change are many. Low
ratings contributed. and there is the
fact that the younger audience
basically wasn't interested in what
(.2104 was playing. lap 40 or
heavy metal captured the 24 and
younger crowd. and since com
mercial radio needed listeners.

QBK changed.

 

If you call up 104...

they will say that for

‘new music, listen to
college radio.

This "Big Chill" format is leaving
many listeners rtrllrer cold. What
are fans of new progressive liiust'C
supposed to do? If you call up lil4
they will tell you to listen to college
radio. No kiddirrg —~ try 'lont lrwrn
or JoCarenzn or any of the other

    

he

 

 

 
  

 

 

D.J.s at the new QBK-FM and
they will say that for new mustc.

Back in 1978. WCDB 91FM.
the SUNYA radio station. signed
on the air to be a rock alternative.
No one ever dreamed that some
day they would be the only alter~

What exactly is college radio'.J
Well at WCDB. College radio is
freedom. it is one place on the dial
where you can hear everything
from punk to jazz. ‘JilrM doesnt
believe in blocked programming.
although you can hear third world

 

 

 

  
 
  

 

' ASPECTS on TUESDAY 1‘.

music daily from 5-8 PM. and Jazz

ton Saturday and Sunday mornings

from 8 AM. to noon .The other 21
hours a clay. 7 days a week. are
devoted to rock-n-roli. And not the
same old boring stuff. WCDB

*prides itself on breaking new

bands. U2 found its ﬁrst Albany
home at 91FM as well as the Stray
Cats. R.E.M.. the Bongos. X. Lets
Active. the Fleshtones and the

lViolent Femmes.

Being a non-commercial station.
WCDB doesn‘t have to wait for an
artist to be proven safe - they play
them as they come in.

“~WCDB is also quite professional.
DJs are trained for at least a
semester before they go anywhere
near a mike on air. A common
complaint about college radio is
that it is weird. However. Springs-
teen. the Stones. Motown and the
Clash. as well as Reﬂex. ABC. the
Culture Club and all the others
mentioned in this article. are
played on WCDB with regularity.
And you can get requests played at
any time of the day.

if you want exposure to new
music. the first crack at imports.
and a wide variety of "roots". rock-
rr-mll. try twisting the dial to 91FM.
WCDB - Capital District's Best.
Let's not regulate Rock-n-Roll to
the past.

Dianne f’ine is a disc Jockey at
botlr WQBK-FM and
WCDB-FM. .1

Ti

 

 

Thoughts run rapid

 

desires. fears. and time closing in

creeping slowly —— catching the moment

lost in a world where no direction
exists. endless winds. spinning circles
from the straight line ftry to walk
eyes closed heart open

feeling the pain but not knowing from

Running backwards
reliving but not releasing
eyelids flutter and falter

into a makeshift sleep,

    
    

 
 
  
  

   

   
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
   

 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 

   
 
 
 
  

   
 

  
  
    

 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 

  
 
 
 

-Jodr‘ Jacobs

  
 
  
 
 
  
    
  
  
  
   
   

  
 

 
 
    
  
  

  

 
 

  
 
 
 
 

 

