 

 

I

-~--—-—~UMW~~- -«

t“ urns. 5 Huge rs? i313.“ ‘ '.

 STUDENT mess it TUESDAY, APRIL I0, I984

m... n. rum}. uprritrn;

 

_ Makeagood .
before you say goodbye.

 

MW‘

 

 

 

 

A Steve Hayes Production
SPRING BREAK
PARTY
at the

Q:
cow}

 

Salty Dog of Huntington

News Updates    

Nadir loses lundlng'

Nadir. a campus literary journal has been
denied Strident Association funding for next
year. said SA Controller Adam Barsky.
Another literary journal. Albany Review.
will be funded next year. he said.

There were tnay reasons for the decision
ttot to l‘undNudir, according to Barsky.
Nadir was mismanaged and was “not cost-
conscious." lte said. It had "gone in the red
for tltree years" in a row. he added.

SA pollcles approved

Certtral Council approved two Student
Association policies during its meeting last
Wednesday. Council also failed to override

TUESDA Y, APRIL 10. I984 {J ALBANY STUDENT

 

constitution states “that the Chairperson
may only vote in case ofa tie vote," but fur-
ther on states “All offices shall be elected by
and from the voting members." .

The conflict involved the sections that
state: "The outgoing Chairperson shall
preside over the election of new officers. If
the Chairperson is not leaving. a neutrui par-
ty from the Executive Committee shall
preside over the elections," and the
Chairperson “shall preside over all
elections.“

TmmraS. who was running for Vice-Chair.
voted in tltc first elections before selecting a
netttral party to preside. Michael Levine. a
Supreme Cottrt Justice, was selected to be the
neutral party for the second elections.

Don’t Walk Alone

A corrrrnittce of the Women's Safety Task

     
 

( SA President Rich Selrat‘t‘er's veto of the In-
terview Policy. Force is formulating a budget proposal for {'45
The Election and the Contact Office the Don't Walk Alone program, said Student ‘3'
Policies were passed unanitnously. The Association President Rich Schaffer. '
. ‘ . T” ‘ l'orrttcr contains regulations for SA elections. . The cottttnittce is reviewing a report on the ‘_ 
w E D    The latter deals wrth the duties oi Contact print progratn which operated last semester. 3" j
o ‘ Ol‘l'icc workers. he said. When it draws up the program's pro-  {
Despite Selral't‘er‘s stated desire that Coun- posed budget. it will submit reeomrnenda- I}
cil override his veto. Council failed to gain tions to President Vincent ()‘l.eary for his 
. . . the majority needed to override. The vote :tpprmal, he conlintred.
Llue mUSlC wlth was 9-9-4. According to Schal'l‘cr. O'Leary will ap-
I He said he velocd the interview policy at an prove the policy. Schal‘l'er predicts the pro-
 carlict‘ Council Session because the policy grant will he in effect by next fall. , -
would trot pcrnril retroactive pay increases g
for members of SA's executive branch.    

 

Free admission with

AL  Y College lD

TWO for ONE ° 0‘9

All. NIGHT

110 New York Avenue
Huntington, Ll, NY 11743
(516) 4272660

Council. however, apptmcd pay increases
last Wednesday.

’Speaker’s Forum vole

Ricky l"c|druan was chosen (‘Itair‘pcrson
and l’ttutty 'l'tnlnros was chosen \’icc~('hnir in
tlte Spettltcts l-‘otutn second elections which
were held Monday night. the first elections
were declared imnlitl by Student Associa-
lltlll's (SA) Sttpr'crue ('ourt Sunday night.

The case, which was luougltt itr l'ront ol'
the court by SA’s Programming Director
Richard (ioltrhotv. involtcd two conflicts

 

over wording in the group‘s constitution. The

 

 

 

  

 

 All those
° interested in running for a seat
on the ASP Corporation Board
should submit a letter of self -

nomination to Campus Center

Student Association Vice President Jct't'
Schneider said Monday that voting had gone
“very well so far” irt SA elections. The elec-
tions corttitttrc until Tuesday evening. He
noted that thcte was a very high turnout at
Ihc (‘arupus ('cntcr.

Schneider said lte fell the high turnout was
due Io llte controversies tncr “petty politics"
itt SA this year.

Also. he cited SA President Rich
Schal‘l'cr's hid I'or r'e-clcclion as a factor.
He‘s “made a lot of connections" arid “has
the power to manipulate," Schneider clttim‘
ed. "

    

Off/AZ

 

 

Corporation

 

 

 

 

 

Albany Student Press

  t
  

 »  Room 332

 : Buying your leased phone now saves you time and money next term.  on Jud
y ‘ _ This year, don’t leave .for home any of our AT&T owned and operated e V
 wrthout your phone. Buy it before sum- Phone Centers. It’s that easy. So call us

‘  mer and save yourself some time and before you say goodbye. Then unplug “a”:   1 

a, money. Buying your AT&T leased your phone and take it with you. And .___——"—=

., : phone now means you’ll have your have a nice summer. =—

 phone with you the very ﬁrst day back 2

’ 1  to class.  “"‘_::"':"

i‘  I To buy the phone you’re leasing, 1_ _ . _ r \

‘ Just call, AT&T Consumer Sales-8i mugsgmgc  

.3 Servrces toll-free number. Or VISIt " “y' —_—-_—_#_; .... -_ ~

     

t Inst \‘l'.\‘-'I‘lrtrnnnrrtiunSystems

:3  Albany All members of the University as well as the local

"I  Colonie
:. :' 38 S. Pearl Street Wolf Road Sheppem, Park

"  ’ community are invited to run for Corporation Board

 

 

