 

   

 

 

By. Mark Levine
SPORTSEDITOR -

Seventeen days ago the Albany State men’s
basketball team returned home from ithaca
College in fine spirits; And why not? They
had just won their second road game in a
row. coming from l0 points down at halftime
to, defeat the Bombers for their l0th win of
the season against five losses. More impor-
tantly, they were sitting near the top of the
SUNYAC East Division with an unblemished
30 conference mark,‘ only one-half game
behind the Potsdam Bears. The possibility of
not qualifying for the SUNYAC playoffs
Feb. 24 had to be the farthest thing from
their minds.

Since then, however. very little has gone
right for the Danes. They have dropped their
last four games, including three straight in
the conference. and the possibility of staying
home for the SUNYACs is now staring tltcm
right in the face.

Albany’s most recent setback eatite Satur-
day evening at University Ciym. where in
front of the largest crowd of tire year the
Binghamton Colonials stuck the Danes with
a 65-55 defeat. I

Albany Head Coach Dick Sattcrs. wlto was
honore’d before the 'game for ltis 2‘) years of
service to the school and the community (see
page J). eornritcrited on his team‘s recettt
\“UCS.

"The guys are trying as hard as they cart:
maybe they‘re trying too hard." said the
NL‘AA‘s lSIlr \t‘iittringest coach of all time.
“They‘ve got to relax. They were a good
learn early itt tlte season and they're still a

grind learn. lint if they don‘t relax. they‘re

not.“

it titigltt be difficult for Albany to relax
knowing that they are presently iii the tren-
ches of a three-team dogfight for the second
place slut and a bertii iii the SUNYACs. The
trip too teartis from tlte [East and West Divi—
siotts qualify for the playoffs.

Potsdam is currently sitting atop the East
Division with a (i-l ni‘zlrk. having recently lost
their first conference game of the year to the
Ottconta Red Dragons last Wednesday. With
the Dragons being the only other team in the
'East with fewer than three losses. the Bears
can clinch a SUNYAC bidwith two wins in
their final three conference games. Potsdam

' will be in University Gym to face Albany Fri-

day evening.
Oneonta. whom the Danes knocked oft‘
63-54 Dec. 7 in Albany. is presently all alone

in second place with a 5-2 mark. if the
Dragons win .their remaining three eon-
ferenee games. including a Feb. l5 matchup
with Albany, they will grab a SUNYAC bid.
The Dragons and the Bears are the only two
teams who can control their own destiny.
Albany. as a result of their recent slide. has

, fallen into a tie for third place with Bingham- ’

ton at 3-3. if the Danes are to qualify for the
playoffs they almost certainly have to win all
four of their remaining conference games.
They cottld conceivably lose one of these
games. but they would need a significant
amount of orrtside help. Clearly. the Danes
are facing a’must-win situation for the re-
mainder of their conference schedule. if the
Danes win their remaining conference games
the worst they could do is end tip in a tie for
one SUNYAC spot and, lit all likelihood,
compete itt a playoff game to decide one
playoff berth.

Saturday night the Duties ran into a much-
improved Colonial squad tltat. among other
close losses this year. had been a one-point
loser to Potsdam at home on a very cott-
trover'sial call.

iiirtghamton took cotitrol of the game ear—
ly arid led liy as trinity as nine points before a
fotrl sltot by Albany's Doug Kilmer brought
the Danes within four. 24-20 with four
minutes to play iii the first half. The Col-
onials then otrtscorcd Albany 9—2 to grab a
33-22 lead at intcrrttissiori.

'i‘he Danes never got closer than it) poitits
iii the final 20 tttititttcs as liltighamtou open—
ed rtp a lead as large as l7 points. Guards
Greg l’ollard and Greg Flemming led the Col-
onials with 13 points apiece. while eettter
Derek l‘ttnkcy and forward Derek Harrison
chipped in with l2. included in Harrison’s 12
points was an eye-popping jam off art alley-
oop pass late iii the gattte. Dartny Croutier
led Albany with [2 points.

“Our shooting pereerttage ltad to be awful
(34 percent).” Sauers said after the game.
“We're takittg the satite shots we've been
taking all year. bttt we weren‘t making them
tonight."

HOOP-LA: Jan Zadoorhtn made his first
start of the year at guard in place of Dave
Adatn...(.‘routier (Il.2 ppg. 7.6 itng has ae-
eounted for 38 percent of Albany‘s

Loss to: Colonial-s slims, Danes rprayo'rr chances

.
is

   

 

 

 

offense...Blnghntiitott loss was Albany's se-
cond straight at Uttiversily Gym (first ever to
Colonials). equalling the ttutttber of games
they had lost at ltunte iii the last two years. [I]

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Albany's Adam Ursprung battles tor a rebound with Btnghamton's Derek Pankoy.
The Danes dropped .tholr fourth straight game, 65-55 to fall 10-9 on the year.

Women swimmers nip Cortland, still unbeaten
Extend winning‘streak to 12

  

A. fare. ﬂag?

 

 
 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Freshman Mary Anne Schmidt took third In the 50.meter breaststroke which Albany

swept to beat Cortland Saturday. 57-56.

By Michael Skolnick
STAFF tl’ltl‘rE/t

Pressure. A word every athlete has to deal
with. Last Saturday the women‘s swimming
team responded in the cltrtcli to take a 57456
victory over SUNYAC rival Cortland. The

victory stretched the team’s unblemished.

record to a sparkling l2-0.

This meet was the first time this year the
team has been really tested in what otherwise
has been a season of big-margin victories.
Once again. the blend of talented freshmen
and experienced veterans made the dif-
ferenee.

Carole Celie had a banner afternoon as she
won the ZOO-yard individual medley irt a per-
sonal best time of 2:59.29. Site also cttrttc iti
second in the l00-yttrd freestyle in another
personal best time of 58:32. To cap off- her
outstanding day site also anchored the winn-
ing relay team. '

Jane Klotz. the Dane diver who has
already qualiﬁed for the NCAA clinmpiOn-
ships had yet another superb afternoon. Site
won built the l-rneter and 3~melcr diving

events. The .win in the 3-tneter event was
crucial to the win because it gave the team a
slirtt one point lead. 49-48.

The final and deciding event of the meet
was the 50-yard breaststroke. The team need-
ed a a first place finish to tie and needed botlt
first and second to witt it. They were not to
be disappointed. The Albany swimmers went
off from the boards determined to make it
happen with the rest of the team cheering
them on at top voltittte. The effort showed itt
their titnes as Kris Monsfan won in a school
record time of» l:15.69 and Linda (.‘erky
finished second in a season-best time of
l:l5.93. For added insurance freshtnatt Mary
Anne Schmidt finished third also iii a season-
best time of i:l7.43. The crowd went wild
and the Danes won the meet 57-56 for their
twelfth straight win. The women's swim teatti
is presctttiy the winningest teatii at SUNYA.

The meet against vermont next Wednes-
day promises to be thoroughcst meet of the
season. it also appears to be the final hurdle
to completing an undefeated season. l'l

   
      
       
       
     
     
      
 

           
 

 

 

 

   
       
 

 

 

' Holnbow Coalition member Michael Stevens

_ .rWe tire (‘llrrylng our future in this cantpalg'rt..fj.vku_. ‘ I 
" > . LISA sria'iit‘irts‘tibs

 

 

 

.el.g. ' .

g r. t

 

     
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 

Jackson supporters rally; ‘spealrers
outline major issUes of ’84 election

B Jane Anderson
EDITORIAL assrsrer . ’
Faith, hope. and the church were rep'eatedly empihaitzecti 2713 :ey’Szltgtors for Jesse Jackson 5
' ednesda ni ht t at attrac e a on e . . .
Gaggiizrgifoﬂioiips such ays th: Rainbow Coalition and the Vietnam'Veterans Association
spoke at the rally. County Legislator Sandra Rose Temple (D-3rd District) and Albany State
University Black Alliance (ASUBA) President Eddie Edwards were among those who we 
Rainbow Coalition member Dwayne Sampson obscrtved that“:helJaclll<s'(i)n' rally got a lttt e
le than Rea n the January 30,‘ Reagan or prest en ra y .
mtgibiify’gtuhent Assocgigtidn Minority Affairs Coordinator Vivian Vazquez'also spo‘k‘; at 
rally, although she stressed that she was not there as Mtnp'rrty Affatr‘s‘ Coordinator. k e (Vi
officers) are not allowed to support 1pollitical§andtdatm she said. i in here to spea as -
t e Puerto Rican." s e c arme . .
V‘aSntu‘tlitit‘ilﬁzsoriiation of the State University (SASU) Elitecultive  Prestdent Lars lsaacson.
' ez was le all allowed to support a po itica can I a c. . .
salgsthigthzye‘irgry right ass air individual to support Jesse Jackson." satd'lsaacson. “As ll'l-
dividtials. people can support political candidates; they do it all the time, he explained.
Two members of Revislottist Zionist Alternative stood Outside the rally while people were
arriving and distributed leaﬂets describing comments Jackson was quoted as saying when he
traveled to lsrael and Lebanon in 1979. .
Since "Jesse Jackson is running for prest
representative Steve Hilsenrath. “Everything should be exposed'
heisliigenrath stressed that he and his companion were “in no way protesting" at the rally.
“All we are doing is raising certain issues.” he maintained. _ . I
Jesse Jackson has “failed to rectify or fully explain his position of supporting the PLO
(Palestine Liberation Organization)." asserted Hilsenratlt.'“He wants tltc US. to recognize
" 5 id. I
ths‘iladsg'hrlfso‘ii is trying to communicate with all nations." said Sampson. The PLO ts sear-
ching for a homeland. said Sampson. and should not be isolated.
“We are not endorsing. nor are we against" Jackson. contended Hisenrath. llZA. was only
“raising concerns about the man" by distributing leaﬂets outside the rally. satd'iltlsetttatli.
Sampson said before the rally that he believes Jacksonhus “excellent chances of Winning
in the trpcorning primaries. He said that “as the campaign progresses, we‘gather niore‘sup-I
port." Sampson added that support in Albany for Jackson was "adequate. and that some
- - r - not ver su ortlve." .
mgiiiiufsdn said dti’ringrhe rally that he believes Jackson will win in the primaries because “he
has the people behind him." He explained that now tlterc is “a new wave of voters who sup-
port Jaekson. “Frustrated voters have hope." added Sampson.
Sampson said that Jackson went to'Syriafto agleittltctgltrocjschze
' ’ “ ' tcntions no or p . . .
m‘illt‘tcskiﬂft‘iie'fxnniii‘gngn lri‘people's'platform." according to Sampson. “He's running to set

democracy straight." proclaimed Sampson. ‘18.

dent he is a public figure," explained RZA
‘ for the benefit or the voters.

US Navy Lt. Robert Good-

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
    
 

 

 

HESS

   
      
  
     
     
    
 

Moscow

(AP) President Yuri V_. Andropov is dead.
the Soviet Union announced today. He was
69 and had been leader of the Communist
Party for is months. ailing and out of public
view for almost half of his leadership

The announcement of his death ended six
months of reports that lie was seriously ill
with kidney and heart problems arid suffering
front diabetes. He had not been seen in
pttblic since Arig. i8. when he met with nine
U.S. Detnocratic scitators.

The dcatlt was anttounced at 2:20 pm. by
the official Soviet news agency Tass. on its
English-language tvire. Tass said lte died
Tlittrsday. Andropov took leadership of the
natiott of 280 million people after the deatlt
of President Leonid l. lire/liner on Nov. it).
1982. iii his brief term. lie presided over a tia-
tiott locked iii an escalating arms race with

By Dave Cataltamo

SUNYA officials are currently considering
a multi-million dollar phone systcttt that is
similar to a system recently purchased by
SUNY Bing‘hnmton»

Bin‘ghamtonﬁollretnls say their system has

 

, 'Blnghamron ad-
' t‘itra l v" v
SUNY-Bingha’mton; in ‘ a
escape the drastic rate increases that were ex-
pected-to take effect with the break tip of
AT&T, purchased their own "switch" from
the Continental Telephone Company forvan
estimated $8.4 million. to he paid over the
next ten years. The “switch” is a piece of
computer hardware which operates a phone
system.

Thus far. at SUNYA. the telephone system
is still in the planning stage. According to
Leif Hartmark. Cltair of the Tceltnoiogy
Coordination Committee. Continental
Telephone. the lowest of ti hiddcrs. has been
selected to install a new pltonc system here.
Presently. according to Hartmark. there
are two options being studied. botlt of which
include integrated voice and data capabilities.
The integrated voice and data capabilities will
allow conventional voice transmissions as
well as computer traffic to travel over tlte
telephone lines. The ntain differences bet-
ween the options is the extent of service and
the price tag.

According to Harttnark. “Option one"
would be designed for faculty and ad-.
ministration only. carrying a price tag of ap-
proxitnately $7.3 million. “Option two“
however. would include the four uptown dor—
ntitories at a cost estimated over $16 million.
Harttnark said.

in response to the erratic service and other
problems related to the Binghamton Caritptrs
Tclcpltone Service. the Student Association
of Binghamton formed the “Presidential
Committee on University Telecornmunca-
lions." .

Among the problems noted by Coninttttee
Chair Marjorie Lefflcr were that long
distance rates were nut tirade available to the
students. and that the rates for local calls are
inordinately hlgli'. According to Lefflcr. the
Dinghamton system clittrgcs eigltt cents for
the first five minutes and two cents for each
additional minute. Lefflcr also noted that the
tnontltly service charge for tire Campus
Telephone service is $2I per rnotttlt instead of
$l7.33 per mortth charged by New York
Telephone.

 

from the Binghamton system. according to

 

Lefflcr. is a feature called “Answer Supervi-

" February 10. 1984"

1tientpt~' to _ v  V 7 ‘ up, :-
hours ofG amt. to. it p.m. Monday thru Fri-
day. This creates difﬁculties for weekend and *

Perhaps the most important feature tnissirtg .

lNUMBER 5

AndrOpovdi‘es

Long term illness claims Soviet leader at 69

the United States and with
economy.

He started a campaign to crack down vin
corruption and enhance labor discipline and
had placed his protegcs in many key positions
of the Soviet hierarchy.

“The Central Committee of tire Com-
munist Party of the Soviet Union. the
Presidium of the U.S.S.R. aitd the U.S.S.R.
Council of Ministers with deep sorrow in-
form the party and the entire Soviet people
that Yuri Vladimlrovich Andropov. general
secretary of the CPSU Central Contrtiittee.
president of the Presidium of the U.S.S.R.

Supreme Soviet. died after a long illness at 16
ltotrrs 50 minutes on Feb. 9. l984." the an-
nouncement said.

“The name of Ytrri Vladitnirovieli Att-
dropov. an outstanding leader of the Com~

16>

troubled

SUNY-B reports problems
with new campus phones

sion" which is offered by N.Y. Telephone.
Under “answer supervision." customers are
charged only for those calls completed.
Under the present system in Dinghumton. if a
phone rings unanswered, or remains busy for
more Ithgn 59 seconds. the caller isﬂcbmged

Lefﬂcr
t‘ t

late night callers in need of Operator
assistance. especially those who may be‘i'n an
emergency situation.

In addition, Lefﬂcr noted. it is not possible
to charge a call to your campus, phone and
the system does not possess the capability to
“break in" to a call in the event of an
:mcrgcncy. The list of complaints continues,
raid Lefﬂcr, including several unexplained
disruptions of service. crossed lines and
static.

According to Lefﬂcr. telephones in public
areas. such as the student union and library,
although initially provided by the Bingham-
ton Campus Telephone Service. will be, in
the future. the responsibility of the specific
adtninistrative area.

Lefflcr pointed out that there have been
various periods of time during which prrblic
areas were without telephones. speciﬁcally
the library which remains open tintil 2 am.
This. she said. creates a problem for students
returning from the library. who would be
forced to use a pay phone in order to contact
the campus escort service.

There ltave also been several administrative
miscalculntions which will cost the students
money. Pipedream. the Binghamton campus
newspaper. reported that Biiiglrarnton
Associate Vice-President for Finance arid
Management. Dean Nye did not solicit com-
petitive contracts for long distance telephone
service to the campus. This however was not
itt violation of any state finance law.

Lefflcr noted that an overestimate irt platt-
ttittg the ttutnbcr of subscribers to the new
system ltas resulted in the purchase of an ad-
ditional 400 non-essential pliotres. The
system had to absorb this in addition to an
estimated $45,000 loss as a result of billing
software that was not processing all of the
necessary data for the charging of lonil
distance calls. according to Lefflcr. V .

Pipedreum reported that. as a result of the
error. Nye expects telephone rates to increase
iii the next academic year, Nye readily admit-
ted “We're winging it at this point."

When attestioned on the possibility of

16>

 

   
      

‘t
g,
P
i’
L

 

'i

 

 

__,4-r—v- -’

     
    

e A, ..

 
     
    
     
      

 
  
  

 
 
 

 

