 

 

  
   

* , This ancient text. discovered among the
bric-a-brac In a Bombay pawn shop. could

prove a remarkable find. As of yet undated. it
Is believed however that the document may
have Its origin In the oral traditions of Indian
prehistory. Initial reaction among scholars
seems to concur In that the document
predates the epic period of Budda and
Maha'vira, and the official beginnings of
Jainism.

“The Parable Of The Lost Soul." as the tale
has been dubbed. Is an allegorical account of
the Jalna view of Karmic bondage and libera-
tion In human existence. The concluding sec-
tion Is an account of the soul's enlightenment

.as to the nature of suffering and the path to
liberation.

The following is an exceedingly brief discus-
sion on the symbolic references of the parable.
and Its philosophical and ethical Implications
as a contribution to Jainism.

The symbolic setting of the tale Is interesting
In that it hints at one of the most fundamental
and unique doctrines In Jaina thought. The
“lost soul" journeys through a wilderness
which is an outward projection of his soul. and
the path he travels upon Is the way to libera-
tion (the metaphorical "path" to moksa) In-
herent In human existence. With each sin he
commits. the terrain becomes more and more
difficult to traverse. the "path" becomes more
difficult to follow. and the light which guides
him becomes darker and darker. This process
Illustrates the Jaina notion of karma as
material substance. causing actual physical af-
fects upon the soul. Evil deeds cause the ac-
cumulation of dark karmic matter upon the
soul. obscuring the knowledge and life
energies which are Its essence, and making
travel along the path to liberation impossible.
The discussion Is arranged by section.

1- The first sentence Illustrates that. although
‘ human existence is treasured (as a unique op-
purtunity to achieve moksa). it Is far from
gratuitous. Before commiting any sins, the
soul already encounters difficulty traveling
along the path. Not dissimilar to the Christian
doctrine of original sin Is the Jaina belief that
the human being is by nature bound and tor-
tured by the forces of karmic matter. which
must be overcome in order to see the path to
Its end.

One of the first actions we take. which
removes us further from jiva. is structuring our
environment and our existence, creating
distinctions which delude us and obscure the
unity of being inherent within us and the
world.

a

 

2- Obvious reference here-ls to the Jalna doc-
trine of ahimsa. the primary ethic in the quest
for moksa. Breathing without a cloth to cover
the mouth. treading carelessly on the earth.
and violent motions through the air cause
harm to air and earth bodies. It Is interesting to
note that even In a document of such antiqui-
ty. the fanatic Jaina view of non-hurting Is
firmly established.

The traveler's soul becomes clouded by the
dark karman which are attracted by his sins.
But in committing these acts and shaping his
self. he creates his own values. and begins the
trend of Ignorance and delusion which lead
him into a life of sin.

3- No surprises here. Violating ahimsa upon a
higher order of life in order to satisfy delusion-
produced desires. The result: more dark kar-
man. and greater difficulty In traveling along
the path. '
4- Another. more flagrant violation of ahimsa.
Also, the notion of lust and sexual fulfillment
as another evll. Within the context of this little
vignette. two of the most detrimental products
of sin and delusion. wrath and pride. are
brought-Into play. These two emotions. along
with greed and deceit. are responsible for fur-
ther sinful actions and the Influx of dark kar-
man. which obscure the inherent knowledge
and power of jiva most effectively.

5- In the last of these storybook encounters.
the aforementioned greed and deceit are in-
troduced. After his latest conquest and ac-
quisition. the darkness increases, but so does
the traveler's faith In his illusory powers. So
firmly is he entrenched in his Ignorance. that
he chooses to travel by the light of his actions.
rather than the light his jtva gives off. now
smothered In a heap of dark karman. . ,

7- Here we arrive at an Interesting point of
departure. According to Jaina beliefs. the
original acquisition of karma leads inexorably
to acts which themselves attract more karma.
In this section however. the dark karman. In-
stead of feeding his delusions. weaken and
overwhelm it. One explanation ls possible.
Going back to the previous section ('6). we
find the traveler becoming disillusioned with
his “entourage.” Perhaps It is this disillusion-
ment which allows for the weakness in his
delusion. the total overwhelming of his per-
sonal light by the darkness. and his successive
Introversion. revelation. and enlightnement.
Perhaps enough of his inherent goodness was
able to get through In order to salvage his ex-
istence and force him back on the "path."

8- Pretty strattforward stuff. The age-old no-
tion of “no pain. no gain." Exactly how these,

Dr. 1,351.... 
Explains

sections (6-8) ftt Into Jalna religion and
philosophy wIll be a topic of discussion for
some time to come.

9-14- The beginning of the traveler's
enlightenment. The material ls fairly straltfor-
ward once again. and It requires no additional
explanation. The more he comes In tune with
the right knowledge and virtuous conduct
which is true to his nature. the more his sur-
roundings are improved and his travels
facilitated. One Interesting note. The last line
of section 11 refers to “the wisdom of the
sages." Is our traveler referring to some
unknown ancient documents? Were there
ever any records on the first 22 ttrthankaras?
This passing mention by our traveler could

' prove to be the most thought-provoking item

In "The Parable Of The Lost Soul."

15- Through his persevertng right faith. right
knowledge. and right conduct (the three
"jewels" of Jainism). our traveler cleanses the
dark karman off his soul. Through attentive
concentration. he Is able to attain samyak dar-
sana. the momentary. unobscured vision Into
the depths of jiva. in keeping with the
metaphor. as he transcends the structures of
his self. breaking through to unity con-
sciousness. he transcends the structures of the
sensible world. breaking through to that level
where “Infinite grandeur" and "Infinite subtle-
ty" are united in his vision. and in reality.

The second part of the tale Is the traveler's ac-
count of his samyak darsana.
1- As the traveler enters Into unfettered JIva,
his first insights are naturally those concerning
the changes occuring within himself. Humani-
ty is but another form of karmic bondage. In-
deed his own self. his personna. is nothing but
a karmic mask. blocking the face of his univer-
sal consciousness. upon entering ija. he
discovers the boundless power and knowledge
which he is now at one with. Following In
logical succession, he next comes to realize
that since all being participates In this sublime
consciousness. all beings are nothing more
than Jtva bound by various quantities and
qualities of karmic matter. striving for libera-
tion but dragged back again and again into the
whirlwind of samsara. From this revelation
follows recognition of the primal sin. causing
harm to other jtva-beings. and the primal vIr-
tue. nonhurtlng (ahimsa).

The last two lines of this section are worth a
closer look. Although reiertng to the sin of
hurting other beings. this aphorism anticipates

 

 

iANUAI'tY 27. 1954

  

the entire physics of action and karma which
dominates Jaina thought (the topic is con-
sidered in sec. 3).

2- After a brief overview of Jaina Reality (the
"why.'I so to speak). our traveler turns to the
dominating issue of Jaina Reality, the condi-

tions of human existence. suffering and libera-

tion (the “how—to"). The last verse presents
almost all of Jalna ethics In a nutshell. The
four evil states of mind produce slnful Inten-
tions and actions. which open the channels for
the Influx of dark karman, and lead to an ever-
increaslng cycle of birth. death. and suffering.
Virtuous and careful conduct attract only the
lighter karman. which are weak enough so
that. through ascetic practices. and eventual
renunciation of all attatchments. the live can
break through and glow In eternal. unfettered
brilliance.

3- Narrowing down once again from the
previous verse. and using It as a point of
departure (the “how-to" of the "how~to"). this
section concentrates on the key to the entire
Jaina philosophy: action. The first verse Is a
superb presentation of the machinations of ac«
tion. and their manifestations within the realm
of human existence. The traveler logically
focuses next upon the “behind-the-secens
story" of the first verse. and describes the
reciprocal relations between action and karma
which singularly dominate the Jalna quest for
moksa. This polemic ends with the unwaver-
Ing assertion that. ultimately. only he who Is
not “attatched” and owns no "property."
physically. psychologically. and ontologically.
will be delivered to the harmonious ground of
knowledge. po'wer. and Being itself that Is
moksa.

4- Our traveler's samyak darsana Is coming to
a close. The "hero." he who has comprehend-
ed the truths of human existence (according to
the author). and lived his life accordingly. Is
ready to make the final crossing. All that re
mains Is “perfect renunciation." the shedding
of the last remnants of the self as actor. and as
the origin of action. When the hero has

' transcended the self In all respects (which in-

cludes the self as a living being). and rid
himself of all attatchments. the power of jiva
delivers him Into the totality and harmony of
omnlscience. in this final stage, even the ob-
jects of kevala‘jhana are transcended. and In-
corporated Into the anekanta of unobscured
Reality. Subject. object. and knowledge are
fused Into the unity of pure perfect con-
sciousness. El

   

, JANUARY 27, 1984

.- "4...... -....---v..m-m “n o...+qw,a.m~_.m .v... s- so. :val4.4—-. .. _._....-4- ....-~ -0... -w... » . . H... .... .

 

Ithough reggae music has long been
associated with Rastafarians. visions of
Jamaican natives with dread locks hung
down past their shoulders. and ultimately
‘.'ganja."or pot."thls relatively new musical
genre ls finally beginning to find Its way Into
AOR and new music radio formats. and
American top 100 song charts.

Jonas Nachsin

Although they are more pop~oriented.reg-
gae acts such as Musical Youth and Eddy
Grant have recently scored great hits and have
followed up with solid albums both here and
abroad. More Importantly. a color barrier Is
being broken. as more whites are beginning to
play and enjoy reggae. which was formerly a
black-dominated facet of the music Industry.
Just as the English Beat. the Selecter. and the
Specials did with ska music, U840. a band
whose members are black and white. has pro-
ven that you don't have to be black to play
reggae any more than you have to be black to
play jazz, the blues. or rock n'roll. '

Hailing from Birmingham. England. UB4O
has produced a string of hit singles and albums
In that country. but has yet to dent the
American charts. Their latest release. titled
Labour of Love, provides great hope that
U840 will taste success in the U.S.

In protest of Britain's current social policy.
U840 took their name from the British stan-

 

dard unemployment benefit card, whose
reference number Is UB40. Although all of the
members were unemployed. and though
none of them knew how to play an instrument
when the band formed. UB40 emerged In
1978 as a very different and promising reggae
outfit. With the release of their first single.
“Food for Thought" and all subsequent
releases since. U840 makes it clear that they
are far less Interested In singing about the joy
behind reggae's strong religious background.
(as the majority of reggae bands do). than in
tackling more secular and political matters. In
"Present Arms." they illuminate the hypocrisy
)of world Imperialism. and In "One In Ten"
they sympathize with the often easily-
overlooked problems of today's unemployed:
“Nobody knows me, but I'm always there/a
"statistical reminder of a world that doesn't
'care." Musically. U840 creates a unique am-
bience In their sound. dominated by Earl

tempt in my eyes. “You actually liked

that trash?!" 1 demanded Incredulously.

“It was a Dirty Harry movie." he answered.
"What did you expect?"

I looked at my friend with naked con-

John Keenan

 

Sudden Impact. playing In theatres
throughout the Albany area, is a pointless.
bloody, offensive and Inane excuse for Clint
Eastwaod. reprlsing his familiar role as that
Paragon of American Justice, Harry Callahan.
to shoot his way through sixteen adversaries

' en route to Wlhnlng the heart of Sondra Locke
(again), who accounts for four of the scoun-
drels herselifThe picture totalled twenty—two
deaths; Eastwood and Locke accounted for
twenty of them). It Is trash. and has been
universally panned by professional film critics.
a distinction It fully deserves. Serious theatre-
soers. who only pay to see "good" movies.
will no doubt avoid Sudden Impact and
should be applauded for doing so. But...

m it's Dirty Harry. What do you expect?

There are two ways to review Sudden Im-
Pact. The first way Is to set It against the other
movies that premiered this Christmas season.
movies like Terms of Endeorment and Yentl.
59' against the performances of McLaIne and
Wlnger In Terms. or even the less Impressive
Streisand In Yentl. Eastwood's 115 minutes of
l“Set practice looks lame and ridiculous, a
movie easy to laugh at. plagued with a silly
Plot. weak acting. and very questionable
morality.

As a Dirty Harry movie, It was pretty good.
It was what my friend expected. and. I sup-
POSe. It was what I'd expected. too.

But i didn't expect Sudden Impact to gross

 

produce just what the album title implies. This
'LP

'roots. to their favorite reggae artists. and more I

they were growing up. It Is an album not;

‘was a golden era. Since only the most astute

 

Falconer's gliding bass and All Campbell's
sweet. Stevie Wonder-styled vocals. accen-
tuated by the horns of Norman Hassan. Brian
Travers, and Astro. Their sound Is also
characterized by the use of dub. a technique
which uses echo machines and technological
wizadry to create a wider. more Imaginative.
expanding sound. '
On Labour of Love. U840 have set out to
r ' a set of cover versions of reggae
songs released between the years 1969 and
1972. Thus. UB40 is paying homage to their

Importantly. to their major influences when

dissimilar to Joe Jackson's Jumptn' Jive.
Jackson's attempt at probing the era of swing
music. Every track on Labour of Love seems
to accomplish just what U840 hoped to
achieve with this album, and more.

One of the best things a group In the public
eye can do is to Introduce the listener to the
kind of music which Inﬂuenced that band. and
which ultimately helped to create their present
sound. UB40 has gone one step further; with
Labour of Love. they have pointed out the
specific artists they admire the most. In
essence. It Is a celebration of their roots. Not
only does this give the listener the unique op-
portunity to understand how UB40's own
sound developed. but it also presents him with
the chance to backtrack to what the band feels

reggae mavens will recognize all of these
tracks. It Is exciting for the novice to go back to
the originals; to understand what U840 ob-
viously considers to be “the real thing."

Side one opens with “Cherry Oh Baby."
one of the better-known cuts off the album.
originally performed by Eric Donaldson, This
uplifting pop melody is centered around a
iunky keyboard riff. raunchy electric guitar.
and Alt Campbell’s smooth. soaring vocals.
This also serves'as the first Indication that
UB4O is giving social commentary a rest for a
while; as they note on the back of the album
sleeve, “In those days. reggae appealed... to
the heart and hips." With that in mind.
“Cherry Oh Baby" scores perfectly.

The rest of the tracks on this side provide
more of the same — shimmering pop
melodies. inspired musicianship, and impec-

 

 

cable production. Rounding out the field are

Make My Day

’-

Sound and Vision  xi

0 Explores Their

irrrw-‘r's'ﬁe

 

 

 

the late great Bob Marley's “Keep on Moving."
Winston Groovey's "Please Don't Make Me
Cry." the Melodlan's "Sweet Sensation." and
The Slicker's “Johnny Too Bad."

Side two opens with "Red. Red Wine." a
song destined for U.S. chart success; this
single, as well as the new album. is already
near the top of the British pop charts. This
track was written by Neil Diamond (l). but a
reggae version was made popular by Tony
Tribe. Noticeable throughout the album. but
especially In this song. Is the relaxed and
natural quality of Campbell's lead vocal. He's
not str‘aining at all here; the words slide off his
tongue smoothly and by now it's quite evident
that he and the rest of the band are obviously
having fun with these versions. Throughout
Labour of Love. U840 Invites the listener to
do the same.

Other notable tracks Include Ray Martell's
"She Caught the Train" which combines a
quirky keyboard line and funky bass riff with a
well-placed synthesized handclap and a pun-
chy trumpet sound from session man. Josh
Flier. Bob Friday's “Version Girl." as well as
“Red. Red Wine" exhibit great toasting. which
Is akin to rapping. from Astro. On Tiger's
"Guilty." as well as on "Johnny Too Bad."
percussionist Norman Hassan sings lead
vocal. and his deep. brooding range adds a
special flavor to UB40's sound.

 

 

 

 

 

 

as much money as It has. The reaction to Sud-
den Impact by audiences throughout the
country has been nothing short of terrifying.

Not terrifying In the bleeding heart. oh-look-
how-America-ls-turned-on-by-
violence—sense. but terrifying In the sense
that Sudden Impact Is essentially a very bad
movie that has been making money at the ex-
pense of very good movies.

No one can accuse Eastwood of not know-
Ing where his bread Is buttered. Variety had‘
Sudden Impact listed as the. nation's
top—grossing motion picture for most of the.
winter break and this was not due to It's

qualities of cinematic excellence. It was due to
the fact that Eastwood knows.that there are a
lot of Dirty Harry fans out there. and he aims
his movies at them Instead of at Rex Reed.

Impact was the most brutal movie l'd seen in _a
long time. Eastwood. as usual. emoted with
his eyebrows. and his dramatic vocal range
barer registered as other than a growl. But...

bers. they cheered. When he hurled a Maletov
cocktail through the windshield of a car that A
was pursuing him, they cheered. When he
forced an aging mobster to have a heart-attack
(an Eastwood first; death by intimidation).

Good business. bad moviemaking. Sudden

Everybody cheered. When he shot the rob-

 

UB40‘s version of the famous reggae artist’
Jimmy Cliff's “Many Rivers to Cross " Is really
something to behold. Campbell sounds right
at home here. and the substitution of a rhythm
cox for live drumming works perfectly here to
update. not just replay. this classic song.
Female vocalists Ruby Turner. Jackie
Graham. and Mo Birsh turn in soothing.
gospel-like back-up singing on this track.
which is flttlngly placed as the last song on the
album. I liked this version so much I went out
and bought the album on which the original
appears. Jimmy Cliff's Wonderful World,
Beautiful People. r

Labour 0/ Love works on almost every
level. What could have been dangerously
pretentious Instead turned out to be inspired
and Important. With this release. U340 has
put politics on hold in order to pay their "men-
tors" the most sincere form of a compliment:
respect. Hopefully. they will continue to pro-
duce records which will Inspire others. as they
themselves have been Inspired by these artists.
At a recent UB40 concert. a group of hard-
core fans began to slam dance In front of the
stage. knocking some Innocent members of
the audience to the ground. UB4O Immediate-
Iy stopped playing. at which time Astro
declared. "We don‘t deal with people who
come to fight...ThIs music Is for peace. not
violence." — a lesson to be learned. a labour
of love.

they cheered.

So, the obvious argument goes, Eastwood
gives the public what they want. But It's hard
to believe that the public wants trash like this.
In a season that presented us with movies like
Terms 0] Endearnient. The Right Stuff. and
Scar/ace. the emergenge of Eastwood's latest
blood-pudding as a dominant box office factor
is puzzllng. It seems to say more about how
Americans feel about the judicial system than
how they feel about moviemaking.

But I'm not a critic of the judicial system
(Eastwood is), and the mass acceptance of
Sudden Impact frightens me. It seems as If It
doesn't pay to make good pictures anymore.
not when Clint Eastwood can make himself as
rich as he has on the acting ability of a lizard
and plotllnes which resemble something out of
True Detective. _

For example. the plot of Sudden Impact
deals with a rape victim (Sondra Locke) who.
several years after the crime. begins to
rItualIstIcly kill off her rapists by picturesquer
shooting them. first In the balls. then In the
head. Right off. I knew that this was Dirty
Harry's kind of girl. Eastwood attempts to
make a point about the justice In what Locke is
doing. but the utter ridiculousness of the film
destroys any Intended messages. His latest
ftlrn borders on parody. and If Eastwood ac-
tually believes the things he expresses to us
with these movies. | feel sorry for him.

The final verdict on Sudden Impact is a
toughie. As I said before. Eastwood delivers
the expected goods. so If that's what you like,
Sudden Impact is no worse than any other
Dirty Harry film. My advice. however. is to do
yourself and Hollywood a favor. and go con-

tribute to the financial success of a movie

which deserves your money.
Go ahead. Make my day.

 

