 
 
  
  

  

/

t

:r’ .
“Q45”:

 
   

By Keith Marder
.4518”! '/.-l IY:'.S'I‘1IRI'.\' Iz'lll IUR
Just when it seemed as if the'Albany State
men‘s basketball team was out for the count
in the SUNYAC East race. they hit Platt-
sburgh with a barrage of defense that held
tltc Cardinals tojttst ll second half points as
the Great Danes came out on top of a 5l-44
decision Wednesday night in University
Gym.
Albany's defense held I’lattsburgh to two
"‘1 1 points in the final 3:35 and scoreless for the
final 2:5].
“We were playing a lot of defense." said
Dane point guard Dan Croutier. “We can
play defense like that all the time. If we keep
it up We'll have no problem."
“Defensiver it's tlte best they have played
in a long time." added Albany Head Coach
Dick Sauers. "Offensit‘ely they are still strug-
gling.“
Leading the defensive charge for the Danes
were Greg lion and Wilson Thomas.
"\VllhtllLilllli (it'cg gave us a big hit liL'l-UII‘
sirely." Saucrs said. “That was the hardest
I've seen Wilson work on defense all year"
Struggling might not be the word for
Albany“. offense. The Danes shot 22-63.
although they were gettingI good shots. llul
when it came time to hear down and hit tlte
important shots tlte Danes came through.
"We really weren't shooting that great."
said co-captain I)a\e Adam. “but when the
big shots had to be made we somehow found .
a way'to make them."
It took Albany 415‘) to break the ice itt the
second half. llenel'itting from the fact tltat
the Cardinals only scored four points in that
span Albany was able to stay close. With
l5:t)l remaining tlte score was 39-30 in favor
of Plattshurgh. v
Albany chipped away at tlte lead until it
was only one. 40-39. with 9:34 left in the
“' game. Plattsburgh guartl Mark Sausville then
hit a jtttnp shot to extend ltis team's lead to
three with 8:35 left.
Croutier then answered

  
 

    
    
    
  
    

again.

back with a

25-footer to bring Albany to within one

For the next 3148 neither team was able to.
score until Croutier drove down the right side
of the court and hit a IO-foot bank shot to

Danes shuttle Cards. 51 -44; taco Bears tonight

Albany's Dave Adam attempts to score over

Plattsburgh‘s Jim Manlatus.

ED MARUSSICH UPS

r

FEBRUAR Y [0.1984

 

fcd Thomas. who muscled in and hit an eight
foot shot. Jeff Law then quickly hit a jump
shot to bring Plattsburgh within one agatn. -
45-44. ‘ '

Albany then went into their spread offense
attempting to run the final 2:5l offthe clock.
With l:02 remaining .lim Hogan fouled
Croutier. Thirteen seconds later he fouled
Gosule which put the' Cardinals over the
limit. Gosttlc calmly sank both ends of the
one and one to put the Danes up by three
with 49 seconds left. '-

The Albany defense took over on the other
end as Croutier deﬂected a pass off of
Dwayne Wahl. The turnover gave Albany the
ball with 23 seconds left. Croutier and Gosulc
each hit a pair of foul shots which made for
the final score of 51-44. Albany.

In the first half. the Danes shot 14-35 from
the field as the Cardinals took a 33-28 half
time lead. Believe it or not the Danes shot
8-28 in the second half. But then they had
their stifling defense to carry them to victory.

“This is a big lift going into Friday
(tonight‘s game versus Potsdam)." said
Albany assistant coach Barry Cavanaugh.

Croutier agreed: “This will definitely help
our momentum for Potsdam."-

A big lift is always needed against the rival
Potsdam squad who beat the Danes 81-68 in
Potsdam on January 28.

“We've got to score more than 51 points
versus Potsdam." said Saucrs. “If we score
SI points versus Potsdam, it's going to be a
long night.“ _

Potsdam is atop the SUNYAC East Con-
ference with a 7-I league record. followed by
Oneonta whom Albany plays February 15.
Those two teams are followed by Albany at

 

 

 

was l4-l3.

give Albany their first lead since the score

After Croutier scored Plattsburgh came up
empty on a block by Albany freshman Adam
Ursprung. On their next possession Ursprung

4-3 and Binghamton at 3-3.

HOOP-LA: The Danes played a very cun-
lrollcd game as they committed only seven
turnovers....lohn Mracek started his first
game as a Dane replacing Thomas In the star-
ting |inenp...Albany has shot 74-204 from the
floor over the last three games for a dismal 36
percent. [’1]

 

 

With IS minutes remaining in Wednesday night's crucial
game between Albany State and l’lattsburgh, the Great
Danes found themselves on the short end of a 39-30 score.
For Albany. the game against the Cardinals was practically a
must-win game. as are all three of their remaining conference
games. If they couldn't turn this game around. however._thc

From the
Third How

By Mark Levine ‘ a t  '

 

  

rest of the season may not have mattered. The Danes clearly
had their backs against the wall.

“I went in with IS minutes to go.“ said Albany co-captain
Dave Adam following the game. “and I told them that we
had 15 minutes left in ottr season. We can either extend it. or
it‘s over right now." ‘

I don't know whether’or not Adam's teammates felt the

this tcant rose up to the top. Call it heart. call it pride. call it
discipline. Call it poise. call it patience. or call it teamwork.
Call it Croutier and Adam and Hart and Zadoorian. Call it
Gosulc and Thomas and Ursprung.

Call it guts.

SUNYAC rivals, "Sorry guys. we're not dead yet."

 

 

 

there; I was proud of the way they hung in there."

 

 
 
   

same way. but something deep down inside every member of

Albany outscored the Cardinals Zl-S over that final l5
minute span to win going away. 5l-44. With the nail banging
the door shut to the Danes“ coffin. the Danes kicked it open.
climbed back out and said to Plattsburgh and the rest of their

“They showed a lot of heart out there." stated Albany
Head Coach Dick Saucrs. who had to wait over two weeks to
register his 476th career win. “They were down. they weren't
shooting well. they could have given up. They really hung in

Offcnsively the Danes certainly hit some pressure shots
down the stretch. But that was not what won the game for
them. They were getting good shots all night long; they just

Albany proves to all: “You gotta have heart.”

weren’t hitting them. What brought the Danes back into this
game and into the SUNYAC race again was defense.
Tenacious, hard-working defense. Over that final l5 minute
span on defense the Danes never let the Cardinals out of their
sight. holding them to two baskets and one foul shot.

“Defensively. that was the best we played in a long time."
Sauers said. “We‘re capable of playing dcfcnsc like that. we
just haven't been. I think that they had aim of pride tonight
defensively.”

Added assistant coach Barry Cavanaugh: “I think it all‘
came down to our defensive intensity with about 15 minutes
to go. There's a difference between playing and competing.
and tonight they competed. I think in the last four games
they were just playing."

After blowing three opportunities to grab the lead. Albany
finally went ahead for good at 43412 on a Dan Croutier
I0-foot bank shot with 4:30 remaining. Croutier. always one
to shrug off any kind of pressure. was asked if he was
frustrated after the Danes missed those three chances and
seemed to be losing their grip on the game.

"No. I saw me wanting to take the next shot." Croutier
nonchalantly stated. “The first three shots I didn't get a
chance to take. and I wanted to take the shot to pttt us up,
and I did." Al McGuire. this is an example ofa prime time
player.

Wilson Thomas scored to pttt Albany up by three and after
a Cardinal bttckct cut the lead to one. the Danes got the ball
back and proceeded to rttn their patented stall. Using some
more of their classic patience. the Danes ran the clock down
to 4‘) seconds before center l’cte Gosulc got fouled.

The 6‘8" junior stepped to the line to attempt what had to
be Albany's two biggest free throws this year. Only a 70 per-
cent fottl shooter on the year. “The Goose" was loose at the
stripe and he buried two clutch foul shots to open up a
3-point lead. Any worry about not making the SUNYACs if
you missed. Pete? .

“No. l was just concentrating ' on making them. The
SUNYACs are still far away for us. We still have to beat
three teams in the conference; we have to play a whole game
like we did in the second half."

One factor in explaining the Danes' ferocious defense was
their inability to put the ball in the hoop on offense. as
evidenced by their paltry 35 percent shooting from the floor
for the game. Bttt instead of becoming frustrated and giving
up. the Danes decided to focus their anger on the Cardinals
and play “Tough D."

“We shot awful," Sauers said after the game. in what
seemed an instant replay of his comments after Saturday’s
loss to Binghamton. when Albany shot 34 percent.
“Hopefully. that (the defense) gives them some confidence

 

“There’s a difference
between playing and
competing, and tonight they
competed. ”

—Assistant coach Barry Cavanaugh

 

that they can still play basketball. We‘ve got to keep
shooting; they have to get over it. It's a mental thing. Other
than a hypnotist. I don't know what you can do."

Adam. who sltot only 2-6 for the gamc but had a key
bucket and rebound during crunch time. added, "We didn't
really shoot that great. but when the big shots had to be made
we somehow found a way to put them in. That was the dif-
ference between this gatnc and the other games. If we're not
going to do it offensively we're going to win with defense."

Throw in a lot of poise. desire. and guts. also. Perhaps Jan
Zadoorian. whose inspired play Wednesday night showed
that his heart is a big part of this classy bunch. put it best;
"We played hard the whole game." he said. “It was just a
matter of time. We were playing too hard not to win. That‘s
what it all was — a lot of heart."

Wcllsaid. Jan. Wellsaid. l l

 

 

 

 

   
    

virabiuary 14,7

PER
/

@383?"-
, j  l

  

    
  

   
 

1984'}  

UMBER 6-

 

 

 

 

 

SUN YA' creates
an international
writers institute

By Allclanctmbora

_ STAFF WRITE

SUNYA professor and best-selling author
William Kennedy joined University President
Vincent O'Leary Thursday to announce the
formation of an International Writers In-

stitute. which is to be located at SUNYA

Kennedy, who will serve as Director of the
Institute. is on leave from his position as full
professor in the English Department.

According to O'Leary. the goal of the In-
stitutc is to attract distinguished writers from
all over the world. “We’re concerned with
the creative world of writing," he said.

Kennedy. added that the Institute will “br-
ing in the best writers in the world.” and
"will put Albany on tltc writers’ beat.”

Part of the Institute's funding will come
from a tax-free $264,000 award that Ken-
nedy won from the John D. and Catherine T.
MacArthur Foundation. In addition to this.
the foundation has granted the University a
yearly stipend of $I5.000 which the Universiy
will match. “From that base the Institute
hopes to attract additional funding." said
O'Lcary.

Acclaimed novelist Saul Bellow is expected
to be the keynote lccturcr of the Institute
sometime in April, according to Kennedy.

Kennedy said the Institute could have “in-
calculablc" benefits for the campus and
larger community.

“I would ltave givctt my back teeth to have
a conversation with Saul Bellow when I was a
young writer." Kennedy asserted. “These
writers will pcrmcatc all the schools of the
University, not just the English
Department." added O‘l.eary.

English Professor Thomas Smith. the
Associate Director of the Institute, said he
will be involved with organizational work for
the Institute such as getting in touch with the
writers and scheduling their visits.

Writers will handle their time here dif-
t‘crcntly according to their own preference.
explained Smith. ‘

“For example." said Smith. “Saul Bellow
would prefer his visit to be relatively infor~

15b

 

 
 

 

 

        
   
    

    
   
      
 
      
 
   
   
 
  

 

       
 
     
 
     
 
   
   
       
   
   
 

Harvard Memorlal Hall; Inset: Ralph Nader .
The conference a! Harvard attracted I500 .rtude/tls who attended workshops and conferences.

Students

By Steve Fox
and Jerry Camploae
Cambridge. MA

“Students are back.”

This was the sentiment expressed by Daniel
Malarkcy. a University of Oregon student
who led tltc National Student Conference on
Voter Registration held at Harvard Universi-
ty this past weekend.

The conference. which attracted over 1,500
leaders from over 40 states was aimed at
reversing the historic pattern of apathy
towards politics expressed by_tltc nation's
youth. The conference was sponsored by the
Public Interest Research Groups (PIRG's),
United States Student Association (USSA).
and various student governments from across
the nation.

The non-partisan cvcnt included speakers
front the Democratic and Republican parties
'as well as representatives from a wide variety

 

Chernenko to

Moscow
(AP) Konstantin U. Chernenko. a member of
the Kremlin's old guard. was named general
secretary of the Soviet Communist Party to-
day. succeeding the Iatc Yuri V. Andropov in
the Soviet Union's most powerful post.

At 72. Chernenko is the oldest man ever

selected to lead the Iii-million member party,
which governs this nation of 280 million peo-
ple. For 30 years. he was a close ally of An-
dropov's predecessor. Leonid l. Brezhnev.
but Andropov outmancuvered him IS mon-
ths ago to become party leader.
The Central Committee formally named
Chernenko at a special session. called four
days after the death of Andropov at age 69.
The succession was decided by the l2
members of the Politburo. the country's rul-
ing body.

In naming Chercnko. the ruling Politburo
chose a member of the leadershlp’s old guard
rather than hand the reins of power to a
member of the younger generation who could
be expected to serve a decade or more.

It was a remarkable comeback for
Chernenko, who had been pushed aside after
Andropov defeated him 15 months ago in a

 

lead U.S.S.R.

delay in announcing the new party secretary
had been taken by some as evidence of a
political struggle in the Politburo.

In a speech to the Central Committee.
Chernenko attacked Western leaders. saying
they posed a threat of nuclear war. He said
the Soviet Union would strive to avert war by
maintaining its nuclear strength.

“We do not intend to dictate our will to
others, but we will not permit the military
equilibrium that has been achieved to be
upset." he vowed.

“And let nobody have even the slightest
doubt about that: We will further see to it
that our country's defense capacity be
strengthened. that we should have enough
means to cool the hot heads of militant
adventurists." he said, according to the of-
ﬁcial Tess report of his speech. .

Earlier. in an article written before An-
dr0pov's death. Chernenko had mentioned
the importance of improving relations with
the United States. And he said the Soviet
Union wanted “fruitful dialogue" with other

nations. “the United States and Great Britain
In particular.”

The announcement was made by the

 

BOO-plus-mcmbcr Central Committee
- .157 >

 

igontest to succeed Brezhnev. The four-day

 

of causes. ranging from the nuclear freeze to
the national taxpayers revolt.

_ The keynote speakers at the conference in-
cluded Southern Christian leadership cort-
fcrencc president Dr. Joseph Lowery. con-
sumer advocate Ralph Nader, and
Democratic presidential candidate Rev. Jesse
L. Jackson.

One of the goals of the conference was to
organize a voter drive that “will make
students a major political force in I984."
said USSA President Greg Moore. Nader
echoed this view in a speech Saturday after-
noon before a crowd ofclosc to 1.000 student
activists. leaders, and journalists. Nader
described the student vote as the "decisive
vote.” “The ID million students who don’t
vote can decide the next. president," he cm—
phasizcd.

Nader stressed that the next seven to eight
months are going to be important. informing
the student audience that they are “part of a
growing momentum.” “There are frontiers
wide-open for your imagination." he said.

Nader also expressed a recurring theme of
the conference regarding the student move-
ment of the l960's. “Student activism of the
80’s could dwarf the activism of the 60’s." he
asserted.

He described student activists of the 80’s as
“more systematic. more skilled, and better
lobbyists." Nader praised the sophistication
of today’s student leaders. noting the techni-
ques of canvassing by the New York Public
Interest Research Group (NYPIRG) and
their success with the Bottle Bill.

The consumer advocate noted that student
leaders now have full-time professionals and
3 “l2 month pcrserverancc." to get things
done. He added that. "you don't have to
have burning buildings to have activism."

The two-day conference consisted of ongo-
ing workshops and caucuses which dealt with
such topics as student organizing. voter
strategies and cultivating the minority vote.

Organization and planning were the
primary focuses of the conference said USSA
Vice-President Scott Wexlcr. “The com
fcrence was a tool for organizing people. not
just educating them.” asserted Wexlcr. "We
have to get stronger ties with organizations
on campus and further expand orientation."
he added.

Student Association of the State University
(SASU) President Jim Tierney described the
conference as "good" and said that all the

 
   
   
 
 
 
       
         
 
        
    
   
   

   
   

  

STEVE FOX ASP. INSET: AP

unite forvoter conference

“how-to books are there. but we haven’t yet

formulated a timeline and a full strategy."

According to the National Student Cam-

paign for Voter Registration (NSCVR)
packet. the conference met to formulatca na-
tional strategy for the coalition of PIRG's.
campus. state and national student govern-
ment association. The packet divided the
campaign into three objectives consisting of:
(I) spreading the NSCVR to as many cam-
puscs as possible, with committed and skilled
NSCVR contacts identified. trained. and ac-
tivated; (2) recruiting students to participate
in ongoing voter registration projects in com-
munities throughout the country; (3)
recruiting students to participate in campus
voter registration drives and efforts to “get-
out-thc vote" for November’s election.

The Project Assistant for the non-partisan
. Network for Voter Registration. Cate
Bowman said that. “the best thing to come
out of this conference is people talking to
each other." Site emphasized the importance
of voter registration. saying that it “brings
peOpIc together." Registering people and
educating them is the “initial contact." ac-
cording to Bowman. She added that after this
is done you have to “work with everybody
from the students to the elderly and make
sure they get out the vote."

In order to achieve their objectives the
NSCVR will be utilizing a $3 million budget
collected by 750,000 student members of
PIRGs in 20 states. as well as hundreds of
campus student governments. The student
leaders projem that their campaign will be
operating at 750 colleges and universities by
April I.

The NSCVR also expects to recruit
thousands of volunteers to carry out com-
munity voter registration drive's this summer.
Most of these drives will be aimed at poor
and minority communities. where voter
registration has been hiStorically low. Vir-
tually all of the major national Black.
Hispanic and women's voter registration pro-
jects were represented at the meeting, in-
cluding Project Vote. the League of Women
Voters. the Women's Vote Project and the
Midwest Voter Education and Registration

’ Project.

Lowery, who is also chair of the National
Black Leadership Forum. stated that there
are common enemies in "rights
movements." He said that “those who op-

.15» '

 

