3!

».:.<.a-._..-__-... ...... m w “w...

. 1....
«3-...1-14

 

 

 

“‘ -~..... g. _

 ,__._

-y~ Smog”..-

i1
.4

4 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS El FRIDA Y. MARCH 2. I984

5-’Vi¢e Chair reSigns; blamesSA politics

sttpport for tire early election dates contained in tire orlgianl
version.

 

   
 
 
 
 

By Ian Clements
Emma/AL ass/sum
Barbara Hurwitz resigned Monday from her position as I
Vice-chair of CentralCouneil saying "I no longer wish to be He reminded Council that tlte budgetary process takes
a part of the politics of SA (Student Association)." ' place front April 8 to April ll. During tltese days. he said.
Hurwitz is the second vice-chair to resign this term. Lisa . Council representatives would be required to spend tnuclt
Kerr resigned last October “for reasons time working on the budget. He said that scheduling the elec-
both internal and external to SA." I W - tions dttring the budgetary process might detract from sortie
Hurwltz said that she is usually “not one Council members' electoral campaigns and from their work

  
 

 

 

By Michelle Busher
Will/“l II'Rlllzlt‘

There are two new looks at
SUNYA this semester with the
February Ste-opening of the Food
Co-op and the new record co-op.
now called SUNY Tunes. which re-
opened February 12. Both co-ops
ltave remodeled and increased their

 

items as blank tapes. rock buttons.
record accesories and they hope to
be selling rock posters soon.
reported Friedman.

Some changes at the FoodVCo-op
as stated by Kropa. Gail Watson
and John Weiss. all Co-op
managers. ittclttde the building of
new shelves. a spice rack. new con-

"SUNY Tunes is trying to tighten
its organization, For a few years
back." he said, “the people that
ran it had problems with unreliable
people.“He attributes the deﬁcits
that the co-op ltas suffered in the
past to this.

FRIDA r, MARCH 2. 1084 c; A

.‘l'."

Another SUNY Tunes manager.
David Luntz. said that. "For the
first time in three or four years sales
have been higher than ever." Fried-
man added that. “Last year the co-
op broke even."

Luntz also remarked that. “If

 

LBANY srunetvr PRESS" ,5

co-ops offer new look in effort to, increase Sales

these ﬁrst couple of weelmlu the
new SUNY Tunes is any indication.
we should be doing a lot better
financially." Friedman predicts I
substantial proﬁt for this semester.
Both the Food Coop and SUI‘NZY>

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
    
 
  

tainers with plexy glass covers and
an expanded stock which includes
cookbooks. woks and may include
vitamins in the near‘ future.

The Food Co-op has also begun
to carry what l'ropa calls leading
items that are popular to on-
campus students. These products
include such items as Pop-Tarts.
canned soups and foods that can he
prepared in tlte dorms.

"In the past.“ said Kropa. "the
Food Co-op had only been breaking
even. Since we re-opened on
February 8th we ltave seen sales go
tip about 30 percent more per day."

The Food Co-op still carries
cheese. yogurt. produce and health
foods like granola mixes. "We want
to make it kind of a specialty
shop.“ stressed Kropa. "People
can come in and buy all of the in-
gredients for a complete meal
now.“

Friedman

variety of products.
“Over the past couple of years
.. the excitement over tlte food co-op
.- has been dying down. because tltere
has been nothing new." explained
the Food (’o-op treasure Tracey
Kropa.

“Before we remodeled. it looked
disorganiled and the walls were a
bland while." she said. “Co-op
workers got together and painted
the walls blue. which is more pleas-

. ing to the eye." she added.

SUNY Tttnes was also painted.
According to one of its managers.
Jason Friedman. “We've also ex-
panded our music selection so that
we may become a serious alter-
native to other record stores. One
way that we have done this is by ad-
ding pre-rccordcd tapes to ottr in-
ventory. We may even have special
order items that we do not carry
and are hard to find."

SUNY Tttnes has also added such

CROP fast designed to help
alleviate hunger worldwide

By Bette Dzamba

llcginniitg at noon liiiluy
over 230 SUNYA students will cin-
hiirk upon 30 hour fast itt it fun-
drnislng effort to alleviate local and
world hunger.

The fast is being sponsored by
People and Food. an on-catnpus
organi/ation whose aim is to work
1 at tlte grass roots level in the attack

against hunger. (ins Ribeiro. the
event coordinator. said the fast is
for educational and financial pur-
poses. The “most important are
education and awareness. Iiducu-
tion is even more important titan
the money“. said Ribciro. People.
he c\plaincd. need to know "what‘s
going on.“

As of February 29 over 230 peo-
ple had signed tip to fast. l-‘uslcrs use will be distributed to several
will be sponsored a certaltt amount orguni/ations. she said. including
of money for every hour they fast. the Regional Food Task Force
Last year 220 I‘usters earned around which will distribute sortie money to

for resigning." but she left SA because it  on the budget.
u ' ' "
was no longera productive" organization. Helbock added that lie was “trying to find a date opeit to
and she no longer wanted to be a representative in it. tiiost people.“
l lEJne gf the problems. she said. is that Council represen- Off-Campus representative Dave Silk agreed that the dates
elae 1:: ‘egtnnto prepare for re-electlon as soon as they are were “very convenient" for Council members. but, be con-
c '. "0 non movements start and we end up not domg tinned. “it's not our job to find a cottvenient time for us
anything. Hurwltz asserted. "SA has potential but not with (Council)."
at;l people therlc now. it's (SA) not an asset to the student ‘ Off-Campus representative Dave Tti concurred. "l respect
K3/. 5  ma ntttined. . . Bob (Helbock)’s rationale." he said. “but it‘s a bit selfish."
h de‘izrsat at the time of hearestgnation that she no longer Ttt continued. “We have to get the whole student body iti-
: time for the petty argtttng that goes on in Council." voived."
II I a - . ‘ '
S lellater added. I nt sick of the whole place." 1 Soon atter Tti spoke. Helbock withdrew his versiott ol’tlie
d :as announced during the Council meeting last Wednes- hill. The new dates were approved by a vote of 21-3-2.
. (12;; gastric: Vice cltair will be elected during next Wedncs- Helbock said that he had no “ulterior motive" for pttslting
. for the earlier dates He reminded Council tli " ' '
. ' .. 'll be ts a senior
b I: other business at the Council nteettng. a heated debate and will not rttn for office iii April. I
wrcor e out ovlelr SA nomination and election dates. Elections‘ The elections commissioner mttst be notified by March 7
be t:tele;chri'taurahylszet lozroAprtl 9 and to and nominations will so that he can establish election procedures ‘
c ‘ . I . ‘ .
The mi in“ bilt'o\ .Id 1' ‘ . . . Also dttrtngthe meeting. WCDB requested funding fortbc
from M gh s M you tavc set the nonnnanon period purchase ofa cart recording playing machine which the st't
s e r | v ' ' ' ' ‘ ~ ‘ I
and 5 art. V to aret to and the elect'tonﬁdates onAprtl 4 tton uses tor recorded announcements. The machine that is
I . . . v being used now is in constant need of re ’lll‘ s't‘ ‘ ' '
‘ . H ‘ . . . . .tdl‘et'.
o lSA Kite prestdetit Jctt Schneider was among the more The bill, to appropriate $900 for lllVC'l)ll froth. the
Ctlt‘asipo gnbozpolgent: ot the ortgtnal bill. which Council‘ Emergency Spending Line was passed Zl-0-2
o e co co-sponsorcd it was Schneider’s The Ra‘ ' i . ‘ I
H _ . . tqttctball Clttb is not an SA lunded ’rOl
I . v . . I . bttt
I;:;:§:c:llﬂlljparklgd lrfidgbaw-tmeounctland Schneider’s Council appropriated $I50 from the ESL so thnibten IZil' the
moved c 0L s Ill that Cottnctl eventually ap- club’s ntcmbers could attend the New York State champion:
. ‘ A ‘ I ships in Binghamton. The fit " ' ~ ' r
' Debate stemmed trom (.OUUL‘ll rnemhers' desire to hold l7-2-4 vote “ding m” was dppm‘w by u
eccttons after midterms but before sprin ' ' ' I
. . g break. and still Cottnctl passed a revised l ' '
.  ‘ V . , n .' ntercolle'nte Ailiteu- '.
ll3aEzeﬂednolugvllt’timebto‘pubhurc nominations. Helbock wanted tee Finance Policy by unanimous Cottidttt The tttt-"ifiillnlll-l'
c cc tons elore work begins on the SA budget. but opposed by SA Athletic Controlle M’k - l3 ‘- h ‘M
several students argtted that in doing so, Council would be to llrusco students will i ' ‘ r l t 'rusw. Acmrdmg
tatlortnrg elections to fit their own schedules. This. they said. athletic budget 0.“ mm m [hm power over the
w u v s. ' s u ' a t '
lyaiivglsézlgpsrxspccnvt SA candidates who are not current- ( urretttly. the Athletic Controller prepares vouchers
Under the new poltey. an Atltlctic Department employee will

 

 

   

 

 

' cmov nauvuv UPS
Workers at SUNYA‘s Food Co-op
Ll'tIl/l Illt' l-‘um/ Cll-tlll um/ SUN Y Tunes are entirely .vlttrlenl rim.

“Listen to the wild.
It’s calling you’.’

Robert Service
The Call of the Wlld.‘

mentioned that.

second reason she noted. is tttore
symbolic. "The ttteal of rice and tea
is a way of mpressing ottr common
union with people all over the world
who always eat simply when they
are able to eat at illl. After all. we
tire fasting for a causc. itot just to
'ust.“ Robinson asserted.

People and Food treasurer.
Diane Jordan. cvplained that
tucnty»fi\c percent of tltc money
raised will remain in the Albany
area. The funds set aside for local

Helbock quickly conceded that the nomination ' ' ’
‘ . . . ‘ pertod tn do that ob. Th _ ~ ' -- ‘
the ortgtnal versron ol tltc bill which lie co-sponsored with will still] ltave  0mm)qu Adm" mm” smd [hm he
Off-Campus representative Mitch Feig and Alumni Quad budget.

BOB SOUCEV UPS
c, 0. “m” uppmval 0'. [he mhlclic Former Vice Chair Barbara Hurwltz

. I SA was no longer "productive. ”

WIRA
Student Assistants

’- positions open _f or
Spring Intramural Position

 

    
 

 

 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  

  
 
 

8th Annual CROP Fast
by People and Food

SUN YA Hunger A wareness Group tSA FUNDED)

  
 
   
  
  

    

All Fast Programming in CC 370

Fridag Evening - March 2

 
  
  

 

   

7'30 - 'People and F0
- 0d , .
"Why/1 Hunger Grou C 9’” 52.2tXlnccordingtoRihciro. local food pnntrics. ltt addition.
p 0” amPuS' '   The fast will end at 6:00 l’.M. some of tire funds will go to.
' -  t Saturday with a meal of rice and qunga house. which is a shelter
8-00 HUNGER FILM  e o  tea. Mary Robinson. a student for tttcn: and Mcry House. a shelter
. working with People and Food as a for women. ‘
TURDA Y - March 3'   t 7 .3 community service project. deserih- The otltcr ,scietity-l'ivc pcrcent‘bl-
' g a I  ed two reasons for choosing rice the money will be given to ('ROl’.
and tea. The first is purely Jordan said. CROP is an

ecumenical organi/atiott at tempting.
to deal with both international mitt:-
Itational hunger. It operates by

. a,

physiological. slte sai .f‘Aftcr not
eating for thirty hours you have to
have something which is easy to
’ digcst" explained Robinson. The

Alice and Fired

12:00 MEALS AND MISSILES - hunger
, simulation game .
[:00 MA UREEN CASEY - Director of
INFA CT - Albany speaking on the Nestle
Boycott

     

on Monday 3/5 in CC 370,
to fill out application.

    

 

 
 

 

 
    

2:00 "Voices from the Quiet”- play drama

3:00  MURPHY- Bread for the World
speaking on effective letter writing and
affecting public policy

 
     
 

'l'ltc lilackSltccpolCanad .tn Liquors.
Hist (Wt’l Ytilmtt ilitt'li. l’tttttil ittttl

pntvttt (It [00 [until \i't so stttrmtll.

so llttvin’lttl. it tempts. ('Vl'll lllt‘ ittnst

(’lk’llllf‘tl. SttttiitMJttixml (ll on the ltlt’lth.

Yttkritt .ltti‘k trttlu stittuls .tpttt‘t

Always Smooth. Always Potent.

 
     
 

4:00 LA URIE COX- Regional Emergency Food
Task Force speaking on REFT. local hunger,
food stamps

5:00 CLOSING SER VICE- BILL R YAN

 
 

Aworld premiere by Dan Ellentuck
February 25-March 18
Five young people face the onset of the 20th Century
—and their own adulthood ~with explosive results.
Corporate sponsor: Ocean Data Systems. Inc.
Performances: Tuesday-Saturday 8:00pm;

 
    

 

 

Sunday 2:30pm and Wednesday. Feb. 29. 2:30 pm
Non Student Tickets 38-513 ~.: V
Students wtlhl D ".- price Tuesday-Thursday evenings. and

Sunday Matinee Limited availability 30 minutes before curtain

ttt Nottlt Pearl Struol, Albany New York  

Tickets available at The Market Theatre and Community Box Otticus
MasterCard and VISA accepted (No roluttds or exchanges )

6:00 Break FAST with Rice and Tea

 
 
   

llgii'lack

Vukou Jttclt Lttltlt‘ttt ltttpotled .md [kittqu by Mountain the mutant. Conn Sole Agents USA '0 ‘907 Dona. Mom 5 co

 

  

 

 

 

 

4. ‘P
SA Funded

 

 

_. . v .s.,... m

 

