gfsaZ—swL-l. ‘Ix

cam-4d r

m

‘ .-.—w.ﬁ‘v_;v'~.r-
"4.3:

w’“?

M. r? a"? ..

we -.

 

 

~ awn-vats...



News caterers

 

 

m. d»- .. :

 

Worldwide .

Ambassador held back.

New York
(AP)Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says
ltc will not send the Egyptian ambassador
back to lsraet until lsraeli troops leave
Lebanon.

He alsosaid lte would return Egypt's am-
bassador to the Soviet Union “when it's con-
venient for me." but said he was not seeking
to move away frotn tlte United States.

The Egyptian president ntade his cont-
ntents on CBS-TV‘s “Face the Nation."
broadcast from Cairo on Sunday.

lsrael “is violating tlte Camp David accord
every single day." lte said. .

if the US. Congress links aid to Egypt to
tlte return of Egypt's ambassador to lsrael.
that would be “a grave mistake." said
Mubarak. “it would appear that you are try-
ing to superimposc conditions on our rela-
tions with other countries."

Backlash expected

Tokyo
(AP)U.S. officials said Monday they have
warned the Japanese government it can ex-
pect a political and legal backlash if it im-
plcntents proposed regulations for comppter
software and telecommunications service.
Clyde Prestowitz. counselor for Japanese
affairs in the Contmerce Department. said
Vice President George Bush was unhappy
when talks in February failed to iron out high
technology issues and had ordered him and
other trade officials to return to Japan and
stay until progress was made.

Lebanon talks resume

Lauxulme. S wi/zer/aml
(AP)Lcaders of Lebanon‘s rival factions con-
ferred privately Monday in their ltcavily
guarded luxury itotel while delaying the for-
mal start of national reconciliation talks until
Syria's representative arrives.

Disagreements surfacing Suttday within the
Syrian-backed opposition underscored the
difficulties facing this second round of talks
on political reforms that would give Moslems
a greater sltarc of the power held by Chris~
trans.

 

 

Meese to be approved

Wusltinglon, D. C.
(AP)A vote on Edwin Meese ltl's nomina-'
tion as attorney general comes before the
Senate Judiciary Committee this week. and
even his most vociferous opponent concedes
the Republican-run panel appears ready to
approve President Reagan’s choice. ,
The Judiciary Committee delved for more
than a week into Meese's debts and finances.

PREVIEW OF'EVENTS

 

alga/rm STUDENT mess tit TUESDAY. MARCH 13. i984;

 

v his ties with wealthy Californians who ob-
” tained government jobs and his alleged role
in the I980 Reagan campaign's use of
documents from President Carter's re-
election campaign.

Se'n. Howard Metzenbaum. D-Ohio. is the
White‘ House counselor‘s chief opponent on
the committee. The senator argues that
Meesc is not fit for the office. charging that
tht~ presidential adviser has not been com-

~tdid with Congress during the hear-
inr and will be unable to cut his long-time
pot. ' '1 lies to the president.

CBS faces strike

New York
(AP) After nearly 10 hours of weekend
negotiations between the Writers Guild and
CBS failed to produce any movement in a
contract dispute. the union said it would go

 

ahead with its planned strike authorization

vote Monday.

Mona Mangen. the Guild's associate ex-
ecutive director. said negotiations broke
down at around 7 pm. Sunday after the net-
work refused to change its position on
jurisdiction over writers and graphic artists
and use of temporary employees.

Site said the union had scheduled the strike
authorization polling for 8 pm. to midnight
Monday at the Warwick Hotel in Manhattan.

Televised death nixed

Huntsville, Texas
(AP)The Texas Board ofCorrections refused
Monday to allow the execution of James
David Autry to be televised, rejecting

   
 

arguments that the public should have the
right to watch a convict die. -

The board voted 8-0 against changing state
guidelines to allow cameras into the death
chamber to record‘Autry’s execution by
lethal injection, scheduled before sunrise
Wednesday. .

"I have many concerns about this. Not
just the propriety and decency of it. but the
potential that it could have an effect on the
death penalty itself,” said board-chairman
Robert Gunn. who will be one of two
witnesses to the execution if it is not stopped
on court appeals.

the inmate, who escaped execution in Oc-
tober when he was granted a stay with 30
tninutes to spare, has maintained his in-
nocence in the l980 slaying of Shirley
Drouet, a mother of five. But he argttcd that
if the punishment is to be carried out. the
public should be allowed to watch to learn
what executions are like.

Statewide

Hijack call was hoax

 

 

 

I . Albany
(AP)Passengcrs were evacuated from a
USAir jet on the runway of the Albany
County Airport Monday after a 4 caller
reported there would be a hijacking in what
turned out to be an apparent hoax. aviation
officials said.

Flight 425 had been scheduled to leave
Albany for Buffalo around 9 a.m., but was

 

  

delayed temporarily by the report said
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman

 

Dick Stafford in Washington.

Participants in State Ouad’s Alrband ll contest this past Saturday.

  
 

.‘ -

Meanwhile, police said a suspect taken into
custody shortly after the incident was being
held for an unrelated action.

Toxic pool found

‘ New York
(AP) A pool containing millions of gallons of
PCB-contaminated waste oil. has been
discovered under a city dump
The existence of the toxic waste pool was,
disclosed Sunday by the Sanitation Depart.
ment - on the eve of a news conference at
which three top city commissioners were to
discuss what to do about the situation.

NY" checks doctors

' New York
(AP)State ofﬁcials heading up an investiga-
tion into doctors' credentials say the number
of physicians involved has increased Sttbstan~
tially over the past week. according to a
published report.

The credentials of some 60 doctors were
under "priority investigation" by the slate
Ofﬁce of Professional Discipline last week,
but that number has since grown to too. ac-
cording to an article in today's New York
Times.

And the State Office of Mental Health said
credentials of some 1,700 physicians were set
to be reviewed up from 1,000 last week. the
report added.

The state investigations, as well as it
separate federal inquiry and actions by of-
ﬁcials in t5 other states. are aimed at locating
doctors who have used fraudulent medical
degreees and medical school transcripts to
gain entrance to training programs in this
country.

 

ADAM GINSEERG UPS

 

free listings

on SUNYA Debate Society
prooonte Dr. Cuchman as part
of e 5 session workshop on
Wed. March 22, 3:30 pm In the

Humanities Lounge.

The SUNYA trteh Club will be
sponsoring a bus trip to NYC for
the St. Patrick's Day Parade on
Saturday, March 17. Buses will
be leaving the circle at 8:45 AM.
and returning from N.Y.C. at
7:15 PM. Tickets will be $14 and
will be on sale in the campus

center. For lurther into cell
Dents at 457-8918.

The international Film Group in
conjunction with the SUNYA

lrish Club will be presenting the
film "The Quiet Man" on Thurs-
day Match 15 at 7:30 and 10 pin
In LC 1.

Democarttc Socialists at
America (oi the Democratic Par-
ty) will meet Wednesday. March
.14. at 7 pm. In CC358.

Amerciane with Hart wlttl
discuss campaign plane on
Tuesday. March 18 at 8 pm. in
HU 23.

A Purim Feast will be held on
March 18 beginning at 5 pm. at
Shabbas House, 67 Fuller Road
(off Perimeter Road).

The Capital District Coalition
Against Apartheid and Racism

Is sponsoring a fundraiser
Saturday, March 17. 1984 at the
Otis Club. 155 Northern Blvd at
8 pm. A tashton show and a
music show will be held. Admis-
stort is $5.00

Sale Place. a support group tor
families and friends of suicide
victims, will meet Tuesday,
March 13 at 7:30 pm. at The
Friends Meeting House. 727
Madison Avenue.

Nadir is accepting contribu-
tions in poetry, writing.
photography. and art for the
1964 issue. Cali Mike Benson at
463-2388 or Lcrl Coppola at
463-1003 for information.

Bagel Sale on March 13 and
14 will benefit SUNYA's literary
magazines:Nad/r, Names/s. and
The Albany Rev/aw. Tables will
be set up in the Campustenter.

"Untearntng Judaism: Clearing
up Misconceptions about Jews
and Jewishness," is the topic of
a lecture series held every Tues-
day at 4 pm. in 00373.
Saudi Arabia and Jordan-
Kingdcms at the Crossroads?
will be discussed Wednesday
March 14 at nonn by Dr. Nabtl
Khoary of Siena College at the
Albany Public Ltbray. Main
Branch. 161 Washington Ave.
Barbara Btctncr. poet and

ptaywrlte. will present an infor-
mal read-through of her new
play on Thursday. March 15. at
noon in the Humanities Lounge
as part of the Jawbone 1984
Readings Series.

Albany Mendelssohn Club and
Heritage Artists Ltd. are spon-
soring a gala concert at the
Cohoes Music Hall Friday.
March 16 at 8 pm. Tickets are
$8.00 and can be reserved by
calling 235-7969.

A Physics Colloquium will
feature Allen Mills from the
AT&T Bell Laboratories speak-
ing on “Physics with Stow Post-
tlon Beams" Friday March 16 at
3 p.m. In PH 129.

 

 

 

 

 

mesa/1 Y. MARCH 1.3. (9.94 til [11.11sz x STUDENT 985.58 ‘3

Five Quad eyes move to infirmary

By‘ Mike Taubleb

Sltould current l'undrttising efforts suc-
ceed. construction will begin on it new per-
manent base at the infirmary for Five Quad
Voittnteer Ambulance Corps. according to a
Five-Quad official. .

Plans to move the organization from its
current location on Colonial Quad have been
in the works for ten years.

Five Quad officials stated that “the need
for protection of the ambulances from the
weather and rising vandalism was the
primary motivation behind the search for a
new base. Four years ago. Five Quad ap-
proached the Office of Student Affairs with
the idea for a new base of operations.

The Five Quad Permanent Base Project'
was formed and. in May. 1982, then Dean of
Student Affairs Neil Brown submitted a pro‘
posal to SUNYA President Vincent O‘Lcary
for approval. ,

“A final decision to commence fundrais-
ing for the Five Quad Permanent Base pro-
ject was ntade in late November of 1983,"
said Brown. now Associate Vice-President
for Health Services. “At this point the pro-
ject was added to the SUNYA Annual Fund.
a request for contributions from Alumni to
various education activities throughout the
campus. A telepledgc service has just com-
tnettced within the last two weeks to call
parents and alumni to rcqttest additional aid
for the project. The ambulance service is also
on the optional checkofi' of student's bills
received every sctnester.

Concurrently. Associate Vice President for
Stttdent Services licttry Kirchner organized a
committee for futtdrttising frotn local unions
such its-Civil Service Employees Association
and United University Professions as well as
frottt University Auxiliary Services (UAS).

Five Quad President Dorian Rehfield said
site was happy with the success of tltc project
so far. “Construction on a two-bay garage
should he ruling in September of 1984; if
the fundraistng efforts are a success. She add-
ed that it figure for the cost of a ttew garage
as well as renovating facilities ittsidc the infir-
tttary is unavailable at this point.

"Since we have been looking for a better
base for [0 years and with many calls for
assistance coming through tlte lnfirmary.

.lhat'seemed like the best place to relocate,"

she said. The protection afforded by this nctv
garage will keep our ambulances in excellent
condition and thus ittcrbase our efficiency,"

site added.

Brown said the project includes allocation
of 500 to 1000 square feet of space within the
lnfirmary for a bunkroom. operating center,
and dispatch room. I

“l’m very excited about these changes. l
have been working with them since their in-
ception and they are an excellent organiza-
tion," Brown said. He added that “there will
soon be a need for individual volunteer ser-
vices to aid in the refurbishing of the infir-
mary."

Five Quad Associate Vice President Kir-
chner. who is also on the corps board of

 

 

 

Five Quad stall with ambulance

directors, said “the gttrage will probably be
built adjacent to the lnfirmary on the same
side as Five Quad's new headquarters. An
additional plus to the move is the extra suite
of living space that will be made available on
Colonial Quad when Five Quttd moves out."
he said. The corps now occupies a single
suiteroom‘ in Paine Hall.

When asked about tltc chance of funds
from SA he said that “SA does their part
every year by providing operating funds for‘
Five Quad. so they would only be asked as a
last resort. “This probably won't be
necessary," he added. E]

r

. r“ '

 

Cotttlrttt'Im/t ttl'm-tt- Imw t'llll/(l begin in Sop/ember.

Schaffer questions role of committee

By Bob Gardlnter

(YIN I'RIIlUI [NU Ell/ION

Criticisttt has been launched by Slttdettt
Association President Rich Scltaffcr at the
Campus Life Committee. an administrative
management group, that.ltc states has too
much power and influence.

The committee is one offivc standing cont-
mittces that meet on a regular basis. provide
a means of communication for organiza-

   

- Dr. Frank chue

Receives I‘eporlt of ermlmiI/t'e.

tional purposes attd monitor areas of
management - “it is a management commit-
tee," said Vice President for Uttiversity Af-
fairs Lewis Welch.

Otltcr areas of this group include Com~
tnttttity Affairs, Academic Policy, Resource
Management and External Research. Vice
presidents sit on the cotntnittce to discuss and
provide ittpttt on different organizational

problems anti procedures. according to.

Welch. v

“i have to ask the question, who is really
making the decisions on this ctttttptts’l" sttid
Schaffer. He added that former SA presitlcnt
Mike Corso did not even know that this corn-
tnittce existed attd that he himself considers
the committee unsupportive.

A major issue that concerns Schaffer is the
“Don‘t Walk Alone" project. a safety escort
service. that he feels the management com-
mittee ltas been “dragging their feet" on.

A pilot project of "Don't Walk Alone"
was rttn at the end of last year. according to
Scltnffer. The test project was approved by
Vice President for Student Affairs Frank
Pogttc attd was tried for about a tttontlt and
went very well. said Schuffcr.

The project. which is now on itoid awaiting
review by the committee.is an alternative
safety plan, an improvement over an existing
escort service rtttt by the ptthlic safety depart-
tttcttt according to Seitai'i‘er. The present
escort service lacks proper training and
screening. 5 d Scltul'fer. and the escorts are
men \vltcretts Scltttl‘i‘er expressed a desire to
itnvc sortie women and men involved in the
safety group.

The first written proposal sent to the Cam'-
pus Life Committee on the "Don‘t Walk
Alone" project was withdrawn last year. ac-
cording to Schaffer. because he did ttot want

 

the comtnittce to dicuss the issue. The reason
Scltaffcr gave for his withdrawal of the writ-
ten proposai was that there are no women on
the committee and he felt that as such they
would ttot be sensitive to the issue. he said.

Sittce tltett, Pogue appointed Director of
Afflrtnative Action Gloria DeSole to the
committee.

A new report on tile establishment of the
project was presented to Pogue last week.
said Schnffcr. He pointed out that this recent
report is ntore extensive tltan the last.

The committees are “advisory only.“ said
Pogue who heads the management group,
“it is not a dectston tnnking comtttittee." he
added. According to Pogtte. Schnffer‘s ac-
cusations that the committees have too tntteit
potvcr over administration decisions is
“totally incorrect, there is no truth itt that
statement." v

“i as Vice President am free to consult
with anyone that i may consult with before I
report to the president and the Catttptts Life
Corntttittcc is only one of many that report to
me." said Pogttc. '

The group is an opportunity to share ideas
attd bounce them off people. said Pogue. it
provides an opportunity to identify problem
areas that might relate to catttptts life or
anything front commencement to the struc-
tttre of the academic calendar for the year.
said Pogue.

But. said Scltttffer, “l view any official
group set up such as this as having a viable
voice to inlluence decisions." To support his
claims Schai‘fer added that all influential ad-
ministrators on the campus are in some way
associated with the tttttngcntent group: “i
really disagree that they ltavc no influence

'over tltc policies that come out of the ad-
15>

 

I
l

 

 

 

“commissioner 

’"shakes up state.
education plans

Albany
(AP)New York's education commissioner
may have been nicknamed “Gordon Gum
Drop" for his soft-sell approach. bttt he's
shaking up the education establishment.

Gordon Ambach‘s ideas have touched
off not only a debate across New York
state. but .he has also prompted cducators
and government leaders nationwide to
rethink their positions.

A leading advocate of sending 4-year-
olds to kindergarten and allowing l6 year-
olds to graduate from high school. Am-
bach also has been trying to convince state
leaders that children should know a se-
cond language by the titne they enter high
school.

. Ambach’s reputation for independettcc
and innOvation has reached the point that
some national education figures - such as
iAlbert Shanker. - the powerful president
of the American Federation of Teachers)-
think he'd make a fine US. Education
Commissioner.

' At age 49. Ambach is into his seventh
year of administering an office he says is
even more complex. He calls it the
“largest education system in the world.”
, That system includes 6.600 public and
. nonpublic elementary and secondary
schools. 250 private and ptthlic colleges.
universities and professional schools. 747
public library systems, a massive state
library. 750 museums and historical
societies as well as the state tnuscttttt. 368
proprietary vocational schools. nursor'y
schools and hospital and nursing schools,
nine public television councils and the
licensing of professions.

Called the University of the State of
New York. the education system

1the oldest itt the nation.
Later this month, the state Board ol
Regents is expected to give final approval
, to art “action plan” setting tttore stringent
requirements in mathematics. science.
Isocial stttdies, the arls, foreign languages
and cotnpttter training.

Atnbach's proposed changes are ex-
pected to cost billions of dollars over the
next five years.

The building blocks of the piatt did not
lspring up overnight. said Atnbttclt. Tltcy
and a lot of soft scllittg.

Tlte commissioner's “gum drop" ap-
proach has been successful before. He's
managed to have basic competency test rc-
qttiretncnts instittttcd for high school
students seeking a diploma and has set the
stage for the recognition of teaching as a
lprol‘ession in New York.

By breaking down an overall educa-
tional initiative into separate parts, Arn-
bnch has succeeded itt getting the state to
plod along itt the direction ltc \tuttts - cvett
on controversial issues such as making
teaching tt formal profession. While
teaching is ttot a formal profession yet.
Ambach said keycomponents are being
implemented. including certification e\-
tttns starting this September.

Atnbach is using the sttme approach to
prontotc his plan to have children itt
school at age 4 and graduating at to.

Tire proposed action plan would pro-
vide 4-yettr-olds with the opportunity to
start itt pre-kindcrgarten. Ambach said
eventually those Ai-y'cttr-olds will be per‘
forming the same tasks now reserved to
, 5-year-old kindergarten students.

Also cotttaincd in the action plan are
provisions letting eighth graders begin
ltiglt school sequences for mathematics,
science. foreign languages and other sub-
jects.

"What i believe will happen over time.
once those two provisions are in place. is
that you will .see more and more...children
completing their secondary school pro-
gram at the ettd of what we coulti usually
consider to be the llth grade." said Am-
baclt. The students would tltctt have the
option of staying in itigh school to take
electives, going onto college or into the
.job market. D

t
l
l
|

 

‘ celebrates its 200th anniversary this ryear ~_

 

.ttre the result of nearly three year‘s work ‘

 

 
 

