 

 "a; ‘;r_'7mg'g‘.tr‘a.1.s'n [taint Al

‘ 'iaviﬁ'ﬁi'ﬁmf ﬂ‘LuéTVm'" ‘

 ‘
it“ n "

7' '_ 16 XLBANY STUDENT harass in Tucson Y. JANUARHI, "1934

 

 

“é ' POTENTIAL DEGREE CANDIDATES

‘ F 0R .
MAY 1984,

Deadline For- Filing Applications
' February V, 10, 1984 ~

V Applications may be picked up in the Registrar’s Office, A0 B5

 

BUSINESS BUSINESS
' BUSINESS BUSINESS
-BUSINESS BUSINESS
BUSINESS BUSINESS,
BUSINESS BUSINESS
BUSINESS BUSINESS
BUSINESS BUSINESS

WORLDVIEW, a new
campus publication, is
looking for people who
want to gain practical ex-
perience as part of the
business department. We
are looking for:
Business Manager
Ad Sales Representatives

For details come to the ASP
interest Meeting Wednes-
day, Feb. I at 7:30 p.m. in
LC 6 or leave a note in CC
329.

 

r

_..-4- m

 

 

 

 

 

.‘uj' I} I
PIZ Z
O (On busline between Quail and Lake)-
9' 'Mideastern Kosher and Vegetarian foods
Open Sunday thru Thursday (Noon to 11 pm

NOW OPEN .for LUNCH 12 to 11 pm
.10 "/0 ' off with this ad;

KOSHER

r4465 ngFALAFEL

 

specializing in
from

15% Student Discount
with Mike Rubbia

 

Madison& S.Swan
FREE PARKING on SUNY Busllne

IIIIII I-IAIIlIESIGII I.'I'D.
A Sebastian Artistic Center

Distinctive Hair Fashion

Corporate to Controversial

_
449- 7161

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

our]

 

THURSDAY
u TAXI DRIVER 2i
STARRING ROBERT DENIRO

 

nus

Boost WEEKEND. A'I'

IIIIIVERSI'I'Y
«INEnAs »

 

 

 

FRI. and SAT.

. “ RISKY BUSINESS n
STARRING TOM CRUISE

6‘ CUJO ’9

 

 

SA FUNDED

 

 

iEﬂbﬁWﬂl taste 

mail with $5®®oo

Here's a test you can actually relax for. First,
pour yourself a relaxing cup of General Foods’
International Coffees. Then match the six rich
coffee ﬂavors above with the ﬁve countries of
Europe that inspired them. And if
yogi your answers are right. you could be
rri'el‘ $5.000 richer. Plus one winner from
your school will receive a $10 gift
certiﬁcate to the college bookstore.

 

 

drum was:

 

 

 

 

453.381..

_CAIé FRANCAIS
. {Wm

.—

"n ,

_, ___.
~l=tﬂifaltn

Jim.“

crest"

To enter; print the number of the country next to
the can of General Foods” international Coffees
whose ﬂavor was inspired by that country.
Mail this onllre ad to: G.F.I.c. Tutu ot Europe Sweep-taken.
anarlmont 115. 9.0. EDI BBBB, Wellporl. CT DEBUT-BEES
"tlllll‘v.s_.. A,E,VV___¥W. __. ,,_c__.__.h____.~_____._

'\titlll' »

til),\l.iIi-r/rii

 

rt.ii.i...-_,. ;c,,

« General Foods” International Coffees Sweepstakes Ofﬁcial Rules
1, N0 PURCHASE NECESSARV. 2. in outer. complete this art or a 3” x 5" plain piece oi paper willi your hand-printed name. address
When using the ad as entry. hand-print the answers to the six questions In the spaces provrded; when using a 3" x 5" entry. ti
Colloes ﬂavors in a list on a separate 3" x 5" plain piece at paper and next to each indicate the European country that iris nod it by handwriting the number at that
country's inap. Mail this entire completed art or other entry to Gilc taste at Europe Sweepstakes. Department 115. P.0. ox 8886.Westport.C106867~8886 E
entry must include either one prooi-ol-piirchasc at General Foods international Cottues tthc "cup wnh letters GHC" cut trorii the plastic lid) or the words "General Foods
international Coileos Come in G Flavors" hand-printed on It separate 3” x 5” plain piece at paper 3. Enter as oitim as you like, but cacti entry must be mailed separaton
Entries must be received by March 17. 1984. Not responsrtile tor illegible. dnmngod. lost. late or misdirected entries: mechanically reproduced entries not accepted, 4. One
Grand Prize or $5,000 and 177 Second Prizes conSisiing Or a Sin gitt certiticalo to cacti at the 177 participating college bookstores will be awarded winners writ be

determined by random drawing on or about March 23.

19“ "um among all contact entries received by Promotional Marketing Corporation. an independent judging

organization whose doctsrons are linal Odds at Winning Will be determined by the number at correct L‘l‘illlDS received There is .1 limit 0! one prize per person and one
Second Prize per college Prizes may rtot be substituted. liftllSIt‘lltttI or exchanged. Winners Will be notitiod by mail provrdod they are available at the address shown on the

entry or have turnrshotl a proper torwarding address to sweepstaan headquarters (PMC, 65 Jesup Road, Westptirt. CT 0688

0) 5. Sweepstakes is open to registered

college students 18 years ot age or older at pnrticrpnting colleges Ill the US . except Employees and their inniiliris ol thllllial Foods Corporation, their attilintcs, substdrancs.

advertising and production agencrcs and Promotional Marketing Corporation Void wherever prohibited or restricted by

law All Federal. State and local laws and

regulations apply. Taxes are the solo rcsponsrhility oi the wmriers Winners may Ilt.‘ required to Sign on Attidavn ol Eligibility and Puttltcrty Release 6. To obtain the name at
the Grand Prize wrnnor. send .1 stamped. sell-addressed envelope to. GiiC Wltllltlt LISI, P 0 Box 2925 Sauguruck Station, Wostport. CT 00880 by March 17. 1984.

I General Foods Corporalion 1984

 

 

 

TUESDAY. JANUARYJI. 1984 DALBANYSTUDENZPRESS I.

swimmers“ v
triumph over
St. Michael’s

By Adam Goodman
STAFF WRITER.

If there were any fears that the
Albany State men's swim team
would look past. St. Michael's on
Saturday in light of today's meet
against archrival RPl, they were
erased. as the Danes easily handled
the small Vermont College, 65-40.

The score was not even indicative
of the meet as Albany held a 60-20
lead bel‘orc experimenting with
other swimmers and combinations.
Albany coach Joe Shore was ex-
tremely pleased with the results.
“We had a lot of fun. but we did
swim hard."

it was another good day for Jeff
Kennedy, as be won two races. in
the 1000 free, tic set a personal best
time of t0:45.35, which incidently
fell only six seconds short of the
school record. Frank Parker took
second in the race with a personal
best time of “207.37. to give
Albany an early sweep. Kennedy
then managed to recover from the
grueling race to take the 200 lM
with ri seasonal best time of2:08.29.

Ted Obcr. Albany’s sensational
freshman, enjoyed a fine day winn-
ing the 200 back (2:i4.24) and par-
ticipating along with left" Ball, Mike
Wright and co-cuptnin Bill Mcicr in
the 400 medley, which Albany won
to open the afternoon.

Tom Handy. not known as a
sprinter. managed to win both the
200 free and the loo free (52.7).
These victories were crucial to the
overall meet because the team has
been fairly weak in the sprints,
primarily due to some grueling
training during the break.
POOLSIDE NOTES: Albany will
host rival RPI Tuesday afternoon at
4:00 at University Gym...ln their
first meeting of the season. Albany
upset the Engineers.
66-49...Atbany‘s record is now 4-3.

 

Great Bantu ita.
Implication
ﬁaturitap 8:01] pm

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pull our
wool

over your

t

WAII'I' 1'. SEE MOVIES FREE!
ancu rennin Peso-Ens‘reniuIEnEs'l HEE'I'IIIG
DA'I'E, from, and LocAﬂen ii

 

Tiara, Fri 3:;

 

 

 

 

 

- ‘ I 6 Tweeds
Plus much , much more?

w In°§5u$"$%‘f£i
i593Cenh-al Ave.
Colonic N.Y,
t 1‘ 7
Sat—eds" 8
Mon~Wed IO‘G

 

 

§liéQuesrron

 

 

___ CORPORATION

America‘s newest and fastest-growing nation-wide corporation in-
vites you to earn next year‘s tuition beiore June. ’

It you are energetic, outgoing, ambitious, and you enjoy meeting
new people, we may Just have the opportunity you've always wanted.

Work part-time or lull-time.
Set your own hours.
We need Local Representatives and Area Coordinators.

For continuing students. this expands Into a htghly~lucratlve sum-
mer position, which tlexes back in the tail to fit your academic
schedule.
Many permanent positions are available nationwide, as well.
This Is a rare and unique ground-lloor opportunity which probably
will not repeat. once the necessary personnel have been acquired.
To apply. send a sell-addressed. stamped business-size envelope.
,Appticatlon torm and information will reach you by return mall.

Ouestron Corporation
Suite 204

2012 Grove Avenue
Rlchmond, VA 23220

 

 

 

Volunteers with rose
piratory infection
wanted tor study at
non-narcotic cough
medicine. Will be
compensated.
PLEASE CALI.

438-4438

"mind-4:30

 

 

tuition and Stipend Support Available i

Allier liter and
Asthma ton on

GRADUATE STUDIES in
BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH

Basic Medical Science Department
Active Research Programs
Seeking Ouolltted Applicants

For Further Intoimotlon Contact:

Graduate Committee
Department at Physiology
Albany Medical College
Albany, N.V. 12208
(516445-5651)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

