    
    

r

..~-..___‘~..y..-.....m._«~w.

fata-

.. .,,- .......».~. A...

i’
g
t
g

 

-mu

‘m.»xfwa»t:.m.. m

1?,

 
  
  

 

' H To civic center isIto’b'e built inAlba‘n‘y.’ then it belongs

'  I ,in the shadow of the Empire“State Plaza and not the

, . SUNY campus. .' University President , Vincent

O'Lea‘ry'sentitttslastic proposal for a civic center-'ﬁeldllouse

complex across the street from campus'is not in the best in-
terests of, either the city or the University.

There are several questionsjaised by O'Leary’s plans. Ac-
cording to his proposal,,the complex would cost an estimated
$25, million to construct. plus an annual expense of
$1.34”!!! in ‘debt ﬁnancing. .

‘ O'Lea’ry assumes a'n initial “contribution of SIO million
_ from the state, with the rest being worked out somehow bet-
ween Albany county and the city. His proposal glosses over
any speciﬁcs of these assumed arrangements. and it curiously
avoids mentioning the very distinct possibility of con-
siderable ﬁnancial committment by the University. Does
,' O’Leary really expect to have his cake and eat it too?

This suspiciously murky ﬁnancial setup does not do justice
to the costs involved once the center opens for business, from
security to snow removal. Most civic centers across the coun-
try operate at a loss. Between the massive initial costs and an

  

1 uspieions

A unpredictable plethora of operating expenses, this would be a
mistaken venture for the University to partake In.

The bottom line on paying the bills for the center could
. very‘well end up in the pockets of SUNY students. Where
else would the money appear from? ‘And once the prOJect
began, there would be no turning back, and students could
be saddled with an oppressive financial burden. Greater tut-
tion and dorm rate increases. new atheletic fees and other
devious means would almost certainly be the legacy of this
extravaganm.

Where a civic center would do most good is right in the
heart of downtown Albany; After the success of the plaza tn
catalyzing the revitalization of the city, a civic center would
be the next 'logical step. Now that financially successful
businesses and individualsltave been drawn back, fresh sup-
port for active commercial and social development abounds.

Building a civic center downtown would help transform
Albany into the thriving metropolitan center it ought to be. it
would provide for the creation of a more diverse and exciting
cultural and night life, including restaurants. bars, clubs and
theaters, all within walking distance of the civic center and

I *
Plaza. This kind of development belongs as 3 “Emmy
natural. and integral part of city life, not.“ a so": mum;
stuck out in' the suburbs. A successful metropolitan are.
depends upon a successful metropolis. Every community In
the capital district will reap the beneﬁts of a Completc and
prosperous-downtown district.

0n the practical side. the downtown site has a great deal to
offer. The land is owned by the state. so the burden on city
and county taxpayers would be minimal and the financing of
the project much more feasable. The facilities of the civic
center and the Plaza could. be combined to provide
superlative possibilities for conventions and shows or any
kind. Trafﬁc could be routed directly off the highways and
into the center’s- parking areas. Albany would become a
much greater lure to tourists, sports and music fans. The
money generated by this inﬁux would spread throughout tt.c
area, making Albany and its neighboring communities a
mure inviting and exciting place to live.

O'Leary's pipe dream proposal seems born out of his
desire to enhance his own prestige through that of the
University. Financially it is laden with ambiguities and prcg.
nant with pitfalls. If the University wants a ﬁcldhousc. that is
a separate matter. But it would be a tragic missed ()pportuni.
ty to build a civic center anywhere but in the heart of
downtown. The timing is right. The location is perfect. The
downtown center could propel Albany and its neighbors into
a new era of strength and prosperity

 

COLUMN -

A male perspective

The series of articles and letters at the end of last semester
by Libby Post. Hamilton South and others, dealing with
feminism — and speciﬁcally the question of men as feminists
— and the address given by Sonia Johnson to a large and
almost entirely female audience, have given rise to some
thoughts. Perhaps this column should be titled "Yet another
man's perspective!”

David Janower

Absent, from all of the discussion and letters is. of course,
a cogent definition of feminism. Since such a positive
polltical~social process is not really defineable, many people
can consider themselves "feminists" and believe vcry dif-
ferent things, with a restricted range. from others who use
the same label. (it is much easier to deﬁne negative things

 

 

,, like racism, sexism and ageism than it is to encompass all of

the positive aspeCts and goals of feminism in a tidy defini-
tion.) Lacking this clear deﬁnition, i would venture to
declare, in all humility, that l consider myself a feminist!
There. We said it, for all to readl But what does that mean,
to be afeminist und 3  _ . . . .

Since 1 am at the ripe old age of Si, l have a few years (for
better or worse) on some of the people who have been writing
to the ASP about this issue. i remember discussions in those
famous sixties, when Libby Post was a baby radical (is red
diaper baby. she said), concerning whether white people
could really be part of the Civil Rights movement. Aren't
whites, after all. the ones oppressing people of color (we
spoke only of black people then)? Well sure, we'd argue, but
that doesn't mean ALL of us whites are "like that." Some of
us want to change things, want to give blacks equal status,
equal opportunity (ah. those famous words), and so on. We
want to help. we want to march, we want to freedom ride.
We might even consider giving up a few of our privileges, so
that some of those blacks can have them. Revolution? Well,
that’s perhaps not necessary, but the Civil Rights movement
is a good thing and we are behind it. Black Panthers? 'Too
violent. Martin Luther King? Right oni . ‘3

Well, that was certainly one scenario back then. is it a '
different now with men and feminism? i think it is not'di l

ferent in essence. it is still the “oppressors” dealing with the k

"oppressed." Some of us truly believe. with'ail our hearts
and minds, that women (blacks, old people, other nations)
get a raw deal from the white, male ruling class. This is not,
as Lori Spaccareili well pointed out in the li/18/83 ASP. an
"accomplishment" of great proportions, to have come to the
realization that‘the white male is an “oppressor.” it is a
beginning. though, just as recognizing the need for a Civil
Rights movement in the sixties was a beginning. A famous
slogan of that time (Cleaver?) is still appropriate: “if you’re
not part of the solution you're part of the problem; The
questions that l (we) have always found so difﬁcult is, how
do i (we white males) become part of the solution? in the
case of feminism, the corollary to that is: can a male bc a
feminist?

i think the answer to that is yes. although i clearly have my
own definition in mind. A feminist, i would venture, is so-
meone (not some woman, but someone) who believes that
men and women are inherently equal and that they should be
treated equally by society. "Equal." Hmmm. "Treated
equally." Hmmm again. More deﬁnitions are needed. One
could list specifics, i suppose: ERA, sexual preference rights,
maternity/paternity laws, inheritance laws. equal pay,
violence against women (in which category falls not only
domestic violence and rape but also pornography), reproduc-
tive rights, homemaker rights, and so forth. Docs believing
the "politically correct" way about these issues make one a
feminist? Does b'elleving and actively ﬁghting for these issues
make one a feminist? All of those issues? Some of them?

On the other hand, i have been trained since I was born
and my parents saw the extra apparatus l carried and what a
ridiculous difference two inches of tubing model), to act and
think in certain ways. i was taught that men are

authoritative. a lesson i learned all too well. i was taught
many things i have rejected or tried to reject: men don’t cry.
men don't take care of kids, men don’t cook, men make
money, men get special treatment in everything, men don't
feel. Well, i cry. i love kids, 1 used to be a pretty good cook,
1 work at SUNYA so obviously i don't make much money,
and — oh oh, here’s the problem — lch special treatment in
cverything. i get privileges. l’m not even aware, no doubt, of
many of these privileges, because i don’t realize that women
are treated differently. 0r. i realize it intellectually, but i
can’t really see it, can’t really understand it. Well, i don’t
disagree with that. i wish i understood it better, because then
i could fight it betterl '

Certainly men have much to gain oncc feminism achieves
its goals. So. for selﬁsh reasons, i should support feminism,
and how good i am (we are) at being selﬁsh! Of course, one
could add, i (we) have much to lose, too, since we are the
privileged “oppressors.” in truth, however, i don't believe
we really have anything to lose except hollow privileges that
don’t belong to us and that i don't think we really want.
(That's easy to SAY isn't it?) I think 1 support the goals of
feminism (whatever we may define them to be)
wholeheartedly. i think i am against sexism, ageism, racism.
and other heinous isms. even though there are learned
vestiges within me that make me, to some extent, racist, sex-
ist, agcist. etc. i. the white male, receive the immediate
benefits from this system from the day i am born. 1 must
unlearn'my lesson, and attempt to throw off these beneﬁts.
comfortable as they are.

And there is a whole other set of questions. How much can
my political life be reflected in my personal life? Ah, now we
come to the most difﬁcult question. Even if i am “politically
correct" concerning feminism and racism and ageism, how.
much does it affect my day-to-day dealings with people?
How do i deal with women? it’s not: how do 1 deal with the
ERA, with abortion rights, with rape, etc., but how dol deal

with women? Myself. persorially. Well, this is a big door to
plow through. How. in f t, do i deal with men? Shouldn’t
my political (intellectual 'beliefs and my personal actions be
exactly lined up, side by side, ﬁtting together with a nerfecl
mesh? Shouldn't theycoincide EXACTLY? Yes! Do they?
"~ Well now. let’s be realistic. i say. i can’t have unlcarncd so
much that my actions are just perfect. can i? That would be
expecting too much, wouldn’t it? i mean. l'm trying, right?
. . .

 

There are too many questions that have no elem nnswur.
But here, at last, is what I believe. White males MUH'I‘ work
against the isms, both for selfish and selﬂess reasons. and for
the latter as much as humanly possible. This begins by
recognizing the privileges accorded to white turtles, and by
trying to understand the way that we have "oppressed" peo-
ple of color, womcn, etc. This understanding nill un-
doubtedly be an intellectual one at first, but we mmt get
beyond that to really FEEL that the imbalance in society is
wrong. Then we must get off our privileged butts and help, in
whatever ways we can. And, since the personal in political
and the political is personal, we must help in both political
and personal ways. This means recognizing how we (lL'ili with
people, and CONSCIOUSLY trying to throw off old modes
of behavior, learned isms, and treat people the way we want
to be treated in return (yes, that old Golden Rule).

it also means, however. that the white male must gut nu-

customed to being part of a struggle he is NOT lending! I
think this is an important key. The Civil Rights movement
has never been, should never be. a white-dominated struggle,
and whites must help and not hinder. And feminism is a
struggle fought primarily by women. Men must fight
alongside, must give'as much support as we can, but we must
recognize that we are not in charge here! We must get used to
being the followers for once. it's pretty difﬁcult; we‘ve been
in charge (orlsOme man has been) all of our lives. Suddenly
there is a woman at the head of the parade. Worse yet. there
are LOTS of women at the heads of lots of things, organizing
and reasoning and demanding and negotiating and simply
taking the responsibility for a social-political movcntcnt.
And we men aren't used to that. i feel that we often have a
hard time being feminists because as soon as we become part
of any struggle we expect to run the whole danPcrhaps this is
the ﬁrst bit of understanding,‘to give up that privilege and
that power, to learn from and follow and look up to women!
‘What a wonderful new idea! (How wonderful to hear a little
boy say that when he grows up he wants to be just like Sally
the, or Harriet Tubman. or Holly Near, or Sonia Johnson.
or Libby Postl)

And so i call myself a feminist, although not usually itt
print. And as you have read,7_l_ have more questions than
answers. But 1 D0 think a man can be a feminist, and more
than that, he SHOULD be one. ’ ’

David Janower is a professor in the Department of A'I'HAft‘
a! SUNYA. ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

