 

 

 

 

 

ﬂ

immutqu V _

o;

18- SpoﬂseAL‘BANY‘STUDE/VT PRESS_’ FRIDAY. MARCH 30. I984

‘  HN  much.
SPORTING GOODS

330 Central Ave. , . -
(Located nextto Le Fat Cat)

- T-SHIRTSX JERSEYS FOR SOFTBALL IN STOCK
LETTERING DONE ON PREMISES
BALLS _- BATS - GLOVES - SHOES
RACQUETBALL EQUIPMENT
SHOES AND CLOTHING _
t We have all yourrintramural sports needs. *
ALL AT DISCOUNTED PRICES I
9-5130 MOM-FRI. / THURS. TILL 8:00 / SAT. 9-5

463-221 1

 

 

 

 

ANNOUNCING THE JAMES A. WARDEN
’ SCHOLAR - ATHLETE AWARD
The James A. Warden Scholarship Committee in-
vites students, men and women. to apply for a
minimel grant of $209 awarded each spring. The
criteria governing selection are listed below in
descending order of importance.
1. Scholarship
2. Involvement in athletics not necessarily at varsity levels.
3. Service to others.
4. Involvement in college activities.
5. Need.
6. Incoming frosh or any underclass person.
interested students may apply by submitting the following
itelns to the Director of the Division of Physical Education.
Athletics and Reereation(DP£AR) by April 2.
l. A letter ' _ those ,. ' “ ‘l and that
make you a vieble candidate. ‘
2. Three letters a! recommendation from College and High School faculty

rnernlrere or oﬂlclsle.
3. Four copies of your SUNYA transcript.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Open Seven Dsye A Week
Phone 434-6854

Corner ol canton and Ouell
items at Pelican Power

Attitude Adjustment Hour
4 - 7 Mon. --Frl.

SHUFFLEBOARD
IMMEDIATE SPORTS RESULTS

Food Served till 3:30
TAKE OUT AVAILABLE

IIEAI. surrALe S'I'YLE
emequ wines 

I'UEI lADIES IIGIII Q-II
ledles drlnlls hell prtee

WED REAL HAI’SIIGII'I'
ne eulehe here but -
r _‘ I ~ ‘ *‘ "‘CEIOI’I O-II' .‘ou
 ‘Hl‘ﬂl. VII“: ’r'. 35.5
A ' ' l2.” pitcher: ‘ V . :I3-55.
Fl“ Inn ueeen rues-In ' '
IMI 'I-l VIIIdy D-II
SUI BLOOIIIl-A-IUGII I. Ole

 

Netmen. take on Skldmore-

dBack Page
poratcd in my program."

Scrbalik led the team to the conference
championships in his first year as coach.
Given his success. it wouldn‘t be surprising if
a friendly rivalry ensued. No such thing oc-

‘ cured. Said Lewis. “There's no rivalry; Jim

did me a favor. i would love to have him as
an assistant."

Co-captaln Ulrich feels that if the team
plays up to its potential, they will do very
well. “I want to have a good season." said
Ulrich. “I want to go out on a winning note.
I’ve been playing tennis since high school.

and it won’t feel right when i stop. I just
hope that Rob Karen does well this year.
We've been together for four years, and it
would be nice if we could both make it to the
Nationals.“

With a team made up of mostly
sophomores. you wouldn’t expect great
things from them. But when that same team
has won the SUNYACs ﬁve consecutive
years. opponents must feel a touch of
resignation that Albany will probably con-
tinue to bc a powerhouse for years to
come. ‘9

Danes travel road to respect

«Back Page

Two of the seniors, Bob Conklin and Chris
Fletcher will act as captains of the team. Con-
klin, a two-time All-SUNYAC third
baseman. was asked to move to the outfield
this season.

“i felt it was the best for our team."said
Zaloom. “Bob has excellent range and he
looks great out there in practice. He's (Fict-
chcr) got experience. athletic ability. speed.
strength and savvy.”

“They (Conklin and Fletcher) are both
good athletes and they provide good leader-
ship out there. Leadership is important with

a spring sport for ‘Spring brings out

mischicf’ as Robert Frost said. especially in
college students."

Although the lineup is still undecided there
is a possibility that the inﬁeld may contain a
junior. a sophomore and two freshmen. But
this does not dim Zaloom's hopes for the
season.

Said Zaloom."l’m going to be optimistic.
We do have a young infield but in the middle

position we do have experience. Tony Torres-

is a junior and he isa headsy second
baseman. Dave Thclcman is a good short-
stop. Thc middle is where defense matters
most. Whoever will start on the two corners
will have good sticks and that is what you
want on the corners."

The pitching staff is another area on the
team where experience is not abundant. Five
out of the ten pitchers on the staff are
freshmen and the absence of pre-scason
games will definitely be to their disadvantage.

Even though he is skippering such a young
squad Zaloom is refusing to consider this a
rebuilding year. “i don’t like to build I’m not

SPORTS BRIEFS

Ursprung honored

Albany basketball player Adam
Ursprttng was named to the New York State
All-Freshman team. Ursprung led the
Dancs in rebounding with a 6.6 average its
well as scoring 9.6 points per game.

()thcr SUNY conl'crcncc players lIttll
wcrc named to thc All-Freshman team were
()nconta‘s .lolm libttnks ttnd Kcvin
l.ttwrcncc.

Upcoming events

'l'hc tncn's tcnnis team will opcn thcir
xcttson indoors ut Skidtnorc, tomorrow
ttl'lct'noon.

\chthcr pcrmitting:

Tltc Alban) Stutc lttcrossc tctun will mnkc
thcir scuson dcbul tomorrow ttgttinst Sicntt.
at l p.tn. on University l'icld...'f|tc Album
Stittc buscbttll tctnn commcnccs thclr 1984
campaign Monday afternoon vs. llurtwick
on University t'icltl...Thc wotncn's sol'lhttll
tcttm trttvcls to l’ztcc on Monday to start
thclr scnson.

Gotham postponed

Thc Gotham Stttkcs. originally scltctlttlcd
to be run this Saturday at Aqueduct. will be
postponed until Saturday. April 7. The
New York Racing Association made this
decision due to the recent snow in the
metropolitan area. which altered many

 

 

 

_ horscs' training schedules.

a builder.” said Zaloom. " Building is a cop
out. I try to win I don‘t have the patience to
build I will play the best people at each posi-
tion if a senior is better than a freshman he
will play ."

lf University Field is in fact not ready to be
used for a week the Danes’ season will be
shortened considerably. In that first week
they are scheduled to host seven games. In-
cluded arc doubleheaders against conference
rivals Cortland and Binghamton. The con-
fcrcncc games along with contests with Le-
Moyne and Colgate will be the Danes'
toughest competition according to Zaloom.

Zaloom docs think that this team has the
intangible qualities to win. "Character is our
strength.We are very much united. If you are
going to succeed as a team you will need uni-
ty first,”hc said.

When the weather permits the Danes will
be outside doing what they do best: hitting,
fielding and running as they travel down the
road to respect. [:1

<Back Page

spring. Other interesting matchups include
the SUNY clashes with Oneonta and
Binghamton at home in the latter half of the
season.

All the conditioning. practicing and plann-
ing will be put aside next Tuesday when the
Dane nctwomcn open their season against
Skidmore at Saratoga. If this team gives the
same effort it displayed last fall, they will no
doubt wind up on top. Cl

According to horse racing consultant
Eric Naglcr this will put the Gotham two
weeks before the Wood Memorial likc it
was in past years. Naglcr docs not believe
that this will hinder any horses chances in
the Triple Crown classics which start the
first Saturday in May with tho Kcntucky
Dcrby ttt Churchill Downs.

 

 

UPS
The Gotham Mlle has been postponed
until April 7.

 

 

 

 

By Mark Wllgard
xmlr WRITE/t

This season promises to bc a very cxciting
onc for the Albany State men's lacrosse
team. The Danes are coming off their best
scttson cvcr (8-4 record. sccond place in the
conference). and thcrc‘s rcason to bclicvc
that this year's team will progrss cvcn furthcr
in tho ncxt'fcw wccks.

First your coach Gary Campbell has in
hcritcd a squad loaded with talent and ex-
pcricncc. The Bones will have sixlccn return-
ing lcttcrmcn while only it couplc of stnrlcrs
have graduated. “We're not going to cltttngc
a wholc lot." says Campbcll. "Wc‘ll kccp
doing the things that workcd for us last
ycttr."

Albany ilppL‘ill‘S to bc strongest at thc mid-
field position. In ttddition to such standouts
its Rick Tri7ttno and Richard Sturacc. thc
Dttncs httvc bolstcrcd up this position with
tltc arrival of transfer Davc Hamilton.
Cttmpbcll notcs, "Hc'll help us u lot ol'l‘cn-
xivcly. and colnbincd with thc cxpcricncc of
Ihc olltct's, our transition gtunc should itn-
provc."

Senior lt'i-cttptttin Don (‘usttdontc rcturns
to lcttd ttn cxplosivc Grcttl Dunc attack. llob
\’cnicr. Duvc Ccrny. and .lim McPut‘tlin join
('ttstttlontc to form the ttnclctts of a solid
l'tont linc. All four arc coming off big ycttrs.
Ccrny slttrtcd illi tt ft'cshnntn lust ycttr. and
“hits mttdc trctncndous stritlcs." according
to Cttmpbcll. “if hc kccps it up. that will hclp
us ottl a lot." _

Thc dcl'cnsc is lcd by Ihc squttd‘s two othcr
cttplulns. Pclcr Wong and Joe Campbell.
Alttn Cornfield will be in goal us the Dancs
ttppcur to bc strong at this position. Couch
Campbell cxpccts lhc dcl'cnsc “Io kccp oppo-
ncnl scorcs down to a minimum."

In 1983. Albany finished sccond in thc
conl'crcncc. their highest finish cvcr. it was
the first time the tcam eclipsed the .500 lcvcl.
and they wore also ttndcfcatcd at homc.
Cttmpbcll slzttcs.“Wc hopc to pick up right
where we lcft off. Wc want to crasc Iltc losscs
from lost your and continue to bout the teams

Cortland is the team to beat in the con-
l‘crcncc. Gcncsco. Oswcgo. Buffalo State.
Onconta. and Potsdam will also provide
tough competition. Campbell has set some
long term goals for his tcum: to win the con-
ference and lo kccp the NCAA Division Ill
playoffs in mind. “It would he nlcc to break

J I

 

FRIDA Y, ‘MARCH 30. 1984 l 7 ALBANY STUDENTPRESS  

tltc hallonal sccnc." snid Campbell.
Wcathcr permitting. the opcning game is
sct for I P.M. tomorrow at University Ficld
against the Sicna Indians. Thc Danes hcld a
scrimmage 011 Tuesday and appcar to bc
rcttdy. “Thc scrimmage gave us a gauge on
where we Stand.“ notcd Compbcll.“Wc
played a real strong Hudson Valley team. and

’ l

1 New coach leads stickmen in tomorrow’s debut

for the ﬁrst time out. things went vcry well."
it‘s obvious Coach Campbell has great cx-
pcctations for his team in I984. lint. as ho
s:tys."\Vc havc thc talcnt and mental attitude
nccdcd to win. If we outhustlc our opponents
and beat thcnt lo groundhalls. the goals are
going to come. Wc'll comc up with th
wins.” 

 

Trl-captlan Don Casadonte will be looking to lead the lacrosse team to a succes

in the conference and ended up with a best-ever mark oi 8-4.

' _ .' urs
siul season. Last year's learn linlshed second ‘

HOYas vs. Wildcats: The battle in'SeattIe,vp_¢ig”,ﬁ

Scull/e
(AP) Kcntucky (‘ottch .loc I}. llnll refuses to
shy whcthcr hc thinks John Thompson’s
(lcorgctown lloyus play dirty. llc'tl rttlhcr ch
the officials answer that qucstion.

“I don‘t think it really tnttttcrs what we
think." Hall said \\’cdncsdtiy. “It's up to thc
officials to cull Ihc gtunc. lt's Ihcir job.

“l’coplc ttrc cntitlctl to sit} lltc things Illttl
Iltcy say ttbout us as long its thcy ttntlcrstttnd
that other pcoplc ttrc L‘lllIlIL'tI to rcmttin
silcnl."

Thc lhird-rttnkctl Wildcats. 29-4, ntcct No.
2 (icorgctown. 32-3, Suturdtty in Ihc
semifinals of thc NCAA bttskctbttll tourna-
mcnt following the gttmc bctwccn unrttnkctl
Virginia. 21-1 1. and No. 5 Housont. 3l-4.

The winners play Monday night to (lctcr-
tninc the national collcgitttc championship.

“It's ottr job to play thc gttmc. and that's
what we intend to do." Hall said by
tclcphonc hookup. “Wc'rc not thcrc to of-
ficiatc.” _

Thompson. who has said he rcscnls im—
plications that his Hoyas play like thugs. was
the only coach at the news conference and
told reporters he hopes none of the officials
arrived in Seattle with preconceived notions
about Gcorgctown's style of play.

He likened the situation to prejudicial
publicity before a trial. “The only problem I
have with being called aggressive and in-
timidating . . . is that l ccrainly hope the
people who are calling the game aren‘t pick-
ing this stuff up and coming in with a
predetermined idea about it." Thompson
said.

Ncithcr Coach Gerry Holland of Virginia
nor Guy Lewis of Houston said he could see
anything improper about Georgetown's style
of play.

“Georgetown plays a very physical brand
of basketball like all of us would like our
teams to play." Holland said.

I‘l admire their team myself." added
Lewis. “They look very aggressive and play
good defense. i see nothing wrong with the
way they play."

lioth Thompson and llttll tIl‘L‘u‘ lttttghlcr on
two Llil'l'ct’cnt sttbjccts.

Hull's tcttm is ltcutlcd by thc tncnttcing
“'l'win ’l‘owcrs" of 7-t'oot-l Stun Bowic and
(t-l‘oot-l'l Mclvin 'l'ut'pin.

"I don‘t consitlcr its physical at all" hc
said” mold lttuglttcr. “Wc'rc tt fincssc bull
club.“

Thompson. who \ctptcstcrs his tctttn in dill.

l'crcnt locations uhilc on thc mud in tin nt-
lctnpl to kccp its conccntrtttion high. rcl'usud
to divulge wltct‘c his lioth \\ct'c staying this
\vcck. '

“l'm going to httvc u tut'tlc ,on that
subjccl." hc said “till it \tnilc. “l catnft givc
you that information l‘tcc bccttttsc l‘\'c

ttlrczttly rcotl thrcc tiil‘l'crcnt plticcs whct'c
\\c't'c staying. onc ol' thcnr lacing tlic hotcl
ultct‘c uc't'c at right now." V ~' ..

IIUIIillltl tttlkctl about-trying" to ticfcnd
Houston's slur ccntcr. Akcctn Olttjuwon.
\\ ho \cttl'ctl 29 points in thc('ougttt'.\' victory
mcr Watkc l’ot'csl lttst \\’L‘t}I\'éllLI to gcl to thc.
l‘lnt‘tl l’our, ‘

“i think it was onc of thc’l'inco gtnncs Ihnt
l‘\‘c cvcr HL‘L‘II ll big mun httw.‘.‘ llollnnd \llitl.
“Il’ ltc plttys likc thttt ttgttinsl us. \\c'l| bc.
packing it in to go bttck lo ('hm‘loltcwillc."

l.c\\'i\. whosc (‘ougtus lost in thc NCAA
finals to North (‘ttrolin Situc in Alhnqttcr-
qnc. N.M.. lttst scttson. hcttpcd prttisc on
undct'tlog Virginia. it lcum Houston bcut this
scttson 74-65. '

“It's going to bc a grcnt bttll gtttnc.“ I.c\\is
said. “I think Virginia is \cry cttptlltlc of
boating us ttnd I think thcy‘rc \‘L‘l_\' cttptthlc of
winning it till. Thcrc's no way \\c'rc looking
past them. Not on your life."

Hall called the ability of point guttrd Dicky
Bcal Io cotnc back from urthroscopic kncc
surgery August 26 as :t kcy to Kentucky's cs-
ccllcnl season.

“There were many times during thc season
that it appeared like he might not be able to
make it at all and might not be a factor."
Hall said. “But thc last nine games be has
really come on and played great for us.

"His recovery has really meant a lot to us.
Hc‘s bccomc the leader of our team. the in-
spiration of our team. the spirit of our team
and the bulkpf our spccd. hc's thc lcadcr off-
cnsivcly and defensively?“

Thompson said he felt the Gcorgctown-
Kentucky matchup was more titan just a
battle between 7-foot Patrick Ewing of thc
Hoyas and the gigantic duo of Bowie and
Tttrpin. '

“You always hear about the center posi-
tion bccttusc those three players are cxccp-
tional players." he noted. “But I think
you're going to havc a good Georgetown
haskctball‘team playing against a ‘good Ken:
lucky basketball team. So there's going to be

H.

other things involved." I ,r

 

