q:— ~e

 

 

  

  

 DOI‘

 



' APRIL 3.1984

 
 

Hoyas defeat Cougars, in title game

. Sea/lie
(AP) Gcorgetown‘s depth paid off in its first
NCAA basketball cirarnpionship Monday
night as freshmen reserves Reggie Williams
and Michael Graham led the way in a 84-75
victory over Houston.

The dream rnatchup between the two
7-l'oot Ali-Americans. Georgetown's Patrick
Ewing and Houston's Akccm Olajuwon. was
never a.kcy. Both were in foul trouble much
of the game and played cautiously.

It marked the second straight Iimc Coach
Guy Lcwis‘ Cougars lost the championship
game. havingI been upset by Nortir Carolina
State 54-52 last year. Houston also reached
lltc l-inai Four in l967. '68 and ‘tli.

(icorgctown's coaeit. .lohn Thompson,
and his players crubraced joyfully as the final

, seconds ticked off. the memories of a runner-
up finish to North Carolina in the I982 final
wiped away. But it was sorrow for Houston.
Oinjuwon and his Cougar teammates sobhed
on the bench as time ran out.

Williams. a slender 6-7 swingman. scored

i3 of his I9 points in the second half and
Graham. a burly 6-9 forward. got ll) of his I4
poitrts in the second hall". The freshmen corri-
birrcd for II of (icot'gclowtt's 15 field goals
al'ier intermission.

Georgetown had three other players in
dottblc figures. led by David Wingutc with i6
points. Most of his cigitt second-half points
came on free-throws down the stretch.
Michael Jackson ltad It points and Ewing
added it). _

Sophomore guard Alvin Franklin, who
kept Houston in the game ai'ter the intermis-
sion, was the top scorer with 2| points.
followed by Michael Young with 18 and Ola:
juwon with l5.

Tltc depth of the Hoyas, who finished
34-3. was never more evident than in the final

7:15 of" the first half. Ewing was on the bench '

with two fonts. while Oiajuwon picked up his
second and third personals. Olajuwon picked
up his i'ourth foul less than a minute into the

Danes triumph over Hartwick, 12-1 1

 

 

second half, and played tentativer the rest of
the way.

In winning their llth straight game and
2lst ol‘ the last 22. the second-ranked Hoyas
culminated the rebttiiding program that
Thompson began when he took over a 3-23
club in I972. The former backup center for
the Boston Celtics has been criticized t'or
sortie of his tactics on arid off the court. but
he said al'tcr tltc championship victory that
“the bottom line is that my kids graduate."

 

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Lire baseball team will host Binghamton today in a doubleheader. The Danes beat
“"w'cu- 12-11 yesterday In their season opener.

 

“I don't have a problem with people
criticizing us.“ he said. “I‘m not concerned
with my critics."

"I'm elated about winning the champion-
ship.“ Thompson continued. "but the
hardest thing is to get here. Anyone can win
one game."

For a while. it looked as if it would be
Houston winning that elusive "one game."

The Cougars. 32-5. hit their first seven
shots, including'threc field goals by Young

 

' ‘ V AP
Patrick Ewing etuife an attempted shot by Houston‘s Ricki Winslow in second half
of the NCAA final.

By Keith Marde
sport I.\' 1.111 nm ,

In a garlic that was shortened due to
darkness, iltc Albany State tncn‘s baseball
learn defeated Hartwick. iZ-ll. The Datrcs
fell behind three times but managed to fight
their \iiay back.

“It was a good will because we came from
behind on three separate occasions." said
Albany Manager lid Zaloom. "That shows
winning character. We felt it a little more
because it was come from behind."

Albany scored three runs in the bottom of
the seventh inning to turn an Ii-9 Hartwick
lead into a i2-ll Albany lcad that stood as
the game‘s final score.

Catcher Dave chnescy started the inning
off by receiving a base on balls. Dave
Thclcrnan then hit a single followed by a Bob
Conklin single. Cleanup hitter then took a
ball with a full count on him to force in a
rttn. This brought the Danes to within one.
lI-I0.

Jeff MaeEachron th’en reached first base-

safely on a bunt to knot the score at II.
Howie Hammond's RBI single accounted for
the. last score of the game. as Albany prevail-
ed I2-lI.

i-iartwiek drew first blood in this new
season by scoring a run in the top ofthe first.
In Albany's half of the first. shortstop
Theicman hit a single to right field. When the
Hartwick right fielder Keith Martin threw the
ball to second baseman .Iohn Hoagland.
Hoagiand bubbled the throw allowing
Theiernan to reach second safely. Theieman
tircn stole third base but was ich stranded.

The I-lartwick Icad ballooned up to 4-0 In
their half of the second inning as Albany's

and two by Reid Gettys to take a I4-6 Icad.
But Georgetown came back to tie it at I4 and
again at I6 before taking the lead for good.

The Hoyas went into the locker room
leading 40-30 at halftime behind a basket by
Jackson and two by Wingatc. They led by l2
twice early in the second half. the last at
44-32 before Olajuwon connected.

While the Nigerian Ail-American was sit-
ting down for six ruinutes. Franklin picked
up the slack with his jumper cutting the
Georgetown margin to SI-47 with I3:56 to
play. Franklin continued to drive the middle
but the shooting of Williams and Graham
held off the Southwest Conference cham-
pions.

Houston three other times cttt the margin
to I'ive'points.iite last on a field goal by Eric
Dickens to make it 72-67. The Hoyas Inadc
good on the free-throw “lie down the stretch.
as they snapped the Cougars‘ six~gantc winn-
ing streak.

Houston could take sortie consolation irt
rolling up 75 points against the Hoya
defense. which had held opponents to art
average of 57.4 points in previous games this
season.

Georgetown. champions of the Big East.
usually uses It) players but had to to without
standout defensive guard Gene Smith. who
suffered a sprained right foot in a 53-40 vic-
tory ovcr Kentucky in the semifinals Satur-
day.

While Ewing was sitting down to avoid l'ur~
thcr foul problems late in the first .half. Ola—
juwon picked up his second and third per-
sonais before sitting out the last 42 seconds of
the italf. This marked the first time in four
tournament games that Olajuwon did not
play the entire game.

Ewing got his third personal with I2:08 to
go and Georgetown leading 55-49. But he
went out for only about a rninttte ju3t before
Franklin's two free throws cut the Houston
deficit to 57-54.

Neither Ewing nor Olajuwon l‘ouied out.
Ewing. named the game‘s Most Outstanding
Player. finished with three personals. E]

in opener

pitcher Tom McCarthy hit John Harkins
with a pitch. liarkins then stole second base.
Hurtwick's next batter. I-ioagland. walked
and when Iicnnescy could not find the ball
whicit had rolled under the-home plate urn-
pirc. iiarkins advanced. A wild pitch by Mc-
Carthy allowed Harkins to scorc. ' After
another Albany error, iioagiand scored.
David Scrido hit a double that ended Hart-
wick's scoring in the second.

Albany got out of the inning when third
baseman Hammond made a diving stab. I.ch
fielder (lrcg Vinson hit a rocket line drive
down to Hammond who tirade a beautiful
play on the potential extra-base hit.

in the bottom half of' the second inning the
Danes' offense then opened tip their season.
Hammond then showed that he was a two-
dimcnsiorrai player.

He started the Albany rally in the bottom
of the second inning with a single. He was
driven home by second baseman Tony Torres
who just missed hitting the center field wall
with his RBI two bugger. Hennescy walked to
give the Danes first and second with two
outs. Designated hitter Fred Saccocio also
walked to load the bases for Theiernan.

Hartwick's calehcr. Steve Conti. commit-
led a cardinal sin. He tried to pick Saccoeio
with the bases loaded and two outs. His cr-
rant throw sailed over first baseman Mark
Pearson‘s bead and allowed two Dane runs
to cross the plate. This made the score. 4-3
Hartwick.

Harlwick extended their lead to 53 in the
third when Kile Henry tagged up on a
Harkins fly that took the Albany defender to
the wall.

21>

  
  
  
 
  

 

’ ENDORSEMENT

 

 President: Tim Hallock ‘

 

Tlm Hallock has a refreshing activist
approach and a .good working
knowledge of all areas of student
government. The endorsement board
unanimously felt Hallock would provide
the leadership and accessibility that
Rich Schatier has not demonstrated in

.Haiiock had viable plans of action the

While other candidates relied heavily
on a “personable approach" or people'
inherent goodness as a means of work'-
Ing with the university administration:
we feel would effectively use student
power.

SA needs to be shaken up by new
blood and fresh ideas. Hallock Is the
candidate to do this. He's not currently
involved with the Internal politics of SA.
yet, through quad board and the off-

- campus board of directors. he's ac-

quired the experience and skills to run
SA well.
Hallock opposes a bus fee and is

."disgusted" by the recent 7.3 percent

UAS rate hike. We agree with him on
both of these issues.

Hallock offers a new two-tier ap~
proach to dealing with the SUNYA ad
ministration.

First. he would interact professionally
on a one-to-one basis with an ad-
ministrator. As chief spokesperson for
the students Hallock said he would br-
ing the results of much research Into the
meeting, as he apparently did during his
interview with us.

If compromise failed, Hallock would

move to a second tier — "the power of
numbers." Educated students would
lobby the administration with letters.
phone calls, and personal visits. The
strategy of recruiting groups of students
to lobby the SUNYA administration was
one that seemed sadly absent from this
year's executive branch.

Hallock astuteiy recognized that the
city should not be dealt with In the same
manner. City officials often do not have
an Immediate Interest In student con-
cerns. so activism might be less effec-
tive. and more easily Ignored. A positive
alternative Hallock suggested was
discussion with the Republican party,
which. like Student Association. is seek-
Ing better representation In city politics.
Hallock included activism as a last
resort for asserting student rights within
city government.

To recruit the numbers of students
necessary to carry ‘out his activist plans.
Hallock offered several. suggestions.
One idea Hallock discussed Is the for-
mation of a President's Action Commit:
tee to do a lot of the legwork required to
promote student activism and school
spirit. While his. proposal is slightly
unrealistic. we believe that with certain

ALI. 'rmoroe or tips

modifications this supplement to Can-
tral Council's Student Action Committee
could be useful.

Hallock regards quad boards as an
untapped resource for Interested and in-
formed students. He said quad boards
could be used for more political pur~
poses as well as the social functions
they now perform.

With his experience as a former In-
‘dlan Quad Board President. we feel
Hallock has the knowledge to. work
creatively with quad boards and use
them to their full potential. He sug-
gested an increased. although Informal.
role for the Interquad Council. This
could do much to Improve communica-
tion among the quad boards.

Although he emphasizes an enhanced
role for quad boards, Hallock has not
forgotten the concerns of off-campus
students. We noticed that he never fail-
ed to include some mention of off-
campus students every tlme he discuss‘
ed his ideas for increased student par-
ticipation. He stressed the need for
university-wide programming that would
Involve more students both on and off
campus.

CONTINUED ON PAGE do

his term as SA president.

 

 

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

SA ELECTIONS
SUPPLEMENT '

APRIL 6. I984

 

 

Rich Schatier

The main theme of Rich Schaffer's bid for reelection
Is “continuity.” For Schaffer, however. continuity Is
more of a liability than an asset. During the Interview.
he confirmed the worst suspicions of the board: that
he sees no problem In remaining a student politician,
Instead of becoming a more dynamic and accessible
student representative and leader.

Schaffer's position and method are not without their
advantages. His ex- . .
perience as current
SA president Is uni-
quely valuable. and
his depth of
knowledge is obvious-
Iy greater than that of
his opponents. As a
learned student ad-
vocate, his stands on
many issues are wor-
thy of praise.

in different areas of
discussion. however.
Schatier revealed that
he ls married to many
of the attitudes and practices which have caused

  

serious problems of accessibility and communication ’

within our student government this year. He claims to
have learned from these lessonsof his almost-past.
but clearly, he stiltWants and expects to play the game
his own way.

Schatier's views on dealing with the university and
city administrations prove his preference for personal
politics over student awareness and agltivlsm. "I know
my way around the university; i know the Ins and outs;
I know the personalities." he boasted. He seemed to
enioy describing his political dexterity within the
university; the ways he can maneuver through various
channels to circumvent higher authorities and sup-
posediy accomplish his goals. "Not evoryone (in the
administration) Is a puppet of President O'Leary." he
stated.

Where student spirit and activism come into play in
Schatier's scheme is difficult to figure out.

CONTINUED ON PAGE to

EVALUATIONS
Bill McCann

Bill McCann ls running for SA President because. as
a SUNYA student, he's seen “no visible signs of the
student government" this past year. However. while
McCann has enthusiasm and determination, and has
learned something about SA very quickly. his ideas are
vague and seem poorly conceived. He did not seem at
all qualified to be an SA President.

Stressing the importance of involving the average
student In SA. Mc-
Cann said he feels the
Quad Boards should
be more political,
since “students' lives
are centered around
their quads." He also
advocated sending

  

Central Council
members back to the
quads to learn the

students‘ feelings. but
was unclear on how
this would be ac-
complished. This Is an
old idea. and one
which never quite succeeds.

In support of student activism. McCann stated that
"when you're dealing with apathy. the administration
can write you off." However. his Ideas on activism are
hardly new, and his contention that “activism leads to
programming" is dubious and somewhat convoluted
In terms of the structure of SA.

McCann's major weaknesses are his lack of
awareness of minority and women's issues. and his
apparent lack of commitment to off-campus students.
He stated that he was pro-affirmative action. but
seemed to be unsure of what affirmative action was.
He expressed a willingness to work with the SA fund-
ed minority groups on campus. but at the same time
appeared unable to name any minority groups. Mc-
Cann also felt that he couldn't “infringe on the rights
on the majority" for the benefit of the minority. This
seemed questionable In view of his pro-affirmative ac-
tion stance.

CONTINUED ON PAGE 49

Willie Jones

Willie Jones exhibited to the board neither the
strong drive nor fresh ideas a candidate must possess
to become a capable SA president.

Although he is sincerely "out for every student that
pays an SA fee." he appears to lack the basic
knowledge and skills that the chief executive must br-
Ing to the Job. We feel that SA under his leadership
would be ineffective. and would not serve the student
population. I -

Jones' main In-
terest lies with off~
campus students, and
his only working
knowledge of SA
comes from his ex-
periences as an Off-
Campus Association
Board of Directors
member and as editor
of the OCA newslet-
ter. Downtown.

His “one
brainchild,"as he ca||~ ‘
ed it. is a proposal.for ‘I
SA. with possible assistance from the Office 0
Residential Life. to purchase a number of houses Off-
Campus and turn them Into a student housing co-op.
Necessary manintenance and up-keep would be pro-
vided by the residents. as would support services such
as cooking and cleaning. A professional coordinator
would be hired to oversee the project.

While we commend Jones for addressing the pro-
blems many off-campus students face when searching
for adequate housing. the proposal serves as a vivid
demonstration of the unrealistic attitude he would br-
lng to SA.

It Is completely unfeasibie for SA to consider such
an ambitious project given its current financial status.
and Residential Life would be unlikely to grant funds
to a project over which they had no control. even If
they had the funds to give.

His Ideas to revamp the bus schedule so that It Is
coordinated to fit the two different class schedules

JONTINUED ON PAGE 40

  

 

 

Referenda

 

 

Inside: Vice Presidents, Statements,

...l. “M”

 

 

‘— —- ~ -“-.v-w»a...a.w.gyh~ﬁh\. n.

- .11

. \ .-..-

4...?“ I. «be:

