  

“ mt-rfiirﬁitﬁaanbﬂtklp . z 4 .. .U

   

ith Black Hitit’ory Montli‘iﬁil tinder way-throughout the no.
tlon. the time is right to rcfleei. upon' the past. present and

‘ future circumstances of black" Americans. This occasslon

‘ ' marks approximately sixty years of couttttittncnt to'a dream of black

‘ 3 identity arid equality. a dream which has conte a long way. but still

has a way to go. A

The idea of commemorating the experiences and achievements of
black Americans began in tlte 1920's. when Carter 0. Woodson in-

" . itiatcd Negro History Week. it was an opportunity to celebrate the

l ' ‘- itiany diverse contributions of blacks throughout Anterican history.

‘ ; This was a lime when. in many parts of tile country. blacks were

I A ‘ regarded as second class citilcns. hardly considered equals to their

' , wltite peers. The visionof cconotnic. social and cttllttral equality ttnd

I respect Wits little more than that. a vision within iltc ltearts and

t ‘ itiinds of enlightened. good-hearted Americans.

t ’ The form and content of this.cottttncmoration have taken many
shapes over tltc decades. responding to tile changing times. ttnd the
growing self-awarent. ' of black Attterieans. The cltangc in ntimc
front Negro to hlaek reflects the shift in modern black consciousness
towards a more positive. Afro-American identity} The scope of

i celebrating black history ltas grown from noting the ae-

' cotuplislnncnts of black Americans to discovering tlte richness of

black identity ttnd culture.

  COLUMN

1'

 

 

With the presidential elections closing in. campus
political organizations are beginning to surface. Not
least visible are the College Republicans. A short time
ago they were on the front page of the ASP waving
banners in support of Ronald Reagan's reelection
plans. You also might have seen them tabling in the
campus center. and if you happen to have walked
within the periphery of their territory. they tnight itavc
asked you if you‘d like to“|carn about politics".

i‘Brian J aeobs J

Neatly stacked piles of Republican literatttrc
covered the table as party posters lined the wall
4. {it around. There was a portrait of Reagan in from of an
r ‘Amerlcan ﬂag or two. f\as\1\ngh\s proverblaily boy—\sh
;smile that .seems to be telling us to relax and trust him.
Another poster that cattght my eye was that of a
cornmy-pinko scare tactic rcminicent ofan earlier cold
tvar. This time they employed a sort of warped reverse-
psychology. stating that “The Soviet Union needs you:
Sttpport the nuclear freeze." or something to that ef-
fect. Well. i can’t help finding validity in the slogan. A
nuclear freeze would in fact ‘hclp' the Soviet Union.
Of course. on the other hand, it would also ‘help' the
United States and. for that matter.‘any other society
interested in survival.
With 50,000 nuclear weapons in the world. holding

 

 

  
 

 

  
  

the social status of black Americans

- ast twent cars. ,‘
"mm! m p y y civil rights movement of the 60 s

has improved tremendously. The ‘
brought to a head centuries of pressure for change. Americans of all

crecds were discovering and affirming the fundamental necessity of
black identity and equality. This movement ushercdin a whole new
era and a wlioie new conception of the black American.

it is difficult for those of us who never experienced it to imagine
the kind of ugly, unjust social system which was so lntcgrally woven
into the ftthrie of the American lifestyle for many years. and the
kind of senseless and shameful tnentality it perpetuated. it seems a
part of the past we should like to think has come to an end.

Unfortunately. that is far from the case. Although racism has
been mostly filtered ottt of our legal system. it still remains a strong
voice in the mentality of many Americans. And although sweeping
changes have been made to improve the lives of black Americans,
the rift Itetween blacks ttnd whites remains a substantial one.

Recent studies have clearly indicated that in many respects, blacks
are no better off economically than they were twenty years ago.
livery summer the frightening statistic is proclaimed: ﬁfty percent
unemployment among black teenagers. The unemployment rate for
blacks today is approximately seventeen percent. twice as high as the
national average. Attd the number of single parent black families
has risen dramatically during the past decade.

 

Republican Warning

the cquivalentof 20 billion tons of TNT. only a fool
would think we're not arming Ourselves into oblivion

The literatttre itself is equally misguided attd
myopic. Take for example. a hand-out that states
"College Republicans have bad news and good news:
The bad news: The Democrats have controlled Con-
gress for 25 years. The good news: We won't let it hap-
pen again!" But don't just take their word for it , they
have such intellectual bulldozers as Gerald Ford and
Jack Kemp to back it tip. The sheet goes on to say that
during those 25 years of control, the Democrats have
“left this country cconomieally(?) and strategically('?!)
weak. and unrespected in the nations which used to be

in awe of America." indeed. the U.S. is less respected

ihenit was just 20 or 30 years ago. But it is not. because
we have softened up economically or militarily as the
statement seems to imply. More likely our respect was
forfeited as we began to support regimes that can be
labelled by no other term than fascist. Countries like
the Philippines, South Korea. South Africa. El
Salvador. and Guatemala to name a few. We have also
lost respect by fighting a senseless war in Vietnam that
killed a few million Vietnamese, ravaged what was
once a beautiful country. and cost our own country
50,000 lives. None of this, ofcourse. is ever mentioned
in literature or the rhetoric of the College Republicans.
Their approach to politics has been so extraordinarily
short-sighted and callow, that they have relegated

 
 

   

. All the social and poil'tlcal change in the world cannot mﬂlti.‘ a
for this kind‘ of economic inequality. This is a nation In whit?
money is power. andii'te only true gateway to security and equality is
through the portals of the capitalistic system.

Another alarming development for black Americans has bectt the
election of Ronald Reagan. The surge to conservative mi,“ and
traditional. or reactionarythptjonallstic pride has brought with it a
return of the reactionary vita/s of our more racist pas],

Reaganomies has fulfilled the prophecy of bencfitting the riclt

r while oppresslng the poor. The ideal of racial intergratiun has been

betrayed by the Administration‘s notions of relying on the good in.
tentions of voluntary programﬁﬂhe Civil Rights Cnmtnittion
fornterly a haven from presidential pressure and a bastion afcivil
rights leadership. has been secured. and tragically Iransfonned into
a whitewashed front for Reagan's conservative tut-mam.

The black American community ltas suffered and struggled It)
achieve the respect it deserves. So much has been accomplished since
tltc days of Negro History week. A dream of liberty and equality w.“
born. and has blossotncd into a long-awaited affirmation of a entire
people.

lint the dream has yet to mature into tlte fruit of reality. ’I‘Ittnugh
the educational and eultttral avenues of Black History Mm“).
Americans black and white can come to appreciate the tlc\‘t‘lt)p|ugni;
of black history and identity in ottr shttrcd past. present amt run"...

The shameful truths of racism and inequality in this eonnttv llttnl
eotne to an end. The dream of freedom. pride and equality int a"
Atacrieaits must be forged into n political. social attd economic tctili~

ty.

themselves to be nothing tiiore than a mouth-piece lot
the‘chttblican candidates.

The naivete. however, goes beyond the collegiate
level. One need only glance at Rep. Philip t'tane's
“What are traditional GOP principles?" to lt‘llli/c
this. Take for. example, principle 4:

Americans must learn from tiic tragedy of
Vietnam. For one thing we tnttst choose to
fight where the threat to our freedom and
national security is beyond dispute. most
importantly, never again ask American
parents, wives and loved ones to sacrifice
their young men to any thing less than a
total commitment to victory.

.tlt truly is a shame. though. that the Cullen

Republicans find themselves followt’nLI sullt
philosophies, because healthy debate, independent
thought and party plurality are really our onlv alter-
native tfwe want intelligent leadership. Uni‘otttintttclt.
however, those ideals are too far down the road to lie
seen. And in the mean time, those who want to “lt‘ill'll
about politics" will have to go to the Political Science
department.

 

The author is editor in chief of WORLDWEW
magazine.

 

 

 

 

  
     
   
    

C" Romy mu. NFIJG

 

50, Like THié ToTaLLY
GRODY aQUa VeLVa.
(seek to m We MaLL.
ggpégtigeﬁ lite i8 5000
t , i iKe BaRFeD eoucaT'on.
Me 001', FeR 8HURR! I

  
 

How WOULD
I KNOW? We
NeveR HaD
BiLiNGuaL

   
  
 

   
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

mw.mmp

 

 

 

- moi -.'..

 

ﬂy”...

.4133" .H....... .....w.-.. ..

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

~ wr-‘eirzmnmmwu x-m-«u—w 

 

 

 

   
   
   
  

+9,» ._ _

   

-.;»su_.gg. .

Av.‘.r.—_ .. %.

  
  

1».

   

l

..:,..~......W——” _, '—
I > I J n- -.r

