  
  

“'

{a ; ~'

 

Q. ASPECTS "

St. Patrick's Day. It Is that everyone

wears green and pretends they are
Irish. I mean come on. If they really want tti
be Irish (artd l dott't blame them if they really
want to). then be Irish 365 days a year. rtot
Just the one day tltat happens to be the big»
gest holiday since Christmas.

Patricia Mitchell

That's the reason I don't wear green on St.
Pat's Day (yes. I ant good friends wltlt Itlm).
Especially at SUNYA. where the proportion
of Jewish students is abour 69.9 percent.
Orte day a year. the non»lrislt wear green.
and think rt's great to drink sltots of Irish
whiskey and mugs of green beer. Just one
day ayear. those poor people find out wltat
It's like to be Irish. Me. I'm Irish attd I do tltat
stuff 365 days a year. 26 hours a day.

Someone once told the that I was a typical
Irish Catholic girl. I didn't think it was that
noticeable. but red hair (well. when I'm lit
the sun). freckles arid pale skin I guess does
kinda give me away But what really makes
me Irish are my "roots." "

I I there Is one thing I' don't' like about

 

 

My dad's parettts immigrated to America
at about the time of World War I. My grand‘
mother was front Armagh. and tny great
grandfather was from Sligo. My dad said that
it wasn't that his parents couldn't tnake a liv-
ing over there. but that they came over here
to light in the wars.

My dad is big on two things- being Irish
and fighting in World War II. My mom
doesn't like to hear any of that: she says she
already knows his history. She's Irish. too.
bur I guess she just isrt't as fanatical as he is.

For example:

“In Ireland. you never fight with your sister
over who's going to go out and dig the
breakfast." he says.

"Don't talk to me about potatoes. Michael.
I used to walk behind the potato picker. and
pick up all the potatoes. I've seen more

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

potatoes |n_tny lifetime than you would ever
hope to," she says back. Maybe that's wlty I
don't like potatoes.

And when I was tellirtg ltitn about my
writing this story. he said. 'fl'll tell you what
to write- that all the boys itt WWII who won
Congressional medals of honor were Irislt."

I heard tny rnont itt the background. say-
irtg "I don't want to hear about it, Michael.
cut it out."

But. it's trot just my parents who are pro-
Irish. When my sister brought home her
boyfriend a few years ago. ttty mother's
tnotn didtt't like hint. She newt met him- it's
jyst that he was Greek l-Ie sitttply wasn't
lrislt. artd that was the fatal blow against him.

My mt tn comes front a little township in
Central New York (we're from Syracuse)
Called Navaratto. and most of her fatnin still
live around there Her brother still larrtts ottt

,. . A Codble' Of Colleen:

" C°nfessionsz-olteen

 

 

 

 

  

[MARCH 16. I984

 

there. and I guess he's rather famous. His
sons call him Big Daddy. and his neighbors
call his family's ollgopoly on farming the Irish
Mafia.

So. I get it from all sides: no matter how
you look at it. It still comes up Irish. .
But what‘s a nice lrislt girl like me doing in

a place like tltis? ,

At first. I actually didn't know why I came
to SUNYA. Being an obvious minority Irt a
predominantly Jewish school cart really un—
nerve your sense of self. I was irntnediately
surrounded by people with funny accents
speaking of a place where I had never been
as if It was tlte center of the universe. What's
a girl gonna do?

What's art Irish girl gonna do?

Like my dad said. his fatnin came here to‘
fight, I almost gave up: Why go tltrough the

 

hassle? But. no. I ended up fighting. The
how and why Isn‘t really Important- It just
happened and I'm not going to bother with
it, The important thing is that I'm still here.
and I probably have a better sense of self
than when I started,

For example. I know there are certain
things about being Irish that I like.

Being able to drink beer 365 days a year.
not just on St. Patrick‘s Day.

Being Irish 365 days a year. rtor just when
everyone else thinks Its fun to get drunk on
green beer and hang our In pseudo-Irish
bars.

Irish whiskey.

Irish coffee.

Irish stew.

Potatoes. Sometimes.

Going back to Ireland someday. and
maybe looking up some distant re'at: res.

Irish accents.

An uncle who's a famous (or maybe In-
famous) farmer.

Red hair and freckles.

Tons of relatives. Especially on Christmas.

The green afghan hanging out on my
mother‘s coach, Arfamily friend made it for
her a few years ago in an Irish crochet stitch
that a nun taught her. Defirtirely a one of a
kind.

Telling my parents about my friends. and
then making them happy trying to figure out
If they're Irish.

The duty of possibly marrying an Irish boy
someday, I know there Is going to be no way
that I can't.

And especially. Irish wakes. Now tltat's
the way I want to go- the lrislt really know
how to say good-bye to their friends artd
family.

But even so: there is still no way itt hell
that I'm going to wear green on St. Patrick's
day. Or drink green beer. Have you ever
had that stuff? Every kind of body function
for at least the next week is green. no matter
what it Is....

Since We’re All Being Irish Together. . .

hate green It's one of nty least
I favorite colors. I have one green

sweater that sits In my closet all
year long. ready to be dragged ottt
every Marclt 17th. Then I try to
celebrate nty heritage. (I am Irish.
although on St Patrick's (lay it doesn't
seem to :ttatter what nationality you
are) itt a sweater I despise.

 

Jeanne Canavan

 

Now. when you consider virtually

’ half of your outfit to be ugly. it's hard to

feel attractive and care-free. but I give it
a try. It Is perhaps a consequence of this
predicament that I start drinking before
noon —— a practice that I dott't follow at
any other time of year. That means my
hangover begins to develop. oh.
around 9:00 pm. It is around this time
that I step outside for a breath of fresh
air and see my "fellow ltishnten"
sprawled all over the sidewalk. with
their faces the same putrid green co'lot
as my sweater.

"Top o' the rttorrtittg." I say brightly to
these pseudo-Irish party animals. The
response is less than friendly: irt fact. if
these people were capable of move-
ment I could possibly be irt trouble. But I
don't think they're feeling too chipper.
What do they know about St. Patrick's
day artyway? It's just their excuse for
getting alcoltolically annihilated.

In Ireland. March 17th is a religious
holiday — in fact. the pubs are closed all
day. So actually. the only people who
see “little green men" and the like are in
our own fair country. Speaking of green
(we always seem to return to that rancid
color). I find green beer to be a rather
sickening concept. but the green beer

duetsuscﬁsons m..ei.ut.iiersil.i.7titit3m. -

 

 

 

 

 

 

ntore disgusting (and more green. if
that's possible) when viewed "on the
way back up" on Marclt 18th.
Disgusting but true. such vivid colora-
tiott Is hard to face itt the “wee hours of
the morning."

Let's look at some other Americaniz-
ed St. Patrick's Day customs. I know a
girl who looks forward to the 17th so
she cart replace her kelly green rabbit
foot key chain. I guess the fur was get
ting dingy. or maybe the toenails were
wearing down. I get rather sentimental
about this meaningful custom of limb

 

lot of three-legged rabbits
around at Eastertime. Futtny, I never
noticed before.

ntust be

I also look forward to wearing those
shiny green plastic bowler hats — its
gives me quite a thrill to place one on
my head and join the ranks of the tacky
parade-watchers. You know who they
are — they're the people with blond
Itatr. blue eyes. and “Kiss me. I'm Irish"
pins on. They watch the parade and
pretend to be interested in firemen and
high school bands and bagpipes. Now

 

am utation of a cuddl anirml —~ Item ' —~ '
....i2-._...-.....s.u...ii......;a.m..ie.§.se..i1<3r€it.....are.Tension “.vs. .

lrisltrnep. aren't we? I,_t
‘..;_. . '4'. ."l. .‘Ar . . ’ . Ho"

minutes. a bagpipe battd begins to
sound ntore like a group of whining
three-year-olds than musical In»
strumettts. If these people really en-
joyed the sound of bagpipes. they're
listen to them more than once a year.

I have only one goal this St. Patrick's

V Day. I don't care If I cart drink as much

as everyone else or not. because I ltave
a purpose. I'm going to find out what
those hairy-legged lrisltnten wear under
their kilts. I believe that we have the

right to know. After all. we're all
"I

   
 

 

 

pride. but I refuse to allow myself to be
overcome by the Orgiastlc Hoopla sur-
ounding a celebration which is undoubtably
n unfortunate distortion of good sense and a
tockery of good taste. If you haven't already
uessed, I'm speaking about. of course. St.
airick's Day.

I suppose It's merely a matter of Ineffable

 

Joe Fusco

_____.__———————_
For years I've watched average. everyday
people. some of them Irish. most of them not.
treat March 17 as something Just this side of
the Second Coming. As if being Irish was the
greatest thing that could ever happen to a
soul. Well. at the risk of offending a sizable
number of O’People. I think we've been had.
First of all. after centuries of history, just
about all the Irish have been able to come up
with In the Hero Deparment is a guy named
Patrick who chases snakes. And so It is for this
reason that a whole lot of folks wear light
green. dark green. olive green. pine green.
blue-green. drink green beer. yellow beer.
light beer. dark beer. wear buttons that plead.
“Kiss me. I'm Irish." and generate a disturbing
amount of noise. '

I think we've been had.

Irish tradition. and this is a grody-to-the-
max mystery to me. decrees that anyone who
kisses the Blarney Stone will be blessed’ with
inordinate amounts of good luck. Really!

I think we've been bad.

Everyone knows you don't kiss a stone for
good luck,

Everyone know you don't kiss a stone for
bad luck.

Everyone know you don't kiss a stone.

Certain things are better left to fools and
Irisltmert and the overstuffed ceremony of in-
sanity of St. Patrick's Day Is one of them. Its
significance, If any. is disproportionate to the
energy spent mainly on sartorial conformity
and inebrlatlve recklessness. Even the fact that
such a fine publication as Aspects would
devote an entire issue to this trivial holiday falls
short of its already high journalistic standards.

Unfortunately. these lapses find their way
lttto the mainstream of society. Thus. St.
Patrick. his descendants. and would-be green
smurfs command the attention of nearly
everyone.

 

./

'
.‘
- \

s *_

/
‘3‘ 

  

 

I've said that a disproportionate amount of
attention Is paid to St. Patrick and I'm curious
as to how the rest of the Holy Club handles
their colleague's headline grabbing antics.
After all. aspirin was the only thing St. Joseph
could mangge. I might also add that It Is pro-
bably the case that Mohammad, Moses. and
Buddha would like a word in edgewlse.

I'm not Irish and I'll admit to a certain
amount of Jealousy. What makes this Irish
holiday so special? Aren't others worthy of
drunken sprees and ill-shaded clothes? It
would sure be enjoyable if my ethnic heritage
drove people to drink all day. (Some people
tell me that It does!)

And don't give me any of this “honorary
Irishman "stuff. either. I have It on good infor-
mation that that Is nothing but an illusion
created by bourgeois bartenders. Not many
people are aware of Marx's obscure dictum.
"everybody celebrates. everybody drinks."

 same 

Feels And

,’ ,'
~.‘.L A 3. '

 
 
 

 

I think we've been had.

And so McDonald's (aha!) and Burger King
gladly do their part to perpetuate the panoply
of perfidlousness by offering us. for a limited
time only. green milkshakes This leads one to
believe they'll soon be offering. you guessed it.
black milkshakes on Ash Wednesday, I cart
hardly wait to order a Quarter Pounder with
green Cheese.

Nope. I am not an Irishman and I'm going
to do my best to avoid St. Patrick's Day (st.
patrlck's day to the non-believer) from now
on. May I suggest that you do the same?

For starters. don't talk to anyone who Is
wearing green. Please bear with me on this
one. because until we freaks become a cult

going to be damn lonely at least one day a
year. From there It's nowhere but up.

and tlten. dare I say it, a Movement. you are .

 

 

This middle of the month Irish fetish must be

 
  
      
 

put In Its proper perspective soon. lrlsh this.
Irish that. green this. green that.

Will it never end?

Perhaps we should assign the holiday to
another nationality so that. for a change of
pace. we cart booze It up and wear a different
color itt their honor.

I nominate the Italians.

The Indigestion ['5 better.

I hope I haven't been too didactic. I do en.
by a good time, and I'm told that St. Patrick's
Day can be a lot of fun. Still, someone had to
say it. The whole affair was becoming
nauseating and distorted. What with snake
chasers. stone fixations. and green food so-
meone ltad to put in a good word for sanity.

And if all that wsn't enough. we've been
told that Ronald Reagan himself is descended
from Irish kings.

I think we've been had. Cl

 

alnt Patrick -— you know. he's
the dwarfy. funny»looking guy
with a beard. pointed nose. and
pointed toes. with a shamrock in one
hand and a mug of beer iii the other.
Not really.

Jane Anderson
and Heidi Gralla

He may have been short and beard-
ed. but the trtug In his hand was put
there by more recent Irishmen. Accor-
ding to legend. Saint Patrick was almost
a teetotaller. although he is credited
with teaching the Irish the fine
art of distillation.

Most of what is believed about hittt is
based on legends artd myths. ltt fact. it
is not even known if March l7th is tho
date of his birth or his death It is
sorttelitttcs said to be both.

 

 

Sainl Patrick was horn itt Britain. not
itt Ireland. IIL' was brought into IlL‘IriIltl
as a It) year old slaw early iii the filth

century. After tending slump ftn' about
six years. he csraped.

Despite his later saitttltood. I‘aitttlr's
own testimony states that as a child. he
was. indifferent to religion. I'lls faith. he
said. began durittg his captivity when a
voice lit a dream told ltint how he could
flee from Ireland. which he did.

He went home to his parents. studied
Christianity, became a bishop. and.
after another dream. returned to Ireland
as a missionary.

Saint Patrick (St. Pat to friends). im-

 

mortalized the shamrock by using it to

 

Saint Patrick—The Man Behind The Beer

 

     

 
 

explain the Concept of the Holy Trinity
to the Irish pagans. Although Ite was
faced with opposition from Druid
priests. historical records lclaim that
Saint Patrick managed to convert most
.of Ireland to Christianity. '

  

 

Like most saints. Patrick Is associated
with performing a number of miracles.
the. most famous of which Is driving the
snakes out of Ireland. In addition. he Is
said to have built a fire using nothing but
, Ice and'snowballs.

and Kirkpatrick In Fleming. sailed from
Portpatrick.

‘ing to Irish music. putting together an

green: and the traditional New York

needless to say. bar owners. have found
a way to cash in on Saint Patrick's Day.

put out a new line of cards. and cup-
cakes with green frosting have become.
nauseatineg abundant. Salnt'Pat has
probably turned over In his grave. CI

 

He wrote two short works. the Con-
fessio. which is an autobiography. and
the Epistola. which was written In
denunciation of the ill-treatment of
several Irish-Christian captives. Small
parts of these works are incoherent (un-
dottbtedly written while the alleged
teetotaller was teaching distillation.)

Saint Patrick’s travels can be traced
almost from his birth to his death by the
place named after him. He was born In
Kllpatrick. resided in Dalpatrick. found-
ed two churches. Kirkpatrick in Irongmy
and was buried ‘I'
Dowrtpatrick,

Aside from the heavy drinking Saint
Patrick's Day scents to inspire. people
ltave devised other ways to honor
Ireland's patron saint. In thS. the
mayor of Chicago ordered lilti pounds
of emerald green (lye DOUI'Utl into the
Chicago River; itt I‘M/l, Astn-r t. Iit'litor
.lol‘ttt Keenan stayed up all ntgitt listen-

I RA. centerfold. and rlrettttting of how
awesome the ASP banner would look itt

Saint Patrick's Day parade has been art
annual event since 1762,

Manufacturers. merchants. and.

Most pubs offer specials. Hallntark ltas

 

 

 

 

5‘ .
..
ii
».
ii
3%
3?
g:
:r
'9
.iri-
f.
r
f)
3,5
5i:
33?. i7:
.3
,.
I
5.
’H
,3
{Q'-
5'
x.

 

.."a...~.WWWWm.M.mI._M-H.—m—~

 

