 

Division I

A Bunch'of Fags
Bladerunners

Slippery When Wet ‘

Marci Haters

  

 

 

 “a... r

din-1AM

atuu—a
—IN—IO

Smith

Team Vatore

in Memory of Drew v
Crusaders

Control

Frameshift Mutations
Sudden Death

Esposito .

12th Precinct

OH—IUW'JI

UmbN_Nf|
000000

 

   
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

 

‘ mans

oo much suspicion

I the Editor:
our editorial ’(Civic Suspicions February 3. 1984) docs in-
d display more suspicion than evaluation of the proposal
ocate the eiyic center near the campus.
ertainly the ease you make for placing the center
ntown deserves serious consideration, but so does the
for placing it near the campus. Unfortunately your
orial does not do justice to that case.
lte key concept of the University proposal is tltat two
rate facilities would be included in a single civic center.
re are signiﬁcant economies of both construction and
ration possible in such a combination. However, the two
litics would be operated separately: the large'arcna by the
nty and the recreational field house by the University.
' University and its students would asstrme no financial
onsibility for the operations of the civic center arena.
‘eover. the operating costs the University would carry for
field house within the civic center would probably be less

 

 

'» ‘~\\L.t1l.‘t7’“ '«!~-'

The t.?rrdcucy to do this displays a sophoinoric. adolescent
mentality suggesting that maybe these people believe that
“momm',” is still following them around picking up after
them. I have observed better dining etiquette at McDonalds.
where most of the patrons dump their garbage in a trash
receptacle before leaving.

' l have also observed that the UAS employees charged with
the responsibility of cleaning up this mess are not able to
keep up with the constant flow of students in the campus
center dinirtg room. They are deluged with garbage left by
these slobs. A fact that makes this even more distressing Is
that a number of UAS employees are handicapped. They
work very hard and don't need students making their jobs
arty more difficult.

Although I am hopeful this letter may ltave some effect on
the situation. l write with the realizationthat the type of stu-
dent that leaves his or her garbage around for someone else
to pick up is not likely to-read letters'to the editor in the stu-
dent press. However, if any of you slobs have read this far
(and you know who you are). please get your act together. It
docsn‘t take much effort or time to throw your garbage away

   

educationalpand the monetary renumeration of approx-

. imately 81500 was very helpful in paying for my college

education.

When I returned from the intercession i expected an inter-
view from the Residence Staff of Alumni. On January 27th. i
called Carol Steng'er. the head of the selection committee and
was informed that i would not even be getting an interview. i
was extremely shocked and hurt by this. i knew that some of
the Residence Staff knew of my apartment situation but ldld
not think that this would hinder my efforts at the position. it
is true that my initial motivation was convenience and
rcnumcration but this in no way implied that my perfor-
mance would be any less than what was expected from me.
Front my experience as an R.A. i knew that not all the R.A’s
applied for the position just for the sheer pleasure of the job.
i know that last year whenl applied‘l'ontltcposition it was for
the challenge but I never denied that the renumeration was
helpful. This time my situation was known and the Staff'
decided that my motivation was not appropriate.

The R.A. position is a job. which 1 performed to the best
of my ability and beyond the call of duty. i feel that to be

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

«at:

 

Rt. 5 Raiders
The Silencers
lnebriation
Skaboochy
Nameless

   
 

The Attractions

Waste Product
Puckoffs

Jerry’s Kids
Tandemonium Hockey

dNWU‘IO‘
ANWNO
@0000

Don Ho and Hawaiians

OONNLAA
Awww—o

CONN-33$

(Note: Games involving these teams

Korean Air Liners
Nulli Secundes

O 4 Dinks i
see note Rebels
see note Elroys

Sweet Thang Juice

w '- League4E

0 Moonrlogs
2 UpchucktheBogie

Coming Attractions

2 Cheap Thrills

Andy, Don’t Close Curtain

League 4]

w I‘ FlyingDugans

Chateau Manning
Sixty Niners

12th Precinct
Mess Masters

League 4M

Showtime

Easy as Puff

Continual Circular Mod
Dinks ll

Vegetables

Maniacs

League 4W

Hondo's Boys
Snakes .
Coneheads

Shut Up Dicks
Royals

o—-—A~r..oen
wwww—o

O—Nww E 00—Ast S
Auwﬂoo r-

d—‘NNDJ
$NNN—I

 

layOff format

league 2: Top 4 teams make playoffs.

League 3 (16 teams): Top 3 teams In each division and I wild card team (best W-L record)

league 4 (12 teams): Top 3 teams in each division.

 

 

         
 
 
   

Established In 1916
David LL. Lnskln. Edllor in Chla/
Palrlcla Mitchell. Managing Edi"?!

lea Editor: . . . ..

.. . . . . . . . . ..Stovo Fox. Heidi Gralla
Associate News Editor. .

. Jonas Nachsln
noes. Mark Levi-ta

   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 

Copy Editor! . . . . . .. .Kally Grovor. Annette Perot
sgllhologuphy Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ed Marusslen

Mark Gosnor. Senlor Edllol

onlrlbutlng Editors: Dean Betz. Debbie Judge. Gall Morrall. Wayne
Pooroboom, Anthony Sllbar. Llaa Strain. Editorial Assistants: Jane Anderson.
Dean Chang. Jim O‘Sulllvan. Stall wrllon: Michelle Bushor. Alicia Clmbora.
Kevin clarko. Ian Clements. Bulsy Eckol. Ronald Brant Gcrston. Adam Good-
an. Ben Gordon. Robert Hayes. Eric Hlndlrr. Norma Koo. Michelle Krell.
> llco MeDarmolt. Caryn Mlsko. Suzanne Murphy. Alan Parker. Maddy Paseue-
il. Christine Rallalt. Jon Romano. Shotlah Sable. David Sl-tgor. Michael
kolnlck. Alan Somkin. tan Spelling. Megan Gray Taylor. John Thorburn.
orry Tlschler. Keith Van Allen. Ito-to Weinstoln. Marlelgard.Joh-r Willrnoll.
poctrum Editors: Ellen Fitzgerald. Rlnrt Young

Judy Torul. Business Manager
Lynn Saravla. Associate Business Manager
John Hirsch. Rhonda Woll./tdverllsing Managers
Mike Ktalmor. Sales Manager

. . . . . ..R.rndoo Bahar
. . Gay Poroaa
. .nna Hamilton
.Compolltlon Manager! on tv ock. Mark Calalano
Advortialng Sal avid Daniels. Rich Golden. Susan Klein. Stave Lolborr
man. Mark Suasman. Advartlllng Production: Leo Erickson. Elaine Frierier.
Julia Mark. Ellyn Muto. Sharon Oku-I. Lyn-ta Slogol. charolotto Shubo. Ellen
Wlseman. Ollleo Stall: Christina Einghl. Linda Delgado. Martorlu Rosonthnl

 

Holly Preall Producrron Manager
Donna Agular. Sue Pachlnsky Assoc/alt: Produclion Managers

ChlIlTypoIottor ... .. ..... ... .. Lancey Heyman
lllbtup: Sus | Ken . y Deb Slokl. Typists: Jrrn Capozzula.
beryl Kaplan. Nancy Killian. Phyllis Lolkowltr Reta Lowonoraun. chaul~
ur: Eric Dori. Stove-1 Manholl

 

          

r Photography prltclpalty supplied by University Photo Sorvlcn. rt student
group.

ChlIl Photographer: Straa-I Elalno Mrndtch. UPS Stall. Arny Cotton. Shorry
Lao Cohan. Cindy Galway. Piullp Hack. Knnny Kirsch, Rachel Lrtwr \. Robert
' .Luckoy. Ect Maruaalch. Lola Mattonu-rt. Barry Iturchor. Lisa Srrnmons. Lnurun
ISItler. Robert Souey. Erica Spulnul, Warrut Stout. James Valotllno. Jasor
Zoppol

Enllrc content: copyright WM Albany Student Press Corporation. all
right: to
The Albany Student Press Is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an ltdupandenl
noI-lor-prolll corporation.
Editorials are written by the Editor In Chief with members oi the Editorial
Board: valley to subleel to review by the Editorial Board Columns are written
Y Member! of the unlvorllly community and do not necessarily represent
editorial policy. Advertising policy does not necessarily reflect editorial
Y.
Malling address:
Albany Student Plan. Go 329
two Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(MB) 467-8892l3322l3339

which occurred last Wednesday ctcuitrg ill the Slate (Juntl
('al’ctcria.

lit-tween 6:35 and 6:40 pm.. a friend and l were caring ice
cream when all the lights were turned off. Scxcr'rtl seconds
later tltcy wcrc turned back on but not everywhere. \tht‘c
the last 2 people with trays sat finishing their dinner. the
lights remained off. The couple continued to finish their
ntcal in the dintncss as l noticed something peculiar. A group
of 5 or ntorc female cal'ctcria workers in red U.A.S. shirts.
stood talking and casting many glances towards th‘ two re-
maining diners. Suddenly these two peoplc were surrounded
by these girls. 1 refer to them as girls because what they did
for tltc next 5 minutes was to exhibit behavior not only rude
and unnecessary but the equivalent of what one would expect
from delinquent junior high adolescents. These girls encircl-
ed the table wltcrc the couple was eating and jccretl at them
until the woman said. “I am not finished drinking tny milk."
and continued that she liked or needed to digest her food.
One girl left the group and \vcnl to sit down cxclaiming loud~
ly to the cafeteria in general as she did so that she and her
fellow workers could get on with their work or get done early
except that “...SOME people have to digest their food!“

What i cannot comprehend is why. if they were irt such a
lturry. they found time to make sport of this couple. par-
ticularly this woman? Also why should anyone be harrassed
so workers can go home early?

i realize that tile U.A.S. cafeteria is not a restaurant. but it
is a place where people eat. They have lo car there. They have
paid well to eat there. Such harrassmcnt is outrageous and
unnecessary. Perhaps the manager could take the time to sit
down with these girls and give them some food for thought.
no pun intended. about what is reasonable behavior. for a
cafeteria worker.

—(‘,arol Roberts

Subtle hypocrisy

To the Editor

At the end of last semester my apartment mates and I
decided that in order to preserve otrr friendship. i should
move out. At the tintc there were two vacant Resident Assi‘
rant positions on Alumni Quad. 1 applied for one of tbc posi—
lions fcclirtg very confident that I would he able to get one.
My experience for the position was unequaled by any of the
applicants except for another woman. who along with i. had
been R.A.‘s last van on Alumui Quad. I had also served on
the Aluruni Quad Judicial Board for two years prior to
bccoming an R.A.

   

Before i go any further. let .me explain the type ofscctionl
had last year. i lived in the ‘plt‘of Waterbury hall and ltad a
small section of 20 men. At the end of the fall semester of
[982 my section led the University in vandalism. billed
damage and incidents. in addition to these illustrious
records, I referred or was involved in referring eleven in-
dividuals. nine of whom lived in my section. This kind of ac-
tion was necessary on my part. but carried out very am-
bivalently. and the result was a severing of friendships bet-
ween some of my section members and I. But aside from all

   

. . . ~
Dw's'o" " _ w T Shooting Seamenll
I _ wecot Larry the costs ofa separate l‘ieldhotrse on campus. Your off on the way out of the UAS cafeteria. and contrary to your paid for this job and to be honest about t. is fine as long as
Mother PUCkerS 5 l 2 Not Responsible treatment of‘the nccd for a frcld house on campus ig- belief. the UAS cafeteria employees are not getting mud to the individual doing the job is performing to the level ex-
Mllk 3 3 2 Snakes s the SlnCch efforts of students and admmtstrarton for a pick up after you. pcctcd of him/her. To not evcrt get an interview was a slap in
Kaos 3 3 1 Samething Different her of years to sceurc such a facrltty. I would also lrke to suggest to readers who are not rcsportv the race which shocked me greatly I was (here “pun me Staff
_ hill: the University prbposal is complex, it is not siblc for this mess. that if yotr happen to socialize with a per- needed me to do their dirty work hill where were they for
rky." We invite your editors to spend a little lime turd sort who has this distasteful habit. yott should discourage the? i feel the Residence Staff should reevaluate their posi-
Dr den h N “tidying lll¢.d°l“il5 0r lllt‘ PFOPUSIII- l in" cnlll'idcnl them from persisting. tions on remuneration and redcl'inc’llrc meaning of the Resi-
Y RESC if you do. and if you r'cprcscnl the interests of our Pcrltaps UAS should put up large signs in the dining areas dent Assistant ‘joh'-in order to rid the position of its subtle
' ' ' “HIS. YOU Will reach a (lil‘l'crcnt conclusion. asking people to dispose of their garbage properly. l urtt hypocrisy,
PUSthWn and Turn 4 3 0 The Deal 6 0 0 League 3R  ' —l.t'wis l'. “’clcll aware this is not thc first lctter to the editor on this subject. .. “I...” "S"
The Drnks 3 4 O Gladiators 5 l 0   a _ ‘ l'it‘t' I’rt'xirlclrl SUNle lividcrtlly thc’ first one had no effect. it would he unfortunate . .
Mean Little Kids 2 2 l B . I if we lt'ttl to resort to 7lllllll' trt si Ins uskin ' pcu dc to do
eat Me 4 ] 0 . A l b | L. b |
Royal Flush 1 3 0 A_Team 1 4 0 R‘C’l'al‘El‘ll'm55 4 0 . something that educated people should not have to hc asked e  e 
Moondo... . 4 C L...“ C... O 6 0 Runningcunners 3 o ampus cen er s o s  r...
- Men W-O Helmets 0 5 0 I ' Hadgeman 3 l ....\'iL~ n.“- 'l'o the Editor:
1 , Don tCome in Our Crease O 6 0 League 2 W L Greek Sa|ad 1 3 the Editor: . In your editorial which appeared in the January 27 ctluiort
- ,The BOYS 0 3 am writing Ilris lctlcr' in the hope of persuading some of of the ASP. the word “rhetoric” was mcrrtioncd no Icy. than
5 . ’ .  . ..~- .,,_.t  .
 v h Nice n’ Easy Bishops 0 4 tmtlul. Iltwltsttltrntt ptrsorrs “110ch In to Itttu lllLll    m runes. lh.tl tau ts tcltlcxenl.tllvc ol rht LlllllL mt or tlu
3 ac 0“ Me'oche ' W L T huge on tltc campus ccntcrzmtl rathskcllar tables Irom do- c\crcr~.e m redundancy cntrllcti. the Message. the Method
 '0. To the Editor: in '84." .
‘1 League aw i would like to respond to a gross display of misconduct Let's all be clear on the meaning of lltc \mrtl. “rhclru ic."
According to the Mcrriaru-Wchstcr Dictionary. it mc; s.

“...thc art of speaking or wt illng cl‘l'ccth cly." Having lit.‘L'll a
witness to a countless number of painfully boring Jtlttl
monotonous Democratic speeches. I. formic. am grateful to
have a President who effectively relates his message. Rhetoric
seems to have taken on an additional meaning; one which is
synonomous with illusory talk with no substance. l belicvc it
is with that meaning that the writer ct'iliqucd thc President's
State of the Union address. Since most Americans agree Mr.
Reagan is art effective communicator. l‘d like to respond to
some other points raised in the article.

When Ronald Reagan sp 'ttks. he is one of very few
cadcrs. contemporary or otherwise. who docs so with
sincerity. substance. and meaning Since his inauguration
three years ago. ire has kept art cstrmatcd 8t) perccrtt of his
ambitious campaign promises and has actively and sincerely
tried to keep the other 20 percent. 1 must dil'l'cr with tltc opi-
niorts expressed by the writer on his actual record. Specifical-
ly: his “rigltt wing past...intcrfcrcrrce with the Civil Rights
Commission...suddenly suggesting that both sides.‘do away
with (nuclear weapons) crttirely'...(and) betrayal of every
progressive and positive valuc he claims to embrace." His
rigltt wing "past" is not past! in his State of tlte Union ad-
dress. he called for rc-raising scvcral conservative issues. as
he did irt two speeches since then. His interference with the
Civil Rights Commission was based not ill malice or bigotry.
but irt the concern that injustice and discrimination were be-
ing replaccd by furthcr injustice and discrimination. He has
consistently. throughout his entire national political career.
envisioned a world without nuclear weapons. He just
disagrecstvith the methods of those who would ttnilatcrally
disarm. Your editorial suggests that the military does not ex-
ist to prevent war. as President Reagan has asserted. I pose
this question to you: Wltat would happen to us if we
unilaterally eliminated our rtuclcar and conventional deter-
rcnt'.l

President Reagan has restored faith in our economy by
slashing inflation. cutting interest rates. and strengthening
our dollar. His pleas to Americans to renew their faith irt
themselves and neighbors have resulted in a large increase in
volunteerism. charity, and unity--all unique characteristics of
Americans. ‘

ironically. your editorial accuses President Reagan of
never acecpting blame. I believe that accusation would be
rrtore appropriately placed with the Democrats. After having
controlled the American government almost exclusively since
F.D. Roosevelt. and attempting to spend their way out of
every problem. the resulting massive debt has them calling on
Mr. Reagan to he fiscally responsible. He has cut the rate of
growth of" government. at least. One cart only imagine what
size the deficits would be if he hadn't gone to Washington.
Also. the latest recession was blamed on President Reagan.
but the credit for the huge recovery is placed elsewhere.

Muelt more work and improvement lay ahead. which is
why the President is running again. Instead of being satisfied
with an impressive first term. he has the integrity to stay on
and finish the job. On the camnpaign trail. he'll be running
on his record. not empty promises. While desperate
Democrats scramble to promise everything to everyone.
President Reagan can say. "i kept mine." The voters already
know that and will vote accordingly in November.

 

“Gresham. v thrs, i found my experience as an R.A. very rewarding and —.lantes Stanley

 

Note: No lndl ld ‘ ' '
v ual statistics are available because teams haven’t been. filling out the

 

 

  

 

