  
  
    

      
     
 

and“

-9

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

The One Sttre Roote

I maeilimd suddenly. then If our insane
title thought about (that lot a mmneni.
staring diatracttadly at this reflection in the thali-
Mmpt brandy glass .in this hand. like light lrwri
the dire cast a red . sparkling glow over {the rt.th
as the mud back a little ’wtiwr into the Lacy»

Buy bit". the thought lrcari‘t help mininth «it i
myself .as a ratio:th mart. if suppose that's )uet .

one of the ayrrtpkams.

 

John Keenan

 

Albert Brown wasn't wally sure just What he
“team by (in: ‘ on! symptoms. but fir! knew
that an insane man will new: admit to his in-
sanity. so he lust sort of quietly accepted his
mind's Musai to dusty itself as abnormal

"it isn't ever: reaily fair," he thought
,tebejiliously for a moment. “They don’t «van
:krtow May for doing it. and they say l'rrt in-
sane!" He looked down at the rrilrzd llarn'
tugtort lying clean and strut/tit in his inn and
said to it. "llws fliaf seem fair to you?"

The Rummy didn't answer.

Albert siglwd Now that he’d finally arrlvvrl
at the proper amount of courage, calluustiuss.
and drunken wupvr required to blow his
brains out. he'd come up against another.
quite unexpoctzd problem The damn gun
wouldn't fit. He couldn't figure out the right
way to aim  so that he could put one end at
his turtple and will have a finger on the trigger

Hde thought about putting the gun tn his
trwutit. of course. but fwd dander! against it in
law that the tabla-r25 would see something
p‘llctllic Lt.) that and he would be [rust-
ltumousit,‘ dubbed “a fat. hidmg. insane.
1:.le booms-mud  an amalgam of a-dyzctiws
€5.46 didn't appeal to Starr; at all

Eben hadn't always been stvxzda‘zy :rzrlm
ed. in fem. uy‘tt up until in thirty-serum: luv
thriay Albert had been one of the most uno-
tsottally stable rnen who'd ever sold a fl'rldull
insurance policy (although. as a group. these
men weren't among the most stable).

lt had all really started when Edna was
eaten by the hogs. if only Edna hadn't fallen
into the pigpert. Albert oftun thought. life
would have been much'butter. She‘d been a
pre-school teacher. and had been showing her
charges around (1 small farm just outside of
town. and had just fallen in The hogs ate her
And wltEn Edna's mother had called Alburt

with the news. Albert had laughed and laugh-
ed.
Even now it scurried luttrty. my Itancur: was

Understanding Surrea

here is a definition of beauty which
I states “it is the encounter‘of the um-
brella and the sewing machine on an
operating table." Beauty was given this defini-
tion. by the Surrealistic movement in art.
which had its awakening in France. This
movement as well as many others. have been
filmed and documented by the BBC and nar-
rated by Robert Hughes. art critic for Time
magézlne. .

 

Rina Young

 

This movie. one of 8 in the series "Shock of
the New" is entitled The Threshold 0/ l.ibr:r~
tyattd IS I! very well put together
cinematographic piece that never lost the
thread it was weaving. nor the attention of the
vtewer. (ft is a painless dose of art history).

In Hughes' journey through the history of
the movement. we start at the political revolu-
tion in France in 1969. only to look farther
back in a different type of revolution. to unite
people with their desire of absolute freedom as
one of the constants of life. The question that
was the focus at the very beginning of this new
movement was "How shall I be free?" The
answer was to look inward to the un-
conscious. for this was the place of
unrestricted thoughts and could be the founv
dailon for a different vision of what life could
be like.

Our minds prefer order. the conscious over
chaos. the unconscious and It was the struggle
for the opposite that became the aim of the
movement.

The unconscious is a deep cavern wherein a
phantom lies. and this phantom was brought

if suicidetis an insane  Album Brown 5

 

“way... cannon...

 

r'riluli by hour.
The llItTlfltiill had left rt stricken Albert with
suvi'rc emotional [ilrrllluiriti and a vengeful
low. of pork tflllipti.

lie lookutl tlqul at the Remington again.
He'd never rmrlly liked guns. or death. or
blood, uvtm :H a child. llls father had given
him this very Remington for his twelfth birth-
day, and the twoltad gone hunting the follow-
ing afternoon. Albert had shot the retrieving
dog. Blue. squarely in the head from fifty feet
away.

“l'd probably miss anyway." he said

 

 

 

disgustedly Somehow geld himself by acci-
: dent and emf up living another fifty years. And
. this ll rm, Irtcic Albert He's a eunuch.
l He down-2d the rest of the brandy and
l pushed himself m his unsteady feet. There
‘ had to be an easier way; pills. perhaps. Leav—
ing the Rernmy on the floor behind him. he
made his fumbling way to the medicine chest.
Albert had been a stringy. unattractive
youth. not blossoming into real unpleasant-
ness until just past twenty-two. It was not his
disposition. however. which was kindly. nor
his intelligence. which was keen, which caus-
ed him his social prdblents. it was his lace
Albert was one of those unfortunate few who
seem to exist only to prove to the world that
there's only so far that a shatp mind and a ge-
nuinely nice personality can get a person in

‘out by the Surrealisis in an attempt to have
chaos reign over order.

Originally. Surrealism was a literary move-
ment. but it later gained an artistic side as well.
Hughes takes us on a guided tour through the
artists and the cultural influences that prevail~
ed upon them. We get a feeling for what was
going on through interviews with the artists in
that time period. as well as an extensive view
of the range of the art produced. All this helps
us to conceptualize what it was that they were
trying to release into this ordered world in
which we live.

Freud had a significant impact on this
movement. although he was not directly in<
volved. His psychological theories corttrtbuted
much to help tap the inner workings of the
mind and shed new light on those paths never
taken One wonders how safe a journey this
could be. Surrealism showed vivid images of
alienation whtch in everyday life. the mind
works hard to repress. The movement praisad
mental illness as an earthly paradise. and they
felt that those with illnesses did not want to be
cured. In fact. the most surrealistic act would
be to take it revolver and shoot ll randomly in-
to the street.

Different artists of the genre used different
techniques. Magritte's art told us stories about
everyday objects. They were paintings that
denoted forms and triggered memory as seen
in this famous painting of a pipe that included
the caption. “This is not a pipe." Andre Ben-
ton contended that both art and life could
renew themselves through the unconscious.
and the dream was the release of this process.
Max Ernest showed that children feel a kind of
helplessness; those chance associations they

 

 

  
 

the singles scene.

Despite all this. suicide had never entered
Albert's mind prior to the Edna—and-the-hogs
episode. for Albert. who was raised a strict
Catholic. knew that for a person to take his
own life was the one sure route to eternal
damnation. However. since he had mastur-
bated once and never confessed it to his
priestlbeing much too embarrassed). he knew
that he was damned anyway. so why be forc‘
ed to wait it out?

ln the medicine cabinet. Albert found the
pickings sparse. Edna‘s asthma medicine (was
that a depressant?). Edna’s thyroid medicine.
Edna’s Preparation H. and his own Gillette
razors. He took down the asthma medication.

He looked at his face in the bathroom mir-
ror as he shook out a handful of the tiny pills.
His nose was overlong. and curved. and his
eyebrows were thick.

Ugliness. Serious ugliness.

"it's all your fault." he told his reﬂection
good—naturedly. and brought the pills to his
mouth. They went down easily. with a little
gagging at the outset. and Albert went back to
sit down in front of his fire. and sip his brandy.

He drifted. spinning about rather pleasantly
in front of the fire. although he was unsure
whether the brandy or the pills were the cause.
and thought draw ily that ihls was the way to
go. No awful seco d before pulling the trigger.

V irritatian it-D, tout

mo :mcsstio dltmn ‘xtp .dltarwarits, rill tin dlll'mltlllt
tfhe superior rmdfhnél.

He drowslly 'rbcgan tfhin'ktng Aries all (lot-irri-
clan. sort of a limit dittdh attumpt . ibut :irmriil lftis
Mugged mind war-darkly. thinking lhtrtgb llt‘"
hadn‘t thought of in  things ‘llkc that
summer day when he was About 901mm . whom
he and Thea Gandhi! titth sat down in but
back yard and pulled tpmdls ciﬁ a «dundrilictn.
forever. and how when ﬁe 51am petal] was pull»
ed off. it was a she-loveS-me mail. and Thou
had given him a  That was years indium
Edna. of course. Mao. now that "the .ngth
and damned anyway. he could safely say had
looked like a horse. and was about as mud]:
fun to be with as a dying one:

Death was weird. he decided. then CC»!-
rected himself. excuse me. dying was \v-e'mi.
not at all what he'd expected. and it seemed to
be taking a hell of a long time. Not that it mat-
tered; he sat in the Lazy-Boy. spinning gently.
thinking of Thea and her brother Jim. his best
friend. who had died at twenty-sane from a
brain embolism. and how he hadn‘t seen Jim
for almost three years before that. Too bad l’m
going to hell. he thought fum’ly. Jim’s pro-
bably in heaven. Oh. well. And he began say—
ing Acts of Contrition again.

“Do I really want to die?"

The thought rose within him. and for a mo-
ment the utter shock of it paralyzed his numb-
ed brain. If there had been a time for doubts. it
certainly wasn't now. With an effort he dragg-
ed his eyes open and looked down at the
warm fire. sparkling so beautifully in front of
him. and he realized that he could pull himself
up and over to the john. he could make
himself vomit. He could live.

“I'm sorry." he murmured under his breath.
to whom he knew not. and sank back into his
seat again. The thought of life. of mortgage
payments on a house he didn't like. of work-
ing eight hours a day for absolutely no reason
other than it was what he had to do. of being
alone. washed over him.

He stared down at the fuzzy glow of the
dancing fire. felt the warmth spreading from
his toes to his legs. and up across his whole
body to his chest. his chest felt warm and
numb. He thought for an instant that dying felt
very peaceful. and it was certainly much uaSier
going this way than waiting another fifty years
or so. or contracting a brain embolism. or be-
tng eaten by pigs. Too bad people would say
he was crazy.

 

At least he wouldn't be around to hear.

listic Art

 

 

 

can't qutte deal with. He tried to express in his
art the randomness of thought that comes so
freely to children. Salvador Dali took a dif-
ferent path. He locked himself up in the castle
of Narcissism and threw away the key.

However. the major flaw of the movement
lies in tit-at it is not now what it set out to be. At
its beginning. it was less an artistic movement.
than one of rebellion that manifested itself in

 

 

       

91‘;  .IJ ' . e. . .t ,
painting. (As a style it was accepted as a stan-
dard in less than 50 years.)

The next movie in this series. "The View
From the Edge." covers the 19th and 20th
century's desire to record the dissatisfaction of
the self in the works of Van Gogh. Kandinsky.
Rothko. Newman. and Klee, and will be
shown on Sunday at 2:00 in the Auditorium
of the NYS Museum and is well worth the time
and money spent: it's free. 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   

- 9355;.va w.“

 

 

  
  

"(Ha talent is now am! rpfrclzhtng.
FRPcklPls. >9falflf§ij ’Aidaitt "Quinn Band
imyyi'Han'ria't
‘ n h-‘nmmmr ‘of’thttsn‘asotru most mr‘ntallv
stnm'rittttrig”mnvtes ’

Hull illuuzibs

W.
‘Art ‘EUptnwnAGitk l-;.dra\vrt iris.) torhtdden
lnvex and tho. turmmi that iniinw: would seam

   

 

AidatiIQtrtmr’a plentrtt: prrinrmancte fht’. mmrte
just'mtghtipull ‘it off

.{Jutntt‘plays Johnny'Rmtrkc '.t‘htnlt school
imndrdetermtnetl tutqet mom out of llft: "t rap.
jpedwlthtnzan oppresivu mill town. Irving.) less
tltatrfavorablu. lifestyle. and plautntt babysitter
fut his'nlcoholtcfathm. Johnny realtze;.r'pr-~-
srmal need ItX'SMl’ClI to! his own identttt

Daryl Hannalt:portrav-£’tracy PIESCOU. the
ull-Arnrtrtcan :gltl i popular pretty and
perfect-«who has trail but-t1 stlfl ttnhappv. it
5 hot 'Seal'Clt tm 'hapntnes- ant= .tni-mnv's
search for himself that morass tnzir two worlds
into 0an

t

r

 

'lhetr sexual anracttnt. t. 2 .' ttrtt repressed.
but 2hr. i~‘ sont. rivr-t'cnm a unit 'lrcctJ‘s

intensity 'fltetr feeling; trr cam otttti arm tust
another patt ct tiw Elnnllf‘tl‘ir l ttnttiz ttw : wno:
mt fl‘illlt' path to lmrvrartm.
.lclnnnt. nnti 'I l’rlt" mi u:
mudcrn dau Roman :. .lttliL“ tut.

  

stow art In

xmaiI [owti llfl
illlll'l'li. no

linatratt r rttttllrtnuint
:l iritl" lti - mutt pr’l‘ﬁnl.

 

ltmz llIi‘ on tho cogs - continuullu challenge
tttr; daring MP to step through lil“. fingers.
iblecti on they meet titt rhttllnngt; "I may

    
 

 

9 :‘:‘ - '
: l’ .‘QE.

1% - 
.1, . t

his buttuat titrtn: WEI)! l crtngtttg .
brand liu\" limit. cultctE “Wtrr "truth it

 

 

ruiuasut' ot illf.
oascr‘ llI

wa- lt‘t‘ifflli‘
ttrttttll rcr-oro t‘untlmll‘

(Chamber
l'rlvwrdti. .»
(California

 

lDamd Singer

,—_____._____——

Wtru Train}. soutrt: tan" Silllttilgli‘ ttcv. by
iltg too remimsucn: 0: UL lll' PbUCIICLlClh
and flll’ unrll urn-suntit must: or The
. but tlit: Lf’ t:- very enjoyable . L‘UllSlSltlif
let. tight sounding guttc. ottvnted ttarr‘
ttvrtt, pot: :tottg:. llta. an alt unsv rtr ge‘ tntr.
'lti' band lm:. u video atttttri or. will [07' that
uttg. "Never ." and file!” rt: stulitgt to in: makttlfr
tw for their first U} utttgit “l'lt dr ‘roc'

"ursi
‘urv

     
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

It ttteir frauds witlt "Ctmrniret o: Helm; " t
tCltysottgtltat'ssurt It fit my il fiié'l .3 li
reluqu a1; a tturgk

The band Wa: turrtter: tt. Lalitorntu
vtwuver. each of flu‘ brutrl: merrtucr: ha a
U different and Vull‘ lllliIHESllllft
ckgruuttd. with only one member ortgtttallt

 

Huislt‘i‘ryliriUHm'ﬁﬁén'Ham'ti'bbiorv.‘htii ,

rs entbrihiniriq :flllfﬂi’liffltfﬂhlb. '

-u-;placr:‘Reckleh In at rim; of ’mrwtv themes .
‘tlrarrcomum’rlirrttrn down. but with nawcnmcr r

lleslh! tor chaltonose anti Atonnrtu ; frustrations

 

’lltt suffocating tom. lr‘i: cr' trnn Vm—nm
.ltu star crossed tout lllflL’Cl. l-rnrn flit' onen-
ntj; ECCHI' Wt‘ Sl’nﬁt .lnhntt‘ i. . tnnr. San“:

 

.clttngtfor somewitcn aorrtunttc nllllfllllltlffli‘.l:
'will fleljt hint nvorcnnt» tn» sottnntrt c‘ This“
int! l
no: settktntj '
int needing mt». approval rt otnnt.. knititnrt int!
tuntottons that ht- cm. nnr \lr'I'Diill‘t crimes. hi!‘

‘I my lCOlngt‘ \Uull fttmm: ~l ht: mntisnt t'r‘lpllll‘mi

 

Allratttr'.t Clinic-at. 'I not ucuu: L!‘ it. t. 5.1

 

tve' to England titer/vi. already gr)! t my itt' ‘

W'JuunM-Am .m”... . 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

. . .- , as
nruvt :ri itctsrgit ilta.’ ‘iflt: . mart. utv r: tnnr.
that. .t pt'mi — tnnrv tnnr. . “oram'
.tnnnnt ﬂi ills Oflll‘t llnl'lt 1 (ill It rilliUt
snmctlttnti rt. "1" worlrt — no out. no illﬂl'k
and that fttn. t a rust wnm you Htacn rant-innit tr.
intrigued by nt‘u’tti‘trr who inc-t mrititl ttt rrtnri;
to mect tnv ritztltcnue; tum l‘lt' mmu .tnmti tr
tam: tnw lii‘tt‘ tnnmsvtve lrllllf'li tt.
reattztnit .t nest: in): it flit". thr

Tht mustcal score wart

 

uni

tnvt

wuli r‘nosr‘tt an.)

bi tht namcm lent hrztlnunltilttt tr» flit’ nlot

ltrrtuk» from titr "protccttm. oi pertccttmt." ml ttseli

 

 

 

lmvrt: Hunter
guttarts. wa» non. it. 1.0» Anrwirttt httt hit
tame ' want fttn. maker who 5mm lTlllI‘li (if hi:
ttmr traveling. 5r fwvtt. wra». ratsntl in lrmnr'r‘
Hnwit Klein mesh/tent at -l lnlinrrnrta-wtu»: at

Hunter "Hik- . mndcrt. Hob f’tutntt ’l‘ht
reasntt tha‘ :titgmatt tan tramt t«. that tin-t: lurlr-
arr meantnpttt. ttnltkt mos nil-mt rcrant

Dallfl‘ ' Kirttt won mi fr explain that Hunt.»
liar acrrttttt‘tltmtm tt't'ttrt. \Ulllrliliirhrnﬁll‘tﬂfil'

. gt’ea: tttazt. rt nnmtt alwadt pitrtlishptl

rlttntc" iotttmnt tr mt 13>. t. Jifft'nr.t't'ii
taut A. .‘mt. Fransisco Stair nnr- ntttrkttv at t' tt'
vulUrzt' ll tttt must. srmtt tr‘ttnlnr . st‘uri' ll‘

tztl earl! . i. nttt'tl tram t'itllm ti'tt Ntrrtnttr

pun.

l' wa» a 5m :rm‘tfisrt Stair tlm tlttmn:
met lutt rtt‘r. wht \Ud‘ lt f‘lt’)t"t'vl“i \Nirt'
'lt’attU- ll'dt guitarist. and storm .1» \Ué’ll a»

Home: 3 smut Wt‘lftng‘ pattnm art ltnllkf’lt' nut
fill’llt' cnnmrlmmt' ttwt: firs: mrmttng Wiwtt
i'ltttttct Wl‘llt wnA unplat tr start nttntiwt hnnrl
mm Hart fl\(~ first thing that hr salrl urns. "Dr,
Unit lmnw how in play gttltatf‘" and "DD you
wanrirt lac llt a hand with "10"" H9“ answororl
"N1. and no." Hart lt. originally frnm Now

'fht- cinnmatnprapht wa» rascnitr‘n: 'f ht
production staff chost- to inir‘tr‘itt ' utt’tuntttni-
tntu visual lilinqe.~. tntcrnrmmtt -t mi and titnrl
coini- srhmntr trv' fllt' nasstnnntu thin that wa
ttriwnrrtrtttl' carrtct‘ thtotiot. m. ftttt. 'l ltt
vtsttrti still: take-i tit. rttttltcnct- ll. thtrtttnit tht

date at llti towt mm at "artft’l' (nae tl‘
uoutlt Itdettntt. ncmmpitsnrncn:
Tttt teenaqt rltlpmma ritsuirtvm‘. n».

"Rarities-7‘ art: cnmmnt. ti. ntarw nhnut lr- h.
. tttqtt school graduates 'lht’ ritaractpn that

l hath '(Dtrtntvnnrl Hannali’mmrnn'mnkn'trvtvnsit
sumpathtzt-

it.» tdentttt; and will. tiwnt

\‘nrl. nrtt krwu. iiltllllntt illlllli‘ mtrsl. huirvr.
 lit-rkgtti
ninth-u

ltlllVlllt; tort-pt

rum-lino l‘llliifi‘r "mitt llifl‘l’Dsi t
cmmm- rti it

wilt iii.

nnti tt.‘ 5min: “‘er

l‘lill(lftltlill .ltinirq
I-‘trtuvrirm lrtrmkyt 'iuiin.
lllln'D‘ ntu' Hat.
harkm‘ottrtds. hit; “I”.
mr'mtwr». ruttrlt~ litrmt \llirt
Antll’r Htlnrihlmi lh‘ill' front \mudm. tltf‘it‘h
ii- Y|lEI‘f“tl llt r: pornth fvirul rnlluti Mriittirut
irmtmtmt mm. it... Ilrnitari ("‘ntllllt rinsclhln in.
runs. Inn- it. Stuvrlrlta. Htirillhlrut ii‘mmllr—ut it
fllt l} f. and «Mimi in Sat, l'ritru‘isrr.
i-wirtriru Gil-Sol“. Wirt- 'l r;rlri'~: haiaisl . rirm:
httt

inivrpstirtt‘.
'ifhi'i
Ili‘lill‘mvi

limb

'lrnlr-V tutu

lr'ziit'.‘

lltv lti Arrirrnlirm a» ; fpltlt mmmﬂ in

: .hwwint tutti. lll'i familt- ll‘ asrupt Amuniinn'-

Win 'trattt‘-. lt'iltl qtntrn: ant. '

 

dictatorship l'li‘~ family um- nﬁi lirtmiumt it.
:intrlhlnt; political flli‘ rur‘m‘rlint; in Muir. lhet
morn Whllt
iii-mint. t’ioponham-rt t'itl-Srsl:. lpammi ahmiz
"nrm ivaurv“ must. and motion tr "lav. l-‘ran
risrt. shortly thnrunlio» it. rum-wry hiv came: an

mrnrrari *slmplt in. lrnrzrlrit‘tv

- mttslr'lat.

mil-u. aitm fl’li lﬁi‘mwl they on:
fhomspittau u manartm uthrt qtrit‘klt- (jot than
that] first lﬁh‘. at. tlﬂhﬂr‘ and popcorn you

hand

n ~- in lhr- mﬁUlt' thpatrw that h:

 

 

 

inn
mum. by ura‘_
shill lilo ‘fx’rmkr f-im't/vi Hays Kit-in 'l‘ht ham!
tf<(’(llht' l'taswnwm o: fht thnairv tr rt-hr-ar'h-
walling. thmttsnlw’s Thv Rr’nenm'ftzu

Thar tapml ‘3"‘fni' of fhl’li r-onrt- and rr'r‘i-‘t
tht- llnit'r'MtL‘ of Car»

   
      

 
  

 

 

 

.f
l
3
‘ ’ l

although my context in which the“ at:
presnnlcti seam; .t tail obscun bntnnhnu 21.

? year lllll ()umtt and and flirttlus l'lanttnit don ‘
. i. fl\-' str-renlyp-' of limit school smuott; will;

our. drmnnttzett need; trrr selt‘artuattzatmtt
“Hcclries-- nttqht llitV” been brattm entitlctt
"Restiost‘ du- t4 th. nnxiuuu mum of it
rtmrnt-tm . anti tn tttn pruductlntt‘s “Wu don’t
itnvu arm mm: trim» qr. in“; and it" cnnnlu
\‘lnit Thu nt~tnr~ mndt- the ‘mnultz 'mntorinl
mmu nlivo with Quintth 'dynamtc warlor-
mnnr‘rr’hs-erln'q lhr’l’tiﬁl‘nlllh‘1l""l’lfl\lﬁt}’l’l§~"ll
tum. an oniounhlt-“rltvnrstnn -

  
   
 
   
     
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

 

 

   
 

wan lnr'air‘rl fft thr' comm of
‘n lm clas-t placv ff’h‘l showmi

Thu thnairt

      

wt. l-uznw gimmi- m.
and Ill‘t R-‘n‘i'tirl‘

fill’uin ‘» an

l'tmww t  will: “lF‘lit"ll
(ittivklt
m.:u-rtfavttirr-rl

it'urlw l‘R‘-- Rm tunic :mr.’ url'u‘j. Il‘u

tlwur 'il‘v"
am‘ Vti-thimtr-ri in tin

Wormrmrliu.

tuna. ‘t l
rm tvl:
rllr.‘4\\t1w.\rl‘

“w. «tum-r ft. 1 3'. Nil" lwtvw'r‘

N'ti'Wt“ ‘ i't

 

that than tit-tr. almrwli-fmu haml-
:. larval l'vittlt mwt ihtv namw 'l'hi‘ Huttonmfui V
Tl‘u l'wu iiimmnrl tlwii naer it ‘l’iri Train
it tit. itﬂll‘lt‘ a. mw at thr-i. t'm'ttt- that
Klt‘tt mm that f'lttnim

whirl.
isn't or In H t‘fmmhr’t
rims; ihtr namv adding that. “Win moan:
snmnil'iimt that can lwml not riqttl, and Train
moam train «it thought "

erc Train began to porfnm‘t along~ thv twist
mast. opening fox Tho .fam anrl Thu (‘nn- as
wolf at planing alone. and afic-t the H‘lf‘aﬁi‘ of
in n ("ht-imber last month. they began their first
tour of the United Slams. which will bring
them in Albany lhisSttnday night i i

A“... 

 

 

 

