 
     
  

 

   

By MARK LEVINE '
Associate. Magazine Editor

New York, New York, it's a helluva town. So says Tony
Bennett, but if he were talking about the upcoming baseball
season in the Big Apple, I’d have to disagree.

With the glory of another college basketball season behind
me, i turn my attention ‘right away to my other favorite sport:
baseball. Yes, there is something special about sitting in the
ballpark on a warm, crisp summer evening and keeping
caught up with all the statistics and box socres in the
newspapers the next day.

So what about the Yanks this year? Are they going to be

' cooked without the Goose? And how about the Mets? Can

Darryl Strawberry and a seemingly flne crop of young pit-
chers carry them back toward respectability? Following is a
preview of each team’s strengths, weaknesses, and an
overall outlook, starting with the Yankees. After all, I am a
Yankee fan.

Strengths: The first thing that comes to mind Is Dave Win-
ﬁeld. There are just no two ways about‘it — David Mark
Winfield, Star. That’s it. End of discussion. No questions ask-
ed. Through all the turmoil, all the hoopla, and, well, all the
garbage that‘s been going on in the Bronx over the past cou-
ple of years, Dave Winﬁeld has been the one constant plus.
For three years he has played day in and day out, hustled his
tail off all over the ﬁeld, kept his mouth relatively shut, and
has picked up a 34 ounce piece of wood and sent rockets
sailing through outﬁelds of American League ballparks. He is
the premier player on this team, and a force in the American
Leagues

Another thing that seems to me to be a strength is the pit-
ching. It's anybody’s guess who will start and who will go to
the pen, because it's likely to change a number of times dur-
ing the year, but a staff with Righetti, Guidry, Montefusco,
Fontenot, and Niekro is one of the better ones in the weak-
pitching American League. They may be shufﬂed around a
lot, but there are a lot of live arms there.

I’d also have to say depth, although this may actually be a
liability because there is an overabundance of mediocre
talent. Still, there will always be some very capable people
on the bench.

' : AL'BANYySTUDFENTfRESSzEI“TUESDAY APRILJ,‘ 1904

 baseballreview “

Weaknesses: Whether or not Righetti’s bullpen role works
or not, losing Goose Gossage has to hurt. There is no ques-
tion in my mind that a great reliever is the most valuable

player'a team can have. A Gossage or a Sutter can make the _

whole pitching staff look sensational. i will say flat out that
when the Goose was at the,top of his game he was the most

important player on the Yankees,‘meaning that in i978,
" 1980, and 198] the Yankees would have been a second or

fhird place team without him. If you disagree, come up to
the ASP office, introduce yourself to me and say, "Mark, I
disagree." I will sit and talk with you for hour upon hour un-
til you’re convinced the Goose was the Franchise.

Another problem goes back to what I said about depth.
The Yanks have too many marginal players that don’t
deserve to be everyday players; thus, they have lots of
players that play that aren't super-talented and a lot of
players that don‘t deserve to be bench sitters. Who’s your
third baseman? Is it Toby Harrah? How about Smalley?
Maybe he should be at ﬁrst. But then where do you put Mat-
tingly? 0r Griffey? He's in center. But what about Moreno?
Making out the Yanks' lineup card this year is going to be as
complicated as filling out the housing forms at this Universi-

Yv .

Overall: Too many inconsistencies at each position and
the loss of Gossage will keep the Yanks at the 88-92 win
range, which should be good enough for second or third
place In a tough AL East. Watch out for the Tigers in 1984.

Now for the Mets. Like I said, l'm a Yankee fan and, I'
might add, a big one. But I am also a baseball fan and I do
root for the Mets, so if they‘re more fun to watch than the
Yankees are, I'll be spending many a summer night at Shea
this year.

Strengths: The Straw Man. Darryl Strawberry has made
the Mets fun to watch and possibly given them the founda-
tion for a solid baseball team. There were two instances last
year when i really saw some awesome talent just ready to
burst out, when I knew that this guy was special. One was
when he lofted what seemed to be a lazy fly ball to leftcenter
field against the Giants that wound up lofting into the
bleachers in Candlestick Park. The other was when he ab-
solutely crushed a Bob Forsch fastball into the third deck at
Shea. Forsch is certainly not a fastball pitcher, and when he
tried to sneak one by The Straw Man he got rocked, and
Darryl rounded the bases with a look in his eyes that said,

 

“Hey, chump, you better have some better heat than that or
l'm going to hit it across the parking lot and onto Court 3 at
the National Tennis Center."

Another asset ls Keith Hernandez. He’s one of those rare
breed of players that can hit .300 In his sleep, and he has no
equals defensively at first base. He's also the ﬁrst baseman
on my All-Winner team -— he's a leader, he’ll go in the dirt
for you, and he can win a game in a dozen different ways.

Although they’re relatively untested I'd have to say the
Mets’ starting pitching is a definite plus, if not immediately
then certainly soon. Opposing scouts say they are the best
young pitchers in baseball, and if Gooden, Terrell, Darling,
et. al. can fulfill some of their promise this year then Met fans
are going to be in for a real treat this summer. Plus yod've
got Jesse Orosco in the pen, who is automatic to get out a
lefthanded batter, and can handle the righties almost as well.

Weaknesses: Defense. Not only up the middle, but to the
left side as well. Save for Strawberry and Hernandez, the
Mets have one of the worst defensive teams I can remember.

Hernandest going to save a lot of wild throws at first, but he »

should get a pair of shinguards to protect himself and should
work a lot in spring training on ﬁelding some rotten throws:
If Dave Johnson, as he says he will, puts out an infield of
Huble (I've Made Three Errors in One Inning) Brooks, Ron
(My Fielding Average is Below the Mendoza Line)
Gardenhire and Wally (l Can't Throw the Ball ‘Into the
Ocean When i Stand on a Boat) Backman, the fans behind
tars" base are going to get a lot of souvenirs, but not from foul

a s. »

Choose any other position besides first or right field.
Mookie Wilson can run down a lot in center, but I’ve seen
shotputters throw farther than he does. George Foster'ls a
lousy fielder, and i don't know who their catcher’s going to

Also, aside from the 3-4-5 slots in the lineup (Hernandez;
Foster-Strawberry) the Mets’ hitting is feeble. it’s one thing to
sacrifice hitting for defense, but the Mets seem to sacrifice
both.

Overall: I really would not be surprised to see the Mets
finish last, but in this sham ofa division 90 wins could mean
ﬁrst place. I don't see the Mets realistically finishing higher
than fourth, but I do see an entertaining year ahead and a big
stride toward respectability. . El

 

Rock-n-Roll
Dance Party at the Rafters

Thursday, April 5, 1984
9:00pm-3:OOan

Tix only available that WCDB 91tm
Tune in for you chance to win

 

(Finer ot1tirequlud)

 

 

AND

PRESENT:

 

 

 

SA FUNDED J

 ......._....,.m_ L“, H

  

 

  
 

The following article was written to meet
last Thursday night's deadline. The subse:
quent running of the Florida Derby saw Swale
defeat Dr. Carter by three-quarters of a length
in an exciting stretch dual. As expected the
others were no match as Darn That Alarm

. ﬁnished a distant third. Swale covered the

mile-and-an-eighth' in a very impressive
i:47-2, jockey Lafﬁt Pincay saving ground the
whole way. The Gotham, which was also
scheduled to be run on Saturday, was
postponed until Saturday, April 7 due to in-
clement weather in the metropolitan area.
- '..' . *'

 

By KEITH MARDEIt
and mac NAGLER

Last December the Woody Stephens-
trained Devil’s Bag boarded a plane for
Florida as the undefeated, odds-on favorite
to win the I984 Kentucky Derby. He was so
invincible as a two-year-old,‘ he was syn-
dicated for an amazing $36 million (it seem-
ed like a bargain). At that point the question
was not who would win the Derby, but what
would be the Bag‘s margin of victory and

could he break the mighty Secretariat’s Der-

 

by record of 159-2 for the mile and a quarter
classic.

Now having suffered the ﬁrst defeat of his
career, a shocking fourth place finish in the
Flamingo Stakes behind leading Derby con-
tenders Tlme ForA Change andDr. Carter as
well as longshot Rexson's Hope, Devil's Bag
returns to New York looking to regain his
status as the clear-cut Derby choice. He
presently shares the favorite’s roll with his
stablemate Swale along with Time For A
Change and Dr. Carter.

The unexplainable defeat of Devil's Bag
has also left the trainers of others such as Fall

  

 

 

JOHNNY evens
swarms GOODS

330 Central Ave. ( Next to Le Fat Cat )
HOURS: Mon-Fri. 9-5:30/ Thurs. 9-8/ Sat. 9-5

463-221 1

PREPARE YOURSELF FOR THE
SOFTBALL SEASON!"

All softball, baseball, uniforms in stock!
Lettering done on premises.

Bats regripped

Team discounts, *

Immediate delivery

Trophies and Awards

Special prices on T-shirts -
Caps - Bats - Bails - etc.

 

I

   

 

 

 

'5'!

 

ALCOHOL FREE
MALT BEVERAGE

IMPORTED FROM
SWITZERLAND. . . . .

ONLY 50 CALORIES. . . . .

AND , ALCOHOL-F REE

‘ TUESDAY APRIL 3, 1,984 a ALBANY STUDENTPRE'SS-V sportspﬁl  i

I he stretch run tome Derby

T.me, Althea, Precisionist, Taylor's Special,
Silent King, Secret Prince, Lucky Lucky
Lucky, Vision and The Wedding Guest with
the hope that theymay be the ones smelling
roses on the first Saturday in May.

With the Derby still ﬁve weeks away and
seven major Derby preps still to be run it
should be an interesting and exciting Road to
the Roses. It all begins on Saturday March 31
with the Jim Beam Spiral Stakes and the
Florida Derby, and the Gotham Stakes April
7. Those races will be followed by the Santa
Anita Derby, the Arkansas Derby, the Wood
Memorial and the Bluegrass Stakes and
should answer many questions as to who will
be the pretenders and who will be the con-
tenders in this year's Run For The Roses.

The Gotham at Aqueduct will be run at a
mile and seventy yards this year and is of
special interest as it marks Devil's Bag’s first
start since his disappointing Flamingo. The
Bag is expected to be heavily favored over a

. field of seven and Indicated his fitness with a

brilliant six furlong workout in 1:09-2 at
Hialeah last Friday. His main opposition is
expected to come from the highly regarded
Secret Prince. A victory by anyone else
would be a major upset.

The mile-and-a-sixteenth Jim Beam Spiral
Stakes at Latonia Race Track in Kentucky will
feature Vision, Lucky Lucky Lucky and The
Wedding Guest. Last year the race was won
by Kentucky Derby favorite Maria. This
year’s edition does not seem to feature a
serious Derby contender. Vision, another
Stephens trained colt, is expected to be a
slight favorite but we look for the filly Lucky
Lucky Lucky to score a mild upset. The Wed-
tling Guest appears to be a sprinter and we
don‘t see him as a threat at any distance
longer than a mile.

Gulfstream Park's Florida Derby at a mile-
and-an-eighth will feature the most exciting
head-to-head competition of the (lay. It will

8b

79

l!!!

 

 

 

