 

 NE ws omens '

 

Worldwide -
Starlets  valley

New Delhi, Inrliu
(APMfghan and Soviét troops éverran the
bases of a major gucrilla group tuesday and
captttred the strategic Panjsher valley. which
controls vital supply routes in Afghanistan.
Radio Kabul reported. .

The claim followed Western diplomatic
reports titat Soviet and Afghan forces ltad
launched 'a new offensive against Panjsher.
where rebel forces resisted six previous
assaults in the past four years.

In Washington. U.S. government sottrces
had also reported that an offensive was under
way. They said the rchles, who are trying to
topple the Soviet-installed rcgitne itt
Athanistan. had dealt a severe blow to the
Soviets' supply line by blowing up the Mat-
lock Bridge.

A Western diplomat. speaking in New
Delhi on condition he not be identified by
name or nationality. said Soviet aircraft on
kSatttrday began high-altitude hotnbittg of
the Panjshcr. a 70-milc long valley nortlt of
Kabul. the Afghan capital.

A year-long truce between the Soviets and
Masud expired in January and a spreing of-
fensive was anticipated.

Six largej-scalc Soviet catnpaigns over the
past three years have failed to wrest control
of the valley. which Masoud uses ttscs as a
base for guerilla strikes in other regiotts.

Buffer zone disputed

Beirnl. Lela/mm
(AP)Ohser\crs assigned to monitor
Lebanon‘s fragile cease-fire came ttndcr
sniper fire Tuesday at a dispttted building
along the iitte dividing Beirutis. Moslem and
Christian secotors.

Disptttes over buffer zones at the building
and at a now-closed elevated highway bet-
ween' the two sectors have been holding up
completion of a plan to separate warring
militias and establish a coalition government
that would more accurately rcpresettt the na-
tion's religious and ethnic ntakcup.

A security committee tnet again to try to
work out details of the disengagement plan.
police said. The comntittee represents tltc
Lebanese army and Christian. Druse and
Shiite Moslcm militias.

Disengagcment of the combatants. wlticlt
began Thursday, ltas hectt cotnplctcd along
the rest of tire thrcc-milc "green line" itt.
Beirut. the southern suburbs and around the
mottntaintop town of Souk cl-(‘ultarb cast of
the capital.

Nationwide?

Reagan visits China

Ilmlultr/It
(AP)Presidettt Reagan. who left 'I'uesday for
Guam and the final stop before he Irmclcd to
China on Thursday. said his trip is aimed ill
building support for opposing the Soviet
Union's “expansionist aggression."

Free llstln 93

Holes

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

,2 ALeANrsrUDENTﬁREss ' f FRIDA r APRIL 27. 1984

 

 

“We journey to China in a spirit of peace
and friendship. realistic about ottr dtl-

ferences. bttt desiring to build upon our corn-

tnon interests.“ Reagan said in a prepared
departure statement.

Reagan planned to spend Wednesday night
in Guam before continuing onto Peking on
Thursday.

Tltc president said the United States “tnttst
work with our friends to keep the Pacific tru-
ly peaceful -— an ocean for conuttcrce. no
conflict

Quake hits California

Mnrgun Hill. California
(Al’iA powerful earthquake jarred a wide
area of Northern California on Tuesday. trig-,
gering a $1 trtiliion fire. knockinghottses
from their foundations and sltaking San
Francisco skyscrapers. At least 21 people suf-
fered minor injuries.

Tltc University of California
seismographic station in Berkeley said the
earthquake struck at lzio p.m.. PST and
registered 6.2 on the Richter settle. II was
centered on the (’aiavcras I-‘ault I2 miles east
of San Jose and SI) miles south of San Fran-
cisco. '

'fhc quake was felt for huttdrcds of miles.
evctt into ucstcrn Netttda. but tttost of the
datnagc appeared minor and centered in
Morgan Hill. about it) miles south of San
.losc.

Nippon-National join

Pillsburglt
(Al’ffhc giant Japanese steelmaker Nippon
Kokan gained a strategic foothold in the pro-
Ied midwestern steel market tinder a joint

 

venture announced with National Steel
Corp.. the seventh-ranked U.S. producer.

The $292 million deal. paralleling General
Motors Corp.'s ventttre with the Japanese
carmaker Toyota. also gives National access
to technology and expertise that has left left
American steelmakers hard-pressed to match
the qttality of Japanese imports. siad James
E. Haas. president of Natinal's parent. Na-
tional lntcrgroup Inc.

National weathered a steel industry decline
over the last few years by tailoring itself to
provide the resurgent auto indttstry with flat-
rolled products.

     

.&

W

Fare Increase possible

New York
(AP)The city‘s taxi czar says Mayor Edward

  

Koch plans a three-stage effort to beef up'

regulation of the city's 47.000 taxicabs and
the proposals would add to cents to the cost
of the ride.

Jay Turoff. chairman of the City Taxi and
Limousine Commission. said proposals to be
announced by the mayor Thursday include a
hike in the commission‘s bttdgct from $5.4
million to SII million a year. enabling the
agency to nearly double the number of en-
forcement agents.

To offset the increased budget. he said. the
mayor will propose increasing registration
and license fees in the industry.

And to offset the additional cost to taxi
owners. the first drop of the meter would
cost SLIO. instead of the current SI. Tttroff
said.

 

Koch ms budget

New York
(AP)Mayor Edward Koch says the city
budget for the next fiscal year should be the
best of the seven annual budgets he has
fashioned -— which is why he just couldn‘t
wait .for Thursday’s ofﬁcial release to
dispense with the good news.

Beginning with an April I9 announcement
that he would hire an additional I.000 police
officers. the mayor has been steadily doling
out details of his expense budget for the fiscal
year beginning July I.

One day it was news of 300 new street
sweepers. another day it was 329 more parks
workers and yet another day was expansion
of the city‘s capital budget. which pays for
major repairs to streets. bridges. tunnels.
sewers and the like.

Exxon denies chages

Albany
(\AP)Exxon Corp. denies that it illegally
duntped polluted water and removed lresh
water from the Hudson River. as the state
alleges in a lawsuit seeking more tltan $l6
million from the company.

Exxon. the world‘s largest oil company.
has acknowledged dutnping salt water ballast
from oil tankers into the river and removing
fresh water for tranportation to its refinery
on the Carribbean island of Aruba.

However. Exxon spokesman Chet
Bushnell reaffirmed the company's position
Wednesday that it violated no state. federal
or local laws and regulations.

 

In Transition." will be New Scotland Ave. Registration

Iege Regionals will be held at more Information and sponsor

 

  

Albany State Olympic Hopefuls
are having a runathon on Sun.
April 29. Details are available In
the SA office.

The Red Cross Bioodmoblte will
be In the CC Ballroom on Mon-
day, April 30 from 10 am. to 4
pm. Interested donors.are urg-
ed to attend. ’ ' '
The Sociology Department wllt
hold its 14th annual Theodore
G. Stanley lecture on Tues. May
1 at 2 pm. In the PAC Recital
Hall. This year's lecture. "Dilem-
mae of Masculinity: Gender

delivered by Professor Myra
Komarovsky ol Barnard Col-
logo.

A Computer Users Groups Fair
will be held from 10 am. to 4
pm. on April 28 at the Schenec-
tady County Library. All popular
personal computers will be
represented at presentations in-
clude two robots and
demonstrations of various hard-
ware and software.

A Holocaust Conference spon-
sored by the Committee of
Holocaust Survivors and FIZA
will be held April 27-29 at 600

Is $30 for the general public and
special rates are available for
students. For more Info contact
FiZA.

Fuerza Latina will hold Its'an-
nual spring dance Sat. April 28
from 9 pm. to 2 am. in the CC
Ballroom. Tickets are $6 for
singles and $11 for couples.
Telethon '85 Staff Applications:
which are available In the SA
office are due by 4 pm. on Tues.
May 1. Applications should be
returned to the Telethon
mailbox in the SA office.
Ultimate Frisbee Northeast 001'

SUNYA. April 28-29 on the ace-
cer tletds. Teams participating
include Albany State. Yale,
Brown, Dartmouth. and
Syracuse. Games start at 9:30
and will continue all day rain or
shine.

JSC-Hltlel will present
“Genocide” on April 30. at 7
pm. In LC 7. Admission is free
with tax card and $1 without.

A Walkathon for Peace and
Justice will be held on Sat. April
28. beginning at noon. The walk
will begin and end at the Social
Action Center In Albany. For

sheets call the Soclal Action
Center at 4344037.

The Militant Labor Forum will
present the program “Vlolence
Against Women," on Fri. April
27 at 8 pm. at the Militant Labor
Forum Headquarters at 23 Can-
tral Ave. In Albany. The program
ls open to the public.

A Marketing Seminar, “Status
and Credibility: The Keys to
Marketing Success" will be held
on Mon. April 30 at 7 pm. In the
CC Ballroom. The speaker will

Advertising.

 

be Phillip Boos. Jr. of Compton

 

 

 

 

Kennedy wins Pulitzer foracclai'rne'

By Steve Fox

CONTRIBUTING EDITUR

SUNYA Professor William Ken-l
nedy reached a high point last week

literature. the Pulitzer Prize.

lronweed.
The “CW-found success of Albany. is the third in a series of
books being dubbed "The Albany
Cycle." The two other books in the
when his novel Ironwéed received cycle are Leg; and Billy Phalanx

one of the most coveted awards in Greatest Game.

 

a bum's look at

 

Before receiving the Pulitzer for
fiction. Ironweed won the
prestigious National Book Critics
Circle Award as the best novel of
I983 and for all his Albany novels
he received the New York Gover-
nors Arts award. ' _

Kennedy's books have put
Albany on the map. according to
Mayor Thomas M. Whalcn III.
“He probably has done more than
any other resident to give the City
of Albany national and interna-
tional recognition."

While speaking Thursday night at

. .. .4...» "a".-.

 

mm r Apr”; 27,1934 “:1 numerous/yr ékbssj 32

noting the impressive turnout at the ’
Campus Center Ballroom. He add-1 

ed that he does not know when he
will have the cohesive state of mind
to start teaching again. bttt that he
will remain connected to SUNYA
through his position as director of
the institute.

The Institute, which was formed
in February of this year was made
possible through a 3264.000 tax-free
grant awarded to Kennedy through
the MacArthur Foundation.

Kennedy said in February that he
feels the Institute will attract some

Winning the Pulitzer was a
“spectacular time. ”
— William Kennedy

 

the inauguration of the SUNYA
Writers Institute (see story p.l).
Kennedy described tltc past week as
“very crazy."

Kennedy said he was especially
glad to have his friend and mentor
Sattl Bellow the gttcst speaker for
the night present to celebrate with
him. “I would have given my back
teeth to have a conversation with

SSaul Bellow when l was a young
writer." Kennedy said in a press
conference earlier this year.

“This is an auspicious start for

AF tltc Institute." said Kennedy,

' of the best writers in the world and

put Albany on the writers beat.

The Institute is interested in
hosting well known as well as new
and emerging writers. and would
ultimately like to get writers from
around the world.

Kennedy said that his winning of
the Pulitzer last week is a “spec-
tacular time" in his life. The author
noted that in the frantic days after
winning the prize he was forced to
leave towtt for a few days to avoid
tlte flood of phone calls he was
receiving.

 

,. .- .. g

7or the pastl'lftccn months. Ken-
nedy has been involved in a whirl-
wind of activity. receiving awards
and grants for his writings that
culminated last 'week with the
Pulitzer.

The 56-year-old SUNYA pro-
fessor has been on leave from the
University since January 1983.
when he received the MacArthur
grant. allowing him to devote all his
efforts to his writing.

Last September SUNYA ap-
pointed Kcnned'y, then a part-time
creative writing lecturer. to be a
tenured full professor of English.

SUNYA President Vincent
O'Leary said in a Times Union arti-
cle that, “We are absolutely
delighted that a member of our
faculty has been awarded the
Pulitzer Prize."

Kennedy is presently working on
screenplays for his novels. but he
noted that he wants to “get out of
the movie business. and get back to
writing."

Kennedy grew up in North
Albany. the setting of many of his
novels. He worked as a reporter on
the Albany Times Union and in San
Juan. Ptterto Rico. where he was a
student under Bellow. He rejoined
the Times Union in I963 and
published his first novel in 1969.

The history of Ironweed shows
that persistence docs pay off- the
novel was rejected thirteen times
before it was published. fl

‘ I

 new

Division I sports possible under new proposal

By Jane Anderson
ASSOC/A TE Nliif's EDImR

Student governments SUNY-wide would
losehggngrolpf the funds for. intramural and
intercollegiate athletics. but could participate
in Division 1 sports. if the SUNY Board of
Trustees adopts a task force recommenda-
tion. The recommendation has. however.
been met with unified opposition from stu-
dent leaders who claim that the move is “an
administration power grab."

At a meeting of the Board of Trustees
Wednesday. SUNY Chancellor Clifton
Wharton stressed that “specific aspects of
the proposal still require more work." and
added that no decision is likely to be made
until this is done.

The 27 members of the Student Life Task
Force. four of which are students. have pro-
posed that the student activity fee be lessened
by approximately 25 percent. and a separate
athletics fee be charged to cover Iltc cost of
intramural and intercollegiate athletic pro-
grams.

Under the new proposal. the athletic
budget would be instituted by a "board of
athletic control." Faculty and administrators
would comprise a majority on eaclt campus

_ board. in order to comply with National Col-

legiate Athletics Association (NCAA)
guidelines. the‘Task Force report stated.

The proposal. if implemented, would per-
mil campuses to award athletic scholarships
not based on need. and could lead to a move
to NCAA Division I for some SUNY carn-
pttses. possibly including SUNYA.

Stttdent Association of the State University
(SASU) President Jim Tierney stressed that
“students will fight this tooth and nail."
Tierney called the proposal “an administra-
tion power grab."

“I don't feel that's the case at all.” said
Acting Assistant Vice Chancellor for Student
Affairs William Murabito. The Task Force
subtrtitted a “reasonable recommendation
after deliberating." he explained.

Allocation of the athletic fee funds would
be Itandied by a “Board of Athletic
Control." comprised of a minimum of 33
percent students and a minimum of SI per-
cent faculty and administrators. the report
said.

The board of athletic control would have
the power to raise the athletics fee by 10 per-
cent eaeh year. according to the report.

Tierney expressed fears that an at hleties fee
could lead to “fees for everything."

“Nobody thinks we-can afford" Division I
sports. maintained Tierney. He said that an
athletic fce controlled by the administration
would most likely go up, and added that a
school would need at least $350 per student
each year to participate in Division I
sports.Through the mandatory student ac-
tivity fee. each student currently pays ap-
proximately $25 per year to fund athletics.

Murabito said that there is no way to fund
Division I sports through the current or pro-
posed fce structures. “It would take a great
influx of money.“ he said.

Division 1 sports learns would be funded
through a combination of many different
sources. including ticket sales and media
coverage, explained Murabito.

Murabito stressed that if the new policy
was approved. “just a few campuses" would
tnove tip to Division l sports. “90 percent of
the campuses will stayjust the way they are."
he declared.

Each campus will decide for themselves
whetlter they will sponsor Division I learns.
said Murabito.

Murabito said that SUNYA would be a
candidate for Divison l sports because of its
location and the proposed building of a new
Civic Center.

The Task Force recommended changing
the Board of Trustees policy to allow
“grants-in-aid based primarily on a student's
athletic ability." according to the report.

"Should a needy student be forced to stilt-
sidize a non-needy student‘s education?"
asked Tierney.

Ticrttey called the proposal a "band~aid
solution" to mask cuts in faculty and
resources" in the SUNY system. He asserted
that programs suclt as health services and
women‘s safety should be higher priorities
for SUNY. rather titan “‘big titnc athletics."

Tierney, who is a full voting member of the
Board of Trustees. said that he has the sup-
port of student leaders SUNY-wide. as well
as many of the 13 Board members.

Murabito said that Board opinion on the
issue was “difficult to assess." He said that
tawny SUNY athletic directors supported the
I ca.

Ticrttcy said the recommendation was a
response to pressure from certain legislators.
and some SUNY presidents. coaches and
alumni.

The Task Force report stated that the pre-
sent SUNY policy is not in compliance with
NCAA guidelines. Tierney maintained that

the policy does comply with NCAA
guidelines.

The Task Force cited abuses in the present
athletics program. said Tierney. but be con-
tended that the rcport didn't mention "any
specific abuses."

“Abuses don‘t exist." maintained Tierney.

Murabito said he could not remember ex-
actly what the abuses were.

The Quality of Student Life'Task Force
was appointed in the Fall of I982 by Whar-
ton. and undertook a review of sports at
SUNY as its first project. according to the
report. l' l

 

By AIIcIa Cimbora

A‘Ill mam I. ASSISTANT ,

The SUNY Graduate Student
Employees Union (GSEU). following a
recommendation in March from the
GSEU Affiliation Committee. voted in
favor of becoming affiliated with the
Communications Workers of America
(CWA). according to GSEU member
Connie LaPorta.

The vote was held on Wednesday and
Thursday in the Campus Center and
Draper Hall at SUNYA. as well as at the
other three University centers. Buffalo.
Stony Brook and Bingttamton.

At SUNYA. I9 members voted in favor
of affiliation. and 4 against. LaPorta said
the votes at other scltools were also in sup-
port of affiliation. bttt site didn't have
specific numbers. "

The GSEU is a SUNY-wide organiza-
tiott which represents the 3500-4000
Graduate. Teaching and Research
Assistants (GAAA’s) employed
throughottt the SUNY system.

According to Mark Pettitt. a GSEU
statewide organizer. GSEU is seeking af-
filiation because "it's good to have the
support of a larger union. The CWA has
experience and can offer us financial sup-
port and the best background training."

The political influence of a larger union
is also very important. Pettitt said. "We
want more bargaining power with the
' state.‘ LaPorta added.

When asked why the CWA was chosen.
- Pettitt said. “We talked with four dif-
ferent unions. and chose the CWA
because we felt it was the best run union
internally and they offered us the best deal
with regard to autonomy." According to
LaPorta. “(Under the CWA) we'll be
fairly independent and able to make our

 

GSEU members vote to affiliate
with Communications Workers

 

own decisions."

With the backing of the CWA. the
GSEU plans to set up committees to
discuss issues such as obtaining uniform
pay rates and working hours. health
benefits. job security and unity
throughout the SUNY system.

Physics Teaching Assistant Keith Inglis
said that "money is not the major reason
we are organizing. We're trained and
we're educated and we want the profes-
sional status we deserve. We want to be
able to contribute to the educational
system."

LaPorta explained the poor voter tur-
nout by calling Albany “one of the ntorc
poorly organized campuses."

She explained that there was poor
advertisement of the vote because of spr-
ing break.

Informational forums were held at the
four university centers to help members
make an educated choice. according to
Pettitt.

The GSEU. which will now be known
as the GSEU-CWA, is currently stating its
case to the Public Employment Relations
Board (PERB). A submission ofa petition
with the signatures of 30 percent of the
members is required to enable the GSEU
to represent its members in collective
bargaining. The GSEU has surpassed this
requirement and submitted this to PERB,
according to Pettitt.

“We're gearing up now for the cer-
tification election" which will he held
sometime next fall, Pettitt said.

This election will mark the ofﬁcial ccr-
tification of the GSEU with the CWA. tr
graduate student employees throughout
the SUNY system vote to approve the
cscu. D

 

 

