 
  

 

. a 7......

 .16;SponsALBANYSI‘UDENIPRESS LtZFRIDA Y, FEBRUARY24, I984

Women:
uCOIlége team l56.25 to 92.95. This
Was the last‘ home meet of the.

B John F. Parker

STAFF WRITER

In a record-shattering perfor?

mance Wednesday evening at the
. university Gym, the Albany State

women ,, .. . soundly ‘ ” ‘
a less-experienced Westfield State

 

   

season for the Danes; and for senior

tri-captains Virginia Lockman and

Elicla Steinberg it certainly was a
L' performance.

The old team [record of l55.2 was,

demolished at the end of the even-
ing while Brenda Armstrong also
set an individual record. Her high
score of 8.3 on the uneven parallel
bars broke her own school record of
(HS.

Lockman also proved to be a true

 

 

 

 

arm—r ». ~

 

 

 

 

HE'S A BIG-CITY KID IN A SMALL TOWN WORLD.
HE’S some to LIVE av HIS OWN RULES.
EVEN tF HE HAS to BREAK. may one or THEIRS.

  
   

 

PRRRTTIIJUNT PIETURES PRESENTS R DFINIEL ITIELNIEI’t PREIDUETIUN
Fl HERBERT RUSS FILlTl-FDDTLQDSEghEVIN BREUN-LURI SINGER
DIRNNE WIEST RNUIIDHN LITHGUWI'EXECUTIVE PRODUCER
DFINIEL lTIELNIEI’rWRITTEN BV-DERN PITEHFURD'F‘RODUCED E‘r‘
LEWIS J. RFICHTTIIL RNU ERRIE ZRDRN'DIREETED B‘t’ HERBERT RUSS
RERD THE PRPERBRCH FRUIT] WRLLRBH’ BDDHS'URIGINRL TTIDTIDN PICTURE
SDUNDTRREK RLBUTTI DN EDLUITIBIR RECORDS RND ERSSETTES .- n
' Mmresrrm' HEBEEEUELHNIEEIUBE.

:goiurlﬂﬁnniuhﬁmlucu .. wuutttnrtutms

 

   

 

 

(A \\\

:' -
r:

 \

WHAT DO MOUNTAIN RAPPELLING, COLLEGE
CREDITS AND FILM MAKING HAVE IN COMMON?

ISRAEL

All are excrttng options in summer programs for
college students offered exclusively by the
American Zionist Youth Foundation
the one address for Israel programs

touan - xraaurz o stunv I seems - ntrrctou: mOGnAMs
tSRAEL PROGRAMS FAIR '
FEB. eavnooams EXPERT
tSRAELt FOOD. MUSIC AND INFO ON
SUMMER~SEMESTER-YEAB PROGRAMS
CC 32040-3
a counter. and mm own. m run run. mt. my. term um mam

 

NOWIE KAPLAN

sponsoneo av JSCMILLEL I
OED I «1.10»

an Fun son two on _A_Nl_l Pnoonw

 

 

 

 

island-out in the meet as she cap-

tured the all-around competition
with a,32.0. Karen Bailey and Arm-
strong .followed closely behind with
a 3L9 and a 31.65, respectively.
Lockman started her winning

. ways in the vault competition by ty-

ing teammate Terri Sokol for ﬁrst
place with an 8.25. Sokol has been a
very strong performer in the vault
all season and Wednesday proved
to be no different. Bailey and Karen
Thomasett also registered fine
scores for the Danes.

Armstrong's record-breaking
performance on the uneven parallel
bars was truly dynamic. Her skill.
strength and enthusiasm were in
perfect sync and nothing could have

prevented her from shattering the

ecord. Junior tri-captain Anne

  

Thomasett also put on a beautifttl
display as she scored an 8.05.

Armstrong did not let up after
the bars event, she just went out
and captured the balance beam
competition with an 8.0. Lockman
placed second with a 7.7. while
Bailey came in a- close third.

It was again time for Lockman to
take the limelight in her finale at
Albany State. She registered a
perfectly-executed 8.55 in the final
event of the evening, the floor exer-
cise. Her score took first place and
made this a night she won't soon
forget. Bailey again did an outstan-
ding job. as did Elicia Steinberg.
who also went out in fine fashion.

The Great Danes now will com-
pete in the State Championships at
Ithaca College on Saturday at 6:00
pm.

 

 

 

boat Westtietd in a

The women‘s gymnastics team
record-

 

 

broakln orlormanco.

 

 

  

 

for SUN YAC competition

By Michael Skonick
STAFF WRITER

Completing their second season
under the guidance of Head Coach
Joe Shore, the women‘s swimming
team heads into this weekend’s
SUNYAC championships at
Geneseo as a confident favorite.
They finished their season at l4-l.
an outstanding season in which
many new records were set and ex-
pectations were surpassed.

In the ncxt-to-last meet of the
season the team battled Oneonta
and came away with an easy
64.5-39.5 victory. The highlight of
this meet was the 200 yard freestyle
race in which the team of Janet
Bowman. Carol Pearl, Carole Elie
and Kris Monahan qualified for the
NCAA individual championships
with a time of l:44.06. a full two
seconds better titan any other relay
team. it is a dual honor for
Bowman who also qualified in the
100 yard butterﬂy. .Iattc Klotz. the
team‘s outstanding diver will also
be a representative. This year is also
the ﬁrst in which Albany has sent

lanyonc to the nationals and it is the
first time a relay team has qualified.

The final meet of the season was
last Saturday against Middlchttry
and the team won handily. 76~49. it
was an especially good afternoon
for Elic. as she won botlt the 100
yard butterlly and the 100 yard
freestyle in times of “05.03 and
0:57.7I. The time In the butterfly
:knockcd a ftrll two seconds off lter
|previous best time. The meet also

u ~~~prrmmmhwu .

marked the final meet for learn cap~
lain Caroline Scbarlock who has
swum at Albany for four successful
years.

As far as the SUNYACs are con-
cerned. Shore's outlook is op-
timistic. He said. “We‘re going up
against the best of our competition
and we will be highly seeded. I ex-
pect that most of the competition
will come from Potsdam. Geneseo
and. Oswego. all of whom we
haven't swum against this year."

Pearl. one of the team’s outstan-
ding swimmers, is quietly confi-
dent. “It's going to be tough
because the cotnpetition will be
stiff." she said. "But if we keep our
cool and can be mentally prepared.
I think we have a good chance to
win." Mary Anne Schmidtt echoed
Pearl’s sentiments. noting. “I think
it comes down to the mental aspect
of swintrning. We've had a great
dual mcct season and tire
SUNYACS are like the playoffs for
tts. We know tltc trtlcnt is there. so
we just have to want to win."

With a i4-l record team could
soon be celebrating it SUNYAC
championship.

SPRINC-IIOARDS: The l4-l
record was the best ever for either a
male or female swim team . . . The
old record of l3-2 was set during
Couch Shore's sophomore
year . . . Nationals are set for
March it in Atlanta . . . Team's
stile loss crime against Vermont. a
Division I school.

 

amniositsbr'ea‘k record in‘ bottle ﬁnale f Trackmen deck cards

By Mike Turkady

Last Friday the Albany State men‘s indoo.
track team traveled to Plattsburgh to walk all
over the Cardinals itt head-to-hcad action.
Running unopposed in several events. the
Danes very nearly tripled Plattsburglt‘s score
(100-37) on the way to racking up their sixth
straight dual-meet victory.
thertding his undefeated streak to eight
mcct. rnttstcr thrower Marc Mcrcurio made
a bid to become the most consistent com-
pctitor on the improving Dane ltttck squad.
Mercttr'io won the 35-Ib. weight throw with at
strong effort measured at 493.25“. Mcrcurio
also took second in the shot ptrt. Dane Ron
.Itttnerson was the lone competitor in the pole
vttult which he won with a respectable jtttrtp
of I2‘6". Freshman Mike Roman took sc-
cond irt tltc high jump with his mark of 5‘4".

The team of cttptnirt l’arrl Malice and
junior Bill Waring went l-2 itr both the long
and triple jttrnps. Manec won tltc triple jump
producing a 43-foot 9-inch effort to bent otrt
Warring. bttt Waring took tltc Iortg jump
from Mance in true “heart-attack" fashion.
The junior leapt 2I‘7.75" on his last attempt
surpassing Mancc's excellent ZI'S“ and
qualifying for the State Championships in
one fell stroke.

Albany‘s dominance of the mch intcn—
sificd in the rurtning events where tltc Duties
swept three events and took first in it of the
13 races held. .

Red-hot captain Ed McGiII got the crowd
warmed up when he blew past Plattshurgh
star Bill Ferrcri in the last 60 meters of the
lSOO-nrctcr rttn. McGiII's excellent time of
4:02.} is a personal best because the race was
his first attempt at the mile-equivalent
distance. Questioned after the meet l-‘ct't'cr'i
exclaimed. “l was really shocked when he
beat me otrt. I didn't think Itc could rtrn like
llltll. but I watched him do it. so you have to
gite Ititn credit." Dane sophomore Ian
Clements also run a personal best time. plac-
ing third in 412.8. .

The man who competes with Merctrrio for
the title of "most consistent performer“ Is
sophomore hurdle-ace Bruce \lttn 'I'usscl.
Under pressure from two very determined
freshman l’lttttsburgh hurdlcrs. \’trrt_’l';rsse|
looked impressive in his eighth strrtight win its
Itc broke the tape iii 7.] seconds,

The Danes went on to sweep the next two

 

events with captain Pat Saccocio leading the
way. The junior sprinter won the Atoll-meter
dash in a very quick time of :52.0 followed
by junior Ervol Johnston who cdgcd ottt

teammate Patti Bat'tosik for second place. ‘

Both were clocked at :53.8. Senior Andy
Callttri took first plttcc in tire Stlthncter dash
with n time of 1110.4 to Dunc I’rtul I-attty‘s
l:ll.5 effort. Albany's Andrew Skobbins
took third.

Saccocio then tcttmed up with junior .Ioltn
Reilly to place Albany l-I‘. itt the 5Il-ttlL‘lL‘l
drtsh. Snccocio‘s second will was clocked at
5.9 seconds. while Reilly finished in (i.|
seconds. Rcilly later came back to set at new
school record III the .‘IOII—tttctcr dosh. which
lie wort. Reilly‘s record time was 137.6.
Albany‘s littrtosik finished second itt 38.8.
The 4v-itXl why of ('rtllrtri. .lohntson. Sitc<
cocio. and Iiittlly run unopposed to finish
first irt 3:»II.3. Strid Reilly. “Our rerun wasn‘t
really pushing too hard. but l’lattsbrrrgh
didn't put up much of a fight. If these guys
have arty spiriter's. they must Irate been
hiding today."

Albany's distance sqtrrtd also did well I_-‘ri-
day. Freshman Dave Illcttc hard the most
competition of arty Dunc. In the XtXHttctcr
rttn Blcttc ran tr personal bcst time of 2:014.
but finished third bclrind Plattshurglr‘s onc-
titnc super runner. Dean I)t'il7. In the
l0t)0-metcr run. the Danes controch the rttcc
frotn start to firtislr as up and coming
sophomore Crttig I’nrlato outkicked junior
'l'otn Kacttndes to win in a personal best little
of 2237.5. while freshmen Mike Mans finish-
cd third recording a best-ever 2:4I.ll. corn-
pleting the Albany swccp. I’arlnto was named
coach's runner-of-thcvmcct for his perfor-
rnttncc.

“This meet was good for its." sttitl Ilcttd
Conch llolt Murrsey. “I think that this team
will consistently pttt 100 percent rttrd w hcthcr
or not tltcy score big irt the post season.
they‘re winners because of that attitude.
We‘re dottc very. very well with the tnlcttt
we'xc got and the ittditiduul improtemcrrts
IlilH.‘ been significant. These guys hate spirit
nnd‘tltcy work well together. that‘s what
makes c hing fun." The truekrncrt will
lnkc their 6—2 record into the post sctlstttl its
the team ctltttpctcs lit the RP] Ill\iliilitrtlill
this Saturday :Il 1100 p.nr.

  
 

Women triumph, 70-52

by Jim Erwin

In track and field taking the must fier
places doesn‘t nlways ensure \ ictory. There is
the aspect of depth. those second and third
places. which allow the deeper. more well
rounded learn to emerge victorious from :t
mcct. Using their new found depth. the
Albany State women‘s indoor truck tcttrtt
\L‘t‘tt‘cd ill] impressive \ictot'y o\cr host I’Ittll-
sbur‘g last Friday. 'l'nking only sis of thirteen
individual first plrtces turd splitting the l\\‘t)
relays. the Danes still piled up enough second
and thirds to win. 70-52. “I was \cr'y plcttscd.
our depth definitely wrts tltc difference in
wittrting tltc meet." said rt Iltlppy coach White
following tltc tncct.

The field events were it source of many
Points as the Dnne‘s dominated a weak I’Irttt-
shurg field crew. Mttry Rundles took first in
the shotpttt with at throw of 33'8". qualifying
her for linstcrtts. i’lrtcing third itt tltc shot was
Andrea l)cl.rrtrricr with rt throw of 2‘)‘8‘/é“.
.Icnn Jones lcd Albany to it sweep of the long
jump with it leap of IS‘ it)“. Kttrcn Robinson
and Ginny (irincr were right behind. with
jumps of l5'9" ttrtd 15‘5“ respectively. All
lltrcc have quttlificd for the long jump at
States. In the triple jtttnp. (irincr took first
with a Jl'ﬁ” jttrnp. tr new school record.
.lortes followed in second with it jump of
29'4". (irincr gained her second win of the
ntcct iii the high jtttnp with :t height of 4'll"
to close otrt Albany's scoring irt the field
events.

(‘rtptain Karen Kttrthy opcned Albany‘s
scoring itt the running, events taking it second
iii the I500—mcter run with it fine time of
5:090 Mttttrtt Mtthon finished it strong third
with a litne of 5:ll.t). Ilotlt qualified for
States in the race.

lit the 50-mctcr hurdles Albany's depth
crtrnc through ttgttin. tts (iinny (iriner and
Karen Robinson placed second ttlltl third.
(lrincr finished only one-tenth of it second
behind Plttttshttrg's ’l'rtmmy '/.wirtgc with it

quick time of 8}) seconds.

Ihe Jilti-rttctcr rttrt sttw Albany‘s scctttttl
sweep or tile (III) and the beginning of it \cty
fine day for Doreen Iltrtcltittsort, Hutchinson
won itt n time oi l:t)5.7. with Kztrctt I-i\Icr sc»
court in l:tlft.3 .tntl \\‘rtrrd;t hlcl-ztddcn tltiru
in |:07.|.

I‘lttttsbttrgh stttrtdottt (‘Itrtrlette I'ctlltlll
proved tohc too much for Mary t'rtrrnody
lllitI .lcrtrr .loncs. two of Albany‘s strongest
runners. in the Stiti-ntctcr rrtrr. I~'ctttott litll it
may quick |:22..1 with both t'rtt'tnody ltllLI
.loncs close behind irt l:2-t.(r. (‘rtrrnody wits
giten second place. and the lime qualified
both for States.

Running tough. Dorccn lluthcinson held
on for her second witt in the lltXl-tttcter run
where she won in 2214.8 to edge ottt .lrtttice
(icnlcy of I’Iuttsbtrrgh.

The MID-meter dash sttw I‘rcshrtttttt scttsrt-
lion Mary ('ttrmody ngairt nipped by I’Iilll-
sbrrrgh‘s licntort. Mnry finished the race
strongly. making up ground slcttdily itt tlrc
litst 50 meters. htrt run otrt of room. Ilcr' close
second plrtcc was timed in 45.7 seconds.

In the 3000-mctcr rtrn. l’lttttsburgh finish-
ed first. btrt Albany. as was the case
throughout much of the tncct. garnered sc-
cond and third places. Karen Kttrthy ran her
second strong race of the meet. placing sc-
cond with at time of |I:It).(i. Sophomore
lietlc I)/rrrnbrr's tirtrc was a personal best.
making it three mccts it) it row she has im—
proved her trust itt cilhcr' tltc 3000 or 5000
meter runs.

Albany closed orrt the scoring in the meet
by taking tltc M800 mete I try. The team of
(‘rtr'rnody, Hutchinson. Jones and Iittt'nlttun
were clocked ttt l0:23.3. holding off rt strong
l’lttttsburgh team. The relay win llltltIC a tri-
plc \yittttcr out of freshman llutchirtsott.Thc
4\titit)-mctcr rcltty tcrtm will compete, along
with those inditidtttrls who qualified. at the
State meet to be held at ('ortlrtnd this
weekend. I '

  

,e

a a

I

FRIQA Y. FEBRUAR Y 24. 19494 r3 ALBANY STUDENT mass  ‘17

 

 

"SELF-II EL“? TAPES .

To am You Full t'ntormotlon
To Help You Help Youmlt ,

By placing a phone call to the

:

How to use CounselPhone:

 

MEDLE EARTH "COWSEL
PHON _"
45733 79
ll run
you can listen to any one ofa variety ofselﬂrelp and
informational tapes.

0 Select the tape you want to hear lrom the list. S k

I Call the above number and ask for the tape by
name or number.

0 The tape WIlI be played over the phone '

- A phone counselor will automatically answer the
phone at the and ot the tape. \bu may request ‘
iurther rniormation or assistance. it you need it.

Interpersonal Stalls 

30t Assertmg Voursott

302 How to Say "No"

303 Berna in Love

304 tntrmacy

305 Foaling Open With Other!

306 Helping Others with Probtomo‘
307 Constructive 00""th Rowlutron Technique WM

Saxuahty

tot Female Homosexuality

102 Male Homosexuality

to: Male Role Identiﬁcation

m Wotnon‘l Sexual Warm
l05 MIIO Solull Tuning Prow-
roe Commumeatton In Love and Son
t07 Birth Control MothM-

108 Am I Pregnant?

t09 Sexualty Transmrttod Doom
"0 Tram-sexually"

Joeﬂosolvrnp Conﬂicts In Rout-mom- 201 How to Mon Popu-
202nm- Management

Cases 20:! Lorraine.

cot RECDQHIDI‘Q Surcrdol Potential 20‘ WW untloii

402 Dealing with Suicidal Cum 205 How to Handle Sum

10:] Rape 2% You All
207 Rota-lino

Substance Abuse 208 Tips on Losing Wotan

sot Mantuana- Pros and Cons 20903909 it!" a Broken Relationship

50? D'UBS Recognizing Addict: to. W. 2‘0 DW'W ""1 WW

and Tolerance 2" What Is Deere-ion?

503 Recognizing Drinking PM 2t2 How to out my.

504 DoorstonMakmg loom [M ‘ 2t3 Renown}er 5W 0' L“-

505 "alpine Someone Gone to You Who Ortan Too Much 2“ Dun Ind '

 

 

----------'

u

@puans
"J ELECTROLYSIS

 

“...the professionals in permanent hair remova . "

presents

ONE FREE TREATMENT”

(a :15.” value) -

125 Wolf Road 459-4940

 

New clients only, please. Offefr expires 2/29/84

--------------------------------4

 

 

 

Attention, Please!

Jason and MM wish
our friend and RA.
Lynore C.

a Beautiful and
Happy 20th Birthdaylt

WE LOVE YOU!!

It’s hard to believe we haven’t worn
you out yet!!

 

 

 

