 

' 1423512 mzubst

 

—W'_..;____M '

 

wide};

 

 

t «HU‘

' new galleried“ 

       

 
  
  
  

  

':.‘9' ’1’ it: a” ‘5'

W John Paul ll-Tuesdayf, named
V gratin/1; Q'Corinor a former Navy
. ml :w't..,;i!9|asa d 
 cg,“ cmnlng nuclear war,»‘to head theinf'luen-
}_"tlal"R'oman Catholic Archdiocese of New
r ', Yo‘rk, the nation's fourth largest.

The 64-year-old O'Connor succeeds the
late Cardinal Terence Cooke. who died last
Oct. 6 as the leader of the inﬂuential ar-
chdiocese. ,

The announcement came in a brief state-
ment in the daily Vatican bulletin, which
said: "Nomination of the archbishop of
New York. John Paul II has nominated to
the metropolitan church of New York, Mon~
signor John O’Connor, up until now bishop
of Scranton." I

   

 

MIA data pooled

United Nations
(AP) Vietnam's ambassador to the United
Nation says Vietnam. Laos and Cambodia
have agreed to pool any knowledge they have
about American servicemen missing in action
in the Vietnam war.

Ambassador Hoang Bich Son said Mon-
day the three lndochinese countries would
work with American non-government
organizations in the search for the missing or
their remains.

The agreement. drafted by the three coun-
tries' foreign ministers last weekend in Laos.
says in part. “Out of humanitarian concern
and regard for the American people, each
country of lndochina will endeaver to com-
municate to the other two any eventual infor-
mation on the American missing during the

rpitsss EFFRIDA’. FEBRUARYJS'MI

pastoral letter,

war in Laos.‘ Vietnam and Kainpuchea Cam-
ibodia.  a .
i " ‘The U.S. governmenthas _'
American servicemen are} ~
the Vietnamese-Mufti! ‘
Laos and Cambodia. '

   
 
 

 

, .

 

I, ;. ' De! I
(AP) Shiite Moslem militia leaders Tuesday
ordered their ﬁghters to observe a cease-ﬁre
and described as "accidental" the series of
battles Monday that killed one U.S. Marine
and three Lebanese civilians. '

Three other Marines were wounded in the
day-long clashes, and spokesmen for the
Shiite militias group Amal and at south
Beirut hospitals said the Marines' ﬁre killed a
9-year-old girl and two other civilians. and
wounded 22 people.

An Amal spokesman said militiamen in
Shiite neighborhoods near the Marine base at
Beirut’s aiport were told to "strictly adhere
to the ceasefire and refrain from any form of
attacks on the Marines." -

Nationwidew
Welnberger sees cap

Washington, D. C.
(AP) The Pentagon plans to leave a “perma-
nent” force of 700 to 800 American soldiers
in Honduras after military exercises end there
this month, Defense Secretary Caspar
Weinberger says.

Meanwhile, an unpublished House report
says the extent of U.S. military construction
in Honduras -- much done without formal
congressional approval — suggests "an
ongoing, significant presence" of American
forces in the Central American country.

 

 

“The recent U.S. military exercise has

 

.v, .
.. “ow-vim.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

.1!
ii}

 

created a substantial. semi‘permanent‘

.military capability in Honduras." said the

eight-page report by the, House Appmpdl- -

tions subcommittee on military construction.

Weinbe‘rger's statement Wednesday was,

the ﬁrst public confirmation that a sizable,
contingent of U.S. troops will remain after
joint U.S. . Honduran exercises, known as

“Big Pine It,” are over. U.S. troops may 7

happen for a while yet. asenior administra-
tiori ofﬁcial says. '

The official said Soviet ofﬁcials have
privately indicated in meetings in Stockholm
that they want “to get on with the dialogue."
The ofﬁcial. who insisted on anonymity,
briefed reporters on a meeting here Wednes-
day between President Reagan and Yugoslav
President Mika Spiliak.

 

take part in another round of ‘ star-
ting in June.
Reagan decries debt

Washlngtan, D. C.

(AP) President Reagan, decrying the huge
deﬁcits in his own new budget,_ promised
Thursday to submit a plan to eventually dry
up every drop of red ink. But he said he
won’t do it till next year 4- after November’s
elections.

Submitting such a plan in this electionyea
wouldn't do any good, he said. -

Reagan noted that he has already asked
Congress to work with his administration
toward Sl00 billion in still-unspeciﬁed deﬁcit
reductions over the next three years.

Wednesday. Reagan sent Congress his
budget message for ﬁscal I985. including
projections that governmnt would outspend
its income by about $180 billion a year
through 1987. The deficit would still be over
$l20 billion by the time he left ofﬁce in 1989
if he won a second term —— a painful forecast
for a president who had vowed as a candidate
to balance the budget by 1983.

Soviets seek to return

Washington, D. C.
(AP) The Reagan administration believes the
Soviet Union is looking for a way to return to
arms control negotiations with the United

'States in Geneva, but doesn’t expect it to

 

 

Statewide

NY won’t sue Exxon

Albany
(AP) New York state has “no immediate
plans" to sue the Exxon Corp. for taking
millions of gallons of fresh water from the
Hudson River without paying for it, accor-
ding to a spokesman for state Attorney
General Robert Abrams.

But the state will continue to negotiate an
out—of-court settlement in the matter. said
department spokesman Nathan Riley
Wednesday.

Riley said the attorney general's office had
the day before received Exxon's answers to
about 35 speciﬁc questions it asked regarding
Exxon oil tankers’ discharging and taking in
of water in the mid-Hudson.

chofol ban debated

Albany
(AP) New York state is considering banning
the pesticide dicofol because of increasing
levels of DDT being found in the Finger
Lakes, according to a state Department of
Environmental Conservation of ﬁcial.

But the state has'not yet acted because the
source of the DDT “is not totally known.”
said Lawrence Skinner, noting that old
buried stores of DDT may be leaking and get-
ting into tributaries.

Dicofol, which contains up to 15 percent
DDT. is used by grape growers and some ap-
ple orchardists to control mites,‘tiny insects
similar to the spider mites sometimes found
on house plants. They are so small that peo-
ple normally spot the webs of spider mites
and never ﬁnd the insects themselves.

Victim law backed

Albany
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo has thrown his sup-
port behind legislation designed to give crime
victims and witnesses more information
about the way the justice system deals with
their cases.

The bill is a watered-down version of a
measure passed by the Legislature last year
only to be vetoed by the governor.

The sponsors of last year’s bill — Sen.
Ralph Marino, R-Nassau. and Assemblyman
Richard Gottfried, D-Manhattan — reached
agreement with the governor Wednesday on
the new measure, Cuomo announced.

The key difference between last year‘s bill
and the new version is the elimination of a re—
quirement that district attorneys consult with
crime victims before closing a case, said
Cuomo spokesman Gary Fryer.

 

 

Free listings

"Freedom Has Never Been
Free" will be the topic of a
free one- day conference on
the past and future of the
Civil Rights movement on
Saturday, Feb. 4, at the New
York State Museum, beginn-
ing at 9:30 am. Call the
museum at 474-5842 for In-
formation.

The Holocaust will be the
topic of a film to be shown
Monday, February 6. at 8 pm.
In the Business Building.
room 229.

Sexuality Awareness Week
will be held February 7

 

through. to. Shore ,Hlte,

author of The Hits Report,
will be the keynote speaker
on Wednesday, February 8,
at 8 pm. in the Campus
Center Ballroom. The week
will be sponsored by Genesis
and Middle Earth.

Salem, a Boston based
musical group, will perform
Saturday, February 4. at 8
pm. in the Campus Center
Ballroom. The ooncert is
sponsored by the Jewish
Students Coalition-Hillel.

Biological Sciences will hold

a seminar Tuesday. February

7. at 4:10 pm. In the Biology

Building, room 248A. Eric L.

Charnov of the University of

Utah will speak on “Natural

Selection and Sex Alloca-.
tion."

"Five Flavors of Judaism"
will be the topic of an infor-

.mai gathering and meal on

Wednesday, February 8, at 5
pm. at Chapel House.

NAACP will celebrate
Founders Day on February
12, at 3:30 pm. at the Mt.
Calvary Baptist Church, 28
Alexander St. Principal
speaker for the event will be
James Brown, Jr., who Is Nor-
theaat Regional Director of
the NAACP. All are invited to
attend.

Applicants for 'Phl Alpha
Theta should return their ap-
plication forms to Professor
William Reedy in 88 348 by
Friday, February 10. Forms
are available In the History
Office, Social Sciences 34L

Carmina Burana. Cantlonos
Profanae will be performed
by the University Chorale this
Sunday, February 5, at 3 pm.
at the Performing Arts
Center. Admission is free.

The Class Council of 1987
will meet this Sunday.
February 5, at 5 pm. outside
the Student Association of-
fice in the Campus Center.

‘ The Shroud of Turin will be

discussed at a lecture and
slide presentation Monday,
February 6, at 8 pm. at the
Chapel and Cultural Center
at Rensaelaer Polytechnic ln-
atltute In Troy. Kevin Connol-
Iy of Education and Research
with the State of New York,
will speak.

Off-Campus Association will
hold a planning meeting this
Sunday, February 5. at 1 pm.
In the Student Association
office in the Campus Center.

“Hurricanes: Are They
Predictable?" will be the
topic of a presentation Tues-
day. February 7, at 12:10 pm.
at the New York State
Museum Orientation Theatre.

The Albany State Debate
Society will hold their open-
ing meeting on Tuesday,
February 7, at 7:30 pm. in the
Humanities Building, room
354. No experience is
necessary to join. For more
Information. call the Com-
munications Office at
45743470.

 

 

 

 

 

o r

 

A ...~...

Commission chosen to examine

future, of, State university system '

By Jane Anderson
EDITORIAL ASS/55m NT ,

The State University of New York has
formed an independent is member commis-
sion to study and to recommend viable alter-
natives for the future of the SUNY system.

Chancellor Clifton R. Wharton. Jr. said at
a press conference Thursday that the naming
of the commission was “not due to any par-
ticular crises," but that he had been consider-
ing it far some time. The former Managing
Editor of the CBS Evening News. Walter
Cronkite and former Treasury, Secretary
W. Michael Blumcnthal will be members said
Wharton.

The commission will examine the State
University for six months. and will then sub-
mit a report to Wharton and to the SUNY
Board of Trustees, according to Wharton.
The findings of the commission "would have
significance for all public higher education in
the United States," contended Wharton.

The commission will “look at the question
of adequacy of rcsources"for the SUNY
system, said Wharton. The inquiry will in-
clude “a fairly careful look at the balance
between resources and expenditures," said
co-ehairman of the commission and Presi-
dent emeritus of Ohio State University
Harold Enarson.

“We were not brought together to take a
look at the budget problems of SUNY,"
maintains co-chairman of the commission
and chair of Time, lnc., Ralph Davidson.

in the past few years, SUNY has been,
“pushing resources more towards graduate
studies than to undergraduate education,"
said Student Association President Rich
Schaffer. "i hope that the commission will
work towards balancing" the graduate and
the undergraduate resources more equally. he
said.

"We believe that this (forming of the com-
mission) is one of the most important
developments" in the history of the SUNY

NEA todeal

By Lisa Strain

corvrmumvc comm
Comparable worth, or equal pay for work
of comparable value, will be a major issue of
the 80's according to the National Education
Association.

NEA, the largest faculty organization in
the United States is currently involved in
several major efforts to eliminate sex-based
pay discrimination, according to Ken Megill

 

 

Gloria DeSole
Ha: handled issues of salary equity.

“The National Coalition on Pay Equity,
of which NEA is a member. has been work-
ing for years on what people should be paid
in relation to the functions they perform,"
Megill said. “There are certain professions
that are on a whole underpaid. They are
traditionally female occupations like nurses

system, said Wharton in his opening remarks
to the group.He stressed the value of the in-
dependent commission “to provide a broad
assessment as to what should be the future of
SUNY."

There is no agenda of priorities for the
commission, according to Wharton. He ex-
plained that the group would try to identify
five broad areas which they may wish to ex-
plore. '

These areas may include size of the univer-
sity. admission standards, governance. quali-
ty of education, and access, said Wharton.
“There is no hidden agenda," said Wharton,
and he added that there would be no “at-
tempt to direct"the commission. -

Wharton explained that the commission
would hold public hearings in order to
receive input from students, faculty. and
citizens, and he said that meetings would also
beheld with “key members” of the executive
and legislative branches of the state govern-
ment. '

The commission's study will include visits
to “selected campuses," said Wharton. He
contended that he did not know specifically
which campuses would be viewed because
that decision was up to the committee, but
that the schools would be chosen with an eye
to the “different types" of schools in the
SUNY system, as well as to the convenience
of the committee members.

The commission will report to Wharton
and to'the SUNY Board when its evaluation
is complete, said Wharton. “Whatever their
recommendations are, they will receive full
consideration" by SUNY-Central ad-
ministration and by the Board of Trustees.

1f Wharton and the Board of Trustees con-
cur with the commissions’ recommendations
“we will certainly implement them,” said
Wharton. “There will be a follow-up," he
maintained.

The New York State university system
“has grown very rapidly." said Wharton,

 ... ....'..........
.,,..  ...._ .. ..._..............

 

mm x. FEBRUARY 3. 1984 u Aismy‘s‘mnsivrp "Esvs'fk‘a'

C-.-  _... .....’...-...m .._.... u... AwwI-\-—- ma..- -‘.‘~.r..ra.
“aw—‘4‘

 

 

 

 

SUNY Chancellor Clifton R. Wharton, Jr.

 

 

 

 

Commission includes nomdjdurna/isl Waller Oran/tile.

and it is the most diverse and complex public
university system in the country. At present it
enrolls 38i,000 students on 64 campuses, he
said. '

Wharton mentioned that in the recent past
some campuses have eliminated programs
and have become narrower in scope. and said
that the commission would study whether
this pattern should proceed.

When asked whether one or more cam-
puses could be closed due to the
commission’s report, Wharton maintained
that “no system is immune to (school) clos-
ings." He contended that he did not know of

“any particular rationale to cause the closing
of campuses."

The commission will meet in New York Ci-
ty every month for six months, said Whar.
ton. The report will not necessarily be out in
July. he added. “They may find a need to
spend a bit more time" studying the SUNY
system before making their final report. said
Wharton.

The Chancellor stressed that “the proposal
for the commission has been in gestation for
a long period of time." He added that it “is

not something that juSt happened." 9
p

with wage differential among sexes

or librarians," he added.

Previously, NEA had handled individual
cases of pay discrimination, and NEA con-
tinues to handle these cases. But,“this is part
of a whole labor movement for what people
ought to be paid, and to, through collective
bargaining or legal action, bring about equi-
ty," Megill said. “We want to call attention
to the fact that the whole notion of com-
parable worth is really the cutting cdge - it ap-
plies to higher and lower education. it cuts
across all faculty levels."

“it’s a new issue in education . We‘re just
now exploring the ramifications," said

Human Civil Rights Specialist at NEA Helen

Marlow. “On the surface, there's a big wage
differential. Maybe this time next year we‘ll
be able to say yes, there is a definite differen-
tial," she added.

Marlow discussed individual cases where
"oftentimes Title VII (of the Civil Rights
Act) is brought in, (when) individuals begin
to complain about salary. it is discrimination
because most women are segregated into cer-
tain jobs. Let's look at the skills, effort and
responsibility (of a job) - it may be that one
job compares to another." Marlow said. .

NBA and the Maine Teachers Association
are currently supporting a comparable worth
project for support staffjobs at the Universi-
ty of Maine, according to Megill. NEA has
also recently committed funds toward f iiing a
class-action sex bias suit involving 2,000
women faculty in Oregon’s eight state univer-
sities.

The Center for Women in Government. a
unit of the institute for Government and
Policy Studies at the Rockefeller College of
SUNYA, was awarded a $500,000 labor
management contract in June, l983. The
contract will enable New York State to
undertake the ﬁrst comparable worth study
of its kind in the nation. according to Public
information Director Fred Padula. who add-

ed that. the Center will conduct the study.

“it's in the initial stages of development."
said Padula. “The right kinds of jobs have
to be looked at to see if there is indeed wage
discrimination. We're looking at fields which

are largely filled by women and minorities."
he added.

Padula emphasized the differences bet-
ween the study the Ccnter will be undertaking
and previous comparable worth studies. "it's
the largest study of its kind in the country.

No jurisdiction as large as (that of the) New
York State government has ever undertaken
a study like this," he said. Pudula explained
that “a new factor will be that we're also
looking at jobs (held) by minorities as well as
women.”

“Our intent is to make this the most com-
prehensive study of its kind," Padula said.
The study will be conducted for New York
State civil service jobs, and the contract is

and until August 3]. l984. The contract was
approved by the Governor's Office of
Employee Relations (OER) and the Civil Scr-
vicc Employees Association (CSEA).

"Comparable worth is a major issue oi the
80’s," said Director of Affirmative Action
Gloria DeSole. “We've handled issues of
salary equity, but no one has raised a com-
parable worth issue (at SUNYA)," DeSole
said.

“I think people are paid more in the ‘hard
scienccs' like mathematics. “Of course you
have to bring in market value as well," she
said, referring to the greater number of
employment prospects for faculty in
mathematics and sciences than in liberal
arts. Ci

 

Punxsuluwnqv, PA
(AP) A sniffling, wriggling groundhog
emerged from his burrow at dawn Thurs-
day and saw his shadow, thus predicting
another six weeks of winter for the nation
— for the 92nd time in 97 years.

"Phil," this town’s famed woodchuck,
was pulled from his electrically heated
burrow on Gobbler's Knob to the cheers
of tuxedoed members of the Funx-
sutawncy Groundhog “lub and hundreds
of cold spectators.

“in the dimness of the early winter
dawn, he stood for a moment, tall and
proud. Then. in seconds, he saw a thin,
grey shadow," said club president James
H. Means. 60, a local contractor who
claims to be the only translator for the
groundhog.

Folklore dictates that on Groundhog
Day. if a groundhog sees his shadow six
more weeks of cold weather follow. if he
doesn't. spring arrives soon.

Today. clear skies and temperatures in
the 205 greeted Phil. And, in special
ceremonies after the. prediction. the
JQ-nound male armindhno was mﬂll‘llt‘fl

 

Groundhog makes" brief visit ‘

 

with an ll-pound female brought in from
the Philadelphia Zoo.

Last year. Phil the groundhog failed-to
see his shadow through the rain, predic-
ting early spring for only the fifth time. ['1

  

A groundhog

 

 

“He saw a thin, gray shadow. " J

;.o.rw.......—..s.‘.~'-;.‘..o.

 

 

 

$n§rwm‘ ‘ - g "

 

