 
 
 

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

 

  
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
  
 
  

 

  
   
  
   
     

 
 
  

w—a. 2-. mm..—

.. .. .---.:.~... , 0. .

 

 

.. ._.~.._ .._ o. 1"”

 

 

   

          
      
 
 
  
 
 
   

w
«ﬂew.

CE

  
  
  

a N...__.g_.__

 
    
    
 

 

 

A,
r

 

 

 

By Johanna Clancy

The hit movie Animal House bears in
society’s mind a fraternity for food lights,
beer blasts and general havoc on campus.
This depiction does not fit SUNYA's frater-
nities: Kappa Alpha Psi. Phi Beta Sigma nor

Delta Omega Alpha.

These three social fraternities have Student
Association recognized chapters on SUNYA

campus.

“We are interested in building character
and leadership qualities, academic grades and
aspirations in life," a spokesman of one

fraternity said.

in the last half-dozen years there has been
a reemergence of fraternities; part of this is
associated with the recognition on campus of
a number of sororities and fraternities of
primarily minority students, according to
Activities James

Director of Student
Doellefeld.
in the past three years SUNYA's Student

Association has recognized two chapters of

nationally affiliated fraternities Kappa Alpha
Psi (KAP) and Phi Beta Sigma (PBS) accor-
ding to Carl Martin, director of minority stu-
dent services.

SA has also recognized a third fraternity,
Delta Omega Alpha (DOA), a local fraternity
created by a group of SUNYA students in
October of l983, that has no nation-wide af-
filiation and is not, according to President
Matt Montague, looking to join a national
fraternity. “We'd have to change our name
and constitution, and we’re very attached to
it," Montague explained.

“We're a social fraternity. We want to
create a sense of unity and brotherhood in a
diverse group of men. Since we're such a new
fraternity our main concern is getting new
pledges. We had a semi-rush party a couple
of weeks ago, and we pledged three new
members. We're planning on a real rush
undertaking maybe this spring but most like-
ly next fall," said Montague, adding that an
additional 12 people pledged.

DOA, like the other two social fraternities
on campus, has an initiation period of about
'four to six weeks.

 

 j4'Aea‘l-tivtrsmoaNrpksss cr TUESDAY, FEBRUARY”. 1934

 social frats pro
‘ i “We do it together,” Montague said. “We
show them (the pledges) what to do and then

we’ll doll with them. it gives a sense of uni
to the group."

DOA has no set initiation for pledges such

as the “stepping” PBS uses for initiation.

According to PBS treasure and former
president Sydney Piggot, "Stepping" is a line
of members walking with'synchronized steps
and body movements. All pledges are ex-

“We try to spread out into the community,
not just concentrating on the fraternity needs
ty but concentrating on Albany’s," he said.

“We’re planning a benefit ‘step‘ show for
the Albany Boy's Club. We work a lot with
Albany's Boy's Club. We take the boys out
and bring them up here," Piggot explained.

“The fraternity is there to help each other
everywltere. l'm going to Dental School in
Maryland and l’m planning on joining the

pected to learn how to ‘step,' and members fraternity there also. Graduate students don't

occasionally give ‘stepping' performances.

“it gives us a sense of unity and

participate as much as they guide and sup-_
port the fraternity. They also help the

“We try to spread out into the community,
not just concentrating on the fraternity
needs. ”

—Sydney Piggot

 

brotherhood. We can always count on our
brothers to help us' -— 'causc they've been

through it too," he said.

The chapter's campus name is Mu [out and
“stepping” is usually used as a initiation

practice or at different benefits, Piggot ex
plained.

PBS is a predominately black fraternity
but not exclusive or discriminatory, Piggot

said.

PBS was formed in l9i4 at Howard
University and is concerned with upper-level
education completion, community service
and implementing an overall positive attitude

in young men, Piggot said.
“When we leave here we know we can han-
dle the outside world," Piggot said.

.Although a small organization on campus,
PIggot said PBS has 80,000 members nation-
wide. “One main concern is increasing the
chapter membership by new pledges," he
said.

Piggot added a problem to increased
membership is campus apathy. He said peo-
ple sometimes don't want to put the time in,
not realizing the benefits. “We pass
knowledge down the line, the earlier you get'
in the better it is for you," he added.

undergraduates to develop themselves," Pig-
got said. ‘
Famous PBS Alumni include George

Washington Carver, Renaldo Nehimiah and

Lionel Richie, according to Piggot.

. KAP was founded in l9ll at lndiana
University. Paul Brown, president of its
SUNYA chapter, said that pledging is of
primary importance. Pledges “form a bond
— a brotherhood between tltemselvcs, and
learn the history of the fraternity” by learn-
ing about the leaders, traditions and songs of
the fraternity," he said.

KAP was first organized on SUNYA’s
campus in the spring of 1980 by the Albany
Alumni chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi. There
were to pledges that year. said Brown. Today
there are seven members. A

The fraternity's motto is “We train for
leadership," according to Brown, who said
the .group teaches leadership skills and
qualtties to pledges in various ways. Each Oc-
tober the group sponsors a leadership con-
ference at which former brothers direct
workshops to teach and guide members
about different occupations.

Members learn leadership qualities
through fraternal planning and organization,

mote leadership, unity

as well, Brown said.

He continued, saying, "or
members in the fraternity rtow our:
trai Council. one is on Scuruc, one the ‘
SASU's 3rd World Caucus, ottc is'lltc'i‘lsu'n
dent of the minority business clttb, one ties:

the Pisttngutshed Professor Award Comm“.

the seven
is on cc".

tee.
Many of these accomplishments were
possible because lltc fraternity teacher

members how to achieve high goals the .
said. “Original goals were set for irtdividu“:n
to achieve ltighcr than litcy may of lllultﬂls
possible, and achievement bcctuuc the g“
of every field of human cudcttvours
said. ’

"in March we‘re going to sponsor Kltp a
Week. This will be u wcck of ctlttctttirrrrii]
social and academic programs,“ llrttwrr ct.
plained. '

Guest speakers will includc Mrs. t'lil't'tun
Wharton, and Assistant Deputy ot‘ the uric
of New York, Nina Burclsou, \[lcilkitlgon
the electoral proocss. Also scheduled to spray
is Beverly Ellis of tire Finttucittl Aid ol'l'icc
about proper procedures of liltilllt‘iill rid
forms.

"We hope to educate people irr this wet-t.
One evening there will be at cttrccr night, my
will feature fraternity alumni .spcttkiug trtmrrr
their careers and relating it to the I't'ttlctuirv
experience," said Brown. '

“Titc Kappas are also interested in the
community. We had a toy drive lust “into
and donated them to area dtty-ctuc t'ctllcrv,”
he added.

Each year, Brown said, the gtorrp nit-s [ti
set goals and work toward them. As cv
amplcs, he noted that the group worked it
Minority Recruitment Day, acting to itostvtu
campus visitors.

"in January we went to New York ('ity
and worked with the United Ncgro t'ollcgc

ttrottu
" lltotrn

.Fund on the Lou Rawls l’ttrzrdc ot' Strut

Telethon," Brown added.

Distinguished alumni of Kappa Alptur t’ti
include Mayor Thomas Bradley of Loy
Angeles, National Urban League President

9»

 

 

 

University Theatre Presents
Anton Chekhov’s
Comic Drama

Thursday through Saturday, March 1—3;
Tuesday through Saturday, March 6—10

at 8 pm.
The La) Theatre,

Lhiversity Perfoming Arts Center

T'CKGiSI $SGenera-

Reservations:

¥¥}¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
Comrng rn April:
'l'I-IE HOUSE'I'IIAI'
by Agatha Christie

w/WCECB
457-8606

 

 

 

 

 

By Lisa Strain
rm I'R/In 'nxr; I mum

At'tcr a semester's delay, seven
Soviet exchange students and their
faculty rtdviscr arrived at SUNYA
early Friday tttornittg to begin a
four month study program.

The exchange bud originally been
scheduled to begin in early
Scptcmbcr but was delayed by the
international embargo on Aeroflot
flights, according to Director ol‘ ln-
tcruntiottttl Programs Dr. Alex
Shrine. ’l‘ltc ctubttrgo had followed
tltc downing ol' tltc Korean Airlines
commercial jct by at Soviet fighter
plttnc on Sept. l.

The SUNY cxclutngc. bcgtttt in
l‘m, is Iltc only one that brings
Sorict urtdct'grnduotc students to
this country. according to Shane.
This year marks the tenth anniver-
silt‘)‘ ol' tltc c\thungc witlt tltc Soviet
Urtiott, Sltttrtc said. The excitatth is
sponsored itt coujttnction with the
Muttricc 'l‘horc/ institute of Foreign
Lungungcs itt Moscow.

According to Shane, nine SUNY
sltttlctllk‘, four from the Albany
cttmpm, attended the Thorcz ln-
stittrtc during the full scmestcr when
the Soviet students had been
\Cltcdtllcd to study at SUNYA.
'l‘hcy rcttrrttcd to thc Uttitcd States
itr .lttrtuttry.

At tr rcccption sponsored by
Slrnnc, the seven Soviet students
rrnd thcir adviser tnet SUNY
students and faculty members.
Dressed in \tlils attd ties, the
students politcly unswcrcd ques-
tions and new itttcrvicwcd by local

  

ruasm greasy/1R r 2.5. 1984 o ALBANY sruochPRess 5;

 

  

Russian exchange student Igor Fakllsov at reception
The SUN Y L'.\'L'll(lII.L'(‘ is l/lt' only one I/ltll /)I‘lll,l:\ Sot't‘t-I rtttrlttlgl'urlnuluv Io Iltix connlry.

television stations. Art eighth stu-
dent had become ill and was unable
to make the flight.

In a welcoming spccclt ill the
beginning of the reception, Dean of
Humanities and Fine Arts l’ttul
Wallace said. “I am delighted that
our Sovict students ltavc finally ttr»
rived." He went on to say, “in spite
of whatever happenings we lutvc
had in ottr trotrblcd world itt recent
months, we know that it spirit of
ttttily prevails."

"Any group of undcrgrtttlutttcs
from tltc Tltorcz institute is unique.
it is the only grottp on n biltttcrnl cx-

clutngc progrtttu, turd what makes it
more ttttiqtrc is that they cotuc irt tltc
spring instcttd of tltc full," said
Shrine. “Tltcy are port of a group of
some 600 foreign students. here at
SUNY. Wc bring foreign students
ltcrc to communicate and share ottr
c,\pcricnccs,“ Shunt: uddcd.

Although hating been in Albany
only one day, tltc students bud gain-
cd impressions ot' tltc SUNYA cam~
pus. "Tltc cttntptts is \cry unusual:
it's very easy to get lost hcrc," said
lgot' l-‘cklisov, “All the time we are

thinking ‘wltctc is ottt' dorm?” he

said.

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

When ttskcd how Soviets ot'tcn
cmision an American, Viktor
Rylkov t'cplicd with tr smile, "Driv-
itrg a car and chewing gum."
Rylkov wcrtt on to any that his first
impression of Americans is that

. tltcy “\cry L‘ilhll)‘ get acquainted.

Americans xcL‘Itt more, how do you

’stty, easygoing."

"Your country is vcry in-
teresting," sttid licklisov. “We saw
New York City at night and it was
very overwhelming." According to
Rylkov, trips to Boston,
Washington, l).C. and New York
City have been planned for Inter in

the semester.

Russian students settle in aftersemesmr delay t

On the subject of relations bet-
ween
Union. Russian student Eugeny V.
Koylov chose his words carefully.
“I think that our relations could be

better titan they are now. i think
that the U.S. and the USSR can
coexist irt peace. and that they
must." ,

While at SUNYA, the Soviet
students, who are training to be in-
tcl‘prctcrs and translators, will study
tr progrttm including an advanced
English composition course,
American Cultural History, which

'hus been specially designed for

them, and Communication, which
tltcy will take with American
students, according to Shane. They
will also take a Russian-English
translation course and a course
designed to itnprove their conversa-
tiorurl English and their familiarity
\\illt American media, Shane said,
us well as a course in a second
foreign language.

“l'tc always been interested in
working with foreigners. This is an
vopportunity to expand my own
ttori/otts," said Gary Houde, a
suitcmntc of two of the Soviet
stttdcttts. Tltc students will be living
in Tctt Eyck Hall of Dutch Quad
with Atncrican sultemates. John
Kttnb, another suitemate of the
Russian students, said, "I do hope
'o botit improve my Russian and
occnmc friends with these
people." Cl

Revisions prompt Schaffer to recognize group

The Social Alternative (TSA),
formerly llcteroscxuttl Alliance,
t'cccivcd pcrrntrncnt recognition
Monday and will apply for funding
for next your within tltc rtext two
weeks, according to Sttrdcnt
Association (SA) prcsidcnl Rich
Sclutt'l'cr.

('ltttngcs itr the group‘s name and
itt the constitution prompted per-
llltlllL‘ltl recognition by SA.
“livcrything is fine and itt order“
sttitl Schnl't‘cr. He added that lie is
cspccittlly happy with the ttcw
fourth purpose in the constitution
which stntcs: “’l‘o (lc-ctttpltasizc
alcohol consumption at social func-
tions."

Scltat'l‘cr had originally denied
recognition to the group because,
he valid. the Il‘dlllL‘ Heterosexual
Alliance and tire purposes outlined
in the consitutiou, “may be in-
timidating and could possibly pose
a threat to members of the universi-
ty." The group later revised its
name and constituion.

TSA will probably hand in an
84-85 budget proposal by Thurs-
day, explained Schaffer. The
btrdgct committee will review the
proposal within the next two and a
half weeks, Scltaffer added.

TSA might, also, seek funding
for a get togetltcr to be held
sometime this semester, according
to Mike Butler, president of the
group. This proposal would have to
be presented before SA's Finance
Committee, bttt nothing is definite,
ttddctl llttllcr.

A new interest meeting will be
held within the next week, said
Butler, and students who joined the
Heterosexual Alliance will be in-
formed of tire cltttngcs.“We'rc hop-
ing to attract new people," explain-
cd llutlcr. Posters to advertise the
meeting will paid for out of the
TSA's officer‘s pockets.“Wc will

not ask for emergency funding," to
advertise, Butler added.

Events that will [1tls\iltl)' bc
covered irt next year‘s budget in-

' cludc n Sadie Httwkins tiilllcc. n

non-nlcoholic social, rrrtd :1 Fun in
the Sun Talent Show. according to
Btttlcr.

Sctcrttl students who joined tltc
l‘lctcroscxuttl Alliance to “ improve
SUNYA's dying social life," said
they felt the changes wct'c udvttn-
tageous to tire group. Revisions in-
cluded tltc new name and a clause
stating that the group will dc-
cntphasizc alcoholic consumption.

"The name (Heterosexual
Alliance) was a bad cltoicc of
words," said Lisa Scltoolman, of
lndian Quad. The group's purpose,
t she said. is to plan events, not to be
sexually-oriented. There is, also, a
need for a group that de-emphasizes
alcohol, she explained. “No group
on campus does it," Schoolman
said.

“The social life can be kind of
dull here." said Eric Jensen, of
State Quad," and you don‘t have to
get drunk to enjoy yourself."
Jensen would not, however, predict
if there would be campus interest in
non-alcoholic social functions.

Although the changes were ade-
quate, according to Greg Veitcr of
lndian Quad, permanent recogni-
tion was originally denied because
of "nit-picky issues." The changes
were made “in order to placate peo-
ple or groups like GALA," he add-
ed.

“if they kept it the way it was
(the constitution) the Heterosexual
Alliance would never have gotten
funding," agreed Jensen.

“We did not bow to GALA,"
said Schaffer, “l was looking out

for till the students on campus whctt
l dcnictl tltc group recognition."
Mtrnrcctt Dtrggnn, ofSttttc Quad,
concurred with both .lcnsctt and
Vcitcr. “l'm angry that tltcy chang-

ed the ntuuc. it~ othcr groups can

decide on their own “attic for their
purpose so can we," she said, titl-
ding that the name was changed in
order to get funding.

There was it tttiscotrccption in-
volving the purpose of tire group,

maintained Philip Gray, of lndian
Quad. it was not intended to be “a
tlctcrrcnt to homosexuality," he
said. “I krtow a lot of members in
the grottp and it didn’t attract
'mctnbcrs who are ltornophobic" he
stressed.

 

B Alleen Brown
3].”! "If/HR

    

:Suzy Aulctta
"will.

she said.

 

Political party conventions are usually the habitat ot
cumpuign rcnlots. who Ittnc campaign connections
' and prominence. th two SUNYA students were in-
ﬂuential enough to
he
delegates to the
Democratic party
convention irt San
Francisco this sum-

mer.

The two, Suzy
Aulctta and Beth
Wade, wcrc ap-

proached by their
respective campaign
managers and asked
to run as delegates
for
Aulctta, a Cranston
supporter; and
Wade, a
follower, both have
substantial previous
political

Wade, a freshman at SUNYA, had to obtain t,000
signatures in order to have her name placed on the
ballot as a dclcgatc. "l'vc worked on the Hart carti-
paign since this summer," said Wade, "and I'd really
like to be able to go to the convention as :1 Hart
delegate." She added that she is the only student on
the “art slate, and that it is important to get student
support. “It would be rcttlly amazing if a SUNY stu-
dcrtt, cspccittlly tr l't'csltuntn, \vct'c elected as a tlclcgnrc,

Two SUNYA students considered for slots
as delegates at ’84 Democratic convention

district. representing Albany, Schenectady and Troy,
Wntlc had to obtain tltc necessary signatures by
February. \Vndc has to gather a majority of the votes
ntttoug Hurt delegates in order to be elected.

" In order for .1 Hart delegate from this district to at-
tcrtd the convention, he (Hart) has to obtain at least 20
percent of tilt: votes cast iii the primaries,” noted

considered as
Wade.

their state.

tttency is clearly
Hart

r:

involvetn- Mndij said that

of the student population to vote. He asserted that
students should be considered to a great extent by can-
didatcs in the primaries and general elections. “The
Iii-21 year old voting population is increasingly a force
to be reckoned with by the political leadership because
the votes are there. Young people have an opportunity
to have their votes heard." Madij said that since it is
required that the convention be "reasonably represen-
tative of the population."
now have a greater chance of gaining political

strength.

In order to be placed on the Hart slate in thc 23rd

She added that tltc nuntbcr of Hart delegates sent
will be dctcmined by tltc number of votes he receives.
Wade is competing against five other delegates from
the 23rd district in order to attend the convention.

Henry Madij, the co-chairman of the Hart steering
committee for the 23rd diSIrict, commended Wade's
student political interest. “Beth was a logical can-
didate t'or delegate from our campaign because she was
involved in the campaign t'rom a very early date. She
clearly had a long and sincere interest and dedication
to the candidacy.’

“The goal of a delegate slate is to represent varied
groups and ideas," said Madif “The student consti-

population in this area. Beth, as a student, can repre-
sent and speak effectively to other students," he add-

i

a large proportion of the voting

it is important to get a large percent

minority voting factions

 

14>,

 

 

the U.S. and the Soviet.

...-_.~.a_..... .. _‘ , ,

 

 
   
 
  
   

   
   
   
   
 

    
   
    

  

