 

  

  

  

 
 

2*AL‘BQ4NY swear/reams

' tit/s! BRIEFS

   

 

    

_. k

Worldwidewﬂ- i}

Passorsby attacked

s‘.
s

'1

   

.Icrm'uletit '

(AptFurty people in Jerusalem were wound-
ed Monday when n‘smnil group ot‘ men. at
least one of them hurling llatld grenades. ttl-
lackcd pusscrsby on ll crow dcd street. accor-
ding to police tlnd army radio reports.

TItc attack occurred ' ' after it column

of lsrltcli tanks t‘ired oll S 'i
Lebanon’s lickan Valley for the ﬁrst little ill a
year. .
The Israeli military command said its llr-
lillcry attacked altd tIL'slI'U)‘L‘tI two gucl'illlt
command pltsls Sunday in the Ilcklta Valle)
liltlt had been used to prepare ttllttcks on
Israeli troops. The coltlltltltltisttid thc \IthIiltg
was a response to recent attacks IIIiII \HlltlitI‘
ed eight lsracli soldiers.

Islacli army radio reported 40 people
wounded and said time was mole tllatl ollc
attacker. btlt grllc no L'\IIL'| ttlltnhet.

 

   

E
z.
,

Martinez ousted

Illllll/Iil'tn
(Al’) The l'olced lcvigntltion ill (tell. (instant
Aharc/ Mltl'tiltel. the Iiondltllln ulmcd
I'otces chict' considered the must powcrt'ul
l‘ig re ill the country. was announced by the
govellllttcttl Saturday. Abatc/ Mllllittc/ had
worked closely witil tltc Rcllgml tltilllillslt'il-
tiotl ill plans to pllt [tlcssltt'c on tile ict'tist
Sattdinisla golcl'nmcllt oi neighboring

Nicalt'llglttl. ‘

      
 

 

No reasons were gilcn l‘or tltc ousting
Abllrc/ Martinc/ and three otb'cr generals —
Licn. Daniel 0' ‘ tillo. commander ot‘ the
state sccllt'ity itttIiL . (ielt._.lose Ihlcso Rtistt.
armed forces chiet' llI‘ slt ulld (icn. thbctl
Montoya, head ol' the navy.

President Roberto Stilt/o ('ot'dovtl ttsstttlt-
cd command ot‘ the military tttld assured
chi/ens all was cilItn'in the country.

Quoting ltnidcntit‘icd Ilolldlll'un oll'icillls.
T/K' Nt'lt' York Titrrr‘v reported today Illat
Alvarc/ Martine/ was ousted because it group
of younger military ofﬁcers wcrc unhappy~
with his plans to t‘cstlllctltlc the army and Ilis
autocratic IL‘tltIcrsItip style. ’

re

 

 

 

 

Nationwide

Soul singer slain

Luv .‘IIIL’l‘Il'A
MP) the I'llthcr ol‘ sweet-loiccd soul singer
Marvin (Iil)'L‘ was inich without bail Motl-
llay. ttccttscd by authorities lll shooting Ills
sort to death wltcn "had blood" betwcctt
tltcnl erupted illto a t'ltlltl t'ight olcr ill-
slllallcc.

(iltyc. part ol‘ tile generation of singers
wllo originated Illc Motown sound ill lltc
i960s. died Sunday at'tcrnoon on the cvc oI'
his 45th birthday. lie was shot twice ill tllc
:hcsl at the ltotnc he shared witit his parents.

 

free listings

NYPlRG ollIcers' nominations
lor 1984-1985 are now open and
will continue through April 13.
For more inlormetlon call the
NYPlFtG olilce at 457-4623.

Fuorzc Latina will hold Its also-
tions lor 1004-85 on Thursday
April 5 at 7 pm. In CC 364.

“Early, Women Biologists: A trom
case study In Cumulative Disad-
vantage." a Research on Women
Colloquium, will be presented
Wednesday April 4 at 12:15 In
Hum'anttles 354. Patricia Brown
at the Stone College Department

 

s

' ‘ruesm y A PRII. 3. -1984

police slltd. . _ ‘
Munin (tayc Sr.; (ll). was booked tol Ill-
vcstlgtttiolt of murder at policct‘ heulhitlllt‘tct's

Sgt. Mike I’llll‘CL'.

(iaye. who ilad been working on another
album. Itltd htlttlcd tllrotlgll two dilorces and
drug. problems. ‘ lvitltolll hits, a
bankruptcy dcclltrtltlon and a buck ltt.\ hill
pllt ill 52 million.

.,_

 

1

Cancer drug tested

Dirt-lotto Ill'rrt'lt. I-"lor'irltl

:Ai') A new tutti-cancer drug that transl'ol'lus
untor ccils ittlo nctlr lltlI'ItiilI cells without the
dclllstating side ct'l'ects ol‘ c\isting
chclnothcl‘ulw- is being tested on humans for
tile t'ilst tilnc. tcsclllcltcls say.

the new drug. called N-llteth)It‘ol'tnulnidc.
is one ill at clitss ol' drugs tItat ilwadc cancer
cells and somehow cause them to mature into
cclb that iIlL' almost normal. It is not kllowrl
Itow the thugs work.

these near normal cells IttsL‘ the ability to
glow wiIdI_\ into the tangled knots of tissue
tolmd itt tnlnllls.
Illc tlcw drugs.
' cuts or lttalulation i|_L‘t.'lt|s. cllrc itldttstliul
sttI\L'llls \\Itltsc anti-canch properties were
disclllclcll lw ltccidcllt ill tltc clttll I‘)7lt'\.
Daniel l)c\tcl. it resell IIL'I witll l-.I. dlli’onl

‘clentitation

 

cttllcll- lli

 

 

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

oi biology will make the presen-
tation. Admission Is tree and
open to the public.

“The New York Landscape" an
exhibition at poems and visual 354.
responses will be on display at
the New York State Museum
lrom now through May 20. The
exhibition Includes the work oi
20 writers and 20 visual artists

museum Is open iorm 10 am. to
5 pm. and admission Is lree.
“Alro-Amerlc‘sn Splendor: a
Festival oi
~Poetry" will present poet June
Jordan on ‘ ‘

dc Ncmollrs and ('olllpulw said.

   
   
    
   
   
   
   
    
 
 
  

   
   
   
     
   
 
  
 
 
 
   

 

the-SUNY system. The

Block Womene

,Aprll 4 at

nearly cigtll hours alter the drooling. SIIItI‘

 

3:30 pm. in Humanities 354.

A Lecture on “Black Womens
Poetry" will be held on Thursday
April 5 at 4 pm. In Humanities

The Democratic Socialists oi
America will show the labor illm
"Union Malds‘t' Thursday April 5
at 7:30 pm. In LC 20. Admission
is tree and open to the public.

A lecture “Women and the Oral
Tradition" will be given by Dr.
Roger Paradte oi the University
oi Maine Wednesday April 4 at 7
pm. at the Albany Public
Library, 161 Washington Avenue.

School prayer studied

- "tolling/on, l).(‘.
(AP) The Supreme Court Monday agreed to
decide whether public schoob tlttly prollde a
“moment ot‘ silence“ for meditation or

sprayer by students.

The court stlid it will review a ruling that an
Alabama law allowing periods of silence at
the start ot‘ each school day is unconstitlltinal
because it wtls'ttimctl primarily at promoting
religion. Similar “moment of silence“ laws
htt\'c been cllactcd ill 22 other states.

The justices, however. ruled that a
separate Alabama law allowing public school
teachers to lead willing students itt prayer is
uttcunstittltiontti.

Statewide

Budget increases TAP

rI lltrrlll-
iAI’) l'hc stallc‘s new budget has good Ilcws
I‘ot college students. It contains mol‘c money
for tlliliolt assistance ltttd l'l‘cc/cs ttliliotl at
SUNY llntl (‘UNY. .
l'hc blidgct add». Mil million to funding for
the I'llition Assislitlicc Program for tile ﬁscal
year that begins Sunday. It will allow tllc
liiil\illlll|ll annual grant under the Tuition

 

 

 

 

preparation techniques.

 

The lecture will locus on
culinary arts and how women
have verbally passed down iood

The international Film Group will
present “Gentleman's Agree
ment" and “Night and Fog"
Thursday April 5 In LC 1 at 7:30
and 10pm. Admission is $1 with
tax sticker and $1.50 without.
“Jewish Ltle at SUNY” spon-
sored by the Judalo Studies
Department and RZAAGAR will
locus on opportunities In Judaic
Studies. It will be held Monday
and Tuesday, April 2 and 8 in
H “‘ 354.

 
  

 

Assistance Program to' rise from $2,100 to
$2,700.

Minimum TAP grants will also he lllith
from $250 to $300 a year. The income limit in
quality for the minimum grant will rise t'loln
325.000 to 529.000. About 306.000 college
students now receive TAP. L

To makc up for the loss ot‘ additional tlti-
tiotl income. the state spending plan added
$20.2 llliilion from general rcvcnttcs lo
SUNY's budch and SIZ million to ('UNylc
budget.

IRA member testifies

New York ('i/t~
(AP) All Irish Republican Arllly guerrilla illIr
lnittcd during his extradition heating Mon-
duy Illat Ilc tried to ambush lirilish lllttll'.‘
saying it was his duty to “inflict as nlnlll
casualties as possible" otl them.

Joseph Dollcrty. 29. said ltc \\'tls one tn
t'oltr IRA members involved ill ll \Iltlttlltut
that killed a British Artlly captain ill ilcltlro
He also offered an insider‘s account ol .r
Ilairbrcttdth prison escape with smell ttIIltl
IRA ttlcttlbcrs.

Dollerly testified to bolster his lltgtttllt-ttt
that tile murder atld csctlpc cIttlt'gcs Itc n
sought for in'Northcrn Ireland are PtlIIIitdI
ol‘l'cnscs. II' a judge rules tltcy lttc [tttIIlltitI
crimes. Itc cannot be extradited under 1 s.
law. a defense that has worked ill lhc paw in.
some admitted IRA dcl'endcnts.

 
 
 
   
  
   
 
  
   
 
    
   
   
   

 
  
 
 
 
  

 

 
 
    
 
  

  

A Lecture Series sponsored by
the Department at Mathemzlilcs
and Statistics will teatule a
discussion oi Brownian IOCitI
time and harmonic luncilorls
'Dlven by Richard Gundy ol
Rlllgers University. The lecture
will take place on Thursday Aprtl
5 at 2:30 in E8143.

A Micro-Computer Somlnat Will
be held on Thursday April 4 troll-t
9 am to 4 pm in rootn SB 25 ot
the Educational CollinltllllCJ~
lions Center. The eerllirlnr will
leature Zenith Data Systems
Micro Computers. Students rillt’IJ
laculty are welcome

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WM... ..... ..-... mm.- -.4. am-

TelethOn

By Judith Gesch‘wtnd
\I III IlIlHIH

Telethon 'tl-i catnc to a close
Saturday ltigilt grossing about
539.000. just missing its $40,000
goal.

“This was the third largest intake
and it is e\pcclcd to bc tlle net
highest" prlll‘it ill Telethon history
according tll Ailln Annex. Telethon
ell-treasurer.

'I'clcthon '84. a student run
organization raising tlloltcy for
disabled children. concluded Its
year long I'lllldraisillg efforts with it
24-hour thctIlon. that began i-‘riday
tligltl ill tllc ('llmplls ('cntcr
Iitlllroollt.

Money raised this year will be
donated to the \Vildwood School
t'or Developmentally Disabled and
Autistic (‘Ilildtcn and to the (‘apital
At '1] Spccch (‘cntcr for children
with spccclt itttpllilmenls.

Auctions, pic throwing, pctl‘otw
lltunccs. and children's hour
highlighted the clcnl which is Ilcld
annually at SUNYA.

I'clctlloll look ill mct SL000 by
auctioning otl' space on IItc I‘ronl oi
ll SIINYA bus lot it glllllp to pilot
its name or message. Sclcral
students lloltl State Quad agreed to
lltisc $435 to have Stutc Quad '3”
pllt on ll bus and U('Ii. \\’('I)Ii, and
Debate Society agreed to a combin-
cd hid ol' $600 to have Iltcir message
pill on another green machine.

llidding till the bus message SPIICL‘

wctlt oil for sometime. while the

llttctionccrs kept threatening “going

oncc. going twice." and students

shouted ollt the names of group
.R’

  

    

mango" ..

TUESDA r APRIL 3, I984 l: ALBANY srqoalyrpitljss 3

brings in $39,000 for disabled ohildréll

 

 

Band perlorms during Telethon '84
.‘III(‘IitI/I\, piv-Iltrutl'l'ilg. 111'“ Hill] (‘ltl'lrI/‘t'll '\ l/our llic/l/l‘g/rlt'rl l/ll' (‘l't'HL

lclldcry. tllgitlg t|tlne to keep bid~
ding.

('Itildrcn's hollt. considered by
many to be the must spccitti part of
'I‘elcthon. ol'l‘crcd children from
'I‘clclhonmtpporlcd g ni/tttions
an opportttllity to share ill the

   

  

Presidential Hopeiul Walter Mondale

 

“If we lose. we 'I'e ill trouble. "

and l'cstilitics. the Ballroom was
set tl|‘lIlHlL'1llitI\ilISl)IC\\IlIlgiIIilC\
and entertainment designed for the
children. who wct'c cltttpttl‘ltncd by
SUNYA volunteers.

til the midst ot' tlltlning I‘clclhon
Saturday afternoon, (‘o.chair Atny

Andy (ioldherg \vas‘ loudly ap~
plaltded as Ilc returned to do his im-
pression oi‘ Rodney Dangerfield.
for the second year ill ll row.

The Ka/oo Brothers, another
returning act. played such l'ttvoritcs
lls "Tile Ilop" tlnd IItctttc songs
from "The Adams Family" and
" 'itc Pink Panther" oil the kazoo.

 

Members of the Ka/oo brothers
dressed ill non-matching jackets.
tics. and hats. and wore short
pttnls. Members wearing pink bun-
ny rabbit slippers, colort‘ltl plaid
jackets lttld Mickey Mouse cars
drew I ttdly snickct's from the rut-
dictlcc.

[far It. a tllkc-ot'l' on Michael
Jackson‘s Il‘r'ul II. was performed
by another group who billed
lItcltlsL'I\L‘\ as doillg “something no
human should be allowed to do,"
sititI lcletllon‘s co-clltlir ol' talent
AIIisott tilant. lltc gloltp acted out
the song its the) “cracked eggs on
their IlctItIs and lItlcw t‘ltod ill the
ItltlSlCI men it) ‘thtctIi il‘ 7— they
had a loud ight complete with
loglllt. spam. and chicken." she
said.

  

1:

I'tc thtowilig ctctth are always a
popllldt clcnt dlltitlg l'clctllott. For
the honol ot “throwing a pic ilt so—
nlconc‘s lace Ill trout ot' the
 Iclcthott llttdicttcc. lItc person
throwing the pic pills at least $50 to
lclcliltllt." said littllltclllllttl.

Student Asolcilltillll I’I‘csidcnl
Rich Scltttl‘tcl'. \’icc President for
Student At't‘airs l-lllnk I’ogtle,
\\‘('l)li (icnctai Manager Dave
Singer and U('Ii President Dongll
Kuhn all look pics ill the lace.

DAVE Sillch UPS

/.ittttttcttlt:ttl said “It is an illctcdi»
blc Icciillg aim at w hole you oi
\lolk. lclclhon is :thc to hling ilII
lItc \ttttictlls together." site said.

I’loglumnling dlltiltg 'i‘ciethon
included musical and L'UlllL'ti} acts.

Mondale rallies at Albany airport in
last minute effort to gain votes ‘in N Y-

Corn lied by Christine Relielt
\I

[DI/lllllrll l\\I\/ I

Dctnocralic llopel'lll Walter I‘. Mondale touched
down at lltc Albany airport for a brief campaign rally

on Monday.

“I‘m not a guess-what catldidatc whojltst shows lip
on tile sccnc today attd asks for your votes" he told an

outdoor crowd at the airport.

“You're the boss," Moltdalc added. “We're going
to get llti answer to the question K where‘s the heel?"

The former vice—president t'lcw around the slate
Monday seeking lust lninutesltpport. Having told New
York' Democrats during the past week that “You're
Mondale hoped the voters would give
orders I‘or it big Mondale presidential primary \ictol'y

the boss,"

over Gary Hart.

Throughout the pttsl week. Mondale has cited tllc
impotlzlltcc ot‘ tltc New York primary. declaring that
“It wc lose, we'rc Ill trouble. lint it' we will they‘re go-
ing to have to make a pretty good grab at ollt coat tllils

to catch up."

It" the former lice-president does will. it will be

another giant stride ill one of the most remarkable
comebacks ill i’rcsidcntiai politics. I-‘ront-l'tllmcrs who
l‘ahcr curly are commonplace ill Democratic campaign
III\ItlI)’. those who t'altcr atld Illctl mount a strong
comeback arc |':tt' l'ewct'.

A will ill New York, combined with it share ot‘
delegates from new Saturday's Wisconsin caucuses
and nc\t Tuesday‘s I’t‘llnsHHlltiilli primary would give
him we” met |.000llc|cgrtlcs. It takes t.‘)(l7 to win the
nomination.

Molldalc also would be entitled to point to victories
ill Illinois and New York as clillcncc of strength in the
big ittdllstliai states that Democrats most will it" they
are to defeat I’l‘L'\itIL'lll Reagan ncst l‘ltll.

'l‘hat would crimp illlt‘t‘s claim that lie has the best
chance of defeating Reagan.

Altd that. ill ttlltt. would probably cltlm any ncr-
vollsrrcss among the elected ot'l ‘IiiIS’ and other party
IL'iltIct's who I‘locked lo Mondach side early this year.

Should he lose, Mondale would still have his
tIL‘IL'gtilt.‘ lead. but that will pale beside his other dil-
l'icltltics. '

 

 

 

As part of Student Association's
(SA) cl't'orl to “get out the vote,"
students are being encouraged to
register for November's Presiden-
tial [Elections as they sign ltp for
their housing next year.

Student Action Collllnittcc and
(‘clltral Council members. with
other volunteers, are stal'l‘ing a
lilIlIt.‘ ill the housing sign-up ill'Cll on
State Quad. working to register as
many students its possible.

According to Student Action
('ommittec (‘hair Steve (iawlcy. SA
wants to “try and make it (registra-
tion) another step ill the housing
sign-up."

(tltwiey csliltlttlcd that between
l50 and 200 '.IiltIL'llIS had tegistcrcd
at tile ﬁrst day of Iltbling. Ilc said
that realistically he would \icw
|,l)00 tcgtsll’ttltls’ tor the week as it
success. but that he hopes for as

 

many as 2.500 to 3.000 people to
register.

“We're just trying to get a head
start on registration cl‘l'orts next
year." (itlwlcy said, Through
various means last year. Itc sttid,
about 5.000'studctlts \\’t.‘l’L‘

‘stztlislics that say that

Voter registration to be offered during housing sign-up

tttcr I’lnnning Conference.
Students. (iawley \ilILI. are all ltn-
tapped voting bloc. Ilc citcd
only R7
million pcoplc votcd ill the Will)
elections. that number could be
higher if students voted. he

Between 150 and 200 students
registered during the first day.

 

registered.

"I think it's ilotcl registration
during housing sign-up) going to
take a lot of burden ol‘l' thc pcoplc
next year," he added.

Uil\\IL')' said SA plans to once
again islet incoming freshmen
and lral .er students at thc SIIIII'

ilSScl'iL‘tI.
Ilc also said that the National
Student Voting ('onl'crcncc at liar»
\utd University inst I’cllrtltll’y “set
the tone" for increased registration
el'l‘ot'ts across the country. "We're
trying to become a powerful \otillg

bloc." lie-explained.
—.Iiln ()‘Stlllivall

 

 
 

'Iluulltihttultltl"LAM"le w...

Itlwl l'lt'n'n'l 'u’i ill'l‘l’

 

APPLICATION FOR HEGISVNAYIDN AND ENROLLMENT BY MAIL
C'ION5 ron APPLIEA t l
in. Ilnltrucltonl c-l-tutly llvlnll r ltan Out rum) "ma

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

   

