 

 

 

w ,zn‘w.
-~ ~. ..

bf“, .« .  

WW --...._‘......._.__.____.......~_ .—

«Errors- ', ii   a:.,.  , f 1 .. , .g ‘
To Be Or Not To Be
Stopping The Arms Race Before It Stops Us
A by Michele Lopresti

 

There are about 50.000 nuclear weapons in the
world today. With advanced technology and continual
competition between the United States and the Soviet
Union. this number may increase dramatically during
the years to come. For roughly the past two decades.
arms control measures have been suggested, attemp-
ted. and then suggested and attempted again. Some
advances have been made. such as the signing of SALT
in 1972. but otherwise. success has been minimal.

However. there Is still a chance that disarmament

nuclear arms may not be a realistic. or even possible.
alternative. limited disarmament is a feasible possibility.

Since the bulk of the nuclear weaponry in today's
world is controlled by either the US. or the Soviet
Union. these two superpowers have become the focus
for disarmament activities. They are the countries look-
ed to by all other nations to initiate negotiations that will
lessen hostilities and increase world security.

In order for the United States and the Soviet Union to
begin meaningful negotiations. each must assume that
the East and West can find shared interests. Problems
concerning natural resources. poverty. education. and
environmental protection can become areas in which
the two superpowers could peacefully aid one another.
If these problems becatne priorities. armaments might
recede in importance on at least a small scale. As a
result. this conversion would have to come before disar-
mament. which would then become accepted as a
necessity.

There are other perspectives which must be stressed
and analyzed before the question of disarmament could
possibly become more than the pipe dream it presently
is. it is startlingly easy to find reasons why either the
Soviets or the Americans would want disarmament.
and these reasons must become the major incentive
toward making disarmament a reality.

First. the Soviet Union has had unfavorable ex-
periences in past wars. suffering great damage and
much loss of life. The Soviet Union is not looking to
begin a war. simply because it is obvious that any con-
frontation would take place in Europe. and that's much
too close to the Soviets' own backyard. Thus. the
Soviets should be regarded as eager for a peaceful
world. if only as a matter of safety.

Another breath of hope is the fact that both the
United States and the Soviet Union have continued to
at least attempt to have special talks and conferences.
Although most recently these talks have been markedly
unsuccessful. and have concentrated on arms limita-
tions rather than disarmament. these attempts at recon-
ciliation show a willingness to do something about the
frightening situation of the world. The Soviet Unoin
seemed cooperative enough during the first SALT talks.
and displayed its willingness to negotiate in START.
The United States. for her part. has been largely
responsible for these attempts. although she has also
managed to do her share in deterring them. However. if
these attempts at negotiations continue. it shows that
even a leader like Ronald Reagan realizes that
something must be done. This. combined with increas-
ing public pressure in both contries to make peaceful
overtures. will hopefully produce concrete and definite
settlements.

Another problem facing the Soviet Union which
should be taken into consideration when analyzing her
apparent reluctance to negotiate is the fact that she has
always been behind the United States in the arms race.
until perhaps very recently. This is not a favorable posi-
tion for any world power in the “showdown” situation
that the Soviets find themselves in. In this situation. the
Soviet Union has been afraid of losing her influence in
neighboring Eastern European countries. The Soviets
have shown very little concern for expansion compared
to the concern they have exhibited over the defense of
her own territory. The United States should try to
understand this. and should not approach the talks on
the defensive. Both nations should realize that the other
does not pose as large a threat as propaganda has made
it seem. although there is a threat. With a more relaxed
attitude toward one another. reduction of armaments

 

»*~"‘<~mar-we'daa'a‘oﬁeyxﬁizl . ‘ .. ~ .

-may be more easily achieved.

may come about. Although a total elimination of ’

 

 

Besides Soviet and American attempts at peace.
other countries have also shown a desire for disarma-
ment. China. a great threat to the Soviets. has called for
complete nuclear disarmament.

This attitude gives some hope to the possibility that
the Soviets would be willing to disarm. The United
States should realize that China becomes a great con-
sideration when the Soviet Union is building up its ar—
maments. With the Chinese call for disarmament. and
the avowed peaceful intentions of the United States.
there Is a slim chance for some disarmament measures
to be taken.

it is apparent that the Soviet Union would have many
reasons for wanting disarmament. as for the United
States. it seems that she has been acting in a very nar-
row. suspicious way. By playing propanganda games.
and working under the perception theory (a political
device used to gain support for military spending). the
military and the politicians of the United States seem to
be attempting to gear up a public frenzy in support of
the expanded weapons programs. However. as the
decades have passed and these games have begun to
gall a more sophisticated public. criticism of the gover-
me‘nt's policies have increased. This increase in public
awareness and disapproval is another factor in deter-

mining the success of disarmament.

D [It .3

The peace movement on the whole has grown
tremendously over the past five years. especially in
Europe. where it has had a strong incentive to grow the
Europeans have always been In the middle of the super-
powers' gaming strategies. and if a conflict were to ever
arise. it would most likely take place in Europe. and the
Europeans recognize that there is nothing for them to
do but lose. Put in that situation. the Europeans have
begun a mass movement. and have attempted to rouse
Americans to their cause. Basically. their program calls
for a uniform movement for disarmament. in hope of

dissolving the two power blocs that have coalesced

around the two superpowers.

 

 

 

 

i' P r F P
surﬁng

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

lit

 

The Europeans believe in their cause. and as the

~ numbers and criticisms of the dissident factions in-

crease. politicians cannot help but feel pressured to take
peaceful measures. This is exactly the effect the Euro-
pean movement hopes to create. and towards which it
would like its American counterparts to work.

As the peace movements receive more publicity.
public opinion may change in a positive way for the
peace movement. Laurence Martin believes that public
attitudes will come to have a decisive influence on
government policies. in an article published in The
Atlantic Community Quarterly. he writes.

Pacifistic attitudes can have very specific strategic ef-
forts. In recent years. antimiiiarism. . .has bred a
distrust of technology that makes every new Western

weapon program a minor ideological battle.
it becomes obvious at this point how public opinion
makes it difficult for politicians to smoothly carry out
their policies. increased public pressure helps to bring
about results. Previous peace movements have been

 weak and unsuccessful. but the dangers which are c0n~

fronting the world today are so threatening that ex—
treme action and growth in international peace pro-
grams can help to initiate the disarmament process.
Also. the cost and burden of a constant military
buildup has a great effect on a society such as ours.
Money that is allotted to nuclear Weapons programs
results in less money spent on social and economic pro-

} blems. problems more immediate to the citizens of any

country than delenseSoon. people will realize that their
society is suffering as a result of constant military
buildup. and the impetus to protest will be increased.

As nuclear wepons become more and more impor~
tant. they also become less and less suitable for conven-
tional war. As technology creates more complex
weapons. the more vulnerable these weapons become
to technical hazards.

New and recent missiles are useless over flatlands.
their ability still uncertain. and they are affected by
seasonal changes. The newer weapons become increas-
ingly expensive while their advantages decrease.
Governments will find it more difficult to have their
weapons policies approved.

If arsenals and buildup programs are eliminated.
new ideas and programs will emerge. The development
of peace programs and the improvement of the safety of
nuclear power plants can be a few of the benefits. of
reducing military spending, As these improvements are
observed by the public. the arming process will be look~
ed upon as disadvantageous. and thus the stage for
disarmament Would be set. With China urging disar-
mament. one can see a little pressure being put upon
the United States and the Soviets. President Reagan
may also be feeling some pressure from the NATO
allies. who are eager for him to resume negotiations
with Moscow. Along with this. the effects of public pro-
tests are being felt in some of the Western European
governments. Hopefully. public pressure can have an
influence on governmental policies. and may serve as a
model for peace movement In other countries.

These are just recent events which give hope for the
future. They show a willingness to work for peace and
an attitude of determination. rather than one of
rigidness and stubbornness.

Disarmament can be a feasible policy. However.
because of the foundations of each nation. disarma-
ment has its limits. Because of differences In nations'
Ideologies. and the competition which arises from this.
an arms-free world could never be possible. There
would always exist that slight tendency to oppose or
contradict a country which holds different opinions of
world organization. There would always be a feeling of y
a need for defense.

Although conventional weapons offer a much safer
defense mechanism. the idea that the military would be
able to ignore the perverse attractiveness of a weapon
with as much destructive power as nuclear weapons
possess. With the development of nuclear energy. the
concept of nuclear power would always linger on.

l'm no idiot. and l recognize the utter impossibility of
what l'm arguing for here. But even though there may
be limits to disarmament. there is still hope that the ma-
jority of weapons could be eliminated. With a greater
understanding between all nations. a rise in the peace
movement. and with the problems of a massive arms
build-up superseding it’s advantages. a more peaceful
world can result. A great deal of work and determina-
tion ls required on the parts of the world leaders. and a

great deal of conscientious dedication on the parts of its
citizens. Complete disarmament Is too ideal for today.
and yet. in the words of Lawrence Eagleburger. “. . .we
must steer a middle course between the friendship we
cannot have and the war we must not have." C]

 

 

