  

“— .ﬂ—c.‘u._¢.'x~

.. -a ; (.n .,.c

 

 

 

~ Z‘ALBANY STUDENT PRESS I I. FRIDA YAPRIL 6. I934

NEWS BRIEFS : ‘

 

 

 

Worldwide

Mass grave found

El Salvador
(APer mass grave filled with murdered
peasants was discovered in Western El
SalvadOr. ttnd officials said the country's
presidential election is triggering an increase
in political violence.
ltt Honduras. the Congress on Wednesday
elected Brig. Gen. Walter Lopez Reyes. the
ltead of the air force. to replace tlte ottsted
eotnntandcr of the country's armed forces.
Lop‘el. Reyes. 43. the nephew of a former
military dictator. is said to favor close ties
with the United States
A member of El Salvador's ltutnan rigltts
cotntttission said tltat remains of murder vic-
tims are being found almost drtily in areas
north of the San Salvador.
The huntan rights observer. requesting.
anonymity for fear of rcprisals. said Wednes-
‘day tltat sotttc 20 bodies were discovered last
week in a tnttss grave near the town oi
Armenia. 24 tuilcs west of the capital.

 

 

The bodies were believed to be tltose oi"
pcasttttts slain itt property disputes witlt
former landowners. Some bodies were par-
tially btrrrrcd. apparently in an effort to
obscure their identities. tlte official said.

In interviews. government officials and
other sottrces linked growing political
violence by leftists and riglttists to tire
U.S.-bttcked presidential election.

Queen to visit

Lam/tilt
(AP) Queen lili/abetlt it. who runs one of
Britain's leading thoroughbred stables. will
be lravelittg to tlte United States to visit stud
farms around Lexington. Ky.. where sonre of
ltcr mares will be paired with Attterican
stallions. Buckingham Palace has announc-
ed.

The 57-year-old tttonarclt will be tnaking a
private visit Oct. ii-iS withottt her husband.
Prince Pltilip. according to the announce-
tnent Wednesday.

Eli/abcth rarely tttakes such private trips.
Britain's Press Association ttcws service says
the last one was in.May l967. when site
visited stud farms in Normandy. France.

Rebels pose threat

Nicaragua
(AP) US. supported rebels. once a. tncre
nuisance. have become an enduring threat.
draining lttttttan and economic resource:
from the leftist Sandinista government.

Towns along Nicaragua's northern bordct
Wilit Honduras where only inexperiencet.
tnilitia and reserve battalions were posetet‘
‘two years ago ttow are defended by Cuban
trained counterinsurgency units called it
regular Combat Battalions. Scoop convoy-
and Soviet-supplied tanks and artillary are or
the move constantly. _

Tlte rebels. known as the “contras.”
recently have avoided direct confrontations
with the Sandinista military. going instead
for economic targets that often are more
vulnerable.

The mining of ports has added a new ele-
ment of tension to the struggle, with at |
seven vessels dtttttttgcd —- including a SUVIL'l
ship.

The rebel force whose military command is
dotninated by fortner members of tile na-
tional gttttrd of rightist President Anastasio'
Somo/a is based in Honduras Sumo/a was
overthrown by the Sandittist
and assassinated in I980 while itt exile in
Paraguay.

 

 

 

lyglionwide

 

 

 

Namath arraigned

. Beverley Hills, Ca.
(AP) Former pro football star Joe Namath
has been ordered to attend alcohol rehabilita-
tion classes after pleading guilty to a drunken
driving charge. a prosecutor said.

Namath. 40. who‘cntered tlte plea through
his attorney Wednesday. also was fined $390
and ordered to drive only to and from work
for 90 days. Deputy District Attorney Anna
Lopar said. . ~

 

PREVIEW OF E VENTS% -

8:00 In

Free listings

“Alto-American Splendor: A
Feettvrtl of Black Women's Poetry."
will hold a poetry reading on Friday.
April 6 at 8:45 pm. In the Perlormlng
Arts Center Recital Hall.

“Love Canal: Scientific and
Political Lessons," Is the title of a
speech that will be given on Mon
day. April 9 at 7:30 pm. In LC 19
The speaker will be Beverly Patgen
a former researcher for the state
Department of Health.

Walt Frazier will speak on Sports
Awareness Wednesday. April 11 at

bby.

A career

Ballroom. Tickets will be on sale
from April 9 to April 11 in the CC
..0

A Physics Colloquium will be held
on Tuesday. April 10 at 11:15 am. lr
Physics 129. Caroline Morgan-Pond
will speak.

Colorblaet. a fashion show and
disco will be presented Friday. April
6 at 9 pm. In the Campus Center
Ballroom. Tickets are $3 with a tax
sticker, $8.50 without. Sponsored
by SUNYA Modelling Association.

the Campus Center

Humanities 354.

will hold a meet

The program In

together scholars
Europe and America; and Is open to

undergraduate
students.

Night. on career oppor-. April 8 at

 

, ’10

tunitles In the tleld of corn

mu -
tion will be held on Monday. Agiiias
from 7 pm to 9:80 p.m.

Chinese Studies/Austria Program

in o
Aprtt9at t p.m.tn g n Monday'

Viewpolnts deadline tor ro
mleelone has been exigeniigdsui:

Weapon ban proposed

Washington
(AP) The Uttited States. accused by» the
Kremlin of stalling on negotiations to curb
chemical weapons. is rcatly to propose a total
global ban on development. production and
stockpiling of the devices attd tough steps to
protect against any cheating.

In the tneantitnc. however. the administra-
tion will continue to pttslt for resuming ULS.
production of chemical weapons. President
Reagan said Wednesday.

“if we're going to have a chemical warfare
ban or a treaty banning them, you've got to
have something to bargain with." Reagan
said. .
Noting tltat the United States has not pro-
dttccd any chemical weapons since I969.
Reagan said the Soviet Union "has a massive
arsenal and is ahead of its in ntany areas hav-
ing to do with chemical warfare."

Senate ok’s aid
Washington

(AP) The Senate. for the third titne in two
days. Thursday scuttled a Democratic move
to end or restrict U.S. aid to rebels who are
fighting the left-wing government of

 

By all accounts John Cougar Mellencamp rocked the gym Monday night Uh-ii‘tiiiiv

should be brou'ght to
In Campus Center 116

In
Summer Work in

Humanities 290.
Austria brings

[om] lcmna, Benefit Concer

publication or
Ital/yes WI”

and graduate oon Cate

Quad Ftagtoom on
from 10 a.rn, to 4

the SA Otitce Kinnell and Louis Simpson wtil read

Britain will
gLsgﬂzszd at a meeting to be helig
n. s ay,AprIi10 at 4 pm. In LC

t for the upcoming
Mutual Ald Alter-
besrelgl at the Hall
adtson A .
ﬁnany. on Friday, April 5 at a 
e Bloodmoblte will be In the State
Monday. April 9
m. .

'5 pm. Submissions . . d.
a P at 8 .m. r ms ltt.r’t
' utltzer Prize winning poets Galway quarterapal ngbctiraliol’riiottm

 

Nicaragua.

By a vote of Sl-44. the lttumttkcts rejected
a proposal by Sen. Carl Levin. l)-Miclt it.
prevent spending tttottey to help those “ii”...
stated purpose is to overthrow a governing".
recognized by the United States.

The amendment was offered for it hill con.
taining $6l.7 million in ctttcrgctrcy llliiilttt)
aid for El Salvador and $21 million torrid“
the Nicaraguan guerrillas.

 

 

Statewide
SUNYtultlon changed

r‘iI/MII '
(AP) Tuition increases averaging $500 rr yogi:
for out-of—state students writ he :tpptowd
later this month by lrttstccs for New t’oti'r
public universities.

The tuition increases are designed to lill\t'
$4.5 million annually from 9,000 tttttroi‘slale
students at the State University or New toil
and $2 million a year from 4.000 such
stttdents at the City University oI New york,

Gov. Mario Cttomo called tor trrittorr in-
creases for all students at both sltNi’ .rrrrt
CUNY in his 1984-85 state budget proposal.

However, the state Legislatutc .ltitit'ti Sit.
million to the new state budget to ilitlvi. .r
$200 attnttal increase in tltttictyttttittttlt' tur-
tiott rect‘ttntncndcd by Cttomo tor Nut Yort
residents attending either SUM' ot t [MI
The money also eliminates any ttccd tot lll~
creasing tuition for graduate sturlctrr. uito
are New York residents.

in addition to lltc tttitiott Iiltlt‘rl‘rk'. thr-
SUNY trttstees will apprtttc It $I<o lIltik‘ile‘
in annual dormitory rates. itItIilv\ s.|ltl.
Cuomo had recommended lltc tiotm it'ili rrr-
crease to raise an extra $10 million lot slaw
and the Legislature provided no mum-y to
prevent it from being illlDiL‘illL'ilit'ti.

 

 

 

Print records planned

.‘l/lltilll‘
(AP) A state program to pt'otitic patcttts ttitll
fingerprint records of their children \\lt\
launched Monday. '
The records. which will not he kept In to“
enforcement agenci 's are designed to rttttit‘
it easier to find tni sing children. i'.ttcttts

 

'~cduld supply the fingerprints to ttlllccls look-

ing for the children.

A restaurant chain has donated 510th“
ﬁngerprint cards to the volttntatt ptoytttttt.
which will take fingerprints of cittititt‘tt tli‘ I“
age 16.

The State Police and i)i\isiort ol t tttttItItll
Justice Services will coordinate the ptttlllil'“
and will be aided by other law cttlotcctttcttl
agencies. Civic groups will help set up lingo-
Prinling programs.

Parents can also contact local ot sltllt.’ itttt

. enforcement agencies to arrange I’ot titlst't'
' prinlittg.

Correction

in Tuesday's Albany Slut/em I’rt'o. ill a
Story on the Wildwood School we incorrectly
repqncd “19 donation the school would
feCCIVc from Telethon '84. The correct t'igtrrc
'5 slovooor Which is 40 perccttt of 'l‘clettrotr'r
“cl profit.

their work at the New York State
Museum on Saturday. Apt" 7 “5
part oi SUNY's Writer's Festiviti-

European-Amerlcan Relations Will
be the topic of a lecture by Di. Cot-
nellus Summer on Tuesday. Apt”
10. at 4 pm. In the Patroon Rorntn
Lounge.

Militant Labor Forum will present a
program on American involvetnunl
In Central America on Friday . AW”
6

  

 

 

 

 

/\

By Eric Hindtn
.\'I'.«tllv tilt/(Ht

Most students say they usually get the r
housing they want although not without
sotttc confusion. This year Residential the
officials say they anticipate an even tnore ef-
ficient sign-up process. .

Housing sign up for the upcoming scitool
year will be held on each qtrad April 6
through 12. As in the past. assignments will
be made on tlte basis of Iltc group‘s lottery
numbers attd class years.

According to the Director of Residential
Life John Martotte. the office used a com-
ptttcrized procc s for the first titnc last year.

 

' attd as with all new computer prograttts lltcirs

caused numerous problctus.

llousing assigmcnts for the I983-l9il4
school year were ttot completctl until August.
Martone said. 'l‘his.y'ar. Marton- asserted.
ltottsig sign-tip is sitttplc and should be

 

by putting three students in rooms meant for
two. '

For those students confused by tltc housing
sign-up procedures Residential Life publishes
a detailed instruction sheet as well as another
sheet containing the answers to the most fre-
qrretttiy asked qttcsliotts about housing sign-
ttp. In addition. Residential Life sponsors
meetings on cacti quad where students can at-
tend and ask any questions they might Itavc.

Residcttt Assistants. (RAs) also attcttd a
workshop concerning housing sign-up and
cart answer tttost questions regarding hous-
ittg. Some quads feature tables by cafeterias
where students catt get'explattations from so-
tneone well versed itt housittg procedures.

Problems caused by the ttcw cotttputcr
system. according to Assistant Director of
Residential life Dcatt Kttapttm. iti\'t)|\ct| tltc
way tltc quads were ended on residential life's

Assignments will be made on the basis of the

lottery number and priority.

quicker titan ever before. Martoue said lte
does ttot expect a repeat of atty ol‘ the
tttistakcs that delayed assignments last year
because most of the bttgs found in the new
computer have been worked ottt.

Assidc frotn speeding up the assignment
process. Martone explained, the corttptttcrs
ltavc also reduced the amount of Iitne
students tmtst spend waiting on littc at State
Quad, when they pick up their lottery
number and get their m‘al card pictttre
taken.

lzaclt year, Residential Life assigtts housing
to approximately 6300 students. which
represents about 101 percent of the capacity
of the dorms. The extra one percent is housed

room teqttcst form.

Knapton said the information on the tooth
request form. which is similar to the machine
readable lcst forms ttscd by most professors.
is first t“tlti by the Utti ate. at the SUNYA
Computing Center. and converted to a tape.
it is tltett. Knapton explained. fed ittto the
UAS computer. whereResidential I it'c's pro-
grattt interprets the information on the tape.

It is ltcre, explained Knapton. that a
mistake was tttade. when the information on
the tape was misread by Residental l.ifc's
program. The net effect. according to Knap-
ton. was that approximately 150 students
were' incorrectly assigned to.Aiumni Quad

 

FRIDA YAPRIL 6, I98

j Martone aims for easy housing sign-up '

attd some were housed itt increased occupan-
cy.

In just about all cases. said Martone. the
staff of Residential Life manually corrected
the errors. and was able to get students citltcr
the roommates tltcy requested. or the loca-
tion they requested. Students were also on-
triplcd. in tile majority of cttseshttccordittg to
Martone.

In a separate situation said Kttapton. a
bteakdowtt iii the scanning machine. which
reads tltc roont rcqttcst forttts. caused a delay
iii the assignment process.

there ttctc also problems. Knapton said.
with the number of suites set aside for tttaic
and female occupants. It Ittrttcd tttrt. that tile
ctitttptllct ptogtattt Itad c\tra suites allocated
tot one sex. and ttot cttottglt for all tltc in-
coming I'tcsltman of the other sex.

lltc comptttet system according to Mar-
totte. cost Residential | ifc $30,000 to com-
plctc and “as funded primarily from sttltttttct
conferences Itcld at the university. iti which
dorms netc usctl tatlrct titan hotels to house
patticipants.

ls'ttaptori did ttot blatttc “System im-
plementation". tltc company who designed
the system. fot last year‘s ptoblcttts. It would
be iillltttssiiilL‘ lot a ptogtam as complicated
as tltc one Residential | ifc uses to he \\ithout
"bugs". itt its IiisI running. Knaptou tttaitt«
taitted.

the program is complicated. accottling to
Mattottc. because Residential l ifc tries to be
as lUs|\tlllsi\L' its possible to students' ttccds.
Students. said Martoue. can cltotts' a low-
tise ot a tower dormitory on whatc\cr
't|lltltittlllyit.‘ they want attd they can indicate a
preference for co-ed housing. non co-cti
housing. or one of four special interest hous-
ing assignments. of course. Martone noted.
students may ttot always be able to get the c\-
act location they desirc. especially if they
haxe low priority numbers.

Solutions sought to courtship Violence

By Michelle Busher
start-1" WRITER

Several cases of harrassmenl of women.
but no rapes. have been reported on campus
during the fall and spring semesters this year.
according to PUblic Safely records.

“Most incidents." said Director of Public
Safety James Williams. "happen in women's
rooms by people they know."

In cases like these. he explained. the vic-
tims often do not file a complaint until they
are severely injured even though the attackers
may have pushed them around or threatened
them in the pat.

Assistant Director of Residential Life
Elizabeth Radko. said that this ltas become

an increasing concern. “The staff is aware of

it." she said.

“When a problem arises ’on campus we

deal with it like we deal with all other pro-

blems." Radko explained. “There is so-

 

James Williams
"Ii/I0.” l'IIt'ir/t'ltls‘ happen in women '.r mun/s.

 

son lays out the options available ttttd tries to
resolve or rectifly the problem.” This cottld
mean one of several options such as staff
conferences with those involved, judicial
referral or maybe criminal action. Site ex-
plained.

According to Bonnie Carlson. an assistant
professor in the School of Social Welfare
who Itas done extensive research in the area
of family violence, this kind of “Courtship
violence” is common on many eatnpuses.

After studying several analyses of court-
ship violencc on college campuses. Carlson
applied the statistics to a campus the size of
SUNYA. “it is possible to do this. because
the reports are so similar." site said.

Projections. Carlson said. show that over
one-half of all college stttdcnts know so-
tneone who ltas been involved in a violent
relationship and one-fifth to one-third have
been involved in one themselves. site said. A
campus this large that would mean that up to
600 students may have beetr assaulted willt a
closed fist. up to 150 may have bcen assaulted
with a weapon and over 200 students may
ltave been choked or strangled. she asserted.

Carlson ltas worked on studies on battered
wotttcn. interviewed local teachers on the
ttnde tattding of domestic violence and is
rescarclting mothers and cltildren in battered
women shelters on the affects that this
violence has on children.

“Violence in marriage often cottlittttcs dtte
to economic depcttdaney and children."
maintained Carlson. "yet without these
kinds of ties in dating cottplcs one-half of the
couples continttcd to date after the violence
and one-third of those who did said that tltcy
felt the relationship had improved."

Carlson went on to explain that 29 pcrcettt
of the people sttrvcyed felt that violcttcc
signified love. Other reasons for staying with
their partners dealt with feelings concerning
jealousy attd sexuality.

(‘ttrlson added site believes that an ittcrcasc
itt alcohol abuse on campus has a lot to do
with violon:e. “People are ntore likely to be
violent. because alcohol affects your inhihi~
tiotls." .

 

Radko said site believes that many victittts
do not report ittcidcttts of ltarrasstncttts the
first titnc that they occttr becattse “they tend
to accept this as part of the relationship. it
may start as‘tct'bal abuse and people expect
to ha\c rotrgh times with their relationship so
they don't t'ccogni/c it as harrasstncnt or
abuse.“

Carlson said that “couple counseling cottld
del'inately lteip studettts who are having these
dil'i‘cultics. it's a couple's problem." site atl-
tlcd.

This violence partially occurs because.
people don‘t ltavc othcr‘hvcnues for resolving
conflicts. They have to find alternative ways
to resolve tltcsc conflicts and this is
something that cart be taught. explaittcd
Carlson.

Carlson tttentiottcd that a program iii the
dorms on campus cottld be very beneficial to
inform students attd get the problem ottt in

the open. She suggested a workshop aimed at '

informing incoming freshmen.

“Freshmen especially should be informed.
because they are ctttering a new setting attd
are eager to meet people and start new rela-
tionships." site added.

"In many cases people don't wattt to
change partners." according to Middle
Earth Administrative Cooridinator Valerie
l’ahcy. "They wattt the behavior to change."

Site explained that lit sotnc situations Mid-
dle Earth can provide short tcrtn cottnseiing
to a cottplc or an individual.

Metnbcrs from Residential Life. Middle
Earth attd the Presidcnet's Task Force for
Women's Safety have tttade plans to research
his problem itt greater detail attd eventually
devise a way to d‘al with the problem on
:ampus. Ratlko said.

According to l-‘ahey sonte of these
possibilities may inclttdc raising an awareness
of tltc problem. scttsiIi/ing Resident
Assistants and people who are responsible for
tttaking rci'ctt‘ttls' as to what ‘thc issue in-
volves.

She emphasi/cd that little or no research

has been done as yet. however. and much of
this is still irt tltc planning process. LJ

 

 

r r ALBANY srUchr guess. 3

 

 

SUE MINOICH UPS
Donald Whitlock '

.itl/ .‘i’lttt/t‘tIIT‘tlidtt/tlﬁle 327.241“.

Financial aid
options outlined
before deadline

By Johanna Clancy

\I III Ilit’lll If

Noting that there are many possible finan-
cial aid programs open to SUNYA stttdcttts.
Director of tile SUNYA Office of Financial
Aid Donald Whitlock urged students to file
their financial Aid Form and SUNYA aid
for ms before tltc April 23 deadline.

iii an interview last week. Whitlock outlin-
cd some of the programs available to
students. and said that although federal
assistance is harder to get. new state rules
may opctt funding to students who previously
cottltl ttot tecci\c aid.

the l‘inattcial Aid l-‘orm helps deterntine
Itow nurch aid at slttdettt is eligible for based
on strict formulas that take into account
fatnily earnings and assets. Whitlock said.
llowewr. he added that the form uses a ‘.'i'ix-
cd tttacltitte format that many things do not
fit irtto because of the greater and greater
restrictions." especially those initiated by the
Rcagatt administration. Whitlock said.

Whitlock noted that computer errors are
“relatively infrequent. The largest problem is
that the forms are so detailed families make
understandable errors." lrregularilies bet-
ween the i’Al’ anti tax records are in-
vestigated, ltc asserted.

Wltitlock noted that some families assume
their income is too high for a student to
receive financial aid. "This is not necessarily
trite. he stated. maintaining that all
students should file their l-‘AF. as well as
TA ’ anti SUNYA financial aid forms.

“The deadline for year l984-85...is April
23.“ stressed Whitlock. who added that to
file the SUNYA form the parent‘s state and
federal income tax forms and possibly other
income docuntentation are needed.

“Most students who file receive some kind
of aid. there are a lot of Regent's scholarship
witttters at Albany." commented Whitlock.

The Financial Aid Office does review in-
dividttal student's forms. he said. adding that
every Guaranteed Student Loan (GSL) has to
ha a "needs analy” ." This is the “biggest
work load taken on iii the past few years."
Whitlock said.

“We do consider and evaluate extenttating
circumstances. There is room for the human
element. We have tltc authority to make these
judgements." ltc added. ’

 

   

College work study

The College Work Stttdy Program
(CWSP). a form of state aid based on finan-
cial nccd detcrtnined by the FAF and
SUNYA's aid fortn. places students in
academic and non-academic offices itt “posi-
lions they've indicated on the SUNYA aid
application." stated Wltitloek.

Ilc said his office ltas "received positive
compliments on CWSI’ and the students that
fill these positions. The nutnbcr of probletns
tiresmail." he said. “i don't know what the
University would do without tltctn." '

Tuition Assistance Program »
Due to new Tuition As. istance Program
(TAP). eligibility qualifications. “all New
.York State residents. full-time. enrolled in n
. g»

 

 

