sir-5x pat:- .

 

 

    
  

V .
T «4:95;, '. "

from". an.»

 

._ W said Jean Druesdow
- ‘e institute. '

Besides the careful positioning a
of the mannequins. special attentlor
ed on the walls behind them. wa]
and repainted. in the hopes of ach'
sense of vitality." according to D,
tunately. most of the hopes were
power of the red and the gm
the displays.

One exception is the square r00
Saint Laurent's African dresses iro
circled by colorful jackets that light
theatrical costumes that give it Chara
the spacious hallway that Sllf)\i.’Ca59§
and slack and blazer outfits. The th
whimsical. with large tree trunks to
floor. and thick branches liilltgltigo
of the dummies are seated on gar
sport big brimmed hats,

An unexpected treat was the dpp
tings from the museum's collect
Picasso of a girl trotting a dress be
evening cape of black silk gala,
yellow. red and purple ruffleswhlc
of Picasso's clown and jester perio And in turn.

has been plac-
swere painted
aving “a strong
esdow. Unfor-
n vain. as the
9“ r00 ns detract from
n that features
rt '67. it is en-
p the area and
ter. Another is
his day dresses
me is light and
ning out of the
erhead. Many
en chairs and

rance of pain-
n. There's a
nd a ‘Picasso‘
trimmed with
is rernlniscent

 

  

 

 
   

5., game...”

A quartet of fashionably long cashmere coats
descends the museum steps. Three pairs of leather
jeans and‘creamy leather boots are leaving that
same stairwell. stopping to admire some Egyptian
art. And rolling by both contingents are a pair of
avante garde matrons. their short bangs kicking up
at the air as their long beads beat down on their
stomachs.

They stop. spin around a few times. ready to
move on. when they see the sign that reads “Yves
Saint Laurent: 25 Years of Design."

The beaded women are beginning to merge with
the mob that is gathering to see the treasures from
the designer's past fifty couture collections. 7

They begin at the evening dresses. their eyes ad-
justing to the dim colored lights that bounce off the
grass green walls. They admire the dresses. not
even noticing that they are from different years and
seasonal collections. '

Helen. the taller of the two beads. is immediately
enchanted with the simple lines and the richness of
the chiffons. sattns and panne velvets that surround
her. The smooth. white mannequins seem to have
hypnotized her. She turns to one wearing an ex-
traordinarly low cut back and tells it, “Oh my. i
would think that you'd wear something under

that."

Suddenly. Helen isjerked forward by her friend.
whose beads are thrashing about her chest. Helen
resists. explaining “The one at the end. can you
believe it? it's fantastic; i like the back on that one."

Helen's friend. decidely unenchanted. firms her
grip and races by muttering "C'mon Helen. let’s get
past these ladies."

 

 

 

DUE]

There is no need for them to hurry. however. as
the Yves Saint Laurent exhibit does not take more
than forty-five minutes to view in detail. And since
the lighting in the narrow hallways is so incredibly
dull. it's a relief that the exhibit doesn't take any
longer to see.

That isn't to say that the exhibit Isn't any good.
Despite the lighting and the oddness of the green
walls and astroturf. it is awesome.

The genius of Saint Laurent is everywhere.
Throughout the halls there is an asynchronous
chant of "Omigods"'as people pass by the different
exhibits.

|,li]lJ

The displays themselves are works of art. Diana
Vreeland. who has been directing the exhibits at the
Costume institute of the Metropolitan Museum of
Art for the past twelve years. did a spectacular job

The major obstacle that she faced was making
sure that the show didn't look like department store
Windows. This was an ever present probability as
even his designs from the late 1950's look modern

in ovarcoming the shop window look Ms.
Vreeland and her staff have created an incredible
group of personable mannequins that speak to thei
audience. The young bride displaying a dress of of]:
toman and silk is pensive. The woman wearin
black velvet cocktail dress is slightly aloof. and lb:
greadel in a pale green evening dress is cooly confi-

Four Great Artists: Mondrian.
and Saint Laurent. Photo by Du

 

the 'Matisse' evening dress in blaclt d white ruffl-
ed taffeia also has an accompa ing painting.
Strangely. though. Some of the tmjngs were
simply remnants from the last at it at the in-
stltute.

The art helped to get peopleihin g, as it clued
viewers in as to how some oi
designs were inspired. Said one it
propriate air of authority. “Thin
something." "

The music was contrived to in
Saint Laurent's clothing themes

 

Matisse, Picasso
one Michalo.

     
  
  
    
    
   
     
   
  
 
   
 
    

Each type of dressware has Its own section. The
evening dresses. the evening ensembles. the day
dresses and the many ethnic pieces are grouped ac-
cording to their characteristic moods. This arrange-
ment ls especially impressive when one notices the
wide span of years separating the outfits in each
group. With the exception of Saint Laurent's

inspired by

the spirit of

famous ‘trapeze' dresses (his first collection destgn- part of “Lucy in the Sky with I was
ed for the House of Dior in 1958) and a few others. followed by Chinese gongs. while u s chirped In
his work is not dated. the large hallway cum gardenalr et ahead
' And throughout was the Subtleir a of Paris. a
The intention of the nonchronological groupings new perfume by Pariums szy ' Laurent mar
is not to deceive the visitors. but to highlight Saint Ms. Vreeland had selected "to g. e feeling of
Laurent's genius. What gives most of the apparel movement," QXplitincrl [)tuesdot unk'
away. however. are the accessories that Saint Overall, “The costume institute worked on

the exhibit for a year. and Il too'rtit e months to
install it." said Druesdow.

Laurent has selected for them. Before the show
opened. Laurent spent “. . . two weeks accessoriz-
ing the mannequins so that the garments had the
same look that they did at the time of their runway j- 1 j ._

 

  
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

" , _. . ' ' tru‘! 
‘ '  tilt
iii"

.1';; i

e

:‘r

urator. for: the;

id accesorizingy, f.

    
  

 

  

 

  
 
 

 
  
      
    
 
  

gold braid and {ring it reach/ed mixed reactions .,
from the audience. most'favoring the portrait to the
outfit. Said one woman, “it doesn't speak to me. i
would stain it right aWay with toothpaste.But ooh,
- that painting." _' .

An evening dress of red orange silk organdy
drew 'oohs' and 'aahs' from the crowd. The much
tapered and somewhat constricting skirt of the dress
caused many to say that "He wasn’t in the business
of making it wearable." Nevertheless. the piece,
which is from Saint Laurent's Spring/Summer col-

'lection for '81. was stunning. and was highlighted
by Andre Derain's ‘Head of a Girl' which was hang-
ing behind it. Together. the painting and dress
seemed to be from another time. prompting one
onlooker to say “it's so meedy-eevil."

 
   

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       
   
   
  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

In“; .—" Writer‘s:

    

g4

 
 
 
  

n' l' 3*»; same.

   

Saint Laurent's famous 'Mondrian' look was
represented by a simple wool jersey that he design-
ed in 1965. And in the opening hallway there were
two below-the-knee ‘Picasso' dresses. The first. an
evening dress. was of orange rnoire and featured
multicolored satin appliques on the skirt. The other
was of an incredibly creamy black satin. The chest
was a cublsts' dream come true. a stunning em-
broidered face done in crystaline yellow and pink
sequins. Both ‘Picassos’ were from the Fall/Winter
collection for ‘79-'80.

Unfortunately. the side by side Velasquez wed-
ding pieces. 'Costume for a Groom' in black moire
and ‘Costume for a Flower Girl' in pink moire. were
hopelessly outdated and quickly passed over.

Perhaps the most spectacular room theme of all
was the one that explored all 25 years of Saint
Laurent. in black. The cocktail dresses. the pant
outfits that mimic tnen's formal evening wear. and
the evening gowns perfectly exhibited the
designer's eye for timeless quality. The materials
were rich artd intriguing: there were velvets, batiste.
glazed cotton. satin. and ct'epes.

 

i i it i.)

The large crowd that gathered for the exhibit was
indicative of the growing interest in high fashion.

But what the Costume institute provides is much » ,
more than high fashion: it is fashion as a form of '
art. Saint Laurent is able to glide smoothly from ‘
ready-to-wear to. evening ensembles :to theater ‘. A '
costumes and on to Whimsical ethnic pieces. His .
use of color. his keen sense of proportion. the deft
manner in which he combines incongruous fabrics.
and his ability to produce timeless designs are

 

 

 

Evening dress of pale green silk shantunu in a "coat dress" style. From a collection
for Christian Dior: Spring/ Summer 1960. Photo by Nicholas Vreeland.

. .
blazers and military jackets. making them a part of

The question that arises is. why Saint Laurent?
our everyday wardrobes.

This is the first time that the Costume institute
has featured a living designer. And as Druesdow

 

 

 

Exploring two ethnic themes.

Above: Four "African Dresses m

, «do
of llafﬂa. wood beads, silk, with so-
quins. plastic motifs and jet. From

tlhge67Spring/Summer collection for

Right: Six "Russian" Dressea, made
of silk. velvet. with metallics and fur.

F
‘337'2.7ll;-e Fall/Winter collection [or

Both photos by Duane Michals.

All center/old and cover photos print (MI/lift

permission from the Metro (I " I
A“ p ) itan My  0/

 

 

 
   
  
 
  
  
 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

explains! njt was time for a contemporary show. Cl Cl till undeniable Indicators of his genius. ' r 
Other exhibitions have included garments that date There are. however. those who don t agree. An .,
up to the ’50's. so we didn't want to go backwards Saint Laurent was attracted to theater and its editor of an Albany student publication and his right . .
and repeat. Besides, Saint Laurent has been con- costume as a youngster. and this love is evident‘in hand man both blame Saint Laurent for the ugly
sistently outstanding and for 25 years has been on his designs. His theater outfits were adorned with polyester navy suits that they wore at their Bar—1-
top of the profession." such exotic feathers as bird of paradise and ostrich.‘ Mitzvahs. 1;,
These feathers were further enhanced by sequins - 3
Saint Laurent’s ‘overnight success' story is by and paillettes.  ;
now a legend in the world 'of fashion. Saint Laurent explored various other themes and i.
Saint Laurent was born in Algeria in 1936. By many were represented at the show. There were
the age of seventeen. his sketch of a cocktail dress the African dresses from '67 which drew laughter
had won a design competition. At nineteen. he from the crowds. People were responding to one
went to study in Paris where an editor of French outfit in particular. gasping "Mira! and "Look.
Vogue was struck by his drawingsThe editor noted look" as they viewed a long dress that was
their similarities to the ‘A-line' designs that Christian decorated with two appliqued cone shapes that
Dior was wofking with at that time. The editor in- were attached at breast level.
troduced Saint Laurent to Dior. who hired Saint . After much elbowing. the initial shock of the
Laurent as an assistant immediately. From there. African cone dress wore off. allowing the people to
Saint 'Laurent went on to popularize pea coats. react with more sophistication to the black silk crepe ..
' georgette dress that was near by. it featured a
Claude Lalanne body sculpture of a woman's chest ‘
in golden-galvanized copper.
More ethnic treats lie ahead in the red room. This
was by far the most crowded area. as it featured
some artist influenced pieces as well as six Russian '

 

dresses and Chinese evening ensembles.

The Russian evening dresses are from Saint
Laureni's Fall/Winter collections for '76 and '77.
and are truly timeless. They are made of moire
velvet. satin. silk. metallics. furs and chiffon. and all
are quite powerful. The general consensus was that
one would need “broad shoulders to wear that."

At the immediate left of the Russian dresses were
the Chinese evening ensembles. featured on both
red and gold mannequins. Some of these com-
promised the dozen or so pants outfits included in
the exhibit. The pants are tucked into boots with
flared fur trimmed tops. while the skirts are long
and tapered. Here. Saint Laurent shows off his flair
for blending asimilar materials. combining silk cire.
black mink. velvet and gold damask.

Scattered throughout the different rooms are
some of Saint Laurent's most famous works —— the
artist‘influenced pieces. Besides the aioremention- ,The exhibit will be at the Metropolitan
ed ‘Picasso' evening cape. there is a beautiful gown Museum of Art until September 2, 1984.
inspired by Velasquez called ‘Costume for a Bride'. Photo by Géil Merrell.

 

 

,.

 

 

 

 

 

