 

 

A, p. teaser:ch
ru- 3"..."7'5” on... .‘ﬁawaur‘s -..

    

this semester. .

believe.

organization in Tuesday’s ASP.
Hell. that’s my job. '

ed prerogative. But. . .

known.

 

Alwvwrwwew-nw .

SUNY Albany’s campus concert board, UCB, has been doing a really good job

It doesn’t hurt me to write this at all, contrary to what some people seem to

I should point out at the very beginning of this column that. I feel rather
~sheepish that Doug Kahan felt that he had to write a column in defense of his

Appar’entlyhsince Aspects was so stridently' vocal In It's criticism of the choice
of Billy idol for December’s major feature (a criticism I firmly believe was war-
ranted). the belief that UCB has absolutely no supporters up here at Aspects has
arisen; due Inpart to ill-feeling over the idol preview, and In part to my own
decision not to pre-or-review any of UCB‘s r'ninor features (such as the recent
Bootleg Beatles concert) because of their own publication. Rock News. a four
page, fold-over pamphlet which was a direct result of Aspects’ decision to pan
Billy ldol. If they can't get glowing previews. they’ll make their own. right?

Now. In spite of Rock News, it seems to me that perhaps Aspects has been a
little more vocal with it’s criticisms of UCB than It has with it’s compliments.
which is unfortunate. Not to say that we will consistently give glowing reviews to
every UCB feature. because in a magazine such as this. the right to be critical.
and even overly crlttcaliwhich is what UCB accused us of being). is an establish-

But there has been a lot of interesting and well-planned UCB activity this
semester. activity.llke the Pat Metheny concert. the Blotto In the Ballroom con-
cert. and the upcoming Ramones concert. to name just a few of the more well-

There have also been several very Interesting rumours ﬂoating about the cam-

pus center about just who mlght be signed to play at .Mayfest this year.
So maybe Aspects owes UCB a small apology. if only for lack of attention.

But i never apologize. See you in Rock News. 2

Leaf: Below This Line For Deep ﬁrmbolismi

      

 

 

 

Ramones, and Ugly Guys

 

35

on the next page.

Look for yourself. 1 mean, seriously, it is right

 

centerfold

 

tunity to.

 

America is the land of opportunity. but not for
everyone. Gregg Stevens relates his ex-
periences in a Yugoslavian youth hostel,
where he met a tired Sri-Lankan called Jig-Jig
who desperately wanted to reach the “land of
opportunity". . .but will never get the oppor-

 

6a

 

Perspectives :

area .

Aspects presents appair of
poems by Mary Beth Aniano, and previews a
palr'of concerts this weekend In the Albany

 

 

7a

Farces and Faces

'guys, in the first of a series.

 

: lan Spelling investigates
the farcial comedy of Police Academy, a new
film just opening In the Albany area, and Jim
Lally investigates the facial tragedy of ugly

 

 

 

 

33
3
C
Ln

» j Wills

fit if. FORD

 

 

nits is 1051' Mini: may bib 1 lian
10 co nun or n "o"lii~us on Tilt?
612w martian ? I Illb To Mar 1»!
course an» W 1 DON'T PICK up townie?
1 mm I an» (is: until/m 1W:
HAY scorers!

    
  
 

 

F//

 

.ttsv tiMMlEik/lltlfSEEMS To 0: rue-
ﬂbemt? you wait uttisoriraiie mo
You ﬂlEY 8WD Damn/C BER.

#5 nominate-eon
Hm

nuwnm \

     

 

   
 
 
  

"it

 

 
 

 

Isaac um tier tilts its rival
for! moms ﬂurovir
W N I DID-

       
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

ACROSS
1 Brown kiwi
4 Tense
8 Vast throng
12 Sea eagle
13 River islands
14 Poker stake
15 Kind oi
firecracker
17 Everyone'
19 Conjunction
20 Strike
21 Worthless
leaving
22 Obstruct
23 Pronoun
25 Harvest
goddess
26 River in Italy
27 Male sheep
28 Exist l
29 Ventilated
32 Three-teed
sloth
33 Trapping
35 Negative
36 Beg

'38 Perform

39 Paid notices

40 Symbol for
silver

41 Suffix:
follower of

42 Church part

43 River island

45 Peer Gynt's
mother

46 High
mountain

47 Behotdi

48 In music. high

' 49 Spirited

horses

Crassword 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

52 Play leading 9 Preposition middle
role 10 Portico 34 Frozen water
54 Unaspirated 11 Fixed period 37 Dine
56 Exist oi time 39 Come on the
57 Kiln 16 Goal scene
58 Verve 18 Army officer: 41 Fiber plant
59 Grain abbr. 42 Beverage
DOWN 21 Manage 43 In addition
1 Corded cloth 22 Click beetle 44 Greek letter
2 Native metal 23 Snare 45 Manls
3 National   nickname
song 25 Anglo-Saxon 46 Solar disk
4 Fruitcake money 48 Skin
5 SUCCOf‘ ' 26 Hog 49 Nahoor
6 Guido’s low 28 Conjunction Sheep
note 29 Emmet 5o Arid
7 Former RUS-  Goals  Diocese
Slan fillers 31 portion 0' 53 Conjunction
8 Nian's medicine 55 Spanish
nickname 33 Sink in article
i 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ii
12 13 14
15 1 19
27
"ST —"
"5'8"
47
'5!"—
57 '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

' miniseries.Asia}:I

 Podiating In Sp

kay. ['11 admit It. I don't miss lhl.

weather In Albany. the food of

U.A.S.. the library. the classes or the
lines. but on warm. sunny afternoons like this
-one. when i have nothing too particularly
pressing to attend to. my heart and mind drift
back to Albany - not to the Long Branch or
Pop's Pizza. but to the Podium. Since lstarted
school at Albany. podiating has become
something] take for granted, Then. seemingly
all of a sudden. i found myself In a big city In a
foreign country fora whole semester. and i
had to find a substitute. '

 

Karen Pimzzi

 

Don't get 'me wrong. I'm not missing HAP
Day and Mayfest for nothing. but I still need
my own place to podiate. l found that Madrid.
like all old European cities. is full of parks and
squares. or "plums". Hanging out in any of
them is a little like podiating; just bring along
some books. With no intention of opening
them. start watching people. and you're all
set. But We found a couple of places that
stand out for podiatiirg purposes. each bearing
it's own resemblance to our own beloved
podium.

The Plaza del Colon has the concrete.
although it's not arranged in such a charming-
ly symetrical manner. but then. Rockefeller
had nothing to do with it's construction. The
plaza is a square. about the size of a city block.
complete with grass and concrete. benches. At
one end it boasts several mountainous con-
crete squares. with a pool of water In front.
forming a monument to Christopher Colom-
bus (or Colon) of whom the Spanish are ex
ceedingly proud. Here we have the concrete
and water requirements fullfilled. although the
only fountains that actually shoot up Into the
air are across the street. There are all sorts of
people to watch. from beggars to well dressed
families. The parks are a favorite spot for
blossoming young love. which at first seems
strange. It's surprising that in a comparatively
conservative country. such ardent public
displays of affection should be so common
(much more so than In the US). But it seems
that in Spain people tend to live with their

. 22:5: ..

 

 
 

a

t 2 at? . . . ,
parents until they're married. and since Its not
accepted to bring boy/girlfriends home
they're forced to take it to the streets. The
poor things have no place else to go.
Sometimes, though. 1 have to go some place
else. cause all the cuteness makes me sick On
the weekends there are lots of children. runn-
lrtg all around Colon, They'rc well dressed
and perfectly adorable. . for a while But
sometimes you're just not in the mood for
children. it's particularly annoying to hear the
little brats spouting off Spanish when I'm 21
years old and i can't even do it!

So for a change of pace - the park Reliro
park. to be exact. it's absolutely huge. and full
of gardens and statues. pools and bridges. it
used to bathe royal gardens, There's a lake
where people can rent row boats. Overlooking
that lake is a big monument. with huge steps
leading down to the water. We're talking
prime podiatlng ground. And if you're Ioner
for Americans. have no fear. They can be
spotted wearing their Nikes and writing blue

ﬁ‘.

, _._,.ﬂnl

 .

 

 

  

 

airgranrs to the folks back home. everywhere
you turn, English ls spoken here as much as
Spanish. (No matter how we try. Americans
tend to stick out liktI Stars and Stripes forever )
But even With all those American college
students hanging out. it's most refreshing not
to see tr Single book on it sinqu lap that has
anything to do at all With accounting.

The constant presence of grirtrdtr (‘itlll and at
times polirla nur'ioilol with machine guns.
tends to dampen the sptrit which leads the
average podinicr to jump into the water. i'w
witnessed litany threatened throw-Ins. but
never have I seen one completed. But i. for
one. don't intend to leave without at least oln.l
fountain frolic to make me feel at home.

Of course. the Roseanan isn't here. but old
gypsy women fill his shoes just fine. selling all
types of flowers with a much more persistant
flair. A whole slew of street vendors are fine
substitutes for the ones left behind on the
podium. You can even bargain with the ones
here. although l'll always miss the 3 for $5.00

 

  
 
        

earring nlan

in Spanish parks lrlsbuu ls unheard of. and
nacky sack hasn't reached the Penninsula. i
guess Spaniards don‘t feel the need to justify
their illactiwty wrth psetidr.-~nctivtty. They are
unabashedly lazy. tlliil content to just srt. talk
or maybe lL'tttl it |i\.'\\'5|.itt])t.‘t. looking up occa~
sir/rrnlly to comment on the female popula-
lion. (The “old country" is in dire need of
some lt’liillllbl lillltlt'lit't'l

As for liquid rufrushinullt. Spalniards scam
to drink morning. noon and night. but they
tend to mnfimI ii to the bars and coins that
abound here, in as-nlut'll. you don't see pen»
plu hanging out. drinking pitchers around
Plaza dcl Colon. as at U. of A.. but never you
mind there (“U plenty of outdoor cafes. where
you can get a glass of wine or beer all day
long. and which provide a very pleasant
substitute form of podiation. All In‘all it makes
a most unproductive way to spend a few
hours. But anti-productivity. no matter where.
.5 the whole point of podiating. si?‘ :l

Garner Is All Tanked Up With N 0 Place To Go

ergeant Major Zack Carey and his

family have arrived at Fort Clemmons.

the career soldier's newest. and
hopefully last. post. As most families do. the
Carey's have taken all of their possessions with
them. including Zack's baby. a fully recondi-
tioned and operational World War ll Sherman
tank.

Ian Spelling

Why would anyone want to possess his own
Sherman tank. you might ask. The answer.
according to Zack. is simple; "it's hard to
shoot yourself when you are cleaning it."

So begins Tank, a comedy-drama—
adventure which is a perfect vehicle for its two
stars. James Garner and a tank. Also included
In the cast are Jenilee Harrison as a prostitute.
named Sara. GD. Spradlin as the nasty
Sheriff Buelton. Shirley Jones as Zack's wife
LaDcnna. and C. Thomas Howell as Zack's
son Billy. Together they embark on one of the
most unintentionally bizarre races ever run in
the United States.

That the chase ever takes place and looks as
real as it does is a tribute to James Garner. He
plays the 52-year-old Zack with appropriate
flesty comedic touches. and a flare for the
dramatic. Zack loves his family, his job (to a
lesser degree). and yearns to be a good and
honorable person.

it is his desire for peace and quiet that
causes him trouble. After going to an officer's
club disco. a dejected and disappointed Zack
takes off for a "real" bar. a joint which suits his
place in time as "an old fart."

Zack‘. jumps Into his station wagon and
drives to a bar In neighboring Clemmonsvllle.
where he can put away a few cold brews un-
molested. After several moments of small talk.
Zack begins to warble (an awful song sung
awfully) to Sara. Va seventeen-year-old prov
stltute. He has no interest In her. hejust needs
someone to talk to. However. Zack's singing

 

 

 

interrupts Deputy Sheriff Baker's game of pool
and he takes offense. He can't stand the fact
that Zack Is only chatting with the girl when
she could be turning tricks. He slaps the girl
several times and when he persists. Zack final-
ly decides to butt in forcefully, He beats the
feathers out of the Deputy;a mistake he will
soon regret. it weems Baker and his boss. the
Sheriff. are also pimps.

The next morning. Sheriff Cyrus Bulton.
the man who wields all the power in the small
town. views the battered face of his deputy
and demands an explanation. Declaring that
any mark on one of his men is a blelnish on
himself. the sheriff wants to put Zack behind
bars. I

When the sheriff shows up at the army base
to arrest Zack. however. he is told In no uncer~
taln terms that he can‘t. in fact. he is threaten-
ed with a boycott of his town. it will be off-
llmits to all soldiers — no use of stores. bars. or
whorehouses,

Having lost the battle. but not the war. the
sheriff turns his attention to Zack’s son. who is
arrested for dealing marijuana after an im-
promptu search of his locker In school reveals
a large quantity of the drug. The fact that the

I boy's lock had been replaced is totally irrele-

nt.

Faced with the possibility of his son sparr-
ding three years in jail. and unable to hire a
lawyer because the sheriff's brother is the
judge. Zack takes what he sees as the only
way out: and the next morning. a just-
awakened Deputy Baker pulls open the doors
only to look straight down the barrel of a tank.

'va

With a smirk on his face. Zack sneers. "I do

believe We got you covered."

When he learns that his son is no longer be»
lng held in the jail. an angry Zack proceeds to
blow up a police car and run the tank through
the jailhouse. He then wheels down to the
"farm." where his son ts quickly saved.

it is here that the actual pursuit begins.

 

When Billy questions his father's motives. he is
quickly reprimanded — "We're not running
away from the law. we're running towards it."
So it's off to the Tennesee border where they
stand a chance for a fair trial and some justice.
The incredible chase that encompasses the
final third of the film is similar to the comedy
and action of Smokey and the Bandit and/or
The Cannonball Run. Unlike these others.
almost everything In Tank. save for the en-
ding. seetns plausible. At times Tank is a trifle
corny. but never at the expense of quality.
Tank really belongs to Garner. it's his pic-
ture from beginning to end and he is wonder-
ful in the lead. During the emotional scenes he

helps to keep depressing dialogue from
becoming maudlin. James probably will not
garner an Oscar for the portrayal. but the
potential box-office gross of a rousing crowd
pleaser such as 'l'ank certainly will aid In the
recovery from any post-Oscar blues.

Almost all of the other lead performances
are on par with Garner's. You'll absolutely
despise Spradlln's sheriff because he is so
good. Jenilce Harrison. minus the make-up
and the tight clothes the fans of Three’s Conr-
pany were used to. plays the reluctant hooker
perfectly. She's sweet but tough. C. Thomas
Howell plays Billy just right; wide eyed in~
noncence countered by harsh realities. L"

 

. Are Interested In
Writing For Aspects.
Call John or Steve
at 457-3322

 

Aspects Wants writers!

  
 

 

