 

 

    

.._-.—..._. gm.-mm._‘-b.vv» «. ..

.m~,_.,._. .. ..

  

B“ * " etVi’ctOry?

uition,should not be going up next year, and

financial aid will be.
t ' What have We' one to deserve this miraculous

 

budgetary mira‘cle?.Plenty.

Last year. to fight Cuomo's budget hikes and service
cuts. student leaders organized a massive lobby day
doWn at' the legislature. it was an impressive. even in-
spiring-display of student unity and power. By the
thousands We poured into. the LOB, storming into
lawmakers’ offices; demanding justice and shouting
"Fight. the hike!" This stunt left us saddled with a tui-
tion and dorm room hike totalling $450 for this year.

An editorial in last year's Albany Student Press
praised the turnout but criticized organizers for
unleashing throngs of uninformed students into’ the of-
fices of responsible legislators. We suggested that a
more professional lobbying effort would yield us more
respect and success. . t ' .

‘To prepare for this year’s budget battles, student
leaders f rom‘ SA. NYPl RC and SASU adopted this ap-
proach; Instead of rounding up students for a one-shot
cxtrava anza. they have been organizing and

COLUMN .

 

? 5.,

cultivating a more sophistica.ed and effective core
group of lobbyists.

Since January, trained student lobbyists have been
meeting several times a week with many state
.Iawmakers. They have proven themselves more per-
suasive in their professionalism than the sheer force of
last year's mob. On this intimate level they have been
able to intelligently discuss the issues and present the
student view. .

And they seem to have won this year’s budget battle.

But the war is still waging.

From behind our apparent victory a few political
realities shine through. ‘

This is an election year‘ for many legislators. Their
acquiescence to our views must be seen in part as com-
ponents of their bids for reelection. How agreeable
will they be to our arguments next year when, safe and
secure in their reelected seats, Cuomo unveils his
newest cost increases and service cuts for SUNYA?

And sure as the sun is rising over the podium this
morning. so too will our tuition climb skyward in
Cuomo's next bud et.

After promising “low-cost. high-quality
education." Governor Cuomo has consisitenly attack.
ed both these aspects of the SUNY system. His origina|
plan last year called for a $250 tuition increase every
year for four years. He explained that students [00
must bear some of the burden of running lite slaw ‘
for example. by swallowing the Widespread faculty and
staff cuts he had planned.

The organizing and training on which this apparent
budget victory was achieved must not be allowed to
fade. The same kind of effort, like the one made by
Student Action Chair Steve Gawley, will be needed in
tremendous proportions to register SUNYA students
and get them out to vote in November. We must prove
that the student vote, and student issues. will count in
the ballot box. ‘ I

And our presence must not be forgotton in the halls
of the Legislative Office Building. Issues such as the 21
year-old drinking age, taxation and the environment
will be plenty to keep the lobbying effort going until
the big budget battles next year.

This latest round- of student activism has planted a
seed on campus and at the capitol. If SA. NYPIRG
and SASU can nurture this seed. the awareness and in.
fluence of students in g0vernment c0uld blossom into
many victories such as this one.

 

You are entitled to know

Excerpts from the preamble of the
SA Constitution:

. . .to promote a clear and continuing ex-
change of ideas among individuals and
groups of the University Community. . .

. . .to provide for student expression of
moral, political, and social concerns. . .

. . .to assume the fullest degree of respon-
sibility and power of self-government. . .

. . .The intent of the form of government
herein established is to provide an organiza-
tion representative of and responsible to the
students. . .

The paragraph you have just read is the Preamble to the
Student Association's Constitution here at the State Univer-
sity of New York at Albany. it clearly calls for an organiza-
tion responsive to student rights and student needs — an
organization as diverse as the student body here at SUNYA
-— an organization representative of ALL students. You. the
taxpaying students are paying $92 a year to finance the fund-
ed groups on campus. but also your tax dollars pay the
stipends ofa group of individuals who have infected SA with

immature political exlusivism.

[Burl Cole

Throughout the year, I have become increasingly aware of
the realities of an “inner political faction" of the Student
Association. and some four months after my election to Cen-
tral Council. lam writing to let you. the taxpziying students.
know‘that this situation within the SA should be actively
questioned. for you are not getting those things the above
written Preamble guarantees. l atn alerting you as a strident
resprcscntative frustrated and angered at the current state of
afﬁars within the Executive Branch of SA. and you are entitl-
ed to know.

At this point. I must stress the fact that there are those stu-
dent leaders within SA who are honestly committed to doing
a good job. These representatives have remained opens
minded and objective. They are the few student rcprcscn- ‘
tatives who act according to conscience rather than political
afﬁliation or aspiration. I respect and admire these students
for the perseverence they've demonstrated despite insur-
mountable polltical game playing in both the Executive and
Legislative Branches. Representatives like these are few and
far between. The rest have. in one way or another sold out in
allowing themselves to be manipulated into believing that
sides must be taken. that the party system must exist and that
SA, as it stands right now is acceptable. The ideals of the Stu-
dent Association are healthy and positive ideals; whereas, the
realities are certainly not the same.

The Executive Branch of SA includes the President. Vice-
President. Off'Campus Coordinator. and Student Program-

. ming Director (amongst other positions). These executive

members have often served their constitutcnts admirably.
ﬁghting for student rightsl planning campus wide events. and
budgeting student tax dollars. These student leaders are
bright, talented and energetic representatives: however. quite
often these members have managed their time and energies

_.M.~4W..NW m-

inttppropriatcly. l have been witness to an executive branch
clique which has sought to divide and alienate fellow
workers. I question the maturity and dedication of a Presi-
dent and Vice-President who’ve virtually closed all doors of
conttttttnicttlion between them — political war games of
sorts. which include active recruitment of allies at every level
within the organization. Their time would certainly be better
spent working toward ttnity and affiliation within their own
brunch. i find it difficult to believe that the President and
Vice-President actively supported each other dttring election
time last April. Perhaps it is titnc for the student body to
question their motives. Who are your elected representatives
this year? Anti who are the presidential appointments this
year? While some Executive Branch members. inclttding the
Media Director and Controller, seem highly qualified and
above such petty games. it is fair to inform my fellow
students that currently the Executive Branch is stacked with
the close personal or political friends of the President, in~l
eluding his former campaign manager (presently serving as
Student Programming Director) and a close personal friend
(nowserving as the Off-Campus Coordinator). Althouglt
your Student Association President promised an “open door
policy" to the entire student population during last April’s
election. the above listed Executive Branch members are all
too quick to shun and close out those students who may have
been the "opposition“during campaign time last year. citing
a lack of “trust” as their main reason for excluding their
adversaircs. Perhaps a much more constructive idea would
have been to put these student leaders right back to work
through appointments or special committee delegations
rather than alienating those who seem so willing and desirous
of an opportunity to serve fellow students. Ncpotism runs
rampant and demoralizes otherwise unknowing students who
come to the Student Association seeking employment only to
tail victim to favoritism extended to those the Vice-President
(the executive tncntber in charge of hiring for the office) may
know well or owe a debt to. The current SA Vice-President

openly admits to never having conducted ol'l'icitti iltlcl\ie\\s
for certain secretaries currently employed by the SA. Att‘
you. the student body willing to stand by and allow this to go
on? Do you think this method of hiring employees is luit illlti
equitable? Central Council will hopefully soon puss legiskt~
tion to remedy unfair interview practices for all appoint»
tnents or job openings; however, you must t|l|L'\|ttlll litt‘
authority which has allowed this to take place. it h mint-n
that we. as Student Association mcntbcrs are all not kiln.I lot
the good of the student body on this catttpus, although I
think certain members have forgotten this tililill ohicctitr.
ttot to mention their campaign promises.

The problems which have affected SA's inner \‘ttlhlllltll
have also left Central Council (the Legislative lttnnch oi S.-\t
riddled with similar political divisiveness. lt \toultl he it~
responsible for this Council mctnber to neglect i.L'_L'isiitlltt'
Branch problems; however. the primary focus of this column
mttst address the unique situation within the l:\t:ctllitt'
Branch Ihis year which has only served to muyltiply the in-
herent conflicts which student leaders face year nttct )L‘ilt.

There will be some (in fact. many) who feel this column it
personal attack; however, the frustration and anger i feel III
my own lack of constructiveness stems front current intthililt

(as a Council member) to prevent the continuation oi thew
problems facing SA. l have tried, relentlessly. to \mtl
toward changing this situation. but ant unable to tttttit'
others listen, for although many agree with what I htttt‘
spoken of. most seem unable or unwilling to speak out. 1 ill"
asking you. the student body here at SUNYA to listen illlti
then speak out yourselves. You are not aware of ttntnt‘ 0"

these problems by virtue of the fact that your sllﬂls‘l”
nchpapcr secs SA from the "outside." Tltcrc should he "0
“outside” or “inside” within a student government tltttl tru-
ly works for students. You need to question what takes ttltlt't'
in SA each day — investigate for yourselves. speak to WI”
represet. .ttivcs. Get involved!

 

 

 

I
/

I, ’5

[I’ll/M!

Z/

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

