 

 

 

 

 

 

 

=t

 

Worldwide,
Flghtlng decreased I

Beirut, Lebanon
(AP)Police said Thursday that Beirut had its
most peaceful night In seven months, with
only three people injured in scattered
ﬁghting. as rivnl militias appeared to be
honoring to a cease-ﬁre.

The casualties occurred as Christian and
Moslem militiamen traded occasional volleys
of rocket-propelled grenades and gunﬁre
across the “green line" between Beirut’s
Moslem west and Christian east. Police said
it was the lowest overnight casualty ﬁgure
since last summer.

Fighting has signiﬁcantly decreased it
Beirut since President Amin Gemayel on
Monday acceded to Syrian and rebel
demands and scrapped the troop withdrawal
accord signed by Lebanon and Israel last
May 17.

Two Beirut newspapers claimed Thursday
that Israel plans a surprise pullback of its
troops in southern Lebanon in order to
sabotage reconciliation talks involving fac-
tional leaders of Lebanon's civil war.

Student takeover ends -

_ Mietno, Poland
(AP)Morc than 400 teen‘age students ended
their takeover of an agricultural school under
threat ofa police assault and gathered Thurs-
day in a nearby churclt. a local priest said.
The students, who had been angered by the
removal of Christian crosses from their
school. left the building late Wednesday
night when authorities threatened an assault
by the feared “Zomo” motorized riot police.
said the, priest. who declined to be identified.
He did not say how many of the police had
been concentrated near the school. but a con-
voy of three police trucks and three jeeps was
seen approaching the village Wednesday
night.

French workers strike

Paris. France
(AP)Thousands of public employees across
France went on a one-day strike Thursday to
protest wage policies. disrupting transporta.
tion and forcing schools and government of
ﬁces to close. .

In the face of the stringent austerity pro-
gram the Socialist government has imposed.
the strikers are protesting delays ir
negotiating salary increases and a decline in
puchasing power because wage increases last
year did not keep pace with inﬂation.

Nationwide

School prayer debated

lVashiItg/alt. D. C.
(AP)Public school classrooms might ltavc to
be divided into “praying” and “non-
praying" sections under a proposec

 

 

 

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

V  2,4;MNKSTUDENTPRESSEI Enron. MARCHMIW ‘

Newsstanst .

modification to a school-prayer constitu-
tional amendment being debated in the
Senate.

Senateieaders now say a test vote on a pro-
posed constitutional amendement to permit
organized prayer in public schools may not
come until next week. Opponents, led by
Sen. Lowell Welcker. R-Conn.. have vowed
to delay a ﬁnal vote on the issue until early
June.

Backers of the prayer amendment have
already revised the proposal once — spelling
out that prayer in school could be either
silent or spoken and specifying that the
government could neither write the prayer
that would be said nor force school district.-
to have a prayer period.

Vermont buys power

Montpelier. VT
(AP)Vermont has reached agreement. to pur-
chase Canadian power to flow into nor-
thwestern Vermont over the next 10 years.
Gov. Richard Snelling announced Thursday.
The power will be used in the short-term to .
replace electricity purchased from the Ver-
mont Yankee nuclear power plant. which will
be idled for eight months starting‘late next
year, said Snelling. He said the power will be
flowing into the state for at least a decade
and will thus have some long-term beneﬁts as

 

 

well.

The special power pact with Quebec had
been hammered out over months of negotia-
tion following the announcement that Ver-
mont Yankee will be shutting down for eigtht
months beginning in the- fall of 1985. Ver-
mont Yankee, which generates 540
megawatts of power, is a major source of
electricity for Vermont.

Reagan seeks aid

Washington. D. C.
(AP)The Reagan administration. claiming El
Salvado'r’s army and CIA-backed
Nicaraguan rebels need immediate resupply,
is seeking to overcome stiff Democratic op-
)osition by tying that new military aid to
unrelated emergency money bills. govern-
ment sources say.

The administration’s new gambit caught
Democrats and Republicans off-guarr'
Wednesday and drew criticism from both
sides as a move likely to deepen already bitter
congressional debate over President Reagan‘s
Central American policy.

But White House spokesman Larry
Speakes said today the administration had
explored various options for getting im-
mediate military aid to Salvadoran govern-
ment forces and had decided to seek congres-
sional accord for an emergency infusion of
funds.

ED MARUSSICH UPS

 

 

  

Statewide

Dr. Spock to testify

=3

 

 

White Plains
(AP)The Rev. Daniel Berrigan and Dr. Ben-
jamin Spock, elder statesmen of the 19605
anti-war movement. will testify at the Brink‘s
robbery-murder trial on behalf of defendant
Kathy Boudin. who represented the move-
ment’s most radical faction.

Boudin, a former Weather Underground
fugitive charged with robbery and ntttrdcr ill
the SL6 million armored car heist. will sum-
mon both men as character or expert
witnesses. it was revealed during jury selec-
tion Wednesday.

It was the ﬁrst sign of the possibility lhttt
political beliefs might become a factor in the
trial. Unlike the previous Brink’s trial of
three self-styled revolutionaries. Miss
Boudin's defense effort. led by attorney
Leonard Weinglass. seems to be rooted in in-
tricate legal cases and statutes that could
mitigate her criminal liability for the crime.

Westway funds OK’d

New York City
(AP)Ncw York State can take a “gamble”
and put up money for Westway. a federal ap-
peals court has ruled in allowing some
preliminary work on the stalled highway pro-
ject.

The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
said Wednesday the state can spend its own
money, which "may or may not be wise."
and that it can seek federal funds.

The court said it overturned an order that
barred new work. which it said made “ncar|_\
certain" the highway would not be built
because of a 1990 deadline for federal
highway contracts.

The decision reversed an order isucd last
Oct. 31 by Judge Thomas P. Griesa. who l\
presiding over a lawsuit challenging construc-
tion of the proposed expressway on Manhat-
tan's West Side.

Drug abuse attacked

New York City
(AP)Pledging to pursue drug pushcrs
"forever." Mayor Edward Koch has an-
nounced an expanded anti-drug police cam-
paign in Harlem and a new task force to
chase narcotics dealers out of city—owned
storefronts.

But at a news conference Wednesday.
Kock warned that no city effort alone can
eradicate drugs, and called for more support
from the courts. the federal government and
the state.

The mayor faulted federal efforts to fight
heroin imports. slammed state services for
junkies. and called light penalties for pttsltct's
“conduct that's unbecoming of the courts."

The city will ﬁght hard drugs “forever. As
long as it takes." Koch said. “But \\'llillL‘\Cl
we do. it will not be enough."

. ‘.. ._- .:...:._..- ~.-..~.'.::.;..:t;:::ﬁ.:::::~.::

By Erlc Hlndln
STAFF It'll/TEN

Student Association president Rich Schaffer says he will
seek a second term in office. Several other student leaders
have also said they will seek election to SA posts for the
I984-85 school year.

In addition to Schaffer. those known to be running for the
office of president include Central Council member Dwayne
Sampson and Off Campus AssociationfOCA) Board of
Directors member Willie Jones.

Known to be seeking the vice presidential office are OCA
director Suzy Aulctta. and Central Council member Bill
King.

Absent from this years ballot is cttrrcnt SA vice-president
Jeff Schneider. who said he will not seek rc-elcction to any
executive or legislative ofﬁce of, SA.

Schafl'cr said he became convinced that another term
would be beneficial to SA. and the student body. after he did
some research on Mike Lampcrt. the lust SA president to
serve two consccutibvc terms. (l97l«73). "A second con-
secutive term would create continuity." said Scltaffcr,
“which in turn would help with programs and issues. and
make me that ntuch tnore of an effective leader." Scltaffcr
said ltc would rtot “place a halo" over his head. he maintain-
ed that his plusscs have outweighed his minuscs. while in of-
lice.

Schul'fcr's sentiments were ccltocd by some of the other
members of SA. “Rich usually puts in 7() hour work weeks”
said Rich Goltthow. SA‘s director of Student Programming.
“I regard itittt as an unselfish leader. who has done an ex-
cellent job." he added.

“SA is a great organization," dcclarcd Schneider. “I will
not seek rc-clcction. however. because I sincerely believe SA
will not be able to accomplish its goals until new people get
ittto office."

Calling SA members “power hungry." and “out to feed
their own egos." Schneider supportcd recent accusations by
former Central Council vice chair Barbara Hurwitz. that
personal politics prcvcttlcd SA from being a productive
organization.

 

schaffer to seek second t‘ermas  

to be part of the politics of SA."

"At SA." continued Schneider, “if you don't go with the
flow. you get ostracized. people go around you." The flow,
according to Schneider. is dictated by Schaffer. “Schaffcr
does not seem to value communication." said Schneider.
“except among himself and his friends. who he makes sure
are always there to support him." As examples. Schneider
points to Rich Golubow. SA's program director. who was
Schaf‘fer's campaign manger In last year's election. and Suzy
Auietta. the Off-Campus Association director whom
Schneider charges is Schaffcr's best friend. and Steve Sinatra
the budget committee chair whom is Schaffer's housemate.

Auletta will rttn for the vice-presidency for the upcoming
school year. Attletla who has served on student organizations
_sinee entering SUNYA said her experience and natural desire
to work with students make her an ideal candidate for thc
Vice-presidency. V

Though acknowledging that "things at SA are not the way
tltcy should be." Attlclta contended that the level of personal
politics at SA has scriOusly hampered productivity. Concern-
ing arty possible rift between Schneider and Schaffer. Attlelta
would offer “no comment."

lIl regard to her decision to rttn for the vice-presidency in-
stead of the presidency, Auletta said “I'm not going to run
ttgainsl Rich. we have a good relationship. we work well
together." She added. “I would definitely run for president
tf Ite wasn‘t."

Sampson. who is also it mctnbcr of tile Studcttt Assocai-
tion of tire State University (SASU) board of directors, attd
the Vice President of NAACP will run for the office ofprcsi-
dent. in the upcoming clcclions. Sampson said ltc feels that
SA should he ntorc aggressive in meeting the needs of
students.

Jones will also make a bid for SA president. Jones. who is
also editor of the OCA newsletter. Downtown. said he
hopes. if elected. to increase student participation in SA.
Jones said he also hopes to divert some of SA's members cf-
t‘orts away from personal politics. and towards serving the
student population. .

King. currently a Central Council metnber, said he could

..commonsenseeasement/arrears. 3

 

 

 

 

SA Prestdent Rich Seheffer

He will run on his record.

Specifically. King maintained that “channels of communica-
tron between students and SA officials could be improved.
along with those between individual members of SA." King

described the organization of SA as "chaotic" and asserted

that as vice president he could do much to improve this situa-
tion. King predicted that the upcoming race for the Vice

Free listings

A Physics Colloqtum will be held
Frlday, March 9. at 3 p.m.. In the
Phyelca Bullding, room 129. G.F.
Newmark of the Phlllps Lab will
speak on “lnteretltlal Alkali
Donors In ZnSe—Evldenco for
and Problems of".

A Business Colloqula will be
held Monday. March 12. at 4 pm.
In the Campus Center Assembly
Hall. AI Mlchaud of Conrall will
speak on "The New Railroad In-
duetry".

A Statlsflce Colloqull will be
held Monday, March 12. at 3:45
pm. In the Earth Science
Bulldlng, room 140. David Oakea

 

of the Unlverslty of Rochester
Ill speak on "Analysts of
Ivarlate Survival Data."
“Sexual Revolutions: Past and
Present" wlll be the toplc of a
presentation Tuesday. March 13.
at 12:10 pm. at the New York
State Orlentntlon Theatre.
“The Three Sisters" by Anton
Chekhov will be presented
March 9 and 10 at the Perform~
lng Arts Center Lab Theatre.
Tickets will be 55.00 genelal.
$3.50 students and senior
cltlzens. and $3.00 faculty and
staff.
Nadir. an arts magazlne. will be
aeceptlng contributions untll
March 15. Poets. artlats. writers
and photographers should leave

thelr work at the photolab In the
Fine Arts Building. the Nadir
mallbox In the SA offlca. the
Engllah Department Mallroom.
or the Humanltles Lounge. (Hu

A Bagel Sale wlll be held March
13 and 14 In the Campus Center.
It will be sponsored by The
Albany Rev/aw.

The Class of 1934 Class Councll
wlll meet Sunday. March 11 at 5
pm. In the Physics Bulldan flrat
floor lounge. All are welcome to
attend.

The Clan of 1087 Class Councll
wlll meet Sunday. March 11. at 5
pm. In the Campus Center
Flreelde Lounge. All are
welcome to attend.

“On The Contrary: Literature by
Men and Women" will be the
toplc of a slx-sesslon series
beglnnlng Tuesday. March 13.
The series wlll be sponsored by
the Capital Distrlct Humanities
Program. For more Information.
contact CDHP at 457-3907.

The Class of 1936 Class Council
will meet Sunday. March 11. at
7:30 pm. In the Campus Center
Flreslde Lounge. All are Invited
to attend.

"Reorganization of the Coun
System In New York State" wlll
be the topto of a lecture on Tues-
day. March 148. at 10 am. at the
Albany Public Library. The ChaIr-
man of the Senate Judlclary
Committee H.Douglae Barclay

will speak.

A Concert of Chamber muslc will
be presented Frlday, March 9. at
the Performth Arts Center
Recital Hall. at a pm. Tlckets
will be $4.00 general. and $2.00
for students and senlot clllzens.
"Unlearnlng Judaism: clearing
up mlsconceptlons about Jews
and Jewishnesa" Is the toplc ot
a series of lectures to be
presented every Tuesday at 4
pm. In the Campus Center. room
373. -

A Bus Trip’ to New York City's
Metropolitan Museum of Art wlll
be held Saturday. March 31.
Anyone Interested should con-
tact Professor Reedy In Soclal

 

 

Sclences room 341. -

 

 

 

Hurwitz resigned on February 27. saying “I no longer wish

make many improvements at SA. if elected vice president.

Presidency would be closely contested. l"l

Student groups continuing efforts against hike

By Aileen Brown
sm/r warren .1. -. ..r
Student groups such as the Stttdcnt
Association of the State University (SASU).
the New York Public Interest Research
Group (NYPIRG) and the Student Action
Committee of Central Council have banded
together to contintte the “Fight the Hike"
cantpaign aimed at Governor Mario
Cuomo's proposed budget.
“The philosophy behind this year‘s cam-

fects of alcohol on eoordlnatlon. as

cannot help a person become sober.

They also sald that ehewIng gum or

with Llsterlne.

 

  

paign is to organize students and try to see as
many legislators as possible." said Student
Action Committee chair Stcvc (lawley. “The
idea is to try and keep up a consistent effort
and to keep a large number of students in-
volved in the last weeks, when it really
counts." he explained. The Stttdcttt Action
Committee is also involved in briefing and
training students in effective lobbying tcchni-
ques. Gawley said.

Another organization actively involved in

 

ADAM 0f 5 ERG UPS

Students get the chance to see flrst-hand a police breath-a-Iyzer, and the ef-

seven volunteers consumed about slx to

eight drinks each In the State Quad Flagroom on Wednesday night.

Two University Police olflcers were on hand as Eastman Tower RA Cynthia
Briggs spoke about alcohol and how It affects the body. and how pollce judge If
someone Is drunk or has been drinking.

Alcohol. Briggs told the crowd of 20 students. ls absorbed three tlmes faster
than the body can release It. Cold showers. coffee. or rigorous exercise. she said.

If a suspect refuses to take an alcohol test, then their Ilcensa Is automatlcally
suspended. according to New York State law. the offlcers said.

gargtlng with mouthwash will not help fool

the machine. Officer Chllds registered a .04 on the breath-a-lyzer after rlnslng

Although a person Is not legally drunk untll they register a .10 on the machine
(10 percent alcohol content). several of the volunteers who reglstered about .04
said before the test that they didn't feel capable of driving.

—Jtm O'Sulllvan

 

 

 

he campaign against the tuition increases ls
SASU. Organization Director Stcvc Wagner
tsserted that. “the ttumber one purpose of
SASU is to keep tuition as low. as possible.
and to keep costs down."

Wagner also said that the combined cam-
paign with NYI’IRG and the Student Action
Committee has been progrcssing well. “The
campaign has been going very well. We have
spoken to a number of legislators. and we
have had students from all over the state
joining the lobbying efforts." he said.

Along with keeping the tttitiott costs low
and preventing the increase. the student
groups face the question of where tltc
resources needed to prevent the tuition in-
crease can be found. NYPIRG's SUNYA
Project Coordinator Paul Herrick said that
NYPIRG has dcvclopcd feasible alternatives
to tuition hikes.

“NYPIRG has written a report entitled
Where the Money Is. which dcmonstratcs l8
areas where revcnuc can be generated
without raising taxes.” Herrick said. “We
have been educating students in order to
allow them to use two of these proposals in
their lobbying efforts. It is always a key ques-
tion with legislators as to where the aditional
revenue will come from. This year. we have a
solution." he added.

Among the proposals. Herrick said.
NYPIRG is advocating to generate additional
revenue are two measures which would raise
money by closing tax loopholes. The first of
these. said Herrick, is a proposal which
would affect multi-nationai corporations
who have subsidiaries in New York State. but
channel their revenue into lower tax areas in
order to decrease taxes in areas such as New
York.

The proposal would look at the corpora-
tion in terms of payroll. investments such as
property. sales, and tax on the percentage of
business done in the state. he noted.
Therefore. said Herrick. corporations will no
longer be able to channel ntoney out of the
state and claim losses. they will he taxcd on
the percentage of business done in the state.
and tile total amounts of profits tnndc. be ad-
:lcd.

Uttder the cttrrcnt method. millions of tax
dollars are lost said Herrick. “With this plan.
the state could increase tax revenue by almost
$300 tnillion. That would tnore than ttdc-
qutttely cover the tnoncy that would be
generated by u tuition increase. which is only

about $42 million.”

The second proposal which NYPIRG is ad-
vocating would be for the state to join the
Mufti-State Tax Commission. The Tax Com-
mission. said Herrick, would help the state in
auditing large corporations. “The commis-
sion already exists in 22 states." said Herrick,
"and for every dollar they contribute to the
commission, they receive approximately $26
back in increased tax revenue." According to
Herrick. this would provide an inexpensive
tnd profitable way to improve auditing con-
ditions. and it cottld generate $l0 to $30
million for the state

The coalition has also indicated that the
trend for raising state university tuition and
cost seems to be a continuous one. “It ap-
pears that it will be a continuing struggle to
keep tuition costs at the state university
low." said Wagner. "There is probably little
doubt that the state of New York 'has a

“Gov. Cuomo
definitely seems to
favor private

college . ”
- ~Sreve Wagner

private college governor. Governor Cuonto
definitely seems to favor private colleges, and
favors making costs at public colleges
equivalent to those at private universities."
he added.

"It seems that there was a decision made in
New York State that students must expect to
pay for more of their education." said Her-
rick. "The state has been continuously trying
to decrease subsidies to SUNY in order to
force students to pay for more of their educa-
tion. The students have to show them that
this is not something that we can afford."
Herrick added that “there is a genuine need
itt this state to provide more money for
publiceducation so that those who cannot af-
ford a private education can still obtain an
affordable education."

The groups will be rccrttlting lobbyists on
the dinner lines of the quads next week in
preparation for a Lobby Day at the
Legislature on March 20th. Any Itttercsted
students are ttrged to contact SASU.
NYPIRG or the Student Action
Committee.

 

