   
 
 

A- .u . -c-./,_.»:am«W-m-,c.\»—c..a

)\

‘.‘.T1A2‘€*—l‘.!$“’;~—-.~A.w ..

.—H,.J‘r"‘_ﬂlli(

 

 

   
       
       

      

 

 

 

i

‘.-.Zm

"I deﬁnitely think they should be
allowed in rooms. I 've been here 4
years and I 've noticed they have
been infringing on students' rights,
and beer balls are one of them. It's
a student’s right and beer‘s beer no
matter what kind of container it
comes in. "

—Greg Stradtman

 

‘ 4 dLoXNY STUDENTPREss c1 TUESDA y, JANUARY3I. I984

  the Podium *

"I assume it shauld'be held in a
place where students can drink. I
don 't think there should be alcohol
in the dorms while classes are in ses-

sion. if students want to purchase it.

themselves and bring it on campus I

see no problems. It would be OK to

have beerballs an the weekend. "
—Ronaltl Franklin

 

"They should be allowed because
of what they've done to the policy
already. not allowing lounge par-
ties. As long as they 're keeping it in
the suite there is nothing wrong
with it. They paid for the roanr. "

"I don 'I see why they shouldn't
be allowed, but the problem is it
might get out of hand. If they want
to have a party maybe they should
have to get permission. I think there
should be a limit. ”

—Marjorle Cote

  
   

 

"I think you should be able to
have beer in your dorm. I'm a
senior and since I’ve been here
we've always been allowed to have
beer In the dorms and we 've never
had any problems. It's a tough
thing now because they raised the
drinking age. 1 think maybe there
should be a special policy where its
all right to let trrinors drink at on
campus events. "

—Boh Jojo

 

 

Do you believe that students should be
allowed to have kegs and beerballs in their

suites and rooms?

 

 

—Ted Ober

 

 

t

"I think its fair for them to say
you can ‘I have a beer/mil for
underage kids. It's their campus
and we 're just here. There should
be regulations about the size of a
party and about age, obviously it
cart go cruz y. The 'sitouid conform
to state laws. "

——Wendy Raymond

Compiled by Jim O'Sullivan.

Photos by Laura Bostick, UI’S.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

hope.”

 

"If I leave New York I'll go to Europe probably. I want
to remain in New York for the rest of my life — I

-Ange| Cordero, Ir.

 

 

.«l' t"

7:30 pm

  

H% INTEREST
 “ ‘ MEETING

Wednesday
February/1, 1984

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 

L06

 

 

 

 

Pog no to review

By Jim O'Sulllvan
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

chs and bccrballs might be allowed in
students’ rooms and suites if the recommen-
dations of the Alcohol Policy Review Com-
mittee are adpotcd by Vicchresident for Stu-
dent Affairs, Frank Pogue.

The committee, which was deadlocked on
the bulk container issue, met for 2 hours Fri-
day morning and advised Pogue that the ma-
jority supported permitting kegs and beerball
in suite rooms, said Student Association
President Jeff Schneider. Student leaders
later said they viewed this as a major victory
for student rights.

Schneider, however. cautioned students
not to be too optimistic because the commit-
tcc's decision is only a recommendation.
“Just because the committee came up with
the decision doesn't mean that's the rule," he
explained.

The committee was formed by Pogue last
September to draft recommendations for a
new campus alcohol policy because of the
newly adopted New York State l9-ycar-old
drinking age. In its final report last week, the
committee reported that it was unable to
decide whether or not to allow bulk con-
miners in student dormitories. As a result,
Poguc asked them to meet once more to try
to resolve the conﬂict.

Poguc noted that he did not include the
committee’s recommendation on the bttlk
container issue in the final report because the
Task Force had not reached a unanimous
consensus in that area; though, he said. he
would consider the input he got during Fri-
day’s mccting.

“Thch was some consistency within the
group for the rights of students...to have

 

 

 

   

W

A dorm party on campus

 

t-t....:'. I.
,._.. A“

.t.t_. .tIV n.
, . , .

TUESDA Y, JANUARY“, 1934 go ALBANY sTUDENT PEEQS'  V

alcohol committee  "rep



   

  

LISA SIMMONB UPS

 

Pogue would like to meet with Residential Life Stuff before making aﬁnal decision.

alcohol in their rooms," said Poguc. “i just
have the concern that students have the
freedom to function with responsibility in
their homes." he said. adding that he could
not ignore the people affected by parties
either. 7

Although the committee's advice is only a
recommendation. Pogue said, “That advice
will be treated with some importance." He
added that he hopes to have a final policy
recommendation ready soon. “My dcsirc

 

w.

Atmospheric Science Research Center

 

  

 

 

SUE MINDICH UPS

 

Prime considerations are research and education.

New SA media head

Stacey Young. a former Student Voice
managing editor, has been chosen as the

The appointment was recommended by
Rich Schaffcr, SA President, Libby Post,
formcr SA Media Director, and Vivien
Vasqucz. SA Minority Affairs Coor-
dinator, and was approved in Central
Council December 14.

“Two people submitted applications,"—
said Schaffcr. “We held a training session
on the equipment; for the applicants, and
Young was chosen after interviews with
Schaffer, Post and Vasqch.The position
pays $250 a semester.

Young said she has “no deﬁnite plans
as of yet. l‘m still getting broken in."
Young is a junior at SUNYA. She added

 

would be to havc the policy implemented by
the middle of thc spring term or sooner," he
said.

Poguc explained that he is waiting for opi-
nions from other SUNYA vice presidents and
the 19 Student Affairs Directors, and that he
would like to meet with Residential Life staff
before he makes a final recommendation on
the issue.

Committee rucmbcrs' accounts of the out-
come of Friday's meeting varied. At least one

Task Force mcmbcr said that the group never
did reach a complete consensus. However,
two other members said they thought that the
decision given to Poguc was supported by the
entire group.

Committee mcmbcr and Associate Direc-
tor of Residential Life, Liz Radko, said the
issue had not been resolved, but that “we
(the committee) discussed a couple of dif-
ferent approaches," She said that her own

7»

Research Center’s staff focuses
attention on ecological problems

By Ilene Welnsteln
Sill/l "RI/[5R

While acid rain remains a problem from
above. the Atmospheric Science Research
Ccntcr will try to stay on top of the situation.

The rcscnrch center, commonly rcfcrrcd to
as A.S.R.C., is locatcd in the Earth Science
building and concentrates on areas of na-
tional priority, according to SUNYA Vice
President in charge of Rcscarch and Educ-
tional Dcvclopmcnt, .lohn Shunrakcr. it is
thc pcrogativc of the director and the staff
“of the corner to dccidc what is to he rcscttr-
ched." but they must look to what issues are
current. he said, adding that the national
research agendas change from ycar to ycar.
Tcn years ago the concentration could have
bccn in “cloud-sccding. but today it‘s pro-
bably acid rain and air pollution." Shumakcr

‘ noted.

Research anti education arc the prime con-
sidcrtttions for A.S.R.C., according to Ray-
mond Falconer, the first full-time employee
at the center and a recent rctirc'c.

The center was founded in I96l through
the efforts of Dr. Vincent Schacfcr, formerly
of the General Electric Research Center in
Sclrncctady. Schacfcr. according to Falconer,
“was interested in founding a center at a col-
lege in this arca and he found the greatest
amount of interest at the state university."
Schacfcr became the first director of
A.S.R.C. and remained several years before

 

News Updates

ncw Student Association Media Director. _

that the Student Voice would “dcfinitely
continue" to be printed every other
Thursday.

Civic center

University President Vincent O‘Lcary
will present plans for a Civic Center and
field house to the Albany County Com-
mission on the Civic Center this _Thurs-
clay, according to Vice President for
University Affairs Lewis Welch.

The plan will propose “a combined
civic center and ﬁeld house" to be built on
approximately 70 acres of SUNYA pro-
perty on Fuller Road across from the
University, said Welch.

Welch declined to give details on the
University’s plan. but called it “a very
good proposal."

. lmatcly l0,900 employers throughout the

Workforce levels up

Businesses in the United States are
“rebuilding their workforce levels" and
“intend to hire additional workers",
which indicates that unemployment levels
are coming down, according to a survey
conducted by Manpower Temporary Scr-
viccs, an employment placement agency.

“Rising employment is indicated in the
services. construction. finance. insurance,
real estate, and education sectors".'ulong
with high levels in manufacturing, accor-
ding to Manpower.

Hiring activity in the northeast “is ex-
pected to be greatly improved “from one
year ago, said the survey results. which
were compiled from a sample of approx-

 

U.S.

 

his retirement, added Falconer.

There has since been only one other direc-
tor, Volkcr Mohncn. who holds the position
currently. Mohncn is an international expert
on acid rain, according to Professor Bernard
Vonnegut, who is also on staff at the center.

Besides the current research on acid rain
and air pollution, the staff of A.S.R.C. is
working on research in solar energy, wind
energy, the dcvclopmcnt of sparks in the at-
tttttsphcrc and the transportation of material
from bodies of water to the atmosphere.

Aiding in their research, according to Van
ncgut arc the many weather stations, one of
which is located on Mohawk Towcr and
another of which is located at the summit of
Whitcfacc Mountain. Thcsc stations “do
summer and winter fieldwork," explained
Vonnegut. "and conduct research on icing,
air pollution. and acid rain."

“There is a great deal of overlap in interest
between the staff at A.S.R.C. and the faculty
of the Atmospheric Science department,"
stated Vonnegut. “On paper there are two
distinct groups...but neither really pays at-
tention to the division," Vonnegut said.
Some staff members of A.S.R.C. enjoy the
title of “Research Professors," while some
professors from the Atmospheric Science
department are involved in research. Several
SUNYA students have been [involved in
research programs at A.S.R.C. as well, ac-
cording to Vonnegut.

The resemblance between the academic
department and the research center ends,
however, at the exchangc of staff members.
“The chairman of the department reports to
the dean (of the College of Science and
Mathmatics) and the director of A.S.R.C.
reports to Vice President Shumakcr," stated
Vonnegut. ' g

“The role of my ofﬁce is to manage the
center overall, the director manages it on a
day-to-day basis." said Shumakcr.
Shumakcr’s office also helps to locate

sources for research funding, as well as hiring
the A.S.R.C. staff.

The research center is funded through two
main sources, according to Shumaker. “it is
the largest state supported facility on cam-
pus," he. maintained. The other source for
funding is through external grants and con-
tracts. The statc’s view of the center is a

“‘developmental one," said Shumakcr.

A.S.R.’C. must sue the money from the state
‘ 14>

 

 

