 

 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

     
   
 

 

lf the President is looking for a way to incrcae the faith th
American people hate in him. especially in this election yen:
then here's the simplest solution: bring the boys home and
look for an intelligent and fair solution to end the turmoil
Lebanon.

 

‘ “W— .-A v

 

in
,.

 

end the boys home

‘ ment began to wane in the face of growing Drusc and Shiite

   
 

" ‘—.M‘ Th—urx,‘ ‘

put many more must die? That is the question we must

  
 

i  .
i” . . ~ v incs ’
i v. keep halting ourselves in relation to our Marines in power.._t7inally. “titles are commg ‘0 “ wag'dzh:o?4b:rlong
'4 i, ' V Lebanbnw In the wake of the recent outbreak of were nsstgnCdIO PTOP upnGovcmmcmﬂh'E IDS one is   
‘ x' t fighting‘a’nd the resignation ofthe entire Lebanese cabinet. it alone at the top. Now the lack of fo_rsrg t In . . p H. y. ‘
g 3 becomes more and more urgent that we. the American peo- coming back to haunt both the Americans and their a ies in he following is a Simulation:
g pie. urge our President to “bring the boys home." Lebanon. . ~ . t . K, _ , . » 1 . , I _
E  I The recent resignations are a strong indicator that even Reagan has askedth neopllltf 0f lhfc )NOTM ‘0 Jqllilillm ‘ 'If: xii-299 Campus C‘m” Won" “'0” MI) | help
i i - those involved directly with the government in Lebanon dCPIOFing ""3 CONinUCd She "18 0 Innocent C‘V'mnsw ‘ . 1‘983 84 SI d m D. , t
. .y _ _ - , ~ ‘ . - ‘ (DUCK iliC not 'v
’- ‘ ‘ ' ' ‘ ' ' tl h‘ rain that l 600 of the innocent Victims arc ‘ Yes. Since the . . U 0 "LL yet
i realize the situation is getting worse instead of better. What When w I e L c . available. I was wondcnng If you could m” m the munbmr

  
    
  

l

docs “take to convince President Rea an? ‘ US. Marines? ‘ I V . .
Monday. it was reported that yet anither Marine lost his The State Department has said that the United States ScrglO’SIUanl- He used to live on Alumni but he moved to
life in an attack on American forces. One life may seem likea should not get militarily involved unless the Marines arc Colonial this semester. . ~ ‘ ‘ pi ' 
small number but when added to the approximately 280 directly attacked. But what is their definition of “directly at- :‘Frrst of all. the DircCIO‘I‘ICS)'WLrC‘leplZJhui to arrive Imr
others that have also been killed, the statistic becomes more tricked?" Frldﬂy, 6‘ Wthh ""10 “"3 WE“ Omen ff 2‘1"“) 01" Hunter
and more upsetting. Does the death of one Marine every day for 241 days con- copy of the computer print out Wit ‘l' or .tll the phone
' The Marines were originally sent as non partisan stitute a direct attack, or must all of them the at once before numbers. some re as much tn the ‘dark as you.
peacekeepers. A's time went on. their role shifted quite ob- the State Department and the President are convinced of the “Second. if and when the Directories do come out, it...
viously to backing up the Gemaycl Government until it could damage that Emails out“ SCTVlccmC"? . numbcrhsted for SCTglOIWlii be his olti Alumni tnnuher.
reconcile the nation and establish some sort or stability. The time to remove our troops is now. It's sad to think along with the hundreds. if not thousands ol ttlilctvsltltit'llh
As the Marines dug deeper into the trenches at Beirut air- that hesitation on the President's part now may result in still whose nutribcrs have changed stncc the summer. tour ilt‘Sl
port. they became increasingly ineffective at enforcing any another war memorial in Arlington National Ccmctary. This bet would be to put out a personal tn the AS!" llut rlun‘i
kind of security. The predominance of the Gcmaycl Govern-. one titled “Dedicated to those who served as peacekeepers in liogilygur breath for Sergio 5 number. Have it nice day."
Lebanon." ic .

COLUMN g I - '
_ 'Maybe S‘UNYA is the best

bird the main responsibility for tire research! lhr Ht '\\\
progrrrm is spccial, and we‘ve had lllltiL‘l't‘tiitittrtlc mm lttol
College. Union Colicgc. Williams College. and |-'l'l with i»
SUNYA to partake of that cxpcriencc.

.y-Mw&‘~1.mme «.WW_M,_,-

 

Recently Professor Myron Taylor raised in tltese pages the Now to tire quality of thc SUNYA cductttion. Lct Inc
question of the qrtrtlity of teaching at SUNYA and asked discuss Physics. about which i know tltc most, biit I must
‘Why not the best for SUNYA?’ We are indebted to Prof. nlso saynl the outset that i know that many ol‘thc successful
Taylor for this initiative. All too often the issue of teaching fcntures iii the Physics experience occur in other departments

 

 
  

 

 

execllencc is brottglit up in tin-ml Irrmrinem fashion which at SUNYA. us shown by thc unnuttl Scicttcc Ftrir held at And tilt! SUNYA ‘PI'OBFHW i5 Llii'i‘tv‘l't'lll- “9 ‘tt n “it llt‘
makes it difficult to treat withotit appearing to intervene in a Albany. DI'Ugt'ilttt With physicals tlrttultd lift: WUt'lti. and NIH "it .i'tzt
personnel decision. Prof. Taylor's remarks were provocative Quite gcncrully across the country the bachelor's degree in lessor Frederick Still. lilt‘lt PI‘CMUCIH 0i lik‘ i 5 \ ‘u H-v 
and the responses refreshing, particularly Prof. Burt‘s zillu- Physics is u ‘liook-lcurning' dcgrcc. The [3.5. Physics Sciences. tiotcd [hill the pro-WWII pl‘ogr‘ntit :rt ‘Wiillii rt .r...
sion to Luther's 95 theses. " grndtnttc typically is 'preparcd' to do physics but httsn't CUINP‘MHNC- why is “W SUNYA PWEI'N‘“ tillltlt't‘t' “iii
'donc' physics tutti must he tutored on titcjob how to do it. the high quality of urtdcrgrnduutcs that we hrrtc l thrlx lh.‘

 W  'l'hztt Its. he or shctypically cannot function in it laboratory Sine qua non. ltr addition the. SUNYA pityktt‘el l‘iw't-Htt t:
. carryingoirt experiments or theoretical calculations \VIlilout typically on re cttrch that does not lcqlllll' \L\i l.t. we it.

There remain. however. some points which] tint impcllcd CXlCHSiVC insm'ﬂion ilnd SllDCFViSiun- Bl” 1’ ' illld large IhL‘ gm‘luillt‘ “our 1‘5 ﬂ PWWLIEHSNL‘. WWW". “'1' \l \i \
program is small enough lilrit rlrr

‘ SUNYA Physics grittlutttc is professionally prepared. and is a graduate physics
undergraduates not otin don‘t get lost but are \wltmncrt Ittl
their effort and their stimulation. And not the icml lt‘LNlll

to add to the discussion.
functioning professional physicist. How then is the SUNYA

Tltcrc is prevalent a false dichotomy between teaching and program different?

publishing. Publishing is teaching. Whether the published in the junior year. the physics major is strongly cncourag- the pmgram i5 (“WHEN is [he long "Million “1' k‘t't'l'llilllm”
V material is it textbook or research which will eventually be in . cd to become involved in one ofthc research programs in the losundcrgrﬂdllalt‘ Cducalion ill Albany!
;' , a textbook. publishing teaches to the whole world. notjust to department. Not all the students have the time for that in- Thus i can argue. and often have argued. the thesis that
,i ' a classroom. and teaches for all time. not just the moment. volvement. And that involvement in itself is not unique. undergraduate Physics education at SUNYA is ttt'lilil[7\ tih.‘
: There is also prevalent a false dichotomy between Many universiritcs have undergraduate-research participa- best inlhcwurld;lsay‘pcrhapS' because l'vcttot tcl lttltthltl
 It trndcrgraduatc and graduate teaching. The learning process tion. but almost never does the under-graduate have the op- program to rival it.
i begins before the University and usually continues after. portttiiity to really participate; instead the student remains a But isn’t whether or not we are the best in litc world the
. Even in my dotage i enjoy learning. and that‘s one of the ‘gopher‘ - go for this. go for that. At SUNYA. on the other wrong (IUCSliOn?
‘, thrills of being in a University. But the pace of the change hand. our goal is that the undergraduate contributes fully to In my view. the proper operational question is '('.in m- ht'
 demands that people continue to learn after they leave the the research. and it is common that this contribution is suf- bettcr?’ And here I must answer ‘ycs.‘ And \tc‘rc trutth
 University. and. indeed. in my view. the whole purpose of ficicnt that the student become a banafr'de co-author on one

the University is to helptlrc student achieve autonomous self- or more publications. indeed it is not uncommon for the
instruction. undergraduate to be the first author, i.e.. the person who The author is Distinguished Service Professor at \‘t‘Vi’A.

 

 

 
 

Goon Momma! I’LL BeT'You
carer WaiT To Heart wttaiftite
Maemeg aRe UP To ToDaY!

Have I GOT a avkt'ttiae 

 
 

 

 

   
 

')


g.

 

r
In
i
%E&.

t . m
.,. tiff..ka

ira-

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

