 

‘.’.
r.

r

 

/.

~’144%;'ALBAN)’STUDENTPRESSH‘; FRIDA r. MARCH-16. l984;-~ _ . . -, 

:_.~t.,r«,,—~« :«r.:u:'»~vu._-3 W .

 

 

 

, RPI'?sifreshman goalie happy withhis decision

Tray
(AP) Last year. goaltender Darren
Puppa refused to even consider
Rennselear Polytechnic Institute
because he had never heard of the
college. This‘weekend. he will be
leading tltat team into the national
playoffs.

Puppa. who had appeared ready
to attend the University of Denver.
finished in a tie as the nation‘s top
goalie this year' and was named
Thursday as a second team All-
American selection.

He was a fortifying factor last
weekend when RPI beat Clarkson
and Boston Uttivcrsity to win its
first eaStern title.

"i've never seen a freshman in
this league have such an intpact on a
team.” said Coach Mike Addesa,
wltose team. 32-4. hosts North
Dakota. No. 4 in the West. 28-I 1-2.
in a two-game NCAA quarterfinal
series beginning Friday night.

Puppa. a blond. ' 18-year-old
from Kirkland Lake. Ontario,
whose 6-foot. 3-inch frame covers
much of the net, only allowed an
average of 2.85 goals 'per game this
season. '

He cracks a broad smile as he
recalls the RPI coaches’ efforts to
recruit him. <

Not only had he never heard of
the college just north of Albany.
but when he checked a hockey
guide he saw that the team had won
nine games. lost 18, and tied two
the previous season.

“The answer was no." he
remembers.

“Addesa needed a goalie. and
with a telephone call and materials
on the school that he had sent. he
thought he had snared Puppa.
_But Darren's dad. Leo. called
back and politely told the coach not
to waste his time scouting because
Darren was n0t interested. The
hockey scholarship to Denver,

where his uncle coaches, looked to
be his choice. -

Addesa persisted. sent more
materials. and implored the father
to look into RPI as a rest)”:led in‘
‘stitutlon.

RPI goalie coach Bob Saunders
took the five plane rides necessary
to reach Kirkland Lake, which is
about It hours north of the US.
border. and met with Puppa's fami-
ly. ‘

After visiting the campuses at
Denver and RPI. Puppa opted for
what he considered to be a better
academic program. '

"I wanted to take engineering.
and RP] had an established
engineering program while
Denver’s engineering program was
just getting underway," he said in a
iockerroom interview after the
ECAC title game.

He questioned whether a degree
from a fledgling program would
carry much weight in job inter-

views.

An A-student in high schooi’who
was chosen as an All-Ontario
scholar. Puppa ls majoring in in-
dustrial engineering.

While most Canadian youths
play on a junior B or Tier-Two ju-‘
nion A team. Puppa lived too far
away from the nearest league. So he
played in'_an intermediate league.

With players in their mid-to-late
205. including some former pros.
Puppa faced high-velocity shots.
but received little goaltending in—
struction.

Despite that, he is technically
sound — a good skater who plays
his angles well. is cat-quick, and
who is learning to concentrate
harder during a game. A

But there still are times. he says,
when he would prefer to stay on his
feet and not flop to make a pad
save. which leaves him vulnerable
over the shoulders.

His basic flaw early this season

First roand report from the NCAA West

 

 

 

 

 

Pullman, Was/t.
(AP/The I5th-ranked Washington
Huskies. ctr-champions of the
Paciltc-IO Conference this season.
face sltort btrt quick Nevada-Reno
Friday nigitt in tire first round of
the NCAA West Regional college
basketball tournament.

In tltc nightcap. Southern
Methodist uttd Mirtmi of Ohio col-
lidc at Washington State's Fricl
Court.

\\’rrshington. 22-6. nrtd Nevada—
Rctto. l7-I.‘l. tttcct at full) p.ttt. PST
followed by tltc gttmc between
Mirtnti of Ohio. 245. and SMU.
24-7, at Rt4t) pm.

“I know they‘tc got big people
inside.“ suid Sonny Allctt. coach of
upsct-tnindcd Neruda-Reno. “But

everybody we play has bigger ittsidc
people than us. so that's nothing
ni.‘\\'.

“i think we .Ctln play with them
Once yott get this for.
c cr) body‘s touglt. but I don‘t have
any negative thoughts about play-
ing tltcttt. Even though they're big.
they're not as overpowering as
some of the other teams. like
Georgetown.“ '

The No.2 rntcd Hoyas and I4th-
rnnkcd Dttkc. of the powerful
Atlantic Coast Conference. are
here, too. Both have first-round
byes.

Georgetown. 29-3. which finish-
cd second to Nortlt Carolina in the
final Associated Press poll this
week, will face the winner of the
Southern Methodist-Miami contest
Sunday at 1:30 p.rn.

  

Dttkc. 244). which knocked off
North Carolina 77-75 in the ACC
ltllll'llillllL‘lll last weekend. will go
ttguinst tltc Wrtshittgton-chrtdtt-
Retro game winner Sunday at 4
DJ". Sunday‘s \cCtttttl-t‘otttttl game
winners utlynncc to the West
Regional itt Los Angcles March
23—25. ‘

"l‘d like to have been lit the East
to be itt il situation where we'll ltave
some fans cheering for its bttt  its
I told Patrick Ewing with 50

seconds to go, ‘Lcts go West,”
Georgetown Coach John Thomp-
son said.

He was referring to last
Saturday's Big East Conference
tournament championship game in
which the Hoyas escaped with an
82-7I ovcrtimc victory over

Syracuse.
Washington is making its first
NCAA tournament appearance

since 1976 and Marv Harshman. the
Huskies' 66-year-old coach. adtnits
he’s worried about Nevada-Reno.
The Wolf Pack knocked off Idaho
State, Weber State and Montana in
last weekend's Big Sky tournam-
ncnt in Ogden. Utah. to qualify for
its first-ever NCAA berth.

The Huskies start a front line of
7-foot Chris Welp. 6-foot-9
Detlef Schrempf and 6-l‘oot-9 Patti
Fortier. Nevada»Reno's tallest
player is 6-fooI-6 Quentin Stcpltcns.
the Wolf Pack's starting
sophomore ccrttcr.

Schrcntpf. tr junior frottt West
Germany. urtd Welp. rt frcshntrtn
from West Germany. rnttk I—2 itt
scoring for the Huskies with 16.1
and 10.6 scoring nvct'rrgcs. rcspcc—
tivcly. Tltc Wolf Puck‘s top scorcr
is Curtis High. at junior guard and
brotltcr of tltc Phoenix Surts‘
Johnny High. with u I3.() uvcruge.

Salt Lake City
(AP) Reserves Ed Catchings and
Eric Booker scored 18 points each
as I3th- ranked Nevada Las Vegas
overpowered Princeton 68-56
Thursday night in the opening game
of the NCAA West Regional to set
up a showdown against ninth-
ranked Texas—El Paso.

Louisiana State and Dayton
played in the late game Thursday.
The winner of that game plays
sixth-ranked Oklahoma in the se-
cond round Saturday.

UNLV and UTEP, the top two-
ratcd teams in the West during most
of the regular season. meet in Satur-
day's second game. .

Booker and Catchings scored 12
points each in the second half as
UNLV. now 28-5 and the fifth seed
in this regional, outscored the 12th-
sccdcd Tigers 14-6 to take a 42-3l
lead with l4:50 left in tltc game.

Princeton. which had executed its '

precision passing game almost
flawlessly in the first ltalf. was
unable to pull any closer than nine
points the remainder of tire way.
Princeton. the ivy League cham-
piott. was led by junior center
Howard Levy’s season-high 24
points. The Tigers also got I8
points from scrtior Brian Mullirt as
they finished the season 18-10.

was in handling the puck. which
means being able to clear rebounds
quickly to the ,corner or pass the
puck up to a forward breaking out
of the zone.

But the daily passing and clearing
drills have paid off. In the ECAC
playoffs, he never let rebounds lie
in front of the net..and instead of
just carelessly banging the puck
away usually looked for an open
wing who could take a pass and
start a play.

He instills in his teammates “a
confidenceghat allows theni to play
with more determination." know-
ing that “when the puck goes the
other way it’s not going to go in."
said Addesa. ‘

“He'll try anything you tell him.
and he’s a great student," said
assistant coach Bill Switag. a
former goalie at Buston College.

“If you had to pick everything
you’d want in a kid on your team.
he has it.“

Regional"

Princeton kcpl tltc game close in
the first half by scoring layins off
backdoor plays. The Tigers,
however. never were able to gain a
lead after the opening minutes. But
two straight baskets by Muliitt and
a basket by Levy cut UNLV's lead
to 26-25 with l:55 left in the first
half. [ -’

Tonight's Games
East Regional; at East Ruther-
ford, N..l.
Virginia Commonwealth.
22-6. vs. Northeastern. 27-4
Virginia. l7-II, vs. lona, 23-7

 

Mideast Regional; at
Milwaukee.
Louisville. 22-IO. vs.
Morchcad State 25-5
Villanova. I8-l I, vs. Mar-

shall. 25-5
MidwEsl Regional; at Lincoln
Nebraska
Illinois State. 22-7, vs.
Alabama. iii-II
Kansas, 2l-9, vs. Alcorrt Stzrtc
21-9
West Regional; at Pullman.
Washington
Nevada-Reno. 17-13. at
Washington, 22-6
Miami of Ohio. 24-5. vs.

 

 

Soutltcrn Methodist. 24-7

 

Ex-ump Luciano takes second strike at writing

(AP) Ron Luciano knew the
American League bad it in for him
witcn it ussigncd him to Arirotta for
spring training every year.

“Arizona.” the cx-umpirc har-
rnrnphed. "Nobody goes there.
Evert tltc owners of the clubs that
train irt Arizona go to Florida."

Still. Luciano coped. He found
ways to amuse himself. There was.
for example. his traditional poll of
tltc fans.

“There would bc a close play tn
first brtsc and I was never good at
making dccisions :tnywav." l u-
citttto laughed. “So i‘d turn to tire
fans and sit). ‘OK. how many lor
sate? How many for out'." I let the
inns make the call."

That did rtot ulwuys sit well witlt
rookies trying to make tltc tcnrns.
Luciano rccuilcd ottc kid who arts
in camp '.\llll tltc Chic:th ('nbs.
" i ltc( obs. iltey always tried to go
304) m .pring training and tltcrt
tltcy'tl tigutc. "l his year. we‘re
cltuntps.‘ What they'd forget was

that lltc ttlltcl ch-bs wcrcn't trying. .

Anyway. this kid hit a grotrndcr in a
game against Milwaukee. it was
close and I did my poll. The kid
went nuts. jumping up and down
and screaming. ('ecil Cooper said to
hint. ‘Trtke it easy. That's how he
does it.m

The Brcwcrs' first baseman
couldn't calm the kid. He con-
tinued yelling. rtot the least bit in-
timidated the 6-foot-4. 300 pound
urnp. But Luciano resisted titrowing
him out of tire game.

“Run him'.’ In spring training?
C‘nton."

Luciano figures that being on
utttpirc is like being tiling. l‘ltc job
docs ttot prepare you for anything
clsc itt lite So now he writes. His
first book. "The Umpire Strikes
Back.“ was it bcstscller. Now he's
back with number culled “Strike
fwo." tltc further :tthcnlurcs of
tttttpircs past and present. including
cvctt the Foreign legion handling
spring training in Ari/nun.

"Arizona is it penalty." lucirtno
said. “But I adored it. There was no

 

 

pressure. Every year. I told lllL‘ttl.
‘Don't send me back there.‘ and
every y ‘nr they would.“

After to years. umpires cart pick
their own spring assignments.
When the league asked aninno's
preference.th was ready with a rep-

ly.
' “I told them Arizona and it made
thcm furious."

Wins and losses in spring training
are not treated witlt quite the same
intensity as they are in the regular
season. Take the case of Tom Mnr~
pity. a journeyman relief pitcher.

“ iurplty was with tltc Brewers.
pitching tltc bottom of tire ninth ill
a lic game against the Cubs," I.u-
cirtno srtid. “l-trst pitch. tltc umpire
calls it strike. lie yclls in, ‘iookcd
low!"'

“Now he's the pitcltcr itttd hc's
Cotttplttinittg about il stt'ikc. So Itc
gets bull-brtll-ball-bail. Man on
first. He makes a pickot‘f rttovc you
ttevcr saw before. ‘Brtlkl' Very
good. Titc rtttnter's now on second.
Now he's throwing fnstbrrlls dowtt

 

tltc tniddlc. The batter rips ottc for u
single and the game's over. The first
one ottt of tltcrc was Murphy.“

Now. about bulks. “I rtcvcr call—
ed a balk," Luciano said. “(.‘all it?
I couldn't spell it. I didn't unders-
tnnd tltc rtric. One titttc. Gene
Munch came running otrt ltollcring
at rttc. ‘Bnlk! Balk! llc's bending
his knee!‘

"So i start wrrtching tltc piicltct'.
l'lc throws over to first. chct‘ hcnt
his knee. but Itct'e contc Mrrnclt
ngttin. yelling. ‘littik! l ntovcd his
shonldcr!‘

“i told hint. “(it-nu. I didn't scc
it. I wars i\ll\_\ watching his
knce."'

The bulk tttle. i.ncinno suid, is
about its confusing iiS tltc rtrlc
covering butting out of order. "In
nntpirc school. i)on Denkirtgcr
trutght batting out of order. .lolrn
McShcrry covered brrlks."

What was ittcirtntxﬁs specialty?

“Big.” E

 

 

Sports   

 

 

MARCH 16, I984

 

Albany-hosts indoor saccer tournament tonight

By Dean Chang

EDITOR/Al. rtSS/SI'ANT ,

If there was one tournantent that the
Albany State indoor soeccr club wanted to
win, it would be the one that they are hosting
this weekend. the 11th annual University at
Albany Indoor Soccer Tournament.

The Icam will be split up into two squads.
Albany Blue and Albany Wltitc. Each learn
will play in separate divisions. and neither
team will have it" easy time with lltcir cont-
pctitiott.

Division ii is the tougher of tltc two, with
Division l powerhouse Hartwi 'k leading tltc
way. As one of the top Division I teams.
Hartwick has to be considered the favorite to
win the tournament. Kean College. ranked
iltlt itt tltc country itt Division lll last year.
rttrrst also be considered it favorite to win.
Also competing in this division will be tltrcc
junior colleges. Mont'oc Community College,
Rockland Corttrrnrrrity College and Fulton
Montgotttcry Cotttrttttttity College. Of tltc
three. only Monroc will pos ‘ a serious threat
to first place. Rounding otrt tltc division are
Albany Wltite and Albany Alumni. a group
of former Albany soccer players nttd
graduating seniors.

in Division i. Albany Blue's toughest
cltailcnge will cortte front defending chant-
piort Oncottta State. Other teams irtcltrdc
Clarkslown, Ntt/ztrctlt. Nassau Cortttttuttity
Colicgc. Orange Community Colicgc and
Ulster Corttmunily Collcgc. ltt juttior collcgc
rankings. Ulstcr was ranked seventh in tltc
nation.

Of the two Albany squads. Albany Blttc
would scent to have tltc bcttcr starting "x.
Top scorers Tcrt'y Bacchus and .lct'ry lsuocs
will lead tltc team. along with freshman Paco
Dttttrte and ’i‘ihun l’rcsbic. Scott Coltcrt. and
transfer goulic Punl Rector.

"With Tcrt'y' and Jerry. i would say that
we hrtv' :t pretty good chrntcc of winning."
said Prcsltic. “We’ve only had two practices
together, btrt wc should be ready for tltc tour-
ttrtnrent."

Albany White will be anchored by Jeff
ankctt. n four-time Barbados National
team member. ()tlter pluycrs include

 

freshman Carl loos and Alan thstcrman.
Greg Mueller. Mike‘lasmin and. second-
tcartt All-Conference goalie Tom Meritt.

loos believes that his team will be a force to
be rcckortcd with. “The blue team is pro-
bably better than tts individually. bill if we
play liken lcmtt. we're jttst its good if ttot bet-
ter than tltcttt." srrid loos. “I don't know if
we‘re going to win it, bttt we looked real
strong itt practice".

Albany Alumni will be the sentimental
favorite to win here. Rcturnittg All-State
players are goalkeeper Alberto Giordano,
Alex Pilgrim and Vlndo Scrgoviclt. Thrcc
fortttcr All-Conference players that will also
play are .lorgc Aguilar. .lorgc l-‘oicro and Luis
Orcngo. Also on tltc team are Albany State
seniors. who will probably be making their
last appearances itt Albany nnil'orrtts. Most
notable of the seniors is Mike Miller.

“l‘m looking forward to this
tournament." said Miilcr. “It’s tltc last
chance I ltuve to win something itt this
school." Urtlikc tltc other tcrtnts. tltc Alttttnti
squad will not have played with each other
indoors until lltcir first game ttgnittst l’nlton
Montgomery. Said Millcr. “l-Ivcn tltorrglt we
haven't played together. I know than we‘ll
give anyone a game. It will be it little strange
ltt our first two games. bccnusc I'll just try to
get accustomed to ltow cvct'yonc clsc piuys.
Bttt i saw these guys play two years ztgo. and
tltcy don't like to lose."

Albany Blue will have it good indication of
ltow tltcy will l'arc after their first game
against Uster CC. Playing at ltotttc will give
tltc bluc team (as well as tltc otltcr Albany
teams) a decided advantage over their op-
pottcttts. especially itt tltc 'urlicr rounds. Said

l’rcsbic. “Playing in our gynt gives its a big ,

edge. We know how tltc bull goes off tltc
walls and we're muclt tnorc comfortable
titerc. Ulster will be playing lltcir first game
against us. and tltcy aren't familiar with our
gym."

For Albany White rutd Alumni. lltcir main
cortccrtt will be how tltcy plan to beat Hart-
wick. “In indoor soccer. if yott play hard you
can it ‘ill any tcnnt." said loos. "If we can get
ortc or two goals up. ntrtybc we can hold tltcttt

 

off. We do have a very strong defense going
into the tournament."

Winning obviously is not the most impor-
tant aspect to Head Coach Bill Schieffclitt. or
else he wouldn‘t have split his bcst players in-
to two teams. “if I put my l0 best pluycrs on
one learn. tlten fiveofthem don't play." said
Schicffclin. According to Schicffclin. most
of tltc 10 players will be starting itt tltc fall.

“A lot of kids don‘t play ctcry week."
said Sclticffclin. “Our club has about 35 to
40 players. and everyone has played at least
one tournament. My major concern is to
trcparc tltesc layers for tltc fall; there's no

isl-

  

 

 

 

_ when the finals will be played.

indoor national champion. but there is an
outdoor national champion."

Each team‘ will play tltc six other teams in
their rcspcctivc divisions in round-robin for-
mat. The top four tcttnts in cttclt division will
face each otltcr irt tltc quarterfinals: the top
lcilill itt cttclt division will play tltc fourth-
platcc team in tire otltcr division. and tltc
second-place teams will face tltc third-place
teams in tltc otltcr division.

Pitty will begitt tottigltt at 5:20 as Albrtny
Blue ftrccs Ulster. On Saturday. play will
start at 9:00 run. and will conclude at 7:20.

    

 

 

 

. 4 UPS
Senior Mike Miller will play his last game In 3 Dane uniform this weekend on the
Albany Alumni team in Albany‘s indoor soccer tournament.

Women gymnasts finish fourth at ECAC meet

By John F. Parker

lrt thc first-cyct' l-ICAC women‘s gym-
rtrrstics championships. hcld ut Srrlcnt Struc
College. tltc Albany State Crrcrn Dtntcs put
on it very respectable pct'l'ornuntcc rtnd finish~
cd fourth behind some very tough competi-
tiort. lthrtcu (‘ollcgc won tltc meet with it
|6|.45. followcd by host Srtlcnt Store and
MUIIIL‘litil' Stutc t'cspcctivcly. 'i‘hc Duncs cont-
pilcd u fittc 153.45.

Albany's conch. i’nt Droid-Spillirnc. wus
pleased with tltc t'trnt‘s showing and corn-
ntentcd that, “Since \vc wctc sccdcd fourth

. going ittto tltc cornpctitiort. I had to be
satisfied with tltc results."

Knrcn Bailey and Brenda Armstrong both
qualified, as a result of their overall scores.
for tltc regional championships to be held at
chttc State this Friday at 7:00 p.m. Iirtilcy.
who was ranked eighth going into tltc night.
tttovcd up to rttrmbcr four by rccordittg n
32.0. Armstrong ntovcd frorn sixth to fifth
with her 29.75. Builcy got Albany‘s high
score irt tltrcc of tltc fottr events and irt the
Only ottc shc didn't win. the buinncc bcrtm.
sltc placed second.

Virginia Lockrnun Iicd llrtilcy for first itt
tltc opcttirtg cvcttt of thc evening. the \illtll.
Tltcy cuch recorded a strong 8.25. l-'tcshntrrn
Tcrri Sokol. who has been {I plcusrtnt surprise
all scrtsort. was close behind with ilil 8.0.

Bailey‘s 7.9 on tltc ttncvcn prtrrrllcl burs
limped tri-cuptrtin Anne 'l‘hrtmnsctt's 7.65.
Bailey. rt sophomore. and 'I‘lrrtntasctt. a
junior. have each been tltc ltiglt scorers irt this
event all season.

 

 

r‘s'

 

UPS
Gymnasts Brenda Armstrong and Karen Bailey will represent Albany State for the

NCAA Regionals. thanks to outstanding performances In the ECACs.

..__._..._...._...._._.._,......_._.. 

 

()n the bulnncc beam. which surprisingly
wits not won by llttiicy. i'rudunling scttiot
lzliciu Sicinbctg recorded ltcr high score lot
the scumn with {III 805 to title tltc ctcttl. She
was followed by tltc two regional truulit'tcts.
lluilcy .tnti Armstrong. who tied for second.

linilcy "tcdccntctl" ltct'scll itt tltc tloor c\»
crciw. which was the final cvcttt oi tltc night.
Steinbcrg finished second. whilcrutothcr pro-
mising fr'cshntrut, Nora licll.rntoni. totri.
third.

Seniors Lockntutt and Stctnbcr'g finished
second and third in' the ou'tnll competition.
They both had l‘inc scttsott» >his y -:u. and
finc cttt'cct's for four _vcrrrs. the Danes will
not ltitvc illl cosy task of filling their siltlL‘\
next year.

 

Great Dane sports
.this week

Women‘s Gymnastics:

NCAA chr'mtuls rrt chlrt' (‘o/Icgr'.
Srrltrrrlrrt'

Mcn's Indoor Soccer:

.‘i/htllfl' Slulc Irrrlrror Srrct't'r 'I'orrrrtrrv
Im’lll a! University Gym. I‘l'ir/ttl' rllttf
Srilttrrlrty
Men's Indoor Track:

Stutc CItrtIr/piorrxlrips rII I/rI/Iti/lrtll.
I‘i‘ff/tl)’ . -

 

 

 

 

 

