 

7‘.

 

 

 

 

 

window: '. r eraser-m

 _ ,‘ v. A
v . 16 SponsALBANYSTUDENTPRESS. FRIDI.

Summer
vessmns ~

(I "84 State UniverSity
~ of New York at Albany

Consider staying in Albany for Summer Sessions '84.
We'll be offering some. of the most sought after courses
at theUniversity — some you may even have been closed
out of during the regular school year. And summer in the
Capital District is something special —- see the New York
City ballet and John Houseman‘s Acting Company. spend
a day at the Saratoga races. catch a SPAC concert.
camp out at the Kool Jazz Festival. or stay home and
catch some rays around the fountain. Summer's a
great time at the University. too. All facilities.
from computer rooms to tennis courts, are

x.;MARgn16, I984_ ‘ ,

 

less crowded 'and class sizes are also

smaller. more personal.

Take advantage of this chance

to move. ahead in your studies —
maybe even to graduate early
and save some living ex-
penses. Summer Sessions
'84 makes sense in a lot
of ways!

 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
  

The Courses

Scheduled courses Include
entry requirements for
several maJors. Including
busll'less. computer science.
crlmlnal Justice. and social
welfare. And summery Is the
perfect time to fulfill general edu-

‘ cation requirements, Most courses
open only to majors during regular
terms are open to anyone during the sum-
inCi. This summer we will be offering more
courses than ever before. Pick up a Summer
Schedule of Classes for a complete list of
courses. Talk to your advisor. or call 4556129

for more details.

A sampling of our offerings

ARTS AND HUMANITIES
A Art 105a Drawing 1A '

A Art 244a Fundamentals of Photographic Art
A Art 290 Introduction to the Cinema
A Clc 133w History of Ancient Greece
A Chl 101y Elementary Chinese 1
A Eng 100 English Composition
A Eng 102 introduction to Creative Writing
A Eng 121e Reading Literature
A Eng 309 Practical Writing
A Fre illy. Beginning French
112y. 113y (Individualized Instruction)
A Fre 307A Business French
A Fre 3078 Business French
A Eng 311y History of the English Language
A Eng 300 Expository Writing

A Hum 150w Cultural Dlversrty and the
Human Condition

A Ita lOOy Elementary Italian i

A Jri 300 Introduction to Journalism

A Lin 220 introduction to Linguistics

A Mus iOOL introduction to Mom

A Mus 215 Jazz

A Phi 114p Morals and Society

A Ph1210y Introduction to Logic

A Plc 414L Literature of the Hispanic Caribbean
A Spn iOOy Elementary Spanish

A Thr 210L World Drama I

A Thr 235 Design and Technical Elements

of the Theatre
A Wss 262m Sociology of Sex Roles
A Wss 399g Gender and Writing

LIBRARY AND INFORMATION SCIENCE
L Lib 6665 Censorship: Preventive Strategies and
Policies for Public and School Libraries

   
   
  
 

CRIMINAL JUSTICE

R Cr) 200 Introduction to the Nature of Crime
and Its Control I
R Cr] 201 Introduction to the Criminal

Justice Process

SOCIAL WELFARE
R st 421 Community Organization and
Community Development

SOCIAL AND BEHAVIORAL SCIENCE

A Aas 150w Life In the ThirerOrld
A Ant 181 Workshop in Archaeology
A Corn 201 Interpersonal Communication
A Com 203 Speech Composition and Presentation
A Com 204 Group Communication
A Corn 214 Communication through Mass Media
A Eco 100m Principles of Economics (Macro)
A Eco 101m Principles of Economics (Micro)
A Eco 350 Money and Banking
A Eco 320y Economic Statistics
A Gog 102n introduction to the Cultural Environment
A His 100m American Political and Social History |
A His 130m History of European Civilization I
A His 311D History of American Foreign Policy
A His 381w History of the Middle East I
A Psy 101m Introductory Psychology
A Psy 203 Psychology of Child Development
A Psy 204 Applied Psychology
A Psy 210 Statistical Methods in Psychology
A Psy 211 introduction to Experimental Psychology
A Psy 270 Social Psychology
A Psy 340 Psychology of Human Sexuality
A Rus 256L Dissident Russian Literature
A Sbs 300 Data Processing for the Social Sciences
A Soc 115m Introduction to Sociology
A Soc 180 Social Problems
A Soc 223 Introduction to Social Research
A Soc 352p Sonoiogy of Religion
A Soc 359p Medical Sociology
A Soc 383m Juvenile Delinquency
PHYSICAL SCIENCE AND MATHEMATICS
A Bio 201 Genetics
General and Organic Chemistry
A C51 IOiy Elements of Computing
A Csi 201y Introduction to Computer Science
A C51 202 Assembly Language Programming
A CSI 203 Data Processing Principles (COBOL)
A Sci 410 Database Management
Systems Applications
A Geo 100n Planet Earth
A Mat 100 College Algebra and Trigonometry
A Mat 106y Survey of Calculus
A Mat lOBy Elementary Statistics
A Mat 112y Calculus I '
A Mat 113y Calculus 2
A Mat 214 Calculus 3
A Mat 361 Discrete Probability
General Physics
BUSINESS
B Act 211 Financial Accounting l
B Acc 222 Managerial Accounting
B Fin 300 Financial Management
B Fin 333 investment Management
8 Law 200p Legal Environment of Business
B Law 220p Business Law

B Mgt 341 Behavioral Science for
Organizational Administration
B Mkt 310 Marketing Principles and Policies
B Mkt 351 Buyer Behavior
' B Mkt 476 International Marketing
B MsI 215y Computer Applications in Business

  
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
    
   
 

POLITICAL SCIENCE AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS

R Pad 505 Research and Computer Usage
R Paf 240m Introduction to Public Policy
R Paf 300a The Political Economy
and 300D of New York
R Paf 340 American National Priorities
R Pos 101m American Politics V I
R Pos 102m Comparative and International Politics
R P05 324 Community Politics
EDUCATION
E pr 120 Psychology of Academic and
- Personal Effectiveness
E pr 204 Principles of Career and Life Planning
E Psy 200 Introduction to the Psychological
Processes of Schooling
E Tch 400y Computer Literacy for Teachers
PHYSICAL EDUCATION
0 Pec 120 Swimming: Beginning
0 Pec 162 Modern Dance: Beginning
0 Pec 165 Ballet: Beginning

Easy Registration ‘ V
Register for Summer Sessions during Early Registration
when you register for fall semester and follow the same
procedures. Ask your advisor for details.

The Sessions

 

 

 

 

Session 1 June 4—22
Session 2 June _25_—August 3
Module 3 June 25-July 13
Module 4 July 16 -— August 3

 

Special laboratory Computer Science

science courses courses A

A June 4—29 ‘
June 4-Jul 27

B July 2—27 V

 

 

 

 

Summer in the Capital District

The Adirondacks. Berkshires.
and Catskills

Swimming and camping at
Mohawk and Dippikill

New York City Ballet in
residence at Saratoga

Special SPAC concerts — the
best popular music aroundl

Sun and fun around the
University fountain

3313331

For more information see your advisor
or call.Summer Sessions 455-6129.

Enroll in any of these sessions and stillhave the month of August off!

 

 

 

  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   

 

 

 

 

Tuesday_

March 20, 1984

   

liNUMBER 14

 

 

      
  
 
  
     
  

   

 

 

Students lobbying last year; Inset: Jlm Tierney
Smaller groups are lobbying this year. Tierney said.

ED MARUSSlCH UPS: NVS SENATE

Mass lobbying termed ineffective

Full knowledge of issues difficult for large groups to attain

' By Bob Gardlnler

f‘UNI‘R/liL/l'li‘e’ti EDITOR

In a show of influence by numbers, ovcr 3.000
SUNY sludcnls and prol'csxors flooded ilic Albany
Legislative Office Building (LOB) onc ycar ago in
hopcs iliai Ihcir mass lobbying cffori would sway
icgisialors Io rcvcrsc IuiIion hisz and
layoffs SUNY-wide. liui, sludcnls 
paid more for Iuilion and dorm rcni _
Ihis ycar — whal happcncd? 

Sludcnl leaders that day wcrc cx-
ciicd. dclcrniincd and opinionalcd. Thcy rushed
around organizing students and leading informalioii
sessions in Ihc various confcrcncc rooms. Siudciils, as
[buy chailcd and gazed at ilic inicrior of Ihc LOH, were
dircclcd iiilo inl'ormaiion confcrcnccs and lalcr divid-
cd iiuo smallcr groups to visit Ihc upslairs officcs of
ihcir lcgislalor.

As formcr Siudciil Associalion (SA) Prcsidcnl Mikc
(‘orso stood amidst Ihc milling crowd of lobbying
siiidcnls Ihal day he said, "it is obviously very suc—
ccssful and Ihcrc is talk around the legislature thal Ihcy
arc overwhelmed by ilic number of sludcnls."

Lalcr. slndcnls i‘clurning from lcgislalivc ofliccs
however, were no so cxhilcralcd and may have given
Corso's lerm ‘ovcrwhclmcd’ a dil'l'crcnl meaning.

“Noi many assemblymcn were available; ii was
I'ruslraiing and we fell wc wcrcn'l accomplishing
anylhing," said a SUNYA sludcnl. “We don'I know
Ihc issues too well so they could get away with being
vague," shc said.

“The reception was not ihal great. They knew we
were coming and most of lhcm were gone
sonicwhcrc."said at SUNY Brockporl sludcnl.

The experience of last year's massisludcnl lobby and
his results raisc qucslions about effective lobbying ——
wliai works and whal doesn‘i? Mass lobbying is one
facci of the conslilullonul _righl Io rcdrcss gricvcnccs
and as such is always welcome by ilic legislature, said
Assemblyman .Iamcs Tallon, (D-Binghamion), "bin ii
basically has lilllc impaci." Groups oi'Icn pack
busloads of people inio ilic LOB Io lry and influence
IllL‘ lcgislalnrc bul Ihis melhod is “ouisidc ilic process
of lcgislalivc decisions," he said.

As an example Tallon ciicd whai he callcd a “yearly
spring riIual" bcllcr known as Motorcycle Day.
Moiorcyciisis ycarly come cn-inassc to Albany in pro-
icsl ilic hclincl law. “II has liiilc inllucncc," said
'l‘allon, “there is u lol more impact ifa small informed
group comes into our office and Ialks to us alioiii ilic
issue."

Tallon added ihaI somehow intercsl groups have Ihc
fccling Iliiu Ihcy can “force us. bill we arc noi going to
fund a projch jiisi because some aroup sends ils

troops Io Albany."

Tlic Sliidcnl Associalion oi‘ ilic Slalc Univcrsily
(SASU) has a core of highly professional iobbyisls. ac-
cording io 'l‘iillon, and are acccplcd as lcgiliiiiutc and

'iul‘ornicd and i‘clicd upon by Ihc lcgisIaIiirc for infor-

malioo. lic‘uddcd. A SASU lobbyisi, l-lopc (icislcr, is
rcgisicrcd willi Ihc slalc of New York licrc in Albany
and a iccogiii/cd lobbyisi. according lo Donald
Schum. I)cpuly Director for Adiiiinislralion at ilic
Ncw York Slaic ’l'cuiporary Commission on Lobby—
ing.

II is a combinaiion of clcmcnls lhaI arc aiiraciivc io
ilic lcgislalors and as such are vcry cl‘fccliyc for lobby-
ing, according Io Schum. Lobbyisls who are crcdiblc.
honcsl, reliable and informed will bc most inflnciilial
wilh Ihc lcgislainrc, hc said. Legislators likc inl'oriucil
lobbyisls bccausc. wilh Ihc incrcascdniimbcr of hills
IliaI Ihcy have In ilcal willi on a'daily basis. they nccd
Ihc in formalion Ihal good lohbyisis can DI‘UVILlC, add-
cd Schum.

Powerful lobby cfforis arc iiol necessarily associalcd
wiill big moncy inlcrcsls either. he said. Power In in-
flucncc is not in thc hands of a fcw sclch \ycll I'inanccd
lobbyisls. hc commcnlcd. “Lobbying conccrns pi'clly
much run Ihc gamul and dcpcnd on issues bci‘orc Ihc
legislature." said Schum.

in his proposed budget, rclcascd January [7, (ioycr—
nor Mario Cuomo has cailcd for yci anoilicr Iiiilioii
and dorm rcnl increase for SUNY — $200 morc for
Million and $150 incrcasc in dorm cosls — for Ihc
l9R4-85 school year. Bui Ihcrc is morc moncy around
this year says SASU President Jim Ticrncy and “Wc
(SUNY) will probably get soniclhlng back." he added.

In an cfforl Io change sludcnl lobbying Iaclics
SASU has organized small groups of bctwccn 50 lo 70
informed sludcnls who have been visiliiig lllL‘
lcgislalurc cvcry Tuesday since Ihc slalc hiiclgci was
released, according l0 Tierney. There will be no
massive one (lay lobbying this year. said Ticriicy. “If
wc had a big blowout like lusl year we would not be as
cfl'cclivc," he said.

The only cvcnl approaching Ihc Iurnoul ol' Iasi
year‘s SUNY-wide lobby effort will Iakc place ioday
wilh approxiinnlcly 200 sludcnis organized by
NYPIRG and Ihc Sludcnt Action Coinmilicc yislling
Ihc lcgislalivc offices. This is a crucial lime according
Io Ticrncy. and a decision is imminent on Cuomo's
budget proposals Io mch the April lsl dcadlinc.

II was necessary for SUNY Io have Ihc big
dciiionsiraiioii last year according Io Ticrncy. liccausc
ilic Governor slalcd Ihcn lhaI New York Slaic was fac-
cd wiili a SLR million dcficil boih dcmocrals and
republicans agrccd Ihal cuis had to be made

17>

 

State Quad parlyleads to

By Lisa Strain
crown/ammo rmrrm

Running ilic SIaic Quad Air band
parIy willionI ilic rcquircd Icin-
porary bccr pcrinil has rcsullcd in in
ref ral for dishon'csiy for former
Special liycnls Chair Ross Abclow,
said Vicc-l’rcsidcnl for Sludcnl Al'-
l'airs Frank Poguc.

According to l’ognc. Abclow
failed lo comply with ilic Ulll\’|.‘l\ll)'
policy of obtaining a temporary
hccr in nine pcrniil l'oi any alcohol-
i'claicd function in accordance wiih
Ihc Albany cily open coniaincr law.

Abclow had told Rcsideiicc
l)iiccloi Alan Longcndykc Ihai he
had a pcimil for Ihc Mulch l0 par-
Iy. bul ai'lcr Ihc parly “in «nor iI
was discoicrcd Iliai no pcrmii had
bccii obiaincd. l’oguc said.

“ll was my understanding ol
whal .loliii (Marlonc, Dirccloi ol'
Residcnlial l.ifc) said Ilial a pcriuil
had hccii granlcd I'or Ihc pally.
Al‘tci' Illc parly was oi'ci. llicy
(Rcsidcnlial l.ifc) found oul ilicrc
was no pcruiil." l’oguc said.

According io Abclow. in order
for a Quad Board'sponsorcd pally
in be approvcd. a spcciul i'unciioii
application with a temporary bccr
or wine pcrmil uliachcd in ii nuisi
he submitted 10“ ilic Office of
Rcsidciitial Life for approval.

The pcrmil musl he obtained
from Ihc alcoholic bcvcragc couli'ol
board of ilic Albany Coiiniy Liquor
Anilioriiy. Abclow said. ll is ilic
responsibilin of Ihc Special Eiciiis
Chair and Ihc Rcsidcncc Dirt-clot
lliiII ilic pcrmii and form bc approx.
cd bci'orc Ihc aciivily inch place.
A bclow said.

“Every piiriy in Ihc Ilagrooiu or
U-louiigc which we cliiirgc admis-
sion Io musl have it (Ihc pcrmil)."

 

referral over beer permit

said Abclow. He said he had «ub-
iiiiilcd ilic spccial cvcnis form to
Longciidykc \tithoui signing i1 and
said he would gcl Ihc pcrinil io
Longcndykc lulcr.

“I couldn't go down In gci il
Tllcsdil) (hel‘orc Ihc parly). I called
ilic Albany County Liquor Aulhori-
I_\' Wednesday and ilicy saidii was
loo slloi‘l iioiicc. A1 ihai poini lwas
lcfl wiill a choicc of 1clliug llic
diicclors I had no liccnsc. They
would not have lL'I us have alcohol
(ai lllc parry). ’lliai‘x Illcll‘ job."
Abclou ’said.

“I didii'l “am in canccl. l klit‘\\’l

ad I} acls tigncd up. lasi
\cmcslcr‘x aii band party iiiadc
SLAM) and l ligurcd Iliis would bc
just as big," Abclou said. .

Accoiding io Abclou. Longcn-
dykc had asked him scvcral hours
bcfoic Ihc parly if Iic bad Ihc pcr'
mil. “I said I'd get iI Io liim lalcr.”
Abclou said. “I ncvcr gavc iI io
him... he said aficr talking Io
Howie Woodrufl' (Residential Life
Arcu Coordiuaior) ihal he had no
choice hill in rcl'cr mc." hc added.

I’icsidciil of Siiilc Quad Board
.lon Harrison said, “I think Iliai we
should have had a liquor license bill
Ayc didn't. Thc dircclor did not do
his job in checking Io see if there
was it liquor license."

According Io Harrison. hc rccciy-
cd ii lciicr dated March I3 from
Loiigcndykc rclaicd Io ilic party
and spcciul funclion procedures.
The lcllcr oullincd specific pro—
blcnls iiilb ilic pariy including that
Ilicrc was no real proofing al Ihc
door and than Ihcrc wcrc loo many
pcoplc iii ilic flagroom.

“I agree ilial ihcrc were u lol of
problems with Ihc parry bul I i‘ccl

- 14>

 

 

Campus questions safety
in NYPIRG survey results

By Jim O’Sulllvan
l.I)IIflII'I.-l I. .i.\'\‘l.\‘ll-l.\'7'

Only 72 um of 207 women

surveyed said Ihcy always fch
safe on campus in response to a
New York Public liiicrcsl
.Rcscarch Group (NYl’lRG)
fsurycy rclcuscd Monday.
I In addition. an imprcssivc 93
'pcrccni of Ihc women said ihcy
.would like Io see ilic "Don’l
Walk Alone" Escort Scrvicc
resumed.

Oul of 328 rcspondcnis io ilic
survcy, 207 were women and “6
were mcn, NYPIRG'S womcns
Issues Chair Theresa Knorr said.
She added Ihai 84 percent of the
men surveyed also supporicd Ihc
"Don'i Walk Alone" program.

Rcl'crrlng lo the widespread
suppori for Don'l Walk Alone,
Knorr said. “ Ihat was astoun-
ding. Ihc numbers on that amaze
me. we're very pleased."

The Don'i Walk Alone Escori

‘Scrvicc proposal underwent a

nionih long piloi program lasl
.scmcsicr, during which over 400
students were cscorlcd from
Dulch Quad Io Ihc library and
from Ihc library to all poiiils on
Ihc upiowii campus.

The proposal is to be con-

sidcrcd by Ihc Women's Safely
Task Force slarling Tuesday.
allhough Incmbcrs of Ihc coin-
iniilcc hayc said thal ilic pro-
posal. containing an 85 page
rcpori. will probably be
dclcgalcd lo a \iib-coiiiinillce for
cxaminalion.

Knorr also said Iliat sludcnls
had called for ihc abplishmcni
“

“They (Student
Patrol) make
the students
nervous. ”

— Theresa K n arr

ol' the currcni Siudcni Pairoi
escort service. “They (Sludcnl
Patrol) make Ihc siudcnls ncr-
vous,"Knorr said. adding IliaI
sludcnls “\vnnI lhcni Io get rid
of Ihc current escort service and

rciusiaic Don'i Walk Alonc."
79 percent of ilic men
survcyctl said Ihcy always felt
(17>

 

 

 
 
 
 
     
 

