 

' v-f the Student Association can’t keep its own operations
under better control, the campaigns and upcoming elcc~
lions will degenerate into a political farce. The petty

political games plaguing SA are becoming less of a sideshow

and more of a main attraction, knocking valid eforts to ad-
dress real issues out of the spotlight.

And as the politicians and personalities continue to do bat-
tle. the ﬁnal casualty will once again be we students. who are
trying to make sense of this mess and put together a student
government which will serve our interests before serving its
own. .

The latest addition to this list of questionable incidents is
the mistake-ridden election issue of SA's The Student Voice
(see story, p.l). This journal should be makjng its delayed
appearance on campus today. Both the production of the
Voice and its page two editorial raise questions which are not
easily satisﬁed.

Several words and pieces of sentences were conspicuously
missing from the statements of SA presidential candidates
printed in the Voice. In Tim Hallock's statement, chunks of
deleted t‘ext made nonsense of two separate criticisms of SA
President — and candidate — Rich Schaf fer. these mistakes
managed to undermine the validity and effectiveness of
Hallock's entire statement. ‘

A similar mistake occured in the statement of Bill Me-
Cann. A sentence concerning “divisiveness in student
government" was effectively jumbled into obscurity. Again.

COLUMN

ue‘lmg the

fire-

criticism of the Schaffcr administration turned into harmless
drivel. , g '1
Among the other slight errors was a word missing from

' Schaffer's statement. Where he intended to write "There

isn't any bus fee this year. and possibly will not be any next
year." the word "possibly" was omitted in the Voice. Not a
major difference, but it could make Schaffer's claim more
politically successful.

Circumstances make it very difﬁcult to believe that these
mistakes Were indeed accidental. Were they attempts to make
Schaffer look better than his opponents? Or were they a ruse
to breed scandal and make Schaf fer look bad? Or were they.
amidst all the suspicious circumstances, simple production
mistakes? .

In any case, there is no excuse. If the statements were tn—

tcntionally altered for, political reasons. it would be slcczy
politics at its worst. If the errors were made inadvertently by
the staff of the Voice, then it is a case of gross and un-
forgivable incompetence.
Either way, this should never have been allowed to happen.
If there was one time when extra carefulness was required,
this was it. Those mistakes should never have made it into
mm The Voice had to be fair and accurate with the can-
didates' statements. it failed miserably.

The failure initiated by these unexplained "mistakes" was
compounded by an irresponsible editorial statement on the
second page of the Voice. The editorial was clearly slanted to
discredit Schaffer's opponents.

Part of the editorial reads: “All the potential candidates
should focus on the issues and their own personal attributes
— not the faults. real of perceived, of their opponents. Wt'
should all be looking at ideas for the future rather than
dwelling on the problems of the past.",

Although the intentions of these words may sccm true,

what they —— and the rest of the editorial — are saying is that
students should disregard what Schaffer's opponents are say-
ing as immature and. underhanded.
‘ The editors of the Voice have made it very difficult for the
candidates to carry on a fair campaign. As part of the ex.
ecutive branch of SA (the editor-in-chief was appointed by
Schaffcr). they should have been overly conscious of the
fairness and accuracy required of them during campaign
time.

This incident will only add fuel to the scaring ﬂame or pet-
ty politics which burns long and hOt in SA affairs.

Those who work in SA must inSUre that the campaign and
election remain outside this politcal frying pan. Between this
fiasco and last week's campaign posmr controversy, the
outlook, sadly, is for a messy week ahead.

Each incident traps the candidates further in a web of
useless personal entanglements. The accusations l'ly, lhc
politicians cry, and the students try to salvage cred
leadership out of this political muck. '

“The voters," pleads the Voice editorial, “must act
responsibly and elect the people who will do the best job."
Hopefully, those in SA will heed their own words. mcnd their
ways, and give the voters a chance to exercise their rights. I l

Toxics in our community

On a warm breezy afternoon, life for some New Yorkers
living in the vicinity of a landfill can become almost
unbearable. The problem however. is a lot more pervasive
that the stench in the air. for buried along with all that gar-
bage lies tons of toxic materials. These are substances that
cause cancer, birth defects, heart and kidney defects and
more; substances that many industries use today and aban-
don for a future generation to deal with. The problem is that
the future has now arrived -

Efrem Kann I

Toxic chemicals are leading into our lives in over 1,
places across New York State. in fact, the Capital District
has quite a problem of it‘s own with toxic polluters. There
are 93 known or potential hazardous waste sites in Albany
and the surrounding counties. These include municipal sites
such as the Albany landfill and private sites such as the N.L.
radio-active dumpsite and theGeneral Electric (G.E.) dump-
site. These sites illustrate'three different ways in which toxic
chemicals can enter the environme t.

The GE. plant, north of the cith in Waterford. is located
close to the Hudson River and has been suspected of releas-
ing P.C.B.'s (a carcinogenic chemical) into the water. As a
result, high concentrations of P.C.B.'s have been found in
ﬁsh taken from the river. in addition to causing fish to grow
large tumors, both wildlife and humans who eat the ﬁsh tend
to accumulate concentrations of this indestructable chemical
in their bodies. The State Department of Environmental
Conservation has even recommended that people eliminate
or limit their intake of certain speciaes of ﬁsh found in the
l’lVCl’

The Albany landﬁll. located two miles from campus, is
typical of many municipal landﬁlls. Often, these dumps con-
tain both household garbage and industrial wastes which
have been piled into artiﬁcial mountains. When rain water
hits the surface of such a landﬁll. it filters down through the
garbage and becomes saturated with whatever pollutants are
present. This water often continues to seep down through the -
landﬁll with its toxic load and enters the ground water which
supplies much of the drinking water of nearby communities.

At the N.L. Industries plant on Central Avenue (about

one-half mile north of campus) the substance that concerns
the community is radioactive Uranium. When the plant was
operating. its smokestacks were emitting radioactive particles
which came down on the houses of neighboring families.
N.L. also dumped material including spent fuel rods.
Haphazardly in the woods where many neighborhood
children were know to play. As a result of all this, many
homeowners will now have to suffer the upheaval of having
their from lawns dug up to prevent further exposure to their
families. This is being done at taxpayers expense through a
deal arranged by Senator Alfonse D'Amato. As in many
other cases, the corporate polluter has gotten off withou
having to pay a cent.

All of these dumpsites have one thing in common; they
contain cancer causing chemicals. The scientiﬁc comrnunity

The author is program direc/ar of N YPIRG a!  YA.

generally agrees that the majority of human cancers are en-
vironmentally induced. Also. estimates by the World Health
Organization (WHO) and the National Cancer Institute
(NCI) concur that approximately 90 percent of all human
cancers are chemical in origin. The incidence rate of cancer

has risen steadily with industrialization since tltc turn of the ,

century. At its present rate, cancer will afflict on out of every
three citizens in the nation some time during their lives.
With all we know about toxic chemicals, why hasn’t the
problem been rectified? There are several reasons for this in-
cluding the fact that many companies dumped illegally and
anonymously years ago. However, a much more glaring
answer lies in the fact that many government officials have
been reluctant to hold large corporations accountable for
their acts of toxic vandalism. The N.L. moved out of the
area. leaving its mess behind. When local community
members pushed the government to help them, Senator
D’Amato and Congress responded with a plan which will
cost this multibillion dollar company nothing. but will cost
taxpayers an estimated $l0 million. As a bonus, N.L. was
allowed to get rid of its contaminated property by selling it to


It smt nuclear Potter on Wallis
e .no e
nuclear waste. As a mulbl‘ttere are MW

homeless lam-eh ou’i lit
We.“

the government for $10.

This situation is not unique. Many people have been un-
succssl‘ul in getting local dumps cleaned up at all.

The best way to change this system is to keep the prcssutc
on our elected officials. Our state and federal lttynutkcn
must know that we will not stand by and watch ottr “\cs
bccomc contaminated. The New York Public ltttctcst
Research Group (NYPlRG) has been successful in thc pttst itt
its fight to make to make corporations more accountable.
The Comtnunity Right to Know law, which went inc
January lst of this year will make corporate records of dttm-
ping more accessible to the public. However. there is mot‘c to
be done. The NYPlRO Toxics Project will be spon ‘
Toxics Tour which will be leaving from the campu. ~
Saturday, April 28 at l2 noon. Students, community
members and elected officials will visit and learn first llittltl
from our tour guides about the dumpsitcs in Albany. 'l'ltc
tour is free and will end up at the N.L. site for It news ‘lll-
fcrence. describing measures to clean up New York. The
burden for keeping our environment clean should fall on lltc
polluters, not the victims.

{lull no matter halt many

ere Wa
or your Community have

alert acres can ,ttott’r you ftllou’t

The form below? I’t's a

‘ieﬁtlure ’tlta’t .

)0“? children/their Childrenantl‘lletrdultlten
will be able in Point to with pride better:

'--—————-——n——-—————--—————-—

 IM low—batch cf nuclearvtﬂ‘l’e!
I lane

lty M Zip——

FdéTER POISON ‘PRwRAM

—-—--I—-— ——-—-----—----—---—

 

 

 

