 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

as.“-  ,n . 5‘" 'r ,_ . 
Shirley MacClaine and Jack Nicholson have a disagreement in Terms Of Endearment. Aspects pick
of the year. Terms will walk away with Best Actress. Best Supporting Actor. Best Picture. Best Direc-
tor. and Best Screenplay (Adaption). and the only serious challenge to MacClaine’s bid for the Ac-

tress award is her co-star. Debra Winger. Either way. Terms is a winner.

The Big Chill was an impressive sleeper in both its humor. and its
s'uperior drama. Unfortunately for Chill, however. it is overmatch-
ed by Terms Of Endearment in both of those categories, leaving it
nowhere to go but home a loser. The Right Stuff was a triumphant
and inspiring film. but it’s appearance coinciding so closely with the
Glenn campaign will'hurt it as a serious candidate, and it seems a
bit too “macho” a film for Oscar’s feminist sensibilities.

 
   
  
  

 

 

 

laying the favorites this year in the Oscar race promises to make many hopeful bet- ‘

tors rich. There is little competition aurona the major categories. and the most impor-

tant contests would seetn to have a lock on them. if it wasn't for Lord Oscar's
documented fondness for confounding the [)tlltltr willr his choices. However. In an unusual
change of pace. this year's films atrd [)L’t'ftii‘lltdtttt.’s most likely to win are not only of high
quality. but they also. itr many cases. appear to [w the popular favorites as well.

One film which boasts conrrnercial populaun it e a major linimCiﬁI SUCCESS) imd meets
the Academy's exacting standards for dratnatit nontent as well.‘ has been pegged by
everyone to sweep tnany of the major awards |ht~ ititn (no surprise) is_ Terms ()1 Ifmft'ur‘
merit. The odds are. and deservedly so. that riax popular IaVorite will walk off with Best
Picture of the Year. although a good second that“: for the long-shot bettor would he The .
Dresser. which is almost sure to win if 'I‘mnrs Iiiailit'lril success Works against it itr the
balloting. . ,

I'lowever. it would take a strong surge he i L. .n enters to deny Shirley MacClaine her
award as Best Actress for her role as Aurora t at enway As the domineering mother itr
‘l‘ernis. MacClaine's performance has been ltttth't’irillv acclaimed. dlld ii l5 IW'II I” SL’L‘ any
of the other contenders even coming anyuhr-re near her iii the balloting

Terms will also give Jack Nicholson his flhl I'h‘x‘l Supporting Actor Award. the betting litre
says. If he does actually come up with the ()M M Nicholson will become only the seventh
actor iii the Academy's fifty~six year history to r ‘ilI an Oscar in both the Best Actor (for One
Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest). and Best Snpn Ming Actor categories. This may Work
against him. for Oscar is fickle: but Nicholson appears to us to be the type of actor that the
Academy would want included in the “Big Six

To top it all off. James Brooks cart bank on iao Oscars for Terms: one as Best Director.
and the other for Best Screenplay (Adaptiou) \\e'll have to go with the conservatives here
atrd predict that Terms Of findeartnent will at holly go as far as everybody seems to be say-
ing: we say it will sweep the major awards ll's hen nominated in. And will be fully deserv~
ing.

In other categories. tnost particularly those r t liest Actor and Best Supporting Actress.
the cotnpelition is much fiercer. but the ('Iittit'r . remain just as obvious. Robert Duvall. the
sole American candidate for Actor ('I'endt-r Aim. as). will have a furious battle against
Michael Caine (for Ifdticnting Rita). a respected ueteran actor who's been overlooked many
times before. In the end. however. the patnorr Academy will award the statuette to Duvall
Other close contenders are Albert Finney and I' m Courtenay ( both of The Dresser). but
any chance either man had of taking home thr tlscar faded when both were nominated.
Supporters of the film will split the bailottnig In tween the twu tnen. and Duvall will squeak
through to victory.

The award for Best Supporting Actress u-ill l'w claimed by either Linda Hunt or Cher.
who nearly stole the show from Meryl Streep in Silkwood. Hunt's portrayal of the
diminutive Billy in The Year of Living Donut-n nsly attracted critical acclaim. but little notice
at the box~office. as the film faded quickly (‘hrr has an advantage in that her performance
in Silkuiood was perhaps the biggest surprise o: the season. The Year of Liuing Dangerously
came close to being a classic of social commentary. but fell short due to it's muddled
politics. In addition. political films generally farv poorly in the ultra—political balloting of the
Academy. However. the film deserves sortretIi-nvi. although Cher's popularity. coupled with
her surprisingly excellent performance in Sifter ood. will make her the one to beat. We pick
Linda Hunt.

The remaining categories are for the most p it! useless fluff scraped together by the
Academy to sell more ad space and make llit' a .rit to Best Picture seem that much more
endless. However. we consider it safe to sat; tl:.ti Ingmar Bergman's swan song. Fanny And
Alexander. will win the award for Best Font-m. l ilm.

In summary. the Academy Award telecast wii do nothing but confirm what is already
common knowlege. Terms Of ffnrfearment t~ t‘tr‘ clear running favorite in the majority of
the more important categories. Johnny (‘arsorr will make all the Oscar quips in his
repetolre. and many popular "celebrities" ta trims and indulgent word) will stand before the
cameras reading hopelessly inane jokes with all the charisma of a dead fish. Three ex-
crutiatingly long hours of waiting later (after lltr‘ "Glittertones" perform the theme from
Flushdance.) we are finally treated to the winner»: a batch of Oscar recipients. People
cheer. mug for the camera. and pose for the waving audience. Instead of a simple presen-
tation. the awards ceremony has become an r'.‘.lt-3Vaga|izit. The Show Is the media event of
the year. Who cares? Why do we have to listen to lousy musicians vainly attempting to pm.
duce a competent reproduction of some star's hit 50119? Why so many damn Commercials?
Why such classic snobbishness?

God forbid the performers and films should be rewarded for their respective merits. Look
at the recent past. Henry Fonda won Best Actor for a wonderfully convincing and touching
performance in On Golden Pond. but Burt I.(l||t't ster was better. So 20 years from now.
when Lancaster does his swan song. the Acadeuly will undoubtedly feel they ow him
something. and award him an Oscar over a VIIUHQGY. more deserving candidate.

Remember the stupidity of Justin Henry (Ifm'tibr Us. Kramer)vs. Melvyn Douglas (Being
There) a couple .of years ago? How about Richard Attenborough's directorial Oscar for Gan-
dhi? He probably wasn't the best. but he‘d ith‘ﬁilfd twenty years of his life into the film. and
they felt they owed him something. But where does that leave Stephen Spielberg. overlook—
ed for Jaws. Raiders of the Lost Ark. Close Ifnro‘unters, and ET. By now. the “boy
wonder" must be resigned to a Life AchieVemeut award, to be collected some fifty years
hence. when he too lies on his deathbed. Such IS the nature of Oscar.

Much of the criticism expressed in the final portion of this article'deals with the past
blunders of the Academy (notice how we've managed to avoid mentioning the infamous
1978 Star Wars-Annie Hall debacle). However. this year‘s nominee's. and projected win-
ners. are a step in the right direction. For the first time in a while. the nominees are a blend
of fine quality and popularity as well. making the I984 Academy Awards_ provisional”
much more fun than the Oscars have been in a while.

by Ian Spelling
and John Keenan

 

 

1 .

s/ ,.

 

\\ I

Ingmar Bergman’s final film. Fanny and Alexander. is almost certain to win the Academy Award for
Best Foriegn Film.

 
     

 

  
  
   
   

Michael Caine and Tom Courtenay are both
strong contenders for the Best Actor Iaurels.
but we feel that the_/\cademy will tend to
favor Robert Duvall. who is the only
American in nomination. »

Linda Hunt's dramatic brilliance in the role of the dwarf Billy in
The Year Of Living Dangerously was a tour de force. It re-
mains to be seen whether or not her talents are sufficient to
defeat Cher. whose surprising ability in the more well-known
Silkwood make her the popular candidate.

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  

 
 

 

 

