 

 

 

 

Znsk» :

r.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Fighting the hike?

yhe Hike" lobby day for sending throngs of completely

uninformed students indiscriminately Into the offices
of state legislators. The organizers of this year's protest cf-
forts seem to have heeded our words, but'have carried them
to an unfortunate extreme, needlessly sacriﬁcing quantity for
the sake of quality. '.

As evidenced in the rally held on campus yesterday morn-
ing. there-are several problems with this year’s strategy to
fight Governor Cuomo's proposed tuition and dorm rent
hikes. Only sixty people shdwcd up. Out of them, twenty-five
signed up to participate in the lobby day planned for late
March. From this group. maybe fifteen will stick it out. Fif-
teen students.

L ast year. an ASP editorial criticized the massive “Fight

Fifteen well-informed students can be very effective. Fifty
would carry a lot more weight. And there is no reason this
rally had to yield such a paltry result. ‘

Fighting Cuomo'svproposed increases should be the top
priority of student leaders this year. On top of last year's
$400 hike. the present budget's $450 jump would mean a 47
percent increase in the basic cost of attending a SUNY
school. Even discgarding Cuomo’s betrayed campaign pro-
mises to maintain low-cost. high-quality education. his pre-
sent budget proposals are outrageous. and will ruin one of
the finest educational systems in the country. The fate ofthe
SUNY system rests upon the outcome of these proposals.

COLUMN:

With such stakes on the line, student leaders should be
organizing on a scale much greater than sixty people. Yester-
day's rally was poorly planned and publicized. Posters on the
podium are not nearly enough.

Students should have been reached on a much more direct
and personal level, and made to appreciate the momentous
signiﬁcance of this situation. Last year. the seeds of good
organization yielded a fruit of Well over 1,000 students. Quite
a contrast to yesterday's rally, which was one of the most

1 Meet the press

. \residential hopeful Jesse .Jackson, a babe in the
P nolitical woods. is learning about the game of politics.
Sunday night. Jackson appeared before a
synagogoue to explain the controversial anti-Semitic remarks
for which he had previously denied responsibility. in his ex-
planation, Jackson said that even though he used certain
language.,hc was not anti-Semitic. His argument was that the
statements were overheard by a reporter, and he was shocked
by the interest the press apparently has in his private conver-
sations. .
i Shocked? Was Jackson even surprised at the tremendous
publicity his trip to Syria produced? Jackson described the
statements as “something so small (that) has become so
large." Was he upset when reporters quickly scribbled down
every word of his private conversation with U.S. Navy flier

' ﬂ
uninspiring examples of student activism when it was most
sorely needed. -

lf scheduled and publicized properly, the rally could have
drawn hundreds of students who. over the next month. could
have been forged into an outstanding lobbying force. burr, in
terms of quantity and quality.

The idea behind this year's rally was a good one _ [0
create a core of informed student lobbyists. But there is no
reason that this strategy cannot be combined with last year's
success in drawing a mass of students to create an imprc55iyc
and intelligent protest. There is still time for SA and SASU to
reach out effectively, well beyond the scope of twenty five
people. '

But if yesterday's rally was any indication. we had bung,
start reaching into our pockets for that extra $450 which will
appear on next year’s bill. I I

Robert Goodman? No, but suddenly the Fourtlt Estate’s in-
terest in what he says surprises him. To our ears. this shock

soundsjust a bit naive. if not affected. Jackson made himself

a prominent public figure many years ago. He knew that an-
nouncing himself a presidential hopeful would only turn up
the heat.

The hesitation and the affected naivete indicate that
Jackson thinks he can handle the press on his own terms. We
think not. if he can assimilate this embarrassment and rc~
establish a brave. honest tone of voice. then Jackson will find
it easier to acltievc his goals. If not his crcdibility will con~
tinue to erode. in a democratic society. public figures must
answer to the people and to the press. This is a lesson Jesse
Jackson had better learn fast.

Black History Month part II

Second of a two part article

Slavery and the years of subjugation which followed it not
only forbade African-Americans any possibilities of assimila-
tion into the mainstream of American society. but also
militated against the retention of African heritage among
African-Americans in the United States. While the majority
of slaves came from West Africa. they represented many dif-,
ferent tribal and linguistic stocks and were not able to com- :
municate with each other. Confused, bewildered, and
shamefully brutalized. slaves had no recourse but everlasting
pain.

tnunity. in fact. special presidential counselor Edwin Meesc
still does not think poverty exists in America.

in the area of education. it has only been since 1954 that
African-Americans could get good quality used books.
Slaves were denied any sort of education, they were even
denied to read. the Bible in many instances. Upon emancipa-
tion. only a handful of African-American children attended
third rate schools. Struggling to stay alive. family members
were forced to work to sustain a living. leaving few African-
American children an opportunity to attend school. Still to-
day. many African-Americans are forced into illiteracy due
to obligations which take priority over education, such as

 

[Gerry Rolley

The plantation system implanted a subservience and
dependency in the psyche of the African-American that
made him dependent upon the goodwill and paternalism of
the white man. The more acquiescent he was, the more he
was rewarded within the plantation culture. Those who bow-
ed and scrapped for the white boss and pocketed their ag-
gresive feelings were promoted to “house nigger" or “good
nigger" status. ‘

it became a virtue within the system for the African-
American to be docile and nonassertive. 1f African--
Americans wanted to keep some semblance of employment
and a partially full stomach to survive. they quickly learned
“Yassuh. Massa." Passivity for African-Americans became
necessary for survival both during and after slavery, and. to a
large extent. remains prevalent today.

The lack of self-assertion has imbued devastating conse-
quences in terms of social and psychological behavior of
African-Americans. it has been found, for instance. that
African-Americans are less likely to go into business, par-
ticipate in politics. attend college, or take risky financial in-
vestments as members of other ethnic groups do without
hesitation. Most business executives and other sucessful in-
dividuals know that central to the entrepreneurial spirit is
assertiveness. self-confidence and the willingness to risk
failure in an innovative venture.

An entrenched incapacity to be aggresive would also ac-
count, to a certain extent, for African-Americans' below par
achievement in school. African-American girls, who are not
as threatening to whites and therefore not as systematically
crushed as African-American boys, have been found to ex-
ceed boys in academic achievement in elementary schoo'
studies to university studies. The pattern of behavior set for
young African-American children, particularly males, is
directly opposed to that upheld as masculine for the rest at
American youth. With our country's emphasis on in-
dividualism. creativity, and the idealization of the self-made
man, brutalization into passivity leaves the African-
American with a severe handicap. I

The vices plaguing African-American communities, as
previously mentioned. is directly related and can be traced to
the legacy of slavery. To be speciﬁc, for example, the brazen
hunger which exists in urban ghettos and rural slums today is
not very different from the hunger that African-Americans
experienced during slavery. Plantation owners did not see fit
to adequately feed slaves, due to their frightening notion of
the natural strength of AfricamAmerlcans and the
animalistic nature of dues. This fact. coupled with the
African-American inferiority myth, tagged on to Darwin's
“survival of the fittest" fallacy, has unleashed tremendous
blows to the development of the African-American com-

 

,. , and meeting family needs.

Division within the Black community has been a key
obstacle to overcome in enhancing the quality of life for
African-Americans. Booker T. Washington aptly described
the race, stating that we were like crabs in a barrel. that none
would allow the other to climb over. but on any such attempt
others would strive to pull back into the barrel the one crab
that would make the effort to climb out. Another repercus-
sion of slavery. African-Americans were pitted against one
another in areas of politics, employment position status.
educational level, skin complexion, and degree of obedience
to whites. The “divide and conquer” ideology played a ma-

jor role in frustrating and then fragmenting the Black corn-
munity, Isimiliar to the Bantustans in present day South
Africa.

Lastly, alcoholism in the African-American community is
beyond tolerable proportions. But even this problem is due
to the fact that slaves were constantly given alcohol on the
weekends to supposedly keep them "happy and submissive.“
Plantation owners felt that giving slaves large quantities of
alcohol would deter them from rebelling. in addition to keep-
ing them dependent upon the paternalism of the master.
Without detoxification programs or alcoholic unnonymous
programs. African-Americans were doomed to everlasting
alcohol dependency problems and remain so today.

Challenging the legacy of slavery is no easy task. Corr
sciouses must be stirred, attitudes must be changed. efforts
must be sincere. stereotypes must be removed. programs
must become strategic, and above all. love must be the
guiding principle.

it is hoped that this message will reinstill the (lashed hopes
and forgotten dreams of many African-Americans. and in-
form them that the legacy of slavery can be citallcngcd.
should be challenged. and must be challenged until every
American enjoys the stupendous virtues of “justice. liberty
and the pursuit of happiness."

 

"x I 

“CM YOU GOTTA sill“? RlEtii'l‘ BACK 1“. 0 YOU‘LL NEVER GET OVER 1T! ”

My

1’,
- »‘ ‘ ,, a

 

 

 

 

 

LETTERS ‘

Educate others I

To The Editor: .
Recently, the ASP printed a column about college
Republicans that we members believe was inaccurate and un-

. fair. and therefore would like an opportunity to respond. Be-

ing an organization which prides itself on its maturity.
responsibility. and dedication to intellectual debate. we
choose not to disect the column. line by line. (although inac-
curacies abound in almost every one). Rather, we wish to ex-
plain the nature of College Republicans.

First. as was implied in the column, we are not an election
year Johnny come lately. We have been a viable and active
organization on this campus for some time now. We owe
some of our strength to a network of College Republican
organizations spanning. the 'nation. including over a thou-
sand campuses and 150,000 dedicated students. All of this
would be useless if we did not have a goal. and a direction in
which to pursue it.

The goal is simple: we want to educate the American peo-
ple that the Republican Party can run our government more
efficiently that the Democrats who have controlled our
government for over a quarter of a century. We believe the

Republican Party has a lot to offer, but a voter can’t make .

an intelligent choice at the polls unless he or she knows
BOTH sides of every issue. That is our goal - fairly
straightforward. but not a simple task.

it is c'ommon knowledge that many of our colleges and
Universities are dominantly liberal. The reasons for this
could be debated, but are, in the context of this essay. unim-
portant. The fact remains that we have an uphill battle on
such campuses,- including SUNYA. Our‘f'trst task. then.on
such campuses. is to be noticed. We do this through thought-
provoking posters.

Once we have an individual’s attention. we expose him or
her to what we are all about. We want. above all. an
educated voter. not one educated with one side or the other.
but an informed person who can and will vote responsibly.
We accomplish this by sponsoring debates. getting involved
in campaigns, registering new voters. and getting guest

 

cﬂspectr-S

Established in "it
David LL. Lukln. Editor In Cir/cl
Patricia Mitchell. Managing Editor

. . . . . ..Stavo Fox. Heidi Gtalla
...Jarry Camplona

. .. . John Keenan
. Stephen Marks
. Jonas Nachsin

Torn Kaoandas
.Marc Barman, Keith Mardor
. . . . . . ..Marc Schwarz

News Editor] . . . , . . . . . . . . . ..
Associate News Editor
ASPocta Editor . . . . . . . . . .
AaaoclalaASPaeil Edito .
. Sound Editor. . .. ....
. Sports Editor . . . . . . . . . . . .
Associate Sports Editor: ..
‘ SPORTS Magazine Edllor ..
Editorial Papas Editor . . . . . ..
Copy Editors . . . . ..
Photography Editor ..

.Kolly Grover, Annette Perot
Ed Marusslch

. Mark Garner. Senior Editor

, Contributing Editors: Daan Botz. Dabble Judge. Mark Lavina.Galt Motrull,
.Wayno Poaroboom. Anthony Sllbor, Lisa Strain. Editorial Assistants: Jane
1 Anderson. Dean Chang. tart Clements. Jim O'Sulllvan. Stall writers: Aileen
Brown. Michelle Busher, Alicia Clmbota. Kevin Clarke. Betsy Ecknl. Flnbcrl
Gardiner. Ronald Brant Garatan. Adam Goodman. Ben Gordon. Robert Hayes.
Erie Hindin, Norma Koo. Michelle Kralt, Alice McDermott. Caryn Mlsko.
Suzanne Murphy, Alan Parker. Maddy Pascucci, Christine Rulioit. Joe
Romano. Shallah sable. David Singer. Michael Skolnick. Alan Somkin. tar
Spelling. Megan Gray Taylor. John Thorburn. Parry Tlachler. Kolttt Van Allen
iiano Wulnstoln. Mark Wllaard. John Wlllmott. Spectrum Editors: Ellen Flt
zqarald. Rina Young

Judy Total. Business Manager
Lynn Saravla, Associate Business Manager
Jlno Mir-ch, Rhonda WollAdverlis/ng Managers
Mike Krllrnor. Sales Manager

 

 

Billing Accountants . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Randaa Bahar
Payroll supervisor . . . . . Gay Pareaa
Clan-illed Me or ..  oanna Hamilton
Comm-thou .. .... ....... ..Jenny Block, Mark Catalano
I. David anlala, on Golden. Susan Klein, Stove Lalbar~
man. Mark Suaaman. Advertising Production: Lea Erickson, Deborah
Freeman. Elaine Frieder, Jeanna Gilbarg. Julie Mark. Ellyn Mute. Sharon
Okun. Lynne Slaaal. Ghuoialta Shube, Ellen Wlaaman. Oillce sun: Christine
Elnahl, Lindl Delgado. Marlarlo Roaonthal

Sue Pachlnaity, Producllan Manager

Chi-ll’ypouttar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Laneey HDYW'"
Pasta-up: Susan Kant, Sharon Mayhan. Deb Stokl. George latter, Typistqum
Capozzola. Cheryl Kaplan. Nancy Killian. Phyllis Lolkowltz. Rona Lowan-
braun. Scott Trondaoltar. chaullouu: Eric Dori. Steven Mankolf

Photocraphy principally supplied by University Photo Service, a student
(Oil .

Chlol Photographer: Susan Elaine Mlndich. UPS Stall: Amy Cohen. Sherry
Lao Cohan. ctndy Galway. Philip Hack. Kenny Kirsch. Rachel Lttwtn, Robert
Luckoy. Ed Maruaalch. Lola Mattaboni. Barry Hatchet. Llaa Simmons. Lauren
Slllor. Robert Souey, Erica Spolpal. Warren Stout. Jamoa Valentino. Jason
Zoppol

Entire contentl copyright Lo 1964 Albany student Prue Corporation. all
rights reserved.

The Albany Student Press is published Tuoadayo and Fridays hotwoon
Auguat and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent
not‘ior-proltt corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chloi with members of the Editorial
Board; policy is sublect to review by the Editorial Board. Columns are written

y members of the university community and do not nonnasnrtly represent
editorial policy. Advartiolnu policy does not necessarily relloct oditorlal
policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC .129
1400 Washington Ava.
Albany. NY 12222
(618) 457-8892352233”

 

 

 

speakers to address important issues. These are just a few of
our activities, but we feel they are representative of our.
overall program.

Anyone who has given College Republicans an objective
and in-depth look knows what we're about. We hope to
foster this kind of examination in the hope that open-minded
people will come to realize that there is an alternative to the
Stale ideas of other parties in this (as well as future) election
years.

— James J. Stanley

First hand view

To The Editor:

in the editorial last week, "What are They There For?."
the involvement of several parties was not correctly explain-
ed. Firstly we quote, "another question raised by this episode
is the role the Gay and Lesbian Alliance played in being
allowed to dictate the resolution of the conflict." The Gay
and Lesbian Alliance did not dictate the solutoin to this
misunderstanding. As a matter of chance we (Rod Silver.
Co-chair GALA and Mike Butler. President of The Social
Alternative) met several hours before the Central Council
meeting. Rod brough to light the issues with Mike. whom
with an open mind, soon understood how the name and
several purposes could be interpreted as offensive to Gala
and others. We came to a mutual understanding on the issues
and agreed to meet later to clarify the name and several pur-
poses. Gala's role in the whole shabang was simply to sen-
sitize the HA to Gala's concerns, which led to a very simple

1 solution of the problem. We worked together. as all should
have done. and with a quorum of HA atnendcd the constitu-

tion.

Secondly. we would like to thank members of the Central
Council who sought to clarify the problem and aided in its'
resolution. The article seemed to implicate them in the
"mess" and we from our vantage point would have to
disagree.

4 —Mike Butler
President. TSA

——Rod Silver

Co-Chair. GALA

Editor's note:

The editorial did not a! all intend to criticize GALA 's role
in [his affair. Rather, it clearly focused upon the inabiiily of
the Student Association to resolve the conflict. The editorial
did in fuel state that the concerns of GALA in this affair
were valid. and that the members of GALA and The Social
Alternative handch the situation sensibly.

No dichotomy v

To the Editor:

One can envision the situation now. Professor Wittner
steps up to his blackboard and draws his version of the
American economic “pie.” One of his students, Tim
Schultz, eagerly copies this “pic” without ever checking the
validity of his assertions.

Now take a deep breath and look at the real “pie.” No. 10
percent of ottr citizens do not control “something like" 75
percent of our “pie.” The top 20 percent of our population
earn about 43 percent of the income. the next fifth about 24
percent. the middle fifth about 17 percent. the next fifth
about 12 percent. and the bottom fifth about 5 percent.
(Source: Bureau of the Ccttsus, Current Population. Con—
sumer Income, Series P60, Jan., 1976) Richardson. (Urban
Economics, 1978) mentions that these percentages have not
changed much in thirty years. if “control” of wealth implies
something different titan the earning of income tltcn it is ex—
pedient to look at Uncle Sam. On the average. his spending
accounts for between 30 and 33 percent of national income
yearly (Source: Public Finance. Hyman. 1983) which makes
it rather difficult for anyone to control 75 percent of our in-
come.

Perhaps it would be a great matter of concern if these in-
come sharcs were very stratified. i.e., that it is impossible to
move into a different income group. in the United States is it
not possible to become a doctor, a lawyer, or an engineer
with hard work and decent grades? Are you stuck in the same
share you parents were?

Schultz states that medical care is not “a crass economic
good, it is one that l and millions of Americans can not af-
ford." To him 1 must pose the question: if you can’t afford
medical insurance now, ($111.00 student health). then how
will you be able to afford to pay your “U.S. National
Health" insurance tax bill when it arrives in the mail every
month? Secondly, perhaps you would like to tell millions of
American workers that their employers will no longer be pro-
viding the non—taxable fringe benefits of private. high-quality
medical insurance.

Thus far 1 have noted that the proponents of socialist
economic policies who have responded to my letters are
quick to label someone who uses economic tools to anaylize
socialist economic policies as “right wing" or a supporter of
Ronald Reagan. Personally i would no more join the Young
Republicans than the Democratic Socialists of America. The
socialists are quick to yell “free medical care," “government
owned utilities," and "we will make life better." but rarely
do they mention who will lose and who will gain. They fear
what they might find if they opened Economics, by Lipsey
and Steiner. Thcy promise us that if they were in power there
would be justice, equality, and a fine economy. No. their
politicians would not be subject to special interest grouos.

politich pressure. or fight: lpCongi-eu. They Would tax‘only
the "greedy capitalist" and help the poor. They never men-
tion the horrible tax burden of their policies on the middle
class.

Finally. they maintain that economic freedom and political

'freedom can be neatly sliced apart, with no loss in either

area. Perhaps a citizen of England would love to hear this ex-
planation when he is unable by law to privately purchase a
home in his Labour-Government run county of England. or
.rhaps when he realizes that his taxes go to help run the
iotts Royce plants. a car he doesn't even like. No gentlemen,
pol..icai and economic freedom can not be neatly split,
unless of course we revise the Declaration of independence,

something the French. Swedes. or Finns do not have.
— Timothy L. Taylor

Peace now

To the Editor:

in the continually unfolding drama which permeates
lsraeli society and especially lsraeli politics, the resounding
voices of various demontrators can be heard in the streets
throughout the country. Born primarily out of the frustra-
tion surrounding the intransigence of both Arab and lsraeli

leaderships, the “Peace Now" movement has arisen as the
leading spokesman for political moderation within the
Jewish state. However. the continued non-affiliation with an
lsraeli political party and the name “Shalom Achshav"
(Peace Now). converted from a slogan into their organiza-
tion title by the media. has often caused much confusion as
to their true stated goals and objectives. especially with the
American Jewish community.

Herein the Capital District a regional chapter of American
Friends of Peace Now was established almost two years ago.
As a local afﬁliate we feel an obligation to present our point
of view summed up in the following statement of purpose:

“To create an organiztion that is generally supportive of
the lsraeli movement know as Shalom Achshav/Peacc Now
and related lsraeli peace movements; to publish papers.
organize seminars and other special events regarding the role
and perspective of the peace movements in lsracl; to support
the mutual recognition of the rigltts of lsraelis and
Palestininans to national self-determination as a key element
for peace in the Middle East; to reﬂect in its documents and
actions a deep commitment to lsraeli security and to the
struggle against anti-semitism as it relates to the Middle East
conflict; to encourage lsraeli-Diaspora dialogue and build a
base among American Jews; and to encourage widespread,
thoughtful discussion of issues relating to these purposes,

particularly within the American Jewish community."

AS is clear, Peace Now both in lsrael and the United
States, is not a rejectionist movement. but rather a pro-
gressive organization committed to lsraci's survival both
physically. and perhaps to a greater extent. spiritually. We
hope to offer those people concerned with the complexities
surrounding the question of a Jewish state an opportunity to
learn more and actually contribute in such a way that the
strategy for the future will avoid the mistakes of tire past.

—— Ron Brawer

N o confidence

To the Editor:

1 have started this letter tltrcc times. 1 have been trying to
respond to Gette Damm’s letter. “Economic Balloting." in
the February third issue oftltc ASP. litavc been trying to res-
pond to this letter with self control. 1 have also stopped
writing tltrcc times. 1 have found that loan not respond to his
letter with no emotion.

Mr. Damm, 1 feet you have given the American people a
vote of no confidence. 1 for one feel that you should take a
much harder look at the American people. The people of the
United States do not elect a president on the simple economic
basis you suppose.

1 did not realize that Franklin Roosevelt was a Republican.
However. according to you that would be the only way he
could have been elected during the worst economic depres-
sion of the twentieth century if not the entire U.S. history.
F.D.R. should not have been elected during a “bad time."
Yet he was elected not once but four times.

This year's presidential election is only a few short months
away. Once again the people of the U.S. will be called upon
to use this great political system called Democracy.

Wake up. Mr. Damm, the people are ttot going to decide
on the best man purely because he is a Republican. or a
Democrat. Nor are they going to elect him onga purely
“economic ballot."

They are, however. going to elect the man they feel best
qualiﬁed to run the country over the next four years. i will
admit that the choices have not always been the best; but i
think the key word is choice.

Being a Democrat i must say 1 feel some loyalty to my par-
ty. However. 1 must point out that I will cast my vote for the
best man for the job, the man who best demonstrates to me
that he can lead this country. At this early stage of the elec-
tion year that man seems to me to be Ronald Reagan.

1 hope, Mr. Damm. that your letter will never be put into
practical use. it would be a sad time indeed if the people in
this country started to elect presidents on a I purely
“Economic Ballot," as you suppose. it would mean to me
that Americans had given~up caring about the land we live in.
l for one will not allow myself to take such a dim View of our
great country.

— James K. Syruull

 

