W Mtg-LW-f‘uuésai—d .LC..,_s-.a+..W

‘ wwmm STUDENT PRESS El TUESDA I’. JANUARHI. 1984

 at. Cortland ' Invitational

«A .. .

By Tam Kacin es.
smnsemmk I g
4 People,talk,,a lot about "'next.
'year" when a‘young team shows
promise‘ and sometimes things just
' don’t turn out the way you think
they would. ‘
Last year the Albany State men’s
indoor track team compiled ar7-l
dual meet record, finished third in
' the SUNYACs. seventh at the State
Championships, and lost only three
members to graduation. Things
looked pretty good for I984. ’
This past Saturday. the Danes

finished a distant fourth at the Cor-
tland Invitational behind Cortland,
Alfred University, and Ithaca Col-
lege. beating only SUNY Bingham-
ton_ despite some superior in-
dividual performances. The ﬁnish
can be explained simply: this. year's
Danes are good, but there just
aren’t enough of them.

One of the things that made the ‘

'83 Danes so tough was the depth
and quality of the sprint squad.
Runners such as triple-record-
holder Eric Newton, Mike Riggins,
Jeff Jackson, Winston Johnson.

a and Darren‘Pratt are not competing

this year ‘for a variety of reasons,
academic demands among-them.
C’est la-vie in Division III. As a
result. the remaining sprinters have
to run in two and three events in
order to represent the team.

Take Pat Saccocio for example.
Sattjrday. the stocky junior ran in
the trials. semis, and finals of the
55-meter dash where he placed se-
cond in what he called "a very com-
petitive field" in 6.4 seconds. Sac-
cocio then came back to save the
ﬂoundering 4x400-meter relay with

Gymnasts lose to Ithaca, 167-153

By John Parker

The Albany State women’s gym-
nastics team took their 1-0 mark on
the road to Ithaca Saturday hoping
to keep their record unblemished.
But as it turned out, it was jyst a lit-
tle too much to ask, as they were ef-
fectively outscored in a ﬁercely
competitive contest, 167.l to l52.7.
Although the scoreboard gave the
bottom line, Albany coach Pat
Duval-Spillane said the real story
seemed to be the personal victories
which the Great Danes accomplish-
ed. ’

“In the all-around competition,
we placed three competitors over
the thirty-point plateau. which is
extremely good for so early in the
season, and also many of the girls
were able to better their own in-
dividual scores in each event, a fact
that makes all the hard work wor-
thwhile. Also. our team score is
almost up to the average of last year
and that's a great sign in itself." she
said.

The scoring in the all-around
category for Albany State included

Brenda Armstrong registering a
3I.25, third overall, followed close-
Iy by tri-captains Virginia
Lockman. 3l.05, and Elicia
Steinberg. 30.45.

Armstrong, a sophomore. started
her high-scoring in the uneven
parallel bar competition by scoring
an 8.0. Last year as a freshman, she
broke an Albany State record with
an 8.4. and this year, although it's
still early. may be another record-
breaking season. Among the other
leaders, in the event were Lockman
and junior tri-captain Anne
Thamasett.

Armstong continued to dominate
on the balance beam by placing se-
cond overall with a mark of 8.05.
Seniors Elicia Steinberg and
Lockman followed respectively in
the scoring.

The floor exercise was another
event where the versatile Lockman
and Steinberg combination excell-
ed. Each gymnast scored an 8.45 to
tie for the top spot among the Dane
gymnasts. Lockman, a senior
transfer from Nassau Community

College, was a junior college All-
American two years. the same year
Steinberg achieved All-American
status here at Albany. Karen Bailey,
a promising sophomore. scored an
impressive 8.4 in the competition.
followed by junior Lynn Saravis’
high-spirited routine which
registered an 8.l.

The vaulting competition proved
to display Albany’s depth as they
placed five of the top eight scores in
the event.

Although the loSs does even up
the Danes' record at [-1, coach
Duval-Spillane seemed somewhat
satisfied.

“Many of the girls have made
great progress this year. and with a
tough team like lthaca all I could
hope was that the girls tried their
best, and they didn't let me down,”
said the coach.

The Danes’ next meet will be
home Tuesday at 7:30 against Smith
College. Saturday they will host a
tri-meet with Brockport State and
Bryn-Mawr College. El

. James

an outstanding anchor leg, finishing

a third where he got the baton a dis-

tant fourth. His split time of 51.4
seconds was considerably faster
than the winning time in the open
400-meter dash. Four races in one
day will be Pat Saccocio's lot all
season long.

Last'week at Williams. he won
his heat of the dash, recording the
best time for the ﬁnals. then won
the open 400-meter by diving over
the line. The finals of the dash
followed immediately, but Saccocio
could not compete because he was
hyperventilatlng too much to stand
up. In order to meet their goals, the
Danes are going to have to knock
themselves out every weekend.

The man the crowd will be wat-
ching all season is Ed McGill. Com-
ing off an excellent cross-country
season. McGill ﬁgures to be a fofce
in New York State Division III
track this year. Saturday, he led the
5,000-meter run through the first
two miles trailed by lthaca standout
Quinn. McGill slowed
abruptly and forced Quinn, who
has a strong kick, to set the pace.
Unfortunately, the move came too
late. Because of the slow pace
earlier. Quinn was still strong
enough to win from the front,
crossing the line in l5:35.7 to
McGill's l5:35.9.

In the day’s last open event, the
3.000-meter run, McGill recorded
another superior effort. After a
slow first mile. McGlll moved into
first and began to force the pace,
pulling away from another lthaca
contender, James Goodenough.
McGill was unable. however, to
hold off Russel of Alfred. who had
won the l,500 earlier and had to set-
tle for second place.

It looks like 1984 will be a banner
year forjunior Marc Mercurio. who

W... ._.._. .. _,.

is my pick ‘to win both the
SUNYACs 'and the States In his
event, the 35-lb. weight throw. This

’time last year,‘ Mercurio was still

learning what to do with the weight;
now he is chewing up his competi-
tion as he perfects his iechnlque. At
Cortland, Mercurio beat his nearest
competitor by more than four feet
with his-toss of 49'3.5" and set a
new meet record in the process. It
will be interesting to see if anyone
will even get close to him all season.

Sophomore Bruce Van Tassel is
another. continuing success story.
Showing a sort of poise one rarely
sees in freshmen, Van Tassel won
nearly all his races last year and
finished fourth at States. This year
he's been able to win while slowly
returning to top form. In a very
tough final heat Saturday. Van
Tassel beat out Mormile of lthaca
at the tape, though both were clock-
ed at 8.0 seconds.

Key to the Danes' success this
year will be the development of the
younger runners and those that had
been overshadowed by since
departed talent. Senior Andy
Callari is one of the Danes trying to
fill some big shoes through ltard
work and determination. Callari
was able to take fourth place among
a field of talented 'sprintcrs in the
400-meter dash with his time of
:53.6 seconds.

Junior .lim Erwin was the last
runner to finish at Saturday’s meet.
As anchor of Albany's hurting
4x800-meter relay, Erwin got the
baton more than a lap behind the
other teams. He went out very hard
in order to get Albany “unlapped”
and finished tough to record a very
solid split time of 2:04.4.

Team Results: Cortland. 77.5;
Alfred. 72; Ithaca. 62.5; Albany,
36; Bingbamton, 22.

 

855 Central Ave.
Albany, I.Y. 

New York City style sandwiches,
homemade soups and salads. ‘

CA TERHVG.

‘ 1 FREE
Glass of Draft Beer

(With coupon below and purchase of a sandwich)

at

DELI WORKS

Fine Food and Spirits

CALL 489-7953 or 489-7 965 for
TAKE OUT SERVICE and

 

ID _
9| 1R! announces its
GE N ERA L INTEREST

NIEE TING
Wed., Feb. 1
at 8:00 PM, in LC2'

All who wish to get
involved in any aspect of

1 FREE Glass of Draft
BEER
with purchase of a sandwich
COUPON

Redeemable only
at the Dell Works

 

 

Proper l.D. required

FREE
e

Real Whlpp d Cream Cake

for every party platter for 10

or more people
COUPON

Redeemable only
at the Dell Works

 

 

the radio station
are encouraged to attend.

See you there !

SI FllIllEll

 

 

r

B Dean Chang
EDITORIAL ass/sum

Earlier this season. it appeared that the
Albany State men’s junior varsity basketball
team would have a problem rebounding; not
one player stands above 6'4". Saturday
night's 82-66 victory over CSR’s varsity
demonstrated the Danes' ability to outre-
bound its opposition. despite their disadvan-
tage. v

One of the keys to Albany’s new-found re-
bounding success is Rich Chapman. Since his
arrival five games ago, Chapman has added
needed muscle to the Danes' lineup. Satur-
day’s game gave Chapman a chance to
showcase his talents. On the offensive
boards. Chapman kept the ball alive. often
scoring baskets on follow-up opportunities.

"Rich is a terror on the boards," said
Head Coach .lim Boland. "He‘s a great
defensive rcbounder. In the short time that
he's been here. Rich has already established
himself as a team leader on tltcvcourt.”

Against CSR, the Danes needed all the
brawn they had; CSR played a very physical
game. Throughout the contest. the players
exchanged words. elbows, and almost pun-
ches. Midway through the second half.
Albany's Kevin Mann went down hard on the
court. He suffered a large gash over his right
eye and was admitted to St. Peter‘s Hospital.
Ten minutes later. Dane guard Andy O'Con-
nell got involved in an altercation that cleared
both benches.

“It started when he (the CSR player) gave
me an elbow downcourt,"said O'Connell.
“The next thing I knew. that guy hooked my
elbow and we both went down."

The game was a bit too physical for Assis-
tttnt Coach Kurt Walton’s liking. “When
you see someone landing on the court every
time downcourt. somcthing's wrong," said
Walton. “The referecs' job is to keep control
of the game. They've got to be consistent:
they can't be lenient early on and expect
perfect behavior."

For ntost of the game. the Danes kept their
minds on basketball. CSR kept the game
close for the first 10 minutes. but never

JV Danes top St. RoSe i

 

 

seriously lchallengcd for the lead after that.
With the score l4-l0 in favor of CSR, the
Danes were on the short end of a 3 on I. In-
stead of going up by six. CSR was thwarted
by Curtis Oliver. the lone Dane back on
defense. The next time CSR had the ball,
Chapman came from nowhere to block a
sltot. Spurred on by the fine defensive plays,
the Danes reeled off l2 consecutive points to
take the lead for good. Behind the strong in-
side. play of Chapman and Oliver and the
long-range shooting of Freeze Storey,
Albany took a 49-32 halftime lead.

The Danes kept the pressure on well into
the second half, keeping a comfortable lead
for most of the half. With five minutes left.
Coach Boland removed his starting team,
something he‘s been doing with regularity the
past few games. This time it almost
backfired. Thanks to a' three - minute
Albany mental lapse. CSR managed to cut
the lead down to l2 with two minutes remain-
ing. In came Chapman. O‘Connell and
Storey.

"I put Rich in because we were getting beat
on the boards." explained Boland. “I also
wanted guards in there who could handle the
ball down the stretch. I expect a lot from
Duane and Scott (point guards Corley and
.lankes). When they lead the team well. the
team looks good.

“These lapses are wltat give coaches gray
hair. We got a little disorganized and CSR
jumped all over us." continued Boland. “We
can’t afford to get overconfidcnt when we
ltavc a lead. We've got a lot of players with
talent but we can‘t go onc-on-onc all the
time. When wc play as a team. wc’rc great.
But during that lapse, we were trying to tttkc
it to the basket whether it was available or
not."

One thing the Danes do well is pass. Usual-
ly Corlcy will make the perfect passes. but
Storey filled his shoes against CSR. Storey
made some beautiful passes inside; on one
play. he drew the defense to him and threw a
blindsidc pass to Chapman. “Freeze played
one of his better games." said Boland. “One
thing I did like was the way we moved the
ball."

'g'wwsxz. ' ._

,

 

rues'oa y, JANUAanI,'1934 u ALBANY sruoervrivkass

" ﬁght’ma'rediconte'st

l.’ .

 

 

ED "ARUBSICH UP

Duane Corley. here in earlier action against RPI, will lead the JV Danes lnto their
rematch against the Engineers Wednesday.

RIM SHOTS: Chapman played his best game
of the year against CSR. He scored 20 points.
grabbed ll rebounds and blocked 5 shots.
Oliver also had a strong game. scoring It!
points and soaring nine rebounds...0'Con-
nell recovered from a poor first half to play
an excellent second half...Mann received 25
stitches and must wear a head bandage until
he sees a plastic surgeon. He could return to

Grapplers topple Hunter, lose to St.

By Marc Berman
ASSOCIA re sport 1x lilll TOR

Victors in their ﬁrst ntch of the afternoon
over Hunter College, Ill-l6, the Albany State
wrestling team put up a valiant effort in their
second meet against injury-ridden St.
Lawrence University. before succumbing to
the number two ranked team itt Division III.
35-20. ’

When Albany State's second triangular
meet of the season was done with. the Danes
were staring at a 9-4 record. St. Lawrence,

which swept both matches on the day. ex-
tended their clip to l2-2 and remain ranked
second in Division III.

The Danes went into tltc Saturday tri-mcet
without tltc scrviccs of l34 pottnd John
Bttlog. who rushed home for personal
reasons. But the loss of lining httd no effect

on the Httntcr match because tltc Manhattnn- .

based school forfeited that weight class.
Dane coach Joe DcMco expected a victory

over R-IO Hunter and wasn't tltc least bit sur-

prised afterwards. “We should'vc bcutcn

 

Sports Briefs

Upcoming events

The Albany State men’s basketball
team will be taking on another SUNYAC
East Opponent. Plattsburgh University,
tomorrow night at the Cardinals gym at 8
p.m....Thc women's basketball team will
also be on the road tomorrow night, in
Binghamton, to face the Colonials at 7
p.m....This afternoon at 4 pm. tltc
mcn's swimming learn will host cross-
town rival RPI. at tltc University
Gym...Thc Albany State wrestling team
will be home tomorrow night to bottle
Western New England inn duttl mcct stttr-
ting at 7:30 p.m....Thc junior varsity
httskctbttll tcum l'ttccs RPI in Troy, tipol‘f
titttc, 7:00...Thc women‘s swimming tcttnt
lrttvcls to liittghttmton for n tncct versus
tltc (,‘oloniuls, tomorrow nigltt...Tltc
women's gymnastics team will compete
ttgttinxt Smith College. tonight itl 7:30
pm.

.
CfOUtlBl' sets record
Dunc point gourd Donuv (‘rotttict
hrnkc tltc ttll-timc Albany Sltttc record for
cttrcct assists when he pttsscd for In ol

 

them in Snturdtty night‘s contest at
Potsdam. leaving him with a total ol‘415.

(‘routicr's cttrccr ttssist total surpassed
tltc old mark of 406 set by former Dunc
Gttry Trcvctt. who played at Alhttny Stttlc
from l973-77.

Crouticr will now set his sights on
breaking tltc single season assist record of
IS} also set by Trcvctt itt l974-75. After
tltc Potsdam game. (‘rottticr has ac—
cumulatcd I34, only l9 shy of tying tltc
record. '

 

UPS
Danny Croutler set an Albany State
record for career assists.

them by more," said DcMco.

The Danes got off quickly. taking a 16-0
lead after tltc first three matches.

It started off with freshman llil pound
Shawn Sheldon romping Fabian Thompson.
19-4, giving Albany State a 5-0 lead.

Thcn. .luttior All-American Dave Averill
annihilated Hunter's Rob Peterson in a lop-
sided battle that would have bcctt stopped if
the sport was boxing.

Following I34 pound Greg Stockcl’s forfeit
victory. tltc Danes suffered their first loss of
tltc day wltcn little-used Howard Fritz wasted
tt 5-2 lead when he ran out of gas midway
through the second period and wound up on
his shoulder blades with 43 seconds left in the
middle period. Fritz, who has only wrestled
in two meets this season, had complained of
light-headedness prior to the match.

150 pound Glen O’Connor upped the
Danes' advantage to I9-6 when he scored a
courageous 4-3 defensive struggle over Matt
Hawkins. O‘Connor was wrestling with a less
than fit knee in the third period. but still
managed to hold on to the lead by using
almost all of his allotted two minute injury
timeouts.

Back-to-buck dcfcttls by Jerry Clark and
Paul Fcltman pulled Hunter within l9-l3.
but that was as close as the Manhattan school
would come.

177 pound Sandy Adclstcin put tltc mcct
out of reach-with a sensational pin over a
stunned John Shaffer with 40 seconds re-
maining ill the opening period.

“I wasn't looking for tltc pin," said Adcls-
tcin afterwards. “I was looking to beat hint
on points and then it just happened."

ltt setting their goals for tltc ncxt tttcct vcr-
sns St. Lawrence. DcMco ltttd said he lttttl
hoped to keep it close.

And that‘s exactly what happened. The
Dttncs were down just 23—20 going into tltc
next to last tttatchup, httt were unable to pull
out tltc 190 pound httttlc.

action in one week...G.T. Sweeney ag-
gravated a knee Injury that has been giving
him problems all year...Albany shot an im-
proved 70 percent from the llne...The Danes'
record stands at l0-2...Albany travels to RP]
tomorrow night to try to sweep this year's
series. RPI will be looking to avenge the
til-51 rout it suffered to Albany last Wednes-
day. D

Lawrence

A cause can be ntade of why the meet was
so close going into tltc I90 pound match. Ac-
cording to St. Lawrence Coach John Parker.
six out of tltc l0 St. Lawrence wrestlers were
out of tltc line up, including two All-
Americans. All six of tile injuries came dur-
ing a four day span before and after lllc New
York State Championships at Binghamton
held on January 20.

Albany State jumped out to a il-O lead
aided by a Sheldon forfeit win and an Averill
shutout victory. l3-O.

At 134 pounds, tltc Dattcs were forced to
forfeit because Fritv had been complaining of
light-headednesr.

O'Connor was then pinned by Rick
Spalding in the first minute of the ﬁrst
period to boost St. Lawrence to its first lead,
I2-II.

l58 pound Clark blew a 5-2 lead for
Albany and wound up losing Iii-5.

Down 23-“. the Danes began chipping
away at tltc lead by winning a decision victory
by Adelstcin and taking a forfeit victory in
favor of Feltman.

This pulled the Danes within 23-20 with
I90 pouttd senior Mark Goosens standing on
the mat looking to tie tltc score or give
Albany State tltc lead. But Goosens, who was
making his ﬁrst appearance of tltc season,
was up against a talented wrestler in Dun
Dischinvo. Dischinvo scored a pin with 1:36
to go itt tltc first period. preserving the St.
Lawrence victory.

TAKE DOWNS: The return of Ed Glecsun is
expecting to spark the Danes In their next
meet. tonight against Western New England
at the University Gym...St. Lawrence beat
llunter iri tltc first . meet of the day
30-]7...Huntcr cottclt llob Gunden looked
more like tut injured wrestler than ll couch as
be was parading thc'sldcllues with crutches
ntnl it cost on ltls lcg...liu|og is expected to
return to tile lineup tonight. Cl

 

 

 

