.c, ._ -W

.P/‘,’ ‘
ﬂ ..

 

. _ . ﬁﬂpcquﬁ-y‘)‘;

{‘h‘

 

 

 

 

By Keith Marder'

assocm rs spams corms
The Albany State men's basketball team is
now in control of their own destiny.
, After defeating the Potsdam Bears 62-56 in
an overtime game Saturday evening the

Danes can. by winning their two remaining '

conference games. assure themselves a spot in

the SUNYAC playoffs.

In a game‘that was reminiscent of many in

a long list of Albany-Potsdam matches, the

two teams battled each other for the 45 most

important minutes of the Danes’ season.

Albany took charge of the game behind the
offense of freshman Adam Ursprung. He has
been having problems on the offensive end
recently but seemed to snap out of it when
the game was on the line. Ursprung had a 15
point performance, 13 of which came in the
second half.

Ursprung accounted for eight of the
Danes’ l0 points in a 2: l0 span that saw them
turn a. 38-34 deficit into a 44-40 advantage.
His points came from inside. outside and
from the foul line.

“Ursprung played great.” said Albany
Head Coach Dick Sattcrs. "He was tight at
the start, then he finally relaxed and he just
played great."

“When Doc took me out with about i2
minutes left." recalled Ursprung. "l was real
upset with myself. He said.‘don't worry
about your shot, just shoot it.‘ i didn‘t think
it would sink in. but maybe unconsciously it
sunk in. i just went out there and hit my next

~ shot and after that it just went my way."

After Potsdam cut the Danes" lead to one
at 44-43 on a Pat Crawford shot. Dane point
gttard Dan Croutier took over. scorittg the
next four points to extend the Albany lead to
five. 48-43.

Crawford answered right back and team-
mate Roosevelt Bullock scored to cut the
Albany lead to one. 48-47 with 3:18 left in the
game.

The Danes turned the ball over and gave
the Bears :1 chance to take the lead. But
following a missed shot. Crawford fouled
Ursprung. who responded by hitting the bot-
tom of the net on both of his foul shot-at-
tempts.

Potsdam then got a break, as Ed
Okuniewski hit a lay-up and was fouled with
lz43 left. tying the score.

Albany set up the ﬁnal shot of regulation.
a jump shot from deep in the‘corner by Dave
Adam at the buzzer, which missed to force
theuovertime period. '

The Danes wasted no time in the overtime.
Just 30 seconds elapsed off the clock when
Ursprung hit Wilson Thomas with a back
,door pass which resulted in a layup. After
Crawford missed a layup of his own.
Croutier hit Ursprung with an identical back
door pass and Albany led 54-50 with 3:40 re-
maining." , _

The Danes played effective kcepaway for
the rest of the game. ‘When the Bears were
forced to foul them they hit the necessay foul
shots which accounted for the final dif-
ference of 62-56.

“The two quick baskets in overtime that

let us control it were important," said

- Snucrs. “i would have hated to chase thctn
arOund in four corners the way they had to
chase us around." -

in the first half neither team took charge as
Potsdam uncharacteristically walked the ball
upcourt on offense. This. along with a com-
bined 35 percent shooting from the field.
seemed to account for the low halftime score
of 23-22 in favor of Potsdam. But, in the se-
cond half. even when the Bears tried town
the score was also low (28-27 Albany).

“We know each other's offenses too
well." said Saucrs, explaining the low scoring
game.

So now it is on to Onconta Wednesday
night for the Danes. if they win it they will be
just one victory away from post-season corn-
petition.

HOOP-LA: Ursprung added game-high ll
rebounds and 3'assists to his game-high is
points. “He (Ursprung) was by far the best
rebounder on the court," beamed
Sauers...'l'hree other Danes scored in double
figures: Thomas. ll; Adam. ll;
Croutier,10...Croutier also added three
assists... Doug Kilmer was celebrating his
Zist birthday Friday night. El

Albany’s Adam I' . ,héda ‘

and grabbingtt rebounds In the Danes' 62-56 win.

ED MARUSSICH UPS
, night, scoring 15 points

game “

Four wrestlers qualify for NCAA tournament

By Marc Barman
ASSOCM TE SPORTS EDITOR

in an impressive showing. four Albany
State westlers qualiﬁed for the National
Championships this past weekend when each

placed in the top three of their respectch
weight classes at the SUNYACs held at
Potsdam.

The Danes. who placed fifth overall out of
the 8 SUNY teams present, will be sending
126 pound All-American Dave Averill. iiB
pound freshman Shawn Sheldon. 158 pound
Jerry Clark, and W7 pound Sandy Adclstein
to the National Tournament. held this season
at Blnghamton Feb. 24 and 25.

For Averill, this marks the third straight
year that he has qualified for the Nationals.
Hts second place finish doesn’t transcend last
year’s first place finish, but he wrestled in the
lighter “8 pound division in the l983
SUNYACs.

Freshman Sheldon and sophomores Adcls-
tein and Clark will all be wrestling in their
first National Tournament. Sheldon’s second

place ﬁnish was expected. but for Adclstein.
who finished third, and Clark, who placed
second. their performances were a major sur-
prise to most of the SUNY coaches.

Albany State coach Joe DeMeo was more
pleased than surprised concerning the outing
of Clark. whose dual-meet record was a
dismal 2-7: "He did an outstanding job,"
said DeMeo. "His maturing got better as the
season went on."

A more somber mood hung over Averill's

second place finish. Averill was very disap-
pornted afterwards, as the two-time All-
American failed in his attempt for a first
place finish as he was defeated again by his
nemesis from Oneonta. Desmond Basnight
tn the finals. ’

 

- I
Dave Averill was one of tour wrestlers
to quality for the Nationals.

A'fter sweeping his quarterﬁnal and
semifinal matches handily, the Dane captain
met up against Basnlght. who was responsi‘
ble for Averill’s only defeat in the dual-meet
season. Basnight jumped out to a 4-0 lead in
first round. forcing Averill to change his

strategy. ‘ ’

“When [got down 4-0‘early. it really mess-
ed me up." said Averill. "i was going for the
wrn so i went for broke in trying to get the
pin and it cost me points."

When it was over, Averill found himselfa

[3-4 loser. but his conﬁdence was far from
broken.
. “Sure, i'm very disappointed.” said the
junior who graduated from nearby
Shenendchowa High School. “i thought i
could take him and i still do. i hope i face
him in the Nationals."

That rematch could very conceivably take
place in two weeks at Binghamton. but
Averill feels he will be better prepared then.

Besides the contrast in styles of the two.

,Averill feels his biggest problem against

Basnight is the height factor, which usually
has no significance in wrestling. Basnight is a
lanky 5‘10 while Averill stands at 5’6.

.”He's like a spider.” said Averill.“Hejust
clings to you. Coach DeMeo is going to work
with me all 'week in devising a new strategy
against him."

Meanwhile. DeMeo might just have to
work with Sheldon on his ability of escaping
from the bottom.

Sheldon had a tougher time of it than
Averill in advancing to the finals. But once
he was there. Sheldon put up a magniﬁcent
struggle before dropping a 5-4 decision to
Binghamton's John Leo. The two were tied

'4-4 after the final buzzer had sounded. but

one point for riding time was tacked to Leo's

score to give the Colonial wrestler the vic-
tory.

Sheldon's highest point of the SUNYACs
was his upset semifinal triumph over top-
secdcd Ed Morales of Brockport, l0-9.

ll7 pound Adclstein had to survive in a
natlbiting match for him to qualify for the
Nationals.

After winning his quarterfinal match. he
met up with Binghamton All-American Tom
Pillari who solidly defeated him 10-] and
later captured first place.

However. Adclstein bounced back to
defeat Buffalo's Doug Cowry in the semifinal
consolation. Then, in the third and fourth
consolation match, Adclstein held on for an
electrifying 9-8 decision over Tim Slade from
Brookport.

The Dane sophomore led throughout the
match, taking a 5-1 advantage after one
period. and bringing a 7-4 lead into the final
period. '

But Adclstein was tiring as Slade cut the
margin to 9-8 with 30 seconds to play on a
two-point takedown. it was at this point that
Adclstein bore down as Slade was unsuc-
cessful in his attempt to turn the Long island
native off his stomach. As the last seconds
ticked off. Adclstein had survived a 9-8 deci-

sion and a berth to the Nationals.

"l wrestled up to my capabilities." he said
after the tournament. “i know lhad to wres-
tle well and i did. l'm very proud right now."

The whole Dane squad was proud of the

10>

 

VOLUME LXXI

COntroversy' forces

Changes in new group

By Ilene Welnsteln
smr-‘r mum

Under pressure from student leaders. a group of students forming a
Heterosexual Alliance, changed their organization's name and constitu-
tion Wednesday night.

The organization. now named The Social Alternative (TSA) ltas been
granted temporary recognition by Student AsSOciation (SA) attd can app-
ly for permanent recognition any titne.

The group. under its original name of Heterosexual Alliance. had been
granted temporary rccognition. However. SA President Rich Schufi'cr
sent thcm a letter last week saying they would be denied pcrtttuttcnt
recognition unless they changed their name and rcviscd their constitution.

The Heterosexual Alliance was not intended to attract homophobic
pcopic. maintained Tcri Holder, Vice President of Thc Social Alter-
native. “We did not expect to meet this kind of opposition." shc cxplnin-
ed.

The Social Alternative President Mike Btttlcr said he plans to submit
his group's new natnc and constitution for recognition.

Schaffcr said he now forsccs no problctn irt grunting Ihc grottp recogni-
tiutt.

in his Fcb. 2i letter to the Heterosexual AllianceSchuffcr said he was

refusing SA recognition for thc group because “the group may he in—
titnidating and could possible posc a threat to members of the
university." He said he had “specific conccrns" with the group‘s name
and one of its stated purposes which was “to promote uwurcucss and ac-
tiott by our members so as to safeguard hctcroscsuul t'igllls."

"Pcrsonuliy.l think he (Schul‘fcr) had pressure put on him by the Vice

President for Student Affairs and by Affirmative Action." muintaincd
Butler.

About 60 students joined the lictcroscsuul Alliance at their first in-

terest meeting on February i4.

When Schal‘fer refused the group permanent recognition on Fcbruary
Zl. Bttticr worked with SA Vice President Jeff Schneider to prepare a bill
requesting that Central Council override Schni‘l‘cr‘s dccisiott attd grant the
group permanent recognition.

An hour before the council tnccting. Butlcr informally met with Guy
and Lesbian Alliance Co-chuir Rod Silver and agreed upon some changes.
“The name and scvcral sentences in the stated purposes (of the original
constitution) werc blatant discrimination against homosexuals," main-
tained Silver. bttt “l support Rich Scitul'l'cr's cttrrcnt decision for tcm-
porary recognition" of The Social Alternative. he added.

The bill was withdrawn from council so that Schaffcr could rcvicw the
revised name and constitution.

The statement of purpose that Schaffcr had found offensive was
deleted. instead it says that one of the groups functions is "to dccm-
phasize alcoltolic consumption at social events." '

The approxiamtely 15 Heterosexual Alliance members who showed up
for the Council meeting unanimoust approved the changes while Council
was in session.

“It's a perfectly viable solution." said Butler. I‘lt doesn’t offend
anybody." he added. The issue. he explained "is to function as a group to
help the University Community. l'm satisfied with the outcome.“

13>

 

 

Mike Butler
Controversy over a name and intentions.

The Wellington Hotel

 

Sim/cm housing should be available Ilirmtg/i Spring: 985. 77

City sells Wellington Hotel
Doctor purchases building for $1 .25M

By Jane Anderson
Iltlltlltl tI l\\l\l |\I

'l‘ltc city-owned Wellington
l-lotcl. an optional SUNYA dor-
mitory facility. has been sold.
Albany Mayor Thomas M. Whaicn
announced \\’ct|ncsduy. Albany
physician Mich:th A. Blasc pur-
chuscd the building for $1.25
million, and plans to convert it into
luxury apartments or con—
dominiums, said Michael A. Blasc
.lr.. his son and business partner.

Students should be able to live in
the hotel through the spring of
[985. said tltc younger Blasc.

The sale of the Wellington has
cttuscd SUNYA officials to
spcculate that the Wellington bus
route could be discontinued after
the hotel is closed to students.

“Bus service (to the Wellington)
will be available for as long as
students reside in the Wellington."
said Vice President for Student Al'-
l'ttirs Frank Pogttc.

Vice President for University Af-
fairs l.cwis Wclch said that the
question of whether scr\icc on thc
Wellington bus routc would cott-
tinttc after the student wing of the
hotci closed would “httvc to be
looked at."

lie contcndctl that the basis for
the route is the fact that the Wcli-
ittgton provides it number of
students with housing.

“The question is: why would you
rtm a bus thcrc it' no students lived
in the \Vcllineton’.’.“ said Wclch.
"The unswcr is: we wouldn't. It
gocs well bcyontl any obligation
that the university has." he
asserted.

Poguc said that thc question will
be cyamiucd of whcthcr the univer-
sity is "justified" in continuing the
bus service for the students who
have lcgislutivc internships ut the
capital. -

“A lot of ottr reputation is httst
on the fact that SUNYA has an ex-
tensive legislative internship pro-
gram." asserted Student Associa-
tion President Rich Schut'fer. "That
should be the main reason that bus
service should be continqu down
there." he maintained.

 

Schuft'cr said llittl he would be
briefed by Poguc and Welch on the
issue Friday.

Blusc and thc city reached an
agreement Wednesday morning.
said Whnlcn. 'i'hcy pluuncd to sign
the contract on i‘Tltlii)’. according to
the younger lilusc. and tire closing
will take place .luly l.

'i‘hc Wellington lioth has been
for sale for “about a year," said
Wltulcn. “We‘re not in !hc hotci
business." he added. -

The city of Albany bought the
hotci itt 1975, and students have li\-
cd there since then. “The city has
funded a deficit for two years“ at
the hotci. notcd Whulcn. Whulcn
stated in i)ccentbcr. i982. that thc
ltotci ran $44,000 in the red during
the 1981-82 year.

The younger Blasc said he is fair-
Iy‘ccrtain that the students will be
able to live in the hotel through thc
[984-85 school year.

“The city has some sort of ugrce—
ntcnt (with thc university) that ends
this year." he said. “and we have
not yet discussed with SUNY an ex-
tension or u rcncwul."

"We are willing to talk about
allowing the students to stay
through [985." said the younger
lilusc.

'i‘hc Biases plan to meet with a
rcprcscntutite of SUNYA “in thc
iiL‘ili l'uturc." according to the
younger Bittsc. "l‘m not cvcn sure
who to deal with. “bccnusc thcrc
wus “no need to explore this“ until
the purchase was official. he cv-
pinincd.

Wclch said that "wc hu\c not itud
any dirch confirmation“ of the sale
from lilusc or the city. and that he
had not yet spokcn to Binsc about
the student wing of the hotel.

According to tire younger Blasc.
he and his father have purchase the
two adjacent buildings. as well as
Ihc Wellington. The lilk‘s ('1th sold
thcm their Lodge at I38 State Street
and the now-vacant Berkshire
l-Iotci. he explained.

The two llluscs plan to renovate
all three buildings. and change them
into “executive type apartments."
said lltc younger Binse. He noted

that the new compch could inclttdc
retail space. a restaurant, and office
space.

The younger Blasc said hc hopes
the rcnm'ation of the ltotcl “will
begin at the end of '84." He added
illtll ltc didn‘t think it would in—
convenience the student rcsidcnts
greatly “other titan coming in and
going out“ of the building.

‘i'hc younger Blasc maintained
that. since the rcnmation would
concentrate on the buildings on
State Street initially. the student
uing would not be affected. The
students are housed ill a wing in the
rear of tire hotci.

Tltcrc are approximately 175
students living at the hotel now. ac—
cording to Wcich.

Four to the thousand students
live off-campus. said Welch. The
studcnts now housed in the Well-
ington would only add an addi-
tional four to five percent to this. he
c\plaincd. “i don't know if tltc
community could easily ac-
comodtue that number or not." he
added.

“We Itccd additional on-catnpus
housing," maintaincd Welch.
“This illustrates the point — there
i». a clear documented need for more
tin-campus housing." hc slrcsscd.

"l:.\ct‘. v or for the past it) years
\\c lune .t vunccd proposals for the
financing of additional
dormitorics." cxplztincd Wclch.
“luch year “t: turn li\\tl_\‘ 500 to
(villi requests for space in on-
t‘tllilptts dorms." he nddctl.

fire \itth has "a long list of pro-
jccts and little money to fund
them.“ obscrtctl \\’c|clt. He added
that he litipcs to see new dor-
mitories planned within the nest
tlncc to UN; years.

“l'm not I‘cully very optimistic
for (getting) new dormitories on
campus." contended i’oguc.
because there is "\cry littlc funding
for construction in the state
system", —

The city had offered the Well-
ingtott Hotel to SUNYA to be
redone as a dorntitory facility. but
after a tottr of the structure. the

i9»

 

