2...,“ :2, A _

féfﬁf‘x  Tc

m:

 

a: - .5 -2........

 

m.,.. «c. v

   

t ' ..-.,t;~ r. WWW“ ‘ '

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

' OLDSMOBILE CUTLASS CIERA

AMERICA'S no.1 SELLING FRONT-WHEEL DRIVE MID- SIZE CAR

FEEL QUALITY-tn the Cutlass tradition FEEL TECHNOLOGY- Aerodynamic design and
Oldsmobile offers you the car you deserve- unibody construction for increased fuel
The Cutlass Ciera. efﬁciency. Computer Command

FEEL PERFORMANCE-'Front-wheel drive Conn", coﬂﬂnﬂously.monitors and ‘
offers you a smooth ride, superior handling, ﬁne tunes engine'

and improved traction. W—Test drive

FEEL COMFORT—Indulge yourself in the "'9 0""“9‘ cm“ ‘“
atmosphere of quiet luxury and spaciousness your local Old”
you expect in an Oldsmobile. dealer.

 

 

This ad is part of SUNYA's School of Business entry in the 1984 GM Intercollegiate Marketing Program

SUNYA faculty receives 9

 

 

  
  

 

The Intercollegiate Athletic Committee
and
Speaker’s Forum

- presents -

4444444444444444

WALT "CLYDE" F RAZIER

****************
Wednesday . April 11th , 1904
Campus Center Ballroom

Tickets: $2 wltax card and $4 w/o tax card

I On sale April 9-11 from 10:00 to 3:00 in Campus Center Lobby
and at the door the night of performance

3A Funded

 

 

 

 

DAVE STRICK UPS

Director of Institutional Research Patrick Terenzlnl
K Ito Ivlerlge of SUN YA is increased I) y slut/yin]: survey ram/ls.

Comity eyes possibility of statewide expansion

By Ilene Welnsteln
smrr ll’lt'll'lz'R

Comity. an international affairs
publication, based at SUNYA
ltopes to expand to major college
campuses across the state. accor-
ding to editor-in-ehicf Brian
Jacobs. a SUNYA strident.

“There is a good chance of
(Comity) going statewide." he ex-
plained. adding that ftrnds. not lack
of interest. were the tuain reason
for holding back. “There have been
responses from as far away as Loui-
siana and Wisconsin. bttt we‘re set-
ting ottr sights on the Northeast
region." he said.

Comity. which is in its fourth
month of publication. has campus
representatives at SUNYA. Union
College ttnd chnsalcar Polytechnic
institute (Rl’l). 'l‘lre maga/ine is
also available at Russell Sage.
Albany law School. and Albany
Medical College, where articles
were solicited for the ttpeoming
April issue.

Caitlin’s editors will be applying
to several foundations for grants.
with the help of the SUNYA ad-
tninistration. explained Jacobs. The
Stanley, Rockefeller and Hearst
foundations are among those that
maybe contacted. “it's possible we
might not even need the grant." he
said. adding that advcr . ng
revenue might provide sufficient
funds.

1
I

By Johanna Clancy
smrr mun-n

Ninety percent of the SUNYA Class of '32
have‘landed full time jobs or are attending
graduate or professional schools. according
to surveys taken by the Department of In—
stitutional Research.

Most gradutatcs in this class rated the in-
struction they received in their major field as
“very effective" or “extremely effective" in
securing positions after graduation. the
survey showed.

These surveys. which are administered to
incoming freshmen and SUNYA graduates.
seek to judge the effectiveness of the school
in educating students and in providing them
with the skills to obtain good jobs,

According to Director of institutional
Research Patrick Tcrcn/ini. a “student out-
comes" survey has been taken for the past six
years to evaluate the "quality of instruction"
given at SUNYA.

The surveys also attctnpt to discover how
well prepared SUNYA graduates are when
“competing for jobs and salaries." he said.

“During freshmen conferences freshmen
fill ottt forms about their characteristics.

TUESDA Y, APRIL l0. 19.94 a ALBANY sruchr‘Phirssis

ood gradesin surveys

'acadcmic plans and goals. family
background. high school preparation and ex-
pectations of SUNYA." he explained.

“We track the students with yearly
surveys." Tercnzlni continued, “to find out
what it is like to be a student at SUNYA."

institutional Research will use the most rc-
ccnt surveys "to find out what difference. if
any. general education requirements made"
for the freshmen class. Tcrenzini said.

The surveys taken of SUNYA graduates
show that students at this school are well-
prepared. according to Tercnzini. “Com-
pared to other schools. we do quite well." he
observed.

The "Student Outcomes" survey indicates
that they SUNYA faculty is doing a good
job. noted Tcrcnzini.

The purposes of these surveys vary. accor-
ding to Tcrczlni. They are useful as a “form
of public relations." he said.

Understanding of the university is increas-
ed by. studying the results of the surveys.
Tcrerinl noted.

When statistics are available to show the
success of SUNYA graduates. they can bc us~
ed to recommend the school to potential
students. said Tercn/ini. I._’]

More ttroncy will mean “putting
ruorc things into it (Cami/)0." cx—
plaincd Wayne Pecreboom. a
member of Crmtily’s editorial col-
lective. Possible goals inclttde out-
fitting the rnaga/ine with better
grade paper witlt higher gloss and
printing it in color. he added.

C'()IIlfI_l".S' editors have also ap-
plied to the CASS advertising agen-
cy. which solicits atlvertiscrs on a
rtational level. said Peereboom.

“We're still getting established."
Peereboom said. The pttblication.
"rid. did well financially on their
last issue. “We are having no trott-
ble finding advcr 'sers." he stress-
ed. "some companies have advertis-
ed with us every issue."

   

Pccrcboom said he feels there is a
mass appeal for a pttblication like
Cami/y and there is plenty of poten-
tial for a large readership. “We
have to reach different people on
different ctttttpttscs‘." ltc said. ad-
ding that he believes they havc a
broad enough base to go statewide.

Dealt lieu. another tttcrnber of
Contity's editorial collective. said
that by increasing the base of cir-
culation. the magazine would at-
tract more advertising. “We don’t
ltavc a concrete idea that it will at-
tract advct'tisers. httt it might." he
said.

According to editorial collective

member Debra Judge. Comity is
looking for people at SUNYA and
other campuses who are qualified
and are interested in working.
“There are a lot of problems with
staying only with SUNY (Albany).
We have enough good articles for
about six months." she explained.

out in the black in the last issue.
Cami/y. which produced its first
issue in late December. was found-
cd by Jacobs. then president of
Amnesty International. as a way of
raising peoples' consciousness
about international _ events and
situations. llc etuphasircd that the

Corporation in order to avoid the
censorship that might accompany
SA funding. The ASP Corporation
Board does not try to censor or pro-
hibit editorial decisions. he said.
The ASP Corporation extended a
$300 litre ofcrcdit to the publication
in order for it to become firme

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Every issue
has been an
improvement
)1

from the last.

--—De/rru Judge

 

 

She added that RPl has many
foreign students who want to write
for the magazine.

"L'very issue has been an im-
provement from the last." said
Judge. She emphasired that there is
still room for a great deal of im-
provement. Financially. however.
Judge stressed that Cottti/y came

maga/inc makes people aware of
issues that affect them. interna-
tional concerns, such as human
rights. are covered in each issue.
The pttblication. formerly called
Worldview. was formed tinder the
auspices of the Albany Slade"!
Press Corporation. Jacobs said he
decided to operate under the ASP

established. according to Betz. He-
stressed that Contin has not touch-
ed the money and ttscd only the
revenue made through advertising
He added that the magazine is not
charged for ASP equipment.
facilities. and supplies bill will begin
to pay for these services next
semester. 4 3

Student protest against Reagan called a ‘dud’

 

 

ll’at/tington. D. C.
It‘UIIJ-Stil. I‘RbM‘ \‘lzkl'lt'lﬂ National student
leaders tried to stage a massive show of stu-
dent opposition to proposed federal financial
aid cuts at the end of last month. but not
many students showed up.

About 300 students rallied outside the
Capitol March 26th to register tltcir protest
of Presidcttt Reagan‘s proposed aid budget.
If the budget passes. it would translate into
about 900.000 fewer loans and grants during
the 1984435 school year.

The event. part of the annual National Stu-
dcpt Lobby Action Day. drew about 2,000
students last March. and about 4.500 in
March. 1982.

As recently as tltc end of February. event
organizer Kathy Over told College Press Ser-
vice she hoped sortie 7,000 students would
participate this year.

The US. Student Association (USSA). of
which Ozcr is legislative director. the Coali-
llOll of independent College and University
Students (known as COPUS). and the Na-
tiortal Organization of Black University and

 

College Students. co-sponsorcd the event.

"Looking around. there are not as tnany
people here as i expected.“ said Matt Car-
roll. a Brown University sophomore who at-
tended thc rally.

“1 was disappointed by the turnout." add-
ed Karen Canaday. an American University
junior. “People are just cuttirtg their own
throats by not coming."

"l was led to believe there would he more
people here." Tim Murphy. art Ohio State
junior. said. “The tnore I think of it. the pro-
ject turned out to be a dud."

Ozcr. putting the best face on it. disagreed.

"The numbers weren‘t as important as the
information the students brought." she
asserted. The effort. which included talking
to legislators before the rally. “was one of
the most effective we've ever had."

It was also one of the latest lobby days.
Organizers traditionally stage the event the
first Monday of March to avoid conflict with
schools‘ spring breaks.

liut this year. vague “scheduling pro-
blems" forced tnoving the lobbying effort

back to March 26th. when ntany schools were
on break. explained Bruce Barton of
COPUS.

Ozcr believed the effort drew very well.
considering the timing. “We had 350
students at ottr lobbying conference last
weekend. and we know that 500 students
came in buses and vans to the lobbying."

She speculated that litany of the lobbyists
simply left before the rally. which was sup-
posed to be the public show of student force.

“Many students had to catch planes. or
were still talking with their congressmen"
when the rally began. site said.

lint lobbying. ttol the rally. was the major
order of the day. ()zcr said. and students
patrolling the Capitol's halls wearing
"Education Culs Never llcal” buttons did
get to speak to many legislators and
legislators' staff members.

The legislative tinting. moreover. was for-
tuitous. Different committees were in the
midst of debating the all-important Higher.
Education Rcauthorization Act of 1085 —
which will influence aid progratns through

the remainder of the decade — and President
Reagan's proposed $l7 billion Department of
[Education budget.

Students themselves ‘ had mixed feelings
about how effective they were in their lobby-
log.

"I know i had an effect today." said Scott
Altman. student president at Iowa's Bucna
Vista College. “I spoke with both my
senators and my representative. and they
were very receptive."

Sue Nowak. a Rutgers freshman. reported
Rep. James Howard (D-NJ) promised to help
her regain her federal strident aid. Just before
leaving campus. sltc learned she would be cut
ottt of the aid program next year.

“Somehow. I think it doesn't have any cf-
fcet." observed Brown's Carroll. who calls
his congressman — Ohio Republican Willis
Gradison — "the Prince of Darkness as far
as education is concerned."

But Carroll. although looking a bit
disgruntled as he later surveyed the sparse
crowd. went to the rally anyway. _ [:1

 

 

