  

 
  
 

we; Penile

.&? Gold, Classes of

 

. t.

‘ Au'AL‘BANY STUDENT PRESS l I TUESDA Y. MARCH 6. I984

’84. 285', ’86,.&-’87 present:

WARS’B‘I

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

n «rm—.2; awn-«‘31; V5.-...-,-.—':,

’9',

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

March 8, 1984
8-00pm
Baths/cellar

I Featuring:
* Trivia Contest in

* Class Spirit Competition *

/

. For anyone
wearing class
year or name

 

o

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

By Dave Catalafamo

A group ot‘ students have formed a Minority Recruitment
Task Force whlclt ltopes to aid disadvatttaged students
ettrolled at SUNYA.

Blacks. Hispanics. attd American lttdians are not well
represented on cantptts. according to the Minority Recruit-
tncnt Program Coordinator Lois Tripp. wlto also heads the
Eqqu Opportttnity Progratn at SUNYA.

.Last year. the university initiated tltc Minority Recruit-
ment Program to combat the problem of minorin under-
representation. said Tripp.

According to Director ot' Admissions Rodney Hart. the
Minority Recrttittncnt Prograttt. “does not touclt upott all
etlmic groups." The progratn is targeted at Blacks. Hispanics
and Anterican lndiatts ot' good academic standing tltat might
otherwise be excluded from the university. Hart cited a
reasott t'or developing the program as bcittg an attempt to
diversify the unit ‘ , population.

Currently, interested university students are bcittg ot'gttttiI-
ed ittto a Minority Recruitment Task Force to aid tltc ()t'l‘icc
ot' Admissions in the Minority Recrttittttettt Program.

Bel'ot'c the last academic year, tlterc were only three admis-
sion pt‘ograttts available to applicants. wltich were tradi<
tional. talented adtnissiotts attd POP.

To be accepted ttttder tlte admissions program a minimum
higlt school average of 80 or class rattk in the top ltall' ol‘ tlte
class was required. alottg witlt college board scores that range
between 900 and Hill), said Hart.

"The class is tilted by starting with the utost qualil'ied ap-
plicattts and working down tmtil the class is full," said Matt.

Acceptance to the university ttttdcr the talettted admission
program requires an KO pet'ccttt average or a rank itt the top
half ol' tltc high school class. along witlt board scores that are
better than a total 900. witlt no less than 400 on either the
verbal or ntatlt. said Hart.

The program is aimed toward students who have special
talents, said Hart. sttclt as. the tnusic student who expcnds a
great deal ol‘ energy practicing. which is ttot necessarily
reﬂected in the academic record.

EOP is It statewide program designed specit'ically for those
students w ho would ttot ordinarily be admitted to the univer-
sity. according to Hart. Two criteria, academic and linancial.
tttust be met itt order to be accepted to the university uttder
EOP. Academically the program is geared toward the educa—
tionally and culturally disadvantaged student. who is in ttccd
ol' sortie remedial help.

“Financially. it is not a matter ol’ just being poor. you
have to be really destitute." said Hart. who added that tlte
New York State legislature passed legal guidelines to be eligi-
ble’t'or EOP. Hart pointed out that “EOP is not done at the
expense of the students. Money and space for the program
are always an add-on to tltc existing traditional program."

Accordittg to Tripp. the university. at'ter identifying the
needs of the application pool, adopted the Minority Recruit-
ment Program. Tripp stressed tltat the program is ttot an

4

 

View from the Podium

TUESDAY, MARCH 6. I984 L‘i ALBANYSTUDENTPRESS  ‘

equi ‘1ticttt ol' EOP. “The students accepted through the
Minority Recruittncttt Program are riot in need ol‘ any type of
remedial instruction." In addition. students who etttcr the
university under the program are ttot l'inaneially disadvantag-
ed.

l-lart esplaincd that to be admitted to the university uttdcr
the Minorin Rccrttittnettt Programs a slttdent tmtst intve a
high seltool average of at least 80 percent. or he iii the top
one-hall" ol‘ the class. In addition. tlte applicant can ltave
scored no less titan 800 total on the college boards. including
a minimum ot‘ 300 on both verbal amt matlt. Applicants tmtst
also submit rccomtnettdations. a list of activities and an
essay.

llart esplalned that the Minority Recruitment Program
and the 'l‘alcntcd Admission Program are similar itt that they
are botlt designed to recruit the student that. for whatever
reason. falls below traditional standards yet is well above

' Task force strives to recruit minority stUdents '

“We need to get a good
cross section of the public. ”
—Rorh_1({t' Hart

 

tltosc t'cquirments to be adtnittcd ttttder l:()l’. Mittoritcs. ltc
said. are especially disadvantaged by scholastic tests which
are culturth biased. Programs like the Mittotity Rccttlit—
tncttt Progrtun and thc l‘alctttcd Admission Program are
designed to “make the process ntorc llesihlc." llatt said.

“We lune to keep in mind we ate a public institution and
we ttecd to get a good cross section ol'tlte public." litll'l said.
lot this upcoming academic year, llart apptosintates that (‘0
students will cttlct' the utti\et'sity through the Minorin
Recruitment Program.

To aid the admission ol‘lice. tltc Minority Recruitment
T sk Force is being formed with the help of SA Minority Al'-
l‘airs Coordinator Vivian Va/qucl. Va/quel. believes that
“an estra et'l'ort has to be tnade itt recruiting minorities."
Righl "0W. Va/uuc/ said. “we are running scared."
llopel‘ully. il‘ tnorc minot'itt are rcct'ttited there will be “a
lessening of the impact of racism going around." she added.

According to Vazquct. right now the level of minorites ill
the I'rcsltntan and sophomore class is adequate. howt. er.
"there are hardly arty junior and senior minorities."
Through the Minority Recruitment Program. Vazquez hopes
that levels of applying minorities will increase. Currently the
tninority student population of SUNYA is 7.8 percettt. as
compared to the population ol' minorities itt New York State
which is at least 23 percent.

Tripp noted that the task force will be doing work that has
been dotte in tile past by interested students on an informal
basis.

One of the functions of the task force will be to call up-
plicattts and ttrgc them to complete the applicatiott process.
According to Tripp. this will help set the applicants at ease

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS
SA Minority Altalrs Coordinator Vivian Vazquez

 

. "An extra e/fort hits to he nun/e itt recruiting minor-him, "

and increase the probability that tltey will cotttplcte the ap-
plication process.

At a meeting Monday ot‘ the Minority Reerttittncut Task
Force attettdcd by 'l‘tipp. Va/uucl, SA President Rich Scltat"
I'er. Studcttt Association ol' the State University President
Jim Tierney. Vice Presidettt ol' the SUNYA Chapter or the
NAACP Dwayne Sampson attd it) other itttercslcd students.
an election was held. Dwayne Sampson was chosen as the
chairman of the Minority Recruitment Task Force for the re-
tuainder ot' the year.

ltt future years, however. the SA Minorin Al'l'airs Coor-
dittator will be tlte acting chair. .

Tierney expressed his desire to take the issue to the state
level. At the meeting, there was also sottte discussion of br-
ittgittg tltc issue to University President Vincent O'I.eary and
advocating the creation ol' a Presidential Task Force for
Minority Recrttittttettt.

 

(‘ompilcd by Jane Anderson. cditotial assis.

tant. Photos by ltob locket. lll'S.

 

"I think llut'l represents an lll(lt‘/)L'Il(/(’Ill
point of view. tlll(l Mont/ale I't'prat’cnlx too
much labor unions utnl organized lttlmr. Harl
has more of (I chance of healing Ronald—i
Reagan ln't'unw Mondale is‘ will {ISA'UL'ltI/l’ll

"I think I'Iu/‘I‘v campaign ,ettint-(I lltlllm‘lllll/H """I’ Jim/“J” WW"? "
when he won the New Ilntnpsltire printtttjv.
The public responded to this and more (Ill(l
more people are supporting lltlrl'.\' cause.
Moltrltt/v'x loo liberal —— his policies lll't' (or;
extreme tlllll liltcl'nl. The country it in (1 Cult-
.\'L‘I'Villll't‘ nnnnl. and the "re not ready to ac-
cept Mont/ule'x [inllt'lL . "

 

—(.‘erry Rnlley

--—l.intla ('ramer

 

Question:

 

 

What do you think about the recent
deveIOpments in the Democratic race?

 

 

 

"llttrt is making a strong cattle/melt. and a
strong wave in the Denim-rulit' race. llttrt has
a strong chance of healing Rona/(I Rotten/t
while attracting more ,t'tntnger people nntl
college .t‘lll(/L'Ill.\‘. "

—l'll|en You

 
 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
   
 
   
 

 

 

"I‘tn tllllllll' it. I (Inn ’1 like .\ltnt(Itt/e tll all. I
(ll(lll ‘I think he was l't'l'_l' gnarl with (inter. __l

 

 

I‘m really .e/ml llllll lltll'l is doing well —‘
from what I've rel/(l, [it"ll (In it hut/er jolt
than Mmtr/ttle or lt't'ugnn. "

—‘l'otltl linker

 

 

 

 
   
   
   
   

