 

 

 

 

 

NEWS BRIEFS

 

 

Worldwide ’

[Civil War end seen

Lebanon
(AP) Representatives of Lebanon‘s warring
factions agreed on a military disengagement 
plan Monday that a government spokesman ’
called a “first step" toward ending the nine-
year civil contiict.

Sporadic sniper fire corttintted rtton .
llcirut's mid-city “Green Line" Monday
night. Artillery crews traded the earlier. '

At the presidential palace. President Atttin
Getnayel was chairtttan of the session of the
“higher security-political committee" that
took up the pullback proposals developed
over the weekend by a tttilitary subcommit-
tee.

After the Zl/t-hour rneetittg. cntnrnittet
spokestuan Mounit‘ Owcidat told reporters
the cotnbatants' representatives had agreed
on the plan for separating the contending
factions, and other committees were working
to itnplctncnt it.

Vets travel to Hanoi

Tltrrilunrl

(AP) A Vietnam Veterans of America delega-
tion seeking information on U.S. scrvicctrtctr
missing in the lndochina war tttct Monday itt
Hanoi with Foreign Minister Nguyen Co
Thach. the Vietnam News Agency reported.
in a dispatclt monitored irt Bangkok. the
agettcy quoted local newspapers as saying tlte
delegation, led by the organization's presi-
dent, Robert Mttller. also tnet with tile ap-
propriate Vietnamese ofﬁce. The report did

 

 

 

5‘  ALBANY STUDENT PRESS t‘t TUESDA v, APRIL I0. I984-

Catnbodia's ofﬁcial news agency said
previously that the Americans were in the
Cambodian capital of Phnotn Penh, last
Thursday seeking information on tile missing
servicemen. Fewer than too of the approx-
ltnnteiy 2,4500 people classified as "missing
in action" are thought to be in Cambodia.

Fuslon plant opens

Eng/and
(AP) Queen Elizabeth ll inaugurated a $286
million researclt plant Monday that will try to
produce energy by fusing atoms at
temperatures itottcr than the sun's core.
The plant at Cttihatn in Osl'ordsitire is tr
joint project of the European Econotnit
Community. attd French President Francois
Mitter'rand was among guests at the
ccretnonv.

Natiomgryg

 

 

Repairs planned

Florida
(Al’) Short on rttancuveriug fuel and given
“a fighting chance" bttt no guarantees.
(‘itttllcngcr's orbitittg rcpairtrten will try again
to tow the slowly tttrning Solar Max satellite
into the shuttle cargo btty to be fixed.

Their ftth for the resctte was low. so iiight
cotttroliers worked ottt a platt Mottdny to get
the tttost ottt of what was left. They set up
one engine firing instead of a series and told
commander Robert L. Cripen, “The strategy
behind the bttrrt is hopefully this will provide
tts with a free ride."

Nelson's effort to steady tltc Solar Max on
Sunday set it trtrttittg pike a top and raised

 

not elaborate.

  

PREVIEW OF EVENTS *

Free listings

The Jawbone Reading Series on
Thursday, April 12. will feature

comparable worth leglsslatton.
The film "Union Maids" will be

fears it would be impossible to control.

 

Planes spot ash

A Ills/m '

(AP) Pilots of two passenger jettiners
reported ilying past a “suspicious-looking
cloud" north of Japan on Monday. Ofﬁcials
said both planes were checked for radioac-
tivity after they landed at Anchorage but
none was found.

Federal Aviation Administration
spokesman Paul Stettckc in Anchorage said it
was possible the pilots had spotted airborne
Jslt from erupting volcanoes in Hawaii.

Japan Air Lines Flight 4!]. a Boeing 747
passenger jet en route frotn Tokyo to
Amsterdam and Madrid. was inspected by
Anchorage international Airport personnel
after tt JAL cargo jet flying the satne route
about 30 trtinutcs latcr spotted the cloud
north of Japan.

“Tire spotted an abnormal clottd, like a
nuclear explosion. We asked for a check of
Flight 4|] to be safe. They found nothing ab-
normal," said l‘liroynki Adaclti, JAL district
manager at Anchorage. He said the llight was
carrying passengers, bttt he was unsure of the
number.

Nicaragua seeks aid

Washington

 

 

 

  

(AP) Nicaragua asked the World Court on
Monday to try to halt U.S. support for anti-
govcrnment guerrillas despite a decision by
the Reagan administration — ttnder fire for
its role itt mining Niearagua's ltarbors — to
challenge the court's jurisdiction in Central
America.

[Even before the Nicaraguans filed their
complaint at tile international Court of
.ittsticc in The Hague, the United States in-
formed the international body it will not

UPS '

the court’s rigltt to rule in any cases

  

 

on Central America for the next two years.
State Department spokesman John
Hughes said the administration did not want
to answer questions from the cottrt about
alleged US. intelligence activities in
Nicaragua. He said Washington also did not
want the court to be tttrned into a "put.
pagandaforum" by Nicaragua.

Statewide

Drug mob uncovered

New York ( 'ilt‘
(AP) Thirty-one people were chttrgcd Mon.
day in a $l.65 million organircd crime heroin
ring that officials said used mob-run pix/tr
parlors as a conduit for a massive drug llll~
porting business.

U.S. Attorney General William t-‘r'cnctt
Smith, who came to New York to personally
announce the charges, said it was the Itltrsl
signiﬁcant such case involving ttt‘gttttl/ctl
crime the federal government hart L'lt't
developed.

And U.S. Attorney Rttdolplt W. (iittlitttti
called it “the ltlttSl significant heroin CthL‘
ever made" in the United States.

Words like “flour” or disettssions about
such secntingly innocuous topics like cleaning
the tables at the piIra parlors were used .Is
codes for tile drttg deals tttattaged by parlor
operators, officials said.

Medicaid rates hiked

.-l/lrunv
(AP) Medicaid fees, some trot increased since
i966. would be dottblcd itt tr few cases iltltl
hiked nearly 55 percent in others. under it ltlll

 

 

 

 

given final legislative approval Monday.

A bill carrying a $25.3 tnitiion pricctrrg \\.l\
approved witltotrt debate itr both houses of
the state Legislature and rrow goes to (itr\.
Mario Cttomo. who was chccletl to \ltlit it
irtto law.

Tltc five sections of the proposal dczti \\Illl
emergency rootn fees. replacing i‘ctlctrtl .titl
for clinics. “Medicaid mills.“ increasing tees
for "primary care" providers and the doubt-
ing of fees for prc-ttatal cure atrd ticiivcttcs.

Most of the increases begin Jan. l. I‘lh‘fl In
order to allow counties and New York (try to
budget the local share of tile costs, \\ll|L'll
amount to 25 pcrccrtt itt most cases.

Physician evicted

Nl‘ii’ i'ttr/t ('t/t'
(AP) All appeals court on Monday upheld rt
lower court judge's order evicting ntt 3(th cat»
old Holocaust survivor frotn tltc Upper \VN
Side aparttttertt she had lived itr for 10mm
because site was treating'drng addicts itt ltL't'
apartment.

Manhattan State Supreme Court .llNlL‘L‘
Joseph McKay rttted last August to clict tit.
Katherine Siegel~Fuerst. so. following cottt~
plaints from other tenants in the cooperative
apartment house at 789 West t~7ntt Ave. at
98th Street.

 

, lions today. April 10. in Campus
Center 375 at 6:30 p.m.

Washington DC. and Robert
nggens of Latin American Af-

ftom April 9 to April 11 in the CC
Lobby.

 

readings by Ms. Judi Kavaney, a
SUNY Doctoral student, and Dr.
Craig Hancock, a 1982 SUNY
graduate. The public is cordially
invited to attend these informal
university-sponsored readings,
which are held In the Humanities
Lounge (Hu 354) from 12 to 1:00
p.m. There is no charge for ad-
mission.

The Gay and Lesbian Alliance
will hold an important policies
meeting tonight at 8:30 p.m. in
the Campus Center 375. All are
welcome.

NVPIRG Women's issues Group
is sponsoring a forum on sex

 

discrimination on the job and

shown. and representatives from
the Center for Women in Govern~
mom will speak. Admission Is
free In LC. 22 at 7:30 p.m.
tonight.

The Clash will appear at the
Palace Theatre Wednesday.
Apri|11 at 8 p.m. Tickets are still
available In the Campus Center.
"But it In my business...0ues-
lions on intermarriage" will be
the theme of a discussion spon-
sored by JSC-Hliiel on Tuesday.
April 10 at 9 p.m. In the Physics
Lounge, Room 129. Richard Jan-
ney of Albany Jewish Family Ser-
vices will lead the discussion.
Fuel-n Latina will hold Its else-

The University's tenure policy
will be discussed In the
Humanities Lounge Room 354
on Wednesday, April 11 from 1-3
p.m. Speaking will be Professor
Peter Cocks of the Political
Science Department. All in-
terested persons are invited to
attend. The discussion is spon-
sored by tha undergraduate
Social Science Association.

"The U.S. vs. Nicaragua - A
Club of interests" will be the
theme of a discussion tonight at
8:00 p.m. In the Serra Hall
Cafeteria at Siena College.
Manuel Cordero, counselor or
the Nicaraguan Embassy.

fairs, U.S. Department of State,
Washington DC. will lead the
discussion. Refreshments will
be served.

The Democratic Socialists at
America (of the Democratic Par-
ty)w|l| be sponsoring an Interna-
tional Solidarity Tour featuring
youth activists from Nicaragua
and Sweden. Their topic will be
"US. Foregln policy In Central
America". They will speak on
Thursday, April 12 In LC. 5 at
7:30 p.m.

Walt Frazier will speak on Sports
Awareness Wednesday. April 11
at 8:00 in Campus Center
Ballroom. Tickets will be on sale

Sloan Wilson, author of the
1950's best seller Illt‘ .llrrtt trt l/It'
Gray I'ltlllllt’l .S‘rrt‘r. delivers the on
heat William W. Gibson Lecture
at 8:00 p.m. Tuesday. April to, to
the main Albany Public Library.
161 Washington Avenue. The
free program is sponsored by the
Friends of the Library to
celebrate National Library Week.
A tree introduction to spring
classes at the Krtpaiu Yoga
Center will feature demonstra~
lions of yoga, deep relaxation
and experiences in fitness and
flexibility Wednesday, April H
from 6:30-7:30 p.m. at the Center.
1898 Central Avenue. Albany.

 
  
 

 

1".

One student leaving for Spring Break

The r/orms' will close this Friday at 7 p.m.

 

  

 

.._. .M . , ._..— _.. ~_Mww

TUESDA v, APRIL to. 1934 t:t ALBANY STUDENTPRE s 3.: A.

Students break for spring recess;-
head for home, Florida beaches

x By Bob Gardlnter

CONTRIBUTING EDITOR

Students are sitting on the edge of their
seats. doodling on the borders of class notes
and elsewhere, and staying up late nights
thumbing through spring break package
plans as the campus looks forward to a
week's relaxation.

Although many students are hopping on
buses to go home, or are planning to stay in
Albany for the week, some are planning to
join the traditional college student migration
to Fort Lattderdalc for a week of beach par-
ties and sun.

But according to Caron Kessier, SUNYA
representative for Beachcomber Tours to
Daytona Beach. fewer students are taking ad-
vantage of the tours this year. “Response has
been very poor and l ltavc been in touch with
other tour groups and response has been
poor all over." site said. Tortr popttlarity is
definitely down this year compared to the
previous years, according to Kessler.

But if you are considering beacitcotttbing
itt the Sunshine State the high tetttpcralttrc itt
Miami yesterday was 7‘) degrees with a low of
73 degrees ttttdcr cloudy skies, accordittg to
tire international Weather Service at the
Albany County Airport.

Tltc trptowtt and the downtown dorms will
be closing Friday. April i3 iii 7 p.m. and will
rcopctt at noon, Sunday. April 22, littt \vitiic
yott are gone the Office of Residential l ilc
suggests ttnplttgittg Ili' turning off cicctrictri
appliances. closing the windows, especially
on the first floor. and taking out your trash
illltl ttrty \itllltlltlL‘ itcttts lllill you can.

As tltc muss csodtts from the dorms begins
i'titltty, cubs pack as mrttty students and us

 

 

TORCH

mttclr luggage irt as possible as they ferry
students off to btrs or plnttc connections.
('ttpitalnntl l‘ttxi service gets three times tircir
normal business witctt SUNYA goes on men—
tion, according to a dispatcher. "Regular

weekends SUNYA business is heavy but dur-
ing a break it is pretty difﬁcult to keep up
with. We have as many of our cabs as we can
spare over there and so—docs every other cab
company and independent hack in the city,”
he said.

There is a low is percent jump in business
at Greyhound bustincs when students take a
semester break. according to an imformation
agent in Albany. "Most of the traffic is going
to Floriday.” he said.

Friday. April 13. the snack bar and the
Rathskeller will close at 4 p.m. and the
Rathskeller will be closed throughout the
break. Saturday and Sundays all food ser-
vices will be closed but Monday through Fri-
day the snack bar will be open from 7:JOa.m.
to 2 p.m.

Campus Cctttcr will be closed Saturday
and Sunday but will be opened Monday thru
Friday from 7:30 to S p.m. The Contact Of-
fice. cltcck cashing and the information desk
will close through the period bttt the ad-
ministrative offices will be open in the Cam-

'ptrs Center. Student Association offices will
be open the l7th, llith, attd i‘)th frotn l0
n.m. to 4 p.m.

The liowiing Ailey amt game rooms will be
opctt Monday llll‘ti Friday only from it) run.
to 4 pm. and Barnes and Noble liookstore
will be open Monday to Friday frottt 9 a.tn.
to -i p.m. Saturday and Sunday ttt tltc etrd of
tire week tltc (‘tttrtptts ('ctttcr services will be
closed httt tlte center itself will be open from
4 p.m. to it p.m.

The library will be closed Saturday and
Stttttltry; Monday thru l‘lltlil)’ it \\ill be open
front it tt.ttt. to 5 p.m. Saturday. April 2! it
will he opctr 1) tr.rtt. to 5 p.m. and closed on
Sunday.

litts \ct\icc will be Ittll on it limited basis as
is usual for \ucations but exact schedules are
not yet available. i 3

Campus voting runs smoothly during primary

By Marissa Donnelian

The 87 students who voted at the Gym
((ittilderlattd Ward 22) in last Tuesday‘s
Democr ic pritttttry encottntcrcd very few
obstacles, according to Fatty Salkin, who
was a poll watcher there ttnd is president of
SUNYA Young College Democrats.

More titan St) percent of the M9
Democrats registered in Ward 22 voted. ac-
cording to Strikitt.

Results for the other wards were ttot
available.

(inry “it” led Ward 22 with 46 votes. said
Strikin. Jesse Jackson got 25 votes. and
Walter Mondale took last place with to
votes. said Salkin.

The elections "went a lot srtrootltcr this
tirtte (than itt Novcmbcr)," said Salkin. She
said that only two voter registration cards
were missing. compared “to the IS or 20 it!
November."

Salkitt reported no other problems c‘ 'cpt
“rt lot of students came to the polls. They
didn‘t reali/e they couldn‘t vote becattsc they
were registered independents."

Voting was not as easy for runny students
in the general elections last November. Those
who turned ottt to vote encountered pro.
blcms which ranged from misplaced cards to
harassment. according to Student Associa-
tion l’rcsidcnt Rich Schaffcr.

lirtt'lier last year. relations between Schaf~
fer and city officials had dctrioratcd to the
point where ttcitltcr Albntty Mayor Thomas
Wltuictt nor lloard ot‘ iiicctiotts‘ (‘omtnis-
siotter Raymond Kittlcy would negotiate with
Selttrffer.

According to Schni't'cr. relations between
Whuicn and himself have now been patched
up. lie attributed the problems to tire fact
that ltc ttttd Whuicn had botlt just assumed
their positions, and were therefore “a little
green.“ last summer when the falling-out oc-

 

 

curred.

Whuicn said before tltc primary that the ci-
ty would be “glad to talk to SA officials (in
.liilll‘l, itlltl might be favorable towards a
change" itt the voting districts.

Schntlcr \ilitl ltc may drop SA‘s appeal of a
trump. district sttit ttgrtinst the city of Albany
itilll (\iltiilt) ('ottttty bccttttsc city leaders have
csptcsscd tt desire to work with SA.

Schat'l'cr snid ire filed a suit last fttll because

ltc felt ciectiott districts were gcrrytttnttdcrcd
to discriminate against students. iiicetiott
districts were c\pillltlL‘tl to keep sotne polling
places off campus lte claimed.

“Last year‘s decision was against us" but
the case is currently in appeal. Schat'i‘cr said.

Schal'l'cr said that Whuicn amt several city
aidcrrtrctr have a “different attitude towards

students" than they diti last full. Home of-
ficials. Sclt' ' -r it\\L‘llL‘(l. "t'ccl students
should participate" lllI|I‘L‘ itt the elections
process. ‘

llc sttitl there is a possibility for itll out—of-
cotttr scrtlctncnt “fill the city.

“l‘m hoping to sit down with the Mayor
nrttl discuss tltc possibility of settling out-ot-

 

Unit” or coming to an agreement that will be
tr good cotttpromisc for all." L‘\]‘IlttlItL‘(l
Scital'l'cr.

Schnl'fcr said ltc foresees no major dit'l'icttl«
ty irt teaching rm ttgtcctncrtt \\itlt \Vltttlcn
because “after the lrtst election. things have
settled down. Students and the county have
bcctt willing to not k together." i

 

  
 
   

collected 3275 outside the Campus
Center last Friday. lining it up around the
fountain in rows to create what they call-
ed a “Magic Money Mile."

iundralslng eitort eventually formed three
rows that stretched halfway around the
fountain.

were placed on the rim of the launtaln by
representatives of the Albany State
Chapter of the College Council of
Students for Special Olympics. which
sponsred the tundralser.

more received a ticket which they could
exhcange for cotton candy, popcorn, or
soda at the stands set up nearby.

President Debbie Budd said that the
donations gathered will be spent on
uniforms for the Special Olympic Area
Games In May.

“Magic Money Mile ”

Students working tor Special Olympics
Money collected during the three hour

Coins and bills donated by passerbys

Those who contributed 50 cents or

Spaicat OlympicsAlbany Chapter

 

 

 

”M@M guess" and a trip to Boston. she
said.

dlcapped. said Budd. who became Involv-
ed with the Special Olympics when she
dressed up as a clown tn the ’79 Interna-
tional Games.

“When ou’ve been hugged by one of
those kids. " she added, you really know
ERICA SPEtuEL ups' you've been hugged."

The College Council of Students for
Special Olympics tries to increase
awareness of the handicapped, who are

sometimes overlooked. explained Budd.

in the past, they have sponsored an

“it's a good feeling" to help the hen.

—Jane Anderson

 

 

 

