 

 

t
i
i
i

am M._

  
  
   

 

 

"C’eSt Moi

, l didn't get any Valentines this year.

and l write columns
when l am single as

seems pretty unnecessary.

tell you how wonderful you
Except that happens almost any time you do something like that. doesn't it?

make on this kind of holiday would make me i ‘
Granted. from a Romantic . gen all loo.
most attractive. a Good Thing a Wonderful Statement 0
. n Th St t 0
Life, and all other such hogwash. Practically speaking. e a e f Amerlcan
xious that for every Bunny and Brad that end Valent
haul. and feeling pretty good about themselves

Valentine’s Day should, ideally, be. N'est pas? -
Cruel. but true. SUNY Albany is one of the most ridiculo
tions l have ever come across, and Valentine’s Day. the most
I good enough? What will I net? Why did her boyfriend giu
when mine only gave me a rose?-
There was a good idea behind Valentine’s Day
worked out all that w ‘

sour grapes essay that it might be percieved to be.

But I honestly think that a
'  L 77/
ZAf/éﬂi—x

usly competitive institu-
competitive holiday. Am
e her candy and a rose.

And that really bothers me.

  
   

FRIDAY asATURDAY.

 

“TWILIGHT ZONE movie do

 

L ‘ Introspccr

 

Contents

 

That used to really depress me; now. it Just makes me philosophical and thoughtful,
about it. i never really consider Valentine's Day as nice a holiday
I it seems to be when l‘am seeing someone, for obvious reasons.
lt'makes sense. though. doesn‘t it? Valentines day is the holiday for people in love.
It s the holiday that makes everybody else feel like shit if they come up empty on It.
’ Not that any of that actually bothers me. for. as anyone who knows me will tell you.
ld send a Valentine to myself if i really wanted one, Just because i like me so much.
But it does bother some people. and that makes me wonder if this Hershey-
manufactured. FT D-affiliated holiday is worth all the trouble. The actual holiday itself
H I I all in all. The events seem to run something along these
nes. You get your girlfriend/boyfriend candy or flowers. and they give you a kiss and
are, and you go around feeling pretty good all day. Great.

Vinyl Views: Sound Sultan Jonas Nachsin
view of the extraordinary achievements an
the musical history of Chrissie Hynde and
review of their latest release. ‘

gives a concise over-
d violent upheavals in
The Pretenders in his

 

 

it's been twenty years since the Beatles first
and in a look at the Beatlemania that swe
their arrival, Jerry
decreased very little.

arrived on our shores.
pt the nation following
Campione finds that their popularity has

 

 

pormotvrew' theme ofaday dedicatedtolove seems Perspectives: lan Spelling unveils a remarkable interpret
the new movie, The Dresser. starring Tom Courtenay an
Finney.And in a sidelong glance homeward. Joe Fusco
his desire to escape the past by attending a college far fro
Are the motives for leaving valid?

 

 

 

Sound and Vision: Joe Roma
pleasing chwe indeed, and B
SUNYA Art Gallery,

no finds the Eurythmics Touch a
arbara Hurwitz ventures into the
and finds it well worth the time.

 

 

Lw
Look ahead to stimulating and exciting cultural.
UNYA and around town with
ppenings. The Freshman awaits
n, and Campus Views takes a look at the

and cinema events at S
Spectrum’s calendar of future ha
the coming of a new seaso
evolution of a SUNY stu

 

 

 

 

  

THIS WEEKEND AT

UNIVERSITY CINEMAS

7:30 and-10:00

 

FEBRUARY 24. i934

Jonas Nachsin

    
  
  
 
 

Tire story is pretty familiar by now. but
just for the record. here's the legacy:

Chrissie Hynde . . . leaves safe en-
vironment of Akron. Ohio. to live therocker's
life iir London in l‘)73. . . gains reputation
for writing savage reviews in top English music
mag. NME . . . unleashes classic first album
with her group. The Pretenders . . receives
great, critical acclaim and commercial success
both in the States and in Britain puts not
fantastic follow-up single. "Talk of the Town."
on ﬁ-soirg EP . . . after two year lapse. fear of
the dreaded second album curse releases
Pretenders ii. a solid but misunderstood work.
which is maligned by critics and fans
alike . successful 198] tour broken up by
drummer Martin Chambers" hand
injury . . tour continues iiiitlrobviousdisplay
of tension between Hynde and ex-boyfriend
and bandmate. Pete l“iilfli(ltiii White

Lines .death .laincs lloireynian-
Scott. twenty~fivcyeaim|d lead
guitarist Pete lirrndon. bassist

curious speculation romance with Ray
Davies. head band member of the
l\'iiiks pregnancy "Back on the
Chant Gang" re-eslablishes band's iiirportance
and confirms their survival new
members. . anticipation MTV spon-
sorship of l‘l84 tour . new
album. Nvu' Pretenders Chrissie
Hynde .. learning to crawl from the
wreckage.

After listening to The Pretenders' new
album. Learning to Crawl. it's very easy to
underestimate the impact which .lanies
Honeyman-Scott's death has had on Chrissie
Hynde. The new album is chock full of
straight-out rockers (“Middle of the Road."

_“Time the Avenger." “Watching the

Clothes"). beautiful ballads (“2.000 Miles."
“Thin Line Between Love"). and tuneful pop
melodies in the "Stop Your Sobbing"/"Brass
in Pocket" vein ("Back On the Chain Gang."
"Show Me"). but few. if any. relerences are
made outright to Horieymari~5cott's tragic
death. Even "352k on tiTe Chain Gang."‘con-
trary to popular belief. does not constitute a
tribute. since this song was written well before
the late gultarist's drug overdose occured. But
upon more careful review. anyone who has
followed The Pretenders since their Inception
in the late 705 realizes that it simply would not
be Chrlssie's style to come right out and reveal
her mourning. Instead. she turned a negative
turn of events Into positive energy and wrote a
batch of great new songs which indicate a
direct change in style and a new attitude about
the value of life.

Though Chrissie doesn't eulogize Farndon's
or Honeyman-Scott's deaths through any
clear-cut. comfortable lyric on Learning to
Crawl. she does let her guard down a number
of times. most notably on “Show Me.“ arid
“2.000 Miles" where she communicates hurt.
despair. and yearning like an injured animal,

The opening track. and second single.
"Middle of the Road." diverts the listener's at~
tention away from Chrissie's plight for the mo-
ment. since this one is an all-out back-breaker
designed to get the listener off of his ass and
onto the nearest dance floor. With cute
Motownlsh "ooh~oob-ooh-onh" back-up

   

 

—.~

 

vocals by the boys iii the band. and classrc
Hynde toughness exhibited through lyrics like.
“There's corrugated tin-shacks lull tip with
kids. and man. I don't mean a l’lempstead
nursery/But when you owrr a big clrunck of
the bloody third world. the babies rust come
with the scen-er-y." this song is destined to be
an FM hit. as well as MTV‘s latest pet vidoe.
This is a pretty strong comeback from a lady
supossedly beladen with grled and angst.

Next up is “Back on the Chain Gang." latest
winner of the Pretenders' "Release~ai~great-
singlevwith-a-BssidewhichAis-justvas-goodor-
better-not~less-thanAsixvmoirths-befor‘e-the~
LP-isteleased" award. They did it with “Stop
Your Sobbing." "Kid." and "Brass In Pocket"
prior to the first album. and with the "Talk of
the Town"/"Message of Love" single before
the release of Pretenders If. This song coin-
bines Chrissie's soft-spoken vocal work with
pretty guitar picking from session man Billy
Brenner and enough "ooh-aalr"s to make
Sam Cooke. who perforated the classic
“Chain Gang." pleased just for the friendly
recognition.

On "Time the Avenger." and "Middle of the
Road" producer Chris Thomas. who has
worked with The Pretenders since they forni-
ed. as well as the Sex Pistols. pumps up the
volume of Martin Chambers' bass and tom
tom drums to give The Pretenders their
distinctive. “pound-at-it-ti|l~it-dies" sound. ala
Sieve Lillywhite. A tuneful. repeated guitar
lick combined with Chambers' synchronized
tick—tack drum beat makes "Time the
Avenger" stick in the listener‘s mind like a
metronome that never stops ticking; l-lynde's
sultry vocals recall the slirriy character she
brutally attacked in "Pack it Up" from
Pretenders If and "Private Life" from
Pretenders.

“Show Me." whicll closes side one. is the
sleeper standout lronr Learning to Crawl This

 

 

-mm.~h--~a .. .u .4 . a»... H... mu..-“

  
  

  

 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
   
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
      
   
   
     

song reveals Chrissie singing in a nitric iii-
timtrle. flowing tone. as opposed to her more
characteristic. sarcastic. hard-edged style This
track also features playful guitar strumming
from newcomer Robbie McIntosh: he's no
James l’loneymtrn-Scolt. but is instead an ex-
cellent guitarist with a classic fender sound
which seems to fit well with what the
Pretenders are currently doing. Besides. it
would be trite and embarassing to the group to
use a strict imitation of Scott's playing. In
"Show Me." Chrissie makes an apparent
reference to her new daughter. as she quietly
sings. "you with your angel face — keep the
depair at bay. send ll away."

Other notable tracks include "Thumbelinrr."

a rockabilly romper/lullaby (who said it
couldn't be done?). which also may constitute
a dedication to Hynde's new baby. Chrissie
begins with. "Hush little baby -—- don't you
cry." and continues "What's important in this
world w a little boy. a little girl . . . all the love
iii the world for you girl." Also included on
side two is the flipside to the "Back on the
Chain Gang" single. “My City Was Gone."

This song features Big Country bassist Tony

 

 
 

 

Butler's gliding. sexy bass line complemented

by Chambers' lazy drum beat. and deliberate.
sultry Vocals from Hynde.‘expressing her
disillusionment upon returning home to Ohio
through the lyrical Question — “Ay. oh.
where'd ya go. Ohio?"

The riirlytlirowawuy piece her is "Tlrln Llrie
Between Love and Hate." a song originally
done by The l’resuaders. The Pretenders
neither add anything to the brigirral version.
not gain anything from this excursion. though
past cover versions have proven quite suc-
cessful. namely "Stop Your Sobblng" and “I
Go to Sleep." both Ray Davies compositions.
"l Hurt You" is the only song which might fit in
corrriortably with any earlier Pretenders
material urinotlceably; it's very reminiscent of
"Waste Not. Want Not" from Pretenders ll.
"Watching the Clothes" is a playful B~52'5-i5h
ioirip which sounds like a l’retl
Schneider Chuck Berry collaboration linrtlr-
shattering significance no. fun: yes' i

The album closes with "Zilllll Miles." a Very
simple and pretty ballad which was released
this past (‘hiistrnas Lyrics like. "He's gone
21H") iiillt'\ [miss you . . . He'll be back
at Cliristirras time I'll think of you
\\l|\'|t'\'i'| you go." Indicate that this may be
lllt' iitillil‘t’l eulogy to l'loneyinarr-Scott’s

 

 

death that HIV iiliisli‘ press has been 5o madly
soarclrrirg for This is the perfect linale‘to Lear~
mug in (‘ruuvl which roars in like a lion with
"Middle of the Road" and sneak out like a
lamb wiilr “2.00” Miles."

Looming to Crawl substantiates and
strengthens Chrissie Hynde‘s statute as the
best female rock 'n roll performer today. Gone
are the bad-boy. slashing guitar chords of
James lioneynran-Scott and churning bass of
Pete lTariidon. on Learning to Crawl and in
their place step in seasoned beterans. guitarist
Robbie Mclntosh and bassist Malcom Foster.
They contribute adequately to.the success of
Learning to Crnicl. but the main force behind
The Pretenders has always been and will corr-
iinue to be Chrissie Hynde. with' Martin
Chambers serving as the group's guiding soul
and spirit. Thus. the success of Learning to
(.‘rau-l in the wake of such misfortune ls direct-
ly attributale to the fact that Chrissie Hynde is
simply a fantastic songwriter who has an In-
' credible love for rock 'n roll and an unstop-
pahle test for life. Chrissie Hynde learn to
crawl.J Hell. she never even stopped
running. I:

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘ .
of the' TV series. " p ﬁres the beauty

— Roger Ebert, CHICAGO sUMtrmss ‘

 

    
 

 

 

 

Ready For Battle? '

Aspects Writing Contest

RULES

  

3.Coritestants must be registered students
at SUNY Albany,

Fiction

Personal Essays

Send Your Best Weapon To The

LAII contestants must be mammals: pieces
submitted by reptiles will not be considered.

2.Tlre deadline for contest subrrrissions ls
March 9th. Tire winners of the contest will be
published in Aspects on March 30.

 

double-spaced. or they will not be considered.
tries as they like.

addresses. and phone numbers; winners will
be notified prior to publication of their work.

Photography Art
' Humor Poetry

4.All submissions must be typed and

5.All contestants may submit as many en-

6.Coiitestants must provide their names.

 

 

 
 

 

