an 1,; "-Lc. 

 

 

ring Kevin Bacon and Lori Singer. Is
_ oot tapping entertainment featuring
some of today's most popular rock-n-roll ar-
tists. Employing a refreshing "theme. the film
centers around modern music and a battle
for personal liberty In a restricted society. '

‘ JodiJacobs.

' Kevin Bacdn stars as teenager Ren Mac-
Cormack, a city-boy from Chicago who finds
himself stepping on the toes of the conser~
vatives living In his new town. Bowmont.
with his "radical" ways. Bowie dress-ties.
and obsession with rock and roll. Thrust Into
a small Midwestern town. where music and
dancing are viewed as contaminants. he is
ostracized by the people of Bowmont upon
his appearance. Ren finds himself fighting,
Bowmont's autocratic minister. its city coun-
cll. and eventually winding up face to face
with the challenge of revitalizing the hearts of
the town's youth by sparking their desire to
achieve the freedom of their personal ex-
pression.

Through rock-n-roll, of course.

Lori Singer co~stars as Ariel Moore. the
town minister‘s free spirited daughter. Singer
portrays a small town teen with a desire to
learn more about the world by breaking out
of Bowmont. Ariel is a rebel with no more of
a cause than the yearning to establish herself
as more than “the reverend's daughter." it Is

F sot/005e, the new motion pictbre star-

 

 

 

 rruaaau  ' ' ' '

Failur‘

her belief in herself and her uncertainty
about hergfather's beliefs that wage a con-
tinous battle. causing the two to drift‘further

apart.
John Lithgow gives an enjoyable perfor-

mance as Reverand Shaw Moore, the town's .

minister. dedicated far beyond the call of its
spirituality. He Is so much a preacher that he
tends to neglect his own‘fatherly duties. The
close relationship Ariel and he once shared Is

severed as Shaw tries to save her and the'

congregation by sheltering their growth.

_Smothered by small town constraints. Ren
and Ariel are two of very few among their
contemporaries with the desire to win and
achieve. Ariel finds herself attracted to Ren
and. as expected. romance blossoms bet-
ween the two. The movie takes a turn with
Ren, now accompanied by Ariel. continuing
his fight. Seeing the chance to challenge the
long established precedents of this narrow-
minded community, they take It. they fight
it. they win It.

Plunging Into a battle against convention,
this fancy-free city-boy confronts the public
majority. Ren opens the eyes and minds of
the community. singlehandedly galvanizes
Its youth and teaches us all that spirit belongs
not only to a congregation but In the hearts
of Its people.

The casting In Footloose introduces a
variety of fresh faces to the motion picture
screen. while the film's original song scores
incorporated the talents of some of today's

 

‘ d you ever go to a movie you ex-
ected to hate and walked out of the

theater singing its praises? Well. Un-
laithlully Yours is definitely a film which fits
into that category.

 

Ian Spelling

 

Dudley Moore and Nastassla Klnskl are
the charming stars of this engaging farce.
Who would have believed It?

Moore has not had a major success In
quite a while. Since his big hits. 10 and Ar-
thur, his box-office drawing power has wan-
ed considerably. Flrst there was Six Weeks, a
morbid and depressing tearjerker which co-
starred Mary Tyler Moore. in addition to be-
Ing a bad film. it also had the misfortune of
being released during the Christmas season.

After doing an unintentional pratfall with
his first try at drama. Moore returned to com-
edy with Louesick. The public obviously felt
that his Arthur retread was neither funny nor
entertaining. for the film failed miserably,

He followed up with a picture that co~
starred Mary Steenburgen. This film, the title
of which escapes me. floundered in movie
theaters only for a short time because its
distributors mercifully pulled it before too
many people had the opportunity to view it.

Nastassia Kinski has also endured her
share of bombs. Roman Polanski's Tess
launched her career. but since then she has
appeared in Francis Ford Coppola's mega-
bomb One From the Heart. Cat People.and
Exposed. ln Exposed. Rudolph Nureyev ac<
tually seduces her with a vldlin bow. Raun-
chy? Maybe. but the cheap thrill did nothing
to turn audiences on to the film.

Next up was Moon In the Gutter. which
her co-star Gerard Depardleu termed “Film
In the Gutter."

 

 

 

Kinski’s infamous appearance on Late
Night with David Letterman (remember the
hairdo?). Richard Avendon's photo of her
naked body draped by a large python. and
the fact that she bares her breasts In nearly
every one of her films — Unfaithfully Your-
sincluded — have done nothing but severely
harm a once promising career.

Putting both Moore and Kinski together
sounded like box-office suicide. but this was
even further confounded when 20th Cen-
tury Fox chose Preston Sturge's 1948 Classic
Unfaithfully Yours as the vehicle for the two
fading stars. Why remake a movie which had
already done well?

Dudley Moore. Nastassia Kinski. Another
remake. "Turkey" was squarely written all
over the project. But NO! Unlalth/ully Yours
works. and on several levels. it's funny.
romantic. sexy. well-acted. and ultimately
ingratiating. Dudley Moore fans get the old
drunken stupor routine (via drugs, not
alcohol). but It does not reach the point of
overkill. Nastassia Kinski acts; she presents
every required emotion, and at the right mo-
ment. This may sound like faint praise. and
rightly so; any competent actress could'have
performed the role. However. Kinskl makes
It her own by simply being her un-usual
aloof, but accessible. self.

‘Armand Assante subtley portrays Moore's
protege. Maxmiilian. But it is Richard Liber-
tini who nearly steals the show. He plays
Moore's protective man Friday. who
possesses an ltallan heritage which tends to
inﬂuence even the most routine activities.

The story line is deceptively simplistic.
Moore is a world-renowned conductor who
has just returned from a European concert
tour to discover that his wife may have had a
late night llason with his young protege.

 

 

 

top names In contemporary music. Artists
such as Bonnie Tyler, Sammy Hagar. Karla
Bonhoff, Moving Pictures. Shalamar, Ann
Wilson and Mike Reno and Denlece
Williams. as well as Kenny Loggins (who
performed the title track) helped make the
soundtrack to Footloose the very marketable
piece of merchandising its producers no
doubt Intended it to be. The pieces. save for
Footloose. were all written after the comple-
tion of the movie. so as to enhance desired
emotions the specific scenes were intended
to induce. The upbeat rhythm was well
woven into the script and strongly tied to the
action's energy. but the_c_h_oreoggphy was
disappointing. An abandoned warehouse

urprise

Although he has no solid proof to confirm
what actually took place. Moore decides to
take action. Rather than commit suicide.
Moore decides to murder his wife. He envi-
sions a fool-proof and perfectly detailed ver-
sion of the killing. and the film focuses on his
bungling attempts o carry out the plan.
Howard Zleff (Ptiuate Benjamin) directed.

 

created the stage for Kevin Bacon to try his
hand at flashdanclng.‘ Leaping to the beat
that cranked out of his Volkswagen. he was
good. but not quite the next Jennifer Beals.

Footloose. starring Kevin Bacon and Lori
Singer has Its moments, good and bad. it is a
giant step above Flashdance although it
focuses on much the same subjects its not
too acclaimed predecessor did — personal
achievement agajpst the .odds. The film
moves fast; Its original theme. upbeat music

-and fresh talent Is a welcome change. it can
certainly put some spirit In your heart and
"spunk" In your shoes — so toss on those

‘ capezios and check it out.

the film and deserves much of the credit for
Its success. However. Unfaithfully Yours is
not without its flaws; it does tend to drag in
the middle and it is often too simple-minded
and predictable. But the film is more than the
sum of its parts. and it makes for a very
entertaining couple of hours; a pleasant
d i v e r s i o n . ‘

.. _
' 0 two are rernlnlling about a
former mutual aqainllnce.

 

 

‘ e LOst saxo

ey, Belinda... "
“Get out of here. i don‘t even know

you."
“Awww. come on. I grew up next door to
u, My uncle committed suicide In your
ckyard. He hung a noose from that big oak
e, climbed up on a trash barrel and..."
“All right..."
“Your little sister was the one who found
m. She looked out the kitchen window In
e morning and there he was/"
"Alright, alright already. So we lived next
or to each other. What's the big deal. You
ople were so weird!"

‘ Wayne Peereboom

 

"That's all In the past. We're 600 miles away
am there now. I've changed. "

She brushed back her long blonde hair and
oked up from the desk: "You mean they're
cycling garbage now?"

"Come on Belinda, we haven't seen each
titer in two years, couldn't we just talk?"

"Look." she said lightening up her tone.
You are right. It is all In the past and I'd like to
eep It that way. "

Jack's eyes focused on his image in the mir-
or. There was a strand of hair hanging over
Is forehead. A Charlie Parker album leaned
p against the wall In the background. He

nurtured if Belinda Thompson would really
«act that way If she saw him. He was thinking
bout going over to see her, Her mother had
aid Belinda was working in a doctor's office
ver on the corner of Grant and Lexington. ll
ouch be nice to see her since he hadn't run
nto many familiar faces In the three weeks
ie'd been In the city.

9 had learned the finer points of the female
natomy from Belinda and her little sister In
hose after school games of spin the bottle —

erdie being In the front room. of course.
hey were six or seven back then. it would be
un to suggest a game for old times

ake...no,..she already thought he was crazy
nough as It was.

Anyway. Jack had more important things
on his mind. He’rr‘eeded a job. The cash he‘
had saved up was wearing thin. He had saved
up those bucks working long hours at McKen-

' na's lce Cream Parlor while living at Gertie's. it

as all part of a grand plan to get the hell out
of that town at the end of 1949. You see. Jack
loved jazz - “Bird” Parker. Dizzy Gillespie,
young Miles Davis.all of them. Jack played the
enor sax. His plan was to get a job - preferably
in a music store - to put food on the table and

‘ ay the rent. meet some musicians and start a

and. 52nd street. it was quite a scene. Jack
was over there practically every night. That's
vhere all his money was going.

 

 

He threw “the Bird" on the phonograph
and picked up the sax. He practically had the
record down note for note although there
were still a few rough edges. Jack became lost
in ecstacy. just blowing out the jaa. The job
search would have to wait a little longer.

The album side finished. Using a lot of self-
discipline. Jack shut off the phonograph and
put the sax away In Its case. He threw on a
jacket and flew down the three flights of stairs.
it was a warm. bright spring afternoon. lke was
sitting on the stoop In shirtsleeves. A balding.
older man, lke was the one person in the
building Jack knew. lke seemed like a good
soul although he frothed at the mouth a bit
when he got excited talking about certain
issues.

“Afternoon. lke."

"Jack. my boy! Fine yourself a job yet?"

"Nope. still looking. lke."

"That’s alright. i haven't worked in three

ripecu.

hohé

 

 

years." lke said sliding his thin frame over so
Jack could have a seat. “You're going to be a
musician. Isn't that right?"

“Yea. i'd like to be."-

lke cracked a knowing smile. "Yea. i came
to the city back In the 20's. Was just a
youngster. Was goin’ to be a musician just like
you. Played‘a mean trumpet. Yea. we had a
combo together. Musta played every damn
club in the city. Never really got anywhere.
though. Never got a record or anything. No.
just playing them smokey clubs night after
night..."

“Coulda settled down In Tulsa. My brother
runs a typesetting shop there. you know. Pro-
bably be sitting at home right now with a wife.
a couple kids. and maybe even
grandchildren."

“But l'll tell ya. Jack. i don't regret the way
things turned out. You gotta try. my boy. Ya

Flying 11 Two Wing

wo Wlngs to Veil My Face is an In-

triguing novel by Leon Forrest. The

story begins with twenty-one year
old Nathaniel Witherspoon as the eager
listener to the storytelling of his grand-
mother. Great Momma vaeetle Reed. as
she recalls her life as a slave girl owned by
her master and later by her husband.

Maria Carlino

ﬁx
The novel Is similar to Alex Haley's Roots.

I it brings the reader not only through the ex—

periences of the old negro woman. but also
guides us through the history and culture of
the South during the days of slavery.

Leon Forrest Indulges his readers with pic-
turesque descriptions of Great Momma
Sweetie Reed In her southern kitchen. cook-
ing “...something to stick to your ribs like
ham hocks. licked to the soul of black-eyed
beans and collards." and offering wisdom to
young Nathaniel: "You Can't get right on the
outside until you get right on the inside."

With each new chapter and turn of the
Page. my love and concern for this woman
QYEW. l became part of her nightmarish
childhood experiences, and felt the
devastating rejections from her father and
her husband. Feelings of suspense and anx-
'etv shot through me as each chapter relating
her troubles and her dreams unfolded.

To develop the richness and authenticity
Of this unique woman. Leon Forrest uses ap-

 

 

 

. propriate wording and language. giving the
novel a pleasant and believable style.
Born in Chicago and educated at Wilson
Junior College. Roosevelt University. and
l the University of Chicago. Forrest has writ-

. ten two novels ,— There is a Tree More An-
cient Than Eden (1973i and The Blood-
‘ worth Orphans (1977). hﬁa also contributed
to the editing of the Chicago Community
, Weeklies of Muhammad Speaks. and to the

gotta try..."

"Hello. Thompson Plumbing and
Heating...Yea i think he's In. Let me check".
"Jack." the secretary called out. “there's a
call for you on line two." ‘

The ring of the phone had brought Jack
back to reality.

Jack had never really made It to the city.
True. he had those plans but he never used
them. instead he'd married the girl next door.
That's right. Belinda never made it either.
Now 51 years old and graying. Jack had spent
the last 30 years working in Belinda's father's
plumbing and heating business. There were
kids. and undoubtably grandchildren on the
way. ‘

"Tell 'em l'm not in." Jack grumbled.

He held his face in his hands mumbling
"You gotta try. you gotta try." D

'writlng of the Libretto for the opera Soldier

Boy, Soldier. Currently. he is an associate
professor In the Afro-American Studies
Department at Northwestern University.
Along with recreating a world of Southern
black heritage. the author includes folklore
and the supernatural In the novel. He refers
to William Shakespeare's most devious
villain. lago. from Hamlet. to correlate with
Great Momma Sweetie Reed's father.
i.V.Reed. or “Honest ivy." to more effec-
tively express the hatred and resentment this
woman feels toward her hypocritical parent.
She sings out, “i'm gonna live the life i
sing about in my song. . .folks may watch me,
say l'm foolish, i don't care...not for gold.
nor for lame. but for the love of Jesus‘
name."Such religious hymns and proclama-
tions flow through the pages of the novel to
further emphasize the importance and in-
volvement of religious faith and revelation to
Southern black heritage. Similarly. love and
respect of the body and soul. along with sex-
ual aggression. are interwoven In the novel
as the priest forbids "abuse ml God's
creatures —- more alluring and beautiful in
the Master's eyes than the lillies of the field In
all of their glory. . . "

Leon Forrest presents a showcase of his
writing talents. and his knowledge of the
Afro-American culture through the life
stories of the old negro woman. Great Mom-
ma Sweetie Reed. in this Intenser rich and

 

 

driving masterpiece. “j

 

