The guy from Sri [Janka hadn’t moved in

five days. When i woke up in the morning.

he would be there. legs in a lotus. lying on

t his back staring at the ceiling. Or when he was slt- .

. ting up — during one of his rare changes of posi:
tion that I never actually saw. I would only notice
that he was In a different position —- he would
gaze absently at the trees through the window of
our hostel room.

Every morning I would get up early to begin
agaig‘my search for an apartment in downtown

I Belgrade and he would be there. in one of those

1 two positions. watching me out of the corner of his

’ eye. And in the evening when I returned he would
be there. doing his impersonation of Tito. lying
motionless on the bed.

ldidn’t even notice he was there the first day. It
reminded me of a Japanese friend from third
grade who. when we played dodgeball. stood
perfectly still and everyone. being used to moving
targets. found it impossible to hit him. Life can be
like that. If you stand absolutely still and quiet you
can watch the world go rushing by without being
by any of it. After a while you either
invisible or they lock you up.

TM noticed him the second day and tried to
communicate. So did the others In the room:
Raza. an Iranian who speaks Pharsis. Turkish,
English, a little Arabic. and less Serbo-Croation;
Housam, an Iraqui refugee from Syria did his best

» too; and the Jordanian. whose name I never
caught but whose first words 1'" always remember:
"Aren’t you ashamed of your country's foreign
policy?" gave it a try. By the time the Jordanian
asked me that question I had been on the road for
six months discussing essentially the same topic
with Danes, Swedes. Soviets. Germans. ltalians.
and more recently. Iranians. Syrians. Lebonese.
and Yugoslavians. I was really tired and didn’t
want to go through the same shit again but he was
insistent and so I decided to play around with him

= for a while.

Being the only native English speaker in a room

" full of people who are not. but are trying to argue
in it anyway is a weird experience. They go really
hard on each others language skills and not only
do you have to make the usual pronounciation
andtgramatical calls but everything you say has an
extra .aura of authority carri'ed over from your
linguisticexpertise. It gives an added edge that
can be particularly helpful during sticky political

arguements. And when the Jordanian told me
that Israel was a cancer to be removed at any cost.
I knew I needed an edge. For a while I considered
telling him I was Jewish just to confuse him a bit.
but I wasn't sure. if l did. if l’d wake up in the mor-
ning. At the rate we were going. though, I was
doubtful I'd ever get to sleep. He said if the U.S.
would only leave the Middle East alone they could
solve all their problems. I pointed out that Iran and
Iraq were not doing too well in settling their dif-
ferences. brought in the Soviet Union. threw a lot
of semantic gibberish at him , explained that the
present administration was not particularly
responsive to public opinion anyway. and went to
sleep. '

l was glad he didn't get a chance to bring up
Grenada. 1 was in Moscow during the invasion
and the only news I could get was from the US.
Embassy official teletypes. Stacks of them. All
were official political statements and speeches. It is
amazing how little you can find out about
something with nothing but governmental policy
statements to go on. The Russians seemed to be
worse off than I was. they didn't seem to be aware
anything was happening until I got to Leningrad
three days later. Thanks to the U.S.I.S. I knew
enough now to know that something was serious-
ly wrong. but not enough to know exactly what.
Not being a frequent reader of official statements.
I had no idea if they were always overdramatic or
if something was really amiss.

It wasn't until l got back to Copenhagen that l
began to get a clear picture of what had happen-
ed. And then I was really horrified. From my van-
tage point there was no difference between the
American invasion of Grenada and the Soviet in-
vasion of Afghanistan. The circumstances leading
up to each invasion were the same. The irony of a
country that had so vigorously opposed the inva-
sion of Afghanistan behaving in the same reckless
paranoid manner was incomprehensible to me.
The only difference was that the Americans were
promising to leave quickly and the Russians still
have over 100.000 troops in Afghanistan more
than half a decade later. But none of the
American journalists I could get a hold of
(figuratively) even whispered the ‘word
Afghanistan. And when the Newsweek issue
about the incident finally made it to Europe. l was
outraged by the lack of any critical perspective.
Surely there must be someone on the Newsweek

staff who thought the invasion wasn't such a ho. F
idea. if a democratic republic ts incapable oi i:-
generating opposing ideas then it might as wellbe
a Totalltarian state. It is a fundamental cor.
nerstone of not only democracy but of good jam.
nalism to resent a Wide variety of viewpoints. It f

everyone agrees. then either it is a very unimpor-
tant Issue or something is very wrong

But the Jordanian guy never got to ask me
about Grenada. and the conversations in our
room drifted towards other things. One day Rate
and l were discussing how easy it was to main
money driving trucks from the Tiergarden not
Munich to the Iranian border through Turkeyand
how you could make even more money smuggl‘
ing electronic watches into Bulgaria when Jig'iiﬂ
came to life. The only word the Sri Lankan 9W
knew that we did was the Hindu word for fucking:
Jig-Jig, so that’s what we called him. “That iig'iig
guy" or “Jig-jig". or Just “Jig” If we were talking
quickly. It was the first time l'd seen him moveand
it startled me. He had a big smile. his eyes shone.

English word he understood. “Smuggling? Smug'
gling?" he asked. Raza told me that the 513
Lankans fancied themselves excellent smuggleri
and took great pride in It. "Smuggling?" Jlti'llg

W

ked again. but we were laughing too hard at him
. even try to answer. It was at that moment a guy
ho seemed to know Jig came into the room. As

' turns out. he spoke English and after nearly a

eek of speculation we began to unravel Jig-th’s
ry.

Iv-v.

For 28 years he had endured the poverty of Sri-
Ljnka. Finally he decided his only future lay

ewhere else. Jig-jlg's first thought was for that

g at land of opportunity. the United States. but
that's as far as he got. a thought. Knowing well full
th" U.S. doesn’t issue visas to people like him, he

led on Greece. But the Greeks didn‘t want him

either and Jlg’s entire life began to revolve
atjbund. not how he could earn his fortune. but
 he could get into a country where he could

llllg-iig had what seemed to be a foolproof plan
getting a Greek visa. it seems that Romania

‘ s not have diplomatic relations with Sri Lanka.‘

I t Britain does. and because Sri Lanka is part of
‘1 commonwealth. assumes responsibility for Sn

and suddenly he was the most animated person in lé‘nkan citizens in Romania. Jig's plan was to get

the room. We had stumbled across the only to Romania and lose his passport. forcing the

tlsh Embassy to issue him a brand new British
ssport. With a British passport he would be able
, get into Greece. But he had to get into

' mania first.

by Gregg Stevens

The only European country that would let Jig-
)ig in from Sri Lanka was Yugoslavia. He made it
into Belgrade with no trouble at all. But he soon
ran into serious difficulties.

The Romanian Embassy was quite courteous
when Jig paid for his visa in Belgrade. But ap-
parently they have two types of visas at the Roma-
nian Embassy: the type they let you pay for. and
the type they let you into the country with. Three
times Jig boarded a train from Belgrade to
Bucharest and three times they turned him back at
the border. .

Jig-Jig didn't have a plan B and now he was tur-
ning to us for suggestions. Well. he had come to
the right place anyway. the room was filled with
people whose lives revolved around which coun-
tries they could get into. Except for me of course. I
sat there with my US. passport. the American Ex—
press card and travel documents. in my pocket:
occasionally supplying a needed word or‘two but
generally keeping my mouth shut. This plotting to
get into a country just to lose a passport more
resembled a terrorist activity than a travel agency.

Raza. who has a wilt: and two children in the
US. he can't get a visa to visit. hit upon the most
direct solution. If Jig were to fly from Belgrade to
Bucharest the customs people at the airport would
be less likely to send him back because it was
much more difficult for them to do. The next day
Jig-jig had a ticket.

It was a Saturday morning when l saw him at
the tramstop. There had been a blizzard the day
before. leaving two feet of snow on the ground.
Jig had been waiting an hour for the tram to the
bus to the airport but nothing seemed to be runn-
ing. He was worried he’d miss his plane. I was
worried he would freeze to death. Jig was wearing
sneakers, a sweatshirt. and thin polyester pants. I
guess noone had told him the'world climate tend-
ed to be a little colder than his native Sri Lanka.
Or maybe it was because he had expected to be In
Greece by now. At any rate. after standing like
that for an hour and a half in two feet of snow he
told me. through an Interpreter friend. that if the
tram didn't come soon he would fall over.

Jlg was still shivering when l saw him that even-
ing in his usual position at the hostel. The blizzard
had closed the airport and someone there had
told him the customs officials in Bucharest Would
have no qualms about sending him back. In
disgust he had cashed In his ticket.

"gs-n43”: ur rururnasowsr-w “you! M». t z.. N s '

Plan C involved a rumor that it was much easier

'to get a Greek visa from the Greek Embassy in

Hungary than anywhere else. Jig-jig abandoned
his plans to lose his passport and thought he’d
give it a shot in Budapest. There was only one
problem. the Hungarian Embassy in Belgrade
wouldn't give him a Hungarian visa.

Plan D wwas a modification of plan C. Jig-jig
had bought a train ticket to Prague and had
somehow managed to get a Checkloslovakian
visa. He had done this not because he wanted to
go to Prague. but because to get to Prague from
Belgrade one had to pass through. you guessed it.
Hungary. The plan now was to show the
Hungarian Embassy in Belgrade the ticket, get a
transit visa for Hungary. and get off the train a few
stops early. in Budapest. Once there he could get
his Greek visa and finally head south (passing
through Belgrade again) where he hoped to get a
job on a ship.

Well. Jig made it to Budapest but. rumors being
rumors, the Greek Embassy in Hungary did the
same as Greek Embassies everywhere else and
Jig~jig wound up back in Belgrade.

I‘ve since found an apartment but I go back to
the hostel occasionally to see how things are go-
ing. Jig~jig is still lying there. trying to figure out
what to do next. He has $000 left. His bed at the
hostel costs $3 a day including breakfast. and his
meals at the student mensa cost him another 80
cents. At $3.80 a day he has about three months
to figure out what to do, If he waits any longer he
won't be able to afford to get back to Sri Lanka.

And so he waits for an opportunity or a rumor.
for some vague chance of getting to a country
where he can work. His possibilities are limited.
but what else can he do? Jig-)ig believes in
Capitalism. the free market system. and the
American Dream. He believes what he hears on
Voice of America broadcasts. He longs to make
the American way his. but they won't let him in.

l hear they're rennovating the Statue of Liberty
in New York this year. While they’re at it: while
Reagan does his best to spread embarrassing pro- '
paganda about the greatness of American

Democracy; I think they should turn Miss Liberty -
around to face New Jersey and. with her back to
the rest of the world they should hang a sign
around her neck that says in big. bold. Red.
White. and Blue letters: LAND OF OPPORTUNI-
TY: NO VACANCIES i [I

 

