  

   
  

 I.“

‘ . \

 

 

 

 

Suzy Auletta, often merely dismissed
as a Rich Schaffer crony, surprised the
board with her new ideas and unwill-
ingness to be a pawn of any SA presi-
dent. Her fresh outlook. especially
towards student activism, combined
with her experience and contagious en-

. thusiasm has made her the unanimous
choice of the endorsement board.

The most noticeable quality about
Auletta Is her unending energy. Her
ideas would require increasing student
participation in SA and we believe she
has the ability and enthusiasm to ac-
complish this.

One Innovative idea that Auletta
discussed was an activities hotline at
the campus center information desk.
Students would call a certain number
and hear a recorded listing of all Upcom-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ELECTION SUPPLE

ice Pres

ENDORSEMENT

 

MENT l i FRIDA YAPRIL 6. I984i '

 

 

ident: ‘ Suzy Auletta

that_SA groups often encounter, Auletta
suggested holding workshops in
cooperation with SA's Director of Stu-
dent Prcgrammlng. Groups would be
given programming tips and shown ef-
fective methods of publicity. This is an
idea that's been tried before, but its
potential has never been realized. Aulet-
ta has the drive to see this project
through.

Auletta's effectiveness as an
organizer and programmer has already
been demonstrated through her work as
SA's Off-Campus Coordinator. Projects
like Sale House and Parent‘s Weekend
are evidence of her success. in addition,
she brings to the position experience as
a Central Council member as well as an

Her dedication to both women's safe-
ty and minority recruitment ls proven
through her record, which includes work-
Ing on task- forces dealing with both
issues. She's acquired the necessary
working knowledge oi SA's budget while
serving on SA's budget committee and
Council's finance committee. She was
also a memeber of the President's Task
Force on bus fee alternatives and
strongly‘opposes a bus fee.

Getting out the student vote has
become a national issue this year. Aulet-
ta recognized that a personal approach
Is the only way to ensure a large student
voter turnout. She suggested that stu-
dent representatives go door to door on
the quads and stand up on buses. urging
students to vote. We agree that this is
essential to achieving an impressive stu-
dent voter turnout in November.

As vice-president, Auletta would be
responsible for the hiring of SA

Auletta would remedy this with a typing
test for'ali secretaries and training for
office workers. We like both of these
solutions. In addition, Auletta supports
an affirmative action policy that offers a
slight advantage to minorities through a
point system.

Auletta, currently ,a member of SA‘s
executive branch, willingly acknowledg-
ed that SA was beset by internai, pro-
blems this year. She successfully per-
suaded us that next year she would be
able to at least reduce some of the ten-
sion that often develops between the
president and vice president.

To resolve this. she offered a two part
solution that partially depends on a flex-“
lble president but otherwise seems
workable. First, she said she would
refuse to be shut out by the SA presi-
dent. This would galn much needed
respect for the vice-presidential posi-
tion. Second. ,she would not allow
herself to get lost in bureaucracy. Some
administrative duties would be
delegated and she would focus her at-
tention on a number of specific projects
she's already begun planning.

Her well-conceived ideas coupled
with her commitment to stand by them,
should be the necessary formula to
make a difference within the executive
branch.

Our only criticism of Auletta Is a
weakness she is well aware of. in the
midst of her excitement to get SA mov-
ing, she may take on too many projects
and be unable to effectively complete
any of them. HoweverI she's aware of
this danger so hopefully she won't fall
Into the trap.

If a deal is not made with the SUNYA

_t|vist Student Union,

ideas of advertising the equipment In
trade magazines and holding an auction
seem feasible and were the only new
suggestions offered by any candidate.

Auletta's activist approach to student
government was refreshing especially
after a year of political bargaining with
the SUNYA administration. She ad-
vocated a coalition of SASU, NYPIRG.
Council's Student Action Committee,
and a revitalized Student Union.

To increase involvement In the ac-
she wants to
"market the group," publicize their im-
portance. and encourage the group to
address concerns that Student Action
Committee doesn't get to, such as dorm
room burglaries. This project is long
overdue; Student Union was once a
powerful activist force on campus, and
could be again.

Auletta‘s experience showed In her
realistic approach to student apathy,
After helping coordinate last years com-
bined parents. community. and
homecoming weekend. she suggests
that the events be split up and held on
separate weekends, so students can
participate In all the activities these pro-
grams offer. She would also like to see
SUNYA's athletic program used to in-
crease school spirit. a promising project
begun by this year's SA vice-president.

To attract more students into SA, she
wants to use RAs and 0A5 (Quad
Assistants) to recruit students from
each quad. This is not a new idea. but
Auletta has been an RA for two years so
she may have what It takes to pull It off.

if elected Auletta will be a moving
force on this campus. Whether she's do~
ing backfllps as Albany's Great Dane.
getting students out to vote, or fighting

 

lng campus events. This Is _a great Idea,
and should ,not be difficult to initiate.
To remedy some of the difficulties

resulted

employees.
in a fiasco that seriously
hindered the SA office's efficiency.

SA’s hiring this year administration,

 

Dwayne Sampson

Dwayne Sampson possesses all the qualities need-
ed to become a competent administrator, but the
board felt his bureaucratic skills and unexcitlng pro-
fessionalism would not make for a good SA vice-
president.

Sampson has ideas, but he has little notion on how-
to reduce the burden of administrative work and

become a ferce for action In SA. His idea of action Is
to take an issue. form
a committee, have the
committee write a pro-
posal, then submit it
to the proper ad-
ministration official.
And the proposal, like
so many which cross
an administrator's
desk, might be put
aside for further
thought. further
study, and little ac-
tion. -

Sampson knows
how the’ system
works, but he appears content to let the slow
bureaucracy swallow ideas without the least effort to
inspire them Into being.

Sampson told the board he felt able to perform the
job of SA Vice-President because of his administrative
abilities — but the board believes that an ad-
ministrator whose major tool Is a "proposal" is not
what SA needs. -

Better communication with the Off-Campus
Association. quads, and SA groups was the first area
Sampson said he would like to work on as SA Vice-
Presldent. His most concrete plan would be to have In-
terquad Council sponsor athletic events and events
"something like Telethon" to motivate students. He
called for only a few events. which would be unlikely to
change student apathy.

As Vice-President. Sampson said he would be able
to cross sexual, racial and ethnic boundaries. He
would try to encourage minorities to run for SA posi-
tions. He agreed with the present affirmative action
point-system hiring policy. which he said makes up for

traditional disadvantages and' helps to encourage

 

the new SA vice-
president will inherit the problem of sell-
Ing SA's audio visual system. Auletta’s

for minority rights, she’s bound to keep
SA going and give It the spirit it badly
needs.l:i .

 

EVALUATIONS

assimilation. Another concern he voiced was with the
recruitment and retention of minorities, but his sug-
gestion of a presidential task force does not seem very
exciting or promising.

His most original proposal on women’s issues was
expansion of the day care center downtown at Pierce
Hall. The idea was very sketchy. and did not address
the needs of the undergraduate population which SA
represents. He also proposed setting up a Women's
Affairs Coordinator, non-stipended, “model” position
which could develop into a full executive position. This
excellent Idea could be a very fruitful one for SA and
the University. However, the position will not fulfill its
potential unless, like this year's Minority Affairs Coor-
dinator. it earns a stipend In its first experimental year.

Bill King

The board felt Bill King was the least viable of the
three vice-presidential candidates. He stressed at one
to one principle as the key to his campaign, but we
were forced to wonder whether there was any
substance behind his claims that he would meet
regularly with the leaders of each of the more than 8C
Egalfgrrded groups, and "get to know them and their

King also mention-
ed getting to know all
of Central Council on
a "one to one basis."
Without specific
Ideas to back them
up, such good Inten-
tlons rarely survive
the realities of the
world of student
government. .

King stressed the
need for a change in
SA, but his ideas on
how that change
could be effected '
were unclear. He stressed bein enth “ -
lng a lot," and understanding his presi‘dzlrltﬁllle 32$:-
ggllsog Valﬂiggéllrt‘ow?vefl :‘o merely obey his president.

g s nce e c
pmwrm 0' change. leims to be running on a

 

King advocated dealing professionally with the city
administration, mentioning that he would try to meet
with Mayor Whalen and begin a working relationship
with him. He said he felt that Whalen's apparent anti-
student feelings could be dealt with by approaching
the mayor "on a professional level."

When asked how he would handle a situation
similar to this year's proposed banning of kegs in the
dorms, King again stressed professionalism. outlining
a plan in which kegs would be registered at quad of-
fices, so the staff would be aware of their number and
location.

His views on getting out the student vote were
vagueand unrealistic, centering around the use of a
"pep band" to get the students to the polls. He also
mentioned a telephone campaign. which would be a
much more feasible approach.

King cited the bus fee as one of his major priorities
when dealing with the administration, advocating
restricting the service rather than allowing a bus fee.
He stressed that any bus fee would begin a precedent
of raises until the fare was equal to that of CDTA. He
also suggested the often-mentioned possibility of us-
Ing student drivers. Overall, he displayed good
knowledge and a firm student advocacy position on
the bus issue.

When questioned on women‘s issues. King favored
the establishment of a central office for the “Don't
Walk Alone" escort service, with escorts also on each
quad. He called the Safe House project "a little bit in-
feasible," but his alternatives -— educating the whole
community through letter writing and an organized
survery — seemed a pale substitute for a system that
appears to have worked well in other areas.

He also favored eliminating the position of the Off-
Campus Coordinator (000) as the executive branch
ilason to the Off-Campus Association (OCA), calling
the job "redundant." and the cause of a leadership
conflict between the chair of OCA and the 000. King
advocated using the SA vice-president as a Ilason to
OCA, a position that the members of the board found
slightly unrealistic. in view of the many other demands
on the vice~pres|dent's time. and the need for a full-
time off-campus advocate.

King also described himself as an advocate of affir-
mative action, although he appeared more In favor of
merely equal opportunity than true affirmative action.
He was emphatic on getting minorities Involved

"OWBVBY. and stressed the use of such groups as
‘ ' CONTINUED ON PAGE 4a

 

 

l.

 

. FRIDA Y APRIL 6 [984 'i i ALBANY STUDENT'PRESS ELECTION SUPPLEMENT.

 

 

 

’f

notion;
~ Tim Hallock

tn the race for the next SA president students are faced
with a basic decision between the old and the new. A
choice betwaen continuity or new leadership. Does SA
need the Continuity of this year's problem-ridden office? i
believe SA needs new energy and a new leader who will
strive to strengthen our Student Association and better our
campus. A president who has the Important skills of
leadership, commUnlcatlon, and organization will enable
SA to again be a powerful voice for the students. My skills
alus my dedication to increasing student involvement make
me the best choice for SA President.

As the 1982-83 indlan Quad Board President I led our
Quad Board through a very successful year. Our diverse
types of programming involved many students. Motivating
the sixteen committee Chairpersons was a tough part of
the job. I was able to bring out their ideas and energies
and put them to work for the Quad. As treasurer of OCA I
have worked to define the group's direction and ac-
complish our goals for the year. As SA president I will use
my leadership qualities to bring out the strengths in our
numbers. Communication with the university and city ad-
ministrations should be done in a forceful yet professional
manner with the backing of the student populace. I will use
my leadership skills to rally students and involve them in
the fight for student rights. To increase student interest in
SA and to decrease apathy we need an active Director of
Student Programming. This office must produce many
university-wide events and highlight those events which
our campus takes pride in, such as Mayfest and Hap week.

Communication is a necessary step to increasing
awareness and reducing apathy. SA must initiate com-
munication with the students, the student groups, and the
administration. While working with indlan Quad Board.
OCA, and lnterquad Council i have developed extensive
listening skills and the ability to find solutions to conflict,
acceptable by all factions. To increase student involvement
and awareness next year I will reach out to the students
and break down those traditional barriers between SA and
the student body. The key to accomplishing this is to be an
initiator. SA must use the Quad Boards and OCA to reach
deeply Into student living areas. These groups should be
made an extenstion of our government. not merely a fund-
ed group.

Organization Is necessary for the effective operation of
the SA office and for effective displays of student might.
My experiences with Quad Board, OCA. and the planning
of large events such as Dorm Party Night and Party in the
Park have helped me to develop extensive organizational
sklils. As SA president i will reorganize the office so that it
will be more responsive to students. i will also use my
skills to relncarnate student activism through telephone
campaigns. letter writing campaigns and direct student
show of support.

By utilizing my proven abilities as a leader, com-
municator, and an organizer I will be able to change the
direction of our Student Association. As SA President. i
will remember the founding ideas of our association. "an
organization representative of and responsive to the
students." In this way we can reactivate the power In our
numbers and create a true student's association.

I have the abilities to lead our Student Association, now
I need your support and confidence.

Vntn Tim Hallock SA President.

Rich Schaffer

As some of you may already know, I am running for a se-
cond term as SA President and I am asking for your help.
Niel all you can‘t get elected without the support of your
peers.

Over the past year, i have gained a great deal of
knOWIGdge and experience about the workings of the
University. The network I have developed on all levels, In-
cluding the faculty, university administration. and city ad-
ministration have helped considerably in achieving many of
our student victories. The rescurces gathered during the
course of my term have been turned into tangibles for all
of us.

What are these accomplishments?

—There will be no tuition increase next year and
students will receive increases In TAP awards due to
our personalized lobbying this year.

-—There isn't any bus lee this year and, due to the
restoration of 389 positions for SUNY in the
legislative budget, there will almost likely not be any
next year.

—Don'i Walk Alone will be completely functioning
next fall and The Sale House program is in its final
stages of approval; SA has made women's safety a
top priority.

—The alcohol policy has bee

' kegs In suites.

—The SA Minority Affairs office is operating and
will continue working on advocating for minority
students both within SA and In the university.

—-First full fledged SA Affirmative Action policy to
be implemented for all SA hirings. '

—Dormitory thefts uncovered. student 5 rights In
the dorms has become a key concern. SA is in-
vestigating the possibility of recovering the parse
property losses from the university.

—A revived spirit at SUNYA for its Intercollegiate

n revised to include

nal

STATEMENTS

’ and intramural athletic programs.

Communication has been a key element contributing to
the “‘ ‘ ‘ and‘ r‘  ofallof
the projects of the Association this year. I have developed
strong relationships with students, administrators and
faculty in order to foster the cooperation necessary to im-
prove our university community.

Over the year. I have realized that the major weakness of
Student Association is Its lack of continuity. Too many
times. projects begin but are never followed through
because of the turnover In office. The projects we have
started will be followed through and our new ideas will
have a fertile planting ground for the success we have ex-
perienced this year.

— Further development of the Programming of-
fice, working closely with Resident Assistants and
athletics to actively Involve all students on campus.

—Expanslon of the Don't Walk Alone program
downtown with further projects designed to ensure
the safety of all campus members.

—Full implementation of the affirmative action
policy, making Student Association and its groups
even more accessible to all students.

——Flght the encroachment on students‘ rights,
both in the dorms and off-campus. issues such as
the alcohol policy. unfair zoning ordinances and
codes, and the intersesslon burglaries must be
followed through to ensure basic sludents' rights to
a sale and healthy environment.

If i am re-eiected as SA president. we. as students, will
maintain the momentum we have begun this year. l have
developed a deep sense-of Committment for both the
philosophy of students' rights and for the continued suc-
cess of Student Association. Some people speak of bur-
nout. but I am more excited now than ‘ever before.
Remember — vote fer the proven ieaderl

Rich Sohaifer, SA President. A real leader working for

Bill McCann

It Is time for a change. As a candidate for SA President.
I feel that this change should stem from the highest ex~
ecullve office. The 1983-84 term of SA government saw a
great deal of precious time wasted on “petty politics." Of
late, numerous accounts of “foul-play" within the SA have
surfaced. making It obvious to all that the vital parts of the
student government "machine" are not properly function-
ing. One can assert that this malfunctioning had a
detrimental effect upon the SA's power source; you the
student. it is my intention, If elected, to institute the
necessary changes required to restore the productive
capacity of the SA mechanism.

One must confront the present issues at hand. One such
ssue is the bus fee. The proposed fee Is an outrage. Off-
:ampus students are of no less importance than uptown
residents; therefore. they should not be penalized. In addi-
tion. the SUNVA student is a positive contributor to both
the cultural and economic well being of the capital district
area. To hinder their access to the community by imposing
a bus fee would not be tolerated.

Another major concern of the SA administration is insur-
lng student safety. It is the responsibility of the administra-
tion to guarantee the promotion of said safety, and it is my
opinion that it (administration) Is not living up to these
responsibilities. To do this. I favor a more concerted effort
by the administration and the SA to secure this position.

It Is unfair of university officials to question the respon-
sibility of students concerning the consumption of alcohol,
Having obtained the legal right to drink at age 19, one
should not be subjected to the proposed restrictions upon
a right mandated by law. There has to be a limit to the ex-
tent of such an invasion of privacy.

The failure of previous student administrations to ads-
quately Inform the student of hlslher rights and respon-
sibilities can be cited as the principle cause of student
apathy. To combat said apathy I propose an expansion of
communication-between students and leaders. it Is about
time we penetrated the barrier surrounding the "SA elite.“
As a student here at Albany, I feel that my expectations of
student government reflect those of my peers. It is objec-
tivity that should fuel the SA operation. Owing no favors,
and having no personal bias toward any group. i can be
nothing else but objective. i make no claims of perfection.
but rather, offer the spirit of determination to turn Albany's
Student Association into the powerful mechanism it can
and should be.

Willie Jones

In looking at my positlve outgoing nature, i feel that I
can successfully represent all students at Albany. The pur-
pose of my campaign is to Involve every student, whether It
be through a political forum or a social atmosphere. Every
full-time undergrad has to, pay a mandatory SA fee of $46
per semester or $92 for the academic year. In my opinion,
not every student gets his/her money's worth. As SA presi-
dent, I will work hard at Improving the returns on each stu-
dent's Investment. in order to achieve this. I will initiate a
communication network between the office of SA president
and the student body. To do this, i will make myself
available to any student, both In my office and out In the
college community. Campus-wide programming will be one
of my major concerns, trying to involve as many students
as possible. i will look to enlist the aid of all SA funded
groups of all diversificationa. i would try my hardest at

returning the feeling of spirit to the campus. The off-
campus student must make an effort to convey this feat-

ing. I will advertise the university as a personal addition to
the community. in dealing with the university and city ad-
ministrations, i will look forward to working along with
them to achieve results that will benefit students now and
In the future. l lntend to help in maintaining the excellent
educational experience here at the University at Albany,
even If it does Involve a small increase In tuition based on-
ly upon economic need. In the event of another tuition in-
crease proposal, l will work at communicating with Gover-
nor Cuomc and his staff In order to avert a proposed in-
crease. I hope to find alternative measures that will
decrease the need for a greater burden upon the student's
pocketbook. I think that every student has enough worries
with schoolwork and a future career without needing to
worry about otheF matters. This is where I will be useful as
a student advocate. My programming intentions are there
to provide an atmosphere for students to relieve some of
this pressure. I support the OCA effort to promote "The
Party in the Park" at Washington Park. I would like to start
a September Fest to kick off the school year, much like
Celebration ‘84, etc., ends the year. Another program that I
would like to initiate involves the housing probiems.l
would like to start a not-for-proflt corporation that would
be run in a cooperative fashion. It would involve the pur-
chase of apartments In the Albany community and would
be run by students for students. It would provide decent
housing at reasonable rates. In the future event of a
limited bus run or housing increases. the cooperative
would have ownership of apartments in Albany. I believe
that this project would receive support from the university
administration.
In conclusion. I want to be SA president because l'm not

out for my own personal advancement; i‘m out for the
Albany: ‘rdenl.

Yice President
Suzy Auletta

Extensive experience. proven commitment — what does
my slogan mean? i have experience In many areas In the
university. Presently. I am the off-campus Coordinator,
which Is an Executive Branch position in Student Associa
tion. This is one reason why I am the best choice for Vice
President. The list of things I have been involved In over
the past 3 years Includes the following (in chronological
order): Special Events Chair Slate Quad Board - Executive
Board (2 yrs.); State Quad Resource Center Assistant;
Chair and originator of State Quad Olympics; Albany State
chkilne (2 yrs.); RA, State Quad (198283); Central Council
Representative; SA Finance Committee; Student Action
Committee (2 yrs.); Budget Committee (1982-83); Treasurer,
Class of '85; President's Task Force on University Bus Fee
Alternatives (Bus Task Force); President's Task Force on
Women's Safety (I'm presently the publicity chairperson);
Co-Chair of Parent's Weekend 1983; RA Dutch Quad; Dutch
Quad Board; Committee to establish and Committee to
Evaluate Don't Walk Alone; Residential Life Safety Commit-
tee; Mincrlty Recruitment Student Task Force; SASU;
Chairperson and Originator of The Sale House Task Force.

I see the job of Vice-President as three fold —— working
on Issues of campus wide concern. maintaining the Inter-
nal functions of SA and working closely with the Director
of Student Programming on campus activities.

As for working on Issues — l have the experience and
knowledge necessary to effectively represent students. I
was involved in removing the ban on kegs in suites, freez-
ing the bus fee, lighting the tuition increase. fighting for an
on-campus polling place. making women's issues an area
of concern for SA. students' rights In the dormitories. and
assuring alternative housing with the sale of the Well-
ington Hotel. Through my past and present involvement in
these Issues I would best be able to benefit the university
community through the position of Vice-president.

As for maintaining the internal functions of SA. i am very
familiar with this area. Presently. as an executive, I spend
at least 35 hours a week in the SA office. In addition, last
year i was a member of the Legislative Branch of SA.
Through the past 2 years I have learned all the internal
workings of SA and I am able to troubleshoot as well as
Improve the system.

The other major function of the Vice-President is working
with the Minority Affairs Coordinator and the Director of
Student Programming on specific group needs and
university-wide programming. My past experience has
made the area of programming an expertise of mine. My~
knowledge of what Interests and motivates students and
how to make events work would be invaluable for SA.

Among my goals for next year i Include: continuing my
hard work on students' rights issues; shocking the universi-
ty with the best programs and activities it has ever seen;
and working with all areas of the university (Residential
Life and the RA's. Athletics. Student Affairs, Minority Stu-
dent Services and the SA groups). Remember. Extensive
Experience, Proven Committment — elect Suzy Auletta for
SA Vice-President.

Dwayne Sampson

I'm running for SA Vice-President because I feel loan ge-
nuinely represent the students and facilitate Improved rela-
tions between the student body and the administration. My
proficiency In communicative and administrative skills, as
warranted by my participation in myriad SUNY and SUNYA-
wide organizations, more than adequately qualifies my can-
didacy. .
VICE PRESIDENTIAL STATEMENTS ARE CONTINUED ON

THE FOLLOWING PAGE

 

