 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l

, gas-mm stDEtvr megs a Farm r. JANUARY-ram

 _ Undefeatedwomen swhnrners

an easily. ‘ 55-44; 7
Many records broken

By Michael Skolnlok
sun: warren

Albany's women’s swimming
team continued their winning ways
by defeating Hamilton on Tuesday.
5544. The win raised the team’s
record to an undefeated 9-0.

The team got off to a fast start
and won the meet easily. In the 200

yard medley relay, the team of ,

Wendy Cedar, Linda Cerky. Janet
Human and Carol Pearl won in a
time of 2.01:45. In the 200 yard
freestyle. Janet Boman and Carole
Elie ﬁnished ﬁrst and second
respectively, with times of 2.06:94
and 2.09:22 respectively. The squad
continued to impress in the 50 yard
freestyle in which Kris Monahan
and Ellen‘Gottlieb ﬁnished ﬁrst and
second with times of 26:96 and
27:50. For Gottlieb it was an im-
pressive performance because this
was her ﬁrst race after recovering
from illness. 4

The 200 yard individual medley
was turned into a personal
showcase for Pearl. She won the
race in a time of 2:25.I0. which is a
new school record and personal best
time for her. However. she chooses
to minimize individual effort. say-
ing. “1 was just glad to help out and
be part of a combined team effort."

Last Saturday the team had an
important meet against Potsdam. It
was the first meet after the winter
break during which the team travel-
ed to Florida for 10 days of intense
practice. The team peaked at the

right time, defeating the defending
SUNYAC champions 73.5 to 38.5..
Head Coach Joe Shore said. “This
meet was deﬁnitely the highlight of
our-season. We were expecting a
tough match, but‘as it turned out
we were better prepared than last
year."

This meet set many new in-
dividual and school records for the
team. In the 200 yard medley relay,
the team of Cedar. Cerky. Boman.
and Monahan set a new school and
pool record with a time of l:59.29.
This time was only two seconds
away from qualifying for the
NCAA Championships in March.

In the two yard freestyle, Nancy
Smith finished second in a time of

“254.70. which is a new school

record.

Boman, a newcomer to the team.
set a school record in winning the 50
yard freestyle in a time of 25:38, as
well as a school and pool record in
the 100 yard butterﬂy with a time of
1:02.63.

The most impressive perfor-
mance of the meet was turned in by
diver Jane Klotz. who qualiﬁed for
the NCAA individual champion-
ships. Coach Shore commented,
“Jane has been improving with
each meet and she is hitting her
peak just in time for the
Nationals."

With new records being set with
every meet it appears that Coach
Shore has the team in top shape for

&

splash Hamilton

 

 

UPS
The women’s swim team defeated Hamilton Tuesday afternoon at University Gym to raise their

record to an impressive 9-0.
‘what promises to: be the most
challenging part of the season.
Team Captain Caroline Sharlock
attributes the great times to a
spirited and hard practice in
Florida.

“The trip to Florida gave us our

second wind to finish off the season
strong. It was a lot of hard work
and the results are shown in every
meet." At this print in the season,
it seems that an undefeated season
and SUNYAC Championship are
within reach.

 

‘**

 

We» %

OPEN HOUSE ON THAT DAY
-COME SAMPLE
SOME OF OUR GOODIES - ‘

SIGN UP’S for workers on
Fri. 27, Mon.30, & Tues. 31

SA FUNDED .

0

 

 

XL'
'4.

21 & over

When the evening
calls for dancing...

4.. M tin

SPRING-BOARDS: The Danes
avenged last year's/' losses to
Hamilton and Potsdam . . . The
team has defeated three out of five
opponents they lost to last
year . . . Next meet is tomorrow
against St. Michael’s.

Wednesday thru
Sunday-8 PM.
till 4 AM.

Happy Hour Every
Night's-10 PM.

Wednesday is
Ladies Night

till ll:

Proper attire required

 

 

J

 

JV Danes trounce RPI, 8

By Dean Chang;
5017mm ASSISTANT

A classic it wasn't.

Albany State's men's junior varsity basket-
ball team's rout of RPI Wednesday night had
all the elements of a first-rate comedy: The
Great Danes Meet the Oang~That Couldn‘t

._, ...- ._...-.t.a .t............-.....,.._... -—

Shoot Straight.

The final score of 81-5l wasn't nearly ln-
dicative of the difference on quality of the
two teams. Head Coach Jim Boland
substituted freely throughout the game, giv-
ing everyone a chance to play (and score).
, “it's good to clay in a name like this every

En MARUSSICM UPS

Scott Neuman goes up lor two In the j.v. Danes' 81-51 blowout over RPI at University
Gym Wednesday night. Albany is now 9-2 on the year.

Women cagers gain revenge with romp over RPI

By Mark Wllgard
STAFF mum:

The Albany State women's basketball
team improved their record to 10-4 on the
season with a convincing 73-59 victory over
RPI Wednesday night.

For Albany, this was a revenge-type game.
as RPI blew them out in their first meeting
earlier this year. in tltc last three games.
however. the Danes have been playing as
sharp as ever. especially on tltc defensive
side. The Engineers of RPI ran up against a
tough Great Dane Squad on Wednesday.

Albany’s main task was to stop RPl's big
play scorer, Colleen Greeney. Tltc Danes us-

ed a 3-2 defense and held Grccncy to l2
points-mot bad for a usual 22 points-per-
gamc scorer. Albany head coach Mari
Warner notcd. “Our dcfcnsc kept us in tltc
game."

Rninny Lcszutc poured irt 20 points while
Ronnie Patterson added l8 points irt lcttding
the women cagcrs. Tltc Dancs' well-rounded
scoring attack was further enhanced by Jenn
Pollock‘s ten points. Nancy (irasso slipped itt
eight points. and Kim Kosttlcck uddcd seven.

Besides tltc much better balance in scoring,
Warner was also pleased with tltc play of l’cg
Squazzo anti chrn Logan. “When Raiuny
got into foul trouble. they maintained the

SPORTS BRIEFS

Track results

The Albany State men's indoor track team
finished third in tltc season opener last Friday
at Williams College. Despite a number of
first-place Albany finishes. the Danes ended
up with 45 points tomect-winttcr Williams'
67 points and Springfield College’s 57 points.
Junior Paul Mance won both tltc triple and
long jump, wltiic jttnior Marc Mcrcurio and
sophomore Bruce VanTassel outclassed their
opponents in the 35-lb weight throw and the
‘55-meter high hurdles respectively. Junior
Pat Saccocio won the 400-metcr dash in a
dramatic dive over the finish line. wbik
junior Ed McGill cmbarrascd ltis competitior
in the 3.000‘mctcr run. Other scorers for
Albany: triple jump- Don Bleasdale. 4th;
lSliO-meters- Torn Kacandes. 3rd. lar
Clements. 4th; 55-meter dash- VanTassel
3rd. John Reilly. 4th: 800-meters- Jim Erwin
2nd.

Upcoming events
The Albany State Men's basketball team

will take to the road tomorrow night for their
first confrontation against their ﬁercest

 

SUNYAC rival tltc Potsdam Bears, who are
presently in first place. Tipoff time will he 8
p.m...Thc women‘s basketball team will be
hosting their first~cvcr Dunc invitational gct«
ting underway at (l p.m. witlt Cnstlcton
against St. Michacls. The 8 o'clock matchup
will pit Albany State versus William Smith.
The winners will meet Sunday afternoon at 3
p.m...Thc Dane wrestling team will host a
triangular meet on Saturday afternoon. 12
p.m.. with St. Lawrcncc and Httntcr com-
pcting...Both the men's and women's swim-
ming teams will be traveling to St. Michacls
for a 2 pm. meet tomorrow...Thc Mcn's in-
door Track team will compete in the Cor-
tland invitational tomorrow at I2 p.m...Thc
Danes junior varsity basketball team will play
a road game at St. Rosc tomorrow
nigltt...Thc women's gymnastics squad will
meet lthaca tomorrow.

Lifting club

There will be a meeting for those interested
in joining the Great Dane Weightlifting
Club. The meeting will take place this Tues-
day. January 3l at 7:30 pm. in room l23 at
the gym.

 

 

oncein a while." said Boland. “I wish we
could play this way more often." One only
has to wait until February i. when the Danes
play RPI again. ‘

RPI never got closer than the two point
deficit after Albany's first basket. After An-
dy O‘Connell connected on three straight
baskets. the Danes never looked back. Mid-
way through the first ltalf. RPI managed to
hit their first shot outside the paint. Add four
more outside shots to that and you have
RPl‘s outside point production. One sharp-
shooter managed to shoot the ball one foot
wide of the basket on a foul shot. Evcn Rl’i's
3-on-2 fast breaks somehow directly led to
Albany bnskcts.

it seemed that tltc Danes could do no
wrong. O‘Connell combined accurate
shooting with several steals lending to lay-
ups. Seldom-used rcscrvc center G.T.
Sweeney moved up a notch on tltc bench with
his surprising performance. The 6'4“ cctttcr
helped his teammates with back-lo-back
steals in tltc first ltulf. “QT. certainly moved
up itt statttrc with his strong showing." said
Bolund.

Rcscrvc bttckcourt members Scott Junkcs
and Freeze Storey teamed up on several
crowd~p|cttsing plays. ittclttdiug un allcy-oop
ltttc itt tltc game. “Coach always tells the to
fake going up.“ said Storey. “It was pcrfcct;
I planted my leg and lie wcnt fOr tltc fake.
Scott passed the tltc ball just as l was going
up."

Reserve John Gore also got tltc attention
of the crowd. in a manner lilill ilt.‘ would
rather not rcpettt too soon. Not only did
Gore gonltcnd this first such infraction). but
ltc drew tltc good-lttrmorcd wrath of tltc fans
by passing up the dunk in favor of a lay-up.
“I wanted to dttnk. but 1 hurt nty lcg." joked
(iorc.

It’s hard to find faults iii :1 lopsided game;
tltc play often gcts sloppy at botlt ends of tltc
court. Turnovers were in abundance
througltottt the game. most of tltcnt being
RPI'S. Albany's break was working well

tempo for us.“ said \Varncr. “We ttccdtd to
have that."

This was the tltird straight win for tltc now
strcuking Danes. Last Sunday. Albany beat
Dominican 55-40 in what Wnrncr
characterized “rt real physical game." I,csttnc
led all scorers with 14 poittts.

Thc day bcforc. Skidtnorc provided tltc
competition. but Albany's rcsiliztnt dcl‘cnsc
took CttrL' of matters by a 53-38 margin.

Tltc Dancs‘ lust dcfcztt cttmc ut tltc hands
of Union on January l9. This was the first
game in four weeks for lltt.‘ team. and tltc
long tnyoffwtts cvidcnt in the statistics. With
Albany “having at cttsc of the jitters". accor-
ding to Warncr, they shot poorly from tltc
field and l'rcc-tltrow line (33 percent) and

 

 

FRIDAY. IANUARY27. I904 El ALBANYSTUDBNTJ’RESS  

1-51; raise record to‘ 9-2

thanks to Jankes, Storey and Duane Corley.
“The guards pushed the ball upcourt very ef-
fectively.” said Boland. “I knew that we
could run better than they could."~

The Danes also dominated the boards on
both ends. despite the absence of the team's
best ittsidc player. Chris Jones. Jones is
academically ineligible to play this semester.
Filling up the void is 6‘4" Rich Chapman. a
strong player in his own right. but he's no
Chris Jones. Playing in his fourth game.
Chapman helped clear the boards and block-
cd two shots. "I really liked theway we beat
RPI on the boards." said Boland. "The big
gttys boxed out well. What we need is better
play front ottr small forwards."

RIM SHOTS: O‘Connell led the team wltlt
to points. a dozen of them coming In the first
half. Gore and Curtis Oliver contributed II
and lo poittts each. respectively...Albany
stretched a 43-2; halftime lead into a
38-point bulge midway through the second
illl"...Tllt.‘ margin of victory could have been
larger if it weren't for the Danes' horrendous
foul shooting. Albany shot 27% front the
litlc. Even RPI fared better (but ttot much)
with 44%...I’oor foul shooting has been a
thorn lit the Danes' side the ctttirc your;
Itoluttd would like to raise tltc team's free
throw percentage from the current
59%...Corlcy leads the tettm at the lilll‘
shooting 77%. His average of I5.2 points per
game also lt-ads thr- tcam...’l‘hc victory broke
it two game losing streak. both losses to
Junior College of Albany on the road during
tltc break. The first loss broke the Dunes'
eight game unbeaten streak. In that game.
.ICA came back from behind to win, 76-70.
Jones and Corley each scored 18 points ill the
loss. In the second game. JCA had to hold
off an Albany rally to prevail. 63-62. Jones
and Corley once again led the team with I4
points apiece. Chapman made his presence
felt underneath where he collected 10 re-
bounds...Albany‘s record ttow stands at
9-2...The Danes travel to St. Rose to play
their varsity squad on Saturday. [I

bowed to tile Dutchmen 43-47. Since that
gurnc. tltc tcant has flourished and is now on
tltc rigltt track leading up to the SUNYACs.

This \vcckcnd, Albany will ltost their first—
cvcr Invitational tottrnamcnt. It all gets
underway tomorrow at 6:00 pm. when
Castlcton takes on St. Michael‘s. At 8 p.m..
William Smith tips off against tltc Danes.
Albany must watch out for anti contain Kelly
Martin to insttrc victory. On Sunday. tltc
consolation game is at l p.nt. with tltc chatti-
pionsltip match slated for 3 p.nt.

Looking ahead. tltc SUNYACs will be ltcld
on February 24-25; probably in Buffalo. If
tltc Danes continue their recent surge. they
will certainly be it force to be reckoned with
in the SUNYAC conference. '

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICM UPS

Jean Pollack. shown here In earlier action. scored 10 key points In the women
cegere' 13-59 win over RPI Tuesday night. Albany Is now 10-4.

 

