 

> Performance, FEBRUARY 14. 1984 Vic ASPECTS ON TUESDAY,

 I  At.     Taylor Troupe Sparkles

I V V; V .   - f: I ' ' " ' g I he curtain rose to reveal an azure
' ., . ‘ . ~ . ': backdrop on the stage as the Paul
‘ . ‘ Taylor Dance company began another

performance In their long and distinguished
Iristory. this past weekend at Proctor's.

FEBRUARY 14‘ 1934

 

 

his past week. the Capital District was
. treated to the Empire State Institute of
the Performing Art's fESIPA's) produc-
‘tion of The Crucible. '

‘ Gail Merrell

The Arthur Miller play was a strange choice.
Originally opening In I953. It Is about the
town of Salem and the witchhunt trials of
M92 that took place there. The existentialisi
play concentrates on the cruelty and the un-
fairness of the trials. equivocating Salem's
cries of "Witch!" to the cries of "Communist!"

Ing on her In a pink fancy costume. As she
fluttered and flItted across the stage. she was
almost pulled Into the fog surrounding her. but
she resisted it. Suddenly. the audience's atten-
tion was caught by a woman in a black. ﬂimsy
nightgown that appeared to be an insect trying
to catch her In his web and devour her. Hav-
:Ing caught her. he dragged her across the
stage. past the light of hope. but the long
struggle gained her freedom for a time. As our
attention was drawn elsewhere. the captive
and her enemy waltzed across the stage out of
sight.

Still within our presence were the images of

r-g-ft-

 

 

(ff.

Rina Young

“Arden Court" was the first piece. which
premiered In 1981. To the accompanying
music of William Boyce. eight men quickly
caught the attention of the audience with their
quick and effortless jumps. turns and pirouet-
tes the stage. Each one leapt across In perfect

 

 

- JIIZ”

lit the McCarthy era.

synchronism with the others. displaying a
grace that showed off long hours of arduous

the Victorian. caught In a surrealistic dream
that was the outpourring of the id impulses

Although the play's message isn't as weighty
today as It was at the time of its opening
reminder that ridiculous travesties of justice
can still occur. even in the modern United
States. .

The cast carried the political message well.
The main attraction was John McGuire. a
SUNYA alumnus. who portrayed the play's
protaganist. John Proctor. Proctor represents
all of us: his excessive pride and concern over
his standing In the community make him ﬂaw-

ed. despite a strong sense of right and wrong.
McGuire. a method actor. played Proctor as
an overworked farmer who was constantly

 

across the stage; looking. grabbing. pleading.
wondering. fighting in a pantomine of emo-
tion. the plethora of movement caught one In

practice. The audience was entranced by the
sense of adventure of modern dance set to
classical music. The dancers' routine was
Baroque In style. As the music slowed to a asuspension of belief necessary to understand
more peaceful lone. all the men left except the scrambled plot lines and jumping
one. who was joined by a female partner. She metaphor. The final ending was the release of
held the classical slow movements associated an unequivocal maddening energy that left the
with the music of Boyce. while he performed audience in a state of wonder. poised In the
to the sporadic rhthym energetically. As he edge of their seats. feflecting or the montage
took her In his arms. the pace took on the slow of movement.

langourous movements of searching. She held
arabesque poses as he moved her. and who
was intertwined Into his own movements that

‘,.~..— .v-»_' .. , _. »

é“.

 

 

 

 

The final piece of the evening told the story
of flirtation and lust of soldiers on leave with

defending his good name.

Another fine performance was given by
Patrick Tull. who played Proctor's neighbor.
Giles Corey. Tull. an Englishman. was recent-
ly seen on Broadway as the priest In
Amadeus. (Giles Corey was an interesting

’ figure himself. When he was finally accused of
witchcraft. he refused to enter a plea. because
by entering a plea he could be convicted. and
his land taken from his heirs. The magistrates
had Corey pressed to death. but since he died
without making any answer to the charges
against him. his sons were allowed to keep his
land.)

After a slow start. Helena Binder's Abigail
proved to be a psychotic. vengeful bitch,
Carolyn Marble Valenti‘s Mary Warren was a
frustrated. weak-knead teenager who con-
demned her neighbors to hang.

The lighting and scenery were by the award

 

winning team of Gerry Hariton and Vicki
Baral. The costumes were designed by the
talented Brent Griffin.

"Most of the clothing of that era had front
panels. and the designer used that to his ad-
vantage." said Dov Weinstock. a member of
ESIPA's production staff. "The Innocent vlc~
ilms of the hangings had curved white panels.
while the accuser‘s either had sharp edged
panels or designs In the shapes of daggers.
Also. the accuser's costumes were piped In
maroon. which was the color of the court."
added Welnstock.

Unfortunately. director Ed Lange can only
be faulted in the poor sense of timing that the
company exhibited when they Interacted on
stage.

Border Wars

amnitl." I yelled at my sleeping I

roomate. “turn off that *?&!t radio!
Why the hell do you have it set for
7:30 in the morning?"

 

Jeanne Canavan

Crumbling at having been so rudely
awakened she sloppin slapped her hand upon
the snooze button — but the blaring noise con.
tinued '

“I said turn it OFF!" knowing that with each
passing second I was becoming more awake.
"Turn It . . . "

“It's not my goddamn radio!" she said in a
more than slightly agitated tone. “Thanks a lot
for waking me up. asshole!"

Slowly but surely the realization dawned
upon my fuzzy brain: Hard as It was to believe.
it appeared that this rude awakening was not
due to a malfunctioning alarm clock — it was a
deliberate act. Ten seconds of top 40 Albany
radio convinced me who was resonsible —- It
was THEM.

Crumbling apologies to my now-wide-
awake roommate. I started to bang on the
wall. a practice a couple of sharp raps with my
knuckles. and. after a short pause. several
severe blows with my whole fist. On this par-
ticular morning I had actually resorted to the
dreaded forearm slam. which Is usually effec-
tive and always painful. .

Apparently. however. the offending party
wasn‘t worried. and It was not until 25 minutes
later that my ‘request' was granted. Of course.
by this time both my roommate and myself
were wide awake and cursing at each other.
Just our neighbor's way of saying. "Good
morning."

What could have cause our neighbors to act
to such an abominable. inhuman manner? I

 

mean. we may have had our differences In the ‘

past. but that's no reason to wake a person up
at 7:30 in the morning! The penalty for such a
crime could only be death. As I lay awake that
morning I contemplated the different methods

 

 

by which this sentence would be carried out.

Looking back upon It now. I suppose that l
was 'being slightly harsh. After all. there have
been one or two Instances In which they have
perhaps been slightly disturbed by us. When
this does occur. we are subjected to the same
shuddering blows which we are used to
delivering ourselves. The effects of these
blows are quite startling; the room shakes. plc-
tures fly off the walls. and our friends dive for
cover. And we do the same.

The casualties from such encounters have
been numerous and severe. I known woman
who actually broke her ankle while thumping

 

 

\\\\\\\\\w\h\w\mnm

\‘\‘\\

The play closed Saturday to a standing ova‘
tlon from the 900-plus crowd. but it did not
always receive such appreciation. When It first
opened. to 1953. theatre-goers had to pass
through crowds of picketers from the
American Bar Association and various right
wing organizations. The picketers were pro-
testing what they felt was MIller's unsmpathetic
portrayal of the Puritan judges and the
parallels Miller drew between the witch trials
and the investigations led by Senator Joseph
McCarthy and the House Committee on Un-
American Activities.

Although the play won the Tony award for
Best Play of the Year in 1953. It severely af-
fected Miller’s personal life. The Crucible led
to the State Departments refusal to grant Miller
a passport that he needed to attend the open-

 

upon her wall one da . Al ho
violence may seem foolth tot othgrhs. 
an extreme example of the frustration that can
sleet/3:1: I have deified natural laws by actually
an “un reakable" jar of
lutilizlnlt'he wall while pounding especIall/yal'reall'lrl‘.3
de 51 en caught by my suttemate tn the act of
an ng up mess. and was made the butt of
marry unsavory jokes concerning lubrication I
dont need this aggravation. -

Sometimes however i '
. . Is not the volume
l 9 music that causes the disturbance. but till:
ype of music. For example. (and I know this

....._‘. ‘  W
V ""““"“ Maw

Ing of the play in Brussels. as they believed
him to be a Communist sympatlrizer Then in
1955. the New York City Youth Board
cancelled a contract with Miller for a film
script. because of his political beliefs

Things sseemed to be looking up for Miller
In 1956. when the University of Michigan.ltir
alma mater. awarded him an honorary doc-
torate. Ironically. Just five days Inn-r Miller was
summoned before McCarthy's Iiouse Una
American Activities Committee Miller declin-
ed to give them names of suspected com-
munist sympathizers. and as a result was tried
and convicted of contempt of Congress. The
conviction was later reversed.

It should be noted that. although the play
severer hurt Miller’s reputation it only
enhances ESIPA'S.

 

may shock some of you) some people Just
don't appreciate the talents of on Ozzy
Osborne or some other besiliil Satan-
worshlpper. Also. I have just about Iran it with
Stevie Nicks. I never had anything DL’tSllllﬁl
against the woman until I was forced to listen
to the same album of hers every moran It"
an entire semseter. I find her unoftvnsn'e 1“
small doses. but after 100.000 pinyings she
grows rather stale. It's gotten to the point
where any breath of a Stevie Nicks song on
the radio sends me scrambling to tho (Ital. sup-
pressing a scream In my throat.

It would seem that the best way tit Mlm‘l'c
detente would be to regulate the \‘lilllliit.’ of
any music played. as well as the hours at
which It is played. and to keep up a pint‘tri‘eill
tape rotation so that variety Is emplowtl Un‘
fortunately. however. musical disturbance
does not make up the whole of the itmltlL’I"
This fact was hammered home to “IL‘ “5‘
.week while I ws being visited by a L’I'HPIL‘ “l
friends.

We had been talking and laughing fl" “
while in a very animated fashion. and It hurl
become rather late when the rniivut’Sriiliiti tur-

 

 

ned to subjects of a rather personal nature»—
lhlngs that do not exactly come up in L’WWd‘W
small talk. Suddenly. in the midst of this iri-
llmate conversation the wall shook wrth .r Int-
“'99 0f blows. We were immediatley shocked
into silence —- but it was too late. Talk about
humiliation! We could see our words hanging
In the air; they had heard everything that we
said. Here they are. armed with the most in
"mate details about us. and we still don‘t know
their names. All we know about them is tIml
"‘99 have a Stevie Nicks fixation and they go
to bed early.

Anyway. that decided it. The walls in these
dorms are simply too thin to allow for normal
human Interaction. I'm going to buy some
concrete or something and try to thicken this
barrier between us, if i don't do strtrtelhlnﬂ
soon I think I'll go. . .Oh no. , II will
be- ‘ -"The Edge of Seventeen!" “J

u

embodied their tender emotions.

As the pace of the music quickened. so did
the movements of the dancers who were join-
ed by two other couples. Classical steps were
mirrored In a modern execution of a piece fair-
Iy reminiscent of a minuet. The changing tone
was shown the mixture of changing poses that
were held as if the dancers were statues.
These poses created physical awes of motion
In the minds' eye. Subsequently the women
left and the mood darkened as did the lights.
The shadows on the men evoked Images of
somber thoughts. An aura was created lltat
reminded one of the growth of a plant trying to
spout from the ground In which it lays. Tire
Iiglrts their came up and the men became
acrobats. as their slow movements became
blurs of motion and energy: rays of bright
lights and streaks of colored‘ light challenged
the attention of the eye.

In "Nightshade" the stage was never quite
fully lit. as if trying to recall a dream that one
had many years ago. or a memory that has
blurred so that different vignettes of events get
tangled within the same web of emotion. The
dancers were each costumed in a Victorian
dress. and the pleading and excrutiatlngly
deliberate movements of the dancers reflected
emotions of despair and yearning. Amidst all
this came a dancer with the light of hope shin-

the girls of the town. Innocent meetings in the
light of day lead to the release of longing. as
the day ends In sunset. Tire women come and
go. tugging at the hearts of the soldiers. As
one of them reaches out toward the girl; she
retreats. only to return once again to continue
the game. She returns and Is carried and
thrown to many subsequent males as their
backs become a stepping path for her.

As each couple pairs off into their own circle
of movement. their long. graceful strides err-
compass them In a world of primordial urge
with the intensity of their drives In full action.
The arcs of movement. twists and turns upon
one another are soon a memory as the men
march off‘to face the dawn. leaving a beret as
a memory of an evening after sunset, The cur-
tain Is lowered as the sadness eminates from
the women.

These three works are part of a repetotre of
over 80 dances choreographed by Paul Taylor
for his company. His works are also part of
many other dance companies around the
world. The company has performed in 53 dif-
ferent nations and will soon be performing in
New York at the City Center for Its annual self-
produced season. It Is an evening not to be
missed. Their artistic style and creative themes
have made the Paul Taylor Dance Company a

dominant force In the world of dance. CI

 

OTISBY 

(50Rth ABOUT THE MESS. I
JUST BOUGHT iao FAIRS
0F SNEAKERS.

 

W WAY I‘LL NEVER HAVE
TO BUY SNEAKERS AGAIN ’
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.

NO MORE TRIPS TO THE
Si oE STORE. I‘M SET!

 

 

 

 

An Ambiguous Silkwood

very once in awhile a movie comes out

which creates a controversy. This cart

happen because the subject of the film Is
controversial. because the film hovers bet-
ween an “R” and an "X" rating (such as Scar-
face). or because the Critics and the paying au-
dience are split over whether or not the film is
actually good.

Ian Spelling

Silkwood. a recent film starring Meryl
Streep. Is the latest to cause a stir. The courts
are still tied up with Silkwood litigation. the
filth has received good reviews for Its acting.
but notices for Silkwood as a drama have been
mixed. According to the Knickerbocker News'
Drew MacDonald. Silkwood "Is as dramatical-
ly unsatisfying here as in most fact-based
dramas. It Is wisely treated as a mere catlayst
for the characterizations; It gives the per-
formers something to do." Metroland states
that there are several unanswered questions:
“Despite the story's weaknesses. though.
Silkwood Is carried along by the excellent per~
formances."

 

Sifkttrood is the depressing tale of the life of
a worker in a nuclear plant. It is based on the
now legendary life of Karen Gay Silkwood.
who died on November Ill. 1974. in a
mysterious auto accident on route to a
meeting with a New York Times reporter. At
this encounter Silkwood was supposedly g0<
irrg to blow the whistle on the management of
the plant for treating the workers less than fair-
ly and exposing them to dangerously high
levels of plutonium.

Meryl Streep's latest tour (le force perfor-
mance is not enough to create a real. com-
plete character. Silkwood boozes. uses drugs.
tames direct confrontation with a superior by
exposing one of her breasts. and has even lost
her children because of a lack of responsibilty.

Vitus IS ONE OF THE
STRANGEST IDEA?
I‘VE EVER HEARD .

 

 

 

Then. almost without notice. we are supposed
to believe that Silkwood could suddenly
become a leading worker representative In the
local union. Streep had a lot to overcome and
she almost did it.

While It Is obvious that Streep's moving per-
formance is forced. Cher and Kurt Russell fare
for better because each comes across as
natural. Russell. as Silkwood's boyfriend. Is a
tough but hottest and ultimately loyal lover.
Cher carefully plays the live-In lesbian friend
who is happy where she Is with the woman
she loves. Cher has little to do. but Is con-
sistently good on the screen. '

Silkwood is serious entertainment lost In Its
own complex tracks. Everyone knows the end
before entering the theater, Therefore. it was
director Mike Nichols's job to make the au-
dience feel that Karen Silkwood died for a
cause. as a martyr. He has failed. and the film
suffers Immeasureably for it.

Silkwood only hints that Its protagonist was
purposely contaminated and then killed after
she refused to discontinue her efforts to ex-
pose cover-ups. .

It Is possible that ABC P'roductions and/or
Nichols feared a lawsuit if they made any
claims that could not be substantiated.

In all fairness. I must admit that Silkwood
may have died as the film depicts. Perhaps.
though. we may never know the truth. For this
reason. it is my contention that Silkwood was
produced prematurely. Should undeniable
evidence eventually turn up that supports the
movie‘s premise. then I would gladly admit to
being incorrect in my analysis and criticism of
the film. Until then we must settle with a film
that runs in fear of circumstances and lawyers.

It Is now your choice. Silkwood is a superbly
crafted and well-acted movie. But it Is in-
complete. lf one can overlook the ambiguities
and follow the work of the actors. then this
maybe a film worth seeing. Ll

YOU SHOULD SEE HIS
LIFETIME SUPPLY OF
EGG SALAD SANDWICHES.

 

 

 

