v...

..._ ’

 

 

  
   
 
 
 
 
  

:.-..'..’.;..M... .

   

  

 
    
    
     
    
  
    
    
    
   
  
    
   
      
     
    
   
   
  
   
    
   
    
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
  
  
 

 

  

A-/ ..w... ..

     
     
   

-.‘rr-:

. crown...

 

 

 

  
 
  

. . . m
"H .mwwm.w.w..a.m

 

By Perry Tischler
STAFF WRITER

The hopes and expectations of
coach Mari Warner and her Albany
women's tennis team returned last
Saturday amidst the bitter cold and
snow as the Dane netwomen held
off a resurgent William Smith
squad for their first win of the spr-
ing season by a score of 4-3.

It was the second match of the
season and the second taste of
winter weather for the netwomcn.
Fortunately. the end result in the
snow ttrrned out better than last
week’s results in the rain.

First singles‘ Mindy Hurtstein
paved the way with a 6-2. 6-2 big
victory over Pat Driscolt. Lauren
lsaaes came on strong after dropp-
ing her first set. to overtake Donna
Hobart. 0-6. 64. 6-2 for a third

 

 

 

   

singles victory. Helene Tlshier and
Ellen Van continued the tirade by
chalking tip singles victories. Tlshier
overcame Robin Biltary In straight
sets. 6-4. 6-3 to give Albany an in-
surmountable 4-l lead that clinched
the victory.

Although the match had been
decided. William Smith captured
both dotibles matches. The relative-
ly inexperienced Dane duo of Nan-
cy Farbes and Gerry Chiodo fell
quickly 6-2. (H to Donna Mertierna
and Beth Readway. The team of
Cassaro and Valin also lost 6-l. 6-]
to Ann Lttby and Carol Alden.

Co-eaptain Joan Phillips. whose
strength and reaction time were
diminished by illness. also trtrncd in
a vibrant effort in her second
singles loss to Jan Czeech. Phillips

    

llTE BECA
I KNOW. tits

.0.'

 

    

remedy. Only time will tell.

'22  ALBANY STUDENT mess it reesoA y. APRIL to. 1934

Netwomen holdoff William Smith

lost the first set. 6-7. after a 9-7
tiebreaker. and dropped the second
set. 3-6.

Overall. the teatn looked sharp
and Coach Warner was highly
pleased with their performance.
However. she also knows some
tough challenges lie ahead."We
play Vassar on Tuesday and they
are very tough." said >Warner.
“Their number one singles player
linished third in the state. and their
whole team finished third in the
state." If the Danes get by Vassar.
West Point is waiting for them.
Coach Warner‘s l-l squad has
challenging days ahead of them. A
healthy Joan Phillips. ’a conti-
nuance of good play from the other
singles. and some quick experience
for the doubles teams seem to be th

 EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED
i A  "r' lNA-BEER.AND lESS.

 

     
 
 

“GREAT BAI.I.P YERS DRINK .
lESS FILLING.

JiEDONEZ’

Bob Uecker
Mr. Baseball

 

UPS
Coach Marl Warner and the women's tennis team won their llrsl

match over William Smith.

 

Softballers to
face Sage today

By Marc Berman '
SPOR I'S [ED/TOR

Coach Lee Rhenish realizes that
tiie only way her freshman-
dominated women's softball team
can improve is by gaining playing
experience.

Well. it scetiis that Mother
Nature docs tiot wttnt to give the
Danes ti chance to get better. Four
of the first I‘ivc scheduled games
have bcctt postponed due to the
weather, the lust being tltis ptist
weekend's doubleheader tll
()s_\vcgo.

Tomorrow. weather permitting.
Albany State will end their six titty
layoff and take to University Field
against Russel Sage iii tr twinbill
starting tit 2 p.m.

Senior Caryl Meyer will be mak-

ing her second start of the season,

and of her life tomorrow as site br-
itigs in an 0-l record to the mound.

She pitched well 'in the Danes'
opening game loss against Siean
allowing only two earned runs. btit
eleven in total. Ten fielding errors
plagued the Danes. who featured
nine out of ten freshmen in the star-
ting lineup.

'l‘omorrow's game will pit
Albany against a club which has not
played yet this year. Russel Sage.
known for its Physical Education
program. has. in past years. played
Albany tough. Last year. the Danes
handled them easier than usual by
sweeping a doubleheader. 9-4, 9-2.

But if the Danes play the field

anywhere near the way they did I

against Sictia. Albany might be in
for a long afternoon.

“We want botti games." said
Rhenish. “We’re looking to im-
prove a lot frotn last game. if we
don't. I'll be disappointed."

Rhenish wasn't too disappointed
with the team‘s but performance
against Sictia. The club collected
seven runs iii eleven hits. Site Gttlla.
in her college debut. went 2 for it
and Julie Wilson. Terry Sokol and
Monique Romano each knocked in
a run apiece.

After the game against Russel
Sage, Albany will host Union on
Thursday in the last game before
spring break.

the team will scatter over the
weekend and then cotiic back to
play a twinbiil ttgitist RP! on April
17th and Oncontu on April l9th. l l

 

Suppon
Albany
State
Athletics

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

,inghamton wins floor hockey Cha'llengecu 

B John F. Parker
snrt r WRITER

The nlnghaniton State floor ltockcy team
came down here with nothing to lose and left
with everything. including the championship
of the Sixth Annual Challenge Cup Floor
Hockey Tournament. The astonishing chain-
pions took the long route in doing so. bill in a
tournament filled with upsets. surprises and
illlltlllllg performances. anything was to be
expected.

Albany State' 'A‘ and ‘8‘ teams botlt pro-
ved to bc impressive. but in the end it wasn't
the to 'al favorites that entire ottt on top. The
Colonials front Blilgllillllltltl. who were not
till that outstanding during regular league
play. came out flying iii the playoffs tlltd ciid-
cd it it” with n tltorottglt trouncing of the
Albany ‘A‘ squad iit tltc championship. 3-0.

Ilitightuiiton opened up against Nor-
theastern University and by the end of the
game. Ito otic would have believed that this
team cortld come anywhere close to a chain-
piotiship. After a lotig. tiring trip. the (‘ol-
oiiitrls came out flat and stayed that way
throughout the contest. The final score was.
Northeastern 3. Binghatiitoii 1. Things did
not look good for the Colonials.

lint it was It quick turnaround for the
champs. Thcy proceeded to potttid their divi-
sioii rival Albany ‘A'. 6-4 turd went on to
finish the regular season with a record of
tltrcc wins and one loss. good ctitiiigli to end
oti top the A division tiltctid of Allitiny 'A'.

The Murilitne Academy. who finished
behind Albany ‘8' iii the li division. was the
('olonitils’ next victim. this time iti tiic

 

semifinals. liitighamtun was just starting to
peak tttid this was bad news for Maritime.
The contest proved to be no contest as
llinghtttnton advanced. 5-0.

Meanwhile. iii the semifinal which got all
the limelight. the Albany 'A' tcutn was oirt
for revenge against their arcli-riv: ' ‘ Ibany
‘li'. The ‘A‘ squad opcitcd tip the .t "in. its
Patti (irima prtt a pretty shot .. the
outstretched glove of goultctidcr Vinny
Cirillo. Rich l)icm scored it tiicc goal to lock
things tip for the ‘li' tetnn tllltl give tltctii
hopes of repeating its champions. This was
soon to change as Mitch (icrbcr. oti tl
picture-perfect brcttkttwtry. put the puck in
the back of the ttct to give them a 2-] lead.

The ‘li‘ tctitti. led by the high-powered Iitic
of Tom l)el.il|o. liill Lotigo and Quinton
few. had littrl tut unmarked rccord of 4-0 iti
lc. grtc play. The Maritime Acttdcttiy. iti their
opening game. had given IhcnI their biggest
scttt'e. Mtttitimc led .‘l-l with two minutes rc-
nitritting. but couldn't quite ittrttg on.Andy
lltrrtnon scored Ilic second gotil for ‘ll‘ tnid
with the goalie pullcd and 3.1 seconds left on
the clock. l)ti\c (irossmtm ktiottcd it up.
Remarkably. 'l'om l)elillo \v‘titc‘tl tltc gaine-
wititicr with just nine ticks ot' the clock rc-
tntrinitig. The ‘li‘ team went oti to embarrass
Syracuse University. the Alttttitii team and
Northeastern. lliil Longo was their lcttditig
scorer and Steve llutnittn. with three goals
illitl four assists. proicd to be their top
dcl'cnscnitui. Vinny ('iiillo. iii the ttct. utts
outstanding.

The ‘A' team wcttt into tilt: pluyot'ls with ti
3-] ICL‘UItl. l'hcv dcfctttctl ()nconttr State in

Netmen roll over Vermont

By Dean Chang
l.\.\'t )i 'I/l I'IS SPUR IS I:'Iil [UK

The men's tennis team was expecting to
face the University of Vermont oti Saturday.
a strong Division l school that the Danes
defeated in an upset last full. ilut the tctiin
that Albany played was only it shell of the
powerhouse that gave the Duties so ttittcli
trouble iii the fall. I

The 7-2 score was an adequate reflection of
how the two teams played. Vermont nitrdc
the most ofits talent, but it wasn't enough to
take Albany.

“Their team was somewhat tlccittititcd."
said Head Coach Bob Lewis. "They weren‘t
nearly as strong as we had tlionglit they were
going to be. i had expected that both tctims
would have to plziy up to tltcir capacities to
win. As it tttrticd ottl. we didn't have to play
at the top of our game."

The mast notable ubscntcc was 'iitniiber
one singles player Mike Duffy. He is
academically ineligible to play this season.
which helped the Danes to the easy victory.

Albany’s first singles player Duvc Ulrich
defeated Duffy iii the fall. and Ulrich was
looking forward to the rematch. lie kticw
that Duffy would have had his mind on
revenge; unfortunately for both players, the
iiiatclt never came off.

“I was oti the courts when the team (Vc
tiiotit) crime in." said Ulrich. “As the players
walked in. i started looking for Duffy. Then
i found out that he wasn't there. My oppo-
nent was still tough. bill be was nothing coni-
parcd to Duffy."

Ulrich defeated John Davey iii straight
sets. 6-2. 6-3. “I kticw their second singles
player was pretty good. so for this guy to be
ahead of hitn meant that he had to be pretty
good also." said the co-captttin.

Second singles player Toni Schniit/ lost to
Peter Fayroian in a very tight nititcli. 7-5. 7-fi..
Third singles player Rob Ktit'cti also played a
close match. but this tittic tlic verdict wctit to
Albany. 7-6. 64.

Karen was bothered by an injured fitigcr
the past few weeks. bttt the adverse effects
seemed to have worn off. The only thing that
the co-captztin needs is tiiorc practice.

“Rob looked a little better." said Lewis.
“His game isn't at its peak yct. He's not iti
prime physical condition. so a very coiit-
petitivc match like he litrd is good for hint."

The senior admitted that he wasn't match-
tottgh against his opponent. Vermont's Rich
Green. “After this week. i should be match-
tough." said Karen. “My fingcr's feeling it
lot better. and I've been doing exercises to
strengthen it. I‘m starting to get my con-
ﬁdence back. and that's a big part of my
game. By the titne we get back to school. i

 

should be iti gtcat sltupc.‘
Fourth singles player |)ti\ id (llrtssllttttl httd
ct ict titiic of it. defeating Netti Mtrchill.
6-3.6-1. “(irossmtin had the most impressive
outing Iigtiitist Vermont,“ \ttltl lcwis. “lie
just orctpowcrcd MtIchill. David‘s it \cry
strong number four player. and we're going
It) give liitti ti chance to bccotnc tuttiibct'
three."

lit the ftrst scl. (irosstittrn and Mtrchill
were tied tit thrcc gtrtncs ttplccc. (itossmtrn
broke his opponent's sctic and “cut oti to tilt
victory Said (irossmtrti. “Some matches
:trc decided by one kcy point. I made it cottplc
of shots and it wits tlic end of the match.“

The iL‘illll's second loss come when fifth
singles pltiycr Mikc l)ettrrntisky nent dorvrr to
Peter Ncwtntni. 6-2. 7-5. Si\tlt \ittglcs playcr
Jay liiscnbcrg reestablished tltc l)trtics'
dominance with his 6-4. 6-! victory over Ken
\Vitrlcs.

The first doubles team of Ulrich and
(it'osstiiun l1t.‘tli tltc team of l)ttvcy-l-ayroittn
by tile score of 6-4. 7-6. The second doubles
ltlll(lt.‘tll of Sclittiit/ and Karen were extended
to three sets. bttt defeated MtIchill-
Newman, 4-6. 7-5. 6-].

“Tommy and l sc 'cd real well." said
Ktirctt. "We were gctting oitr first serves in
and pttttitig away tltc returns. When they
were serving. we always seemed to have
chances to break them. but we weren‘t gct-
ting the shots."

The third doubles l‘tllll of l-‘isctibcrg tind
l)ermnnsky downed Green and Wittlcs. 6-3.
6-4.

The upcoming week should britig two
challenge matches. one involving Karen and
Grosstnan. and one matching liisctibcrg and
l)ermztnsky. lioth tiititchcs should be well

 

   

 

 

played. bitt the former is tltc more iti-
tct'csting.

“it should be a good match. win or lose."
said (irosstiian. “I just want to have the
chance to move up." for Karen. fourth
singles is someplace where you wouldn't ex-
pect to find at four-time SllNY/\(' champion.

“My goal is to get to number two." said
Karen. Tommy's playing real well though.
lint Dave and l botlt tigrcc llltll he deserves

the Chance to challenge me for third singles.
llcforc I can move tip. l'nt going to have to
beat Dave."

Tire netmcii will travel to RM today to try
to notch their third victory. “Thc've gottett a
lot stronger in past years.“ said Karen. "We
used to take them real lightly. but tiow they
present a challenge for Its. Tltcy have sutne
tough players that should give us a tough

time." ‘ l '

their first gatne but tltcn was beaten by the
champion Dinghatnton State squad 6-4. Led
by Captain John Esposito. their leading
scorer with six points. the ‘A‘ team bottnced
back to defeat Northeastern University and
finally the Alumni team. Jimmy l.eskodi was
the goaltender for 'A' arid if it weren't for
liitii. they would never have reached the final.
Against the ‘l)' teatn in the semifinals. he was
extremely sharp. llis excellent Iltird period
play had to be the highlight of the tottrtta-
merit.

III tlic championship. it was the relentless

 

 

 

attack of the Binghamton offense which pro-
ved to be the deciding factor. John Stinell
was the leading scorer for the Colonials and
for the tournatnent. He was the 'Chariie
Ilustle' of the championship and helped
register the three goals ninghamton scored in
capturing the title. Tony Puceio hadytcn
points for Binghamton in the tournament.
Overall. it was the great shape of their
players. theI consistent play of their
goaltender. and the sliarp attack of their of-
fettst: which just proved a little too tiittcii for
the competition. p

 

 

UPS
The Albany ‘A’ team was shut out by the surprise Btnghamton squad, 3-0. in the
championship game.

 

Ultimate Frisbee Club

Albany State‘s lllllllltllt' i't ivlicc team. the
Act‘ittl Iiotitinids. pctl'oitiicd iniptcssbciy
iti their three victories .It the circle ltist Sttti-
dtry. The Albany Sttttc l-‘risbcc Club was tltc
host of an “ultimate” tonrntttncnt \\lticlt
iticlttdcd teams from liitighutittoii. ()ticouttt
iltltl New York City.

The first game of the tottttituncnt pitted
Albany against their section Iivttl,
llinghatiiton. who at week ctitlict lost to thc
llotititiids iii ovct'titiic. Albtiny jiniipcd ottt
to tilt 8-2 half-time lCtltl. and tlt.‘\’t.‘t‘ lct tip.
pinning by a score of l5—6. The second
grime wtts against tltc New York Shepcrds.
whose tcttrii is cotiiprisctl of Albany
graduates who played oti teams of previous
years. The Slicpct'ds pttllcd out to an 8-0
hulf-timc lead by successfully breaking the
4:2:l ItittL' designed by tctim L‘tlplillll. l'oni
l’rtrto. in the second half. howcicr. Albany
State. ignited by exciting catches and passes
by llrittn l~lttrris. Freddy Mitroti ttnd .loii
(icwirtl, managed to tie the game at ititic.
After trading goals. tltc Shcpcrds found
llicttisclvcs ahead ll-lt). At this point. the
lloitiitiid IDHL‘. trticltorcd iii the middle by
liill Wchh and Adam l-‘ricdlttndcr. cltttitpcd
iii tight and rendered the opposition inef-
l'cctivc. Albtiny then capittili/ctl oti force
turnovers and won the game by it score of
lJ-l 1.

Albany tlictii beat Oneontti Sttttc iii an
ttiicvcnttttti yet dominating game by it til-3
tittirgiii.

The Hominids are participating iti
ultimate tournaments iii preparation for thc
Upstate New York Sectionals which “in be
held oti April 21-22 in Rochester. The team
practices lrotii .‘l-S iii the citclc ercry titty.
Newcoiiicres ttrc wclcottrc to come out and
play.

Bowling results

The saga of the oiled-unoiled lattes con-
tinued this past Saturday lit the Rl’l-Albany
rematch.

Two months ago the RPl bowlers came
to University Lanes and sit ffered a crushing
defeat at the hands of Albany State. After-
wards. the Engineers claimed tltcy were
thrown off by the unoiled lattes. This past

 

 

 

SPORTS BRIEFS

 

 

to Ri’l‘s lanes and were outscotctt by the
l-'tiginccrs by over 200 pins.

i'his titiic it was Albany State lltttt was
supriscd by the lane conditions. The day
bclorc the mtttch. tlic lttncs were oiled in at
“block” ftrsliion. which means llltll only
the middle l‘ttlt‘l of Ilic tillcy wns tampered
with.

“We went there and didn't expect the
block." sttirl clttb ptcsitlctit tttid boulcr Sat
‘i'ltc Kingl‘in" Percdtiiti. “We didn‘t
tcttli/c ll until the cttd'of tltc first game."

Whether that was the difference is qncs-
tioiitiblc. btrt certainly the tibscticc of Steve
Silva. who hurt his hand. plttycd it role in
tire lctttli's trtisuecess. -

There will be a rematch. according to
l’ctctlnia. on ti ticutrtil site where the lane
conditions will be discussed bctwccti the
too tcttttis beforehand.

Gymnasts acclaimed

lltcndu Armstrong and Lynn Strruvis
wcrc tittnicd Most Valuable Player and
Most ltttpror-cd Player respectively oti this
year‘s Albany State (iymiittstic tetttii.

Artiistrong along with tctininitrtc Karen
littilcy brokc many school records for tire
84 team. Snravis will also be the captain for
next year's team. Site was picked by her
teammates iii a recent vote. Sill‘ﬂVlS will be
replacing Elicia Steinbcrg. Ginny Lockntun
and Attttc Tlitttiiasctt.

 

 

Saturday. the Albany bowling club traveled

             
  

.-.-. "ta—c. ,— .. MW“..- {wqyt-ué

 

  
     
      
    
 

 

