  

~ 4......“

. .- _. -. .~-,..v...-’< Mmarmcmmxwm r

’t

,. ......” “Maw.

'6‘»:

...». ..
’ ..,_. 3%-».21.‘

   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

.  esptte‘the weak'selectton of Christmas ’
grnotio'n picture ' releases. ' there ., are
several "which audiences around the

country have decided are worth the high price.

of admission. The following are still playing In
or around the Albany area. ' «

. Ian Spelling

 

.Terms of Endearrhent Is a wonderfully
warm. honest and realistic comedy-drama.
The acting triumverate of Shirley MacLalne.
Debra Winger. ’and Jack Nicholson Is superb.
From the very humorous opening to the data
vu ending. everything rings true. i won’t spoil
it for you by disclosing the plot. Should you
not wish to trust my endorsement or that of
your closest friends. there does exist a simple
solution: see the film for yourself. Those who
are emotional .should take along several
Kleenexes. '

I will stick my neck .out and declare that
Terms will win the Academy Award for Best
Picture. Actress (MacLatne). Supporting Actor
(Nicholson). and quite possibly garner James
Brooks with Oscars for Best Director and Best
Screenplay. -

Views And Visions

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

  

Christine Is a rather-lifeless little movie about
a boy and his car (or is it a car and her boy?).
Arnie (Keith Gordon). the car‘s young owner.
talks to it (her) and actually loves It. Christine
reciprocates by killing those who dare to mess
with her owner. The blood-letting occurs after
a slow. boring build-up In which Arnie .Is
transformed from class nerd to a stud worthy
of dating Leigh. the new girl in town who Is
coveted by the entire gang of horny high.
schoolers assembled in the library. Christine.
of course. becomes quite jealous and tries to
choke Leigh to death at the drive-In while Ar-
nie gets popcorn. '
Earlier In the film. the moody automobtlr
exacted revenge on three hot shots who totall
ed her. The car needs no driver. and after be-
ing wrecked It rebuilds itself (the film's
highlight). All of this leads to a showdown bet-
ween good and evil which questions
America's obsession with possession. The en-
suing Junkyard finale is not scary. )ust anti-

Whether Christine was intended to be a hor-
ror film or a satire is of no importance. for the
film falls completely on both counts. Humor
comes in the form of music. During the open-
ing scene. the car kills a man who dropped
ashes on her upholstery and breaks the arm of
another man. all to the beat of George
Thorogood's "Bad to the Bone." The car's
radio plays only 50's tunes. While she was be-
ing totaled her doors suddenly locked and the
radio blared, "I Hear You Knockln'; But You
Can’t Come In."

If you’re Into cars stay home and watch
Magnum P.I. or Knightrtder for free. If.
however. you get pleasure from Stephen King
novels. read his latest. Pet Semetary. and
hope that a good film adaptation can be pro-
duced. ‘ .

D.C. Cab is a ride not to be taken If the fare
t5 four dollars. D.C. Cab is an ensemble oi
eight men and two women. all of whom carry
roles of equal significance. .

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 

 

 

\
I my»._._.. .

   

It

h

'w‘.

climactic.

Christine leaves one with several
unanswered questions: Why didn't her poten-
tial victims simply run into a house or just get
off the street? During the scenes In which the
car rebuilds itself. how did she replace the win-
dows? Penn Auto Glass?

 

Adam Baldwin (My Bodyguard) arrives In
Washington to be a cabbie and nothtn’ is gon-

.na get in his way. Max Gail (Wo)o from.

Barney Miller). who owns the decrepit cab
company, is a Vietnam vet who lights the
logs In his fireplace with a ﬂame-thrower. Mr.
T. ls here too. preaching against drugs and'

prostitution to anyone who will listen.

What passes for a plot can be told In three
sentences. After receiving a reward for
discovering a lost violin. the employees of
DC. Cab pool their resources and straighten
themselves up. They gain respect and profits.
Mix in a kidnapping. a chase, the old Hit-
chcockian “wrong man accused of the crime"
routine. marital problems. more chasing. lrene
Cara, kidnappers. the opposing cab com-
pany, a pimp. a cab inspector with a grudge.
Gary Busey as a fun-loving moron. and you
have a silly. Innocuous. and rather fun film.
Easy to like — easy to forget.

Uncommon Valor Is an interesting war
movie that could have been a real winner. Un-
fortunately. Ted Kotcheff. who also directed
First Blood. uses every cliche In the book. The
plot centers around Gene Hackman. whose
son has been missing in action for ten years.
Hackman. tired of bureaucractlc red tape.
enlists the aid of Robert Stack. a rich in-
dustrlallst who also has a son missing since the
end of the Vietnam War. With Stack's financ-
Ing. Hackman recruits his son’s old war bud-
dies for a rescue mission. After some minor
hassles. each man agrees to go. They join the
mission for various reasons: a chance to purge

phobias caused by the war, a chance to esca e
the confining realities of peace. another op.
portunity to show that they still have It, ercp

The first half of the film ls devoted to the
recruiting process and the preparation for the
raid of the POW camp In Laos Where
Hackman believes his son to be held. The men
practice In an exact replica of the compound
’ and are forced to feel like ‘it Is real again.‘ At“,
.weeks of training. the rescue drill can be com.
pleted In less than three minutes and the men
are declared fit to face the real thing. Untor.
tunately. the cost of a quickened pace is aloss
of credibility.

Up to this point the CIA has been the 'Blg
Brother Watching Your Every Move.‘ Once
the mission actually gets off the ground. the
powers that be can no longer remain still. All
of the group's Weapons and vehicles are con-
fiscated. but no one is arrested because the
man In Charge is synpathetic toward
Hackman’s cause.

This scene is not plausible. but it pales In
comparison to the one that follows. After

V deciding that a truck ls necessary for carrying
' on the mission. one of the men questions what

the method of acquiring the vehicle should be
“Should we buy one or borrow one?" To
which Hackman curtly replies. “Steal the
fucker!" The line itself and the awful delivery
led to a chorus of laughter from the audience.
Hackman. who still looks like ch Luthcroi
the Superman films. is adequate as the lead.
As bad luck (or bad scripting) would have it.
his Colonel character does not become suffi-
ciently sensitive until late In the film. His por-
trait of a desperate man trying to save his son
does come across as honest. although his per‘
formance is often rather cold.
Fred Ward, on the other hand. is terrific asa
soldier who fears tunnels because of an awful
war experience. Of course. there is only one
tunnel present in the entire film. and Ward is
the man for the Job. The other actors do the
best they can to transcend stereotypical roles.
Although success varies by degress. there is an
aura of an ensemble working together fora
common cause.

 

Not all of the men come out of the ex-
perience alive. And the ironic twist that befalls
Hackman at the end Is original. But, it should
have been taken further while some of the
other proceedings were severely curtailed.
Uncommon Valor Is a mixed bag: in-
terestlng premise. good performances. \vell
filmed action sequences. too many loopholes.
and not enough emotion for a subject that is
still fresh In the minds of many Americans.

It’s. My Birthday. Read. This.

ometlmes. at certain anniversaries of
.lfe. we examine what Is going on in our

world. taking stock of all that Is happen- '

Ing. and. If we're not happy with II. we ques-
tion and change it.

Rina Young

The first two stages of my life. dependencr
and the transition from dependence to in
dependence. are almost complete. The nex
step Is to break into complete Independence.
With maturity comes a loss of innocence and
dreams. but the trade-in of our romantic no-
tions brings us a reality which can satisfy us.
give us peace of mind. and provide us with a
future to look fonvard to.

' On turning twenty, It occurs to me that there
Is a lack of direction for my life to take. There
once. when l was younger. was an image that
I'd hoped to embody. but upon reaching my
twentieth year. I can only wonder what hap~
pened to it. ls it possible to lose something that
once seemed so tangible. and yet not have
any idea how or when? What does It mean to
have a vision. In reality and In theory?

The basis for such visions and values starts
when we are young. first being educated by
our parents in their beleifs and morals. From
this basis we hammer .out our own set of
morals and ethics. We also gradually feel out
our parents dreams and hopes. and what they
had to give up In the battles of everyday living.
Yet we know. through their stories and an oc’
casional sparkle In their eyes. that they stll
have dreams of grandeur.

 

if we lose all our dreams. we lose our future. -

for what are we without our dreams? What
direction can we hope to move in If the path ls
overridden with cynicism and despair? We
have an obligation in life to care. and to forge
hopes in the world of our dreams. a world not
of the possible. but of the actual. For without
seeing what is possible. how can it ever
become the actual? So day by day we live our
lives according to set. daily routines. rarely ex.
amlning them for any meaning. There is a

I constant learning process that goes on In our

lives. sometimes without our knowing it. We
must once in a while look Inward to see how
this process ls affecting us. and what we are
gaining from it. From these different ideas.
and the struggle with these Ideas. we grow and
struggle within ourselves.

And so we grow. and dream. and try to
mesh our dream with our reality. For a lucky
few. this will be easy. yet for most of us. this is
a hard marriage to make. A vision Is a hard
thing to nurture in this world.

This vision Is always under fire. Depending
upon the way we deal with our vision. we may
react In different ways. Is this vision something
we may look towards. but never hope to
reach? Or. In securing this vision. may we
hope to achieve it someday? How committec
are we to this vision of ours? And what If it':
ultimately unfulfillable. and In seeing this we
lose all hope?

' Lately. these questions have been botherinn
me. There Is a void in me presently that needs
a purpose. yet how may this synthesis come
about? How may I go about reconstructing

 

 

 

 

childhood dreams. an
realization that there must be something Inore
something to which i may turn '
energy. There Is a whole life ahead

l can't foresee living without dreams and vi-
stons.

childhood dreams doe

of putting newer more stable one
. s i
place. By shaking t n me"

 

 

such a vision? l have passed the timeof‘rny

if there now comes the

all of my
of me that

Moving into one's twentieth year Is a reason

to pause for reflection. It Is difficult be
the Idea that life is no ‘ cause Of

sn‘t preclude the option

hings up. we pick out the

Mummrru—ﬁm.wom~weucwﬁ ...   .

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

\\

Strongest of our values and desires. and
become stronger and more able to deal with
what lies ahead.

In the end. what matters? What will tnku Iti’

most of our thoughts? Redefining our values
and taking them down for Introspectiun every
so often puts them on a continuunt that we
may deal with. We rock the boat. the waves.
settle. and we continue on our Way. WIMP"
the vision may never become a reality. but the
QUGSUOH ls: does that make our existence antJ
less valid? There will always be the light iii the
end of the tunnel for us: it is not necessary “"‘l
we reach it. To know what there is. is enottgll
hope.

 

 

'JANUARY 31. 1984'

 

 

spaghetti?

Alice McDermott

m In
Albany being advertised to students. The first
Is the Half—Moon Cafe. a small.
seInI—vegltarian cafe five blocks past the New
York State Museum. The second Is the Dut-
chess. known affectionately as “the Patroon
Room at right." located on the second floor of
the campus center. -

We walked into the Half-Moon Cafe one
particularly dark. stormy evening. The white
walls surrounding us. instead of making us
more comfortable. merely made us stand up
straighter. I admit I've never quite grasped the
psychology of colors. but i don't thInk the
owners of the Half—Moon really have. either.
The multitude of brightly colored abstract pic-
tures. from Monica Miller's animation (exhibits
change monthly). were interesting. but only
added a small amount of color to the
restaurant. Even the wood tables. chairs. attd
counters did little to soften the place.

We arranged our things at the table In the
window and walked ‘up to the counter to
check out the menu.

Senti-vegttariatt(and Inexpensive) Is the best
way to describe the food. The rates ( Espresso
$.50. Cappachino.Mocltacltino. $1.00.
Ontelcttes $2.50.a fruit. cheese and bread
plate $1.50) were all very reasonable.

Four-thirty didn‘t seem too early to begin
dinner. so my friend ordered the Italian
sausage sandwich attd mochachino. i decided
to try something unusual (at least for me). and
asked for a Tofu sandwich, black bean soup
with sour cream. and the mochachino.

We went back to our window seat. worrying
about the poor weather. In a few minutes we

were called and told that our food was ready.
We clambered up and. cafeteriavstyletook our

The black bean

 

  

..wi r

. Ed arussich UPS

silverware from the containers. got ourselves
napkins. and went back to the table to munch
away.

The Tofu sandwich (mashed tofu with
spices and celery) was plentiful. but bland.
soup was filled with
vegetables. and was made much richer by the

dollop of sour cream. The home-made italian
sausage sandwich. served on “your choice of
breads.‘ had the spicy tastiness that the tofu
lacked. '

The mochachino. a chocolate flavored cap-

pachino. seemed a little more coffee titan
chocolate. and the chocolate lover In me was
disappointed. But. of course. that's ltow it's
supposed to be.
pleasing parts of the meal. since i was treating.
was that the flrtal check came to only $7.35.

Certainly one of the most

The Dutchess was a very different

restaurant. The lights were dim and soothing.
and candles or flowers were placed on each
table. As soon as we arrived. the hostess very
graciously seated the five of us In this romantic
setting.

Being very hungry. we decided to order

It ~ " ' 1   =  Bbbmoeu-.=...ap....rara~AIrs~~é5~~-~~-9- 
Alice’s Rest

Ired of the same old food? Want
. something other than chicken or

aurantsa,  H ‘   

 

  

 

.. ..wtc “.....nir'» 4‘

 

 

night. This Is nothing horrible. and in fact.
thereare Improvements In the ingay 'r'tlght
menu. ' ’ "

Omelette selections. for example. are im-
proved. The eleven varieties range from the
basic cheddar or Western. to the more adven-
turous alfalfa sprouts or tomato. The side
dishes, which include Buffalo Wings and
French Fried Steak Fries. are a welcome addi-
tion.

Eying the selection. my dining mates. Marie
and Janet.‘each ordered the London Bridge
at $3.95. while Sue and Lisa both decided on
the spinach fettuctne for $4.95. while I asked
for a Western Omelette at $3.50.

The London Bridge is sliced London broil.
with mushroom sauce and a roll. Although It
wasn't rare (as described In the menu). but.
well-done. the musltroom sauce saved'the
dish. Lisa and Sue. on the other hand. were

    

side dishes to split as an appetizer. The place
wasn’t crowded. but service was slow anyway.
When our dishes finally arrived. we shared
deep-fried potato puffs($1.75) and the com-
bination basket. which included fried zucltinni.
fried mushrooms. and onlort rings at $2.75. A
friend ordered New England Clam Chowder
at $.75 a Cup. Of the three. the potato puffs
were the big winners. Accompanied by a sour
cream and horseradish dip, they were crunchy
potatos the size of ping-pong balls. Itot at all
like the frozen TatervTots I had Imagined. The
soup and the combo-basket tied for second. as
the soup was thick and creamy and the
vegetables appeal rested irt the freshness of the
produce used.

Moving on to the Inain course. we noticed
that the menu began to look vaguely familiar.
Why. most of the foods served irt the Dutchess
bear a strong resemblance to the Patroon
room fare. The roast beef and the turkey club
are old hands from the luncheon restaurant.
The spinach fettuchlnl (without the walnuts)
appears earlier In the day. and lunchtimes

 

New Yorker becomes the London bridge by

 

Very unhappy with the spinach fettuctne. fin-
ding lt too bland and without the promised
walnuts. although a special request for
parmesan cheese did perk It up a bit. My own
Westerm omelette looked like a three-egger.
and was filled with ham. cheese. and onions.
Since we were still on campus. the food was
rated on an A-E scale. and recieved a B.

The interesting differences between the
Half-Moon and the Dutcltess Is less the food
they serve than their philosophies and ultimate
goals. The Half-Moon provides interesting.
variated food at low prices. at the expense of
ocailon and atmosphere. The Dutchess. on
be other hand. through it's central location.
offers campus dwellers an attractive. inexpen-
sive. easy to reach place for dinner. sacrificing
a little on the food.

But If you are downtown looking for
something ‘Interesttng' for dinner. or uptown
and not in the mood to leave. the Half-Moon
Cafe and the Dutchess are two very good
eating places which deserve your considera-
tion. Cl

 

 

spects regrets to report the end of a tradition. More than a tradition. in fact. a way of life.
Last Saturday night. we made an appearance at Frank's Living Room.a beloved water-
Ing hole ofASPtes. both past and present. Upon crossing the threshold. we were Irked to

discover certain patrons (ourselves not included — of course) being asked to certify that they
were of the legal drinking age. The gentleman who was requesting the age verification was a
venerable Frank's employee. Andre. the daytime bartender. I

This is notltlng new to those who frequent the 'Post'. or W. T. 's. but to a Franks regular or
even to one who only but occassionally sojourns down the Liuing Roam. this is an outrage and a
disgrace. I

In desparate times like these. where we see lines of students waiting to get Into bars that play
typical commercial music. or even. God forbid. use coin—operated vtctrolas, Franks offers the

lternative. '

a Frank's also offers a monetary alternative to the economically-minded student. On Tuesday 5.
which is Ladies Nite at the tavern. a gin and tonic arid a glass of Budweiser's fittest can be had for
a more $1.25. On Friday evenings. a pitcher of beer can be yours in exchange for the Insignth-
cant sum of $2.00. '

We're flabbergasted at how it has come to be. but of late. urtdeslrables have 'been crowding
our virgin underground paradise. Hark. ye of The LantpPost, of W.T.'s and OHeaneys; take
your business back to those silly sterile playgrounds from whence you came. Leave us to our utt-
flnislted floor. pre-fab bathrooms. crater-faced dartboard. obscure music. roach-infestt'd
cracked-wood bar and. most Intportantly (l). unpretentious social anarchy. Get out! Stay out!
And don't let us catch you there again!

Sincerely.

Cﬂspcctcs

ASPECTS

 

 

 

\
N o FTER THE ctvn WAR.
9 dabble To TAKE IT EASY. I
WASN‘T EXACTLY A SPRING
c H I cKEN ANYMoREdOU KNOW.

 

 

   

 

 

 

   
  
  
 

THE (Rowo IN
HERE suns HAS
CHANGED 5ch
lt'ttEY RAISED TIIE /
DRINKING AGE.

EY BARTENDER. YOU OUGHT
TO HAVE A PLAYER‘PIANO lN

FANGLED VICTROLA'

   
   

          

 

 

 

 

 

 

