 
 
 

 
  
  

 

 

 

 

Kennedy quotes Vincent Reda. SUNY Albany graduate and local writer: “it was a place of pretty tree—lined
streets -— Western Avenue and Hudson Avenue — a nice place to walk outside. to check out where you’d like to
Ive next. . -

politics.
The masses who worked In Albany's railyards. lumber mills and meat packing plants are the history of its
neighborhoods and ethnics — not the officiallhistory of developers and rulers.
, Kennedy has make his name with a cycle of novels about Albany’s sordid past. It began in 1975 with the
publishingﬁof Legs. a fictional account of the life of gangster Legs Diamond whose greatest gift to Albany was his
.38-callber lead-Induced death here.

K ennedy catches the silent majority that caused the city's trends and the masters who controlled the city with

Bllly Phelan's Greatest Game. published in 1978. focuses Kennedy's pen on a lesser-known fictional under-
world hustler and a newspaper columnist with an odd Interest his adventures. '

Of the trilogy this novel focuses most strongly on Albany. It takes a little while to get used to familiar sites Includ~
ed In writings of such polish and skill. Familiar references like. "Billy got off the Albany-Troy bus at Broadway and

 
   
   
    
    
   
   
    
   
   

  

  

  

up and then you might as well watch televi-
slon." This didn't mean much to Tommy. The
only place to see bands in 2021 was on the
video screen. I decided to spice things up a bit.

“Back before President Cuomo raised the
national drinking age to 32. live bands used to
play in bars and clubs." His reaction is one of
fascination and disbelief.

"Sure. Gran-pa. Just like the time you told
me you used to play In the Grateful Dead or
that time you told me Boy George . . . "

"Alright." l Interrupt him. “Maybe l did ex-

; aggerate sometimes but this time l'm telling the
truth. l can prove it."

“Go ahead." he challenges.

l rummage through the record collection I
had held onto for all these years. “This will

 

By last August there was sufficient conv
fldence In the talent to go ahead with the pro-
tect. Charlene and David Shortsleeve —- lets
get It straight. David Shortsleeve co-manages
the club and also co-executive produces the
album — compiled a list of 15 of the best
bands that play 288 regularly. The list was nar-
rowed down as a couple of the bands — the
Decentz and 10.000 Maniacs — were on tour.
Another band dropped out when their drum-
mer passed out during recording sessions and
landed In the hospital.

Unlike the fabled Hudson Rock album of
1982. this album doesn't appear to be a com-
pilation of local bands but rather a “best of"
288 Lark. Some of the bands originally
selected come from such places as Burlington.

Ideal recording area even In a live setting.
While the sound of the album is OK. it could
be better. Aim of highs and lows were lost
along the way. Also the fact that some cuts
were recorded before a live audience while
others were not. leads to some confusion. On
some songs we hear communication between
the band and‘audlence while at other spots
there is none.

Nevertheless. 288 has provided Albany
with a place to hear good original bands. With
a sagging local music scene. it becomes more
Important. Live at 288 provides a good
testimonial to what people were listening to
back in 1984 and maybe in the future.

American Underground

 

 

 

a chance for real airplay. But metal-haters take
note: There's still enough non-metal material
on the album for you to get your money’s
worth. Cuts by the Sharks. The Fan Club.
Dresden Pink, and the Watts, for example.
have been getting progressive airplay.

The Sharks are In their top R818 form with
"Complex." The Fan Club comes forth with
some tight energetic pop. Martha's Airheart
adds some syntho-pop with a catchy rhythm.
interstate plays a brand of southern rock
similar to Marshall Tucker which Is not terribly
chic but very well done with the help of some
fine guitar work.

if there Is a problem with the material on the
album. It Is the fact that many of the cuts
sound like established bands. At various points

Clinton Avenue . . ." are a shock to see before the realization sets In that this town has as exciting a history as any Prove it." 1 53y. dusting 0” a COPY 0t Llue at Vermonl' as We” as WOOdS'OCk and .
setting. 288, Jamestown. Various one can hear an overriding Influence of Mar-.
Tommy's eyes almost bug out of his head as The recording. financed by 288. took place MCE Records tha Davis. for example. or Black Sabbath. This

d Th: stark lronweed has rebuilt the city of bums of the late depression. a world of Francis Phelan, a loser and
run . A

ll is a world of ghostly images. memories of the dead lingering in the guilty mind of Phelan. Kennedy is obsess-
e: with ctihlrlafse low-downs. but he is not in love with them. He paints a sympathetic but brutally honest image of
s attere e. . . .

It is his concern with the mass of people. not the stars of history that concern Kennedy’s 0 Albany! and prior
novels. in a Schenectady Gazette Interview. he said: “What i feel Is, It you don’t move these beings In a real
world. If It doesn't seem to be authentic. then you don't believe In the people. They become shadows. The world
of Albany serves as a ready-made universe In which these beings can function." '

Kennedy brought home the 1983 N ational Book Critics Circle Award a week ago because of his feeling for the
people behind his stories of |ow~lifes and losers. leaders and ward-heelers. The power of 0 Albany! is In this feel
for a city and Its people. [I]

 

 

 

 

l hand him the album cover: photos of live
bands playing In a club!

“Come on. Is this real?" he asks.

"Sure." l reply. throwing the album on my
antique Technlcs turntable which was quite an
attraction among the neighborhood youth. He
seems to get quite a kick out of Operation
Pluto's repeating chorus of “Where's my dog-
gte blsqults." '

“People were really weird back in the old
days," he says with a laugh.

He even recognizes The Reedles' version of
"Mirage." Tommy James and the Shondells.

 

on five different occasions over the month of
September. "it was a month long experience."
Charlene recalled. “We all just about lived
there." The third floor area was transformed
into a recording studio while the bands played
on the usual second floor stage. Not all the
recording was “live” In the absolute sense.
Five of the album's cuts were recorded during
the afternoon. Charlene explained. while the
other four were recorded during regular hours
at night.

Since Its early January release. Live at 288
hasn't met the greatest reception on the air-

 

"A triple album? They gotta be crazy!
Nobody will be able to afford to buy the damn
thing. it will be a wipe-out. A total disaster."

Yes. that was my reaction Just a few months
ago when I found out that MCE Records' latest
local compilation album. American
Underground. was a three record set. That
was also before l started going around to
record stores and pricing the thing — it goes
for under seven bucks. _

Released last fall. MCE's follow-up to Hud-
son Rock has a total of 30 bands performing
all different kinds of originals. Over slx record

 

seems somewhat unusual since i believe that
of the songs are originals — there are no
songwriter credits on the album.

Production-wise the album seems very pro-
fessionally done and well produced. The
sound is good.

Overall. there Is plenty of iIstenabIe material
for the metal-head. the antl-metal-head and
those In between. The six or seven dollars
seems like a good investment for those with

any Interest In music on the local level. [:1

A.
‘ I
0 Albanyl.
. « William Kennedy
‘ by Dean Betz g,‘Viklns, Press . .
“’ Ililam Kennedy. rising star of contemporary fiction, wrotea book about his love affair with a city populated r~
Why thousands of “politictal wizards. fearless ethnics. spectacular aristocrats. splendid nobodies, and under-
' rated scoun‘drels."

0 Albany! Is Kennedy’s latest contribution to his wealth of literature on the city of his youth — the city that
obsessed him when away from it and inspired him when home.

“This book is dedicated to people who used to think they hated the place where they grew up. and then took a
second look." Kennedy writes. a dedication that reveals his learning. loathing. then love of Albany.

Kennedy hasn't been the only person to have lll thoughts about this town. ln- 0 Albany! he quotes architect
H.H. Richardson saying In 1870: “Of all the miserable. wretched. second-class. one~horse towns. this Is the most
miserable." ‘ I

A modern analogy might be the too-oft heard on the campus of this concrete monstrosity: “This place is
nothing like Lawn Guiland." .

Both opinions have no footing. of course. In reality or truth as displayed In Kennedy's “Improbable history."

He left Albany at 28 for Puerto Rico and Miami. but he was drawn back by his memories and'the need to know '
more. , '

"Once I thought l loathed the city. left It without a sigh and thought l'd gone for good. only to come back to O 0
work and live in it'and become this curious cheerleader I now seem to be. But l’m fond of things beyond the city’s
iniquity. i love its times of grace and greatness. its political secrets-and its historical presence in every facet of the! l V e  O  y
nation’s life. Including the unutterable. the unspeakable. and the ineffable." he writes. ’

0 Albany! is a description of the city's youth. Its ethnics. Its pols and Its proles. All the vision is through the
thoughful eyes of Kennedy: a long chapter outlines his North Albany roots in his classic lyrical style. .

This chapter details the BOO-year history of his neighborhood — from the Dutch colonial days to the lumber and  Wayne Peereboom
m'g::hs§r:;::gh:rgfn:':ﬁtrxllltzezzisutll': :ﬁgfy:::;:::hgfulezfzzzy‘m2tc223tglrﬁgs 252:3;9 for a reason “Awww. come on Gran-pa. are you goln’ ta originators of that tune. had made a big come ,waves. First of all. the fact that none of the sides. one will find R&B. straight pop. syntho.

, . \ watch the Mick Jagger Show again this back around 2015. bands on the album have made It nationally pop, reggae Inﬂuences. southern rock. coun-
ume'a'ed to Kennedy 5 hone?“ account Game cruc'b'e of h'5 youlh' Th's sggmen' of "'2 hock '5 a “Manly-page week?" Tommy asks with equal bits of sar- As for French Letter. he can't believe they prevents airplay on commercial stations. Fur- try rock. lots of heavy metal and many com-
long paragraph" one long‘ qu'Ck'y ﬂowmg graph ﬂoal'ng pver Centur'es 0‘ h'Slory and decades Of aumblography- casm and disbelief. I think he finds It a bit silly were from Albany. The band sold 25 million ther. the album has gotten a somewhat cool binatlons of the above.

One Pager tor lnStanceu ﬂows from Pr0t955l°nal baseball team5v t0 the CerU5 tn the 305 and 405. to Albany to see a white-haired old man creaking about albums before finally calling it quits in 1996. reception from the area's more progressive Let's talk about the heavy metal first. Occu-
Times Union city editor Barney Fowler's problems with loose elephants in the 505. to an obituary Kennedy wrote the stage in a football jersey and white tights. He knew the origin of Luinpen Proles since stations although The Tragics and French Let- pying nearly three full sides of the album. it
about Langford the cat. to a neighborhood cat raffled off In a fund-raiser for Sacred Heart Church in the 18905. Jagger concludes each show with “Time Is on Marxism was now taught In elementary Ier have been getting airplay on SUNYA's has to be said that heavy metal is the dominant
He’s not drifting. he’s winding a long trailing story that reads like an oral story; a verbal passing of history. my' Side." which has long since become the schools. WCDB. \ style of music on the album. I must admit to n"

0 Albany! reflects Kennedy's training as a journalist. The book finds space for some origmal reporting. such as anthem of the White Panthers. “You really saw all these bands?" he asks in Musically and production-wise. Jeannie not being much of a metal lan‘ but I can
his tracing of Jack “Legs” Diamondls killing that night aﬁer a kidnapping acquittal to the Albany cops_ “Hey, remember this one," Jagger asks with woridermeni, , Smith and the Hurricanes rendition of the recognize some of the schools of metal

Hedonates a chapter to unwrapping the city’s powerful Democranc machlne' fueled by the Irish __ like a broad smile and a twinkle in his eyes. He Yup. most of em. and I even wrote a rockabilly standard Ooby Dooby is probably represented on the vinyl: The Ozzy
machine founder Dan Orconne" _ and fronted by WASPS _ “ke Erastus Coman ”‘ goes into Undercover of the ~Night. review of the album. i say. pulling out a the tightest cut on the album. Saratoga s The Osborne/Black Sabbath/Bite the Head off a

The genesis of this book was interest from a small regional press in reprinting articles Kennedy wrote about the "Cramps. did you ever see the Rolling yellowed newspaper clip. it was dated Watts put on a catchy performance. featuring Bat School; The AC/DC lm Burning in Hell

. . . . Stings?" February 3. 1984: vocals reminiscent of Bryan Ferry. What the and I Love It" School; The slick. technical
cltys neighborhoods for the Times Union in 1963. The rest of the book grew out of these original pieces. which he "The Rolling 5,0,1“ Tummy." 1 remind Lumpen Proles' "Worlds In Darkness" lacks Deep Purple School and the meilower
completely teVlSed and updated tor the b00k~ mm, “sting was in ano'iher band called the Live at 288 musically. It makes up for in dark. Intense Synihotmeial School. For the most part. the

Washington Park Press editors Susanne Dumbleton and Anne Older asked him If he would submit the pieces. Police. He didn't play In the Rolling Stones Various lyrics. Operation Pluto adds a dash of syntho- metal Is tightly and professionally done with
but he finished with a complete on Albany's origins. The press co-pubiished 0 Albany! with Viking. until 1993 when his career was on the slide Lark Street Records lyrical madness while Capltie anchors the strong rhythm guitar. searing lead and solid

Of particular Interest to Albany students might be the chapter about the Pine Hill neighborhood, home to many and the Stones needed a new bass player. The idea to record an album of the bands of hard-core end ofihings as they did on Hudson bass line. For metal fans this should mean}
student apartments. hang-outs and night spots. “No. Tommy," I say answering the original 288 Lark came about over two years ago but Rock. A combobuiation of tnuslclans from eternal bliss. The album should be a hit In

The neighborhood changed over time from its successful middle.c]a55 famny origins to the present heavily. question. “i never saw the Rolling Stones. The the time wasn't right according to the club's co- various local bands. The uRee‘c'iles seem to suburbia where i believe the heavy metal
student population. “To cope with it. may of the handsome old homes. with their numerous bedrooms. have places they Played] Wire [5° Tlugtﬁdandh'ihilﬁ managle' C'Ia'ﬁze‘ Shortllei'éeéhnl'e ban? 21:29:88” b'eSSEd wm' the fun cm 'rom “'8 baﬂd‘ul'ﬂgu. the}, my meal h (9,59 weuthe 6

. were so man go at at rea n’tt n weren QI’EB a a me. so arenew 0 . 0 e a .
:2? {ggggblagﬁnhteﬁstgrd made in“) rooming houses' faSHOOd ShOPS have Opended‘ and the Full) trafﬁc '5 was worth any": (53.41319. You czuldn't see the was also an executive co-producer of the On the negative side. the overall production metal prominance hasn’t exactly endeared
' band unless they had a huge video screen set album. of the album Is a little weak. For one thing. the Amer/can Underground to progressive radio
small second story of 288 Lark Is far from the and that is the only place where the album has

 

