 
  

 

 
  
  

...~WW,.W._ .
‘_ ..  . My.

“‘“M'xm .._...__ _ , . . . ‘ '

« a. .. «hm-«aware 1b!n~«m-.4’ 0’ ..r. “.7” g

    

 

_ 4°
, C est M01
Only' 24 hours more to St. Patrick's Day. I

Heh heh heh.

By now. We written about being a freshman so many times peo-
ple are beginning to wonder just what the hell i'm going to write
about when l'm a sophomore. Nonetheless (and i beg your pardon
most abjectly). i must now ask for just one more moment of
understanding;

.Freshman. St. Patrick's Day. .

Doesn't the juxtaposition of thoSe two phrases bring a'tear to
your eye?

i once wrote in this column that if a million monkeys typed for a
million years. one of them would write my column for me.

That was a scientific truth.

Here's another: if a million monkeys drank for a million years.
one of them would get as drunk as l’m gonna be tomorrow.

Now the obvious thing to do in a case like this is to dismiss it as
merely being another circumstance of an overzealous freshman.
psyched to be away from home and anxious to spend as much of
St. Patrick's Day as humanly possible as drunk as he can possibly

e.

That’s exactly what it is.

l'm tired of being mature; tomorrow. l'm going to be smashed.
trashed. wasted. whatever your favorite colloquialism happens to
be. Maybe l'll have a keg in my room. as a sort of feeble defiant
gesture to the pompous bureaucrats of SUNYA. who have
decreed that no more keg-parties can be held in suite-rooms but
will allow us beerballs instead. (Quick Quiz - One keg eduais
how many beerballs? You have thirty seconds. . .go!)

it might seem strange to some of you that. after a semester of
protesting'my own maturity and arguing for the recognition of'the
maturity of freshman as a group. i should let myself say such utterly
immature things as “Boy. am i gonna have fun tomorrow!" and
“l m gonna be wasted!."  '

Tough. '
Skoal.

   

. Inside. . .
lrishmen, Irishwomen,
an Italian guy, and the I.R.A,

 

’ MM" '6‘ '9“ ., MARCH l6. I984

8n ASPEch 

lntrospect

 

 

3A

Dubllners: Aspects Commander-in-Chief and uncontested lrish
Authority John Keenan lays dOWn the qualifying characteristics of
Real lrishmen, and provides some illustrative case studies of The
Real Thing and of the Pseudo-lrish Riffraff. Also, Campus Views
takes a quick glance at the Tunnels.

Cameron——

Gentleman Jim O'Sullivan (that boy is everywhere!) takes a look at
the l.R.A.. but finds that the freedom-loving lrishmen of the ‘20's

lare quite a ways removed from their successors in modern-day
Ulster. ‘

 

6A

A Couple Of Colleens: Patty Mitchell describes what being an lrish
Catholic has meant to her in the midst of the predominantly Jewish
student population here at SUNY Albany. Jeanne Canavan
discusses what being lrish hasn’t meant to her in the midst of a
predominantly drunken student population here at SUNY Albany.

 

 

 

7A

Emerald Essays: Joe Fusco. an ltalian guy. takes a dangerously
derogatory view of the celebration of St. Patrick's Day. We at
Aspects challenge Fusco to take his article into O’Heaney’s tomor-
row. hand it to anyone wearing a green jersey singing along to the
Clancy Brothers. and say. "i wrote this." Jane Anderson and Heidi
Gralla. after a lot of time spent behind closed doors. and after
many nasty jokes told behind turned backs - in a nutshell. after

much ado about nothing - produce a piece about the life of Saint
Patrick.

 

 

F FOURTH ANNUAL

ROTARY CLUB
CAREER DAY-

The Rotary Club has offered to sponsor the Fourth Annual Albany
Rotary Club Career Day to be held on Thursday. April 12. 1984. This
event Is a unique and worthwhile opportunity for'SUNYA students to
participate in a half-day on-the-job experience. Forty members of the
Albany Rotary Club have agreed to donate one morning. April 12th to
the career exploration of selected Albany students. This trail-day career
event will take students off the campus. and into the community where
theyrwill spend the morning observing. Interviewing and interacting with
a local professional.

A wide range of occupations will be represented including:

Advertising

1
6 Education
g Banking 7 Insurance
\. Business 8 Law
4. Communications 9' Socials v
5- Dentistry ervtce

After a busy morning of experimental learning. students will be treated
to lunch at the Albany Thruway House courtesy of the Albany Rolarians
Keynote Speaker- Thonias C. Anderson. Director of Fiscal and Ad:
ministrative Services for the School of Business will talk about "Cre' t‘
Success Fxperieiices in Your Career." " mg

The Center for Undergraduate Education (Cill‘) is c~o~sponsorin this
event with the Albany Rotary Club and will hr- coordinatiiig the seldititi
of students Students interested in participating in the Career D1 m'i1
pick up information and an application at CUE. fill it out. anrl rett'ir'li it 
CUE no later than March 28th. On March 29th. a total of seventy-live
students will be selected by a random drawing within each desi r'nt id
area of interest. Pm- me in! mind NANCY M 
cue umaa 457-1. - '

DATES TO REMEMBER: ,
March 28 - Application Deadline
March 29 - Drawing

April 12 - Career Day

 

ﬂ

 

 

 

 

 

Tired of_ looking at all
those cans and bottles
piling up in your house...

Bring them to Soylosﬂoll,
this Sunday from 1 4pm
and donate them to:

Telethon '84'5

OF F -CAMPUS
CAN DRIVE

(Prize awarded for most collected
from one house!)

 

 

 

 

\fd

 

 

by John Keenan ' ~

Whiskey. Other than that. they will con-
sume any kind of alcoholic beverage.
although they tend to prefer the hard.
very hard type. the kind that is made at
home in Uncle Kelly's still and-will ex-
'plode if brought to a temperature of
over 120 degrees farenheit. '

The real lrishman is a strange figure.
He tends to be genial. especially when
drunk. and maudlin. again when drunk.
He also tends to get In a lot of lights that
could have been avoided. but never
feels sorry for them later. unless he goes
id jail.

moves. of quiche eaters and real

. men. we've been deluged with
examples of the correct way for people
to act. We already know. for example.
that real men don't eat quiche. real
women don't pump gas. and real cats
don't eat lasagna. With St. Patrick's Day
fast approaching. the question arises:
“What is it that real lrishmen do that
seperates them from the rest of the
common herd?" Well. to begin with.
real lrishmen don't drink Coke. Real
lrishmen can't understand a soft drink
that bills itself as “The Real Thing."
After all. real lrishmen know what the
real thing is. and Coke just hasn‘t been
the same since they took the cocaine
out. Real lrishmen also haven't been
drinking Pepsi since Michael Jackson's
Billie Pepsi commercial was released.
and. unless that commercial is removed
from the air very soon. they'll probably
never drink it again. '

I n this age. of right and wrong

Real lrishmen do not call the police.
unless they are the police or are related
to the police. They prefer to handle
trouble themselves. perhaps with the
aid of a large two-by<four or Grand-
father O'Donelly's billy club.

Real lrishmen listen to the Rovers.
the Clancy Brothers. and Bing Crosby:
they know at least the first verse of Wild
Colonial Boy.

Real lrishmen watch The Quiet Man
every time "comes on channel 11. Real
lrishmerrlove to watch Barry Fitzgerald
am say. “lmpetuous!”

So what do real lrishman drink?
Beer. Lots of beer. Any kind of beer.

 

They also drink Bailey's lrish Cre

1‘3:

     

believe that Bill Kennedy pro-
bably throws a beautiful right

 

Dubliners

Real lrishmen Don’t Dri

With St. Patrick's Day due'any second now.
Aspectsls proud to present its list of Real
lrishmen and Pepsi Drinkers. Read It. Learn
from it. Then get drunk. After all. it's St.
Patrick's Day.

REAL IRISHMEN

Cu Cullin: a hero in Celtic mythology.
He held off an army single-handedly for a
year. and then. when they finally killed him.
he didn't fall down. This is veryimpressive. as
even the most lrish of Real lrishmen tend to
fall down when they die.

Sulnt Patrick: patron saint of the lrish.
Single-handedly responsible for St. Patrick's
Day. He also chased the serpents out of
lreland. although very few people know what
this actually means.

James Joyce: the basics. Wrote Portrait
of the Artist As a Young Man as well as many
others. His Ulysses was censored throughout
the world as obscene. Real lrishmen unders-
tand that there is a time for obscenity.

Joseph Kennedy, Sr.: made his family
into one of the most wealthy in the country by
running bootleg whiskey during prohibition.
Real lrishmen know how to use the capitalist
system. -

Young Joe Kennedy: Supposedly the
“forgotten” Kennedy. groomed by his father
to be President. but killed in the war. A Real
Man as well as a real lrishmen. as well as a real
anything else he ever attempted to be.

John F. Kennedy: Dispelled the myth
that lrish-Catholic Presidents would be subser-
vient to the pope Too many good qualities to
go into here.

Bobby Kennedy: Was on his way to
dispelling the myth that lush-Catholic
Presidents would be subservient to the Pope.
See John Kennedy for Bobby's good qualities.

Eroll Flynn: all real lrishmen secretly want
to be Errol Flynn They dream of swinging
down from .i true in a suit of kelly-groen to say.
haughtily. “What. Sit Guy? No gieeting fioiii
you)"

Leon Uris: Rumored to be Jewish. but
anyone who writes Trinity is obviously .i real
Irishman. Wife .lill also qualifies. for her stunii»
iiig pictorial novel. lrt.'ftllitl A Terrible Beauty.

George M. Cohan: \\'It rte "Yankee Dot»
die Dandy" and "Over lltt'it' " l'layed by
James Cagney. another iL’tIl liisiitritiii. in film
biography.

Scarlett O'Hara: The ultimate lrish
businesswomaii She combined limiiis. beauty
and sex appeal to utterly devastate anyone lt‘

 

 

 

 

nkCola

  

her way. (Note: All real lrishmen secretly wish
to marry Scarlett O'Hara. They also think that
Ashley Simpson is a wimp. and he's dead if
they ever catch him alone.)

'I'ip O'Neill: His dream job is to end out
his career as ambassador to Ireland. Real
lrishmen iespect that. although most disagree
with his politics. The real lrishman's attitude
toward foreign policy is best characterized in
that wel|~ktiowii catchphrase. “Nuke 'em till
they glow " Real lrishmen aren't proud of their
attitude. but they respect themselves for it.

Bobby Snndo: No explanation
necessary

William Kennedy: Albany‘s own real
Irishman. Most real lrishmen tend to believe
that Bill Kennedy probably throws ti beautiful
right hook Real lrishmen also seriously doubt
that Bill will ever come back to SUNYA. and
they don't blame him for it.

Ronald Reagan: Real lrishmen give this
man Credit He's been screwing up the country
for almost four years now'. and nobody will
blame him for it because he's so lovable. This
is so devious that it's lrish. and "‘5. also
something that real lrishliiaii have been doing
for years.

John Wayne: Actually not a real
lrislimati. as he spent his life being a real
American Nonetheless. he exhiiibits all
necessary titirililicatio riul anyone who
played The (Jim-t Mun .. to have a touch of
the Irish hlnod in him

Pepsi-Drinkers
Ted Kennedy: Real lllSlttitt’lt don't drive

till liiidgm
John' Mitchell: Ulit'ioiis PFINI drinker.

as real liislnrivii do itttl "itoii't it-mll " 'I'hey
rtlSIt tht tilil go to tail. either being much too
sweet and tltlitlit'ltl looking to be sentenced.

oi trim! living killed by 1M tllt t.‘

F. Scott Fitzgerald: ’l'his v..i~ .i close one
to call. lntt ir'al lit-.litiiitii ittt.’ tint pivppie

Gerry Coouey: Real liisiiiiirm don't talk
big illllt'HN tln'v i'illi hack lltt’iilht’l\t“ up Real
ltishiiieii also tltlli'i tlo itMUI-lilritlt‘ conimei»
rials unless they will the heavyweight cham-
piilllhltlli of lltt' world

Vincent O'Leary: Real liislimeii allow
kegs in the tliitlliS

 

      

Bur DOESN'T tT aways
FotLow.qunE THERE'S EmeME
iNtFLLICENLE rum: IS ano
COMPLEYE sruPniiry. 9 C955
IN POINT...

BUILDING THESE TUNNELS was
“ A REAL sraoxe aF GENIUS. racy
PROVIDE easy access To any
BUthiMc on me ALADEMIC Pobtut’l.
WHILE nnkivc avrmoq Excvnswus
VIRTURLU/ oeSnETE. l

   
    
   
   

 

   

 

 

 

 

. w‘sﬂf.
. e .4 't' $,.',;,§.y‘,,$’.»/""’

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

