  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 at 53M .

4 SportsApril

: By MARC SCHWARZ
Magazine Editor

Over,200,000 people from all over the country pass

through this little hamlet on the southwestern edge of

‘ ' 5 Lake Otsego, New York every year. They come to visit

R ‘ ' one of America's shrines, the National Baseball Hall
=’ of Fame in Cooperstown.

“it (baseball) seems to be more ingrained in the

I fiber of the country than any other sport," museum
' ; curator Ted Spencer said.

For anyone who has ever picked up a ball and bat, a

LAWRENrtr i’l'll

' ” “tit/q

. trons '4 ‘ '

*NEW Ytiltk n
j'thYED ()N Mrth l‘t '.
WORLD tjlfKMl‘l't’J‘ l..

mu). ,

 

playgrounds long gone and summer evenings flipping
4,. the radio dial in search of an announcer’s voice over
the crackle of the static.
“There is something attractive about baseball. I’m
not talking about fan attendence, it’s something else,”
' Spencer continued. “I saw it once in a Philadelphia
‘1', paper, everyone no matter how old, feels they can get
’ up to the plate against a major league pitcher and hit
1 one out." V '
‘ The basics of the Hall of Fame read like this: it was
' established in 1939 to celebrate the 100th anniversary
, of baseball. Baseball commissioner Ford Frick propos-
jed that the Hall be established as part of a shrine to
honor the game‘s immortals. On June 12, 1939, 25 of
the greatest men to ever play the national pasttime
became the inaugural inductees. Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb,
Honus Wagner, Christy Mathewson and Walter
. Johnson were the first five players elected to the Hall
back in 1936 by the Baseball Writers' Association of
America.

initially, the museum consisted of two rooms which
housed photographs, artifacts and other memorabilia
.1: celebratingthe game. Beginning in 1950, the‘museum
 began to expand and in 1958 a separate wing was
> built to house the plaques honoring the Hall of

' V, Famers. The final stage in the development ofthe Hall
was the erecting in 1968 of the National Baseball
Library. The library is home to a variety of written,
' oraLand visual literature concerning the sport.
Simpl" stated the National Baseball Hall of Fame
A and Museum is home to 184 plaques honoring its
members and four floors of exhibits consisting of
50,000 square feet of display area. Following a three-
year, $3 million expansion and rennovation program,:
‘ » the museum has been brought into the second halfof
’ the 20th century, according to Spencer.

But baseball nor the Hall of Fame is simply stated.
“Many people would not appreciate how many areas
of interest baseball touches upon," librarian Tom
Heitz said. He went on to list the various types of peo-
ple who have contacted him regarding baseball.
Lawyers, sociologists, writers, journalists, poets, ac-

ORtAltJlERSILI I‘.‘
Mr’i ‘J.’ lllOUl’ ﬁ‘. li-t
Allﬂ‘tlll“. Pl AYFK HI

YANKEE—.3 TL} Vi

.‘I
.84 J.

 

 

 

merica’s

trip to the Hall rekindles memories of sandlots and-

ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl TUESDAY APRIL 3, WM

P

   

  

tors, statisticians, historians, dancers, physiologists
musicians, students, and fans all reach out to the i lall
of Fame and baseball for something.

Taking a walk through the museum is strolling (lt)\\tt
memory lane and striding through history. Even in the
winter, the Hall normally attracts around 200 people a
day, many of them fathers and sons. Last iriday,
despite the horrendous weather that belted the Nut-
theast, several families made the trek to Cooperstmx n
to take in a feeling of summertime while outside tin-
building snow fell and the inhabitants of this village
sloshed through the ice and snow:

For the Nicholsfamily of St. Louis, Missouri, it was a
chance to search for hometovVn players now former
honored on a slabe of marble, from Cool Papa Bell,
who spent his days in the Negro Leagues roaming
centerfield for the St. Louis Stars, to the greatest
righthanded hitter of all time, the immortal Rogr'rs
Hornsby, to the Gashouse Gang to "The Man"
himself, Stan Musial to a recent inductee, the fiery
flame-thrower Bob Gibson. Fourteen-tyear-old lirit
Nichols had a chance to compare his baseball card
collection with the ones lining the walls of the third
floor. Topps, Donrussand Fleer have come a long
way from the tobacco cards of the early years of the
sport.

There is one personality who overshadows all that is
in the museum. Whether he's called the Sultan or
Swat, the Bambino or the Babe, George Herman
“Babe” Ruth has left an eternal mark on the game of
baseball.

Spencer explained the aura that surrounds Ruth:
"He's definitely the main attraction. The sport still
revolves around him. i don’t think anyone will be as
big a part of sports history as Babe Ruth.”

To honor the man who brought the sport into the
limelight of national attention, a section of the
museum is devoted solely to him. With the trophies
that encompass the third floor display case and the
film clips portraying his antics, the legend of the Babe
lives on through the admiring eyes of the people who
pass through that room.

The moseum serves as a three-dimensional history
book for the sport. One can see the 18005 come to life
In the Cooperstown Room, a room dedicated to the
founding of baseball. Whether it’s the ﬁrst ball usetl
by Abner Doubleday (or Graves) to the uniforms and
mitts of the era, the sights and sounds of the beginn-

- ings of organized baseball become animated.

Both Spencer and Heitz feel that an important ml?
of the Hall of Fame is to provide a historical perSP‘v‘C'
tive to the game. “Most people are fans of the current
teams and players. We try to impress upon them the
roots of the game,” Heitz commented.

In order for the Hall to remain the leading authority

as

   

(in
itll’lt‘l(
Its tql

 

TUESDAY APRIL 3. 1984 o ALBANY STUDENT PRESS sportsApril. 5 t

 ~ he ’aSebaII all-of Fame: 
e revisited-

.lnaseball information and warehouse of

)rabilia, it must maintain, update and upgrade
lection. "Everything is donated. We don’t have

tin-resources to go out and buy things,” Spencer said.
the tail of Fame is a non-profit organization and

 

allhi

 

rgh there is no official relationship between the

Hall and major league baseball, Spencer added that

the) r

eceived a great deal of support from the Com-

miss oner and the teams.
01 e concern Spencer and the Hall faces is private

cullt C

tors. Although it has not posed a problem yet,

at“) ding to Spencer, it could someday. "It's a con-
tern of ours. It’s not to the point of us being-panicky

yt‘l.

ill >
Fant
Age!

hough.”

current players and newly inducted Hall of

rs are generally very cooperative, however.
5 and commercial agreements have sometimes

gollllp in the way. “One of the main ways of contribu-
tions is relatives and friends of former players who will
sentl us various articles and photographs to add to our

rollc:
F0

tion," Spencer said.
his part, Heitz at the library maintains a

biog'aphical file on all major league players, past and

pres

auth
an (
anti

nt, as well as files on managers, coaches, scouts,
ump res,
rs and baseball personalities. The files contain
timated 2,500,000 documents, questionnaires
ews clippings, according to library records.

executives, broadcasters, sportswriters,

A ariety of people use the Hall of Fame library for

its it

likel

ources and information; some of them are not

candidates to be found in the Hall of Fame.

“We we had dancers come in and watch films of

base 9
mar
sai .

g:

servi
parts i
learn

all players to study and analyze their

ments.They study the body motions,” Heitz

wide range of people to call upon the library’s

es also includes actors who are studying for

n a play or movie. The actors look at films to
the characteristics of ballplayers, to see their

react ons to errors for example, Heitz explained. In

arlrli
their

on, they will listen to recordings of players to get

oices and accents down.

Another area ofthe entertainment indUStry which
contnually utilizes the Hall of Fame are film and
televsron producers. According to Heitz, they wrll

span!

 

a great deal of time researching so that the

mole will have the proper look for the era it is por-
lrdYi 8. A vivid example of this is the filming of The
Nalt’lal. a film starring Robert Redford which is due to
he rttleased this year. In the film, Redford is cast as a
pldY'tr in the late 19305. The film producers, Who Shot
on location in Buffalo, constructed the proper

hallpa
f rarne

rk setting and made the uniforms to fit that time
by researching that part of baseball history at

the Hall of Fame.

  

 

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 

Perhaps the largest group of people to make in-
quiries to the Hall are fans. "Fans will call up all the
time and ask trivia questions," Heitz said.

Last Friday, for instance, a fan had called up wan-
ting to know if any player had played for three dif-
ferent pennant-winning teams. He was hoping that if f .
Pete Rose were to lead the Montreal Expos to the Na- ‘
tional League crown this season, he would be the first
person in major league history to accomplish this feat.
Heitz had a slight grin on his face after doing a little
research: “l’m goingto blow this guy outofthe water, . ,
We already found three guys who have done that," .~.‘
he said. Two Of them were pitchers, Lew Burdette and ,'
Hall of Famer Burleigh Crimes.

Since August of last year, Heitz and his staff have
received over 2700 requests for research or informa-
tion, with a little under 50 percent of them coming
from fans. , ~

This, however, is just one area of Heitz's job. One
project that he is currently working on is sorting
through a storage room full of scrapbooks,
magazines, photographs and various other
documents dating back to the 18005.

Just looking through all that material would be a
baseball fan’s idea of heaven.For Heitz and his staff,
it’s also their jobs. "I’m interested in baseball and I’m ’
also a librarian. It’s an exciting and interesting place to V
work,” he stated. '4

Past that storage room, which Heitz admits is at ; j}
least five years worth of work to sort through and 5 V_
catalogue, is a storageAfiie room which contains a f
variety of documents including day-by-day statistics y
and box scores for every major league team for every ‘
major league season, a veritable nirvana for the en-
thusiast. The library also contains a collection of an
estimated 50,000 photos. Copies are available to
anyone interested for a charge.

Despite the enormous amount of information
available at the library, it is the museum just a few feet
away that draws the real crowds. There is something
pure and innocent about the exhibits, whether it is
loe DiMaggio’s locker with the pinstripe uniform
elegantly hanging there or the coarseness of Ty
Cobb’s Detroit Tiger jersey.

The technological advancements of the 201h cen. ‘
tury are vividly displayed in a showcase of catcher's ‘ v
equipment. From the wiry frame of the turn of the
century to the latest in facial and neck protection,
history of the game as well as the nation evolves
before your eyes. For different people, ’different ex-
hibits touch something within and bring back, '
memories long forgotten. The ballpark room on any
given day can find a father showing his son where he
had sat as a kid in Ebbets Field, or was it Connie Mack
Stadium, where he had snuck in to see the
Philadelphia A’s take on the Washington Senators." Cl

.ﬂ'

. uh}

»
P .

MUHFlel \\ \l kl ll
ill l'aBl’li ‘5 \

Hit \itth 1" FX1 11' \1

~J\t . rut llA wt in HM ll
Il-\l.t rut R St ASUN‘. 'atlii 
writtr‘. Pi stINr; Lift-HM!
n+1: HUME RUNS WON M at an:
AWARD 1966 RIPLF ARMFIi lit 1 1‘
Star N L MARX BY PM, w, tiltll
tssrsTs PIVEYEARS ll\:111"v"
wule SERIES.HII‘1INM 1N All

\lth‘ maxim imma- Mill i": ~
11‘ llllthl‘)ilt‘m.. t

-H<3+-3'1.‘iiNrili
‘  il‘l Y w.rrns.rt'n¥7
two ltll‘i IN ter~ INNth
uttxl' VAlitAitlF N t.i'l'

 

 

 

 

