 

    

seas-EMWW—Wi—L. _. _.

  

 

L

uch to the Chagrin. lsuppose. of those
ossified hippies who still shuffle
around campus. we have not entered

 

i ‘10 ASPECTS on" TUESDAY

_efore you listen to Body and Soul. Joe
Jackson's seventh and latest studio
release. you should question your ex-
pectatins. due to the fact that this highly
diverse musician possesses an unusual

tendency to delve into entirely different
musical genres without warning.

Evan Schwa‘rte

" Although the similarities slightly outweigh
the differences when compared to his previous
album. Night and Day. he does attempt to
thrust his musical scope towards the outer
boundaries of pop music even more than
ever. With this. Jackson ls musically moved
even further away from his early recordings.

lit/r079. Joe Jackson arrived. Look Sharp.
his debut. was a well crafted quintessential
rock album which put him in close association
with Elvis Costello. and therefore with the
budding New Wave movement Look Sharp
redefined what could be accomplished with
only bass. drums. and high pitched cheesy
guitar chords. The album thrived on the air
and in the stores.

On his second atid third records. I'm the
Man and Heat Crazy. Jackson utilized similar
instrumentation. but expanded his range..l-‘or
instance. "Different For Girls" was ltis first soft
ballad Although these were.' excellent efforts
and Jackson was experiencing growth as an
artist. he was also experiencing tlte Law of
Diiiiiiiishihg Returns. The growth became less
and less profound as each successive album
was received less and less enthusiastically by
the public and critics.

With .Iiiinpin' illllL‘. vliiCkSltli changed what
he had been holding Constant all along: his ac~
tual form of music. This I‘ltil opus featured
.lackson bravely tackling atid ri- creating in»
terest in the genre of vocal tau

l‘ltS next release. Nig/il tlttd Day. was
similarly a IHII degree turn For the first time.
Jackson focused oit the keyboard as his main
source of accompanyment I'Iis newfound ap<

 

 

 

 

Perspectives 

son’sUnstructure

 

APRIL 3. 1984

i i.

d’ soul

 

 

hits. such as "Steppin' Out" and Breaking Us
in Two." gave Jackson his biggest selling
alhuni to date.

liven aside from the singles. Night and Day
deserved all the attention it received. Songs
such as "Cancer." with its refreshing Latin
rhythm. contributed to placing Mr Jackson in
a class by himself in terms of versatility l'lis
subsequent concert tour offered llil ire s'uppor-
tiiig evidence of his talents.
This past November. Jackson released the
soundtrack to lilikc's Murder. II is a sound
track without a movie. The movie finally came
out. but. for some reason. failed to use Joe‘s
tunes The record is in the Night and Day vein
and does have some fine inoments. although
it was larger ignored by almost everyone.
According to the album's liner notes. a main
objective of Jackson's new LP Body and Soul

 

proach to pop songs and commercial radio

was to diverge from the “contrived sound of

 

an’d’ "Be My Number Two." With Its Latin
salso-rhythm and catchy keyboard riff. “Chit.
Cha Loco" is reminiscent of "Cancer," “[39
My Number Two" Is comparable in “Breaking
Us In Two." being a no frills. Joe-tappingnm.
tits-feelings-onsthe-plano type at tune
Counterparts ‘or not. these are two of the
strongest tracks on the album.

Lyrically. for an artist who has beett known
for sharp. sardonic wit. relevant social com.
mentary. and touching sentiments. Iioriy and
Soul-is surprisineg deficient. “Go For hf
which closes side two. is probably the Worst
song Jackson has ever recorded. Not otin is"
over-burdened with nauseating cliches, lint it
Is riddled with annoying lines such as "Think

 

guitar-oriented song.

The two cuts with the most obvious Night
and Day counterparts are "Cha Cha Loco.‘l
too many modern recordings" In order to
achieve this. Jackson expanded his band to
seven pieces. including a horn section. For the
actual recording studio. he opted for an an>
cient wood and stone lodge. used mainly for
classical recordings as an alternative to the
traditional recording environment.

The l‘tttrll‘trtfd-tll-Sfrttt'ltll't‘tl-f’up attitude is
most apparent on the album's opener. “The
Verdict " Its majestic brass contrasts with
tender vocals. creating a stirring ode to the

What You Want (Till You Know What You
Want)" is the tune most suitable for radio
airplay on an album that pi'obably will not fare
too well in that realm. The tune is upbeat. is
relatively catchy. and is the records sole

 

movie of the same name. "You Can't Get ‘

of Babe Ruth. you think of hot (logs .md
beer/But if he can lilt‘a home rim so in“
'you."

As with most rock artists. a large portion of
Jacksonls wrltiiig is devoted to the sntiiui-i nt
love.‘ On Look Sharp. Jackson viewed love
not as a participant. but mainly as an envious
and often bitter spectator. Songs such as "Is
She Really Going Out With Him" and "I I-ttipy
Loving Couples" typify this. Back tin-ii he
was cynical with traces of sensitivity lint .is tin
musical styles changed. so did his lent-s (in
Night and Day. he was sensitive with iiarcwl
cynicism.

However. on Body and Soul, hu i\ itisl
plain sensitive. For instance. his appioiicli iii
the trauma of breaking up is paiticnlaiiv \\ltlttt
py as Jackson sings. “You don't want In mitt-.tv
a so te..and lrloti't want to cry" in Not I ft‘ti'.
Not Now.

The instrumental piece “Loisiiiila” Ill‘.t‘ll\

attention front lyrics. Wltli its l)lltl’ ilimniii
solo. this beautiful overture cliiingi-s IlII‘ nimi
of the whole album.

Actually. Jackson might have in lili".t’\l III)

goal -— this record is not among the l iiiilti‘.t‘il
souiirl-a-likes on today's music scent:

Although Body tlIiLf Soul does not iiiiil.
among Joe Jackson‘s best. add a hall ~tiii If
you are overly sensitive. and add a \‘.‘li<tli‘ -.i.ii
if you are into textured. unique music

 

 

the “Age of Aquarius." but rather the "Era of
Leave it to Beaver."

Harvey Yale ‘

a“

Indeed. television had become so entrench-
ed in our popular culture that the ‘hacks of
Academe' have seen fit to introduce courses in
It: witness that dubious Anthropology 147
course “American Popular Culture." in which
Wally and ‘the Beave' are prominently
displayed In the 8 by l I advertisements in the
Social Science building. That such courses can
be tolerated by a university on the brink of
fiscal insolvency (why else would Governor
Cuomo attempt to impose a tuttlon hike?)
makes me wonder whether our university
president is Vincent O'Leary. or Aaron Spell-
ing.

There 'are decent television shows. but we
need not' canontze them. Certainly. that
prestige-conferring word "classic" should not
apply to such diverse shows as Leave it to
Beaver. I Love Lucy. The Odd Couple.
MASH. The Honeymooners. and The
Twilight Zone. good though they may be. And
this is preciser the problem with David
Singer's article on the Twilight Zone (October
21. 1983). That he calls such whimsical con-

 

 

cells classics may lead one to infer that these
are adequate reﬂections of American culture.

I realize that criticizing a Zone Fan is nearly

as heinous as stealing candy from a baby. or
tripping a dwarf; but how can Singer accept
these occasionally effective. but
vaporous. Twilight Zone episodes with such
equanimity? That Rod Serling and his cohorts
(Richard Matheson and Charles Beaumont)
generally wrote pretentious. attitudinlzihg
episodes. laying claims — as in that other.
equally pretentious.,sclence fiction television
anthology The Outer
metaphysICal significance. should not con-

mostly

Limits ~ to

 

 

 
 

 

vttice people that the show is a classic. Yes.
there were some good episodes; three come
to mind: "Little Girl Lost “To Serve Man".
and "After Hours." And these episodes are. at
best. breezy entertainments: at Worst.
however. the episodes simply lack
‘gescliinack.'

 

The subject of science fiction brings me.
naturally. to those two important series
specializing in space exploration: Star Trek.
and Lost in Space These shows are light‘
years ahead of ‘f'u'ilig/it Zone in quality and
substance: there is a difference. however. in
that the former shows are series with continu-
ing characters. whereas the latter is an an-
thology. But these two shows are not without
their problems.

Star Trek has its share of fanatics (trekkles
and trekkers). That this series has attained
cult-status is not easily explained. But it has
ben shown that religious cults have attracted
disaffected middle-class youths: and Star
Trek. with its scientific jargon and its elephan-
tlne dlsqutsitlons on the universal brotherhood
of aliens. has become a neat substitution for
rellqlous litany and dogma. Star Trek is
therefore the McLuhanesque"‘gIobal village"
where Mr. Spock Is God'and Captain Kirk has
become his prophet. '

On a more mundane level. there is the bad
acting of the principal performers. If wood
could act. would it be Leonard Nlmoy'.’ And if
anyone can stand William Sliatner's method
acting for more than 5 minutes. he. or she. is
good. Also. James Droohan's labored Scottish
accent for Scotty is puckishly nauseating.

But it is not lust accent alone: consider the
contrlvances of the plots. Whenever there is a
landing party on a hostile planet. there are
always two or three fall guys to get zapped in»

stead of Kirk. Spock. McCoy. or Sulu. Worse
yet. dlehard trekkies will unerringly defend
such early good shows as “City on the Edge of
Forever." and such later abortions as "A Piece
of the Action." Clearly. these trekkies become

[IT—Space Revisite

lesser Erasmuses in praising such folly.
Finally. there is the problem with the scien»
tilic accuracy of this enterprise (pun intended).
Are we to believe that a transporter can
dentaterialize and rematerialize people? Are
we to accept the iiotioti that the Enterprise can
attatti speeds greater than light through warp
factors? I know that the Star Trek executives
consulted with NASA officials concerning
these scientific prospects. but lam unconvinc-
ed. I suspect that this was a subtle means of
propaganda by NASA to sway the impres-
sionable youngsters into supporting the space
program. After all. these young trekkies will
eventually become adult trekkies with social
and political power. It is no mere. coincidence
that the first space shuttle was named “The
Enterprise" by President Ford. because of

Trekkie pressure both in and out of congress.

I turn with relief to Lost in Space. which
may not dwell ln Singer‘s pantheon. but —
hold on to your phasers —— I must categorically
declare this show to be one of the ten best ever
televised. For the edification of the uninform-
ed. it Is currently being shown on Saturdays at
it am. on WXXA (23).

I can just hear the carping of those
Bones" about the utter tendenttousness of my
choice: but I don't give a hoot. It Is. I'm afraid.
an expression of Philistinism. not unlike those
con artist rock critics who praise every piece of
New Wave absurdity that comes screeching
their way. From my vantage point.
similar in what Schopenhauer said
man who goes up in a balloon: he
see himself as bigger —- he
the world as smaller.

But I digress There are.
hackneyed plots Ill Lost in
should not detract one
the kidding. as it were. of the science fiction
genre. Unlike the signpost up ahead in the
I'wilight Zone. the signpost In Lost
reads “Caution: Irony at Work."

The acting

“Zone

I become
about a
does not
only seesthc rest to

of couse.

Space. but this
from seeing the satire.

in Space

.’ Well. for the most part It is two-

dimensional. with the notable exception of
Jonathan Harris' Dr. Smith. a mnlti liltt‘ll’(l.
exceedingly complex character Not lot
nothing did Harris receive the greatei poition
of the fan mail.

The props? There are enough met Iianiml
gadgets to delight at denizen of Niviman
Marcus. including the famous illl|7ll|'t II of
which there was a full-scale mock-tip ftti ti’l
taiii scenes. and a partial mock-up foi otlwt
scenes. Yes. Virginia. there was a tllttttliltlit’t'
fellow by the name of 8er May opcmtlntt III“
Robot. He was a scion of Ole Olson of the
famous Olson and Johnson comedy team.
and although he gave the Robot tiiovr'tiietits.
the voice was dubbed by. rumor has It IHHH
Allen.

The music? It may surprise peova to linow
Ilialdohn Williams. the niustc man for .iiiu-s
.and Star Wars. composed the music for Lust
in Space.

The real triumph of Lost in Space 1.» tItL’
Robinson family's cohesiveness. Not since the
Corleone family do we see such devotetittcSSv
such parental didacticlsm as exhibited here
This is a far cry from the synthetic shenagtgans
of the Brady Bunch. or the moral detritus of
the Twilight Zone. Lost in Space should be re-
quired viewing for every prospective Dam“
while the nonsense espoused by Dru 0' M’ ‘
Spock. should be thrown to the wind

Unfortunately. Lost in Space suffered the
one of other television shows: the later
ePlsodes suffered from the law of diminishing
returns. The first problem was competition
Tm"? Batman. The second problem was ((1le
This uitWholesome combination led to «I W"
tain campiness which gave the show a ball
nitrite. But the shows being broadcast iiow Hill
the Cream of the crop; it would be a lio‘i I"
miss them because they provide a real itllt'i‘
native. Lost in Space may not be a classic. but

 

it sure beats My Mother the Car or link!
Twilight Zone. I l

 

APRIL 3. 1984

 
  

 

eware of Paravacini. the guest from
nowhere. the man of mystery. Watch
out for one Christopher Wren. a most

' flaky man. Take it easy when dealing with the

crabby Mrs. Boyle. They. among others.
possess secrets. and hide tales to be told. And
all the fury of their revelations shall be explain-
ed durltig the course of SUNYA's production
of Agatha Christie's The Motisetrnp.

Ian Spelling

Christie's usual web-spinning and
meticulous plottliig follows a tried and true
mystery formula. The treatment that her work
receives at the Performing Arts Center would
certainly make Iier proud.

Prou at the outset of this whodunnit are
Mollie and Giles. a young. happily married
couple Iryiiig their hand at managing a guest
house. Newlyaipened Monkswell Manor
serves as the location of the play. The action
never strays from the main foyer.

 

 

While preparing to welcome their first
guests. Mollie hears but. pays no attention to.
a radio report that a Mrs. Maureen Lyon had
been strangled to death earlier in the day in
London. .

Having ignored the announcement. Mollie
allows Mr. Christopher Wren to enter from the
tempestuous winter blizzard. Soon to follow
are Mrs. Boyle. the dapper Lieutenant Met»
calf. a prim woman named Mrs. Casewell.
and lastly. a man who introduces himself as
I’aravacini.

Once all of the guests have made
themselves comfortable. Mollie answers
receives a phone call. and learns that Sargeant
Trotter from the police department is coming
out to the house. No explanation is given over
the phone as to the purpose of Trotter's visit.

Trotter arrives via a pair of skiis. and the
odd assetnblege of suspects is trapped
together in a nasty game of cat and mouse.
Bill why are they suspects? That's simple: on
the dead woman's corpse rested a list of two

III’IPUS IEle

  
    
  

  
    
  

   

addresses. one being that of the dead woman
and the other being that of Monkswell Manor.

It seems that Monkswell Manor houses the
murderers two reinalning victims. After one of
the three had been terminated. the others
were fln)conveniently trapped in by the snow
storm. in addition to the strangling technique.
the killer employs a thumb song. This song.
"Three Blind Mice." quickly incorporates itself
Into the heart of the play. it becomes especial-
ly preve ant when it Is whistle and played-on

the piano moments prior to the strangling
death of the bothersome Mrs. Boyle by a
disembodied pair of hands.

With Mrs. Boyle lanced. one mouse re-
mains to be trapped. The local affairs of
bygone years were retuining to haunt those
who fear to admit to their respective pasts To
take advantage of the situation. the
manipulative Sargeant Trotter attempts to
coax a confession from each of the possible
suspects/victims. Because they refuse to tell
him all they know. he is prevented from pet‘-
forniiiig his sworn duty to protect. Says be. "If
one of you gets murdered. you'll have yourself
to blame."

As the tension builds. suspicions are further
aroused. nerves are shredded. and accusa-
tions abound. Mollie suspects her husband.
her husband suspects the odd Christopher.

DI IVFOITD

Views and 

Building A

 

 

  

 

MouSetrap I

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

and he in turn has his own ideas. Telephone
lines are severed. the blizzard negates all at-
tempts to gain access to Iransportatioii. a pair
of skits disappears. and all of the evidence and
everybody's lingers poiitt towards the ever-
gullible Christopher.

Most of the performers in the cast of this
suspenseful yarn are top notch. particularly
Robert Whaley as Chris Wren Whitley plays

.lltL' wealcwristed Wren with his tongue firmly

in cheek. Occasionally the fluttering about
seems overdone. but it is never out of
character. When the tone of the play turns
somber. so does he Whaley comes up With a
teii'iftcally sympathetic court-tragic perfor-
mance. I

Mark Saks' mysterious l’aravacini is an evtl
and sadistic human whose sharp comments
are on the iitark as social commentary. You

 
 
  
 

Won't like him. which will surely please Saks.

Maria Meniole's bitchy Mrs. Boyle grates on
the nerves Her quick exit aids in the success
of her performance. Had the character's life
been prolonged it would have hurt the play.
This is by no ineaiisa criticism of the portrayal.
oiin of the role.

Kathy Donahue as Mollie. William
Salzmann as Giles. and Laura Porter as Ms.
Casewell are all fine in their roles. Keri Rizzo's
performance of Sargeant Trotter gains
momentum and Improves a great deal
throughout the play. The only weak link Iles lti
Steve l-lart's portrayal of Lieutenant Metcalf.
The part is relatively minor. and In his few
lines Hart lacks bite. The thankless role Is an
unnec ‘s appendage Blame Ms. Christie:
she must have felt an extra suspect was need-

 

P.

In The filoiisetrup. action is talk and talk is
action lr'ortunately. the talk is terrific and the
acting sustains the ensuing discussions.

The fifoiisetrnp looks and sounds great. It
keeps your interest. showcases some promis-
ing ialet‘t. and provides for an entertaining
couple of hours. Wliocould ask for more? I]

  
   
   

 

 

 

4.1mm

 

  
 
 
 
 
   
    

  
  
    
    

THAT'S A NICE (1)0ch
rttttLﬂox

       
 
   
 

  
  
   
 

It REAL N/cE
LOOKle Mnicbox

  
  

E .
t‘lkll.

   

 
 
 

 

   
   

  
 
 
  

 

 

 

  
  

  
 
   
   

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  

    

15's. THAT SURE is RN
' EMPf‘l t’tttILBOX.

tittEtiL EMPrY HntLBoX.

 

 
  
 
  

ott LOOK tF isu‘rntt; 
THREE SfOOGES- I {051’
HATE COMEDIANS,BU1T..

ll  lg... ﬂit
@ I. it:
i‘ingmmw
I II

 

  
 

 

 
   

  
 
  
 

 .1 sun! Love” ciwivc
me.Lany two wear
our fHEtiE THE may: a/u..

 

 
 
  

 

 

