‘I ASPECTS

) v“

" 7 Perspectives

 

 

APRIL 6. i984

 

 

  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

\ Flashback

i
Oh. lrenrenrber - .
(see? look of my scar)
the way that summer never ended
[and we hid behind
the Diner
eating broken lll.'l"s we tried
to decide I
i/ the pool looked inviting
or the dustgrt'usu o/ the railroad
and when
we chose the trucks
we climbed up the signal tou'er
(I thought li'l‘l'll lull. the
ladder was so sir-up)
and loolrcd around the world. came
down to pitch old

beer cans at the Sft't'l ‘
laughing
until a tin snag caught my skin
laughing
until the blood sirzk'tl on the ties us we ran
[inully

laughing. (1 little. through the tears

as nry mother whispered.

my tvlrr'te~lmrrdrrged hand behind

her bark. trying to htig. '
()h. I rcnrcnrbua.

Mary Beth Aniano

    
   
 

 

 

 

 

presents
In Action

 

   
  
 

//
/

I t! - wprl
glow try burnished anthers
“as/zeal: between

 ih

\ .

vote Geometries

is the color of street lights

l
snow enrobed horizontal bars

ale 1‘ e escape.
listen rig to the hum pierce pulse
[no sound.

/' ur fer the street light
/ I {rinly ueiled fragments
b 1/ of crystal cobwebs undulati-

i listen.

expecting to hear a symphony
of clinkle tin spear crunch.

but the snow defies uiindbreatlr
ruining nry priuntc geometries.

this

is to be deal. ~i think-

as headlights stream out

like fangs in the night

drawing pitch black blood
beneath the droning tracks

0/ a lone dusted car

rnu/Iling its way through the night.

michelle /. krel

  

l

 

 

BRUCE LEE

“THE CHINESE.

“CONNECTION”

Monday, April 9 at 7 and 10 pm in L0 7

’- Price - $1 wltax sticker; $1.50 wlo tax sticker
SA FUNDED

 

APRIL 6. Wild

 

 

erle white lights contrasting sharply
with the sillouetted band members.
the dramatic effect was well worth

the hour and forty five tliltiltlu wait for John
(,‘migar Mellencarnp,

Dee Prentiss

 

Standing room only had made the gym
stifltngly hot. and after suffering through a
poor attempt at rockabilly from the warm-up
hand. Dan Ross alrd thtI Brunettes. thr-
crowd was more than receptive as Mullen-
rrarnp casually strolled onto the stage to com-
ph'it.’ his seven member band

The effect was astounding. with a very
plain but classy black and white stage with all
of the band members dressed similarly.
(,‘ougar’s stage presence was electrifying .
and his endless supply of energy prompted
overwhelming crowd participation.

Melluncanrp did not reach back much far~
the! than NHE's Annuir'nn Fool for his
choice of songs. except for one older hit. “I
Need /\ Lover " Mellenr‘amp received fan»
tastic crowd reaction frolrr "I Need /\ Lover."
“The Authority Song." and “Hurt So
Good." The song wiricir elicited the greatest
crowd response was predictably "Pink
Houses." which he played immediately
proceeding a live minute break. Mullen-
camp. originally from Bloornington lndiana.

I‘ ‘ .

 

,.

  

,r

 

 
      
 
     
     
 
      
       
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 
 

 

 
 

merging from the watery depths of
everyday teenage exploitation films
comes Splash, a romantic comedy with
an unusual twist. as a young bachelor unwit-
tingly falls in love with a mermaid.

Jodi Jacobs

So what's so fishy about a blonde beauty
walking nude through a crowd of tourists?
Picking up English In a single afternoon?
Eating lobster lock. stock. and shell? Or having
a pair of legs that turn to fins under water? it's
natural for mermaids like Madison — but what
about the man who falls in love with her? Such
is the storyline of Splash, a comedy about the
trials and tribulations of wet love.

Tom Hanks stars as Allen Bauer. a suc‘
cessful businessman. Distressed after his live—
in girlfriend leaves him. Allen flees to Cape
Cod, where he feels he can think more clearly.
and feel closer to something. although he’s not
sure what. Relaxation and self-analysts seem
to be the least of his worries after a boating ac-
cident renders him unconcious and he is flung
into the water. He finds himself upon the
shore. with a beautiful blonde standing over
him who leaves him with a single kiss and then
plunges into the water.

 

Daryl Hannah portrays the beautiful
Madison, a mermaid from Cape Cod who
comes to New York in search of Allen. the
man with a knack for falling out of boats and
who Just happened to lose his wallet some
20,000 leagues under the sea. Hannah im-
perlis her life to visit Manhattan and during a
six-day paradise spent together. she and Allen
learn about life and loving.

John Candy plays Freddie Bauer. Allen‘s
girl-crazy bachelor brother. He provides Allen
with some advice on the boundaries of love
and those special times when its limits should

  

be pushed a little further.

Eugene Levy co-stars as Waiter Kornbluth.’

an embittered scientist searching to prove the
existence of mermaids. and this mermaid in
particular. Deviously scheming to capture the
mythological beauty. Kornbluth's antics and
hard luck are the cause of many enioyable
laughs.

The roles in Splash. couldn't have been bet-
ter cast. The refreshing talent and energy that
Tom Hanks and Daryl Hannah bring to the
screen. as well as the comic flair of John Can~
dy. shine brightly.

The men behind the scenes are to be

fSOund’and Vision

Ain’t That John Cougar. “Uh—huh ‘

 

introduced the song with a heartfelt dedica~
lion to the common man. specifically to the
unemployed steel workers. which elicited a
strong positive reaction front the audience

Before breaking. Mellcncarnp promised a
twenty minute encore which t‘oltsisletl of six
more songs. all of which exploded with
energy as if they were his first six llr.’ opened
after the break with the only slow song of the
concert. "Golden Gates." off the Ulr-lluh
album chllenranrp included four of live
other songs from this albnrn in the concert.)
He ended the concert. again predictably.
Willi “Hurt Si) (‘ililltl "

Mellencanrp was everything his fans ex-
pected and more. liven his detractors have
to admit that Muilcncamp was .r pleasant sur’
prise. He is a first rate performer who puts on
an impressive concert llis show was well
planned. as illustrated by it's complete
organization l'hr- style and class displayed

by Mellencamp made his show a worthwhile

experience.

   
   

‘credlted also. Their experience and talents in
production, construction. and photography
.were extraordinary. Much of the filming was
done on location in New York City. and all the
underwater shots were filmed In the Bahamas.
Special mention should be made to the
nautical. coordinators. the mermaid design
‘and construction and to the underwater
photographers for making this fairy tale story
come alive.

. Enjoyable and refreshing, I‘SPLASH" is a
not so fishy ﬂick. with a cast of dynamic per-
formers, a talented production crew and a
magical touch that may make you wonder.

 

  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

   

 

C O O O O .
rtttcmng .
C O O O
r1t1c15m
That's lti i‘ve had it with the petty
criticism of the art of criticism. i’d
like you to go out. see a movie.

and explore it for all it's worth. Sounds
easy. right? Wrong.

 

Ian Spelling

First. you must actually sit through the
film. good or bad. You must deal with the
Idiot behind you chucking popcorn. the tall
woman in front of you. and the man to
your right who won‘t shut up.
Simultaneously. you attempt to absorb
something from the Images projected on
the screen. in your hand you hold a note
pad in which you scribble a plot outline.
thoughts. and good quotes for future
lrefercnce. These items squirm Into the
rought draft of an article whichanay or may
not find its way trrto the pages of Aspects

 

Before anyone at the ASP looks at your
article you must first write it. Writing creates
several problems. "Am I an ASPIe or a stu-
dent?" Screw English 100. Hi work on it
later." Can't disappoint my editor.

Resource dullness. Pull out the notes.
put them in a semblance of order. allow
words and sentences to flow off the tip of
your pen. "Son of a . . . that doesn't
sound right." Grab the thesaurus off the
rack. Look up a better word. "Damn. how
do you spell that?" Borrow someone's dic-
tionary. “O.K.. there it Is." Sigh.

Done! Thank God. Wrong. Proofread.
Self‘edit. Did you get your Intended .point
across? Do you even believe half of what
you wrote? What about your readers.
you're not Rex Reed (thankfully). not Vin-
cent Canby. and not Gene Shaiit. You're
writing for a college paper. Eighteen to
twenty-two year-olds comprise your
general audience. Do you therefore adapt
your opinions to a more mature level? Or
do you write. as your place in time and
space dictates. what you believe?

Type it up. Don't forget to double space.
White-out the errors. continue changing
anything that sounds improper. Staple the
three or four pages together. Read it over
again. i know. you're sick of looking at the
masterpiece over and over. Hard work.
More corrections.

Think you are done once again. Well.
guess again. Give it to someone whose
reading ability and common sense you
respect (thanks. Laura) and let him or her
spout constructive criticism. Maybe she is
correct. Re-edit.

Finally you possess a paper about as
wonderful as it will ever be. Tratpse up to
the ASP office on the third floor. Hand it
over to. the editor and pray. Editorial
perogative rears Its ugly head. Changes are
made on lines you thought perfect. Grudg-
lngly. you admit that some of the changes
spiced up a dull sentence.

Tuesday. Friday. no matter. A smile
rages across your face as you acquire
enough copies to form a personal library.
Sit down. Read. Catch typos. changes. ad-
ditions. Bitch. moan. smile — it's all your
doing. "Darn. the one thing they should
have changed they left in!" Oh well. Return
to your suite. listen to the brilliant analysts
of your friends. they are generally the most
harsh. Use it next time. Send a copy to
Mom on the island.

Now prepare to defend your work and
yourself. "How could you actually like
Police Academy? Rex Reed hated it.
Newsday trounced it. and fan Spelling en<
toyed it." 'Why?.' you ask. Sure. none of
the major veteran critics favorably reviewed
If; it is a youth marketed motion picture.
lan Spelling is nineteen. He ts.wrtting for a
University-wide. student paper. Obviously
he's biased. Come on. the film is playing
on two screens at the Hellman Theater.
Why? When situated by a college and run-
ning a college—crowd type film the bucks
shall roiieth in. .

50 think before you criticize anybody's
work. Being critical is easy: liking
something is difficult. No one. however.
asks you to agree. Only ,to think and con-

islder. Think. E] '

 

 

 

 

 

