 

 

 

 

 

 

' ' or the ﬁrst time in aycollegiate generation -- four.

; _ years — a sit-in against the administration has taken

. place on campus. Last Friday's protest to save the
Humanities Lounge proved.that real student activism can
work. and that it is sorely'missedthe're at SUNYA.

There are fundamentally two ways of confronting the
university administration in the battle for student rights -—
activism and bureaucracy. Whether it be too much worrying
about grades and jobs. student "apathy" or lack of leader-
ship and organization, the act His! approach has been ignored
in favor of the bureaucratic. ‘ -

Activism involves educating and organizing students on a
grassroots level. It means active» demonstrations of support.
such as sit-ins. rallies and marches. it means a spirit that says
hat we as students — each and every one of us — are part of
he greater struggle for student rights: that we have unity and
power and are a force to be reckoned with; and that we are
not just going to accept whatever is handed down to us from
the hierarchy. .

The bureaucratic approach involves dealing with the ad-

 

ministration on a regular and professional basis. it means at-

'tendlng meetings. writing memos. making phone calls and

the like. it means working with the people in power on their
level; lighting within their system for students rights. It
means getting a 'great deal accomplished by avoiding ex-
plosive contact. ‘ .

Both these approaches to student advocacy have their
place. Or should have.

The Humanities Lounge protest was born from the hearts
and minds ofa few students who refused to sit by and witness
injustice. if they had not taken it upon themselves to see the

lounge preserved as the unique Student meeting place it used-

to be, that could have been the last we ever heard or saw of
HU 354. .

When the activist Student Union disappeared off this cam-
pus several years ago, we were left only with Stttdent
Association to serve our needs. But SA cannot fulfill this ac-
tivist role. It is essentially an administrative body itself.
overseeing approximately 90 student groups and an annual
budget of nearly $1 million. its officers must constantly res-
pond to the actions and decisions of the administration.
There is little room in this set up for true student nctivism.

   

Within SA. the Student Action Committee is the only hope
for grassroots organizing and political leadership to keep stu-
dent activism alive. SAC is not evenrfunded. Thankfully,
with dedicated people like Chair Steve Gawley. it has made
the most out of this nothing.

But much more than this is needed. Student activism
should be on the top of somebody's list.

What grassroots involvement and active participation do is
to make the administration aware that there is pressure for
change. and that it must be answered. In this latest ease. the
protest consisted of several petitions and a non-explosive sit—
in. it made Dean Wallace-feel the pressure from Students on
the issue. and it resulted in initiating a dialogue and paving
the way for a solution. it simply opened up an entirely new
avenue to solving issues oi‘studcnt rights with the administra-
tion.

The Humanities Lounge protest was a small example of
the possibilities of renewed student activism on this campus.
We could see a lot more accomplished if tltcse possibilities
became realities. We would feel tnuch more strongly about
the university, and ntuch better about ottr place within it:

The Humanities Lounge protest should be an example. not
an exception. Let's not wait until the next leap year to do it
again. it

 

 

 

 

COLUMN

Reagan and civil rights

It is unfortunate for all individuals concerned. when kncc-
jerk criticism and political posturing cloud and suffooate
valid consuuctive analyses. The epitome of this is the left
wing's constant condemnation of Reagan policies. actions,
and anything else directly or indirectly associated with the
President.

l EdWard Reines

it must be pointed out that there are many Reagan related
decisions which must be questioned-and reacted to. A recent
case of this is the fiscal impropriciies of Presidential ap-
pointee Edwin Meese. Commentary on defenseless Presiden-
tial actions like these are only convoluted by the many
groundless accusations that are thrown around.

A prime example of misdirected energies are the attacks on
Reagan’s selection of members of the Civil Rights Commi-
sion. These baseless criticisms can be handled on two levels.
Firstly. it is indisputable that legal precedent has been set for
Reagan’s action. Secondly, that ﬁxed quotes are. by deﬁni-
tion. in violation of law and the duties of the Civil Rights
Commision.

A quick look at the make up of the commission shows it
was designed to be balanced. Their are 8 members that must
be balanced by party affiliation. The Congress appoints 4
and the President appoints 4. After establishement in l957. it
was assumed that the Presidential appointees should hand in
their resignations as most if not all do. This was done by
commission members for Kennedy. Johnson. and Nixon. in-
tcrcstingly. a leading critic of Reagan's appointments is a
former Commission member who was appointed under these
very same circumstances. To answer the charge that Reagan

 

stacked the Commission with anti-equal rights members. one
only needs to lodk at these members. There is only one
Republican among the Reagan selections. Each and every
designee is eminently qualified. All strongly support all equal
rights provisions and generally are in favor of outreach and
training programs. These upstanding citizens are being
slandercd because they believe everyone should be judged on
their own personal merits rather then by what designated
status they are assigned

If we are to stamp out the mentality of discrimination we
must not pcrpctuatc it; the government must not condone it.
There are many things that can be done to eradicate it from
society: more intensive enforcement of job discrimination.
equal pay for equal work provisions. Outreach programs can
be effective to help recruit under represented groups. Train-
ing of disadvantaged youths can help improve their chances.
There are many constructive and innovative programs that
can be devised. it is in the good hands of hard working pro-
fessionals to improve this situation.

What i can more clearly outline are some of the methods
we must avoid. A frequently used system is that of fixed
quotas. This is done by writing up two or more seperatc lists
of which the top people are then selected according to the fix-
ed quota. The case of Allan Bakke resulted in the gross in-
justice of him not getting into a medical school (UC at Davis)
while otherdistinctlyless qualified candidates are now eligible
to become doctors. Fortunately, the Supreme Court. stacked
by somebody, ruled against this violation of Bakke's equal
rights. ltis in the best interests of civil rights advocates not to
alienate a whole new class of people who are discriminated
against for being members of the majority or an unrecogniz-
ed minority.

Another method that only further institutionalizes
discrimination is the use of an unqttantifiuble special con-

sideration. Stated more simply. if two people are close for it ,

position. the minority is chosen. More dangerous is a system
of adding points together in which ntinority status gives you
points. The hypocrisy of these policies are self-evident.

A vivid illustralon of the health hazards that evolve from
overzealous. misguided attempts at restructuring hiring prac-
tices is the case of the New York Fire Department. The
department accepted applications from women. After the

physical test was given. no women had qualified. Wontcn'x'

groups filed suit because New York didn't hire any of the
technically unqualiﬁed female candidates. The court ruled
that the test standards had to be attended so that women
would qualify. The weight that they had to carry was lowered
from roughly 175 to approximately l30. Personally. i weigh
about 150 and the thought of someone male. female. green
or blue not being able to carry me because the standards were
lowered is not pleasant. in fact i can think of no greater inva-
sion of my rights. _

The purpose of this column is to remind people that when
someone tells you Reagan has stacked the Civil Rights Com-
mission and brought us back 20 years. you‘re being deceived.
Why must we hate the opposition to the point of concluding
error and then examining the facts? Constructive criticism is
the key to a successful democracy. The dilution of criticism
with propaganda and hatred only serves to inflame partisan-
ship. lt also deteriorates the credibility and respect of those
who make informative justifiable criticism.

 

The author is editorial pages editor of The ASP.

 

WiTH L955 THaN I“; 0F Tue VoTe COUNTeD
iN new HaMPéHtRe, 1W5 NETWORK PRoJecrg
WaLTeR MONDaLe To wm lite Marne PRtMaRY,
WITH HaRT TaKiNG WYoMiNG, GLGNN DRoppiNG
OUT aFTeR Tile 500THERN PRimaRte5,aNp
MONDaLe WiNNiNG Tue NOMiNalioN Bur
LOSING 'lb RoNaLD Reaeau t‘N yoveMBeR.

SFEiN '3? cas

ROCKY Mm.
NEUé-NEII

 

 

  

 

 

I aLwaYS
L05T aT
MONoPoLY,
Too, BUT
aT LeaST I
Knew Tue
RUL85.

 

 

 

 

 

 

LETTERS

Irish dignity
To the Editor: '

Having only briefly perused the Friday l6 March Aspects!
was ﬁlled with hope that it would contain several articles
worth reading about the lrish in America, the “troubles” in
the north, etc.

Several days later, having performed the required rituals of
work and cramming for midterms. etc.. l had a chance to
look closer. and must admit. i did not like what i saw.

The title page had what l thought was the best “cover
photo" on an Aspects since i saw my first ASP three years
ago. That was the only good impression that l was left with
when l was done. -

Mr. Keenan does a credible job relating his massive
knowledge of lrish folklore only to ruin it by stereotyping his
fellow lrishmen in the same role he is so proud to play-
drunken buffoon.

Mr. O'Suilivan opens his article up with a somewhat con-
clusive title.leaving no doubt as to the fact that to him the
IRA is a group to be only described with negative connota-
tions. The negative attitude is understandable but there is
much that was left unsaid that would have made the
“moral” more cvcnhanded. i.c.: explaining the role in the
situation that the “Civil Authorities” have played and how
the New lreland Forum is doomed to failure (due to the root
causes of the situation only being reinforced by the treatment
of the Catholic Minority by tltcse civil authorities and oc-
cupation troops.)

The couple of Collccns stories were quaint. but as the
Wendy's commercial puts it so well. “Where's the beef?"
l’m disappointed that something more meaningful couldn‘t

 

. aspect-S

Established In 1518
David L.i.. Lalkln. Editor in Ctr/o!
Jerry Camplonc. Patricia Mitchell. Managlng Editors

News Editors . . . . . . . . ..
Auoelatl
Ashen Editor . .

  
   

. . ohn Keenan
ephen Marks
.. Jonas Nachaln
.... Tom Kacandea
Marc Barman, Keith Murder

 
 
  
  
 
    
 
  
  

 

Alloclato Sport d . . . . . . . . . Dean Chang
SPORTS Magazine Editor .. .Marc Schwarz

I Editor . . . . . . . . . . . Edward Rolnoa

Copy Editors . . . . . . . .. Knlly Grover. Annette Perot

Photography Edlior . Maruaolch
Contributing Editors: Dean Betz. Bob Gardlnlor. Mark Gesnar. Debbie Judge.
Mark Levine. Gail Marroll. Wayne Peereboom. Holly Preatl. Anthony Sllbor.
Lisa Strain, Editorial Aullllnll: tan Clements. Joe Fuaeo. stall writan:
Allaon Brown. Steve Bryson. Michelle Bustier. Joanne Canavan. Allcla ctrn-
bard, Kevin Clarke, Betta Dramba. Ronald Brant Garsien. Adam Goodman.
Ban Gordon. Bob Hanlon, Robert Hayes. Eric Hindin. Norma Kee. Michelle
Kroli. Alice McDarmoti. Caryn Mlska. Suzanna Murphy. John Parker. Maddy
Fascuccl. Christina Retialt. Joe Romano. David Sinner. Michael Skolnick.
Alan Somkln. Ian Spelling. Rick Swanson. Megan Gray Taylor. Perry Tlachler.
Keith Van Allen. tIone Woinstatn. Donn Wolss. Mark Wllaard. John Willmott.
Spoclrum Editorlz Ellan Fitzgerald. Flinn Young. intimidation Editor: L. Louisa
Strain

 

Judy Torol. Business Manager
Lynn Saravia. Associate Business Manager
Jana lelch. Rhonda Woll.Adverlls/ng Managers
Mike Krolmor. Sales Manager

Billing Accountant: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Randao Echat
Payrolisupurvlaor .  Gay Parosa
Claullled Manager .. .Joanna Hamilton
Composition Manager . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Malk Catalano
Advortlllng Sales: David Daniels. Rich Golden. Susan Kloln. Stove Lolber~
man. Mark Suasmnn. Advertising Production: Loo Erickson. Debra Freeman.
Elalno Frieder. Joanne Gltbarg. Julie Mark. Ellyn Muto, Sharon Okun. Lynne
Sleuel. Chatolette Shubo. Elton Wlsaman. Ottlca stall: Christina Binahl. Ltn-
da Delgado. Mar|orlu Roaonthal

 

Sun Pachlnuky. Production Manager
George Talia. Associate Production Manager

Chlol Typeuttar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Lnncey Hoytnan
Paolo-up: Ellonn Koollo. Susan Kent. Susanna Jacoby. Dob Stakl. Typllis:
Jlm Cnpozzola. Cheryl Kaplan. Nancy Killian. Phyllis Lalkowltz. Rona Lowenl
braun. Chlulloun: Jerry Catnplono. Erlc Dori. Stovun Mpnkotl

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Service. a student
grou .

Chlol Photographer: Ed MntusslchUPS Stall: Amy Cohen. Shorty Leo Cohan,
Lynn Drolius. Cindy Oalwny. Adam Ginsburg. Kenny Kirsch. Rachel Lllwln.
Robert Luckoy. Lola Mnttubonl. Susan Elaine Mtndlch. Jon Schwundnar. Lisa
Slmmonc. Robert Soucy. Erica Spelnel. Wnrron Smut. Dave Sltlck. James
Valentino.

Entire contents copyright v 1984 Albany Siudlnl Fran Corporation. all
righll rulntod.

The Albany Stutiont Prnaa In published Tuesdays and Fridays between
August and Juno by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an lndopandonl
not-lor-proltt corporation.

Editorials are written by the Editor in Chtnt with members oi the Edltortat
Board; policy is aubloot Io ravluw by the Editorial Board. Columns are written
by members of the university community and do not necessarily represent
Ddltorlal policy. Anvnrtlalnp policy does not noceonarlly tallest editorial
policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. Go 320
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NV 12222
(616) 457'88920322/3389

 

 

 

 

have been found.

As for Mr. Fusco’s article. Messr. Reo and Shanley have
already said it better than i could.

The Mari Behind the Beer is the only article worthy of in-
clusion in this Aspects covering "the Celebration of lrish
Culture."

This St. Patrick's Day is now almost already a week past.
Now for some constructive criticism. if nothing better can be
developed for the next obvservance by the staff's own
resources then turn to some of the ﬁne resources here on
campus: Dr. Ellinwood and Dr. Dumblet'on for a start. if
that's not racy enough for Aspects then i implore you to
resist the impulse to indulge in needless reinforcement of
stereotypes. Anyone interested in caricatures of the lrish as
an inferior race need only ask Princess Margaret her opinion
of the lrish or take “Apes and Angels" out of the library.
Give the lrish the same dignity granted other groups.

-—Kevln M. Connors

Appropriate actions
To the Editor:

This letter is in response to the letter to the editor (March
23) “Stop the Contradictions." Jon Willmott‘s attack on
RZA’s use of the phrase “Never again" in response to
Auschwitz is without proper cause. He should take a good
look at what RZAagar stands for. It is a Jewish Zionist ac-
tivist group which professes to be no more than that. One
will find RZAagar is involved with anything that is relevent
to Judaism and Zionism.

Mr. Willmott made mention of tltc atrocities of todtty in
Cambodia. El Salvador and lrtm. Tltcrc is no minimizing the
mass tnurdcrs of thousands of people. However. no group
has been singled out for persecution and extermination like
the 6.000.000 Jews in Nazi controlled Europe, not even the
peoples of Cambodia and El Salvador. Today, there are
3.000.000 Jews trapped and bcittg persecuted in Russia:

RZAagar pcrforms many functions; one of which is
creating awareness on campus of the problems afﬂicting
.lcws throughout the world today. To shout “Never again!“
at a rally for Soviet .lcwt'y is absolutely appropriate! llcforc
questioning why at Jewish Zionist Activist group is not out
rallying for Cambodians or Sulvndorans. Jon Willtnott
should be questioning why human rights :tcitivists at'cn’l
rallying for the human rights of all peoples» inclttdittg Jews.

Now who is contradicting whom? Why doesn‘t .lon
Willmott address the real contradictions?

—Luurcn Burstin

The time is now

To the Editor:

in 1984. students can make a difference! 0n the national
level. what have we gotten since l980? Tougher regulations
on receiving less financial aid. the Soloman Amendment, at-
tempts to pass an anti-abortion amendment. as well as a
whole host of Other difficulties. 0n the state and local level.
we have had tuition increases and difficulty in registering to
vote in our school community. How much more will we put
up with?

On Tuesday. April 3. l984, the election polls will once
again be open. Let us not make anymore foolish mistakes. if
you are eligible to vote in the New York State primaries.
please go out and do so. Let the student voice be heard. if
you have rtot yet picked up any literature from the Campus
Center tables manned by the Young Democrats. call the cam-
pus coordinators for Hurt. Jackson and Mondale.
Remember. an educated vote is the best vote. if you are not
sure where to vote. call the Student Association office. or
check with the Albany County Board of Elections.

in November 1983. the SUNYA population was put to
slutmc with our regretfully low voter turnout. On April 3.
1984. let’s make u cotttcbttck and prove our strength and con-
cern. The Titnc is Now... DON'T FORGET TO VOTE!!!

—~l‘tttly Sulkln
Albany Stale Young College Democrats. President

Good news

To the Editor:

Most of the ASP‘s letters involve someone lashing out
about someone else's action or student related injustices.
This letter is not concerned with either topic. it is a letter
regarding an unselfish man and how he leads his life. it is
meant to show that there still are good, honest. hard-working
people left in this world.

it is common for off-campus students to gripc about their
lttndlords. Some students do not even see their landlord once
the lease is signed and only know that the landlord expects to
receive a check by the first of the month. Only if payment is
not received on time. will the landlord gel to "know" tltc
tenants. Landlords httvc always had the reputation of doing
as little as possible for strident tenants. It is not uncomtnon
for problems or repairs to go unresolved for days or weeks.

Fortunately. not all landlords are alike. Ottr landlord.
Smitty. owns two student ltottscs ill the Mttnning lioulcvnrtl
arch. The residents in thc neighborhood have been reluctant
to accept us as neighbors because we are college students.
They are afraid that since ottr parents are not here to take
cure of us that it is their responsibility to see that nothing
goes wrong. We have had a few run-ins with the Albany
police department and the city of Albany housing depart-
ment. Although we believe these problems to be " ' g

  

 
 
  
 

 

Boulevard residents’ attempt to oust students from their_

street. our landlord has stood ﬁrmly behind’us and his made
it perfectly clear that we are here to stay. No one is going to
push him around.

But what. if anything. can he gain from renting to
students? He could have very easily backed down and rented
both houses to “normal people.” He probably could have
made more money by doing so. ' ‘

l'll tell you why he puts up with it: to us. Smitty is a close
friend. not some hungry landlord looking to make an easy
buck. Between the two houses. every single one of us respects
him for taking the time out to see how we are doing.

in this fast-moving world that we live in. it is very easy to
do only what is required of us. Smitty does not take this at-
titude and has done countless favors for us. Recently when
we needed a new dining room table. he gave us one. This is
only one of the many favors he has done for us.

He tries to stop over everyday and see how everyone is do-
ing. if we do not see him for a couple days, we always ask
him what he has been up to and how come he has not been
over lately. Some days he only stops over for a few minutes.
others a few hours. He is never in any rush to conduct his
own affairs and places a 'much higher value on our friend-
ships. For this. we are extremely thankful and feel that this
thoughtfulness should not go unnoticed.

—Pcler A. Halter

Student patrol

To the Editor:

Being a current SUNYA Sludcill and a member of the Stu-
dent Patrol for quite sonte time. l'm sure you can understand
my dismay and concern about the front page article you ran
on Tuesday. March 20. 1984. At the offset. l'd like to make
it clear that l’m not attacking NYPlRG or the “Don't Walk
Alone" program. but rather the fact that students ﬁnd
themselves I- I h.- or I Student Patrol per.
sonnel.  '. V

During .m'm encountered varying
attitudes and _ will our organization. While
my experiences may “I I unity tabulated or veriﬁed as a
survey. 1 do believe t!!! I! just an unbiased or biased.
whatever the case may be.

As i walk the many halls and corridors of our campus.
with my bright yellow jacket on. l've watched students
snicker and chuckle under their breath. some have even made
a few humorous comments about my appearance. but never
has one turned and run in fear of my presence. Perhaps tltc
biggeSI problem the Patrol faces is the lack of understanding
about who we are and what we do.

The Student Patrol is funded through the College Work
Study Program. There is no formal screening process to
work on the Patrol. but all members are interviewed by John
Hayner. who is currently in charge of the Patrol. During the
interview you learn just what your responsibilities are. and
the Patrol learns about you. A list" 31" stringent rules is
established and violation of these policies will lead to im-
meditate dismissal and other related charges. No screening
process is perfect. bttt the Patrol has yet to be forced to
dismiss a member for poor conduct or violation of any rule.

As for the patrolmcn themselves. we’ve kidded each other
about the bright yellow jacket we are forced to wear. but we
wear them because they serve a purpose. We are there to be
visible. When we do an escort. or any of our other functions.
we display a limited sense of security. As we walk a person
through the night. monitor the movie lines or patrol a quad
pttrty. tltc jacket ttcts as visible deterrent. We take it lot of
ribbing about it, but we do it bccause it‘s our job.

Each student patrol worker carries a two-way radio with
them. The radio connects them with the University Police itt
an instant. The patrol member is one of the fastest conncc-
tions between you and help. All patrol membch are required
to inform the U.l’.D. dispatcher where they will be for the
cvcnittg. They are also required to respond to a radio check
once every half hour to insure tltc proper functioning of their
radio.

Finally. all patrol members carry an identification card.
This card contains their name and photograph. The
putroluutn is required to show you this card upon your re-
quest. if you are not satisfied with their conduct. or unsure if
it‘s rcttlly a patrolman. ask to see the card. then contact John
Hayncr or the U.P.D. with your complaint.

lu'listcning to the students. l've found their most common
questions about the ptttrol are. “Wlutt is the Student
l‘tttt'ol'i”. “What do they tlo?". “When did it . t'.’“.
We‘ve been here u long time and while our jackets are quite
\‘isiblc. pcoplc often don‘t we us. I believe it‘s time \\c ttttulc
our presence better known. bttt \vc ttccd your help. We can
be found on the podium and it“ five quttds Wednesday
through Saturday nights. So when yott sue the yellow jttckct,
ask for the escort, When you scc us in the halls . don‘t
snicker. but take comfort lit the fact that we are there. We‘re
\ltttlclllx. Iikc yott. trying to make it ttntl ltclp somcottc ttlong
tltc \\'u)‘. i hope with this better understanding of llx you'll
\ic\\ the Patrol us ttn :mct unit not \Ulllk'lhillg to he tctttctl.

-—Steven .lttlly

 

 

‘ The ASP is looking for in few good writers.

Submit your columns of 750 words to Ed
itt CC329. Please irtclude’ttattte and phone
ll. "tber.

 

     
  
   
     
    
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
 
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
     
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
    
   
   
    

... K, .t

,c. u. z, emawwn

   
     
       
          
     
      
        
       
 

 
 

