   
  

 

 

 

 

Dane wrestler injured in finals;
wins match by disqualification

By Marc Barman '
DImR

ASSOCIATE Wk” 5

Bingharnlan

Rule 1 Section 8:"0‘ a contestant ls injured by any illegal action to the
extent that he is unable to continue/allowing a maximum of two minutes
ml, the match shall be defaulted lo the injured contestant. “

Dave Averill never heard the
public address announcer proclaim
him the 126-pound NCAA Division
ill champion, the ﬁrst title for an
Albany State wrestler in 17 years.
Averill was lying on the mat. ﬂat on
his back. in a semiconscious state.
and surrounded by a flock of
athletic trainers.

Minutes before. Trenton State‘s
Orlando Caseres. leading 9-4 with
22 seconds remaining in the ﬁnals
of the l26-pound division, lifted
Averill off the mat in a ﬁreman’s
carry and unintentionally dropped
the Albany State wrestler on his
head. in what can be termed as an
‘illegal slam'.

For minutes, the Danes three-
timc All-American, who fought so
bravely in advancing to the ﬁnals of
this NCAA Tournament, lay on the
mat. practically motionless. while
the trainers worked on him. Albany
State coach Joe DeMco had already
walked over to Trenton State’s
coach Dave icenhower and told him
that if Averill so much as stood up,
he would wrestle for one second
and forfeit to Caseres.

But Averill did not get up. At
ﬁrst, there was no feeling in his
right arm except for a tingling in his
ﬁngertips. His head was aching
severely. and there was pain in his
neck and shoulder. The worst was
speculated of what later turned out
to be a mild concussion. Averill was
carried off the mat to an examining
room in the Binghamton gym. Talk
outside the room was about how
Averill had slipped on ice in
eleventh grade and suffered a three.
inch crack in his skull.

While he was on the mat. the an—

1984 NCAA Wrestling Rule Book

nounccmcnt was made that Averill
was the 126—pound NCAA cham-
pion by disqualification in accor4
dance with Rule 7 Section 8. The
rule essentially states that if a
wrestler is injured by an illegal
move and can't continue. the in-
jured wrestler is awarded the
match. in this case, it was the Na-
tional Championship.

“i don’t want to win this way."
Averill repeatedly said while he was
being transported to Wilson
Hospital in downtown Bingham-
ton.

Meanwhile, Averill’s condition
was gradually improving upon entry
to the hospital. His headache was
still very severe. but the feeling in
his right arm was back and he was
able to squeeze close to full
strength;

A complete set of x-rays as well a
cat-scan were taken. all coming up
negative.

A collective sigh of relief was
breathed in the Binghamton Gym
when it was announced that
Averill's condition was “good” and
that he was released from the
hospital.

According to Albany State Assis-
tant Trainer Bob Coughlin. Ayerill
had suffered a mild concussion.

There was still some controversy
brewing in the gym on whether
Averill should've been awarded the
match. Trenton coach Dave
lconhower expressed concern for
Averill. but wasn't pleased with the
decision that disqualified his
wrestler.

"There was no control by either
wrestler," he claimed. “Orlando;

 

'. a ifday _
Averill is NCAA Champio

FEBR UAR Y 28. 1984 1

UPS

Dave Averill became the that wrestler In 17 years to win a NCAA title. Averill won by disqualification
when he was thrown Illegally and could not continue.

didn’t throw him down. the kid
(Averill) slipped off. it's the
referee’s fault because he should've
blown the whistle when Averill was
in the air like that."

He continued. “i feel bad for
everyone in this case. i feel bad for
the kid (Averill) because he got
hurt. i hope he’s okay. i also feel
bad for Orlando because he was the
better wrestler and he should be
champion."

Responded DeMeo: “i think‘
Orlando is a great wrestler but it's
in the rules. When you lift someone
off the mat it’s the wrcsder’s
responsibility to return him safely.
if Averill would've been able to
stand up i would've had him wrestle
for one second and then forfeit.

DeMeo continued:“l’m sure it
was an unintentional move. i think
Trenton’s coach is one of the
classiest coaches here. I don’t care
about the national championship
now. i jusr want my boy to be
okay." -

Whether the decision is changed
after the NCAA ofﬁcials view the
bout on videotape is uncertain as of
this writing. One thing is certain
however; Averill will not compete
in the Division 1 NCAA Tourna-

 

The Albany State men's and
women's basketball teams have
both received bids in the upcom-
ing ECAC upstate New York
basketball tournaments.

The men will travel to Bingham-
ton Wednesday night to take on
the Colonials. This will be the
third meeting between the two
teams. The earlier two meetings
were split with Albany winning
the ﬁrst meeting at Binghamton
and the Colonials winning the
rematch at ‘University Gym

in the earlier meeting at
Binghamton it was make noise
night and the Colonials had their
biggest crowd of the season. There
is an equally large audience ex-
pected tomorrow night as this is
Dinghamton's ﬁrst playoff ap-
pearance ever.

Albany and Blnghamton both

 

took some time off after their last ‘

Wban y cagers receive ECAC bids

game. They both resumed practic-
ing yesterday when they heard the
news from the ECAC concerning
the tournament. -

The winner of Wednesday
night's game will head out to
Hamilton on Friday to play the
Continentals in the semi-ﬁnals.

it was the game against
Hamilton last Tuesday that enabl-
cd Albany to get into the ECAC's
“it’s nice to get into the tourna-
ment, " said Albany Head Coach
Dick Saucrs. “The Hamilton win
was a big win."

“l’m very happy. i thought it
(my career) was over." said Dane
Senior Co-Cuptztin Wilson
Thomas. "1 was hoping we could
go to the ECAC."

As for the women, the ECACs
will be their ﬁrst crack at post-
season play. The teams they will
compete against are Nazareth,

Alfred and either Oneonta or
Elmira. according to Dane Head
Coach Mari Warner.

“We are excited about the whole
thing," said Warner. “There is a
possibility we may host it."

The site and time of the
women’s tournament will be
disclosed later this week.

Asked if her team would suffer

‘ill effects from a five day layoff
Warner said,"l was worried about
that until i saw tltc looks on their
faces."

HOOP-LA: Built the men‘s and
the women's SUNYACs were won
by Buffalo State...’l‘he other two
teams in the men's ECAC tourna-
ment are University of Rochester.

and Oneonta.
7 —-By Keith Manley

 

ment at the Meadowlands Complex
on March 8. even though he
automatically qualiﬁed for them
when he was named 126-pound
champion. Albany trainer Coughlin
says the concussion will put him out
for two weeks.

The NCAA tournament. which
got underway Friday with 233
wrestlers hailing from 70 schools,
saw Averill earn his third con-
secutive All-American honors in
methodical fashion on tltc first day
of the tournament.

Seeded sixth, Averill outpointed
Mike Dchlicc of Glassboro befort
pinning-number three seed Wayne
Anderson in the quarterfinals will
only 69 seconds into the match.

The next morning he was slated
to face number two seed Tim Har-
dy. who crushed Averill’s nemisis
Desmond Basnight in the earlier
round.

Averill woke up at 7AM, three
and a half hours before the match
on Saturday morning, with a case
of the nerves, causing him to throw
up. But his nervousness turned into
adrenalin as the Albany State cap—
tain stepped onto the mat to face his
opponent from White Water Col-
lege seeded second in the tourna-
ment.

And Averill wrestled the match
of his life. Midway through the ﬁrst
period. Averill had Hardy in deep
trouble. turning him over on his.
back with a Grcco-Roman move
called the double under. Keeping
that position for thirty seconds.
Averill. with a burst of strength,
turned him completely for the pin
1:13 into the match. and became
only the fourth Albany State
wrestler to ever reach the finals in
the NCAAs.

Averill had too much to over-
come in that final match against
Caseres. He was up against the
number one seed and a 1984 Olym-
pic hopeful. He also had to deal
with a boisterous Trenton State
rooting section, consisting of 150
students who trekked down to
Binghamton to root on their
wrestlers.

Spurred on by the constant
chants of “Orlando,” Caseres
started quickly by scoring a quick
two point takcdown in the opening‘

seconds. Averill was able to escape
20 seconds later to cut the margin to
2-1. Another Caseres takedown and
Averill escape put the score at 4-2
midway through the opening
period. The Trenton State superstar
upped the lead to 7-2 tvith a three
point turn in the waning moments
of the period.

in the second period Averill battl-
ed smartly shutting out his oppo-
nent while picking up one point
himself.

The match remained tigltt in the
third period with the score 9-4 with
a half a minute to play. Then “it”
happened. Casercs lifted the Averill
off the mat using a ﬁreman’s carry
as Averill's foot dangled on his
shoulders. What happened next will
always be debated. Whether
Cascres dropped him or if he slip-
ped off, the result was the same.
Averill landed flush on his head.

He was lying on the mat for 10
minutes while being attended to by
athletic trainers. A stretcher carried
him off to an examining room
before he was transported him to
Wilson hospital where examina-
tions brought the good news.

in the meantime, an awards
ceremony was taking place. The 126
pound first place trophy was ac-
cepted by Shawn Sheldon. a team-
mate and close friend of Averill.
The three-time All-American junior
was in the examining room at the
time. oblivious to the presentation.

See page 23 for more Albany

, State NCAA Wrestling results. C)

  

“ all!) ITAOKEL
I last want my boy to be okay."
acid Joe DoMoo.

 

 

 

 

March'2, 1984

NUMBER 9

 

 

Scale recalls radical activism of Black Panthers

 

Bobby Scale
Reaganonrics is "S/I'L'k, crude and covert. "

By Robert Gardinler
srarr wnrrsrr
A story teller. stand-up comic, and an aged
radical, Bobby Scale entertained a small
gathering at the Campus Center Tuesday
night with a fiery tale of the Black Panthers
and an update on his views and activities.
He has exchanged a gun for a suitcase and
has left the Black Panthers to history but his
excitable 605 radicalism is still there: echoes
of the past came through in Seale’s energetic,
fast.‘lalking, interspersed with “you dig" or
“you know where l'm coming from."
“Most kids today say. ‘Bobby Scale?

tWhal'S he a basketball player. a

musician?"'. he quippcd to the college crowd
less than half his age.

The black community cannot holtl on to
old values. he emphasized. "Black pcoplc-
you will nol survive if you do rtot change
your valucs to this fast paced socicty." he
warned. “The greatest disttnity itt tltc blttck
community is tltc rift bclwccrt turtles and
females," ltc said. and nddcd that tltc sexes
have to behave itt tr tttorc responsiblc :tnd cl'.
fcctivc tttttttttcr.

“Everyone has to pttt five to ten pcrcertt of

their time irtto progressive activities to im-
pt'mc society no rntttlcr if they're blttck.
white. green or polka dot," lit: sttitl witlt

rcpctttcd flourishes of his arms.

Touching on his pr'cscnt political ideals
Settle asked the crowd, “How come we as the
people cannot stcp lit and prevent lite fac-
torics and jobs front Icavirtg ottr cont-
munitics?” He stressed a need for

was‘enthrallcd as Scale rambled through the
history of his turbulent activism.

Amidst laughter of the crowd he rccitcd his
anti-draft poem that landed him in jail in the
W605. Mcnlioning Reagan he said, “I dealt
with him eight years before you got him. I
was incensed with him calling me a hoodlum
and a tltug. l was an architectrmusician. a
carpenter and a damned good cook'and he's
calling me a thug.” I in t . . 7 ,

Reaganornics, he said. is "slick. crttde and
covert. Much more covert than in the 19605.
it's very easy for people like us to sit on our
butts and let people like Ronald Reagan
make the rich richer." he said.

He commented that Reverend Jesse
Jackson's campaign is “profoundly signifi-
cant“ btrt added that ltc has little confidence
itt the national level of politics and stated that
the legislatures and the community are more
cl'l'cclivc areas of pollllCitlvthliVlly.

Wltctt asked about Jackson‘s falling ottt
witlt the Jewish Cmilliltlnil)‘ ltc said. "i think
the mttrt was very iiiOrill about it; he came out
and admitted it. Apologizing is the first step
to being at human being." ltc said.

Calling the Black Panthers tt “social evolu-
tionary ttccidcnt." ltc ttdtnitlcd that he was
“totally unpoliticttl" when ltc :trtd Htrcy
Newton first L‘lilCl‘ltllliL‘ti ideas of activism.
His first experience came when ltc and
Newton stttrtcd thc Soul Students Advisory
(‘ouncil at Merrill College irt California. he
said.

"We bccttmc caught up in ottr black
L‘lllllllL' ttntl sttw the need for it to bc express-

 

ERICA SPIEGEL UPS

“Econotttic control of the community" by
tltc people who live in it. But. be emphasized.
ltc docs not consider himself it socialist.

As co-l‘outtdcrofthc Black Panthers. Settle nccd for black powcr. According to Scale.
was called a "thug" by tltcn-govcrnor ol
California Ronald Reagan. and a national
security risk by .l. Edgar Hoover. The crowd

cd irt America at the time." he said.

The genesis of the l’tttttltcrs bcgnn when he
ind Newton. a law student, questioned the
' “We tried to define phenomena and then
make it out in tt described manner." a

>

Cuomo urges $1 1M in aid for part-time students

By Aileen Brown
STAFF WRITER

Part-time students in New York State could be eligible to
receive tuition grants and loans ttnder a new bill proposed by
Governor Mario Cuomo. An $11 million Tuition Awards for
Part Time Students program was introduced by Cuomo as
part of his 1984-1985 Executive Budget.

The program. which would provide assistance to financial-

ly disadvantaged part—time students. was devised to aid .

students enrolled in an undergraduate program for at least

six but fewer than 12 credit hours. according to Fryer.
“The Governor feels that there are some students that are

agrcssivcly pursuing degrees. yet were part-time students due

“This is an area which has
traditionally been neglected
by the state. ”

—-Donald Whitlock

 

 

 

to jobs or other demands on their time." said Gary Fryer. a
prcss officer to the Governor. “He feels that it is unfair to
exclude such students from financial assistance when they
could certainly otherwise be eligible for these programs," he
added.

“The program is geared to assist part-time students who
are continuing their cdttcation, or those who wish to be re-
cducatcd in order to learn new skills and find other employ-
ment" said Fryer. “These are students that are capable of
bettering themselves, but perhaps have not been able to do so
because they lack the resources." Fryer said. adding that the
program will. for the first time. extend tuition assistance to

inclttdc part-time students.

The program will determine eligibility of students under
the current Pell Grant criteria, said Fryer. The Higher
Education Services Corporation will administer the new
loans.

Donald Whitlock. Director of Financial Aid at SUNYA.
commented that ltc thought the idea was a good one.“This is
an area that has been traditionally neglected by the state. and
we can't argue with the ntcrits of the program. it is a good
idea to subsidize part time students. especially if there is a
needs test applied." He added that the program will allow a
great many employed part-time students to get .enough
education in order to get a better job.

Whitlock added that it was a concern of the financial aid
community that a program such as the one proposed to
benefit part-time students decs not diminish the funding
enrichment of traditional TAP programs. “There is a ques-
tion of the best deployment of funds” said Whitlock. The
monies must be deployed in the most equitable fashion.
There are limited state resources, and it is our hope that a
program such as this will not diminish the state's capacity to
provide the TAP enrichment necessary. he added.

Wltitlock also stated that a program which benefits only
part-time students will generally not benefit institutions such
as SUNYA. it will instead generally enrich the city univer-
sitics which include a higher percentage of night and part-
time students enrolled. “Traditional institutions such as
SUNYA will not experience major benefits as some other in.
stitutions may" he said.

Jim Tierney. president of the Student Association of the
State University commented that SASU was supporting any
type of program providing financial assistance to part-time
students. “We think this is a very good program" said
Tierney, “At least it is a start." According to Tierney, there
are currently no programs that provide ﬁnancial assistance to
part-time students. “Even though we don't feel $11 million is
an adequate ttmount to assist approximately one million
students. it is at least the first step.” said Tierney.

Tierney also indicated that SASU was concerned that there
is no constituency pressure for part-time studertts. “Part
time students, up to now. have not really had anyone really

supporting them. This is something we are all just waking up

to. We have to put a part tintc TAP program as a priority.
because unless we do something this money may be cut and
utlizcd for other programs." said Ticrrtcy.

Tierney indicated that SASU would ideally like to see the
money from the program distributed to the individual cam-
puses in lump sums. to be distributed individually by the
financial aid officers. “We would like to see the money
distributed by the individual campuses." said Tierney. “That
way. there will be enough flexibility on the part of the ﬁnan-
cial aid officers to be able to disburse this money to a very
needy and very qualified student." he added. .

Tierttcy stressed that any part time students in need of
financial aid should express their need to their legislators
either through a letter or in person. Cl

 

 

SUE MINDICN UPS

Donald Whitlock
"We can 'I argue wilh the merits of the program. ”

      

