 

 

introspect‘ _

lANUARY 27, 1984

 

. Twister

This vacation was going to be‘dltferent. .

l was finally going to learn how to use a 35mm camera. I was going to take myself out to plays-
i was going to see every Hitchcock re-reiease at the Quad Cinema. i was going to see the de
Koonan exhibit. l was going to read Camus and William Carlos Williams. l was going to 90
through the Wall Street Journal every day. go out every night. make lots of money, call peoplef
from high school that l hadn't seen In years. rearrange my room. start a diet. stop biting my nails.
and _do my resumes. ’ ' 3

Vacation was going by fast. and I'd only seen one Hitchcock, read one Camus. called three
high school friends. and bought one copy of the Journal (it remains unread). My parents came
with me to Manhattan one day. and I Was lugging my Dad's camera around all over the Village.
waiting for a great shot. i never found one. In fact. i didn't find one all vacation. l settled for try-
ing to learn how to use a disc camera. which developed Into a quickie lesson from my father
about how the human eye can psychologically phase out the reflection of a light on an object and
see around the light, while a camera can't. Broadway was too expensive. and none of the
off-B'way plays Interested me. Besides. how much Sam Shepard can a person take? i never
made de Koonlng. but saw the Kandinsky thing at the Guggenheim instead. My room started
looking pretty good, so why rearrange It? Naturally. i would have started a diet. but It would
have been silly to eat some of that fair that my mother kept buying without a bagel. And since l
left all of my nail polish In school. there was no need to grow my nails. iforgot to declare myself
as a student on my W2 form, so i was losing $50 on every paycheck. i got through the first 23

. pages of Williams' The Build-Up. And then of course, was the matter of the resumes.

i figured l'd get the Times every Sunday and plow through the classifieds. But the first Sunday
was Christmas. and the next New Year’s. and everyone knows that hardly any firms advertise on
those days. After that, l'd pretty much dismissd the idea of doing resume research from my
mind. until i called Bonnie.

"So’ what have you been doing Bon ?"

"Oh Gail, it's great. My father has a word processor. so l wrote a program on it to keep inser~
ting new addresses in my cover letters for my resumes. '

“How many did you do?"

"One hundred and sixty seven."

One six seven. One hundred. sixty seven. [67. Ohmigod.

lcan’t even name 167 companies that I'd want to send to. [don’t even like computer science.
i don't care. My parents will support me. they understand. if they can learn to like C’s. they can
learn to like welfare. Besides I always wanted to go Bohemian. On the road.

I sent out 79. So far. ' "

 

Um...hi.
Sometimes being a freshman sucks. There's simply no way around that universal truth. F0,

the most part, the freshman, has no car. no proof. and none of the college smarts that the up,
perclassmen have managed to garner throughout their stay at good ole Albany. if a freshman
wants to drink at a bar, he must do so thiough cunning. if he wants to take a girl oui. unlessh
has his own mode of transport, It's through the SUNYA Green Legion. e

In spite of all of these tribulations (and In spite of the disdain of the upperclassmen), barns a
freshman offers a lot of advantages. No. really. I’m being serious here.

First of all. it's a hell of a lot of fun. i know that some people are never able to handle the
freedom that college represents. but at a freshman level. you don't have to deal with that All
'you have to worry about is did lfall all my courses last term. and did i make an idiot of myself |a51
Friday night while i was trashed?

Also. the freshman has an academic advantage. in that he(or she) can choose to work his (or
her) chops off. thereby establishing a firm base for his cum (pronounced kuh-yoom)_ or, on the
other and apparently much more popular hand. he can just say “Screw It. nobody cares how
you do In your freshman year anyway."and get on with the more important facets of the
freshman yearfie being constantly drunk).

But perhaps the best thing about being a freshman is the “newness"of college life When I
came back up to SUNYA (from Long-EYE-land. and i'li pronounce it anyway I please) and
moved back Into my dorm (Ten Eyck. Dutch Quad. best dorm In SUNY). the place was filling
up. not with upperclassmen. but with freshmen. Freshmen. who were coming back as soon as
possible because they missed It up here. I was really glad to be back. as most of my frivnrls were
and i don’t think there was an upperclassmen within fifty miles who felt as good as | tli(l getting
back to the dorms that day. Everyone seemed happy to see each other again. ilii<l it was
n|ce(and a little startling) to realize that l have friends up in Albany just as real as my (iltl ones at

ome.
That's why. although there are disadvantages. it’s a really nice feeling, being a lwshnmn
Sometimes.

Puzzle Answer

 

The editors of Aspects wish to make a formal apology to Ed Marussich for neglecting to credit his photography in last semester's National In-

quirer parody issue. Through an editorial error. the fact that Ed shot all cover photos. as well as photo’s appearing on pp.2.4.5.and 6. was not

mentioned throughout the entire issue. We at Aspects regret the oversight.

crossword on page 8a

Al

 

 

(stuurutm Lntru SUPPLIER.)

~—*._

. . .Setzwcme ALL comments
seams 5€MCST€R‘84”

4‘ DUTCH QUAD awaf/Tﬂ/ffl/ma’l/M lllEStllllllls

s COLONIALQUAD argue/War rower: ‘ 62mm”
«it sure ova D mseuawarramz .

* INDIAN QUAD mweWUFMmWIK/Md William”
tr ALUMNI QUAD mwmmmmym 

 

 

 

Mew siuoexrs FOR zMSEMest
' e 1660 PLUS 55 Derosn
WéeKLY CHANGes WILL iNCtIiDé
2 seems it PILLOW arse +5 BATHTOWEIS
(ﬁts/out ZimmaW
J W m fab
we ire TH€9N_|~Y_UNIV€IZ nv ‘
vex DOIb chill?” “Nell

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Iniumitg Auxiliarulbrruiru “enlarge
“will!” a
—-=:' w

rive eun-
vol-m'

AHBIILAIIGE SERVIGE
,m 

All
FIRST AID «owns:
Illl-‘OIIHAIIOII

MONdaV January 30

LC 3 7:30 PM
Tuesday January 31

LC 24 7:30 PM
any questions call 457-8613

come see what we’re'ail about
SA FUNDED

 

 

i

 

 

"w. vars... -suﬂ...‘ e... - ~. .,. .. 4... .

MNUARY 27. 1984

 

 

Updike:

Ince 1960, John Updike has written

book reviews for The New Yorker. and

the reviews of the last eight years com-
prise most of his new book. Hugging the
Shore. included at the beginning of the
volume is a small collection of humorous
pieces. short fiction. essays. and imaginary in-
iervlews.

Steve Marks

The "Interviews With insufficiently Famous
Americans" are vividly descriptive. giving the
characters and scenes a photographic
realness. For example. Updike's description of
The Child Bride:

"She Is a child. A child in high heels, true:
but baby [at presses with o delicate meniscus
through the straps of these shoes and fills her
'red satin dress 50 it glows like a spanking new
pillow. "

The child bride dutifully entertains her late
middle-aged husband and his friends, and Up-
dike uses a thoughtful simlle to bring his
photograph to life:

"As she performs these tasks, she dodges

among her guests like a puppy seal amid
hoary, craggy icebergs. "
This simile. and others. along with perfectly
appropriate adjectives, enforce the main con-
cern of this short piece — the abhorrence of a
woman so young and smooth married to a
man so old and rough who has been married
to many other young innocents.

 

‘ Writing criticism is to
writing fiction and poetry
as hugging the shore is to

sailing in the open sea.’

 

 

 

The power of Updike's style and the per-
tinence of his vocabulary make the reader will-
Ingly study some passages repeatedly. trying
to absorb the Importance of every word.

Updike throws humor Into most of his
pieces, making them all the more enjoyable to
read. A passage from The Running Mate:

“Her blue-eyed lace ﬂoats in the side of
one's vision like a corneal scar, and though
one lashes out. and occasionally strikes bone,
so that she bobs and staggers, the effort of run-
ning leaves insu/ficient leverage [or the crippl-
Ing blow one would like to deliver. "

The Interview from The Pal would make
anyone who has ever had a pal smile:

0: Could you in a word or two describe the
gratifications of being—how shall we put
it?—a pal?

A: Meagre. Few.

Doe; I! Add,

 

 

 

 

L

Book Ends

Aéﬂci‘SJ. ‘

The Reviewer Reviewed

Q: Would you advise young men. freshly
graduated from college and as yet undecided
about their careers. to follow in your footsteps
and become pals?

A: No.

Q: What has been the principle ingredient,
in your experience. of palship?

A: Beer.

0: And its sustaining teleology and ambient
essence?

A: Death.

0: Thank you very much,sir.

A: Forget It.

One objection that might be raised about
Updike's essays in Hugging the Shore lies in
the interview with “One's Neighbor's Wile." In
which the author devotes an entire page to a
description of his subject’s genital area. Some
might complain of the vulgarity of this
passage. But the range of colors listed by the
proud wife Is rather Impressive.

in his interviews. Updike captures the
essence of people with whom everyone is ac-
quainted — The Pal; The Mailman. One‘s
Neighbor‘s Wife. The Widow. The Under-
taker. Even if one has never encountered an
undertaker. there are certain assumptions we
hold about such people. which Updike con-
firms with extensive description and imagery:

Asp
encouraged to submit their work
issue of Aspects.

 

"He wears the correct suit of lugubrious
blue, and his voice Is right. that strange timbre

undertakers achieve. not quite deep enough I

to be ministerial nor high enough to be
eunuchoid. but pitched in-between. and
resistless as a mountain stream of salad oil.
onﬂowlng but tranquil; nothing will ripple ii."

Updike reveals to us how we feel about
these people. We would express similar feel-
ings If we had the same grasp of our selves that
Updike has of his self. and If we could master a
mode of expression as Updike has mastered
writing.

Other essays at the beginning of the book
include two humorous pieces on golf. one of
which is the hilarious “Golf Dreams." Updike
says that these nightmares are no worse than a
real round of golf:

"We chip from glass tables onto moving
stalrways.‘ we swing in a straitjacket. through
masses of cobweb. and awake not with any
sense of unjust hazard but only with a regret
that the round can never be completed."

There is a series of essays on New England.
one an account of the baseball season's Open-
ing Day with the Boston Red Sox in Fenway
Park In 1979. One can't appreciate this piece
without a working knowledge of the '79 Red
Sox lineup.

Aspects Writing Contest

Fiction-Art-Essays-Ph0tos-Hum0r-P0ems

ects Is now accepting submissions for the 1984 writing contest. All interested writers are
for consideration. Winners will be published In the March 30th

RULES:

l.l am the Lord thy God. Thou
shalt...oops. sorry. wrong rules.

2.The deadline is Friday. March 9th. for all
submissions.

3.The contest is restricted to students atten-
ding SUNYA this semester. either at a
graduate or undergraduate level.

ess
Porary Ufa? "’5’ Insanity of COME”,

4.The categories are—-
Fiction
Essays
Humor
Art
Photography
Poetry-

Cl

“Writing criticism is to writing fiction and
poetry as hugging the shore Is to sailing In the
open sea." Updike writes In his foreword to
the book. He compares the thrill and freedom
of open artistic expression to the security and
safeness of critical prose. Despite the lack of
adventurous. daring indulgence In book
reviews. Updike claims that they perform a
desired social service: '

"...they excuse us Irom reading the books
themselves. They give us literary sensations in
:oncentrated lorm. They are gossip of a
higher sort. They are as intense as television
commercials and as jolly as candy bars."

Updike specifically reviews or Introduces
131 books In Hugging the Shore. not In-
cluding the works covered In "Three Talks on
American Masters." which open the section
devoted to the book reviews.

One of the three masters considered is Her-
man Melville. Updike gives a broad, scholarly
account. which is nonetheless digestible to a
non-academic audience. of Melville's
withdrawal after publication of MobyoDick.
This masterpiece. now considered one of the
greatest works In American literature. was a
popular and critical failure when It was first
released.

Melville's next novel. Pierre. “proved to be
ludicrously bad." according to Updike. He
says. "It is doubtful if elsewhere in the history
of literature two books as good and bad as
Moby-Dick and Pierre have been written back
to back."

Drawing upon his extensive general
knowledge of the life of Melville. Updike
relates many oppressions and deprivations
that had affected him. and which probably
contributed to his downfall from genius. Up-
dike suggests that the single most Important
cause was that “Moby-Dick used up the last

major portion of Melville's artistic capital. his
years at sea." Melville had no other creative
source to draw upon.

Other authors covered In Hugging the
Shore include W.H. Auden. Samuel Beckett,

 

John Cheever. Nathaniel Hawthorne. Ernest
Hemingway. James Joyce, Franz Kafka. Kurt
Vonnegut. EB. White. and Walt Whitman.

The works are covered with expertise. and
the reviews are very readable. Updike Is un-
forgiving, yet rather gentle In his intelligent
criticism. He criticizes Vonnegut's Slapstick
firmly. yet rather playfully. by listing the scien-
tific and sociological fancies presented In the
novel "In descending order of charm and pro-
vocativeness...however clear to the author's
heart."

For any reader interested In gaining new In-
sights tnto the greatest works of recent years
through original. lively. and stimulating
criticism, Hugging the Shore is a worthy in—

[Ii

 

vestment.

5.Contestants must Include their name.
age. and phone number on each submission.
A contestant may enter as often as he or she
feels is necessary.

6.Wlnners will be notified prior to the
publication of their work. The contest issue will

 

(OI'ISlSl entirely of the winners' work.

 

 

......;,‘...,tn..,_ a“ . . .  . ,4. . 

 

 

