. ,

 

I
 t
' i

.. M...»

......-.-¢ 2

".‘S”

 

 

1.7%.... -...

 

" 2 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS ' TUESDA r. MARCH 20. I984

~ NE ws BRIEFS

 

Police protect miners

London
t-\l’ll’o|ice reinforcements rnored into the
llritislr Midlatrds Mnnrlayand ti.000 officers
were ptrt on alert rratinnwideto pl'otcct work-
iug miners from pickets arriving from strike-
bnrrud pits in definace of a court order.

llre police operation. at the start of the scA
enrrd week of a partial strike by miner's. is the
ttrgest sittcc llt'rtain's. hitter WEI: Licuctal
strike. ‘

"l lying pickets" trying to elite! tire Nor-
!ingltarushire cnalliclds faced Ltlttil pnlrcc.
Including oli'ieets ttaitrerl itt tint control.

l‘lte H.000 miners a' Nottinghamslrrre in
L'L‘Ittlttl l'llytlilllrl. lltlttlltt's second most prrr.
Ihretiie coal region. \otcri J-I Saturday to go
to work. drarrrati/ing thevhitter diyisinns in
the ISLIXKl rneruber. lettrsr-Ierl Natrnual
Union nt Mitteyynrkcrs.

Union members in | .trteaslrire. the
\llrllﬂlltls‘ l)r'tl\\sllllt‘, ( rrrrtberlatrd atrd
r\nrtlr \\ales also tnterl to work despite ti
strike call In urinets Ilt Scotland and m
i or kshire. the country 's largest rtrirrirrg area.
to protest llte sr.rt.~n\\rreri National (‘nal
lioatd‘s annnrrrrcr-nreru Iltltt It! urrptrrtitable
mines would he \ltl\\'tl. llre closures will
ltllcc 20.000 nrrr nl work in the nest ll mou-
Ills.

EEC debates reforms

Iirrnsr'ls. Belgium
:I\l’)l.L‘il(lL‘|\ ot Ilre ('nrrunon \Iarket Ilch
Monday to debate linancial tr‘lrttltts which
many e\petts ltcliey e are essential In save Ilre
ill-nation trade bloc ttnrrr going bankrupt by
the crtd of tire year. '
" ials said the l\\tt-rl:t\ summit must
agree on ways to raise new income. assess
membership does more lt'llll\ and litrrit from
spending. Tire issues are linked. and agree-
rnertt on one \\as not considered likely
without art accord on tile others.

The 27-year-old l urnpeatr lcnnnruic
(‘ommunity is runuirrg out or Itiottc\. in part
because of its generous pric'e supports tnr its
ti rrrilliorr farmers. a program that has etetttetl
immense surpluses. especially of L‘L‘lL‘itls and
dairy goods.

Many ollieials predict I] L cutters will go
dry by this summer or early tall.

 

 

Nqﬁenébide

Meese faces inquiry

ii II\/llllL'/tlll. I).( '.
(Al'ilhc l)ep.trttut.'trr or Justice is in-
yestrgatitrg' whether .r spectal prosethnr is
needed tn ptnhel ll\\lll \leese‘s linartcey. hit!
the candidate tnt attorney general says he'll
Iieht In \\tti continuation despite the

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

_. ed Iate Stu day. "I intettd to continue ttty el'v

 

 

“baseless irrsirnuttions."

I‘i ~\\elcome tltis inquiry by tlte Justice
Department." Meese said in a statement
made shortly after the inquiry was announc-

fort to be confirmed as attorney general of
the United States."

The Justice Department decision came
alter top of I'icials. participating in an extraor-
dinary series of weekend meetings. said they
would open an inquiry to detertninc if a
special prosecutor- should investigate art
“5.000. interest-free loan Meesc received
from rr former White House aide.

AWACs sent to Egypt

‘ ‘ titty/lineal”. l).(‘.
t.»\l’) the Reagan adtnirrrstration has decided
to send :\\\.«\t'.\ radar plarres to Egypt
tollnuirrg charges by neighboring Sudan Ilrat
I ihya was responsible iot bombing Sudan‘s
largest city. adrrrtrristratnrr sotttccs say.

lltc sources. speaking nrr the condition
they trnt he iderrtiticd by trartre. said Sunday
that otte or runte' ol the sophisticated
.-\\\';\(‘5 jets would he settt In proyidc sup-
pnrt for the l~gyptian .t\ir I-‘ntee.

The United States last year dispatched
.-\\\"I\('.\' aircratt tn l-gypt and Sudan to lrelp
counter a perceiyed liltyarr threat against
Sudan as well as In monitor lighting by
'l'r‘ipoli~backed I' uces it] ('had.

Sudanese nl'ii ials haye charged that i-‘r'i~
day's borrrbirrg raid, which killed five people
itr ()mdurrnarr. was corrdtrctcd by a single
's'rwiet-huilt I'd-22 owned by Libya. The
lighter dropped llye bombs on ()rndut'man. a
city of 300.000 across Ilrc Nile Riter' from
Khartoum. according to tire Sdanese Foreign
Ministry.

   

 

' I .
Second trial begins ‘

‘ Fall River, Mass.
(Al’iA defense lawyer says'it‘s a “different
jury and Indifferent trial" for four men
charged with raping a yourtg mother on a

barrooru pool table. despite the conviction of

two other defendants in the case.

Tire defense for the four men opens its ease
Mottday irt the shadow of tire guilty verdicts
handed down Saturday in the case of Daniel
Silva and .Ioseplr Vieira.

It took a jury of eight men and four
wotttett 5.5 Irorrrs - irtclrrding an hour lrrrrclr -
to Iind ‘ilva. 27. arid \‘icit'a. Ill. gtrilty of ag-
gravated rape in the March 6. 1983. attack on
a woman in a New licdford bar.

The two Portuguese irrrttrigtarrts face tip to
life in prison arid possible deportatintr.
Sentencing has been scheduled for l"l'ltlt|)‘.

 

 

Statewide

Alvarado may resign

New York CI'IJ'
(M’lSclrools ('hancellor' Antlrotry Alvarado
appears to be giving serious consideration to
hunting as head of the nation's largest scltonl
system after a series of damaging financial
disclosures. ‘

Alyarado was closeted today with his
private attorney. former Ahscam pr’osreutor
l'lrnmas I’rtccio. atrd sources close to
Alya'rdn said he would tttakc a statettrent
later “it Ire decides to step down."

 

 

 

Alvarado met for nine hours Sunday with
his close advisors without reaching p deci-
sion. A spokesman for the chancellor. Steve
Mangione. said his options were to resign.
stay on the job or take temporary leave of
absence.

Settlement criticized

Yonkers
(Al’)'l'hc crty manager and vice mayor of
Yonkers have angrily criticired the Board of
lidrrcation for its tentative settlctrrent of a
school integration suit with a plan cslituated
to cost Ilre s'chool system $t8 million.

Sunday Ire supported the otrt-of-eourt settle-
trrent of the federal still. adding. “If people
still lrclieic \\e can go to court and win this.
they‘re wrong."

After negotiations with lawyers for the
Justice Department and with the Natiotttrl
Association lor- the advancement of Colored
l’eople - which brought the suit. the board‘s
trctiott in accepting a settlctncrtt drew the ire
of (‘in Ma‘nager Rodney Irwin ttrtd Vice
Mayor Bernice Sp‘rccktnan.

lirrt Yonkers Mayor Atrgelo Marlinelli said

 

Corrections

Diana Richburg does not rtrn for the
Albany State Great Dane Track learn as
was printed iii the March 6 issue of the
ASP. She runs for a private club and is
also a strident at SUNYA.

In llte March l6 issue of the ASP. it was
irtcorrcctly reported that Dwayne Samp-
son ran for Central Council vice chair.
Sampson did not run. although he receiv-
ed one wriIc-in vote.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Today Is the first day of spring.

V; .-  “(Jowaﬁw 
2.. meﬂ  ﬁrva

. I V .  ‘T—” __ .,

  

..M~J-A—a .. “'41-.- Irma-ameﬂmm

 

Jawbonewtll‘presant Actla
Attirevl] reading her own work In
the English and SerboCroatian
languages Thursday. March 22
at 12 noon in Humanities 354.
She is a visiting Fulbright pro-
fessor In the Slavic Language
Deparment. . -
“Mid-East Update" will be the
topic of a speech by Ehud Got on
Wednesday. March 21 at 9 pm.
in Campus Center 373. The talk
is sponsored by J.S.C.-Hillel.
The Ramones and "special
guest" will appear in the Cam-
pus Center Ballroom Friday.
March 23_al 9 pm. Tickets are on
sale Monday through Friday
from 11:30 am. to 3:30 pm. and
cost $8.00 with a tax card and
59.00 without. The concert is co-
sponsored by U68 and W008.

 

.22. Sign-ups are

John Cougar Mellencamp will
appear to the University Gym on
Monday. April 2 at 9 pm: Tickets
will be sold In the Campus
Center torSt0.00with a tax card
and $12.50 wtrhoirr. UCB ls spon-
soring the event.

Afternoon at the Bars will be
held Thursday. March 22 from 3
pm. to 6 pm. Tickets cost $5.00
and are available In the Campus
Center lobby. The event Is spon.
sored by Telethon '85. Student
Association. and Classes of '84.
‘85. and '86.

Telethon '84 auditions will be
held through Thursday. March
In Campus
Center 130. Telethon will be held
from Friday. March 30 to Satur-
day. March 81.
C.A.R.F.‘s general

Interest

meeting will be held Thursday.
March 22 at 7 p.rn. in Humanities
125. A tree Illm entitled “Coming
out of the Ice" will be shown.
C.A.R.P. Is the Collegiate
Association tor the Research of
principles. and Is committed to
"global patriotism and a creative
alternative to Marxism."

The Debate Society ls sponsor-
ing a series‘ol debate workshops
this week. On Tuesday. March 20
at 8:30 pm. Proi. Katherine Ken-
dall will discuss cross examina-
tion techniques. On Wednesday.
March 21 at 3:30 pm. debate
theory will be discussed by Prof.
Richard Wilke. Both will be held
in HU 354. the Humanities
Lounge. _

The Archaeology Field School
will have an Interest meeting and

 

slide show on Wadnesday.‘

March 21. at 5:30 pm. In Social
Sciences 260. Students can fill
out applications at the meeting
for a summer program in which
they can earn eight credits in an-
thropology.

A Career Day will be held Thurs-
day. April 12. Students In-
terested In participating In this
event may pick up information
and an application in the Center
Ior Undergraduate Education
(CUE). The application deadline
|s,Wednesday. March 28.
International Games tor the
Disabled will be held from Satur-
day. June 16 to Saturday. June
30 at Eisenhower Park In Long
Island. Volunteers are asked to

contack Rhoda White at'

Eisenhower Park. E. Meadow.

N.Y.11554. ,

A Legislative Fellows Program
of the New York State Senate
will run from Sept. 19. 1984 to
Aug. 7. 1985. The program is
designed to provide students
with. a knowledge oi state
government. For information
contact Prof. Joseph Zimmer-
man at 455-6186.

Liz Story. on Improvisational
pianist. will appear at the Troy
Savings BAnk Music Hall on
Saturday. March 24 at 8 pm.
Tickets are on sale at the Music
Hall Box Office.

Nadir Is accepting contributions
in poetry. writing. photographyt
and art for the 1984 issue until
Thursday. March 22. Call Mike
Benson at 463-2388 or Lori Cop.
pola at 483-1003 for Inlormatton.

. «assumes, gawk“ ‘

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

l

TUESDA r, MARCH 20. 1984 a A'LBANYSTUDEIVTPRESS 3

' University heads encourage reform

‘ O’Leary, others discuss education in New York State

By Eric Hindln
smrr warren V

At a recent conference held in New York
City. SUNYA President Vincent O'Lcary
cited a decline in the number of students
enrolled in our “fine teacher education pro-
gram" and emphasized the need to'expand
and improve teacher education programs
throughout New York State.

Joining O‘Lcary and Dean of Education
Robert Koff at the conference were
presidents and deans from nine other univer-
sities throughout New York State which offer
doctoral degree programs in professional
education.

. In addition to calling for reforms in the
training of teachers. the presidents and deans
called for state and federal governments to

'join them in making a committment towards

strengthening schools in the state of New
York. according to a statement issued with
the press release of the conference.

The conference was in part a reponsc to
several reports issued in the past year which
called attention to problems in the nations
schools. the statement said.

“While the conditions of public and
private schools at all levels has always been a
concern of the presidents and deans, the cort-
fercncc represented the first unified committ-
mcnt by public and independent institutions
to work together actively to improve teacher
training. contribute to curricular reform, and
develop these institutions" capacity to meet

(‘lticrtgo
(Al’) Democratic presidential survivor's.
debating two days before art lllitrois

showdown. elasltcd Sunday rtigltt over civil
rights. Chicago politics and new ideas.

“In the race for new ideas. I win." Walter
F. Mondale said itt an assault aimed at the
core of Gary Hart's campaign.

Mondale and Iltrrt argued over ideas while
the third contender. the Rev. Jesse Jackson.
said his carttpaign Iras brought him to the
“apex of the triangle" in the presidential
fights. i 'srtring that his black arid other stip-
porters will not be taken for granted when
the Democratic party selects a nominee next
summer.

There were several barbs directed at Presi-
dent Reagan. whom Mondale ‘Illed “one of

 

 

history." .

Mondale used the locally televised debate
Sunday night to claim a “dramatic dif-l
ference" between himself and the Colorado |
senator on civil rights.

“I'm not arguing about Gary's nominal
record." Mondale said in the 60-minute en-

the educational needs of the state." the state-
tttcnt explained. A

In a later interview, O‘Lcary said that
among the planned activities that will be part
of thc'committmcnt are scholarship pro-
grams for talented education students, pro-
grams among the schools of education to
share and exchange their resources. and
cooperative ventures between universities
and schools to develop curricula in mutually
beneﬁcial ways.

Such programs. added O’Leary. will be
carried out with primary and secondary
schools. as well as with other universities.

The statement noted that because educa-
tion reform requires recognition that teachers
are central to the effort. the presidents and
deaths. besides calling for better working con-
ditions for teachers (tip to date textbooks and

institutional materials. sound testing pro--

grams and effective discipline procedures)
emphasized the importance of increasing
teacher salaries.

In calling for the state and federal govern-
ments to help bring about educational
reform. the statement explained. the
presidents and deans attending the cott-
ference. though landing New York State as
being ahead of other states. 'alled for an in-
creased state role in implementing financing
reform and increased general aid.

In addition. the statement said that in
order to attract the most qualified students
into the teaching profession. the presidents

corrntcr. “but I do think there‘s a dramatic
difference in the intensity. tltc eotrrtuitment.
the effort undertaken to ruoye this process
forward toward ttuc opportrrtrity for all
Americans." '

Iittt llar't. whose sudden emergence from

and deans urged that new State scholarship
and loan programs be established. Special at-
tention. they added. should be paid to the
recruitment and support of talented minority
students.

To insure that any efforts would be aper-
manent and ongoing process. rather than a

one time response to signs of trouble. the

presidents and deans called for the establish-
ment of regional education centers in the
statement. which would join representatives
frotn all levels of the education system. and
all sectors of society. including business. in-
dustry and labor.

Claiming that federal support for educa-
tion. while providing opportunity and sup-
port t’or quality education. has perhaps not
received as much emphasis as it' should.
O'Leary and the other presidents and deans.
outlined. at the conference, three forms of
federal participation in the education process
which are crucial.

Student aid. in the form of fellowships.
work study programs. and loan programs
must be maintained. according to the
presidents and deans attending the con-
I‘crcnec.

Also emphasized was the need for the
federal governrtrent to continttte to support
the efforts of state and local governments to
meet the needs ol'gifted students, those from
socio-economically disadvantaged
backgrounds. as well as tnittority and hi-
lirtgtral students. There is ample evidence. ac-
cording to the presidents and d 'ttns that such

“Without that black and brow n support in
tire city of Denver arid across the state of Col-
orado I wouldn't be here today.“ he said.

Mondale easily won the l’rrertn Rico
primary on Sunday. taking 9‘) percent of the
into. “art did not contest Mondale in I’trerro

 

Candidate

Mondale

Hart

Jackson

Others
Uncommitted
Needed to nominate

 

Note: "Others" includes those pledged to candidates who have drop-
ped out- Sen. John Glenn. former Florida Gov. Reubln Askew and
former South Dakota Sen. George McGovern.

491
261
60

85
112
1,967

 

 

the pack has dethroned Mondale as front-
runner. rctor'ted: “I'm not willing to let Vice

President Mondale or anyone else in this‘

country garrge my intensity of commitment
to civil rights. I think it‘s as broad and deep
as his or for that tnatter anyone else's."

 

 

'Llleguard." .

 

Cheese Blotto bails out a song during'the “St. Patrick's Day Dance Party with
Blotto" Saturday in the Campus Center Ballroom.

The Albany-based band kept the crowd lumping for most of their 90-minute
show. playing such favorites as “Metalhead.” “I Quit." and “I Wanna Be a

The concert. which attracted several hundred students was sponsored by
University Concert Board and lnterquad Council.

BOB LUCKEV UPS

—-Jerry Camplone

 

 

Rico.

Both Mondale and Hart were campaigning
Monday in downstate Illinois.

Over the last week — amid intense public
scrutiny — Hart and his campaign officials
ltavc tirade a nrrtubcr of mistakes ' ' III
in Illinois. which probably cost sotne votes
and gave Mondtrlc political ammunition for
his claim that the 47-year-old Colorado
senator is too ine\pericnccd Iind naive to
become president.

Late last week itr Chicago. the lIart cartr-
paigu ran ads attacking Mondale l'nI accep—
ting the endorserrrerrt of ('nok ('otrnty
Democratic chairman I'dward R. \’rdo|_\‘ak.
()n the day before ads were aired. llztt't said
ire thought the candidates slittttltl stay out of
(‘lrieago politics.

llar't Iatcr' ordered the ads pulled off the
air. lirrt while they were still being broadcast.
llar't defended tlrerrr. "I think people have a
right to know who is supporting \\hieh carr-
didate and rrrakc their decision based on that.
That‘s not to say I prefer one side or the
other."

There were also contradictory accounts
from press secretary Kathy liushkiu and Hart
on lion much Ire knew ahorrt the entruuercials
before the decision \\as made to put Ilrctn on
the "

l€.u r' it] the week. Ilart charged Mondale
with using a teleyisinrr commercial to trrake
personal attacks focused on llrut‘s age. his
narrre change front llattpeuce to “art and
drnppirrg Warren as the rrriddle rranre from
his official Seirate signature.

lndiguant. lltttt said Mondale "knows in
his heart there is no blemish on my character
that would prohibit tlte froru gmcrning this
country in this decade." '

lt trrrned out that the offending ad did not

 

O
6.

 

 

F...

 

SUNYA President Vincent O’Leery

 

Advocaled more government involvmenr.
students beneﬁt from programs designate
assist them.

In this age of changing technology. said
O‘Leary. local school teachers will come to
depend heavily on universities to provide
them with much of the raw material out of
which to fashion courses and curricula.
O‘Leary. and attendees of the conference
therefore support federally funded programs.
such as those carried on by the National In-
stitute for Education and the National
Science Foundation. and are calling for in-
creased federal support and attention to the
teaching of science and mathematics. They
are also urging that international and educa-
tional programs be strengthened to improve
instruction in foreign languages and cultures.
the said. f'l

Democrats fight for delegates in Illinois primary

'exisl. or if it did exist that it was never broad-
cast. A senior slaff tnetnber had reported the
ad to the traveling campaign staff. and Hart
decided to attack it withoutconfirming that
it did indeed exist.

Later. David Landau. the deputy cartr-
paign manager. claimed that although the in-
formation about the ad actually being used

was faulty. tlre Mondale advertising agency‘

had prepared commercials noting that Mon-
dale had not changed his name.

To some extent. the errors can be explain-
ed by :r primary election system devised by
Democratic leaders that requires candidates
to eotnpete in a large number of important
states in under a month.

Mondale's well-financed. well-organized
campaign was built for the early rush of
primaries and party caucuses, which will
determine over half the 1.967 delegates need-
ed to win the nomination in July.

Hart‘s Illinois campaign manager. Wayne
Koonce. said over the weekend that the need
Ito expand the campaign so rapidly has “plac-
ed an enormous amount of stress on the can-
dirlate and his organilation."

“Titer/cality of the ilart campaign is a
relatively small number of people stretched
beyond all limits of endurance." Koonce
said.

For Ilart himself. continuous l5 or
16-hour catnpaign days. including forrr or
five airplartc flights daily. are beginning to
take their physical toll.

His \oice cracks. ther are occasional
breaks iii the cadence of his standard stirrup
speech and he has had at least two arguments
with reporters in the midst of interviews.

In Sunday night's candidate debate.
however. llar't appeared rested. atrd even
displayed art uncharacteristic bit of theater by
handing Mondale a copy or" his book. “A
New Demoeri ‘ " to counter the former \ice
president’s charge that his campaign of “new
ideas“ lacks teal strbstarrce.

 

The debate was the only face-to-faee con<
l'rontrrtion in the Illinois carrrpaign. a tight
for I7l convention delegates itr "l‘ucsday's
election and momentum going ittto other
ptltttaties in the nest seicr'ai weeks iIt ('on<
uecticrrr. New York. and Pennsylvania.

\\‘Irh just over two weeks Letttttittlng until
the New York primary, Walter Mondale has
picked Irp New York ('in Mayor Edward
Koch‘s ctttlttt'sctttettl in tire Democratic
presidential primary. according to sources in
the ls'oclt adrnirustration.

'l'he truryor was scheduled to lrnld a news
conference Monday to atrnottttce his tlUL‘l:
siorr. ‘- i

 

 

  

