 

. w.-.“—
.n-M~u-II«~M--. L“... , .. .. .

3.... my» autumn-Um“

 

:2253poﬂs ALBANY STUDENT 93555 i TUESD/I {APRIL 3, 1954

Freshmen totdominate s

. single inning itt college ball. attd It t‘ew hate

8 Marc Berman
swam mum

The Albany State women‘s softball team
will definitely lead tlte NYSAIAW league in
one category tlti. ason; titeir starting lineup
will contain tttote Ireshtnett players than ttny
other team in tlte l'ague.

Out of the IZ‘plttyers on the squad.’ to ot‘
Iltetn tire I'reshtn’en and eight will Hit up nltte
of tire starting positions.

“Five of toy players will be celebrating
tlteir nineteetttlt birthday tltis month." said
(‘ottch Lee Rhenislt with It grin. “It's Ilte
youngest team He ever had."

Though ttte teant is cotnittg ittto tlte season
witlt an estraordinary, amount of youth.
Coach thenish is ttot eyactly giting up her
plans ol‘ qualifying for tlte tltird consecutive
NYSAIAW playol'l' bitl.

Two years ago. tlte |)IInes captured tltc
NYSAIAW title and last season they were
stopped short lit the setttil‘inItls. Since their:
will be ottly ottc rettttttittg stItttct to this
yeat's teattt. Rhettish has set tnotc ntodest
goals than past years: totptnlity lot the tout
tIItIIIcttt. which selects tltc top eight teams
ttont tlte .il clubs in the .‘si \\l \\\ chtgttc.

.\ttd Ittt added to this ycat's post-season
play will be the addition oI tltc Iitst-ItnttttItl
SUNYACs. lite fs'llNY lL'Illlls will be btokctt
into It \\‘cst and lust tli\isiott. tlIc thtttI with
the best rcciud ttotn cItclt ditisiott will Ittcct
t'ot the SUNYAI' title on May 5.

"()III goals Inc to make tltc 81 Ni .\( sand
the N\ l.-\\\  said Rhettish. “but we
want to take one game at It tittte and we must
bc thinking ol Sictttt tltis l'lttttsday.“

\\'itli only one tcttttning plIttct back this
year. Senior (ItptItitt ('atyl .\leyct. Itttd eight
l'tcshntIttt I'illittg tltc tetnaitting eight spots.

Rhettislt does .I tec tltat his is It chttildittg‘

' building bttt that doesn‘t
mean we can‘t wilt." said Rhettish. “I IN
yettt I thought we were tebttilding and we
made the semis."

HIIid .\lc_\ct. the team captain: “\\’e‘te It
young team. The only way we‘ll get c\-
pericncc is by playing.“

If there is otte position that Irttly e\-
etttplt the club's abundant amount of
youth and collegiate inc\perience. it can be
l'ottttd itt tltcir pitching stal‘t'. ()ut ot‘ the live
playet's working on breaking ittto tlte rota-
tiott. not one can boast ot‘ liming pitched a
CELEBRATE

never thrown a single inning itt orgatti/cd
sot'tball.

The leading candidate to stun opcttittg day
against Sienn on 'l‘ltttrsdny is Meyer. who
played her ﬁrst three seasons as It second
baseman Itttd IIc\ct‘ pitcltetl an ittttittg I’ot'
Albany State.

“I learned pitching two years ago but i
ne\cr really got the hang til it tttttil now.“
said Meyer. "In'practice otte Iittte l was
throwing against It wall and Ilte pitching
coach (‘ttn/ asked ttte il' l wattch to he a
pitcher and i decided to giie it a shot.“

Since Meyer becatttc II sliILIL'III ol' (‘tIn/.
site has itttprot'cd her accuracy Itttd has
dctclopcd ittto the probably Ittttttbet' oIIc
starter.

 

"She's worked so hard at it and site‘s
determined to keep tts l't'otn hating a losing
season." said Rhenish. “Site‘s tnIItle gr ‘lII
progress as It pitcher."

Meyer will also play tlte t'ole as tettttt leader
especially sittce site‘s tltc ottly settior on a
tenth of all l‘reshman: "'l'ltere‘s different
types ol' lenders." sttid Rhettish. “She's not
Iltc rItIt-tah type httt slte leads by esatnplc."

lt' Meyer as stopper of tire stat‘l'. Iht.‘
I)ttttcs' most consistent hitter tnight Itlso
beeottte tlteir most consistent pitcher.
I~'reshtnan centerl'icldcr Julie Wilson. who
will ltit third ltt tlte order. lttts been working
hard on Ittrttittg hcrscll‘ into a pitcher.
However. a tnittor back injury ltns slowed
down her progress. While her pilclting might
not be up to collegiate level. her bitting surely

ov‘v-—-'~——-_——..

 

_ ups-
Elght out at the nine starters will be treshman as the women's soltball teams opens

up their campaign Thursday alternoon against Slena. ‘

oftball team’s lineup

is. She's played summers on Ittt AHA juniot
team. where she ,I'Itced pitching its I'ast as
what she‘ll lace tltis season.

“She‘s seen Itll kittds or pitching." sum
Ritcttisit. “Whatever shc t'aees \vott't he Itcw
to her." .

Rhenislt is also keen on Wilson's nltitttdc.
“She knows wltat to do witltout being told.
She goeson about her business attd does it
well." -

Another l‘reshntatt skilled with the bat wlto
tttigltt see sottte titne on tlte Iuottttd is It” Lett-
\II‘lIllt. A I'reshtnnn transfer from Rtt'. she
has been working on her pitching attd might
he used for spot dttty.

l.cndrum cat'rics Ihe tttost power on the
teattt and Rhettish plans to insert her in litc
clean-up slot.

Yet another pitching prospect witlt Ito cul-
Icgiate espet'icnce is l'reshtnatt second
baseman l‘ett'y Sokol. wlto ittst recently
ﬁnished. up her season as II ttIetItbcr til the
gymnastics teatn.

Sokol. ttttlike sottte ttl'llhc othet pitching
hopet‘ttls. does |tIt\e high school pitching ey»
periencc Itttd Ritcnish is planning on ttsittg
ltet itt tlte second game of dottblethttlcts.

time will be two Itcw races on tlte cotncis.
t'tesltntan l‘irst bItstItIttt l'hetesa .\ltt)uccnc\
Itttdthittlbascmatt l'ettnic llowd.

McQttc nie lIIts bcett itttptotittg tnpttlly Ill
spring practice Itttd plans are to Itltl\L‘ lth to
tlte lit'th spot itt lltc ottlcr.

llowd.ngrndttateot Iloosick \allcy who Is
workittg on being II switchltiltcr. is thc
lettdol't' hitter. liesidcs beittg a good bttntct.
Ilottd is noted for hct glow and ltet' Itcctttate
throws to ﬁrst.

Rounding ottt tlte otttl'ield will be two tnotc
t't'eshtnen. Sue Cuba in left attd .lennilet
llansott itt right. I

A sopltontorc tt'ans‘l'er, Noreen l’yc will
share the etttcltittg duties with t‘reslttnttn
Monique Romano. nnotlter possible pitcher.

“There will be It lot ol' ehinese checkers
witlt many people moving arottttd depending
upon the pitclter." sItid Rhcnish.

Tlte Danes got Ittt extra day of practice
yesterday when Iltcy learned their gatne
against Pace in Manhattan was postponed
due to the snowstotttt. “We weren‘t happy
that it was postponed." said Rhettish. “We
want to play already."

 

Q

:3

:2
v

MONDAY:
Dance Canto
Prtnl and at"

TUESDAY and FRIDAY:

u by mm were
3175.00 Cuh Pill"

WEDNESDAY:
Special Event. thm
Chic! weekly Mar

:

todam-nattntma

 

SPRING BREAK ’84
I" Ft. lauderdale at

“new on the beach

FT MUDERDALE'S PREMIERE
CONCERT AND DANCE CLUB

10 am to 6 pm POOLSIDE PARTIES

LIVE D.J. EMCEEING POOLSIDE CONTESTS - FREE BEER CHUG RELAYS
FREE T-SHIRT RELAYS - THE BELLYFLOP CONTEST - COPPERTONE
LIMBO CONTEST AND CLIMAX THE DAY WITH  THE WmEST.
WET T-SHIRT CONTEST FEATURED IN PLAYBOY MAGAZINE
CASN PRIZES - FREE T-SHIRTS - AND OTHER GIVEAWAYS

7 pm to 8 pm COLLEGE HAPPY HOUR

SUNY at Albany— Monday. April 16. 1984
FREE ADMISSION FOR ABOVE CON-(DE swam: ON "Ill 0"!
BETWEEN I O‘CLOCK ANDB O’CLOCK WITH FIOPIR COLLIUILD.
ALL BAR DRINKS AND DRAFT aEEn - so:
comma tu me BEER cnuoome couras‘r Foa TROPHIES. PRIZES
SUMMERS on the beach presents...

FT. LAUDERDALE'S FINEST ROCK 'N ROLL BAND NIGHTLY PLUS OUR
INTERNATIONALLY ACCLAIMED DIJ. SPINNING THE BEST DANCE
MUSIC AND ALL DAY. ALL NIGHT MUSIC VIDEO.

cur Lttt'l an ~ r - r I ~ — — — — ‘— '—

SUNY at Albany .— Monday. April 16. 1984

NIGHTLY EVENTS

y. SATURDAY:

Come and Party till 3 AMI

~muurtn gm — — “ ~ “-

"Bnt Bun. on the Bush“ Contut I’HUHSDAV:
ll

Look to: Netlonel Concert Act-

SUNDAY:
Vldio Mullc Night
nun In our mu- mun new we rpm-t
art-m ttattt Inna bar-nu berm ut-
ONE FREE BAR DRINK OR DRAFT
0000 FROM 7-3 PM NIGHTLY
“In! MI [4! ‘ultmn

SUMMERS on at. man v m e Mum: Blvd. It Laud-mate. Flat-ac JJJII I tJOAI “IQ-awn
tum nt Blvd an AIM

I Itsmmc BﬁéAK ’84

 

“YOUR SPRING SPORTS HEADQUARTERS"

I! SOFTBALL UNIFORMS *

CUSTOM DESIGNED / LETTEFIED/ TEAM PHICESI
FAST S‘EFIVICE/ HATS l JERSEYS / GLOVES l BATS

LAQRQSSE - STICKS / GLOVES, ETC.
[ENNIS - HACQUETS / STRINGING

RUGBY - JERSEYS / CLEATS

FRISBEES

FOOTWEAR -SWEATS
Mtke DeFtossl Sports

1823 Western Ave-rue ' *
Albany. NY.

456-7630

Mott - Frt -
Sat - 10-5:00

10-8:00

'I'Itt' (itI/r/ Diu'llltlll ('t'ttltv‘
I738 ll‘t'ytt't'rt zil'i‘. t'strttttl't'
{(‘otttm'y plum)
Uri-5724
IIIIIII'\ ll'r'rl. ll-rt [III/rt. ll~lt
Fri. ll-tt‘ .S'III. Il-5
~li't' \Ii/I Iltll‘l‘ I/It' lotrml [meet on HA
t/Ittirly. lt/vtt't'II'II. t'ttt‘t't'tttty. I'It'. III‘ ltut't'
tll/l/t'l/ Ilttttt/ttttt/ HIllltl/ rt/tey. cur \IIII/I
It/tr/
[lt‘lIl/tl/IH to am loti'prtt't'rl/t'rttt. I'I't't't'ur
/II(’I‘(‘IIIL‘ u‘t'I/I [lltl't'lltht‘ tt/ t‘IIl'l'IlIl.‘\.

We hay and sell cstItle jewelry. scrap
gold and slltcr. oltl coins
l0 percent Discount on Itll lull sale items

 

 

 

 

installed 8y
Trained
Specialtltl

I
|
l
l
l
l
I
I
l
|
I
i
|
|
|
I
I
l
l
I

I:

 

FROM AS
LOW AS...

COUNT MUFFLER

AR SPECIALIST

Mineke”

it FITS
MANY
SMALL
CARS

*AT

PARTICIPATING
DEALERS

mun...“

ALBANY

491 Central Avenue...........438-1

(Just West at Partridge Street)

Individually Owned 8- Operated
IN AND OUT IN 30 MINUTES IN MOST CASES ‘

OPEN DAIlY AND 8‘18-6 PM

Cupyttuht It?) I 084 Melneke

'81

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Dean Chang
mot-m II: scours tmttm

At‘tcr a long lttyol’t‘ between seasons. the
Albany State men‘s tennis team would have
appreciated a weak opponent for tltcir t'irst
spring tnnteh. Skidtttore_.yt'tts thought to be
such a team. bttt they were far t'rottt being
pusltovcrs Sutitrday.

The Danes prevailed over Skidmore. 5-].
in It shortened match dtte to lack of court
time Itt tlte Saratoga Racquet Club. All
Coach Bob Lewis knew about Skidmore was
tltat they were just starting to build Iltcir pro-
gram. lte ltad no idea that they would pre-
sent .such stiff competition.

“They were a very good team, much to my
surprise," said Lewis. “Based on What we've

s-sg.

- ~ w-
mn-'-‘"’;~1

dottc in yettrs past. we should be able to bcnt
Skidmore handily. lhtt they had us very wor—
tied; they are going to b ' a three very soon."

Seve tl ot‘ the Danes shared Iltc opinion
that they weren‘t match-tough yet. “it‘s
tough to play sottteonc good ot'l‘ ol'jttst prac—
tices." said Tom Schtnitl. “We |Ia\ett‘l renl-
ly played in any tournaments since the tall."

('o-cttplain and first singles plItyct l)a\e
Ultich went down to defeat in what must be
considered to be an ttpsel. 6-]. 6-2. to Skid-
tnore's Roger Stein. According to Lewis
however. the result was ttot a I'lttke.

“Stein is a wry good player." said Lewis.
"Dave didn't play well; ltc seemed to be a lit—
Ile tight. ll' lte played like be normally does. it
would have been a close tttntclt. Not to lake

~~V..“\

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Third singles Rob Karen lost but the Albany State tennis team opened their season

lmpresslvely. 5-3 over Skidmore.

Rugby club results

The Albatty SIIItc Rugby Club‘s A-teItnI
slIttt ottt Plattsbttrgh Itt Uttit'ctsity' l~'icltl.
(H). on Saturday at'tcrnoon.

'l'he ll—tcztnt didn't I‘Itre Its well. They
were edged by i’lnttsbttt'glt 7-6.

The Ittttddy conditions was It problctn tor
botlt Ieatns. “We couldn't tely on out
quickness so we relied on ottr ‘pow ct tugby'
game." said Joe Mc 'nddct'.

Added prop Stu . itne“ liItItet. "We‘ve
got Ilte best sctttttt in Iltc state."

liill liattttgnn. who also plays
widct'eccivcr for tile Danes scotcd tlte only
points for Ilte A-teatn. Scott Reagan.
another Albany State I‘ootbnll player. cott-
vetted the extra point.

Upcoming events.

The men's baseball leatn will host
Iiingltzttnton today in a doubleheader at
bill) at University Field . . . The men's
lacrosse team will host RPI today at 3:00.
The stiekmen will face Union at ltottte on
Thursday at 3:00. . . The men's" tennis
team will travel to liinghantton today for a
3:00 match. On Thursday, tlte netmen will
take on Siena at ltotne . . . The women's
track' and ﬁeld team will go up against SDI”
lttgt'ield in an away meet at 3:00 . . . The
men‘s track and field team will host Rl’l on
Wednesday at 3:00 . . . The women‘s ten-
this team will play Skidmore away at 4:00 on
Wednesday . . . The women‘s sol'tbnll
teatn will host Sietta on Wednesday at 3:30.

Wheelchair hockey

The Alhatty State wheelchair hockc)’
team was narrowly defeated by llndson
Valley Community College. 6-4, on [Friday
Night in the University Gym.

 

SPORTS BRIEFS

A stetlittg perl'orntItnce was tttrtted in by
Tony l~crtctti, wlto cattch It hat ttick by
scoting ItlI ot Albany's goals. John Meurs
also did Ittt excellent job checking in the
corners.

"they were a tcttl good textttt." cont»
tncntctl captain Robert l’ipiIt. “l-tcn
though we lost. we Icatttctl It lot about how
to play physical hockey. lltcy wctc 1| \cty
physical tenttt."

.\lb;ttty ItIttIctl ,Irtl in Iitc litsl pctiod. bttt
gttttlic ltIttyI Sccly settled doth and Lillllk‘
ttp wttlt ctttcittl sates kecpittg tltc t'Ittttc
close. Albany cttt the lead to .172 itt tltc sc~
cotttl pctiod. littt Ihnt's Its close Its tltcy
would get. Hudson Valley iced tltc game
with two tttotc goals c\tctttlittg tltc lend to
5-2 itt tltc tltittl pctiotl.

Albany will play It tctttntch Itt'ttittst llttd-
son Valley lit the ttpcottting week.

The two tel‘crccs tor the gatttc wctc
\ttltttttc'cts. Dana | Ittyd and Tom l)olntt.

 

 

BOB LUCKEY UPS
Wheelchair hockey action on Friday
night at University gym.

 

 

 

TUBSDA Y APRIL 3. I984 t . ALBANY STUDENT mass sports .23.

Dane netmen beat Skidmore in season opener «c

anything away from Stein-~Ihnt guy's good."

Stein was a serve Itttd volley type ol' player.
Itttd lte took advantage ol' the last courts at
Snratoga. “We're ttsed to slow courts. and
those courts were very last." sttid Ulrich.
"liecattse of that. l was always late on the
hall. He had a good serve attd volley game.
and I didn‘t get a chance to get used to the
courts. lle Iltrew my tinting oil" and lie con-
stantly pttt pressure on ttte. When I tried to
pass ltittt. l was late on Ilte ball."

Second singles player Sclttnit/ cattte back
in the lace ot‘ del‘cItt to beat .litn L‘olctnan.
4-h.7-(i.(i-2. Schntit/ was dowtt a set Itttd was
hailing itt tlte second set. 3-5. tie held his
yerte and broke back to e\cn things up at five
games Itpicce. Al'tcr holding serve to go up
6-5. Schntit/ had a chance to break again.
With tlte lZIh gatne tied at three. tlte dccisitc
point was on Ilte littc. Sclttttit/ hit the ball
ctosscoutt wltete ('olctnun Iettttnctl it.
Scltntit/ tltcti bit It miles down the line that
was tut apparent wittttct'. bttt not in
Coleman‘s eyes. Much to Sclttttit/‘s shock
and dismay. ('olctnan called tltc ball out.

“lie was ctosscotut when l IIit the shot.
attd tltetc‘s tio way he cottld Ilti\L’ scett the
shot cIcIttly.” said HclttIIiI/. "i had It hcltct
angle and I thought It was III. \\ c .ttgttcd lot
It while. bttt hey -—it's his call."

the set ttttwcd to It ticbtcakct Ittttt Sclttnit.’
l‘ottttd hitttscll' down. ,i-l. It's possible that
the bad call disttttbcd Sclttnit/ to the poittt ot
losing his conccnttatiott. bttt Itc tcgatttctl it
ittst in little. the sopltottiotc took the IIc\I
the points Itttd went on to win the ttcbteItkct.

llte thitd set was won tlecisitcly b_\
St-lttttitz. “l was playing like i sltottld iii the
third set." said Sclttttiu. "Alter I won the
ti'ebtcakei. I became much Ittotc cont'itlcnt.”

l'hitd s'ittglcs pIIIy r Rob Karen. still l'ch-
ittg tlte ettccts ol' an injttty to ltis t'inget. lost
to .lolttt l ctittson. ~l-(i.(t-l.7-5. The en-
cItptItiu wasn‘t c\pcctctl to play tttttch iii the
beginning ol' Ilte year. and is still trying to
regain tltc l'ttttn that tttade him It I'ottr-tinte
:s'UNYAc champion.

"Karen looked rusty." said |.cwis. "lie
det'initcly wasn‘t ntatch»tottgh. Due tohis in-
jury lte hadn't played much. liased on what
ltc did in Ilte t'all. i let him play lilil‘tI sitthL‘s.

Maybe I should have played him fourth."

Day-id (irosstnan took l'ourth singles in an
impressive 6-t. 6-2 win over Tim Prince.
Sixth singles player Mike Dermansky
det‘eated llrItd Smith. 7-6, 6-3. Both players
were \et‘y strong. never really letting their op-
ponents gel in the tttateItes’.

t-‘iI‘tlI singles player Jay Eisenberg had a bit
tougher time of it. as Skidntore's Oliver
Kit‘tttscr took ltittt to three sets. 6-l. 3-6. 6-4.
“Itisettbct'g hrcered through the first set but
then struggled in Iltc second." said Lewis.
"lie just probably lost his concentration."

liisenberg was not satisfied with his perfor-
mance “It's a lot dit‘l‘erent front practice.”
sItid liiscnherg. “l tightened up in tire second
set. i tttissed a few halls. hit tt couple out, and
bct'ot'c l kttcw it. we \ tie in the third .set."

Iltc sophomore was one of several that
thought that it' the two teattis met again IﬂlL‘t'
ill the )L'ill. the winning margin would have
beett target. “it i had to play ltittt again. it
wouldn't he that close." said liisettbct'g.
"\\'c need matches. [I we played them in a
week. we would sltttt tltettt out."

lltc Ilutd doubles teant ot' litsenbctg and
Mitchell ( ictbct !ost to the dotthles cotttbtnn-
[Hill/Ill Prince and Kitntscr. (v3. 75 ’llte
tlctcat ttt.tdc Ilte scotc. Albany 'twct Skid-
ttttItt'. J i. the |)Itttcs had to get one poittt
ltottt then two tctttnittittg tlottblcs tcuttts to
clutch thc \ictoty. \\'tt|I eotut tittte dwindl-
tug. tltc two dccidine matches were tcdttccd
to eight L'IIlllL‘ pto sL’ls.

Itctt with that reduction. ttcitltet match
was played to cotttpletion. Ultich rand
(Itossttttut wctc leading tltcit Inateh. 7-5.
when tltc cotttts had to bcclctttcd. the match
was .thIIIch to Albany. tlttts clinching the
yictuty. |Itc second dottbles tandem ot'
St'lttttit/ and Karen didn‘t c\cn t'inish tltcit
Itttttclt.

.\s It whole. Albany didn't play that well.
nccottlittg to lewis. “We still tteed sottte
wotk.“ said i cwis. “Nevertheless. Skidmore
is It good addition to our schedule." The
cotttpetition won't get any casict tltis coming
wcck. as tltc Danes ttatel to liittghanttott to-
day to thee the team that l'ittished Iltird itt Ilte
SUNYAt's, With one tttatclt ttttder their
belts. tlte tcattt sltottld l'cel more
cotnl‘otttthlc. '

Nettles traded because he
showed The Boss ‘BaIIs’

Stilt Dittuo
tAl’tUraig Nettles. budding attIltor. ap-
l‘iltCttl‘I)‘ pttllctl ott‘ what (itaig thtlcs.
baseball player. cottldtt't~- .I Made l’totn the
New York Yttttkecs ill the San l)tcgo l’ntlres.

Nettles. lot it years tltc I'Itttkccs' tIIItittstIty
Itt thitd base and captain ol the club the last
two moons. had ttictl without success to
lttttc hitttscll swuppcd to tltc I‘adtcs. who
ttttctdlt' near his Itotttctowtt III Del Mar.
\‘Itttkeel’tttltcs ttIttlc tutttots |t.td sttttIIcctl
scyetal Iitttcs itt tltc past. bttt it was only wltctt
Nettlcs' l'otthcotttittg book. tttlcd Hill/y
Itcttrcd publication that tlte tIIttle came off.

llte New Yolk Daily News tepotted Sutt-
tltty that it had gotten a "sneak ptctiew" ol'
the book. which it said was patticttlatly
ctiticttl of Yankee owner (icotgc Sleittbt'en-
ncr. And the Daily News hinted that the book
was tlte real reason Nettles was hustled oil to
('alil'ornia. The Yankees announced last I'TI»
day that Nettles ltad been traded I‘or let'-
tltanded pitcher Dennis Rasmussen Itttd a
player to be nntned later. “The book is com-
ing ottt itt about a week." Nettles .said during
It ptcss cottl'erettce Saturday night at SKI.
San Diego's Lindbergh I’ield.“ll's‘ about
things that went on in ttty carch with tlte
Yankees. The owttcr seems to be a little Iter-
runs about it but lte gets neriotts about a lot
ot‘ tltittgs.

“i don‘t think tltere'll be any problems."
Nettles added. “i know I wouldn't have l'clt
uncontl‘ottable staying with tile bItllclttb, be—
ing around Ilte players. i don‘t Ihnk anyone
will take offense to it."

Still. the 39-year-old Nettles said he was
"more tltntt happy to ()K the Itnde.” which
rescued hint I'rotn tltc prospect ot‘ spending
the year on the Yankee bench. ‘

"l l'elt when I signed tlte two-year. SILK
nttlliotI conttnct last vet . l'd be tltcir third
baseman.“ Nettles said. “Then they went ottt

Itntl IIItltIL‘ It deal and got another tltird
bnsctttntt. t’ohy llItrralI from the (.‘lcveland
lndians. which cttt ttty playing time itt halt‘.
then they moved Roy Stitttllcy back to tltird
base and it looked like tlte tlttec of Its wctc
going to sham the job. that ttteattt about 50
games It yeat Itttd that ittst didn‘t sit well will]
the."

lite Iratlc tttndc an Ittstattt substitute ol~
I III“ N'IIIIt/Itt. whtt ltnd been pctthch In Its tlte
l‘IIdIcs‘ stat'tct when Iheclub btokc catttp last
week. i tghtcctt hottt's Itl'tcr arriving Ill town.
Nettlcs stItttcd Sunday's cyltihittott game
Itgaitwt ltostott.

“I‘m disappointed. httt IhIII's baseball."
SIIlIt/Ltt said alter the 5-2 loss to the Red Sox.
"I‘ll ptobItbly play sotttc defense in the late
innings at tltird base attd itt the outﬁeld.

llc tNettlcs) is going to latch tttc a lot
about plI ing third." SalIt/Itr said. "He's got
a lot of esperiettce nttd he's going to help tlte
team. no question."

Nettles. whose 333 career ltottte rttns is the
most ever for an American League third
baseman, is ticketed to start Tuesday night‘s
season opener against Pittsburgh. Padres
Manager Dick Williams said that Salazar. It
right-handed battet', would start Thursday's
game against Pittsburgh let'lhander Larry
MeWiIliatns. l.I

 

Come to see an
Albany State-
Bin 9 h a m to n
doubleheader to-
:day at 1 pm. at
University Field

 

 

v. s—s . .

we. nun-5 w
.m........ I»

I ‘L_:. -.; .-.';.,_..,...,..

 

