 

' EDlTORIA L‘

A'Themessage, the methOd in ’

. onald Reagan has proved once again why he deserves
the title. “the great communicator." His State of the
Union Message Wednesday night was a tour deform
of political speechmaking. In ligltt of his almost certaitt an-
nouncement this Monday to seek reelection. the State of the
Union Message should more appropriately hate been labell-
ed “The Strategy of the Reagan Reelection Campaign
Message." Tlte actor-turncd-president managed to
transform a collection of ludicrous lies. cotton-candy
rhetoriCLand nebulous political offerings into a trittmpltant
affirmation of the substance and spirit of iris presidettcy.
As predicted. one of the key strategies of the Reagan carri-
paign will be to sltift the president more towards the center.
to dissolvethe image of Reagan the staunch conservative.
This image has been the focus of Democratic critictstn of
presidential rhetoric and policy. To remake Reagan into
more of a moderate would accomplish two things: first. it
would neutralize this criticism and steal from the Democrats
their favorite plan of attack; second, it would force
Democratic candidates further towards the left. attd a
stronger liberal position. weakening their appeal among the
large moderate and slightly conservative cottstitttency. in his
speech. Reagan attempted to whitewash his right-wing past
beneath a veneer of irresistably good intctttions. l-le alluded
time and again to the ideal of non-discrimination. an ideal
which has fared rather poorly in the hands of ltis Administra-
tion. causing furor over interference with the Civil Rights
Commission. and sexual inequality within the federal govern-

} tttent. He proposed a surprisingincrcasc for the budget ol the
EPA. which. dttring the past three years littsliccn'a trtttte
presence in cotubtttling the devastating policies til".ltttttcs
“att. attd the big business l'tnoritisttt oi R 'ttgtutomtcs. littt
the most obscene of Reagan‘s attempts at. ncwlouutl modera-
tion was his call for peace with the Soviet Utttott. llcrc Is the
tutttt who almost singlclutndcdly sent Soviet-Atttcrtcttn rela-
tions ittto the deep free/c. suddenly suggesting that hulll'hltitfs
“do ttw'ttv with (nuclear weapons) entirely." and tlcpicttug
tttopiatt visions of peace and harmony at which “llilc whole
world will rejoice." If only ('ongrcss and the Stntcts wottid
follow his call (sigh). llis rhetoric. though ottly tettttottsly
resembling the Reality outside the spotlight. is so perlccll)’
inspiring that to deny it is to deny all the highest sptrttual
values of human c\istcncc. ‘ '
Reagan's ttppcal to the people of the Smict Union tl-
lumitttttcs another of his unbeatable rhetorical tactics —. tak-
ing the blame for nothing anti shifting the burden of respon-
sibility onto tltc shoulders of his adversaries. It is now up to
the Russians to follow Reagan's dramatic plea for peace. if
they reject Re ltt's policies. then it appears that tltcy are re-
jecting the idea of peace. Ccrt‘tinly their fault. attd ttot his.
His string of so-cttllcd “bipartisan” commissions have dotte
littlc bttt to back up the president on sticky issttcs. so that his
once ttttpopttlttr goals could become rallying points for con-
gressional cooperation. Reagan wrigglcs ottt of the spotlight.
and puts the heat on 'Congress to adopt his uncompromising
compromises. Dttring ltis speech he itnplorcd. and even dared

Congress to join his crusade for peace. pttwlmily and
freedom. Again rejection of his policies would imply “in.
tion of these values. vindicating the president tttttl not...
Congress appear at fault. When he calls ttttclvar tttiwtt-i
"peacekeepers" attd asserts that ll ts the link oi the Itlililatt
to prevent war. he is creating it pcrtctsiott ot the [till ttntltit}
ideal so fantastic that it leaves ltint almost beyond It‘llltmrh

It would be a waste of titnc to construct a littc-bylittettt-
dictmcnt of Reagan's speech. it is illlllttsl \t-It may,“ m
hehittd the inspiring rhetoric is a man who ll.t\ bctt.t_\ctlctt-tt
progressive and positive value ltc claims to mutt”... \
responsible citizens —— ttttd potential \Ulcts wc lllthi tttt
tnorc than indict the president's hypocttsy tlll‘ti tit‘lll‘lllitt‘lilt
particulars of his proposals. At tltc corc oi lilt' ,tt.»...|...[-.
words was not a message but a method. ||c i» tto lot”... H”...
ingI the country; he is running for reelection

ltt November [980. it was e\tt';t-ditt'icutt ltII \llltit'lllsto
make their voices heard iii the prcsitlcttttal t‘it'rtlott.
‘l‘hrough long and hard battles. two polling plates hum"..-
bcen established on campus. ltt Notcmbcr 19m. out t...“
will be ltcard. Reagan's State of the Union \tltitt'\\ \\:It ..
baptism ittto the l9ti4 campaign season. to In- tt-tptttttttttt
and effective voters. we must pcct beyond tltc \Illl.t.-.‘
messages of campaign rhetoric and ittto lilt' tcttl |ttlii|t..tl
heart of the candidates' intentions. A kccn c\c this \|\litlt’
will tnnke for an enlightened vote tte.\t lttll. litt‘ thvtott. \HH
come and go. bttt when tlte ltot illl' blows tt\L'|. the [itch
behind it will still be nrottnd.

 

COLUMN

Teaching over research?

Professor Myron Taylor‘s article “Why not the best for
SUNYA" in the December 6. 1983 issue of ASP mttst not
pass unchallenged. for it not only calls for something that is
not “best” for SUNYA but also contains several gross
distortions of its history and reality. No one should quarrel
with his argument that the University must try to improve
undergraduate teaching and that there is greater need for
rewarding excellent teaching. But. it does not necessarily
follow that the major impediment to progress in this area is
our emphasis on scholarship and graduate education.

SungBokKim ~ 7

There is no fundamental conflict and tension between
scholarship and teaching. To be sure. a good scholar will not
automatically make a good teacher. Yet. I do not believe that
a professor who does not engage in serious research of
his/her own nor keep up with others' scholarly works would
be a good teacher. A scholarly teacher is more likely to teach
better than an unscholarly counterpart in that the fornter
gives lectures which reflect more authority and conviction
and are richer in content. sharper in analysis and imagina-
tion. and more comprehensive in coverage and more balanc-
ed in judgment. The symbiotic relationship between quality
undergraduate teaching and good research/scholarship is
revealed by the fact-that both fine undergraduate students
and fine faculty members were attracted to this institution
because of the school’s reputation as a university center com<
mitted to fine teaching and scholarship. The steady improve-
ment in the caliber of our undergraduate students in the 70's
and early 80's. a record which no one can deny. coincided
with the maturing of our graduate programs. Professor
Taylor would like us to believe that the quality of the
students got better despite “all the wrong decisions" the
university allegedly made. such as “cutting” its
undergraduate programs and diverting the money to “its
graduate efforts." This is indeed a strange theory of cattsa»
tion for what happened to our undergraduate students.

Implicit in Professor Taylor‘s comments is a devaluation
of research and graduate education. If we accept his argu-
ment. this university should cease to enjoy its university
center status; it would then turn into either'a king-size fottr
year state college or a king-size community college; it would
rapidly lose our ﬁne scholarly teachers as well as ottr tnorc
gifted students. in other words. this university would become
a third rate school incapable of providing quality education
at every level. i believe that this university center. thanks to
its graduate and research emphases. offers better. more
diverse and richer academic programs. opportunities and ex-
periences. and a more intellectually exciting milictt for our
undergraduate students than four- or two-year colleges can
do. Does Professor Taylor’s vision and model never go
beyond the four year college? l hope not.

There are several other points in Professor Taylor‘s article
that deserve scrutiny. He writes that this university since 1976
has “cut its undergraduate programs" with vengeance. The
record of the university does not bear this out. Furthermore.
he should have also pointed out that the university during the
same period has done a surgical job on our doctoral pro-
grams: it eliminated Ph.D. programs in Classics. French.
Romance. Languages. Philosophy, Educational and Social
Thought. Instruction. Astronomy and Political Economy,
withdrew doctoral program proposals in Business “ '

 

 

 

and Library and Information Sciences. and suspended for a
while Ph.D. programs in Chemistry and Sociology. in l977
the University abandoned its efforts to restore the History
and English Ph.D. programs. Our university landscape is
dotted more with doctoral care. : s titan with undergraduate
victims. it is also important to note that some of the funds
saved from the removal of tltese doctoral programs have
been given to the undergraduate computer science. business.
and criminal justice programs. among others!

Professor Taylor says that since the recommendations of
the Select Committee in l976. “the university has not
established new priorities." Apparently. he must have been
sleeping all this time. i would suggest that he read several an-
nttal “Programs and Priorities" issued by the university since
l976 which would show clearly in which direction this cam-
ptts has been going. We may disagree with the priorities. bttt
we must concede that faculty attd administration have long

‘ been working hard improving the quality of teaching here.

Professor Taylor also says that the university does not take
undergraduate teaching seriously. He is patctttly wrong.
Before he made such an as ertion. he should have studied the
Senate bill on peer CVﬂiu’iLLIOII of teaching. the introduction
of university teaching and advising awards. and the develop-
ment of LEAP and general education requirements for
undergraduate students. to mention just a few.

Speaking of the alleged ttttiversity neglect of the
undergraduate studentsV need. i would like to remind Pro-
fessor Taylor that the university governance structure
enables them to take care of themselves. Unlike our graduate
students. they are well organized politically and smart
enough to exploit the system in favor of their interests. Judg-
ing from my own experience. it appears that it is rather our

 

 

graduate students who are tliscnl'ranclusctl and at
underclass. It is probably long overdue for thc uttucttttt ttt
tnodify the system of rcprescniation itt faint ot t'ltltilltllt
students. for no other reason than to bct'it tltc tlllitt‘ltllt
center character of this university.

Lastly. it is wrong attd unfair for l’l'niL‘sxtIl laylot ltl
generalize about the university‘s policy and ptacttt't- ttottt lilt'
perspective of the English Department with lt't‘itlti to lilt' [bit
of adjttnct professors and teaching assistants and class \l/t‘
Whatever he says about the English Depattmcnt .tllti t)lilt'l~t~
not true of the History Department: the llistott [leptttllllt‘lil
does not assign "the lower divsion" claw. to “it‘\\
qualified" teachers; it does not give a fat payrhcck to then
who teach fcwcr stttdcnts' ttor does it gii c lllv "It-wot
salaries" to those carrying the “heaviest it'iltillllt' |L'\[l\‘il'
sibilities." Just to show the compatibility bctwct-tt litlt‘ti
teaching and good scholarship. let the cite what in Lttttiltttt in
me. the experience of the History Department til thc PtN tut
years. The department has produced si\ t‘ht'licltt't‘ Ith
teaching award winners. two ncadetuic ttt|\isin_t- .tw.tttt \\||l-
tiers. and one research award winner and at tltc \.tttlt' liltlctt
great majority of its faculty have published a ltttt'c llttlllilt'i wt
fine scholarly books and articles. l have ctcty lt'.tsti|1[till‘.‘
vcry proud of the departmental achievements. | i‘t'ilt'\t' that
the History Department‘s record is perhaps llitllt' HI‘N' “’
“‘9 unlvcrﬁilY's record in general. i do not know wlt.tt itl
recommend to one who chooses to be blind to lilL‘ llllt‘ [‘lt"
grcss this ttrtivcrsity has tirade over the past tlecntlc.

 

The ant/tor is a profusion of historv mtrl chutrttttttt 0/ Ith
(le/Jarmtenl u! SUN YA.

 

3 mots)
i m on “4-1)
com. mu Snmu

“ on THE BRIGHTSIDE, meow manor. FDR NUCLEAR WAR."

Mm..w.u~...no~4

vi
._.. _.__,,.....,--t..t.__._ ‘

\

 

 

 

 

ect

ry 27. 1984

Long Lost

Indian

Parables

Recovered .

 

 

 

