   

 

 

 

Manny stops/streams

.nv

 

worldwide ‘ ,
Rebate shootsoldlers
San Salvador. El Salvador

(AP) Leftist rebels executed 29 soldiers who
surrendered after heavy lighting lll nor-

theastern El Salvador. a Salvadoran army

spokesman said. -

Tllere was no immediate reaction to tile
report Wednesday from- guerrilla forces
fighting the U.S. hacked Salvadorian govern-
nlent. -.

Army spokesman Col. Richard Cienl‘uegos

said leftist rebels silol 23 soldiers and Six civil
defense patrolmen in the head Wednesday
after they had given themselves tip to guer-
'lllas at a military post. 35 miles northeast of
ban Salvador. | I " ‘.
' Civilian sotlrccs.requestillg anonymity l’or'
fear of rcpristtls. said about five helicopters
find two air force pialtcs lilaciiine-gllnncd and
bombed suspected rebel positiolis. They said
civilians in the area were fleeing.

.

Gemayel defeated '

' Tel Aviv. Israel

(AP) Tile defeat of Lebanese President Alnin

Ccnltl)‘cl'5‘tlflll)‘ by Syrian-backed militiamen

has enhanced Syria's standing as a leader ill

the Arab world and could torpedo i'llltll'e

peace efforts in the Middle I-Zast. Israeli
analysts say.

“The efforts are bound to be littlcll lilorc
inﬂuenced by Syria. It's not a good olilcn for
the peace process." said Yossi Olmert. one of
lsrael's most respected analysis of Mideast
affairs. 1

Olmert and other Israeli analysts said tllat

if Gcmayel. a Mal'onile Catholic. wants to
finish the 4'/: years remaining in his six-year
terni of office. he will probably succumb to
Syrian pressure to abrogate the U.S. spon-
sored israel- Lebanon agreement for a phased
withdrawal of Israeli troops from Lebanon.
rilblkliugﬂ‘itm il‘iiil-‘iféﬂlllh‘llilfi'ﬁ‘ith
cord is only the second pact it has negotiated
with an Arab stale. following the I979 peace
treaty with Egypt. The analysts dotlbted that
the Syrians want a military confrontation
with Israel over Lebanon.

Nationwide

Astronauts ﬂy tree

 

 

 

C tlpt‘ Canaveral. Fl.
(AP) Challengcr‘s daredevil spacewalkcrs.
again ilying free and ttlrning somersaults in
space. abandoned a plan to dock with a slow-
spinnirig box Thursday because of trouble
with the shtlttie‘s robot arm. Instead they
linked successfully with a stationary metal
pin in a test of human ability to capture a
disabled satellite.

And the Challcngcr's comlnandcr got
some unscheduled practice in resetting a
stranded astronaut when a foot restraint
floated out of the sllultle's cargo bay and he
steered close enough for one of tilt:-
spacewalkers to snare it.

That set the tone for a free-wheeling. wise-

FRIDAY. reckons v to. .1954

 

ed down to the business at hand: Testing
techniques for grappling. repairing and
refueling crippled payloads.

The cancellation of the hookup with a
large box rotating very slowly on the end of
the arm was a disappointment. because it hlid

“wrist” on the 50-foot mechanical urn wall
not move: properly. But the utromﬂ
sllbslitutcd the metal‘ pin on a work station
box. -

Investigation closed

Was/ting on. D. C.
(AP) The Pentagon has closed its l\ivcsliga-

' lion of the Oct. 23 suicide attack c Marine
headquarters in Beirut without strong
criticism of any military ' s.

been a major goal of the space__wulk. The .

 
   

Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker. who told
the Senate Banking Committee that failing to
reduce government red ink from the 5180
billior or more a year forecast by the ad-
ministration. was like playing “Russian
r0ulette."

Treasury Secretary Donald Regan. a
staunch defender of the president's new pro-
gram. told the Senate Appropriations Com-
mittee that if the deficit; stayed high and pro-
per monetary and fiscal policies were not
followed. he could foresee the “possibility of
our slipping back into recession again In the
“tilted States.”

 

 

althougil sotnc officers will receive mild
disciplinary letters.

“Non-punitive letters of instruction" will
go to an unspecified number of officers
whose names won't be made public because
of the federal Privacy Act. Navy Secretary

 

 

cracking excursion. But the two quickly settl-

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

 

.loiin Lehman said in a statement issued
Wednesday.

A special Defense Department commission
that investigated the attack issued a report on
Dec. Zti that singled out two Marine officers
— Col. Timothy Geraghty and Lt. Col.
Larry (ieriach.

(ieragllty commanded the Marine llllit
\tlliclt was bombed and Geriacll was its bat-
talioli landing learn commander. A total of
241 U.S. servicemen died ill the lnassaerc.

Deficit danger cited

Washington. DC.
(AP) Recession warnings are suddenly being
sounded by the government's top economic
officials. scarcely a week after President
Reagan presented his new budget forecasting
years of prosperity.

No imminent dangers. the officials said in
congressional testimony on Wednesday. But
their talk of deficits and a new national
downturn was a far cry from the words of

revival the administration had been em-
phasizing only days earlier.

LILCO raises doubts

Wes/bury

(AP) The Long Island Lighting Co.‘s new

chairman says "hi retrospect." he believes

the building of the Slioreiiam nuclear plant

probably was a mistake and the company
might consider abandoning it.

Bill that cotlrse “has not been spoken

 

about seriously." William Caincosinos said
Wednesday. and another option that “we
would welcome discussions on" is tllc pur-
chase of the plant by the state Power
Authority.

Suffolk County officials. including
Cohalan. have said Shoreham should never
be allowed to operate because it is impossible
to develop a workable evacuation plan in the
event of an emergency. "

Rice contaminated

Albany
(AP) Twice the recommended amount of the
pesticide and suspected carcinogen ethylene
dibromide (EDB) has been found in a sample
of rice purchased in Brooklyn and the
Houston-based prodticer has been ordered by
the state Department of Agriculture and
Markets to recall the product. according to

 

the department.

' The day's first alarm came from Federal.

 

 

Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets
Joseph Gerace slild today he has directed Ri.
viana Foods of Houston to recall the lot of
Carolina Enriched Rice. Extra Long Grain.
that is coded “3l8 M38." Department in.
spectors seized 4i .564 pounds of other lots of
the rice for further testing.

Gerace_said that 351 parts of EDI! per

.billlon were found in a sample of the rice.
EnvironmentaLProlcctlon Agency guinea"...
allow a limit, of i50 parts per billion. Th.‘
department advised consumers to check the
code of rice in their homes.

Guardian Angels patrol

‘ Buffalo
(AP) Police have beefed up patrols and the
Guardian Angels crime-fighting organization
is joining in efforts to protect small children
following a series of sexual attacks and
molestations of youngsters on the city‘s East
Side.

Extra police cruised the neighborhood
around School 54 Wednesday after a 6—year-
old girl reportedly was almost molested.

Curtis Sliwa. national founder of the
Guardian Angels. said members of Ills
organization will be stationed at strategic
street corners in the city‘s Mastcn and l‘lllll
Belt neighborhoods during the late afternoon
and early evenings when most of thc allitcks
have occurred.

He said the Buffalo headquarters has
received 18 phone calls from people wanting
the Guardian Angels to help protect the
children. He said the presence of members of
his organization would act as a deterrent.

 

Correction

Last Tuesday's issue carried a picture of
swimmer Jeff Kennedy that was rtln with
the women’s swimming article on the back
page and was incorrectly identified as Mary
Anne Schmidt. The ASP regrets the error.

 

 

 

 

  

 

Free listings

The Class of 1984 will hold a
planning meeting Sunday,
February 12. at 5 p.m.. In the
Physics Building. room 129.
All Interested In senior pro-
gramming should attend.

“A Roi-Int in the Sun." starring
Sidney Poitier, will be shown
Saturday, February 11. at 8
p.m.. and Sunday. February 12.
at 7 p.m.. at Russet Sage Col-
lege. Admission will be $1. ‘
Pro-Health Professionals club
will present Dr. Ron Woik, ad-
missions director of Upstate
Medical College. on Monday

 

February 13. at 7 pm. In Lec-
.ture Center 6.

"The Torture of Mothers." a
film feature of Black History
Month, will be shown Satur-
day. February 11. at 2 pm. In
the Orientation Theater of the
New York State Museum.
Senate Majority Leader War-
ren M. Anderson will speak on
February 14. at 10 am. at Her-
manus Bleeker Hall of the
Albany Public Library.
Summer Study In Germany will
be the topic of a meeting on
Monday. February 13. at 1:80
p.m. in the Humanities
Building, room 290. The

meeting wIIi be sponsored by
the Office of International Pro~
grams.

Study In Israel will be the topic
of a meeting on Monday,
February 13. at 3 pm. in the
Humantles Building. room 354.
The meeting will be sponsored
by the Office of international
Programs.

A Pat Metheny Concert will be
presented by University Con-
cert Board on Monday.
February 13. at 8 pm. at Page
Hall. Tickets will cost $6 for
tax card holders. and $9 for

' those without tax cards.

Northeastern Association of
the Blind will hold Its Sixth An-
nual Radiothon on Friday.
February 10. and Saturday.
February 11. at CoionIe Shopp-
Ing Center. A “Showcase of
Talent" will be presented.

The Class Council of 1987 will
meet this Sunday. February
12. at 5 pm. outside the Stu-
dent Association office In the
Campus Center. All freshmen
are welcome.

Returning Students will hold
an open house Tuesday,
February 14. 11:30 am. In the
Campus Center Assembly
Hall. Light refreshments and

child care will be provided.

A Budweiser Beach Party will
be held Saturday. February 11.
9 pm. to 1 am. In the Campus
Center Ballroom. The party,
sponsored by the Muscular
Dystrophy Association. will
feature bathing .suit contests
and door prizes. ‘

A Writer's Workshop on the
Novelty of Romance will be
held Saturday, February 11. at’
10 am. at the Jazzerclse
Studio In Styvesant Plaza. The
all-day workshop will cost $15
per person. and will be spon-
sored by the Capital District
Humanities Program.

 

 

 

 

 

NYPIRG survey bares student concerns.  . f

 

 

 

I

- » FRIDA Y.

Opposition shown to. increases in drinking age, tuition

By Eric Hindln
startr WRITER

The results of it student survey conducted
by the New York State Public Interest
Research Group. Inc. (NYPIRG) were releas-
ed Monday showing. according to Project
Coordinator Paul Herrick. that there is. “a
clear mandate from students on these (the
survey) issues."

The survey. conducted last week in the'
Campus Center. asked students their opi-
nions on several Important Issues such as the
2l-year-old drinking age. the proposed tui~
tion increase. and the problem of toxic waste
cleanup. Seven hundred and forty students
were polled.

The results are signiﬁcant. he added.
because students can make a difference in the
upcoming I984 elections. The survey revealed ‘
that a promising 77 percent of SUNYA
students are registered to vote. and
NYPIRO's goal. according to Herrick. is a 60
percent voter turnout rate at the I984 elec-
tions. A

More than 70 percent of students polled
oppose any legislative effort to raise the
drinking age to 2]. NYPIRG. says Herrick.

also opposes the proposed raise. and is urging
the New York State legislature to adopt other
“more effective” methods to contend with
the problem of drunk driving.

The key. says Herrick. is the education of
drivers before they get their drivers license.
greater enforcement of present laws. and
rehabilitation of offenders, so they do not
become repeat offenders. Right now. says
Herrick. a Driving While Intoxicated (DWI)
arrest usually involves. as punishment. exten-
sive education of the arrested as to the effects
of alcohol and the consequences of being
caught while driving intoxicated.

This education. according to Herrick.
should take place before a drivers license is
issued. “In Scandanuvlan Countries." adds
Herrick. “when one is caught driving intox-
icated. their drivers license is usually revoked
on the spot." As such. says Herrick. the fate
of drunk driving is considerably less than that
in the United States. "United States citizens.
like those of the Seandanavian countrleS.
must be made to realize that a drivers license
is a revokable priVilegc. "01 somelh'n '0 be
taken for granted."

Herrick believes that this is the only “fa? '0
effectively reduce cases of drunk dr‘lVlnE-
Herrick also questions whether the ralsmg 0i
the drinking age to 19 was as effective aslt
seems. in reducing drunk driVins 685% While
a decline in fatalities involving drank drwcfs
under the age of 19 did coincide With the rats-
ed drinking age. Herrick “0195 “‘a‘ “.““‘33

this same time period. there was a decline in
the fatality rate for persons of 3“ 38°5- He"
rick attributes this chant;c ‘0 a general
crackdown by authorities on drunk drivers.
During this period. "0‘05 Herrith DWI a"

21?
27.2% yes
70.I% no
2. 7% no answer

78.5% yes
[8.6% no
2.8% no answer
If yes. how?
68. 7% misc corpora/e taxes

9.5% cur other social services
l3.l% other/specify" military 2.6%

York State? (choose any or all)
7.5% state government
6.4% federal government
61.2% corporations that dump

 

_
I. Should New York State raise the drinking age to ‘

2. Should the SUNY tuition increase be prevented?

5.8% raise personal income or sales tax

3. Who is responsible for paying for the clean-up of
toxic chemical pollution in landfills across New

Explain (optional
[3. 6% char: all

9.9% some combination

I% no answer

4. Are you registered to vote?

77.3% yes
22.6% no

5. If eligible to vote. did you vote In Inst November‘s

election?
43. l% yes
6. 6% no

If yes. In Albany or at home?

55.6% Albany
fl. 4% home

NOTE: 740 Iolal respondents
Survey conducled January 3/. February .7

FEBRUAR Y— 10.4934 t3 AMAle sirubtiiiirii’it‘ 'Ss 

H - -  I'V‘nll'l .4 p.

):

 

 

rest rates were up. road checks were set up by
local trafﬁc ofﬁcials throughout the state.
anti-drinking commercials were aired on
television and public awareness of the effects
of alcohol increased. Ofﬁcials of the judicial
system also cracked down on arrested drunk
drivers. thus. according to Herrick. decreas-
ing the number of repeat offenders.

Student nucllon

Ed Shoulkin. a SUNYA student who took
NYPIRG's survey. explained his reason for
not supporting the proposed 21-year-old
drinking age. “I believe the federal govern—
ment should establish a uniform drinking age
for all 50 states. and this age should be con.
sistent with present policies regarding voting.
taxation. and military service."

Orhan Dogan. who also took NYPIRG‘s
survey represents the twenty-seven percent
who favored raising the drinking use to
twenty-one. “I believe." said Dogan. “that
students must be"muture enough to realize
that the beneﬁts of a twcnty-one-ycar-old
drinking age would outweigh the personal
sacrifice students would have to make." I

Not surprisingly. nearly four out of five
SUNYA students surveyed think the propos-
ed tuition inerease should be prevented. Stu-
dent opinions on these subjects. stressed Her-
rick. are not merely expressions of-one suself
interests. “Students.” says Herrick. are
well read on these issues. and express respon-
sible. well-educated viewpoints." It 'IS the
belief of NYPIRG. along with two-thirds of
SUNYA students surveyed. that rather than

increase tuition to raise needed revenue. cor-
porate taxes should be increasch ‘
"Corporations are effective in making
legislatures believe that they base decisions
concerning where to locate on a status cor-

 

 

As part of the c
gave a reading 0
dlence Tuesday at 4 pm. Her p

 

 

situations affecting women and blacks.
political perspectives.

ERICA SPIEGALUPS

i Audie Lorde
I bratlon of Black History Month on campus. poe

efiler works before a crowded Campus Center Assembly Hall au-
rovocatlve and Insightful poems focused upon
and combined both personal and

porale tax system." says Herrick. As such. he
adds. New York's tax system is inequitable.
NYPIRG has done studies. according to Her-
rick. which prove that corporations base
their decision concerning where to locate

primarily on an evaluation of the available

work force. and as such. corporations who
will benefit the most from a skilled and
educated labor force. should help pay the
cost. through increased taxes.

Shoulkin and Dogan were both against the
proposed tuition increase. “A5 I understand
it." said Shoulkin. “this is the only service
increase in this year‘s state budget."

Toxic cleanup ,

When asked about the cleanup of toxic
chemical pollution in landﬁlls. 61 percent of
students surveyed said that corporations that
dump are solely responsible for cleanup

can“. An even greater percentnng of the
respondents. nearly 85 percent. said that such

corporations should at least share that,
responsibility with the'statc or federal
government.

“A great majority of students not only
agree on issues that effect them 'as students.
they agree on issues that effect them as
citizens." says Herrick. NYPIRO has always
been involved in the fight to cleanup toxic
dumps. according to Herrick.

The community Right to Know Act.
engineered by NYPI RG. and signed as an Ex-
celttivc order by Mario Cuomo. was one of
NYPIRG‘s greatest achievements. says Her-
rick. The bill forees corporations to reveal
how lnueh they have dumped. in the way of
toxic substances. Right now. says Herrick.
NYPIRG is planning a charter bus tour of l4
toxic landfills in Albany county. “We
hope." says Herrick. "to have loco!
legislators as well as community people in at-
tendance." Herrick added that. “If we can
show people just what a toxic landﬁll looks

and smells like. then we ‘will have a better

‘$33625thankfdﬁieﬁ‘ﬁﬁ‘k‘aqmﬁ 

government ofﬁcials."

NYPIRG Is also Involved lii’il ﬁrqjcai'c‘ill.
' . i o»

REMO closing possible

By Christine Reffelt
R

.s I'/II I" "W! l’k‘

. ‘ . . I
The possible clostng of the Regional
Emergency Medical Organization (REMO)
has left the SUNYA Five-Quad Ambulance
services training program with an uncertain
future. . '
REMO'. which provides Basre Life Support
training for Five-Quad. has been forced to

drastically cut back their staff. due to a cut ln ‘

federally granted funds. according to REMO
iralliedic Bob Elling.
p‘ACCDfdillg to Dave Samuel. head ' of
SUNYA‘s Five—Quad Ambulance Servtce.
REMO's Life Support Academy in Colonic
has provided specialized training and "Birth:-
tion for Five-Quad‘s Emergency Medical
Technicians (EMT’s). “The possible closing
of REMO." he said. “ will force Five-Quad
members to filid a new place to train.’ The
new locatioti could be far from campus. and
"this would leave Five-Quad members at a
disadvantage" Sanlllel added. _ H

Five-Quad only deals with BaSlc ‘Lllc Stip-
port Techniques in emergency medical train-
ing. said Samuel. This conststs of courses
showing technicians how to deal Willi shock.
car accidents. using advanced splintlng
equipment. and “all advanced first and
skills." he said.

“If REMO does close down, Albany
County will still provide the EMT course.
bill.“ he added. “ the quality Will not be as
effective as REMO."

The immediate c ffccts of the cut backs are
seen at the Basic Life Support level. which is
what Five-Quad operates under. according to

train. and had extra courses with stalt‘ sup

 

port."

Elliilg. "Tile training of the Five-Quad staff
and tile funding of courses come fromnhc
slate and (student) tuition." said Elllng.
However. he added. “the quality of such
courses may not be as complete. because
REMO's Academy used audio-Visuals lo

Tilrougll a series of donations and grants.
REMO llns been able to provide emergency
care for the residents of Albany. Columbia.
Greene. Relissclaer. Saraloga. and Schenec-
tady counties. according to ﬁlling.

REMO originally had nine staff members

‘lllid has been ill existence for five years.

Three people were let go in February and. ac-
cording to Elling. three more staff members
will be eliminated by the end of the March.
"The ctlt backs will be evident in the effec-
tiveness‘of REMO" Elling added.

"Hopefully tllc staff will find the money so
REMO can stay ill existence." said Samuel.
“It‘s supposed to be one of the five best
medical training academics in the country.’
he maintained. “alid it would be a shame if
the organitation had to go under."

“The cut backs will
be evident in the
effectiveness of
REM .”
-—Bob Elling

 

Between February and October. when the
grant officially ends. Ellillg hopes to‘ develop
some type of regional funding. .through
private support or user fees." he said.

Presently however. all extra courses are.be~
ing eliminated at REMO. according to Elling.

Paramedic courses are still available. “but
long-range effects of the cut backs may also

eliminate these courses." he added.

the needed funds." lie added.

“The quality control of the paramedics
will substantially go down if we don t find

i

l
I
.
i
i

i‘

i

 

i

