 

  
 
 

_    
Co

Press prepares an SA elections supplement. This

special section contains our endorsements for
president and vice president. evaluations of all the can-‘
didates, their own personal statements, and a discus-
sion of other ret‘erenda appearing on the ballot.

We do this with a specific purpose in mind —— to in-
form and hopefully educate student voters. and to
share our insights and opinions.

We have the unique position of keeping an eye on
SA all year long. When we endorse particttlar can-
didates, we bring -to bear this expertise and insight.
What w ' also bring into this process is a fierce com-
mitment to fairness and integrity. The endorsements
are not some off the cuff decisions, or attempt to have
our way on campus. What went into the supplement
goes something like this: , ‘

‘We spent about an hour-and-a-half interviewing
each candidate. Before the interviews, we researched
the issues attd compiled a list of over twenty topics to
disc 55 with each ‘andidatc.

During the interviews, we were looking not only for

! bout this time every year, the Albany Student

 

 

nsider, and vote!

what the candidates said, but how they said it. They
revealed to its the true depth of their knowledge .and
commitment, and their ability to stand up to sertous
questioning. We were able to glimpse beyond outward
appearance and into a personal side which Is rarely, tl
ever revealed anywhere or anytime in the campaign.

Following the interviews were many hours oi dtscus-
sion, in wltielt we hashed out our opinions and
thoroughly questioned our own conclusions. finally,
well into ottr second straight twelve-hour sesston, we
chose the individuals we believe will best represent and
work for the students at the University in the coming
year. «

During this week, the members of the endorsement
board, besides running the newspaper. spent countless
hours writing, rewriting and editing the endorsements
and evaluations. Finally, we began the actual produc-
tion of the supplcment, while working on today’s
ASP.

Of course the endorsements are only ottr opinions,
and students should feel free to agree or disagree as

they choose. We only hone that you take adi7antagc of
our offering, and read what we say before coming to a
- decision.

The endorsement board was comprised of mo
of the ASP editorial board — editors and journalists
Who thoughl it worth turning their usual 50-hour week
into a hundred-hour sleepless effort in order to put the
supplement together. The members of the board were;
David L.L. Laskin — Editor-in-Chiet‘

Heidi Gralla — News Editor

Jim O'Sullivan —~ Associate News Editor

Jane Anderson — Associate News Editor

Ed Reines — Editorial Pages Editor

John Keenan — Aspects Editor

(Ed Reines did not sit on the vice presidential board
be ‘ausc of a close friendship with one of the can-
didatcs.)

tubers

The votes you cast Monday and Tuesday could haw ,,
great impact upon the quality of life we all experience
next year. So make the ntost informed decisions you
can.

(‘onsidcr the issues:
remember to vote!

consider yourselves; and

 

COLUMN

 

 

\i

 

The media and presidential elections

“So, ttouhctc \lllllllli there be tttorc conscientious rcspon-
\lhllll) c‘\t.‘l‘ an by the ncus mcdia;“ as quoted by
Spiro Agttew. supporting former President Richard Ni\on,
itt his I969 speech on attacking the American news tncdia.

ilousef Hattar 

The ntcdia (tttass and news), as WL‘ know it, is nothing
more than an e\tcnsion of those who run it. Attd unfor-
tttnately \\c cattnot expect a person or a corporation to take a
financial or public opinion beating in an effort to be. fair. To
lose industry support or respect so as to gain the support of a
few small special interest groups is just not practical. The
media docs ttot openly cater tospceial interest groups, bttt by
the same token. they blatantly don't try to ltttrt these groups.

The news media can create national issues overnight, and
they can eitltcr make or break the'issues depending on their
coverage. The media certainly represents a control over the
American public's opinions and views. “The news
Americans receive caclt night is determined by a handful of
men responsible only to their corporate ctttploycrs and is
filtered through a handful of commentators who admit to
their own set of biases." This statement. in 1969, by Agnew
still pertains to the news Americans are receiving in tltc
t980s. What we see, hear and mid is still detertnincd by
“these handful of men" who decide on what to feed the
public. Why must “these handful of men" decide for
millions of Americans what issues they will see and hear?

American politics is like the child of the mass media. For
example. John Kennedy‘s campaign in 1960 was in serious
trouble, ttntil the famous debates that were staged with Kett-
nedy and Nixon. Kennedy looked great on catnera and Nixott
looked unappealing. Aesthetically Nixon wasn‘t as pleasing
to the eyes of the Atnerican pttblic. Kennedy was viewed as
young and vigorous, and Nixon was viewed as an older
fellow with the receding hairline. Kennedy was a better
orator and he presented a better public image.

Due to this the news media swung that campaign. The
debates were televised. and the public opinion swung attd
Kennedy became the favorite. He won by the narrowest of
margins. Without the media, Kennedy would ttot ltavc won
the 1960 election. -

Another example of how the media can work for or
against a presidential candidate is the case of Jimmy ('artcr.
Jimmy Carter was a media president. He was relatively an
unknown from a small southern town itt (‘teorgia and
through the use of the media, media money. attd adver-
tisements he became pctvttsivcly kttown to the Atttcrican
Public. The combination 0f ('ttrtcr becoming knoutt to the
American people and other candidates ttot being acceptable
candidates, through the eyes of the media, is uhat pushed
Jimmy Carter lttto the White House.

The news tttedia creates the candidate. Politics is a matter
of image and the mass tttcdia is the one who cteatcs that
political itnage. Those who look good in front of the camera,
who sound good on the ttticropltoue are the cattdidates that
ltave the best image attd are tttore well received by the
American public.

.

 

 

You can’t cricize the mass media as referring to Jesse
Jackson as the Reverend Jesse Jackson. This is a title at
respect and this is what the than is. But you can criticize the
media for not giving Jesse Jackson fair and equal coverage as
the Other two candiditttes. There has been a conscious effort-
to undermine Jackson's campagin. Jackson is a positive
force, and the media nor any entity nor groups can take away

hfrom that. lpnjie' eyes of themass medi Jo se '
single '

,2 :5. it...”

    

  
 

   
 
 

doesn't stand on the same grouttd tts‘blondalc. it appears as
though Jackson has bcctt cascd off the stage leaving the race
to Hart and Mondale. We‘re always hearing of comparisons
bctuectt Hart and Mondale. Why ttot cotttpat'isons between
all three cattdidntcs'.’

The mass tncdia sees the l9li4 presidential campaign as a
black uttd white campaign attd that Jackson is getting only
tltc black votes. If Jackson was getting only the black voles,
he uouldn‘t ot' lasted this long in the race. Jackson's cam-
paign, as it's misunderstood by sottte ol‘ the American public,
is the Rainbow Coalition Campaign for the entire American
people.

in llart's case the media attempted to make an issue out of
the discrepancy of his age. There Were sotne documents that
said he was 46 years of age, and other documents that said he

was 47. The media wanted to make an issue out of it because
they thought Hart had lied about his age.

As with Mondale, the tnedia still sees him as still having the
Carter stigma attached to hitn. This can hurt Mondale. Mon-
dale has the support and backing of orhganized labor unions.
The media leads people to believe that every organized
laborer in America is somehow obliged to vote for Mondale.

The American tnedia and press is like any individual -
Iltey will do what's best for thctn. It was very distasteful for
the media to show President Reagan getting shot by John
llincklcy .tr., titne, after time. after time. This is what's best
for the news ratings, so why not televise it? The American

public wants to see this over and over again. Somehow \icu-
ing violence through the news media is looked upon as putt
of our social norms. I

Anotltcr incident of violence through the news media, i\
with the American.journalist, who was shot and killed itt
from of the‘ camera in Central America. by (‘cttttttl
Atncrican gtterillas. Who would want to view such hottth
violence? But the media thinks it appropriate to promote
violence, and the more violence viewed by X number of peo-
ple, the higher the news ratings and the more tnoncy for the
tncdia.

The media is the fourth branch of the us. government.

The media is the function ofwhat the American public wants -

within specific guidelines set by the FCC. Yet why aren‘t
these guidelines met by the American media? Why isn't
“conscientious responsibility" exercised by the news media?
Again. it's a question of how many X number of people will
read, hear. or view this or that, that earns the media X
number of dollars.

Again. as Agnew stated in his I969. speech, “And in the
networks' endless pursuit of controversy, we should ask:
What is the end value -— to enlighten or to profit? What is
the end result — to inform or to confuse? How does the
ongoing exploration for more action, more excitement, more
drama serve our national search for internal peace and
stability? 1 leave these questions to you!

 

'llTE NEW New ION
DEFENSE SPENDING SW

- GAVEHE A J03 W WW... DESK.

 

AND GET AND GNL
OUTOF

MY CHILDREN
Aﬁlt’URE.

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

u a wk 1
.assrttrl 22‘- 4.5951. "statue; a“ w '

mounts: .u “

 

 

 
 
   

.   T _ asggct

I"

A Look At The

Oscar Nominees

 

  

rd."

:1, t

   

   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

    

   
    

 

