i .

6 ALBANYSTUDENT PRESS o' FRIDA Y. MARCH 23, I984 FRID’A 1’ MARC” 23 ' 1934 ‘5 Ali’ANY 57085“,  

"Got addresses MiddleEast problems in speech

   

  

 

By Rick Swanson.
srxrr WRITER ‘

Touchingpn a variety of issues
, ranging from Israeli victories and
t defeats invLebanon to a “double
standard" applied by the American
media to Israeli and Arab nations.
Ehud Gol addressed a small group
Wednesday night.

Got, Israel's Consulate General
in New York titled his talk. a-"Mid-
dle East Update." which was
presented as part of SUNYA’s
,lsrael,_,week. I . .

Gol said Israel achieved two ob-
jectives 'after foreipg th'e.PLO ‘out
ofsouthern Lebanon in I982, but
also, failed to achieve two objec-

, lives." v

 

Once'the PLO was ousted from
Lebanon. Israel was able to
establisha long-awaited peace in

the regions of Southern Lebanon,

and Northern Israel, said Gol. .
“Before. people were afraid to go
outside," sald'C-ol of the residents
of Northern Israel. “but now. even
women are not longer afraid to
walk their childre‘n in the streets."
Israel was also able to accomplish
the “one thing we have in common
with the government of Lebanon,"
namely, to crush the_infrastructure
of the PLO, the organization led by
Yasir Arafat. Got said. ‘
However, amidst these successful'
ventures. 00] noted. the Israeli
crusade failed in two goals: to
establish a strong central Lebanese
goverment and to oust all foreign
powers from Lebanon, in particular
Syria. The PLO has been forced out
of Lebanon. Co! said. but Syria‘s
presence still threatens Israel's
security.

According to 001, within the last
ten years. Syria has doubled their
number of aircraft and tanks,
receiving most of their military aid

 ‘ s THEATRES

i250 sesame)

    
 

m matmtt '..\r 1.x".

CENTER 1&2

      
      
    
  

 

 
         
       
       
   

  

from the Soviet Union. At present,
Syria hosts 7,000 to 8.000 Soviet
military “ttdvisors”. and possesses
conventional warfare weapons
equal to almost all of the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization
alliances’ forces combined, 001
said.

001 said that Americans must
feel a “sense of emergency" before
they will act in aid of Israel. When
asked to comment on the low tur-
nout at the recent Soviet Jewry day

,‘of protest here at SUNYA, Gol

said, he could onlyattrlbute it to a

feeling of “apathy and cynicism"

by students. GO! said “it's a pity"
more Jews on campus did not take
part in rallying for justice for Jews
around the world.

Gol said' that Americans’ sym-
pathy for Israel diminished in the
last few years due largely to the
American media's '“doublc stan-
dard" it applies to Israel. “When
an Arab kills an Arab or an Arab
kills a Jew, it does not make the
front page." said Gol. "but when a

Jew kills an Arab. that ntakes
news."

For example, Gol said. Israeli
forces, after overthrowing PLO
rebels in Lebanon, found a huge
stockpile of Soviet made weapons
hoardcd by the PLO. The
Atnerican press however, neglected
to report the find of the arms, said
to be enough to arm an army of
7,000. 001 noted.

Israel may have numerous exter-
nal problems, but its government
must now face a growing internal
problem. of economic stability. said
Gol. Now suffering I9I percent in-
ﬂation. Gol said Israel needs to
revise its governmental expen-
ditures.

According to Gol. one third of
Israel‘s total GNP is spent on
defense, compared to only six per-
cent spent on military expenditures
by the United States. and I3 percent
by the Soviet Union.

Gol said that each government
ofﬁce hopes to cut its budget by IO
percent in order to help curb

runaway deficit spending.

According to 00], Israel also
hopes to stabalize its faltering
economy by taking advantage of
tire extraordinary growth in
technological fields. In the 36 years
of its existence, Israel has developed
fields in science. computers and
solar energy systems able to com-
pete well with world trade. said
Got.

Got said he is a third generation,
Jerusalem born "Sabra," which is a
commonly used term for an Israeli
born citizen. A Sabra is a kind of

cactus; that, like Israeli citizens are i

said to be, is coarse on the outside,
yet sweet and soft on the inside.
Gol studied International Rela-
tions and Political Science at the
Hebrew University in Jerusalem
and continued his studies at City
University of New York's Hunter

College. He has served in varIOus ,

Israeli defense department offices,
and in I980 was appointed Consul
for Press and Information in
Chicago and then in New York. [It

 

Ehud Got
_ Israel is developing Iechnolog y.

 

 

 

n 1886, following a shipwreck off the west coast of Africa, an infant
child became part of a family of apes who raised and protected him.

As he grew, he learned the laws of the jungle and eventually claimed
the title, Lord of the Apes.

Yet, Years later, when he was returned to civilization, he would remain
uncertain as to which laws he should obey... those ofman. ..
or those of the jungle.

Now, the director of “Chariots of Fire” captures this epic adventure
of a man caught between two different worlds.

in

 

 

 

Russian student notes U. S. - Soviet Similarities  v  ..

By Judith Geschwlnd

Igor Feklisov stepped into the Ten Eyck
dormitory room at SUNYA which has been
home for him since his arrival from the
Soviet Union a month ago.

“Did you ever hear of the movie Frankens-
tein?" asked Feklisov, as he _
slipped off his scarf and Fflday
took off his coat. “Did you
hear of Frankenstein's assls- '
tant, Igor?” PIOf'le

In Feklisov’s Public Speaking class, he had
to write a speech making an_ana|ogy between
his name and something or someone well
known so it would be remembered by the au-
dience. He was checking whether saying his
first name was the same as Frankenstein‘s
assistant would go over with his American
classmates.

Then he revealed how he planned to pre-
sent his last name to the class: by explaining
that it is similar to Felix in The Odd Couple.

“Felix is neat and dressed 5000,..." said
Feklisov as his fingers pointed to his chest,
and ran up and down his tan wool sweater.
“Wlten l was in the library, lsaw a hook with
a picture where Oscur (the other half of The
Orld Coup/e) was treat...“ His fingers ran up
and down his sweater again for cmpltzisis.
"...ttnd Felix was not." This titnc Feklisov
waved his hands next to his face.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

He soon settled onto his bed, the white
walls in the room missing the posters normal-
ly hung by SUNYA students. On the dressers
and the desks lay fat' dictionaries with red
covers. ,

Feklisov explained his English 'accent,
which he said was a result of the “good” ex-
change program between Russia and Great
Britain. ,“Russian teachers go to England and
we have tapes of English professors." he
said.

“I could have either gone to study in Great
Britain or the United States," said Feklisov,
who pointed out that there were advantages
in Studying in both countries.

Feklisov. along with the other Russian ex-
change students at SUNYA, is from the
Maurice Thorez Institute of Foreign
Languages in Moscow. Maurice Thorez serv-
ed as the General Secretary of the French
Communist Party. Feklisov explained.

At the Institute of Foreign Languages
there are four "faculties" of study. "The
biggest. over half, is interpreting," he noted.
The other faculties are for students who plan
to teach French, German. or English.

Feklisov and the other exchange students
at SUNYA are training to he interpreters. To
study at the Institute and to qualify for the
exchange program, the students must show
proficiency in Russian and in their second

language, in this case English. In addition.
the students must pass an exam in Soviet
history, he said.

Feklisov. 20. is in his fourth year of the
Russian five-year program as are the other

. Soviet exchange students.

Feklisov said that interpreting is something
he had always been interested in because he
enjoys languages and history.

He began learning German at age II. In
Soviet schoolsl he explained. students begin
learning their second language in the fifth
year of schooling. It was not until Feklisov
was 17, however, that he studied English in
school.

Feklisov picked up a book on Finnish and
said that if he has time. he would like to
study that language. Complimented on his
speaking English so well. Feklisov shrugged
his shoulders and said, “No -- No...|‘m just
pretending."

Feklisov is taking six courses at SUNYA.
The public speaking course is his only class
with American students. Other courses in-
clude an English writing course, language
courses and a German course in which he is
the only Russian student. The other exchange
students take French.

In his English writing course, Expository
Writing 300, with Professor Daniel Odell,

12>

  

Igor Feklisov.. ﬂ,
Studying to ‘lieran interpreler.
'r.',.- 5 £21.,

PP reports student attendanoeueirising

B Bob Hanlon
't'IZ-ll I' WRITER

About five hundred students life making
appointments at the cnmpus Planned Paren-
thood clinic, located at the Student Health
Center, according to Ruth chpper. Ex-
ectrtive Director of Upper Hudson Planned
Parenthood Inc. (Ulil’P).

Planned Parenthood's overall experience
at the campus has been positive, according to
Klepper. "The program has worked so
well," she said. and there has been such a
“spirit of cooperation" between staff and
students. "We‘re proud to be here,“ chpper
said.

Planned Parenthood has operated on cam-
pus sincc I978. They increased their visita-
tions to twice a week during the I982-83
school year. chpper. who has been Ex—
ccutivc Director of UHPP for ten years.

office at Lnrk Strcct, receives what chppcr
culls 2t “well woman“ exam. This consists of
at full physical and gynecological exam, at
check of the beam and lungs, cttnccr screen-
ing, and a breast exam. Contraceptives urc
uvrtilnblc, if desired. chppcr estimated that
this initial cxttm costs around $20-25 for 11'
college student. about sixty percent of the
regular t'cc. “We’ve tried to make it affor-
dnblc,“ she added.

chppcr stated that “we're the experts in
health care — reproductive health care.“ She
says that the tnisconccption that most women
cotnc to Planned Parenthood for birth con-
trol is incorrect. Many women “want to
maintain their health" and come to the clinic
for preventive health care and an annual
health exam. "We relate to questions that the
woman is afraid to ask a doctor. Wc'rc
prepared to give the answer." She said that

Ltlfk Slrcct office.

chppcr said that men need to come to the
Lurk Strch office for any counseling or ser-
vices they require. The demand for male ser-
vices is not sufficient to warrant services for
men at the SUNYA satellite clinic.

Prior to I978, a “physician's group." con-
sisting of doctors from Albany Medical

Center, had a clinic at the University for ex-.

urns and other gynecological services, accor-
ding to chppcr. However, too many pro-
blems arose. If a young woman had a ques-
tion during the week, she would call the par-
licular physician and be told that her chart
was at the campus. Klepper added. ~
Klepper said the University was very sup-
portive of Planned Parenthook coming to
campus. However, the idea of a
student/University run, co-op type arrange-
tttent was soon abandoned. Kleppcr claimed,

 

 

-
f ToMgAgiXS'ﬁNDV pointed out that there's been an increased dc- most young women come away with the because “students l'cll anxious about univer-
m mood for their services on campus ttnd a thought that it s “not as bad as they stty records rind infill control records being in
( JAMESGARNER.SHIRLEHONES more than a week‘s wart at tunes tor an up- thought.“ the same tolder. She said that many
§ poinlmcnt. Two visits each week rclicvcd At the SUNYA clinic, Planned Pnrcn- students would not want the record of n
i no . UPS much of the congestion for their services, she thood does not perform pregnancy or blood sprained ankle and a rcqtpcst for contracep-
g ‘2” 1;: PLAZA 1&2 Manned Paremhood om“ .tdgedl. I” .l I. ‘ I. ' . I. I  I I v i”. I tests. klcppcr sttys‘lhttt tit:ch tests must be rule-:rto   smgLiLItiiinrin‘t-agzﬁdcn.
; CUH‘WIMHﬁ"Simian“ “ :t'Lt  - tntc \rsttor.cu in .u I'tc sntc rtr donc Ill tic lllOllltllg, on women up. cn- .tnnu t a . r
V :satm ~- LilliIL on campus or the Planned Parenthood courngcd to make an nppotnlmcnt at the 12>
, TOM HANKS 0 JOHN CANDY
% 5"“5" m News Updates
”_ A TorALLv SPABED ADVENTURE. ’ V. I
':   _ I from the entire institution. Timothy Hitllock. \\ linm Jones, Bill Mc-
t m B d     SuperV'SCS “Wk 5“"‘3' Sli'dc'm l“ "V" “This ruling is it blow to accessibility, " Conn, and Rick'Schut‘l‘cr are running for
5 TOWNE 1&2 u g a a "lime". “mud “‘9 “9‘” (“W”- ‘ \iliti SASU Women's Cuucus Spokesperson SA President. Suzy Attlctta, Bill King, and
 Dim”.‘il‘Slclli’E-ri‘l‘h“ "[th t\irifl“i“i\"¢ Sharron Muhnt'. “This is yet another c tm- Dwayne Sampson arc rttnning for SA Vice-
7 JOHN LttHGow The National Education Association has fiction OHWF‘ '5 the mimidlﬂmm 0' I)”: 0" Pic 09' “W Rotten" itdltlifﬁslt’tllit‘n" "mi-CM! l’l’t‘tidt‘lll- ' '
FOOTLOOSE culled President Ronald Rcttgttn's l‘)85 “Cab.wwmuunfuml 0', ihc. Blﬂd‘ “omen “Shit Slil‘WC-n 5"“ SW]. “"3. Rwy" "‘1‘ 5A C'CL’IK‘IIS “'1” 1}“ “Did Mo'ldfl)’. Apr"
m wucmion Imdgc, mums. nimdcqumcu At flff’cmfllif . Agtlthfi‘l I A“ Odds truntstruuou supported the rulmg. t). and Tttcstitt),'l\prll it). In addition to the
' 'slv'EmEvungulg x0313??? and said that it is “not responsive to nchic\’-  l‘itlcili’bysics Dcp'trt 31133013! “in: \VIL‘tC-Iuics'iilcn'l poigtmogs‘ “Vii
.- " 4m- ~ -..  . t u t ~- -'  'tt'cs' tv‘rs '
 ENDEAI‘IMENT  Fliguﬁafﬁﬁlgl3::me “Lmldmg m d mcnt, is tltc editor of an international    mprcwnhlrihti‘tm"rsl Cglurmi: {110332;
 HELLMAN T/heL communication states than "somc "cwiglcucr' N“): “he organized ‘1 I977 University Scnnte members. class council
it 57 6 bimont- mom is needed njusl .0 “Wm” 0” m" "l‘i‘li“]"""°" hf'l‘wc" “"3 The Committee on Graduate Student and ().(‘.A. representatives will be chosen.
' U"”'~‘d SW05 an" m“ 5“"‘9‘ U““’“- “99“” Organization has released its report on the On the Friday. March 9th issue of the

   
 

POLICE
ACADEMY,

motility nouns
CENTER 1&2

SiPAll/tli AUMISSIIJN fill it SAl

         
           

 

No on mum lledmmn

 

PINK FLOYD
THE 'WAJLI. a

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LORD or: 't‘t-ttz APES

A ttuott ttt'osoN I"|t..\l Slitlllttg R.\l.l'tl RICHARDSON-IAN ilt)l..\t‘_|.v\.\ll"S FOX .tntl inttoritumt;('ll|{iSll)l’ll
AND”.M.u|)()\\'l‘.l.l. Mn... tnjortx strut I’tmltttrtlln lll'till lll'IisttxnurtSI \x'tt-y s i2.\\ i fix

           
 

 

 

 

LR l. \\III|‘ RI

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

At theaters everywhere Friday, March 30.

 

 

 

 

restore education programs to l9801cvcls,"
and that the new budget "just shil'ts money
around — mostly away from the poor and
minorities."

The federal education budget is “already
critically underfunded“ the NEA maintain-
ed.

Excellence Awards—

The Universin is presenting Excellence to
Support Service awards to three members

Career Planning and Placement for In
years. “She iIS’sislS in the preparation and
organization it. campus recruitment visits

 

ding to Universin News.
SASU displeased

Stttdcnt Association of the State Univer-
sity (SASU) lcttdcrs hare voiced displeasure
at the US. Supreme (‘ourt's recent ruling
which does not permit at ctrl of all federal
ilid to a college which discriminates against
wottrcn itt one of its programs.

“This type of ruling, which ttllows for
selective discrimination within an institu-
tion is it set-brick in civil rights," snid SASU

The justices rttlcd illitl il'tt university pro-
gram discriminates against women, funds
can be cut only from that program and not

activity fee for graduate, part-time and
nonnnatrictrlrttcd students to President Vin-
cent O‘l.crtry, said the committee chair.
Kendall liirr.

Iiirr. rt history professor, said the cont-
tniltcc had bccn divided and did not make a
specific rccommcndntion. He said tltcy pro-
posed three options for the vote on the fee
proposal.

The essential question is whether all
students. only full-time umlcrgtauluutcs. or
rton-t‘ull-timc undergraduates should pttr-
Iiciptttc in tire activity l'cc referendum, snid

Nominations closed Tuesday. March 20
at 5 p.m. for Student Association offices.

ASP, it was incorrectly stnted that Dwayne
was running for SA President. and has
since decided to rttn for vice-president.

Rotary Career Day

Tire Center for Undergraduate Education
and the Albany Rotary Club will co-
sponsor the Fourth Annual Rotary Club
Career Day this year on Thursday. April 12.
according to CUE spokesperson Roz iiur-
rick.

Applications for the free dtty are
available ill the CUE office, said Burrick.
and are dttc on Wednesday, March 28.’

 

 

LED-ZEPPELIN
a v - . . . of thc an i ltil'l stuff according to Universi-
THE  ‘s‘""Zi'ifiﬂliﬂl’j 2"" "maxi-“"h‘i 5'13 “‘"‘f'f‘"'i"""‘f" :HW-‘W til Illll‘ «\t'I-H' in l-‘ttti.\lt itltil- Itt‘itttttt (ills /_t- Alum.I |The nyvrtid winners will rcccirc Fxccutivc Vice President Lars lsnrtcson in it liirr. Tltc final decision will he O’Lcrtry's, SclL‘Ctt‘tl lllliwrﬁl')’ Hilldt‘mﬁ “'i" Slim“
L?  qq"""  “WW” I" “I ('H “l “‘5‘” ‘3... mm." stun checks from President (rum-y at a SASU report. ilL' said. the morning Nth one ol 40 nwmbcrs ut the
“WM” ADM‘SS'O" ”“ “ 5“ v — l  “"' reception in May. in thc case involving (irovc (‘in College The referendum will be held this spring, RUIItI‘)’ ( luh, untl will have the opportunity
DAWN 0': Tltc winners are .lonn Clturncws, of Pennsylvania, Iltc (‘ourt rttlctl six to nccordingto Birr. ‘0 Oil-50W“ 10b Sllllﬂllon ilrSl-hllﬂd. Sﬂld
THE DEAD Ronolinc Dyson and Muriel Hauslcr. three to nttrrowly interpret Title IX which  “llrr'tfk- 75 Sllldcnls Will be 501%de Uln-
C‘harncws has worked in the Office of banned sexual discrimination at colleges.    dom lOr the program. she added. v

 

