 
 

  

w vwwm ._._ ....,........._ .

3
‘4'
5.
.i’
7’"


 

We‘d-,4 .0... .~...,..,. M...

.....v .w . -..

 

1:

By Ian Clements
Iz‘IJI TORIrl I. ASSIS DINT

University Police are presently conducting an investigation
to discover why itetns wore stolen front student's rooms on
the uptown campus during the intercession. said Student
Association President Riclt Schaffer.following Wednesday‘s

. Central Council ntcetlng.

He announced during the meeting llttli many studetits had
complained to him tltat some of their possessions were miss-
ittg front their rooms when they returned for the spring
semester. Accordiitg to Scitat‘l'er. such disappeitrauces are
itot unusual. Wiiat made this year‘s situation different. he
said. is tltat tltere were more missing iteitts and they were of
ltiglter valtie thiut tisiutl. They iitcltide a contputer. a stereo

attd itit exercise bike. he said.

Sehttl'l'er noted that there were no signs of forced etitry into
the rooms where itcitts were missing. He said. “I would like a
coutplete list of titose who had keys attd access to the
According to Scltiiffer. tlte nutiuteniutce and
Residential Life staffs. arid workers who put tip curtains in
Dutclt Quad ltnd the ability to enter studettts' rooms.

But. he added. "we're not accusing them. We're looking
at everybody." He said tltat he wanted to avoid making it an

rooms."

j, m 4.1;. ANMSTUQEMTPRESS arm/DA Y. FEBRUAR-Ylo, 1904

disabled Were given extra points. sparked a discussion of the

issue .at Wednesday's meeting.

process. "

*  dermirdbms”burg-taroé‘a during break

Alttittnl Quad Representative Maureen Ryan read an ac-
count of the hiring procedures which took place last Satur-
day. Site read it during the internal Affairs committee
report. becasue. site said. “people had complained about the

According to Ryan's accouttt. applicants were screened by
a three-person comntittee consisting of SA Vice President
“Icfl' Schneider, SA Minority Affairs Coordinator Vivian
Vazquez. and Colonial Quad Representative Nancy Killian.

The appplicants were asked to respond to five questions ed
pertaining to the Contact Office jobs. said Ryan. Then they
were giveit points accordittg to their answers. with is points
constituting a perfect score. Ryatt added.

"explosive issue. We're trying to keep the issue on a level

where we can deal with the administration.“ he said.

Vice President for Student Affairs Frank Pogue. Director
of the Physical Plant Dennis Stevens and Director of
Residential Life John Martone are aware of the problem.

said Seltal‘fer. and are working with him to solve it.

He said that he favored a "tighter master key policy."
According to Director of Ptiblic Safety James Williams.
there are no suspects in the dormitory burglaries. A problem
‘witlt finding suspects. he said. is that the crimes were not
reported until students returned to their dorms after the in-
tersession. The crimes cotild have been cotttinittcd three or

four weeks before they were reported. said Williams.

Tltcre were l4 break-ins this intersession. he said. This is
the santc amount as last year. he said. The break-ins are a

"regular occurrance." added Williants.

There was not a particular pattern of burglaries, he stated.
No one quad was broken iitto tuore titan the others. he sitid.
He told students to protect their valuables. “Don't leave a

l

t'iryll"*:“t".“"

. .
Five points were added to scores of tnlnorlties and four
points to those of the disabled. sald Vazquez. Those were the
only groups that received bonus points. Schneider said. Site
said that she had consulted a state official who has ex.
perlcncc in affirmative action and civil service lcsts. Vazquez
also contacted Gloria DeSole. Director of Affirmative Ac.
tion. before deciding on the point system.
Killian complained that sex. sexual preference and gL‘lltlcr
were excluded as factors meriting additional points, “i
though we were going by Federal law." site said. Historical.
" ly. wotuen have not been “underutilized.” Vazquez I‘L‘sptimi.

“Does this (the affirmative action policy) work by contest
or by law. " asked-Killian.

Vazquez answered that she operated iit good faith. and
' that even if tltc additional points were subtracted from the
scores of the two minority workers tltat were hired. they still
would ltavc been hired on'thc basis of their original scores.
One black girl and one Korean girl were hired. The other
workers were white students. said Schneider. Allison l’eiey
voiced displeasure that the interviewers did not ask Whether
the applicants were disabled. “You can't always tell a person
is disabled." she said. ‘

No disabled students applied for the positions. asset-mi
Schneider.

Schneider admitted that SA‘s point system gave a much
greater advantage to minorities than did the system used by
New York State. SA's plan gave minorities a 33 percent
.bonus. while the state’s gave 7 percent.

Applicants were also chosen according to when they were
free to work, said Schneider. He admitted that he would have
to hire a less qualified candidate if that person was the only
one available for a certain time. But. he stressed. all four
newly hired workers are qualified for the job. "Anyone who
doens't do the job will be fired. whether they are whit.-
biack, Korean or Martian," claimed Schneider. '

According to Vazquez.SA must have an affirmative action
policy because SA is part ofSUNYA. which is a state iiisiitu.
tion and must operate under state law. Affirmative min" i.»
a state and federal government policy. she asserted.

SA Attorney Mark Mishler said. “i don‘t think it‘s a
perfect policy." He claimed that the policy was united into

one thousand dollar camera in your rooitt. Take it home and

take Christmas pictures." he said.

Ilirlng Practices Questioned
SA‘s afﬁrmative action hiring policy seems to be a con-
lrovcrsittl issue among Council representatives attd SA in
general. The use of a point system lit the hiring of Contact
Office workers. in which minority group members arid the
Armour-ex ~.u\t rh-tﬁtiumieuusvsk- «.sgv ‘ n i - .

 

 

 

SA Minority Atlalrs Coordinator Vivian Vazquez

effect. because of complaints made by sortie minorities of
racial discrimination by SA.

“I’m convinced tltosc procedures (SA‘s affirmth e action
hiring policy) are legal. They gave an adtaiitage. but not an
undue advantage." lte asserted.

aoa LUCKEV UPS . .
Vazquez promised to meet Willi the internal Affairs (‘oin-

 

Afﬁrrrrulr’ve action is a SUNYA [)bIIcy.

16>

 

 

 

XIII

 

 

 

 

 

 

1.x

Wednesday thru Sundoy°8 om. till 4 am.
Happy Hour Every NighIOB-lO pm.
Wednesday is Ladies Night

THURSDAY NIGHT-
2 FOR I DRINKS

WELL DRINKS AND
DOMESTIC BOTTLE BEER

SUNDA Y NIGHT-

2 FOR 1 WITH COLLEGE ID.

 

 

 

Beachcomber Tours

_ presents

maiiv

 

JET TOUR

$319°°*

April 14-21

BUS TOUR

$2150“
April 13-22
TOUR INCLUDES

Round Trip Jet Flight or Deluxe Motor C '
~ - o tch Trans on“ on
- First Class Ocean Front Accommodation; p I I
- Welcome Party With plenty ot FREE BEER
- Discount ID Card
- OPTIONAL: Kitchenettes. Disney World Epcot Center

as... In». Not Itulml- anatomist si-rixri... Id: at...- a

“so AVAIEiL—Ew—~—r— ‘. It‘ll-t llllll‘ull niuumi it
alpr Only new clout/try t‘/\li "‘ I'
tartlporution Dnl m- -- “dd [J i.‘ . i-  .:..
91mm. Only tto‘ir?‘ I ‘

llinlt hi'tutiln'r toms. Inc. (HG) oat-JIP‘J

 

 

 

 

       

 

 * f ‘I
.th

   

 

 

 

 

WEE THE EAST

ALBANY STATE VS. POTSDAM STATE
3311):} FEBRUARY 10

Y .
MW—Om—O
COME AND WITNESS THE MAULING
OF THE BEARS FROM POTSDAM BY
THE GREAT DANES OF ALBANY

HALF - TIME
wm :25 in THE ANNUAL
HALF - counr suoormc CONTEST
SPONSORED BY rue PEP BAND.
GAME TIME
FRIDAY 8:00 at UNIVERSITY GYM

 

 

 

 

 

   
  

      
        
      
    

  
        
      
      
        
     
       
      
      
       
   

x:

v

 

.. Agnew“ ..~ “A...” H...“ '

 
 
 

Waste sites are subject of
state superfund hearings

By Aileen Brown
STAFF WRITER
Hazardous waste sites. some of”

which have been classified as
significant health hazards. were the
subject of a public hearing Wednes-
day night. The hcaring. conducted
by the State Superfund Manage-
ment Board. was sponsored for the
purpose of discussing financing for
the cleanup of these sites.

Out of the 895 sites mentioned.
144 of them have been classified as
posing a significant health hazard
to the residents arid the community.

The state superfund was
established in l982 to disclose and
correct the hazardous waste sites in
New York. "Their aim was to pro~
vide at least $l0 million to cope
with toxic dump site dangers by tax-
ing hazardous waste generators and
disposers in New York.‘l’ according
to a New York Public Interest
Research Group (NYPIRG)
memorandum.

The goal of the superfund pro-
gram was to provide $l0 million per
year in taxes to the hazardous waste
disposers. However. in i983. tltc
fund only raised a reported $3.1
million.

In recognition of the virtual
failure of the program last year. the
Superfund Management Board was
created to “make recommenda-
tions. by March 1. for a long-range
cleanup plan for hazardous waste
sites. in terms of strategies.
timetables and sources of
financing.“ stated Commissioner
of the Department of Environmcn~
tal Conversation (DEC). Henry G.
Williams. Williams is also the chair
man of thc Superfund Management
Board.

The public hearings were con
ducted statewide by the Board iii an.
attempt to secure proposals and
suggestions for the funding and
classifying of these sites for
'cleanup. The hearing encompassed
a wide group of interests. ranging
from business representatives to
citizen groups near dump sites.

“We feel that there is a sense of
urgency lacking in these
proposals." stated Sharon Ward of
the New York Conttnttnity Actiott
Network. (NYCAN)‘an organiza-
tion formed by people living or
working near hazardous waste sites.
Tltc pritnary coucerttof tltc state
should be the health and safety of
the citizens. "The DEC must
adlterc to the quickest possible time
frame for site remedial cleanup.
This means a maximum of to years
for remedial site cleanup." said
Ward.

ward went on to indicate the
health and community dangers in-
volvcd iit delaying site cleanup.

“There is documentation of in-

creased cititccr rates. elevated levels

of illness and disease around these
areas." Site added that cleanup

must be speeded tip before. “the
additional problems of chemical
migration and the expansion of site
perimeters to deal witlt. This will
resttlt in an increased cost for
remediation of these sites." site
said.

Ward also spoke about funding
for the program. “The poor show-
ing 0f revenue generated for I983
has not been analyzed adequately.
The revenue generated is inade-
qllﬂls‘ for the goals planned."

Site added that. in order to raise
[he $500 tnillion needed for
remedial cleanup. there should be a
minimum of $50 million raised per
year for a to. year time-frame.
“This money should not come from
the budget's general ftind. there
should instead be an increased
burden on waste generators through
additional taxes. not on the tax-
payers of the state." Ward said.

Many of NYCAN'S‘ foils were
echoed by the position stated by
NYPIRG. NYPIRG presented
testimony to the Board outlining
their position.

“Basically. NYPIRG believes
that the cleanup must be expedited
as soon as possible. with a max-
imum ten year period," stated Pltii
D'Elia. a NYI’IRG Legislative
Representative on Toxics. "The
state is going to have to cotne tip
with a different mechanism capable
of raising funds. Under the current
proposal of $10 million per year.
they are condemning the people to
50 years before local dttmp sites get
cleaned tip." .

NYPIRG is veltctnently opposed
to funding cleanup front the state's
general tax futtd. said D‘Elin. “We
are absolutely opposed to any
money being taken from tltc general
fttnd. A-ny tttonics needed should
come from the responsible parties.
It’s the ‘pollution pays' principle.
Tltc original intention of the super-
fund was for the corporations that
duntpcd hazardous wastes to pay
for the cost of cleaning them tip."

Another option for raising the
ntonics necessary for the sttpcrfttnd
that NYPIRG supports is taxes on
the dtttttpiitg of hazardous wastes.
A bond issue which has been pro-
posed for funding of tlte~cleanup. is
opposed by NYPIRG. “We are
against a bottd issue because it Will
fundamentally shift the bttrdcn of
cleanup front the companies to the
taxpayers. This does not follow the
original intent of the stipcrl'nnd.
which was to have tltc industries
responsible for creating the pro-
blem responsible for cleaning the
sites tip." said D'Elia.

Another organization
represented at the ltcaring was the
Environment Planning Lobby
(EI’L). "There are tltrce factors an.
peding rcntedintion ol' tttcsc sites."
stated Angela DeVito of the EPL.

9b

 

By Carol Zablelakl

. For over a year public radio station WAMC has
been using university facilities in the Educational
Communications Center (ECC) for studio space to
[do interviews and production.

In the past four months. a full news operation
has come into existence. according to David Gallet-
ly. WAMC's Station Manager. “We made ar-
rangements with the University. it is credited as an
underwriter of our news and informative program-
ming while we run internships through the com-
.munieations department." he said. The news studio
“is training ground for students." Galletly added.

Meanwhile. WAMC has been rentittg space for
its main offices from public radio station WM T
in Rotterdam. NY. said Galletly. WAMC is now
entering a new phase in the progress of their station
with the acquisition of a building at 318 Central
Aventte in Albany. he said.

According to Galletly. consolidation of
WAMC’s facilities will bring the news studio in the
ECC at SUNYA and the main offices to Albany at
the new location. Galletly noted that it is an "im-
portant step for us. More live programming for
small performing groups such as jazz. classical.
folk. and for the type of programming we already
do. The greatest need is space." he added.

WAMC recently broadcast a "Home of.Our
Own" an on-air fund raising drive that began
Wednesday. February 1 and ended Monday night.
February 6. "At last count.” Gallenty stated.
“$108,000 was raised" through listener pledges.
surpassing the goal of $05,000. He added that the
three-year goal is 5400.000 which will cover the cost
of purchasing and renovating the new station
home. Galletly hopes other sources of funds will in-
clude “corporate and foundation support."

Alan Chartock. chair of the board of WAMC
and a professor in SUNYA's Communications
Department. said he has “nothing bttt praise for

 

lPublic radio uses ECC as studi
University president Vincent O'Leary and Vice«
President for University Affairs Lewis Welch. and

all those who help to sustain us while we are pur-
chastng the building."

' watt non-commercial radio station broadcasting 24
hours a day. Chartock is enthusiastic about
WAMC's move to a new location. “Finally acquir-
ing a ltome of our own represents our fulfillment
for the dream of public radio in the five state listen-
ing area.“ ltc said.

Hampshire. Massachusetts. and Connecticut. In
New York. itcan be heard from Newbur h to

educational corporation.

49a inHAll/Y‘STUD‘ ‘ likens

WAMC is at 90.3 on the FM dial. and is a l0.000

WAMC reaches an audience in Vermont. New

The station is
community minded and
is chartered as air

Ticonderoga. According to a WAMC program

guide. its new site means "room to grow and keep

pace with the needs of the listening community.
Over 80.000 people per week listen to WAMC. and
it has the second broadest coverage of all FM sta-
tions in the Northeast."

As the public radio station in Albany. thc
WAMC guide says "it has had the responsibility of
covering the state capital and its news for other
public radio stations in New York." The Albany
location-that _will be WAMC’s new home gives
WAMC an advantageous position close to the
Capital. It is more accessible to public transporta~
tion routes. will improve production capacity. and
increase operating efficiency by eliminating the pre-
sent need to send WAMC‘s signal to Albany

0»

 

 

New state ERA proposal draws fire

By Robert Gardlnler

STA FF warren

A renewed effort to push a New
ank State Equal Rtghm Amend.
ment (ERA) has a great amount of
support. opposition and opinion
making it an important and con-
troversial issue facing the legislature
and its voters.

Strongly supported by Governor
Mario Cuomo. who approved the
resolution January 2. Program Bill
ltl69 states: “Equality of rights
under the law shall not be denied or
«bridged by the state of New York
or any subdivision thereof on ac-
count ol' sex.‘l

Women's rigltts groups like thc
National Organization for Women
(NOW) are energetically lobbying
in support of the amendment. “For
a long time we have had a priority
on the federal ERA. but the state
ERA is important for paving tltc
way for a federal amendment."
said President of the State Charter
of (NOW) Theresa Bergen.

"Insurance contpanies for in-
stance are perfectly free to
discriminate against sex. a change in
this could save the average wotnan
515.000 in a lifetime.“ site said.

Regarding the abortion con-
troversy over tltc ERA. posited by
the Right to Life group. Bergen
said. "it's not relevant to the ERA.

Yet it (abortion) is characteristic of

only one sex —— women. If there was

a law that said men could have
abortions and women couldn‘t then
it would be an issue for the ERA."
a ... . hms‘ -  p--
position frottt tltc stttte Right to Life
Pnrty and more critically from the
New York State Pro-Family
Federation.
President of the Pro-Family
Federation Mildred Breitcnbach.

has stated that ltcr group will lobby
to change the ERA so that it
doesn't apply to “abortion fun-
ding. marriages. itomoscxtiaiity. the
ntilitttry. private schools. churches
or personal modesty."

    

DEAN an: ASP
Governor Marlo Cuomo
.S-‘Trplml‘ls N Y Stale ERA.

 

. women's rights issue." he

Right to Life lobbyists are in-
sisting that the amendment be revis-
cd to deter abortion.

Federation are merging all these
issues Into one to espouse their own
views. according to Brian F. Van
Grol. member of the steering com-
mittee for the SUNYA Gay and
LesbianAlliance (GALA). “The
amendment will win no rights for
gay and lesbian groups. It is a
id. Gay
groups should support the bill on its
face value as defending men‘s anti
women's rigltts equally. rtot gay
rights according to Van Grol.

The governor has met with
leaders of botlt state and national
women's .organi/ations to garner
their support for the amendment.
“Passage of a state ERA will com-
pliment the efforts of these
orgaitizations...otir legal ti‘catiitent
of nteti and women is still. lit many
respects. unequal." Cuomo stated
in a February 3 press release.

The question that surfaces regar-
ding the future of the bill. if passed.
according to Political Science Pro-
fessor Joseph Zimmcrntait. is
“what will be the attitude of the
courts."

“Courts will do the opposite of
what people may think they will and
have switched around the meaning
of the wording. particularly the in-

16>

 

 

    
 

 

“How to ace a test '

y making a phone call?

February 14th is the big test. Show that
special girl you're a sensitive. caring guy by
sending the Heart-to-Heart" Bouquet
from your FTD‘” Florist. Beautiful ﬂowers
in a decorator tin wit
less than $22.50'
Call or visit your FTD Florist today.
Valentine's Day is one big test you do

My!"

h a sachet heart. And it's usually

Send your love with special /

WIGMI

yaw-arid
atheist-mt "mum at Flat-ll tin-vats om Ant-am

    

Merlin Olsen

Because
n't want to ﬂunk.

CIR.

 

 

 

 

