 
 
  

 

 

 

5:2.

 

 

\- ‘ *5 ‘
r. n“. ,mx; v—~_, -~

. . . ,.,.N a...“

 

 

   

a:  

, ,he'vfinal report of the Alcohol Task Force Advisory
Committee has dealt very indecisiver with the two

- key controversial issues the committee had to face-

The issues arelhow to run functions that serve alcohol on

‘ campus, and how to deal with the use of kegs and beer balls.
The report reflects the internal struggles of the committee

to come up with a coherent and cohesive alcohol policy for
the campus. In one car ...~re the student representatives
and other members. w were working to safeguard the

moral and legal rights or the students. .

. Facing them were those who. in part. were driven by con-
stderations of managing student lifestyles in the most
trouble-free manner possible. Include in this faction John
Martone, Director.of Residential Life, and Assistent Direc-
tor Liz Radko. A third group battling in this arena included
Director of Physical Plant Dennis Stevens and John
Henighan. formerly with Public Safety and now afﬁliated
with Financial Management. From this cast of characters
came the Committee's nebulous report.

The issue of governing parties in the dormitories was one
of the major causes of confusion over the alcohol policy last
semester. and one of the main reasons for setting up the ad-
vrsory committee. Yet this isssue was clearly not resolved.

Under pressure to‘reduce the ﬁnancial and physical burden-
of‘alcohoi-related cleanup and repairs in the dorms, Martone
and Radko pulled a bureaucratic rabbit out of their hat.
They were able to push a resolution through the committee
which stated that any function serving alcohol on campus
and charging a fee would have to secure a special permit
from the Albany County Alcohol License Control Board.

 

   

_ ' Committee failures

'But the resolution stops there.

By perpetuating last semester's confusion, strike up some
kind of victory for the people at Residential Life who have
been trying to harass. regulate and thwart the freedom of
choice and personal development of the students. We are,
for better or worse, no longer in an age where forced moral
behavior is an‘acceptable notion; the only way to expect
responsibility from students is to allow them the freedom to
choose it. I

The same goes for the question of allowing bulk con-
tainers, such as kegs and beer balls, into the dorms. it would
make Martone‘s and Radko's job a lot easier if their people
did not have to deal with the problems they see as accomany-
ing student drinking. But regulation will not foster respon-
sibility, and it will establish a precedent of infringing upon
the rights of students. Reportedly, it took an appearance by
Dr. Frank Pogue, who is responsible for formulating a ﬁnal
policy, to sway the committee last Friday to decide in favor
of allowing kegs and beer balls to remain where they belong.

Although it inspired plenty of healthy discussion, it ap—
pears that the committee has failed to resolve what most
needed resolution. If the permits law truly needs to be ef-
fected in dorm lounges, then a mechanism must be set up to
make the law workable. And a clear policy concerning bulk
containers must be asserted and understood. Anarchy born
out of confusion and resentment is no substitute for sensible
cooperation.

Ur. Pogue is sincerely concerned with balancing ad-
ministrative necessity with fairness to students and their
rights. Hopefully, he will be able to carry his vision past the
disappointing results of his advisory committee.

The ﬁnal report of the Bus Task Force leaves even more

.m .,L;.:.»- ~,

' "are?"

‘

to be desired. It was pretty clear that the President.s

committee was operating within the standard ad.
ministration' context: outside of service to Alumni, Drape,
and the Wellington. students should expect nothing. Bus ser-
vice to off-campus students is a veritable luxury,

Although the committee did explore a variety of
possibilities, 'with this attitude as a-starting point it could only
go so far. .

The University cannot provide housing for thousands or
students. The only available housing is several miles from
where the school was located. That it should ttol be con-
sidered a priority to provide transportation assistance to
these students is ludicrous.

Albany is the capitol of New York State. Many students at

‘one time find themselves in some association with tile Stale

government, and the many diverse opportunities it provides,
To alienate students from this great and unique potential
would be a crime.

Our beloved university is located in an area practically bar.
ren of social and cultural goings on, not to mention oppor.
tunities for commerce and employment. We need access to
this city in order to become active and fulfilled citizens.

It the University is unable to provide for students the bus
service they need as members of the university and Albany
communities, then its time someone else got a shot at it.

A system could be set up in which service is I‘ll" primarily
by the Student Association. Drivers, mechanics and other
positions could be operated through a work-study program.
This would save a great deal of money, and it would assist
many students financially. This system would certainly be
more responsive to the needs of students.

The need for radically more effective bus service at this
university is a priority the Task Force preferred to pass up.
Unfortunately, much of their hard work will be in min unicst
something new and constructive is done with it. it's never lo
late to change.

 

COLUMN

Consumer oriented elections

It is I984. and as the presidential election primaries grow
nearer, the rituals of the campaign trail begin. Spiattered
across magazines, newspapers and television, the candidates
tnake themselves visible; the media doing its part in produc-
tngwhat I perceive as being nothing short of a publicity com-
Eggtton. We cannot deny the unpolitical nature of this pro

Bobbie Litt

Yet, in being unpolitical, we need not perceive the modern
electoral process as un-American. The behavior is
characteristic of our country, in that we almost ‘consume'
our candidates. We are bought with votes of confidence and
are sold on personality images. The behavior of our politi-
cians in the I984 elections, confirms in 'my mind that the
American democratic process has well adjusted itself to the
changes our lives experience from the existence of television
and the media as a whole.

Images of The Making of the President:l968 come to
mind. Candidate Richard Nixon made different television
campaign advertisements for different regions of the coun-
try, each one promising something different and often con-

 

tradictory to other regionally tailored promises.‘Television
has allowed the candidate to reach large sections of the
population but it has also put him under close visual
scrutiny. He becomes an object that is judged more like mer-
chandise than as a political actor, and to cater to the public
whim, the candidate complies.

A lot of people are aware of this and i bring it up not to
preach, but to pose some thought in an attempt to gain
greater insight into our government. A greater lesson can be
learned from this small display. _ ‘

Our electorate has not reached an all time intellectual low
with the advent of television. America has never really been
at a point in its history where a president has been voted in
completely on political rationality, and the present is no bet-
ter than the past in this respect. A study by Columbia Univer-
sity in the 1950's determined that only l2 per cent of the eligi-
ble voting public shows up at the polls today. What does this

mean? is there an inherent stability in American politics that ,

real political concern by the general population is not need-
ed

'Consider the fact that our candidates always come from
eltte groups of often wealthy, educated white men whose

careers are compltely within the political sphere. Our elec-

tions never make politically radical power rcplztcctncnts.
Perhaps our elections are but a charade which sutisfics the
public and keeps one man from staying in ofl'icc [no long and
gaining too much control.

The nature of the presidential ofﬁce today has much to do
with all this as well. The executive has becotnc a position in
which decisions of a strong and decisive nature can be made
quickly. The crises of the modern world often call for fast ac-
tion and resolve. How can the behavior of candidates he cf.
fectiveiy determined on the campaign trail when the nature
of the ofﬁce and its subjugation to heavy outside political in-
fluence will shape the candidates behavior to the point where
his platform may never be realized. Ours is a non-
participatory governmentIas well, so the public ucvcr sees
the political agendas that await the new president, from the
security council or the CIA.

If elections seem like a charade, it could quite possibly be
due to the fact that our governmental system, our social
values and structure allow little participation. but dcmund
popular consent. This need not be understood as u had quali-
ty or a danger sign but merely as a demonstration of the
balance between freedom and unescapable social control that
all Americans live with.

 

 

 
  

g

a FLieR FROM Jesse

rat! .5". :_

 

 

mg 005T The usual. eLecrioN-Vea ﬂ
5mm a mom FROM MoNDaLe, a FUZR
FROM eLeNN, a were FROM ReaGaN,'
aacK50N...

  

      
     
      

 

 

‘J

 

 

 

i

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 

   
   
 

   

   
       
 
  

 

 

 

LETTERS

Record straightened

To the Editor: ‘

This letter is directed toward Campus Center Audio Visual
in response to the article about the international Film Group
which appeared in the Tuesday Dec 6 edition.

Somewhere in the course of the interview, international
Film Group‘s feelings concerning Campus Center Audio
Visual seemed to have gotten a bit confused. We would like
to set the record straight at this time.

We were very grateful to all of the people working at Cam-
pus Center Audio Visual for the help they gave us last
semester when we really needed it. Somehow Campus Center
Audio Visual was blamed for international Film Groups's
problems which,,certainly, was not the case. We hope this
clears up the.unfortunate misunderstanding.

-—Richard Golubow

SA Director of Student Programming
—Deborah Sarria

—Rhoda Splra

International Film Group

India’s day
To the Editor:
January 26 is India‘s Republic Day. Thirty four years ago,

India adopted a Constitution declaring herself a Federal,
Democratic and Secular Republic and guaranteeing to her

rpcopie freedoms of speech, thought, expression, worship and
assembly. india's Constitution is very much like the US.

Constitution and it contains a clearly defined “Fundamental
Rights" and “Directive Principles of State Policy” requiring
the government to strive to achieve the Fundamental rights.

For the people of india. .Ianttary 26 is a day of rejoicing,
but also a time of stock takittg on what are her achievements

and failures. In the press, one generally reads about riots,
ﬂoods, and poverty. It is rather unfortunate that some
significant achievements of lndla--the largest democracy in
the world-~go unnoticed. India has made great strides during
the last 34 years especially in the economic field. The
preindependent stagnant and dependent economy, has been
modernized and made more self-reliant. After a century of
static and rather declining economic standards, a modest rate
of growth in per capita income has continuously been achiev-
ed since 1950. despite the growth of population (from ﬁlm
million in I950 to 690 in l983).

An outstanding achievement of india is the diversification
and expansion of industry. Before independence. India had
only a few consumer goods industries. Today, lndia is self
sufficient in all consumer goods industries and also in several
basic goods industries like steel, cement, fertilizers. ship-
buildings and railroads. India has built, since independence,
a strong infrastructure: a network of irrigation, canals.
hydro and thermal power stations, regional and power grids,
and transportation systemnthe largest in Asia.

Today, Indian scientists, technologists and engineers are
working in many areas, expanding frontiers of science and
technology. As a result, industry is now able to undertake
self-reliant growth in many fields. India is conscious of some
serious lingering economic problems: poverty. population
growth and inﬂation. The solution of these problems con-
tinucs to be the major goals of ambitious indian Five Year
Plans.

In India today, there are demands for rearrangement of
center-state relationships, especially front some minority and
regional groups, to safeguard their religious/cultural iden-
tities. Tltcrc have been isolated cases of disturbance on these
issues and sometimes one can identify lapses on the part of
government and these groups in dealing with these difficult
issues. Fortunately, however. there continues to be a firm

' pie in the world.

 

/

determination on'the part" of people at large that~the

democratic and secular traditions must be maintained and
700 million people (a quarter of the human race) must live in
peace and harmony enjoying freedoms‘granted under the
Constitution. India's overall record» in' maintaining the
democratic and secular traditions has been a notable success
and worthy of commendation by all free and democratic peo-

—Dr. LS. Uppal

Professor of Economics
A real nemes

8
To the Editor:

In our opinion. the students and faculty of SUNYA are be-
ing willfully misled. A recent announcement for the upcom-
ing literary journal Nemesis, sponsored by the Feminist
Alliance. is being circulated on the campus. This organiza-
tion has traditionally supported the rights of females and op-
posed any accusations that they are anti-male. We respect
these ideas.

 

However, the new publications’s name alone casts doubt
on their intentions. The American Heritage Dictionary
defines “nemesis” as one who inflicts relentless vengeance or
destruction; an inflictor of retribution. Retribution in-turn, is
defined as something given in repayment; especially punish-
ment.

By this definition it appears that the publication may well
spark a controversy between those stating the Feminist
Alliance is striving to build a better integration of the sexes,
and those who believe they are merely attacking men as a
whole. Considering this. one might conclude that this means
of advertisement may be more damaging than beneficial.

—Bill Speldel
—Mark Holland

 

cﬂspcctrs

‘ ‘ ‘ , Established In rare
David L.L. Llaltin, Edllar In Chlal ‘
Patricia Mitchell, Msnaglng Edltor

; News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..steve Fox, Heidi Gralla
. . . . .Jarry mplona
. Gall Merretl. John Keenan

Vlalort Editor.

Sports Editorl . . . . . Tom Kacandea, Mark Lavina

  

 

  

    
   

Associate Sparta Editors .. . .Mare Barman. Keith Mardar
SPON'IS Supplement Editor . . . . . . . . . .Mare Schwan
Editorial Page- Edltor . . .. . . . . . . . . .. Edward Ralnea

 

Copy Editors . . . . . . .
Photography Editor . . . . . . . .

  

.Kallay Grover, Annette Perot
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ed Maruaalch

Mark Bun-r, Sen/or Editor

leonlrlbuttng Editors: Daan Batz, Dabble Judge, Wayna Peareboom. Anthony
stlber. Llaa Strain. Editorial Ant-tents: Jana Andaman. Dean Chang. Jlm
O'Sulllvan, Stall writ-re: Alicia Clmoora, tan Clements, Belay Echel. Ronald
Brant Garatnn. Adam Goodman. Bon Gordon, Robert Hayes. Eric Hindln,
Alice MeDatmott. Caryn Mlske. Sulanna Murphy. Christina Rellelt. le Reich,
Joe Romano. Shallah Sable, David Sinner, Michael Skolnlck. Alan Somltln,
Ian Spelling, Megan Gray Taylor, John Thotbutn, Parry Tlachlar, Kotth Van
Allen. Ilane Welnatoln, Mark‘Wllgard. John Willmott, Fllna Young. Spectrum
Editors: Ellan Fllzgorald. Ronl Ginsberg

Judy for-t, Business Manager
Lynn Saravll. Assoclala Bus/"ass Manager
Jana Hirsch. Rhonda Woll,Adva/Ilslng Managers
1 Mike Ktolmat, Sales Manager

Illllntt Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Randal: Bahar
Payrollsupervlsor ... . . . . Gay Paroas
Classified Manager . ..Joanna Hamilton
Composition Manage! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Jann|ler Block
Advertising Sales: Susan Klian, Mark Suasman. Rich Golden, Slavo Lulbar‘
man. Daniella Katmai, Advertising Production: Loo Erickson. Elaine Frlader.
Julia Mark, Ellyn Mutn. Sharon Okun, Lynno Slegal, Charololla Shuba, Ellan
Wlseman, Ollloa Stall: Chrlsllna Blngh. Jonnlttar Block. Marietta Hosenthal

  

Holly Prostl Production Manager
Donna Agular, Sue Pachlnaky Associate Product/on Managers

Chlotl’ypeaettor . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . , . . . . .. Lancuy Heyrnun
Plate-up: Susan Mnyhart, Dub Slokl. Typista: .llm Cupnzzola. Phyllis

Lotkowllt. chaulteur: Erle Dott
Photography principally supplied by Unlvotatty Photo Service, a stttdonl
group

Chlel Photographer: Suaun Elatno Mlnttlch, UPS Stall: Amy Cohort, Shorty
Loo Cohan. Cindy Gulway. Phlle Hack, Konny Klrach, nochol Lttwln. Hobart
Luchuy, Ed Maruaalch. Lols Mattabonl. Barry Ratchet, Lian Simmons, Lauren
Slllet. Raborl Souey. Erica Spolool. Wurton Stout. Jamos Vuluntlno, Jason
Zoppal
Entire contents copyright tutu Albany Studaht Prnu Corporation. all
rights reserved.

the Albany Student Press ts published Tuoadnya and Fridays butwaun
A“(lull and June by the Albany Student Prose Corporation. an Independent
nol~loraprollt corporation.
Editoriala are written by the Etltlor in Chlul wtth members ol the Editorial
Board; policy in autuuct to review by tlto Eultnttnl Buttrd Columns are written
bY members oi the unlvnrslty community and do not necessarily represent
editorial policy. Advertising policy ttous not nucnssmlly rulluct outlortal
Dolley.
‘ Mntllng address:
Albany Student Press, CC 329

two Washington Ave.
Albany, NY 12222
(Bill) 457-8802I332213389

 

 

 

 

I)” you I/tiulr n-r' /Itll't‘ unruly/I um'It'ur/t/t'puu'r'ri‘

0qu government doesn't
tlttnlt we have enough.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

to ice the tircpuwur uscti in
World War it ubuurtl u single
submarine.

Tlntt uuc sulttnuriue could
destroy over [50 Soviet targets.
W' have i‘) such subs. plus
l5 others with even greater

tircpowcr.

Jilth lill' YOIII‘SEII.

'l'ltc tilll Ill Iltc ccttlcr represents
lltc destructive intro of all the
Iirepmvcr usctl duringI Ihc cuttrc
six years of World War ll.

'I‘htcc million tons of ‘i'N'l'.
'l'hrcc utcgtttttus.

The other dots portray the tire-
pt)ch of the world's nuclcur
atrscnuls. |(t.(l(l() tucgutuns. More
lllllll 5.000 Worltl thr lls.

Du you think we ltuvc enough?

The top Icl'lltund circle (circle
A) is the lircpnwcr of just one
US. submarine. Think of it:

The Pentagon doesn‘t think so.
The Pentagon wants more. Like
the new Tl’itlcnt submarine. Its
ﬁrepower is portrayed by the
lower lefthund circle (circle I3).
About seven World War Its.

Just two suuures llabeled C)

 

 

Do you think we have enough? .

 

on this chart (more tltttn 250
tncgutons) represents cttouglt
lirepowcr to destroy all the largcv
untl medium-sired cities in the
entire world.

Do you think we have enough?

The chgun Atltttinistrutiou
doesn‘t think so. itt the next
decade, the US. plans to build
I7.000 new nuclear weapons.

It you think we already have
enough weapons. call, toll-free,
l-tiOO-NUCLEAR. We will send
you information about what you
can do to help halt the arms race.

U.S. Congressional .t‘lryj'hatv A
NVit’tt't'll tltr'ﬁu‘ts' in this or! and
have found Ille'ltl m'cururc.
Documentation available on
rcqtuu'l.

 

 

.You Qty make a " " Prod-tad or White ma» Cooler

 

 

 

 

