 
 

 

 

a. -..,,,

 

Worldwide,

Shultz denies claim

Caracas. Venezuela
(AP) Se try of State George P. Shultz says
Nicaragua's leftist government is jeopardiz-
ing Its own security by harassing the church,
the press, and the nation's Indian popula-
tion.

At a news conference Thursday. on the eve
of his departure for Brazil, Shultz said 'the
Sandlnlstas have betrayed their revolution
and are trying to blame the United States for
problems of their own making.

‘ Shultz said Nicaraguan junta leader Daniel
Ortega and his colleagues “must be worried.
and if I were them I'd be worried too."

He made no reference to the U.S. support
for the antl-Sandinista rebels ﬁghting in
Nicaragua.

Shultz denied an allegation made Wednes-

3 day by Ortega that the Kissinger commission

‘: on Central America had secretly recommend-
ed the United States invade El Salvador and
Nicaragua to protect American interests in
the region.

 

Crash kills soldiers

Tequcigalpa, Honduras
(AP) Four U.S. soldiers were killed and six
were injured when their helicopter crashed in
the mountains of northeastern Honduras, the
U.S. Embassy said Friday.

The accident occurred Thursday in bad
weather 35 miles from the border with
Nicaragua while the helicopter was traveling
from San Ioren'zo on the Paciﬁc coast to El
Aguacate air base in the mountains 130 miles

   

le'ws’iienllsl-‘s ».

 

t

 LBANY srUDaNrmess p TUESDAY. ream/Mn. I984

bassy communique said.

In Washington. a Defense Department
spokesman confirmed the crash killed four
soldiers and injured six. Col. Robert O'Brien
said ofﬁcials believe the pause of the crash
was weather.

Two Army engineers aboard the helicopter
said the pilot, Chief Warrant Ofﬁcer Jeffrey
C. Schwab, was killed on the Honduran side
of the border after he made a forced landing.
The engineers said they thought the pilot was
on a course that would have kept them nearly
10 miles from the border.

Nationwide.“

 

 

Second satellite lost

v Cape Canaveral, Fl
(AP) The shuttle astronauts launched an In-
donesian satellite Monday, but the manufac-
turer declared it lost in space when it disap-
peared from view of radar trackers Just like
its twin three days earlier.

Giant radar screens were trying to find the
communications satellite, called Palapa B2.
The North American Defense Command was
called in, just as it had been when Westar VI
disappeared Friday.

“Hughes tracking personnel have conﬁrm-
ed the satellite cannot be found in its ex-
pected orbit.” said a one-sentence NASA an-
nouncement by mission control’s Brian
Welch six hours after the satellite was ejected
from the shuttle.

The Hughes Aircraft Co.. which built both
Palapa B2 and the Westar VI, which is now
in a useless orbit after a rocket failure, said it'
had not been able to establish “a confirming
signal" from the very beginning. The satellite
was ejected from the shuttle at 10:13 am.
EST and its attached rocket stage fired 45
minutes later as planned.

   

 

....l - A,

northeast of Teguclgalpa. the capital. an em-

 

  

PREVIEW-OF EVENTS

.4 l

    

l

' slightly from last week and 51 percent ahead

 

    
      

 

Layoffs decline again 1

» Detroit
(AP) Indefinte layoffs in the U.S. auto ln-
dustry continue their slow and steady fall.
reaching 105.400 workers this week.

The six domestic automakers reported the
figures Thursday, noting 106,000 workers
were on layoff without a recall date the
previous week.

Temporary layoffs rose to 11,000 this week
from 5,7(1) last week.

Meanwhile, the industry journal
Automotive NeWs reported Thursday that
production schedules at U.S. car factories
jumped 51 percent compared with the same
week last year. _

Automotive News said production was ex-
pected to reach 166,850 this week, up just

of the pace set at the same time last year.

EDB pesticide banned

Washington. D.C.
(AP) The Environmental Protection Agency
virtually banned the use of EDB as a
pesticide and recommended standards that
would remove from store shelves small quan-
titles of foods already tainted with ' the
suspected cancer-causing chemical.

The EPA's recommended maximum
residue levels are inteded, EPA Director
William D; Ruckelshaus said. as guidelines to
aid states in adopting “a consistent. coherent
approach to what is clearly a national pro-
blem.”

The guidelines apply to EBB-tainted flour,
cake and muf ﬁn mixes and ready-to-eat
foods such as cookies and crackers.

But Ruckelshaus estimated that only I per-
cent of wheat-based products now on grocery
shelves and 7 percent of corn-based products
abused the recommended sta dard.

 

 

ED MABUBSICH UP

 

Statewide; 

Fire strikes Sing Sing

Ossining
(AP) A ﬁre of unknown origin raged for
more than two hours at the Sing Sing Correc-
tional Facility. gutting an unoccupied
building where inmates make plastic bags but
injuring no one.

However. about '150 inmates of a building
nearest the blazing structure were forced to
spend four hours in the prison gymnasium
after the ﬁre knocked out electricity in their
cellblock.

The inmates. who were moved from the
cellblock shortly after Sunday's 7:15 pm.
blaze broke out. returned to their cells
without incident shortly after midnight to-
day, said Watch' Commander Lt. Allen
Blades.

Cuomo blasts LILCO

New York City
(AP) Gov. Mario Cuomo says he believes the
Shoreham nuclear generating plant on Long
island will never be able to start up and that
shareholders of the plant may have to “take
a bath" and absorb about $500 million of the
$4 billion to cost.

He said he did not see any reason why the
state should go to LILCO's'rescure over the
Shoreham plant because the state does not
need the power.

“Let them take a bath.” he said. “They're
a private corporation.” He said he believed
Shoreham “was built by inferior mechanics
with the worst managers...What makes you
think it would work for more than a week?’

Koch raps Jackson

‘ New York City
(AP) Mayor Edward Koch has blasted
Democratic presidential candidate Rev. Jesse
Jackson as “anti-Israel" and vowed not to
support the black leader if he captures the
nomination.

“Anybody who takes money from the
Arab League is supportive of the Arab
league's position." Koch said. “They have
only one position — the destruction of
lsrael."

Last week, it was reported that Jackson's
two anti-poverty groups —- Operation PUSH
and PUSH-EXCEL —- recieved $100,000
grants from the federation of 21 Arab states.

The mayor labeled Jackson's claim that he
did not know of the grants in advance as
“ridiculous.” '

 

Correction

In last Friday‘s issue of the ASP, the page
3 photo of Hannclorc Passonno was incor-
rectly identified as Gloria DcSole. The ASP
regrets the error.

 

 

Free listings

Governor Mario Cuomo will
speak at Hermanus Bleei'er Hall
In the Albany Public Library as
part of the '84’Forum Speaker's
Series on Friday, Feb. 10 at 10
am.

The Albany State Debate Socle.
- ty Ia forming and will hold an In-
tereet meeting on Tuesday, Feb
7 at 7:30 pm. In the Humanities
Lounge. For more Information
call 457-8470.

Phi Alpha Theta'e deadline for
membership application ls Fri-
day, Feb. 10. Forms are
available In SS 341 and should
be returned to Professor
William Reedy In SS 346.

 

semester.

Bloodmoblle will visit SUNYA
on Wednesday, Feb. 8 from 10
am. to 4 pm. In the CC
Ballroom. Psi Gamma Is spon~
sorlng the visit, and will
prereglster donors the day
.before In the CC Lobby.

SUNYA Rainbow Coalition for
Jesse Jackson will hold a rally
at which endorsements will be
presented on Wednesday, fab.
8 at 7 pm. in the PAC Recital
Hall. For more Information call
457-3360 or 457-8087.

The Office of International Pro-
grams wiII hold a General In-
terest Meeting on Thursday,
Feb. 9 at 7 pm. In the
Humanities Lounge, regarding
programs to be offered next

College Young Democrats will
meet Thursday, Feb. 9 at 823C
pm. In HU 23.

“Contemporary Aesthetics and
Technology In Sculpture" will
be the subject of a'lecture and
exhibit on Friday, February 10 at
RPI's Cultural Center in Troy.
For information call William Mc-
Qulston at 274-7793. ‘

Capital District Women's
Political Caucus will hold a
meeting on Wednesday. Feb. 8
at 7 pm. at the Hill Street Cafe
at 160 Madison Avenue. For
more Information write CDWPC,
PO. Box 7157, Albany, NY,
12224. , '

Fade to Prompt will be the first

presentation of Jawbone 1984,
on Thursday, Feb. 9 at 12 noon
In the Humanities Lounge. Poet
and Presidential fellow John
Mason will present his col-
lected works.

Peace Project will hold a
meeting Thursday, Feb. 9 at 7:30
pm. Call Susan Slatky at
4890673 for more information.
The room will be announced.

"Language and Planning for
Sexual Equality: Guidelines for
Non-Sexist Usage" will be the
topic of a Research on Women
Colloquium to be held at 12:30
pm. on Wednesday, Feb. 8 In
the Humanities Lounge. Fran-
cine Frank ot' the SUNYA
Linguistics Dept. will make the
presentation.

Some Uses of Curvature In
Statistics. will be the subject of
3 Statistics Coliuqulum
presented by Robert Kass oi
Carnegie-Mellon University on
Friday, Feb. 10 at 3:45 pm. In ES
140.

A Philosophy Forum will deal
with the topic “Women. the
Economy. and Public Policy," to
be presented at Russell Sage
College's Bush Memorial
Center on Wednesday, Feb. 8 at
7:30 pm. Author and columnist
Abigail McCarthy will be the
speaker. admission Is free.

Pianist Findlay Cockreil will
present a program of Chopin's
mazurkas and polonalses on
Thursday, Feb. 9 at noon In the

 

1-4

PAC Recital Hall.

 

..,...;....,..._.. ... _....

By Keith Marder
Assocm re spears EDIMR .

Legislators, administrators; and family
were on hand Saturday night to honor Dr.
Richard Sauers. SUNYA’s varsity basketball
coach. now in his 29th season coaching the
Great Danes. :

The reception, held in the Patroon
Lounge, attracted such people as University
President ' Vincent O'Leary, and Vice-
Presldent for Student Affairs Frank Pogue.
as well as Assemblyman Richard Connors
(D-Albany) and Richard Patrick. the Direc-
tor of City Planning from Mayor Thomas
Whalen's ofﬁce. Both Connors and Patrick
presented Sauers with proclamations, honor-
ing him for his contributions to the athletic
department and the University.

The ceremony was the pinnacle of,"Great
Dane Basketball Spirit Week" which started
off with a basketball extravaganza at the
Rathskellar Thursday, February 2 and will
conclude Friday, February 10 with a banner
contest when the Great Danes take on the
Potsdam Bears at University Gym.

Student Association (SA) President Rich
Schaffer, along with Off-Campus Coor-
dinator Suzy Auletta and Director of Student
Programming Rich Golubow organized the
events for the week. Schaffer said it all
started back in Novembgr when Golubow
planned to have a “Bud Night at the Rat."
They decided that having a whole week of
events would increase school spirit. Schaffer
made the necessary calls to the legislature.
while Golubow and Auletta did most of the
leg work.

Resolutions honoring Sauers and his team
were passed by the State of New York, the
City of Albany, SA, Central Council, and
University Council. The week of February
3-10 was also proclaimed University of
Albany Basketball Spirit Week by both the
city and the state.

Sauers has had a rather illustrious career.
He is currently coaching his 29th season at
Albany and he has yet to have a losing cam-
paign. With 475 wins he has currently amass-
ed morc victories than any other Division III
coach, as well as attaining the highest winn-
ing percentage in Division 111.

Sauers is also ranked 15th in most wins
among active NCAA coaches and is the only
Division III coach to be slccted to be on the
NCAA National Rules Committee.

Sauers is praised by almost anyone who
knows him. Whether it be his players, the
referees, or opposing coaches, they all voice a
mutual admiration for him.

“I don't think that there is any coach on
any level that i have more respect for," said
Bill Scanlon. head coach at Union College.

Tom Birch, Alderman of the 9th Ward,

Noted authors

' By Jerry Camplone

ASSOC/A r5 news EDITOR
In an effort to “sensitize the college com-
munity to pertinent issues in sexuality,"
Genesis, the sexualin resource center, along
with Middle Earth, is sponsoring “Sexuality
Week,” Feb. 7-10 in the Campus Center.

Highlighting the numerous scheduled
events are two noted speakers, authors
Jonathon Katz and Shere Hite.

Hitc is the highly acclaimed author of The
Hite Report: A Nationwide Study of Female
Sexuality and The Hife Report of Male Sex-
uality. Both volumes have been widely
acknowledged as the most comprehensive
studies on human sexuality since the Kinsey
Report. «

Hite will be presenting her views on sex-
uality Wednesday at 8 pm. in the Campus
Center ballroom. Her speech is to be co-

 

 7...,“

I who doubles as a referee, said he has never
met a finer gentleman than Sauers. He added
that in his 20 years as a referee Sauers is the

‘only coach to whom he has never assesed a
technical foul.

Sauers is said to be the classic example of a
man who Works hard for his success. He
travels from city to city scouting basketball
games. According to the players, it Is these
scouting reports that make them more
prepared than any other team.

It may come as a surprise to all Great Dane
basketball fans. but Sauers is not a tyrant

.. .59....”

,.
i,
i
l

i

Rich Schaffer, Elaine and Dick Sauers

 

‘ l

(TUESDAY, meat/Any 7.1934. 0.,ALBAN stuns/yr sass 3;

City. state officials honor Coach Saners' 

ing to Great Dane basketball games since
Cheryl was four years old. His wife. Elaine,
has not missed many games in the 29 years
her husband has coached. Not only does she
go to see her husband, she is reputed to be
one of the most vocal Great Dane fans.

John Quattrocchi. former Albany State
basketball captain, and assistant coach under
Sauers, recalled that in his sophomore year
he used to go to the Sauers home and play
one on one with five-year old Steve in the
driveway. , .

The ceremony was the pinnacle of Basketball Spirit Week..

who makes his living by shouting and holler-
ing at players. There is another side to him.
Those who know him assert that he is a very
good friend who will not hesitate to go out of
his way for anyone. ' ‘

“Doo (Sauers) is your friend,” said Dave
Adam, Co-Captain of the basketball team.
“If he can help you he is more than willing to
help."

Summing up what Sauers means to his
team and the University, Dane center Pete
Gosulc said, "He's developing us as people.
not only basketball players."

Sauers' family has also become involved in
Albany basketball. His son Steve, a junior at
Guildcrland High School and his daughter
Cheryl, a freshman at SUNYA have been go-

Schaffer was very pleased with the turnout
at the SUNYA-Binghamton game Saturday
night which featured free admission for
SUNYA students. He said he hopes that
when people find out more about SUNYA’S
basketball program, and the success of coach
Sauers. there wil be a good-size crowd for all
games.

Schaffer also said that he is looking into
the budget to see if making all games free is
feasible.

“We have failed in the past to get feedback
from the playch and coaches," said Schaf-
fer. “I just hope that this marks the first and
not the last time that SA and the athletic
department coordinate efforts," he said.

“This just rcprcscnts teamwork between
SA and athletics," Schaffer added.

will highlight sexuality week

sponsored by Speakers Forum.

Katz, the author of such works as
Gay/Lesbian Almanac, Gay American
History. and Gay Men in the USA will be
presenting new theories on sexual relativity
when he speaks on “The invention of
Heterosexuality: 1892-1983."

According to Katz. “‘Heterosexuality’ and
‘Homosexuality' are recent, historically
specific forms of naming, categorizing,
relating, feeling, and acting." Katz also
claims that behaviors and emotions called
“heterosexual” and "homosexual" were in—
vented.

Katz, whose presentation will be co-
sponsored by the Gay and Lesbian Alliance
(GALA) will be speaking Tuesday at 7:30
pm. in the CC Assembly Hall.

Each day of this awareness week will deal
with a specific issue, according to Genesis.
Wednesday's topic is “Relationships.”
Scheduled workshops include building a rela-
tionship. fair fighting in relationships, long-
distance relationships, and international
romance. A workshop on breaking up will
also be presented. as well as a special GALA
Panel presentation, in which a panel from the
speakers bureau of GALA will discuss per-
sonal events and experiences dealing with
homo- and bi-sexuality.

Thursday‘s topic will be “Health” with
advice and counseliltg on many topics by

I local physicians and educators. Some of the
1 subjects to be covered include lesbian health

care, the politics of health. sexually transmit-
ted diseases, a self-exam for women. and
male health care. An informal workshop on
the detection and symptoms of AIDS will
also be presented by Doctor Werner Kuhn
and Neal chpkowski. The emotional aspects

- of the disease as well as what support systems
are available for AIDS victims, friends and
families will also be discussed.

The New York State National Abortion
Rights League (NARAL) will also lead a
presentation on abortion rights and will ex-
plain what NARAL is doing to preserve a
woman's right to choose.

Issues on abuse and prevention will be Fri-
day's topic and will include workshops on
sexual harassment, violence in relationships,
civil rights and self-defense. Judith Condo,
director of the Albany Rape Crisis Center,
will present a workshop on date rape, which
will be designed - to address concerns
specifically to college students. The presenta:
tion will cover date and acquaintance rape.
films, assertiveness training and assailant
motivation/prevention.

in addition to workshops, a representative
-from Upper Hudson Parenthood will be
available Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
to answer questions and provide contracep-
tivc information and displays. Tile entire
week's nctivites arc SA funded.

For more information, and dates and times
of the events, call Middle Earth at
4574588. iTl

 

 
 

‘Gelnayel ’Gbit’t.

nearsjeoltapse
in Lebanon ' ‘

Compiled by Jim O’Sulllvan
corms/Al. ASSISTANT

Beirut
(AP) Drusc and Shiite militiamen gave
their reply Monday to President Amin
Gemayel's offer of major political conces-
sions: a demand that Gemaycl resign im-
mediately and an assault that won them
control of half his capital.

When the battle started about noon, a
senior Lebanese official was brieﬁng
Western‘ reporters at the presidential
palace. ‘

in the president's speech Sunday night
after the resignation of his Cabinet, the
official said. Gcmaycl had offered to talk
about anything — more power-sharing
with Moslcms, Cabinet seats for opposi-
tionﬂlcudcrs Walid Junlblutt and ,Nabih
Berri, and abrogation of the Lebanese-
Isracli withdrawal agreement of May l7»,
which had enraged Syria and the Syrian-
supporlcd opponents of Gcmaycl.

The Maronitc Chrislinn president had
been trying to form a national coalition
Cabinet since Moslcm Prilnc Minister
Shafik Wazzan first offered his resigna-
tion last September, the official said. but
no Moslcm leader was willing to join.

Neither Gcmayel's efforts nor those 01‘
US. special Middle East envoy Donald
Rumsfeld over the past six months had
been able lo extract any compromises
from Jumblatl’svDrusc, Berri's Shiites or
the Christian [rightist bloc headed by
Gcmaycl‘s father. Plcrrc. Nor was there
any softening by Syria, Israel or the
United States.

Syria has bitterly opposed the May 17
agreement with Israel, which granted the
Israelis political and military concessions
in gxchangc for an eventual withdrawl of
its army in the south. The Syrians refused
to consider a parallel withdrawal, and
backed the Druse nnd'Shlitcs in their
fights with the army.

lsrnci rcfuscd to begin its withdrawal
unless Syria agreed to do the same, and
refused to renegotiate the agreement with
Lebanon. The United States backed the
lsraclis.

Willi politicalprogressbalkcd, Gcmaycl
was lch with only one hope — the
Lebanese army, growing rapidly in size
with a national draft, and in potency
through infusions of U.S. equipment and
training. But Shiite lender Berri called on
the Moslcms in the, army — 60 percent of
its 37,000 enlisted men — to stop fighting.

At least some units did so. Soldiers were
seen over the past two days consorting
with Shiite Moslcm Amal militiamen at
Amal headquarters.

On Monday, the army scented to melt
away in west Beirut in the face ofthc com-
bined Amal-Drtlsc assault. Firefighis were
fought all over the Moslcm hail‘ of the
capital. But other tlrmy units plll their
guns aside and left, or handed their
weapons to militiamen. By nightfall,
almost no soldiers were to be seen in west
Beirut. according to AP sources.

Monday‘s fighting also has left the
multinational force in untenable posi-
tions, isolated from the government they
are here to support. The U.S. Marines are
at the international airport, surrounded
by Shiites and Drusc, with one company
guarding the American and British cm-
bassics in militia-held west Beirut.

Although Gcmaycl's opponents called
for his resignation. officials in
Washington thought he could continue to
cling to his office, but with greatly
diminished powers.

President Reagan Monday denounced
Syria as being responsible for the new out-
break of "indiscriminate killing and suf~
I'criug" in Lebanon while renewing his
vow thal Alncricu's commitment to
chnncsc sovereignty and independence
"remains firm and umvuvcring."

Otllcr officials, who insisted on
anonymity. sold the new crisis probably
will end with much greater influence for
Syria over the Lebanese government. even

'8»

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
     

     
     

,_.

4..- .. a“...

 

‘5 -»..=~

 

 

   
  
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
   
  
 
   
 
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
     
  
   
  
    
  
 
 
  
     
   
  
   
  
   
     
  
   
 
    
 
 
  
  
 
 

