 

i

i,
t
i,

 

\

 

 

 

 

[\LliANYSfUDf-N'f PRESS t.» TUESDAY, MARCH 13, I984

IA ‘ Intram rat 3

 

 

 

Basketball; ‘

League 2
Team

Nice N' Eas 7
Untouchab es 7
Cash Money 4
Members Only 4
Ultimate 3
Moondogs 3
Crackers O 8
Snipers Game See Note
Faculty See Note

League 3A

Orangemen ‘
Snatch Patrol
Segmic Bavas
Destruction
City Crew
Rim Jobs

Owummc‘
\ti—U‘tuutu

3M

Bengali Express
Lions

Dust
Hamilton Hall
Sperm Bank
Thos House

dNWbVV
\JOUle—‘A

3F

Thunder 'N Lightning. 8 0
Mean Machine I 6 2»
Beat'em On Brains . 5 3
Don Ho and the Hawaiian Lei Up 3 5

3R

Royal Express
Running Gunners
I-legemon

Greek Salad

The Boys

—L~LAJU1\I

L415!th—

3W
KoreanAirlines 7 l
NulllSecundes 7 t
Dinksl . 4 4
Elroys I 2 6
League 4E
Moondogs 7, I
'Upchuck the Boogie (i 2
Cheap Thrills st 4
Coming Attractions 2 5
Andy, Don’t Close the Curtains l 0
4M
Easy as Puff _ ll 0
Dinksli ‘ r, 2
Continual Circular Modilication 6 2
Showtime 4 4
Vegetables 2 5
Maniacs l 6

4i

Flying Dugans 8
Chateau Manning 4
Sixty Niners 3
12th Precinct I

{I‘m-b0

4W

l—londo's Boys 7
Coneheads 4
Snakes 3
Shut up Dick 2
Royals i

U‘LJ'i-bLa-i—a

Note: Games Involving These
Teams Do Not Count

Season Ended March 7
Playoffs Began March 10

 

 

 

Playoff Format:

 

League 2 — Top 4 Teams Make Playoffs '
League 3 — Top 3 Teams Make Playoffs & 1 Wild Card Team
League 4 -— Top 3 Teams in Each Division Make Playoffs

 

 

 

 

\

Jackson looks back

4 3 .
looked at us and they were shaken by the
whole event. God knows, he could hardly
walk, he hit his first jump shot and hobbled
up and down the court and that was it. It was
just the emotional level that carried
everyone else. Frazier had a game that no
one could believe and to this day I don’t
think there has been a game in the seventh
game that topped his, ouside of Magic
Johnson's 40-point effort against the Sixers.
Walt did everything. He rebounded, his
assists and points, his steals. It was a very
high. intense and emotional time and I think
they didn’t have to play him the second half.
they were up by 20 in the first half. 50 I think
it was the most overwhelming emotional
burden a team could probably face was for
the Lakers was the fact that Willis Reed step
ped on the court. He said, "I'll get out there
no matter how." And he did it.

ASP: In David Halberstam's book The Breaks
ofthe Came, he discusses a basketball camp
you ran for American Indians in which Bill
Walton helped out. How did that come
about? Do you still do it?

Jackson: In Pineridge Indian Reservation,
South Dakota. I haven't done it, although
there is talk of doing it this summer, for two
years. l was in a program called Upward
Bound when l was a college student and
then I came back when l was with the
Knicks. I went to graduate school nty first
two summers. Upward Bound was a CETA-

sponsored program in the late 't’tils and early
'705 by the Johnson War on Poverty program
and it took lower economic groups of our
country anti prepared them for college. In
the Dakotas the lower economic group is the
Indians, so the majority of our group was in-
dians or poor white kids and it was a pro-
gram for the juniors and seniors in high
school to prepare them as a bridge for col-
lege. During this period we received a cou-
ple of counselors who were college Indian
students and one of them heppened to be
Mike Griminhorses, who happened to be
from the Indian reservation in Pineridge, And
he invited me to come down and put on a
camp there. So in I969 or 1970 l started go-.
ing down there to do a basketball camp,
Willis went out. Bill Bradley went out, Neal
Walk came out, Walton came out. A number
of players came out in successive years and
helped do the camp and Walton was kind
enough to sacrifice his time antl effort for the
camp. It is probably one of the most depress
ing yet inspiring places to be in the country.
It’s an amazing place. They love basketball
and rodeo. That's the two sports they love,
basketball and rodeo.
ASP: Would you like to coach in the NBA?
Jackson: Yeah. i think l’d like to. I don‘t
know if my level of coaching right now is up
to par on the NBA or not, but I know I have
the aptitude for it. l've been there a long
time: I know thr- gante. i think the pressure is
something you get adjuster] to and you learn

how to (real with and work under pressure.
This is one of the things I think is my milieu,
being able to work under pressure and situ-
tion. i spent a lot of time on the basketball
court in that type of pressure in the last
minutes of games and that was one of my
roles that i enjoyed more than anything else,
being able to finish a game. I think as a coach
you get that- pleasure frotn trying to put
together things towards the end of a game

walking into the dressing room and climbing
up the stairs and you’re on the court. You're
in that limelight for 48 minutes and then you
go back into your lockerrom get into your
car and drive away. It's not like that in New
York. When I was a kid l lived in Flushing. l
climbed on the subway two hours before the
game. Two hours before the game. people
were at my back. What are you going to do
tonight? How are you going to wini’, (la, (la,

 

 

“The Lakers turned around and looked
at us and were shaken by the whole
event. God knows, he (Reed) could

hardly walk...”

 

 

that win ballgames for you.

ASP: There is an aura about playing in New
York. Is it different playing in New York than
in other places? .

Jackson: As Red Hozman always used to say,
it is not every good ballplayer that can
become good in New York anti not 'every
;ood player can become good in New York
because there is a sense of abuse; There are
always six papers at your face or ID or )2
plus the cameras, You have a lot of focus on
you from the time you walk out the door to
the time you get to the arena. it’s not like you
.Il'i‘ driving up to a parking garage In LA. antl

  

da. Autograph this. The eyes were always on
you, going from there to the Garden. Even-
tually for a kid from the midwest like myself
it was an intense amount of watching, eyes
and pressure.

ASP: How (lid you get the nickname "Ac-
tion" Jackson?

Jackson: Well, Marv Albert gave me that. I
think it was because lliOlL' was a toy that
came iiui at that time that was called the An
lion Jackson doll. It was a windup or battery
powered toy, that’s how it originated as far as
i know. litit it fit well with my style of play
anti also fit with my name quite well. l l

 
  

    
 
   
    
   
     
 
    
      
    
  

 

 

E TTERS .

aried selection *

. o the Editor:

As Catholics observing Lcnt. we are to abstain from merit

a Fridays and holy days until Ettstcr. UAS makes this very

ift‘icult and fails to provide for this adequately. Each Friday
[‘5 the same old thing - fried or broiled fish. which we are
ick off There are many Other main dishes without meat in
hem; pasta with tomato sauce. pizza. sltriinp. casseroles.
mclcts. and quiche. thn a UAS manager was qucstioncd.
5 well as some of the cntployccs. it was suggested we eat
canul butter and jelly or be “pseudo-Catholic" and cut the
oust beef and burn on the deli line. In other words. we were
0 go against our bclicfs.

UAS provides a variety of kosher foods for tire Jewish
‘tudcnts. We feel we. too. sltould‘bc offered at varicd selec-
tion during Lent.

—Clttrc Mcrtz
——l)ebble l)ttlirit1.
—Meglittn Huntcy

I rec will

To the Editor:

1 would like to congratulate James K. Symrila wlto recently
wrote in to tltc ASP to rebut an articlc written by Gene
Datnnt called “Economic Balloting." This article claiincd of
“cycles” that exist iii the American electoral process of
determining our presidents; that tile pcoplc votc according to
party depending on the economic sttttc of the country.

Jantcs Sytuula objected to tire article boldly. l‘m glad to
see that somebody stood tip and did it and l'nt sorry that I
didn't do it sooner. Symula is. ill fact. it Democrat ltimsclf.

 

, @Spccté

Established in 1916
David L.L. Luitln. Editor In Chief
Patricia Mitchell. Managing Erma!

   
  
   
  
  
  
   

 

News Editor! ..Stavn Fox. Heidi Gratla

‘ All I t . Jerry Campione

ASP. dItor  .... . John Koenan
Aﬂoat-Io [Shell Editor . Stephen Marti:

Sound Editor...

Sparta Editor . . . . . . .. .... . m Kacandas
Alloclltl Spam Editarl Marc Barman. Keith Murder
SPORTS Meaning Edltor .. . . arc Schwarz

Editorial Page. Editor . . . . . Edward Flames

Copy Edltm. . . . . .. ally Grovor. Annette Perot

Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ed Marusslch

Mark Guner. Senior Editor

Cnnlrtbuting Editors: Dean Bail. Bob Glrdlnler. Dabble Judge. Mark Lavina,
Wayne Peereboom. Holly Pruil, Anthony Sllber. Lisa Strain.
Editorial A. In Jane Anderson. Donn Chang. Inn Clements. Jim
O‘Sutltvan. stuli writ :Ailoen Brown. Steve Brysan. Michelle Gusher. Alicia
Ctmbora, Kevin Clarke. Ronald Brant Gnrsten. Adam Goodman. Ben Gordon.
Robert Hayes. Eric Hindtn. Norma Kau. Michelle Krnll. Alice McDormott.
Caryn Miske. Suzanne Murphy. John Parker. Muddy Pascuccl. Christine Flak
fell. Joe Romano, Shellait Sabin. David Stupor. Michael Skolnick. Alan
Somkln. tun Spelling. Megan Gray Taylor. Parry Tlschler. Kollh Van Allen. II-
Bne Welnstoln. Mark wtlpard. John Wllirrtolt. Spectrum Editorlz Ellen Flt»
zgerlld. Rina Young

C)
a
g
2
E

    

 

Judy Toni, Business Manna"
Lynn SIIIVII. Assaclula Buslnass Manager
Juno Mir-ch. Rhonda Wotlptdvrrtising Managers
Mitt. Krtlrncr. Sales Manager

..... Randee Bahar

   
 
 
 

 

lilting Accountants ..

Payroll Supervisor .. .. .. Gay Peruss
CllulIIId Manner . .Joartna Hamilton
Composition Mann . . . . . . . . . . . ..Mark Catatnno

 

rI
Adv-mung sat. Dnvld Danlola. Rich Golden, Susan Klein. Steve Leibni-
mnn. Mark Sula . Advertising Production: Line Erickson. Debra Frenman,
Elaine Frlader. Jeanna Gilborg. Julia Mark. Ellyn Muto, Sharon Okun. Lynne
Slaaat. Charotatie snube. Ellen wtaeman. otllc- stall: Christina atnth. Lin-
da Delgado. Mnrlorla Roscnthal

 

Sun Pachlnltiy. Produclion Manager
George Tulto. Associals Production Manager

nutter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lancey Hevman
II p Eileen Keoite. Susan Kant. Susanna Jacoby. Button O‘Sultlvait.
Deb Stakl. Typllll: Jim Capozznla. Cheryl Kaplan. Nancy Killian. Phyllis
Lotkowitz. Hana Lowennraun. Chautlaurl: Eric Dori. Steven Mankolt

 

Photography principally supplied by University Photo Survrcu. a strident
rou .

Chief Photograph-r: Ed MarussicltUPS Stall: Amy Cohen. Sherry Lee Cotton.
Cindy Galway. Philip Hack. Kenny Kirsch. Racth Lilwtn. Robert Luckcy. Lois
Maillot-mly susan Elaine Mindlch. Barry I‘tulchnr. Lisa Simmons. Lauren
Siiler. Robert Saucy. Erica Sputgul. Warrrin Stout. James Valentino, Jason
Zuppal

Entitl content: copyright IBM Albany Student Plus Corporation, all
rightl rucrvld.

The Albany Student Press Is published Tuesdays and Fridays between
Annual and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an independent
nutAior-prolit corporation.

Editorials are written by tho Editor in Chiral with members of the Editorial
Board: policy is subject to ritvraw by the Editorial Board. Columns rim WIIIIBn
by members at the univnratty community and do not necessarily represent
editorial policy. Advertising policy (loos not necessarily reflect uﬂllollal
policy.

Matting nddrass:
Albany Student Press. CC 32‘.)
I400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY t2222
(518)457‘839213322l3389

 

 

 

 

1

yet ltc sees the best candidate for this clcction so far its Presi‘
dent Reagan himself. a Republican. Symula also stated that
he wouldn‘t stand for taking such a dim view of our great
Country according to Damm's article. I agree with him one
Ittrndrcd per cent. I myself am a Democrat. yet no matter
ltow loyal I am to the Democratic Party. I see President
Reagan as the only candidate for this election. People do not
have to belong to the party of the candidate they vote for and
they certainly do not follow cycles.

Once again. I thank James Symula for brining up the issue
of political parties and their relationship (or lack of) to the
economic state of thc coutnry and the fact that a lot of peo-
ple overlook. that is that members of one party can vote for
candidates of another.

—- Dttvtd Tnssonc

Poor music acts

To the Editor:

I've been holding itt ttty feelings for a lottg time and felt
that sontconc lItI(l to say something. University Concert
liottrd is it disgrace to SUNYA. I thought that things \vcrc
getting bettcr last year when UCB got ltut "new music" acts
like Joe Jackson and The Stray Cats. and even this y -ttr wltctt
they were ttdtcnlttrous enough to get A/tcc Camera and Tltc
llottgos. two builds that are scldoittly lt ‘itt'tl on the radio. bttt
since then things have gone down ltill. It scents that money
must have it lot to do with their (incisions. because tltc only
“new music" acts that tltcy‘tc gottcit are ones that are
played on stations like I’YX tun (i.c. Billy Idol and Eddy
cirautt). In lllL' rucrittiiitrc \\c arc gitcn dying acts like titt-
timid and fakc groups likc lltc llootlcg licatlcs.

Maybe it‘s itot UCB's fault. but that of SA putting too
much pressure on them to make money. or maybe it's just it
matter of musical ittslc and that I‘m not excited when my
lo-ycttr-old sister's ftitot'itc singer .lolttt Cougar hlcllcttctitttp
plays on campus. btrt I‘m disappointed.

And while all of this nonsense continues tll SUNYA.
thtiott Collcgc is getting ttcw bands like Echo & tltc Butt
ttyntcn. I.ct's Activc. Rcllcx, 'l'ltc Thompson Twins. and
Madness. I'd be interested to hear what those oit concert
board have to say about this. and l'ttt sure they‘ll respond,
brtt I'm ttlso interested to hear what my fellow SUNYA
\tttdcnts have to say. as l ottly hear what my friends say. and
tltcy like tltc same music as ittc.

—nttmc withheld by request

More consideration

To the Editor: '

The other day my friends attd l were discussing trtt\ cl plans
for Spring break when it occurred to us that in order to
return for classes on tile following Monday morning. we
would have to leave on Enstcr Sunday.

Contrary to popular belief. Easter. ttot Christmas is tltc
most Iton day in tire Liturgical year. Christians bclicvc that
on Christmas Day. otir Saviour was born. As important to us
as Christmas is. it would mean nothing without Easter. for it
was on Easter that He proved He was God. by doing what no
other ordinary man could do: He was rcsurrcclctl from Iltt.‘
dead by His own power.

Now. keeping in ntirtd the sanctity of this holiday. it scents
to have to travel on this day would dcmcttn it. Sonic might
suggcsl that we jttst lettvc Monday. and miss our classes. For
some. that would be impossible. but even were it not. it
would be unfair to. itt effect. he pcnalilcd for wanting to
observe a religious Itoliday. Also. considering the fact that
SUNYA's full term bcgan two weeks later than many other
schools in observance of Rush Httsltanah. don‘t those who
t'clcbratc Easter dcscrvc thc saute consideration? It‘s only
lair.

—.Iantcs J. Stanley

Smoking not curbed

To the Editor:

It was a grcttt shock to me when I read tltc two short
paragraphs cntitlcd “Smoking Curbed" in Tuesday's ASP.
witch the new smoking policy is described its “functioning
well" and Plant Director Dennis Stevens is quoted as having
said that “people have been extremely coopertttcive with cn-
forcing the policy." This statement is so untrue that | cart
hardly believe that anyone familiar with tltc situation would
stty such things in tire first place. The new policy states that
smoking is now banned front the hallways of the academic
buildings. brrt asidc from a few stickers pluccd irt useless and
confusing places. absolutely nothing seems to have been
done to enforce it.

The lltlll\\tt} on the first floor of the Humanities building is
a good example. All day long. to and from clttssL‘s. people are
smoking. I took a walk through there totitty. just before
writing this letter. Aside from it fcw stickers. all placed at Iltc
outside cntrttnccs. some of which have already been tortt
down. nothing has changed. If smoking is no longer pcrmit—
ted here. why are the aslttrays still iii the halls? There are
eleven of them in this hallway. and at seven PM Tuesday
night every ortc wits filled with cigarette tisltcs. 'l'ltcrc wcrc
also numerous butts .strcwn all over the floor. no doubt left
there by people who wanted to violate tltc smoking rules and
lit: littcrbugs at the same time. The problem is the santc in
litany othcr ' tdcntic buildings that see heavy traffic during
the day. such as Earth Sciences (when: the situation is: ‘actly

 

 

the same: a few stickers'on the outside of the building. plenty
ofashtrttys inside. and smokers puffing away all through the
hall.)

Every step taken so far to "enforce" this smoking policy
only show that Stevens and whoever else is in charge of carry-
ing out the new rules have made no serious attempts to curb
sntoking in tile hallways. “No smoking" stickers have been
placed on the outside doors of buildings. on the stairwell
doors. and on tile doors leading into the hallways. but
nothing in the hallways thcmsclvcs. Since they are only
stickers. many of them have bcccn defaced and many more
are now ttnsluck and gone forever. “Smoking permitted"
stickers have been placed on the doors of a supposed
“designated smoking area" which someone decided should
be one of the two enclosed entrance lobbies in each building.
Since tltc \tickcrs are placed on tile doors. it is rather unclear
whether bite is cntcrii I a smoking ttrca or just leaving one. i
personally find it difficttlt to believe that smokers will all
cluster in one small. enclosed area oil the far side of a
building to smoke their daily cancer ration. btit if they do I'll
be tnorc than happy to enter the building from the other side
so its not to disturb them. I find it even more difficult to
bciicvc that smokers would be aware of tile “dcsigantcd
smoking area“ in the first place. as in tile Humanities
building ilIL‘IL' ttrcn‘t ctctt any tislttrttys iii the “smoking pcr-
mittcd“ area! (All tltc ttslttrtrys are instead locttlcd in rite of-
ficitily sittokclcss hallways.)

I don't tltirtk it's impossible to enforce the ban on smoking
iii the hallways. The Uniyc ity has done a wonderful job
forbidding stitoking irt thc clttssroottts. its the numerous and
prominently displayed signs indicate. In the (‘ztntpus Cctttcr
cafeteria. the smoking and nuit»smaking scctiotts ttrc clcttrh
markcd. rtot only by signs brtt by the presence and absence of
ashtrtiys iii the respective areas. If the Ulli\crslly wants to
comply with rltc ticw sttttc law. the way to do it is to placc
permanent and durable "no smoking“ signs in the smoke
free areas. more tllc itsllirttys to the places where smoking is
trllriwcd. and then post a ittciiititc L‘\plttltitlltln of the new
rules. So far. none of these things ltttvc been done. and the
smoky state of affairs iii the hallways won't change trntii they
arc.

 

 

 

——I-Id Rttvln

Participate and learn

To the Editor:

In response to Brian Jacobs' column “Republican Warn:
big." I would like to say that it is one thing if yott don't like
President Reagan or his policies. but it is another thing to put
down a whole collcgc organization because of this. Jacobs
calls College Republican handouts “misguided and
myopic." Hc pitts dowrt Republican policies while giving no
alternative “Democratic” solutions. or even reasons why
tltcy arc not good policies — except for tile reason that Brian
Jacobs says that they are not good.

One policy which he devoted a lot of time to criticizing was
the US. policy in the Vietnam War. If he put a little more
research ittto it. he probably would be surprised to find out
that tltc Republican President Eiscnltowcr kcpt troops out of
Vietnam. even through the French Crisis dttrittg the fifties.
wltilc Democratic Presidents Kennedy and Johnson were
rcsponsiblc for our strategy of entering the war. and
escalating it to major heights. When Republican President
Nivon cntcrcd office. ltc immcditttcly pursued the policy of
Victnantization and decreased the rtiiittbcr of American
troops. finally pulling out totally. I am not saying that the
war was the fault of the [)cmocrats. I am not as naitc as Mr.
Incobs to tltittk that one party or one ideology is totally
rcsponsiblc for cvcrythittg. l'm sttrc many Republicans sup-
portcd tltc war. and helped approve lltc money bcing uscd
tor arming the troops. etc.

i am sick and tired of reading political commentaries in the

ISP with no factual backing. Jacobs wits probatny one of
rltc many people who wrote to the ASP (and for the ASP)
pulling dowrt the College Republicans for supporting
| clirmttn for Governor. while vigorously supporting Cuomo
who dcccivcd us irtto bclicvcing ltc was pro-student. Mean—
while. we arc fighting against another tuition hike. and
another proposed raise of the drinking age. Whether these
idctisc are good or bad. I wouldn‘t chastise tltc new College
Democrats Club on ctttttpns because of the "democratic"
policies.

.I ‘obs says that College Republicans can‘t teach its about
politics bccattsc the) lime tltc wrong political bciicls. I say
that you learn about ptllllle by [rririit'i/iultrrc. not be reading
unqualified. biased dritcl.

 

— l'itttI Milberg

 

 

Wanted:
Political cartoonists.
The Albany Slur/cit! Press is looking
for original cr‘ations. relating to politics,
current cvcnts. or any aspect of the state of
the world or tltc campus today.
Call Ed. David or Patty at 457-3389, or
visit the ASP officc. Campus Center 329.
Submissions should be placed in the
editorial pages mailbox.

 

 

 

 

 

. r
M... >..,AH»4’EW.$:~

 

 

?
y ,

 

