 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
       
  

 

By John F. Parker

SIZIII IIRIIIH '

Ttiis weekend in the University gym. the
Sixth Atinuttl Challenge Cup Floor lltlL‘lsU)‘
Tournatiient will take place. The touriiaiiienl
features representative all-star teams from six
different schools'and it has always proleil to
be a real crowd<pleaser when it collies to ex-
citcttieilt. action aiid high inteilsity.

Among the scllools to be represented are:
\ltll’llllllt‘ Academy, Northeastern llniiersl-
ty. Biiigliaintnil State. ()iiconta State. and
Syracuse llttitcrsily. Albany State “I” be
represented by .lti '.-\‘ and a ‘li‘ tcalli and
lll\l), for the lllsl iiilic in loiirtiaillctlt lllsillly.
ail .llunitii teaill .slll be competing.

ll: ' ‘ll' team is tlle tie-lending clitiiiiliioli ol
the (‘iip .Illsl is captained by \‘iittty ( iiilllt.
who is also he ott'alti/ci ol this hockci

tc~tl\.il. ( lllllil l\ one ot scleitil pltiycis on
tlte ‘lt' team who .lIL tc'ltllllllLL' tot lltlllL‘llL‘t
('iip civillpetitlt'n. lle \\lll slillic eoalttlltltlic

.ltitics \\llll Kittc llatliil's.

I).i\c trio-sillalt. .lnothci playci lioiit l.|‘~l
5c.” s ellainpioilsllip team. will anchor the
titttnst \\tlll \llke l’cisl. (in otleilsc. lills

' l till. “I” LL'lllt'l t line between Kaos ll'.tl|l
inatc Bill I lingo and [out Del lllo. .l l cache
3 player. (tillei tlelenseiilcn tilcliule Ktcle
.\lllei, (iaiy \\ eillicinici‘. Stetc Buitllail :iiltl
Ftctc liiclciloll Ilie otltei l'ointirds :lic l)ii\c
Ragcr. I'oili (lrcco. Andy llarinon. Quinton
leis, Scott (‘olicli and Rich I)icili.

Ilieie are usually the playeis on tile tlooi
for a lcaili at a little: too I‘orwaitls. l\\o
dcl'eiisciiien and a goalie. In Ilie ('ltallengc
('tip. another forward will be added to the
Moor, possibly causing some confusion lttl
some ot‘ the plaicts.

‘ “\\'e'\c got to get used to the illild
platet." said I lingo. “I'te played with l'oiit
licloie in piactice games. We play it lot alike.
We play llatd. llilstle. go down and slide -—
we do \tlttltciei we hate to do to win."

..lo|iii l~sposito. as captain of tile ‘A'
squad. \\ ill be leading the forces out to snatch
the title away. I~'sposito's starting 'l'i\‘- are
lioln A lluncll of Fags; Mike lloffiiiali and
Paul (iiiiiia will be on the same line as
l'\|'ltl\llll.

The starting dcleiiscilicti ale also from
l'sposiio‘s team; And) Mania and Ian)
I-iclten “in lead it stiolig dctetisiie coips lliat
itlclntlcs .liiii l'lL'llllily. Scott Ili'ctt. Dong .-\tt-
Ioiiacci aiid .\ialk Rosengold. Ilie toliizlids
will be .\litcllcl| (icillct. lttliy Klein. ls'cith

Vttssliailili. lttii \‘aleittiiio. loe lemon and
Ken \liillcr.

this whole tolliil.ltiicilt. siioiisoietl lit the
.\lillci lllt'll l lte liiclsing t oilipally. will get
outlet \\.t\ on l'lltl.l\ cit-nine tlllkl .ltliillssioii

l\ lice. Ilie ‘\ll\.tll\ "ll" itatll sl;lll\ things
oil when lltc\ lace ott .lt'dill‘vl llte .\ltlll|llllL'
\L'iltls'llH at 7 il.lll,. ,\t H'li. Ilie .-\lbiitt_\ ‘.-\‘s
take on tliieoilta State,

lllL t tip is set tip into .l l\\tt1ll\l\ltill lor-
illitl. lllc Ioui tc.iiiis fit each tliiisioit will play

cllcli nillcl once .illd illele will also be one
s'lllrlll-lL'ttilllL' gaiiic toi L‘\L‘l) tealn.
Ilie galiics nill itlii. licsides l'iidtiy c\cit-

log. all day Sritillday with tile l'inal contest

getting lindcittay at 8:30 DJ". on Sunday.

the tension will heighten as the final gaiiles

take place all al'tciiioon. llic Iii'st settlil'inal

takes place at 5 pm. with the second

sclnil'iiial to immediately follow. Finally. at it '
p.in.. the fight for the pride and glory takes

place ttt decide who has what it takes to lie

cltaiilpioiis.

  Challenge Cup Floor Hockey faces off tonight

zll’R/l. 6. [934

   

 

 

 

 

Andy Weinstock tries to stuff the puck by the‘goalie In action from last year’s

Challenge Cup.

 

UPS

Weak bats hurt Danes in split with Binghamton

By Keith Marder

Al’tlkl‘ Illlltlk

Tltc Albany State nten‘s baseball Icalll split
a doubleheader with the llitlghaiiiton ("ol-
oilials Tuesday afternoon. After dropping
tllc first game 0-3. tllc Danes bounced back
to salvage a split witll a 3—2 victory in tile
.iiigllt cap.

Albany's bats had a wry tough time flies-
day. After accounting for I2 rltiis against
Hartwick on Monday, Ilie Danes cotild only
muster a total of six runs in both games coili-
billed agaitist Ilie Colonials. ()l' the nine
baserunncrs they had in the secottd game. on-
ly tltrcc were due to bits: this lack of offense
accounted for their three runs.

lit the lirst inning of the second game. the
Ditties scored two iiiits on only one hit. Altei
leadol‘f liittcr I-retl Saccacio struck out and
slioilstop Dale I‘lielcman grounded out to

third. lliilghaillton's pitellcr I’ete (ii'ates had
trouble finding the plate. (iroles \HlllsL‘Ll llob
('oitklin. ,Iolln is'akcly and .Iel'l'Mtlcl€achron.
After ('otikliil walked lie stole second base
and (iieg \’ose. Binghaillton‘s catcher. threw
illc ball into center field and (‘oiiklin allianc-
ctl to tlliid. lx'akcly tltctt stole second. This
was it deiiioilstitititlii of ('oach I‘d Ztilooni‘s
iililiiiltg philosophy.

"l liclieie in .lggiessitc itiiiniiig.” said
Zillilolil. “Statistics say tltat running pays off
and I‘m a gambling iilaii.“

lloltie llaiitillond‘s two ltllt siligle gate
Albany a ll) lcad at the ciid of one inning.

I)eja \u struck when the Danes scored ille
clcntilal winning illn. In tile lltiid iilliitig.
(ii'otcs walked ('onkliii who attempted to
steal secoild base. .-\gain Vose threw his at-
tetiipt to nail ('onklin iiilo center field tilloty»'
ing Cokliii to go to third. He eventually

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS
TheDanee only managed slx‘tuna in their doubleheader split with Binghamton.

scored tlli a Macliaclirtlti single.

The brightest spot for Albany in the .se-
cond garlic was pitcher Rob Tobias. The right
lllliider pitched a eolllplete garlic arid had a
shutout tiiilil tltc last inning. Bingliamtoii's
lctidol'f ltitter iii the seventh inning, Neil
liei‘g. hit one right back ttl the box and
Tobias had trouble handling it. Berg even-
tually came around to score witcti teammate
Mike Zait/ Itit all Rlll fieldcr's choice to
I)anc second baseman. Tony Torres.

This proiiipied 'I‘oliias to say. “I blew lily
shutout till all error."

At Ilie beginning of tile first game it seem-
ed. like it would lie the [)ttnes' day. Dane pit-
cher Chris Fletcher went rigltt tlirougll tlte
top of Biilghalnton's order allowing no runs
oit one liil. 'I‘lictt Saccocio led the game off
for Albany. The designated hitter cranked
the first pitclt by a Binghamton pitcher in the
day l)\'L'I' the let't field wall for the Danes' first
“official” home run of the season. Two pit-
clles later Tlteleltian ltit a sllot to deep center
for a double. Tlicleiiitln stole third bttt was
left stranded.

15>

 

By Perry Tlschler
III R

\Illl HR

Sai'atoga.

Wiztiewski.

relatvely new to its as it team."

' d

 

 

All the practicing. conditioning, and hoping was pill aside last Tuesday when an unex-
peeled cog was thrown into Coach Mari Warner’s Albany State women‘s tennis machine.
Rain forced the Albany-Skidlnore opening iiiatclitip indoors arid the style of play reverted
limit a time set outdoor match to a teii game pro set. The result: a 7-2 “lusty” loss in

the flaws were eiident from the beginning as first singles Mindy Ilartsteiii dropped a
10-3 game to a \ciy strong Val Alliger. Things didn't get any better as third singles Lauren
Isaacs lost Ill-3 to taunt Martin and lleleiic Tisltlcr lost I()-4 to Barb Ncwlittgct'. It was
not a good day for Ilie Dane iietwoilien. lillen Yun chalked up Ilie I‘oiirth singles loss as
(,‘aroiyn Spellniatt made easy work of her by a score of Ill-l.

There were few bright spots in this tough showing. (‘aptain John Phillips played well ill
her 10-5 victory over (‘arolyn Spellman and freshman (ieri Chiodo cltalked tip her first
Albany victory with a I0-6 win over Barb Schwarz.

The three doubles matches would not be part of a highlight film. The top Dane duo of
lIartstein and Phillips tied tip the Skidmorc tttndeni of Alliger alid Felton until a 7-2
tiebretlker loss sent them home dejected. Another possible victory slipped away as the
duo of Newlingcr arid Ltiinptoii haiided second doubles Isaaes and Tislilcr a It)-6 loss.
Rounding out the day was a 6-2 loss from Yun and Chcung at the hands of Gargoti aiid

Coach Warner feels there is no cause for alarm. Said Warner, “We had soiiie rust spots
and the girls need some work in doubles. but I think we'll be fine." Warner also felt the
raiil was an illiportani factor in the poor showing. “Things might have been different if
we played outdoors.” said Warner."Thc fast indoor cotirts and the ten garlic pro set were

Willi the loss behind them. they can chalk it up as experience and concentrate oh Satur-
's match with William Smith. With a long season ahead. the loss'should not be any iii.
A I .l'-l}"vi . ., ‘

- ' ‘ l I

dietitian of things to come from thls'haid wo’rkln'g'tet'im.

‘Rusty’ debut for netwomen

 

 

   
    
    
    
    
      
       
      
    
   
       
 
        
     
     
      
   
   
 
     
     
      
  
      
 
     

 

  
   
   
       
        
       
     
    
   

 

 

 

   

A pest Mayteet; Inset: UCB President Doug Kahan

 

ITY or NEW you AT ALBANY BY THE ALBANY STUDENT Pkass‘co'kpoa‘A TION

 

UPS:Inset: ED MARUSSICN UPS

 

The Prelendeitr and Grand Masler Flash will perform this year.

UCB signs Pretenders for ‘Mayfest’

By Maria Carlino -

The Pretenders and Grand Master Flash will perform at
Celebration '84, “barring any unforeseen difficulties/f ac-
cording to University Concert Board President Doug Kahan.

The opening band has not yet been scheduled. Kahan said.

Celebration. also known as "Mayfcst." will be held Satur-
day. May 5 on the grounds between Dutch and Indian
Quads. the Campus Center. and the Gym.

The Pretenders are slated to receive $40,000. Grand

Master Flash will be paid about $5,000 and the third band
selected will be offered no more than $5,000, Kahan said.
' Artists under consideration include The Waitresses.
Yellow Man. Wang Chung, Roger McGuinn. Rick Derr-
inger, the Jim Carole band. NRBQ. Stompers. Jeff Lorber
and Paul Young.

Tickets. limited to H.000, will be sold on a first come first
serve basis. Kahan urgcd students to buy their tickets early
since UCB might sell out. Tickets, on sale in CC343 beginn-
ing Tuesday, April 24, will be $8 for the first ticket per tax
sticker. Two additional tickets on the tax sticker may be pur-
chased at SIZ each. be said. Provided that the event is not
sold out. tickets will be available for $I5 on the day of the
show, he added.

“Come ‘Cclcbration’ time the process of picking bands is
one that proposes a problem every year," said Kahan. UCB

involves approximately I00 members who share in thc deci-
sion making process.

The board, Kahan said. tries to recruit bands that Vwili ap-
peal to the majority of the students. The availability of cur-
Vrently touring bands, their willingness to playbutdoors. and
play along with other bands instead of headlining solo. all
strongly inﬂuence UCB's decision making process, he said.
_' UAS (University Auxiliary Services) sponsored
ﬁefrcshmcnts such as beer. soda, hotdogs. and brownies will
be inclitdcd in the admissions price and provided throughout

'the day. Kahan said.

Mayt‘cst will be held rain or shine. according to Kahan. '

_who added that an exception to this would be an electrical
:storm. In the event of rain. UCB has made arrangements for
'the bands to play under a covered stage. However, Kahan
said. students will have to fend for themselves.

Last year U2. David Johansen. and Robert Hazard per-
Tormed at Mayfest. U2 received $5.0“). Johansen and
Hazard were each paid $4,000.

Mayl‘cst is sponsored by UCB.

g SUNYA's fountains are traditionally turned on the day
before Mayfcst. Thousands ot'studcnts crowd the podium to
,witness the event. In the past. festivities have included a brief
V'cercniony in wltich SUNYA President Vincent 0'l.eary
’tosses in the first I‘risbcc of the season. i l

 

t 5‘

All students with tax stickers are eligible to vote.

 

   

Approximately 900 students turned out to vote Monday on the first day of Student Association electione. The r
polling places. located In the Campus Center (above) and on each of the quads. will close Tuesday evening.

t

 

ERICA BPEIOEL UPS

 

 

 

 

Tuesday--

April 10, 1984

lNUMBE,R 20

Legislature restores
290 positions to
SUNY for 198485

By Eric Hindin
smu- low/mi

The NY. state legislature has added 290 positions to the
SUNY system. restoring a small fraction of the I. I00jobs cut
in last year's budget.

Student leaders are not. according to Mike Danahy. com-
munications director for Student Association for the State
University (SASU). satisfied with these additions, as the
SUNY systclii itas lost 44I3 positions over the last nine years.
and the increase will not bring the number of SUNY faculty
arid staff to the level they were before last year's cuts.

This will be the first time in nine years that SUNY schools
will gain faculty and staff iii non-hospital positions.

The lit-ilkdowii oi"
the jobs added by the
legislature will be
determined at the end
of April by tlte SUNY
Board of Trustees. ac-
cording to Student
Association President
Rich Schal'fer.

Schaft'er said the
legislature's proposal
could mean tip to 35
additional positions for
SUNYA. to be filled at
the discretion of
SUNYA President Vin-
cent O‘l.cary.

'The additional per-
sonnel .shotild eliminate
any need for a bus fee
during the upcoming
year. Sclial'fcr said.
The bus service was
originally slated to lose
some staff. causing ad-
ministrators to serious-
ly consider tllc need for
a bits fee in order to
maintain service.

What has been pass-
cd by the legislature in
place of Cuomo‘s
original recommenda-
tion. Danahy contend-
ed. is a victory for
students. There will be
no tuition increase this
Year. allhmlgh the"? GRAPH av PATRICIA MITCHELL
will be a $I50 dollar dorm increase.

According to Assemblyman Mark Allan Sicgal. head of
the Assembly higher education committee, Cuomo advocates
making the cost ofattending a SUNY school high enough so
that students looking for a cheaper alternative to a private iii-
stitutiott will be less likely to cltoose a SUNY school.

 

Effect of State Budget
on SUNY Positione

1.100 Positions Cut

 
   
  
 
 

 

 

290 Positions.
Restored

  

times
Budget

1983-84
Budget

 

 

 

Siegal also critici/ed Cuomo, saying that tile Governor. it
given his way, would iiicieasc SUNY tuition by 52000 dollar
over a four year period.

(‘urreiitly tilidcr debate. Datiahy said. is tlte definition oi
state sulisidi/ittion of higher education. Cuomo belietes. ac-
cording to Danahy. that the state pays the majority of a
SUNY student‘s cost of living on campus atid that studciit~
should pay a greater share. SASU officials argue that ill
defining slate subsidization. the co‘ sfor services such a
grounds maintenance, public safety, r .‘ tttial life staff, ate
similar departments should not be included iii calculations.

Even with Cuonio's $150 dollar tloriit increase. SASU of-
ficials will be pleased if Ilie curreilt debate among govern-
ment officials yields a favorable definition ofstate subsidizti-
lion. Dallahy explained. Also bildgeted by the legislature is
$13 iniliioil dollars in assistance for community colleges that
offer htlsiiiess aild technical progratiis. Danahy said.

 

In Ctioiiio's excctttivc budget, released in January. l984.
he proposed a $200 tuition hike. and a $150 dorm rent iii-
ercase. Student leaders organized groups to lobby the
legislature to prevent a SUNY rate hike.

Last month Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink and Senate
Majority Leader Warren Anderson came out againSI
Ctlolno's proposed tttiiion hike.

Student leildcrs declared this a victory. saying that the in-
formed lobbying drive of this year was more effective than
the mass lobbying efforts held last year. Cl

 
  

 

