t

l;
t;
,.
;,

 

. . ﬁrﬁiwm.‘

    
   
  

 

 

 

 

 

’pricc stipulated by the In

 

 

 

, he Reagan Administration has scored a major victory
»..at thej‘lt inseof equality and justice for women. A re-
. cent Sftpreme Court reinterpretation of a Iawtying sex
discrimination to financial aid for colleges and universities
(see story. p.l) reveals the typically backwards inhumani-
ty of the conservative mentality. and signals a clear danger
for the rights of minorities in this country.

Titie'Ix. of the I972 Education Amendments used to die-
tate that if sett discrimination was discovered anywhere on a
campus. the schools entire federal aid program could be
completely cut off. With the recent ruling. only ald to'the
specific program caught discriminating would be lost..leavlng
the college or university as a whole unaffected.

 

The ruling has been touted in the media as the Reagan Ad- I

ministration's first key victory in the courts over the
women's rights .issue. Why would something defying and
damaging the efforts to achieve equality for women be a vic-
tory for the leader of our nation? And why would his ad-
ministration speciﬁcally work towards seeing this damage
done? -

The answer to these simple questions can be found in the
basic dogma of the conservative movement. Generally. this
entails a world run by (a minority of) rich. old. white. chris-

exism'inthe Court

tian tnen at the expense of the remaining billions of humans
with wltom they share this planet. .

Conservative activists in government, such as those who
helped achieve this debacle in the Supreme Court. desire at
all costs to preserve the status qtto. in many cases. sttch as
human rights. they wish to see the social progress of modern
times erased. in favor ofa return to some form of the“ good
old days." Unfortunately. the ‘good old days." means
discrimination against. and oppression of women and
minorities.

The Reagan Administration is obviously pursuing such a
backwards and unjust course. Criticism of Reagan's policy
towards women’s rights has been constant throughout his
term. The Court's ruling. which conservatives have labored
so hard to see passed. clearly opens the doors for discrimina-

V tion to return to America‘s campuses. It is a loophole around

equality and justice for women. Therefore. it is a victory for
the Reagan Administration.

The influence of Reagan and the conservative movement
on the Supreme Court will not stop at sex discrimination. Ti-
tle ix is strikingly similar to Title VI of the I964 Civil Rights
Act. the backbone of the accomplishments of the civil rights
movement.

What is to stop the Administration from largclittg m.
rights of minorities as. its next victim? After \Villtcssini
Reagan‘s undercutting of the Civil Rights COtIllllissionL
minorities have good reason to fear what may come tlth '

The ability for a conservative administration to lllitittlc ti...
kind of reactionary policy must be put to an end. Instead of
progressing towards equality we are regressing towards up.
pression. a sad and embarrassing comment on the state of the
nation. . .

The Court's tunnel-Vision interpretation of Tillc IX em.
phasizes the urgent need for an equal rigltts amendment. tr 1.
absurd that our government cannot come out with tr sltllplg
statement that women are equal to men as human beings tllltl
should be treated as such. There must be an unconditional
commitment to fight for the rights of women against it...
status quo of sexism. which Reagan and his cohorts would
love to see preserved. Equality. not sexism. should be the rttlc
in American society.

This being an election year. Reagan's treatment of women
and minorities could come back to haunt him. If Democratic
candidates have the courage to highlight these controversial
issues. and voters have the good sense to stand up for vvlrtn is
right. the wounds of the conservative attack on human rigluv
can be repaired.

The effects of the Title iX misinterpretation may not be
great. bttt the issues it raises are. ’ }

 

COLUMN

Graduate fee:

A recent controversy has surfaced regarding tltc imposi-
tion ol‘a graduate student fcc. Most of the pritttcd discussion
has nttrtckcd the proposal. A cottttttott mivpcrccption
perpetuated by opponents is than grndutttc sltltlctllv tlo not
use Studcitt Association fttndcd trctivitics utttl scl'viccs. A
typical cynmplc of this rugumcrtt vvrts tltc column tltut up.
pcttrcd in tire ASP of Friday. March 2nd.

[gravid Ta 1

Mr. Mnrtinittno's views. like so muny others. miss lltc‘
principle justification for tire ittrpositiou of this fee. liis
claim that grttduute \llltlL‘llIS do not use Student Association
servtccs is untrue. therefore. graduate students should be
I'ortttttlly entitled to ttrk - advantage of the full range oI ser-
vices that Student Association provides for the students. On-
poncnts.‘ such as Mr. Martiniano. httvc downplayed the
amount of grndntttc student involvcmcnt itt Student
Association-sponsored.- grottps. There are \ttbsltlnlitti
numbers of graduate students who are active members of
these SA recognized and funded groups. Many of tile
ctrlttrrnl groups have memberships comprised of n unijority

 

.ol‘ graduatestudcnts. Some of these groups are tttttortg the

groups tttcrttioned by Mr. Martiniuno its fighting over the
limited revenues that Student Association cttrrcntly brings itt.
Despite otrr limited budget. we have tried to arcconmdute
these groups with increased funding. Most ot'tbc mcmbcrs of
these groups are graduate students from foreign countries
vvlto have joined l'or_ sueial. cultural. and educational pur-
poses. The majority of these students do not pity the student
activities fee. vet thc' pay the lower membership ad-
rmssron prrcc for activ s as opposednouhe non-tux curd
dtll‘crctrtittl poli v. We could con-
ccivnbly give orrt their appropriation to ottpv that consist'
exclusively of lttx-pttying mcttthcrs since tltcy cotttribtttc

 

    

 

more to the student fttttd. but we don‘t. This is because we
believe these cultural groups have something to offer to tllc
emirc student comtttunity nttd foster cultural awareness. it
these groups rcflcctcd Mr. Mnrlinituto‘s attitude that Student
Association is unnecessary itt utttintttiniug its c\istcncc. l crttr
rtvvtrrc yott thnt tltcy would not bcnrouttd for long. Mme of
these groups operate at a deficit turd fail to meet tltcit incotnc
littc. For this reason. we have strivctl to imist them its trtttclt
Il\ possiblc.

Stttdcnt Association looks ortt lot the interests of till
groups. trot just undergraduates. Itt regard to the Governor's
proposed tttitiott bikes. I don‘t ltcrtr us oll'crittg tt counter-
ptopsul tltut grndttnte tuition should be increased t\\icc us
much so than ttndctgrnduntc tuition IL‘tIIliill tit its cutrctrt
lt.‘\cl.'

Mr. Mnrtitrittno brings up rt vrtlid poittt that most graduate
students li\c off-campus. As on ()l'f—ctunpus representative
of Central Council. l tun conccrttcd vvitlt tltc rcccnt stile of
the Wellington Iiotcl. Tlrttt vvorrld mctut tut cvctttttttl incrcttsc
of I75 students to tlil nlrcndy enormous off-campus [lttpltlil-
ttott of five thousand students. Mttny of lllcsc students are
graduate students who will soon be displnccd bccttusc of tile
sttlc. We will scck solutions for all these \lutlcms. ttot iust tltc
tttttlcrgrnduutcs. .

I um also concerned with the SUNYA bus services. Witlt
the proposed bus fcc for off-cutltpus students. I do ttot sec
uttyottc proposing solutions that vvottld only benefit the off-
cumpus undergraduate st ttdcrtt tutti cvchttlc tltc graduate off-
cumpus student. I don't hear any off-ctrmpus student sttv:
“Why don't you just clturgc tltc graduate studcnt? We dtrti‘t
care what happens to them!" Well. I care! This is an issue
that everyone should be concerned about! Along with tile
)tllL‘ of tile Wellington. comes plans to divcotrtimu: tltc \Vcll-
tttgtott bus service. i agree with Mr. Murtininno Iltztt mtmv
graduate students have internships and professional work cy-

 

wHeN I FIR5T MeT You,
You WeRe STuBBoRN.
aRRoeaN'l} Serf—RiegTeoog,
aND UNYieLDiNG.

  
  
    
  

 

Now You’Re a 111719 MORe
FORleiNG, PaTIeNT, aND
FLGXt'BLe —- a LITTLe
MoRe PRaGMath.

WHaT HaPPeNeD
“lb THaT GUY
I 056D
To LOVe?

 status may

 

 

 

  

    
  
   

Aam.”....,~..,,,M,mm

 

  

 
 

MORAL MAJORITY

CITY PLANNER’a

   

\‘ \ \\ I \ ‘ Att'
. x “No \: s . .-‘
\\\\\\. A  s.

the other side

pcricuccs away from the uptown ctllllptts. .\|.itty
undergraduate students dons well. As ottc of thove \llttlt'ltlv
that rely on the Wellittgtott bus to bring tire to my ilttvt Itxltlp
everyday. i must agree that this serv'ce should be Illltill‘.ttll
ed. \\"- nrc lighting to keep this scvtcc for everyone - you
cilll'l tell tire that not one grudttntc student vvlto liv \.'\ l‘cyt uni
Draper Hall is concerned with tile possibility ol tlist‘ttlllllltlu
tiou. \\'h_\ sllttttltl they be different? As such. Student
r\\\ttcittllt)ll is fighting for tire interests of it” students. lt'~.
tilttc that thesc fcw grudtuttc slttdcttts dispel this . ‘Ittttt'
something for nothing” ttotiott illttl fucc the llth that \\L' rllk
one of tile few rcntnittittg collcg tlrtu do not iurlurlt-
grndtuttc students itt tltc student activity fee. if thiv propo-u!
1‘ "I" llllblcmentcd. I would feel compelled to itutodurt- or
support legislation that would strictly litttit tutti ctrtotce pm»
ticipntion of till Student Association activities only to l.l\A
paying students. thus. runny worthy groups with high pctceu-
lttgcs of grtrdutuc students would be forced to [lift] clvevv ltctc
tor cnthusinstic members. If this fee were to be tormttli/t-d.
graduate students would have an equal voice in lllc student
activity funds and will. itr turn. channel funds to rtrturv vvot-
thwhilc activities catering to the interests of gl‘iitlttlllc
\llltlL'ltiS. l tltirtk it‘s tiruc for tile grttdurtte sltltlcttlsrwllo do
use Stttderrt Association's services. and there rue it cott-
stdcrablc number. to contribute accordingly.
Undergraduates who do pay their student rtctivitv lccs
should trot be sttbsidi/ing non-contributing graduate
\lll(it.'lll.h. Titus. wc at Student Association would be willing
to revise ottr Constitution to nccomrnvultttc nn curtail
u'Itt'Ll‘sctrttttion in till student govcrttcnt offices for grndutue
ittt r- > ‘ ' a
‘ studeiilti if theyiithould  mu“ M

 

 

l'ltih'illl

 

 

F'ltt' mil/tor is an off-culinary representative of Celt/ml C 'nttII»
('II, the legislative brunt/I of Student Association.

SFEIN ’Bt

R0004 M'm.
Newa -NEA
CPS

   
  
   

    
 

 
  
 
 

 
 
 

l§EE THE

   
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

GOT ifs MAN
IN THE

 
 
 

OFFICE.

  

 
 
 
 
 

 
   
  
  
  
 

 

   

,‘

   
   
  

 
 

\"--
«(max

  
     
 

     
 
    

“AW” ‘

      

2 4/-
‘t'(_,///

      
 
 

  

..,,

  
 

1,  Why/um,

. ‘\\

               

     
       
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LET Ens

Unified effort
To the Editor: '

As a legislative intern 'in the New York State Senate. I wish
to give an informed response to the ASP‘s February 24 arti-
cle on Senator Jay P. Rolison's proposed alternative to rats-
t'ng the drinking age.

In a state where there is growing enthusiasm for a law to
raise the drinking age to 2|. it is time for those with vested in-
terests in preventing the passage of this legislation to wake
upl Should‘ the drinking age be raised; Students.
Restauranters. Bar Ow'ners. Liquor Dealers and others
would suffer enormous financial and social hardships. The
prrrposc of this legislation is to redtrce the number of alcohol-
related traffic accidents. yet it would punish all I8. 19 arid 20
year olds by revoking their right to drink. Furthermore. it
would threaten the livelihood of many bar owners who enter
to an tinder 2i crowd.

On February i5. Senator Jay P. Roiison. Jr. (R-C.
Poughkéepsie) went to battle on behalf of those who would
unnecessarily suffer if the drinking age were raised to Zl. He
announced his sponsorship of legislation that would serve to
rerttove the young. inexperienced drinking driver from ottr
roads in order to redttce auto accidents. bttt wilhottt raising
the drittkittg age to 2i. This bill would revoke. ttrttil ngc 2|.
the driver's license of ntty young adult convicted of driving
wltilc intoxicated. Senator Rolison offers art alternative to
raising the driking age. based on the fact that 99.5 percent of
all Iii-20 year old drivers were not involved iii any alcohol-
related traffic incidents. The legislation if passed. would
justifiably punish youthful offenders who drink turd drivc
bttt Senator Rolison added. “it would ttot affect the over-
whclming majority of young drivcrs who ltuve demonstrated
by their clean records tltcir ability to handle their respon-
sibilitics.”

 

spectcS

. Established In 1919
David L.L. Lukln. Editor In Chief
Patricia Mitchell, Managing Editor

   
  
  
  
  
  
 

New! Editor: .Stave Fox. Heidi Gralla
Associate N. I Editor . .Jurty Campiana
Ashen Editor .. . . . . . . . ...Juhn Keenan
Anaclata ASPocta Editor . Stephen Matks
Sound Editor. Jonas Naehsln

.. om Kacandoa
Matt: Batman. Keith Matdur
.Mare Schwatz
. Edward Reine:
y rover. Annette Perot
. . . . . . . . . . . . Ed Maruaalcb

Editorial Panel Editor . . . .
Copy Editors. . . ..
Photography Editor . .

 

 

Mark Gutter. Sanlar Edllar

Contributing Stilton: Dean Batz. Dabble Juana. Mark Levtna.Gatl Marvell.
Wayne Paeteboom. Holly Praall. Anthony Silber. thta Strain. Edllnrlal
Alalltanta: Jane Anderson. Dean Chang. Ian Clements. Jlm O'Sulllvan. Stall
wrllarl: Allaen Brown. Stove Bryson. Michelle Bushar. Alicia cimbora. Kaytn
Clarke. Belay Eckal. Robert Gatdlnlat. Ronald Brant Getslan. Adam Good-
man. Ben Gordon. Robert Hayes. Etic HIrtdIn. Norma Koe. Michelle Krell.
Alice McDarmoll. Catyn Mlske. Suzanne Murphy. John Parker. Madtly
Pascucci. Christine Reitell. JDo Romano. Shaitah Sable. Davtd Singer.
Michael Skolnlck. Alan Sbmkln. tan Spelltnu. Megan Gray Taylor. John Thor—
butn. Party l’lschtot. Keth Van Allen. tlono Womstotn. Mark Wrtnartt. John
thlmott. Spectrum Editors: Ellen Fttznerald. Flinn Young

Judy Total. Business Manager
Lynn Satavls. Associate Bustness Manager
Jana Hirsch. Rhonda Woll.Advarltsrng Managers
Mike Kralmar. Sales Manager

. Rnnttec ﬂottnt
.....Cvny Ptstosa

 

 

Billing Accountants ..
PayrollSupatviaat . .
Classilled Manager . .... . . Joanan Hannttnq
Composition Managers. . Jenny Block. Matk Catnlrttvo
Advattialng Salas: Davtd Dantels. Htctr Golden. Susan Klimt. stove Lemur;
man, Mark Sussman. Advertising Production: Leo Etrcksun. Dcurn Ftuemun,
Etatne Ftlntier. Joanne Gilblllg. Jutto Mark. Ellyn Muto. Sharon Oktrn. Lynne
Stopei. Charoletto Shubo. Ellen Wtseman. Oitlea Stall: Christine Brnpnr. Luv
ttn Delgado. Marjorie Rosentttat

 

   

Sua Pachlnaky. Fronurttun Manager

Chlat Typasatiar ., ..... .... . ., Lrtntmy Ht'ytlirlli
Pasterup: Susan Kerr, n t. . eotgo lotto. Typists: thtt Capo/Iota.
Choryl Kaplnn. Nancy Ktlltun. Phyllis Lelknwdl. Retro Lownnhtnuu. Scott
Trendsetter. Chauliauts: Erie Dori. Steven Mnnkoll

   

Photography princttmlly supplied by Unrvctsrty Photo Servtcn. .r student
group.

Chlei Photographer: Ett MatusstnhUPs stall: Amy Cohan. Shorty Leo Cohort.
C'IldY GB'WHY. Philip Hack, Kenny Kitsnh. ilachel Lttwm. Robert Ltrckny. Lots
Maltabunl. suaan Elaine Mtnttrch. Bttlty Rorcher. Lian Simmons. Lauren
Sitter. Robert Saucy. Erica Spoigul. WiliiDn Stout. Jaipur. Vatnntrno. Jason
Zoppul

Entire contents copyright IBM Albany Studant Press Corporation. all
right: reserved.

The Albany Sindonl Press is published Tuesdays and Frutuys butwoon
August and June by the Albany Stutiont Ptnss Corporation. an urunpnntlnnt
"Di-lot-ptoltl corporation.

Editorials are written by the Edttot tn Chlal with members at the Editorial
503m: policy ts subject to review by tile Editorial Board. Columns .‘ttn written
DY mombnts oi the university community and do not necessarily tnpresont
editorial policy. Advertising policy does not neaassattly ruilact editorial
policy.

Mailing address:
Albany Student Pleas. CC 329
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY 12222
(5”?) 457-889213322/3309

 

 

 

...rr all. u ~ ~ .v. ....

l was astonished by the mixed reaction on the part of ‘
SASU and some of the representaIIVes of bar owners in the
area. As these groups comprise members who would
significantly suffer if the drinking age were raised to 2|. I
think‘ they should take tltc time to properly inform
themselves of this valttablc alternative to a 21 year old drink-
irtg age. In lieu of the sympathetic considerations given to a
2] year old drinking age by various factions of the State
(along with the Governor’s support). those opposed to this
possibility ltad better start ntobi zing support for Senator
Rolison‘s hill! Only with a unified. determined and focused
effort on the part of students. bar owners and liquor assoela.
lions can the legislators in Albany be persuaded to adopt
Rolison's bill as opposed to raising the drinking age. it is this
student's opinion that the Rolison bill could accomplish all
the objectives of raising the State‘s uniform drinking age
without pcnali/ing the 99.5 percent of 18-20 year old drivers
who have not abused thcir privileges or ignored their respon-
sibilities.

—Mark Berrnan
SUN Y .S‘IudenI/Legis/alt've Session Assistant

Ban fraternities

To the Editor: ‘

The ASP article. SUNYA Social Frats Provide Leader-
ship. Unity. of Feb. 24. described the Kappa Alpha Psi in
glowing terms. It neglected to mention however that frater-
nities arc exclusionary groups accepting only those who meet
the criteria. Unlike academic honor societies. however.
where tltc criteritr is vcry cl -nr|y defittcd and anybody who
works hard enough ctm tltcorcticttlly mcct the admi "on re-
quirements. admission to :1 social frutcrnity/sorority is corn-
plctcly arbitrary. based on whether or not the L‘tllldidlllL‘ is
thought to be “the type" or if he or she will “fit in". The
Kappa tttcntiotrcd in tire article. us well as runny other social
fraternities. scc themselves its leaders and thlllUL , and try to
develop lctttlct‘sllip ttbility. Those who are rtot Knppns do ttot
have the opportunity to take advantage of their leadership
development program.

it can b - argued that while groups such as tltc Kuppus may
be social snobs they do touch for thc cotrttttttnity with their
charity work downtown and their political progrumtttittg.
Unfortunately only this select group determines vvhttt tlr ~ ttc-
tivitics will be. It is very dangerous for h group with an exclu-
sionary membership policy to feel that they as the "lenders"
are the most qunlil'icd to set tttttclt of the political and social
service ttgctttlu for tltc other Blocks on campus. What right
have they?

 

 

it is ironic tltnt tltc Kartan as well as all tltc other frater-

nities/sororities on campus which take the "leadership"
rhetoric seriously are composed of Blacks. Oppresscd and ex-
clttdcd front tire majority of society themselves. they set tip a
hierarchial structure among their fellow Blacks. All Blacks
are “brothers” but fraternity brothers are ntorc "brothers"
titan others. Black fraternities and sororities imitate tltc
snobbishncss. prejudice and discrimination of US. society at
large. By joining and supporting these elitist gmups Blacks
take on the mentality of the oppressor.

l ant a white female graduate student who came from an
undergraduate women's collcgc vvltcrc sororities were forbid-
den: During that time. however. I belonged to :1 Kosher
cooking cooperative which thought of itself as tltc Jewish
elite on catnptts because of our supposedly grcntcr dedication
to what we bclicvcd Judaism was. Most programming and
policy decisions for the Jews on ctttttptts vvcrc mad ' around
ottr dittncr tnblc. Today i remember with deep shame and
regret the pnitt \vc cnuscd to those whom we 'scludcd by ottr
arrogant attitude because for one reason or another they did
not tttcct ottrcritcrin of what it .lew ot'jcwish bcltnvior should
be. That is. they did not “fit in". We tilicttutcd those Jews
who did not share our outlook from jcyvislt life on campus.
()ttr slogan was “We are one“ btrt ottr attitudes and and tic-
lions made US a divisive force.

The motto of SUNY is “l.ct I-Zttch liccomc All that He is
Capable of liciug". The purpose of thc ttttivcrsity is to give
us tltc skills turd knowledge in nu atmosphere of cuunlity.
tcspcct and fellowship to cunblc us to ncl il\ lenders to work
for u bettcr society. True lenders unite people. not dividc
them. Thus itt spite of their lcttdcrship ilittl sct'yicc rhetoric.
by tltcir very nature fraternities tire the llnlilllcsis of
everything the university stands for. SUNYs should follow
the cyttmplc of .‘\Illllt.‘t‘\l and butt frutct'ttitics.

— Shurtttt Long

Personal development

To the Editor:

This letter is in rcfcrcncc to tire ZIl‘llClL‘ printed on Tucs..
l-‘cb. lit. [984: “SUNYA socinl l'rnls promotc Icndcrship.
unity.” (‘ontrnry to tire article. the lirothcrs of Phi Betti
Signor lirnt. lttc.. Mtt lotn Chapter. would like to cxplnin
tllnt ottr plcdgc program does not consist of stepping. but
developing lcndcrship. strengthening a person‘s positive
characteristics. and promoting uttin and brotherhood so that
each pledge ntctttbcr may reach their desires and fulfill their
asp" ions in life. Mtt iotn Chapter would like to express
that stepping is only a nrintrte facet of our fraternity. Instead.

 

we reflect on our most recent achievements which have left .an

imprint on SUNYA. We are the first national fraternity to
ever present awards. one to a member of the facility for
outstanding aclticvcntcttt in his profession, Prof. William

 

Bray. and to a'member of UAS. Mrs. Eianora Willingham.
for her service to the student body. We have also registered
democratic voters door-to-door for Mrs. Sandra Rose Tem-
pie. councilwoman for Albany's 3rd district. participated in
Minortiy Recruitment Day as counselors at SUNYA. our ac-
complishments are endless. Thus for six members who are
upperclass men and who will make a contribution to our

, society in the business world. we would llke'i‘or everyone to

remember the intellectual brothers of Phi Beta Sigma. Frat.
inc. Mu Iota.
. — Sydney [-3. Pigott

Open door

To the Editor:

In responding to my letter. Mr. McGuire and Mr.
McPartlin proved that they are excellent writers. however.
they lack in the area of reading comprehension.

i never said people should be politically apathetic. I never
attacked civil liberties. Martin Luther King or Roger
~Baldwin. (Thomas Jefferson. by the way. fought the tyranny
of a British King - not an American President or an
American government.)

What i did say was tlrut there is a world of difference bet-
ween constructive political ittvulvcment (working on a cam-
pnigtt. petitioning or writing to your representative. voting in
art cicctiott. etc.). and unconstructive bellyaching that
borders vtrt tltc realm of civil disobedience. l refer to those
who have no ltlctts for the bettcrtncrtt of our society. just the
usuttl practice of living off their parents liberalistic drolc that
has bccotue all too common on ottr college campuses. The
people who opcttly belong to socialist. fncist. or cotttmunist
otgttni/tttions on this campus and around the country are ob-
vioust ttot prepared to live itt n capitalistic society. There tttc
plenty ot coutrics on this eurtlt which would pluittly suit tltcsc
pc.lplc better. The door hats ttlwrtys been open. Why haven't
they tt'vcti it'.’

for very sorry Illltl l\Ir. Mc(iuircund Mr. Mel’nttlin miss»
ed the t'llllIL‘ poirtt ol ttty letter and then got so caught tip in
tllclt emotions that tltcy prttcticully lrtbclcd men racist. which
I iIIII Ilttl. the United States ol America must be thought or
as n icillll illltl can only succeed when its citi/ctts ptrt iii a team
ell'ott. it you want to voice your opittiott itt constructive
ways. Iinc. tltttt's what this country is all ttbout.‘lf you want
to cry illltl vvltimpct‘ like u spoiled child. my offer strtrtrls. love
it or lcttvc it. ‘

—Murlin (.‘rossumn

Positive proposal

To the Editor: V

In response to tile t‘cccnl ASP article. “Senator ()ffcrs
Alternative to 2t Drirtking Age" I would like the students of
this University to seriously weigh tltc merits of Sen. Jay P.
Roiison's proposal. .

The bill which Sctt. Rolison proposes would, "revoke tttttil
age 21. the drivers license of any young adrtit convicted of
driving while intoxicated." I see this as an excellent ulter-
nttlivc to raising tltc drinking age. Wily? you might ask. Let's
look at some facts.

First of nil. nltltottglr opponents of the bill see it as ttge
diyctimimttory. they fail to recognize tltc fact that 24 pcrccttl
of all alcohol l‘L'ltIlL'ti accidents in this stntc involved drivcrs
ngctl lﬁ-Zl. This trt 'tllls that one ottt of every four :tccidcnts
involved someortc in our ttgc group. I firmly believe llltll it
you tltittk ittvcrn ovvttcrs like Peter linttttrnn (litu'po‘s l’llb)
care about anything bttt lining tltcir own pockets. you are
sadly mistukcn. The poirtt raised by Mr. Iltutmntt (“but
about tltc l‘ifty‘ year old driver) obv iously shows his ignorance
and L'llllt)ll\ tll\l‘cgtll't.i for student prttrotts.

l’urthctmorc. if he had given serious thought to Sen.
Rolison‘s bill ottc would think ltc would see it its no ttltct-
tttttivc which would ttot hurt his business.

One of tire most \Itll tlirtg aspects of tire ,lSl’ article was the
seemingly nou~cotumittrtl position of SASU. As our elected
student representatives one would think they would lirtc up itt
sllppttl‘l ol Rolison‘s bill.

The tntionttlc which Scntttor Rolisott‘v bill buses its pr.»
posttl is simple. lle firmly bclicvcs Iltut legislators shouldn‘t
punish the majority of yottttg adults for the tcsporrsilvilitv ot
n t'cvv. ilc points to the ftth that 99.5 ilcl’cclll ot ull lit-ltlvctu
old drivers were not involved itt ntty alcohol related traffic in-
L'ltlL‘ills Inst ycrtr. l)o yott tltittk it is frtir that your pti\ilcgc to
drink might be tnkcrt nvvny becnuvcu small DL‘I‘L'L‘IIlilgL‘ Ult‘llt
pcers (.5 pcrccrtt) nctcd irresponsibly"! I don't! This is lllt'
lllllill rcttsou l fch Sen. Rolivou‘s “turgctcd upprortcb" t-.
t'eusiblc.

I do not feel that raising the drinking age is the ttttsuct'. In
fact I tltittk it will be counter productive. The legal purchuw
ugc doesn't dctcrtttittc vvltcthcr you drittk but simply when

l illlfi where you drink. Raising tltc purcltnsc ttgc would cunsc .l
gt'cltlct‘ tuttttbcr of teenagers to drink ltt their ‘nrs. posvilvlv
resulting in ltigltcr drinking related fatalities.

In conclusion. l‘d advise tltnt the students of this Urrivcryi

' ty weigh tltc merits of Scn. Rolison's bill. Even though some

might think of it IIS it tough mcrtsurc. I believe lie is giving us

a chance to prove ottr responsibility. Something no otltct

legislators (including the Governor who is stabbing us iii the
back again with tuition hikes) are doing.

-—Daniel Broderick

William King

 

