 

 

 

 

 

"~"'":,‘
~rr:H=+'<’»-——~

J

[g

 

 

 

 

,M ._. .._-—‘M Cm..- C. "0,7. ....

  

 

 l ’ ,‘EDrroRtALé;

AL|~553h|

‘

 activism: anew era?

his weekend an event look place which could change
_ the course of the student movement in America. The}.
National Conference on Student Voter Registration,

held at Harvard University, was a. symbol of great promise
for the power of the student.vote. and the inﬂuence of stu-
dent activism as a whole. v‘ ,

Student activism has come a long way in the past twenty
years. During the l960‘s, a time of great prosperity for t c
nation, the "establishment" was taken by surprise with the
blossoming of radical dissatisfaction, denial and protest
among the youth.

The actual and ideological conflicts waged in the 60's were
fresh and dynamic, viewed by both sides as uncompromising
battles between right and wrong. One motif which—ran
through the cacophony of student activism was an uncondi-
tional rejection of authority, of “the system." and the desire
to create a whole new one which would embody all the ideals
of the progressive movement.

During the 1970's. the fervor and vitality of student activism

began to wane. In the face of the painful realities of the ‘

recession, ﬁnding a job became a greater concern, and a
higher priority. And the best road to‘survival and security
seemed to lead straighf into the"capitalistic corporate
"system."

Although the activists of the sixties made a mark on
American society, they were greatly disappointed in their vi-
sions of sweeping change ‘and a new world order. Exposing
the tragedy of Vietnam and the ﬁasco of Watergate tainted
the social fabric of the nation with deep cynicism and disillu-
sionment. A “what's the use" attitude infected students,
who had already begun to feel burdened by the ideals of the
past generation.

The focus ofstudcnt leaders today has shifted from uncon-
ditional protest. and alienation from authority, to becoming
an inﬂuential and effective force within the system. Since the

COLUMN

days of sit-ins. marches and violence, the student movement
has experienced great re-educatlon and organization. State-
and‘ nationwide student associations have developed tm-
pressiVe degrees of awareness and sophistication. Student-
run Public Interest Research Groups (PlRG's). the brain;
child of Ralph Nader. have become a sitcces'sful'force effec-
ting dramatic change within the system. The Conference at
Harvard was a reﬂection 'of this transformation of student
awareness and activism. . O

The conference was organized not by uneompromtstng
single-issue radicals, but by this new breed of student leaders.
They focused on developing a viable and ﬂexible network of
communication and organization, not on explosive forms of
protest and disobedience. They have come to appreciate that
in a democratic society, the power for long term, fundamen-
tal. change can be in the hands of the people. Through the
vote. lobbying efforts, citizen actions and outright‘protest,
the student voice can cry out for many issues, and be heard
loud and clear on all levels of the political and economic
system.

What occurred this weekend at Harvard was indeed a great
step towards realizing this renaissance of the student move-
ment. Student leaders from all over the country have now
been introduced to the techniques of voter registration; con-
ducting campaigns; community relations; reaching out to the
poor, minorities, and other disenfranchised people; working
with the media, and other basic topics involved with in-
itiating more effective political awareness and activism. They
began learning how to work within the system to change it, to
become better citizeris and advocates for the cau'se of peace
and justice.

But the best thing about the conference was that student
leaders had the opportunity to talk with each other. Here
finally was the afﬁrmation of student unity and power which
had become so elusive during the past decade. This un-

uw.wu “swam-u- “-7-u... ....

precede

 
   

 

nted interaction symbolized the new spirit. of com.
munication and organization which was the drlvtng ton-c
behind the conference.

For all the hope and promise it held. the conference also
revealed some serious problems. it restored the basic 5mm
and goals which are the necessary groundwork for a guc.
eessful student movement. But the massive radical coordina.
tion of students across the country will demand a'tremendom
and efficient effort. The real work is just beginning, as these
two students return home to put their newfonnd acttvrsm to

the test. ,
The organization of the New York caucus was very disap.

pointing, especially considering the impurtance of the state in

national politics. The presentation by NYPIRG and sAsu
representatives was sadly' unimpresstvc and left many
students unsure of what their next step should be. And this is
where the movement will either blossom or die, on the slate
and regional levels, on the campuses and in the local com-
munities.

If the conference can realize its goals, it will certainly lead
to the most powerful, intelligent and effective student move-
ment this nation has ever witnessed. We will become not only
a force at election time, but a constant voice for progressive
change.

Everyone at the conference was charged with excitement,
even inspired, by the prospects of being a part of this new
movement. if they can communicate this feeling, this
knowledge that we can make this world a better place to live
without tearing it down in the process, then the seeds of this
weekend will one day blossom into the fruits of peace and
justice. '

This conference proved that the notion of student apathy
is a myth waiting to be exploded. The ﬁrst step for every stu-
dent is registering to vote and making our voices heard in
November. From there it is up to us; it is our world, and we
now have. like no other people in history have ever had, the
knowledge and power to change it for the better.

Let's not blow it.

Competition serv'es the Arts

in the early years of the decade. way back in the year I950.
a group of stone age visionaries, poets, and extremist
philosophers decided that they did not like the campus
literary magazine that at that time was the sole outlet for
literary and visual 'expression on the campus of SUNY at
Albany. Accordingly, they had a series of meetings on that
massive Bauhaus dinosaur we call a campus, and thrashed
out the ideas and goals that would be at the guts of a new
publication. Way down deep in the bowels towardsvthc vcnt,
down deep in the nadir of the beast. so to speak, they devised
the ideas of founding an alternative arts magazine. This one
would represent those writers and other technicians of the
visual and the verbal‘landscape who did not ﬁnd their work
appearing int-that'original publication (named Tangent).
They took their-idea to the Student Association and some of
the other power brokers who ride the beast, and after much
debate in the corridors of power, it was decided that a
magazine named Nadir would be born.

I

\ Michael Benson
These Original founders of the publications have since
gone their separate pathways through the steaming terrain,
- as have the brokers and moneylenders of that temple in the
right wing of the campus center. Theylef t the original idea of
the publication’ to a next generation'of both Nadir editors
and staff members of the temple. Since that distant year
three issues of Nadir have appeared, each one better than the
one before. each one with more advanced writing and visual
work represented. Some of this work, in fact. was of such
high quality that it could coexist unﬂinchingly beside some of
the best photography and writing being done in the country.

Unfortunately, with each year that has passed since the
early days, a new generation of recruits have taken their
places at the desks of SA, some of them fresh from courses
with titles like “Intro to Cost Analysis." There, in line with
their training, they have surveyed the list of SA-funded
groups. and their eyes have quite naturally gone to those that
already have the least amount of funding. The question has
arisen as to why it is necessary to fund two arts magazines.
This question arose last year. and it took quite a lobbying ef-
fort to keep the two publications autonomous (the question
apparently didn’t arise as to why it was necessary to buy
“02,296.00 worth of extravagant but useless audio-visual
equipment that SA is now trying to sell off; look at that
ﬁgure again, it takes a while to sink in).

The question. of course, can be phrased and debated in
language that some ofﬁces in SA have learned to understand.
For instance, there is a theory that goes something like this (a
theory that capitalism is based on): monopoly leads to a lack
of quality in a product due to zero incentive caused by zero
competition. Plurallty, on the other hand, leads to a healthy
and desirable competition, raising the standards and the
quality of whatever product is being offfered.

This. in fact, is the idea that makes it possible to have The
Wall Street Journal and the Village‘ Voice sold on the same
newsstand. It is also the idea that makes it possible to get on

the phone, call up eight different printers, and get the highest
quality for the lowest price; something i did for the '83 issue
of Nadir. ~ .

Of course, there are other languages to phrase it in. There
is the factual language of journalism, and you should find
something like this elsewhere in this newspaper: The Student
Association is committing itself to the merger of SUNYA's
two arts magazines, Nadir and The Albany Review (formerly
Tangent). Adam Barsky, the SA Controller. said that the
reasons for the upcoming decision are primarily financial.
‘Nadir has never been able to pay back the amount SA wants
them to pay back,’ said Barsky in his ofﬁce Monday. ‘Plus
the two magazines are trying to do the same thing. A merget
will give the one remaining magazine more money, and so it
will be a better magazine.’ On Tuesday an editor of Nadir
said that a merger would simply kill Nadir. ‘An arts publica-
tion is not like a car,‘ he said. ‘lf you put more money into it,
the quality doesn't necessarily improve. It's what goes inside
that counts. Money doesn’t make a good journal; editorial
decisions do. it‘s true that we always have to sell the
magazine. That is because, since Nadir came'after Tangent
did, we have to pay back a large percentage of what SA gives
us to publish. Tangent, on the other hand, has always been a
free magazine and so has never had to pay any of the money
SA gave them back."

The facts are that Nadir is sold: Albany Review is not;

therefore, Nadir makes some money for SA, AR does not.
Nadir has not, in fact, been able to pay back as much as SA
wants them to. That is because very few at SUNYA seem to
be able to understand that a SUNYA publication actually is
(a) selling for money and (b) is worth the money. This is par-
tially because they are used to free Tangents. ASPs. Student
Voice's, Nemesis”, etcetera. it is also because the amount of
interest in homegrown art at SUNYA is low generally. A
literary journal is not viewed as “entertainment” in the same
way as a movie is; that is why the huge SA-fundcd ﬁlm
groups — with budgets ten times as big as The Albany
Review's and Nadir’s -— can rake in the bucks and become
involved in criminal activities such as those that plagued the
University Cinema group last year. But more than that, there
is the widespread perception that works of artistic quality or
importance come from “out there;" the film studios, or the
big publishers, or the galleries of New York. or the Yale
Review. it is hard to make people understand that quality
writing and original visual work is going on here, right at the
Bauhaus Dinosaur named SUNY at Albany. Let alone with a
$l charge.

For instance, how many people know that there is an art
gallery at SUNYA? And that it is on campus? And that right
now there is an exhibit on that contains, among other things,
exceptional work by a SUNYA undergraduate?

These are questions aimed not so much at the SA people (a
couple of whom, it seems. would, not know good writing if it
was read to them from anything other than a textbook tltled
“Economic Streamlining") but at those SUNYA students
who feel themselves to be interested in the arts. but who are
conditioned to think of New York as Mecca. it's right here,
folks.

The question of finances also contains at its core an in»
tcresting variation of the Catch-22 oxymoron. When Mr.
Barsky surveys the crinkled plane of parchment that is ilik
huge volume of SA-funded accounts, he comes across infor~
mation that shows Nadir has problems paying SA that which
is SA's. On the other hand, the Albany Review has what up
pears to be a clean bill of financial health. Ofcoursc, all AR
has to do is spend their money .td come up with a publica-
tion. No Strings Attached. Zero money back guarantee. The
solution" seems obvious. to him: let's kill Nadir, call it u
merger so people don't get distressed by the bloodbath, and
have one publication with a financial setup like the Albany
Review’s. Then the SA funders and the fundec's and the
masses will be happy right?

Wrong. Thenvwe will have a situation that is no differcn
from the one that prevailed back in stone age I980, with one
publication, one editorial board, and one version of the
Truth (for. isn’t all ‘art' in some ways one version? Don't
The Wall Street Journal and the Village Voice both have a
version of the truth? Who was “right,” Pilate or the
carpenter?) What Mr. Barsky, and Ms. Libby Post before
him, wish to do is to destroy a successful pluralism so that
the ledger books line up. Well, there are other solutions that

. leave the freedom of the press intact. For instance, it would
be a beautiful and simple thing to be able to give Nadir awar-
All that would take is some simple revisions on the parch-
ment, reducing the figure that appears after the words “In-
come Line."

Of course. for Mr. Barsky, that would not do. That would
be like suggesting that two little economy cars are better than
one big tank.

it should be pointed out at this juncture that what SA is
doing is anticipating an issue, and in so doing creating onc.
There is a proposal that will be coming up soon in tile nerve
centers of the Dinosaur, a proposal to raise tuition. This will
necessitate an SA fee hike. As a result, students will be c\-
amining where SA money goes (even if the SA part of the hill
doesn't go up). Well, let them investigate such collosztl
mismanagement that has resulted in such things as film-
group felonies and huge outlays in audio-visual machincn
mill gees nowhere, in high fidelity. Nadir and The Allin/Lt
Review are equally necessary; they publish different writers.
and they provide a much needed artistic plurality. NtIr/il
works in a larger format. and therefore can publish visunl ml
and longer works of prose and poetry of a more experimental
nature. The Albany Review, on the other hand, can publish
critical essays and book reviews. There is more than cnoutl"
EOOd work being done on this campus to fill both journals.
There are more than enough interested and talented pcupic
to edit and produce two high quality magazines.

' Nadir will be going to press this spring. and the machinery

Is revving up right now. Look for posters; get involved if You

want to save SUNYA's alternative arts magazine from an SA

axe. it is up to the students of SUNYA to realize that there it

some very worthwhile activity going on in their very own

“Pilate backyard. right here in the rectangle of dinosaur-
, “"1”“lilieﬁldldinssthst we- ‘v.,. i

 

,Contrlbullnp Edllorl: Dean Batz, Dabble Judge. Gall Marvell. Wayne

 

LETTERS

"Advantage for sale

To the Editor:

Something has been bothering me lately that i feel l have
to express and that is the new lecture transcription service —
Amanuensis. .

Most classes in this school, as we all know, are graded on a
curve, which illicits total competition among students. 1
don‘t particularly like that system, but that's not the issue
here. At least we are all on a basically equal level with each
other,’ providing we attend each class and buy the required
textbook. '

But now, with this transcription service, for "only" $30 a
class, whoever can afford it can now have an exact word by
word copy of every lecture. Now we all know that, even if we
never miss a class, and take excellent notes, we're never going
to be able to get down every little thing the professor says.

i just don‘t think it's fair for those people, who are willing
to put out that extra $150. to have the upper edge on
everyone else. And you know they will. I'm not putting down
the concept itself — I think it would be an excellent idea if
everyone got the copies —— i just don’t like the idea that i feel
like if i don't subscribe to Amanuensis (which I'm not), that
l have the lower hand against those that do.

—-Sh|ron Wolf

The American way

To the Editor:

The on-going war of words between Professor Wittner and
Timothy Taylor is both instructive and makes for exciting
reading. I really look forward to my ASP every Tuesday and
Friday to catch the latest chapter. I for one hope it goes on.

The letters are also instuctive since they are good represen-
tations of two extremes in the political spectrum. i think that
Professor Wittner's view is closest to the truth, and certainly
better thought out and written. but as someone who has
taken his .class, i also think he is deliberately toning himself
down. His brand of politics, while perhaps necessary, too
often sli 5 into leftist do ma and 510 aneerin out of to t

 

' Established in me
David L.L. Lnltln. Edltor In Chisl
Patricia Mitchell. Managing Editor

Slave Fox, Haldl Gralla
.Jelry campiona

News Editors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Anoelato News Editor. .

  
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
 

 

  

ASPcctl Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. John Keenan

‘ Anabel-la Ashcla Edllor . . Stephen Marita

, Sound Editor. . . .-. . . . . . . . . . . . .. Jonaa Nachaln

1 Sport- Edltora . . . . . . . .. . Tom Kacandaa, Mark Lovlnr

I Aaaoelatl Sportl Editorl .. ..Marc Barman, Kalth Mardar

, SPORTS Supplement Edltrtr . . . . . . . . . . .Marc Sehwarz

I Editorial Plan Editor . . .. dward Flat-tea
Copy Editors . . . . . . .. .Glna Crossatla. Kelly Grover,A-1natta Perot
Photography Editor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Ed Matusalch

 

Mark Gutter. Senior Editor

Paereboom. Anthony Sllbar, Llaa Straln, Edltarlal Aulstantn: Jane Anderson.
Dean Chang. tan Clements. .llm O'Sulllvan. Stall writers: Allaen Brown.
Michelle Bushar. Allcla Clmbora. Kevin Clarke. Belay Eekel. Ronald Brant
Geraten. Adam Goodman, Ben Gordon. Robert Hayua. Erlc Hindln, Norma
Kan. Michelle Krell. Allen Mchrmott, Caryn Misha, Suzanna Murphy. Alan
Parker. Maddy Pascueel. Chrlatlna Retiolt. Joa Roma-10.5hallah Sable. David
singer, Michael Skolnlek, Alan Somltln, Ian Spelling. Megan Gray Taylor.
John Thorbutn. Parry Tlachler. Kalth Van Allen, llene Walnalal-‘I, Mark
Wllulrd. John thlmotl. Spoelrum Editon: Ella-t Fitzgerald, Rina Young

Judy Toni, Business Manager
Lynn Bar-via, Associate Business Manager
Jana erleh. Rhonda WollAdvart/sing Managers
Mllta Kralmer. Sales Manager

Illllng Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. Randaa Bahar
Payroll supervisor  .. Gay Parana
Claaollled Manager . . . . . . .Jaanna Hamilton
Compollllon Managers . . . .. Jenny Block, Mark Catalano
Advent-ing Salas: David Daniela. chh Golden, Suaan Klaln, Steve Lalbor-
man. Mark Suaatnan. Advertising Production: Lee Erickson. Dabble Freeman.
Elaine Frledar. Jeanna Gilberp. .Iulla Mark. Ellyn Mute, Sharon ottun. Lynne
Slenal. Charolatta Shuba, Ellen Wlseman. Olllco stall: Christina Blnghl, un-
til Dalaada, Mar|orla Roasnthal

 
 
  

 

Molly Prutl Producllan Manager
Donna Agular. Sue Pacnlnalty Associate Production Manager:
I

Chlal‘l’ypnattor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lancey Hayman
Paolo~upz5uaa-1 Kent. Sharon Mayhan. Dab Stekl. George Tatlo, Typleta: .ilrn
Capouola. Cheryl Kaplan, Nancy Kllllan. Phylila Lolkowltz. Rana Lowon-
braun. chaullaun Erle Dori, Steven Mankolt

Photography principally auppllad by University Photo Service. a student
rou .

Chlei Photographer: Susan Elaine Mlndlch, UPS stall: Amy Cohen. Sherry
Lea Cohan. Cindy Galway. Phlle Hack. Ko-l-ty Kirsch, Rachel thwln. Hubert
Luckay. Ed Maruaalch, Lola Mattabonl, Barry Ralehor. Llsa Simmons. Lauren
Sltler. Hobart Soucy, Erica Spolual, Wurron Stout, James Valentino, Jason
Zoppal '

Entlrl contontl copyright to will Albany Student Frau Corporation. all
rlghll raurvad.

The Albany Student Press ls published Tuesdays and Fridays butwaan
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation, an Independent
not-lor-prollt corporation.

Edltorlala are written by the Editor in chlal with members of the Editorial
Board; policy la subject to review by the Editorial Board. Columns are written
by mambara oi the utlvnrslly community and do not tocuasnrlly taproaent
editorial polley. Advortlslng pollcy does not nacnasarlly rallact ndltorlal
policy.

Enllro contents copyright to IBM Albany Studbnt Prlu Corporation, all
right. illOWld. «

The Albany Student Pros: It: puhllahod Tuesdays and Frlclaya between
August and June by the Albany Student Press corporation. an Independent
net‘lor-prollt corporation.

Edllorlala ara wrttten by the Editor In Chief with members oi the Editorial
Board: policy In subject to review by the Edllorlal Board. Columns are written
by members of the university communlty and do not nears-Milt "9'0""!
edllarlal policy. Advartlalnp policy does not nacaaaatlly rellect editorial
policy.

I Mailing address:
Albany Student Press. CC 820
1400 Washington Ave.
Albany. NY t2222

 

 

6‘6 457~56921332213389

“a. . u «a... ~..

and frozen in concrete. While the left tries to portray itself as
enlightened and progressive, it too is not'lmmune to dogma.
As long as this is so. the left will never gain the affection of
the working class it seeks to champion.

Ultimately, though. Professor Wittner is right. The most .

lasting economic lesson he left me with was his diagram of
the economic pie. in the type of economy Reagan — and
Taylor — espouse, the wealthy to percent of the population
control perhaps 75 percent of the pie. The rest is divided up
among the rest of us. Even with economic growth, this fun-
damental injustice is not addressed. Wittner is absc' 'tr-lv
right when he protests an economy where a very we

exercise total control. We can do better, indeed.

' it is pathetic that people like Taylor should so vehemently
defend a system that offers them no share of that massive
Wealth. For me and millions like me, medical .care is not a
crass. abstract "economic good." It is a necessity and one i
can't afford. ,

No, I'll never defend an economic system that is stacked
against me. But Taylor can go right ahead. — After all.
that’s the American way.

—'l‘lm Schultz

Defense of Europe

To the Editor:

l have read with interest the recent letters by Mr. Taylor
and Professor Wittner. in particular, the letter by Professor
Wittner is at least as interesting for what it leaves out as for
what it includes. It is all well and good to mention Sweden,
Norway, Denmark, France. Belgium, the Netherlands,
Switzerland, lceland, Luxembourg and West Germany as na-
tions which in some ways are better off than We are and say,
"See! Socialism worksl” it is quite another to look at some
of the particulars. Sweden. Norway. Luxembourg and
Switzerland are, and have been for forty years or more,
neutral. This keeps defense spending extremely low. The
others mentioned above are defended to a great extent by the
expenditures of the United States. Just about anyone will ad-
mit that lower expenditures for defense will yield a healthier
economy. Thus I would question Professor Wittner's asser-
tion that Democratic Socialism is the reason for the
aforementioned nations' economic well being. Likewise. our
slippage relative to those nations is to a large extent due to
our commitment to defend those nations with the accompa-
nying costs. if you wish to change this you could either
withdraw our commitment or ask Europe to foot a higher
percentage of the bill. In the first case you would be left
without any democratic socialist countries to point to, and in
the latter, their ccottomies would come more in line with
ours. Capitalist, or Socialist dogma ltavc little to do with the
matter. it is muclt more a question of who is paying for the
defense of Europe.

—-.lames A. Robertson

Keep it open

To the Editor: ‘

The following is a copy of a petition being distributed by
S.A.T.E., or Students Against Totalitarian Enactments. It
deals with the closing of one of the finest lounges at SUNYA;
once open to all students at all hours, but now closed and
locked except for a few hours each morning. The decision to I
close the lounge is an insidious one. part of a campaign that
has closed many lounges at the university already — most
notably the last-lamented Social Science lounge. The logic of
this campaign seems to be that students are dirty creatures,
who will use a lounge so much that it becomes impossible to
keep it neat and clean for V.l.P.‘s and faculty celebrations.
This logic is also backed by the idea that we are running out
of "space" for students, and if the faculty cannot grab the
lounges for "ofﬁcial functions." soon there will be no place
left for them to grab. The English department has already
submitted plans to “renovate” the lounge, making it a plea-
sant sterile environment, but considering the use the lounge
gets from students the administration is unlikely to approve
the request. So... if the students don't use the lounge
anymore, they can renovate it. The Third Floor Humanities
Lounge is therefore being kept locked up, forbidden to
students, except from 7 to 12 in the mornings. After the
“renovation,” I expect the lounge will not be accessable to
students at all. This is a crime against the students of this
University. —~ We need your help. Copies of this petition can
be found in the Humanities Lounge (in the morning), at the
SA contact office, and in several other points on the campus.
Thank you.
Students Against Totalitarian Enactments:

We, the undersigned. hereby affirm our belief that the
third floor Humanities Lounge is an important element in the
intellectual growth and maturity of the students of this
university. We are shocked and disappointed by the decision
of the University bureaucracy to cheat us of an important
element in our scholastic endeavors. The meetings of minds
are close, the arena of intellectual debate stands empty, ex-
ccpi at the whim of those who would use it for what they
consider “proper and correct" purposes. Freedom of
thought can only be truly realized in the context of an ongo-
ing dialectic experience, which this lounge has provided us
for so many years. The autocratic prohibition on this
meeting place is an affront to the goals of this university. To
iii and read, to study, to talk. — Are these not good?
Students rcqttirc a place to relax in this corner of the Great
White Rock — Give tts back our Loungel '

—-Kurt Sehnaltenbergv

* Imperial as...)

To the Editor: .

After “:30 every morning, don’t try to get into the
Humanities Lounge. that once healthy outpost of interac-
‘tion. There is a sign on the door that says the lounge will be
locked at that time every day. It's signed “Dean's Ofﬁce."

Dean Paul Wallace was quoted in the ASP last week as
saying "it’s not really a student lounge." Associate Dean
Martha Rozett was further quoted assaying things like “l'm
not sttrc that this (the closing) changes things very much...the
lounge was never a place to count on...”

Well, this smells to me of revisionist history. Both of these
statements contain just enough of a grain to make their load
of deception palatable as truth. What Dean Wallace is miss- .
ing when he makes a statement denying that .it ever actually
was a student lounge is simply that in fact, it was a student
lounge. And one of the most livable ones on a campus that
seems to have been designed for computer hackers who
"lounge" where they “input;” a terminal.

The Dean. of course, has a nice comfortable ofﬁce.

To make matters worse, history is being revised only two
weeks after we lost the lonnge. This sort of decree-on-the-
door is indicative of a certain lack of sensitivity to the needs
of a student body who. presumably, are supposed to ﬁgure
somewhere, seeing as how this is a university and all.

l am waiting for a similar imperial decree, with a similar
total absence of forewarning, to appear. Only this one will
outline the procedures for uSe of the new wooden bathroom
passes.

Please, Mr. Wallace, give us back our Humanities Lounge.
l have been here for four years, and what remains of my sani-
ty l owe to that space. Don't make me forge a key during my
last semester.

Why do I feel like I am petitioning the Czar?

—Mlehael Benson

Wrong number

To the Editor: ,

In Dave Catalfamo's article of 2/10/84 he addresses the
possibility of SUNYA officials itnplementing a multi-million
dollar phone system similar to that recently purchased by
SUNY-Binghamton.

If you ask me, the $8.4 million price tag on this “new
technologically advanced system" is far too high. Especially
when all you get with it is a bunch of problems. I do not
know anyone who would advocate a phone system that
would result in higltcr monthly service charges, limited
operator service, and the lack of the feature Mr. Catalfamo
refers to as “Answer Supervision" which also helps to keep
phone bills to a minimum. As noted in the article, the list of
complaints does not end here. So then i pose the question to
you, why bother with the service ar all? The present SUNYA
phone system suits me just fine as l’m sure it does others. i
can think of a lot ol' things to spend $8.4 million on other
than a phone system that there is no need for. Rumour has it
that the Communication Department is slowly being dissolv-
ed. l'm sure they could usea coupleof million dollars in their
bank account. Or maybe. putting the money into the sports
program - new and better athletic facilities. Or even the
good old SUNYA bus system. The list could go on. Don't
SUNYA officials realize this? .

Instead of asking students to participate in the process of
selecting a new telephone system for the Albany campus,
why not ask them to voice their opinion on where $8.4
million should be spent?

—Laura Llebesman

Unique perspective

To the Editor:

in response to the letter “A Real Nemesis." l'd ﬁrst like to
praise Mr. Spcidel and Mr. Holland for at least reading the
posters and being curious enough to go to the dictionary.
However. their research was not thorough enough to support
their claim that Feminist Alliance is “willfully misleading the
SUNYA campus."

i would like to suggest to these two gentlemen that the next
step in their research is to compare the deﬁnition in our pre-
sent dictionaries (likc the American Heritage) to the original
meaning of the word. I don't know if the Arrrericmt Heritage
had the original meaning, but the Webster's New World edi-
tion did show that orignally Nemesis was a Greek goddess.
the goddess of retributive justice or vengeance. (For a l'uller
description of Nemesis the goddess. I would suggest The
Women '5 Encyclopedia of M yllrs and Secrets.)

One can see from a comparison of the original meaning
and the prescnt‘meaning that something happened. Nemesis
went from being worshipped as a goddess to being despised
as the “one who inﬂicts relentless vengeance or destruction."
The intention of the Nemesis Collective was to reclaim the
origins in an attempt to generate powerful, strong images of
women.

Nemesis..the journal, is special in that it reﬂects a unique
perspective of the world. it represents the voices of wotnen
speaking to each other about their love, hopes and dreams as
well as their pain and anger. Copies of Nemesis l983 'are
available in the Feminist Alliance office. Nemesis 1984 will
be available in April. i hope this makes things a little clearer.

—I.lsa Henderson
1983 Nemesis Editorial Collective
I984 Nemesis Editorial Collective

 

 

 

 

