~“<\w“— _ .

  

 

.. _ o. a .. a. ,...c 4.- c. Aug”: ..r,\_‘-u\1....,.wmﬁ,_y

   

 

 

.a, a“... ..,...:=.;u_r.. .L. ._.. a ....;...,...c

M

 

if a million monkeys typedfor a milllpn years, one of them wot
for me. ' ' ‘ ~

ild write this column

So do yourthink I should wait, or not?

I

No‘. maybe not. i I b I i t w I‘m

A lot of my frients iave een urn ng. wen ' .
myself considering checking back issues of old newspapers to find (it'll Wl10:l1f,l;l:):v
there was a blackout in the May of 1963. Now, turning twenty is real y grriaIE {a
surprised me was the solemnity with which some of these people greete: Petr/said

Twenty. it seems, is an age‘ to grow up by. It is an age to mature,- 0 Jo y
Childish Things: to Enter Into The Real World.

Bah. ‘ ‘ I

'Of course, I‘m only eighteen myself. and since I plan to stay this way for at leizst
another five years. i obviously have very little actual conception of w athis rplnn erg
around inside a iust-about-to-be-twenty-year-old’s inind'as the day JPEHIIJC es. bevthe
‘theless. through careful observation I have managed to isolate what i e rev?t othe M
two most prevalentattitudes that these soon to be ex-teenagers hold in regan o e g

‘l.

- ll-‘irst. there is what lcall the "Able" twenty year old. This is the twentﬁ’yeaiolld wh:

says: I am turning twenty. This is a Good Thing. lam liidtllt‘ci i am inte igLn . am a

tractive. Turning twenty will mean that I have been these things for one iear more.
On the other side of the coin is the Unable. or Antsy twenty year old. T 15 person s

“ 's . ~ 'on to the number twenty is "Oh. no.” He or she spends an inordinate amount
illftlnricelhllirrying that now that he/slie’s turned twenty. there wnllbe No More Sirevging
Around, that they must Straighten Up Apd CCtHnght‘, andl that if they fat to (0 t ese
' v‘ r ' om the lRS will a car ant. ta e rem 0 lat . ’
llllflilﬂhheil‘vleylsl has it's ailvantagelsllfir disadvantages,- the Ablotwenty year old Will pro-
bably make the transition from teen to adult with grace. while the Antsy twenty year
old ivill probably never go to jail for tax evasion. .
But what i really don't understand is. what's the big. deal? ’ I
it's not as if-heing twenty has been dropped on you. The intelligent person is usually
able to tell far in advance exactly when he's going to turn itventy. so you ve got plenty
of time to prepare for it. And is loLsing the "een" sound at the end of your age really that

ly. So many. in fact, that i find

big a deal? '
When i turn t", i will be able to drink legally. When I turn twent
to drink everywhere. I’ve been able to die for America for two years now. Is twenty

that important?
Nah.

y-onc. I will be able

Happy birthday, guys. J

 

blonde-halred girl called ‘

     
   

    
 

      

3a ‘ '. .
A reminiscent look at a summer camp.
timely death. Maddi Kun remembers n

‘Woodstock.”

 
   

Musings and Memories:
and the effects of. an un

nte
________________.__
The Man Who Adores Women: Gail Merrell goes to New York to

attend the opening of the Yves Saint Laurent exhibit. and reports
on the talents and effectiveness of a man who's devoted his life to

 

women’s fashions.

 

 

 

 

‘ ‘—
U“
’ idal reflections of a man
ectives: John Keenan relates the sure . I
Chiquita to live for. Rina Young explains the history and intricate
thought behind surrealistic art of the mid-twentieth century.

73

iguand and Vision Taking in the new film “Reckless.” Jodi Jambs
discovers a host of overworked cliches. revived slightly by some
impressive acting. Dave Singer previews a show by L.A.-based
“Wire Train” at the Chateau this weekend.

8a
Retrospect: Look ahead to stimulating and exciting cultural.
musical. and cinema events at SUNYA and around town with
Spectrum’s calendar of future happenings. Or hang out in front of
the tube with the Aspects Crossword. and observe this week’s ex<
traordinary Phil Box. Otis takes a. time trip. and the Freshman
celebrates Valentine’s Day.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

if Dutch Quad Board Presents:
H Hugs 8: Kisses
Valentines Day
Party

Saturday, Feb. ii,i984 H9pm- 2am

in the Dutch Quad Flagroom
with special guest: DJ Gordon

 

$2.00 wltax sticker; $4.00 wlout
each person gets 3 tree hug coupons

(Come (Zelebealce With Us!

sponsored by Dutch Quad Board

    

   

You are GO'dla“
' \ted ‘0‘

m/

      

 

      
   
 

Cupid’s Fantasy
Night Club .

TUESDAY, February 14

 
      

Campus Center Ballroom
8:00pm-12 midnight

  
 

proper attire please

  

Tickets on sale aid/"lief ﬁnes

 

2/7 1.2/4

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vt

 

 

 

 

 

" Mu...:.........u,, .... ..,.,.__._«..-....

 

 

V FEBRUARY l0, l98~l

 

 

yesterday and i found out that Leslie

had died. Leslie was little. When we first
met. two years ago. i knew her as
"Woodstock." a tiny blonde hatred. blue eyed
seven year old. We had met on the bus ride up
to Middletown. and she had taken to me right
away. i was to be her counselor. and she my
camper. i remember her that day. so little in
that huge seat. munching on Doritos. clut-
ching tier cheery yellow woodstock doll. She
was the only dry eyed kid on the bus. When
we got to camp. she asked me to help her find
her brother David. another camper. When we
were alone i asked her why people called her
Woodstock. She said. “l dunno. i guess its
cause i kinda look like him."

Maddi Kun

My bunk had 12 girls Including my two co-
counselors. Wendy and Amy. Wendy and i
bit It off right away. She was young and rowdy
for a senior counselor. i remember she taught
Sharon and Jodi. two wild seven year olds i
got to know that summer. how to tip other
people's canoes over and other fun things like
that. Amy on the other hand was lazy.
apathetic. and from New Jersey. For the sake
of our sanity and our bunk Amy and i put up
with each other. barely.

Life at camp became quite routine. Every
morning we all walked across the field to the
pool and depositedlthe bunk at “swim.” Hell.
it got boring watching them swim and playing
"lifeguard" in the hot sun. i found out that be-
ing a counselor at a sleepaway camp was a 6
day a week 24 hour job. one that was hard to
forget even If you were off from work.

But being there that summer. living. sleep—
ing and breathing with them. i began to feel
like i was seven once again. it was the summer
before my freshman year at Albany. my last

I went home to L-O-N-G lLS-L-A-N-D

 

 

free summer. And here i was occupying my

time with water fights. nightly raids and lousy
food. Yeah. that summer had its rewards.
They were rambuncttoiis. affectionate and just
plain mischievous little girls. We loved them.
i wish you could have seen her Dorothy
Hamill haircut or that tiny perfect turncdvup
nose; or maybe you could have smelled the
baby shampoo that followed her wherever she
want. if you listened in at night you could hear
our bunks' nightly bedtime production.
Woodstock had this ritual before going to bed.
She had the top bunk that summer and she
always needed Wendy‘s or my help. She was
very determined in getting into that bunk by
herself. And we let her try for a while and then
I would just lift her up. Anyway. Woodstock
had this little tape player her parent 5 gave

  

Categories—

Fiction

   
 

 

 

. g y yum—hf”... 3--....

 

 

. -ari original story of four to six pages

her which. along with her yellow woodsiock
doll. never left her side. Every night she would
listen to the Chipmunks sing The Cars “i Love
the Night Life Baby". (Have you heard that
rendition? The girls fell asleep at night that
summer. every night with the echoes of Chip-
munk Punk. as it was called then.)

l guess when you‘re seven years old it's lin-
poriant to keep up with your peers. Most of
my girls had a “boyfriend” already.
Woodstock. although cute. was very shy
When she and Brett confirmed their relation-
ship one day with the gift of an ice cream
sandwhlch. she took me aside In confidence.
Wendy and l were shutting the lights preparing
to go out for the night when Woodstock called
me over. She sat up in hcr’bed and whispered
in my ear. “Brett‘s my boyfriend now." i hugg-
ed her really tight and covered her up again. i
don't remember where we went that night but
i remember it was a good one.

Days and tweaks passed. all meshing into
one big stretch of time which i labeled "Sum~
mer." We all had our ups and downs. Every—
day was not filled with swimming and softball
and cute kids. it actually rained that summer.
Woodstock got whiney at times and I just
wanted to smack her but l held off. Before we
knew it the summer was over. It flew by as
summers usually do.

The day beforerwe were all to return home a
couple of my girls put shaving cream and
toothpaste on my sheets and blanket. They
did it as a joke. but l knew that Amy had in-

vited it. When you're seven. you look for

Humor

light or profanity. heavy on insanity.

Photography

ay. three to six pages in length.
‘th something the writer con-

Artwork

-All artwork should be pen and ink

drawings.

woodman...» "mm. M-  .. ..

 

Musings And Memories

WOOdStOC ‘ .1

 

 

—a two to six page humorous piece.

«All photos must be black and white.

9... —.....__.-.-_.uta... .. I‘. 'r

 

 

guidance. and if Amy says it's okay to put
shaving cream in Maddi's bed then it‘s okay.
and you do it. Mostly I remember walking in
and feeling disbelief and shock. Then l got
furious. A group of them were sitting on a
bunk huddled together waiting for my rencA
lion. lrcmember ripping the sheet off. shaving
cream and all. and dumping it on their laps.
Two years later and i still have that mental
photograph of 5 or 6 girls covered with shav-
ing cream. crying and screaming. and worst of
all I remember those terrified blue eyes that
belonged to Woodstock. l left the bunk that
night and didn't come back.

Traditionally the last day of camp is spent

 

saying goodbye and eating some terrific food
so all the campers will forget how bad the food
really was. in the mess hall the tables were ar-
ranged according to bunk so the campers and
counselors could spend their last night united.
l sat among the mbleclothes and flower or
rangemcnts. surnaunrlcd yut niche. thn you
are young._you are easily influenced. and you
quickly forget. i remember Woodstock looking
so happy. finally fitting In. The rest of my bunk
was enjoying the night. At the torching of the
huge wooden “1981" which signified the clos-
Ing of yet another loving summer. l stood next

' to someone. but i don't remember who.

The last day of camp the buses arrived and I
helped the girls finish packing. the ones that
would let me As i helped them onto the right
bus 1 received little recognition as “their
counselor." or even a person. no hugs good-
bye. and mostly cold stores. I had spend three
months of my summer. every hour. with these

girls, my girls. Woodstock boarded her bus.
she never even looked back.

i left camp that summer feeling bad. mostly
because I had never got to say goodbye to
them. They‘d shunned me and held their
grudges. i think they had become afraid of
me. i quickly put that last day of camp out of
my mind. Camp never really entered my
thoughts In the years to follow and if it did I
made myself forget about that last day.

While l was home my mother told me about
all of the gossip i had missed since my last trip
in. She mentioned a horrible car accident In
which a brother and sister had died. I shrugg-
ed it off. “too bad." i agreed with my mother.
We changed the conversation. i wanted to
know what was for dinner that night. When i
got home that night i started planning my
weekend. While checking the movie listings in'
the paper i came across the aftermath of the
story. a small obituary. listing the names and
ages of the brother and sister who had died.
that night.

The girl‘s 17-year-old brother had been
driving that night I found out It was rainy. slip-
pery. and they were hit had on by another car.
They were going somewhere stupid. like
Waidbaums. ldon't exactly remember. ldidn't
recognize her name: it had been two years
since camp and I had never gone back. I was
in the theatre that night and i kept trying to
remember Woodstock's last name. i kept
wondering if it was her. it was all i could think
of. ‘

Finally Saturday night i dug through my
closet and found my camp yearbook from that
summer. l sat on the carpeting surrounded by
years of my childhood that I had to first wade
through before i could find the yearbook.
Leslie "Woodstock" Hontg it said. i didn't real-
ly want to believe it so I checked the phone
book: only one Hontg on Long island. i
couldn't remember if Woodstock lived on the
island. or not.

I was getting pretty desperate now. “no
point i don"t want dtnnc-r‘ now". i just had to

no»... .. I

Tammy's house to see her brother. Brett.
Woodstock's boyfriend that summer. Tammy
and lcrowded into Brett's‘sm'all bedroom. She
kept questioning me. "Why do you need her
address? What's \UTOIIQ.'l2ll met" i couldn't
look up at her. i couldn't answer her. Brett's
small fingers were leaflng through his Snoopy
phone book i saw Snoopy and WoodleCk
on the cover and l thought of my WoOdSlOCh-
The seconds took too long to pass. Brett
lookded up at me as he read the address; it
was the some as the one listed in the paper. i
went home and read the article one last time
She had died instantly. .7

Aspects Writing Contest

Aspects is accepting submissions for the 1984 writing contest.

All interested writers are encouraged to turn in their work at the
ASP offices. 3rd floor Campus Center. room 329. Winning pieces
will be published in the March 30 issue of Aspects.

      
    
    
  

 
 

 «a... .m- m-.......,..,...7..._._..o..a.....,..

 

 

 

 

