I O I r

Actmties Fee
"Pursuant to Resolution 71-90 or the Board of
Trustees be it hereby enacted: .
(Vote lor A or B by pulling the approplate lever.)
A. That the Student Association lee he MANDATORY
for all lull-time undergraduate students,
8. That the Student Act/vlty Fee be VOLUNTARY for
all full-time undergraduate students.

Some students may ask, “Why should I vote for a
mandatory activity lee, what has SA done ior me?"
The answer is, "a lot."

SA is the maior network tor the Interaction ant.
organization at students on campus. Without SA. we
would be little more than thousands oi Individuals
without any sense at unity or identity. Even without
direct Involvement in SAI we all reap the benefits ot a
campus radio station. concert board. speakers forum,
academic and social organizations. and so on.

For those students who do participate in SA-lunded
groups and activities, a vote for a mandatory activity
lee Is imperative. SA needs money to maintain Its sup-
port tor these campus organizations. I

We must point out that this fee Is not increasing. SA

Vice presidential statements ,

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 36

Sampson

i am presently a member oi the SASU Board oi Directors,
as well as a, member oi the SUNYA Central Council, and
am therelore In tune with all existing SUNY policies that
aliect the tile of the SUNYA student. My presence In such
organizations provides me with a direct link between
students and administrators, thus allowing ior the
necessary leeway ior Improved relations.

The SA is a student association and must by all means
represent the interests ol the student. This can be ac-
complished through direct and frequent interaction, In
which students can voice their opinions to their respective
representatives. To overcome apparent barriers that
obstruct the vital flow oi communication, these represen-
tative bodies, Including Quad Boards and the Oil-Campus
Board at Directors. must. as a priority, stimulate academic
and social activity amongst their constituents.

Quad Boards should attempt to develop closer ties with
SA funded and recognized groups In order to provide the
student with more diversified activities which will serve to
stimulate student Involvement. It is imperative that
students concert a strong effort to actively Involve other
students.

The oil-campus population, as represented by the Oil-
Campus Board oi Directors. needs to develop a stronger
network of communication In order to Identify with Its uni-
que constituency. Oil-campus students must also get in‘
voived with SA iunded and recognized groups in order to
provide social, recreational and educational functions
within the oil-campus community.

SUNYA students are urged to get involved with the
University, and the SA provides an organized way oi
meeting these needs. The university Is a means ior the stu-
dent to enrich hlslher life In every possible way. and
students must utilize this opportunity during their stay.

A“: LBANY sruoe'wr mass ELECTION SUPPLEMENT: I l Farm v APRIL 6, [984'

    

‘.
V.

 
  
  

 

 

 

' IIREFEREND'A. ,,

puts this Issue on the ballot every two years. ‘Keep the
_activity lee mandatory. it's in our own best interest.

"Shall the students ol SUNY Albany add .50 cents

(.25 cents per semester) to the present actlvlty tee to
lurid the Unlted States Student Assoc/etion?"

USSA Is an up and coming national advocacy
organization. in the way that Student Association at
the State University (SASU) organizes student associa-
tions. groups and activists in the SUNY system, USSA
is working to establish a similar organization on the
national level. with a strong student presence In
Washington. , ,

Especially in this national election year. It Is essen-
tial that USSA be able 'to Inform and organize
students. and get them out to vote in November. We .
have the potential this year to make the voice oi
students heard like never before. The vote for USSA Is
a vote for ourselves.

Constitution

It the new Constitution Is approved, it will go into ef-
fect lor the 1985-86 school year. -

Students have tremendous power at this school and
should not be Intimidated by the SA and other organiza-
tions. but should use them to their advantage. The recent
campaign to save the Humanities Lounge was a success,
as was the 1934 Telethon. which epitomizes what students
can achieve when student energies are completely
harnessed. There was an uncontested feeling oi com-
raderle and unity at this year's Telethon and I want this
spirit transformed to other aspects of student Ilie.

Through my work with the SASU Board oi Directors and
the Central Council. I have brought together students and
administrators to achieve, a more congenial environment
lor the student population. As a result of my eilorts. i have
termed the Minority Recruitment Task Force which advises
prospective college students oi the importance of continu-
ing education. and to demonstrate to them how SUNYA
can accommodate their educational needs.

I have also answered the ubiquitous call for additional
public salety. via increased security programs and will sup-
port this cause untii women and other students feel totally
secure In their community. .

Students here at SUNY Albany possess the potential to
make any necessary changes In their lives and I will inex-
haustr 'rly encourage student involvement when elected ‘
vice-president. My policies require lrequent two-way com-
munication between student and administrative bodies.
and I will provide that link! -

Bill King
Why should you vote lor the In the upcoming SA elec-
tions? i oller you an alternative to the present administra-
tion. I oller you a change In our student government for
next year. I otter you a choice. The choice is between new
people In our student government and the old iactlonallsm
which Is attributed with our present SA. How will electing

Endorsements and evaluations

' Hallo'ck

CONTINUED FROM PAGE to

We were disappointed with Hailock's awareness of minori-
ty student concerns. He lacked a strong commitment to ellir-
matlve action and for the most part we got the Impression
that Haiiock hadn't yet given much thought to minority
issues. He did support active recruitment of minorities and
strongly opposed any term of discrimination

we test an Infusion of new blood in SA would be advan-
tageous to all. Clearly we must stress we have not simply
chosen a new candidate because of our criticisms oi the cur-
rent administration. Rather, Tim Hallock has exhibited the
queliiicatlons and intensity vital to an SA President. New
blood is exactly what this campus needs.

Schailer

CONTINUED FROM PAGE In .

Schailer attempted —- and failed — to convince the board
that he has patched up relations with Albany's Mayor
Whalen. which he had admittedly ruined last iall with rash
‘and immature comments. in the past. Whalen has iiatly
relused to deal with Schailer.

Schailer seemed completer unmoved by the
disasterous communications problems within this year's ex-
ecutive branch, which have reached the point where the
president and vice-president are barely on speaking terms.

The Schailer administration has witnessed praiseworthy
efforts in the areas of women's and minority rights. The pilot
“Don't Walk Alone" program was a great success, and the
new position oi Minority Aiialrs Coordinator seems to have
only begun exploring the possibilities oi minority Involve-
ment on campus.

Schailer also proposed a new position in SA — an alilr-
niatlve action coordinator. This Idea has worked well for the

Vii

school administration. and could boost minority Involvement
In SA and the student groups.

Schailer clearly showed the board that II he were elected
SA president, It would be business as usual. SA needs an In-
fusion of new blood to revive student spirit and involvement.
Schailer's "continuity" Is not the answer.

McCann "

CONTINUED FROMPAOE in

McCann also felt that women should be represented by the
Minority Aiialrs Coordinator. This is an Impractlcal idea, In
that It would basically double the Minority Aiialrs Coor-
dinator's work. in addition. this willingness to group women
with minorities shows a iailurs to consider the magnitude oi
the Issues Involved. He supported lor the continuance and
expansion at the current Don't Walk Alone program, men-
tioning the possibility oi installing escorts In the traiilc
booth at the circle for the benellt of students returning to
campus on late buses.

We felt that although McCann showed admirable en-
thusiasm. he does not possess the experience, knowledge or
sensitivity that the lob ol SA President requires.

Jones

CONTINUED FROM runs it!
deserves some thought by SA executives and the administra~
tion. Jones said he does not support a bus lee, but altered no
other alternative than the idealistic "economizlng" to reduce
the cost at the system. _
While Jones deserves much credit lor being so willing to
get Involved and resolve the problems that exist within SA to-
day. he has neither the experience nor the ideas necessary
become an eiiective SA President. ’

There are many changes In the proposed Constitu-
tion, most of which we support. The most significant

change is In the duties oi the SA vice president.

in the present Constitution, the powers oi the vice
president are not clearly defined. The new Constitu-
tlor'i' would clearly explain the vice president's role. For
example, It states that he/she would oversee SA
groups. The speciiications of the vice president's role
will make that person more accountable and will allow
him/her to make a greater contribution to SA. _

Also the new Constitution would be more‘concise. It
would eliminate references to SA groups that no
longer exist. .

We do have one reservation concerning the propos-
ed Constitution. The change In the override ol a
presidential veto by Central Council is a step in the
right direction but does not go lar enough. The new
Constitution would change the override from a Council
maiorlty to the amount of votes which was needed for
the original passage of the bill (either hall or two-
thirds).

We favor an across the board two-thirds override
because We feel that the new Constitution's veto still
grants too much power to Council, and does not give
enough credence to the presidential veto.

We do, however, favor the ma|ority of the changes'
and we urge you to vote for the new Constitution.

me ailect the way SA Is seen by you?

My plan Is to rise above the conllicts which typify our
executive branch. it Is by knowing and understanding peo-
ple's opinions (which can be very stubborn and very pas-
sionate) that we can avoid power struggles. I don't wish to
make it sound as ii diverging opinions will never meet head
on In the daily routine; they will. It would be unrealistic to
assume that disagreements can be eliminated. but laying
our cards on the table and seeking out compromise Is a
realistic approach to solving problems. I don't expect to
agree with everyone's position on an Issue but i will listen
and make a concentrated eiiort to understand any par-
ticular stance.

Experience ls many a candidate's claim to tame. I have
it. but as iar as this Job goes. It lust doesn't matter, so I
won't bore you with a history of my Involvement. I honestly
ieel that any student willing to spend the time learning to
do this lob can do It. If you’re motivated enough to set
your goals and stick to them. then that‘s what matters.

' What matters Is that we have someone who is committed
to putting In the hours so that SA's internal bloodstream
flows smoothly with enough oxygen to avoid another year
at suffocation —- I am that person.

What about speciiics. you might ask? My plans Include
Ideas In areas of residential lIie. women's rights. campus
and community safety. minority alialrs. alcohol policy. bus
lee, off-campus alternatives. voter registration and a host
of others which we deal with on a daily basis. Yet each ol
these involve not only my input. but the Ideas and plans of
all the students with an active concern about these issues.
It's not the time to detail, so I won't.

i wish to emphasize the choice you have before you. You
can elect to have another year of political power plays
which is the trademark oi the present administration or
you can elect to have a change In our Student Association.
It's your move.

.
King
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 2!!

ASUBA and Fuerza Latina to accomplish this end.

King stressed that he had had three-told experience — as
an on-campus, Alumni, and oll~campus student. He worked
on programming with both Indian and Alumni Quads, and is
serving as an oil-campus Central Council representative.

In short. King's enthusiasm and willingness to work are
overshadowed by his unrealistic proposals and undynamlc
willingness to ilt Into whatever mold is cast ior him by the
president he would serve with.

Sampson
CONTINUED FROM PAGE 20

A summer lob search program was another of Sampson's
Ideas. He said he would form a community network, work
with community organizations. and write to potential
employers. Alter questioning. he said he really did not have
any specific organizations In mind and he apparently had not
done thorough research on the idea.

Sampson believed that it a bus lee were llnally
unavoidable, then SA should institute a tee to contribute to
the bus system. AnSA lee would set an even worse prece-
dent than en administrative one, and the llnanclal respon-
sibilities could cause more problems than they solved.

Overall. Sampson Is an Intelligent and experienced can-
didate. He seems too willing however. to lose himself within
an abundance of proposals. reports and task iorces. His vl-
sion sorely lacked the dynamic commitment to student spirit
and activism which should be the core at student leadership.

 

ask-m ‘

 

 

Former SA Media Director Libby Post
"I'll bring up the suit, il's a prorrrr’se. " . '

 
  

   

gVOLUME.LXXl

 

AL ANY
T DENT
HESS

  

Sena re proposes change in drOp-add
policy to discourage oVerregistration

B Bette Dzamba
SIJII‘ "RI/l R

Siltclctilh will find it “W” oti thcir transcripts if they drop it
course til'Icr Icn days, biil tlicy will litIVt.‘ morc timc in which
to tidd u coursc under it proposal currcntiy bcing conxidcrcd
by tho Uiii\'L‘l'!~ily Scnulc cxccutiic comniiilcc.

Tho iidd pcriod would lic incrcuscd from six days to tcu
cliisk days. Studcnts \\llt\ drop courxcx ril'ici Ihow Icii dim
would I'CL‘L'iH.‘ Il "\\"' Iicit Io ilic comsc listing on tiicii
transcript, ticcording to Cathy ItiSusu. cliziir ot‘ Sciiaiic‘s
Ilndcrginduutc Acudcmic Council Ill.-\('). and SAN ~ciiauc
liaison.

Ii tiic Sciituc supports Ilic proposal. il iioiild lukc cilch tli
Scptcniiicr. MRS.

l iiSiixu snid Ilic "W" would iiidiculc tlitit u \ltltlL'Ill \\tt\
cnrolicd iii ll courxc mid ilicii droppcd it. l'hc |illi|itt\til ~|illt‘\
thui “Ilic ‘\\" guidc is iiol u pcnuliy grudc... Ilic mink sciics
u purcly bookkccping purposc and hits no impact on or ini-
piictitions conccrning tiic \tudciit'x gitidc poiiii tiicrtigc.“

'I'lic proposal cxpliiins llitll sltltlcltik who.diop lici'oic Ilic
tcn-dtiy udd pcriod is Nor will liuvc thc course dclctcd l'rom
Ilicir rccord. li'n studcnt ncitlicr drops nor uttcnds ii coursc ti
"7." will appear on tiic transcript wiili llliil coursc listing,
although the proposal admits, “Ilic ‘7.’ pcrhups is suggcsliyc
ot'u ccrttiin luck of responsibility on tiic pzirl ol' tiic siudcni.”

According to Dick Collier, coordinator of tillVlSL'iiiclil tind
assistant dcnn ol' ihc Ccnicr I'or Undcrgrziduzitc Education,
the proposal rosc out ol' two concerns.

"Historically one of tlic worst problcins wc hnvc is with
students being closcd out of courses." said Coilicr. “A
rcnizirknblc number of siudcnis ovcrrcgistcr, crcuting tir-
Iit‘icial enrollments."

Collicr said that Ilic Committee on Acndcmic Standing.
which proposed Ilic “W,” bciicvcs “that no studcnt wants
. his transcript to be one half "W’s" zuid one liall‘grndcs. Thc
“W” will encourage studcnts to drop courses ihcy httvc no
inlcniion ol‘ kccping curly.”
~Hc explained that tlic proposal was dcvciopcd to
discourage oycrrcgisicring. "During drop and add sludcnis

will I'rcc \piicck i'or iiilicH. In tiiiic tlic ncw system will lCtlLl to
morc ci‘i‘icicnl matching of iiliiit i\ iriiighl and “lint count-x
tiic slittlciih iiiint." hc llitlllllttllit‘tl.

'I'lic \ccntttl concciii tiic proposal uddi'cxscs i\ tiic :iccuiuci
\\llll which ii \Iudcnt's lellth is icgistcicd on it iiiiiixciipl.
('ollici c\pl:iiiicd that “till tiic picxciil syxicm no dil’l'cicncc ix
iiiudc hciiiccli'piut~tiiiic \liidciilx. “ho ttikc oiih iiiiic L'Ik'tlll\
pct \ciiicslcr. iilltl I’iill Iimc \Ilitlt‘llh \ilio icgixtci Ioi liltccu
cicdits hut ciid tip dropping \i\.“ I lic '\\' \\lll iiclp Io lil.t|ll
tiun IliL' itiicgiil} ol' oiti ll.lli\t'll|\l\.” mud ( oilici.

\ccoitliiig to liiStmi tiic "W" I“ not .ui ll|lII\ll.Il |tl\'.l
".\I.iir\ otltci \tliiittlk li.i\c u_“ \ltt‘ ~.utl. \lluun. ~lii‘ poiiitul
out. iivtl iltc "\\“‘ indicator until llii' Iiiitlillc ol Ilic I‘VU'u

.‘\I it» mccting lit\l \\'ctliit-~d;i_\ < t-mml ( ouncil int-ml .t
IL'xUllllliili tilltlllhl IllL‘ I1Itl|‘\c‘tl pillic}.

ItiSiixn \Illtl tliut \ilicti Ilic pitiIiihul on» iuouulu ltt'lilii'
Council, tiic llicllilich did not undcntund it. mid luucd llitll
DIUHPL‘L'lltL'Clllplti) cix oi gitidutilc ~c|ioo|~ “I” no“ tiic "\\ "
itiiltivoitilily. "I iliitik Ilic) \il“ Ilic '\\" inucli inoic iici'titiic-
ly Illiili it was inlciidcd. ilicy didn't xcc Ilic |ii'lii‘lil~
Inmltcd." \liL‘ innintuincd.

('ollicr \ttlll no onc lith hccn pciiuli/cd in thc [TIMI lot an
occasional “W.” although iic udmiilcd that many “\\"\“
would “look slrtiiigc.” llc :iddcd llitll Ilic “\\"' \lltillltl
iiiolivtiic studcnis to. drop clrmcs iiicy limc no inlciitton of
kccping curly cnougii to tillow oiiicr \Ititlcttls \\ ho do wish to
cnroll in it course to do so.

LtiSuin tuid Collicr tlgl'L‘Cd Illtll Ilic liciiclils ol' ciiniiiitiiing
uiiliuiciy drops ziiid mcrrcgistriition. rilong with ilic cvlclt-
.sion of tiic ndd pcriod should outucigh Ilic pmsililc
drawbacks. I

Both cniphiisircd Ihzil tiic “\V" iiictuis only lliill u L'tIIIIM.‘
wus droppcd. it givcs no indication ol‘ ohy it \iil\ droppcd.
lhcy said.

According to LIISIIMI. Ilic propoqu hus liccn unanimously
prisscd by Ilic Undcrgrndinilc Acaidcuiic Council. It will ii|‘l-
pczir bcl'orc Ilic Sctttiic's lixccuiivc Comiuiitcc on Monthly. If
thc Executch Commiilcc dccidch to forward it to tiic Scnrilc
it will bc tliscus‘sscd zit Ilic Sciiutc's hltl) mccling.

 

 
    
     

Fﬁday
April 6, 1984

' NUMBER I9

   

 

 

 

SUNYA President Vincent O'Leary
ll ill mtw till/I citrrl \/llt/i‘lll\.

O’Leary considering
graduate student fee

By Gerry Silver

A liltllitlilltil’) \tudcnl 1it.’ll\’ll)' I’cc i‘oI purl-linic tllltl noti-
Iiiniriculzilcd \ltltlcliis ix cuirciiliy undci ic\icw by SUNYA
I'icxidcni \’iiicciii ()‘l L‘ttl')’.

()‘lcuiy ~uid lic llils not rcticiicd u thClxlllli on whcthcr to
uppioic tiic itlcii. ll' ()‘I.ctiry docs uppi‘mc Ilic I‘cc it will go
to it gruduulc stiiilcnt mm for final conl'iontution. Howci'cr.
()‘l.ctiry suid lic docsn'l I'orcscc u mil: in Ilic nczir futurc.

Ilic (‘ommilicc on (irtidutitc Sludcnls ()rgani/ation com—
plctcd its rcporl in Iimc to mcct its April I dciidlinc. uccor—
ding to tiic cominiitcc‘s chair, History Proi‘cssor Kendall A
Ilirr. lic Nilitl tiic commiticc outliticd \til'ililih proposals in its
rcport. but did iioi \tippml Ii specific idcu.

'I'hc pl'iiptikitl closcst to becoming t'L'tilll)’, he said. is tl
charge of $1 pcr crcdii iiour. with at maximum chtirgc of Bill
pcr .sludcnt. 'I'hc i'cc would gcncrziic $13.000 l'rom graduates
and $9,000-$I0.0000 I'roni [itilldiillc illitl non-nintriculatcd
aludcnts. hc tiddcd.

Funds coilccicd would not lit- lltllitllL‘tl by tiic Sludcnt

7b

Threat of suit prompts Council to grant back pay

By Ian Clements
I:'Iiil'thIrlI. .rlXSISIZ-iNf

Central Council grunicd a lolill ol' $2330 in bitck pay to
ihrcc mumbch ol' SA's cxccutivc brunch chncsdtiy nigiii
zil'tcr bcing told during their mcciing that till cxccuiivcs put in
equal time and share cquzil responsibility, but that thcy did
not all rcccivc cquul ptiy this ycrir.

The Ilircc stipends undcr dcbtitc \vcrc those of Minority
Affairs and Off-Crimpus Coordinators both initially slated to
receive $1375 and [lie SA Mcditi Director. originally stipcnd-

cd til $1670.

Erich of Ilic thrcc positions is now i'illcd by ti woman. one

of whom is it minority sludcnl.

 

      
 

 

 

Tctiipcrs I'Irircd throughout tiic six hour incciing its SA cx»
cculivcs rind til‘i'irintilii'c action tidyociucs iit‘gucd tlirit tiic
budgctcd stipend for cricii position is disciiminuloi‘y tigtlilihl
womcn uiid minorities.

As it I‘L'Sllll of Council's decision, Ilic IIircc piislllttlis iiiidcr
disputc urc now stipcndcd tit 52250, which is count Io‘tlic litl)‘
for thc SA I’rcsidciit. Vicc I’rcsidciii. Dircclor ol' Siiidciit
Programming. Controller and (‘cnirtil (‘oimcil ('huir. ol'i'iccs
till currcnily hold by wliitc mnics.

Council votcd oii Ilic issuc lwicc. l’uiliiig Ilic first pl‘t)pti\:tl.
which took Ilic ncccsstiry funds from Ilic SA tuidio \ixutii
budgci, by it iii-ll-Z mic and Itilcr passing it sccond bill.
which took ihc funds from SA's cmcrgcncy \pciiding linc. Ii)
ti 16-2—3 volc. Thc sccoiid bill was brought to thc I'Ioor iil'ici
scvcrtil Council mcmbcrs had lcl't tiic mcciing l'ollowiiig
Ihrczits that ilicy would hc \ucd for having \oicd tilttillhl Ilic
first bill.

SA Controller Adtiin linrnky \tlltl iic niid SA l'lCNltlL‘Ill
Rich Schni'l'cr introduccd thc first bill bccaiusc thcy I‘cii tiicy
could not justify ilic pay dil'i‘crcniirils in It court ol' lziw or in
ilicir consciences.

Sonic membch of Council "did not think that cuch posi-
tion was worth as much as Ilic other." he said. “This is not
tiic philosophy we had." stritcd lizirsky. "The philosophy wc
liild is that an equity did exist." he said.

According to SA niiorncy Miirk Mishlcr. SA‘s stipend is
unlawfully discriminatory. “SA would most likely- be
ordered to retroactively increase the stipends oi‘ tiiosc cx-

ccutivc officers with the lowest current siipcnds it' discrimina-
tion complaints were filed against SA." Mishlcr sriid.

Mishler mentioned Ihrcc statutes prohibiting cmploymciit
discrimination, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of I964. tiic
Equal Pay Act 0!" 1963 and tiic New York State Human
Rights Law pcrmit‘ retroactive pay increases. he said.

After Council defeated tiic i'irst bill i'or a retroactive in-
crease former SA Media Director Libby Post vowed. “I'll br-
ing up the suit, it's a promise." To those who voted against

tiic mcusurc. shc Hilltl. “I‘ll drug your l‘---ing ntimcs through
tiic mud."

A I'Clerhttliltllltt.‘ ol‘ the Now York Slulc Al'l'irmnlivc Ac-
iioii ()I‘I'icc, Curios Vitllitl, told tiic Council mcnibcrs who
\‘otcd tigttitisl thc hill. “All of you have bccoinc pcrwnnily
litiblc in this. This is going to bc Il 'I'iilc VII issue." Hc vowcd
to hpr in any lti\\\lll| tlgilllisl Ilic Council Iiicmlicrs. In on iii-
Icrvicw 'I‘liiu’sdtiy Viumi \It'cswtl thut Iic spokhll Council m
it privntc cili/cii. not us .i stuic cmpioycc.

Coloniiil Quud I't.‘iH'L'.\L'Iiltlll\‘L‘ Nuncy Killiuii. who wrilkcd
out of Ilic mccting licl'orc tiic sccond volc on the bill mid. "I
l'inLl it tippulling Iliut mcmbcm of Ccntiiil Council cmi lic
Ilirctiicncd \\llll \liilitlcl‘ illltl lit\\\illl\ I'or cxprcssing IlIL‘ll' oni-
nioiis mid tiic opinions of it suhxttinlitil nunihcr oi' ilicir con
xiiiucnls. 'I‘hi’cuts ol' ‘dmgging numcx through mud‘ do not
licloiig on tlic ﬂoor of Council."

Shorlly ni‘tcr Ilic first votc Minorin .Ail'iiii's (‘ooidinuioi
\’i\ itui Vti/quc/ stood in from ot'CounciI and said. "I'm tuk~
ing it good took an till of you who \‘och no.“ Lutcr. slit: zidd~
cd. "I liaivc to do dcul with Ilic nonscnsc of racism cvch tlli\’
I walk into tiic SA ot‘l‘icc." . '

Alumni Quad rcprcscntiitivc Nnthunicl Churny said sonic
Council nicmbcrs l'cll intimidated by Vinnu‘s statements.

Oil-campus rcprcscntativc Luuri Colc agreed. "I I'ccl
ilirczitcncd by people in this room." she said.

Charity, who changed his vote from "no" to “abstain.”
Sitld hc switchcd his position becasusc he felt Council was go-
ing to pass tiic bill anyway. “An abstention is a no vote in u
iiiiicii mildcr scnsc." Charny said.

According to liarsky. it is Post, not the current Media
Director Stacey Young, who will receive the increase. Barski
said that he and Schailer decided that Post should get the
money because at" the format for determining stipends.

All executive branch ofﬁcials, he said, are paid $250 each
semester. with the rest of the stipend coming from work done
during tiic summer. Since Post. not Young worked during
the summer. she will get tiic increase. Barsky said. Li

    
     

