    
 

l

 

. .__u "How‘s,

~ em... Me”.._.......~..m»..-.- .

 
      

w,.

    
 
    

a proposed formation 'of‘ the group Heterosexual
Alliance leaves one questioning how our top elected

officials go about performing their duties. '

The issue of the group's recognition’ekpioded into raging

7 Controversy due to the unwillingness and inability of student
leaders to communicate properly. The problem of H.A. of-
fending other groups on campus was resolved when a chance
meeting allowed leaders of the opposing groups tosit down
as rational people and work the problem out upfront. A’ few
relatively simple alterations, involving changing the group's
name and rewarding two lines of its constitution; were ac-
complished without the aid of our Student Association -

leaders.
so what are they there for?

, About two weeks ago, posters appeared on the podium of-
ferring students the opportunity to “revive dying soeial life,"
and “to have fun." Today, the organizers of that drive have
exactly what they wanted. What occured between then and
now-was a mess of confusion, waste, and poor leadership.

In one of the first of several failures to communicate. the
leaders of H.A. .believed that SA President Rich Shaffer
planned to invalidate the group’s temporary recognition
when in fact he was only notifying them as to when his deci-

sion on permanent recognition would be made.

Rumours quickly spread about campus, and Shaffer found
himself facing pressure from several University officials and,
leaders of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance. on one hand, and

COLUMN

Black History Month part I '

First of a two par! article

it has often been asserted that African-Americans are un-
willing to pull themselves up from their bootstraps,
therefore, resulting in massive social, economic, and
psychological problems for the Black community. Many con-
servatives go even further and still cling to the ancient myth
or the inherent laziness and inate inferiority of African-
Americans. it is this type of attitude .and atmosphere of
uneasiness that has permeated racial relations in America for '
centuries; which. for the most part, is due to the institution
of slavery in America and the legacy of slavery which must be
challenged today.

[ferry Rolley

As millions of Americans across the nation commemorate
African-American History Month, we must continue to
uproot the cliches, myths, and false illusions which have im-
prisoned African-Americans in a cage of helplessness,
healthiessness, and hopelessness for too long. The well read
and honest of the human race know that the historical legacy
of slavery has severely dampened the dreams. dignity,
creativity, and aspirations of African-Americans; it is this
legacy that must be contested.

Talking to a friend recently, he hinted that the institution
of slavery was over years ago and that people should let
bygones be bygones. in response, l stated that although
African-Americans are no longer in physical bondage, we are
still trapped in the quicksand of mental, economic. and
social bondage. This bondage, l continued, not only leads
African-Americans to the guillotine of poverty and despair,
but it is now sucking both Blacks and Whites into the reser-
voir of misfortune and misery. Problems such as suicide in
the white community, which has practically quadrupled
within the past few decades, indicates that the social.
psychological, and moral effects 'of slavery has greatly

disturbed American society. Challenging his views, i asked
him should American citizens forget about the American
Revolution where independence was in the making? Should
the Jewish community ignore‘ those sad moments in human .
history where millions of innocent people were murdered?
Responding, he said no. Then, i muttered, you and l mttst
work conscientiously in eradicating the ill after effects of
slavery and hope for a better tomorrow.

African—American History Month presents an opportune
moment to, express the dire importance and unique
significance of the African-American‘s contribution to
humanity. Through seminars, art exhibits, entertainment
festivals. and other programs, attempts are being made to ex-
tinguish the legacy of slavery and brighten the future of
.America.

For the most part, African-Americans have been left out
of history books, overlooked in science books, and ignored
in art books. Futhermore, the African-American's culture,
which is especially known for its fine food. abound athletic
ability, illuminating intelligence, magnificent-music, and
iaudibie leadership, is being eroded daily. due to unfortunate
circumstances. The thoughtful and industrious of the
African-American communtiy know that in an era of
heightening racial tensions one cannot applaude the scandal
of superstar James Brown without applauding the sounds of
John, Brown. norvean one clap to sound: of Evelyn "Cham-
pagne" King without clapping to the sounds of Martin

 

' aware they there for?  

The recent brouhaha at tifék’S‘tu ent Association over the

  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
    
  
    
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

til

th‘ t rest of a lawsuit from H.A. and thc‘Amcrican Civil

Libcrliics Union on the other. He' quickly deCtded to deny the

group permanent recognition. In the meantime, Jetf

Schneider, turned to Indian Quad Board to rally for Central

Council members support of the group. _ _

if Schneider was so enthusiastic about getting 

started, why did he avoid consulting with‘Schaifer? And ‘II‘
the solution to the problem was so easily achieved,  dtd
Schaf fer so hastily resort to denying the group recognition?
' Through his position as vice-president, Schneider pro- ‘_
moted the creation of H.A.. assisting in organizing the group
and developing its constitution. If. his intentions for ad-
vocating the group were sincere, why didn't he sit down wnh
Schaffer and others Involved and responsibly work out the
problems which existed before the controversy flared'i.

He was aware over a week ago that it was developing into a ‘
sticky issue. He chose to shirk his duties as vice-president and
betray his own campaign platform of improving relations
with student groups, while operating behind the back of the ,
person he should have been working most closely with. ‘

At the same time, Schaffer‘s handling of the issue was
equally disappointing. He was also well aware last week of
the potential trouble H.A. posed, and of Schneider's role in
aiding and advocating the group. Yet he too avoided con-
sulting his coworker, casting serious doubts on his profes-
sionalism and leadership abilities.

The bottom line is that, instead of fulfilling their duties as
student leaders, Schaffcr and Schneider consciously played the students they elect to serve their interests. Mnyhe lltcn
some sort of immature political game, help'ing no one and they will get their money’s worth with their tlllllllill \ltttlenl
hurting everyone. tax.

Another question raised by this episode is the rule the Gay
and Lesbian Alliance played in being allowed to dicttttc lhe
resolutionof the conﬂict. GALA had several very rand mm.
plaints with the formation of H.A.; the original name and
constitution did connotate homophobic attitudes and possi.
ble infringement upon the rights‘of gays and lesbians. Bu,
does that give them the right to determine the way which the
situation should be handled? "

If our student leaders had acted professionally. and if
Schaf fer in particular had.not lost his perspective and bowed
so hastily to the concernsrof GALA, the leaders of HA,
would have never gone to the ACLU to sue him. and he ob.
viously need never have resorted to denying the group
recognition.

One individual who seemed conspicuously absent from
this fiasco was SA Programming Director Rich Golubow,
whose job it is to resolve conﬂicts among SA groups. Hi;
participation was limited tochiming in with Schaffer that
H.A. give up their hopes of becoming a group and work
something out with Middle Earth or Genesis. That Goiubow
could not rise above the failure of his bosses was it sud addi-
tion to this already sad episode.

Why did this whole unnecessary mess develop in SA? Amt
why, finally, were student leaders and Central Council of.
l'icials useless in resolving it? Why are they thch tutymty?

Perhaps students should begin keeping a sharper eye on

Luther King, and we surely should not scream and shout to
the sounds of Michael Jackson without screaming and
‘shoouting to the sounds of Jesse Jackson. This is what
African-American History Month is all about.

chickens, horses, buildings, and sacks of grilitl. 'lhet czunt‘
not with their own consent, to find an unmolcstcd enjoyment
of the blessings of this fruitful soil. Neither did they come
flying upon the wings of liberty, to a land of freedom, lint
they came with broken hearts, from their beloved native
land, and were doomed to unrequited toil, deep degradation,
and tortured souls. Families were broken up, the lilttck male
was totally emasculated, and the Black woman was
systematically sexually exploited and vilely humiliated.
The slave in the United States had no rights except those
granted by his master. in contrast to the liberal policies of

Patriots such as Crisptts Attucks, Frederick Douglass,
Harriet Tubman, Booker T. Washington, Mary Mcloed
Bethune, W.E.B. Dubois, Elijah Muhammed. Malcom X,
among a host of others, have played a signiﬁcant role in
shaping American history. Some educators and historians
have gone a step further and argue that African-Americans
have not only shaped American History through demanding manumission operating in the Spanish and Portuguese col-
liberty and justice for every citizen but actually made the onies. there were strong legal structures against t'rccing
United States what it is today. They argue, to the dismay of slaves, especially following the abolition of the slave trade in
many, that it was neither Weber bureaucratic theories or l8l0. Slaves could not own property nor buy [ht ir freedom.
Adam Smith‘s economic principles that made America the They could not testify in court, except against each other.
most respected nation in the world. On the contrary, it was and in many states were denied the freedom of assembly.

upon the blood, swEat, and tears of African-Americans that They were not educated, even in basic literacy, nor were they
provided the labor. raw materials, and profits which laid a welcomed in the white man's church. Children derived the"
polished foundation for this greatcountry. status from their mother, so that even children of Will“
Let us look brieﬂy at this peculiar institution, its repercus- masters often remained slaves.
sions, and the African-American’s response to it. The castra-
tion of African-Americans, and the resulting problems or PSychoIoEicaIly deranged and denied adequate healthcare.
self-identity and inner rage started more than three hundred education, and food, many slaVes weeped and waited Willie
and fifty years ago when the first of our injured race were they werked in the cotton and tobacco fields or Atttcrica.
brought to the shores of America. Stripped bare both Working from sunup to sundown without any COlthL‘lNlllon
psychologically and physically. placed in an alien land. whatsoever. African-Americans provided the csscntttll inste-
Afrtcan-Amertcans became chattle property, just like dients necessary for the ﬂourishing of AmeriCﬂ- m‘

 

 

Modern Life...

   
   
 
 
 

mihii‘icﬁiiih”
MY MICWVE OVEN

  

   
  
 

   

I'M (who ABS'OLUTELY
IT in 51min Miltmkltttua
ABOUT

 
 
  

AND U FORlMlDEHYDE
1N MYREHgME INSULATION!

    

   
     
    
     
 

 

 

BREAD, ‘
roo MUCH SALT in W are , HEAMC
CYCLAMATES m MY an mitts, 'hoogil“€ns taui1 Et5
THE nu. GlVlNG ME curt , DON'T DARE use
' MD TAMPONS GIVING ME TYLENU. on name!

WEEK—m MM warms/Mia?

 
 
 

--—_~.._ _ __ _ ._

 

   

 
  
  
   

HERPES.

College Press 3217:!“
I)!
It 7o.

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

 
  
  
  

 

 

