ha...“........-.....-...~.~~.u....-.... .. . .. ..

  

v»; -...‘-v.... —-v».. ............ .,..

 

- ruesoav APRIL 3,1934 n ALBANY STUDENT mess 

  A’s shoot for playoffs in, .2

out of the eight teams inthe Eastern perienced players who have been
Division, and 3! games out of first brought up from the A’s Single A
Sports Editor place. ' clubs, Modesto and Madison.
Despite their mediocre record, So far in the spring training
In less than two weeks, 22 minor the Albany fans still got to see a games, these young players have
league baseball players will be number of future major league pro- looked impressive and there Is
making their way from the torrid spects. Pitcher Mike Warren work- hope that this will be a playoff
climate of Arizona to the frigid ed in Albany for the first month of season. This task is not asdifficult as
Albany region. And hopefully by the season, compiling a 6-2 record It sounds since four out of the eight
then, the remains of the recent spr- and striking out 87 batters in 72 inn- teams in the Eastern Division
ing snowstorm will have disap- ings pitched before he was called qualify for post-season play.
peared, and the Albany-Colonie A‘s up to Oakland, where he became Manager Keith Lieppman, who
will be able to open their second the first rookie in 10 years to toss a took over the reigns in the midst of
season at Heritage Park on no-hitter. One and a half months, last season, is cautiously optimistic
schedule, April 13 against Buffalo. after he was called to up to the big about his team's chances: "We're a
Last season, in their first summer leagues, Warren was still leading young club so we'll have to wait

 sporfsApriL  .I V - ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 1:1 TUESDAY APRIL 3, 1984 K

- From the editor

   

 

. -. Contents '-—,

3 A's sr-roor FOR PLAYOFFS IN ’84

As the Albany-Colonies A's prepare to begin their second
season of play, Marc Barman details the foam position by
position.

 

V The reason baseball is so special to me is that many of my memories, especially
 the early ones, are ones I share with my father. I think baseball is the ultimate father
i“ and son sport. You do not see to many fathers in pads and helmets ramming into.
3‘ their five year old linebacker sons, but on any spring or summer day in any
 playground or park, you will see fathers and sons tossing a ball around.

I can still remember when my father gave me my first glove. it was one of the

greatest gifts I ever received. Sure, it was all beat up, my father had used it himself

i when he was a kid. The mitt hardly did anything more than cover my hand, but it
was a real leather baseball glove and I used it all the time.

The first baseball game I ever went to was a family trip to Shea Stadium. The Mets

_ took on my father’s favorite' team the San Francisco Giants. Although to him, they

will, probably always be the New York Giants. Art Shamsky laced a triple to right,

but theMets lost as Bobby Bonds and Willie McCovey starred. One game that par-

ticularly sticks out in my mind occured in 1973. The Atlanta Braves visited Shea and

two of the greatest players of all—time, Hank Aaron and Willie Mays went at it.

By MARC HERMAN

4 COVER STORY: THE BASE BALL HALL
OF FAME- AMERICA'S PASTIME
REVISITED '

Cooperstown is more than just the site where baseball was in-
vented, it is the place where the national pastime lives eter-
nally in the Hal/of Fame and museum. Marc Schwarz enters
the shrine of the sport and returns with a report.

6 BIG APPLE BASEBALL PREVIEW

Azron hit a homerun in the eighth inning and Mays won the game in the tenth with \ Cnmmm-s, Mmk Levine cmemes fmma month in "0,710wa in Albany, the A's didn’t have too the Eastern League in strikeouts; and see how the players fare In
a ouble. (Blew-5,0,, m ,0” Why (he Mes“ and the Yankees are both go. much trouble filling the ballpark, This season Warren'ls the number Double A competition,” Liepp-
but had difficulty chalking up vic- three man in Oakland’s rotation. man, speaking from the spring

' V Of course I had a baseball card collection. I think part of the thrill of collecting
.has been lost because the whole set comes out at once. Remember the days, when
the cards came out in series. I still remember waiting at the candy store for the next
series to come out. My father would always surprise me by bringing me home
several packs of cards.

With all this in mind, Ed Marussich and I headed out to Cooperstown last Friday.
Despite the bad weather and poor traveling conditions, several families made the
trip so a father could show and tell his son about players and games he saw when
he was a kid. As wepassed by the plaque honoring Mel Ott, I thought back to my

, first trip to the Hall of Fame many years ago, when my father described to me in
detail, Ott's unusual batting stance. ' ‘ , ~ - , ,, . . v ,, ,

Still the moment that sticks out clearly is the spring afternoon when my father ,Cfifvsf’ﬂfi,’   '
smacked a triple to left center in the father-son Cub Scout game in Alley Pond Park. 50.151)”, i i ‘

ing to watch the Fall Classic from in front of the tube. ,
. tories. The A’s, which are the Dou- Other crowd favorites last year training headquarters in Arizona

ble A minor league franchise of the were team MVP Tim Pynarzski (29 said, "We're looking forward to be
Oakland Athletics, were second in homeruns), first baseman Phil back in Albany. We had a fun year
attendance in the Eastern League Stephenson (.280 19 HRs, 77 RBIs), last year. I hope we bring the city a
drawing 200,126, losing out in that and outfielder Tom Romano (.320 winner this year."

Principal owner and president ,
Ben Bernard is expecting a winner
this year: "We're very excited
about 1984," he said. " We’re not
going to rest on our la'urels. We’re
not just going to be a funteam but a
winning team as well."

The A’s fans are reacting positive-
ly to this year‘s team; 1005 season

7 THE STRETCH RUN TO THE DERBY
Our two horse racing experts are back to give an early look at
the Run for the Roses. Keith Marder and Eric Nagler are hack
on track with their picks for the upcoming derbies an stakes
HICKS.

 

“I hope we
8 AMIA INTRAMURAL STANDINGS
bring the city

 

>“ Li -
Q Aw the-»

 

 

Page 2 photos of Albany A’s by Steve Twardzik, reprinted
courtesy of the Albany-Colonie A’s. '
Page 7 photo of Swale reprinted courtesy of the New York
Racing Association.

Page B photo- UPS.

 

 

 

 

-—— Keith Lleppman

 

 

 

department to the Buffalo Bisons by
200 fans.

The ﬁrst three months of the
season the A's played their home
games in ancient Bleeker Stadium,
which is often described as a
"sandbox" due to Its less than
gigantic dimensions. When the
building of Heritage Park was com-
pleted on July 20, the A’s ﬂed
Bleeker Stadium and settled In their
new haven on Albany-Shaker Road
for their last 23 home dates. Atten-
dance soared dramatically surging
to 5217 fans a game, compared to
the 2600 ﬁgure at Bleeker.

But while their facilities and fan
support improved, their season
continued at the same losing pace.
The club finished 63-83, fifth place

24 HRS, 89 RBIs). All three players
have won starting positions on the
Triple A Tacoma club and might
make spot appearances with the
parent team. In fact, the A’s fans
will be seeing practically a brand
new bunch of players this year
since almost all of last season's club
have either been moved up to
Tacoma or or dealt to other
organizations.

There will be a few familiar faces
including Mike Ashman, who
reached local stardom when he
became the first professional
baseball player to to play all 10
positions (including DH) in one

game.
On the whole, though, the club is
comprised of mostly young, inex-

To all the fathers who have ever taught their sons the game of baseball, thanks. .
a  tickets have already been sold
which doubles any other team in
o o the division.
. - n The A's will also provide the most
Cover and centerfold photos by Ed Marussich, UPS.  year' 9Xle"5lVe mEdia COVETBBE 0‘ MY

club. All I40 games will be broad-
cast on WTRY by the former voice
of the Albany State football and
basketball team, Phil Pivnick and
his partner Mike Smith, who does
play by play for the Patroons.
Here is a position by position
look at the probable starters for this
year‘s squad:
FIRST BASE: Greg Robles looks like
the definite starter at the initial
sack.» He played Single 'A last
year leading the Madison Muskies
in homers with 16. He also batted
289 and knocked in 78 runs. A San
Jose State graduate, he swings lefty
and is called "Tank" because of his
6"1 frame. He also is a slick fielder,
according to Plvnick, and the A's
are expecting good numbers from
him at the plate.
SECOND BASE: 21-year old Juan
Cruz will be starting his third year in
the A's organization. The last two
seasons he played for the A’s Single
A franchises, Modesto and
Madison, respectively. Last year in

Manager Keith Lie‘ppman meets with
pitcher Mark Ferguson and catcher Jim
Durrman

 

Madison, he hit .262, stole 34 bases
and led the league in sacrifices with
15. He's the typical scrappy, good-
fieiding second baseman who has
no power but gets the little things
done at the plate.

SHORTSTOP: Now that last year's
shortstop Steve Klefer has moved
up to a possible starting role on

Oakland, Albany faces a huge

,dilemma in replacing him. Klefer
had great power for a shortstop,
smacking 19 homers and driving in
81 runs. Twenty-two-year-old
Chicago native Ray Thoma is the
odds on favorite to fill the void. ln
Modesto last year his stats were Im-
pressive (.256, 10 Hits, 62RBIs.)
THIRD BASE: Last year’s Albany
MVP Pyznarski is now with Tacoma
but 23-year old Bob Battle has won
the war and will start as third
baseman. At Modesto last' year his
numbers were good (.267, 15, 82)
but what impresses the Albany
coaching staff the most is his knack
for coming through in the clutch, as
he led the league in game-winning
hits. If Battle falters look for
Ashman to play a lot of third base
this year. Ashman can play any
position but third base and first
base are his specialties. He Is ex-
pected, though, to be used as DH.
OUTFIELD: The coaching staff isn’t
sure who is going to play where yet.
Twenty-four-year-old Kevin
Coughlln will begin his fourth year
in minor league ball- and is ex-
pected to play Ieftfield. He doesn't
have much power but Is a good
singles hitter. The veteran of the
team, RandyHobbs, who begins
his ninth year in minor league ball,
Is the probable centerfielder. He
played four years in the Seattle
minor league system before coming
to the A's organization four years
ago. However, this will be his first
year at Albany and the coaching
staff hopes he viii be a good “11
fluence on the unger‘players. A
new member to t a A's organiza-
tion should be man 'ng right field,
Gene Gentlle._A six-v r vet of the

 

Mark Ferguson

 

Red Sox system, Gentile should
also provide some experience to
the relatively young club. ,
CATCHEI: Mickey Tettleton is the
prime candidate for the job. He
played with Modesto last year and
batted .243 with 7 homers and 62
RBIs. It’s Tettleton’s arm that has
everyone so impressed. He’s very
tough to steal on, according to Piv-
nick

DESIGNATED HITTER: Jim Eppard
and Ashman should share the spot.
Eppard is on-a hitting spree as torrid
as the Arizona climate; he's 27 for
42 this spring. Eppard can also play
first or the outﬁeld. He’s 23 years
old, a lefty hitter who played for
Modesto last year. He's got great
bat control and he will probably be
inserted as the number two hitter.
PITCHING STAFF: Lieppman will
be handling a very young staff. The
opening day pitcher should be Ed
Myers, who impressed a lot of peo-
ple last year as a relief pitcher at
Modesto and Madison. His ERA
was 1.42. Jeff Kobernus is another
relief pitcher trying to make it as a
starter. Last year he was Involved in
an auto accident that hampered his
performance. In 1982 he saved 13
{and boasted a 1.72 ERA. That is
gwhat the coaching staff is looking at
and hoping he can duplicate this
year. Mark Ferguson is another pro-
spect that Albany is counting on.
He pitched for Albany last year and

‘threw the team's only no-hitter.

Overall he didn’t throw up to his
potential. He finished with an 3-8
record with an inﬂated 5.18 ERA.
Another returning relief pitcher is
Jesse Anderson who hopes to Im-
prove on his 5.18 ERA. Other
names being tossed around are
Tom Dozier, Jim Stricheck, Dennis
Gonzales, Todd Fischer, and Pete
Kendrick. Though most of these pit-
chers are coming from Single A
ball,,they are familiar with Albany’s
inew' pitching coach; Rich
Tronerud, who was the pitching
Coach at Modesto the last few
seasons.
i

  

