“ ' ’2 Acuity"? sr‘UbENr‘PRESS' cr ~FRIDA Y.” Mtth '16”. 1984

we we BRIEFS} ,

Worldwide

Colonel gunned down

San Salvador, El Salvador
(AP) Unidentified gunmen shot and killed a
retired army colonel and conservative
political leader near his Itome today and
seriously wounded ltis 4-year-old daughter,
relatives said. -

Col. Tito Adttlhcrto Rosa! 55, was shot
down at 7:50 am. in the El l-Iogar
neighborltood on the northern outskirts of
tltc capital. said a relative who asked not to
he identified t'or security reasons. He was the
second political leader gturned down in the
past 24 hours.

“is killers intercepted ltis car at a stop sign
tear his house‘and l'ired on him. killing Rosa
tnd seriously wounding ltis datrghter, who
was with him, the relative said.

 

 

 

Crucifixes defended

Warsaw, Poland
(AP) Poland's Roman Catholic leaders are
ttrgittg worshipers to defertd the display of
crucifixcs'in public schools and restore those
removed by Communist authorities “at the

u in the Senate. with debate shifting to a

 

earliest possible opportunity."

The nation's primate. Cardinal Jozef
(ilcmp. suggested III a sermon that the
government “rethink” the law separating
chttrclt and state.

The cardinal. addressing 2.000 worshipers
Wednesday at St. John's Cathedral in War-
saw. said the authorities offend Poland‘s
devout Catholic 'majority by stripping
schools of crucifixes.

'l'hc nine-member Main Council of
’llishops also commented Wednesday. issuing
a stat \cnt saying: “Statements by the
authorities that the crosses will be removed
front schools and educational institutions fill
us witlt dismay.“

 

IRA reprisal feared

Belfasl. Nor/Item I/‘t'lmtrl
(AP) Police increased \ecurity Thursday for
Protestant leaders in Northern Ireland out of
fear tltc IRA tttigltt try to avenge the shooting
of Gerry Adams. president of the guerrillas'
polictical wing.

Adams, president of Sinn l-‘ein. was
wounded in thc ttcck artd shoulder \Vcdncs-
day by gttruuert who riddled his car with at
lcttst l5 bullcts as he drove from a courthouse
where he is being tried t'or obstructing police
during llritain‘s general election last June.

Police arrested three Protestant gunmen
for the attack. claimed by the Ulster Freedom
l-iglttct's. a terrorist squad linked to the Ulster
Detense .-\ssociation, the biggest of Nortltcrn
Ireland’s Protestant paramilitary organi/a-
lions. ,

Hussein nixes talks

' .-lllltltrllt. Jun/tut
(Al’) King llttsscln of Jordan. said U.S. sttp~
port for Israel shows "there is no Itnpe ot'
achieving anything" in terms ol' peace itt the

‘tion. stands only an "outside chance" of

Middle East and says he won't go along with
a US. request that he open direcl talks ,with
Israel. ,

“We see things this way: Israel is on our
land. It is there by virlurc of American
military assistance and economic aid that
translates into aid for Israel settlements.”
Hussein said Wednesday in an interview with
The New York Titties. I

“This being tlie case. there is no way by
which anyone should imagine it would be
ptlSSIhIC‘I'OF Arabs to sit and talk with Israel
as long as tltings are as tltey arc.“ Hussein
said.

 

Nationwide ’

 

 

School prayer debated

ll"rl.vltingIo/t. D. C.
(AP) President Reagan's proposal t'or a con-
stitutional atttcrtdtncrtt to permit organized
spoken prayer in public schools appears dead

watered-down version allowing silent prayer
only.

And the backer of the backup proposal.
Scn. Alan .l. Dixon. D-lll., says his measure,
allowing citltcr silent prayer or silent reflec-

 

‘votcs to win approval of the president’s pro-

 

wlnnlng the needed two thirds — or 67‘ —
Senate votes. “It's iffy," Dixon told
reporters.

Reagan's allies in the Senate conceded
Wednesday‘that they did not have the needed

posal — or even of a weaker. compromise
version put together by Senate leaders that
would allow either spoken or silent prayer in
the nation‘s public schools.

Meese to testify again

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Edwin Mcese Ill. under fire from
Senate Democrats opposed to his nomination
as attorney general. will return to testify
before a Senate panel that reopens hearing on
the case Tuesday, it was announced Thurs
day.

The Senate Judiciary Committee‘s an-
nouncement 01' new hearings came as one
Mcesc opponent questioned whether the
White House counselor will be confirmed to
succeed William French Smith as attorney
general.

On Tuesday. Mccse told the panel he had
failed to list :1 515.000. interest-free loan on
his 1981 financial disclosure statement.

Mecsc also failed to list on his I982 finan-
cial disclosure report the fact that his wife us-
ed the loan money to buy stock. but his 1983
report mentioncs shares in a company he call-‘
ed “Biotech Inc."

 

 

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

Ald blll denounced

Washinglon, D. C.
(AP) President Reagan’s strategy of linking
Central American military aid to African
food relief is being denounced by Democrats
as “lousy” and “Indecent” and a Republican
leader says he is not sure it will get through
Congress.

The Senate Appropriations Committee ap-
proved, by voice vote Wednesday
administration-backed amendments tacking
$93 million in emergency security assistance
for El Salvador and $21 million for anti-
lcftist guerrillas in Nicaragua onto a bill pro-
viding $150 million in food aid for Africa.

The African aid bill has passed tltc l-Iouse.
Its backers say it is needed to counteract the
effects of a drought that has already taken
hundreds of thousands of lives in sub-
Saharan Africa.

Statewide

 

 

Love Canal checked

Niagara Falls
(AP) A team of scientists that will help decide
whether the Love Canal chemical dump
neighborhood of Niagara Falls is a safe place
to live toured the area Wednesday.

Federal agencies said irt I982 that except
for streets right next to the 'dump site, the
Love Canal area was as safe place to live as
other industrial areas in the nation; But; the
agency said the neighborhood wouldn’t he
habitable until some corrective measures
were taken, such as scaling the old dump site
and cleaning out sewers and streams.

Those conclusions, however. viewed with
skcplicistn by a number of lawmakers and
criticism by the congressional Office of
Technological Assessment.

Koch defends actions

New York Cilv
(AP) Homeless families cannot be housed in
"fleabags." Mayor Edward Koch said in ex»
plaining why the city has been housing sortie
home-less familieslin expensive hotels.

The mayor said chrtcsd' ' the city has no
choice btrt to house the families in places like
the Hotel Tudor, where it was disclosed that
the city was housing l7 homeless families at
$l2l per room per night.

If the city has a choice. the tnayor said. it
would pttt the homeless ittto dormitories tltllli
apartments could he found for them.

The city has the same problem that irr-
dividtral apartment hunters have irt New
York City -— a two percent vacancy rate. the
"mayor said. lvlany families get burned out oi
tltcir ltotncs and shelter has to be found for
them. lte said.

Remember: 
Last day to drop
classes is Tuesday,
March 20!

 

 

   

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Free listings

Last drop date for spring
semester classes to Tuesday.
March 20.

The Class of '67 Class Council
meets every Sunday at 5 pm. In the
Campus Center Fireside Lounge.
The Class of '88 Class Council
meets every Sunday at 7:30 pm. In
the Campus Center Fireside
Lounge.

The Clans of '84 Class Council
meets every Sunday at 5 pm. In the

 

Physics Building first floor lounge.
“Unlcurnlng Judaism: Clearing up
Misconceptions about Jews and
Jewishness" is the topic of a series
of lectures held every Tuesday at 4
pm. In the Campus Center. room

The Coalition Against Apartheid
and Racism will sponsor a fundrais-
ing fashion show. disco. and bullet
on Saturday. March 17 at 8 pm. at
the Otis' Club. 155 Northern
Boulevard.

National Women's Party Papers
19314945 will be the topic of a too
ture Monday. March 19. at 2 pm. In
the library room ULB 14/15.

Princeton University History Pro~
lessor Christine Lunardt will speak.
Rotary Club Career Day will be held
Thursday, April 12. Any interested
students may pick up Information In
the CUE ofllce. The deadline for ap-
plications Is March 28.

A Peace Protect Meeting will be
held Monday March 19. at 7:30 pm.
In the Fine Arts Building. room 126.
This week's meeting will be a teach-
tn on Guatemala.

Nadir. SUNYA's arts magazine. It}
accepting contributions In poetry,
wrlttng. photography. and art tor
the 1984 Issue. Catt Mike Benson at
4632388 for intormation. The new

deadline ls March 22.

The Anthropology Department will
sponsor a lecture on Friday. March
16. at 3:30 pm. In the Humanities
Building, room 290. Richard Gould
of Brown University will speak on
“Ethnoarchaeology and the 'thhlc
Landscape' of Autrallan Desert
Abortglnes."

Readings from Charles Dickens‘
novels will be presented Tuesday.
March 20. at B p.m. In the Perform-
ing Arts Center Recital Hall.

The Chamber Singer. from SUNY- '

Stony Brook will perform Friday,
March 16. at 9 pm. In the Perform-
tng Arts Center Recital Hall.

Latin America and the Caribbean
'84 will be the topic at a
multidisciplinary conference Friday
and Saturday. March 16 and 17. In
the Campus Center Assembly Hall.
Call 457-8873 or 457-8397 for more
Information.

An Education Colloqula will be held
Tuesday. March 20. at 3 pm. In the
Education Building. room 335. Gor-
don Purrlngton wtlt Speak on
"Public Policy and Children with
Special Needs."

Aging will be the topic of a talk
Tuesday. March 20. at 12:10 pm. at
the NYS Museum Orientation
Theatre at the Empire State Plaza.

 

 

By Alicia Ctmbora

sTAFf wnrmz
The Department of Public Safety working with the
Womens Safety Task Force has recently installed four new
:Blue Light Emergency telephones at the downtown campus‘
in- order to provide increased safety. according to downtown

' campus Coordinator Joel True. .
The Blue Light Emergency phone system was first initiated

Director of Public Safety Jlm Williams

30 I0 50 calls a year are received.
women. Modeled after a similar system at Cornell Universi-
ty, the system provides members of the University communi-
ty with direct access to the Department of Public Safety in
the event of a personally threatening situation. “The major
function is to let people know they are not without
resources," said Director of Afﬁrmative Action Gloria
DcSole.

When a phone is picked up it rings at a dispatchers desk
which indicates the location of thé call, said Director ot

 

FRIDAY. macarwgu r: ALBANY sruomngcss 3

New Emergency Telephones installed ,

Public Safety Jim Williams. The dispatcher will then Im-
mediately send a patrol car to the scene. he added.

The blue phones are “one of the things we've done to
enhance the safety of the community." he said. Williams
said he receives 30 to 50 calls per year from people with “real
or imagined problems." Public Safety has no complaints
about the phones being abused or misused and says that “not
many people take advantage of the system, but the people
who do are appreciative.”

DcSolc sees the phones as deterrents to potential criminal
acts. She feels that if people know the phones are there they
will think twice before they do anything.

Initially there was considerable publicity for the system.
but since its installation there has been a “whole new genera-
tion of students who don't know about the Blue Light phone
system," according to True. The Task Force is “very recep-
tive" to the idea of renewed publicity for the Blue Phones
and is considering rc-ordering the original posters. said
DcSolc.

There are eight phones on the uptown campus located in
the following areas: State Quad parking lot; Indian Quad
between the quad and the parking area; behind Indian Quad.
between the lake and tennis courts; the Western avenue en-
trance to campus; the commissary parking area on Fttllcr
Road; Dutch Quad parking lot; Colonial Quad; and in the
circle near the bus stop. Downtown there are sevcnphoncs
located in: Draper hall; Page gym; Husted hall; Milne locker
room; the first ﬂoor of Milne Hall and two in Hawlcy
library.

The system was originally funded through a $l0,500

'allocation from the President's office and is now financed

through funds allocated to the Women's Safety Task Force.

The phones are checked on a daily basis by Public Safety
to insure they are working properly. said Williams. Assistant
Director of Physical Plant Karl Scharl is concerned with the
visibility of the phones. “We want people to know they
exist." he said. The phones are mounted on poles wrapped
with orange reflector tape and are marked with a blue light.

Public Safety will be doing complete maintenance on the
phones this spring which includes painting and replacing the
tape on the poles, according to Williams. Upkccp for the
phones is minimal with a cost of approximately $200 per year
in physical maintenance.

In addition to the Blue Light phones. several on-campus
phones have been installed in academic buildings where
students and faculty work late hours. according to Schnrl.
These phones are located in the Fine Arts building. the
Chemistry building and the Physical Education building.

The availability of emergency phones provided by the City
of Albany was stressed by True. He reported the location of
a city emergency phone inside Draper Hall and three others
in the vicinity of the downtown campus.

DeSoIe sees the Blue Light phones as "important for
women and men" and feels it “shows the committmcnt the
University makes to safety." [3

 

 

 

 

send four SUNYA Olympic hopefuls to the trials.

tendence lor the "mini" games.

 

 

The chili dog eating and soda'drlnklng contest last night at the Rat was one of three events in the mini-
otymplcs. The night was sponsored by the Olympic Hopeful Committee in conjunction with Lone Star beer.

The other two events were bowling and playing the video track and field game.

The Olympic Hopeful Committee was set up by wrestler Gregg Stackel and wrestling coach Joe DeMeo to

Wrestlers Andy Seras. and Shawn Seldon who have Olympic potential. as well as DcMeo. were in at-

 

BOB SOUCV UPS

—-Kelth Mardar

 

 

    

new an: ASP
Governor Mario Cuomo
Mondale is in fine shape Io slop Hart.

Glenn ponders fate;
Cuomo: media for Hart

’ Washington. D. C.
(AP) Senator John Glenn moved to the brink of withdrawal
from the Democratic presidential race Thursday. telling sup-
porters he had all but settled his decision while closing carn-
paign offices and releasing his full slate of delegates in II-
Iinois.

Glenn called a news conference for Friday to announce his
plans. and one source said. “I think he's decided." to quit.

But this source. a prominent Glenn supporter. said. “I
think he may have a small percentage in his own mind that he
wants to weigh it over."

Glenn spent the morning talking with aides in his office
and making telephone calls to supporters.

Many of his advisers are recommending that he quit and
his supporters are beginning to leave the cause. but Glenn is
keeping his own counsel on whether to pull out of the
Democratic presidential race.

“We're going to get together... and see what's possible
and what he wants to do and make a decision." aide Greg
Schneiders said Wednesday. Schneidcrs said the senator had
called a meeting of his aides for today in his Senate office.
and might make an announcement about his plans later in
the day.

The former astronaut spent Wednesday afternoon at his
home in Maryland. meeting with longtime aide William
White and going over campaign ﬁnance records.

In his only public appearance of the day. attending the
funeral ot' a campaign worker, Glenn declined to discuss his
political future after a string of winlcss primary days.

He finished second. barely. in Alabama on Super Tuesday.
his best showing of the year. But he faded to fourth in
Georgia and Florida.

It was a far cry from the southern revival he had hoped for
in a campaign that once seemed filled with promise.

For more titan a year. tltc Ohio senator campaigned as
Walter F. Mondalc's principal opponent for the nomination.
But his Candidacy fizzled wltcn the first returns were read in
Iowa. leaving him in fifth place. He never recovered. moving
on to a disappointing finish in the New Hampshire primary.
arid Iltcn throwing virtually all his remaining resources into a
t'tttilc effort to win at least one primary victory in the Deep
South last Tuesday.

In the aftermath of Sttpcr Tuesday. Governor Mario
Cuomo said Walter Mondale is in fine shape to stop Col-
orado Senator Gary Hart's drive for the Democratic
presidential nomination.

Cuomo, who's heading tltc former vice president's New
York campaign effort. said Wednesday that the results from
the previous day's primary races were a big plus t'or Mon-
dale.

“I think the momentum has, frankly. moved back to
Mondale." said Cuomo while noting that Mondale and Hart
had battled to a virtual standoff in terms 01' delegates won in
Tuesday's races.

“He's on fire." said Cuomo of Mondale. “I think he's
strong and will get stronger. I think Senator “art has had his
best part of the campaign."

(.‘uomo said that the results Tuesday mean that New
York's April 3 primary “has to be more important."

“I like Senator Hart... he's a nice man. but I think Vice

_ President Mondale makes a better candidate and would

make a better president." said Cuomo. \

The governor also suggested that the media may ltavc
played a part in boosting the Hart candidacy.

“There‘s no question he got help because they (the tncdia)
wanted a contest." said Cuomo. '

New York's governor caused a stir in political circles witcn
he told the Washington Post editorial board in December
that Mondale — whom he had endorsed in October —
reminded his mother ol' polcnta, a blaan dish made of corn
meal. .

"He's still polcma, httt still substantial ——- still very. very
good for yotr. liut now he‘s more attractive than polcnta nor-
mally is." said Cuomo on Wednesday. “You had to get past
polenta‘s appearance. IIc's taken care of that problcttt
now."

Cuomo made his remarks during the taping of “Capital
Connection." a public radio show broadcast statewide on

Wed ncsday evening. I

. . NW..,,;....-.:,., '9‘. W345?

\

 

