t

:5?

 

 

 

 

 

i

~  mQALBANY-HUDENTPRESS El TUESDAY. FEBRUARY». I984

"By Jlm Erwin
STAFF WRITER

Participating in the first annual Division
111 New York State AlWA Championships
held in Cortland this weekend. the Albany
State women’s indoor track team found the
going extremely rough. '

A powerful Cortland squad took first
place overall with an overwhelming total of
164 points. Hunter was‘a distant second with
64 points. “1 consider Hunter to be a top
notch team, so that shows you just how good
Cortland is," said Coach Ron White. The
Danes placed fourteenth overall, scoring
with a ﬁfth place in the 4x800-meter relay.

Though the Danes were not pleased with'

their placing, they were pleased with the pro-
gress made by almost all the individuals per-
ticipating. it was a meet of near misses for
the Danes, as many individuals finished just
out of the money despite ﬁne performances.
The Dane 4x800-meter relay team, of Mary
Carmody, Donna Burnham, Jenn Jones and
Doreen Hutchinson ran an exceptional time
of 9:58.2 to place fifth. Albany’s
4x800-meter relay has been a strong point of
the team all season and will run again next
week at the Easterns, where they will once

.again be Albany’s brightest hopes to place.

‘ Freshman Hutchinson needed a top-foui
ﬁnish in her heat of the 800-meter run to
move on to the ﬁnals . Running an excellent
time of 2:240, a seasonal best, she finished a
heartbreaking fifth. Her time would have
won the only other 'qualifying heat for ﬁnals,
but.unfortunately finalists were selected by
their placing in each individual heat, and not
on time.

Albany’s tough luck continued in the
500-meter dash, where Carmody, singled out
by Coach White as the Danes' outstanding
performer, ran a school record 1:21.] but got
caught in the fastest preliminary and failed to
make the finals. Carmody also competed in
the 300-meter dash and won her preliminary
heat, but could not make it past the semis.
despite a.fine time of :44.6.

Karen Kurthy had a very good weekend.
running the 1500-meter and 3000-meter runs.
in the 3000, her personal best of 10:56.6 was
good for seventh place in a very tough field.
in the 1500-mcter run, Kurthy just missed the
finals with her very respectable time of 5:07.
Kurthy, coming on strong of late, will be run-
ning on the Danes ﬁne 4x800-meter relay
team at the Easterns next week, replacing

 

 

A swimsuit issue? '

N 0, but look for the‘ASP Sports Magazine

 

next Tuesday! '|

 

 

 

Burnham who can not attend the meet.
Bette Dzamba continued her steady im-

provement with personal-best times in both»

the 3000-meter and SOOO-meter runs. Dzamba
was clocked at 11:08.8 in the 3000-meter run
and finished a commendable ninth in the
5000—meter run with a time of 19.19.2.

The triple jump saw Ginny Griner place
seventh with an exceptional jump of 32'2",
and set a school record in the process.

l. women's indoor track team take 14th at States

other solid performances came from Jone.
in the SOD-meter run with a time of 124.6;
Burnham in the 1500-meter run with a time
of 5:100; Maura Mahon in the 1000-mete_r
run with a time of 3:21; and Mary Randles in
the shot put with a loss of 32'2".

The Danes travel to Bates College in Maine
this weekend for their Easterns meet, and

hope to continue to make progress as they
1:1.

gear toward the SUNYACs.

Women swimmers take
third at SUNYACs

By Michael Skolnlck

STAFF WRITER

After a very successful season a team can
experience a letdown. Such was the case for
the Albany State women’s swimming team
during the SUNYACs at Geneseo where the
team finished third behind Potsdam and
Geneseo.

This was a three-way race as Potsdam ac-
cumulated 400 points, Geneseo, 376, and
Albany, 354. Buffalo, the fourth place team
ﬁnished well behind with 284 points. The
third place finish was nonetheless a dramatic
improvement over last year's seventh place
ﬁnish.

Janet Bouman became a SUNYAC cham-
pion in two events — the 100-yard butterﬂy
and the 50-yard freestyle with times of
1:01.69 and 225.69, respectively. Bouman will
represent Albany in the butterfly at the Na-
tionals March 8 in Atlanta. The ZOO-yard
freestyle relay team of Carole Elie, Ellen Gat-
tlieb, Kris Monahan and Carol Pearl ﬁnished
ﬁrst in a time of 1:46.22. The ZOO-yard
freestyle relay team of Pearl. Elie, Bouman
and Monahan also qualiﬁed for the Na-
tionals.

Diver Jane Klotz turned in the outstanding
performance of the meet as she totaled
408.95 points on the boards. Klotz's effort
gains stature in light of the fact that she sur-
passed the National qualifying mark by 43

points. The previous record score was 366
points. Klotz will be the final member of the
team representing Albany at the Nationals.

The championship was a very competitive
battle up until the 200-yard breaststroke. The
team was leading Geneseo by 15 points going
into this race but Geneseo outscored Albany
by 47-7.

in the majority of the individual events
new school records were set but often these
times were not good enough for first or se-
cond. 1n the 500-yard freestyle Carol Pearl
finished fifth in a time of 5:38.01 and Nancy
Smith finished seventh in a personal best time
of 5:42.74. The loo-yard butterfly was a
good race for Elie, who has been one of the
team's top swimmers all year long, as she
finished fourth in a time of 1:05.41. Pearl
also finished third in the ZOO-yard individual
medley.

With the last meet of the regular season
behind him, Head Coach Joe Shore summed
up the Danes' performance saying, “1 think
this was the most improved team 1've coach-
ed. Admittedly, there was a letdown at
States, but everyone who swam had a per-
sonal best. We went from 10-5 last year to
14-1 this season, from seventh out of ten
teams to third out of ten at the SUNYACs. 1
would say that we have had a most successful
year." [1‘

 

International Film Group
' presents
Henry Fonda

THE GRAPES.
OF WRATH
THURS, M'AR. 1
7130 AND 10:00
$1 TAX CARD
SA Funded

_\

LC1

$1.50 W/OliT

 

 

142 Stat. 51., Albany. NY. 12207 0 (518) 465-8691 0 Free Parking

 

lll'lEIIES'I'ED Ill ISRAEL?

Blah DIFFEBEN‘I’ ESPEG‘PS
DISCUSSED HND DEBH‘I’ED
(COME TO H MEETINCG 01? ‘

 

25H FUNDED '

 

I‘l'Dl‘I‘l" FOR IIIAII.

Today arid every ‘Puasday nights
8:00 (at; 370

JSE-thlsKls

 

STUDENTS FOR-
ONDALE MEETING

* ‘k * if ‘k *
WEDNESDAY

*‘k‘k‘k‘k‘k

SA APPROVED

FEB"29'
SS 133
7:30pm

 

 

. TUESDAY. FEBRUARY28. I984 a ALBANY srunemmess  ' s" 23 '

heldon earns All-American honors at NCAAs'

‘ an

“zcug-rfpoegrglml
* Binghamlon
‘ Losi in the commotion surrounding the
my: Averill saga, was the All-American per-
2:iirrmttnce turned in by 118 pound freshman

Eshawn shcldon at the NCAA tournament at
i - ton.

 ﬁrst NCAA.to‘usnament, Sheldon
iﬁnishcd in sixth place " t “1 Pound Class'
4 ' 'gfor his fir: Al ....ciican honors.
“I mink shcidon pro -r’ '0 Division 111
mm Ms me man to watch, " said Head
Hunger Laura Staff commenting on the

 

GREGG STACKEL
Sheldon captured his first All-American
title at the NCAAs this weekend.

By Dean Chang

t’ttlrulthtl. .issu in ,v r

The rivalry between Albany and Union,
while not on the same scale as the Celtics-
76ers rivalry, has brought out some of the
most intense battles any sport here at Albany
has seen. The Albany State men's junior var—
sity basketball team‘s 51-49 victory over
Union Friday night would have made even
those NBA rivals proud.

"it’s always great witcn we win on their
court," said Albany Head Coach Jim
Roland. "Union is traditionally a big game
for us, so 1 guess we were ready tonight."

Despite holding a lO-point lead at several
junctttrcs of the game, the Danes were never
rtble to trike control. Every time Albany run
off a few points, the Dutchmen would
answer brick with their own baskets. With the
Danes tip by 11 early in the second half,
Union took a page from the Danes‘ book and
went offon rt scoring splurge. 1n the next five
mtntttcs, the Dutchmen outscored Albany
15-4 to tie the game tip at 43. Coach Bolrtttd
could have doiie rt few things all this point;
the most logical tiiovc would appear to have
bccnrt titiic out. With rt little over 12 niitttttcs
'0 Inlay. the last thing you would expect to see
would be ri delay grime. Trike ri guess wltrtt
the Danes did.

"Wejust missed it few shots and we really
“'mn'l Playing as well as we did lit the first
hall." said Boland. “1 know that if we ran
lite-stall, they wouldn't play mrin-to-mrtn
“ENDS! us. With that in mind, I knew we
“WM 801 ottr shots."

The stall was a printc example ofa strategic
mm" “W Paid off, but Union Head Coach
Bohi’elztuio wasn’t pleased with Boland‘s

     
Pméno Allmtav'e been on the court, stud
"’5 r - . rat s the way he wants to pltly.‘
inc Wllll me. Maybe that's his wrty oi
mm“. but it's not mine."
lollgﬁmcarcdlthat Roland‘s move was going
gmwllcarcr W ten p0tnl guard Duane Corley
minulc im at: five-second Violation Just one
omen" 0 t e stall. Union‘took advantage
[he gamcnozgr and took their second lead of
Waxy ho-ld 43. That basket put a tem-
mund use" ion the delay'game, .115 Albany
I“: In the n an unfamiliar potllon: lostng
the media Slime. Here 5 where you separate
mad or [:13 teams from the good teams. in-
me Danes h lIct‘tt; in front of the Union fans,
I e [cad Frc‘ their composure and regained
mm: a; bet’z‘c Storey notched two of his stx
pm Alba" us ets by Corley and John more
mm "‘3' 31’ by two. After another Union
X :m ttnes went back to the delay.
_ nutes lsan eternity in a basketball

Dane freshmrin's performance.

Sheldon’s performance, combined with
Averill's first place finish, enabled the Danes
to finish ninth place overall out of 70 schools
present, which was their second best finish in
Albany State history.

158 pound Jerry Clark and 177 pound San-
dy Adelstein also competed in the lournzt-
incnt. but both were eliminated without win-
mng u match.

Sheldon couldn’t have sinned off the tour-
nament, which began Friday, tiiorc
dominantly tltrtti he did. Seeded scvcnih, lie
was triumphant in his first two mttlclich by
pin.

The first victim was Nick l’osegriy ol‘
Augttstrinrt. Sheldon used ri ltiplock in pinn-
ing ltiiti with 15 sccontls left in the first
period.

Kevin Drcisscn ol' Minnesota-Morris wus
Sheldon’s next sricrificirtl l'dltil‘i, Up 9-2.
Sltcldott pinticd his man with six seconds left
in the second.

Sheldon's momentum was temporarily
hrtltcd when he was tip rigrtinst nttmbcr 2 seed
Stcvc (ilivrt of Augsburg. (ilivrt, u rctttrtting
All-Atticricrin, decisioned thc Albriny State

_ freshman 11-4 in it tigltt niritcit. Sheldon led

3-2 Lifter one period but was outscored 6-0 in
the second session.

in the wrcstlcback, Sheldon elinchcd tin
All-Atttcricrin spot when he wult/cd by Drtvc
Mason of Pomona Pit/.cr, 15-5.

His next opponent was rt familiar face,
number six seed Ed Morales of Brockport.
The two fought a war two weeks ago at the
SUNYACs with Sheldon coming up on top

grime, cspccirilly when onc team is playing it
dclrty gumc. Air rtggrcssivc dcfcnsc crin render
the best delay offense incl'fcctivc, but with
Corlcy. Storey and Curtis Oliver controlling
the brill. the Dunc slowdown was not to be
thwnrtcd. After three minutes of the waiting
game, the Danes got the Irty-ttp they were
waiting for. Off rt Rich Chapman puss, Gorc
hcrtd fitde his defender and dished thc brill
off to Storey for an easy two.

After at Union miss, Albritiy went brick to
thc dclrty. Corlcy got fouled, but missed thc
front cttd of u one-rind-onc. The Dutchmen
controlled the rchottttd and broke downcourt
tltrcc-on-two, Union got the basket to
deadlock the score, bttt mrtny thought tltcrc
would be rt charging l'oul catllcd. “He (the
Union plriycr) penetrated the middle and l
stepped over to help," srtid Scott Newman.
“The guy rntt right into tnc —- definitely rt
chrirgc.“ At least the referees were consis-
tent; if bodies went down, ‘dll thc more
reason not to call anything.

Albnny ttow hrid tltc brill with 1:45 left;
(‘orich litilttttti decided to hold the brill lot
one shot. ('oi'ley and company whittch the
clock down to 20 seconds ttlltl littlitlltl crillcd
time out. The play was set: Corlcy would kill
some time and tltcn puss tiic brill to Oliicr.
who would shoot if he were open. ('oricy
took tltc inbounds puss. drihblcd for 10
seconds. rind l'rikcd rt more to the inside.
Willi two Union dcfcndcrs watching him.
(‘orlcy ril'lcd rt pass to Olivcr in the corner.
Olivcr dribblcd the ball twice tttitl went tip for
the shot with it defender in his face. Swish.

The plrty didn't go off as crisin us it \vns
supposed to. Oliver rcccivcd lllt.‘ pass 22 feet
away from the brisket. He rilniost stepped
out-of-hounds. l-lc shouldn't have dribhlcd
thc brill. Maybe he shouldn‘t Inivc trtkcn the
20-footcr cithcr. l’lnycrs like ()iivcr tnrikc
"mnvbcs" obsolete.

“When Durinc passed me the brill, l was
confident of making tltc shot," sttid Oliver.
“The Union guy was all over the us soon zis I
touched tiic brill. 1 had to go tip hiin just to
get the shot off."

Oliver ltris cstriblishctl himsclf as the playcr
to go to in pressure situations, clutch
shooting is the name of his game. Against
Union, Oliver wris unstoppable. He scored 16
first-half points and leointsoverall. tt ltgure
llttti could have been higher had Albany not
gone to tire stnll. "it was one oi‘those
gnincs,” srtid Oliver. “1 hrtd rt lot oi open
shots, rind Conch (lioland) tells me to stick
those," Oliver has a tcnduucy to dribble the
bull hci'orc hc shoots; lioland has been work-
ing with him to shoot rigln off the pass. 1‘”-
driy's game was rt big step toward that end,

10-9.

On Friday, the match was almost identical
as Sheldon decisioned his SUNYAC rival 6-3.

But after that, Sheldon‘s surge into the top
four came to a screeching halt. Against
another SUNYAC rival, Binghamton's John
Lee, the Albany State fi'eshamn was deci-
sioned 6-2.

The two also had met in the SUNYACs
two weeks ago and Lee was victorious by one
point.

The loss put Sheldon in the semifinal eon-

the effects were evident as Sheldon seemed
weaker in the ﬁnal round. .

For Adelstein and Clark, the NCAA Teut-
nament wasn't as friendly to them as they
had envisioned.

Adelstein fell apart in his opening match
and was eliminated from the tournament by
Steve Goodall. He was trailing 18-4 until the
bout ended in a pin with 12:39 left in the
match.

Clark had the misfortune of wrestling

 

Kevin Dreissen of Minnesota-Morris was
Sheldon ’5 next sacrificial lamb. Up 9—2, the
Dane freshman pinned his man with six
seconds left in the second period.

 

solution for fifth and sixth place against
rctttrniiig All-American Rick Cutibcr.

Down 76 with 30 seconds rcmttining,
Sheldon httd ri good postion for rt trtkcduwn
htit (irnbct' recovered and scored at two-point
tcvcrsnl to icc tltc match, 9-6.

There was :1 bit of controversy in thc
inritch. With the score tied 3-3 in the second

period, (irubcr hrid control of Slicldon’s rtrnt ’

rind was twisting it brick for ottc minute in
\\'l1;tl appeared to be an illegal 1110\L‘. Albany
State Conch DcMco rii'gucd to no rtuiil, but

but ()livcr still has rt little further to go.

RIM SHOTS: The victory gave the Danes a
17-2 record... In addition to his 21 points,
I Oliver has six assists uttd six rehntinds...'1‘he

third sccd Scott lioustog in his opening
round tnritch. Clark kept it close, down 7-2,
before winding up on his brick with only 27
seconds remaining iii the match.

in the wrcstlchnck, Clark was rthcrid of
Mark Sands 7-2 when he got crtught in what

. he later tcrmcd “ajttnior high school move."

Sands tltctt pitincd hiin with 1:40 rctnrtittittg
in tire second quarter.

“I'm glad 1 crttitc ltcrc though." said
L‘lttrk. “These guys rtrc closer to me than 1
thought.“ ii]

fJV Danes edge rival Union in cliffhanger, 51 -49

Dunes' ucxt rind last game will be at home
against Hudson Valley Community College.
HVCC is this year‘s sub-Region 111 ,lunior
College champion; the Danes defeated
1 HVCC earlier this year. - 1:1

.1

 

Rich Chapman puts up a shot as three New Paltz Hawks look on In an earlier game
The JV Danes will be looking for their 18th win Wednesday.

ED MARUBNGN UPS

 

