   

   
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

tma‘mou swarms 'raoru wrsrcursrr
m: uoux mo new vontt ME

  

I AND ROCKLANDCOUNTIES,
TIOPOLITAN AREA!

- sruov THIS SUMMERAT
MERCYCOLLEGE

 

Make this stimnter count! Get

Yonkers and The Bronx.

More than 500 course offerings in the following areas:

Galoummg Education ed 7cntter ‘ y l
'0 DEV En ﬁsh .‘ ' . my interest ill the Mid East ant Jewist ctr Ittre in
Business Adminisudﬁon Hisgtory & Pomical before  break to Pa ! "t ‘wren theyﬁcaute to this counfry...tltere was sotttc graduate school research here itt the U.S. bel‘ore goirtt’.
Chemistry science . ﬁ 'L‘VI‘lr‘Hl‘" ;‘"‘l3"‘$ "‘ “‘0 “Him/“Hilly. rlltcy Mleortcd to the Mid liast. “I Itcard of tltis cottttnttrtity from
' ' . - , eacto tcrtn tusrues‘s." ai  it, v u; . _ -.-. .- I , ,, .. ,.. ,. » _ _ ___...-.-.-- ‘
Computer Information Mathematics Starting at 9.00 p.m., buses wrll run contrnuous/y dying m.- sari....ratsr.t19§a.”"” “ m W" “" "'h'lilic‘ﬁﬁﬁﬁ.T.§I.l.f.i{¥;....‘3:§l$33313... Then“...
Systems Pan-neg.“ Studies from  leC/e to the  Horn and back at a l” iiil‘ll'lt‘" l0 'l‘t‘ l‘U‘iliL‘S-ﬁ Its‘thllI‘k. ZUIIIICI' L‘UH- intensive study was bctwcctt l95li attd 1964. and since  
tended. strong lartttly ttcs prcvcuttttg tntcrtuarrragcs. as then I've begtttt to publish sor‘ttc tttaterials.“ said Zen-

Criminal Justice

Six and twelve week sessions. Day
June 4th and luly 16th. Registration

begins May .ZI, I984.

For tntormation about Summer Sessions at M

ahead or catch up on your
coursework. Take advantage of Mercy College’s flexible
scheduling, low cost ($I02.00 per credit) and six convenient
locatrons: Dobbs Ferry, I’eekskill, Yorktown, White Plains,

Psychology & Sociology

and evening classes begin
tor all summer sessions

ercy College, please

        
   
     
     
     
         
         
     
    

‘

unit. Matt

Proudly Presents

SlItIY '
\

\””"Ilr

\..
THURSDAY, April 12

It’s your last chance

   
 

 

charge of $1.00 per person.

 
 

23 oz.
Bar Drinks

l23 oz. Michelob or
Michelob Light

 

Syrian Jews maintain identity through
business networks, strong family ties

By Bette Dzamba

.\'I'.‘|I I" It‘ll/[Ml

Despite New York City‘s‘ reptttatott as the great '

melting pot. according to SUNYA Associate Professor
ot' Anthropology Walter leaner. the Syrian Jews have
beett able to retain their own separate iderttity. within
their community.

The Syrian Jews. chner asserted. Itave maintained
their cohesiveness. pritttarily throttgh business ties.

“At first they were pcddlers. later they opettcd
sltops selling linens and imports. Still later they began
to import int'arttware. electronics. attd lace from the
East. Today they Itavc retail stores irt tourist areas and
bargain stores. (‘raIy Iiddie is a Syrian .Iew." explain-

well as distinct neighborhoods itt Ilcttsouhtrrst. Ocean
Parkway. attd l)cal. Ncu‘ .it‘lse)’. ltavc been factors irt
IItc pt'csertatiott ol' tltc cultutc. “ The people lived irt
tltc saute ttcighlmrhood and worshipped at the saute
synagogues." e\p|airrcd lcrtrtct'.

lettucr is currently helping the community to
pt'escr‘tc its cttttttc by coutt iltutirur writings to the corti-
tututity's Sephadic Archivc. He will also be par-

trettd to look for roots. This community has maintain-
ed its roots. It's rtot a question of looking for roots.
bttt rather of preserving them. said Zenncr.

When thmer first begatt to study the eotntttttnity of
Syrian Jews Itc encountered some problems eomtnon
itt Urban rcscarclt. For example. he explained. an an-
tltropnlogist tttttst ol'ten cotntnttte to the community:
As a result. the study is ttot as intense. Connections
must be made by phone. the researchers cannot just
drop itt on people and thus "people cart keep things
from you." said Zenttcr.

chttcr first began studyittg the Syrian Jews as a
Columbia University graduate student in I958. “I
wanted to cotttbirrc rtty interest in Anthropology with

ner.

7.cnuer"s other research has included a comparison
of Syrians livirtg irt Israel to lllttsc living irt tltc lI.S. He
has also studied Arabs ll\ ittg itt Israel.

Next fall [cutter will be teaching t\\o courses at
SUNYA which will touch on the Syrian .leuish (‘ottt-
ttttrttity. ‘I ltcy ate "l’coplc artd ('ulturcs ot' the Middle
littst" and "Atttcricatt .lcyyislt ('orutttttuitics.“

t  ‘
ruasm Y. APRIL to. 1984 r: ALBANY smog/v17 mass

tion.

 

The next issue at the Albany Student [Praia will, . V
appear at your favorite quad or campus center two  ‘ "
weeks from Friday. on April 27. Have a great vac: 

“The ASP never sleeps!"

EARN 6 CREDITS IN

4 weeks
SUMMER SESSION I STARTS MAY 21

  

 

 

r

  
     
    
 

$40cll§iirt

 

TOP QUALITY EDUCATION

    

 

 

call Andrew (2. Nelson, Dean of Admissions at (UM) 0037600;

 

  

       

 

it Come early & be part l

t - 9 on to the next step (of selecting sot't- I ‘

l E   ware) they're hitting a brick wall students to chattgc the course oi tron that cotttpu'ters rnttst

: o    - ~ . .  ., , artd asking ‘What cart l do now?” those cvcrtts artd test \':tl’it):tslltistt)l’)' ::au|tomatc edu‘cattou !.I'illlllc;\4lllllt—lln s

l “l ' The college software problem theories on computer motes. ctttattcrttgtt. aceorttng o 5 av 

At" *4: a   stcttts mainly from a lack of cottt- In Iltc absence olustteh soltwarc. Pitt’s/If l r l I d MM" Rugggwo’rt’ogstmtggfémusr

l‘ . ' ' WWW"?- "  H  ~ v - "' w - however Iltilll’ co c 'cs are now “ tcn cotupu crs trs en ere ' * " ' I r , .

l' IIILIthl. oil the shell programs . ) ts ‘ _ I ‘ .

 *i    &  t T H for specific subjects attd disciplines. (ICWIOI’lng ngrﬂms ll‘CII‘SCIVC-‘i- 'h" “‘"l'" “l “ll'ca‘lmn "‘ “‘0 S'Kllcs- ’ l l \ i l

ll“ g l E R E 5 A B  l] A D W E LL-V [J t A L 5 officials my Experts at Brown University. for they had a vcrystmplc process: to

l l   * "‘ —- M Aside from mass—marketedword— exatttplc. are developing some automate teaching through" rotc FROM As *:;:v

44“: G 5 ll. DWlTrll TMAN' 5E processing programs. there Itas "very sophisticated graplttcs pro- drdl-and-practtce cxcrctscs. he LOW as... SMALL

i, V 5 I i M I KE 6E NE D I L Ml ‘Uflil CHT/BASS‘k DD C SCAN LON - VIHLAHMLP been a severe shortage of good pro- grants" that allow students to tuakc said. ' CARS

it .—  T' DRUMS ﬁ' “mp LAILD - GUI TAIL grams for the liberal arts attd even graphics models attd take fuller ad- Today. lllc “it-‘11 Should be to Installed ay

~ ~ ' - ‘ ' . - . - u . . ' . ' - ’ M

I l  h d d f  S the sciences they explatn. vantage ol computrng power. pttt the student tn control Instead sT'IIMd 'mLLED It

_V . . . . . , | . . pacllllltl PARTICIPATING

" f    t  a    I  ﬂ  ,442, ' PM A“ u-nw amour“ Orsonwarc is qunc Tucker sard. ot the rnachtnc. ' I DEALERS

 ' t  o I limilcd .. acknown-aged Joseph Likewise. University of Maryland To have such programs available memg

l ' ‘ s I s‘ u N u I

 i o Mueller, dean or educational researchers ﬁrst developed a pro- commercially. however. we need 0

El- l T S O O  development at Stevens Institute of gram which allows students tn to change the ways we negottate 

l;- ‘l   U I * . Technology. which broke new photo-optics classes to “build” op- Itcenstn’g for mass‘program' pur-  ﬁzzfgg‘zltrn-xr.

fr" 3 lie 3 Sam 8  A ‘ ground rust run by requiring an ticat systems on a eornptttcr rnstcad chases. said EDULOM s Wiley. V 491 cent I A 438-1 1 81

If I | ’75 entering freshmen to purchase per- M in a laboratory.. But even it'there wnsawidc range ra venue- - - - - - - . - . .

ti~    ' son-,1 commie” 15 may enrolled, “There is a need now for colleges of top quality software available to (Jun “’9” °' Pamldg" 5"990

I % - r ~ ‘ . ' .

.v.  1  ‘ Hm I  l N G 5  A ___, “Then-'5 a long way in go in the to develop software for thetr own eollcgcs rrght now. many couldn't A '"d‘VIdUIIIY Owl‘on Operated

' ' IlAé ""8 m Auxillurtt 52mins hangar“ H w developmcm 0f (lumpy Software," needs" rather than using the afford to purchase hundreds. m N” OUT.” 3° M'NUTESI“ MOSTCASES (H ‘
tht'ttttvltam [A M lumcmcd' “A I... of i, is Si.m in general. often low quality software perhaps thousands of copies of an .   L A A

available commercially. explained individual program, Wiley note-(ill Copyrtgmoteaa Molnaka

\- 11 ~
M .._._
W

 

 

 
 

 
 

or return the attached coupon.

r—————_———_—

 

 

 

I MERCY 8. ...._.,....  . . .  . .. . . . .
I  I I u Intiu IIIIIILlLlsl that thecoutmutt'ttyltastakeu llll used attd t'cttscd. What we call etltnrcrty ts part ol Nassau 5 reasonable prlces
I earrttug atou rs tcrrtagc rs part it a tutttonwitc this." said lcrtncr.
' 555 Broadway, Dobbs Ferry, New york 10522 I trend. Zcrttter ttotcd. “There is tttorc encouragement "What it mcarts to be Irish, Jewish, Iroquois. or Choose from hundreds 0' courses
I D [Squaw send me more information “bum Mercy Colwgelh Summer I  E   oll' L'tlIJlIlIl'itll illur'alistu. atl least on a sylltlltillf level. in Arab is rooted itt the past. For each group llIICI't.‘ is a   
055m" Cnurses. . t tc IIIIL‘( .‘tatcs. n I re cottttttttttity of t te Syrian unique history used in different ways today Iran 20. ~ _
I Nun I I Jews. people oftltc third and fotrrtlt gcneratiotts Itavca 50. or 2.000 years ago, l-Iaclt gtottp has a unique way sessltlm l May 21 June 15 5 days/4 weeks
| t l Ti-toplmno g ' desire to know about the past. This is part of a general ol'dcalirtg with this background." said Zcrtttcr. Sesston ll July 9'Aug- 9 4 daYS/S weeks
It Address , 471 Albany-Shaker Road CALLFORFREE I5161222-7355
I c“, Slaw Zip I bany N Y Spogootein.“ . SUM ER 88°C U_RE
. I ’ a - “on! da

I.______ 5°°oe°‘ o I O U U

______.._-____..____.t I‘ cu“ \

a“ - .

 
 

 

 

 

UNCLE? 
EASTER PARTY

 

 

The fun

keeps on

multiplying!

Thursday, April 19, 1984

 

"""-_"-"'"I

  
 
 
  

 
     
    

 

    
  
  

 

 

  

  
    

$1.00
9 - 12 pm.

$1.25
9 - 12 pm.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

459-6872 

 

 

  

 

Doc ﬂ

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ticipatittg in a conference on Jewish Iiolk (‘t'eativity at
the City University of New York on May III. N. and
IS.

thtttcr stressed that Anthropology is ttot just Iltc
study of the past. “r\Itllttopt)|ugy is also concerned
with trtodcrn society H how elements of tire past are

Get Credits Ahead for Fall
Make Up Missed Credits at

.4 4;. arc-r—

 

{COLLEGE mass SERVICE} As more and
more colleges rig their campuses
with personal computers —— some
now require all entering students to,
come equipped with their own
micros — administrators and cur-
riculum planners find themselves on
the threshold of a new dilemna:
the lack of sophisticated. quality
software to run the machines.

“Ninety-eight percent of the soft-
ware (on the market now) isjunk."
grumbled Seymour Papcrt at a re-
cent college convention in Chicago.

Papcrt is a math professor at the
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. and one of the
developers of the LOGO program
language.

“Generally. not nutch quality
higher edtrcation software has been
developed. attd what has doesn't
Itave many avenues of dissemina-
tion." agreed Kim Wiley. rcsettrclt

director with tltc I-ZI)UCOM ('oltt- Stiltlllhllwlh‘d “win “him “WWW! sruvvtsarvrruzn
pttlct' Literacy Project. a cottsor- should he used to ltelp students textbook publrshers. tor exatn- E HON“ MM" .2",
create models. synthesi/e inl‘or'ma- pic. are now jutttptng on the pro- “mum, 4.9.0,,"

tittttt of colleges studying the cartr-
pus cotttputcr revolution.

“A lot of schools Itavc started ac-
quiring computers and trairtittg
faculty to use them." she added.
“And now that they're ready to go

tltc ntodc of page-turning (merely

using the computer as an electronic

.textbood). which doesn‘t take ad-
vantage of the sophisticated ability

of computers."

Indeed, college experts now argue
that software should tnovc from the
traditional "flashcard" use of com-
puters to a new. higher level of soft-
ware which calls on students‘
abilities to synthesize and
hypothesize what they are learning.

“That 98 percent of the software
that Papcrt calls junk is basically
drill-and-praetice programs."
observed Mare Tucker. director of
the Project on Information
Technology and Education in
Washington. D.C.

Most software simply uses the
computer "like it was a 16
millimeter projector" to display in
formation rtud check studcttts‘
responses to qttestiotts. Tucker said.

“Inn at computer is a very

tion. artd create “What if?"
sccncrios. Ire asserted.

In a history course. for instance.
Tttckcr said rather than drillirtg
studcttts on tltc dates of historic
cvcnts. software should allow

Stevcns’ Mueller.
But not everyone believes there is

a dearth of quality. off-thc-shelb

software.

The idea that most software is
junk "was all right a couple of
years ago. but things have changed
a great deal in the last several
years." claimed Caroline Stauffcr
with Apple Computers' educational
division.

“Seymour Papert wants you to
look at LOGO" when Ite assaults
the quality of tnost educational
sortwarc on the market. she argued.

"Of cottrse. ottt of the 24.000
educational programs on tile
rttarket. some have to be ittferior.
But there are now top-ot'~the-Iinc
programs available that anyone
would be hard-pressed to label
junk." Staul't‘cr said.

Attd as the tttarkct grows. tttore
quality software will appear. she
attd other experts predict.

grammirtg bandwagon. while sottte
universities thctttselves are creating
spin-off companies to market soft-
ware they‘ve developed.

Still. the majority of education
software remains based on the tro-

  

 

 

   

SOME COURSES
IMPROVE SCORES —
WE IMPROVE

STUDENTS. 

IIIIIllI rm stttus
ro 30081

TEST PREPARATION SPECIALISTS SINCE 1930'

 

 

 
 

       

  

VIIIIII SEMI
PREPARE FOR:  . 

LIVE CLASSES
- TEST-N- IAPE' Lottwnv
- REINFORCEMENT TEST
- HOMESTUDY PACKET

VCLASSESSTAHTING

. Week of April 23

‘H curt Days. Eiantttni l Wuhridi
' EXECUTIVE 'mmr DRIVE

      
     
       
   
   

 

 

 
  

 

 
    
    
 
 

   
  

   
  

 

 

 

 

