 

   

The Dresser is a new motiort pictu'fe
_ which dates to show the smudges on
its actors faces. and removes tlte
shroud of pomp artd circumstance surroun‘
cling tlte staging of a dramatic theater pro-
ductiort to reveal the trials and tribulations
that must be overwrite before. durittg. arttl
alter the overture commences and the cur-
tairt goes up.

Ian Spelling ‘V

The actiort at the core of The Dresser
revolves mound the master-servant telatiort<
ship of Sir. the leader-star of a British
Shakespearean touring company. and Norv
nran. his effeminite and loyal dresser

With war-torn Britain as the backdrop.
The Dresser follows Sir and Norman to their
latest show. King Lear Sir. about to perform
the show for the 227th tirne._feels clesport»

.dent. Becoming repulsed by ltis chosen
craft. lte says "The load is too great, I have
‘ittllillig more to give "

indeed. the load rs too great. l'lis acting
omparty is replete with misfits and thitlil-l‘t‘
actors. including Edward Fox (late of Never
Say Never Again) as a realous invalid who
makes Sir paranoid But worst of all. Sir's
beloved England is caving rrt around him.
the theater irt which he tirade hts debut as a
youth was destroyed durtng a German air
raid. ‘ '

And he is getting old After being scolded
by Normart for puttirtg tilt the incorrect
makeup for the night's show Sir recalls that
there "used to be a time when I painted irt all
the (age) lines. Now I iust deepen what is
already there."

Following a negligible opening. Sir's perA
formancenol Lear. "the ultintate test of an ac-
tor." is considered a musing success. lrt his
dressing room alter tlte show. Sir. now clear-
headed and propltetic. realizes that a pas-
sionate love of the theater such as his ntay
have taken an Irretrievable toll: his sanity. “i
saw art old man and the old man was me."
he cries like a baby to the motheriy Norman.

The remainder of The Dresser focuses on
the fate of the love-hate relationship between
Sir and Norman.

Leaving

h. how we danced on the night we were
graduated. Think about It. At last we
were about to escape that wretched life

of breast-fed values. insufferable parents. and
a decidedly "Uncool" hometown.

 

 

Joe Fusco

We would live! We would drink to excess
arid go on to become Sophisticated. We
would Evolve. and. of course. our intellectual-
ness would lead us to Great Jobs and Big
Money.

Take that. Teen Burger Hamlet!

Take that. ass-backwards Mom and Dad!

Take that. you teasing little brats irt
Homeroom 210!

Yes sir. this required no measure greater
than dispensing urtiversity applications irt
every far-flung direction. regardless of
latitude. and. while we were at it. longitude.
We would rise as fast artd go as far as we could
and. if our hometown was any indicator.
quality would be in direct proportion to
distance.

We'd show them the error of their ways.

lrocketed myself halfway across the country
in my freshmart year. to a destination far
enough to require six hours on a bus and two
hours on a plane. involving three airports.
was so proud of myself.

i had left.

i guess the unacknowledged ambition is to
become so sophisticated. so successful. so in
demand at cocktail parties. so Ianrous even.
that our old friends will read about us In the
papers. follow our careers. and marvel.

Look at me. Just another kid with a dream?

Ha! ‘_

it's an interesting contradiction: the Idea Is
not to escape. or to totally disappear. but to
defiantly make Ourselves more visible,

i'll show them.

We leave. but deep down we're mailing
back a pair of binoculars.

 

AS  ‘arti Dress

 

 

 

Rarely ltas such a litre. honest flint about
acting found a home on the marquees of
American movie theaters. The Dresser cap-
tures two men in love with acting: one who
cart act. and one who cart make sure the
former does so. This film portrays the men as
they are: insecure without each other or the

' art which bittds them.

As a ‘drama. The Dresser can stand proud-
ly on Its own. but it works best as a forum for
ttvo superb actors to earn their well deserved
Oscar nominations,Under the polished
direction of Peter Yates (Brillit. For I’vtv's
Suite. and Breaking Away) the pair is allow-
ed to shine briglttly.

Tom Courtenay is Norman. and as the Ii-
tle would suggest. the film really belongs to
him. Courtenay understands this and uses
his Broadway experience (he originated the
role irt England) to furtlter the emotional
depth of the character Norman hides
behind the small. protected world of the
theater rather than face what lies just beyond
the foyer doors. He takes equal pride irt a
good performance Evert though he receives

atone of tlte glory. Norman would have it no

other way. and only asks Sir's acknowledge-
ment to return for ltis services

Despite Courtenay's occasmttal lapses irtto
overvacting and plain silliness. his perfor-
mance remains a winner as he shows Nor-
man to be a caring hut oversertsitive man.

Not to be outdone is Albert Finney as Sir
Finney is a chameleon of art actor. who can
assimilate into any role His previous por-
trayals include Tom Jones the tormented
father irt Shoot the Moon (art Oscar nomina-
tion). artd even "Daddy Warbucks" itt An-
nie. l-‘inrtey may now proudly add Sir to that
impressive resume of characters played.

lrt Finney's capable hands. Sir resolves to
become the ultimate actor. no matter what
the consequences. He is not. however.
without humor. When asked if he dislikes
critics Sir responds with the candor that the
viewer has ‘grown accustomed to: “How can
you hate the crippled and mentally
deficient?"

in addition. Finney owns several of the

Watch my speed.
Eat my dust.

We do change. and having an education is
a chance for us to change our attitudes.
perhaps discard what many of us seem to con-
sider those hopelessly horrid middle-class
values. It's a chance for us to grow. to
associate with people who feel the problems
that we feel. and are experiencing the pro-
blems that we are experiencing.

People get left behind.

Family.

Friends.

Hometowns.

We may enjoy or look forward to this. Often
we will think that there is great pleasure in de
fyittg our backgrounds. We will laugh at the st)-
ly innocence of our past. and the people and
institutions irt it. We may resent being remind-
ed of who we once were. of the cltaracter of
our possibly humble or. as is so often thought
by pre~co|legians. banal origins.

What a pleasure it will be to show them the
error of their ways!

Don't they know progress when they see it?

Look at me. Just another kid with a dream?

Ha!

it may be (and this Is worth considering) that
the Hometown actually doesn't care. i have a
hometown. and i believe that. in the first twen-
ty years of my life. ttearly the only reason I'm
known in it is because my fairly prominent
father lives there. .Who am i? Joseph Fusco's
sort.

The community is one of those very stable
and unchanging ones. Progress rears its ugly
little head only when everyone is looking the
other way. ’

Life in the Off Ramp.

As a result. m'y Hometown endures irt a
consistent manner. and has art open invitatiort
to all Its sorts and daughters to come home.

if they want'to. .

'Those that don't don't count.

Whose approval could i hope to win? Those

er 

 

 

' Perspective.

, .
«ii? i. .
most intriguing and memorable scenes in
The Dresser. The best example of this would
be the scene irt which Sir races for the train
station. with company in tow. to catch the
train to their next location. Norman runs
' ahead of the entourage to beg the conductor
to wait for the others and Is told that the train
will wait for no one. it will leave on schedule.
Norman stands dumbfounded as the train
begins to pull away. Sir realizes wltat is hap-

 

Ourselves Behind

   
     
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  

FEBRUARY 24, I984

 

. i" f

pening. stops dead in his tracks.,raises his
cane to the sky. and deeply bellows
“stop..tltat...train!“ Of course. the train
obeys the direct order.

Finney is also allowed to show his stage
acting .prowess. Several scenes of Sir
brilliantly performing Lear are interjected in-
to the backstage drama that The Dresser
is.

 

 

people who. by virtue of the closeness of the
relationship we share. I never left? Probably.
Interestingly enough. though. [find i still need
to strive for the approval of my father. my link
to and reason for being In that community.

He is highly successful right where be Is.

And l'd better have a damned good reason
for having left.

Do we really leave? it's my guess that.
spiritually. we don't. We all have a past and
we all come from somewhere. i am unaware
of someone who creates himself anew each

 

morning.

'ﬂiﬂlﬁ‘l\\\M‘b‘
WHEN,”

We owe something to our past. [f we find
our past. our hometown. or our friends
hopelessly irreconcilable with our new
outlooks or values or careers. we should be
sports about it. l'm sure that the New artd Im-
proved Us possesses the character and abilities
to positively affect the world around us.

Make It a better world for yourself and those
you've left. Don't be so indifferent or resentful
that the past you possess winds up Indifferent
to you and. tragically. cuts you off.

Look at us. Just more kids with dreams?

You bet. i l

  

 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 

I

  
 

BRUARY 24,, 1934

 

hen the Eurythmics released their
American debut album Sweet Dreams
(Are Made of This). which contained
number one single of the same name.
- took along. firm stand on the record
rts. they created a tough act to follow.
tit/evenwlth their new album. Touch. all
Icatlons are that they have met the
ilenge competently.

s e Romano

hough'the duo of Annie Lennox artd
e Stewart are classified as synth-pop.
r music has much more substance and
2 than most other bands In that genre.

energy that came out of the punk move-
t. the sweetness from soul music. and
alienation of European synthetic
, hanlcal rythms and blend It together into
. thmics music.
he main factor in separating this group
the rest is the voice of Annie Lennox.
aps the best female vocalist in her
.(though the fact that Dave Stewart has
ved into an instrumental mastercraft»
n certainly doesn't hurt). While at times
sounds rather casual and neutral for the
t part Lertnox has a provocativeness in
voice that helps put some emotion and
t ication into the music. which Is quite a
rast to the general blandness of most
‘ ironic songs. Lennox also has a striking
' al presence. as Eurythmlcs' videos have
onstrated. Though she is a very
. tlful woman she chooses to maintain an
rogynous appearance.
nnox is a native of Aberdeen. Scotland.
received three years of formal training In
0. harpsichord. and flute at the Royal
demy of Music in London before
eloping Into her own persona. Dave
1 art ran away from his home in
hd‘erland. England to pursue his, ever-
ging obsessions with medieval music.
folk and funk. They met when a friend
'Lennox's brought Stewart into a
durant where she was waltresslng.
n _1977. Lennox and Stewart joined
itsbngwriter/guitartst Peet Coombes to form
he Tourists. a Byrds-influenced group in
Ich their talents weren't fttlly represented.

hat's that big red sculpture outside the
Fine Arts building? This question ltas
' become familiar to many SUNYA
nts since the arrival of the new
ture. which brings color attd intrigue to
rey dreary feeling of an Albany winter.

rbara Hurywitz

. st past the sculpture lies the Art Gallery.
ntly filled with works by Fairficld Porter.
rt Motherwell. Enid Blechman. and
Grindle. The artworks are all contem-
ry. varying In technique artd style. and
nting four very different creative ex~
ions.

 _ rter's works consist of some lithographs
ity streets. oceanic views. artd apple
oms. all painted between 1969 and
5. While all of Porter’s work is abstract.
’viewer is able to grasp the scene being
icted. as he paints in a subtle. yet less
terious way titan his contemporaries.
er uses light colors. bringing to life the
. . pleasurable feelings associated with the
‘ 5 along a seashore. or a blossoming spr-
day.

cluded irt Porter's works is a lithograph
tied "Suit and Sea." Porter was influenc»
v- many summers spent on an island off
.’ coast of Maine. and "Sun and Sea"
fies his particular style as art abstract ar-

lso on display Irt the gallery is part of a
es entitled. "Lyric Suite." painted by a
' or American abstract expressionist.
ert Motherweil. These 23 productions
layed are a sample of the 600 works
ich were completed in six weeks. They
all small abstract “ink blots" of one or two
rs. painted with a watercolor bruslt on
ite rice paper. Each palntirtg was producA
In seconds and Was Influenced by the

e. Eurythm

s Lennox. "We've tried to take some of -

 

 

The group had some success in England. but
made mild chart impact In the US. with a
cover of Dusty Springfield's “l Only Wanna
Be With You." The day the group broke up.
Lennox and Stewart went back to their hotel
artd started writing the first traks of what was
to become Eurythmics' music. In 1980. they
went to Germany to record In the Garden.
the Eurythmtcs' first album. which was
critically lauded. but never released in the
States.

Sweet Dreams {Are Made of This). their
second album. helped break the Ice. topping
charts all aroundthe world. The album.
which was recorded for the most part In an
8-track studio. must be the cheapest-
produced album to ever hit the Top 40: It
cost the equivalent of $700. Lennox and
Stewart now own a 16th century London
church which houses their own 24-track
studio as well as dance and animation
studios.

Their third album. Touch (which was
released in the U.K. a few months back). is

.their best so far. and should be another

Surrealist artists' notion of discovering art at
a level below consciousness. V

As one views this series it becomes ap—
parent that individual interpretation is essen-
tial. since Motiterwell extends front the
French Syrnbolist poet. Mallarme. believing
that the effect a painting produces is more
important than the actual painting process
itself. Perhaps Rorschach. the famous
psychologist. would consider analyzing
Motherwell's "ink blots" to discover the
themes submerged in his Subconscious.

Upstairs in the gallery are the displays of
Enid Blechman and Allen Grindle. both re-
cent Albany State graduates. lt would be Im-
possible to miss the collection by Blechman.
as the colors of her works are vibrant and
plentiful. and are mostly on large canvases.
One could spend hours studying one of her
paintings and still leave with as muclt uncer-
tainty and intrigue as i did. for she paints
with great detail.

With titles like “Medical Mystery Series."
“Drop Your Pants. the Doctor Will See You
Now." and "Full Moon Over the ER."
(Emergency Room. in my book of
anagrams). Blechman 'is obviously ntaking
statements about the medical field. Each
painting is set like a stage. has lights beaming
down. colorful knives. stairs leading
nowhere. operating beds. and even beach
umbrellas.

Confused? You're not alone. it would be
interesting to meet with Blechman to find out
what's behind all this mystery.

Allen Grindle also paints in an abstract

form. yet with more identifiable symbolism

than Motherwell and Blechman. Grindle
uses oil on large canvases each of which is
cut into a differer' geometric shape. He in-
tertwines the sitt.‘ of the canvas and the
subject matter being painted. thus presenting
an interesting perspective to the painting.

 

sauna nirvana M

ic’sFine Touch

 

 

ASPECTS 7'-

 

  

chartbuster. The two collaborate on all their
songs. with Lennox editing his‘ music. and
Stewart editing lter lyrics. David A. Stewart
is also credited with producing this album.
He also plays guitars. keyboards.
dulctrner. xylopltone. drums. synthesizer
sequencers. and even throws In some back-
irtg vocals throughout the LP. Aside from
providing intense lead vocals and sensual
backing vocals. Annie also plays keyboards
and flute.

To enhance the music of Touch. the
Eurythntics use a few studio musicians in-
cluding bassist Dean Garcia. Martin Dobson
on baritone sax. and Dick Cuthell. of
Specials' and Special A.K.A. fame. on
horns. While on tour. they bring along an
eight-piece band to make the sound more
alive and personal.

The album starts off with one of the two
singles spawned from this effort. "Here
Comes the Rain Again." This is easily the
catchiest song on the LP. and a good bet to
go as far on the charts as “Sweet Dreams"
did. There is a great interplay of Lennox's

t

lead and backing vocals. as-she croons her
hopelessly romantic lyrics that will no doubt
be sung by housewives. corporate heads.
‘and little kids alike in weeks to come.
Michael Kayman and the, British Philhar-
monic Orchestra provide the dreamy strings.
You lust can't help but love this song.
“Right By Your Side" is the other single
released and It is also a potential hit. it has
the second hit potential that “Love is a
Stranger" fulfilled. Dave Stewart put
together sort of a crazy. mixed-up tune with
seemingly random synthesizer tracks.
.whistles. and wild chants. but he must have
'had the right formula. because the result is a
lsong that has been on the top of the U.K.
record and club charts for weeks. Once
again Lennox sings some pretty corny love
verses. but provides rich. soulful vocals to
:give the cut some feel.‘ Stewart adds a

(Spanish ﬂavor guitar accent. and Cuthell,

and Dobson provide the brass.

The rest of the album is chock full of
diverse. interesting. and enjoyable sortgs.
"Cool Blue" is an upbeat. funky dance
number featuring solid basswork by Garcia.
‘Wlthlt could turn up on club dartce floors In
the near future. “Who's That Girl?" is the
sleeper on the LP. it's a slow-paced. emo-
tional tune which is pretty and catchy. artd
eventually picks up into a moderate dance
song. it's the type of song that can really
grow on you. Other strong cuts include the
:slower. funky “Aqua” with its soft. at times
whispering. vocals by Lennox. and solid
bassline by Garcia. and "First Cut". a good
synth-pop tune which changes speeds nice-
ly. ltas a catchy lead. good subtle use of
guitar. and emotionally charged lyrics. On
"No Fear. No Hate. No Pain. (No Broken
Hearts)". Lennox puts out her all. as she
belts out a slow soul number which would do
Aretha Franklin proud.

Overall. Touch Is an extremely strong
creative effort by the Eurythmics. They've
taken a very st'rccessful sound one step fur-
'her. as they increased their diversity and

 

depth and utter emotion to a new height.
"The more you experiment. the more you
discover." philosophlzes Lennox. “And you
rust don't stop. Creativity is an ongoing pro-
cess." Let's hope so. because the best could
be yet to come. i

UNYA’S’ Undiscmi‘e’red .. ‘

 

 

 

 

 

Most of Grindle‘s works are painted with
brown. deep red. artd black. while some
have fierce reds and oranges which lend

. energy to the dismal feeling of the darker col-

ors. One work. "Swimmers." depicts a man
and woman in an ocean. taking on the
shapes ‘of the waves. The figure on the bot-
tom is painted in an unnatural state; he
seems to be drowning.

Grindle's other themes Included storms.
fire. and death. His talent did not stand out
In any way. for the only thing at all Im-
pressive Was the way he made the flames in
‘Tornado" look as if they were flying out of a

'window. i doubt this will win him any great
marks in art history books. though.

Overall. the exhibit ls worthwhile to visit.
and offers works for a variety of tastes in cort-
temporary art. Whether you prefer to View
simplistic scenes. analyze “ink blots." or
figure out the mystery behind someone's
paintbrush. the Art Gallery has it all. Stop in
to the Fine Arts building; perhaps on the way
out you'll even take notice of the lonely red
sculpture standing outside. instead of Just
passing it by as you re-enter the concrete
reality of SUNY Albany.

'JI

 

