 

 

 

 

,—

     
  
     
    
   
    
   
   
   
 

      

    
   
  
  

  
    
   
     
  

  

     

 
 
 
 
 

    

 

  
 
 

  

    
    

   
 
  
   
  
    

   

 

team this season.

Tom Schmltz II one of live sopho

  
 
     

UPS
mores that will lead the tennis

 

By Perry Tischler
SDI/F il‘RlI'IiR

The signs of spring are in the air
and that means many different
things to the avid sportsman. It
could be the crack of the bat for
the men of the diamond. It could
be the sound of feet pounding
down the tar in preparation for
the track. It could even be the
sight of spiraling balls. hard
tackles. and magnificent end zone
catches if you can believe that
football was made for the spring.
For thirteen girls and coach Mari
Wartner. spring means the start of
a new tennis season and more
challenges for the 1984 edition of
the Albany State women's tennis
team.

Rookie coach Mari Warner
returns with her fall squad of
seasoned netwomen that went 5-5
and placed eighth in the State
Championships last year itt a very
impressive showing. This spring,
live frcsitttten join the veteran
eight to give Albany a team of
thirteen that spell out strength and
depth. Anchoring the squad are
the senior duo of Mindy Iiartstein
and .Ioan Phillips.

Hartstein and Phillips played
first attd second singles. respec-
tively, and teamed to be Albany's
nttmber one dottbles duo. The
strength continues with third and

 

fourth singles Lauren isaacs and
Helene Ttshler. This senior-junior
tandem also worked effectively as

Rookie coach Warner
leads women netters

Coach Warner's mttnbcr two
doubles cotttbo. Following up are
tlte tltird doubles pair of junior
l-Illcn Yun attd sophomore Janet
Snow. The younger dtto also serv-
ed time at fifth and sixth singles
interchangeably. Shoring up the
squad are sophomores Nancy
Forbes ttnd Nina Chctmg. Forbes
can spot duty as tlte number six
singles and lltird doubles and
Cheung was also available l'ot
tltird doubles action.

The relief corps for Coach
Warner comes in the forth of five
freshmen headed by Lisa Valins
and (ieri Chiodo. These two look
strong and should be heard front
if not this season. then in seasons
to come. Singles Chris ('assaro
also looks to he a good find for

the future. The most interesting

addition to the squad is the sister
dotthlcs combination of Kim and
Robin Schultz. Their experience
working together should really be
an asset to the team.

If Coach Warner has a good
squad, it's just what the schedule
ordered. “We really have to play a
lot of tottgh teams attd I hope we
can achieve a .500 record." said
tlte cautious Coach Warner.

This season.- tottgh comes in the
form of Skidmore. Vassar. West
Point and St. Johtts. These four
perennial powers have beaten
Albany in the past and show no
signs of making it any easier this

10>

 

 

ay ‘

By Dean Chang

.-IS.\'O(‘I.4 Tl" XIV)” TN En! "If!

season.

qualifying.

make the Nationals.

there is one jttnior. one

record.

spring.

in their first match.

“Rob is just starting to round into form," said
Lewis. “He will play against Skidmore. but I'm not
sure where. When he recovers. he‘ll get a good shot at
being number two. Hopefully. we'll know by next

week."

Playing fourth and fifth singles will be sophomores
Grossman and Jay Eisenberg. respectively. Grossman

After winning their fifth straight SUNYAC title in
the fall. theAIhany State men's tennis team have good
reason to be confident about the upcoming spring fall.

There are no regular-season tournaments for the
team to compete in. just a slate full of dual matches.
The only thing that they can shoot for is the Nationals.
a goal well within reach for a few players. but

Co-captain Dave Ulrich has the best chance to make
the Nationals, both in ‘singles and in doubles. Along
with his doubles partner David Grossman. the tandem
was ranked t-Sth in the latest National Division. III
poll. 32 doubles teams make the post-season tourna-
ment. so the duo shouldn't have too much trouble

“If we do okay this season. we‘ll make it." said
Ulrich. “We don't even need to have a great year." _
Ulrich was 11-3 last fall and was the SUNYAC
champion for the third consecutive year. Despite those
impressive nttmbcrs. Ulrich isn't exactly a sure bet to

“I'm goittg to have to play pretty well for tne to
qualify." said Ulrich. "If I beat all the Division III
players and I manage to pull a few upsets over sotnc of
the Division I players. I should make it."

Ulrich is one of only two seniors on the squad. the
other being co-captain Rob Karen. Of the nine players.
freshman attd five
sophomores. Tom Schmitz is one of the five
sophomores. bttt you wouldn't know it front his

Schmitz had a 9-3 record in the fall and was the most
improved player frotn last year. according to Head
Coach Robert Lewis. “Tom was our sixth or seventh
player last year." said Lewis. “He’s made a big im-
provement. Right now. I'd say that his game is pretty
good." Scltmitz will be playing second singles in the

Playing third singles will be Karen. who has been the
SUNYAC champion four straight years. Karen suf-
fered an injury to his finger and wasn't expected to
contribute early in the season. To cveryonc‘s surprise,
he will be ready on Saturday when they play Skidmore

Albany ‘netmen look to continue winning ways

was 10-3 in the fall. and has an impressive 24-6 career
record at Albany. Eisenberg was 9-4 last season and

Itas a career record of 13-4. The sixth sittglcs‘positiott
will be filled by jttttior Mark Sanders. who was 5-2 last

In the doubles department. the Uit‘ielthrosstttatt

against

pair will be leading the way. Right bchittd them will be
Schmitz and Karen. a solid team itt their own rights.
The third doubles team has not been decided upon yet.
Skidmorc.
sophomttrmikc Dertttansky will t'ill the role. The re-
maining players on the team are sophomore Mitchell
Gerber and freshman David Sabler.

As. a team. the Danes are not expected to be one of
the eight teams selected to the Natiottals. “Our
chances as a team are not good." said Lewis. “There

Eiscnbcrg attd fellow

are some excellent teams down south and in (‘ulil'otu

nia." The teams are picked based on their record and
on the strength of their schedules.

The team will play 14 matches. a far cry front tltc
measly six matches Albany played iii the fall. Division
I schools Cornell and Colgate will offer the toughest

competition of the year; the Danes went \sittless

against both teams utttil last spring. when Colgate
went down for the first titne. “We felt a g.eut sense of
pride when we beat Colgate." said Lewis. “We want
to be as competitive as we can against good schools.“

The players are not locked into the rules they are oc-
cttpying at this poittt of the season. Tcatn members catt
move up or down based on past pcrfot'mattccs or on
“challenge matches." Coach Lewis ltas these matches
about two or three titnes ‘a season. an insufficient

figttrc in his eyes. “We don‘t have tltetn as oftctt as we

would like.“ said Lewis. II‘Our scltedttlc is very heavy
arid the weather takes away wltat extra time we have."

Challenge tnatcltcs give the players incentive to'im-
prove and to give their best efforts. A bad side effect is
that these matches might promote discord witltitt the
team, something that Lewis doesn't overlook. “Maybe

it's better that we only have a few cltallcngc matches."

best positions."

said Lewis. “Even if a guy gets beat in one of these
matches. 1'" give hint another match as soon as'possi-
ble to see if he had an off day. But I do that because I
want to make sure I have the best players playing at the

l

Lewis didn’t coach last fall due to a back operation;

Jim Serbalik coached in his place. According to Lewis.
the change helped the team. “I think it was good that
the players got to look at a different type of coach.“
said Lewis. “It's more of a plus than anything else.

‘ Jim tried to do things that I did but he was also in-

novative. He’s given me sotne ideas that We incor-

18>

Danes on, the road to respect

By Keith Marder
SPURTSEDITDR

The slogan for the 1983-1984
Albany State varsity baseball team
is “The road to respect”. The
Danes are apparently on that road
as University President Vincent
O'Leary is throwing out the
ceremonial ﬁrst ball in the team’s
home opener against Hartwick.
which is scheduled for this Monday

 

Couatcav or ED ZALOOII
All-SUNYAC Co-Captaln Bob
‘ Conklln. ’

 
   

on University Field at 3:00 pm.
“We are all very excited about
him throwing in the first ball."said

Albany Head Coach Ed Zatoom.~

“We are very grateful that the
President would take valuable time
out of his schedule to support us."

“I think my arm is in good shape
and I am planning to throw,"joked
the president concerning his pit-
ching appearance.

However, they have not received
respect from Mother Nature as
yesterday's snowfall has made the
date of the first game a question
mark.

The Department of Physical
Plant has done everything possible
to have the ﬁrst game go on as
scheduled. Earlier in the week they
put down a tarpaulin to protect the
inﬁeld from rain.

“Had it just been a light rain like
we were hoping beyond hope. the
tarp would have helped." said
Director of Physical Plant Dennis
Stevens. “But if we have six to eight
inches of snow like they are predic-
ting that would delay us a minimum
of a week.”

Before the show began to fall,
Stevens and his crew were busy get-
ting the field'into playing shape. An
addition to this year’s baseball
facility will be the scoreboard. The

scoreboard has just been collecting
dust since it was purchased by the
athletic department.

Stevens said the reason that the
scoreboard was never utilized was
due to a lack of power supply out
by the fields. He has provided the
necessary power with a generator
system. He also is planning for the
scoreboard to be portable so it can
service the women's softball team
as well.

Stevens said that the players on
the team have donated their services
to help his crew out in getting the
field in playing shape. It is this type
of attitude that Zaloom believes will
carry his team to a successful
season. “We haven't had the
benefit of a scrimmage or a
Southern trip and that has me wor-
ried. But all of the players have
been working hard and that will be
a decent base for good things," said
the rookie coach. ‘

The main reason that he is wor-
ricd about the lack ofa prep game is
that the team is a very young
grouplt‘ you glance down the
team's roster you will notice that
out of the 23 names there are nine
freshmen. six sophomores. five
juniors and only three players with
senior status. . r

18> ‘

 

   
 

  

 

 
 
    

  

 
   
  

    
 

    
  
  

    
   
 

   
  
  

   
    
 

  
    
          
     
      
           
      
       
       
     
     
     
     
      
     
        
        
        
     
    
     
      
    
        
        
        
   
           
      

 

VOLUMELXXI

 

 

Tuesday

April 3, 1984

  
   

 

 

dNUMBERIE

 

 

Democratch Praeldonttat hopeful Gary Hart

 

“Educalion is the number one. domestic concern. "

Speaker’s Forum budget frozen
SA execs charge group ’5 leaders with abuse-of funds

By Jon Wlllmott
XII-Ill“ II'RI'I‘IER

Citing ntistnanagcment and flagrant
breaches of policy. Student Associatiott (SA)
Controller Adattt Barsky recently placed a
freeze on the Speaker's Forttm bttdget.

Mcattwltile. elections were held Monday
night for chairperson. vice chairperson.
treasurer amt secretary but results were not
released because of a discrepcncy itt the
group's constitution concerning the voting
rigltts of the present chairperson. Fanny
Trataros.

Two weeks ago, chairperson Michele
Schwartz resigned after receiving her fttll sti-
pend of $120. She returned half of the
amount after Barsky requested Itcr to do 50,
said SA Director of Student Programming
Rich Goloubow.

The group’s budget was first frozen after
the “disastcrous” David Brenner show dur-
ing parent's weekend in October, said Bar-
sky. Following that freeze an agreement in
writing was tnade that any expenditures. in-
cluding dinners and hotel arrangements for
the speakers. were to be pre-arrangcd.

Golubow attributed most of Speaker's
Forum's problems to mismanagement on the
part of Schwartz and the group's treasurer.
Ricky Feldman.

According to Barsky. Feldman attempted
to receive $103 from SA for a car accident in
the Thruway House parking lot.

Feldman said be consulted SA attorney
Mark Mishler and an unnamed SA executive
who said he should file for reimbursement
because he was at the Thruway House on
Speaker's Forum business and therefore he
was covered through SA's insurance.
However. Feldman said he filed a voucher in-

stead of going through tltc insurance com-
patty because he did not want his own com-
pany to find out about the accident.

Prior to the recent Dorothy Lyman show.
I-‘cldman and Schwartz aceotttpanied Lyman
to dinner at Ocean's 11 ringing up a $120 bill.

Golubow said it was cottttnon policy to
take the speakers out to dinner before shows
bttt in this case. the cost was excessive attd the
diners would not. be fully refunded.

“They considered SA their own expense
account." said Barsky.

He also said that Speaker's Forum placed
several Lyman show advertisements in the
ASP at a total cost of $150 without first ob-
taining a voucher from SA. The group, Bar-
sky said. had been placing ads all year
without vouchers and didn’t consider it part
of the agreement.

Feldman agreed that they were wrong for
not pro-arranging the dinner with SA and
said it would not happen again. Schwartz
defended the cost saying. “We treat our
guests right." Treating the speakers right
makes for better relations with agents who
Speaker's Forum contacts for performers.
maintained Schwartz.

Speaker’s Forum member Shari Goldberg
and events coordinator Cindy Steiner also
said it was only those two (Feldman and
Schwartz) who accompanied the speakers to
dinners and other members were not given
the opportunity to partake in these dinners.

Feldman and Schwartz insisted that they
repeatedly gave members the opportunity to
go out to dinner with the speakers but there
was never a response.

Steiner. who ran against Feldman for the
chairperson position Monday. charged

 

 

:' Hart pledgessupport for education

By Rick Swanson
spuri- It'll/[ER

Democratic hopeful Gary Hart promised
Monday that if the people of New York sup-
ported him itt Tuesday's primary. his ttew
ideas would replace “tlte backward policies
of other Democrats."

Speaking at a rally on the back steps of the
capital here in Albatty. Hart said that his
catnpaign. ttnlikc those of the other can.
didates. offered a "new vision of leadership"
that would forge the United States into a pro-
ttd nation.

Hurt told tltc crowd of about 300 that lie
wants to "restore a sense of purpose itt tltc
United States that Itas been lost for twenty
years." since John F. Kennedy's presidency.

llart hcgatt his speech by appealing to the
people of Albany for tltcir vote. "1 ttccd your
help." said Hart. "For all of you who cattttot
stand four tttorc years of Reganontics for the
rich. I ttecd your help."

Pnitttittg out how ltcdiffcrs front President
Rottald Reagan itt foreign policy. llart
t scrted that lie wottld withdraw U.S.
tttilitary forces frottt Central Attterica. an
area Ite described as a "potential Vietnam."

“till. a Colorado Senator. said he would
replace tttilitary aid to Central America with
educational aid. “The enemy itt Central
Atttcriea is ttot cottttnttttisnt." stressed Ilart.
“the cttettty is poverty."

The only way. said Hart. for Central
America to break out of poverty is" through
educational aid that will produce leaders for
the future. '

Hart appeared tired itt his speech Monday

and his voice. tho'ugh Strong.'was‘ltoarse.

Even among the throng of supporters eager

to shake his hand. Hart appeared exhausted.-

"Education is the number one domestic
concern." said Hart to the crowd which in-
‘ ‘ 9»

Feldtnan. Schwartz and Trataros with
monopolizing decision tttaking witltitt the
group. “We (regttlar members) were there
only to ltang posters attd sell tickets."
Golubow agreed but, Schwartz attd
Fcldman tttaintaitted that they repeatedly
asked group members to aid itt sclectiott of
speakers.
“It's a monopoly of tltrce people and none
of the members know what is going on. Two
. 9D

 

     

if-

 

 

 

JOE scuwcnuuaa ups
Chairperson Fanny Trataros

 

Has been in ofﬁce two weeks.

Democratic
hopefuls show
little contrast
in responses

New York City

(AP) The three Dctnocratic presidential

candidates differ only slightly on issues of

,individual freedotn. according to ques-

tionnaires they sttbtttittcd to the American
Civil Liberties Uttiott.

Former Vice President Walter Mott-
dttlc. Sen. Gary Hart attd the Rev. Jesse
Jackson outlittcd tltcir opittions on sub-
jects rattgittg front silent school prayer to
covert CIA operations in Central Anterica
itt response to tlte questionnaire frottt the
ACLU on 19 constitutional attd civil liber-
ties issues.

Mondale. Ilart attd Jackson expressed
unequivocal opposition to government-
sponsored school prayers; the CIA covert
operations; tttitiott tax credits for parents
who send their children to private schools;
peacetime conscription and draft registra-
tion; attd discrimination in employment
attd housing based on sex orientation.

All three expressed strong support for
the Equal Rights Antettdntcttt and the
Economic Equity Act — which would
among other things ban sex discrimination
in’lnsuranec. .

Jackson noted in his reponse that the'
ERA would have “a realistic chance of
passage" if the “upper middle-class white
females" who led the early women's
movement took stepts to get more minori-
ty and poor women involved.

The candidates were equally unaminous
in their support of a woman's right to
choose abotion. and of Medicaid funding
of abortions for low-income women. with
Mondale adding that he also supports
coverage of abortions for federal workers
under the Federal Employees Health
Benefits Program.

All three said they favored press
coverage of military actions “under ap-
propriate conditions that have been used
in that past." attd took the Reagan ad-
ministration to task for what Mottdalc
called the “unprecedented. total blackottt
of news coverage" in Grenada.

The candidates were ttttattintous itt sup-
port of legislation that would protect the
privacy of pcrsottal records attd com-
tttuttications itt computerized information
systems.

On only one qttcstiott did a cttttdidute
fttil to answer.

Mondale. who frequently gave lcngtlty
detailed replies to questions which Hart
answered with a simple “yes.” did ttot
reply to a question dealing with tltc move
to repeat a scetionlof the McCarran-
Walter Act making it possible to deny
visas to foreigners_on the basis of their
political views or associations. '

Hart said that “among the most tragic
.tspects of the Reagan administration‘s
assault on free speech is the denial ofvisas
to foreigners holding differing or alter-
native views on policy questions." saying
the practice stiﬂes education of the
American people “through an exposure to
differing opinions."

Jackson said he opposed such prohibi-
tion of visas in general but thought the
question should be handled on a case-by-
:ase basis.

A difference of opinion between Mon-
dale on the one hand and Hart and
lackson on the other showed up in their
replies to a question involving an effort to
change the Fourth Amendment rule ex-
cluding evidence obtained in illegal searw
ches. '

. lb

 

 

 

 

 

 

