  

 

 

 

     
    
  
 

:i‘

   

. ... -J.» «was ash-12' a“

 

 

 

 

 

 

. 161413.45"): sfrumwr PRESS FRIDAY. .\I.-l/\'( 'I/  I‘INJ
.‘ :t u...,.m_. b (by... I  A i , .

e';t-~tr.-t"« t

   

AMl‘A Spring ’84 V.

  

 

 

 

 

LSoftball Fever!

 

All The Excitement!
All The Competition!
All The Fun!

1* _C_a.t__c_h_l.t_t
Meeting ( All leagues )

March 12

For Details

Check AMIA Board

  
 

    
      

   
   
   
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

s

 

t  l‘—;--._.'§APTAIN’S MEETINGS
' ‘ COMING SOON
SOFTBALL - MARCH 12

W.l.R.A.

- Coed Softball .

SPRING SPORTS

- Women’s Softball

.- Women’s Soccer

WATCH FOR DETAILS

'ROSTERS AVAILABLE IN

INTRAMURAL OFFICE IN THE GYM.

Get your teams ready

for a great season!

SA Funded

 

 

 

 

 

   

Smtla [Jar/mm, CA
a mum 1w: ss \IRIIt II Tltc once-heady catn-
ptts boycott of Coors beer went a little flatter
lttst week as the University of California-
Sttattt Ilarbttra‘s stttdent government voted to
let tltc beer' back on camptts.

Two weeks before that, Cal State-Long
ltettclt s ntlcnts tltuppcd thciI boycott ot
('otn‘s products.

Ilut the boycott is still on at some cam-
puses and in many communities. stresses
lias id Stickler. who coordinates boycott t -
Ii\ ities from the AFL-ClO‘s Los Angeles of-
I'ice. “Notlting‘s changed." he said. “All tlte
, issues are still there. and as long as tltey are.
we‘ll continue lite boycott."

lint San Diego State. UCLA and Cal-
"t‘llsL'lt‘\ ate "the nn|\ ones we know oi still
lmtcottitte Its." sttitl .lt‘llll Meadows. a
t INII\. spokesman in (loltlen. (st.

The boycott began in I968 tts a Universin
of Colorado stttdent protest against conser-
vathe brewer .loseplt Coors‘ proposed
punishtnents of anti-war students and his ef-
forts to control tlte cantptts‘ speaker pro-
gram. Coors was then a university regent.

The boycott broadened into a nationwide
labor issue when an AFL-CIO ttnion lost a
strike at Coors over alleged company
discrimination against women and
minorities. and Coors' insistence that all
employees take lie detector tests.

But “from what we've seen. it was deter-
mined the hoycott was no longer necessary."
asserted Scott Moors. the student politician
who engineered Santa Barbara's repeal of the
boycott.

Meadows said schools are abandoning the

 

 

 

boycott “because we‘ve been able to present
ottr side to students."

“We‘ve fottnd that at tt lot of schools. no
one really kttew why they were boycotting
Its.“ he said. "All the information they got
was from tutti-Coors organizations."

Since I979. Coors has been settdittg ot-
ficials to boycotting catnpttses. flying student
politicians to the Golden brewery for tours.
and paying to stage campus-wide evcttts at
schools that agree to drop their boycotts.

At Santa Barbara. Meadows “has pet-
sonally come ottt attd said ‘thanks a lot."‘
Moors said. The company is now “sponsor-
ing some comedy nights and things down at
the student pub."

“They wine and dine thent and feed them a
httnch of bullshit.“ Sickler charged. “Coors
ltas campus reps lobby to get money He-
eepted" by the schools.

The tactic seems to work. Asked if
Meadows‘ estimate that only three colleges
maintain boycotts. Sickicr said. “There
cottld be more. l‘m not sure.“

Campus racial insults lead to
affirmative action commitments

Greeley, CO

(COLLEGE pncssscm'tm Darryl Miller. head of .

the Black Student Union at the University of
Northern Colorado. was preparing to leave
to address UNC‘s student government on
January llth when the phone rang.

A distorted voice warned Miller that. if he
attended the meeting. “We'll blow you nig~
gers away."

Another BSU officer, the student
newspaper. the campus police and the stu-
dent government secretary all received similar
calls on the same day.

.\|i||ct went ltI tltc tttceting anyway.
altltottglt “we had a bodygttard there to
watclt us. and they searched the place before
we got there." Miller recalled.

The incidettt was only the ntost recent in a
series that has frightened many black
students on campus. attracted the Federal
llttrcatt of Investigation. and last week pro-
mpted UNC to restate its commitments to
hiring more black faculty members and
recruiting ntore black students.

At about the sante time UNC ad-
tttinistrators were announcing their recom~
mittnent to affirmative action. an Alabama
legislator asked the U.S. department of

. Education to cttt off federal funds to ten of
the state's pllhlleCOlngL‘s on the grounds they
.‘ don‘t hire enough black people. '

.lttst a month before, Vanderbilt's student
gosernment resolved to pressure the universi-
ty to press its affirmative action plans tnore
vigorously. charging that “Vanderbilt is a
segregated.university."

While the three schools‘ efforts to resive
affirmative ttction may not be at trcttd yet.
there does seem to be an increasing number
of grassroots efforts to press for affirmative
action hiring procedttrcs in the wake of the
Reagan administration‘s pttllback from en-
forcement of civil rights laws.

“Now there's not muclt vigor on the part
of the Justice Department in enforcing civil
rights laws." said Craig Shelton. a student at
Xavier Uni 'rsin and president of the Na-

tional tttetttIi/atiott ol illack llttitctsin and
College Students.

Shelton contends sonic white people see af-
firmative action policies as allowing black
people to progress at their expense. The
result. he said. is a lossening of efforts to
recrttit and ltirc black people on campuses
and evctt a rise in harassment of black
students on predominantly wltite campuses.

“it's a growing concern of blacks and
minorities in predominantly white schools."
he said.

 

At Southern Call. for example. black sttt
dettt groups in December accused lllll\L‘l‘\ll)
police of arassing black students by frcqucnt‘
ly stopping them on the street and inlet»
rogating them.

At the same titne. a USC committee t'elctts»
ed a report accusing the'coilcge and unions
black student services offices of failing to in»
tcgrate black stttdents into campus activities.
an encouraging “a sense of alienation and
isolation."

lt recommended redottbiing USC‘s affir-
mative action efforts.

in October. Virginia Prof. Vivian (iordon
said in a campus speech that black students
on white campuses. often feeling ill-at—easc.
often react to attacks on affirmative action tts
they used to react to the word “‘nigger‘ III a
KKK on the door."

They‘ve experienced that. too. recently.

At Northern Colorado. a cross was fotntd
otttsidc the Black Student Union offices a
year ago. During the summer, tltrce white
males parked otttside tlte house of UN("s
financial aid director. who is black, sltotttcd

racial slurs and threw firecrackers at her.

Three men were arrested. and are schedul-

>cd to go on trial this month.

llttt in the cross incident. “the ttttisctsity
did not do anything." Miller complained.
The two students who lateradntitted planting
the KKK symbol did publicly apologize. but
“they werehneither suspended nor expelled."

one. in ‘-fact. subsequently was elected
president of UNC's Tau Kappa Epsilon.

UNC \Vicc-Presidcnl John Burke assctts
the university did discipline the offenders.
adding the pttnishtnents were “a confident ial
matter.“  '

“I tnadc a mistake." said TKE President
Scott Stephens. “and i paid for it."

While stressing UNC takes such matters
seriously. llttrke conceded that "one of the
serious prohlctns faced by (black) students on
campus is they feel isolated hecattsc they're
so few in number."

Of the [0.000 students at UNt'. Miller said
ISR are black. There are only three black
members of UNC's 525-person faculty.

“Our goal." llurkc said. “is to increase
the prcsettce of black stttdents. faculty and
adnti ' rtttors so that feeling of isolation is
eliminated.”

indeed. achieving the safety of numbers
seems to be a goal of all the newly—restated
affirmative action programs.

 

 

 

<19
again but to compete in the Division
1 tournament.

Prior to this season, Demeo and

Averill had a big meeting where cer-
tain goals were set.
» "DeMco said he thought I could
' win the title.” recalled Averill.“l
I didn't believe I could do it especial-
‘ ly after I placed seventh two years
in a row. But all season he kept in-
stilling in me that I could do it.”-

“Even before the tournament i
didn't believe it," continued the
Dane junior." Then when l reached
the finals he said to me he really
thought I could beat him. And he
toltl Inc to go out there and do it.
5 t’s great having someone believing
on can win."

Averill knows first ltand why
eMeo was voted AAU coach of
ltc year. an hottor given to the best
’ oach in all styles of wrestling.
‘He's the best coach in the coun-
_. said Averill. He's a great
totivator. He knows every aspect

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

Tape blames Caseres

of the sport."

DeMeo's Wrestlers have earned
it Ali-American spots in his five
year reign. To make that statistic
even more phenomenal. there were
only six All-Americans in the 30
years preceding DeMeo.

The Albany State coach hardly
had time to celebrate Averill's
championship or the Danes overall
ninth place finish. the second best
in Albany State history. He board-
ed a plane yesterday for Norway to
join three-time All-American Andy
Seras and the Adirondack wrestling
club. who are competing in Euro-
pean tournaments in preparation
for the Olympic trials.

Shawn Sheldon. who earned All-
Ameriean honors with his sixth
place finish. is also gttnning for an
Olympic berth. He flew to Norway
on Wednesday. Next weekend the
bunch treks to Hungary.

 

For Averill. it is time for rest and ’"Albany State Wrestling Coach Joe DeMeo saw
llonally threw Albany's Dave Averill to the mat.

rccttpcration. He's earned it.

 

 

tonight

 

VS.

 

Women’s ECAC playoff action
in University. Gym.
First game 'is 6:00- Oneonta
Alfred;
NaZareth 8:00

Albany

VS.

 

 

tz-‘Mp-suvs»

- 

 

 
   

      

  

     
      

  

 
   
  

 
   
 

 

$5 'w/out

   
   
  

 

Wed, March 7"

PAGE

$5 w/tax sticker

 
 

  

ﬂaw

 

 
 
   

.25 3a
/in Ca/m

  

6Lquva

Naomi

M
“ Mama'sToml'Y"

Fﬁckets On Sale—
Mon.,Tues.,g' Wed.

3/ 7
pus Cent-er

 

 

  

J V Danes lose
$419 '.  .' ,’ I, "t_‘
Out of IIowlterc,'Chap'matI leaped lo save tltc
ball under his basket attd Iltrew it to a startled
Scott Nettman.  .
' [)0th by a basket with 22 seconds left. the
Danes had a chance to tie. The ball was
worked to Neuman in the corner. who threw
tt picture-perfch pass to a cutting Faboz' .
who scored to pull Albany even with HVCCZ
“Hudson Vallcy attackechuntan in the
corner.” said Fahozzi. "Tltey were guarding
tne just off the key when l cttt to the basket.
Scott's pass \'as perfect.“

 

Only nine sccottds retttaittcd when liahoni
eattttcd his sltot. l-lVCC inboundcd the ball
anti threw it downconrt within seconds. The
hall was released from Lake‘s hands l8 feet
away frotn the basket as the horn sounded.
Game.

 

' so uAttiIsstott ops

proof that Trenton State's Orlando Caéjoros Inton-

: -, _ -  it , _
“We‘ve won. out: share of, games like.
hat." said Freeze Storey. "in the beginning.
of the season, we beat Schenectady at tltc

 

'httucr. .Ius'" 'tjaisvcekcnd. we beat Union the
1 satne way. '

we know ltow it feels to lose
like that.“ _
The Danes' inability to work as a team in
the first italf anti in tlte opening mintttes of
the second half hurt thent‘.v.Cltapman had to
get the hall inside. and not 20 feet away from
the basket. When Chapman didn't see the
hall. the team suffered for it. in the second
half. Chapman notched Id of his game-high
20 points. grabbed it) of ltis game-high ll re-
bounds. and blocked tltrce of his fottr rejec-
tions. That‘s what happens when the Dane
offense
RIM SHOTS: The loss left the Danes one
short of l974‘s junior varsity team's record
of Ill-2 . . .

 
  
     
  
   
    
  
         

   
     
    
  
        
     
   
  
    
  
  
   
 

