 

 

 

  
 

McGovern was all smiles. until the results came in.

 

 

We..__A___.,M.~N_

 

 

W”

  

J

 

 

Campaign ’84" " -

Hart. the winner by a thirteen percent margin. claimed to be tinstttltllSEd-

 

   
  

 

 

Ed Marusslch UPS

  

 

\t-Iioitri Finest Hollmg of South Carolina found New ll-Inipslrltv

 

  

‘1 DY‘Vl”

.1...” .A.-.-a-._.._~‘.- _._ -

 

c .__.‘__..

 

 

 

 

j“ “it"n‘wae -.. A...” A—A

 

 

CapturingThe C

The heartless alarm clock blasts forth its message that it is time to awake I0
prepare to hit the road for the New Hampshire primary. The day begins at 6:00
a.m.. calling from headquarters to headquarters trying to map out a plan of ai-
tack. Then it's time to roll out and track down the candidates.

After an hour of driving we roll into the diminutive hamlet of Exeiet. New
Hampshire. in ‘search of Senator George McGovvern. We found him at the
Phillips-Exeter Academy speaking to a small group of people. All worries Ul ever
getting close to a presidential candidate Were quickly extinguished as we slipped
into our respective press slots six feet away from the senator.

Twenty minutes and two rolls of film later we were on the road again. jumping
up on cars trying to catch a glimpse of the Senator shaking hands with a passet‘
by. After this incredible experience. it was time to blast off to some outer region
of New Hampshire to_find Senator John Glenn, Our schedule allotted us tWenty
minutes with the former astronaut but an accident held up traffic for forty-five
minutes and forced us to change our course back to Durham to find Senator
Cranston. After not finding him we decided to take a break and wait for Senator
Gary Hart to speak at eight o'clock.

We shuffled our freshly fueled bodies into the Meadowbrook Inn to set up for
Gary Hart. After we had been standing crushed between thirty or forty other
photographers for an hour and a half. Hart arrived. an hour and a half late. and
proceeded to talk for five minutes. He then left. The day was finally over-

andidates

by Ed Marussich

'l‘lie sunshine of Monday turned into glacial ice storms on Tuesday. The can-
tlttlntus worried over whether the voters could make it to the polls. and we work
ilt'tl ll we could make it to either the polls or the candidates. The day began with
an morning cruise to the University of New Hampshire for an early morning hon
llit.‘ with Jesse Jackson. It was twenty degrees and the news that Jackson would
he truty<five minutes late was not exactly sweet words to my already frozen ears.
firm a caravan of vans and police cars came tearing over the hill. and what was
tlmtltllti to be a casual get together around the campfire turned out to be a con-
mmun of the media. 1 was introduced to this media quickly. by being cracked in
llit‘ head by a T.V. camera then being pushed into one of Jackson's Secret Ser-
rm Dinosaurs. who constantly reminded me how many times l stepped on his
Imlt'lll leather paw and what he would do to me if it happened again. So I decid-
uri in take a firm stand. little knowing that it was almost my last stand. as Jackson
stunnioned the crowd to join hands and form a circle. thus locking me in the
liiltltlle. four feet from the fire. This wasn't had until the wind changed direction.

{\s it turned out this was the high point of the day because from nine o'clock
.in we never saw another candidate. We journeyed to Manchester. the head-
tnmtters of all the candidates. Manchester looked more like Alaska than New
i'lttmpshtre. Ice and snow encrusted the entire town and closed the airport. After
iiL'kllig through the snow for seven hours we decided that we were not going to

tind anyone so we decided to head for home. U

 

 

 

 

 

Bob Luckey UPS
not w mum and friendly and dropped out of the campaign,

  
 
 

Jackson's supporters look to him for sup‘
port, but New Hampshire found him ﬂounder-
ing

UPS

   
 

Huh Luckey

 

 
  

 

Cover Photo by Ed Marussich

 

