   
 

 

4

pact

  ‘Will‘Reagan ever learn? ' I V

I . . . . . ~ merican in-
It is embarasstng that, while we enjoy the fruits of pie. These conditions are a result of years OfA Gunmmala. Thm aid was cancelled by Preside". can”

 ~ . , ;

terfcrcnce in the region. Our economic and military tm-

democracy m home. our government mu“ pracucc perialism has squeezed the life out of our southern neighbors because that nation had. and still has. one of the worst

V hypocrisy' Oppressmn and Vialence abroad' records of human rights violations in the'world. This tneans

arch 16, 1984

 

   
  

M . -m-uu‘a‘ac'WWhW/‘w

. .. ~.Mmr~mrmwit"wawqua n.4,.-.“

 

failure in Central America, the Reagan Administration is
sticking ‘to the bloody course which has brought that region
to the brink of war. This week a Senate committee agreed to
Reagan’s request for $92 million to bail out the crippled
Salvadoran army. it also voted to send SZl million more to
continue the ridiculously unsuccessful ——- not to mention il-
legal — “covert” CIA war against Nicaragua. \

it is obvious that the lessons of Vietnam have not left their
mark on the minds of Reagan and his right wing cohorts. The
millions he has poured into,Central America have caused on-
ly more violence and suffering. turning this impovershcd
legion into a collection of oppressive military regimes. And
the harder he tries. the more he fails. '

The same conditions which guaranteed American failure in
Southeast Asia‘ twenty years ago are ruining Reagan's efforts
in “our backyard" today. Through the tunnel-vision of his
cold war mentality. he sees Central America as some sort of
proving ground for the Soviet American power strttggle. or a
conspiracy by the evil Russians and Cubans against the saint-
ly Americans. '

in reality. the conﬂicts in Central America are deeply
rooted in the terrible social injustice and suffering of the peo-

 

’ After three years of continual escalation and continual in the name of profit and political control.

To add to this distortion of reality. Reagan insists that the
conﬂict must be solved militarily. As in Vietnam. we are
discovering that social problems become aggravated. never
solved by the use of force. Reagan has allowed all efforts for
social reform. economic equality. and human rights. to col-
lapse in order to pursue victory‘and control through Violence.

Another, development this week was when the State
Department complained that the Cuban presence m-

Nicaraguu is greater than what we've been told. and may.

total as many as 3.0Q0 military personnel.

Blaming the Cuban presence for the continued militariza-
tion of the region. as Reagan likes to do. is a hypocritical lie.
We have well over 4.000 troops operating next door in Hon-
duras. which every day is looking more like a giant U.S.
military base titan an poor third world nation. And the Pen-
tttgon may be planning to use the facilities there to house a
permanent American presence and to launch future actions
in the region.

Reagan has also poured tens of millions of dollars into the
incapable Salvadoran military. Thousands of Salvadoran
soldiers have been trained by American specialists.
throughout Central America and in the U.S.

'tral America to be militaristic. oppressive. paranoid.

nothing to the madness of Reagan's'conservativc mentality?
Yet all the escalation and oppression which Reagan has in-
itiatcd has left U.S. interests hovering desperately close to the
edge of disaster. With our militarization of tltc Salvadoran
government. the leftist rebels are becoming Stronger and
more successful each day. With every dollar Rcugttn sends,
the death tolls rise and the nation becomes more torn spun,
And our Nicaraguan contras, with each CIA payment they
receive. admit that they have met with little success in disrup-
ting the Nicaraguan governments They have used mi5
American military venture to legitimize a massive military
buildup and closer ties with Cuba and the Soviet Union.

Thanks to our president. we have shown ourselves in Ccn-

hypocritical. imperialistic. and without an ounce of genuine
concern for peace. freedom, human rights or the general
welfare of the people.

if we are lucky — that is. if Ronald Reagan is not rccicctcti
— we may in many years be able to undo the damage in: has
done. and show the world that we can make good on our
ideals. in “our backyard” as well as in our own home. t .

 

 

COLUMN ‘

I Hart: media creation or new JFK

x

Until quite recently. i viewed the presidential campaign
with a kind of disillusionment, and what I would call ar-
rogant indifference. Sonic choice for the future. I thought: a
president who plays out old B-movie scenarios vs. Fritz Mon-
dale. who is about as exciting as Friday afternoon classes. l
soon would dread the coming months and the subsequent
onslaught of monster media: T.V. commericals. magazine
covers, junk mail. and groupics banging on my door. Thrill-
ed 1 was not.

tJ_ason Friedman ‘ —|

I really don't want to sound apathetic; lwant to support a
candidate who has something important to say. who
understands the mood of the nation and has a vision of
where this country should be going. That i can‘t l‘indhim out
there troubles me.

As a kid. l was captured by the ‘(ennedy myth. my parents
lived it. and “passed” it on to me, You know what I mean.
the optimistic. idealistic vision of what a leader should be.
and what we as a nation could achieve. And then came Dallas
and so on . . . This is not a history lesson. but the events of
the last two weeks hate changed my attitude considerably.

Although i haven’t found anyone I can trust. many others
seemingly have. namely Gary Hart. Out of virtually nowhere
comes a challenger to Walter Mondale. who two weeks
earlier all but had secured the position as front runner for the
Democratic nomination. Just who and what is Gary Hart? Is
he really a serious alternative or is he just Mr. Not-Mondale?
Perhaps the crucial question is aren't he and his
“momentum” really a creation of the media?

Let's back up for a minute. At first, the Democratic con-
tenders joined together and attacked President Reagan.
specifically about the budget deficit. Yes. the deficit. which
the Congressional Budget Ofﬁce estimates to be about $192
billion this year. Reagan's own economic 'advisers believe
that the deﬁcits. maintained for a long time. could have a
disastrous impact on interest rates. economic activity. and in-
ﬂation.

 

Yes. this is all very serious — or is it? The question to ask is
will this issue defeat Reagan next November? Hell no! i
would argue that the voters don't care about budget delicits.
Why? They don‘t threaten! Unemployment is coming down.
inﬂation is okay, and the economy is getting better. Okay.
we're concerned. but if cash is in our pocket - who cares
about deﬁcits?

As i said. at first it Was “Let‘s all attack Reagan." ratltcr
than “Let's talk about the future of our nation." Thcn
something happened. A lightning bolt hit and there was Gary
Hart. (Okay. n01 so dramatic. but something like that).
Before "Super Tuesday" (it was net) on tltc basis of four
small and unrepresentative states. the press was seemingly
ready to hand over to Hart the nomination.

Gary Hart? Why has he got people thinking? Hart‘s tltcmc
is “New ideas. New Generation." The "ideas" are not new.
but the fact that he has a theme sets him apart from the other
candidates. The message is so broad and unspecific that
voters interpret it to suit themselves. giving Hart a broader
and more favorable political appeal than Mondale.

Haven't we seen this all before? Hart's “New ideas"

theme underscores a specific trend in modern presidential
politics. Recent elections have shown that the successful can-
didates are those with broad. vague. empty messages that are
suitably packaged for mass consumption.(George Orwell.
where are you?). With Carter it was honesty and integrity.
with Reagan a strong sense of moral conviction and leader-
ship. Those phrases didn‘t mean anything in terms of policy.
bill they worked because they were simple. digestible and
could be cspottscd in defense of our candidate.

And so it is with Hart. A recent article in The New York
TilliL'S implied that many of his enthusiastic supporters don't
exactly know why they support him. It's obvious that the
media attd pttblic_ are focusing less on his policies than on
who he is and what he really is all about. John Glenn
charathrilcd it pcrl'cctly when ltc called it “the politics of
stampede."

Okay. Hart is giving a voice to Americans under forty-five
who largely have been frustrated by politics and shut out of
political power. He recognizes their concerns about the en-
vironment. women's rights, and arms control. But i really
think they don‘t know what he really wants. Yes. he’s very

 

 

self-confident. Some of his rhetoric brings J.l“.K. to mind
when he talks about a desire for national unity and national
purpose. But come on. Hart is not .l.F.K.. not even close.

ls Gary Hart what William Safire calls a “Not-Mr. Mon-
dalc"? I think so. Many disillusioned voters have gotten
caught up with his "momentum" and his youth and l'ilclttllL'.
But it won't last long. “Super Tuesday" proved that this
could be the beginning of the end for Hart. or at least that
tltc voters and media realize that there are too tlittll)
unanswered questions about him. The more ltc titsL'ttsst's
Cuba. the Persian Gulf, nuclear arms. the more it bet-mum
obvious that he really is inexperienced. Now his pttst ha»
become an important issue.

Mondale will win tltc important states —— Michigan. ll-
linois. New York. Pennsylvania —— because ltc has the sup
port of minorities. labor. old line democrats. and scuiut
citizens. Tltese are the votes needed to get the nominatimt
and he will get it. He's not flashy. bttt he is a dumtt goutl
politician. Very soon. if not already. Hart’s “momentum”
will show itself to be what it really is. a media creation, which
can be destroyed as easily as it can be created.

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

4‘ »_ nary“;

.t-t

"QM"  "Tﬂhitftttumw nun—w» -'

 
 
 

 

 

