 

rt
..
t
4

 

 

 

Worldwi

 

 

 
  

.  .‘
Rivals halt attacks

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP) Lebanon's civil war rivals agreed Thurs-
day to Italt artillery attacks on residential
areas after fierce barragcs killed at least 23
people and wottnded more than 150, the state
radio reported.

The agreement was reached early Tltrusday
morning at the first meeting of the “higher
security-political committee“ led by Pcsident
Amin Gernayel. the radio said. Tlte commit-
tee was formed to disengage combatants and
bring about a stable cease-fire.

The rtteeting came after a day of heavy

 

sitciiing lrctwecn Christian cast attd mostly
Moslcut wcst licirut. There were conflicting
reports on the number of dead. ranging from
23 It) 37. ,

Ahottt 300 police are expected to take over
from departing I-‘rencit troops on positiotts
along the “Green l.ittc'f tlividittg tltc city‘s
two sectors. The French. the last remnant of
the mttltittationai peacekeeping force. began
their withdrawal from Beirut last Sunday artd
expect to complete it by Saturday.

Protesting escalates

Mit’I/it'. l’ulmtt/
(AP) A March 7 sit-in by some 400 students
in the village of Mietne protesting Iltc
removal of crueil'ixcs from classroottt walls
has escalated into a major confrontation bet-
ween the Communist government and the
Roman Catltolic churclt.

The bisltop of the diocese. .lan Mazur.
began a bread-and-water fast Tuesday to
protest the government's hardening stance.
and students appear to be quitting school en
masse rather than bow to government
demands; '

The dispute now focuses on a controversial ’

declaration that students are being ordered to
sign before returning to classes at the school,
which was closed down alter the sit-in but
reopened Tuesday.

Tite declaration indirectly endorses tire
crucifix ban by acknowledging the school's
secular character. Signing it would ntcan
agreeing to abide by all school regulations.
which prohibit the display of crosses.

Vote results uncertain

San Salvador. [5/ Salvador
(AP) President Reagan hailed l-.l Salvador‘s
presidential election as a tritrtrtplt. a right-
wing death squad called it treason. atrd leftist
guerrillas dismissed it as irrele\ant.
Whatever it was. the elction last Sunday
did not determine which path this battered
Central American nation will take in its pur-
suit of peace after four anti a half years at

civil war. Also still ttndecidcd is whether. or -

ltow much. the United States is willing to
smoOtIt the way with aid.

The road El Salvador will travel will be
determined. at least in part. by a runoff likely
to be held on May 6. it will be between Sun~
day's top vote-getters. two men who would
follow totally opposite paths — ultrarightist
Roberto d'Aubisson and moderate Jose
Napoleon Duane.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

2 ALBANYSTUDENTPR‘ESS t ' FRIDA Y. MARCH 30. (984

NEWS ’ BRIEFS

Duartc. 58. a Cltrlsitan Democrat. en-
visages peace through conciliation and
through talks with the leftist rebels who are
fighting the government.

D'Aublsson. 40. of the Republican Na-
tionalist Alliance. secs peace coming only
after intensified fighting. He vows to crush
the leftists mllitttrily and never to negotiate.

Nationwide“

 

 

Tornadoes blast South

Red Springs. N. C.
(AP) The governors of North and South
Carolina sent the National Guard to keep
order and aid rescue efforts Thursday in shal-
tcred town where to tornadoes killed at least

 

7l people. left at least 600 other injured and
blasted thousands more out of lireif homes.

Hospital emergency rooms overflowed in
North Carolina. where the death toll was at
57 Thursday. and in South Carolina. where
the I4 known dead inclttded seven people in a
Bennettsvillc shopping center.

“Some buildings just aren't there any
more. No buildings. no nothing." said Police
Chief Luther W. Haggins in Red Springs.
N.C.. where a 3-year-old child was killed in a
bulldirtg demolished when a twister hit
Wednesday evening.

The twisters struck late Wedncday after-
noon. cutting a swath across northern South
Carolina and ititting the towns of Anderson.
Winnsboro. Newbcrry. and Bennettsviile. At
nightfall. they tore through I3 counties in the
North Carolina sandhills attd coastal plain.
walloping the towns of Maxton, Shannon.
Red Springs. Parkton. and Mount Oliven
bchre racing out to sea.

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

 

 

GM X-cars probed

Washington. D. C.
(AP) Reports ubottt early locking of the rear
brakes on General Motors Corp. i980 X-cars
prompted high-ranking eontpany officials to
question how the cars reach the market with
such problems. according to a government
witness.

Robert Hellrttutit. chief of the defects
evaluation division of the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration. said ittternal
GM documents from I979 contain references
to rear brake lock-up and state that the cars
could tend to “yaw” or swerve front cottrse
during sortie stops.

GM is on trial in U.S. District Court for
allcdgcdly marketing the cars evert though it
knew they had design tlefccts titat could
cattse prentattrrc lock-up of the rear brakes.
resulting in dangerous skids.

Statewide

Fiscal accord reached

 

 

 

Albany
(AP) Final agrecrttertt has been reached on a
new state bttdget for New York of about
$35.6 billion by Gov. Mario Cttortto antl
leaders of the state Legislature.

The budget for the current fiscal year is $32
billion.

The budget. as promised by Democrat
Cuomo. calls for no increases in the state‘s
big three taxes -- personal income, sales artd
corporate franchise. However. it also in-
eltrdes no major tax ctrts as ltad been sought
by Republican legislators.

Last year, as part of a move to close what
he said was a $1.8 billion btrdget gap. Cuortto
hit New Yorkers with about St billion in new
taxes.

lrt being worked over by the Legislature
this year. Cuomo's original brtdget proposal
of $35.4 billion had about $200 million added
to it. The governor said the state could afford
that because of sottte extra federal funds
cornirtg in arttl sotttc expected higher
rcfvcnrtcs on certain state taxes.

Buckle-up blll okayed

Allin/1y
(AP) Sortte New York driver's who don't
buckle up may soon get socket] with a firte.

The Assembly on Wednesday gave final
legislative appro 'al to a mandatory sctll belt
bill for New Yorkers who are new drivers. if
it is signed ittto law by Gov. Mario ('uomo
soon. it would be the first time irt the rtatiort
that a state rttadc it tttatttlatory for at icttsi
sontc drivers to wear seat belts.

The legislation. which passed the
Assembly. 130-7. without debate. would re-
quire seat belts to be worn by all drivers
under 18. drivers with learner's pcrtttits. arttl
drivers who ltave held iiccrtscs for less than
six months.

 

 

In the March 27 issue. the page i photo ol
the Student Association Supreme Court hear-
ing was incorrectly crctlitcd to liob Ltrckcy.
The photo should ltavc been credited to Joe
‘Scltwendncr.

 

 

 

 

Free Ilstln gs

Telethon '34 will be held lrom
Friday. March 30 at 8 pm. to
Saturday. March 31 at 8 pm. in
the campus Center Ballroom.
Proceeds will go the the Capital
Area Speech Center and the
Wlidwood School.

Circle K will hold a meeting Mon-
day. April 2 at 8 pm. In SS 118.
Olilcer elections will be held. ,
Shabbat services will be held Frl«
day, March 30 at 8:30 pm. Ser-
vices and a luncheon will be bid
Saturday. March at at to ram.

 

Both events will take place at
the Chapel House Interfaith
Center. ‘

What's In a Name? will be the
topic oi a lecture by Mishka Lutt
of Albany Jewish Family Ser-
vices on Monday. April 2 at 9
pm. in Physics 129.

Saylu Colin House will be held
on Saturday, March 31 at 7:30
p.m. In the Alumni Quad
Ballroom. Admission to $1.50.
Cotiee and snacks will be serv-
ed. ,
“Minorlll and Game at New
York" will be the topic of a leo-

ture by Dr. William Kelly on
Saturday. March 81 at 10:30 am.
In the New York State Museum's
Orientation Theater.
International Tn will be held
Sunday. April 1 at a pm. ih th
Biology Lounge (248). Dr. James
Weeamen. acting chairman oi
the Latin-American department
will speak. The event is spon-
sored by the SUNY Women Inter-
national Committee.

1m Clue Council meets Sun-
days at 5 pm. In the Physics first
floor Iougne. all seniors are In-
vited.

Class at '87 will meet Sunday
April 1 at 5 pm. All freshmen are
invited to meet at the Fireside
Lounge In the Campus Center.
.Ciue Council oi '06 will meet
Sunday. April 1 in the Fireside
Lounge in the Campus Center.
All sophomores are invited to at.
tend. .
The Clash will play the Palace
Theater on Wednesday. April 11
at 8 pm. Tickets are $10.00 with
a tax card and $12.50 without.
and will be sold in Campus
Center 343 and at local
Strawberries stores.

The Greek Party will be bid
Saturday, March 31 at 9:30 pm.
In Alumni Quad's Brubacher
Ballroom. The cost is $2.00 with
a tax sticker. $4.00 without. $1.75
for members of the Greek and
Cypriot Student Association and
$2.50 with a cbmblnatlon SIH
Coffee House Ticket.

Excalibur will be shown on Tues-
day. April 3 at 11:30 am. at the
Junior College at Albany's Cam-
pua Center 847. The college is
located at 140 New Scotland
Ave. Admission Is free.

 

 

 

Yolanda King calls
for social changes

By Aileen Brown
s'mrr Il'RIrIiR

Disputing the eontrtton ntispereeption that
non-violence is ineffectual. the daughter of
the late Dr. Martin Luther King. Jr. called
non-violence an “active and responsible op-
position rrt evil." ill a leetttrc Tuesday at the
Campus Center iiailroom.

Before a crowd of some 40 people. Yolan-
da King spoke about dreams deferred and her
.fathers' goals of peaceful co-existance and

social justice.

Speaking about her work with the institute
on Cultural Affairs at the Martitt Luther
King Center. King said “Despite all our
technologi‘al attd scientific achievement.
morally anti spiritually we are on the verge of
bankruptcy." -

King pointed to the examples of divorce.
violence. broken homes. abused children.
mental illness and runaway cltildrctt as ex-
amples of otrr tttoral decay. “These times call
ttot for tncrt‘intcnt. btrt for movement." sltc
declared.

King also spoke about her father's life and
goals. artd how Ite believed it was the quality
of life that mattered. not the qtratttity. “He
ttratle us look at each other. artd propelled its
to do something for humanity and the better-
tttent of human life." King said.

Part of King's talk focused on the need for
people to remember the civil rights ntove-
rrtent and the people wlttt fougltt for equality
trnder the law.

“The ttterttorics of yesterday have been
blurred." King said. “The problems of today
are so opressing that we forget tlte work and
the struggle of yesterdtty. it alljtrst scents like
a rttisty image. But the civil rights movement
was ttot a mirage. it was not a documentary.
It was lite attd irt living color."

“Although in I983 we have seen such gains
as a black Miss America, a black man in
space. arttl the signing of the Martin Luther
King. Jr. holiday bill by Ronald Reagan."
King noted. “we must look beyond these vic-
tories. These are important symbolic vic-
tories. btrt we are still confronted \vitha
political system that spends cigltt tintes as
mrtcit on weapons as on education."

King stressed ltcr belief in the need to cor-

 

 

Yolanda King

 

 

FRIDA Y. MARCH 30, I984 i; ALBANY STUDENT-"PRESS 

 

RACHEL LITWIN UPS

 

“These limes call nu/ for Inerrilnt'm. [ml for move/Item. "

reel otrr priorities ttt edttcatc and teach rather
than kill and destroy. '

“Our priorities are warped." she said.
“The emphasis is on preparing for war.
tn 'anwhile. otrr students that are graduating
from college are unable to read. write anti
even think." she said.

“Profits remain rttore important titan peo—
plc" King said. “Our children and the elderly
are suffering."

Site also contrttcntetl on the need to find an
alternative to war. destruction and violence.
Quoting her father. King said. “Tltc choice is
eitlter non-violence. or non-existance."

The majorin of King's lecture focused on

.the continuation of her father's principles of

non-violence.
“In order to reverse the trends of
violence.” King explained. “We must first

begin with ourselves. Violence rtot only in—

eludes weapons which lturrtt one's physical

being. it also includes hatred. greed. and cut-

throat competition." “We rrtttst employ the

principles of nonwiolence witltirt ourselves.

ottr homes. churches. schools and cont-
.

é

 

She also stressed the need for sttclt prin-
ciples as truth. love. justice. peace and faith
in peoples lives. "so that we cart learn techni-
qtrcs of interpersonal communication and
socit l chang'.”
ing sIt ed that non-violence is not a
pa. rve soc ti force. “Non-violence is an are
tive and responsible opposition to evil." site
said. “It is trscti lti speak ottt against brutality
arttl injustice irt a clear anti dcterrttincd way.
It is the courage and determination to face
9’

 

   

   

Students ‘Join Hearts’ for TelethOn ’84

By Gerry Silver

Telethon ‘84. the ettlntination of a year's
fund-raising efforts for children at two,
Albany help centers will kick offal 8 pm Fri—
day in the Campus Center Ballroom.

The event will run for 24 continuous hours
and will include student and professional

 

 

entertainment as \thI as various spccitti
events.

(.‘o-(‘httirs of Telethon Amy Zimmerman
and Cindy Kat/ saiti tltcy are very optimistic
about this year‘s fundraiser. Last year's
Telethon grossed 530.000. they said. This
year. Telethon will. “hopefully break

 

 

 

Tt'lt’l/Itlll Ito/res In raise over 540.000 Ilrt's _tvear.

 

Telethon co-chalre Amy Zimmerman and Cindy Katz

540.000. il' rtor more." said Zimrtterntan.

Although Telethon peaks during the actual
24 hour period. there Itas been a year-long
buiitlttp irt preparation for tonight‘s climax.
“When people think of Telethon they
generally tcrtd to think just about the 24
hours of cntertaimttcnt." Zitttrtterrttart
obsertcd. “lint Tclctlton is much rttorc titan
that. it's a year-long effort to raise money.“
she cyplained.

A Dance Marathon. Halloween candy
suics. artd a raffle to witt tt trip to the
liaitttmas were all i'cicthon sponsored. said
Zitrttttcrntart.

Another major L'\Clll of Telethon is its
Auction. w iticlt will include items such as two
.Iet footballs. three Yankee baseballs. artti
dinners at Icsltllli'tlllls sttcit as ('oco‘s anti
.Ittck's. lrt addition. student acts will enter-
taitt throughout the day.

The money 'l'elcthort receives will be
donated to two area institutions. the ('ttplital
Area Speech ("enter and the Wildwootl
School. Ktrt/ said. The Speech (‘ctrtcr will use
the money" to provide irttprtweti speech and
language tlterapy for students and to fttttitcr
l'urtd “i lead Start.“ . ant which is cur-
renrly facing difficulties. Iltey had to turtt
kids away titre to lack of funds.“ e\p|uincd
co-clrair Kan, The money from l‘cictittm will
help open tip the Head Start program for
those who could not have participated other-
wise. she sttiti.

The other portion of the money will go
towards recreation for the students at the
\\"ild\\oot| School. which serves the
developmentally disabled anti emotionally
disturbed. Dennis lttkc. Wildwood's recrea-
tion tiircctor. said Ire intends to use the dona-
tion towards tltc goal of bringing his students
into the community at large. and to help each
individual feel art integral part of society.

The money Wiidwoodreceives will be used
to cover the expenses of various after school

9b

7

 
  

 

Hart, Mondale trade
shots in bitter debate

New York City
~(AP) In one of the most personal and
aeriihonious matehups of the I984
presidential campaign. Walter F. Mondale
and Gary Hart tangled in an hour-long
debate in whielt the Democratic front-
_runners argued openly about the risks of
.sending American troops overseas.

Mondale accused Hart of misrepresen-
‘ting his record as an international
negotiator for peace and insisted that the
Colorado senator withdraw television and
newspaper ads "that suggest I'm trying to
kill“ young American soldiers.

Hart said Mortdaie has failed to learn
. tltc lcssorts ol' the Vietnam War and is too
willing to use US. rttilitary force iii the
Middle l" t atttl ('cnttal Ameri‘a.

The third sili\'i\ ing Democratic
presidential carttlidate. the Rev. Jesse
Jackson. played tltc role of peaccmaker.
)i one point hanging a water glass to close
off a bitter e\citange between his l'i\ ls.

Tire intensity of tlte nationally televised
ticbate Wednesday ttigltt spottsorcd by
CBS relieets the irttportartce of Tuesday 's
New York state primary election where
252 delegates to the Democratic National
Convention are at stake. ‘

lleid ill the Low Library hall at ('qum-
itia University. the debate focused more
on foreign policy titan arty of the
preceding \erbal confrontations of tire
race for the Democratic notttintrtion.

llart. Mondale and Jackson. along with
questioner attd rrrodctator Dun Ratltcr of
CBS. sat at a rutrtttl table facing and atl-
dressing one urtotiter and tire tele\ision
cameras. ,

Rather drew the most vitid contrast
between liart trrtti Mondale when lte asked
rtntler what circttrttstttnces cititcr would
use American forces abroad if elected
president.

l-lart said lte would use U.S. forces to
carry out Anteriean treaty obligations in
a s like Western Europe. Japan and
Australia wltcrc vital national security in-
terests are on the line. Tltctt he added. “i
don't titink Iltc issue is wlterc we would
figltt. The issue of ieadcrsltip is also know-
ing when rtor to figltt  i think sortteofus
learned a lesson front Vietnartt and that is

that military might in the Third World is
‘not always going It) work."
‘ Witilc campaigning. llurt ltas accused
:Mondaic of failing to It'arn front tire U.S.
involvement irt Vietrtattt anti said tlte
il'orrttcr rice president‘s proposed Central
.Anterica policies might cost American
lives itt Honduras.

in his reply Mondale said. “There is a
lesson to be learttetl front Vietnam. l was
late in opposing that war. l‘yeatlmitted it.
it was rlte worst rrristake of trty life. i tlrink
the problem with what you (Hart) are so '-
ittg is that you learned Iltc wrong lesson

“There is a proper role for Antcricatt
power irt tire world. The toughest test of
presidential leadership is the
sophisticated. knowledgeable use of that
power."

 

 

 

 

   

Ads challenged

Mondale took the ofl‘cttsitc through
most of tlte etching. at one point
challenging llart‘s ads. one of which ran
irt The New York Times on \\’cdrtr.-sday
attti said Montialc's statements on keeping
ILS. troops irt Honduras “chillingly
recalls the Victttattt era."

“Why do you rtrrt those ads that suggest
that I‘m out trying to kill kids when v'ou
kttow better?" Mondale asked angrily of
Hart. “I'm a person who Iteiictes in
pctiL‘ "

 

\icc |\IL‘\itiL‘til tttrdcr President
Carter. Mondale said ltc played an impor-
tatrt role in tire (‘turtp David talks between
l-‘gypt attd Israel in l‘)7ii and added. "All
my life I‘ve fought for peace."

Hart. his mprcssiott grate. answered
with tr question on Mottdulc's owrt attacks
against I-irrrt's recortl on other subjects.

“Why have you questioned my commit
ment Itt arms control and civil rights when
you know that l have just.as tttuch corti-
ntitrttettt to both of those as you do? The
. ads illustrate a point. This cottntry cannot

deploy young Americans in every troth

L -

 

 

 

 

     
 

 

 

 

