 

 

 

 

 ‘.._--...:v:g—~y..t-..-..

- vehicles” in the armored column, the French

" the Horn of Africa.

 2 ALaANv-sruoaivr mass m FRIDA y. JANUAR v 27. 1934

' NEWS BRIEFS

 

Worldwide I
Chad downs war plane

Paris, France
(ASSOCIATED PREssi-France says an ar-
mored unit from rebel-controlled northern
Chad, shot down a French warplane after
raiding government positions — the first
reported attack on French forces since they
arrived in Chad last summer.
French Jaguar fighter jets, retaliating for
the raid. were shot at by ground missiles and
“answered in self-defense, destroying several

Foreign Ministry said Wednesday.

France sent some .000 troops into Chad.
one of its former colonies. in August 1983 to
help the government of President Hissene
Habre resist the Libyan-backed rebels loyal
to Goukouni Oueddei. the insurgent leader.

Army reduction seen

Dire Dawn, Ethiopia
(ASSOCIATED PRESSI-Thcre is no sign yet
that the Cuban army force around this
railway town is breaking camp. But in Addis
Ababa, the capital, Western diplomats
predict a withdrawal of as many as half the
10,500 Cuban soldiers estimated to be in
Ethiopia.

The diplomats. who spoke on condition
that they not be identified. said Soviet and
East German envoys have spoken candidly to
them of such a pullout from this East Africttn
nation. ’

US. officials in Washington said earlier
this month that the 10,500 figure is itself a
reduction from a high of 12.000 to 13.000
Cubans in Ethiopia.

The Cuban soldiers and pilots arrived here
in 1977-78 to strengthen Ethiopia‘s military
regime following the capture of the Ogaden
region of southeastern Ethiopia by neighbor-
ing Somalia, for centuries a military rival in

 

Troop talks resumed

Vienna, Austria
(ASSOCIA TED PRESS)-A Western
spokesman Thursday informed the Austrian
government that the North Atlantic alliance
has decided to accept a Soviet bloc proposal
to resume the central European troop reduc-
tion talks in Vienna on March 16.

The decade-old negotiations. the last re-
maining East-West arms forum after the col-
lapse of two sets of missiles talks in Geneva,
Switzerland,were interrupted Dec. 15 by a
Warsaw Pact refusal to agree on a I984
resumption date.

The Mutual and Balanced Force Reduction
Talks. which began in Vienna more than 10
years ago. are aimed at cutting conventional
forces and armaments in Central Europe.
Twelve NATO countries and seven Warsaw
Pact nations are involved in the negotiations.

Nationwide

 

'Sovlets offered wheat

Washington, D. C.
(ASSOCIA TED I’RESSI-The United States has
offered to sell the Soviet Union an additional
10 million metric tons of wheat and corn this
year. but a senior Agriculture Department
official says Moscow probably will balk at
taking the full amount.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

L' ' y Daniel G. Amstutz said at
the conclusion of talks Wednesday in Lon-
don that the Soviets were told they could buy
up to 22‘ million metric tons of grain in
1983-894, the first ,year of a new long-term
supply agreement between the two countries.

The pact requires the Soviet Union to buy
a minimum of 9 million tons annually over
five years, beginning last Oct. 1. An addi-
tional 3 million tons can be bought without
further consultation, but if more tltan 12
million tons is wanted. notice must be given.

By the same token. if the United States —
which is still burdened by a relatively large
supply of grain and lagging exports — desires
the Soviets to buy more than the 12 million
tons specified in the agreement. it is obliged
to inform Moscow. ‘

Hunger report attacked

- Washington, D. C.
(ASSOC/A TED PRESS)-The chairman for the
House nu‘trition subcommittee says a report
by President Reagan’s task force on hunger
"attempts to duli’public concern over the
issue." ‘ V

That charge was made today by Rep. Leon
E. Panetta. DiCalif., as he opened a joint
hearing by his subcommittee and its counter-
part in the Senate on the rcccnt report by the
president‘s Task Force on Food Assistance.

"Since it would not have been credible to
deny entirely that there is a problem, the
report attempts to dull public concern over
the issue by stating that no one knows how
serious the problem is." Panelta said in his
opening statement.

Panetta said he believes the report contains
tnuch useful infortuation. “I believe that
you made a most conscientious effort to
reach out to all areas of the country and to
hear all points of view." he said.

But. he added. he found “troubling con-
tradictions" in the report. Panctta said,
“By use of selective facts. statistics. and
arguments, the report attempts to rebut the
overwhelming evidence that a very serious
hunger problem, including substantial unmet
need, now exists in the country." Panetta
said.

Soviet missile spotted

Washington. D. C.

(ASSOCIATED PRESS)-A new Soviet SS-ZZ
rocket has been spotted in East Germany. say
US. intelligence sources who believe the
sighting could mark the start of the weapon‘s
deployment in Eastern Europe. -

The 560-mile-range SS-22's. medium-range
missiles developed to replace old SS-IZ

 

missiles, have never been deployed outside
the Soviet Union, said the sources. who
spoke Wednesday on condition they remain
a n o n y m 0 us . .

But they said the sighting of the missile at
Bernsdorf, East Germany. could mean the
Soviets are starting to deploy the 58-225 out-
side of the Soviet Union in response to the
placement of new U.S. intermediate-range
missiles in Western Europe.

The 85-22 spotted in East Germany. about
33 miles west of the Polish border. could hit
targets throughout West Germany. Belgium,
Holland. Denmark. as well as part of Britain,
France and Italy. the sources said.

Campaigning begins

Washington. D. C.
(ASSOCIATED PRESSl-With Wall Street jit-
tery over a rumor that he may not seek a se-
cond term. President Reagan Thursday kick-
ed off his 1984 campaign today at a star-
spangled forum in Atlanta. the first in a
series of events building to Sunday's appeal
for four more years.

In his first official political outing of the
campaign season. Reagan took credit for
charting anew course since 1980, but siad
there is much to do.

“I know this is an election year. but I
believe responsible Republicans and
Democrats can still cooperate and put good
government over politics.“ the president said
in his prepared remarks.

His remarks were not overtly political,
since the rally was officially billed as nonpar~
tisztn. But, possible alluding to his re-election
bid, Reagan said: “ I believe we've come too
far. struggled too hard and accomplished too
much to tttrn back now."

mm
LILCO suit dismissed

New York City
(ASSOC/A TED PRESS/A federal appeals
court on Thursday dismissed a Suffolk
County lawsuit seeking a safety inspection of
the Shoreham nuclear power plant and the
return of alleged overcharges to 800,000
ratepayers
A three-judge panel said the county can
oppose plans for the power plant before the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the
state Public Service Commission, but not in
the courts.
The 2nd US. Circuit Court of Appeals rul-

 

ed in favor of the Long Island Lighting Co..

ED MARUSSICH UPS

 

*

builder of the plant, and upheld a decision

reached earlier by a lower federal court.
The county's lawsuit asserted that the

shoreham power plant is defective and un-

' safe. it also charged that unreasonable con.

struction costs will lead to higher electricity
rates.

Times Square studied

_' New I’m/.- City
Mssocmrao PRESSI-The city and Urban
Development Corp., hoping the proposed
Times Square redevelopment project can
avoid the court battles which plagued
Westway, have paid for an 850-page en.
vironmentai impact statement for the plan.

The Study. conducted by city consultants
and excerpted in Thursday's New York
Times. predicted the project —- which cant
for rehabilitation of nine theaters and con-
struction of office buildings. a hotel and a
wholesale merchandise mart — might cause
heavy street and subway congestion. Such
problems could be alleviated by traffic con-
trol measures and subway improvcmcllls.
however.

To alleviate traffic problems, the project
would include a pedestrian bridge between
the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the 2.4
million square foot merchandise mnrt n. ttcll
as a refurbished Times Square subway stu-
tion.

Abrams eyes lottery

.-iIIItIIII'
(ASSOC/A TED PRESS)-Statc Attorney
General Robert Abrams said a constitutional
amendment is required before tltc stntc rumn
sports betting program to raisc funds for
education.

Governor Mario Cuomo has promoted the
betting proposal as a fortu of“loltery" in the
hopes of raising $100 million unnuttlly for
education programs.

Betting on sports events. Abrams said in a
legal opinion to state officials. “violates the
state constitutional ban on bookmaking and
poll-selling."

Waiting for a constitutional amendment
would delay any sports betting until at least
late 1985 because it would require approval
from this year‘s and next year's state
legislatures before it goes to the voters.
Cuomo had wanted the systctn ready for the
I984 NFL season.

Cuomo decries speech

.»I [bully
(ASSOCIATED PRESS)-Govcrnor Mario
Cuomo said Democrats "may ttcvcr con-
vince" the American people that millions of
the less fortunate paid the price for President
Reagan's economic policies.
Calling the Republican president the
communicator." New Ytllit's
Democratic governor on Thursday said
Reagan “is able to take the crusscsl political
step and make it acceptable." _

Cuomo reacted to the president's Stntc III
the Union address at the state (‘upitol on
Thursday.

"He (Reagan) is allowed to say persuasive—
ly that there people are at work non liltlll
three years ago without mentioning tlnll
more people are also unemployed than lillL'L‘
years ago." More people. Cuomo said. 2er
“hungry and homeless“ now than during lllk'
Great Depression. V

Cuomo said he has cotue Close to getting
those people who are “doing well" I0
“forget that the price“ has been putt! to
those less fortunate.

 

 

i

‘FRI’bA'Y. JANUARY 2'71 ‘riw .Cli'ALb‘ANi/STUDE‘NT'PRT‘ESS- 3

Naderposition disputed at utility board hearing.

(Boyd Anthony Sllber

TRIDUTING comm
The usually plodding pace of
public hearings was broken upby a
dramatic confrontation yesterday
morning which pitted consumer ad-
vocate Ral h Nader aainst Public

Service Commission (PSC) member
Harold Jerry.

The oeeassion was the eighth in a
series of nine hearings around the
state by the PSC to garnet opinion
and comment on the. proposed
Citizens Utilit B d Th

PSC, chaired by Paul L. Gloia. has
been tasked by Governor Cuomo
with facilitating __ CUB's progress
through the bureaucracy.

Nader was the second speaker to
appear at the hearing. held at the
Legislative Ofﬁce Building, and has
long been known as an advocate of
CUB. CUB would be a voluntarily
funded citizen-controlled organiza-

ition representing the interests of

“CUB Sho

uld have all the'

powers that utilities have. 

--Ralph Nader

utility consumers on electric, gas
and telelphone issues.

Asserting that CUB could help
create a more equitable balance of
power between consumers and
utilities, Nader said CUB would in-
ject a measure of democracy into
the decision-making process of
these legal monopolies. He added
that it was patronizing to assume
the current bodies which act on
behalf of consumers. including the
PSC. are adequate, and thus CUB
would not be a wasteful duplication
as its opponents argue.

“CUB should have all the powers
that utilities have, including the
right of free speech, the right to lob-
by the PSC, and the right to lobby
the legislature," he said. “The one
power it should not have is par-

However, Jerry disputed Naders
contentions and other arguments of
the proponents of CUB in a sharp
accusatory manner. “I am not im-
puning your motives, but i question
whether the picture you paint is
what really happens in New York,"
he said. Challenging Nader on
whether he had any knowledge of
the operations of the PSC and
similar bodies in other states. .Ierry
said, “we already have plenty of
mechanisms for public voice in our
hearings. They are actually very
well attended by consumers and
very lively." .

Visiny thrown off guard. Nader
admitted a lack of knowledge of the
operations of PSC-type organiza-
tions in other states and whether
those organizations thought highly
of CUBS. Currently a CUB exists in
Wisconsin and in the San Diego
area of Southern California.

But Nader asserted that l'iascos
with nuclear plants such as Nine
Mile point in Oswego and
Shoreham would not have taken
place if a CUB had adequate future
planning.

.lerry retorted that in fact three
years of planning is the norm in the
development of nuclear plants.
With heavy sarcasm, Nader observ-
cd that the siting of the indian
Point plant reflects that type of
planning.

“You‘ll come around due to the
economic considerations." Nader

responded. “i will not change my
opinion on nuclear energy due to
environmental considerations.
Nuclear power is more efﬁcient
than coal, oil or Canadian water,”
he contended.

The ﬁrst speaker to appear
before the commission was Richard
Kessell, the deputy director of the
State Consumer Protection Board.
Dessell. a long time consumer ac-
tivist from Long Island. spoke on
behalf of Governor Cuomo.
Reading from a statement written
by Cuomo, Kessell said CUB was
based on a simple idea: “Numbers
are power."

CUB would be an effective com-
ponent of the PSC mandate, which
is to serve the public, said Kessell.
He added that Cuomo sees CUB as
a welcome and necessary addition
to the intervening bodies now in ex-
istcnce — not a duplicate of other
bodies. Cuomo, Kessel asserted.
believes that CUB would be an im-
portant vehicle for placing power
between utilities and consumers and
would be valuable in the facilitation

of ideas.

Kessell, like Nader. emphasized
the need for a single statewide CUB
which would deal with all utilities.
Both said that local or industry bas-
ed CUB's would be powerless and
suceptible to divide and conquer
tactics from the utilities.

CUB opponents' arguments were
well represented by Jerry. Essen-

.

 

Free listings

A Welcome Back Party will be
held Saturday, January 28. from
9 pm. to 2 am. In the Brubecker
Ballroom on Alumni Quad. Ad-
mission will be $2 for tax card
holders, and $4 for those
without tax cards.

Chapel House will be sponsor-
Ing Mass daily at 11:15 am. In
the Campus Center, room 361.

 

Music of the Baroque Era,
featuring faculty from the Music
Department will be presented
Saturday, January 28. at 8 pm.
In the Performing Arts Center
Main Theatre. Admission will be
$2 for students and $3 for non-
students.

An Interest meeting for
students wishing to partlclpate
In a debate with Skldmore Col-
legs will be held Friday, January

27, at 3:30 pm. in the third floor
lounge of the Business
Building. The debate topic will
be “Regulation In the munlclple
bond market." Interested
students are asked to contact
Professor Sweeteer at 371-7674.

The Muslim Students Aseocla-
tion will be holding weekly
prayer meetings Fridays, at
12:60 pm, In the Campus

Center, Room 375.

Meditation and Stress Is the
topic of a free program to be
presented January 28 by the
Seddha Meditation Center of
Albany at 7:30 pm. The meeting
will Include Information on how
meditation can ease stress. For
more Information call the center
at 438.6716. '

A Statistics Colloquium will be
held on Monday, January 30. at
3:45 pm. In the Earth Science

 

building, room 140. Santord
Welsberg of the University of
Minnesota will speak on
"Robustness, Score Tests and
Regression." Refreshments WI”
be ser'ved before the colloquium
at 3:15 In ES 152.

Women's Intercollegiate Soft-
ball to now being organized.
Anyone Interested Is asked I0
call Coach Rhenlsh at 457-4535
for practice schedules and
roster Information.

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEY UPS

tieipation in partisan politics." said. His voice rising.

Jerry up'

Reagan calls fora ‘down payment’ on the deficit

Compiled by Jane Anderson
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT A

President Reagan outlined plans for a
“down payment on the budget deficit." attd
called for I manned space station to be plac-
ed in orbit within 10 years. in his annual State
of the Union Address Wednesday night.

in general. he reported that the state of the
union was much improved. and said there
was “renewed energy and optimism
throughout the land." according to the New
York Times text of the message.

Reagan touched upon four points in his
speech. which he called the “great goals to
keep America free, secure. and at peace in
the 80's." according to the text. Steady
economic growth. the development of space,
traditional values, and a “meaningful peace"
were stressed by the president.

Associated Press wire service reported that
Reagan called on Congress to give him the
power to withhold money the ltottsc and
senate have voted to spend. He then asked
for line-item veto authority. the wire service
said. .

A line-item veto would let the president ettt
individual items frotn appropriations bills,
rather than vctoing the whole thing. At least
seven other presidents since Andrew Jackson
have, in some fornt or another, tried to get
authority for a line-item veto. but all failed.
Associated Press said.

Forty-three states allow governors to exer-
cise line-item veto authority. Reagan had it
when he was California's chief executive. He
said asgovernor, he found the line-item veto
a “powerful tool" against "wasteful and ex-
travagant spending." according to wire ser-
vice reports. ttnd with federal bttdgct deficits
at record levels approachng 200 billion
dollars a year, Reagan told lawmakers he
nccds more control over the nation's purse
strings.

Reagan emphasized that limiting the size
and scope of government would help to bring
the butlch deficit down. He stated that he
hopes to form a bipartisan group to develop
a “down payment" on the deficit, consisting
of spending cuts. closing tax loopholes. and
reducing the operations of the federal
governtnent.

National defense is "the prime respon-
sibility of the federal government." said
Reagan. He contended that the United States
is “now restoring our capability to meet our
present and future security needs" by in-

creasing defensc spending. according to the
text.

Reagan called a lasting peace our “highest
aspiration." and maintained that
“Americans resort to force only when we
mttst. We have never been aggressors." said
the text.

He listed his “agenda for peace," which
called for a more stable basis for a relation-
ship with the Soviet Union, strengthening
Allied relationships. reducing nuclear arms.
“reinforcing our pcacc«kecping efforts in the
Middle East, Central America. and Southern
Africa,” assisting developing countries. and
helping to “develop democratic institutions
throughout the world," according to the
New York Times.

Reagan also told the joint session of Con-
gress he is determined to keep American
forces in Lebanon because the United States
must never be turned away by “state-
sponsored terrorism," according to the wire
service.

The president said that an increase in taxes
would be a “threat to economic recovery."
He maintained that any tax increases would
be a “Band-Aid solution, which does nothing
to cure an illness which has been coming on
for half a century."

He announced that he has rcqttcsted a plan
from Secretary of the Treasury Donald
Regan which would "simplify the entire tax
code. so all taxpayers, big and small, are
treated more fairly." according to the text.
He said he asked for the plan to be presented
by December 1984.

Reagan caiicd space “our next frontier."
and directed NASA to develop a permanent
manned space station by 1994. He said he
was planning to invite other nations to par-
ticipate in the program.

According to the text. Reagan is requesting
“one-of the largest percentage budget in-
creases" for the Environmental Protection
Agency. He said he is asking the E.P.A. to
focus on toxic waste dutnps, and the cleanup
of the Chesapeake Bay, while doubling
research on acid rain.

He also pledged to seek tuition tax credits
and a constitutional amendment to allow
voluntary prayer in schools. “Why can't
freedom to acknowledge God be enjoyed
again by children in every scltoolroom across
this Itind'l.." Reagan questioned, according to
the text.

“Wc‘must do more to restore discipline to
schools.”.Rcagan maintained. He emphasiz-

ed changing school curriculums back towards
the basics.

“Families need assurance that they and
their loved ones can walk the streets of
America without being afraid." said Reagan.
according to the text. He emphasized that ef-
forts wcre being made to “crack down on

career criminals, organized crime. (and) drug

pushers." said the New York Times text.
Reagan included in his speech a message
directed at “the people ofthe Soviet Union."
He stated that "a nuclear war cannot be won
and must never be fought," and said to the
16>

‘Series of unfortunate events’
blamed far late directories

SinieUtthN‘d onNewhztkot/tllxioyl) - .
r. v . . . .A.

0‘...

By Christine Heifelt
\‘I.-II'IV‘ II’RI’ szt’

After a five-month delay leading
to inconvenience and frustration.
the student directory may finally be
coming out next week. according to
Sorell Chesin, Assistant Vice Presi-
dent for University Affairs. A new
firm called Clark and Moore, was
hired to produce the directory. and
"the company had a lot of business
problems." said Chesin.

During a phone interview Thurs-
day, Kerk Moore'. head of Clark
and Moore, stated that the direc-
tory is “on its way. We are shooting
for this Friday or Monday." Moore
did not cite specific reasons for the
five month delay. but maintained
that “a series of unfortunate events
came up, and unseen things went
wrong. it was not supposed to hop-
pen. httt it did. and believe me it
was not fun," he said.

 

Cltesin said he has not determin-

ED MARUESICN UPS

ed who will produce the directory
next year, but he did say it would
not be the present company being
used.

Cltcsin noted that. “It's the first
time this has ever happened." The
university was in a bind. according
to Chesin. "We were on the one
hand tempted to tell Moore to
forget the whole thing and we
would do our own directory. But
now it's too late, because financial-
ly we just didn‘t have the money
needed," he explained. III

 

 

 

_. ,, ,wwvb-aWuuwuw-s: ,

 

