  
  
       
    
   
    
                
   
       
      
    
        
             
             
         
      
    
     

  
   

 
  

 

. ".

 

 

  
   
    

  

‘§.rlr.v

‘ ll
415011135; “05.95

'. ‘.‘.rr

RLlA

 

 

  

. I N?
Nil
M L l. .ttttt MC am
4‘ 4y ‘-
tr ifmmfs V‘bkﬂlc’r
P ONE.
 g ,

I (nurture

 
 

 

CrrtIrr

For/60mm?
Wr

' me 75”"
n: if“:

,1»; .

    

.I/r

,_.

 

wrm no“ turtch
L005£"60UNO or

   

ream/f

4: t2.ch srcrttruo, rsrcussrovavocrts
y JOHN(BUIZ)EOFF,LEADGUiTlKaVOCALS

k BAD BOB MDSLYN, BA“ GUITAR.

s‘r CiliLl5 CULNIK, KEYEDALDS (4 VDGLLS

“an? or "’
65% 75M

Fflltllllifttlill. Alllll‘fﬂlﬂ‘fliillilS

,‘r DIAMOND JIM CDLLElTl,6lX£$,GUlTAlL «VOCALS

4! GlLES (Jibétlki'. VllblllU5 SAXAPHUNES

fr Dll. CriLUbElLJtLUMPLT‘

yALL "OU‘Y OF CONTROl: Tart. wiretaps

 

jeogﬂ to” AT scorn:

 

M Ma Snackﬁat‘Special waclad

mm rum:
in 5 1.: 7w: f
. fact!”
4:

MI A at.

lirriueraitu Auxiliary] Etruirta E-varurureb

.ll.‘\'.‘,.. Manhuntqu

, lama

[A

t’-  l-.‘
RY- for

 

 
  

tilt-l . v
4934.. .   ....

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The

Pre-Health Professionals Clu

presents:

Dr.

Ron Wells,

7PM

Pro-Health Club

-and-

Dr. H. Tedeschi,
Prof. of Biology

 

Admissions Director

SA Fundy

bi

Upstate Medical college

L06 '
Monday, Feb. 13

Sponsored By:

"Albany ‘sWimmers beaten
by" Division One Vermont I

 

8 Adam Goodman

smr'r' awn-rs

It was a tough week for the Albany State
men's swimming team as they drOpped two
meets in the last six days.

The Danes. whose record is now even at
5-5. knew that in Division I Vermont and
Cortland. they would be facing two very
strong schools. Tirey of course gave it their

’ best effort, but twice ended up short.

On Saturday. the Danes hosted SUNYAC
rival Cortland. The Red Dragons stopped the
Danes 68-45. brrt the meet was closer than the
score might indicate. in fact. it was a seesaw

‘ battle for mtrch of the afternoon.

Albany opened in impressive fashion winn-
ing the 400 medley relay with a trme of
3:5i.3i. led by personal best splits from Jeff
Kennedy (59.44) and Ted Ober (1:02.07).
Next came the 1000 free. usually one of
Albany‘s strongest races. Unfortunately. the
same holds true for Cortland. as they possess
the defending SUNYAC cirampion in the
event. Cortland swept the race. tying the
meet.

Albany then jumped ahead via a spec-
tacular performance from sprinter .Fred
Greenbaum. He won the 50 free With a
season best of 122.72. just two tenths of a‘se-
cond off the school record set by Steve
Rehtoss. Kennedy added .to the lead with a
victory in the 200 l.M. (2:07.74).

But as the diving events rolled around. the
Danes knew they were in trouble. Cortland
features probably the strongest diving squad
in the SUNYAC. propelled by Jeff Holden.
whom Albany Conch Joe Shore calls one of
the best divers in the nation in Division ill.
Cortland won both the l.M. and 3M diving
events by a combined score of 16-2. sealing

By Michael Skoiz‘rick
STIII‘I" It'll/HER

Wednesday afternoon.
women’s swimming team went to Vermont to
face a tough Division 1 squad. They ended rrp

12-l\ Despite the 1055, many records were
broken in this meet and Head Coach Joe
Shore said, “This was definitely the best per-
formance of the season for us."

in what is now becoming a routine. the 200
yard medley tcatrr of Linda Ccrky. Wendy
Cedar. Janet Boman atrd Kris Monahan won
in a time of 1559.83. Although the learn lras
performed well all year. this was only the se-
cottd tlnrc this year the learn swam under the
two minute mark.

Another remarkable accomplishment was
Nancy Sinilh‘s time in the 1000 yard
freestyle. Site dropped‘ an incredible 11
seconds off her previous best time.

Carol Pearl had another in a corrtinrring
series of outstanding races. She won both the

 

 

 

the Albany

losing 58-55 which brings their record to.

Men fall back to .500 mark

the meet. Cortland went on to win the day‘s
final event. the 400 free relay, but not before
Ober came back to score a personal best time
of 258.89 in the 100 backstroke.

Against Vermont. 8 Division 1 school. the
Danes realistically knew that they were tn
over their heads. Earlier in the season. Ver-
mont showed how strong they were by,
managing a second place finish in the Great
Dane Relays. Wednesday afternoon was no
surprise. as Vermont rolled to a 76-37 vic-
tory.

For Albany, though. the day was not
without some excitement. Ober, who just five
days earlier came within two-hundreths of a
second of a school record in the 100
backstroke vs. Cortland. borrnccd back to set
an Albany State record in the 100
breaststroke. with a time 001102.27. The
previous record holder was none other than
Albany's own assistant coach. Frank Henrer.

Ober went on to score a personal best of
2:08.28 in the 200 l.M.. which he won.
Coach Shore also pointed out good perfor-
mances by Bill Meier. who set personal bests
in the 200 and 100 freestyle events. with times

of 1:54.95 and :51.61 respectively. and Dean 1

Wilson, who set a personal best in the 100
breaststroke. Nevertheless. even such good
performances couldn’t stop powerful Ver-
mont from rotnping over the Danes.

POOISIDE NOTES: Albany will travel to
Binghamton for a' meet on Saturday...With
just three more meets, coach Shore expects
his club to finish strong against lesser clubs
such as Union and Oswego...The SUNYAC
championships will begin March ist...Coaeh
Shore expects 14 of his swimmers to qualify
for the championship. Ll

Women drop first of year

200 and 500 freestyle in tltncs of 2:06.47 atrd
5:38.71. Boman will join diver Jane Klotz at
the NCAA national championships. as she
qualified in the 100 yard butterfly in a sclrooi
and pool record time of 1:01.55. She also
won the 50 yard freestyle in a new school
record time of :25.52. In the 100 yard
breastroke Linda Cerky broke the school
record with a time of 1:15.52.

Going into the final event Albany was
leading 55-51. Tire final event was the 400
yard freestyle relay. Albany knocked a frtil 4
seconds off the old Albany record but wound
rrp on the short end.

in commenting about the meet, coach
Shore said. “i was disappointed that we lost
but at the same time very proud of the way
the girls swam. We have no control over the
other teanr and my job as coach is to see that
our times are the best they can be. Evert
though we lost this meet i believe we achieved
our primary goals." i' l

 

 

 

. , UPS
Albany's women swimmers suffered their first loss of the year against. Division I Var.
mont, but Janet Boman qualified for the NGAAc.

 

    

JV Dns win fifth straig
I E N... -

ED MARUSSICM UPS
Kevin Mann sets to release the ball as Curtis Oliver (24) looks on. This was Mann's

first game back since he was injured against St. Rose.

Albany wrestlers gear up

By Marc Berman
ASSOFIA rr: SPORTS mums

Last season the Albany State wrestling
team placed third at the SUNYAC Cirarn-
piouship which was their higircst finish in 18
years.

This year's club. tlrougir not expected to
drrplieate last season's strong pcrforrrrancc.
are still optimistic of their iropcs as they
travel to Potsdam to compete itr the
SUNYAC Championships.

The Championships. which will consist of
the eight SUNYAC wrestling teams. begin
tonight and conclude tomorrow afternoon.

Most wrestling experts agree that the
SUNYAC wrestling conference is one of. if
not the strongest leagues irr Division iii. A
SUNY learn has captured the National titlc
Itve of the last seven seasons and cotrtirrrrtrlly
qualify the most wrestlers for the Natiotral
Tourrranrcnt.

Still, the Danes are looking to place
sonrewircrc in the middle of the pack. iittl

' more importantly. the Danes are hoping at

least three wrestlers will finish third or better
rn tlrcir respective weiglrtclt 's'cs. A third
Place finish would qrralify a wrestler for the
National Championships. to be held in two
weeks at Binghanrton.

 

. The three best bets to qualify from Albany
lot the Nationals are their three lightest
\verglrt classes. Two-time All American Dave
Averill is a srrre bet to at least l'inislr tirird.
and ire is hoping to place first as ire did last
)tcar. However. last season he was wrestling

‘ at a lighter 118 pounds.

Presently at 126 porrnds. Averill will be
facrng stiff competition in Onconta's senior
Desmond Basnight. wire is the only wrestler
‘0 have beaten Averill in the dual rncct
“9350". Basniglrt slurt out the Albany State
caDtain 6-0.

"That won't happen again." vowed
A"0"”. whose dual meet record was 15-1. 1
Wm" “'5‘ Place and i know i can get it ifl
“’WSllc well.“

 

 

FR’DAK FEBRUARYla'mr n ALBANYSTUbENr‘PRass  19'

ht; top New Patrz. "so-.74 -

  

y Dean Chang
rnmmmr. ,tsslxrANr

The Albany State men's junior varsity
basketball team held their composure and
withstood a second-half challenge from the
. New Paltz Hawks to gain their fifth straight

' win, 80-74.

Tire Danes weren‘t playing with the same
intensity that was prevalent in last week's vic-
tory against Union. As a result. the Hawks
came out and took a quick lead in the first
two minutes. 6-0. Tirat surprised Head

I. Coach Jirrr lloland.

“We trrrdercstinrated their team." said.
Boland. “Lain year they weren't tirat good.
and this year they were beaten by a mediocre
Ftrlton-lvlorrtgomcry tcarrr. They were nrucit
better than I thought."

Tire Danes sported a ttcw offense iii the
first half. Instead of the guards taking out~
side shots. the focus ol' the Danes' offense
shifted to the big trrcrr. Albarry continually
passed up the outside shot in favor of dishing
off to tr cutting Rich Chapman. (‘oaclr
llolarrd has wanted to get Chapman trror'c irr-
volvctl irr the offense for weeks. ()n Wednes-
day night. he got his wish.

Against the New l’trlt/ lone. ('lrnprnrm
repeatedly cut tlrrotrglr tire rrriddlc rrngtrttrd~
ed. “When 1 cttt across. there are usually two
defenders on me." said Clraprrran. "If they
botlr cover me. that will lerrtc the other
postman wide open. When one guy cotct‘s rrrc
in tire trriddic. it opens things up a hit."
Chapman scored 14 of the tctttrr‘s 33 first-
lralf points.

In the second half. the Hawks came ottt
strongly and kept the gttrrrc close with strong
offensive rcboutrdirrg. Chapman's job is to
cotrtroi the boards. but he picked rrp his
fourth foul just three minutes into the second
half. “They were a dirty team underneath the
boards." said Chapman. "They would hold
the back of your shirts so you couldn‘t go
after the rcborrnd. And when you managed
to get ltp for a rebound. they would push you
in the back." .

With Chapman sitting on the bench.
guards Drrane Corley and Frceye Storey were

 
  

   

 

formfoda y ’3 SUN YA Cs

 

forced to take over the offense. Corley cf fec-
tively penetrated the zone while Storey was
connecting on outside shots. “Freeze played
a very good game." said Boiand. "He always

. plays a good defensive game. but tonight he
sparked us on offense."

Midway Luggagh the second half. the
Hawks took their first lead sinee the opening
tninrrtes of the game. Momentum was clearly
on New Paltz's side. but the Danes refused to
quit. Eight of the Danes‘ next i2 points were

scored by Storey to put them up by six.‘

61-55. With the Danes in the bonus situa-
_tion. New Fall: was forced to foul. Foul
shooting has been something that Albany ltns
worked on intensely for the past few weeks.
Nevertheless. the Danes turned a six point
lead into a one point lead-by shooting 3-7
from the line.

in the past few games. Curtis Oliver has
errrerged as the man to go to in pressttrc situa-
tions. This game was no exception. With the
score 66-65 Albany, Oliver lrit both ends of n
one-and-onc. At the other crrd of the court.
()livcr deflected a pass meant for Hawk
Maurice Milan. Milan was the Hawks‘ big-
gest threat inside. brrt New l’aIII went to the
well once too often. After the deflection.
(‘or'lcy picked up the ball attd dished ol'l‘vro
()liver who got l'oulcd. His two foul shots
gave the Danes a five point lead. Of the
Drrtrcs‘ Inst 14 poitrts. Oliver scored 10 of
them; six of those points were front the line.
“We're starting to realize who to go to in the
clutch." said lioland. “Rich. Duane and
especially Curtis are really doing great jobs
down the stretch."

Albany's delay game itas been steadily irn-
proving as the season progresses. Against
New Paltz. it worked to perfection. Albany
didn‘t eornrrrit any turnovers; a cairn. patient
offense worked the ball around well.

RIM SHOTS: Despite missing a good part of
the second half, Chapman led the learn with
20 points and 12 rebounds...0|iver threw in
18 points. Storey contributed 14 and Corley
added 16...The Danes‘ record now slands‘ut
134. e t

.

   
   

 

 

ups
Two time All-American Dave Averill will attempt to duplicate his first place finish in last year's SUNYAC wrestling tournament

when he competes in this year's tournament this weekend. Averill chalked up a 15-1 dual meet record this year.

Two Albany State I'rcsltmcrr are also vying
to place. litl potrnd Shawn Sheldon and 134
pound .iohrr llaiog.

llalog. whose dual-meet record is 1 1-3. was
a Section ill champion at Rome High
School. Now he is selling his sights on more
lofty goals: “l'rn going to wrestle my
hardest." ire said. "and i just want to still be
wrestling trvtMVceks from now."

llalog’s most l'ot‘trridahlc opponent will be
liingiramton's Joirn Egitto. who edged out

the Dane 134 potrnder 7-4 earlier in the year.

118 pound Sheldon, who finished third in
New York last year wrestling for
Voor'lrccsviile High School. is also given a
legitinrate shot at placing in the top tirrcc.
Based on his 12-4 record. some Dane
wrestlers 1‘ch he could win it all.

Tire rest of tire Darrcs’ squad will have to
pull many an upset if they are to place. 167
pound Sandy Adclstein might be the Danes'
darkhorse. His record is i0-6 this season and

his improvement has been steady all season.

Coach Joe DeMeo is cautiously op-

timistic about the rest of the team's chances:
“it's the toughest league in Divison it.” said
DeMeo. “l'd be very happy to finish
someltcre in the middle." .

TAKE DOWNS: The tenth traveled to
Potsdam yesterday afternoon except for
l)eM_eo. whovwlll meet them there today.
DeMeo's wife is expecting to give birth any-
dtry now. E]

 

Hymnuln

as. .Mmmﬁ. ..

 
   

fut an." e..—

. slow-WW... .‘

<~ s a. g»;

“kwms .

new“ '

