  
 

 

 

  
 
   
   
     
     
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

 

t
i

 

  

 

0.,AseEcrs .ON.TUESDAY. .

 

first album. Orte Step Beyond. they
took their place as one of tire main
’ bands in the new "ska" movetttent, Ska is

I n 1979. when Madness released their

more or less a faster type of reggae. although ‘

reggae Itself 'was a branching out of the
original ska tnoventettt of the sixties. The
name Madness was derived (ruin the Prince
Buster song of the satnw name. Prince
Buster. by the way. was the heart of the
original ska movement. along with the
Skatalites. Don Drummottd. and Rita
Marley. Though Madness was grouped with
such other bands as Bad Manners. The
Specials. The Selector. and The English
Beat. they saw their sound as something uni-
que. despite the fact that their songs "One
Step Beyond" and "Night Boat to Cairo" are
ska benchmarks. Sax player Lee Thompson
coined the phrase "nutty sound" to refer'to
Madness' brand of music.

 

Joe Romano

 

Back in those early days. the seven band
members were known as "Monsieur Barso."
"Chrissy Boy." “Suggs.” "Bedders." "Kix."
"Woody Woods." and "Chas Smash."They
were. and still are. a very comical and en-
joyable band. and a nicer bunch of guys
you'll never meet. Their next two albums.
Absolutely and Seven. kept up that "nutty
sound" Madness was famous for with such

“Anyone who could listen lo
Madness and not have the uncon-
trollable urge to bounce all around
the room nun have been dead for a

few years."

 

 

 

songs as "Baggy Trousers" and Cardiac Ar-
rest." Why the term nutty? Guitarist Chris
Foreman answered. “'cos our music sounds
like fairgrounds and organs and things. it
sounds nutty."

i'd have to agree with that assessment.
Anyone who could listen to Madness and
not have an uncontrollable urge to bounce
all around the room must have been dead
for a few years.

On the Seven album. though. such songs
as “it Must Be Love." and “Grey Day." a
couple of slower. more subdued numbers.
signalled an upcoming change. The release
of a compilation album. Complete Madness.
seemed to be a turning point in the musical
life of the band. Other bands in the general
“ska” movement were either breaking up or
changing their style. and Madness also saw
the need for change.

The change came with their next album. The
Rise and Fall of Madness. The songs were
much more controlled. low-key productions.
and. aside from one or two real gems. the
album was generally flat. The boys had gone
a little too far in' the opposite direction from
their previous sryle. The nicknames were
dropped. and the band members were now
known as Mike Barson (keyboards). Chris
Foreman (guitar). Mark Bedford (bass).
Daniel Woodgate (drums). Lee Thompson

 

 

a‘dn'e'ss'Is Stil‘

 
 

 

(sax). Graham McPherson (vocals). and
most importantly. Carl Smyth (vocals).
Stnyth. formerly known as Chas Smash. had
been the trademark of the Madness nut-
tlness. with his various shouts and fancy
footwork. The name changes. attd the

 

 

'"   ' Vinyl Views

1 Moving '

 

   

song split 50 percent of the royalties. and the
rest of the band members split 50 percent.
Since the songwriting chores are shared out
pretty evenly among the band, this ltas been
a successful formula.

The LP begins with the title cut. "Keep

 

movetnent of Smyth to co-vocalist marked a
general push to integrate the vocal sound of
the band to a smoother. more melodious
one. Rise artd Fall also marked a commercial
breakthrough for the group with the top 40
single "Our House."which landed them a
contract with Geffen records.

After a domestically released compilation.
Madness. we arrive at the present. and the
hands seventh and latest release Keep Mou-
mg.

They certainly have done 50, Their music

has moved front ska to nutty to subdued.

and they have now reached a happy
tnedium. with an even more polished
sound. The album has iis flashes of nut-
tiness. laced with the more controlled sound
of Rise and Fall. and is highlighted
throughout by outstanding vocals. The in-
struments meld together better than they
ever have before. and the band has matured
still further irt it's sound. One of the reasons
that Madness has managed to remain intact
so long. after so many style changes. is that
not only do they work well together. but the
band members are genuine friends. They
also have a financial agreement that works
quite well for them. The composers of each

 

 

Moving." which is one of the better cuts. a
slower paced. smooth number with a catchy
chorus. which is what much of Rise and Fall
lacked. Lee Thompson and guest artist TKO
provide some great hornwork. and the bass
of Dan Woodgate |s_f|aw|ess.

Next up‘ is the previously released import
single. "Wings of a Dove." This is the best
cut on the album. a very upbeat. bouncy
number highlighted by the backing vocals of
the "Pentecostal First Born Church of the
Living God Inspirational Choir." and
Woodgates drums. “Creighton Steel
bounds" add steel drums which. coupled
with Foreman‘s island guitar riffs. give the
song some Caribbean flavor.

ilte domestic single from the album. "Sun
and the Rain."is the third cut. and another
potential hit off the LP. it begins with a nice
piano solo by Barson. and then breaks into a
very catchy song that makes you .tant to get
up and go. Sm'yth and McPherson sound
great together. with Smyth providing the
harmony for MacPherson's lead. The cut
also features strings arranged by David Bed.
ford. and a rare guitar solo by Foreman. The
band sounds very tight and professional thus

far. each member doirtg his sltrtre
one trying to shine alone itt the limelight
My favorite song is "Mttl'i'll of if .
Gherkins." and that comes fifth on "
album. it is by far the nuttlesi (ill on tilt;

and tr.)

the

d I lli’“
recor . arnost reminiscent of tllt’ days til
Chas Smash and Monsieur lirtrxo it Is u].

dated. though. in that it is [iliitllitt’ll rntrt-i
better. and sounds mot c’ polislrr‘tl l'lreprt.1
duction work was (forte by Clive Longer and
Alan Winstanley. who deserve ( it'llll int .m
excellent job. This [)t‘illlt’liltti strtrq .5
highlighted by dreamy strings llt’klfltlil's
bass. and Thompson's lint‘trs
“ Next up Is a very Critnk‘rtl llllllllll’l.
Micheal Caine." which features the actor
himself saying "My name is Michael Ctrint- "
it is a very melodious tune. wtth
McPherson’s excellent Vocals. backed by
Smyth's. as Well as a couple of lrtdres kllitu‘n
as "Afrodizlak." This song is a prime exam-
ple of the concerted effort to upgrade and
emphasize the vocal aspect of Madness

Side Two begins with "Prospects." a
slower. subdued number similar to the type
of song on Rise and Fall. though it is
' nowhere near flat. Barson's keyboards give
the aura of walking through a circus
falrground, as Lee Thompson f)l1l\USd trrean
sax throughout the track.

"Victoria Gardens" follows next. zrnti in
very English Beat sounding tune. with good
reason. General Public (aka. Dove Wake!
ing and Ranking Roger. formerly of the
Beat) sing along with McPherson. and
Thompson sounds remarkably like the Bear's
former sax player. “Saxa.” The Sting rs t'tlsti
reminiscent of the earlier days of the linglrslt
ska movement. The next cut. “Snrnrtntitn.”
is the sleeper on the album. it is it rnorltzttrteiy
paced. funky love song with a grunt linssirrte
courtesy of Mark Bedford's plucking irngets
This Is followed by one of the mint ex-
perimental songs on the album. "()tre iietret
Day." No matter how you slice Ii. thrs track
still sounds like tango music that you'd hear
in some ritzy nightclub.

The back cover of the album itnnttres d
multiple choice test about the [\L‘t'lU’ sotth
on the album. after each song listed. you get
a choice of three answers to it Question con-
cernlng "5 lyrics. A! the end. you setttl .rll llli’
answers to an address in London The
reward for accomplishing this iu.rt i\
unknown. but it just goes to show Litii ttrtt:
Madness' sense of humor is still lltittt! tilitl
no matter what Changes ilti’ litiiiil
undergoes. one live concert wrll tilli'wl iH lltt‘
fact that they are as nutty as ever

Overall. Keep Moving is ("I v-r-‘llt'tti
album. it is an LP which will pit-ow l\ltlilllL'\‘
fans. both new and old. It is also trtmzltlt
their best complete effort since lliL‘ti rlcirttt
album. five years ago. it is a \Vcll'itilttllllt’ll

well-written. well-performed alburrt uhtrlr
reasserts the dominance and bright future of
this relatively young band. who litt\‘L’
escaped both the doldrums of iiittittritrtty
and the route of the quick sell-out Mute ttn-
portantly. any listener will thoroughly t'Iil‘ti'
It. jump around to it. and pttt I! back lit the
record cover with a canto-ear grrrr trtt ltlS or
her face.

Just remember. Madness is (ill in Iltt.’
mind! .

 

 

 

 

In l°d°Y'5 “WC Sfrli’r Jim

lhe Time Traveler has taken
Ofr's back. in time. to meef'at
Pirate, How‘s lhaf’ for a pfq'l‘?

 

‘ .
HELLO No-BEARD.AREN‘T
You PIRATES SUPPOSED ro
HAVE A PARROT ON roux

SHOULDER ?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ARRRRR! t WENT To THE

PET STORE BUT THEY DIDN'T
HAVE ANY bLOOMlN' PARRoTs
LEFT' I At) To TAKE WHAT

I COULD GET!

6 )l

\\

 

 

 

 

Wf AGOLDFrSHjtlZ ‘

 
 

'L

 

 

 

MARCH 20' 1984

 

 

MARCH 20. 1984- ~ 

Sitting

here she is ~ that Inconsiderate slob in
the lime green sweats. returning to the

laundry room to continue her dirty work.
Half an hour ago she yanked some poor sod's
wet clothing out of washing machine to make
room for her flthly stuff. oblivious to the fact
that clean underwear and socks were falling to
the scummy. lint-covered floor. Oh no —— she
doesn't notice — she gives no thought to her
fellow human beings. much less a fellow
SUNYA student. She'd probably sell her own
grandmother to the circus for a . . .

 

Jeanne Canavan

 

Oh lovely. Just wonderful. Some blg lock is
checking for empty dryers. Doesn't he know
that when you open the doors the motors stop
and you have to press the button to start them
up again? Does it really matter? After all. when
you come downstairs after an hour and your
laundry is still soaking wet and you have to go
to class and , . .

Now What Is the lime woman doing? She's
taking clothes out of a dryer so she can put her
own stuff in. Ten to one those clothes are still
damp. lsn't it great to cotne down and find
that your clothes have been removed from the
dryer before they have been dried? We're talk-
ing mildew here! But. you know. there is one
thing you can do about it. You know for a fact
that the guilty party's clothing is in "your"

‘dryer. and you can open that door and look

around for a second. and then go upstairs. Sil-
ly of you to forget to push that little button.
wasn't it? Oh well.

Now who does this nltwlt think she is? She's
flapping her arm like a deranged . . . Oh —
she's cleaning off the llnt filter from her dryer.
How nice of her to share her lint with
everybody in the room. She's not one for
discreetly placing it in back of the dryer. or
stranger yet. In the garbage can — she wants
to make sure that it is evenly dispersed
throughout the room. Of course. we all ap-
preciate the gesture. i think i feel an allergy at-
tack comlng on.

That does it — the lime green wench has
committed the ultimate crime; she left that
damp load of wash in a crumpled heap on top
of the dryer. She has dropped to the lowest
category of laundry room creeps —— (soap)
scL n. There is no horror comparable to (in-
ding your freshly cleaned laundry in this
abominable condition —— you might as well
start all over again! Each article of clothing has
now been granted its own distinct set of unat-
tractive wrinkles. which can be eradicated only
by t'ewasltlng and drying. or worse yet. lron~
ing. I know that most people have nothing bet-
ter to do than spend six or seven hours ironing
sweatshirts and jeans.

All The Changes,

uzz buzz‘ buzz — why do the lights in
the library have to buzz? Girls are at
the next table whispering. snickering

— l hate people who snicker. “What is it
now? No. i don't have a pencil."

~C.M. Kaplan

Constant interruption. I can't concentrate.
i can't think straight! Gibber gabber glbber
gabber. How can they concentrate? There Is
so much work to do. l work and work and
read and read and the wind is howling out~
side. i wonder how long it'll be before the
leaves change? Fall is such a pretty time —
the reds and oranges of the leaves. A time of
change. Change is all over. Look at my life
changing. my thoughts changing. my mind
changing. always changing. i can’t write
anymore. My mind. “Mind if you leave? No.
go ahead."

 

 

That's the name of a candy bar that my
brother likes, _ My brother. 1 love you.
Shhhhhhhhl Obnoxious girls. i can't concenv
Irate, Books. Best sellers. I love best sellers.
He said to me “Best sellers are trashy.“ Do
you know i still remember that? i can see his
face as l described a scene from a novel.
They're trashy. Classics — we must read
classics for college and for our SAT's. SAT's:
their scores branded on my record. Oberlin.
Cornell: faded dreams. "We're sorry." they

 

Penpcctives

rough The

 

spin Cycle

  
 
 

- 7 Aspects d‘r’rruaéb‘m 9?

 

 

 

Here comes a decent looking young
woman. i doubt she‘ll find a washing machine.
though. it's pretty packed down here. Oh.
she's taking wet clothes out of a machine. 1
hope she proves more responsible than that
green woman . . . Oh. how sweet. She's ac-
tually putting them into a dryer. Now that's
considerate. it kind of gives you faith in the old
human race again . . .

Now here is a guy who obviously has not
done his laundry in a long while —- everything
seems to be a sort of washed-out greylsh color
and kind of limp. Gross. l'll bet he hasn't even.
changed his sheets all semester —- they're pro—
bably all srlff and . . .What on earth is he do-
ing? l believe he is removing his socks and
throwing them into the washer! it's already
stuffed to the brim and , . . Oh! His feet are
disgusting. They've got corns and things on
them and he obviously hasn't cut his toenails
in abc ut six months and there are lint and soap
granules and dirty water all over the floor and
he's stepping in it! Sickening. I hope he
doesn't intend to wash his underwear. too.

Oh —— there‘s the owner of the clothes so
gracefully put in the dryer by the decent-
looking young wotttan. She does ttot look
pleased. She found her clothes. alright. but

she doesn't seem too happy about it. Now
she's digging furiously through the dryer. snat-
ching up some of them. and marchan out in a
ibuff. i believe she's upset.

Watch out — she's back. i hope she‘s not
planning to do something nasty. like pouring
bleach in the woman's wash. i might be forced
to intervene. and considering the look on her
face. the idea does not thrill me. Oh good —-
she's just taping a note to the washing
machine. I'd be willing to bet it's not a thank
you note. though. I think l'll just meander over
and check . . . Correct. it is not a note of
gratitude. In fact. it's downright insulting! Ap-
parently this woman is not in the habit of dry-
ing her sweaters irt the machine. Now. i can
see her point. but i find that comment abour
v the woman‘s mother unnecessary.

t Oh no. Here comes the poor Woman.
Maybe she won't see the note (how can she
miss it? lcan practically see smoke rising from
it). She. saw it — now she's reading it. Now
she's looking hesitiantly from side to side,
Boy. is her face red. She's unloading that
washer with liglttning speed. Look at those
hands go! Don‘t want to get caught unloading
that machine! Now she's running out of the

 

room. l'd slow down sister. it's sli )er
5’

Always

 

 
 
 

1'3:

 

said. "We're so sorry." False smiles with big
white teeth. Gleem-gleem, i'd have never
made It; low if). you know. Not their kind of
college material. What does it take? Please
take a number. Number 24. Just an insignifi-
cant number. The bells are ringing. Summer

 

' l
nights. Where did they go? What happened?
'The hair cut was totally different. Curled and
so. so neat. The dress so perfect. the figure
tanned and lean. The dew is on the grass. 1
mashed a bug on my new sandal. Ap-
prehension. it is 3 am. The bells rang. What

 

 

   

in . . . Oh lord. please don't let me laugh at
the sight of this poor girl sprawled out on the
floor. 1 really do not want to laugh. Good.
she's gone.

And here comes some guy looking for a
dryer -— he's feeling the tops to check for heat.
Enjoying yourself. buddy? You're not feeling
this dryer. that's for sure. because l'm sitting
right on top like a buddha. guarding my pros
perty. Last week one of my friends had a
brand-new pair of Levi‘s stolen. We put our
note on the dryer. mentioning the fact that she
had an infectious skin disease on her legs. (Let
the creep suffer). i don't allow anyone‘to mess
with my stuff — no way. Anyone who comes
treat my dryer gets a glare from me. 1' ve been
sitting in this hot. stuffy rt for 50 minutes
(except for a quick trip upstart to get a soda).
and my clothes will be dry in 10 more
minutes. and . . . wait a second. This dryer
doesn't feel very warm — in fact. it’s stone
cold! Oh lord. tl istt't even running! My clothes
are still soaking wet! Somebody must have
sabotaged it while I was upstairs! All this time
in this suffocating sweatbox for . . . All right.
that does it. Revenge. i think 1']! stop the lime-
woman's dryer.

She deserves it. Ll

are we doing walking around here at such a
late hour? Bye! Eye! The rain is coming
down. i can't cry. Why can't l cry? i just lost
my life. See? There he goes in brown pants
and a red plaid shirt. What do i care if it '
doesn't match. Mom? The trim really does
go alright on the dress. Laughter, Peachjs
peach. it's beautiful. Peach with lace. My
favorite. My favorite was you and you're
gone. The rain fell and the water washed
away the toe i knew and loved. Yeah. down
the sidewalk into the gutter. l’m there now.
Groping and groveling around. Yes. yes you
can come down and we can make the cherry
pie and no. my Dad isn't mad about the
other night and will your Mom let you have
the car and can you bring more cherries and
why are we cut off? Heart beat, What hap-
pened? Heart beat. Beat. The line is dead!
Stillness. N0 feeling. no response. Wottld
you look this way please? Thank you. Just
one more imprint in my mind — thanks.
Hey. have a nice life. We must be Inquisitive.
I stopped wondering. l'm crying. Wow! Is the
lifeless fish feeling something? "Number
twenty-four? Number twenty-four? May l
have your attention please. who is number
twenty-four? We're waiting for number
twenty-four. Does anyone know where
number twenty-four is? Who Is number
twenty-four?" 1 don't know. l'm sorry I can't
help you. but i can't. because i honestly
Cl

 

don’t know.

 

 

