    

 

 

'WP-w. . ..

ﬁn.»

_. i-.._

. e , Asa—.44».

 

em.“ . We. .\

Th ’ ' ' ' do

"If tlte Lord is our light, Our strength and
‘our salvation, whom shall wefear, of whom
shall we be afraid? No matter where we live;
we have a promise that can make all the dif-
ference —— a promise from Jesus to soothe our
sorrows, heal our hearts and drive aivay our
fears. He promised there will never be a dark
night that does not end. Our weeping may en-
dure/or a night, but jo y comet/Mn the morn-
ing. He promised if our hearts are true, His
love will be sure as sunlight. A ad I). v d vingfor
as, Jesus showed us howfar our love should

be ready to go: all the way. " r
—Ronald Reagan (The-Nett- I'or/r Titties)

These eloquent litres, wltile fine for a Sunday sch
tnon or even a pre-game pep talk. are dangerous open:
ing remarks for a presidential campaign. Ilettteen
R-agau‘s rhetorical barrage and his attempts to see
prayer itt public schools become law, freedom and

nt’s prayer
constitutional rigltts are once again under attack by the
conservative movement. . . ‘
The separation of church and state  one ol the
basic tenets of American life. It's in the Btll ol Rights.
This doesn‘t seem to be stopping our president,
however, as he tuovcs to regain the support ol the
cltristian conservatives who pttt him in office. .
One of the greatest rights guaranteed to American
citizens is the freedom to practice — or not practice —
the religion of their choice withottt interference lrotn
the government. Rcagatt Administration pressure on
(‘oncrcss to legaliie prayer in schools is an attack on
these freedoms and rights. It is an attetnpt by reac-
tionarv right wingers to force their self-righteous ideals
upon 'tltc nation. Their delusions about what the
American way of life should be pose a threat to the
way it really is. .
We are a ttatiott who fights for freedom, not lor
pressuring little children to worsltip the christian
establishment‘s concept of the supreme being. Public
schools (note the word public) are tttt arm of the state.
They should, then, be allowed to play an official and
integral role in preserving this constitutional l‘t'ccdotn.

:Wiua-ynm..mmm ..,.H..-.._......

 

They should not be a vehicle through which it mm”
cr'oup promotes its own ethnoccntrie morality.
h' The assurances of Reagan and his cottsett‘athe
cohorts that. prayer would be “voluntary” aim
nothing to hide their true intentions. Under this guise,
they claim to be promoting religious freedom.

The public school system is desrgncd to make
students live up to various expectations. Voluntary or
not. allowing prayer in schools will leave students t‘rrc.
ing an added dimension of pressure front their teachers
and their peers. . ‘

Reagan's words, and his hopes of integrating church
and state, pose muelt more than a constitutional
threat. His appeal to the conservative christian power
base which helped win him the clectiott is ot‘t'cntiw m
the great diversity of American faiths — from atheist
to Zen bttddhist. Not only is Reagan eliminating the
religious indifference we prizc in our government, he is
doing s'o clearly to favor one specific religious \ic\\_

If Reagan must resort to attacking the cottslilttliott
and glorifying his own religious prejudices iu ortch to
remain in office, then Americans would hesl sL‘I\c
tlteir interests by voting him ottt. t

‘4

 

 

COLUMN

Attempt to divide and c‘0nquer

On April I9, I960 tltc shunt West Africa People's
Organization (SWAPO) came into being. Its central objec-
tive was the liberation of the people of Namibia front col-
onial oppression and exploitation. The party was dedicated

to the national ttnity and self-reliance iii the struggle for iri-

dependence.

‘Japhet Zwana j

The series of UN resolutions respecting Namibia‘s captive
state did not bring'the slightest change concerning South
African policy. This deepened the disillusioruucnt ot' the
Namibians. At this juncture, “SWAPO had come to the
realization that to rely on UN inlertention to liberate
Namibia was to leave the liberation to mere chalice." At a
national Congress in Windhoek in I96l. the dccisiort was
made to launch a vigorous armed struggle. IIettsecn was-65
bands of militants returned as trained guerrillas from Aswad
and set up rural bases to train the local “sons and daughters
of the soil."

On July l8, I966, the World Court failed to deliver a
decisive judgement on the role of South Africa in Namibia.
This was interpreted as the Courts' refusal to act. On the
same day, SWAPO's external headquarters in Tan/ania
released the following statement. “We hate no alternative
but to rise in arms and bring about ottr Iibcration."

In I969 SWAPO was prevented from holding its Annual
National Conress. Instead a consultative Congress was con-
vcncd at Tanga in Tanzania. The Party broadened its scope
to include youth and women and fornted the military wing
know as'the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN).
The armed strugglc‘was on.

South Africa's response was predictable. The first clash
between PLAN and the occupation forces occurred in Ovam-
boland. Troops were poured in and rounded up hundreds of
Namibians for rtttbless torture and interrogation. (in August
7, I967. thirty-seven Namibian patriots and nationalists were
paraded for trial in the Sodom and Gomorrah of South
Africa (Pretoria). Among the arcstecs was Herman Toivo Ja
Toivo who had organized the precursor of SWAPO back in
I958. .Ia Toivo suffered immense systematic and repeated
beatings. sleep deprivation and "statue" torture. After some
weeks he suffered from amnesia. On February 8. 1986, twan
ty of the prisioners were awarded life itnprisionment. nine
were given twenty years' hard labor and five received five
years' suspension. Ia Joivo was one of the twenty year
sentence victims and was thrown into Robben Island.

The heading, “South Africa Free Natnibian Naitonalist
After I6 Years' Detention“ which appeared in the March 2,
I984 issue of the New York Titties, look a lot of us by
suspicious surprise.

The facts are:

—Thc nationalist in question is in Toivo.

—Hc is 69 years old.

—No official reason for his release was offered.

—While Toivo was behind bars, co-l'oundcr Sam Nun-
joma assumed Party leadership.

—SWAPO has been instrumental in the efforts to ohtttitl
Namibian independence and disengaging South African lyn-
ching occupation forces from Angola.

—'SWAPO is divided into two factions: The main group is
headquartered ln Angola's Luanda trttdcr Nunjoma. A

 

 

splinter groups (SWAPO Democrats) is based itt Winhock»
Natnibiu.

—Thct'c is little doubt that SWAI’O will score a victory itt
independent Namibian elections.

When all is said, South Africa is bent on winning Natnibiu
accord on its owtt terms. She is being assisted in this by her
most sympathetic and cooperative ally. the U.S.A. A little
tI\t:l' a month ago, Assistant Secretary of State for African
Affairs. Chester Crocker, went to Cape Town where be con-
ferred with Prime Minister Botha and Foreign Minister
Roelot‘ Pik Botha. After the visit the Prime Minister t'old
Parliament that the government was ready to pull out of
Attgola and that this decision was based on: assurances from
the US Administration. Over the past few years the regime
has created the so-eallcd Democratic Turnhalle Alliance as
an alternative to the ubiquitous SWAPO.

Tints. tltcrc is substance to the suspicion that South Africa
has been stalling on the UN backed plan for Namibian in-
dependence because she has been busy grooming a puppet.
Obviously the Turnhallejoke has not been effective in deflec-
ting SWAPO's jobs. It is as been reported recently that

,several South African-backed political parties are meeting in

Namibia to discuss forming a new alliance and dialling a
constitution without free elections.

Is it possible la .loivo is being groomed to set up this new
alliance?

If so, what will be the relationship between in Turin itt
Windhoek and Nunjoma in Luanda?

Will America back the wrong side again — the one httt-
tered by South Africa with Krugerands?

Let it be clear that South Africa's precipitate decision to
recognize the “Winds of Change“ in Namibia is not it result
of change of heart. The joint Namibian-Angolan engage-
ment has dealt the apartheid regime a deep economic wound.
There is double digit inflation, the rand has suffered a 40 per-
cent devaluation. the prime lending rate is a st hopping 20
percent. The lesson for the cititens of the U.S. is that South
Africa is a toothless tiger without the economic propping up
of the almightly dollar, and it is about time they told their
Administration that eventually the American dollar. like
South African oppression will go down. to defeat.

Today Namibia, Tomorrow South Africa!

The author is Associate Director of Afﬁrmative .‘tt'tmlt
and Assistant Professor of Aft'lt‘tttt/Af/‘o-Attlel’it'u/t .S'Irrrlit't
ul SUNYA.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

