 

  

 

. ALCOHOL FREE 9
MALT BEVERAGE -

IMPORTED FROM ’
SWITZERLAND. . . . .

ONLY 50 CALORIES. . . . .

AND, ALCOHOL-FREE I l I I

 

 

 

 

“I?
L

Since 1952,,Londoners' havelbeen trying
to figure out... WHODUNIT?

Now it’s your turn.

AGATHA
_ CHRISHE

The Longest running play EVER.

A University Theatre
Production directed by
Albert Asermely

Main Theatre,

SUNYA Performing Arts Center.
April 4,5, and 7 at 8 p.m.,
April 6' at 7 and 10 pm.
Reservations: 45 7- 8606'

 

 

 

mt,» ‘rtl irir Iii \
..rm wart. rut. liltll It .rwwi «.Aiitrt

‘g
LA
A DIFFERENT KIND
OF FASHION SHOW

AFTER THE snow
DANCE PARTY

 DCJ._ '
-KEGS

  
     

     
 

    
 

 

  
 

.‘l

 

This I. going to he tho molt exciting show ever to
hit the SUNYA campus.

I-‘IIIDA Y, APRIL 6

$3.00 tom card c.c. BALLROOM
$8.50 w-out tax card FROM 9-1

H

 

 

 

SPONSORED BY SUNYA MODELING ASSN.
\ seam-gimme“

I
I
I
I
I
I
I
l
I
I
l
-MUNCHIES i
I
I
I
I
l
I
I
I
I
l
I
l

           

' SA Funded ' a . ad

You are cordially invited
to attend
The Teaching, Advising 6?
Students Association
_ Awards. Banquet
on Tuesday, May 1st, 1984 in
the PatrOon Room Lounge.

 

Cocktail Hour 6:00 pm-7:30pm
Dinner 7:30pm-9:00pm.

 

Tickets on sale in the Contact Office
April 9-12, 24325 $3.00 per person.

While enioying cocktails and dinner, see
your favorite teachers and advisors, along with
active students receive special recognition
for their outstanding performance at SUNYA.’
Questions? Contact: Roxanne 455-6475
Rich 8. 436-9502

All Are Welcome! l

 

“APRIL 6. 1984

 

 

 

ilence‘ is a deafening roar of naked
trulli. There are no falsehoods without
answer's. otin the rotuitd shape of a
question mark lying on a clean bed of brattr it
lies there prostrate. wrlliont coinpulsioirs.
without the need of an answer It's when
society or Western Civilitatton calls. dressed to
the hilt in its promising facade of progress and
improvenrent for all mankind. that

 

James Sales

 

one begins to dread the spoken word the
more oire speaks. the less one believes (or so
you Would think) is it airy Wonder why "public

people': politicians. btisiiiess people. lawyers.

salespeople. preachers. advertising exv
ecutives. con artists (beginning with Pro-
tagoras and the Sophists) etc have always
made the biggest liars? And people eat it up
because they love to hear the tall tale. the
fable. the bedtime story They embrace it as if
it were a loiig lost lover recently returned
home from the front When military exploits
(are related .Wltt) cares what's true and
what isn't just so long as the story pulsates with
feverish escitement and has a neat tight cori-
clusion. At least some of the more decisive
events in the history of Western Civilization
cart be derived from a series of fancy
falsehoods. and tongue twisting pyrotechnics
uttered by, the most daring fanatics and
Charlatans of every persuasion front Christ to
Lenin through Hitler and beyond

l'tii still waiting for the Second Coming and
a kinder race of humanity . . silently. I
would like the next Soviet .‘3 year plan to be
proclaimed iii absolute silence I want to hear
President Reagan say . . .nothing. If only the
former Silent Majority would preach a morality
composed of total silence. I want to hear
Hollywood talk shows conducted entirely iii
sign language. I want . . .

This noisy element of doubt is completely
eliminated when you watch a mime perform.

 

 

Introspect.

. - A Heartbeat Of Silence .

 

 

 

Stripped of all the intellectual baggage and
calculation. he conveys the trnllr of experience
throuin the vehicle of pure action. The mime
says nothing. yet communicates everything.
You stand there in shocking recognition of the
world's movement tlirougltt the action of
movement itself. It's more intriguing that
listening to the most vulgar and detailed
murder confession. since the crime is re-

enacted before your very eyes Everything is
revealed The beirigrr activities of daily lilt.‘. the
inexplicable beauties, the heavy accumulation

of humanity‘s aches and pains all take on a
significance of spiritual proportions when so-
meone like Marcel Marceau interprets them;
for .rt the bottom of the human experience is a
well of silence that words catrnot penetrate. a
vast dungeon ol the Silltl that only movement

' fringes

can liberate.

Blatse Cendrars. a 'brahman in reverse' as

he calls himself has written:
[faction settle ltbere.
Iffle denture tottl.

These words have haunted me in times of
virtual inactivity. whenltlre hum of my own
voice. replete with all kltids of sensational and
convoluted ravings. have failed to fill the void
that otherwise might have been consumed in
the ACT. the DEED. . . . the release that
follows two steps let loose upon the world.

Again front Ceiidrars:

When you love you must learn:

I)rni't ll'fIIIIIpt'I‘ us tutt stitrle

Iion't hide between her breasts

‘ literitlie get up (Ind go
(i0 ('30 (‘10 this is no mindless cheer

treaiiied from the sidelines of a high school
toolball game. but a gnawing realization that
slowly rises and engulfs the particrparrt iii the
soft round tones of a Gregorian chant. At first
they sound as if they might be coming from
the other dimension. loop the outer
from the musical Land of Oz
Then the tones resound quietly. deeply. and
in unison \\tlli the drurii of your own heart.
This is the heartbeat of silence. This is the
vami that has been echoing aloirg the halls
and doorways of the earth since time tin-
memoiial it calls you forward. gently compell»
ing the body to react . . the silence that is
spawned lrorir the depths of the collective nir-
concious Alright alright the tones the sounds
are haunting are resounding it's nice it's wainr
l'm listening I'm sitting on a chair in a room
and sonieoiie's speaking French to me in a
Russian accent. I'm learning two languages
simultaneously . in stereo. and the older I
get the less I speak. I stare straight ahead and

. say nothing liicing liII.’ are two eyes that blink

making the sound of a kiss that goes goauclie
lit the night i get Lip. I go over and kiss the
eyes. the face. the mouth. I love and walk out
of the I'trtilli

 

C’est Moi

i am sitting in a room containing four people. including myself.
Faces are pallid: eyes are glazed. We have a total of perhaps 25 hours

Cabin fever.

sleep between us. Since Saturday.

i started to write this column with a very funny idea in mind. but as
usual. my editor has vetoed it (I should mention here that my idea of
humor involves left—handed yaks and aluminum pool sticks). and as I
sit here trying to think of another fantastic idea. Jim begins making

noises like a poodle.

This is out of character. you understand. so I take a good look

around me.

OK. I say to myself. it’s not as funny as the first one would have

been. but what the hell? Go for it.

The ASP newsroom is a shambles (and anyone who has ever seen
my desk will tell you that when I use the word shambles. the place is a
mess.) David (L.L.) Laskin. editor in chief of the paper. is sprawled
out on the couch rubbing his beard reflectively. while News Editor
Heidi (Jo) Gralla sits behind a desk making vaguely disparaging
remarks about my section. and thinks of all the places she’d rather be.
Jim. no longer making noises like a poodle (to his credit) is chewing
his pen as he discusses the globular ramifications of SA politics and

definitions of power.
l’m typing. by the way.

Burn out. It’s not a pretty word. Or even a pretty two words.
However. staring around the room at four people bursting into gales
of laughter at nothing (Dave. I don’t like notion. How about concept?
Hahahahahahahaha) it's obvious that here are four excellent
representatives of it. Of course. none of this bothers me. since as
Aspects editor. as Dave and Jim are pointing out even as I type the e
on the end of Dave. I'm right on the fringe with them. .

Anyway. welcome to the last Friday issue of Aspects before spring
break (deep sigh). I hope there's something in here to satisfy all of

you.

handed yak.

Especially people who know how to have a good time with a left-

] _ ilrlilifw y

a.

 

Inside. 

3a

 

who use "Inside. . .

 

Yep — page 3A — lnirospect. You're looking at it. so there’s
no sense in telling you what's on it. But. for the sake of readers
"as a crutch. as a set of Aspects cliff notes.
here’s a summary: above. James Sales espouses the substance
of silence; to your left. Keenan slips into an ugly state of insani—
ty. suffering from loss of sleep and loss of interest due to over-
work on the ASP endorsements issue.
centerfold
The Academy Awards loom before us. and lan Spelling provides
his predictions for what Lord Oscar holds in store for us. Mr.
Spelling prophesizes that one outstanding film will virtually
sweep the most significant honors. and deservedly 50.,

 

 

Perspectives :

the night.

‘63
Aspects presents a pair of poems. The first is by
Mary Beth Aniano. who remembers a love. a diner. and a train.
The second is by Aspects veteran poet Michelle Krell. This time
her prolific pen scratches out images of things that go crunch in

 

.73

Sound And Vision: A Cougar review by the foxy Dee Prentiss.
who returns highly satisfied from the impressive John Cougar
Mellencamp show. Jodi Jacobs wets her feet with Splash and
Ian Spelling livers out his fantasy fetish and lets the other guy
step into his shoes. and take ’a shot at criticizing the critic.

 

 

an
Retrospect: Let Spectrum be your guide to the wonderful world
of the Capital District. Fun for the whole family. and children
under twleve can get Spectrum free! (proof of age required).
Our main man Otis has added a new dimension to kite flying
season. (Hey Otis. go fly a dog).

 

 

note 0 The Week

“It’s uncomfortable. it’s unpleasant, but [just don't have time to

wash my underwear. "

a

. VJ . . . .
a a , . . -. r - . I
. 1:7 1"”; .. ‘ ; 1,. V.‘ .l V, r, f, r. ,. V ,

ASP EIC David L.L. Laskin. Saturday. April
Ist. at the end of a conversation which I swear
to you makes this quotea lot less tncrlmt stingy}
than it actually sounds. "4-4 >-;'=1i~--  t .‘ «VS-r

  

 

.. . 4‘ 4.. v.4,

icons“ «a.» e»- 

 
 

 

