   

at.......u...».:...-.~u.wvw. vv——- - rs.

   

  ' L‘», f ‘ l i ..
SpaﬂsFebrua'ry Armxiworm mos :1 .rugsmtv, £553qu 7. 1994‘

 
 

 

   
  

  

     

 

iL

'?  ‘ "MIDDLEEARTl-I ‘1,

Counseling? and Crisis Center '

will be sponsoring a
.GAY MEN’S . . i

SUPPORT GROUP
Thursdays at 7:30 PM

For more information ,
call 457-7800

BATTLE OF THE TEASE '
ALBANY STATE vs. 'POTSDAM STATE
FBIDAY , FEBRUARY 10_

COME AND WITNESS THE MAULING
OF THE BEARS FROM POTSDAM BY
THE GREAT DANES OF ALBANY

HALF»— TIME
wm 325m THE ANNUAL
HALF - counr suoormo conresr
SPONSORED BY THE PEP BAND.

GAME TIME
FRIDAY 8:00 at UNIVERSITY GYM

 

 

 

mu

 

 
    

 

it’s at

   
   
    

‘ The University Cinemas
‘1 Thursday 2/9-V
G-hesty Anderson-05‘ Ilavy

idal wave of laughter when voluptuous

chesty joins the Navy and puts her .

weapons into action

Friday and Saturday 2l10 8t 2/11
Saturday light '
Fever Lc7

 

 

The Fever

 

 
      
 
 

WE

files»

 

o m H rAifMovhl fit mm t‘ o'l-t‘tat-mi All mm . Iwmu

S/a Tune/AV ND)

is Spreading

 

 

Blue 'l'huncler Lc18,
Shows at 7:30 and 10:00 pm.
1k * * tr * ‘k .* at

Tickets $1.50 wltax card
$2.00 wlout

VEQa-‘V
...Catch it

 

 

 

SA FUNDED

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
   
 

DEAN CHANG

- riai Assistant

    
  
   
 
 
  

open letter to the television net-
rks’ sports executives:

  

r Slrs:
have had enough. You’ve force-fed sports
‘ ers such exciting sports as arm wrestling, pool
tins and speedskating. You've let us watch
Harlem Ci- ‘ and/or “ J ' '
n and the Bucketeers play in every con-
ble part of this world. You even gave us “The
Bouncer In the World," a piece of trash that
only one redeeming quality: Mr. T.'s debut. if
re looking for a ridiculous sport to televise,
hockey. Please. ,
what If it got bad ratings; you’re giving the
a second chance. Besides, that was over 10
» ago. Now you've got Wayne Gretzky, an
st-to-goodness marketable figure. You‘ve got
slanders, the closest thing to a sports dynasty
the UCLA Bruins. You've got a spon that has
' element It needs to become popular in this
try: last-moving, high-scoring, hard-hitting
an occasional light or two. But hockey does
one thing: national television exposure.
present, the networks aren't doing hockey a
e. An occasional glimpse of Gretzky or
ps a filler on the Olympic hockey team —
not enough. After the 1950 Olympics, you
could havt capitalized on the sudden interest
key. But you didn't. The Olympics proved
in small doses the American public can buy
ey as a major sport. Due to the lack of
rage of hockey, we only heard of Jim Craig's
t, on and offthe ice. But do we hear of Neil
n or Mark Pavelich, two of the most suc-
| members of the 1930 Olympic team?
nslder the “violence.” iohn Q. Public sees
movie Slapshot and assumes hockey is ﬁlled
blood and gore. Well, it’s not. Given, there
, players who use their sticks as weapons, but
‘ are the exception, not the rule. There's no dif-

 
  

  
  

 
 

   

      
 
 
 

  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   

 
  
 
 

   
  
 
  

 
  
  
  

  
 
 
  

TUESDAY, ream-m7, f984 ci KisﬁNl/i’llsruomrrriéss’fsports

ference between an lntlmldator in hockey and an
intimidator in the NFL. You don’t hesitate to show
boxing, a sport where the object Is to knock your
'opponent out. Besides, the public eats up
violence. A brawl in a baseball game? Great; film
at 11. Rudy Tomjanovlch got punched by Kermit
Washington? Wonderful. Let‘s go to the videotape
and watch the punch in slow motion. Many times.

What you have now on the air is basketball. On
any given weekend, one can choose from a

' ' of seven games to watch. You're over-
saturatlng the air with basketball; before long, it
might go the route of professional soccer. Give
North Carolina and the Boston Celtics a rest. The

New York Rangers sell out Madison Square

Garden every night. of the season. The Knicks
would be lucky to sell out the Garden just once
during the regular season. The demand for hockey
is there.

Wayne Gretzky is one of those rare athletes that
transcends the sport they play in. in a country
where a good part of its Inhabitants never watched
Gretzky play, you would expect a lot of "Who’s
that?” You certainly wouldn‘t think that he would
win the Sportsman of the Year award. Nor would
you expect Gretzky’s name to be anywhere in Fort
Lauderdale's list of the ten most popular sports
ﬁgures. But there he is, right on top. How often do
Floridians get a chance to watch Gretzky? Four
times a year, tops. Such is the legend of The Great
Gretzky.

Hey, you people at CBS might go for this idea.
Take Edmonton (Gretzky's team), both New York
teams, Minnesota and a couple of other teams.
Schedule games just like you do in the NBA. You
know: Philly-Boston, Boston-LA, LA-Philly, and
Philly-New York. This way, you could show the
best teams in the NHL while getting decent
ratings.

The next time you go live to Kiev for the luge
competition, think about hockey. You could
televise the third period of a game on one of your
"Sports Spectaculars,” giving highlights of the first
two periods.

 

     

 

ellas, give us some 

 

screen.

l‘ll try a more sensible idea on NBC. Televise
hockey at test markets throughout the country.
Make the game regionally attractive, giving people
someone to root for. Let your affiliate stations
make up their own minds; they can pre-empt the
game for local programming if they choose. You
can't expect people In New Mexico to watch a
BostonQuebec game. But give them Gretzky and
they might tune in. Who knows? They might get
hooked.

Sad to say it, ABC has the chance to capitziize
the most on hockey. With the ’84 Olympics just
around the corner, you can bet ABC will shove the
USA hockey team in our faces as much as possi-
ble. We'll get up close and personal looks at Pat
LaFontalne, Ed Oiczyk and David A. lensen. We’ll

 

 

1THE
UNIVERSITY ClNEMAS

announces ITS

N s.
TUE 7»LC 19r-AT 8:00 pm.

BECOME A MEMBER IN ONE OF THE LARGEST
COLLEGE FILM GROUPS lN THE NORTH EAST-

   
 

t
..- ‘r:».q'rr,~1z..~ ‘ w

it .. ,.

 

Wayne Gretzky should provide the networks
the ratings they need to put the NHL on the

hear (hopefully) about the Americans that went for
the money instead of the gold. Players like Bobby
Carpenter, Phil Housiey and Brian Lawton. But all
this coverage will end after the Olympics. It's a
crying shame.

Don't cry to the public about dips in ratings in
basketball and football; it was your own doing.
The public wants another sport and hockey is it.
You wonder why cable television is getting so
popular? Because they offer choices. I don’t call
“Survival of the Fittest" a choice.

Gentlemen, you've got a possible gem of a sport
right under your respective noses. I urge you to
consider the matter.

Sincerely yours,
Dean Chang

 

 

 
 

 

