"=3;

   
 
 

   

 

   
 

MARCH 13‘ 1984 MARCH 13, 1984M

 

 

 

" " " island‘s dirtiest

A pair 0mm

Pet SemetaryMakes A Joke’routt OfKihg   

Perspectives I »

 


l
I
l
l

  
  

 

.‘w

I .r‘-_- _____._~\a\_ .

 

 

, Scenes. From 'An Italia ReStaurant

kay. alright. It's Caren '5 birthday.
Where are we gonna take her [or din-
ner? Coco 's? Nah. too expensive. The

Cranberry Bog? Again, a little too rich for our
poor blood. How about T.G.l. Friday 'sr"

Great! She 7/ love It!

Ian Spelling

Nearly half of lrvlng Hall's well-known
Lounge Of Sin crowded Into a cab, looking
forward to enjoying a'reai meal for a change.
However. no sooner did we open the door of
Friday's than we were told of the two hour
waiting list. Our pack of nine ravenous party
animals decided to Journey from Friday's over
to a restaurant that. for decency's sake. fwon't
name: It was a mistake we all currently regret.

Once we were seated at our second cliolce
restaurant, a waitress came by and asked If
anybody wanted drinks. I ordered a
strawberry margarita In what was billed as a
"gargantuan" glass, Anqel reouested the
Mucho Margarita. and the birthday girl took a
glass of white wine.

We were stunned as the drinks arrived. The
“Gargantuan glasses" paled In comparison to
their counterparts at Coco's. but that was
merely an ominous sign of what was to
transpire during the rest of the meal. Angel
tried his drink and noted that it should have
been listed on the menu as “The Children's
Mucho Margarita." Of course. It tasted like
water; It was. after all. seven-tenths ice.

Pete and l sipped our Strawberry Margaritas
slowly. but we hit bottom Incredibly quickly
anyway. Again, the drinks were all ice. The
birthday girl. meanwhile, was eytng her white
wine; It too had Ice. Which gave rise to the big
question of the night; Who the hell serves
white wine with ice?

Tacky.

To make matters worse. It came with a
straw. White wine with Ice and a straw? Classy
place. ‘

 

 

immediately following the thirty seconds it
took to finish our overdressed drinks. we were
asked to select a main course. At least the ser4
vice was prompt.

l nearly ordered the salad bar as my main
course, but for two dollars more I could get the
salad bar and the “Chef's Sirlolner — a man-
sized. )ulcy. sizzling steak with Chef's condi-
ments."f So I ordered that. Pete and several
others ordered the veal cordon bleu, and

 

  

She painted the make-up on thick,

Hoping no one would see through.

strength she could muster;

While within she was yearning to crawl.

she kept for appearance.

 

She walked straight and tall. using every bit 0]

Her tongue, tied up like a pretzel solidified In the

back of her throat, was hidden by an insincere smile

She laughed with the rest of them, to complete her disguise
But her eyes followed hint each step of the night.

He wore no make-up — she saw deep inside.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Angel ordered the fried shrimp.

The finished product that was placed In
front of us was In direct contrast to our
nutrient-starved Imaginings. The “Chef's
Sirloiner" labored to be wimp-sized. dry. and
cold. something it did very well. The “Chef's
Condiments" consisted of dry, UASlIke
french fries. and wilted (more like dead and
unburied) lettuce. Eating the stuff proved to be
no easy task. for It came smothered In
disgusting mushrooms. If Superman can recall
at the sight of Kryptonlte. I guess I can be
rendered nauseous by mushrooms.

The veal cordon bleu appeared less than
appetlztng, too. Even the cheese on the top
was burned. But the clincher was Angel's fried
shrimp. He took' the breadth off one only to
reveal a measly little shrimp that should have
been allowed to live a full life. Poor thing.

Even the people next to us fared badly. The
man ordered a "platterful" of the “Italian
Feast." Sucker. That wonderful specialty In-
cluded two (Count 'em, twol) meatballs. a pair
of lonely sausages. a lump of lasagna (1’). and
an exotic centerpiece of spaghetti. Wisely. he

    
 

 

 

picked at It all night long. Hts lovely wife mu. .

have eaten there before; she only' had the
salad bar.

We didn't dare have dessert, for fear of our
lives. Rather. we stalled for a little time before
moving off to Fantasies to work off the unplea-
sant meal. We continually asked for water.
which. by the way. came with little or no Ice. i
suppose they had to conserve the ice to put It
In the mixed drinks.

Looking about the interior of the restaurant
provided some well-needed laughter. The ar«
ray of different decorations was staggering.
For what was basically an Italian restaurant.
few items of Italian origin could be located.
Nothing followed a set pattern. Some of the
chairs were large, some small; many big
wicker chairs and the usual restaurant bench-
style wall-seating.

Chinese lanterns hung from the ceiling on
our left. Behind us was track liglttlngsTo the
right was a lamp with a fan moving so slowly
that Vic Morrow would have been safe. and in
front was a loo-bright slreetlamp type fixture.

c act:
' My 9ND friend scent;
 I! «sea close
if hau‘eta“
And a Coke ca
But's it's okay; be;
I am secureynnd'
lcan swim. U
‘ Susanne .l >
_March 1. 1954 v .

 

 

‘ separate'f‘rom the land behind

It was was surprisingly bright; usually when ..
place Is this bad, the lights stay low so ytrtt
can't see the food you're eating or the com-
pany you're keeping.

Our waitress was pleasant enough. but who
cares? The food was still awful. iltL‘ interior
tacky, and the only saving grace was the salad
bar. Everything in the salad bar lithlt'd pretty
good. However. why should you have to cut
your lettuce before you eat it?

I. for one. enjoyed the trip After all, If gdl'L’
me the chance to write this piece As liiltl as II
was, it did beat Burger King rlIItl IJAH‘ ibnrely].
although they also skimped rrtt .rftui-diriiici
mints and loothplcks. Not even [irrrwlL‘y

Dinner was happily forgotten wltt’ll \l‘t' tir-
rived at Fantasies: Caren llrltl .i grunt lIiIiU
and that's what counts. Hopi-ii, llilllttliik'.
Caren. We love you!

 

 

The name ofilie restaurant .lis. rmnri Hi this
piece Is not mentioned out ojr ominorr tft‘ti’li-
cy. Muclro Margarita-uil/r-. you blllili‘ it'lltiL‘ttti
are!

e‘ green unwilling

sticks to my skin until

orth a nickel.

 

   

 

et Senietary. the newest novel by
America's most popular horror
novelist. Stephen King. is a disappoinv

ting. urifulfilling. off-beat and a little frighten-
ing. but ultimately very mediocre effort.

 

John Keenan

The book. published by Viking at 13.9.") a
copy. has been touted (by the teaser in the iri-
side flop and various publisher's blurbs) as be-
Irig the book lllL‘ Stephen King himself was
aloud to finish writing. Devoted Stephen King
frrrrs like myself should lttl])L' this is true. for if
lltL’t’t,‘ wasn't tr wry good reason why the illrtll
lelt‘this book so unfinished. then he is definite-
ly losing his touch

The story stints off proriirsingly enough. for
rr lioiior novel. but .rs protagonist Lotus Creed
moved his stnoll foniily to their new house iii
the bircltwoocls of Maine. where he is to proc-
trre irivdtcirrc in ii locrrl college. l linrl thtI
stt'rtttgcsf feeling lltrlf l was in the middle of ti
.lohri Soul novel  .i ft’L’llittJ lllrtl. for me. is
very unpletisrrrit

Another StitL' point wits the prickrrgirig of the
novel, The cowt lfcirttrring rr demonic-
looking (of mid Ihr' stloucttt' of ii Iitrlll t'nrryirrg
.i body into .i grurvcinrrili is intriguing. Slll'f‘. bitt
II secured to iiit.’ to be right out oi the “lilood
on Myton's lt‘t'plck" school of horror novels
King is Slipprisutl to by good enough fttl‘it.’ rrlilc
II o sh y

 

to bypass lfil< kind of
scrisrrtlorrrrlisrir isrr't lit“)

l‘hc plot is o good one Siitrill lllllL' physi-
t‘iirri l.ot| Creed mines his Wife Krrt’lrt'l rtlitl his
children out to .i siiirill towii iit Mriirir- In front
of the house runs it highway which. rtCt‘lil‘
ding to the nice old innit trcross the road. has
been the llllitiifltiil of Iiiitlly puts. He advises
Lou to keep the family cat from rooming too
for.

Of course. the cat is soon killed by a truck.
Lou is then left willi fflL' dilemma of what to tell
his young daughter. And that's when the old
mart ulud Craridnll— explains the Pet Senretary
to his young friend. They bury the cat there.
The cat comes back to life.

Which makes Louis wonder; What Would
happen if you buried it person there?

Stephen

ndor‘semelits by popular figures for their
Elavorite political cnndldntes are increas-
ing In number. .

Last week In New l’lirriipshire. Arlo Guthrie
opened for George McGovern at .r speaking
i'rrgrrgeirient in Manchester. illiLl one of lltL'
riioii- wull~kriown spcokt'rs iit riiiiny of Senator
Univ llrrr't's .rppurnrrtrcvs ls rrowlist Stephen
King.

Eric Nehrhauer

"l \.'|Il\'(l for lilill illnrti iir l'l'i'd when we
il\'nrg and lth \'.’!ft‘ lill‘llllrl) \'.'l'l\' ll\‘trrg lli ('i il‘
«rirttltr. \\‘lil‘lL‘ l \‘,‘Illlt' ’l'lrr‘ Stirirtl and flu-
Shining. illitl uwivlrodv lll\'ll‘ clirttirud he
couldn't win." stud King

“I \k'rtN' iriipressiul with him there. rilltl when
We were looking ,ri tlll Iltt.‘ L'i'lllLllllrtli“i up in
Miiinc. (where King now lives) my wrlt' rlllLl I
kind of looked in Curb other and sriid. ‘yurrh.
it's the some guy.‘ lt was like it revelation one
morning over the breakfast trrble.

"So we got in touch with some of his peo-
ple. and asked if we coultl organize coffees or
tens. or anything like that They got sort of ex-
cited. and asked if I would endorse Senator
firm at a press conference In llririgor (Maine).
illlKl 1 said of course I would,

“Since then i've been cariipaigtitng for him
tillfl doing what 1 can I don't want it to be star
lime. or anything like lllr‘ll. and It shouldn't be.
but I'm doing whatever I can do."

 

Wlltlf ktrid of audience does King attract for
I fail?

"Some of them comrl to get a book signed.
or something like Ihrrl." siritl King. “What i like
to Iliirik Is that we're bringing In some people

 

Pet Scinetary is it reasonably good book. I

I hrrve to give it lllrtl. It is strongly plotted. with

engaging characters and .r few instances of
real horror — itllLl. as you know. most books
can't frighten people. no nintter how often the
critics scream "Terrifying," This book is truly
scary.

Which makes the lack of payoff riir uri-
forgiveable offense. The writing ts King's
usual. which Is very good. and there is one
scene — not a horror scene— between Creed

 

and his young son Cage that struck me as be-
Ing perhaps the best non-horror scene King
had ever written.

Another sore point is the constant trrvocrl-
tlon of "Oz. The Gweat rind 'l'ewwible." This
Impressive sounding bogte is merely a bad
memory out of Rachel's past. rind hardly
worth all the play King gives it in the work, If
02 the Gweat and Tewwiblu lHKl amounted to
anything besides vapors. he might have
redeemed the book. As It is, he's merely an-
iioytng.

King Takes Hart

Is campaigning.

“One of the things that Irripr'usscd me about
Gary Hart Is that he is not ctriiipnigning
because he likes to campaign. because he
doesn't." King relates. “He is .i shy llldll He
wants to be president and serve. 'l'lirit's very
Impressive. because we've had [M'rrplt' who
have become president rind srrlrl. 'Woit ti
minute; whnt do I do iiow'.’ What did I run
foi"." 'l'lrt'y kirttl of froze in Now I'm thirrluirg
of CrirIr-r and Nixon in pillllt’lllill

 

“. . .we’ve had people who
have become president and
said, ‘Wait a minute;

what do I do now?”

 

Crunprrigriing so closely with rr t-riiidirliitu for
the Deriiocnrlii‘ rioririnrrtiorr for the prosidency
is bound to by on crlircritionrrl experience for
anyone. lan it Irris it special significance for the
novelist King;

"I wrote a political novel called Dunc! Zorro
that actually had somel New l'lampshire
primary stuff in It. Doing this (ctrnrpaigntng) for
a while makes niL’ realize it was all wrong. I'd
like to go back and tear that book up and do it
over again."

Does King have tiny plans to use his political
experiences as a basis for It book In the future?

“No.” said Ktrrg. “The input ls so
fragmented. so heavy. and so strange; it's like

having a hit of some big. strange drug that is'

probably not all that good for you in the long
run."

King coniritentcd on Senator Hart's appeal
to the younger generation of voters. it group
whose attitudes he feels he shares.

 

It’s not as If King has put out a truly bad
book. something I privately think he’s In-
capable of. It's Just that Pet Semetary is not up
to his usual snuff. v

Another disturbing factor In the work was

reader accepts the fact that there's something
evil bound up In the essence of the pet
semetary. but what the hell is it? How come it's
never explained? >

When Daniel Torrance faced down his
father on the third floor of the Overlook Hotel
in The Shining. the reader understood that be
was facing not just his father. but the whole
hotel. When Bert Mears and Mark Petrie went

up against the whole town of Salem's Lot.
there was an epic feel to the work. Pet
Senietary lacks both the epic feel agd the
lclearly defined battle of good us. evil

Everything in Pet Senretnry seems an unfor-
rtunate turit of bad fortune that could have
I'been awiided if only the protagaiiists had been
a little smarter. or a little luckier. or used a little
common-sense. King hints that there are
darker forces behind the evil misfortunes. but
the reader is never shown this. and the book
'suffers because of It.

The climactic battle between good and evil
corrres. not In the shadow-shrouded recesses
of the pet semetr‘rry itself. but ill .lud Crandall's
kitchen. And Louis ‘ Creed never gets
anywhere near his real foe. which is disap-
pointing in itself. ‘

l have a feeling popular opinion might go
against me on this book. King may have been
trying something a little different this time out.
and rccieves my grudglng commendation for
his daring If that was the case. However. In my
view. obscurity tn horror wrttlrig detracts from.
rather than adds to. the story. And Pet
Surrreinry leaves a little too many questions
unanswered for me to think it a valid effort.

l’ei Surrretary may be a legitimate effort. But
I get the strange feeling that King is resting on
his laurels. becoming too Involved In movie
deals and political campaigning to trrrn out a
good novel. which is..after all, what he's sup-
posed to be doing. He's still the best. of
course. But Pct Semetary gives me the feeling

that he Isn't really working for It anymore, r ,.

I

 

the lack of a recognizable menace. Alright. the ,

 

 

I It was over. i
l '  l -|'I- ’blf |
' I i llldl ore Independents or Uridcctdeds. and Its time tint \vc int sonic oty or us, i
I susanne JaCobV’ i WW1“. It‘liy'n want ,. book signed by me. but you set tip it comparison between Ronald
March 1' 1984 ' maybe they'll listen to what Gory l'litil has to “might” and Walter.Morrdalu.‘lt 5 like 1‘ line
9 i any. .rlso," from that song by lhe Who. meet the. new
. .
4 7 § Working on the criniprrtgn ltilll has given boss. some .is the old boss. It s lllitt.‘ for (I real
5 King sortie Insights into the lilttlt for whom be new boss. I l .

 

1: >1

 

