      
 

#9733355?

 

     

 

. PETALS FLURRY BY: . .

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

Petals ﬂurry by.
whispered song In my head
becomes dissonant clatter.

Peace lets go its
tenacious hold, lstnk;
numbness replaces feeling.

Awake In darkest tunnel.
looking above me through
the emptiness.

i wonder from within
a frenzy now old,
accustomed, but still a hell.

How long until I reach
daylight again, when will
petals ﬂurry
all the time. and

Song always be sweet?

  

Mary Beth Anlano

 

  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  

  

 

MY BLUE WORDS

Feeling poetic I
sit. pen lazed between
my fingers. waiting
for the poems.

Seeing them. knowing
too that my blue words
will never point what I
envision. [wonder

What the point is.

Why try to explain a mere
hue from the vast colorations
of sentiment.

Where do I come off
thinking that my blue words
are better than yours;
my almond peace
purer than yours?

Neuertheless. my pen awaits.
and f. sitting.
feeling poetic.
wait for the poems expectantly.

Mary Beth Aniano

 

 

      

,nttncn 23, 1'93'4

' specific images comes across as somewhat

 

‘ immediately be placed behind bars. But

 

 

Liz Story Is Just Plain Folk

This Saturday at 8:00 pm. improvisational pianist and Win-
dham Hill recording artist Liz Story will apprear at the Troy Savings
Bank Music Hall.

Story, whose recent album. Solid Colors. has received universal
critical acclaim. is a bright and rising star in the field of folk music.
and has been heralded by many critics as Windham Hill's next ma-
jor performer.

Tickets for Saturday's performance are still available. For infor-
mation. students should call 273-0038.

 

 

Concert Previews

 

 

 

'4

 

are hitting the Capital District once again.

likes with baseball bats.

holey jeans and leather jackets.

should experience at least once in a lifetime.

  

I; I I ' .‘ " 
, O
The Ramones Rapid Rock
Fellow Plnheads. Headbangers. and Blitzkrieg Boppers. gather 'round: The Ramones

For those who really don't have a clue as to exactly what The Ramones are all about. it's
really not hard to understand. The Ramones first appeared in 1977 as America‘s answer
to Punk Rock. along with such groups as Talking Heads. Television, Blondie. and the
Patti Smith Group. The difference between The Ramones and most of the early English
punk groups. though. was that as the punks banded together to spout off angry political
statements. The Ramones sang about trivial Issues like glue-sniffing and beating young

Ten years and seven albums later. Joey Ramone Is Still screaming the same Incredibly
funny lyrics. Johnny Ramone is still banging out the same exact chords every song. and
Dee Dee Ramone still preludes many of their two and a half minute barrages with the
Classic “1-2-3—4!" The Ramones play loud. rapid-fire rock-'n-roll. sometimes exceeding
thirty songs in a concert. To add to their self-inflicted authenticity. they even still wear

For those who don't get the joke it’s just too hard to explain by now; take The Ramones
literally and/or seriously. anti you're a narrow-minded rock critic. Enjoy their inherent
sense of humor. and you'll have an incredibly good time at the concert.

The Ramones want the airwaves. so give 'em a shut; their an extravaganza everyone

' Alter reading this preview. my editor got the impression that I was trying to spite or
ridicule The Ramones. So as not to mislead the reading public of Aspects. i think this time
I'll just wade through the bullshit and musical phrascology glbbledy-gook and come right
out and say what i feel about The Ramones. l like them a lot and they make me laugh.

Jon-o Nlchlll‘l

.erted to force him to voluntarily withdraw from

 

- The crew of would-be cops that dropped out

 a recruit packing. although the unwanted

x.-

MARCH 23. 1934

 

soul sister in a blue uniform. her name

would surely be Police Academy. While
the new film does not quite stand up to its il—
luslrious counterpart. it is nevertheless an
amusing farce which unmercifully pokes fun at
the institution of Law and Order.

[an Spelling

Rather than being a straight. out and out.
gagfest. Police Academy wears Itself thin at-
tempting to either lmltate or lampoon Stripes,
An. Officer and a Gentleman, Private Ben-
jamin, and of course. the aforementioned
Airplane. Surprisingly enough. the Interweav-
Ing of the various films. plots. and even

If the hit motion picture Airplane had a

 

 

fresh and original.

That the final product is as enjoyable as it is
is due in part to the free-wheeling plot.

The woman mayor of an unidentified city
requests that all restrictions concerning
eligibility for joining the Police Department
cease to exist. Age. sex. weight. height. and
even educational background are to be
overlooked.

Not wishing to breach the guidelines set by
the Mayor. Commandant Lassard (George
Gaynes) takes It upon himself to make sure
that no one receives the boot. To this end, he
orders Sergeants Harris (G.W. Bailey) and
callanhan (Leslie Easterbrook) to work the
new recruits into the ground. Better they
should quit than get canned.

Unfortunately for all involved. a young man
named Carey Mahoney (Steve Guttenberg)
reluctantly finds himself in a precarious catch
22 situation. It seems he has a choice: spend
time in prison for crimes against an obnoxious
customer at the parking lot where he previous-
ly worked. or join the Police Academy and
become a cop like his father before him.

If Mahoney should quit voluntarily. he will

unbeknownst to him. he may not be expelled.
ln other words. the harder he attempts to get
himself kicked out. the more pressure is ex-

lhe training program - which he can't do.
All of the training. or lack thereof. leads to
the climax during which the recruits are put to
the-test. A riot has broken out in the town and
everyone ls called upon to do his or her share.

were smart. Harris' tough drills had sent many

Mahoney stayed the course. Now they had to

narrating

 

face real. Hie-threatening situations.

 

..'.-‘ '2 < ' .l

 

r m.

0

    
  

  
 
   

 

 

  

These leftover men and women form the
backbone of Police Academy. Each of the ten
supporting players has his or her moment to
shine on the screen. Bubba Smith. Michael
Winslow. and Marion Ramsey really wring the
rope of their respective characters In order to
draw out every last drop of personality.

Bubba plays a huge softie; in fact he's a
florist. A what? "A florist. you know. flowers
and shit."

He can sell flowers. but he can't drive.
Mahoney offers to help Bubba pass the
pollceman's road test. They "borrow" a small
vehicle which cramps Bubba’s style and legs.
Mahoney jokingly suggests removing the front
seats. which Bubba seriously proceeds to do.

Michael Winslow is Doctor Monsignor
Larvelle Jones. master of the art of mimickry.
He transforms himself into a walking PA.
system. helicopter. video game. or whatever
else he feels necessary. Talk about stealing the
show; this guy was cheered every time he ap-
peared on the screen.

Marlon Ramsey has the distinct pleasure of

 

    

being the only women with something better
to do than cater to men. She makes the most
of her role as Laverne Hooks. a timid young
woman who speaks too softly to be forceful.

George Gaynes (Mr. Smith on General
Hospital) also has a supporting role. but his is

larger than that of any recruit. Gaynes‘ ability .

to facially express pain and joy simultaneously
comes in handy when he stands before a
podium to narrate a slide show for a group of
VIPs. Commandant Lassard meets real-life
porn star Georgina Spelvln (The Devil in Mrs.
Jones) the hard way. By the time the scene is
eventually reprised it becomes a little hard to
swallow.

In the leads. both G.W. Bailey and Steve
Guttenberg succeed. Bailey (Rlzzo on MASH)
plays the grizzled drill sergeant with a
viciousness that. at times. seems too far-
fetched. But credit must be given where credit
is due; he does not turn to mush as the credits
roll. Harris Is a bastard from beginning to end.

Guttenberg's role is tailor made. He has
nothing to do but smile. be cute. and give a

t,
. ﬂ
wink-in-the~eye performance. All of which he

Mahoney character. He learns nothing. nor
does he become a better person from his ex-
perlences.

Guttenberg remains one of America's most
promising young actors. Remember Diner?
He was the sports freak who would not tie the
knot with his fiancee unless she could pass a
difficult quiz. Although fluff such as Police
Academy probably will not harm his career.
Guttenberg should realize that it will earn him
little respect.

Police Academy has its moments. several of
them in fact. The picture is replete with pro-
fanity. chases. gunfights in which no one gets
hurt. and the usual assortment of sight gags
which are common place in this type of
sophomorlc fare. No matter. Police Academy
still manages to rise above the teen-marketed
junk which is generally released during spring
and summer.

Despite being about as predictable as a film
can be. Police Academy will do on a day
when you simply want a smile or a laugh with
no strings attached.

 

 

 

 

M Lire As An Ugly Guy

‘ _ Are You

Are you an ugly guy? Do people get
physically ill at the sight of your features? Do
you? Aspects very own ugly guy. Jim Lally.
speaks frankly about the trials and tribulations
of his life as an ugly guy.

gly. it's an ugly word. As an actual
physical condition (especially if you
happen to be the poor slob afflicted
with it) it goes well beyond the realm of mere

phonetic displeasure.

JlmLallu

Okay. so now all you ugly guys out there
(and I know there are at least two of you.
because they both room with me). you're say-
lng “Yes. we know It's a lousy deal. Geez. we
hardly need the ASP to tell us thatl"

You're right. you don 't need the ASP to tell
you that. and we won't. because that would be
a nasty thing to do. and hey! we’re nice people
here. Far be it for us to tell you that you're a
dog.
But let me remind you that. nice as We are.
even If Dave Laskln becomes a Saint tomor-
row and the rest of the editorial board ascends
40 days later. you'll still be walking home from
the Mount without a date. Ready to listen?
Good. '

The problem that bothers a great many
potentially ugly guys the most Is that they can

 

 

An Ugly Guy?

never really be sure whether or not their facial
features are as bad as everyone else's reactions
would seem to indicate. So how to find out
whether or not you are. indeed. an ugly guy.
The techniques are many and varied. but
there are two things that you absolutely cannot
do to determine the quality of your features.
They are:

I: Look in a mirror -— in my long career as an
ugly guy. We tried this many times. and It
simply remains a jarrineg ineffective way to
gauge your own looks. No matter how long
the average ugly guy scrutinizes the high.
domed forehead. the eyebrows that meet over
the nose. and the huge purple circles where
his lower eyelids should be — in short. that
amalgam of disjointed features that his peers
laughingly call his face — the image received
by his brain is still some sort of cross between
Robert Redford and Tom Selleck.

' Remember; you are not qualified to judge
your own features.

2: Ask a friend — Obviously. whenever we
get depressed or insecure. our first reaction Is
to run to our friends for reassurance he lies.)
Now. In most cases. we can manage to con-
vince ourselves that what they tell us is
Gospel. However. if you stop to think about it.
could you ever really see a conversation like
this taking place between two friends

 

I
«'3’?

 

 

 

 

Jim. am I ugly?
Oh God. you found our. did you?
or
Jim. am I ugly?
Yes. but hey. you’re a nice person.

Also remember; Your'friends are not honest
enough to judge your own features.

So now that we've determined how not to
figure out whether or not you're an ugly guy.
let’s move on to the more practical methods.
Of course. there is really only one meter for
determining whether or not you're an ugly guy
-— pretty girls.

A Word About Pretty Gll‘ll

They don't usually date ugly guys. ’

Of course. I don't mean to be unfair to pret-
ty girls. as there have been many documented
cases of pretty‘glrls dating ugly guys. There is -
even a kernel of truth to the old fable that girls
tend to look below the surface. and tend to
give more credit for personality over ap-
pearance than even the ugliest guys do.

Still. pretty girls remain the best yardstick by
which to measure your appearance. it you
really want to know whether or not you're an
ugly guy. ask one out.

If she laughs at you. you're ugly (or
something equally unappealing).

if she looks scared. you're really ugly.

if she tells you she would rather be your
lriend. you’re ugly. but nice.

And if she tells you to drop dead. you have
absolutely no redeeming factors whatsoever.

Non Weak: Dallas Tip. For The Ugly
any! . ,

 

 

 

 

 

 

does well. However. there is no meat on the '

  
 
   
    

 

r ~.-......mmu;:uih i'

 

