 

 

 

 

 

 

 

< " ‘~=v-')«':~<- in.

 

/

‘ k
., K.
--T‘Yﬁ-..,

 

 

 

Patty Bradley had good reason to be looking behind on the final turn of the
BOO-meter run. Her teammate Veronica Mtlntosh (-t‘ltii taught her to take the
championship. Bradley did hold off lacqui Sedwick (300) for second.

 

(IL L. »

 

 

 

Michael Carter will be throwing in the shot after the Summer Olympics for

something bigger, quarterbacks, either of theUSFL or NFL variety. Carter cap-
tured his seventhNCAA title in Syracuse. .

 

 

 

The Eastern Michigan University distance medley relay team
had good reason to hold on. They captured the national crown
by holding off the University of Wisconsin 9:40.18 to 9:40.37

" 'sfMa

 

 

 

washington State’s Peter Koech bolted to victory in
3,000-meters to improve upon last year’s sixth place finish.
Koech cruised around the ZOO-meter track IS times in a little
overieight minutes.

mages of a championship

Images and impressions are what memories are made of. If this past weekend «
NCAA Division l Indoor Track and Field Championsl‘iips are to become a rt't allalilr-
entry in my memory bank, I would like to deposit a few images and impressions

()ne lasting impression was how informal the whole affair was. Despite the lot
mal sounding name, the National Championships. and the bureaucracy ltt\lil\t‘tl
with the staging of such an event, the two-day meet had .in air of warmth: \oii
might call it coriness. This was particularly true on Friday, the first day of the meet
when almost all the people who were dwarfed iii the huge Carrier Dottie \\t*ti'
athletes, coaches, members of the media 'and family. If any sound could he ltt‘.tltl
above the hum of the overhead lights and the omnipresent P.A. announcer, ll “as
the sound of people having a good time. Sprinters going over notes, roar hes
rehashing old. meets, officials joking with pole vaulters. and of course there \\ as the
contingent or men high jumpers closely examining the style and grace oi lltt'tl
female counterparts. '

Stanley Blalock, a world-class sprinter from the University of Georgia, \\.i~
gracious even in defeat. After humping into him in .1 Syracuse McDonald’s llltl.t\
night we talked after what he termed his "disappointing" performance in thr»
SS-meter dash finals. Although he finished last in a field of eight, he missed 1hr-
championship by only . |2 seconds in one of the closely contested and best tat t's oi
the meet. Blalock is now looking forward to the outdoor season, but first he \Mitils
to root his Bulldogs on in the upcoming NCAA basketball tournament.

Butthe event was not all fun and games. For Maryland high jumper Mike PM U/
zo, his final chalice for an indoor championship ended in hitter disappointment
An Olympic Trial qualifier, the senior and several other jumpers were unable to
quality for the finals because the approach to the bar was too short. A ttt()\.tl)lt‘
'llummllm harrier separated the infield where the field events Were held iroin thr-
track. Several of the jumpers moved the barrier to give them the estra rtth 1h“)
needed to Insure a proper approhch. However, tournament officials would not
ii)ll]<r)w the jumpers to move that barrier and Pascuzzo was unable to get t)\t‘l the

. .

For Southern Methodist University’s Michael C
stop on the way to fame, glory and lots of money. The shot putter won hp M‘H‘nll‘
NCAA title and fourth indoor title in four tries with an effort of (36‘ 1" tie is one ot
/T\Ii1n‘elric;’i‘s ihrripes for Olympic gold in LA. this summer and is also a Uhl'l. draitec-
{0151115}?!  milen questioned about the t..A. tixprt-ss, the
whm would make Mich ‘I » ; is v t . (ye Youngto a $4tiinillion contrai t. And
I H at cm“ h“Dily? Hey, i ll take a million I don’t have to
wave 40. '

, . i.
roiiii'ﬂii‘liliieéiii: (5)322m?E‘liii’éiedlﬁ”°”“eiW"" “5 “it “mm” W  t" ‘
(“Vidual championship by leading 1 L88 Ccy vgon ier 12th National Collegiate in»
which propelled the BIS Red m (hreir 56:6 (3m tisker sweep of the 55-meter dash.
n consecutive indoor team Champion»

5 ND. A blol Ze lIIEdal Wll 6 ill llle   l l l 0| ll lrl Cd ONLY v‘ U‘llt
l
y p CSf l: I

arter, last Weekend was just line

the big surprise on the women's end was Nebraska's Angela l'hacker. The
sopltolitOt’l.‘ upset favorite Carol Lewis ((‘ai‘l’s sister) in the long jump and took the
stl\t‘l' behind Ottey in the 55-meter (lash. Right behind l'hacker on the list of stir—
|tit~(‘S was the University of Tennessee's 'thltiant-ter relay team. The quartet led by
locila Clark. the lUOO-meter champion, broke the world indoor record of 8:4 1 .h set
Ill :972 by the USSR, by racing to the finish line in 8:40.17. The Lady Volunteers'
pit'VlOLlS best had been 8:555.

the University of Arkansas lifted off to their first indoor championship on the
heels of Mike Conley. Conley captured the long jump by flying 25’8" from the
takeoff strip to the dirt of the landing pit. 'l'he Razorback, who accounted for more
than 50 percent of his team's scoring, repeated last yt‘.t"s championship perfor—
mance by leaping to the triple jump title with a mark of 551)”. Conley, who is rank-
t‘ll tourth in the world in this event, spent his time in between events calmly striding
around the Carrier Dome floor, red hood up, chomping on at least five sticks of
grim and cheering on his teammates. When it was his turn to jump, he'd walk
down along the runway carefully eyeing where his approach steps would be. Strip-
him: off his sweats, he’d shake the excess nervousness out of his lean body, look tip
the runway into the maze of photographers stationed behind the landing pit and
ltt‘llllT his run. -

tire highlight of the meet was the men’s «toil-tireler run. The race pitted world
word holders Sundor Nix (Indiana) and Antonio McKay (Georgia Tech). the rest
oi the field was not too shabby either, as the 2-34-33 finishers in last year’s 440-yard
da~it were also entered. This was the first year the NCAAS were being competed in
tt‘t‘lflC distances as opposed to the previously contested events marked in yards.

\thay is a freshman who has come out of nowhere to stun the track world by
working the world indoor record earlier this year. The Atlanta native captured his
Illsl in what could be a long line of championships Saturday by winning the 400 in
in air, less than .8 seconds off of his world best.

-\tter the race. he was the center of media attention, the star or the meet. He
answered questions ranging from what his chances were this summer to when his
hiiihday was to what his mother does for work. However. he never would have
been subjected to stich a close interrogation had it not been for an explosion of
\peed offth final turn that brought the crowd to its feet. McKay blew past Sunday
tltt lehael [ranks and Danny l larris as he came wide off that final turn to capture
the race and the approval of the crowd. McKay's explosive bolt rounding the far
lillll for the second and final time left no doubt that he is a person to be reckoned
\\|ilt for some time to come.

lttr two days, Syracuse University was host to the best America’s colleges has to
otter and those in attendance did not leave disappointed, Credit to my acclaim a
weekend full of memories.~

By Marc Schwarz

 

it}.

 

 

Mike Conley carried Arkansas to their first team championship
by winning the long and triple jumps. Conley repeated his win-
ning performance in last year's triple jump with an effort of
,— r ,i
.75 ii .

 

 

 

Carol Lewis was a favorite in the long jump bu her reputation was soiled as
Angela Thacker of Nebraska upset her and when Lewis could manage only a‘
seventh place finish in the 55-meter hurdles.

 

 

 

