

“ration-

 

 

By Mark Wllgard

smrr warren

‘ History will be made tonight
when the Albany State women's
basketball team lips off against
Nazareth College at University
Gym.

For the first time in the six year
existence of the team. Albany will
be competing in a post-season tour-
nament. The Danes are the hosts of
the tournament and will play
Nazareth at 8 p.m.. while Oneonra
and Alfred square off at 6 pm. in
the first round of the ECAC
tourney. The championship game is
slated for 2 pm. tomorrow.

After last Tuesday's 72-58 defeat
to Oneonta in the SUNYAC
playoffs. it looked as though the
season ltad cotnc to an end for the
Danes. it wasn‘t tttttil Monday
afternoon that Albany Head Coacit
Mari Warner received word that her
team would be hosting the tourna-
ntcnt. “We’re psyched to play."
said Warner. “Hopefully. we'll go
right after them (Na/aretlt)."

The Danes will have their hands
full with Natareth. The Golden
Flyers have beatett tltc University of
Rochester. a team tirat will be corti-
petirtg itt the NCAA playoffs.
Nazareth ltas a big lteigltt advantage
over Albany. btrt the Dancs' main
asset ntigltt offset titat advantage:
speed. Albany will try to tttiii/c that
quickness by attcrttpting to rtttt
Nazareth all over the cottrt.

According to Warner, Albany
will utilize a full court press for
muclt of the gatne. “We need to get
the steals in order to play otrr runn-
ing type of game." site said. The
Danes will have to watch out for
Denise Hickey. a strong wing player
who is one of the top scorers on the
Golden Flyers.

Rainny Lesane and Ronnie Pat-
terson are the big weapons for the
women cagers. Lesane leads the
team with l4.4 points per game (47
percent from the floor). Patterson
is second with a 12.] average.
Albany must get point production
from their wing players. a
troublesome spot of the team for
much of the year.

“We just have to hope for good
all-around scoring." commented
Warner. "We'll also need scoring
from our wing players and we have
to hit a couple of free throws."

The foul line has been a problem
for Albany during the season. Pat-
terson is shooting 64 percent from
the line to lead the team. if the
Danes have any hope of winning
this game. they must convert from
the charity line.

Albany has bad a long layoff
coming into tonrght's game. Never-
theless. you can expect the Danes to
be ready for Nazareth. “When i
saw the looks on the girls' laces. i
knew they would be ready for the
tournament." said Warner.

if the Danes can get by the
Golden Flyers. a possible match-up
with Oneonta looms for the cham-
pionship game. in two previous
meetings this year. it was the Red
Dragons coming out on top.
Oneonta topped Albany just last
week to knock them out of the
SUNYAC playoffs. Perhaps the
third time will prove to be the
charm for the Great Danes.

FAST BREAKS: Albany is 15-9 on
the year...l)anes are riding It
modest two-grime home winning
streak. Cl

MARCH 2. I984

Women cagers host Nazareth in ECAC opener

 

 

 

i

: [Tarn Koulait looks to dloh on tho boll In a game ourliorl }
i
t

 

' hlo your. ,
i .

 

 

 

 

 

 

ED MARUSSICN UPS

Danes lose to Binghamton in ECA Cs, 46-44

By Keith Marder
-l.S.\'U('IleI: .\I'UHI.\ HIIIUR '
BtItg/tumlon
The Albany State Great Danes saw their season come to an entl as they
lost to the Bingltamton Colonials 46-44 in the preliminary rottnd of the
ECAC Upstate New York basketball totrrnament Wednesday evening.
The otttcome of the game was not decided until Albany point guard Dan
Crouticr hit the side of the backboard on a short baseline shot with four

UAWHEW .l. MENDELSOHN PIPE DREAM
Dane Co-captain Wilson Thomas taken tho ball inside as Blngharn-
ton's Derek Ponkoy looks for the block. '

seconds left in the game artd Bittgltantton ahead by one poittt.

“l was very surprised they carttc otrt irt a man-to-tnan," said Albarry
Head Coach Dick Satrcrs recalling the last play. "On every other out of
bottnds play tltcy came ottt in a zone."

Albany was in control most of the sccottd ltalf of a poorly played offen-
sive struggle while building a lead as large as eight points. With 13:48 re-
maining in the game Doug Kiimcr hit a shot to make the score 26-18 itt
favor of the Danes.

The Colonials slowly bttt surely closed the gap as they scored eigltt of
the next 10 points. This closed the Danes' lead to two. 28-26. with “:47
left. The game was eventually tied at 30 with 9:32 to go in the game.

Both teams virtually traded baskets for the next three minutes. After
two foul shots by Crontier Albany took a 34-33 lead.

Croutier then went on a tear by scoring fottr out of the Dunes' next five
points. giving Albany a 39-35 lead with 3:43 left in the contest. including
the two foul shots and an earlier i2 foot jump shot Crorttier had scored
eight otrt of the Danes' last nine poirtts.

Once again Binghamton refused to give up and with 3:04 left 6'6"
center Marty Young stole an errant Dane pass and drove the length of the
court for a dunk. -

With 59 seconds left Albany co-captain Dave Adam took a six foot
baseline jump sltot which took a shooter‘s bounce. The sltot hit the rim
twice before falling through. That shot gave the Danes a 44-43 lead.
Bingbamton then took the ball down court and set up a play for forward
Derek Pankcy. The Albany defense collapsed on Binghamton's leading
scorer and Albany freshman Adam Ursprung came away with his fifth
foul of the game. Pankey missed the front end of the one-and-one.
However, Mark Wright came up with one of his many second half ofl'cn-
sive rebounds.

"He was going after the ball and we weren't," said Satters. “They got a
lot more big rebounds than us and that ltttrt us."

Wright missed his attempt but Pankey then came up with one of his l7
rebounds and hit the shot to give Binghantton the 45-44 lead with 29
seconds left.

The Danes tltcn called time ottt artd set up their final play which had
many options. one of which was the Croutier shot.

“i had to alter the shot because Punkey was coming over.“ said
Cromier. "l was too close to the baseline attd l was leaning."

When questioned ifhe wanted to do anything different on the last shot
he said. “Yealt-—- hit it."

The first half proved that practice does make perfect as botlt teams
were showing the effects of a five day layoff since their last games on
February 21. Sauch and Binghanuon Head Coach Dave Archer each put
practice on hold until they got word front the ECAC concerning their in-
vitation to the tournament last Monday.

Albany sltot a paltry 8-28 from the field in the first ltalfand liingham-

18>

 

 

VOLUME LXXI

T. March 6, 1984

 

Supreme Court Ruling on
college aid delivers.
blow to women’s rights

By Lisa Strain

('(l.\lRIIlUI/.\‘fr' I Ill/UN

lit a blow to women‘s rigltts groups. the Sttprcntc Court ruled last
Tuesday that the federal governtttertt tttay ttol cut off all aid to a col-
lege be 'ttuse of illegal sex discritnittatiott lit a specific program.

The 6-3 vote was a victory for the Reagan administration bttt was
viewed by many women's rigltls group. .‘ a major setback.

“it's a tremendous setback." said Executive Director of the Project
on tltc Status attd Education of Women licrnice Sandlcr. “Wotrtcn
will have no protectiott...womctt will be going againstdiscrimination
for almost all of their (college) experiences." Sandler added.

Sttttdlcr declared that the ruling is a reversal of more tltatt a decade
of federal contrttitrttcnl. “it covers all schools that get (federal) strrdcttt
financial aid.“ site said. Shc added that the law bars discrimination
only it) those programs involving federal scltoloarsltip aid.

She noted that. “only about 4 pcrccrrl of federal funds are carntat k—
cd for special programs. The rest arc in the form of research grants
artd other programs." Sattdlcr explained that the result of all this is
that. “institutions cart discriminate itt otltcr programs."

“What \\c are seeing is a systematic dismantling of programs of the
(10's that called ltil’ social and ccortotttic justice." said spokesman for
tltc (,‘cntcr for Worttcrt in Government Fred ’aduln. “Anytime
something happens that tends to stop the proper intent of a policy or
program it means a lot of lost tirttc to reverse it." he c\piaincd.

The court decision gave a narrow interpretation to Title IX oi'a 1972
lcdcral law banning sexual discrimination at colleges attd universities
that receive financial aid. 'l‘ltejusticcs said the law mandates that it' sc\
discrintination is present itt a prograttt that receives financial aid.
funds cart bc cttt off only for the program and ttot for the school as a
\\lto|c.

’l'ltc case began as a dispute bctuccnaltc federal lidlltilliiytll Depart]; 

rttcrtt :rttd Grove ('in (‘ollcgc irt (irovc City. Pcnnsylkanra.

. Accordittg to court records. the
.Rcagan administration said (irovc
City should be required to pt oi idc
evidence to tile lidttcalion Depart-
tnetrt showing that it has no intert-
tiort of discriminating against
worttctr. lint the Reagan ad-
ministration also filed a legal
doctttttent with the Supreme
Court argttittg that a college
should ttot be crrt ol'l' front all
federal aid based on discrimina-
tiott itt ottc program,

(irovc City ('ttllegc only
receives I'cde "ll aid ill the forth of
student financial aid. but “finan-
eirtl aid that students get goes
through the wltolc collcge." said
Director of the Women‘s (‘cntct
at Rttssell Sage L'oilcgc l)r.
‘ Mildred Dandridgc. “i view it asa
real step backwards for \c\ equali-
SA Attorney Mark Mlohlor  I": all "sign Ilittltl'lx'rtttrd bit

' ttttttatt ‘llit. ant rtt gc asset lL't.
Law may no! effect SUNYA. “Most students will ttot be pro-

tcctco. Von don't have this federal law anymore to fall back on to to
1issue complaint.“ Dartdridge said. She also said it was too early to
prcdiu what impact the dccisiott could ltavc on Russell Sage. a [‘tl'lHIlt.‘
liberal arts college.

The Strprctttc Court rttlcd unanimoust tltat (irovc (‘in (‘ollcgc
mttst comply with Title IX by providing tltc paperwork requested by
the federal government because student grants are a form of financial
aid.

“The irotty is that the two sides that were litigating this (case) repre-
sent the previous interpretation (ol'Titlc lX) — that the entire universi-
ty was requircd to establish non-discrirttination." said Mary .lo Long.
art attorney at the Albany law firm of Walton arid Tltay “Now tltc
law is if a school gets financial air] it can't ltavc discrimination in tire
student loan department. It is not illegal to have it somewhere else. in
other programs." Long said.

“it sanctions sex discrimination itt universities and we don‘t ltttv -an
cqtral rights arttcttdrttcrtt. Tltcre are some real limits to the equal pro.
tcctiott clause (oftltc l4tlt amendment) although tltcrc is the Equal Pay
Act attd Title Vll of the Civil Rights Act." site said.

“it‘s a very substantial step backwards for equity for tttctt artd
womctt on college campuses," said SUNYA Director of Affirmative
Action Gloria DeSole. Site said that if there were an eqtral rights
amendment it would give protection itt arty institution for both men
and women. “It is a bcatrtifttl illustration of itow that amendment
(ERA) would benefit women and inert." she said. ~

l)eSole also said that. “i do not think it (the rrtiing) would have it t
profound impact at SUNYA. Tltcrc are very good people at llll'
stittuiott who care about equal education, for women ttnd nut

 

 

 

 

 

Rl’l ‘rrtv; lid

he hit: slit. in '

‘ (5
Vi. M W “limb
‘CA 5E 0f Lift?
0 “bite:

 

NUMBER 10

ll

JOE SCHWENDREN UPS

Students rally at SUNYA

Gather in support of ‘Bill of Rights’

By Christine Reitelt
R

\I.IH IlR/ll
Students front all over New York
State converged on the podium

Sttttday to rally in support of a.
‘xiO/vpoitu {fsmdcnu Bill—o' Right?
I

proposed by the New Yo] Pub L
ltttcrcst Research Group
(NYi’lRU).

incittdcd in the Student Bill of
Rights are demands for tltc
legislature not to raise the ‘state

. drinking age or dot trt rates. artd a

plea for financial aid for part-time
students. 2

Art estimated 200 people attended
the rally; participants were en-
thusiastic, carrying banners which
read “No tuition hike" :trtd “Use it
or lose it." referring to student
voting rigitts.

“'l'cll Mario (Gov. (‘ttomo) to go
to hell." yclicd SA l’residcnt Rich
Scltal'fcr to the lotrd atrdicrtcc.
“Dorm rcttt inercasc?." he

shouted. “No way! (‘tromo turrtcd '

his back on the studcnts by propos-
ing the tuition irtcreasc arid the
room incr‘ttsc. The students will
not and cannot stand for it.“

Paul iicrrick. Projector ('oor-
dintnor for SUNYA's NYl’lRG
also attended the rally. He ttotcd
that although people from [7 cant-
pttscs atotrttd the stale attended.

.~SU.N.),{.\__._1tuna;th was poor.

“l orsit tltc't'e was a greater turn-
out by students on this campus.“
Herrick said. “If they care about
these issues they rtttrst cortte
together. The rally dctttonstratcs
trttity. artd givcs exposure to
students attd shows that they do
hate the strength." ltc added.

Diana Klos. chairperson of
NYl’lRU artd :l member of the
board of directorx, opened the rally
with a rousing speech. Klos pr; Ll
the group. saying that they “repre-
sent the changing pace of Who‘s. by
being politically awarc and well-
orgatti/cd." Klos added that by tak-
irtg a strong stand ort‘ccrtttitt issues.
students will “begin to win on the
istues. The wrongs will be riglttcd.”

The iii-point Sttrdcttt Bill of
Rights requests I) no ttritiott bike.
2) aid for part-time students. 3) no
increase itt the drirtking age. 4) stu-
dcttt voting rights. 5) rescinding the

tttott Amendment. which denies

' aid for students not

registered for the draft. 6) voter

rcgistraliott. 7) day care cctttcrs. ii)

on-catttpus voting booths. 9) no in-

crcasc lit cotttputcr fees. attd 10) no
increase irt dortn fccs.

According to a NYl’lRG
spokesperson. the' bill of rights is
aimed at cotnittcing the New York
State legislature that student con.
ccrns must be takcrt seriously.

.littt Ticrncy. President of the
Student Association of the State
University iSASU). said itt :t brief
speech that “students must get
mean and trusty to get things
done." He c.\prcsscd support for
the Student liill of Rights. em»

Vpltasizittg his opposition to tire pro-
posal mt- a hike itt the drinking age.

He ativoeatcd stricter drunk driving
laws. rcltabilitation. attd education
measures. ratltcr tltatt raising the
drinking age to 21. “Tire answer is
not an incrctoc lit the legal drinking
age." ltc said. “but art aoarcncss of
the problem."

Schnitu and that ucryonisu-

Olympic hopefuls aided by students

By Keith Marder

|\.\ll('l-i ll MPH/(IS I Ill/UR

Thrcc SUNYA wrestlers. a tttcmbcr of the track
tcattt. artd llll'L'L‘ assistant coacltcs have a good eltancc
of making the 1984 Uttitcd States summer oiytttpic

lL‘illll.

SUNYA \\t'estliug coach .loe DcMeo and ('cntral
(‘ouncil rttcrttbcr (ircgg Stackcl. a member of the
wrestling team. have set up a ('ornntittcc for Olympic
ll'opei'ttls to raise the funds necessary to send the
athletes to the Olympic trials. Stackcl is also chairman

' of the committee.

According to Stackcl tltc cottttttittcc has organized
many fund-raising events. A rnini-olyrttpics will
highlight Lone Star llccr Night at the Ratltskcllar.
March i5. The activities in which the tltrccvpcrson
teams will participate ittclrtdc a chili dog-eating and
soda drinking contest. playing a track and field video
game. otte frame of bowling and a balloon inflating
and popping race. The cost is $5 to enter a learn which
trill compete for gold. silvcrpnnd bronze medals.

The committee will also be selling raffle tickets Frl-*
day in the Campus Center. First prize is a l9 inch color
television set. second prize will be a dinner for two at
an area restaurant. and'tltlrd prize will be a gift cer-
tificate at a beverage“ distributor. The drawing is

.

‘ ‘ ' for April 29.

Other events scltedntcti lor April 29 irrcltrdc :t five

kilorttctcr rtrnatlton artd a coin toss and drop .tl ll'tt.‘

\lillllilcl' games.

Rat. Participants \\lll bc competing for Star belt
buckles and stuffed c.tglc~: the official animal of the

Tltc money raised from these acti\ itcs will be divided

'trs follows: 50 percent will go to HP athletes who are
currently SUNYA undergraduates and 25 percent will
go to the assistant coacites who have the talent to make
the team. The remaining 25 percent will be saved for
i988.contenders such as wrestler Dave Averill. who
recently won the Division lil national championships.

14>

 

 

 

 

 

