  

   
  

.r.-.

 

   
 

 

53.". m, _

 
  
  
    

,. .4... .-_.

  
 

  
   

    
  

  
   
   
  
  
    
   

'wMéT’u‘v—E’- “94......” r. J.

  
    
    
   
  
    
   
  
   
      
   
 
    
  
  

 

 

 

 

     
    
   
   
     

 

FRIDA Y, JANUAR Y 27. 7984

 

 

B Keith Murder. ~ .

A Debt rs smnrscotmn

V Albany State took 33 more shots than RPI;
they accumulated 10 more assists than their
opponents, and outrebounded the Engineers .

 

Take a guess who won. if you said Albany,
you were wrong. The RPI Engineers defeated
the Albany State Great Danes 62-61 Wednes-
day night at University Gym. . ‘

The game served as a fine homecoming for
former Dane basketball captain andvassistant

ED MARUSSLCH UPS

Dane captain Wilson Thomas goes up for two of his 24 points In Albany’s 62-61 loss
to the RPI Engineers at University Gym Wednesday night.

Grapplers ’ holiday win streak sn

By Marc Berman
assoc/A r5 sron rs EDI rm:

Unfortunately for the Albany State wrestl-
ing team, their holiday break had to end.

After sweeping their three meets during the
four week winter recess, the Danes. in their
first match of the new semester, were dealt
out a severe licking by Division II Springfield
College. 38-7, Wednesday afternoon at the
University Gym. .

The Danes, whose record dropped to 8-3,
were beaten in 10 out of 12 matches, in-
cluding the last seven.

Dane head coach Joe DcMeo had nothing
but praise for the victors. whose record
climbed to 13-4: “They're a quality team,"
he said following the meet. “They beat Army
earlier this season and they (Army) are one of
the finest Division l clubs in the East. 1 was a
little disappointed because i thought it
would've been closer."

The Danes came into the meet riding the
crest of a successful semester break in which
they upended Williams. Potsdam, and
Oneonta.

And at the start of Wednesday’s afternoon
meet it appeared their momentum from the
break would carry over. The Danes, whose
best three wrestlers occupy the ﬁrst three
weight classes, took two of the ﬁrst three
matches.

118 pound Freshman Shawn Sheldon
opened up the meet by losing to Springfield's
Daryl Arroyo in a 12-5 decision.

“Sheldon shows great potential," said
Springﬁeld coach Doug Parker. “1 was im-

pressed with him, bttt he was going up against
a very experienced senior."

Junior All-American Dave Averill tied the
meet at 3-3 when he outpointed Division ll
All-American Craig Kosinski in easily the
most exciting match of the afternoon. It led
up to its advanced billing as the two All-
Americans were deadlocked at 4-4 until
Averill scored a spectacular three-point
takedown with only 15 seconds remaining in
the match.

The triumph was even sweeter for Averill
considering he was beaten by Kosinski earlier
in the season at a West Point Tournament.

In order for Averill to increase his personal
dual meet record to 10-1 — his only loss com-
ing against Onconta —— he had to overcome a
4-1 deficit at the end oftwo periods.

“At that point I guess 1 was just trying to
keep it close," said the All-American follow-
ing the meet. “He had beaten me before but
this time i felt in better shape because we
started our double workouts."

134 pound John Balog boosted the Danes

r to a 7-3 lead with a 13-5 decision over Tom

Berger. Balog came from behind as he trailed
4-0 midway through the ﬁrst period. From
there, Balog dominated by outscoring him
13-1. ‘

But after the Balog match. it was all
downhill for the Purple Gang. Springﬁeld
swept the next seven matches, which included
two pins and a forfeit at the heavyweight slot
with the match out of reach.

Next up on the Danes’ state will be on

 

 

coach John Quattrocchi, who is currently in
his first full season as head coach of the
Engineers. .

' He guided his team to a victory in the same

gymnasium he has so many fond memories ‘

of, beating a coach he has nothing but
respect and admiration for.

“i told the players in the lockerroom. we
had the second best coach—and the best
players," said Quattrocchi. ' '

The Engineers won the game by using the
style of play that was Quattrocchi's
trademark as a player. They played smart
and shot extremely well (61% from the field),
especially foul shots in pressure situations
down the stretch.

“When he (Quattrocchi) played here,"
recalled Albany State trainer Jack Koelmel,
"he wasn’t our quickest guard but he was our
smartest player. Just like (Dane point guard
Dan) Croutier he would want to handle the
ballat the ettd of close games. When he got
fouled he would always hit the foul shots."

With 20 seconds remaining and Albany
trailing 58-57 RPI forward John Mahony was
fouled around the mid-court stripe. Mahony
missed the front end of the one and one. The
Danes were unable to capitalize on this
mistake as Engineer foward Robert Fassett
came up with the loose ball. He was promptly
fouled and calmly sank both of his shots.
That made it four straight in the final 1:06
and six out of seven in the final 5:41 of the
game for Fassett, not too shabby considering
Fassett is a 44% foul shooter on the season.

“1 was making them in the beginning and
that built up my confidence,” said Fassett.

Albany guard Dave Adam then hit a
baselincjumpcr to bring the Danes to within
a point again, 60-59.

Adam then fouled Mike Giannaccini on
the ensuing inbounds play. That put Gian-
naccini on the foul line with seven seconds

still left on the clock. The RPI guard canned
both of his chances to give the Engineers a
three pointlcad that iced the game.

“Give RPl credit,"said Albany Head
Coach Dick Sauers. “They did what they had
to do to win."

The Albany wrestling was upended by a

apped, 38-7

Danes come up Short; beaten by Engineers, 62-61

in the ﬁrst‘half, attempting to stop the
Engineers' high r scoring guard Eric
Weinberger. Albany utilized a box-and-one
defense. While this defense effectively
stymied Weinberger it neglected to stop
Fasset, who scored seven points in the first
three minutes as RPI jumped out to a quick
9-4 lead. '

The hot hands of Wilson Thomas and
John Mracek enabled Albany to take their
first lead of the game, 31-30 with 3:05 left in
the first half. .

While Thomas scored most of his 14 first
half points off of sharp passes from Croutier
(10 assists on the game), Mracek was making
his own opportunities. Mracek had two steals
and five points in a span of 1:42.

Both teams traded baskets to finish out the
half as Albany went into the lockerroom
ahead 35-34.

The Danes came out strong at the outset of
the second half. They opened up a six point
lead, 43-37 for their biggest lead of the game.

But RPI never gave up. As the Danes‘
shots stopped failing the Engineers scratched
and clawed their way back. With 5:41 re-
maining RPl captured the lead for good,
50—49.

On three occasions in the final two minutes
the Danes were able to cut the deficit to one.
but they failed to make the big play.

"When Mahony missed that foul sltot it
was our chance to win the game,“ said
Sauers on the Danes' best opportunity to
have the ball with a chance to take the lead
late in the game.

Perhaps game high scorer Thomas (24)
summed it up best: “They played better of-
fensively than us. Doc (Saucrs) said before
the game it was going to be one of the
toughest defenses we would play against. He
was right.“

HOOP-LA: The Danes are about to enter the
heart of their conference schedule as their
next seven games are against SUNYAC
rivals...The first of these conference games is
in Potsdam tomorrow night at
8:00...Potsdam is on a tear of late as they
' have recently crushed Cortland ill-74 . Cl

  

 

ED MRUSSICH UPS
tough Division 11 Springfield team, 38-7

Wednesday afternoon to drop their dual meet record to Mt.

Saturday afternoon in a triangular meet
against St. Lawrence — a club that defeated
Springﬁeld — and Hunter College.

TAKE DOWNS: Former Dane wrestler Ed
Gleeson has rejoined the club and is expec-
ting to be Inserted In the lineup next week.
DeMeo says he plans on some major shuffl-
lng once Gleeson starts . . . Andy Sens was
in the crowd watching the Springfield meet.

Sens redahlrted the season so he could con-
centrate all his efforts on tyrlng out for the
1984 Summer Olympics. Sens still practices
with the Dane squad . . . Over the four week
winter break, Albany State scored victories
over William (2349). Potsdam-1040). and
0neonta(23-19). Against Oneonta, the meet
wun't decided until the heavyweight match
when Papo Rivera recorded a pin. Cl

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Campus group -

rallies to
sho w support

By Jerry Campione
ASSOCIA 15 NE ws canon

Hot on the heels of President
Reagan’s announcement that he
would seek a second term, the Col-
lege Republicans of SUNY Albany
sponsored their ﬁrst "Rally for
Reagan," in the campus center.

The rally, which, according to
Rich Schiotis, president of the
Albany County Young
Republicans, was arranged rather
hurriedly, attrac'ted only 15 people.
However. Schiotis claimed atten-
dance could have been better had he
not overlooked the campus podium
poster approval policy.

According to Schiotis, the posters
publicizing the event were put up on
campus at about 10:30 pm. Sunday
night. By 8:30 am. Monday morn-
ing, Schiotis claimed. many of the
posters had been removed from the
podium.

"Someone took advantage of it
(not getting the posters stamped),"
said Schiotis, who speculated that
“people who were Mondale sttp-
porters got them down."

Sean O'Brien, President for the
Students for Mondale Committee,
stated that, “No, it was not our
group."

“it's rather unfortunate that it
did happen," said O'Brien, adding,
"let’s hope it doesn’t happen

  
 
 

 

 

 

Monday’s “Rally for Reagan" In the Campus Center

   

3 “Matt! 51%;, 

  

NUMBER 2

"Reagan re-election plans heat upi.’84campaign

"

i Reagan, ends
speculation ‘
on candidacy

Washington, D. C.
(ASSOCIATED PRESS) President
Reagan, saying he needs another
term to complete his work, is a can-
didate for re-election with his sup-
porters predicting “a close. tough
election," and his oppostion saying
the voters will "reject four more
years of danger, four more years of
pain."

Reagan ended any lingering
doubts about his political plans
with a paid political broadcast Sun-
day night in which he said, “Our
work is not finished.” The presi-

 

 

Hurried/y planned rq/ly attracted [5 people.

again." He also mentioned that
several of his group's posters had
been torn down as well.

Director of Campus Life, Jim
Doellefeld, whose ofﬁce is in charge
of poster policy enforcement, said
that he hasn't asked people to
remove any posters since last
semester.

“Nobody who works for me was
even out there during that time
period,” said Doellefeld, who add-
ed that the pcrson who removes
dated and unstamped posters on
Mondays doesn’t start work until
two p.m.

According to Schiotis, SUNYA is
a liberal campus, which is why

many students don't want to admit
to supporting Reagan. However, he
added, “there is a silent majority on
campus for Reagan."

Schiotis said that students‘should
become involved in the upcoming
election‘ because “students are
future leaders." Right now, the
groups are trying to organize the
area and may be circulating peti-
tions to select delegates to the
Republican Convention in Dallas,
according to Will Kamishlian.
President of College Republicans.

“Reagan turned the country
around, even radicals admit that."
said Schiotis, who added that “the
country is in much better shape"

 

since Reagan took office in
January, 1981.
Reagan has “done everything he
could have done," added Schiotis.
“A- |ot~of us are hoping 'for
(Reagan's) re-election." he said.

As for what lies ahead for both
College Republicans and Albany
County Young Republicans,
Schiotis said that their future ac-
tivities “are up to the Reagan cam-
paign."

Kamishlian said that this past
weekend a Fieldman School was
held here. The weekend seminar is
designed to get College Republicans
together and teach them how to run
7b

 

By Caryn Mlsko

STAFF WRITER

and Assembly.

crease in two years.

Governor Mario Cuomo's proposed budget for 1984 plans to enact
a tuition hike which has generated great controversy among both
SUNYA student leaders and members of the New York State Sentate

The budget would increase tuition for undergraduates by $200, even
though a $300 hike was imposed by last year's budget. According to
Student Association of the State University President Jim Tierney, if
these two increments are combined this represents a 47 percent in-

Last year, graduatevstudent tuition was increased by $450 and this
year it would be incremented again by $350. Out of state and foreign

 

“The tuition increases will hurt
university access if they are not
stopped. ”

—Jim Tierney

 

was raised by $900.

 

students have been the hardest hit by Cuomo's tuition hikes, according
to Tierney. This year their tuition would be raised by $500, last year it

“Stanley Fink. (D-Brooklyn), Speaker of the Assembly, has come
out strongly against this increase," said Tierney. “We are looking
towards him to_support us in fighting the hike." Student Association
President Rich Schaffer said that he would be meeting with Mark
Allan Siegel. chair of the Higher Education Department of the State
Assembly, Ken Lavalle and other representatives to discuss this mat-

Proposed tuition increase meets opposition

1.

said Tierney.

Schaffer said. “Right now the state is in a semi-good ﬁnancial state.
The $20 million which will be generated by the tuition hikes can be
derived from somewhere else." He pointed out that the state division
for youth, which handles juvenile delinquents, spends $175 million per
year on 2,500 children. “This is about $8,600 per person," he noted.
The Brookwood hospital has 60 patients and 120 staff members,
Schaffer noted. “The State spends wastefully in some areas,” he

maintained.

Gary Fryer, Press Secretary for Cuomo, said “Everyone asks ‘Why
can't the cuts come from somewhere else?’ Mental hospitals are
primarily dependent for the state for survival. correctional facilties
which are already overcrowded are being clamored for by citizens who
are sick and tired ofcrime. There is not a shortage of legitimate need.

only of resources. "

Tierney said, “Last year Cuomo wanted huge reductions in posi-
tions. However, in coalition with United University Professions,
(UUP), only 1,400 positions were cut SUNY wide instead of the 4.000

proposed by Cuomo."

This year has been a year of economic recovery. he said. Business,
sales and income taxes are all up. acording to Tierney, Since there is

er.

Schaffer said that February 27 is designated as the day SUNYA
students will march on the capital to fight the hike. He explained the
lobbying will not stop there, but will take place over a period of time.
He added that other SUNY institutions will be busing in students to
protest against the proposed budget.

Tierney hopes to work for a $21 million revenue increase to over-
come the proposed tuition hike. $eight million of which would be used
to avert a $150 dorm increase. This would be the fifth dorm increase in
five years. These increases are well above the rate of inflation, headd-
ed. “it is cheaper to live off-campus for 12 months with a kitchen;’-tliv-
ing room and private bathroom than it is to live in a dorm for seven
and a half months where you're not even offered full tenant rights,"

 

14F

 

dent also made it clear he wants
George Bush to continue as vice

On his first day as a candidate for
re-election. the 72-year-old presi-
dent's schedule began with a
meeting with arms negotiator Ed-
ward L. Rowny. He had a midday
'speechi‘ to,“ religious broadcasters
while his wife,"N'ari:y,-ﬂann‘ ed to
visit his campaign headquarters.

“it was a mutual decision," Mrs.
Reagan said in a statement. “1 sup-
port him fully.”

Reagan, who turns 73 on Feb. 6,
is the oldest person ever to serve as
president and his age and possible
objections by his wife were usually
cited in speculation that he might
decide against a second term.

But the president clearly is ready
to run.

In an tntervrcw wtth Newsweek
magazine, Reagan gavca preview of
his strategy against Walter F. Mon-
dale. the front-runner for the
Democratic presidential nomina-
tion.

"I think he has tried to be all
things to all people," Reagan said
of Mondale. “And i think he’s
made more promises than probably
can possibly be kept."

The president was no more
specific about his second-term
goals. Neither did he mention trou-
ble spots like Lebanon. where more
than 260 U.S. servicemen have been
killed, or Central America.

    

President Ronald Reagan
"Our work is not finished. "

 

   

