 

my”... “*3, "‘  ‘ ‘

“enzyme... B...“

~ Mw._.‘m,

 

 

 

6.-A1:34N Y STUDENT PRESS ‘ E] FRIDA Y, MARCH 2. [284

Kissinger study assailed in World Week lecture

By ‘John Skelly

Claiming that United States
credibility, has “stretched beyond
belief," Dr. James Cockcroft
criticized the U.S. Foreign Policy in
Latin America Wednesday.

The speech was the third in a
series” held in conjunction with
World ,Week and was sponsored by
the International Development Pro-
gram.

Cockcroft's speech centered
primarily on the Henry Kissinger
report' on conditions in Central
America. The report, commission-
ed by the Reagan administration.
dealt primarily with two aspects:
the Soviet-Cuban threat and U.S.
credibility.

“Thereis no concrete proof oi
Soviet-Cubanaid to insurrectionist
forces in Central America,"
Cockcroft said, adding, “the threat

. is unproven and a ﬁgment of the

authors.”

. Cockcroft said that although the
former Secretary of State is well
regarded in this country, he is “not
popular in the rest of the world."

News Updates

Cockcroft added that the reason
he disapproves of the report is
because of Klssinger's previous
record, including “the'bombing of
Cambodia, approved illegal
wiretaps. and his recommendation
of the Christmas bombing of
Hanoi." He called the report a
"forfeiture" and said it was “a
strange world the report moved in"
with only two dissenting views on
the committee.

Cockcroft said he disagreed on I

three of the points made in the
report, in general. The ﬁrst point he
mentioned was that the U.S. should
show support of the central govern-
ment against the right and the left
wing factors in Guatemala.

This, Cockcroft said. is impossi-
ble because there is no real central
government. Cockcroft said that
either the U.S. supports the right or
the left and he described the right as
murderers and the left as extreme
terrorist guerillas.

The second point Cockcroft men-
tioned was the elimination of the

 

 

Cockcroft also disputed the point
that El Salvador is a democracy.

He called this belief a fallacy and
said that “they allow aspects of a
democracy." However, he noted,
Archbishop Romero of El Salvador
was “killed during mass by govern-
ment soldiers.," This, noted
Cockcroft, is not an aspect of
democracy.

According to Cockcroft, the
reason the U.S. has a Latin
American Foreign Policy is because
of economic interests. “The U.S.
invested $l50 billion worldwide last
year. reaping $20 billion in profit
with sales of over one-half trillion
dollars," Cockcroft said, adding
that, “the Latin American share
was 20 percent."

The truth about Latitt America is
“widespread poverty," according
to Cockcroft. “76 percent of Hon-
duran children suffer malnutrition.
one of three Salvadorans dies
before age five; in El Salvador ,
murder is the leading cause of »

 

death, and less than five percent of DL “mas Cockcm"

 

LOIS MATTA ONI UPS

 

 

 

IFG gets projector

The International Film Group's projector
problems seem to have been solved for this
semester at least. according to Student
Association Programming Director Rich
Golubow. University Cinemas is allowing
"’0 to use its projector on Thursday even-
ings, he said.

Last semester all four of lFG's projectors
broke down. The ﬁlm gronp was forced to
rent equipment from the Campus Center
Audio-Visual department in order to con-
tinue showing ﬁlms.

IFG’s future remains in doubt. Golubow
said. The organization may request funds for
a new projector, he said. A new projector
would cost approximately $2,500, he
estimated.

Theater. But, said Golubow, this plan has
not been seriously considered. He said that
the president of the Fireside Theater, Ron
Cowit, is opposed to that idea because he

pus ﬁlm organizations.

April polling places

Student
primaries will be at the same locations as they
were for the November, 1983 elections, ac-
cording to Student Association President.
Rich Schaffer.

“We are in the process of appealing the
polling place decision.” said Schaffer. SA
had previously charged the city of Albany
with gerrymandering. disenfranchisement of
voters, and illegal redrawing of election
districts.

Schaffer said that SA is currently working
with the Board of Elections to correct the
problem of misplaced student cards.

Another possibility would be a merger with
the third campus ﬁlm group, the Fireside   

U.S. Tobacco, the company which pro-
duces Skoal Bandits, a Wintergreen-flavored
tobacco, recently announced the winners of

polling places for the April

Sweepstakes," according to a Skoal Bandits
press release.

Lynn Rosenthal, a junior at SUNYA, was
awarded one of the l0 grand prizes, accor-
ding to the release. She will be flown to
Daytona Beach, Florida, for a 10-day all-
expenses paid vacation, U.S. Tobacco said.

The Contest had attracted over 60,000 en-
tries from more than 300 colleges and univer-
sities nationwide, according to the release.

Angels in Albany

The Guardian Angels will be organizing a
chapter in Albany beginning in mid-April,
according to the Times Union.

Group founder Curtis Sliwa said that an
opinion poll of area residents showed that the
Guardian Angels were wanted in Albany,
said the Times Union.

Albany Mayor Thomas Whalen ill, and
other city ofﬁcials, have said that the city
could control crime without the aid of the
Guardian Angels, the Times Union said.

U.S. ban on military aid to police the people own the land," _ ,, .
forces in central America, Cockcroft said. [:1 The Int/It aboul Latm America is "widespread poverty. "
feels that there should be three separate cam- their “Skoal Bandits Spring Fling

Open meetings ruling

The ASP, which has been trying to gain ac-
cess to certain University meetings that are
closed to the public, such as the alcohol
policy and bus fee task force meetings, has
recently received support from the Executive
Director of the New York State Comntittcc
On Open Government. Robert Freeman.

In a letter to Assistant Counsel to the State
University of New York, Carolyn Pasley,
dated February 8, Frccman urged SUNY to
declare those meetings open.

SUNY maintains that its closed meetings
do not fall under New York's Open Meetings
Law because the task forces are advisory
bodies. Freeman said that such meetings are
covered by the Open Meetings Law.

“It is difficult to understand, from my
perspective. how the leadership of the Slate
University can in good faith ignore statutory
changes as well as judicial confirmations of
the expansive scope of the Open Meetings
Law," Freeman stated.

 

 

 

 

 

ACIIENTIQN; ACTS NEEDED FOR
AIR BAND CONTEST
MARCH 1 O-STATE’ QUAD FLAGROQ

$100 IN PRIZES

a lNFO~ CALL sass—457.4753 i

goo-uo-uue-uconu-oaneeu

 

t

 
   
   
 

J

 

LIMIT one PER cusroMER

. Israeli
Dancing

EVERY MONDAY
DUTCH QUAD FLAGROOM 7-9pm

Hope to see you there!
Enjoy your Jewish culture! 

' » webmamwﬂw..." ,...

“Taco Pronto

item of e

 

Explres
so am-ll pm tat-594$ 3/ 9/ 84

oaeaaeeeeeoeee-la-oueoesconce-o-

aaaeneeeeeeeu'ooeeoeealoleeeooeaeoeeolitoloeeaueeeeo...onugpoeeeuuaoeeeeeti

ENCHI'I'O
F with purchase of any

ual or reater value

1746 Western Ave. - Albany (Across from SUNYA)
OPEN DAILY lo:

.n...ou~ocn.uou.oaunu-u

 

  
  
 

JSC-Hlllel SA Funded

 

 

 

By Eric Hindln
srarr wants .

SUNYA students. you may be eating food
cooked by, a man once the mayor of the
village of Colonic.

Charles 8. Milton, affectionately known to
friends and co-worlters as '

“Uncle Chuck" is, as he

puts it, “having a ball”

working as a cook at the 
Dutch Quad Cafeteria.

Milton was also the mayor of the village of
Colonic from l969-l979.

Milton, before coming to UAS, owned his
own restaurant, called "Chucks" for 28
years. “I sold the restaurant in 1979," he re-
counts. “lt was a cross between a fast-food
kind of place, and a diner, and to successful-
ly compete with other such establishments re-
quired l2-16 hour work days." For those
with good memories, I‘Chucks" was located
at the‘corner of Central AVenue and Mann-
ing Boulevard.

For now, Milton is happy with his position
at UAS. Besides enjoying the art of cooking,
Milton is getting, as he puts it, “the college
experience."

“i didn’t attend college," he explained.
"After getting out of high school, i im-
mediately joined the service, and spent three
years in Korea.” if Milton could have his
way, he would spend more of his time at
UAS serving food. “That way,” he says. “i
could get to know even more students than i
already do.”

“Being the mayor
and running one’s
own business required
very long work
days. ”

——C/zarles Milton

 

Milton describes his tcn years as mayor as
“lots of fun," and a “learning experience.
Being mayor of a village like Colonic is en-
joyable,” said Milton, “because the political
setup is such, that one cottld do something,
and sec tangible results."

Milton’s rccord as mayor, docs ittdccd in.
cludc some major accomplishments. “At the

FRIDA y, 'MAkCH 2.798) a may; graham-mm 

Ex-COIonie mayor serVes as Dutch QUad’s chef-

time I took office," he recalled, “the com-
munity was in the process of growing. We im-
mediater began work on a new $20 million
sanitary sewer system, to replace the existing
one which was old and inadequate."

The actual cost to the village," said
Milton. "was 58‘ million, the other Sl2
million we obtained through Washington."
Dealing with Washington, according to
Milton, was an extremely complicated pro-
cess. “After our engineers designed the
system, we had to put our proposal in the ex- _
act form Washington wanted. The issue had
to then be put before the electorate." ‘

Then, according to Milton, the games
started. "Like everyone else, we had to pat
some people on the back. and wine and dine
some others. Finally we were granted the
funds we wanted." At the time, many other
villages applied for such funds, but not
everyone, he recalled, was able to get them.

While Milton served as mayor, he also in-
stituted free trash collection. Before devising
this system, he explained, residents were
responsible for getting rid of their own trash.

According to Milton, the village was for-
tunate to have gotten as many grants as it
did. Such grants, he explained, were usually
used for capitol improvement, and any funds
obtained would replace money already
allocated in the budget for these im-
provements. The village of Colonic was thus
able to save this money, and use it at a later
time, instead of using bonds. Milton
estimates that his efforts at scrimping and

saving netted the villagc’ol‘ Colonic $2.25
million, during his ten years as mayor. Taxes,
Milton proudly recalled, were never raised
during his term.

The village also opened numerous parks,
recalled Milton, "Recreation and land
preservation were always a concern of
mine." in honor of his efforts. one of these
parks was named after hint. Milton Park,
which takes up approximately four acres, is
located on Rapplc Drive. in the village of
Colonic.

Milton moved to Colonic in I959, the same
year he was married. Colonic at the time was
predominantly republican, and as a
democrat, Milton was asked by a neighbor to
become involved in local politics. in l967 he
officially cntercd what he tcrtncd the “local
ratracc" when he was elected trustee of the
village.

 

Charles 8. "Uncle Chuck" Milton, center

 

HOB LUCKEV UPS

 

Milton was elected mayor in 1969. Being
eicclcd, Milton recalled, took many hours of
hard work over along period of time. "Cam-
paigning in those days,” he explained, “in-
volved going door to door. and discussing
onc's position on the issues.” Milton became
Colonic's first dctnocratic mayor in quite a
long time.

In I979, Milton lost a re-clection bid to
Herbert Kuhn. “Colonic,” he recalled, “had
7,000 registered voters, and i lost by 70 votes.
1 probably didn't campaign as hard as I
should ltavc that year, i really didn‘t think
my opponent, whom i had appointed as a
trustee, could beat me."

"Having a lull " working a! Dim-l1 Quml Cafeteria.

Being mayor, Milton recalled, was a job
one did out of love. With a raise that he
voted himselfwhile in ofﬁce, the most Milton
earned as mayor was $4,000 a year. As a
trustee, he earned $720 per year. “Being the
mayor. and running ones own business re-
quired very long workdays,“ said Milton.

Right now, Milton has no plans to run
again for mayor, but he doesn't rule out the
possibility of getting involved in some aspects
of local politics, in the future.

Milton's wife, Kathleen, also works for
UAS, as a cashier in the Campus Center
cal‘ctcria. His daughter is a freshman at
SUNYA and lives on Colonial Quad.

Parents volunteer career advice to undergraduates

 

 

Bette Herzog

~t-Kmm. ,g

 

 

"Job placenta/ll officer tin/i 'I always find Illt’ perfect job. "

. am-.- .....W.Mm._mmmt " ""

By Betsy Eckel
smit- WRITER

Many SUNYA students may have
misconceptions about what their planned
careers will really be like. To combat this pro-
blem. University officials have devised an ad-
visory program.

Parent Career Advisers is a unique pro-
gram that allows undergraduates to gain ﬁrst
hand knowledge of opportunities in the job
market, according to Assistant for University
Communications Bette Herzog.

Several hundred parents of SUNYA
students are willing to speak with students
about opportunities and requirementsujn
their own particular fields of specialization.
They work in different areas —- business,
engineering, the arts, education, law,
medicine, and all types of related fields, said
Herzog.

The parent advisers listed are from all
parts of New York State and surrounding
areas, including Albany, New Jersey, and
Long island. Students can find a roster of
names and addresses of the career advisors in
the Deans’ Ofﬁces, the Quad Offices. Center
for Undergraduate Education, or'Student
Affairs.

Herzog urges students to stop in any of-
fice, review the list. and contact the parents
in their home area.

Assistant Dean of CUE Dick Collier. said
that. “maybe one or two students a month"
ask him for the lists. Collier said he doesn't
know how frequently they are used in the
other offices.

“The job placement ofﬁces don‘t always
find the perfect job," said Collier. Students
frequently "luck out" when they look for
jobs through the Parent Career Advisement
service.

“What I hope is that a student will meet a

parent whose company is hiring, but i want
to stress that this is not a job placement pro-
gram. lt is primarily an opportunity for
students to meet someone actively working in
their ﬁeld of interest who is willing to share
their knowledge of the field," explained Her-
zog.
“What one learns in school is not what one
needs to get out in the world and make a liv-
ing," said Mary Kane, who signed up to be
an adviser for students in Arts and Design.
She said she believes that the service could be
very useful in getting a job.

Kane said that she had not yet been con-
tacted by any students.

Several hundred
parents are willing to
speak with students.

 

“it seems to me very interesting to learn
how someone got into his chosen ﬁeld,"
elaborated Herzog. “Students may be in col-
lege with a certain career in mind and may
end up doing something else because they're
unsure of the requirements or special training
involved. Hopefully. Parent Career Advisors
will clear up some of the problems,“ added
Herzog.

Many of the parents in this area said they
have not been contacted at alland are disap—
pointed that students are not taking advan-
tage of the new program. Herzog said she is
optimistic about a greater response in the
future. ~

 

