 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

    

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

.. t '. ' ~ ' , A ' I ‘ ‘  ' . ,
4. ALBANYSTUDENTERESS | T. TUESDA Y. FEBRUARY I4. I984 _ ’ . TUESDAY. FEBRUARYI“ [m D ALWYSWDWPRBSS 5 g;
l . e e ‘ - V at stu ant program ‘0 I‘OSUMO ,6
‘ Compiled by Jane‘ Anderson. editorial 8 i i
- . v . » v y Eileen Keette
. § assistant. ‘I’hotos by Lisa Summons. UPS. .   ' Em“ Russian swdems' ("mm"), scheduled m.
, study at SUNYA last tall. are expected to arrive here .
it - on February 23. according to office of International \
t; . programs director Alex Shane. 
i . The ofﬁcial Russian explanation was that technical 3'
g  -. _ , _ problems had. forced the exchange program to be 1
3 _ by Alan Mkboum postponed. Shane. however, said the delay was pro- f
' "We're always where we shouldn't he. It’salwavs . January 28-Fobnmry 19 bably due to the international furor surrounding the "
onrnten being killed. If we really tlnnk we can do Comic intrigues abound in the English countryside, Soviet’s downing of a Korean Air Lines 747 last
something then it's okay to go In, but I ktnd of 'Corporata sponsor; Sterlingwmmrop Research rnsmme/ September I. ,
think it‘s a hopeless situation. " I ’ I ‘ Sterling Drug Inc. In response to the airliner incident Canada had clos- ~
—'rrish Dngllolo  s I n  s I a Performances: Tuesday-Saturday 8:00pm; ed its airports to Aeroﬂot planes for 60 days beginning ‘
Sunday 2:30pm and Wednesday. Feb. 1. 2:30 pm September 6. American airports had previously stop-
, Non Student Tickets 38-313 ped allowing Aeroflot flights in response to the l98l
Students with ID. a price Tiresday-Thursday evenings.and soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
.- Sunday Matinee. Limited availabllltySOminutes beiore curtain. The students will ﬂy imo Monueal February 23 and
e . xggzcmﬂfvm amﬁowlmrkmsgma‘dlsg’4osﬂgﬁ travel from that city to Albany the same day.
MasterCard mainssaciaptea.i§t$3mna.oi'ﬁﬂiinngia.) 5‘ When they 3""? ti“ Sii’dems w'" "ye 5’" Dumb
"I feel they had I") right to be there in the first . ~ 1 Quad “lhc'e 'hey w'" I've mm 3 fellow Russmn room-
place without a firm idea of what they’re doing. "we and “"0 America“ sunmfa'est Sh“? saiq- : ‘ x
Other people are goittg to lose respect for the U.S. A Th"? mlﬁe: [hmc they W'nr be “"218 ‘l_"c'l:de '"hmnloﬂﬂ "OWN" DIM.” MCX Shin. UPS i
since we went inlo it with Ito tt'n ' o winn'n . " mCI’ICBn IS OI'Y. ammuntca tons. an a ore gn - . ,
_R:cm{rd Gulinfmm language. Shane said the students have already taken Russ,“ Students m” [we 0" Du'ch Quad'
1 four years of English while in the Soviet Union. Each fall, Shane said, SUNY sends ten students,
I Shane explained that all the exchange students. who both male and female, along with an advisor to study
Le   e C I  I e attend the Maurice Thorez Institute of Foreign Affairs in Moscow. In return. this campus receives eight to ten
in MoscowI are all male because 95 percent of the ln-. students and an advisor to study for one semester.
stitutc's enrollment is male. Last semester, only nine SUNY students went to
\ I As part of their stay in the United States a cultural Moscow. because one of the students decided not to
I program has been arranged that will take the students make the exchange after the jetliner incident. Shane
lc e s  a e I to Boston. New York City, and Washington, DC, said.
Shane said. Shane, who helped with the ground work of the pro~
 The students will also visit SUNY New Paltz and gram before being appointed Director of the Office of
Q . ; SUNY Oswcgo, Shane said, because both of those International Studies said he feels that this program
"1 Min/,- /,,.v_,- ,w, “ping ,0 "ml", any/mm 1mm.  us  schools have undergraduate programs in Russian provides a very positive cultural experience for both I:
—— he '3 just worsening the problem. He 'sjust fttr— 18'1811386. groups or Sindems “5 we“ as me uniVersmeS may 3" i
tltering the war effort by not pulling troops out. tend.
People (Ion 'I want as there. " Shane said that after spending the semester here the In addition to the undergraduate program. SUNYA
_usn McCormick - ' students will return to the Thorez Institute for another has exchange programs with the Soviet Union for pro-
e - VISA. and Mausoleum. cm" cg". Now Avguab|. year before graduating. He added that most T horez fessors and graduate students, he said.
’ ’ ’ to Sludontl through TWESFNEH"! IonltAclton Program! graduates go on to careers in the Soviet Foreign Ser- The graduate exchange program is run in conjunc- ,
 c '0' c we, vice. tion with Moscow State University. This year SUNYA _ ,
Wh I d h. _ , . . Won-mm ‘ W om ° The SUNYA-Thorez exchange program is the only sent 12 graduate students in the fall and three pro- \ r
a 0 you 1 wk about the major foreign policy changes In 5°Ml°3TMSOVGFH9°qu0ﬂm Who / one in existence in this country that involved the direct fessors for the spring semester. 1
Lebanon_ speciﬁcally bringing the U'S. Marines off shore, and m SWHlDent “2276 WI"! AWN” /R°°k"“'°- Mum exchange of Russian as well as American SUNYA did not hostsagw grad‘uate students here ttti‘s1 5.5" r
‘ r - - -' " ' under raduates, Shane noted. SUNYA will be hostin ear, but accord ng to ane, t e program s expcc e ‘f ,
Simultaneously escalating mmmry m volvemen’? L ‘ . ’ W the ongly Russian students in the country at this time.8 in resume as usual in the fall. El ‘
J § City strain E  ’
Phone ( ) I. ,
‘ Wm... i NY State escalates search for viable site ,
.-Tlrank God. It’s about time. I think he's trying ’ a start»: FrL‘l Soph Ci Jr a SID Stud :1 g ;
to make us look strong. It’ll nrake us look strong "ION! NOVOI II." a ION-I Tim. '0 50' VISA° and f I II I  I I g b g  p0 I i
in terms of defense policies. Those who know  s a   5 M°""c°'d° cud" Cam" APPIY “MINI E ‘        a e s  '

 

 

 

 WW ‘ .w an:anqu 

 

what '5 going on think it '5 like another Vietnam. "
. —Lisa Fendell

  
 
   

"I believe it ’s a play by Reagan to consume votes.
He 's not making a mo t'e that concerns hint or the
American people. just one that concerns his
political career. He is changing polie y yo drastical-

 

 

 

I.

for you 6? your sweet

    

T01 ASP-214840002

 

 

    

FORANEXTRABONUSPLAY

 

 

ll '
Béln pom

t,

By Caryn Mlske
STAFF WRITER

As a federally mandated l936
deadline draws nearer. New York
State ofﬁcials must find a new loca-
tion for the disposal of radioactive
waste.

Producers of low-level waste, in—
cluding Albany Medical Center and
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute,
await a state plan for the removal of
their waste beginning January 1.
1986.

passed the low-level radioactive
waste act in 1980.
This act requires that each state
make provisions for disposal of its
own radioactive waste. Moreover,
states are urged to join together in
regional compacts, rather than each
state providing its own disposal.
said Kobrynski. it is hoped that bet-
ter management and technology
will be the result of such compacts.
“To choose a geological site is very
expensive, especially for states such

 

Government and

NYPA

 

Origins of Low Waste Levels

 

 

 

In the past, accurding to Albany
League of Women Voters represen-

 

for New York, New Jersey. Penn—
sylvania, Maryland, Delaware and

guidelines to establish rules and
regulations for the proposed com-
pact, such as the handling of fees
and how much and how long a site
should operate.

Kobrynski asserted, “They also
would begin a search for a possible
site, although they did not decide
on the technology or standards that
would be pertinent of construction
of a site."

it was hoped that one state would
cotnc forward and be the host state.
However, if. no one came forward
the commission would then select a
host, noted Kobrynski. The host
Slitlc would be given two votes in

t

i , . . . .

- _ ly to mils/earl the American people. ” . - 3% the commtssron to give it some ad-

; ’: ——'I‘yrone Benton Mmm'y sm‘m” ditional weight in decision. ,
T i . Representatives from titcsc ll
; , Power Generation- 153/ states must present the Northeast
; — o

l

Compact to their legislatures, who
would then decide to accept or re-

alone." We would locate a site for
our own use. This is practical. but it

i .
y 1’ P or Generation- . jcct the compact by June, explained
1  — - — — - - _ — 0mm _ 31% Kobrynski-
i "The two 3 ho Id.t ' t . r ' - New York officials dectded to
g  States hflf Z rgspanZi’bi‘iitﬁdizmiyy :iiirlL/IIZLZZZ     Institutional conduc‘ a “my before vom'lg (in
i' democracy in the Middle East and to kce ll ‘ 51% [he compac" The energy omcc m
u t ' ‘ p re and Industrial . . . .
)’ Soviets and the Syrtans out of Lebanon. "     Sigrli’nccggilnmég :fgurggénrhe; 1::
h —Jodl Boll , . . . -
2- ' ' . lcvel radioactive waste management
J u The exciting Pilot ballpoint. It’s got everything ‘0 2° 3° 4° 5° study, which examined the options
goingforit. Smoother writing. Specialty deal “manna”: of New York State. said Kobrynski.
. \_\ . linger ribbing Ior continual writing can art. The advisory committee is
1, Stainless steel point. Tingaten carbide lull. rite _ A. spokesperson for Albany as Maine and Vermont that don’t ,holding hearings in Albany. New
.3 MMolt 'lnud' A "olﬁﬁ'IC-vgauaﬁ Mefllcal Center "Oled that the, generate much waste. Economical- York City. Mineola. Buffalo and
‘  y radioactive waste they produce is ly, these compacts would be quite Syracuse to discuss this study and
s]  ALSO   less harmful and more short-lived practical," Kobrynski explained. give peopleachance to air their opi- i
2’  > R    V than much ofthe waste that is being The Coalition of Northeast nions, Kobrynski noted. ‘
t  shtppcd out of the state. Governors is a proposed compact The first option is "going it
EC

  

"l guess he decided to go with popular opinion
and get out. They‘re still ﬁghting because he
wanted to get out gradually. "

—Mark Stein

 

Wei-um the right In rmer
IM nvai oi complrmonlnr

{crises TOFAC. Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

 

tative Carolyn Kobrynski. all state
radioactive garbage has been sent to
either South Carolina. Washington,
or Nevada.

However, to protect these states
from unwanted waste, Congress

the New England states. According
to Kobrynski. this compact serves
to set the framework for regional
government control in low level
radioactive waste. Representatives
from each of these It states set

is questionable whether it would be
1lawful since the federal law passed
in [980 declared that states should
plan together. "There is the
possibility of New York State not

'13»

 

 

