 

 

 

 

...L-M_w..»-~M-.  .1  ..

Loving is caring about someone else more
than yourself. Always having them on you
mind. It's totally being unselﬁsh. -

A

m rea

ndrea' Sn de

"W9

y osesse ’ . - _
art of being in love is my obsession. it's hav-

y.

It’s an elatlng feeling. I smile and l'm happy
when I think of love.
Camille Edwards

ng your Identity wrapped up with their identi-

Perspectives '

 
 
 

now. 9

n
somebody very much. That's

 

 
 

V
all I know.

7-year old sophist Eric VanDenburgh

Love Is letting someone be as rotten as they
are and as wonderful as they are at the same

time.

Nina Gureulch '

About ten minutes of hot and heavy.
. Vic Moudll

ove Is crazy.

Jlan - Yu

 

‘ ' it t e approa o a entine's Day and Sexuality Week. Aspects presents you with a
/few SUNY students' reactions to that popular question. “What is love?" These
responses were compiled and edited by ASP Senior Editor Mark Gesner. and UPS

photograher Bob Lucke .

 

 

,DeGrassi Solos, Sperbl

he audience was completely captivated

by the music and warm personality of

guitarist Alex DeGrassl Friday night. at
the Troy Savings Bank Music Hall. As he sat
down to play his second encore he related one
last humorous anecdote.

Gregg Herman

“This Is a kid song." he said. He had written
"Children's Dance" years ago and. not know-
Ing much about kids, decided to perform It at a
birthday party for a group of children. Alter
four bars of the song, the kids all got up and
walked away. DeGrassl joked that he thinks of
the song as “Children's Flight" now. The kids
may have walked away. but after a two hour
concert and two encores, Alex DeGrassl left
me wanting to hear more.

Alex DeGrassi's style is quintessential of ar-
tists on Windham Hill Records. Pianist George
Winston is the most popular artist on this label
which began pressing albums In the late seven-
ties. In a style best described as a fusion oi
classical, folk and jazz. Like ECM records.
Windham Hill features almost exclusively
acoustic instrumentation. While Windham Hill
records do not have any musicians with the
virtuosity of pianist Keith Jarrett (an ECM at»
tlst). they consistently have a quality that
makes their music at least as listenable. It Is
simply beautiful and beautiful In Its simplicity.

As i entered the music hall Friday night. my
first thought was that the setting was ideal for a
solo guitar concert. The nationally-renowned
acoustics were evident even from the voices of
the audience anticipating the music that was
soon to fill the hall. Once Alex DeGrassi began
to play. the music engulfed the audience as if

the whole house was within an enormous
guitar.

Alex's first set included music in his usua'
style; a free style In which he picked beautifu.
chords around a central droning note. The
style changed somewhat as he played "in-
verness." This piece was reminiscent of an
lrish or Scottish jig. it seemed Ironic though
that Alex introduced the song as his attempt to
play bagpipes on the guitar when the piece us-
ed less drone than the preceding piece. "36."
He ended Inverness by holding a chord and
rocking the guitar In his hands to produce a
pleasant chorusing effect. He used this techni-
que to conclude several tunes during concert.

DeGrassl introduced most of his tunes with
some kind of scenario. Usually these were
sights that inspired him to write the piece. He
attributed much of his inspiration to Amtrak
rides around the country. "Causeway" was in-
spired by the sight of Salt Lake during a trip
from Reno. Nevada to Cheyenne. Wyoming.
From another Amtrak-Inspired song Ale)
went right Into “Slow Circle." which ht
described as a potential soap opera theme. It
was actually a beautiful piece that had a
wonderful flow of dynamics and energy.

The first set closed with the title cut from his

long piece that was described as a minor hit on
the tofu circuit out west. which centers around
Eugene. Oregon. DeGrassI showed his
technical abilities on this piece, combining fast
bass notes with his thumb and beautiful chords
and melodies. While there was no great varie-
ty in style or energy in the first set. it was by no
means boring. DeGrassI’s music gets Its appeal
through masterful use of harmonic colors that
captivate the listener.

DeGrassl labeled his second set as the funk
and disco set. His Inﬂuences were more varied
this set. ranging from more scenes In the west.

 

to the subway and Inﬂuential-musicians.

first album, “Turning: Turning Back." This Is a '

 

  

“March Sky" was written for the fusion group.

he never had. although I don't think It could
be done any better by a band than It was by
Alex alone. This piece was played on an elec-
trlc acoustic guitar with a slight choruslng ef-
fect. His sound was similar to Pat Metheny's
on the new “Chautauqua” album.

Within a few weeks. DeGrassi‘s new album
Southern Exposure will be released. The first
piece he played from this album was "Blue
and Light." This song was influenced by
Brazilian music and sounded to me very much

like ECM guitarist Egberto Gismonti. “Street- I

waltz" was inspired by jazz organist Jimmy
Smith and provided Alex with an opportunity
to play some jazz guitar.

A little different influence was that of the
Police. The song "Western" was an example
of what they might write for solo acoustic
guitar. ‘

 

  

The concert ended with the title cut from the
new Southern Exposure album. DeGrassi
described writing this as a mutation of world
music. He started It as a tango. it then became
a samba and then he copped out and made if
his usual jive. Whatever It was, i liked It

I As he came back for an encore. he looked
at the audience (obviously pleased with llls
reception) and said "Just checkin'." He thth
Played a digestion song “brought to you Irv
Cola-Cola," called “Heavy Feet."

The flawless performance of Alex Deﬁnissl
and the incredible acoustic quality of 'l'mi‘
Savings Bank Music Hall made Friday it“
evening that will not be soon forgotten In
those that attended. If you were not tin-Iv.
check out one of Alex's albums. and I rumnt
mend seeing Windham Hill pianist Liz Siniv i‘!
the Music Hall In March.

 

 

 

'1' *., 4..m.:..r..., W: ..._t L'.-_»..‘.. ..-..

 

 

FEBRUARY 7., 1984 

Van Halen By Any OtherName...

'hat’s the name?"
“Van Allen."
"Van Halen?! Hey man. that's cool!

What are you. some distant cousin or
somethin'?"
“No. i said Van Allen."

Keith VanAllen

"Heh. you hear the new album? Geez. what
am i sayln'. i guess you get free copies before
us workln’ guys even know the title. right?
You gotta hand It to 'em. 1984 Is one kick-ass.
social-type commentary of a title. Some guy
named Orville or somethin'jvrote a book with
the same name almost twenty years ago or

I”

somethln .

 

 

"Uh  yeah, that's what i hear. Matter of
fact. i was hangin' out with Eddy and David
Lee over vacation while they were mixin'
down the final version of the album and they

.. well. l guess you ain't got time to listen to
me go on about my relatives. huh?"

“Shit man. you kiddln‘? it ain’t like i get
famous people in here every day you know.
'Speclally a dude related to Van Halen. Wait'll
Gina hears about this! Maybe she'll go to the
Judas Priest concert wit' rue after all. So. like
uh. what'd Eddy and David Lee hafta say.
anyways?"

“Well. they knew i was really into checkin'
out the new album before it hit the streets, so
they slapped a tape on the reel-to-reel and
cranked it up nice and loud. That's the only
way to listen to Van Halen. you know?"

“Oh yeah. i hear ya. 1 fried my speakers on
'Runnln' With The Devil' one night. but until
they blew, it was amazing. Like. you knew
these guys had some kinda awesome talent."

"Yeah. i knew you knew where l was com-
in' from, So anyways, the first track comes on
and It blew me away! It's all instrumental with
Eddy cookin' up the synthesizers with all sorts
of weird noises. It reminded me of the prelude
to ‘You Really Got Me.’ You know what l'm
talkin' about?"

“Yeah. l-can’t remember what it's called.
but that tune is carved in my skull forever,"

“Yeah, mine too. So. anyways, the title
track fades out and Eddy‘s got this smile on his
face 'cause he knew I liked what I he' rd
already. He says to me. “Man. Keith. If you
thought that was aces. waii'll you groove to
this next cut." He starts up the tape again. and
out comes the now-familiar keyboard opening
to "Jump." I can tell by that smile on your face
that you realize what an incredible moment
that was. l mean. there I was hearing what's
gonna be the greatest song of the year before
anyone else!"

"Shit man. i remember when I first heard
"Jump." it was like, i couldn’t believe it. How
could Van Halen keep comin' up wIt’ amazing
songs?! i think 1 fried the speakers In my old
man’s Volvo listenin' to It — but man. It was
worth It!"

“After “Jump.” David Lee and Eddy both
got up to leave. David Lee says to me on the

 llhe Edam 91.... m A“... t
BY RAH/WES in be similar ,'

You‘ve SEEN A LOT

(or FLIES lN HERE ?l

HE‘f OTIS. THIS BAR HAS
A BIG FLY PROBLEM.

    

 

l'Viny'l Views

 

 

 

 

 

way out. “We can see you're on your way to
an 'eargasm.' Keith. Let us know If the rest of
it's any good. O.K.?" Eddy started the tape
again. and [thought to myself what a cool guy
David Lee Roth ls. 'specially with that
‘eargasm' line."

“He's the best dude In rock'n roll for sure.

“Yeah. I heard some assholes sayin' Van
Halen was poppin' out with “Jump” —— can
you believe that shit?! If they pick up the album
the next song'li convince ’em they're dead
wrong. it's called “Panama” and it's classic
Van Halen. Michael Anthony lays down a
rockin' bass line and Alex Van Halen walls the
skins off the drums. Best part about "Panama"
is In the middle when the music fades to the
background and David Lee tells about rollin'
down the highway with this chick and .:. well,
you just know David Lee gets his share."

“Oh man. l'd dump Gina in a second for
one of Roth's girls. So how 'bout the rest of the
aibum...?"

“Well. the last two songs on the first side are
all Eddy. Anybody tells you that Eddy Van
Halen ain't the best guitarist In the world. man.
you just strap 'em down and make 'em listen
to “Top Jimmy" and "Drop Dead Legs."
Some jerks I know say he does the same guitar
things over and over again on all the ‘Halen
albums. Man. like they must be jealous or
something. So what if the guitar solos
sometimes sound the same. Eddy's got the
talent to do those guitar licks and who can
blame him for playln’ what he knows. you
know?"

“Right on. man."

“After hearing side one. I knew 1 had to

n

 

have 1984. but side two made me realize l

 
 

 

You (ALL our FL
A BIG PROBLEM.

 

 

 

    

 

 

needed three or four copies because l'd be
playln' 'em so much l'd be wearln' 'em out."

“Sounds like one amazing record."

“Oh yeah. The first song on side two is call-
ed llHot For Teacher." it opens with Alex do-
ing- some real fast drumming. My dumb
punked-out sister came in one day when l was
listening to the song and said. “Alright, Keith!
You're finally gettin' some musical taste. Bow
Wow Wow Is a great band!"

"Oh man. was she klddin’ or what?!"

"No way. When i told her it was Van Halen.
she said that that drum opening was a rip-off
of the way Bow Wow Wow opens some of
their songs. I just cracked up. imagine Van
Halen rIppin' off anybodyl 'Specially some
group with dog sounds for a name."

"Yeah really. Van Halen don't copy
nobody."

“'Hot For Teacher‘ tells a great story about

this guy who has to stay after school. only. he .

ain't done nothin' wrong. you know what I
mean. He's Just after the teacher and she's
really Into him too. Great stuff. Probably
David Lee had the same kinda experience In
high school."

“Or middle school..."

“Ha ha. that's a good one. The next tune
on the album will probably be another single
release. it's called "l'll Wait" and it's a tight.
upbeat rocker. it'll probably be a single 'cause
it has a catchy chorus and It's the kinda song
that stays in your head all day after hearing it."

“Yeah i heard that tune on Albany's only
real rock station the otherday and l was hum-
mlng It right up 'tlll the midnight showing of
Led Zeppelln's “The Song Remains The
Same." 4 -

   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

I

ll.
ghetto mother strut Ing

r

“Great ﬂick. How many times you seen
at?" "

_"That night was my thirty-eighth time. I
know pretty much every song they do In It
now. So is there any good cuts left to tell me
about?"

. “Two songs left and two good cuts — Van
Halen doesn't fool around  at least not with
their music. “Girl Gone Bad" Is a dirty little

‘number with some raunchy lyrics and Eddy

' smokin' on guitar as usual. DavidiLee whoops

sit up pretty good in this song to'b. I think his
assorted screams. grunts. and groans are one
of the band's strengths. I mean. they're like so
expressive. you know? When he moans. there
ain't no question about what's goin' on.
whereas with lyrics you'd have to spell It out."

“Yeah. I got all the screams memorized ex-
actly where they come on the first two Van
Halen albums. Gina says i sound just like
David Lee sometimes."

“That's cool. but you know only David Lee
sounds like David Lee."

“Sure man. of courSe."

“The last track on 1984 really wraps up the
album good because all the band members
really get Into it and you know what that
means  amazing music. The song starts out
hard drivin'. then It slows down for some great
(what else?) guitar work and then cranks up
again to finish. Eddy and David Lee came
back Into the room at the end of the album
and they brought five early pressings of the
album with them. When they saw my eyes
lightlup. they knew I had to have a copy."

"Holy shit man. did they give ’em to ya?"

Yup. I had five copies of 1984 almost a
whole month before anyone else did. Eddy
says to me. “30 Keith. you think this album's
any good or what?" i just fell down on my
knees and kissed his and David Lee's feet. I
mean these two men had created amazing
music and they had just shared it with me.
Anyone ever says rock stars are stuck up ain't
never met Eddy Van Halen or David Lee
Roth."

“Wow man. wotta story. l guess you'll be
teliln' that one for a long time, huh?"

“I don't know. I might not ever tell it again
after today even, It's just so emotionally charg-
ed that It takes somethin' outta me every time i
tell it."

"Yeah. i can see that; After work l'm goln'
over to the record store and get me a copy of
1984. l figure eight bucks ls cheap for what
you just told me about."

“l'd buy two or three at least 'cause you're
tonna be playln' that album a lot! Say man, i
totta split. Keep rockin'. dude..."

“Hey. wait! Uh. like I said before. we don't
tever get no famous people In here. You
think I could have your autograph?"

“Sure  there you go. Take care now.
bye."

"Keith Van Allen  Keith Van Allen?l Aw

man. that dude was blowin' smoke up my ass.

l shoulda known no Van Halen would ever

come In here  'course. Gina don't hafta

know that...'I

 

 

ocietv. 125th and 5th
michelle j. krell

Windows in shock _
the sides of their gaping mouths
dripping with carbon crumbs
caught in jagged teeth.

withercumbersome
bundleo/joy
slung In her jot'eurm
{i wouldn’t be surprized
If she dropped It
like a pieceo/trash)

Hey!
its going to suffocate '
wrapped in those bandageblankets
like some abortion mummy;

  

momm P

 

 

 

