 

 

 

: 'nce again. an important issue in student government
has been decided by a gross display of what has been
nicknamed “petty politics."

Last Wednesday night this campus witnessed a serious
violation of democratic ethics. is true display of the ugly side
of the political process. The policy which came out of this
ﬁasco may be an unnecessary misuse of student money.

SA President Rich Schaffcrintroduced a bill to Central
Council which would equalize the pay of all members of the
executive branch. What should have been a simple issue ol
legality and fairness came a night-long battle of personalities.
accusation and intimidation.

As of now. equal pay is earned by the president. vice presi-
dent. Controller. Director of Student Programming and
Central Council Chair. The three positions in the bill were
Media Director. Minority Affairs Coordinator and Off-
Campus Coordinator.

According to those who strpported the bill. state and
federal law require that cqttal pay be rewarded. If this is the
case. then the decision should have been easily reached.

it was obvious from the start. however, that this would be
a long and hard battle. A host of people showed up at the
meeting ready to defend the bill and push it through council.
What occurred was not a civil discussion of an issue. but a
battle to see who could outdo who in the ongoing fetid bet-
Ween SA's executive and legislative branches.

 

 

 

The first time around. Council voted against the bill. The
argument seemed to be that if these three people had equal
responsibility that they would deserve equal pay. but that
they didn't so they don't. ' *

Obviously. the .hostility of various Council members
towards Schaffer figured in this decision as much as any
other considerationnLegality was as much.an issue as how
much they felt the executive branch was getting away with.

It was after Council's rejection of the bill that the battle
really heated up and lost all appearance of a sensible and
democratic procedure.

It happens that. at present. the three positions in the bill
are held by women. one of which is a minority. This chance
fact was grabbed at by supporters of the bill. who cxploitcd it
and cxplodcd the issue into insane and ugly proportions.

Libby Post. cx-Mcdia Director. raged at Council. saying
she would “drag your f-----g names through the mud." Hcr
threats to members in private were reportedly no less explicit.

Minority Affairs Coordinator Vivian Vazquez stood in
front of Council and said. “I'm taking a good look at all of
you who voted no." This is a tactic reminiscent of what
blacks used to experience when trying to vote, before the
days of civil rights.

It" the law was on the side of the bill. then there should
rtcvcr ltavc been any reason for this kind of despicable strong
arm bullying and intimidation.

 

 

But if the law is on theiside of the bill. then it is very sad
that it took the threat of personal lawsuits to bring Council
to decide in favor of the bill. which they finally did.

Too bad that the issues of equal pay and the riglus of the
three ofﬁcials got lost in an embarrassing mess of per-
sonalities. politics. and thoughtless and outrageous-behavior.

Too bad that this'is what our student government had
degenerated into.

If it is truly a legal requirement that all SA cxecutivc
branch members receive equal pay. then so be it. But if equal
pay is based on the notion of equal responsibility. then this
bill was ludicrous from the start.

The president and vice president of SA live their jobs
around the clock. They represent every undergraduate at this
university. and are in some way responsible for everything
that goes on in SA. No one else can make that claim. No one
else should recieve that money. The remainder of the ex-
cctttive branch should all be making less than these two
leaders. Otherwise it is a waste of SA money, money that
comes out ol' our pockets.

Regardless of race and sex and personal politics. the law
should be interpreted properly and acted upon accordingly.
This repulsive brand of personal politics. absurd antagonism
and misuse of freedom and power must stop.

The cynicism and hostility within student government is
poisoning it. and ruining the effectiveness of strident leaders
and representatives. Enough is enough!

 

 

COLUMN
Making of a

-To the disbelief of many. Gary Hart has ctncrged as a
legitimate candidate to receive the Democratic nomination
for president. In fact. he‘s more rhanjttst lcgitimatc- he has a
real chance to win it all. How did he do it'! It has been said at"
Hart by one of his former co-workers that he “has only two
new ideas. his name and his age." By examining Hart‘s
political stands. one finds that there may be a lot of truth
behind this observation. Thus the question arises once more-
How could a man who began as an unknown to rrtttclt of the
American public. a titan with nothing new to offer. suddenly
surface as a possible Democratic notnince for the highest
position in the country?

. l

[Gerry Silver

The answer to this question lies itt Hart's I. .mpaign. Gary
Hart has been seemingly constructed and molded specifically
to suit the tastes of the American people. it is altnost as if he
was created for the sole reason of winning the election. If this
is so. than the making ol' (iary Hart must have went
something like this:

"To knock Ron out of ol'ficc. we are going to need a can-
didate that will harp on Ron‘s weaknesses. His conservatism
and his age could easily be used against him. Therefore. the
perfect candidate must seem young."

“But how young could he be? Al'rcr all. he'd ltavc to be at
least 35 years old to be president."

“He doesn't actually have to be young. As long as he looks
young. sounds young. and we tell the people that he's yottng.
he is young."

"All right. So the American public believes that he‘s
young. So what?" .

“So what? Well. a candidate who's 'young' will im-
mediately get the vote of the people who are young. the peo-
ple who think they‘re young. the people who want to be
young. and the people who realize they're not young but
don't want anyone else to realirc it. That's a large chunk of
the vote right there. Youth can be the basis ol' his whole carn-
paign‘. Since he‘s young. we can call his ideas fresh and new.
whether they are or not."

“Well. what would these ideas actually consist ot‘?“

"At first he will have no ideas. He will just speak of how
new and brilliant his ideas would be if he had any. If he,
doesn't give any views. then people won't have anything to
hold against him. Hopefully. he can win some primaries just
on that. gain momentum. and we're on our way." '

“Shouldn't he discuss some politics?"

“Are you crazy? Talking politics ts the last thing we rtccd.
it‘s much too controversial. and it sometimes upsets
people."

"Eventually he will have to speak otrt on some issues.
What will his ideas consist of?"

“They'll consist of what the majority ot' the voters want
tltctn to consist of."

"Give me art example. What would he do in Central
America?"

“Right now. being anti-military involvement is ‘in.’ Since
our candidate is forever in touch with rhc feelings of lltc peo-
ple. he will pull the troops out." ’

"But isn't there a chance that tile lltrcat of communisttt is
very real?"

“The answer to that question is inconsequential. Right
now people are against keeping troops in Central America.

 

“perfect” candidate

That is what they believe. and that is‘what we believe."

“There are plenty ol' Arncrican's who are in favor of in-
tcrvcntion. What would we tell them?"

“We'd swear to tltcm that if there ever was a serious
thrcar. in say. El Salvador. why. we'd be there in a second.”

“What about the Middle East?"

“Our candidate likes oil. and Americans will always ltave
cttotrgh of it. And to secure the Jewish vote. we are. of
course. pro-Israel. Here we are no different than any other
candidate. for all candidates are pro-Israel before they get in-
to office anyway. That brings us to military spending."

“Don't tell rue. To please the NorNukcs we say we are cut-
ting military spending. and to please the citizens who want a
strong military. we announce that we have a new. improved.
attd ruorc strategic plan that will strengthen ottr defense."

“Now yotr'rc catching on."

“How will he deal with the budget deficit?”

“The budget deficit is the least of our worries."

"How can you say that? We're $248 billion dollars in the
red." .

“But it doesn‘t affect anyone directly. so the voters aren't

really concerned with it. We‘d just say that we're not pleased
with the budget dcfi‘it and we wish it would go away. anti
leave it at that."

“I still don't know about this. Something inside the tells
the that it‘s wrong."

“What do you mean? If we l'ollow this strategy. our man
will be elected president."

“But shouldn't the president be chosen for his ability to
run the country rather than’ how' Well Icampaigns?
Wouldn‘t it be best l'or the country il' the mosfiintc‘lligcnt and
capable man was in oflicc? That’is the type of man who
should be prcsidettt. not sotncone who is merely a fine actor
and great at tcllirtg people what they want to hear."

 

"Of course. But politics just isn't that way. We will rtcvcr
have the most able man around as president. Someone who is
truly intelligent would never cntcr politics in the first placc.
and someone who is sinccrc would never play political games
and would lose otrt to tltosc who do. Look on the bright side.
If the ntost capable man always won the election. than Gary
Hart would never be president."

 

Coleus Plus: Samoa

 

 

“50 MUG.“ FOR are MlDDLE'OF-THE-ROAD “MGM...”

‘ tttl‘tt

V

/ / .- '. 1//

 

 

 

 

 

 

LETTERS

No positive function

To the Editor:

The endorsements for SA President and Vice President by
the ASP serves no positive function and should therefore be
eliminated. l was outraged by the style and presentation of
the facts by the ASP in the April 6 edition.

The endorsement of SA Presidential and Vice Presidential
candidates by the ASP is an unnecessary extension of our
student paper. Endorsements are achieved via interviews
with each candidate. it appears that all endorsecs were
premeditated..based not on qualifications. but on vested in-
terests. The ASP and the ofﬁce holders tnust work intitnately
over the course of the school term and such future dealings
certainly inﬂuenced the Board. ‘whose identification has yet
to surface. Endorsecs were evaluated and promoted to
almost God-like status. whereas their opponents were unjust-
ly and excessively slandcred. and i make particular reference
to the Vice Presidential evaluations. The endorsement pro-
vides no tangible service and merely attentpts to sway its loyal
readers. The physical lay-out of the four-page pullout also
merits severe criticism. The personal statements ot' all the
candidates appear on page 3 and 4. while llte endorsements
were on the front and second pages. Lets ptrt thirtgs into
perspective. The statements should influence the voter and
not an evaluation by a newspaper with vesled interest. When
all five non-endorsed candidates are deemed not viable. one
must question the viability and credibility of its cvalrration.

To secure impartiality in futttrc elections ot' the SA Presi-
dent and Vice President. I strongly recommend that the cn~
dorsemcnt by the Albany Students Paper be abolished.

—Mark Zucker

Ed. note: The identiﬁes of the endorsanrerrl board were
revealed ill the editorial on p. lo of the tissue.

No respect at all

To the Editor:

Within the last few days. many of us ltavc been approach-
ed by our constituents regarding the events of last
'chncsday's Central Council meeting at which little the '
question of retroactive stipend increases for three executive
branch members was discussed. Our constituents sccm both
concerned and confused regarding the issue discussed as well
as the manner in which we. (their Council representatives)

 

  

ctgormmt In um

DlrId L.L Lalkln. Edltar In Chief
Jerry camptom. Patrlela Mitchell. Managing Edltar!
NewsEdllor.............  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Associate Near- Edllora .
ASMtIEdltor . .. 
Associate ASPeetI Edltar

 

. . Neldl Oralla
.Jane Anderson. Jltn O'Sulllvan

.. John Keenan
.Steohen Marks
.Jonaa Nachsln

. . . .tan Spatilng‘
Torn Kacandaa

. Marc Barman. Kalth Murder

    
     
  
   

Dean Chang
SPORT! lag-zine Editor Marc Schwarz
Edward Rolnaa

 .. ..Kolly0rovar.Annalte Parol
Contributing Edlton: In Betz. Bob Gardlnler. Mark Gesnar. Dabble Judge.
Marti Levlne. Gall Ma all. Wayne Paereboom. Holly Presll. Anthon'y Sllber.
Llaa Strain. Editorlal Assistants: Allela Clmbora. Ian Clements, Joe Fuseo.
Christine Rallell Stan Irritant Aileen Brown, Stave Bryaon. Mleholle Buahar.
Jeanne Caner-n, Kevin Clarke. Bette Dzamba. Ronald Brant Gersten. Judy
Geachwlnd, oodrrran. Ben Gordon. Bab Hanton. Robert Hayes. Erlo
Hlndln. Norma Koe. Mlchallo Krall, Altco McDarmott. Caryn Mlalta. Suzanne
Murphy. John Parker. Maddy Paacueet. Joe Romano. David Singer. Mlehaal
Skolnlck. Alan Sornktn. tan Spelllng. Rlek Swanson. Megan Gray Taylor. Parry
Tlachter. Keith Van Allen, Ilene Walnatatn. Doug Walaa. Mark wttgard. John
Wlllmott. Spectrum EdlIDrI: Ellen Fltzgaratd. Rina Young

 

Judy Toni. Buslnass Manager
Lynn Saravla. Assoc/ate Burtnrss Manager
Jana "Inch. Rhonda Woll.AdverI/slng Managers
Mlle Krllmar. Sales Manager

  
  

 

    
 

Bllllng Accountant! . . . . Flandeo Behar
Payrotlsuporvl . .. . Gay Parana
CIA-allied Ma r . Ettaan Shoahan
Compellllon Manager . . . . . . .Martt Catalano

Advertising Sales: Davld Danlolo. Rlert Gordon. Susan Klein. Stave Lethar-
rnan. Mark Suaarnan. Adv-titling Praduetlon: Lee Erlekscn. Debra Freeman.
Elalna Frlodar. Jeanna Gllberg. Jutla Mark. Ellyn M 0. Sharon Ottun. Lynne
Slegel. Chatelatta Shube. Ellen Wtaoman. otttce st l: Chrtstlno Blnghl. Lln-
da Delgado. Marlorla Rosenlhal 7

Sue Pachlnlky. Production Manager
George Tallo, Assoclala Praduclion Manager
ChlllTypantlor  . . , , , . . . . . . . . . ,. .Lancoy Hoyman
Pull-up: Eileen Kealla. Susan K . usanno Jacoby. Dob Stokl. Typlala:
Jlm Capozzola. Cheryl Kaplan. Nancy Klltlan. Phyllis Lolkawttz. Rena Lowon~
braun. Chaullaura: Etta Dori. Steven Mankolt

 

   

PMWOMDM nrlnclpalty supplied by Unlvorslly Photo Service. a student
rou .

cnr-r Photograph-r: en MarusalthPS suit: Amy Conan. stutth L00 CW".
Lynn Drottua. Clndy Gatway. Adam thsbaro. KGMY WEE"- "ulm' “Mn'
Robert Luckay. Lola Maltabonl. Susan Etalno Mlndlch. J00 SC"W"""“"" U”
Simmons. Robert Soucy. Erlcn Spulgal. Warren Stout. Davo Strlelt. Jamil!
Valenllno.

Entire contents copyright
rights reserved.

The Albany Student Press I! published Tuesdays and F'ldﬂts “o'w‘m”
August and June by the Albany Student Press Corporation. an Independent
nut‘lorvprolll corporation.

Ettttottala aru wrtltnn by the Edtlor In Chlol wlllt mumbutﬁ 0' "‘l‘ E""°"“'
lloartt; policy la subject In revluw by Iltt) Editorial Board Coluruna are written
by members at tho unlveratty cornrnunlty antt rto not rtocosantlly ruptusunl
udllotlal pollcy. Attvnrtlalnu pollcy ttoon not llllCDbfi-lllly rutluct lttlllttllt’ti

WM Albany Student Press Corporation. all

Mrtillng undruas:
Albany Student Prints. CC 329
MOO Washington Ave
Albany, NY ‘2222

 

‘ (5H3) 4537-8602/3322/3389

 

were treated. We would like to air our feelings. and in doing
so. remedy both problems. .

The issue discussed was that of retroactive stipends for the
current Ol'f Campus and Minority Affairs Coordinators and
the past Media Director. All three of these positions are now
and were dttrlng the summer held by females. The issue was
equity- the controversy stemmed from the fact that many of
your representatives felt it fair‘ that these postions should be
paid less money during the summer months since their job
descriptions called for their working less hours than other ex-
ecutive postions are required to work.

Central Council. as a whole acted responsibly. ap-
propriately. and intelligently throughout the topic's question
and debate periods. We listened as Mark Mischlcr. Carlos
Viana (NY State Affirmative Action Officer) and Japhet
Zwana addressed the matter and lobbied our support. We
were infortncd that it was discriminatory not to pay all posi-
tions cquitably- we listened! Eventually. Council rnctnbers
voted against passage ol' the bill granting retroactive stipend
increases by a vote of lO-ll‘Z. Your representatives made a
decision and regardless of which way they voted the fact re-
mains that they rcndcrcd a legislative decision.

Al'tcr Council’s first vote on the bill, Libby Post (Former
Media Director) reprimanded Council using profanity and
threats of a lawsuit as her method of punisltmcnt for ottr
decision. She spoke to Council not as human beings. but as
animals not deserving of the right to make a decision. There
is a vast difference between the use ofcffcctivc lobby techni-
qtrcs and tltc use of verbal abuse and scare tactics. Ms. Post
was not only inttpproriatc and blatantly profane in her
ttrgument- she was completely out of control. The Council
Chair should rtcvcr have allowed Council to be spoken to so
abusivcly by either Ms. Post or the spectators who ltad cotnc
to listen. Carlos Viana (NY State Affirmative Action Officer)
informed us after our vote that we were all personally liable
for our actions and would bc personally responsible in an up-
coming lawsuit. Wc question the capacity Mr. Viana address-
cd Council in- privalc citircn or Affirmative Action officer.
Aftcr all. he did tell Council that he would consult his office
regarding tltc issue.

As your elected representatives we must voice our disgust
and disappointment with both the manner in which Mr.
Viana and Libby Post addressed this Council as well as the
seeming indifference of the Chair to tire fact that profanity is
offensive! Freedom of speech is a right we are all entitled to;
however. when this right is abused it becomes an crttbarrass-
ntcrtt to the listener us well as the speaker. Council showed
great respect in not choosing to simply walk out in the tniddle
of such abusive and deceptive speakers. We only wish that
those speakers had shown arty respect at all.

—-l.auri Cole

Off-campus Representative
—Nttncy Killian

Colonial Quad Representative
—Mllch It‘ch

Off-campus Represenlalive
—Nathaniel Charny

Alumni Quad Representative
> —-Eric Dorf

llll/itlll Quad Representative

Ad I I . l.
missmn po Icy
To the Editor:

We were greatly tlistrcsscd by tltc letter that appeared in
the April 6 issue of the ASP. concerning thc admission t'ce
for Tclctltott ‘84. Had ll'tL‘ writer of rltc letter questioned so:
mconc on Telethon Stuff about this admission policy. they
would have discovct'cd that tltcy ttccdn‘t botltcr cvcn writing
a letter.

Everyone involved in Tclcthort. including staff. per-
formers. and operators paid to get into Tclcthon. This policy
was decided at a staff rttccting prior to Telctltort. We felt that
charging evcryortc art adrrtission would bc casicr. fairer. and
less confusing than discriminating who should pay and who
should not. We greatly appt'cciatc the time that volunteers
donated to work at 'l‘clctlton. and are \cry sorry for any
misconceptions anyone might have iut'crrcd.

Ottr staff has worked a fill] year raising money, receiving
ttotlting iu rctttru except for tltc satisfaction irt helping
others. tltttl tltc smiles on the faces of tltc kids we work witlt.
if a few stuff mcuthcrs took food or beer without paying. we
don't view this as a major cruise for complaint since these
were people who worked at Tclctltott a full 24 hours: and
most ot' them left broke after buying door pri/cs artd biddirtg
on auctions.

We ltopc that the person who wrote the Icllcr will talk to its
if they still feel their claims are justifiable. Like arty other
orgrtrti/rttion on this ctttnptts. we are not above rccciving con-
structive criticisttt. but an attack like this ortc is not fair to us
at all.

—Cindy Kutz
—Amy ertttttcrmutt
(‘0-Cltuirpt-rvttrtx Tt’IL’Illtlll '84

Meet the enemy

'l‘u tltc Editor:

“We have rrtct tltc crtcrtty rtrtd it is us."- Pogo-

At the Central Council meeting Wednesday rtiglu I watch-
ed in disgust us at majority of rcprcscrttativcs knowirtgly and
rtdumcrrtly voted to violate tltc Civil Rights Act of 1964. the
liquid Pay Act of 1963 and the New York State Human
Rights law. lly tltc end ol' the trtcetlng through intimidation.

brow-beating and threats of personal laid liability Central
Council chose to reconsider and set the stipend levels of the
two white women and one Puerto Rican women who work in
SA at the same level as those of the live white men who also
hold executive positions there. 4 , ‘

Many council members ignored presentations of Mark.
Mischler the SA Attorney. Dr. Zwana of the Affirmative Ac-
tion Office and Student Association President Rich Schaffer
on the inequity of the stipend levels. They repeatedly attemp-
ted to find legal loopholes so that they could circumvent the
equity laws. After a long debate it became frighteningly ob-
vious that a majority of your representatives were not simply
ignorant of these anti-discriminatory laws but actively oppos-
ed them.

l‘m worried. ll' this is the case at "enlightened" SUNY
Albany then it is likely to be the prevalent view among young
people throughout our society.

The linal lesson is that we can never get lazy. These pro-
blcrns won't go away. I salute those of you who fought so
hard to tnake sure that the original vote was reversed. I
would almost prefer to have seen them sued. It was good that
people stood ready to brow-beat and intimidate those who
would oppose pay equity- it wasn't the first time. it won't be
the last.

—.lim Tierney
SA S U President

Important information

To the Editor.

In the April 3. I984 edition of the Albany Student Press ar-
Iiclc intitlcd "Speakers Forum Budget Frozen." we believe
that SA executives Adam Barsky and Richie Golubow tnade
accusations against Speakers Forum group leaders Michelle
Sclrwurt/ and Ricky Feltlman because of personality clashes.
tllltl tltc petty politics that have been played all year. against
many people. Barsky and (iolubow acted on their own. sup-
poscdl)‘ without the knowledge of SA. President Rich
Schaffer and Vice-President Jeff Schneider. and thus preced-
ed to slander ottr names without due cause. Barsky and
(iolttbow did not get their facts complete and never ap-
proached any of us with this information. Could this be
because thcy distorted stories. warped statements. and listen-
cd to only what they wanted to hear? We would like to know.
Barsky and (iolubow claimed that Schwartz and Feldman
mismanaged Speakers Forum. yet they failed to mention
other circumstances which were irtvolvcd. Tltc rest of this let-
tcr contains our grievances.

In rcspousc to thc claim of “abuse of funds."Sclrwartl
ttrtd Fcldmun did trot abusc Speakers Forum funds. This was
an cutggcratcd accusation. Anotltcr area rncnlioncd was
"mismanagement anti flagrant breaches of policy by
Schwartz and l-‘cldmtm" How can this be true since all
vouchers. contract. etc. must go through Adam Barscky? lfa
mistake was to slip by. lhtrsky should ltave caught it in due
tiutc. Since littrsky has signatory powers. it is wrong for him
or (iolubow to state that "Schwartz and Feldman think
lit ' autonomous to S.A. system." By making these ac-
cusations (iolubow and llarsky are not saying utuch for the
system or their cotupctcttcc of their cxcctrtivc leadership.
Also. how cart Barsky and Crolubow think that ‘Schwarlz
and l-‘cldman consider S.A. their own personal expense ac-
count? ' Now could this be when they are constantly laying
out ruoucy from their own pockets for such things as: din-
ucrs. materials for publicity. hotel expenses. travel expenses.
and the “bul'fcr” for David Brcnncr?Often it takes many
wccks for these monies to be reimbursed. Further. Barsky
was incorrch irt stating that Michelle and Ricky spent
$265.00 for the lircntter buffer "that he never attended."
Not only did Mr. Brcttncr attend the buffet. but his
manager."rcgtrlar" group members. and various tnernbcr of
SF. accompanied him. This is a prime example showing
llttll both liarsky and Golubow oftcrt giving the appearance
of being ignorant ot'Spcakcrs Fortrrn events. and don‘t know
what's actually going on.

r:

 

Richie (iolttbow. as Director of Programming. has not
shonn an opctt intcrcst l'or the events ltcld by Speakcrs
Forum. As an example. Bobby Scale was brought to this
campus lit a co-sponscrcd event by ASUBA and Speakers
Forum. It was up to (‘tolubowto straighten ottl details. Was
(iolubow negligent in his duties by never meeting with the
two groups? Further. Ctoltrbow never appeared at a Speakcp
Forum rncctirtg until March l2. after tltc majority of our
shows had been completed. Was this another negligence on
his part? Also. how can Ctolubow State that after making our
income line. Speakers Forum approached “the beginning or
tile end." We do not feel this is a justified statement. After
r 'uclting tltc income line. the grottp provided a diversity (‘l
speakers at reasonable prices for tltc student body. The suit
purpose of our group is trot to make money and charge high
prices. httt try to “app -al to several different areas ofstudertt
interests.

We feel that littrsky utttl Ctolubow should apologize to thc
crttirc group for hasty accusations. and admit that tltcrc was
it luck of communication on both sides. They should have
clarified things with us instead ol' making ptthli ' accusations.

—l-‘nnnr Tmlaros
Speakers Forum
—Rlclty S. Feldman
Treasurer of Speakers Forum
—Mlcltcllc Schwartz;

Former Chairperson of Speakers Forum

Chairperson of

 

 

 

