 
 
 

2.1 w... «mo—ah

our.

 ,» ~

emu}; «us-\wmsww-eMwW .7 .

  

 

 

 C’eSt Mai
th‘lt 'oclcurred to me. after reading ab‘out‘halfwa'y through the first installment of
d; co umn‘ last week. that i had failed to say anything about becoming the new
e or. Reading it through again. it stunned me; i had completely neglected to
say any of those egotistical things that everybody who knows me (and my ego)

must have’been expecting me to say. ‘
{h Snacking. huh? No quiet little “Thanks to Dave and Call for teaching me all
e ” ngs that- helped get me here."no pseudo-modest "l’li try to do the best i
ngé'jngt ev'en a moJe Icharacteristic "By God. we’re going to be doing a real
0 up ere. an i ope you continue readin '
really fantasﬂc." ’ ‘ g Aspects. cause its gonna be
Well obviously i don't want to miss
. _ my chance to raisem 5 if .
tocsshort for modesty. after all. P y e In mm Ufa ls
courseziust because l'm making myselfa bri h I
I g tand deserved (sometimes)
{Spitatiog as the ASPs newest raging ego doesn't mean i actually do all the
Ingrthtépsaere tfhatt l pretendkto £9. The “old editor." Gail Merreli. is still here do-
me an as c wor 5 2'5 been doi '
cred" for that. '00. ng all along. except now i get half
lncldently my new associate is Ste ‘
. phen Marks. An associate is someone who
ldices all the same Jobs that.l do. but gets paid less. and doesn't get a chance to
b or; is own horn in a column like this. Steve’s a pretty good one.
k so on the masthead Is the Sound Editor. Jonas Nachsin. affectionately
nown to the University Concert Board as "that creep." Between the four of us
3v: re hoping to continue to put out an arts magazine as well-rounded and well:
Redas t 9 one Dave and Gail were putting out by themselves a semester ago.
R In Griounding out this galaxy of stars are Ken Dornbaum, the Vision? Editor'
mime azﬁseBrgbaln'd Ellen Fitzgerald. Spectrum Editors; Deb Stekl. our star
While'. 0 ayes. who does Otis. Hopefully. they’ll all be around for a
50 that’s about all for m
y gung-ho. rah-rah. introductory column. Seriousl
:loidysghglgén progd pf having gotten this far in this organization, and i do intensll
m
magazme' y es to make Aspects an enjoyable. literate. and entertaining
i'm also a fantastic Yahtzee l
p ayer.
Debbie Millman. where are you?

Quote 0! The Week

Moo Died. Boo Hoo. Poor Moo.

Bays sad. Too Bad. Weather Hound. in The Ground.

Now He’s Just A Little Mound.

A Gall MerrelI-John Keen
Dog, at 2:00 in the morning In a pro
sympathy for the unfortunate journalist.

  

 

‘ lntm'spect

 

 

Moo. the wo

an collaborative attempt to compose a eulogy [or Moo, the Wonder
duction room where there was reportedly very little actual

 

In Memorium

 

nder dog. died this past week. He was thirteen. Too bad.

Cover Photograph by Charlene Shortsleeve

FEBRUARY 3, 1984

 

 

mm to“.

YGDI Gall.
Come to the
IIYI’IIIG

Tuesday, Feb. 7th
7:30 pm — LCZ 1'.

 

General Interest ﬂeeting

‘politicize yourself?
learn important skills?
gain Valuable experience?
have an impact?

Moire o difference. Join NYPIRG.

NW2
—-—

NVPIRG

New York Public interest Research Group. inc-

 

 

 

SA FUNDED

 

 

FEBRUARY 3, 1984 .

 

Brian Enoyvas once the certified cult
figure for more knowledgeable rock and
rollers. He has long since left that realm.

however. to pursue a career in his self-defined '

discipline: ambient music.

Gail Merrell

There is no textbook definition for Eno's
ambient music. it‘s a potpourri of synthesizer
sounds and tape effects. designed to evoke
the feeling inspired by being in a certain loca-
tion — at a film. In an airport. in another
country. etc. The music traditionally has an
ethereal quality, which has become minimalist
Brian Eno's trademark. Through small chord
changes within simple motifs. the prince of the
British electronic wizards creates very
evocative music.

What it all amounts to is a lot of electronic
bleeps and blurts that make very good
{background music for television programs and
films. And so. Al Reinert commissioned Eno
to record the soundtrack for Apollo. Reinert’s
lndepth documentary/analysis of the first
moon landing.

Apollo. which Eno worked on with Daniel
Lanois and Roger Eno. could have been
much more than a soundtrack. it could have
taken ambient music to its poetic extreme.
making you feel your welghtlessness as you
drift aimlessly in space.

Instead. Apollo drifts aimlessly on toward
the galaxy of boredom. it's hard to tell what's
supposed to be going on on side one. For me.
it's what It would be like If i were trapped in-
side a terrarium. There Is a persistent sound
throughout. like the hum of silence in a
vacuum. Every now and then this trance is

 

 

punctuated with a misplaced bass (l.e. me fall-
ing on the soil. me shaking a stem. and then
me suddenly falling silent). Side one's only

good point is that the production is excellent; '

all the sounds resound clear and crisp.

Side two shows some promise, thanks to
the angelic purity of Daniel Lanois' sole com-
position here. “Silver Morning." Pretty guitar
strums recall Pink Floyd's Wish You Were
Here. Collectively. side two approaches the
idea of ambient music much more closely than
side one does. it lets the listener decide If it Is
background or foreground music; Eno's style
allows the music to step in and out of either
easily. The music lets the listener control what
kind of attention he places on It. This is in
direct contrast to other types of music like
hardcore. which insists on being up front. or
Muzak. which is designed to take a back seat.

Unfortunately. side two cannot maintain its

ambient quality. and by two-thirds of the way‘

through. it loses its charisma. lt rates not better
than sophisticated elevator music. The crime is
that other ambient projects. like Music for
Films and Discreet Music are not only finely
produced albums. but they are interesting and
moving as well. Given Eno's past critical suc-
cesses. it's still hard for me to believe that his
Apollo fizzles out like a dying star.

DUB

Another innovative performer Is King Sun-
ny Ade. Like Eno. his style is laid back. but the
muscial genre he operates In Is completely dif-
ferent.

King Sunny Ade and his African Beats are
the happening thing in Eastern Africa today.
And. their most recent album. Synchro
System. reaffirms their prominent position
there. -

Views And. Visions

no Is Dead, Ade Is K'

evout rock fans don’t write “Eno is'
God" on school desks anymore.

 

 

   
 

 

Ade’s style is low-key. His voice is so deft
that it transcends a crescendo from soft to
moderate more powerfully than a soul-
lnsplred singer uses his scream.

Besides the untraditlonal (for an African
group) use of synthesizers. Ade employs.
stangely enough. a steel guitar and a
vebraphone.‘ Also. congos. maracas. and
bongos abound. threatening to break into a
light samba at the drop of a chant.

A Jazzy feel permeates the album. with oc-
cassionalcountry-western strains. courtousy
of the steel guitar. The best way to describe the
music. however. is that it pulses through you.
creating a smooth. tightly woven. intricate
sound.

On Oreos And athers

erhaps the only time one can safely
P consider himself grownup occurs when

he comes to realize his father as rnereiy
another human being: another individual who
hurts. who enjoys. who aspires as much as
himself. it love. as a person once told me. is
the admission of the existence of another in-
dividual as complex as oneself this period of
realization may also be the first time one can
truly say that he loves or hates his father. The
first time a kind of step back from the purely
emotional takes place and a father can be ap-
praised under the same criteria through which
others are regarded. and his good points and
bad points can be added and subtracted. the
pain from the pleasure or the pleasure from
the pain. i was never quite sure which.

Kevin Clarke

Before this time. and maybe it is a time
which never comes for some people or one
which is never necessary for them to come to.
a father is too awesome a figure to attempt to

apprehend. He can be remembered as simply '

an angry face. provoked abruptly by anything.
unjust and outrageous. or he can be
remembered as kind. and gentle composed of
a generous and warm nature.the freeze—frame
TV image of the good father. bad father. Real
fathers though exist as a combination of the
two. Often it is difficult to conceptualize them
that way. it is a difficulty of moments. When
remembering childhood one recalls moments.
distinct usually intense instances that were an
expression of one trait or another of a father's
nature. but moments whose single-
purposeness denies the ability to view the man
as a whole. So one remembers the time when
a father seemed unnaturally cruel. or the time
a father was surprisingly affectionate. or. when
one is older and able to understand human
emotion and its frailty a little better. those
moments which were sometimes the most
troubling of all when a father behaved most as
a human and not at all as‘the unapproachable
ideal he tried to represent and to live.
Fathers. in their endeavor to be infallible, to
be omnipotent forces of domestic stability. are
perhaps most responsible for the inability of
theirchildren to accept them as humans. i
remember my Father cross examining the en-
tire family as to the disposition of a package of
Oreo cookies and remember too the feeling as-

 

a child of fearful nausea and a sense that
maybe all this fuss over a few crumbling
cookies was a bit ridiculous. But this latter
thought was quickly suppressed when the
stern and utterly serious eyes of my Father fell
upon me and he rumbled. " How many
' oreoes did you eat? " Surely if my Father was
disturbed by the disappearance of a box of
cookies it was an issue that demanded my
respect.

At this point i would of course deliver the
standard unscrupulous sybitng lie.“ I only ate
two. but Andrew had some. "

i think the point of all this gibberish might
begin to be obscured by this area anecdote so
let me try to make it somewhat more clear.
Fathers are not more failibie now that as older
people we percleve their faults with more
regularity. They committed crimes of ar-

 

rogance. egotlsm. and stupidity lust as often

 

when we were children. but the role we ac-
cepted them in and the one which they tried
sohard to fill made it possible for us to do
nothing but reject any indication of tnconslten-
cy in their behavior. They hid behind a great
wall of tradition and physical proximity that
protected their positions. it was a wall of straw
that fell to the fact of our aging. and the
distance and the resentment we grew to feel
for their presence which paralleled the growth
of our bodies and our intellect. and our own
egocentric adolescent natures.

My Father has always been a hard case for
me. Everything you have so far endured in
wading through this article has been an effort
l've made to make some sense out of my rela-
tionshlp with him and one hopeful of arousing
some empathy. I may have succeeded only in
confusing everyone. but if i have than you at

 

 

    

 

Synchro System surpasses its preecessor.
Juju Music. because it stays more closely with
the sound. where data Music tended to rely
more heavily on chants sung in solidarity. and
repetitive melodies.

Synchro System derives strength from its in-
tense rhythms. The sound remains llght and

' breezy throughout. despite the lntricacy of the

instrumentation. There’s something lacking.
however. in that for all the texture and
brilliance of the music. it is ultimately sterile.
Ade and his African Beats. ironically enough.
don't have enough soul. but what they do
have is an energetic. intelligent album with
Synchro System. Ci

least know how i feel about my Father. Since
l've known him. which has been‘all my life and
a good portion of his. Dad has been someone
almost irrationally bothered by the smaller irra-
tions offered by suburban living. The
mysterious vanishing oreoes. the lonely
discared underwear on the bedroom floor. or
the unexpectedly drained bottle of Pepsi; the
small print of procreation. it was these
moments i recall him at his worst. Thinking
back. my first Impressions were merely a
child‘s fear of the angered parent. later it came
to be disgust or amusement at what i perclev—
ed as his pettiness. Now i am older and feel
the need to analyze these memories. How to
go about it though? Should i do it
psychologically? Was my Father pathologically
enraged by ravaged. crinkly oreo packages or
insanely intrigued by the migratory habits of
dirty day old underwear making the big move
from the center of the floor to a month long
hiatus under the unmade bed? Or should i
regard him as some kind of cheap creep who
liked to instigate arguments over trivial things
and agonized over the price of Pepsi and
sugared breakfast cereals? Either way i would
be wrong and certainly unfair to him. Looking
back. still tasting the salty terror in a rapidly
drying mouth as l mumbled. “ i only ate two. "
or “ i only had one glass. " or finally “ That's
Andrew's underwear. not mine. " and recall-
ing my Father’s angry face and his Injured
voice as he waved an empty soda bottle like
some kind of desecrated relic before me i can
only grin in slow. but sure comprehension. My
Father was a sensible man who wanted
nothing more from his sons but that they left
him a cookie with his soda after work and kept
their underwear out of sight. We failed him in
even these small endeavors. He was
sometimes selfish. usually truculent. occa-
sionally insensitive. and like a true Clarke. at
heart. an egotist. in short too much like the
man We grown into; both of as children
who've gotten a little bigger. Now i can
understand him more and come to terms with
the entity that is not Just my Father. but a
thinking. and more importantly, feeling
human being. it is a good thing when a Father
becomes human for us; a sign of our own
maturity. a sign also that we are heading inex-
orably along the route that leads to frantic
arguments over Oreo cookies and children
who can’t see us- for what we are.

  

farm y

