 

 

av. v—n—w—m - g.- .,_...—-.

y.“

y,‘

 

 

“'1:““.! .u. ..A.. . .. ' .,

6 ALBANY art/DEN? naass a TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 7. I984

 Updates  

second annual Leslie T. Wilkins Award by
the School of Crimnal Justice.

Punish/lien! Before Trial: An Organiza-
tional Perspective of Felony Bail Processes
by Wayne State University Professor Roy B.
Flemming was chosen by the School of
Criminal Justice as the recipient of the
award.

Leslie T. Wilkins was a research professor
at the School of Criminal Justice until his
retirement in 198]. The award recognizes the
great book-length work in criminology and
criminal justice. and includes a $500
honorarium.

SUNYA hosts TV test
tudents who call the Campus Information

desk for phone numbers and addresses of on- A World Television Festival will be held at
campus students will be told to try the Quad SUNY Albany this weekend. and will feature
Offices for that information,said Marty eight examplesof the best international pro-
Grubcr, a student worker at the information grams of 1983. The shows were featured at
desk. He said that the computer printout the recent New York World Television
book of the addresses that the information Festival. which was held by the Museum of
desk had. been using was destroyed because Modern Art in New York City.

of overuse. An open reception will be held prior to the
event on Friday, February 10 at 7:30 pm. in
the Campus Center Assembly Hall, and will
feature keynote speaker Donald Cushman
from SUNYA's Communication Depart-

ent.

Directories not here

.The student directories still have not been
distributed. “I have no idea when they will be
given out." said Pat Auricchio, from the
communications office of the Vice President
for University Affairs. Sorrel Chesin. “The
last I heard they were supposed'to be given
out Friday." Auricchio said.

According to Chesin‘s secretary. Auricchio
will beiin charge of distributing the directors.
The secretary said that the directories are
supposed to be picked up from the bindery
“sometime this week."

Chesln is the chair of the Student Directory
Committee.

Doctorates awarded

SUNY Albany Plans ‘0 Hwal'fl honorary The Festival will feature films from such
(legit-‘95 [0 World famous Playwnghl Eugene countries as South Korea, the Soviet Union
Doncsco. Pulitzer Prize-winning historian and Sweden, SUNY/s. is one or eight schools
Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. and eeonotnics and to prescm the program of international
public policy professor Otto Eckstein of Har- iclcvision productions,

vard University at Commencement on May
Soviet students arrive

20.I984.
Twenty-five honorary degrees were recent-
The Russian exchange students who were
scheduled to arrive at SUNYA last

ly approved by the SUNY Board ofTrustees.
September, bttt did not come because of

Donesco will receive an honorary Doctor
“technical reasons" will be arriving the third

of Fine Arts degree. Schlesinger will be

awarded an honorary Doctor of Humtinc
week of February, said international Pro—
grams Director Alex Shane. ‘

Letters degree, and Eckstcin will receive an
honorary Doctor of Laws degree.

A book about processes governing the
establishment of bail in Baltimore and The cancellation of the students’ trip oc-
Dctroit‘ has been named as the winner of the curred shortly after the September I downing

  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
   

* 12!!
"’ Rock Buttons
’0' Daily $5.99- Picks

:1» Free Posters
fIOO CC- Be There]!

"’ Now Featuring Pre-
It Cheaper Blank Tape P r i c e s !
Singles and 4 5 ’s

Oldmembers ’meetin - I
new membersi7.-3og 7' 00pm

TONIGHT

of a Korean airliner by Soviet planes. Accor-
ding to Shane, no Soviet students were sent
abroad after the Korean crisis.

He said that the students will be coming to
SUNYA because the technical problems have
been solved. Two Soviet professors arrived at
SUNYA last week. said Shane. The pro»
fcssors are part of the first wave of students
and faculty to come to the United States since
the Korean crisis. -

Aftadavits collected

Student Association is in the process of
collecting affadavits from students who were
allegedly harassed at the off campus polling
places. according the SA President Rich
Schaffer.

SA is also “checking on the residents of
Rapp Road." said Schaffcr,"bccausc i don’t
think they're registered to vote" in district six
of ward IS, which is comprised of all of Col-
onial Quad. as well as 14 houses on Rapp
Road.

A planned meeting among Scltaffer and
two lawyers representing SA in its lawsuit
against the city of Albany was cancelled
because one of the lawyers, Lew Oliver. had
a date in court. said Schaffcr.

Pogue reviews policy

Vice President for Student Affairs. Frank
Pogue, said that he is still in the process of
soliciting opinions on the alcohol policy from
the other vice presidents and the l9 Student
Affairs Directors. He will make his final
rceomtuendation on the policy to President
Vincent O'Leary when he receives the views
of the other administrators. Pogue explain-

a
Q

“it will be another week before i get the
feedback i need." he said. "i'vc only talked
with one additional group since tiieeting with
the Task Force." said Pogue.

The Alcohol Policy Review Comtnittcc

Recorded Tapes!!

and

Van  “1984”

   
  

 

met last Friday. The majority ol‘tltc

. com '.
tee members were in favor of allowing in."
and becrballs in Slttdcnts‘ rooms
and advisod Pogue of their opinion

tllttl suitu,

WCD'B buys SA mikes

The Student Association is selling a

“litllr

piece" of its audio visu'il t‘( '

. a - lutpntcntt
WCDR, said SA Vice President tutor
Schneider. SA has been attempting torcllthr

equipment since last semester.

According to Schneider. there is m
deadline for bids to purchase lltc L‘qltlprnenl
There were some bid tlcntllitics Inst SL‘ll‘lmit’“
but Schneider said that he is cliittinatitli
deadlines in order to encourage more bids .

SA controller Adam litil'sk)’ satitl ltltl
semester that SA was selling the eqllipttttnt
because it was a financial drain. lle tttltitt

that it was not used enough to
itself.

my lot

WCDB purchased 2 tiiicrophotit‘s and
some mike booms. said the station's tienutit
Manager.

David

Siiigtt

 

  

'tm‘lﬁ . .1

t r

SA President Rich Schaller

COMING TOMORROW IN THE CAMPUS CEN ER
THE GRAND OPENING OF

UN YTUNES

YOUR NEW COMPLETE RECORD COOP!!

*Complete Discwasher Accessories

**This month $5.99llir *
PRETENDERS“Learning How ToCrawi"

With W
only the BBLQES are

CHEA PER!

 

 

 

,POSt office to reapen .with,   ,,

By Christine Reiteit
STAFF WRITER

The uptown campus post ofﬁce will re-
open today with some new equipment which
hopefully will prevent future crimes by post
office workers.

The post ofﬁce has been closed since last
August. when two ofthe postal workers were
arrested on charges of falsifying business
records, misconduct and petty larceny. said
Director of the Physical Plant Dennis
Stevens. "As a result ofthis, the‘uptown post
office was not able to rc‘open.“ said Stevens.

Since that time. the two tncn were con-
victed. both pleading guilty to misde-
iucanors. said Stcvctts. Both were sentenced.
and served tituc in the Albany County jail.
according to Assistant Director of the
Physical Plant Megan Beidl.

Two new employees were hired, said Bcidi.
and are currently being trained by federal
postal workers in the campus post office.
“The federal workers will stay as long as
necessary to train the two new employees."
site said.

The post office litindlcs transactions rc-
quiring signatures. sells stamps, and pro-
cesses packages and registered mail. accor-
ding to Stevens.

in order to avoid any future problems. the
post office has installed new equipment

TUESDA Y, FEBRUAR it 7.19% o, ALBANY STUDENT mess 

 

 

 

The SUNYA Campus Post Office; Inset: Director of Physical Plant Dennis Stevens

The Post Office reopens Tuesday after afive Ittmillt lapse in service.

which will record each transaction. according
to Beidi.

The amount and explanation of all trait-
sactiotis will be printed on a calculator tnpc.
she said. which will enable tlteni to be review-
ed later, said Beidl.

The entire system is interconnected, arid
includes a package scale, a postage meter.
and tin electronic calculator, explained Bcidl.
All federal post offices litth the system. she
added.

The uptown post office will be open from

' noon to 3 p.m. Monday through Friday.

Stevens said.

“We are now able to fill the workers' posi-
tions and rc-open the post office." said
Stevens. "Before the Ctiscs (of the two
previous workers) were concluded. we could
not do this,“ he added. ill

New debate society searching for competition

By John Skelly

district colleges.“ Towtirrl that goal

feel that it campus team and n loctit

approached the
Associtiiton and received

St udent
limited

debate are the credibility of the

For the first time iti twclvc years
students will have the opportunity
to demonstrate their coriimunica-
tion and debate skills in the aura of
a formal campus debate society.

they have sent letters to locttl catn-
puscs in the hope of raising interest.
But, as Bye said. “we have a task at
hand itt finding competition."

To Fromm. debate is a “sport of

tournament would “be of interest
to local politicians to know what’s
being stiid about the issucs by col-
lege students."

The society began when Ilyc tip-

 

Tltc society was fotitidcd by
former Central Council Chair Jeff
Fronitn. with the help of Victor Bye
and Jonathon Davis. One of the
group's goals. Bye explained. is to
“have a tournament of Capital

the mind." “It is ati organized.
structured contest of ttrgiinienla«
tion." he added.
and Communication major is in-
terested in “debate as a combina-
tion of rltctoric and logic."Both

proachcd Kathleen Kendall, it pro-
fessor in the Communication
Department. Sltc introduced him to
Fromm who had also expressed tin
interest in the same project.
Together with Jotint'nt ti Davis they

Bye, a Rhetoric

SUNYA prof chosen for China trip
 I t .J ‘

By Caryn Mlske
S'Irll'l- It'Rlle‘R

On February 15, it member of SUNYA‘s sociology
department, Nan Lin. will travel to the People’s
Republic of Chitin to exchange views with Chiticse
socittl scientists.

Lin said that this trip is significant for SUNYA. “i
will lecture on behalf of SUNYA. Hopefully this will
serve to increase SUNY/\‘s recognition as ii research
and teaching institution."

Fight Americttn sociologists and anthropologists
will tiitikc tip it dclcgtitioti sent by the Committee on
Scholarly (.‘otiimunictition. said Lin. The trip is being
sponsored by tltc National Actidcdmy of Sciences. the
American Council of Learned Societies and the Socittl
Science Research Council, according to Hit.

“The purpose of the visit is to express interest on the
port of U.S. social scicntists. \‘Vc ttl'C not going to col-
lect academic infortiintitin. btit as am official visit,"
Lin said.

Lin said that he was chosen to be it member of the

group by the leader of the delegation. Professor Alicc‘

Rossi frotn the University of Massachusetts. Other
members of the group include Emily Martin from
Johns Hopkins. William Perish and'Marshal Sahlins
from Chicago Utiivcrsity, Carol Smith from Duke
University. Shelby Sepwman from Carnegie-Mellon
and William Wang from Berkeley. noted Lin.

According to Lin, the program was started in I979.
However. problems arose in 1980-81 when an
American anthropologist collected information in a
Chinese community without consent of the Chinese
government. The anthropologist proceeded to publish
both articles and photographs in a magazine that was
printed in Taiwan. Lin explained that the Chinese
government was angry because the material was taken

' without permission and published in a non-academic
magazine.

Since then, research exchange between the U.S. and
China has come to a halt. “We are not going to gain
concrete academic results. Hopefully. this visit will be
an important step in producing some sort of col-
lab )rative study in the future,“ asserted Lin.

Lin will travel to various universities lecturing on
three different topics. The first will be a survey and
casual analysis. The second topic is the theory of social
resources and social actions which examines the best
strategies to reach success. Tltc third subject is social
support and mental health. This explains why par-
liculnr elements in our sociological environment pro-

    

- aoa LUCKEY ues
Professor Nan Lin
Will exchange views with Chinese social .t’c'ii’lllit'll‘.
tnote well being.

The group will be departing for China on February
l5 and return on March 10. The delegation will visit six
major cities: Beijing. Tianjin. Shanghai. Wuhan.
Xiamen and Guangzhou. said Lin.

Although born in China, Lin has not been profes-
sionally interested in China until recently. He has just
begun a North American Chinese sociologists associa-
tion. “Through this association contacts can be made
in the far east to exchange ideas and views," Lin add-

cd.

.Lin said he is interested in sociology because lte en-
joys studying human interactions and their conse-
quences. '

Lin attended college in Taiwan and did his graduate
work at Syracuse University and Michigan State. He
taught at Johns Hopkins University before coming to
SUNYA in I971. Lin’s areas of concentration are in
social network stratification, communications, and
social support and health, which comes under a branch
of medical sociology. Lin speaks fluent Chinese and
has lectured in China several times before.

Professor Lin teaches two classes at SUNYA. Dur-
ing his absence lils colleagues and teaching assistant
will be taking his place in class. l'Ll

funding. Most of the funds will go
for organization, advertising and to
htty research tools.

The three also contacted Dr.
Richard Wilkie of the Communica-
tion Department. Wilkie. who has
bccti a professor of rhetoric for
thirty years. was the coach of the
ltist debate team at Albany and will
be helping with the new team.

Wilkie is optimistic about the
people involved and the prospect
. He thinks it's a "first
tl says. “It looks pro-
mising that we will have it modest
intercollegiate team in tire area."
He titltlcd that he hopes it will create
it tradition. A .

 
 

for sttcc
t'tlit.‘ itch

 

Along with his interest iii this new
society, Wilkie is ttitliitg l’rol'cssur
Succtscr ol' the Business Depart-
ment in tlitit Dcptit'tiiiciit's ongoing
dchntcs. chctscr is currently
preparing ti debate with Skidinorc
('ollcgc and “Hit the help of Wilkie
itl is hoped they will have ti wcli-
couched and ucll—trniued lentn.

l'hc gonls of the founders are
simple. They want to provide ti
chance for interested students to
debate and learn the skills involved
and secondly, they want to give a
strong toutidtitioii and direction so
the team can last for future
students. Thin problem is simplified
by Professor Wilkie who will be
able to advise students interested in
continuing the society.

The skills involvEd iii debating.
according to Fromm, "are two
distinctly different things and re-
quire two different skills." He
described the first step, prepara-
tion, as consisting of research and
logical reasoning. "An important
factor is an ability to criticize your
own argument," Fromm added.

The second step is communica-
tion. “You have to." said Bye,“go
out, do research and then make u
forcible. clear presentation. In
other words you must be cogent.

Wc're dealing with an intricate lchl
' analysis. and wording mttst be
‘isc."

 
 

ding on the listener, the greatest
argument may fail. Two important
considerations in the sport of

 

 

 

Fromm pointed out that “dcpen-_

 

 

tirgucr and thc prc-ittiitudcs of the
listcitcr or audience."

Aside from their goals for the
dchtitc tctuu. Fromm and Bye are
interested iii reviving local inlerst in
the sport. In order to do so they
have joined the Atticricun Forensic

Association. The A.i“.A. gives in-
formation about tournaments.
publishes it tptnrtcrly journal and
decides upon tl topic cticli your for
ntcrcollcgitlte competition. This
year‘s topic and the one the team
hopes tti debate on is: “Resolved:
Tlint any ttntl tlll injury resulting
from the disposal of litllttl'dolls
wmtcs ill the US. \litliiltl bc the
responsibility of the producer of
that “mic.”

llyc said the topic is “c\lrctiic|y
t'Ullll'iHL't'sltIl iii regard to the
:cotttitm .ttttl goicttititcnt and will
he ttti itiipot lttlll l\\tlL‘ for the decade
tlltl thc cctituty." lic L‘i‘titl)‘\ tltc
.t‘lllllHL'lw) liccttitsc “collegiate
lcbntcs lllllltillultlL‘ tllL‘ listened to
\Ut'y cant-lull) b_\ legislators. Not
Ulil) ltccnttsc Ilict the constituents
httt hcctttisc they the the iiitclligcnt
minds of the nut generation."

Anotth prujccl of I-‘rotntii's and
out: that is related to his putticipu-
tioti with the Debate Society. is his
coaching of ti tlcbntc tctitn tit the
Albany [toys Academy. The team is
preparing for a statewide mock
trial sponsored by the New York
Sttitc Bar Association. The project
is interesting for Fromm, he said,
bccttttsc he also gets the chance to
teach it class in organization and
debate skills and to enhance his own
debating skills; skills he said he will
be ttsing in the Debate Society‘s in-
tercollegiate competitions.

As of now there are no local col-
lege debate teams. The closest
teams tire at Plattsburgh State, Col-
umbia and Fordham Univcrsity.
But. according to Bye. “given the
political and academic climate of
the Capital district it is only up-
proprittte that the most prominent
University in the area have a debate
team."

The society will be having its first
meeting Tucsdtty night. For tnorc
information, contact Jeff
Fi'oiilni. ill

 

