  

 

 


t
i
l
l
f
a
g

dawn... . ,

 

 

 

3.4 ALpANr sruoatvr mass m FRIDA Y. FEBR UAR Y 3. I984

 

 Chrlstlne‘ Reftelt
STAFF WRITER

‘ Building unity at SUNYA and getting
_students more involved are' the main goals on
the agenda of the School Spirit Committee,
according to Student Association Vice-
Presldent Jeff Schneider. “Our goal is to
buildunlty, and to get the students' blood
going," he said. , ‘

The answers to SUNYA’s current apathy
problem are being contended in a variety of
ways. said Schneider. February 2 was kick-
off of Spirit. Week with Bud night in the
Rathskeller Pub In the Campus Center.

The main emphasis however, is on school
sports, namely‘the Albany basketball team.
Mayor Thomas Whalen ill recently declared
next week SUNY basketball week. according
to Schneider. in addition basketball coach
Dr. Richard Sauers. who has accumulated
474 wins in his 28 year career at SUNYA.
This achievement. said Schneider. ranks him
is among active college coaches in the coun-
try. »

To honor Sauers ' for, his outstanding
record. there will be a small reception for him
February 4 in the Patroon Lounge according
to Schneider. The guests included Whalen,
Assemblyper'son Richard Conners.
(D-Albany). Senator Howard Nolan.
(D-Albany). and University President Vin-
cent O’Leary. “This is a great opportunity to
honor the coach for his outstanding work."
Schneider added.

Sauers stated that the spirit adds a lot to
the games. “and players benefit a lot from
that. it also intimidates away players. which

helps us." He added that he thought the at-
tempts to encourage more student attendance
is “a tremendous idea. which the visiting
school admires." Saucrs also felt that the
tribute in his honor on Saturday is "an honor
to all the players. l’ll accept the tribute on
behalf of all of them." he added.

“One reason people think SUNYA is bor-
ing is because they don’t appreciate sports
here." said Schneider. "People who go to
one game will go again, because it is such a
fun time." he commented.

A group called the Dog Pound. originated
by Howard Woodruff, Area Coordinator of
' North Campus of State and Colonial Quads,
has also been extremely active at SUNYA's
basketball games. “You. know,” said
.Woodrufi‘. “i hear all the time how we need
more school spirit, yet people are always at a
loss as to how to deal with the issue."
What the people involved in the Dog
Pound actually do, said Woodruff. is go to
the basketball games “and have a great
time." About 200 students sit in one section
of the stands, doing cheers. playing kazoos.
and flying streamers. According to
Schneider. “the section looks like a Penn

State game. it’s wildl" He added that his

main intention is to fill the entire stand in this
fashion. “It's exciting," he said, “and
everyone who comes to the games will have a
great time." _

  

I

 

 promotes student spirit

University Auxiliary Services General.

Manager Norbert Zahm. a member of the
school spirit committee, commented that he
is "looking forward to allrthe enthusiasm
which the basketball games are creating.
Hopefully the students will.come out," he
added.

Next week, three consecutive games are at
home. and Schneider hopes for a large turn-
out. This Saturday, Albany will host
Binghamton. There will not be any admission
charge for SUNY students, said Schneider.
The Great Danes will play Plattsburgh
February 8. and the big game against rival
Potsdam will be February i0.

Schneider stated that “the Potsdam games
have always been sold out. but this year we
want to have a full crowd for the two other
home games. The basketball team loves to
have a full crowd. he added. D

Varsity basketball eo-captalns Dave Adam and Wilson Thomas
The Dog Pound is hoping to see plenty of fans at games.

   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  

 

BOB LUCKEY UPS

 

 

 

 

PRESENTS A

SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 4. 1984

JSC—HILLEL
MUSICAL EVENING WITH...

 

8:00 PM

CAMPUS CENTER BALLROM BALLROOM
TICKETS AVAILABLE AT THE DOOR.

S/I FUNDED

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Johanna Clancy

The report of the University Auxiliary Ser-
vices annual health inspection last December
has been published by William
Krumanocker,Senior Sanitarian for the State
of New York Department of Health, Office
of Public Health. He praised the food ser--
vice workers’ efforts. '

“Although some cleaning violations were
noted. the total sanitation level in this area
for all the food service operations at the
University was extremely good and your
Food Service staff should be commended for
their efforts.”

Violations of the health code were concen-

trated in four main areas. These violations-

were in plumbing. lighting. maintaining pro-
per water temperatures. and non-food equip-
ment cleanliness conditions. noted
Krumanocker in his report.

Plumbing violations pertained to absence
of indirect waste drains. added
Krumanocker.

Norbert Zahm, General Manager of UAS,
described the indirect waste drain as “a drain
that doesn’t connect directly from the sink
into the sewage line. This smaller drain fits
into a larger drain so that back ﬂow will go
onto the floor and not into the sink. possibly
contaminating food.”

Also noted by Krumanocker were im-
properly maintained temperatures on
dishwashing machines. These gauges have
since been replaced and are functioning pro-
perly.

Lighting violations written up by
Krumanocker included inadequate light and
lighting shields in various operations.

All violations have been corrected ex-
cluding some lighting replacements on Col-
onial Quad and plumbing work that will re-
quire digging up floors in indian Quad.
“Colonial Quad's lighting will be completed
by March 3.“ said Cheri Domanico. Nutri-
tion and Health inspector of UAS.

Slow response prompts

By Allcla Clmbora

Due to an unsatisfactory response, the Stu-
dent Association has decided to rc-open the
bidding on their audio-visual equipment. ac-
cording to Vice-President Jcl'f Schneider.

The AV equipment, which has an
estimated value between $32,000-60.000. was
put up for sale at the beginning of last
semester because it was not “cost effective"
said Schneider.

——————-

 

 

 

- FRIDAY. FEBRUARYJ. 19.94 :1 ALBANysrUDENrPREss 5

UAS forced to clean up after health inspection

 

Above: UAS workers; Inset: Norbert Zahm
Four basic problem areas.

Equipment cleanliness violations included
in Krumanocker’s report were. "refuse
storage facilities that were not provided with
covers," and “the cutting board at the grill
section(in the Rathskcller's Snack Bar) was
cracked plus nicked and cut along the
edges." \ ' A

The original deadline for bids was set for
December l and the choice for a buyer was to
be made over the semester break. According
to Schneider only “a little less than a dozen"

bids were received. “Most of the bids were”

for pieces; there were only i or 2 overall
bids.” said Mitch Feig. Finance Committee
Chairman.

SA would like to get bids from a wider
range of interests accordin to Schneider.

 

;

Krumanocker. in his report. commented
on the “excellent food handling techniques"
he observed by the Food Service staff.

Zahm explained that Krumanocker con-
ducts training sessions at least once a year to
update and refresh food service processes

UPS

with the staff.

“These meetings are very informal and in-
formative." commented Domanico. “They
usually last an hour and he'll answer any
questions the staff may have about food
handling." she said. El

SA to re-open A V bids

“Most of our bids were from the Albany area
and we‘d like to get some bids from outer in-
terests," he said.

“We bought it on a whim and we don't
want to get rid of it on a whim." said Central
Council Chair Bob Helbock. SA plans to
advertise the equipment in trade magazines
and newspapers. and according to Feig, they
are also rccontaeting places in the area they
may have ovclookcd. So for, said Feig, the

    

 

 

Central Council Chair Bob Helbock
No bottom line sel an A V equlpmenl .l‘a/L’.

 

 

have gotten a “positive response." The Pet-
forming Arts Center has also expressed an in-
terest in the audio visual equipment.
However. according to Fcig this is “very t'cn-
tativc." There is also the possibility of an
outside appraisal to find out the exact value
of the equipment. added Schneider.

There has been “no bottom line bid set”
and there is “no set deadline as of now" for
accepting bids, said i-lclbock. who added that
SA would like to complete the sale by the end
of this semester.

The idea for SA-AV was originated in the
summer of 1981 by the then SA Vice- Presi‘
dent Woody Popper with the purpose of “in-
creasing group programming so groups could
do more shows.”

The original expenditure for the equipment
was $22,755 followed by additional pur-
chases worth“ $61,246.43 in 81-82 and
$4l.095.06 in 82-83. According to Schneider.
the original purchases for AV were for state-
of-the art materials to prepare for expansion
to a larger system.

The system was intended to pay itself off
within two years, but because ofa consistent-
ly overspent budget and lack of use. the an-
nual revenue fell short of projections, accor-
ding to SA.

AV manager Chris McCormack proposed
to make AV into a club run by student
technicians with SA groups paying a rental
fec’for use of the equipment. However. this
was voted down unanimoust because witcn
questioned. only two or three of 19 groups
reported getting use out of the system.

The equipment. which Is being stored In
the Page Hall auditorium, has become a
“thorn in our side" according to Helbock.
SA has spent an estimated 8120.000 on AV
which includes about $50,000 in equipment
and the remaining 870.000 for the manpower
and for the cage where the equipment ls
stored. Cl

 

a

 

 

