 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By Adam Goodman
All-1H“ WRITER

The Albany State men‘s stvimttt-
ing team. just one week away from
the SUNYAC Championships.
wound down their dtral meet'seaori
with victories over Binghamton and
Union last week.

The Danes. now 7-5. topped
Binghamton 66-45. to surpass the
.500 mark. Albany was able to
maintain such a healthy lead'wltilc
experimenting with some new com-
binations and taking a look at some
younger swimmers.

Benefiting front this strategy-was
Mark Lebowitz. who turned in a

persOnal best-012535 in the 50 free.

Coach .loe Shore priased Lebowitz.
for what lie called. “an outstanding
first year.“

Greenbaitm..ertcels

Fred Greenbattni. ’lllt.‘ Danes'
premier sprinter. was given a taste
of the tough life. as lie swam in the
1000 free. Although a far cry from a
sprint. Greettbatrm was up to par.
as he swam a personal best of
11:10.29. He also took a third place
finish in the 200 fly. unotlter race to
which he was not accustomed to.

Though Coach Shore juggled his
lineup heavily. he still relied on the
usual combination to secure a vic-
tory. Tom Handy. a consistent per-
former all season. won both the 200
and 500 freestyle events. with times
of 1:54.11 and 5:16.19. Ted Obcr.
as usual. took the 200 breaststroke
with a time of 2:22.98

However. it was the 200
backstroke that settled the victory
for the Danes. as the teartt of Jeff
Kennedy. Mike \Vright. and Jeff
Ball swept the etcnt.

Later in the week. Albany stayed
hot. as they defeated Capital

 

 

District rival Union handily by a
cottrit of 64-37. For sortie of the
Duties. it was a final chance to
qualify for the SUNYAC Chara-
pionships. Lebowitz broke the per-
sonal best time itt the 50 free that he
set against liinghamton. bttt fell
just short of the time needed-to
qualify in that evetit.

0n the other hand. .llm Neiland‘s
secotrd place finish in the 200 free
(1:59.18) was good enough to earn

trim a spot on the Danes‘ SUNYAC I

squad.
Kerreses qualifies

Doug Kerreses also earned a
SUNYAC spot. with a time of
2:33.81 in the 200 breast.

Kennedy enjoyed a fine day. as
he won the 400 f.m. and turned in a
seasonal best split in the 400 medley
relay.

Frank Cauley. one of Albany's
top distance swimmers all season.
won the 1000 free with it great time
of 11:03.13. topping his previous
best by a whopping seven seconds.

Wilson praised

Lost. however. in a great meet
like this. are the gully performances
that aren't quite good enough to
make the headlines. Dean Wilson
trtrned in a personal best time of
5:49.7 in the 500 free. Although the
time didn't help the Danes in the
scoring column. Shore pointed ortt
that Wilson's finish epitomized
Wilson's tireless worth all season.

POOLSIDE NOTES: The men‘s
SUNYAC Charripionsliips will he
held frotn March 1-3 in
Oswego . . . Shore. expects, IS
Danes to qualify for the
meet . . . Albany State will he one
of II SUNY schools at the Cham-
pionships.

 

  ALBA N'y STUDENT PRESS : FRIDA Y, FEBRUAR y 24,- I983 -

'Men sWim‘mers't'ake pair; look toward SUNYACs

  

  

record to 7-5. The Duties will compete to tho SUNVACs next weekend.

<Back Page

Said Adelstein. “I think 1 have a
real shot at the top eight. 1 have
been working on new strategy
against l’illari."

In high school. Adelstein wrestl-
ed for Lafayette in Brooklyn and
finished tltird in the 167 pound
bracket in the New York City
Championships. This year as a
sophomore. he recorded a 10-6 dttal
meet clip.

"l‘nt a little nervous." said
Adclsteiti. "But i do have two more
years after this to become an All-
American. But I‘d like to do it
now.“ _

Isa-Pound Sophomore Jerry Clark

Clark has the most outside shot

of the four in placitig in the top
eight. It was a great surprise for
Clark to even qualify for the
NCAAs. based on his mediocre 2-7
dttal meet record.

But he tttrricd iii ati admirable
performance at the SUNYACs.
placing second in the weak
lSR-pottnd weigltt class.

Clark is an outstanding athlete.
btrt his problem this year was his
mental attitirde.

"Jerry is a very talented athlete.
one of the best athletes on the
team." said DeMeo. “But wrestling
is a lot of time. a mental sport. 1
think he'll do as well as he thinks ltc
can. Matty mental factors iticluditig

' Four Dane grapplers in Nationals

desire and confidence play a big
role in the success of a wrestler and
in .lerry‘s case it is pronounced."

Clttrk coticrrrred with DcMco's
statement. “A problem with many
wrestlers is they go in thinking tltey
can't win so they don't. I guess it
happerid to tire a few times." he
said.

Clark. a sophomore. sat orrt the
first part of the season because he
said he lost interest iii the sport.
During the semester break he re-
joined the squad bttt lie fell

.nowhere near the kind of shape he

was iii as a freshman or ill high
school. As the season progressed.
he gradually worked his way into
the shape he‘s satisfied with.

 

 

mm data
ystems

THE QUALlTY GOES 1N “NOR! 1H! NAME GOIS ON

S

   
 

at“?
. on“! ‘0 c .
“(ﬁshed staNSZ.‘
ettd expandalgznd ‘0 yoga“
is now ﬁfoe)‘ vest to an
“88 (eel
t 0““ ca
5 we“ as You
1.100-
I Each
3 5‘ o ‘2 Gasser-s “0mg
E““°“c:bi\\w- “am Ml it“ ‘°°‘ aw M\G‘°°'3mat\c 0' apes?
I I atke‘ » on." I 9‘6 noel“
I later" 7" m amtc R”; I Gremxfto TeeKwarranw
«28‘ f 'I  was iﬁndad .3231.“ and” N
S‘l‘nD ‘3 Away 5 I F O U \
$30251 D\teG“°“ N   '
e .
  we  - - .
a
 N D T \ \\ to mum“ ‘06
o\ 0‘
5:060" It“: '
m  a
1““ m
3
1°C aside!“
ADV» to)
V... vs SC“??? 9”“? (dd
7.7.45 C3324“ 01°”) (
3
- (51

 

 

 

 

 

 

._ ‘W’ﬁWgum as...» w

so maussrca ups
The Albany men's swimming loam upended Blnghomton and Union last week to push their dual moot

y Dean Chang
"UR/AL ASSISTANT
To the Albany State men's junior varsity
sketball team. basketball is a game of
an The team shows ﬂashes of greatness.
it is often brought down to earth with spells
'tnediocrity. Nonetheless. the Daties win
tncs; Tuesday night's 55—47 victory over
atnilton gave Albany their 16th win against
ly two losses.
To talk about streaks is to talk about the
aries' record; the team has sandwiched two
gin-game winning streaks around two eon-
ctrtive losses. Wlten the Danes go on the
run. they manage to keep the cold streaks
tttttrmbered by the hot streaks. That's ltow
ey beat their opponents. and Hamilton was
0 exception.
For the first 15 mintites. Hamilton played
'crtly with Albany. Neither team could get
ieir offense in gear; Hamilton sputtered
teir way to a 15-14 lead with five ruinrttes to
lay iti the half. "There was definitely a lack
1' concentration out there." said captain
)aunc Corley. “i could see it irt etcryone.
. ccausc of that we couldn't get ittlo the flow
I' tlte game iii the first half.“
l‘ltattks to an 11-2 spurt iii the final fiye
. riittutes. the Duties took it 25-17 halftime
' cad. Shots were either passed off or missed.
:. tasses were thrown ottt-of—botmds and the
tnt'orccd ttrrrtovers make the first half look
. 1\ tIllOl‘gtlllllL‘tl as it could hate ptissiltly'
rectt. Normally. the Danes are comfortable
- III the break. scoring points off steals arid
‘ tuning a close garric into an easy \ic‘ittl).
Against llatniltoti. Albany‘s transition gttmc
- was inept. Two-orr-ories and tlrrcc-on-twos
' tcsttllcd iti turnovers. missed sllttls or fouls.
take your pick. “Our fast break just \\‘11stt'l
in sync tonight.“ said Head Coach .linr
‘ Iloland. “We didn‘t gct our share of transi-
tiorr points. which forced us to play a
ltall‘cotrrt game."
Albany hit another hot streak itr tltc open-
3 ing minutes of the second half. outscoiittg
‘ Hamilton. 10-4. to take a 35-21 admntage.
" Naturally the Danes couldn‘t contitrttc the
'='lrot streak. Playing against the Dane second

i . . .
- string. Hamilton crawled back trrto the garlic.

I By Mark Wllgard

. \I ill ltlt’lllJ‘I

The Albany State worrien‘s basketball
learn bowed out of playoff contention 1'ues-
day night when they dropped a 72-58 decision
to ()nconta. The loss in tire SUNYAC [East
Regional leaves the team with a 15-0 record
on the y ‘111’.

The Danes had qualified for the first-ever
women's SUNYAC playoffs by finishing
fourth in tire Eastern Conference behind
(ineonta. l’lattshurgh. anti liinglutrnton.
Albany was jttst coming off of art e\citing
weekend in which they captured the Capital

 

  
 

By Mark Levine
.\I‘llltl\ I I’II'UR

“l'ni really glad that Wilson ended his
career with a win. He's been a good lxid; llt‘
worked hard for four y 'nrs.”

These were the words of Albany llcttd
('oaclt Dick Satters following 'l'rrcsday
evening's game against Hartiiltori. the final
home game for senior ctr-captain Wilson
Thomas. who- scored 11) points in the
Danes“ 65-58 win.

Thomas. the only senior oti this year's
“Wild. was pleased to end his career on an
“it note. saying. “it really t'ccls good to end
ltp the career with a win against Hamilton."
lle tiicti reflected on what he gained in his
tltree y 'ttt's of varsity play tttidcr Sorters.

"I learned to be patient." Thomas. who
led Albany irt scoring this year. said. “I
learned it lot of discipline. i learned how to
get urtder control and ltow to play rcttl
‘ttrganized ball. because in high school it's
lust ‘run-arid-gtm.‘ This is the first time I
really learned how to play basketball. This
really helped me out."

"He got about as ntuelr out of his ability
as he could." Sauers concluded. “He's 11
BOOK! kid and he's worked hard. I‘m proud
 ‘

 

.-&~‘:«

 

Thomas departs a winner

Witlt only six tniiitttes in the game. Albany
found themselves up by only six. 41-35. No
need for heroics; sortie solid basketball would
do just fine. lti came (‘orlcy. Curtis Oliver
arid Rich Chapman. three players that Coach
Boland relies on when it counts.

First Oliver connected for two: Chapman
followed with his own basket. With the
Danes up by ten. Hamilton had no choice but
to foul. and when it comes to foulsliooring.
the Danes ttiakc no mistakes. In the last two
and a half minutes. Albany szmk cigln of nine
free throws to seal the victory.

When the Danes execute on offense. no
opponent is '. Unfortunately. the teatti
hasn't been e ccutitig oflate. With the depar-
ture of shooting guard Andy O‘Connell. the
emphasis of the Dane offense has gone in-
side. ()1iver and Chapman are expected to
bear the brunt of the scoring load. bttt they
can't score if they don‘t get the ball. “We
didn‘t hit tltetti inside." said Bolttnd. “We
force the pass when we shouldn‘t and we
don‘t see tlicrti when they're open. We‘re not
its good team if Rich doesn‘t get involtcd ill
the offense. He didn‘t get the ball itt tltc lane.
and that‘s when he is productive.“

0n defense tltc Danes were solid. 'lltcy
forced turnoters with their Irat'rassing l'ull-
cottrt trap. “()trt defense won the game for
us.“ said lloltmd. “We didn‘t play as well as
our shooting may “in c indicated (224‘) hour
tltc field). | “115 really pleased with out 1-2
mile. a defense we don‘t often use. Duane
was outstanding there: he boycd out well.
llc's learning ltow to be 11 lighter. and he
needs that."

Rcborrnding is not an irtltctcttt skill to u
5‘11)“ guard. Said t'otley. “It‘s hard for tire
to rebound because the guy s are so much big-
ger. I‘m going to have to bitild myself up
physically il'l want to be ellcctiyc.”

  

r.

 

last \\'cdncsdav. the DilliL's trayclcd to
(lltcotttn and dct tied the Red Dragons.
(lg-(12. Albany I‘ccoyct'cd from a oneApoint
liztll'timc deficit to lead by as many its l2
points early iii the second half. ()neonla
ccntct' .loltti Kcnrns kept the Danes busy.
scoring 16 l'it'st-hrtlf poitrts on his way to it

 
 

District l'outnamcnt. llttt tltc Rcd Dragons
did not treat their guests kindly its Ihcy rolled
on to the semi-finals iti impressbe fashion.

Albany trailed by only 30-20 art the inter»
111l\\lt111. 'l'hey hard kept the score witltitt two
or three points the entire gzrrnc bcl'orc curly
second half disaster strtrcknOneonta carttc
out storming with three fast break baskets to
widen their lead to Ito-2o two minutes into the
half. The Dimes nctcr r‘ccmct'cd.

“At that point. we showed it lack of inten-
sll_\‘.” sttttcd Albany llead ('oacb Mari
Warnct. “lot '1 playoff game. we didn‘t play
with the intensity we should hate.“

 

 

 

 

ED MARUEBICH UPS
one senior Wilson Thomas: “I learned
a lot oldlsclpllne."

 

 

 

myoaicfsakugtkyu. I984 D ALBANY STUDENTPRESS   ‘ 

V Danes hold off Hamiltonffor'16th win, 55-47 '1 

ED MARUSSICH UP!)

Ray LaChance atlempts to score in earlier action. The JV Danes upped their win
streak to eight by tapping Hamilton Tuesday night.

game—high 27 points. For Albany. ('ltaprnzttt
hard 25. ()litcr scored 21 and (‘or Icy chipped
in 12.

On Saturday. the Danes defeated ('trr-
tlnrtd. 59-58. Albany only curried eight rrrcrt
to ('ortlatrtl. and were lucky to escape with .t
tictor‘.\~ ('ottlatid was in position to win the
gtttttc with three seconds left. but (‘otlcy' stole

A big factor in the game wars the reboun-
ding situation. According to Warner. “We
were annihilated on the boards.“ the ott'cn-
site rebottttd rally was 20-10 in tutor ot
()ncorrt... " l'lrat tlttC\tl'l sound bad. but they
ptrt in cycr'y second attempt. They must hate
scored it) points off second rebounds,” said
\\'arnct‘.

.lcrtn l’ollock led the way for Albany with
15 pttlllls. “hat was missing. though. was
scoring punch from tltc wing poxition. “We
needed those [itilllls and we simply didn‘t get
it." commented Warner. Ronnie l’atterson
added 12 pitiltls and Rainny Lestme had 9.

last weekend. the Ditties successfully
del'endcd tltc ('ztpital District Tournament by
defeating Rl’l and the College of Saint Rose
at Utti\_cr'sity' (iyrn. Warner said. "The game
against the [Engineers was one of our best
ballgttmcs of the‘yeat. We finally got some
well—rounded scoring."

lestlltc poured irt to points and 11 assists

whilc Pollock. Patterson. and Dianne her—
rttmtlcs all chipped in 12. The 71-58 victory
crtahled Albany to face St. Rose. who knock-
cd off Union. for the Capital District title.

The game against (‘SR wasn‘t decided 111]-
til the closing minutes. Albany finally took
charge frottr a tight ball garlic and pttllcd
away for a 69-61) victory. '

“We didn't play a good bttllgamc (27-76
shooting from tltc floor).“ stated Warner.

'tlrc irrbotrrrds pass to ptcseryc tltc \ictory,

()liyei led the team with 1:1 points. wlrrle Nick
l‘tllltt/ll scored it season-high 13 points.
RIM SHOTS: ()livcr had it team-high 15
poittts and ('orley threw iii 12 \s.
llumlltott . . . 'I‘lte Dunes hurl 1‘)
turttoyers . . . Albany trtrtels to Union lr‘ri-
day night.

Women cagers bow to Oneonta in SUN YA Cs

"It wars the kind of gamc where. you never

really feel control until the last three
minutes.“
it‘stttlc dtow cd hct lotrr turmcrtt f\1\’l’

form by pumping itt 21 points. l“lL'\lllllilll
Kim KtlsttlL‘k had lh‘ ptiiltls and nine rc-
hoirnds as the women cuccrs defended the
Capital District 'l‘ottrtutntent irr grand style.

 

 

a

“For a playOff game.)
we didn’t play will?
the intensity wg; 2.
should have. “:3 "

.—Muri li-‘(Irncr

 

 

 

I’AS'I‘ BREAKS: thitlt'k and Patterson were
also selected to the All-'I'ottrntiiuent
tearrr...'l'lutnks sltotrld go out to Amy Kidder.
'l'oitrttrtnrcnl Director...A|httrty's season
might be prolonged ll‘ they'receive wind to
the l-l('A(.‘ 'l'o‘urney March 2-3. .

Postseason play for the Danes?

 

Find out in the ASP on Tuesday.

 

