 

  
 

    
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

Fall to Nazareth, 64-47
missed foul shots hurt

By Mark. thgard

srarr uvursn

The Albany State Women's basketball
team saw their season come to an end Friday
night in the first round of the ECAC tourna-
ment. The Danes bowed to second-seeded
Nazareth College at University Gym by a
score of 64-47.

A quick glance at, the statistics clearly
shows where Albany lost the gatne. The
Danes had the advantage from the floor,
making 23 field goals to the Lady Flyers' 2|.
Albany even outreboundcd Nazareth. a team
with six players over 5'10". But once again it
was poor foul shooting that did Albany in.
The Danes made only 5 of 16 frecthrows
compared to the 18 of 18 the Lady Flyers hit
on.
With 3:45 to play. the Danes were trailing

54-45. During tltc next two minutes, their '

tough defense ltcld Nazareth scoreless.
However, in that time span. Albany proceed-
cd to miss the front end of three ortc and one
sitttatiotts. "If we had hit those frcc~throws it
would have been a different outcome,"
remarked Albany Head Coach Mari Warner.
"The line really killed us."

_A major concern for Warner coming into
the game was the height advantage Nazareth
possessed. The Danes pttt forth a valiant cf-
fort on the boards and outreboundcd the
Lady Flyers 48-34. “They outsizcd us, but we
still outrcboundcd them. " said Warner. “11‘
we had a halfway decent offensive night, it
would ltave been a different ballgame."

The offensive troubles started for the
Danes midway through the first half. Raiony
Lesane's basket with 10:29 remaining pttllcd
Albany within two points. 12-10. Nazareth
then went on a tear. scoring 18 unanswered
points to widen their lead to 30-10. The
Dattes finally scored at the 3:27 mark on a

 

 

 

 

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

The Albany State women's basketball team’s season came to a close when they
were beaten by second-seeded Nazareth in the first round of the ECACs on Friday

night.

 

MARCH 6.

- Women cagers b0w oat in first roundof ECACs

basket by Lesane.

“Nothing went well for us in those seven
minutes." stated Warner. I'Our rebounding
deteriorated and our shooting went sour."

The closest Albany could get was nine
points late in the game. “We played a good
second half. but we were down by so much it
was very hard to make up," said Warner.

Albany center Jean Pollack had an excep-
tional game with 22 points and 11 rebounds.
Lcsane added 11 points, but after that the
Danes' seorittg was lacking.

“Our wings weren't hitting. plus we didn’t
get the all-around scoring that we needed,"
stated Warner. I‘Our sltot selection was
good, but the ball just didn't fall in." Lcsanc
was 5 for 13 from the field. Ronnie Patterson
hit on only 3 of 14 shots and Nancy Grasso
was 1 for 8 from the ﬂoor.

The big gun for Nazareth was Maureett

“Next year things can
only get better for
' us. ”

—Coacll Mari Warner

 

Haley. The 5’5" guard poured itt 18 points to
lead her team. The Lady Flycrs also had well-
balunced scorittg as 4 players were itt double
figures.

This year's Duties are a very young tcatn,
seetnirtgly headed in the right direction. The
team is losing only one player, senior ch
Squazzo. “This year we made it to the
ECAC'S (a first for Albany Women‘s basket»
ball); ttcxt year, things cart only get better for
us." said Warner.

FAST BREAKS: Naiuretlt captured the tour-
nament hy‘defeuling top-seeded ()nconta
60-55. The Red Dragons had beaten Alfred
63-40 to advance to the championship
game... Albany closed out the year with a
15-10 record. :

Albany'tracken inish close third in SUNVYA Cs

By Mike Turkady

Head Coach Bob Munsey described his
team as "running at three-quarter speed"
because of personcl lost to fltt and injury. but
the Albany State men’s indoor track team
was still able to generate 60.5 points for third
place at the SUNY conference champion-
ships held at Fredonia this past Saturday.
The host Blue Devils dominated the meet
scoring 216 points to runner-up Cortland's 79
points, while Buffalo State totaled 53 points
for fourth and Geneseo surprisingly out-
pointed Binghamton to slip into fifth place.

As sure as death or taxes, Marc Mercurio
won the 35-1b. weight throw becoming
Albany’s first SUNYAC champion Saturday.
The junior weightman was able to produce
the winning toss of 47'4" on his first attempt
in the finals of the competition. Munsey ex-
plained,“That mark isn’t really meaningful
because they' were throwing in 20‘degrcc
weather with a weight 14 ounces over the
limit. The important thing is that when push
came to shove. Marc took first place." The
win stretches Mcrcurlo's undefeated streak to
ten straight. “l've still got some work to
do." the winner eonlidcd.“but 1 think We
got as good a shut as anyone at winning
States. They all know my name now."

Members of other teams must have been
wondering who the heavy-built guy from
Albany was when sophomore Chuck Bronner
passed teammate Ian Clements to take the
lead in the 5000metcr run which he won in a
personal-best time of 15:24.3. Clements was
unable to match Brenner's kick and finished
second in 15:27.9, marginally improving his
own personal best. Said Bronncr, “I'd been

running just terribly for weeks now. 1 didn't ’

 

UPS
Dane lan Clements came tn second In
the 5000 meters at the SUNYACs.

even know l'd made the trip until Thursday.
Gee, last week Ian lapped me, but 1 felt pret-
ly good Saturday." Coach Munsey evinced
surprise. “it was the most unexpected perfor-
mance in my coaching career. For Chuck to
be SUNY champ...the crowd was shocked. It
really gave the whole team a lift."

The Dane cause also got a big boost from
captain Ed McGill’s second-place finish in
the 3000-meter run. Around 2400 meters into
the race. McGill let Frcdonia superstar Kevin
Rumsey get a lead. and then closed the gap
steadily in the last 100 meters, but was ttnablc
to catch him. McGill's time of 8:404 was
within a second of Rumsey‘s new meet record
of 8239.9.

Captain Paul Mance recorded a best-ever
mark in the triple-jump Saturday. bttt finish-
ed fourth in the exceptionally tottgh field.
Mance's mark of 44'9" is his best this season
by half a foot. '

In a brave effort, junior distance-ace Jim
Erwin took third in the lSOO-meter run
despite a mild allergy attack and a lingering
cltest cold. “The Fredonia guys (Ken Talbot
and Chico Purcio) up front weren't really
taking it seriously. but [just wasn't healthy
enough to make them work for it." Erwin
noted. “We'll see them again at States.
though."

Other notable Dane efforts include John
Reilly's fifth-place ﬁnish in the 400-meter run
and Bruce Van Tassel's fourth-place finish in
the 50<meler high hurdles. Senior Andy
Callari ran a superior double recording a
solid split in the fifth-place 4x400-mcter relay

and a split of :52.9 in the fourth-place'

distance medley relay. Freshman Mike Haus
was clocked at 2:05 for his 800-meter leg of
the same distance medley relay. which was a
personal-best time for him. Senior ch
Jamerson took sixth place in the pole vault
with his mark of 13’0" to round out the
Albany scoring.

“Our team was missing key people because

of the flu and some of the guys who corn-
pclcd were a little “at, so we were about 75
percent and we recorded the closest third
place in our history," Munsey explained.
“The guys did about as well as 1 could ex-
pect. They hang together and they've got a
lot of guts. I'm very proud of them." This
Thursday the Danes travel to Union for an
informal meet against the Dutchmen in order
to prepare for the State Championships tltc
following weekend. 1 '

 

UPS
Junior Jlm Erwin took third place In the
1600 meter run In 4:083.

   

 

 

VOLUME LXXI

Pogue submits
Alcohol Policy
to Univ. Senate

Christine Retielt
STAFF WRITER

All students interested in having a keg par-
ty should do so iii the near ftttttrc because.
according to Vice-President for Stttdcnt Al'-
fairs Frank Pogue. a new policy is currently
being proposed which would prohibit
students from having kegs itt sttitc rooms.

According to policies set by the alcohol
committee, “The State University of New
York at Albany (SUNYA) is committed to
nutintaining an academic and social cnvirott-
merit cottdttcivc to the intellectual and per-
sonttl development of students arid to the
safety attd welfare of all tncmbcrs‘of the
university community."

The proposal will go to the Student Affairs
Committee on March 16, then to cxcctutivc
committee on April 5. with the final decision
being made at the full Senate tttcetittg on
April 9.

The proposal. aimed at curbing excessive
drinking. included suggestions by the Univer-
sity Alcohol Policy Review committee. which
is made up of both students and faculty
members. According to Pogue. the commit-
Icc was “unable to reach art agreement of
alcohol in suites.“ Sonte members stated that
the suite room is a private space. and
therefore students should be entitled to arty
form of alcohol.

Other members however, stressed the
aspect of education. saying that the universi-
ty has the responsibility to preserve the en-
vironment and make the campus conducive
to education.

Pogue, tlten. decided to compromise. “A
clean. safe cttvirortntent must be created." lte
said. “I am not restricting parties." he stress-
ed. “but just rcdttcing the amount ofalcohol
in rooms."

Jeff Schneider, Vice-President of Student
Association, disagreed with Pogue, saying
that eliminating keg use would not solve the
alcohol problem. "1 don’t like the idea of on-
1y ltaving beer balls in suites." asserted
Schneider, "because students can just as easi-
ly buy ten beer balls or ten cases of beer. The
keg ban would be impractical." ltc added.

in addition. Schneider feels that students
have not abttscd their right to have kegs in
suites. and therefore the right should not be
taken away from them. “The proposal is a
slight infringement on students‘ rights."
Schneider maintained. “because students
sltottld not be given limits which are not legal-
ly defined by law."

SA President Rich Schaffer agreed with
Schneider, saying that “restrictions will only
make students more apt to test the system

6b

LISA SIMMDNS UPS

Dr. Frank Pogue
"I ant no! reslricling parties. "

 

 

    
  
 

  
  

The Weltlngton Hotel

\ ,r.,,.-.

AN

é‘l’ﬁh .

 
 
 
 
 

 

0m.- optlon is student [rousing at the Tltrttwtrv House.

Thruway HouSe weighed as
alternative to Wellington Hotel

By Bob Gardlnler
STAFF WRITER

The sale of the Wellington Hotel ltas
brought about the question of what will hap-
pen to the 150 students that are housed thcrc;
thc‘administration has noted the possibility
of 'housing at the Thruway House Motel
across from the uptown campus.

The sale by the city of the Wellington
Hotel \\ as announced February 22 by Albany
Mayor Thomas Whalcn 111. Albany physi-
cian Michael A. Blasc purchased the building
for $1.25 million and plans to convert it into
luxury apartments or condominiums. At the
titnc of the sale Michael A. Blase ,lr., the
physician's son and business partner. told the
ASP the students should be able to continue
to live at the hotel throughout the spring of
1985.

Affirming the contentions of the new
owners of the hotel. Director of Residential
Life John Martonc said, “1 have contacted
the Wellington and it is our cxpcctaliott that
there will be housing there through the next
year."

llttt planning ahead to the fulttrc. Martonc
said that there has bccrt discussions with the
Tltrttway Mouse over the possibility of lions-
ing students tltcrc on a pcrrnattant basis.
“We are tttlking lo the Thruway House and
they are very positive about it. they are very.
very receptive." he said. He said that they
ltavc discussed the ttttmbcr of beds available.
setting up study areas for the students and in-
stalling coitt operated lattndry facilities. said
Martone.

Martone said that he has also checked at
another possible location but cottld not
discuss it or disclose the location. He added
also that he was expecting something positive
from the Wellington in the next couple weeks
concerning the students remaining there for
the 1984-85 school year.

About seven students stayed at the
Thruway Heuse this past fall, said Martone.
He added that arrangements were made
rather late last year to offer housing at the

Thruway, House and he did ttot know
whether it was this lateness or lack of interest
that resulted itt only seven students takittg ad-
vantage of the housing opportunity.

“Yes we cart house stttdcnls over ltcrc and
we are interested.” said Thruway House
General Manager Jim St. Denis. Tltcre are a
total o1‘243 rootns at the tttotcl with tile ma-
jority of them being doubles according to St.
Denis. He added that the managcrnent was
considering converting one wing irtto student
housing.

The motel would be able to offer 40 rooms
according to St. Denis. or ltousing for 80
students. St. Denis said that he is waiting for
tire university to get back in touch with him
about tltc proposal.

The management at the Motel are in the
process of structuring rates prescnty accor-
dittg to St. Denis bttt. he said, the cost per
student fora double rontn would be approx-
itnatcly $1,000 a setncstcr. This price inclttdcs
a once a week maid service to clean the
rooms, he said and student telephones and
televison service would be extra.

'1 ltc 150 students who live at the Well-
ittgtott pay between $500 to $600 per semester
dcpcttdittg on roottt size, according to a front
desk clerk at the hotel. Maid service is also in.
eluded in the price for a room there.

"The Wellington is clean and safe." said
\lartonc. “but the facility is tnttch older; the
1'hruwtty l-louse is tnttch tticer and closer."
There are large double rooms offered and
convenience to bathrooms, added Martone.

Wltcn asked about the nutnber of students
that will be displaced as a result of the sale of
the Wellington. Vice President for University
Affairs Lewis Welclt said, “The number is
fairly significant but when you compare it to
the total number of students living off cam-
pus it is not large."

Welch, however, asserted that he continues
to point out the need for additonal housing
and ideally it should be on-campus housing

because of accessibility. “We are goingnto
>

.. n~vv,_,-_t .4.,...;,

1’ Drama ALBANY STUDENT amass coupon my
*' Fnday*"

wMarch ' 9, 1984

 

 

   
 

NUMBER 11

 

UAS passes
7.3 percent

 

haunt-rt

 

rate increase 1,, 

By Jim O‘Sulllvan

[tn/mural. .tsx/smx :-
Board rates will increase by 7.3 percent
next year as a result of a vote by the Universi-

ty Auxiliary Services Directors Wednesday.

morning.

At tlte smite meeting a proposal to increase
the kosher kitchen subsidy to $40,000 was
defeated wltctt it failed to get a two-thirds
majority by two votes.

The ttvo»thirds majority was necessary
because the ptopttxttl would have amended a
decision at this past Friday's meeting to
decrease the \llll\ltl_\‘\\llltlll3)‘Cl11‘bl()$25.000
a year. ‘

lll order to meet the planned subsidy level
of $10,001) lot the Wild-XS school year.
kosltct board rates will go up 13.6 pcrccttt
next year. lhat figure includes the 7.3 per—
cent ittctcnw that all board rules will increase
by.

The rate increase was approved by a 14-2
vote, with only Adam Barsky and Adam
Zttltu, tun student rnctnbcrs of the Board of
Directors. toting against the increase.

immediately after the vote student mctnber
Ann Marie 1.211’orta, who had voted in favor
of the increase, tnadc a motion that the
Board reconsider its tlccision. Barsky second-
ed the motion. but it was defeated 11-4 by the
Board.

UAS General Manager E. Norbert Zahm
said the increase was necessary because the
state was charging more for power. the
school calendar next year included six extra
serving days, and government and trade
publication predictions of increased food
costs.

“What we are looking at basically is an
enormous increase in the ttlility rates," he
said. He poitttcd out that the state charged
UAS $250,000 this year. bill was asking for
$397.0“) for ttext year.

Zahm broke dowrt the increase. saying that
approximately 3.7 percent would go towards
the tttility hill. while the rest would pay for
the expected higher costs of food. paper pro-
ducts, and insurance, and for the six extra
serving days.

Last year‘s board rules were increased by
4.7 percent. Zahm said, although two years
before no increase was tnade.

Referring to the utility rate increase and
the six cxlra serving days in next year‘s
budget, Zahm tnaitttaitted "there's two ex-
ceptional situations tltis year that we haven’t
met before."

He also said that with the ittcreasc. the
price of a breakfast, lunch, and dinttcr plan
would be $1,033 next year. as opposed to the

. :6.

2.4

JOE scuwmonsu UPS
UAS Prosldent Johanna Sarracco

Power costs prompted hike.

 

