 
 
 

has” .

Ir: 9'3." ‘

 

 

.3?

 .ﬂ

 

 ova-wvam/v

 

 

 

 

 

 

. ‘  tilt“ W“lV‘LBANWSTMDENMEESS,iLttTUulitiD/WAMA‘RQH :3,.7984

 

1’: ' ' ‘ i W ‘ l I
thlpisifdiiicint ofkthe Sports Magazine should'be subtitled Against All Odds. For
out [asap id 00 to get this issue out. Originally this was‘supposed to‘ have been
the da buefzs ay With a cover stOry on the three area sports announcers. HOWever,
f. d by ﬂow we were tostart production, one of the three; Yafi Lombardo was
in; y c .annel 5ix. There went the centerfold. .
weeclzgtri‘ggsilgcagzundfor ideAs, photographer 'Ed Marussich decided on this past
Dome Th I DiViston I Track and Field Championships in the Syracuse Carrier
in S ra.c e an y problem was we didn't have a press or photo pass and the people
Iimyrn us?h espite all our begging would not give us any-passes. We did have one“
Ea” gr 0 Hose Bob Luckey, another UPS photographer had'a photo pass for the
Roseynbg ti: , the ‘UniverSIty of North Carolina’s paper and along with Kurt
- . eassoctate ' ' I
on Fridayg sports editor of the Dad) Tar iIei-l, we headed to Syracuse
Despite the inhospitality of some of ' '
. our hosts In the Dome. we mana ted to ’8!
the roll) done..(Se‘e the centerfold) For the magnitude of the event, thgre was; a
stigma wargn feeling surrounding it, Everyone, even the "Iosers'f were all smiles
rabojlear‘rgetcntgkbie havingIaugood time. Oh sure, there were complaints, specifically
t se an etem erature in the a t t 1' " ' '
was very posmvé. I p rtn i, but othcrwise the feeling
[02213161201 "loser" is something  would like to talk about briefly. The term was
Th Ie a out, mostly by the media and everyparticipant had the same answer.
Where werehno losers at this event. Not everyone won this weekend, but everyone
th p  erre was a champion of some sort otherwise he wouldn‘t have been
0e; edgi e irst place. Too much emphasis is placed on winning and‘what have
 e b ntehltor me lately instead of on the sheer excitement and joy of watching
bl: r fa etes perform their sport. i learned it is difficult to appreciate the incredi'
scr per grniances turned in by these athletes while viewing them on'a television
mezzo; Y$Ltjv|g£t1geﬁthf sfecohnds tick offand you watch the race replayed in slow
. e ee 0 w at it means to go SS-meters in six seconds '
' t _ I . . . . ., to blink
Easyigcednhﬂis Elghl'ltlfSJfﬂllztet; g: hurtling pass you, to see a person lift his entire
a a ee 0 t e ground. Next time iou \. t‘l '
remember how difficult the task is th1t th ‘ ) 'w L 1 a mo" event
I t e athlete is )ertorminl t
makes it seem. Then try and call him a loser. I 11 md howpnsy he

 
  

v 'i V:
\‘ «gm; Othvdfuut

 

j ,"“"Content’sf 

3 INTERVIEW: PHIL JACKSON

The former New York Knickerbocker and present coach of
the Albany PatrOOns states his views on the NBA and the CBA
and reminisces about those championship days of the early
70's in an interview with Marc Schwarz. l

4 COVER STORY: THE NCAA INDOOR
TRACK AND FIELD CHAMPIONSHIPS
Impressions of the past weekend's championship meet from
the Carrier Dome by Marc Schwarz. Images by Ed Marrusich
and Bob Luckey. The trio portray the winners and the rest of
the best Ironi America 's collegesland universities as they look
towards Los Angeles.

6 IT’S THE BATTLE IN SEATTLE IN.84

Columnist Mark Levine tells why the Tarheels, the Blue
Demons, the 'Cats and the crew from Phi Slamma lamina
aren ’1 going to be there and that lohn Thompson is going to
have a not around his neck.

7 AN NBA POSTSEASON PREVIEW

A look at the NBA season as it draws to a close and who is ex-
pected to do what in the upcoming playoffs. Alan Somkin
details the action.

8 AMIA INTRAMURAL STANDINGS

Who ’5 doing what in basketball and an explanation of the

playoff format.

cw Photos III-

Co‘ell P381 2 aud ce'l'e' phatos excel" 10' “Ike Co”
lEY by Ed MJI'USSICII  Centerfold 5|")! 0‘ COIIIEY by
I
Page 3 pl‘lOlOS 0f Phll Jackson and pi! e 6 and 7 pIIO‘OS
8
fEPlfllted COUI'TCSY 0' "IE Capital DIS'YIC. Hewspapets.

 

 

 

 

 

    

  
  

From left to right, Ve

rn . - .
Arlington), lemme 0" Gm'ﬂl‘ (Untversrty of Texas ,1;

Wilson (U '

A" .“sm ntversity of Term -. s I - .

in : qua?ifv?u'nt’t‘iNorth Carolina State) stride 

pinnship "Y  leg: floydthe 55-meter high hurdles chain-

C I - sr esoflon 1nd ' -‘ it '-
onlty tht led Arkansas to its flrsi leam'rt'l'flltf lump” Md“

 

  

 

 

INTERVIEW:

Phil Jackson is presently the coach of the
Albany Patroons of the Continental Basket-
ball Association. Jackson, who is 39, played
it seasons for the New York Knicks of the Na.
tional Basketball Association from 1967 to
l97ti. He then was an assistant coach, player
and announcer for the New Jersey Nets. He
played in 80f games for the Knicks anti never
averaged more than it points a game and
was known for his defense and long arms.

The graduate of North Dakota University
took over the helm ofthe then 8-17 l’atroons
last January and finished the season with .in
li-ll record. This year the Pats are in second
place and will appear in the‘playoffs.

Jackson was interviewed in the Aishington
Avenue Armory, home of the I’alrotms, by
Marc Schwarz.

________’______.—-———
ASP: Since coming to Albany late last season,
the team has turned around froin a flounder-
ing expansion team into a playoff contender.
What has caused that change?

Jackson: When we selected players this
year, we selected them not for their NBA ex-
perience or their quality of talent, but for
their ability to play together as a unit, as a
team. We sacrificed maybe less talented
players, for team players, for something that I
think the crowd in Albany would appreciate
as a group.

ASP: You played for the championship New
York Knick teams, not the most talented
team but a group that played together. is this
philosophy a throwback to those teams?
Jackson: I think so. Anytime you are really
involved in coaching or in playing learn
basketball, you are looking for a group of
guys who can play together as a unit as op.
posed to outstandingly talented ballplayers. I
played on teams with great ability that never
made it to the playoffs; Bob McAdoo and
Spencer Haywood and a number of
ballplayers that were of great talent never
made it to the playoffs and I played with
teams of lesser talent and as you said that
went all the way to the playoffs and won the
Championship. 1 think that’s what does it and
the final result is you have to have people
pulling together. ‘
ASP: Did playing under Red Holzman affect
your coaching philosophy?

Jackson: It affected me tremendously. I think
the most marked effect he has made on me is
that this is a man's basketball game, these are
not high school or college players. They
deserve responsibility and respect and you
need to approach the Job as a professional. I
think in a lot of aspects of the NBA and pro-
fessional basketball today the coaches are

. disciplinarians and workaholics and they try

to assume too much responsibility for their
players. A lot of coaches do not let their
players run one offensive set on their own,
consequently you do not have players who

 

 

show choices, varieties, last second (leci-
sions. As a result the NBA is laden with teams .
who cannot win on the road. lt‘s irresponsi-
ble. i think what he (Holzman) bred in his
teams was responsibility. And the players
who could not meet the responsibility were
teams that were not great teams. Teams that
could meet the responsibility challenge were
very good learns.
ASP: Was it difficult making the transition
froin player to coach?
Jackson: It was extremely difficult. You are
always empathizing with the players when
you are a new coach. When making the tran-
sition, you are always sympathizlng with the
injuries, the game, the travel and all those
other situations that make you empathize
with the players’ situation because you were
one yourself. Asa result you might not be as
hard a taskmaster, at least l’m not as hard a
taskmaster, as a lot of coaches t know who
would just as soon not focus (in how many
uncomfortable situations a player might
have, the physical aches and bruises a player
might have, and consequently you give in a
little easier. You have to work players hard to
get a good performance out of them.
ASP: Then again, the theory is you ( annot be
ti good coach unless you played the game.
Jackson: Very true. lt’s ultimately the truth,
because you cannot ontpalhi/i' with them at
the level of why my boys didn’t win tonight.
We seen a lot of coaches who haven‘t
played this game, who toaclii-d their players
like horses. They considered if they weren’t
winning the races anymore, they were used
up. And they discard them, they are only
good when they are winning races and runn»
ing fast, but I don’t like that attitude at all.
Players are always reti‘ievable, they always
have aspects of the game that are very impor-
tant to you. The team aspect is probably as
importatnt as the talent aspect. i think these
things are very important and if you learned
them as a player you never forget them as a
coach.
ASP: Do you view the CBA as a minor league
to the NBA or as a pro league unto itself?
Jackson: At this point in time it is a minor
league, an accelerator for the NBA. I think it
has the potential to become a professional
league on its own. There is enough market—
God knows with cable TV now there is
enough of a market for a fan group to
become CBA fans. There is enough of a city
market, of cities around the country of a
million population base or something close
to that. With arenas they can attract crowds
from 5,000 to 6,000 a night— the Springield,
Ohio’s, etc., where there are no Division I
basketball teams and are really looking for
basketball. There are enough areas in the
country where the CBA has the potential of
upgrading its caliber of not only play but
salaries.

 

 

 

 

   

TUESDAY, MARCH i3, 1984 u AtBANY STUDENT PRESS .

'1

ASP: One criticism of the CBA is that it has
not been able to offer the salaries that they
need to grow. What do you see for the
future? Do you see that money coming in?

Jackson: First of all they have to prove there
is a market and Albany, Detroit. Louisville,
Sarasota have proven in the last couple of
years that there is a market for the bigger cl-
ty. There are higher attendances in these

towns than ever before and so I think that the ‘

CBA instead of looking for a market of
150,000 in a smalltown like a Lancaster, Pen-
nsylvania, or Brockton, Massachusetts, is go-
ing to be centering on places with a higher
population.
ASP: What about the possibility of a civic
center for the Albany area?
Jackson: There are two things you have to
consider. One is that it would be really nice
to have a nice arena in this town that would
seat, oh, 7,500 or 9,000 people. There is talk
that they want something that seats l5,000. I
think that would be an empty barn, very
hard to fill many nights in this town. I do
think there is something special about the at-
mosphere in a small place that is packed
with people that you can't replace unless
you can pack a place that seats 9.000 and
3 have at least two-thirds of a crowd in there.
Otherwise people get lost among tht.- seats
and the rafters, the noise intensity isn't as
high the atmosphere isn't as friendly, as
warm, and as a result you can burn yourself
out. That happened in Rochester. They hail a
CBA team for years. They drew relatively
well anti then in the last few years they
couldn’t fill the War Memorial building
which seats 7,500 people. They would have
t,000 people and it would look as if there
was no one in the building. Consequently
there was no noise and there is less intensity
iii the games as a result of the crowds.
ASP: But eventually, if the league was to
grow, you would need a bigger arena!
Jackson: Yes, you would have to have a
Glens Falls-type place at minimum.
ASP: One phase of the CBA that has drawn a
lot of praise has been the seven point system.
Do you believe the NBA will ever adopt it?
Jackson: No, I think it has potential but i
think if any owner can see the fact that
somewhere down the line his team could not
make the. playoffs and have won more games
than the other team, which is always a
possibility with the point system, he would
feel that it would be uniustilied.
ASP: Do you like it?
Jackson: I like it a lot. i think it keeps
people‘s attention in the game, but when it
gets down' to playoff time, we’ll throw the
point system out because ultimately you

 

'- Ex-Knick Phil  L
Coa

ch of the Famous '

 
  

   

  

can't judge a contest on a point system, not
basketball yet.

ASP: When Willis Reed hobbled onto the
court ‘in the championship against the
Lakers, how much did it really help the

team?

Jackson: I think it affected the fans intensely.
To have seen a bunch of young players in.
New York City, which wasn't quite like.
nowadays with the amount of press and;
publicity it seems like e\ii\thing is blown
out of proportion. everything becomes
another extension of General Hospital or a
soap opera. Back then there seemed to be

’ some reality about this group of young men

that had come together. It was a very young
group of people. it started out in the old
Garden and moved to the new Garden. They
played together for two and a half years and
they had some kind of magical quality about
them. We had done a couple ofcommercials
to be sure, there wasn't anything untainted
about the commerciality of professional
basketball, but it wasn't that continued
publicity, publicity about the thing. And the
publicity was based on the fact that it was a
team, Willis Reed was in effect the enforcer,

I the captain, and when he went down in the

fifth game, the world wasn't watching, i
don't even think the game was televised na-
tionally. They had it on closed circuit in
Manhattan, but even closed circuit was such
a rarity in '70, the bars had mobs outside the
ones that could get closed circuit at that
time. When he went down it was like an in-
side thing that these 20,000 could share that
this man went down on the floor and it was a
tragic event and the fact that after he got up
his team rallied with the tallest player l'ieing
ti'7” and won the game. 'I be fifth game was
i breath of fresh air because now they had
our or five days left before the seventh game
ind they could possibly win the sixth game.
so the team went out to l..i\. for the sixth
game and it was a natural 40-point Wilt
Chamberlain production against Nate
Bowman anti it came back and it was, ‘Will
Willis be ready, will he be ready?’ He was
oiin the real size player they had that could
go against Wilt. l'lc canto out onto the court
a minute before the game was to go off and it
was a nationally broadcast game, but the
crowd was so into each other. and it was
such a close community that crowd that they
went absolutely bananas. You couldn't hear
yourself speak, if you were yelling you could
not hear your own voice in the arena. The
players, people down on the floor like l was,
it was an extremely intense, emotional ex-
perience. The Lakers turned around and

Zal.

 a ,t - , -\.;;ai - ;‘;«i’v..,,2 ..,

March '13}

 

 

 

