. Faroax‘rcakuakr 24. .1984 a ALBANYSTl/DENTPRESS 

 

 

s

. V“ '  1:
Iran clalms big/go

. “r. .,
life"
.tit-V'. ' v . ‘
. Alﬁtuqrult...lraq.
(AP) Iran claimed today its troops had pus t-
ed .“deep inside lraq." captttring l5 villages
and part of the strategic tttain highway link-
ing Iraq's two largest cities.

Iraq said it had smashed two lraniah offen-
sives. but it had no imtnediate conttuent on
the latest Iranian claim. ' -

g-“The very strategic. Bagltdad-Amnralt'
highway is seized in several points by the
combatants of the Islamic Republic of Iran."
said the oflicial lranian news agency. lRNA.
monitored in Cyprus. ‘

Al-Amarah is some lSU miles south ot'.tlte
capital. Baghdad. and tilt) tttiles nortlt ot'
Basra. lraq's second-largest city.

The agency did not specify tltc highway
locations captttred and it was rtot intntediate~
ly clear if the attack was part of an assattlt
lattttchcd Tuesday rtigltt lit the certtral sector
of the 733-milc-long border or orte bcgttn
Wednesday night on Basra.

Shells hlt Belrut
Iieirnl

(AP) Moslcm anti Christian militiamen trad-
ed shells in central Beirut arid the cttpilttl'>
suburbs overnigltt. killirtg l5 civilians and
wounding 58 others. police said Thursday.

The figltting persisted as Saudi Arabiatt
mediators pressed their efforts to find a solu-
tion to the Lebanese crisis.

President Atnitt (ietnaycl attd ltis foreigtt
minister. Elie Salem. lteld a six-hour con-
ference during the nigltl witit Saudi mediator
Rafik l'lariri at the presidential palace on the
latest proposals for ending the conflict.
palace sources said.

US. Marines Thursday finished reloading
eqttipment and prepared for their witltdrawal
from bttnkers at licirttt‘s airport to strips off
shore.

Shells crashed ittto tltc densely populated
Shiite Moslcm sorttltertt suburbs and outlying
Christian neighborhoods attd ittlo rcsidentia
areas on hotlt sides of the "green line" that
divides Beirut into Moslettt atttl ('hristian sec-
tors. ,

Koch meets pontiff

Vatican C il_v

(AP) Pope John Paul It gave his blessing to
the people of New York City on Thursday
dttring a 30-minute audience with Mayor lid-
ward Koch.
“I told him the people of New York love
and cherish him. ttol only Catholics but
Jews. Protestants. humanists and non-
bclicvers." Koch. wlto is Jewish. said after
the audience.
Koch said lte also spoke of New York‘s

everybody.“ ‘ ‘ ‘ 
tc pope at not directly responditofa
'"  to New yang. a ' *x

. ind-e iiie reeling thaton'cc y

New Yorkayotrgot’locome back." , j
' Nearing t ‘ d.'o't"a' four-day visit to

20 minutes. tlten was joined by his aides for
the remainder of the audience.

Nationwide
Boy-l'n-a-bubble dlee

 

‘ Hons/an, TX
(AP) David. the 12-year-old “bttbble boy"
who remained bright and cheerful through a
life of isolation. is dead only 15 days after
leaving his sterile environment —- the victitn
of a failed attempt to free him for a ttorntal
life.

The longest-surviving \ ictittt of a rare cort-
ditiort that robbed him of immunity to
disease. David died Wednesday night in his
roottt at Texas Children's Hospital. officials
said. Doctors said today he died as a result of
art abnormal growth of certain cells. attd not
from grat't-vs.-|tost tlicsease as earlier believ-
ed. 4
During the final hours. |)a\id acknowledg-
ed hc was extremely ill and that death might
be imminent. his doctor. \\'i||iant Shearer.
said today at a news conference.

"He said that we ltad all tltcsc tubes atttl all
these tests attd ‘l‘m getting tired. Why don‘t
we jttsl pull ottt all of these tribes and let tttc
go ltontc."' Shearer said.

Hart and Glenn race_

Concord. N. [1.

till. “I represent a city that ltas a million of

.Sing Correctional Facility in Ossining. it

' ' f“tota|ly idle."

 

 

(Al’) Democratic presidential rivals .lohn
(ilcntt and (iary that are botlt claitnittg to be
sccottd man in a two-man race with front-
rurtttcr Walter F. Mondale. While some of tire
darker horses concede that the first primary
election ttcxt neck irt New llatnpsltirc tttay
also be their last. r
"There are still only two candidates itt this
race — lirit/ Motttlalc and myself — with tile
broad ttatiortal support. resources attd ballot
access to be nominated." (ilenn declared
\\’cdnesday in a paid television commercial
dcsigtted to help his campaign recover from a
fifth-place finish in Iowa‘s lead-oft
CilllSClISCS.
(iletttt‘s claim scented to be aimed at Hart.
who said after finishing second itt [own that
tile choice for voters will soon be “between
former Vice President Mondale attd myself."

working to translate his unexpected sltowittg
itt lowa ittto sttortger campaign organizations

Matt was in Washington on Wetlnestlay.'

' Albany
(AP) The watchdog Correctional Association
of New York has charged that Gov. Mario
Cutmto and the State Legislature have done
little to correct idleness among inmates in the
state's cvcrcrowded prisons.
In a report scheduled for release this week.
the group said that tnore titan six months
after the January I983 uprising at the Sing

found two out of every three inmates there

Based on research conducted during 1983.
the Association found conditions at Sing
Sing to be much worse «than in other state
facilities studied. it said that about 70 percent
of the prisonrpopuittlion at the'maximunt-z
security institution —_ sortie l.-200 prisoners,
—— were found to have nothing to do.

Penn security upped

New l'or/v City

temporary increase in patrols may not be the
answer.

Policc beefed up patrols inside Penn-
sylvania Station. restored a television
surveillance camera that" had been removed
for economic reasons. and provided
,plainclothcs police escorts for engineers go-
ing to and from the trainvards.

The security measures follow the shooting
Tuesday of Amtrak engineer Richard Russo.
29. who was in critical condition arid on a
respirator after undergoing tnorc than 10
hours of surgery at Bellevue Hospital. Russo
was shot in the face about 7 am. near a yard-
master's office on a Long Island Rail Road
platform.

Cancer center picked

‘ ’ New York City
(AP) An independent health advisory council
voted Thursday to include Memorial Sloan-
Kettering Cancer Center in a test program of
.a $4 million nuclear magnetic resonance scatt-
rtcr. against the recommendations oftlte state
health commissioner. a spokeswoman for the
cottttcil said.
State Health Contrttissioner David Axelt'od
recommended last week that Sloan-Kettering
he scratched front the list ' for the new

 

(AP) Security at Pertnsylvania Station ltas
been increased itt the wake of six shootings lit
and around the massive train terminal. but
ttnion officials and workers are concerned a

 

 

 

ethnic diversity attd told the Polish-born pon-

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

Albany Medical College. will Week. international FllmGroup,
discuss "Dilemnas Facing University Cinemas. Student
Association. JSC-Hlllel. Chapel
NYPIRG i'and Pax
Christi. The movie ts lies.

The Red Cross Btoodmoblle will
stop Monday, February 27. from

free listings

at the University Art Gallery.
John Ashbery of
Magazine and John Yau ot Arts man

and John ‘Ashbery. -
A YMCA Reception for Black
Essay Contest Winners will be
held Sunday. February 26. at
3:00 pm. at the Albany Public
Library's main branch located
at 161 Washington Avenue. Dr.
Dortna Evans. of Sktdmore Col-
lege. will be the guest speaker.
The Legislatlve Forum of New
York State wlll meet Tuesday,
February 28. at 10:00 a.m. at the
Albany Publlc Library's maln
branch located-v. at
Washington Avenue.

The

 

dEY.

 

A Poetry Reading will lake place Health Servtces."
Friday. February 24. at 8:00 pm. The German Club will hold a House.
block party Mortday. February
Newsweek 27. at 12 pm. It will feature Ger~

Magazine will read. respective- Leldenschaltttchen"
ly. the poetry of Falrlletd Porter shown at 7 pm. The room will
be announced later.

orlglnal
from London. will be appearing
Friday. February 24. at 8 pm. at
the Campus Center Ballroom.
Tickets are $4 with a tax card.
and $7 without a tax card.

“In Our Hands.“ 3 documentary
about a 1982 nuclear disarma-
ment rally will be shown Tues-

161 the Campus Center Assembly
Dr. Hall and at 8:30 pm. in LG 18. held Monday. February 27 and

. t
hard Galntner’. resident and TheltlmlsaWOrld Week event._Tuesday. February 28. at 7.00 their mud annua.
:h‘iet executlvep olllcer of and Is co-sponsored by World NFL in the James L. Meader th-

elsewhere. Mondale stayed home, as well.

The movie. “Die
will be

food.
10:00 am. to

Bootleg Beatles. the St. Rose.

cast of Beatlemania

February 28 at 2:00 pm. in

Joseph's Hall. Auditorium. at
985 Madison Avenue. The event
is sponsored by the College of

The Registration Deadline for a
' workshop entttled “The Woman
Within: The Importance of a
Positive Sell-image" is Monday.
February 27. The workshop will
be held Saturdays. March 3 and
10 lrom 9 am. untll 4 pm. In the
Albany Campus Center of
Russell Sage College. '

Audltlom (or "Pal Joey" will be

Guardian Angels chapter In the area.

Troy campus. Audi
should come prepared

4:00 pm. at St.
dependence Day will

served.

9:80 am. at the Friends
House. 727 Madison

tte Theatre on the Russell Sage

song. and it possible. bring
sheet music. The muSical will
open on Thursday. April 26.

The Dominican Republic’s In-

:oplc of a speech by Professor
Diego Delgado of the United Na-
tions. Sunday. February 26 at 5
pm. in the Humanities Building.
room 39. Refreshments will be

A Tax Resistance Cllntc will be
held Saturday. February 25 at

The event is sponsored by the
Mllttary Tax Resistance and
Alternative F'und. Attendees are
advised to bring a bag lunch.

The Irish Club wlll be having

Patrick's Day Party on Friday.

diagnostic machines because the private
hospital already has access to'ottc across the
street at New York llospital-(‘orncll Medical
Center. '

ED MAHUSSICH UPS

Guardian Angel leader Curtis Sllwa outslde Albany City Hall last week. He and other
members of his group were surveying Albany residents on their opinion regarding a

March 2. from 9 pm. to 1 am. in
the Campus Center Ballroom.
There will be live entertainment.
beer and refreshments. Admis-
slon will be $3 and advance
tickets will be on sale in the
Campus Center lobby.
“Home” by Samm-ar T.
Williams will be presented
February 23-26 at 8 p.m.. with
Saturday and Sunday mattnees
at 3 pm. at the Capital Dlstrict
Psychiatric Center, 75 New
Scotland Avenue. The event ls
sponsored by. the Black Ex-
perience Ensemble Theater.
Donations are $8 (or the general
public and $4 for students.
children and senior citizens.
The Women's Safety Task Force
will meet Tuesday. February 28
at 1 pm. In the President's Con.
lerenoe Room. Administration
Building. room 253. All
members of the campus com-
imuntty are welcome to attend.

tloners
to do a

be the

Meeting
Avenue.

pre-St.

 

 

   l. crvrc‘eénter‘proposal leavesCOmm'unttyf‘eariiil '

Y: -t .2 .‘v nan... ~ -- r 3..» r... ’Snf .

. ;_.Acv.. a‘itua. ..:..c..‘.......;;r

By Jim O'Sulllvan

EDITORIAL ASSIST/INT
SUNYA President Vincent O'Leary's plan

for a civic center and fieldhouse complex at‘

Fuller Road and Washington Avenue has
upset nearby home-oivncts who say they are
onried and fearful ofa large increase in traf-
l’ie on the already busy roads.

O'Leary is away at a conference and was
unavailable for comment.

“it's just too much traffic for that small a"

space." said McKownville resident Dorothy

Ellinwood. “The people of McKownville are ‘

concerned about keeping the area as a nice
place to reside and bring up a family." said

SUNYA Math Departmeni Chair and area

resident Lindsay Childs.

McKownville is the residential area directly
adjacent to the proposed site of the center
and a part of the Town of Guilderland. Ac-
ting President of the McKownville improve-
ment Association Jim Lane said that the
association executive board would meet with
SUNYA Vice President for University Af-
fairs Lewis Welch on March 1 to discuss the
proposed civic center. L'ane added that no
stand was being taken by the board until
after that meeting. but that the association is
concerned and that the community “doesn't
want to be overwhelmed by large groups of
people coming in here.”

Lane said his first thought was that the
civic center should be built in downtown
Albany or in Latham. “We really don't need
another large institutional structure around
here."

Guilderland Town Supervisor Kevin Moss
agreed with commttnity concerns over the
proposal. “The town of Guilderland has
strong rcscrvations...about the traffic to be
generated at the site." he said. He expressed
concern over the combined effects of a civic
ecrtter and the new Crossgate Mail. a 975.000
square foot shopping mall. opening in two
weeks on the Washington Avenue extension.

“Putting it at the SUNY campus would
cause rcal problems...probletns we can't even
imagine." he said. Moss. who said he has
already ntct with Welch, also maintained that
()‘Lcary’s plan probably will fall through.
"There are grave questions right now as to
whether the University plan is feasible.“ lte
said.

Moss said tlte civic center should be pttt in
tlowrttown Albany because “there are areas
in tire core of Albany that need this draw.
like downtowtt Albany...if you pttt the civic
center up here near the border of Guilderland
you‘re certainly not helping the revitalization
of the city of Albany."

Weleh said that Moss raised tltc concerns
of Guilderland residents but that “he didn't

Senator offers
alternative to
21 drinking age

By Jon Wlllmott
.\ m: r lt'erEk

Terming it “a viab'e alternative to raising
tlte drinking age." State Senator Jay P.
Rolison Jr. (R-C. Poughkecpsie) announced
his proposal to revoke. until age 21, the
driver's license of any yottng adult convicted
for the first time of driving while intoxicated
or while under the influence of drugs.

Under the new proposal. 20 year olds
would have their licenses revoked for a
minimum of six months. even if they should
turn 21 during that period.

hob lloor. chairman of the Albany County
Restattrnnl artd Liquor Dealers Association's
legislative cornntittee. said, “While this pro-
posal is a better proposal titan raising the
drinking age to 21. it is not the proper solu-
tion."

Rolison said since 99.5 percent of all til-20
year old drivers were riot involved in any
alcohol-related traffic incidents last year.
that there was a better solution than raising
the drinking age to fit. “instead of pro.
hibiting cvcryorte tttttler twenty-one from
drinking. we are singling out for punishment
only those who ltave proven their inability to
handle the responsibilityof being a licensed
driver itt New York." he asserted.

Ilopc tieislcr. tlte legislative director for
Student Association of the State University
(SASU). said. “It‘s an interesting idea since
it targets specifically toward the offenders."

 

— -r-—s

_ “er-1tth ‘

 

 

 

Houses adjacent to proposed site

. ‘s

a f

 ‘t'rr "' A
“in Fair

 

 

 

Residenlsfear increased traffic andfor children ‘s safely.

raise specifies" when they met;

Speaking of his upcoming meeting with the
McKownville Improvement Association
Board. Welclt said. "i can answer their ques-
tions; whether or not they will be satisfied is
another question." He said the Crossgate
Mall was taken into consideration in the pro-
posal. “There are answers to their
concerns." lte maintained.

“Most of the people in my neighborhood
(McKownville). are vehemently opposed to
the civic center. We know that we’re going to
suffer from the noise. tlte crowds, the traffic
congestion and tire automobile pollution.“
said SUNYA Psycology Professor Carol
Waterman. who lives a block away from the
proposed site.

Waterman said her neighbors were “unen-
thusiastic" about the idea. "i haven't spoken
to anyone itt my street or the McKownville
area that wants it here.“ she stated. Most of
the people of McKownville don‘t think the
ccttter will actually be bttilt. she added.

SUNYA Sociology Professor Steve
Mcssrtcr. who lives on Warren St.. a block
away from the proposed site. expressed his
concern about the traffic increase in regard
to the nearby Thruway. Northway. and l-90
interchange. He said it was too close to those
highways artd that tltey could bceontc backed
up with the additional use.

Childs agreed with Messner's assessment
and tinted that the interchange was approved
for rebuilding last fall. and that during the
planning stage a proposal to redirect an exit

 

NYs SENATE
Senator Jay P. Rollson. Jr.

An al/ernalt've Io raising I/te drinking age.

Gary Fryer. spokesman for Governor
Mario Cuomo. said. “Tltc Governor‘s posi-
tion has rtot changed. He remains firm on his
proposal to raise the drinking age to 2]."

Peter Bauntan. who owns Harpo's Pttb.
said of Rolison‘s proposal. "it is an absurd
idea. What do you do with the 50 year old
who drives drunk?"

"it's age discriminating pure attd simple.
Anytime penalties differ for people with
same responsibilities it is obvious discrimina-
tion.“ said lioor.

Mary llcth Mooney. spokeswoman for
Roiison. said. “Hopefully next week we will
introduce the bill." She also noted that many
assemblynten rtnd senators ltave shown in-
terest in the legislation.

Dick Mathiett. Special Assistant to Scntttc

9»

ramp was scrapped because there was no
available land.

Childs also expressed fears for the safety of
ttcighborhood children. and said that the
busy roadways are already a source of worry
for parents. “A lot of us have kids...they (the
roads) act as moats and don't allow the kid's
to rttcct their friends." he added.

Parking was another of (‘ltilds' concerns.
He said that plans include using the Dutch
Quad parking lot and charging patrons SI per
car left ill the lot during events at the civic
center. “Anyone who knows the

neighborhood at all will park on side
streets." he said.

(‘hilds said he feared people might allow
cars to park on their lawns adjacent to the
center. a cornnton practice around the
University of Illinois' Stadium and the
Orange'Bowl in Miami. Not only is this ugly.
he maintained. but “it doesn't ntake it very
safe for the kids."

Welch said tltc proposal calls for 2.500 on
site parking spots. bttt that that would be
bolstered by the 9004.500 spaces available
on the west edge of the campus after 5 pm.
on weekdays and all the little on weekends.

SASU calls Wharton ‘ambiguous’; _
blames Cuomo for tuition plans

By Christine Relielt
slam lIRIII:R

Governor Mario Cuomo. not SUNY
Chancellor Clifton Wharton is responsible
for a proposed 5200 tuition hike. according
to the Student Association of the State
University (SASU). ‘

Cuorno‘s 1984-85 executive budget pro-
poses a $200 tuition ltike for SUNY
undergraduate students. all estimate which
would then bring tuition to $l.550 yearly.
Also inclttdcd in the proposed budget is a
$l50 room rent increase. which would raise
the rent to $l.400 a year.

According to SASU President James
Tierney. the person to blame for the propos-
ed tttition increase is Mario Cuomo. not
Chancellor Wharton. However. SASU is an-
noyed at Wharton. said Tierney. because "at
the Bridget meeting Wharton's testimony was
ambiguous. We couldn‘t tell one way or
another wltat he wanted."

Steven Wagner. organizing Director of the
Student Association Action Committee. said
that “It's obvious that Cttomo is responsible
for the tuition increase.“

According to Michael Danahy. SASU
Communications Director. Cuomo is using

.the proposed 5200 tuition increase to meet

underfunding in his budget. “We demanded
that this tuition increase be prevented." he
added. ’

in accordance with this Tierney added that
Cuomo is $22 million short in his funding for

the University. and as a result has proposed a.

budget increase. “There ltas to be strong
pressure from students to put back money in
the budget necessary to stop the tuition ‘in-
crease."' said Tierney.

Tierney urged students to write letters to
their legislators and register to vote. There
will also be a demonstration at ll:l5 Mon-
day. Feb. 27 at the Campus Center Circle to
oppose the ltikc. and Tierney ttrg'cd students
to “Show their stuff."

According to Wagner. it is Wharton's
responsibility to state, clearly. that “tlterc
must ttot be any tuition increase." Since he
did ttot do this. Wagner added. Wharton
“betrayed the policy of the SUNY board of
trustees." ‘ y ,

Due to newspaper accounts linking Whar-
ton to the proposed tttitiou increase. a news
release was issued Wednesday denying the
allegations.

According to a February 2| article iii the
Knickerbocker News. Wharton was said to

have testified last week at a hearing of the
joint Senate asnd Assembly Finance commit-
tees that “SUNY needed the tuition
increase." ‘ .

Wharton denies this cltargc. “Newspaper
accounts that i asked the State legislature to
approve a $200 increase in tuition are totally
incorrect." lte said. "Such a stand is contrary
to the position of the SUNY Board of
Trustees. ottr Presidents arid the Central Ad-
ministration." he added.

The Associated Press also quoted Wharton
asking state legislators to approve the tuition
increase on the grounds that the university

'necded extra money. The Associated Press
later issued a correction. stating that “Whar-
ton’s testimony included no recommendation
for raising tuition at SUNY. only the state-
ntent that money was needed."

SUNY Vice Chancellor Robert Perrin
disagreed with this charge against the
Chancellor. “Wharton made it plain he is not
in favor of a tuition increase." Pcrrin said.
“There has been a great deal of unfair treat-
ment to trim." he added.

Wharton's statement. in accordance with
this view. stressed that he “spoke at length to
the negative aspects of recent tuition in-
creases. particularly the proposal to add $200
to the $300 that was imposed for the current
year." Wharton ended by stating that “We
sincerely hope a tuition increase can be
avoided."

Perrin said that the $22 million needed in
the State budget does “of course have to
come from somewhere." But. he stressed.
"the (SUNY) Board of Trustees is not in
favor ofan increase. and the money will have
to be found elsewhere." he added.

On Wednesday. about 40 SUNY students
protested at SUNY plaza. downtown in
response to the propsed SZOO-a-year tttition
increase. SASU has criticized Wharton for
ttot speaking strongly enough against the tui-
tion increase. and students were picketing as
a result.

Rich Sehaffcr. presidcrtt of Student
Association (SA). said Wharton has been
very w'eak on_ taking a strottg stand on the
proposed tuition ltikc. “He didn't transmit
.lte feeling of the board of trustees when he
testified."‘ said Schaffer. Wharton
"represents his constituents. who are the
students. udntinstration. and especially the
SUNY Board of Trustees. He has not ade-
quately represented them through his stand
onthe'issue." he added. t z

 

 

