 

l
i
.i

  

 

 

 

A» um.

 

    
   

Trudeau resigns

‘ Ottawa, Canada
(AP)Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trttdcatt.
who rode to power 16 years ago on a wave' of"
“Trudeaumania” and dominated Canadian
politics even as his popularity waned, is step»
ping down.

Trudeau. 64. said Wednesday he will resign
as soon as his Liberal Party can choose a new
leader. probably in .ittne. The new party
leader will become prime minister
automatically but will have to call nationwide
elections by next February.

Trudettu’s resignation Itad been expected
for weeks — mostly because his standing in
the polls is so low that political analystst
believe he could not win another election.
Still, the suddcnncss of the announcement
came as a surprise.

Trudeau. a lawyer, essayist and world
traveler. won election to Parliament in 1965.
He became justice minister in 1967. and was
noted for eccentric habits such as wearing

sandals and an Ascot tie into the House of
Commons.

He was picked as Liberal Party leader in
April 1968, taking over as prime minister
from Lester B. Pearson. He immediately call-
ed an election and won on a surge oi
“Trudeaumania” assisted by a charismatic
campaign style — tossing off witty remarks
and kissing dozens of women at each stop.

GDR defectors return

  
  
   
  

Bonn. West Germany
(AP)Tlte niece of East German Premier Willi
Stoph and her family Thursday left the West
German Embassy in Czechoslovakia. where
they had sought permission to emigrate
West. and returned to East Germany, a West
German spokesman said.

“They left sometime this tnorning. I don't
know the exact time." Jttcrgen Sudhofl'.
spokesman for the Bonn government, told‘
The Associated Press.

He refused to give further details. But
government sottrces in Bonn said the West
Germans hope that the group will be allowed
to entigrate to West Germany. as they had re-
quested when they entered the embassy in
Prague last Friday.

The West German government last week
identified tltc family as Mrs. Berg; her hus-
band. Hans-Dieter Berg. 35; their son. lens.
7; daughter. Simone. 3; and Berg's mother.
Olga Berg. No ages were available for the
women.

Stoph is second in the East Germany
leadership after President and Communist‘
Party Chief Ericlt Honecker.

Gemayel meets Assad

Beirut. Lebanon
(AP)Lebanese President Amin Gemaycl rc-
mttined in Damascus Thursday to confer
again with Syrian President aner. Assad. but
Lebanon‘s state radio said the two leaders
already had agreed on a process to cancel the
troop withdrawal pact between Lebanon and
israel.

 

2 “unvaruoem arms I: _FRID_A y, MARCH). rm

 f j ' 

.\ ~
r I

A'ssadf who has supported Druse and‘
Moslem rebels in their ﬁght against Gemayel.
led a red-carpet welcome for the Lebanese
president Wednesday at Damascus airport.-
The men met twice during the afternoon but

-neither side issued a statement on the talks.

which could determine the future of
Lebanon's goverment.

Nationwide
Baseball chief picked

 

 

New York City
(AP)Bttsebtill's lS-month search for a new
commissioner apparently will end Saturday
when Peter B. Ucberroth, head of the Los
Angelcs Olympic Organizing Committee, will
be named to succeed Bowie Kuhn.

According to published reports, later cort-
firmed by two sources close to baseball,
Ucberroth was selected by a search commit-
tee to replace Kuhn. whose 15-year term ex-
pired today.

Another source told The Associated Press
that all 26 club owners have been called
secretly to meet on Saturday in Tampa. Fla.,
at which time the committee. headed by
Milwaukee Brewers owner Bud Selig, will
“name their man.”

The New York Times said owners agreed
last summer to accept the decision of Selig's
committee. so the election of Ucberroth was
viewed as a formality. And. the Philadelphia
Inquirer reported that baseball's Executive
Council approved Ucbcrroth's selection last
Thursday at a secret meeting in New York.

O’Neill looks to future

‘ Boslon, MA
(AP)House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill .lr.
says he intends to seek a final two-year term,
but would consider resigning from Congre.r
early to be ambassador to Ireland or t.
cabinet secretary in a Democratic administra-
tion.

"He's always Itad the dream of someday
ending his career as ambassador to Ireland.
perhaps." O'Neill's press secretary.
Christopher Matthews, said ' Wednesday
night. “The key eierrient is that he intends to
serve one nrorc term.“

Statewide
School prayer halted

Hieksville
(APiThe Hicksvilie sehooi'board voted early
Thursday to throw out the mandatory mo-
ment of silence that has been observed each
morning for 22 years in elementary and
junior high schools here.

The 4-to-3 vote followed a three-hour.
heated debate about prayer lit the schools, at-
tended by over 200 district residents at the
Hicksville High School.

 

 

 

Bus crash injures six

Carle Place
(AP)A school bus overturned Thursday at a

 

 

SUNYA at night as seen through the eye of a camera.

PREVIEW OF EVENTS

 

“.Long Island intersection in an accident that

also involved three cars. and six people were
injured. including four children. police said

Nassau County police spokesman Anthony
Slbigia said the injuries were "moderate"
and “not critich or life threatening."

A witness said the injured were four teett.
age girls. the bus driver and a driver of rt cm

The bus turned over at the intersection of
Glen Cove Road and Westbttry Avenue in
Carle Place. The witness. who was not him.
titted, said the bus came to rest 6 to it feet
from a gas pump. bttt there was no fire.

Court denies dismissal

.Ii/lrtrnr
(AP)Tlte state's highest eottrt. without cum»
ment, has denied a prosecution million to
dismiss Lemuel Smith’s appeal of his ,\.ull
1983 conviction and automatic llL'lllll
sentence l'or the 1981 strangulation Ittttttlet of
state prison guard Donna Payout.

The 42-year-old Amsterdam native was
serving three life terms for other Iltuttlcrs
when Mrs. Payant was killed at Green Ilmen
state prison. The state Court 01' Appcttls is to
hear his appeal. based on the C0ﬂ$llllllitiilitll~
ty of the mandatory death sentence. on April
23.

 

Correction

Due to a typographical error in an article in
Tuesday’s ASP Governor Cttomo's proposed
tuition increase was printed as being $250
when the actual amount is $200.

 

Last year‘s tuition increase was reported as
being $350. that figure should have been
3450.

UP."

 

 

 

Froo Ilstlngs

A Btu Trip to New York City is being
sponsored by Phi Alpha Theta on
Saturday. March 31. Buses will
leave the circle at 7:30 am. and
return 8 p.m. For Information and
reservations call Michael only at
7830408 '

A Public History Lecture featuring
Dr. Louis L. Tucker. the Director of
the Massachusetts Historical
Society. will be held Monday. March
5 at 2 pm. In the CC Assembly Hall.
Clan Council of 1mm" meet Sun-
day, March 4 at 7:30 pm. In the
Fireside Lounge. All sophomores

are welcome to attend.
_._¥

 

w

International Concert '84 will take
place Saturday. March 3 at Page
Hall at 7:30 pm. Tickets are $2.75
and $1.95 with a tax card. Per-
formers from six different nations
will be featured.

The Cine of 1987 will be meeting
on Sunday at 5 pm. outside the Stu-
dent Association Oflice. All
freshmen are Invited to attend. For
more information call Steve Landis
at 457-4722.

NVPIRO'c Annual Spring Con-
ference at SUNVA will be held
March 3 and 4 in the Lecture
Centers. For Information call
NYPIFIG at 457-4823.

I

 

Off'Compus Association will hold a

general Interest meeting on Sun-

ﬂay, March 4 at 4 pm. In the SA of-
ca.

Kappa Week will feature a career
night and various workshops from
March 5 to 11. The events are spon-
sored by the Kappa Ftho Fraternity.
For IniOrmatIon call David at
455-6488.

The Minority Recruitment Task
Force will be holding its that
meeting In PH i29_on Monday,
March 5. at q: .1 .v‘Toplcs to be
discussed log [4 "monies for In-
creasing tho'ritinoil plutollment at
SUNVA. ' "

 

ﬁg,

 

   

An international Tea will be held on
Sunday, March 4 at 3 pm. in 810
248. Alice Lin. director, of the N.Y.
State Management Office of Mental
Retardation will speak on the
changing role of women in China at
work and at home. Admission is
free.

The Women's Varsity Tennis Team
will hold an Interest meeting on
March 7 at 4 p.m. in PE 123. For in-
formation call coach Mari Warner at
457-4532.

"Unlurning Judaism: Clearing up
Misconceptions about Jews and
Jewlahneea." Is the topic of a tee-
ture series held every Tuesday at 4
run. in cc 373. '

A Victory Party celebrating the end
of the Nestle boycott will be held
Saturday March 3 at 8 pm. at the St.
Patrick's Pariah Center, 283 Central
Avenue. Douglas Johnson. National
Cahir oi INFACT will be attendino.
Committee for Olympic
Hopefuls will meet Sunday at 9
pm. In the SA Office. CC 116.
Stories and Films for Dr. Seuss's
80th Birthday will be held at the
Albany Public Library's Children's
Room at 161 Washington Avenue
on Saturday, March 3 at 1 pm.
Telethon 'M Auditions will be held
from Sunday March 4 to Wednes~
day March 8 from 6-9 pm. Sign-UPS
should be made In 00 130. ’

  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

' "fr???"—

 

By Rick Swanson

The vandalism to campus vending
machines this year has risen to unprecedented
heights. according to UAS general manager.
E. Norbert Zahm.

UAS records reveal that over the past four
years vandalism costs have risen by more
than 55.000 and Zahm expects the increase to
continue.

Zahm said that most of the vandalism in-
volves the breakage of display cases and the
theft of the merchandise inside the machines.
Few of the reported breakages involve theft

 

UAS vending machine
Vandalism costs have risen by more Ilran 55. 000.

of money from the coin boxes 'of the
machines, he added.

Most of the acts of violence on the vending
machines are by "comedians looking looking
for free food." observed Zahm.

In the past four years, the cost of repair for
vandalism has climbed steadily. According to
UAS records, the cost was approximately
$9,000; in 1982, it rose to $10,500. and in
1983 to $13,500. Zahm predicted that if the
damage done to vending machines continues
at the present rate. this year the total could
“easily surpass $15,000."

UN speaker optimistic about

Young people must have faith in the future
and disregard the prevalent pessimism of the
world today. proclaimed Assistant Secretary
General to the United Nations. Robert
Muller. in his speech during SUNYA‘s third
annual World Week.

Muller. speaking Tuesday to a crowd of
about 40 in the Campus Center ballroom.
pointed out that while people continue to war
among each other throughout the globe, a
growing understanding of one another has
led people to resolve their conflicts.

The world is made up of “an endless list of
contradictions that sometimes lead to con-
flict." said Muller. However. the 60-year-old
diplomat said he has observed mankind mak-
ing progress toward a better understanding of
fellow man. This understanding is needed.
stressed Muller. to maintain world peace.

He indicated that in the past 30 years.
through social programs of the governments
of the world. people ltave begun to recognize
certain groups' rights that have been denied
in the past. The rights of Blacks. women and
the handicapped in the past have not been
acknowledged. btrt now are beginning to be
instated irtto society. explained Muller.

Mttller indicated that throttgltout the
world. the diversity of religions. races.
languages and wealth creates differences itt
opinions. People grouped into different
categories believe their group is rigltt and the
other groups are wrong. “This historical
separation has gone on too long." dcclared'
Muller, pointing ottt that it mttst inevitably
come to an end.

Warning that we too often take these con»
iiicts for granted. Muller asked all young
people to examine their own ethics and the
ethics of their government. He implored that
we should not do things for the good of
ourselves or our country, but rather for the
good of mankind.

On the nuclear arms race. Muller said that

the 40 year cold war “is not funny’

anymore." He ,said he 'is hopeful that the

"younger presidents of the future‘wlll‘resolve 

the “most dangerous contradiction of all"
between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. In fact.
he said. he expects change in policy to occur
withing the next decade.

According to Muller. we are “over the
hump" of danger of a third world war,
stating that the only possibility of one would
be in the event of an accident.

Muller said that both superpowers "have
gone to extreme measures to eliminate
errors" in their early warning systems.

While addressing the problems in the Mid-
dle East. Muller said he does not think the
conflicts will escalate to a superpower strug-
gle. “l have heard for 30 years that the Mid-
dlc East will lead its to world war." said
Muller. but he said he finds this to be a worn-
out doomsday forecast. He said he is “pretty
sure" there will not be a third world war.

Muller asserted he sees the “talk—shops" of
the United Nations as being the prime tool
for settling disputes between countries with
conﬂicts.

Muller, who has been with the U.N. since
1948. maintained that the role of the U.N. is
“to smooth ottt the contradictions of
everyone." He said he believes 50 percent of
the conflicts of the world are solved by the
U.N. “This is not a good record." admitted
Muller, but he indicated the effort is a good
sign. “You learn that you might not always

succeed." he conceded. “But yott mustv

always try."

Next year will mark the 40th anniversary of
the United Nations. Muller said that instead
of celebrating. the member countries will ex-
amine where they have succeeded and failed
and try to evaluate where improvements tire
needed most.

Besides providing a neutral ground for set-
tling nations’ disputes. the UN has also
become the center of information for
worldwide records. according to Muller.
Here. one can ﬁnd information on anything
from the number of telephones in the world
to the number of birthsiast year. he said.
Since‘the UN was established, it has compiled

“vending machine" vandalism scars ;

Vending machines have become a big‘*

business at SUNYA. This year, I new office
was created to take care of problems dealing

solely with the campus'vending machines. .

The newly appointed Director of Vending
Services. Paul Arnold. now handles all the
machines' business.

According to UAS. they now sell 1.3
million cans of soda a year. all of which are
distributed via vending machines. While
Zahm said he hopes that sales continue at
their steady rate. he predictedno future in-
crease in the number of machines on campus.

Some vending machines require water.
drains. and an area to be situated. according
to Zahm. These requirements. he said. limit
the number of machines placed around the
campus.

Zaltm said that proper ligttting and ac-
cessibility are also factors that must be con-
sidered. With all these limitatiotts. Zahm said
he expects "no expansion of vending
machines in the near future.”

if the UAS servicemen cannot fix a van-
dalized machine, the Canteen Corporation is
called on to repair the damage.

According to Bruce Myers. the Albany
supervisor of the Canteen Corporation,
most of the damaged machines require only
minor repairs. The rcpnirrncrt i'rotn the Can-
tccn Corporation usually repair “broken
handles. smashed display windows, and bent
metal pieces within the machines." Myers ex-
plained.

The broken parts have to be replaced with
new ones, and “it can often take at least a
week to get new parts." Myer asserted.

Zahm said it is very difficult to track down
the vnttdniists. "Unfortunately." said Zahm.
“no one has been caught in the act.“

“We are trying to find a way to slow down
tltc vandalism. but it is very difficult.” snid
Zahm. He said that the hall directors and the
Resident Assistants (RA's) have been asked
to be aware of the acts of violence. bttt have
had no success in catching anyone this year.

Anyone caught vandalizing machines
would be turned over to the Judicial Board.
Zahm asserted. D

world’s future

statistical information valuable to anyone
seeking facts of the world. Muller said.

This indicates a striving by man to unders-
tand his fellow man. according to Muller.
Before, Muller said, we knew little about
people on the other side of the globe. Now,
we are taking an interest in how other people
live. an interest that is. according to Muller.
“the greatest hope of this planet."

Muller said he believes everyone. especially
young people. rnusy not lose hope in the
destiny of mankind. “There is positiVe
energy in optimism." claimed Mttller. "We
can only succeed if we hope we cart succeed,"
he added.

Muller plans to leave the U.N. soon. after
serving for 36 years at numerous posts in-
cluding director of the Executive Office for
the Sec-General and director of the Budget
Division. Cl

— Filck Swanson

      

. ' LOIS MATTABONI UPS
Robert Muller v '

‘ - "There irposilive energy in optimism. “4 “-

 

    

en manure" uvs
Sen. Gary Hart

Victory brings credibility, funds.

Three and bids;
Hart, Mondale
vie for South

 

(AP) Sen. Gary Hart, trying to capitalize
.m his New Hampshire victory. headed
south Thursday seeking delegates as
thlter Mottdttle challenged him to cam-
paign hend-Io-hcttd lit the region where
the next big round of Democratic
prirnttries loom.

littrt “as making a quick tour of
Alabama. Georgia and Florida, three of
the states holding primaries on Super
Tuesday. March 13. and where he ltas
trttilcd the former vice president in local
polls.

Mondale. holding the organizational
edge in the South. campaigned in Dixie a
day ahead of Hart. Struggling to regain
his i‘ront-runner's title. Mondale threw
down a challenge to Hart to battle him for
the region‘s convention delegates.

“I challenge Mr. Hart to bring his cum-
pnign to the whole South." Mondale said
in Atlanta. "I challenge him to compete
with me iterc head-to-head."

On the Republican side. President
Ronald Reagan’s partisans say they are
delighted by Hart's win in New Hamp-
shire because it means Democrats must
continue fighting amongst themselves.

“That'll stir things up." said Reagan.

Reagan-Bush campaign spokesman
Iohn Buckley said, however. he thought
Mondale was still in a strong position.

California Sen. Alan Cranston an-
nounced he was dropping out of the cam-
paign after finishing seventh in the eight-
mnn race. with just 2 percent of the vote.
"I know when to dream and when to
count votes.“ ltc said.

And Sen. Ernest Hollings of South
Carolina abandoned his two-year quest
for the Democratic presidential nomina-
tion Thursday. saying “it's plain that my
candidacy didn't get through to enough
people. Well. nothing happened to the on
the way to the White House," tltc South
Carolina senator said at a news conference
in it Senate committee hearing room pack—
ed with his eampaign supporters.

Hollings was lite second Democratic
contender to pull out of the race. "It was
one of the best educations I've ever had."
he added.

l-‘ormer Florida Governor Retthin
Askew bowed ottt of the race Thursday,
saying. “This is the last day. the last stop
and the last mile of this campaign.“
Askew htld come irt eighth in the New
Hampshire Primary.

Other candidates looked' to the next
rotmd.

Oitio Sen. John Glenn returned to
Washington to regroup after itis third-
place finish in New Hampshire and planti-
ed a southern campaign swing too. in-
cluding stops in Montgomery and
Auburn. Alabama.

The Rev. Jesse Jackson also looked
south, campaigning in Mississippi and
calling his fourth-place finish in New
Hampshire a victory of sorts-In Hai-
tiesburg. ire called his showing“‘a=hi h

 

mcmoment inyAmerican and biackhlstory."
to»

 

 

 

 

 

