Fr...

rear

. in»...

_,..__, _..l'<

.3
L
3..
l2:
‘ r

 

v“ "bar-WM an..." ..

’ Mm
,mwAeu-” <_ V... .M v .

 

.m

7...- .. ._. _....e -_.._‘__U_./.—«-,« ’--.,...—_,-..‘_A. ‘ r

4 unmiswoam mass m Eli/0.4 y. JANUARYZZ I984

Precldent’s Task Force recommends a-‘bus fee

By Jerry Camplone '

assocm re News Emma

After several months ofdelibera-
tions. the President's Task Force on
University Bus Alternatives" has
presented SUNYA President Vin-
cent O'Leary with its final'report.
The Iii-page report.’presented by
Chairman Shelton Bank December
14. dealt primarily with three possi-
ble solutions to the bus problem:
reductions in service, reallocation
of resources across the University.
and user fees.

The report also included studies
of. the bus service at SUNY-
Binghamton and a minority report
prepared by Student Association
(SA) President Rich Schaffer and
Off-Campus Coordinator Suzy
Auletta. The minority statement
outlined what Schaffer and Auletta
termed “‘problem' sections" within
the task force report.

in preparing its recommenda-
tions. the Task Force collected and
reviewed a considerable amount of
material including descriptions of
other university bus systems. the
l983-84 Bus Service Budget and
background information on the
University's budget. A study by
MBA student consultants on the
costs and revenue potential of the
University Bus Service was also
reviewed.

According to the report. the Task
Force organized the basic purposes
and needs for the bus service into
two related categories. respon-
sibilities and objectives. These were
placed under the heading of
“Goals.” The goals, as stated. were
to “provide or otherwise facilitate
reasonable access by students and
other members of the university
community to the programs and
services of the University."

The responsibilities included link-
ing the uptown and Draper cam-
puses for administrative and
academic purposes and transpor-
ting Alumni.Quad residents bet-
ween the two campuses. The objec-
tives of the service included
transportation along the current
Wellington route to provide
transportation to the hotel (to
which students are referred by the
University) as well as providing a
link to the downtown area for
students who live. work. or

ROBERT LUCKE‘I UPS
Shelton Bank

socialize in the downtown area.
Transportation to off-campus
housing is not considered a respon-
sibility of the bus service. nor is the
use of the bus service for access to
extracurricular activities. Tltcse are
considered objectives. to which
Rich Schaffcr objected in the
minority report. According to the
minority report. the University.
because of its inability to provide

" on~campus housing for all of its

students. should be obligated to
provide a means of transportation
for its students. -

The Task Force report also points
out that on April I. I984. the bus
service is scheduled to lose 3 FTE
driver positions and one .Fl'E
mechanic. in conjunction with “the
campus-wide loss of positions
through the State budget process."
which leads to the question of "how
to close this prospective gap bet-
ween service levels and available
resources."

The option to reduce service was

not looked upon too highly by thc‘

Task Force. According to the
report, "there was little desirc on
the part of the Task Force to see
this service reduced in any signifi-
cant way." They did say. however.
that the Task Force unanimously
desired to see reconfiguartion in the
service to. among other reasons.'in-
crease efficiency.

The institution of sorrtc sort of
fee as a means for making up the
gap in the resources was what the
Task Force did finally recommend.
The report stated that a rttajority of
the Task Force rccommcrtded a user
fee, ltowcvcr this did raise some
concerns. The first concern was that
assessory charges to specified user
or specified runs may be too
cumbersome or costly. There was
also a fear that a direct user fee
wouldn‘t be covered by TAP or
other financial aid.

The alternative. a broad-based
fee. was also considered since it
would require a lower charge per
student and students rcccivcing
financial aid could cover the cltargc
with their financial aid awards.

The Task Force decided that the
option of rcsorrrce reallocation

across the campus “is not a viable
option for meeting the budgetary
needs of the bus service.” Schaffer.
however. feels strongly opposed to
this. “I claim the University has the
money." he said. According to
Schaffer. the proposed fee would
generate 884.000. “We only need
842.000 to compensate for the three
drivers." he said. adding that
542.000 of the $77 million (the
University budget) is a very small
number

in their minority report Schaffer
and Atrletta objected to both the
user and broad based fees. Accor~
ding to their report. the user fee
“creates more problems than it’s
worth with the administrative
niglttmarcs created by its impos-
tion." They also stated that the
broad-based fee is unfair in that it
paralizes the student who doesn't
use the bus service at all.

As another argument against the
fee. Schaffcr and Aul’etta claimed
that ptrtting this fee in place would
“be the same as requesting an in-
crease in ttrition." since tuition is a
broad-based fee. mrrch like the pro-
posed bus fee.

when asked why he included the
minority report with the final Task
Force report, Schaffcr said that he
felt he had to present the minority
view. “i felt we should state our ob-
jections to the report." he said.

Schaffer also said that there was
little objection to the inclusion of
the minority report in the ﬁnal
packet. Srrng Bok Kim. chairman of
the History Department and a Task

Force member. said that he “felt it

(the minority report) should go with
the majority report." He also
claintcd that he had no quarrels
with the final report.

According to O‘Leary. the Task
Force report will be submitted ioa
budget panel. which will review in
findings “with respect to reallocrrc
tion." The budgctry panel. which
will be comprised of students. um
and faculty. will be announced
shortly. he said.

Kim. who is also chairman ol‘thc
Resource Advisory Committee. said
that the RAC will automatically be
incorporated into the budget panel
and the panel will be filled out will;
the addition of other Incltthcrs as

" chosen by O'Leary.

O'Leary said that he probably
wouldn‘t get any results from the
panel until sometime in March, He
will then make a decision. [\t‘cot.
ding to Scltafl‘cr. tr decision is c\-
pcctcd somctimc aroutrd April I.

Schafl‘cr. Kim. and Iirrnk all c\-
pressed surprise at how \thl the
Task Force operated. "At that
thought the Task Force might not
be able to come up with rccrrrrrrrrcrr-
dations." said Kim. l-loucrcr. hr
added. what ltc found was “good
intellectual discussions” lllltl lltitl
everything “worked out nicely.“
Bank said that he was “impressed
with how often attd substantial llit'
degree of agreement Wits on dif.
ficult questions." This. he said.
“lent an autltcnticity to the pro»
ccedings."

Schaffcr said he enjoyed serving
and found it “enlightening. \Ct‘lttg
how people reacted to our issue."
He also found it surprising to see
“how little the faculty was ll\\‘i|lL‘tll
the bus service" and what it did.

Schaffcr said he huncs ltt pur-
suadc the bttdget panel to decide in
favor of reallocation rather than :r
fee. “This is not a dead iwtc for
me." he said.

 

By Ian Clements

. STAFF WRITER

Governor Mario Cuomo says he wants a statewide 21-year
old drinking age but he‘s encountering strong opposition
from the state‘s legislative leaders. Cuomo urged the change
from 19 to 2| during his State of the State Address delivered
earlier this month. ‘

Cuomo's proposed budget has also easued some con-
troversy in the legislature. The budget includes a tuition in-
crease of $200 and a dormitory fee increase of 5150.

According to Richard Langdon. press secretary for
Assembly Speaker Staner Fink. the Speaker is “personally
opposed“ to a 2l-year old drinking age. Langdon said that
Fink supports his opposition to the bill by citing a
hypothetical case in which a soldier who had'just returned
from Lebanon would not be served an alcoholic drink at his
own wedding reception. “He‘s (Fink) troubled by it." ex-
plained Langdon.

State Senate Majority Leader Warren Anderson’s special
assistant. Dick Mathieu. said that Anderson is not in favor of
the new drinking age at the present time. The Majority
Leader. Mathieu said, is ctrrrcntly taking a “hard look at the
matter." Anderson will base his ﬁnal decision on the results
of sttrdics concernittg the current 19-year old drittking age.
Matlticu added.

Student Association Vice President Jeff Schneider explain-
cd that many state legislators feel they are being “rushed” on
the issue. Tltcy want “4 or 5 years" to study the results of the
l9~ycar old drinking age. he said.

“If the students don't get active there will be a 21-year old
drinking age and Albatty will be a dry campus by
December." warned Jim Tierney. president of the Student
Association of the State University (SASU). SASU. which is
working against the bill. will have a difficult time fighting it.
Tierney predicted. According to Tierney. there will be a
decrease in voting the party line this year. because I984 is a
Presidential election year. “it’s not a Dcntocratic or
Republican bill. We‘ll have to lobby every single person iIt
the Legislature." he explained. ,

Ticrncy said that Cuomo is a tough opporicnt for SASU to
face. "He cart use pure political muscle. he has quite a lot of

g FRIDA m'ANuaay‘ez' 198! 1:1 ALBANY‘srUncly/rpk‘ass '5

Cuomo advocates-"drinking ago of 21

NY SENATE
Senate majority leader Warren Anderson
Ctr/'I'cltll. v upprlwx raising lire drinking age.
power. I don’t know what he has up his sleeve." added
Ticrncy. Tierney maintained that despite what he considers
formidable opposition. SASU "is ptrtting up a good fight"
through letters and the press.
Schnicdcr echoed Tierncy's warning that Albany would be
a dry campus if the drinking age is raised to 21. Another let-
13>

N YPIRG opposes sports lottery plan

 

 

 

AS

' "1.11.1. '_-‘;,‘;’,,.__ 
Cuomo seeks $200

tuition. $150 dorm
hikes for 1984-85

srmnr rum. Jim

Br;

0030mm r cm
i nab-l u- use. or...

 

mr mm. n.

Schaffer: Voter drive gets top priority

I‘trrrmrrrr rr lm \IIII t\ltt~\trt m \lu rrmi rr rltrt\t Mr ml Illtt\t .rrrrrxr l‘Alurum'qultrn

Friday

January'21. 1984
\ l

IllllNl

um, Dun- am. My. smrm

 

N'l‘lillli."l‘
MEET NG
Wednesday, Feb. 1

7:30 pm LC 6
Graphic arts~

Business
Production
"PRACTICAL

EXPERIENCE

Aspects

WHERE
t't‘ MA'I"I‘Elt."’J

Sports
News

 

 

By Jane Anderson
EDITORIAL .‘ISSISTIINI' ‘

The New York Public interest
Research Group (NYPlRG) is op-
posing Governor Mario Cuomo’s
plan for a sports lottery. and has
suggested that tax reforms should
be implemented instead as the main
means to proctrrc funds for educa-
tion in New York State. Several of
Cuomo’s other proposals for
primary and secondary schools
ltavc also come trndcr attack from
cdtrcation groups.

NYPlRG opposes the sports lot-
tcry proposal because it represents
“a hidden tax on moderate attd
low-income people." said Frank
Domurad. spokesperson for
NYPlRG. According to Domurad.
the lottery would receive most of its
support from the lower income
groups. and this is unfair to them.
“it (the lottery) is not proper fun-
ding for education." he emphasiz—

ed.

NYPlRG has prepared a report
containing 18 tax reform proposals,
which. if implemented, would
generatc $2.2 billion for education
in New York. according to
Domurad. “it involves requiring

thc high income groups to pay their
fair sltare of taxes." he explained.
and it would eliminate some cor-
porate tax loopholes.

The New York State School
Board Association has taken no
stand on the sports lottery pro-
posal. btrt maintains that “the
money mtrst be earmarked for
public education," said Jim Vetro.
interim Executive Director of the
Association.

Cuomo proposed earlier this
month that the spcndirtg gap bet-
ween school districts could bc nar-
rowed by reducing ftrnding to
property-wealthy districts. The Na-
tional Education Association of
New York (NEANY) opposes this
plan. said Linda Roscnblatt.
spokesperson for tltc group.
NEANY has not«takcn a formal
position on the proposed sports lot-
tery. but tltcy “don‘t like tying the
two (education and the lottery)
together.“ explained Roscnblatt.

Roscnblatt noted that similar
plans have been proposed in the
past. The governor's proposal is
"an old approach to art old pro-
blem that is not workable." shc
contended. “The only way to level

 

5
ﬁrst %Wc

 

out (funding) is to level up.“
Roscnblatt added. More money
should be allocated for the
property-poor school districts.
without reducing funding for the
wealthier districts, she trotcd.
“Every year the governor proposes
this." maintained Roscnblatt. "it‘s
a foolish way to do it. and political-
ly it's not workable." shc asserted.

Rosenblati explained that the
legislators would not he ablc to pass
the “level down" proposal because
of the opposition they would ctr-
countcr from the property-wealthy
districts. "All of the education
communities artd all of the
legislators are against this." par-
ticularly those whose districts
would lose funding due to the pro-
posal. said Roscnblatt.

NYPlRG supports equalization
among school districts. said
Domurad. “if some of (our) tax
reform proposals were implemented
we could do tnorc leveling up titan
leveling down." ltc added. The state
should supply 50 percent of the
funds for school districts across
New York. contended Vetro. “We
would oppose a rcdrrction in state
aid frortr arty district." he noted.

NEANY recommends cutting
state aid to private schools. rather
titan increasing it as the gOvcrnor
has proposed. said Roscnblatt. This
redttction in aid would inclttdc
grants and tuition assistance for
private schools. she added. Utiliz-
ing public tttoney for private
schools. is “potentially damaging
public education." according to
NEANY. especially since “New
York already provides more public
money for private schools than all
4‘) other states combined."

Roscnblatt said that NEANY had
hoped for "a lot ttrorc money to be
put into education in general. The
(budget) increase was a bit smaller
than last year's."

NEANY is a trnion made up of
30.000 classroom teachers. corn-
murrity college faculty. and educa-
tional support personnel. said
Roscnblatt. l'l

 

Tultlon hlke proposed

<Front Page

more increases and thought that students had a deal with the
governor after last year's hikes. "It's not that bad a budget
overall but compared to other state agencies. SUNY is get-
ting the shaft.” he said.

With the newest budget requests for the State University
there would be a 47 percent increase in costs over the past
two years according to SASU President Jim Tierney. “At l0
percent inflation this makes this increase ridiculous." he
said.

Because the dorms were all built at once. according to
Tierney. the cost of paying off the construction bonds is
high. “The costs for dorm self-sufficiency .will produce ar-
tificially inflated dorm rent costs for SUNYA." he said.
While TAP would increase. the budget projects a decline
irt public and private school undergraduates who now share
the award. The 292.3” undergraduates receiving awards last
year will decrease to 283.997. according to budget projec-
tions. .

Tierney ltas stated that this increase in TAP and other pro
jections will assume continued equal access to SUNY. WllllL
families with incomes less than $4.000 will receive full
awards. Tierney questions whctltcr the poor and lower
middle-class students will be adequately provided for by
TAP.

As stated iii the text of tire budget. r'ccottttttcttdatiotts for
the cost increases “are necessary to sustain basic academic
programs and campus operations and to maintain SUNY
programs at tltcir current level including inflationary costs."
Pctcr Fynclt. Deputy Director of the Budget and
spokesman for the governor. stated that costs have gortc up.

 

“The governor recognizes that while the taxpayers have a
rcsponsibility - the students do also." be said.

The budget would add 500 jobs to the SUNY systycm.
However. all but 127 are appropriated to the university
teaching hospitals.

Also. Cuomo has failed to restore 82l jobs lost to the
system from early retirements last year. This and the demand
by tile Division of Budget for 279 additional jobs he cut by
April 1 has already caused sotnc legislative controversy.

“iiut the main thing we (SASU) are going after." said
Tierney. “is the ttrition increase."

When elected. Governor Cuomo requested a tuition for-
mula for SUNY that would raise tuition $250 per year. said
Ticrncy. "And even though he received much critictsm for it
and was thought to have abandoned the idea. this year’s in-
crease looks like a sign that he is still following the plan." he
said.

Student leaders in SA and SASU are working jointly on
lobbying efforts to inform and rally student opposition to the
proposed increases. SUNYA students. nceording to Schaffcr.
will be lobbying the legislature Tuesday. January 31. Thurs-
day. February 7 and Monday. February I}. A strident strike
day. February 27. is scheduled for SUNYA students. ttccor- >
ding to Schaffcr.

SASU has given each campus of tire SUNY system a
designated day to travel to Albany to lobby at the Legislative
Office Building (LOB). Tltcrc will also be a mass SU NY lob-
by day March 20th just before the btrdgct goes to the floor of
the legislature. Tltc public comment period. when anyone
cart offer their opinion to tltc legislators. cnds Fcbruary l6.
After this date the budget will go to the different committees.

About the third week in March the budget will go to a final
vote and has to be approved by April l.

With this year being an election year when all 2i] senators
and assemblymen'are up for rc-clection this budget may ex-
perience more criticism, especially with the Republican con-
stituencies of both ltouscs calling for tax cuts.

In the Assembly. where the governor's party dominates.
Republican Minority Leader Clarence Rapplcyca has ex-
pressed opposition to budget plans regarding SUNY tuition.
“it is generally acknowledged that the state is in better condi-
tion (financially) this year than last," said Gary Paslow.
spokesman for Representative Rapplcyea's office. “Mr.
Rapplcyca is very opposed to the governor‘s plans to raise
tuition." ire said. Paslow added that it is unnecessary
because of the supply funds irt the budget.

Dtrring last year's budget session Assembly Republicans
added an amcndntcnt in opposition to the tuition increases -
it was defeated. "An amendment against the increase this
year will probably be placed again." said Paslow.

“Anytime you increase cost it has it potential of
diminislting access." corrrrttcntcd SUNYA Vice President of
University Affairs Lewis Welclt. when asked what he foresaw
as the result of a tuition increase.

\Vclch cs no question that tlterc is a possibility to reach
the sclf-sulltcicnt operation of the dormitory units. bttt add-
ed, "We might accept the notion of self-sufficiency but we'
rnrrst not price the dorm costs higher than the private
sector." El

 

 

 

 

