 

 

 

r
g
i,

l
l
l
t
5

 

 

 

r
t

 or“

o—cswmwww mac...» W...

B Caryn Mlske
VIII/"I" ll'RI I'L'R
Someone might ottee have gone arottnd the

world in 80 days. but when SUNYA I-Zrtglish
country or across the sea she takes titne to
really enjoy lterself. ' F 
English grammar classes;

Rotundo‘s real love is her

Architecture class. This class e\ttlnittcs how
botlt literature and architecture reflect the
is uniquely suited to tltis type of scholarship:
her life has beett filled with travelling as well

Professor Barbara Rotundo travels across tlte
Although she teaches two
Profile
American Literature and ‘ -
period of which the; are a product. .»\nd she
as photographing attd res 'arching architec-

4 ALBANY STUDENT mess [fit/DA {APRIL-6. 1954,

Literature and travel keep Rotunda on the run

ttrre and tombstones.

Rotundo said her background in literature
and history enables her to get tnore out of ar-
:ltileeturc thatt many people. Site added that
she researches the areas she visits before
touching tltcre. .

"liy researching the places I ll'tt\c| to I get
to enjoy the trip for twice as Iottg. first while
I‘m reading about the places attd then while
I'm actually ﬁshing the place I read about,"
Rolando explained. When she travels.
Rottrndo said. she keeps her ' ' ‘ull
possibilities and \isits erery muscutn.
whether big or small.

Her main interest is in |9th century ar-
eltitcelttre. especially iii the New lingland
area. She said lter interest deselopcd wlten

 

I
7
,.

 

 

L‘ISA SIMMONS UPS

 

“By researching the
places I travel to]
get to enjoy the trip
for twice as long. ”

—Barlmra Rotrrm/o

 

 

she was writing her dissertation on Attnie
Fields. the wife of .larnes T. Fields of Tichner
attd Fields publishing. "At tltis time
publishing was a personal busine. . IA
publisher knew all of his clients. Tlti tn tdc
information is wltat permitted Annie Fields
to write biographical sketches of malty
fatnotts writers of the day." site said.

Anecdotes like this ltelped Rotundo's in-
terest in the New lingland area grow. Site has
also that ' a great deal of photographic work
in this area and throughout the codirtry. I-‘or
e ample. she has photographed the cltttrch itt
lirunswick which is said to have inspired Har-
riet lleecher Stowe to write her famous novel
Uncle Tom '.\' Ctr/tilt.

She has also photographed Mark Twain's
house irt Hartford and the house in Han-
nibal. Missouri. where his fictitious cltaractcr
Totn Sawyer. supposedly lived. “I evett ltavc
tt picture of the drain pipe Tom Sawyer sup-
posedly slid dowtr to get away from tlte hottse
at night." said Rolando.

()ne of Iter favorite trips was an ar-
cheologicttl dig that she wertt on in the
Southwest. Here she photographed the
pueblo l).|l.l.a\\r'cttee lived in at Taos, New
Mcsico.

lrr August 197‘). Rottrrtdo atrd her father.
who loves to travel as much as site titres,
boarded the Delta Queen. the only original
paddle wheel boat whiclt still takes night
passengers to Missouri by the' Mississippi
riser. Rotundo recalled. "We were lucky
enough to get an extra bonus- President
('at'ter and his family decided to come on the
trip. too!"

The ship turned into a floating White
llotrse with the secret service and entourage
aboard. The coast guard circled the boat con-
tinuottsly. “liowever, President Carter par-
ticipated in the ship's activities just as if Ire
were an ordinary passenger, although he did
take over the pilot house as his office," said
Rolttndo.

Rotttndo later took another trip down the
Mis issippi on the Delta Queen to get a taste
of what the ride was like under ordinary cir-

 

 

 

cumslanccs.

Rotundo has travelled to every state in the
U.S., except two. She has also been in
Greece, Scotland, Ireland. Wales and
Finland.

She visited Oulu. Finland on June 21st. the
longest day of the year. “Since we “etc as
close to the Arctic Circle it never got dark
We saw sunrise and sunset at the saute little:
The colors were magnificent." she said.

Her interest in tombstones began in Iota)
when she visited the cemetery where Annie
Fields is buried. “The records ill the centcrco
were superb. [I arottsed my curiosin to rind
out more."

Rotundo said she is interested in
gravestone symbolism. Site esarnines the
various designs and researches ltow and \\h\
it fits into the Iitnc period attd religious truth
of the person. She looks for patterns which
have been continued and variations trtt these
patterns, such as .styli/cd tlcsiglts.

Rotundo said site ptintarily looks tot I‘llh
century l1 'adstones. “At this time new non
profit cemeteries were coming into c\istence.
instead of churches .running them. 1 tion
went irtto lands'aping these new cemeteries
and people had access to nature. t-'tetrtu.u|I\
public parks evolved from this idea." sllc c\~
plained.

lier travels have also taken her to l'l\|\
Presley's grave uttd to tttore tltatr halt the
graves of the U.S. Presidents. iltclttdittg
James Monroe. In London. sltc saw tltc
graves of George liliot. Florence Nightingale
and Karl Marx. “Marx still gets red roses on
his grave to this day." said Rotundo.

Rorundo's di ertation Iras been published.
and she ' presently editing the journals ot
Annie Fields for the Massachusetts Historical
Society.

Rotttndo has taugltt at SUNYA since tool.
and before that she taugltt at Union College.
She received her BA frotn Mount llolyokc.
her masters from Cornell and her Ph.d. front
Syracuse. Rotundo has three children. When
asked about her other interests. she replied.
"Ofcourse, my grandchildren."

 

 

 

"9| 'Iﬁl
CANDIDATES DEBATE
Sundazulgrll 8, at 8pm

pting Call-In Questions.

Broadcast Live Beginning

9| m Will be acce

. Find Out For Yourself Where They Stand On Issues
Concerning You, Before Voting on the 9lhand 10th '.

Also, Keep tuned to 91FM On Tuesday Evening For
Full Election Night Coverage, Featuring
WCDB’s Exclusive S-A- Elections Exit Poll Results!

r ‘ Only On Your Alternative  

Proudly Presents the Student Association

 

Presidential and Vice-Presidential

 

 

SA, FUNDED

 

  

Newly available

By Bette Dzamba
stz-rrt II'RII‘Izll

The history of movements which are shap-
ing ottr future and present life is the sub‘
ject of two of the Univeristy Library's special
collections. which have recently been made
available. '

The papers of the National Women's Party
and those of former-professor Eugene
Rabinowitch are available to those who are
interested in pritnary source information on
the women's movement or the movement of
scientists toward a concern for the impact of
technology on human affairs.

According to Alice Titus, an intern in
Public History. who. is currently describing
atrd indexing the Rabinowitch collection, the
collection was donated to the Univcrisity in
I981 by Rabinowitch’s son Victor. a former
director of thc Center for the Study of
Seiettce and Society who is now with the Na-
tional Aeadetny of Sciences’.

Titus said that the collection includes
manuscripts. files, correspondence. and
records related to the Center. for the Study
of Science and Society. the Concerned Scien-
tists Movement, The Bulletin of Atotnie
Scientists, and the Pugwash movement.
"Some of Rabinowitch’s correspondents in-
clude former Vice-president Hubert Hutu-
phrey. philosopher-activist Bertrand Russel,
Senator Frank Church. and physicist Edward
Teller." said Titus.

According to Dr. Maria L. Zych. associate
librarian and women's studies bibliographcr,
the National Women’s Party collection con-
sists of I79 reels of microfilm. the equivalent
of 350,000 pages. “It's a tremendous amount
of material." commented Zych. Zych
justified the University‘s cxpendidture of
$5.000 by noting that it is the only collection
in New York State.

“I checked to see if information was
availuvble nearby before I requested that the
Univcristy purchase it," said Zych.

Titus noted that the Rabinowitch collec-
tion is one of three parts. The other two parts
are at the University of Chicago and the
University of Illinois where Rabinowitch
spent some time during his career.

The largest part of the Rabvinowitch col-
lection consists of files from the Center for
the Study of Science and Society, said Titus.
The interdisciplinary center was founded in
I968 by Rabinowitch and Chemistry Pro-
fessor Eugene McLaren and Atmospheric
Science Professor Emeritus. Vincent
Sehacl‘cr. It was designed to provided .a
forum for discussions of the relationships
between science, teeltnology. the humanities.
and public policy. added Titus.

 

’ m Luau-Pu -

 

   

papers detail women’s history

 

 

Associate Librarian and Women's Studies Bibliogr

The papers "are a tt’illlt‘.\'.\' of ltt't'lltlt‘l/t t'urrlttljv

Titus noted that SUNYA was part of a
very important movement of the time."()ver
forty such centers were developed at schools
nationwide including Harvard and MIT."
she added. ‘

According to Titus. another significant
part of the collection deals with the Concern—
ed Scictttists Movement, which Rabinowitch
helped to found in I945. The founders were
scientists who were horrified by the way that
technology was being used. he added. and
had written to the Secretary of War to warn
hint against using the atomic bomb until it
had been further cvaluated."They warned
that it would lead to an arms race." said
Titus.

The aim of the movement was to educate
the public through the use of media. Titus ex-
plained this led to radio broadcasts. a movie,
and the Bulletin for Atomic Scientists. which
Rabinowitch edited. Titus noted that before
the movement. presidents had no scientific
advisors on their stalls.

. According to Titus another portion of the
papers deals with the Pugwash Movement. a
series of conferences which began in I957.

 

FRIDA‘YAPRIL 6, I984 It ALBANY STUDENTPRESS 

“N repher‘tttlraria Zych

ltislm_ .
“The first was held in Pugwttsh. Nova
Scotia. The most recent was held last
December in Geneva." said Titus.Tlte con-
ferenccs were initiated by the Einstein—Russell
Manifesto which called forlcommunication
among scientists. The first conference includ-
ed scientists from the U.S..U.S.S.R..Eastettt
Block eotrntries. ttnd the People‘s Republic
of China.“This was remarkable dttring the
Cold War period." commented Titus.
Zych. who spoke about the National
Women's Party papers Monday in the
library. explained that "the collection is
divided ittto eight sections." According to
Zych the largest segment is 'alled cor—
respondence, which includes letters to party
I'aders, U S. Presidents and other govern-
tncnt off ials.tas well as manuscripts and
biographical sketches. She added that the
other seven sections include tnitttrtcs. legal
papers. financial information, printed
material. photographs. records of the World
Women's party. and art addendum compris-
ed ot' material whielt becatnc available after
the rest of tire collection was filmed.
According to Zych. the material provides

 

 

  

 

BOB LUCKEV UPS

 

pritnary sources of information which is im-
portant for graduate work. The papers "are
a witness of twentieth century history.“ said
Zych.

The material about the Party is expected to
be used by students in the Sociology and
History departments as well as the Women’s
Studies dcparttrrettt. commented Zych.

According to Titus. Rabinowitch was one
of the co-t'oundcrs of the, University's former
Center for the Study of Science and Society
and was a professor of chemistry and biology
at SUNYA from I968 until his retirement in
l972. He was a eo-foundcr of the Bulletin of
the Atomic Scientist, and he was associated
with the Manhattan Project from I942 to
I945. she added. He was also one of the
founders of the Concerned Scientists Move-
ment and helped to initiate the Pugwash con-
ferenees. Rabinowitch has written several
books including The Ala/Hie Age and The
Dawn ofu New Age. which deals with world
affairs. as well ‘ ' I’ho/osy/tlhesis, which is
cortsidercd to be his most important scientific
writing. according to Titus.

Rabinowitch died May l5. I973. L]

   

Hart’s daughter has harsh words for father’s rivals

 

-By Rick Swanson
.‘r'I.-lll' "ll/III}?

Democratic presidential can-
didate Gary Hart considers educa-
tion “Tltc tntttrbcr one dotncstic
concern" facing the nation, accor-
ding to his daughter Andrea. who
has campaigned in the Albany’arca
ereently.

In a phone interview last Friday,
Ms. Hart said her father is the only

Students. .she said, should be aware
of the act that her father introduced
the Arnerieatt Defense Education
Act irt I982. and was one of the
rtraitt proponents in the Senate of
the Nation l’ell Grant program.

“If this Administration thinks
education is cxpcnstve, wait until it
finds out how much igttoranee
costs." said Ms.liart.

Site also asserted that her father

“Walter Mondale has recently been
turning the race into a negative
campaign. ”

—A mlrea Hart

 

‘andidate who offers plans to
restructure and rcenforcc the ailing
educational system. She said her
father would ensure that college
students receive guaranteed loans
and he would provide incentives in
elementary schools to expand
studies itt mathematics, science.
foreign languages and computers.

Ms. Hart, 1‘). was a freshman at
the Univeristy of Maryland. but
took a leave of absence from school
to campaign for lter father.

has been a leader in the Senate on
enforcing pay equality for women
and the minorities. He is the main
Democratic sponsor of the
Economic Equity Act, which would
elitniniatc sex discrimination in in-
surance, pensions attd tax laws. site
said. '

Jesse Jackson recently proposed
that the next Democratic nominee
se 'et a woman as a running mate in
the position of Vice President.
When asked if her father would

 

choose a female running mate. llat't
replied “Dad has been thinking
about it, bttt lte doesn‘t want just a
token woman.“ Her father. she
said. was considering choosing Pat
Schroeder. a Democratic Con-
gresswoman from Colorado, llart‘s
home state. as his running mate. “I
don't know if the people would like
another person trotn Colorado as
Vice President. though,“ she add-
ed.

When asked to comment on the
recently televised debate in New
York between her father. former
Vice President Walter Mondale,
anti the Rev. Jesse Jackson. Hart
responded. "I think Dad did quite
well."

I-lart said she was disappointed
that the debate was marred with
petty argttcntcnts between her
father and Mondale. She said she
was “sorry to see them fight like
that."

“Walter Mondale has recently
been turning the race into a negative
:ampaign," said Ms. Hart. She
pointed out that while her father
was trying to promote party unity
against Ronald Reagan Mondale
has been waging a personal war,
pitting himself against Hart.

Answering charges that her
father appears aloof and uncom-
passionute. Ms. Hart clatnined that

her father does not like to appeal as
much to peoplcs' emotions as he
does to their intellect.

She said that her father hopes to
win popularity with his “New
ideas" ctrtttp" as opposed tt‘
Mondalc‘s strategy of appearing as
a down-to-earth candidate who
“feels” for the people.

E

 

“Dad takes llrc debates very
seriously," said Hurt. She pointed
out that the stern expression her
father maintains in public is
because ihe does not want to
overlook any point and does not

 

 

458-7400
L .

LARGEST MOST COMPLETE HEALTH CLUB
IN THE EAST

an, 0"“SuPEcﬁ 

NAUTILUS. mural. I gixvuvrc wetaurs
OVER 92,000 so it or more qyenaouu tNBTRUCTION’
l A COMPLETE SPORTS FACILITY
UNDER ON OF
I SAME OWNERSHIP I
l r emf-rum TENNIB coum
a TRACK

E CYCLES I 8
N AENOBICB I SWIMMING POOL I WHIRLPOOL
I BUFENVISED NURSERY I DANCE BTUDIO I DEBT I BAN

19 HOLE INDOOR MINIATURE
GOLF Coll"!
SPECIAL STUDENT RATED
I-MON‘I‘II l-MONTII S‘MONTII
OR I YEAR MEMBERSHIPS

want to play rtp ctnotional
responses for the press.

After campaigning for her fatltcr
llttt'l said she plans to continue her
college education, possibly at
(leorgctown University. If her
father wins. ttrrd becomes president,
she said site will not use his presith
to get into the college of her choice.
“I want to be selected like everyone
else is, by qualifications."

She is currently planning to ara-
or in physical anthropology and
she said “I don't think I’ll go into
anything political in the future, but
we'll see." [3

,. B

ERO

I RACKETDALL COURTS
I OVMNABTICS
UPI-TANNING BOOTHB

 

 

use All»? am If
no. LO'I: vonvtlto.

wee.

 

 

 

