I, _
i
i

dean‘s"...

may...

  
  

By Ian Clements», '
STAFFWMTER‘

Student Association's lobbying efforts
against the tuition and room rent fee in-
creases proposed in Governor Mario
Cudmo‘s l984-85 budget were discussed dur-
ing_chnesday’s Central Council meeting. A
"fight the hike" rally will be held February
27,‘at the' State Capitol, according to the

chairof council's, Student Action Commit— V

tee. Steve Gawley.

In other business. 'SA ’President Rich
Schaffer said that‘he and vice-president for
Student Affairs, Frank Poguc,”wcre trying to
‘ push the development of the alcohol policy
so that it could be implemented by March l.

According to Schaffer, the current alcohol
policy has‘been causing “confusion on the
quads." Many students don't know whether
they need permits to serve alcohol at on-
campus parties, he said. Also few students
know how to obtain such permits. claimed
Schaffer.

Gawley announced tltat the reinstatement
of the 27l jobs which will be cut from the
SUNY system on March 31 was another goal

, of SA's lobbying actions. He seemed confi-

dent that SA would get its way. "i think we
can get a zero (budget) increase and those 27l
positions back." he asserted.

Both Gawley and Schaffer were pleased
with the views of certain state legislators.
Schaffer commended the chairs of the State
Senate and the Assembly Higher Education
Committees. Kenneth Lavalle of Long island
and Mark Allan Siegel of Manhattan. respec-
tively, for opposing Cuomo on the fee issue.
“They're both for no tuition and dorm in-
creases, and want more money for SUNY,"
he said.

According to Schaffer, another state
legislator, Ed Sullivan of Manhattan said.
“Cuomo has left a sour taste in my mouth."

Legislators disappointed
Gawley claimed that many legislators were
disappointed'that the SUNY positions were

A ‘ G‘ALBA‘NY STUDENT PRESS‘EI FRIDA Y. FEERUARH.‘ I984

.  S’Aplanninglobby effort to fight Cuomo. budget

cut without their consultation. Schaffer said
that legislators are saying, “how can we act
on the 84-85 budget. when the 83-84 budget
hasn’t been followed.” He criticized Cuomo
and Division of Budget officials for
eliminating the jobs. The cutbacks will result
in lay-offs within SUNYA’s support servtces
system, which includes the bus service,
Schaffer said. .

Other SA lobbying tactics will include
rallies on the quads on February 6 and
speeches made to classes, announced
Gawley. He said that a policy to “get more
letters out“ is being planned. He added that
teachers are being asked to cancel tests and
classes scheduled on the February 27 rally
date.

. Bus fee
SA also plans to work against the bus fee

Student Action Chair Steve Gawley

which was recommended by the Task Force
on University Bus, Fee Alternatives, he
asserted. Schaffer was a member of the task
force but prepared a minority opinion oppos-
ing the fee. That opinion was presented to
President Vincent O’Leary. along with the
recommendations of the whole committee.

Schaffer said that "he plans to send a letter
with some of my views on the fee" to a soon
to be established budget panel, which will
further study the bus fee issue. This panel will
consist of faculty. students and ad-
ministrators, he noted. SA, he said, hopes to
“lobby them to see if we can lessen the im-
pact of the report."

Tax exemption
A bill to.change “tax differential exemp-
tion” policy was defeated l0-lJ-2. SA-

 

BOB SOUCV UPS

 

Some legislators are not supporting the governor's increases.

 

      

 

1/

Wednesday thtu Sunday-8 pm. till 4 am.
Happy Hour Every NightOB-lO pm.
Wednesday Is Ladies Night

DOMESTIC BOTTLE BEER

2 FOR 1 WITH COLLEGE ID.

THURSDAY NIGHT.
2 FOR I DRINKS

WELL DRINKS AND '

SUNDA Y NIGHT.

 

funded groups often seek such exemptions
they can reduce prices which they are sup :0
ed to charge at events they sponsor. If thcpb-Tl
had passed. it would have granted exempt“:
power to the SA president and vice-president"
The bill's defeat meant that exemption pow I
remains in the hands of the president an:
controller.

Schaffer amended the bill so that excm .
tions would be granted by the vicmpmidcgl
and controller. He half-jokcingly said. Hg...
it (exemption power) to them. ldon't waan
do it." But the amended bill was also
defeated, this time by a ll-l3-l vote.

Andrew Serp’s appintmcnt to the pesition
of Contact Office manager was approved
without objections.

A resolution commending basketball
coach Dick Saucrs. who has coached at
Albany for 28 years and who is 15th in career
wins among all active collcgc couches was
passed by acclimation.

Student directories
According to Schaffer, the student dircc.
tories should have been distributed by 'l‘hun.
day. He said that he was told this by mm.
mm Vice-President for Univct'sily Affair.
Sorell Chesin.

Olympic hopefuls

An “Olympic Hopefuls“ conttlliilcc isbc-
ing planned, said SA Programming Director
Rich Golubow. This group would engage in
fund raising to benefit SUNYA studan who
are potential qualifiers for the 1984 Olympics

A bill which would change SA's hiring
practices and a resolution calling for SUNY
to divest funds from corporations “inch in-
vest in South Africa were tabled, It “as sug-
gested by Off-campus Reprcsctiltlthc Neil
Shapiro that the resolution be withdrawn in
that it could be printed and distrihutctl 10 till
council members by next week. This would
allow them to study the wording in [hr
lengthy resolution. he said.

 

 

 

. .. r 7 ._.-.WW“ iv....»........_,....._,...._

“38‘

 

THE ouranss WELCOMES EA CH
OF you BACK FOR THE SPRING
SEMESTER

 

BEy Heldl Gralla
N {VSEDITDR

Michael Parkes doesn’t want to
offend anyone, he just wants to ex-
press dislikes. in a lighthearted way.

Parkes. who is a 21-year~old
senior at SUNYA, and his uncle,
have invented and copyrighted a
logo that expresses what people

don’t love. The .
logo is a variation Friday
of the “i love

N.Y." campaign. '
in Parkes‘ version 
the heart is covered by a black
bisected circle which Parkes
translates to say, “I do not love.”
“We wanted a non-verbal way to
express that its okay not to love. A
few people felt it was too negative,
but i still feel its okay not to love
something.” Parkes maintains.

The phrases currently being sold
range from lighter topics such as “i
do not love mistakes" to more
serious issues like drunk drivers or
Reaganomics. They’re even plann-

\ ing a jacket for dogs that says. “I

do not love fleas.” The buttons and
bumper stickers have been appear-
ing all over campus and are beginn-
ing to show up in novelty stores
around the United States.

“it blew my mind tt go into my
home town stationery store and see
my own product on the shelves hav‘
ing come there via the West Coast
(where some of his products are
manufactured)." Parkes recalls.

Parkes, an RA on lndian Quad is
feeling the ﬁrst affects of fame. but
the fortune hasn’t come in yet. He's
still driving his l979 Ford Fairmont.
Besides that, the most expensive
item he appears to own is a stereo.
and he got that as a gift. He dresses
like many college students; Lee
jeans and a plaid button-down
shirt.

When he talks about the recent
publicity he has gotten from the
Albany affiliates of NBC and CBS,
he clearly isn’t comfortable with it
yet; his eyes flash up towards the
ceiling, his face reddcns. and he
grins self-consciously. “The thing i

don't like about it (the media
coverage)," he contends. “is that
Michael Parkes is getting the
publicity, Lighthearts (his com-
pany) isn't." .

The history of Lighthearts is a
story Parkes says he‘s told a million
times. Yet, he doesn't seem tired of
it. -

Parkes and his uncle. Steve
Block, stumbled upon the idea of
expressing dislikes when Block, a
Californian. was ridiculing the “i
love N.Y." campaign. According to
Parkes. Block said. "I wish i had a

bumper sticker that said ‘l skull and
crossbones N.Y."' Parkes adds.

“We started talking about it and

realized there are so many things
that people don‘t love.” They knew
they had a good idea. but. says
Parkes, it took a lot of searching
and thinking to find the right logo
to illustrate it.

During that time he and Block
saw logos that portrayed hearts
with bullet holes or cracks in them,
but they couldn't find anything that

clearly said, "i do not love." One '

day they were stopped at a red light,
when Parkes saw a ‘No U turn' sign
that delivered its message by cover-
ing a I‘U” with a bisected circle.
Thus. after some minor problems
with copyrighting. in February
1982. Lighthearts limited was born.

Parkes says he did some informal
research on campus to see how the
logo would be received by students,
and to find out which dislikes were
most popular.

"l walked up to people and asked
‘What don't you Iike?‘ and at first
they looked at me like i had eight
heads or something. I got answers
like accounting 211, virgins. and ex-
ams," Parkes recalls.

According to Parkes. people
prefercd to express what they don’t
love as opposed to what they do
love by a 4-] margin. Among the
more popular dislikes were
J.A.P.'s, Reaganomics. and
dieting. Parkes said.

Parkes is a business and
distributive education major.
ironically, this young entrepreneur

 

v t FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 3.1934 El ALBANY STUDENTPRE’SS 7

Parkes finds ‘some things yOuitrsticant'tlove’:

couldn’t get into SUNYA's business
school. Like many business school
hopefuls. he explains. “Economics
killed me." He says, however, that
marketing his product was the best
education he could have gotten.

He spent last summer meeting
with executives and acquiring
hands-on experience in marketing.
While his age has worked to his ad-
vantage in gaining the recent
publicity, he asserts that it wasn't

manufacturing the logo on pencils
and magnets. In addition. Parkes}
estimates that he's netted about

he explains. 3“ - _ .
: Parkes is doing his part to spread
the word. He drinks coffee out of

‘ an “I do not love smoking" mug

$400 from bumperstlekers and but-
ton sales in the bookstore. '
The SUNYA student maintains”
that most of his profits have gone
toward phone calls to his partner,
transportation to business
meetings,
Lighthearts.

Lighthearts. says Parkes. has

and re-investmept in‘

and wears around a selection of his
.pins. “People look at the pin and

say 'oh, you do not love drunk
drivers,’ and I say, ‘look again,’
and then they say, ‘oh, you hate

  
 
  
  

 

   

 

 

 

 

Entrepreneur Michael Parkes
Popular dislikes were Reaganomics.
that way this summer. "i met with
businessmen and they all wanted to
know, ‘Who is this 2l-year-old kid
who wants to spend my time?"‘
Well, he got some people to take
him seriously. Lighthearts currently
has a contract for $5.000 plusj per-
cent of the gross sales with Papcl
Company who is marketing the
logo on mugs. Another company is

.I./l.P. 's and dieting.

become a constant prcoccupativn
for him. “i find myself sitting
around and doodling new ideas.”
he notes. But, he maintains. he's
not in this just to make money.
“The logo should be like the heart;
it should be so embedded in
people‘s minds : it’should be almost
like shorthand... I would love for it
to become part of the vernacular."

GREG STACKEL. CAROLVN PETRANOFF

drunk drivers?‘ and i find myself
explaining to them that l'm express-
ing the emotion of ‘l do not love.’"
Parkes says.

The Lighthearts slogan. Parkes
notes. sums up the purpose of their
logo: “Some things you just can’t
love." D

Students gain management practice on railroad

   

TURN TO PAGE 16 FOR
A LOOK AT SOME OF HER

. A NEW run Eooo RESTAURANT
nouns ARE 5:30-9PM

CAMPUS CENTER DINNER OPTION MEAL
CARDS HONORED!

FOR INFORMATION CALL: 457-4833

lﬂniutraitu Auxiituru Set-ultra ﬁpnnanreh
MWNWMAM

 

MENU ITEMS

 

[A

 

 

By Michelle Busher

smrr WRITER

A small railroad got some f rec advice from
two SUNYA students last semester. as part
of a School of Business program.

The two students were among 26 students
enrolled in Management 482. Their work in-
cluded writing a computer simulation that
dealt with financial .forecasts. debt
agreements on carloads and what Batten Kill
Railroad can expect in the future. according
to Ron Crowd. President and General
Manager of Batten Kill. The project was
useful to Batten Kill. because they didn't
have enough staff time to develop it
themselves.

The program is run by Associated Pro-
fessor of Management and public policy.

News Updates

Directories due soon

The strident directories will come out
either Monday or Tuesday. said assistant
vice-president for University Affairs. Sor-
rel Chesin. They have been printed and
are in the binding process. he said.

Today is the fourth target date for the
distribution of the directories. They have
been held up for five months because of
problems encountered by the publisher.
Chesin claimed. The publishing firm,
Clark and Moore, has had difficulty rais-
ing advertising revenues. explained
Chesin. This is the first college directory
they have published, he noted.

 

Thomas 'IDandri'dgc. it is partially funded by
local banks and the Washington based Small
Business Association. Dandridge has been
with the program since its initiation in 1976.

The course gives the studentsa chance to
gain“ on-the-job experience while helping
small firms which might not otherwise be
able to afford professional consulting. accor-
ding to Robert Tosner and Stuart Weinfeld,

‘ the two students who worked at the railroad.

‘Batten Kell railroad is located approx-
imately'SO miles northeast of the SUNYA
campus. “it reminded me of Petticoat Junc-
tion," said Tosner. Weinfeld added that at
first he was a little nervous. “You don’t
know if you can do it." he explained.

The two asserted that they had a good
working relationship with Crowd. and

According to Chesin. Clark and Moore
will not trundle the directories next year.
The publishers of next year‘s directory
have not been selected. he said. in the
past. UAS published the directory. but
they lost $l,500 to $2,000 each year, and
decided last year to stop publishing it. said
Chesin.

Post Office to re-open

The University Post Office will reopen
on February 7. according to Director of
the Physical Plant Dennis Stevens. .

The Post Offico was previously shut
down last August when two _posta_l

Rodney Littles. the Chief Financial officer.

Management 482 is an integrating course,
explained Dandridge. He noted that the
course is designed to bring together all of the
different subjects ‘that the students have
studied. The course, Dandridgc said, tries to
accomplish several objectives: to understand
the principles of small business management
and consulting, and to deal with policy and
planning.

Crowd said that he was happy with the
computer simulation and that it was very
useful to Batten Kill workers. He further
noted that he was very impressed by how well
the program was administered. He added.
“Dandridgc is doing an excellent job.”

Crowd said that he didn’t rely on the
students to provide consulting advice because

workers were arrested on charges of falsi-
fying business records, official miscon-
duct. and petty larcery. They were subse-
quently convicted. and “each resigned
froth their positions," said Stevens.

The new hours of the Post Office will
be noon to 3 pm. Monday through Fri-
day, and all postal services. including the
purchase of stamps. sending of registered
mail. and package services. will be
available, Stevens said.

SA suit to start over

Student Association President Rich
Schaffer said that he would be meeting,

they had no railroad experience. He added
that “the students Operated in an extremely
professional way."

According to Dandridge. the operators at
Batten Kill had a clear idea of what they
wanted accomplished, which is not the case
with many other small firms. He explained
that many companies have difficulty trusting
consultants in general. whether they are
students or not.

“The students take the work seriously,"
maintained Dandridge and he said he is
“constantly impressed by the quality of train-
ing dedication that students put into it,” and
he enjoys seeing students "experience their
own competence." l”!

Monday with SA attorneys Mark Mishlcr
and Lew Oliver to begin uppcnlling a
lawsuit which SA lost last semester.

in the suit. SA charged the City of
Albany with gerrymandering in an at:
tempt to discnfrnnchisc students. Schaffer
said he has been collecting affudavits from
students who were reportedly hassled by
election officials when they attempted to
vote in last November’s elections.

Schaffer said the suit would be ﬁled in
the State Court of Appeals, “hopefully by
the end of February.” ‘

 

 

 

h , m...(...—-.~m«».g:ynue-.=; I.» .,

‘kt

 

