   

 

I

‘g GALE/thy STUDENTPRESS t ' TUESDA r APRIL 3., I984

 

 

 

IT'S THE
LAST FRIDAY FOR-
THIS SEMESTER ! l l !

-~—-—-—---A P R I L----4 TH

(Located on the 2nd floor of v
r the Campus Center...5:00—8:3OP.M.)
L

 

 

  

NOMINATIONS ARE OPEN FOR
' NYPIRG

GOVERNING POSITIONS:

*State board Representative
(3 positions open)

*Local Board Chair

*Local Board Vice-Chair

* Secretary/ Treasurer

All nominations are Welcome

Nominations must be made in
writing and will be accepted in
the NYPIRG office (cc382)
until 5pm, Friday, April 13th
NYPIRG ELECTIONS :
May 2nd cc Lobby

 
     
   
     
   
   
     
 
  

NYPIRG *

New York Poole Interact Renard: Group, Inc.

 
 
 

Since 1952, Londoners have been trying
to figure out... WHODUNIT?

Now it’s your turn.

 
  
 
  
   
    
 
    

The Longest running play EVER.

A University Theatre
Production directed by
Albert Asermely

Main Theatre,

SWYA Performing Arts Center.
April 4,5, and 7 at 8 p.m.,
April 6 at 7 and 10 pm.
Reservations: 457- 8606

 

 

 
  
     

 

  

 

We ’re doin’ it again!

“if

   

Vﬁm Q ”

375% T

m‘hcomuotwuummdmd mm'm

 

 

J

 

 

 

 

 

News Updates "  " i 

. AV sale considered

W
.Sltniettl Association Vice President .lcl'f
Schneider said ltc will ntcel Tuesday with two
administralltm tnetnbers to discuss the sale of
SA's illldlo-VlSlllll equipment to tile Universi-
ty. He said chances for tile sale are “pretty
good."

Last week. lte said, he ntet with the two of-
ficials. Associate Vice
Acadetnic Affairs Francis l.ces and Dean of

. litttnattities and Fine Arts Paul Wallace. At
tltat meeting they said tltey needed more litne
to study the matter. according to Scltneider.

They have had the equipment appraised
attd ltavc discussed where tltey will get tnoney
to lnty the "AV." he said.

The equipment was used by Telethon and
“as not damaged, said Schneider.
“Everything functioned very smoothly," he
asserted. '

Poster may be illegal

A campaign poster of Student Association
presidential candidate Williatn  Jones is il-
legal. according to a senior attorney of the
stale Attorney (lcncral's office, Mare Boyer.

The poster, which shows a character from
the cartoon Doonesbury holding balloons, is
an “infringement of copyrights,“ asserted
lioycr.

Democrats

<Front Page

l-lart attd Jackson said they op-
posed atty effort to weaken the ex~
clusionary rule, bttt Mondale said
lte “would consider supporting a
'good faith ' exception . . . itt those
cases when avalid warrant has been
issued except for a purely teeltnieal
and inadvertant administrative er-
ror."

On the death penaly, Hart said he
was opposed ot it “under all cir-
cumstances," Jackson said he op-
posed it “because a majority of
poeple on death‘ row today in
America are black," and Mondale
replied: “i do not favor a federal
death penalty. but lam studying the
possibilities of stiffer sentencing in-
cluding life sentences with no
possibility of parole."

Both Hart and Jackson said they
would support legislative restric-
tions on the rigitl of the FBI to in-
vestigatye groups or individuals
based on their advocacy of illegal
activity, calling such FBI activity a
denial of free speech. Mondale said
he felt that “internal disciplinary
procedures." combined with legal
remedies for injured citi/ctts, “will
sufficiently protect individual liber-
tics."

All three candidates promised if
elected to strengthen enforcement
of civil rigltts laWs on school
desegregation, housing attd voting
rights.

()ttly llarl and Jackson replied
specifically in the area of affir-
tttalive action, vowing if elected to
strengthen hiring of women and
minorities in federal agencies. Hart
added that lte would support
“court orders mandating remedies
to correct pervasive histories of
discrimination."

‘ The ACLU said the questionnaire
was sent Feb. 15 to all candidates
ittcltldittg President Reagan, whose
head specchwriter, Roger Bolton,
deferred the president's reply for six
to cigltt weeks. Only the replies of
the three remaining Democrats were
released by the organization.

President for -

 
 
 

 
  

TUESDA Y APRIL 3.

y/

 

 

 

Jones acknowledged that tile poster was il-
legal. but said he anticipates no problems. if
there are legal problems, he said. Iltey’would
involve the artist. not the University.

Clean-up- successful

'l‘he Humanities Lounge is now open tlntil
5:00 p.m., and “so far. so good" with regard
to clean-up. said Dean of Humanities Patti
Wallace. Students are being responsible and
are taking proper care of the lounge, Wallace

maintained. and tints the main objective is -

being fulfilled, he added.

Tltc lounge had been closed at “:30 a.m.
caclt day since the beginning of the semester
because no one took charge of cleaning it.
said Wallace.

The room re-opened Monday. March 27

following a sit-in and a meeting between
several students and Dean Wallace.

No alcohol policy yet

The alcohol policy has not been for-
mulath yet, said President Vincent O‘Leary.
in fact, he said, policy rccommetnlations
have ttol even beett submitted to him.

According to O‘I.cary, the Student Affairs
Council. a University Senate committee is

studying tlle proposal made by Vice Presi-

detn for Student Affairs Frank l’ogue.

After the (‘ottncil has studied tlte proposal,
it will be brougln to the Senate floor, said
()‘l.cat'y. After tltc Senate approves the
policy. he will decide ultethcr it will be im-
plemented. lte said.

Student Association President Rich Sella!"-
l'cr said tnowveeks ago that l’ogue had
recotttntcttded that kegs be permitted ilt
suites. l’ogue refused to comment on Schaf-
fer's assertion.

Solomon challenged

Republican Representative Gerald
Solomon is facing an clcctiott challenge, as an
East Scltodack c\ccttti\e became the second
candidate to announce that lte is seeking the
Democratic nomination, according to the
Knickt'rhm‘ker Ne tvs‘.

li‘rcd llayc, 34. said he would rttn against

Solotnott attd Democrat lidward J. liloch.
59. an Albany district labor leader. who an-
nounced his candidacy earlier this year accor-
ding to the news article.

liaye. who was reported by tile Knicker-
bocker News as alt executive with Albany
based RWG litttcrpt'iscs. said he decided to
full for the office three necks ago and since
lltelt has contacted local political leaders itt
the seven counties within the district.

Ithe Senate's Educational

    

UPS

SUNYA President Vincent O'Lea‘ry
Panel ponders bus fee

According to President Vincent O'Lcary,
tlle bus I'ce proposal lnts not yet been submit-
ted for his approval. He said the University
Senate‘s butlch panel is presently consider-
ing the fee. . »

The proposal. he said. will be submitted to
Policy Council
following the budget panel‘s consideration of
the plan. Then it will go to the Senate floor.
before finally being sent for the President‘s
consideration. lte said.

In January. the Task Force on University
tins Fee Allcrttltlitcs recommended that the
University impose a fee for the use of the
buses.

 

When girls want a vacation

/

filled with fun, sun and romance,
they go to Fort Louderdale...

Wéuwﬁze

Where all your dreams come true

lRl-SlAR PICTURES tllsttttttmilc PRODUEIIONS “ALLAN (ARR PRODUCIION 'WHERE THE BOYS ARE'
smiiSA HARlMAN'RUSSEii lODD ~i0RNA [UH-WENDY SCHML- HOWARD MtﬁliUleYNN-HOilY JOHNSONt‘t‘m mailAlANA SlEWARl

 

   
  
 
 
     
    

The group noted that as a non-
partisan organiztion it never sup-
ports or opposes any candidate for
elective or appointive office. bttt
sttid tltc candidates‘ views were he-
ittg tttade pttblic "to focus public at—
tetttion on civil liberties issues." ‘“

 

m‘éiKHRlSlOPHER MCDONAIDI-Inmtm DANIEL MCDONALD amount SOREL delimit JAMES A (ONlNER WSYIVESTER LEVAY
Wt DENIS PREGNOLAT “'“llSlU KRlEGiRwJEfF BURKHART'WliAilAN CARR m""iiHY AVERBACK R "mm"

unutu It It will Acct-ulttu
Amsuk ﬁlm 00' " I ll“ [B SWHINS- Ill [Alli lilWlil “I”! ll Allllll IUAIN‘I Q.)
put-cuntth

STARTS FRIDAY, APRIL 6 ATA THEATRE NEAR YOU.

  
        

 

