 

g.
j.
i
l.
I
l
f
l
g.

.M, he». s... 5. ..:M~.ww.mm..,,mn.

.. ..un~.,mw «1"»... 

.7. - ....ra~.~e~v,~r,

7r-mgw~—m, .s

groAsPccrésfonrtJESDAy

 

‘ l V ‘elio. John? This is Tom cuiltn'g. “
“HI. Tonr. What's up?"
"Say. do you remember the book I

borrowed? Well. I looked it over and I really
want‘to write the review. okay?"

The Art of Fiction: Notes oh Craft for
Young Writers.

by John Gardner

Allied A. Knopf. Inc. $13.95

 

Tom Kacandes

 

The Situation: it was already getting late
and I had to study. But John wanted his

review copy of The Art of Fiction back the next -

day and something In the few scraps I'd read
told me "Tom. you need to read this book. 00
for it." It was no problem getting John to give
me the assignment. but now I have to write the
review! All I wanted was a free copy of the
book. '

If you only faintly recall the name. let me
say that John Gardner's credentials for writing-
a "how to" book on fiction are sterling. After
writing. and, teaching writing. for many
moons. Gardner settled down to teach at
SUNY Btnghamton. where he wrote until he
died in .I982. As the author of poetry.
children's stories. non-fiction and ' fiction.
Gardner's experience was extensive to say the
least. Conspicuous among these ef rts was
Grendel. the telling of the Beowulf s r N
the monster‘s point of view'.‘ Tire Ar
Is a well-organized collection of tips on the
craft by a rrran who knew what Ire was talking
about.

I remember when in my freshman year I
once thought about lrow I could get myself out
to Bingharntorr to take a course with John
Gardner. The opportunity soon passed away

as the SUNY system lost Its most acclaimed
English professor the next year. Fortunately.
Gardner“ had all those students he would
never meet in mind when he set out to stuff his
years of accumulated knowledge into a'writing

    

 

  
 

Brubacher

 

 

“e  rtOf John Gardn

 

 

‘ before moving on to “fiction that. both in style

It’s Party time as we

OUNTDO
__ ‘ To _ ,
TELETHON84"
Fri. 3/9/84.

2.00 With Telethon
T—Shirt or Hat,

$2.50 w/o either

*‘Live DJ. *

DOOR PRIZES

Beer— Soda ~
— Munchies

proper ID required

 f" u ,__.__-_.;..M‘

 

 

 

Bo’ok' End‘s
MARCH 6' 1984

manual. The work was completed shortly
before his death and appeared in late January
this year lit a handsome hardcover edition.

Gardner's final effort stands as an exclama-
tion point capplrrg his career. The Art of Fic-
tion has a poetic quality that rises from Its
lucid. patient prose. Gardner‘s examples are
concise and right on target: his teaching ex-
perience allows him to anticipate and de-fuse
every common rntsconceptton and objection.
This book has the effect of a one-on-one
trouble-shooting session with the voice of the
Muse: the reader finishes inspired by his near-
fatal, brush wttlr Insight to write like never
before. For me. personally. The Art of Fiction
was a damn near cathartic experience.

The Art of Fiction is divided Into two sec—
tions: Notes on LiteraryvAesthetic Theory and
Notes of the Fictional Process. In his preface.
Gardner states that in the first section. he
sought to give the reader an understanding of
his general theory of fiction. "what fiction
‘goes for.‘ how It works as a mode of thought.
In short what the art of fiction is." Which “is the
first step toward writing well." Gardner
distinguishes between conventional fiction and
other veins such as “metafiction. (reconstruc-
tion. and Jazzing around." Though he declines
to agrue one against the other. his feeling that
beginners should master the conventional

 

and theme Investigates fiction" Is clear. His
point is well taken: "Steze the trunk of any
science securely. and you have control of its
branches." ,‘ >

The book's second section might have been
titled "Brass Tacks." It includes chapters on
common errors. technique. and plotting «IS
well as a group of writing exercises designed to
develop mastery of details such as psychic
distance and voice. Gardner has known so
many students that on occasion his Insight is
frightening: "Every true apprentice has.
however he may try to keep it secret even available in 2r cheaper. softcover edition.
from himself. only one major goal: glory." something one can reverently slip under the

My only criticism of the final product is that pillow at night. The Art of Fiction is an excep-
this thoroughly excellent book should be tional textbook from which any writer with
l

 

John Gardner. author of The Art of Fiction

serious literary aspirations —t.e tllt‘riih of
glory— will benefit. Young writers \lt‘itiltl ire
thankful that Gardner has left them Ilw §.r~t m-
terview.

 

 

 

 

THI$ WEEKEND...

AT THE

   

 

 

 

 
 

 

    
 

9am—2am
Ballroom

 
    

   

 
 

 
 

IZth M015L= PEDAL STEEL
' —-rJlM BARBER, 3”“

   

  

     
 
   
     
 

  

1 Brit Ratliff W more.

‘ THE 5551 iii ACOtisTIC MUSIC”
\FRI, MAR 97" ~——~—~

liniutraitu Auxiliary 19min: E'purraurrh
"(Waywarqu m

   
 

IIA'.‘

 

 

 

 

 

\

 

 

MARCH 6. 1984

Looking Back On T

I T he sixties had movements In art that were

consumed as fast as they were created.

but this was not so the seventies and
eighties. Robert Hughes explores modern art
and Its future in the final film of his series.
“Shock of the New." This segment ts entitled
"The Future That Was."

 

Rina Young

The Idea of the auant-garde movement
passed with the late seventies. The aims of the
movement were to relate art to life. through
social change and by creating a model of dis-
sent. Hughes states that we are now In the
post-modernism period In art and that moder-
nism Is already a part of our history.

The present social reality of art Is that it
treats the present as a stage that has evolved
from the past. The myth of the auant-garde Is
that the artists can prepare for the future.
Therefore the artist “Is gripped In a parenthesis
between the past and the future.”

In the 19th century. art was the main
generator of public symbols. lt embodied the
values of the day and became a social cons-
cience. What art said mattered. and It showed
that it mattered. Today. we have no credible
art because the media has taken that away.
With the advent of the museum. art has been
removed from the normal experience. The
museum's goal has been to collect as much art
as possible from all sides. and in so doing. has
changed its function and meaning by connec-
ting a price to the work. It is hard to look at a

 

 

 

Picasso without thinking about the millions
that changed hands for that one piece.

The museum has also become a retreat
wherein art can exist as it can nowhere else.
The minimalist movement ls highly dependent
upon this. For how could the sculpture of a
large rectangle of bricks. as created by Carl
Andre. be considered art when put on the city
sidewalk? A piece of sculpture by Rodin in the
middle of a street would look like a misplaced
work of art. The artisitic relevance of a collec-
tion of bricks would be overlooked.

in the movement away from all this came
the synthesis of earth-works: otherwise
known as land-art. These are massive
sculptures out in the rnlddle of nowhere that
the general public is hard pressed to reach on
any given day. In their isolation. the artists are
attempting to get out of the mainstream of the
money and culture exchange to bring back
some of the meaning and significance which
they feel ahs been lost.

Other artists refuse to create objects that can
be bought and sold. These artists have created
something that you could not own. but rather
must experience. They have created body-art
whereby they perform a sort of "high intensity
theatre." For example. Stuart Brissly drown-
ing in a tank. and coming up for air at the last
moment.

All of these different stages of art were a way
in which to explore the realm of the human
experience. The question arises that if auant~
garde has lost Its direction and functions. has

 

 

Perspectives

he Futu

I

at ......_..,....I.. : rum u..t...r...u.,u.J my... ya»; :hdJM1 *

‘ . ASPECTS on TUESDAY 11'

 

re That 

 

 

 

modern art lost Its meaning? We have high exs
pectallons of what art should be. and when it
doesn't turn out. we blame it.

The abstract art of the seventies had an im-
pact. "but it is equally as clear that Its inclusive
power is not what the pioneers had hoped."
However. in not living up to the hopes of its
artistsic mastes. abstract art has not completely
lost all sense and meaning. Modernism has
not attempted to do what has not been done
before. for that would negate the theory of
continuity in the concept behind the evolu‘
tionary process of art. Hughes states that the
ultimate business of painting is not to pretend
that thlrrgs are whole when they are not, but to
create a sense of wholeness which can be seen
oppostion to the world of chaos . . thereby
rising above the familiar.

 

 

Caricature of Courbel Andre Gill

We are in an age where modernism is our
culture. and art today is a represnetation of
that. Art tries to transcend what we do in our
everyday lives to a higher level of con-
sciousttess. Nrr level of on Is purely abstract.
because it tries to reach us In ways that we
don't normally connect. The energies of art to-
day are not reading its full potential. and this
perhaps is a reflection of our culture today.
However. it still speaks to us in Its many
languages that can change our constructs of
reality. The attempt to convey meaning In art
is inherent in the need to create.

Hughes does not attempt tr) theorize about
the future of art. He leaves us with the thought
that even though atrnnte-gtrrrfu is dead. art will
never be.  >

 

   
  

rigidities/ti
I
WANTS A we MINIMUM

IS THAT ALL

    
 
  

   
   
 

’ HE DESERVE

 

  

HE THINKS S?

    
   

 
   
  
 

IMArASIFA
milieu smes
HOCKEY LEAGUE
ms SUMM R. ALL

THE PLA ERS'
WOULD DROWN.

I SE THE
U.S.F;L. '5
PLAYING
FOOTBALL
AGAIN

   
     
  

       

.4
I
>
.4
"V
l—
32
rn
U
E

  
     

 

 

 

   
   

HERE‘S THE WHAT‘S
COMIC STRIPS... HAPPENING
r~ oun

 

tT STARTS OUT erH A
GUY WEARING GLASSES
AND A HAT.READING A
NEWSPAPER WITH A BEER‘
DRINKING DOG...

 

 

 

 

  

trssing hy the practice rooms of the
PPerforming Arts Center (PAC). one is

apt to hear the melodies of Strauss
mixing fluently with those of Haydn and
Mozart. This is where long hours of rehearsal
are spent in preparation for events such as the
Annual Student Concerto. which will be
presented this evening in the Main Theatre of
the PAC at 8 pm. Seven of SUNYA's most
talented students will be featured as soloists
with. the University Community Orchestra
under the direction of Nathan Gottschalk. The
program offers a variety of pieces including
concerti for violin. cello, double bass. ohoc.
and saxophone. as well as two operatic arias

To begin the evening Lori Wolfer. a' senior.
will perform a movement of the oboe concerto
in C major by Franz Josef Haydn.

Following Wolfer will be one of the two
vocal soloists. Barbara Berry. Berry and Lisa
Gatrett have the distinction of being the first
vocalists to be featured with the
orcheslt'n.Bert'y is it third year voice major
who is a member of the University Chorale as
well its a choral assistant.

Tonight. In hn‘excerpt from Pur’cell's opera
Dido and Aeneas. Berry will transform herself
into the tragic Dido who. in the famous "l..r»
merit". decides to end her life after her belov-
ed Aeneas has failed her

Gregg August is featured next as soloslst in
the first movement of the Dittersdorf Bass corr-
curto itr l€ major. August. a sophomore. has
studied double bass for only a year and a half.
trnri'htrs made remarkable progress on such a
demanding instrument. August also plays per-
cussion and keyboard in the University l’er-
cussion Ensemble.

 

Making his debut on saxophone us an or-

SUNYA’s Best Give

Student Concerto

restral soloist is Andrew Mcfiorttrrr Unlike
the other instruments in this evening's concert.
the saxophone is not a regular piece of the
traditional orchestra. McGowan wrll play the
(‘rlarunov Concerto for Alto ﬁrxophorre and
string orchestra As \wli as studying clarinet.
McGowan departs from classical repertoire to
play tenor sax in the Unircrsitt: Jazz Lnsem~

e.

l‘lndyn is heard once again in the program.
this time in the form of the cello concerto it‘. C
major, David Gee will perform the first move-
ment of this work. which is one of the first con-
certos'written for the cello Gee is in lrts see
cond year at SUNYA and rn addition to per-
forming with the University Orchestra. he is

‘ assistant principal cellist of the Sclrenectaclg.‘

Symphony

Lisa Garrett will be singing an arm from
Johann Strauss opera Ilrt' I‘IUt'lt'i'iiltlfIS. In
contrast to Berry's previous lament. Garrett's
soprano in the "Laughing Song" protides
Adele. the chamber maid. with it delightful
Ctr\'t.‘t' while masquerading as the elegant Mrss
Olga at the hall, Garrett is a voice major in
volved itr the Troy Musical Arts. Both sherand
Berry sing in the choir at St Paul's Eprscopal
Church.

Kypros Christmloulides will bring the prrr
gram to a close with the opening movement r if
the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto to E minor
Kypros. a second year student. was involved
in a program for talented artists in his native
county. Cyprus. where he appeared as a
soloist on both television and radio. He now
studies economics and music at SUNYA and”
performs In chamber groups as well as the
university orchestra. ’

-I.ynn Amhrano and Martha Moolte

 

