 

 

I

v». -vax- I , ,4 _L

 

.WMMSMeM.-mmm—wwm.ﬁ ,_‘

 

 

 
 
  
 



r ' A l x I ' t in-
It was a moment of magic and beauty. Pure, simple joy. There is no way to pu
to words, the'feellng, 20.hockey players gave this country for two incredible weeks

in the winter of 1980. ' v' 3.2; . a
The miracle Was notas much as what happened on the ice, because this was a
team that believed in itself and in accomplishing the impossible, but what happen-

‘ed in the Olympic Arena, in Lake Placid

.  .Vv.r,t'.~..j«a'-,V,t" 3-... iguﬁgﬁ‘gerq. it . '. . a  _. u:  
2. sports,Febrﬁafymsmvswmm 93555 n TLIESDA,

to see this group of college kids play Finland for the gold medal.
Now it's four years later and there Is a
history. This squad is younger, the pressure
complish something no other United States team has,
‘U.S. Both Olympic champion
Squaw Valley and in Lake Placid.
When Team USA stepped onto the ice in their blue uniforms with the white U S
‘n to face the En ineers of R.P.l., _
35:52:: ahticlpatlon of seesin'g 20 players who are trying to do the impossible. it is
something special to see these players who have delayed a profeSSIonal career to
compete for their country. What adds to that . ‘ . l d
Diaper Line of LaFontaine, Olczyk and Jensen, this Is the youngest team In Unite
States history and their youth shows in their exhubarence on the ice.

Despite the odds against and the expectations for them, this team has that same
pure, simple joy that the 1980 team had. That joy that infected a nation. Drrvrng
through Lake Placid on the road to Potsdam two weekends ago, the'echos of vic-
tory and celebration were alive in the air. The 1980 team is a part of history. Do not
expect the i984 team to provide that same feeling.,They cannot because “of cir-
cumstances out of their control. That is not to say they cannot perform miracles

themselves. Win or lose, this is a team we can be proud of.
Hopefully the controversy over th
entered in the Olympics will be sett . .
overturned. Today, the U.S.vtakes on Canada In their open
relax and enjoy the thrill of Olympic hockey.
I hope I will be able to say in two weeks, lsaw
team from the i984 WinterOlympic Games In

be known as the site of the second miracle on ice.

  
 
 
  
   
  
 

and across America. .The. nation was .
transformed into 200 million hockey fanatics, getting up early on a Sunday morning

nother team ready to takea step into,
is greater and they will be trying to at;-.
win the gold outstde of the

' fo
ships were won before a home crOWd, 1960 In jordan soar

a burst of electricity filled the arena. It '

feeling is their youth. Led by the ~

e eligibilitylof players on almost every team
led, and the threat to undermIne the Games
ing game, so sit back,

and met the gold medal winning
Sarajevo. And maybe, Sarajevo wrll

    

‘3 wrtesrLtNo': THE SPORT or, KINGS

tlln should not be scorned as a sham but
23:23": |:Irfrsmrtsof true grace and athletic skIll. Keith

Marder explains.

‘- 3. NFL sLUEs AND COLLEGE HOOP

VIEWS, be h‘ f defeat this
i t Mark Levine descri 5 Is agony o ' .,

53:31:01 season and the thrill of victory. watching Michael

r the number-one ranked Tarheels of North

Carolina

' 4 COVER “STORY: LTHE us. "HOCKEY

TEAM SEARCHES FOR GOLDEN GLORY
As the United States Olympic hockey team opens its defense

of the 1980 gold medal today against Canada, Marc Schwarz

provides a look at the team from a, different perspective.

7 FELLAS, GIVE US SOME HOCKEY!
Dean Chang writes an open letter to the television network
executives inquiring the whereabouts of NHL hockey in their

sports programming.

8 AMlA INTRAMURAL STANDINGS

Who's doing what in floor hockey and basketball and an ex-
planation of the playoff format.

“"TPhOtOST‘T’

Cover‘photo of Bob Mason and all 1984 United States
Olympic hockey team pictures by Ed Marussrch, UPS. '
Page 2, 3 and 7 photos'reprinted courtesy of the Caprtal
District Newspapers. ‘ ,

Page it photos- UPS.

 

 

By KEITH MARDER '
Associate Sports Editor

With the Olympics just around the corner
,a feeling of patriotism surges up and down
'the spine of just about everybody who has

ever even hummed our national anthem. But
there is one catch when talking about the
Olympics. Our country, sadly enough has
become second best to the Russians. As a
matter of fact, except for an occasional
"miracle”llke the 1980 hockey team we
have had relatively nothing to cheer about in
the winter games. Rest assured, though, the
Incredible Hulk Hogan (remember him
from Rocky lll?) made sure America wasn't
second best in professional wrestling.

On January 23 of this year, with chants of,
”U.S.A.l U.S.A.l” behind him, The Hulk pin-
n'ed The Iron Sheik, who had previously won
the World Wrestling Federation title in the
name of the Ayatollah Blassie.

“This is more than just a title match. When
I step into that ring two numbers will be go-

'Ing through my head -— 52 hostages in cap-
tivity for 444 days,” Hogan was heard saying
before the match. “i don't care if they chain
me down because I will break any chains
that try to keep me out of that ring and win
that title back for America."

John Morfesi of Cooper Hall pointed out
the second most patriotic act in American
history. It was when Pat Patterson came out
of retirement to beat Ivan "The Russian
Bear" Koloff.

Wrestlers aren't only the reason for us to
be proud of our country. i have come to the
conclusion that professional wrestlers are
also underrated as athletes and deserve con-
sideration for Sports Illustrated’s Sportsman
of the Year. Take for example Wayne Gret-
zky. His scoring streak of 5] had the sports
world in turmoil. But he would have to play

 

  

 

j - TUESDAY, Feanuanvr, mu m ALBANY STUDENT PRESS   ' 

Wrestling 2.  sport of  - ,

many ﬂawless seasons to even come close to
Bob lacklund’l streak of consecutive title
defenses— he held the title for six years. i
didn't see bookies giving 500-1 against
Backlund at any point of his streak. Besides,
even though he may be the greatest player

.ever to step on the ice, how many goals

would Gretzky score in a steel cage or in a
Battle Royale, for that matter?

When speaking about graceful athletes
basketball fans will come up with names like
Julius Ervlr'tg, Domlnque Wilkins, Michael
Jordan, etc. Football supporters may counter
with the likes of James Lofton or willie
Gault. l disagree. The tops in that depart-
ment is Super Fly Jimmy Snulu— the way he
comes ii in off of the n ro Is an un-

   

 

paralleled feat of athletic grace.

Sugar Ray Leonard is considered by most
one of the greatest contemporary boxers. He
almost went blind after taking a few lousy
punches with a glove-padded hand. I shiver
at the thought of what would happen if he
took even one eye gauge from the likes of
Johnny Rodz.

If Mark Moseley would have missed as
many ﬂying drop kicks as he did field goals in
the playoffs, he would be a washed up has
been by now. Speaking of the Redskins, in
what other sport can you find one com-
petitor let alone two who weigh as much as
two of the Redskins’ famous Hogs? Wrestling
can boast both Andre the Giant and
Ha stacks Calhoun.

 

But how would Sugar Ray Leonard handle an
eye gouge? ' '

 

Football players think they are tough, but
they are always trying to pass new rules to
protect their players. Wrestling does no such
thing, as evidenced by moves like the pile
driver. Football players also wear helmets,
whereas wrestling, even 'with painful torture
like Iobo' Brazil's famous Coco Butt
(remember that?) would never even think of
it

The tennis doubles team of ‘John McEnroe
and Peter Fleming think they are the
epitome of teamwork. As far as teamwork is
concerned they couldn't shine the shoes of
the tag team pair of Mr. U.S.A. (back to
patriotism) Tony Atlas and Rocky Johnson.

"The Mysterious Z," better known to' all as
lan Zadoorian, Albany State varsity basket-
ball player, asks, "If lou Albano isn’t a father
figure then who is?" Adds Dane center Pete
Gosule, “He's right, you can tell by seeing
him in the Cindy Lauper video."

Wrestling is a much more faithful sport
thanbaseball. The hierarchy of our nation’s
pasttlme all but disowned one of their all-
time superstars Willie Mays, just for a little
nvolvement with gambling. The Big Brass of
wrestling, on the other hand, could not have
been happier than they were when Bruno
Sammartino made his debut in the Bally’s
casino commercial. Besides. he sang' better
than Phil Esposito. The Coca-Cola company
should re-cast their commercial where'they
have Mean Joe Greene in that touching
scene with the youngster. in Greene's place
should be The Magnificent Don Morrocco.

I‘m also sick and tired of hearing that
wrestling is a fixed sport. Here is
documented evidence that it isn‘t. Cops bet
on it. Surely, you ask, "How do you know
that?" i heard it on national television. Mur-
ray "the Cop" Greschler once said on The
Odd Couple, "The only sport I bet on is pro-
fessional wrestling." Cl

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

Clockwise from the top left- Torn Hirsch
and goalie Bob Mason protect the U.S.A.
net; Phil Esposito might be celebrating, but
can he singi; Tony Dorsett and the rest of
the NFL struggled through a boring season
and Rangers Mark Pavellch and Anders
Hedberg deserve national TV coverage.

 

 

 

 

NFL“ blues and college hoop views -

By MARK LEVINEr
Sports Editor

Let’s tace it, folks. The NFL has become boring. Pete
Rozelle felt the league was unbalanced, he wanted parity,
and he got it.

I think it stinks.

Looking back on the NFL season, I noticed a couple of fac-
tors that might explain why the most fun i had during NFL
games this year was watching the Lite Beer commercials and
waiting for the two minute warning sol could watch Alcoa’s
Fantastic Finishes. '

Number 1 —- “The Not Enough Great Teams” Factor.

This year, there were four teams that could boast that they
played solid, consistent football, four teams that you could
call "good" teams: the Redskins, Cowboys, Raiders and
Dolphins. Maybe the 49ers. That’s it, and the Cowboys have
certainly had much better seasons, so that may be pushing it
a bit. Nobody else. The two Cowboys-Redskins games were
nice to watch. The Redskins-Raiders game was a classic, and
the Skins-Packers game on Monday night was a; good one, if
you like watching something like a Denver Nuggets game.

Other than that, I can't be convinced that there was a
close, nail-biting exciting game between two quality teams.
That’s because there were only four of them. Any other
tense games were between teams that were hoping to go 9-7
and qualify for a Wild Card spot in the playoffs. Big deal.

Number 2 —- "The Bad Teams are really Pathetic” Fac-
tor.
Think about these three teams for just a moment, if you
will. The Giants. The Buccaneers. The Oilers. For those of
you who are still awake, try to deal with the impact of know-
ing that the Giants were on Monday Night Football three
times. Three times. Can’t you see why Monday Night Foot-
ball's ratings went down? jeez, the Latest Line in the paper
should have had three things listed. It should have said CAR-
DINALS 2 Giants, over-under 3B, S.A.L. 45. What Is an
S.A.L., you ask? The S.A.L. is the Stay Awake Line. For the
Giants-Cards thriller, i would have put it at 45. Anybody who
watches the game and stays awake for over 45 minutes wins.
i would have bet under.

Number 3 — "The Mediocrity Factor”.

So far, I've mentioned four quality teams and three teams
who would have been beaten by Union in the Stagg Bowl.
That leaves 21 teams, and i can not ﬁnd a significant dif-
ference between any two of those teams. Again, possibly the
49ers, but maybe not. Go ahead. Zing a few teams at me that
you think are much different in quality.

The Steelers? Come on. Cliff Stoudt has to have the

weakest arm ofany NFL quarterback since the great Norman
Snead donned the Giants’ blue and white. The Chargers?
Don’t make me laugh. if you think their defense can hack it
in the NFL, try again. Maybe in the USFL. Would you believe
the CFL? How about an il-on-ii game in between Dutch
and indian?

So keep thinking. Give me a game where one of those 21
teams would be a decided favorite against another one, one
that you could say, “The so-and-sos should definitely beat
the so-and-sos today."

Here's one for you: Seattle, at home, against Philadelphia.
No good. The Eagles played some decent football this year,
including giving the Redskins a real scare in Washington.
They've got virtually the same team as the one that made it
to the Super Bowl three years ago, and with a couple of
breaks they could make the playoffs again next year.

Here’s another one: the Rams, at home, against the Colts.
I don't think so, although I may be a little biased being a
Colts fan. The Colts have a young, aggressive defense and
seem to be on their way up. The Rams played some en-
joyable football this year, but you can’t tell me you’d bet a
great deal of money on the Rams laying anything more than
4 points. lfyou would, l’d take the Colts. l’d also bet under if
the S.A.L. were anything above 60. .

Number 4 — “The Boring End to a Boring Season” Fac-
tor.

How about that Super Bowl? 1 mean, if that didn’t have all
the makings of a sensational football game, what did? The
two best teams in football, no doubt about that. Two teams
with character, personality, seemingly even matchups, and
exciting styles of play. No S.A.L., or so i thought. i thought at
least we could get a fun Super Bowl.

instead of a football game, we get a blocked punt, a cou-
ple of nice passes to Cliff Branch, the dumbest play in Super
Bowl history, and a poor excuse for a second half. Joe
Theismann’s pass to jack Squirek could not have been
duplicated by anyone except Scott Brunner, who would
have waited for Squirek to get into the end zone before
leading him so elegantly. Ah yes, the beauty of Scott Brun-
ner. lsn’t life grand?

As I struggled to keep myself in front of the TV for the ﬁnal
30 minutes of this "Super Bowl" l challenged my friend to
go double~or~nothlng on the order of chicken wings we bet
on the game. if he could stay awake for the whole second
half, l'd owe him two orders.

He didn’t accept.

. I O I O I 0

Some bits and pieces on what has thus far been a simply

magnificent season in college basketball.

First and foremost, i must discuss with great pleasure the
subject of one Michael lordan. He is REE-DiC-U-LOUS.
That's my word for describing someone of his overwhelming
stature on the college basketball floor. Can we talk here?
How about that second half against LSU last Sunday? It look-
ed as if he said to a national TV audience, “My team, the
top-ranked team in the country, is losing. i am the greatest
player in this country, so I better take control of this game.
Here | go."

And off he went. Twenty-three points in the second half,
29 for the game, and ii rebounds. Outside jumpers, inside
'iumpers, layups, jams, everything. How about this se-
quence? Matt Doherty grabs an offensive rebound in the
paint, puts up a shot that bounces off the rim and out. Out ot
nowhere comes‘number 23 in the Carolina blue and white.
Up he goes, as if he took a flying leap off a trampoline. He
grabs the ball with one hand, and with the evar-present
tongue sticking out of his mouth, slams it through the iron
with such authority that the ball barely had time to touch the
net. Back upcourt he goes.

I jump off the couch, fall on the floor in my lounge, and
‘begin pounding the floor in disbelief. (I’m really not a sick
boy, Morn, MJ just makes me a little crazy.) "I can’t believe
itl” I kept saying as I sat back down.

"That was incredible," the girl from next door says, seem-
ingly amazed by Jordan's heroics.

"I’m used to It,” a friend of mine says. "He makes shots
like that all the time.” ~

“No,” she replies. "I'm talking about his reaction."

"Oh," my friend says. "I’m used to that, too."

One thing i must voice a negative opinion on. Why
doesn’t CBS show the player introductions before a game?
Am I the only one who thinks that half the fun of watching
college hoop is seeing the players slap high-fives (or low.
fives, If you’re an Oklahoma Sooner) while being announc-
ed, seeing the crowd shake pom-poms for the home team
and yell "So Whatl" for the visitors? Instead, on CBS we get
what looks like a picture of the player in his high school
yearbook. .

' C C C I I 0

Before closing I must say one thing regarding Frank
Cashen and his disastrous blunder, be it on purpose or by ac-
cident, in letting Tom Seaver go.

Tom Seaver is one of the classiest people in all of sports to-
day, aside from being a future Hall of Famer and one of the
great pitchers of our time. For him to get shafted that way
again is just a crying shame. Frank Cashen, I can't believe
you did that. i think you stink. .

That's all i can say.

  

