 

 

 

'  2 idea.

{stunts/yr Passe r:. TUESDA Y. Ma RCH 6. I984

*  . '  ..

Worldwide Q, g

Treaty abrogated.
Beirut

‘ (AP)President Amin Gemayel's administra-
tion today canceled Lebanon's ’lroop
withdrawal pact with lsrael, meeting a de-
mand from Syria and its Druse and Shiite
‘Moslcm allies. ' .

Abrogation of the pact was announced in a '
govcrment statement.which said the agree-l

' ment was “null and void."

Syria is expected in return to ask the rebel l
leaders in Lebanon to halt their war against i
Gemayel’s army while reconciliatoin folks are
held. A March 12 date for the talks has been
agreed upon, according to a Lebanese op-
position” leader.

 

 

 

Israel attacks bases

Beirut T
‘ (AP) lsraeli jets bombed a suspected guerrilla '
base in the mountains southeast of Beirut
Monday. while a French soldier was killed
and a US. Marine colonel wounded by gun-
fire in the capital.

The fighting came as President Amin
Gemayel called the caretaker Cabinet illto
session to start the legal process of scrapping
Lebanon's troop withdrawal pact with lsracl.
the state radio said.

Soviet elections held

Moscow
(AP)All but a handful of Soviet adults were
recorded as casting ballots in uncontested
parliamentary elections that gave voters a
chance to endorse 1,500 candidates
nominated by the Communist Party.

The party newspaper. Pravda. Monday
said the balloting was evidence of “the
triumph of our way of life."

Soviet television reported a 99.5 percent-
turnout Sunday in the Russian Republic,
which includes Moscow and is the most
populous of the Soviet republics. Similar tur-
nouts were reported elsewhere around the na-
tion.

The estimated I75 million eligible voters
are not obligated to go to the polls. but those

' who don’t can face censure at their jobs or
schools. Turnout has exceeded 90 percent for
the past 40 years, in part because local units
of the party mobilize to seek 100 percent tur-
nouts intheir districts.

Nationwide

Reagan meets Kohl

Washington, D. C.
(AP) President Reagan and West German
Chancellor Helmut Kohl met Monday to
discuss the new Soviet leadership and ways ol
avoiding a major rift in U.S.-European

 

 

 

economic relations.

During picture-taking sessions in the Oval
Office beforehand, the chancellor kept up a
lively conversation that made Reagan smile
repeatedly, but little of it could be overheard
by reporters.

Kohl seemed encouraged on Sunday by his
meeting three weeks ago with Soviet Com-
munist Party leader Konstantin Chernenko.
saying he was ‘ccrtain" Chernenko is a man
“who would not run any risk, who would not
engage in any adventures."

UAW to start talks

Detroit. Mich.
(AP) The United Auto Workers union is to
begin mapping strategy Tuesday for upcom-
ing contract' talks with the nation’s two big-

gest carmakers. with two union groups.

pushing for large pension increases.

 

, l . .
Detroit will be attended by about 2.500
‘delegates from across the country represen-

 

 

  

 

ting about l.5 million retired and active
union members from automotive, aerospace
and farm equipment industries and other
ﬁelds. I
The meetings are to prepare for talks with
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co.
before UAW contracts expire Sept. 14.

De Lorean faces trial

Los Ange/es, Calif.
(AP) After more than a year of legal wrangl-
ing, the cocaine-trafficking trial of former
automaker John 2. De Lorean is about to
begin with prospective jurors being asked to
reveal all they know about the case in 50-page
questionnaires. ‘
Although 200 people were to undergo tn-
itlal jury selection screening startnig Mon-
day, court ofﬁcials said the written take-

 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

home surveys would be given only to those
who say they could hear the expected six to
eight-week trial without hardship.

De Lorean. in seclusion at his New Jersey
farm with his family, was not expected in
court Monday.

The opening day of the trial comes more
than one year and four months after the

l
maverick sports car manufacturer was ur.

rested Oct. 19.l982. in a hotel near Los
Angeles international Airport and charged
with conspiring to distribute $24 lllillion
worth of cocaine.

The government claims the former General
Motors Corp. executive wanted the money to
save the failing Northern lreland complmy he
founded to make a distinctive, gull-winged

sports car.

   

 

Statewide

Factory to close

EIIenvi/Ie. N. Y.
(AP) Channel Master Corp., a manufacturer
of antennas and television components,
notified its approximately 400 employees
Saturday that it will clase its local operation
here before the end of the year to relocate in
North Carolina, according to its employees.

Company ofﬁcials made the announce-
ment Friday afternoon to a small group of
the company’s workers, according to Vincent
Dumond, a company employee. Attending
the meeting was the f'irm’s President
Sylvester Helerhey who flew up from North
Carolina. Dumond said.

"it was quite a shock." said Dumond.
who has worked at the plant for 32 years.
“They just told us the antenna business is go-
ing downand the operations here are no
longer necessary.”

Doctor frauds probed

New York City
(AP) A published report says federal and
state officials are investigating whether
thousands of people might be using false
credentials to work as doctors or seek
medical certiﬁcation in this country.
' The total number of people involved was
well over 3,000. a federal official - who asked
not to be identified - was quoted by Tile New
York Times Sunday as saying.

The largest concentrations of unqualified
medical personnel of applicants have been
found in,New York and California. the of-
ficial told The Times. investigations (“1'
reported under way in is states.

The newspaper said the anCSligtllln has led
Io dismissal of four doctors in New York and
the state has ordered cxaminiutions of the
credentials of another 200 medical {csltlcllix
in training at 31 facilities. The Timer said.

The nationwide investigation was sparked
by the US. Postal Service discovery last year
of extensive trafficking in fraudulent crudely
lials from certain Caribbean medical schools,
according to the report.

 

PREVIEW OF EVENTS ' '

Free listings

at 7:30 pm. at

donation Is requested.

from 4

 

8 pm.
Center's Recital Hall. The con-
Albany Feminist Forum will pre- 'cert features chamber music
sent a speech by Starhawk en- performed by Jill Levy, violinist
titled "Reclaiming our Power: and Adriana Contino. cellist,
Uniting the Spiritual and the both formerly of the Pittsburgh 455-6844.
Political" on Tuesday. March 13 Symphony Orchestra. The event
the First is sponsored by the SUNYA
Presbyterian Church on 362 Music Council.

State St.. Albany. A $3 to 6 “Women in the Peace Move- 12 pm. in
ment," is the subject of a film,
ASummer Program in Israel will discussion and gallery presen-
be discussed by Professor tatlon at the Schacht Fine Arts McLouth.
Yonah Alexander from SUC at Center on the Troy Campus of ‘
Oneonta on Thursday. March 8 Russell Sage College. The event
pm. to 6 pm. in the will occur on Friday, Marchsat
Humanities Building Room 290. .4 pm, and is part of Sage's
The meeting is sponsored by Women's History Week.

the Office of international Pro-Kappa Week will take place
grams. The program is ad- through March 11. A career
ministered by suc at Oneonta. night,
A Chow Music Concert will workshop,
take place on Friday, Merchant workshop and a bowling night

at the Performing Arts will occur during the week, certl for a variety of in-
whlch Is sponsored by Kappa struments.
Alpha Psi Fraternity |nc., Kappa
Rho Chapter. For morelnforma- Night, will
tion contact

electoral

Jawbone 1984 will present two
poets who will read their own
works. on Thursday. March 8 at
the Humanitiies
Building Room 354. The poets
are Gerry DlCarlo and Gary The Summer Planning

The University Community Orr
ehestra will perform its annual
Student Concert on Tuesday, Buuding Room 129.
March 6 at 8 pm. at the Perfor~
mlng Arts Center Main Theatre.
Seven SUNYA students will per-
procesa -iorm in the program which will
financial aids feature two operatic arias and Room 123,
movements from famouscon- Tempo"

8, from 8 pm. to 9:30 pm.

lerence registration deadline Is metal. The museum hours are
Thursday. March 15. Applica- ‘10 am. to 5 pm. weekdays and
lions and further Information
are available in Administration There is a $1 admission charge.

m4

 

“Class Wars.” formerly Comp March 8 from 6 pm. to 9pm.
be held In
Douglas at FlathskellaronThursday, March Center130.

and soda will be given to those will take place from March 10 to
wearing their class symbols. April 21 at the Schenectady
The event ls sponsored by the Museum, Nott Terrace Heighls
Purple and Gold and
classes of 1984, '85.'86.and '87. will feature handcrafted works

The Women's Tennis Team will deadlines are March 15 and
hold an interest meeting on March 31 respectively. Applica-
Wednesday March 7 at 4 pm. In tions for both of these financial
the Physical Education Building ’aid programs can be obtained in

'64 Auditions will take ministration Building Room 152a

place in the Campus Center
Ballroom through Thursday.

the Sign-up will occur in Campus

Pizza The Ninth Regional Craft Show

the in Schenectady. The exhibition

Con- In clay, glass, fiber, wood and

12 noon to 5 pm. weekends.

Pell Grant and TAP filing

the Office of Finaclal Aid in Ad-

 

  

 

 

~-—..-—..__.._..._..., g .

 

Democrats Concentrating on 

of organized labor, and the backing of the

Portland. Malne
(AP) Gary Hart Is on a political roll. adding
an upset victory in the Maine caucuses to one
in the New Hampshire primary, but Walter
F. Mondale and his managers insist they can
upend the upstart in the race for the
Democratic presidential nomination.

Hart claimed "another political miracle”
Sunday night. as complete returns from
Maine's 4l4 caucuses showed him with
almost 5i percent to Mondale's 44 percent.

Sen. John Glenn. former Sen. George

McGovern and the Rev. Jesse Jackson had
scattered support, bltt they had left the state-
and the spotlight - to Mondale and Hart.
- Hart, the Colorado senator. declared he
may "have brought a political juggernaut to
its knees" in the race for the Democratic
presidential nomination. "i love New
England," Hart told ll Massachusetts
Democratic Party dinner as the votes were
being counted in neighboring Maine.

He quickly rearranged his schedule in
hopes he could make his political momem-
tum migrate from New England to the South,
where a big round of primaries is upcoming.

After his loss in Maine’s caucuses the dif-
ficult question now t'or Mondale is whether
he has enough time to get his once-vaunted
campaign machine back on track before Hart
builds a string of primary and caucus vic-

L

lories that would make him the "inevitable
nominee." With Super Tuesday and its ll
caucuses and primaries only eight days away
Mondale must move quickly to get back into
the winner's column. His chosen weapon is
going to be direct attacks on Harland Hart's
record. a strategy he unveiled on Thursday.
"We are still fighting back. We have got a
long way to go." Mondale said after his
defeat.

Mondale now trails Hart among voters in
Massachusetts, where another key presiden-
tial primary is a week away, a Boston Globe
poll said.

The poll published in Monday editions
showed Hart with 41 percent to 29 percent
for Mondale among 6ll voters who said they
were either registered Democrats or in-
dependents and more likely to vote in the
March i3 Democratic primary here than in
the state’s Republican primary.

Glenn was third with l2 percent, followed
by McGovern and Jackson with 4 percent
each.

McGovern has said he will drop out of the
race it he doesn't finish in the top two in
Massachusetts.

The Massachusetts Presidential primary is
March l3.

Mondale and his men went to bed without
conceding defeat in Maine. 8 state where he

TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1984 o ALBANY sruotstvrme

out-spent and out-organized Hart and claim-
ed support from most of the major figures in
the Democratic Party establishment.

The former vice president said the results
actually demohslrated he had stopped the
momentum Hart gained with his New Hamp-
shire win last Tuesday, and said he would
'recapture the lead in the South on March l3.
3 Even so, Mondale's aides said they expect
‘Hart to win the next two contests. a non-
binding primary Tucsday in Vermont and
caucuses in Wyoming on Saturday with only
l2 delegates at stake.

They said they will concentrate their ef-
forts on “Super Tuesday" and insist they can
stop Hart that day in Georgia. Alabama and
Florida. -

“Walter Mondale will emerge from: Super
Tuesday as the clear delegate leader and
front-runner." Mondale's campaign
manager, Robert Rachel. said Sunday night.

Hart‘s aides say they have picked up sup-
porters from candidates who already have
dropped out of the race. and political sources
said fresh public opinion surveys show Hart
gaining ground in the South as well as
elsewhere.

Mondale's loss in the Maine caucuses - on
top of his upset loss to Hart in New Hamp-
shire - demonstrated that millions of dollars.
a feared campaign organization. all the help

 

 

party establishment do not necessarily add up

’to victory. Hart triumphed over Mondale, in
Maine with little money and much volunteer
help.

. ‘Organized labor in particular ﬁnds its

reputation for political power in tatters after

i Sunday. The AFL¢CIO has 60.0“) mem
' in Maine and the State affiliate of the Na

tional Education Association has abou
17.500. But those two groups - both solidly
behind Mondale - couldn't get enough of that
,77,000 member pool to the caucuses to top
Hart's vote total of just over 8,000.

Union help is still valuable and may be the
key to future Mondale victories in other
states where labor is better organized. But it
is the question of time that is most troubling
for Mondale. To begin with. the next seven
days aren't good ones. as Hart is supposed to
do well in the next two events - Vermont's
Vprimary on Tuesday” and the Wyoming
caucuses on Saturday. Then comes Super
Tuesday, with ll events and 5” national
convention delegates at stake.

Mondale is heading South Tuesday to cam-
paign in Florida. Georgia and Alabama.
where he was the clear leader in most polls

El

before the recent losses. '

UAS Board to decide on 7.3 percent rate increase

By Michelle Busher
and Jim O‘Sulllvan

Tile University Auxiliary Services Board of
Directors will vote Wednesday on :1 proposed
7.3 percent rate bike for student lllL‘ill plans.

At their meeting last Friday. the holth
postponed this decision, but did decide to sell
Mohtlwk Clllllpus and Glen House, which is
ll Iti-bctiroonl building at Camp Dippiklll.

UAS gencrul nlunuger lé. Nolbcrl 7.:thm
said at the meeting llltll if the increase is
adopted, a breakfast. lunch. and dinner meal
plan wilng up $370 per senycslcr and a lunch
nn'tl dinner plan “in illCrcusc‘SM per
sclllcsler.

“Some sort ol (lulu) inert-use will be
necessary." UAS l’lt;sidellt .Iollzulnu Surrnc-
Co said. The Illillil reason for n rate hike. she
explained. is that the slate is raising the sur-
charge oll ttlility rules, which necessitates tll
Icasl a 2.4 percent incrcusc. '

in addition. Stirracco said, next year‘s
school calendar requires UAS to serve meals
six more days Illilll this year.

Anolllcr factor, Snrrucco explained, is that
the costs of food and services have risen. and

that to offset this inflation, UAS must raise'

its rules.

The I984 utility surcharge is $249,272.
Zallm said. up from last year's $l35,0|2.
Next year’s proposed surcharge will be
$393,300. he added.

Zahm explained that the state bills UAS

 

' Left: signpost at Camp Dippikfll: Right: E. Norbert Zahm

,. W3 “.5!
b’isl {ii
w-

3",]:
. ' ' ‘ HMS}
“355‘. his.

, .EY' T
‘ QlPPlKlLL‘RM
1"“ 0 5E

  

 

 

U/l S voter! Friday to sell Glen House at Di/lpiki/l.

 

 

 

for its electricity ill a complicated formula
that includes a state surcharge and also takes
.into account the amount ol‘squarc footage of
UAS facilties.

“Most of (the proposed increase) goes for
.just the normal inflationary operating ex-
penses." Zahm said. He added that the costs
of food, paper products, and insurance had
all gone up since last year.

Zahnl_said that although the entire cor-

poration budget is due ill May. lllc residence
hall food budget must be eonlplclcd Ihis
month so that tile SUNYA administration
'ctln print next year's catalogs with the costs
of student meal plans. “That has to be done
in advance...so people will know what they
will pay when they come to Albany llcxt
ycar.“ Zuhm emphasized.
Glen House to he sold
. According to Zahm tile sale of Glen

 

House. which is owned by University Aux-
iliary Services (UAS). has been under discus-
sion for several years.

SA President Rich Schaffer has said that
,lhe facilities at Glen House are no longer
needed due to modernizations at Dippikill.

Schafl‘er said llle proposal to sell the Glen
House was developed by Rich Nelson, the
director of Camp Dippikill, and that

. '9,

Debate shows pros, cons of drinking age plans

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS

Betty Martin

 

TOWN/f 1/” W-‘f-V' Vic/inn Stri'l‘t'r the "nut. .
v -‘ .u .. . . .r u t . - r .orr t, r -' 11:. 1.....4" lug-I.

Caryn Mlske
STAFF Il’RII'ER

Facts, statistics nlld opinions were
bzlntercd back and forlll Thursday night at a
debate discussing the virtues and drawbacks
of raising the drinking age to 2].

Proponents for raising the drillking age
were: the director of RID (Remove intox-
icated Drivers) frotn Albany, Doris Ackin;
llhncn College professor Loius Munch; and
Betty Martin. whose daughter was killed ill
an alcohol related crash.

Those arguing for retaining the drinking
age at 19 included: Student Association for
State Universities (SASU) member Hope
Grlislcr; tile Long Branch owner Robert
Boor; and Tavern Association member Roll
Wolherspoon.

Martin opened the tlcbnlc, giving a brief
historical perspective on Illc drinking age.
Sllc pointed out llltll the drinking age was 2i
ttrllil l97l when the 26th anlcndlllenl was
passed extending the voting age to ill. Soon
after, many states lowered Illcir drinking age.

“Out of the 29 states that lowered their
drinking age. 19 of the states have increased

the age because of the significant increase in.

car .crashes‘among’tlle young,“ she stated.

the most are lllc victims of drtlnk drivers.
“Tile decision to drink precludes lllc decision
to drive. There is no appeal for those who
die. This is it denial of a fundamental civil
liberty," declared Marlin.

Boor presented a counter-argument say-
ing, “the emotional tactics of Martin
shouldn't be used to rtllc logic." He said than
nco-prohibitioll. a social and political
thought aimed at alcoholic consumption con-
trol for society as a whole. denies individuals
llleir rights.

in tile 1970's there was a teen population
explosion due to tile baby boom of the 50's,
he explained. “Crushes increased not because
of alcohol, but because of tile increase ill teen
population." snid Door. Although Michigan
reported a decrease ill crashes, Minnesota
and Massachusetts experienced an increase in

'crashes after they raised their drinking age,
he noted. “Each sltlle is unique. ll is er-
_l'oncous to attribute a decrease ill crashes to
merely one source," said Boor.

He nlainlaincd that because the young are
healthy. if is not surprising that accidents are
the prime killers of l6-2l year olds, The

. young are involved itl more accidents because
.of their inexperience behind the wheel. rlot

l Ackin attacked Boor's argument saying.
"‘lhere is no merit ill protecting industry at
:lllc expense of public health.” She pointed
out that the liquor industry made $24 billion
ill revenue last year. "The liquor industry
was against raising the drinking age to 19.
(They would rather have prolil than a low
death rate," declared Ackin.
' According to the 1984 Gallup poll. 77 per
jecnl of the public supports tlle raising of the
,drinking age, Ackin noted. She added that.
WRID has no other motivation than to pre-
.vent injuries in the fairest way possible. if
New York raised its drinking age other
'border states would follow suit."
Contending that lllrce out of every ten
drivers are drunk and speeding she insisted
that immediacy is imperative if lives are to be
saved. She added that Governor Mario
Cuomo said that 75 lives could be saved this
year if the drinking age were raised.
I Gaisler presented a common argument
about rigltts. She asserted that persons bet-
ween the ages of iii-20 are bound by a social
contract of obligations and are expected to
assume the responsibilities of adulthood.
Y‘Tlley are able to have a drivers license, vote,

. g I . mgelcredit; be jailed. marry. divorce. wong
Mﬂr‘tl'riﬂi'llglillgtlltittlrlllut [licho‘ll'C‘Slgll'Qgull“....,.lJCCiIuSC ot‘;lntoxication.dleexplained.1. . ..  ' ' ‘ " ’  ' '

.2 W,

:.:_‘.~..‘.x.. ..:'  .. .. .  ..  . c .15

"may. «ﬂamingos» g

 

