 

 

 

 

 

.
x
1
Fl
5

3s. St

 

L

 

 

MARCH 9. I984

 

1983-84: a year to build On for the Great Danes

the end of the game and gave the ball to Croutier who hit the pressure foul shots. Sure
' Ursprung had a very good game against CCNY. bttt they proved to be one of the weakest

By Keith Marder

ASSOC/A TE SPOR TS EDITOR

The 1983-1984 edition of the Albany State Great Dane varsity basketball team' provided us
with a little bit of everything. They gave us the expected as well as the surprises. At times they
provided us with very intense play while at other times the play was lackluster.

The Expected:Thc thing that can be counted on most‘ front year to year is that the Danes
will have a non-losing season. With a l4~tt record, Albany compiled their 29th straight non-

losing season under Head Coach Dick
Sauers. ‘

Before the season started. Sauers spoke
about his strengths and weaknesses. Among
the strengths, he mentioned his starting
backeottrt players. juniors Dan Croutier and
Dave Adam. They were the perfect pair;
Croutier was the ball handler who could con-
trol the tempo of a game as well as anyottc.
and Adam would provide perimeter offense
with his deadly shooting touch.

Arriong the weaknesses. Sauers mentioned
his centers and their ability to score from in-
side. Thrce players were vying for the job left
by the graduation of .tohn Dieckclman. All
three had sotne qualities that the others did
not. bill at the satire time they were lacking at
sortie facet of the game. Pete Gosulc gave tlte
Danes height and a player with an abundance
of court smarts. 0ng Hart gave tltc Danes
their strongest inside player and transfer
John Mracek added scoring at the position,
but most of his points came facing the
basket.

 

ur‘. ‘

teams Albany would face all season.
in the Buffalo State game. the Danes. according to Sauers. beat one of their toughest op-
ponents of the year. Buffalo State went on to be the eventual winner of the SUNYAC lttttrnn-
ment. This win raised Albany's record to 6-2 while it gave Buffalo their first loss against a
Division III team and their second overall (the other one was to a Division I team).

 

These predictions proved to be prophetic
as Croutier lead the team in assists with I78
for a 7.l average and Adam was the team
leader in the shooting percentage department
at 53 by hitting 127 out of his 239 attempts.

Another expected factor concerning
Croutier was that other teams keyed on stop-
ping him, especially Plattsburgh. who put a
very physical player on him in a box and one.
Croutier also characteristically took the most
foul shots on the team, “0. Croutier is the
ball handler, especially at the end of close
games; when other teams would foul him

down the stretch. he would almost always
can the foul shots. He hit 64 out of his last 68
foul shots in the second half of games.

Adam came through and became the
shooter that Sauers expected him to be.
Adam was the only Dane to shoot over 50
percent. He hit l27 of his 239 attempts for 53
percent and nearly doubled last year's
average with “.2.

“in the second half of the season teams
concentrated on him.“ said Sauers commen-
ting on his zone-busting guard. “After the
Montclair and (second) Union games. teams
concentrated on him.

Junior Jan Zadoorian provided the team
with hustle and fine defense.

“He gave us a lot of good defensive games

in the firSt half of the season," said Sauers.

The Surprises: When the category of plea-
sant surprises comes to mind, one would to
start their list off with Adam Ursprung. The
6’4” forward with springs for legs was the
leader in rebounding with a 6.6 average.
Ursprnng also scored 9.6 points per game and
compiled 46 assists for a very well-rounded
year.

“Adam, for a freshman." said Sauers.
“had a very good year."

Another nice surprise was the offense .lohn
Mrztcck provided as a substitute. Mracek
averaged 6.2 points in just 14.6 minutes each
night.

Said Sauers, “Mracck provided lots of
games with good scoring off the bench."

"John played two real big games for us."
said eo-captain Adam. “He had 17 against
Cortland and 12 iii the next game against
Hamilton."

Near the end of the season. Doug Kilmer

emerged as a very good substitute in the bnckconrt as he gained confidence in his game. At the ing,

outset of the season. Kilmer was a very tentative player. Brit as time wctit on. he would take
open shots and give the Danes another perimeter weapon.
Another pleasant surprise was the way that Croutier toned his act down on the court.

“Danny really matured on the court." said Sauers. “He had far fewer turnovers this year our heads,"

than he did last year."

The Intense Games: The Danes played three games which could fall under this category: the
Capital District Tournament Championship win over Union; the Great Dane Classic victory
over Buffalo State; and the 62-56 overtime win over Potsdam.

Against Union. Albany showcased their ‘surprise.’ Ursprung pulled down key rebounds at

 

co maussren urs
Juntor guard Dan Croutler was the Danes' team leader In assists, as well as belng
the second high scorer on the team with an 11.7 average.

Potsdam is Albany‘s fiercest modern day
rival. The Danes hung tough and forced the
game into overtime. The Danes came out
smoking in the overtime and received strong
play frotn Ursprung and senior co-captain
Wilson Thomas. the team's high scorer with
a 12-point average. The Danes virtually
dominated the overtime, winning the game
62-56.

The Luckluster Game A rnidscasott
stretch that lasted four games showed that
the Danes were 'npablc of having a par-
ticularly off night. Albany lost to Rl’l.
Potsdam, I’ltrttsburgh’ and liirrghrutiton.
which severely darkened Albany's plrryotf
hopes.

Perhaps the worst of these losses was to
l’lattsburgh. who ended up 2-8 in conference
play and provided Cortland witlt its only vic-
tory on the season. It wtth very rough game.
With |:47 rctnaining in the game. there was it
beticli cl "ning brawl; evcti some of the l’ltrtt-
sburgh fans joined iii the melee.

lit the course of three games. the l’l:tll~
sburgh witt at home. tltc loss to liittghrunton
and the first l’ltrttsbitrglt grunc. Albany shot rt
paltry 74-204 for 36 percent.

“We w -re getting a lot of good shots."
said Saucrs after the first Plattsbttrgh game.
“We have to be able to hit lltosc shots."

Thc‘scason had the predictable surprises.
good games and bad games. but as always.
Saucrs put it best when he said. “The season
was just up and down."

After the fourth loss. the Danes' record
was l0-9. making the string of Sattcrs' llUll~
losing seasons scem possibly near an end. it
was not ttntil Albany b ‘ttl Plattsburgh. 5l-44.
at University Gym on February 8. anti
Potsdam on the |()th that a winning season
seemed definite for the Datics.

This modest two-game winning streak not
only improved their record. bttt it also tllt'tlsl
Albany back into the playoff picture.

A subsequent loss to Oneonta on February
15 pttt the Danes' SUNYAC tournament
hopes to rest. This marked the first titnc that
Albany was shirt out of the tournament.

The next two games showed that the Danes
had not lost pride. They b ‘at Cortland.
84-7l. on February l8 and tlten bcat a very
tough Hamilton learn, (is-Sit. three tlttys
later.

“We stuck together as a tcttrii all year."
said (inside. “That will definitely lipr us in
the future."

Beating Hamilton impressed the liL‘AC
committee to the point that they decided to
make their upstate New York tournament at
l'ive~tcam ' r this year.

Albany faced liinghamton for the third
time this year. The Colonials took the rttbbct

 

 

 

I game, 46-44. itt a contest that saw both lctttlls

show the effects of takittg five practice days
off since their respective last games. 'l he
score at halftime of this dismal game wrw
l6-16.

Other players were vital in the outcome ol
the Danes‘ season. Brian Kattpila and Jim
Jones botlt filled in very well when they were
needed.

Said Sttucrs. “lirian ltelpcd keep the slitlth
out). When he was otrt there he wouldn‘t hurt
you."

Witii their season over and tituc to reflect.
the Danes were not satisfied with their show

"i was disappointed because i thought we would have progressed more,“ said tiosulc.
“Over January we were lO-S and then we lost five in a row. We lost something, mnybe a litth
intensity. The wins over the big teams like Buffalo State. Union anti lthttcn may ltavc gone to

“l have to be disappointed," said Adam. who along with Thomas. did a good job :15 WP-
tain. “Our expectations were higher than we really got". ‘

AS “if as net“ year 8095. Albany does have many fine prospects on the junior varsity squad.
Saucrs Is also looking to recruit players to help improve the team next year.

13>

 

  

VOLUME LXXI

PUBLISHED AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY‘ OF NEW YORK AT-

ALBANY
STUDENT
PRESS

 
    

   

TueSday
' March 1 3, 1984

NUMBER 12

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Student groupsrenew efforts for women ’s safety

Petitions circulated A

backing escort service

By Jlm O'Sulllvan
It'llllfllf/rll. ANSISDINT

Nearly 500 people have signed a petition
calling for the SUNYA administration to
support the proposed “Don‘t Walk Alone"
Escort Service Program.

Chairperson of the New York Public lll-
tcrest Research Group’s Wotnens Issues Pro-
ject at SUNYA. Theresa Knorr. said the
group is sponsoring the pctition. “This is our
way of supporting it (Don't Walk Alone)."
she said.

“We‘re not really satisfied with the efforts
the adniinstr'ation has made to protect
women." Knorr said. adding that the group
did not feel the Illuc Light Fntcrgcncy Phone
System provided enough security.

 

TltL‘ Blue Light Emergency l’hom‘ System 'Chalr ot NYPIRG Women's issues Project Theresa Knorr

ctiahlcs callers to report ctriergency situations
to campus police from l2 phones locatcd itt

“ll'c'rc not sully/led with lltt‘ (fl/hm I/tt- tIt/lll/Ilt\lltllltlll /Itl\ Illtlt/t' It) pro/t

 

I tmmrw. "

SASU draftsproposal -

for campus task forces

By Atlcla Clmbora
s mrr lt'R/IISR

Under a newa drafted proposal frotn the
Student Association of the State University
(SASU). all SUNY campuses would be re-
quired to sct rtp a Women's Safety ’l‘ttsk
l‘tllt't'. rirodelcd after the ctrrrcrrt program at
SLINYA, according to SASU Women‘s
('tttictrs (‘o-cltttit Sharon Maliar.

SASU l’rcxidcnt .lirn 'l'icrney said he hopes
to submit the proposal to the SUNY Board ot
lrnstccs at their Mtttclt 27th meeting.

the “th torccs. would “ensure that SUNY
uni\crsitie~ uphold a safe cuvit‘oiuncnt." in
which "all worrictt tntty study and work sttfc<
ly‘.“ according to S SU's proposal.

"\k'otricn‘v stilcty is simply being ignored.
That just has to stop." Tierney asserted.
'l'icrncy said the proposal does not irrclttdc
any estimate of expenses. Administrators. he

LYNN DNIFUS UI‘S

isolated areas across SUNYA‘s uptown and
downtown campuses. The phones are directly
tied into the Public Safety Building, exploiti-
ed Director of Public Safety .litn Williams.

A pilot program of the Don't Walk Alone
liscort Service was operated for ttpproxittmte-
ly one month last semester, and over 400
students were escorted from Dutch Quad to
the library or front the library to all points on
the uptown campus in that time.

According to Dan Altman. a director of
the pilot program. the proposal calls for the
university totpurchase some form of iden-
tification for escorts. such as jackets or caps.

The proposal also requests an office itt the
Campus Center. because of thtrt building's
central location, and for a phone and office
equipment. Altman said the total amount of
funding requested was betwceti $2,000 and
$5,000.

Altntan said he supports the petition. “We
do need some pressure 1 think to be ptrt on
the adminstration for funding or support.“
he said.

He also wondered about the apparent lack
of enthusiasm for the project on the ad-
minstration‘s part. especially after the media
attention the pilot program received last

scniestcr.“l‘iii sure you have to he withiti tltc
little circle of control to know why." Altman
said.

“i don't think we’ve gotten the support we
expected to from certain people - the ad-
ministration mainly." be. stated.

1 think the university has looked on this
very favorably and ljust don‘t know why this
hasn't been made part of the apparatus of thc
university yet." he added.

Vice President for Student Affairs Frank
Pogue said he was aware of the petition but
had not seen it. and explained that no action

said. could littd the necessary funds from
maintenance. grunts. seminars. arid other ac»
counts.

the objectiv es of the task forces to cditcate
mctubcrs ot the Univt'csity comtnunity about
\vtitttcn's safety and to study. document. and
make rccornntcndations directly to univcristy
presidents regarding women‘s safety issucs.
the proposal said.

SASU‘s guidelines outline reccommcndtr
tions for the evaluation of areas such as
lighting standards. centralized evening class
ltictttltttts. outdoor phones hooked directly to

 

By Rick Swanson

The young Colorado Senator accused of being aloof and
naive has suddenly risen to the top of the pack after striking
four fast blows itt four states to the seemingly ttnconquerable
Mondale campaign.

Gary Hart was virtually unknown as a,presidcntial can-
didate prior to the first Democratic debate which preceded
the town caucuses. But. apparently. as a result of his ex‘
posure through the televised debate. the
47-year-old senator gained popttlarity as the 
best alternative to former vice president _

Analysrs

Walter Mondale.

After the New Hampshire primary, in
whttt was termed tt political “prttric fire." support swelled
llttl’l'x I‘ruor ill Maine. Vermont. and Wyoming leading to
easy \ictorics it] all those states.

lltu't's victory left political experts and polltttkcrs alikc
wondering how Mondale was defeated iIt till tour states llt.‘
was expected to take.

After llart‘s unexpecch triumph in New Hampshire.
Mondalc's ‘rtnqucstionahtc front-runner titlc seernctl no
longer \illltl.

'l'hc typically unpredictable New Hampshire voters tip-
parcritly igtiorcd the New York 'l'itncs/(‘llS poll rcsults
released oti tltc day of Ncw lltlmpsllit‘c's ptinunv. 'l'lte ntt-
tionwidc poll showed Mondale to tune the b' I lead of
any candidate running iii the presidential print

The radical New lltrtnpshirc tlL'\\\[)i|Dt.'l'. 'I‘ln- Ullltlll
Lt‘tlllt'l', sharply criticized six of thcciglit major candidates its
not being fit for presidency. lcaiing orily' Hurt and Jesse
Jackson unscathed.

'l‘ltc ttc\t tht'cc \lttl\'\ followed New llillilpsllllt."\ example
by choosing not to vote for Mondale. the candidate already
chosen by tile All-(TU.

llttt'l tiow has tltc momentum to wiit big at today's Super
'l'ucsday primaries w het'c nine states will vote for their choice
for the next Democratic candidate for president. The focus
will be on Georgia. l’lorida and Alabama. three Southern
states Motidalc was thought to have in his pocket.

Recent polls iri those stttlcs show lltirt to have a narrow

  

 

lead over Mondale. Approximately 3‘) percent of those ex-

Support for Hart Snowballs after primary upsets

pcctcd to vote favor Hart. with 32 percent supporting Moti—
dale. ~

Up to now, Hart has defied all “professional” predictions
and poll—tttkcrs' results. winning votes on a campaign based
or) what he calls “New ideas." Calling fora “new generation
of leadership.“ lltrrt is appealing to ttll those yearning for a
change. especially the younger voters.

Hart is calling on voters to think of the race as u ticw \L'l'-
sus old contest rather than tr liberal vct'sus co.. .cryatiie racc.

“To understand this election." llttt‘l said in a New )'urk
Titirav intctwicw. “you have to get otrt ot the linear. left-right
spectrum. This is not it left-right race. this is it futnrc~ptrst
race.“

Recent polls in Georgia,
Florida and Alabama Show

Hart 10 have a narrow lead

over Mondale.

 

lltnt still remains a tnyxtery to many \otcrs, including
those who intend to role for llllll. Some of his \tltipiittcls srry
they are not sure why they like him, brtt tltcy \tt) they feel he
will. its president, tcptcscltl them better than Mondale. who
has been endorsed by labor lcutlcts.

Senate Majority lender llowtttd ll. linker .lr.. (R»|'cnu.l.
said of Hart, “l Ic's sort of ttloot. brrt ltc wotks well within
corriniittces and the Senate in it \er traditional way.“

.«\ccotding to Senator llob Dole, (R-Kunstwi. lltrrt remains
at rnyslcty to t.'\‘ctt his colleagues. “I don‘t know anybody
who lxtttiws him very well." he said.

ltitlil_\"x nine contests may well decide tltc final outcome of
tire Democratic presidential ptinttuy. lt'thc momentum of his

 

. 15’ 15>

four recent \lL‘llttlL‘\ continues to roll on. Hart will be con
sidcred the undisputed front-runner. lfMondrtlc wins at lcttsl
four of the states. llll\\L‘\t‘l. he will still be it strong cott-
tcndcr'.

After winning itt New Hampshire. l-lart stlitl he sth the
contest irow to be a two man race. it may be considered just
that — a race between Hurt and Reagan. l

   

— ~ 

 

ED MARUSSICH UPS
Democratic Presidential hopetut Gary Hart

 

Httl'l is tt/rpt'rI/I'IILl Iu Illtlll‘l' ,t'otutt: t'ttlt'l't.

 

 

 

