 

 

 

 

  
    
  
 
   
  
    
  
   
    
 
  

 

   

  
 
 
  
   

EDITORIAL 

the following is a simulation:
Albany Student Press: Hello, could yott'lcll us
anything about incident X? .
Resident Assistant: No; Speak to my superior.
Albany Student Press-Could you tell us
anything about incident X?
Residence Director. No. Speak to someone at
Residential Life. ' '
Albany Student Press: Could you tell us
anything about incident X?
Someone at Residential Life: No. Speak to my
superior.
'Albany Student Press: Could you tell its
anything about irtcident X? ‘
Director of Residential Life: No.
l appears that Residential Life has set off-on some
sorttof vendetta against the ASP. As the doors of
communication are slammed time after time in the
faces of our reporters. an unprovoked and un-
necessary antagonism is being born, whose real and
final victim is the strident body of this university.
it is now clear that sonteonc at the top of the ladder
at Residential Life has made a conscious and arbitrary

 

Slamming the deer

decision to cut that office off from the eyes and cars of
the ASP. Everyone from RA's tip to university of~

ficials have been singing the same fruitless tune: “no

comment."

Tlte latest round of frustration has sprung from our at-

tempts to provide tliorouglt. balanced coverage of the

controversy surrounding a recent State Quad party

(see story. p.l). At every level. we were greeted with

the same broken record, the wasteful non-response.

Last semester, Residence staff on Alumni Quad
would not say a word to us as we tried to report on a
fire in the Sayles dorm. . ,

The only result of this absurd and irrational
behavior is to undermine the balance and accuracy of
tire ASP's coverage of many cttmpus events. Residen-
. tial Life has become a dead end for ASP reporters,
who become exiled into a frustrating world of one-
dimcnsional journalism. Even the most basic factual
information is denied us.

The significance of this absurdity is ntucli greater
titan an annoyance to ASP reporters. The policy is
clearly a form of censorship. information is being con-
sistently and consciorrsly withheld which rightfully

 

belongs in the‘public domain. An adtttlnislt'tttivc
is controlling both the fact and opinion whic
the newspaper.

This policy is an attack on the freedoms oft-v r-
siou and the press. Such an attitttdc hurts the L‘tltll t1».
and every student on it. Information which stuch]?
have a right to is being denied thcrtt. ls

And the height of the insanity is that this opprmiv.
policy comes from the people who are most closely he;
to our daily lives. The people who should be \l'ill'iilllt
to enrich the awareness and activities of tltc studentsL
That's what tltcy’rc paid for. instead, thcy ltttvc her-ti
forced by some absurd decree to retreat behind ll wall
of silence and secrecy. taking with them facts which
belong on the public record for all students to m-

Wlty Residential Life feels compelled to censor and
cheat the students is a mystery. Brit it is it shtiriic lllill
for no apparent reason. the effectiveness of mi;
newspaper is being undermined.

The ASP only wishes to provide the most pt'ril'gg.
sional. accurate arid complete coverage of Ihc ltttlt‘cl‘xi-
ty. This state of affairs is serving no ouc‘s ltttctcvtv
wltilc hurting everyonc's. There ntttst be u bcticr will
for both Residential Life and the ASP to L‘SL'illlL‘ this
needless conflict and perform their jobs in coopcrzi.

tion. not antagonism. Let's find it.

group
I‘ 1;” into

 

 

 

COLUMN

Trying to please all

The Unit'crsr‘ty (‘oncci't llotirrl is qudstioricd daily as to up-
corttirtg bands and why can't we get the ------ —-'.' Who's corti-
iilg for ('clcbrtttioti I084? Why can‘t you get anybody good?
These and other problems ill'L‘ Itlccrl by one of the largest SA
llllltll.‘(l groups on this campus. U(‘ll ztttrucks over 25.000
people to its events over lllt' course of one school year. it
worlld appear qititc c\‘ltlL‘lll that many individuals itltcnd
U(‘li sponsored events.

@ug Kahan _|

Why then do people complain? One could say that in-
dividuals have different music tastes and that cveryoilc
would prefer tlteir favorite band. no ntattcr ltow big they are.
to play in the campus ccntcr ballroom. Maybe people are not
satisfied with shows that arc small enough to fit into the
Palace Theatre, such as Joe Jackson, The Pretenders, The
band, Santana, Jerry Garcia, and John Cougar Mellcncamp,
just to name a few. What are people interested in seeing? i
can not believe that people will always complain unless UCli
presents The Who or The Rolling Stones or Bruce Springs-
teen. What then is UCB supposed to do? The Concert Board
is a campus organization that is here to benefit the students.
Without UCB Joe Jackson and the Stray Cats would not
have been sold out to students only. UCB presents Celebra-
tion. Where else could one attend a U2 or a Squeeze concert
and drink beer and eat all day. With all these ac-
complishments i can only believe that students must ap-
preciate UCB and the people that spend countless hours pro-
ntoting such large-scale entertainment. lliit thcic is always
the complaincr. The one wito wltittes and pttlcs because his
favorite band is not pltrying at SUNY. l ltopc that these l'cw
individuals realize tltc scope of UCB's work and the mrurv
students who are happy with tltc concerts they have attended.

On Tuesday March 13th a letter was written in the ASP
about UCB. 1 would like to address some of "name witltltcld
by request" concerns and the rationale behind the University
Concert Board and its inner workings.

Yes. the University Concert Board is here at SUNY for the
benefit of the entire student body. the 14,000 students consist
of individuals with different interests, different hobbies. arid
certainly different musical tastes: The University Concert
Board tries to entertain as many students as possible. This
means that a variety of entertainment is' needed on our
diverse campus. We try very hard to satisfy the interests of
Reggae. Jazz. Contemporary, and Rock as well as that small

'diverse group that enjoy new music. New Music is all good
and well but in the past two years upcoming groups such as

 

_ Aztec Camera and the Bongos, which were featured by UCll.

'only attracted small audiences. The 200 students who
witnessed that show saw two great new bands, brit what
about the other 13,800 students here at SUNY Albany? it
would seem quite unfair to do another small show in this .
vein. We are not a cliib trying to maintain the same audience
every show. i fall to see how any reasonable person could
agree with additional concerts specifically for this rnintite att-
dience. We are trying to bring to the University what people
already prefer. We call not entertain this small rttiriority at
the expense of the other 90 percent of our strident body.

in November of 1983 the University Concert [lorird had ti
survey filled out by students. Tltc results are based on a poll
of 5,000 students. 60 pcreeitt of the students favored bigger
ntorc well-known musical groups. 30 percent of the students
requested more diversity. including Reggae. .lrtzl, rind Coir-
temporary. Over tltc past two years UCli has ztttcniptcrl to,
cater concerts to as many students as possible. Our past six
xllllwli have shown enormous musical diversity. 250 students

attended the Bootleg licutlcs, 1,000 Pat Mctltctty, 1.200 Hilly
lrlol. 1,500 Thc Band. 400 Eddy Grant, and 200 Aztcc

(‘iimcra and tire liortgos. i find tltc new music show to bc iii

the lowest demand. As for our upcoming concerts, ille

students will rutcnrl thc Rnrnoitcs and 2.000 will attend the

Wl‘l',\’.lt)(t gcrirc sltttw ot' .lohn Cougar Mcllcncrtmp. l

\lllCCl'L‘lV bclicvc that this displays concerts for Its mttnv dif-

ferent students its possible. '

(hit survey also indicated that 50 percent of ottr student
body listens to Wt’vx-toe, rriorc than any other station.
while 91 FM, 92 Fly, 99WGFM. and WQBK-104 share equal-
ly the other half of our students. Most students only go to
ortc or two concerts at year and tltcy overwhelmingly prel'er'
shows ltcld iii the Palace Theatre or the Gymnasium to
smaller. less popular club type concerts. As for Joe Jackson
and the Stray Cats, both were highly popular shows and cer-
tainly do not fit into the Aztec Camera/Bongos or Echo and
the Bunnyntcn/Lci‘s Active category. I am certainly aware '
ol what Union College is presenting. But the facts show that
they held Eddy Grant and Billy idol concerts after UCB and
are only featuring Echo and Let's Active. Madness, and the
Thompson Twins because they can not attract enough
students to support shows like UCB's upcoming John
Cougar Mcllcncamp or a Pat Methcny or a Band concert
would attract. l pcrsonally enjoy the new music very muclt
but reality displays that the demand is not quite as hi it a;
other more established hands. . l g ‘

_To answer the question about funding put forth by “name
withheld upon request." 1 can only say that we have to make
as pcrccnl of what we spend. This is not undire pressure front
SA but only the facts of life. Besides attracting more than the-
usual number of students. The Band and Billy idol sitowsl

took in 90 and 95 percent of tile expcnscs int-intuit, litlllt

 

( ottgrtr Mcllcricuittp should also take in 95 pcrccni or II t m
 lltc reason is trot financial problem» llll' illlt' oi
gr 'illL‘t' putrotingc to n more tlcsircd concert. I can not .tt'lr‘t'

with spending $10,000 on it new music group ill.ll .ttti.t;t loo
students versus u $20,000 show that attracts 2.000 .tutlcno
l’rioritcs and qtttttttity littvc to go to thc grciitvr llIllllltt'l oi
students. Of coursc, not till the time, but llltilt' Illlt'll hut
not.

My friends. rlcw music is not-in thettuijorit) lll~i tL‘l. i
hope you realize the concerns of tire Ulll\c‘t'\1i\ (ottvctt
Board to the entire student body and not ju$t to your 1015
percent. People ltcrc ill UCB do not get paid iutrl \\tlll. c\-
trerncly hard putting on concerts for SUNY Albany. \\ C \tlxll
to entertain as many of our fellow students to inmihli‘. i
hope “name withheld upon request" will conic iiilk to lllc.
UCE wants input from as many students as possible. l'ht-rc ix
nothing more 'annoying than someone ctiticl/tng illl
organization and hiding behind a pen. We ilti.‘ opcri-iniutlvrl
and can only improve by hearing opinions up front. (tilt
meetings are lteld in the Campus Center Assembly lizlli tit Ill
p.m. every Monday. Please come and participate and ol‘L‘"
your ears to ntorc than your l'rierrds'opinioris. Your ncgtuitc
attitude is unjustified and shows lack of knowledge about the
music industry, SA, your fellow students, and illc littttctxtll'
Concert Board. Please get in touch with us rlit'ccil) i| .Wlt
have concerns about UCB. Being afraid to bc HP l’ti'tll tltlt‘
not help UCB or yourself in any way.

 

Tlte art/liar irfittt'slting ltlii'w'ccuml term as L'lltlll'llltlll oi l ’( ‘Ii.

 

\\
1 ﬁlm i

 

  

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 LETTERS .

Clean election

To the Edltor:

Election time is here again at SUNY Albany. Very soon the
candidates for the many offices available for next year will
bring the might of their campaign publicity down upon their
fellow students. Speeches will be made. debates will be held.
turd of course the awesome poster war will bcgiit. in past
ycars some candidates inevitably find it necessary to tear
down and cover tip the posters of olltcr candidates. llur
before the familiar pattern is set this year i would like to i|p~
peril to the candidates to rc~think their strategy. Lct us as
“Student leaders” rise above these unethical practices that
have consistently left a black mark oit our past elections. I
urge students to become involved and rtrri for office. But lets
make this year's election free from the controversy that has
become tltc rttle. not tltc exception for our student elections.
As candidates let its nrcscnt ottr ideas and coals in tin ethical
tvii r; as “student leaders" let us now begin to erase tltc
black marks of the past.

—'l‘im llttllock

Gross inaccuracies

To the Editor:

in rcsponsc to Jason Fricdmrttt‘s March. lfith column iii
the ASP we would like to point out some gross inaccuracies
that were presented.

Mr. Friedman referred to Gary Hart ilS coming “out of
\it'tttttlly nowhere to challenge Waller Mondale." Obvioust
Mr. Friedman is making it judgement without adequate
knowledge of Senator lltirt's tllllkltttltliltg career in public
scI'Vicc. Senator 1-lart wot'kctl on tile John 1‘, KL‘illtctl) cutti-

'y pttigu. and worked with Robert Kcttncdy iii the Justice

department during the I960's. lll 1974 he was elected to Iltc
Uttitcd States Scuttle, "and has served on many important

comrtiittccs including the Armed Services Committee.
9.

 

Mr. rlcrlmttti claims “(l'lill'l'sl rticssngc is \U broad and
tttispccific thrit volch interpret it to suit tltcritsclvcs." This
suggests -that Mr. l-r‘icdmtut did not bother to do rttuch
iLSL‘llTCli before writittg his article. Senator lltll‘l bus propos-
ctl ti specific agenda for the future of this country which he

aspects

Ell-bllsllod In 1018
David L.L. Lukln. Editor in Chlel
Pattlcll Mitchell, Managing Editor

 

Stove Fox. Holdl Gralla
Jerry Comptono
. . . John Keenan

News Edllorl . . . . . . . . . . . . ..
Aslnclllc Now: Editor
ASPocto Editor . . . . . . . . . .

 

 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

Allocllla ASPocII Editor . Stephan Marks
Sound Editor... ... Jonas Nachalrt
Spam Edltor .. .. . .. . . Tarn Kncandea

 

Anacllto Sport- Edltorl Marc Barman, Knlth Murder
SP no Editor . Marc Schwarx
Editorial Plan Editor. .. Edward Ralnon

Kelly Grovor. Annallo Perot

Copy Edlton. . . . . ..
. . . . . .. . . . . . Ed erunlch

Photography Edltor . . .

 

Contrlhutlng Editorl: Dean Ball. Bob Gnrdlnlet. Mark Gesnor, Dabble Judge.
Mark Lavina, Gall Mattell. Wayne Pearehoom, Holly Froall, Anthony Sllber,
Lian Strain, Editorial Alli-tutti: Jane Anderson. Donn Chang. Ian Claimants,
Jtm O'Sulllvan. stall writers: Altaan Brown. Slave Bryuon. Michelle Bustier.
Joanne Canavan, Allcla Clmbora. Kevin Clarke, .100 Fulton. Ronald Brant
Garston, Adam Goodman. Ben Gordon. Bob Hanlon, Robert Hayes, Eric Hln-
rlln, Norma Koo. Mlchullo Kroll, Alice McDotmott, Caryn Mlsko, Suxanne Mur-
phy, John Parker. Maddy Pascuccl. Christine Rollell. Joe Romano. David
Singer, Michael Skolnlok, Alan Somkln, tan Spelling. Megan Gray Taylor.
Parry Tlschlar, Kollh Vnn Alton. lion Wolnaleln. Doug Weiss. Mark Wllgard.
John Wllimolt, Spocltum Edltnu: Elton Fitzgerald. Rina Young

Judy Total, Business Manager
l.ynn Saravll. Assoc/ate Business Manager
Jana Hirsch. Rhonda Woll.Advtstt/sing Managers
Mlko Kraltnor. Sales Manager

Billing Accountantl .. .. Randee thnr
Payroll Sup-wilt" .. .... Gay Porous
Clanlllod Mun-gar .. .Joannn Hamilton
Campalttlnn Manager . . . . ,. .. .. ...Mark Cutalano
Advorllllng Salon: David Daniels, Rich Golden. Susan Kloln. Stove Luther-
man. Mark Sussman. Advortlllng Production: Loo Erickson, Debra Freeman,
Elaine Frlodnr, Joanna Gllborg. Julio Mark. Ellyn Muto. Sharon Oltun. Lynne
Slouel, Chatotatte Shubo. Ellan Wisomun. Office Staff: Chttsllnn Blnuhl, Lln-
do Delgado, Marlorlu Hosonthnl

 

 
 
 

‘ Sue Plchlnllty, Production Manager
Georg. Tutu. Associate Product/on Manual

Chic! Typclpltor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Lancey Hoymnn
Put-mp: Eileen Keello. Susan Kant, Susanne Jacoby. Dob Stokl. Typlltl:
Jim Capozzola, Cheryl Kaplnn, Nancy Kllllan. Phyllla Lalkowllz, Rona Loweri-
braun. chlullcuu: Etlc Dorl. Steven Mankatt

i
Photography pr‘lnclpatly supplied by Unlvorslly Photo Survlco. is student

Chief Photographer: Ed MatusslcnUPs Sl-Il: Amy Cohen, Sherry Lian Conan.
Cindy Galway. Phlllp Hack. Konny Kirsch. Rachel Lllwln. Robert Luckoy. Lola
Maltabonl. Susan Elulnu Mindtch, Barty Hotshot. Lisa Slmrnorts. Laurtrn
Sillor. Hobart Soucy, Erica Spalnol. Walton Stout, Jumps annntlno. Jason
Zoppal

Inla copyright t9li4 Albany Sludonl Prul Corporation. I"
ma

 

The Albany Student Pious is published Tirosrlnys and Fttdays liniwaon
Annual and Juno by tho Albany Stiirtnrtl Pinata Cottintnliun. iln lndonunrlunt
not-lor-prolll corporation

Editorials are written by tho Editor in Cntui wlllt tiirimtintti ol the Editorial
Board; policy is aublnct to review by tho Erlllotlnl Board. Columns am Written
by members at tho utitvotslly community rintl do not nocossnllly rooms-int
editorial policy. Arlvottlctng pulley rlous not niicoatratily iotluct orlltottal
trolley.

Mntltng address.
Albany Slurlt -tt PIOBB. CC 320
1400 Washington Ave.

A bnnv. NV 12???

(Still 457-Blll'lﬂ332'zlfllllli)

 

 

 

 

has outlined in his book A New Democracy. Some of
Senator Hart's irtrrovative ideas are: individual training ac-
counts for industrial workers, military reforms, restructuring
the present tax laws, proposing the American Defense
Education Act. and the Comprehensive“ Equity Act to
rentch sex bias itt pensions. tax laws, and insurance.

Just because tltc media picks tip on central themes does not
mean that the Hart campaign is withorrt stiltstance. ln
speeches across this country Senator Hart has clearly stated
his positions over and over again. Senator Hart received little
or no media exposure rtittil his second place ﬁnish in the [own
caucus. and since tlrcrt ltc has used this media exposure to en-
courage debates of issues between the candidates.

it is the utmost in pt'csurtiptuousncss and arrogance for
Mr. Friedman to predict the outcomes of several primaries.
We suggcst that Mr. Friedman refrain front careless predic-
tions and let tltc voters themselves decide who the best can-
tlitlatc is.

We irtvitc Mr. Friedman to learn about Senator Hart's
positions and proposals. and we wish lie had done so before
attacking Senator Hart.

—-llisc Levine
—-Mlchttel Scltulull
SUN YA C (lorrlitrulorr
Anterior/Irv wit/t Hurt

Invasion of privacy

To the Editor:

‘Sttrrlcitts should not have the right of privacy lll their own
rooms. Siritlcnts should not be able to rlccidc how rttttclt
alcohol they wish to consume til it putty because they are not
rcspottxiblc ctiotrgli to know tltcir littlils.‘ 'l'hcsc the sonic ot
the decisions pt'cxcttll) being made by the SUNYA tid-
ministration.

Last \L'Illcklct‘, u cortimittcc ol stiltlcttts. tacitltv uttd titl-
tttinistrtitors worked on establishing u polic\ to provide
guidelines tor the usugcol alcohol licicoii L'illllpllx. \\’hi|c thc
policy \\c \‘lllllL‘ up with \\’tl\ only it tccorittitctitltttion. mum
of HS fclt Ilittt Ilic cotlttttttlcc‘x input \\tlllltl bc \L'llitllSlY Ctlllr
sitlct‘crl. This does not tlppctll to bc tllc cttxc.

Among other things c\tttblisltctl. \H‘ decided that kegs il'iltl
lK‘Cll‘lilllS \Hllllll b ' allowed lll \.|llt.lL‘lll suites on (I provisotittl
basis. Students would have the right to give kcg pnrtics ttltlcxs
tlic_\ illlttwll these rights. it at given party bccttmc rlisrripttvc
and problems occurred then that suite would not be tiblc to
give titiothcr party. llowt cr, if no problems curiic up, tlico
lltc kititc would be free to give as many ptti‘tics its they saw fit.

Now. two months after the alcohol review committee sub-
mitted its final report to the Vice President of Student Af-
fai Dr. Frank l’ogue. we find out that our ‘proposcd
pollLy has been changed. it seems lllill the University
doesn't want students to be able to have kegs iii their sttitcs.
They claim it does not foster a “stile” cnvirotittiertt. Stridcttt
behavior will be regulated. This is it major injustice to
Albany‘s student body. '

Students will corttiuuc to lose tltcir rights titttil they stand
up for what tltcy bclicvc in. All ycttt‘ long we have fttccd votcr
discltchttntrttcut. tuition increases, cuts in programs, lcss
teaching professionals and rtiorc t ‘ilCllltlg assistants and now
this. What will they ttrkc next?

On April 9th, 01- alcohol policy will be brought to tire
University Scuttle for it vote. 1 cucoragc all students to stand
tip for their rights before they have nothing left to stitiirl for.
if you‘d like to help plcttsc call tltc Student Association office
:11 457;li()1l7.

Students who have rcrichctl their 19th birthday huve ob-
ttiirtcd tltc right to drink. However. it seems that if we wiin to
keep this right here at SUNYA we must spcrtk up bcforc thc
‘I-‘ridtiy night suite purt)‘ fades itito the p st along with the
library hours. gym tivttiltibilty and other scrviccs.

lt's otir school and our future. if we don't fight for it. who
will?

 

   
 

 

—.lcff Schneider
SA V If 1‘ President

Peaceful solution

To the lidllor:

1 ill“ writing in response to the letter ctititlcd “Freedom
Fighters" which appeared in Friday‘s ASP.Thc ignorance of
so many “Irish Americans" with regard to thc lRA is
frightening. I‘ve lived and traveled extensively irt lrcland. l
have fartiin living in Belfast and l'vc talked with many Irish
people. especially tltc Northern lrish about tltc situation that
exists irt their cottntry. Tltc ttttijority of tltcrtt were tired ofthe
senseless, violcttt killings and not pro—IRA.

The “(A hard its noble beginnings many. ttttitty years ago;
tltc cause for which it fotigltt was a good one. Over the )‘Cill‘S
“lltc ctitrsc" has been misconstrued and misunderstood by
uumy. most especially thc Atticrictms. I agree that tile llritish
government has stibjugtttcd turd practically destroyed many
Ittlllttnx on this cru'th. it has left many nations divided rind
weak because of its impct'itilisrtt.

llle plus yc' ‘s of violence and hatred betwcctt tltc lt‘islt and
tho liritish has only cugctirlcrcd more hatrcrl. violence and
prejudice. lht'cc evils that go hand in hand.

'l llUl'L‘ is never any justification for violcttcc and murder -
not lll lt'clttrtrl. not ill the Middle littst, riot itt l€l Sttlvttdor. not
anywhere!

The only kind of solution that will be tcasiblc. will be it
peaceful solttt ion.

 

—Sltirlcy l.. Mercer

  

  

  

 

Never, again '

To the Editor: '

Yesterday afternoon it very disheartening event occurred.
Around 40 or so energetic students. out of the possible hun-
dreds. assembled in front of the Campus Center for an RZA
sponsored protest on behalf ofthe Soviet Jewry. but that was
all!

Where were the hundreds! Where were those same hun-
dreds who petition in peace rallies and human rights rallies
and why were their hearts dormant to the cries of Soviet
Jewish prisoners of conscience?! Were they too uninforrricd
to understand. or too apathetic to bother?

Where were you — you who pride yourself in the wonder-
fttl edcuation you are receiving ltcrc? Herc. ttrtlike in other
nations, you have many human rights, including that which
our ancestors and founders of this great nation came here for
—— religious freedom!

Soviet Jews are not its fortunate. Tire Soviet Uttion forbids
those srunc liberties, and while runny are pcrscctited thcrc.
Soviet Jews are harassed because they are .Icwish. They are
prohibited tiny religious education. while religion is taught.
They are llllpl'lsttllL'tl and lose their jobs bccause they plea for
rights that now exclude only them! '

There is no room for indifference here. and do not think
that you tll'L‘ not needed. cithcr. (ict involved! We must HIC-
ccctll (tori-forbid we should i and there should befall on
the Soviet Uiiioit tt similar horrilying catastrophe coittpitrttblc
only to the Holocaust of World War Two itself. Don't be
silent! SIX MILLION — NEVER AGAIN!

wlllllllt' withheld upon request

Holiday observance

To the Editor:

lll lL‘xptll'lSt‘ to .lumr-s Stanley‘s lcllct .oiiccritirig thc
ticccssil) to It'llllll to SUNYA oti l-‘ztxtt't \titirluy. l fch that
\L'H‘l‘ill misconceptions most be cleared up.

L‘lttxsc-t begin ill 12:20 on Monthly, «\ptil El. .tlltmittg suf-
ticicttt time to tttt\cl Monday llltll'tlltly., .tltci thc obsctvttttcc
ol l-xistcr Sunday. SUNYA‘s ltlll tvrrii docs ttttl lit-gin lutc tit
order to itccoittorltitc obsciuuiccol Rosh llushuntilt. l'hc lltll
191i} tct‘m begun heloic tltc .lcwislt High Holy Days iltld
classes were suspended to allow observation of the holidays.
Your Kippur is the most holy day on the Jewish calendar.
(‘ltisscs were suspended late Friday afternoon this past l~'trll..'
wliilc Yom Kippur begun at sundown of that day. While
Christians may find travelling on their most holy day dc-
mcttrtittg. Jews are prohibited from travcllirig on their's’. My
home is it thrcc hour drive frottt Albany. and l was faced with
the choice of travelling on Your Kippur. or remaining in
Albany. incidentally. the late liortr at which classes were
suspended caused me to miss tltc Kol Nidrc service (the
holiest of Jewish services), while I waited in traffic at the
George Washington Bridge.

1 cannot agree more with Mr. Stanley, the students at
SUNYA dcsct'vc tnorc consideration. I must however t'i'c
ofl'eitsc tit suggestions that the University makes concessions
for its Jewish students (also see the letter concerning UAS
and the observance of Lent). and ignores the needs of others.

—Mlchuel Ollri

 

 

 

Appalled reader

To the Editor:

Wc't'c writing iii response to Joe Fusco‘s article “L ‘in’c it
To tltc l-‘ools and thc lt‘isltmcn.” Mr. i-‘usco's tiriclc was
nothing ttiorc than an ethnic slur against the lrisli. and lil otlr
opiitioti, very poor journalism. We tire also appalled at tlic
ASP for printing such prejudicial rind unsubstantiatch
material. Art urticlc like this, if anything, belongs on u
slander shch ttol ti supposedly objective ticvispripcr‘ such to
the ASP. ‘

To imply that no one famous has ever cittcrgcrl l'oim
behind is far front correct Mtttiy heroes of American society
have lrish roots. May we suggest Mr. l-usco look tip the
backgrounds of many of our Arrtcri 'au presidents.
legislators, ttttlsicitttts, ttclors. authors. etc. With the ltpr of
the lrish people. its well as the ltulians and till the other int-
migrrtnts. this nation has become what it is today. .luc‘s
defamation of St. Patrick is uncalled for. By legend, St.
Patrick chased the strokes from Ireland. Factual/y, he is
known for spreading Christianity throughout that land. The
latter is Will“ carried hint his sitinthood and his reverence
among the irish people. This rcvcr'cnce is displayed on March

 

St. Patrick is not the only lrixh hero. Bobby Sands and his
fellow patriots arc corttcrtiporary heroes. These tticn loved
their country criottgli to give their Iiv w for it. lreltinrl rttcttnt
more to them than green beer irttd kissing a stone.

We agree with Mr. l-‘usco that the true meaning of St.
l'illt'lL‘lv'\ day has been twisted in its transition from lrish to
American culture. What is it religious holiday in lt'clttrttl (the
pubs are closed) is nothing more than excuse to get drunk for
Alllcl’lctlllb.

Tltc author's right to free speech should not ittcltirlc tltc
rigltt to rtct‘tutie an ethnic group and their traditions.

.loc. may we suggest lllill rtcxt time you write rlii article you
get your facts straight and put your DlUllltllk‘W- tlsirlc. it's all
right to knock it prncllcc. but not it people.

—(Thristopht-r lien
—Kcviu Shuttle)

  

