  
   

 
    
  
   
  
 

I
l

 

   

  
   
  
  
   
 

   
  
  

 

MARCH 27. I984

Coach Lewis is back and ready to serveagain

- ByMarc Berman

smnrs EDITOR

The Albany State men's tennis
team has been aptly referred to as
“a dynasty" these. nast few seasons.
Usually associated with a dynasty is

' one central ﬁgure. key to the team‘s

perpetual success,

In Albany's case. that figure is
their coach. Bob Lewis. who after
being forced to sit out the fall
season due to a disc operation. is
eagerly awaiting the start of his
twelfth season as .mentor of
SUNY’s reigning power.

Since Lewis was natncd tennis
coach in I972. the Danes have
become the sovereign team of the
SUNYAC conference. They have
captured the SUNYAC champion-
sltip eight times. including the last
five years. Lewis‘ won-loss rccord
speaks for itself. 129-47. .1 .733 win-
tting percentage. He also has never
suffered a losing . ason.

“The administration sttpports the
tettnis program here." he said. ex-
plaitting the team's success over the
years. “We work hard on rccrttitittg
whiclt is why we get good players.
We also have good facilities."

The word “dedication” is often
used in describing an athlete‘s suc-
cess. but is rarely ttscd pertaining to
a coach. In regard to Lewis. the
word fits him perfectly.

"Many tennis coaches don’t take
their jobs seriously." said Lewis.
who was born in Sherburn. a small
town outside Colgate. “As long as I
coach any sport I’ll always work
very hard at it. I recruit. I'm active.
and I'm interested in it. I care about
doing well."

His activities of the playing court
have enabled him to meet a number
of high school tennis coaches
around the state. Recruiting has
become easier because of this;
players contact ltim instead of the
reverse. He receives numerous let-
ters from bttddittg high school tcn-
nis players interested in playing for

 

the Danes. ‘ -

Lewis's practices are more rigid
than the normal tennis workouts. A
disciplinarlan by nature. Lewis em-

" phasizes conditioning and makes

the players do endless line drills and
stretching exercises.

“With the type of players I’ve
had the past few years. if I didn't
work them hard they‘d let me know
about it."

Tennis wasn’t always part of
Lewis' life. In fact. he didn't play
the game seriously ttntil [968. when
he was 34.

A graduate itt Physical Education
at Cortland iii the ntid-I950‘s.
Lewis came to the Albany area in
I960 landing a job at the Milne
scltool. which was the campus
school owned by Albany State. For
eight years he coacltcd the ltiglt
school basketball. baseball, and
crt country learns. winning three
sectional championships.

Wltile at the Milne school. he
becatne close with coach Doc
Sauers. whose Albany State basket-
ball tcatn practiced in the same gym
(Page Hall) as the Milne clttb. In
I968. Saucrs informed him of the
opening of the J.V. basketball
coaching job. Lewis applied and
was handed tltc slot.

After four years of leading the
J.V. team. Lewis decided to take
the spot of men's tennis coach left
vacant by the departure of Merlin
Hatltaway. From I972 through
I978 Lewis was coaching both
teams. occupying three seasons ottt
of the year. ‘

In l975-77 he also served as a. '
rant coach to Doc Sauers. It was a
job Lewis did not care for and felt
restricted.

"I wasn't suited being an assis-
tant coach." said Lewis. "There
was no challenge to it. I wanted my
own tcatn. Doc and I got along very
well. he was always open to sugges-
tions. I just didn't feel it was my
place to be very original."

 

 

 

 

 

 

I e :I.‘
In 1978 he went back to the J.V.
and guided the team to their best-
evcr record I8-2. But his free titnc
was scarce and he.knew he ltad to
give one of them up. He elected to
stay with tennis.

"I had to make a decision
because coaching three seasons out
of the year was too much." Lewis
recalled. “I liked coaching basket-
ball a lot and I do miss it. But my
kids were growing up and starting
to play basketball and I wanted to
watch them play. I also thought I
would have more time to concen—
trate on tennis in the off-season."

Lewis did find more time to

Above: Fred Gaber was the ca
coached; Inset: Bob Lewis.

 

donate to tennis as shown by the
Danes’ accomplishments. After giv-
ing up basketball for good. the ten-
nis team took five consecutive
SUNYAC championships.

The last one catttc this fall while
Lewis was still recuperating from
his back operation. Jim Serbalik
was named interim-coach two days
before the start of the season and
miraculously was selected as

'SUNYAC coaclt of the year. an

honor Lewis won when it was first
introduced in I981.

“He did a great job and I'm in-
debted to him.’I said Lewis on Scr-
balik. “He was able to recognize

Ups
ptaln at the last team Bob Lewis

 

the situation as it was and made it
easy for me and the palycrs."

Lewis was pleasantly surprised at
the kind of success the learn achiev-
ed in the fall: "They had a better
season than I thought they'd have. I
want to compliment the players for
working extra-hard. knowing the
situation they were in."

Lewis' physical condition
presently is back to normal: “I've
never had a back problem before
1980 and I didn't have one bctwcett
I980 and this year. It‘s not a linger-
ing back problem."

Just tltrec weeks after part of his

8b

Blond takes second at Mr. Collegiate America

 

Aaron Blond sports a 52 Inch chest, bench presses
505 pounds. and squats 850 pounds.

U.S.A.

 

leuutrsn noemsou

 
 

In the last eight months Aaron Blond donated 4320 hours
of his life towards one goal. working his body into corn-
pctitivc body-building condition.

Six days a week. three hours a day. the Albatty Statcjunior
labored in the weight room at the Colonic Athletic Club.

“I never was associated with anyone who trained so hard
for a contest as he did." said IIIond‘s manager Scott 195.
Dmitrcnko. “It was complete dedication. For ciqu tnontlts
he pttt his tttind on one thing."

And on Sunday. Marclt [8. the traitting paid off for
Illond. The Clifton Park native. who sports a 52-inch cltcst.
copped second place out of 35 contestants in the Mr. Col-
legiate Atttcrica held in Pittsburgh.

His second placc finish automatically qualified him for the
Mr. Atnerica contest in September. “I didn't think I would
finish that good." said the Shencndahowa graduate. "I kind
of kept a low profile because I wasn't sure how well I would
do.”

Blond is not foreign to bodybuilding competition. Four
years ago as a senior in high school. he qttit his position as
middle linebacker on Shenendahowa‘s footbttll team to cott-
ccntrnte his efforts on bodybuilding. After one year of pum-
ping himself into cotttpctitivc shape. he entered his first con-
test in I9Ill attd captured the Canadian-American Teenage
bodybuilding championship.

In I982 as a sophomore at Albany. he took first place in
Mr. ’I‘ccnagc Capital District and third place in Mr. Teenage

No longer a teenager. Blond. age 20. was searching for
tournaments to participate in as preparation for Mr.
America. In the summer he heard about the Mr. Collegiate
Ameri'a competition and began training immediately with
the help of training partner Darci Dmitrcnko. the I982 Miss
Natural America and I982 Miss Northeast America.

Under the two Dmitrcnko‘s. Blond‘s lifting performance
improved. He raised his bench pressing total to 505 pounds

and his squat exercise elevated to 650 pounds.

While his lifting ability increased. his personal weight
dropped. In the four weeks before the tournament. he went
on a strict diet shedding 35 pounds. dropping from 230 to

Feeling a bit dehydrated. Blond at ' a big meal tltrcc hottrs

before the competition. Backstage. he procedcd to work out:

"I really felt ptttupcd up when I got on stage" ltc said. “I
never felt in better condition."

The competition consisted of three rounds; the first rottttd

tougher."

had the contestants stand on stage without tlcxing or posing.
The ttcxt round 'alled for mandatory pos
was the freestyle moves. By the scoring. Blond did equally
well in all tltrcc rounds.

Two weeks following the competition. Illond's weight
bloated up to 240. He now plans on beginning his training
for the tttore cotttpetitivc Mr. America. which features the
best bodybuilders in the country.

At 20 years of age. Blond realizes he will be ottc of the
younger participants: “My goal is to finish in the top ten."
said Blond. “The gttys in the tournament are older and

c' and the final one

 

After Mr. America. Blond is thinking of reverting back to
playing football for Coach Bob Ford and the ireat Danes.

‘tl've talked to Ford about It." Ite said. “We‘ll see what

happens."

Athletic Club.

First. Illond's attention is on the Mr. America contest and
that means a rctttrn to the weight room at tile Colonic

~Mare llertnnn

   
   
  
   
 
   
  

   
  
    
  
 

      
 
     
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
    
  

      
  
  
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
      
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
   
  

 

 

   

  

 
   
  
 

 
    
    
  
  
   
  
    
  

 

VOLUME LXXI~

Student leaders, city .
officials expect no
polling place problems
during NY primaries

By Eric Hlndln
smi‘r II’RIII:'R

With the New York Democratic Primary
cotning up this Tuesday. studcttt I'ttdcrs and
city officials say they do ttot anticipate a
repetition of the problcttts students en-
countered in past elections.

Last year. according to Student Associa»
tion (SA) President Rich Scltaffcr. students
tryittg to exccrcisc their right to vote ctr-
cottrttcred harassment and misplaced cards.
as well as a trip to off-campus polling plac s.

 

This year. he said. students living on State
Quad cart vote ill the Mag rootn. and Col-
ottial Quad residents will vote at the 'l‘hrttwtty
House. on Washington Atenue. All residents
of Dutch Quad. except tltose living in llcvcr-
\vyck attd Schyler Ilalls should vote at the St.
Margaret Mary School on Western Avc..
while residents of Itcvcrw c ' attd Schylcr. as
well as those students living on Indian Qttat'
tnttst gt) to the Gym to vote. Students living
on Alttrnrti Quad tuttst go to St. Vincent
DcPaul Cotuttutnity Center. located at ()n-
tario St. and Madison Avenue. Off campus
students should call the Board of Elections to
find their polling place..Sclutl'l’cr said.

During Jttne. Schaffcr said. the city and

'Ihe Board of Elections usually review the
‘prior years elections. andduring that time.»
SA hopes to talk to city officials in an effort
to reach an agreement concerning an on
campus polling place for all students.

Albany Mayor Thomas Whalcn. though
not sttre if any changes will be itttplctncntcd
durittg the June review. said that the city
would be “glad to talk SA officials. and
might be favorable towards a change."

7.

 

Schaffer was evctt tnorc hopeful. dcclar~
ing. “now that persons involved have ltad
titnc to reflect, and pcrltaps ltavc realized
that students can be active participants inrlhc
voting process. SA's rcqttcsts might meet
with greater succcs. ."

Schafl'cr said ltc believes that a utorc
favorable attitude towards students is being
adopted by govcrntnent officials throughout
the state. and points to a recent court deci'
sion granting students of SUNY Onconta and
SUNY ()swego the rigltt to vote in their col-
lege community. The Onconta suit charged
that the Olsego County Board of Elections
discriminated against students when deter-
mining who was eligible to vote. The
discritnination took the form of a special
questionnaire for students. and checking ap-

CINDV OALWAY UPS
Mayor Thomas Whalen ill

 

 
  

  
  

 

YoRK A T ALBA NY by THE ALBANY STUDENT‘PRESS CORPORA TION

March ,30, 1984

NUMBER 17

 

 

 

The Issue of The Student Voice which
was recalled because of controversial
errors In the statements of SA presiden-
tial candidates.

 

 

 

mistakes

. P'"‘i~‘
By tart Clements
l:‘I)I‘I'()It‘l/II. A.\'SI.\'MNF

After finding errors Wednesday niqu in
the texts of SA Presidential candidates
statements. The Sim/en! Voice recalled all
the copies of their March 29 issue. and irr-
scrtcd corrections. while Student Associa-
tion President Rich Scltal'fcr fired and
rchired the journal's co-ntauaging editor
Jayne Rothman.

The ntost significant errors were tltc three
found in SA presidential candidate Tim
Hallock's statement.

For example. The Sim/em Voice's ver-
sion of Hallock’s statement snid.“0ur
President and the other officers are also
charged with fostering social. recreational.
academic. cultural. anti spiritual oppor-
tttnities beyond those offered in tire presctrt
administration has done? I am not."
Hallock’s version of his statement said.
“Our Prcstdcnt and tltc otltcr officers are
also charged with ‘l'ostcring social. recrea-
tional. academic, cultural. attd spiritual op-
portttnities beyond those offered in the for.
mal curriculum.‘ As students. are you
sat'sl‘ied with the job the present ad-
ministration has done? I atn not.“

Hnllock had discovered the cr_[ors
Wednesday night and brought them to tire
attention of Central Council which was
meeting at tltc titttc. Schaffcr told Council
he'd fired Rothman and that tile issues were
being recalled.

Schal'fer rchier Rotitman Thursday
morning. Then The Slur/em Voice Editor
Stacey Young and former l’iditor Libby

   

 

 

No hassles avpeclerl Titan/av.

SA recalls Student Voice;
Sit? . QUQGKBQ

in is

éx mn- ...,- a":

According to the Voice: “Our president and
the other officers are also charged with “foster-
lng social, recreational. academic. cultural, and
splrtual opportunities beyond those offered in
.the present administration has done? I am not."

According to Hallock: "Our president and
the other officers are also charged with ‘foster-
ing social. recreational. academic. cultural. and
spiritual opportunities beyond those offered in
the formal curriculum.‘ As students. are you
satisfied with the job the present administration
has done? I am not."

 

Post prepared an insert correcting the er-
rors. The issues of The Sltrdenl Valve with
the insert were expected to be distributed on
tltc quads and in the campus ccntcr today.

The cditors of The Student Voice. which
is a student advocacy journal published by
SA, said the errors were completely
unintention'al.

Rothman said that she attd ctr-managing
editor Ilcth Brinser Itad prepared the cart-
ditlatcs' statements. Young said that she
had not read that part of The Student Voice
before it was published.

Sltc said that as editor-i -chicf she should
have read the statements. cc tltc respon-
sibility for thcjournal is "ultimately" hers.

Young said she was "operating under tltc
delusion“ that she had “responsible”
managing editors. It was a “basic f--- up."
site maintained. “I. myself make typing cr<
rots." sltc added.

Rothman said that the errors irt the Voice
were “not done maliciously." bttt were
“done innocently."

Schal'fcr said Young. Rothman. and
IIrinser were “reprimanded” and that the
entire staff would "accept responsibility."

Schai‘fer said he initially fired Rothman
becattse he didn‘t want anyone to think that
he was abusing the powers of his office.
since he is rttnrtittg for re-clcction as presi-
dent.

There were other objections to the March
29 issue which was distributed at the Cortn-
cil meeting. Errors were made in thc Coun-
cil voting record chart. Also. tltrec can-

14>

 

 

Jackson campaigns in
Albany; emphasizes
rise in popularity while
assailing opponents

By Kevin Clarke
.s‘rItFr tut/um .

Democratic presidential hopeful Jesse
Jackson brought his campaign to Albany
Tuesday night drawing a crowd of almost
3.000 e tic supporters.

Jackson seemed tired attd his voice was
hoarse as he spoke at downtown Albany’s
Wilborn 'I‘ctnplc First (‘hurch of (iod in
Christ.

Observing that five candidates have
altcady dropped out of the race. Jackson said
he was “number tltrce not by default" but by
“organi/ing to vote."

 

('alling his a "poor campaign with a rich
message.“ Jackson encouraged his audience
to vote in nest Tuesday's primary and to
“cut the killing machine and start the healing
nutcltinc."

During the Albany stopover. which began
with an opening prayer and fcatttrcd sclcc-
tions from a gospel choir. Jackson had harsh
words for his two rctttaitting Democratic
rivals. former Vice President Walter Mon.
dale and Senator Gary Hart. Hc accused
them of practicing “client politics. surrogate
politics and patronage politics."

“I‘d ratltcr lose the election and stillrhave
f will-respect titan be a client. a surrogate.
or a patron." he asserted.

Jackson compared his recent success in
popular votes to the number of delegates he
has earned and commented. “(there is)
something perverse about the rules."
Jackson‘s support from black religiotts
leaders wasobvious. Preliminary spe 'c in-
cluded Schenectady National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People
(NAACP) President Reverend Carl Taylor
and Itctcrcnd William Collahan. who was
recently appointed as representative to
SUNYA's Interfaith Society.

  

  

D
,—

'I‘|rc audience. which had waited three
Itours for Jackson's arrival front Utica. was
clearly evcitcd about his appearance it]
Albany.

('allittg the Voting Rights Act “the litmus
test for arty progressive politician in this
country." Jackson told the predominately
black crowd “Our time ltas come... We will
never go back."

“Never again will Democrats take its for
granted or Republicans \vrite'us off. We are
winning." he shouted. as tnctnbers of tltc au-
dience applattdcd and responded. “Amen!”
Jackson asserted that his opponents were

IOI LUCKEY UPS

Jesse ' '

 

 

"Our time has ('(INIL’.. . "

 

 
   

  

