 

 

_ Wenmmwn my.  , .

a'

a J». V. k

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 

Petty pelitics again

any politics is retiring its ugly head within our student
government once again.
At Wednesday's Central Council meeting. the
Albany Sludenl Press became the latest victim of the political
squabbling which has dominated Student Association this
year. and which. as elections draw near, is becoming more
the rule than the exception.

The fun started when SA Vice-President .leff Schneider in-
troduced a bill to replace funds spent reimbursing several
'members of the ASP who attended the National Student
Conference on Voter Registration. It lasted until the final
minutes of the meeting. when a Council member suggested
the possibility of “bribery” between the ASP and SA (see
story. [1.4). t

On the surface. Schneider's bill appears to be a simple in-
ternul SA matter. in truth. it served no purpose but to raise
the issue of this financial arrangement between the ASP and
SA'on the Council floor. -

Although the bill was not voted on. and may never be
heard from again, it stretciied across a lot of political mileage
Wednesday night. Was it, beneath the surface, just another
outgrowth of the cancerous feud between Schneider and SA
President Rich Schai'fer which has plagued SA all year long?

At the Council meeting two weeks ago. Student Action
Chair Steve Gawley pleaded with Council not to let this

COLUMN

political divisiveness interfere with student government dur;
ing the election period. With nominations just underway.
seems that Oawley‘s plea is falling upon deaf ears. I

The lengthy debate on Schneider's bill concerned not on y
the bill but the issue of Schaffcr agreeing to reimburse
members of the ASP for attending the conference. The
crowning touch of this political fiasco was when a Council
member suggested that this so-called deal between the ASP
and SA opened both parties to chargesof bribery. What this
statement. phrased as a question. implied. was that Schaffcr
may have hoped to receive good press during this election
-s‘ ester.

m/lnyone hoping to throw a bad light on Schaffer by bring-
ing tip this issue must have been overjoyed by this irresponsi-
ble statement.

The ASP was not only dragged through the mud as a result
of SA politics. it was unjustly and wrongly slandered.

SA intended to send three students to the conference. SA
sent three students to the conference. The fact that these
three students are ntenbers of the ASP does not affect this
basic equation.

As student representatives, those who went to the com
l‘erence paricipated in workshops. spoke with student leaders
and journalists from all over tltc nation. helped coordinate
voter registration planning in the New York State caucus.

 

and reported back to Schaf fer when they returned. A.
members'of the ASP. they were able to report on it. '
fercnce. and inform the student body through tw
and an editorial.

This singular. mutually beneficial occurrence in no way cf.
feels the unconditionally independent status of the Albany
Student Press. The ASP does not. and will not. take money
from SA, for the sole purpose of preserving ottr integrity as
an independent professional publication.

Council's attempt to select a new vice-chair also run trim.“
to petty political gameplaying. The vote becttmt' deadlocked
between two candidates. It became obvious lllttl each hrrtt r.
predetermined camp of supporters, and that nothing \Vittgt).
ing to change. '

Caught in the political storm. both candidath slcppqd
down and nominated a third person, who is consitlt‘tt'd more
or less independent in the SA political scheme.

Here was a solution to the political Itlc\s \tlttch \\.’|\
dominating SA and Cottticil business. But even lliis rim .1...
satisfy at least one person. who claimed that political [littllu‘t
should not force Council into it second choice. ’llrix third
candidate fell short of victory by one vote.

After art ltour-ztnd-a-halt‘. no vice-chair \tus elm-it'd.

As budget time and elections draw near. SA and ('Ullllt‘il
are obviously too busy with their own lmmtlllltc potirimr rm.
ties to be serving the students the way they \llllllltl.

c can.
0 articles

University-defense complex

A recent report by the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York for the New York State Council on Fiscal and
Economic Priorities says “it is a fact of life in a
democracy that political considerations effect the
awarding of defense contracts. The pork barrel pro-
cess does not always win the day, but each state’s
political community must cautiously balance local in-
terest with some vision of a nationally ‘optimal’ pro-
curement policy”. The New York State congressional
dclegation‘s relative failure at the pork barrel process
is implied in the report.

ﬂ

Erie Damm r

1

According to the February. 1984 report, New York
State's share of military prime contracts dropped from

12 percent to under 8.5 percent from 1960 to 1982.
New York’s share of Air Force contracts dropped
from 14 percent of the nationwide total in 1960 to only
five percent in 1982. Contracts are for military related
work for the Department of Defense. The prime con-
tactor gets the contract from the government and can
then subcontract part of the work to other firms.

New York received only 4.1 percent of total
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation con-
tracts in 1982, down from 4.8 percent in 1980. New
York’s colleges and universities recieve only 2.7 per-
cent of total defense research contracts awarded to
educational institutions according to the report. Area
Congressmen Solomon and Stratton's exemplary
hawkishness has yet to pay off in jobs in their districts.

The state's share of prime contracts has fallen faster
than the state’s share of the total U.S. population
which has also fallen. In 1982, the last year for which

figuresare available, total defense prime contracts in
the U.S. amounted to a little less than $500 per capita.
Defense contracts were unevenly divided across the
state. Only Schenectady County in the Capital
District. and seven other counties in the state were the
primary locations of work on prime contracts worth
more than $500 per capita.

The study focused on prime contracts ratlter titan
total defense spending as a measure of how New York
compares with other states because the low amount of
total defense spending in New York is explained in
part because we have relatively few military personnel
based here. The study ignores subcontracts but
assumes that “the state's position as a recipient of
prime contracts mirrors its-competitiveness as a sub-
contractor." Prime contractors usually deal with sub-
contractor firms close by.

Albany County received 236.8 Department of
Defnese (DOD) prime contract dollars per capita and
Rensselaer County 44.2 DOD prime contract dollars
per capita. Schenectady County received 4558.6
dollars per capita for prime contracts. All figures are
for 1982.

Ten firms in New York State accounted for about
two-thirds of the 1982 total of prime contracts led by
far by Long island’s Grumman Corporation which is
why Nassau County leads the state in this important

 

 

category of defense spending. General Electric is the
state’s second largest defense prime contractor and
first in the amount of Research. Development, Test &
Evaluation among private firms. Also among the top
ten is the Condiesel Division of the Condec Corpora-
tion in Schenectady which produces portable bridging
systems for river crossing and carriages for the M198
155 MM howitzer.""

Although GE. Grumman and the Sperry Corpora-
tion (also in Nassau County) were the leaders in
RDT&E work. New York’s educational institutions of
higher learning also received RDT&E contracts. Col-
umbia received contract awards worth $5.5 million
while the SUNY Research Fund and RH each received
$2.3 million respectively in defense- department
research contracts for work performed primarily in
New York State.

Since New York State instittrtions of higher learning
are recipients of many National Science Foundation
grants in engineering and physics the report concludes
that the state receives an extremely small share of
DOD RDT&E contracts given the New York academic
community's orientation toward scientific fields with

direct military applications.

In the words of the report: “Since the late 1960‘s
New York’s university community and its defense in-
dustry have been in an arm’s length. and sotttclimcs
hostile, relationship. Now may be the titnc for it group
of industry, university and political leaders to help
reestablish a more cooperative relationship in tile in-
terests of the New York State economy."““ The
report was submitted to Governor Mario Cuonio who
organized the Council. Dr. John Bradcmns. President
of New York University is chairman.

“* Some 60 percent of New Y_ork's primc contracts
were awarded by tile Navy in 1981 and that trend will
continue if the Pentagon goes ahead with plans I‘ortr
600 ship navy. New York politicians and contractors
will have to do a betterjob cultivating the Air l-‘otcc to
get future contracts. in 1982 only 1.2 percent ol' New
York’s prime contracts were for pl'tiL‘ltt'ctticnl Ill
missiles and space systems.

**** The Calspan Division of tlic Arvin (.‘orportrtion.
an important DOD RDT&E contractor. hits entered
into a joint venture with SUNY—Bull'an to t‘ortn the
Calspan-UB Research Center.

 

 

00R CoMMtSStOh) FooroD
THAT EDUCATION smiomzos
HAVE. PLUMMEt’ED.

é

 sf

 

 

WE NEED Berna: timers
TRAINING», HIGHER SALARlES,
LON6ER SCHOOL Darts AND
A MORE courses

 / fjw

  

\ 4)
"4 WithNSW
smile“
Mwwlt

 

if; A
WHAT HELP ow vou cue us
MR. PRESrDEteT .7

 

 

 

NATIONAL EMERGEMCV. I

 

 

PRAYER to scam.
., t ,4?
.. w.
 a?“
 5 ll t—J/

t®‘-
at

/'.'\

  
   

 

 

    
      

   
   
   
     
  
 

 

eat

( f f ' March 9, 1984‘

A Look

 

Nuclear

Disarmament

    
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
    
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
  
  
    
  
     
   

  

 

