  

 

; ' "l.R.A. — Avengers Or'Assas-sins?
by Jim O’ Sullivan

it Is very easy for someone who grew
up learning about the great deeds of
George Washington and Nathan Hale
and the American Revolution to see a
lot of glory and heroism in today’s lrish
Republican Army.

The idea of fighting for the unification
of lreland. a land which suffered longer
and more horribly the effects of English
imperialism than any other colony. is an
inspiring idea. ,

The idea of fighting for the-rights of a
people discriminated against solely
because of their religion is. according to
various elementary-through-high scliooi
texts. an honorable undertaking.

But somehow. the idea of a bomb
tearing away human flesh (or blowing
Cars apart front the inside out, or leaving
buildings exposed with with a crumbled
facade lying across the sidewalk). is
neither inspiring nor htTiiorable. and the
last words that apply to such acts are

glorious or heroic.

lreland. a land of legendary beauty
and remarkable people. has always had

7 one inescapable problem: location.

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

*, England has always had one great
barrier which has stopped every possi-
ble invader since 1000. and before that
invasions were sporadic; there was little

worth invading for. The English Chair
nel was the stopping block for Napoleon
and Hitler. among others. its choppy
waters have spared the country most of
the havoc felt by nations on the
mainland.

The only flaw in England's natural
defenses has been lreland. English
military minds very early on realized
that lreland could be the “knife in the
back" that left England helpless.
Naturally. it became a now almost an-
cient policy of the English to subject the
lrish people to whatever atrocities
necessary for total control of the Island.
As the centuries rolled on. so did the
oppression. particularly against the
Church.

The greatest flaw of the Roman
Catholic Church. according to Henry
the Eighth. was that he did not control
it. So he formed an almost identical
Christian sect. the Anglican Church.

The various men of questionable
genius (maybe even intelligence?) who
made British policy immediately saw
that. with the English monarch and his
people worshipping as Anglicans. aitd
the lrish worshipping as Catholics. any
opposition to British rule would have a
natpral “stage” - the Catholic Church.
Bravo for the generals - they knew a
brick when they saw one flying into tlleir
faces.

The lrish people saw this too. and as
the oppression increased. they rallied
behind the idea. and the rituals. of
Catholicism.

As the years rolled by. and being
Catholic became a form of opposition to
the British. lrish and Catholic became
synonomous. When the reforms of
Vatican ll were announced. many lrish
refused to worship according to the new
rituals. and the phrase "more Catholic
than the Pope" was used to refer to
many lrish old-timers who kept the old
rules.

The religious oppression led to many
new customs. such as placing a candle
in the window on Christmas Eve. The
peasants explained to the British that
they were welcoming the Christ child.
but the candles also told area priests that
a Catholic family lived there and would
welcome a celebrant for Midnight Mass: '
The priests' visits were sporadic at best.

of their lives. and it was rare for an lrish
peasant to hear Midnight Mass more
than once or twice in his or her lifetime.

The Christian Brothers. who
originated in lreland. are the only clergy
(ordained priests. brothers. or nuns)
who went by their last names in pre-
Vatican ll days. This was necessary so
that British soldiers would not arrest and
kill a man for being a member of the
outlawed Catholic clergy. Children
were taught to call their teachers “Mr.
Oxx" rather than “Brother Jeff" for that
reason. -

Finally. in 1843. Catholics won
emancipation. in time‘ for a million of
them to flee to America as crops failed
across the country. Over a million lrish
died as_ ,well; the British found
themselves unable to prevent either
situation because of British landowners'
(and government's) intransigence and
Incompetence.

Throughout the late 1800's and early
1900's various movements for a free
lreland arose. But. as in their colonies
everywhere. Britain's rule was prolong-
ed. not by any particular British
brilliance. but by opponents’ infighting.
One after another. men with viable
plans for Home Rule for lreland were
destroyed either by other lrish or by the
Church hierarchy.

One of the most promising of these
plans fell apart when an lrish MP. was

 

publicly denounced from Catholic
pulpits across lreland in 1891 for having

woman. Yet church officials. with an

‘eye to the man's politics. had allowed

the affair to continue until a' rival politi-
cian made the charges public.
A teenager in those years. James

Joyce would later make both open and

 

as they lived In hiding and constant fear

veiled references to the Charles Parnell

‘ l.R.A.'s part against the "black and

. granted by Parliament to b

an affair for several years with a married '

incident in his novels and short stories.
citing it as a representation of lreland's
most serious problem.

The English would learn many
valuable lessons In the war with their
lrish antagonists. lessons which they
would put to good use in their
divestiture of lndia. their African and
Asian colonies. and most skillfully in
their attempts to leave the Arabs in full
command when they left Palestine.

in 1912. a viable Home Rule Bill
passed in Parliament. but. luckily for the
British. a Hapsburg prince was shot on
the other side of Europe. and the ensu-
ing “Great War" served as an excuse to
break that promise. ,

in 1916 an uprising was stranded as a
shipload of German rifles and ammuni»
tion was sunk on its way toward the lrish
coast. History records the Easter
Rebellion as a failure due to the confu~
ston over the lost weapons. and the
resulting indecision over whether or not
to go ahead with the plans. But the
British certainly went ahead. in-
SigEEthUlly shelling the center of

it was only after a subse uen
years of Republican warfalqe oh (Till:
tans" that some form of self-rule was 7

and Ulswr. oth lreland

in 1922 the first lrish Free State was
established. and a treaty was signed bet»
ween the English and the new lrish
gozezmené. and by 1925 a civil war was
en e an most of lreland b c i

of the new state. calm pa”
in 1949 the Republic was formed.
lreland today is split into two political
units. At the north is Ulster. or Northern
lreland. comprised of sl '

x counties. and

 

a part of the Uiilte

     

south. and by far the larger of the two. is
the Republic of lreland. which is not
even a member of the British (.‘onr
monwealth. unlike most former British
colonies.

The history of Ulster is one that roti-
tinues the bloodshedof lrelantl's
past.addtng to it all the demagogueiv «if
modern weapons and ignorant fears

Beginning In 1949, when the
Republic of lreland was declared. rliltl
the hopes for a united lreland \\'i‘it’
destroyed. the Protestant iiiajot'itv iii
Ulster consistently and with tlL'lt'tlitIlia
tion discriminated against tiie (‘atholtt‘
population of the six county region

For fifteen years Catholics were ex
cluded from the government and
restricted to pOVerty-level. iiietittitigilr'~~
jobs. a situation that was greeted Willi
complacency by the Ulster Ciilliltlil"i
Finally. in 1964. rioting began iii
Catholic slums in Belfast. lllSlL‘t.‘
capitol. That same year a Civil Rutlih
movement. based on the civil rights
movement in the United States. was
founded.

Belfast. the center of“the troubles.”
was essentially a city of small Protestant
villages linked together until lllt'
Famine. when Catholics began movtnti
in as a result of evictions and general
unemployment. They too settled into
their own little communities. iieitliet
welcome nor wanted. and they sliart’tl
no involvement in the established order

Then. with the arrival of the p'tWi'i
loom and the Harland and Will”
shipyard. Belfast became one of the ill
dustrtal centers of the British Isles. and
therefore the World.
lndustrialtsm hit with a vengcmil‘“

 

d Kingdom. in the

 

and Protestant and Catholic slums alike

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

’i
i;
.
.

i

.:s<a

became frequent hosts to cholera.
typhoid fever. and tuberculosis. at a rate
double that of the rest of Britain.

The center of the city grew into a
merge of vast. stoltd Victorian edifices.
ringed by the mansions of wealthy Pro-
testant industrialists. The desperation of
the Protestant poor burst fOrth in savage
riots against the even poorer Catholics
In the familiar pattern in which the se-
cond to lowest group on the ladder tries
to destroy the only group below them.

Today the city is still divided into an
elite: wealthy group of Protestants. a
fairly large middle class of both Pro-
testants and Catholics. and a still too
large group of Protestant working poor.
and an even larger group of Catholic ur-
ban poor.

The Civil Rights Movement drew
fearful reactions from reactionary Pro-
testants. who saw it as a threat to the
economic and religious benefits they en-
joyed.

Men like Reverend lan Paisley. who
started his own sect of Presbyterianisni.
(which is not recognized in World
Presbyterianism). stirred up the working
and urban poor Protestants with exhor-
tations of defending their faith. Paisley.
a graduate of Bob Jones University. a
fundamentalist bible school in the U.S..
played upon the natural fears of a
blighted. uneducated group of people.

Peaceful. yet powerful demonstra»
tioiis by the Civil Rights Movement were
met again and again by mobs of riled
Protestants. The l.R.A. moved into the
Catholic slums and found widespread
support. tnuclt greater than what they
had received before. when they were
still setting off occasional and ineffectual
bombs iti protest of the divided Ireland.

The Catholics fought with their army.
the l.R.A.. and the Protestants fought
with their army. the Ulster Defenser
Association, As the situation neared
chaos. London. which would suspend
the Ulster Parliament in 1972 as the
main obstacle to peace. sent in British
troops in 196‘) as a response to new
riots.

At the beginning of the occupation.
the British forces were welcomed by
both factions. The Catholics believed
their rights would now be guaranteed.
while the Protestants felt that the
soldiers would support them in any new
lighting.

However. the British troops did not
stop the incidents. and soon the military
began indiscriminate searches. and was
given special powers. Soldiers were able
to hold anyone they wished to for an in-
definite amount of time. Her Majesty's
Prison. the Maze. became a symbol of
the new policy of internment. For the
next decade. an average of 12.000
soldiers would be tied Up in Ulster. Over
270 were killed between 1970 and
1977. perfect targets for l.R.A. guns.

For several years after the
Parliament's suspension. general
reforms were made. but not fast
enough. as extremist Catholic groups
gained control of the Civil Rights move-
ment. These extremists supported the
l.R.A.. as they saw the British troops
supporting the Protestants.

The Protestants today in Ulster are
now weary of the soldiers they once
welcomed. and they see the troops as
traitorously holding the U[)A back.

Atid caught in the middle are the
moderates. Protestants and Catholics
alike, who. although not directly a part
of the violence. have lost children.
parents. relatives and friends. people
who have seen their livelihoods ruined
by indiscriminate bombings.

Only two things are certain; the
soldiers can't leave. because if they did
the fighting that would occur would
make Beirut look like a mindless military
exercise

And the soldiers can't stay. because
their very presence is escalating l.R.A.

rancor and activity.

 

So what hope is there today? Not a
lot.

But maybe a little.

Throughout the strife. there ltave
been small calls. calls that have gone
mostly unheard in the din of the boian
and the stifling effect of the hatred. But
they are there.

in 1977 two of those voices were
heard around the world when Betty
Williams and Matread Corrigan were
awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for their
efforts to try to end the bloodshed.

The voices are there but they aren't
loud enough: and in the well of despair
that urban warfare draws from. when
children under five are taught that it's
heroic to try and kill British soldiers with
rocks. no single voice will be loud
enough.

Especially not mine.

i used to be an outspoken l.R.A. sup-
porter: it seemed to me Something to
hold up as an example of the lrish
heroically fighting for their GodGiven
rights which the British had so brazenly
confiscated.

l retnember how proud 1 was that. on
a trip to London as a sophomore. i saw
signs on every single car in the
Underground. telling passengers to
beware of “unattended packages." and
to alert the traininen if one was spotted
-—- but "DON'T GO NEAR THE
PACK/\(ili " warned the Signs.

“That's because of the l.R.A.." I said
grandly to Mario. a nice Staten island
boy who'd probably never been farther
from the island than the Poconos until
that trip. But I also remember looking
around. just to make sure that there

‘were no “unattended packages" lying

around.

Right now. there's a group of people
meeting in ireland called the New
lreland Forum. All four of the Republic's
political parties and the Catholic party of
Ulster. the Social Democratic Labor
Party. are represented. and they are‘
seeking answers to the problem.

According to Mr. David Wigg. an of-
ficer at the United Kingdom's UN Con-
sulate in Manhattan the Forum is a
welcome step in London’s eyes in the
search for a solution to the troubles. i
guess that's because the British solution
of force plus more force with a healthy
dose of repression hasn't been much of
a picnic.

 

 

 

o .‘
PE.
1?
‘1
. .
..
. .
M
E y .
.5
’ AK
..
i‘. '1" "
i . 3 ; ‘
x
.
. ‘ -‘. ,
y" I
; f.) 9— J

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

/\ spokesperson for the Irish Con—
sulate asstiied me the Forum was taking
into account the Concerns of the Pro—
testants in any possible solution. and
Mr. Wigg agreed wholeheartedly. Pie
also pointed out that the Ulster Pro-
testants had refused to take part in the
Forum.

Somehow this Forum. as promising
as it may seem. doesn't look like it‘s go-
ing to come up with any promising solu-
tions. For one thing. Paisley has already
sworn to destroy any plan the Forum
may come up with.

As quoted in the London Times on
June 1. 1983. Paisley said that Ulster
would never accept "enticement" into
“the priest state of the lrish Republic."
He was speaking the night before the
Forum's first meeting.

Paisley also said. “Our answer will
always be no. This is not the answer of

 

bigoted. blinded. misled Ulstei'men."

But it really is. and more importantly
it is the answei of a group of hate~ridden
"ministers" At least the IR A. has the
decency not to parade so obviously
behind the mask of Christianity.

The New lreland Forum is due to
release its report in a few months.
atlthough what good it will avail any of
us is not certain: as long as the l.R.A.
and l_i.l)./\. are willing to keep the walls
of their hatred well artiied there won’t
be much peace. if any at all.

My grandfather fought in the l.R.A..
not today's but yesterday’s — a day
when lreland was fighting for its life as a
nation. Today the l.R.A. isn't fighting a
colonial war. but a civil war. not on the
battlefield but in the streets where
children used to play. . .and probably
still do when there isn't a tank rolling by
or when the snipers aren't shooting. [3

 

 

 

 

 
   
     

L"-

  

 

