... -.....~a...-...--..... -1 ar— ......«-. s...“

-.»~- W's

   
    
  

APRIL 10. 1934

‘

APRIL 10. 1984

 

 

 

On writing

Writer’s Festival Celebrate

or three days and three nights the fourth annual SUNY Writer’s Festival found I

 

1' Twain of Thought

  Review:  TWAIN TONIGHT

by Ian Spelling

 

 

.. ..._.me~.¢~w.y_ .

Macadam...“ “we...

 

.4?
.15
r

 

‘ herhood of . ’ 
( ’n Mondavy March 26 1984 Mark Passeda310.000 bill to show off $40 worth of ' hands and works for the brot Michelle “re” return. from ‘he SUNY wrucr. read“. Im. h hi dland
' I I" I Ill 5. blankets. and coffee cups right here In Albany. And on t, e]! r I V
:twtgrlgc‘fglsalltw lemming lltsl'l'hhplul“. inﬁrmity?" "linl'f'heli ano accentuate his point Mr. Twain stood frightening |" “Sell- Bl" the trick lightning Pressed. Below is an imagined Interview with a writer who hm ebb/nine oi the gathering. some rather inspiring readings took place at The
l behlnd a 'we'" 'mnaung a preaChe" “9' mm m. a lwemy'lom high Shadow 0’ a was inspired by the conference. AI right. Michelle relaie‘ New York state Museum.

Forget that Twatn'died nearly 75 years ago. Congress . . . and one In prison." . '
With Hal Holbrook portraying the legendary Mr. Twain refused to spend the night
author In an ebulent performance. a listener spouting harmless stories. Hls keen wlt forced
would have sworn Twain himself was the'
guest speaker at is displaced literature course. religion and politics were concerned.

Separating Holbrook the actor from Twain “Teddy Roosevelt — a great

him to shoot from the hip where matters of ‘

the man necessitated the use of a fine-tooth
comb. How could the old. grey haired. and
feeble man that tattered about the stage be the
same lecherous man who had so brutally
disposed of his wife In Creepshow? But there
he stood. Holbrook more than sounded the
part; he was the part. It appeared as If Twain
lived In order to allow Holbrook to play him.
and not vIce-versa.

The intimacy Proctor's allows gave the au-
dience an additional thrill. The smell of
Holbrook's cigar permeated the air. A hidden
microphone removed all further restrictions of
space and time. Holbrook didn't need to
shout; his sighs and heavy breathing echoed
perfectly well.

Mr. Twaln spoke to the audience respectful-
ly. as If they were a large group of friends
gathered in his office to talk shop. He perform-
ed tidbits of many of his most well-known
works. he told stories. anecdotes. and even a
ghost story. He traypsed around the stage
quite spriter for a man soon to reach the
seventy first anniversary of his existence on
this planet. "I will be seventy one years old.
and If l'm alive I'll be as good as dead."

Mr. Twain. puffing away on an ever-present
cigar declared. “I don't like to be called a great
author. Most great authors are dead. Chaucer
Is dead. Milton Is dead. Even Shakespeare Is
dead. And I'm not feeling too well myself."

On one'of those days that the writer felt Ill
he happened to be residing at a hotel. it was
there that a lady friend suggested he drink a

 

hunter . . .and conservationist. He created
the National Parks System so he could get all
the animals In one place. He shot a bear In
Louisiana once. when he could have stayed In
Washington and shot a Senator."

"The Christian Principle —-& nothing needs
reform so much as other people's habits."

When Mr. Twain followed a large cloud of
smoke onto the stage for the second part of his
chat the mood turned somewhat somber. He
told of Huck Finn and Huck's black friend Jim.
but concentrated on his hatred of war.

"Man Is the only animal that deals with the
atrocities of war. He washes the blood off his I

 

 

gerated mannerisms and all. "We ask that they
(the enemy) stain the white snow with the
blood of their feet. We ask that this be done In
the name of Love."

He questioned man's fighting motto "Our
country - right or wrong!" But Mr. Twain sav-
ed his cryptIc sarcasm for another Infamous
motto which states “even though the war be
wrong We be in It." Said Twain. “Not even a
burglar could have said that better."

Perhaps the most dramatic moment of the
evening arrived in the form of a wonderful
old-fashioned ghost story. As the lights dimm-
ed. Mr. Twain explained that an old negro
slave nicknamed Uncle Daniel used to tell the
tale In the dark to a group of happily In~
tegrated black and white children.

The story about a dead women who wanted
her stolen gold arm back was not particularly

 

 

lurking Twain re-created the aura that the
children must have felt. When the punchline
came and the light shot back on. Mr. Twain
fiercely pointed an accusatory finger at an un-
suspecting vIsItor; nearly all of those In at-
tendence rose momentarily from their Seats.

Mr. .Twaln provided some insights lnin his
own persona. As a youth he yearned to be a
steamboat pilot. "the only Independent
human being living on the earth at that tlmc."
When he realized that was not to be Twain
resigned himselito Journalism. Young Samuel
Clemens. from Hannibal. Missouri. then wrote
a regretfully cruel story lampornllng a
respected pllot named Mark Twain.

Several years later. Clemens heard the
news of the ancient marlner's death. Clemens
then adopted the name Mark Twain. swearing
It would be “a sign and symbol of the petrified
truth."

Twain ended his Informal dissertation by
gently Iweeking the nose of the human hire
one last time. "When I get to the othci side I
Intend to use my influence to drown llll.’
human race. No mistakes this time, NI) .nk "

He had entered the world In 1815 with
Haley's Comet and expected to go out the
same way. Two of God’s freaks had joined lllt‘
world simultaneously and thUlLl most linIy
exit the Identical way.

Holbrook truly owned the stage. No music
No supporting players. Just a large Clliilr, .i
book strewn table, and a lecturn. During one
sequence he simply toyed with a white hon-
dkerchlef while talking. Many in the audience
laughed hysterically. When he mutnhlud
under his breath a lady was prompted to say
“he sounds like my fatherl"

the texture of the event. For those of you who missed it, the
two outstanding poems reprinted here represent the quail-
ty of the work that was read this past weekend. Both were
written by SUNYA students who participated in the con-

ference.

When did you realize that you had become a
writer?

"That Is as good a question as It Is a bad
one. Perhaps i should begin with the pencil
problem. Over the last few months I've realiz-
ed that trying to write with a pen Is nothing
more than a futile. anger provoking attempt to
cereate poetic progeny. In an effort to rectify
the situation just a bit. I resorted to pencils.
Pencils are great for writing because you can
abuse them In wanton frenzles. They also
have a fixed lifespan and are relatively Inex-
pensive. The only problem Is that erser mor-
tality Is very high these days. I've had to pur-
chase one of those fleshy pink rectangular
erasers (the ones that everyone used for the
sixth grade math and SRA's) just to keep up
with the lead. I must admit that l have not
outgrown drawing silly nothings on them and
trying to rub the black spots off with other
erasers."

Was the pencil problem the end ofyour mm
[or realization?

“No. not really. Another phase In my writer
realization period occured three years ago
when l was writing on everything from gum
wrappers to discarded paper bags. l was
beginning to feel that I needed a somewhat

ribbon. To appease myself and the eyes of my
Xerox readers I chose lllm ribbon over nylon.
Reuseable ribbon to me Is like a reusable
poem. It just doesn't make an impression."

What. if anything. makes a writer different
[rom your John Doe. your Jane Smith?

“To tell you the truth. nothing. Just as
everyone listens to different radio stations. dif-
ferent people are tuned to different frequen-
cies relative to living. Writers In general are
more In tune with what most people don't
have the time to think about. I.e.. the move-
ment of a hand. the path of a tear. Other hob-
bies and occupations require different sen-
sitivities. All around l'd say we're just a small
part of a vast circle of possible visions."

Have you any advice to give to aspiring
writers?

“Yes and no. Yes. keep on writing. If It is
possible. attend readings and lectures that
even go beyond the borders of your genre.
One of the biggest dangers involved in allow.
Ing yourself to communicate humanity is get-
ting locked into solitary confinement. See the
world behind the eyes of others whose lots are
not exactly what you aspire to.

 

In the Orientation Theatre of the museum. one could hear the rapid shufﬂing of‘
papers. dog eared and thumb worn. amid nervous huffs and puffs. it seemed as If an
air of familiarity was present among the unaquainted faces. a sort of collected calm in .
the midst of some unknown. -

The open reading for SUNY students began. I had chosen to chicken out. I read at
the open reading for women writers on Thursday night and my desire to read had
been satiated. l was here to catch soft c's and 5’s slipping past the poets’ lips. H ‘
It would be futile to try and explain Just what dreams and Images were evoked In the
audience. It would be like trying to surmise a Dickens novel In one paragraph. There is
however. a way toicome close. Jennifer Pruden and Louis Schwartz. two of SUNYA s
most respected undergraduate poets, attended the reading. Pruden had won a place
In the Broadside Contest. along with four other SUNYA students. (The contest was a
SUNY-wide writing contest). Schwartz had been chosen to do another reading
showcasing talented SUNY writers. ‘

Louis Schwartz has recently received a full scholarship in Brandeis’ Ph.D program.
Pruden. fortunately. will be attending graduate school at SUNYA. On May third.
noontime In the Humanities Lounge, she will be giving a poetry reading with two other
poets as part of The Jawbone Reading Series held by the English Department each

semester.

What to Do With A Dead Body

I. data as to name

date time of arrival drunkeness it is not rape
and by whom the exam- clandestine Injury on a

ination was requested v woman
V.examlnation of body
The body may have been general and local
disposed of in some
SUSplCious manner .‘he trussed body of an elderly
. woman shut In a trunk
“'OlJSFWWOHS 0" me in Maidenhead after suffocation
girls character and

 

quart ofdwtiskey per day. Another women
propose t 2 same solution, .“That's half a l"lolbruol< sporting painted age lines ian l t ' “ ‘ 2 M ' ii ‘i ii i e nil ’
' i ‘ ‘ more stable medium and so I chose typing That IS my yes. y no 15 id tcr rct y I I by gaggmg
3:210": (inaly-h: “fl: "1 Slfeliffal’lyhlhallnlghl? rubber "055' was Mark Twaln‘ This iml'” “m' paper along with the typewriter. About a year Isn't anything profound that I can say to in- her bdmumur and binding
baptized .. g m r ‘ ' ‘ “US l was not adequalely be expressed He Cf'l’llv"l"‘l after this I became perturbed by the quality of fluence any of you. Just breathe. live. and . a lew fragments of Skeletal
‘ hls “(Hence Wllh candor' "0‘ ngallly' “’llh print I was getting nLtl of my reuseable nylon know that you are living," l l She was lying by ‘1 lance bl bone three gall-stones intact
legs Spread [eel “Mom/mm y upper and lower dentures

He then jumped Into a very amusing story
about a young man intent on killing himself.
“Would-be suicides are very interchangeable."
said Mr. Twain. The man wanted to use a,
pistol but could not afford to purchase one.
Offered Mr. Twain. "A fork would have been
easier. Anyway. he decided to drown himself.
But he was a good swimmer." A life-preserver
was tossed into the water and the guy was un-
fortunately saved. Mr. Twain suggested pawn-
Ing the llfe-preserver In order to purchase the
rne necessary pistol. Following some hesita-
tion and prodding from the illustrious author
the young man pulled the trigger. Recalled

 

 

whimsy rather than insult. Even when he
seemingly forgot a line he Incorporated Il into
the act. For all anyone knows it may have
been done Intentionally. Many of his jokes hit
the mark due to the precise timing of the pun-
chline. Everything clicked.

Moments after the show ended Holbrook
graciously signed autographs. He was still in
costume. Still Mark Twain. However, the
signature read “Hal Holbrook." He remarked
that “We had a great audience tonight." but it
takes two to tango. Had Holbrook not been as
terrific as he was the audience would not have
reclprocated. Holbrook was either overly

positioned

 

 

fins Rean SHRCKS. I .
Fiunuv FINISH rlr rile
nun nu. Iunvc arr 1b .

ELEBRRTE WITH IS FIFTY,
It ' SY COKE.

\\ rims. nic'mm'u. cw r1515 “ -
I .

  

Vl.taking of vaginal
smears of a swab

a blanket casually thrown
the usual position

m‘ a fun Story in hsr the injury was superficial
ow" war 5 but the old lady was bruised easily

Vll.writing a full report
of this at once and
keeping a copy of it

many a girl who sets out to imitate
her older sister dresses
suggestiver uses cosmetics
I freely conducts herself

has only herself to blame Un direct skin abrasion

Mr. Twain. “Blew a tunnel straight through his
modest or he slmplyfalled to realize that the .
233:]; mg“ cou‘ltd'rgil‘ljglrallll‘mﬁ: "r-ell 0:12:12; audience applause and Intense Interest was IV.reniarks on disorder LAWFUL by 0 “mm. f I ce
and he WA; gem to Con 9 9 their way of returning the favor as best they ' h‘ CARNAL reprOdumon a sur a
gress . . . where he “"" '  could i ‘ of ha” 6’0! mg KNOWLEDGE 0! swliCh
' SlOCkmgs footwear OF A diamond patterned leather

Interview: Holbrook On His one

 

—Man Show

 

WOMAN finish used
has only herself to WITHOUT to whip the girl bound

blame if he takes advantage of

 

 

lIEY Pliit. "ow BUDDY“, You

  

    

d' b d
her sleep in Scotland of her CONSENT and 30999 ‘n e

.4

 

 

   

 

 

eautlful Proctor's The terI s h . ' THINK I Com—D 35“ 3 3" Jennifer Pruden
lady provlded an unusauai Brien: all; Zliﬁltgvélllle‘éztllolillnil" 5:2“th hoaostexua' lame" d" was ‘he "'5‘ by Ian e” ° “mm of you ? -
Impromptu interview with ~Hal d} t I n S” 2‘: was [ream sermushl 0" in \

ng ou about him I became Interested. g a g [I A Series of Reallllllonl

television. It created quite a stir. but I’m proud
because It was well done." Holbrook Is also
satisfied with the upcoming mini-series George
Washington. In which he plays John Adams.

Holbrook Is a star and a well-respected ac~
tor. but he is certainly no celebrity. He prefers
quality work. but has been forced to take roles
In some lesser films. He took an assignment In
John Carpenter's hlt horror movie The Fog.
because “It's a job to make a living. l have to
make a living. I can't Just pick and choose."

His Innate ability to transfer acting skills from
the stage to the screen and back again has
allowed Holbrook to last a long time In a pro-
fession In which many would-be actors
become has~beens, Holbrook's durability also
manifested a vast knowledge of both the stage
and the screen.

Holbrook feels that If a play fails on Broad-
way. despite positive critlcal notices
something is wrong with the production Itself.

Acting." believes Holbrook. "Is you. And if it

Holbrook. The actor was there to perform his Holbrook's trademark is his orira

one man ShOW- Ma’k Twain Tcnlghir "’19 tTwain. but beinga well-rounded aztor ellgblgsf

following eVenan- him to delve Into new projects and wear other
Seated In the hauntingly empty theater. masks

which would soon be filled with an applauding l .

crowd of over three thousand. Holbrook

recalled his past and looked toward the future.

As we relaxed in our twelfth row seats. the

conversation began.

"(With film). altar your scene they take it
and edit It. Your performance then becomes a
tool for the editor and director to build it film
You do not have ownership of your work. no
control."

While candidly critical of the art of film
Holbrook nevertheless defended director
George A. Romero. Romero. known for llls
gory cult classics — The Night 0/ [lie l.Il’III§] -
Dead and Down 0/ the Dead. was at the helm
of Creepshow. With Creepshmn, Roiiit'w
directed his first major commercial motion [llt'
ture with a well-known cast. Members inclnd
ed E. G. Marshall. Fritz Weaver. Ted liniwlll
and Leslie Nielson. The film consisted of "In!"
excursions in horror." one of which fi‘tllilit‘tl
Holbrook as a murderous husband.

Despite Romero's lack of experience in
dealing with a seasoned cast. lic llillltllt'tl
ll‘lngs Well. The picture become {I huge hm
office success.

The truth of dead words.
How alive they are. and full of breath
' of water. and the sharp smell of pine.
To learn them Is to suck backward.
Gathered together
On an amulet
The letters huddle for warmth
Beneath the tongue and speak
Like a flock of small-eyed crows

Asked what he was doing In the small
to each other.

Schenectady theatre. Holbrook glanced at the
massive chandelier and somewhat defensively
said, "l’m here Just to make a living. I was
booked here just like i am booked Into any
other town In the country."
I I , The bookan of a one-man show Is not the
i  ' generally accepted norm in show business.
‘ Said Holbrook, “Why not? it's nothing new.
One man shows have been done for centuries.
“Besides.” reminisced Holbrook. “i had a

To speak in you is to suck backwards.
Lips flutter. but no sound is heard.
The air is taken away. and the crows begin to drop.

 

 

one by one
between its

 

 

wet fire tips hiss out the lanterns.

   

;. choice: drive a cab. or sell hats while trying to d i‘ n I
come an actor In New York City or do this Des" 53 5 3’ V°ut "‘6 aUdlenCe can't b Accurdi H I " ' v I ’ ’ l’l “l” "W “B
T - sausl ‘ ‘ e ng to o brook. Working till tin MU“ V J _. . _ I. i g
' show (Twain). t dtd it to support my {arm}, I ple 3:21;,“ how can you enloy It iiihe per» picture was lovely. and that word (lusctllit's As an ornament igdltlcilclt ‘11:] IMIHMI hiﬂke
all ()5 0| .

 

George well. He's all together. and totally 11""
fessional. He's klitd to and considerate of ills
actors. which helps you to do good work Ili-
has the most consistent temper on the set driy
after day. Nothing rattles him."

Although Holbrook appeared weary rill“
countless rehearsals. performances. and miles
, on the mad. he maintains a grateful opilmlS'"
about his life as an actor. “I love my lob. l'VL'
been lucky V— acting has been my job for 3"
years and I hope It will continue." l l

While proud of much of his work, Holbrook
chose Twain Tonight as his personal favorite.
“Twain Is a remarkably successful show. Hon,
can i not say It's my favorite?" However. he
added, “l’m Very proud of my series The
Senator. even though It only lasted one
season. I'm proud of my play Our Town. I'm
rﬁoudhol my part in All the Prflsident's Men. I
t oug t it was an important Im. I am ver make It {I . ma
proud of That Certain Summer. in which’l yours. y ke n land. The resPDnSIblmy '5

made 50 to 75 dollars doing the one-man
show In schools. I had no Idea It would
develop Into what It did.

“Acting paid little at the start. in 1942 i did
summer-stock theater and was paid 15 dollars
a week for three plays — 42 years ago. Out of
college In 1948, I've never earned ‘a living as
anything but an actor."

Holbrook learned about Mark Twain during
his years In college. “I didn't know anything

The challenge involved with working before

a responsive audience entices Holbrook. Said
‘Holbrook. “I prefer the stage to the screen
(T here are) more rewards for an acotr. You
get more back: Immediate reaction. audible
response. right then and there. You are In
control of yonr performance. You arch It. You

The old words slip
Through cracks in the amulet

;. go.

0000

.._ . cum

 

Spoken. perhaps.

for the last time.

 

Louis Schwartz

 

ﬁ-

 

 

 

 

 

