;.;.. _.-r-";.., a- .t‘ A

l

    
  
 
    
 
  
     
     
  
   
  
   
 
 
   
     
  
  

  
  

 

 

 

2 ALDANYgUDENT Firms in TUESDA r, MARCH 27. I984
 H m”?! \ “3'9- .

 

  

economic itttpact.
Sen. Bennett Johnston. D-l.a.. itoped this
week to win Senate approval ol .1 si\-montlt

 

US diplomlot shot

Strasbottr . France

(AP) A gunman on a motorcycle ihot anc‘
wounded the Head of the U.S. consulate hert
as the diplomat was being driven to worl
Monday morning.

The consul general. Robert Onan Homme.
43. was hit once in the head and once in the
neck. but police said the wounds were nut
serious. There had been no prior threat and
no group immediately claimed responsibility.
police said.

.The shooting occurred as Homme was or
his way from his home in a suburb north at
thts eastern French city to the consulate
located near the Place de La Republique in
Strasbourg, seat of the European Parliament
and home of the Council of Europe.

Rebel leaders confer

largest oil companies. The hart uottld be at-
tached to a hill providing additional U.S. aid
to El Salvador.

Johnston ordinarin is an ally of the oil in-
dustry. Bttt with titree ot the biggest cot-
porate mergers in history announced in the
last ntonth. Johnston said. some study is in
order to detcrtuinc what effect the tucrgcrs
have on oil csploration and on the economy
tn general.

Johnston. who is the senior Detttocrat in
the Senate Energy and Natural Resources
Committee. said every dollar demted to thet
takeovers is a dollar not used for oil esplora-'

    
  
    
     
 
 
   
 

 

 

 

Refugees settle In

Weston, VI.
(AP) A family of Guatemalan refugees setti‘
cd tnto their new home. a ﬁve bedroom
house on the grounds of the Weston Priory
after being delivered during the weekend bya'
church group's cross-country “ovcrground
railroad" that deﬁed federal immigration

 

 

Beirut, Lebanon

(AP)Lebanese leadersconi’crrchonday over
how to fill the security vacuum which will be
left when French peacekeeping troops com-
plete their withdrawal from the capital.

.ln West Beirut. Drusc fighters agreed to
give up positions they captttred last week
from a Libyan-backed Mosiem group. the
Mourabitoun. However. Mosiem and Chris-
ttan militiamen clashed overnight in Beirut's
center. killing two people and injuring i4
before the fighting tapered off after
daybreak. police said.

 

in their native Guatemala. the family of
Mayan Indians. a farmer and a weaver and
their five young children. normally arose as
early as 4 arm. in the highlands village they
said they had to flee because death squads
were looking for them.

The week-long. l.400-mile caravan from
Chtcago was punctuated by stops in cities
along the way for suppers. prayer services.

 

dustry Iﬂkctlu‘rs uhiie Congress studies their and news conferences where the refugees and
their escorts criticized U.S. immigration
policies and military aid to Central America.
. The refugees and their conductors slept on Peter Ruane. a Pop“.
ntoratortttnt on on tttergcrs among the 50 church floors in Cincinnati. Hafflelth. Pﬂ-r
Washington. Philadelphia. Schenectady.
NY. and Cambridge. Mass.

Felnstein honored

(AP) French President Francois Mitterand
received a warm greeting Sunday from  
thousands of people as he began a visit by
unexpectedly presenting Mayor Dianne
Feinstein with the Legion of Honor. his na-
tion‘s highest award.

"um Mitterrand. in a brief. private ceremony in
the mayor’s office. gave Feinstcin the gold
medal and red ribbon. said Bill Eastham, her
press secretary.

An estimated 2.000 people jammed City
Hall to watch as Feinstein presented him with
the keys to the city. There are about 40.000
people in the Franco-American “colonic
francais" in the San Francisco Bay area.

a. Statewide

 

(AP) A man pretending to be walking with a
seeing-eye dog entered St.Patrick's Cathedral
over the weekend and placed an attache case
on the altarjust as Mass was ending, forcing
the evacuation of hundreds of worshippers.

Sean Towey of Queens was issued
mons for disorderly conduct and r
followmg the incident. accortiin

a sum.
clotted
L'. in sgL
spokesman. Depunmcm

Although the man never gave any ind- .
tion that the case contained a bomb Ku-
poiicc bomb squad with botnb~sttiffin hum
was called around i:40 p.tn. Stmdav jgttsto'g‘
the l2:45 p.m. Mass was about toetiti In {In
the case. police found papers. litillkhilildﬁ't:

San ancism’ Ca. irish passport, said Officer I’aul Rilgliocw

New for}; Ci“.
(AP) Anthony Alvarado has been suspcndyﬂ
with pay from his job as chancellor of the na.
lion's largest school system and ordered to
answer to charges of improper conduct. a
development his attorney called "quite an.
propriate."

Attorney Thomas Puccio said itc approved
of Sunday's action by the Board of Trustee;
because it give Alvarado “a vehicle to ansttcr
the accusations in an appropriate forum."

Alvarado has taken an indefinite leave of
absence from his $95.000-a-ycar job [0 dc.
fend himself against the charges. which stem
from an alleged mishandling of his personal
financial affairs. He asked last week that he
be granted a trial before the Board ufEduca-

 

4.

Cathedral evacuated non.

The board’s action Sunday followed a
report from the city‘s Department of In-
vestigation which found that Alvarado had
exhibited “a serious lack ofjudgmcnt" in ac-
ecpting loans from subordinates. failing to
pay parking tickets and filing I'ttlsc loan
documents.

New York City

 

Ballot count stopped

San Salvador. El Salvador
(AP) Officials suspended ballot counting in
El Salvador's presidential election after a
dtsputc about the impartiality of those handi-
tng the cottnt. cappittg a day in which
bureaucracy did more titan bullets to prevent
thousands front voting.

The first results front Sunday's eight-way
election were not expected to be available un-
it] Monday afternoon. according to officials
of the Central Elections Cottncii which over-
saw the voting

Officials predicted there would be fewer
ballots to count than expected. Thousands
were prevented from voting in the Central
American nation's first presidential election
srnce i977 by a shortage or absence of
ballots. ballot boses, registrations lists and
cleetton officials at hundreds of precincts.

Zlationwide

Oil takeovers studied

 

 

 

il'ushirtgturt, D. C.
(AP) The recent announcement of $29 billion
tn oil company mergers is prompting Senate
consideration of a bait to more petroleum in-

PREVIEW OF EVENTS
free listings

Community Service Registra-
tion for the Fall. 1984
semester will be held Tuesday,
March 27 through Thursday.
March 29, to am. to 4 pm. out-
side Lecture Center 3.

“Unlearning Judtnm: Clear-
ing Up Common Misconcep-
tions about Jews and
Jewishneee" is the topic at

 

 

It was Gebbagabba-hey Friday night as the Ramones

available In the Cam us

Center Lobby and at the dgor.

The Steven Clyde Band will be

presented Thursday. March 29

Sty Pauly: Hotel on Central
enue. or inter

7857897 matton, call

March 29, In the

Cfnter. room 343. campus
“ oin Hands-Join Heart-"wt
Telethon '84 this Fridatyh
March 30 at 8 pm. through
Saturday, March 31 at 8 pm
, lickets tor the T.V. Hour musi
m: cg... w... be presented tn H23."i§’2‘:?=‘3.225‘i¥§"°3' 7'“
wedneszaayczmlqelagfg Donn to 9 pm. The T.V. H00? willi'bne
Tickets will cost $10 with a tax a fad 8mm” on Channel 23

weekly discussions card and $1250 wi "om 10'" 8"" °" h

. thout. and . " ° 5””9' 13
Thursdays, 4 pm. In campus will go on sale Thursday, 2:5,,112'30‘1130 p'm” and W
Center 873. “Women's Sex Roles and ' a 10mm 2.3 p'm‘

Iroot-rd- King. daughter or
ertn Luther King Jr.. will talk by iva Deutchme

speak on Tuesday. March 27 at Wednesday. March 28. «1232
8 pm. in the Campus Center pm. In the Humanities
Ballroom. Tickets will be Building, room 354.

Power" will be the topic at a A Biology CoIIOqqum will be

held Friday, March 30, at 410
pm. In the Biology Building
room 248. Walter Block or Cot:
umbla University will speak on

   

   

    

played in the Ballroom.

  

 

 

 
 

A.

LISA SIMMONS UPS

\—

    

"Functionai and fame I
Morphology of Woodpeckgrgé'!
American-intuit Relations-
What Role for the Jewish Com:
.munlty" will be the topic of a
251676;: on Tuesday, March 27
: pm. In the For I
Arts Center Recital Haiﬁrmlng

day. March 29, at 7:30 and 10
pm. in Lecture Center 1.
Tickets will cost $1 with tax
cards. and $1.50 without.

A Mathematics Colloquium
will be presented Wednesday.
March 28 at 4 pm. in the Earth
Science Building, room 152.
JBrag/e Kitchens of the Thomas
. also 9 a Center.
attract a    2132.. a.
the “Mary ro'o ' p‘m-ln "Topological Problems in
Randal h Ft "1 98. William Symbolic Dynamics."

 2. “33:21:23?”    W A
with Bamama dP “Grams Historical Perospectlve" wi“
“unhamddln Olyhedra." be the topic of a talk bY
presented.) ,;'?'“mvwmbe SUNYA History Professor
Film Group yawenmeuggggfl Richard Kendall, on Wednesv
Studies Department on Thures. stanza?" 26' at 12 W". m

   
    
    
    
  
   
   
    
     
     

A Computer Science Collo-

     
  
  
   
  
   
 
     
 
  
   
    
    
   
   
  
  

 

      

 

B ilene Welnstetn
srarr WRITER
The Social Alternative (TSA) has been in-
cittdcd in Student Association (SA) President
Rich Schaffcr's budget proposal for next year
despite a budget committee recommendation
against funding the recently formed group.
The Budget Committee. each year.
prepares a recommended budget which goes
to the SA President. who makes any changes
he or she feels are necessary and then it is sent

'to Central Council for them to vote on it.

The main reason for the Budget Commit-
tee's refusal to fund TSA was “duplication
of services." according to Chairperson of the
Budget Committee Steven Sinatra. in addi-
tion to TSA. other groups denied funding in~
cittde the Social Welfare Association. the An-
thropology Club and Revisionist Zionist
Alternative (RZA).

According to Sinatra, many of the services
offered by TSA are already offered by Mid-
dle Earth and the Quad Boards.

Quad Boards and "cultural groups have
parties that promote cultural awareness" and
social interaction. Sinatra said. citing two oi
TSA’s goals. Workshops and speakers in-
cluded in the TSA budget were a duplication
of Middle Earth's services. he continued.

Sinatra also pointed out that although one
of TSA’s goals is to de-emphasizc alcoholic
consumption at social events. one of three
proposed events for next semester inclttdcd a
request for six kegs. “This does not show a
dc-emphasis on alcohol.” he said.

According to Sinatra. TSA planned to use
a color-coded statttping system at its parties
which would allow certain people with a cer-
tain color stamp to drink during designated

% Budget Committee deniestunding

half-hour periods.

“This does not promote social
interaction." said Sinatra. adding that it
would “separate drinkers from
non-drinkers." This would be "difficult to
enforce." he said. “and could not be carried
out efficiently." '

The Budget Committee also felt that the
group's stated‘purpose was "vague and am-
biguous.” according to SA Controller Adam
Barsky. an ex-officio member of the commit-
tee. “We are not denying them recognition.
We're denying them funds." he explained.
adding he saw no reason for them (TSA) to
have funding.

"Alcohol has nothing to do with social in-
teraction." said TSA President Mike Butler.
adding that his group believed that it was the
purpose of the Budget Committee to cttt
down the number of kegs asked for. “They
should not have rejected it out right. They
should have talked to us." he said.

“Our purposes are no tnore vague and am-
biguous than other groups." said Btttier.
“We are consolidating functions no other
group has done." he maintained. Many
freshmen have expressed interest in TSA
because of the increase in the drinking age.
he said.

The quads would be “very receptive to
ideas with a dc-emphasis on alcohol." said
Barsky. “They (TSA) could also go titrottgh
intcrquad Council." he explained.

"This particular group does not icrtd
credibility to students." said Sinatra. He ad-
ded that he would be in favor of a grottp that
would tic-emphasize alcohol. but he said
TSA does not fill this role.

Both the Social Welfare Student Associa-

TUESDA y, MARCH 27, I984 n ALBANY STUDBNT mass- ,3

 

  

 

 

 

SA Controller Adam Bersky

tor BZA, TSA

    

 

  

. .vj «‘t‘, i ' ‘
IOI LUCKEV UPS

Bur/gel Committee/ell TSA 's purpose was "vague urtdttrtthigttotrs. ”

lion and the Anthropology Club were refer-
red to the Social Science Association to avoid
duplication of services.

in addition to duplicating services provid-
ed by .lSC-Hillci. Sinatra said RZA. which
has been SA-rccogni/cd for thrccyears.is also
fttttdcd by the National Organization Tagar.

its activitcs were also considered political
according to Sinatra. SA will not fund
political groups. he said.

Sehafl‘cr felt that this issue “had a broader
range" than considered by the Burich Corti-
tnittce. Althottgh Schal'fcr has not decided
whether or not to include RZA in his budget

proposal. lte said lie is currently discussing it
with members of RZA and other students.
Groups can tttake a statement before the
committee. but cannot be present when the
cotntttittcc votes on funding. said Sinatra.
The committee does not have specific
guidelines for denying funding. be said. but
SA will not fund l‘ratet'nites'. political grottps.
religious groups. and those groups that
duplicate services. ‘

Groups dctticd funding can appeal the
decision. first to the Budget Committee. sc-
com] to the SA President. and third to Cen-
tral Council. ' l

Declining sales may prompt Rat to reduce hours

  

The Rathskelier Bar
Mrt v close (luring "store hours“ on Sillill‘t/ILI'X.

 

By John Skelly

UAS may close the Rathskcllar but during
certain “slow hours" on Saturdays. because
of decreasing sales. according to Banquet
and Catering Manager Bob Loi'tus.

The Rathskeliar bar. which is separate
from the Snack liar, has been losing tnoncy
since the beginning of ast .‘sctltcslcr. said
UAS (icuctal Manager i-I. Norbert lttltm.

As a result. UAS has cttt personnel and
closed the Rathskcllnr bar on Sundays. Zahm
said.

“Very clearly we saw ottr sttlcs go down."
said Zabtn.”and \ve contittttc to see our sales
go down."

The bar has been closed Sundays since the
beginning of the semester because "sales
weren‘t even making payroll." according to
Loftus.

The dccisiott to close the bar on Saturdays
is being considered at this Iitnc. according to
i.oftus.“\Vc'rc checking times" when sales
are down during the day. he explained.

Lofttts said the hours for the Ratitskcllar
hat on Saturday might be changed to 2 pm.
to midnight instead of the ettrrcnt hours of
noon to l a.m.

 

By Alicia Cimbora

.s-mrt tt‘Rl7lz'R

While Democratic presidential hopefuls
gear up for the April 3 New York State
primary. student representatives for the
candidates debated the major issues of the
campaign Monday night in the Campus
Center Ballroom.

The three Dcmocratic candidates.
Walter Mondale. Gary Han and Jesse
Jackson were represented by teams of two
student campaign volunteers.

The debate was sponsored by SUNYA
Young College Democrats.

Debaters addressed a variety of issues,
such as educational aid. budget deficits.
relations in the Middle East. unemploy-
ment and nuclear arms.

On the issue of educational aid.
Jackson representative Van White stress-
cd Jackson's goal of institutional access to
everyone through the government.

He said he feels the government is
responsible for education and that some

 

Students debate democratic

tnilitary fttndingsltottid be pttt into educa-
tion instead.

Mondale spokesman Scan O'Brien cited
increased Pcll grants and work study pro-
grams along with an expansion of the
General Student Loan Program as part of
Mondalc's campaign to improve educa-
tional aid.

Hart representative lli.s'c Levine express-
ed Hart's opposition to the present cut-
backs in the General Student Loan Pro-
gram anti llarl's' belief in the important
role of education in our country.

Unemployment. anotitcr key issue. was
addressed by Mondale representative
iirian Van Groi as one of lite “most
crttciul domestic policies." Mondale. said
Vatt (irol. is for retraining displaced
workers and improving infrastructures.
sttclt as roads and bridges which will
create jobs.

Jackson spokesman Eddie Edwards
cited Jackson's plan to give tax breaks to
corporations in which the money will be

issues for ’84

ttscd to rc-cdtteatc workers in uttsttuccd
technologies rather than displacing them.

l‘liii‘l representative Michael Schmail ex-
pressed Hart's support ol' the improve-
tnent of Diff roads and bridges as part of
Hart‘s 15 year “infrastructure investment
Program."

On the issue of nttclcar weapons.
chinc said Hart supports the Strategic
Arms Limitations Talks (SALT). Hart is
also in favor of a worldwide ban on
plutonium production. she said.

O‘Brien stressed Mondalc‘s concern for
communication with Soviet leaders. He
said Mondale also advocates tight control
on the exportation of weapons material.

White voiced Jackson‘s hope to ac.
complish trust through a tttttttutl open
dialogttc with Russia. Jackson also calls
for a weapons redttctiott. said Wititc.

The debate concluded with Young
Democrats President Patty Salkin eu-
eouraging everyone to vote itt the New

 

York primary on April 3rd. l 't

 

Zaltm said that since July i. 1983. the Rat
has lost U\L'I $5.000. “Sales lot that period
exceed $ltX).00()" ite said. Zahm estimated
sales are down 30 percent from the previous
year. ,
One or the reasons for the decrease in
sales. said Zahm. is “the increase in the
drinking age”. lie cited an approximate
figure of 38-44 percent as the ttttmbcr of on-
catnptts students wlto are under [9. '

Orr-campus students. especially freshmen.
formed the majority of the Rat's sales. accor-
ding to Ztthm.

Shawn Ford. who has tcttded bar at the
Rat for three years. said that sales are down
pritnarily because of tire higher drinking age.
He explained that freshmen as a group used
to form a great deal of tltc Rat‘s sales until
the drinking age became 19.

According to Ford. students are also
bccottting tnorc conscious of the affects of
alcohol on driving ability.

“Students are not drinking as much as they
itavc in tile past."Ford contended.

The Rat is also careful about checking
l.l).'s maintained Ford. Several students
have bcctt caught with false proof and have
been referred to Judicial Board. be added.

“Students are finding other places to
drink“ asserted Loftus. “The Rat can't offer
special ." which httrts when they compete
with bars that do. he said.

Another reason the bar loses money accor-
ding to Lester Hyncs. Director of cash sales
for the campus center is that the Rathskcliar
does not have a cotcr charge even though
there is often iivc ctttcrtainmcnt.

The Rat in fact. ltas “Programming to the
maximum." declared Zahm. However. “on-
ly to a small degree does bringing in more
cntertaintnent bring in more business." he
said. '

Wednesday attd Thursday are the most
profitable days for the bar. according to Lof-
tus. Wednesday is disco night. and Thursday
a band plays. he said. .

Tltc Rathskcllar is cttrrentiy looking into
having campus groups use the Rathskeilar for
parties. said Loftus. This would serve “to
boost weekend sales." he said.

The Rathskellar bar has ordered an
espresso machine. according to Ford. to in-
crease the availability of non-alcoholic
beverages. They also plan to introduce non-
alcoholic bccr. said Hyncs.

Sales in the snack bar are up. according to
Hynes. The Rat continues to be used as “a
place to .socittli/e and gather." he added. Ci

 

 
  

 

 

 

