 

 

- 15:?“ 2"" -"~. -‘

mﬁmk v

 

saw

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cohoee. Music Hall (235-7969)
Jan. 27-29, Feb. 1-5, 8-11: Anything Goes

New York State Museum (474-5842) USIC
Th‘e Humanities Experience; Adirondack
Wildemess: Birds of N.Y.; N.Y. Metropolis;
World of Gems; Firefighting Exhibit i
. New York City Cafe ll (459-9530)

SUNYA Art Gallery (457-3375) d A" . . -

. _ en
Jan. 24 Feb. 26 Enid B ec man an Yunrd‘y'. (489-8066)

Grindle, Robert Motherwill, Fairfield Porter

Albany Institute of History and Art
(463-4478)

Picotte Gallery (454-5185)

THEATRE

- 8th Step C
Capital Repertory (462-4534) Tuesday—
lan. 28-Feb. 19: Living Together

 
 
 

BSlPA (474-1199/474-6143) The Chate
F b is 2

 

 

Drong 5

Jan. 27-28—' Reckless Romance

Babie's (482-9797)
Jan. 27-28— Checkers 6r Squareone

Gemini Jazz Cafe (462-0044)

Lark Tavern (463-9779)
Jan. 27-28— Backstreets

offee House (434-1703)
open stage

Wednesday— game night

all Lounge (465-9086)

etrosp'eot',

Skinnints (436-8301)
Jan. 27-28— Downtime

Palace Theatre (465-3333)

235 Lark (462-9148)
Jan. 31— Lumpen Proles
Feb. 1— The Loonles
Feb. 2— Operation Pluto

Halflnoon Cafe (436-0329)
Skyway (Scotla: 399-4922)

Christopher's Pub (459-7757)
Jan. 27-28— The Towels
Protor's (Schenectady)

FILMS

UA Center 1 8 2 (459-2170)

 

Crossword Puzzle

ACROSS sheep
32 Landed
1 Bridao 33 Evil
5 Court 34 Units of
8 Encourage Siamese
12 Healthy currency
13 Possessed 35 Footlike part
14 Festive 36 Mire
15 Native metal 37 Wattow
16 Bishop’s through mud
headdress as Redact
18 Precious 40 Leak through _
stone 41 Earth
19 Latin goddess
conluncllon 43 Preposition
20 Fruit seeds 44 Additional
21 Babylonian 45 Greek letter
daily 47 Macaw
23 Pronoun 49 Musical
24 Girl's name drama
26 Medllef‘ 51 Aerilorm iluid

ranean vessel
28 Frighten

52 Underrate
55 Castor and

29 Crony: Poliux's
cottoq- mother '
30 Nilth 56 Dance step

 

57 lmitated

6 Grain: pl.
7 Poem
8 Symbol for
silver
9 Container
10 Ingredients
11 Domesticate
16 Underground
excavation
17 Walk
unsteadily
20 Saucy
22 Near
25 Litt ‘

1. Sudden impact 7:20, 9:35; 2. Hot Dog
0

 

 
 
 
 

 
    
 
   
    

Cine 1-6 (459-3300)

1. Terms of Endearment 1:20, 3:50, 6:35,
9:30,- 2. Rear Window 2:00. 4:25, 7:10, 9:45;
3. Uncommon Valor 2:10, 4:40, 7:30, 10:00;
4. Gorky Park 1:25, 4:00, 6:30, 9:15; 5.
Christine 2:15, 4:30, 7:50, 9:40: 6.‘Big Chill

:45, 9:00

 

1:30, 4:00.

RKO Fox Colonic 1 E! 2 (459-1020)
1. To Be Or Not To Be 7:15, 9:30; 2. Two of
a Kind 7:30, 9:45

UA Hellman 1 iii 2 (459-5322)
1. Scarface 8:00; 2. Yentil 7:00, 9:30

Third Street Theatre (436-4428)

Madison Theatre (489-5431)

MISCELLANEOUS

Welcome Back Party
Brubacker Ballroom Jan 28, 9-2, $2 with lax-
card 54 without! YEAH!

 
 
 

- solution on page 2a

 

26 Mournlul 1 2 ‘3
27 Barlegally

4

 

28 Weaken
29 Cushion

 

 

31 Hard-wood

tree
33 Conjunction
34 Toward
shelter

 

 

587 891011

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

36 Smaller
37 Caravansary

 

 

39 Note of

 

 

 

 

 

scale
I 40 Classifies
41 Frenchman
42 Sea eagle
44 Tabieiand
45 Partner
46 Employed
48 Sum up.
50 Vigor: colloq.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

51 Opening
53 Babylonian

 

deity

 

 

51

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

54 Parent:
coiloq.

 

 

 

 

    

   

EY OTIS,
WHO PULLED A GUN ON YOU
AND TRIED ROBBlNG THIS 7
PLACE A FEW MONTHS AGO.

   

 
   
 

WKNOW How TO USE
A COMPUTER ?

   

  

 

 

  

 

Winn 0er THE MOW
0R Id EigAISH IN

   
   

 

- ETTERS.

JANUARY 27, 1984

 

 

 

 

 

w

M

 

 

 

Y

 

 

......~s

 

 

oice grievances

o the Editor:

Many students complain about the advisement offered in
UE and about the many closed sections of courses at Col-
nial Quad prc-registration. i have witnessed pcoplc grumbl.
ing'about lcclurc ccntcr classes of 400-500 stlldcnts.’TA's
wllo can‘t speak English and professors who only scclll to be
on campus long enough to teach. Unfortullzltcly, l’cw pursue
tllcir grievances any further than a LllSCl siotl with tllcir
suitcmatcs over lunch. All Sludcnt Association President. l
have been fortunate enough to get an insidc look all sonic of
tllc workings of this Univcrsity. This has givcn lllc tllc oppor-
tttnity to Sec tllc rctlsons wily ti gr'at many of tllcsc problems
cxist today.

As i rcad Myron Taylor's column “Why not tllc bcst for
SUNYA?," l rculircd l was not alonc ill tlly pcrccption of tllc
problctll on this campus. A rcspcctcd professor who has
taught for many ycttrs also saw tllc gross injustice that has
slowly cvolycd ovcr tllc past few years. Busing most of his
tlrgumcnts on tllc Sclcct Collllllittcc rcport fronl tllc late 70's
(whicltjust happcncd to bc chaircd by lllcll professor Villccnt
O‘Lcury). Taylor claims that thc undcrgrtlduutc lltls llccn
forgotten in terms of planning for lllC t'uturc. i could not
tlgrcc morc with this stlltcnlcllt.

For tllc past months. l have contilluousl ' tlrgucd ttgilillsl
any type of program rcdllction, course closing. or rcltlloca—
tiorl that would dttmagc th‘ ttlrcady fragile undergraduate
program here {It SUNYA. Mttlly of the problcms stcnl frolll
tllc philosophy of the current administration. The clllphasis
is placcd on research and dcvclopmcnl of tllc graduate pro-
gram with the claim that tllc undergrads will bcllcfit.

Spccific examples of this mode of thinking tlrc apparent all
across the campus. Tllc Ullivcrsity SClHllL‘llilS ovcr tllc past
couple of years pllsscu :t llumbcr ot new graduate programs
which "would not require any rcztlloctttion of University
rcsollrccs." ch. professors who teach undergraduate
courses will now lcacll these new grzldllzttc courses. Tllcrc
haven't been any incrcascs ill the faculty positions on this
cttmpus so tl fortll of "reallocation" ticttlttlly takes pltlcc.
hictutwhilc back in tllc English dcpttrtlllcllt. utldcrgrttds arc
lllcky enough to be taught by an adjunct profcssor who also
tltlvcls bclwccn hcrc, Sicnzt and Skidlllorc. You‘re lucky
cllollgh if you can get to see llillt for fi\'c lrlilltltcs after class.

Ollc of tllc most valuable programs was dcstroycd bcl‘orc
tllc end of last sctllcstcr bcczltlsc of a lock of resources.
litlxillcss cducation. tllc highest supplicr of business lcacllcrs
in N.Y. State, was votcd down by the Educational Policy
Council. Tllc graduate nrctt was lllointoillcd though to pro-

 

 

 

 

Eltlblllhld In 1"!
Ollld LL. Lnltln. Edi/u! In Chief
Patricia Mitchell. Menegrng Editor

. Stove Fort, Helm Gratin

  
 
 
  
  
 

News Editors . . . . . . .. .

Associate Nur- Edilor. . Juli Cnmpiona
ASMII Editor . . .. .... . Gall Morrell.John Keenan
Associate ASPects Edllere Stephan Marita
Sound Editor. .. . Jonas Nachstn

   
 

Kim Dombaum
Toni Kﬂca'lilea. Mark Levine
Marc Butmim. Knit" Marder
. Marc Schwarz
Ellwllld Reina:
Kalil-y Growl. Annelta Peiot

EoltorteIP-geeEdllor.  . .
I Ell Maiulsicn

Copy Editors
Photography E

I. SBnlOl Edilal

 

Contributing Editorl: Dean Butt, Debbie Julian, Waynn Puutoboom. Anthony
Sltber. Lise 5min. Editorial Aellllenta: Jane Anderson. Dean Chang. Jim
O'Sutttven. stall writers: Alicia Ctmhora, tan Clements Betsy Ecltei, Ronald
Brain Corals-1. Adam Goodman. Ben Gordon. Ronart Hayes. Eric Hindi",
Atlce McDelmotl. Caryn Misha. Suzanne Murphy, Chilstino Rnttsll. Ll.‘ Reich.
Joe Rain-no. Shelter: Sabin, David singer. Mlcnaol Skomlck. Alan Somktn.
Ian Spelling. Megan Gray Taylor. John lhorourn. lit-try rtscnlm. Keith Van
Allen. Ilene Welnstain. Mark Wltaard. Jon-l thlmotl. Rina youvip. Spectrum
Editors: Elton Fitzgerald. Rom Ginsberg

Judy Toleir. Business Managm
Lynn Sarevll, Assacrate Business Manager
Jens ﬂlrac .Rnonde Woll.4dyariislng Manager
Mills Ktsllner. Sales Manager

 

n.tnaot- Bella!

Gay PHIL'SE

. . . ., .. Jonitita Hamilton

ling . aﬂ‘l hlio'l. Mark Sussman. arcn Golden. Steve Lethal-

man, DBmello Katmiil. Advertising Production: Amy Alter-.onn. Jacklc

oonain. Lee Ettckanit, Etaiitt: Friodut, L-na Mnlalr- .t. can“: Malctts. Ellyit
Muio. snalun out-n. comic eyrn. Lyitite sit-gut. Sloyidl 2mm"

Billing Accountants .
PIyroIiSupenlIor
Cl
A

    
 

Nelly Preltl Production mintan
Donne Agitlel. Sue Plenlnnky Autism": Piotr“: ruin Murmur-rs
LJilctly tinymnn
p. Just: 1 Mr‘Iymltl. Dull Sluhl. lyplltr Jill: Curmnnin Phyllis
Liilltowlll. Chlﬂllolﬂ: Elic Dori

    

i'noloqtapny principally supplied ily U‘iwtlwtly inn-rt. tit-mil- :t Slutlv'll
nioup

Chiei Photographer: Susan blalilt- Mlilrllcll. UPS Silll‘ Iiirly Cilhl‘” 5‘
Leu Cohan. Cindy Gnlwuy, l’iltllp Hitch, Ktrtlily Kttst‘it, Nor-no: Lithlll. o
Lackey. Ed Matusalcli. Lms Muliabunr. anlry Rulciml t:s.l Snnnnins, Ltltm-il
Sitter. notion Soucy. Encn Silitlnt'l Wu'lu'l Stout, innnn. Valutliltiu Jason

 

‘9” Albany Student Prue Comm-lion. Ill

  

s copyltnhl

 

The My Sluduut Press is published Tuesdays and Fridays imiwaeil
A“that mm Jum- hy the Albany Student Press Cotpulaltoil. an independent
'lﬂl-lﬂlipmlll corporation

Edllﬂlilll in! written by the Edtlnl in Chief will! members at Illa EdllDlIIl
Beard; policy 1! Iuhtacl to review by the Editorial aoaid Columns are written
by member! oi the university community and do not necessarily reprnsent
“"9"” Policy. Advertising policy does not nacullarlly iellect odileilll
Dolley.

 

 

Melting sddreel:
Albeily student Press, CC 329
Hot) Welhlilgton Ave.

Albany. NY 12322
(MB) 457'80921332213380

 

 

vidc some sort of program. Unfortunately, the council refus-
cd to see the necessity and instead continued to follow that
long dangerous road to what i call 'frcscarch destruction."

Along with tllcsc policy statements, Taylor has also ques-
tioned tllc tcnurc system. The emphasis on research has car-
ricd ovcr into this arena and has causcd many difficulties.
thtllcr it be a Brucc Miroff or a Pctcr Cocks. the question
nltlst h’c risked, "Why?" Cocks is onc of the best professors i
know of Oil this campus and i think i would find ltgrccmcnl
ultlong tlll wllo htlvc bccn associltlcd with him. Due to tllc
"strict" illtcrprcllttion of the tcllllrc policy, takcn by the
lcllurc colllmittcc. Cocks has dccidcd to lcttvc and not cvcll
ttttcmpt to fight the systcm. I must any I rcspccl him for his
decision.

Many of tllcsc problcms sicllt frolll policy dccisiolls mttdc
b_' ttdlllillislrlttors across this ctllllplls. 'fllc clltlir of that ill-
ftlmotls Sclcct Committee has continued to imposc his

, philosophy that rcsctlrcll is best. Ulll'ol'tutltltcly. thttt will not

llclp the Eco major wllo got closcd out of l.ttllkl'ord's Public
l-‘orcc Tllcory class llccltllsc llc's llow tlltlvbc tcllcllillg at 700
,lct cl Eco colirsc. ()r it ccrtzlinly will not hpr lhosc whoi
llcvcr L‘\pL‘l'lL‘llL‘i.‘tl Profcssor (‘ock‘s llltcrlltltiolltll Rcltttiolts
coursc. Most of all it won't ilnpl'css tllc frcshpcrsotl who
must sit through it (‘Sl lccltlrc ttllclllplillg to lludcrsttllld tllc
“dot” in tllc frollt of LC 7 who can't spcilk English.

This hits gollc on for too long. btlt it‘s not too ilttc. Tllcrc
.tll'c faculty who rcnlirc tllc problclll. \ilL‘ll :ts Myron 'l'ttylor.
Studcllt lcttticrs have now cllimcd ill, l‘Ciltl)‘ to tttkc action.
Tllc call must now go ottt to all conccrllcd ulldcrgrllds on this
campus. Alllttlly Slilll.‘ is u \'ct‘y illlpol'tttllt ptlrt of llly lil‘c and
i think many would ll;th to tlgrcc. “do must fight to save tllc
ulldcl'grltdtlttlc ctluclltioll we worked so hard to gcl ttcccptctl
to ill high school. As Myron Taylor \illtl, "Rcform of tllc
prcscm situation will rcquirc thllt sltlticllts tzlkc llll illtcrcsl in
tilcir own cdllclttion.”

Think tlbout it!

—Ricll Schuffcr
Slur/wit .-i.v.rr)ci'lr/iml Provident

Lousy bus service

To the Editor:

This is llly fourth your riding tllc SUNYA bllscs. Tllc scr-
vicc sccllls to gcl more and morc ullrclitlblc. Tllc cutbacks
and poor drivers have gotten otlt of lltllld. lilldgct cuts are
part of tllc political process its wc kllow it, and protcst :ls'wc
mtty. ill tllc long l'llll tllcrc is little tlltlt can rcttlisticttlly bc
donc about them. Lousy scrvicc on tllc othcr hand is in-
tolcrnblc. '

Somc drivers scent to gcl it kick otlt of lllltkillg studcnts run
for tllc bus. Tllcy inch their lllitcllincs forwttrd ill such a way
(is to llltlkc us l)l"uli illto it full sprint to lllllkc connections to
go up or downtown. For this. il\ ridiclllus tls it sounds. we are
grzltcftll. sillcc tllcsc ill‘t.‘ tllc opcrtltors w ho will ackllowlcdgc
that it studcllt llccds transportation. Manly drivcrs tlct
oblivious to tllc clltirc situation and rip tlp and down tllc
rotltc its if lllcy‘l'c ill ii hurry. \\’|tcr‘ ill'c ihcy rushing to? if
this illjusticc occurs. its tllcy might sit), llccltltsc tllcy hitvc to
kccp to u schcdtllc, tllcn i think lllill lllc wholc pllrposc of
busing should bc rcct'tlhltltcd. Aftcr :lll. thcsc transports ttrc
bought to transport. not to kccp limc.

Alld tllcll tllcrc is tllc story of ollc of tllc opcrtltors tllc
usually l’ltlL‘N tl bus with it lltllllbcr ill tllc low 40‘s) wllo pulls
up to many \\’cstcrll At'c stops, upclh his door, lllld clllillls
on empty bus is two lllillutcs bcllind his. He tlocsn't lct tllc
ridcr oll bolll'd! This guy tllcn procccds to rtlcc tlp tllc l'ouic
its if llc‘s running through llirports. llc cycll trics to avoid
stopping at tllc gyll‘. if possiblc by asking pcoplc tlhcttd of
little if tllcy wtlllt to stop lllcl'c. Not moryonc llcllrs and con-
scqllclltly pcoplc miss their stop. Docs this (lerCl‘ llttyc to
catch it trllill'.’ Wind is his rush? Mctlllwllilc, tcll lllilllltcs
lalcr. it bus stops downtown on \\’cstcrll Arc witll ltll ttlrcudy
fllll lolld to pick up ollc or two frcc/illg stlltlcllls from ll
llltlltilttdc. That was solllc clllpty bus two lllilltltcs bcllilld.
hull?

This sclllcstcr, l hopcd for ll cllallgc. lllly ciltlllgc. sillcc it
cotlid only gct bctlcr. Today was tllc first titty of tllc llcw term
and l waitcd llctlriy 40 lllillutcs to botlrd a bus. I‘ve had
enough! Solllcthillg must llc donc. cspccittlly with a bus scr-
vicc cllllrgc just ovcr tllc horizon. l propose tl pllblic l‘L‘lilllUllS
ctlmptligll to gcl the good drivcrs rccogllitioll tllcy merit and
bad tlrivcrs slltllllc tllcy dcscrvc. A monthly report cttrd could
bc ollc idctl. It would bc prilltcd ill tllc ASP. At tch
end of thc nlollth tlnd school ycur, totztl rcslllts can bc
tzlbtlltllcd :tlltl rcspcctivc “Big Wllccls of tllc month and
ycllr" can be issued (as \’ilS tlollc ill Ncw York City it fcw
yctlrs llgo). L‘ollccrncd students can fill out i’L‘pt‘ii'i flilllh lhtlt
should llc mtldc tlvuilllblc oll tllc buscs ihclllsclvcs. illsidc tllc
ASP. illltl/Ul' ill olllcr colwcllicllt locations. This may not be
tllc only solution. bill it is at positivc sturt. Solllclllillg llltlst ilc
tlonc to stop this gl'ccll tllttcllillc pltlgllc bcfotc it sprctltls to
beyond tllc sitttlcnts‘ thrcshold Icch of pain and lcnlpcr-

lllcllt!
—l)uvit| Dtlnicls

Free choice denied

To the Editor: ‘

i just \vrllttcti to rcspond to SA's position rccclllly tcgttr-
ding tllc Greyhound Bus Strike.

I think that tllc position which lhc goycl'lllllcnt took was
a bit one sided. Aftcr reading tllc rclcilsc l was under lhc
impression that some mindlcss capitalth plot was under-
taken to uproot thc ATU through tllc destruction of the
Greyhound Union. In light of this it sccms as though our

cnrccrs ttftcr collcgc arc dcsllncd for. “a marketplace when:
corporations dictittc and workers conlplaccntiy-obcy.” Ac-
cording to SA. “it is also‘n timc wltcn all the consumch are
being dcccivcd." i think that lltttnagcmcnt deserves some
ticfcllsc. :

Prior to tllc labor tlisptltc, (ircyllound inc. puid its
workcrs 535.744 ill sllltlry and benefits orl tln zlvcrllgc. That
llllldc tllcm tllc higllcsl ptlid bus drivers in tllc lllltion. While
tllc \vorkcrs wcrc gctiing that tllttclt llloncy. truvcl scrvlcc
llccalllc more costly whilc farcs continued to climb. Itlcrcus-
cd ctilllpctition fl'olllxntllllcr tlirlincs gcarcdtowtlrds shorter

distance li‘it\'L‘l humpcrcd tllc company. A grcy cloud ioomcd
oycl‘ Grcyhollnd's financial picturc. it sccms cvidcnt that
lntnlllgctllclli's only rccoursc was to stand firm on pay cuts.
Tllc tclltltivc tlgrccillcnt bclwccll tllc workcrs and Grcyliottlld
lllc. on ll 7.8 pcrcclll cut will. ill llll likelihood, be made of-
flL‘lill licl‘orc tllc (‘lll‘istllltts llolidtty. 'l'llls lllctlsul‘c is man:
scilsililc thllll wllttl would hll\c lltlppcllcd without the
ilisptltc.

Without llcgotinlilllls. tllc wolkcrs colltrtlct cttllcd for
pay rzliscs ill tllc following )’Ctll’. This would lttlyc tottllly
cripplctl llltlllilllclllt'llh ability to run it pl'ot‘ittlbic colllplllly.
l‘hc colllpctililltl would colllilltic to apply prcsstlrc, lcilvillg
tllc \lll\ iiztbilily tll' (ircylloulld ill jcoptlrdy. ll' tllc company
foltlcd tllc \\tltl\c‘l‘\ would ilccolllc tlll addition to tllcrullks
ol‘lhc tIIlL‘ill|lltl_\L‘tl. ls lllill ll bcltcr position lllilil l'ccclt'illg a
\lllilll llL‘ClL‘ihC ill illclilllc'.’

it sccllls unfair to tllc llliti SA would totally tlislcgnrd
llltlllllgclllcllt» position and wzlit lllltil "tllc workcrs tlccidc
to go back to work." Rich \‘chtlcfi‘cl' should httic l'cllli/cd
ihtlt lllosc bucking Illc \\t)ll\L‘l'\ would lltltc \tlltlnltlrily
tcl'llscd til buy (ll'L')lltlllllt'l llll\ tickcts \tllilc otllct‘s would
not how bccll ticllicd ll I’lcc choicc. How did you gct holllc
on 'i‘llltllksgitillg'?

— llili King

Economics lesson

To tllc Editor:

Fcclillg tlltlt tllc Ulliycrsity collllllllnity has been misin-
formed. i must i’L‘Pl)‘ to lhc Icttcr writtcll by Lttwt'cncc S.
Wittncr, Professor of History ill the Ullivcrsity.

Being at llistol'illn. Professor Wittllcr has studicd some
branch of history and l‘CCCl\L‘Ll on advanced dcgrcc in
History. lltld his lcltcr dealt with :t historical topic, I would
be lllllch mol'c illclillctl to ttcccpt his rttiionalc. As with my
prcvious lcttcr. l ltppctll to tllc tiisciplinc of economics, as
socialism tllld cupitttlislll tlrc primarily cconomic topics. not
historical ollcs.

Tllc llilllt)ll\ thut l’rol'cssol' \\‘illllcr tllclltions do not con-
tain cuphorictllly lltlppy Ii/clls tl\ llc contcnds. nor have
socialist ccollolllic policlcs ill tiltlsc illltions made them “bcl-
tcr off" its llc contends.

Proi‘cssor \\'iilllcr citcx “fl'cc‘ ulcdictll curc as a
churnctcristic of tllcsc socially dclllocrtttic nations. [)0 tllc
doctors ill tllcsc colllltrics work for llotllitlg‘.l No. they do
not. tllcy ill‘L‘ pztycd by tllc govcl'lllllcllt who gcts its money
from... you gllcssctl it. thc Itl\ptlyillg Cilllcll. it is common
kllowlcdgc llmollg ccotlolllists that when it scurcc rcsourcc
such as mcdiclll L‘ili‘t.‘ is pt'oiitlctl all u rcro cost, it is ovcruscd.
This ftlct lltls bccll borllc out in Britain and ltttly whcrc pco-
pic with ill long lillcs tit tllc doctol ‘s office. they must wait up
to three yclll's for on opcrrtlioll. and :l lypictll snrgcoll nlakcs
lcss thtlll $20,00il/yctll'. (would you go to school for l2 )‘L‘r’lrh
to lllllkc $20,000?)

\Vllill about tllc public (goycl'lllllcllt) owllcrship of ill-
tlusil'ics and colllllltlrlictllioll systcllls thtlt Professor Wittucr
lllclltiolls‘.’ Minty oftllcsc illdllstl‘l‘cs (British Rail. British Air-
wtlys) opcrtlic :lt ridiculous dcficits bccllusc tllcy do not usc
marginal cost pricing As it lcslllt. tllc govcrnlllcllt picks tlp
tllc lob ill tllc C\|1L‘ll\l.' of thc gcllcrtll public. or ilN llih happcn-
ctl rccclltly tllcy dccitlc to scll tllc illtlustl‘y buck to pril’tttc
(cupitlllist) lll\'C\l0l'5.

 

l’rofcssor \\'itttlcr colltclldx thul lllL‘ citirclls of tllcsc inl-
tions tlrc bctlcr off Illilll \vc ill’C. lli lzllgltllld. lttlly, and many
of tllc otllcl's illfltttioll tlnd tlllclllploylllclli run all 20 pcrccnl.
Mttrgintll tltt mics ill tllcsc llutiolls tll'c ttlso incrcdilllc at ill-
colllcs collsidcrcd modcl‘lllc ill tllc ' tip to 85 pcrccnt in
tllc U.K., up to 10(1pcrccllt ill chdcu whcrc citizens find it is
its lttcmlivc to work its it is to bc urlclllploycd. Matty citizens
ill professional ficlds flcc to tllc [1.5. or Canada where tllcy
:ll'c not tllllllcl‘cil‘tllly lilM‘Ll. rcstiltillg ill it "brain drain" in
tllcsc socitllly dcnlocrzltic nations.

Whilc .Itlptlll tllld \i’.(‘lcrlnaily only have opposition
socialist pllrlics its Proi'cssor \\'ittllcr says, he docs not rcvcttl
tlltlt ihcy ill‘t.‘ not in power. He also fttils to notc that tllcsc
coullllics htltc coulc l'l'olll L't‘illltimlL' disaster tlt tllc clld of
WWII to bc mt) of tllc nltlst productil" ulld Icchlticnlly
sllpcl‘iilr llttitolls ott cttl'lll tllc ill‘t‘ thit'tl). What lypc of
ccoltomic syle‘lll blongtll tins. ttbollt'.’ ’l‘hc mtlrkct ccononly,
i.c. t‘tlllililllwli.

l‘hc l‘csllits tll'c clcltr. Socialist or socially dctllocrntic
UL‘lllltillilL‘\ hilldcr tllc llloliultioll to work with a substantial
illcolllc tlt tllc cypcmc of tllosc who do. Tllcir ccollolllim tll'i.‘
lcss productch and providc rt lowcl \lillltlill'tl oflivillg to lllcir
dcitirclls, lllld tllcil got'crlllllcllts tlrc subjccl to on ’Si\ -,3
wasteful burcatltlcracics bccnusc of tlll tllc responsibilities of
tllc govcrlltncltt. l havc outlined l‘ttcts rcscarchcd by profes-
sional economists, tllcn and women most qualified to discuss
comparitivc cconomics, and so we must ask Professor Witt-
ncr. the YSA and the DSA: Wily should we institute socialist
economic policies in tile us. when they are sure to provide
us with a lower living standard, not make us better off”? '

—-Tlmothy L. Taylor

 

  
 

 

UN».-.

 

