 

 


i
« f

 

 

1 4:41“le STUDENT Ptt‘ess E nth  NOVEMBER. ‘16,= 1984.

Council members excused for work in Buffalo

By Michelle Busher
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

In a two hour meeting Wednesday Cen-
tral Council voted to excuse the‘absences
of seven members whotraveled to SUNY-
Buffalo to lobby for that school's man-
datory activity fee.

Council chair Mitch Feig introduced the
proposal to excuse the
representatives, which in-

cludedseveral Student Ac- CentpaI
tion Committee members, _
because they were rallying COUNCII

for the mandatory student
activity fee at SUNY-Buffalo.
Council member. Steve Landis explain-
ed that “a radical young conservative
group at Buffalo has been trying to get
students to vote against the mandatory ac-
tivity fee... if it passes in Buffalo, then
they'll start working on the other SUNY
centers and Albany would be next.”

“A lot of the council members were con-
cerned about going, because they didn‘t
want to get an absence.” said Feig.
“They're good council members and this is

a good cause, so I told them I would do my
best to see that they were excused."
If the mandatory activity fee had been

voted down in Buffalo it would mean that .

funding for student activities at Buffalo
would not be available. _

SA President Rich Schaf fer said the
group “has told student groups to vote
against the mandatory activity fee claiming
that they M" be provided funding by out-
side groups. I think we’re going to have a
strong force over there," said Schaffer.
“What we have to do is just bat them out
like‘a fly swatter." he said.

Returns from the referendum at SUNY-
Buffaio indicated that students had widely
rejected the proposal to make their student
activity fee voluntary.

The proposal to excuse
members was passed lS-O-l.

Feig also announced that Off Campus
Representative Gregg Stackei resigned
from council. but did not give a reason.

A proposal made by internal Affairs
chair Steve Russo to amend several
Supreme Court rules was passed by

the seven

unanimous consent. One of the amend-
ments gave the court the power to charge
someone with contempt of court.

“The amendments are basically to make
more concrete rules and procedures." said
Russo, “they haven't been amended In a
while."

Russo also proposed an amendment
which lowers the price of admission to SA
funded group events for people who do
not have tax stickers by $ i.00.

The proposal, passed by unanimous
consent, requires that groups charge 50
percent more to students without tax
stickers for admission to an event. The old
policy required a 50 percent plus one dollar
admission price if a person didn’t have. a
tax sticker.

A proposal by co-chair of intercollegiate
athletics committee Sandy Doorley to sup-
ply $128 funding for phone stickers listing
the number of SA's activity hotline was
passed iii-l-O.

“The hotline gives students access to
what SA can do for them," said Doorley,
“and this is something permanent that will
remind them that it‘s out there.”

Student groups can have listings of up-
coming events pttt on the hotline so
students can call and find out about cam-
pus happenings. The hotline has been in
operation since late September.

Council also passed a resolution in-
troduced by Schaffer honoring Dave
Soldini for breaking the SUNYA season
record for total rushing yardage at the last
football game of the season Saturday.

Soldini rushed i62 yards in the game
against Marist College, which was played
at SUNYA's University Field, bringing his
total to 1,017 yards for the year.

The previous record was set in 1975
when Tom Dc Blois totaled 1,009 yards for
the season.

Council also passed a proposal made by
Doorley to appropriate $596 from the post
season contingency fund to send the
women’s volleyball team to the second
round of the NCAA national competition.
The proposal was passed with no objec-
tions, but the money will not be spent if
the team does not make it to the second
round of competition. L]

 

 

ATTENTION DECEMBER GRADUATES
JOBS IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST

The New York Public Interest Research Group, Inc. (NYPIRG) is looking for
activists who want to organize college students to work on campus and in the
community on consumer, environmental, health, and student rights issues.
NYPIRG, the largest student-directed research and advocacy organization In
New York State, has achieved national recognition for work on toxic waste,
voter registration, mass transit aid, and standardized testing reform.

Salary is $750 a month, plus health benefits. Contact Chris Meyer, c/o NYPIHG,
9 Murray Street, N.Y.,N.Y. 10007. (212) 349-6460. For more information, contact
the local NYPIRG,oftlce at 457-4623.

insurance

1089-71005

 

 

No Turndowns...tio hassles
We will cater to your needs.
Low cost ﬁuto 5 Motorcycle

.n.
p

Berry S. Scott Insurance agency
1020 Central five.
(opposite Bob 2: Ron's Fish Fry)

New Iocotion.more convenient to

Sunyo Campus.
Fri.9-5pm

   
    
 

ii 1&2:

 

 

sg runoso

- BUS TICKE

BUY YOUR GREYHOUND
Er TRl‘iILWﬁYS

TS FIT THE S.ﬁ.CONTFICTOFFICE

(IN THE CﬁMPUS CENTER)

‘WE OFFER SiTQITDEElﬂl—f ®U$@@C€IU{IU’$ TO
LONG ISLﬁND Er NEW YORK CITY!

@CODEEJU'WT WG’LIU‘U’ @[F] [MINES €13? RUDE ‘U‘Elﬂﬁﬂﬂﬁﬂﬁlﬂéﬁ

’ﬁ‘Uﬂ‘US WINE Elli

STUDENT ﬁSSOCIFiTION IS
WORKING FOR VON] DU

    

t, 1-

  
 
    
   
  
  
   
   
 

_ -l
31
{-i

, I
.9:

 

“f FIT in New York City.

 

 

 

 

Account exec. tells Job seekers to
find creative ways to send resume

By Ilene Welnsteln
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

So, you say you're looking for a job?
Well, why not send a prospective employer
a pizza box enclosing only a copy of your
resume and a letter with the words “One
junior executive with everything," written
on it. Or, maybe, you would-prefer sen-
ding your resume folded up within a
walnut shell and a note saying, “Here' my
life ~ in a nutshell."

These are some suggestions offered by
John Cassese. who spoke before an au-
dicnce of 160 SUNYA students Tuesday
night. Casscsc, an account executive with
the Manhattan firm, Conian Anil'orms,
has pttblisltcd a magazine article on the
fine art ofjob hunting.

“When looking for your first job you
can get away with different approaches."
said Casscse, adding that you have to be
aware of the field you're targeting. “You
can be creative when applying ill an adver-
tisement agency," but, should be more
conservative when applying to a bank.

Finding a first job is partly the respon-
sibility of the university placement office,
but tnost of the responsibility should lie
with the individual, explained Casscsc,
who said he offers a no-nonsensc approach
to job hunting.

“The tnost important part in finding a
job is persistance." said Cassese. “Don't
. take no for an answer," he continued. You
have to show at prospective employer that
you have a lot to offer his or her cotnpzmy.
he said.

, A resume is the first opportunity an
* employer has to meet you, said Cusses.
“You don't want to tell your prospective
employer your job objective in the
' resume," said Casscse. "if lie doesn't have

 

'uréitﬂ'!‘

By Judy Torel
Students need to learn how to sell
themselves in today's competitive job

' market, according to several speakers til
the 28th annual College Career
Conference.

The conference was sponsored by the
Advertising Women of New York and the
Fashion Institute of

“ Technology last weekend ill Reporter's
John P. Aigncn l"'°5i‘VieWp0InI

dent of Network Resumes.

in New York City bttscd

company addressed the concept of resumes
as on initial marketing tool for landing an
interview.

.lcrry Fields, managing director of .Ierry
Fields Associates lnc., one of the largest
personnel search organizations in the
country, added to Aigner’s tips on rcsnmcs
5 and offered insights into the art and
science of interviewing. .

The three major seminars on getting
hired began with Lee Wulthcr Kordus. cx-
ccutivc recruiter of Market Search lnc..
giving a speech entitled, “Self Positioning:
The Key to Professional Success ~ First
Job to the Last." V

Stressed throughout the hour long
seminar was the concept of “marketing
yourself." Kordus said that students who
are job or career scorching should begin by

'tivcly conducting “research into

Kordus stressed that students should do
il situation uttztlysis of themselves and the
market. Site suggested that students
should: develop at set of objectives based
on where they want to be professionally
H illld persomtiiy; determine the type of
V lifestyle the‘ lcsirc; and develop ustrtttcgy
— u “how to" plan for incorporating their
objectives and goals.
Establishing your uniqueness. defining
Your target job or career, researching the
. companies and or cities of intercst, tutti

 

 

The author is Business Manager of the
Albany Student Press.

 

DAVID ISAAC UPS

John Cassese

Original rcstlmc :ttlt'icc
any openings in that area. he’ll throw your
resume out the window," ltc explained.

A resume should start off with cduczn
tional experience. This, he said, includes
major projects done in clttss its well (IS ex-
tracurricular activities. “Gct specific on
the things you‘ve done," he said. A
resume “comes in with 10!.) othcr rcsumcs.
You‘ve got to show whzn ‘s different about
you." lie said.

Fire or six spccific examples of things
you've done, representative courses,
awards received, and offices held, should
all be ittcittdcd according to Casscse.
“Your resume should be as long as it takes
to get all your ideas out," he said.

A resumc’s cover letter should get across
ideas in simple words, said Cttssesc, but he
stressed an applicant should “use a clever,
16>

: Conference speakers assert need
" for applicants to ‘markef_selves'

properly packaging yourself, were also
strcsscd by Kordus.

Aigncr addressed the topic of planning
and compiling a resume. He said, “no one
reads your resume — they scan it. You
have about ten seconds to a mintttc to get
them to notice you."

Central to Aigncr‘s speech was the idea
that 'you “write your resume to ntcet the
reader's objectives" and “identify how
your skills can help them (the companies)
with their problems.“

Aigncr discussed three types of resumes:
ciu'onologicnl, functional and targeted. He
stressed the use of it cover letter in con-
junction with u chronological resume its an
extremely effective strategy for students
with l‘CItIIIVCIy little work experience.

“Talk about whzn you did, not what
your ‘rcsponsibililics incltttlcd',” was
Aigncr’s suggestion on relaying experience
through it resume.

In addition Aigncr slatted that “80 per-
ccnl ofjob openings are not advertised.“
The “hidch market“ can be uncovcrcd
through ilCiIVL‘ research into tt catrcer orjob
and into lltc contpttnics of interest to the
job scckcr.

Hints turd techniques for interviews were
presented by liiclds. Ilc stressed “doing
your homework" before you go to am in-
tcrvicw by rcscurcliing the companies you
are attempting to become involved with.
tie also suggested you be aware of cttrrcnt
activities of the company by reading news
or magazine articles.

In addition he suggested one have infor-
mation actively “dug up" on the company
prepared before an interview.

According to I-‘icids tut aspect of inter-
viewing usually overlooked that could give
yott an extra edge is sending a thunk you
letter on the some tiny of the interview.

As it finnl point of advice Fields said,
“You don't lettve the rootn before you’ve
discussed who makes the next move."
Find out whether you should cull them or
they will contact you and lltcn follow
through with it thank you. If they don't

 

   
 

 

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, I984 D ALBANY STUDENT mess 1

Maﬁa»

Pneento

MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL!

Take a break from the coiiege gn'nd and come on
over to Chuck E. Cheese's. On Monday night you
can watch the game on our 7ft. screen. enjoy a
pitcher of draft beer for $2.50. AND get $2.00 off any
large pizza you order. (Just remember to bring your
S.U.N.Y. tax card.) There's also a large selection of
games to play during halftime. And we're so close-
just minutes from S.U.N.Y. campus.

   

Book your dorm or orgnniwtion
Christmas ptu’ty nowl

 

1440 Central Avenue
Conveniently located adjacent to

Northway Mall. Colonic

  

 

 

GET HOME FEST!

EVERY WEEKEND EXPRESS
SERVICE DIRECT FROM THE
CFiMPUS TO LONG lSLFiND.

CONNECTIONS HT ﬁLBﬁNY
FOR WESTCHESTER FIND
NEW YORK CITY.

SPECIHI. STUDENT

FHRE
$17.50 ONE WHY
can: 451-3381-C0NTRCT OFFICE

OR
1036-965 I -HI.BHNY TERMINHI.

 

 

 

 

 

 

CtlII you, call again and find out why. ll‘l

 

_ 5».

.kn.

 

.4...” 1......

