  
   
    
   

 

 

 

 

 

SA. is working
for you!

SA Funded.

THIS IS IT!

another chance to get involved

vvlth Student association
S A's Budget C ommittee
Needs YOu!‘

The budget committee formulates

the budget for the 1985-86 Academic
yrial'.

We are looking for a group of
people to devote some of their
time. energy and insights to SA

to develop a workable budget

for next year.

Fipplicotions open Nov. 12 at 9pm
ﬁpplications close Nov. 20 at 5pm

pick up and drop off
applications in the SH
office CC 116.

 
 
  

 

u funded

 

Do you find yourself asking
questions like these?

How can I work out problems
with my friend/roommate?
How can I get over a broken

Why do I feel stressed or

, If you would like a place
to talk about these or
other concems....Middle Earth
Offers On-going Counseling
1 Services Call us at 457-7800

Middle Earth
Counseling, information and Referral
102 Schuyler Hall

Dutch Quad

relationship?

anxious?

 

 

 

 

 

REE

 

 

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
 

 

  
 
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
    
   
   
 

 

@©G{t@ WGJTQHI

UNIVERSITY FICTION - FOR THE DISHBLED

ILHJ).

HS THEY CHELLENGE

sTﬁTE Quao Sm”:

IN ﬁH EXHIBITION GﬁME 0F

HEELCHEIR

HOCKEY

ﬁDMISSION

WHEN? FRIDHY novas 7:30
WHERE? GYM c ~
VICTORY PHRTY TO FOLLOW

GHME

SA. Funded

 

Glass
Happy

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

THRUWAY
HOUSE

Starting Monday Nov.3
University Deli
and

  
   

(De 15

er)

$3.25 (soup salad bar only)
Mon. — Fri. 11:30 — 2:00 p.m.

OFFER

FREE I l
of Wine/Beecrj/Soft drink

w this a

Hour4 — 7 p.m.

it
J

   
  
  

 

 

' T""‘"”"“”‘aw-m:-. .- , 

w/Happy Hour PTiCﬂEMJJ

 

 

 
  
 

 

   

 

use" "’

November to, 1984

 

 

 
 

’OneW

ady, the latest album by One ay,
L is a quite superb album. It is plain

and silnple, a product of talent and
imagination. One Way is a learn of very
talented Black Americans that understand
that music is for entertainment and their
latest album is entertaining. The title. Lady,
suggests dignity and grace, and this album
is deserving of this title. It is a work of art
and has success written on every
millimeter 'of it. Lady contains eight songs,
some of which are excellent modern dance
tunes and .othcrs, good old-fashioned soul
songs. i

 

Da‘vus Jenkins

 

Overall the first side is better than the se‘
cond. it holds classic songs, with shadows
of other classic artists. The title tune, "Lady
You Are,” is probably the best song on the
album. I’Vith veteran Al Hudson on lead
vocals there is a revival of soul music in its
most becoming form, to the likes oi the
Stylistits and early tiarth, Wind and l2ltt‘.
Al's talsetto cry is excellent, smooth and
evokingl't‘he second cut is by Candyce tid-
wards; it is entitled "I'll Make It Up To
You." Candyce is the newest member of
the group and a’welcomed addition to the
team. Her input gives the group even more
versatility. "t'tl Make It Up To You" is a
fresh breathe of air. Her style on this cut
(on lead and backup vocal) is reminiscent
of early Chacka Khan,

The thifid track, "If Only You Knew,"
features pro Al Hudson up front again.
This has a beautiful jazzy-soul taste to it
featuring Leroy Hyter on saxophone;
outstandingl The vocal arrrangement puts
"If Only You Knew" is a class with some of
Lionel Richie’s solo numbers such as "You
Are” and "Love Will Find A Way." It is a.
very pretty love song that creates a soft
romantic atmosphere. The last.» song.
"Don't Stop," again is led by Al Hudson's
talented voice. The background vocals are
so sweet and the lyrics magnetic. The vocal

C’est

  
  
    
 
   
   
    
   
 
   
  

Oh, boy, was he excited.

   
  
 

himself then, let me tell you.

   
    
 

' average.

  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
     
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
 

' So I had to write this column.
J 50, what'd you think of it?

 

 

, lntrospect

 

    

Aspects 33

 

 

 

 

ay To Sure Success

a

        
    
       
 
        
          
        
    
    

 

       
       
    
       
 
   
       
    

 

production is excellent, with the qualities
of the current Jermaine Jackson album.
Side two consists more of dance music
for the urban contemporary disco or night
club. The first song is "Mr. Grove" with
lead vocals by Kevin McCord, a multi-
instrument wizard, on the vocorder. The
musical arrangement seems to be inspired
from the James Brown type "funk." In fact
the entire song seems to be an "electro-
funk" tribute to James Brown the God-
father of Soul (possibly "Mr. Groove").

This song features a background vocal that
appears to be in the same vain as comedian
Eddie Murphy's impersonation of James
Brown. "Mr. Groove" is followed by
another "strictly for dancing" cut called
"Smile" which has a musical flavor similar
to the more recent releases by the group

Moi

or, My Life As An Ugly Editor

Once upon a time there was a freshman named John, who thought it would be fun to write
for a newspaper. He even (why deny it?) harbored some notions oi maybe obtaining an
editorial position someday. Not soon, he knew, because in a school the size of SUNYA, the
school paper would naturally have an enormous staff, so it would probably be the work ol
two or three semesters writing before he could even work himself up into, let's say. an
editorial assistant's position. Or so he imagined.

But surprise! The people staffing this paper (which was known as the ASI’) weren't as old as
he imagined, and there weren‘t quite as many of them as he'd assumed there would be, either.
Especially in the leisure section. which was called Aspects. Always of a creative (not to men-
tion ambitious) frame of mind, John decided that Aspects was the section for him; it was
original, it was fun, and the competition wasn't as stiff. By this time he'd figured that with luck
he might be Aspects editor by the time he was a second semester sophomore. . .a full editor!

But then one thing led to another, and before little John knew it, he was Aspects
editor. . ,only he was a Second semester freshman. Wow! He was really impressed with

And so he spent the rest of his first year of school editing Aspects. There were mistakes, of
course; a “humorous” St. Patrick's Day issue that nobody laughed at; a review of a two-year-
old album; that sort of thing. Gradually, though, it straightened out, so that by the time John~
nyboy was actually a sophomore, the section was looking good; not amazing, but better than

l'le‘d even gotten to write his own column, as all Aspects editors did; he called his column
C'est Moi, which was taken froln a song in Camelot that went;

("est moi, c’es't moi, I blush to disclose
"I75 I, [humbly reply
The mortal who these marvels can do
("est moi, c'es‘t moi, is I

John was not the most humble person, even at the best of times,

liut reality reared its ugly head, for although John‘s editing was getting better and better, his
schooIWork was getting worse and worse, and as John well knew, you can't be Aspetfs‘ editor
if the kick you out of school. Also, all this editing was interfering with his writing, oddly
enough, his columns had gotten so had that he'd stopped writing them when he could avoid it.
So, by the time the end of his first semester as a sophomore was rolling around, John was just
about ready to pack it in as Aspects editor. Not as an ASl’ie. of course: that designation can
never really be shed. So, on November I5, 1984, old John the wonderboy sat down to write
his farewell column. He sat in front of the computer screen for a while. thinking about the past
year and a half, and all the things he wanted to say about being the Aspects editor, and he
thought about all the people he wanted to thank.

Then he had a major heart attack, brought on by lack of sleep, and died.

Jim Lally
Ugly Guy
(No Friend To Keith Marder)

 

The Time. The rythym~set tion and bass are
set at a running pace much in the mood of
The Times’ music which is old style funk
with undertones of Rock and Roll.
Although Al Hudson is not at his best (the
lead vocal is rather obscure and back-up
vocals are near a whisper) it makes for
some good footwork on the dath floor.
These different styles show One Way's
verstility.

The next cut, "Dynornite," is a discotec
classic. It is a classic example of today's ur-
ban contemporary music, featuring Kevin
McCord as lead singer. This song is good
for mixing. The final number, "Can't Get
Enough," is a duet between Al Hudson and
Candyce Edwards. This cut is destined to
become a standard. It is a modern soul song
in the tradition of Shalamar. It has a good

 

 

solid melody and chorus and is bound to
be rerecorded by a duo at some point in
the future.

I believe if given enough air play One
Way can become a stable force in today's
music. Record sales would soar because
One Way's music speaks for itself. One
Nay will reach a large crossvsection of
listeners because their diverse style allows
them to have an attraction of different au-
diences. This is One Way's eighth album.
They have long since ripened and are still
fresh and gllve with new, exciting material.
There is strong potential for this group
waiting to explode. For now we can sit
back and watch the rising of a star because
once One Way hits the charts full force
there is only one way for One Way to go:
To the Toptt

 

 

Music Of 20th Century
A Classical Delight

'I'omorrow night at 8 pm. the at-
mosphere ot the Recital Hall will be
sweetened by “Diverse Voices: Music of
the 20th Century."

This Faculty Showcase Concert, spon—
sored by the Department of Music and the
College of Humanities and Fine Arts, will
feature Anne Turner, a popular figure
among the Capital District's artistic com-
munity. She will be accompanied by her
three-year counterpart, virtuoso pianist
Carole Friedman.

The program's objective is to broaden
the interests of modern concertgoers who,
according to Turner, “seem to have an in-
born prejudice that anything current is not
good. Music lovers don't want to hear
twentieth century (classical) music because
they think it’s all going to be very weird
and ugly. We want to Show that there is a
diversity of melodic and harmonic styles,
and that it's all very beautiful, and
expressive.”

Saturday's concert will feature the
suinInc/romantic, more "traditional" com-
positions of artists like Joaquin Turina,
Samuel Barber, Joseph l’oulenc, and more
"far out,” avant-garde pieces like John
Cage's, "A Perilous Night.” Cage, the live-
ly Rochester native explains, turned the
piano into a percussion ensemble by inser-
ting pieces of wooden pegs, weather stripp-
ing, and paperclips between certain strings.
"That’s wacko. but it's neat and people
love itt" ...Carole Friedman will "go solo"
with this number.

"Diverse Voices" was well received by
audiences at Albany's First Unitarian
Church and the State University College of

 

New York, Geneseo, Turner cited, She an-
ticipates a similar response from the
SUNYA community Saturday night. "The
Albany area has become so sophisticated
musically,- I'd like to think I contributed to
that."

Turner, a voice teacher here at SUNYA
and the College of St. Rose, has appeared
as a soloist with the Albany, Springfield
(Ma), and Boston Symphonies. In 1980,
she gave a critically lauded debut recital at
the Carnegie Recital Halli

Carole Friedman, a native Philadelphian,
.who taught in SUNYA's Women Studies
program last year, is well-travelled. She has
appeared as piano soloist, accompanist and
chamber artist throughout the Northeast,
California, Texas, Minnesota, Indiana, and
Canada. She, in addition, performed with
the Philadelphia Orchestra as a child pro~
tege. "She's a dynamite pianist. I've work-
ed with some outstanding pianists, and 1
must say she is the best I've ever worked
with.”

...lt’s all too "square' and "stuffy," you
think? Guess again. True, Anne and Carole
won't fashion purple-dyed “mohawks” or
flashy attire, but bare in mind, "no one's
ever been to one of my concerts, and said
it was stodgy and dull," Turner assures. She
hopes this concert will get a fen/students
to appreciate classical music. “You need to
come to a concert with an open mind, to
accept each piece for what it is."

Again, ticket prices are more than
reasonable: $3 for the general public, $2
for students and senior citizens. Call
457-8606 for reservations. D

— Mark Latino

 

 

      

 
    

 

