 

 

k1“ M—ﬂvt—saaa . /

so...”

< M... w.ww~.w,.v...._.._.MW.,.

 

 

i
t
l
i
l
,

 

to Aspects on Tuesday

 

 

 

Vinyl View: ‘

Jorma Kaukonen 5 Blue

n a rainy Monday night a short
time ago, the Lone Star Cafe, at 5th
Ave. and 13th Street in Manhattan.

was filled with people talking freely.-

laughing loudly, and drinking excessively.
Jorma Kaukonen had just finished the first
of two shows that night, and most of the
people who had come for the first show
had already decided to lay out another ten
dollars and stay for the second show.

Eric Nehrbauer

a

How does Kaukonen account for his
popularity?

" lt's hard to account for these things
sometimes. i like to think it's because l'm a
good guitar player. There are a lot of guitar
players out there: l’ve been pretty lucky I
guess.

Age has been kind to Kaukonen, now
~13, who has retained his laid back manner
in spite of his nearly 10 years in the
sometimes chaotic sphere of contemporary
music. Last year alone he travelled about
[70,000 miles. treking across the country
five times in ten months. 'l could always
get a job as a truck driver if things get real-
ly out of hand," he mused.

As the audience patiently listened to the
warmup band before the second show.
Kaukonen relaxed in his dressing room
with a bottle of Beck's in hand. His front
gold tooth, which sparkles in the spotlight
when he's on stage, appeared dulled in the
00 watt incandescence of the unkempt
room.

Kaukonen has been performing solo his
own unique style of timeless blues.
spirituals, and originals for nearly 18 years
now. He has played with Jefferson
Airplane, Hot Tuna, and Vital Parts, but he
admits his preference lies in the art of play-
ing solo acoustic guitar. In an age of elec‘
tronics and synthesizers, Kaukonen's au-
dience continues to grow with each passing
year.

His own way of life seems to have gone
directly opposite that of Jefferson Star-
ship's. Though both have roots in Jefferson
Airplane. Kaukonen finds himself playing
in small to medium sized bars and
nightclubs. whereas Jefferson Starship
plays to megacrowds in football stadiums
He really doesn't worry about this though.
and he confided, “ t can honestly say that I
haven't heard a Jefferson Starship song In
probably six years."

His "devil may care" attitude towards
commercial stardom is reflected further in'
his opinion of those in the audience who it-
legally record his performances: " If
somebody asks me if they can record a
show. and they're nice about it. I usually
say yes; if they give me a bunch of shit.
then I say no...basically, it doesn't bother
me a bit, since it's bound to happen
anyway." .

The Lone Star can legally accommodate
410 patrons. According to the manager of
The Lone Star. who asked to be identified
only as Sven, (Jon'na is the celebrity
tonight, not me," he explained) the official
count at the end of the first show was 390
people.

How does the size of the audience affect
Kaukoneni

" The size of the audience really doesn't
matter too much," said Kaukonen, "I just
did this tour of ltaly, doing just what l'm
doing new (solo acoustic), and l was draw-
ing 2,000 to 4,000 people a night. which is
a pretty fair sized crowd. but because of
the way things are over there, it feels real
intimate. I kind of like an intimate feeling.
Not that anybody is rushing to give me
stadium jobs. but i really don't like those
great big jobs from a musical point of
view."

"As far as people cheering or yelling out
in the middle of a song goes. l have a lot of
concentration. and I've played so many
bars. it doesn't bother me, .as long as t can
hear myself playing "

His tour of ltaly this past March. which
consisted of about a down shows. gave
him the opportunity to reflect on the dif

 

 

. x... -~ ~

ferences and similarities between audiences
in ltaly and The United States.

"The audiences in ltaly are a lot like East
Coast audiences in their energy. The
ltalians are far out - they're really into shit -
like opera, for example. If the soprano
doesn't hit that high C. will then, shit.
you're nothing to them. They're into all
different kinds of music though, whatever
it is. and if l'm playing and l get off a really
good lick, they'll cheer “bravo” and stand
up and stuff...lt's really exciting,"

“I play at prisons (in the US.) a lot. and
in a way it's very similar: if you don't
satisfy your audience. they let you know
right away.”

I When asked if he has a favorite or a least
favorite place in which he plays, Kaukonen
gazed at the table covered with empty beer
bottles and cigarette butts and mused, “Let
me see...l guess Lupo's Heartbreak Hotel is
one of my least favorite halls..." His mask
of deep thought was betrayed by the wide
smile which he could no longer suppress. “
It really depends on so many things. Sound
isn't everything Sometimes you can have a
great time in a hall even if it's lousy

Suite 1603

 

 

 

because of a lot of intangible things. l'
usually like the Lone Star pretty much,
even though the sound is atrocious."

" I prefer what l'm doing now (laid back
blues. spirituals, and originals) with an
acoustic guitar, but if you want funny
noises and such. there's nothing like an
electric guitar. When l play with Michael
tFalzarano. his friend, a rhythm guitarist),
it's somewhat different. We usually just
call it "rubber rock", though I don't know
exactly what you would call it if you were
looking for a catch phrase, lt's rock and
roll, I guess."

There is an old song, "Police Dog Blues '.
by Blind Blake, .1 bluesman of the thirties.
It is a very complicated song, with manv
subtleties navigable by only the most
talented guitarists. Jorma Kaukonen is one
of those guitarists. ls "Police Dog Blues"
the hardest song in his repertoire?

" If I've done my homework, it's all pret-
ty much the same. That was a tough song
to work out, but once you know the tun-

 

 

c ~ /REA6AN S PHUN.

 

”‘ Slt’tPLY A FLAITENED
gEJHEWWMNG

 

DUANE...‘EVER REALIZE Hou

EASILY I COULD BE 5 'T i
CENTRAL AMERicm'n ‘70 W5 GAME OF FATE.

  
   

m

 

  
  

 
 

‘r

BEER CHN
LOT OF

 

 

  

. ,_. , a v ~w%uwmﬁecn.wni 

Tunes

 

 

 

I'l’t JUSTA PAL/N IN

I‘M A SQUASHED opossum O'N iii?

HIGHWAY or LtFE/ ,

  
 

December 4, 1984

ing, it's all a lot more Ubt'tum than on:
would expect. l'm really an aid-50m:
guitar player - and he did some >lltff it”,
I'd have to really know v.th he wag
doing." '

Another one of Kaukonu-p
musicians is Jelly Roll Morton
porary of Blind Blake's. Mort“,-
lot of blues tunes in his time, ‘ ll tlrcm
with sexual undertones leg l‘m tor;
Beer, Whining Boy Blue-5v l)“: ".lwiton
have some hangup about or jam "mm,
with sex?

"Well, we all know that h~ u 't:- lth'
something to do with sex and  _...W,.
this because of the lyrics to l:.
plained Kaukonen," but, mun 
tdon't know...l think he just 
ty and keep the cash flow ti... ‘ 
all that stuff. l've read a bu: ~ : at”;
about him and his songs, bi- ’
what people say - if you wen .
don't know what the hill ' i g, H»
about."

ta \ onto .
.i rnntem.
penned J

 
  

   

  
  

 

There are those who haw ,: ., ‘,:-:,'
When asked about hi~ tu‘lii  - 
those in comtemporary musii 
talented. yet make more mom 1. '
Kaukonen explained, ' it doc v
a bit. I mean, I feel free to \l
don't like, but it’s not on the: \
ing money; l hate to see pcopii

"Talent is not necessarily a ; w
for success, athough it help  ‘
There are a lot of other \'dfldl‘l'_ ~
place,"

 

  
  
  
 

 

 

 

Someone came to the door as: .;:; .‘
that it was almost time for Kairk. ,
his second show. It was now i '
morning. and he sighed at thc 
having to please the crowd one "
Not that he doesn't enjoy it  -
leaves him little time for rest. >:,
it all in stride. It's all in a nigh: \  '

Splashdou'n, an album of erci ' ‘. ..~i t
songs performed by Hot Tuna
and Jack Casady) has just bu- ~ as“:
The material on the album to", -
live radio broadcast done in lt.._
over the now nonexsrstent '-  'v »
Briarcliff NY. The broadcast ' rill
with the Splashdov. n of the :‘rjv '
spaceship, (Hence the title o: I"
and on l’olice Dog Blucs 
NASA transmission can be t
tcrfcred with the \\’Al\‘ broad

Kaukonen has finished .
material for a solo acoustic .ill~:.:‘.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
 

   

ed for release in February or .\l.u. " 0 i5 lit
has just completed recurdxu. 
keyboardist Jerry Long for an album ' ‘ I"
released also in the near lllt‘j‘c’ltillf. u.:..:i

 
  
   

 

 

December 4, 1984

 

' ' Aspech fan Til-catwalk

 

 

i Reel People

A Comedian With Direction

elaxing on satin sheets as Gumby
lays wrapped around a nearby
Aramis bottle as mirrors along the
window ledge run about the room, it
strikes me funny to see the rubber fried
eggs that lay sizzling on the mirrored glass.
Eric Mittleman is a man to be taken
seriously.

Jodi Jacobs

Willi much anticipation, Eric looks from
his last year of college education to the
world of production. An up and coming
director, producer, writer and actor, Eric
continues to use his spare time here at
SUNYA to create and produce videos, ad-
ding more material & experience to his
"film-folio,"

With an occasional glance at the silent
episode of Cone/til Hospital, Mittleman
jumped to his feet, yelling "Luke's backt",
as he pressed the recorder button to his
VCR. He used to be the only kid on the
block (quad) with a VCR last year; now
everyone has one. Guess it's time for a new
toy, eh Mittleman'l

Whether it's toys or ideas, Eric's mind is
always on the go, channelling his energies,
as the world of video continues to play an
integral part of his life here at SUNYA.
Another Long lslrindc-r, Eric comes from
Merrick and says he has heard "Eric from
Merrick" one too many times. A
graduating senior and a second year return-
ing Resident Assistant (Eric is the RA. on
20 in State Tower), he manages to keep
himself busy, “between keeping all of my
show-biz contacts active, constantly
creating, and attending an occasional class,
life right now couldn't be more hectic." It's
a busy schedule, but he says, “people who
know me know that l always'seem to find
at least 10 hours a day, to laugh a lot and
have fun-even if it's in my sleep.”

A diversified achiever, Mittleman wants
to explore further all aspects of production-
writing, producing, directing and acting.
“'5 the availability of certain opportunities
to determine the path that Eric will take.
Realizing the unpredictability of the enter-
tainment world, Eric: knows that it is
among the pressures, the deadlines, long
hours and the lull periods that one finds the
“business” rewards. He values those occa-
sional lull periods regarding them as
necessary, "no one no matter how talented
can be funny l-t hours a day, 7 days a
week, 305 days for it years A especially so»
merino who spends .i lot of time around
Accounting Majors in thr- Business
liuilding." These slow periods oft'i'r time to
get a lot of ideas that you can go back to at
a later time to develop further,

Comedy is a culmination of ideas, of
techniques. l’oking fun at something that
in one light may be serious and in another
quite offbeat, is. to Eric. "making people
laugh when they think they can't,..there
are few things that are more satisfying than
laughing. And I know what everyone is
thinking at this point, but we all have one
X-ratcd moment we regret, but few of us
ncluallly look back and say 'l shouldn't
have laughed that time. I feel so cheap'."

Trying his hand at stand up comedy Eric
realizes the valuable skills it teaches you.
You have to be able to snap back a line if
someone steers you offtrark, allowing
enough outlets to get you out of a jam. He
says that comedians have to learn which
way to go, "everybody starts with sex 8:
drugs", something a half wit or lit audience
will usually find a chuckle in, There seems
to be .i definite pattern that most come-
dians take L‘It route to their success. As one
gets more and more comfortable, they ad-
vancc to picking on the audience and final‘
ly you reach a stage where your security in
your own humor is enough you know the
material behind you and you advance for-
ward. Seems to be that the funniest things
are jitst everyday situations, it's just turning
peoples attentions that make them see
what they can laugh at. Stand-up for Eric
"was never one of my strong points. I
regard it more as a proving HrOllml: a WP"

 

 

‘A‘jﬂuyﬂwﬂmgnu... . . WWW—-

of training to develop communication
skills with an audience and split second initial idea in mind the
timing", both of which are essential to any
project, whether it be film, video, or live
comedy, Eric continues, "I've always had a
lot of respect for stand-up comedy. To this
day l'm convinced it's the best training for
any type of comic acting. A stand-up is on
stage all alone, with no writers or other .ic-
tors to help him out of a tight situation.
When doing stand-up you have to be at
your best because you ha ve to make them
laugh by yourself."

But while the performance may be solo, Lina Malatusta,
Mittleman doesn't hesitate to include his
cohorts among his dearest creators of
material. His newest video “The Making of
the Attack of the Velcro Bag Ladies", :1
novel idea originally proposed by Scott
Weiskopf, a returning sophomore and

launched

 

 

member of State Staff this year. With the
take off was

"Attack of the Velcro Bag Ladics.,.il's a
love story of course". That's the opening
line of Mittlcman's latest project and pretty
much sums up the type of comedy he does.
One of the funnier things undertaken this
year-Attack of the Velcro Bag Ladies is a
collaboration of many talents. Eric cites the
help of Richard Bugle and Scott Weiskopf,
as essential to the project, and without ver-
satile actors like Jeff Stettin, Sheara llrayer,
Dewayne Chin, Greg
Ritucci-Chinni, Brian O'Crady, and many
others, the project would just be a 20
minute video tape of a stand-up comic. Eric
adds, "People who have seen Inc on stage
know just how painful that can be."
Among his other creators Eric credits

 

Richard Bogle with whom he appeared on
Cable TV last year on The Bob Moore
Show. Rich, a senior this year and a return-
ing R.A. share much of Eric's enjoyment in
the field of video production. .Recently
you may have seen Bogle live on 'State
Night with Richard Bogle’, a spoof on Late
Night with David Letterman and "the most
successful R.A. project ever seen," as one
State Quad Director put it.

Disappointed there 'are no film school
program here at SUNYA, Eric delves his
time taking courses he applies to other
apects of production. He majors in
Business, professing Finance as his career to
fall back on. He's thankful about the
University's rcceptiveness to his projects.
Last year, he produced "The State Quad
Movie", a semi-serious spoof on SUNYA.
The movie itself is the longest Mittleman
has yet produced, 45 minutes in length, in-
clusive of 5-6 skits of non-sensical hysteria.
With cable opportunities wide open and
HBO making its own films Eric realizes the
nearing need for programming. Presently
he is hooked up with WXXA TV23,
through a friend of his. he was able to meet
with certain top executives at WXXA;
“they've given me a unique opportunity by
providing a half hour of TV time, if t can
produce a broadcast quality TV show."
Currently he is working on a script for the
sitcom pilot, giving this project almost his
undivided attention. They plan on
recruiting campus wide for talent. Bill
Freiberger, Director of the HBO short film
"Stand Up", has agreed to direct this
project.

 

 

 

The future is coming to Crossgates this Friday. Or the future ll. Or the future plus nine. Any way you
say it, 20/0, the Seq ucl to Stanley Kubrick's epic 2001: A Space Odyssey is opening at Crossgates this
‘ ‘ida . . I '
hl-loill' do you shoota sequel to the film many people believe to be the greatestscience fiction film ofall
time? Very carefully, especially if you're'PCter Hyams, who produced, directed, and wrote the screen
adaption of Arthur C. Clarke's original novel, .3010: Odyssey Two. g . ' ' I

Exactly how careful Hyams was with his adaption will only become apparent this weekend, but sci-fr

film enthusiasts will be watching closely.

 

 

 

 

 
 
       

 
 

