 

 

, — quaint;th A

marrow-.5? ‘a-'-ya\a~.-¢. ,,_ M

 


i4

m --... - ,.

 

 

4'ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, I984

SUrvey may 'shed more light on housing crisis

By Jacquie Clark
STAFF WRITER

Thousands of tenants may be forced out
of their homes next September if the city
begins enforcing the “Grouper Law." but
at least one SUNYA administrator said he
hopes a recent off campus students survey
will show it is not only SUNYA students
who are violating the law.

The survey conducted on SUNYA buses
before Thanksgiving, will give the Univer-
sity a more complete picture of off campus
students’ housing, according to Vice Presi-
dent for Student Affairs, Frank Pogue.
“Maybe we don't have a problem."

Pogue explained that while many
students are living in violation of the law,
not all those in violation are necessarily
registered at the University. "SUNYA is
not the only college in this area," he
added.

The Grouper Law is an Albany City or-
dinance which states that no more than
three unrelated persons may sltare the
same house or aparttnent. Contmuttity
groups in the ‘student gltctto‘ — an area

Albany was no longer available."

Amongthe options listed were living
further away and driving to school, living
outside City limits and paying more for
University buses, or living in Schenectady
or Troy and taking city buses to classes.

Both Pogue and Assistant Vice Presi-
dent for Residential Life John Martone
said the survey will provide data for Sunya
to use in negotiations with the city and
during the SUNY budget process.

In fact. included in the SUNY Budget
Proposal settt by the Board of Trustees to
Governor Mario Cuomo for approval in
October was funding for a University
apartment complex to house graduate
students. The complex, however, would
house a few hundred students at most and
would take several years to complete.

The proposal ltas to be approved by the
Governor and then by the legislature
before construction can be started.

Pogttc said his office would "contintte
to push for tnore on-campus housing
space," but added that any new project
would not be contpleted for at least three

“The on-campus housing sign-up this spring
will show us how serious 3 problem there
really is.”

—John Martone

 

where many off-campus students ltve -

have been pushing for the law‘s cnforce- '
ment in an attempt to halt deterioration '

they say their neighborhoods are
undergoing.

The survey will “identify concerns off-
:ampus students have" said Pogue. and
will also help administrators see “how the
University can respond to those
:oncerns."

While the survey requested information
)n students' current Itottsing situation, it
tlso asked how students would feel about
Iarious alternatives to their present hous-
ng if "off-campus housing in the City of

years.

lit the meantime. Pogue said he plans to
meet with a local real-estate consultant to
determine where additional housing in
Albany may be available other than in the
student—ghetto area. Possibilities Pogue
mentioned are, multi-dwellings outside of
that area, and “homes near campus off
Central Avenue and in the Arbor Hill
area."

Martone said students often look for
other things than what families look for in
an apartment or house. "We're not look-
ing at them (students) as oddities.“ he ex-
plained, “they're citizens. their needs are

 

just different.”

Martonc said his office would be look-
ing into housing suitable for students such
as rooms with families and housing in area
hotels and motels. He declined to mention
speciﬁc hotel names, but said that at least
one area hotel has agreed to increase
slightly their current student housing
space.

“The on-campus housing sign up this
spring,” said Martone, “will show us ltow
serious a problem there really is.” Mar-
tone noted that every sutnmer, since some
300-600 students, mostly transfer students,
are denied housing. “No limits are plann~
ed (on housing),” said Martone. “Such a
decision would require fttll involvement of
(the) entire campus, including students."

SUNYA's campus, designed to house
about 6,200 students. was operated at 103

percent capacity at the beginning of the
fall semester, said‘Martone, adding that
number has dropped to slightly over the
100 percent mark, but “there are still ap-
proximately 70 students living in
increased-housing situations” on campus.
These numbers. he noted, “were not
unexpected."

“This is the t3th straight year that we‘ve
been at over 100 percent capacity," said
Martone. Students assigned to live in staff
rooms, bunk rooms, attd lounges are given
priority for room changes he said, and
ntost Itave been relocated.

The high occupancy rates itt dorms is a
result of the “desire of continuing students
to remain on campus," said Min-tone,
“and large numbers of freshmen. iiut, he
added, it means that the Universin does
not ltave the faculties to house Silltlctlls
displaced by the Grouper Law.

Overorowded campuses perplexed

Clciclnntl. Uhm

tt‘()t.t.EGE PRESS SERVICE) For the price of a regular, on-campus dorm room, John t ..;
roll University (JCU) scrtior Norm Kotoclt and 65 other students live itt a luxury hotel
off-campus, where tltcy enjoy private washrooms, cable television, refrigerators, mtutl

service. attd swimming pool privileges.

“Everyone‘s acting really well because they don't wattt to spoil this situation," Kotoch

said. “It's really working out great."

Not for everyone. For JCU itself, puttittg up Kotoch and the others is costing .t
“substantial” amount of money, said James Lavin, JCU Dean of Studcttt Life.

But JCU had no other place to house the new students it attracted this fall, thanks to
an unexpected six-percent enrollment increase.

In part because they've been successful itt rccrttitittg new students and in part bccuuw
tttorc students are opting to live on-campus this fall. tttatty schools are suffering dorm
room shortages, reported Jim Grimm, president of College and University Housing ()tr

ficers lttterttational (CUHOI).

And while a lucky few studettts are living it up at luxury hotels. on ntost I'OOlll‘Slltlll
catnpttses students must endure long waits, overcrowding. temporary housing in lounges
and storage rooms, and sometimes no Itousing at all.

At least 600 Iowa State students, for example. started this y -ar without a place to Ii\ c.
attd local and state agencies are still trying to shelter them.

But a shortage of off-campus as well as on-campus housing as making a bad situation

worse, officials report.

University of Wisconsin-Madison officials have turned dowrt sotne 4,000 housing re
quests because of over-crowding there, said Lawrence Halle, associate housing director.
Over 500 University of California-Davis freshmen similarly were denied housing thi.

fall.

Other schools - South Florida, lllittois, Southern Cal, and Bates College itt Maine

9b

 

A NEW MATT DILLON
...ON THE MOVE

OK, smart guy! What would you
do if you were Jeffrey Willis? It’s
your last summer before choosing
between college and jobless
oblivion. Now comes a summer
dream job at the ritzy El Flamingo
Beach Club. a luxurious haunt of
the New York rich absolutely
dripping easy money and overrun
with beautiful girls. You rub more.
than shoulders with a gorgeous

'blonde coed visiting from

California. you are taken under the
wing of the Club's resident “get-
rich-quick" artist and, suddenly.
college is coming in a very distant
second. '

   

 

Matt Dillon ls“Tlte Flamingo Kid."

 

Matt and Janet — a breath of fresh air.

So, in September, what will it be?
For Matt Dillon as Jeffrey Willis in
Twentieth Century Fox's “The
Flamingo Kid." the decision won't
be easy. Everyone has an idea about
what he should do with his life ——
and they‘re ALL wrong.
Flair for comedy

As the bright but less than “Easy
Street" smart Jeffrey. Matt Dillon
takes on a role tailored to show the
talented young actor in a new light.
Sure, he's still a legend in his own
neighborhood. but in “The
Flamingo Kid," Dillon is a

. rumblefish out of water with a flair

for comedy and a crush on sltapely

newcomer Janet Jones. The tall.
sunny blonde shines in her first
major film role after brief
appearances in “One From the
Heart" and “Grease II." A veteran
at age 22 of five seasons on TV’s
“Dance Fever" team. Janet Jones
will follow her role in “The
Flamingo Kid“ by starring in the
eagerly awaited film version of “A
Chorus Line.“

Also starring is a seasoned trio of
top performers. Richard Crcnna
(as slick sports car dealer Phil
Brody) recently made his mark in
"Body Heat" and “First Blood,"
and will soon reteant with Sylvester

 

Stallone in a second "Blood" called
“Rambo;" Hector Elizondo (as
Jeffrey‘s concerned father) was last
seen in the hilarious “Young
Doctors itt Love," and Jessica

Walter (as the status-conscious
Mrs. Brody) is best remembered for
asking Clint Eastwood to “Play
Misty For Me."

    

'1 ,. .
shapely newcomer Janet Jones.

For director Garry Marshall, “The
Flamingo Kid" is a comedy right up
his alley. Known for his knack with
youthful casts of hit TV shows such
as “Happy Days" and "Laverne &
Shirley," Marshall guides "The
Flamingo Kid" on the heels of his
first hilarious feature, “Young
Doctors itt Love."

For a dash of summer in the dead of
winter, here comes "The Flamingo
Kid." Your last days before college
were never this hot and bothered.

 

 

 

~~>---m._.._.n “Mann..th I

 

 

  

Karen Fernandez

wzt:

I‘l‘,

iii“ :tr'a .

 

L
A‘r-(l: 721

it‘«
.1" ‘i m

 

JOHN CURRY UPS

 

“Tlte political situation (in Israel) for women is slowly improving. "

Fernandez outlines Israeli
feminists’ work, triumphs

By Ken Dornbaum

“The Israeli feminist movcmcnt has
caught on somewhat slowly,” asserted
Israeli feminist Karen Fernandez, “despite
the fact that Israel has had a woman pritttc
minister - (ioltlu Meir. And site was ttot
really a feminist, either.“

Fernandez, a ntctttbcr of the Executive
Board ol' the Israeli Feminist Movement,
spoke to 30 SUNYA students on Wedncs-
day night about Israeli feminism. Original-
ly from Buffalo, N.Y., Fernandez said site
emigrated to Israel itt I974 where site
subsequently became involved in the
feminist movement.

“The political situation (in Israel) for
women is slowly improving," said Fer-
nandez. “About ten percent of tire Knesset
(the legislative body) is women." Itt addi-
tion, she said, “the head of the Citizen's
Right Party, which has three Knesset
members, is a feminist-oriented woman,
Sltulamit Alotti. (who) is one of the tnost
liberal members of the Knesset.” Aloni,
supports women‘s rights. lesbian and gay
rigltts, and Arab rigltts. However, she does
not ltavc tttttclt support on many of these
issues,“ Fernandez said.

“Politically, we Itave a lot tttore to
gain,” she continued, “every Woman’s
Day, March 8, we feminists protest otttsidc
the Knesset. We have been effective with
some changes, too."

"Marital rape is now a crime itt Israel. itt
New York State it is ttot. We effected this
change through Jewish Law which states
that a husband may not ‘take’ his wife
without her permission," she said.

“In Israel. wotncn are drafted into
military service,“ Fernandez recounted,
“but only about sixty perccttl go. Of these,
about scvcnty percent are relegated to
clerical positions; nursing positions are
also popular." Women do not serve on the
front lines, site said, explaining that the
mentality is that women would distract the
male soldiers.

Israeli wontcn are required to serve two
years in the army and need only do reserve
duty tltrce ntontlts per year until age 26,
Fernandez said, adding that, “On the
Other Itand, tnett serve three years itt the ar-
uty and are required to show tip for reserve
dttty until age 55. Israeli feminists wartt to
equalize the requirements."

Calling the Kibbutz the “one uniquely
Israeli institution," site said, "Although at
one time it was a more egalitarian system -
women anti ttten sharing all chores -
women are now cltoosittg tltc tnorc tradi-
tional jobs." Women tttust now compete
with men for jobs lit the fields or machine
shops but “once the children see their
futltc in tltc fields and their moms ill the
kitchen. these roles become even more
established." I-‘cr 'tndel. explained.

"Israel is a socialist country with a very
strong union. This has advantaged Israeli

 

 

 

wotttcn a lot - pregnant women can't be
fired. a woman is entitled to IE weeks of
pregnancy leave with fttll pay, and tltctt an
additional year off witltottt risk of losing
her job." site commented. adding “Also,
abortion is legal attd birth control is readi-
ly available. Many wotttctt opt for illegal
abortions, though. If one chooses a legal
abortion. she must go through it commit-
tee of social workers and doctors and cart
be rejected, especially if sltc is married,"
site said.

“Feminism itt Israel is eight decades
old." Fernandez said, adding “It began
with the first wave of Jewish entigratiort
from Eastern Europe. many of those
women were socialists. The tttodcrrt
feminism was imported front the U.S."

At a conference in Haifa irt I982, “Nine
hundred women showed up, and we held
the first ‘Take Back the Nigbt‘ rally in
Israel.” said Fernandez.

“There are many factions itt the Israeli
woman's movement," Fernanch told the
audience. One group site cited, the Israeli
Feminist Movement, was started itt tltc
early 1970's attd is cottsidcrcd to be
homophobic. There is also, she said, a
New York-affiliated group, Womctt
Against Violence Against Women.

“Rape is a big problcnt itt Israel, blll1l2llt.‘

>

.»..,y.-,».-.v. .

FRIDA ,DECEMBER 7, 1984 U'ALBANY STUDENT mass 5'

UAD awareness day to offer

—. ﬂ... ..; .u... y ....t‘... 4w;.é—w -_......t-'.-..4-

'n,guvt

new insight for able-bodied

By Kris Reflelt
srxnr warren

On February 25th some members of the
University community will give up their
sight or the use of their legs as part of Han»
dicapped Awareness Day, which Student
Action .Committee Chair Steve Gawlcy
described to Central Council Wednesday
night.

The event, which is only CentfaI
tentatively scheduled for I I.
February 25th, is being CounCIl
sponsored by University
Action for the Disabled (UAD), the Stu-
dent Community Committee, and the Stu-
dent Action Committee.

According to Gawlcy, both students and
administrators will be involved, and will be
“going through the day as disabled
:tudents do." Participating individuals
will be either blind-folded or restricted to
using wheel chairs for a day, representing
loss of sight or lack of mobility in the legs.

Participants will be grouped in pairs, ex-
plained Gawlcy, “since they will not be us-
ed to being disabled, they will need ltelp."
One person will be taking notes “on the
problems the disabled person encourttered,
attd all possible improvements."

There are many problems the disabled
student ntust face which other students
don’t realize, Gawlcy said. “In lecture
ccttters, the disabled individual has no
cltoicc but to sit itt the front or tltc back of
the room," Gawlcy said.

“Our purpose is to alert the faculty that
it is a problem,” Gawlcy asserted, adding
that since there aren’t arty sidewalks
around perimeter road, "tryittg to get
somewhere as close-by as ShopRite or
Stuyvesant (Plaza) is almost impossible."
The solutions to such inconveniences will
be addressed at the end of the day, with
botlt participants in the Awareness pro-
gram and disabled students.

"It will be beneficial to cveryorte,“
Gawlcy sttid. “Students and ad-
ministrators will be ntore understanding to
problems faced by the disabled."

Stttdcttt Community Corttmittee cltair
Rick Dalton said ltc thinks that the event
will ntnkc the campus tttore conscious of
the problems that exist. "I think it's a
great idea," he said.

"Hopefully students arid the ad-
ministration will become ntore aware of
the difficulties the disabled face," he
rtotcd. Dalton ttlso said lte believes that the
program will decrease the amount of van-

 

By Ilene Weinstein
IE1)! [URMI .‘\S.S'IS l’.-\N'l

Public Safety official.

Williams,

fairs. on Monday. Novctttbcr, 27.

refused to disclose.

 

the case yet, Williams reported.

A SUNYA student, victittt of ti $700 armed
robbery on State Qutttl Iltrcc weeks ago, has
moved off campus and is currently appealing a
decision on charges filed by n Dcpttrtntcnt of

The official, Public Safety Director James
Itas refused to comment on the
charges, bttt several campus sources have sug-
gested that the case may be related to drttgs.
The victim, freshman (.‘Itris Shankcr, Itad his
case heard before tltc cottttttittcc on student
conduct. at branch of tltc office of student af-

Shankcr said ltc is cttrretttly appealing tltc rul-
ing. which he and University officials have

Robbery victimwto appeal charges

l'

 

James Williams

Shaukcr's appeal will be heard by the Student Affairs Council.

Sltztnkcr refused to cotntnettt on Itis decision to move off campus.

The armed robbery. itt which $700 was stolen front Sltanker, occurred itt his roont irt
'I‘ttpptttt Hall on State Quad. Two black men wearing ski jackets and carrying pistols
ctttcrcd Sltttnkcr's suitcroom on November I3. where Itc was studying with Itis
suitcmtttc. David Marsh. Otte of the attackch dragged Shanker to ltis roont where his
$700 was iii an open drawer. “The money was itt clear view," Sltankcr said.

According to Williams, the robbery did ttot appear to be random. He would not
comment. however. if Itc thought the tltcft was drug-related.

Shunkcr said ltc won tltc $700 at the Monticello racetrack over the sttnttttcr. adding
that lie kept the utoncy itt Itis room for “personal expenses."

There were no witnesses other than Shankcr anti Marsh and there are no suspects iii

1 l

 

 

ﬂ. .. an,“ .i;.,..._.'.. K  » .

 

dallsm on campus. “People will realize
that destroying and ruining equipment
designed for the handicapped only inten-
siﬁes the problem," he said.

UAD Vice President Rob Pipia said he
also believes the program will be a success.
“it will show both students and faculty
what the disabled student goes through."
he explained. In addition, he said. it will
also bring about better communication
between disabled students and the univer-
sity. "Finally other people will see how im-
portant the issues really are because they
will have hands-on experience," he added.

Pipia also stressed the advantages of
working in conjunction with Central

MARK MEDIAVILLA UPS
Rob Plpla
Stressed the need to work together.

Council. “Our people (UAD committees),
combined with Central Council committee
members both have the same goals, and if
we didn't work together, it would defeat
ottr purpose."

Olfiee renovations

Renovations now underway in the SA
offices will be completed by the middle of
Ianuary, said SA President Rich Schaffer.
Financing for the project will be ap-
propriated from SA's general fund at “the
lowest price possible of $4,400," Schaffer
explained. Changes include an expansion
of SA Legal Consultant Mark Misler’s of-
fice, and a series of alternatives in other
offices, Schaffer said.

Director of Student Programming Patty
Salkin disclosed that since the on campus
restaurant ‘Thc Dutchess‘ is not doing very
well, on Thursday nights next semester the
restaurant will become “a comedy. variety
tight club to attract more students.” The
night club will feature stand-up comedians
and other related routines, Salkin added.

New Media Director

Debbie Demarco was appointed as
Media Director for the remainder of the
1984-85 acadeni'ic year by unanimous con-
sent. De arco is replacing Stacey Yottng.
who left h r\position for personal reasons.

Young said that Demarco “has been
training with me all semester. and will do a
good job. Site has worked with SASU and
knows what she is doing.”

The InterColIegiate. Athletic Council
proposed a “leasing system" for a new in-
tercollegiate “super van" beginning in
March I985. The teams currently use a
I982 Dodge van. with 55,000 miles on it.

The van would be traded in for a leased
van to be used to transport most athletic
learns to their away contests. [I

l t

 

\ I It!!! ’-‘\4v\4c.l"‘] \n‘t an, s g -II,

 

 ... Wadi-a.  seals: .9». a  _

- u wi,ii."a§t~‘A-Y«‘Sb'z -‘v~

’_

      

