4 ALBANY STUDENT PRESS Cl TUESDAY, DECEMBER ll. I984

Police nab Draper robbery suspect after chase

A lS-year-old male was ar-
rested Friday in Draper Hall and
charged with stealing two purses
and a radio from the downtown
campus.

According to University Police
Lieutenant‘ David Prendergast.
who helped make the arrest, the
suspect had stolen three items by
the time he was apprehended. in-
cluding a purse from the Hawley
library. a second purse-from a
third ﬂoor ofﬁce of Richardson
Hall, and a radio/cassette player
worth about $90 from the first
floor of Draper Hall. The pocket-
books contained'a total of $17 in
cash, Predergast said. '

All items .were recovered and
returned to their owners. he
added.

The suspect, who is 6’2" tall
and weighs 230 pounds. was ap-
prehended by Prendergast and
UPD Ofﬁcer Gary Slyke in the
basement of Draper Hall. Both
ofﬁcers. Prendergast said. receiv-
ed hand scratches which were
treated at the SUNYA inﬁrmary.

“This kid, because of his size,
put up quite a struggle,”
Prendergast said, adding, “we
had very good cooperation from
the faculty. staff. and
students...thcy held his feet down
which helped us out." The
suspect had been chased into the
basement of Draper Hall.

Prendergast said the suspect
may have been responsible for a
three month theft spree on the
downtown campus. He “has had

problems as a juvenile delinquet
with the Albany police," the of-
ﬁcer stated.

“We hope this will clear
up...any of the pocketbook
thefts," Prendergast said.

He also referred to problems in
the uptown library, where several
wallets have been stolen in the
past few weeks. “We're getting
closer (to a solution) and hopeful-
ly this will be our next apprehen-
sion," Prendergast said.

Prendergast advised everyone
to keep their dorms locked and to
report suspicious persons to UPD
to help prevent crime. UPD's up-
town ofﬁce extension is 457-7616,
and downtown is 455-6265.

—Jlmes O’Sulllvm

SUNYA’e downtown campus.

 

|l

- -i
1 .-

n
.a .

.I/

' \

/
/

iv: 0

ti

Ill.) /
i»

[Hun/I’d"

 

OTTAWA

DETROIT ROCHE

l
‘\-
I

3‘

“iii

_/// '///l

I... @x 2

i,

i

I

5/
E l
’I/Ilil

Book early and save up to 45%
when you ﬂy Empire
home for the holidays.
For reservations and information
call your Travel Agent or 800-962-5665
Toll-Free in New York State or
800-448-4104 Toll-Free Nationwide.

 \\
/" //‘/\//./..

.../

 

CALL EMPIRE

III/Z

. 6

FREE DRINKS‘ FULL SERVICE

 

 

NEWS
SPORTS
ASPECT-
S
PRODU-
CTION
BUSINE-
SS
NEWS
SPORTS
ASPECT-

S
Look for

the ASP
interest
meeting

 

 

BUSINE-
33
NEWS
SPORTS
ASPECT-
s
PRODU-
CTION
BUSINE-

 

By Susan Kent
PRODUCTION MANAGER

SUNYA students could be paying less for their books if
professors would stop changing texts so often that
students can’t take advantage of lower used-book prices,
according to Barnes and Noble Bookstore Manager Marj
Campbell.

Students may find this problem especially aggravating
when they try to sell their books back to Barnes and No-
ble this semester because, according to Marj Campbell
the bookstore's manager, there’s an unusually high tur-
nover in textbook titles between this semester and next.

With 85 percent of the book orders already placed for
next semester, it appears that about three-quarters of
those titles now in use will be replaced in favor of new
Ones, which are more expensive for both Barnes and No-
ble and students.

Campbell explained the “fairly normal two-thirds tur-
nover in text titles will rise by about 25 percent. “in ac-
tual numbers. this means that only 800-900 titles will be
re-used out of the 3,300 currently on file in the bookstore.

Having no explanation to offer for the rise. Campbell
stated that “Barnes and Noble’s purpose is to put the
books on the shelves for the students to buy when they
want.”

Explaining that the Barnes and Noble network of stores
tries to offer students the option to buy used texts
whenever possible, Campbell said. “We get texts in from
all over the country -— from California, Georgia,
Missouri, Nebraska...Thcy‘re put on the computer and
we try and find those needed here.”

But with many professors failing to place their orders
by the Oct. 15 deadline. the bookstore is left with

TUESDA if; DECEMBER II. 1984 D ALBANY STUDENT PRESS 5

Changing texts cost students money

Bookstore reports unusually high turnover rate this semester

“precious little time" to locate and retrieve used books,
she said.

For students, Campbell said this means there will be
fewer used books on the shelves and so students will be
forced to purchase new texts, which, she added, cost 25
percent more on the average. ,

“We prefer to sell used books. The publishers give us
only a 20 percent discount, and after we pay UAS the 5 or
6 percent we owe them there isn‘t much left." Campbell
continued. “It’s terrible. Kids can't just shell out $l00 or
more at once. Unlike many other college bookstores, we
keep our text shelves open throughout the semester,” she
said.

‘ ‘But the faculty should have academic freedom in their
selection of texts, if I was teaching a course I wouldn‘t
want to be denied access” to certain books, Campbell
stated.

Although faculty members submit their own orders for
textbooks, some departments have made a conscious ef-
fort to ease the burden by advocating a policy of main-
taining a uniform text requirement in all sections of a
class. she said.

“Collectively, there is no official policy. But we are
aware of the financial aspects," says Joe Jenkins, Chair
of the Mathematics department.

“We stay with a book until one comes along that is
clearly superior. in calculus, for example, we made just
such a blanket change effective Septaember l" of this
year, he said.

The selling of texts is not where the profit is, said
Campbell. “We make our profit on the little things ——
pens, pencils. notebooks. cigarettes and candy." H

 

By Tom Bergen
sun-1: wm rim

Students who go home for the holidays and take
their folks’ car for a spin should remember New York
State's ncw Mandatory Seat Belt Law — if they don‘t
want to get stuck with a $50 fine.

0n Januarydst police in New York will begin enforc-
‘ing‘thc state’s mandatory safety belt law, the first of its
kind in the nation, according to a State Motor Vehicle
Department press packet.

Under the law, all front seat passengers must wear
seat belts. The law also applies to back seat passengers
under the age of four. There is a fifty dollar fine for
non-compliance.

included in the law is a provision allowing an exemp-
tion to the law for those who cannot wear seat belts
because of a physical disability. A doctor's approval
must be gained before a waiver can be granted.

In addition, automobile dealers must offer seat belt
extenders for persons of large sizes, as well as adaptors
that can be used by those of smaller stature.

This law is especially important to young drivers,
because. according to the National Safety Council,
automobile accidents are the number one killer of
young adults, ages 15 to 24.

  

 

Woman fastening her seat belt
I Under the la w, all front,seat passengers must wear seat be

'lltéi" lift-

Buckle up -' it’s NY State law now

 

[15

State police have no plans for special tactics to en-
force the law, such as the roadblocks used in enforcing
DWI laws, but police will be handing out tickets to
motorists who are pulled over for other reasons, if they
are not wearing seat belts.

According to surveys done by the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administraion, only l4 percent of New
York motorists currently use seat belts.

in Ontario. Canada, which enacted a mandatory seat
belt law in 1976, seat belt usage has risen from 17 per-
cent to approximately 60 percent, according to the
American Association ofAqumotive Medicine. one of
the law's supporters. Australia and Great Britain also
have mandatory seat belt laws.

The New York State Department of Motor Vehicles
claims that this law will save from 300 to 400 lives, as
well as help prevent 70,000 injuries and save New
Yorkers $250 million each year in insurance and other
costs.

The seat belt law is the latest in a series of measures
aimed at increasing motorist safety. in 1982 New York
State passed a saw requiring children under five years
old to either wear seat belts or be strapped into an ap-
proved car seat. in I984 the age limit was raised to
seven years of age. .13

 

 

 

 

 

DAVE ISAAC UPS

'Srt‘r“t'

Am . ,

 

.  ijt‘ "y
' ‘Baaut its...
GVl‘h‘jl’hl‘ 
r 1‘ L'mtuuly
» ';:-. . °\

 

 

    

Dwayne Sampson
"Enrollment of minorities has increased tremendously"

Social Welfare School
reports large increase
in minority enrollment

By Rick Swanson
EDITORIAL xsstsrANr

Almost half of the 68 undergraduates enrolled in the
School of Social Welfare (SSW) are minorities, an
outstanding statistic given the fact that minority recruit-
ment is often a problem at many colleges.

The ratio of minorities in the SSW has increased three
times since l98l. according to Professor John Oliver,
largely as a result of recruitment program undertaken by
the school.

“Students that come from a disadvantaged
background sometimes feel intimidated when applying to
school." said Dwayne Sampson, co-chair of SUNYA's
Minority Recruitment Task Force, noting that the staff
and faculty is usually made up of whites.

Assistant Professor of the School of Social Welfare
Lester Brown attributed the school's increase of
minorities from fourteen percent to almost ﬁfty percent
due to the outreaching efforts of the school.

“The primary thing that has made a difference has
been talking to people," said Brown, adding “i doubt
that many schools do what we have been doing."

Brown said that social welfare has. in the past, been a
field dominated by women. But the SSW is now attrac-
ting morc minority students, including blacks, Hispanics,
Asians, the disabled and gays. “Social work has primarily
been a woman’s career.“ said Brown. but SSW is now
making a personal effort to encourage minorities to
join."

Oliver said he hosts a reception every year in his borne,
where he encourages minority students to join the school.
“Any way that you can demonstrate that you care is a
plus." said Oliver. adding that minority students enjoy
the chance to talk about their future with the school.

"We like to encourage them to think seriously that this
is a career for them," said Oliver.

Sampson paraised SSW‘s efforts to enlist minorities.
“The School of Social Welfare has made leaping attempts
to accept minority students." said Sampson.

Sampson hailed Oliver and Brown as being “the force
behind the increased minority enrollment."

“Enrollment of minorities has increased tremendous-
ly," said Sampson. maintaining that “the standards of
the school are still high.” He added that “all the schools
(at SUNYA) should be modelled against the School of
Social Welfare," said Sampson, stressing that “that extra
step has to be taken to encourage minorities.” to enroll.

Some schools at SUNYA “have the appearance of non-
acccptancc" of minority students because “No one is
reaching out to them." Sampson said. to help overcome
years of entrenched discrimination.

Acording to the Guidlines on Affirmative Action for
Minority Students passed this June by the SUNY Board
of Trustees, each campus should have a plan for “attrac-
ting and enrolling" minority students. The “faculty and

'staff should be sensitized to the existence and advantages

of cross-cultural differences.” states the Guidelines.
A white student of the School of Social Welfare said
the minority recruitment effort of the school did not af-

‘fect him. "Anybody who really tried could get in" to the

school, said the student. He praised the effort for increas-
cd minority enrollment suggesting the more minority
students there are in the school, “the more power to
them."

Oliver stressed that the drive to enlist more minorities
in the School of Social Welfare was not funded by the
school. rather, he said, “we did it on our own.”

“it's part of our personal responsibilities." said Oliver.'
“I am a person and i care about (students)." he added.
“Some students feel a degree of cstrungcment,a degree of
alienation.” he said.

Oliver hopes overall minority enrollment increases at
SUNYA. maintaining “the lack of minorities in the.
school is a problem." ‘
.ixlri‘ab Ital ‘si

,... v.«.s c‘i tt.ta\;n’ Arr,

 

