 

 

,.

. l .
 w»
a. 

. Z ‘
‘ﬁﬁesﬁé

r

DECEMBER 11, I984

 

 

The beat goes on: Danes thrash Hunter, 87-54

 

 

LUCKEY UPS

Coach chk Sauers presents a ball to Dann Croutler last night in honor of the senlor
guard reachlng the 1000 polnt mark and t e 500 assist plateau.

By Kelth Marder
SPORTS EDITOR

The Albany State Great Danes upped
their record to a perfect 7-0 as they handily
defeated Hunter College of New York Ci-
ty, 87-54 at University Gym last night.

Hunter put up some token resistance
before the Danes blew the game wide
open.

A John Moran baseline lay-up with
16:38 to play in the ﬁrst half cut the
Danes’ lead to three, 11-8. But then the
Danes scored 17 out of the game's next 18
points in the next five minutes of the game
to increase their advantage to 19 and seem.-
ed to secure Dick Sauer’s 486th career
victory.

“In the beginning i wasn’t very happy
with our play," said Sauers. “They were
spreading us out and we couldn't play
man-to-man against them. They were just
beating our guards.

“1 think we wanted to get too many
points too soon. And you can only get two
at a time.”

In the first half the Danes were led by
the hot shooting of Dave Adam. The
senior shooting guard hit seven out of his
10 first-half shots, which was good for 14
points. 6'8” center Pete Gosule also had
an outstanding half. getting seven points
on 2-3 shooting, but more importantly he
grabbed eight rebounds in the half and 10
on the evening.

A big night was needed out of Gosule as
the Danes are ailing in the middle. in addi-
tion to Adam Ursprung’s thigh injury. the
Danes did not have the full services of the
6‘5" Greg Hart, who hurt his ankle in
Saturday night’s win over Plattsburgh.
Hart started the game, but only saw
limited action due to his injury.

The situation seems to have worsened as
Gosule injured his knee last night with

16:47 left to go in the game. Moran hit a
lay-up and Gosule went down with an in.
jured knee, a similar injury that he suf-
fered in the middle of last season that caus-
ed him to miss a few games.

On the bright side for the Danes,
Ursprung dressed for the first time since
the second game of the year and was
available for some emergency duty.

The Danes' defense got stingy late in the
first half as they held the visitors to four
points in the last 7: 10 of the session. They
didn’t let up in the second half as Hunter
could manage only 22 points after the
break.

John Mracek scored seven points in the
first half. And with with 5:29 left to play in
the contest the big lefty delighted the
crowd with a sweeping hook which pushed
the Dane advantage to 30, 73-43. Mraeek
also made his presence felt inside as he
hauled down eight rebounds.

Dane point guard Dan Croutier, who
was honored before the game for being the
first Dane to dish out 500 assists as well as
being the 14th Albany basketball player to
score 1,000 points picked up right where he
left off Saturday night in Plattsburgh.
where he set both marks.

Croutier handed out eight assists last
night and threw in eight points on 4-6
shooting.

All of Croutier‘s points came on long-
rangcd jumpers from 15 feet and out. On
his assists Croutier mixed in a little bit of
razzle dazzle. Two of his assists came on
touchdown strikes from Croutier to his
backcourt-mate Adam. On these he looked
more like Dan Marino than Croutier.

The Danes continued their domination
for the rest of the game as the the final
score of 87-54 would indicate.

“Last year‘s loss down there (in Hunter)

- 21>

Grapplers stay unbeaten with convincing wins

By Marc Berman
SPORTS EDITOR

Their wrestling has been so brilliant thi:
season, the Albany State grapplers are
deserving of a nickname. How about
“Division—l busters?"

One week after finishing better than
seven Division 1 schools in a Coast Guard
Invitational. the undefeated Great Dane
grapplers busted the balloons of two more
Division 1 schools and one Division 11
squad, in a quadrangular meet held at
Hartford University.

The Danes outscored the opposition
129-18 in a dazzling display of domina-
tion. Coach Joe DeMeo’s 5-0 wrestlers
thrashed Division 1 Boston College (39-10)
and Brown (39-5). The squad completed
their successful afternoon with a 51-3 em.
barrassrnent over Hartford, a Division 11
program.

“We’re obviously very pleased with the
three wins,” said DeMeo. "But we're not
patting ourselves on the back yet.”

Neither is the Division 111 Coaches PollI
which had the undefeated Danes ranked a
distant 13th, six notches below St.
Lawrence, a school the Danes pummeled
in the Coast Guard Invitational.

“All 1 care about is the rankings after
the NCAA’s," said 1984 NCAA champion
Dave Averill. “And that is decided in the
gym.”

Though the score does not reflect it, the
Brown match turned into the toughest for
Albany.

“Brown is a good team," said DeMeo.
"Our two stars won very close matches.”

The "stars" referred to by DeMeo were
Averill and All-American Shawn Sheldon.

The 126-pound Averill trailed Brown's
Mike Whittenburgh 4-3 with 30 seconds
left and the three-time All American battl-
ing from the bottom.

“i thought I might lose," said Averill.
“The guy was huge; he didn't look like 126
pounds."

But Averill got his act together in those
final seconds. He was able to reverse the
stocky Brown wrestler to the latter's back
for four points to pull out the thrilling vic-
tory. 7-4.

“1 just got mean,” explained Averill. “1
know I had to take it away from him."

Sheldon also had a difﬁcult bout in the
Brown meet. The 118 pound sophomore
had to struggle to a 4-0 triumph over Don
Monize, whose purpose on the mat seemed
more to stall than to wrestle.

Sheldon had a simpler time against
Hartford, pinning Brian Lynch 3:15 into
the bout. Against B.C., — the school
Albany lost to a year ago, — Sheldon was
awarded a forfeit.

Perhaps the finest surprise this season
for the Danes has been the prowess of
l42-pound Jim Fox. Fox, a junior
transfer from Divison 1 Franklin Marshall,
wrestled at 118 pounds for the Penn-
sylvania school last season. It wasn't until
this summer’s Empire State Games that
DeMeo approached Fox.

And the Dane coach is sure glad he did.
“We saw a lot of potential in him." said
DeMeo. “He's already good and he’s still
going to improve.”

Will Fox's name be added to the long list
of DeMco-coached All-Americans? “1
think he's got a good chance," said the
Dane mentor.

Saturday, Fox delivered an All-
American effort, pinning B.C.’s Pat
Quinnan in 1:21 and nailing Mike Mc-
Quire in 1:29. Like the rest. he had the
most difficulty in the Brown meet, against
Bob Hill.

The match was scoreless after two

periods. In the third, the wrestlers opened
up with Hill taking a 3-2 edge going into
the final 20 seconds. Characteristic of the
elite wrestlers, Fox executed in the clutch,
scoring four on a fireman‘s carry to lift
him to victory. 7-3.

21>

 

UPS

Coach Joe DeMoo urges on one of his wrestlers. The Danae to k I r
meet against Dlvlelon I and 11 schools thls weekend. 0 a quadrangu a

 

